###PAGE###1###


A
I
'
$1.50 pep annum In Advance 2.00 to the Unlit c States
I
PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, JULY 25. 1940
SHAWVILLE
No. (5, 58tii Yiak
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
BORN
PERSONAL MENTION
Shinulkb*—Just received ft new stock of cedar shingles of several grades. R. A. Grant, Bristol. Phono 24—5.
The Simwvilie United W. M. S. will meet in the basement of the church on Thursday evening, July 25th, in charge of Mrs. Robert Ï ounge’s group. Mrs. W hi tela w, returned Missionary from China, will give an add less.
Correction birth of a sun L. Clements, of South Porcupine, in our issue of July II. Mrs. Clement's maiden name was incorrectly given as Adeline Atkinson, instead of Eliza Atkinson.
Shawville Hardware
Hodoins —At Pontiac Community Hospital on Tue-day afternoon. July 23rd, 1W0, to Mr. and Mr*. G. Lemuel Hudgins, a daughter.
Master Géorgie Clarke, of Ottawa, in visiting Harry Coles, this week.
Mrs. C. A. Burnside, of Ottawa, was a week end guest of Mrs. Win. Horsfield.
Mr.< H. Millar, of Ottawa, spent the week-end with her daughter, Mis. J. P. Wilson.
Mrs. Inez McKillop, of Ottawa, is spending a few days at the home of her sister, Mrs. George Coles.
Miss Norn Hod gins, of Ottawa, is spending her holidays with her
Mr. and Mrs. John L.
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
HAYING AND
GARDEN TOOLS
DIED
Hodoins—At Pontiac Community Hospital, on Wednesday, July 2-ltli, I WO, Constance, infant daughter of Mr. and Mrs. G. Lemuel Hudgins, of King Street, Shawville.
— Reporting the to Mr. and Mrs. J.
Hoes, Rakes, Scythes, Scythe Snaths, Hay Fork Wire Cable and Rope Trip Rope and Hay Loader Rope Rafter Brackets and Hangers Hay Forks and Pulleys Carborundum Files
w. E. COWLING, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE
Principal
Wilson—At Vancouver, BC
PRO. Alex
on
• »
Sunday, July 2M.
N Wilson, in hi- 81th year. The
will arrive in Sliawville, morning and will
imrents,
Hudgins.
Miss Rida Nichol has returned to her home in Ottawa after a week's visit with her cousin, Miss Myrtle Ilobin.
Miss Eleanor Judd, of Ottawa, i< spending n vacation at the home of her uncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. Robt. Judd. .
Dr. Wallace Hudgins, of Montreal, is spending a vacation with Ids parents, Mr. and Mrs. John L. Hudgins.
Mis, Eddie Fmnigan and «uns, of Ottawa, are home of her mother,
McDowell.
JAMES A. MILLAR
remains on Friday rest at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Harold Horigins.	The funeral
service will be held at 2*30 on Friday afternoon, 20th in*t Shn w ville United Church and Village Cemetery. '
Memorial Service Next Sunday-28th
The annual Memorial Service for the Sliawville United and Angli-..... Cemeteries will he held on Sunday afternoon at 2.00 on the cemetery grounds. The guest preacher will he Rev. John L. Hodgson, of City view United Church, Ottawa, and the Simw-
>ys’ Band will furnish
________d lead the singing The
service will he conducted jointly by Revs. T F R Nurse ami A. b. Fokes. Friends are invited to help beautify the graves of their (iepaited friends for the day. Donations and an offering will be taken at the service.
B A. L. L L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel. Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
to
M
can
MARRIED
Repair Agents For
INTERNATIONAL FARM MACHINERY
M V R R A Y-S< H XV A R TZ	----------------------
A rpiiet wedding was solemnized HARLAND C. ROWAT
at thehomeVMr’and Mr? .h»hn	NOTARY PUBLIC
R. Mel)owell, xvhen Rhoda W il-helmina, eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Schwartz, of Thorne
Township, became the bride of Offic e—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Mr. Clarence Herbert, son of Mr.
George Murray and the late Mrs.
Murray, of Ninette, Man.
The young couple were attended by Mr. and Mrs. John Hodgins, of Yarm.Tlsv. A F. Fokes officiated.
Alter the marriage, Mrs, John R McDowell served dinner to the wedding party, after which they left on a short motor trip.
ville no music un
on
vi-iting at the Mrs. Tlios.
Graduate of McGill University
SHAW VILLE, QUE.
Pte Harwood Argue, has returned to IVtawawa alter a two week* fmlough with his parent-, Mr. and Mi s. J. M. Argue.
Mrs, Matt Owen* and children, of South Put vu pine, are visiting at the home of her paient*, Mr. and Mrs. Irvin Swartz.
The Misses Dorothy Caldwell and Lucille Brough r eturned Sunday from a week s vi*it with Mis*
Nancy Poole, at Wakefield.
Mis* Shirley Judd has returned home after spending a week’* vacation with her cousin,
Melba Hogar th, at Pakenham.
Mr. and Mr*. Boy McDowell and son, Arthur, of Ottawa, are .«pending a week’s vacation with their relatives in town and vicinity.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Main Street. Shaw ville. Que.
J. OSCAR LÀFLAMME, K.C.
Ladies' Auxiliary of St. Edward s Parish
The Ladies’ Auxiliary of St. Edward’s Par i*h held their regular monthly meeting at the home of Mrs. Fabian Trudeau, on Thursday, July 11tii« and took the form of a social evening.
Fourteen members and a large number of visitors wer e present. The evening was spent in playing cards and dancing During the evening Mrs. Geo. Finlan was presented with a bed room set by the Auxiliary.
Tlie hostess was assisted in serving refreshments by Mrs. Boland Graham and Miss Mildied Trudeau.
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Quo, (In Lawn Block)
Try Our Grocery Dept.
DONAT Le GUERRIER
Burtch- Casement
The home of Mr. and Mrs. John Casement, Frank ford, Ontario, was the scene of a cpiiet wedding, Monday afternoon. July 15. when their daughter, Alice Pauline, was united in marriage to Rev W. G. Burtch, of Arden, Out., formerly of Charteris, Que.
Rev. B McRoberts, of f rank fold, officiated and a number of friends attended and a buffet lunch was served. ....
? After visiting the btide s friends Mr. and Mrs. Harold Hayward, and relatives the couple will reside of Montreal, and Miss Neta Burn • at Arden, Out. side, of Ottawa, were week-end guests at the home of Miss I va Cowan.
L.L.B
B. A.,
V #
Mi*s
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
You’ll Find j Plenty of Specials
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with bylcorrespondence
New Oxydol Deal, « iaarlep2oyl2LP
Ivory Snow Flakes...................
Giant Rinso .......................
24c
Mr. imil Mrs. Scott and Mr. and Mrs McKenzie, of Montreal, were recent guests of Mr. and Mrs, G. A. McDougall.
R. MILLER WALLACE
25c
Further Red Cross Receipts
• # • • •
AVOCAT .. BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-2219
»
49c
189 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
t
In addition to the amounts reported last week as received from the various Units for the Red Cross, have been added the follow
Super Suds, large, free glass fruit bowl, per pkg.
P.'& G Soap,.......special....G bars for.........
Economie Soap Flakes.......giant size....per pkg.
Fancy Toilet Soap.....ten varieties....6 bars for
Special Assorted Cookies, [12 varieties] 2 lbs for
“Drakes” Giant Grape Fruit Juice..................
Blue Ribbon Coffee......1 pound glass jar.........
Gold Medal Tea, Orange Pekoe
Clover Leaf Salmon.....fancy pink
special size...3 cans for....
special picnic size...........
large size...per duz.
25c
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’* Bay every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every
WILSOX— W HELEN
A pretty wedding ceremony was Mr and Mrs. XVm Hogarth and solemnized at the United Church children, Melba and Hilly, also * parsonage, Sha wville.lon XVednes-Mr. XVeston Knox, of Pakenham, *tiav afternoon. July 17th. KMO, by spent Sunday visiting relatives in Kev A. F. Fokes, when Miss
Jenette Ann Whelan, daughter of rA Mr James XVhelen and the late Mrs. Whelen, of Clarendon township, became the bride of Morley Irwin Wilson, eldest son of Mr.
Harvey Wilson, . of
Bristol Township-Box Social in Town halt $54,57 ; Special subscription, $5.00 ; From guests at Fine Lodge, July M to 20, $'30.00— $80 57 making a total for Hristol
to date of $205.07.
Zion United Women's Association of $25.00, making the total from Zion section of $07 00.
Filth Line, Clarendon, by canvass $38.00, making a total ot
$57.00.	„ .
Pontiac Lodge A.F. & A.M 40, of $5.25, making the total received from this Lodge to date of
$20.75.	.	.
The Red Cross executive is very grateful for all these fine donations. All these amounts came in during the past week except the first.
25c
Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 pm.
25c
D. J. CAMBPELL
town.
Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Elliott, turned home last week from visit ing at the home of their son, Mr A. G. Elliott, at Herchel. Sask., and other relatives in the West.
Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Kinraond, of Toronto, and the latter's sisters. Misses Theresa and Dolores Mac kay. are visiting at the home of their parents, Mr. and Mrs. El wood Mackay. at Phillips Lake.
Mrs. Jas Allen and daughter, Beverley, attended the funeral on Saturday of Mrs. Wm. Hudson, who died at Ottawa on Thursday of last week.
Pakenlmm cemetery.
Recent guests at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Austin McDowell were their danghtes and son9-inlaw, Dr. and Mrs. Jack Willard, of Larder Lake ; Mr. and Mrs. Hill Bundle, of Sudbury, and Mr. and Mrs. Alex Olmsted and their children, of Aylmer.
Mr. and Mrs Jack Johnston, Mr. Jas. Haker and Miss Nettie Greet , who have been spending a vaca tion with their relatives in this district returned to their homes in South Porcupine this week. They were accompanied by Master Hilly Farrell.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Derrick and their daughters, the Misses I so be I and Margo, of Montreal, were recent guests at the home of Mr and Mrs. XV. E Shaw, en route to Kirkland uakv, and from here were accompanied by Miss Gwen netli Shaw.
• Mr. and Mrs. Jim Johnson and children, of Montreal, arrived Saturday to visit at the home Mrs. Johnson's parents, Mr. and Mis. H. Imisoti Mr. Johnson, who was accompanied by his friend, Mr. Gordon Moore, returned to the city Sunday evening.
25c
• •
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
29c
Phone 8 I.
M rs.
and
Stink's Corners
The bride wore a dress of heaven
’ with accessories in She carried a bouquet of
25c
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST

49c
No.
blue sheer
white.	, . ,	.	.
Premier roses and baby breath. The bridesmaid, Miss Gertrude Whvlen. sifter of the bride, wore a dress of rose crepe with white accessories, and carried a bouquet delphiniums and baby breath. The bestman was Mr Neil Wilson, brother of the bridegroom.
Alter a wedding supper served at the home of Mr. and Mrs Thos. Whelen, of Clarendon, the bridal couple left for a short motor trip. The -young couple will take up residence at Stark’s Corners.
•I
75c
Glass Measuring Pitcher Free
609 Drummond Medical Building
• • • •
Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE.
PLATEAO-63 8 8
35c
2 cans for
e •
25c
Clark’s Spahetti.
Heinz Catchup Special Sunkist Oranges
Shredded Wheat .....2 pkgs
Quarker Corn Flakes
Giant Vanilla....per bottle
Theimos Outing Jugs
• • •
10c
A. F. Fokes, Treasurer
Burial was at
D%. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
• •
• •
35c
9
For Miss Corrigan
Mrs. Clarence Brownlee and Mrs. Thos Harris were joint hostesses at a nicely arranged miscellaneous shower at the home of the former on Friday afternoon in honor of Miss Pearl Corrigan, one of this month's brides.
About fifty guests were present and the gifts were presented in a decorated wagon, drawn by the little Misses Barbara and Betty Harris. The rooms were prettily decorated with pink streamers and cut flowers.
Dainty refreshments were served by the hostesses who were assisted by several young ladies.
On Monday evening, July 10, Miss Corrigan was honored at another miscellaneous shower at the home of Miss Sarah Brown, Main Street, Sliawville, the joint hostesses being the Misses Amelia Smart, Alfred* Elliott and Mrs. Hilliard Sinclair.
About twenty guests were present and after the gifts were presented dainty refreshments were
served.
23c
p
j
15c
2 pkgs. for
12.000 Canadians Help Build Airplanes
BELAIR 3 267
25c
Excluding Canadian Associated Aircraft Limited which is engaged in assembling planes for the Brit ish Government, some 12,000 Canadians are now busy on the aircraft production programme.
More than 7,000 are employed in eight of the Canadian aircraft plants. The balance are busy in factories turning out components and equipment for aircrafts
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
$1.69
... gallon size..
# •
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING 180 METCALFE STREET
OTTAWA. -
PHONE, --7 961
ci
white
an
ONT.
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA. ONTARIO •
Farewell Party for Mr. Basil Foreman
On Wednesday night of last week a farewell party was tendered Mr Basil Foreman in Wilson's Hall by many Sliawville friends.
?Æ:«î» h,ti it .h
T. T. Beattie, Kathlee, M. Beilins,
unit of the C. A S F. .	Reg. Optometrist	Reg. Optometrist
During the evening which was spent in dancing. Mr. Foreman was presented with a sum of money, the accompanying address being made by Mr. Geo. Fades, In expressing his thanks Mr.- Foreman, a native of England, stated that lie had felt more at home m Sliawville than any -ide of the Atlantic an, leaving.
While in Sliawville Mr. b ore* i man became a very popular and valued citizen. He was sécrétai y of the. Buys Hand And Curling |
Club and was active in «porting and fraternal circles and his de i pa it lire has occasioned ; wide* spread regret.	\	.
Canning Supplies
Preserving and
Canning Racks, Preserving Pots, Mixing Spoons, Rubber Rings, Zinc Rings

Certo Memba Seal, Parawax, Sealers,
>
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS




A
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
IODE Gives Bomber To Air Force
Special Services

A new Bristol Bolingbroko twin-
till ill ss — •
l4 i SEF * ' "s
net. and hat a top .peed of 2U5	>	*
miles per hour when fully loaded.
^ representing companies
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through ,, Generation» -

ni a ce this j regrtit-ted
W. Vi. Hodgins, Lt’d

will he delivered
II. It. Whiting, B.A.,
iy
Quebec
Shawville
A


SHAWVILLE - QUE.
• *
!
Camp Meeting Committee


w*
###PAGE###2###

4
tal Phosphate, about 11 per cent, Available Phosphoric Acid, should be worked luto the soil very carefully. It is not readily available but becomes so as bacterial action Increases with the heating of the soil. “J. M. — York Co.".
as fertilizers or ashes, but should be applied with,care since it Is relatively high In Nitrogen and may
cause too growth.
Bone Meal contains from Î to S
cent. Nitrogen, 22 per cent, to-
British Tars Seize French Warship
it
Ottawa Takes
Over Circus
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
$>/*




much leaf or stalk

»

t*







.
Government
si
The Canadian^ is not going into the circus business, but it has a circus on its hands, says a story in the Montreal Star. It is not a large nothing like Ringling but, nevertheless,

, T



per
. r.



•<>

LESSON 111
JOB’S REPENTANCE AND RESTORATION—Job. 42: 1-13.
GOLDEN TEXT—And Jehovah turned the captivity of Job, whea He prayed for his friends. Job 42:
v.



«%
»
By William Ferguson
1
I This Curious world
.... i
circus Brother^ with considerable equipment, a flying trapeze with a man on it—a fat lady and various freaks, along with hotdog and pink lemonade equipment.
It appears that this outfit was being operated by Italians, travelling around the Maritime Provinces. The war caused the principals to be interned and the show taken over as a going concern, but not with the intention of keeping it going. Officially, it is in “custody."
»
10.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time—Probably in the Mosaic or pre-Mosaic age.
Place—The land of Uz, which was east of Palestine and north of Edom.
From studying this lesson we should tarry away one fundamental thought—that one’s conception of Gcd, one’s knowledge of God, is the most powerful single idea that can ever come into a person’s life, changing h's own attitude toward himselî, changing his attitude towards others, and giving him the noblest, loftiest, richest life possible for men on earth. When Job came to the right conception of God, everything in his life was transformed, and much that was once a mystery no longer remained such.
L
•tv
1
k


m
6

\
A
A


NORTH AMERICAN
i
i-



%
1»
2

ARE A/pRE OR. LESS CLOSELY RELATED WITH BIRDS OR THE
OLO WOfZLO,
BUT THE BIRD LIFE OF SOUTH AMERICA
IS MORE PECULIARLY A TYPE OF ITS OWN.
/z
a
*
Z
/



nows programs are daylight saving times.


V




#5

NOTES AND NEWS
Frank Blachford, who lias beau conducting Toronto Conservatory of Music examinations in Western Canada, will return to Toronto for a series of -Sunday evening broadcasts at 7:00 RDST. Mr. Blachford will direct an Instrumental ensemble at this period on the four Sundays in July, during the ah-sen ce from the airwaves of the CBC String Orchestra.
m


* :
. +
:
t
'/
f


%
I
» «
m
? ?
1 A

ft

'



k
m
r


m
?
!<

w
1ST
i





r
A
Job’s Revelation
After his experience of suffering, of great anguish of body, mind and heart, Job receives a glorious revelation of the power and wisdom of God as manifested in his authority over nature, a revelation which so overwhelms Job that at last he is forced to proclaim the glory of God and his own insignificance.
Job. 42: 1. Then Job answered Jehovah and said, 2. I know that thou canst do all things, And that no purpose of thine can be restrained. 3. Who is this that hideth counsel without knowledge? Therefore have I uttered that which I understood not, Things too wonderful for me, which I knew not.
Job here shows the position which just thoughts of God will induce a man to take, even when God’s dealings may be beyond his understanding. There had come to Job in the midst of his desolation, when all the props upon which he had leaned had gone, a vision of God which brought conviction thàt in the long issue no purpose of God could be frustrated.
4. Hear, I beseech thee, and I will speak; I will demand of thee, and declare thou unto me.
5. I had heard of thee by the hearing of the ear; But now mine eye seetli thee.
V

«•r* :.



T


S3

^ METER. C39.37^)
ONI WHICH THE /
METRIC SVSTEM If
J
mm
;Tli
I
A'

li
The NBC Blue network offers a new “Children's Hour" each supper time — with four programs specially styled for the young folk. First at five o’clock there Is Rocky Gordon — a tale the kids get a real kick from — then Malcolm Claire, of Chicago presents his program for the youngsters — next comes Irene Wicker, whom every younger fan knows — and then Gerald Holland plays the title role in the story of Bud Barton.
If you want something to occupy the children’s time while you ladles are getting the supper ready — dial in any Blue network station for “Children’s Hour."



' -

IS A DISTANCE
Biitish sailors aboard a former French capital ship were beneath the French tricolor in a southern English port, according to the British censor-approved caption for this cablephoto from LonSon. British action was taken to prevent the craft of France from being used against Britain—under Nazi direction.
OtstE TEN-MfLLtONTH\
OF THE DISTANCE FROM '
THE EARTH'S POLE ,
TO THE EQUAT&G./
(fkcm aowt >r to potfirr a *)
«•
(pi tm ev NtA siev.cf i,
RADIO REPORTER
MANY European birds ar# to be found, not only throughout most of Northern Asia, but In North America as well, owing t# suitable living conditions in both hemispheres. South America hag few singing birds, but prides itself on a plumage display second to none.
NEXT: In circus language what Is a tebra called?
By DAVE ROBBINS
daily broadcasts from Loudon, furnished by the BBC; regularly scheduled programmes presented by the CBC's own programme unit overseas, and special talks by recognized British and Canadian commentators, writers, military experts and governmental spokesmen.
On Sunday at 12:00 midnight, the
CBC further augmented these services from overseas with the first of the BBC News Reel broadcasts which are to be heard every 24 hours. This midnight bulletin will bring to Canadian listener» the very latest reports from London, -first-hand accounts of happenings I overseas and interpretations of international events by expert commentators.
Among the overseas broadcasts | already established on the CBC networks are the “BBC Nefrs" ser- I vices at 12:00 noon and 5:45 pm I daily. “English News Letter To Ca- I nada”, Thursdays at 8:00 p m. pre- I pared by the CBC. “With the I Troops in England", Mondays at ! 8:00 pm, also presented by the I CBC staff abroad; three talks a I week by Vernon Bartlett, entitled I “Britain Speaks" and scheduled on I Sundays, Tuesdays and Thursdays I at 11:16 pm, and a commentary on I “World Affairs" by Wickham Steed, I the eminent British journalist who I is heard Fridays at 11:15 pm. I A talk by J. B. Priestly, also en- I titled "Britain Speaks," will be I heard in the future on Mondays at I 11:15 p.m.	I
Remember, all times given on the I
NEWS OF BRITAIN
The news of Britain is the Immediate concern of the whole civilized world, the vital concern of the British Commonwealth of Nations. And because the people of Canada await hourly the news of Britain, the CBC has endeavoured tp present, with increasing frequency, news services emanating from the best possible sources, services bearing the stamp of authenticity and carrying the eye-witness stories of men whose integrity is equal to the task.
For months past there have been
i
Radio Highlights . . . Sunday . . . Revuedeville from CKOC at 2:80 . . . Canadian Grenadiers Band from CBC at 7:30 . . . One Man’s Family from NBC-Red at 8:30 . . . Glorious One, with Irene Rich, on the NBC-Blue network at 9:30 . . . Tuesday . . . Footlight Memories from CKOC at 6:30 ... Fun With the Revuers on the NBC-Blue chain at 9:30 . . . Glen Miller and his gang on Columbia at 10:00 . . . Canadian Snapshots via CBC at 10:30 . . . Thursday . . . Carson Robison and his Buckaroo» on CKOC at seven . . . Good News from NBC-Red at 8:00 . . . Strange As It Seems via Columbia at 8:30 . . . Stag Party from CBC chain at 11:30.
FOREIGN STATESMAN
HORIZONTAL
1 Edouard European statesman.
8 He Is an official of
13	Maritime.
14	One who delivers goods in trust.
Answer lo Previous Pintle
17 Part of type.
19 He is also of war (pl.K
21 Nothing.
25 Monastery room.
j
26 Company (abbr.). •
26 Armadillo. 29 Red flow*
31	Cravats.
32	Paragraph. 34 To requit* 36 Ribbon
ornament 43 Gazelle.
45	Courtesy title.
46	Half.
50 Lawyers'
did eat bread with him in his house: and they bemoaned him, and comforted him concerning all the evil that Jehovah had brought upon him: every man also gave him a piece of money, and every one a ring of gold.
12. So Jehovah blessed the latter end of Job more than his beginning: and he had fourteen thousand sheep, and six thousand camels, and a thousand yoke of oxen, and a thousand she-aases. 18. He had also seven sons and three daughters. It is one of the mysterious but indisputable experiences of men and women of every age that, when they become right wkh God, and are in true submission to God, with peace in their souls as well me upon their faces, somehow circumstances change, clouds lift, burdens disappear.
m »ji
His New Vision
13 To
disencumber. 16 Outer garment of an Eskimo. 18 To rebound.
20	Paradise.
22	Breakwater.
23	Ending for nouns.
21	Jaundice remedy.
27 Sea tale.
30 Useful.
33 Gaseous element.
35	Taro paste.
36	A little.
37	Pound.
38	Quadruped.
40	Ship term.
41	Behold.
42	Heron.
44 Distinctive
Job’s previous
experience of God had been second-hand; now he has come know God for himself, profoundly and intimately. We too have heard of God by the hearing of the ear, but we need to come to deeper things, closer things, with God.
6. Wherefore f abhor myself, And repent in duM and ashes.
And the new vision of God brought to Job a new vision of himself. The new language of Job was that of complete sub-misson to God, and in that submission of hie own greatness warn revealed and realized as nowhere else.

i
KING
s
LM
QWM-i
Form Notes..
theories.
46	To suffice.
47	Subsists.
49 Ear away.
52 A tally.
56	Being.
57	Form of “a."
58	Glacier deposit.
63	And.
64	His official title (pi.).
65	The present European affects his country profoundly.
VERTICAL
2	Amidst.
3	To bail.
4	Measure of
(A Department conducted by Pro-feeeor Henry G. Bell, of Guelph, me-elated by other members of the Faculty of the O.A.C.)
Q. Please let me know what value soot is to the ground, and how 1c should be used and when.
What value is Bone Meal for a garden, and how should It be used?
A. Soot contains about y% per cent to 6 per cent Nitrogen, 1.06 per cent of Phosphoric Acid and 335 per cent, of Potash. It can be worked Into the ground the same
area.
3 To immerse. charge* 6 Not suitable. 51 Person •
opposed.
7	Frightened.
8	Musical note. 53 Auto.
9	Cereal grass. 54 Single thin*
10	Wing-shaped. 55 Over,
11	Neither.
contraction 12 Blood money. 59 Whirlwind. U Pressure
measurement. 61 While.
15 His land Is a 62 North (Pi).
60 Railroad.
God's Rebuke
7.	And it was so, that, after Jehovah had spoken these words unto Job, Jehovah said to Eliphat t&e Temanite, My wrath is kindled against thee, and against thy two friends; for ye have not spoken of me the thing that is right as my servant Job hath.
8.	Now therefore, take unto you seven bullocks and seven rams, and go to my servant Job, and offer up for yourselves a burnt-offering; and my servant Sob shall pray for you; for him will I accept, that I deal not with you after your folly; for ye have not spoken of me the thing that is right, as my servant Job hath.
Carotins.
1
13
Canada Launches First Sub-Chaser To Aid Royal N&vy
am

y ; *	•> ~

*


5




22


$



\ '

m


WmSM
a

êmm
1.





&
i
A
* :


Wm$




f.
t
1
9.	So Eliphaz the Temanite and Bildad the Shuhite and Zophar the Kaamathite went, and did according as Jehovah commanded them: and Jehovah accepted Job.
10.	And Jehovah turned the captivity of Job, when he prayed for his friends: and Jehovah gave Job twice as mush as he had before.
The Lord blames the three friends for not speaking that | which was right concerning him, not concerning Job; he also commends Job for speaking what was right concerning him. The reference must be to theories the friends put forth in regard to God s providence and the meaning of afflictions. Job now is put in the place of intercessor 1 for the three, a profound humiliation for them, and an honor for him. They obeyed Jehovah at once, showing that they had learned and listened, as well me Job had.
Q6I

V.X
*
8

i



* >1 «
i
À sleek new submarine chaser, one of the new fleet being built for the protection of Canadian waters, is shown being launched at a Montreal shipyard. The ship will serve under the ensign of the British Royal Navy.
POP—Cause and Cure Provided
By J. MILLAR WATT
* «m#
RATTLES MAKE 9IJ6 S {
4/^L.

WHAT UARE- YOU TAKING I ALL THAT WHISKtr I ABROAD FO*. ?
I
it##?:

A COUOLE OF
»
sr+<
RAT T*LE* -
SNAKES!
I
, and wmat I .^are ythjI
Ü TAKING r

!
9
>&x I:
i
m

• A<
V
A

(i
#
H
l

*tr
</

Prosperity Returns
11. Then came there unto him ten, and all they that had been ter$, and all they that had been ef his acquaintance before, and


W

4«	mi i.
mm
m

t*.
mm

fh»	b» b4i. nim
1er #
###PAGE###3###
?•4*
German Soldiers, Prisoners in Canada, March To Trains On Arrival Here
FOCUS ON OGDEN'S
#
f
What Science j Is Doing j
- HAVE • YOU HEARD?
\
\
I
t\


f
m
ç<
I
*

If «

L a

fA


*
It's a super-satisfying Fine Cut—the star of the cigarette tobacco show!
Ogden's
gives a pleasure per- 1	\
formance all the time.	f
Get yourself a package and you're set for a “reel” close-up of greater enjoyment in rolling your own.

OXYGEN FOR PARACHUTISTS
A pocket oxygen flask to save fliers from almost certain
t
H
!
A cannibal, walking through the jungle with a pretty black girl, was met by a missionary, who wished him the time of day and then asked:	“Aren’t you
going to introduce me to the lady?”
“That’s no lady,” replied the eannibai.

;
it
i

R

1 :
war
death when they parachute from 25,000 feet was announced recently to the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
k
7

¥
i

m
4m
<
/
X
m


U -


"That's my lundi.”
X-RAY MOVIES
X-ray motion pictures have be-possibility with develop*
r
4

“You have such lovely horses.” Why don’t you ride them 7"
"Well, it's like this: at one end my horses bite, at the other end they kick, and in the middle they are too slippery.”
come a
ment of an ultra-high speed X-ray tube enabling the photographing of the inner structure of opaque objects moving at an exceedingly rapid rate or reacting to a strong sudden external force or blow.
Developed by Westinghouse engineers, the new glass tube makes possible the taking of pictures with
time of a millionth of

>

or "Yoga*”— sro good enough for Ogdm'k

f
Pipe-
Smokeri /— i Aik	J

for

Ogden1 i Cut Plug



Zb

•—O—
An enthusiastic gardener was >ery proud of his crop <*f monster red currants. Several of his gsidener friends, after admiring tiie fruit, advised him to send exhibit to the local horticultural show. After considering the natter, he took the advice of his friends and sent a fine plate of the currants.
On judging being completed and the awards announced, the entrant was greatly disappointed io know that his red currants had only secured third prize. He found out afterwards that a mistake had been made. They had been placed in the tomato class.
--©—
First African Woman: "So
your husband has left you
•gain 7”
Second African Woman:
Ye# He's up to his old
treks.”
1


'iP’jPP11' 1

an exposure . a second — less than one twenty-thousandth of the time required to

M
àP


-
poet
V


##





blink an eye.
¦
'.i

»
«y Jr
X
£(ÿf

an

COUGHING SPREADS CANCER
Violent coughing and muscle straining may spread cancer and infections throughout the body. The discovery is reported in the official journal of the American College of Surgeons, that apparently localized cancers or abscesses may actually he thrown, even to the brain, through the veins of the spine.

V
Æ
m



W Mmsmm



• *

w *
4-9
OGDEN'S
sheds at Quebec as soldiers, airmen, parr.-
The heavy tramp of German boots echoed in the train chutists and naval prisoners were loaded aboard the waiting trains, following their recent arrival upon
our shores.
H
FINE CUT
oil to the water when washing chamois gloves will prevent their becoming hard and stiff. The oil also helps to preserve the leath-
Q. How can I prevent mold from forming on jelly?
A. A few cloves put on top of the jelly will prevent mold from forming. A bowl of lime in the jelly closet will also prevent mold.
Electric Manure
Canadian National Railways Revenues
Modem
Etiquette
Some plants, like rice and clover, obtain their nitrogen from the air, mainly through lightning. This has made soil experts experiment with electric fertilization. They are trying now to multiply the nitrogen content in the soil and stimulate the growth of bacteria by applying high-tension electric currents to their fields. Previous tests with water having a email nitrate content increased it by 800 per cent. In the fertil-iznig experiments now in progress, a email plough is used to turn the soil, and the ordinary voltages used are stepped up to 15,000 volts. It is hoped that in time electric fertilization will eliminate expensive and tedious manuring.
er.
IODINE FOR CHILDBIRTH
A discovery that iodine makes human motherhood easier is reported. Small quantities of iodine were given to expectant mothers at the University of Oregon medical school. Some remarkable results were achieved. The women reported & greater sense of well-being before the babies were born. There were fewer abnormalities of labor during birth.
The gross revenues of the ail-inclusive Canadian National Rail-
BY ROBERTA LEE
ways for the nine-day period
June 30, 1940, wer ....$6,560,140
as compared with ....... 4,816,629
for the same period of 1939, an. increase
1.	When on vacation at a resort hotel, is it all right to speak to the persons who eat regularly at your table?
2.	What salutation should one use in a formal social letter?
3.	Is it customary to serve cream with after-dinner coffee?
4.	When playing cards for a worth while prize, and one’s partner makes an inexcusable blund-
isn't one justified in showing a certain amount of irritability?
6. When a guest ia refusing a certain dish that is passed, isn’t it rude for this guest to say, “Beans lor whatever it is) do not agree with me"?
6. Is “Bye-bye" an acceptable form of taking leave?
Answers
1. Yes, by all means do so. Your vacation will not be nearly as enjoyable if you do not. 2. “My dear Mrs. Watson," or, “My dear Mr. Young.” This is more formal than “Dear Mrs. Watson,” and “Dear Mr. Young.” 3. It ic not customary to do so. 4. Never. A good sportsman is always self-possessed and patient. 5. Yes, it is both rude and unnecessary. In fact, the guest should take a small portion. 6. preferable.
Canada Exceeds
Tobacco Records
Father and son were enjoying •n afternoon in.the country.
“Just fancy, William,” said the father, pointing around him, “at one time these fields were covered by the sea, and fish were swimming about on the very spot where we stand.”
“Yes, Dad,” said little William, suddenly stooping. “Took, here’s an empty salmon tin!”
——()—
“Mary, did 1 see that soldier’s arm around you?”
“Oh, Mother, you know you should never discuss the movements of the troops.”
—©- —
“I have checked up almost ‘57 varieties’ of places for a public speaker to park his hands,” writes Dr. John F. Cowan. “In pockets— trousers, coat, vest; upper pockets, lower, rear; hung by thumbs or ‘immersed’; hooked in vest armhole*; clasped across tummy ditto back; wadding handkerchief, and unwadding; clenching lapels of rcat; pounding desk; brushing head; slapping (camouflaged) at flies; full-arm gesture, half-arm, finger; pointing at audience; twisting mustache; finger-tips together uplifted; fumbling papers; pulling down vest; snapping, and, when not otherwise emphasizing the truth, sawing imaginary wood In the air.”
of
1,733.511 or 3 <5%
For the third successive year, Canadian tobacco production in 1939 exceeded all previous records. The revised estimate of 109,846.000 pounds was greater than the 101,394,600 pounds in 1938 by 8,451,400 pounds, or eight per cent, and was more than double the five-year (1933-37) average production of 51,463,800 pounds.
All 89 employes still with the League of Nations before June 30 were notified by Secretary General Joseph Avenol that they must resign. Officials reported he accepted all resignations except “two or three” pending the outcome of the war.
8HB8
*r,
HEALTH
TOPICS
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS...
• ¦ ¦

Barn Roofing—Granary Lining
grPERTlTE STEEL SHEETS COST lebs, cover more, last longer, lay faster, save sheathing. Buy now before war advances prices, direct from factory. Superior Products Limited, 15 Nelson Street, Sarnia, Ontario.	______
PHOTO FINISHING
BAKERY EQUIPMENT
CAUSE OF INSOMNIA
It would seem that the matter of sleep and relaxation is now the subject of much thought and conversation because, during the last few years and at present, more and more individuals are finding it difficult to get “sufficient” sleep.
A study of the sleep habits of 60 women who had recovered from ¦light mental or behavior disturbances and who did not complain of insomnia, were observed for three months in an observation hospital and reported by Dr. Louis J. Kar-Boeta. Cleveland, in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The period of sleep varied from to 8 hours. Age, temperament and diet did not seem to influence the amount or degree of sleep.
"On the other hand, excitement due to visits by relatives, arguments or disagreements with other patients or atendants, and holidays with the emotion or excitement that occurs at these times, were definitely to blame for breaking the regular rhythms of sleep.” Mentality “Can't Take It"
This shows that It is the nervous or mental side of us that just “can't take It." blows or disturbances and not so much the physical disturbances that prevent us from sleeping.
What Is the beet method of bringing on sleep? A good bed, a quiet room, and muscular relaxation — keeping arms and legs in a half bent position — are most important.
FREE! You Can Now Own
BAKERS1 OVENS AND MACH IN-ery, also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co.. 103 Bathurst St Toronto.
complete set of beaut'ful silverware absolutely without cost, manufactured and guaranteed bv International Silver Company, lou may have this complete absolutely free by sending your films to Imperial. Send an order now and receive complete particulars of this amazing offer. Six or eight exposure films developed and printed 25c, or 8 reprints 25c, plus your choice of a free enlargement in easel mount or free silverware. To get the best in quality and service send your film» to Imperial Photo Service. Station J., Toronto.
••
set
BABY' C HICKS
DOES FOR SALE
COCKER SPANIEL. MALE, 10 months $10.00. Foxhound male. 6 years $25.00. Foxhound pups. 8 months $10.00. Chas. Baker, Mer-rirkville, Ontario.
YOU RECEIVE THE WORTH OF your money when you buy Johnsons chicks. They are bred to lay and are good table fowl. Prices for June and to the end of the stesr.n: Rocks 8 cents, 90 per cent, pullets 14 cents, cockerels 7 cents. Leghorns 8 cents, 90 per cent, pullets 17 cents, cockerels 2 cents. All are blood tested. Rocks are bred from O.B.S. stock. Leghorns are the Barron strain. Safe arrival guaranteed. 10 per cent, with order. J. D. Johnson. Fergus, Ont.
“Good-bye” is
EXTERMINATOR
•‘DERPO’* BUG KILLER — 85c, Exterminates bedbugs, moths, cockroaches, crickets, fleas, lice, and ticks.
At Eatons. Simpson's, Tamblyns, local dealers or Deipo Products. Toronto.
TURKEYS
Checkers In Braille
TURKEYS THIS FALL AND WINter should share the good markets. Stock Dray's fast growing, maturing. day-olds or started. Attractively priced. Bray Hatchery, : :0 John N.. Hamilton, Ontario.
BUY QUALITY THICKS EASY TO raise, the stand-by or thousands of poultrykeepers year after year. Day old and started. Two hatches n week to take care of prompt shipment. Vigorous breeding stock. Seillng Farms & Hatchery, Elmira. Ontario.
Mr. F. H. Merrick, » blind checkers player, has invented an improved Braille notation to describe the moves of the checkers in correspondence games. It has been published by the British National Institute for the Blind.
HOSIERY BARGAIN#
Telephone subscribers in Sao 1‘aulo, Brazil, are listed in the Red Book under five planifications: name, street address, business or profession, post office box and automobile license number.
NEW! SENSATIONAL! TO-DAY'S BIGGEST BARGAIN. Leading Lady Genuine Silk Stockings $1.00. Full fashioned. Latest colors. Mention size and color. Postpaid, beautiful Vanity Case with order. Re-taltack. 156 Yonge. Toronto.
LYONS’
SUMMER ( IÆAIIAM K S ALE NEW AND RECONDITION ED FURNITURE
$21.00 Smart 3-pie.cc brown repp, Thesterfield .Suite, Marshall versible Spring cushions. Thoroughly clean.
$32.00 Large 3-pieee brown mohair Chesterfield suite. Figured rev r-sible Marshall cushions. Perfect. $12.50 3-piece Chesterfield suite in figured blue Jaquard. reversible spring cushions, thoroughly clean. $49.00 Beautiful large 3-picce bnwn mohair Chesterfield suite, ( 1 >*t new $350). Thoroughly clean and completely reconditioned.
$45.00 Kroehlcr Chesterfield bed suite. 3 pieces, upholstered in brown repp, figured reversible cushions. Complete with new m litres*. Perfect.
$14.75 Breakfast Suite, white trimmed with black, buffet, dror table and 4 chairs.
$39.00 Modern dinette «-uite. choice of finishes, buffet, drop leaf table and 4 chairs.
$45.00 Floor sample dinette rjjte, natural finish with red trim, rt fectory table, buffet and 4 chairs. $24.00 Solid oak 8-piece dining r >om suite, buffet, table and 6 leather-sent chairs.
$49.00 Largo English oak dining room suite, buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather up-bolstered chairs.
$59.00 Modern dining suite, it rich walnut finish, buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather seat chairs.
$69.00 Beautiful 2-tone walnut finish dining suite, completely refinished, buffet, extension tible, china cabinet and 6 leather slip-seat chairs. Perfect.
$89.00 Solid walnut dining suite, modern buffet, extension table. j»mU closed cabinet, and 0 leather seat chairs. Perfect condition.
$129.00 Beautiful large walnut «aile (cost new $475), buffet, extension table, china cabinet, and 6 chairs* upholstered scats and backs in red mohair. Perfect condltî'" $19.50 Bedroom suite, large w finish dresser, full size ste<
In walnut finish complete *vith new mattress and reconditioned sagless spring.
$39.00 Smart walnut finish bedroom suite, dresser, chiffonier, full sise bed. sagless spring and new mattress.
$59.00 Floor sample bedroom suite, in bleached walnut finish with round Venetian mirror and waterfall front, dresser or vanity, chiffonier, full size bed, eagles* spring sud new roll-edge mattress.
Luge assortment of vugs, staves, kitchen cabinets, wardrobes, dressers at ridiculously low price*.
All trade In furniture carefully reconditioned, guaranteed absolutely clean, and sold with our positive money-back guarantee of satisfaction.
4
4
re-
IT 18 NOT TOO I-ATE TO PURGE ase Baden Government Approved fast-maturing chicks.
Quality White Leghorns $6.95, 90 per cent Pullets $13.90, Cockerels $1.00. Barred Rocks, New Hampshire Reds $7.45. Pullets $10.85, Barred Rock cockerels $6.25. New Hamp cockerels $5.95, White Rock* Hybrids. Barred Rocks x New Hamps. New Damps x Barred Rocks, Light Sussex x New Hamps. White Leghorn x Barred Rocks $7.95, Pullets $11.35, Cockerels $6.25. Big Egg Quality hatched from 25 to 30 ounce eggs add one cent. Day old Bronze Turkeys 28 cents, two week old add five rents, three week old add ten cents. Free catalogue. Baden Kl-Ctrlc Thick Hatchery Limited, Bu- , den. Ontario.

LAMES WANTED
Standard
A FEW MORE LADIES WANTED: Must be convincing talkers to clearly explain advantages our Household necessities known as FAMILEX PRODUCTS offer to buyers. Already • selling in Immense quantities. Door to door canvassing necessary to show articles and take orders for same. GOOD COMMISSION. Unlimited earnings possible. Friends, neighbors. anyone will he glad to order. For FREE CATALOGUE AND DE. TAILS write FAMILEX, 570 St. Clement, Montreal.
French Algerian Soldier Make» Himself at Home in England
i*
I
F*
4
if
PERSONAL
QUIT TOBACCO SNUFF. EASILY, inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials. Guaranteed. Advice free Rertlelfs Rnv t. Winnipeg.
m
HERE IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY TO get High Quality Chicks from bloodtested breeders at ro«-k bottom prices. Standard Quality White Leghorns $6.45, 90 per cent. Pullet* $13.40, Cockerels $1.00. R*vr«d Rocks. New Humps, $0.96, Pullets $10.45. Cockerels $5.95. White Rocks. Hybrids, Barred Rk < x New Hamps. New Humps x Barred Rocks. White Leghorns x Barred Rocks, Light Sussex x New Humps, $7.45. pullets $11.45, Cockerels $6.25. I^arge Egg Quality from 25 ounce eggs add one cent, Bigger Profit add tw o cent*. Top Notch Chick crics, Guelph, Ontario.
••
#
#
.X
PROPERTY FOR SALE

How Can I?
COUNTRY HOME. « ACRES FRUIT land cheap, for quick sale, apply H. I. Mulligan, Grimsby Beach, Ontario.


J

;
BY ANNE ASHLEY
i
+

SALESMEN H ANTED
i
%
Q. How can I keep my needles shiny and free of rust in a damp climate ?
A. Keep the needles in an emery needle cushion.
Q. How can I remove iodine stains from fabrics?
A. Hub the stains with kerosene and then with naphtha soap. Allow to stand for twenty minutes, and then wash in the usual manner with more naphtha soap.
Q. How tan 1 make dark hair still darker?
A. Massage the scalp every night with olive oil. Persistent treatment is required for the best results.
Q. How can I cool an oven that has become tco hot while ba!: n ?
A. Merely set a pan water cn the lo vest oven.
MAKE $5.00 A DAY! SELLING Exclusive lines of Lingerie, Dresses and Men's Wear. Highest commissions paid. Thousands of satisfied customers. Write quickly. The MORRIS TEXTILES CO., Drummond Building, Montreal. ___________


f
BRAY SUMMER CHICKS, immediate delivery, others to order. Send for special Hat of hateh-Poultry-keepers are wise to the markets opening for them and buy accordingly. Size up your requirements and order now. Start-id pullets, cockerels available later. Bray, 130 John N.. Hamilton, Ontario.
SOME

!
FERTILIZER
PURE. UNLKACHtiD HARDWOOD Ashes for Fertilizer. One Thousand ton.
Stevens. Peterborough, Ontario.

FREE CIRCULAR. Geo.
nut
bed
l »
FI R MTU RE FOR SALK
GOVERNMENT
HIGH
QUALITY Approved chicks from bloodtested breeders at rock-bottom prices. Effective July 15th. Standard Quality White Leghorns $6.95, 90 per cent Pullets $14.40, Çockctels 11.50. Barred Rocks, New Ha nips $7.46. Pullets $1145. Barred Ro<k cockerels $6.95, New Hmnp cock-
breèds to chicks two iv.-k old Standard Barred Rv ks 911.45. 90 per cent. Pullets $14.45, cockerels $9.95. leghorn pullets $17.41». Three week old add three
l and smarted tur-cata login*.
Limit d, Fergus.
FURNITURE BARGAINS — FREE catalogue of new and used furniture bargains sent on request. All goods sold on money-back gi antee. Wholesale Furniture, D K., 466 Bathurst St.. Toronto.
1
uar-
ept.
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
erels $6 45. 19 other Nnoose from. Started
Used
New
of cold y he If of the
-
Day
Free
Hatch
f-cnii I • • ' •. • iv '
' I .
SPEC I AHZING IN REBUILT MOTORS, BOWER-UN ITS. Hydraulic Haleta. W Inehea,
Starters, Slag net on.
Radiator*
Gian* — Sallnfnvlloa Lei) Auto Parla, Dept. J.. Tore»to.
Tweddle
1 t •
Generator*.
Among the lost troops to be safely evacuated from Northern F:::n:u woe a number of French Algerian soldiers, one t f whom is shown hi re drinking tea on arrival in Kngland. Many of the e superb fighters ere
j^n j#-forming under General C har les de Laulle.
O. H gloves?
A. A tiding r. few diof j vf olive
ran I wnrh
Carburetor*, Service, or refued.
LYONS FURNITURE CO. 478 Yonge St. — Toronto
H it
ISSUE 29—’40
I
###PAGE###4###


ind perhaps afterwards.
“The other purpose is the one which has been outlined, namely that 01 obtaining registration of those who are available for training in Canada immediately and throughout the
period’.	.	, t
Indications are that voluntary organizations will be set up in each constituency, in addition to officials appointed by the government, to help carry out the
task of registeration.
Registrars and Members of 1 arllament have been deluged with offers of voluntary aid.
THE EQUITY
SHAW VILLE, JULY 18, 1940
SHUR-GAIN HOC CONCENTRATE
Hodgins Garage
war
How Can I Help Win The War ?
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
These are strenuous times for Canadians, each doing his or her best to assist Canada in its war effort, neverthe less there are times when the question is asked “What more can I do ? An easy and effective way to solve this problem has been suggested by D. Leo Dolan, Chief of the Canadian Travel
EEBErBtE ssstfu&r- i
saL-arrfî=rs z	t„srv: I c.	ri if K. %:
no new restrictions re8»rdl"8 entrX ^	H	Shur Gain 41 per cent. Hog Concentrate when mixed
srr.sr,s?ss.îrC?	-—-—-	I ->«.
tunity to spend happy carefree days in	H	will make this savins: possible.
this lovely land where neighbourly Qeclin;ng Rate of Birth»	I	por those who do not have	home grown grains,
SSSSS jtSSSSS =5EE2EHES::
sïinss;f s:,.iirs."z:=|iTuc shawville milling go., reg’D-
should become an important cog m the cconomic life and culture, studies | || I II I- UliniMiWi»	1
wheels of strife. Canada in the prosecu- 0f Northwestern university (Evans-tion of its efforts to bring peace and torli m.) sociologists indicate, justice again to the world requires vital The decline began in the Scandi-machines and equipment which must be navian countries around 1875, ac-purchased across the border. These	cording to Dr. William L. Bailey,
must be paid for in U.S. currency and	and has gradually spread through-	„ADRiq
to obtain these dollars we must sell	0ut the western nations. Today the	Regarding : Estate of Rlwin H arris
something worth their money, and what	birth rate is about half what it was	Armstrong, in his lifetime ol tne
more worthwhile is there than a vaca-	in 1375 in these countries.	m	Township of Clarendon, farmer
tion in Canada. The American tourist “if present tendencies continue,” Ap persons having claims against the dollar spent in Canada returns to the	Dr> Arthur J. Todd, chairman of the	&bove Estate are requested to file the
United States for the purchase of	sociology department said, “popula-	same *ith the undersigned forthwith,
materials and equipment. It creates tion will become stable some time more jobs for more people. Many of between 1945 and 1970. This should these people will, no doubt, then be result in an enriched^stahdard of able to enjoy our Canadian hospitality, living for more people.”
The Prime Minister and other pro- Children are progressively better minent officiate have issued cordial in- 0ff as the birth rate declines, Dr.
to residents of the United Todd pointed out. If they are born	New Star Calculations
^T%lB%JhaY'ooduc[ed% tS wmbe'wteTcarld tor%ur- ,^oraJhan 5,0M stars nearest the intensive and effective advertising cam- ther, the easing of pressure on the	> are oniy half or a third
esfirtt =%%%%% SS extez-z:	j^srsifss
sttiï srrstpIisrawstsrsut s-rstss
star, says Popular Mechanics. Be-of the systematic nature of the new correction, recalculation can be made without taking new observations of each star. The dis-does not affect more remote
I
Fop More Hog Profits
\
Used ears
and Trucks
A Choice Lot to Choose From
»
?
ion
?
\
x
situation
One—1938 —Chevrolet Coach
Two___1938—Chevrolet Sedans
One—1935—Chevrolet Truck, Dump-body One—1936—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
One—1934 —Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
we
\
Correspondence
NOTICE
J. L. HODGIN8
To the Editor
#
May I have the kind privilege of space to present once more a plea in behalf of the beautification of our Cemeteries here tion committee has done a fine job, and the cemeteries are a credit to
Many times,
Phone 64 J.
The rénova


H. a ROW AT,
Notary
Sbawville, Que
our community
visitors in town now remark on the fine appearance of our cemetery grounds as they pass up the Main Street. The well trimmed grass, the supply of water for plants and flowers, and the general trim appearance of the grounds add much to the beauty of ‘he West end of j the village. We have a man working full time from May till October, ; and with tools, equipment, etc., the cost of this.is about $250.00 a year.
To date there has been received by i the Treasurer an amount of $53.00 which leaves us much to be raised.
We therefore urge those who are present at the memorial service,
Sunday, July 28th, or friends of the community or at a distance to be as liberal as they can for this work of memorial for oar departed friends. All amounts given or sent to Dr Campbell, will be acknowledged by him directly and through The Equity.
We invite all to the Memorial manner on Service on the grounds, Sunday,
July 28th ac 2.30 p.m., when the the County of Pontiac : — guest speaker will be Rev, John L. | Nos. 20, Range 5 ; part 4 an.. Hodgson, of City View Church,	Range 7 : 30. 31, 32, Range 8; half 1G
Ottawa. The Shaw ville Roys' Bind	Range 9, and 25 and 2(5 North Range,
will furnish music. Anything done Parties found doing ho will be dealth to beautify the various plots for with as the law directs, the occasion will be appreciated.

ESTABLISHED 1883
COACH
»
INVALID
vitation
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
Phone SO
No Trespassing
NOTICE
he said
be used in power politics as an cuse for imperialism, actually the people won’t migrate and the standard of living must inevitably go
Plans for the registration of all down.”
Canadians having reached the age of 1G Refusal to migrate from crowded years were made known by Hon. James areas has been a political problem G. Gardiner, Minister of National War for centuries, he added. British unServices, in the House of Commons, employed, offered an opportunity Necessary organization has been created, to settle in Canada, refused to go. It is hoped that registration will be Actually, in the early days of col-completed by the end of August.	onization of this continent, people
Members of Parliament have nomin- were offered a choice between hang-ated legistrars and deputy registrars in ing and emigrating and some chose
their constituencies, and they in turn the former, will appoint deputy registrars in polling The three sociologists suggested subdivisions. The deputy registrars will several different causes for the depost notices of registration as soon as cline of the birth rate. Dr. Bailey the dates are fixed and will secure régis- calls it the result of “a fundamen-tration booths.	tal change in our culture-recogn.-
All persons are required to attend tion of a distinction between love registration booths on the given dates, and parenthood.” to answer questions (18 for men, 19 for j All three were agreed that inwomen) put to them by the députai creased urbanization had affected registrars. Answers will be written on (he birth rate, as has the economic registration cards. In cases were a depression since 1929. person is ill or incapacitated the deputy registrar may send an assistant to complete the registration at that person’s home.
If a person fails to register, In* or she
ex
Any person or persons found hunting, fishing, trapping or trespassing in any
the following Lots of land situated on Grand Calumet Island in
Complete Plans for Registration of all Canadi %ns
cause
The By-Laws of the Village of Shaw-ville prohibit the riding of Bicycles on the sidewalks of this Village come to the attention of the Council that this By-Law is not being observed Notice is hereby given that bicycles must stay off the sidewalks of this Village and anyone who infringes the provisions of this By-Law will be immediately prosecuted.
By order,
Tiik Municipal Council Village of Siiawvillk
It has
covery
stars.
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
By order,
JAS. A. CAUSWKLL & SON,
( )w tiers
Yours Sincerely,
ALEX F. POKES
July 20th, 1940
Clarendon School Board met on above date, present, Chairman Hodgins and
Commissioners Nurse, Wilson and y g Weather Bureau
The newly elected commissioner. Mr.	Expands Its Service
Garrett XVaUh, having subscribed to his The United States weather bureau Oath of Office.	has taken exception to Mark
The minutes of last meeting were read Tv.ain’s observation that "Every-and approved on motion ot Comr Nurse, ^ody talks about the weather but
Motion by Comr Wilson, that Comr noj)ody docs anything about it.' The Huist Hodgins be elected Chairman for bureau is doing something about it. the ensuing term.—Carried.	The bureau can't change the
Motion by Comr Nurse that following weather, but it is expanding its ef-tenders be accepted :	forts «0 make weather a friend rath-
Mr. Harold Beckett, painting of in- cr than en enemy of man. Just side if No. 1 School as per specific»- knowing what the weather is going tion, for the sum of $33.00. Mr. >>. t0 be 6 fcw hours in advance lessens It Beckett, punting of inside of No. 11 sometimes disastrous effects. School as per specification, for the sum instead of the usual twice-daily of $55.00. Mr. Marvin Thompson, weather forecasts, the bureau is exrepairing the different ScIioqIa as per pending its services to four times specification, for the sum of 30 cents daily. That, officials said, will hiper hour while on duty, he to provide cieasc the accuracy of forecasts, his own conveyance—Carried.	which already are 90 to 95 per cent
Motion by Comr Wilson, that a rate correct, of eight mills on the dollar be and is The bureau plans to increase the hereby levied on all taxable property in number of reporting stations. These this School Municipality, to defray the ncw stations, as well as many old expenses of this School Board for the Nation centers, will have new equip-year 1940 41—Carried.	ment perfected by bureau scientists
Motion by Comr Walsh, that any to increase the efficiency of weather refugee children attending any of the forecasting.
Schools under the jurisdiction of this Probably the greatest advance in Board, be admitted free of charge, up to weather forecasting has been the and including grade seven. The highei j expanded use of an improved radiogrades are already filled to capacity ( sonde equipment. These miniature
broadcasting stations, weighing only a few pounds, are sent up attached to a balloon.
As they ascend they send out a radio signal indicating such things as the temperature, wind velocity, humidity and barometric pressure at various altitudes. Some rise as high as 10 miles before the balloon bursts and the radiosonde falls back to earth.
Radiosonde reports have proved especially valuable to aviators. They also enable the bureau to make accurate and longer range
Public Notice
V
Province of Quebec Municipality of the Village of Shawville
Pvulic Notice is hereby given to ;ill proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this municipality that the revised valuation roll made by order I of the Council of the municipality is deposited in my office, where it may be | examined by the interested parties | during thirty days from I during which lime any ratepayer inI terested, may, in writing, complain of i such roll, which will be taken into consideration at a regular meeting of the council to be held on September 3rd, 1940, at 8.00 p.m , at the usual meeting
place of the council.
Given at Shawville, Que., this 10th day of July, 1940.
" H. C. ROWAT,
Sec.-Titas.
^T2
- J- -
Cj®oii4
Indian Battle Site Marked
Among the interesting features of will be punished by a fine of $200.00 or the Lava geds National monument
imprisonment for three months or both, V California are the battlefields of with an additional penalty of $10 a day the Modoc * ar, fought in 1372-73. for each day elapsing between the close	include “the stronghold,"
of registration and the person’s registra- whcre may be plainly seen numer-
tion or trial.	?	ous cracks, ridges and knobs uti-
A fine of $100.00 is provided for re ljzed by Captain Jack and his band fusai to answer any registration of Indians jn defending their posi-question asked ; a fine of $200.00 ^Qn against United States troops, or three months’imprisonment or both I ^Qt‘ more (ban 53 Modoc warriors for giving misleading answers ; and a *jre estimated to have represented fine of $200.00 and imprisonment for the resources of the Indians. These any person advising any citizen to re- fighting men of the tribe protected fuse or omit to comply with the régula- j the remainder in the area against lions or impeding any officer in carrying 530 soldiers. Although they escaped out the regulations.	unharmed from the stronghold
All persons will lie given registration trough a crevice left unguarded certificates, which they will have to durjng the movement of the troops, carry with them at all times. Penalties the Indians were later brought to are provided for refusal or failure to lermSi produce certificates on demand. Other penalties are provided by the Registration Act for the protection of both the State and the people.
In the words of Hon. James G TJardiner, registration of all the people of Canada will serve two purposes, "the first one being to get a complete picture of the conditions existing with respect to man power and woman power in Canada today, with regard to where they are, their background and their con ditioo of health. All information of that kind would be required, and it will be made available not only to the Department of National Defence, but to all departments of government—old age pensions, health, and so on. This information can be used for difierenf purposes in connection with the care of our population during a period of war,
«y
this notice,
AS AN OCEAN BREEZE
Wilson’s Garage
r
Ik

The Same Reliable Service
—Carried.	...	,	,
Motion by Comr Wilson, that the
Secretary order one dozen No. 1 desks. —Carried.
Motion by Comr. Hobbs, that tenders he asked for caretakers for all Rural Schools and also for the Shawville
Tenders to be in the


A
r,

I
Prize Fish Story Abner Roe, a prominent. Izaac Walton of Washington, D. C., has verification for the prize fish story of the year. Bass casting on the Potomac river, Roe was frequently annoyed because his line was snubbing on subsurface roots and other obstructions. One especially vigor-cast placed the plug close to shore. As Roe attempted to reel in, the line grew taut. He had hooked a redhead duck through the fleshy part of the wing. The bird had been crippled and was unable to fly. Next season, Roe says he’s ' going to take his rod and reel with him when he goes duck hunting “If 1 can’t shoot 'em, I can hook 'em," be believes. ____________________
»
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service

/
ilî^5
High School.	,
hands of the Secretary by August 3rd,
194<V—Carried.	, _ .
On studying the results of Grade 10
the Scholarship offered by this Board was found to have been won by Master Wallace Vaodray, of Waltham, Que. The scholarship is equal in value to the fees he would be required to pay in the next advanced grade.
Meeting then adjourned.
Ford Service

Shell Sealed Cas & Oils

ous
J. P. Wilson
more
forecasts. They are more dependable, in that the balloons can be j in weather which would keep airplane weather observers grounded.	j
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
j pli me 40
Carling Breweries Limited MONTREAL
sent up
J. A Dean,
Sec. Treas
C20I
I
###PAGE###5###
Results of June Examinations Grade 10 Sttawville High School
In Memoriae
Cambpell—In loving memory of John Henry Campbell, who was burned to death on July 1939.
The call was short, the blow severe,
To part with one, we loved so dear, But it was God who willed it so,
When He commands we all must go.
Father, Mother, OTOBR8 and Sisters
Service Announcement
HAWVILL3 United Church Rkv A. P. Pokes B. A., B.D. PAlter
Academic Course
Maximum mark 1,000
The Equity
Chesterfield Suites
and Couches
935
Wallace Vandray, Gilbert Kilgour, Phyllis Dahms .. Helen Neville ..
Cheslyn Horner.....
Ronald Dean.
Myrtle Hobin.
Bstabllibed 18*3
PUHUSFII6D KVKHY THURSDAY
SHAWVILLB, QUEBEC
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Canada To United States...
809
Sunday, July 28 11.00 a.m.—Service at Shawville
AT
808
• •
• •
• • • •
708
...	692
2 00 p in.—Memorial Service in tbe Shawville cemeteries; Guest preacher,
Rev. John L. Hodgson, of Cityvtew United Church, Ottawa ; Shawville Boys’ Band in attendance.
7.45 p.m.—Service at Starks Corners
The afternoon service at Zion and the Winnipeg, Man., July--When a piece evening service at Shawville is with- of equipment is removed from a Trans-
,bi. 9—r.
repair base of the company, it is tagged with Ja yellow Itag which means “un-Rkv C ARMSTRONG SALEM, B.D. serviceable” and sent to whatever shop
: s:wsa Vv. ».	zzn
Montreal.	left in a part it is destroyed.
Monday, August 5th	Each shop keeps a history card on
Supper ftora 5.30 p m every piece of equipment in its depart*
----	-	ment and each part has a company
number. Detailed information is available regarding every part from the day it enters service.
# e # # #
691
614
Br
• • •
$1.50
General Course
Maximum marks 800 (900) ...	612
# #
2.00
Green Means Go lor Equipment In T.C.À. Shops
Helen Clemmens-----
Clifford Hahn......
Helen Walsh ......
Lloyd- Cone .......
Catherine Woodley .
Hildred Hanna......
Alwyn Dale.........
Lome Storey........
Laura Harris.
Earl Garrety.......
Keith Hodgins......
Percy Way..........
587
must be paid in full Is discontinued
W. G. COW AN, PUBLISHER
All arrears before any paper
This month we are featuring
' New Chesterfield Suits and Couches
569
..	567
• •
539
• e
e \
538
520
Bristol United Church
512
Civic-Owned Tree Areas Prove Good Investments
f people laughed—bo the records say-when the city fathers of Newington, N. H., decided in 1710 to purchase a “community forest — 110 acres from an uncharted wilder-
509
Owing to the increased demand for the above
have replenished
508
491
mentioned articles, we
stock with new designs.
477
• e • • •
• •
our
Rails Bay Mach Steele
Of expenditures made by railways in Canada and the United States during a year for materials and supplies—including fuel—thirty six percent goes for iron and steel products.
H^That was America’s first community forest. It proved so successful that since then hundreds of cities have purchased similar wooded tract*. They have been among the moat profitable investment# these
cities have made.
The Newington forest has continuously served the community for 230 years. It has supplied the city with materials for building the village church, the parsonage, town hall,
bridges and fuel to heat public
^Reports compiled by the United States forest service indicate that ,.500 commun»,
fillings, are of the and each detail of con*
Anniversary i Adults, 35 cents ; Children, 25 cents
All materials including
highest quality struction is executed with good taste and
ANGLICAN
Sunday, July 28
$67,60
St. Paul’s
skill. 3-piece chesterfield suite
///////////////////////////////
10.00 a.m.—Sunday School
Morning Service Withdrawn
Community Memorial Service in the
200 p.m.
v
The Hodgins Lumber Go.
\
H
Village Cemeteries at Ouest speaker, Rev. J. Hodgson, of of City view United Church, Ottawa.
x
\
“Chrome Drop Back” Couches-The Chrome
entirely naw feature on
1
7.30 p.m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
11.00 a.m.—Holy Communion
St. Luke’s Services Withdrawn
\
a
arms are an couch of this type, giving it added attrac-
colourful
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
X
\
the
\
Upholstered in
\
acres" ^or^thTn'U.OOO.OOO trees have been planted in these locally owned projects, the service said.
President Roosevelt is one of the most ardent advocates of commu-
In the foreword of a
x
tiveness. cretonnes and repp fabrics.
x
X
$14.60 to $18.50
Pulpwood Wanted
ni tv forests.	,	w
forest service publication on community forests he said he hoped their number would be increased.
“Community forests are an old and popularly accepted part of forest conservation." Mr. Roosevelt satd^ “They have helped for many years to reduce local taxes by yielding
profitable timber crops.
“They have also provided other benefits, such as watershed protection, outdoor recreation, shelter for birds and beast and permanent jobs through the sustained Pro^uc* tion of cord wood, posts, telephone poles, railroad ties, pulpwood. Christmas trees and logs for lumber.
“More of our communities could profit economically, socially and spiritually by ownership and operation of their own forests close at home. Developments of such local forests would be an important step in the rebuilding of our nationa resources and would provide additional outdoor playgrounds for the chi! dren of America."
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood. F O, B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick-up by trucks Phone or write,
J.;M. ARGUE, Shawville, Que.
Phone 27

\

\

Phone 76


X

Ttpfw.
\

the HODGINS LUMBER COMPANY



\

....
-,.....+++**£&>
\
X

x
y.<
».'X7

X
Relic of Ancient Maya
Dated to Year 291 B. C.
of the oldest dated
X
X

X
X
.V^AÇA

Quebec

Shawville,
x
X

x
“tl Jl	npucf

?'v
A duplicate	A
object ever discovered in the Americas, a heavy stone tablet bearing Maya symbols discovered about a year ago near the village of Trez Zapotes in Vera Cruz, Mexico, has been placed on exhibition m Explorers Hall of the National Geographic society in Washington, D. U.
The original stone, which was discovered by an expedition sent out , by the society under the leadership O. Matthew W. SW M

«
»,
k
k


»

9?
V

DALE’S TINSHOP
r- •









TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Drop Side & Sliding Couches fancy cretonnes upholstering. The real thing for
your home or cottage $12.50 to $13.50
Simmon s
The largest community-owned
mm#
srr .s hvsr,. ‘r
$1,000,000 worth of timber.

the National museum City. The cast was made there.
The group of Maya numerals on the face of the tablet, as interpreted by Stirling and his colleagues, record a date corresponding to November 4, 291 B. C. This date was linked with the present day calendar by use of the “Spinden Correlation, formulated by H. J. Spinden of
Brooklyn museum.
Another correlating systern j worked out by J. E. Thompson and , Thomas Gann, fixes the corresponding date as November 4, 31 B. u. However, using either system the date established is approximately 200 years earlier than that on the Tuxtla statuette, hitherto the oldest ¦ known dated object discovered in 5». New world. Thi,	1
«V
«

<
'
*

P-U-M-P-S
o
Camp Cots and Mattresses
Round tubular steele frame]witb heavy angle folding spring base. ] >„Cotl and mattress
complete......................

We are carrying a large stock of Beatty Pumps and Parts for every purpose, all at a price to suit you. this stock and save money.

Disease Catching Ages
The acute communicable diseases have always been a matter of considerable concern to school authorities because of the relatively high | incidence of these diseases in children of school age. More than 50 per cent of the reported cases of four of the common communicable diseases—scarlet fever, whooping cough, measles and diphtheria—oc-between the ages of 5 and H years, writes Dr. Ernest L. Steb-bins in the New York State Journal of Medicine. With the tendency toward concentration of educational facilities into larger units, it has been assumed that there has been an increase in the opportunity for exposure to infection. Fortunately, effective > control measures have been developed for one of these diseases which has more than offset the greater possibilities of exposure, and there has been a consistent
in the incidence and mor-from diphtheria in the school i M.jj
well as in younger ]	_
+
»
A
Call in and see
$7.00
LESLIE DALE

the National museum ton.
$2.75
cur
Baby Cot Mattress
Quebec
|	Shawville,
luEiaaeiWBiBEiEiBBmB/eiaMMBisrBic
Mexican Live ‘Corpse’
When a medical student at the anatomical institute of University of Mexico City touched the
mmm
most collapsed^as his. subject ex-
rrnininr" » » »	he'"rèmêmbered%as drmldng^to
Cemetery Donations	hf™w«!“X™
Acknowledged 1
I
s
.TXT^rXTXTi.TiTiT^Tiî
MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
decrease tality age group as children.
• •
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves

I I
I
SPECIALS
i
1	i)01 had to be carried to the hospital on
2	00 a stretcher.
A.G. F. A.
Roy G. Fraser
Gifts, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886
Previously acknowledged------
Mrs. Samuel Sinclair.........
Cecil Sinclair, .............
Mrs. James Wilson,...........
C W. Hodgins, Timmins.,.. Dr. Alf. McRae, Ottawa.
W. Caldwell, Ottawa..........
Mrs. E. J. Titus, Like Wood,
N. J.....•
$ 32 00
1 00
Flowers,
I
Libby’s Porl^ft Beans 3 CM 27c ICoffea, London Route, glass jar 57c K tovalt Jelly taker ptp* 15c | Salad Dressing, a-umoz. 40c
Certo, per bottle Parawax, 2 lbs...
Serviettes,
I
FILMS
I
5 00
Phone ISO
Trees Retain Sap
ISilf
says that winter-cut logs weigh no less than summer-cut logs, which
mmsm
below him, the unusual or suspi and flows rapidly. As the season cions which rosy hide enemy pie progresses the flow of the sap defence. He hits ell the know lege	and at the same tune the
of a pilot, phis matters of lus dis sugar content goes down. tinetive, important field.
5 00
is “ 25c
2 00
« «
30c
4 4
i
ALL SIZES
17o
25c
• "
4 «
4 I
4 I
5 00
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in
• 4
colored 15c	Wheat Sidling» iwi*g $1.75
15c	Moulee Provender,
Coffee, fresh ground, p* ». 39c I 5 bag lots.........
white or
GUARANTEED
On
Observer is Versatile
vite your patronage, orders of $1.00 or over, phone
On orders of
$1.35
« 4
• •
$1.25
us collect.
$5.00 or over phone us collect
THE CORNER STORE
and we shall prepay.
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Phene anytime between 7mm
and 11 p.m.

Main and CentreSts
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
%
###PAGE###6###
/jQneat£*ie*ft Qood
Refugee Children Need Adjustment
Canuck Soldier Off To France Gets A Mouth-Organ



I
Montreal Mental Hygiene In- _ etltutc Official Warns of The Heavy Strain Child Evacuees Are Under
t
®o/de„
corn
i
of environment under
Change
emotional stress subjects refugee children to an unusually heavy strain, in the opinion of Mrs. W. T. B. Mitchell, director of the educational program of the Montreal Hygiene Institute and a member of the executive of the newly-formed Quebec Provincial Council of Home and School.
“The satisfactory adjustment of refugee children io their new environment in Canada demands a careful correlation of home and school with the various institutions in the community which are interested actively in child welfare," she declared.
“However well intentioned the parents are, good intentions alone cannot take the place of intelligent know ledge and understanding. This Is particularly the case with strange children who enter homes under emotional stress such as will be occasioned by their removal from Great Britain to this Dominion.
PROVIDE SUITABLE
environment
“It should be the duty of parents and particularly foster parents, to take advantage of all organizations In the community whose programs ___ directed towards providing suitable environmental conditions and child guidance. With lntelli-

SiÈ
m


£xdulio+	Sfioui
PS 24
thoroughly into our îultonal

CONTACT WITH THE EARTH It is small wonder then that In such times of stress men and wo-have always found a healing
ven so
economy that It Is not reasonable to believe that they will or :*n he reduced below the level o? their necessary contribution to nation il
efficiency under any tomtit ions
hasard the oelief
that the war economy will increase rather than reduce the Density for motor vehicles, although Hi** kinds of motor vehicles r-l'iired may be changed.

"•S.



men
and stabilizing solace in gardening — a sense of security that may be unreasoned but is none the H is effective. Such a solace is not “escape," It is the fundamental reas-that comes from intimate contact with fundamental things. It goes back farther and roots deeper than the upheavals wrought by all
horseback.



"1 would even
P1S8

l
eurance

i
as


A Tug-of-War
To Bring Rain
of history's men These have come, but they hate gone; and the grass roots that a ¦urging tank crushes beneath its yacks remain, and will be growing green again when the steel plates rust and the driver has long lain
on
m
Ï vig 3f-
at Mandalay fw ^	—to
Thf / ?>€•
Burmese girls htJd a
war
bring about a storm lieve that ill-lud; betels any year when no rain falls imme Lately before the Thingyar,
water throwing festival.
*

forgotten.
Those who have gardens, who have had personal experience of this soul and nerve mending contact with earth and growing plants, need not be told these things. And others, seeking something to turn to tor a measure of relief and of reorientation In these dark days, will discover them, in ever-increasing numbers, as time goes by. And working, with nature, to create something of beauty, something of usefulness, Is the oldest and still the surest anodyne In an atmosphere of well-nigh universal destruction.

¦v..	.


Burmese


Lady Astor, American-born member of the British parliament, hands a mouth-organ to a Canadian eoMier as he sails for France—one of the first contingent from the new world to join the B.L.r. he didn t 4laj in France long. These Canadians had barely reached France when news of the armistice forced tvacu-
âtkyii of the B.E.F.
•re
Lock Your Car
proper ¦
gent guidance, a developing child not only can but will learn to consider the rights and privileges of others as of equal importance with his own; he will learn to be socially co-operative and contributive; he will develop self-expressive, creative interests and activities; he will learn to tackle the daily problems and difficulties he meets with Intelligent planfulness, efficient skill
i Montreal
tlea'vh for
Thi.« ifl an say1
A joy ride in a stolen automobile ended in one of the occupants, unpleasant reminder,
Canadian Police Bulletin, t.i'it the joy riding season is at ha:; i and that there are quite a few youths who are not above seizing any parked auto for the purpose remedy is for motorists ' J their cars when they leav-s the streets.
prevent theft and * " hap.% life.
SCOUTING...
He proposed in a motion at a committee meeting last week that School Superintendent Arthur L. Gould be instructed to issue an order advising the teachers and pupils that split infinitives are all right
"Too often," he charged, "language is taught by a met of rules, rather than as a means of conveying thought."
The committee, however, declined to immediately act on his motion.
VOICE
the
One hundred Scout* and lead-representing six different troops of the Parkdale Area of Toronto paid their annual weekend visit to the 16th Troop of Buffalo, N.Y. Part of the programme was a sight-seeing tour, after which the Canadian boys joined the American Scouts in decorating he graves of Buffalo’s war heroes.
OF THE
PRESS
era
!
One
NOT MUCH FUN
Hints for motorists : Watch the yed lights, the intersecting afreets, tfce level crossings, the car in ftront and the car behind. After liai they can enjoy the scenery.
—Ottawa Journal.
ock
them
Car Industry Will Change
and perseverance.
The pre-:* iUon
on
may
save
“Nut” Drivers Found Menace
*

Chrysler President Says New Tax Will Alter Type of Output in Canada
A field day programme for Scouts of the 1st Brant (School for the Blind) Troop of Brantford) was surprisingly like that of Scouts with all their faculties. Each patron ran a mile, using “Scout’s pace” (alternately walking and running so many paces). They erected a flagpole using five Scout staves and only four ropes, deciphered a message in Morse and treated a patient whose injuries were detailed in the mess* and finally built a fire and
MAY STILL SNORE
At Pontiac, Mich., a court has granted a petition of a minister forbidding members of his congregation from rattling papers, whispering or making faces at the preacher. Apparently it will sti*.l be in order to sleep, snore or •ough.
ffmbUStityid.
Quebec Speed Laws Changed
Ousting Urged; 16,000 Lives A Year Could Be Saved In The United States, Is Claim
John D. Mansfield, president of the Chrysler Corporation of Canada. Limited, said in Windsor last wetk he believed the automobile Industry would be able to adjust itself to conditions arising out oi the new taxes on motor cars and maintain the volume of business re
Motorists Must Now Use Own Discretion on Open Roads
Lives of the 15,000 persons killed In traffic accidents in the United States each year might be saved if “nut drivers" were eliminated with meptal tests, the American Medical Association was told at its convention.
Agreeing with popular opinion, Dr. Lowell S. Selling, of Detroit, Mich., reported that mental examinations of traffic offenders In the recorder's court of that city showed that many of them had just about enough sense to turn a steering wheel and step on the accelerator.
The tests made on persons haled into court Include a physical examination and tests of reaction time, Judgment of speed and distance, and color blindness. In addition, the offenders are submitted to menial tests, he said, and required to give their entire history in order to obtain their intelligence rating.
“When intelligence is rated below normal a driver Is obviously not competent to drive, no matte 1 how well he may react mechanically,” Dr. Selling declared, because his Judgment in an emergency Is to be faulty. As a result many licensee of drivers are cancelled.
mzk
St. Thomas Times-Journal.
Quebec motorists are allowed to use their discretion In the matter of speed when travelling on hardsurfaced highways where there are dwellings or buildings, as the result of an amendment to the Motor Vehicle Act passed by the Legislative Assembly but “an unreasonable speed," is forbidden.
IN BUILT UP AREAS
The bill which is now operative, also forbids a speed in excess of 60
miles an
roade to which dwellings or buildings have access.
Motorists may travel at 40 miles per hour on mountain roads or on gravel roads affording good visibility In a straight line, but must also ¦low down to 20 miles per hour on winding mountain roads, on curves, In commercial districts, in front of sohools, at Intersections and at the level railway crossings. It is forbidden to pass on a curve or when climbing a steep hill.
SIGNALLING REQUIRED
Specific rulings will also be enforced in connection with signals.
The bill states:	.
“Every driver of a vehicle desiring to stop, slow down or turn on the road must make the following
signals:
Left turn: place the arm horizontally; right turn: place the forearm upwards; stop or lessening of speed place the arm downwards.
Every driver must stop at every place where there is a stop sign.

THE HARDY PIONEERS
Pioneer life in Western Ontario
continual
QUired.
His statement follows:
“It is too soon to say with assur-what the full effect of the new-
age,
boiled a pint of water. The afternoon’s activiteis ended with s campfire and singsong.
no
120 years ago was a blitzkrieg against woIVes, bears, famine, sickness, or cold. When have become as hardy as they we shall fear no invader.
—London Free Press.
after rolling 20, you not satisfied the" they are smoother and better cigarettes, we w! i cheerfully refund the L purchase price. A
an ce
budget will be on the operations of the automobile industry. I have every confidence, however, that the Industry will be able to adjust Itself to the new conditions and to maintain the volume of business necessary to efficient operation.
“Industrial and commercial motor transportation have been
are

were
In formally thanking Ottawa Boy Scouts for services rendered during the recent big Tri-District Conference of International Rotary held in the Capital, Conference Secretary Norman G. Foster declared, "we would feel incap-abb of handling such a large crowd without the assistance of
the Boy Scouts.”
• • •
A composite troop of Kingston, Ont., Scouts joined some 200 American
Lewis district for a "Camporee” at Grass Point State Park, N Y. The Camporee was one of a series of international Scout get-togethers of the adjacent border districts which began last year on the occasion of the
fvisit of Their Majesties.
$ $ $
Timmins, Ont., Rover Scouts, under the direction of the police, proved so efficient in handling traffic during the recent Nortb-Ontario Scholastic Track and Field Meet at Timmins that Chief of Police Gagnon is formulating plans for regular use of the older Scouts in handling the town’s traffic problem. This probably will include directing traffic at the city’s main intersections on Saturday evenings.


WORKING FOR EVERYBODY
Next time the income tax folks §mk us who we are working for
i shall tell them for the instal-mt men, coal dealer, two banks, _ insurance company, an automobile dealer and the rest of the Mme for the groceryman.
hour on hard-surfaced
The TASTE ST my to Smoking Ptew re
WO-
By Fred Ne.x»r
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
MM

Brandon Sun.
vy
M if®
^ PVrx ^
Say» It’s Permissible To Split Infinitives
Scouts of the Jefferson
week-end
y
School Committeeman Joseph Lee of Boston, Mass grbool children and teachers in Boston should be permitted So ip lit infinitives "any damn way

z

0
thinks
?
> *
sure

•t
P
k
*
4
f
• •

Solace Found In Gadening
* #
fey wish.”
V,
m
y
/

Seek Travel Permits

Nature to
Working With Create Something of Beauty
r
•/
• •

m
&
ern
a

e '
y*

A

m
» ê1
V
r,«
These are times that try men's souls — and faiths. Ideas and ideals which for centuries have seemed solid as stone dissolve and disap* almost overnight. The mind is

* v
LI I '**

'æ m
</iV

IA
,
/«


<
No More Coffee
For Italian People
pear
left groping for any realities that will endure; for any fundamentals that remain unshaken, says the
New York Times.
In such an emergency with the earth, with the cycles of growing things which follow patterns that remain unshaken even when capitals are stormed and civilizations are over-turned, assumes importance, offers an anchor
tf/v

»

fa
m'ÆikU


u.
’
World Population
Increases Yearly
Coffee i# no longer available to Italian civilians, it was reported in a broadcast picked up in New York.
Only the armed forces and hospitals continue to receive supplies of coffee, which are imported. Next to wine, coffee is the basic beverage of the Italian people.
Jl(l
contact
<v
According to the figures of the League of Nations, the average annual increase in population in the world ia 30,000,000. Other estimates are 20,000,000 a year.
1W kf Titi
“Just think, dear, no work for two weeks!!"
a new to sanity.
i
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—The Art Critic
ll
qoiNC/CC.MG/CONE./
a OLD TO THE LITTLE_
GENTLEMAN IN FRONT FOR FIVE CENTS./
TAKE IT, SONNY/.
I
ij X WOULDN EVEN I GIVE TOU FI ' CENTS 0 FOR IT- I WOULDN'/
NOW WHAT TAM t OFFERED FOR THIS BEEYOOTlFUL _ WORK OF ART WORTH ( ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS *
f x'll tell YOU 1
how x qor nr/ E
f I SNEAKED INTO (P THE AUCTION AN' VI THE MAN SAID



<

m


&
a#a
t
• •••
¦ ¦ » • ¦
,#####
m»	»••••#• •
u •

9 J|
9 9

ms
ETi

• ¦Mi Mil
# a • s
###*

i sill ####•«#

1 ,


• •
i * • • •
• ¦
/rV
A
x %
\
V $4
A
>
i

A
I





•Ml
E
1 w


F
I.
I
y-W
i
0

A scene outside the passport office in Westminster, London, as Britishers awaited permits for children and relatives seeking to travel to Canada. The government ta arranging to evacuate hundreds pi children to the dominions.



U
\
i
!

m
</l.


é
t
V

I

2-1
4
\


###PAGE###7###
Newest Sheets Boast Pockets
There's DOUBLE , ENJOYMENT
Handy Hints
Book Manners Are Suggested
Boy* Enjoy A Moment Off Anti-Sabotage Duty
To remove whitewash from a ceiling, dissolve one pound of alum ia gallon of strong vinegar. Apply
in delicious . . . .

To Make Them Fit Your Mattress Perfectly and Save Any Wrinkling
i
one
with brush, let soak In well and scrape and wash as usual.
Use Bookmark Instead of The Turning Down of Pages; Do Not Deface Library Volumes
DOUBLEMINT GUM


wm

i
w.

Always keep flour in a warm, dry place. Damp flour will never make light cakes and pies.
Bed sheets make news after a great many years of humdrum ex istence. That's because of two recent changes in their design.
no-tuck sheet with

Be careful how you bend that

La

I\
w
book, mister.
Yes, there is a way to break in books, but you certainly are
M
m
m
For whiter mashed potatoes or boiled rice, add a pinch of cream of tartar to the» cooking water.

new
not doing it the right way.
There's a
,jckets at the top and bottom to make it fit the mattress. The idea behind that is to avoid the wrinkling of the lower bedsheet. And also there's another sheet with hems into the fabric as a decora
4#
I


1


Trained librarians proceed thus when they get a shipment of new books:
#
Mix grated or chopped carrots into apple and other fruit salads. They will add to delicious crunch!-ness.

A
First, they set the back of the book on a firm, flat surface, then gently open both covers so they lie the surface. Then they open a
on one side,
woven
live finish. This was done to save loss of length in making hems after sheets are bought.
ar
§

s
w.
Never leave sugar, raisins, currants or peel in paper bags. They all go moist and sticky very quick
on
dozen or so leaves pressing them down; then a dozen
the other side; a dozen


¦
SAVE HEM LOSS Especially helpful to the person furnishing a house or apartment for the first time is the method of the marking of the newer hemmed sheets. They are desigated on labels as single-bed, full-length; twin-bed, full length; or double bed, full length. That does away with having to go home to measure the length of the bed or getting there with a sheet that’s too short.
m

I
pages on
the first side, and so one, one side, then the other, until the book is fully opened, flat on the table. It’s a good Idea to repeat this process a couple of times, then go right through, a page at a time, cutting where necessary.
Other hints from librarians:
Use a bookmark — an envelope or a slip of paper — to mark where stopped reading. Don't turn
iy.
on

are being are busy
Ï
More precautions against sabotage and parachute troops tak< r. in and around London. Here some of the soldiers who sandt figging have a brief rest to enjoy refreshment from the mobile
canteen.
Moisture in the refrigerator etithe growth of bacteria,
illions find reel
# Every day
pleasure in the genuine, long-lasting flavor of Deublemlnt Cum. Cooling, refreshing.
defying! Enjoy it after every meal! Millions do! ____
11
courages
causing food to spoil. Wipe off all moisture inside the refrigerator and be careful to remove spilled
l
foods.

HILLS of DESTINY


00\yBV
Some Suggestions
For Care of Milk
«-«ess
you
down the corner of a page.
Please, oh please, say all the librarians, don’t mark passages you like, or write opinions on margins. You Just make hours of erasing k for the librarians’ helpers. Don't try to hide books by putting them in the corner of a shelf where they don't belong. The librarian will discover them before come back, if you are gone than a day, anyway.
7**11.
L A V0(L
E ,
r
by Agnes Louise Provost

. •>
T
GET SOME TODAY
A
Never Let It Remain on The Doorstep Exposed to Light
A
1
'.V
the Rancho Ceballos were with-
L
SYNOPSIS
oil
B
WOl
m

drawn.”
“Milt Brad la h ownin’ the Rancho Ceballos!” Joey commented wonderingly. “It's enough to make old Don Luis set up in his grave.”
“Do you suppose Bradish really did cheat him, Joey?” Lee asked.
“Well, not accordin’ to law, Lee. All Bradish did was to sell him his part of the Bonanza —- they was two separate claims, ye know -— and Don Luis didn’t have no better judgment than to buy it offhand. Matt fell In with Bradish when Bradish was down on his luck, an' Matt took him In an' divided his grubstake with him. They drifted down here and staked out claims there in the gulch. They was separate claims, side by side, but they agreed to help each other to work ’em, the first man to strike pay rock was to share even with the other.”
Lee Hollister, returning unexpectedly from a trip abroad to the Circle V ranch, his home from his childhood, is troubled by signs of
old prospector
Getting a bottle of milk may
routine thing, but be done to maintain
Summer, 1940
Suit Season
K
»
F
L

seem like a much can its quality and flavor, says the New York State College of Homo Economics. Here are some t'.ps from the college:
Buy the best milk you can af-
A

y ::
S
E

neglect. Joey, an friend and owner of the ranch, tells Lee that Matt has killed himself, probably discouraged by times. The ranch is going to ruin and Virginia, Matt's daughter, la visiting the Archers, her aunt and uncle in New York. But her uncle wants her to sell the place to Milton Bradish. old associate of Matt's. Lee persuades Virginia to return to the ranch. Mrs. Archer follows her, accompanied by Stanley, son of Milton Bradish. Stanley thinks he be able to discredit Lee In Vir-
you

She
more
leads the shelved once, sometimes twice a day, to see that the titles
Smartly Tailored Types Favored, That May Be Kept Fresh and Crisp by Washing
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
hard
are in order.
A SUMMER MEDLEY
loi J.
So many things just pop into my mind this beautiful summer's morn I write to you, that I feel
Have the milk bottle put into a covered box when the milk is delivered. Never allow a bottle of milk to stand on the doorstep, exposed to light.
Wash the outside of the bottle before putting it into the refrig-
It’s always a suit spring. And, this year, it's a suit summer.
For town, for suburbs, and for week-ends in the country, fashionables are buying and wearing the smartly tailored suits which may be kept fresh and crisp by wash-
Champion Typist Likes Swimming
ing. as
I should name it none other than a •‘Medley". Jams, jellies and pre-
all “calling the house-
serves are wives" from everywhere, to decide
quickly what they are doing In fruits, as all are ripening very rapidly. It gives every evidence of being a short season.
For jams and jellies I thought might like something a little
Oakville Girl Who Holds The World's Amateur Record Discovers It Keeps Her Quite Fit for Work
ing.
erator.
Keep the milk covered in a
clean, cold place.
Take out only enough milk for
each meal.
Wash the bottle carefully and return it regularly.
There are giugham suits galore, in checks and plaids and subtle stripes. There are rough-textured and cotton mixtures, plaie
may
ginias eyes, and encourages Josefa Ramirez In her liking for Lee.
A cup of tea at four o'clock and lots of swimming during the off hours, that's the formula for overcoming typing fatigue as prescribed by pretty hazel-eyed Margaret Faulkner, of Oakville, Ont., who captured the world's amateur typewriting championship in Chicago, June 21st.
Back at her job of demonstrating business machines in Toronto last week, Miss Faulkner, who clicked through the half hour championship event at the rate of 121 words a minute, told how aquatic sports eliminated her fears of suffering from tension or physical strain during the contest. ‘‘Either,” she said, "would have made enough differ-euce In speed and accuracy to have cost me the title.”
TYPING'S STRENUOUS WORK
"Hudreds of pounds are lifted during the course of a day’s typing." explained the new champion, "and that takes more than finger work. A great many muscles are giving subtle assistance every the carriage is returned or the keys depressed, and I have found swimming the best way them.”
Miss Faulkner has kept up her swimming and diving ever since she started winning typing contests at business school, years
ian amateur type writing championship and last year she was runner-up for the world's title.
rayon
linen, percale and many sheer materials, like dotted Swiss.
CHECK GINGHAM IS CHIC Perfect for hot city streets are suits of washable silk, uou-crush-able linen, sleek-shavkskin and the gingham in subdued color combinations. And, for cooler days (there will be some) those of tropical worsted and of wool and rayon
you
different, so try these:
CHAPTER XI
She would leave a note saying that she wanted to see him about *-ob, about the time for driving
the cattle into the valley range.
looked
BRADISH IS SMART "They shore worked. They gophered inta that hill for about two months, with nary sign of color an* both of ’em plumb disgusted and ready to quit. An' then Matt druv his pick inta somethin’ soft an* he yelled for Bradish to come.
•1Well, ye know what happened. It looked like a vein of pretty near virgin gold, but it was only a pocket, although they worked like men for weeks, huntin' for
Five-Fruit Jam
2 quarts stoned cherries 1 pint red currants. 1 pint white currants (it impossible to obtain the two kinds use the quart of
Jittercure
She wrote swiftly and about for a place to put it and she stopped short.
Her eye had been caught by a bright bit of color lying on the floor behind the half opened door. She went over and picked It up. and her nose wrinkled fastidiously as the odor of cheap perfume came to her. It was a woman’s scarf, defiantly gay and frankly soiled. It had evidently been hung on the back of the door, In full and flaunting view when the door was closed, but discreetly hidden when It
Notice posted outside a London, England, church: “If your knees are shaking, come in and kneel on them!"
the one).
1 quart gooseberries 1 pint raspberries Sugar (medium)
Remove the tops and tails from the gooseberries, pick over the raspberries and currants, and pit the cherries. For each cup of fruit \ cup of sugar and insist upon the sugar of medium
can-
mixtures.
WITH OR WITHOUT BLOUSE For the country, wear a suit in gingham check or plaid or of the new, tissue-thin corduroy—as easy to wash as heavier corduroys al-lfave been. Linen suits for of coarser, rougher
TWO-PIECE FROCK
For Summer Days
)
crazy
the other end of a faulted lode. By that time the news had leaked out an' the gulch was full of men dig-an* blastin' an' sweatin’ for
use

ways
country are material than	£»r tOSO. And
they come in brighter colors.
Wear your summer suits with or without blouses. If without, tuck softly knotted scarf into the neckline. Be sure that both suit» and blouses are guaranteed fast to sun and fast to washing.
à
obtaining
grade, when purchasing your ning sugar.
Place sugar and fruit in a preserving kettle, cooking until fruits are tender and jam is tkick. Seal in sterile glass-
gin’
gold, but nobody ever found anything else that was wuth minin’.
HE NEVER CAME "I reckon Bradish was the fust man to wake up. He was smart. He sold out his claim to Don Luis, who was all excited over the rush an' thought this was his big chance to wipe out the old mortgages and bring the Rancho Ceballos back to what it used to be. So he clapped on another mortgage an’ grand time with the money. He dug an’ blasted an' tunneled an’ cross-tunneled, bustin' clean through inta Matt's claim a couple o’ times until one day a blast that went off too caught him there, an' when
7

stood open.
So that was all that his kisses
to this!

stir often while
Z
meant. From her
The impulsive note lay on the table whore she had left it. Virginia. tore it up slowly, bit by bit, and went out Into clear fresh air again clutching the fragments In her hands.
When she had gone Josefa, who had come here day after day to watch for a vanished Lee. crept out from her hiding place behind a rock and shook a passionate fist after the vanishing figure.
“Ah. you touch it like it was pol-you drop it like the snake.
a
%
es.

Medley Preserve
254
The moat popular blouse to wear with a simply tailored morning suit is a casual shirt, summer suits of dotted Swiss or silk, frothier, almost frilly blouses are in order, suits, try a cotton sweater, halter or short-sleeved, open-necked shirt blouse.
1 quart raspberries 1 quart red currants 1 quart red cherries
1	ripe pineapple
2	large oranges
1 lb. sultana raisins cup blanched chopped almonds cup preserved ginger Sugar
Wash and stone cherries, pick the raspberries, stem the cur-
time
V
12 -20/*
<3
With dressier

to develop
had a

7
m
1
And with country
&

Three
lad*'
ago she captured the Cana I-
soon
they pulled him out they found he would never walk agaiu. By that time he knowed that there wasn't any gold on that claim. They say he never mentioned Bradish a name again, but for the rest of his life he set there in the rollin' chair Matt give him, in the patio of that crumblin' old house an’ sometimes at the busted gate, with the gun across his knees . Waitin’, said, for Bradish to come back.
"But Bradish never come. Matt prosperous then, an* he got
1
son.
because it belong to me! I feex you! I think you come thees way wance you proud one, and never
over
rants, shred the pineapple, cut or-into small pieces, wash and
They’re Organized Husband-Plaguers
A)
auges
dry the raisins, blanch and dry the almonds, chop the candied ginger. Measure the fruit, place in preserving kettle, place on slow heat, sim-for one hour, stir often. Heat
Els
more, again, no more."
In New York there is said t# be a unique institution known as the “How To Torture Your Husband Club." One member’s husband sued for divorce, citing her as having smashed the windshield of his car with a poker, broken the stem of his favourite pipe, crushed the toes of his patent leather shoes with her high heels, locked him out of the house at night, placed the cat in his bed, shone the torch in his eyes as he tried to sleep, and complained bitterly that he did not help in the housework. The club meets me that dissatisfied women can pool their ideas and make their hur bands’ lives unbearble.
Simple Pumps
NEWS OF INTRIGUE Joey was still up and smoking a lonely pipe In the doorway of his cabin when a familiar whistled call to him. A few moments later

Are Standbys

[\

mer
Qie same quantity of sugar as of fruit, add to boiling fruit, cook with occasional stirring, to the consistency of marmalade. Seal in a sterile jar.
No chic woman ever tolerates crooked or run-over heels. She has new lifts put on her shoes the moment they begin to show-signs of wear on the edges.
And pumps are her old standbys. She may go in for novelty shoes — platform soles, wedge heels and such now and then, but she sticks mainly to pumps.
She has dressy high-heeled ones in black patent leather or kidskin or white buck for summer and in black or brown suede for winter. And low-heeled ones in appropriate materials for casual, daytime occasions in all seasons. She may dance in sandals and walk in oxfords, but she lives in pumps —ultra simple ones.
h
came
Lee swung off his horse hi front
//hr*	7
folks
of him.
"Hello, Jo*y. t have some nows for you."
"Well, it's time yo re back, ye uirresponsible young nuisance!"
All Joey's anxious loneliness showed In those scolding words. A strong brown hand came down ou his shoulder In an grip.
m
m
was
Don Luis to sell back Bradish’s claim to him. He said It bottled up his land, or some such foolishness." (To Be Continued!
Red Currant Mint Jelly
4 cups red currant juice 4 cups sugar
Take about 4 lbs. of red currants after picking off the stems. Boil, adding just enough water to keep from sticking. Add 1 cup of tightly packed mint leaves. Boil until the currants are quite soft, theu pour into jelly bag and drain overnight. In the morning measure the Juice and for each cup of juice use % cup sugar. After measuring the juice place on heat and allow to boil for 20 minutes, then add heated sugar. Boil about five minutes giving the jelly test, whichever method you prefer. Place iu Jelly glasses and cover with paraffin. It is always such a joy making these currant jellies, which require no pectin to make a perfect jelly and they do have such a lovely natural flavor.
%

V.S-
yy. a >,


The Longer Bob May Come Back
affectionate

(• l


"You’re a good scout, Joey. Don't you get any notion that I'd sneak
off without yon. and we're going to stick together. I've found out something. The com* that bought In the Rancho
By LOUISE LENNOX
Xo one wants to go through the Summer without a practical two-piece froik. Here is a stylo ! that you will love for its chic and wearability. Either in printed or plain cottcn you will find that this i.s the dress for all occasions. The flared ski it is easy to make, the short sleeves and interesting pockets are features i that are pleasing and attractive. U* y op make the blouse in both versions you can change about fur more variety.
Style No. 26 48 is designed for sizvt? 12, 14, 16, 18 and 20 years. Size 16 requires 3% yards of Scinch material for blouse and skirt; 1V» yards for separate blouse.
Send Twenty Cents (20c), (Coin is preferred) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 7% Wes
Write plainly your Name, Address and Style Number. Re sure to stale size you wish.
We're partners.
Women Are Using Time-Savers And “Hot Weather Specials" in Coiffures
Re-Making Bed
May Bring Sleep
s
pany
Ceballos is merely a holding company for Milt Bradish. He bought it under cover of another name and he»'* holding it that way, probably until he gets the Circle V. Now you see why Mutt's grazing privileges
It looks as If the long bob were winning once again, maybe as ' war measure." The up-hair do a ud the baby curls couldn’t defeat it. Now' the modified pompadour Is bidding for its place, but It doesn't seem likely to win out — not until nearer fall anyhow. It’s a case ot women sticking to the easiest way to fix their hair.
Here's a time-saver and hot weather special.
First, part the back hair In the contre, thon draw the former neck curls into a single curl over each ear. Let a small comb hold each curl in place. For evening, luck a velvet ribbon securely at the back, then bringing it up to cover the part towards the top of the head anJ to end In a bow just behind the front swirl of pompadour. It a formal looking, perhaps too much so for popularity Just now.
a
A change in bedmaking technique often will help to solve sleeping problems. Bedclothes which are too tightly tucked i# will interfere with the Tree movement of the sleeper and thus cause wakefulness. Most bedmaking authorities agree that the top sheet and blanket should he firmly tucked in at the bottons of the bed, but that they should be left hanging free at the side#.
Here’s A Mouthful
Perhaps Lord Sankey, foimev Lord Chancellor, should not haw complained, as he did in the House of Lords, that the draft ol a Bill to be presented to Parliament contained a sentence of 467 words. To illustrate how lucky I ord Sankey was. a writer on the 'Anglo-Cclt', Cavan, has written a sentence without commas or other punctuation, of 1,72:> words Î
The sentence is perfectly grammatical. The writer explains that it could have been longer, but he had run out of paper. It deals with everything from the killing of rabbits by p isoa gas to mending built water pipe/
Nervous Restless
READERS WRITE IN!
Miss Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased t0 receive suggestions on topics for her I column, and is even ready to lia j ten to your “pet peeves." Re- j quests for recipes or special menus are in order. Address year letters to "Miss Sadie B. Cham 73 West Adelaide Street,
• tamped, self addressed envelope if you wish • reply.
Girls
Cranky? Restless? Can't sleep? Tire easily? Annoyed by female functional disorders mud monthly distress? Then take Lydia E. Pink ham's Vegetable Compound. famous for over 60 years In helping such rundown, weak, nervous conditions Made especially for women. WILL WORTH TRYING I
hfT&C/umtecfoi
i
S\
S/ew Swra/ag
CIGARETTE MMIS
Adelaide St
Toronto.
era,
Toronto."
Send
HOHi FINI* SIA»*
ISSUE 29—'40
DOUBLE
*4 V
u
###PAGE###8###
Cards of Thanks

*

AV
T u:\
SERVING AGRICULTURE
//
It is with the sincere;t gratitude that we express to our many friends and neighbours our appreciation of their kindly expressions of esteem in the floral tokens and words of sympathy which came to us in our bereavement in the loss of a beloved wife and mother. These tangible expressions of sympathy have helped to lighten our burden of sorrow.
m
z
Warm Weather Features
À great many of our Branches are located in Agricultural centres and all banking services are conveniently available.
Saving* and Checking Accounts.
Loan*, pending receipt» and income Cashing of Cheques—Produce Ticket» etc.
Money Order* and Draft* for remittance»;
Each Branch is in charge of a Manager who is in touch with conditions and ready to assist m any possible

Sport Shirts—White, blue, fawn .......
r
>

un
k if
\
SR
/
$1.00


i
i Ik
"V-,
\
GUTTAPERCHA
100% CANADIAN
1
>
Summer Ties, Braces, Shirts and Shorts SO; each

Mr. Wm. Grant and Family
direction.
Know Your Bank—it can be useful, to you.
YEARS EXPERIENCE
Motion Picture of Heart
Shows Beginning of Life
A motion picture of the origin of life—the formation and first-beat of the heart of an embryo chicken— was shown recently at an assembly of the International College of Sur-
OVER 57
y
Anklets—White and
Fancy Stripes, 25 to 59 eta
Illll
of
U
The
For
More
Smiling Miles
$1.95
Outing Trousers—Preshrunk, light colors,
See
geons.
The film, photographed through a microscope, provided the surgeons an exciting drama of the most mysterious of all the phases of thcii work. It covered a 10-hour interval. from the time the incipient chicken's heart, little more than a 1 thin-walled tube, first began to twitch, until blood circulation started. It showed the spasmodic twitch-
CENTURY OF BANKING EXPERIENCE
EST; 1 832 —OVER A
Bathing Trunks-Royal, maroon and black Sizes 30 to 40, high quality.......
d. L. Hodgins
George Albert Ebert Dies at New Wesminster, B.C
Although in ill health for years ,	the sudden passing of George A
Volunteer blood donor organiza- Ebert at his home, 11 Coburg St
s*:,“sr;s:siKz—ata A ».^
zation which began in Rochester,	returned soldier and suffered from	until	it was	able	to pump	life time
N. Y., only three years ago, Arthur	effects of duty in the Ut eat War.	through	the	embryonic	blood
! John Collinson, Rochester, points He was in his 04th year and was sels, out in Hygeia Magazine.	born in Litchfield, Que., son ot
;HiSii ffiS?
held from her lato home, Camp-;Union Cemetery, where and the speed witn which requests ^ons and two daughters, J. Gordon, bell’s Bay section, to Nonnaii,	mbers 0f the Orange Order 1101 blood are answered. Volunteers	in Vancouver, and U. Allan, at
United Church, North Clarendon.	i(j their last tribute of respect | get in touch with the Times-t mon	home : Mrs. W . I l ocock of Ash-
Service was conducted by the »	esteemed brother, The newspaper, which co-operated with ; croft, B. C„ and Jean, at home,
Rev. H. G. Steers, of Y arm, who	pveinonv was conducted by the ; a radio broadcaster in founding the •	and one grand-mu ; one brother,
was assisted by Rev. Mr. Shaver,	W(;| Maste|. Howard Brown, as 1 organization. Arrangements are	W. J. Ebert, of New \\ estininster,
in spon-oi ing t .e p an i	pall-bearers were, Messrs. M. E. R twitch in time with each other. Still
Macfarlane, Gordon Smith. V. M. t^cre js no regular rhythm to the ; Spooner. .las Monday, J. R Cam- movements as a whole.
'ISSN=ssmsrz
and rippling in waves to the other
$1.50
Shawville, Quo.
Volunteer Blood Donors
Total 98,000 Persons
>

r
».

Uorris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43

k
¦KW
%



X
ves
*

Dr. Bradley Patten of the University of Michigan’s anatomy department, gave the demonstration. In paper he explained that he and his associates had cut a tiny window in the cell of a fertilized egg and exposed the embryo, the size of a pin head. This preparation was transferred to a glass chamber and supplied with nutrient fluid.
The first flutterings of the tube, later to become the heart, are not rhythmic or orderly. Different ports of it merely contract and there are periods as long as five minutes when
Then comes
msuMOktto
4
T-IO
»



ft
t
a
y/i
v
%

t
h


V
»
/

>

F
I
(I
»
I
#
6
»

<>
were, Messrs Eades, Eldrid Mee, Harold Wilson,, Freeman and Claire Grant.
Many beautiful floral tributes j received including the follow-
(
Look Here
cities
were
BRISTOL NOTES
mg .
Pillow—The Family ; Wreath—Nor man Ladies Aid ; Sprays—Moorhead Red Cross Unit ; Mrs. A. E. Thornton, daughter, Shirley, of Noranda, are Mrs, David Carson and Mrs, Margaret spending their vacation with Mr. and
Mrs. Lola Horner Mrs. Frank McKee.
For Sah, Wants, Found
Lost otc.
Mr. and Mrs. James McKee and
New United Church Minister Inducted at Quyon
î
The motions
¦o
Ralph, of Ottawa „
and Eldrid Mee ; Mr. and Mrs. G. r. jhe Misses Olive and Anna Trudeau, Elliott, of Lachme ; Mr. And Mrs. J • 0f Ottawa, are visiting with Mr. and Telford and Mr, and Mrs. Geo. Dunlop, Mfg w j Xrudeau and Mr. Wm
Murphy.
Rev. D. M. Bishop was inducted into the pastorate of Quyon United
Church recently in the presence of \ye desire to express our sincerest
a large congregation.	thanks and appreciation for the acts of
Rev. J. A; Waddell, chairman i(jn(]neS8i messages of sympathy and ot the Ottawa Presbytery, pre- |(n. , . Hural offerings received from
aSSSj::=-
tawa Presbytery, related the steps	Mrs. >> m. \> harrex,
and custom leading to the transfer	* and Family
of Mr. Bishop.
Addresses to the minister and congregation were made bv Rev.
H. G Steers. Yarn), and Rev.
A. F. Pokes, Shawville.
The Benediction was pronounced by Mr. Bishop.
Following the service, a social hour was spent and refreshments
d by the ladies of the
HAY t)S SHARES—bixtv five acre» At of hay to give out on favourable terms. Apply to Tine Equity. Miawville.
CARD OF THANKS
end
Then the blood starts to form first there is just fluid; thon a few corpuscles appear within the heart tube . They shuttle back and forth at each beat. The beating increases, the blood cells become more numerous. At last the embryonic heart is pumping blood into FOR SALE-Pair of well • matched embryonic arteries. The chick is percheron Colts, one and two years old, 40 hours old. Circulation has mare and gelding. Will lake cattle in ctartAfi	i exchange. Apply to Wm. Howard,
slarledl	: Yarn». Que. Phone. 14 3

Jr.; Mrs. Thos. A Lades and family Baskets—Mrs. Peter Brownlee and Mr
and Mrs. Lawson Corrigan and family	¦
Elgin,! Ernest rand Norma Eadesj Mrs. Nakina, Ont , are spending a
John Grant and family ; H ÙÉ jH ÉÉ '
APARTMENT TO LET - Apartment suitable for small family. Apply to Mrs. Bruce Bar her, Shaw ville. Phone 120.
Mrs. M. Doran and children of
week at
; Holy Trinity the home of Mrs. Doran’s brother, Mr. Guild, Radford ; CttfFlowers—Mrs. M. ; Bart Hannaberry.
Murphy ; Mrs. Geo. Smith ; Mrs. Lina ,
Horner.	1
Mrs. Grant died at the Ottawa Civic Hospital on Monday morning, July 15th, following surgical Mrs. H. P. Creighton and family, of treatment and her death came London, Ont., are spending the holiday quite unexpectedly to doctors and season with the McCaffrey ^family at nurses and as a great shock to her Weirstead. family, relatives and many friends j in Shaw ville and Campbell’s Bay districts.
Mrs. Grant was the former Miss Bella H. Mee, and was born in Clarendon 00 years ago, the daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs Wm.
Mee. She was a member of the United Church and was active in its various organizations and in community effort and welfare.
In 1917 she married Mr. William Grant, who survives with one son,
Ralph ; two step daughters. Mrs.
Walter Moffatt and Mrs. Mervin Fades, of Clarendon ; one step-son,
Russell Grant, of Leonard, Ont ; one brother, George Mee, of Clarendon, and one sister, Mrs. Thos.
A. Fades, of Ottawa.
Friends from a distance attending the funeral were Mrs. J. Pritchard, Manotick Alex Cowan and son, Sergt. Eric Cowan,
Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Queale, Mr. Thos.
Queale, Mrs. Thomas Fades, and Mr.
Ernest Eades, of Ottawa ; Mr. and Mrs G. F. Wanless, Smiths Falls ; Mrs. Jas.
Connelly and Mrs. Geo. Prendergast, of Cobden,	HHHfl
Grant, of Leondard, Ont.
r

Miss Mary E. Doherty, of Ottawa, has spent the past two weeks 'the guest guest of Mr. and Mrs. Frank McKee.
1
Tenders Wanted
Wisconsin Liars Club	__	,	"S.ÏÏJïï
tail-story tellers, faces competition.
Liars of Osage, Okla., have chah
is yssr SESSs
barred.	j Street, Ottawa.
“To prove we rate in the championship class,” wrote Glenn G.
Cate,
I Tenders will be received by the undersigned up to August 3rd, 1940, for Caretakers for the^Rural Schools, and also fur the Shawvillfc High School.
Miss Norma Dods has returned to her home in Maryland after having spent the past two weeks with her aunt, Sirs. Jos. Pritchard, in Alcove, Que.
%
JOHN A DEAN,
Sec. Treas
were serve congregation
I
'
Canada to Supply Army with Universal Carriers
>
one an tells:
“ T was getting dinner one day when I accidentally dropped a very
sharp knife tail ctf up close, clean as a whistle. He looked so exposed and embarrassed that I decided to build him
I threaded the
23-»
f
i
m
*
FOR SALE-One:Deerine Binder with sheaf carrier in good condition. Will sell cheap. Apply to M. B. Drummond, R R No. 3. Shaw ville.
S
y
i
It cut our old cat s
mm!.
i
:
l
<

Hr! sSSSs
screwed it on. The cat looked p0dv. high Dagger, strong blower, corn proudly at it a moment and then parut! vtly new self feeder. Price $300.1)0 scampered out into the yard.	rash, h-Jf	Apply to o™
“ ‘The next thing I saw was our 0nt. old cat hiding behind a tree near which all the rats in the neighborhood passed. When a rat stuck his head out our cat would switch its tail and knock the rat dead.
“ ‘The next morning the cat had everything organized. He had anout, 16 cats dragging off the dead garding whereabouts will.be thankfully 15 digging holes to bury them received by ' in, and 25 more covering them up. j	%
A pussy was keeping score


hr
Mrs



: «
mm.






' A
1


STRAYED
•X
and Mr. and Mrs. Russell
X

J
I
l
Strayed from the premises of the undersigned, about five weeks’ ago, one dark red bull calf

Many Pay Tribute at Funeral of William Wharry
Information re

>:
rats

An old and respected resident of this district and latterly of Otta- i \vn, died at his home. 35 Florence Street, on Tuesday. July 10th.
The late Mr. Wharry was born at Glynn Anttim, Ireland, on i October 21, 1854, o son of the late John Whurry and the former | Agnes McFaul. He came to Cana- : da in 1871, settling at Fortage du Fort, where he was married in 1887 to the former Hannah Eliza- j beth Horsfield. Following their; marriage, Mr. and Mis Wharry ! went to Renfrew, where they resided until 1905, then moving to Starks Corners. They had been residing for the past nine years in Ottawa.
The late Mr. Wharry was a member of the Starks Corner-United Chinch and Orange Lodge. 1 Surviving are the aged wife and
«	. i i •
and th Miss ¦- Jennie, 1. z ibeth Evelyn an! Marguerite Wharry all oi Ottawa Funeral service m a n y relatives and friend-held at thh chapel of HuUe & Flay fuir. 315 McLeod Street, Ot
MRS. WESLEY YOUNG Onslow Corners, Que

â J
s

*
TJNTVERSAL machine gun V carriers will soon be added to the list of army vehicles made in Canada for the fighting forces at home and overseas. These are equipped with caterpillar treads and are very manoeuverable and speedy. They are armoured against small arms fire and will carry three Bren guns, or can be used to carry ammunition, wireless sets and other necessary equipment. They will be produced in the Windsor plant of Ford Motor Company of Canada. Limited, which has been selected as the most suitable ffor the production of - this vehicle. In the lower photograph, Mr. Wallace R. Campbell, president of the an Ford organization, n with Lieut.-Col. D. C. a. officer commanding the Tank Battalion, .Win'-or.



Cemetery Memorials
<

i
h

'

4

.
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble


¦H


*



Get Our Prices Before Buying* Elsewhere
¦



A large and distinctive Stock to choose from

for military purposes governments, ing expanded 0 addition to provide : building Universal t which carriers and to increase produce of military
powerful 25 drive gun tractor to . Th<
tary vehicles arc
a !y line f
Ford n
cl u
Phone,278
Mrs \V. G. Smltl
F
four
Cziî!
*
T

GEO. H. FROATS & SONS
248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
W
f
w
off
;
it tended by
of
T
1

I
r army vvmc o;
now jnhUe in the Ford plant ii
J
car
nadiar. army and another vehicles
h


