###PAGE###1###


#


n
$1.50 pep annum In Advan
2.00 to the UnltedState»
I
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, JUNE 27. 1940
;
No. 2. 58th Yeah
»
PERSONAL MENTION Stark’s Corners Y.P.U. purpose QOWLING
—	bolding an Ice Cream Social at the
Grant, Bristol. Miss Beth Taber, of Beechgrove, church hall on Monday evening.
was a guest of friends in town for	j SijPijer^erved^from 6.30
- ”'dtb“|C","W ,a"1' »"d SlmerMt Slreet5
Varkman, for June 27th, has been Winnipeg
^th!'^inder'the^au^ce#°o/t^	Mi s	Lois Bolted, of	Quyon,	Church and people of the
Ladies’ Guild. Admission,	35 and	visited	friends in town during the	munity will hold	a lawn social on
15 cents. ‘	past week.	church grounds, in aid of the Red
.	, Cross, onfThursday evening, July
Strawberry Social — The Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Towsley 4th. Shawville Boys’ Band in ladies’ guild of Holy Trinity and children, of Ottawa, spent attendance
SSSfen» Jï. KcS	lheir re"“IV" Ky™™..».,-», ,nré u>
S.‘ ‘ "i Yog ranuo ‘wiIMn cl ml e th e Mr. and Mrs. Cyrus Hodgins and an reciter at Bristol United nlav—“\o Men Admitted " Ad- children, of Timmins, visited re church, on Wednesday and Thurs mission 35 and 20cents.	latives	aad friends in this	district	day, July 3rd and	4tb, at 7.30 p.m.
9	during	the past week.	Humourous and	Dramatic selec
tions. Admission, 25 and 15 cents
Mrs. Win. E. Millions, of South Porcupine, is visiting at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. John Cunningham, at Starks Corners.
Shingles—Just received a new stock of cedar shingles of several grades. R. A.
Phone 24—5.
it
Shawvllle Hardware
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The ffneetrand most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year
HAYING AND
GARDEN TOOLS
Lawn Social — Zion United
co
r*
Hoes, Rakes, Scythes, Scythe Snaths, Hay Fork Wire Cable and Rope Trip Rope and Hay Loader Rope Rafter Brackets and Hangers Hay Forks and Pulleys Carborundum Files
W. £. COWLINC, President
M. W, BRAITHWAITE Principal
JAMES A. MILLAR
B A It. It. L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
Many Attend Funeral of William T. Wallace
BORN
Armitaoe—At Pontiac Community Hospital, Shawville, on June I2th, 1040, to Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd Armitftge, (nee Willetta Lucas) of Onslow Corners, a son.
Many friends and relatives gathered at the services in Otta- Mrs. Ehvin II. Armstrong and wa and Shawville to pay their daughter, Miss Jessie, are visiting last respects to the memory of at the home ot Rev, R. W. and William Thomas Wallace, who | Mrs. Armstrong, at Merrick ville, died Wednesday at an Ottawa Hospital following a lengthy illness
Repair Agents For
INTERNATIONAL FARM
Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Grace and BUDARICK—At Palmer Rapids, .
family, of Pembroke, were Sun'| Ont., on Wednesday, June 19th, HARLAND C. ROWAT
1940, to Mr. and Mrs. Wesley E Budarrick, (nee Olive Drum mond) a daughter.
Rev. Howard Clarke conducted «*»yvWtow at the home of Mrs a short, service at the home 0f Çince a parents, Mr. and Mrs Win Matthew Wallace, 105 Buyswater 1 Horner Avenue, a brother, Friday afternoon. Following the service the body was conveyed to Shawville where it rested at the home of a sister, Mrs. John L. Hodgins, until Saturday afternoon when the funeral was held.
Service was conducted at St.
Paul’s Anglican Church by the Rector, Rev. T E. R Nuise, who delivered an impressive funeral address from the text, Rev. 7 : 13.
The choir was assisted by members of the United Church choir and three favourite hymns of the deceased were sung. Interment was made in the family plot in St. Paul’s cemetery, the pallbearers being. Messrs. Donald J.
Sutherland R. P Eades, George Fades, R. Millar Wallace, Thomas Wallace, jr , and William Cowan.
Chief mourners and survivera were a son, Corporal William W.
Wallace, of The G. G. F. G., of Ottawa; a daughter, Miss Lorraine Wallace, at home ; nix sisters, Mrs.
R. P. Eades, Mrs. John L. Hodgins and Mrs. Thomas McDowell, of Shawville ; Mrs. Donald J. Sutherland, Mrs. Francis J. Forde, and Miss Bertha Telford, of Ottawa ; two brothers, Matthew, of Ottawa, and Edward, of Weyburn,
Sask., who was unable to attend the obsequies.
A large number of beautiful floral tributes were received and included the following
Pillow from the Family ;
Baskets from Mr. and Mrs. Matthew Wallace and family ; Mr. and Mrs. R P. Eades and George ; Mr. and Mrs.
John L. Hodgins and family ; Mrs.
Thomas McDowell and family ; Mr. and Mrs D. J. Sutherland and family ;
Mr. and Mrs. Francis Forde ; Miss Bertha Telford and Mr. Norman Wal-druff ; Mr. and Mrs. Alex Munroe ;
Alderman and Mrs, Edward Band ;
Mr. Fred W. Bunge, Bunge Press ; the Cowan family ; Ottawa Chapter, No.
37, O.E.S,; Staff B P. Eades Store.
Wreaths from, The International Typographical Union, No. 102 ; Pressroom stuff, Printing Bureau ; Paymaster’s Division, N.D.H.Q. staff.
Sprays from, Mr. and Mrs, Wallace J.
Wilson: Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Kirkpatrick;
Robert Legge ; Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Ferguson ; Mr. and Mrs. Mowat ; Miss Victoria Olsen ; the Moore family.
Cut flowers from, Francis and Eva Carson ; Mr. and Mrs. Austin McDowell and family; Mr. and Mrs. 11. L.
Kouth ; the Pequcgnat family.
The late Mr. Wallace was a native of Clarendon ami was born in Morehead section r>8 years ago, a son of the late Robert Wallace ami the former Rose Anne Storey, lie was educated in the schools of this disti ict. lie followed the printing profession and served hi-t a ppi oil tire'll ip early in life in the oflier of The Equity, and later woikvd with a number of printing establishment:* in Ottawa, and also with the Montreal Herald Returning to Ottawa he secure^ a position in the Government Printing Bureau, where lie worked until ill health,forced him to retire about four years ago.
He was predeceased by his wife, the former Wnlteretta Findlay, ears. She was the daugh-the late Captain Walter Findlay, one of the oldest lumber operators and river captains in thw Ottawa Valley.
Mr. Wallace attended St. Matthew s Anglican Church, and was a member of the International Typographical Union and was prominent in the activities of the Ottawa local. He was keenly interested in athletics, and in his youth took part in boxing exhibitions and played lacrosse. An ardent fisherman and hunter.
The death of Mr Wallace culminates a life long friendship with publishers of The Equity and with many other friends in this district, we deeply regret his passing.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Offic e—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shawville, Que.
Donald McRae, who has been teaching at VVest mount.
Que., returned to spend the
Summer holidays with his par | Smart—At her late residence ents, Mr. and Mrs. R E. McRae.
Miss Patricia McDowell/ who has been at King’s Hall, Compton,
Que., has returned to spend the Summer vacation with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. G. G. McDowell
Dr. and Mrs. Johrr Tweddel! and little son, returned their home in Kingston on Friday alter a week’s visit at the home of Mrs. Twed deli’s mother, Mrs. Geo. W. Dale.
Misses Marion Dale, Bessie Armstrong and Maude Dahms, who	W
have been teaching at Verdun, a quiet but pretty wedding was Que., have returned to spend the solemnized at St. Andrew's Pr Summer vacation with their byterian Church manse Cobden,
Ont., at three o’clock on Tuesday afternoon, June 18th, 1940, when Laura MacLaren Angus, only daughter of Mr. and Mrs Wm. M r C Mr Angus, of Bromley, near Cobden,
Mr
DIED
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Park man section, Clarendon, on Monday morning, June 24, 1940. Louisa Esther Hoare, widow of the late Robert Smart, in her 90th year. The funeral will be held at two o’clock this after noon, Wednesday, 20th inst., from the late residence of the deceased, to St. Paul’s Church and Cemetery, Shawville.
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etd.
Office*: Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
Summer
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B.A., L.L.B
MARRIED
Notary Public
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUEBEC
Cunningham—Angus
Dresses
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
fitters dealt with bylcorrespondence
es
parents in this district.
Among the Ottawa friends attending the funeral of Mr. William Wallace on Saturday afternoon were the following
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER 180 MAIN STREET RHONE, 2-2219 HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p.m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from fsü&to 8.00 p.m.
Splendid Stock of the latest Summer Dresses
Cunningham, of Shawville, Que., Rev. George Killen officiating. Miss Gladys Cunningham, sister of of the groom, acted as bridesmaid while Mr. Alex Angus, brother of the bride was groomsman.
The bride was becomingly gown-
PRINTED SILKS, CHIFFONS,
RAYON SHEERS, SLUR LINENS,
Surgical War Supplies Urgently Needed
Owing to the urgency of the,	_
need for Surgical War Supplies, ed in a floor length dress of white it is advisable to turn the Red net over taffeta with embroidered Cross Nursing Class into a Volun- jacket and matching veil of elbow teer War Supply Unit, unless a length white rayon, embroidered, minimum enrollment of forty five and wore white slippers Her arm is reached. On such an enrollment I bouquet was Johanna Hill roses
d Maiden Hail
The bridesmaid was gowned in pink embroidered net over taffeta Surgical packs for war use are I and wore a bandeau in her hair
This woik She carried an arm bouquet of
D. J. CAMBPELL
Styles to suit everyone
Cool and Dainty
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
11
Sizes, 14 to 20 $2.95
Sizes, 38 to 44 $3.95
Phone 8 I,
fern
would justify the carrying on of | an the Red Cross Nursing Class at this critical time.
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
needed immediately _______
is under the direction of register- Ophelia roses, ed nurses.	Following the ceremony the
There will be a meeting Tuesday, bridal party motored to the Cope-July 2nd, in the United church land Hotel, Pembroke, for the basement as previously planned to wedding dinner, decide on the course to be follow* The groom's gift
609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE PLATEAU 6 3 8 8
Ladies’ White Shoes
to the bride
ed All girls interested are urged j was a gold engraved locket, to the to attend.	bridesmaid a compact, and to the
For enrollment in the Red Cross I groomsman a tie and collar set. Nursing Class apply at once to
Mrs. Earl McDowell,
Member of the R.C. A.M C.
0%. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
The trend is—White with Luggars Tan trim.
We!,have several of the best styles and patterns in white and tan—Ties. Pumps, etc
In the evening a reception was tendered the happy young couple in the memorial Hall, Cobden, by the bride's parents, at whic h about two hundred guests were present. Numerous beautiful and useful gifts were received by the bride and groom, and miidc, dancing and buffet lunch were enjoyed by
$2.95
Thos. E. Walls Dies at Community Hospital
iSill ;»K3
years.
The late Mr Walls was a lifelong resident of this distric t, being bom in North Clarendon the son of the late Mr. mid Mrs. Moses Walls, lie was a carpenter and was very well known throughout the district.
in 1903 he was married to Mbs Mary Watson, ot Austin section, who survives with one son. Harvey and three daughters, Margaret,
Eleanor and Genevieve, all at I Elmside Women's Institute home. Also left are four » inters Mrs. William Palmer, of Chat teris Mrs James ArUell, of Bells Cor tiers, Out.; Mrs. James Parton and the home of Mrs. Paul Chabot, Mrs. James Cobb, both of Sault with 14 members and several Ste Marie, Ont.	visitors present. The president,
The funeral was held on Wed* Mrs. W. J. Murray presided, nesday afternoon to Radford Meeting opened by singing the United Church, of which the de» ode and repeating the creed in ceased was a member Service unison. The minutes of previous was conducted by the Rev. H. G tneeting were read and approved. Steers, of Y arm Interment was After discussion it was decided made in the adjoining cemetery. to hold the July meeting in the
form of a picnic in cooperation with tne closing of No 9 Intermediate School, to be held at the
3 ELAl R 3 257
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Of course all whites	S'
are always in style.
See our range of ImA whites in Ties, Straps,
Oxfords and gore effects.
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
1 60 METCALFE STREET
Brock ville, Douglas and Pembroke.
Mr. and Mrs. Cunningham left later by motor on a bridal trip to Toronto. Niagara Falls and other Western Ontario points, t he bride travelling in a turquoise blue Magic Bous crepe costume, with dull pink trimmings and white accessories. On their return they will reside at South Porcupine.
. ;
ja
ONT
OTTAWA,
*r*T
x
HONE, 2-7961
».
* • &
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone
OTTAWA. ONTARIO
ft
$2.50
and
$1.95
1
1
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
The June meeting of the El inside Women’s Institute was held at
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular Eye Defect
T, T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist
Mens’ White Shoes

»
Reg. Optometrist
$2.95
Special White Brogues
<
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt*d
Stark’s Corners United Church Murray House are holding their anniversary ser The August meeting will be held vices next Sunday, June 30th, with at the home of Mrs. E Murrell, two services. In the morning at A sing song with the National 11 o’clock the guest preacher will Anthem brought the meeting to be Rev. H. G. Steers, of Yarn, a close. Alterwnrds a delightful while at 7.30 p m . Rev. T. A tea was served by the hostess Woods, of Ashton, Ont., will be assisted by Mrs. Percy Cruek-the special preacher.	shank.
Shawville
Quebec
the

SHAWVILLE - QUE.
557
###PAGE###2###
Young Men of C.A.S.F. Off For Intensive Training
E E K—Commentary on Current Events
THE WAR-

I
711


ITALY’S ENTRY CARRIES WAR TO MEDITERRANEAN
711



"" -
HM
; m

GOLDEN
CORN
of the Atlantic; the war would be brought to America’s very doorstep.


One month to the day after Hitler’s armies crossed the borders of the Low Countries, Mussolini declared war on Britain and France, ushering in one of the most critical hours in the history of the world.
Never before had the British and French Empires been in a position of such supreme danger. France, beating off encirclement of Paris, fighting for her very life, now found herself attacked on still another front, her supply lines to Africa threatened. Britain, not yet recovered from the disaster of Flanders, hourly expecting a Nazi invasion, was forced to action on far-flung fronts —in Africa, the Near East, the Mediterranean, Gibraltar, Suez.
Objective»
Italy went into the war demanding Tunisia, Djibouti, French and British Somaliland, Corsica, Malta, Gibraltar, Suez, Savoy, and two French departments of the Maritime Alps. To those possessions Italy “aspired,” as well ns to “independence from the defunct democracies.” After attacking France’s lines to Africa, prime Italian objectives were seen to be Tunisia and Egypt. But one at a time, and perhaps Egypt first, since capture of Alexandria from the rear by mechanized columns (like Hitler’s capture of the Channel ports) would achieve more and probably be easier than cutting into Tunisia and French Morocco.
Meanwhile the Germans, driving on Paris, were aiming for the capture of Paris and the Lower Seine River, no matter how terrific their losses, in the hope of forcing French capitulation and cutting France off from her ally, Great Britain. The Allies, on the other hand, were attempting to hold Germany until Empire and industrial resources could be mobilized for a successful counteroffensive. Should Paris fall, the French were expected to make a stand in the valley of the great Loire River which cuts well across France from the west coast. South of this line would be both* agricultural and industrial areas to support the effort.
The time factor was in favor of the Allies; against the Germans, who knew they must win before their effort slowed down, before the United States could enter the war with all its vact resources.
t
$ #
A Great Energy Food
CANADA: That same possibility was reflected in the sixth radio address of Prime Minister Mackenzie King on the war situation. He declared that Canadians are prepared to fight to the finish in this war, “will proudly accept” their new responsibilities, undaunted by the threat of spreading conflict. There was talk of the British Throne being transferred to Ottawa . . . Two days later Canada declared war on Italy, and Princess Juliana of the Netherlands and her two children arrived in Halifax. . . .
The nation was saddened during the week by the tragic death in an air crash of Hon. Norman McLeod Rogers, Canada’s Defence Minister, a man of fine character who had worked unceasingly in the public interest . .
Many Canadians woke up one to find that war had
1*22
%
andlkfi
?sen: them

week-end papers to the Children’s Shelter.
The latest addition to Vancouver'# Sea Scout fleet is the :»atrol boat, “Mary Walkem the 40th Vancouver <St. Auguttine) Sea Scout Troop. The boat waa duly launched with fulhceromony :n the presence of some 5b0 Scouts Cub*, CUrl Guides and Brownies. T:i foot lifeboat was the gift o! Mrs. Walkem, wife of Col. George A. Walkem, and dedication wai made by Rev. J. A. Leighton, Chaplain of Uie Vancouver Mission to Se imen.
SOUTH AMERICA:	Fascism
reared its ugly head again in the Western Hemisphere. President Vargas of Brazil, i^the firs* out spokenly Fascist speech by any South American President, justified the aggressions in Europe of Germany and Italy. Vargas, who has ruled Brazil through ten years of dictatorship, spoke of the beginning of a new era under I Fascism. Previously it had been believed in South America that Brazil would follow the United States policy toward the Eurosituation. A nasty shock,




owind6 by
• .




I
» 24-

>'<>. ï WT**


«
RH
• -X
- f«e>

!bjM1
Mm
>.S
^ ",
3
m:

X
<##&
«K

V»
sW.
k- Son
.... #Py-,
S •¦•¦
*
«

% -&
"
pean
that.

49 +
A





Yellow -Black Races
Whit

*:':4
âPB

—-JMB
t
SCOUTING. .
morning
brought them & new inconvenience, (taxes, etc. aside),—starting July first no one could cross to thé United States without a

CAL
White races double their population every 80 years, ye 00 years, and the black ;n 40
years.
M
jw in

As a weekly good turn, Scouts of the 2nd Moose Jaw, Sask., Troop gather the comic sections of the
passport.
Other events of the week: Rain unceasing; saturation of land, atmosphere, clothing (some people blamed it on the war clouds) . . Arthur W. Roebuck, Liberal, Toron to-Trinity, charging in the House of Commons that the Ontario Government had treated single unemployed transients with “cold brutality” . . . anti-Italian demonstrations throughout the country . . .
Puzzle: Had the Vimy Memorial really been bombed? Still merely a report, this story had neither been confirmed nor denied by the Canadian Government.
m

Nova Scotia's Blossom Queen And Her Princesses

Seven -thousand determined young Canadians got their initiation into army life at Exhibition Park, Toronto, during the winter months. Çkupforts not usually associated with active service, even to batteries of hot shower baths, were available in well heated buildings. In the illustrations above they are seen entraining for summer encampments and their smiling faces would seem to indicate that the prospect pleasing one. The big camp is now being prepared for this year’s Exhibition. The buildings will be occupied by troops again next fall following the "Ex.”
îs a
m
BORN TO MISERY
Of all the livestock that men raise the chicken is by far the most ill-used. In the brooder, artificially heated, the chicks cry. “What is home without a mother?” and afterwards, when they have come to years of discretion and would like to enjoy a run where they can scratch, they find themselves stacked up in hen-batteries, each one in a narrow cell of its own, and are compelled to lay eggs to save their lives. The modern hen is born to misery from the egg onwards. —
Journal).
VOICE
*

OF THE
4

*
PRESS
*
In The Baltic
RUSSIA: The Soviet Union, suddenly the centre of renewed diplomatic attentions from three European nations, patched up her Far Eastern dispute by an agreement with Japan on the Man-choukuo-Outer Mongolia boundary question, which had produced two battles and several years of intermittent fighting sia and Japan agreed on the exact frontiers to be respected in future . . . Two newly named Ambassadors from the Allies — Sir Stafford Cripps of Great Britain and Eric Labonne of France —arrived in Moscow; and it was announced that Italy and Russia would once more keep ambassadors in each other’s capitals . . Diplomatic observers in Stockholm advanced the theory that Russia, determined that Germany must not expand further in the Baltic, was seeking a definite political agreement with Finland and Sweden to forestall any German moves in the north.
# # $
BALKANS: It appeared to be the devout wish of all Balkan capitals last week that their countries should not be drawn into the growing vortex of war. And indications were strong that for the time being at least, southeastern Europe would be left alone; that the Italian campaign in the Balkans would be diplomatic rather than military. Greece was already reported to have made a "deal” with Mussolini.
Eastern Mediterranean
Sooner or later, however, it was thought that the conflict would somehow hit the Eastern Mediterranean, and then there would be a rush to Salonika from both the Italian and Near Eastern sides. The stand of Turkey
was seen as all-important.
* e •
NORWAY: The war in Norway came to an end last week when King Haakon ordered the capitulation of the entire country to the Germans. It was announced, however, that his government would continue to fight with the Allies on the Western Front.
m
DIALING FOR TROUBLE
You no longer need to borrow trouble. You can get it delivered on lie radio daily.

(Brandon Sun)

SHORTER SPEECHES
There Is merit in the principle behind the proposal made by Mr. Ralph Maybank, Liberal M.P. for Winnipeg South Centre, that the length of parliamentary speeches an matters affecting Canada’s war effort be limited. Discussion, of eourse, is valuable, but only u.p to the point that It contributes to a Wearer understanding or the improvement of legislation that it is a waste of time •or Star)
wm
m
(Fort William Times-
*r
Rus-
I
à
l:

The manufacture of chemicals and allied products in Canada during 1938 totalled $140,139,312. About $61 millions were spent on materials and supplies, $29 millions on salaries and wages, and $5 millions for fuel and electricity.
+
Goodbye To Neutrality
UNITED STATES: One of the most tensely listened-to speeches in the annals of political history was made during the week by President Roosevelt, preparing the American people for the participation in the European war which is so sure to come. “We will pursue two obvious and simultaneous courses,” he declared: “We will extend to the opponents of force the material resources of this nation and, at the same time, we will harness and speed up the use of those resources in order that we ourselves in the Americas may have equipment and training equal to the task of any emergency and every defense.” The republic-to-the-south of-us was no longer neutral; it was non-belligerent.
Following his address, President Roosevelt warmly endorsed an organized “Stop-Hitler-Now movement, working to rush all possible material help to the Allies, while Congress continued its rapid-fire action on the national defense program, grown to $5,021,619,622.
Another colossal problem was thrust before the United States by the possibility that the British Government, if Hitler won the war, might move to Canada and continue the fight against Germany from here. Washington was a bit upset by the idea. For the first time in its life, the supremacy of the United States in the Western hemisphere would be challenged; another great fleet would be stationed on this side
Beyond
(Wind-
The Annapolis Valley Apple Blossom Festival, Nova Scotia ? most colorful spring party, this year was a gay event centred in the fragrant beauty of the British Empire’s largest single apple belt. Queen Annapolis» VIII (Miss Audrey Clarke of Wolf ville, N. S.) is see r. here with her Princesses.	(Canadian Pacific Photo;.
i
RADIO REPORTER
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By DAVE ROBBINS
WILL VUM
-- "Ml	. .	I-«
comes over the Columbia chain on Tuesday nights at eight.

try your hand
Among radio listeners there are y folks who would like to try IMt hand at writing a radio program — maybe a mystery tale, a drama or comedy sketch, or possibly they may have an entirely new Idea for the air — bo why don't y»u and you put your ideas on pager and send them to a radio station?
Radio stations are always look-tag for new stories and new ideas — and yours might be the one that
•licks Ï
V\
t
Jean Goldkette, one of the veteran band leaders in the dance field, will soon return to the band stands with an orchestra of fifty pieces featuring swing symphony, should be good, for the Detroiter always had ace bands.



fri
It




LV?
v.
AROUND THE DIAL
Dialing little known radio treats — Sunday, Four Star Revue from CROC at 10:15 am. . . . Rendezvous on Mutual at 6:30 with Ramona, Jimmy Shields and the Tune Twisters . . . Monday, L'il Abner from NBC - Red at six . . . Blondle on the Columbia Chain at 10:30 . . Tuesday, Fun with Revuera via the NBC-Blue at 9:30 . . . Composers series on CBC at 10:30 . . . Wednesday, Mr. Keen. Tracer of Missing Persons, on NBC-Blue at 7:16 . . . Sevlllana from CBC at 8:30 ... . Thursday, I Love A Mystery at 8:30 on NBC-Red . . . Nan Wynn on WABC Columbia at 10:45 . . . Friday, Uncle Don via WOR at six . . . An Editor Looks West on CBC at 7:46 . . . Saturday, Hit Parade on CKOC at 1:00 p m. . . . Sky Blazers with Col. Roscoe Turner on Columbia at 7:30.
m
lr
I
i
,3>
to
*>

\

NOTES AND NEWS
One of the breeziest programs presented over the NBC-red network is Plantation Time — beard pu Wednesday nights at 8:30. The Plantation Party Includes Louise Massey and the Singing Western-am, Tom. Dick and Harry, a smart vocal trio, and other top notch en*

» i

5;x



¥
• e


, »
•r


•///.¦




lertainers
m

**
For facte with an unusual twist suggest you tune in Stranger Than Fiction — presented over station CKOC each weeknight at sii.
X
m
m
mÆic


*1111
K>pri,>iT IWT L, r**
One of the better midweek pro the CBC comes from the
“When 1 Say Three You Hit Pop I II Yell for Me**.
-9
grams on
gfcores of the Atlantic, when Marjorie Payne directs a concert orchestra In music of the lighter vein. This treat is on Wednesdays
:>
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—A Big Blow
at 8:00 p m.
Imagine a theatre seating thirty Million people! That, by actual survey, Is the estimated audience of the Radio Theatre conducted by Cecil B. Demllle, veteran showman each Monday evening at 9. That ns only one thing — that the Radio Theatre presents top notch
dbows.
I
Y CANT FOOL ME f XIL f»NO OUT
WHAT 9 COIN ON
8
nobody/
the draft
¦ H THE AT THE
WHO PUNCHED YOU IN THE EYJL
PINHEAD/ IT9 ALL 6V/0LIEN /
CWAN HOME / YOU'RE TOO LIU TO KNOW WHaVS. . QOfH'ONHEREf

//
/ !
y
THROUCl KEYHOLE RECLAR FELLERS , CLUB V/A3 SOMETHIN
FltRCCT/ ^
(
Û

Z



v/
<
Wile on, of Edward
¦iWlBS'S
•re on whether Stove and Lo?#r^ ebould continue their racket-bust-Sag tales of Big Town — or present different types of dramas — the folks on the receiving end vqt*u overwhelmingly to contjpj»? the Big Town series. X>£ program
When Stef#


à
A
t
y

'Ai

i
mar
HT yA


i. u.Ta
t •


##

z
I


###PAGE###3###
r
4
T
T
ALL-AMERICAN
CLASSIC
With 1940 Details
There's DOUBLE
, ENJOYMENT
Chinese Brides Like Automobiles
qA delicious Wlend
A
A
L
B
in delicious & . .
Modem Motor Cars Replace Old-Time Bridal Chaire in Wedding Parade

FF
K

DOUBLEMINT GUM

L
; y#
s
Hii
E







1
Fewer and fewer Chinese brides nowadays are going to the altar in the old-time lavishly decorated bridal chairs, borne in state by staggering carrier-coolies, in Shanghai. Instead the mod-Chinese girl wants the latest streamlined motorcar, decorated with a gay kewpie doll on its radiator.
Commenting upon this, a Shanghai newspaper columnist, L. Z. Yuan, remarks that only a few years ago all Chinese girls insisted on riding in sedan chairs.
BRIDAL CHAIRS EXPENSIVE
“So much stress was placed on the bridal chair in China,” writes Mr. Yuan, “that in Hangchow, scenic lake-city in Chekiang, many a bachelor had to postpone his wedding indefinitely because he could not pay the exorbitant rent for the bridal chair.
Shanghai still has several bridal chairs, despite the changing fashion. Without even including necessary tips for the carriers, the hire charge is sometimes as much as $200 (Chinese, about 314 U. S.) a day.
The most luxuriously decorated chairs are from Ningpo and have silk curtains embroidered in golden thread, studded with imitation diamonds and pearls, and with the interior heavily scented.
W W’%
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
;v


sx/r
V
szr.
ANOTHER SIMPLE SUNDAY
DINNER
The ideal simple Sunday dinner should be one on which most ot the preparation can be done beforehand; and one which presents something Just a little different from the ordinary week-day meal.
We are choosing ham for the meat course, which may be broiled or baked. If baking, and in fact broiling too, personally I like to steam it beforehand, the time according to the amount. Then the broiling or baking takes only a few moments. The steaming may be done the day previous. Before placing in the broiler or in oven for baking, spread the surface lightly with butter and if you wish, add a little brown sugar and mustard (which have been mixed together), and a few cloves. All this can be done just before placing in the oven
for the browning.
Now, that pineapples, (the large, luscious kind) are at their best, they make an ideal appetizer. Mint always bears a touch of favor and flavor served at the beginning of the meal in any type of fruit cup. Crush the leaves of a spray or two of mint and bury them (leaving on the stem > in the shredded, chopped pineapple. I prefer to run it through the food chopper, being sure to retain all the juice mixed with fruit sugar, which does dissolve so much better. This fruit can be prepared on Saturday and placed in the refrigerator or a very cool place. Leave the mint in according to the type of flavor you desire. Some prefer just a suggestion of the flavor; then it can be removed after a few hours. Others who like a deeper flavor may leave it in till ready to serve.
r
!
'm\
m
!
/
m
/
ern

I



HILLS of DESTINY
%


y
:
1
m*
Wf
m
B
Wmâ
*
*> by Agnes Louise Provost

arguing. There were long rides together when there was no intrusion of cattle and fences.
They stood one afternoon on the crest of a ridge from which a wide panorama spread out. Lee was unusually quiet that day. When they had dismounted he pointed out dots of color that looked like paint splashes.
• Every day million# find real pleasure in the genuine, long-lasting flavor of Doublemlnt Gum. Cooling, refreshing, satisfying! Enjoy it after meal! Millions do!
SYNOPSIS
Lee Hollister, returning unexpectedly from s trip abroad to the Circle V ranch, hie home from hie childhood, ia troubled by signe of neglect. Joey, an old prospector friend of Matt Blair, Lee’s foster father and owner of the ranch, telle Lee that Matt has killed himself, probably discouraged by hard times. The ranch is going to ruin under Lawler, manager appointed by Matt'e daughter, Virginia, who is staying in New York with her aunt and uncle, the Archers. Lee is worried when he sees Slanty Gano, a trouble maker, now manager of the old Ceballos place, hanging around the Circle V. He hurrlee east and urges Virginia to go home. Canceling an engagement with young Stanley Bradlsh, she hurries
west.
fl
t
every


L '

OOV^-
\

»

\
4V‘
plavop
“IT S NO USE"
“Circle V cattle. They're all over these hillsides and out on that flat, all with your brand on them, waiting to help feed the world. That's worth something, Isn’t It?”
“Yes, I suppose so.” There was no answering lift of enthusiasm in her voice. “Oh, it's no use, Lee. Can’t you see that? It isn’t in my blood the way It Is In yours.”
rut

I
• Ilf*
I
4
3293
SIZES 12-4%
orite light cake recipe on Saturday, preferably the long pan type. All you have to do is to add the whip-per cream, which also may be prepared before and kept chilled. A few strawberries added gives you a strawberry shortcake of the sweet-cake type. For those whd feel with the pineapple it is too many acids mixed, the cake and cream alone makes a very luscious dessert.	•
BAKING POWDER BISCUITS
It is true I have not said anything about biscuits for a long time and to answer the request for my favorite baking powder biscuits hero you are:
2 cups flour (bread)
4 teaspoons baking powder Vi teaspoon salt
4 tablespoons shortening (level)
% cup milk
Mix and sift dry ingredients, work in shortening and add liquid, gradually making the soft type — soft as possible to hadle. Turn oa a floured board, pat and roll to about Vt inch in thickness, cut place in pan and bake in hot ovejL Time 15 minutes. Oven 450 degrees.
By LOUISE LENNOX
Now is the time to think seriously about vacations.
No matter where you are going or what you will be doing, a shirtwaist dress is always your best friend. A square yoke, front skirt fullness, long sleeves and big pockets ... all front page fashion news • , . this modern version of an
EPILOGUE
CHAPTER VII
“The boss" was back at Circle V. The word was passed along on the part of the old hands, at least, with reviving pride and affectionate grins. This might not be a boss with a very practical knowledge of the business of raising beef cattle, but behind her, unobtrusive, without a shadow of authority yet always on hand, was a young man who knew a great deal about ranch-and still more about this one. and who’s a fist like a steam hama habit of turning up In unex-
(Written by the noted English poet, William Ernest Henley, in 1901, these lines have peculiar application to the situation
as it exists in the world this week.)
grace
old favorite. The convertible collar can be worn open or buttoned high under the chin according to your preference. Stripes lead a gay life and here is the dress flcr bright stripes on white or natural.
Style No. 3293 is designed for sixes 12, 14, 16, 36, 38, 40 and 42. Size 36 requires 4% yards of 39 inch material for long sleeved drees.
Send Twenty Cents (20c) (Coin is preferred) for Pattern, to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your Name, Address and Style Number. Be sure Ho state size you wish.
New Styles . . . new ideas . . new fabrics shown in their actual colors ... To make your wardrobe smarter than ever . . fill the pages of the New Spring Fashion Book. Over one hundred of the latest styles for all the family. Send for your copy today. The price is 15 cents.
Into a land
Storm-wrought, a place of quakes, all thunder-scarred, Helpless, degraded, desolate,
Peace, the White Angel, comes.
Her eyes are as a mother’s. Her good hands Are comforting, and helping; and her voice Falls on the heart, as, after winter, spring Falla on the world, and there is no more pain.
And, in her influence, hope returns, and life,
And the passion of endeavour; so that, soon,
The idle ports are insolent with keels;
The stithies roar, and the mills thrum
With energy and achievement; weald and wold
Exult; the cottage garden teems
With innocent hues and odours; boy and girl
Mate prosp'rously; there are sweet women to kiss;
There are good women to breed. In a golden fog,
A large, full-stomached faith in kindliness All over the world, the nation, in a dream Of money and love and sport, hangs at the papa Of well-being, and so
Goes fattening, mellowing, dozing, rotting down Into a rich deliquium of decay.
MENU
Pineapple and Mint Cup
Broiled (or baked) ham Fresh asparagus Rice and cheese sauce Watercress and Radish Salad Whipped Cream Cake Hot Beverage If you have had freshly picked asparagus In the refrigerator, where It Is crisp, It will only take a few moments to boll It. Serve with the melted butter atnd seasoning to taste. One of the recommendations for this vegetable is that it can be prepared well within the half hour.
I like the plan to cook the rice beforehand taking pains to keep the grains whole and separated. The cream sauce can also be made before hand, a plan which saves much time when dinner is being aseembled. Heat the sauce in the double boiler, adding % cup grated cheese for each cup of sauce, this being added as sauce Is reheated. Add the rice to the sauce- in the double boiler and do not attempt to break up the rice leaving just as it is (it is not so attractive, if it is mashed). If one wished, the rice could be steamed (this also can be done before); then place in casserole just before serving and pour over it the cheese sauce sprinkling the top with grated cheese; time in oven about 20 minutes In moderate
es
mer,
pected places, and a calm but Inquisitive black eye.
Virginia, feeling her bewildered and half resentful way along new paths, nevertheless knew moments when something stirred her unexpectedly. The sudden glimpse of a vista through a notch In the hills, the sight of wide lands that were hers in spite of their burdens, of cattle bearing her own brand. Then the thrill would vanish before some discouraging detail, evidences of neglect or carelessness, such as a line of fence out of repair, or an untouched clearing which should have produced several crops of alfalfa.
“There’s n> excuse for such things. You want to Jump him hard.”
Milk
SODA BISCUIT
Hoping this will answer the request for a “plain soda biscuit”;
2 cups flour Vi teaspoon salt Vi teaspoon soda
1 teaspoon baking powder 1% tablespoons butter.
1 cup butermilk or sour cream (if using créa* Vi the butter).
Sift dry ingredients, mix in butter, add buttermilk gradually and mix as biscuits above. Oven 400 degrees. Time 15 minutes.
Then, if the Gods be good,
Then, if the Gods be other than mischievous,
Down from their footstools, down
With a million-throated shouting, swoops and stoink»
War, the Red Angel, the Awakener,
The Shaker of Souls and Thrones; and at her heel Trail grief, and ruin, and shame!
The woman weeps her man, the mother her son,
The tenderling its father. In wild hours,
A people, haggard with defeat,
Asks if there be a God; yet sets its teeth,
Faces calamity, and goes into the fire Another than it was. And in wild hours A people, roaring ripe
With victory, rises, menaces, stands renewed,
Sheds its old peddling aims,
Approves its virtue, puts behind itself The comfortable dream, and goes,
Armoured and militant,
New-pithed, new-souled, new-visioned, up the steeps To those great altitudes, whereat the weak Live not. But only the strong Have leave to strive, and suffer, and achieve.
Money For Beauty
"IT'S HIS BUSINESS”
“You always want me to Jump people hard.” she protested impatiently. "It isn't a crime, Lee. Just a few strands of wire overlooked for a day or two, and a field that used to have something planted in it before he came. How was he to
The American Hairdresser, beauticians’ trade paper, reported that 40,000,000 women in the U. S. spend $142,000,000 annually in beauty salons. Of this amount, approximately $6,000,000 im spent for scalp treatments; $13,000,000 for cosmetics; $15,000,000 for manicures; $17,000,000 for dyeing and bleaching hair; $18,000,000 for facials; $73,000,000 for permanent wav-
READERS. WRITE IN!
Miss Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and is ova* ready to listen to your "pet peeves.” Requests for recipes or special menus are in order. Address your letters to “Miss Sadie B. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto.”
know?”
“It's Ills business to know.”
He had dismounted and was critically inspecting posts and sagging wires.
“In work Ilk* this,” Lee went on. frowning, “the uiau who fails to meet such things on the jump is either asleep on the Job or
“Or what?” she demanded as he paused.
“Or he has aa interest in letting things run down,” he finished very crisply.
“That's ridiculous!” she retorted indignantly. “What possible interest could Lawler have in doing that? He couldn't get the ranch himself, and who would make it worth his while? Uncle Ellis, perhaps, who engaged him for me and who has made a home for me for years and years! Or Mr. Bradish, who has millions, and could have his choice of any number of the ranches!”
That was where the clash inevitably came. They, were not always
oven.
For your simple salad a valuable addition is salted wafers (be sure they are crisp).
For your dessert make your fav-
"There's nothing 1 wouldn't do to help, Virginia, if that's any use to you.”
"But you'll never make a ranch woman of me. Never. Better give me up as a bad lot, Lee."
"I'll never give you up!”
She caught the quick blaze in his eyes, felt herself swept to him in a grip at once rough and tender, his face against hers, warm and compelling. Pulses stopped, and raced exultantly on again.
Never!” he whispered against her lips. "Honey ...”
"Oh, let me go!”
The first impulse to yield then brought a blazing reaction, pulled herself free.
A CHILLING REACTION
"You take too much for granted.” she said coldly. "I hate being pawed.”
worth still more to Lee Hollister.
es.
Eath man recognized the other, and neither gave the faintest indication of it. Once more, and this time consciously, the glance that passed between them was a measuring of power.
M
HERE'S BALANCED NOHR/SHAfENJ
THAT EVERY FAMILY NEEDS
(To Be Continued)
m

Etiquette For To-day’s Co-eds


TWO SHREDDED WHEAT ... A CUPFUL OF MILK . . . FRESH STRAWBERRttS
This meal contains eight vital food values: Three Vitamins (A, Bi and C), Proteins, Iron, Calcium, Phosphorus and Carbohydrates. You get all these precious elements in one delicious dishful. Give the family this Shredded Wheat treat for breakfast, while strawberries are at their best.
THE CANADIAN SHREDDED WHEAT COMPANY, LTD.,
Niagara Falls, Canada

44
4

Be Peachy With "Date” Even Though You’ve Drawn A Lemon, Oregon College Girls Are Taught
§
y



She



MS

A revised etiquette book for coeds at Oregon State College, issued by the Oregon State Co-ed Etiquette Committee, at least brings the co-eds up to dale on what is used ou the campus as a substitute for English.
One chapter deals with the technique of managing a man in a "buggy-bum-per” which Is now the proper designation for an automobile.



'

The warmth went out of Lee's face like something wiped from a siate; his hands dropped; he stood looking down at her, tight-lipped.
"Oh. certainly, if that’s the way you look at It.”
The ride homo was a silent one. Lawler met them as they came into the Valley of the Sun. grinning.
"Been lookin’ all over for ye. Miss Blair. Some company’s come, yore aunt and a young gentleman. They've been here three hours.”
Stanley Bradish had already found a mount and was riding toward them.
"Thanks. Lawler.” Virginia turned coolly to Lee. "It won't be necessary for you to come so far out of your way. I’ll ride back with Mr. Bradish."
"It isn't out of my way.” he said laconically. * I'm spending the night with Joey.”	.
He rode on with her to meet Stanley Bradish. whose father had wanted the Circle V and who hint self probably wanted something


I
m
0
m
sm


dv,


•II

wm
wheat
ft»*
I

SreddeJ
X
• 111
Si

X
1
Nl
l
!> :
He was

on a
In these days of economic depression the co-eds are warned against "humming'’ too many cigarettes off their "dates” — the word date having replaced the Victorian es c-ort.

i
Iren
I
Setf
$

Moating


*
mmmmm
I

Hardwire Seaton %r# authorised to allow you 3* <»0 on my old Iron toward the purchase of a new Volmem. It make# end bums own in. No cords, wires. LI$lni Instantly.
SEE YOU* DEALER ot write to us
tat details l
The Coleman Lamp & Stove Co.
I,Id., Dept. WO. aST, Toronto. Oat.
I MIT »
LADIES LIKE GENTLEMEN
Warning is held out against any "phony business on the telephone.”
The proper attitude towards a date, it Is explained, is to be "peachy even if you have drawn a lemon.”
"Remember, boys, that ladies do love a gentleman. If she says she must go home, there's that 9H to 1 chance that she might not appreciate that drive out on the river road or up to cemetery hill."
At
X
tiSESZl
gSÉL-
S!










< LOOK ' ^ FOR THIS FAMILIAR PACKAGE AT

*
A
ISSUE NO. 25—’40
el#
ill
il Hi
I
ill
1
1
1
i
B
###PAGE###4###



|Zl/lZ'/iy
Allumette Island ; Thomas McGuire, of Allumette Island East ; J. Nelson McLellao, of Bristol ; James Pou pore, of Chichester ; Eugiere Pleay, of Chapeau ; Wm. Barr, of Cleareodon :
E. C. Lawn, M L.A , of Campbell’s Bay;
Raoul Poisson, of Fort Coulonge ;
Ferdinand Racine, of Leslie, Clapham and Huddersfield ; James H. Beaver,
Litchfield ; Andrew Daley, Onslow North ; Ambrose Kennedy, Onslow South ; Chas Brinkworth, of Portage du Fort ; P. H. McCann, of Quyon ;
G. A. Howard, pro mayor, Shawville ;
Simon Downey, of Sheen, Esher, Mala kotfets ; Andrew Judd, of Waltham and Bryson ; Wm. McLeary, of Thorne ;
Wm. Menard, of Dorion and Church.
Minutes of meeting of March 13,
1940 read and on motion of Councillors McGuire and Poisson were adopted and signed without amendment.
,Secretary submits and reads all correspondence having to do with the business of the March session, as well as all correspondence received since the March session.
Wm. Menard, Mayor of Church and Dorion tables correspondence received from the Government addressed to his Council dealing with the cost of hospitalization of an insane patient from his Municipality and advises Council that his Council is financially unable to any liability and requests the County Corporation to take over the responsibility. On motion of Crs.
Poisson and Burke to present his case to the Department of Health and the Department of Revenue, who empowered to deal with such matters.
A communication from the Agricultural Association of Lac Cayamont requesting a grant towards a Fair proposed to be held in the coming Fall is Mr. Lawn, M L A , was consulted by Council as to the status of this Association, and he advises that
Significant of Canada’s growing re- it is a purely a local enterprise sensibilities is the watch our troops thing in the nature of a school fair
keeping in wide spread territories of ; whereupon Crs McGuire and Chile),
the the Empire. There are,Canadian I moved that an amount of ?;.0, be armed forces now on duty in Newfound- I donated to the Lac Cayamont Agncul land, the West Indies, Iceland and tmal Society. .
Great Britain. Further units are to be Councillor Poison moves in amend-added to the force already established in ment, that this grant be reduced to •2o.
Iceland. Some of the units of the j Councillor McCann rises to discuss (lie Canadian Fleet have been on duty in motion and suggests that due to present waters around Great Britain, some in general conditions the grant should be the Caribbean and some in Newfound- reduced. Councillor McGuire here exland waters. In addition the defence of plains the manner in which he arrived Canada’s coasts and the protection of at the amount of $50. and suggests that merchant shipping convoys has been for this year, the amount of $50 be per-undertaken	mintted to stand, and that Council will
According to a statement given the at the general quarterly session for House of Commons, by Hon. C. G. March next, when considering the Power, the strength of the Canadian annual budget, will receive his support Forces is divided broadly as follows in reducing all grants and as Mr.
Outside Canada including Britain	Poissons amendment did not succeed
Atrmy................ 26,087 in finding a seconder, the original
......-	"	' motion was declared carried.
64,656 The Council next approves the pay 7,256 ment of the account of the Shawville 15,594 Equity for printing copies of the County 113,593 By Law No. 81.
In addition to these, authorisation The Warden submits a report cover-baa been given to recuit 70,000 more, »ng the arrangements made by the inclusive of forestry and railway troops, committee authorized at the March The Acting Minister of National De session to suitably mark the completion cific element
fence, said that recuits are now being of the years of service of H. T. Hurd- colors with a prepared chart, the enlisted at the rate of 800 per day. In- man, former secretary, which report nature of the ore content can be atructions have been issued to intensify and the arrangements resulting there- learned.
that activity. Clothing, personal equip- from, are approved by Council in a This spectroscopic method renient and rifles can be provided for motion by Crs. McLellan and Kennedy, quires only a few hours to complete, i 200 men per day, Authority has been Mr. Lawn, M.L.A., at Councils invita- whereas the older chemical system given for all infantry non-permanent tion, addresses Council covering the necessitated as long as several active militia units which have not work of the Legislature during its pres- weeks to asàay ore. mobilized, to recruit to establishment, cot session and the progress he is Gold may be identified with a subject only to the limitation of train- making in matters placed before him spectroscope only if the ore runs ing facflitics. Similar steps are being for his support by this Council, and at about three ounces to a ton. Plati-t&ken with respect to certain non per conclussion he is tendered a motion of num metals, such as iridium, os*
manent active militia units other than thanks sponsored by Councillor Howard, mium, palladium, platinum, rhodium and rethenium, must be run
about two and a half ounces before they can be recognized.
Presence of numerous commoner | day of June, 1940 and more economically important
Chrysanthemum Held Sacred | morals can be determined easily In China the chrysanthemum is by the spectroscopic method. These overed as a sacred thing, and pil- metals include : rimages are made yearly to the Aluminum, antimony, beryllium,
w&WÉBÈM
taskss, appreciate the gravity of the ,-estival is held in their honor, at xenon.	a better path for the spark, making
meor—how filled with destiny are the ,vhich time a festive drink is made	*> --- it possible to start a motor more
days that he immediately ahead	rom the petals. The imperial em	quickly, accelerate it faster and
This is indeed a total war. It is a 3iem of Japan represents a 16* | Here Are a rew lips	make its performance more eco-
not of armies, navies and air forces petaled chrysanthemum.	p Amateur Painters nomical. Polonium is said to emit
alone. It is a war of whole peoples ;	——-------—	...	.	.. . 4,000 times as many alpha rays as
4 HSEES B=f|i | H ¦££.?«
still fortunate enough to be living in the ioes double duty Dominion to make a direct and con- w center. , tiouing contribution to Canada s war ,ime jt*ls a storage place for dishes
efflrt-	rj •	~ 4.c 4	. utensils, cleaning materials
To buy War Savings Certificates is an )ther household gadgets and equip
investment in patriotism—an invest- fnent Sufficient space for storage
ment in our own security and freedom - q{ vjlaj importance in the plan
investment guaranteed by Canada ning of a kitchen for a small mod
ern home.
THE EQUITY
X
X
Hodgins Garage
X
X
SHAWVILLE, JUNE 27, 1940
§
SEED CORN
6
\
S
Britain Anxious to Send Prisoners to Canadian Camps
\
8
x
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
\
Chevrolet,
Sales
s
Plans are being made by the Canadian Government in co-operation with Great Britain to have enemy aliens and German prisoners moved to Canada, Prime Minister King has announced in the House of Commons. ,
The wishes of the British government that Canada should take first of all enemy aliens interned in Great Britain, secondly German prisoners in the British Isles and thirdly, that considéra tion should then be given the matter of evacuated children.
The internment operations branch in Ottawa has been preparing for some time to receive these new aliens and German prisoners. They will be interned in new camps and kept separate from aliens already held prisoners in Canada.
It was also disclosed in the House that a number of British school boys will shortly arrive in Canada to resume their education. An offer has been made by the Canadian Government to children from five to sixteen old and some cases under five.
\
We have recently unloaded a car of Rennies Choice No. 1 Seed Corn, containing the following varieties :
>
x
\
X
X
8
X
x
X
XI
X
X
X
5
X
X
8
are
x
Golden Glow Early Bailey White Cap Compton’s Early
Improved Learning. Pride of Nishna, Wisconsin No. 7, Canadian Sweepstakes, Long Fellow.
>
X
V
\
S
s
Used ears
\
X

X
\
X
and Trucks
8
x
H
X
X
X
X
\
I
Prices Range From
N
A Choice Lot to Choose From
s
$1.30 to $1.65
F
X
Per Bushel
receive years
No children will be sent without the permission of their parents or guardians. A large number of people in Canada already have offered to extend hospitality to refugee children from Great Britain and a national organisation with provincial subsidiaries has been established to supervise and assist in their reception.
assume
<
X
One—1938—Chevrolet Coach Two—1938—Chevrolet Sedans One—1935—Chevrolet Truck, Dump-body One—1936—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body One—1934—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
M
v
X
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REÇU
X
\
are
X1
X
&
X
X
read
Canadian Troops Keep Watch On Many Key Points
X
x
X
NOTICE
New Ore Testing Method
Saves Cash for Miners In the Estate of Alfred James Brabazun, !
deceased.
All persons having claims against the estate r,f .Alfred Jumes Brabazon, late of Fortage du Fort in the County of Pontiac, and Province of Quebec, deceased, are required to send same, with particulars of security held, if any, and vended by statutory declaration, to the unde*signed on or before the 10th day of July, A.D , 1940, after which date the assets of the estate may be distributed among the parties entitled thereto, having regard only to the claims of which the undersigned shall then have notice. Dated at Shawville, Que., this 10th day of June, 1940.
MISS MARY A. BRABAZON,
some
H
,T. Li. HUDGINS
kl
are

The small miner and desert prospector who formerly had to pay as much as $100 a ton for analysis of ore samples now can obtain the same service for as little as $2.50 by use of spectroscopic equipment similar to that installed at the University of Arizona.
Although the newer method costs but a fraction of the former outlay, the results are just as accurate, never varying more than 5 per cent as to quantity content. University engineers say that some elements, hard to isolate by chemical processes, could be identified easily by the use of spectroscope.
The basic principle of the spectroscope is that each chemical element, when burned, has a characteristic color, dependent on the frequency of the light emanated. This light is concentrated on a prism of glass
pyramidal-shaped glass, it is bent and separated into its various colors, each color representing a spe-
By comparing the
Phone 64 J.
».

k'
ESTABLISHED 1883
COACH
INVALID
ŒE0RQE HYNES & SON
In Canada
Executor Estate Alfred Janies Brabazon,
Fortage du Fort, Quebec.
Army Navy Air Force, Total
Directors of Funeral Service
As the light strikes the
Public Notice
Shawville, Que.
Phone 80
Public Notick is hereby given that there will be held in Hynes’ Hall on Monday, July 8th, at ten o’clock of the morning, a meeting of all property holders of the amalgamated School Board of
Shawville and Clarendon, to proceed,	_
with the nomination of a School Com	„ APPles for Menu
mimioner, in the room and atead of L An apple, a day may keep the
w.„h. -bo, of A.%
¦1*
For dinner, apple sauce
Pill’ Used for Tettin*
Metal’s Temperature
Metallurgists now can take a metal's temperature by giving it u
pill
The new pill method was developed recently by Harry Blumberg, of Jersey City, to extend the range As of existing temperature-finding
ods to low or temperatures.
The problem which he pills solve is that of ind eating th • ^mperature of metals which are to he shaped or welded at loss than *100 degrees Fahrenheit Met il hr *:•••! to 400 degrees. for example, is too cool to show a distinctive color hy which higher temperatures can be determined.
Blumberg devised pills made of various compounds which melt at definite temperatures. After much oven for about one	hour.	Hot apple	experimentation,	he developed a
pie with grated cheese on the crust	complete set of	chemical pellets
may be varied by	using	a graham	having sharply	defined melting
cracker crust with	apple	sauce till-	points from 200 to	900 degrees,
ing topped with whipped cream.	Now, when a plant operation is
specified for a temperature of 400 degrees, the metal can be heated and a 400-degree pill, colored for identification, dropped on its surface.
infantry
L. S. McNally Sec -Treas
•
1
Total War
sauce
with roast pork and apple stuffing with roast goose cuts the richness of the meat and poultry and is nutritionally correct licious meat dish may be prepared by browning a thick slice of ham on both sides and covering with a thick layer of sliced apples. Cover the apples with a layer of bread dressing and bake in a moderate
JOHN A DEAN,
Secretary-Treasurer
New and tragic meaning has been given to the phrase “total war” by the recent march of events.
Millions of Hollanders, their homes in ruins, their parents, friends and children dead, now know what “total” war means.
The citizens of Oslo, ground under
A truly de-
Sh in g led Home Exterior
For those who like a white house with a shingled exterior finish, there is on the market an edge-grain shingle that comes ready-stained with a white primer coat and is free from all defects. To bring out the fine texture of the shingle, a second coat that is midway between a stain and a paint should be applied. This also will avoid the thick •‘painty" look often observed on many finished homes If you are building the popular Cape Cod design, a gray weathered look is attractive. Old houses along the seashore weather to an attractive shade of silver Snay|
accomplish in six months what nature takes years to do, allowing the home builder today to choose his preference. Shingles for either the roof or siding of any home come treated with preservative stains in solid and pastel colors permitting great liberality in the owner's selection.
San Quentin ‘Rejuvenations’
Unknown to the outside world, except in limited medical circles, San Quentin prison in California for the past 22 years has been the world’s greatest clinic for rejuvenation experiments,- a final report by Dr. Leo L. Stanleyrchfcf prison surgeon, reveals. All of the operations of Vor-onoff of Paris, Steiner of Vienna, and of other great surgeons and specialists in rejuvenAmn ing of senility havfl* thousands of times as well as entirely new methods worked out by Dr. Stanley himself. In the 22 years, during which Dr. Stanley introduced and applied this system of treatment in the penitentiary, lO.OOO^such g operations have been performed.
and the tighten duplicated
Protecting Scottish Homes
MiBB
the second.	.or evictions if the court is satisfied
Color affects lighting Light col- ,^at debtor is engaged in na-ors reflect more light than darker t»ona| service or is unable to pay colors. Flat finishes are best for by reason 0f war conditions. Exlarge wall surfaces, high gloss tor ,;ep^ons relate to workmen’s corn-woodwork, furniture and floors, sensation, damages for civil wrongs, Semi-luster paints are excellent tor ma;ntenance ordered paid married walls of bathroom and kitchen oe- WOmen, fines and other penalties ' cause they are easy to keep clean. ,mpUcCd by courts.
Modern weathering stains
It serves as and at the same
>
and
an
'Bluegrass State’ Title
Minnesota has laid claim to the title of the “Bluegrass State”—in defiance of Kentucky and all her colo-
4l ,	. .	. .	. nels. Minnesota has the support of
recently left him and is suing for A L. Brandon, of St. Charles, Ill-
divorce. In an attempt to win her president of the Golf Course Super hack, Mrs. Erhardt told Judge Hu- intendents’ association. After visit 1° Ph Desort, Er nest followed her |ing several Minnespolis golf courses every morning when she boarded a Brandon said:	“Fairway grass is
trolley on the way to work and bluegrass, and there is more of it trailed the street car in his ice in Minnesota than Kentucky. What truck, shouting endearments. The \a more Minnesota’s bluegrass is a court ordered Ernest to cease. ! better and sturdier specimen.”
herself.
It is our plain duty—yes, a privilege too—to buy War Savings Certificates. We too can serve by saving
Ardent Iceman
An ardent iceman is Ernest Er-hardt of Chicago, whose wife, Anna,
Extinct Dodo 15 rd
The dodo was a clumsy, defense less bird, about the size of a swan found living on Mauritius when t! < island was discovered in the S;:
Regular quarterly session of County I teenth century Council for June, 1910. held at Camp (looked beak short, stocky le4-bell*, Hay on Wednesday, June 12th. was covered with downy feat
Ï ZSS p
Ml ,Wing Mayors : J. H. McConnell, of soon exterminated and no i Alleyn dt Ca wood ; Thomas Burke, of* mens are preserved.
MINUTES
COUNTY
It had a st
I
B-A
###PAGE###5###
0
0

W'
Service Announcement
Shawville United Church Rev * A. F. Fokes B. A.t B.D. PAator
Sunday, June 30
Stark’s Corners Anniversary Services
11.00 n.m. Rev. H. 0. Steers, of Yarm,
will be the guest preacher at Stark’s Corners.
7.30	p.m. —Rev. T. A. Woods, of Ash-
ton, Ont, will be the guest preacher at Stark’s Corners.
11.00 a.m.—Service at Shawville preacher, Rev. T. A. Woods.
1.30	p.m.—Service at Zion, preacher,
Rev. T. A. Woods.
7.30	p.m.—Service at Shawville, speak-
er Mr. John Tolhurst.
The Equity
t
Furniture Department
Special June Sale of Mattress
é
Established 1863
PUBLISHED BVRHY THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC
ft
»
i
ft
r
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
$1.50



Anywhere in Canada To United States.
I
# #
ft
2.00
Eclipse Mattress, Sizes 30, 48, 54,
Marie with all Sanitary New Material
Simmons Special Sundown Mattress
Sizes 30, 48 and 54 inches
Simmons Challenge Mattress Simmons White Swan Mattress Simmons Mount Royal Mattress
4
John L. Hodgins
r»
$6.25
All arrears must be paid in full* before any paper Is discontinued
# # # #

Shawville - Quebec


rrj
W. G.COWAN, PUBLISHKR


$6.95
$8.50
$8.50
$11.50

T
M

Crickets and ’Hoppers
Thrive on Same Crops
lli i
l


je
Bristol United Church
Rev. C. Armstrong-Salbs, B, D.
Sunday, June 30
Sunday School 10.00 Sei vice at
Sunday School Service at
Sunday School Service at
Sermon Subject—“Do It Now ’
FAREWELL SERVICES
Sunday, June 30, 1940 Campbell’s Ray United Charge Rev. E G. Warren 11.00 a.m.—Service at Dunraven
2.00	p.m.—Service at Murrell’s 3.15 p.m.—Service at Bryson
5.00	p.m.—Service at Lower Litchfield 7.30 p m.—Service at Campbell's Bay
ANGLICAN ~
St. Paul’s.
Sunday, June 30
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m — Holy Communion 7 30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s
1.30*p.m.—Sunday School 2.00 p.m —Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
2.00	p.m.—Sunday School
3.00	pm.—Evening Prayer
• Every spring hordes of Mormon crickets and grasshoppers hatch from eggs deposited during the previous summer and autumn, and then begin their destructive attack upon crops and virtually every type of vegetation throughout 24 Western states. The Mormon cricket is a serious % pest, however, only in 11 northern Rocky Mountain and Plains states.	,
These insects are similar in size, go through the same stages of development, and do their damage during the growing season. But entomologists of the federal department of agriculture point out that because of physical differences their methods of attack differ. Mormon crickets are unable to fly. They attack on foot. Most injurious grasshoppers also migrate to some extent on foot but after reaching maturity some species are active fliers and migrate by flight in great swarms, destroying vegetation wherever they alight.
The most effective method of combating Mormon crickets is by dusting the migrating hordes with sodium arsonitc. Barriers with pens to trap the crickets are an effective supplementary control. Millions of crickets pile on top of each other in the pens and are killed with a sodium arsenide dust or crude oil
Another method, similar

/
Encased in
1 '
Special Canadian Mattress
Finest Quality Sanitary Layer Felt, Inner Spring, Sizes 39, 48 and 54 inches
St. Andrews,
v
11.00
44
4
2.00
Knox,

$14.50
3.00
10.30
Austin,
AND
The Royal Canadian Inner Spring Mattress, Special

7.30
^ ACCESSORIES
$15.75
CUl Canadian fdu<A
\
T-6
«

Simmons Inner Spring Mattress

x
X
I The Hodgins Lumber Go.
x
X
¦¦/A
\
X
X
§
\
X
a
x
a
X
&

1
x
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
\
N

v
5


x
X
if
X
l
X

I
I

I
*
solution.
in principle, is to dig trenches to trap the crawling cricket army Hoppers are controlled by feeding them poison bait. The most effective method is • to broadcast a moistened mixture of bran, sawdust and liquid sodium arsenite
practicable this bait is applied on egg bed areas to poison the young hoppers and thus prevent migration.
Last year the federal government spent approximately $2,200,000 in controlling grasshoppers. This was supplemented by contributions from co-operating states, estimated at slightly in excess of $1.300,000.
The cost of controlling Mormon crickets during the same year was nearly $400.000, co-operating states contributing $201.000 Protection was afforded to 1,375.564 crop acres. Crops on only 12,935 acres were destroyed.
§


g
M
-

5* ^..
g Phone 27



§
8
1 THE HODCINS LUMBER COMPANY
iN
Bristol School Board
Wher-
f
ever

„ June 10, 1640
Bristol School Commissioners met on above dite, present, Chairman Woods and Commissioners Graham, Stewart and Walsh.
The minutes of last meeting were read and on motion of Comr. Stewart were adopted.
Motion by Comr. Wahh that this Board close its schools for this term on June 27th.
Motion by Comr. Graham, that the following bills be approved and paid Gladys McGillis, sweeping No 6 $2 80 E. M. Findlay, labor at No. 9..	2 80
The Montreal Star, ad for
teachers ............
Merle and Velma Angus, sweeping No 10 ..................
Lloyd Hudson, firing No. 3....	7 00
V. C. Sutherland sweeping No 3	8 OO
G.G. Tubman chalk and matches 1 OO K. M. Graham, piling wood....	2 00
Mae Gilpin, sweeping No. 2 ..	8 00
Motion by Comr Graham, that Andrew Daley be appointed to audit the books for this year.
On motion of Comr Stewart the meeting adjourned.
§
Quebec
$14.85
$19.95
$22.50
$25.00
$30.00
$39.50
Shawville,
Health Rest Slumber Deep Slumber Fing Deep Sleep Ostermoor Beauty Rest
§
»
%



c
%
«

&


1
DALE’S TINSHOP
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Simmons Sliding Couches
For your home or Summer Cottage $12.50
Couch Covers
Good Quality Mattress and Cover
ià
1 76
Killing Bear Was 'Routine* For Early Woman Settler
Examination of early records and photostats copies of such documents among the services to posterity carried on by historians of the national park service. One such record concerns the family of an early settler in Yellowstone National park. Its laconic style is as significant of the period as is the thrilling experience related
•‘In June, '81. ! went to Omaha .... business, expected to be gone 30 days; had sufficient grub to last till my return cached away in a root house apart but near my cabin, while ! was gone and my wife and four children was necessarily alone.
“Soon after my departure one morning two bears came down the mt., smelling the meat &c. in root house: approached same and went to digging through the dirt roof.
“Wife saw it was.either kill bears
She took rifle, shot one
8 00
P-U-M-P-S
$6.95

are
«
If you take Quality into consideration the prices quoted here are less than any Catalogue House.
We are carrying a large stock of Beatty Pumps and Parts for every purpose, all at a price to suit you. this stock and save money.
H. I. Smith,
Sec.-Treas.
Call in and see
GROCERY DEPARTMENT
on
3-	Harry Horne’e Jelly, (25c value) and Plate —
"	“	*'	16	44	14 Sherbet ..
Minute Tapioca and Tumbler....
4—	Supreme Jelly and Tumbler ........
Prepared Mustard, 0 oz. Tumblers.........
*4	4#
23c

23c
Bicycle Ridera
Take too Many Chances
15c

is
• s
1-
LESLIE DALE
Shawville,
25c
# #
10c
It would appear that with ever increasing number of motor vehicles bicycle riders would be more prone to acquire safe habits. Such is not the truth however and accidents involving bicycles are becoming more and more numerous.
Bicyclists themselves are generally res-posible for these mishaps. Even though it would not be fair to lay the entire blame upon the shoulders of bicycle owners. It is an established fact that bicycle riders are not conversant enough with traffic rules, that they take chances too often and that their bikes are not always in good shape.
Night accidents, and particularly those happening on country roads, are due, for the greater part, to the absence of proper lighting. Lights are compulsory equipment on all bicycles at night! there must be a white headlight and a red tail light or a reflector in order to attract motorists' attention.
Since the beginning cf the fair weather, the Cycle Safety Club sponsored 1 by the Quebec Safety League to promote safety amongst bicyclists, has been recommending the adoption of pedals equipped with lights or reflectors: such pedals would draw attention of drivers more effectively than present-day retiect-
14c
16
44
Quebec
17c
24
44
%4
44
gallons
99c
4%
44
CHI
or starve. hear through the lungf" He came
rolling toward her. She ran in cab in and closed door just in time, as boar threw himself against it. shaking the whole house. He found it useless, however, and went off. Wife followed him un the ml. found him breathine hard.shot him through 1he heart. Wo^hed 700 lbs. Skin was snnilt whoo I ent home, but wife snd bah#»* were safe/'
Mac Lean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
»
>yig(r	f f	(f f f f f	f f f f <* * r ft p 0
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves"
Wilson’s Garage
25c
Sweet Mixed Pickles, 27 oz bottle Dill Pickles,
Tomato Catsup,
Oak-Leaf Tomato Juice, 2d oz can.... Apple and Raspberry Jam, per jar
Plum Jam, per jar...~....
Jelly Powders, all flavors, per pkg Coffee, fresh ground, per pound Black Tea, bulk, per pound Map-0 Spread, 26 oz tin GM. Peanut Butter, 20 oz icebox jar.
A.G.F. A. KODAK FILMS
• •
The Same Reliable Service
15c
17
I *
• •
Roy 6. Fraser
• M
17c
25
1
« I
4 «
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
If f If
••••••
Flowers, Gifts, Novelties
idc
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886
25c
i
Phono 160
#***####
Ford Service
23c
e • ê
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
V
5c
I
ALL SIZES
ors.
H
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in vite your patronage, orders of $1.00 or over, phone us collect.
$5.00 or over phone us collect and we shall prepay.
39c
J. P. Wilson

• • e •
• • • •

60<
Melon-Tasting Device -When it comes to sample-tasting muskmelons, the tongue takes a back seat to a mechanical “taster' devised by two University of Min nesota horticulturists The process simple
is placed on a small p!ale and light passing through it reflects to show the exact sugar content or sued ness <>t the melon The “refract meter’
method of persona! lasting, tj ticuiturists said.
On
••••••••
# #
• • • •
Main Street Shawville. Quebec
Phone 40
GUARANTEED
25c
• •
§•••••••
• • • •
On orders of
25c
11
15c
« «
< I
i s
• •
I 4
4 4
e e
A drop ut melon juict
THE CORNER STORE
CARD OF THANKS
Mr. and Mrs. John L Hodgins and family desire to express their sincere appreciation to many friends and neighbours for expressions of ayropathy and deeds of kindness received during the death of Mrs. Hodgins brother, Mr. Wm. Wallace.
Grapefruit Juice, 50 oz tin..........
Red & White Baking Powder per tin
Dates, pitted, per pound.............
Pure Lard, 2 pounds..................
25c
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts SHAWVILLE, - QUE.
25c
Phone anytime between 7am
and 11 p.m.
• • • •
15c
is twice as rapid as the «>!'
a
23c
1
###PAGE###6###
I
s
/
Camp of the V. M. C. A. near the town of Jasper in Jaaper National Park, Alberta, and hotel accommodation at Edmonton and Winnipeg. From Port Arthur the journey is resumed on the ». » Moronic to Sarnia, Ont.,
to Hamilton,
The return journey will com-from Vancouver on July
Farm Notes ..
Britain’s Children On The Move Again
mence gggggggggggggMgg
24 by a trip on the Canadian
National Steamships boat up to Prince Rupert, B.C. and thence eastward over Canadian National lines to Port Arthur, Ont., including 14 nights at the Lake Edith
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
EXPORT WHITE CHEESE
The Dominion Dairy Products Board announced., following its first meeting held in Ottawa on May 27th, that all cheese manufactured in Canada after the 31st of May, 1940, to be acceptable for export to the United Kingdom, must be white and unwax
ed.
Under a recent agreement the British Ministry of Food will buy up to November 30, 1940, a total of 78,400,000 lb. of Canadian cheese at a price of 14 cents per lb. for first grade cheese f.o.b. steamship at Montreal during the season of navigation and 14 cents f.o.b. rail Montreal during the winter months. The ex", will be arranged by the Dairy Products Board.
POINTS ON ItOGS
Attention must be paid to at least four important points before our bacon will sell in the top price brackets. They are continued improvement in type and breeding; marketing at proper weights ; finishing to No. 1 selection rather than to No. 2 and No. 3 standards ; and production of such hogs at not more than six months of age. Each point is very important, and together they constitute an interesting challenge to all Canadian hog producer*
and
k
Niagara
thence
Falls, by boat to Toronto.
I
LESSON XII
MALACHI DEMANDS HONESTY TOWARD COD — Malachl Printed Text, Mai. 3.7-18
“Bring ye the whole
i This Curious World
By William Ferguson

m

Golden Text tithe Into the storehouse, that there be food In my house, and
herewith, eaith Jo-


- V
i
may
prove me now hovah of hosts. If I will not open the windows of heaven, and out a blessing, that there
IN AUSTRALIA,
about 1,000.000POUNDS
ARE SPENT ANfNt-lAULY OONTROUUNC3 THE SPREAD ^ OF RABJ3/TS/


you

/
pour you
shall not be room enough to receive It” — Mai. 3:10.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time — The exact date of Mal-chi'a ministry is not known, but most scholars place it between 430
and 425 B.C.
Place — Jerusalem.
We find in this lesson many passages revealing the truth which is so often forgotten, that the knowledge which we hold as Christians concerning God and salvation ha« tremendous practical implications, and that we cannot say (hat a part of our life is dominated by spiritual truths, and then shut the law of God out of other parts of our lives; thus such matters as honesty, purity, the question of divorce, the question of separation, all must be determined by what God says about these things ; “in thy light shall we see light.” If we really sincere about following the Lord, we must let his law penetrate every part of our life.
THE PROPHET MALACHI The word Malachl means literally “my messenger.” Of the prophet himself we know absolutely nothing. But we feel sure that in the time of Nehemlah, Malachl was acting as the prophet of God, co-operating with the civil authority in bringing about the moral reformation of the people. By his writing, Malachl is known as the Hebrew Socrates.
The book of Malachl begins with __ exposure of the corrupt practices of the priesthood of the day; and then the prophet turns to the people of Israel as a whole, pointing out in striking language one sin after another of which they were guilty. Malachl # primary charge against Israel was in regard to marriages — marriages with heathen wives, and frequent divorces. The prophet again bases his reproof on the relation of Israel to God.
HIS ACCUSATIONS Tragically, these terribly guilty Israelites were blind not only to their own sin, but to the judgment which was soon to fall upon them. Malachl implies that the nation was not prepared for the reception of the Lord, and therefore had not ground for murmuring at the delay of the manifestation of divine
glory.
3:7. Prom the days of your fath-ye have turned aside from mine ordinances, and have not kept them. Return unto me, and I will return unto you, salth Jehovah of hosts. But ye say. Wherein shall we return? 8.Will a man rob God? yet ye rob me. But ye say, Wherein have we robbed thee? In tithes and offerings. 9. Ye are cursed with the curse; for ye rob me, even this entire nation.
7
A
Cf
(L\c^4


i
m



port


:

COM 1M7 BY NM BfBVlCB. WC.
fi#
/
i


/
I

y

,n


¦1
i









r ;








K'Z



Si














¦ b





Hcw



m

-










m





O



•¦• :




:
1,
c?
A'


^ARE KNOWN UNDER. THE
generic name. "TAMIAS, meaning stemxj*
BECAUSE OF THEIR. HABIT OF STORING
A WAV PROVISIONS
». f
School Boys* Tout To Pacific Coast
During the long period of inactivity on the western front, many of the children who had been evacuated from English cities returned
Sâïï SthT.dXï'rr™,1 Ttzsr&SNss
children may come to Canada.
t
are
C/
THE SMALL
CONE-
-HEADED
LIZABjD
HAS A TAIL.
OA/E YA&JD

all-expense-included tour
Canada for school hoys,
An


They Must Work Hard For Glamor
across
under the personal direction of Harold Bo-tt of the Montreal High School, will be available this sum-to all boys who desire to join the party, according to C. K. Howard, manager of the Tourist and Convention Bureau, Canadian National Railways. This tour, including the highlights of travel both railways and across the
all things, and that they themselves
were in penury, and were scandalized and said, “what does it benefit me that I worship the one true God, abominate idols, and, pricked with the consciousness of sin, walk mournfully before God?
SOME CONCLUDING PROMISES
16. Then they that feared Jehovah spake one with another; and Jehovah hearkened, and heard, and a book of remembrance was written before him, for them that feared Jehovah, and that thought upon his name. 17. And they shall be all mine, saibh Jehovah of hosts, even mine^ own possession, in the day that I make; and I will spare them, as a man spareth his own sou
that serveth him not.
The second precious promise at
the close of Malachi’a 1 those that fear the Lord is the assurance
victory that will be consummated in the day of the Lord, a victory that in its perfect form is still to take place in the future, at the end of this age, when the Lord Jesus Christ himself shall come back again to complete his redemptive work among the nations of the earth. The whole chapter is a future prophecy.
hunger, misery,
• •
*
1
y
mer
J
IN
LEhJCSTH.
Why Movie Stars and Photographers* Models Always Do Look Their Best
.
»
THE Australian government erected over 6000 miles of wire fencing in its efforts to control its rabbit population, but wi little success. The millions of rabbits now inhabiting three-fourths of the country are descendants of two dozen wild rabbits brought
in about one hundred years ago.
» _
NEXT: To whom do meteorites belongÎ
¦ i
No woman needs to waste time and conversation envying motion picture stars and glamorous magazine models their good figures, and smart clothes and nice complexions because any girl who is determined to improve her own appearance can follow their example — that Is, If she is determined enough.
Most of them get more exercise and more sleep thau you and you. They realize that sleep is the great cure-all for fine lines around the eyes, downward sloping lines from to corners of the mouth. It puts a sparkle in the eyes and it gives the complexion a youthful gleam.
They know, too, that no woman looks younger than her walk, her posture. Lack of exercise causes the knee joints to stiffen, thigh muscles to become tense and stiff.
To keep from gaining too much weight, the average model or picture star eats foods that are low in caloric content. Vegetables, salads and fruits rather thau rich pastries, heavy gravies and such.
over
Great Lakes, side trips by bus, steamer trips between Vancouver, Victoria and Prince Rupert, B.C., total of 38 nights in hotels and outdcor camps in the west, are part of the plan to make the journey a most memorable outing,
stated Mr. Howard.
Round Trip, 51 Days
The round-trip tour will take 51 days from Montreal back to Montreal, and will commence with the departure of The Continental Limited train of the Canadian National Railways from Bon-aventure station, Montreal, on Friday, June 28 for Winnipeg, where a change-over will be made to a Canadian Pacific train for the remainder of the trip westward to Vancouver and by boat to Victoria, B. C. and return to the coast. This trip westward includes overnight stops at Calgary, Banff, Lake Louise, Alta, Vancuover and 13 nights at Glintz Lake Camp on Vancouver Island, most of which will be at the Y. M. C. A.
an
a
m
l
COMMON RODENT
Answer lo Previous Punie
15 Sketched 21 Sowing
23	Brittle.
24	It belongs to the family
HORIZONTAL
1 Pictured rodent.
k for
PJHSIUB ¦t=]fl]IBIfilOfil
a mmawa mum
till il BU ill!») »]
3 Id® =IIÉ 4 il »J
faits 141105 B4*
@ cm a 4 mm u
warns ishsamm 'sqbii
ÏÏ1BM4K1 15411 Hlllfl!4.SI II 4011 14 MUIB % Ïl4ffl El 4la7JllHM MSI a Stem ÏIIIWEJI4, .LfflfflBfl

JOHN
of victory over all evil,
of
nose
7 It is southern Europe.
12	Egg-shaped.
13	Positive elec* trie terminal.
16	Poems.
17	To delete.
18	Rhythm.
19	Dregs.
20	Plants.
22	Devoured.
23	A spreading 45 Spikes of corn outward
BUMN
of
26	Mountain.
27	Half an em.
29	Male*
30	Pulpy fruit
31	To rent.
36	Company (abbr >
37	Papa
39	Damp
40	Native.
41	Challenge.
42	Verbal.
43	Birds’ retreat 46 Pain.
i N i Am
p
MiSIMieilM
era
VERTICAL
1	Scepter.
2	Class of birds.
3	Bundle.
In the movie-houses of the U. S. A., the biggest audiences go to the Sunday performances.
49	To reduce.
50	Indistinct.
52 Shrewd.
54 Rubber pencil ends.
25 To
commission.
28 Talisman.
32	North Africa.
33	Stormed.
34	Pig pen.
35	Related through the mother.
37	Jumbled type. 59 Sesame.
38	Merely named 60 It is considered a Australia
(PL).
4 To decay
56 Russian meas- 5 Beret.
ure of length. 6 A variety of 47 Feels regret.
this animal
(Pl.>.
7	Bom.
8	Tax.
Canadian Airmen Grimly Resolute On Arrival In London

#
48	Let it stand.
49	Energy.
50	Mister (abbr.
51	Year (abbr)
9 Mental image. 53 Being.
55 Electric tcrr.\ 57 Spanish (abbr.).
is
58 Its
used for coats
(PU.
. THE TITHE
God demanded the tithe only as & minimum, and they had carelessly given him what he claimed —
in tithes and offer-
'
in 10 To shift.
11 Existence. 14 Low tide.
41 Sound of large bell. 44 Palm leaf.
«the minimum inga. They had robbed God in that they had not responded to the divine claim in the spirit in which it was made, but had offered that which was allowed by measurement and rule rather than in the spirit of love. A tithe is all right it it i« something you feel. If It is something which puts you in danger of being dishonest,
and if it le out of harmony with
success in life, it is ab-
4
3
iff

s
3

2

1
I
9
8
i
17


*
!
m

F
3
0
It is wrong:
27

24

m

ü
your own •olutely wrong.
10.	Bring ye the whole tithe into the store-house, that there may be food in my house, and prove now herewith, saith Jehovah of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it.
11.	And I will rebuke the devour-er for your makes, and he shall not destroy the fruits of your ground; neither shall your vine cast its fruit before the time in the field, satth Jehovah of hosts.
12.	And all nations shall call you happy; for ye shall be a delight-
land, saith Jehovah of hosts.
Do not imagine because we are living in a spiritual dispensation w# are no longer bound in the matter of material giving.
13.	Your words have been stout against me, saith Jehovah. Yet ye
What have we spoken against
i
8
I
a»
33

me
pi
IS


38
m

I


2
I
#
55
sSB5$56£SS£&H=£iS,er 6 ““ — 2
58
some
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—In Search of Recognition
• <

-'TIL r WEAR SOMEONE
.saxlK
" WHO S-that CHAP
whatTcheer; *
pop?
GOING FAR?
I
VESf l'M GOING JO
walking -
i y
1
eay,
thee? 14. Ye have said, It is vain to serve God; and what profit is it that we have kept his charge, and that we have walked mournfully before Jehovah of hosts ? II. and bow we call the proud happy; yea, they that work wickedness are àU built up; yea, they tempt God, and escape. The people who retürned from Babylon seemed to have a knowledge of God, and to observe the law, and to understand their sin, and to offer sacrifices for to pay tithes, to observe the bath and the rest, commanded to
l
i <
%

I
\
2
i

7
Jr
i
I

I

!

i


» T
«%*
K
---
~:l

• *

f-jr/
H - jt*

I
r.
###PAGE###7###

of the plant to which the individual is sensitive, or
(2) Having determined what pollen is responsible, submitting to desensitization with the appropriate pollen extracts for protection.
Change of Climate: Sensitive persons should get away in the hay fever season to resorts on the north shore of the 9t. Lawrence, on the Gaspe Coast or nearby Lake Superior or Rainy River. Comfortable places to stay will be found in either area.
DESENSITIZATION Desensitization Treatment:	A
of small scratches is made the surface of the skin with-
the true skin. On
Britain’s Coast Anti-Air Defence Posts Stand Ready For Foe
CHEW
mger?
WHAT
LASTS
.



LO
à
m
*
p

*
*







is*

ï
¦ *
m

w.

*

U
s*




*
*



»
*



*



r
#//1

Si
m«
THAT'S EASY


m
*
>

4-
»
*
t
$
>'


0#
+

#c
MM
BIG BEN!


*'
senes
** /.
on
out pierting these scratches extracts of pollen, animal dandruff, foods or dusts are placed. If a hive or reddened area is produced by one
of the extracts used, it indication that the individ-
7
V
etc

•9

or more
is an
ual is sensitive to that particular product. Having discovered the or causes, the next step is
The PERFECT Che wing Tobacco
cause
to desensitize by injecting a email quantity of the offending agent or agents.
Treatment should be begun 2 months before the season when the attack usually occurs. If the attacks are due to pollen, it w;ll be necessary to continue the desensitization for 3 or 4 years. Most of the sufferers will say
4
N
&
that, having gained a cure, it has been worth while.
“Older people do not seem to realize that as a result of so many developments the younger
»
m
mm
V
i
HBBWPl^ËJ ..#'.. ,lÿ. JllrW.lf.... .r Tr	a^|r j|
In the sand dunes along the British coast anti-air defence posta stand ready to do their bit in repelling any attempted Nazi invasion of England. This large calibre coastal-defence gun, lifts its head m challenge to any invader. Note the barbed wire entanglements about the gun.

m

*
new
generation is bound to be different.”
f 0
m
While working on a film, Bette Davis has six large glasses of milk in the course of a day.



William Lyon Phelps.
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS...
Into the water. A bit thick, wasn’t
see
it?’’
HEALTH
TOPICS
Modern
Etiquette
MEN AND WOMEN WANTED
excellent
opportunity — exclusive territory rights for live-wire ambitious men and women, selling a line of guaranteed quality products. Send for our Plan and catalogue TODAY. Familex Products Company. 670 St Clement St., MONTREAL.
JUNE—JULY CHICKS MUST HAVE quick start, fast growth, early, full development, early production. Bray’s have proven moneymakers for many Summer eus-tomers. Specialties now: 1*8. x N. H. Leghorns, N.H. x B.R., Columbian Wyandottes, with European market sources closed, Britain
\mada for supplies. r, 130 John S., Ham-
AGENTS WANTED_____________
tective System, B. Phillips Company Limited. 32 Osborne Avenue. Toronto._______
agents wanted to represent “The Old Reliable front hill Nurseries/* Exclusive territory in town or country. Liberal terms paid weekly. Handsome free outfits. Stone and Wellington, Toronto.	_______ _
“Hurry up, Harry! I simply must go out and show off my new dress.”
“Wait a minute. I simply must cut the frayed ends off of my coat sleeves.”
DIRECT SELLING
BY ROBERTA LEE
Hay Fever
Hay fever can be cured, says Dr. John W. S. McCullough of the Health League of Canada. The larger number of cases caused by pollen from windborne pollenated plants, including certain grasses, weeds, especially ragweed, and trees. Flowering plants such as the rose, dandelion and goldenrod cannot be blamed. Certain foods, powders, animal dandruffs and feathers may act as
will look to V Bray Hatchery. 130 John llton.	____
PHOTO FINISHING
Ontario Plans Refugee Care
Q. When a guest brings a gift to hie or her hostess, isn't it untact-tol lor the hostess to say:	You
needn’t have done that,” or some similar phrase?
A. Yes. It Is very ungracious for the hostess to say such a thing which implies that the guest did Ü, not from a sense of appreciation and generosity, but merely as a duty.
Q. How long should a guest remain after a luncheon in a friend’s
home?
A. Thirty minutes to an hour Is sufficient, unless the luncheon Is followed by cards or some other entertainment.
Q. Should a man wear a * bile lie with a tuxedo?
A. No.
Q. If a young man sends a girl a corsage to wear to some particular affair, but the flowers do not harmonise with the one suitable gown she must wear, what should •he do?	___
A. Wear them anyway, or carry them. It would be very rude to leave them at home.
Q. Isn’t the bridegroom privileged to wear any kind of clothes he prefers, for the ceremony?
A. No. He should choose his slothes to correspond with the formality of his bride's dress.
Q. Is it correct to address an elderly housekeeper as "Mrs
"fMlsa”T
A. Yes. i
FREE! You Can Now Own
BATTERY SELF-ffHARGER
WHY BUY NEW RADIO “B" BAT-r.erlcs? Guaranteed fo recharge old ones like new. $1.25 brings complete automatic self-charger and full plan. Minurd Monsen. Park-side. Sask.
complete set of beautiful silverware absolutely without cost, manufactured and guaranteed by International .Silver Company. You may have this complete set absolutely free by sending your films to Imperial. Send an order and receive complete partir-
ais
authors:
Province Expects 600 Children Every Two Weeks
Plans for the care of British and French refugee children in Ontario are rapidly approaching completion. lion. Eric Cross. Minister of Public Welfare, announced last week.
The province's plan provides for the establishment of a central clearing house in Toronto where the children will receive complete physical examination and any necessary immediate care. They then will be placed in private homes.
It was learned that the Ontario government expects to accept 500 children every two weeks and that their ages will range from eight o fourteen.
NEW YORK ROOK PUBLISHER 1* searching for unusual and outstanding book manuscripts for publication on both royalty and co-operation basis. Falcon I ress, 274 Madison Avp.. Now York.
JHLSIXESS OPPORTUNITY
ulars of this amazing offer. Six or eight exposure films develoned and printed 25c, or 8 reprints 25c. plus your choice of a free enlargement in easel mount or free silverware. To get the best in quality and service send your films to Imperial Photo Service. Station J. Toronto.
ARE YOU INTERESTED IN MAKing money? Start a business of your own at home in spare time. Valley Field Sales Company, P.O. Box 592. Toronto._________
aviation
URGENTLY REQUIRES TRAINED men, capable of maintaining and building aircraft. Canada s largest Aviation Training School offers courses in Flight Training. Air-rraft Mechanics and Aircraft Welding which should assure intelligent. capable men of future in *n industry which will develop Indefinitely; not fade away when the war Is over. Look to your future. Full particulars from Leav-firothere. Barker Airport, or
Toronto. Phone
causes.
But everyone does not contract hay fever. It occurs in persons with an inherited sensitivity to other of the causes. Over
ELECTRIC MOTORS
1 H P. MOTORS.
ATTENTION.	l
tiU or 25 cycle. $5.50. rebuilt guaranteed. Spadina Electric. 3b2 Spa-dina. Toronto.	_____________
QUICK ACTION HOME COURSE
FREE WITH EVERY STRING INstrument. Send for big No. 39 catalog. Instruments exchanged, repaired. Peate Musical Co., 1131 Mansfield. Montreal.______________
one or
80 per cent of persons who suffer from hay fever or asthma have inherited a sensitivity to the
EXTERMINATOR
“DERPO" BUG KILLER — 85c. Exterminates bedbugs, moths, cockroaches, crickets, fleas, lice, ana
ticks.	_	,
At Entons. Simpson's. Tamblyns local dealers or Derpo Products. Toronto.	_______________
ens
Island Airport. KEnxvood 3831.
—¦—TURKEY #
TURKEYS — WITH
range, put some fine Bray i ur-kevs in the brooder house to r,>m* along fast for Fall and Winter markets. Day-old. started. Prompt shipment. Bray Hatchey. 130 John N.. Hamilton.	_______
various agents.
Chief Causes:
(1) Grasses such as timothy, red top, blue grass and others.
<2) Trees such as the cottonwood, oak of many species.
(3) Weeds, of which the chief offender is ragweed. It is said that 70 per cent of all hay fever victims in America owe their trouble to common ragweed and related species.
Hay Fever Seasons:	Grasses
and trees as a rule, cause attacks in the Spring and early Summer, whereas weed? arc the cause of late summer and early Fall attacks.
CHTCKS ON
BAlxEKV EQUIPMENT
MACHIN-
BAKERS' OVENS AND
ery. also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Lorres-pondence Invited. Hubbard Port, able Oven Co.. 103 Bathurst St_ Toronto	.
¦	FARM EQUIPMENT___________
SPECIAL BARGAINS WHILE THEY Last — all equipment reconditioned and guaranteed. Demonstrating and Rebuilt Melotte Cream Separators: Electric Grinders: Grinders: Hammer Mills:	Lets Roughage
Mills: Diesel Engines, all sizes; Gasoline Engines: Electric Lighting Plants: Tine and Link Her. rows:	Washing Machines; Coal
and Wood Stoves: Water Pumps and Pressure Systems; Electric Floor Polishers; Aerated Milk Coolers:	Fractional Horsepower
Motors: Write me today. S. A. Lister. Stewart St.. Toronto.
*
#
9
WATER WELLS
What Science
Il A II V THICK*
\VR GUARANTEE WATER OR NO money. We use screens *.n nil walls where quick sand is ercountered. Special plan for dug wells needing curbing, saves half. Large screens for dug well with bad quick ennd. Wells drilled. Send five dollars for making tests or locating water. R. J. Ashton. Port Hope. Ont.
WORTH OF
:
YOU RECEIVE THE
your money when you buy Johnson's chicks, they are bred to Uy and are good tabic fowl. Prices for June and to end of season. Rocks 8 cents. 90 per cent Pullets 17 cents, i’ocKcrcls 2 cents. All are blood tested. Rocks bred from O. B. S. stork, foghorns The Barron Strain. Safe arrival guaranteed. 10 per cent with order. J. D. Johnson. Fergus. Ontario.
Is Doing j

NEW ANTISEPTIC
Another new tion to control wounds, just announced, is a form of chlorine, the deadly poison gas which combines with water in the lungs or on sweaty parts of the body to form hydrochloric
acid.
• •
antiseptic sol’J-bacteria in
LYONS’
SUMMER SALE
RECONDITIONED FURNITURE
The largest assortment of high-class reconditioned furniture in the city. Every article guaranteed thoroughly clean and sold with a positive money-back guarantee of satis-
$19.50 3-piece Chesterfield Suite, in figured jacquard, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$7.95 Single Chesterfield* in repps, and mohair covers, ideal for summer cottages.
$22.50 Smart 3-piece repp Chesterfield suite. Reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$27.00 Large brown mohclr Theater-field Suite, 3 pieces. Figured reversible Marshall cushions.
$35.00 Modern 3-piece Chesterfield Suite in rust repp. Figured reversible Marshall cushions.
$49.00 Beautiful large 3-plcoe Chesterfield Suite, upholstered in green mohair. Marshall spring cushions. Perfect.
$17.50 Solid oak dining room suite
Buffet, table and
HE AV Y
BUY QUALITY CHICKS. EASY T<> raise, the stand-by of thousands of poultry-keepers year after year. Day old and started. Two hatches a week to take care of prompt shipment. Vigorous breeding stock. Selling Farms A Hatchery. Elmlrn. Ontario. _____________________
windows, doors — sash, structure steel, used galvanized sheeUng — everything for the farmer. Frank-„I Brothers. Limited, Don and Eastern Avenue. TORONTO.
ft
or
Methods of Treatment
In Canada, the common ragweed, the thief offender, is found at its worst in the southwestern peninsula of Ontario, and almost equally so in the rest of settled Ontario and Southern Quebec. Through all the sparsely settled 5»orth, from Gaspe to Rainy River and even on the open prairie, the ragweed found is usually the related perennial ragweed of the West or the great ragweed both of which occur rather sparingly eastward. Relief depends on:
(1) Getting beyond the bounds
The solution, known as "Azo-chloramid,” can be applied in wet
dressings directly on a ---------
and by the slow liberation of chlorine it attacks germs direct-
FILMS______________
,d and 8 prints 25c. Reprints 3c. The quality of our work has kept our customers across « anadn. satisfied for over 10 years. W. A. St am am an Co c-hener, Ont.
• HATE -
TOO HEARD?!
?
Bam Roofing—Granary Lining
SVPERTITE STEEL SHEETS COST les*, cover more, last longer, lay faster, save sheathing. Buy now before war advances prices, direct from factory. Superior Products Limited. 15 Nelson Street. Sarnia. Ontario.
wound
W A. Weber St. E., Kit-
ly.
COLOR PHOTOS OF INSIDES
A device for making color pictures of the inside of the human body is announced by three Atlanta, Ga
They have adapted a miniature color camera to a cystoscope, one of the four type* of telescopes used to explore inside the body, and made photographs of the
bladder’s interior.
Experts in surgery declare that the camera also might be adapted to instruments used to examine the interior of the head, lungs and stomach.
• •
REDUCED PRICES GO INTO EF-feet July 1st on all Baden High Quality Government Approved chicks* from blnod-testcd breeders. Standard Quality Vhlte Leghorn* $7.25. 90 par cent. Pullet* S14.50. Cockerel* $1.45. Barred Hock*. New Hemps $7.75. ^"ct*^ $li.4^ Barred Rock cockerel* $b.7o. New Hemp cockerel* $6.50. White Rock*. White Wyandotte*. Light Sussex. Hybrid* Barred Rock* r New He mo*. New Ham pa x Barred Rocks. White Leghorn* x Barred Rocks $8.25. Pullet* $11.95. Cockerels $7.75. After July 15th. lower price* non-sexed chick*. 30 cents per hundred lower. Pullets et*, lower. Started chick*. Turkey poult*. Capon*. Big Egg Quality hatched from 25 to 30 ounce eggs slightly higher. Free catalogue. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery. Limited. Baden, Ontario.
The oldest inhabitant had Just celebrated bis birthday, and a r» porter from a local newspaper was cent to interview him.
"And, tell me, what would you do U you could have your time all ever again?”
There was a long silence, while the oldest Inhabitant appeared to be deep In thought.
”! think I would part my ha the middle.” he replied.
FURNITURE for SALE
FREE
ïsu,7d rum.-
tu re bargains sent on request. All goods sold on money-back guar-nntec. Wholesale Furniture. 466 Bathurst Street. Toronto.
physicians.
•I
mls-matched.
6 chair*.	,
$24.00 Fumed oak dining suite, buffet. extension table end 6 learher upholstered chair*.
$39.00 Solid oak dining suite. 9 pieces. buffet, extension table, china cabinet, and 6 leather upholstered
chair*.	M ,
$59.00 Modern 9-piece oak suite, buffet. extension china cabinet and 6 leather upnol-
stered chair*.	, .	_
$69.00 Larro dining suite in rich 2-tone walnut finish, buffet, extension tabic, china cabinet anJ 6 leather upholstered chair*.
$89.00 Beautiful solid walnut dining suite (cost new approximately $225.) large buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$129.00 Large solid walnut dining
chair teats and
ASTHMA SUFFERERS
GROWERS, ATTENTIONS
FRUIT GROWERS, GARDENERS.
g=SSB5
lelee
CLEARAZMA la a mew miaraateed to give quick •Itlie relief from Aatkma attacks. If you are not satisfied with results after return the empty 1. refund your money. Write for a box of CLKARAZMA to-day and enclose $1.00 cash or a money-order.
hair
se. simply and we'll
1 y
box
dining
table.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE
Teacher: "Why, Mary, that's a queer pair of stockings you have on — one green and one brown.”
Mary: “Yes, and I've got another pair like these at home.”
A man was boasting of his own •irength. and how he had once felled an ox by a blow from his "That's not bad,” ia16 a llsten-"but I once saw a chap knock down a factory with one blow of a hammer.
"gome Samson, that chap boaster sneered.
"No,” replied th*fpther. “He was m Sot much of a chap to look at, but
a Jolly good acutloneer
An American prison provides pocket-money, four meals a day, tobacco, radio and films for Inmates. Guards are posted on the walls to prevent attempts at •scape by the public outside.
YOUTH
dominion-provincial
Training offers free domestic service course to young women between sixteen and thirty years of age. For further Information apply in writing to Supervisor. Home Service Training School. Dept of Labor, Parliament Buildings. Toronto.	_________—
ASSOCIATED DRUG PRODUCTS 1277 Quee» Street West#
INFANTILE VIRUS?
Definite proof that sewage car-the virus of infantile par-
THERE IS PROFIT IN JUNE chick* and extra nroflt If you purchase Twcddle High Quality livable fast-maturing chick*. New low prices effective June 17th. Grade "A" White Leghorn* *8.00. 90 per cent Pullet* $16.00. Cockerel* $1.00. Barred Rock* *8.50, Pullet* $13.00, Cockerels $6.95. New Hampshire* $8.00. Pullets $14.00. Cockerel* $6.45. also Whit** Wyandotte*. White Rocks. Light
Black Giants.
Tomato, Oatarle
ri«*	,,
alygis during even a small epidemic of this disease is announced in the Journal of Experimental Medicine.
The virus is the cause of infantile paralysis. Where it from or where it hides between epidemics is a medical mystery, whose solution is sought as a poa-
of combatting the
Nervous Restless
MACH, FARM IMPLEMENTS
*utt. 9 piece*, backs upholstered In genuine leather.	.	. A
$24.00 T*nrge dresser in walnut finish. Simmon* steel bed to match complete with sagless spring and new mattress.
$35.00 Complete bedroom Suite in rich walnut finish, dresser, chiffonier, full size bed, sagless spr.ng and new mattress.
$17.00 Large bedroom suite In two-tone walnut. Triple mirror Vanity, chlffrobe. full size bed. angle*» spring and new mattress.
$59.00 Factory sample bedroom *uite In bleached walnut finish, w»*er-fall design, round Venetian mirrors, dresser, vanity, chiffonier and full nlze bed.
$16.95 I^rge double door wardrobe, modern, in two-tone walnut f:n-
Bowman Electric Herder
FULL GUARANTEED. 6 VOLTS. Disk regulator. Hlgh-Ivow switch battery, insulator*. Price com-niete — $16.00. Dealers wanted. Bov.man Electric Herder. Petersburg. Ontario.
MUSICAL REQUIREMENTS
LET UR LOOK AFTER YOUR MU8-icai requirements. Music, instrument*. accessories. Broadway Music. 2375 Yonge St.. Toronto.
Girls !
er,
Cranky? Restless? Can't sleep? Tire easily? Annoyed by female functional disorders and monthly distress? Then take Lydia E. Plnkham’s Vegetable Compound, famous for over 60 years in helping such rundown, weak, nervous conditions. Made especially /or women. WELL WORTH TRYING!
comes
Jersey
Sussex.
Brown leghorns, White Minorca*. Blank Minores. Ancona*. Black Australorp*. five Hybrid crosses all at extremely low prices. Also
turkey Tweddle
the
« »»
sible
disease.
The virus was found in sewage of three U. S. cities during small epidemics last summer.
means
started '•hicks poults. Free catalogue Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus. Ontario.
capon*.
» ••
A*
was
THESE NEW IA)W PRICES FOR Top Notch High Quality chick* from carefully culled blood-tested breeders go Into effect July 1st. Standard Quality White leghorn chicks $6.95. 90 per cent. Pullets $13.90, Cockerels $1.45. Barred Rock*. New Hamo* $7.45. Pullets 110 95. Barred Rock Cockerels $«.90 New Hamn cockerels $6.25. White Rocks. White Wyandotte*. Hybrids. Barred Rock* x New Hamps. New Hamp* x Barred Rocks $7.95. Pullet* $11.95. Cockerels $7.90. Large Egg Quality end Bigger Profit Quality slight. ly higher. Prices 60 cent* per hundred lower effective July 15th. j Also started chick* *nd capons. Top Notch Chlckerles. Guelph.
O »	rl
PERSONAL
f'PEDL ARIZE" for PERMANENCE I
e	When your bar a or other building is roofed and
I	aided with Pedlar "a Nu Root or PEDLAAIB —
"Council Standard" Brand, your buildings trg "Pcdiarised" against all the elements. "Council H	Standard’* is the best value money can buy. Send
dimensions for our free estimate.
MR	*"0000 row A LIFETIME -
” SOLD WITH A IS YEAR GUARANTEE”
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY
inexpensively. Home re°2e?/: Testimonials. Guaranteed^ Advice free Bartlett's Box 1 Winnipeg
ish
$14.50 6 place breakfast suite, buffet drop-leaf table and 4 chairs.
$11.50 Kitchen cabinets. sliding porcelain top, roll front*.
$10.50 Studio Couch make* into twin bed*, spring mnttree*. 3 back ¦hlon*.	...	. . .
$12,95 Simmon* steel bed in walnut finish. complete with aagleas spring and new matlre*».
Huy With Co»fltle«ce ¦old
’ Borne of the passengers were re-Ih^njr y^edf j»xjmrie^£es of $g§.
en pretty thick fogs In my time, hr. off the coast oj Newfoundland e fog was sometimes so thicx at we used to sit on the rail and
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
Used — New
//
1-
'Tv*

'I r
A.

YT
i
PEDLARS—ROOFING
*PK4 1AL1Z1NG IN REBUILT MOTORS. POWER-UNITS. Hydraulic
Heist».
Starters.
Radiator*
_	___ ¦ with m ynaltlvt
ary-back guarantee of eat lafae-
(In»
Carburetor*.
LYONS FURNITURE CO. 478 Yonge St. — Toronto
Iton uealnrt It! We were slttlgs night, ». ueuel with eur b»ok«
Jf at*
THI FIDIAR noria iimitio
Bstabhskeâ 1861
e VâOCOUMl
— Exchasgr SallsfacUo»
Levy Auto Parla, UrpL J.. Tereete.
re feed.
or
ISSUE NO. 25—’40
Mvoueei • Ow
###PAGE###8###

Red Cross Drive
Mrs. George McCord Dies Suddenly
Cemetery Memorials
Work Supplies for jln Bnsto1 —wnship
__	• m ^	t	The following is a report of	light house duties at the home l_
Aff	M ^	AT	Z	amounts received by the different	her niece, Mrs, Harold Hayes.
I y B	M ^	1AI	#	collectors in the Red Cioss Drive	The aged lady had been in her
m	m 'w . a w A	f01. Bristol :	usual health, and at the time of
Rev. C A. Sales,. $50 00	her death was alone in the room.
H. I. Smith, . 52	50	Her sister, Mrs. Thomas Major,
W. J. Marks,. 29 35	found her lying on the floor, and
Leo Elliott,. 10 00	summoned Dr. C. P. C. Fowler,
David Grant,. 18 25	who said she had died instantan-
Martin Stanton,. 17 50 eously of heart failure.
Thomas Orr,.. 5 50	Mrs. McCord, whose maiden
Total.... $201.10	name was Mary Ellen Armitage,
To swell the proceeds an enter was born in North Onslow 80 years taiument was held in the Town ago, danghter of the late Richard Hall, on June 13th. fromx which Armitage and his wife, Mary $54 57 were realized and J which McMnrtry, pioneer settlers in that brings Bristol’s contribution to section, from Ireland. She was $255 07.	married to George McCord, and
J. Sullivan, P.P. for many years they farmed in Secretary-Treasurer, North Clarendon. In 1912 they Bristol Red Cross, moved to Sha^ville, where Mr.
McCord died about 18 years ago.
She was, from her youth, a member of the Methodist and later the United Church.
Surviving are her two sisters,
Mrs. William Palmer, of Charter!*, and Mrs. Thomas Major, of Shaw-Three perfectly preserved mum- ville, mies, complete with the feathered
robes and trappings in which they afternoon from the home of Mr. were interred during the Thirteenth *nd Mrs. Hayes, to Shaw ville century, have been discovered in United Church where service was
northern Arizona by University of clon^u£te.d bP,the PAst(?r«
Arizona scientists.	A. F. Pokes, who was assisted by
Headed by Dr. Emil Haury of the Rev- 'V; Armitage. Ur. Pokes
Kaznbazua Man Dies	! Anxiliary of St. George’s Church, dence and remnants of the great Woodîev «ing8“TheAnswer" iS'fh! Spruce Balsam pulpwood, The Treasurer of the Cemetery Com-
Suddenly at Campbell s Bay	The- players were accompanied Pueblo culture of 700 years ago. I Interment was made at Wesley Ï X ’R CRr= °|> <-. H or C. P. railways, mitlee, Dr. D. J. Campbell, a,know-
Born at Kaznbazua 20 years ago, were served by the W, A.	| Despite the fact lhat the mum-	u™ Major and Mr. an/	„	Kill, N. Y..
a son of John Prestley and the The Rev. T. %E. R. Nurse ex- mies were almost seven centuries Mrs H. D. Hayes ; »Sprays, Mrs. Lydia p or Sal r, Wants, toUuti W. S. Hodgion, Domremy, Sask
late Mrs. Prestley, he is survived pressed the appreciation of the oId» Dr. Haury said some of the Hodgins ; Mr. and Mrs. Gordon brown-	T	À	G. A. Howard, .
by his father, four brothers, visitors to all who had made the feathered robes “were almost per- lee and Idena ; Mrs. W m. I aimer and	Lost 0 v C .	Mrs Wm Horsfield
Claude, Ctter Lake ; Harry, Cleare evening so enjoyable. Rev. K. fectly preserved.” One, he said, still fatally; Mrs. A. Hod gins, Mrs. J	~	’ *
and Donald, all of Kazubazua ; Bolton thanked the players and was soft and silky to touch.	Crawford, Ellis Palmer, Mrs. Norris FOR SALE—Fifty acres of good hay
five sisters, Mrs. E. Claire and orchestra for their fine perform- The walls of the cave were cov- Angus and Vera Palmer ; The Baker for sale on the 4th "Range of Clarendon.
Misses Eileen, Edna, Arlene and	ance. expressing the hope that the ered with designs and drawings rep-	Family,	Montreal,	and	the	United	Apply l° Donald Fra her, 854	Waverley
Phyllis Prestley, at home.	group would favour them with an- resenting Indian conceptions of their	Church.	street, uttnwn,
The funeral was held from his other visit in the near future.	gods and real-life scenes of con-	„
iheUnîtedUhnrch1 Kf,znbazU* t0	  temporary life Dr Haury said the	Clarendon Women's	Institute	g“AL°,d	to
tue united Ldurcn.	IPueblos painted the pictures with	---- R. J. Cvthhkrtson, Maryland.	Phone- Tv„ fnllnw n„	_A.
Funeral of the Late	Itheir fingers, using a paint made of The regular meeting of the h3 u-	forwarded to Ottawa Ont ir u«w i
Wvman Women’s Institute I Isaac Martin Held June 18th desert plants and roots.	Clarendon Women’s Institute was -—- Jum .	°	’	* M y J
9	_	I	__.	The mummies were surrounded held at the home of Mrs. R. H. WANTED—A Cook for Clarendon owo • v
BMMiÉÉfiiBS
^ E:I. ^ ^
arzÆEz	|
Tea was served and a very He was predeceased by his wife, Furthermore, the measures taken noste '_| W ANTED-Girl to do general house | Rttr1fr,rd i*LÙ, ™ ™
pleasant hour enjoyed.	I the former Minnie Agnes Schwartz, were in accordance with the die--work- Must be able to milk Good . ' ‘ mhtl anrl i	«viôm!- ’
«re,%	*"» 2LT>'~'“	«TpAA'Y—" ¦
Pons. Herbert, Fred und ürnest, poseS sought.	The family of the late Isaac Martin _	pyjama ”• jlodera »nd < suits
Ms*-Kdl,hP	I,*.**• -?,rr*
eSSSSSSK.1	W“ Wb«..r«Ub;'SÎ'berel0."d «” i.“l. bUThè «ad. of ioi.ls embedded	id.ïb.f” to.’u.jSd.™Tad'	FOR RENT1	- 1	—
-Since the 17th of May, when family, testified to tlie high esteem in a masonry foundation wall may	expressions of sympathy in	our	recent of good P««turc. well fenced ana lots of
the Stamps and Certificates were in which the deceased was held. become unsound if the walls of the	bereavement, the	death of Mrs. Geo.	Apply to r. J. Kkarns,	Quyon,
first made available to the public » The pail bearers were Messrs, basement are damp and poorly	McCord,
through sale at post offices, banks Jas. McCord, John Rennick, John ventilated. As a result of a leak in and other selling agencies,” said Knipe, Gerald Kavanagh, Miles the roof or eaves, similar damage Mi. Charest, “the records show Daly and Thomas Smith.	to other parts of the building may
that the citizens of this Province Burial was made in the family occur, such as loosened or deteri-have very generally taken ad van- plot in St. George's cemetery, orated flashing. A simple test ivi tage of the opportunity for assist • Campbell's Bay.	help determine whether structural
ing in Canada s war effort, while at the same time saving money for them-elves.’’
of
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble
Work Shirts—fawn and blue covert
Cloth, sizes 144 to 17......
Pant Overalls—blue denim, copper rivets, good quality
Work Boots
choose from
Balbriggan Combinations
36 to 41...............
Get Oup Prices Before Buying Elsewhere
95 cts.
A large and distinctive Stock to choose from
$1.35
Phone, 278
Several makes to
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
$2.95 to $5.00
Sizes
75 cts.
NOTICE
Bicycle' Agency
I wish to announce that I have received the agency for C.C.M. Bicycles and am in a ittsition to do all kinds of Bicycle repaire, re string tennis racquets, and general repair work, at reasonable prices.
New Bicycles from $32.50 to $38.75, HE$B 8FERBERG,
King Street, Shawville, Que,
Information that will lead to the apprehension of certain parties, entering, damaging and removing articles from the vacant dwelling house on Lot pt. 20, on the 4th Range, Township of Clarendon, will be thankfullyTreceived and rewarded by the undersigned owner.
ROBERT HARRIS
Shawville, Que.
25 cts.
Work Socks
13th Century Mummies
Found in Arizona Cave
Renfrew Dry Cleaners call here every Wednesday
and Saturday
The funeral was held Saturday
Norris R. Homer
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
Pulpwood Wanted | Cemetery Donations
Acknowledged
|I0 00
10 00
I 00
3 00
2 00
2 00
2 00
2 00
0
Shipment of Red Cross Articles to Ottawa
was
— 15 pairs sock», 1 pair 17 pairs pillow
Sale of War Stamps Steadily Increasing
, pyjamas.
Stark's Corners—6 pairs socks and l sweater.
Zion —13 pairs socks, 2 slings, 5 abdominal binders and 3 suits pyjamas. Vann—Donation—1 pair mitts, 2 helmets, 4 pairs socks and 3 pairs wristlets.
ni June 20th, Bristol Busy R
j met and 1 pair wristlets.
The following refugee articles have been forwarded to Ottawa :
Shaw ville United Church —3 knitted afghan
Mrs. Thomas Major, Mi:. \nd MRM II. Uni
In Memoriam
In loving memory ..f Aloxamler William
lied
Il Former Alabama Capital
Is New a ‘Ghost Town'
j Speeding tourists en : steel bridge over the A
Campbell wh
1939.
Donation— 1 h cl

are rrc tested hv of n n^n
fully sleeping, Resting at last I’lie worlds weary trials and trouble
I
\


rxn
Idaho Is Using Beaver
In Building Small Dams
ff
!
r
Charest stated that em ployees were cooperating by *et ting up systems within theii establi.sliments through which man may rank hirr purchases could be made by cm- beaver deserves a considerab! ployees in deductions from salaries share of the laurels too. The be and wage*'. About halt ni 2,800 doesn't pretend to build dams firms in the I rovince which em- Boulder and Grand Coulee ai ployed lit teen or more people had big rivers-but set him down on a
wa, indicating their readiness to effective in their place as the cooperate.	big ones. At least this is what the
“The whole principle of the War U. S. forest service says from Savings Campaign,” said Mr. long observations of beaver.
Charest, “i* to make it possible for Just as an example of the confi-people of small means as well as dence the forest service has in the people of large means to lend beaver as a water conservationist, money to the Government in the foresters transplanted more than carrying on the war The credit f>00 beaver in Idaho last year from ot the Dominion of Canada stands the lowlands, where their talents squarely behind these loans. They were not appreciated, to the high are the safest investment that anyone can make.”
Mi
pa
.
t
v
1
1rs of
fb-ring, with |
t

When it comes to building dams,
f. 1 f flrcf Ki’it t la o
pant
Zion I 'I'Iill
1
I bin. 1
i’il I f
tO Miff
Ilf
r. e. it. n
ff. 1
I
Fat h r and Moth r,
I>1 others and .Sisters
er
1
iry
I C
U
I Lit and flou 1 h mi. cial capital of A
prime.
There
whose Creek Ir the wl
ica's greatest rna leaped for his life drew Jackson clore on his heels, ac-co!ding to a writer in the Birmingham News-Age Herald. There the cotton crop of a vast area in southwest Alabama was tumbled down the bluff to wait boats which took the bales to Mobile. There Pioneer Sam Dale often visited and General LaFayette was feted.
But passing years, the yellow fever and the coming of the railroads spelled Claiborne’s doom. Today Claiborne is a forest, a few small farms and buildings, historic graveyards. But even as a ghost it is still an incorporated Alabama municipality. The tourist zooms by without seeing the beautiful Delicti mansion, sole remainder of many fine houses built when Claiborne was bustling nave gotten the rest
T


SAYINGS and THRIFT
1
hterec ns in Amer
re in 1813 th Gen An
1 ci U
t Fort M
t
i r
¦
its
REAL SAVINGS arc the expend! lures.
BY SAVING NOW you build preneht security and make provision for future needs when your earnings may he lower,
THRIFT is a symbol of responsibility.
For your convenience there is a SAVINGS DEPARTMENT at each of our branches in Canada.
Know Your Bank—it can be helpful to you.
excess of earnings over
i
Before
lighter tint
i piece of wrapping paper 'org roll, place it .. roll it over and over so that th painted surface is disturbed bv i and irregular patches removed, re vealine the ground color ond coat is applied only to a smal section of the floor at a time, inci dentally When the floor is dry, g( over it with a coat of wax for dura bility and easy cleaning.
ripe
mtf
t on the Muir

The sec
headwater streams on the Targhee, Challis, Boise, and several other of the southern Idaho national forests.
»
The moving was done with the cooperation of the Idaho state game director and state conservation offi-
St. Paul s Junior Guild Presents Plays at Ladysmith
Weight Loss In Hibernation
When an animal awakens from a long hibernation, it may have lost 30 or 40 per cent of its weight, for it has used its stored-up fat during the long winter sleep, and is weak and inactive. After it begins to eat, it quickly regains both strength j and weight.
The
of
cers.
The two plays, “The Little The transplanting program in Ida-B In fir er" and “No Men Admitted ho is to be followed by close obser-by the Junior Guild of St. Pauls valions of beaver populations so
C hurch, Shawvrlle, were presented that as the numbers increase and
at IjAdysraith on Monday evening.
The performance, which whs given before a large audience, whs under the auspices of the Women’s
the streams become fully stocked the surplus animals can be re moved by regular trapping.
i
Fires and decay
EST. 1832
OVE* A CENTURY OF BANKING EXPERIENCE
