###PAGE###1###
pi	Mar 15/40
Clarence Brownlee
Shawville
C$1.50 per annum In Advancd j 2.00 to the UnltcdStates
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY _0, 1940
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE,
Nu. uü, 57tu Year
GO W LING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
CorW Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
MARRIED
PERSONAL MENTION
Hockey Match, Kul-iy '"ght
thin week, Aylmer High School Stmwvill- High School. <»imc to
Htrtitat 8.15. AdinMou, A, and 15 cents.
Shawville Hardware
VH
Mr**. Frank Ford, of’Ottawa, visited relative» in town for the
week-end.
Mis-: Iso bel Fraser, of Ottawa, visited relatives in town and vicinity recently.
Miss Neta Burnside, of Ottawa, was a week end guest of. Miss I va
Co Wan.
SWA RTZ-- Cl! A M BKft LAIN
A fpiiet but pretty wedding Was solemnized it the United Church Parsonage. Shawville, on Monday morning, Feb. 2'i. when Muriel Eleanor, only daughter of Mrs. 9 Chamberlain and the late Marshall Chamberlain, became the bride of Mr William Ross, son of Mr. and and Mrs. Irvine Swartz, all of Shawville. Rev. A. F Pokes officiated	e ,,	,
Miss Win nil red McDowell played Lohengrin’s wedding march, and the young couple were attended hy Miss Barbara Woodley and Mr. Bert Swartz, brother of the groom.
Immediately following the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Swartz left a honeymoon trip to Toronto where they will be guests of the bride's brother. Mr. Ervin (Murpb) Chamberlain, member of the Maple Leaf Hockey Club.
Shawville Senior Hockey Club Banqueted at Hotel Clarendon

ihe Çenuine
She RW/n ¦ Williams #	Z
emijustre
This old reliable school has r moved to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
On Saturday «veiling lust the member- of Shawville Senior
j(m	son, Ottawa, were here over Sun
Unique but suitable schemes day to visit relatives, were carried out as table decora- Miss Helen King, of Ottawa, tions and after the abundance of wan a recent guest of the Misses good things had been devoured to AJfreda and Jean Elliott, the entire satisfaction of all pre« Mrs. Orville McBride, of Ottawa sent, after dinner speeches were Wfls a recent guest of her parents made by Mr. H. C Howat, secre | Mr. and Mrs. VV. II. Barr, tary, on the oast season si opera
tliH tlmnk- of the Club to Mr. was h week end visitor to her re-
and hoped I latives in town and vicinity.
Miss Claire Macfarlane, of Ottawa, spent the week end with relatives in town and vicinity.
Mrs. Ba*il Findlay, of Ottawa, was a guest of her sifter, Miss Phyllis Haughton, Reg N , for Sunday.
Miss Merle McDowell, of Ottawa,
Two i inks of Shawville Ladies' I spent the week end with her par-Curling Club were in Ottawa on ents, Mr. and Mrs. McDowell, at Monday and Tuesday ot this week Charteris.
to compete for the Lady 1 weeds Mrs. Win. Kirkpatrick, of Otta-muir Trophy.	wa, was a week end guest at the
In Monday’s play Shawville borne of lier parents, Mr. and Mrs. won from the Rideau rinks and in j0jin l Hodgins.
Tuesday’s contest were eliminated by rinks of the Ottawa Club.
Teams and results
On Ottawa Ice Monday
Rii>kai- Mrs. L Pea,,*11, Mrs. Ri Mrs. Richard Peiitland, of Otta-McKenzie, Mrs. W. J. W il lia in «on, Mrs. wa> visited at the home of her R B. Viets (skip)—7.	parents, Mr. and Mrs. Wellington
ShawviLLK—Miss I. Shaw, Miss M. j Smart, for the week end.
Strutt, Mrs. K. Cameron, Mrs. Jt. 0. i Mrs. Austin McDowell visited at
SI paBS--
Hope (skip)—12.	Miss Lucille Biough, who is at- The Rev. Percy Ponies was the
Shawvillk—Mrs. C. h. Hodgins,	tending Macdonald College, spent	preacher at the morhing service in
'J. H. MacLean, Mrs. C Caldwell, Mrs.	a few days of the past week with	i HulyeTrinity Church, Radford
W. Gibson (skip) 12.	her parents, Mr. and Mis. A G.	Sunday. In the evening he ad
Totals—Rideau*, 19; Shawville, 28. Brough.	dressed the congregation of St.
On Rideau Ice Tuesday	Mr. and Mrs. IJorden Hobbs and Paul’s Church, Shawville.
,,	x, r, T rr_n	1) little daughter, Shirley, of Utta- Mr. Powles told of his work in
OriAW A Mrx v, 1. G , i •	wa were week-end visitors at the	Japan and also made an appeal on
McCann, Mrs. r. M. Ma j.enn a> *	home of the foi mei’s brother, Mr.	behalf of the Missionary districts
W. H. Smith (skip) 81.	Billiard Hobbs.	of the Church in Western Canada.
Ssssbs-. *£, ssrfcJSrHÜis
Mrs. W. Gibson vskip) 3.	,, Und son. Billy, were week end Dnv at the evening service,
Ottawa- Mrs. M. Edy, Mrs. n.	t„ „t the ]10me of Mr. and Mi s. On Monday evening Mr. Powle-
Henry, Mrs. R. II. Willums, Mrs. O. >- | ftobt. Carswell, Calumet Island. addressed a capacity audience m
mmam
Fort Coulonge Eliminated in |BeiUU In9t™ctor-	The Rev K Bolton, who recent-
tie*
¦Bl
goal mouth.	there was a tie, Mrs. Moffatt star I young people.
The team- :	ring for Mrs. Horner and Norvftl
Barry’s Bay—Goal, MeC tjw; de- Horner for Mrs. Wilson, fence, XV. Mumiy and W atson ; checkers, Pitt, etc., centre, Vitkuski ; wings Cybnlski ftniusement for others and Mu reel I us ; subs, Alpine, nil- fifty
lings and Murray.	1 was a
Fort Coulonge - Goal, Poisson ;
r
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
W. E. COWLING ffesidant
SATIN • ENAMEL
g
The sensational washable satin enamel for walls, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other stains wash off with soap and water. We have a full selection of the lovely pastel shades.
%
JAMES A. MILLAR
on
mi?:
B A. L L. L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon

Miss Given Hodgins, ot Ottawa

See our distinctive
Wall Papers
DIED
and Mi* Hod guy for more successful hockey *ea than experienced tin* year.
Mt Coïtriston— At Pontiac Com mnnity Hospital. Shawville
%&.% HAELAND 0. ROWAT
only child of Mr. and Mr*. W»].	NOTARY PUBLIC
ton MeUorri-ton, of Wyman.
Que., aged ft year-, 3 months and 17 days. Funeral arrangements have not been completed.

on
hou h
Shawville Ladies Eliminated in Lady Tweedsmuir Curling
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Ofh< e—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shawville. Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Suddenly, at her late Ma notick. Ont., on 25. 1040, Mabel
Brown residence Sunday. Feb Sheppard, dearly beloved wile
of David Brown. Funeral from above add re**» on Tuesday after-
St. James’ Anglican
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Omen : Campbell'* Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
Mr. Hvrrald Walsh, R,C. A.F., North Sydney, N. S., is visiting at the home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Chester Walsh.
noon co Church, Ma notick, for service Thence to Rideau Vale Vault, Kars.
Mrs. Blown was a sister of Mr-. Tho«. Shore, of Shawville. and Mr. Robt. Sheppard, of McKee section.
NEW SPRING
HOUSE FROCKS
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A., L.L.B..
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with by'correspondence
I
on
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT — BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-2219
Famous “Osmor” Line
Sensational - Style - Quality - Value They Lead The Fashion of 1940
$1.00
X
*3 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’a Hotel, Campbell’s Bay
every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p.m.
At P intiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m.
*
Booth (skip) 17.
Shawville—Miss I. Shaw, Mrs. K Cameron, Mins M. Strutt, Mrs. K. G. Hodgins (skip) 7.
Totals—Ottawa, 38 ; Shawville, 10
D. J. CAMBPELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
each
Ten Smart Styles at
Phone 8 I
«
All sizes 14 to 44
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Great Assortment of Colours
Graduate of MeGill University
Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell’s Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week



See the New Polly Frocks
Southern Belle
A Very Stunning Line at $1.59 each
Dr. R E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
99
U
609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE PLATEAU 63 8 8
Attention !
Chinese
provided
About
D%. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Every farmer, his family and people attended and $5 5"> neighbor, are invited to attend a tided to the treasury.	picture show and lecture, sponsor
. Refreshments were served after by The J. I, Case Company.
defence, Murphy and Shea; centre, w|,ic]à Mrs. Wilson addressed the Hn(j your local dealer, James T. Davis; wings, Ludouceur and visitors on l)ebalf of her Unit. Tral y, at Shawville Theatre, on K. Davis ; wnbs, Dempsey, Neville, t\jr8e Homer replied and an enjoy Tuesday night, March 5th, at Smith, Doyle and Jewel.	able evening was brought to a 18 (K) o’clock. There is absolutely
Referee—H. Fleming, ol Ottawa. I (.jose by singing, “God Save the I no admission charge and worth-
King ’ with Mrs. Ira Hanna, at the while prizes will be given away at organ.	| the end of the show to holders of
lucky tickets, obtained at the door. He sure to attend this show. Hear and see why “it costs less to farm with Case


BELAIR 3 257
Housecoats and Street Frocks
H. K. NEILSON, WI.D.
Pontiac Telephone Company Has Surplus in 1939
Beautiful new designs and lovely colours
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
I
At the annual meeting of Pontiac Campbell h Bay Girl Rescues Rural Telephone Company held Baby From Burning Building
in the Theatre Hall, Shawville, on	----
Monday, February 19th, Mr. Tbos. Fire ot unknown origin gutted a Rades was re elected prsident, and semi detached house on Patterson Mr. R. P. Tracy re-elected vice- Street, owned by Mrs. H. Cain president. Other officers elected and occupied by Gerald Belanger, were Andrew Sly and Dr. 8. E. on Saturday last.
McDowell, Shawville ; Ira Hanna, The blaze started upstairs near T. C. Elliott, Clarendon ; Hilliard the chimney and had burst Beattie, Robert Sheppard, Roy through the roof before it was Macfarlane, Bristol, and Wyman discovered by a passerby. Ger-MacKechnie, Wyman.	aldine Belanger, eldest gill of the
Receipts of #10,317 58 and ex family, rushed upstairs through ptmditures of $9,051.00 left a sur- the smoke and rescued the baby, plus ot $1,265.61, according to the who was asleep in his crib, financial statement.	»	The other side of the house,
Mr. Heman Elliott was re engag- owned by Mrs. C. McAuley, and ed as secretary treasurer and unoccupied, was badly damaged lineman.	by water and smoke.
ic
180 METCALFE STREET
$1.95 each
Now selling at
ONT
OTTAWA.
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
.HOME, Ï--7961
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
ONTARIO
SCICMTIFIC eye examimatioiys
Specialist o* .11 Vi»uel end Muscular Ey. Defect.
T, T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
leg. Optometrist
W. A. Hodgins. Lt d
OTTAWA
1
Quebec
Shawville
Reg. Optometrist
i
i
<


.6
__J
###PAGE###2###
New Senate Appointee
Canadian Tank* and Infantry Undergo Winter Manoeuvre*
VOICE O
of the
PRESS
NEWS
NTARIO
UTDOORS











-
; *0 '¦

PARADE

1


S
mm
By VIC BAKER
:

11 » ’
¦R V'WJ^y’ M
t
4P

WILDLIFE WHISPERINGS What do you think of the story about the rough and tough rabbit of the wilds that routed the bewil dered St. Bernard dog the other day at Orillia. Gordon Bartlett, a young Orillia district farmer, tells the tale this way ... It seems the oversized, white rabbit has been hanging around Bartlett's wood-lot for some time and only recently It ventured out and bit the young farmer's hand. Then the other day it chased his large St. Bernard out of the bush near the woodpile. "The poor dog ran as if a timber wolf were after him instead of a mere rabbit, one tenth his size," said Gordon. "lie howled and ran with his tail between his legs while the equally startled rabbit stopped at the edge of the clearing as 1 came in sight." This story has caused a lot of amusement In Orillia .. . And then there is the story about the trout which stunned itself into unconsciousness when it bumped its head into a tree stump. Fisherman Ronald Nichols, of St. John, N.B., tells how-ho pulled a whopper out of a trout stream and swears by every item of the fisherman’s creed that his story of the capture is gilt-edged. Nichols said he was walking along the river bank, after some unsuccessful angling, and startled a large trout which dashed for the deeper water. The fish bumped into a tree root, was stunned and it floated to the surface. Nichols retrieved it and swears it weighed five and a half pounds exactly . . . And to finish up, here is a little tip about keeping fish fresh. By dipping fresh fish fillets In a 0.3 per cent solution of hydrogen peroxide before re-packing in ice, an increase in the keeping period of as much as three to six days has been realized. No change in the appear ance, odour, or flavour of the fish is caused by the treatment, suggest you try it sometime.




When Joseph P. Kennedy, U. S. Ambassador to Great Britain,.said in Washington last week that "all hell is liable to break loose in Europe this spring," he voiced the opinion of dozens of political observers, military experts, who see the current conflict between Germany and the Allies spreading to new fronts in the Balkans and the Caucasus, away from the stalemate on the Western Front . . .
THUNDER IN NEAR EAST
Evidence to support this view continued to pile up during the war’s twenty-third week . . . Land ing of a large contingent of Australian and Now Zealand troops at Suez was reported to have brought the total strength of British, Frencn and Turkish forces in the Near East to 1,000,000 men (with a potential strength of 3,000,000) .... Authorities close to the Allied military missions in Istanbul said that France planned to have 700,000 more men in Syria before long, and that Britain was preparing to mobilize 100,000 Arabs and 40,000 Jews in Palestine . . . Turkey, ally of Great Britain and France, dismissed German technicians from the shipyards near Istanbul for plotting sabotage; a reliable Turkish source commented subtly, "Spring is coming" ... In Greece, Premier John Metaxas spoke of "the storm that Is coming," and a Greek cabinet minister flew to Egypt on an important mission . . . German troops moved eastward into the Bohemia-Moravia protectorate, against the Hungarian frontier . . . the little neutral countries of southeastern Europe prepared to have their conscript armies on a full war foot* ing by mid-March . .. Rumania took steps to have her army reach a strength of 1,600,000 by March . . . Informed military sources in Turkey said that Soviet Russia was pushing construction of fortifications on the Caucasian frontier with Turkey, to defend her rich oil I fields against possible Allied • Turkish attack ... So, on March 1, then, the real war may begin.
m
n
*
6T

K
IS UNIVERSE SAFE?
A California scientist says that the universe is safe and will not blow up. We doubt, however, if its neutrality is going to be respected. — Hamilton Spectator.
WINTERS GO MODERN Ob, well! we might as well give up the idea of enjoying a good old-fashioned winter. Radio, telephone and snow ploughs keep everything rasping along just the same. — The Farmer's Advocate.
A CUTE COUNTRY Here is a note for Canadian travel agencies: H. M. Gousha of Chicago went into a Toronto hotel for breakfast. He put down an American $10 bill in payment, and got $10.20 in Canadian money for his change. Said Mr. Gousha: "You may say I think you have a great country here. It's screwy, but kind of cute." — Victoria Times.
RAYON HELPS NORTH
One development which may mean a great deal to the forest industries of AI go ma and of Northern Ontario generally is the increasing use of rayon.
In the United States, for instance the consumption of rayon last year was 41 per cent, greater than it was in 11)38, and it is pointed out that In comparison to a consumption of wool In 1937 amounting to 353,300,000 pounds the United States last year used 462,300,000 pounds of rayon. So* it is becoming a very great business.
The variety of uses to which it is being put is being rapidly extended, too. and that probably points to a still greater market. — Sault Ste. Marie Star.

m
gy
8*


¦

3w..


L'
* f*
-w
-z

f
A ' *
m
y,
l

SRS




/*?



SALTER A. HAYDEN Toronto, Ont.






“A HEALTH MENACE”
“Like the old oaken bucket, science reveals the barefoot boy as a health menace and a spreader of disease,” Dr. Rabat said. “From a medical viewpoint Miss Lon root did right in banning the picture.
"From a health point of view alone the barefoot boy should be relegated to the limbo of foolish fads.”
Dr. Pabst has written a paraphrase of John Greenleaf Whittier’s “Barefoot Boy,” entitled “Banish the Barefoot Boy.” It reads as follows :
“Blessings on thee, little man, Barefoot boy with cheeks of tan, Germs will got you, it is true, Ringworm, hookworm, lockjaw, too.” *
4*



f


mm

m
V
A' /«V..
v.v
Discarding their kilts in favor of heavy khaki pants and puttees and wearing fur-lined caps, men of the Toronto Irish Regiment, supported by tanks from the Canadian Armored Fighting Vehicles training centre, engaged in a mock battle under winter conditions at Camp Borden. Operating in below zero weather, the tanks led the attack across a stretch of open ground. The battle carried out under the direction of Capt. G. C. Smith chief instructor for the Canadian Armored Fighting Vehicles Training Centre, was made under instructions of Col. F. F. Worthington, O. C., of the C.A.F.V. corps.
Litter of 18
Sets A Record
$2,761,207 Still
Lies Unclaimed
to prove they had done their bit, with no idea of cashing interest coupons or presenting the bond for redemption at maturity.
THOUGHT IT GIVEN AWAY
There are cases outstanding in which subscribers to war loan issues obtained their interim certificates but never returned to exchange their certificates for the coupon-bearing bond.
Forgotten hiding places, deaths and bondholders who have not revealed their holdings or place of deposit, destruction by fire, and patriotism or philanthropy toward the government, account for much of this volume of outstanding matured securities.
Toronto St. Bernard Gives Birth to Dozen And A Half Pups In Dog Food Factory
Makes Men Liars, All Women Idiots
In the Dominion Treasury — Canadian Investors Have Failed to Present Their Government Holdings for Redemption on Date of Security
Wo
Sophie, a purebred St. Bernard dog, Is a thoughtful mother. She gave birth last week to 18 (count ’em) puppies In a Toronto dog food factory.
"What am I going to call them?" said Vasso Crias, tho owner. "I Just can't think up enough names to go around. I'll have to hire a bookkeeper and maybe buy an adding machine to keep trai k of their pedigree."
Barefoot Boy?
Not Advisable
Vancouver Physician Says That’s What Love Does to You
A fortune of close to $3,000,000 lies in the Dominion treasury awaiting claim by investors who, for one reason or another, have failed to present their government holdings for redemption on the date of security.
Public accounts, made available to the press, show matured and outstanding securities to the value of $2,761,207.
ISSUED DURING GREAT WAR
Bulk of these bonds are those issued during the first Great War when the idea of public investment in government securities was something new and a great educational and patriotic campaign was waged to induce people to buy war bonds.
In many instances it has been learned that those who bought war bonds thought they were giving their money to the cause. One instance has been reported of a couple framing their bond and hanging it in a conspicuous place
Men are liars and women are idiots
ed, Dr. D. J. Millar, a physician, has been telling a “premarital clinic” under the auspices of the Vancouver Y.M.C.A.
He urged prospective brides and grooms to “use their heads" even though they be swooning with romantic love. The psychology of marriage \vafs most important and should be given serious thought by men and women seeking mates.
“All men are liars where love is concerned, and all women are idiots,” he said. “After all, you have to eat—and that is only one of the many factors which enter into the problem of marriage.
ONLY 50% MARRIAGES GO ,“You arc all tunning a big chance in getting married, and I venture to say that not more than 50 per cent of marriages, are successful.
“If I were a girl 1 would fall for the man who is hard to shift in any direction, but sticks to the straight and narrow and steady path,” he declared.
Such a man was not likely to be a neurotic, he told the girls.
“It seems to me that the woman is usually the one who suffers. Women can't get along without affection.”
American Experts Agree Shoeless Child Raising is a "Foolish Fad"
where love is concern-
*
*
The sudden death of Baron Tweedsmuir, beloved Governor-General of Canada, plunged this country Into mourning . . . That same week news came of the third Canadian contingent’s safe arrival In Britain ... the people of Ontario wondered just how big the provincial deficit would be when Premier Hepburn brought down the 1939 budget report . . .
Katherine Lenroot, head of the children’s bureau of the U. S. department of labor, who ordered torn from the report of a White House conference on children a cover illustrating a shoeless lad, has found a supporter in Dr. Charles F. Pabst, chairman of the press reference committee of the Kings County Medical Society.
Dr. Pabst, in support of Miss Lenroot’s decision which provoked editorial comment in Washington and in New York, declared that permitting one's children to walk barefoot is one of the “foolish fads.”
*
CANADIAN RECORD
"And how are wo going to feed them all?" asked Betty Parker, secrotary at the dog food plant. She volunteered to feed the pups wild a bottle after nine had arrived. "But f didn't think there would be so many," she said.
Dr. Alan Record, Toronto veterinary thinks the litter sets a Canadian record.
"I think the world record for one Utter Is 27 but I've never heard of a litter of that size in Canada," tu* said.
For The Cook
3	teaspoons .....
4	tablespoons ..
1C tablespoons....
1	cup ......
2	cups ....
4 cups .....
16 ounces ...
1 tablespoon ... . .. ll tap '
......1 cup
... *2 pint
.... 1 pint
... 1 quart
1 pound
4 cups pastry flour .... 1 pound «
2 cups gran, sugar ..... 1	pound
2 cups butter .......... 1	pound
4 tablespoons cocoa .... 1 ounce
1	square chocolate .
2	tablespoons liquid ... 1	ounce
2 tablespoons butter .... 1 ounce
2 tablespoons sugar .... 1	ounce
4 tablespoons flour .... 1	ounce
1 gill flour
*
*
In a week full of fast-moving events, the following stood out as perhaps the most significant: the signing of a new trade pact between Germany and Russia, heralding an exchange of goods between the two countries valued at $400,000,000 annually; the commencement of talks between representatives of neutral nations and the U.S., and the dispatching to European capitals of Sumner Welles, American Undersecretary of State, to sound oyt officials of Italy, Germany, France and Great Britain; the speeding up and intensification of the Russian drive on Finland ; threatened Republican uprisings in Eire and Ulster.
• e •
• • • •
1 ounce
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred N her
12 CUp
••-•••••••••
• •
-X.

<
Getting Ready For Spring In Victoria’s Inner Harbour

3%




?


If
s #
<
h

WfZf -
>	rfi-X ,
O O

- //






• z
<?o«
v o
^ /

Wartime Fish
Board Named
)
%


1*
Ml


Indian Sees Signs
Of Early Spring
CD.
* I
%
Eleven Members Will Advise Fisheries’ Minister on Orderly Supply of Canadian Fish To British Market
0°
K

9 //
A





. >,

Spring will come early. The husk on the corn last fall was thin. The willows are showing light orange %nd full buds. Hickory nuts were left on the trees by the squirrels before snow fell. Raspberries ripened again last October. There is no doubt about it. Spring will come early.
This is the prophecy of Chief Jerry Bln eyes, 74-year-old Cayuga Indian of the Six Nations near Brantford, Ont.
“Nobody can fool nature, and nature gives the Indian the signs of the seasons,” he said. "These things tell me the snow will disappear early. The warm weather will follow quickly. It will be an early spring and a good spring for the Indian pepole.”
is
+ " .
' /<

¦vi;
,-x	-
l
m


/
I
Hon. J. E. Michaud, Fisheries Minister, has announced formation of a Wartime Fisheries Advisory Board.
The 11-member Board will advise the Minister of formulation of plans whereby the fishing industry will arrange the orderly supply of fish to the British market and at the same time reasonably maintain existing market contacts, the announcement said.
F. W. Wallace, editor of the Canadian Fisherman and supervisor of the Fish Division of the Canada Food Board during the first Great War, is secretary of the Board.
I
os

Vc
r.
«V
v>
X
f
If

r
vu(
'//
p.l


t g


y —~

%


/

Yachting is a favorite hobby for the good folks of Victoria, B. C., and right now with the spring in full swing, members of the Roval Victoria Yacht Club are getting ready for sea. Here is Roy Murdock doing s Job of work on the 42 foot yawl Minerva in Victoria’s Inner Harbor, while pretty blonde-haired Elaine Beeston gets in a job of work on her awn. It's the Empress Hotel in the background.


8-0.6
(«' ?1t Rht. 1837, hr frrd Neber)

"You’re On Your Own This Round, Slats. .
Missing !”
• • The fourth Chapter It-
REG LAR FELLERS—Getting Pinhead’s Goat
By GENE BYRNES
Satisfied Employe
*
F

M
Cliarles Rogers, tax collector for Nelson Township, Halton County, is a conscientious employe. At the council meeting in Fefarmery when his re-appointment being considered and the question of salary came up, the collector said that earlier in the year he decided to ask for an increase when new books were given him entailing extra work.
“When I used the new books I found that it saved me much time in keeping my records and also made the work easier, so I am quite satisfied with my present salary,” said the collector.
M2

. .zj
Bur YOU can't
DEPOSIT A
. pffSSZSb/
>
WHY CANT I ?HE ET THE Fl>-
DOU.AR BILL
THAT AUNT MINNIE
CjAVE ME {




—“ ¦

m
i
<?-

&
E
Me*
/2
«»




-f

I
•14

C
l
y
- -I
[ V

»
SB


ma
» ij
\ # T
_ > • 'TV jJ

<'v
;
!



jf 1 P r»t. Q(flrt A" ttxn
I
\
###PAGE###3###
Fashion Flashes
low was a flowering patio with ft pool and fountain.
A# Constance sat down at a dressing table to remove her hat, Mies Wilcox watched her critically.
“Yes. It's really an amazing resemblance," she said agftin, “with your eyelashes built up and your hair changed a little . . . We've found two or three pictures of her that will help, and fortunately there is a young — but Just wait here a minute —• " She hurried out, still talking.
Constance was looking about hei at the quiet, simple beauty of ner when Dr. Rogers knocked
••
T
T
y .

Quality Counts SMost

w



A
New coat shoulders are generally more natural.
More brown will be worn for sports this year.
Gray prints are being shown on paler gray grounds.
The jacket dress remains peren-ially popular.
Accessories emphasize gold jewelry, bags and slippers.
A very new street silhouette is rather narrow with “lampshade hips' in the form of a short flared tunic.
Pastel pinks and blues, and flow er yellows, predominate in the mix tuve tweeds for sports. Soft red gray
and navy are sponsored for town
wear,
A black and white cross-barred crips hard worsted forms a goodlooking suit, with flap pockets on jacket and skirt, the latter with box pleats from the pockets; the buttons are silver metal and a white pique collar finished the neckline.
Checks for the juvenile are shown in a black and white checked woollen coat with black braid and gray pearl buttons.
—o—
An everyday blouse couples the use’of checked gingham with the long-sleeved shirt that has adjustable neckline.
The most dramatic fashion idea which has flashed across the Atlantic from these openings is the dinner dress which by artful contriving Schiaparelli turns into a street length costume, it's a trick which is not only a brilliant solution for the dinner guests caught in an air raid but has perfectly good “occasion importance” for certain situations of life on this contort.
A
fi®

* • jT
; c

:
L

PP

B

tïïL

i
& /
1
%

K
-

L
m
¦h







5
E
w,
>7



By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
CAKE-BAKING AND BASIC
RECIPES
Some weeks ago I promised my readers basic recipes for light and dark cakes as well as hints on mixing and making cakes. This seems opportune time to give them, so here we go.
The first great secret of making the light cake is the thorough creaming of the butter. Place the required butter or shortening in a mixing bowl and cream very thoroughly before the sugar is added. It must have the texture of thick cream. Next add the sugar very gradually, two tablespoons at a time, creaming very thoroughly after each addition, beating until whole mixture is very light. 1 he second step is the beating of the eggs. For light cakes, the yolks and whites should always be separated. Do not beat the whites until ready to add them to the cake mixture; better still, if you have assistance, have them beaten ready just as you have completed the other steps of making the cake. Beat egg yolks until very creamy and thick and lemon colored, adding them to the thoroughly beaten butter and sugar. The flour and liquid are added alternately. Add the flour first; if the liquid first, the mixture is apt to curdle. The last mixture should also be the flour. Lastly, fold in the stiffly beaten egg whites, being careful they are not beaten too dry. if you wish your cake as moist as possible.
Fold in the egg whites as lightly as possible, but also thoroughly mi:;. Be sut* the pan is greased well and the cake spread evenly, right to the coiners.
Basic Recipe For Light Cake. Using the Y«tiki as Well as Whites
' V» cup butter
1	cup sugar
0	eggs
» cup sweet nrîék ?. cup? flour
2	teaspoons baking powder
1	teaspoon vanilla flavoring Crestn the butter a? in diiec-
tions, adding sugar and eggs ; then flour liquid and flour ; then egg whites and seasoning. Bake in two layers <•. a ion in a moderate oven fer about 2"» minuter. Ice with you* favourite icing. Vary your icings. This what makes the cake interesting and there are mar y choices: chocolate. boiled icing, mocha, cocoa nut. et •.
CIGARETTE PAPERS
NONE FINER MADE
room
and came In.
“Well,” he said, "I think the time has come to make our experiment . . . No use to run a temperature
he went On as his
LOVE LAUGHS AT T HE DOCTOR
AUTOMATIC
BOOKLET
DOUBLE
an
over it, now
alert eyes followed the sudden tens Ing of* her hands
be shaded, and you needn’t say than a word or two. Just relax." He grinned. “Helpful advice, ' isn’t it ? Easiest in the world to give, and the hardest in the world to take. But try — oh, here comes
The room will
more
BY ELINORE COWAN STONE
Copyright, IÇ36, NEA Service, Inc.
HEALTH
TOPICS
black with brown mixtures
follow Derok here. But will Derek vr allze that, or — what am I imagining? Why, Derek loves mo."
'•HrVa damnably clever."
Rogers went on.
Constance frowned faintly (li«l not like "damnably clever" as a characterization of the charming sophistication of Derek's work. But Mark Rogers did not notice her frown.
CAST OF CHARACTERS CONSTANCE MAI DWELL—her olnc; the stand in.
DEREK MANTHON—an artist who loved money first.
HILDEGARDE THORVALD-Dcrck painted her portrait.
DR ROGERS—he met his most difficult cose.
I
the make-up man.
Miss Wilcox appeared in the door and behind her, a box of cosmetics under his arm, was Derek.
"Mr. Manthon." began Miss Wil-thls Is — oh, I’m so sorry. Doctor Rogers did tell me your but I’ve forgotten It."
(To Be Continued)
Mark
DIETARY MEASURE
Here is a measuring stick for your meals:
Milk—-One pint to one quart for children, half a pint to one pint for adults per day.
Vegetables—Potatoes daily, two others if possible, one raw.
Fruit—One serving, more if possible per day.
Cereal—At least half should be whole grain.
Meat or Fish—Once daily, or cheese, beans or peas.
Eggs—Several times a week for
children especially.
Fats—Two or three tablespoon*
per day.
Sugar—Two or three tablespoons per day.
Water—Four to eight glasses
She
cox
*
ram#
Last week: Arriving in California with Dr. Rogers and thinking of Derek, Connie is amazed to learn they are bound for the Thorvald ranch! "But I can't do that," she cries.
"And Hildegarde Thorvald is a charming subject."
"8h(V8 really lovely." Constance's tone was painstakingly enthusiastic. She was thinking. Perhaps Î shan’t meet Derek here after all. Ha can't he working on the portrait In the midst of all this pose ho should have, gone away for
a while?
bo here. I couldn't bear that
Glorifying The Business Girl
CHAPTER XIV
Dr. Rogers Interrupted with Take the bags to the car, Vineeu
Wardrobe Requirements of Smartly Dressed Career Wo man Are Featured at New York Fashion Show
Sup
to
Oh, but he must not
Then lie turned to Constance.
"Now," he domanded curtly, "will you please tell me what, In Cod's name, you are talking about."
Constance repeated miserably said I couldn't go to the Thorvald ranch."
For u moment he stood without speaking, just looking down at her. . , . For all the world, Constance thought, ay if I were some new and particularly incredible kind of microcosm.
At length ho demanded with a patience he was obviously forcing upon himself, "Would you mind explaining yourself?"
"1 just — can't go," Constance repeated piteously. "I • it is unthinkable."
"I hadn't even understood that you knew the Tborvahls."
"1 — 1 have met them ... Why didn't you tell me where, you were taking me?"
"Principally" - - he spoke as if he were humoring an excited and unreasonable child could hardly have occurred to me that any of the Thorvald family had done you so grievous an injury that you would find helping them intolerable."
"They haven't . . . They've prob ably forgotten my existence," Constance floundered. "1 — It's nothing ' I care to talk about Dr. Rogers . . . Must you stand there looking at me as if I were a — a biological specimen?"
"Aren't you?" he asked with a twinkle of exasperated amusement. "My dear young woman, please be adult. You can be, I know Thorvalds are friendly, generous, courteous people. You say, yourself that they have never injured you. They are in deep trouble, and I be lleve you cun help them, or I certainly shouldn't have put Mr. Thor-vald to the expense of bringing you across the continent or you to the trouble of coming.’
He broke off. and stood lor a moment just waiting. Hut in his waiting there was something inexorable and compelling that seemed to reach out and bc-al her down like a physical force.
"All right," she said In n srnotii ered voice. "You’re not leaving un much choice, are you?"
Without a word, he turned ano
it ml
If Mi ah Thorvald’» portrait is as
the doctor Manthon ought to -- that is, cuppas-
A Fashion Show dedicated "to glorifying the business girl,' was recently presented In a New York store. Wardrobe, requirements for many activities which a business girl's week might demand were shown in a series which began with “Monday morning job-getters ’ dresses and continued through the week with clothes for office went, bridge, theatre and dance date* and travel.
successful as yours was going on, bo a mado man in % popularity is the mark lie's shooting at weak moments I envy follows like
1
per day.
For a raw vegetable cut carrots or turnips into match sticks. They are quite in style. Chopped unpeeled apple and cabbage make good salad.
Do you know, In in*
Manthon."	•
“Why 'weak moments'?" Constance asked tartly. “Aren't you be ing just a little hit patronizing?"
He glanced at her, chuckled, and limn sobered abruptly.
“I/ord, no," he replied. ' 1 know my place. Manthon creates things. I just try to patch up what somebody else has wrecked times I think it would be a whack Ing good sort of life — just to ere ate beauty, instead of tinkering ug lines*. Did you ever stop to think that a doctor spends half his ti.u»* patching up people who might be better off dead, so they can go right on suffering some more?" Constance said vaguely. "Yes i
a
T.B. RATE DOWN
Dominion Government figures 1938 credit Saskatchewan with having only 28.8 deaths from tuberculosis per 100,00V people. Canada’s average was 54.6. If the low rate for Saskatchewan had applied to all Canada in 1938 there would have been only 3233 deaths instead of the actual number of 6122.
o
foi
The spring showing of lingerie is more feminine than ever, stressing sheer silks like double chiffon both plain and printed.
MUCH BLACK
For important business and "informal dress* wear, black was fa vored. With most of the black dies ses. black straw hats were worn • Patent leather was favored in the most instances for shoes, bags am. ? belts. White or red was accented for bags and gloves.	.	|
Several rayon prints in pastel shade* with dark print figures were shown for office wear and for informal dates. ,
Svmif
i
Wool Lingerie
Paris Favorite
When it is considered that ttye Canadian rate is only ore quarter of what it was at the turn of the century, an achievement of which this country may be proud, those who arc specializing in the fight against tuberculosis may well feel justified in working toward the objective of securing a Dominion average equal to Saskatchewan's.
New Gossamer Fabrice Make dig Appeal in Wartime Winter
pan 8 x 12. Hake |
because it
PLAY CLOTHES
Several types of play and sport» | clothes were shown; A \c1Ioa two-piece play suit with a multicolored wovei night at badminton dine slacks with striped shirt a.hi solid trousers for ‘slack time ; : green cotton gabardine ski suit flannel lined, with a red lcnt'.ic knapsack bi cklod around the w;n*i and worn in the bark for "ski dad die." and red and white earn!; stripe cotton pique sw im suit* witt matching cotton brgs for the "IV, ; lar Pen* <”t ’» *
i
Wool lingerie was among the luxurious gifts created by
suppose 80
\ ('HILLING DREAD
mos
Patis couturiers for the holiday It filled a great numbef
She was caught up In the flight of her own racing thoughts: I Km ek’a fare when he first saw her
The first words ho would
season
of the intriguing packages opened bv pietty French-women.
WOOL MOUSSELINES The new French wool lingerie is glamorous in the extreme. Says M. Bodicr, who is responsible for many of the fabrics which moke initie fashions,” "Nothing
belt for “Thureda*
ivnn gaKi
there
say to her, and sho to him from time to times a chilling dread
Xud
Proposes Tag Idea For Lost Children
i

Standard White Cake
(Without egg yolksi
12 cups cake fleur 2 tea poons baking po nder ¥s teaspoon ta It
iip butter or veg -table shortening
1 cup sugar (fruit sugar* Two-thirds cup milk
1	tcrspuwii lemon flavoring ’4 leaspcon almcnd flavoring
il egg whiles stiffly beaten Sifi iloi r. salt and baking power tierce times together. Créait I the better n* given abo* e. adding 1 other ingredients in the same man-I ner. Bake in moderate oven fev '	2f> to 80 minu es. This cake is
I very appe.izing iced wkb u choc-I elate icing, but equally as goal with orange or lemon. It is all a I matter of taste and with what you are : ai ' in** it. Bake in 2 layers.
Chocolate Cuke
2	cups sifted cake floui 2 teaspoons baking powder j teaspoon salt s cup butter l cup sugai (fruit t
1	egg well beaten
2	squares of melted unsweetened chocolate
Two-thirds cup milk I teaspoon vanilla Sift flout* and salt and baking powder three times. Cream butter adding sugar gradually as in directions, cream until very light and fluffy. Add egg, beaten well; then chocolate and flour and milk alternately in the usual wax vanilla. Hake in pan 8 inches square, oven moderate, time about In minutes. Serve with chocolate or mocha icing.
Next time favorite gingerbread and a chat on icings.
of the fantastic thing she had come hero to try to do.
Khe had seen Camilla Wynne of ten on the screen; and she had, she knew, an amusing gift of mimicry It way that which had carried her triumphantly through that historic afternoon at Daimler's. When si.o did Camilla Wynne for her friends, they rocked with mirth. Rut she hadn't been brought here to be am using. This was stark reality. Today she must be Camilla Wynne to a boy who had known and loved her. She leaned back In her seat, her eyes closed, and tried to picture the screen actress in over* phase and mood In which she had ever seen her.
When they drove through tin outer gates of El Rancho del Uro and up an avenue of palms to the door, a white-clad nurse was waiting to moot tln-m Evidently Dr. ,lo gers knew her well, for he smiled and said, as if speaking to a frit nit in whose judgment he had coni' denev•
The policeman's life may not he a happy one, hut Chief A. S. Bi-gaouette of Quebec thinks he has an idea which might troubles of his fellow officers.
The chief told newspapermen last week th * young children who become lost while playing on the city streets often are brought into precincts where officers hu’ o great difficulty in finding a clue to their identity.
As a solution to the problem, Higaonette said he was thinking of suggesting to parents that they put identification tags of some kind on the clothing oi all young children allowed on the streets unattended.
new
is so delicious to the touch as Cash-
And he proves it by
mire wool bringing out wool mousselines softer than the finest silk chiffons: wool cheesecloth hand-woven like the Cretan women's veil, vaporous as tulle and infinitely more supple; Cashmere flannel, velvety as a kitten’s coat, than which there is nothing more velvety, un
ssen the
r
rhe
SPRING HS! HON BOOK

1040
v
less it is a mouse s.
Obviously, wool lingerie would be a welcome gift to Parisiennes who are suffering from the particularly sketchy beating of hour vs in wartime. But it must be remembered that wool is the favorite fabric of the tropics and its new variants have a chameleon adaptability which makes them a* comfortable in “hot houses cold one*.
&
5 29»
t
V,
«2
«É!





,
as
o
REAP ABOUT THE
FREE
strode toward the waiting cm Constance followed.
THE LADY IN BLUE Inside the ear. Dr. Rogers said with a magnanimous air of lotting the dead past bury its dead derstand that the young artist who did The Lady la Blue is painting Miss Thorvald’» portrait thou
i
Handy Hints
“Tina is Miss Maid well, Miss Wi. cox, the young lady 1 wired a hoi I What do you think?”
‘ It's an amazing resemblance, doctor. With u little touching up here and there, she could fool Miss Wynne’» mother.”
"How is M "Very restless time ho drops off to sleep, lie starts

Nt
idol
1
I <
Of HR BUOWtt
shown in their actual make your wardrobe smarter than ever. The four color Spring Fashion Book with over a hundred of the latest styles for all the family ions
1 new fabric colors . .
W la'ii yiu give the children toys, it’s also a good idea to provide them a place to store them tidily. Toy chests, built-in shelves or cabinets where each plaything can be kept neatly are encouragement for young ones to be orde-
I un
for all ocea
x*-\XNs
rtiorvald? I loctoi
Mil n
is just out. Send for your copy today. The price is just If* Write Peerless Patterns,
E vi

Isn't that his name?

Coimtance said, trying u echo his off-hand tom*
She was thinking. Alter all, this isn’t my Ui nil. I didn’t délibérait 1>
Yes
I ‘-v
EDWARDSBURG
cents
Room 121. 73 West Adelaide S
I
up again and begins to cry out
killed hr r, l tell you________
But she shouldn’t have I Toronto
flint's it
n
You can't
CROWN BRAND
6$glÜM
I
To wash a silk electric light shade run it through a bowl of soap flakes and bang up to dry; it will come up like new.
To clean giit frames skin fou» ui five large onions, and then bruise them thoroughly, boil them in one and half pints of water, adding just enough powdered sulphur to impart a golden tinge. ; When the onions are quite soft strain off the water, and lightly clean the gilt with it, using a soft brush.
fool me
grabbed luy arm of tlia* sort. And the first wrong move is going to start that hem
or something
Add

r
Y
mo it uu go up all over again.*
'•Did you tell him Mi s W.vi.u*
a
-
q
; cctiling to see him?"
Hi* ulster did. bill he would uo
I sent iMins Thin
¦
i
I
tORfsW

Æ -
believe ht vald to lier fallu night.*
i
a. ol
lie down. Doctor •
*r. loo. They were i.p
va
Pi

HEADERS. WRITE IN!
Mis» Chamber» welcome» pvrsvual letter» from interested readers She is pleased to receive suggestion» on topics tor her column, and is even ready to listen to your pet peeves ‘ Requests for recipe* or special menus are in order Address your letters to "Miss Sadie R Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto."


he .-aid heartily
A
FI
{
0:

That'» right ui Constance thought mal . "Who's will» him nnw
ilial ploustd him his street irionsJy .
%
& JUMBO CABBAGL
# VAHGLt-T VARICTY GROWN
S
t
;
*
I'tiulwhed tiy the Canada M4»rch Home Her-
/
?
o
nttree?" tie went on.
' The other nurse. I waited up til!
oh, and Dr. Sandford s
Powdeied borax *uewn on llie i floor at night will keep away boot- | les; it will also keep ants out of , the larder.	»
f
c h
m
t
by Mis Aitieu, fuinuns Cooking Authority ih a .. valuable Booklet f nutleti ‘R2 ( akfA Wuie for your FHKK copy fin* a Crown Brand label tn < onada Starch Hume Servit* Dtpt K 41* VVelline.ioa dtreel Dont. Toronto
unit
» «»li»rft|H> in «mur i retort fcniei vi«rl>
• rv b I lev I lire*
4 a MV lied ruoisi*. fm-utaheil IIIrouaNoui in milite hiieilternfin . iH,4ke .	eimlrelied tiviu -
,„rl..Ulv. lire iiroievllnw ••itiMnitfi*»** of iinuaiiMl

you calm
lu ihe library. He thought you’d want lo see him before you took
!
I
« n I*lit!In M . . is#
JUMBO CABBAGE
TArgtft <"ubb. ge grown, some wtlghln»' 30 and .«•my eveu 40 I tie* ITaauruBMaed tor kraut aud (able use Very tu terming So wutvh these mooWcr-tletelop. Our sales of Jumbo < 'ubhaye la«t season rxveeltd all otfovn*. J‘Ut. 12c; ox. Sût-: postage 8»-.
l
i
I'll show Miss
over ilie case
i his young lady to her room

Sunt)» of velvet or velveteen are unequalled for putting a shine on either shoes or floor boards.
|,n % in*
ItiU H»'1 • yalv*u .
aoi«*»lM nu rnis s» 111* muder a v«»inf*»ri*»
iihuadaiM
MEET Mit. MANTHON
She led Constance. iu a pleaaei
Hecmtd room floor. It was huge an airy, with cool plastered walls door opened out upon a galler.v «•haded with roses and wisteria. M*
THE CANADA STARCH COMPANY LIMITED
nl It lilt. Ill So »#*:#! 4 MI
and
Shepherd check», cross-ba liouud'g tooth are partlculaily good pattern* in blkck and while fabrics
i it1.1
M |{s|:it y fttMtli — Itvl ivr Tim» Kirr
« «
rlnnlii»»' 1*100	1**1
hill -M l MU l*rH»«lr Mtfl «III M'hlMtl ¦
*%l«frr mviI* hie-The I himle.-lrr
ISSUE NO. 8— 40
Do not use a heavy iron on ar t i fient i silks; they require smoefth ing, but not heavy pressing.
\
im>>ii\tux »ni:n ti**i sk *.i,4*n« r i *i\v oat.
*»l*vn •IrSnlf>
- ekl
.
ton* ***#*l ••ihe*
B
>i epi iug
W rile or |»ltonr l«r. %«lrle '« IiiihI, •'.<!


y^V


.
A .***,/> ç >



###PAGE###4###


fl EQUITY l*ie disease developing among others.
It is most desirable that persons who contract tuberculosis should receive treatment in a sanatorium, where every facility h available to help bring about recovery and where isolation protects their families and friends. It is desirable that patients from the country be admitted more promptly than they sometimes are now to sanatoria, because it. is important tnat treatment begin quickly while the disease is in its early stages.
This major rural problem can be solved when provision is made in every district whereby tuberculosis may be looked for and diagnosed and the patient started on the road to recovery.

«SI

FREE—Fine Barometer
K
SHAWVILLE, FEB. 29, 1940
Horigins Garage
X
X
Quebec Game Department Critized in Ontario Legislature
Criticism of the Quebec Department of Game and Fisheries was voiced in the Ontario Legislature Ash and game committee last week by Au relien Relanger (Liberal, Fresco*t) who charged persons on the Quebec side of the Ottawa river were not compelled to live up to the regulations and were marketing fish in Ottawa in competition with persons from the Ontario side who did observe the law.
Combined with Accurate Thermometer
To be Given Away in Our New
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
g
8
V

Weather Prophet
a
I
h
CONTEST
****<##+*********#+**###*******++#****+**++++++++#
H

X
Stainless Steel Is Used
What will the Thermometer read and what will the weather be like at 12 o'clock (noon) on the Monday following closing date of this contest?
X
In Airplane Manufacture
New and expanding markets for stainless steel are being provided by the aviation industry, according to the Engineering foundation, research agency of the national engineering societies.
Several types of European military planes use stainless steel for standardized parts. This trend is gradually extending to the field of small and inexpensive private planes, one builder of such planes specifying stainless steel for rudders, stabilizers, elevators and fuel tanks. The ease with which stainless steel is welded enables airplane manufacturers to do away with rivets, which, although very small, lave been proven by tests to make an appreciable difference in air-resistance at the high speeds current in modern flying.	.
The report claimed that, although stainless steel is heavier than some if the light alloys now used, it compensated for this disadvantage in j airplane construction by its strength. This characteristic, it said, in conjunction with the corrosion resistance, enabled stainless steel to be used safely in many thin sections, bringing the weight )f the completed structure down to an equal basis.
x
Quebec Women to Get Franchise
0
A Choice Lot to Choose From
s
The end of a long battle for the vote was sighted last week by the women of Quebec Province as legislation granting the franchise was forecast in the Speech from the Throne read at the opening of Quebec’s 21st Legislature.
Regularly since 1925, ballot-minded women have obtained sponorsbip of a franchise bill in the Legislative Assembly. Each time the measure has been debated on a non-party basis and either rejected or given a six months’ hoist.
Quebec has been the only province adhering to the no votes-for-women tradition, although they have the franchise in Dominion elections and may vote in municipal elections if they are taxpayers and are separate as to property in marriage.
One of the early leaders in the campaign for the franchise, was Mrs. J. Scott, of Montreal, who now lives in retirement. In recent years the fight has been carried on by Miss Idola St. Jean, President of the Canadian Alliance for Women’s Vote in Quebec, and Mrs. Pierre Casgrain, president of the League for Women’s Rights and wife of the Speaker of the House of Commons.
§
Change your old model and get a better one
1934 V-8 Ford Coupe with R.S.
1937 Chevrolet Coach with Trunk
1937	Pontiac Sedan model 224 Deluxe
1938	Dodge Coach with sedan seat in front 1938 Chevrolet Coach with sedan seat H.D. Tires 1938 Chevrolet Coach with 4-ply tires 1936 Maple Leaf Truck Stake Body Dual Wheels
Why not have your car overhauled now, so that you can drive in safety
Drive in today
MAPLE LEAF
0
“ Cream of the West ”
0
FLOUR
0
0
J
a
¦§
Offers Free

to the one who conies nearest to naming the Thermometer and Barometer readings for the Monday (12 o'clock noon) following the closing date of the contest, this magnificent, accuratecombination.
Barometer-—Thermometer
And Additional Prizes as stated below for others who come nearest to being correct.
K
I
K
It is all so easy—You merely fill in the blank which we supply with purchase of Maple Leaf Flour.
0
S
J. L. HOIK; INK
g
s
§ Phone 64 J.
Modifies Educational Requirements
6
j I With 24 pound Bag
2	“	49	“ - “
The gradually increasing use of stainless steel in planes and the Hereafter Canada’s armed forces will orecast of a much greater use can accept four years of Vocational School Je logically deduced from the suc-Training in lieu of matriculation where- -essful application and the highly ever matriculation is required by present satisfactory performance of the ma regulations for entry to certain services 'erial in high speed, lightweight rail-or for obtaining promotion. The course iVQy equipment, the report stated, must have included English and mathe- While certain factors are important matics. This agreement was reached in the air which are irrelevant in recently at* conference between repre- surface transportation, there are sentatives of National Defence and also many points of similarity in representatives of the Educational the desired ends in both cases. Services branch of the Canadian Legion and the Canadian Association for Adult Education. This will simplify entry into the skilled bi«inches of the Army and Air Force.

Blanks Supplied As Follows :

i
J®i3J3i3I3/313/3I3JSi3i2j3J3i3J3iEiSJSÎ

wftifyr
4	“	93
té
it
a


DALE’S TINSHOP
Y'our Alternative Opinion May be the W inner
t
s
E
1
S
E
You will be proud to own this Beautiful
Barometer-Thermometer
Get Your tyaple Leaf (Cream of The West) Flour at
E
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS

[El
i
,1
a
I
Molybdenum, va metal improving steel’s resistance to mineral and organic acid attack, and enabling steel to remain hard when reheated, s becoming increasingly useful in the manufacture of stainless steel.
Maple Syrup Requirements
Ü
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REÇU
Have you made an inspection of your
Maple Syrup equipment ? If not, do so now !
Sap Cans,
Mip e Syrup Cans
Spoils,
War Profiteering Investigation
Contest Closes Saturday evening',
March 30th, 1940
#
One Barometer and 24 Saucepans will be given away
a
Horrors of World War
we can supply you with ;
Pans, all sizes
Evaporators Iron Coolers
The Wartime Prices and Trade Hoard has conducted investigations into the distribution and sale of some forty com-, ...	, .
modifies during the first four months of i .v lC v/T1S °*. e	war» &ave rise
its operations. Investigations varied in ! ,° tbe scl®9ce and art plastic character and extent. Some involved j ;Ur8ely- First concern of the few merely alleged instances of hoarding Preat surge°ns, who met this emer-and profiteering on the part of individu- ^ency by de\ eloping new skills, was
¦¦pel'
eliminate spiteful, or “witch hunting’J ,	i Yct the healing of the hs long-range economy in installing .,Lhin f l-v / w.L p‘Jfi Jr 1 V'b
cases, it was agreed that there should be ‘pinl by t,ie plastlc surgeon is as a water system of the style and p vvPii it ,i	’ r<'!l ',l ’ ’ * tV
no prosecution except by leave of the ^markable as the wonders he per- size suited to both present and fu- '‘r»,, • V , ,	-, ... •
Board or provincial Attorney-General. °™s ,on external appearances. lure needs, one providing a full flow 1	• , ‘‘Vj 1	cT,lU*izir.g J‘n
The least vain among humans has of water any time a facuet is opened ^ ‘ n ls’ Mr* M1u"*m *tre?sed . lh.e i natural horror of looking repul- L kitchen, bathroom, or laundry, at	1 caused by accidents which
-;:vc to his fellows. A physical de- outside hose taps for sprinkling and Ve,lt-e ,l k,,v'1 decrvLl.sV ,r< V'.y Pr'" iormity is a great handicap in keep- fire protection in barnyard, stables, duSl ve pr^e,r oi }l]* natlon h>* ld,eness ng a job, winning a sweetheart, or other outbuildings.	and lo*s of life which was a most lmpor-
Life in the country, away from the making friends, finding happiness. |	tant factor at the present time when the
smoky, bustling, noisy cities and towns, Warped personalities naturally re-	- I country was at war. There wrs also a
would be ideal for the health of young -ult from twisted bodies.	Giving Rooms Sunlight	loss of skilled workers who could not be
and old alike, one might imagine in Dr. Henry J. Schireson, plastic The appearance of an older home eaLsi,y replaced, which was a vital factor thinking of the abundance of fresh air, | surgeon of Philadelphia, tells of the may be changed to a great extent w . a country such us Canada had sunshine and ample food available on ;reat joy expressed by his patients by adding extra windows and per- rc,8trlcte? immigration and depended jc
most farms. But, alas, it is an idea who had been restored to natural milting sunlight to brighten up dark mm? or less upon the birthrate b r the g TL II _	¦	 I	I	I
that cold facts have dispelled and an Appearance or given new beauty in	corners. A room formerly seldom maJor.P°rt|on of its labor supp.y.	| Jlti	Mflll 01 HQ	8 IITY1 HOP	|:A
unpleasant truth that must be faced. the surgery. One of the most ap-	used may be converted into a sun- Accidents also caused a lowered !g	¦¦¦V	IIUUCIIIO	LUIIIUul	UU
Only too often what appears to be a ! preciative was a nun, victim of a	room	by substituting a row of	win-	?l?ndard of living among the families of	0	w
healthy farm community is blighted by Chinese plague, who asked his aid	jows	for the outside wall, while the	,PJured workers- There was also an in-	g
tuberculosis, which, being no rcspector	because she “frightened little chil-	Living room of most older homes	crease ol poverty caused by the death ig
of arsons, strikes the rural district	-iren.”	will usually benefit by the addition	or I^rmanent	disability of the main |g
with the same deadly impartiality as it I	____ jf one or more windows. Cutting M,pport of the family and this was , 0
does the crowded city.	|	"	additional windows in a house does	foMo.wed % dependence upon g
1 he reason for this is to be found in I Coloring Aids Efficiency loot necessarily weaken it if the imbue or private charity. Prolonged 0 the nature of the disease itself. One | Efficiency and high production in windows are placed where struc- periods of idleness due to injury very g case of tuberculosis comes from another. I actorics are aided by proper color- Mural members are not affected. A ^ften bred the habit of idleness and 3 It is not inherited any more thm is 'election, according to industrial reliable builder should be consulted î!/™u!ated a desire to live without work, y smallpox or scarlet fever, but it is spread Judies. No longer is it considered	in planning the improvement.	lhts, in turn, would often breed moral	3
in exactly the same way, by a germ, necessary to paint machines and__________weakness.	S
This germ may come from a human be- actory walls a depressing gray.	In conclusion, Mr. Munson maintain- 3
mg or from an animal, and in Hie ! Restful and tasteful colors are cho-	Early New England Flag	ed ,hat a.cfident prevention was chea;,er
country, where milk may not be pasteur-	jsen instead—with such parts of the	As early as 1737 a recognized flag	1 . accldent	c^te and that it paid to
ized an.I herds may, not be tuberculin	nachinery as are particularly dan-	)f the New England colonies had a	^P^alize on	all accidents—first they
tested, one can readily see the danger serous done in sharp contrast. Em- olue field with a white union quar- h l<i to arialyze and then capitalize and to children as well as to adults. The ' aloyees are alse inclined to take Lered by a red cross. Such a flag, the dividend would be large, main source of infection, however, j81 setter care of machinery that is fin- vith the addition of a green pine from tuberculosis in human beings. ’ s*ied in light colors and not let ac- rce in the upper inner quarter of In the absence of diagnostic clinics, \ -émulations of dirt and grease de- he union, was carried at the Battle open cases of tuberculosis may continue ' 'racl from ils clean appearance. In »f Bunker Hill. Another flag of the without treatment, one case leading to ! jne air-conditioned, windowless fac- ;ame design, but having p red field, another, because unfortunately in the ory .a Peasant shade of orange is ilso was used in that battle. Some country the facilities for the discovery iPPlied to mcchinery and this Authorities say that each of these or tuberculosis may not l>e as readily apparently has a stimulating effect lags had on one side the words, available as in the city. Cases of tuber )n lhe workers. J another factory An Appeal to HeLvcn,'1 and on culosis arc not discovered with the •vhere much glas.* is used in the he other a Latin inscription, the promptness that would lead to treat-	the machinery is painted in I ranslntion of which was, “He who Phoue 43
ment and cure, as well as prevention of1 *ght pastels.	1 .ransplanted us will care for us." »
g
Led to Plastic Surgery
A thousand men without faces,
a
a
I
@
i
Prevention of Accidents
a
LESLIE DALE
an
Shawville,
Quebec	§
<SŒf253
^ VfL
over ver. re
a. I
ESTABLISHED 1833
INVALID
COACH
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Directors of Funeral Service
Why Tuberculosis in The Country ?
Shawville, Que.
Phone 80

1
¦ g
CUSTOM SAWING
We are now delivering Mill Wood, your order now.
Place

$
s
%
Saw-Log's Wanted
m
g We are now in the market for all kinds of g Saw Logs. Cash paid on delivery ; and have a special market for Elm Logs in 6, 8 and 11 foot lengths.
Phone 27
Fur Pelts Wanted
I wish to announce to the public that I am in the market for all kinds of .Seasonable Fur Felts and assure highest market prices.
NORRIS R HORNER
Licensed Fur Dealer, Shawville, Que.
\
THE HODCINS’ LUMBER COMPANY

5
5
\
q Shawville,
Quebec
j
5
ZlZlZiZl/IZi/iZii

ZlZIZIZlZlZIZi
•ziziy ziziz zi
###PAGE###5###


Art of Welding
Welding is the process of
pjjTjjjjuiiigrftKMfiiijgrgiafggmiiggffTmiiT”? Service Announcement
Shaw ville United Churc h Rev A. F. Fores B. A., B.D. Pxstor
The Equity
joining
two pieces of metal by the applies- I tion of intense localized heat. Prior to the introduction of modern welding practice metal sheets joined by forge welding—a process Communion Service at confined to relatively small objects
—or by the use of bolts and rivets which inevitably resulted in large, clumsy, excessively heavy structures. The various techniques that have been employed to effect the joining of metals by the application of localized heat can be roughly classified into six categories of the earliest forms of welding and one that is in common use because of the simple equipment necessary is gas welding. Here the heat necessary to fuse the metal parts is supplied by the burning of oxygen and acetylene.
Men’s Work Boots
Implements On or Off
in less than
Established 1883
PÜULI8HRD KVK11Y THURSDAY AT
SilAWTILLE, QUEBEC
were
Sunday, March 3
11.00 a. m
f
The Biggest Worl^ Boot Value in
Canada
annual subscription
$1.50
Shawville

Anywhere in Canada To United States..
1.30	p.m.—Service at Zion
3.30	p.m.—Service at Stark’s Corners Sermon Subject—“He speaks a word of
suffering”.
7.30	p.m —Service at Shawville. Monthly Pictures on building our
Church in Korea.
2.00

All arrears must be paid In full before any paper Is discontinued
Men s Heavy Black Solid Leather Blucher $2.75 Men s Heavy Black Solid Leather Blucher Heel Plate and Toe Plate—Special ........
Men’s Tan Military Blucher, solid leather heels with steel plate....................
Men’s Black and Brown Blucher, outside counter leather sole and heel, moccasin
style ..................................
Men’s 14 inch Black and Brown outside counter, moccasin style..................
a minute
One
W.G. COWAN, PUBLISHER
$2.98
Bristol United Church
Rev. C. Armstrong-S a lbh, B, D
Sunday, March 3
St. Andrews, Service St. Andrews Sunday School 11.30 a. m.
2 30 p. m. 7.30 p. m
Bighorn Mountain Sheep Given Federal Protection
Uncle Sam has saved the hereditary home of the bighorn mountain sheep just in time to prevent extinction of the species.
The government has set aside as n game refuge 1,500,000 acres in Arizona, the native habitat of these picturesque sheep that once roamed the lofty crags of the Rockies in large numbers.
Their number reduced by big game hunters in recent years, the bighorn was in danger of virtual extinction, according to the United States Biological survey. Two new refuges will afford them protection.
With the establishment of the Kofa and Cabeza Prieta refuges in Arizona by executive order of the President, there seems little doubt that the sheep can be perpetuated, the j survey said.
The only other federal refuge area maintained primarily for bighorns is the 2,COO,000-acre desert game range in Nevada, established in 1036. Virtually all the bighorn left —about 2,700—are now under government protection.
$3.98
10.30 a. m
Trousered Women Irk
Strong opposition from the men is causing the women of France to shun the trousers so popular in 3reat Britain. Paris is to remain eminine in its choice of clothes for vomen, say the chief designers. At Daquin’s a little mannequin mur-nured that she would like to wear .rousers, but that her fiance would it once leave her if she did. A Trench author puts it this way: 'What man returning from the renches would wish to find unnecessary reminders of war work in iis home?” A designer, Vera Bore a, -ays her orders convince her that vomen now want pretty clothes nore than ever.
u $ Lu v.. A )ik

Knox
Service
$3.25
Service
Austin
vV
Friday, March 1st
A special meeting at St. Andrew's at 7.30 p. m. Speaker : Rev. H. 8. Clug-aton, I*.I)., of First Vnitt-d Church, Ottawa. Everyone cordially invited.
i'îe
$4.59
with
FORD TRACTOR
Ferguson System
Mens Marlborough Oxfords
A distinguished shoe for an exacting clientele
With fashion in mind..and twice the
wear in every pair.
Mens Calf Blucher Oxfords—Leather
heel, a classy and stylish shoe ..
Mens Brown Brogue Oxfords —
Leather heel and sole, damp proof.
Mens Black Calf Oxfords—Blucher
style. A smart style in the modern price range....... ....................
Mens Medium Priced Oxfords ........
Mens Black Oxfords—Special Value Youth’s Black Side Oxfords—Sizes
12 and 13
Boys Black and Brown Kip Oxfords
Sizes 1 to 5 .....................
ANGLICAN St. Pail’s
Sunday, March 3 Holy Communion
• With the new Ford tractor, Ferguson system, you waste no time in making lengthy implement changeovers. For Ferguson wheel-less implements, including the row cultivator, may be attached or detached by one man in less than a minute without the use of tools. Front and rear-wheel tread adjustments also a simple, one-man operation.
There are other things about the new Ford tractor with Ferguson system of hydraulically controlled wheel-less implements that will amaze you. Come in and see it. Demonstrations miss
really new mechanized farm equipment.
8 00 a.m
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m —Holy Communion 7.30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
New Oil Paint Developed
Those who experience difficulty in obtaining flat wall finish may find the answer to their search in a new quick-drying oil paint recently announced. According to the manufacturer, it is odorless and is reduced with water instead of thinfers. It dries in 30 minutes and seals in one coat. Among its other advantages are that it can be econd-coated in 30 minutes, is washable with soap and water or any .leaner suitable for oil-painted surfaces, is water resistant, has a new suede-like texture, and makes a good primer for enamels and other glossy finishes on unpainted woodwork, plasterboard, brick, or concrete.
$5.50
Weekday Services 7.45—Wednesday Evening 8.00---Friday Evening
St. Luke’s
2.00 p.m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity Service Withdrawn
$5.50
Sea-Fish Eye*
The farther down in the sea that Itwh live, the bigger are their eyes until about 200 fathoms, when eyes ^ become smaller, disappearing en- N tirely at great depths. Fish eyes B increase enormously in size propor- [J tionately with the depth until the y limit of sunshine penetration is JJ reached, which is about 200 fathoms below the surface. The bigger eyes N enable the fish to utilize most ef- k) Actively the smaller concentration N of light. Below 200 fathoms the 8 eyes of fish become smaller and jB finally in the totally dark lower re- 3 gions many sea creatures have no ,B eves whatsoever, depending upon feelers to guide them in their activi- tfl
$4.95
Parish of North Clarendon Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge Sunday, March 3
HI North Onslow, Morning Prtyer 10.30
Evening Prayer
Mid Week Services Wednesday Evening , Evening Prayer
gladly arranged. Don’t this chance to see the
g
k
$3.25
$2.50
k
fc
k
oo
irteris
k
k
k
k
à
C. A. Howard & Son Shawville, Que.
$1.75 to $1.95
fcj Charter
3
Rain Makers Bath
Among the natives of New Guinea it’s not cricket for the local rain maker to take a bath during the rainy season, as this act would, according to belief, bring down veritable deluges. Native superstition says that when the rain maker bathes, rain will fall; when he shuns the tub, the rain will cease. If the rain maker should by chance feel that he is not well enough paid for ris services, he has only to go against the will of his village in his weather making. Seeing the point, he people will usually raise his wages.
b

$2.59
&
à Auto’s Own Equipment
Acts as ‘Trouble-Finder’
One of the most fascinating angles to motoring is the way an owner can use certain of his car’s equipment to check up on the efficiency of other units. When the spark plug suppressors are removed, for instance, the car’s radio can be used as an excellent check on the regularity of the engine's firing. The steering gear is a splendid check on g front brake equality, for if one brake k works better than the other the car g I will pull in the direction of the for-Blmer. When the car's lights flare Ej up as the engine is accelerated, ei-k ! tner the battery is getting low or C one of the connections is not secure.
B Very loose universal joints can 6 make the front wheels shimmy beK; cause of vibrations set up by the BI whipping propeller shaft. If the k rear tires squeal when a quick stop g is made, either there is too much K braking on the front wheels or the ft rear tire treads are worn off. If v the gear shift lever wobbles when the engine is idling or when gently accelerated, all is not well under the hood.
See Table of clearing lines of Ladies Shoes
/
tics

Dr. Click s Shoe for Women—Widths
All sizes ....
$2.50
E-EE-EEE
$ Y S 7 E M
Great French Romances
At the request of the Nonesuch Press, a committee of leading French writers, headed by Andre 1 Maurois, Andre Gide and Paul Morand, prepared the following list of the 10 great Ficnch “The Princess of Cieves dc Lafayette the Abbe Prévost Voltaire
WHEEL LESS IMPLEMENTS
Mens, Womens and Childrens
Life-Buoy Rubbers
romances: by Mme. Manor, Lescaut," by Candide,” by Dangerous Acquaintances," by Choderlos de Laclos; "The Charterh< use of P Stendhal; "Pete Gbnot," by L’al zac; “Madame Bovary,” by Gus; "Germinal,” b) \ Woman's Life.' bv d -The G ids by Anatole France
Git OVER Y DEI’ARTMENI
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
25
(r.M- Wax Beans (Fancy) - cans for
Standard Wax Beans per can.......
G.M. Diced Carrots per can
G M. Whole Beets per can ........
Sauerkraut per can...............
Macedoine (Vegetable Mixture) - cans IVas, Corn and Tomatoes, Fancy and Standard
g We carry a wide assortment of Fresh Fruits
and Vegetables at all times
10
by
m a
10
lave Flaubert Emile Zola, "/
Guy de Maupassant Are Athirst
18
Monuments in Marble and Granite
15
25
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
E
25,000,000 Candlcpower Light 2
A 25,000,000 candlcpower beam of light is being produced from lamps ** no bigger than a cigarette in a searchlight that will soon be dem- 3 castrated by the General Electric j N company, and used to illuminate the S tower of its New York building, i The lamp is a high pressure mercury arc enclosed in a strong quartz i tube surrounded by an ordinary j glass tube through which cooling I water flows. The high powei military searchlights exceed the mercury arc type in power and efficiency, but the latter has advantages in installation in difficult positions. Three cigarette size lamps, each using 1,000 watts, will be used in the new flood lights. They are cooled by the circulation of water as is done in the automobile engine 11 and radiator.
È
Phone, 278
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
k	Making Basement Useful
jg	In converting the basement into
k one or more rooms for additional E leasehold needs, a builder advises E that partitions should enclose the B | :oal bin and also the furnace as a E protection from scot and dirt. The B; remainder may be divided intc E1 spaces for a laundry, a playroom fl and a workroom. Space may alsc "T	k 'e provided for garden tools, fruits
5 Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited g 52.KSST» JÏLSSXSÏÏl
rk*°& °\hele%artit,%
should be of two by four inch lumber, as for ordinary wall construction. Where plywood is used place the studs on 16 or 24 inch centers according to the width of the sheet

MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
Non-Driving* Pedestrian
Is Easy Traffic Victim
This isn’t very encouraging, but: If you're a man more than 50 years old; have never driven an automobile; take walks at night and like to take a little nip occasionally, then you’re more else to die in an dent.
This is the picture painted by Bur ton W. Marsh, director of safety and traffic engineering department of the American Automobile association to represent the average present-day pedestrian accident victim.
Marsh told advanced students in a traffic safety class at the Pennsylvania State college that in Connecticut alone, according to a three-year survey, 95 per cent of the pedestrian fatalities were persons who could not drive.
"The hardest thing for the nonliving pedestrian to realize is how j îard it is for a driver to see him it night," Marsh said.
“Another discovery," he added.
‘is this:	The man 50 or over who
idvises little Johnny to‘be careful ' rossing the street has five times greater chance of being killed by a ; I *ur than Johnny,"	I
Pure Lard, 2 pounds .................
White Beans, 5 pounds ...............
Boiled Oats, 5 pounds ...............
Black Tea, ^ pound...................
Soap Chips, 3 pounds.................
Jelly Powders, 5 for ................
Ivory Flour, 7 pounds...............
Red & White B.king Powder, per tin
Prunes, 2 pounds.....................
Soda Biscuits, 2 pounds..............
Pickles, sweet, per jar..............
Figs, 2 pounds ......................
Tapioco, 2 pounds ...................
Sago, 2 pounds ......................
Rice, choice quality, 3 pounds.......
Cornnaeal, r> pounds.....
Health Bran, 2 packages
Oranges, per dozen ......
Grapefruit, 6 for
25
Wampole's Extract Cod Liver Oil
25c
25c
Roy 6. Fraser
Iowa’s Prisoner Poet
Lack of funds—the factor thaï ,’aused her imprisonment—kept the poetry of Beulah Peterson, 20 years ild, inmate of the Iowa Woman's reformatory, from publication. Beulah, who is serving a term of not more than five years, was sentenced jn a charge of chicken stealing. Ir orison Beulah decided to use some of her spare time in things
sleep, so I compose ‘Then I memorize what I’ve put together and write it when I get up."
25c
NWWWWWvV
Flowers, Gifts
Novelties
likely
25c
n anyone tie acci-
RENFREW, ONT
Box 886
25c
The all year round
for both children and
Tones up the whole system generally, and good tasting too.
tonic
25c
Phone 160
25c
25c
adults
writing I lie in bed and can't
she said
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in vite your patronage. On orders of g 1.00 or over, phone us collect. On orders of @5.00 or over phene us collect and we shall prepay.
25
25c
25c
25c
Stout Fence for Farmers	(0
The more than 190,000 miles o. ! H aluminum cable, steel reinforced Rj ised for constructing rural powei 8 ines the last two years in North Rj America, would completely fence ir 8 an area equal to the total land ir Rj :he United States, stretching erounc , S t 37 times, statisticians of the umi- ! B lum industry in Pittsburgh have 9 estimated.	*41
25
25c
THE CORNER STORE
25c
Estate Mrs, M. G. Howard
25c
25c
Main and CentreSts
SHAWVILLE
Phone anytvne between 7 a. m
and 11 p.m.
25c
QUE.
ta #
###PAGE###6###
I
hour. When he leaves home, the paper is collected by the newsboy and delivered bo a second reader. This procedure is carried long that a week later the same
be in the hands of #
Rented News
FARM
NOTES
Canadian* On The Ice In Battle Dress
Sunday
School
Lesson
on e#
Newspapers in Shanghai are oft-rented rather than sold. A pa-> u delivered first to a person who must get to work at an early
copy may reader situated hundreds of mil## outside the city.
en
j
BOOST PRODUCTION
Urging Ontario farmers to strife for greater production to meet wartime needs, W. R. Reek, Deputy Minister of Agriculture, has Warned the Ontario Agricultural Council that such increase could only be attained successfully by increasing yields on the land now under cultivation.
per
xr


j This Curious World
By William Ferguson
LESSON VIII
i
“Concentrate ou good land and good seeds.” he advised.'“In this way you can increase production without breaking more land, thus avoiding the difficulty of trying to farm marginal lands.”
VALUE OF MANURE Manure is not in itself a balanced fertilizer, being very low in phosphorus, but it contains notable amounts of nitrogen and potash, and these are present chiefly in the liquid portion which too often is allowed to leach away from its value us a source of plant food, manure possesses other virt-It improves the texture and moisture-holding capacity of soi. and builds up the humus content, and also introduces the beneficial bacterial organisms which in the known and unknown ways promote favourable biological and chemical processes in the soil.
STEWARDS IN THE KINGDOM
Matthew 24. 25 Printed Text, Matt. 25:14-27
WERE ARE. ABOUT
/ 4:000
FORMS OF
MAMMALS
KNOWN TO L. SCIENCE BL TODAY-
r
1
Well done, pood
Golden Text
and faithful servant.” Matt. 25:21.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Tuesday of Passion
Time Week, A.D. 30.
Place — The Mount of Olives
m

#2
: :
I
s

This lesson gives us a new conception of the infinite wisdom and knowledge possessed by Christ concerning the future. His prophecies have been fulfilled, and are being fulfilled throughout the age one fundamental theme running all through the Olivet discourse is the coming of the Son of man. as indicated by the recurrence of such phrases as ‘‘the sign of thy corn-

|<S


*

i

Apart


z
1
mm



The
4
¦
s
ues






m


' ¦




The Canadian Expeditionary Force hockey team, which has been formed by Canadian soldiers now training in England, were so rushed for time when they visited Empress Hall for a workout that they took to the it* in battle dress. Here me of the Canadians is “on the run*’ with a voting figure skater ns a partner.

v.yv.




o
'
ing
The questions asked by the disciples in this chapter have troubled the minds of men in every age. Jesus made a prophetic pronouncement concerning the characteristics of four different spheres during the long period between his departure and his return. Nothing has taken place during nineteen hundred years in these four spheres to contradict in any way the startling statements of the Lord. He predicted that “the end of the age” would be a time of disillusionment of expectancy, of confusion in the minds of men, when multitudes would be looking for deliverance.
PARABLE OF THE TALENTS
Matt. 25:14. For it is as when a

ON MAV II, 1937,
-nr. PLANET MERCURY APPEARED TO TOUCH THE RJM OF" TWff SON, AND ASTRONOMERS WERE ABLE TO CONFIRM THOR. BELIEFS THAT THE TINV PLANET IS ENTIRELY
wrmour AmosfwsMJE.
United States
Best Customer
don, most people are going to be caught without protection.
A survey of the principal London stieets showed that only about one man in six carries a mask. You just couldn't tell about the women.
MAY CONTAIN ANYTHING The snooper is constantly thrown oft the scent by the females because they tend to use a combined handbag and carrier. Worse still, never certain that the official square box. snake,skin case, or paper bag does really contain a mask. A. JL P. wardens report that often there's nothing in it but sandwiches. lipstick and a library book.
QUEEN CARRIES MASK
newspaper photographs show that even the King's mask is not always in evidence. But liis heavy service mass is often carried by a member of the entourage or is parked within eo.s in an official automobile.
Elizabeth is never seen without ue beige corduroy sack slung ov left shoulder.
No matter how many books she has read or speeches she has listened to on how to be charming, woman ever will be until she ha# a truly kind and understanding attitude toward the people she knows and those she meets. The only kind of charm worth bothering with springs straight from the heart. You can't strike attitude of charm and be con-
Bought Most Canadian Exports Last Year — Canadian Total For Year Increases 10.4 Per Cent.


YELLOW-CROWNCD NIGHT HERON
Canada’s domestic exports rose tc $924,926,000 during the calendar year 1939, an increase of 10.4
the 1938 figure of
A
i
MIGHT,
conuntinmlBWl
SCIENTISTS arc still on the alert for any new animal that may although it is generally believed that no important types or
sa srst. amiTe
rattlesnake, which grows no larger than 13 Inches In lengta.
NEXT: Is there any power being e.ierUd to keen th*
Uting on its axis? , - '	"	-
\

per vent over $837,584,000, the Dominion Bureau of Statistics reports.
The United States was Canada’s best customer, taking $380,392,000 worth compared with $270,461,000 in 1938, a gain of 40.6 cent. The United Kingdom was in second place with $328,084,000 compared with $339,689,000, a decline of 3.4 per cent.
UNITED KINGDOM SECOND Australia took third place with $32,029,000 compared with $32,982,000, followed by Japan with $28,168,000 against $20,770,000. British South Africa with $17,965,000 compared with $15,547,000. New Zealand $11,951,000 against $16,371,000 and British West Indies $11,751,000 compared with £11.011,000.
OTHER LEADING PURCHASERS Other leading purchasers of Canadian products in 1939 with figures for 1938 in brackets: Nor-310,904,000 ($7,854.000);
$8,506,000	($&,-
403,000); Germany, $7,869,000 ($18,261,000); Netherlands, $7,357,000 ($10,267,000); Belgium, $7,261,000 .($9,555,000); France, $6,973,000 ($9,152,000) ; British India with Burma (32,980,000)
($3,622,000)
000 ($.111,000); Argentina, $4,117,000	($4,676,000)	; Ireland,
$3,597,000 ($4.440,000); Mexico, $3,001,000 ($2,340,000); Strait? Settlements, $2,782,000 ($2,448,000); China, 82,636,000 ($2,885,000): Italy. $2,231,000 '<$1,745,000).
an
it's
vmemg.
The Really Charming Woman
Nor can real charm be turned off and on to suit the occasion or your particular mood, asserts Alicia Hart, beauty columnist. If you are a charming person, you are a kind person ana, with rare exceptions, you are kind all the time. The really charming woman can no more help being kind than the woman without chain help being cruel in little ways and sometimes in big ones.
ifindness, and therefore charm, come with understanding of the short-comings of human nature. And it’s as great a mistake to see only the good side as it is to see only the bad. By all means see the good. But see the bad, too. And, instead of condemning, try to understand the why's and wherefore's of it.
mau, going into another country, called his own servants, and delivered unto them his goods. 15. And unto one he gave five talents, to another two, to another one; to each according to his several ability; and he went on his journey. 16. Straightaway he that received the five talents went and traded with them, and made other five talents. 17. In like manner he also that received the two gained other two. 18. But he that received the one went away and digged in the earth, and hid his lord's money. 19. Now after a long time the lord of those servants cometh, and maketli a reckoning with them. 20. And he that received the five talents came and brought other five talents, saying. Lord, thou deliveredst unto me five talents: lo, I have gained other five talents. 21. His lord said unto him, well done, good and faithful
thou has been faithful
exist
I
pei
Sometimes
m
!
NOTED ENGINEER
can
reach
Qaeen
Answer to Previous Punie
substitutes
11	Ocean v-
12	Street 15 Low cart 18 Sailboats.
rWOf 20 Therefore.
22	He was • and sn
engineer (pl.t
23	Threshold.
26 Most
eminent.
20 Bloodsucker. 30 Peak.
3! Spread of * an arch.
62 He set up the 34 Salad pear administration 35 Agent, of the
HORIZONTAL
1, 6 Engineer for the Panama Canal.
13	Knock,
14	Command.
16	To relax.
17	Aeriform fuel
the
i-jMUMiiiwiii*	¦]
mwm mm idaiuiiM
s
MiDMGIRlAISIS
World Cotton Output Lower
HIM BISH Util-J
amtirti
8 siwiitiii \n\rn
¦iilll tiüJIflWifl
MM5M BMM
¦gems b bbiiib a
S0MII dllH m
awm
i
1938-9 Production Declines From Two Previous Seasons

19 Seizes.
21	Was victor.
22	Barters.
24	Malicious burning.
25	Limb.
27	Either.
28	Greasy.
30	Territory.
31	Shoe bottom
32	Bone.
as
mm
servant
over a few things, I will set thee over many things; enter thou into the .* y of thy lord that received the two talents came and said, Lord, thou dellveredst unto me two talents: lo. I have gained other two talents. 23. His lord said unto hinJ, well done, good
thou hast
wa
HK
Newfoundland
Essential Metals
The world did not produce nearly so much cotton in the 1938-39 season as in either of the two seasons immediately previous, and it did not consume nearly so much as in the season second previous, according to a review of the 192889 season contained In the twelfth Cotton Year Hook of the New York Cotton Exchange just issued.
U. S. GREW LESS Production of cotton by Me entire world in the season of 1988-39 was roughly 25 per cent, less than iu the previous season. World production dropped from 36.784,000 to 27,407,000 bales, a decrease of 9.37700V bales. The greater portion of this decrease occurred in the United States, and was due partly to a reduction in acreage and partly to a lower average yield per Abroad, smaller production wa? reported by China. India aud a!so
Egypt.

And he also
Of the 67 known metals a:>out 12 are common and absolutely essential bo modern industry. The British Empire is rich in them, her mines a treasure-chest for gold (South Africa, Canada, Australia); tin (Britain, Malaya); copper (Rhodesia); aluminum (Canada, Australia, India); manganese (India); nickel (Canada): lead (Australia, Canadai.
Apart from these common metals there are many other less-known ones which are essential to war production. Radium, beryllium, palladium, cadmium, molybdenum, and many other such valuable meats are found within the British Empiie.
cry
43	Red Cross.
44	Horse power.
45	Acted furious.
50 Type measures 33 Marked with 51 Cotton fabric, spots
36	Musical note. 56 Note in ->ca1e. 3 Jewel
37	Bugle plants. 57 More
tarnished
59 Resembling 6 Appliances
7 Eyes.
the 8 Transposed 9To cut.
10 Soap
36 Recipe.
39 Mining hut 41 Enchantment 44 To aid.
46 Publicity.
2 Impetuous.	47 To encircle.
48 Self.
4	To leave.	49 Flat plate.
5	Unit of work. 52 To card woe*
53 Bom.
55 Afternoon
meal 58 Right.
60 Form of "a/
$5,396,000 Brazil, $4,407,000 Sweden, $4,284,-
Zone
and faithful servant been faithful over a few things, I will set thee over * any things; enter thou into the joy of thy lord. 24. And he also that had received the one talent came and said, I>ord, I knew thee that thou art a hard man, r 'T'irg where thou didst not sow, and gathering where thou did not scatter; 25. and 1 was afraid.
VERTICAL
1 Grain.
54 Finger
38	Company.
39	Folding bed
40	Eternity.
41	Feminine
roses 61 He canal 23 years ago
pronoun.
42 Golf warning
and went away and hid my talent in the earth; Jo, thou .hast thine own. 26. But his lord - ns we red and said unto him, Thou wicked and slothful servant, thou kneweet that 1 reap where 1 sowed not. aud gather where I did .iot scatter; 27. thou oughtest to have put my money to the bankers, and at my coming i should have received back mine own with interest. In this famous parable of the talents vhlch might really be called “the parable of the lord and his servants." we should remember that a talent iu those days was the equivalent of about twelve thousand dollars. The reward in the case of the mao with five talents committed to him and In the case of the man with two is exactly the same. The reward of service is apportioned according to fidelity to opportunity, in the case of the nfaithful servant, tirst life was exposed; secondly, zhis talent was recalled; thirdly and finally he himself was cast out. The goods of the absent Lord are his rerelation of ^od aud of man, his provision for man’s gieat need; bis perpetual call; his mediation; hie dynamic for paralyzed souls. We all have *otue of them committed talents, five, I w
Ex-Kaiser Now
81 Years Old
7
9
I

;

acre
16
5
4
15
Getting Careless With Gas-Masks
Former Ruler Has 22 Grandsons Fighting With Nazis
a
'*v
6
AJ
f
24
Decoy Is Used
To Rescue Dog
L
fell
Shadows of another wa
observances of the 81st
n
aero
birthday of former Kaiser Wil
LI
Few of the British Public Arc Continuing to Take Prccau tions. Observer Notes

32
helm II. late in January.
The gay family celebration of other years was missing from Doom Castle, where the former German ruler maintains formalities of his former court and watch-in exile, the progress of an*
Patrolman Allen Chester of Ton* awanda, N.Y., believes he has a “sure-fire1* method of rescuing ice-marooned dogs—simply send another one out on the ice.
Unable to find means of transportation to reach a puppy struggling aimlessly in Niagara River last week, Chester attached a rope to another dog, then waved the animal out on the ice.
The decoy dog’s appearance ar* used the endangered puppy, which promptly struggled to firm ice. As Chester pulled the decoy toward shore, the puppy followed, barely | able to wag its tail.
z
V

->1
One of the most alarming aide lights of the war is the stubborn re fusai of the citizenry of Great Fir -tain to stay gas mask minded, says an observer.
ONCE CONSIDERED RISKY
Back in September the avorage ruan in Ihe blackout, who wouldn't have dreamed of going to work without a shirt, also carried a mask and for similar reasons. It was very risky and conspicuous to be with out one.
Now it’s an undeniable fact that if the Nazi? uubottle ga* over i/on-

4
e?'
other generation of Germans at war with the Allies.
Hohenzollerns in Adolf Hitler's army provide part of his interest in the flagged pins he sticks m war maps to follow the campaign, lie has 22 grandsons in the German army. Another, Prince Oscar, lost his life in the Polish cam*
45
49
44
TA
A
1

Ol
{ iO
<
n


*
pa.gî
By J. MILLAR WATT
«
POP Indirect Watching

e accord
tng to on:* ability and his choice; etr. talrifK become our de

mud
WHY AR£ ALL VO UR 5 MOP
DETECTIVES CROSS-EYED
,	60 TUAT NOBODY KNOWS
IF TUEV’RC- BEING

I
f*0*
I
WATCH Ç0
i


Mu
?
(
s
Charm Founded Upon Kindness
9
n
C
/
6
c
\
IV
&
*
a
%
\

u

Y
x

ft
£
Worth
t
The Only Kind of Charm
Bothering About Springs From The Heart, Beauty Column-
A
-£L

V
!
I

I
» Sv?
•n
3
l
l
;


it Writes
r
1

/


e-i» is the
ere kind
foundation of rea ' ha i
glowing variety which puts | at their ease and makes the wot Id a pleasanter plice in which I

y si



i
the
m

warn
et he i


i	) - y/r



¦


w
I
###PAGE###7###
T
SCOUTING
CHANGE TO UPTON'S
fou/eh
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
• • •
"It DOES taste good in a pipe!11
HANDY SEAL-TIGHT POUCH . 15^
IfcLB. "LOK-TOP" TIN . 60* êlso pecked in Pocket Tins
IT'S
The formation of Anti-Rumor Patrols" Is one of the original wartime activities of the Boy Scouts of Trinidad and Tobago. They aim to nip any false and alarming news in the bud, as a contribution toward maintenance of a steady morale ort those Islands.
All 1 lb. and % lb. packages of Lipton’e contain coupons which you can save and exchange for Wm. Rogers & Son Silverplate.
Write for Premium Book
to Thomee J. Upton L Limited, Upton Bldg., J ^ Toronto.

mm
mi
Q. How should one ' gulais his tips, and know whether to give a tip of a dime or a dollar?
A. Tipping must be regulated by the contents of one’s purse. It Is really vulgar to be ostentatious and overdo It. When a person earns say $30 or $40 a week and goes around giving fifty cent and one dollar tips, he should have a guardian.
2. When giving an informal dinner, Isn’t it all right for the hostess to say, "just sit anywhere you wish?"
A. No. This is very confusing. It Is too much like playing the old game of "musical chairs.” The hostess should designate where each guest shall sit.
Q. Would It be proper for a young young woman to sign a business letter, Miss Alice Jones?
A. Yes, but the Miss should be enclosed in parenthesis.
Q. is it all right to sign a valentine?
¦m.
m
Upton's Is always full-
flavoured.Br«w ft weak or strong ... its rich, full-bodied flavour lingers in evsry cupfuli
D

L-tl:
r
L10
i
A clubroom for overseas and other Scouts In His Majesty's forces has been opened at Imperial Boy Scout Headquarters, London. The club is open daily from 9 am. to 11 p.m. and meals are obtainable at all hours. A special welcome Is extended former overseas Scouts.
«
i
t
FLAVOURED
à
e
N#
e
iVin
k
(SMALL LEAF)
• RANGE LABÉL
YELLOW LABEL
RED LABEL

A. Yes, if you wish, though many people prefer leaving the identity of the sender to the imagination of the one who receives the valentine.
Q. When children are eating at the same table with adults, should they be served first, last, or in re* ular rotation.
A. Serve the children in same rotation %s the adulte.
Q. What is the meaning of the abbreviation, "N. B.”?
A. This is from the Latin nota bene, meaning "note well.”
ill
hands is one part of aqua ammonia to two parts of glycerine. Add enough rosewater to obtain a slight perfume.
Q. How can I remove the odor from an empty medicine bottle?
A. Fill the bottle half full of cold water and add one tablespoon of dry mustard. Shake thoroughly, let stand for half a day, and then rinse carefully In cold water.
Q. How can 1 make tail'r the task of bulling eggs?
A. Try using an old flour sifter for boiling the eggs. Place the sifter containing the eggs in a kt-ftle of boiling water. When the eggs are done, it will be easy to remove them.
Q How can l clean jewelry?
A. A solution of one-half ammonia. and one-half water is excellent fur cleaning jewelry. Then polish with a chamois.

An X-ray machine was the last valuable contribution of the Scouts of Montreal to the equipment of the Children's Memorial Hospital. The apparatus was purchased by the Montreal Scout "Good Turn Fund." For some years a Cub Pack and Scout Troop for the young patients of the hospital have been carried on by Montreal Scouters.
I
How Can I ?
BY ANNk AbM' fc>
I
Q. How cnn I make a good soap
Jelly?
A. This can be made from the scraps of soap around the house. Dissolve these small pieces of soap In just enough water to cover them and add one teaspoonful uf borax for each pint of the mixture.
Q. How can I prevent pies from overflowing in the oven?
A. Insert a short piece of uncook-id macaroni In tho top of the crust. This will stop the overflow. Or do this at the start to prevent
overflowing.
Q How can 1 prepare a solution
for chapped hands?
A. A good lotion for chapped

Scouts and Scout leaders of the Canadian West who regularly travel long distance to attend meetings have their long-distance brothers in New South Wales. A iady Cubmaster at Lockhart, N.S.W., cycles 28 miles each week over the bush roads to take her Cub Pack meeting. Six Walgett Patrol Leaders wheeled 114 miles to attend a Patrol Leaders' Training Course, then wheeled the same distance home.
I
i
.. CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS..
II Altm AI'PI.K MIMES
AGKXTS WANTED
SEED POTATOES
E1AKDÏ APPLE 1'KEES
each. Canada’s Lowest Priced Nursery, growin Fruit Trees.
Immediately requesting al offerings. Tube’s Ti a-apd-nn-thp-l^kp Ontario
6o era
BUYING, SEEDING, CAR LOTH, Truckloads, Table. Certified seed. Ontarlos, Islande. Ask Hiseys, the largest potato dealers In Ontario, 64 Front St. E.. Toronto.
arm voij planning a new
KITCHEN OH II ITHHOOlHf
“BARCLAY TILE”
THE l^ATEST CONTRIBUTION to home modernizing; easily and qulikly applied; attractive color combinations for kitchen, bathroom. Edmund Hind Lumber Co., Ltd, 2579 Danforth Ave., Toronto, or your Iz>cal Lumber Dealer.
g leading varieties Ornamentals:	Write
sensation, reery. Nia.
SEE 11 OATS
HARES, RABBITS
ERBAN OATS, LEAF RUST R Existant, 65c per bushel. Duncan McDonald, Ethel, Ontario.
RAISE ANGORA WOOL RABBITS. Splendid profits. Good markets for wool, honest grading, top prices In the Angora Industry. Write F. A. Sutcliffe, Vice President, Federation American Angora Breeders. Abercorn. Quebec.
Link Trainers Being Built at Gananoque For R A F.
BABY L1IICKN
STAMP» w ANT.vU
If

STAMPS ON ENVELOPES.
NOTHing after 1870. Will buy for cash. H. G. Purdy, 310 Glen Manor Drive Toronto.

BABY CHICKS. ALL $3 PER HUNDred. Barred Rocks. White Leghorns. 1L i. Reds. Wyandotte*. New Hampshire». February and March delivery. Carlton Hatchery, Britannia Heights. Ont.


LEGHORN» FOR SALE



SUMMER'?- HONOR HOI.I, AINU CERTIFICATE
BECKER STRAIN. SINGLE COMB dark brown Leghorns, males $8.00, trios $6.00. Henry Becker. Waterloo. Ontario._____________________
* ¦
*
\ %
>

BRAY CHICKS MAKE PROFITS for wise poultry keepers. Order now. Chicks, cockerels, pullets,
started chicks. • Bray

HONOR ROLL OR CERTIFICATE of service, beautifully designed every province and unit represented. Size 16 x 22 In 7 colours, suitable fd?
capons.
Hatchery, 130 John SL N., Hamilton.
MILKING MACHINES
framing, space for photograph and scroll for permanent record. Every soldier's home needs one. Mailed to any place in Canada, $1.00. E. Mackintosh, photographer and copy write? 68 Granby Street, Toronto _
GRADE "A" MILKER MILKS TWO cows at once into separate containers. No pulsators. No old-fashioned pipelines. Write to-day. William E. Bawden, 21 Quebec Ave., Toronto.	_________
A COMPLETE CHICK SERVICE. We have 13 purebred.», five crossbred» nonsexed chicks, sexed pullets. sexed cockerels, capons, started chicks, older pullets. We hatch 60,000 to 60,000 chicks every week. We have four hatches a week. Due to this enormous production, we can save you money, catalogue and price list on request. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries, Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
«


‘zmruatitA


V
MACHINERY
1
TURKEY S FOU ÜALh
\
TWO ONLY
CLEARANCE
Brand New Whltte Portable Sawing outfits, steel frame, steel wheels with tongue, swinging steel saw frame takes 24" or 26" circular saws — 6 HP. Hopper cooled horizontal gasoline engine, fitted with magneto, can be used as portable power plant — sale price, $285. The A. R. Williams Machinery Co. Ltd., 64 Front St. West, Toronto.
Free
WHITE HOLLAND TURKEYS. Government approved and Utility stock. Prices on application. Bert' Irwin. Seaforth, Ontario.
I



BADEN GOVERNMENT APPROV-etl ' ' h i c k s at rock bottom prices. Standard Quality White Leghorns 38.95, Barred Rocks, New Hamp-shires. Hybrids $9.45, White Rocks. White Wyandottps $10.45, Heavy Breeds 9u% Pullets $16.80, Cockerels $6.25. Send for free circular and price list. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited, Baden, Ontario.
USED CLOTHING
I
SENSATIONAL BARGAINS IN USED clothing! Write for big, free illustrated catalogue on Men's, Ladles' and Children's used clothing. Gowdy’a Mail Order Department, 137 Notre Dame Avenue Winnipeg. Manitoba _ ____
IW'
%
¦Mf*
.
MACHINERY FOR SALE
WADE PORTABLE DRAG SAWS, reasonably priced, easy to operate, a money-maker wherever there are logs to be cut. Write for free descriptive bulletin. The A. R. Williams Machinery Co.. Ltd., 64 Front St. West. Toronto.____
WATCHMAKING
v
BIG, HUSKY. QUALITY CHICKS, buy from a breeder who has a reputation for liveability. We honestly believe our stock the best obtainable. White Leghorns. Barred Rocks. Hampshire». low prices, Niagara Poultry Farm, Niagara-on-the-Loke. Ontario.
LEARN WATCHMAKING AT HOME Beginners’ outfits from $5. National Watch. Regina, Bask.
i
w

LYONS
February Clearance Sale New & Reconditioned FURNITURE
All used furniture is completely reconditioned, guaranteed thoroughly clean and sold with positive money-back guarantee of satisfaction. $19.50 THREE PIECE CHEHTER-field Suite, upholstered in novelty repp, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$24.50 SMART, 3 PIECE CHESTERfield Suite, upholstered In blue ¦hade velour, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$85.00 BEAUTIFUL BROWN MOhair Chesterfield Suite, (3 pea.), figured reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$32.00 10 PIECE LIVING ROOM Outfit, comprising 3 piece Chesterfield Suite, Bridge Lamp, Silk Shade* End Table, Silk Cushion. Table Lamp, Silk Shade, Metal Smoking Stand.
STUDIO
MEN WANTED
ARE YOU THE MAN? YOU CAN have a solid business established within three months. If you are tired of woking to earn profits for someone else OWN YOUR BUSINESS and enjoy amazing profits every hour selling 200 guaranteed necessities used in every home. No Obligation. Get details and catalogue free. Familex Products. 570 St. Clement, Montreal.
LOGICALLY POULTRY FARM Bred chicks are better value than hatchery chicks. Five breeds selection. 7 cents and up. farm raised pullets. Circular on request. Highway Poultry Farm, R.R. No. 1, Waterloo, Ontario.

A million-and-a-haJf dollars are being spent in the little Ontario town of Gananoqne to build planes that will never fly. The money it being spent by the British air ministry on 200 Link trainers, the stubby, motor-
force the intricate problems of piloting the modern
less “planes” used to teach young pilot* of the royal air fighting planes of the R.A.P.
CHICKS, WHITE LEGHORN'S, 9c, Barred Rocks and New Hamp-shires 10c, from Government approved, blood-tested stock. Write for catalogue, Brucedale Poultry Farm. Sr. Thomas. Ont.
NURSERY STOCK
of the Henpecked Club. Suddenly the door opened. His wife •ailed In, grabbed Mm by the collar, shook him until hie teeth rattled, and exclaimed: "What do you mean by attending this club? You’re not hen-pec ked."
Machine Tricks
"Poker Faces"
HARDIEST FRUITS. RARE ORNAmentals. Request Illustrated catalogue and planting guide; 600 varieties. trees, shrubs, perennial flowers, tested and grown at Dropmore. Order early for free booklet on new fruit recipes, also premium with order. Strong plants:	expert packing, guaran-
teed delivery anywhere. The Manitoba Hardy Plant Nursery, Drop-more. Manitoba.	_______
ft
III SINKS* OPPORTUNITY
HaveYouHeard
RADIO ELECTRICAL STORE — large repair business — truck, seventeen hundred cash.
Business Brokerage. 56H Adelaide E.. Toronto.
A machine with an uncanny an-• ility at getting behind a “poker face” and telling what’s going on there, was demonstrated to a group of about fifty Western Ontario policemen last week by Dr. I>. J. Wilson of the Psychology Department of the University of Western Ontario.
Some of the officers outsmarted the machine, others had their secret thought bared.
If there is a name for the apparatus it is not “lie detector,” Dr. Wilson explained. It is only on3 of several instruments all of which are used in the so-called lie detectors of the United States, to measure, emotional response.
Smith
EDUCATIONAL
COUCH. STRING
$12.50
filled mattress, makes into double or two single beds.
$17.60 8 PIECE SOLID OAK DINING room Suite, buffet, extension table and 6 leather upholstered chairs. $24.00 SOLID OAK DINING ROOM Suite, buffet, extension table and 6 leather seat chairs. Perfect. $89.00 COMPLETE 9 - PIECE DIN» ing room Suite, solid oak, buffet, china cabinet, extension table. 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$63.00 LARGE DINING ROOM Suite, In rich walnut finish, buffet, cabinet, extension table and leather upholstered chairs.
$69.00 MODERN 9 PIECE DINING room suite, in beautiful 2-tone walnut. Buffet, china cabinet, extension table, and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$109.00 BEAUTIFUL SOLID WALnut Dining Room Suite (cost new: approximately $376). large buffet, extension table, china cabinet. 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$•9.00 FLOOR SAMPLE. MODERN Chesterfield Suite (8 pieces), reg. 879. Upholstered In novelty repp. In brown, green or rust shade*, bullet type, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$69.00 MODERN BEDROOM SUITE (factory sample), In bleached walnut finish, waterfall design. Venetian mirror, dresser or vanity, chiffonier, full else bed, eaglese spring and new mattress.
$19.00 SOLID WALNUT DINING room Suite, (cost new approximately $250), large buffet extension table, china cabinet and six leather upholstered chairs.
$19.60 SIMMONS STEEL BED IN walnut finish, sagless spring, new mattress and large dresser in walnut finish.
$89.00 MODERN BEDROOM SUITE in two-tone walnut finish. Dresser, chiffonier, full else bed and sagless spring.
$46.00 COMPLETE BEDROOM Suite, in two-tone walnut finish, dresser, chiffonier, full size bed, sagless spring, and new mattress. $69.00 FLOOR SAMPLE BEDROOM Suite In the new bleached walnut finish with waterfall fronts and Venetian mirrors. Dresser, chiffonier full size bed, sag less spring and new mattress.
$89.00 CUNNINGHAM PIANO IN mahogany case. Wonderful condition.
$8.96 HOOSIER KITCHEN CABINet with eliding porcelain top.
14.60 6 PIECE BREAKFAST SUITE In Ivory enamel trimmed black, buffet, table and 4 chairs.
All merchandise carefully crated for safe shipment on receipt of money, order and sold with a positive money-back guarantee of satisfaction.
Lyons Furniture Co.
478 Yonge St.
TOROSTTO
What Science
OFFER TO INVENTORS
STUDENTS NUW EN KO! JJ KG FUR
Matriculation. Short
courses in Story Journalism. Shorthand and Speech Culture Make use of your ¦pare time. Write today. Canadian Correspondence College, (established 1902) 229 Yonge Street Toronto
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Infor-matlon sent free. The Ramsay Co Registered. Patent Attorneys. 273 Rank Street. Ottawa. Canada.
An Englishman and a Frenchman were arguing over whose country owned the finer navy. They asked the old Irishman in the corner to settle the argument. "The Irish have the best navy," he said, “in Heaven's name, where Is the Irish navy?" said the other two. “And what a fool I'd be to bo telling you whan you might be a couple of ¦plea," said the Irishman.
is
Doing
OPPORTUNITIES FOR MEN
ELECTRIC MOTORS
PREPARE FOR THE FUTURE, industry urgently requires trained men. Learn electric welding now. General Welding Works, 100 Jarvis. To
ELECTRIC MOTORS
for every purpose. Jones & Moore Electric. 296 Adelaide Street VV., Toronto.
SUITABLE
MAY REPLACE INSULIN
Discovery of a substance which in laboratory investigation has reduced blood sugar in rabbits and monkeys and in a few cases In diabetic Individuals, is announced by Dr. J. )$. Collip, head of the Biochemistry Department a: McGill University.
The substance, prepared from a pituitary tissue, is given by the mouth. If proven effective, It would eliminate the mental discomfort and physical suffering caused by repeated Injections of Insulin in the treatment of diabetes.
i to.
i Ul
ri:u>n\ai
FISHING TACKLE OR SPORTING
GOODS
QUIT TUBACCU. SNUFF. EASILY.
Home remedy.
inexpensively.
Testimonials. Guaranteed. Advice free Bartlett's Box 1. Winnipeg.
FISHERMEN! SEND FOR OUR new, larger, 1940 Fishing Tackle catalogue, out March 20th. Hants. 171 Craig St W.. Montreal, Quebec.___________________
“Some men thirst after fame, some after love and some after money."
“I know eomethlng they all th I rat after."
“What's that7"
“Salted peanuts.”
E.
Canadian National Railways Revenues
HEPATOLA RELIEVES STOMACH and Liver troubles. Symptoms: Pains In right side, under shoulder blades end across hips, indigestion, gas. constipation, gall trouble. Formula of doctor. Results in one day! Price $6.00. Mrs. Geo. S. Aimas, Box 1073W. Saskatoon. Sask.
FILMS
BEST RESULTS — ROLLS DEV ELoped with hlgloss deckled edged prints — 25c. Reprints 3c. Beautiful enlargement free. Prompt service. Excel Photo*. 1266 Lans-downe Ave.. Toronto.
The gross revenues of the all-inclusive Canadian National Railways system for the week ending February 7tb, 1940, were $4,369,293. as compared with $3,163,696, for the corresponding week of 1939. an increase of $1,205,697 or 38.1%.
A passenger on board ship found that he had left his toothbrush in the washroom. Returning to recover fit. he found a man using It.
“Sir," he exclaimed in amazement, “that le my brush you are using !”
"Ob," replied the man apologetically, 'Tin eo sorry. I though it be-k«ged to the boat."
STOMaCH SUFFERERS: GIVE DR. Mc^od’s Remedy Stomachic a. chance to clear up your stomach trouWe. At Drug Stores, or write Dr. McLeod's Stomachic Co., 658 Bathurst Street, Toronto.
FILMS — PRINTS
FREE ENLARGEMENT IN STUDIO. Folder with each order. Filma developed and printed by experts. 86c: reprints 10 for 25c. Nu-Way Photo Service. Station "A". Toronto.
6,000 TIMES BRIGHTER
Using an odd camera which now make* round stars into square ones William H. Christie has determined the brightness of 18 globular star clusters.
"All the stars in the clusters are hotter and more brilliant than our lun," says the Mount Wilson observatory astronomer.
"The total brightness of the smaller clusters Is 6,000 times that of the sun, and that of the larger 1# 800,000 times.
"Despite their brilliance, only
two clusters are near enough to be seen with the naked eye.
WEARY DESPONDENT
HEALTH! A SIMPLE PREVENTIVE of common colds, self-applied, based on radio principles, "static" in the nervous system. Corrective clr-cailts made with the hands. Effective in blood pressure and heart
Instructions F. C. Fra-Brentwood Bay, Vancouver
filDI 6s Crying spells. Irritable MIIM83$ nerves due to functional
‘"monthly''pain should find » real “woman's friend* in Lydia E. Pink-ham's Vegetable Compound. Try ill
lydiaE.Pinkhanrs"“u“
FOR SALE
weakness, etc. Easy * sent on receipt of $8.00.
see,
Island, B.C.
EXCELLENT FARM LANDS. BEST districts Western Canada, reasonable prices and terms. Some wheat yields over seventy bushels per âcre. Splendid climate. Write or see R. J. Hollis A Co. Ltd., La combe. Alberta.
Doctor: “Why do you have BF 7652 tattooed on your back?"
Patient: "That's not tattooed, doctor. That's where my wife ran Into me with the ear when l was opening the garage doors.*'
FALSE TEETH LOOSENESS AND annoyance banished cheaply at home by dentist's wonderful covery to fit
nation without obligation. Randolph Laboratory, 22 Whitehall ttoad, Toronto.
dis-
TIRED FEET
y for building up old plate . Users amazed. Free lnfor-
FURE BRED ANGORA RABBITS, mature breeders, four dollars each — Routledge. 410 Fourteenth Ave.. jo»,chine. Quebec.

*4

Guaranteed »
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
•ALES MANAGER WANTED
A professor at"V famous semiu-•ry was addressing the students dee to take their departure. He had been verbose and prosy.
"finally, gentlemen," he concluded, "remember that when you go Bit into the world you will find fooieelves face So face with a k>t f# people Beads."
He was attending a meeting
DISTRICT SALES MANAGER TO supervise agents selling shoes. H. Ritchie Shoe Co., 466 Craig 6L W.. fgon t real.
Used
New
m
^ScratchinfiB
• PKi IA1.1ZIXG IN REBUILT MOTORS, POWER. UNITS, Hydraulic ¦elute, Winches, Gene raters, Stnrt-ii el os. Carburetors. Ksdlat-Exehaege Service, 01 Satisfaction er refund. Levy Auto Perte. Teroate.	____________
À
SEED FOR SALE
GOVERNMENT TESTED SEEDS from (grower to tower) shipped in sealed bage. properly mixed for a wonderful Bay or pasture crop. Red Clover. Ale Ike, Timothy lure, $18.26 per 100 lbs. F ¦aid. v a k1-Fort Dover,
Q-Ck rr lief from ikklflg Of
AMlSSF11
L	sed quickly Rom ieftaam
» M,XsTii.maî

le
, mix-re lght ee, Mlener Seeds, tarlo.
who have leet Hi sir
l INimi NÎ
£
ISSUE NO. 6—*40
uigict
#
###PAGE###8###
I


Look Here
A hockey match of much interest was staged at the local Arena on Wednesday evening when the High School team defeated the graduates 0 to 2, in a hard-fought game.
1 >

For Salr, Wants, Found
Lost ole.
(Certified Chicks


$
Overcoats
Still at
Low Prices
O
V
Shawville Co-operative Hatchery
B. T. STARK, Manager
FOU SALE — About fifteen tons o loose hay. Apply to W. F. Pritchard, Wyman, Que.
BRISTOL NEWS
Mr. Robt. Sheppard received word Sunday of the sudden death of his sister, Mrs. Brown, at Manotick, and left Monday to attend the funeral.
Mrs. Murray Smith returned to her home Thursday after visiting, her daughters, Mrs. Kielly Hodgins, Cornwall, and Mrs. John McCann, Ottawa.
Mrs. Pearl G arret y spent the weekend in Ottawa the gu?st of her parents.
Mr. Samuel Knox and son, George, spent a week in Pakenham visiting the former’s sister, Mrs. W. Hogarth and brother, James.
St Edward s Ladies' Auxiliary
The monthly meeting of the Ladies Auxiliary was held at the home of Mrs Frank McKee, on Thursday afternoon. The assembly was called to order by the Vice president and opened with the recitation of a prayer for peace.
The secretary reported the sale of several articles of knitting and fancy work during the past month. It was decided to co-operate to the fullest extent possible with the Canadian Red Cross in its war work.
The hostess was assisted in serving dainty refreshments by Misses Margaret McCaffrey and Theresa Dumas.
During the evening bridge and euchre were played prizes being won by Mrs. Thus. Martin and Miss Margaret McCaffrey.
The next meeting will be held at the home of Mrs. Murray Smith.
f


FARM FOR SALE-Lot No. 6 0. on the 4th Range of the Township of Clarendon, containing 60 acres, more or less. Eight-roomed hrlck house. New barn. Apply to Donamj Fraskr, 2154 Wavcrley Street, Ottawa. Ont.
<
Quebec
Shawville,
the flocks are blood-tested and under the
Quebec Government Inspection.
Eggs must weigh at least 2 ounces each.
Our chicks are issued from vigorous birds of standard size and selected for egg production
All
FOR SALE — Matched pair of black horses. French Canadian, mare and gelding, 3 and 4 years old ; also a number of grade Durham milch cows, some already freshened. Apply to Hilliard Brattik, Onslow Corners, Que. Rhone, Shawville, 12—D.
A fine range to choose from, all shades and sizes.
Priced from $15.00 to $25.00
BREEDS
FOR RENT—Well improved farm, 4 miles south of Shawville, near School and C N R. Station. Apply Horner, Box 196, Noranda, Que
White Leghorn — New Hampshire
to Olaudk
Barred-Plymouth Rock
Chicks will be available on the
following Dates.
$12.00 per 100 1200 “ “ 11.00 “
10.00 11 “
9.00 “	‘
8 00 “ “
100 than above price*
To avoid
FOR SALE—A number of Pure bred Yorkshire Pigs, 3 weeks old. Apply to Russell Elliott, Charterls, Que. Phone Shawville 30-31.
dry cleaning
We send dry cleaning to Renfrew once a week, so bring your suits or dresses and. leave them here.
March, 25 and 28..............
April 1, 4, 8, 11, 15, 18. 22. 25, 29
May 2. 0, 9.................
"	13, 10, 20, 23 .......
"	27 and ..............'
Jnne 3, 0, 10, 13, 17, 20, 24, »<
For White Leghorn* $1 00 le** per
Order Early—Many hatches already partly ordered
Disappointment Order Today
FOR SALK—One blood horse, gelding 6 years old. 1150 lbs., suitable for work or drive. Will exchange for black mare, 2 or 3 years old. Apply to Earl Dons. Maryland, Que, Phone 23 -6.
• 4
IT orris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
FOR SALE — Two brooder houses lit good condition. 10 x 12 and 12 x 12. Apply to Foster Corrigan, R. 3, Shawville. Phone 20-2.
>
FOR SALE — Diningroom extension Table ; 1 Chinn Cabinet ; 1 Cabinet and 1 Portable Vfctrola both jn good working order ; 1 Dash Churn ; 1 Iron lied ; I Dresser ; 1 Fire Extinguisher in good condition. Applly to Amky Darnktt. Shawville.

I
Funeral Of Mto_EU».b.«hPn.t «^rilemont^ ptf wbo'e'denth 'occurredpoll
ISSliPS
Campbell s Hay The pall bearers
iWoy'some/ville, Clarence, Percy ^ ^gg^minster, B. C.
W®1
pd to New Westminster over 30 years ago, and for many years worked as a boomer on the r raser Hiver. A charter member of Leslie L O L, and when moving from his old home in Leslie transferred
A^e»S,.r, b.m"berdeS.S	£*£9
iiBSilEsiii
ee

m

HODGINS, P. O.
Jeffrey Valley News
The Junior Girls’ Club met at the home of their president, Mrs. H. E Mitchem, on Wednesday evening, Feb. 14th, A short program was given in which most of the members took part.
Some very interesting ideas in gardening was given in a talk by R. C. Hoe. Mrs. Mitchem then raffled the fan quilt. The lucky ticket was drawn by W. H. Thompson, of Smith s Falls, who made a few complimentary remarks on the splendid work of the girls. Clayton Roderick held the winning ticket.
A number of young men, who have spent the Winter months in the lumbering camps, have returned to their respective homes in this locality.
Many of the farmers are busily engaged in hauling ice.
Pulpwood Wanted
I am prepared to purchase green o peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood* F.O,B. cars on V. N. or C\ P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick-up-by trucks Phone or write,
z

>
J. M. A KG UK, Shawville, Que
Phone 7*5
Stewart Former Resident of Leslie Dies in
i
were
Jas
FOR SALE
“ 25 000 " Sheets Galvanized Steel Roofing ordinary and Council Standard. Send ridge and rafter lengths for estimate. EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd. 1335 Delorimier Avenue
Montreal. Quebec
m--
y
W
Plant CANADIAN
TnJtm.
>
addition to nephews.
French Specialist Wanted
CERTIFIED SEED
i
Michael Lance Dies In Lumber Camp
Applications will be received by the undersigned Secretary up until March 1940, for ct Protestant French Specialist holding a first class certificate to teach in the Shawville High School. Applicant to state age, experience and salary expected
X/TAKE plans early this year to harvest a bumper crop of smooth, iVl clean, high-quality potatoes. Good seed is the first requirement for an excellent crop . . . because only good seed will grow vigorous plants, phmts that can withstand most of the serious
diseases common to potatoes.
Canadian Certified Seed Potatoes are good seed potatoes. By planting them, many of the losses due to disease will be avoided ... higher-quality, cleaner, smoother, more uniform potatoes than those grown from ordinary seed stock will be produced.
So, this season, harvest finer potatoes — and more of them. Plant Canadian Certified Seed. Grow potatoes that will grade Canada No. 1.
Canadian Certified Seed Potatoes are available in all standard varieties. Be sure to select the variety most suitable for your locality! Ask the local District Government Inspector, Plant Protection Division, for full information and list of nearest distributors.
8th
Order Bray Chicks now, and be “lucky” when egg prices climb next Fall. See me, or phone me, right away. Personal attention, prompt delivery.
C. Harold Boulton
Bristol Egg & Poultry Association
BRISTOL • QUEBEC
J. A. DEAN,
SecreUry-Tresurer, Shawville, Que.
Teachers Wanted
Applications will be received by the undersigned Secretary up until March 8th, 1940, for Protestant Teachers to teach in the Clarendon Rural Schools and the elementary grades in the Shawville High School.
Food supplies are important tn wartime —
This year, plant and raise only the best.
----------------- H Look for this certification tag on the bag or container
—the only way cf being sure of Sv getting Canadian Crt;-
Seed Potatoes. Examine it carefully.
Wilson’s Garage
INSPECTOR FOR
PROVINCE OF QUEBEC
District Inspector, Seed Pot*» Certification Post 06ce Building, Ste Anne de L Poca Here, P.Q.
J. A. DEAN,
Secretary-Treasurer Shawville, Que.
The Same Reliable Service

Agricultural Suppliet Board DOMINION DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE, OTTAWA
Honourable James G. Gardiner, m	Minister,
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Teachers Wanted
Ford Service
Applications will be received by the undersigned Secretary-Treasurer until 3G=3 March 9, 1940, for 10 Teachers holding intermediate or Elementary Diploma, j for the Protestant Schools of the Township of Bristol, including Principal of 11 Intermediate School. Applicants pea-c experience and salary expected.
H. I. SMITH,
Secretary-Treasurer, Maryland, Que.
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
John, of St. Joseph's Academy. Rentre,v, Ont., also 31 grand child!en and five great grand____J___. Many spiritual and
floral offerings were received.
Pall-bearers were. Messrs. C. J and Dennis Neville, Charles and Jeremiah Shea, Thomas Donnelly and M. J. St. Jermain.
0
0
Mrs. Ellen O Hare
J. P. Wilson
Shawville Agricultural Short Course
April 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 1940
A large number of friends and relatives of Pontiac County gatir ered at the home of Mrs. Ellen O’Hare on Calumet Island, Que., to pay a last tribute to the memory of one who was loved and w ill be mourned not only by her family and relatives but by all whom she was associated with. She died Wednesday morning, Feb. 14, at her home after an illness of a few days at the age ot 74 years and 3 months. She wa« the former Ellen Needham and the widow of the late John
children
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
t
0

David W. Budd Die»
David W. Budd, well known Renfrew business man died at the Victoria Hospital, Renfrew, Saturday, at the age of 74 years
Mr, Hudd suffered injuries m an automobile accident on a Renfrew street some five months’ ago, from which he never recovered. He was an enthusiastic sportsman and one ot the pioneer fur traders of the district, and well known in Pontiac.
Surviving are one son, Norman D Budd, of Renfrew, two sisters,
and three brothers.
The funeral was held on Monday afternoon, from the residence ot his son, and was under the diree_ tion of the Independent Order ot Oddfellows, in which he held membership for over fifty years.
Pontiac Rural Telephone
Company
Subjects for five-minute speeches Public Speaking Contest
Vehicles and Horses For Sale
Wealthy gentleman’s liighelass vehi-Rubber-tiied buggy, made to
Feb. 24th, 1940
A meeting of the Directors of the Pontiac Rural Telephone Co., Ltd , was held in the Telephone Office at three
o’clock.
Members present were Piesident, and Directors H. Beattie, ft. Sheppard, A. Sly, Ira Hanna, Roy Mac-farlane and Dr. S. E. McDowell.
Minutes of last meeting were read and confirmed on motion of T. (J. Elliott and H. Beattie-Carried.
Motion by Ira Hanna and A. Sly, that this Company approve of the purchase of 82.000.00 Government Bonds—
^Motion by Roy Macfarlane and Robt. Sheppard, that this Board appoint Thos. Eades as manager for the coming
year.—Carried.	n
Motion by Roy Macfarlane and i. V. Elliott, that this Board re-engage the Operators at the same salary as last
year.—Carried.
Motion by A. Sly and H. Beattie, that this Board re-angage Hem m Elliott as Lineman, Secretary and Caretaker at
the same salary.—Cairied.
Motion by Dr McDowell to adjourn.
—Carried.
on
des. _	---- . ..
order, three lights, storage battery.
Half Speeder Cutter, highest quality, slightly used, cost 8300.00. Sale price for pair 875.00. Choice young Mares and Geldings, special bargains. MiddleDriving Mare, extra good reader,
WH<
O’Hara who was Postmaster at Dunraven P O. for over 40 years. Mr. O’Hara predeceased her by 13 years. They were old pioneer residents of Calumet Island.
The funeral procession from her late home by Ringro=e Bros., undertakers, on Feb. 10, at 10 o’clock to St. Anne’'» Roman Catholic church which she attended all her life and was a great church woi ker. Mass was sung by Rev. J. L Enright of that parish. Intelnienut was made in the parish cemeteiy in the family plot
there.	. .
Chief mourners and surviving
lelatives are five daughters, Mrs. J. J Hollinger, Mrs John Gilchrist and Mrs. D A Fournier, Ottawa, Ont.; Mrs. Eric Sullivan, and Mrs. YVm. Faught, Calumet Island, Que ; foui sons, Charles O’llaie, of Hornepayne, Ont.; Thomas and John, of Detroit, and Michael O’Hara, of Calumet Island ; also four sisters, Mrs P. Carroll and Mrs. P. Brown, ot Montreal ; Mrs. A Bayne, of La Tuque, Que , and Miss Emily Needham, of Schumacher, Ont ; two brothers, Wru. and Michael Needham, ot Pembroke, Ont., ft niece Sister St.
Contestants, 14 years and under
1 —My 1 m pressions of the Royal Train 2—My Favorite Farm Animal.
:3—Vegetable Gardening.
4—	The Farm Chores.
5—	My Hobby.
0—	The Farm Poultry Flock.
Contestants 15 to 20 years, inclusive
1—	The Royal Visit of 1039.
2—	Rural Recreation.
3—	Song Birds
4—	Farm Bookkeeping.
—Keeping our Main Roads Open in the Wintei
0—	The Rural Problem.
Contestants 21 to 25, inclusive
1—	How I Can Help Win the War.
2—	Adult Education.	....
3—	Exploiting our Agricultural Possibilities. .
4—	What I Expect from the Farm.
5—	Efficiency on the Farm.
0— Bacon Hog Production.
Thom. Fade*

age
SfiO.OO
Apply to W. J. SMITH
Renfrew, Ont. Reuben Smith, Shawville
Reference
Teachers Eager to Help
Large numbers of educators throughout Canada have offered their services without remuneration to the Canadian Legion Educational Services Inc. In Winnipeg, alone, 160 teachers have placed themselves at the disposal of those in charge of the scheme, which has a two fold objective. The first is to improve the mental equipment of so that they will be eligible for promotion to higher non commissioned ranks and commissions. The second is to add to their training and knowledge so that they will be able more readily to find suitable employment when peace is declared.
Mr. McDonald Opens Campaign at Chapeau
Mr. W. It. McDonald, membei of the last Parliament and official Liberal candidate for the County of Pontiac, opened his campaign with a meeting in Chapeau on Sunday evening last.
Mayor L. Pleau, of Chapeau, was in the chair, and the meeting was addressed by Mr. McDonald, E C. Lawn, M L A., and J Oscar La flam me, K. C , pie-ident of Pontiac Liberal Association
men
H. E. Elliott,
Secretary
L
