###PAGE###1###





HE

r
No 35, 56th Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1939
91.50 pep annum In Advance 2.00 to the United States
!
PERSONAL MENTION
Short Courses In Agriculture March 27th to 31st
BOHN
Cowling
Mine Lotus Macartney, of Ottawa. xvns a week-end guest of Miss Lucille Brough.
Mre. William Welch, of Stark's Corners, is visiting at the home of her daughter in Ottawa.
Miss Norah Hod gin*, who is attending Business College in Ottawa, spent the week end with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. John L. Hudgins.
Among those from distance attending the funeral of Mr. James Meeon Tuesday afternoon were. Miss Lotitii Eides, Mrs. 9. K Ogilvie. Mr. A. Petti piece, all of Ottawa.
Cor Rio all— At "Shaw ville Community Hospital, on Saturday February 18th<d03f), to Mr and Mrs. Jas Corrigall, (nee Ruby TowIa.ii). "f Bristol, Q xe , a son. — Brian James.
Shawville Hardware
Arrangement® are being com pieteci tor the annual Short Cpurse® in Agriculture to be held at the Exhibition Hall, Shawville, from Mart h 27th to 81st inclusive. Subject® of speaking contest® and other information will be published next week.
Business College
38 Bank Street Ottawa, Canada
The only butine®» school in this district that measure® up to the standard set by the business h lucators Association of Canada— the highest in the Dominion.
Enter any time. Individual instruction
thr C/enuine
Shsrwin ¦ Williams m	-m
emi-lustre
DIED
M< KFNNY-At Shawville Community Hospital, on Friday evening, February 17th,	1030,
John McKenny, of Wolfe Lake, Que., aged 74 years.
Dr. Harry Parke Dies at
Sioux Falls, South Dakota

Bristol W. I.
Bristol Women’® Institute met at the home of Mrs Roy Macfar-lane, with the President, Mr®. E Findlay, in the chair. An inter eating part of the meeting was a
presentation of silver spoons to.¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ Miss Gladys Stureoii, a past presi- Mis® Fiormn Brough, who ha® Relatives in thi® district received dent of the society, who is to be completed her course in profession- word last week of the death of married soon. The address was al nursing at Ottawa Civic Hospi- Dr. Harry Parks, at Sioux halls, read by Miss Lenore Grant and tal, i® spending a vacation at the “()lRh Dakota, the presentation made by Mrs. home of her parents, Mr. and Mr®. Or. Park® is well-known in this It win Russell. Musical selection® A. G Brough.	district, having spent the past
remark» on errent event».	Ml.. Olady. Sturgeon Honored
when their Excellencies the On Friday evening at the home
»... Cure. W_M ..	S.Æ.iï ftÙ&Cv.Kg	ft
VVTM%Febrtll7theehng °frKMOX Lady Ta-eedlm n lrl ! n g Cu ^ H«ye»T iSnot'oTthe* bride** ti°be! W.M.8. met at the home of Mrs.	——? 	Miss Gladys Sturgeon. The even-
G,V.""K;hiÎE ffïKlp*"ÆÎ. ™ —	*
_	I’pon arrival of Miss Sturgeon a
PHtœSüH
„ . .	.. day night.	read by Miss Eileen Walsh to
IRK
%	% rsfep/ ft ESjSft
ESmSE
mis directed shot. .	freshroent® and departed for their
Geo. Seed, of Ottawa, was in respective homes wishing the pros-charge of the game.	pectijre bride and groom i
The teams :	| happiness in their new .home.
pi, ShawviltefGoal, Hayes; defence.
Final tribute to the memory of Leslie Dale and C Hynrtman ;
Mr. James Mee, respected resident I centre, Red Dale ; wings, Hubert of this district since childhood, Dale and 8. Langford ; sub®, K was paid at hi® funeral on Tues- Elliott, B. Clements, E. Judd, L. day afternoon of last week, from Young and W. Gibson, his late resident, Fifth line, Clar- Fort Cou longe— Shea ; defence, endon, to Shawville Standard E. Davis and Barrow ; centre.
Church. Service was conducted Lapoit ; wing®, M Dempsey, C. by Rev. S. 8. Lindsay. Rev. J. Keon ; subs. Nevel, Ladoticeur.
Weaver and Mrs. H. Wilson sang Barrow, T Davis, Duke and by special request, “The City Four Doyle.
Square’	I
Interment was at Maple Grove Shawville team will go to Coul-1 = cemetery, the q>all-bearers being, onge on Thursday night by special Messrs. Russell Mee, Asa Wilson, train, and the club are hopeful Ralph Grant, Hubert Brownlee, that local fans and supporters will Harry Fade® and James Warren, show their interest by taking in Floral tributes were received | the trip, from Mr and Mrs. W. A. Petti-
p|e«». Mr. and Mm R. A. Petti Bristol Eliminate. 8h»wvill.
and* Mrs I *^T**h** ** Intermediate League
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Jackson, Mrs T A. Fades.
SATIN - ENAMEL
The sensational washable satin enamel for walls, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other stains wash off with soap and water. We have a full selection of the lovely pastel shades.
$1.60
W. E COWIWC, President
N. W. BRAITHWAITE
Principal

I

Per
5
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
Quart
notary public
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Oefick — In the G. F. Horigins Building Main Street, Que.
Call and see our new 1939
Wallpaper Samples
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
i
>
Est. C. J. Caldwell
eight members and three visitors present.
CLINTON H. DOWD
O.L. 4%
BA. LL.B
Advocate, Barrister, etc.
Main Street . .
• #
Hull, Que.
k W
Phone, Sher. 1354
t
At Pontiac House, Shawville, Que e ery Friday evening.
DRESSES ON SALE


DONAT Le GUERRIER
LL. e..
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
¦ • A
• #
1 Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
vvv n vvs vnvsn s n \ \\ws\

Dr. R. E. DAGG
SCRGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Â Drummond Street
Almost our entire stock of dresses on sale, one special price
MONTREAL, QUE.
FLATEAU 63 81
We must move out our old stock to make room for
the spring arrival
DQ. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West
MONTREAL, QUE.
BELAIR 3 267

D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
Phone SI.
ueh
Many Attend Funeral et James files
If
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
$16,012 Received by Ottawa Bible Society
Values up to
$6.95
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell’s Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week.
A total of 16,012.89 was received by the Ottawa Bible Society in the course of the past year it was announced at a meeting held last week. Of this $405 was from legacies $11,740 14 from branches and the remainder from Bible House sales.


JAMES A. MILLAR
L L .L,
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etce
l29 Main St
i
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
fil
B A
• e

On Sale at
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat Specialist medical anre building
(
Hull,Que.
•I
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay,
f
ONT.
OTTAWA, -
PRONE, 2-7961
In a fast game of the Intermediate League played at Bristol on
»	. . ,____»	¦ ¦ , .Saturday night, before a large
Mr. Mee had been confined to crowd of fane, Bristol defeated his home for some months due to Shawville by a score of 4 to 2, a paralytic stroke, and suffered a thus eliminating the visitors from second one about a week previous the play off®, to his death.	I The locals had a decided edge on
He was a progressive farmer in the play for the final period*.
Radford section and of late years Scorers for Bristol were Black in Zion section of Clarendon. He with 2, Roy and Langford ~
$2.49

l
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
aDletxlct of 3Poxxtleic •
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
4
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER 111 MAIN STREET,
PROSE, 2 -22 1
HULL, QUEBEC
I "iL4Jirawvi,le’ "*icVrdZ
F mm a Petti piece, whoKfdeceas	EÉÈEEBEË
ed him eight years ago.	i mucr, juiuoj auu v. nuy : centre,
a devout member of the Standard Langford ; wing* Black and Riley;
' tube. Johnston, E. Roy, Findlay,
At Proudfoot’e Hotel, Campbell’* Bay every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p.m.
I Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
I Bristol—Goal, M. Russell ; de-,	_
He was | fenceL Smiley andjC. Roy ; centre, | At Pontiac House, Shawville, every
Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
Church.	wlrUIIOUUU ^ ,
Left to mourn the low of » lov- K. Hanna and R. Hanna.	,____ _	,
mg father^re two eons. Bid rid, at	Shawville- Goal, Phillips ; de
feSUSM Bf te	I CLARENCE T. BROWNLEE
Piavua, Ont., and lira Lola Hor- Harris ; subs, Shore, Way. Elliott, tier, at home. One son, James and Fokes.
Forest, died some years ago. He Referees-Bed Dale, of Shawville, survived by one brother, and B. Thompson of Bristol.
George Mee, of Radford, and two Bristol will now play-off with siaUro, Mrs. Wm. Grant; of Mow- Qtfyon for the Mossop Cap The head, and Mrs. T. A. Eades. of | dates have not yet been derided
wsg#
in
REPRESENTING OMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d
REPRESENTING
MUTUAL LIFE ASSU1AMCE Ce.
OF CANADA
Pftoee 21-7,1. 1, Shawville, fee.
Shawville
Quebec
SHAWVILLE - QUE

on.
I

\

###PAGE###2###
Latest Aerial Weapon
National Aid For Students Is Advocated I

The
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
" WORTH REACHING IN FOR!"

BOOK SHELF
Ok
*


By ELIZABETH EEDY

)
!
V
Paul Martin, M.P., For Essex East, Urges a System of Scholarships For Brilliant But Needy Canadians.
The government should Investigate the desirability of n system of national scholarships for outstanding students who are financially unable to continue their education, according to n resolution, sponsored by Paul Martin. Liberal, Essex East, appearing In the House of Commons votes and proceedings.
The scholarships would enable the students to obtain undergrdau-ate or post graduate training In universities, agricultural colleges and technical schools?
"Help Brightest Young People"
"The Important Industrial nations of the world are spending large sums annually in scholarship systems to ensure that the most brilliant of their boys and girls may not bo prevented, because of a lack of financial resources, from securing adequate academic training to enable them to take their proper place as thoroughly trained leaders In Industrial, professional and public life of their respective countries," the resolution said.
"In this age of scientific advance In all walks of life, Canada cannot afford to ignore longer and lote the tremendous asset which It possesses In the latent ability for trained leadership of the brightest of her young people."
1.	What are the important
things for a man to consider when selecting a business suit?
2.	Please suggest what would be the most simple and sufficient main course for a guest luncheon.
3.	How should one issue invitations for a motor drive or trip?
4.	When the coffee or ten is very hot, isn't one permitted to use the spoon to sip it?
UNSOLVED MYSTERIES OF THE ARCTIC
By Vilhjalmur Stefansson
••The great romance of the Middle Ages was the first crossing of the Atlantic by Europeans, the unveiling of the New World. The great tragedy of the westward movement was the disappearance of 9,000 Europeans from their first American colony. The great mystery is how and why they disappeared.”
On such a fascinating note does Stefansson's newest book open. You are interested at once and ciey interested till the last page of “Unsolved Mysteries of the Arctic” has been turned. How was the Franklin Arctic expedition lost, and why? What happened to the Russian fliers? (Mr. Stefansson
alive).
The author, world-famous Icelandic explorer, (born in Manitoba), seeks to solve these hitherto unanswered questions. More than any other person living today he is qualified for the task. He lfis spent long years in the Arctic, mapping, exploring, living with the
Eskimos.
“Unsolved Mysteries of the Arctic” ... by Vilhjalmur Stef.	. Toronto, the Mac-
millan Company of Canada, Limited ..	.	$4.
Your first pipeful of Dixie Plug will convince you that it goes further end lests longer too.
1
M
1-Ç7

O

FJ

I
;

6. Is it rude to insist upon having the last word when conversing with others?
6. Who should select and engage the clergyman for a church wedding?
*
PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO



/
V £
t

X
Turkish women live longer than men, according to an official report issued at Angora, but emancipation has shortened their lives.
Hypnotic Influence
Answers
1. The cut of the suit is probably the most important feature. Loud or striking patterns should be avoided, as well as very light colors and extremes in fashion. 2. A meat, fowl, or fish, and one or two vegetables. 3. The invitation is usually given verbally, in person or by telephone. 4. No. Merely wait until the coffee or tea has cooled sufficiently. After stirring, the spoon should be placed in the saucer and remain there. 5. Yes, it is rude, and always profitless. The success is never worth the effort. 6. Usually the wedding ceremony takes place in the church which the bride and her family attend.
\
Albert‘Clark, of Russelville, Ky., observed that one of his chickens seemed hypnotized and would not take her eyes from an overhead light. When Clark turned off the light, the hen ran around cackling furiously. Several days later she laid a bulb-shaped egg, which Clark sent to Washington as proof.
believes they may still be

COUGHS
Sir Kingsley Wood, British minister for air, tries the latest in machine guns destined for use in Britain’s new bombing planes. This new gun has an automatic movable turret which will aid the gunner in coping with the new-high speed combe t planes by shifting his position for him.
France is developing an artificial teeth industry, but finds it difficult to compete with the high grade American product.
DUE 10
COLDS
Distressing cold in chest or throat, never safe to neglect, quickly up when soothing, warming Mils-tende is applied.
Better than a mustard plaster, Musterole gets action because it's NOT just a salve. It's a "counter-Irritant"—stimulating, penetrating, and helpful in overcoming local gestion and pain.
Used by millions for 30 years. Recommended by many doctors and nurses. Made in Canada, in three strengths: Regular Strength, Children’s (mild), and Extra Strong. Approved by Good Housekeeping Bureau. All druggists, 4(% each.
"All the cattle were slaughtered for food, as there had been no feed for them anyway. Hay was shipped from Ireland for the starving cattle about Quebec, and It sold there for $45 per ton. Even next spring, flour was selling for $17 per barrel at Quebec and potatoes were a penny per pound.”
taaion
con-
Off to England—First of a Bumper Crop of Bombers
Brief rent holidays will be given 2-1,000 tenants at Sheffield, England, because housing loans have been renewed at lower rates.

A HAPPY REMINDER!
I
üf

F "
l
\
\
\
w
ip
/....
/A3 " ,
While Im tow» get year copy ol this week's Toronto $ t • 9 Weekly.

M
wife -
A J

USES BOTH HANDS TO WRITE
4
\

i
%
!
«•»
5
t 'v
H

Letter From a Man of 90
He asks us to excuse his writing. We do more than that—we congratulate him on being able to write at all at his age, especially as he has been suffering from rheumatism. This is what he says in his letter:—
"Three years ago I was in bed for six weeks with inflammatory rheumatism, have been taking kruschcn Salts, and have not had another attack. But the complaint left me with inflamed feet, and it hurt me to walk. My hands were also somewhat stiff. I took Kruschen every morning before breakfast, shall continue to do so, because I am sure they have kept me in good shape for three years. Excuse this writing as I am ninety years old, and use both hands to write.”— J.R.G.
The pain and stiffness of rheumatism are often caused by uric acid in the muscles and joints. Kruschen helps to dissolve and remove excess uric acid in a gentle way through the natural channels. Renewed health and vigour is the result.
e
V
Classified Advertising
1
RS

*


?/

jtiS

BABY CHICK*
infill iii.ooi) nu:sM hr
HIGH BLOOD V RKS8URK—XV RITE for free booklet and full particulars regarding our amazingly aur. cessful h y blood treatment. Pedigreed Products, Saskatoon, Sank.
DON’T CONFUSE T WEDDLE Chicks with cheap chicks with little or no breeding back of them. Twaddle Chicks are nil Government Approved from blood tested breeders and mold only at low prices because we have reduced our operating costs and our method of marketing. Mixed Male and Female chicks from $10.50 up, Pullets $18.00. Write for catalogue and full details, Ttveddle Chick Hatcheries

> /b\. » -,



*
'
*

Since that time I
«

48m-. \

MONEY FOR SALE
*1

f
ÉW:sti
%
RITCT 1RS NO. 1 CLOVER HASS-wrod Honey. Twelve fours or rlt
Amber $3.00. Six tens 54.75. Robert Ritchie,
rmwrwA.w .
x*.* m" ' j* .
i


% >
oiirhfs $4.iV!
* 'lover Wemyss, Ontario.
Limited, Fergus, Ont.
¦* ï
n
*

pm
QUALITY GOVERNMENT APPROV-•d Chicks from blood tested breeders thut satisfy our customers and ¦old at a low price. Standard Quality Barred Rocks, White Rocks, New Hampshire Reds $9.50, Pullets $16.95. Leghorns $9.00, Pullets $19.00. Big egg Quality from $6 ounce eggs and larger slightly higher. Send for complete price list. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery, Limited, Baden. Ontario.
rags and tail assembly removed to facilitate handling, the first of an order of 250 Lockheed bombing airplanes, built in United States for Great Britain waits on a barge in New York harbor for the crane which will load it aboard the steamship, Andania. The shipment is particularly interesting in view of the furore raised in Washington, and in Germany and Italy, over the United States' policy of building aircraft for Britain and
France.
and
HONEY FOU SALE
Its win
CHOICE HONEY—SIX N LB. PA ILK Amber $.7.no. Buckwheat $3.00: 65 lbs. Amber $3 90, Buckwheat $3 50. Hutchinson Bros., Mount Forest. Ontario
LEARN HAIRDRESSING
A. The waffle iron should be given a good cleansing at least every sixty days, paste of three tablespoons of baking soda and two teaspoons of water. Apply with a thick brush.
Q. How can I make the leaves of my rubber plant green and glossy ?
A. Sprinkle a little sweet oil around the roots of the plant every few weeks.
Douglas viewed it in silence. “Now, son,” said his father,
of the best. It a lifetime.
Still Douglas kept silent.
“Don’t you like it, Douglas?” “Oh, yes, I like it. But how do
LEARN HAIRDRESSING UNDER the personal supervision of Mr. V. Crompton, prize winning hairdresser. Booklet on request. School of Modern Hairdressing, 35$ Yonge St., Toronto.
HAVE
Make a thick
“tida furniture is wm last you
109 BRAY BARRED ROCK PULlets, laying at 4X4 months, hit 76% production at 7 months old for Bob and Roy Manuel, Armdnle, Nova Scotia. Order your Bray chicks today. Bray Hatchery. 130 John St. North. Hamilton, Ontario.
OATS FOR SALE
°0 "T
arD

ERRAN OATS — EARLY. HIGH yielding, rust resistant. 75c. Duncan McDonald. Ethel. Ontario.
LESLIE SKIPPER. MERRITTON, Ontario, lost only 4 out of 450 Bray White Rock Chicks. Cocker-ala over 6 lbs. at 6 months. Pullets laying seventy per cent, at 7 months. The Bray chick does the trick. Write for catalogue today. Bray Hatchery. 130 John Street North, Hamilton. Ontario._
I know my wife will like it?”
“What animal am 1 imitating 99-ktonk 99-klonk 99-kIonk?” *1 five up.”
"A centipede with one wooden leg.”
HE
OPPORTUNITY
FORTUNES HAVE BEEN REAPED from small Investments. Parttcu-D. A Mitchell, 1123-67 Yonge St., Torontov
S WHY HAVE
M
1er
Sm m SORE
Mother—“Willie, why did you kick your little brother in the stomach ?”
Willie—“It was his own fault. Be turned round.”
FEET?
#
PATENTS
Speech to the Dumb
COLDS ARE DANGEROUS
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR. List of Inventions end full Information sent free. The Ramsay Com-
r«„.
WRITE FOR A TRIAL BOX OF “Old English'* Composition Capsules. Brings quick relief. Mall ten cents for 35c box of 16 capsulée. Old English Herb Co., Toronto.
i
Mustek* **
Patent Attorneys.
How Can I?
Lightning in the streets of Ce-lendin, Peru, ripped the clothes off a woman, and left her speechless. The surprise of seeing the victim suddenly nude restored speech to a passer-by who had long been mute.
A man was once caught by hie Mrs.
To the maidservant giving some Krs.
On perceiving his plight, He suggested in fright; “What a most inconvenient mess thrs ”
Tfll
PHOTOGRAPHY
BY ANNE ASHLEY
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH Every roll film developed and 8 high glose prints 25c. Reprint* same price. 8 enlarged prints 25c. Brlghtlfng Studio. Toronto._
ELECTRIC MOTORS
Oft «
Q. How can I easily remove fruit stains from table linen?
ELECTRIC MOTORS AND MACHINery bought, sold, exchanged. Ford Machinery, 1C9 King East, Toronto.
ns
A. Just before laundering, pour some spirits of camphor over the stains, and they will disappear with ordinary washing.
Q. How can I mend the finger tip of a glove more easily?
A. Try slipping a thimble into the finger of the glove, and a neater job of mending will be the result.
PERSONAL
MARRY—WOULD YOU MARRY IF suited? Hundred! to choose from. Some with means. Many farmers* daughters and widows with property. Particulars 10c, confidential. Canadian Correspondence Club. Box 128, Calgary, Alta.
FARMS FOR SALE
“Well? how have you been treated?” Herr Bloom asked his friend, who had just been released from a concentration camp.
“Oh, I can’t complain. We had very good food, four meals a day, music on Sunday played by the 8.S. Guard, clean lodgings, good treatment ...”
“But, Fritz,” said Herr Bloom, *1 spoke to Ernst, who was in the same concentration camp, and he said he had a terrible time.”
GOOD ONTARIO FARMS FOR SALE. Terms at 4%. No farm sold without reasonable cash payment. Please state your requirements fully, also county or district preferred. Commissioner of Agricultural Loans, Parliament Bldgs., Toronto, Ont.
»
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY, inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimoniale. Guaranteed.	_
free. Bartlett's, Box 1. Winnipeg.


Advice
%»

Z
Q. How can I prevent the raw yolk of an egg from becoming
i
ms
GOOD 150-ACRE FARM. GOOD brick house, bl Apply Gideon field. Ont.
g bank barn, alio. Schneider, Moore-
WÆ

POULTRY AND EGGS
dry?
WANTED — LIVE AND DRESSED poultry, also feathers. Good prices. Write Stork, St. Patrick's Market, Toronto.
A. By covering the yolk with milk or water.
Q. How can I prevent tarnishing on the neck or arms from gold or silver costume jewelry?
A. This can be prevented by first coating the jewelry with colorless liquid nail polish.
Q. How can I clean the waffle
ijrioo.ooo
' ' HOUSEWIVES W
ENJOY 1
'bluecoal' HEATING COMFORT
FARM OR STORE WANTED
71
i
POULTRY FARM. TOWN OR VILlage store or stock and grain farm wanted In exchange tor modern Toronto house rented fifty dollars monthly and cash. Write Taplin A Co., 3333 Yonge St., Toronto.
WANTED — LIVE AND DRESSED poultry. Pay above market quotations. Write Export Packers. 404 College. Toronto.
“Yea, but he is in again.”
A very careful driver approached a railroad crossing. He stopped, looked and listen-very carefully. All he hoard was the car behind him hitting his gas tank.
Young Douglas had reached the age of seven, when he was promoted to the dignity of having a room to himself. His parente had furniahed it with great care and showed it to him with no little pride and satisfaction.

ROSE* FOR VOI R Ci WIDEN
FEEDS AND FERTILIZERS
NEW ROSES for your garden from England. Send for free catalogue, five hundred 'varieties. Merry-weather’s Famous Roses complete cultural directions. Write today. Canadian agent. Brush's Nurser-lf". Pox 140. Ridgevllle. Ont.
POTASH FERTILIZER (CANADIAN Hardwood Ashes). Write for Free Circular explaining use. George Stevens, Peterborough. Ontario.
iron?
Prove for yourself... as over 100,000Canadian housewives
that 'blue coal' gives the highest .. .	of heating value and satisfaction.
Order from your nearest ‘blue coal* dealer today. Ask him also about the ‘blue coal’
Heat Regulator which provides automatic heat with your present equipment
have already proved available standard
FOR SALE OR RENT
GUARANTEED RELIEF!
Try the active oxygen treatment for the relief of bleeding. Itching idles. In use nearly half a century. Use half the tube and if not satisfied' return tube direct to the Company and receive the full purchase price. If your druggist does not have BUCOZONB RjtCTAL OINTMENT enty-flve cents by money order and tube (with applicator) he mailed to you In plain wrap-Postpaid.
Eucosone Laboratories
(Canada) Limited WINDSOR ONTARIO
see
TOWN HOME. POULTRY, 2000 I.AY-ing capacity. Orchard 10 $*,#00.
H A ,
Scotia.
TRACTOR MAGNETO AND GENERATOR REPAIIt*
acres
or rent. Rare opportunity. Farquhar, Hortonvllle, Nova
SEND US YOUR TRACTOR MAGNEto and Generator Repairs We save you money.
Msnfr.. 1RS
Allanson Armature Pay St.. Toronto.
FURS
send Sev-
ern P rOUR FUR8 TO THE OLD established house. Over forty years In business. Lewis A. Jones, 111 Talbot 8L. fit. Thomas.
STOP THAT ITCH
will
blue coal ^
PRURITUS. ITCHING OF ANUS, rectum, etc. My treatment has proved successful.
Particulars. W. Lucas.
Ugh Ave. Vancouver R.C

Inexpensive. *25 Rene*
HAIR GOODS
• • f
WIOB, TOUPEE, TRANSFORMA-lions. Switches. Curie, and all types of finest quality Hslr Goods write for Illustrated catalogue. Confidential terme arranged. Toronto an Hair Supply Co, 628 Bathurst. Toronto

TURKEYS FOR SALE
THF MODERN FUEL FOR SOLID COMFORT
BURBON REDR FROM At STOCK. Hens $4.00, Toms $€.00. Mrs. RobL McIntosh, 8L. Marys, Ont. R. R. No. I.
Hum-
Teas #m “The Shadow” every Sal., 7 p m., CBL, Toronto, or
S.SS p.oL, CBO, Ottawa.
’39
leeue No. 7
•sir

¦
###PAGE###3###

* — •* .. *r <•*#•*»' a*. .	- «

Germany's Former Territories In the Pacific
Should you only need the whits of an egg, instead of breaking the shell as usual, make a hole with a large needle in one end and drain away the white through that. Then cover the hole with * tiny piece of gummed paper or close it by just smearing a little of the white over it, and the yolk will keep fresh until wanted.
ligious services in big Quebec basilica. The Ursullnes will start their procession from their convent In the heart of Old Quebec and the Augustlnlans from Hotel Dieu, which they administer.
Natives of this ancient city, many of the nuns will view scenes vastly transformed during their years behind convent walls, where no contact with the outside world Is permitted.
Sawfly Threat
Is Controlled
Sunday School Lesson
fic
JAPAN
WAOCNOW
AAtA'.I
v P*clQ
TO CHINA
There Is Hope of Saving Canada’s Spruce Forests From The Menace Of Its Destruction.
cean
. *


r

LESSON VIII
BEVERAGE ALCOHOL AND ITS SOCIAL PERILS
(A Social Aspect of the Liquor
Problem)
Amos 6:1-6; I Peter 2:11, 12;
4:1-6.
Golden Text.—It is good not to flesh, nor to drink wine, nor to do àçything whereby thy brother ‘stumblcth. Rom. 14:21. THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING m Tinfufc tween 811 and 784 B.C.
Amdd was a shepherd and fruit farmer of Tekoa, a small village six milps south of Bethlehem. Amos pas sent to denounce Israel's wickedness, and he went directly to Bethel, which was the chief q^ntcr of Israel’s idolatrous practices. He preached that God was a just and righteous God, who would punish the sins of every nation and individual in his good time, a fact that finds small recognition in modern statecraft and the avefàge life.
1.	Woe to them that are at ease in Zion. And to them that are secure Jn the mountain of Samaria, the‘notable men of the chief of the nations, to whom the house of Israel come!
2.	Pass ye unto Calneh, and see. And from thence go ye to Hamath the great. Then go down to Gath of the Philistines. Are they better than these kingdoms? or is their border greater than your border?
If cities until recently so flourishing, so far from being now “better or more prosperous than Israel and Judah, have been overtaken by disaster, let Israel take wa ning betimes, and not rely too implicitly that its present good fortune will continue to attend it.
SCAMAN New CUINI
A AS A*. #f l&* Sf Ml
MARIANC 4
x i$. 4 '
A reasonable hope now appears of saving the spruce forests from destruction bv the European spruce sawfly, the woodlands section of the Canadian Pulp and Paper Association was told at Its convention in Montreal last week.
Since It was first discovered In 1930 the Insect has damaged thousands of square miles of spruce forest In Eastern Canada each year.
Parasites to Combat It
“The only hope of a permanent check to the outbreak still seems to lie In the establishment of effective parasites," said R. E. Rlach of the Dominion Entomological Laboratory at Fredericton. Several parasites have shown ability to combat the sawfly but study must be made for several years before reliable Information Is gained of their ability, he said.
» “The situation Is much more encouraging than It was two years ago," said A. B. Baird of the Dominion parasite laboratory at Belleville, Ont., who told of parasitic work done In Canada, Britain, United States and Europe. “With the continued co-operation of all Interested parties there appears to be reasonable hope of saving the spruce forests from destruction by this Insect."

f* GUAM (US)
AA ARVtAl.l

1 This Curious World
# • • •
TO JAPAN
*» ’ •
z «
By William Ferguson

PCLfW IS

CAROLINE IS. .

». i
eat
Equate*




--^ NAURU
TO BRITAIN

A ACM
%
' ARE THE i PREDOMINANT >	ORDER,
f	OF* THE
INSECT WORLD/ THEIR PROSPERITY IS DUE LARGELY 7t THE PROTECTION 1 AFFORDED BY
L their. M///VO
NE


Amos prophesied be-
z $
* «of GUINE
>

ih
SAMOA Jr-jr
|AP«A <orOS#M|
TO NEW ZEALAND
1


•f

%

U5TRALIA
II ^

%


World-wide attention being focussed on Hitler’s demand for Germany’s “lost" colonies, we take a look at a map of the Pacific. Here pre-war Germany held German New Guinea, the Bismarck and Solomon Islands. West Samoa, Nauru and scattered islands of the Marshall, Caroline and Marianne groups. Of these Nauru was the most important. It contains a mine of high-grade phosphate which has been developed under mandate.

V's/r
'A
M


'4*
#0
0 0 0
1	5 WHICH ARE
TRANSRDRMATIONS OF WHAT WAS ONCE A FORWARD PAIR OF W/fSlCS.
'
Z
m
¦ï

s

w.
Great Wealth Of Copper, Iron Tin
Nations In 1937, based on an Index of 100 as of 1929, showing Canada’s comparative position In housing thus: South Africa, 279, Great Britain 157, Australia 88, New Zealand 84, United States 66, France 46, Canada 88.
“While South Africa was building 279 homes In 1937 to 100 In 1929, Canada in 1933 was building 38 homes to 100 In 1929," he continued. “There are unlimited possibilities for prosperity wrapped up In the construction of between 100,000 and 200,000 homes across Canada. Taking the average cost of a home at $4,000 and the minimum figure at 100,000 houses, we would have an expenditure to balance our economic necessities of $400,000,000," he said.






It To Be Found In The North West Territories — Province of Alberta Wishes to Extend Northward.


3
¦r~
DUCKWEED, —
SMALL PLANT WHICH MAKES

Iron, copper and some tin have been found In commercial quantities In the region of Great Bear Lake, Hon. W. A. Fallow, Alberta Minister of Public Works, announced last week at the Alberta Social Credit League annual convention.
Mr. Fallow made the announcement after a discussion of efforts by Premier Aberhart to have Alberta’s northern boundary extended northward to the Arctic ocean. Securing of the area and their minerals would bring Alberta everything necessary for establishment of metal industries, he said.
“Extension of Alberta’s boundaries to include these new sources of great wealth Is reasonable because the outlets from these mining areas He through Alberta—either by way of Athabaska route to Edmonton, or, eventually, by the Hay river route through Peace River and Grande Prairie.
OFTEN SEEN ON POOLS, SINKS TO THE BOTTOM IN AUTUMN, AND RjSES
AfR-
GETS BUT
Get First Sight Of Civilization In Fifty Years
TO THE SURFACE AGAIN
OP ITS
THE FOLLOWING SPRING
WARMTH
DfRECTiy frcm
THE SUM/
COWL tm Bv HU SERVICE WC
€

MOST OF IT COMES

Next Summer For the First Time In Half a Century Quebec Nuns Will See the Outside World.
FROM THE EARTH'S
SURFACE, WHICH IS WARMED BV THE SUN'S RAYS
Gossip. Will Be
Thrown Into Jail
i* M
6-2*
Fallen Greatness
3.	Ye that put far away the evil day. These people did *iot want to 'think of a time coming when their sins would De punished, though down deep in their tcarts they knew such a day must ultimately arrive, seat of violence to come near.
4.	That lie upon beds of ivory. Amos now proceeds to enumerate some of the vices which every one knew so tragically flourished in Israel, flourished even though she had the law in her hands and sacrificed daily to the God of holiness. And stretch themselves upon their couches. The custom of reclining at the table is first mentioned here. And cat the lambs out of the flock. This form of meat would no doubt be a special delicacy with the Israelites. And the calves out of the midst of the stall. The place where they were tied up to be fatted ; they were stall-fed. 5. That sing idle songs to the sound of the viol. That invent for themselves instruments ef music, like David.
6. That drink wine In bowls. And anoint themselves with the chief oils, i.e., oils of the best kind. As a rule, fresh olive oil was used for anointing the bodies.
But they are not grieved for the affliction of Joseph. They were net sick at heart, as noble and generous natures would have been at the misery that awaits their country. Put Amos into modern English, and he is denouncing the heartlessness of wealth, refinement, art, and culture, which has no car for the complaining of the poor,‘and no eyes to see either the sorrows or sins around it, or the lowering cloud that is ready to burse in tempest.
Reason for Abstinence
THE atmosphere is too transparent to catch much of the sun’s warmth. Most of the sun’s heat passes through to the earth’s surface. where it is reflected back to warm the air.
Bores will be eliminated from Papua, New Guinea, if the natives can carry out their plans. They want to do it legally if possible, but “natives are not infrequently done to death by a maddened listener because they talk too much,” declares the Lieutenant-Governor of Papua, in his annual report.
The village councillors at Abau have proposed a new law providing that “if two or more women are found gossiping together they shall be arrested and put in jail for two months." They said that the existing law against spreading lying reports was not enough because it punished after the “bad talk" had done damage, instead of before.
Cloistered, some of them, for half a century, nuns of the Roman Catholic Church’s Ursullne and Au-gustlnlan orders In Quebec City will see a new and altered world next August when they participate In tercentenary celebrations of North America’s oldest hospital — Hotel Dieu, Quebec.
Kept within convent confines by their own vows, the nuns will receive a special dispensation for the ancient Institution’s anniversary, to be observed from Aug. 27 to Sept.
Winter Sport
And cause the
20	Skating is a 	sport.
21	Those who lean.
23	Toward.
24	Skaters compete in the ------- games.
28	Battering machine.
29	Roof potih covering.
30	Prefix meaning not.
31	Coloring matter.
32	Skillet.
33	Form of “be/
35 War flyer.
38 Marked with spots.
42	Puddle.
43	Fustic tree.
44	To unclose.
45	Flour boxes.
46	Balsam.
47	Pitcher
50	Neither.
51	Musical note.
52	Sprite.
53	Forcible restraint of speech.
110 III 111 \
Answer to Previous Puzzle
HORIZONTAL
1 Devices used in a winter sport pictured here.
wmm
Home Scarcity Growing Acute
There’s a Housing Shortage In Canada of Between 100,000 to 200,000 Dwellings, Says Architect.
3.
6 They are
X
For Oldest Hospital's Anniversary In their first public appearance since they forsook the world, the sober-garbed sisters will form a procession and walk through Quebec’s narrow, winding streets to re-
araamonoa Baa asm DC raBHHB
iâBSARAH
runners fitted to shoes
13 Net weight of
a container.
R I
E
R
L
M
14 To call out.
16	Orient.
17	Meadow.
18	Common liquid.
19	Nothing.
20	Without gear
22 Combining form meaning solid.
25	Before.
26	Lion.
27	Amphitheater centers.
32 Wages.
34	Fowl.
35	Affirmative vote.
36	Branch.
37	High rank.
39 Fiber knots.
I
A
LK
I
A
C
O
SE
SU A
T
IOTA
With Canada at the bottom of the list In construction in comparison with six other countries and an acute housing shortage of between 100,000 and 200,000 homes existing, there are unlimited possibilities for a return to prosperity by accelerating construction, C. A. Fowler, prominent architect of Halifax, N.S., declared last week.
Referring to Canada's status In construction work In comparison with other countries, he cited figures prepared by the League of

AT
E
T
N
A
F
Are You Listening ?
VERTICAL
40	Eggs of fishes
41	Uppermost. .
46 Afternoon
meal.
48	Fold of thread.
49	Imbecile.
53	Dress.
54	Native metal. 6 Witticisms.
55	Pertaining to 7 To piece out sound.
56	Beer.
57	Farmers
1	Street.
2	Cabbage plant.
3	Region.
4	Drop of eye
By FREDDIE TEE
fluid
WHY DOES A CHICKEN—7
Six hundred variations of the old
chicken gag lurk In the extensive
repertoire of A! Bernard, one of
the few remaining minstrels, who Is heard with his merry men on the Columbia network every Friday afternoon, (WABC-CBS, 4:45 to 5:00 p.m., EST). Steeped In the traditions of his birthplace, New Orleans, Bernard has written more than 350 songs In the minstrel vein and
many original folk tunes from their sources. His outstanding success was the re-
—and was accepted for his first important role five years later.
5 Drains
FRANCHOT TONE
Franchot Tone, the popular movie and stage star who currently Is
appearing in the Broadway production, “The Gentle People", was a guest star of the Kate Smith Variety Hour over the Columbia network on Thursday, February 9 (WABC-CBS, 8.00 to 9.00 p.m., E.S. T.) With Sylvia Sydney and Ellas
________ Kazan who also
Franchot Tone are members of the cast of “The Gentle People" he did an excerpt from that play.
8	Concise.
9	Smocltk 10 Den.
58-----skating 11 Island
has been pop- 12 Court, ularized by 15 Flower Sonja Henie


- 5
r%

I Peter 4:2, 3. 2. That ye no longer should live the rest of your time in the flesh to the lusts of men, but to the will of God. The more continually we submit to the will of God, the less powerful will be the fascination of the things of the flesh.
3. For the time past may suffice to have wrought the desire of the Gentiles. He pleads here with the desire of the Gentiles. He pleads here with his readers to recognize the fact that they have wasted enough of their lives in fleshy indulgences. And to have walked in lasciviousness. Lusts, winebibbings. Bevellings, abominable idolatries.
. 4. Wherein they think it strange that ye run not with them into the same excess of riot, speaking evil of you. Every Christian who is really striving to live a godly life has experienced the laughter and ridicule and mockery of the ungodly world.
6. Who shall give account to him that is ready to Judge the living and the dead.



container



M
a* A

14

*
*4
*:
)
At
unearthed
i

b
Four reasons for abstaining from fleshly sins, I Peter 2:11, 12; 4:1.	11. Beloved, 1 beseech you
as sojourners and pilgrims. To abstain from fleshly lusts. Travellers in a strange land, yet more in the land of enemies, do not care commonly to adopt all its customs. They retain their nationality. The phrase “fleshly lusts" takes in all desires that originate in man's nature, as well as tko*o directly connected with the appetites of the body. Lust is appetite run wild. There is no harm in any natural appetite considered in itself. Which war against the soul. The soul here stands as the entire spiritual nature of man.
12. Having your behavior seemly among the Gentiles; that, wherein they speak against you as evil-doers. Even in the earliest days of the Christian church followers of Christ were often accused of the foulest crimes with great injustice and without a shred of evidence. They may be your goot. works, which they behold, glorify God in the day of visitation.
4 IS

cording of “St. Louie Blues" In 1919, with more than 20,000,000


And
M139
Al Berna
copies of the disc sold since his first rendition.
NEW MOTOROLA Rogers Majestic are announcing an assortment of six new Motorola auto radio models, at sensational low prices for 1939. Four of these models are automatic push-button tuning and a special “Boost-o-mat-lc” Aerial which boosts reception IS times stronger In dead points. These will be on display shortly at all Majestic, DeForest Crosley and Rogers dealers.
rr
¦ e
IF AT FIRST
If you cherish the Job of being a radio actor, don’t let the first setback throw you. Karl Swenson, who plays the title role in the popular Lorenzo Jones series on NBC, gave his first radio audition in 1929

REG’LAR FELLERS—The Proper Thing
By GENE BYRNES
1
r
I Uu s'FOUND'THIS' BOAT.'IN olEARYS ASHCAN AN*! NEED,
Z;
/
- 1
, OH. MOM.'.______ ..
PINHEADS ÇOTTA HAVE T) (7
~ 'liven dollars ^ vv
RIGHT AWAY/ A
DRINK TH/S, MOM.1 YOULL FEEL BETTER k IN A MINUTE/'
WILL YOU KINDLY, INFORM ME WHAlV! ; YOU NEED x
ELEVEN DOLLARS
,	‘ FOR?'
% -	*	4 I
i
f.
— |
•J
A BOTTLE OF,
CHAMPAGNE^
TO CHRISTEN IT/

«
6
?
A
A
• 0

>v
I Peter 4:1. Forasmuch then as Christ suffered in the flesh, arm ye yourselves also with the same mind; for he that hath suffered in the flesh hath ceased from sin. Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his rightousness. That was the mind of the Master. He sought Ms gratifications in th< eternal.
The flesh may have its desires; *nt the cleansed heart will refuse ## field to them,
e

)
t
1
V6
JL
' I
Mil

â 4
i '
V

t
\
\

(
#
i
r
\
i



v%
mm
\

;


\
###PAGE###4###
Sr
¦
FJ
Feed for Poultry
McDowell and Hilliard Besttie.	n 4
The minutes of last mewing were	*e
read and approved on motion of Ira rr°viot>w __	| The nutrients in eggs are present in
nger for this Company for the com- N. u . *, .	was r$n -i* i*a , profitable practiiv fallowed on most
SSkens	isiESs
124210,333. In thfjatter the amount given the provinces amounted to $28 654200. 5 :
THE EQUITY
m

SHAWVILLE, FEB. 23, 1939

or. grain
the least
Automobile Revenue Up
Quebec’» revenue from automobile taxation last year increased by $<>00, 000 over 1937, Provincial Treasurer Fisher stated at Quebec on Thursday.
t

Here is value In Poultry Feeds
<
Seed Loan Policy
Agriculture Minister Gardiner told Jgfluuse of Commons on Tuesday night that while the Government was
not making any statement policy at.	,,	. .
this time he was confident no Western *•«> ?& >M' y^r.-Uarrud.
Motion—Ira Hanna to adj mrn —
Carried,
the
Canada farmer would lack the necessary seed to plant acreage equal to that seeded last year.
Provision of seed had been a problem in most of the provinces at intervals since 1914, Mr. Gardiner said. Last year there had been requests from nearly all provinces for assistance in providing seed
îccut Guides Lives of
Creatures of the Wild*
The power of scent plays a vi-U part in the lives of all creatures f the wild. Through it they receive dvance notice, by way of the air jrrents, of the presence of ene-Ves, are able to recognize their nd and find mates. In fact, al-•ost every moment of their exist-nce is influenced by th| sense of •nell, and the distance over which ey are able to pick tip a scent is uiy astonishing. Thus to the weak
H. E. Elliott,
Secretary
Hades’ Eggslent Laying Mash $2.10 per cwt
Scratch Feed 1.60 Pioneer Poultry Concentrate 3,26 Oyster Shells
Famous Steamer, Robert
E. Lee, Ruined in Race
Although the	E. Lee was
The founder of Arbor day was J. he most famous boat on the Mis Sterling Morton, a Nebraska poli-	dssippi river, her race with the Nat-
tician and secretary and acting gov-	rhea June 31 to July 4, 1870, un-
ernor of the territory in 1858. In	jilted her for much future service.
January, 1872, at a meeting of the	| The driving trip against the speed
Nebraska state board of agriculture,	»f the Natchez did not injure her
Quebec, Feb. 19—Further	Assurance!	he introduced a resolution setting	|Machinery, but she was so badly
that the Government proposed to launch	aside April 10 for tree planting,	thaken up she had to be placed on
a substantial public works	program I	and on that date more than 1,000.000	he marine ways at Mounds, 111., for	|,r fraternity the air often carries
which	would	be	revealed	when	the! trees	were planted throughout	the	» general overhauling before she	»rrorizin" news while to the strong
supplementary	estimates	were	brought! state.	In 1835 the Nebraska legisla-	hould re-enter her run from New	, wafts a gratifying message of a
down in the House of	Commons, waslture passed	an act changing	the	Cleans to Vicksburg.	real	in prospect according to Mack
given here last night by Justice Minister! tree-planting date to April 22, Mor- The Natchez returned to New Or- jg stielau secretary Detroit Izaak Lapointe : “New plans which will be! ton’s birthday, and making it a legal *ans from St. Louis and, although JvValton league in the Detroit News, submitted to the House, have been I	holiday. Three years after the	die had been beaten, she served	I _
worked out, outlining further	co opéra-1	founding of Arbor day in Nebraska,	shippers in the lower river trade sev-	1 ine vtry > oun8 of most sPec,es
tion with provincial and municipal I Kentucky and Tennessee adopted irai years before dismantled.	-J not emit a scent, but whether
authorities for the carrying out of an | the idea. Ohio and North Dakota Old government records in the of- j:h s4s.due l,° immatunly* or a wise
followed in 1882 Arbor day is an	ice,	of the United States steam-
event in the calendar of every one	host	inspectors1 office at Memphis	4hL^v^*
of the states, but there is no uni-	hhow	the Leegsank opposite Nat	U	k.i.d.cd	of	the	wild,	however,
formity of that date. In some states	hez,	Miss., December 3L 1870, just	TM.nctlXeIy	recoS™ze	the scent of
it is a	fixed one. while in others	the	Mix months after winning her race,	jfVr natural enemies, and either
W|	$	- day is	set by proclamation of	the	vrites Joe Curtis in Memphis Com-	, e °.T. hasten J® ®et as far -®way
Construction of the	new Canadian	governor or	by	county school	su-	nerciel Appeal	;,)rn	11 as P°sslb,e- Even while	at
National Railways line from Senneterre perintendents	It was a cold stormv mornlna :=>. time is taken out by the young
to Rouyn, Que , cost §35,141,352 to the |	| vhen y,, Lee collided^ with the *’> sniff the air for alien odors. This
end of 1938, according	to a statement	—	-	deamer Potomac and	injured	her	?arne	‘f8'1 ^aX also be observed	by
tabled in the House	of Commons by	Henry Clay	W	• Known a»	;0 badly she was beached	on	a	'orne	domestic animals.
Transport Minister Howe, on Tuesday	the «Great Pacificator" I«andbar by her pilot and there she
of last week	• • .	«r u •	. ~ ..	„ hank in nine feet of water. So far
Lost of The 99 mile line was original-1 With Webster and Calhoun, Henry JS known this was the onlv accident ly estimated at $5,940,000 on a basis of Clay formed the great triumvirate | 0 the flrgt Robert E Lee $60,000 a mile. During 1938 $1,946,-1 of what has been called the golden 608 was spent on the work. An ad- age of American oratory. His gift ditional expenditure of $200,000 dur- for public speaking and debate, ing 1939 is expected.	combined with his personal magnet-
The work yet to he done includes ]-sm, helped to make him more pop-
it
it
it it
History of Arbor Day
grain
If If
Works Program is
1.00
urn
ip
THE SHAWVILLE MILUNC GO., REO'D.
/ z
HODGINS
GARAGE
elaborate works program.”
X
CNR Senneteire-Ronyn Lins Cost $5,141,352
Chevrolet, Buick, Oldemobile,
Sales ~ Service
In the insect world, smell also plays an important part and we rnd that the sentinel bees are able o detect and keep “foreign” kin
She was raised a few days later r[omL enuring the hive. It guides tnd sent to the ways. After being h^e butterfly and the moth to the epaired she resumed her regular ema e' nnd *it is said that in the *uns and remained in service until '’urs,ult ^ey are at)le to discover
terre» g *	i~«bi ng hi. uhtto..	.u. t. **. .««.w.
tnea at valuvr.	1 Though born in Virginia, on April >urg, where it became a wharf- losl on which to satisfy their un-
12, 1777, Clay moved to Kentucky | )0at.	Iiuenchable thirst for blood,
when he was twenty-one, and his joint of view during his political areer was that of the West. An ggs# I *ctive supporter of protection of
At a meeting of directors of the Fish -ome manufactures, writes Leslie and Game Protective Association of hartley in the Washington Star, his Hull, Gatineau, Pontiac and Pfcpmeau, ,ame is inseparably linked with held on Saturday afternoon at cbe* *'hat he made known as the "Amer-Henii Hotel, Hull, the organization I can system.”
pledged support and co operation to the I Clay entered public life early, was recently organized Regional Tourist I secretary of state under Adams and Bureau Co-operation with the new I ierved for many years in congress, tourist unit, however, is contingent on I dis long service as speaker of the the Regional Bureau being conducted I louse is a conspicuous part in his along business lines, and having equal ‘areer; he was the first to develop r *presentation on its directorate from | he possibilities of that position.
Pontiac, Gatineau and Hull counties, On the question of slavery Clay appointed by County Councils.	look the middle ground, pleasing
James l. McLuaig presided at the neither side. While he regarded meeting and outlined the service per slavery as grievously wrong in prin-forraed for tourists by the Laureotian 3jp]e, he disliked and distrusted the bportsmen s Tourist Bureau, conducted ibolitionists and their propaganda, by the F!sh and Game Protective Assn. hiis position between the two ex The directors discussed the new pro I :remes, however, enabled him to posed road from Sheeoboro m Pontiac | .)lay a part as mediator and he be-to the foot of Lake Temiskaiumg. ex	ÈggÊàgHgÊgg
pressing divergent views on the practicability of the project.
Taking part in the discussion were Edward Wallingford, of Perkins Mills, one of the senior directors of the As-
PREVENT DAMAGE
Pontiac —Temiskaming Road Discussed by Directors of
Prevent damage to your Oar by having us fill your radiator with x
EVEREADY PRESTONE It is the most reliable.
Enjoy comfortable Winter driving by installing Hot Water Heater and Defroster.
Drop in and ask for information.
Our stock of Heaters, Defrosters, Batteries and Anti freeze is complete.
Kuvasz Hunting Dog Was
Product of Transylvania
How Frogs, Toads Produce Sonna
-I 11 fl	I _	. , Dickerson’s “The Frog Book”
The Kuvasz dog was originated mentions that all members of the sometime in the Fifteenth centurys (North American galientia (frogs and >y the nobility of Transylvania and^ toads) can produce sound, caused vas used for hunting in the moun-- by air passing over vocal cords in ains of that country. For the last the larynx of the throat. The loud ew centuries the breed has been croaking given during the breeding ised extensively in Hungary as a season is produced usually by the ;hepherd and is often referred to as males only of a given species The he “Hungarian Sheepdog,” accord- air enters at the nostrils (the mouth ng to George Berner in the Wash- is kept closed) and passes back and
nf *on	,	forth from mouth to lungs over the
In disposition, they are very vocal cords. The sounds can be riendly, will never pick a fight with produced under water, and often n.in or animal but when aroused or are in the case of our common bull-when they are guarding the flock frogs, hey can be vicious and well able :o give la good account of them-leivesJH
Wildlife Fears Scent of Man g
Of all the scents, that of men is I he most feared by wildlife, much i nore so than the sight of him. ao E wording to a writer in the Detroit 6 'Jews. And the reason for this is E if course, that throughout the ajes c ill animals have been pursued by $ nan and his smell, therefore, instantly brings to the surface the imeless dread of their greatest c:
‘my. A deer, for instance, wii •t'ten gaze upon a man in sheer •uriosity, but will instantly flee ipon getting wind of him. Since
e beginning of time nature has howered her greatest gifts into ¦ie lap of man, but on the whole hr as shown only basef ingratitude.
,d heedlessly continues to destroy ind dangerously deplete her mag nficent creations. In the open all enses must be mighty keen, and > nature in her great wisdom has m.dowed her charges with faculties hat will give them at least a fight-rig chance in a life that is always tard/' I. m "-:'IS##5K09EI
The
‘Armed Guard.” The breed is uniform in type and general appearance. They are either white or ivory
vavy and the tail is ;ven when the dog is excited. When frown they are about 27 inches at •he shoulder and weigh about 100 sounds.
word
means
J. L. HODtilNS
)
came known as the “great pacificator.”
Though he sought the presidency his country many times, Clay is remembered not so much for his
nation ; E C. Lawn, M L A., hr or his important services in con-
frss^vüsss -*1 *• c*"“' —•	ss SMiasKar
)r his master's property.
The coat is long
carried
and
low,
Phone 64 J.

ZlZiZIZiZiZtZ'ZlZVLZiZiytZIZVIZ zfzlzkziziz'z!
ESTABLISHED 1883
Mr. McCuaig outlined some of the activities of the Fish and Game Association during the past year.
INVALID
COACH
Word Eisteddfod Means
•«Sitting” or •‘Session”
__________________________________H Barth $**###*4
The eisteddfod, an annual Welsh j The United States coast and geonational festival, is accompanied by ietic survey says that the absence competitions in the musical arts >f rotation and revolution of the January 30th, 1939 I most associated with the history of iarth would so change the whole The final meeting of the Directors of the Welsh people.	system of tides, currents, rivers and,
the Pontiac Rural Telephone (Jo, Ltd., ^he Welsh word means literally n fact* the general configuration of *“ held at 10.Vclock. a. in.	-sitting” or “session,” notes a writ- ha earth s surface, that conditions
Present:	Tbos. Bides, president; Lr in the Cleveland Plain Dealer. *°uld ,be unimaginably different.
IL J lracy, vice president, and directors [t wa, applied of old to Welsh as- Xs t0 the Possibility oi the sudden
TMatiWu \ ‘'[cDowel|| lemblies of bards, whose meetings cessation of revolution, the late CaT % Elliott 8 w. MicKechme and ,raditionally g0 back t0 the Fifth	Flammarion, the noted
A M „B,r°Ugï' . .	.•	, md Sixth centuries. The eisteddfods French astronomer, said : “Were thl-
Minutes ot last meeting were read )f deftnite record, however, begin -arth suddenly stopped m its and adopted on motion of R. J. Tracy	later than that. The earliest -ourse, the shock would be trans-
Kïtt,-h ='«atrtstsx	"
J'rOUgh . *c,d, R In that century the eisteddfod ap- arlh would be . instantaneously TnTrr^b, - h Fln,ant'*1	N^rs also to have beerra regularly um'ROUS a*?d bu,rnm2- aRd an lm‘
«i5ïïî4tttr B. J. Turner W	«“ *> '=M	k
Moreland Hodgias	During the next century the cue-
Six shares from Mrs. Sarah Emily om seems to have lapsed entirely Wilson to Rex ford Wilson.-Carried )ut W1S revived in the Nineteenth Dr. McDowell to adjourn.	-entury, and restored to iti impor-
a nee to Welsh life. The eisteddfod s held every year, in North and South Wales alternately.	I
Pontiac Rural Telephone
Company
ŒB0R1B HYNES & SON
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
Phone 80
V/hite Woman of the Genesee
Mary Jemison (1743-1843) was •aptured by Indians from her we?t-
>rn Pennsylvania home when she | Major Emergency •vas fifteen years old and lived with mWÈBÊÊÊÈÊÊËÊÊIÊÊtlKÊÊÊB them the rest of F her life She I The Canadian Red Cross Society parried first a young Delaware advisory emergency committee has com warrior, and. after his death, an old Ipleted plans for a nation-wide organisa hief, Hi ok a loo	After the Ameri- » tion to
an Revolution she was given a arge tract of land on the Genesee, he leased much of it to white setters and became noted for her kindness and philanthropy.
Red Croce !• Ready for
South Onslow Council
Quyon, Que., Feb. 17, 1939
A special meeting of the Municipal Council of South Onslow held on shove provide relief and aid fif fte date at the usual place of meeti f any major disaster. Plans to- members having received due not
Meetingfor discussion of Government money to be spent on a 40—60 basis. Members present : A Kennedy. Mayor, and Council! Eraser, Young, Smiley and Muldoon. t
Top el Kb merged Range I Frozen Vegetables	That this Conucil tak	of the
Like the other smaller islands of I	offer of the Provincial G<>v
he West Indies, Jamaica is e j The pack of frozen vegetables in *P**d $1500 00 on enow fence to be ery top of a submerged range of I Canada in^l938 increased to 690,000 erected on the *ities of Highway, No. 8* Mountains, which r out of the pounds from 116,000 pounds in 37 according to instruc i of Govern <ea as the last vestiges of a remote the principal increase being in peas and ,ncot Engineer and to be paid for 60% ¦The contour of the land was corn on cob. New factories were onen by Governme	y Count
tuile	aptly described nearly 400	ed in British Columbia and in	Ontario,	Carried.	|
.ears	ago by its discoverer, Coium-	and efforts will be made daring	1939 to	^	0n	motion of Cr, Smiley the meeting
>us. who. in telling his queen, Isa- establish freezing units in retail stores adjourned. ella.	about it. < npled a p * of	1 At the present time, the bulk	of this
aper	in his hand to make an^jw-	| product is sold to the hotel and	restaur
All
event o
eluded provision for shelter, food, clothing, medical care, assistance in maintaining public order, policing, clearing debris, sanitation, reconstruction and rehabilitation- #	W
Colorful Sicily
Sicily is a land of color, of flow-rs Greek^ruins. old monasteries nd bells. The flower vendors carry heir blooms in one huge bouquet n a long pole high above the crowd v number of them together make; he street quite a festival. But th< t eut est color comes from th Nitnlcd carts, usually drawn by ,<>ny or d	ery inch
is covered	hades a
ure u earned n truth Sicilian traffic Is 6 gay . .rilkant pageant, with no twu r*

February 18tb, 1939
The Director* of Pontiac Rural Tele phone Co., Ltd., met in the Telephone 0#ce this afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Present were : Them. Fades, president, I »he **me name are also held chiefly and director*, A. Sly, Ira Hanna, Robt among people of Welsh origin or
j|	ne, Dr. S. E. lacent, in the United States and
T some of the British dominions.

Music competitions of a similar mature as the eisteddfod and under
Jo*. A Stirlk Sec Tress
Shi jfpard, Roy Macfarla
e
ant trade








###PAGE###5###

mi
e
xi
>' : '

.




Service Announcement
PRINTING

Su a w v jm.k United Church
B A., 00^': #$0#
Sunday, February 26
11 00 t* , Servi
1.30	pro., Service at Zion J
3 Co p m., Servit » Ark'a.Uuiher».
“À Word M Dangerous as Dynamite”
7.30	p.m, Service at Shawville 11 Beggars can't be cli
« :
Hxv. A. F. F



i 8
m
A
Successor to G. F Hedging Go. Limited
Aurwhere in t'«unfU 81 60 To United Btntes..
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
¦ 200
N|ID WINTER
SPECIALS
' •••
B BIST# L UhiTKIi ( HUB* H
C ABMfiTRONo SAÎ.fcM, B. D.
day, February 29
Sr. Andrew'* Service *?* 10.30 u Sunday School 11.30 vemc2 at	8.30
Service at	7.30
full
All
H
w. O COWAN, PUBLISHER
Austin Knox
“ Y eaauring the l hurch ”
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices, Statements,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
•Clarendon Pastoral Charge Btv R. G. Niwman, M.A.,B.D
Sunday, February 19
l ICO a. m —feet vice at Wesley 2.30 p. m.—Service at Bristol 7.00 p. ro.—Service at Yarm
X
«É
Mens Heavy Pullover Sweaters, Only a few left $1.69

Sales & Service
MAIN STRUT
SHAW VILLE, QUE
• Shell Sealed Gae
and Oils
! »

Boys Heavy Pullover Sweaters............
H
ANGLICAN
Sunday, February 16
St. Paul’s

9
79 cte

10.00	a. m.—Sunday School Morning Service withdrawn
7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer |Holy Trinity
11.00	a m.—Holy Communion
St. Luke’s fc’ervicei, Wit hdrawn
Boy» All-wool Sweater», Blue, Red and Wine. Odd size» 69 et»
0
y

s

General Repairs The e»me
Wilson’s Garage
Phone 40
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
Reliable Service IB Men» Heavy Overalls, Lighthouse
Brand
S'r
Parish of North Clarr>ddn
Mr. A. C. Lawrence, Lay Reader
Sunday, February 26	, ÿ
10.30 a.m, Service Thorne Centre 2.30 p.m., Service at Charteris
$1.49, $1.59 and $L69
Mens 100 per cent, unshrinkable Shirts
and Drawers. Odd sizes. Special at 79 cts
Mens 100 per cent, unshrinkable Combinations. Odd sizes. Now at
Look Sere
Beattie’s Eye Service
Special Services
Rev. W. R Hamilton, district repre-aeotative for the National Institute for the Blind, will be at Sbawville Wesleyan Methodist Church, for three services on Sunday, February 26, 10.30 a. m. 2 30 and 7.30 p. m. Special local singing. All welcome.
For Stir. Wants, Found
Lost otc'.
$1.69
o
Thirty.five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
Odd sizes
Mens Leather Gaps 89c Boys Leather Gaps 69c Mens Navy Ski Gaps 76o Boys “
Revival Services
Special revival services will be conducted in the Standard Church, Shaw-ville, during the month of March. The Clark sisters, Saskatchewan, now working in Rosebush, Mich., will be present throughout the month to assist the Pastor. The public cordially invited to attend.
FOR SALE-A ooupkot
/•phone 18-7. ¦"
79 o
of clover hay. Hodoiks, 8 haw Hie
Sbawvllie.
0»)
Scienti€\ Eye Examinations
Specialists on all Visual and Musciiar
Eye Defects
AMBITIOUS MEN : We wish to ooa-you for steady employment, good pay
EBrsxlEEs
Your success makes ours, so we help you.
8? s-tK.'sausr sysfc
KAMI LEX CO. 870 8t. Clement. Montreal, Que.
tact
59c
<<
44
/
About the Swastika
The swastika, oldest of all Aryan symbols, is definitely pre-Christian and many specimens of it have been found in the diggings of old Troy. From its rough likeness to a wheel it is associated by some with the solar motion and early worship of the sun, through the most important of its attributes, in ancient usage, is its character as a charm, I a sign of benediction, of long life and good luck. It is the sacred symbol of one Buddhist sect, and from time immemorial has been known to all peoples of Asia. The fact that it was not unknown to the American Indian is held to point to early communication between the hemispheres. The word, swastika, says the Detroit News, derives from the Sanskrit "su" meaning well, and “asti" which means being. On the bust of Apollo in Vienna’s famed museum of historical art is a large and unmistakable swastika, which bears out the supposed solar significance, and identifies that god, perhaps, as the first of the Austrian Nazis.
T.T. BEATTIE,
Professional Optometrist
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS,
Professional Optometrist.
Boot and Shoe Department
Odd Lines of Women’s Oxfords, Strap and Pumps, extra value at...........
Cheese In Export Trade
$1.49
A cordial invitation is extended to all to visit this entirely new Department in our basement ;
Export* <if cheese from the chief porting countries of the world, reckoned by value, account for only a very small proportion of total exports from these countries ; in New % aland, where the proportion is highest, it amounted to little more than 8 per cent, in 1937. The proportion has declined in recent years in New Zealand, Switzerland, the
Netherlands and Italy, MWÊENNNE *d fairly constant in Canada, where however, it amount* to only one per cent, of the total Canadiifn export*.
ex
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Seasonable Grocery Items
25 ots
Choice Quality Tomatoes, 8 large tins........
Oldtime Lassies Syrup, per pound..........
Sliced Pineapple, per tin Elephant Laundry Soap, doe 5 bars.....
Hand Picked White Beans, 7 pounds ...
Oranges, now at beat, good size, per dozen, only.. IS
Prunes, 25 pound box, ............$1 W &od
Good assortment of Fresh and Utirred Fish for Lent
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
but bas remam-
9 "
. 10 1
• » *
• e •
ot chafe bauds
19 "
• •*•**•
• •
see
25 "
• • t
• ••es
Beef Cattle Trend
Number» of cattle on Citron in Canada at June lt 1939, are expected to «how a further i eduction from those of 19..H, The present eaftie production cycle reached its peak in 1936. Net catt'e marketings in 1938 were materially below those of 1937 and 1936 Further declines may be expected during 1939 and 1940. The number» m cattle on farms m Canada at June 1st, 1938. (8,511,900) wcN eatiinited fewer than at the ipoodlng date of the previous year
Phone, 278
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS
284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont. x
Search by Smell
Some authorities assert that reptiles employ the sense of smell to locate their kind, especially at the approach of the hibernating season. Observations or. newts and allied creatures have shown that they nose about in a manner which strongly indicates search by smell. Perhaps the greatest trackers among the smaller animals are members of the cat and weasel families. A mink can follow the trail of a rabbit even after it is an hour old and will tenaciously stick to it until the prey is finally run down.
MacLeans
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co., Limited
RED & WHITE STORE
a
“The Owner. Serves—The Buyer Saves
• I
Jergens Lotions
Smooths and Penetrates
23 cts.
Per Bottle
2 for 46 cts
CARD or THANKS
FISH
Mrs. John Palmer and son desiie to express to friend» *#d neighbour», their appreciation for the many acts of kindness and sympathy received during their recent bereavement in the death of their husband and father ; also to the mini»-r, Re G Newman, choir and duet for their helpful services.
Roy* G. Fraser
Alchemy a Mystery
The alchemists or chemists of the Middle ages were obsessed with the problems of the transmutation of metals, the search for the elixir of life and the universal solvent. It is hard to find their records of discoveries, if any, for theirs was a secret art and they left few written records; what they did leave in writing is in language so mysterious as to be almost impossible of interpretation to us.
Flower», Gifts, Novelties
Halibut, choice, . . per lb. 22c jjj Smelts,
Salmon, choice,
Tulibee,
Haddock, .
Fresh Cod Fish, steak “
Salt Cod Fish, blocks “
Fresh Herrings,
Salt Herrings, per dozen 35c
three dozen $1.00
RENFREW, ONT.
Phone 160
“ 20c
a
Bex 886
' 15c ‘ 12c
<<
u
Tenders Wanted
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’» our business. We in vite your patronage orders of $1.00 or over, phone a» collect $5.00 or over, phone as collect and we shall prepay. S


10c
u
I
Tenders will be received by the und# signed Sec-Tress, for the Municipality of Bristol until March -jM, for the following quantities of g"<>d sound cedar squares and plank t be delivered at the Town Hall, by May 1st, *039:-
of 6x6 ci r squares of 8x8 cedar squares of 4 inch cedar plank
Squares to be from 8 to 16 feet in length. Lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.
On
10c
<
Made in Canada
On orders of
Butter Consumption
Consumption of butter in Empire countries is higher per head of popula lion than in foreign countries, states the ln»|erial E mit	It
amounted in 1937 to 40.7 pound» in New Zealand : 34.8 pounds in Austra lia ; ?2.7 pounds ir. Canada, and 84.8 undo in Canada, and 24 6 pounds in «he United Kingdom, compared with 19.6 pounds in Germ my ; 17.9 pounds in the United States.
! 15c ' 10c

6.000	feet
5.000	feet
4.000	feet
Il
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mrs. M. G. Howard


Main and Centre Sis •HAWV1LLE, - QUE.
ii
h
ii

and 11 p. m.
M
H. I VIITH,
Secret a r	eiâtv
MaryUnd, Que.
»
;
-
i


	
###PAGE###6###
Orange Pekoe Blend
car, his old one laid up. What was It Tom had said: the car Involved lu that Saturday crash would have
of a dozen telltale signs
ant where Tom took her during the lunch hour she wondered again how he could be so driving, so unswerving, so unalterable when	any one
prosecuting those people in court,	.	o( the	crash,
and then change to this consider- j Larry's voice was terse and calm ate, smiling, sometimes even naive	!	as he	spoke.	Well,	how	were
young man who sat across from her	things	today!	Busy	1	suppose.
Many drunk drivers?”
Somehow she managed to answer coherently. Larry continued with small talk. "Get the ticket fixed
tor the kids?”
•'Yes, It wasn't difficult. One of
the sergeants helped me."
« Guess the boys on the know can fix just about anything, can't they? Vvo heard they can change a negligent homicide to leaving the scene of an accident If they work it right. The first carries a stiff penalty,
doesn't It?”
Her voice was empty. "Yes—we had one a month ago.ggU failed to report a crash In which another man was killed. The maximum Is five years, I think.”
"More fixing goes on than the public knows about. You can bet on that,” ho said. "These judges and
be Influenced by
# SERIAL STORY
k

COPYRIGHT. I»SS NEA SERVICE. INC.
HIT-RUN LOVE
I
A
BY MARGUERITE GAHAGAN
i
\
now.
"A nice quiet morning" he said while studying the menu. "I used to think headquarters was a mad house, but this place has them all beaten. We handled enough cases this morning for an ordinary week. Well, anyway, I've had one break so far.”
Breaking off a bit of roll she glanced lit him quest lonlngly. “Sure," he said his face lighting. "You finally broke down and came to lunch. I didn’t see the young man you were with at the dance or I might not have had the courage to ask you to come here. But as it u we re here and for a little while we
can forgot traffic.”
"Yes,” she said, "only %ou know I like my work. I really even like to talk about It. I guess sometimes I bore my friends with It."
"I know how you feel. We see a slice of life hero every day. There’s a suspense, a tenseness In the drama of a court. We’re sort of behind the scenes and It gets you eventually.”
"Drama—yes, that’s It,” she repealed. "For Instance that horrible accident Saturday. What will happen to the driver If he’s caughtr
"They'll Catch Him”
"When he’s caught, you mean,” Tom corrected with a tightening of his Jaw. "Oh, he’ll slip up before long. The police will get a break and they’ll find him. I say 'him* although it may be a woman. Still when the driver is caught he'll have a tough time explaining because the story has been so widely publicised. No person who can read can have remained ignorant of the woman's death, the place where the accident occurred, the time, and the fact that a witness said it was a blue coupe. A crash that would kill a human being would be severe enough to damage a car; twist a headlight, bend a bumper, scrape a fender, oh, do any one of a dox-en things that tell the story. Furthermore, a driver would have felt the impact, would have had to fight the wheel of a car to keep It from swerving after such a crash.
"When he’s brought in he won’t have to answer just the ordinary questions put to a driver unfortunate enough to be involved In a death crash. Iie’11 have to explain why he ignored the common rules of decency and left the scene instead of offering aid. Unless this driver has a miraculous alibi he'll have a tough time. The papers are working up a climax. The court will have to go to town on the case. We’ll be forced to. The defense lawyer in this case will have a tough assignment to get his client off even with a jury trial.”
they goaded him Into doing 45 so they could see if his car would be a good buy. Now they feel responsible and have passed it off to me.”
The big officer grinned and winked. "Sure it’s done every day, and It's not complicated.” It was that simple, but she wished she hadn't had to do it.
Cast of Characters:
Patricia McGraw-—heroine. She faced a choice between the law and
f
love.
Larry Kent—hero. He faced an even greater decision.
Tom Sweeney — prosecutor. He •waited the processes of the law.
Last week: Pat noticed a broken fender on Larry’s car. He urge* her to "fix" a traffic ticket for her
Just how much
!•
Children Coming
To See The King
Tightening Up
The paper campaign over the Saturday hit-run case had resulted In more stringent tightening of traffic regulations during the weekend. Desk Officer Timothy O'Shea had a thick sheaf of orange cards for drunken and reckless driving, leaving the scene of accidents, and a couple of arraignments on negligent homicide and involuntary manslaughter.
Judge Kelly was In no mood to quibble that morning. He saw through alibis before Tom had a chance to break them down by his own questioning, terms were meted out in 20-day periods.
Tom took his cue from When a defense attorney attempted to argue on the ground that his client had not bothered to stop after hitting a parked car when he believed the damage was negligible, Tom struck out like lightning.
"The law says to stop, and It is not up to you to decide on the seriousness of an act. We'll do that here. Decent sportsmanship should rule that a driver stop to give hie name to the owner of the hit car. Common courtesy will stop many of these traffic offenses. How did your client know he hadn't killed or injured someone? The driver of the oar that killed that woman Saturday was fundamentally like your client: in too great a hurry to stop and see what he had done. A coward. a criminal—”
She saw reporters scribbling down notes. The words would make good copy, she supposed, even then feeling a little shiver of possessive pride going through her as turned looking at Tom leaning forward as he spoke—all prosecutor, law enforcement agent.
Across the red and white checked table down In the little restaur-
jeiYOHÊ
brothers to
«pull” she has in court.
see
Tens of Thousands Will Vieil Toronto From Other Centres For Royal Stop-off.
The man
CHAPTER VI
The evening dragged after Larry left. Being together Sunday nights had become an established custom these last few months. And yet Pat had to admit to herself that she was relieved when he was gone. The narrowing of his eyes, •light Inflection of his voice as he had mentioned his interest in Pat's ability to tlx the boys' ticket troubled her.
The Secrets Ü
1
Good Looks Ü
will be besetged by
Toronto
thousands upon thousands of children on the occasion of the visit of Majesties the King and

4
Their
Hon. Harry Nixon, acting premier, eays that the two demonstrations being arranged for children at Rlverdale and Exhibition rirki not for the children of To-

prosecutors can the right powers.”
« Vm not so sure,” she said slowly. ‘Tve met men who couldn't be bought, and couldn’t be pulled oft by big chots, either.”
•‘You're still on innocent child at heart, darling.” he said, same boys could probably be swung around Just by a pretty pair >! eyes like yours.”
(CONTINUED NEXT ISSUE)
the

nw.
Straight Jail
WHY CROW OLD-LOOKING?
The dread of "looking old” is a very real one to women, as my readers probably know from personal experience. And the desire to look youthful is equally vivid. Fortunately, there is not one of us but can take years off our appcar-by devoting a little more to certain vital factors. Here points to study in relation to your own appearance.
Lines around the mouth often come from distorted facial habits. Avoid pouting. Apply a touch of rich tissue cream daily. And try this treatment— often. Close lips, fill your mouth with air and blow hard. A simple but remarkably effective method to keep mouth lines at bay.
EYES. Bright sparkling eyes speak of youth, and to keep yours clear and shining, use a drop or two of Murine every day. will cleanse and relax your eyes. Each night smooth the skin around them with tissue cream, patting it in gently. Avoid undue
FOREHEAD.
After all fixing a ticket wasn't 40 Important. The boys hadn't actually been involved In an accident. A traffic violation was not a serious offense, and she knew from her months at court that such procedure was accepted. The ticket could be so handled that the boys would be let off with a few words of warning. Nothing too irregular and It would save their pal the embarrassment of paying a fine.
Still she hated to impose on her position, on the fact that it would be her friends that would ease the way. She eventually shrugged off the whole matter. She'd see what tomorrow held.
Monday came quickly enough: a day of brilliant sunshine, of trees Still more green following the weekend rain, of breezes soft and warm. The feel of spring was contagious. Problems somehow seemed less difficult, suspicions were lulled by the clear light of daytime reality.
Pat approached one of the sergeants before the day's session be-tan. She couldn't bring herself to go to Tom after his kindness the Ôther evening. “If this leads to any complications please tell me,” she begged. “It's a speeding ticket. My brothers were with a friend nad
were
"Those
ronto alone.
Entertainment For Visitors
“They are coming from all over the province.” said Mr. Nixon. “I understand that some 90.000 arc comint from York Township alone. The demonstrations, are not alone
for Toronto children. The C. N. EL grounds are well suited for there Is ample room for the children.” The acting premier said that It expected that children would to Toronto from as far as
that.
Egocentric
ance care arc some
Harold Ryder, of Waikato, New Zealand, bored by confinement in a hospital bed, "set”
could hatch it. After 25 days —four more than for a hen-— he hatched a healthy White Leghorn chick.	_________
was
MOUTH.
come	###*#####
Georgian Day for the purpose of
seeing Their Majesties.
chicken’s egg to see if he
The Duchess of Kent, who has been the fashion leader of Britain, is expected to set the fashions in Australia while her husband is Governor-General there.
Full Skirt Makes the WaistLine Look Slimmer Bolero Jacket Dress . . .
First AW
TJiis
AND
APPLIQUE
IMCLUDCO
^23 3184
SIZES
•2-40
she
V-
Scowling* and frowning quickly weave a pattern of “ageing” lines. Perhaps your eyesight is none too good, or your feet pain you? Check these points. Curb any nervous habits, such as undue eyebrow-raising. "	.
massaging with cream use a firm pressure—up and out.
FEET. An elastic walk shows youthfulness. Wear shoes that are large enough, and forswear pointed toes!
corns. : lllllllllllt ___illllllllll||llllllllll!llllllll|lll|||
dor.’t be a martyr, but get a good
corn plaster.
Next week’s article will outline other points to watch to avoid that “ageing look.” In the meantime, write for confidential beauty advice. The following leaflets may be obtained by sending a 3c stamp for each one required: Facial Care; Bust Development; Superfluous Hair; Feet Care; Underweight; Slimming; Reducing in Spots; Fascinating Eyes; Hand Beauty; Glamorous Hair.
Please address your letter to: Barbara Lynn, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto, Ont.
To Cold Sufferers
These Pictures Tdl You Wat b Do for Amazingly Fast Refief




When
mm#
¦a
...
r
Sgjlpp®
L To esse pain and dis- 1<K comfort ind reduce fever J * tike 2 "Aspirin”
Tablets - drink a glass of water.
Repeat In 2




WN
T

»
*
'A
Z



VCrnmped feet de-If you have corns,
*


mm
>

O'


%


f
x*x*



I
A Secret Bond
Tom lighted a cigarette and leaned back with a smile. . “After all we're getting serious and we decided not to talk business. We were going to relax. You know I liko having you there in court. When I look at you I get back my perspective. Its.easy to get muddled and take things too seriously with all these legal angles swirling in one's head most of the day. You're not only a good court stenographer, but for me you're a pretty good balance wheel.”
Back at work she remembered that when their eyes met over the Judge’s desk she fell a secret bond between them.
Larry phoned shortly before it was time to leave for the day. 'Til pick you up around five, ’ he said. • Meet you out front.”
She stood outside the big limestone building in the warmth of the late afternoon sun, watching the home-going crowd swirl out from offices and shops. Larry's voice Interrupted her thoughts. She stared at the cars drawn up to the curb and not until his second greeting did she recognize him seated In a shiny new sedan.
"A new car,” she said in a startled voice. “Why, Larry, you didn’t tell m
"It’s one from the salesroom,” he explained pulling the car away and swinging out into the line of traffic. 'Had to have my battery fixed. Thought I'd use this for a while. Might even buy It. Runs well.”
>
2. If throat Is nw from cold, crush tnd dissolve 3 "Aspirin” Tablets In % glass of water. .. gargle.


vjr

«


$
'	* V,


W
V



W'..... % #
KvSoS
:
I
ma
Just Be Sure You Get “Aspirin” Tablets• You Will Feel Better in a Hurry


t
*

¦
The simple way pictured above often brings amazingly fast relief from discomfort and sore throat accompanying cold*
Try it. Then — see your doctor He probably will tell you to continue “Aspirin” because it acts so ) relieve discomforts of a cold.
i



>y'$M«

NOMMÉ

m


#
Royalty Can’t
Visit Quints
*



with

-
fast
And to reduce fever.



• ^
?.* .

mm
m
This simple way, backed by scientific authority, has largely supplanted the use of strong medicines in easing cold symptoms. Perhaps the easiest, most effective way yet discovered.
If the Dionnes’ Guardians Wish The Quintuplets to Be Seen By King and Queen, They Must Go to Sudbury.
By LOUISE LENNOX
An utterly simple little wool-like rayon crepe dress with “tight bodice” whose full skirt makes the waist look slimmer. | flowers accent the perky shoulders of its very brief sleeves and add effective contrast. And to give it a Spring-like touch, you'll want to match your hat to your dress. The hat and applique pattern are included. For variety
it with or without the bolero
I

MM

ifll
£




%
Applique
Canadian government authorities have revealed that no provision has been made in the royal tour for a stopover at Callander or at the home of the Dionne quintuplets.
Reports reaching Ottawa from London said that the Queen had expressed desire to see he quints, but external affairs officers* pointed out that the itinerary, which already has been approved, does not include such a visit.
if the quints' guardians wish the quints to be seen by Their Majesties they will have to visit Sudbury, it is understood.
found led Set
“ASPIRIN”
>
milk, a small amount at a time, beating after each addition until smooth.
greased deep 9-inch layer pans or three greased 8-inch layer pans in moderate oven (350 deg. F.) 25 to 30 minutes. Spread Seven Minute Frosting between layers and on top and sides of cake. While frosting is still soft sprinkle sides with rose-tinted southern style coconut. Cut Valentine heart from waxed paper and place in center of frosted cake. Trace around heart with toothpick. Remove pattern carefully and fill in heart with rose-tinted coconut.
To tint coconut, sprinkle on white paper. Dilute a tiny bit of vegetable coloring (paste, tablet, liquid) in a small amount of water, pour over coconut, and rub evenly through coconut.
Seven Minute Frosting 2 egg whites, unbeaten 1% cups sugar
6 tablespoons water 1% teaspoons light corn syrup 1 teaspoon vanilla Combine egg whites, sugar, water and corn syrup in top of double boiler, beating with rotary egg beater until thoroughly mixed. Place over rapidly boiling water, beat constantly with rotary egg beater, and cook 7 minutes, or until frosting will stand in peaks. Remove from boiling water; add vanilla and beat until thick enough to spread.
FOR THE ST. VALENTINE'S
PARTY
Add vanilla. Bake in 2
"Hearts and Flowers” Motif
Carried Out in Cake
By KATHARINE BAKER
February is the month of parties and the most important party of the month is, of course, the St. .Valentine's. This is one day in the year when young and old alike go really sentimental and enjoy it. For just such an occasion as a St. .Valentine's party was this cake recipe created, guests taste it, they will be inclined to rave about it in St. Valentine's day objectives,—sweet, gorgeous, lovely.
"Be My Sweetheart” Cake
(2 eggs or 3 egg yolks)
2 cups sifted cake flour
1	teaspoon soda
% cup butter or other shortening 1% cups brown sugar, firmly
packed
2	eggs or 3 egg yolks, unbeaten
3	squares unsweetened choco-
late, melted
1 cup milk
1 teaspoon vanilla gift flour once, measure, add soda, ïpd sift together three times. Bream butter thoroughly, add safer gradually, and cream together ttitil light and fluffy. Add eggs, £pe at a time, beating well after mch: then add chocolate and bL>nd. Add flour, alternately with
• e •
wear jacket!
Style No. 3184 is designed for sizes 12, 14, 16, 18, 20 years, 30, 32, 34, 36, 38 and 40-inches bust. Size en requires 3% yards of 39-inch material with % yard of 35-incl. for applique and hat; and 1 3-8 yards of 39-inch material for bolero.
Send Fifteen Cents (15c), (Coin is preferred ) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your name, address and style number. Be sure to state size you
Unknown Fear
Ordinarily that would have sent her bubbling over with eagerness, with the thrill of a new car that \iuld be used on their honeymoon. But now a strange chill settled about her. again that tingling sensation of an unknown fear. A new
And when your
Nervous? Headaches?
WOMEN who are ** nervous, weak, or have headaches or backaches may need Dr. Pierce’s Favorite Prescrr tion. It calms
or
wish.
Yes, Sir
BEE MIME Syripi
Is my i morning jjffl cereal
59 sweetener.
For Eczema -Skin Troubles
z
How Women in Their 40's Can Attract Men
nerves, benefits the
female organs, im-nroves nutrition. Mrs. Harry Simon,



mo «pact that I could hardly eat.
he mo
Id have
1
rood advice for a woman during her (usually from 26 to 62), who leers
7
the! I could cry.

me feel Ilka •
msmm
te-reU Oj.
er full, pénétra - in A«meeptic that does not atain or ki Compléta eatiafectloa or
„-or.	.
you h^H! a reliable "WOMAN S"
hs SS.-S'ÜiK-tti-.-ir.s;
trouble with
and
I



Issue Nc. 7—'39
o5

eleen
B






###PAGE###7###
est Ion of girls, and right up to the end of the last century every little girl was taught as a matter of routine to knit her own stockings.
Knitting First Was Denounced
In England As • Scottish Imp portation	¦¦¦
Popular In Reign of Good Queen Bess.
Horde* of Spanish Refugee* Poured Over the Border Into France
News
Parade
By Elizabeth Eedy

Electric power used by the gold mining industry in Canada during 1937 was valued at $4,617,217.
PI
n
First Became


r. $



A


JAPAN AND USî We are willing to wager that if a poll were taken of Canadian public opinion It would be found that 90 per cent, of the people of the Dominion are dead against Japan in its "undeclared* war on China, and have the utmost sympathy for the harried Chinese, What do we do about it, thought
Speaking In Toronto last week, Pearl Teh-wei Liu, daughter of a eolonel In the Tenth Chinese Army, charged that Japan got 90 per cent, ef its nickel from Canada in 1938; that 17 per cent, of all her war materials were imported from Great Britain and SI per cent, came from the democratic nations of the world.
And now Japan goes and sends is shaving brushes Infected with anthrax germs Î A nice return for our help . . .
“POLITICAL VICTORY": David Lloyd George said in London last week that Halo-German forces will remain in Spain until Great Britain and France have granted demands of Germany and Italy. EjB
Almost simultaneously with his words came a declaration from Mussolini's mouthpiece Virginie Oayda, st Rome, that Italian troops will not leave Spain until a ''politisai" as well as a "military" victory has been assured General Franco —In other words till Spain has definitely been made Into a Fascist state; until France has been blackmailed Into surrendering pieces of her territory to Italy.
The Fascist position: Italy occupies lock, stock and barrel the strategic island of Majorca In the Mediterranean. German guns back ef Algeclras dominate Gibraltar, are able at any time to threaten Britain's Mediterranean "life-line". Four German submarine bases have been established on Spain's northwest coast. German submarine bases on the Canary Islands could threaten Britain's route to the East around Africa. Italian and German airdromes are located only a few miles from the Franco-Spanlsh frontier.
40

HI
«
4
The origin of knitting has often been disputed. In mediaeval days all hose was made of cloth or skins of animals, and It la generally believed that knitting was invented In Scotland during the fifteenth century. Certain It la that knitted stockings found their way to France from Scotland about that time, and became so popular with the fashionable French ladles that in 1504 a Guild of Stocking KnJV term was established in Paris, who chose for their patron the saint Fiacre of Scotland.
Knitted Hose, Curiously Wrought
In England knitting was viewed with disfavor, probably on account of Its Scottish origin, and it was not until the reign of Queen Elisabeth that it became popular. The Virgin Queen was presented one Christmas with a pair of hand-knitted black silk stockings, the handiwork of her wardrobe woman, who had learned the art from a Scottish friend. Her royal mistress was so pleased with these novel stockings that from that time she wore no other kind, and her Court ladles followed suit.
The fashion must have spread rapidly through all classes, for less than twenty years later, when a foreigner was visiting London during the reign of James the Second, he was amazed at the craze for knitted stockings, "so curiously wrought, with open seams down the legs, and clocks about the ankles, and sometimes Interwoven with gold and silver thread as Is gorgeous to behold."
Knitting ranked In importance almost equal to sewing In the edu-
Total production in the woodusing industries in 1986 reached a value of 174,728,116, an increase of almost $10,000,000 over the preceding year.
m

4
& 3

m


.'Ai
il
i
4 *

IT POURS
CLEANLY
i
7. '
- r






HP1 £ *
at



Ë


il:




Warn
3

4 *<¦
MS*





xi : ,
3*
* Af' /#
- '•-
rti
-3^
a


WmWÊmm
t & .*,%

L##

THE HANDY POL'BNC SPOU
jor the twopoandiin
It's free—write 1er one NOW
• Kfssfÿ'SS.ïJWS:



S



^*§a
/



•V -

«


j®




¦




, \ '
r

ÏM


m




##



X */***+*£. v 1 4m .W -W4U/, .. .v..-. 4fc&

XmIvv .
#	Peers Without • drip.
•	Provide* mesne of eccerete
A pitiful scene which was reproduced at least five-thousandfold, showing women and children refugee» of Catalonia, arriving in the French border town of Le Perthus. It was the first point of safety for these civil war non-combatants, since they fled Catalonia Province, which had been taken by the victorious armies ox Central Francisco Franco.
U.
• The protective cap
This figure was the largest in the history of the industry, he said.
Canadian producers should not store quantities of butter during t{ie season of heavy production with the hope of exporting to Britain at a profit in the fall, warned J. F. Singltton, Ottawa, associate director of Marketing Service, Dairy Products division, Department of Agriculture.
Advantages Of Electric Fence
VOICE OF THE PRESS
Tell the boyi that portfiks of I
CROWN BRAND
CORN SYRUP
This Type of Fence Is Being Adopted More Widely In Canada Because of Its General Range of Usefulness.
FREE SPEECH
In Canada you can say anything you desire and not be arrested for it! and in your home you can say anything you wish and no one will pay any attention to it.—Brandon Sun.
The Famous Energy Food
hie CANADA STARCH C0_ Limited, Toronto
The introduction of the electric fence into Canada has been received with much interest and it is gradually becoming more widely adopted for fencing pastures. This type of fence has many advantages, but at the same time caution is necessary in establishing the equipment. Research and further investigation will, no doubt, improve the safety features, its efficiency and general fange of usefulness. The advantages of an electric fence arc briefly enumerated as follows:
1.	Reduces the cost of erecting temporary fences.
2.	Reduces expenditures for wire, posts and gates.
8. Reduces injury to live stock.
4. Especially adapted to winding coulees or temporary pasture aeas otherwise impractical to fence.
6. Enables the use of untillable land in fields that otherwise might be wasted.
Spray Controls Potato Sprouts
Prevents The Growth of Buds On Tubers In Your Cellar
MORE CIGARETTES FOR YOUR MONEY
THE FARMER'S FRONT DOOR
À never-ending puzzle is why some farmers bother about placing front doors in their houses when they are never opened and when, indeed, no steps lead to them.— Brockville Recorder and Times.
ïStSli
Farmers who have spent many long hours in the potato cellar in the spring, pulling the sprouts from potato tubers no longer dormant, can breathe a sigh of relief.
Potassium naphthaleneacetate will end all this. Dr. John Gun-tbrie of the Boyce Thompson Institute for Plant Research, Boston, says that chemical prevents the growth of buds and no sprouts are produced. It causes the old potato to act just as though it were dormant or freshly harvested.
If the tubers that have been so treated are again sprayed with another chemical, ethylene chlorohy-drin, the "dormancy" is broken and the sprouting of the buds is again possible. Obviously these findings will mean much to the farmer who wants to control bud growth in the winter and stimulate it to renewed activity at planting time.
TRIAL BALLOON: Why did President Roosevelt allow three days to elapse before denying that he had said "America's frontier Is In France?" There la more in It than meets the eye, we opine.
It is our Idea that even though the President may not have uttered such words at all, those are his sentiments nevertheless. But he has first to educate and prepare public opinion In the U. 8. to accept a mew foreign policy when the time comes to announce It. (Hla denial, later, left hla opponents with little to stand on.)
In the meantime, too, the ruse served to shut Mussolini up, whose scheduled speech (demanding something from the democratic nations, ¦o doubt) did not come off.
MINISTERS' WORRIES This is the season of annual church meetings when ministers find out how really difficult it is to get all of the people coming and giving all of the time, instead of some people coming and giving
Fort Erie
<
P
2iqa*atU
*1ohacc&
EXTRA MILD ,
PACKAGE
some of the time. Times-Review.
i/8 LB. TIN 55c
MOST PEÀ-CULIAR
! As an authority on anatomy in a noted agricultural district the Chatham News is hard to beat. It that cabbages have heads,
By Fred Nehe
TUSôJJ&iiiZ.- I
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
says
corn has ears, celery has a heart, grapes have skins, potatoes have eyes and squashes have necks. — Kingston Whig-Standard.
Aluminum Foil Butter Wrappers
Canadian Batter Exporters Are Given Advice On How to Compete Successfully With New Zealand In The British Market
BUBBLES

DOWN WITH DIPHTHERIA!
A doctor points out that, due to the use of vaccination, many physicians (he himself included) have never seen a case of smallpox. The time will probably come when, thanks to toxoid, many members of the profession will be able to say the same thinf of diphtheria. —Brockville Recorder and Times.
A
RUMOR DEPARTMENT (not to be depended on, of course) : It Is whispered In some circles that former Prime Minister of Canada, R. B. Bennett, may shortly seek election to the British House of Commons, later to be taken into the Chamberlain Cabinet as Secretary for the Dominions.
r
Central Ontario
Exhibition Dates
Canadian butter exporters who wish to compete successfully in the British market with New Zealand exporters should wrap butter in aluminum foils, with parchment both sides of the foils, Dr. F. R. Hood of Ottawa told a meeting of the Manitoba Dairy Association convention. Dr. Hood is chief of the Dairy Research division, Science Service, Manitoba Department of Agriculture.
Such foils are a sure protection against surface deterioration, which in the case of some 56-
F. Wessels of Wooler was elected president of the Central Ontario Fairs' Association at the annual meeting in Belleville last month. ' Fair dates chosen by the directors were: Campbellford, Sept 2627; Mountain View, Sept. 28; Madoc, Oct 8-4; Brighton, Sept 18-14; Picton, Sept. 28-29; Tweed, Sept 21-22; Bancroft Sept. 1415; Stirling, Sept. 19-20; Marmora, Oct 16-17; Coehill, Sept. 2021; Centreville, Sept. 15-16; Belleville, Aug. 29-Sept 1; Wooler, Sept 28-29; Warkworth, Oct 56; Napanee, Sept. 6-8; Roseneath Oct 12-18; Mohawk (Deseronto) Sept. 18; Shannon ville, Sept. 16.
Highland Orphanage in Inverness, Scotland, has offered to place several German refugee children with Its 60 Highland orphans. £
v /
• •
DO WE WANT NATIONAL
UNITY?
Whatever political and other leaders may do, it is possible for individual citizens to accomplish much in the way of strengthening Canadian unity. They can learn the language of their fellow-Cana-dians, or at least visit them in their native province. They can forget prejudices and drop ancient grudges. Above all they can subscribe to the idea of a nationalism which is no longer racial in its basis, but which is based on a devotion to Canada as intense that which our neighbours to the south feel towards the United States.—London Free Press.
THE WEEK'S QUESTION: Why will Lloyd’s no longer Insure against war? Answer: The Brit» tsh Government frowns upon It, since, If people Insured heavily against war, they would stand to win big sums if a war came, and therefore they might agitate for and foment war In order to get this * money.
«
on
*
a
4
6
I»	v	^	pound cubes examined by the de-
KCCD I OllIT Canary	pertinent, had been found to pene-
*	•	a	I irate to a depth of M inch, he
Singing, Active
CL
mid.
Should Not Store The Surplus
W. C. Cameron, Ottawa, associate chief of the Grading and Dairy Products Inspection Service, reported a total of 265,839,599 pounds of creamery butter was produced in Canada during 1938.
a
If You Wish Him to Remai Healthy and Happy able Position For Cage Is In*»
"That bailor’s boon In his family for forty years."

Suit-
The chairman replied In a few appropriated words.
If you have a canary bird, it la very Important for the health of
your pet to keep It in a suitable	_^	—
position. The outward signs of	WONDERLAND OF OZ
^ lth In song birds are activity 1 and song. A mopey bird Is a silent, miserable pet.
It is a great mistake to hang a cage at a window where the into is subjected to draughts and violent changes of temperature.
A cosy recess away from the window—not in a direct line between the window and door—should he chosen, and the cage should be placed on a table within a few feet of the floor. Do not hang the cage near the celling of the room, as in this position the bird is subjected to excessive heat and a vitiated atmosphere.
The proper feeding of birds la also of importance If they are to remain healthy and to give of their heel with their sweet song. Few people take the trouble to Inquire about feeding when purchasing a
By L. Frank Baum
ALyOy
1
f %



t. <
iHr .et

Æ
t %

r 1
t
£
. %

X
I
l

34

:


Ml
(




i, m
Li
./t



a
%

youT* asked the First and Foremost. ‘The Whimsies,” replied the General "Any othersÎ” The Growl, evwog*" said Guph. Thte set the
laughing anew. “What the epolle am I to have?’’ was the next question. “Anything you like except the magic belt," replied Guph. Oh. th*“e foolish gnomes.” laughed the beei “How email they really are.” Suddenly he seised Guph s neck with h'rn hajry paw# and dragged him ont
Here he gave a curious walling cry and, as If In answer from all the rock- huts on the mountain tops came flocking a hoard of Phan-fasms. all with hairy bodies, wearing the heads of various animals, birds and reptiles. All were ferocious and repulsive looking to the deceived eves of the gnome, and Guph could not repress a shudder Isgvet as he looked upon them. First and Foremost slowly, raised hi- arms and an astounding thing happened.
Then he told them of the tunnel the Gnome King was building, and said he had come to ask the First
and Foremost to Join the gnomes With hi, band of warriors and help them to defeat the Os people. The General spoke very *arnestly and lmpdeaaively, but when he had finished the bear-man bacan to laugh i» it much
Guph spoke out as the First sod Foremost had commanded. Ho tried
tmt to pay any attention to a
share of
k
new bird.
Do not kill your birds with kind mean by giving them slices of cake,
of d
Its laughter a chorus of
The
to
ec
of
SSA
t
Veer:
.ar-
¦bio foods.
###PAGE###8###

- Z'' $ 1








Jr


John Palmer Dies
\
BB
f If Clearing Sale of
Stanfield’s
High Quality Underwear
John Palmer, one of Clarendon * oldest citizen* passed away at Ids home at Charte vis. Que., on Thursday morning, February 16th, at the age of 86 years.
The late Mr, Palmer was born at Yarm and spent his life time in the district. He was a son of the late Mr. and Mrs John Palmer.
He was married to Miss Sarah Jane Wall, of Thorne Township, who survives with one son, Del» bourn, on the homestead ; one brother, Thomas Palmer, of Yam The funeral was held on Saturday from the late home to Wesley United Church, of which the deceased was a member of long standing and a trustee, a was conducted by the Paatoi Cordon Newman.
S» "

*

,irt
Red Label, Pure Wool, Oombinations
Regular $3.50 for $2,96

i
Gold Label Combinations
>
1
Regular $2.75 for 82.25
Service
Hi RcV.
During the




Gold Label Shirts and Drawers

service Mrs. John Armitage ami
Mr. Joseph Kilgonr nang, ‘'Face to Face."
Regular $1.60 for 81.26
Green Label, Pure Wool, Shirts and Drawers
Regular $1.15 for 96 ctS.

w: a
Interment was in the church cemetery. pall bearers being. Messrs. Hilliard, Clinton, Ellis and John Eric Palmer, Robert and Hammond Kmmereon, all nephews of the deceased.
Among the floral tributes was a spray from Wesley United Church.

%T 12
/ Il
7
Fleece Lined Shirts and Drawers
K

X



Regular 90 cts. for 69 cts.
Buy Now and Save at These Reduced Prices
I




m

I
Bluebill, Broadbill Are
Popular in Duck Family
Bluebill, broadbill, lesser scaup, greater scaup, blackhead, black-neck, blackjack, doughgree—these are some of the labels given the two closely related species—little and big, creek bluebill and bay bluebill, writes Ding Darling in the Washington Star.
They are so very much alike, except for size, that skilled naturalists at times have difficulty in distinguishing between specimens without making precise measurements.
The smaller species is more inclined to seek sheltered water, the larger broadbill rather more fond of big bays of the sea. Probably America's most popular deepwater duck, the bluebill is any gunner's game because of its abundance and wide distribution.
An old wildfowler can distinguish bluebill in flight as far as he can see them. They wheel and bank on the turns, side slip to a landing and rise on the take-off with precision.
The bluebill cousins breed in prairie sloughs and lake borders from Kansas to the Northern Canadian wilderness. Destruction of their nesting grounds has cut down their number tremendously.

4
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher


5,
§





Shawville Bakery
An Eight-Day Birlcs-Ellis-Ryrie Mantel Clock
with Two-Tone Chimes
For a tasty loaf try
Shawville Bread
HOW LONG WILL THE CLOCK RUN?
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
This clock will be wound up and sealed. The nearest correct guess as to the number of hours and minutes the clock will run is the
winner. Other attractive prizes.
Poultry Stock Selection for Economic Production
DALE’S TINSHOP
( By XV. A. Maw )
At this season of the year, when the breeding season is about to commence, plans for the production of the new crop of poultry should be well organized. The aim should be to produce only healthy stock of a type which will be most profitable in the production of both eggs and poultry meat The general purpose breeds such as the Plymouth Rock, New Hampshire, Rhode I«laud Red. or Wyandotte represent the utility or general purpose type. The Barred Plymouth Rock is undoubtedly the most popular variety for general farm production.
The market for poultry meat is proportionately better than the egg market at present. There is an increasing demand for high quality poultry meat. Such meat carcasses must possess full-fleshing over the breast and legs ; they must also cany a good covering of fat over the entire body. A well balanced body id essential to such meat quality.
There is a definite need for more care in the selection of the breeding stock to ensure good meat values as well as satisfactory egg | production values in all the individuals. A well balanced body of standard weight for the breed is basic to maintaining vigour in breeding stock. If stock of this class is selected from families which have shown good egg production, hatchabUity of egg®, and livability of chick®, progressive production results can be expected. Since economic production is de-ndent upon health in the flock, is advisable to have breeding flocks blood-tested for pullomm disease. This disease may be carried from the parent stock to the chick through the egg. If present, it will affect the hatch»-bility of the eggs set, as well as livability of the chicks
YOU GET GUESSES WITH EVERY BAG OF
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Maple Syrup Equipment
CREAM OF THE WEST
Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment ? If not, do so now ! as this is the time of year we make up supplies. Give us your order now ! we can supply you with :

4 Guesses
98 Lb. Bags
49 "
24 "
//
//
2
Pans, all sizes
Sap Cans,
Maple Syrup Cans, Evaporators
#/
1 Guess

Iron Coolers,
Spoils,

Twenty-four Additional Prizes Bake Rite Cake Pans
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Descendants of Viking
Chiefs Recall Grandeur
At Visby, picturesque capital of the island of Gotland, there is presented an historical pageant, which is a popular feature of the Scandinavian season.
Over this lovely Baltic island flies the flag of Sweden and over its tur-reted walls and vaulted ruins there is peace—a peace shot through with dreams of long-gone grandeur, says a^writer in the Philadelphia Inquir-
Shawville Milling Co., Reg’d
it*
Reductions on
Memorials
Black ; subs, Findlay, R. Hanna and K. Hanna.
Before a large crowd, a fast | Qtiyon — Goal, Smith ; defence, clean game of hockey was played Murphy and Campbell; centre, in the Pontiac Intermediate Trudeau ; wings, Boland and* League on Bristol link, Thursday Lapine; sub. Knox, evening, February 16th, Bristol Referees, J. Pritchard and Ben defeating tiny on 3 to 2, closing the Thompson, regular schedule between these two teams, Bristol winning three out of four games. Bruce Findlay opened the scoring for Bristol early in the first period on a nice
passing playlfrom Black and Riley,	Ml
and shortly after Riley scored A block of land, containing approxi unassisted, putting the locals in mately 25 aces. Twenty acres a-1 front two goals.	den soil, at present under hay, and
There was no score in the second acres of pasture with a never failing period. Early in the third period creek running across it. Situated on an Riley scored his second goal of excellent highway miles from town the evening unassisted, m iking of Arnprior, and half mile from village the score 8—0 for Bristol. Quyon 0f Braeside. An ideal location for scored two quick goals before the jng togs, chickens, bees and vegetables, tinil hell, ope by Joe Murohy and A beautiful place for a Summer home
sus
having a slight edge through moet of the game.
The team® :
Bristol—Goal, M. Russell ; deface, Riley and Smiley ; centre.
Langford; wings, B. Roy and
Cards of Thanks
Bristol Defeat Quyon 3 to 2
in
We wish to express our sincere thanks apprecion to our many friends and I the hhours for the kindness and sym hatched.
Marble and Granite
and
patby extended to us during our recent bereavement. O
The Family of the late James Mee.
Since the question of vigour is closely associated with body shape one must avoid using those intu-
it is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory of a loved one.
We believe that our years of experience in the manufacture of memorials, enables us to produce a suitable memorial at all prices.
We offer on any order placed between now and May 1st, a discount of 10 per cent.
viduals which possess long legs,
mm mwm
evidence i,mt hand to show that «hips end where, durbig the Middle the male used to head the matin* ages, the all-powerful Hanseatic
league established its trading cen-
er.
BLOCK OF LAND FOR SALE
on


\
type of body my. The male
type
must possess the desired in the progeny, ini apparently influences body more than does the female
[HICKS
ter.
ago, sea-faring Got-Hamid wealth and re-
We. therefore, recommend that finement, their ships the rulers of due attention be given to the the northern seas.g But their very selection of breeding males to wealth brought about their decline, ensure 11 more uniform type of Seemingly secure |
TStf BEE 3%
bred egg-lines of females, but will add considerable desirable	e
(finical value to g the strain of poultry.	•	::
Here, \o landers ¦
long
lived
MUS
“lucky** when next PaO. See
Shawville
Serbia A Granite Works. Main Street, Shawville, fee.
right
above, do not fail to look this one over
0
Apply to
W. G. MacLxam,
Box 8M, Àrnprior, Ont.
They were
G. HAROLD BOULTON
ate from
i
BHIITOL, ODB
Of
silver.

Z
