###PAGE###1###
t $1.50 rep annum In Ac vance t 2.CO to the ULltcd States
PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 31. 1940
SH AW VILLE
No 20., 58th Yi ak
f
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
PERSONAL MENTION
Removal Notice—Mrs. Clin inbet lain will move her Beauty Parlor in the McRae building to her own premises on King Street, on Monday, November 7tn.
Mr*. Stinson, of Renfrew, will beat Mrs. Chamberlains Beauty Parlor on Thursday of this week, Oct. 31st., and on Thursday of each week until further notice.
The Ladies' Association of Wesley United Church, Charter!*, will hold a Bean Supper on Tuesday, Oct 29, at the Orange Hall, Char-teris. Supper from 6 to 8 o'clock, followed by a short programme. Admission 25 and 15 cents.
Dance—Under the auspices of Shawville Rebekah Lodge will be held on Thursday evening, Oct. 31. Mixed dancing. Music by Hanpy Homesteaders, of Ottawa Proceeds in aid of an ambulance fund. Refreshments served Admission, 50 cents. Come and help a worthy cause.
BORN
II
Shawville Hardware
Harnett — At Pontiac Community Hospital, on Thursday, Oct. 24th, 1010, to Mr. and Mrs. Amey Barnett, of Shawville, (nee Klda Hobin) a son
Mrs. W. J. Connelly, of Cobden is a guest at the home of Mrs. Alt' Draper this week.
Mrs W. A. Brownlee ha? return ed from visiting her sister, Mrs Hugh Hanna at Massey. Ont
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most moder n in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
HARDWARE AND BUILDING SUPPLIES
MARRIED
Rev A. F. and Mrs. Pokes are visiting relative? and friends in Kingston and Gananoque this week.
Wilson—Higgins
A wedding ceremony of interest took place in the United Church ma use at Eaetend, Sask , recently, when Edith Lillian Higgins, daughter of Mrs. W. J. Higgins, of Eastend, and the late Mr. Higgins, became the bride of Gordon Arthur Armstrong Wilson, foi mer United Church student minister at Clayton and Stone, Sask. and son of Mrs. VV. G. A. Wilson. Kingston, and the lute Rev. Mr, Wilson,
Mr and Mrs. Wilson left later for Kingston where they will re side temporarily. The bride travelled in a frock of stone blue print crepe with colored pearls and belt to match and modish tweed coat.
The groom is a grandson of Mr, Thos. Wilson and nephew of Messrs. C. T. Wilson and Wellington Armstrong, of Shawville.
Pte's Donald McDowell and Borden Corrigan, of Ottawa, spent the week end at their homes in town.
Miss Euneth Sinclair, of Ottawa, was a week end guest at the home of her mother, Mrs. John Sinclair, at Yarm.
Mr. Douglas Campbell, of Mac donald College, spent the weekend with his parents, Dr. and Mrs. D. J, Campbell,
Audrey Telford, of Ottawa, d at the home of her parents,
Telford, at
W. E. COWLING, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
JAMES A. MILLAR
Hand Saws,
Nail Hammers, Aluminum Levels, Ready Roofing Sheeting Papers Wire Screening,
Cement
Nails
Paint
Putty
Glass
Locks
B A L LL
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell's Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday at Noon
Cedric Brennan Injured At Quyon Mine
On Monday morning Cedric Brennan, aged 25, of Qtiyon, was painfully injured during underground drilling operations at the Quyon Molybdenite Mine, when a large rock rolled and crashed him against the side wall.
He was immediately attended by Dr. Hudson, of Quyon, and was later removed to Ottawa Civic Hospital by Hynes’ Ambulance, of Shawville.
Mis
visite„
Mr. and Mrs Edward Murrells for the week end
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Miss Em hie Richardson returned to Pa mou r, Ont., after spending a week with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Perley Richardson, Radford.
Mr. and Mrs Edward Finan and Miss Minerva Finan returned to their home in South Porcupine after visiting Mr. and Mrs. Perley Richardson, Radford.	- .
Mr. Russell Hobbs, of Quill Lake, Sask.. arrived in town this week to visit his brother, Mr. Hilliard Hobbs. He brought along a car load of western work horses, which are for male at the Clarendon Hotel stables.
Mr. Hazelwood Elliott and his bride, the former Miss Emm Ormond, of Ottawa, returned from their honeymoon trip last week and have taken residence in the farm home on the P. D. F road.
Mr. Harry Sinclair, of Malartic, Que , visited at the home of his mother, Mrs. John Sinclair, at Yarro, during the week end
accompanied by his aunt,_ Mrs. Eddie Black and her sonT Selwyn, of Ottawa, •
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shawville, Que.
For Mise Armstrong
M be Robina Wallace and Mrs. R A. Dale entertained at the latter's home at a nicely arranged miscellaneous shower on Wednesday evening, Oct. 23rd, in honour of Miss Muriel Armstrong, whose marnage takes place shortly.
The gifts were presented in a decorated wagon drawn by Shirley Armstrong. Miss Armstrong expressed her appreciation in appropriate terms,
hollowing the présenta ton of the gifts dainty refreshments were served by the hostess who was assisted by Misses Melba Hudgins and Amy Corrigan.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’sBay, Que (In Lawn Block)
Y P U. Rally at Campbell#. Bay
Over 200 young people of the United Church Y P. U.'s of Pontiac Co., gathered ill their annual Fall Rally in the Town Hall at Campbells Bay, Friday night.
The President, Clarence Dean, was in the chair, and Miss Etta Loken took the minutes. The meeting opened with a sing-song of spirituals, led by Bert Swartz of Shawville. after which the wor ship service was led by a group of young people from the Quyon Society.	,
An inspirational message was given by Rev. G. D. Spencer, of Cobden, whô challenged the young people to greater courage, faith and broadness of vision in these difficult times.
Dining the business session Clarence Dean was re elected as President.	*'
Addresses were given by a delegation of the Ottawa Presbytery executive on various phases of Y. P. U. work, the speakers being
FALL
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B.A., L.L.B,
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
HOUSE CLEANING
Mrs. Clifford Brown and Mrs Vern Brown, of Ottawa entertained jointly at a miscellaneous shower in honour of their neice, Miss Muriel Armstrong, of Shawville, whose marriage takes place early next month.
The rooms were prettily decorated with streamers and wedding bells and the gifts were presented to the honoured guest in a prettily decorated wagon drawn in by Master Gordon Brown.
The hostesses were assisted by Mrs. IV. E. Montgomery. Miss Helena Hodgins and Miss Alberua Hodgins.
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with bytcorrespondence
He
WHS
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER 196 MAIN STREET PHONE, 2-2219 HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’a Hotel, Campbell’ Bay every Tuesday at Noon.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday Evening.
For a limited time only we are showing some
very good specials in Curtain Nets and Scrims, frilled curtains, etc. Get your requirements early as this class of
merchandise may be scarce later on.
District Medicos Meet at Pontiac House
On Friday evening of last week a district dinner meeting of the medical doctors was held at the Pontiac House.
Dr. Harcourt Church, president, of Aylmer, presided, and the guest speakers weie :—Dr*. VV. J. McNally, Geo. Fleet and Brow, of Montreal.
Members attending were :
Belisle and Penas, Hull; Drs son and Church, Aylmer; Dr. R. Vf. Hudson, Quyon; Drs McDowell and Powles, Shawville ; Dr. H T Hindman, Bryson ; Dr, S J. McNally, Campbell's Bay; Drs Mulligan and Judd. Fort Coulonge ; Dr H. Geggic, Wakefield, and Drs. Brown and Bur well, of Renfrew.
Mis? Gladys Dolman, past president, FI wood Kdey, the president, Mi*8 Kay McCracken, citizenship convener; Miss Ann Simpson, secretary ; Gordon Pepper, miss ionary convener and Lome Leaf loor, convenor of boys work.
After a recreation period led by George Fades, choiae refreshments were served by the Campbells Bay
Society.	, ,	,	_
Besides the Societies already mentioned, delegations were pres enttrom F ort Coulonge, Starks Corners, Zion, Bristol, Y arm and Radford.
D. J. CAMBPELL
Quyon Young People Conduct Service at Beecbgrove
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
45 inches wide. White Masquisette, with colored dots. Mauve, Yellow, Green, Blue, Rose. Per yard 29c
Wesley United Church at Beech grove, Que , was filled to capacity on Sunday afternooif, Oct. "27th. when Quyon young people took complete charge of the service, under the the direction of Rev. Dalton Bishop, Pastor.
Freda Lusk, Donald Burden and Merritt Steele gave talks, theii subjects being, respectively : “Are Young People Interested in Religion ?/ “What Young People Get Out of Religion," and “What Young People should offer Religion”
Phone 8 I.
—Dis
Hud
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE
PLATEAU 63 8 8
36 inches wide. Silk Net. nice patterns. Ecru.
Per yard...
35c and 45c
••••••
Semi Annual Meeting of Pontiac Women’s Institutes
Bristol Busy Bee Institute Hold Meeting In Shawville
D%. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherim# Street. West MONTREAL, QUE/
Othei young people taking part in the service were Jean Davis, Gwen Taber and Lloyd Header-Sadie Steele presided at the organ and Choir seats were occupied by the rest of the young people. Beth Taber and Lois Boland sang “The Stranger of G.illi-
o
The semi annual meeting of Wo-s Institutes of Pontiac County
The October meeting of the Bristol Busy Bee institute whs held at the home of Mrs. Arthur Hodgins on Friday afternoon Oct. 18th, eleven members and three visitors being present The Pres. Mrs. Findlay, presided at thi-
Meeting opened by sing
was held in the United Church, Stark’s Corners, on Wednesday, with the president, Mrs. W. J. Murray, in the chair, assisted by the secretary treasurer, Miss Abbie Pritchard.
Representatives were present from Shawville. Wyman, Elmside, Clarendon, Bristol and Starks
Corners.	„ „	,
Reports of the W. I. exhibits and the tea room at Shawville Fair, and the Farm and Home Beautification Endeavor given, and plans for the i work were heaid in the conveners’ outlines The Farm and Beautification Endeavor will be carried entries to be in by November
15th of this year.	,
As a memorial to the late Miss S. J. Armstrong, an invalid chair * has been placed in the Pontiac Community Hospital, Shawville, by the Women s , Institutes of Pontiac County. It was through the efforts of Miss Armstrong that the first Women’s Institutes were organized in Pontiac, and she was in turn the first County President, and the first Provincial President. She had the honor of being the first life member of the F.W.I C.
\ money donation will be made to the Red Cross Society, while another sum will be invested in War Saving Stamps. The W. I exhibits at Shawville Fair in 1W1 will be made "up of Red Cross
^An*efTort will be made to have Mrs Watt. A.C W.W president, who is in Canada at present, address a public meeting shortly.
An invitation extended by the Elmside branch for Annual Meet ing in May was accepted.
A hearty vote of thanks was given the members of the Stark s Corners branch who had so ho* pit" ably entertained the Convention.
Extra Wide, Heavy Silk Net, Ecru, per yard GOC
Celenese Net
son
75c
If
• 4
4 4
«I
M
BELAIR 3 267
lee
meeting	,
ing the “ Ode and repeating the
" Creed " in unison.
Roll call was responded to by “A Quebec Law I would
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
« * ”
Dr. Robert Laird, Noted Church man Dies At Toronto
Toronto. Oct 25, — Dr. Robert Laird, treasurer of the United Church of Canada since its establishment in 1926 died here tonight He was sixty years old
Dr Laird had been active in the affairs of both the Presbyterian and United Churches and pre viously had been treasurer of the Presbyterian Church before Union.
Born in Malpeque, PEI, Dr. Laird was educated at Pic toil Academy, Pictou, N S., Kingston Col legiate Institute and Queen’s University, Kingston, Ont. He also attended tbe University of Berlin.
He was ordained in the Presbyterian Church Oct. 1, 1895, and his first charge was in St Andrew’s church, Campbell ford, Ont. Later he was minister at the First church Brockville Ont., and St. Johns church, Vancouver.
In 1905 Dr. Laird was appointed financial agent and professor of practical theology at Queen s Uni versity, Kingston, Out., a position he held until 1913 when he became secretary of the board of finance of the Presbyterian church in Can ada. He filled that position during the next seven years and in addition was secretary and organizer of the forward movement of the 1918-20.
Dr Laird became treasurer of the church in 1920 and continued in that position in the United Church after 1920.
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL AMTS BUILDING
New, Cries Cross Frilled Curtains,
Colour White or Cream. Per pair
naming like changed.
Minutes of previous were read and adopted.
Miss Beatrice Armstrong wa-chosen delegate to the semi-amnia convention at Starks Corners on Wednesday, October 23rd.
Plans were made to make a piec ed print quilt, and to «end a treai of candy to one of the formel members who is ill.
It was decided to change tip time of meetings from the third Friday of the month to the third Thursday at 8 00 o’clock.
Mr Rowat, Notary, of Shawville
instviuftive address on America Act "
81.50
were
season's
1 80 METCALFE STREET
ONT
OTTAWA.
O
RHO E, 2-7961
on
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA. ONTARIO
Embroidered, Cottage Sets,
Colour, White with Green or White with Blue
Per pair
81.75
i
SCIENTIflC Etc EXAMINA HONS
Specialists on all Visual and Mueoulai'Eye Defect
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist
o
gave a very The North
Eleven sick call reported and the meeting closed by singing “Goo
Save the King."
Dainty refreshments were serv ed by the hostess who was assisted Miss Joan Macfarlane
Stair Pads, Curtain Rods, Bed Castors,
Window Shades
Reg. Optometrist

Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
by
Notice of Meeting
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
. Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d
The annual Meeting of Clarendon Dairy Company will he held at the Factory, Starks Corner?, on Thursday,
¦pMflHjj| i. Parti*
wishing to have stock transferred ma> do so at this meeting.
Octobei 31sts at 7.30 p. m
Quebec
Shawville
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
L. A, SMART,
Pres-dent
%
###PAGE###2###
Goes to Washington
During the week the Prime Minister announced that the House of Gommons when it reconvened November 6 would be allowed a debate on International affairs ... the Government created a Pacific Coast Command under Major-General Alexander to co-ordinate west coast defenses in the face of the greater Japanese menace ... It was
steps were being taken Jointly by Canada and the United States toward construction of the International section of the St. Lawrence seaway, to assure adequate power for defense production in both countries . . . Government circles expressed confidence that there would be a big Increase, perhaps of forty per cent, in the amount of bacon purchased here by Great Britain, although the price might fall thereby . . . representatives from every province came to Ottawa to co-ordinate Canada's drive for more tourists . . .
ean . . . Germany cannot overlook the fact that the Russian Air Force would be in a position to batter at the Rumanian oilfield* from many close-up bases if present tension results in Russo-
Rumanian hostilities. Even an anti-Axis attitude of watchful waiting on Russia’s part would free Turkey to invite British help in repelling a German invasion”).
30,000 Young Canadians Called Up for Military Training
Saving Ontario’s Natural Resources






mm
a!
NO. 13
LARGE MOUTH BASS
While the small mouth black bass is the fish that most anglers want to catch there is another bass in our waters that is sought by many. In fact, some anglers prefer the large mouth black bass and others do not distinguish between the two, lumping them all as bass. However, there are two kinds, each living in its own habitat and each readily recognized once the identifying features are known.
The large mouth bass likes marshy lakes and slow-flowing rivers It prefers warmer waters than does the small mouth, being found through to Florida and Lousiana, it is typically a fish of the lakes, frequenting the •oft-bottomed portions where there is a large amount of aquatic vegetation, stumps, logs and brush. I have taken them in numbers in the Rideau canal above Kingston, where the old stumps of the drowned lands stick above tile water, and I have taken them in the shore swamps and the little lily-pond lakes of the Georgian Bay region.
THEY EAT SMALL FISH
This bass clears a spawning bed over the roots of the vegetation and here the female deposits her eggs when she is driven ever the nest by the male. He guards the bed and keeps the water in circulation with his fins, sweeping away the sediment until the eggs are hatched. Then be accompanies the swarm of tiny bass for several weeks, protecting them against the ravages of larger fish.
For the first few weeks of life these bass live on the minute water fleas but when they reach s length of an inch they turn to other tiny fish for their food. The adult large mouth eats fishes almost exclusively, though they have been known to take frogs, snakes and other water creatures. In the Rideau waters I have observed this species considerably, they feed on sunfish to a great extent I have taken a bluegill as large as the palm of my hand from an old timer that I caught near Washburn.
We can best conserve these fish by protecting the adults until after July 1st in our waters.
I have often thought that we should not fish at all before this date, for even if we put back the bass we may catch when we are after sunfish and crappies, we are disturbing the nests, allowing hungry enemies to make •way with the young fry. When this happens many times in a season the future supply of bass may be endangered.
announced that Immediate
à
Russia’s Alternatives
:* j
Russ a, on the other hand, had three alternatives: she could encourage Turkey to resist and offer her all aid short of war; she could divide Turkey and the other Balkan states with Germany taking the half she v anted; or she could counter-invade Rumania at the risk of war with Germany. (The Soviet Army publication Red Star declared that Russia’s armies must be k^pt in
“constant mobilized preparedness” because of the “tense international situation”).




V

a*.-

I

-,
1












» 4.I.C.,
Who has been appointed Military Attache to the Canadian Legation in Washington. Before his appointment to the new post, Col. Letscn was Commandant of the Vancouver Area.
H. S. G. LETSw
L kj
a—a
$ $
VOICE
New Nazi Strategy
Authoritative circles in London last week said that Hitler's latest plan seemed to be: to deliver the main punch into Mussolini’s faltering invasion of Egypt (a telling blow had been
dealt the Italian fleet in the Mediterranean by the British cruiser, Ajax, which sank three destroyers in a victorious naval angage-ment) ; to harrass the British Isles with raiders as often and as powerfully as the weather and
British defenses permitted; to attempt to weaken the flood of war materials from the United States to Britain by getting the United States embroiled in war with Japan.
“Time” Newsmagazine, October 14, said: “It seemed certain last week that the war’s centre of gravity was tending south; that Germany would soon play some taking cards in the Mediterranean area. The worst that oould happen would be everything at once: invasion of Britain, a Spanish-based blow at Gibraltar, a Germansupported Blitzkrieg across Egypt to the Suez Canal, an Italian drive down the Nile, turbulence in the Balkans and a diversion through Turkey, blasts here and there at Perim, Dakar, pertiaps at Singapore with the help of the eager little Japanese.”

OF THE
PRESS


Four-Legged Whales
FARMERS’ INCOME
It Is reported that 1,000 farmers In Canada pay Income tax. Well, things are better than most of us thought.
As 30,000 young Canadians answered the call to military training under the government’s compulsory military training scheme, this group of musically-inclined trainees were pictured en route to their new camp in the Toronto area.
The whale is a mammal, not a fish. This is proved by the hairs round the muzzle
fish can possess—and also by the fact that its paddle is quite unlike the fin of a fish; indeed its more like the human hand with rows of bones like those of our
fingers and thumbs. At one time whales had four legs, but gradually the hind two disappeared completely and the front one» turned into paddles.
—Fort Brie Tlmes-Revlew.
something
no
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events
DATE FOR A PLOT
Premier King announce* that Parliament, called to assemble on November 6, will at once adjourn until January. We trust recent Indications of renewed activity by the Conservative party have not Inspired suspicion of a Guy Fawkes plot.
Will Russian Moves Stop Hitler’s Drive To East?

—Woodstock Sentinel-Review.
that Bulgaria was rapidly going Nazi; that Turkey and Ruasia were near agreement on a military alliance to oppose the Axis in the Near East.
Whether these reports were to be given credence or not, on»
thing was becoming increasingly obvious—that the non-agression pact between Germany and the Soviet Union soon might not be worth the paper it was written on, now that Hktler had, In hi»
march to the Black Sea, openly flouted Stalin.
Germany Takes Risks
Would it come to war between the two countries? In the opinion of this column It would not Germany on the one hand, could not afford to take on another major power at such a moment In the Battle of Britain. (Associated Press’ Kirke L. Simpson expressed the opinion that “while any
doubt of Russia’s attitude exists, the Axis mates dare risk no aggressive push eastward from the Balkans to threaten Britain’s hold on the eastern Mediterran-
Large concentrations of German and Russian troops faced each other across the Danube last week near the Rumanian port of Galatz as one of the tensest situations yet to develop during the war neared its crisis. Germany feared bombing by Britons, or Russians, of Rumanian oil fields ; Moscow felt increasing alarm over reported German plans for a Near East drive across the Dardanelles; Turkey and the other Balkan States, Bulgaria, Greece and Yugoslavia, trembled at the fate that would be theirs when next Germany and Italy decided to march.
HAUGHTY JUDGES
A prominent Toronto citizen complains that he was refused entry into an elevator In the City Hall there because It happened to be occupied by a Justice of the Supreme Court of Ontario and his escort. It may have been the same Judge who refused to ride In the motor car which the sheriff had provided for him because he did not consider Its appearance matched his dignity. Some of our Judges take themselves altogether too ser-
AïAfa BEEHIVE
ÆS%\
9
. •
ns
e
h
iously.
To End War This Year?
It was by no means certain that Adolf Hitler had abandoned his plans to Invade the British Isles. Total air war against the British people had already begun, and If Hitler were, as most experts believed, making one grand effort to win the war this year, the invasion attempt would have to came before winter closed down.
Roosevelt Defies Axis Was Hitler not afraid of the entrance Into the war of Britain’s non-belligerent ally, the United States? He might have decided, as the Kaiser did, that America’s participation, owing to lack of preparedness, would have small effect. But what would he make of the transfer of U. S. “flying fortresses” to Britain, plus torpedo boats plus financial aid for London? Did he think the elections would hold the U. S. back? Perhaps it was a question of “now or never” with Hitler.
In a momentous speech at Dayton, Ohio, last week, President Roosevelt defied the three powers, Germany, Italy and Japan. He pledged & total defense for the Americas, and announced in the boldest terms continued support for Great Britain.
Far East Naval Bases As part of its “stop Hitler” program the Administration at Washington was working to secure naval and airbase facilities in South America . . as part of a 4 stop Japan” program, U. S. diplomats were believed to be negotiating with Britain for a string of Far Eastern naval bases from New Zealand to Singapore, In exchange
for further war aid.
• • •
Playing Politics?
A three-day sensation was created in Canada by the Charlottetown speech of Conservative House Leader R. B. Hanson who let slip the secret information that 10,000 more R. A. F. men (aside from the Com monwealth Air Training Plan) were on their way to Canada. Premier King was outraged and quite a storm blew up over the incident.
Canada’s Week
Brockvtlle Recorder and Times.
WOMEN ON THE JURY
Admission of women to Jury
duty in Ontario la favored by the Attorney General and In this Mr. Conant will likely find general support. They are not many valid reason# why women should not perform this duty and there are many good reasons for their doing to. Serving on Juries Is one of the responsibilities that goes with the franchise, and since women In Ontario secured the right to vote in 1917 It Is time that the question of Jury duty was favorably settled.
—Toronto Star.
Hitler Flouts Stalin?
It was difficult to gauge from this distance exactly what was happening in the Blade Sea and the eastern Mediterranean. Ru-
SB
till'
t;
i
mors flew thick and fast: that Russia was quietly seizing the Danube ports; that Britain, Russia, Turkey and Greece were joining together to stop further German penetration eastward ;


ii
9
Major Warfare Looms in Africa
V
;


ORAN
LIFE'S LIKE THAT
By Fred Ne!ier



&
s
SCOUTING . .


%
5%
ALflKIA
I
»
y
%
The Boy Scouts of Canada have been given a new wartime service job. This Is the collecting of used medicine bottles to augment the •applies at military hospitals. The collection Is being made at the request of Lt.-Col. J. S. Jenkins of the Royal Canadian Army Medical Corps, at Ottawa. Many thousands of bottles already have been collected at Saint John, N.B., London, Ont., Calgary, and Victoria, B.C.
When a train was* wrecked near Blue River, B.C., and a number of soldiers and others Injured, two Boy Scout passengers were promptly on the Job rendering first aid. The boys, Scouts Jerry Aamussen and “Scotty” Buchanan of North Bat tie ford, Sask., were themselves slightly injured, but this did not prevent them going at once to the aid of their fellow travelers.
%
%

H
fVUÏ
*
y

/A
ip

;

©v
adenB,

// //Z y
%
z
%
%
5^r sAMtt
nivei WIST AMUCA
///
^y/
A ^
0
//


È
DAKAR

I
SUP AN
I
©
3
NfOIJUA
i
M.?
CJt

•?
ITALIAN
V aMuca

*

z
/
3

+55%+*#*** 4»#+.*+*#$
KENYA
«

RUg.MA»
• SLSIAN • ON#»
it?
*
'wt


V

\ '•: :- 'Z- <
m souTfm
ATLANTA
m^ocmm
i'
LÎ

0
AWSOIA
##

*
** ?
ï
gy..
r
a
4/






r

*?3
APfJCA


r/.
s'/xr#
;:
» M >? •
8k

SKS

^ y

m*
HS

%%

-
"
m
Bill

mi
4


KToWthKaA



m*nft
500	1000
#
$

c. //,
(
That the Boy Scout Association does a bigger work at less expense than that of any other organization was the declaration of Mayor Morrison of Hamilton, Ont., at a meeting of the Hamilton Board of Control at which the co-ordination of all local social services was discussed. Said the Mayor, “In my opinion the Boy Scouts are doing a bigger and better work than any other organization, and at less expense.”
Mil

u
-
¦
wy
v-
4,
<w*t
X*
////^
\ ^
The clouds of major warfare which have been hovering over Africa for several weeks are quickly lowering as General Maxime Weygand (1) is busily engaged in attempting to solidify the French colonies on the side of the Vichy government. General Charles do Gaulle who landed at Duala (2) and taken over Cameroons for Free France is likewise engaged. With the Italians stalled at Sidi Barrani (3) the British have bombed the Italian base at Tobruk. They also bombed the Assab and Djibuti-Addis Ababa railway (4). The Italians retaliated by raiding Aden (6). The island of Madagascar, which has thrown in its lot with the Vichy government, is being blockaded by the British navy (6).
%
»
Qc
has
#
X
# / - //

(CepTneht, 1838, by Fred *
“We'll take your old car and you pay the rest just like alimony ! 1"

$

By GENE BYRNES
One Side, Please
REG’LAR FELLERS
In connection with the news of fighting and air raids along the borders of Kenya Colony In Bast Africa there has been some con-regarding the safety of Lord
RTAlriV	•( I LOST A ÇUARTER UP ON
MAT IS 1	M PINEAPPLE AVENOO AN'
\%\k? J*	^ IM OFFERIN’ A REWARD-

WE MOST CERTAIN'Y Fl DO, ClR / WHAT IS Mj^iT YOU WISH?
M DO YOU FELLERS ElIU Iff) TAKE ADS IN f\ If | H TOUR PAPER f J /
'rirrJ;
W6LAR
FFU.ERS
Valette
• V
\>
¦ >
hm

corn
and Lady Baden-Powell.^the World Chief Scout and Chief Guide, in retirement on their ranch near Nairobi. Answering this question In a recent issue, the magazine “The Scout” states: “Kenya is an
stretch of territory, and the Chief is residing in the south of the Colony he Is hundreds of mile# from the scene of fighting. The Chief is in good health, and we are receiving copy and sketches for his page regularly.”
/



Cl
?
m

X
I

A e
V


--f!

m
1#
5WISH
1
r a
m
n
# #
A.
Ibr
enormous
%
AI A
•l •
HI


%
a* *" ~
r


A %
»
M
~J. PUfiAN
editter
• •

R8

%
Greece owns the largest fleet of tramp steamers, after Great Brit-


r.%*
aln.

###PAGE###3###
good pleasure to spend a Hallowe’en in old England staying at Shrewsbury at "The Raven”
setting seemed perfect, England with her history and tradition, her village life, a dark dismal day it was, with flickering candles —one could imagine fairies and witches popping fr m every corner, with a few howling cats, bats and goblins too. So in these days of sadness and apprehension let’s help to keep the youthful spirit alive, that they may build a character to face the future full of optimism and cheer possessed by all true British subjects.
T
T

like knives, keen with mortal V**-choking out as brutal hands gripped her throat. But she had
f mm that is
%
was
Hit fa
roi

A
A
v
r MSB OJ0V«¥
ïàiïUml run-
^ Hr njkvauato
the village inn
The
v
% I
done it—
/

L
B
"Help! Lee! Lee!"
From the far side of the ridge
K-
¦¦c v>
K
L
answering yells came.
Slanty stopped only long enough to fling her from him as he leaped for shelter of the scrub.
A little later men were digging and scooping with anything they could find.
E
S
A
x
%
I,
/
*?•*
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS


HERE’S TO HALLOWE’EN
Hallowe’en is coming and on that night of nights let us have a lot of fun. Right away I can hear some dissenting voices, for a day or so ago whilst admiring some Hallowe’en decorations in a store window, I overheard the remarks "we should have none of these frolics this year”—and right here I am going to answer back with the reply: "We certainly should have all the gaiety possible.”
This is children’s and youth’s night, and who of the older folks does not like to be in all the proceedings? Then we will have others listening in, we have our little English visitors anticipating our celebration of the witches’ night. Some years ago it was my
$
*
iX.I
I
I
SMALL
LEAF
A DEAD MAN RISEN That night a group of men rode into Turkey Gulch toward the light of a campfire, carrying
On the
other side of the fire a man was being lifted to his feet. A ghostly figure, swatched in bandages, gaunt and hollow-eyed. A dead
i
m
%
prisoner with them
TREAT THE BOYS
a
Whether a family supper buffet luncheon or a lunch for the kiddies, these recipes should solve the problem.
a
TO HEALTHFUL,
REFRESHING
HILLS of DESTINY
Scalloped Salmon
man risen.
"That’s the man,” said Lee
"Lawler didn’t have
WRIGLEY’S P.K.
1	pound salmon
2	cups medium white sauce % teasp. salt
Va teasp. pepper Va cup diced bacon Vt tsp. chopped parsley 1 teasp. chopped onion
Remove the skin from the salmon, retain the liquid and crush and add the bones; flake the salmon coarsely and add with liquid and crushed bones to white sauce. Season to taste with salt, pepper, scraped çnion and parsley. Place a layer of breadcrumb* in a greased baking dish and add half fish mixture; sprinkle with bacon and add second layer of crumbs.
Hollister anything to do with it.”
There was a stir toward Slanty, but Lee had not finished
low, but they heard it.
"First I’ll take that knife you were using, bat/x there in the Bonanza tunnel.”
The knife had been taken away from Slanty, but someone produced it and handed it over.
“Open it.”
Curly complied, showing two
One of
by Agnes Louise Provost
Get several cartons of Wrlgley'# P.K. today—or an assorted box of 20 cartons. Include several packages in your Overseas parcels. P.K. helps relieve tension and fatigue. 12 delicious candy-coated P.K. in each 51 carton.
His
voice was
Josef a Ramirez, who Is jealous of Lee's interest in Virginia, dances for Lee and throws herself into his arms just as Virginia ridei past with Stanley. Stanley visits Josofa, and is shot from ambush. Virginia becomes jealous of Lee and sells the ranch to Milton Bradish. Lee proposes to Virginia and she is sorry she sold the ranch. Lee tries to get it back and tells Bradish that Mall Blair gave him a half interest in it, making Virginia's sale illegal. Lee disappears and a search is begun for him. Virginia, riding alone, examines the caved-in Bonanza, and suddenly sees a human hand protruding through the earth.
Synopsis
Lee Hollister returns unexpectedly from a trip abroad to find Matt Blair, his foster father and owner of the Circle V ranch, dead by his own hand. The ranch is going to ruin and Matt's daughter, Virginia, now owner of the ranch, is living in New York with the Archers, her aunt and uncle. Her uncle wants her to sell the ranch to Milton Bradish, one time Matt's associate. Lee persuades Virginia to return to the ranch. Her aunt follows her, accompanied by Stanley, son of Milton Bradish. Stanley tries to discredit Lee in Virginia's eyes. One evening,
|gf0s5<

TRIM TOPPERS
For Your Skirts and Jumpers
wicked looking blades them as broken at the tip. Fran-
helping Lee take a bit
~rLMUCI°Ut-

C]«co was ,
of folded paper from his pocket and opening it to show a triangular bit of metal. Curly laid the against the broken blade.
Slanty moistened

>y
add remaining solution, cover with rest of crumbs and bacon. Bake in moderate oven until crumbs are browned.

Dictatorship Seen In Stars
sevap
It fitted

i
his lips.
AN ACCUSATION OF MURDER
"Slanty Gano, I accuse you of the murder of Matt Blair.”
A murmur ran through the group like a low growl, but Lee went on.
"I never believed that Matt committed suicide. When I came back I found that knife point, nearly hidden in a crack in the drawer of the desk where Matt worked.
Lee swayed, fighting weakness, but his tired voice went on.
"You shot Matt Blair as he lay a leep in his chair, with everybody gone to the barbecue, and then ycu fired a gun shot from his own gun and dropped it beside him.
"Now, Slanty, we’ll hear your confession.”
"Confess nothin’! What about the fella that’s been paying me? Ye don’t dare go after him, Lee Hollister!”
"I'm going after him now, ' said Lee, and sagged suddenly between the men who held him.
A little later two processions left. One, silent and unsmiling, went toward the county seat. The other, with strong and gentle hands, carried Lee to the ranch house and Virginia, who waited for him.
Through the rest of the night Lee lay in the heavy sleep of weakness, barely rousing when the doctor came or when cups of strong hot broth were fed to
S 1
a

Ginger Shortbread
11-3 cups pastry flour 2 teaspoons baking powder \ teaspoon ground ginger Va teaspoon salt *
8 tablespoons butter 2-3 cup brown sugar
1	egg yolk
Measure all dry ingredients and sift. Cream butter and blend in gradually the brown sugar. Beat and add egg yolk. Gradually work in flour mixture to make a soft dough, which may be handled in the floured-portion of the hands. Shape as balls the size of walnuts. Place one inch apart on a greased pan. Flatten with the floured tines of a fork. Bake 7 minutes in a hot oven.
Chocolate Fudge
2	ounces unsweetened chocolate
1	cup rich milk
1	cup granulated sugar
2-3	cup brown sugar
Pinch salt
2	tablespoons butter
1	teaspoon vanilla
1	cup pecans
Cream Nut Fudge
2	cups brown sugar
1	cup thick sour cream
pinch salt
1	teasp. pure vanilla
Vi	cup walnuts.
Stir sugar, sour cream and salt over low heat until sugar dissolves. Cover; bring to boil and cook for 3 minutes. Uncover and stir only to prevent burning. When a few drops will form a soft ball in cold water, cool partially, add vanilla, beat until mixture begins to thicken. Add nuts and beat until thick and creamy. Turn quickly with greased pan. Cut in squares.
„ /
Astronomer Says the Large Systems 'Capture' Small One# Out in Space
*
J
CHAPTER XXV
"Lee! Lee! It's Virginia! I'm coming.”
Her piercing call beat at the solid barrier as she began to dig frantically, but a few seconds showed her helplessness. She jumped to her feet and ra*i fleetly back to the entrance, remembering those riding men.
"Ssst!”
The warning- sibilance brought her up sharply, almost at the tunnel's mouth. There was a rustle in the scrub out there and Slanty Gano lurched through.
"Shut up!” he said savagely.
She backed hastily away, sick with a new terror. Slanty Gano knew that Lee was back there, and he meant to kill her if she gave an alarm. Huge paws caught and dragged her, hot breath was on her neck as she twisted her head away for the one sure thing that would bring those riding merv* at top speed, a woman's frantic screams.
They ripped through the air
I
I
i
Dr. Erik Holmberg advances a theory that just as large countries are taking over smaller one» in Europe, so large star systems far out in space are "capturing” smaller ones and forming double and multiple nebulae.
Astronomers are trying to determine whether the universe is stationary or, as some contend, is expanding at an explosive rate which eventually would bring its destruction.
Dr. Holmberg reported that several of the results of his investigation "furnish strong support for the assumption of a stationary nebular universe.”
V
Pi
m
%

a*
I
7
7j
/
?
r.

\
%
#
>2.52 SENDS 1,000
"BRITISH CONSOLS” "EXPORT" or"LEGION" Cigarettes
to any single Military Address Overseas
SOLDIERS IN
CANADIAN ACTIVE SERVICE FORCE UNITS ONLY (Postpaid)
Mail Order and Remittance to: —
Overseas Dept, W. C. MACDONALD, INC, Box 1929, Place d Armes, Montreal, Canada
Oner subject limy chaniilit Giver Ament Retuiadew
;X
m
Si
s
s
READ ABOUT THE
•1
FREE
TA
A
1 3476
CHRISTMAS parcels should be mailed before November lOlti.
-X
XJ\M OFFER BELOW A-
siz.es /2-2o
1


I


By LOUISE LENNOX

Gay new blouses work wonders with your skirts and make your wardrobe seem to go twice as far. For mornings on the dressy side or afternoons, you’ll wear the trim double-breasted model to
Mr, Caffeine-Nerves Quits School
EDWARDSBURG
CROWN BRAND
ar
9c
«

bin
C
1

make your waist the tiniest ever. White pearl buttons would be effective

>.
Others tiptoed in and out. A little after midnight Curly and Francisco came in.
Curly bent down and cautiously slid a flat packet under the pillow
him about it, Miss V’ginia, as soon as he wakes up.”
IN MATT’S OFFICE
Toward morning news came. Slanty Gano, desperate, had taken the desperate way out.
"Pretended he was dozin’ off,” the messenger said, "and then busted out like a crazy man. Grabbed a deppity’s gun, handcuffs and all, and went down shootin
Dawn found Lee awake, insisting that he was strong enough to get up. They let him sit up in bed first, and there he read the closely written sheets of the packet that Curly had brought the night before. They had been taken from Slanty Gano.
For some minutes after he had finished, he sat there looking bitter and tired. Then he roused himself and called Curly, hovering just outside the door.
"I’m ready. Get my clothes on me. I’ve got work to do.”
They awaited him in Matt’s office, summoned by Curly, one by one. Milton Bradish was there, vigilant and squared for any emergency; Stanley, alert and nervous but noting with relief that his car, commandeered the night before to get the doctor, was now in front of the door; T. Ellison Archer, looking flabby and scared, his vast dignity gone: Virginia was there as a matter of course, and also Joey.
(To be continued)
*
te*


or go patriotic and choose shiny brass ones. For the classroom or for casual days at home or in the country, the classic shirt is indispensable can wear it in or out—-and it’s particularly smart when made with long bishop sleeves.
Style No. 3476 is designed for sizes 12, 14, 16, 18 and 20. Size 16 requires 1 5-8 yards of 39-inch material for the doublebreasted blouse; 2% yards for long sleeved classic shirt.
Send Twenty Cents (Coin is preferred ) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your name, address and style number. Be sure to state size you wish.

/
"It’s Lee’s. Better tell
You
!
Mi»» Chamber» welcome» per sonal letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and is even ready to listen to your “pet peeves.” Requests for recipes or special
Address your letters to "Miss Sadie B. Chaîner», 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto.” Send stamped, self-addressed envelope if you wish a reply.
TEACHER : I’ve simply come to the end of my rope with	MR. CAFFEINE NERVES:
this class, Mr. Brown — They’re so unruly they're	*
i
IS
/
Published by the Canada Starch Home Ser-

)
vice Dept., headed by Mrs. Aitken, famous Cooking Authority, ie a valuable Booklet entitled “52 Desserts". Wilt? for your 1’PIiB copy now enclosing a Crown Brand !!**•’. Canada Starch Homo Service Dept. 4N 40 Wellington Street East, Toronto.
/
I
9-
d
m
» tf
&
vV
1ASTES gty


</

now — It's just that your nerves
PRINCIPAL: Now arc upset—I had the same trouble and found it was caused by drinking too much tea and coffee. Switching to Postum fixed me up!
MR. CAFFEINE-NERVES:
Pipe down, Brown — this is à school, not a hospital!
m
"tf

y*
&

\

4
i
***** TAKING
30 PAYS £J9T£*-
Al»AY% BE6V)V^
I #
i
'
A 6000 START FOR EVERY DAY
3&WAU-BRAN
IN MUFFINS OR AS A CEREAL!
%

\
¦R
• Make it a health rule to start the day right with Kellogg’s All-Bran for breakfast every morning. Served in crispy-brown muffins or as a cereal—it’s such a pleasant, easy way to supply the "bulk" so many people need to keep "regular." All-Bran adds healthful vitamin Bi for intestinal tonic, too. Instead of relying on harsh purgatives, try preventing common constipation, due to lack of bulk in the intestines. Get Kellogg’s All-Bran at your grocer’s —today! Made by Kellogg's in London, Canada.

MR. CAFFEINE NERVES:
School's out for me! — Postuni and caffeine-nerves just don't get along!
TEACHER: Thanks indeed for telling me about Postum, Mr. Brown. I’ve been drinking it regularly and the things I worried about a month ago seem silly now!
sw
HAW 6

I
»
# Many people can safely drink tea and coffee. Many others — and all children — should never drink them. If you are one of these, try Postum’s 30-day test. Buy Postum and drink it instead of tea and coffee for one month. Then,
Crowned Heads
I'WO

The last Queen of independent Bohemia was an Englishwoman, Princess Elizabeth, daughter of Janies I. Nearly every crowned head in Europe to-day is descended from her.

b


if you do not feel better, return the container top to General Foods, Limited, Cobourg, Ontario, and we’ll gladly refund full purchase price, plus postage. Postum is delicious, economical, easy to prepare, and contains no caffeine.
ÛHUiinaUlM. fc,
mn ••	•*'«'•«» Ml M
i
There’s « Muffin recipe printed on every package of Kellogg’e all-mam

Buy Wet Sevmgm Certificate»
Af
GET YOUR OUNCE OF PREVENTION EVERY DAY
**»
ISSUE 43—’40



u

HtNl
###PAGE###4###

I
amount of cleaned eider-down that hp has collected and what disposition he has made of it
Thus Canada again furnishes new sources of raw material with which to replace supplies hitherto received in pait from a country now under German control. The expansion of the eiderdown industry in the far flung coastal areas of Northern Canada will materially assist in broadening the basis of subsistence for the native population in Premier King indicates way will I this region and is, therefore, similar in be open for full debate on war effort character to the reindeer industry. It when Parliament sits on Nov. 7. Leg will, at the same time, serve as a con-islators will meet on November 5th but servation measure not only for the hider-House will be prorogued after brief ! ducks, but for other wild creatures on sitting to make way for new discussions. I the eider down production areas be-2—Defence Minister Hon. J. L Ral- cause any shooting there would tend to ston, on first inspection of camp for | disturb the Eiders and -perhaps drive trainees called up under National Res-1 them away entirely.
Mobilization Act, is enthusiastic
THE EQUITY
SHAWVILLE, OCT. 31, 1940
\
\
Hodgins Garage
\
Winter Egg Production
\
s
\
\
CANADA’S WAR EFFORT

\
X
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
A Weekly Review of Develop
Home Front

Chevrolet
Sales

meats on the
9
\
October 17—24

1----
%
• •
***+<>**
Winter egg production can easily
J£
<
be maintained by starting your
Eades’ Eggslent
9
laying birds
Laying Mash or Shur-Gain Laying Mash now and feeding to your "bird untill Spring.
on
Miss these real
i
Buys in Dependable
ources
EsEEiîïïEi/Ei km
be better men
3—Canadian Army orders 6,000 skiis for winter training of soldiers in tatics ing so successfully used in Finland. ,
Young farmers whose military train-postponed in October in order
*u ouuvcooiu.i u.vu ........... Al-lnot to take them away from the Fall
though "o 'actual”” skii formations are ploughing and other work will get the
^,di" "" f *".0"d ÿjiï. t SSSUSSiSSti
of their'later utilization for eral L. R. LaFler.he, associate Deputy
Minister of Nationl War Services, an
appointments nounced Sunday night.
uuvom v	_7_.l__] General LaFleche said in a statement
Defence”" Brigadier f7r. Phelan sue- that instructions h,ive been sent to div-eeeds Major General E. W. Samsom as isional registrars of national war services Deputy Adjutant General at Canadian boards acioss Canada to mail out not-Hetduuarters in London. Major Gen- ices immediately calling up men for the eral C. F. Constantine becomes District second training period starting Nov. 22.
uiui>uu.h	____ L... - Notices will be sent to single men or
—{'Z R Nash named childless widowers in the 21 - year - old
i not called for the first
training period and to 22 - year -In some administrative divisions a
old men
For those who have an abundance of grains and wish to mix their own Laying Mash, we carry a complete stock of Shur Gain Protein Concentrates
for laying hens.
was
Used (Bars
to use them largely in a recreational way with view	I
wartime purposes.
4—Import «nt arniy announced by Minister of National
Defence.
and Trucks
If you are fattening poultry for market, Shur
birds that
Gain Fattening March will give your milk fed grade a finish at a surprisingly low cost.
One—1938 —Chevrolet Sedan
One—1939—Pontiac Sedan
One—1934 -Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
Demonstrations Gladly Given on Request Call today and beat the high price
Officer Commanding of M.D. No. 2
( Toronto )w —	, ,
Deputy Adjutant General at Head-1 class who were
quarters in Ottawa.
5—	More R. A. F. officers and men In some administrative di
arrive at East Coast port for instruction small number of 23 - year -in Canada under CDmmonwealth Air will be called after the younger age Training Plan.	groups have been exhausted,
6—	First group of air crew students The notices will direct the men to re-
BlpiE|iSSS|i|si
V H0We* —	1	1 adjourned.	both English and French, command-
ed the respect of the whole Mississippi valley and the rest of the country as well. The $10 note was the most common denomination printed. It bore the Roman numeral “X” and the Arabic numeral “10.” But its chief distinction was the fact that on the bill was printed, amid other lettering in French, the French word “dix,” meaning ten.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., RED'D.
olds.
!
J. L. HUDGINS
X
X
X
Phone 64-J.
X
X
X


r
ASTRAY
Astronomers Do ‘Looking’

With Camera, Says Doctor
This is going to break the hearts j on Friday night, Oct. 25th, two calves, of all the amateur astronomers who one white and one black and white, ever dreamed of glueing an eye to Information regarding their whereabouts the largest telescope in the world | will be thankfully received by and ferreting out comets, stars, suns and nebulae without number.
For it seems the scholarly gentlemen who work around the Mount Wilson, Calif., telescope, whose 100-inch mirror is tops at present, turn knobs and twist screws and fiddle
From the premises of the undersigned
THOS. MURPHY,
Charter», Que,
Phone 30—17.
FOR SERVICE
Jos. A. Stkblb Sec.-Treas.
Empress of Britain Lost
For Service—Yorkshire purebred hog. with gadgets—but practically never ! Apply to Russell Elliott, Charter», look through their huge instrument. | Phone 30—31.
That is the disillusioning word Dr.
Paul W. Merrill, member of the Mount Wilson observatory research I imported, staff, brings to the 1940 conference of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, held at the University of Washington.
“We don't spend any more time looking at the stars than the chemist does looking at the bottles on his shelf,” the astronomer said.
“In fact, the visitors to the observatory do more looking than we do.”
The observatory staff, Dr. Merrill explained, does most of its “looking” with the aid of cameras, because better work can be done and because the film can “see” farther into space than a human eye.
To tell the truth the observatory isn’t more than passingly interested in discovering new stars. They have enough trouble trying to find out about the ones they have now At the Mount Wilson station alone, more than 30,000 spectrograms of stars have been made with cam-
The Eider Down Industry Of Canada
The Empress of Britain, crack Can-
_	. v ..	, .1	..	. , adian luxury liner, blew up and sank
Commercialization of the nationa	aa!vage operations after a bomb-
resources of a country is often mimical at^ck by a lone Nazi plane Sat.,
to conservation. An exception to this ^ soib which fired the giant liner
rule is the treatment o American L bow to stern.
Eiders, which are actually receiving British warships rescued 599 of the I gull is of
additional protection through industrial 643 on8 on boar(j after they hid ness, without spot or mark of color, development. The growth of the Can- abandon(Vi the ship in lifeboats, some of Its legs and feet are black and its adian eider-down industry will undoubt-	were rendered useless by fire from beak is chiefly dark with a bright
eiBy result m an mcrease id the number incendiary bombs.	orange tip. Ivory gulls frequent
*5*1*1
SSSL te fia “Si SAS5B- «X “«£
bodies, statement.
I-
Purebred Yorkshire Boar, young Service fed $1 00.
Ivory Gull
The plumage of an adult ivory
a striking snowy white-
Apply to
Bkrt Hodgin*, Shawville, Que.
As there was then so much business with the Mississippi valley it became common for persons heading south into Louisiana on a trading expedition to remark that they would come back “with a pocketful of Dixies'.” From “Dixies” it was an easy step to “Dixie," and thus the South, particularly Louisiana, beca/ne known as “the land of Dixie.” or “Dixie Land.
Purebred Tam worth Hog, Service Fee $ l 00. Apply to
Kenneth Pi rip.,
R. 1 Shawville, Que.
American Youth Hostel Foimded by Two Teachers
In December, 1934, two American school teachers and scout leaders— Isabel and Monroe Smith—founded in their home town of Northfield, Mass hostel.
widely developed in Europe, it was a recreational venture whereby the American people could investigate their own country at little cost, by bicycling, hiking, horseback riding or sinking over carefully selected trails.
i >
•oft gray down from thiir own
This down is usually collected from	t .	.
each nest, on two occasions a few days Somewhere In France and apart. In some cases it has been found '	Here In Canada
profitable to gather down from a nest three times during incubation period.
When the mother duck has no more The talk had bean of hardships en down for her nest, she covers her eggs du red by Canadian farmers, when a with leaves or dead grass which seem to member of the group drew from his meet her requirements satisfactorily. pocket a letter and read it aloud. It Gathering the down does not, as one was written by the relative of one well-may suppose, disturb the mother bird known to all present and unfolded a unduly or cause her to abandon the tale [ of suffering indeed, how once Best. Among the thousands 'of nests peaceful homes in France were menaced in certain parts of Canada from which first the descent of frantic, famishing down has been removed during the in- refugees and then despoiled and de eubation period, there have been found defiled by the army of invasion lees than a dozen in which the eggs It told of flight southward, miles
of trudging without respite except when taking cover in ditches to escape bombs and bullets from the skies, then of the discovery that the enemy barred the way ahead and of having to retrace those weary steps toward what had once been home. But the enemy had been toere. What could not be carried away was smashed. Gone were all the trinkets and treasures of genger-ations. Sadder still, gone was freedom. There remained only the quest and instinct for food. That, said the reader, folding the letter, might cause Can ad ians to consider the inestimable value of liberty which is worth some sacrifice to retain.
the first American Youth Borowed from an idea
• l

By B. Leslie Emslie


eras.
Light from a single star is passed through a prism to make a spectrogram, Dr. Merrill explained.
once a spectrogram has been made, the observers have a star by the tail, Dr. Merrill explained. By studying the film, they know the chemical makeup of the star, its direction and speed.
*
Last week, American Youth Hostels, Inc., was beginning its sixth spring and summer season of operation. As it did so, statistics were produced to show how widely the movement had spread.
In 1935, the first full year of operation, there were only 35 hostels, all in New England. In 1939, there
d • c il» w y | were 209, in all sections of the coun-Benjamm franklin INot	try. In 1935, only 1,750 AYH passes
So Honest, Says Teacher were issued: last year, 1U46.
¦I*
rirar sraa vsss æ-ï-vb?
Pr°r™" Ab™"h’	prK," h™
*¦
Bancroft was known at that time to avh if. P8f '
be active as a British sov.	trips “broad.
of American youth hostelers who traveled abroad totaled 1,363.

And,
m


subsequently failed to hatch. It is safe lo conclude, therefore, that the gathering of down seldom, if ever, causes the incubating Eider to desert her nest or
prevents normal hatching of the young, provided that care is exercised in the handling of the eggs when the down is removed from the nest





%

m
wx::-V>Sjv-.v


>xw




*v





ll^AjraV

m

m
y/


mm&M
¦
,,, ^00

¦PH


48
toeswiT
Production of eider-down in Canada during 1939 was just under 150 pounds. While this quantity is small in comparison with the production of eider down in Scandanavian countries, nevertheless it represents a progressive increase over previous years. It takes about forty nests to yield one pound of thoroughly cleaned eider-down, to which the current price to the gatherers is $5 00. A production of more than half an ounce from a single nest would be regarded as exceptional.
The Eider-down industry of Canada
m under the close supervision of the Department of Mines rnd Resources Owners or lessees of suitable areas are furnished with a permit under the Migratory Birds Convention Act, authorizing them to collect, possess and sell eider-down taken from nests on the lands under their control. Officers of She Department insoect those areas from time to time to guard against possible abuse of the privileges given to mittees and also to co-operate active-with them to prevent poaching in
Each permittee is required lo report annually, in writing, to the (h Périment of Mines and Resources the

m










m
im

¦
'SNi#,':



Minutes of South Onslow School Board
VM
F

,	Oct. 15 th. 1940
Bristol School Commissioners met on above date, present Chairman Woods and Commissions Graham, Stewart and Walsh.
The minutes of last meeting were read and on motion of Comr. Walsh were adopted. D. A. Macfarlane appeared re. insurance on schools : Motion by Comm. T. P. Graham that we insure our elementary schools with the Sun Assurance Co. for $7050. Motion by Comr. Garabam that the Sec-Treas. advertize for tenders for wood for the schools : Tenders to be in by Nov. 9th, and wood to be delivered before April 1st, 1941.
Motion by Comr. Stewart that the



VMM/A
/

tx>
/
10

t

m


,
tit
<
She will Never Fight Against Freedom
A British speed boat passes by a French battleship in British waters. The battleship like the major part of the French Navy, is uow in British hands, and her power will never be used to fight against the freedom and peace for which her country once stood.
E
also sponsors hostel In 1936, the number
«#
###PAGE###5###
FOR SALE
ÿ
p
'è<è<à

The Equity
99
Cemetery Memorials
KAUFMAN Life Buoy Rubbers
One Spring and Fall Overcoat One Buffalo Kobe One Buggy and Cutter and a number of good books.
MRS. O. R. HORNER, Main Street, Shawville, Que-
fcfr
Bstabllahed 1883
PUBLlfllIBU KVMRY THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC

Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble
i
“The Standard of Quality ”
Made With Care — For Extra Wear
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
$1.60
• e
2.00
Get Our Prices Before Buying: Elsewhere
Agriculture Students Still Believe Old Superstitions
Public schools have failed to correct beliefs rooted in superstition, according to a study made at the Pennsylvania State college by Ray A. Kurtz, under the supervision of Dr. C. C. Peters, director of educational research.
Mr. Kurtz made the study by comparing the knowledge of 52 adult farmers with that of 56 future farmers enrolled in agricultural schools.
"In 22 questions based on superstition, agricultural students’ answers were wrong just as often as those of the farmers,” Mr. Kurtz said. "Of all the questions in the test, 9 of the 15 most frequently missed were based on superstition.”
About two-thirds of both groups still believed no one should eat ice cream and fish together, the results | showed. Another common observa! tion frequently missed by the students was the statement that strong drink makes one warm. Farmers were less often fooled by that one.
"The farmers knew more about j health and biology from practical observation,” Mr. Kurtz stated. "The students knew more about chemistry and physics. However, both groups expressed a desire for more agricultural training and more safety education.”
All arrears must be paid In full before any paper la discontinue
A large and distinctive Stock to choose from
The largest selection of Men’s, Women’s, Boys’ Youths’ and Children's High Crdo Bobbers, ever shown in the history of this store. Our Boot and Shoe Department has been greatly enlarged for the convenience of our customers. Space will not permit us to enumerate all the different lines, suffice to say that taking quality into consideration, our prices are within reach of everyone,
W. G. COWAN, PUBLISHER
Phone, 278
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
First Grade Pupils Know
First grade pupils know an avei-age of 23,750 words, according to tests made by Katherine Smith, a graduate student at Northwestern university. She tested vocabularies in three schools and in 12 grades and used the new vocabulary test devised by Dr. Robert H. Seashore, professor of psychology at the university
recently that his test indicated that -the average adult had a vocabulary of 155.000 words.
"The variability of scores within one grade is one of the striking characteristics of my results," she said. "In each school, the first and second graders knew more basic words than did the poorest student in every other grade level up to and including the eleventh grade.”
The Hodgins Lumber Co.
“ Men’s Gavar ”
Dr. Seashore announced
The super-quality Leather Toy for those who demand the best, tanned waterproof leather.
Selected full grain chrome
12 and 15 inch tops.
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
\
X
"Men’s Bruno”
Full-grain leather top. 12 and 15 inch top.
X
*
V
1
Women Top Film Editors
One more proof that women have as much sense as men, if not more, as is probably the case, is seen in the fact that top film editors at Paramount, Twentieth Century-Fox, Metro • Goldwyn - Mayer, Columbia and Cecil De Mille plants are all feminine. The reason for this is that a woman may have not only the same accurate idea of dramatic values as a man, but, in addition, a more emotional nature. This is invaluable in building up the sentimental side of the picture.
' As soon as the photography on a new picture is completed, the miles of celluloid are turned over to the film editor. The latter is necessarily one who has a wide knowledge of drama, literature, music and comedy, a feeling for rhythm and a sense of entertainment values. So the film editor takes the celluloid and cuts it down to the proper length. He must decide how much of each scene is to go into the finished picture and also the proper sequence of scenes. It is he who glues the pieces together into the play’s final form.
A lot of the success of any release depends upon the film editor, and women are more than holding their own in that difficult field.
x
“ Men’s Moose "
!
A leather top boot that is rapidly becoming a firm favourite.
Phone 27

Machine Fills Dam Cracks
Grand Coulee dam in the state of Washington, which has called into play hundreds of kinds of machines from delicate magnetometers to the world’s largest power shovels, now has a pumperete machine at work.
As might be imagined this apparatus pumps concrete into gaps in the giant structure that could not be filled otherwise, and it is being used at Grand Coulee to firmly cement the 18-foot steel penstocks liners into the 24-foot tunnels. There is no roopr | for machinery between the steel tubes and the walls, so the concrete is being forced in through pipes under pressure.
The pumperete machine at Grand Coulee delivers the concrete through a pipe 1,390 feet long, and it must deliver about 43,000 cubic yards of the mixture to seal the tunnels. The mixture used is fine, for the pipe is only eight inches in diameter and nobody wants the pipe to clog. Why? Well, a pipe clogged with 10 tons of concrete in restricted quarters might be difficult to clean out.
Eight cubic yards in a batch, about 60 cubic yards an hour is the capacity of the pumperete machine at the Coulee. The pipe calls for about 800 pounds pressure to keep the mixture moving.
THE H0DCIN8 LUMBER COMPANY
\
Men’s Triton”
a
Shawville,
Quebec
Black balmoral-cut lumberman with leather top attached. 15 inch top.
I
“ The Kippen ”
Black bottom moccasin vamp, solid heel, tan leather top, beaded bottom. Men’s in 12 and 15 inch tops ; Boys' in lO inch tops.
ESTABLISHED 1888
INVALID
COACH
“ The Trent "
GEORGE HYNES 8s SON
Black upper, balmoral cut. red sole, solid heel, 7 inch tops. In men’s, boys’ and youth’s.
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
“The Chippewa”
t
Phone 80
Salary for Wives?
The demand for adequate remuneration for wives nes oeen made often, and has always met with contempt—especially from husbands. Perhaps at first glance it does seem illogical to ask for more money for women who already have too much. But, apart from the vague idea of "personal freedom,” it is the idea of self-earned money which fascinates women.
, Why not? This country has made money its yardstick of personal worth, and why should wives be the only people excluded from trying to measure their value by it? A woman should be paid by her husband in proportion to her competence, and to the amount of work and responsibility she aisumes. In most cases 25 per cent of her husband's income would be fair.
This arrangement would offer a fair chance to all those misunderstood women who feel that early marriage and lack of self-expression have defied them business careers It would also give them a chance to decide how much they wanted to pay for their own laziness, or their desire for excessive entertainment. They would certainly not be forced to do work for which they genuinely had no talent.
I
Womens, Misses' and Child's black upper, bright finish.
MacLean’s
GROCERY SPECIALS
New Tax Load
The automobile industry may be faced with a new tax burden of $4,000,000 annually if a Colorado I precedent in applying chain store i taxes to auto dealers is followed in 1 other states, a nation-wide survey I by the magazine Automotive Retail-| er reveals.
Husband Too Sleepy So Wife Is Granted Divorce
Howard Deiley, marathon slum-berer of Chicago, refused to continue with medicine prescribed by a doctor to prevent day sleeping—so he lost his wife, daughter and home.
Reconciliation of Edna and Howard Deiley went on the roçks. Edna has gone back to mother and Howard has returned to Morpheus’ comfortable bosom.
When she sought a divorce Mrs. Deiley had only one complaint about Howard, to-wit :
"He sleeps all the time.”
The judge shrewdly suggested a medical examination. Sure enough a doctor found a glandular disturbance, prescribed some medicine,* and presto! Howard stayed awake, and Edna called off the divorce.
The judge frequently pointed to the Deiley reconciliation as one of his four-star achievements—until Edna came back in court with a tale of woe.
She planked down two bottles of medicine and said:
"Well, judge, it didn’t work. As soon as I went back to Howard, taking our four-year-old daughter, Donna, he refused to take any more of this medicine.
"He didn’t like the stuff, he said, and he did like sleep.
"Maybe you don't think day slubbering constitutes cruelty, your honor, but, believe me, it’s mighty embarrassing.
"We’d have guests in and start a uridge game and Howard would doze off before we even played a full game. I'd prepare a wonderful dinner—and he’d go to sleep in his chair before the soup course was enaed."
The court looked around for Howard. He wasn’t there. Edna said he was probably sleeping in their $5,000 home.
hands, decreed Edna could have her divorce.
RED & WHITE STORE
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves"
Old Hickory Salt. 10 pounds Velveeta Ch?ese, family size,
Kraft Dinner................
Choice Salt Pork Short Cuts, per lb Choice Quality Mincemeat, 2 lbs. ...
Peanut Butter, 2 lbs.............
Old English Liquid Wax...........
31 00
• •
ô9c
21c
174c
Lard,
Peanut Butter, 2 pounds Pork and Beans, sand baked 12c Tomatoes, large, 2 tins Libby's Tomato Juice, gallon 39c Soup Peas, 4 pounds Corn Meal, package Quaker Cornflakes, 3 pakg’s 21c Mixed Biscuits, fresh 2 lbs. 25c Smoked Bacon, sliced, per lb. 29c Cocoa Bulk, package
Red & White Baking Powder pk. 25c
10c
per pound
• • • • •
2JV -
25c
29c
49c
25c
i
I
25c
5c



Break Up That




I5c

0
Cold With


tm
ACETOPHEN
TABLETS

m

i
Virginia Buys Oyster Shells
Oyster shells aggregating 303,501* bushels and costing $8,710 have been purchased by the Virginia commission of fisheries for distribution over the depleted oyster bottoms of tidewater Virginia.
These shells will be moved and planted by the Work Projects administration as part of the state program financed jointly by the WPA and by the commission, through its bushel and gallon tax on oysters.
A large number of the shells will be planted in the Rappahannock riv-3r, which is in the most unfavorable condition of any river in the state, from the standpoint of oyster growth, according to commission surveyors.
The maximum desirable enrollment for any college is 400 students, according to Dr. William Wistar Comfort, retiring president of Haverford college at Haverford, (Fa.) college and foe of "factory" education. "Four hundred students get to know each other and live together more or less harmonious |y,” Dr. Comfort insisted. "But a school of 4,000 is almost inevitably a factory, with all the interplay of personalities lost." Contending that the nation has taken on such a big job of education that it has eliminated the personal relationship between student and teacher. Dr. Comfort pointed out, "you cam only educate one person at a time."

)
Three Sizes

Costs less than one cent a tablet
can
THE CORNER STORE
ARMS AND MEN
Estate Mrs. M. 6. Howard
Main and Centre#*»
QUE.
A lathe claim* the attention oi men in one of the training ventres set up in Hi itaiu.
The judge threw up his
SHAWVILLE
###PAGE###6###
\
but steadily back and forth.
The sagging reins are looped
around the plowman's shoulders#
He does not need reins. A quiet word suffices, for the horses, man, and plow are one.
Fall Plowing
Altar of St Paul's Cathedral Wrecked by Bomb
Form Notes ..
SUNDAY SCHOOL LESSON
The long, moist, brown ribbons of earth curl endlessly away from the shining plowshare.
The powerful horses walk slowly
Burn Weed Seeds After Threshing
John D. MacLeod, Ont. Dept, of Agriculture, outlines safe methods in disposing of weed

&
By William
Ferguson
LESSON IV
CHRISTIAN MOTIVES FOR * ABSTINENCE (International Temperance Sunday) Luke 1s 13-16; 2 : 40; 4 :4; 6 : 21,
25, 43-45.
GOLDEN TEXT—For the kingdom of God Is not eating and drinking, but righteousness and peace and Joy in the Holy Spirit. Rom. 14:17. THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time.—The announcement of the angel concerning the birth of John the Baptist took place approximately 6 B.C.; our Lord's temptation occurred in January or February, A.D. 27; the teaching of Christ recorded In Luke 6 was given in the early summer of A.D. 28.
Place—The annunciation to Zach-arias was in the temple in Jerusalem; the temptation of our Lord occurred In a wilderness, possibly the east bank of the Jordan River; the Sermon on the Mount delivered not far from the
j This CU/?/ous World
m

seeds.
The main objective in the control cf noxious weeds should be to prevent reinfestation, states John D. MacLeod, Crops, Seeds and Weeds Branch, Ont. Dept, of
Agriculture, Toronto.
Immediately after the threshing operation has been completed ail refuse containing weed seeds should be placed in tightly sacks and disposed oi in
will destroy of all


TO


>0
\


woven
such a manner as the germinating power seed. This may be accomplished by rotting, burning or chopping. A hole may be dug in the ground and all refuse buried deeply. A pit may be dug from 3 to 4 feet deep with a board enclosure around it 3 to 4 feet high. Weed seeds may be dumped into this pit which should be covered with chicken wire or screen to prevent birds from gaining an entrance. Weed seeds will be thoroughly soaked by fall rains, and the heating and rotting process which will take place will destroy
all weed seeds.
Home-Made Inciuerator
A home made incinerator may be constructed by removing the top from an oil drum and providing a draught door and grate at the bottom. Waste oil poured weed seeds and light bulky refuse will permit air to enter and help the burning process. A large tile, part of a smoke stack or any container which will stand lots of heat could also be
used.
*
GONGVLUS AA ANTIS,e
OF INDIA, RESEMBLES A
FLOW£R
SO MUCH IN COLOR. ANC* SHAPE
THAT
OTHER INSECTS AU <3 HT ON nr AND ARE
1

i
;nm


I
rS


i
on
was
city of Capernaum.
In this lesson we have an opportunity for thoroughly considering what might be called a life of selfdiscipline, a life In which the will of God is allowed to have first place. Few today are called upon to live ascetically, as did John the Baptist; yet we are called upon to live in the power of the Holy Spirit, to grow not only in body and mind, but In the grace of G ' as well, to be so filled with the things that are good and noble and true that our lives will indeed bear abundant fruit
The Angelic Announcement
Luke 1; 13. But the angel said unto him, Fear not, Zacharlas: because thy supplication is heard, and thy wife Elisabeth shall beftr thee a son, and thou shall call his name John. 14. And thou shall have joy and gladness ; and many shall rejoice at his birth. 15. For he shall be great In the sight of the Lord, and he shall drink no wine nor strong drink; and he shall be filled with the Holy Spirit, even from his mother's womb. 16. And many of the children of Israel shall he turn unto the Lord their God. It is of holy parents that God would take a holy child. The double lesson for every parent, and specially for every mother, is of the deepest interest. Study the story of John's birth. Study it in connection with the story of Jesus’ birth. The Baptist is to drink neither wkie nor any intoxicating liquor other than wine. He is to be a Nazirite not only for a time as was usual, but for all his life as Samuel and Samson. In place of the excitement of strong drink he is to have the supernatural inspiration of the Holy Spirit.

ta
>
w

$

> *






'¦*a
m
>


SPAWN OF THE
PERCH
RESEMBLES LACE.
i


B-ws
»


B

on

»

a


m
~	LANGU/

V
m

RANKS FIRST IN
mi*

SLANG/

9m
> —.*• mk
1
y
•
***:¦¦¦	T'y**

• ¥
I*;
COWL 1931IY NEA SERVICE. INC
THE spawn of a perch is one of the most beautiful objects in nature. The female drapes the long lace-like ribbons over aquatic plants, much as lace is draped in show windows. More than 280,000 eggs have been taken from a half-pound perch
NEXT: What is the new type of cactus recently discovered in lower California?

i
Larger Ones for Food
All weed seeds which will pass through a weed screen with a perforation of one-fourteenth of an inch in diameter should he removed from the grain tilth the threshing and fanning mill before the grain is chopped, rolled or fed whole. Many of these small weed seeds are harmful to livestock and difficult to chop and should be destroyed by a rotting
has been previously

Striking the double roof of ancient St. Paul’s cathedral, a Nazi bomb hurled tons of masonry down on the high altar 90 feet below. The altar was turned into a tumbled mass of stone. Many of Britain s illustrious dead are buried in St. Paul’s.
he puts stress on works and says little of faith, but how does he regard works ? As fruits, that Is to say, they are of value in his eyes only as being products and manifestations of character. Here is sufficiently set forth the great central truth of Christian ethics—that tills inward disposition is the one important thing, and that deeds are determined as to their moral quality by the character from which they have proceeded. 45. The good out of the good treasure of
shall mourn and weep. Jesus warns these people whose sole delight le In the things of this world, chasing pleasure after pleasure. Their gospel Is that the future and eternity will take care of themselves. Jesus warns them that they will mourn and weep when it Is too late.
Good and Evil
Luke 6: 43. For there is no good tree that bringeth forth corrupt fruit: nor again a corrupt tree that bringeth forth good fruit. 44. For each tree is known by its own fruit. For of thorns men do not gather figs, nor of a bramble bush gather they grapes. Good deeds can only come from a good heart. It is often said that Christ's teaching is unlike that of his apostles in that
1
9
HUGE FOREST BEAST
process as outlined. Weed seeds included in
Wild Mustard,
HORIZONTAL Answer to Previous Puzzle 23 Mental
faculty.
25	Sweet substance.
26	Anesthetic.
27	Jot.
this group are Worm Seed Mustard, Small Seeded False Flax, Pigweed, Plantain, Lamb Quarters, Bladder Cam-
Ohite Cockle,
1 Huge cat, animal
pictured here.
5 It belongs to the genus


a
191
pion, Chicory,
Catch Fly, Cinquefoil, Ribgrass,
and Ox-eye Daisy.
Some of the larger weed seeds such as Wild Buckwheat, Wild Oats and Wild Vetches have a ceitain amount of food value and be used for the feeding of providing they chopped fine. The plates of the chopper should be in good condition and set close. Choppers of the hammer mill type will make a more thorough job when chopping grains containing weed seeds.

man
his heart bringeth forth that which is good; and the evil man out of the evil treasure bringeth forth that-which is evil; for out of the abundance of the heart his mouth speaketh.
leo.
28 It is found in -------and
9 it is called ------of beasts

m
Africa.
30 Mister.
32	Half an cm.
33	Polite

13 Evasions of harm.
15 Ardent partisan.
17	Ozone.
18	Southeast.
20	Lava.
21	To devour.

A
may livestock
TEN
woman.
35 Desired.
. 37 Imperial domain.
38 Worshiper.

are
RADIO REPORTER
3	Tubular sheath.
4	North Africa. 39 Russian
5	Lawyers' charges.
6	Electrical unit.
7	Idant.
8	Chair.
9	Chinese
50 Sound of . pleasure. 22 To embroider. 51 Fish.
24 Bed cover.
27 Little devil.
29 Intention.
31	Grain.
32	Aurora.
34 Northwest.
36 Sharp.
39	Mother.
40	Immerses.
42	Allotted.
43	Barren
45	Distinctive theory.
46	Prying sneak. 1 Meadow.
47	Line.
49 An attempt.
The Perfect Boy
Luke 2: 40. And the child grew, and waxed strong, filled with wisdom: and the grace of God was upon him. Luke alone records these words regarding the Lord’s childhood—he has told us the essential things and not the Incidental. Jesus is presented In the things that common to all childhood, and not in the things which separate one child from another. Jesus grew In body, mind and personality.
Luke 4: 4. And Jesus answered unto him, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone. There is nothing in which man Is so vitally Interested, If he is at all intelligent and sane, as the subject of life, his own life, richness of life, fullness of life, satisfaction in life, abundant life, as summed up in the commonly used, often-abused phrase, "This Is life." Now it should be carefully observed that the Lord Jesus himself continually talked to about this very subject of life—life now, and life to come, abundance of life. He came that men might have life, and no teacher ever appeared on earth who taught men hoyv they ought really to live to get out of life all that is In it as did the Lord Jesus. Physical life Is sustained by bread, as he recognizes, but physical life is not all there Is to life. A man has more
iy; he has a soul. Bre&d
By DAVE ROBBINS
53 Musical note.
village.
41 Afternoon.
44 Right.
46 South America.
48 You and I.
51	Note in scale.
52	Church official.
55 Needy.
57	In.
58	Cloth.
59	Circle part.
60	Three.
54 Roof finial.
56 Moon valley.
59	Bustle.
60	Offers in payment.
62 Rowing tool.
64	X.
65	It is a
tunes that will be heard in
"Let's
Canadian radio stations operate on daylight time)
ON CURRENT EVENTS
The popularity of Prof. E. T. Salmon's Sunday talks on International Affairs have resulted in that capable gentleman being moved to a nightly spot on CKOG —to bring to Canadian radio listeners a comprehensive picture of the daily happenings in all parts of the world, in the struggle of right against might!
Prof. Salmon is a member of the faculty of McMaster University, and served for a number of years with the British diplomatic service in Central Europe, as a King’s Messenger. Speaking the languages of a number of Central European countries and haying had direct contact with their political leaders for some years, Prof. Salmon understands their outlook and ambitions and is particularly authorized to analyze the activities in that part of the world at this critical time.
Every Canadian will have a better understanding of the moves on the European checker-hoard by listening to Prof. Salmon from CKOC — 1120 on the dial ac4i weeknight at 7.16 (day-
Crosby's latest picture,
Make Music". Two of the tunes, "You Forgot Me" and "Dry Bones," have plenty of public appeal.
The Caravan i» heard over WBEN Thursdays at 7.30 p.m. (standard).
feature is heard Sundays at 4 p.m.
(daylight) from CKOC. New» Tip Don't be surprised to hear any day that the NBC and Columbia chains have retailed their representatives from Germany, lies foisted
measure. 10 Details, or flesh eating 11 Low tide, mammal.
are
12 To obtain.
.14 Postscript.
16 Go on (music).
2 Cow-headed 19 To respond to 61 Call for help, goddess.
The
#
$
#
VERTICAL
United States newsmen by the Reich propaganda chief are entirely too tall to expect anyone to believe, so the network heads on this side are plotting a general recall from Hit-lerland.
On Friday nights the Canadian chain now offers a scries of radio dramas that make good listening. The program is known as Canadian Theatre of «the Air — and goes out of the CBC network at 10.30 (daylight).
»	• e
on
a stimulus.
63 Form of "a."
More Good Music
For the folks who like good music the CBC chain has several class programs on the fall schedule. Among the features listed is the Salonaires, presenting a half-hour of cafe music on Saturday evenings at 9 ronto Symphony is heard on Friday nights at 8.30 — Grenadier Guards band from Montreal Mondays at 9.30 p.m.
String ensemble will take the air lanes henceforth on Thursday evenings at eight.
And don’t forget that Edward G. Robinson and Ona Munson are back with the Big Town show on Wednesday nights at nine (daylight). This pair of gang-busters can always be depehded on for a good half-hour of entertainment.
Big Town is heard in Ontario from CFRB.

i

s
26
7
men
2
I
the To-
59
and the CBC
Sunday Symphony
The New York Philharmonic-Symphony orchestra, under the baton of John Barbirolli is back again for their Sunday afternoon concerts—concerts that are without peer on the air. A feature of this year’s series will be guest soloists that will include Jose Iturbl, Nathan Milstein and other outstanding artists. Classics by the masters is an apt description of this enjoyable program. This
46
3

• P. t
m
58
than a t
will never meet the needs of the soul. The word of God alone Is able to meet the needs of a man's soul, strengthening him, guiding him, filling him with hope, energizing him for service, delivering him from the power of sin.
Hunger or FullnessT Luke 2: 21. Blessed are ye that hunger now: for ye shall be filled. There is no hunger without food to match It; no soul hungering and thirsting after the righteousness of God without God to meet and match It. Blessed are ye that weep for ye shall laugh. Blessed.
IIIll
m
Front Seats
light).
zz
r
V,‘
i
AROUND THE DIAL
Bob Crosby and his Dixieland Music Shop is introducing a number of smart new tunes on the Caravan show Thursday evenings
64
Landladies in Dover, England, are advertising:	"Nice Rooms
with Every Convenience, Facing the Enemy."

f

*
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP — Well, Shut the Door
there's a bomb
FIZZING IN THE- NEXT ROOM !
WELL - t'M NOT IN
THE NEXT ROOM,
AM I ?

now
In other words, are the men who deeply touched by the sorrow and pain of life, whose ear is ever open to the cry of the fallen by the way; who have a wide and active sympathy with all who are dis* treesed in mind, 1

are
• #
?
i

o
1
ly and estate.
•im
\

eqi jo cs eqi e.ie djdood eseqx earth
25. Woe unto you, ye that are full now! For ye shall hunger. All those worldly things that satisfy will prove an absolute dis*
[

G
X





rnd

now
appointment in the end. Woe unto
you. ye that It ugh now! f*


»

> -
V>
###PAGE###7###
R A F. EXPERTS LEARN GERMAN AIR SECRETS
HEALTH
TOPICS
"It DOES taste good in a pipe!"
handy seal-tight pouch . 1U
%-LB. "LOK-TOP" TIN . 65*
also packed in Pocket Tins
< :

. # •





f,

4*
-• *
Whole Wheat Bread Is More Nourishing
-V
D

That most of the bread consumed in Canadian cities is capable of considerable improvement in the interests of war-time health and efficiency is indicated by an article appearing in the current issue of the Canadian Public Health Journal over the signature of E. W. McHenry, Ph. D., of the University of Toronto.
of course, generally known that whole-wheat bread is of greater nutritional value than white bread, but the fact has not made the darker colored loaf popular. Dr. McHenry therefore proposes that the value of white flour be raised by adding wheat germ or yeast of high vitamin content. This can be done without affecting the color of the resultant loaf, he declares.
Special Nutritive Quality The special nutritive quality of whole wheat bread lies in the fact that it retains vitamin and mineral contents which, to a very large extent, are removed by modern milling processes. Vitamin B complex, which is absolutely essential to health is reduced to about one third of its original quality in the course of milling, for instance.
A survey of 100 families of low incomes in Toronto, he says, reveals that even the best fed members fall far below the satisfactory margin in their daily intake of Vitamin Bl, a condition which he finds reason to believe is general.
Dr. McHenry repeat es that the intake of Vitamin Bl would be increased if people ate whole wheat bread, but since they decline to do so other methods must be found, and experiments have shown that bread containing five per-cent wheat germ has noticeable effect on growth and nutrition.


4


.*
m?:
ni
i
*1
V
i

»


Young Man — a diamond ring. Salesman —
I want to buy

;

i

It
AVE
Yea, air. How about one of our combir-Von acte? Three pieces:	F
ment, wedding and teetVig.
> ?
It is


ï

jYOD HEMD?



%
Bill kept hens. One night he had two stolen. The next night he stayed up In the hen-shed w'th his friend Joe to wait for the thieve*. After they had been waiting a short time a storm blew up and the shed started swaying In the breeze.
After an hour's waiting Joe. fed up, announced that he was going home, saying: '‘They’ll not come to-night, Bill.”
He stepped out of the shed and found himself on a truck moving slowly along a country road.
They were taking the shed, too
$
1
: V#

"What’s your name?” the grocery store manager asked the young applicant for a Job.
"Scott,” replied the lad.
"And your first name?”
"Walter.”
"That’s a pretty well-known name,” remarked the manager, with a smile.
The boy looked pleased.
"It ought to be,” he replied. "I've been delivering groceries around here for two years.*’

w	^^ the German planes shot down in the flattie of Britain have not been total losses. This one,1
1wan r(‘P»ired by Royal Air Force experts and flown by R.A.F. test pilots to get valuable data on Wiese pJanes. I him one is a Messerschmitt 110, Germany’s best fighting plane. It mounts four machine-guns In the nose and a cannon under the cockpit. The British Spitfire mounting eight machine-guns in the winge ^*hwh deliver deadly cross-fire, are said to be more than a match for the Messerschmitt in sky fighting. A Royal Air force expert is shown, RIGHT, examining the gas tank from a German JU-88 bombing
2rUk6k n0*ght i0Wn,ln * /aid on England. The tank is of the self-sealing kind that may be shot through with bullets and still retain the fuel. Various layers of vulcanized rubber, self-sealing rubber, chrome
leather and fibre make up the tank. R.A.F. experts declared this one is a complicated affair and less efficient than the self-sealers used by the R.A.F.
An American's advice to after-dinner speakers: "If you don’t strike oil In the first two minutes, you'd better stop boring.”—Grit.
Chief Manganese Sources Here?
cities. A tank 13 feet square holds as much liquified gas as a big dome of 15,000,000 cubic feet.
Daughter (entertaining boy friend late) : "Has father gone to bed ?”
Mother: "No, he's In the cellar, reading.”
Daughter: "What? Reading In the cellar?'1
Mother: "Yes, the electric light meter.”
Modern
Etiquette
The liquid gaa serves the same heating and cooking purposes as ordinary natural gas, merely being warmed up to flow into the mains in its natural state.
Nova Scotia Field May Have To Supply Empires Need of This War Material Now That Dakar le Gone
A coffee salesman was traveling through the South, and as he waited for a train in a little southern town he chatted with a lazy look lng colored man idling on a bench at the station.
“Ever drink coffee?” he inquired with an eye to stirring up interest in his line.
The colored man allowed he drank a lot of coffee. Fifty cups a day he anewered.
“Fifty cups a day? Doesn't It keep you awake?” inquired the astonished coffee salesman.
“Well, it helps,” answered the colored man.
BY ROBERTA LEE
1.	Should the host and hostess always supply new decks of cards for a bridge party?
2.	When a player makes a mistake in a bridge game, is H permissable for another player to call his attention to it?
Please name six or seven things that a person may eat with the fingers?
4. On what social occasions is a man privileged to wear a business suit?
6. Is it all right for a hoetsess to serve her guests with the same dish she has served them on a former occasion?
6. Is a man permitted to "cut in" at a dance when he has never been introduced to the girl?
Answers
1. Yes, always, and for a poker party too. To throw out a soiled dilapidated deck of cards would be about the same as if the host were unshaven and wearing a soiled, wrinkled shirt. 2. No. Criticism by one player of another, in any game, is not good sportsmanship. 3. Bread, crackers, cookies, candy, salted nuts, olives, celery. 4. He may wear a business suit to any informal occasion before 6 p.m., an informal luncheon breakfast, etc. 6. Yes, and particularly if she knows they enjoyed it 6. No.
CAN DETECT RICKETS A new test to detect rickets even in newborn babies was described before the annual meeting of the American Public Health Association.
The disease, due to too little vitamin D, the sunshine vitamin, causes malformation of all the bones of the body and results in retardation of growth.
Possibility Nova Scotia may replace Dakar as the Empire's source of maganese essential war metal, was seen last week as the Nova Scotia Mines Minister, Hon. L D. Currie, announced a Toronto company (Springer Exploration) was surveying manga-sea# deposits in the province. Manganese was mined in Nova Scotia during the first Great War.
NOW CARRY OUT RESEARCH
A month's survey of the field will be made by a geologist who will report the extent of the manganese deposits to the provincial government.
Exploratory work on manganese deposits at Bourlardarie, Loch Lomond, Tennycape and East Mountain has been carried out for more than a year by the provincial government.
There are several distinct things girls dislike about men,
But most is their characteristic tendency to remark, "I hope IT1 see you again”—
Without saying when.
—Saturday Evening Post.
3.
RINGS INSTANT IASI

High Cost of Killing
This Is Season Of Bam Fires

It cost about 75 cents to kill a man in Caesar's time. The price rose to about $3000 per man during the Napoleonic wars; to $6000 In the American Civil War; and then to $21,000 per man in the World War. Estimates for the present war indicate that it may coat the warring countries not less than $50,000 for each man killed.
Prefect your BOOKS anil CASH
from FIRE mué THIEVES. We
type ef Safe, er
ni»
Their Prevention le Essential—Here’s How To Go About Avoiding Them
CaMaet, for mmy purpose. Vieil
er write for prices, etc. to Dept. W.
A
J.6f J.TAYLDR LIMITED TORONTO SAFE WORKS
II
Advice on how to prevent bam fires during threshing time, was given last week by Prof. William C. Blackwood, head of the department of agriculture engineering at the O.A.C.
SPRAY THE STRAW
Electric sparks in a threshing machine can cause fire on striking the right proportion of dust and air, he said. This danger can be avoided by grounding the machine, said Prof. Blackwood, who also said blower fires can be avoided by spraying about five gallons of water to every ton of straw. This amount of water will not harm the straw, nor cause spontaneous combustion, he said.
He thought is a wise practice to insist that men who work In barns or on stacks do not carry matches in their pockets and no one should be allowed to smoke near the bam.
r.-'ïî
140 Frout St. EL, Toroate Established 1800
ar.n
Lieut.-Gov. of Manitoba
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
e e e
• e •

AGENTS WANTED
HELP WANTED

FOOT REMEDY
NEW WORLD ILLUSTRATED — Canada’s newest pictorial magazine has an opening In your town for a part time representative, male or female. No experience necessary. Just mall a poet-card listing a reference and full particulars will follow by return mall. Address to G. Dunne, Suite 611, Sterling Towers, Toronto.
GENERAL WANTED FOR MODERN farm house, other help kepi. Stale experience and give reference to Bobmar Farms, R. R. 3, King, Ontario.
SOLDIERS TRAINING FIND FOOT Bliss great comfort for tired, hot, swollen feet Send 26c for full sise package, prepaid. Dept. F. 166 George Street. Toronto._

a
MACHINERY FOR SALE
FOR SALE

WADE PORTABLE DRAG SAWS, easy to operate, a money-maker wherever there are logs lu be cut. Write for free descriptive bulletin. The Machinery Co.
St.. West Toronto.
PERCHERON STALLION. RISING four, Belgian Stallion rising three. These horses must be sold at once. Reasonable terms. B. Ay 1 ward Queensvllle, Ont._____________________
'

What Science: Is Doing

?GENTS SELL A PATENTED necktie, direct to the customers. Write Station K Box 2S. Toronto.

A R. Williams Ltd.. 64 Front
GUARANTEED ELECTRIC LIGHT
BULBS
AUCTION SALE

PERSONAL
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 23 FULLY accredited registered Ayrsblres. horses, Implements and nearly new furniture, 8 miles west of Delaware on No. 2 Highway, W. McCaffrey, Mount Brydges, Ontario.
THE NEW JEWEL SELECT-A-LITK only 3-way light that operates in any regular socket 20% more light — no glare — 40 - 60 or 100 Watt as desired by turning small ring. 5 for $3.00 Prepaid. Also regular inside frosted bulbs up to 100 Watts, 12 for $2.00 Prepaid. Write for special prices on larger Quantities, and private sye-tem Light Bulbs.—General Trading Reg'd., Dept. A HI Gore Bldg., Hamilton, Ont______________
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR SAFELY. Privately removed. Face, Arms. Legs; Treatment $2.00 postpaid, plain wrapper. Guaranteed to KILL roots with one application. Canadian Chemistry Co., Wilkie, Saak.

X-RAY COST REDUCED A new “tendid” X-ray camera which can photograph the chest and other parta of the body on a small film will be used in U. 8. army physical examinations during the coming draft. The machine reduces the picture through a special fast lens from the usual 14 inch by 17 inch full size negative to one only four inches long.
i
BABY CHICKS
à
/
SHEEP FOR SALE
BRAY NOVEMBER CHICKS — Order now. Some ready-to-lay pullets available. Valuable Information in Bray Fall Service Bulletin. Bray Hatchery, 130 John >forth. Hamilton, Ont.
CARS NEW AND USED
55
/At
R. P. McWilliams, of Winnipeg, has been named lieutenant-governor of Manitoba to succeed Hon. W. J. Tapper. Mr. McWilliams will take office on Nov. 1.
REGISTERED SUFFOLK YEAUL-inK Rums and Ram Lambs. Also registered Ewes and Ewe l^ambs. Exceptionally good stock and priced right. A. L Hutchinson, Belwood, Route 5. Ontario.

%

USED TIRES FOR SALE
GOOD USED TIRES. ALL SIZES. Lowest prices. Inquiries invited. Brockton Tire. Hill Dundee West. Toronto.
TIRES WANTED
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS LTD., Toronto s oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers; three locations, 632 Mt Peasant Road. 2040 Yonge St.. 1660 Danforth Avenue. Our Used Cars make us many friends.
DETECTIVES
WANTED FOR CASH
SMOOTH Tires, must be sound, passenger or truck. Highest prices paid* We pay the freight. — Trutred (Canada) Limited 448% Yonge St., Toronto.
TIRES WEARING SMOOTHt
World’s Best Soil
With it ten times the number of men can be examined at the same cost now required with the larger film.
IF STILL SOUND HAVE THEM Trutrcded! Costs only a fraction of price of new tires. New Tire guarantee. Write for folder and prices or drive In when next In Toronto and see Trutreds made. Trutred (Canada) Limited. 488% Yonge St., Toronto, at the Tower Clock. Just North of College St.
\
\
On some of the Black Earth region of Southern Russia wheat has been grown for seventy years on end without fertilizer. This is the richest soil in the world, and it covers an area of nearly 160,000,000 acres. It stretches from the Carpathians to the Ural Mountains, and is bounded on the north by the Pinsk Marshes.
Towards the Black Sea its thickness diminishes, but in the centre of this great tract the top three feet of the soil contain as much as 40,000 lb. of nitrogen to the acre. The best soil in England has little more than a quarter of this nitrogen content.
There are patches of prairie y and in Manitoba which are almost equally fertile; while the depth of rich soil in the valley of the lower Mississippi makes this one of the most fertile regions on earth.
POULTRY AND EGGS
AMBITIOUS MEN SEVENTEEN and over wanted Immediately for secret-service and detective work. Complete training course by reapondence. Free
WANTED—EGGS AND POULTRY graded or ungraded Write for Information. Canadian Provision & Supply Co., Commission Dealers. 109 Front Street East. Toronto.
LIQUEFIED NATURAL CAS
A method to liquefy natural gas and store it as a water-colored fluid at 250 below zero was reported last week to the American Gas Association.
The liquid gas means doing away with the "huge gas tanks that dot the horizon of great

_ cor-
_ . _	Information,
write to C. M Julien, Box 25. Station T, Montreal.
x.

PHOTO FINISHING
USED BAGS
FREE! You Can Now Own
ENCYCLOPAEDIA FOR SALE
FARMERS. DAIRYMEN. BAKERS, Merchants and Others are making extra money by shipping us all kinds of used empty bags. You can do the same. Write us now and we will send you full particulars and shipping tags. Ship freight collect. Highest prices paid.—Sends! & Sen del Ltd., 709-711 Common St.. Mon-
cviupiete set ol beautiful slivei-ware absolutely without cost, manufactured and guaranteed by International Silver Company. You may have this complete set absolutely free by sending your films to Imperial. Send an order now and receive complete particulars of this amazing offer. Six or eight exposure films developed and printed 26c, or 8 reprints 26c, plus your choice of a free enlarge.
. meut In easel mount or free silverware. To get the best In quality and service send your films to imperial Photo Service. Station J., Toronto.
'i
SPECIAL INTRODUCTORY OFFER —thirty dollars discount for this advertisement, on purchasing the new revised edition of the En-^ cyclopaedia Britannica — balance payable monthly. Clip, and mail to 605 Federal Building, Toronto, for full details.
i

tV
m
CAa yiieel&i
treal, Que.
JOB OPPORTUNITY
'X
m
WOMEN, GIRLS WANTED
PRINTING APPRENTICE WITH two or three years general experience in all lines of printing wanted for Toronto Job office. Good chance for advancement. Apply by letter only, giving full details of previous experience, expected, also give telephone number. Box 421, 73 Adelaide West, Toronto.
Slow Burning
Earn from $10 to $15 weekly selling F AMI LEX HIGH QUALITY GOOD ' GOODS to relatives and established clientele. Everyone spends money on household and toilet articles, etc. Every F A MI LEX customer Is a satisfied customer. Work 5 or • hours per day, profit by our experience, and you will succeed. NO RISK — good earnings assured to workers. l*et us help you. Write et once to Miss St. George, 670 SL Clement Street, Montreal.
CIGARETTE* PAPERS
NONE FINER MADE
S
»
»
AUTOMATIC
BOOKLET
double
MEDICAL
wages
IT'S AMAZING THE WONDERFUL results after taking Dr. Dixon's Remedy for Rheumatism, Neuritis. Sold only at Munro's Drug Store, 335 Elgin, Ottawa. $1.00 postpaid.
I FI

FEMALE PAI
1
mini
•in
Bara Roofing—Granary Lining
SUPKRT1TE STEEL SHEETS UU8Î less, cover more, last longer, lay faster, save sheathing. Buy now before war advances prices, direct from factory. Superior Products Limited, 15 Nelson Street. Sarnia Ontario
PAYNB8B TABLETS FOR RELIEF of Rheumatic
Headaches, Toothache and Neuralgia, $1.00 per hundred. Postpaid. Satisfaction guaranteed. Domestic Drug Co., Box 343, Winnipeg.
Pains,
SB
Women who suffer painful. Irregular periods with nervous, moody spells due to functional cause should find Lydia K. Plnkham's Vegetable Compound simply marvelous to relieve such distress. Plnkham's Compound Is made especially to help weak, tired women to go smiling thru difficult days. Over 1,000,000 women have reported amazing benefits. WELL WORTH TRYING I
Mentholalem
will quickly relieve — or money back. Helps clear head and noae... relieves nasal irritation. Jara and tubes. 30c.
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS

Used
New
REMARKABLE RESULTS—EVERY sufferer of Rheumatism or Neuritis should try Dr. Dixon's Remedy. Postpaid $1.00. Munro's Drug Store, 335 Elgin, Ottawa.
the
FARM» WANTED
SPECIALIZING IN REBUILT MOTOR*. POWER-UNITS.
H•Ilia, Wl Marten,
Radiators
Glass — Satisfaction
BUYER IF OFFERED TEN THOU8-and farms might choose yours first. No charge for listing. Describe fully, name price and lot
number. Dominion Farm Agency. Toronto 3 Ontario.

tie
I
MENTH01ATUM
Kxcb
ISSUE 43—*40
C/>« * C UM FOR I Oallf
###PAGE###8###
Farm For Sale
You are invited to see the new Gilson Washing Machines at Clifford Cone's, Centre St., Shaw ville, Que.
Service Announcement
NOTICE
Well improved farm, situated four miles east of Shawville, containing 10() acres, more or less, with or without machinery. For further particulars and
terms apply to
New Fall Suits
SHAWVILM United Church Rev A. F. Pokes B. A., B.D. PA3tor
Sunday, November grd
11,00	a.m.—Service at Shawville
1.30	p.m.—Service at Zion.
3.00	p.iu,—Service at Stark’s Corners
The Farm and Home Beautification Endeavor, sponsored by the Women’s Institutes of Pontiac County and th e Farmers’ Magazine, Toronto, will be carried on for another year. AU entrie s must be sent in to the secretary, M iss Abbie Prichard, Wyman, by November 15th, as the first judging will be done this Fall and the second in the late Sum-oCnext year. The entry fee is fifty
Tops in style, fancy shades of greens, browns,
blues, greys, also blue and grey serges, all
$25.00 and $30.00
Look Here
J. H. HORNER, Sand Ray, Shawville, Que
For Sale, Wants, Found,
Lost, etc.
Phone 22 U
with two trousers
Sermon subject ¦¦¦ .
“We must run the risk.
Farm For Sale
New Fall Hats
o
7.30	p.m.—Service at Shawville
The Gunpowder Plot of 1940.”
A message appropriate to the Fifth
of November.
Wanted—A good hoy to help with chores
Apply to R. J.
nier
Well improved farm all cleared and fenced, clay loam, all in hay. hair buildings. Will sell on very easy terms.
Apply to
$1.95 to $2.95
through the.winter. CuTHHertson.
cents,
Latest Shades and Styles
For Sale-One 8 horse power engine and one saw carriage in excellent condition, Cattle taken as payment. Apply to Kenneth Pirle.
Forsyth Dress Shirts
PETER WILSON, Cobden, Ont
Bristol United Church
Rev. C. Armstrong-Saleb B, D
Sunday, October 27 Sunday, November 3rd
St. Andrew’s, Sunday School
Service at
Sunday School Service at
Sunday School Service at
Use Drip Method, Claim
Experts, for Best Coffee
First step in making good coffee ,is to start with a clean pot, preferably scoured
habit of rinsing is not enough for either the old-fashioned coffee pot, the percolator or the newer drip utensil.
Second comes the amount of coffee to use. Many coffee recipes call for a-certain amount of coffee to ' each cup of water. One popular recipe, for instance, recommends one tablespoon of coffee to each cup of water used. Best way to make a satisfying coffee, however, is to measure the coffee and water carefully, increasing the proportion of water and coffee each time, until you have found the combination which suits you best.
__ I Third, whether made in a pot, per" J colator or drip-o-lator, coffee should not. be boiled. Boiling drives off i aroma and flavor. Thus, the longer coffee boils, the more bitter and less fragrant it becomes made '‘boiled” coffee is really ‘‘steeped.” That is, hot water, nut boiling water is poured over the coffee until the desired flavor is ob tained. For this reason, home economics experts claim that the best brew is made by the drip method, in which water that has been heated to the boiling point is poured or permitted to drip over finely ground coffee.
$1.65
Coloured Stripes and White
••!••••• t
Farm For Sale or Rent
LOST—Between Bristol Corners and the Elliot Pump Factory a double iron pulley. Finder please call Hoy Elliott Reward offered
The Forsyth “Country Club” Shirts
Two hundred and fifty acres of land, more or less, on the seventh line of Clarendon, one mile from Shawville. One hundred acres in bush. For further
.........."Edward h. mee,
Shawville, Que
The labor-saving
10.00
11.00
$2.25
The best shirt on the market
FOR SALE-One Short Horn Bui Calf and two Shoit Horn Heifers, all red anb eligible for registration. Apply to Hclbkkt ARMSTRONG,(Box 90, Shawville
Que.
WANTED—An experienced maid, aged 30 years or over, to do general housework. Apply to Mrs.C. F. C. Powlbs, bhaw-ville. Phone 17.
2.00
Knox,
3.00
Si
McGregor Hose
10.30
Austin,
7.30
44
SOcts.
Specially Priced at
Farms For Sale or Rent
Three good farms for sale or rent, fairly good buildings, lots of water on each place, light and heavy land c miles from Quyon, good gravel road, close to school and church ; also good mixed Bush Lot for sale. Apply to
MR. P. J. DOLAN,
R. R. No. 3, Quyon, Que.
• #
• ••••
• • • • •
ANGLICAN Sunday, November 3rd. St Paul’s
8.00	a. m.—Holy Communion
10.00	a.m.—Sunday School
11.00	a.m.—Holy Communion
7.30	p m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s
2.00	p, m.—Holy Communion
Holy Trinity
Service Withdrawn
Norris E. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
WANTED—Good reliable girl. Good wages offered. Apply at once to Mrs. C. W. Hodoins, 56 Mount Joy Street, Timmins, Ont.
BIX
WANTED- A good farm, fair siro, suitable for mixed farming. Apply to Wilfred Laughren, Charter!», Que.
CHRISTMAS CARDS —Be sure and
order your Christmas Cards early. Personal and boxed assortments from SI .00 up. Would appreciate your order, Kay Woodley. Shawville
Pulpwood Wanted
DALE’S TINSHOP
Properly
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood, F.O.B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick-up by trucks Phone or write,
J. M. ARGUE, Shawville, Que.
North Clarendon Parish Rev. K. Bolton, Incumbent
FOR RALE—Three litters of Yorkshire pigs, for immediate delivery. Apply to Harold Hodoins, R. R. 1. Shawville. Phone "20— 18.
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Sunday, November 3rd.
Holy Communion, 10.30 Evening Prayer,
Charteris,
Greeimount,
Th orne Centre, Evening Prayer,
2.30
FOR SALE—Pa.r Belgian Colts, rising two years; one general .purpose, rising, three years, will exchange for cattle. | 1 hone < (> Apply to Clifford Horner, R. R. No. 1 Shawville. Phone 15—16.
7.30
Full Stock of
Findlay Heaters and Ranges
1
Strayed
In Memoriam
FOR SALE—Pair Belgian Colts, rising 3 and 4 years ; cattle taken in exchange. Apply to A. A. Rose, R. R. 2, Shawville, Phone 22—25.
On to the premises of the undersigned about Oct 1st, one aged brown mare.
Owner may have same by proving
incurred.
In loving memory of Alexander ( Bill ) Hodgins, who passed away November 1st, 1939.
Find ‘Lost People’ in
Isolated Spot of Peru
A town composed of 80 white families, which had been out of contact with civilization for 25 years, has been discovered at the mouth of the Rio Pinquen in the southeast corner of Peru, Captain Conterno, in charge of a corps of Peruvian aviators, reported. Not only were they ignorant of the present war, they didn’t know who won the World war.-
The isolated community was in the department of Madré de Dios (Mother of God), a mountainous section bounded on the east by Bolivia and the north by Brazil.
The aviators discovered the community while flying for the Swedish-American scientific expedition, known as the Winner-Gren expedi-_ — _ .
The aviators, according to Captain Conterno, landed near the community and were joyfully received by the inhabitants.
The Spanish - speaking people seized the newspapers the aviators gave them and read them avidly.
Some members of these “lost families” asked the aviators to take back word to Peruvian authorities that they would like a school and a radio telegraph station established in their village, Captain Conterno said.
ID
property and P**»* «Ç™*^0WN.
Campbell’s Bay Que
“Ever Rembered”
Parents and Family
FOR SALE — One General Purpose Mare Foal. Apply to Kenneth Smiley R. R. No. 1, Shawville, Que. Phone
15-19.
Phone 36—5
Now is the time to have your Furnace and Pipes checked
over.
)
)
Bush Lots Fop Sale

Knowledge Is Effective
Weapon Against Cancer
Knowledge is the most effective weapon against the disease of cancer, Dr. I. Mi 11 an of Mexico City, writes, in an article in Sin 11 esis, and ignorance and isolated facts about the dreaded disease confirm in the public mind certain superstitions that have no reason for existing.
The most common fallacies regarding cancer are that no one knows what causes it, the doctor states. “But we do know what cancer is, and we also know what causes the development of certain forms,” Dr. Millan says.
Cancer is a term used to designate a large number of afflictions whose common characteristic is the growth of unlimited cells that perform no useful function to the rest of the organism. In almost all of the known cancerous conditions, the direct cause has been a prolonged irritation.
The disease can be caused by defective or decayed teeth and cancer of the lips is frequently found in people who smoke pipes or cigarettes. Persons who handle dves or chemically treated lubricating greases and farm laborers frequently develop cancer.
Medical science, according to Dr. Millan, has bursted the fallacy that cancer is contagious sible to avoid cancer by removing the cause of irritation, and second, if cancer develops in a definite locality, it is not difficulUto remove ?he growth by surgery.

I Cemetery Donations offers win be received fer south hair
I	**	of Lots 1 and 2, Range 7, in the Town-
Dr. D. J. Campbell, treasurer of the «hip of Onslow. 215 acres more or less. Cemetery Fund, acknowledges, with j A good stand of timber and wood, thanks, the following donntions;—
Shawville Women’s Institute. #50 00
Leslie Dale
Shawville, Quebec
f • <
Apply to
W. Ft PIUTCHAIID,
Wyman, Que
gjygjgjgjgiSJBJBJSiSJBJSJttlSfSfSJBJS
Wanted
Extinction of Salmon,
Lumber Sources Foreseen
Complete extinction of the Pacific Northwest's two lifeblood industries, salmon and lumber, is not far off if drastic regulatory conservation measures are delayed too long, two scientists of the American Association for the Advancement of Science have declared.
Need for regulation of catches in the salmon industry in Washington, Oregon and Alaska was sounded by Dr. Henry B. Ward, professor emeritus of the University of Illinois, considered the nation’s outstanding salmon authority.
“The end of the salmon fisheries is in sight, at the rate we are going now,” Dr. Ward'decjared duction of salmon already has gone beyond the point of safety.
“Elimination of fish traps in Washington was a fine thing, but if unrestricted fishing of other types is to be permitted the good done is lost.
Seretary Manager for Shawville Cooperative Hatchery. Fur full particulars apply to
• Car load of good Horses. These
J ust Arrived Western Work will be disposed of by the owner, Russell Hobbs, at the Clarendon Hotel Stables.
Deaths
t ion
NORVAL KILGOUR President Shawville, Que
Pontiac Native Dies
Winnipeg, Oct. 21 —
Funeral services will be held here tomorrow for Mrs. Marion Leich Cobb Mills, 91. first woman telegrapher in Canada. Mrs. Mills was born in Pontiac county, Que., and became a son, Que., in lived in Port Arthur and later at Fort Qu'Appelle, Bask.
1 ’hone 1121
The first seiHiiiikmg cuw has w produced by a research sc it n t is l ul the American Husbandly council Dr. J a ft on Barottome devised the technique, which is based on the fundamental discoveries of the Russian physiologist Pavlov, on the formation of conditioned lefiexes.
In training a cuw to be a seif-milker, Dr. Barottome places the milk pail in the appropriate position and simultaneously injects under the skin of the animal's back a potent substance which has the effect of relaxing the sphincter muscles, thus causing the milk to flow from all four teats at once, says the Rocky Mountain Herald. This procedure is repeated three times daily, the dosage being slowly diminished to zero
Eventually a new habit, or conditioned reflex, is established, so that the mere placing of the milk pail causes an immediate evacuation of the udder. The nature of the substance injected has not been divulged. as further research is being done in the attempt to find a selective relaxant which will act on the udder sphincters alone and not on the other sphincters.
cri
Tractor For Sale
Hart Park Tractor — 12 24 H,P. Fully overhauled. New cylinder block head. Price—$275.00.
Apply to
Ottawa Valley Grain Products,
Renfrew, Ont.
telegrapher in Bry-1808. She formerly
Farm For Sale
Mrs. Charles Milner
Ancient Laws
In Ohio it’s unlawful to:
Attend a prize fight.
Drive past a horse without consent of the horse’s owner.
Join a fraternity, sorority or other school group.
Go fishing or quarrel with your wife (or anyone else) on Sunday.
Break into jail.
Anthony J. Koval, lawyer, whose hobby it is to unearth oddities in the statute books, found the above under the list of violations
The re
Ottawa, Oct. 24—
Frances Mee, widow of Charles Milner, and a resident of Ottawa for the pa.^t 23 years, died this morning at the home of her daughter, Mrs. A. B. Cowan, 516 Driveway, following a lengthy illness. She was in her 85th year.
Born in Shawville Que.. Mrs. Milner took up residence in Ottawa following the death of her husband. She also resided for a short time in Westboro. Mrs. Milner attended St. Paul’s Eastern United church.
Surviving are two daughters, Mrs. Cowan, and Mrs. J. Lindsay. Hamilton ; a son, Samuel Milner of Ottawa, and a sister, Mrs. Peter Brownlee, of Shawville Quebec.
The funeral will be held on Sat urday afternoon from the parlours of A. E. Veitch and son, Parkdale Avenue, to Merivale cemetery
One hundred acres of Clay Loam Farm well fenced, lots of water, fair buildings, two miles East of Shawville, Lot 5 on the 5th Range of Clarendon.
Apply to
It is pos
REN YOUNG, Shawville, Que.
“Alaska salmon fishing was in a dad way a few years ago. Restrictions were put in and the number of fish increased. But now the restrictions have been broken down again.”
Fishing everywhere should be restricted so there is a sufficient escapement to allow for a gradual increase each year in the number of fish, the scientist declared.
A warning of “eventual bankrupt-in the lumber industry was voiced by Robert W. Cowlin of the Pacific Northwest Forest Experiment station, Portland.
In making his predictions Cowlin pointed out that the present annual drain on Douglas fir resources in western Washington and Oregon is approximately 10,000,000,000 board feet.
Farm For Sale or Rent
came
contained in Baldwin's Blue Book of Ohio Laws—and they have never been repealed.
Fines for driving a motor car past a horse or horse-drawn vehicle without the consent of the horseman—or refusing to stop your car when overtaken by a horse—range up to $50.
Another section states that “whoever, being a pupil in the public schools, organizes, joins or belongs to a fraternity, sorority or other like society” is a lawbreaker subject to a $25 fine.
4Jay Walkers’ Are Not
Same as ‘Jayhawkers’
Jayhawkers and jay walkers are not synonymous terms not, in fact, the remotest association, even of ideas, in their etymology. The term “Jayhawker” attained widespread recognition during the controversy over the admission of Kansas to the Union, begun in 1854. It was applied by Kansans to those who advocated that Kansas be admitted as a free state and who aroused the antagonism of the proslavery group date, however, the name was in use and had quite another significance as applied to a group of young adventurers who left Galesburg, 111., in the spring of 1849 for the California gold fields.
Later, in the region now included in Death Valley National Monument, these gold-seekers were for a while traveling companions of Lewis Manley. The expedition but for his courage would have perished in the desert. Indiscriminately all those who attempted the journey in 1849 were called for years afterward “Jayhawkers.”
However, the men and women whom Manley brought out to safety never belonged to the Jayhawkers, did the Jayhawkers themselves suffer such hardships as they en-
200 acres—125 acres of bush well-timbered, stave wood and lumber ; 75* acres tillable land, with lots of water ; 2 saw mills ready to use ; planing mill ; shingle saw ; five head horses, three 3-year-old two 5-year-old ; two milk cows ; three heifers ; barn with season’s crop in, not threshed sell. For further particulars apply to
WALTER ELLIOTT,
Shawville, Quebec
There is
:y"
Will rent or
Pituitary Extract Dangerous
In a report on paralysis in children resulting from injury of the brain at birth, Dr. George J Gar-_*eau and Dr George W Gustafson tf Indianapolis told the section of fbstetrics and gynecology that in 13 oer cent of 185 cases they investigated the paralysis and brain injury vere caused by the use of pituitary extract to hasten labor
Phone 116
Ladies Auxiliary of St Edward s Parish
Prior to this
Despite restocking operations, new growth to offset that used amounts to only less than 3,060.000,000 board feet a year, he said.
“Of the 5,400,000 acres of cut over forest lands in this region which were not converted to nOn-forest use, about half was adequately restocked,” Cowlin said half has been poorly rtstocked or not at all.”
Because of great fertility, the Douglas fir region has a potential annual growth of nearly as much as is cut each year, Cowlin said, but added:
“Under a continuation of the crude treatment given the region's forest resources in the past, it is doubtful if half of its estimated potential productivity could ever be achieved. Obviously this condition will eventually lead to bankruptcy of our forest resources if uncorrected/' ___ j
Not the War
War does not have anything to do with the weather, Dr. J. L. Cline, United States weather bureau forecaster, has declared. “A great many people seem to think that the firing of guns in Europe has something to do with the rainfall we are having this summer,” he said. “To prove this is not true we only have to look at the record, which shows plainly that there is nothing particularly unusual about this year’s
During April, May and
Wilson’s Garage
The pre«ideut, Mrs. W. J. Trud* enii entertained the members of the Ladies Auxiliary of St Edward's Parish on Thursday afternoon, Octobei members were present.
A report of the last meeting was given by the secretary, Miss Beatrice MarUn and adopted by the president.
A fancy quilt, on which the members had sold tickets was drawn for by little Theresa Mç-Cufferey and won by John Knox Jr. of McKee.
The ladies spent the afternoon making aprons and knitting. It was decided to make a donation of the articles on hand to the an*
nil t| l)d2%Hr«
A dainty luncheon was served by na> bc responsible for the injuries, thu hostess Un- ten-table being which in some instances might not MPPMI^P*******.
onesided over by Mrs. Dominic >* preventable. Many more boys inches. So you see we still are tm dtired. It is to this later group that McCaffery and Miss' Beatrice ban girls were injured because of 1 from setting any new precipitation I the region owes its name—Death Martin.	their larger size at birth.	record.”	Valley.
Unfortu
The Same Reliable Serv'ce
lately, pituitrin is too widely used :or induction and augmentation of la-oor, in spite of continuous warning •rom obstetric teachers," they said.
In contrast to other reports, their japer declared that anesthesia and jam-deadening drugs played little jart in causing the injuries. Labor was short in the greatest number of mothers, they reported, and there is an increased tendency to injure •he brain when the birth process asts less than 12 hours Eighty-hree of the infants were delivered pontaneously. they reported, indicting that normal forces of labor
10th. Fourteen
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
‘The other
Foro Service
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
weather
half of June, 1940, the war months, we had a total of 14.53 inches of In the same months of 1920
J. P. Wilson
rain
we had 19.33 inches. In the peace ful April, May and June of 1922 wc had 23.08 inches. In 1935 the total for the three months was 15.92
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
nor
