###PAGE###1###
/
:

:
No.Ut 59th Year
SIIAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, MARCH 26th,	1942
Turn in Your 1941 Markers
PERSONAL MENTION Day of Praye* Arraiged for March 21
Car ami truck owners of this Miss Gwen (lodgin'* is vi-iting Ht State Sei-reUry : lu 1 i1!10 ,e<lnV*ted to turn in Mh» home ot her brother, Mr. LTlrfc nounced Friday night
uZrSvTintiùiï' LlCe,1He Hodginsnt South Porcupine	I	|
This is n war-time measure to
COWLING BUSINESS COLLEGE"
Corner Bank ard Somerset Streets
i
MoLirty nr.« _______________________________________________________________________________________ ) a proclamation i- being i-Htied setting Sunday. March 21K1), as a national day ol Mr. Wellington Armstrong i* prayer, help out the metal situation, and visiting at the home of his son,: 14 ft is hoped.. .that the clergy it is hoped that all who htiy Mr. Gilbert Ai instrong,, in Mont- of nil denominations in (%uijda
motoi licenses will not forget this real ,
little war effort, when they change to the 1942 markers.
House Cleaning Time
is
Ottawa Ontario
I h is old reliable school has removed to large and finer premises The finest mid most model n in Ontario Attend a school with an established imputation Open all year.
will take steps to arrange that in *ei vices the day of prayer will be observed ment said
In setting Match 29th as a day of prayer Canada acted on the re Ac. floss Greensldeld*, It C.A.K. <iu#st of the King.
Clinton, Ont., son of Mr. ami Mrs.	__ _________
Henry Greenshields, of Seamans. r . M	n
Sask., visited his relatives in town Graydoo Masson Win* Cominufioa
and at Yarn), during the week-end Action With Royal Canadian
Air Force
Miss Arlene Hodgins, of Ottawa, spent the week end with her narent**, Mr. and Mrs. Klliott Hodgins,at h arm
Painting Time
See our stock of
Sherwin-Williams
Mr. McLirtv's state
R. C. A. F. Recruiting Unit at Pontiac House, Saturday, March 28th
A mobile recruiting unit of the Royal Canadian Air Force will be at the Pontiac House, Shawville, from Va. m. to 1 p. m,oil Saturday March 28th.
An officer will interview all applicants for any category between the age« of 18 and 50. The applicants will also be given a medical examination on the s|K>t and will lie advised immediately if thvyare fit for service. The re* muting officer will receive applications and interview young ladies who wish to enlist in the Women a Division of the Air Force.
W. E. COWLING President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
Mr. and Mrs. Mnrdo Campbell and infant son, have returned to their home in ValleyHeld, after visiting at the home of Mrs Campbell's parents, Mr. and Mrs I. Swartz They were accompanied home by Mrs Campbell's sister, Mrs. Geo. Lake and her little «on.
Among a total of 10 Royal Canadian An* Force member** lifted in an II C. A F statement, issued in Ottawa last Thursday as
having recently been “Commis sioned in the Field" as pilot officers, appears the name of a Shaw ville boy William Murray Graydun Masson, son of Mr and Mrs. R J. Masson of this village He is now raised from the ranks as a Sergeant Observer to a positif n as commissioned officer with the title “Pilot Officer* P. (). Masson enlisted in the R C. A. F. in June MHO, and received his training at Regina, Malton, Jarvis and Rivers; Man. receiving his wings shortly before going over seas in March 1941. He has served in England and North Africa, and when last heard from was with the R A. F. bomber command stationed at Malta 'in' the Mediterranean. His many friends con grain late Mr. and Mrs. Masson on the honor their son has won in the fighting forces.
JAMES A. MILLAR
B A.. L L L
Paints and Varnish Cold Water Wall Tinting Enamels and Stains
also see
Our New 1942 Wallpaper Book
advocate, barrister.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyl.’.JHotel, Campbell", Bay •very Wednesday
etc
morning
At Pontiac Ho use, Shaw ville
Miss Loreen Hodgins to be Married in Ottawa on Saturday
Wednesday at Noon
The marriage of Miss Loreen Ethel (lodgin'*, daughter of Mr, and Mrs \V. E N. Hodgins, to Lac. Clinton Douglas McLean, only son of Mr. and Mrs Freeman A. Mu Lean, which takes place on Saturday, March 28th, at three o'clock in Stewarton United Church. The bride will he given in marilage by iier father and will be attended by Miss Ina McDowell, of Shaw • ville, as bridesmaid. Lac Dwane Mark ley, R C, A F., will be best man.

Annual Short Course Very Successful
HARLAND C. ROWAT
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
-f Estate C. J. Caldwell •-
notary public
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Honourable J. G. Gardiner Inspires Farmers to Greater Efforts
Benny Killoran and Allan Young Win Public Speaking Contests
d OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C
Advocate Birvl ate. Solicitor, etc
Offi« b : Campbell’* Bsy, Quebec
(In Lawn Block)
The 12th annual Shot t Course in Agriculture held last week in Shaxvville and District was one of the best events of its kind ever held in the district. The judges, who had charge of the demonstration and judging competitions, stated that much of the judging work done by the young people, was of a high order. All support era of the event are to be congratu lated on the crowning success of
persistent
efforts of the young people, who took an active part, in all the contests provided by the committee i* especially appreciated. All the boys, who took part in the Public Speaking Contest, were well received and deserve high, praise.
The Agricultural Society, in cooperation with the Agronomist, stage the event which this year was or. a different plan than in former years. In other years, all
.T3M .«.*£ '¦f *"«• w» «<
afternoon and evening program community no*pita#ggggggggg|
was held at each of the following	T ...
nlnce.: Ladysmith. Stark’. Cornera, , After a lingering ilhiex the Bristol, and two day. and evening , death occurred at Pontiac Com-urograms, at Slia w ville. The con- j m'mity Hoapital, Friday morning, tests at each of the out lying points ,'d Paul King, aged 111 years were supported by approximately The deceased wa« the son of Mr. young people, while the evening »»d Mrs. XV illiam King, of Leslie
testions for grownups were township.	.	..	^
attended by approximately 250	. Besides bis he is survived by two
persons at each point. Numerous asters and one brother Mrs classes of seeds and live stock, Albert Richard, of Otter Lake and judged and weed specimens Lyjlm nnu hlmus, at home.
identified. Judging was keen at The funeral was held on Sunday U l)0ints	afternoon to Zion Lutheran Church
At Sha w ville, spirited contests at Sch wartz. Rev. K. Sobbe i on took place with 80 boys engaged, ducted the service.	_
The following live stock classes were judged:—Southdown Sheep.
Holstein Cattle, Jersey Cattle,
Yorkshire market hogs, and in addition, a class of Wiltshire sides was placed. Several classes of large and small seeds were judged, and a set of weeds identified.
Prof. L. G. Heim pel, XV A Blackburn, C B. Dalton and N.
A. Drummond, comprised the regular staff of speakers.
On Thursday evening, a public meeting that filled Shawville Theatre, listened to the young men give their addresses in the public-speaking contest. In the senior division, Bea Killoran. of Onslow, attending Shawville High School, was first, and Douglas Fill }• ford, of Stark's Corners, second In the junior division, the five contestants were all Shawville boy.», and the judges gave their decisions in regard to their addresses as follows 1 Allen Young ; 2 Billy Thomson: 3 Desmond Hodgins and James Chant, equal ;	4 Sterling
Hobbs. During the evening a number of reels from the National Film Board were shown.
On Friday evening, the Theatre was again filled to hear an addres* by the Honourable J. G. Gardiner,
Minister of Agriculture, in which he called upon the farmers for increased production of hogs, cheese, and eggs, as their partie tv lar service in winning the war.
The Minister was welcomed by Mayor G. G. McDowell, and the President of the Agricultural Society, Mr, John It. McDowell, and was formally iotiodmed by the Federal Member, Mr. W. R McDonald, and following his very compendious and much appréciât cd address, was thanked by the Provincial Member, Mr. E 0
Lawn.	,	.	.	,
Mr. N. A Drummond, the local
Agronomist, was chairman for both meetings in the Theatre.
A complete list of other prize winners w ill be published in next
issue of The Equity.
Miss Evelyn Doff Honoured

On Tuesday evening nf la»t week the members of the Y P. V , of St. Andrew's United Church, Bristol. gathered at the home of Mr. and Mrs. J, B. Duff, Maryland, for a farewell party in honour of their daughter, Miss Evelyn, who is leaving shortly for Ottawa,
During the evening Miss Duff was presented with a gift from the Union, this xvas accompanied hy appropriate address read by the president.
Miss Duff, completely taken by surprise, expressed her thinks in gracious terms.
The evening «pent in games and singing, after which refreshments were served.
Quebec Red Cross Send 147,400 Finished Articles Overseas
Fashions for Spring
# # # #
DONAT Le GUERRIER
During the first two months of the piesent year the Quebec Provincial Division of the Canadian Red Cross shipped overseas a total of 147,400 finished articles valued at 058,200 according to the latest statement issued at Red Cross House, Montreal.
These supplies included garments for the active forces. Women’s auxiliary «-ei vises, civilian relief, civilian defence workeis and hospital supplies.
The report shows that during January 75.300 finished articles; valued at $2(5,150 were sent over seas. This shipment included 20, (521 articles for the active forces and military hospitals, valued at
$11,101	ÜI
Women’s auxiliary forces, valued at $1,350; 45.103 articles for civilian relief, valued at $13,210 anti 77
articles for civilian defence work
ers. valued at $423.
The February shipment totalled 72,174 articles valued at $32,082. it included 35,471 articles for the active forces and military liospi-
mimbbhmbbbbi
articles for the Womens auxiliary forces, valued at 81,200 articles for civilian relief, valued at $14,530 and 152 articles for civilian defence workers, valued at
$150.
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
The
their efforts
Biancli at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with by con et p < 1 ciu
an
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT .. BARRISTER HULL, QUEBEC
At Broili.1 foots Hotel Campbell’s Bay every Tuesday at Noon.
At Pontiac House Shawville every
Tuesday Evening

i
was pleasantly
SPECIAL SHOWING OF LADIES
3,10t> articles for the
HATS
COATS
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
valued at $111,200; 2,502
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
«.«811
were
609 Drummond Medical Building
AND
Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE PLATEAU 63 8 S
ACCESSORIES
Plant at Haley's To Cost $2,675,000
Clarendon Women's Institute Hold Annual Meeting
0%. WALLACE J.W. HODGINS
Cost of a magnesium plant be" in g built at Haley’s Station will be $2,675.000, Munitions Minister Howe said in the House of Commons nn Wednesday, replying to questions by P. E. Wright (C.C.F.. Mel fort).
This expenditure provides for a plant with a capacity of 10 tons of magnesium a day. Increase to a 20 con a day output would make the cost approximately $3,000,000.
Patents on the new extraction process to be used at the plant are registered in the name of Dr. L. M. Pigeon, according to the rules of the National Research Council and will in due course be assigned to Dominion Magnesium, Limited,
The annual meeting of Clarendon Women’s'Institute was held at the home of Mrs. Henry Horner, Shawville. on Wednesday afternoon with 11 members and 6 visitors present*
The president Mrs. Harry Hodgins, was in the chair.
Letters of appreciation from soldier* overseas were read.
Five quilts and other articles were donated to the Red Cross.
Mm. Hazelwood Elliott read a paper on “ Home Economics. ” Roll Call was answered by giving recipes with sugar substitutes.
The Election of Officers was as follows:—
President, Mrs. Hart y Hodgins; Vice-Presidents Mrs. Wilber Horner, Mrs. Pearl Garrety and Mrs. Hazelwood Elliott; Sec treas, Minerva Corrigan:	Assistant, Mrs.
Leonard Horner.
Week of
March 30th to April 4th
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St .Catherine Street West MONTREAL, QUE.
B6LAIR 3?57
H,K. NEILSON, M.D.
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat
SPECIALIST
I
i

ONT.
OTTAWA.
Don't miss this big Annual Event
which will operate the plant without fee or profit, Mr. Howe said
RHONE, 2-7961
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA, ONTARIO
Wife of Former Pastor of Stark’s Corners Baptist Churek Dies at Santa Monica, Cal.
—Conveners—	I
Agriculture—Mrs. Thomas Steph 1
ens
Education—Mrs. Leonard Horner.
Home Economics and Canadian
Industries—Miss Peur! Kilgonr, ....	.,	.	.	. , L
National and International affairs	on .1 l.„u«l .ndmu.cular.y.d.f.ct.
Hazelwood Elliott.
Welfare and Health—Mrs. R, H.
Elliott
Publicity -Minerva Cot rigan.
At the close of the meeting refreshments were served by the hostess assisted by Mrs. R. H.
Elliott and Mrs. Harry Hodgins. •
Word has been received here of the recent death in Sgpta Monica, Cal., nursing home, of Christina Rogers, wife of Rev. George Rogers, who was a former pastor of the Starks Corners and Wyman Baptist Churches, serving during the years 1900 to 1907 Sne was a native of Scotland, coming t<> this country in her youth, and was married to Mr. Rogers, becoro. lug a valuable assistant to him in
qj	te rigMBHPHHHHHpBH
Corners, she took a prominent part in community life, being particularly active in the Templar-lodge and the XV. C. T. U. She ism vived by her husband, who i living retired at Los Angles ; tw«* sons. Hugh and Alfred ; and two daughters. Mrs. William Sauce» and Miss Lina Rogers, of the same city.
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
T, T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. OptmetriFt
Reg. Optometrist
Gordon T. Paul I N SU RANGE
life. While at Starks
NOTICE
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
Notice is hereby given th it the annual general meeting of tie Pontiac Community Hospital, Inc., will be held at the Shawville Theatre, at 2 p.m. on Friday, April 10th, 1942.
Presence of all members is requested and a cordial invitation is extended to all interested in the Hospital.
THE W. A. HODGINS STORE
Quebec
Shawville
SHAWVILLE
QUE
•I
###PAGE###2###

Commentary on Current Events
A $50,000 UPSET
VOICE
THE WAR - WEEK
Generalissimo Chiang .Kai-Shek
Urges Full Support From India


THE
O F



%
PRESS
y*



NO COURAGE IN ESCAPISM
“No; escapism at this time Is not good enough, means keep as long as we whatever joys are left in life; keep our sense of humor and all of the love and kindliness that should exist in human comradeships and within homes and families; and keep a> well our ideas of justice and sportsmanship and fair play, and our inherited instincts of v >	i . nd mercy
But,	4 fast to
method, however, by which the
peoples of the world could achieve their freedom might he different from what it used to be.
The anti aggression nation* now expect that in this now era the people of India will voluntarily hear their full share of responsibility In the present struggle for the survival of a free world, ta which India must play her part The vast majority of world opinion is In full sympathy with India's aspirations for freedom. Thie sympathy Is so valuable and ee difficult to obtain that it cannot be appraised in terms of money or material and should therefore by all means be retained.
The present struggle is one between freedom and slavery, between light and darkness, between good and evil, between resistance and aggression. Should the antiaggression front loee the war, world civilization would suffer a setback for at least 100 years and there would be no end of human
On Feb. 21 Generalissimo Chiang Kai-Shek, in a message addressed to the Indian people on the eve of his return to China, called for their "utmost exertion" In the cause of freedom and asked Britain to grant India "real political power" Immediately, The text of the message follows:
During my two weeks’ stay In I India I had the opportunity of discussing very frankly with the high! est civil and military authorities as well as with my Indian friends questions concerning Joint plans against aggression and the objective ! of our common efforts. I was happy to find that there was full sym | pathy and general understanding between 98	'
My mission Is now drawing to a 1* close. On the eve of my departure I wish to bid farewell to all my friends In India and to thank you for the many kindnesses showered upon Mine. Chiang and myself.
The briefness, of my stay has not permitted me to tell the Indian people all that I wished to say. I avail myself of this opportunity to address to them this farewell message. It Is an expression of my high and warm regard and of long cherished hopes for India. It comes from the depth of my heart.
Since my arrival In this country I found to my great satisfaction that there exists among the people of India a unanimous determination to oppose aggression.
China and India
China and India comprise one-half of the world’s population. Their common frontier extends 3,000 kilometers. In the 2,000 years' history of their Intercourse, which has been of a purely cultural and commercial character, there has never been any armed conflict. Indeed, nowhere else can one find so long a period of uninterrupted peace between two neighboring countries.
This Is irrefutable proof that our two people# are peace-loving by nature. Today they have not only Identical Interests but also the same destiny. For this reason they are duty bound to side with anti-aggression countries and to fight shoulder to shoulder In order to secure reel peso# for the whole world.
Moreover, our two peoples have a* outstanding virtue In common —^namely, the noble spirit of selfsacrifice for the sake of Justice and righteousness. It Is this traditional spirit which should move them toward self-negation for the salvation of mankind. It arms
against aggression and in It is also this spirit which prompted China to be the first to take up the present, war to ally herself unhesitatingly with other antiaggression countries not merely for the purpose of securing her own freedom but also for the purpose of securing Justice and freedom for all.
I venture to suggest to my
brethren people of India at this most critical moment In the history of civilization that our two peoples should exert themselves to the utmost In the cause of freedom
of all mankind, for only in a free world could the Chinese and Indian peoples obtain their freedom. Furthermore, should freedom be denied to either China or India, there could be no real international peace.
Let us by all
can
AX



m


V

these things, refusing to abandon ourselves to sombre nightmares of

Pictured above Is an upset for turf history books. It shows The Rhymer, Green tree Stiibles
pounding across the line, Jockey Arcaro up. In the seventh running of the $50,000 Widener Cup Race at Miami's Hialeah Park. The favorite, Market Tv.se, and all the “name nags like Mloland, Attention and Challedon, finished ’way back in the field of 1 < starters. Best teller was second and Olympus third.
“un-
known," 15-to-l- shot,
gloom, let us not try to create within or among ourselves a false psychology ot escape from this Courage, the great need of the hour, cannot he born of that.
—Ottawa Journal.
war.
You don’t dodge any more and you get that feeling that it doesn’t matter what stands in your way.
Then you have time to realize that your mobile fortress is giving you a degree of safety you didn’t know existed. Instead of a copse of saplings such as we ploughed through you imagine a woods full of hostile machine-gunners and you know that their bullets will spatter harmlessly on the steel hull of your tank.
Yrou know, too, that the crew of well-trained “tankers” under battle conditions will be spraying the ground ahead of them with shells and machine-gun bullets at a far faster rate than the best fire-power concentrated in any attacks in other wars.
It all adds up to a feeling of jauntiness and by the time your first ride comes to an end you feel like tipping your hat to one side ai d “walking with an air.”
But that jauntiness is an assured and sensible one, not a “devil-may-care^' attitude. Tanks and the myriad other cross-country vehicles our boys are driving in the individual citizen's army of today, are not turning them into reckless drivers when they get on to the road in civilian cars.
The effect is almost opposite. Once you get back into an automobile you think to yourself, “thie thing isn’t armoured and un-hurtable like that tank I was Just in—I've got to handle this more oarefully I"
Yes, they’re a cocky lot—these “tankers 1” And they have a right te be. They spend their fighting hours in cramped, hot, noisy quarters and feel like stretching when they get out.
They have an exhilarating job. They charge across country undaunted by obstacles. They carry the battle to, through and beyond the enemy. That sort of thing calls for light-hearted efficiency that same light-hearted efficiency guarantees a cocky bearing and a Jaunty stride.
But middle-aged newspapermen, though they catch the enthusiasm and experience the exhilaration, don't quits manage the jaunty stride when they laboriously climb out—they are too busy feeling for the bruises that the youngster doesn't get
No wonder the major was ¦lightly hysterical—he knew what we would look like when we climbed down.
feront.
sü»;
DANGEROUS BB RIFLES
A strong campaign is being started Against the use of BB rifles m the hands of small boys. In Hi ant ford, still another boy has lost the sight of one eye and many complaints are coming in from all parts of the province. One doctor in Brantford tells of treating three cases of wounding by BB guns in one week. There should be far greater restrictions on the sale of BB guns and ammunition to minors and it ie te be hoped the recent shootings in various parts of Ontario will bring such restrictions into being.
—Niagara Falls Review.
7Citizen’s L.
?v 3«TArmy fH
A Weekly Column About This and That m The Canadian Army

suffering.
Japan’s Record In Asia So far as Asia la concerned, the cruelties committed by the Jape-militarists are beyond do-
looked at each other. We looked at the sergeant. There was no mistake about the twinkle in Ms
eye.
sorlptlon. The suffering and oppression, which have been tho fate of Formosans and Koreans since their subjugation by Japan, should serve as a warning.
regards barbarities eo milled by the Japanese Army since war of resistance, the fall of Nanking In December, 1937, la a esse In point. Over 200,000 civilians were massacred within one week.
For the last five years the civilian population of Free China has been subjected almost daily to bombings from the air and bombardments by heavy artillery, Ii every place invaded by Japanese troops, men, women and chlldr were either assaulted or killed. The young men and the educated people received their special attention with the result that men of Intelligence and Ideas have bee* tortured.
Nor Is this all. Institutions of culture, objects of historical Interest and value and even articles necessary for livelihood, such as cooking utensils, plows, tools and domestic animals have been eith
Once upon a time the cockiest looking soldier you would enooun ter was the Highlander, characterised. by the swing of his kilt and bia glistening white spats.
Today kilts are very seldom seen and the palm for cockiness has to be awarded to the Tank Corps man who wears a beret at a cocky angle and walks the streets with an air reminiscent of Kip. ling's cat to wh
We climbed in. By the time I had hoisted a middle-aged leg over the rim of the gun turret 1 seemed an awful distance from the ground.
A slightly hysterical major, who roared with laughter from start to finish of the ride, advisee me to stand on the gunner’s stool with my head and shoulders in the “You’ll see more from
And
Al
our
HUTS FROM HOLLAND
A shipment of 25,000 huts recently arrived on the Russian front from Holland, could house 25 Nazis and each hut was fitted out comfortably.
That is only one indication el the way Hitler Is using the occupied countries to further his cam-
-Windsor Star
all places are
Each hut
And all places are alike to him. From the iteel-walled turret at hie tank he looks at everything he encounter» with the unbiased,
unworried
open.
there.” I felt more, too. every time I looked Inside during the quarter of an hour that we oareeerd up hill and down dale there was tha major, wedged in a corner of the gun turret, cackling horribly at my wild attempts to lessen the force of the buffets delivered by the plunging iron hippopotamus.
The tank man, to Judge by my reactions, has a sense of power and Invincibility as he advances steadily with a disregard for anything confronting him that no other soldier feels. Certainly I never felt it in France a quarter of a aentury ago.
One# you have safely clambered out of the tank after your fin* taip you realise that you have never had such a feeling of safetv In any mode of travel before, ft didn't seem quite the same when the driver put on apeed, hurtled down a steep bank, rolled a few boulders aside, took a ditch le stride, climbed the side slope of a hill, turned in his tracks and charged down it again and headed straight for a tall and very thicklooking tree.
After the first tree it was dif-
and
look eI a man who knows he can brush aside any barrier, surmount any obstacle.
In the interests ef Ike readers ef this column I made an invest!
paigns.
o—
THE LITTLE DARLINGS
One effect of the sugar rationing, as reported by a Toronto grocer, is that many customers who previously had only one ee
two children now come in and brag about their large families. . Trying to kid him!
gallon into what makes a “tanker"
tiek a few day# ago.
Because I am net as young as I used to be and, therefore, a mite on the clumsy side I have a few assorted bruises ts report that the , fit, well-trained tank man
Ottawa Ckisea.

forcibly taken sway or destroyed. In places under Japanese military
occupation rape, rapine, incendiarism, murder are frequent occ rencea.
Moreover, they have with official
connivance everywhere opened opium dene, gambling houses and houses of Ill-fame In order te sap the vitality of the people and destroy their spirit. Such is the disgraceful conduct of the Jap*-neee, the like of which ie not found in countries Invaded by other aggressor nations. What I have just said is but an inadequate deeoriptlon of the true state ef affairs as reported by Chinese and foreign eyewitnesses.
India’s Support Urged
In these horrible lima* of savagery and brute force, the people of China and their brethren people of India should for the sake of civilization and human freedom give their united support te the principles embodied in the Atlantic Charter and In the Joint declaration of twenty-six nations, and alT> themselves with the antiaggression front. I hope they will wholeheartedly Join the Allies namely, China. Great Britain, America and the Soviet Union, and participate in the struggle for the survival of a free world until complete victory Is achieved and the duties Incident upon them In these troubled times have been fully discharged.
Lastly, I sincerely hope and 1 confidently believe that our Ally Great Britain, without waiting for any demands on the part of the people of India, will as speedily as possible give them real political power so that they may be in a position further to develop their spiritual and material strength and thus realize that their participation in the war is not merely aid to the anti-aggression nation# for securing victory but also the turning point in their struggle for India's freedom. From the objeo-tive point of view, 1 am of the opinion this would be the wisest policy which will- redound to the credit of the British Empire.
not.
WHY NEWSPAPERS ARE LIKE
WOMEN
1.	They are thinner than they used to be.
2.	There is a bold face type.
8. Back numbers are not in demand.
4.	They have a great deal ef Influence.
5.	Every man should have one ef his own and not chase eftee
his neighbor's.
St. Thomas Times-Journal
Perhaps I'd better begin at the beginning.
The Commandant of the Training Centre said — hie eyes may have been twinkling, I oouidn't see because ef the shine on hie fiasses — “weÜ have a tank brought round for yon te look at" That was #R right didn't stop at that
But it When the
nd
a helpful sergeant poked his head eut ef the driver's hatch and said: “Shall I take the gentlemen for a ride, air 7”
Bew Bowman ef the C.B.Ç., the reason for the plural. We
INCONSISTENT The odd thing about Mr. Eamea de Valera, Premier of Sire, la that, while be will not allow British ships the use of Eire's bases, he is perfectly content to allow British ships to convoy goods from the U. S. to Eire.
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
E0H
% m
Brantford Expositor.
US z/.OPE
—0—
IT DOES THE JOB
Toxoid treatment does prevent diphtheria. This has been proved te the hilt in scores and hundreds of cities. The moral Is clear. No parent should dare to allow any child of his to go without immunization against diphtheria.
—Edmonton Journal.
%


w

%
t
%
Air Force Needs
Radio Mechanics
%

%
A World Divided
The present International sltua-tin divides the world into two camps, the aggiession camp and the anti-aggression camp. All those who opposed aggression by striving for the freedom of their country and of other countries should join the anti-aggression camp. There is no middle course and there is no time to wait for developments.
Now is the crucial moment for the whole future ot mankind. The issue before us does not concern the dispute of any one man or country, nor does it concern any specific questions now pending between one people and another. Any people therefore which joins the anti-aggression front may be said to be eeoperating, not with any particular country, but with the entire front.
This leads us to believe that the Pacific war is the turning point in the history of nationalism. The*
*
<2
The Royal Canadian Air Force needs radio mechanics who have had some university training for work with the radio detector— the secret instrument which detects enemy aircraft.
Men enlisting for duty as radio detector operators will be required to sign on for attachment to either the Roya1 Canadian Navy or the Canadian Army. This is a new requirement. • Regardless of the attachment, to either the navy or army, the personnel will remain members of the air force.
Operation of radio detectors is a highly specialized work and a mighty dangerous gtound job. Detector personnel is just as important to the ground forums as air crew is to the flying personnel for they play an important part in the protection^! the land units.
GREATEST OMELET
If there was any point to it, the world’s greatest omelet could be made from the 3,311,000,000 eggs which were laid by 368,000,000 hens in the United States in the month of January last.
—Woodstock Sentinel-Review.


3F'

?




Wi -



f r
V
0

WHAT A R P. MEANS
It still seems in effect that most of the argument about A.R.P. comes down to whether those letters stand for air raid perhaps or air raid probably.
—Vancouver Province.
\N
9
/ •»
)

0
3
$3*
AUTOMOBILE PROGRESS
1940—	No running boards.
1941—	No gear shifts.
1942—	No tires.
1943—	No cars


if
Grit

y

/%/

Huge Food Orders For Great Britain
“Do you mean you’re the guy that ordered this bed? ! !”
REG’LAR FELLERS—The Tryout
By GENE BYRNES
The British Food Ministry has intimated through the Minister of Agriculture at Ottawa that it will be in the market this year for 10,000 long tons of Canadian beans. This information is being passed along to the bean growing centres. Price quotations are sought
Canada will be sending a lot of food over this year, if it «all gets there. The campaign of sinkings is being much intensified and the new risk they suggest is not overlooked.	^
The bacon order is over 600,000,000 pounds and the wheat order 176,000,000 bushels.
Millions of pounds of cheese, butter, prepared meats and fruits Outer into the food consignment
» an. '
1

0
YOU IRE. GETTING TOO FAT, PUOCHNHEAD/ YOU BETTE
MANY
WELL DONE, PUDD1NHEAD,
MY BOY/YOU CERTAIN Y DID A FINE JOB THAT TIME/
3/;
Sr
1 WONDER IF I HAVE THE WILL POWER. HO WALK RIGHT PAST
the store? ,
COME BACK JU AN' I'LL
TRCATCMA /

STOP EAT I

./

m
V
nr '
' i
* O -
7
.4
't'
SPECIAL
Tom Y ,
1
e #
/
t
Ûi
y
'’l
Û4AMNA
SJPUT
yi /»
V

V*
*0<f

V



K3

1


%

x>-
<*•
4
X


l r«t ottu*. 4
###PAGE###3###
BU ff UK WH
IN 1942?,
BAD NEWS FOR AUSTRALIA
They waited another hour after Barbara was revived.
"We juit want to make mu a there isn't someth Inf we can’t do," Uncle Hank Insisted.
"Frankly, there is,” the doctor told them. "The patient lost a lot of blood during* tho operation. We need a transu fusion you care to be typed ?" 0
"Take me." I n 1 Hunk said.
"She'll faint again."
Barbara turned a furious look her uncle and took the doctor aside for a few whispered words. The doctor smiled.
He took them both into the laboratory and told them to roll up their sleeves.
1
HELP CANADA KEEP FIT
1
i





T
' *


CSS
\
»
CONSULT
1942
t|#



L^ÿRabôoi
, BRlTAI^rWj!

N
i
*
Would
< 0
«
^Tim
Darwin**
s#

m
i

IxM

4

APE YORK
A
!
on
F
%
|S
ov°

f'

t
in store lot Will in-
S
how will four fortunes fare?
RA^AKV3 PHWJPHET1C ALMANAC bas been world-anowh for aocuxaU Jor*-'
tmm
Read both the month-br-month and day-
sas-
YOU and four friends *	¦
ssr “ans-r « r %
pr.rSît?:P*înîrot'heîhSlpfïl °f^lnatlnf features I Biggest 36t worth in the an tire astrological field tods a '
9

I
years
PH

The above map «hows were Japanese troops made their first landing on New Guinea, at Salamaua, in what apparently is a prelude to the "Battle of Australia." The new Japanese landing is only 890 miles from Cape York, Australia. Arrow shows how the invaders probably advanced from bases at Kahaul and the Bismarck and Solomon Inland». The Japanese had previously gained a foothold Timor, 290 miles northwest of Australia.__________
The Gentle Art
Of Branding Bees
?
Nabisco Shredded Wheat plays its part in the National Fitness program because it is 100% whale wheat, recognised by all food authorities as one of the “protective*’ foods. In Nabisco Shredded Wheat the whemt éetm is retained in its entirety with all the bran and minerals in the unmilled wheat.
Serve two Nabisco Shredded Wheat, with milk, at breakfast—-or any other meal I Make sure you get all the protective elements of whole wheat in this
«5£h>.d whiat company, ltd.
Dugan Blake blinked through the light that streamed through the window and it hurt
He made out the face of Hank Chase on his right and then he turned slowly to look at Barbara. She took his hand. "Darling,"
You're going to

a

He tried to frown

¦he whisered. be all right.7
An incredulous look came into Dpgan’a eyes. "Did you say ‘darling’," he whisered.
Uncle Hank stood up wear yourself out, my boy, by trying to figure this thing right When you get some strength, •he’ll probably tell you you’re going to marry her.’’
Barbara’s eyes glistened. "And if you refuse I’ll take back my blood."
"I was going to give you mine, Dugan," Hank said, "but she got tv the doctor first. Said it was the right of a future wife, the little cheat."
Dugan pressed her hand against "Wait’ll the tribe hears
on
Ay
¦
TABLE TALKS
NABISCO
SHREDDED WHEAT
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Adventures In Economy
'Don't
"Hand me the brandin’ iron, podner, while I got a rope Queen, here.”
Queen is a bee. The roper if Bertram R. Olsen, of Texas, who his method of marking the
AT ALL NEWSSTANDS
OR MAIL COUPON BELOW
ONLY 35c
on
now
I The Musson Book Company lAé I 484 UnivtTHity Av»nuf,
Toronto, Ont.
Almanat for 1U42.
The homemaker going to market with her basket over her arm to seek health and nourishment for her family has probably fewer coins in her purse than last year. Swollen budgets are a challenge to her ingenuity for it takes careful planning and clever manipulation to arrange wholesome but attractive meals when dollars
saya
honey-hustlers is a secret.
Eight of his hives were stolen. Five of them, repainted to eeeape detection, have been recovered through the bee brands.
He expects to have the other three any day now.
fact that Briar Hill won didn’t affect her as much as the news
Sue had told her.
She got Uncle Hank off by himself that night after dinner.
"Has Larry Grover made any overtures to you to keep Dugan Blake in New York?” she demanded.
Uncle Hank packed his pipe before he spoke
In fact, 1 thought it would be a good idea for the future and talked to Dugan about it, but he hardly listened to what 1 had to say. Never dreamed he was in such a hurry to get hack to Oklahoma.
Barbara got an intense feeling of satisfaction out of that. So, he was putting hi* tail between his legs and running out proper.
Good. Very good. Mr. Dugan Blake, the terror of the tribe, definitely had decided safety of his Oklahoma oil fields.
She settled back on the rear of
Sue’s convertible and awaited the i	e	g-%	. •
championship game between Briar reiïlIlllCail KatlOIl Hill and Ocean Side. Well, it	.1?
had been an interesting interlude. | [VleCtS EJTiCrgeilCy She stole a sidelong glance at
Uncle Hank.
Next time Uncle Hank had any ideas about springing a fast one her, he’d think twice.
I
Lessons In Love
i
I
I
by
Mam*
JERRY BRONDFIELD
j
LAST WEEK: After Larry
Umoo her, he proposes to Bar-She realises she doesn’t love him and rejects his offer of marriage. She refuses to admit that she is romantically interested m Dugan, hut alone at home she
herself that falling hs love with Blahe is not a repossibility. She determines little of him during tho
Larry, however, trim to persuade Dugan to re ¦ in New Yorh. They tails about It after they have won the first game in the round robin
Dugan says he had back to Ohlahoma.
Troops’ Dependents To Be Repatriated
his lip»	BMJBBj
about the blue blood in these
redskin veins. They’ll disown me."
"Let ’em," Barbara whispered. "I’ll sign for all right* to you."
(THE END)
then in com flake crumbs to which the salt and pepper have been added. Arrange in pan under a moderately hot broiler heat and broil until corn flakes are toasted, about five mniutes twice with remaining oil while
bn
are scarce.
Wise choice must be made, as ,.nders before attractive fruits and vegetables. The quart of milk allowed for each child need not all be fresh milk; evaporated milk will do for many things in cooking. Cereals are of the least expensive foods. They furnish a large supply of energy for the amount of money invested. Whole grain cereals are also a source of minerals, vitamins and bulk, and are necessary when the amount of fresh fruits and vegetables has to be decreased.
From the standpoint of food value, fruits and vegetables are very similar. Vegetables may be made to serve double duty. Raw cabbage is a good source of Vitamin C. Oranges, onions, turnips, parsnips and carrots are all excellent sources of food value and minerals.
Dried fruits, peas and beans are just as nourising as fresh ones and are usually cheaper they cost less in bulk than in fancy packaged varieties. Care should be taken to supply bulk in the form of whole grain cereals and the cheaper raw vegetables.
"Yes, he did.
one
«n
Free transportation to Canada for the wives, widows and young children of men in the Canadian
armed services will be
Baste
• to
À Glamorous Dancer Discovers There’s A Price To Pay For New Successes
Another Man’s Wife
By DONNA ASHWORTH
Beginning
Next Week
overseas
provided by the Dominion government.
The government will pay minimum cost transportation, ocean and rail, to destination in Canada for wives, and children under 18, of personnel returning to this country for discharge or for some other more or less permanent po-The same provision is
toasting.
Yield: 6 servings.
Baked Bananas
Remove peel and scrape ban-Dip in lemon juice, then flake crumbs mixed with
1 few days
anas
in com
brown sugar. Bake in a moderate (360°F.) about thirty min-
CS
series er go
oven
utes.
on the
Mis» Chamber» welcome» pereeael letter» from letereeted reader». She I» pleaeed to receive »u**e»tlom* on topic» for her column, and la even ready to Helen to your "pet peeve»." Hequeete for recipe» or ¦peclel menu» are la order. Address your letter» to "Ml»» Sadie H. Chamber». 73 West Adelaide Street. Toronto." Send stamped self-nddre*sed envelope If you wish a reply.
BLOOD TIES
¦ition
made for widows, and children under 18, where Canadian personnel die abroad.
Work of repatriation will be conducted by the Immigration Branch here.
Applications arising in British Isles should be addressed to the Commissioner of Emigration, Sackille House, 40 Piccadilly, Ixmdon Canada, including applications for refund, should be addressed to the Director of Immigration, in
CHAPTER XII
Sue cam© along to pick up Barbara after lunch. They swung off through the gray stone gates of the Chase estate and down the ooth oiled road toward the polo field.
"I spoke to Larry Grover this
morning,” Sue said.
"You did? You mean to say you got up at ten o’clock for that early game? Sue, you’re losing your mind.”
"No, just like polo.” She continued: “I spoke to Larry •aid he proposed to you last night, and you passed him up.”
Barbara was surprised.
Carried In All Lifeboats In Britain’s Merchant Navy
the
Having No Car Means All This
Eskimos and trappers of the frozen north who ate their dried strips of caribou meat and pom-mican have passed on the idea of this highly concentrated form of food to save shipwrecked sail-from starvation, says The Brockville Recorder and Times.
AH lifeboats in Britain’s merchant navy are now equipped with nourishing compact foods, among them this concentrated mixture of beef extracts of high calorific It is, of course, a much scientific product than the of Fenimorc Cooper,
on
Also
Those arising in
Larry was just mounting his
horse when Dugan came |
:	.... not that you’ll need
any added inspiration now, but T want to wish you the best of
with Barbara." He
Sort of Economy That Will Beat Germans fay# The St.-Thomas Times-journal
over
"Larry
Ottawa
He
ora
UNES OF LYRIC LOVELINESS
Bananas arc one of the most nutritious fruits and when fully ripe are easily digested by old and young.
The last passenger car until the La over was completed a few
luck
extended his hand|^H^^^^^I Larry Grover leaned down over
"What ?"
war
days ago at Gem rsl Motai plant. Oshawa. There are probably no passenger automobiles being made In Canada today. Very’ near the situation exista In the Unlt-
"Why
but what made Larry bring
—yes, that up?”
"Guess he had to unburden his soul to someone, and I was handy, in a motherly sort of way."
"Of course,” Barbara said
ft
his horse’s neck
"Of course, I—1 happened to
Fee you in the garden the night of the dance, and—well can’t I wish you the best of everythin!'? Hhe’s a groat gW, Larry," lie add..4 slowly. 1 Maned out to spin her like a top, and she wound up having,me in a whirl. Noil
don’t mind, do you?"
Larry grinned down at him. “Well, I’ll be—Look, save it, son. I’ve something to tell you later."
To Dugan, that word "later" typified the end of everything that was to come. This polo game just to be a final piece of business before he
34-36
Baked Onions
For baking onions, choose a large mild-flavorcd variety. Cut the onions in half crosswise and simmer in slightly salted water until about half done. Lift the onions out and arrange in a baking dish (if they do not stand up easily, they may be baked in muffin tins). Remove the centres without disturbing the outer layers. Chop the onion centres and add to the staffing described below. Fill the onion shells with this mixture; cover and bake in a moderate oven for about one-half hour, or until the onions are tender. Remove the cover from the baking dish during the last of the cooking so that the onions will brown well on top.
Stuffing for Four Onion*
1 tablespoon butter or other fat % teaspoon savory seasoning Onions from centres, chopped % pound ground meat (may be hamburger, chopped bacon or leftovers)
\'% cup corn flakes 1 sprig of parsley, cut fine % cup chopped celery % teaspoon salt % teaspoon pepper
Melt the butter in a frying pan, add the celery and onion, and cook for two or three miuntes. Add the ground meat, and stir until the juice evaporates ano the meat browns slightly. Then add the corn flakes and seasonings and stir until well mixed.
Toasted Carrot* or Parsnips People who usually do not like carrots or parsnips, will relish them prepared in this manner.
12 cooked small whole carrots or parsnips
M cup salad oil, margarine, or butter
% cup fine com flake crumbs 1 teaspoon salt H teaspoon pepper
Dip carrots or parsnips in oil.
value
more
same
ed States. This creates an economic problem for automobile deal-and salesmen and for the service stations. Their only consolation is that there will be more repair work on cars while the wails on, and that after the war there will be an unprecedented 1 the auto business. These restrictions are necessary, however, to enable us to win the war. Here are some facts which the United States War Productions Boards asks the public to note:
For every 24 autos we are not making this year we save steel and rubber enough for a single 27-ton medium tank.
For each automobile we are not making this year we save enough tin to coat 1,000 cans in which to put food for soldiers and sailors.
For every 700 automobiles we
are not making this y.*ar we save enough aluminum to make one fighter plane.
For each automobile we are not making this year we save enough nickel to make 100 pounds of nickel steel for armor plate, projectiles and armor-piercing bullets.
For every automobile that isn't made this year we will save great quantities of steel, nickel, rubber, chrome, zinc! copper, tin, aluminum
and other materials—save them to make weapons to help win the

;
x
pemmican being a beef extract with a high
fat content.
Each man
dryly.
"Ij&rry also said he’s trying to get Dugan Blake to stay in New York. Or at least to come back here soon and stay.”
"He WHAT?”
"I knew that would get you. Well, here we are, and it’s your
problem from now on.”
* # #
Barbara sat throughout eight ehukkers of polo, but her mind wasn’t on the game. Even the
ere
S

is suppled with fourteen ounces of it, enough for
a	^ÊÊÊHÊÊÊÊ
ounce, taken with other concentrated foods now forming part of the equipment in ships' lifeboats, will make a meal for one man, and special measuring spoons are supplied with which the extract is spread on the new type of ship’s biscuit.
Great explorers of the past have carried this highly concentrated food on their expeditions. Supplies of it went north with Nansen, and south with Shackle-ton and Scott; it was used by the Mount Everest climbers and the British airmen who made the first attempt to fly around the world; as well as in the 1938 Greenland Expedition, the Washburn Expedition in 1939, the British Canadian Arctic Expedition, the British Graham Land Expedition and the British Expedition to Greenland.
One-third of an
m In
•LIU
.>
was
necessary could leave New York forever, and he played as though he wanted to put the game on ice in the first chukker.
He was a wild man, taking chances that no one else would dare take.
Larry shouted for him to ease off, but the advice fell on unheeding ears, goals in the first chukker, two in the second and was roar-

A FAMOUS BRAND
(Jqdi
ens
FINE CUT
Dugan got two
more
ing on his way to a third when it happened.
Somehow his pony stumbled, and at the same time the Ocean Side No. 4 man crashed into him. There was a split second of pain in Dugan’s knee and then oblivion as his horse rolled over him.
The roar of the crowd was punctuated by the referee’s
whistle.	#
"He’ll never come out of that one,” someone muttered, and Bar. bara felt as though she had heard her own death sentence pronounced.
She was scrambling out of the car even as
1
The new pemmican is also being widely used by Britain’s allies, and the makers are busily coping with a very large wartime demand.
«
I
fj\
Valuable Find
war
That is the sort of economy that is going to beat Germany.
In A Gown That’s Sheer
Precious ambergris weighing two hundred pounds and valued at £3,000 was found by Ceylon fishermen wher out at sea. This substance, which occurs as a secretion in the intestine of the sperm whale, is a base for expensive perfume.
The fishermen launched their catamarans (boats) and hauled in four gunny bags of the substance. For fear that others would lay claim to it they buried it and kept watch all night.
Ceylon has been famous for ambergris from the time of the earliest Portugese navigators. Large masses have been washed ashore upon the coast from time to time.
The floor area of the Capitol at Washington is about 14 acres#
ili
Grace
By Louise Lennox
That feminine, frilly, utterly frivolous night dress you’ve always wanted is at your needle’s command in this simple but engaging pattern, its ruffled collar and sleeves combines smartly with the unadorned, almost severe floor-length skirt. Style No. 3436 is designed for aises 14, 16, 36, 38, 40, 42, 44, '46, 48, 50 and 62. Size 36 requires 6 \ yards of 39-inch fabric for dress; 3 yards lace trimming.
Send twenty cents (20c), (coin ie preferred) for pattern to Room 421, 73 Adelaide St. West, Toronto. Write plainly your name, address and style number. Be sure to state size you wish.
SSÎ
Y ose mite Falls drops 1,439 fL in one sheer fall, a height equal to nine Niagara Falls.

led
T



Uncle Hank hurried up. "To the hospital, quick,” Uncle Hank panted as they ran
toward his waiting car.
e *	*

One of the largest herds In Canada In Its time, as many aa 14,000 head of cattle bore thie famous brand of the old Oxley Ranch, founded In Alberta In 1902 by the late W. R. Hull.
HAND OF TH1
f
The top, with
re Quickly
RELIEVED
For three hours Barbara sat in a chair outside the operating The whiteness around her
room
knuckles betrayed her.
Then the doctor appeared. His face warn grave, but there was a spark of a smile around his eyes. "He’ll live,” he said simply. Barbara fainted. Uncle Hank caught her, a look of disgust on his face. "Now who’s going to catch me when I faint?” he mur-
OXLEY RANCH
With Buckley's New Improved for
aw
Mentholatum help* check gathering of mucus... relieves stuffed, choked nostrils, .fare and t'ibea.
—acts foster on cough* end colds, Give* you more for your money. But be sure it's the genuine
«•¦*
30c.
nn
BHIfiStiETS
MENTHOLATUM
ISSUE 12—’42
tOMrORf nnilr
sin*
mured.
R
###PAGE###4###
?
1
s
!
PUBLIC NOTICE
Delay may prove disappointing and
embarassing
We suggest you make as early a selection
as possible of
Spring and Easter Apparel
Kight now we are very well stocked with the latest and newest shades and materials.
Prices will be no higher— they definitely will not be lower — but selections and styles will be cut to a minimum.
These facts are worthy of your earnest consideration.
THE EQUITY
BANKING for the FARM
I h llKRKHY il |V BN THAT
NOTH* .M
WILLIAM LOKEN, Hetleterre, Que-1
Ih»v will apply to the Parliament of % Canada At the present season thereof tor a Bill nf Divorce from In* wife, W Grave Annie Mvrphv, of Ottawa, ? tIntarto, on 'he ground* of adultery ami \ desertion	\
Saving* ond Checking Account#.
loom, to finance — purchases of livestock for feeding—dairy activities and other seasonal qnircinents of farm operation.
Safety Deposit Box»* — Cashing of Cheguet —Produce Tickets, etc.
Money Orders and Drafts for Remittances.
Shawville, March 26th 1942
Unemployment Insurance Commission
¦ i
A new registration of all workers, insured and non-insured, in industries j which now have insured employees is j
being carried on by the U oemplcgnwis j

H. MILLER WALLACE, Solicitor
II u M Qui tue February 20th, 1942.
Insurance Commission completed by March 3lst the close of the fiscal year, when insurance books now in use must be turned in. The i i format ion gathered will be used to bring the Commission records up to date, and also to furnish information for a man power inventory which the Government is making. This inventory is being made under the authority of an Order-in-Council passed under the War Measures Act.
The Unemployment Insurance Com mission is now distributing the new forms for this registration to employers all over the Dominion. There ire more than 150,000 employers with insurable employees in Canada, and 'lie number of insured workers is over *2,000,000. The man power inventory registration will, of course, include many more than 2,000.000, embracing, as it does, insurable and non-insurable employees of industry.
The forms which are being distributed have been prepared with a view to ascertaining the skill and training of workers so that Canada’s greatest working strength may be untilized in the most effective manner. - The War effort is constantly calling for more and more trained and skilled men, It is ho | *ed, through the inventory, to discover workers with training which may be of value in carrying on the maximum War effort. The registration cards are being sent to employers who will see that they are tilled out in resj*ect to all their employees. They will then be returned to the Employment and Claims Offices
which there are mote than 100 across
iiit i 1 aj||||||||||||||||||||||||l||||||||ll|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||l||||||||l|||||
pay period in March insurance books must be turned in and new ones will be issued to cover the fiscal year opening on April 1st. It is essential that the registration be completed and old insurance books be turned in by the end of this moiVli.
Information in respect to the registration and the issue of insurance books is obtainable at any of the Employment and Claims Offices of the Unemployment Insurance Commission.|
A
I
SAVE
Our managers are in touch with condition* and will gladly co-opera te in any possible direction.
A V l H l>T I 'ON N t: T A li L K" pres ‘nU\s
LEND TO CANADA

WILLIAM LUKES’, IVIUtur;*, de Q * « f I * r, d« utauitlR au Vh nada A la | ote
contre son An NIK M VHPHY
tjne
I'mviiuf Parlbrm nt dn ses.kioii.un Bill de Divorce
I
The
of

I
G BACK
province d Ontario. pour
v|Hiiise, d'Ottawa, cause d’adultère et de ritWrtini
U
• r
\
l
R. MILLER WALLACE, avocat,
EST’D. 11 3 2
OVER A CENTURY OF BANKING EXPERIENCE
Hull Quebec
TtC 20 Fevriee, ÏH42
SUITS
PROPERTY FOR
SALE
â
With two trousers

Being the East half ot Lot 5, Range 13, of the nownahip of South Onslow, containing 50 acres more or leas. Apply
$25.°° $30.°° $85.°°
Top Coats
@19.50 to @29 50
to
NOTICE OF MANPOWER
REGISTRATION
IRA HANNA,
R. 1, Shaw ville, Que
Rhone 13—21
At the request of the Honourable Humphrey Mitchell, Minister of Labour, and by authority of Order inCouncil under the War Measure» Act, the Unemployment Insurance Commission is registering all persons in industries coming within the scope of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1940.
It is mandatory that the Registration Cards now being
supplied to employers be completed for ALL employees, insured and non inured, and forwarded to the Local Office of the Commission by March 31st.
Horses For Sale
Ten head of good work horses, will take cattle *n exchange. All horses worked during the past winter and targe in age from 5 to 8 years—greys, blacks, roans and browns.
Fa*y tenus.
Fanners rigid ring new farm machinery had ‘ viler order nt once, as deliver*
be guaranteed in any sped*
skill and
_ , , r^y7lnp(jloffun<S am/ , i> a her dash onj M- men and ùot/s
mi
| tied tunc
This Is An Important War Undertaking
G a. Howard
Fri At and Wood Dealer hluwv il!e, Que.
Immediately after the last
The skills and training of every worker in Canada mint be known in order that they may be used to the best advantage. This is the first step towards complete registration of man-power.
| N, P.Horner’s old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE
Farm For Sale
At Wyman, Routine County, Que. 200 acres ; id » >ut 193 acres under cult i-ti«»n, balance bush ; loam »«*il • well watered ; good dwelling house and bank barn j also two loll about 175 acres of gOvd mixed bush. Rush lots will be sold en b!t c or separately. Bargain to settle estate. Apply to
ERNEST MELDRUM,
-s	12b Arthur Street
Ottawa, Ontario



fëJ3JSJ& i.rST5ÆLf£
\;gTGL%ir«,Ti-
rdrflpJnwi
Renew Unemployment Insurance Books Before April 1
!
DALE’S TINSHOP
Films on Canada's War Effort for Rural Areas
To avoid duplication of effort, the above registration ia being combined with the renewal of Unemployment
An experiment in bringing films !	Sj
about Canada at war and the story of	¦	A. ,UPP>V of new book, will be mailed promptly on
ZLiïhX.rW'&LX t I jsute —..............................=--*-•• —	.» «; dLs,£,‘Æ
operation with the Director of Public I	¦	the sun, then all seasons would van-
information <tnd the Canadian Council H	YOUR CO-OPERATION IS URGENTLY REQUIRED	ish. Every spot on the earth would
of Education for Citizenship. The	¦	keep the same season the year round.
ss:L*r.r;:r i 9	un.mpi.ym», in,.,.... comm»»..	% z&a as:
and over forty circuits have been es- 58	Ottawa, Canada. March 23, 1942,	cold. Places like New York, St.
tablished across the Dominion since	Louis or San Francisco would al-
January.	ways have spring or fall weather.
Each circuit plays approximately :------------------------ If the earth's tilt were changed sc
twenty communities, returning to the	that the axis of the earth pointed disame community each month on a issued a requirement prohibiting the	rectly at the sun then the north
giv»n day. There are afternoon show- slaughter of hogs with carcass weighing New Function of Heart	polar regions, and that of the upper
ings for children and film presentations less than 120 pounds by all persons en-	« . c«	m#	half of the world, would always have
in the evening before adult audiences, gaged in the export of bacon to Britain.	Vlteo DJf uleep mOUIliy ( 24 hours sunlight each day and the
Community participation has proved Exporting packers slaughter approxim A hitherto unknown property of intense heat of perpetual, direct sun-encouraging, and locally sponsored	fttely 95 per cent of the hogs killed under	the human heart—its ability to antic-	light.
talks and study discussions	often	Dominion inspection and the recent	ipate body movements of a sleep-	The	other	end,	the South pole,	1
accompany the film showings.	requirement id designed to include the	ing person by as much as six min-	would	ever be in	perpetual black-	,
Travelling projectionists serve remote five per cent of hogs slaughtered under utes—was reported at the Univer- ness and the cold on that end of the districts by train, by automobile and by inspection by those licensed to supply sity of Virginia.	earth would become so great that no
sleigh. Where elyctric light is not the domestic trade, when such hogs are Minter M. Jackson, graduate psy- one would want to live in it.
available, portable generating units are slaughtered under inspection.	chology associate, made the discov-1	... --
used.	The requirement of the Board explains ery accidentally while measuring
The theme of the January programe that to provide for the practical applf- the movements of sleepers during a
was “Peoples of Canada. ” There then cation of the further requirement and in normal night’s sleep.	,	. . . ... c, .
followed programes about the common recognition of the necessity of slaughter On an electrical apparatus, Jack-( jnuch-regu a ea me. ane s permit-wealth air training scheme and	about	ing certain light-weight hogs such as	son measured the sleep motility of a	ted to	think	ana	discuss only six
Canadian armament production. In cripples or unthrifty hogs, a tolerance of number of persons and found that, ln8 • wPHe ami Mrfumû'
April, several films about the navy and one per cent of carcasses weighing less normal individuals take a consider-(	»	P	’
....*.......	• H£HEE
Û00MÊ	t! g^.CT.2
millimetre projectors. Already several recent meeting in Toronto of the On- : cr* agin- from 63 a minute to about When you are going to open a rural areas have been reached where the	tario Association of Agricultural Societ-	j	L ithf =i/ minutes In tv,e Anai	partly	used can	of paint, that has
majority of those in the audience have	ies. J. M. Armstrong, assistant Agricul	!	koif.minnte before the sleeoer	been stored, handle it carefully so
never before seen or heard a talking pic- ! tural Engineering, Field Husbandry | move(j the rise was precipitated to the	will not be broken and
*ure-	; Division, Dominion Experimental Farms j «g 8 ^ t at the time 0f move. mixed with the paint. Remove the
An actual audience of some one him- j Service, dealt with many phases of farm !	*n*	lid and use a putty knife to cut
dred thousand people is now served engineering. These included the short-	'	around the edge. Very often the
weekly on these circuits, or a total of age of labour, the national value of	—————	film thus cut can be removed in
lour hundred thousand a month.	mechanized agriculture, power and equip-	Speaking of Pears	one piece. When it is accidentally
The Mural Adult Education Service of ment for field operations, and more com- j	pear js onc fry it that is better broken and mixed with the paint,
Macdonald College is acting as agent	plete utilization of existing machinery.	|f picked from the tree while still	strain	the paint	before attempting
for the Film Board in the Province of	With reference to field operations, he	grecn anfl ripened later. Therefore	to use	it again.
Quebec. Two circuits are operating in pointed out that power and labour y^'t be alarmed if the would-be Painted surfaces can be washed English speaking communities, R. E might be saved by following certain ! tender morsels that you see at the with a mild soap and lukewarm wa-Taylor Tomfobia is acting as projector tillage practices. Experiments conduc- 8f0re have not as yet reached theii ter- A pure linseed oil soap, in a on one circuit. A second is being, oper ted at the Central Experimental Farm, ‘ «rime stage for eating. If they are Pa8te form, 1* ® good one because ated between schools where a sound Ottawa, has shown that a double disc : the kind and size that you need, they it contains no abrasives. A solution projector is available locally	cultivator or one-way disc might be will ripen very quickly in your kitch- °f one tablespoon of trisodium phos-
used in place i»f che plough on stubb’e en or even in your refrigerator. Phate to three quarts of lukewarm M	land without reducing > ields. Those For canning, the open kettle, oi water is also a good cleaner. Apply
Applies	implements were particularly useful tor the steam canner are probably the « With a cloth and rinse well with
l ight Weight Hogs	after-harvest cultivation, for weed con- best methods. The pear turns dark another cloth dipped in clear water.
—	trol where several cuti vat ions might be quickly after it is peeled, so immerse VV‘P° “J? surface dry.
For the purpose of making more bacon required to control weeds, as in a grain*, it gently in a solution of one tea-	of	^ !lZ
and pork products avail.ble for Britain hay rotation. Of course, where corn- j spoon of salt to one quart of cold ProP^‘lon °f .ef£‘ «uïîta of wa
MM
On December 4th. 1941, the Boar con.idorahle time and power.

TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS

!
A GREAT BAKER
- —	|»*n * r.oAun HEATER.
tournoi UNIE
y

Its wonderful working qualities and attractive appearance have made the Findlay Oval a favourite in thousands of Canadian homes. Available in three sizes. Large oven. Large, fast-heating reservoir. See it today!
?
s

IMI
c
Not Much Fun
The empress of Japan lives a
CERTIFIED CHICKS
SHAWVILLE CO-OPERATIVE HATCHERY
ORLA YOUNG, Manager
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Phone 98
All flocks are blood-tested and under
Quebec Government Inspection
( Standard Method )
Eggs must weight at least two
Our chicks are issued from vigorous birds
of standard size and selected for egg production.
ounces
i

BREEDS
Barred-Ply mouth Rock
White Leghorn > thicks will be available on the following dates <

i
Maxell April May .
June :
July ; 3, 7, 10 J
For White Leghorns $1.00 less per 100 than above prices
27, 81
$12 00 per 100 12 00 “
11 00 “
10 00 *•
POO “
3. 7, 10, 14, 17, 21, 24,	28 ..
U	5,	8.	12,	15.	19. 22, # 29.
2,	5,	9,	12,	10,	19, 23. 20, 30,
i
O, P. Cockerels used in Breeliu^j Pans
Started Chicks for Sale

###PAGE###5###
A## up?
ESTABLISHED 1883
We Carry a Heavy StocK of Mill and Other Feeds
INVALID
COACH
GEO. HYNES & SON
V
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL StF.VICE
lit,



»
Robin Hood Flour	Keynote Flour
Red Rose Flour	Prairie Queen Flour
Ideal Chick Starter» Chick Grower, Chick Scratch, Laying Mash, Hen Scratch, Pig Starter, Hog Grower,
Bran, Shorts and Middlings Feed Wheat, Oats and Barley
Provender in any grind desired Another car ot Feed Oats to arrive shortly
V^Shawville Oue.
n
Phone 80
r

Icok Here
l

Wilson's Garage
For Sale, Wants, Found,
Lott, etc.
T*i@ Same Reliable Service
>
perhaps you have wondered many times as you have lifted a heavy pail of milk shoulder-high to pour it into your Separator tank.
If your Separator is a Renfrew you have never git
the matter a thought lor_
a Renfrew "up" is 39 H inches from the floor. This is one reason why women prefer â Renfrew. This— and ease of operation, perfect skimming, absolute
• • • •
c

Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
FOR SALE—A quantity * of Arthur seed lien*. Apply to William Armstrong. Maryland Que. Rhone 27 14.


ven

Ford Service
FOR SALE—A quantity of good oat straw-pressed. Apply to Jas T. Cuthbertfion, Shiwville, Qu
on



Seeds I Seeds I Seeds !


e.

Shell Sealed Gas & Oils


FOR SALE—One all white gasoline
washer, also some new and used separators. Apply to l LIFFORD Conk, Shawville Que.

:-<z
We are booking? ordérs for Hybrid Corn, Grass and other Field Seeds
At lowest Market Prices
J. P, Wilson
cleanliness and absence

of surface oil.
Quality the highest — price the lowest, quality considered. Capacities
400 lbs., 600 lbs., 600 lbs.
and 1000 lbs., per hour.
Main Street
Shawville Quebec
Phone 40
EOK SALK — Frame Shed, about 06 x 21 feet. Apply to Fortes Dowe, Beecbgrove, Qte.
your neighborhood He

E'™ a Of-
you — end wo W • tond toe- ^ Mi
hind him in	|
FOR SALE — Stack of buy ; pair
Belgiat s, matched, mart* and gelding, 3 and 4 years ; Belgian gelding, 3 years old ; 1 pr. Percheron fillies, brown, rising 1 and 2 years. Apply to Clifford Horner, K. 1, Shawville. Phone 15 4,
RANGES . HEATERS WASH -RITES - TRUCK SCALES INCUBATORS
m
SEPARATORS
Hottest Man on Earth
Is Under Silence Vow
Many of the natives living at Gem Lake, near Mount Abu, in Indio, carry religious fanaticism to the extreme. One Hindu ascetic constantly inflicts upon himself a terrible self-torture. The man may be seen any day sitting between four fires, and he has lived thus for 30 years, performing his remarkable penance in fulfillment of some unknown vow to his Creator.
His self-inflicted punishment consists in sitting, nude, inside the small square made by four raging fires, with the sun glaring down upon his bare flesh. The noonday sun’s rays alone, in this region, are hot enough to nearly roast the average European, but the addition of the fires makes the Indian’s position a veritable inferno. The fires are fed with dried cow dung—the local fuel—and anyone who goes near finds the heat so intense that it is impossible to get within several yards of the stoical native.
In addition to his fiery ordeal, the man is under a vow of silence, and for more than 10 years has spoken, to no one. This extraordinary devotee lives on the scanty food provided by the alms of pious Hindu visitors, who consider it a religious duty to make some trifling offering which they place in a receptacle not too near the four-square flames.
¦ibility.
More and Better
Eggs for Britain
the RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITER RENFREW ONT
FOR SALE
AI out ten ton* of clover It ft y ;	< ne >| * « r* of matched
Clydesdale geldii g-, ri-ii*g 4 and ft
Applv t.i VlvM'K Yoitno,
Î'Ihu.v 2:t - ft.
ST.JOHNS P.Q.
SUSSEX N.B.
)>•»!.*. Ihi-tol, Q ie.
LEO R. KEON
kOR SALE—1 Fient) gi.«iw grinder, H inch ; l purebred Ayrshire bull, coining 2 >ear.i (eligible lor registeration); several Collie pups. Apply to 8mi. IL SLY. R. 2, Shaw ville. Phone 19 2.
DISTRICT	R EPK ESF.NTATIVE
McKee - Quebec
Commencing Apirl 1st, strict en fortement of government regu-tiens in Shawville will render it impractical for us to continue buying eggs after
Shawville Egg Grading Station, under government registration, is installing refrigeration and oth*r necessary appliances in larger quarters ideally situated for your convenience on Centre Street
The whole idea of this government scheme is to improve the eggs being marketed and get them to the point of consumption with the least possible delay with a view to affording the producer highest realizable returns.
We regret any tem|K>rary inconvenience you may suffer through inability to handle your eggs after March 31st. generous patronage accorded us over a number of years in this important department is heartily appreciated.
We believe this government move to be advisable in the
interest# of the |
Grading Station your kind co-operation.
We will continue to sell eggs as here to fore but regulations prohibit our buying from anyone except a Registered Grader.
This grader must Supply us with a label showing quality of eggs with each lot purchased and in turn the merchant must affix this label to the container from which he is selling.
. FOR SALE—A quantity of good straw—splendid feed. ¦	¦
Howard, More head, Que.
Apply Jason
Maich 31st.
’aQODaSQaOBSSQaS
!/1/IZIXlZIXIXIZWXIXIX ZIXlXt/TzIXIX'XI

The Hedging Lumber Go.
SLAB WOOD
^ ANTED—To exchange one gander for a goose. Apply to John G. Sly, R 2, Shawviile, Phone 22 - 30.
FOR SALE—1 dining room suite ; t kitchen nnge ;	2 beaters ; 1 brass
bedstead, complete ; 1 dresser and wash, «‘tand, : linoleums and other articles-Apply to Well in (.tun Armstrong, Phone 26 21, Shawville.
v
\

\

We are now ready to deliver
The
FARM TO SHARE-Good farm with stock and machinery. Protestant prefered. Apply to Mrs. J. fkkfry, Campbell's Biry. Phone 41 —11
our
SLAB WOOD
to
WANTED—In exchange for a quantity of loose hay, a number of good cedar fenra posts. Apply to Harold ÜOIXîINS, Shaw ville. Phone 20—33.
iucer and bespeak for the Shawville Egg


Sun Only Dwarf
Our sun is made to appear like a dwarf compared to some of the stars in our galaxy. Recent measurements made by George H. Herbig at the University of California observatory at Los Angeles indicate that Ras Algethi has a diameter of 690,000,000 miles, or nearly three times the diameter of Antares, previously considered the largest star. It would take nearly 800 of our suns in a row to measure this distance. Much of the volume of these giant stars is filled with a highly attenuated gas.
Of the future state of our local universe, our sun and our earth, there is little definite knowledge. A heat death, due to the cooling of all the suns and stars, is a possible terminal state. Scientists at one time thought the sun had traveled a long way in that direction but that was before we knew the sun maintains its heat in an atomic-energy process by the consumption of matter.
PRIVATE HOMES
V
FOR SALE-*Three or four ton of <*>se hay and a couple of load* of loose
¦draw. Apply to R. A. Honcixa, R. 1, Shawville. Phone 13—1 i
Phone 27
THE HODCINS LUMBER COMPANY
Quebec
Shawville,-

li)


y X / / /:/ XlXlXjXX WWtXÎXV'XlX XW Z

VI



y
MacLean’s
V'j
l <+J7.


DOESTH
RED & WHITE STORE

JOHN MacCREDIE
Quebec
Maryland
The buyer Saves
The owner Serves
Not Ladies
Like many other things, the ladybird is so named as to conceal, rather than reveal, its identity. It is a beetle (not a bug). This very small insect is often seen in gardens, and is one of the best friends of the farmer. There are characteristic black spots on its wings, and the insect is usually red or yellow in color. They are sometimes called “ladybugs." So great is the affection of gardeners for this insect that In various countries it is called “Little Animal of Our Lord" (Holland), “Lucia" (Italy), “St. Michael’s chicken." Ladybirds feed on many other harmful insects and thus save . gardeners much damage.
More Than Three Genders
Most English classes in school teach us that all nouns fall into three classifications called genders ; these are taught as masculine, feminine and neuter. But these are not sufficient says Maurice Weseen in his "Dictionary of English Grammar." A man is masculine; a woman, feminine, and a house, neuter. But what about such words as children, parents, relatives, etc.? They do not fall into any of the three genders. A fourth gender is necessary, scholars say, to include nouns which are either, both or all genders. This fourth one is called common gender. Maybe this will change the custom of calling all school teachers "she" as though they were all feminine.
For Beautiful
5c
Macaroni, one pound ......................
Old Hickory Sodas, large package..........
Keta Salmon, large tin ...................
G'risco, one pound tin ...................
Black Pepper, half pound..................
Falcon Cocoa, one pound tin ..............
Falcon Baking Powder, 1 pound tin.........
Ogilvie Wheat Germ, package................
Mazola Oil, one pound tin ....„...........
Pork and Beans, large tb, 2 for ..........
Corned Beef, tin .........................
Lamp and Lantern Glasses, any size, two for
Cemetery Memorials
25c
20c
Write or phone
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
28c
15c
• • •
23c
21c

Phone, 278
50c

33c
t Anvil Awaits Peace
Blacksmiths at Fittlesworth, England, are hoping soon to revive a 400-year-old custom started at the time of the Spanish armada, that of firing the anvil to announce the end of a war. The custom is believed to have originated at this smithy when blacksmiths signaled Drake’s victory. The report can be heard 10 miles away, and the end of every war since the defeat of the armada has been signaled in this way.
25c
Raw Furs Wanted
21c
Allen and Charles Thompson, three-year-old sons of Mr. and Mrs. Orville Thompson of Princeton, HI., are identical twins—even to appendicitis scars.
They have been exactly the same ieight and weight since birth, cut teeth together and learned to walk together. They underwent appendectomies within 45 hours of each Dther,	'
FARM FOR SALE
25c
I wish to announce to the public that I am îù the market fot all kinds of Seasonable Raw Fur and assure highest market prices.
Farm of 100 acres, situated -along Highway No. 17, Ontario, with or without stock. For further particulars apply
JOHN R. WOODS
Kinburn, Out.
NORRIS B. HORNER,
Licensed F nr Dealer Shawville Que
Phone 43
A, J
###PAGE###6###
f
I
1
First in Line
SUNDAY SCHOOL LESSON
In The Garden
1, GORDON L. SMITH
RADIO REPORTER
DIALING WITH DAVE:

From practically any way yoe look at It, gardening should prove
excellent investment this year. It is patriotic to grow more v tables now, to put idle land te , and it la good, sound com-
Vegetables have
LESSON XII.
JESUS THE MESSIAH FORETELLS HIS DEATH Matthew 16*13-28; Mark 8*27-37;
Luke 9:18-25
PRINTED' TEXT, Mark 8*27-37 GOLDEN TEXT.—For whosoever would save hie life shell !<>••
III amd whosoever shall lose hie Ufa for my sake and the gospel's
shall save It. Mark 8:15.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time.—Autumn, A D. 29.
Place.—Not far from Caesarea Philippi, far north in Palestine, under the great towering Mi Harmon, a few miles east of the
city of Damascus.
Peter's Confession - of Christ
17. “And Jesus went forth, and Lie disciples, Into the villages of Caesarea Philippi0: It is at this time that Christ turns almost en-__-#ly from speaking to the multitudes, the public, •* it were, and devotee his attention to those who
believed in him. And on the ¦ ^ spare way ha asked his disciples, saying I p^]lc remonstrance, unto them, who do men say that	jelue Rebukes Peter
I am?" The question is slgnifl- I gg ««But he turning about, and cant. Jesus is not only conscious ^ hie disciples, rebuked Pe-that he Is a problem to men; He	an<| Mlth; G#t thee behind
sesames that Ha ought to be. To I g^tan; for thou mindeet not Hie mind thare sen be nothing ^ things of God, but the things ea important am that men should I ^ m#n » jt was necessary that have received a true impression I ^ g^ould throw back the temp-ef Him and should think of Hlm I	^th indignation and even
He thinks of Himself.	I vehemence, with the rebuke of
Celleetien ef Testimonies I Leaven set against the presump-§6. 41 And they told him, say- I |S#US rebuke of flesh.
|m, John the Baptist; and others * ^ other places in the Gospel UJah; but others, one of the I c^4it ^ ghown to be right and prophets.” This collection of tes- I f^if men, when they differ with onles Is both to be eommended I ^ altogether wrong.
On the one hand | gg ««And He celled unto Him
the multitude with hie disciples, sad said unto them: If any man would come after me, let him deny himself and take up his tress, and follow me." At the very time when Peter would keep the Lord from going to the cross te die, Christ believes that Peter ought to be Instructed on the
V 1
Vf f *
l w

nonsense, too. been getting more and more expensive in recent weeks and the authorities hold out no hope ef bargains this Summer either.
Weather was only partly W for the scarcity last Fall.
%



m
y


blame
The main reason was the Increased demand.
Canada has added eometihng like a million worker» to Its army of war employed, and still more workers are going to be added ÉI the months ahead. All these people are going to need axtra feed, and fresh vegetables will piny a big part in filling their
requirements.
And gardening offers another advantage. It i§ one of the best health tonics the doctor oould
order.
growing flow ere and vegetables will work wonders in restoring unity and balance during these trying times of war.
No Shortages
The war has interfered with a let of things in Canada, and while gardening is no exception, this Interference will be hardly noticed by the average person who orders flowers and vegetable seeds this Spring. Before the war, a considerable amount of the garden seed need In Canada was Imported from Denmark, Holland and Hungary. This ta completely cut off, of course, as well as practically all shipments from Great Britain. To meet the usual demand, however, supplies have been developed In Canada and a wider range has been tm-from the United States, report no serious short-There is likely to be a little in price but they suggest ordering eerly, especially where a wide range of varieties and types ere wanted.
Vegetables are the yielding crop one can grow enly can most lines be grown close together but with some things like lettuce and carrots, 1er Instance, a second crop can be bervested in a single season.
Small vegetables like lettuce, spinach, carrots and radish quire rows only from IB to 18 inches apart. Beets, beans and peas need from 18 to 20 inches between, while potatoes, corn and staked tomatoes must have a son-pis of feet to thirty inches. Space may be saved with these if something quick maturing such ae lettuce and spinach are planted in between. The bigger things will net need the full room at first and by the time they de, the early crops will be out ef the way. Where one is using a hors* garden tractor er a wheel bos, ef course greater space between the rows will be needed.
i'V
V
In the last year,
' ,6


¦





a




4^
M
S 1
t* \



: «
V

m *


IV 4
4

m

o
#
A
I
denial which he himself must suit Is not Christ's ereee
y
tary weakness; it was his duty as senior of the Twelve to re-
He took the Lord
tfi
durc.**^™ that we have to take ups sufferings stand alone, incapable of repitition and needing name # but each has his own.
The Tree Life 86. "For whosoever would his life «hall lose it; and whoa* ever shall lose his life for say sake and the gospel’s shall save it." There is no such thing me ultimate loss in the kingdom ei God. All personal interests be-merged in those of the goe-
loses himself
*
*


His
A M
• I

monstrate. ¦¦ aside a little, perhaps in order
the Master the pain of

m

%
A few hours out among
i 'H
t

m
now
« V



v#



*
Fred Allen
NEW SUNDAY COMIC
come
pel. It is as a man in great and high things that h« finds himself, and as he sacrifice» hia life in their behalf that he it. Only in such things W
there any true life.
36. “For what doth it prof* # man to gain the whole worl<k and forfeit his life? 87. Fe» what should a man give in change for hie life?” By the whole world our Lord means actually “all the world’s wealth, power, pleasure, beauty and glory. ' What is a man benefited if, though he have all these thing* he forfeit his life?
HMHI
Here as
saves
and criticised.
* 1» g confession that our I*>rd
Lad taken his place among the gleet Prophets of Israel. On the other hand, these sonfeselons failed to recognise Christ ss mors
pan a man. He wee only s man
though s
This
$
transcribed for radio broadcasting Is the new “FLYING FOR FREEDOM" series, dedicated te the work and servies of the R.&-À.F. CROC in Hamilton broadcasts the show Wednesday nights at 8.00 o'clock—OFRB In Toronto Thursday at 9.80, and other stations, through the facilities that transcriptions afford,
are able to present the program at times most suitable to their broadcast schedule. Irrespective of where you listen to the show,
you will find it pulsating, dramatic entertainment—an exciting of the Air Forces ef the
Aaether bit of headline radio getaalng news Is the fact that another great national radio personality Las returned to the sir with
g| show, which it also being heard in Canada. Jimmie fiddler, Hollywood’s ace news reporter, returned to the air-lane* Marsh 2nd, and is heard in Can bigg set | S^1 through a number of stations, r*	I grading CROC Hamilton, CKCL
Toronto, CKTB St. Catharines, CFPL London, CFCO Chatham and GKCR in Kitchener. Fiddler’s shats about the stars—his ’bell’ ratiags of the newest films, and LU gossip of the cinema colony mighty fine, rapid-fire lie______Fiddler M broadcast on
Monday nights at seven o'clock.
When you hear your local station announce a program ae being «traaeeribed', it usually signifies that She musical or other material hi the program has been specially recorded for radio broadcasting. Whan announced as 'recorded', invariably the program constitutes a blend of familiar records by favorite entertainers. Amongst y great shows specially
ported
en
--j men, even Flrophet among Prophets.
as far aa many people In Palestine had come in their son-?lettons concerning Christ, and it te os far as millions ef of-he-people since have ever allowed
themselves to go.
The Chrlct ef God 19. “And he asked them, But who may ye thet I am? Poter Mswsreth and salth unto him, Then art the Christ."
among
SEASONAL BIRD
13	Pertaining to a nerve.
14	Three.
16 Sea mile.
20 Transposed
(abbr.),K*
23 Sutures.
If! 25 Tame turkey# are derived
Answer to Previous Puiale
HORIZONTAL
I Large
American food
WHITE
N
I
Notice
Empire.
JUST NOTES: Bing Crosby has ___________________
passed hit 10th Anniversary m I about the incorrectness and the KMH . . . Percy Faith, Canadian- I inadequacy of the verdicts of the conductor ef "Contented | paeple which have Just been reported te him. He does not try $e show where in they are wrong. Lake's record tells us that Peter acknowledged Jesus to be “The
Christ ef God.” Ne higher title than this sould ever be given to Lord, but one, namely: Son
Peter eom-
1
bird.
? It belongs to
I R
the
BBS
L
family.
IS Not eaten.
If One who underwrites.
II Petty quarrel.
IS Classical lànguage.
11 Toilet box.
M Street (abbr.). 59Limb.	^
U Stimulated. II	North America 1 Be still!
24 Senior (abbr.)	(abbr.).	2 Concord.
21 Month (abbr.) 52	Flying	3£“'ste?:
26 12 inches (pi.)	mammal.	4 Emerald
26 April (abbr.). 63 To sum up. mountain. 10 To make dear. 55 Musical note. 5 And.
32 Last testament 56 Dregs.
58	Unit.
59	Immerses one's self.
61	Its male struts 9 Domestic
with its----
spread.
62	It formerly 	wild.over
bom
Hour", was one of the winners of WON's Great American Operetta contest . . . Fdward Robinson, star of Big Town',, of the fineet collections of
lal
æ
cTTÂmilC
from
P I
ED
B
varieties.
26	Malefactor.
27	To whirl 29 It has
handsome

its a
T W


has on.
modern art in the eountry.
RECORD OF THE WEEK i— "Deep In The Heart Of Tezaa"
by Alvino Ray!
EROS
AC
m
G

QlajaQH
W the Living God.
Meed them both.
80. “And he charged them that
they should tell no man of him. It was only for a short time that they were thus commanded to be Soon they were to receive g comn snd to go every-preaching the Gospel. Jesus wanted them to continue rto Him fo rfurther instruc-
31 Station.
33 Perfect pattern.
35 Consumes.
38	Spirit of an army.
39	To eject.
6 Call used in 41 Unwilling.
¦ hunting turkeys.
8 Head covering 48 Go on.
49 Norse tales.1 52 Wager.
________ ¦ 54 Clamor.
ÎÏ To bring legal 57 Each (abbr.y.
suit.	58	Either.
12 Branches of 60 Portugal learning.
Ac
OUR RADIO LOG
SHOBT WAV»
CKAO HmMmI 7SCk
.
Ottawa
¦TO STATIONS
52: ¦
CAlai
I
CBL T4CS CJKL
OSB
silent.
L cst idea ckch
NETWORKS I CKCO
,.*c .W eeee okob
osc
lSICà
SaaC 11.76m
lam 14701i I qJJJ
No Crude Rubber For U. S. Auto Tires
46	To crush.
47	Without.
where
GSF
lead 16.14m
14 Tree.
36	Idant.
37	Inflicts.
40 Quantity of paper.
42	Raccoon.
43	Myself.
44	Molten rock.
45	Work of skill.
46	Letter.
tfard I
CKHC a
OS <3
(C.B.S.)
aecis di m
ABC
nea
tioO.
OC Ha ml I tea UMk | WEBB
lltee
St. Calk. 1
Mealraal
Leon Henderson told the Senti afenco lnvcotigating commit-that “not a single pound of crude rubber" would be available now tires or retreads on the upwards of 80,000,000 passenger bow owned by the ordinary attisen in the United States.
The director of civilian sup-who is a War Production member, testified that this the “moet significant single statistic" among a maze of details As rubber situation which he would offer the investigating
slave.
lÔLike.
Jesus Foretell» His Death
81. “And He began to teach them that the Son of Mail must suffer many things, and be rejected by the elders, and the chief priests, and the scribes, and be killed, and after three days rise again.” Jesus is brief in this first formal announcement. He is like one breaking a terrible piece of news to his dearst friends. The shock cannot be avoided but is softened as much as possible. The very thought of seeing their beloved Master a victim of the Sanhedrim at Jerusalem must have overwhelmed the disciples, nd not only because of their love, attachment and high hopes, but also because of their con-
of the Messiah, which
_____ WLW Clme&mmmtl 7Wk ___________
eeek | WGY Sckeaaetady 810k | hVN KDKA Ptttekurcb 1030k
seek
i
mie
gggmg is.is*
WGKA SekeeeclaO
Russia

Okleaee Beffels
S& lS21 w?Si ..
OSOk WBHM
Ckstk Lead## •tratterd 1
¦Uasatee 1
l
North
America.
ittftk WBEH 1340k | WOR
1WKBW
WCAH Pklia. 16.27m
(abbr).
»
fl S a a 111 Ste. Si. 1400k I WJR
10
g
\
Canadian Bren Gun
Best In The World
British To Have
Bath On Wheels
16
15
e,
t
I
0
Lt.-Gen. A. G. L. McNaughton praised the Bren gun after he had inspected one of the largest plants manufacturing Brens in Canada —the John Inglis Ltd. plant in
One of the most unusual gift* received by the Red Cross and St John War Organization has from the British War Relief
This is a
24
27
h >
come
Society of AmericmM^BBPI mobile bath, designed and equipped for use at rest centres in towns where, after air attack, ges, electricity, and water vices may be out of action. The travelling bath operates without outside aid. It carries its water boilers, stove and coal d is able to heat 30 gallons
vehicle
k also fitted with laundry apparatus and medical necessities. Twelve baths for child: en, and tea sine bathe for adults, together wMà kettles and water cans, soap and towels, are provided by this end practical mobile unit
Henderson said that present eeieulatione of supplies for the United Nations “did not allow a single pound of rubber either for tires or camel-backs for any ef the 30,000,000-odd passenger In this country.”
A senator interrupted to ask i explanation of “camel-back.” "That's the trade name for ripe used for re-cape or retreads on worn automobile tires,” Henderson said.

S3
Toronto.
"I insisted that the Bren be
to let us conduct
I
M
sent overseas ¦¦¦ the user trials personally when the first were turned out here,” he said. “The men testing them were told to pull no punches, and they didn’t. After we used the
stripped them down and
ser.
40
41
ception
included the very opposite of suffering and being killed, namely earthly grandeur and triumph.
Peter Rebukes Jesus
32. “And he spake the saying
37 78
/>
3
2
47
49
5
guns, we inspected the parts. They were still in excellent condition despite the hard knocks they had taken.
“The Bren guns turned out in Canada are the best Bren guns in
the world, falling off in quality under mass
production, either.”
bln,
m
of water at a time.
openly, and Peter took Him and began to rebuke Him." To Peter such frankness seemed to be indiscreet; such premonitions of failure were at variance with all his conceptions of Christ.
Master had manifested a momen-
5
9
B
7
51

a
There has been no
The
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—F ore warned !
there's a chap here
GOT SIX MONTHS FOR
demanding money
WITH MENACES
* SHOW
?
-STILL I THOUGHT YOU'D LIKE TO HEAR THAT
FIRST
but i've come
here TO TALK
BUSINESS
?

?
?
VES, YES :
I'VE READ
MY PAPER -
MUSIC
SONG
DRAMA
?
?

i
?
?
•X 1
L KNOW -
I
$ •'

?
¦V
?
TA*
i
r
«
, A CONTRIBUTION TO A. * CANADA'S ALL-OUT *
WAR EFFORT
(
«ft

"g
. Ml (
?

?

•u



C F R B
?


?
;




*
5*

?
?
J
SUNVAy 8:30**. *
?
w* Tka B#U fevitlfitl, |M I
» ?

?
###PAGE###7###
letters, b» H avoids cemfudea. Never write sideways or wise, as it leads to difficulty fo reading. 4. Not more than two She may then retire te
What Science Is Doing*
Havo You Hoard?
STREAMLINED SKIING
There were over 600 employees in the works, but the "boss" kepi b kindly eye on them mil. ently he noticed one young man developing very expensive tastes in clothes; but said nothing until the lad turned up to work in a smart little car.
Summoning him to hie office, the boss said kindly:
•‘How are you managing so well on your wages? I hope you’re not running into debt."
“Oh, no sir I" replied the young man brightly. "You see, sir, I raffle my pay envelope every week, and all the other men take a ticket.” --------
2#

hours.
her room with her maid of Honof to change into her travelling
6. Observance of those
XV

58

I
m
TR1PTANE
Super-fuels now being mads in laboratories in eye-dropper quantities may smash all present standards of motor performance, Harland Manchester writes in Harper’s. One, called “trlptane,” is said to give 60 percent more in bench tests than the




4

turns.
rules of conduct which make * easier and simpler for one to mingle with other people, old Bennett, the noted English playwright, once said: “I cannot too strongly insist that the basis of convention is a symbolism, primarily meant to display a regard for the feelings of other people.” 6. She may say: “I see you are ready to go out; I won't keep you.” However, if the koe-teea insista that she stay for awhile, it is perfectly proper lo remain.

I I
0
:> ;

A A



/ /'

¦
:•>' ¦ -


_
::y. ...^
m


i*»

——
best aviation gasoline.
The use of an organic compound of magnesium in the process makes ‘it too expensive for motor car tanka, but that has not halted the chemists. They are looking for a cheaper method of synthesis that will do the Job of the magnesium, and when they can find it, triptane may have a brilliant careei.
The war in the air furnishes the most conclusive proof of the superiority of the new American fuels. The struggle for air supremacy may be won by octane numbers. Gasoline taken from captured German planes averages no better than 87, and it is known that Japan’s supply of high-octane fuel is limited. British and American planes have an ample supply of the 100-octane fuel mads possible by improved refining and blending methods.
Only a few years ego fuel sf this grade was so rare that samples coat $80 a gallon. Now the United States Government is buying it in tank car lots, and plans are under way to Increase production to more then 6,000,000 gallons a day.
Modern Etiquette

&







a
HI.
ii
n


“Sonny. "While Billy and 1 were playing in the garden, Mum, we knocked Dad’s ladder ever !’
Mother:	"Well, you had
better go and tall your Dad!”
Sonny: "Ha knows already a hanging on the bed-window sill I”

ïsSfï-
'15#






War Material Sent Abroad By Britain

¦
y



i


Lord Halifax Assorts “Appalling Risk” Taken In 1S41
room
§g£mmMm
1941
The school inspector was examining a class of small boys.
"Now boys,” he said, "Noah was an active man, and must have found it irksome to be confined so long during the flood. How do you think, he spent hie timer
"Pishing, sir,” said one bright boy.
"Yes, I should think he did some fishing,” agreed the inipee-
"He wouldn’t catch many fish,* interjected another youngster.
"What makes you think be wouldn’t catch many?” said the inspector.
"He / had only two worms.”
Thera was a yowag girl Is the choir
Whose ’voice went up heir and hoir
Till one Sunday night
It went out of sight
And they found It next day In the spolr.
CHEW
Great Britain shipped #,000 planes and 3,000 tanks abroad la 1941 st "appalling risk” to the safety of the home front, Viscount Halifax said recently la answer to accusations that Britain "leaves the fighting to her friends”.
Some of that material played a vital part "in the historic defence of Moscow,” the British ambassador said in a speech before the American Academy of Political and Social Science.
"In 1941, we got 2,000 aircraft from this country, but wo seat more than 9,000 overseas,” he declared. "We Imported 200 tanks but we sent abroad 3,000. We have had to take appalling risks with the safety of Great Britain by sending vital war material at critical times to ohter theatres of war.
—Canadian Pacific Phot#
tor.
duce a new type of wheel or tire for automobiles which would be used "even if it bumps, even If K destroys the peace of the night, and even If it only goes 15 miles an hour.
"This native urge
it
Shortage of Tires Won’t Hinder ’Em
Leon Henderson, director oï civilian supplies in the United SUtes, believes that ingenuity will produce something to enable motorists to travel "setting down” even if they can't get rubber tires.
Testifying before a United SUtes Committee, Henderson said he thought ingenuity would pro-
BIG TIME CHEW
as Bill
Knudsen says—to go from one place to another ‘setting down' Is not going to bs destroyed by • shortage of tires,” he said, Li.» Gen. William S. Knudsen, motor production expert now is War Department Procurement Di
1. Do well-brad women klse each other when meeting or taking leave In public places?
*. What is the first duty of one who is preparing to leave a dinner, party or reception?
1. What U the proper sequenss of pages in a social letter?
4. How much time is the bride expected to spend with her guests at the wedding reception?
ft. What is the real and final teat of good breeding?
6. What ahould a woman do i calling, if she finds her hoe-ready to go out?
Answers
1. No; even the most intimais of friends will only shake hands whan gesting each other at par-Uee, church, teas or la publia ala an. 2. To take leave of the heat and host###. It Is not necessary, however, to seek out sash person U whom one has beam Introduced and bid him or her a separate farewell. 1, It Is cermet U writ# on the first pegs, and then on the third, or on the first, second, third and fourth. Tim latter order Is probably the better in the case of very long
The PERFECT
Chewinq Tobacco
"I hear U said that Britain aits behind 3,600,000 bayonets In her Island fortress and leaves the fighting to her friends.
"2,000,000 of those soldiers are home guards whose full-time work Is in war Induetri 1,600,000 have got to defend something like 8,000 miles ad coasts and 90,000 square miles inside them.
"Certainly, I do not think that the Idea of the British Isles being over-insured Is one that would be accepted by any responsible military opinion."
Lord Halifax said seventy cent of the Empire’s casualties on land were borne by the British Isles and "at sea they have been heavier still.”
car
tor.
My niece, Valerie, aged four, was watching with Interest her mother sitting on the bedroom window ledge cleaning the windows.
Valeris: "I will hold your legs, mummy, so’e you won't fall.”
Mother: "And what should yen do if mummy did fall?”
Valeris (brightly) : "I would clean the windows for you, mu my.”	-------
MESSAGE FROM SINGAPORE
The other
Big Increase Seen In Canadian Navy
“So long, my Canada 1 You may not hear again From one to whom your very name is dear . . . And so this message 1 must send you ere The yellow tide of death that creeps Flows over yet another of your sons Whose priceless freedom is your greatest dower . . . To help preserve this birthright for mankind,
I dedicate my life to its last hour. . .
so near
Canada’s naval forces will be increased to 40,000 officers and ratings by the end of 1942, Navy Minister Macdonald said la am interview recently. He added that Canadian shipbuilding was progressing so favorably that the number of ships on active service would amount to nearly five hundred by the end of the yearn When the war was declared, the Canadian Navy consisted of 1,709 men on active service and “abo half a dozen ships.”
“So you’ve just had a
What
medical examination, did the doctor say?”
"He said that 1 was le
"| go to join my comrades of Dunkirk—
Narvik — Tobruk — Hong Kong —
Whose names in tears are written on your heart From sun-lit West to grey Atlantic shore . . . Gladly give I, as they have given, all One man can give to pay the debt 1 owe To you, my Canada, who, freedom-blest,
This blessing on your children still bestow . . .
“The sands are running out . . . the yellow pack In full and snarling cry is closing in . . .
So little time is left in which to play My humble part. .. but, if my death should win One single foothold for the steps of those,
My brothers, who — to save your freedom dear Must follow me, with gladness I shall go To meet my Maker ... and without a fear! ’
pretty good conditio» bet that 1 shouldn’t start reading any continued stories.”
and many morg
The Golden Goto and the Son
Troncisco-Oskland bridges were designed and built to rods* air attack.
À manufacturer was engaging a now traveler, and explained that the last man he had employed had got things into such a tangle that he thought he would have considerable difficulty In getting order out of chaos.
"I don't know who Chaos is,” put in the applicant, "but I’ll got an order out of him if I have ta hang on to him for a week.”
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
• ¦ a
see
nursing couks*
COURSE FOR WOMEN ATTENDants. Verdun Protestant Hospital gives a year’s training for mental attendants. Requirements, twa years high school and applicants must be 21 years. Immediate vacancies.
Nursing
CARS — USED AMD MEW
BABY CHICKS
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS Ltd.. Toronto's oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers; three location*
ML Pleasant Road 1040 T<
St and 1660 Danforth Avenu* Our Used Cars make us many friends. Write for our Free Booklet on pedigreed renewed and alyzed used care.	___
ENLARGEMENTS
SIX BREEDS, CHICKS. CAPONS, growing Pullete. Descriptive talogue, Monkton Poultry Farm. Monkton. Ontario.
ÈABY CHICKS—S TO 11 CENTS. 16 free chicks, our choice with every 100 pullete or 100 Mixed chicks ordered in March. Goddard Chick Hatcheries,
Ontario.
ca-
ll*
Sergeant: “Have you any preference ?”
Draftee: "Yes, sir.” Sergeant:	"What would
you like to be?” *
Draftees "An ox-eervice man with a pension.”
onge
Apply to Director ef , P.O. Box 6u»4. Montre^
epitaph *
He died, this son of Canada, for you!
To help preserve your towns from raining hell—
Your wives from rape — your daughters from the lust Of beasts — your shores from shot and shell . . .
He died for lack of guns — of tanks — of planes -Of ships — of all that wins in modern war. . .
All he had left was courage! ... and the rest Is what we stay-at-homes are paying for.
Squadron Leader G. L. Creed,
R. C. A F., Ottawa.
Britannia Height*
NURSERY STOCK
BULBS, PLANTS, SHRUBS AND Evergreens. Numerous varieties and colors; sensational new Introductions. Write for descriptive catalogue. James Seed Company, Lindsay, Ontario.
* FREE ENLARGEMENTS WITH each roll of films developed or ten reprints all for .16 and H mall In stamps. Photographie 1 bora tor lee P.O. Box 6 46, Bh brooks, Que.	____
RECEIPT FOR BIGGER PROFITS. In our new 194* catalogue are reprinted letters from grateful Twaddle Chick Buyers from all over Canada. They bought some of our nineteen purebreeda, 9 hybrid crosses, 4 breeds of turkeys. Some purchased day old — * week old — pullete Older pullete dltlons of c equipment a stick at We want you to read the results of these customer». Send for our free 194* catalogue. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus. Ontario.
Santa Claus Stops Working For War
MUDltAL INSTRUCTION
HOUSE FOR SALE
cockerels — i To meet more con-climate, location and than you can shake
NOW IS THE TIME TO STUDY music at borna Specially prepared course» on all instrumenta White Studios of Music, 858 Olenlake Avenue, Toronto.	_________
BEAUTIFUL I BEDROOM BRICK, (clear). Hell or exchang* soaai! Improved acreage. Eseea Kent county, 1610 Arthur, Windsor, Ontario.
Even some of Santa Claus' workshops have been turned over to the manufacture of munitions, it was learned at the Canadian Toy Convention in Toronto. It was said the manufacture of metal toys in Canada has completely stopped. "The trend today in te wooden toys and other substitutes for steel and rubber."
RAW FIR# WANTED
HAIRDRESSING SCHOOL
MINK. FOX MUSKRAT, WEAHMI* Rabbit, Skunk. Ship Goods Pa#»
Highest Prices by return mail. Kef Canadian Bank Commerça
Abe Gerlnges%
68 SL Paul West, Montreal.
LEARN HAIRDRESSING TUE RU
as
Phillips Square. 868 SL Paul W<
BRAT CHICKS
SIX MONTHS FROM NOW YOU’LL went your poultry to be In the peak of production. Bray chicks are ready for all markets. There’s a wide choice of ea among M/H. x L8I
late delivery. Cockerels, capons, started chicks. Bray Hatchery, lit John N., Hamilton. OnL
the end of darning cotton when mending stockingsT
A. A knot is unnecessary if the end of the darning cotton Is moistened to prevent it# slipping through. Avoid making knots Is the thread, as they art hard on the feet.
HOW CAN I?
Avenue Road, Toronto.
HELP WANTED
breeds and cross-
them B.R.. Leghorn. N.H. x B.R. immed-
RHLt MAT1C PAINS
Q. How can 1 prepare Javelle water?
A. Dissolve one pound of washing soda in one quart of boiling water, and %-pound of chloride of lime in two quarts of cold water. Pour the clear portion of the lime solution into the ho da solution and allow to stand for settling, becant the clear liquid into bottles, cork tightly, and
keep in a dark place.
Q. How can I coyer scratches
on dark-colored furniture.
À. By wrapping a swab of cotton on a toothpick and dipping Into iodine; apply this to the scratches and when dry rub with
furniture polish.
Q. How can I remove rust from
clock hands ?
A. The appearance of rusty clock hands can be much improved by a coat of asphaltum varnish.
Q. How can I make a satisfactory roof paint?
A. By heating six to seven parts of coal tar pitch until thoroughly melted. After removing from the fire, add slowly and with constant stirring three parts of solvent naptha. If it* is desired that this coal tar paint contain asbestos, mix in one part of asbestos fiber to nine parts of the above paint.
Q. How^can I avoid knotting
COUPLE COOK GENERAL AMD Handy Man for modem home. Westonway Farm, R. Weston. Ontario.
Jre
HOW TO RELIEVE
PROVEN REMEDY — EVERY HU*, ferer of Rheumatic Paine or Neuritis should try Dixon’s Remedy, Munro’e Drug Store, 835 Elgl* Ottawa
PILE TORTURE
BAKERY EQUIPMENT
BAKERS’ " OVENS AND MACHINery also rebuilt equipment always on hand Terme arranged. Correspondence invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co.. 101 Bathurst #L, Toronto.MMMHMMH|
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
###.00 TO 860.00 WEEKLY COlT mDelons will be earned by some wideawake salesman Introducing brand new Government required Record to every email business i man in your county. Write quickly for particulars. Five dollar deposit brings saleable $7.80 unit, with sample kit, and secures exclusive county sales rights on quota basis. APEX, 814 Brook Bldg.,
HONEY WANTED
QUICKLY AND EASILY
FOR QUICK RETURNS AND BEST prices communicate with Jeeeph A Rozon, 411 Confederation Bldg.. Montreal.	_______
If you are troubled with item piles or rectal soreness,
/ treatment and run let!
BARRELS FOR SALE

do not Ithe risk of ting this condition become chronic. Any Itching or soreness er painful «passage of stool Is nature's warning and proper treatment should be secured at one*
BARRELS, CLEAN WOODEN, $: ## each, f.o.b. Toronto. 8. Barber A Bona, 4000 Dundee 8L WesL Te-rente.
Shop on Wheels
OFFER fO INVENTORS
A mobile butcher shop, firpt U Great Britain, has been put inte service by the Birmingham Butchers' Association, so weekly rations may be delivered If meat shops are destroyed during raids.
AN OFFER TV EVERY INVENT^* List of inventions and full futyr
[hi
STALLION
For this purpose get a package of Hem-Rold from any druggist and use as directed. This formula which Is used Internally Is a small, easy to take tablet, will quickly relieve the Itching and soreneee and aid In healing the sore tender spot* Hem-Rold is pleasant te use, D highly recommended and it seems the height of folly for any one te risk • painful and chronle pile condition when suck a fine remedy may be had at such a email cost.
If you try Hem-Rold end are not ly fleased with the druggist will gladly
FOR SALE, EXCHANGE. CLTDl Bullion. I years, dark brow* white markings, thick set, beet of feet and lega extra actio* good breeder, consider worker* attractively priced. F. J. Haesai* Weston.
mativn sent free The Ramsay
Registered. Patent Attorneys, Bank Street Ottawa Canada
PATENTS
1890;	14 King West, Tor
Booklet of Information on quest	X
The Pacific end of the Panama Canal is twenty-seven miles farther east than is the Atlantic and.
STALLIONS
PERCHERON AND BELGIAN 8TAJU lions—young, sound, enrolled; asm cheap; moving to city. J. Aylwari, Qumenevllle. _________________
Toronto
MEDICAL
entlrel your your money.
result*
return
BULL FOR SALE
DON’T DELAY! EVERY BUFFER-er of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon’s Rtmsdf. Munro’e Drug Store, 111 fllgm. Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
—————ni———————
8 BIG ENLARGEMENTS
FOB QUICK SALE FINE JERSEY Bull, Weston way Victory Volunteer, Blood tested, sired by the famous Brampton Standard Volunteer The Second, dam Westonway Noble Beauty, twice Silver Medal, born November. 1918. This Bull will make outstanding herd sirs. Reasonable price. Westonway Form. R.R. 1. Weston_______________
VEGETABLES WANTED
HIYI MIN „ SIMM : TOM I
MINAI»’!
CARROTS, BEETS, ONIONS, TU% nips and Potatoes—large or smaA quantities. Highest prices pal* Ship te or writs Mutual Grows## Market Limited. Federal l>u License No. 1098 and W.P.TX License 35128, 41 Church Street Toronto.

*
You GIRLS WHO SUFFER
&
SEND US YOUR FILMS OR TEW reprints and you will receive met only one or two free enlargements ¦ but ell your photos will be enlarged double else for only M (plue .06 mail) stamps arc opted
P.O. Box 611,
>
FARMERS
FOR QUALITY SERVICE
SOLDIERS^?
rub OUT T1RID ACHIf
If you suffer monthly cramp* backache, distress of ’’Irregularitls*” nervousness—due to functional
YOU CAN MAKE CONSIDERABLE handling one of the finest lines of Insecticides. Electric Fence Controllers, Paint* Fire Extinguishers. etc. Write WARCO GREASE A OIL LIMITED. TORONTO.
Postal Photo, brooks, Q#A
AND SATISFACTION TRY IMPERIAL 8 or 8 exposure fll and printed, or S reprints, 26* Money refunded If dot satisfied IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVIOfl Station J. Toronto,
LEGAL
Plnkham’s Vegetable Compound

developed

Table# (wth added Iron). Mad»
k
nent for
N. UNDtiAV. LAW OFF1C Itol Theatre Building, 8t. Ontario. 8 peel ' umeri collection*
espe -ialls for
They also help

ISSUE 12—'42
###PAGE###8###
important Dietary Needs
- -	« i	f*	^ Are. Found in Vegetables
IJ A /J *V I ia A PAMA /V O	5 ' Vegetables contain a fair share
FI fill U I II W | I I P^|	§¦ Ç of the nine most important dietary
I I U VI III w	VII V%	essentials listed in the National Re" ¦ W ™ O	O	C search council chart issued in con-
tÉÈÊ D nection the National Nutrition e	. _	. ..	^ Conference for Defense called by
Kllipk il IflQIYtnhllP	8 i	President Roosevelt in Washington.
DUIUK, UlUblllUUlie,	g	Milk and meat, particularly liver
8 and kidney, supply the rest of them.
O AV)iri Ck	&	Many other foods also contain one
V 1 vw	g	or more of the vitamins and min-
•	k	erals—fruits, eggs, whole grain
gi ++** >#**>****##*< <#*#<#***>**************+++**++ 5 1	cereals and vitamin-fortified bread,
to name a few. *
V V	Jk	Ui Ç Take vitamin A, which the Nation-
I I Vfcx 1*4 Bl fl	^ al Research council committee de-
& J	Æ- À JL-/	ajL À V	termined should be taken by an adult
^ g I at the rate of 5,000 units a day, and —	8 by children at from 1,500 to 6,000
S* units, depending on age. Vitamin S# 11	9 A is needed for good vision in dim
g | light (it prevents night blindness)
___	and is necessary to protect the mu-
PH	’W' V ^à yr W*	3 cous membrane lining the throat,
I	111	9 nasal passages and other parts of
3 the body. The richest vegetable S source listed in various vitamin as-§ say tables is kale. One cup of S leaves, uncooked, has 37,000 units of 3 vitamin A, according to a table g published by one research authority.
2	Another authority gives 36,260 units H in a half cup of the cooked greens— H or enough for the day’s require-Q ment of six people.
3	Old-fashioned dandelion greens, § which you can reap without sowing, 3 as any suburbanite can testify, 3 ranks No. 2 as a vitamin A source, 3 with 35,000 units in a half cup of 3 cooked greens. Swiss chard ranks J next at 24,080 in a half cup cooked 3 or 24,000 in IM cups raw.
/
Chevrolet
Sales

»
• i
i
!

i

1
D


I >
w
1

fit

a
J

I

f»
4
m
F

i
i
«
i
V

t
K
Two 1940 Chevrolet Sedans
One 1934 Chevrolet Coach
One 1929 Chevrolet Sedan
One 1939 Maple Leaf 2 1-2 ton truck
One 1934 Chevrolet 1 1-2 ton truck
r.
I
}
¥
BANKING IDEALS THAT LIVE ON
One pair Clydesdale Mares, matched, age 6
and 7 years, 2800 lbs
The Bank, now well on in the second century of, its life, still wishes to be measured by the considerations mentioned in the foregoing quotation from "The Centenary of the Bank of Montreal," published in 1917.
Security, facilities, assistance—those have been the objectives of the Bank since its foundation in 1817. They are the objectives today and will be in the tomorrows of Canadian life.
"The value of that enterprise (the Bank of Montreal) ought not to * be measured by its success as a joint-stock undertaking, by the amount of its capital or the size of its dividends, but by the security it has given to those who have trusted it, the facilities it has furnished for the exchange and the increase of commodities, and the assistance it has con-
S1
tributed to the development of the dountry."
v
Found in Bible
Two hundred men once went to a dance to get themselves wives, and did so. A man added 15 years to his life by prayer. Another man was condemned to death for saying his prayers. An army lost more than 99 per cent of its strength one day, gained a great victory the next day. One man caused the defeat of the
Service Announcement. «% Œ %&
envied a king. A great sermon was preached from a staircase. An eagle SHAW vu i % Vxitkd Church planted a tree. Forty-two thousand
Rev A. F. Pokes B. A., BD. PajKw men lost their lives because they
mispronounced a word. A prophet s life was saved by a colored man. Two men killed 20 in a fair fight. A man is described as fleeing from a bear and meeting a lion. A man committed suicide in order to kill his enemies.
All of these and many other curious and interesting things are to be found in the B ble.
J. L. HODU1NS
x
Phone 64-J.
ZlZtZtZlZtZlZlZ'/VVVt/^ZlZl/l/IZlZ X V^Vt/IXt/
Mined Dance—Adina Itebckali Lodge intend holding a dance on Easter Monday night, April Oth.
BANK OF MONTREAL
Sunday, March 29th

ESTABLISHED 1817
HEAD,OFF1CE • • MONTREAL
MODERN, EFFICIENT BANKING SERVICE..,,theOutcome of
124.Years1 Successful Operation'
Former Resident of Wyman Dies at
Toronto
11.00 a. m. Service at Shaw ville
1.30 p. in. — Service at Zion.
Service at Sr ark s Corners
The death occurred at a hospital in Toronto of William Hugh (Bill) Ü Rtelly, a well known mining stock salesman, m hi** 51st year.
H >ni at Wyman. Que., son of the late Hugh ORielly and his wife, the formel Mary O Hava, he
the northern country
3 30 p. in
Palm Sunday ber mon:—
'‘The.Triumphant King ’
7.30 p. m.—Service at Shaw ville Picture sermon with 50 slides:—
"The Resurrection’"
Shawville Branch ;
G. A. McDOUGALL, Manager
went to
when a young man. where he was a prospector, and later ow ned several mining properties For the pa-t eight years he had resided at Toronto.
Mr. O Rielly is survived by two brothers. J t\ tiws Hivi Put tick O Rielly, Wyman, and three listers (Sarah), Mrs. John Coyle; (Kttie) Mrs. las Ryan, Qujon, and (Rose) Mr**. Frank Bourgenu, Wyman, The funeral was held Wednesday morning from the ie-idence of hi- brother, Janie- t) Rielly to St, Kdwaid the Confessor Church. Maryland, for requiem mass chanted ' by Rhv. Father Knright. Interment wa- made in the parish
cemetery.
V

Teachers Wanted
Bristol United Church
SO!
:: Hi
m
Lay Minister :—Mr. Leslie Dean 10.30 a. m.—Service at St. Andrews
Service at Knox. Service a- Austin

New Egg Grading Station for
Shawville, April 1st, 1942.
Protestant teacher holding E1?uient- j ary Diploma. Appications staling salary expected must be in the hands of the undei signed Feci et ary on or before April 1st. Apply to.

11.30 a. m.
2.30 p. in.
h.00 p. m.


ANGLICAN
Rev. K. V. Bolton, BA., L Tit.
St. Paul’s
Palm Sunday
Sunday School—10.00 a. in.
Morning Prayer—11X0 a. n:. Evening Prayer—7.30 p. m. Holy Trinity
Evening Prayer—3.00 p. m.
North Clarendon Parish Rev. P, R. Stotk, in charge
Ladysmith—
Morning Prayer—10 30. Greermount—
Evening Prayer—2,30 Charteris—
Evening Prayer—7.30
Holy Week Services
Tuesday, March 31st. Ladysmith at 8.00 p. m.
Wednesday, April 1st. Charteris at 8.30 p. m.
Thursday. April 2nd.
North Onslow—at 8.00 p. m. Good Friday Greermount at 8 00 i>. m.
Bristol Memorial Church •Presbyterian
Rev. Wallace MacKinnon, B. A. Divine Worship at 2 p. m.
GEO. STEWART
Sec-Tiras, Bryson Oue.
I



kw


%

The Shawville Egg aivl Poultry Association has made arrangements to provide larger space, and move central location, in order to assist it in providing better service to more producers. The new station will he situated in the Show Room of Mr, -T. P. Wilson, Centre Street.
The new grading station will be equipped with a modern cooling system, and tlm latest Egg Equipment and will he open for business on April 1st,
We hope our old customers will continue their patronage and we look forward to serving new ones, with pleasure.



it
'
A qualified Teacher tor Protestant School, Portage du Fort Village, Que. School duties to commence September 1st, 1942. Apply stating salary to
CHAS. HR INK WORTH,
Secretary-Treasurer Portage du Fort, Que.


%
*
Embroidered Life Story
Some people tell their life story in an autobiography, others paint it on canvas, still others record it in music or poetry.
But Mrs. F. A. Murray of Bridgewater, N. J., has embroidered her life’s history in many-colored silk on a piece of fine old linen in three years.
The autobiographical linen is 38 inches by 20 inches and on it are the highlights of Mrs. Murray’s life, from her birth down to the present. The linen was hand-woven by her great-grandmother as a fine sheet, and Mrs. Murray never would have damaged it just to make a sampler. But her son Alan cut it up when he was young to use for a sailboat and she used the leftovers.
More than 60 small pictures are embroidered on the sampler, a few are traced but most of them are drawn right on the linen.
' %

f
YOU
Masham School Corporation, Protestant teachers warned for Schools No. 1 2 and 3 with Elementary diploma. State salary expected. Duties to commence September 1st, 1942. Apply to.
JUS. NESBITT Sec.-Trersurer Rupert Que.
»
I
I
#
ORLA YOUNG, Manager
Protesant teacher holding a Quebec Elementary Diploma for David.soh school, term 1942—43. For full particulars apply to
j

JOHN C. HOWARD,
Secretary-Treasurer Davidson, Quebec
IN MEMORIAM
am
Pumping Out Mines
Pumping out mines—especially tin Hobner—In loving memory of a dear mines in Cornwall—was the chief in- *,ftter aud daughter, Mrs. Lindsay centive that gave birth to the steam Horner, who passed away March 27, engine. First one was developed by 1 î>4°»
Captain Sa very in 1698. Extrava- Gone from her smiling face gant use of fuel made it imprac- Those happy, cheer I til ways deal. Next came Newcomen’s en- The heart th it won so many friends gine, with cylinder and piston, in In the happy by gone days,
1702. It was while repairing a mod- Thinking, always thinking el of this engine that James Watt Longing de<r sister U r you, made improvements that resulted in Wishing the skies could open the modem steam engine. Watt’s For just a glimpse of you.
fœt C" 7
the tolerance of “a worn farthing’1 j	Mother, and sisters,
made steam power available for * i	LiLLAsand \ erna
driving all kinds of mechanism and brought in the factory system and the industrial revolution.	I
i
I
Tips to Libraries
Public libraries everywhere might take a tip from the library in Dans-ville, N. Y., a town of 5,000 population.

/
/
Clarendon United Church
Up in Dansville, writers may leave manuscripts at the library to be read by the public. At the end of each manuscript a blank page ^gives readers space to record criticism. Though the manuscripts are not permitted to be taken from the building, 60 were perused and commented on at the library in a two-week period.
This seems to be a good way tc help budding authors, give libraries extra reading matter without additional cost, and give the public a chance to read many things so new they haven't even been published.
/
Rev. H. Gill Steers, B.A., B.D„ pastor Radford
Alternate 11.00 a.m.
2ÊS
Wesley
Bristol
Alternate 3.00 p. m.
Norman
Yarn—
Every evening—6.00 p in.
5
Jumbo Generator
Old Jumbo Generator, in original T..	i Edison Pearl Street plant, New
(W Ration	Now for those‘pillows ! To begin p& had*®? gfn^Ito^T P%
¦MASH „
widely. Wheat may be used to replace and y jt droops badly, and sags, or the coarse giams and I ran in the ration $eems a sack of metal in the hot-of the milking cow to the extent of one- ;om 0( the case, then—out with it I third of the total grain ration.	—that pillow is ' dated”!
;
A
T R C's $,$oe
m

-
Vitamin Dosing
The public’s indiscriminate dosing of itself with vitamin tablets was criticized by Dr. Russell M. Wilder of the Mayo Clinic before the Institute of Food Technologists. There Is no evidence, he said, that toe many vitamins or an excess of one type of vitamin may not be injurious, in view of our limited knowledge of the subject.

(in part due to,new and better steels) delivers a kw. of energy on nine-tenths of a pound of coaî; old-timers ate up four pounds to the kw.
Estate Mrs. M. C. Reward
n iij Centre Sts-SHAWVILLE, ÇUE.
for collection phone
Shawville 92 -- 13
j

¦
¦


