###PAGE###1###
I

: ‘

>

f
*>

»
/
I
/
Z


i
;
/

?
?
THURSDAY, JUNE 20th, 1044
8HAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE,
No. 1, 62ml Ykak
Dp E. J. O’Leary
DENTIST
Campbell’s Bay, Que,
Phone No. 68
KveningN by appointment
BORN
SPECIAL NOTICE
OlOWLING
II!
At the General Hospital, Port Arthur, Ont., on Tuesday, June 13th, 1944, to Dvr. Mosie Havelin (overseas) and Mrs. Havelin, a son— Robert Ernest.
HARDWARE
BUSINESS
College
288 Bank [Street OTTAWA, CANADA
îlever were Stenographers in much demand a* now. Wc are conducting a short intensive course. B.-gin at once and help your country.
Opkn all Sum***
AU buetiiese place# In Shaw-vUle wUl be closed on Monday. July Srd, rather than Saturday, July let—Dominion Dny.
VX%SSS%1
%%%%
\ S SX \ s s \X
ENGAGEMENTS
The annual Decoration and Mem-Hm|Horial Day Service, will be held in Hodf in»—Sparling	I Norway Bay Cemetery on Sunday,
—: IB isSstm5e
the Cemetery Improvement Fund.
NAILS
STAPLES
.PENOE WIRE
SCREEN WIRE GALVANIZED PAILS
MACHINE OIL
GLASS
PUTTY
PAINTS
VARNISH WATER PAINTS
PAINT OIL
Eaton Masquers *1 Piue Lodge Satwdny Evening, July 1st •
The enterWAmtnt by the Masquers, of Montreal, which anabunred for SuncUy evening,
2nd, at Pine Lodge, Bristol, will now be held on Saturday evening, July 1st, by popular request.
Malm Merrell ported Missiag
Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Murrell, of Wyman, Que., have received word that their youngest son, Acting Lance Bombardier Melvin Gordon Murrell, is missing in action. He joined the Royal Canadian Artillery in May, 1941, and went overseas in October of the same year.
Mr.

of their youngest daughter, Mabel Mona, to Mr. Myrland Arthur, son ofMr. and Mrs. Robert Sparling, of Shawville, Que.
rr,
July
ed
Min Beattie H
#. 1. COWLING
N. W. MAI T MW AIT E Prlnloipal
AnnS!T>?,i:	/I Miss Veda Beattie was honoured
Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Horner, of on prjday evening June 23rd, when
Charteris Que., announce the en- a number of friends and neighbours
gagement of then eldest daughter, gathered at her home.
Iva Eleanor, to Mr. Herbert Gordon The bride-elect received many
Armstrong, only son of Mr. and Mrs. beautiful gifts including a purse. Dawson Armstrong, of Shawville,
Que.
July.
JAMES A. MILLAR
S.IA..IL. I L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc,
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle's Hotel, Campbell's Bey every Wednesday At PootiacHouse, Shawville,# very Wednesday at Noon
.	. .	,	. . She fittingly thanked her friends
Marriage to take place in | f0r their kind remembrances.
Refreshments were served and among those assisting the hostess were,the Misses Rae Armitage and Noreen Killoran.
NOTICE
III
ruing
This store will close at 12 o’clock, noon, every Wednesday, beginning May 31st
DIED


On Friday, June 9th, June, infant
mwm mm®
vhu-ches at 1.00 p.m.	* Surviving besides the sorrowin'* Three services on Sunday, and
rÆWÎ: parents* is „„e li,„= *.W "	-
come, and bring along your basket.	—	.	—	Rev. C. B. Mills, Waltham, Que., will
be the special speakers. ;	5
The Canadian Holiness Federation, _n__	East Region, will hold its All-Day
Spr. R. G. Sparling, of Petawawa, Meeting on the camp ground, Wed-spent the week-end in town.	nesday, July 5th.
Sunday School Picnic on Monday
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McOU 1 University
SHAWVILLE.QUE.
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
-f Estate C. J. Caldwell f-
1
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate Barrister % Solicitor, etc;
Office^ Campbell’s Bxy, Quebec
(In Lawn Block)
PERSONAL MENTION
J. A. E. Cowley Grand Mailer of Ontario Oddfellows
I
Mr. J. A. E. Cowley, of Carleton \m ¦	¦ ¦ I a MM
Lodge. No. 240,	1.0 0 F., Ottawa. Mrs. E. L. Jardine, returned home
was elected Grand Master of Ontario on Friday from a visit to relatives SK 60th Annual convention held |in Toronto.
in Toronto last week.	Mrs. Ada McCagg, Ottawa, visited I The Stark# Corners Women's ins-
Mr. Cowley i# a native of Bristo , brother, Mr. R. E. McRae, for titute met recently at the home of and now spends the Summer at nis week-end cottage at Norway Bay.	1 lhL xvteK cna’
D. J. CAMPBELL
V eteri nary Su rgeon
tb AU VJ1LF
Starks Comers Women's Institute

Mrs. Wm. Crick with ten members
—ISAM*.?»?»	i °onat - guerr.er
l U I li*jar
urday, July 1st.	.
On this date, the morning train vseeK*	I ¦
will arrive in Shawville each day Mrs. A F. Fokes left on Thursday at 7.24; the evening train (except to spend a month with her daughter,
Saturday) will arrive at 6.59.	Mrs. «Don Blackadar of Middleton
FTh evening train on Saturday will Nova Scotia.
###& at 5.09-

was a Mrs. Andrew Hodgins.
Change m Train Service
FOR MEN
Notary Public
CAMP8ELL.S BAY QUEBEC
Br u, ‘ it Quyon ; will call any
* v -Monday op request ^ Mailers dealt with by correspondence
Correspondence from Mrs. Small and Mrs
*

. Hodges was read and fiis-
Mrs. Dagg gave a report of the ' | County Convention held in Shawville in hiay.
Master McKay Hewett, of Granby, a spelling match was conducted Que., is spending a vacation with his and created plenty of excitement, uncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. Man- | Mrs. Orville Smart being the winner.
SUMMER WINDBREAKERS
DR. H. K. NEILSON
Salvage Accepted Wy 4
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat
SPECIALIST
Lovely Sharkskin—two tone and plain Summer Sport Windbreakers and Jackets, and comfortable
Luncheon was served, by the host-
ess.
the Exhibition dining hall, Shawville Miss Cecilia Argue, who has been Tuesday, July 4th, from 8.00 a. m. teaching, at Pointe Aux Tremble, to 9.00 pjn. (except for lunch hours). Que arrived last week to spend Proceeds will be given to the trees- her vacation at Yarm, Que. urerlof Shawville and District Red Cross for the Prisoners' of War Fund of the Red Cross	|
This is your two war efforts.
Cool
ILDI
IC A l
MARRIED
$5.00 and $6.50
OTTAWA. - ONT.
PHONE, 2-7861
Gervais—Walsh
St. John's Church, Campbell’s Bay, M was the scene of a very pretty wed----- iÈfiE-gli
.	_ w J „	, Miss Mabel McGuire, Mrs. Robt. late Mr. and Mrs. Elle Gervais.
R. P. Eades, pres. Red Cross | Glasper and son Garry, of Ottawa, Rev pr. McNally officiated, and
__ _ visiting their parents, Mr. and during the ceremony the choir sang Mrs. M. R. McGuire, at Murrells. | “0n ^is Day" and “Ave Maria".
The bride was attended by Miss
Ray Toner
SUMMER-WEIGHT PANTS
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT -- BARRISTER HULL, QUEBEC Consultation* by Appointment
Save your
Summer-weight 11epical cloths, good suit by wearing a pair of these pants
$4.50
R. W. Hodgins, convener
$6.50
to
are
BEATTIE EVE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave
OTTAWA,
Wire Embedded in Log
Injures Eye of Sawyer, Arnold Anges
tume of beige imported crepe, with Chantilly lace bodice with quarter-Mr. and Mrs. J. Stavenow left on iength sleeves, and brown accessor-their vacation on Monday evening, ies she carried a white prayer Mr. Beliefeuilie is the relieving agent book and wore a corsage of T»lis-at the C. P. R. station in the absence man roses and lily-of-the-valley, of Mr. Stavenow.	Following the wedding breakfast,
Mrs. Buddie Bowker, of Granby, I gryson Que.
Que., and Mies Helen Wickens, student nurse at the Civic Hospital,
Ottawa, are visiting their parents,
Mr. and Mrs. John Wickens.
Sport Shirts
Cor. Gladstone
a three
grand-parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Cunningham.
•9
ONTARIO
Arnold Angus suffered a severe eye injury on Saturday afternoon in sawing operations.
When sawing a poplar log the saw cut through a piece of barbed wire, which was embedded in the log, and as the carriage was returned a piece of the wire, about half an inch long, flew back and punctured his
left eye.	x ,
. Mr. Angus was immediately attended by a local doctor and later taken to the Ottawa Civic Hospital for special treatment.
A report from the hospital Sunday evening stated that sight would not be impaired.
Short-sleeve Sport Shirts. Very comfortable. Good choice of colours
$1,95
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Spécialiste o.i all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Heg Optometrist
$3.50
to
Reg Optometris
Sport Shoes, Belts, Braces, Summer Caps
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
I
was
Bullin—Stephens
At three o’clock, Saturday, June
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
!
WMMp MU
eMBSr pis
BSsSKSs;
KHJB
parish cemetery.	ments and a guest	residence In Ottawa.
Jdo J. 0’D.naell Dies After Lengthy lllnesr mt his Home in Onslow
Men’s Summer Work Shirts
$1.25
SHAWVILLE ^ - QUE
Special assortment
Talking:	Pictures
LOU
Store closed every Wednesday afternoon
during June, July and August
BUD

COSTELLO
ABBOTT
"It Ain’t Hay”
at
THE W. A. HODCINS STORE
Shawville
Shawville Theatre
Friday, June 30th
At 8.30 p. m.
Quebe


\v_
###PAGE###2###
J


hese days, when tea must yield the utmost in flavour, quality is of supreme importance. Ask for..
T
s SERIAL STORY
Murder on Hie Boardwalk
BY ELI MORE COWAN STONE



y thousands
OF BUSY CANADIAN HOUSEWIVES
I
i

n


and listened. Then, as if the call had been a signal he was waiting for, he suggested almost pleasantly, “You might as well all go and get some sleep.”
Hardly daring to believe that they were free, Christine found herself, with Bill and Mr. Wilmet, going downstairs and into the street. As she and Bill were turning away toward Christine's lodging. Mr. Wilmet coughed apologetically.
"Miss Thorenson.” he said, "of course you wouldn't care to go on sketching in that booth now—but
I find a quieter place?
/
seeds, H le revealed that Mrs. Talbert wee Yerdley’e silent partner. Chrietine’s Identity le alao made known. Then the Inspector hands her a letter written by her cousin. She has been cut out of Cousin Emma's will.




Kellogg's cereals have an Important place In Canada's kitchens—now, more than ever. Appetising anytime— for breakfast, lunch, between meal snacks. Add flavour to •leftover’ dishes, tool
*' *
%
CHAPTER IX
Since Christine had first caught sight of that pitiful body on the concrete bench, she had known horror and remorse. Now she knew
5# r»<f
Some always serve luncheon meats cold on a slab of bread or with potato salad, and so on. For once let's try things new and interesting:
&

TABLE TALKS
F
f

terror.
HI see for you a very real dana voice echoed in her mem-
X
a
Meat Varieties


§tr,"

suppose
Could you meet morning—say at that drugstore in
the Crestview over? . . • Working with you has
been such
i “Why” l
•frankly I shall have to earn some
money somehow, Mr. Wilmet.”
•‘Until 10.30 tomorrow then:” the little man beamed, night.”
Liver Leluxe.
e tablespoons bacon drippings 1 large onion, thinly sliced *
# cups shredded cabbage 1 teaspoon salt % teaspoon pepper 1 pound cubed liver % cup water 1 tablespoon soy sauce
Brown onion In 4 tablespoons drippings. Add cabbage and seasonings. Cover and cook over low heat for 15 minutes. Remove from pan. Roll liver In seasoned flour and brown in remaining drippings. Add water and simmer S minutes. Add soy sauce and cabbage.
Serves 6.
me tomorrow
orv.
7
Boast Kidney Loaf 1 pound beef, veal, pork or lamb
kidney 1 sup milk t slices bread
)4 cup bacon drippings or butter
• eggs
1 green pepper minced l 1% teaspoons salt |4 teaspoon pepper g tablespoons grated onion H teaspoon powdered sage Wash kidney in cold water. Drain trell and grind, including the internal fat. Pour milk over bread and soak. Combine all ingredients and mix thoroughly. Pack firmly in a loaf pan. Bake in a moderate oven (850 degrees) for iyi hours.
Serves 6.
One of the most difficult tasks that faces the housewife is that of
getting variety into the meat 1 dish. Meat, In I itself, is delic-
¦	ious, but if serT ved in the same
¦	way, with the same vegetables
88 or without condiments, occasionally it smacks of sameness.
t There are many who will always bake ham without varying glaze to add interesting flavor to jfre meat. TJicre are others who don’t realize that a bit of natural home-grown herbs will pep up the good, old-fashioned pot roast.
"But,” she faltered, "Cousin Emma knew that I am not extravagant—she never suggested that •he thought so. . . . And she has mentioned her will to me.
$
tm
and talk things
a
x
W# *t
a pleasure.” Christine hesitated
V
never gNggNggggggggggFgggggggg
. . . I can’t imagine that she wrote
this letter. But—-who did?”
"Miss Thorenson,” the Inspector asked softly, "could you identify your cousins writing?”
H1—I don’t know. This certainly
looks like hers."
"Isn’t there anything you caa tell me,” the inspector went on almost gently, "that might throw some light on this business?"
s
"Good
7m
Z
z
$
Z/tfï

Z
"Listen, Christine.” Bill sait! ma Mr. Wilmet pattered off into the darkness, "I wish you wouldn't. Didn't you see those flashlights going off ill around you down on the Boardwalk? After tonight you're a marked woman.”
Christine stopped short.
"Was that what those men were doing?” ehe demanded. "It hadn't occurred to me that they were sniping at me."
"Well, it had to be. Tomorrow your
hard up, why not let me help instead of a complete outsider? Anyhow, little boss.”
"Not trust him? . . . That helpless old babe-in-the-wood?"
"Old? He’s probably not got much on me. Lots of men are bald at 80. And he may be helpless, but he doesn't handle the truth any too carefully."
"What do you mean?”

?
#
$
Christine thought, 1 ought to tell him everything—about Jas-par, for instanc phone girl, and about the swami # wearing that dagger.
But all that—with his inevitable questions—would take time. And if the clairvoyant had had any part in this, why should he have tried to warn her? Now she wanted only to get to her room and satisfy herself that there was, among her belongings, nothing sinister—like this letter— to complicate the incredible position in which she found herself.
"Nothing,” she said, "that 1 can think of."
The inspector's face hardened; and he swung	upon	the	disrepu-
table figure in wading boots who, %ith Bill had just returned from the next	room	and	had	resumed
his scat in the corner by the door.
"Thank you,” the inspector barked, "suppose you tell me just when and where you have known this
young lady.”
$	$	$
Some one—Christine thought it
was Bill
Then all the lights went out, and a chair fell with a crash. . . . After that there was in the room nothing but the sound of scuffling feet and heavy breathing until the door opened—and slammed shut. . . . Later, sounds of shouts and running	came	from	the	darkened
corridor outside.
When the lights flashed on again, there were left in the room only the inspector, who stood with his hand on the light switch, Mr. Wilmet, cowering behind a chair, and Christine. . . Almost at once Bill Yardley opened the door and
would like that guy’s job. Tu<
ment before he replied, "I am going to tell you because—well, you have got to know—for your own safety, Christine, he was following
you.”
"He was—what?"
"He was skulking in a shadow,” Bill said, "when you came out of that clairvoyant’s joint; and he slunk along the Boardwalk behind you, evidently waiting for a chance to stop you when there was no one else near."
sure
look at that buggy and all the trimmings.” The other soldier dis* agreed. *T wouldn't take that, job on a bet,” he said.
They argued, and finally the die* senter was asked why he would not take the general's job. "Well, yott see, there's no chance for promotion,” was the reply.
General Eisenhower told thq troops this story on himself w.iett he visited the Canadians shortly before "D-Day.”
MOTHERCRAFT HEALTH NOTES
about that trie-
pictures will be all over the
. If you're really
Natural Feeding
<g)
Natural feeding, that is, breast feeding, is best for the mother and
e best for the baby.
Breast feeding is A a natural proceed-h ing, and any depar-V ture from it should be regarded ms an r"f s abnormality. The failure of so many mothers nowadays to nurse their babies often arises through Hck of knowledge and wrong advice.
Why Baby Should Be Breast Fed
1. The breast milk is created for the baby, therefore it is the baby's perfect food and his birth-bright.
t. It Is a food quite free from germs. Cow's milk has to go through many stages before it reaches the baby.
3. Breast milk is more easily digested than any other baby food. Also it may be called the digestive of cow's milk. Baby will digest cow's milk better if given even a small quantity of breast milk previously.
4 A baby has better nutrition if he has been correctly fed.
6. Baby tends to have better teeth as he gets natural exercise for his mouth and jaws.
6.	There is a low mortality rate in breast-fed babies, compared with those who are bottle-fed.
7.	The mother has better health, and then too there is economy in time and money.
8.	VVe see that the natural food produces a well nourished and developed child, who should be a joy and comfort in the home not a fretful, weak, sickly baby, who is a constant worry to his parents.
— By permission of the New Zealand Mothercraft Society.
I don't trust your funny
f TH#
&
#
$
$
Christine's spine crawled at the picture his words conjured.
"Of course/' Bill went on, "the reason I know is that I was trailing
While I was down on
Hatching Egg» Stand Test Of Long Flight

the
you, too. the beach, I saw you standing under a light on the Boardwalk, reading something. I was trying to catch up with you when you went into that Temple of Truth place, and—well, I waited in a parked car just off the Boardwalk. . . . And now I've got something to ask you, Christine. Just now you started to call Puss-in-Boots by name, didn't you?”
"Bill,” Christine said, hardly believing it yet herself, "he's Jaspar— Cousin Emma's butler. ... At least he was her butler the last I knew. . . . It's incredible, but suppose he did kill her?"
"I am supposing it,” shortly. "But what’s a lot more vital to me is that he wasn't following you for any good."
"But, Bill even if he stabbed Cousin Emma—why should he want to harm me? "
"God knows—unless he's a maniac. . . . And only God knows where he's skulking now. . . . Christine, you recognized him at once, didn't you? I was sure that you had."
Christine's blood chilled.
If even Bill had been so sure, Inspector Parsons had not, as she hoped, been just guessing. ... He knew.
countries
reccn-
People in occupied will want poultry during struction, and if hatching eggs can he flown to them instead of birds, there will be many economies. Tô determine whether eggs will hatch after the variations of temperature and barometric pressure incident to flight, the University of Maryland and American Airlines recently flew 15 dozen eggs front Washington to Los Angeles and back, and then put them into incubation, with an equal number, that had not been flown, as check.
167 chicks from the 180
I
*
*
"He didn't go to any moving picture tonight—or if he did it
10 than nine as he said." "How do you know?*'
"1 saw him down on the beach after 9.30. You see, after Labor Day, I’m permitted to take my horses to the beach. The hitching posts are right behind that studio. Tonight I went down to see what condition they were in—and there was your poking around behind that booth." "Poking around?”
"He seemed to be examining the foundations of his booth. Just before I came along, he went off to the Boardwalk. I don't think he even saw me.*
They were strolling along the promenade t o w a r d Christine’s street.
“Bill?" Christine said suddenly. "You don't suppose any one could —hear us, do you?' *
was nearer

4799
« SIZES 12 20
i
t
ried out, "Watch him!”
I

little babe-in-the-wood,


Results
eggs that flew, and 162 from those used as a check. Conclusion: Hatching eggs can be flown to Europe.
Bill said

i

*
up
Perk Up Your Veil
>1
In these days, when good veiling is scarce, it is a wise policy to care for what one has. A weary-looking veil can be restored Cris; ness by pressing under waxed paper with a warm iron. *

i
%
f #
came in.
"Well, Inspector," said Sill, "Puss-in-Boots pulled a fast one, didn’t he? I think your men have lost him in the dark. I’ve been wondering just how long it would take you to notice that the switch was . right beside his chair."
"And Pm wondering"—the in-
were far from how much you
#
*
ï#i u
to
"Not unless the inspector managed to wire us for sound while the lights were out," Bill said with a short laugh. "But it’s a sure bet they’re giving us pretty short rope. We’ll stick to the wide open spaces in the middle of the walk. to discourage eavesdroppers, anyhow."
"Bill," Christine hurried on, "I've got to know—why were you beating up Jas—that man down on the beach tonight? ’
Bill was silent for a long mo-
i

m
You Will Enjoy Staying At
The ST. REGIS HOTEL
rOKOXTO
g Kirrj Reom with Hath, er aed Telephone, g Magie, •-..%• ¦
Uwubk, W-tO up.
•	Food, Dlalag «»* Daav-
lag MUhlly.
Sherbourne at Carlton Tel. RA. 4135
• •
3m
(Continued Next Week)
Sr
specter's eyes friendly—"just
helpeî him, Yardley."
see
The telephone .rang. Inspector Parsons picked up the instrument
Rabbie Would Ha’e Been More Sensible
As simple to sew at it is fun to •un in, Pattern 4799 makes a dashing play suit. You'll want the trim jacket and button-front skirt, too.
Pattern 4799 comes in misses' sizes: 12, 14, 16, 18, and 20. Size 16 takes \?i yds 35-in material for the brief top of play s u i t and shorts.
Send twenty cents (20c) in coins (stamps cannot be accepted) for this pattern to Room 421, 73 Ade-Imide St. West, Toronto. # plainly size, name, address, style •umber.
Dodo as Food
"Ye think a fine lot of Shakespeare"? I do, sir." "An' ye think he was mair clever than Robbie Burns". "Why, there's no comparison between them." "Maybe no'; but ye tell us it was Shakespeare who wrote, 'Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown.' Now, Robbie would never hac written sic nonsense as that." "Nonsense, sir?" "Aye, just nonsense. Robbie would hae kent fine that a king or queen either disna gang to bed wi’ a croon on their head. He’d hae kent they hang it over the back o’ a chair."
The flightless dodo bird of Mauritius Island, near Madagascar, became extinct before 1700 A. D., less than a century after its discovery, because three or four of the birds furnished a meal for a whole ship’s crew, says Science Digest.
annual meeting of the first church of
CHRIST, SCIENTIST, BOSTON, MASS., JUNE 5,1944
Easy Way To Treat Sore, Painful Piles
Write
Here le the chance for every person in Canada ruffering from sere. Itching, painful pltee to try a simple home remedy with the promise of a reliable firm to refund the cost of the treatment If you are not * satisfied with the results.
Simply go to any druggist and get a bottle of Hem-Rold and use an directed. Hem-Rold Is an Internal treatment, easy and pleasant to use and pleasing results are quickly noticed Itching and soreness are relieved, pain subsides and as the treatment Is continued the sore, painful pile tumors heal over leaving the rectal membranes clean and healthy. Get a bottle of Hem-Rold today and see for yourself what an easy, pleasant way this Is to rid yourself <ff your pile misery.
NOTE: Y lie spoewer e> this Bodice le svitflAMs firm, tM«| ksslssss
la	dggggggiaggl^Mgga
are - troubled with pnlafol pile», Hem-Hold mast kelp yea quickly er the small perch sue prlee wild He gladly reloaded.



3 N
ft



\

t
%

NABISCO
Has No Chance For Promotion—Poor ‘Ike*
il

SHREDDED WHEAT

r|
us



with

As General Dwight D. Eisenhower, commander of the Allied Invasion Forces', was passing by an Army hospital in his big limousine, with its four stars ami attractive girl driver, one of* two soldier patients watching the car go ly pointed to it.	% JÊÊI
"Gosh," he said-40 the other.

fresh Strmvberrks
i
Tj
WM
Itching,
¦ore.



6



ISSUE 86—1944
“1
Serve this delightful breokfost
Publishing Society
Headquart
4
good—eod It’s good for
them# Nabisco Shredded
Whiie homing militai, mi*m	te tiîi victory
nations over the anti-Christ claims of -injustice and intolerance, I he Christian Science Board of Directors told the annual meeting of The Mother Church, The/First Church of Christ, Scientist, in Boston, Massachusetts, that freedom is essentially a spiritual gift to be realized Only through spiritual understanding and attainment.”
Directors cited the universal determination to win the peace as advance evidence of a world-wide realization that righteous victory under arms will not suffice to guarantee freedom to mankind."
Freedom from want and fear, freedom in worship and speech, the Directors stated, constitute much more than a political slogan or governmental idee	for our gre	>wer, ( it J
pr m l aimed centuries ago that" freedom accords with ( law: furthermore be
cf allied
MACDON ALD'S
WLtf
m
Canadian whole wheat—
energy-building



¦


E
m
§
Heady-cooked, ready to oat
k
k


AW-
THE CANADIAN WHEAT COMPANY, im
W1";
Hr-- ^
'Cûj\acJjCi '.s SicoidcJicj jmtjha.

ti
e simple, c
¦

SERVEPLENTIFUL FOODS TO SAVE SCARCE FOODS

of ft
It
f
4 I
hur

j



###PAGE###3###

i


/
- 9
~4
OTTAWA REPORTS
CANADIAN TANK ADVANCES ON ST. ANGELO, ITALY
CHRONICLES of GINGER FARM
•y


Gwendoline P. Clerk*
That New Farm Loan Improve* ment BUI Would Provide Credit Up To #1,000
«





e

P*»
have more garden stuff tlian we cam use or give away, so, with futtws hoeing in mind — ' this year than usual, there are only two of us most the time, an* we are neither of eg rabbits. Which reminds me — I two rabbits in the field quits
close to the garden, it . . . well, there will probably be even less hoeing than gained for.
think we have and no
Sometimes we too much work to do doubt most of us have these days —but if there was ever a time when we should be thankful for
and the ability to work — Can you imagine any-
After its second reading, the new Farm Loan Improvement bill, a;med at providing credit facilities at reasonable interest rates for making permanent improvements, went to the Banking and Corn-Committee at the end of the


r
we put In lea#
¦a
After

work It 0# now. thing worse than to have time on your hands — time td listen to the radio; time to sit and think; to let your imagination run riot, conjuring up all the possible and impossible things that may be happening elic beaches of Normandy and the battlefields of Italy? Of course all like to listen to the news some time during the day — in fact I must confess that when D-Day finally arrived I arranged my work so that I could work and listen I had the choice of several jobs that day. I could work in the garden, wash or paint the pantry. I chose to paint the pantry and in that way I was able to listen to the radio most of the day without wasting any time. There were very few bulletins that l missed and I was always ready and eag-er to relay the latest news to Partner any time he came near the house. Incidentally, the hand music which interspersed the news I found to be a splendid accompaniment to painting. Try it sometime — you will be apprised how well your paint brush slips along to the
time of marching music.
$ $ $
were#
Tie proposed legislation would provide for credit up to 13,000, obtainable from chartered banks at not more than 5% simple interest, and repayable up to a miximum of 10 years, in the case of larger loans. It would bridge the gap between loans made under the Farm Loan Board ami r 1 ort term loans for seed, feed, etc., and is designed for the purpose of making improvements such as purchase of agricultural implements or livestock; purchase or installation of agricultural equipment or a farm electric system, or alteration or improvement of a system already installed; and for fencing, drainage or balding.
For these loans, it is proposed to the chartered banks to
mm
saw
If they fifté



we
» #


VOICE
on
OF THE
4
we

PRESS
m

^vr'v"x

1
AND NOT ALWAYS THAT#
An Ottawa flying officer sent $100, from his prison camp is Germany, to the Canadian •- -Cross. WÊÊÊÊifttÊtÊtttÊÊ
of what our Red Cross means, and
there is pretty good assurance that it is the one thing that the Nazis respect.

too.
has
e


. >
Red

I#
That tells the real story
/U
mm



-
A*


1

require
lake the kind of security available to them under the Bank Act, the Minister of Finance explained, except in the -case of larger loans for which special provision will be made in the bill. Thus a loan for the purchase of a binder will he seemed by a charge on tlis binder Psrlf, and a loan for the installation of a farm electric system by a charge of both the movable and aff xed parts of the system 1 he Government would guarantee each bank loss up to 10% of the aggregate amount of loam made by it under the prescribed conditions, such guarantee to be effective for a maximum of $3.500,000 of loans made within a period of
i *

St. Catharines Standard





mmmmMW-mmm
magnificent part in the advance on this and other German-held Italian towns.
AGREED ON IT
The older generation thought nothing of getting up at 5 o'clock in the morning and the younger generation doesn’t think much of
it either.
leadership, and then to warn them not to depart from the law of God, for if they did, God would surely bring defeat and disaster them, as He had told Moses long before.
He was ready to go; he had done his work. He had rightly encouraged the Israelites to obedience to the divine law, and he had set before them a perfect example in his own life.
Word of God Palestine is designated as the land “that I have given unto you.” It is the only land that God ever gave any particular people and that gift has never been withdrawn.
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
Brandon Sun.
TEAM WORK
A joint bank account is where the husband makes the deposits and the wife the withdrawals.
— London Free Press.
—o—
That same night I went down to the special D-Day service. It was good to see how many people responded to the call for special prayers. 1 think, too, it filled a need for self-expression for many persons—it was something THEY could do tween the battle and the home front.
And now time marches on. We have more or less got over the initial excitement of the invasion with most of us making some attempt to carry on as normally
as possible for maximum results with a minimum loss of life.
upon
“From the wilderness, and this Lebanon, even unto the great river, the river Euphrates, all the land of the Hittites, and unto the great toward the going down of the sun, shall be your border.” The boundaries here designated for Island were never reached
July S
ENTERING THE PROMISED
LAND
Joshua 1—4, 83, 84
PRINTED TEXT, Joshua li
83:1-5.
A MERE TRIFLE
Don’t feel too sorry for your-* self. In Europe it's bombs wake 'em up. Over here it's the lawnmower.
link be-
a definite
that
sea
three years.
$ $ *
Conditions for the requeeniug of bee colonies arc ideal during the train honey flow, especially towards the latter part of it when the bees are busy in the field and will accept new queens more readily than at any other time, according to C. B. Goodcrham, Dominion apiarist.
July and early August is also a good time to requeen, Because young, vigorous queens introduced then will beJn their prime for building up the colony for winter and will still he prolific for the build-up period of the following Spring.
* $ $
• Speaking of summer green feed for poultry, H. S. Gutteridge Central Experimental Farm, emphasizes that the important point in connection with pasture in sparing high-priced protein and vitamin feeds is that the chicken, a grazing and foraging animal, will come out in a superior condition, with the saving of feed an important secondary consideration. Ladino clover, he says, is the most satisfactory forage on all scores. Other plant# that rate as good all-round forage include Kentucky blue grass, bronze grass and white clover. Nearby experimental stations will advise on crops most suitable for the soils in the districts in which they are located.
— Windsor Star.
Photographs Taken Via Sub Periscope
rad's
even in the most glorious period of Israel's history under Solomon.
GOLDEN TEXT.—Be strong and of good • courage ; be not affrighted, neither be thou dismayed: for Jehovah thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest
Joshua 1:9.
Memory Verse:	Be ye kind.
Ephesians 4:32.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time.—The chronology of this period of Israel’s history has al-been exceedingly difficult.
IT COULDNA* BE
Scotland reports a shortage of bagpipes. We don’t believe it. We have heard false reports on the
Millenium before.
Promise of Victory
“There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of my life: as I was with Moses, so I will he with thee; Î will not fail thee, nor forsake thee." Here is a glorious promise of the presence, of God, and because of His presence, of continual victory. God promised victory, but the victory must be preceded by obedience and faith. As it was in a physical realm, so must it be in our spiritual conflict now.
The Navy permitted May 23 disclosure of a hitherto secret camera by which steady and accurate "fish-eye" pictures may be taken through the perisc >pe of a submerged submarine.
The camera, manufactured for the Navy by Eastman Company, provides a complete picture record of hits and sinking of enemy shipping by submarines. Both still and motion pictures are possible.
There is no focusim; or setting of the diaphragm. Variance in light is compensated by changing the shutter speed.
Results of still-camera shots are immediately available to the submarine commander by means of a portable darkroom outfit and special photographic paper, developed by the company.
hoping and praying
Kingston Whig-Standard.
» * *
Well, as I was saying I started to paint the pantry on D-Day — took the rest of the week to finish it. You know how it is — . you can’t paint the woodwork until the walls are dry; you can't do the "trim" until the woodwork is dry: you can’t enamel the shelves until the trim is dry; and you can't get j things back on the shelves until the enamel is dry which took longer than overnight to harden: I tried to create some sort of a colour scheme and yet use what paint I had in the house. So, to do the walls I put • very little shutter paint into a quart of white.and that gave me a pretty green tint. z
* $ $
I suppose all you good people are busy in your Victory gardens? Ours is coming along fine — what there is of it. We nearly always
He says that
COSTLIEST, Vtf CHEAPEST
The cheapest thing you buy that costs the most to produce is a newspaper.
Kodak
but it il now almost unanimously believed that the fall of Jericho took place approximately 1400 B.C. Therefore, the events of this book may be roughly dated as from 1400 to 1375 B.C., with a variation in either way of perhaps ten or twelve
Brandon Sue.
Tea From Tablet* Made By Russian*

Secret of Strength
"Be strong and of good cour. . that thou mayest have
withersoever thou
four hour enamel
If Moscow University investigator»* views prevail, tea a la Russe will be brewed from tablets thel when disolved produce a "ruby red beverage like aged wine with a slight flavor."	,j
Red tea was produced by biochemists working on coarse leaf and bush pruning! who have discovered a catalyst that transforms the extract from these waste products into a liquid comprising perfect tea.
age; .
good success goest." The secret of strength and the guarantee of courage will be found in ‘observing to do according to all the law/ turning not from it to the right hand or to the left.
4*
years.
Place.—The first events of the boo* arc located on the east side of the Jordan, opposite Jericho. The rest of the events took place on the west side of the Jordan, Joshua himself dying at Shechem.
Joshua's Commission
"Now it came to pass after the death of Moses the servant of Jehovah, that Jehovah spake unto Joshua the ion of Nun, Moses* minister, laying, Moses my servant is dead; now therefore arise, go over this Jordan, thou, and all this people, unto the land which I do give to them, even to the children Of Israel."
When they crossed the Jordan and entered the promised land, it was as though they were going out of an antagonistic world where they did not belong Into a land flowing with milk and honey, w#bch was promised te them of
God.

"This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth ... for Jehovah thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest." Meditation, the familiarizing ourselves with the ethics of Scripture, so that when crises or dangers come, perhaps unexpectedly^ we shall be able to decide our conduct — that is essential to all successful Christian life.
Red Cro** Storing Parcel* In Geneva
An extra 30,000 tons of parcels for British prisoners of war in Germany is to be stored in Geneva under arrangements just concluded by the International Red Cross Committee.
The committee feared that, with the gradual breakdown of communications throughout Europe and the possibility of a general upheaval when the Second Front opens, feeding arrangements for British captives might be seriously affected.
Consequently the Red Cross are accumulating huge stocks of parcels at places where they can be rushed to Germany.
¦
i
i
STATE FLOWER
Answer to Previous Puzzle
18 Starts.
22 Observe.
24 Negation.
26 One who dries
28	Robbery.
29	Musical note
30	Pertaining te aircraft (pi ).
31	Member of royal family.
33	Sun.
34	Accountant's degree (init.).
35	Conductor.
39 Head of Vichy, government.
41	Implement f:?, washing floors
42	Incursion.
44 Brother.
46	Dapper.
47	Neat.
50	Farming implement.
51	Assert
53	Credit (abbr.).
54	French article
HORIZONTAL 1 Pictured state flower of Rhode Island,
Joshua’s Last Words
"And it came to pass after many days, when Jehovah had given rest unto Israel from all their enemies round about, . . . and ye shall possess their land, as Jehovah your God spake unto you."
Joshua in his last words undertakes a dual task, first to encourage the Israelites to go on with the work which had been so mightily begun under his own
R A F. Statement
6 Alcoholic beverage.
9 Put down.
10 Single.
12 Behold!
14 Send.
17 Japanese sash.
19	Unit of energy
20	Dined.
21	Writes.
23 City in
Tunisia.
25	Expired 27 Eternity.
26	Snare 32 Roman
highway (pi ).
34	Comfort.
35	Hawaiian garland
36	Electrified particle.
37	Animal.
38	Tear 40 Glossy surface 58 Inside.
“Mines were laid in enemy waters” is a frequent line in R.A.F. statements. A dangerous operation, but the results are excellent. The other day, for example, a big German freighter loaded with Swedish iron ore struck a mine outside Narvik and sank in a few minutes.
God’s Gift To Israel “Every place that the sole of your foot shall tread upon, te you have I given it, as I spake unto Moses." Hundreds of times in the

FIRST CANADIAN PRISONERS ON BEACH OF FRANCE
VERTICAL
43 Kinsman.
45	Thespian.
46	Tap.
48	Expanse.
49	Far down.
50	Inheritors.
i

2	Suffix.
3	A grain.
4	Musical instrument
5	Language.
52	Greek mytbo* 6 Stay, logical figure.
53	Friendly.
55	Sun god.
56	Worry.
57	Marrow



mm
:

MJ










*
7	Silent
8	Spill.
11 Nova Scotia (abbr.).
13 Compliance, (comb. form). 15 Skill.


16 It is (contr.).

&
I 2
II
#
I
12
l
ia
17
l.

Mv
23
2

T '-1
i
5
?ME
f



9s



95






i
El






Tr-ens on the beaches of France. In short order Canadians

i

FT
A sorry looking lot are the** Nazi prisoners captured by Canadian Invasion #d cleared their beeches and
w





m



V
[ I




r«; imu;^
eJeZS-U Li ESZaEHEfflB
G E BGEH CUBE BH EBBS EltifeMB S ISEtiuti BG Su
EtiGBiu 12 BfcB EGEE K153
LisiaeiaciLzaffid
ulfflGESÎ
(UEEGBGXSGBi iriBK k«>:«GE HQ
EUBisiSSS
UE.
lucacGa
E KHSfl HaEBlUiEEE

LL Jj]
EE
EG

###PAGE###4###



A
f
THE EQUITY
Correspondence
For Crowing Boys
Shawville, June 20th, 1944
Vulcanizing
To the Editor:—
Some one has said that a community can be judged by the way in which it cares for the burial place of its dead. If that be so, then Shawville can rejoice, for the cemeteries within its borders are places of neatness and beauty.
As visitors to our town go West on Main Street and look up the gentle slope to the North, opposite St. Paul’s Church, many exclaim in admiration at this well cared for “God’s Acre ’. It is a credit to our community and our village, and while it costs something to keep it in condition, it is wotrh every cent we put into it.
Now this beauty of scene did not come by chance; but only by faithful i Interested parties have formed a Cemetery Improvement Committee dan arranged for suitable ¦A man is at work steadily from May to October, cutting grass with lawn mowers; the fences and around the graves are trimmed with shears. All this with machinery needed costs money—about $300. per year—not a large sum for a big job.
To carry on this work we need about that amount this year. We have no government grants, special large donations, only the individual offerings of those who have friends buried there, and want the resting place of their departed loved kept beautiful. So we ask for your help. Do it now as our funds are getting low. Send two dollars, three, ftvè or even more to the treasurer, Dr. D. J. Campbell, Shawville, who will acknowledge gratefully your donation by receipt and in The Equity. We need your help.
1 ¦ I Yours sincerely,
Mrs. R. G. Hodgins, President (Rev.) A. F. Pokes, Treasurer
Z
CLARENDON SCHOOL BOARD
workmanlike comfort and the coolness of these fine practical clothes.
Shawville, Que., June 21st, 1944
Clarendon School Board met on
Present: Chairman
We have just installed two small Vuloanizers and can now repair minor breaks on your tires and large rips in tubes. Let us attend to all your tire troubles.
the above date.
Walsh and Commissioners, Hodgins,
Brownlee and Tracy.
Minutes of last meeting read and approved on motion of Cr. Tracy.
Motion—Cr. Tracy, that Chairman Walsh preside at the nomination of Commissioners on Monday, July 3rd and at the election on Monday, July
10th, if necessary.—Carried.
Cr. Hobbs took his seat at the
Board.	, A . . .
The Secretary was instructed to
order 60 gallons of floor oil before July 1st, in order to secure a 10 per cent, discount.
Motion— Cr. Hobbs, that Joseph Crawford be appointed trustee of No. 12-a School, replacing William Tubman, resigned.—Carried.
The Secretary was instructed to ask for tenders for painting some schools, repairing basement at No. 5, School; also a caretaker for the Shawville High School.
J. A. DEAN. Secretary-Treasurer
1
Drill Longa
Sanforized materials in light, medium and dark shades. Finished with cuffs and belt
loops
Sizes 26 to 34..
- -

X
;
$1.50
Polo Shirts
gyptian cotton knitted shirts. Polo collars with
Multi-stripe
Try a new McCormic-Deering Cream
Separator now
It will put DOLLARS in your pocket
r
Fine E baspue pBH short sleeves, patterns in all colors. Sizes 4 years to 14 years
effort.
I
l

care.
$1.00

75c
and
Sockees
Short Summer sockees with | snug fitting elastiWeps Colors > brown, navy, green and OCp wine. Sizes 8 to 10 ... wv
Cotton Shorts
Washable drill and tropical cloths. Mostly finished with self belt or elastic waistband. Sizes 24 to 32.
'v
l
t

Hodgins Garage
I
/h
or
s


Buick, Oldsmobile
Service
i
Chevrolet
Sales
Pilgrimage to Mecca Goal Of 250 Million Moslem*
I
1
i
War prosperity and safer sea routes may result this year in a larger pilgrimage to Mecca, Holy City to a quarter of a billion followers of Mohammed. Mohammed was born at Mecca and there his vision of the unity of God took shape.
Mecca, situated in Saudi Arabia, is a city of 80,000 permanent population about 45 miles inland from the Red sea port of Jidda.
Pilgrims from Africa and southern Asia usually come by the Red sea route, arriving at Jidda’s harbor in fleets of lateen-rigged sambuks or small Arab dhows, but the manner of pilgrimage is not prescribed by the Koran. #
From India’s 60 million followers large delegations come by sea. grims from the Union of South Africa, from Africa’s east-central countries where there are 23 million Mohammedan Negroes, and from Madagascar, sailed around the eastern shoulder of Africa.
the caravan from Cairo has included M li 1,1 5,000 people, 30,000 camels.
' For the first Lime since 1939, dele- Phone 1604 1-6 gâtions from the 15 million Moslems in Tunisia, Algeria and Morocco
will be able to make the pilgrimage.	.	. M
In 1939 the French government pro- Electronic» Guard riant» vided a ship for Its colonials. It •ailed through the Mediterranean sea under British naval escort.
$1.95
$1.00
to
I
Phone 64
JE
Sun Helmets
Lightweight “ Hawley " sun helmets. Natural color in adjustable
sizes ....
I
29c

Tenders Wanted
CEMETERY MEMORIALS
beraasnen/ A* men
and
and boi/s
Applications will be received by the undersigned up to July 4th for Caretakers for the Schools of Clarendon.
Applications are asked to see contract forms at the Secretary’s Office before submitting tender.
Shawville, Que. June 10th, 1944.
J. A. DEAN,
Secretary-Treasurer .
School Municipality of Clarendon
na
We have the largest stock in the
OTTAWA VALLEY
Pil-
A.FRASER 6*. SON
Call and see us
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS
248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
Phone 278
FARM FOR SALE
ESTABLISHED 1883
Will
or purr.
COACH
INVALID
Mrs. Mary G. Hknley. K. 2, Renfrew, Ont
Are You Making a Will ? Teacher Wanted
@E0. HYNES & SON
If ao. and it is your wish to
identify your name with some char»
itable institution out of a desire to
benefit other*, you could not do
bitter than remember The Pontiac Community Hospital when making your bequests.
I School Teacher wanted for Dun' raven School, Municipality of CalI imet (dissentient). Duties to commence September 5th. Applicants state salary expected.
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
V^Shawville Cue.
Against War Saboteurs
Electronic devices which have been used to catch ordinary criminals or prevent their operations now
C<°ver C.«ch« Nitrogen; !	o"“
Restores Worn Crop Land against spies and saboteurs.
Clover always has symbolized soil 4 The most artfully concealed midg-fertility, good luck and good farm- et cameras, disguised as lapel em-ing. According to Robert R. Lan- blems or fountain pens, are useless caster of the Texas A. and M. col- when the spy passes a hidden ma-lege extension service, clover’s chine which sprays the camera’s magic is its actual soil value, film with destructive X-rays, ruin-Nodules of bacteria, borne on clover ous to all photographic negatives roots, have the mysterious power of which come within its reach.	.
obtaining nitrogen from the air. Con-1 Another electronic device as de- culars apply to tinuity of human life is dependent scribed is capable of reporting the	J. A. Smith, Greermoun
upon clover and other legumes, Inoc-, presence of intruders in an area as f r J. E Stî.ve>son, Loo pteii a n»y ulated with bacteria, restoring nitro- large as a good-sized farm. An in-1	Executors
gen to depleted soil. Inoculation visible alarm beam continuously makes vigorous plants which add scans the desired area, more nitrogen to the soil than they
i
L. E. SMITH. Sec.-Treasurer, Campbell’S Bay, Que.
Phone 80
FARM FOR SALE
One hundred acres more or less, being Lots 38 and 39, 2nd Range Town ship of Thorne : 35 acres mixed timber, balance cleared, belonging to the hat of Eleanor Rebecca Smith. For parti
Important to Read if You hold any Securities of the City of
Caretaker Wanted
I Another instrument, called a “psy-chointegroammeter,” the newest
mm warn mm
grass alone. Also, the clover re- that during certain emotions the duced weed infestation from 3. per ^ectrical resistance of the human
cent to only ». •	skin changes, becoming lower when
Every grassland. needs a^ cknrer ^ subject jg lying and increasing
and every clover a grass, but clover ^urinz moments of emotional relief, seems to abhor any combination of
poor, wet, or sour land of any kind,
Lancaster explains. On practically
all other post oak soil» within 30
inches rainfall, one or more of the
clovers will respond to phosphate
and lime. .
OR THE FORMER MUNICIPALITIES OF
MAISONNEUVE • DELORIMIER ST. LOUIS • ST. PAUL CART 1ER VILLE • VILLERAY NOTRE DAME DE GRACE ROSEMONT • ST. HENRY
SAULT AU RECOLLET LONGUE POINTE • AHUNTSIC
J. A. DEAN,
Secretary-Treasurer Clarendon School Board
Tenders Wanted
The mind cannot control the reaction. In addition, the detector records minute changes in the heart action.
Tenders will be received by the undersigned up to July 8th, 1944, tor painting the following Schools : _— Nos. 1, 2, 7, and 12-b; also for repairing basement at No. 5.
Tenders may be submitted individually or collectively. Specification as to work required and color of paint may be seen at the
T "	MAN,
Secretary-Treasurer Clarendon School Board
Careless Handling Reason For Worn Bed Linens
Iodine Helps to Build
| There are many reasons why bed Healthier Hog Litters linens wear out, says Dorothy J.
ciency include hairless bodies oi take time to loosen the edges all poorly developed hoofs. Fall and aroun<j and prevent strain—even summer litters are affected to a lesser degree than spring pigs bom in February, March and April.
FINANCIAL REORGANIZATION OF THE CITY OF MONTREAL
All securities maturing before June 1st, 1944 must be presented for repayment, on the 30th of June, 1944; the interest eojftese securities
will cease to accrue after this latter date.
* ¦ -» . .
All securities maturing on and after June 1 st, 1944 must be exchanged on and after September 15th, 1944 for* hew bonds.
PUBLIC NOTICE
Public Notice is*hereby given that a meeting of the ratepayers of the amalgamated School Board of Shawville and Clarendon will be held in Hynes’ Hall on Monday the 3rd day of July, at the hour of TEN in the morning, to proceed with the nomination of two Commissioners in the room and stead of Messrs. Hurst Hodgins and H. I. .Hobbs, whose term of office will then have
;
| rips and gMrs
j Cneçk all be^s for unprotected
M j	I 1	springs and spring ends and for bro-
These losses may be easily pre- ken or gpUntered parts that may vented by feeding small amounts oi catch ^ roag the sheets. Angled iotUpe in the fora of potassium 10- coraeri of spaings can be covered did! to the sows during the last ^th gummed paper or adhesive two months of pregnancy¦ Veterina- tepe, and bare, springs with heavy s frequently prescribe one level ci0tfa or sheeting. A good mattress teaspoon of potassium iodide for M
¦ €
l
riens
¦ -	_	^	_ pad wiH protect the sheet from »¦	.
¦emse
&



###PAGE###5###



: li

%

Ser\ I j® Announcements
SUNDAY, JULY 2d
«mwwSTJ
•esI
ANSCO
I
là
8HAWVILLE UNITED
Rev. A. F. Pokes, BA., B.D., Pastor
PLENACH ROME
Service at Shawvilie—11.00 ajn.
Service at Zion—2.00 p. m. Service at Starks Cor's—3.30 p. m.
Service at Shawvilie—8.00 pjn. Rev. A. F. Pokes, Preacher
FILM

is the name for the wonderful film you knew as AFGA ANSCO. One word instead of two, and its wrapped in an attractive blue and red car-

L UNITED
can, Lay Minister
BRIS
Mr. Leslie
*
St. Andrew's
Sunday School —10.00 a m. Service at —11.00 am.
Knox
Sunday School —2.15 p.m. Service at —3.00 p.m.
Austin
Sunday School at —10.30 a m. Service at —8.15 p.m.
ton.
the Gen
mess

IMPORTANT
You know how it is with changes of this sort especially to day.
the new packages around. And with the paper shortage
we don’t want to waste of our old boxes. So for a while will you please accept four ANSCO FILM in either package.. the old orange and blue or the new blue and red? Only the name and package are new. same high-quality film you have used for years.
i
•t ketlerfst
*f He e
^SÜSéSm. wm * **
v
It takes time to get
SS
p
k*
et
Sermon Text :
any
h
“Peter, the giver" (Acts 3: 6)
o
SCALES

/.
«ZI
With Faith
in the Future
ANGLICAN
CREAM SEPARATORS
St Paul s
Holy Communion—11.00 aJn.
Evening Prayer— 7.30 p.m.
St. Lukes, Caldwell
Evening Prayer—2.00
Holy Trinity, Radford
Evening Prayer—3.30 (Rev. T. E. R. Nurse)
The film is the
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED
ren Httw-.oar
heritably the war will end... Man will rise again from the
SUSSEX NR ST JOHNS PQ. REGINA SASK
of his destruction—and rebuild. In that day, the tech-
THE CORNER STORE
T
•tty of war, will be focussed on the tremendous task of reconstruction.
We look forward to the future when the great armies of the United Nations will be victorious, and all enslaved peoples will be liberated; and a. “Peace on Barth Good-will Towards All
more prevail in every land.
Glancing In retrospect, through the gloomy years of war and destruction we cannot help but fed, that sometime, someplace, here, prices and everything will be returned to normalcy and all quotas, restrictions, ration books and coupons will be thrown Into the discard.
This is our hope for the future and a promise of better days
LEO R. KEON
El ate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts SHAWVILLE
Parish of North Clarendon
Rev. P. R. Stole, Incumbent
DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE
McKee - Quebec
St. Matthew’s
Holy Communion—10.30
St. Matthew’s, Onslow
Evening Prayer—2.00
St. George’s, Thorne Centre
Evening Prayer —4.00 p.m.
St. Stephen’s, Greermount Evening Prayer—7.30
Charteris
Men” will
to
Parish of Portage du Fort
Rev. W. J. White, Incumbent
St. Alban’s, Packman Holy Communion—11.00 a m.
St. Barnabas, Bristol Mines Evening Prayer— 2.15 p.m.
St. Thomas, Bristol Evening Prayer— 4.15 p.m.
St. Georges, Portage du Fort Evening Prayer —7.30 p.m.
*»#
* *

r
-> \
Sn &cttbe &erbice
MEN AND WOMEN OF
x
DOMINION TEXTILE CO. LIMITED
Holiness Movement
Rev. W. C. A, McFartace, Pastor '
Shawvilie
Sunday School—10.00 a m.
Evening Service— 7.30 p.m.
North Onslow Sunday School— 1.30 pan.

SkiX..
F vast. Fdw iH
Tu«, Uord A.
WÊ
BSa


m
Ur*, i l

Ferry, Allred
J

A.
sgr
32-1.

tSÏÏTj
SSL. 4
FA
Sr
ittiui
O.
h" ;

9
«Urid
K
gê
Pentecostal Assemblies
Rev. F. O. Routley, Pastor
S$t
<
McN.
N.

te1'
Shawvilie
Services at 11.00 a on. and 7.30 p.m.
Bristol Ridge
Service at 2.30 p.m. and 7.45 p.m.
toJ:
a=3:Sar
tSr
e
tenfisa
K"
ÎSs.


Üri-h
Matte. Nodgm

ard
?
A.
J.
Stark’s Comers
Mr. H. S. Richardson, Pastor
Service at 11.00 a m. Service at 7.45 p.m.
Portage du Fort Service at 3.30 p4n.
a.
IIS
W. M. Jc. jf#H A.
J. A,
.C.
eg
A.
tea:
Store closed at 12 o'clock, noon,
every Wednesday
j:v
It

Jf
iSr.su.
aaaÇ
a.
zsr
G
V
eehl
jefV*n5
Eb
Uerd
FARM FOR SALE
ilP

I

Valuable Farm and Bush Land; three parcels will be sold separately
or in block. UÊÊttfÊÊKÊÊÊÊKlÊÊ
Range 1; Lot 14-A, Range 2, and Lot 15, Range2, Township of Bristol. To close Estate of William C. Young. Highest or any tender not necessarily accepted.	*
For fuKher particulars apply to
L. A. WILSON, Smith’s Falls, Ont.
0Ur
Composed of Lot 14,
4
Ciee
M.
if


,v
tb<
RV
teataS.
%>u
Settlers Imported Stock
To Fill Cattle Needs
Beef cattle, so much In the public eye due to rationing, are not native to the United States. When America was discovered, the only animal of the same genus bos found here was the bison. All domestic and range cattle are descendants of Imports made by the settlers.
The Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia, tracing the ancestry of the beef steer, shows that since the days of the aurochs, the extinct forest ox of the old world, known to science as Bos primigeni-us, father of all cattle, man has been engaged in improving the animal for two human needs—milk and tneat. For that reason, the Texas steer, or Longhorn, of the romantic days on the western range, is be- I coming extinct. He was too lean I dnd too bony. His place has been | taken by the stocky white-faced Hereford that yield more meat per I animal.	j
Another interesting point made is that cowboys originated in the East and not the West. They were first j known in Colonial times in the Piedmont of the South, the first cattle I range of America.
A
voy*
CHAIN
a
m.TS
a
:tiÊE
8

J
G
%
N
M
Etat.
IT
4“
:
«us
S'®.
SL
A

E
PURINA
CHOWS
«BL
CUSTOM MIX
CHOW-MIX
S=«
#
THU1


»?
rat
F
TME-MtA*T 1$ PURINA
ÏTÏ~

IS
3f -
Per.
FSZ
It Pays to Feed PURINA
i
«
r-
a.
t&r
To irake ymr own grain produce more egg*, pork or milk. letXe mi^ a Porte* Concentrate with it. If you are ehort of grain we can supply you with CkfiWaiiX) Laying Hash, Hew Feeds an A Dairy
Ratio
This feeding pi-actlee will asenre yon of EXTRA PROMTS at lower cost. .
«5.
:Sr
Ui.

fi»
Hn
CasH
!8F


SHAWVILIE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
1

-M
-
/

(
###PAGE###6###
w*
>-

ï»
Z

te
t
%
a





THIS CURIOUS WORLD
#






SPECIES OF TASTE WITH THEIR

V
i

r
*






%
?




PS



(X

Z,
x
itiFP
*1
/*
(

X

I
>


X
I





V
.
«
tcsO

t
¦
Hi

I
X-





vo6



•T



>



r
f€


^Vi archaeologist
SHAVED HIMSELF WITH A 3.000 y*AK-OLD 3#C*a.
AfAZOJOi that had ksn unearthed IN AUSTRIA.


Act-

/
m

mWmMm
%%

*?
WO

!2Vi

w



Wÿxi



%
1 _
*





¦


%•




1 m ttV3S£&*%.





IO 14








V
X
I
FUNNY BUSINESS
PRO VI N C E
d e
1 A

TOURIST AND PUBLICITY BUREAU

Q VEBÏÏG
CANADA'S OlO-WORLD VACAHONIANO
%



« <



100 Bey a , Toronto. Elgin 2111,

»

'
• •


/

X
I











' :





:



I 0	0



o

*hy
.
HHHI
88$
¦
w.v
I
2.1 o a
0
By Galbraith
$CL£é'%,
SIDE GLANCES
By Fred Neher
%
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
0
z
J
: a.
i
%
i
i
i
i


PE

wiU-vw
tS
I
1
!
il
t
1

,|J
tf
OR
1
«

I*

Mfla
v V :v> ‘ v
» >¦
i


;
ll

n


%#
\
4

\

9 * '

## i
% •»>


" x
V >
«
n * */*
Sm*m ............ .
,„0'	* * * * 4,
<
à
I

#

•t
fl
***** ' * t ; # J	,,
........... ¦••
*	/'.yVn »
e #
i
»:r

Ve
*

%''* * * #

*

ZZ-/V
#
HC T. RL m v & PAT Off

0

zf >
“He's been wearing the outfit ever since that new shipment of
mules arrived i"
%
4
4 • #
J#?.
• •
* •
<
y



*

#
P

/TC
y
" Constipation gone - this easy way
r
A


SC
Â
:

*Tm delighted I found out about ALL-BRAN, for it ended ray constipation woes. It rid me of taking nasty harsh purgatives—which never helped more
**fW
you suffer from constipation due to lack of ‘'bulk” in the diet, that you’ll cheer for all-bran. It’s so gentle and simple. All you do is eat Kellogg's
ALL-BRAN
muffins every day—and drink plenty of water. This fan produce smooth-working "bulk", and prepare wastes for easy elimination. And once you know all-bran's relief, you'll want to eat it every day to stay regular. Remember, it's a cereal

• I •
1
*.!t

Al

/

r
V
I
<
fc
as a cereal or in severe l


Ü

t
I



cereal helps to
ILGM
\
V


I
3
<
I

#
*
*3-9-**

U

—not a medicine. Get all-bran to-
I
“You ought to smile instead of crying, Mother—with Junta graduating, maybe we cart* start saving a little something !”
day, at your grocer's. 2 handy size*. Made by Kellogg's in London, Can.
»t
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—He Took Pop # Bait Neatly
HE TDURS THE GLOSE GIVING SWIM AAI MG EXHIBITIONS
T

MY
»
,VHO
DOES ;
/

9
GOLDFISH
ARMY EXPANSION
$
\
Û
r

/




z

*


9



!
%»
y

/
10-8
by TM B*Il Syadtf >*. If
f
A
Jiy GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Dugan Ride» Again!
'A
WELL, THAT'S A BRANCH J 1 OF OUlt ARMY WE'VE, V I
WEÏL START CAVALRY
IT SAYS HERE THAT X I CAVALRY IS BECOMIN' MORE 1 I IMPORTANT IN WAR ON >v 1
ACCOUNTS TH CASOLINE SITUATION
^PvTr	CSO WHAT?
I

HOWEVER,, welt HAVE


i
Y'SOLVB, TH* PROBLEM
outre
Wôht:
I
I
OF MORSES IM OUA OWN WAY---/

II


f
/
fi
VJ
I
I

«
4
/
jBr*V

/
J
M
\
Frobably the United States* heav-Ust draft registrant is Robert Hug es, above, of Mt. Starling, HL Officials took no risk of being false prophets when they said hie
(X



#/

\ •

»ehf t.

t would probably keep him
bm of the Army
• MÜ
AW
*














zX.h*.


'

###PAGE###7###


DEFENSE THAT FLOPPED
Canadian Flag
Carried Into Battle
Modern Etiquette
£y Roberta Lee
1

roll, delightful
Easy to
&
1 What are the rules that govern Introductions?
1. What is the proper time to acknowledge a wedding gift?
5.	What dishes ere already laid the dinner table before the
geests are seated?
4. When is it all right to smoke at the dinner table?
1. Isn’t it correct for a divorced woman to continue wearing her rings?
6.	Is It proper to have one's telephone number engraved on visiting cards?

The -Canadian Flag"
Into battle last week with Canadian forces for the first time in this war. Up to now, thf Union Jack has been flown
A few days before D-day, Lt -Gen. H. C. Crerar personally presented Canadian ensigns to the commander of the Canadian assault force with instructions that they be flown at headquarters of divisions and brigades in the battle areas.
The ensign has the Union Jack In the top left corner and the Dominion's coat-of-arms in the lower right-hand corner, all on a red background.
went

to smoke
i
i
A
1
!
\

J



il

\


'


ANSWERS
3. A man is always presented to a woman, a young person is presented to one who is considering older, a less distinguished guest is presented to a more distinguished person. 2. On the day it is received if possible. If the bride will do this from day to day, she will not be •wamped with obligations when the wedding day arrives. S. A cold aide dish, or relish (hors d’oeuvre), 4. It would be better to wait for the signal for general smoking. Often, the cigarettes are already on the table, or the hostess will see that they are passed at the proper time. 5. Yes as this is entirely optional. She has a right to wear the rings if she wishes to do so. K No; telephone numbe % arc reserved for business cards.
FINE CUT CIGARETTE TOBACCO

*









h
'5b *	* Ê
If Only / Had A
Garden
FIRST IN FRANCE

We All Want To Be Our ‘Own Bo»»’

>
Si




mt
a
• V]
1

>5


Most of us still believe that private enterprise, initiative and competition will make for greater progress, greater wealth production and greater contentment, for the mass of the people who greatly object to being pushed around by an army of bureaucrats, says the Lethbridge Herald. We still hanker to be our "own boss", with the right to do as we like within the law and within reason and custom.
If only I had a garden,
Aglow with fragrant flowers, A cosy nook, a friendly book. Wherein to while the hours. I’d sit there in the garden, While petal snowflakes fall, And hollyhocks grow stately, Against an ancient wall.
did the Allies take beachheads in Normandy, but they ob-Nazi defense plana as well. Here two Canadians inspect the sandbox layout at Nazi headquarters.
Not
rs.



THE WAR • WEEK
Commentary on Current Events
Combined Operation or Task Force Wins Battle of The Beachheads
I’d paint there in my garden,
A patchwork quilt of bloom, Resplendent with the loveliness. Held in each seed-locked tomb. I’d rest there in my garden, Beside a wishing well,
And wish such joy for everyone. When evening shadows fell.
I
months and years, it would clearly have	been	impossible.	German
aviation was remarkable by its absence; here at last was the concrete reward won by the men who had died long before in the Lancasters over Berlin or the Fortresses	over	Schweinfurt	or Brunswick	or in	a hundred	other air
battles. There has been no one crushing counter-attack; the German reserves have been so slow In arriving that it has been necessary to throw them more or less piecemeal	into	the action.	Here la
the result of the prolonged strategic pounding of all communications western France both before Day and since.
Unity Of Services
It would be easy to continue the demonstration. Air power has brilliantly justified itself; but so has naval gun power and so has the ground army — each, however, only in conjunction with the others. Some air officers still believe that the war might have been won by the total concentration of all energies upon the air alone. The argument can never be disproved, since the evperiment has not been made; but the whole weight of experience in the present war lies heavily against it. The great successes have all be won, not by independent arms, not on the ground or on the sea or in the ifr alone, but by the judicious combination of every available element upon whatever specific task presented itself. The greatest, most intricate combination of all has been adopted for the greatest single task the Western Allies have attempted.
Tbe ground soldier may say,
wllb some justice, that all the
bombs dropped on Germany in the
bit four years have not shaken
She Nazi tyranny as deeply as
bava the last eight days of hand-So-band fighting on the soil of France, comments the New York Times. The airman can reply that without the long preliminary "softening up," without the massive sir of D-Day, without the quick tactical support from the air and A# intense strategic bombing which has hampered every German effort to bring up reserves, t^e beachef could ncY*r have been taken, much less held. And even the seaman can add that without blasting fire of naval artillery Infantry divisions might never fought their way beyond the
^I^^^BI^KÊÊÊÈKSSËSlÊHÈÊ
bad himself participated in the giant operation
make his point with a sober hum-Hty and an understanding of the Other’s contribution not always encountered among the theorists.
• Pre-Invasion Pounding
The Normandy landing represents the "combined operation’’ or tbe "task force” idea in its most
ost convincing form. While the reports have tended to throw the desperate heroism of the Infantry and air-borne divisions Into the highest relief, it Is impossible to read the story without seeing the role of air power in its true proportions.
bard enough as it was; without air
the scene and through the long preparatory
THINGS ARE LOOKING UP




k
l
y

'
5
I’d dream there in the garden,
Of things long passed away,
And watch the dawn proclaiming A brighter, lovelier day;
I’d pray there in the garden,
A prayer that would not cease. That each man had his garden,
In a grand world, at peace.
—T. B. Gleavs
fi
m %




Lt-Col. Mike C. Murphy, above, former Lafayette, Ind., stunt flyer, piloted tbe first glider — the Fighting Falcon — to land on French soil in the Allied invasion of western Europe.
>
Discovers Home Skin Remedy '
‘Zittermokka’ Good For Nazi ‘Jitters*
t


E.
The German*, with an assist from Allied bombs, have coined another word to join blitzkrieg and ersatz in vocabulary.
(jitter coffee). Zittermokka Is the German word for the extra ration of coffee given to inhabitants of heavily-bombed cities. Literally
"slitter" means "mokka" Is I common term for strong black coffee.
This clean stainless antiseptic known all over Canada as Mooce’l Emerald Oil, ts such a fine
healing
agent that Eczema, Barber's lt< b« Salt Rheum, Itching Toes and Feet, and other Inflammatory skin srup* tlons are often relieved In a fen*
d aye.
Moone'e Emerald Oil ts pleasant to use and It Is mo antiseptic and penetrating that many old stub» born cases of long standing havi
if he
coastal wall.
the international It’s "zittermokka"

would probably

‘jm
Even the well-known statue "Physical Energy" in London a Hyde Park seems to be looking up ms Allied bombers roar over the city en their way to bomb German targets in Europe. Other up-look-are. left to right, Sgt. Wro. Hewitt. Bridgetown, N. J.; Storekeeper Jessie Watkins. USN, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Muriel Canepe, end her friend, RCA F Flight Sgt J. Aiesworth, of Montreal.
yielded to its Influence.
Moone's Emerald Oil Is sold b good drugstores everywhere kelp rid you of stubborn pimp! unsightly
I
and
"tremble"
skin trouble
and
faction or money back.
sat!
massive and
HELP WANTED
FOR SALB
HAIRDRESSING
ft A BY CHICKS
ISO ACRES, DAIRY FARM, BRICK house, eight rooms, bank barn Implement shed, garage, lots of shade trees, artesian well, water in house and barns. Hydro, close to school, on paved road, seventeen miles from Toronto. Apply, R. E. Bateman, Unionville.
TEMPORARY
CONSTABLES
WANTED
AMBITIOUS GIRLS and MIDDLE AGE
PROMPT SHIPMENT OF TWO week old chicks In breeds as listed In our day old ad In this paper. Send for prices. Also day old Heavy Cockerel* as low as 7.16 per hundred. Non-Sexed at
112.96. Free Cl r otch Chtckerles.
s
women, learn hairdressing at Canada’s finest and largest schools. Refined, dignified work. Splendid pay. Write or call for free literature. Marvel Hairdressing Schools, 168 Bloor Street, Toronto. Branches 44 King Street Hamilton, and 74 Rideau Street Ottawa.
A
1
Ages 31 Years and Over *
MARRIED; PHYSICALLY FIT,
AT LEAST •» B" IN STOCKING FEET;
CHARACTER AND FAIR EDUCATION. TO ME AVAILAHLH FOR APPOINTMENT IMMEDIATELY. UNIFORM CLOTHING SUPPLIED.
Apply In person to Employment and Selective Service Office, 17$ Spadlna Ave
REFER TO FILE H-783M
N
8 96. Pullets gnlar.
Guelph.
The task was
Top
100 ACRES—ONE MILE FROM Perth. Mrs. E. J. Leach. R.R. No. 1 Perth.
Ont
LBS.; OF GOOD
power, both on
BANTAMS, $2.00 PAIR OR 8 PAIR $6.00. White Bantams. Black Rose Combs, Buff Cochins $5.00 pair, cash no COD. Warren Stevenson, Mount Forest, Ont.
THE H tlon
classes.
Acad-
117 Avenue Road. Toronto.
HAIKUKBJkSINU Robertson method. Infor on request Robertson’s emy.
200 ACRES—BURGESS. 6 MILES from Perth. Win. Matheson, Perth
regarding
Hairdressing
3.
pcrmint oil, which has many important medicinal properties.
The development of this crop is another indication of the almost unlimited field for agricultural development in this country.
Peppermint Grown For Commercial Use
100 REGISTERED POLLED HEREford cattle at auction July 3rd. For information and catalogue write Malcolm McGregor, Brandon. Manitoba.
MARTIN DALE** JUNE CHICK*
BARRED ROCKS. NEW HAMP-shlres, Light Susaex and Red Rock Hybrids. $11.00 per 100. All Canadian Approved and No waiting. Can ship any Monday. Martlndale'a Faim Hatchery. Caledonia, Ont.
MEDICAL
IT’S PROVEN—EVERY BUFFER-er of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Sold only Munro's Drug Store, 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
$95.00 monthly. Farmer and wife, no children, small farm near To* ron to. Wife for cooking house work, one house. Milk, etc. supplied. Good opportunity; for ambitious couple. Reference, Lepper, 299 Eastern Avenue. To* ron to.
Most people will learn with surprise that peppermint has become important commercial crop in this area, says the Windsor Star. The plant is usually looked on as A weed that grows wild, and has only a few minor uses as a flavor-leg material. Actually, it is badly weeded for the manufacture of pep-
stock Blood-tested
TO CLOSE ESTATE 160 ACRES for sale. 95 cleared, 60 acres bush and swamp; large Stone house, new furnace, large bank barn, both well roofed; picturesque location on county stone road two miles from Acton; price. 17,000.00. Apply Georg* Somerville, Acton. Ont.
and
eggs
STOMACH AND THREAD WORMS often are the cause of Ill-health In hum ins ell ages. No one Immune? Why not find out If this Is your trouble? interesting uer-tlculars—Free! Write Mulveney'e Remedies. Specialists Toronto 8. OnL
After
STARTED CHICKS TWO WEEK Barred Rock, New Hamp-White Hock. White Leg-
Non-Sexed.
the
old, shire.
horn. Hybrid»
Pullets and Cockerels at bargain price*. Also day old Heavy cockerels as low as $8.95 per hundred,
««¦¦¦¦¦I _
Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus. Ontario.
dth
STUDENT NURSES
in
WOODSTOCK GENERAL HO 9-pltal School for Nursing wilt admit a class of student nurses for three years training in September 1944. Students holding secondary school graduation It-ploma wishing to' enrol in this class, kindly addrss application to the Superintendent of Nurees, Woodstock General Hospital, Woodstock, Ontario,
$1500—FOR SALE—SEVEN ROOM-• ed house. V* acre land, three-piece bath, hydro, town water, small fruit trees, suitable for retired farmer or pensioner. Vacant, reduced for repaire. Apply Melburn Belfry, Bradford.

Pullets $14.95, Non-Sexed See Catalogue. Tweddle
BAl'MEKKA Ft HIT BALM destroys offensive odor instantly, 46c bottle Ottawa suent. Denman Drug Store. Ottawa.
Headac
F
10c BARRED ROCKS 10c
EVERY
SATISFY YOURSELF
sufferer of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Sold only Munro’s Drug Store. 335 Elgin, Ottawa, Postpaid $1.00.___
RITMELY OIL-PULL TRACTOR 25 x 40. good condition, spade cleats. Make offer. Ferris, 6$ Westmoreland Ave., Toronto.
Nothing is more deprts-than headaches
FOR JUNE AND First come, first
ORDER NOW July chicks, served. Barred Rocks mixed 10c. Barred Rock Pullets 17c, Leghorns mixed 9c. Leghorn pullets 20c. Barred Rock Cockerels $10.00 per hundred. Leghorn cockerel* $2.00 per 100. All eggs set from 25 os. eggs or better and from high producing stock. Guarantee 100% live delivery. $1.00 book* your order. Balance C.O.D. Sex in g Depot, Chatham. Ontario.
%

EXPERIENCED FLOORMAN AND all round printer, permanent position. Apply Pyle H791M, Nearest selective Service Office.
• e
suffer?-. Lambly'i VX .will give instant relief. JSS
Lwbly'sisgoodforeai- 06* __
JERSEYS
WE ARE NOW OFFERING BULL calves from a few weeks old to
serviceable age. by our herd sires and out of good producing, high classified dams. The best strains for type and production are represented. Price* are most reasonable. DON HEAD FARMS. RICHMOND HILL, ONTARIO.
PHOTOGRAPHY


DON’T RISK LOSING
L
Police Cadets Wanted Age 15y2 To 17% Years
Education equfvalent to two ye1*re high school or better. Knowledge of shorthand and typewriting
advantage.
Good physical condition with ev»ry, likelihood of meeting follow ng minimum qualifications on attaining age of 21 years: Height 5 10", weight ISO pound*.
IMMEDIATE APPOINTMENT
APPLY IN PERSON To Employment and Selective vice Office, 174 Spadlna Ave., ronto. Ont.
REFER TO FILE H-784M

"SNAPS”
8
Dr. Chases Ointment
A M B
THEY CAN’T BE TAKEN AGAIN
Get finer "snaps" at lower coat — Prompt Mail Service. Send your film rolls to Star Snapshot Service be developed and printed. This Canada's largest finishing studio. serving customers all over Canada. You'll like our work. too. Any Sise Roll—6 or 8 Exposures.
DEVELOPED AND PRINTED 25c
Praising Star Snapshot Service, a customer at Windsor, Ont. writes: ”1 suppose It's hard to give your uewal quick servile with help so hard to get, but as long as you turn out such 4 fine pictures. I’ll wait—If I have to wait"
I MOUNTED ENLARGEMENTS 25c Sise 4x6" In Beautiful Easel Mounts Enlargements 4x8" on Ivory tinted
7x9" In Gold. Silver, Circassian Walnut or Black Ebony finish frames, 69c each. If enlargement colored. 71c each.
for Chafing Skm Irritations Eczema
HEADACHE POWDERS is
to
DON'T MISS THESE CHICK BAR-galns. All popular breeds, white Leghorns, Barred Rock, New Hampshire», White Rock. White Wyandotte, Light Sussex, bride and other breeds.
Hexed as low a* $8.96 per hundred. Heavy cockerels $8.95. Heavy Pullets . $14.95. Shipped C.O.D. anywhere. Give second choice. Immediate delivery. Tweddle Chick . Hatcheries Limited. Fergus. Ontario.

Is
FLEMISH GIANTS, ALL AGES, colored. Adult $6.00. Nielsen.

Does $6.00. Bucks R.R. 1, Oshawa.
n
Hy-Non-
1936 INTERNATIONAL 2 TON Truck C$5. fair tires, good running condition $450 with racks. ElwIn Greer, Al 11ston. Ontario.
i
Ser-
co
De WALT HAWS AND WOODWORK- , log Machines. Newest types available from direct - factory rep •entatlves for Canada. Quotations gladly furnished on application. DeWalt Disher Corporation Ltd., 402 Went Pender 6L. Vancouver.
TEACHER* WANTED
i 3

LAXATIVE TABLETS
QUICKLY HKI.1KVB CONSTIPATION
If >uu suffer from Hemorrhoids 4Piles) try getting relief through soothing gentle action of FERMOK LAXATIVE TABLETS which se many have found effective for thin condition. Go to your drug ntorn and obtain FERMOL LAXATIVE TABLETS—two month* supply for $1.00, or write direct FERMOL DISTRIBUTORS, LONDON, Ontario.
WERE CLOSING EARLIER THIS season, but have chicks this week and next Tell us what you need In breed and age; pullets or cockerels. We can likely give you v#at you want—right now. Bray Hatchery, 180 John N., Hamilton, Ont
MAN1TOULIN ISLAND; FROTHS-taut teacher for S.S. NO. 4. Rid* well, Manitoulin Island. Duties to commence Sept. 1st Apply, stating qualification* and salary expected to John McKay, Sec., lit No. 1, Manltowaning. Ont
A


mounts;

)
EC
?
STAR SNAPSHOT SERVICE
NEW INVENTION
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦PORTABLE Tacker, automatic one-hand compression, drives self-feeding Hansen Brad—Tacks, quickly. Eliminates using hammer. Free demonstration literature. Dominion Supply Co.. 188 Bathurst Toronto.
R
MOSQUITOES AND
KILLS
ALL OTHER INSECT PESTS
Box 129. Postal Terminal A. Toronto Print Your Name and Address % Plainly on All Orders.
QUALIFIED TEACHER WANTED r S.S. No. 8 Raglan. Duties to commence Sept. 5. Apply stating qualifications and salary to Daniel Budarlck, Palmer Rapids.
for
I
*>
LOOK AT THESE PRICES. Government Approved Chicks, Barred Rock, New Hampshire», White ltock, Light Sussex, New Hampshire X Barred Rock, Light Sua-
H-strsV:!rc. White
RHEUMATIC
Pains!
TIME TESTED QUALITY SERVICE and SATISFACTION
l
WASH THEM
AWAY!
DOBS YOUR BODY ACHE?
TEACHER WANTED *OB S.8. NO. 8. McKtllop. Experienced teacher preferred. Apply to Albert EL Slemon. Sec.-Treas, R.R. 2, Wid* ton. Ont____________
Tettr fütts proper!y developed azd
printed
ter™.
islB per hundred. Pellets $12.81, Heavy Cockerels $7.1$. No deposit required. Shipped C.O.D. Olve second choice. Top Notch Chlckerlee, Guelph. Ont.
..	_ DRESSING —
Finest leather and harness preservative. 811 pit also baa many ho u es hoi d uses 2$c up at roost grocery, hardware and chain •tores. A product of Lloyds Laboratories. Toronto
YOU WQMIR WHO SURER FROM
n, Black Minorca X White
Non-eexed as low as
HOT FLASHES
REPRINTS I for 26c FINEST ENLARGING
SERVICE Tee may not get all the films you t this year, but you can get all quality and service you desire •ending your films to
WASTED
t
«¦
Here's Quick relief fr able neuritis, rheumatic, ar
“3—13
en internal deans*. As pain and f<*ver produeine
WILL FAY CASH FOR POWER Lawn Mower and Electric Befrlg. erator. Give all particulars when replying. 1031 Moy Avenue. Windsor. Ont
by.
ELECTRIC MOTORS. NEW. USED, bought, mold, rebuilt; bel ta pulleys, bru shea Allen Electric Company Ltd, 2*2$ Dufferin St. Toronto.
SERVICE
PHOTO
J. Toronto.
DYEING A CLEANING
period In a woman s K. Plnkham's Vegetable It's helped thousands aands of women to i
I
*^JnsTorU slârtsïff’wrt
Ks Information. Ws am glas V
a.r0'pir&:t,0fc %
Ï Til ronge street To
NEEDS
ts to
/
SS.'ZS,
% ™
are
PKTHSR8TONRAUUH A COMPANY Patent Solicitors. EMsb sh#d 1110; U King West Toronto Booklet of In
WANTED—OLD POSTAGE STAMPS.
Best cash price paid. Send your Jlots to A Stern. 2001 St Catherine K.. Montreal. Que stamp for particulars.
eel
te
at the start a "1H
Ersttrlm
f#SM
ever x 000 d:
IN
PERFECTION
J. F. Donalds
a v n
* : '
Ur-
B~
U
Jo>
iis
11 on on m-
n r
c,
fieri



\
###PAGE###8###
0
SPECIAL REPRESENTATIVE
WANTED
A leading Life Insurance Company requires a SPECIAL-REPRESENTATIVE in Shaw ville and District. He must dc a man of character and ambition, a real worker, age 30-jO. To the man selected we will offer the following
v
f*




1—	A salary and bonus.
2—	A guaranteed future and pension.
3—	An opportunity to build a permanent business
career.
4—	Special training course in selling and
sales technique.
Men with previous selling experience not absolutely necessary but preferred.
We would be interested in making contact with a Casualty Office not handling life insurance at present.
Transportation furnished by employer
APPLY IN WRITING TO SELECTIVE SERVICE



WF


y

*
I





V^Vy.

6

a
y


y

Z
- #

y

1
r
A
y
a
i

F
s
A
\
I


%

i
y*


F y /
v
y
1#
»ss
FOR PIGS, CATTLE
POULTRY


North Star Feeds
Z


/


«

Fer Pigs Cattle and Poultry
The Pig that gets to Market Is the Pig that Brings Home the Bacon
Fült—Quicker Marketing — More Selects — Hitter Satisfaction
FEED--- North Star HOG FINISHER
Curl in their Tails
f
MM»
%
mr
f
#
Maybe you don't think this means you s ; t that it's a job for the other fellow.
If you do, you're wrong. It’s your war, too ; ; ; a war for every man who is a man ; ; ; for everyone who has a stake in Canada.
Yes, this means you all right and we need you now for the months of intensive training to make you fighting-fit. We did it before and we can do it again % ; : but ire need your help.
Yes, we need your help... and need it badly.
This is the biggest job we have ever tackled ! Everything depends upon Victory.
Canada’s Army needs volunteers NOW. And, that means you and you and you!
Wear Canada’s Badge of Honour on your arm. You’ll be proud of it, so will your friends.
Every man who is able has got to do his bit!
It'll put a
tKDGf op
£
4
«

y
«
OTTAWA VALLEY GRAIN PRODUCTS
*
Or
GS
m
LIMITED
RENFREW, ONTARIO


WEAR IT ON YOU* ARM


I
WYMAN WOMEN S INSTITUTE
ONSLOW WOMEN S INSTITUTE

v/r
A pleasant afternoon was spent at the home of Mr. and Mrs. F. R.
Hutchison when the members and friends of the Wyman Women’s Institute met for the June meeting, with the president, Miss Abbie Pritchard, presiding, assisted by the
secretary, Miss Edey.
The meeting opened in the usual
_____	ments of silent * prayer for our
A donation was suggested to help a , country and those in the services, neighbour who recently lost home The Roll Call had a good response and buildings by fire.	by telling, “What 1 like about your
Mrs. Nelson Schwartz reported garden.” followed by the discussion number of quilt blocks had been Qf several matters of business, donated by friends.	Conveners’ items included: a poem
Dainty refreshments were served	“A Dollar Bill”; “Quebec	Education
after the meeting adjourned by the	Bill”; “Iceland severs ties	with Den-
hostess, assisted by Miss Geraldine	mark,” and “How thousands of	Jn loving memory of	a	dear	friend
Ireland.	, , _	.	garments were made by	volunteer	^irs. Robert Corrigan,	who	passed
A social evening is to be held at	seamstresses, thus saving	thousands	away June 26, 1941.
the home of Mrs. Carmen Ireland in 0f yards of new material.”	Peacefully-sleeping, resting at last,
July.	.	,	.	A brightening up ‘ Soap Contest The wori(|»s weary trouble and trials
Bristol Busy Bee Institute . | brought the programme to a close are 1;
after which tea was served bv the ^ silence suffered, in patience hostess assisted by Mrs. MacKechme
The June meeting of the Onslow Corners Women’s Institute was held at the home of Mrs. Harold Armit-
1
^ A

age
The president, Mrs. J. McCauley, presided, assisted by the treasurer, Mrs. H. Armitage, who read the minutes of the previous meeting. Roll call was answered by, 44
I do to help my shut-in neigh-
JOIN THE CANADIAN ARMY
for Overseas Service
What
followed with a few mo-
can
hour?’
a
Look Here
IN MEMORIAM
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost, etc.
ASPHALT SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING ROLL BRIOK
MASONITE
TEN-TEST
OYPROO
HYDRATED LIME NAILSand CEMENT
FOR SALE—Massey-Harris Bin-Apply to Preston Hodgins,
Phone 20-40.
der
R. 2, Shawville
she bore,	1
Till God called her home to suffer
Colored Smokes Identify American Ground Troops
^SS. JtS S.rvm, School Child,on
orange, yellow, green, and violet Good Breakfast a Problem
hues jiow enable American tanks „Q& to schooi with breakfast or and other ground vehicles in the without,” is the topic for discussion battle zones to operate with greater freedom in areas of intense air activity without danger from attack by their own planes, s The need for simple yet reliable identification of ground forces was recognized as early as World War I, when military movements were relatively slow and aerial warfare its infancy. With the swift-moving tanks of World War II, supported by squadrons of planes, this need became imperative, as evinced by the savage attack on a German tank division in North Africa a few months ago by Nazi dive bombers.
The Germans, from their high altitude, thought they were attacking British tanks.
* Even before our entrance into the war, U. S. military authorities gave attention to the problem of identifying ground units from the air. One proposed solution was to paint a distinctive design in white or yellow on the top or side of the tank or other vehicle, but tests demonstrated such designs made perfect tar gets for enemy bombing planes. According to Brig. Gen. Alden H.
Waitt, writing in the Infantry Journal, "It was obvious that there would be more danger in using this system of identification than there would be til leaving the tank unpainted and taking a chance that it would be bombed by its own air

TO SHARE— About 25 acres of mixed timothy and clover hay. Apply to Geo. Stewart. R. 1, Bryson. Phone 45-13, Shawville.
no more
Jean and Dorothy Smith
CARD OF THANKS
FOR SALE or SHARE— 25 acres good hay
Millan, Bristol. Phone 16-32
We wish to thank all our friends
in many homes While the majority p^s|2%"Jym%thT%d % the of serious thinking parents realize ^any floral offerings-in our sad be-that adequate food is a prerequisite pavement due to the death of our to good work as well as to good dear soru wayne.	*
health, the younger generation isn’t . Mr. and Mrs. Harvey Sm always easily convinced of its importance.
Good home organization is one of the first steps in making young people “breakfast conscious” and getting them to eat the food that will keep them working efficiently until
assn
good plan to establish a smooth- ^Ifa. It can ** otted in five running orderly breakfast routine minûtes the swath board of any right at the start of the school year mowcr ancj will properly divide all and maintain it week after week, conditions of tangled or wind-tossed Set the breakfast hour early enough hay, leaving a clear continuous track to allow ample time for eating, and along the uncut crop. No exper-be sure the food is ready on sched- fence is necessary to fit the Improved ule. Then, instead of coaxing, make Hay Divider to your present mower, the food so attractive in appearance It is shipped to you complete with and aroma that even the most in- the two bolts necessary to attach it o
•srrjssL- •
ply approximately one-third of the to- p Eye 'farmer has experienced at tal food for the day, don’t attempt j some time ^h^ common troubles a hearty breakfast right at the start, whiie cutting a crop that has lodged especially if those concerned haven't ] &at to the ground or has been tangl-been eating breakfast, or if their j ed or tossed by the wind. There school schedule makes an earlier I js no need to put up with these breakfast necessary. It is far wis- troubles that cause such a waste of er to let them decide on the amount time and temper „	.
of food and then try to increase it | For further particulars and prices
gradually as their breakfast appe- I apply to llle develops.
Apply to Jas Mc-
FOR SALE—One dump rake in good condition. Apply to Kenneth Pirie, R. 1, Shawville. Phone 10-23.
FOR SALE—A number of chicks. Baby chicks at $10.00 per hundred; week old chicks at $13.00 per Apply to Shawville CoPhone 98.
The New Improved Hay Divider
one
hundredgpH^H
operative Hatchery
was in
The Hodgins Lumber Co.
FOR SALE—One year old bull,
Apply to ';'WÊÊÊ
gw*
Howard, R. R 2, Campbell’s Bay
A
FOR SALE— Birch Bark Canoe,
¦¦ ^
Ferguson, R. 1, Shawville. Ph.13-13

Apply to Michael
FOR SALE— Good table Potatoes,
Apply to John. R. Phone 11-12.
FOR SALE— One Empress large size range and one Quebec Heater, both for coal or wood, j Apply to Jas H. Homer, Main St. Shawville.
FOR SALE— A qunatity of food table potatoes. Apply to Gorden Brownlee, Shawville. Phone 2-3
FOR SALE or on SHARES—Seventy five acre* of good hay Apply to G. S. Walsh, Quyon, Que.
$1.50 per bag McDowell.
Agent Wanted
¦H8HI
Start in yeer own pert thue tjMMM
If you have been laid off in a war plant, if your farmwork or other occupation does not take all of your time, if you are honest and dependable, military exempt, willing to work for financial independence,- we will establish you in yeur own part time business, supplying household and farm necessities. Suitable outfit required.
The J. It 04-2, Me
LOST—On Wednesday evening in Shawville, or road to Walter Moffatts a lady’s gold wrist watch with bracelet. Finder kindly call Walter Moffat, or leave at Alf. Yach’s Jewellery Shop, Shawville.
FOR SALE—Frost & Wood Mower and Sylvester 10-tf. rake, both in working condition. Apply to Fred Hodgins, Charteris. Phone 41-12.
TO RENT—Comfortable furnished cottage at Phillips Lake, imroed-
X* J*
Write
, dept.

MSS,.1
Que.
Connell)^




