###PAGE###1###



No. 23 5Vtu 1*i ar
SHAWV1LLE, PONTJAC COUNTY. QUE THURSDAY. JANUARY 29th, 1942
St. Paul’* Junior Guild purpose holding a Valentine Tea on Feb’y Hili.	T
PERSONAL MENTION I Dr. F. W. MARTIN
Surgeon Dentist G. T. Paul’s Building, Mam Street
Phone 119
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Relax, Spread Out and Be Comfortable
Mrs. Allan Sparling spent the weekend witiihietda in Otuwi.
Pte Gordon Smith, R.CO.C., of Montreal, spent the week end with
his wife and familylin town.
&
Mrs. Alex H. Horner has returned home from nil extended visit to relatives in Saskatchewan.
ANNOUNCEMENT
I wish to Announce to the public of Shaw ville and district that 1 have removed my shoe repairing business from Centre Street to ray residence. Queen Street, near Clifford Cone s barber shop.
H. F. SMITH
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa Ontario
Thi*old reliable school haw removed to large and finer premises The finest and most model n in Ontario Attend a school with an established reputation Open all year.
War Pictures Shown
with
A series pt war pictures were diown in neveral places In the County during the past week by National Film Board, and although there was very little advertizing, the attendance was very good, particularly at Pine Lodge, Bristol, where the pictures were screened under the auspices of a local committee, and a silver collection realized * IZ for the lied Cross.
Mrs. Harold Walker,’of Ottawa, the week end ; with her
Instillation of Officers of Adiia Rebekah Lodge
the
spent
mother, Mrs. R. A. Dale,
ALADDIN
Mr. and Mrs. Earl Russett, of Ottawa, spent the week-end with the former's parents, Mr, and Mrs. Gordon Russett, at McKee.
Miss Florian Brough, R. N , of Ottawa, spent the week-end with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Brough.
Senator Byron Horner, who is attending Parliament in Ottawa, spent the week with his brothers at Charteris.
Lieut. David Clarke, R. C N., and Mrs. Clarke, of Montreal, spent*the week end at the home i t Mrs. Clarke's parents, Mr. and Mrs. P. J. Masson.
Mrs. Donald Baker has been in Ottawa for a few days to visit her brother, Mr. Robert |McCredie. who is a patient at Water Street Hospital.
LAC Herbert Wickeds, R.C A.F Mountain View, Ont., spent the week-end with his parents. Mr. and Mrs, Jno. Wtokens, Clarendon Front.
Flying Officer George Wanless, of Edmonton, and his bride, the former Miss Bernice Brotherton, of Hamilton, visited relatives in town and vicinity for a few days week. ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
Mrs. A. 8. Smart of this village will celebrate her f Sttb birthday on Thursday ot this week, 20th inst., and the Equity joins many intends in extending best birthday wishes.
W. I. C0WL1HC President
The installation of officers of Adina Rebekak Lodge, No. 40, was held in the lodge room on Monday night. I). D P. Mrs. Leslie Dale and degree team as follows :
J.P N.G.—Mrs. Lindsay Armstrong N. 0 —Miss Barbara Woodley V, G.—Mrs. Bruce Barber Ree-Seet'y—Miss Doris Jndd Fin Sect y—Mrs S. Lan ford Treasurer—Mrs. Thus. Shore Officers appointed were Warden—Mrs. Walter Harris Conductor—Mrs. Lem Hodgin*
R 9N G.-Miss Muriel Strutt L.8.N.G.—Miss Kathleen Woodley R.S V.G— Mrs. Bert Stark L S V G —Mrs Cynthia Draper Chaplain -Miss Maude Smart G.G.—Mrs. Melvin Armstrong I.O.—Miss Lottie Wright.
M.W. BRAITHWAITk , Principal
MODERN
WHITE LIGHT
JAMES A. MILLAR
B. A.. L. L L. " I J;
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
Al ftfefU’tlHoUl, Campbell'. Bay •very Wednesday morning At P4ntiacHouie,3hawville,every Wednesday at Noon
Victory Loo to be Laaocbed Feb. 16
Organization plans for the second Canadian Victory Iwomn to be launched on February 1(5 are now nearing completion and chairmen for various districts a nd^ comm unities thioughout the province are being appointed. Mr. Trevor Thompson, of Montreal, who or ganized the 1st Victory Loan for Pontiac, is back in the county getting the new organization planned.
Uses 94 per cent air-only 6'per cent, oil Is absolutely safe—Can’t explode
Yours for only $6.25

HAHLAND 0. BO WAT
Notary public
Graduate of McGill University
èHAWVILLE. QUE.
SHAW VILLE HARDWARE STORE
-• Estate 0. J. Caldwell
Successful Year For Shawville and District United Churches
Mobile Recrnitinc Unit el R.C.A.F. At Shawrittc Every Fourth Satnrday
4
The annual meetings of tho three congregations of tne Shawville United churches was held la*t week with the pastor Rev. A. F Pokes presiding.
In each case the reports showed that the churches and their organizations all had a prosperous year and that the financial condition was good with all obligations met At each meeting votes of thanks were passed to the various officers for their work and resolutions ot appreciation to the minister, and coupled with a request that be continue bis seivices daring 1 M2. Gratification was expressed at SI ta i k s Corners that the final notes on the debt ineared in building the new church hall has been paid and at Shawville the new electric organ, bought three years ago, was now free of debt. Highlights of the various meetings were as follows
j.
LAFLAMME, K.C.
••
Flying Officer T. B. Senez has just completed a tour of the Ottawa District organizing Mobile recruiting for the Royal Canadian Air Force.
Mobile recruiting has been reorganized to standardize the system throughout the Ottawa district and does away with the somewhat hit and miss method of casual trips in various localities.
In the future, certain towns will be visited every month on the same day of the month and at the same hour of the day Three trips have been organized to cover approximately 80 per cent, of the Ottawa district and these
Ad*
t* [Barrister,
•olio!tar etc
Orndi ^Campbell's Bay, Quebec «j* (In Lawn Block)
%
x _
Winter Time
I
DONAT Le GUERRIER Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
ft»?

is
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request ^
Matters dealt with by corresponds!! cc
f
trips are sub divided as follows
1.	— Smiths Falls, Prescott.
Brock ville, Kingston. Napanee, Perth and Carleton Place.	|
2.	— Winchester,	¦¦¦
Cornwall, Lancaster, Alexandria, Hawkesbmy and Alfred. "
3.	—Almonte. Arnprior, Renfrew, Eganville, Kill aloe, Barry’s Bay# Pembroke, Beach burg and Shaw-ville.
As far as Shawville is concerned, the Mobile Unit will be here every fourth Saturday of the month from ten o’clock in the morning to two in the afternoon.
Another feature of these tours will be that the R. C, A. F. will bring along* with them a Medical Officer who will examine the applicants oil the spot, and tell them immediately whether or not they are fit for service
Knitting
Sugar Ratieeed to Twelve Ouecei a Week
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT - BARRIS.TER ^ HULL, QUEBEC
A t Proufoot’S Hotel Campbell’s Bay every Tuesday at Noon.
At Pontiac House .Shawville every
Tuesday Evening
Ml

Morrisburg,
STARK’S CORNERS This meeting was held on Wed* ne-day in the hall. The membership was given as 53 and there had been 5 baptisms and 4 funerals during the yeai. The Y. P U. reported 14 members and receipt* of #24 ; the Womans Association had 20 members and receipts of #283 00; the Sunday school 53 scholars and receipts oi $32 and the Church Treasurer reported receipts of I 400 of which $ 70 was for missions. The officers elected
Elders, John A Dean,
Time

By order of the war time prices and Trade Board Canadians may not purchase more than two weeks supply of sugar at the prescribed ration figure. Those who have more than that amount on hand must use their supplies until they are less than sufficient under the ration for two weeks before buying more.	~
The order, effective Sunday last fixed three quarters of a pound per person per week as the sugar ration for household consumption in Canada.
It is unlawful to purchase more than two weeks’ supply at a time, to purch i*e any sugar for household use if there is two week’s supply or more on hand.
There is no restriction on the method of purchase, he made clear. One person may buy for a whole household, either in person or by telephone, for cash or credit.
It will be up to the Canadian to regulate himself and obey the sugar law.
Any breach of board orders carries a possible penalty of $ 5,000 fine and two years imprisonment,
/
We invite you to see what we have to
offer in knitting* yarns
I
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX»
were
Harvey Wilson, Leslie Dean ; Stewards, Clifford FnlforJ. Erwin Smart, Bert Stark, John Cunningham, William Crick ; I nhere, Erwin Smart, Clive Smart, Kelvin Crick, Cedric Elliott, Alvin Brown; Organist, Mrs. Wes Palmer ; Session clerk, Leslie Dean ; Church Treasurer, Harvey Wilson ; Representatives to Presbytery, Irwin Smart, Hubert Elliott
Phone 81
i
SUPER WHEELING YARN
Er. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE. PLATEAU 63 S •
Finest quality Canadain [Wheeling \arn Knits farther than most regular Wheeling Yarns.
ji
Mr. Alex Beaa Die: el Injuries Free Kick Free Colt
>
All shades, 2 & 3 ply $1.60 per lb,
l

It is with deep regret that we report the death of Mr. Alex Beau, who passed away at the Pontiac Community Hospital on Friday hh the result of severe injuries received from a kick from a coit at hih farm on Wednesday evening when he was watering the stock.
Mr. Bean was a life long resident of Clarendon, and one of the townships leading farmers. He
was born ill 1805, a son of the late Qn Wednesday, Dec. 3rd, the Mr. and Mrs. Oliver Bean. He had wedding took place at Tenandry been a member of the Orange Church of Alvin Stewart Whelen,
Order and was very active in c. F. C. and Miss Helen M. Ul&shan, municipal affairs, being a conn- younger daughter of Mr. and Mrs. tillor for a number of years.	Alastan Macdonald, of Shellock
An Anglican, he attended St. Killieerankie.	8
Alban's Church, Parkman.	The bride, who was given away
He was married 54 years ago to by her father, was in a robe of Miss Lucinda Hodgius. who sur- |vory satin, and she wore a chan vives, with two sous Wilfred, of jet orBnge blossom and brnssels Clarendon, and Thomas, on the net veil. Her shower bouquet was homestead ; three daughters, Mrs. Qf p|nfc chrysanthemums.
James Cunningham, of South gj,e was attended by her sister,
Porcupine, Mrs. Albcr t Leack, of Miss Margaret Macdonald, whose Pembroke and Mrs. Roy Dagg. of dress of delphinium blue needle l in t endon : four sisters, Mrs. Win. drawn lace was in Victorian style Pultz, of Renfrew, Mrs. Arthur	carried yellow chrysanthe
Stevenson, of Toronto mod Mrs. mnmr and wore a chaplet of blue Peter Geer/of Winnipeg, and Miss and tnver.
Alice Bean, of Clarendon. Twenty Betty Gibb, the little train ninegrandcbildren also survive. bearer, in white Pflk wore a ban The funeral was held on Monday deau of pink roses and carried a afternoon from the late home on po*y 0f pink chrysanthemums, the Portage du Fort road, to St Rev. D. M Sinclair officiated,!
Alban's Church, Parkman. Service Groomsman was L Corp. Mahon.	ZION
was conducted by Rev. Donald c p. p, and the ushers were The % members of Zion congre
23531»	rssWiif
tor of Sbawville United Church Allen h A. p.	. ba,anM on hand. The W. A. with
jrts toss* s^æirïëi %1 &
During the service Mrs. Clive Mmg. Mendelssohns “Wedding R,ed Cross • 12.00 The election of Smart and Mrs. Leslie Dean sang a March” concluded the service. Queers resulted as follows duet. " NolDiiapomkntfit ni Mrs. Watson Walker, Kinross. Session, Mervyn Thompson, Geo
Heaven. ’	presided at the organ.	Warren, Wesley Hynes, John
Interment was made at Stalks The reception was held at Shel • aturgeou • Stewards, Harold Corners Cemetery, the pall bearers |ocfc where Mrs. Macdonald, the	but Draper. Graham
being, Messrs. Clarence and hm* bride's mother, received the guest*. Thompson, | Harry Wilson and merson Horner, Garfield, Harry, | For travelling the bride chose * Hany «Sturgeon, Treasurer : Oi •
Lloyd and Harland Hodgins, all 8mBrt frock of grey woollen cloque ^ Mrs. Wesley Hynes ; S. S mhews of the deceased.	with coat and hat to match	8upt , Wesley Hyne Secretary.
There was u very large attend- The groom Isa son of Mr- James L%1|ra Barber ; Managers, James. m MM
... r»=,™i ......" 5^35-ta s«Srti ÿ;sri.aie”* ",to "d (shawville
Ottawa.
WARRIOR BRAND WOOL
Special Yarn for Military Knitting 4 ply only, in grey Airforce blue and khaki 50c per hank.

SHAWVILLE
At this meeting. Thursday eveu ing, Edgar Horigin", church TW, tirer, reported receipts ot 9 SMi 00 of which $ 500 wa* for missions ; Miss Kay Woodley reporting for the Woman’s Association showed receipts of 8 347.00 ; Mrs. Walter Harris showed the W. M. S. had 50 members and had raised $240 for missions ; George Bade# told of 79 members in the Y. P. U., re ceipts of $ 287 00 and a balance of $219 00 with $2600 for missions ; the Sunday school reported 120 scholars, receipts of $ 848.00 and $ 121 given to missions. Plans were made to renovate the church this spring.
The new officers elected for a two year Session:—Walter Harris, N. D Kilgour, T. Clifford Wilson, R. J. Tracey, R P Eades and Harold Hodgins; Steward#, Edgar Hudgins, Dr. 8 E. McDowell, D T Hodgins, U. H MacLean, Art Dagg. Hazlewood Elliott. Rev. A. P. Pokes reported that there 94 additions to the church roll during 1941 making the total membership 265 and there were 44 baptisms. 10 marriages and 8 burials at this appointment.
DU. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
i
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St.Catherine Street .West MONTREAL, QUE.
Alvin Stewart Whalen Harriet! Overseas
v
DUNKIRK WOOL
A very popular Military Yarn in Airforce blue, khaki, grey, fine 4 ply. One ball knit;» a pair of socks, 60c per ball.
SUAI*. 3*67
H K. NEILSON, M.D,
FOR FINER KNITTING
Ej j, Ear, Nose aid Threat SPECIALIST
Andalusian, Beehive, Crochet Knitting Wool, Bluebird, Orkney. Super Service Wool, etc.
i
ONT.
OTTAWA.

PHONE, 2-7961
'
w
t

BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
JUST ARRIVED
462 Bronson Avo., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA, ONTARIO
scismiHOjrs exahinauohs
Specialists on mil tiseal and muscular eye defects
T, T. Beattie, Kathleen M Rollins,
leg. Op tm.trlit
New Cenille Bedspreads, beautifully designed *' patterns in rose American beauty, peach, yellow, mauve, green, wine.
See these spreads $8.00 each.
were
All double bed
size.
•eg. Optometrist
Gordon T. Paul
INSU RANGE

See our Remnant Table
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations

THE W. A. HOOCINS STORE

Quebec
Shawville
ne
QUE
beautiful floral tributes were re
ceired.
•1







\



:


U
###PAGE###2###
Russia’s Second Line of Defense
ANDY HARDY TAKES A BRIDE
SUNDAY SCHOOL LESSON
RADIO REPORTER
DIALING WITH DAVE:
Groupe of Men Behind Front Line Put Eeeentlel Service# In Working Order
have expected, Jack Benny, Lmi Radio Theatre, Hie Aldrich tly (Jumped to 4th place after a year In Canadian Radio), Fibber McGee and the Kraft Music Hal. Daytime serial that took top rating was Road of Ufa! How dose this
It might be said that writer A1 Morley la Jumping from the frying pan Into the fire, or from the dog-houee into a madhouse. For over two years he has been writing the "Uncle Walters Dog House" program. Now he has resigned to Join BXlgar Bergen's writing staff In Hollywood to help put sassy words In Charlie McCarthy's mouth! Look for some new humor and gage in the Sunday night CROC and CBC network funfeet—Charlie McCarthy at 9.10 D.S.T.
LESSON IV
THE TEMPTATION OF JESUS Matthew 4i 1*111 Mark 1:12, 13|
Luke 4:1-13
PRINTED TEXT, Matthew 4:1-11. GOLDEN TEXT
• . . one that hath bean in all peints tempted like as
wet without aim. Hebrews 4:15. THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time.—The spring of A.D. IT. Place.—A wilderness, probably en the west aide of the Jordan, though its location is not definitely known.

The enthusiasm and skill of the Russian workers, who form the second line of the great Russian army pushing back the German troops, has been paid tribute to by e British broadcaster the setup of the Russian army he said that Immediately behind the front line army there was the engineering and technical department, the rallworker gauge and groups of others whose Job K Is to get into working order all means of communication, railway stations, bridges, and the most essential services.
"They oall them second line soldiers and they are filled with the high spirit as their brothers


•taok up with your preferences?

• #
Describing
A few 1160 listening Tlpei
Every Thursday there a a apse-lal giveaway on the Happy Gang —which adds no end to the on the program on that particular day. Of course, there’s always when Bert Pearl, Hugh Bartlett, Bob Par non, Kathleen Stokes, Mb die Allen and Blaln Maths get te» gather — that's why they’re called "’The Happy Gang." We partie#» larly like the way they’ve re-introducing the old song "Over here tor Over There!"
The Mémoire of Dr. J. O bert — Friday at 7.00 p.m. D.8.T. are dramatisations of actual parlance• in the Interesting ear of the Doctor’s.
Like really fine Gospel singing? Then listen to the Precious Pro## lee Hour, Sunday mornings at # ## D.8.T. on CKOG. Rev. W. W. Tim*, who conduct# the program has s great tenor voice, and program often features the old favorites — like "Ninety and Ninels like a Mountain Railroad" — and others.
Record of the week is "White Cliffs of Dover". Kay Kyeer and Sammy Kaye have both made fine recordings of the tone!

#
w
The Great Glldersleve, one of radio’s newest big time comedy programs, grew out of the Fibber McGee show, with McGee's sidekick Glldy, streamlined Into a show of hie own. Among the many voices on the show is that of Lu-rene Tuttle who plays young Leroy's Indulgent slater, Marjorie. Lureee also Is featured In many of the leading dramatic bits In Academy Award, Bun day a at #16 on CROC. The Great Glldersleve
heard Sundays
Satan's Desire
1.	"To be tempted of the devil." Satan’s deep and constant desire, as the enemy ef God, is to thwart God’s purposes, to prevent God from saving mon, and to make it impossible for the Kingdom of God to be fulfilled.
2.	"And when he had fasted forty days and forty nighta, he afterward hungered.” We should always bear in mind that our Lord’s temptation occurred immediately after Hia baptism, that la, immediately after the hour He was officially anointed by the Holy Spirit to undertake his great ministry. The number ‘forty* frequently recurs in the scriptures in relation to circumstances not altogether dissimilar from this event.
3.	"And the tempter came and said unto him. If thou art the son of God, command that these stones become bread.” The tempter puts the matter in this form in order to invite Jesus to establish the fact by a miracle and in order to intimate that ha certainly has the right thus to satisfy hia hunger. Jesus was tempted to work a miracle in order to relieve him hunger. But he never performed miracles merely for hie own benefit; they were all wrought to do good to others, and to attest his divine mission.
4.	"But he answered and said, Jt is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.” In each of the three temptations, Christ answers by quoting a passage from the Old Testament Scriptures. What Is this word of God which we are to flash through all falsehood like the thrust of a gleaming •word ? It is the word of divine truth; it is the word of divine promise, laying God’s strengthening comfort upon the heart. Note carefully that the moment Christ wields the Word of God, Satan ceases a particular temptation.
6. "Then the devil taketh him into the holy city; and he set him on the pinnacle of the temple, 6. and sa 1th unto him, If thou art the Son of God, cast thyself down; for it is written, He shall give his angels charge concerning thee: and, on their hands they shall bear thee up, Lest haply thou dash thy foot against a atone.” Jesus stands on the lofty pinnacle of the Tower, or of the Temple porch. He is surveying the scene and by his side is the tempter, watching him. This was the time to act upon his trust. But so to have done would have been not trust—far less the heroism of faith—but presumption. Such temptation as was here presented to oar Lord can occur in our own lives.

In front of them." said the speaker. "The railways are put In order with a speed that la almost unbelievable. In one very Important spot, half a mile of destroyed raillines were repaired In three

way
hours. At an Important Junction work was carried on day and night Fires were lit to give light and warmth for the men working oa the trains and other equipment Interminable supply columns move steadily along.
"Behind the technical and supply departments, come the people who used to live in the villages and towns. They came back most of them to find their homes destroyed or their property stolen. Government committees are there to give Immediate assistance and wlthlm three weeks life begins to

Is an NBC show
at T.SO p.m. D.8.T

Canadian survey on top notch ¦hows of the year 1941, place Charlie McCarthy (CKOC and CBC network) In first spot with nighttime dialers (Sunday 9.00 D.8.T.), and The Happy Gang, (CKOO and OBO network DÜ.T.) ae second top listened to show with day-tine audiences.
consistent big night time favorites, included ea you might
i
Yes, it’s Andy Hardy—all grown up and playing the real life role of bridegroom. The 21-year-old film star is pictured with hie 19-year-old bride, the former A va Gardner, of Wilson, N.C., shortly after their wedding in the Presbyterian Church of Ballard, Calif.
dally 1 p.m.
Dog—No Asthma No Dog—Asthma
Winston Churchill Values Punctuality
Olh
two or return to normal."
OUR RADIO LOG
Scientists may — and do — snicker in their beards .all they please, but here is J. R. Mosley’s story and he's sticking to it:—
Five years ago Mosley, suffer-from asthma, borrowed a Mexican chihuahua from a friend and gave it the run of the house. His asthma disappeared.
But the friend’s asthma turned, so Mosley had to retuffc the dog. Between asthmatic gasps, he ordered a chihuahua from Mexico.
The dog arrived, and Mosley’s asthma departed. But the dog died, and the asthma returned. So he ordered still another chihuahua flown to Memphis.
Pfft — away went the asthma.
Then the new dog ran away. Presto, asthma! The other day the chihuahua returned. Pronto, no asthma!
Premier Winston Churchill is
one of the world’s busiest men
and to such men punctuality ie
# virtue. Concerning this virtue
Mr. Churchill has expressed himself as in agreement with the sentiments of a friend who could never understand the point of view of persons who make a habit of being 10 minutes late for each appointment throughout the day.
Mr. Churchill expressed the belief that in .the case of a late start the only straightforward course is to cut out one or two of the appointments altogether so as to catch up, the theory being that it is better that one notability should be turned away expostulating than that nine deputations should each fume for 10 minutes in a stuffy anteroom.
•BURT WAV»
SCOUTING . . .
CHAU Moatreal L'A Kl. Kirk CKLK Water lee :4#Ok CKCO Ottawa 1310k CKtiM Tlmnlaa 14TSk L K SO
LKPL UraatfvrS l&MSk LKLW Wledfter | CKNI Wlaskaai 1230k IJ. STATION» WUMH Maftal# 1340k WHAM Her Neater 1180k WLW Liecleaatl 700k WUt Svkeaertady MlOk KDKA ritteburgk 1030k W MUM Lkleeee 780k WMKN Mattel# 030k W OR Muff ale MOk WKMW Mattel# ISZOk WJR Detroit 760 k
TORONTO STATION» CFRM NeOk. CBL 740k CKCL RNOk, CRY 1010k UJ. NETWORK»
The latest call tor salvage war
service by the Boy Scouts is a request for the collection of bottle caps by Scout# as far east as Quebec City and Ontario aa far west as Windsor. The caps, known by the trade as "crown corks” are needed both for metal and the cork lining.
WJZ NBC. Him* 770k WABÜ WOK CAN ADI CFOS Owe* Bd. 1400k CROC HerolH CHML Hemlltea CKTM II. Calk. 1230k CFCF
CFCII Nerlk Hajr 1330k CFCO Ckatfe CFPL
CJCS Stratford 1240k CFRC Klagatoa 14>*0k CJW Saul! St a. M. 1400k
OOF Kegluad lft.1
17
(C.B.S.) (M.B.S.) riOk AN STATIONS
os F Haglamd
mg
ITJt
OSV lilag lead
HAH KA4 Sgal* KAN KNM Kueaia UVS0
1130k
1
Meatreal
k
lk
WOKA Sckeaectady
1370k
HUB FBI la. 13.27* WKtL llaataa 13.1ft* WCHX N. lark 11
a
A new Good Turn by the Boy Scouts of Canada for their brother Boy Scouts of Britain is announced in the January issue of the official Dominion Scout publication, The Scout Leader. This is the supplying of Government Approved vegetable seeds, for use in British Scout Victory Gardens.

A PHILANTHROPIST

Answer to Previous Pottle 11 To annoy
VISITÉîmS) 12 To improve
I fTl 15 Roof edge. Mf"1 20 To ransom, cfol 21 To suffice.
Mr 23 Back Sf 24 Too.
* F 25 Holes.
L 27 Bonnet brim. 28 Kind of ch 30 Thrashing.
32 He was an ardent worker
HORIZONTAL
1,6 Scottish-American philanthropist
18	Blood.
14 To hoist
16	Figure.
17	Genus of turtles.
16 Soothes.
19	To capture.
20	Venerated.
A I
R'N*E L A
A
E
AV
One of the outstanding forma of war service rendered by the Boy Scouts of Canada during 1941 wsa the "shore leave” camp maintained hear Halifax, on the "Lone Cloud Scout Reserve” for the benefit of sailors of the convoy fleet, from ships of all types were given several rest days ashore, for which the warmest appreciation expressed by men and offi-In a number of cases ap-
PiEAHMAiN
P

I
Î This Curious World
m-----------------
? ;V t r
SSÜ
HA
By William Ferguson
I MP NAP
I
N
DO
I
TH1SA
E
U
I
>
n IÆ 10UR
Some 1,500 ratings
A
«
I N
mini
E
L
RANG
for
$
or ne
BHBHB
A
22 Gymnastic apparatus.
26 Halted.
29 To ignoré.
21 Alleged force.
12	Adhesive substance.
13	Egyptian deity.
14	Emerald mountain.
36	Notched.
37	Half an em
38	Sour plum.
39	Chinese sedge. 58 He donated
41 Dressed in
war.
33 Withdrawal.
room* to many 35 He established communities ----------t0 help
humanity 40 To instigate.
42	For fear that
43	Bitter herb.
44	Unit of force.
)
was

45 Coal box
ccrs
prcciation took the additional form of a substantial donation from a ship’s canteen fund, voted ’ y :e men themselves.
The sailors were accommodated in eight Adirondack shelters, an officers' hut and a mesa hall complete with galley. Three of the eight shelters were paid for respectively by the Canadian General Council, the Scouts of Montreal and the Halifax Rotary
toward
46 Bend of the head.
48	Wriggling.
49	Rye fungus disease.
52	Desert fruits
53	Instrumental composition.
55 Branched.
57 He was a pioneer maker.
VERTICAL
1	Deputy.
2	Name
3	Jejune
4	Thing
5	Stage whisper 46 Unless
6	Inclosing framework
7	Justifies.
8	To change a gem setting.
% \tw.
\\ * * L\\\ -------



V

X
47 S molding
50	Eye
51	Paving substance.
52	Because. 54 Dye.
56 Mother.
vv
9 Lizard or book 10 Gazelle
ATTEMPT TO MAINTAIN
EXCLUSIVE HUNTING
Unity of Scripture
7. "Jesus said unto him, Again it is written, Thou shalt not make trial of the Lord thy God.” Once again our Lord turns to the armory of the Word of God. Only as we enter into the unity of Scriture, as it balances, completes and explains itself, are we armed against error and delusion, excess or defect.
Contributions
other shelters were made by a number of Scout Groups in different parts of the Dominion, and the balance of the building cost was taken rare of by Halifax Dis-
co* ISM IV NEA at*vies, me
0 II
INSIDE OP FAIRLV

WELL DEFINED
13
16
I
/
BOUNDARY LINES
A LIZARD'S miL
MASSACHUSETTS,

I
trict

The first party to visit the camp were men from in armed merchantman, and these were followed from week to week by detachments from battleships, cruisers, destroyers, submarines, and a hospital ship comprised crewmen from Free French and British corvettes.
The men enjoyed themselves swimming, rowing, sailing, football and softball. Rather oddly, from the layman’s point of view, about the lake in fisher-
21
5
8. "Again, the devil taketh him unto an exceeding high mountain, and showeth him all the kingdoms of the world, and the lory of them: 9. and he said unto im, all these things will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me.” The one thing that Satan wanted was so simple to state yet so vast in its implications, namely that Jesus should fall down and worship him. Whom we worship, we serve. By bowing down we submit to the one before whom we throw ourselves prostrate
i
AT A UO/>A/77
BUT NEAR THE
One mixed party
35
54
35
5
BOUGHT THE
CLAIMS OP HEIRS
7

MA//ME FOR ABOUT
m
'
T
.a
ENGLISH POUNDS.
rowing
men’s dories was a favoured sport Tramping through the woods also popular ; and several of the
sailors “lost their bearings” for
some hours, but were found by search parties, none the worse for the experience.
2
I
WHEN a lizard dashes away from an enemy, he Is quite likely to leave his tail to distract the pursuer’s attention while he makes his escape. By means of specially formed muscles and ligaments, the amputation is bloodless. And, almost immediately, a new tail starts to form.
51
52
54
56
Should Jesus have bowed his knee to this monster of iniquity, then he would have come under Satan’s power.
7
58

XfcXT: What la America's favorite r**dwlrh*
Two Principles
10. "Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hence, Satan: for It is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only •halt thou serve.” This passage reveals the two fundamental principles dominant in our Lord’s life, namely: an intimate knowledge of what the will of God is in any particular crisis of life, and, secondly, a determination to adhere to the will of God, no matter what the cost might be these two principles are dominate in the life of any believer, that life is safe from collapsing the hour of temptation; that will be one constant triumph, ef Increasing strength and abiding joy. >.	WÊ
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—In Action
YOU THINK YDURG SMART, DONT WU
YES!
I DID A CROSS WORD PUZZLE- THIS	z-
WELL, WE- WANT SOMEONE WHO'S _ SMART ON ,
parade! z
THIS
WAS ON PARADE
!
i
I
?
MORNING Xi

i
i
%

i
0
f
/y
When
i
<)
\ to

8


y
&
s.
\

\
§
M
/
1

m
y v v
Tl."
>
X

###PAGE###3###
/
The Royal Bank of Canada 73rd Annual Meeting
HOW CAN 17
Loyal Alumnu» 4th 1941 Champion Steer
BY ANN* ASHLEY
Q. How can I prevent etretching buttonholes In • sweater?
Hg ¦Ironing knitted garments, it is wise first to baste the buttonholes in order to prevent their stretching. The threads easily be removed when the garment has dried
Q. How can I retain the colors In cretonne when laundering?
A. The next time it is neces-to launder the cretonne slip
For the second successive year the Firestone Tire â Rubber Co. purchased the Grand Champion ef the International Live Stock Exposition. Loyal Alumnus 4th was so Judged on Dec. 2nd and two days later purchased by Firestone.
Loyal Alumnus 4th, a cross between a full blooded Angus on his sire’s side and a full blooded Shorthorn on hie dam's side, was calved on June 4th, 1940. He nursed his mother until 10 months eld, after which he was taken off pasture and put in a dry lot where he was fed cracked corn, crimped oats, flaked barley, bran and pea-sized linseed oil meal. Alfalfa or clover hay and a little silage was fed for roughage. This ration was fed twice daily up till three months before the exposition when it was stepped up to three times a day. The steer was not over fed, but was allowed all the food he would clean ap.
W. L. Carlyle, manager of the Duke of Windsor's ranch in Alberta, Canada, picked Loyal Alumnus 4th am best of the class from among steers from 87 states and several Canadian provinces. The steer was fed by Gilman Stewart, 28 year old agricultural graduate of Purdue University.
Coming from a family of champions the prize steer’s father was a full brother to the 1986 International lightweight champion steer. His mother’s father was International junior champion bull in 1985 and hie maternal great grandfather, Raven! Masterpiece, was International grand champion bull in 1934.
euy
A. Before
Morris W. Wilson, President and Managing Director, haus new partnership of Canada and the United States. As Chairman of the British War Supply Council sees Germany outstripped by Britain and North America
in 1942.



BETTER
m
\
Sydney G. Dobson, General Manater, reports assets over $1,000,000,000. Sees record business expansion this
year.

Va

•overs, or any other cretonne articles, try washing them in bran water and see if they do not retain their colors.	j
Q. How can I attach a meat grinder to a white enameled klt-shen table that is slippery?
A. Place a small wad of paper between the grinder and the table, tightening the screws on the paper instead of the table. It will be secure and safe.
Q. How can I make a good sake without eggs?
A. Delicious cake eggs can be made by dissolving a teaspoonful of baking soda in a tablespoonful of best vinegar; use this the same as eggs. This quantity takes the place of one to two eggs; if four eggs are called for, two eggs and the above quantity of soda and vinegar can be used, if desired. Basaient results, however, are obtained with soda and vinegar alone, increasing the quantity a trifle only in accordance with the number of eggs called for..
?

y/>
VALUE

“United States manufacturers
Prediction that Germany's war production would be outstripped sent to Great Britain In the first tm 114 2 by the combined output seven months of *41 nearly
:nr: star
tied Annual Meeting of The | Isles during the whole of 1940. In Bank of Canada by Morris | Canada, starting from scratch, we
'ree,d,ni end j rxrÆt;
¦lies
I	_ .formed miracles in the production
Two years ago," said Mr. Wll- ol urgentiy needed Implements of ¦on, “we were Incapable of out-	¦¦¦¦(¦¦¦¦j*
Ik ting an Infantry division; to-
s	“.t, TtL-1
Canadian equipment la being used
Government regulations, “which at one time would have been considered Intolerable, but which we recognize as necessary In the kind of war which has been forced
U


1


i

!
V0WÙÎL
without
may the universe probably Is ex. plodlng.	•
But Dr. Hubble reported that eâa years’ scrutiny through tbo 100-inch eye does not bear out the explosion theory.
If what the great telescope apparently sees is right, Dr. Hubble id, the nebulae may be endlessly distributed, on and on, virtually to infinity.
What Science Is Doing
the outbreak of war.
war.
GENERAL MANAGER’S
UNIVERSE NOT EXPLODING
The world's largest teleaeepe shows that the universe probably la not exploding but la a quiet, peaceful place and possibly Just about a# infinite In else.
The observatlo	HHH
with the 100-inch telescope et ML Wilson, Calif., and reported le the American Association for the Advancement of Science •ently by Dr. Edwin P. Hubble, the astronomer who for years ham explored the remote parts of the universe.
This telescope sees an about 1,000 light yaare across, « light year being the distance light travels In one year. The earth la at the center of this space, wKh the Milky Way Immediately around the earth.
In this space there appear to be about 100 million other Milky Ways, or nebulae, each a vast family of suns, gasses and presumably comets and other familiar eelestial objects.
These hundred million nebulae show two things:
One, they are on the average uniformly distributed, about two million light-years apart, with near-vacuum between them.
Two, the light of the more distant ones is dimmed In a peculiar way, called the red shift. This dimming could mean that they are receding, rushing away from earth, and if that is true, the farthest away ones now visible are traveling 26,000 miles a second.
This speed of recession led astronomers a few years ago to
In presenting the financial statement, Mr. 8. O. Dobson, Gen-
bsts to the
were made
Wiy lm which Éaâustry and persuaded manu!acte go into production of the e and complicated appsra-
‘Invasion’ of Turkey
Material, superiority—"The superiority of the united nations In munitions and ships must be overwhelming."
An “invasion" of Turkey by German troops “absent without leave" from convalescence centers In Bulgaria was reported by the BBC recently. The an. nouncement said the Nazi srl-diers “preferred desertion to being sent back to the Russian front" and were interned in Turkey.
CONTROLS CURB INFLATION
Referring to the steps already I upon us, your bank ha# continued taken to control Inflation Mr. Wil- to expand. While It naturally be-*0* eaifl, “You cannot divert half comes more and more difficult to a million men Into the armed make reasonable profits, we have, to engage In the most ex | because of enlarged business and
economies effected, been able to show earnings comparable with a year ago."
Assets of the bank now standing at over $1,000,000,000 were at the highest point In history, said Mr. Dobson. Commercial loans had continued to expand and deposits by the public were at a record level—$162,259,936 higher than at the peak ofi the boom era.
“More new deposit accounts have been opened this past year than in any similar period in the history of the bank. We are doing our best to foster this growth not only because It builds up the bank’s clientele, but mainly because saving Is an essential development In our war economy."

“PRETTY SMOOTH, IF YOU ASK ME"
travagant kind of destruction ana mptlon of goods, and expect ees at home to proceed as , or prices to remain as
I
••With the tragic memory of the t&Oaüon of the first World War fe mind, thinking people believe Sal almost any measure would be JwoUfled to prevent a repetition.
"If anyone la Inclined to be crl-Heal, let him think of how dan-¦mously our present position parallels that of the first Orest War. foe Increase in the wholesale prise Index In the first 3 S months Of that war was 10 points; In the feet S| months of this war, the has climbed 11 points. In face of th


MRS. LEROY’S
FEMALE PILLS
'

4

¦

*9»

Fer Dulayed and Painful
Periods
Extra Strength—$4.00
Mail Orders Given Prompt
Attention
Sky’s Drug Store
1B81 DAVENPORT RD. TORONTO

r





¦t
U*


s

¥


0 <


%
%
f

•

:*

___	facta, It would be
üàleult to argue that M effort

mis

1052 ENLISTMENTS



Because of war conditions a greatly Increased burden had been placed upon the bank's staff, said Mr. Dobson, and too much credit could not be given for the commendable way In which both men women had performed their

-A
before It get#. out of
er
on


THROAT
SORE?
""1
“It would ho absurd to expect %at la the midst of this colossal diversion of material and manpower we should expect to live as have lived In peace-time.
“We have reached the point we must eut down unne-y consumption, In order to available for the war effort all the resources possible.
“We must keep constantly begem us the realisation that our war effort consiste, In a material In things and services: that to. food, raw materials and manufactured products on the one hand, and manpower on the
r

?

!


Z


?
and
11


duties.
“Since the outbreak of war," he •aid 1,062 officers. Including 48 from our foreign branches, have been granted leave of absence to serve In the armed forces. In Canada and Newfoundland 40 per cent, of our male employees under 30 years of age enlisted. We have assured all these young men, of whom we are justly proud, and to whose return we are looking forward, that positions w 11 be available to them.
“I regret exceedingly to report that eight of our young men have given their lives In the- country’s service. We extend to their relatives our sincere sympathy."
for common ordinry sore throat
v>
/
1


o*
I »
,.r
Mill

*




Val
A
ODD

J




Her
You GIRLS WHO SUFFER
99
CANADA PLAYS HER PART
As a comrade In arms of Great Britain, Canada, said Mr. Wilson, had been able to make a material trlbutloa to the common cause. *We pay the whole cost of rais-feg, arming and maintaining the Canadian armed forces serving in Canada, Great Britain, Gibraltar, fee Far Beat, the Weet Indies and Newfoundland. We supply Great Britain with food, textiles, lumber and finished apparatus of war, sad we do not demand “cash on the barrel head." Not one dollar sf the $250 millions of gold sent to Canada by Great Britain has been used to pay for. goods of Canadian origin—It has all been pended in the United States, with much more of our own gold, la cover a part of the coat of raw materials and machinery brought to Canada to produce war goods for British account.
Little opportunity existed, said Mr Wilson, for the making of big profits out of the war. “There has been neither opportunity nor disposition for our producers to make big profits out of this war," ha said.
CAN OUTSTRIP GERMANY
Mr. Wilson regarded with great satisfaction the close co-operation which has developed between Canada and the United States in rasant months and particularly since the Japanese declaration of
“Even Germany, with all its vaunted efficiency, and with forced labor, cannot match the production posai bill ties of North America added to those developed with such extraordinary efficiency by Great Britain under the Impact of
And when an old soldier tells a young soldier that he looks smooth you can bet he is. At the left the representative young soldier of Canada's Army is wearing the new 'walkingout uniform which will be issued to all Canadian soldiers early in March. The veteran wears “battle-dress," the uniform which will continue to be worn by all ranks for training and fignting.
The walking out dress consista of a jacket and serge, Beech brown tie, black fine socks and low black shoes. The jacket ia cut along the same lines as those worn by officers, has four pockets and a brass-buckled cloth belt. When wearing the off-parade" uniform soldiers will carry a “swagger stick just like their
fathers did last time.
RHEUMATIC
Aches and Pains
PRICE CONTROL
Referring to what he termed the new experience for business of price and wage controls, Mr. Dobson said, “Some people view with concern the Institution of these controls and It seems to me an appropriate time to point out that such licensing and price fixing are commonplace with banks.
“Our charters are granted to ua by virtue of the Bank Act which comes up for revision at ten-year intervals, at which time the chartered banka are subject to close examination by the Banking Committee of Parliament. All our powers are strictly regulated by law. The maximum rate of Interest we are permitted * to charge is fixed. There la even a celling on the commission we may charge for collecting a bill discounted in one city and payable In another. We are not allowed to charge more than a fixed flat fee for small casual transactions. We are not permitted to own real estate except for our own use; we must not make loans against real estate security. We are subject to inspection by the Inspector General of Banks. We must make detailed and extensive statement» to the Finance Department. Since the outbreak of the war we are required to be licensed by the Foreign Exchange Control Board be-e fore we can buy or sell foreign' exchange and the regulations lay down the commission we may charge on such transactions.
“I do not point to these things In any critical way, but merely to show that what la revolutionary control of other businesses in the Interests of wartime stability, Is part of the every-day experience of banks. Price ceilings are not » novelty with us."
In conclusion Mr. Dobson remarked that indications were that 1941 would see all records brok In business expansion.
If you suffer monthly crampe, back, ache, distress of "Irregularities” nervousness—due to functional monthly disturbances—try Lydia K. Plnkham’s Vegetable Compound Tablets (with added Iron). Made especially for women. They also help build up red blood. Made In Canada
If Just one bottle of Ru Ma does not show you the quick, easy way to get real relief from rheumatic aches and pains. It costs you noth-
“Bon't suffer longer; try today and If you are not with the results, your money will be refunded by any druggist This Is a generous offer to all rheumatic sufferers.

trousers of khaki
Ru-Ma
pleased
1
Auto A Necessity
Not A Luxury
...CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS

sea
The National Automobile Dealers’ Association in the United States is campaigning to prove that the auto is a basic necessity, not a luxury. It cites, among other things, that 12,678,823 person? in 2,320 communities have no mass transit facilities and must depend solely upon motor cars for transportation; that six of every ten city owners of au+os use them to go to and from work; that thousands of persons have purchased homes in outlying districts in the belief that the automobile industry could supply them unfailingly with transportation facilities; that millions of farmers are dependent upon motor cars to conduct their business.
BABY CHICKS
POULTRY
MAN WANTED AS HELPER ON ¦mall farm and in commercial Apiaries. Harold Killlne, R.R. 2, Welland, Ontario.
CHICKS
early — save time, money, overhead buying chicks that will give you early, heavy production. Higher meat prices should make meat cockerels good Investments.
BOOK YOUR
BAVE FOR VICTORY « BREEDS chicks I cents. Descriptive cat-
MONKTON POULTRY MONKTON. Ontario.
fèfSt
WOMEN WANTED
WANTED: WOMEN TO DO HOME
¦•win

Beet pay. Postage paid work. Sent anywhere.
Box 27,
a
PERSONAL

on
Bontex Specialty Co„ Chase, B.C.
LIJAH COMING BEFORE Christ Wonderful book sent free. Meglddo Mission, Rochester. New York.
llton. Ont
FOR QUALITY SERVICE
*
CABS — USED AND NEW
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS Ltd., Toronto's oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers : three locations, 4SI Mt Pleasant Road *040 Yonge fit. and 1460 Dan for th Avenue.
mends. Write for our Free Book-
reed renewed and an-care.
t
SAWMILL WANTED
AND SATISFACTION TRY IMPERIAL
0 or 6 exposure films, developed and printed, or 8 reprints. iSo. Both with free enlargement
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
Station J, Toronto.

WANTED:	SMALL CIRCULAR
Sawmill. Write full particulars and best cash price to A. Baker, Gravenhurst, Ont
Used Cars make us many
Pedlg
used
let on alyxed
MEDICAL

GOOD RESULTS — EVERY 8UF-ferer from Rheumatic Paine or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Mnnro'e Drug Store, 1*6 Blin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
HAIRDRESSING SCHOOL
LEARN “SHORTHAND” AT HOME IN SEVENTY TWO
HOURS
SPEED WRITING THE EASIEST SHORTHAND TO LEARN—WRITE TRANSCRIBE — BECAUSE you use the Alphabet Instead of strange new signs and symbole, requiring months to memorise.
The same SHORTHAND being taught Defence-work classes, which Is becoming so popular and extensively adopted by Stenographers
You cannot believe HOW' EASY, QUICK. VALUABLE. SENSIBLE — AND INDESPKN8IBLE, this recognised SHORTHAND System 1% which will make you a FAST. ACCURATE SHORTHAND WRITER In only 72 hours. BETTER POSITIONS, BETTER PAY MORE INTERESTING WORK, SECURITY.— will be yours — 6 VOLUMES — 60 LESSONS — plus SELF-TEACHING MANUAL for only $10.00. It you act promptly.
Send $10.60 for complete SPEEDWRITING-* SHORTHAND SYSTEM, or send four ORDER and pay postman.

LEARN HAIRDRESSING THE ROB-•rteon method. Information on request regarding claseea. Robertson's Hairdressing Academy, 1ST Avenue Road, Toronto.
t


RHEUMATIC PAINS

THY IT1 EVERY SUFFERER OF Rheumatic Paine or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Munro'e Drug Store, 1*6 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.

New Russian Plane
To Seal Nazi’s Fate
Ontario. Special Department for collection!;__________________________
CAP-
“Canada’s war expenditure In !%ia fiscal year alone Is estimated St two billion, 8*0 million dol-Isn, which Is more than twice as much as our total expenditure In all of the last war. The United Slates has already doubled its entire expenditure during the first
. BARRELS FOR SALE
O

BARRELS. CLEAN WOODEN, $1.00 each, f.o.b. Toronto. 8. Berber & Sons, 4000 Dundee 8t. West, Toronto.
A BBC broadcast, citing the Moscow radio as its authority, reported that the Russian a*my has under construction an antitank plane “which will spell destruction to the German mechanised army and seal its fate.”
The Russians, said the BBC, are also working on a new type ef pursuit plane “said to be capable of a speed of more than 600 miles an hour.”

$


»


WANTED

Great War.
•HIP U8 YOUR GOOSE AND DUCK
8‘c
feathers. Only new
'
1mFCSBS
Booklet of information on re-
cash on receipt for goose and
feathers. We
'«H: he I *
and dry feathers containing no quill feather# wanted. No quantity too large. Leslie Ilona I Inc., importers of Feathers and Downs. Manitoba.
&
for
There are about 80,000 miles of navigable rivers in the United
States, the Department of Commerce says.
We are determined not
quest.
to win tho war, but also to
JOHNMtX ROOK.
42
ISSUE
tain the security of the peace wtlefc will follow."
I


/>
###PAGE###4###
Sr
<

«

Bristol School Commissioners
THE EQUITY
>
January 12th, 1943
Bristol School Commissioners met on
î$haw ville, January L'V 1942	ami Walsh.
Tbe minute» of tbe
read and adopted on motion of U>mr
S»ewart were adopted.	.
\ letter was read from tbe teadur
stand it presents itaell in cur llo b^ter his conduct became worae, and
campaign undertaken by ^ lefu>ed to obey ber and disturbed

Heroic Russia Needs Medical Aid
Wartime Prices and Trade Board
By Order of the
heroic
rent intensive LET._	# III
ssmsagmssr
terrible losses on the Naii fori es. j'1 regarding same.	. t u.
"HEEHBtesHÈ
.lie implements of war, she rt'iuires all )f lhi# svlll 0| at the same salary
ber. | Motion hy Coror. Stewart that Garth
Graham be appointed School l.’ounnij; instead of the late Thomas. I
/
the medical aid which we That explains why the Dominion gov «rament asked the Canadian Bed Crow I •*«¦«[
Society to sponsor a $500,00 campaign , ^otjcn i.y Govur. Stewart that the j for the purpose of providing this mod following bills.be approved and paid	•
“i
Canadians for their Russian allies, I" I R R Benniek ................ _3	M
if-ever the democracies had a faithful, I Hugh Ross . •.............. V*	00
lighting ally, thev have it in Russia W. J. Marks..........	^	l
Only •176,000 has been subscribed >» {j £ F|etcber :::.............. 6	00
the Dominion, a little more ‘ban •*>, Th(lg Telford ------:....... • J®
000 in the province of Quebec and 'W Robt. Russe» ................... *6	u
Irom this latter amount, is deducted the ^ A Pritchard............... 36
amount collected at, ao i through, the | M(iy(.r tSchool Supplies-	»•'	7M
rally held in mid December in Mont Renouf Publishing Company..	2	0b
veal, it will be seen, to express it mildly, | Motion by Comr. Walsh to adjourn, j that we, as Canadians, have not done our share. The present dn-e, there intended to collect as much as
because t ne that
can
Every Person or Firm is Required to Have a Licence
the business of buying for resole or selling any commodity;
1 WSSBrn
,	rsaf
ORDER, YOU SHOULD NOT APPLY AGAIN
or
1* if engaged in
irons
%
* »
H. I. SMITH,
Secretary Treasurer
ft
*
IF
tore, is
iiossible before January 31 appeal must definitely close on
date
Cemetery Donations
Dr. D. J. Campbell, treasurer of the Village Cemetery Improvement hand, acknowledges with thanks the following
donations :—
Previously acknowledged H Hodgins, Calgary
Dr McGuire----;....
Mrs. T A, Hades....
No direct canvassing is permitted for the simple reason that time is too short.
Therefore, every individual is asked to send in a subscription immediately to
should be dene at once, stemming the onslaught of Germany without bothering about a time table The least we can do t her fore is to show •our appreciation in the only practical way possible ... an immediate huIH
^Lwnt"' Col. Win. Leggat. M. C ..resident, Quebec Provincial Division the Canadian Red Cross Society, and Allan Bronfman, the mdelatigublo co .chairmen, have formed a representative and hard-working committee. I bey liave the support of a sponsoring com mittee which represents every class ot the community. But neither the couv mittee nor the sponsors can do the job alone. This is a duty which rests xnuarely on the shoulders of the lndivi
dual	—jj m	-
Canadians ignoring this appea .	------ ^society, .>o. i, tuu a; «mm •
of it . . . here, in Canada, we have not ^ Society Hall, Shawville vet felt the impact of the war to-an ex tent which interferes except in a wr) minor way with our daily life, >>e are not rationed in food. We hue not been bombed. We enjoy security. >Ve •enjoy the comforts of our homes, our
We can go to church in free*
We can express ourselves without any thought of the Gestapo.
What blessings we enjoy! The least we do then, is to make this campaign a magnificent success ... and quickly.
Never let it be said that we turned a deaf ear to an appeal which should arouse such a wave of sympathy that llussia need have no fears -about «ut-medical aid from Canada mimed
sssee mm#
that affect your business.	-
.104 02 . 2 00
Itussii'.ns are
3 00
3 00
of the
Mrs. A. A. Rose, treasurer Austin Cemetery tired* acknowledge* with thanks the following donations
$ 2 00
Harry Palmer.......
Mrs. Julia Sheppard.
Mrs. Henry Olmstead Mrs. Pearl Bowden..
Fied McUagg........
Miss Mary Little...
1 00
WHAT THE LAW REQUIRES YOU TO DO
l 00
To Get Your Licence
1 oo
t 00
I 00
1.	Get on opplicotion form at your nearest post office.
2.	Complete the application and moil it, postage free. There is no licence fee.
3.	You will receive by moil a Licence Identification Cord bearing your licence number.
After March 31, 1942, any official, representative, or investigator of the Wartime Prices and Trade Board may require you to produce your Licence Identification Card if you are subject to this licensing order.
After March 31, 1942, you must notify the Director of Licensing of the Wartime Prices and Trade Board Ottawa, in writing, quoting your licence number. Of any change in the name, address, or character of your business within 10 days of such change.
You must retain your Licence Identification Cord as it will remain in effect, unless suspended or cancelled, as long os the Maximum Prices Regulations continue. If you ore already licensed, o Licence Identification Card, valid for the duration of these Regulations, will be automatically moiled to you before March 31, 1941 You need not apply for a renewoJ and there is
no licence fee.

ANNUAL MEETING OF PONTIAC AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY, NO. 1
,............ .	The annual meeting of the member*
Wt cannot possibly conceive oi ()f lhe c<„mty (lf Pontiac Agricultural
rhink Society, Ny. I, (Div. A) will be held in
inr	:^..t	....
Grounds, on Tresday, January 27th, at j p, in, for the purpose of discussing general business of this meeting and for the election of a Board of Directors for this Society. A large attendance is re-uestei.
JOHN U. McDOVVELL, President H. W. HUDGINS, Sec Treasuier
Shaw ville. <Jue., Jan. 13, 1942

Those Who Do Not Need a Licence

1. formers, gordeners, livestock or poultry producers, and fishermen, unless buying goods far resale.
firm which is itself

i
fileasures
.tom. r-

2.	employees of o person subject to licence.
3.	operators of private boarding houses.
or
can
r ggs Rich In Minerals Fresh eggs are bountiful and one of the best buys on the market because they are good body builders with efficient protein in their yolks and whites. The yolks are especially rich in iron—the mineral that helps to form red blood cells. They
important source of calcium, another mineral that's likely to be low in many diets. Eggs arc also a rich source of phosphorus and are a good source of riboflavin
(vitamin G) ÊÊÊÊtÊtlÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKtl
other vitamins are always present
— vitamins A and D varying in amounts depending on what the hen had to eat. Modern poultry-men see to it that their hens are liberally supplied with vitamins A and D.	•
NOTE: Persons who hove olreody applied for or obtained a Wartime Prices and Trade Board
licence should not apply again.
tiaent
iately.
SJESSHKSSSotSS
authority ,f THE WARTIME TRICES AND TRADE BOARD. On.»., Ccnedo
are an
Wartime Prices and Trade Board Problems Dealt With by Louis Hudon

Quebec, Jautiarj 20-Three questions in connection with price control, problems which are of particular interest to residents of tne rural areas of Quebec, were dealt with ih a statement by Lout* l) Hudon, prices and supply repre tentative of the Wartime Trices and
Trade Board here today.
Mr. Hudon warned that any attempt
firewood prices without consulting the	Every Man a Chef g g~j
Hoard would be strict violation ot the Latest and brightest development price laws. Cases had been reported, m the culinary world is a cook-it-he said, where bus companies had y0Urself restaurant in New York.
rM jsrjrJTE	i*——-
ceiliing. This was not allowed he shinily equipped kitchen where the| ¦ ¦ f stated. Bus operators who felt they customer can whip himself up a Imd justification for raising their fares hamburger supreme or a cheese over the level which prevailed during souffle, without even the bother of ihe basic period, September 15 to join g the dishes after (the restau-October 11. could take their problems to rant provides cleaner-uppers). The
tbe Board, but under no consideration 0nly losers in this general jollity	. ftnpp
could they take matters into their ow n are the girls who come home night MoBRWOS-Ia loving memory of a dear M AN	once
hands and boost their rates,	after night and wearily cook din-	hnaband and father, James Momeon. milch cox	Holstein ApP	T
Milk dealers too had been reported	ner. it must be pretty tough on	who died January 17th,	1937.	to Lknoiu	BfcUtHtR. *
jumping their prices against the law	them when they get an evening out
lie said The specific rulings of the	to have their escorts propose that it
Hoard on this subject were that the re-	would be no end of fun to go over
tail price of milk must remain as it was	dash off a filet muznen
to the basic period. Fermes s selling to
¦«ft
tags wm
,ctd Btuldi"" Montaeal. immediate')'. 3o nls	B
For good measure.
I need seder the
CEMETERY MEMORIALS
AN APPRECIATION
Look Here
The members of the Eimbide XV. I. wish to express our sincere appreciation to The Egi ity fur all publications for 1941, and with best wishes for 1942 to
For Sale, Want*, Found
Lost, etc.
We have received a shipment of granite and marble memorials before prices increased and ns result we can offer these to the public at
the old prices.
Phone, 278
M. R Bailsy.
Secretary
FOR SA LE-A quantity of good, clean Victory Oats ; also some loose hay and straw. Apply to A H HoRHU
Phone 39- 6, Campbell a
Cha riens
IN MEMORIAM
Bay
Car load of
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
1
OfShnvts<'dLSrb't'v^,‘by aV “ " '	j FOR EXCHANGE-A quantity of
The blow was great, the shock severe, j loose mixed hay. Will exchange one We little krew his death was near ; ton for three cords of good hardwood, And only those who loved can tell, or four cords of mixed wood. Apply to The ;*ain of not saying a last farewell. J Alfred Elliott, R, K 8, btwwvuio
Sadly missed by wife and family. I Pbdhe
ESTABLISHED 1883
WANTED-In exchange for slab
-S3SÎ b Bt-gb. iA zt ‘s.fcS*
died Jan.
Deep in oar hearts there’» a picture I WAXTED-Laandresa. good wage» More precious thaa silver and gold A , u, Ma*. M. Johnston. Pontiac
Thft picture of our dear father	Community Hospital, Shawwille.
Whose memory shall never grow old. __5.	--------
At home in the beautifol hills of God FQH gxLE-Fordeon tractor», one
vsswarA —	a. a
With joy we shall meet him there	A , Asi.rKw Flood, Pontiac
Lovingly remembered by daughter»,	6hewvi„e
(loekmci and ixiRRNa
COACH
INVALID
6B0. HYNES & SON
DIRECTORS OFFUNERAl SERVICE
C/Shawvtlle Cue.

Hr
Phone 80

A
###PAGE###5###
up?
!
4T’S PATIIOTIC TO II THIIFTY AID ITS WISE TO BUT NOW
JANUARY SALE FEATURES I
at
&
Fraser’s Great Annual

ru
\
L
l
Red Tag Sale I



I
' •
>/
SK


* NOW ON
We are ushering in our 50th year in business
with this
Stock-taking Specials
M
B
in
Wool Bedthrows, solid colors of blue, green
and rose, 70 x 84 $8.00
Rayon Bedspreads, lovely rayon,
$2.25 to $2 65 ...
Satin Bedspreads, wine and rose,
a real bargain at $4.25
Wool Blankets, white with rainbow borders
size 64 x 84 $5.75
White Flannelette Blankets, No. I quality
11-4 and 12-4, ' $2.49 to $2.69
Flannelette Blankets, No. I quality
11-4. $2.49
Unbleached Sheeting, 76 inches,
quality at, 50 cents per yard •
CREAT STORE-WIDE CLEARANCE
F
80 x 100

pe.bape you hare
l J

dwred May times as you hare lifted â heavy pail of milk shoulder-high to pour it into your Separator tank.
Not the usual clearance of odds and ends, but a genuine <mark-down of everything in the store, with the exception only of
14 Stanfield's " Underwear “ Carhartt " Overalls
and certain other work clothes items
In the face of present-day scarcity . . .
urge you to buy now.
Positively all sales final !
No chargea at Sale prices.

90 x 100

XvJ


, frew you have never aiven f
hasr»ife 1
RZ


why
is

of operation, per-liming, abeolute r



oi sudsoe oil
Qudity high*!,— price the low- it, queHty
and 1000 lbs., per hour.
Grey
we
£34
ie reepor.eibii
special
you lorooeh Renfrew pro*
HAVOCS • HEATERS
INCUBATORS
you — end we
SEPARATORS
Kind him in
this
JTl
m 'haberaashenj n* men
Cent's Furnishing Dept.
•Udtity.
and
and bot/S
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED RENFREW OUT.
ST.JOHNS P.Q.	REGINA SASH.
SUSSEX N.B
Men’s heavy Winter caps 75c to $1.00 Boys’ Winter caps, 65 cents to 98 cent» Men’s heavy work shirts, air force blue, $1.50 Men’s heavy sweaters, many kinds in stock
LEO R. KEON
old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE.
N.P.Horner's
representative
. Quebec •
« & f '	_______
DISTRICT
McKee


Dry Goods Dept

/</
& •

The Hodgins lumber Co.
New English Prints, 19 to 25 cents
A large assortment of Remnants consisting of prints, chintz, flannelettes and cotton tweeds, etc.
Winter hosiery
wartime
WAGE CONTROL


SLAB WOOD
*ySsvzz?Ên^"èï™cw*&.
rpHIS Order of the Dominion Government--I which under the War Measures Act stabihzce tea and requires employers to	* coet.
to administer the Government s policy.
National Employers
Communications from employers and employee
Ottawa :
Specials in women s
50 cents to $1.00
Women’s lisle hose. Special value at 50 cents
an
We are now ready to deliver
SLAB WOOD
Have you placed the following seasonable Grocery items on your
Shopping List?
to
PRIVATE HOMES
Phone 27
THE HOGGINS LUMBER COMPANY
of the province}
(3) the operation of any
Molasses, 5 and 10 pound pails and bulk Crown Brand Corn Syrup, 2’s. d’s and 10’s StewartVhoney, dark and light, glass jars and tubs Del-Monte Prunçs, as low as $2.50 per box Figs and Fancy Eating Apples
Quebec
Shawville,
Z'Z Z-ZZ Z'Z Z Z Z/

of the provinces or province, or serving
Territories.
Regional Employers
of their respective provincial
$
MacLean’s

«ED & WHITE STORE
communications to
Board in care governments.
I The Order provides that noBncrease or
s;
this Order are subject to penalties.
The buyer Saves
The owner Serves
SPECIALS
For service
ftejdrfered Tamworth
l\Ve wish to thank our many frierd^ I fee S 1 00	R1CHABD60N
and neigbonre for kindness and eyiu |	' r i, Shawville
QgKBBown, during the illness and sa 1 itreavemcnt of a kind husband aim
her
CARDS OF THANKS
Service
Regional War Labour Board.
Hursley Black Tea, special, per lb. 75c Cracked Wheat, per pound......
Rice, per pound .............
Tomato Juice, 105-oz tin.....
Heinz Catsup, 14-oz bottle....
Heinz Catsup, 8*oz bottle.
Heinz Soup, assorted 2 for
3 star Salad Dressing, 8 oz.
16 oz.
5c
11c
HUMPHREY MITCHELL Ottawa, Canada, January 12, 1942
Mbs. Tim*. O. Johnston
and Family
Wilson's Garage
The Sam a Reliable Service
Dodge and De SotojJ^ Sales and Service
Ford Service
Shell Sealed Ce» & Oils
J. P. Wilson
Main Street Shawville Quebec Phone 40
43c
23c
Mrs. H. Norman Brownlee and fam ily wish to express their sincere thank» and appreciation for kiudneas and »ynv riatny extended to them during their recent sudden and sad bereavement.
eeeee
15c
••••••••••••»
29c
Tenders Wanted
# # ########
Annual Meeting, Bristol Fermer'.
18c
IN MEMORIAM
eeee
CUk
Tenders will be received by the undersigned up to January list 194Î for good
The general annual	f,f lh* g"'^ 'long. Tender» to |
Bristol . Farmer’» Club will be bed »t sU|(. |irice frr e*ch »ize.	.. 8
Biihlol Comers on Wednesday afternoon Lowest ur Any tender not January 28th. at 130 Vela*. All accepted. members are requested to attend.^ l
m ROLLAND RUSSELL,
President \ " f
30c
¦aras to ssars
pawed away, January 1 », 1937.
Dear Father you are not forgotten, Though on earth you are no more,
Still in memory you are with us, i you always were before.
Time takes away the edge of grief, tfut memory turns back every leaf.
8 idly missed by
Mary and Jack
7> 96 a	. South Porcupine Out
si
IS
s<
3
10c
Iodized Salt 2 lbs. Pearl Soap, 5 bars
28c
J. A. DEAN.
Sec. Treasurer Municipality of VU rendes
January 16th, 16 4i
A a
.
i

%


,



—'15
j
•v
###PAGE###6###
ï <
•
t
' t

%

VOICE
DEFENDERS OF OUR PACIFIC COASTLINE
NDIVIDUALffà
eimL rmylR
O F T H 1
PRESS
i
f
r,v'
ALAN MAURICE
<0 IRAVIN w
A Weekly Column About This and That in The Canadian Army
saving for the future
It Is a great tributs le Be MEty of Eve Canadian people Evat to Be midst of wax Bey •satinue to lake thought tor Be



. George W. Bourke, preel-t of Be Canadian Life Ineur-Officers' Association, stated other day that life insurance B torce at Be end of 1141 reached an ail-time high at 17,600,000,-MO, and Bat new ealee in 1141 10 percent higher than in 1*4*. Four million Canadian policy-Said era are united In this co-op ar-
d out of their savings 1176,000.000 already has been invested in Be Canadian war loans.
Life Insurance Is a vital factor B Bs economic strength of the nation ae It Is In the economics of individual

dictum that "an army marches a# Its stomach* was correct. But Be Army, even though It is highly mechanised, oone the lees still matches on Its feet It marches with precision and this precision Is not Just to plena# a drill lnatrodloe. It Is because you must have absolute control of a unit on the move. You undoubtedly know of several cases whore "flat feet" do not Interfere In the slightest with the workaday activities of locomotive engineers, even postmen and mes In a dozen other vocations. The, reason Is that within the limite-lions of their Jobs they can choose their own time, go from harp to there and largely control the length of time they can take t# do It. Pvt one of those men In the Army where he must be prepared to move with his unit at a moment's notice, to stay with that unit çooie what may and the disability which was not a disability in civilian fife poses another problem lor Be medical officer.
Until I pestered army doctors for the answer to the question, "Why do you need reinforcements when there is no fighting?* I wee inclined to chuckle with glee at the patriotic volunteer who put one over the Medical Board and got into the Army despite a defect that he knew existed. I have changed my tune now that I look at It from the point of view of tbo taxpayer who pays that man hla $1 SO a day,
I have no doubt that nothing tout patriotism underlies the desire to outwit a Medical Board, but when finally the defect so skilfully covered up becomes apparent the mistaken patriot has cost hla fbUow taxpayers hundreds of dollars and is himself unable to fulfil the high duty of fighting for his country.
He Is another of the reasons why the Individual citizen's army needs reinforcements/while there Is
fight fag. • -V*.	\	*
A few paragraphs back I quoted the old phrase for a man w ho r» ports sick when there Is nothing wrong with him—“swinging the lead"
military slang can enlighten us as to the meaning of this one. Oft hand, It looks as though its origin would come from the Senior Service but what the connection between a man In the chains plumbing the depths of the ocean has to do with reporting sick, I don't know — do you?
"Wlhy does our army need re-iutorcement when It has not yet done any fighting ?"
• Now there's a real question question that wee welcomed by the Director General of Medical 8erv-• toes when, In behalf of the questioner and readers of this column, I posed It to him the other day.
The reason, believe it or not, Is traceable to our bad habit In civilIan life of not calling In a doctor until most of the damage Is done.
You see, I am epepking from ez-perience. In civilian life If you have a etolnaoh-aohe you balance your discomfort against the 12.00 or $3.00 a physician’s call would cost If the ache disappears you , forget alt about ltr-K It persists you call In Be doctor much later than you should have.
But in the Army—-that's different! Medical attention Is free and when you "fall in on sick parade" you miss a drill or so. Small wonder, then, that medloal officers have a chance to find out incipient troubles before they have a chance to develop Into possible dangerous Illnesses. Of course, there Is another thing the "M.O." finds out at the same time—he finds out If you are "swinging the lead," In which event
flrom experience—you are apt to get "S No. '• and full duty.”
You may be inclined to question, as I did, the "stomach-aches." The answer to that question is that what seems like an ordinary stomachs may be an ulcer which caught early enough In civilian life is capable of control by special dietary arrangements such, as for instance, a glass of milk and a biscuit between breakfast and lunch, and a cup of tea and some toast between lunch and dinner, with possibly the addition of a slight raid on the refrigerator before turning In.
You couldn't do it In my day and It Is no more possible In the Individual citizen s army of this generation to arrange to call off an attack or the movement of big guns or the transfer of troops from one place to another while you have a glass of milk or biscuit. Hence,. therefore, men whose condition requires such treatment must be found Jobs at the base or, if there le no room there, must return to civilian life where they will be perfectly capable of carrying on.
The stomach Is only one phase Important one if Napoleon's





ts #
•tore pool.




>>*

P<4 *4

—Ottawa Journal
~* ,.'u& —^/'ÈK.STpSs,? .r$ iSfltir	“•
•TYLI IN INDUSTRY may be some male entft-Iss over reports that a costume been designed for women here In war Industry that com-"alhire" with utility. There Shook! not be. That allure will
turc or destruction of 18,000 tanks and 14,500 airplanes, he announced that "Russia ii already broken and will never rise again.”
Nasie Bog Down Then there appeared signs of the change that has assumed such train places the Nazi drive began to bog down. Early in November Dr. tioebbels issued his revealing warning that the German people must resign itself to a "hard and relentless war." But only a few days later Hitler was still boasting that the Soviet hud suffered casualties of at least 8,000,000 to 10,000,000 men, and "from such a blow no army in the world could recover, not even the Russians.”
Russian Counter Offensive Then the Russians reorganized their positions. With the aid of fresh troops from the East and the merciless cold of the Russian winter they began to push the Germans westward as far, in some places, as the lines they occupied last August. The siege of Leningrad was raised, Moscow was longer in danger and the Russian offensive in the Crimea appeared to promise the complete eviction of the Germans from that strategic peninsula.
THE WAR - WEEK
Commentary on Current Events
Position of Russia and Germany After Seven Months of Fighting
Mo woman does her beat when dote not leei Bat she Is look-her beet. The consclousn smartly end attractively at-Wed, even among factory mack-will distinctly add to the ef-of the fair workers.
—Windsor Star.

of
mtndous proportions.
On Jan. 1, 1941, Hitler boasted "Soldiers, the year 1941 will bring consummation of the greatest victory in our history.'»
Jan. 1/ 1942, Hitler hoped "the year 1942 should — pray God that it may the decision which will people.”
In the first half of the twelve month period between these two speeches, the full force of Hitler's Blitzkrieg in England failed to destroy England or to damage the morale of the British people. In the second naif of the year the unparalleled strength of the Nazi armies and air force failed utterly to conquer Russia.
France in a month. He had crushed Yugoslavia in ten days. Greece in ten days, and captured Crete by air in another ten days. With each conquest he had creased his supplies of food and materials for war.
On
in-
and we — bring
this, too, comes
•POINTED" RECEPTION ll Be Dutch Bast Indies tbs In-MHtant# are setting up sharpen-W stakes ai bamboo In all the Bearings In Be Islands so that personute attackers will be if they attempt a laud, The native# don't welcome tore of that kind and they So make sure no person will he so dull that he won’t see the
save our
Advance in Russia
The almost universal
assumption was that Hitler's conquest of Russia would proceed with the usual speed of the Nazi war
chine.
speed was maintained. One week after the invasion had begun the German High Command announced that, in a sweeping advance, the German army had inextricably trapped half a million Russians and had destroyed vast numbers of Russian tanks and planes. • All through the summer and autumn months German successes continued, until in September the Supreme German Command nounved the successful conclusion east of Kiev, of “the greatest battle of annihilation of this and all history.” They claimed that in this battle alone the Russians had lost 665,000 prisoners.
Nazi Claim# •>,'’! -<
Hitler’s armies had advanced along the whole of the 2,000 mile front and were hammering at the gates of Leningrad and Moscow and advancing into the Crimea. Hitler admitted that “we have been mistaken about one thing. Yv e had no idea how gigantic the preparations of this enemy were.” To the sweeping claims of 2,600,000 Russian prisoners, the
ma-
Tor a short time that
1
Peterborough Kxaminer.
Hitler'» Plan
Seven months ago it seemed incredible that Hitler would attack Russia, r
the Allies that the existing omic pact between the two countries would develop into an outright military alliance, spect it would appear that Hitler considered Russia to be potentially hostile. Germany could not launch an all-out attack
•THIS IS LIVING"
A psychologist has estimated Bat the average seventy-year life late of twenty-five years of twenty years of sleep, seven of sport# and walking, five •f shaving and dressing, year#' pleasure, three years ef waiting, two year# eating, one telephoning, thirty hours an-eaally looking In mirrors, and four annually wiping one# nose. —St. Catharines Standard.
no
It was thought by
econ-
an-
\
In retro-
- Generalissimo Hitler
Late in December the significant and sensational ment was made that Hitler had removed k Field-Marshal General von Brauchtisch who led the German armies into Russia, and. that Hitler himself had assumed the personal command of the entire German armed forces. The little corporal of World War 1 was now Generalissimo of World War 2.
Seeking an explanation for this move, neutral observers believed that the German reverses in Rus-sia—which Berlin discounted strategic withdrawal to winter holding position
ous that Hitler had lost faith in his Army Command, and that a serious rift had developed between German Army Leaders and Nazi Party chieftans tion of strategy.
war
perhaps some student *.of
announce-
England with the menace of the Red army in her fore, the Nazi plan was to clean up the Russians, in a few weeks, and then finish off England.
Nazi Time-Table
YXhen the Nazi armies invaded Russia last June, the whole world had the previous Nazi time-tables in mind. Hitler had conquered Poland in three weeks, Holland in four days, Belgium in two weeks,
rear. There-
MORE POWER TO THEM
Sympathetic words, uttered by tor Gosper," Chicago news •Borna 1 et : “The kids who were Skittling model planes only yesterday. to the great confusion of tidy householder, are now fly-Bf real ones for Uncle Sam, and •1 Is forgiven."
—Stratford Beacon-Herald.
Leaders Broadcast Christmas Messages
Churchill Calls
For Total War
as a
cap-
"In this strange, terrible world war, there is a place for one, man and woman, old and young, hale and halt, a thousand forms is open. There is no room now for the dilettante, for the weakling, for the shirker or the sluggard. The mine, the factory, the dockyard, the salt sea wave, the fields to till, the home, the hospital, the chair of the scientist, the pulpit of the preacher — from the highest to the humblest, the tasks are all of equal honor. All have their part to play. The enemies ranged against us have asked for total war. Let us make sure that they get it.”
Greatest and most moving thing in the Christmas broadcasts of His Majesty the King and Prime Minister Churchill and President Roosevelt was not in any art of oratory. It was in the deep, reverent note struck by all three of humility and trust in God.
Said the King:
“If skies before us arc still drrk and threatening, there are stars to guide us on our way. Never did heroism shine more brightly than it does fortitude, sympathy, nor neighborly kindness.
WONT WORK
were so sen-
ti very
Admiral Yamamoto wrote to a irtond that he would dictate peace B the White Hou^e. The plan Is sound. White House steno-
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher
Serv co in

i

pmphers do not understand a word of Japanese.
O

y
%
on a ques-

»Æ
—Welland Tribune.
M
A

Nazi Retreat
We do not know how long the present remarkable German retreat in Russia will continue. It appears to be Hitler’s plan to hold as much Russian terrain as he until the
/
%


V,

MODERN SEESAW
"Japs See-Sawing Down Malay-Coasts." It’s a long teeter-totter, however, that has no humps.
—Windsor Star.


/
v
/ft

>¦
ft




'A
A
can
mk coming of summer; there is very little spring-time in Russia. Then, the German propagandists say, the Nazi* will dertake a great offensive to crush the Russians and reach the oil fields of the Caucasus.
Even though "Germany's military operations have entered extremely serious and indeed a
critical phase," the Nazi war ___
chine is still a mighty force and should not be underestimated. On the other hand, though Russia may have been gravely weakened, she is still very much in the war.
now, nor nor sacrifices, nor
(3	<
/

Russians Get Booty From German Army

un-
b?
//
"And with them the brightest of all stars is our faith in God. These stars we will follow with His help until light shall shine and darkness shall collapse."
Said President Roosevelt:
"Against enemies who preach the principles of hate and practise them we set our faith in human love and in God’s care for us and all men everywhere."
Said Mr. Churchill:
‘‘With God’s help we shall win to security for our children."
Confidently,

4%
#
4

The Soviet Information Bureau, M if to refute Germany’s claim ai an orderly withdrawal to a winter line in Russia, issued an hnpoaing list of material captured between Dec. 26 aftd 31 on the central front.
The list follows:
Sixty tanks, 11 armored cars, SS7 field guns, 91 minethrowers, 461 machine-guns, 309 automatic rifles, 2,211 ordinary rifles, 938 trucks, 249 motorcycles, 1,448 bi-eycles, 30 tractors, seven wireless stations, 226 carts, 40 locomotives, 425 railway cars, one train-lead of clothing, several railway earloads of equipment for signal troops, 14 carloads of provisions, | §4 carloads of aviation bombs, mines and shells, nine carloads of sheepskins, three carloads of personal effects of officers and soldiers, nine carloads of motorcy-eles, one carload of bicycles.
"Captured ammunition dumps, according, to preliminary estimates," said
Bureau, "contained 20,360 shells and 1,190 cases of shells and 12,-•10 mines. 6,193,000 cartridges."
Fortune In Toys
For Medical Man
°°o
an

! v
Alfred Gilbert, who graduated with the degree of M.D. from Yale in 1909, made a fortune— but not out of pills, potions and medical advice, relates The Toronto Telegram.
Crossing a railroad bridge In New York State one day he warn inspired with the idea of making structural toys for children, and borrowed $12,000 to get the business started. His factory, which-builds a modernized form of the old-time building blocks.
Ploys nearly 1,000 men.
t
ma-

•ZX/a
zx
El
«
5A%\f5
%




SB


z
XT
f
•4


. ' =/ $Z
4
Chinese Give Aid

we can contrast these words with the torrents of hate and pompous pride that come from the lips of cmies. An English writer spoke of “the solemn beauty of the Christian dream which gives strength to our patient power." It is that dream, pitted against paganism and barbarism, that is our stay today.
>
The Australian radio said that a Chinese labor corps has been formed in Singapore, attached to the Australian Imperial Force, to release all troops for front line duties.
The broadcast said the Chinese were working three eight-hour shifts.
our énoncé

%
now em-me n and wo-
Ruth lets me listen to all the Joe Louie fights. . . . They’re so short
she doesn’t mind them."

A light-weight
about four tons of
tank carries armour plate.
A
REG LAR FELLERS—The Perfect Host
By GENE BYRNES
*

the Information
r-

THAT LIFEGUARD WHO SAVED YOU AT THE BEACH LAST SUMMER IS CALLING
THIS IS A HECK OF A PLACE TO ENTERTAIN A
m LIFEGUARD r
StÂr, MR^SEAFcIam ?
f
LTTSjtt
/ rt
TO HIM/
*
• - -

r

*.»
Why They Run
»
k

On every front where they have Seen engaged in this war, the Italians have not merely been thrashed, but thrashed by greatly Inferior numbers. The armies of Fascism run away, not because the Italians are not a brave race# hut because their heart is not in a gratuitous conflict foisted en by a lunatic leadership.

CTB
s
i
¦ <
r
s
I
m
<5

/
ÏA

z
i

<?,
/
s?
•V
/
/
••


0

3 IS
tht
/•X


u. a
AS

i
’
###PAGE###7###
1
A
Soviet’» Production Astonishes World
FINE COLOURED-PICTURES-
Bases In Alaska For Raiding Japan
F/ZEE
RANI

if FI
I Th» bombing of Tokio by planes shuttling between certaia points in Alaska and Russia was pictured as a possibility by g young scientist who has spent a dozen years studying by aerial ploration the topography of the northern territory.
Bradford Washburn, head of the New England Museum of Natural History, said in an interview that he thought it was possible for bombers to blast Tokio by swerving from the direct course between the nearest land points en route from Alaska to Russia.
The route he visioned would be approximately 1,000 miles short-than flights from Hawaii to Tokio and weather conditions would not bs insurmountable, hs asserted.
He said that the bombing of Japanese cities by Alaskan-based planes would be even more practical than ferrying bombers to England or shipping them across the Pacific to Russia for the ultimate purpose of blasting Japan.
v y
War production in Russia has astonished the world shocked the Germans. What has been the secret? How has Russia, so backward in technical equipment and industrial training, overtaken competitors? By what is known as “Stakhanoviem.” Stakhanov was a miner. He rediscovered that if labor is divided and workers are allowed to earn all they can for unlimited work and efficiency, the wheels move rapidly. He became a craze in Russia. Hia “payment by résulta” plan was grafted on to the Russian economy. The wheels fairly buzzed.
We should pay attention. We should realize that here is a new-old system which we can and must adopt and adapt The Russian Army and Air Force made the first experiments with parachute troops. We laughed at them. The Russians began the modernisation of their industry. They re-equipped their factories and made a “five-year plan”. We laughed at them. This five-year
plan was followed by others. We laughed again. We “laughed and laughed and laughed.” We know better now. We do not laugh at Russia any longer. We should •tud> this system of efficiency. We should learn how to use it And we should do it now.
bBtStHSKR
puait m
in 3 ways

and
e # e

i
I YOU FAT IW —Calumet Is priced 1 tmprhkglf U*t probably lew than
Oa eltreeflre 8" a
¦I». *#fk wlia «
tht baking powder you are now
tfmrrtplioa •# the War

2 YOU UM III! — Calumet's doubt* dftioo means double leavening — ,	during mixing and in the oven—perI <7	milting you to use lew.
The Syrup with the Delicious Flavour
S8S5SEi23E:
Vu. each picture desired, send a complete "CROWN URAND label, with your name and iddreaa and the name of the picture you want written on the back. Addreee Dept. J.18, The
h Company Ltd, 49 Wellington


3 MTTl* RESULTS — Calumet’s eomth* uou$ lêâvtntng means finer, better textured results for all your baking.
I
Canad. 5 m E„ Toronto.
0
%

CROWN BRAND
SYRUP
U3S&
LI2


L
CALUMET

I ^
awe
DOUBI»
THF
ACTING
BAKING-POWDER


“Both you and Midwest will profit, byt I know you’re getting the beat of a good deal.”
Hank toyed with hia salad fork for several seconds. “Dugan,” he said finally, “I’m going to take your advice.”
Barbara looked up.
Lessons In Love
by
JERRY BRONDFIELD
54 Norwegians
Reach Toronto
TABLE TALKS
He pointed out that it would not be necessary for planes surviving attacks on Tokio from Alaskan land bases to return. They could keep right on going to Russia and confine future operations from bases in that territory. he contended.
SYNOPSIS
Dugaa confides to Honk that ho believes Barbara Is spoiled. Dugan Is unable to access pany Hank to the party, but bo arrives later la full tribal regalia. Barbara’s guests are fresea with amassment, bnt Dugan I# polite and pretends not to notice. On tin way heme, Barbara says the incideat will cause talk far months. Dugan emplains that she wanted n show so be provided one.
“Untie
Hank, have you been down there lately? You haven’t, have you ?” she said, answering her own question.
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
The youngest lot of Norwegians yet to arrive in Toronto landed there recently, their bags on their backs, some carrying skis, and others helping wounded members of the #arty.
Of the 54 Norwegians who ar-lied two were stretcher cases. The supposition is that they lads .who trained here and them went to England where they were wounded in air battles over Germany. The boys were careful of what they said, but one of them remarked that one of the patients had been wounded while escaping from Norway.
The lads, majority of them all blond and handsome, were from 16 to 25 years of age and had escaped by the usual hazardous route, across the North Sea in fishing boats. Some had bees picked up by British raiding parties to Lofoten. They say that the fame of Toronto’s Little Norway is widespread in Nazi-controlled Norway, and that the chief aim is to get out he<e to train for the final fight.
To continue our few remarks on the National Campaign for Health, we have leerneu many more things recently. Our statistics show our laboring man are the best fed on an average and sad, but true, that our children and housewives are the
“No, not in two or three years.”
“Why don’t you take a trip down to Oklahoma and sort of see how things are for yourself?”
Dugan raised a quizzical eyebrow.
“Eh, what for?” Hank asked. “Dugan knows more about it than any man in the world. That’s why I had him come here.”
“Granted, but even an expert can overlook something. There* might be more value in that land than he mentions.”
“Are you implying something?” Dugan asked mildly.
“Of course not,” she returned sharply. “Just a precaution. After all, where there’s so much money concerned, I should think . . ”
“Let me do the thinking, please, Barbara,” her uncle said quietly.
Barbara shrugged and found Dugan staring at her. There was accusation in that stare and she knew it.
She felt guilty. She really hadn’t Intended to put a hidden meaning in her suggestion, yet she knew it must have sounded that
CHOCOLATE ALL-BRAN BARS

Zv
lowest nourished on in average. Many reasons are given for tùe findings, that euoh a large p contage of our population are net receiving the proper nourishment Small Income is only partly a reason, for many suffering from nutritional disorders are found In our wealthy homes. Another reason is large families, overcrowded homes, and a poor choice of foods with budget money for that purpose.





W
ms#
CHAPTER IV
A Hint Fro* Barbara
There was a picture in the morning papers of Barbara Chase dancing with Chief Leaping Water at the Starlight Terrace. And one of the gossip columnists went so far as to imply Chief Leaping Water was a fabulously rich ofl man in whom Barbara was reported more than mildly interested.
Barbara’s eyes blazed. She threw the paper to the floor just as Dugan came down to break-
fa*t.




»• *



Please remember to use one leafy vegetable as well as two others each day. This Is a splendid time for thoeo home-grown tomatoes, so carefully canned, and tomato juice. If using the latter as a substitute for orange Juioe It will Uke about three times the amount each day to supply the same amount of vitamins.
Here Is an appetizing recipe for the cheaper cuts of meat.






Kb

\
¦

”You no doubt will be interested in this/’ Barbara said icily. She pointed to the floor.
“At your bidding,” he said, be nding over.
”It doesn't do you justice,” he observed. Then he frowned as he read the item in the gossip column.
“1 am honored by the implication,” he said gravely, “that you are romantically interested in me. In any way, in fact. Also, I am NOT a rich Indian, but f. rather poor Indian . . . with something of a future, however I”
She had to laugh. He looked serious. “In oil, no doubt,” she said meaningly, and Dugan laughed too.
Uncle Hank bustled in. “What’s this they have in the papers? Let me see, let me see. Say, isn’t that something,” he exclaimed, tapping the paper.
Dugan, laughing, dag into his grapefruit. “Depends on the viewpoint. Miss Barbara here,” he added in his soft drawl, “isn’t on our side.”
*


-
K





In the party were a number of young airmen who were in the first squadron sent over from Little Norway.

MACARONI SWISS STEAK
ft lb. short cut macaroni lft lbs. round steak 2 tablespoons flour 1 can tomato soup Salt and pepper.
Buy a good piece of round stesk about lft Inches thick. Pound Into It flour, salt and pepper on both sides. Brown meat in ckillet, add canned tomato soup and allow to simmer slowly over moderate lire until savoy and tender.
Remove meat and cut Into desired portions. Cook macaroni In boiling salted water until tender.
Drain. Sauté it in thick gravy. Pour on large platter and garnish with steak.
Now a word about gravy. Potatoes and gravy or biscuits and gravy; how appealing that sounds when “wintry blasts do blow!”
Las it occurred to you, that gravy as well as being the essence of the meats maybe the essence of ecoa omy too?
Velvety smooth, reeking of the meats savory juices, seasoned to the King’s taste, gravy makes It
possible to serve the inexpensive cuts of meat, use of which will cut dollars from the weekly meat Dill of a large family. The big secret Is to water the meat during roasting and be sure juices and fat, that collect are not the least bit burned, but just richly browned.
When meat Is tender, remove from the pan and pour off all but three tablespoons of fat. Be careful not to disturb the rich brown sediment which contains the flavor and savor and color for gravy. Place pan oxer direct heat; stir in
3 tablespoons flour, stirring constantly until very smooth and a rich brown color. Then add 2 cups of cold water, stirring constantly.
If hot water is added the mixture will form lumps and the gravy will have to be strained. Season with 'one-half teaspoon salt and one-quarter teaspoon pepper; cook and stir for five minutes.
These proportions make a medium gravy, which will complete
mashed potatoes or for those old-fashioned or • very young persons, give a treat of bread and gravy which Is “tope for them.
Let your party refreshments be simple — but inspired! Here’s a pair that’s both: crisp, crunchy chocolate bran bars, half candy, Half oake, and a pot of piping hot, fragrant-smelling coffee. Happily, it’s a party formula that feeds six as well as sixty and fits nything from a benefit bridge to a family reunion. Make enough coffee for seconds all around and follow this recipe for the chocolate bran bars:
way.
“You’re a clever girl, aren’t you?” Dugan purred later when they were alone. “Giving your uncle ideas, like that. I’ll have to be careful from now on what I say,” he concluded ambiguously.
SLENDERIZING GO-EVERYWHERE DRESS
an
Chocolate All-Bran Bars
3 squares unsweetened chocolate (8 oz.) ft cup butter 2 eggs
cup sugar
Melt chocolate* and butter over hot water. Beat eggs well, add sugar and continue beating until light and fluffy. Add chocolate mixture. Stir in flour, All-Bran,, nut meats and flavoring. Pour into greased baking pan, making layer about one-third inch thick. Bake in moderate oven (376°F.) 25 to 30 minutes.
Yield: Approximately 16 bars (square or oblong pan).
Variation: ft cup cocoa may be substituted for chocolate. Omit chocolate and sift cocoa with flour. Melt shortening and add to and sugar mixture. If other shortening is used, add ft teaspoon
ft cup flour ft cup All-Bran ft cup chopped nut meats 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
m
$
#
There was a knock on Barbara’s door as she prepared for bed. “Come in,” she said, slipping into a robe.
“Oh, Uncle Hank . . . what’s
up?”
Hank Chase plopped into a chair and folded his arms.
She laughed. “You’re even sitting like an Indian.”
“It’s about that Indian I want to talk to you.”
She raised an interested eyebrow. “I’m listening.”
“What 1 should do,” he began significantly, “is turn you over my knee and give you what you should have gotten more often as a youngster.
“Barbs.” He shot at her, “you weren’t questioning Dugan’s honesty tonight, were you?” It sounded as though you had him angling for a nice cut from Midwest for advising mo to sell.”
She started to speak, but he stopped her with a gesture.
“Maybe I ought to tell you a little bit about this man Dugan Blake. In the first place, he’s one of the smartest, most capable men* I’ve ever had in any of my organizations, and that’s saying a lot I’d trust him as quick as, I would have trusted my own brother—your father.”
He leaned forward. “Just last year he showed the company how it could save $15,000 in drilling charges. The year befor* it was his instant thinking which saved four men from death and prevented a wildcat fire from spread-
egg
salt.

*

mm
New Year Greeting For Mr. Churchill
U. S. Using Blimps For Patrolling Coast
m
The navy has put a fleet of blimps armed with depth bombs, machine guns and cannon at work guarding the coast lines of the United States from subar-ines and prowling raiders.
On the Atlantic coast the first squadron of six blimps has already taken the air, the navy said today. They are the first of scores to be used.
The navy apparently is convinced that patrolling airships are among the most effective weapons against submarine attacks on shipping in coastal waters. Capt. C. E. Rosendahl, ible commander
The corners of Barbara’s mouth crinkled upwards. “Don’t get me wrong. That was really funny, but I just wasn’t prepared for It.” She pointed to the paper. “And
you see what the repercussions are.”
British public opinion handed a special New Year greeting to Prime Minister Winston Churchill in the form of a British Gallup Poll.
An
m

“In general do you approve or disapprove of Winston Churchill as prime minister?” the Poll asked men and women in all parts of the United Kingdom... The study was part of a continuous index of the popular support for British prime ministers since 1936.
Eighty-eight percent of those interviewed said they "approved of Mr. Churchill as premier. His critics numbered only eight percent and four percent were undecided.
Before the Empire sweep into Libya a few weeks ago, a similar poll showed Mr. Churchill with 84 percent approving him.
I
That night at the dinner table Dugan and Hank talked business for the first time in Barbara's presence.
“You’ve studied the thing for two days, now Dugan,” Hank said. “Do we sell those 6000 acres to Midwest or not? Frankly, I’m stumped.”
DugLn hunched forward in his chair. “I think you ought to sell, Mr. Chase,” he said eagerly. ^Tm positive that land doesn’t bear deposits valuable enough to rant working it for the high-grade •tuff, but Midwest ran make use of it for their line of by-products.
veteran dirig-and proponent ot lighter-than-aircraft, calls the blimp the “dread of submarine captains” and credits it with important part in halting the first Great War submarine “scourge.”
Carrying a crew of eight, the patrol airship can hover, drift or, under power, travel moie than twice as fast as a submarine. It has been demonstrated that it is possible to spot even deeply submerged submarines from a blimp under favorable conditions. If tliti blimp’s own depth bombs don’t finish it off, the spot be marked and destroyers moned.


an
2803
war-
S1ZES 16-50
For The Larger Woman
By Louise Lennox
If you take a larger size, you’re sure to look your best in this new go-everywhere frock. The V neck, soft bodice, raised waistline and slim skirt all conspire te subtract apparent pounds fro* your figure and to give you fine proportions and a long, lean silhouette.
simple background for your costume jewelry, too. Make it up in a brightly colored crepe or a soft pastel wool for a new look and a chic contrast to your coat.
Style No. 2803 is designed for sizes 16, 36, 38, 40, 42, 44, 46, 48 and 60. Size 36 requires 2ft yards of 64-inch fabric.
Send twenty cents (20c), (coin is preferred) for pattern to Room 421, 78 Adelaide West, Toronto. Write plainly your name, address and style numbe sure to state size you wish.
•à
3Ü

HOW TO RELIEVE

PILE TORTURE
<3
irg.
“Seven years ago he was one of the greatest halfbacks ever I turned out at the University of Oklahoma.	g
l\
QUICKLY AND EASILY

it you are troubled with Itching piles or rectal soreness, do not de* lay treatment and run the risk ot letting this condition become chrvn-•	Itching or soreness or
painful passage of stool Is nature's warn Inn1 and proper treatment! should be secured at once.
For this purpose get a package or Hem-itoid from any druggist 558 «se as directed. This formula which is used Internally Is a «mall, ¦W to take tablet, will quickly relieve the Itching and soreness and aid in healing the sore lender spots Item-Koid Is pleasant to use, is ¦WF. recommended and It seems the height of folly for ahy one to Hflt * painful and chronic pile condition when such a fine remedy may be had at such a small cost if you try Mem-Iioid and are not entirely pleased with the result», your druggist will gladly return your money.
can
sum-
“And if all that isn’t enough recommendation for him, I might add that it wouldn’t surprize me some day if he were to become president of the Chase Oil Company when I’m gone and forgotten.”

It makes a smartly
DISLIKE WASHING DIRTY
HANDKERCHIEFS ?
letters Irons hue
led reader». She
ea topic» l or her eel «ma,
I»
*1.1'1> LIS TISSUES
Here’» freedom from your most unpleasant task. . .
ioc
. owl paid Tissue# are so cheap you
simply destroy them— r and all! Order TRIAL OFFER NOW.
•pedal year letter» ta “M
aw* are la order Add
Hank Chase stood up, jammed his hands in his pockets and snorted.
“And yqu had an idea he was going to pull a fast one on me. That’s a laugh*!” v (Continued Next Week)
ber% T3 West Adelaide SI reel, Te.
reate " Seed el united, eelf-add
«I
eataasrst
r»« elope II raw wleh a reply.
t
r tor* late e lap
• e e

New Zealand has called up all single men of military age not already in the army for service in the expeditionary force. New Zealand married Imen without children and between the ages of
1 also will be mobilized.
à
lailSO.VS TISSUES,
• e #
ty. Jan*
Asknar
f" MtntUiamm
Kudosed find 10c for generous I trial offer of 150 tissues In dis- ' penser box.
Name .. .r .
Add reus
At
ISSUE 4—'42
MENTHOLATUM
War has killed the ono-flour-iehing sponge fishing industry In the Mediterranean
Be
I
Gives COMFORT Daily
A e
ti
r
###PAGE###8###
MARRIED
Service Announcement
Suiday, February lit
a
t
Hodgins Garage
Kkakns-VaidWki.i,
Ou S until,tv, J-mn.'u v Jlth, at
Church,
i
i
:
5 30 u. in , at St. Joseph s hy liev. Fr h Raymond. Audrey Claire, daughter of Mr. atul Mrs Ja«. II. Caldwell, S haw vil le, ({tie , to U olden Thomas, fécond «on of Mr. ami Mrs. Thomas J, Kearns, of Quyoti, ({tic.
The bride woie a l‘avilie blue die-s with black model tclt liât and black accessories.
Witnesses were Miss Florence Kearns anil Mr. (ierald Kearns, ul Qnyon
wool dress black velvet hat and
black accessories
and Mrs. Kearns left on a wedding trip through Ontario, the hi ide travelling in a seal coat over her wedding. They will take up] residence in Nora mi a, ({tie.
Out of town guests were Mr. and Mrs. Walter Mc Ha ne and little daughter, Call, ut Qnyon.
SUAWVIIX3 Uxitkd Church Rev A. F. Foxes H. A., 1U>. l\\*tor 11.00 n. m. Service at Shawville
Service at Zion,
- Service at Stark a Corner The Holy Spirit
Service at Shaw ville * of the home ’

i
)
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
How lient Control Affevts Yon
I
1 30 i». m
t 00 m
7.30 p. H
Miss Iveurns wore i rose
K
ms m landlord
as a tonant
Mi
BrînToL Uxitkd CllVRVH L\y Minister -Mr. Leslie Dean 10.3v) a. m.—Service at St. Andrews
11.30	a. in. — Sunday School
2.30	p. in
7.20 p. m. — Service a. Austin
FARMERS !
AS* P*rt of the general plan to halt further increases in the Cost of Living, the Government on December 1, 1941, extended the policy of the Price Ceiling to rentals for oil commercial and housing accommodation in Canada. Generally speaking the new rental laws provide that:
ORDER EARLY
Service at Knox
Elmside Women s Institute
The Elmside Women’s Institute met at the home of Mrs. Bert Wilson on Thursday. Jail. 15th. The piesident, Mrs. Murray, conducted the meeting assisted by Mrs. F. Thomas,
A program committee was ap pointed by the president, who gave a report of the board meet* mg that was held in Montreal.
An offer was lead from Miss Scott it it could be arranged to have a four-day demonstration on sewing, cooking, etc.
Wilson was convener for the program which was on the life of the late l)r. Banting.
The conveners of Canadian Industries and Agricultural were heaid from we red by some national event in 1941. Meeting closed in the usual way.
Tea was served by the hostess.
(1 ) No oral or written lease for any commercial or housing accommodation (furnished or unfurnished) may legally be made after October II, 1941, at a rental higher than the rental lawfully payable under the lease in effect thst date unless an application for increased rental has been made to and approved by a local Rentals Committee of the Wartime Prices and Trade Board. Such an application must be based on specified circumstances arising since October II. 1941.
Present indications are that we will experience considerably during 1942 in supplying Farm equipment.
In this connection we would strongly suggest that you order any machines that you may require well in advance of the time you will want to use them.
In other words we do not expect to obtain delivery on a few days notice this year.
ANGLICAN
Rev. K. V\ Bolton, BA., LTn
St. Paul’s
Sunday School—10.00 a. in.
11.00 a. m%—Holy Communion Evening Prayer—7.30 p. m.
Holy Trinity Evening Prayer—3.00 p. in.
NOTE: l.mnd mnJ p remues useV aoUly fmr fmrm putp—*a
(2) A tenant is entitled to a renewal of his lease unless the landlord requires the premises for certain named in the Board's Rental Orders and has given the tenant a written notice to vacate within the time and in the manner prescribed therein. If this notice to vacate is contested by the tenant, the landlord must secure a Court Order for possession.
Mis
North Clarendon Parish Rev. I\ It Stote. in charge Charteris—
H"ly Communion —1030 a. m,
< ireermount—
Evening Prayer—2.30 Lvlysmith —
Evening Prayer—7.00
Roll vail wns ans
J. L. HOntilNS
(3)	of all Rental Orders and Regulations of
Board and application forms for rental variations are available from any of the regional or sub-offices of the Wartime Prices and Trade Board, and, in areas where such offices are not yet established, from the local Rentals Committee.
the
Phone 64-J.
B
Annual Meeting of Campbell’s Bay Red Cross Society
The annual meeting of the Campbell s Bay Branch of the Bed Cross was held In the Court House on Monday evening with a fair attendance.
Rev. Donald Andrews, president, was in chair. Rev. T. l\ Shaver was secretary and the treasurer's report on finances was given by (i. A. Mowat, showed that 8328.17 had been sent to headquat ters in Montreal
Service at the home bf Mr. and Wm. Henderson, North ( >nslow on F’b
Mr
h at 7.30
VIOLATIONS of these orders ere punisheble by lew end should be reported In writing to the Prices end Supply Representedve Regionel Office, Wartime Prices end Trede Boerd, et the nearest of eny of the following cities: Vancouver, Edmonton, Regime, Winnipeg, North Bey, London, Toronto, Brochville, Montreal, Quebec, Seint John, Halifax or Charlottetown.fT
P *
Enter*u. Memorial Cm mu
byterian
Rev. Wallace MacKinnon, B. A. Divine Worship at 2 p. ui.
1
Twenty dollars had been received from Bryson for Russian Medical Aid and many donations are being received in Campbell's Bay for Russian Medical Aid.
The supply secretary, Mrs. A<a	nions will be received up to
M. Smith teported that a total of Tub.7th, 1942.	10 teachers holding an
110S sewn articles, 928 knitted intermediate or elementary diploma, articles, 55 quilts, 1U crib quilt*, 1 I’lease -tite experience and salary ex-afglmns, 23 woollen blanket*. 2 ported flannelette blanket*, 2 baby bhtn-1 ket*, 1 comforter and 19b donated articles of clothing had been sent! to headquarters during the year.
The unit' that sent in goods and number of articles were :
Bryson— 143 knitted, 141 afghans, 9 guilts, 1 pr flannelette blankets donated, 7 articles of clothing.
Litchfield—l.VS knitted articles. 222 sewn article*, s crib quilts, 13 quilts, donated, 72 articles of clothing.
Morehead— 133 knitted articles, 71 sewn articles, 5 quilts, 2 woollen blankets, donated G articles of clothing Campbell’s Bay—488 knitted at tides,
662 sewn articles, 25 quilts, 1 comforter,
2 baby blankets, 2 crib quilts, 2 afghans,
21 woollen blankets, donated, 100 articles of clothing.
Calumet Island—2 knitted articles,
Vinton—5 knitted, 12 sewn articles.
Dunraven contributed through Campbell’s Bay unit—2 knitted, 15 sewn articles, 2 quilts, donated 1 parka.
The slate of officers for MM2 are ;
Hon. president, Mr. E. C. Lawn,
president, Rev. Donald
8. J. McNal^RenÜud', Canine Wired for Sound;
T.rSpR Shaver ;6 tressureG**A, 7 ReCe'ving Scl Back Mowat; supply secretary, Sirs. Asa ^oe- 811 A'satian pol.ee dog atM. Smith; m the supply room. Mrs îached to the Bourke Street police Allan Carey, Mrs. A. Chevier .* barracks, in Sydney, Australia, sewing committee, Mrs. E. C probably is the only dog in the world Lawn, Mrs H. E Loken, Mrs, Geo *'ho plays the role of four-footed ra-Wilson ; knitting committee, Mrs* bo car. This highly-trained animal T, P. Shaver, Mrs. John B. Baugh.] s equipped with a light-weight re-
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ yeiving set. which is strapped to her | Turn Paper-Mill Waste
back
Cyril DeMara
Owen Loblcy
Teachers Wanted
Administrator o/ Housing Reniai»
Speaking About Hogs !
Administrator of Commercial Reniais
Indued under the authority of
THE WARTIME PRICES AND TRADE BOARD. Ottawa. Canada
Sure you know that One Ton of Grain produces only two hogs.
But did you know that One Ton of Grain, plus 150 pounds of SHÜR-
GAIN 40 per cent. Hog Concentrate produces three hogs.
SHUR GAIN Hog Concentrate sells for only S3.26 per 100 pounds at
H. I SMITH,
Maryland, Que.


RUSSIA
RUSSIA
DALE’S TINSHOP

xv n
is
is
FIGHTING
BLEEDING
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS

w,
CONTRIBUTIONS
A CREAT BAKER - — Awn a r.pawn NEATER.
'UvruUau
SEND
Ï
COAL SWOON NANCE
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO. BELT’D
SEND SUBSCRIPTIONS IMMEDIATELY TO
"X*.
CA RADIAI IEI CROSS IVSSIAI APPEAL
710 SUN UPS SUUDINS. MONTREAL
Its wonderful working qualities and attractive appearance have made the Findlay Oval a favourite in thousands of Canadian homes. Available in three sizes. Large oven. Large, fast-heating reservoir. Sec it today |
G
a
M. L. A ; Andrews
Raw Purs Wanted
iflHI
No Mirror Improvements
I wish to announce to the public that
In More Than Century },am ‘n, }^c market foi all kinds of
Seasonable Kaw Fur and assure highest market prices.
When famed German Chemist Baron Justus von Liebig made the first modem mirror 105 years ago, he poured his new silvering solution from a laboratory beaker on a pane | Pboqe 43
t„.	n ï .	|	m----	| glass, gave humanity the best
Al a recent police ihow in Sydney. I	*nt° V*,u*b,e Mradjcts I Moltleos-In loving memory of a I lo.ok ^ itself it had ever -had
fake Bests Government |	pu^on"an'artattracted | »*geet 1 (lf heav> chemxels ^hodM suddenly, Januarymanufacturers used, little change^
attention. The consta- I ov* !t 18	chemicals oi His faint last wish I should liked to l<2 tu™ out some $50,000,000 worth
bie concealed himself behind a ts own; u -en paper-nulling states have heard	?f mirrors for thousands of uses
f-ï«ïfss sï - ». ^,....rarrf ht*%
It seems that the census mar fituged The radio set on her back ' de a" add‘'final source °f	L . .	...	.. . workmen with porcelain pitchers
esked him how much money he made	a ss tuned in to the wave-length of	‘[u‘ !. th/n W P« cfn‘ °f today s	Lovmgly remembered by granddaughter,	tediously hand-poured the liquid on
per year. To this the citizen, aftei	the broadcasting outfit and she took	,riI*!i* ? .* “w ‘ ‘r‘s * ‘"c crcani and	Pearl Baker,	Jaî, ^ ates of glass’ had to wait a
mm Msa «
It would t>* possible, o* course, to	The research laboratories of the	I	Brood !'v»m is not a particular	More he left his. one-story CVon al
recall dogs on a manhunt to head	paper industry now hope to recover I weave or quality, but	means any	Moratory on Philadeln ,ia’s	Ma r
quarters and to direct the r move-	from the processing of wood mode seamless rug made on a	broad loom	jne hj8 process was In*use in	three
mentSr to a certain extent, so long	into paper, the whole range of valu- I * inches oi more wide.	I	,lg mirror plants and he has
broadcasting officers could	able chemical produces that arc j Fmz* is a ru^ modi	with espe	[	if some day putting a fu'
cd currently obtained from coal, the I isH;- îw:s*t d yarn? which gives the I .mrror on every bedroom d wood of prehistoric ages.	;| op surface a pebbly or nubby el-
NORRIS R. HORNER,
Licensed Fur Dealer Shiwville Que
IN MEMORIAM
He
Bargain Hunter in Census
For Oolde and that run down feeling
From New .Mexico comes who* must be the last, faint echo cf the census controversy of 1940 federal court a gentleman of Las Vegas who had been indicted for refusing to answer an enumerator's questions was fined $100 and set free.
Ir
try
Wampole’s
Extract Cod Liver
Fop all a*##
$1
wrong.	,
Pressed to put something down, he inquired what the penalty was for making a false return. Ten thousand dollars and ten years in the jug. he was told. What, he asked, was the rap for declining to answer? Told that it was a mere 60 days in jail and five hundred dollars, he did not hesitate for a minute.
Just keeping his trap chut looked like the soundest policy he could pursue, and as things turned out, ft was even more of a bargain than le thought. Of course, his actual in-wme is still a mystery.
• OO per bottle
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mrs, M. 0. Howard
Main and Centre Ste.
SHAWVILLE
visions
t
gll

QUE.
tnt dogs*
eye or through hr.
U

l-rs
i
I I




V

