###PAGE###1###
($1.50 per annum In Advance f 2.00 to the United States
PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 26. 1940
SHAWVILLE
No 15., £8tu Yiau
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
BORN
Sh/rpe—At Pontiac Community Hospital. Shawville, on Saturday evening, September 14, 1040, to Mr. and Mrs. Elwood Sharpe, of Shawville, Que., the gift of daughter, Winona Elizabeth.
MARRIED
Richardson—Sharpe
Two automobile accidents with At the Pentecostal Parsonage, in 24 hours on Stark’s hill at Starks Corners, Que , on Monday, Stark’s Corners, left three persons Sent 23rd, by Rev. A. Downing, seriously injured and two com* Lillis Evelyn, daughter of Mr. and pletely wrecked cars. The first Mrs. Harry Sharpe, of Caldwell, accident took place early Satin• Que., to Mr. James Armstrong day when a car driven by Arthur Richardson, son of Mrs Ricbard-Graham, of Erin, Cut., failed to son and the late Mr. William H make a turn on the hill and rolled Richardson, of Shawville, Que. over several times. 'Mr. Graham The official witnesses were, Mrs. received only minor injuries, but Lennis Sharpe, of Caldwell, Que., his sister, Mrs. G. Dodge, 22, and and Miss O. Morey, deaconess, in his father, Robert Graham, aged charge of the Portage du Fort 75, suffered severe head injuiies. Pentecostal Assembly.
They are under the care of Dr.	-----------
S. E McDowell at the Community Misg Maye Corrigan Honoured
Hospital, Sbawvdle, and on Wed	•	---
nesday morning were reported as Mrfl b. T. Stark entertained at recovering very nicely.	A miscellaneous shower at her
When the accident occurred | jj0nie in honour of her sister, Miss they were on then; way to Shaw- Mftye (jorrjgan, whose marriage ville to visit relatives	* takes place shortly. The room was
The second accident occurred niceiy decorated with pink stream-early Sunday morning in exactly and flowers
the same place, hive young people	bride* to be was presented
returning to their homes in Beach* with A decorated basket full of burg were shaken up when their	carried into the room by the
did not make the turn and jj^tle Misses Joan Stark and Lor-rolled into an adjoining field. One va|ne Klliott. Although taken com of the passengers was rendered .^etely by surprise the guest of unconscious, and ne with the |lonoll|. thanked her friends in a others was taken to Reach burg by jew well chosen words after which a passing motorist w here they re- a,| j0|nec| |n singing “For she’s a celved medical attention, rrovin- p^ly good fellow.” vial police investigated this accv • Befresh meats weie then served dent.	by the hostess.
DIED
A Chicken Supper will be held in the basement of Zion United Church, on Monday evening, Oct. Supper served from 5 to 8 k. followed by a program. Admission, 35 and 15 cents.
Shawville Hardware
Wallace—At Pontiac Community Hospital, Shawville, Que « on Saturday morning, September
21st, 1040, Marian Emma Wallace, beloved and only daughter ot Mr. and Mrs Harry W. Wallace, of More bead, Que , in her 5th year. The funeral was held on Monday afternoon from the late home to St. John's Anglican Church and .Cemetery, at More head.
7th
o’clock
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario school with an reputation. Open all year.
HARDWARE AND BUILDING SUPPLIES
Two AutOH Overturn at Stark s HUI, P. D. F Road
Attend a
established
PERSONAL MENTION
W. E. COWLING President
M. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
Miss Phyllis Haughton, Reg. N., Ottawa, has been visiting friends in town.
Mr Grant Lytle, of Noranda. visited la=t week nt the home of Mr. and Mrs. Neman Dagg.
JAMES A. MILLAR
Cernent
Nails
Paint
Putty
Glass
Locks
Hand Saws,
Nail Hammers, Aluminum Levels, Ready Roofing Sheeting Papers Wire Screening,
B A,. L. L. L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull,Que.
At Moyle’» Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
Mi«s Hilda Wallace, left last week for Thurso, Que, where she has been engaged to teach school
Mr. and Mrs. H A. Hopper, of Chapleau. Out., were recent guests at the home of Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Hayes.
Recent guests at the home of Mrs. Thos. Shore were Mis* Girlie Stevens of Hamilton; Staff Sergt Stevens and Mrs. Stevens, ot Ottawa.
HARLAND C. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shawville, Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
CRI
Mr. Douglas Kl I is, of Montreal.
Mr, Russell
Accompanied by Mosley, were guest* of Dr. ami Mrs Fowles for a few days this week. The young gentlemen made the trip from the city by bicycle.
J. OSCAR LAFIAMME, K.C.
Advocate, arrlstei». Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’sBay, Que (In Lawn Block)
Super Wheeling Yarn
Former Residents Visiting the Fair
Among the former residents of Shawville and district attending the Fair on Friday and Saturday of last week were :
Mr. and Mrs A. Macartney and daughter. Jean. Lunenburg, VS. W. E. Cochrane, London, Ont. Gilmour Hodgins R C\ A rbt. Thomas, Ont.
Garnet Armstrong. Toronto,
.1. II. Finlay, Arnprior, Ont.
Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Findlay and
daughter, Kinhnrn.
Mr. and Mrs. Gerald Hodgins and
family. South Porcupine.
Leslie Horner, South Porcupine. Vinc ent Chisnell, Timmins Ont. Dr. Wallace Hodgins, Montreal. Norris Brough. Montreal.
Mrs. Wesley Should ice, Rupert. Mr. and Mis. Geo. Helmev and family. South Poicnpine.
Mbs Eileen Bennett, South For
UDr. Kenneth McDowell, Renfrew. Jack Dolan, Renfrew.
Mrs. H. Cole.
“ M. Villiant,
“ H Millar.
41 C. A. Burnside,
44 Wm. Kirkpatrick,
“ G. C. Riesentlml,
44 Robt. Glasper,
44 Robert Lawton,
“ Dori< Thompson,
Miss Merle McDowell,
44 Arlene Hodgins,
“ Pearl Kelley, .
“ Nora Hodgins.
44 Lorna Macartney Dean Howard, R C.M.P.
Hiram Linghren,
Thomas Dale,
Pte. Eddie Black,
41 Bertal Stark,
“ Douglas McDowell,
“ Ebert Horner,
44 Donald McDowell,
14 Ervin Ballantyne, " “ Capt. Clarence Smart,	“
Mrs. Robt. G Elliott and daughter. Mrs. Jack Davidson, Ottawa.
Mis Cecil Booth and family, Ottawa.
Mr. and Mis. Forest Prendergast,
Mr. and Mrs. John G. Elliott,
Ottawa.	__ _ .	,
Mr. and Mrs. Nellis Hodgins and
family, Ottawa.	, ,	..
Mrs. Albert Corrigan and family,
Ottawa.
Mrs G. M. Donaldson and son, Murray, Ottawa
Pte. Henry Hodgins Petmwawa, Mr. and Mrs. Martin Black and
family, Almonte.
Mr. and Mis. Clifford Black,
Almonte,	e,	„ , .
Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Hodgins,
Noranda.
Mrs, M. McCuaig, Chapleau.
Mrs. R Maxwell, South Hull.
Mr. and Mrs. Donald Fraser and daughter, Isohel. Ottawa.
Mrs. J. Beamish, Renfrew Mr. and Mrs. Asa Wm. Smart,
Renfrew.
Capt. Charles Murphy, Ottawa. Mrs. A. McKnight, Almonte.
Dr Kenneth Neilson, Ottawa. Misses Florian Brough and Margaret Wanless, Ottawa.
Mr. Gib. Zadow, Ottawa.
Capt. R. G. Docks, Ottawa.
Mrs. H. Lucas and daughters, Evelyn and Joyce, Ottawa.
Herald Walsh, R.C.AF, North
Sidney, N.S.
Mr. and Mrs Wm. Smith of Ottawa.
Mrs. W.|Wlmvrey and daughters, Jennie, Evelyn and Marguerite ot Ottawa.
Another Successful Fair
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A., L.L.B..
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Time to Start Your Fall Knitting
We have been fortunate in being able to procure a good quantity of our famous
Fine Exhibit of Agricultural Horses Cattle Show Largest on Record

Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with (^correspondence
m
Richardson, and at this part of the progiam, Clarence Kilgour, with Ills dog and cart, gave a little exhibition which delighted the children.
The exhibit of sheep and swine was average in extent, but a great
was observed in the the valions types in
From an agricultural point of view Shawvilleh 84tli annual Fall Fair, held on Friday and Saturday of last week, was considered one of the best in the long record of exhibition? sponsored by Pontiac Agricultural Society, No. 1.
Large crowds attended the two-day program and although wet weather prevailed Friday morning and again in the late afternoon the show went on as scheduled School children were admitted free on Friday, and while many disappointed that the midway did not contain the usual number of rides they nevertheless found plenty places begging for the trickles and dimes.
Ideal weather prevailed tor Saturday’s program which attracted one of the largest crowds ever attending the Fair and the gathering included a great many former residents of Shawville and the
district. '	__	-	,	. «
Shawville Boys, Band, under the
direction of Mr. I Swartz, furnish-eel music both afternoons and tor the night show and were very generous with their lively selee
Trials of speed provided the chief entertainment both afternoons and these, probably, were "the most thiilling track events ever run over the local race course. The results are given elsewhere in
this issue	*	#
previously intimated, in
d interest in the agricultur-
Fair was
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-2219
/
189 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, CamptelVsBay
r
» SUPER WHEELING
YARN "
advance quality» of each section.
Extra pens were required for the entries in the poultry building and these included several new varieties not hitherto shown at Shawville Fail
large entry of geese, and the entire show was of the same high standard of the past few years.
An elaborate display by the Dominion Department of Agricul turc, having to do with farming in general, occupied the Hist section in the main building, and luercan tile exhibits by N. D Budd, furrier, of Renfrew ; L. R. Keon, of McKee, with Renfrew Stoves, and Beatty Bros, washers and barn equipment, were attractively arranged in other spaces.
Entries in roots, vegetables and grain was slightly under previous years, but quality was improved. In this department a judging demonstration was held for several students of the Oka Agricultur al College, the judges being Dr. Burke and Mr. Laundry, of the teaching staff of the college.
Dairy and cooking exhibits com pared favourably with former
^Considering the advanced season there was a surprisingly attractive display of flowers and foliage in the centre space on the second floor. The showing of needle work was not as extensive as last year, but it was noted tnat many of the articles which make their appearance year after year were missing, and were replaced by new creations which were qu^te attractive.
An interesting display of Red Cross knitting and sewing was made by the local Red Cross unit and nursing classe*, and to the left of the entrance to the annex there was an extensive showing of school work, which included a number of model aeroplane*.
The Women’s Institute displays in their tea room, provoked much interest. These contained pieces suitable for a living room with an antique of any kind, and were judged individually as well as
^ the odd shower, the night collectively, ience The program opened with community and ieiei\ed splendid
mmmm
classes of the horse show the judge people mtei esteil in stock .aiming pfacinK™0 The^raost ‘interesting | “ Wh'da'y** piogram was topped
######%
ridiculous outfit went to Clarence Renfrew, provided the music.

(

)
every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p.m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.OOto 8.00 p.m.


This special yarn is well known for its wearing qualities, strong, easy to knit and goes
farther than most wheeling yarns, in two and three ply. .
White, Khaki Blue, Grey’s, Cardinal, Heather Brown, Black and Mottled, etc.
D. J. CÀMBPELL
There was a very
were
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Ottawa
Made
• 4
44
Phone 8 I.
44
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
4 4
44
609 Drummond Medical Building
4 •
44
40c per skein
Drummond Street
, MONTREAL, QUE PLATEAU 63 8 8
$1.60 per lb.
44
4 i
44
44
44
See the new “Warrier Brand” knitting yarn, especially made for Military Knitting. All
the military shades, per skein
44
D%. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. We»t •MONTREAL, QUE.
44
44
44
. 50 cts.
44
### e
44
4 4
A*
Tweed Mixtures
BELAIR 3 257
crease
al departments of the very marked, and this was particularly true in the live stock com petitions by the greatly enlarged entry in all classes and also by the unusually large crowd sut rounding the main show ring throughout the Fair. There was a very valuable showing of agi (cultural horses and each class was very well tilled.
The greatest improvement of the whole show was apparent in showings of cattle. Mostly all oi the best known herds in this district were represented and in all breeds competition was keen. The showing was the largest ever wit nessed at the Fair, and interest widespread, many prominent and breeders from
Eastern Ontario and Quebec viewed the animals and watched the , The skating rink was utilized for extra stabling.
Despite very damp weather and
even ' ‘
H. K. NEILSON, IÏI.D.
A splendid new material for making , kiddies and girls / Ifi school dresses. Good ç
ght tweed £)f
made in several very patterns. 36 inch All new Fall

Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
180 METCALFE STREET
Is
l
Tr V
m

Kie
ONT
OTTAWA.

PH0 E, 2-7961
N
W4
n
fall
wei
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
ONTARIO
ire

nice
width, shades and] at surprisingly low price
«
OTTAWA
!
was
importers

SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular Eye Defect
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist
judging
Reg. Optometrist
29c
Per yard
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
a
representing companies
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations

W. A. Hodgins, LVd
Quebec;
Shawville
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
###PAGE###2###
Another 40,000 pounds have been preserved for possible sale to (he Department of National Defence ae food for prisoners of war, the Min lster said.
Canadian “Glads” Are Planted fat American Soil
An order of 67,000 pounds of eel will soon be shipped to England, the Minister said. About 2,000 pounds of the largest eels will be sent along as samples. The Minister expressed the hope that export of the product would increase stead-
A Seed Shortage Coming In 1942?
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON



1
&








Dominion Agricultural Supplies Board Believes Certain Biennial Field Roots May Then Be Short — Cabbage, Beets, Cauliflower, Parsnips
àF

A
America bought Alaska from Russia in 1877 for $7,000,000.


%
«y.
m

I


Ï

THE VOICE OF WISDOM
Proverbs 4.
PRINTED TEXT, Prov. 4: 10-2T. GOLDEN TEXT.—
Ksep thy heart with all diligence; For out of It are the Issues of life. Prov. 4: 23.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING.

m


m
I
k ¦>
î This Curious World

By William Ferguson

?

The Seed Supply Committee of the Agricultural Supplies Board, which was formed after the outbreak of war last September, has been following closely Canadian seed supplies of cereals, fibre flax, forage crops, field roots and garden vegetable seeds. For the seed season of 1940 normal seed supplies were found available and the prospects for 1941 seed supplies now are favourable.
Careful investigation of seed stocks on hand, seed imports and exports and contracts for delivery In 1941 and 1942 indicate a probable shortage in 1942 of certain biennial field roots and vegetable crops including Mangel, Swede, Garden Beet, Cabbage, Cauliflower, Parsnips and also two annual crops Radish and Spinach.
DUTCH SUPPLIES CUT OFF
Respective seed shortages from these crops are due to the cutting off of supplies from Holland and Denmark and to uncertainty as to quantities that may be imported from Great Britain.
This situation was reported to the Agricultural Supplies Board, at the conference with representatives of Provincial Departments of Agriculture, held in Ottawa, July 18 to 20. It was agreed at that time that as an insurance against possible shortage in 1942 the production of seeds in Canada from approved seed stocks of these crops of certain definite quantities under a joint plan between Provincial Departments of Agriculture and the Board should be undertaken.
v

m
¦
¦


m

w
a

V*. f »

THE LAKE
NOW ACCUMULATING ABOVE
BOULDER DAM
WILL CONTAIN, WHEN FULU,\ ENOUGH WATER TO COVER THE ENTIRE STATE OF
A/£W VO/RAC
TO A DEPTH OF
ONE FOOT.
Time. No definite date can be given for the writing of these chapters, but the author of most of the book of Proverbs, Solomon, flourished about 1000 B.C.
Place.—No geographical location is mentioned anywhere In this chap-

p
;>:•
4
.




E



e#s
m
>
4


1

A
# mm
R
ter.
The emphasis throughout the opening section of this chapter, as indeed throughout the entire book of Proverbs, Is on the priceless value and infinite importance of wisdom. Wisdom has been defined: "In all the complex relations of human life and conduct, to know And do God’s will." Wisdom is to understand, so far as it is permitted to man’s finite intelligence, the manifold adaptation and har-; mony, the beauty and utility, of . (tod's works and ways, and to turn our knowledge of them to practic-» al account.
In this lesson we have a remarkable illustration of the infinitely • surpassing value of parental Instruction, especially in the matters of true character and religious faith.


l

)



Vi
i
!


3
B
a
#


'

»»*#/> • -X . .«'Lv.'X*. .'W.eX
Hon. T. B. McQuesten, Niagara Parks commission chairman, and Ontario minister of highways, presents to Margaret Anne Mather cuttings of Canadian gladioli to be planted in American soil, was dedication in Fort Erie, Ont., of Mather Park, named in honor of Alonzo Mather, 91, Chicago and Los Angeles industrialist, who donated j The park is the only memorial in Canada to a living Ameri-The girl is a cousin of the donor.

I
« ^
^6
Occasion

as

%
RECEIVES .THREE TIMES AS MUCH ENERGY^ FROM THE SUN IN A S/NSLE. _ C.4V AS IS CONTAINED «, IN ALL .THE GOAL
BURNED ON EARTH"
IN AN E/Vf/RE YEAR.

the land, can.
4
26.	Make level the path of thy feet, And let all thy ways be established.
27.	Turn not to the right hand
nor to the left: Remove thy foot from evil.	'

Seeds per plant Dock
Pig Weed Mustard Peppergrass 14,000 Buckthorn Dodder Smartwced Sorrell Thistle
Life
40 yrs., plus 40 yrs., plus 40 yrs., plus 40 yrs., plus 40 yrs., plus 20 yrs., plus 25 yrs.
20 yrs.
20 yrs.
In England it was discovered weeds lived in the soil 58 The United States Dept, of Agriculture planted 107 varieties of weeds and 51 grew after 21 years, proving that weeds once in the soil have an excellent chance to produce at some period.
Here are a few disadvantages of weeds:
8,000
12,000
20,000

*<Jt

Rewards of Wisdom
Four inevitable bless Inge promised In this chapter to those who truly and consistently embrace such wisdom in their own life, and let it instruct them in all that they plan and undertake: 1, Wisdom will keep such a person from trembling; 2, Wisdom will make such a man’s life balanced and sane and healthy—whatever he undertakes will succeed; 3, wisdom will bring honor from his fellow citizens to such a man; 4, finally, such a man, as he goes on in years, will find his whole life beautified and adorned with a character of strength, a character tried and tested, a heart at peace because God Is known and trusted.
Two Paths of Life
The father here informs his son concerning the two paths of life and which one to follow. Prov. 4:
• *
COM. IMS IV NEA SERVICE, INC.
are
2,000
5.000
2.000
3.000
9.000
\f


OUR. TOGO
> ¦ DOES NOT JUST SL/DE DOkYM WHEN WE SWALLOW/ IT ISfl CARRIED TO THE STOMACH1 BV A MOST COMPLICATED ^TRANSPORTATION system
I
>
Farm Notes ..
s


i

/
Weeds: Farmer’s Perpetual Enemy
years.
rt-tô
The Province’s Grain Harvest
ENGINEERS calculate that, in the tropics, the sun lavishes on # Single square mile during an eight-hour day, energy equivalent to that released by the combustion of 7400 tons of coal. r,
,______ -	-w-	^
, NEXT: How much turpentine has been taken from the forests *f the V. 8. In one year'
Weeds are the farmer’s perpetual enemy and must be fought continually says John D. MacLeod, Crops, Seeds and Weeds Branch, Ont. Dept, of Agriculture, Toronto. It is unfortunate that nature endows weeds with more ability to maintain and perpetuate themselves than it does cultivated crops.
Here are a few figures as quoted in the “Seed World” showing the reproducing qualities of weeds and the number of years they will maintain their germination:
Western Ontario, Soaked, le Schedule
Water-Weeks Behind Central and Eastern Areas Report Much Better Progress
1.	Rob soil of fertility.
2.	Make harvesting difficult.
3.	Cut down yields.
4.	Reduce quality of crop.
5.	Reduce value of land.
6.	Take needed moisture from the soil.

m•«
¦
1
i
¦
BIBLICAL PROPHET
Western and Southern Ontario, water-soaked and with less than half of its spring grain crop garnered the first week end in September, showed marked contrast with the counties in Central and Eastern sections of the Province, according to the weekly crop report issued by the Department of ! Agriculture.
Carleton, for example, reported "splendid harvesting weather.” Frontenac reported “80 per cent of the threshing is completed,” while in Leeds “milk production is falling somewhat due to drying of pastures.” Prince Edward reported "rain is badly needed.” In Northumberland, more than 90 per cent of spring grain crops had been harvested.
ENOUGH FEED FOR STOCK?
Agricultural officials were hopeful that enough grain to be harvested in Western and Southern Ontario to supply feed for stock, but were not betting on it. They definitely feared that the sections would not be able to produce seed grain for next spring. Potatoes throughout these entire districts were being attacked by blight, and, it were timated, scores cf fields would he a total loss.
The survey reveals that hundreds of acres of fall wheat, which normally shouiy have bee harvested in July, were still in the stook. Sprouting had started in every county in the two areas.
HORIZONTAL
1 Pictured Biblical prophet.
6 He was a great leader
and-----
13 Veiny.
15	Without difficulty.
16	Fabulous bird.
17	Bound.
19	Thus.
20	Sound of inquiry.
22 Astringent.
24 Weight allowance.
26 Salt.
28 Sea skeleton.	,
30 To turn about.	Either
32 Bellow.
34 Great lake.
36 Genuine.
38	Connecting word.
39	New York.
41 He was given
the Ten by his God.
44 Golf device.
46	Almonds.
47	Domestic slave.
Answer to Previous Puzzle
12 Grain.
14 To hold a session.
16 Story-teller. 18 Deposit at river mouths. 21 His life was full of both ease and (pl.).
23 Refuse from pressed grapes.
25 To revolve.
27 Borrowers.
29 Lion-hearted person.
31 Producing happiness.
33 Insect.
35 Moo I cy apple. 37 Typo measures.
40 Yes.
42	Mountain.
43	Finale.
45 To sin.
49 Bulb /lower 51 Rodent.
54 Drove.
57 Label.
f>0 Five plus fl \
63 Mine.
65 Preposition.
10.
The most modern aeroplanes are fitted with more than 300 appliances with a view to eliminating accidents.
L
11.	Hear, O my son, and receive my sayings; And the years of thy life shall be many. I have taught thee in the way of wisdom; I have led thee in paths m uprightness.
12.	When thou goest, thy steps •hall not be straightened; And If thou runneet, thou shalt not •tumble. Widening of the steps is an Oriental figure for the bold and free movements of one in prosperity, as the straitening (narrowing) of them is the constrained and timid action of one in adversity.
13.	Take fast hold of instruction; let her not go: Keep her; for she Is thy life.
14.	Enter not into the path of the wicked, And walk not in the way of evil men.
15.	Avoid it, pass not by it; Turn from it, and pass on.
16.	For they sleep not, except they do evil; And their sleep is taken away, unless they cause some to fall.
.17. For they eat the bread of wickedness, And drink the wine of violence.
Instruction of a positive nature urging the son to walk in the way of wisdom is now followed by instruction of a negative form, warning the son to keep far, far away from the path of wicked men.
18. But the path of the righteous Is as the dawning light, That shin-eth more and more unto the perfect day.
V I
E
/
C
(Pi.)
X
MAP OF
U
IRELAND Ft
RADIO REPORTER
l
!
NTrBv
By DAVE ROBBINS
IS

s

GOOD DEED CLUB
When next Saturday morning rolls around and the clock points to 9.45—be sure yo.ur radio is tuned to 1120 on the dial—for once again the Good Deed- Club of the air will make its bow to launch good deeds unlimited for the eighth season in a row.
For those of you who aren't acquainted with the Good Deed Club, it's a radio show whose members have merited their tificates by doing worthwhile deeds.
Mary, can
and possibly a wrist watch or four war savmgs stamps, if you write in to the Good Deed Club and tell them what you have done.
The Hamilton Good Deed Club stays close to the rule that all their performers must not be more than 1C yrs. of age, so many thousands have passed through the orchestra, choir and specialty groups that have been broadcasting for the last seven years.
These youngsters are real kids and put on a real show—so listen in next Saturday morning at 9.46!
the C B C children’s broadcasts and is busily preparing new programs for the fall and winter season. She has just returned to the airlanes with more stories for very young, particularly children of pre-school age. These broadcasts are entitled "Just Mary" and are presented on Sundays at 1.15 p.m. over the CBC network from Toronto.
11M

the land of
48 Soil. 50 Half.
G7 Middle.
52 To regret.
the
VIRTUAL
55	Anything .steeped.
56	Right.
58	Note in scale.
59	Negative.
Cl Plural
2	Convex molding.
3	Safe.
4	Half an cm.
5	Drunkard, c Ogles.
7	You and I.
8	Fuel.
9	Cow-headed goddess.
10 An
was
cer-
One of the better shows on the air lanes returned for the 1941 season last Monday night, when Radio Theatre made again on the Columbia chain at nine. Cecil B. DeMillc, the old master of drama and pagantry, can always be counted on for a first class show—and Radio Theatre is good for a listen any Monday night.	•
TRIVIA:
pronoun.
62 Mohammedan noble.
64 Fancies.
66 He led his
people out of 11 Ell.
And you too, Johnny and win a membership,
its bow
ecclesiastic.
es-
2
3 1
7
10
l
I
13
14
lb

6
Blind-pianist Alec Templeton has got himself wife. She’s 39, divorced and former actress . . . Bob Burns is counting on a fourth little Burns happening along any time puts him right Crosby . . . "Gone With the Wind” comes to the CBC as serial this fall . . . Oreh.-lcadcr Russ Morgan is a poppa.
17
19
0 |2l
a
22
23
24
25
6
2
a
28
29
30
Britain Buying Quebec’s Eels
31
32
19.	The way of the wicked is as darkness. They know not at what they stumble.
The path of the righteous begins like the light of dawn. It is small In Its beginning. The new-born Christian is like a rising sun struggling through the mists of morn.
Life of True Integrity
20.	My son, attend to my words; Incline thine ear unto my sayings.
21.	Let them not depart from thine eyes; Keep them in the midst of thy heart.
22.	For they are life unto those that find them, And health to all their flesh.
23.	Keep thy heart with all diligence; or out of it are the Issues of life.
The fountains and wells of the Bast were watched over with special care. A stone was rolled to the mouth of the well so that "a spring •hut up, a fountain sealed*' became the type of all 'that is more Jealously guarded. So it is here. The heart is such a fountain; out of it flow the issues of life.
24.	Put away from thee a wayward mouth, And perverse lips put tar from thee.
The Hebrew word here translated “wayward" means literally distortion, and the phrase Indicates 4 twisting of the truth; perveree Ups are those that turn aside from the truth.
25.	Let thine eyes look rigtit ou,
And let thine eyelids look straight Wore thee.	I
now; in there with
34
35
36
3
9
4
I
42
a
4
New Market For Catch Found Previously Sold to Germany and Italy
NOTES AND NEWS
The National network made no mistake when Percy Faith, one of Canada’s best musicians, was named to the conductorship of the Contented program, heard the red network Monday nights at ten. Enjoy yourself by dialing in Music by Faith next Monday evening.
44
4
47
9
50
RADIO BONER The honours for boner of the week must go this time to Kate Smith, who said the other night while talking about a certain baker: "He has in his shop the same sweetmetas that Damascus when Christ there !”
51
K
A new market for Quebec’s eel catch, which was sold almost tircly to Germany and Italy before the outbreak of war, has been found in C/eat Britain, Hon. Oscar Drouin, Quebec Provincial Minister of Trade and Commerce, announced last week.
*
52

541*55
over
en
n
56 57 ¦58
60 ¦61
A / /
%
2
63
M
were .n was
Mary Graham is in charge of
POP
The Same Reason
By J. MILLAR WATT

DO YOU WNOW WHY A SCOTSMAN ALWAYS HITS THE SALT SHAKER ON THE SIDE AND AN IRISHMAN ALWAYS HITS IT ON _
THE BOTTOM ?
no! i'm SUREST don't![»
TO GET THE SALT
r
ill
i
out:
o
A
r-


\\

\

ft


v



<z
m
rr~
v
/-iâ
V



opyriaki.TiTt.
;
¦LIP? 1
(
###PAGE###3###
Northern Ontario Sporting Heaven
Leave Masks Behind Them
Movie Actors in Air Force
Re-union in Uniform

GET A CLOSE-UP ON OGDEN’S!
. HAVE • YOU HEARD?





It's A Paradise For The Hunter and Fisherman In the North-West Section of the Province

Less Than Half The People In England Are Now Carrying Their Gas Protectors


WW
*


A Pole was .passing through Berlin with his small son. boy saw a statue of Hitler and inquired who he was.
“Why, he’s the man who freed us from our chains,” the father said. “You know, mother’s nice gold chain and my watch chain?”
Gas masks which nearly every Englishman carried at the outbreak of the war, have been disappearing from the streets gradually but steadily until less than half the population carries them habitually.
An Englishman thinks nothing of burdening himself daily with an umbrella and an attache case in which he may carry anything from papers to lunch and a change of socks.
TOO MANY FORGOTTEN
But he was a bit upset when possession of a gas mask, as well as a ticket, was demanded for admission to a movie.
The movies soon found the accumulation of forgotten masks too great to cope with, and dropped the rule.
There was a marked drop in the number of gas mask carriers immediately.
Women still generally carry them, as well as accompanying toddlers who lug containers almost half their size.
ONLY FALSE ALARM
But when German gas attacks failed to materialize, attempts to get the public accustomed to wearing masks were chiefly limited to newspaper appeals and warnings.
Some business establishments still insist on their employes donning the masks at intervals for practice in working in them.
Since the start of the war London has had one gas attack alarm, and it was a false alarm.
The

When the autumn leaves tint the landscape in beautiful colors and cool, bracing weather provides ideal conditions • for fall hunting and fishing, many sports-will be out in the woods and on lakes and streams of Canada, according to C. K. Howard, head of the Fish and Game Department, Canadian National Railways.


Treat your-•elf to a real ' ' o I a m o u r ' *
smoke—roll a —	M :%1
cigarette with	9
mellow fragrant Ogden’s ^
Fine Cut Then you’ll understand why men who know their cigarette tobaccos vote Ogden’s the headline attraction—why they never tire of Ogden's performance.
Only the best cigarette papers—"Chantée 1er* or "Vogueare good enough for Ogden's.


>
men
Joe: “Whet is a harmoni-
sé
ca ?"
Jim: “Corn on the cob set to music."
CLIFF LAKE SECTION Among the many territories making a sportsman’s paradise is the Cliff Lake section of Northwestern Ontario, not only noted for its big game hunting but also as one of the finest muskie fishing waters in America, stated Mr. Howard. “Comfortable log cabins have been erected on the shores of this lake for the accommodation of sportsmen visiting the district on fishing or hunting trips" he said. Fishing consists primarily of muskies and salmon trout, although there is a good supply of pickerel and great northern pike while the district provides very good hunting for big and small game, as well as waterfowl, stated Mr. Howard. Of special interest to the fall canoeing enthusiast are the almost unlimited possibilities of the region for canoe travel, he said. “Convenient canoe trips up to a month’s duration may be arranged with the management of Kenneally Lodge and Camps, with office at Quibell, Ontario, who, in addition, can supply canoes, guides, camping outfits and provisions." Access to this comparatively new sports district of the Cliff Lake section is made at Quibell station on the transcontinental line of the Canadian National Railways, where guests are met and conducted to camp.
The doctor was awakened by the ’phone jangling at 3 a.m. “What is It?” he asked sleep-
Pipe-
Smoker tt— Atk
For i Ogden'» à

y


»y.
Cut
“Well, you see, doctor, we’ve been having a big party and I’m terribly worried about one of the guests," came from the other end of the wire.
“But why bother me? Is he seeing elephants or something?" the doctor asked, annoyed.
“That’s the trouble," was the reply. “The room Is full of 'em and he can’t pee any!"
Plug

Flying Officer Sterling C. Campbell, formerly an assistant director in Hollywood, received a pleasant surprise when three British-born actors whom he used to direct turned up at the Manning Pool as enlisted aircraftsmen. Here the happy foursome yarn over the tea-cups about eld times in the film capital. The actors are, left to right — Robert voote and Patrick Knowles both of England and Hollywood, and Colin Tapie y of New Zealand and Hollywood. The actors played in such famous films as Robin Hood, A Yank at Oxford, The Charge of the Light Brigade and If I Were King.
i
7
Com


Î2*
Oe


OGDENS
Need Clothing For Refugees
Mother: Junior Is getting more like you every day."
Father (absently): “What has he done now?"
Modern
Etiquette
FINE' CUT
Red Cross la Asking For Donations Suitable For Older Boys and Girls and Adults Sheltered In England
A certain actor who walked across the stage In a street scene of a third-rate drama was fond of telling his friends what he would accomplish when he had a speaking part. No matter how small it was, he would show them some real acting.
Eventually his opportunity same. He was booked for a coming production. He was to appear in one of the scenes and say two words: “It is.”	'
For three weeks he rehearsed ml sorts of gestures, expressions, nightly before the mirror trying tones, until he felt perfect.
eventful night arrived when the curtain was to rise on the new play for the first time, and the actor impatiently waited his cue. It came. “And so this is the end?"
With his best tragedian air he stalked to the centre of the stage, and in a voice of thunder cried: ,rIs it?"
BY ROBERTA LEE
HEALTH
TOPICS
1. When gving a party and inviting a yong man who Is engaged to be married, is it necessary to Invite his fiancee also, even if one does not care particularly for her?
More and more garments for girls and boys over ten, and for adults, are urgently needed in England to clothe the more than
100,000	refugees from the Channel Islands and the continent of Europe, according to despatches received by the Canadian Red Cross Society.
Members of the more than 700 women’s groups who resumed their war time work for the Red Cross in Toronto this month are being asked to devote much of their efforts for the next few months to providing clothes for these people who have, in many cases, been moved abut so many times that they have lost what clothing they had. Workers are reminded that warm winter clothing will soon be needed, both for the English climate and for children who may come to Canada in the n>xt few months.
WARM WINTER ONES
Letters coming in to Red Cross headquartrs tell of the gtreat appreciation felt for what has already been sent by Canadian women. A woman who has been working constantly, alleviating the distress among refugees, writes to her mother, “We simply burst into tears when we opened the box from Canada Everything was of such good quality, so well made and so exactly what we wanted."
All the garments that are shipped to England are made from new material, it was pointed out by Mrs. George Royce, acting director of the Women’s War Work for Toronto Branch. She says the women of Toronto have done wonders in obtaining supplies of good material. Many are extremely clever at making garments out of small pieces of goods.
Correct Breathing Prevents Colds
2. When a husband is speaking to his business associates, clerks, or servants, should he refer to Ms wife as “my wife"?
8. When attending a formal dinner, is a guest supposed to ring the doorbell?
4. la it permissable for an employee to have his or her personal mail addressed to the office instead of the home?
6. Ia it all right to cut lettuce with the knife before eating it?
6. Should a bridge hostess place the best players at one table, the inexperienced ones at another table?
Rumania’s Latest “Strong Man”
In order that children’s chests may expand correctly it is of the utmost importance that they learn to breathe through their noses from birth. Mouth breathing means the introduction of germs into the throat and breathing passages. The nose acts as a filter; having a lining of fine hairs which stop the progress of harmful particles. If the mouth is kept closed, the saliva is then quite clean and healthy. If the mouth is continually open it becomes dry and the saliva will bo contaminated with germs. This may lead infection to the tonsils. Correct breathing through the nose also expands the chest.
EXPANDS CHEST PROPERLY »
If babies and young children do not expand their chests while their bones and muscles are soft, they will grow up with narrow, hollow chests. This will cause insufficient lung expansion, and cold and bronchitis will result.
Will you do all you can to see that baby breathes correctly from birth? His funny little nose has not much spare space inside it and any dried mucuc will soon block it. Therefore clean it before he goes to sleep and when you dress him in the morning.
If his nose is blocked his mouth will fall open when he is asleep and he will soon start a habit of mouth breathing. Do not lay him down on his back because in this position his mouth is more likely to fall open. If he turns on to his back and his mouth comes open when he is asleep, it is easy to put a rolled up handkerchief under his chin to keep his mouth shut.
The
BIG GAME TERRITORY At Vermillion Lakes is situated Mike Ament’s Camps, with office at Sioux Lookout, Ontario, on the Canadian National line. In addition to muskies, small mouth black bass, salmon trout, wall-eyed pike and great northern pike, the Vermilion Lakes section has become known as a splendid big game territory, where moose, bear and deer arc plentiful, as well as ducks, according to Mr. Howard. “The facilities offered by this territory for fishing and hunting make it one of the best on the continent" concluded Mr Howard.
1
F
>
mi
"You sold me a car two week» ago."
“Ye., air."
"Tell
Answers
1. Yes. Otherwise, one should n<ot invite the young man. 2. It Is preferable to say “Mrs. Davis." 8. No. A servant should be in the hall to open the door as each guest arrives. 4. If there is some very urgent resaon why this Is preferable, one may ask his employer for permission. But ordinarily things of a personal nature should not be mixed up with business, and all personal mail should be addressed to the home. 6. No. A lettuce leaf should bo folded with the fork before conveying to the mouth. 6. Yes.
me again all you •aid about it then. I’m getting discouraged."



How Can I?
Americans Guard Greenland Mines
General Ion Antonescu, long a bitter foe of Magda Lupescu, is the new strong man of Rumania. He was called upon by King Carol bo form a new government amid nationwide turbulence. He laid down his own terms for accepting the call, one of which was the exiling of Magda Lupescu. Shortly'after Antonescu became military dictator, King Carol abdicated in favor of Crown Prince Michael.
BY ANNE ASHLEY
!
I
U. S. Coastal Patrol Is Keeping lie Eye Upon Valuable Cryolite Deposits
Q. How can I wash delicate laces?
A. This can be done effectively by wrapping them around a milk bottle, fastening the ends and dipping the bottle up and down in soapy water until the lace is clean. Rinse in the same way, using clear water. Long pieces of lace are best washed in this manner.
Q. How can I make a good stuffing for pillows?
A. Old silk garments, cut into very fine pieces, make an excellent stuffing for pillows. They are soft and cool and as easily shaken out as feathers.
Q. Hwo can I keep plants moist?
A. Water-soaked
The Brooklyn Eagle says four heavily-armed U. S. coast guard vessels manned by 500 men have established a protective patrol over Greenland's cryolite mines, the world’s only commercial source of the important mineral used in refining aluminum.
Coincident with the disclosure, the state department in Washington forbade officers and crew members of the cutter Comanche, which returned from the Greenland patrol to talk about their work, according to the paper.
The Eagle says the cutters Comanche, George W. Campbell, Northland and Duane have been based at Ivigtut, Southwest of Greenland, since June 1 to protect the valuable mines, which produce a metal used In extracting aluminum from bauxite ore, making It valuable to the airplane Industry.
Head» “Suicide Squad”

Apple Crop Decrease Over Million Barrels
Preliminary estimate of the 1940 Canadian apple crop places it at 4,421,000 barrels compared with the final estimate of 5,791,900 barrels in 1939.
Production of pears is estimated at 550,400 bushels compared with 577,100 last year while the peach crop production is considerably lower at 784,400 bushels compared with 935,000. The 1940 grape crop is placed at
42,800,000	pounds compared with 65,595,900.

What Science. Is Doing
newspapers twisted around the roots of the plants, against the dirt, will keep the plants moist.
Q. How can I remove sun tan?
A. Buttermilk applications will usually prove effective. Or, mix % ounce of glycerine, 1 ounce of rosewater, the juice of one small lemon, and apply.
Q. How can I remedy disfiguring scratches on wall paper?
A. Moisten a scrap of the paper which has been saved and then carefully scrape off the coloring with a sharp knife. Apply this coloring to the scratch and when dry it will scarcely be noticeable.
Baby must never wear anything tight or restricting to his movements, and stays that tie across the chest are harmful. His clothes must be loose and free, giving complete freedom of arm movement.
* * * «
* 4P «, 4k
HIBERNATION FOR CANCER
A new-type “hibernation bag" in which a cancer sufferer forgot his pain and a narcotic addict found “complete cure" was described last week.
CURE FOR DYSENTERY
Sulfathiazole, a baby member of the amazing sulfanilamide family, is bidding strongly for recognition as the long-sought,
. effective weapon against dysentery bacilli.
Atlanta, Ga., physicians have seen this drug score repeated, spectacular victories over aute dysentery in children one to three years old.
DARKENS GRAY HAIR
Discovery that pantothenic acid turns gray hair dark in rats is announced in Science, official journal of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
This acid is one of the numerous fractions of vitamin B.
For three years dieticians have reported that something in vitamin B has the ability to turn gray hair darker. When graying I has been caused by lack of this somewhat mysterious vitamin fraction, the restoration has been complete. .
...CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
Capt. Edward H. Webb, 27, heads the “suicide squad" of Canadian engineers which clean up Nazi delayed-action bombs after they arc dropped by German raiders. Captain Webb was horn in Orillia, Ont., and was employed by the Hudson’s Bay Co in Winnipeg.
• as
PHOTO FINISHING
CAMS NEW AND USKÜ
SALE OF STOCK
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS LTD., Toronto’s oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers; three locations, 632 Ml Pleasant Roud, 2040 Yonge St., 1650 Dan Forth Avenue. Our Used Cars make us many friends.
KITCHENER STOCK YARDS. LAN.
caster St., has good market for Horses. Dairy Cows, Feeders, Calves. Pigs, Poultry, implements, produce with Auction Sale every Thursday. Terms Cash; Rates reasonable; prices good. Come to Kitchener where people can buy. —F. J. Stef fier. Manager._
FREE! You Can Now Own
complete set of beautiful silverware absolutely without cost, manufactured and guaranteed hy. International Silver Company. You may have this complete set absolutely free by sending your films to Imperial. Send an order now and receive complete particulars of this amazing offer. Six or eight exposure films developed and printed 25c, or 8 reprints 25c, plus your choice of a free enlargement In easel mount or free silverware. To get the best In quality and service send your films to Imperial Photo Service. Station J., Toronto.
•f
Canada is the world’s leading producer of asbestos. Shipments by Canadian producers in April amounted to 30,449 tons as compared with 24,921 in March. During the first four months of 1940 shipments aggregated 103,347 bons as compared with 86,605 during the corresponding period in 1939.
FARM PROPERTY
Mosquito Ranch
100 ACRES TEN MILES EAST OF Sarnia, close to No. 7 Highway. I>arge brick house, newly painted and decorated; two barns; natural as and Lake Huron water In Price
Park. 72 James St. N., Hamilton, Ontario.
POULTRY
g
FREE RANGE PULLETS. BARRED Rocks, White Rocks, New Hump-shlres, White Leghorns, Hybrids. All Ages. Free catalogue. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Ltd., Bnden. Ontario.
One of the queerest “ranches" in the world raises mosquitoes for the express purpose of giving people mild attacks of malaria. This is because certain types of mental disease can only be cured when the tissue is attacked by the malaria germ. For this purpose the eggs of mosquitoes are collected, and, when batched, the young are fed on rabbit’s blood and kept in bottle®. When a patient is singled out for kiting, the open mouth of the bottle is placed against the leg and fifty vicious mosquitoes do their worst. It takes that number to ensure that he will be infected, hut the patient gets malaria in only a mild form.
reasonable.—A. J.
ouse.
LEGHORN PULLETS
LEGHORN PULLETS AT BARGAIN prices while the supp Three week old $20.40, f< old $24.40, five week old $29.40, Also older free range pullets.— Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
SEED FOR SALE
PULLETS FOR SALE
ly lasts, our week
BRAY 7-8 WEEK PULLETS; SOME ready-to-lay Pullets. Limited quantity September-October chicks available. Order Fall chicks Fall Service Bulletin ready soon. Bray Hatchery, 130 John, Hamilton. Ont.
NIGGER RED WHEAT TESTING sixty-five, 85c: Fall barley testing fifty-two, $1.00 per bus. All Government standard grade No. 1 bags Included. 6c per bus. extra If treated with seresan. Write N. A G. King, Pain Court, Ontario.
Nervous Restless
now.
HUNTING DOGS
Girls !
YOUNG AMERICAN COON HOUNDS ¦lira trim built. Sharp scented, open trailers. Finest hunters on any game, $12 each.—J. L. Irwin, Ilderton, Ontario.
Cranky? Restless? Can’t sleep? Tire easily? Annoyed by fe-
|||ll|l|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||n:iale functional disorders and monthly distress? Then take Lydia E. Pink ham's Vegetable Compound, famous for over 60 years In helping-such rundown weak, nervous conditions. Made especially /or women. WELL WORTH TRYING!
Bara Roofing—Granary Lining
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
SUPERT1TE STEEL SHEETS COST less, cover more, last longer, lay faster, save sheathing. Buy now before war advances prices, direct from factory. Superior Products Limited, 15 Nelson Street. Sarnia, Ontario.
Used
New
Films average 20,000 feet in length when shown; but usually about 36,000 feet have been taken. This means a wastage of
15,000	feet for every film.
INFORMATION BUREAU
SPECIALIZING IN REBUILT MOTORS, POWER-UNITS. Hydraulic Holsts, Wlacbe*.
Starter*,
Radiators Glas* —
INFORMATION ON ANY SUBJECT. Questions of any nature answered, 25 cents each. Five for dollar. Write Vertlieb’s Information Bureau, Wawbewawa. Ontario.
to*. Carburetor*,
Kitbeifc Service,
ISSUE 38—’40
Sal l*f actio*
re fa
Levy Auto Parta» Dept. J,. Tvroate,

###PAGE###4###

I
35
5
putting down a bituminous surfacing the highway in these Municipalities and that this work is being done in accordance with a plan which extends over a period of years and will eventually provide this sort of surface on the Second War Loan	whole length of the highway within die
Goes Over Top	County. He also advised that he his
.	been	requested by the Provincial	Lorn-
Oversubscription of Canada’s #300, mittee.of the Red Cross Society, to ac-000.000 war loan, second loan of the cept the Chairmanship of ne	y
war	became	apparent	shortly	before	Red	Cross Organization which	is m
subscribed.	Subscription books	close	at	that	he had accepted this oft ce and
12 o’clock local time all across Canada, asked the assistance and co-operation of j
concluding the campaign started Sept, the County Councillors in the Led Qth	Cross Drive.
X statement covering the final sub- Mr. N A. Drummond appears before
Macdonald College on behalf of a student enrolled in the Diploma Course in Agriculture from this County who did not complete the term of studies and advised that Professor L. H. Hamilton, president of McDonald College would appreciate instructions concerning Council’s wish with regard to this balance. A discussion follows during which the whole matter of the plan of assistance offered by this Council to Pontiac students enrolling in these Agricultural courses is reviewed, and on motion of Crs. Kennedy and McCann, the following resolution is adopted without division “That the resolutions covering the enrolment of students from Pontiac County in Agricultural Diploma courses at eithei Macdonald or Oka Colleges, adopted by this Council during the years 1938 and 1939, be herewith authorized as operative for the coming term 1940—41 and a motion by Crs McCann-Racine, providing that the $25 balance on hand by Macdonald College, be retained as a credit against any amount that may become payable account of 1940 enrolment, is next
adopted.	.
Council next proceeds to the authorization of payment of some sundry accounts submitted and authorizes the payment of grants already voted to Fall Fairs at Quyon, Shawvilleand Chapeau, as well as School Fairs held in connection with some of these fairs, upon notification to the Secretary of the actual
holding of the events.
The Secretary presents a brief covering his actions with regard to deeds to certain lots sold by Council at Tax Sales, required by Notary Donat Le guerrier ; Council takes full cognizance of the matter and authorizes no action other than to advise the Secretary to pursue the procedure followed by his predecessor in office relative to the issuing of deeds to property sold at County Tax Sales.
On motion of Crs Kennedy Karr,
Council then adjourned.
Given at Campbell’s Bay, Sept. 11, 1940.
L. S. McNally Sec -Treas.
on
THE EQUITY
SHAW VILLE, SEPT 26. 1940
Hodgins Garage
If Pennies Count With You
X
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
It might be wise for you to consider the fact that a bag of flour costing $2.50 and less than dollars worth of other ingredients will still produce more than $7.00 worth of bread.
Since this is true why not bake your own bread.
I
one
j
Miss these real
Buys in "Dependable
We stock the following brands of flour :
Winnipeg, Keynote, Golden West, Three Stars, Castle,
British Red Cross Notes
Maple Leaf, Robin Hood, Five Roses, Purity,
Ivory,
Nelson.
The British Red Cross recently made an emergency appeal to the Canadian Red Cross Society for 5,000 parcels of food per week to feed British prisoners of war in Germany then asked for twice this number. The Society has decided to send those 10,000 parcels of food and \ the will be approximately $125,000 per month.
It is to meet this appeal, two other requests for help equally important and the cost of the general emergency programme for next year that the Quebec Division of the Canadian Red Cross Society which commenced its campaign on Sept. 23 for the purpose of collecting $1,000,000, which is its quota of the $5,000,000, national objective.
The second emegency appeal was made by the Canadian department of national defence requesting the Red Cross to provide, equip and maintain convalescent hospitals throughout Canada for British soldiers in need of hospital care.The Montreal convalescent hospital will contain 100 beds.
The third emergency appeal comes from the overseas commissioner in London. asking the Canadian Red Cross to send clothing for the 100.000 refugees who have fled to England from invaded countries.
Combined with these three emergency appeals are the other objectives which the Canadian Red Cross is called upon to assist in maintaining. There is need for money to maintain ambulance and auxiliary units for first aid services to Canadian fighting men, to provide comforts to provide comforts to soldiers, sailors and airmen, locating and feeding Canadian prisoners of war, to aid children fleeing England,* to provide emergency assistance to Canadian soldiers before they proceed overseas and to carry on peace time services of health work throughout Canada.
Used Gars
vice
and Trucks
One—1938 —Chevrolet Sedan
One—1939—Pontiac Sedan
One—1934—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
Demonstrations Gladly Given on Request Call today and beat the high price
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., OECD-
Road mare or gelding—1st Lloyd Horner, 2nd Geo Telford, 3rd Smart Bros.
Special Prize List Shave ville Fair
seven
Lady Driver—1st Eldrid Mee, 2nd j g Geo Telford, 3rd Eldrid Mee.	6
Saddle horse—1 st VV J Smith, 2nd j g Wm Moore, 3rd W J Smith.	j!
Pair matched roadsters—1st A R 6 Smiley, 2nd Eldrid Mee.	[j
Pair horses of section cl, 1, 2, 3—1st | r,
Keith Buhner, 2nd Smart Bros., 3rd Thos Bean.
Gentleman driver—1st W Moore, 2nd I ham Geo Telford, 3rd Smart Bros.	New Hamp, hen-1st Claude Elliott,
Foal—Kaboul 2nd—Wm Howard. | 2nd Art Mulligan, 3rd Harry Hodgins. Single road mare or gelding-lst j New Hamp, cockerel-1st Llewelyn Lloyd Horner, 2nd George Telford, 3rd Hodgins, 2nd Claude Elliott, 3rd David Smart Bros.	McDowell.
Exhibitof horses-Keith Bulmer.	New Hamp. pullet
Foal—Jerry— 1st H Sinclair, 2nd Elliott, 2nd Llewelyn Hodgins, 3rd
Newton Lewis & Son, 3rd Rabt Walsh. | David McDowell.
Foal—Guy Chenault—Smart Bros..
Foal—Tannin Collard—Claude Young Foal—Carbrook Pilot Russell.
J. L,. HODGINS
on
Ladik’s Specials
Articles in class 47—1st Mrs. Lang. Strutt, 2nd F. J. Smart, 3rd Jimmie
Aim,strong.	xv
Exhibit of new craft—1st Mrs R. W.
Hodgins, ' 2nd R. A Hodgins.
Fancy Purse—1st Art Mulligan, 2nd
R A Hodgins.
Table cover crochet
Phone 64 J.
a
Look Here
1st ' Jimmie
For Sale, Wants, Found,
Lost, etc.
Armstrong.
3 articles in class 48—1st r .1 Smart, 2nd Mrs. Ling. Strutt, 3rd Mrs. J J O’Reilly.	_ .
1st Claude
o
knitted suit, ladies—1st Robert
Smart, 2nd R. C. Horner. ^
Man’s sweater coat—1st F J Smart. Lady’s dress, crochet—1st R A Hod
1
FOR SALE — One General Purpose Mare Foal.
R. R No. 1 13-1».
Apply to Kknnkth Smii.ky Shaw ville, Que. Phone
Hog Specials
Bacon hog — 1st Harold Ilndgins, 2nd Claude Young, 3rd Robert Walsh. Exhibit of hogs—Claude Elliott.
Sheep Specials
Pure bred ram — 1st Roland Graham, 2nd Claude Elliott, 3rd Jas Me Bane. Exhibit of sheep—James McBane.
H Dalton
gins.
Lady’s pullover knitted sweater—1st Robt Smart, 2nd Mrs. R W Hodgins.
Fancy sox—1st Mrs. J J 0 Reilly, 2nd Mrs. LangfoW Strutt.
Pieced quilt—1st Mrs. Langford Strutt, 2nd Jimmie Armstrong.
1940 wool comforter—1st Clarence Dean, 2nd Dwight McDowell.
3 articles in class 46—1st Mrs. 1 Dumas, 2nd Jimmie Armstrong.
Pastel painting— 1st Mrs. Robert Fitzsimmons.
Hobbies, boy or girl—1st Ray Hobin.
Dairy Specials
Dressed roast chicken Leonard Horner, 2nd Mrs. P Dumas.
Home made Candy —1st Dalton Rus
FOR SALE—Five litters of Yorkshire Pisrs. Ready for delivery October 4th to loth. Apply to Norval Hopnkr, R. R. No. 1, Shawville. Phone 13-10.
Cattle Specials
Specials No. 31, 32,34, 35, 35 a, 37, 28, 38 a, are donated by the Shawville Creamery.
Herd Holateins—1st N D Kilgour & Sons, 2nd Art Kilgour, 3rd Iverson Harris.
Herd Ayrsbires—1st S W McKechnie, Geo T Dagg & Son, 3rd Iverson Harris.
Herd Shorthorns—1st Wm Lucas. 2nd A A Armstrong, 3rd Norval Wilson.
Holstein bull calf—N |D Kilgour & Sons, 2nd Iverson Harris, 3rd Iverson Harris.	.
Ayrshire bull calf—1st Geo T Digg & Son, '2nd S W MacKecbnie & Sons, 3rd Geo Meldrum.
Jersey bull calf—Melvin Young.
Shorthorn bull calf— Llewelyn Hod gim, 2nd Wm Lucas, 3rd J R McDowell.
Holstein neifer calf—N D Kilgour &
COUNTY COUNCIL MINUTES
FOR SALE—Massey Harris Corn Binder and Ensilage Cutter. Apply to Chah. Russell, Pine Lodge, Bristol. Phone
The regular quarterly session of the Pontiac County Council for September, 11th, 1940, held at Campbell’s Bay. Members present :—J. B. McConnell, of Alleyn & Cawood ; Thomas Burke, Allumette Island ; J. Nelson McLellan, of Bristol ; Eugare Pleau, of Chapeau ; James Poupore, of Chichester ; Wm. H. Barr, of Clarendon ; Francois Rouleau, of Grand Calumet Island ; Ferdinand Racine, of Leslie, Claphsm, etc.; J. H. H. Peever, of Litchfield; Andrew Daley, of Onslow North ; Ambrose Kennedy, Onslow South ; Chas. Brinkswortb, of Portage du Fort ; P H. McCann, of Quyon ; G. G. McDowell, of Shawville; Simon Downey, of Sheen, Ester, etc., W. D. McCleary, of Thorne ; Andrew Judd, of Waltham <fc Bryson ; E C Lawn, M L.A., of Campbell’s Bay,
In the absence of the Warden, Robt. B. Carswell, Mayor of Bryson ; J. Nelson McLellan, is appointed Chairman of „ the session on motion of Crs. Pleau and Kennedy ; the minutes of the session of June 12th, 1940, adopted as correct and without amendment, and the Council proceeds to the correspondence which the Secretary submits as 'follows, a communication from the Secretary of the County of Gatineau advising no action by the Council of the County of Gatineau relative to a motion submitted for their approval by the Council of the County of Pontiac concerning a move towards securing aid for the maintenance of the highway during winter months this item provoked a general discussion of the subject by Council and while nothing definite in the shape of any action by the County was adopted, nevertheless a movement to secure the co-operation of interested Municipalities through which the high way passes in Pontiac and in Gatineau County, was approved. A request from the Salvation Army for a grant towards their war services was tabled, and on motion of Councillors McDowell and Barr, a resolution is offered setting the matter aside until the session of March, 1941, when the annual County Budget is considered, when such grant, if found favourable, would be provided for in the 1941 levy, before the motion is put by the chair, the meeting requests the matter discussed, following the discussion, the^motion above is put by the chair, and is carried ; all the other miscellaneous correspondence is tabled and disposed of by Council.
Councillor Lawn, M L A , addresses the Chair to advise Council that he has taken up the matter of securing financial assistance for winter maintenance of the highway, with the Minister of Roads who advises him that present crucial conditions of finances has forced drastic cutting of all estimates for public works and he is sorry to report that no
this Fall or Winter ports that in the Municipalities of Qnyon, Shawville, Bryson and Chapeau, the Department of Roads are presently
4 2
ACCOUNTS WANTED
FOR SALE - Reg. Ayrshire Cow. I years old ; also for rent live room living apartment, bathroom and modern con veniences. Apnly to Mrs. Bertal Stark. Shawville. PhoTie 97
Bristol Council
All persons having cl-iim- against the C P. A S. No. 1, whether for work or material, are requested to forward tlie same in writing to the Secretary on or before Saturday, September 28th.
Directors who supervised work are especially requested to send their lists of all persons working on their jobs, stating the number of days of ,-ervice.
Sept. 3, 1940
1 at M rs
Uegnlar session held on above date, present Councilloss Beattie, Fitzsimmons, Henderson, McNeill and Orr. ____
Motion by Crs Fitzsimmons Hender- Exhibit home cooking—1st Mrs. F H son, that Councillor Beattie be appoint- Cornu, 2nd George Palmer, 3rd Mrs. P ed Mayor pro-tern.—Carried.	Dumas.
The minutes of last regular and special j Display home-made cooking—John meetings were read and on motion of Cunningham, 2nd Mrs. F H Cornu.
Crs Fitzsimmons and Orr were adopted. Loaf of bread, Western Canada Flour A letter was read from the Canadian Mills—1st Harry Hodgins, 2nd Harold Pacific Railway Company re. crossings Hodgins, 3rd Edwin Perry, in this Municipality.	Half-dozen biscuits, Blue Ribbon
Motion by Henderson Fitzsimmons, Biking Powder—iMrs. J J O’Reilly, 2nd that the following bills be approved and | ^^^HCor»u.jrdMrs._L.A .gus. p
Dumas, 2nd John Cunningham, 3rd Art Mulligan.
Exhibit by Women’s Institutes—1st Shawville, Bristol, 2nd Elmside, 3rd Fort Cou longe.
HENS FOR SALE-A number of White Leghorn year old liens Apply to Mbs. H. E. Bki.shfr, Yarm. Que. Phone
85-27.
sell
Wilson’s Garage
Sons.
Ayrshire heifer calf—1st Geo T Dagg & Son, 2nd S W MacKechnie & Sons, 3rd S XV MacKechnie & Sons.
Jersey heifer calf—1st Melvin Young, 2nd Leonard Horner, 3rd XVm Lucas.
Shorthorn heiter calf—1st J R McDowell, 2nd A A Armstrong, 3rd XVm Lucas.	.
Milch cow. any breed—1st S XV MacKechnie and Sons, 2nd C Brownlee and Sons, 3rd S W MacKechnie and Sons.
Holstein bull—1st N D Kilgour and Sons, 2nd N D Kilgour and Sons, 3rd Art Kilgour.
Ayrshire bull—1st S XV MacKecnnic, 2nd Geo T Dagg and Son, 3rd Geo T Dagg and Son.
Shorthorn bull—Newton Lewis and Son, 2nd W Lucas, 3rd J R McDowell.
Jersey bull—1st Melvin Young, 2nd Leonard Horner, 3rd Melvin Young.
Exhibit of cattle by one exhibitor— S XV MacKechnie and Sons.
R. XV. IIOlKtIN s,
Sec'ty Shuwville Fuir
The Same Reliable Serv'ce
NOTICE
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
paid :
W A McQuaig. labor on streets $13 60 Geo. Hynes & Son, funeral ex
In the matter of the Estate of the Late Albert E. Wilson, in his lifetime of the Township of Bristol.
All persons having claims against the above Estate are requested to fyle the same within fifteen days with the undersigned, and all persons owing monies to the above estate are requested to make payment forthwith to the undersigned.
WILLIAM A. WILSON,
Executor
Wyman, Quebec
Ford Service
80 00
penses .................
Peter Moyle, gravel.........
Earl Dods, "	...........
John Dods, 11 ................
Edwin Pirie, "	...........
T. Gallagher, “	..........
Mrs Richard Russett, sand.. Peter Doherty, labor on road Est. (J. J. Caldwell, powder etc.
E.	A. Pritchard, spikes.......
F.	Dowe, hauling gravel.......
A. Chabot, 64	11	.....
Gatineau Power Company,
lights ..................
Geo. Henderson, collecting garbage .........................
Hilliard Beattie, spikes çtc.. Robt. Russett, services re. dog taxes ........................
7 00
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
7 00
Horse Specials
Foal of season, any breed — 1st Keith 3 001 Buhner, 2nd H Dalton Russell, 3rd 10 50 I (jiaude Elliott.
Single Agricultural in harnses—1st L 31 78 I A Smart, 2nd Dawson Armstrong, 3rd 2 10 I Newton Lewis & Son.
48 00 Clyde stallion—1st J A Horner, 2nd 2 <)0 G A Howard, 3rd J A Tracy.
I Single general purpose, in harness— 77 28 1st A R Smiley, 2nd Jas A Tracy, 3rd I Milton McGuire.
Percheron stallion — 1st Kilard John-
4 00
2 00
J.P. Wilson
2 25
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
Poultry
Birred rock male—1st Wm Howard, | % 2nd Llewelyn Hodgins.
Barred rock, female—1st David McDowell. 2nd Claude Elliott.
White leghorn, male—1st David McDowell, 2nd Claude Elliott.
White leghorn, female—1st George Meldrum. 2nd Leonard Horner.
Aov, male—1st Robt Mulligan. 2nd Ray Hobio.
Aov, female—1st Mrs. R Fitzaim mons, 2nd Harold Hammond.
Pen barred rocks—Llewelyn Hodgins, 2nd Harold Hodgins, 3rd Claude Elliott.
Pen white leghorns—1st Leonard Horner, 2nd Llewelyn Hodgins, 3rd Claude Elliott.
Pen A.O.V.—1st Leonard Horner, 2nd Llewelyn Hodgins, 3rd Harold Hammond.
Turkey, male—1st Lewelyn Hodgins, 2nd Mrs. R Fitzsimmons
Turkey, female—1st Llewely Hodgins, 2nd Art Mulligan.
Gander —1st Art Mulligan. 2nd Llewelyn Hodgins.
Goose—1st Llewelyn Hodgins, 2nd Claude Elliott.
Duck, male—1st Llewelyn Hodgins. 2nd Carl Dale	i
Duck, female—1st Llewelyn Hodgins, ' 2nd Carl Dale.	_	l
New Hamp., ccck— John Cunning
QQnQQQQKf
nnYiTATmnnnnnnrjnnnnnYin
48 00
6 I3 I ston, 2nd Gordon Richardson.
I One year-old light—1st Art Kilgour, 20 00 j 2nd Allen Horner.
Motion by Crs McNeill-Orr, that in j One year old, heavy—1st Keith Bill-
future all unauthorized brlls from what- mer, 2nd Ken Woods, 3rd H Dalton
ever source be refused by this Board Russell.	_.
and that George Hynes Son receive I Belgian stallion—1st G A Howard.
special notice of this motion.—Carried.	Single draft, in harness—1st Smart
Motion by Or. ««*—.*<*?	1
SIS and'senUo Ilf partis who°have ^landW breed stallion—1st B C
not paid any nr insufficient dog (axes	Agricultural team in harness—1st L
according to the report of the officer. ^ ^ gnd Newton Lewis & Son, 3rd sent out by the Council and ‘.hat the Dawaon Armstrong, date for accepting dog taxes wKhont »	^raft team in harness-1st Keith
fine expire on October 7th, 1940.- Bl]!mer 2nd Dawson Armstrong.
Carried.	Two year old, draft—1st Keith Bui-
A request, from the owner of Lot 4-B, meP 2nd Iverson Harris, 3rd Norval Range 3 and Lot 4 », Range 4, re. keen ing the sideroad along this property for winter traffic was refused by
.
The Hodgins Lumber Go.
%

CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
SI
Wilson.
General purpose team iu harness—1st A R Smiley, 2nd Milton McGuire, 3rd Eldrid Mee.
Two year-old, light—Art Kilgour, 2nd Geo. Knox.
Road team—1st W J Smith, 2nd Eldrid Mee, 3rd A R Smiley.
Driving by boy or girl—1st W Moore, 2nd W J Smith, 3rd Mrs. Seed Sly. Single carriage—1st W J Smith, 2nd Eldrid Mee, 3rd W J Smith.
Hitch and unhitch—1st A R Smiley, 2nd Wm Howard.
open the Board
Phone 27
Councillor Henderson gave notice that he will at the next regular meeting of this Council introduce a By Law imposing a tax on every dollar of taxable property in this Municipality.
On motion of Cr Orr the meeting adjourned.
THE HODGINS LUMBER COMPANY
are available for this project
He further re-
Shawville,
Quebec

H. I. Smith
Sec. Treaa,
ZiZiZiZiVlZiZlZiZI/iZlZiZIZlZlZiZi/fZiZ'ZiZiZiAyi^A^
###PAGE###5###
lrJH3
GARD OF THANKS
11» i Hiwfii wi w


The Equity
FALL SPECIALS
SERVING AGRICULTURE
We wish tooxtend our heartfelt thanks to all who so kindly assisted and for the words of sympathy and beautiful Hoial offerings extended at the death of our beloved mother, Mrs. Geo. G. FIodgins.
The Hod gins family.
Established 1883
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILLB, QUEBEC
A great many of our Branches are located in Agricultural centres and all banking services are conveniently available.
Savings and Checking. Accounts.
Loans, pending receipts and income.
Cashing of Cheques—Produce Tickets etc;
Money Orders and Drafts for remittances;
Each Branch is in charge of a Manager who is in touch with conditions and ready to assist in any possible direction.
Know Your Bank—it can be useful to you.
I
annual subscription
Canada .. $1.50
Cents’ Furnishing Department
Anywhere m To United States.
2.00
Mens All-wool Sweater Coats, Colours, Blue, Wine and Brown, all sizes, Special $1.69
Mens Fine Qualty Sweater Coats,
Colors Blue, Brown, Grey or Green $2.35
Mens Heavy Sweater Coats, Colors
Wine Blue and Black. Special $2.50 to $3.00
Mens Neva-Wet Windbreakers, Fancy Color Combinations, all sizes.....
Windbreakers
Colors Navy and Brown, an Acme Product. Special ..............
Heavy Renfrew Cloth Windbreakers, All 100 p.c. Wool, Brown or Fancy Colors. Special.........
Cemetery Donations
must be paid in full Is discontinue
All arrears before any paper
Mr. John R. McDowell, Secretary -Treasurer of Maple Grove Cemetery, acknowledges with thanks the following donations :
Mrs. Harry Millar, Ottawa W. E. N. Hodgins, Ottawa
G. COWAN, PUBLISHER
w
Service Announcement
$2.00
2.00
Shaw VILLE United Church Rkv A. F. Forks B. A., B.D. l’AStor
Sunday, Sept. 20 Service at Sbawville
of
The
Motor inside Airplane Wing
Development of a new type of aircraft engine designed to fit entirely within a thin airplane wing was an-
$5.50 ^ I nounced here yesterday by Harry
Woodhead, president of the Aviation Manufacturing corporation.
The new motor develops 1,200 horse power and has 12 cylinders in two banks of six each. The banks are 180 degrees apart so the motor is virtually flat. As such it is said to be one of the first ever developed of its type.
Woodhead said the engine was 37 inches high, 44 inches wide, and that it was built so that it could be installed in a thick root of a bomber transport plane. The engine is
liquid cooled.
Power is transmitted to the pro- busan rriCO, peller by an extension shaft By its	pu:]:
use in multi-motored planes, he said, a eter au ups
speeds could be increased 15 per
cent.
11.00 a m 1.30 p.m.—Service at Zion 3.00 p.m.—Service at Stalk’s Corners
and afternoon points,
when the
EST: 1132-OVER A CENTURY OF BANKING EXPERIENCE
At morning
special Rally Day services Sunday schools and congregations are uniting for worship. Printed worship and brief talk by the Minister.
Service at Sbawville
Mens Fancy Wool
program 7.30 p.m
Rally service in charge of the Y.P.U., when all young people are invited.
$3.50
Results of Trials of Speed Seville Fair
Friday, September 20th
2.27 Class

Bristol United Church Rkv. C. Armstronq-Salkh B, D
Sunday, Sept. 29
St. Andrew’s, Sunday School
Service at
Sunday School Rally Day Service
Sunday School Service at
Norman United Church North Clarendon, Quecec
The last session of Sunday School and Bible Class will be held in the church Sunday, Sept. 29th at 2 00 pm. will be followed with Rally Day Service to which all are invited An offering for the Missionary Maintenance Fund will be received
$4.25 to $4.50
Heats
Place
Horse
Owner
or
10.00
School Boys Windbreakers, Acme Quality, Fancy Color Combination, Green, Brown and Blue. Sizes 10 years to 16 years. 'Special
Perth C. Bay
Sbawville Quyon Ottawa Beachburg
2
1
1
Burke,
Proudfoot,
11.00
Y A :
2.00
2 3
3
Knox,
3.00
St
4
4 1
McKay,
Dan Hall,
Princess Worthy, Moyle, Direct Patch,
10.30
Austin
7.30
6
5
1
5
2
6
F oster,
War Cost
The estimated money cost of the World war to the United States government to June 30, 1934. was $41,765,000,000, as shown by the annual report of the secretary of the treasury for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1934. This does not include the cost of veterans’ bonuses and other items which have developed îs a result of the war.
5
2
6
Conolly,
Time—2 15, 2-17 and 2 14
Dan C,
y
7
$3.35 to $3.65

on
This
Saturday, September 21
2.20 Class
Proud foot Bourgon,
Burke.
and
/
l
l
l
Boys Heavy School Breeka. Color Navy Blue, sizes 26 to SO Special Price.....
C. Bay
Prescott Perth Sbawville Ottawa Time—2-08, 2-08 and 2-07
Lord Durham, William,
Northern Byron, Rex Gratton, Direct Patch.
>8
>
2
2 2
ANGLICAN Sunday, Sept. *29 St Paul’s
—Sunday School


3
3
3
/
Airplanes Fly Below Sea Level in Some Places
i Airplanes have flown at more extreme negative altitudes than any submarine is capable of going. Except for test dives that have taken a single United States naval submarine down to a depth of 350 feet, naval submarines are seldom operated at any depth greater than necessary for getting out of sight and avoiding danger of collision with surface vessels. This is easily accomplished by cruising at a depth of from 45 to 65 feet below the surface of the sea. At any greater depths the submarine is blind; it retains vision only by keeping its periscope above water.
On the other hand, there are numerous places on earth over which aircraft have flown, or are capable of flying below sea level. In Death Valley National monument, in California, for example, aircraft are constantly landing and taking off from an airport that is 210 feet below sea level. An airplane skimming the surface of Russia's Caspian sea would be flying approximately 85 feet below sea level ; and it could fly up the Volga river 'for several hundred miles on a course farther below sea level than naval submarines habitually cruise.
The surface of the Sea of Galilee lies farther below sea level than any naval submarine is capable of going with any hope of ever returning to the surface. But for some real “submarine” acrobatic flying, we have only to send our aircraft skimming over the Dead sea of Palestine. There, any competent aviator may start a power dive or spin at sea level, lose 1,000 feet of altitude, then resume level flight with 300 feet of negative altitude to spare!
4
4
5
Cotie,
Foster,

9
$1.49
10.00	a.m
11.00	a m 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
x\
5 5

4
Holy Communion
Holy Trinity Harvest Thanksgiving Seivice 10.00a .m —Sunday School 3.00 p.m—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s
Service Withdrawn
Boot and Shoe Department Specials
Free-for-all
“The Lucky
Growing Girls School Oxfords
Princess” Colors Rust and Black. Special $1.98
1
2
1
Prescott Hull
Sbawville Mattawa Pembroke Time—2-14, 2-11 and 2-11
Bourgon,
Poulin,
Fulford,
Turcotte,
Victor Patch, Coronation Boy, Jack Harvester, Shawker Belina,
2
1
2
4 4
3
Growing Girls Fancy Suede Oxfords
Colors, Black, Rust and Navy Blue. All New Fall Stock
3
5
4
North Clarendon Parish
Kev. K. Bolton, Incumbent
Sunday, Sept. 29
5
3
5
Infringer Gratton, Pounder,
$2.25
Special
North Onslow, Morning Prayer 10.30 Thorne Centre, Evening Prayer 2 30 OhMteris, Evening Prayer
7.30
Misses Fancy Patent Dutch Oxfords
“La Tosca” Sizes 11 to 2 .......
$1.75
Bristol School Board
Womens Fancy and Patent, Gore “La
Tosca” Special
Sept. 9th, 1940
ESTABLISHED 1883
$2.25
met on
Btistol School Commissioners
Chairman Woods
ee *#
above date, present,	. .
and Commissioners Stewart and Walsh.
The minutes oblast meeting were read and on motion of Comr Stewart were
Motion by Comr. Walsh, that No. 3 School windows be boarded up, books, globe, etc, . removed and the door
securely locked
Motion by Comr Stewart, that a rate of nine mills on the dollar be levied on
under the control of the
COACH
INVALID
Grocery Specials
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Assorted Jam—any flavor—small jar Assorted Jam and Marmalade, med. jar 15c
Pure Marmalade.........
Apple and Strawberry Jam Pure Strawberry Jam 4 lb Pail Apple and Strawberry Jam
Pure Marmalade........
Large Pail Peanut Butter........
10c
Directors of Funeral Service
.large jar 26c
25c
SI
S I
Sbawville, Que.
property
school year 1940—41.	,
Motion by Conor. Walsh, that the
following bills be approved and paid
G. T. Paul, insurance on school
"	32c
ii
Phone 83
49c
59c
• 4
$59 83
bus
49c
D. A. Macfarlane, insurance on
No. 9 school..............
James Marks, cleaning No. 6..
H. L Smith, paints, varnishes and supplies to schools .
Mrs. E. Dean, work aud supplies to No. 6................
L R Keon, supplies to schools A. H. Dean, w ork at Nos. 1,
4 and 9 schools..........
E A. Pritchard, supplies to
schools...................
Est. C. J. Caldwell, supplies to
schools ....	.........
Andrew Daley, auditing......
A letter was read from the Department of Education re free education for children from the British Isles, Motion by Comr. Stewart, that this Board agree to provide free education for 20 children from grades 1 to 7 and
none for the higher grades.
A letter was read from Inspector
Dickson re No. 5 school. The Sec Trees, was instructed to answer
^Motion by Comr Stewart, that the Chairman and Sec Treas be appointed to sign a contract with Harold r ulford re, conveyance of pupils from No. 1
district to No. 9 school.
On motion of Cumr Walsh, the meet
ing adjourned.
53 55 2 50
90 20
MacLean’s
9 25
11 45
Badger Makes Comeback
The badger is coming back as a commercially important fur-bearing animal if the reports of western Michigan trappers may be taken as a reliable indication.
A native Michigan animal, the badger has been relatively scarce in the state for the last few years, says the Detroit News. In counties bordering Lake Michigan where extensive trapping is carried on, the catch of badger has been light for at least the last 10 years. But fur buyers covering the western part of the state in 1940 found prime pelts frequent and seconds and small pelts much more numerous than on preceding trips.
Prices varied widely, depending on the size and condition of the pelt. One fur buyer established a scale ranging from 50 cents for inferior specimens to as much as $5.50 for prime large pelts.
RED & WHITE STORE
75 25
4 95
id vj» -ê è 'è <a> é ê ê
1 V

The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves"
I I
ft 30
House For Sale
24 00
House and Lot on King Street, and several household effects, belonging to the late Mrs. John Eides. For particulars apply to
Break Up That
25c
Rolled Wheat, 5 lbs. package
Rolled Oats, per lb................
Wheatena, per lb...................
Walker’s Salted Sodas. I lb. package .
per lb...............
5c
JOHN B ARMSTRONG,
Cold With
5c
O R
12c
THOMAS EADES,
Sbawville, Quebec
6c
BAYER
ASPIRIN
Macaroni.
Tapioca,
Sago,
Broken Rice
Blue Rose Rice, "	" ..................
Peanut Butter, Ice box jar.............
Maple Butter, large tin................
Sandwich Spread, per jar...............
National Soap Chips, large package.....
Cassia Buds, Whole Allspice. Celery Seed,
Curry Powder and Tumeric, per pkg......
G.M. Pickling Spice, 2 oz package......
this
12c
4 •
No Trespassing-
All persons found trespassing on Lots 138, 229 and 240 of the Village of Campbell’s Bay, Pontiac County, Que., will be prosecuted.
MRS. MARGARET STILES,
Owner
12c
4 4
4 4
6c
I 4
< 4
Three Sizes
8c
25c
25c
Costs less than one cent a tablet
H. I. Smith, Sec.-Treas
No Chemical Shortage
No shortage of dyes and other coal-tar chemicals because of the war in Europe ia expected. Whereas in HHlHHBHM
ported more than 90 per cent of her
dyes and other coal-tar chemicals, such as medicinals, the country now imports less than 10 per cent and is in fact on an export basis. The imported items are specialty chemicals which, if necessary, can be produced here.
25c
25c
Farms For Sale or Rent
Pulpwood Wanted
1914 the United States im-
Three good farms for sale or rent, fairly good buildings, lots of water on each place, light and heavy land six miles from Quyon, good gravel road, close to school and church ; also good mixed Bush Lot for sale. Apply to
Sc
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balaam pulpwood, F.O.B. car» on C. N. or 0. P railways, delivered to road side for pick up by trucks Phone or write,
THE CORNER STORE
Sc
10c
4
4 «
I 4
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and CentreSta • HAWVILLE. - QUE.
• • • •
or
MR. P. J. DOLAN,
R. R. No» 3, Quyon, Que
J. M ARGUE, Sbawville, Que
Phone 76

###PAGE###6###
FORTY-ONE PILOTS RECEIVE WIN as AT CAMP BORDEN CEREMONY
VOICE


THE
? n
O F
Saving Ontario’s Natural
Resources




\
PRESS
m
!
4 <

là
right word for it
scarcely know what to
make of the situation between
Italy and Greece, but the Greeks
:"‘",-KU.rWte.3,Ld,rd.
not all pleasure
the headaches of bring to mind
THE


V. I*.
$
We
Rü
m
!
«

i :

No. 8
r/
(By G. C. Toner)
BACKING THE PROJECT
wild life
r
m

Hitler nnd his new Europe the widow who was having ho much trouble with the estate she almost wished her husband hadn t
died.
X
Conservation of our depends on the maintenance of the soil and the waters. Destruction of either one should not be permitted and where this has o<> «Hired in the past means should he taken to restore conditions as moon as possible. Luther swamp «s of vital concern to everyone to southwestern Ontario. We can all help in the work of conservation by backing the project for the restoration of this area to its
original condition.
The Ontario Federation of Anglers is vitally interested n tills whole project which we told you about in our column of last week A committee appointed under the chairmanship of Dr. H. C. Douglas, Owen Sound, recently inspected the swamp and the drainage ditches. This committee reports that the construction of an eight foot dam across the Black river would restore the water levels of the swamp.



Winnipeg Tribune.
EMPHASIS on “DO”
That quaint and friendly expression of the West, “pleased to meet you," has almost disappeared. It, was a stereotyped, « sometimes insincere greeting, and has been replaced by the old time formula “how do you do, which is more conventional and which commits its use-, to noth-

»s •'

Pi



.

I

ing.
—Vu term Daily Colonist A CITIZEN'S PRIVILEGE
Ottawa would do well to encourage the expression of informed criticism, even when this is directed at military measures, provided it not helpful to the
enemy.
This is






pinned the coveted wings on his breast.
V

not the Government's private win. It -is the people’» war. They are going to pay for
in health and in
treasure. They have a right to be curious about policies adopted and steps taken. They have a right to make suggestions and offer constructive criticwm. That is the privilege of citizenship in a democracy.
at the widest point. The interior is fitted with submarine equipment, blowers, oxygen apparatus, air pump, respirator, and storage batteries. Already Mr. Connett has made 300 trips in his queer fish, and has travelled as far as fourteen miles under water in a single journey. As his periscope is only four feet long, he usually runs at a depth of three feet below the waves, but he has been down to thirty.
landed in Egypt, to be despatched immediately to fronts "somewhere in the Middle East.
$3,861,053,312 Contract
last week the
Education Under
Nazis Declines
in life.
it
WAR-WEE K—Commentary-on Current Events
THE
In Washington United States placed orders for 201 warships involving an outlay of $3,861,053,312 — the largest defence contract ever let In American history The order followed a few hours after President Roosevelt’s signature of the $5,251,000,000 defense appropriation bill at Hyde Park. The United States’ gigantic preparedness program was moving
ahead.
“Come All Against Her, England Yet Shall Stand
Girls Are No Longer Allowed Higher Education In Czechoslovakia—In More Recently Occupied Lands, School-Life Is Disrupted
Edmonuri Journal
<,f the industry with-
Daladier and Paul Reynaud, and the former Commander of the Allied Forces, Gen. Marie-Gustave Gamelin. Their detention was ordered under authority of a decree law drawn up by Daladier himself when war broke out September 3, 1939, providing for internment of persons considered dangerous to national defence and public Word -une from Vichy
co-operation out a public announcement.
There 5s just about enough Rinsed in cooking utensils in Canada to make a
The final death struggle between Britain and Germany appeared last week to have begun. The German Air Force was throwing its colossal strength into an “all-out” attack against the British Isles, with three main objectives : the destruction of the fighting power of the Royal Air Force; paralysis of Britain’s supply system by sea and by land; the shattering of civilian nerves, the breaking of the people’s morale in the face of an imminent
invasion.
Great
through the most soul-destroying experience in her history, held on grimly with a three-fold hope: that the blockade against Ger-would soon become serious
Documentary files kept in Paris before the French surrender showed that in the first year of German occupation in Czechoslovakia 60,000 Czech and 40,000 Moravian and Slovak youths, many of them university students of medicine, law end philosophy, were sent into Germany to work on the land. Thousands of others left their schools to to France and then to Eng-
Aluminum Goes Into Aircraft
unirum
U. 6. After World Supremacy
Commenting on domestic affairs, the U. S. columnist, Raymond Clapper, wrote last week: “Our role is to seize world naval and air sup-rem&cy . . . Our role is to be hardheaded and shrewd and to play with
cold calculation for the stakes that
. . Our role
every year thousand airplanes.
CANADA TOP ALUMINUM PRODUCER
Canada produces more aluminum capita than any other coun-ln the woild and 1» climbing rapidly toward the top in total production. British plane factories are
on Canad-
/
Rationed For Dominion Now —Being Diverted From Cooking Utensils to Plane Manufacture
The most ruthless rationing Canadians encounter In this war has just been Initiated In the case of aluminium, says a story In the Toronto Globe and Mail. It will be gradual In some cases, abrupt In others, depending on the time in-¦ takes to complete articles in process of manufacture. Aluminum cooking utensils arc the prohibited list and as soon as present factory production is completed not another aluminum dish will be made in Canada until
alrplain'reQuirements are filled.
During the last session of Parliament Munitions Minister C. D. Howe forecast the restrictions, but the present rationing system has been put into effect with the full
the
per
security . that a new Cabinet had been formed under Marshal Petain. It included Pierre Laval as vice-premier and General Charles Buntzinger as
minister of war. Marshal
try
• #
•scape __ land. Some of them, at 17 years beak pilots to fight against Ger-
are within our grasp .
assist the British to hold out
relying more /nd
aluminum and action to control In non-essential products
same
many.
more
is to____
so that they can preserve their sea
We must solidify the
ian
GIRLS RESTRICTED Girls no longer are allowed higher education in Czecho slovakia. In a country which had 80 women members of parliament, 1,600 wo-doctors and several women
the new------	„ _, ,
Petain took over the office of chief
of state and Gen. Maxime Wegand was designated to go to North Afin charge of all political and
military matters.
Armed Peace In Balkans
Out of the spotlight for the time being, the Balkans were nevertheless still seething. King Carol, accompanied by his sweetheart Madame Lupescu and riding in a bullet-pocked train, had escaped Into exile, leaving his country In a state of turmoil. The Rumanian masses, under the heel ot Antonescu’s military dictatorship, were already In a state ot near-revolt, while religious persecution campaigns cornered thousands of hapless individuals . . . German troops moved up to police the Rumanian border with the Soviet Union - a United Press dispatch estimated that 1,000,000 German soldiers faced the Red Army along a line from Norway to the Black Sea ... A military move against Yugoslavia appeared in the offing — the magazine ‘ Newsweek quoted from highly-placed diplomatic sources that the Axis has prepared complete plans for. den occupation by Italian troops of the Dalmatian coast; 2, simultaneous German move across the Croatian border; and overthrow of Prince Paul's regency, establishing in its place a puppet Axis gox em-
power . western hemisphere.” . . .
its use
has been taken In time to keep with the needs, officials say.
shuddering
Britain,
Birdmen From Canada At. home in Canada, the deputy-minister of defence for air, James S. Duncan, announced that thousands of fighting pilots, air gunners and observers trained in Canada would "soon” start streaming toward England to fight with the R. A F. "Our task,” he said. Me to provide the United Kingdom with an ever-increasing flow of air crews, whose arrival overseas Is to coincide with ever-increasing supply of aircraft from British and
American sources.” ...
The Canadian-Ameriean joint defense board sat in Washington discussing air and navrl bases, strategic highways, military supplies for Canada. As a result of its decision, it was expected fas one Canadian writer expressed it) that Be-
the Union Jack and the and Stripes will fly together
Canadian strongholds on At
. Before
pace
Canadian National Railways Revenues
rlca
duetry
now :
men
senators, In which girls might even become Judges and ambassadors,
longer attend high
many	^ .
enough to cripple the Nazi x*ar
machine; that the relentless attacks of the R.A.F. could disrupt German industrial and commercial life, ward off an invasion;
that the Nazi air effort would exhaust itself before British endurance came to an end.
A “50-50 Chance”
In Berlin, high-ranking Nazis declared that new waves of German bombers flying against London would carry out remorseless and incessant warfare until (according to a United Press dispatch), “the smoking ruins of industrial and military objectives, decimation of the British Air Force and shattered morale of British people bring into power a government that will accept German terms.” The terms regarded as unconditional
girls may no school.
So too in Poland where the great university of Cracow, one of the oldest in the world, functions only in part Of Its professors some 160 were put in concentration camps and the student body was scattered. Armies of them till the soli a
Nazi bidding.
In Holland, Belgium, Denmark end Norway schools have been destroyed, educational systems disrupted and teachers driven into ex
of the ali-
en
The gross revenues inclusive Canadian National Railways System for the week ending September ?, 3940, were $4,696,182 as compared with ......... 4.16',611
for the corresponding
period of 3930, an in crease of ..............
HI
$	530.671
or 12.7%
By Fred Neher
LIFE'S LIKE THAT
Ik.
In Belgium and Luxembourg the «ollegiates and universities have been emptied and thousands of students have taken to the refugee mads on bicycles. Many of them faax their return to their own country for Germany has announced they must work In the fields, forests and factories to support the Nazi war machine.
Z
//
fore long Stars
Z
the
over
lantic and Pacific coast . . long Canadian pilots will fly over American soil and American pilots Canadian soil.” . . .
/ /
were
capitulation.
U. S. Secretary of the Navy Frank Knox last week gave Britain a "better than 60-50 chance” to hold out. He declared that the existence of the British fleet bottled up the German navy and that the Nazis had been unable to establish sufficient air supremacy to make surface invasion of England fcas-. . Lieutenant-General Sir
over
sud-
I
534,000,000 Bushels
had not been going in the Canad-
lf the war
on, the bumper crop
West (more bumper even than would have been head-day of the week
SCOUTING . .

!
ian
last year)
line news every
. and the problem of what to
do' with 534,000.000 bushels of 1940 would have occupied the
. Never-

N
o
x
,1
Ironically, a new headquarters for the Boy Scouts Association of Warsaw, Poland, completed shortly before the German invasion, is now occupied as a headquarters by the infamous German Gestapo.
# # *
As in Canada, Great Britain and elsewhere throughout the Empire, the Boy Scouts of India are busy at many kinds of wartime service. Patrols of Bombay Scouts are attached to air raid posts throughout the city, and a further 100 Scout cyclists are constantly standing by for any emergency
o

ment . . .
Brewing In The Mediterranean
Italy was defin ely up to some» thing big in the Mediterranean basin meanwhile — either the long-threatened drive against the Suez Canal; or an early attempt to occupy French-mandated Syria. Associated Press correspondent Edward E. Bomar expressed the opin-that in view of Italy's limited ____ i in oil and other munitions, the restlessness of the Italian public, something more decisive than the odd air raid on British bases or convoys was on the books . . . Ready to deal with any new action In the war’s southern theatre, Britain was busy reinforcing her Near East fighting forces with thousands of troops
%
o
wheat
main field of attention . . theless the government was busy on a plan whereby cash might be advanced to farmers for the wheat they must keep at home — there would be no room to store it in the
!//
ible .
Ronald Adam, General Officer Commanding the Northern Command in Great Britain, told the people that the next fifteen days would show them "what is to happen" with regard to a Naxi invasion. If the R. A. F. could retain mastery of the air until September 21, he intimated, Britons could then prepare for a great offensive against Germany______Meantime the world knew
that enormous help would be coming to Britain from the United SUtes In the form of planes, ammunition and other war material.
Our Ex-Allies
Three Important leaders of old
arrested during the
o
X


elevators.

Lives in a Fish
Probably the only person in the world to own a private submarine is Mr. Barney Connett, of Chicago, who has a home-made affair which resembles a huge fish, complete with mouth, eye?, fins, tail, and scales. It is 11 ft. long, 37 ins. high, and 23
ion
!
resources



x &

U
calls for messengers.
it. i
“__And stay out until I get my houseclc*rung done

The Boy Scout woodcraft cooking competition held at the Canadian National Exhibition, and open to Scout Troops throughout the province, was won by a p&-trol of the 14th Toronto Troop. Second place went to the 1st Huntsville Troop, followed in order by three Toronto Troops, the 26th, 68th and 96th. The cooking was judged by the head chefs frem the Royal York Hotel and Eaton’s Georgian Room and the incidental woodcraft features by Scout Field Secretaries A. E. Paddon and Herbert Greenway. The young outdoor chefs were required to prepare a camp meal for six persons the menu comprising broiled beefsteak, boiled potatoes, a fresh vegetable, stewed fresh fruit and coffee. Fireplaces were to be built of logs or stones, and various camp kitchen gadgets used at Scout camps were permitted. It is planned to make the competition an
annual event
France were week, former Premiers Edouard
ins.
By GENE BYRNES
The Cloak Room
REG’LAR FELLERS

DV -
/ HEY, FELLERS /
I t SEE A PLACE L ACROSS THEj '[ PARK/LETS
¦ — SO/
YOU KIDS WILL HAVE TO BEAT ITT/ MY CUSTOMERS CAN'T QET EITHER rr% IN OR OUT
*v. r
OH, BOY, ITS BEGINNING | TO RAIN/ LETS HEAD J t> FOR A DOORWAY/ f
m


% z

f
<>
4

/

Z
z

y A
j l/; ÿ
* ,


w-




/

I
/

/

v

/

?' I
I <
/

%d
1

a

7
A \
V ?
r\
*>
I
V
'y
• 9
My..



W

0




? • •
JB
. GUU. UliLLCt QliKULxAL weqeWlCiLE
fM
r I

1
?
I

â
y
j
Set V. S. Pmi OiiUt. AlljrtfHts r—r*4
rj
-10 L2
\
###PAGE###7###
</
bread crumbs tossed in butter. Place enough water to cover the bottom in baking pan in which the peppers are to be cooked. Pake ten minutes in a hot oven.
T
%
T
Big Hats Replace ‘Silly Little Ones’

v
A
For Better Desserts
A
%

L
B
A
, %
X AX ^ A
May Be of Fur; Models of Leopard Are Most Alluring
Peppers with Spaghetti
K
L

6 green peppers 1 medium sized can spaghetti
Salt and buttered crumbs
Wash peppers, cut off the tops
Place
s
E
New York.—Th© men who have had a lot to say about "silly littl© hats” may now turn their attention to poking fun at big hats, for the silhouette of today is as topheavy as a sunflower. The big hat may be a fur hat or it may be one that gives the effect of a little girl with her mother’s hat on, but fashion has said that is the way to look, fall, 1940. But the small hat may be so interesting and so capable of holding its own in the fashion scene that it, too, will add variety to the hat world. The leopard will give up his skin to the milliner this year, and the hats she already has evolved from them are so alluring that
with an old leopard well got it out and the milliner with all speed.
I

By SADIE B. CHAMBER*
and remove the seeds, peopers in steamer for 8 minutes. Drain and cool, filling with spaghetti. Dust lightly with salt and with buttered crumbs.
Place in casserole and add a small amount of water.

Corn Starch

PEPPERS ADD FLAVOR AND FAVOR
Last week I had two requests for “Stuffed Peppers”, and since I consider it one of the novel dishes for luncheon or supper which always meet with approval and mark any menu as “different”, I am giving you some of r various recipes for this spicy product:


cover
D20
t#	$ torch Ce. ltd
Bake untender and the
TREAT THE BOYS
til the peppers are crumbs on top a golden brown.
TO HEALTHFUL,
REFRESHING
HILLS of DESTINY
READERS WRITE IN!
Miss Chambers welcomes personal letters from readers. She is pleased tD receive
topics
interested
my
WRIGLEY’S P.K.
. by Agnes Louise Provost
for her
suggestions on column, and is even ready to liv
“pet peeves.” Reor special
Liver-Stuffed Peppers
For this dish any other cooked meat might be used, ham are especially good.
2	cups ground cooked liver One-third cup soft breadcrumbs 1 tablespoon butter % cup milk or stock
1	cup cooked corn
3	tablespoons chopped onion
2	teaspoons salt *4 teaspoon pepper 6 green peppers
Cut a slice from the top o. the peppers, remove the seeds and steam for 8 minutes.
Mix the	liver,	crumbs,	corn,
onion and melted fat seasonings and milk or stock together. Fill the steamed pepper shells with the mixture and cover the tops with buttered crumbs and a little sprinkle of	grated	cheese.
Place in	baking	dish and	bake
foi 30 minutes in a moderate over until	peppers are	tender
and the top a golden brown.
Get several cartons of Wrigley'* P.K. today—or an assorted box of 20 cartons. Include several packages in your Overseas parcels. P.K. helps relieve tension and fatigue. 12 delicious candy-coated P.K. in each H carton.
—-----
any person skin may as go to
TOP HEAVY AS SUNFLOWERS Green and leopard is an unbeatable combination, daring to chal-brown and leopard. Beige, and putty shades will take ;i brown furs. Brown with these shades will be green's rival. Big hats, pins of fur, fur rolls, fur chin-straps and fur bandeaux are a few of the ways of using fur on hats
ten to your queiti for menus are in order. Address your letters to “Miss Sadie B Cham-73 West Adelaide Street,
hicken or
recipes
' thought,” he snapped. “Business isn’t done that way.”
“Then you refuse?”
“Certainly. It was a bona fide transaction, the property is mine and I mean to keep it.”
“Then I’m afraid I shall have to tell you that your deed is worthless. Matt Blair had only a half ownership of the Circle V to will to his daughter, other owner, and no deed can pass without my signature.”
“Prove it!” Bradish’s face was
purple.
SYNOPSIS
Hcllister returns unexpectedly from * trip abroad to find
Matt P air, his foster father and owner cf the Circle V ranch, dead
hand. The ranch is go-and Matts daughter
of the,ranch,
Lre
er*,
Toronto.” Send stamped, self-addressed envelope if you wish
longe
cream
by his own
ing to rum Virginia, new owner
in New York with the
a reply.

on
Naturalness Is
1940 Keynote
is living
Archers her aunt and uncle. Her wants her to sell the ranch
~OtUCfO^_
I’m the

uncle
to Milter Bradish, one time Matts
Lee persuades Virginia to the ranch. Her aunt
CT
this season.
associate.
This Fall’s Smart Girls Are Passing Up “Sophisticated” Effects — Fresh, Unspoiled Look In Favor
to return follows her. accompanied by Stan-cf Milton Bradish. Stanley discredit Lee in Virginia's
First Marmalade In Days of Henry 8
Brother and Sister Costume for Mother to Make
“YOU WIN !”
“I have the deed with me. I always carry it because your friend Slanty Gano has a habit of going through my cabin when he thinks I'm not around. The deed was made out while I was away, only a short time before Matt died. He wrote me about it. but the letter missed me and followed me back here. He said that he had done it as a proof of his affection and confidence, that I was to come back and the two of us were to run the place in full partnership and make a
The deed was
ley, son tries tc
eyes. One evening Josefa Ramirez, jealous of Lee's interest in Virginia, dances for Lee and she throws h;rself into his arms just as Virginia rides past with Stanley. Stanley visits Josefa, and is snot ambush. Virginia feels that •j working against her inter-and decides to sell the ranch
The smartest girl—fall 1940 style —is a perfectly groomed, naturallooking beauty with shorter hair, shorter nails and shorter skirts.
Long bobs are not so long. Clawlike, ix) in ted nails are considered old hat. Pinafores and the knee-length sports skirt, worn with longer socks and requiring smooth, white knees, are style news of the hour.
Both the shorter skirts and the pinafores give their wearers fresh, unspoiled look with which heavily made up eyes and siren nails would be incongruous. This fall’s debutante will try to look like glorified version of herself—not like a movie star or her sophisticated older sister.
She’ll consider soap and water her best friends, using them to clean her hair once a week as well as for a daily, tub or shower and twice daily face and neck cleanings.
Ultra chic is the new “cap” coiffure which one of the best hairdressers recommends especially for college. The hair is cut quite short, the crown left smooth and straight, with the ends all the way around finished in little ringlets.
who is
We use oranges to make marmalade, but the first marmalade made of quinces, and the


was
word is derived from the Latin name of the quince “malomel-lum.” Marmalade is first heard
of in the reign of Henry VIIT. In a letter of this king to Lady Lisle, he “most heartily thank-eth her good ladyship for her marmarlo." From another letter of Lady Lisle we learn that the king wrote, asking for a fresh supply of the delicacy. Pepye enjoyed marmalade, and writes in his famous Diary: “After S good dinner, left my wife and Mrs. Hunt making a marmalett of quince.”
t •
yi •
from Lee it
Stuffed Pepper Salad
3 medium sized green peppers 1 small package white cream j	cheese
I hi cup grated cheese
Salt
I hi cup chopped pimento Cream Paprika
r Lettuce and mayonnaise I Remove the tops from the pep-
---( out the seeds and for 5 minutes or parboil
Drain and
esta
to Milton Bradish. Virginia and Lee jesefa who tells Virginia she because she is jealous
and
meet hates her of her.
a
CHAPTER XX Bradish and his son saw
big thing of it.
placed for safe keeping in Judge Harvey's safe, in confidence, to be given to nobody but me, or to Matt himself. I've played watching game to protect Virginia’s rights, whether I kept the title to my half or turned it back to her. But as she has promised to marry me, I think that matter will take care of itself."
He looked for a second at Virginia. Her eyes lovely, her cheeks flushed with excitement that cheered him He handed a folded document to Bradish. Bradish took it. scanned it swiftly and handed it back.
‘You win," he said curtly. He would have said more, but Stanley interrupted with an air of bland insolence.
“Very pretty story, all this Damon and Pythias stuff, but people may wonder why Blair was so generous to an outsider at his daughter’s expense.”
“You damned little pup, what
do you mean?”
Stanley rose hastily to his feet as Lee jerked around and strode toward him. “I mean," he said cooly, “that it was a belated act of justics to an unacknowledged . There is a little village just the Mexican border where people have been well paid
M ut v the return.
Stanley two ho ses
.5
also looked out as the came up to the steps, down the hall ho
a

ft
\\
As step* came
reached for a magazine and idled over to the other side of the room, looking around with a less nod as Lee Hollister appeared
but not volunteering ignored the
pers, scoop steam l__
(in salted water).
chill.
care-
Mix cream cheese, the other cheese and pimentos and moisten
Season with salt
with
Gets Distinguished
in the tioor, introductions, délibérait
“You are Mr. name i? Hollister." "Mow'd vou
Lee rudeness.
Flying Cross
with cream.
and paprika. Stuff peppers mixture, chill ; then sheet and
with
were warm and
Bradish? Mv
Z

an
lettuce leaves
do, Hollister. I’ve . Come in.”
serve on dressing.
on.
heard of v< u . .
“Virginia tells me that you it*
thinking of taking over the Circle
'
Stuffed Peppers with Rice end
Tomato
6 tablespoons butter 2 tablespoons finely chopped
m

V.”
“The deed passed this ing." Bradish looked sharply at
and became bland in. “J’m a rancher now. You
of this place than l
movn-


m
Canuck Soldier#
Most Popular

his visitor
onion
1% cups cooked chopped veal 1 cup boiled rice hi cup stewed tomato 6 green peppers
One-third cup fine crumbs
Vi teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon melted butter
Remove the seeds and membrane from medium-sized wellshaped peppers, minute? or parboil for the same Drain and cool. Melt the
#
::ê

again.
know more do." He was the personification
of brisk frankness. “I know you have been connected with it for a long time and I know what Blair thought of you. I'm going to make a lot of improvements and have it run right up to the minute. I can’t be here myself to things, and I need a good to take charge. The job is yours. Will you “Thanks. I’m a job." The answer came in the
mildest of tones. “I came for something entirely different. I ve been talking to Virgniia about the sale. She feels that the whole business this morning was pretty hasty, and she regrets it. In fact, she feels pretty badly about it, and I’ve persuaded her to let me make a personal appeal to you. Her father was a good friend to you once, and you have your chance now to be a good friend to his daughter."
TAKE THE CHEQUE BACK He was taking a folded slip 01
paper from his pocket.
“This is the cheque you gave her this morning. I’m asking you to take it back and destroy the
deed she gave you.”
From the other side of the room Stanley grinned derisively at this extraordinary request, but Milton Bradish did not smile. He favored his visitor with temptuous stare.
“You’ve
-sv* *>
Canadian soldiers rank high in popularity with girls who go dancing in the Covent Garden district of London, England. A ; showed this order of fail. British sailors; 2. Can-

By Louise Lennox
bread


making
Mother will enjoy these cute outfits of crisp cotton that smiles at frequent trips to the wash tubs. White . for the little boy’s blouse and white for the collar and cuffs on the little girl’s dress makes a fresh contrast with dark blue. Both de-

survey vor : L
adians; 3. Royal Air Force; 4. Foot Guards; 5. New Zealanders; 6. French Sailors (who used to be at the top of the list before France capitulated) ; 7. All other troops in khaki; 8. Civilians.
Australians were not included, it was explained, because they don’t seem to fiad time for dane-
Steam for ten
boss-
man

take it?’’
not looking for
time.
butter and saute onion in Remove from the heat and combine with the rice, meat and stewed tomato. Sprinkle salt in peppers and then stuff with the rice mixture. Sprinkle top with
son
it.
included in the same
A native of Gleichen, Alberts, Pilot Officer J. A. Walker has been awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his bravery in air battles over England.
signs are pattern.
Style No. 3420 is designed for sizes 2, 4, 6 and 8 years. Size 4 requires 1 3-8 yards of 39-inch material for dress with 3-8 yard of contrasting for collar and cuffs; 7-8 yard for trousers with 1*4 yards for boy’s blouse.
Send Twenty Cents (Coin preferred for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly
address and style
across some
to conceal the fact that you the son of a woman Blair brought
are
there years ago.
All the hot tmper that Lee had fought for years flamed up now and glittered in his eyes. ‘‘That s lie from start to finish. You rotten little sneak, I ought to quirt the hide off you."
“IT COULDN’T BE TRUE"
cuirled.
mg.
a
"Th/sms me emu eooo maes
THAT My MM/LY N£6D$
//
“Go
lip
Stanley’s ahead; I’m a cripple."
“Yes and I know how you got it. You’d better make the most of it while it lasts and get well as soon as you can, because when I come back I’m going to give you
the damriedest thrashing you
Now hand
your name number. Be sure to state size you
Leading Canadian health authorities agree that "whole grain cereals" are an essential "protective" food in peace and war. Nabisco Shredded Wheat, is a "whole grain cereal"—100% pure whole wheat—with all the rich, inner flavor of Nature's finest cereal grain. Serve this nourishing, low cost, morning meal to your family regularly.
Over two Nabisco Shredded Wheat slice a banana, pour a cupful or more of milk, sugar to taste—and you have a breakfast made to order for a lazy morning-appetite! But that'» only half the story. In this one delicious dishful, you actually get tight vital food values:
Three Vitamins (A, Bi and C), Iron, Calcium,
Phosphorus, Carbohydrates and Proteins.
THE CANADIAN SHREDDED WHEAT COMPANY, LTD., Niagara Jall^Cofmdo

wish.
Choose smart styles suited to indivdiual needs and parti-
your
vular type of figure from the full color illustrations of over 100 styles shown in our Fall and Winter Fashion Book. Send for your copy today. 15c a copy.
ever had in your life, out the name of that village.
“Sorry, but I’ll have to pay a stiff price to get it. If you’re determined to turn this deed busi-into a hold-up, I’ll get the
I

ness
rest of the story for hard cash and trade it in for your share of the Circle V."
“Keep it," said Lee grimly. “When I get ready to do busi-with you you’ll be glad to
trade in for a chance to get out
, . Virginia,
Brotherhood

a con-




got less brains than 1
m
There is a destiny which makes us brothers; None goes his way alone.
Of a truth, men are mystically
mysterious bond of i makes all men one.
—Carlyle.
AM




—Edwin Markham.
$
•H

e
ness
SHRED1* ,
I
of the state alive . .
I Want to see you."
His brief gesture ordered the
others out of the room. Lee closed the door after them.
All trace of Lee’s anger went with the closing of the door, but numbing constraint took its
united:	a
brotherh

x
V
• Ml
util

NS
1


Down in their hearts, wise men know this truth: the only way to help yourself to to help others.
—Elbert Hubbard.
on a


a


ffrleman a, I ron

place.
“Virginia Whether I have any light to a father’s name or not, it couldn’t be true of Matt."
(To be continued)

Em

it can’t be true!
û
Love for mankind Is the elevator of the human race; It demonstrates Truth and reflects divine Love.
—Mary Baker Eddy.




4
/•v:
f

» ™
#
H.......
n * ¦*.
m
•How you 11 00 œ any the purebMO of » bow


It
-


No 0er«l'.


f
wire# LlfhtO iMtoetU.
• IE YOUR DIALER «* writ» U tu
fei «SoUllat
THE COLEMAN LAMP A STOVE CO., Md. Uept. W U-.IZ7. Tere-to-On.
I do not hunger for a well-stored mind,
I only wish to live my life, and find
My heart In unison with all man-
—Edmund Gosse.
. %



i-:
MM
Chmleele*
Slow Burning
CIGARETTE PAPERS By
none FlNte MAPI IftM

FOR JH1S FAMILIAR PACKAGE AT YpURFOOD v STORE v


I


I



kind.
m

¦ .
MADE IN CANADA-OF CANADIAN WHEAT
i
Let brotherly love continue.
—Hebrews 13: L
ISSUE 38—’40
double *ïS‘
B
#
I
l
###PAGE###8###


Third Red Cross Nursing Class Commences October 1st
1llillSËr
Wen verdf the Shawville Wesleyan
thGivenhPmarriage by her father
fredaElliott, of Shnwville, wore» ^ Officers of the Agricultural Society,
dress of meteor crepe embroideiea | ho	tcd permission, and general
in gold with black accessories. Her ^ who eontributcd so generously, corsage was of Joanna Hitt	-1 K___ __
Mr. Earl Russet brother of the.	"	I The ShawvilletUnited Woman's
d!e of a plot bounded by Fifth and Sixth avenues from Forty-eighth to Fifty-first street.
isusrresi."
SSISli p“ £" ” *•“
mmms msm ~
homeS,r™d5i .«“"'"5	IifsSSdE.'«2.Œ
Srain 1„YoadiNwd» 2»'^	.* "
of this demonstration, the date	rare Than Heart address being read by Mrs. James
t0MrsitHn°Wnish was in charge of .. ^ probably next to impossible ‘Thomas.
programme which was on habita ^ g boy or gjri to overwork the ll0Mis"PiJtchard. county	one oMhe ^nclusionTo^ a report
mWMêmsm
Hsineing the National Anthem when a child enters school. Dr }\nd h social hour spent. The * hardly be looked upon as an irnma
hostess was assisted by	^ ture organ in the process of growth,
Thomas. Mrs. IL I. Smith and Mia says thc Rocky Mountain Herald. At Thacker.	I the age of 12 years, however, the
Rochester, N Y., Thursday, Sept.    I heart is only half the mature size
mm
&ÉSE3 ÉEi~ Œ&VZXSSS1S —'
p*c,te" w '
children.	..	T in the community. He engaged in
wmmm
SSSS ; «SaS
Hat land Hod gins, Roy Gourley, | ^-nlte(l church. During the set-
SSJSSwi 8k*SUfeV3K?» :	Card or Thanks W.U»
« "'¦•ÏÆr.T	ahmsthon*
married
Cemetery Memorials
New Fal.1 Suits
style, fancy shades of greens, browns,
, also blue and grey serges, all
$25.00 and $30.00
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble
Gçt Our Prices	_______
A large and distinctive Stock to choose from
Phone, 278
Tops in
î
blues, greys with two trousers

Before Buying1 Elsewhere
New Fall Hats
notice
$1.95 to $2.95
Latest Shades and Styles
GEO. H. FRO ATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Forsyth Dress Shirts
$1.65
Coloured Stripes and White
The Forsyth “Country Club” Shirts
Farm For Sale
$2.25
The best shirt on the market.
McGregor Hose
J. H. HORNER, Sand Ray, Shawville, Quo
SOcts.
Specially Priced at
hairdresser, of
Phone 22 6
Mrs. Stinson,
Renfrew, will be at Mrs. b. it. Chamberlain’s Reality 1 arlor, Shawville, on Thursday and Friday of each week until further notice,
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
Farm For Sale
...inside Women's Institute Report School Fair
El
Well iniMBved farm all cleared and fenced, clay loam, all in hay. l'air buildings. Will sell on very easy terms Apply to
\
PETER WILSON,
Cobden, Ont
i

DALE’S TINSHOP
TINSMITHS and^LAJliNBERS
Full Stock of
Findlay Heaters and Ranges
General Business For Sale
o

F. A DAVIS (jnyon Que
Now is the time to have your Furnace and Pipes checked


©
v-pj over.

Leslie Dale
Shawville, Quebec

a
/
a
T
Mrs. Geo G. Hodgins Widely Mourned

After a passed peacefully home of her uaugh BroXvn Sept
ter
This New
War Savings Pledge
lui been mailed to you


*/, v t
i r

K*>

\




s.

:
+ y


/2
Fer each monthly deduction if S4 you receive i certificiti for $5
|| H H H »	** $10
i
On
$25
Hazards at Home
How awful, people say, to live in a citv that may be bombed at any
Yet a study of hazard ra-
$20 "
$50
$40
I

minute
tios recently made by a leading insurance company shows that a person’s chances of being killed when dodging across a busy American street are almost exactly the same as those of a person being killed in a European city under air bombardment
SIGN UP FOR THE DURATION
in Canada's Aimy ol 2,000,000
Régulai War-Saveis
the automobile driver
Moreover,
who has been drinking places himself and his passengers under about the same hazard of death as if they were all passengers on a contraband-carrying ship in he submarine zone. Learning to fly a plane seems risky, but the housewife who dry-cleans at home is subject to almost double the hazard that the student
flyer faces.
So, before you begin pitying the folks abroad, look around you and death flash by and be a bit more
Be one of the first to enlist. You will be receiving your official enlistment blank—the new War Savings Pledge.
instruct your bank to make purchases of War
automa-
un
Use it to
Savings Certificates for you every month tically. Your bank looks after everything for you—sends your money to Ottawa each month, and the Certificates y mailed direct to the registered holder. There is charge for this service.
no
are
ment for sms.
It was traced, however, to the ycl-
low dust that had been whirled up from the Gobi desert in cential Asia
clouds to the
and a sure way to
Here is an effective way to serve
save. And remember, too, you are not giving your money, but lending it, and at a good profit to yourself :
full 25% in 7J4 years! So watch the mail for this new official War Savings Pledge. When it arrives, use it to Help Smash Hitler. Additional Pledges are available at your bank or from your local War Savings Committee. Sign up now 1
see
heedful
a
Ivory Gull
of an adult ivory
The plumage gull is of a striking snowy white-without spot or mark of color, and feet are black and its chieflv dark with a bright Ivory gulls frequent northerly parts of the Melville island, and Spitz-
i ness Its legs beak is ! orange tip the most world, nesting on northern Greenland bergen. A beautiful specimen is now on exhibition at the Quebec
Mr-S'» £dV*<£pi?.s
in North America.

99
“You Serve by Saving
Invest Regularly in War Savings Certificates
i and elsewhere
fro
