###PAGE###1###

$1.50 pep annum In Advance 2.00 to the UnltecStates
I
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, APRIL 2®. 1940
No. 44, 57th Yeab
COWLING
BUSINESS
The main highway and most of the connecting roads in this dis-tricfc were opened for motor traîne last week.
Shaw ville Badminton Club will hold a mixed dance in Wilton e Hall, on Friday night, May 3rd.
Keep the date in mind.
The United W M.S. meotn in the Sunday school room on Thur*-
with Ming M.
MARRIED
Misa Flora Hudgins of, Ottawa, visited friends in town over the week end.
Mrs. Chesley Moffatt, of Navan, Ont., was a week end guest of Mr. and Mrs. Walter Moffatt.
Mrs. H. Millar, of Ottawa, visit ed at the home of her daughter. Mrs. J, P. Wilson, for the week end.
Shawville Hardware
Fokeh- O’Brikn On Wednesday evening, April 17, a quiet wedding w as solemniz Hd in the rectory of St. John's Church, (iananoqnc, when Kleanoi VIary O’Brien, elder daiightei of Vfr. and Mrs W.. J O Brien, of Gananoque, became the bride of Alexander Brome Pokes, eldest -on of Rev. A F. and Mrs. Pokes, of Shawville. Rev. L E Staley officiated for the service.
The bride was dressed in a black tailored suit, with black hat and red trimming and accessories. She wore a corsage bouquet of American Beauty roses The bridesmaid was Miss Kathleen Ivy, and the groom was sup ported by Frank O'Brien, brother of the bride.
After the man iage, dinner was served at the home of the bride’s father, to the immediate members
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
am
ihe Çenuine
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
Sherwin-WilliamsÊ	W
emijustre
day at 8.00 p.m Smart's group in charge
Shawville Y. P. U. are presenting their comedy drama “Meet the Medicine Man 'a highly humorous attraction in the Theatre on Friday, May 17th. Keep this date m
mind.
Mrs. Chas. W. Dagg and infant daughter, of Ottawa, are visiting at the home of her father, Mr. VV..A. Hod gins.
Rev. T. E. R. Nurse and Rev. K. C. Bolton are attending the annua! synod of the Diocese of Montreal.
Miss Florian Brough, Reg. N., of Ottawa, spent Sunday at the home ot her parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. U. Biough.
Mrs. Harold Judd is in Ottawa this week to be with her son, Kenneth, who is undergoing^surgi-cal treatment at the Civic Hospi-
%
r
W. E. COWLING President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE
Principal
SATIN • ENAMEL
The Ladies' Auxiliary of Pontiac Community Hospital will hold a sewing meeting at the hospital on Tuesday afternoon, April 230th, at two o'clock. All ladies interested are cordially invited to attend.
Auction Sai.k -Auctioneer Geo. Blewett will sell by public auction on Friday, April 20th, the horses, cattle, farm machinery and household effect* on the farm of Mrs. Sam Woods, at Caldwell, 1,O.— Farm for sale or rent
The sensational washable satin enamel for walls, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other stains wash off with soap and water. We have a full selection of the lovely pastel shades.
Ill
JAMES A. MILLAR

BA L L. L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle's Hotel, Campbell's Boy every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon

Faubrrt— Walla
St. George's Church, Thorne Centie, was the scene of a quiet but pretty wedding on Thursday, April 18th, when Edwinna Viola, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Walls. ofjLadysmitb, Que., became the bride of Lorenzo Faubert North Bay, Ont. Rev. K C. Bolton officiated.
The bride, who was given in marriage by her cousin, Mr. Christie Hoir, entered the church to the strains of Lohengrin’s Bridal Chorus.
Mrs. Walter Thrun attended her lister while Mr. Henry Walls, uncle of the biide, was supported the groom.
The bride was becomingly attired in a navy sheer costume with hat of air force blue and matching
ta I
See our distinctive
Wall Papers
Miss Iva Carswell returned to her home in Bryson from Pontiac Community Hospital, where she underwent an operation for ap pendicitis.
Messrs. G. A. Howard and E. F. Hudgins attended the funeral of Mr. Eilard L. Hudgins, at Smith's Falls, on Tuesday afternoon of last week.
Miss Iva Horner, who has been on the nursing staff of the Cobble-skill, N. Y., Hospital, arrived last week to spend a vacation with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Horner.
The Annual Convention of Womens Institutes of Pontiac County will be held in the W. J. Club Rooms. Fort Cotilungfc, on Wednesday, May 8th, 1940, commencing at 10.00 a. in., when reports will be received, officers elected, and general business transacted.
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
of
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
OFFICE—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shawville, Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
11
Auction Salks — Auctioneer Arnold O’Neill, of Douglas, Ont, will hold public sales at the farm of the late Robert Telford, at Morehead, on Friday, May and at the farm of Mrs. Th McDowell, one mile East of Shawville, on Saturday, May 4th. Bctth sales will start atone o’clock, and a wide variety of faim emiipment and other articles are offered at
;___!. In Saturday’s sale
good cows will be auctioned.
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
3rd
omas
BAND CONCERT
l
Spring Footwear
accessories.
During the signing of the régis ter “I Love You Truly” was play
•Members of Shawville Boys’ Band are busy these days preparing for their opening concert of the season to be held early inf May —probably Tuesday, 7th.
ed
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A., L.L.B..
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
both farms some See posters.
Immediately after the ceremony the happy coupla left for Ottawa, North Bay and other points.
Ladies’ flew Spring Shoes
Mr and Mrs Andrew Russell (Stave Mill in Operation Celebrate Diamond Wedding
On Sunday, April 21st, Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Russell, celebrated MO years of happy wedded life quietly at their home in Bristol, when they received many messages of congratulation and best wishes from their family and other relatives and friends. ~
Both Mr. Russell and his wife, the former Miss Margaret Stewait,
... j life-long residents of Bristol Township. They were married in the old Bristol Presbyterian Church by Re.v. Mr. Scott. The union was blest with twelve children, six of whom are living. They have twenty-four grandchildren and thirteen great grandchildren.
Men Have Narrow Escape At SchneauE Boom
While attempting to cross the ice on the Ottawa river from Castleford to the Schneaux Boom, Keith Johnston, 23, son of Gordon Johnston had a narrow escape „	.	,	... from drowning on Friday at noon.
Safe milk is pasteurized milk The ice seemed quite solid until he Milk is one of the best foods reached the centre of the river, available but unfortunately is where the swift current had eaten readily contaminated with disease away the under part of the ice, genus and foreign substances. ancj suddenly the young man These living organisms, when con found himself plunged in the icy sinned with the milk, may cause water. His cries were heard at such diseases as typhoid fever, : the mill of Peicy Elliott, where a paratyphoid fevers, scarlet fever, number of men were eating their diptheria, tuberculosis undulant ! dinner. Charles Eady seized a fever, septic sore throat and . long board and rushed out on the others Since clean milk does not jee to help him. and himself broke mean safe milk and since it is lm ( through. He was able with the possible to judge its quality by hoard to pull himself out, and appearance, the use of milk in the lying fiat on the ice, he carefully raw state must involve'some un- moved forward until the man in necessary risk. Fortunately, all the water caught the end of the these dangerous germs, which j board, and was able to lift him-may be found in milk, are sus-1 sejf flHt on the ice. The other ceptible to heat treatment, and < millroen Kenneth and Sydney they are destroyed at compara-1 Hobbs, Albert Leak and Kenneth
Gagin, running <ome distance on the ice threw them a long rope and drew them to safety. The young men hurried to Mr. Johnstons home on the Ontario side of the river, where they received dry clothing and on Saturday seemed little the worse of their cold bath.
The Shawville stave mill of the International Cooperage Company commenced sawing on Monday of this week with a full compliment of employees.
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with bylcorrespondence
Smart 1940 Styles and Popular Prices
Patent trimmed Gore Pumps, Cutout lace front styles. Suede trimmed strap numbers, Tie Oxfords, etc.

R. MILLER WALLACE
barrister
PHONE, 2-2219
Safe Milk
AVOCAT
189 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay
are
every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p m.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m.
$2.50 and $2 95

D. J. CAMBPELL

Ernest Muldoon Wins Council Cup at Quyon Short Course
U
School Girls’ Oxfords
Rugged Hardwearing Brogues with plenty of
styles. Brown or Black $1.95 and $2:95
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
Much interest was centered in the annual short course at Quyon during the past week, under the auspices of Pontiac Agricultural Society, division C. The county agronomist, N. A. Drummond, was in charge assisted by Gervase O’Rielly and M. J. Muldoon, president anti secretary of the society.
Dr. U. E McKenzie, of Ottawa, livestock demonstration
Phone 81
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
lively moderate temperature.
Pasteurization is a heat treatment in which the milk is 14*3 degrees F. or higher and held at this temperature for 30 minutes and then cooled to 50 degrees F. or lower. Th*s process can be carried on without making any appreciable change in the nutritive value of the product.
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University
Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbells Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week

gave a
with prize jersey and beef cattle of William J. Fleming’s stock. He also discussed the beef cattle situation in Canada and described Jersey cattle characteristics The class was taken by motor to the farm of S. W. McKechnie for a demonstration on Ayrshire cattle and cattle judging competition. Dr. McKenzie also gave a lecture on livestock rations.
On Thursday afternoon R. K Bennett, Dominion live stock branch. Montreal, discussed the Canadian Swine industry and with the use of Wiltshire sides described British market requirements.
A hog judging competition was held in which fifty boys and girls took part. C 13. Dalton, of Hull, talked on farm management and farmer accounting.
The Silver Cup for highest in donated by South Onslow Council, to be given to the one with highest score, was won by Finest Muldoon, Beech Grove Grandstand admission tickets to Central Canada Exhibition, Margaret Kennedy and R. Muldoon.
Class winners in judging weeds, Merritt Steele, Hilton Cochrane Cattle Ayrshire, Albert Muldoon, Ernest Muldoon, Freddie Kearns. Swine, Stella Muldoon, Laurie McKechnie.	~
Public speaking — Junior girls, Theresa Muldopp, Loretta Mid;, doon ; junior boys, James Muldoon, Lainie McKechnie : senior boys, Alfred Kennedy, Ernest Muldoon
Theresa Muldoon obtained the highest score in public speaking and won a fountain pen, donated by Robert Simpson Co., Ltd ; Merritt Steele won a silver bread tray for livestock judging. The tray was donated by T. Eaton Co.,

Mens’ Work Boots
When buying work boots choose the makes which have been proven to give satisfaction
both in long wear and lasting comfort, have a good range of the following lines
JOHN PALMER SISMAN SHOES
I
Dominion Income Tax Twenty Per Cent
Income Tax Returns affecting the individual taxpayer are being submitted in large numbers to the Inspector of Income Tax, Jackson Building, Ottawa, and many tax payers are failing to fill in and remit the increase of 20 per cent over all other Dominion income taxes imposed. This increase was provided by legislation passed during the Wat Session of last September.
If taxpayers will refer to Item* 17K (4) on page 1 of the Income Tax Forms they will see that this Item is The total of Items 17K. 17K (2), 17K (3) and that (5) requires that 20 per cent of 17K (4) be added to cover War Surtax.
Failure on the pai t of the tax payer to remit the War Surtax necessitates the Department levying an assessment covering this tax, which will include interest at five per cent, plus additional thiee per cent, penalty interest.
Little Canada ’ in London
We
Dr. R.E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
Thousands of Canadian soldiers in the First Division overseas are enjoying a ‘ little Canada ’ in the heart of London. It is the Heave: Club, which the Canadian Red Cross Society helped to finance, appropriating $50,000 out of tire monies subscribed in Quebec and other provinces in the national drive last fall.
The clubhouse is a tiva storey building a fexv steps from famed Trafalgar square, containing more than one hundred rooms. When lion. Vincent Massey, High Com missionei for Canada in London, headed a committee of Canadians in London interested in providing a club for the lads from the Dominion. the question of finance immediately arose. It was estimated that $100,OOP would he required to lease this building and put it in shape. Ernest Cooper, a member of the Overseas Advisory Committee of the Canadian Red Cross Society, at once volunteered to subscribe $30,000 and Red Cross ith Canada undertook t.o underwrite the balance. So the Heaver Club, was organized and opened.
The Club has reading rooms and lounges, an information buieaii, shower baths, kit clieck rooms, what is claimed to be ont of the finest dance floors in the world, and—very welcome to nunt of the boys from this side—a canteen where they ca.i get soupe aux i>ois, griddle cakes and maple syrup, and all kinds of other Canadians dishes	HHflRHHM
has been provided with plenty of heat for London’s well known lamp and chilly days.
609 Drummond Medical Building
GREB SHOE CO.,
FOURNIER SHOE CO
WILLIAMS SHOES
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE PLATEAU 63 8 8
•9
-C
DfV WALLACE J. W. KODCINS
¦ Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
5
BS

Item 17K

i
course


See Our Big Spçciaj J|L___»
Work Boot by Sisma j I
Full Grain Leather, j |
heavy tap sole, -S?'
rubber heel. \
HI
3ELAIR 3257
I
i
SISMAN'S
fe A»

H. K. NEILSON, M.D.


Î
Throat Speci
, Ear, N
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
180 METCALFE STREET
8 Sü


Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
ONT
OTTAWA.
X
Special at
PHONE, 2-7861
BEAV't’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bri i Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
f mWA. ONTARIO
REPRESENTING CO M PA NIËS
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’i

>
TIFIC iU -EXAMINATIONS
~ $
Specialist , all Visual and Muscular Eye Defects
T, T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist
Shawville
Quebec
i
And the Club building

The judges for public speaking were ilev. VV. H. Day, C B. Oui ton and Professor Coke	1


SHAWVILLE - QUE.
El
Reg. Optometrist



###PAGE###2###

youth» Their way is the way of the young, “Hell-bent for Heaven."
automobiles—each year's models
better than the last.
Dr. Woellner is professor of education at University of California at Lot Angeles. He said in an address:	*¦ *
“We are not facing a revolt of
I
Twin Cities At Head of Lakes
Earl And Countess of Athlone Coming In June
are
Sunday
School
Lesson
“We arc facing a revolt of old age against going along with youth, directing its energy into profitable channels."


Fort William snd Port Arthur Play Important Part In Commerce of Continent
¦
Fort William, the founding of which dates back to the time of the fur traders, etxeuds along the banks of the Kaminlstikwia River which has been dredged for several miles to give commodious berths to ships. Port Arthur dates from the early development of the silver mines and, with Fort William, shares the expansive facilities of Thunder Bay and as the Twin "ities are at the Canadian head of the Great Lakes, they play an Important part In the commerce of the continent.
The district is served by both of the transcontinental railways and by several highways and roads.
PLENTY OF GAME The waters of the streams and lakes in the district abound in the speckled trout, red trout, lake trout, bass, pickerel, and pike. Deer and
the forest areas and
By William Ferguson
This Curious World


,4

KI
PHOj^OWERS
taught that plants
/ WERE NOURISHED FROM THE 50/i At-C^JE/ but H ELMO NT, A PHV51CIAN OF BRUSSELS,
doubted .the THEORY/
DURING THE 1GTH CEN-s TURY, HE WEIGHED A WILLOW TREE AND PLANTED IT IN A POT OO.NTAININO 200 LBS. OF SOIL/ FIVE
YEARS LATER,THE
WILLOW HAD GAINED J&4- POUM&S,
4 I
#3

2/Z


LESSON 111
MICAH’S VISION OF PEACE -
PRINTED TEXT, Mk. 4: 1-5|
5: 2 5a.
GOLDEN TEXT.—And they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into • £ hooks;
•word against nation, neither shall they learn war any more. Mic.
4:3.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—During the reign oi Hezekiah, probably between 726 and 701 B.C.
Place.—MicalVs ministry was entirely within the territory of Judah, and for 'the most part in the city of Jerusalem.
This lesson is especially interesting because the people around whom this whole chapter gathers &re the most talked-of, the most hated, people presenting the most difficult problems of all the races in the world today. No one has suffered in modern times as the Jews have suffered, at the hands of other nations; and here is not only a prophecy of such suffering, but a passage of wonderful hope, promising a time when these sufferings will be over, and a period when these people will come back to God and have a kingdom, in which joy and peace will abound.
/ The name Micah was not an uncommon one among the He. brews; it means “Who is like Jehovah?" Micah was a simple countryman, born of obscure parentage in an otherwise unknown village. Micah, as his prophecy shows, was in closest touch and sympathy with the class of yeomen whose wrongs he so graphically describes.
Promise of the Kingdom
In the first three chapters, Mic ah's chief moral denunciations are reserved for the wealthy nobles and worldly priests greedy aristocrats who coveted fields and houses and took them by force, who oppressed widows and broke up happy homes. Commercialism and materialism were supplanting almost the last vestige of the ethical and the spiritual in Jerusalem. At such a crisis Micah appeared, and attempted to call the nation back to God and to duty.
4: 1. But in the latter days it shall come to pass, that the mtyih-tain of Jehovah's house shall be established on the top of the mountains, and it shall be exalted above the hills; and peoples shall flow unto it. 2. And many nations shall go and say, Come ye, and let us go up to the mountain of Jehovah, and to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths. For out of Zion shall go forth the law, and the word of Jehovah from Jerusalem: 3. and he will judge between many peoples, «and .will decide concerning strong nations far off: and r they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruning-hooks ; nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more.
4 But they shall sit every man under his vine and under hie fig-tree; and none shall make them afraid: for the mouth of Jehovah of hosts hath spoken it. The mountain of the house of Jehovah is the temple mountain, Moriah, here considered as part of Zion. Zion is the source of the law and word of the I/ord, from which the nations draw instruction how to walk in the ways of God, to make it their own, take it to their homes, and walk according to it.
Every Man Under God
5. For all the peoples walk every one in the name of his god; and we will walk in the name of Jehovah our God for ever and ever. A man’s god is what rules his practical life; it is that which shapes and orders our live?. Furthermore, the worshipper will resemble his god in character. Everywhere around us the people i are walking every one in the name of his god.
.	The beautiful picture Micah
4raws of the coming kingdom finds striking parallels in the pro-pAecies of his great contemporary
1-5; 11: 1-12). Here A-	have almost every longing of
tJv* human heart down through gU the centuries satisfied vorsal worship of the Lord, absolute righteousness in judgment,
. abiding peace, perfect security of person and property, this kingdom be established? iwe clauses of Micah s seem to indicate clearly that the kingdom her a spoken of will not be established until at the end of the age, which has by no means yet arrived. ggggggg. But thou, Beth-lehem Kphrathah, which art little to be the thousands of Judah, •«it of thee shall one come forth ••to me that is to be ruler ia Ir nasi; whose goings forth are from •f eld, from everlasting. 1. Therefore will he give them np, until

m
si V
m
i ¦
M

m



¥ M
pruning-nation shall not lift up



>
\


AND THE SOIL
HAD LOST ONLY
TWO
06/ACE5-
moose roam
I provide sport for the big game huu-I ter. Caribou are to be found in a I few localities. Ruffed grouse, ducks. I and the Canada goose give tlie I sportsmen an opportunity in season I to test their skill at flying targets. Fur bearers are plentiful, and traj»-pars catch a great variety of animals, Including mink, marten, otter, beaver, and fox. Fur farming consists chiefly In the raising of mink



>

%#

I

ffl

AVERAGE AREA
OF THE



FD RTV - E K3 HT STATES

1
IN THE UNION IS
63,057 SQ. MILES/
GEORGIA, ('59,2G5 SQ Ml.) MOST NEARLY
N approaches
\ THE S AVERAGE.
•I
J
and fox.

m
»••• ••••••
X
l
i
*
Farm Notes ..
I

IS
t
<
fOGB/QOEN
I ON
BATTLESHIPS.


I
*

>
To Scare Pests From The Farm
o


L'
.


85

7-H4
cgrw 1*37 ¦ * NE» S£WV»Ct, »HC
mmmmm
leaves.
NEXT: How long does plant pollen live?


Crows are crafty creatures and by experience they associate a scarecrow

with the presence ot tempting forbidden fruit.
con-
I :'v MlI
Canada’s new Governor-General, The Earl of Athlone, 66, youngest brother *of Queen Mary, who has been appointed to fill the vacancy created bv the death of Governor-General Tweedamuir, is seen ABOVE, with the Countess -of Athlone. The Earl and Countess will be welcomed to Canada in June.
some
Crows are long-lived and sequently have long memories.
Pests far worse than crows prey upon the farmer’s crops, remarks B. Leslie Emslie, chemist-agronomist. Crows may be seen and heard, shot at or shoo’d away, though perhaps not to stay, while these other pests are invisible micro-organisms whose ravages, however, can be plainly seen by harvest time.
Micah’s prophecy regarding the birthplace of our Lord Jesus was fulfilled seven hundred years later. It is one of the most remarkable Messianic prophecies in all of the Old Testament. In chapter four we had a very beautiful picture of an age enjoying universal and genuine peace; here the Messiah himself is designated as the cause for such peace.
the* time that she who travailleth hath brought forth: then the residue of his brethren shall return unto the children of Israel. 4. And he shall stand, and shall feed his flock in the strength of Jehovah, la the majesty of the name of Jehovah him God: and they shall abide; for now shall he be great unto the ends of the earth. 5. And this man shall be our peace.
ANCIENT LATIN GOD
the
¦
11	Liliaceous tree.
12	Prize for a contest.
15 Baseball mm# 18 Binds.
20 Small weight. 22 Reluctant
24	Voluble.
25	Leg joint.
3] 26 Sound of H surprise.
" 28 To eject.
[I 30 Biblical g character.
¦ 31 Grafted.
s 34 Rectifying.
38 Worker on strike.
40 Fish eggs 42 Chum.
45	Hair fillet.
46	Pertaining to a branch.
47	To press.
48	Spigot.
49	Mongrel.
50	To embroider .
51	Kimono sash.
Answer te Previous Pussle
HORIZONTAL
1 Pictured ancient Latin god of commerce.
7 The------
nearest the sun is named for him (pi.).
13	Title of dignity in Turkey.
14	Proportion.
16	Obituary
17	Flying
. mammal.
19	Pig sty.
20	Crowd.
21	South Africa.
23 Toupee.
25	Relatives.
26	Alt right.
27	Night before. 4ti Sun god.
47 Exactly alike.
bears his 50 Fern spores.
52	Calking material.
53	Visage.
57	Black.
58	Music drama.
59	Portrait statue 8 Behold tin He had
Invisible Enemies
Many of these microscopic pesta fungi, some of which may infest the soil, but most of them are carried on the seed itself instance, scab and rhizoctonia of potatoes, seed rot or corn, bunt or stinking smut of wheat, the smuts of oats, severed smut and stripe of barley, root and stem rots of cereals, peas, beans and other crops.
Science has done much for agriculture, and one of the latest and greatest achievements is the discovery that certain organic compounds of mercury will control these seed-borne diseases without injury to the seed itself when applied in the small doses prescribed. Indeed, by destroying the fungi the treatment improves the germinating vigour of the seed and consequently increases yields.
Control Seed-Borne Disease*
Years of most careful, painstaking research and trial revealed that there is a specific organic mercury compound for each of several classes of crops. Fortunately, a little goes a long way, so the cost of treatment is trifling, only a few cents an acre. The seeds of cereals, for instance, arc treated effectively with the ethyl
phosphate dust at the
I
LI A
WILLIAM
are
PENN
3BBM •JIIMMHliH
a	sis
iiasio s
ilHtffilll *1
aafiMti hi _
for
au aiitinia
a ™
i
RADIO REPORTER
3
A
S
11
B, DAVE ROBBINS
B
I
Music You Want — takes the air. This three-quarter hour presentation of the classics Is one of the finest programs of this type heard on the air today, so, if you appreciate the better music, tune in on Music You Want from 1120 ou your
INSTANT NEWS
With the expected Spring offen-
sea and In the

HiAR
sire both on land air — already launched, radio listeners these days keep their receivers dialed in for news. — and few parts of the world have a variety of stations offering the authentic news coverage heard in this part of Canada daily. Today radio brings instant news of action on any front — the war of today la carried right to your doorstep. The best three tips for Canadian listeners are to tune in CHOC — CBL — or CFRB
temporarily. 39 Compound ether.
41 Indian.
43	Musical note
44	Numbers.
61 Many--
are told about him VERTICAL 1 He was the ----of the
dial
gods.
2	Type measure
3	Leaf vein
4	Bird s stomach.
5	Railroad.
6	To bark.
7	Metal fastener 53 Desert fruit.
54	Tennis point
55	To read.
56	To complet \
Pleasure Time — Fred Wariug's show from the NBC - red network on Tuesdays at seven — is the type of show that you will enjoy at dinner time. Always a good showman. Fred has gathered a starry aggregation for this one.
AROUND THE DIAL
The week's Spotlight Dialing — Sunday . at 2:30 .
* CBC chain at 10:00 p.m day — Melodies from the Sky from ( HOC at 7:15 . . . Culley and Claudette from CBL at eight . . . With the Troops on the CBC chain at
8:30 . . . Tuesday High Seas from CROC at 6:30 . . . £'/cond Husband on the CBS network at 7:30 . . . Information Please from NBC-Blue at 8:30 . . . Thursday . . . Talk of the Town from CROC at 6:45 . . . Waltz Serenade from CBL at seven . .. Kay Kyser’s College of Musical Knowledge via WOR Mutual at Eight . . . Rudy Vallee from NBC Red at 9:30 . . . Saturday
CROC at 9:45 am. . . . Metropolitan Opera ompany from CBC at
1:55 p.m. .
Waltz King, from the Columbia
Chain at 8:30 . .
Orchestra from CBC at ten Band fr
midnight
29 A metallic
name.
32	Definite article.
33	Retributive justice.
35	Born.
36	Ghastly.
37	To stitch
for your news.
You get the overnight news first from CROC at 6:15 each morning and again at eight — then at 12:15 6:15 p.m. and late night
i) Midday.
10 To recede
shoes.
. Revuedeville via CROC . Mark of the Duke on
Mon-
noon
news at 10:45. Transradio, one of the fastest news services today W the CROC source.
1
1
J
i
-i
j
«r
From CBL you get news by Canadian Press cable at eight in the morning -11:00 p.m.
The CFRB news bureau presents new# at eight each morning 12:30 noon — four in the afternoon — 6:30 and at 10:50.
mercury
rate of only one-half ounce per bushel, and the seed grain may be treated from 24 hours to three months before planting, as may be convenient.
For seed corn there is another organic mercury dust and a different one for veegtable seeds, while for potatoes a wet dip treatment is used. For the control of seeding “damping-off” solution of the organic mercury specific for vegetables may be prepared and applied to the soil with a watering can or in a finer
:o
IQ
17
12:15 noon — 6:30 and
11
1
I
Mutiny on the
Z3
31
at
P-
4

4 t
iA*

Fi I
36

Ellery Queen’s mystery serial, heard on the Columbia chain each Sunday night at ten, offers thrilling tale* of detectives at work. Dial In te catch this one some Sunday even-
1Î
a dilute
40
42
41
»
jr
4
46
Good Deed. Club from
iug
46
49
spray.
a standout
Musk by Faith program — is heard from the OBC chain every Wednesday night at 9: 30. It's a treat!
. Wayne King, the
53 K4
52
5 5b
60
Modern Youth
Seen Improved
. NBC Symphony CBL - CHOC -. Jimmy Dorsey’s NBC Red network at
ru
57
Every Monday and Friday afternoon at 3:30 CROC offers radio listeners a treat when the program —
Dr. Frederic P. Woellner thinks American youth is like American
on
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP The Barter System
V
I HAVEN T GOT/ANY MONEV -YOULL WAVS
TO/take f A CWICK6N
wow ABOUT- THAT TRUCK LOAD o* CAULIFLOWERS I
, S%T CÇF ^Te^oeouern
I M SCNPlNQ OFF ANOTHER
mûcni.oAo'of -CAULIFLOWERS /
TO-N.I6^Tj
WHAT ARE YOU „ >-©IVlH6 MÇ TWO
CHICKENS
a uni-
8.

ALL PIOWt!
RR«
«SSiON
VV1 '
¦M
/f
jfiKti
p»/ M
i


When will
*
% A
i
: Æà
a

l
3
m


m
3
r

f
fl
I
V-

Àn
( r

\
\
6:

X
n r-

»
>
I
>ng
If
Î2JO
MSS, Hr Tb» F II Fût
nef
»#•*
###PAGE###3###
1
K -
WONDER MEDICINE A new remedy for pneumonia, which in its first trials on about 1,500 human beings in the last few months, has proved better than anything previously known, is announced.
The drug is sulfalhiazole, a “relative" of the recently discovered “wonder medicine" sulfanilamide, and is the second such “relative" to prove good for pneumonia. The first was sulfapyridine.
« *
Parcels For Overseas Men
#
V <K

1
| What Science j Is Doing i

CREAM
WANTED
Should Be Carefully Packed, Wrapped and Address Slip Inserted
i
r
We are paying a real high price for cream FO B., Toronto. Write for particulars
and cans.
The Toronto Creamery
The United Farmers
Co-operative Co. Ltd.
Duke and George Streets TORONTO, Ontario.
4

4 4
~	+ + % 4 4
MEASURE HUMAN VOLTAGE
Scientists "at last have measured in terms of voltage the electrical activity of human nerve cells.
Dr. R. Lorente tie No, of the Rockefeller Institute, told physicists at the California Institute of Technology, th:t a single nerve cell, by statistical treatment, has been found to produce an electrical potential as much as 1-16 of a volt.
Officials of the Base Army Post Office, Canada, state that reports have been received from England to the effect that difficulty is being experienced In effecting delivery of parcels mailed from Canada to the members of the Canadian Active Service Force overseas, due to the fact that flimsy wrapping paper is being used on the parcels. In a great many cases the wrappers are badly torn or entirely destroyed, leaving no indication whatsoever as to whom the parcels frelong or who had sent them.
Read For Relief From War-Strain
THAT'S EASY

BIC BEN!

Çbî iutâaMt eate ^ % fiUm ckc&tcoiïû, chJiHohÿ icie t&taati. w
Public libraries can contribute enormously to the “nerve tone" of the civilian population in wartime, Misa Winnifred Kydd, former dean of women at Queen’s University, told the Ontario Library Association at its fortieth annual conference.
Miss Kydd said reading exerted a steadying influence on nerves subjected to the strain of war. By keeping people informed and expanding their knowledge, she added, it helped to prepare them for the peace to follow.
—o—
STAVE OFF THROMBOSIS
Men with bay-window stomachs who are threatened with coronary thrombosis, the heart trouble that kills high-pressure mental workers, can stave off the disease by wearing elastic belts to hold up their “adiposities."
Coronary death is really suffocation of the heart. The “pump" fails to receive enough oxygen from the coronary arteries which feed its muscles.
/
IN HEAVY PAPER
Thousands of parcels of all different shapes ami sizes are being mailed to troops overseas and tha senders should bear in mind that considerable handling is necessarily involved in connection with the sorting, bagging and shipping of tha parcels.
It is essential, therefore, that if the parcels are to be delivered in good conditicj, care must be taken to see that they are carefully and securely packed to enable them to withstand handling in the mails. Several layers of heavy paper and strong twine should be used in the wrapping of the parcels.
» PROPER PACKING
As an extra safeguard a slip also J should be enclosed in each parcel bearing the name and address of the SENDER, as well as Regimental number, rank and name of the addressee, name of the Unit In full, the initials C A S E., and the words “c-o Base Post Office, Canada". Such a slip, furnishing a return address and the address in full of the person for whom the parcel was intended, would be valuable in case the wrapper containing the address was torn away.
Those sending parcels are reminded that If a parcel is worth mailing, it merits proper packing.
»
*
ill

i
»
i
The PERFECT Chewing Tobacco
I
Kwcor
Liniment
Its
1940 Keynote Is Naturalness
- HAVE . YOU HEARD?
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS..
• •
Fashions Sayr Ideal Figure la Slender, But Not Emaciated; New Coiffures Feature Real Straight Hair
NURSERY STOCK
ELECTRIC MOTORS
AGENTS W ANTED
RASPBERRY — 20 VARIETIES IN-
New-Lloyd
MATCH BOOKS — NEW LINE — Just out. Beautiful gold processed samples. Send 10c for packing. Salesmen mention territory wanted. Agents! Act Limited.
Winnipeg
ELECTRIC MOTORS, NEW AND Rebuilt, also pulleys and V-belts. Jones & Moore Electric, 296 Adelaide St. IV., Toronto.
An exploration party, in the in-* ter lor of Brazil reached a point eon# hundred mile# from Iqultoe niter a fortnights hard going, and were unfortunate enough to etrlke am area of dense Jungle and steaming swamps.
During the usual afternoon rest aear one of these, one member of Ike party noticed another pacing up and down, a worried look on hie tecs. He stopped him and asked Jest what was wrong.
“You know," he replied, serious-“I keep thinking today s Thure-
cluding Starlight burgh
George, etc., $2.00 per 100. 150 mixed Gladioli bulbs $1.00. Pine Grove Farm, Spencerville, Ont.
Chief
Viking,
Latham
quickly Wallingford
Paynes
Building
ELECTRIC FENCE
The new vogue for naturalness ought to make spring 1940 a great deal simpler for the beauty-minded.
It's a season to wear a comfortable foundation garment instead of a tightly-laced, wasp-waist corset; to wear your hair straight, If you find that it is becoming minus curls and swirls; to let it be its natural color.
OFFER TO INVENTORS
SHUR-SHOCK ELECTRIC FENCER saves Canadian farmers 80 per cent, of fencing costs. Two Shur-Shock models with the amazing new Disk Pulsator value. Reliably guaranteed. Made In Canada. Write for circular or see 3 our dealer. J. C. Hallman, Petersburg. Ontario._______________
LIGHTNING ROD AGENT WANT, ed to sell Phillips Lightning Protective System. R. Phillips Company Limited, 32 Osborne Avenue, Toronto.
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and full information sent free. The Ramsay Co.. Registered Patent Attorneys. 27* Bank Street. Ottawa. Canada.
Outstanding
AGENTS WANTED FOP. UNIQUE, low-priced portable duplicator. Sells itself in stores, offices, churches, schools, clubs, etc. Dandy proposition for stationer or a specialty man. Box 4, 73 Adelaide Street West Toronto.
PKHNWNAI
QUIT TUBACCU .SNUFF BÎAdiLÏ. inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials. Gujnmt ced Advice free. Bartlett’s Box I Winnipeg.
FILMS
APRIL ADVERTISING SPECIAL — dollar value for 30c and advertisement. Roll developed, printed or eight reprints, with craft embossed enlargement 7 x 10 Photo Service. Box 551. London, Ontario.
The ideal figure at the moment is slender, with a stretched, supple look between hipbones and the hollows underneath the arms. Attention to rules for good posture, limbering and stretching exercises, diet If necessary, and a comfortable flexible foundation garment will accomplish fine results in this direction.
MEN — WOMEN! HERE’S WHAT you’ve been waiting for! A steady
financial security for life — guaranteed you with a Fa-milex Agency of your own. Inquire today without obligation, THE FAMJLEX PRODUCTS. COMPANY. 570 St. Clement, Montreal.
STOP-TOBACCO. Special. Quit smoking, chewing tobacco, snuff, easily, quickly. Complete guaantee treatment, 60c. Reliable Products, Box 251, Regina, Sask.
7.”
London
income
Women never give away any •terete. They swap them.
FOR SALE
RELIGIOUS
TWO-UNIT MILKERS — New as low as $99: guaranteed rebuilt» *a low as $89; also amazing new Grade-A (5 parts replace up to 47 parts on others), free demonstration, get our offer and free Grade-A Guide. Box K, Room X8-4, Sarnia, Ontario.
HEALTH \ TOPICS
ELIJAH COMING Christ.’* Wonderful book sent free. Megiddo Mission. H New York.
BEFORE
?
“Why don’t you walk down the •treat Instead of galloping round to the revolving door?" the hotel porter asked a guest who had explained that he was Just taking a walk before breakfast to sharpen hie appetite.
“I mustn't go too far," said the guest "I’m expecting a telephone eotl any minute
AUTO PARTS AND ACCESSORIES
TO DEALERS WHO ARE IKTER-ested in obtaining a source of supply for a complete line of auto parts, accessories, tires, tubes, batteries, oils, etc., we can assure you the lowest possible wholesale prices; and place you in a position to be competitive to any large catalogue mail order house. Y under no obligations to inquire. Letters will be kept strictly confidential. Dandce Auto Stores, 522 Yonge Street. Toronto.
Rochester.
I
LIFE MADE SIMPLER
Some of the smartest hairdressers are advising chic patrons te try wearing their hair straight. If you have thin, fine hair and a long face, you won't even consider the idea, of course. But if your features are pretty symmetrical, your hair thick and easy to manage, you most certainly will. Especially when you remind yourself that the swimming season Isn't far off.
One new hair-do for uncurled locks features a smooth crown and sides and turned-under ends. Another is parted in the middle with long ends at the back fashioned In a soft, rolled-looking figure eight
SALESMEN WANTED
;
MILKER DISTRIBUTOR - SALES-
FOTJR POUNDS BURLEY AND
men — invest $50.00 and be your own boss; one sale per week beats working for someone else able hard workers earn $3,000 up. retail prices as low as $89, alsr» amazing new macnine by 30-year-old company. State full experience. Box K, Room 8-4A. Sarnia, Ont.
Virginia Leaf $1.00, fifteen pounds $3.00. Four pounds Virginia Leaf Cigarette Tobacco $1.50. Postpaid. O. W. Jeffrey, Leamington, Ont.

• « •
ou are
«tap-
Safeguard Health: A Job For Women
t"
TAYLOR SAFE ALMOST NEW, outside dimensions 46" high. 29" wide, 28* deep, cost $336.00. Sell at half price.
STUDEBAKER 6 MOTOR. GOOD AS new. just right for motor boat. J. N. O'Neill, Georgetown, Ontario.

Canadian women have an important role in winning the war by protecting the health lines of the home front, Dr. Gordon Bates, general director of the Health League of Canada, declared in a recent address.
"You are soldiers of the defence lines just as much as the soldiers in the Maginot line," Dr. Bates said. "Health is important enough in peace time, but in war time it becomes our primary patriotic duty to preserve and improve health." He told the group that next week will be "Toxoid Week."
He cautioned women against thinking that the fight for safe n:ilk was oxer. The public is not entirely won over to the value cf pastern ;zalion,” he said. "Public education must continue. Safe milk prevents disease and we must not rest on our oars now that the government has passed the pasteurization law. Laws are of little use unless they are backed by an educated citizenry."
BABY CHICKS
Hitler le said to be eating one meal a day ae an example to the German public. Other reporte say that the German publie le eating one meal a day as #« example to Goerlng.
SEED FOB SALE
?
ORDER DAB Y CHICKS NOW. ATtractive prices on well bred Barred Rocks, White Leghorns, Hamp-shlrea
A. K. (HARROW) SOYABEANS. Registered1 one. Golden Glow seed corn, grade one. Robert Peck, River Canard, Ontario.
Austrolorps. Write for prices. Wfngham Hatchery. Wing-ham, Ontario.

INDOOR WATER TOILETS
FOR FARM. SUBURBAN AND SUMmer homes, where water facilities are not available.
Home Improvement payments arranged. Circular on request. Canadian Sanitation Company, 67 York Street. Hamilton. .
SEPARATORS FOR SALE
SENSATIONAL LOW PRICES ON Baden High Quality Government Approved chicks. Save money this year. Baden's amazing rock bottom prices enables you to buy Quality chicks at prices you can afford to pay. Standard Quality White Leghorns $8.95, 90 per cent. Pullets $18.95, Barred Rocks, New Hamps $9.45, Pullets $16.90, Cockerels Barred Rocks tic. New Hampa Be, White Rocks, White Wyan-dottes. Light Sussex, Hybrids Barred Rocks x New Hampa, New Hampa x Barred Rocks, White Leghorns x Barred Rocks $10.45, Pullets $16.90, Cockerels $6.95, Big Egg Quality slightly higher. Three week old Capons. Free circular. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery, Limited, Baden. Ontario.
Government
WORLD’S CHEAPEST TO BUY AND use — the only American made separators
bowls, guaranteed never to get out of balance, “whirl drying”, guaranteed rebuilts as low as $58; free catalogs, better get an Anker-Holth than wish you had. Don K. Room SC8-4, Sarnia, Ontario.
They were having a busy day making and boiling plum puddings.
"Mary," said the mistress, "just ## and see if that large pudding is cooked. Stick a knife in it and see If It comes out clean."
In a few minutes Mary returned. “The knife cajne out wonderfully clean, ma'am," she sal : smiling, "so Gi ve stuck all the knives in it."
with
self-balancing
HERB-GROWING
$5,000 CROP FROM HALF ACRE — People everywhere are growing Ginseng and Golden Seal (Medicine herbs). Enormous profits! We supply seed, instructions, buy every pound. Particulars 10c (credited). No triflers. Associated Herb Growers. Box 27W., St. Norbert, Manitoba.
Modern
Etiquette
TRACTOR FOR MALE
35 T RAC-tor In first class condition. Priced to sell. McCormick-Deerlng Agency Galt, Ontario.
AIJJS CHALMERS 20
"Do you consider the defendant a reliable woman,” asked the judge. "Mae she a good reputation for veracity?"
"My lord," replied the witness, "she has to get someone else to call her chickens at feeding-time. They won't believe her."
HOGS FOR SALE
LYONS'
BARGAINS!
BY ROBhK I A LEE
i
ORCHARD VALLEY YORKSHIRES —Present offering — Males. Serviceable age and younger. Sows all ages, bred or open. Sum J. Gal-laugner, AUiston. Ontario.
CHEAP CHICKS ARE NOT Always profitable, buy quality chicks at no higher price and be assured of profits from our blood-tested. government approved White Legnorns. Elmvlew Poultry Farm. Norham. Ontario.
HIGH CLASH RECONDITIONED
FURNITURE
Every article completely reconditioned, guaranteed absolutely clean and sold with a positive money-back guarantee.
$19.50 3-piece chesterfield suite, English tapestry, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$24.00 smart Kroehler chesterfield suite, 3 pieces, upholstered 111 figured velour.
$27.00 large 3-piece chesterfield suite, brown repp material, figured reversible Marshall cushions. Perfect.
$35.00 beautiful brown mohair chesterfield suite, large size, figured reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$24.00 solid oak dining suite, buffet, table and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$49.00 English oak dining suite, 9 pieces, buffet, extension table, cabinet, and 6 chairs.
$24.00 Dinette suite, fumed oak. buffet, drop leaf table and 4 chairs. $59.00 Floor sample dining room suite, English oak. buffet, square extension table and 6 chairs, upholstered In red mohair..
$69.00 smart walnut finish dining suite, buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$89.00 solid walnut dining suite, large buffet, extension table, cabinet and 6 leather upholstered «•hairs.
$19.50 Bedroom suite, walnut finish dresser, steel bed. sagless springs and new mattress.
$39.00 smart bedroom suite In rich walnut finish, dresser, chiffonier, full size bed, sagless spring and new mattress.
$49.00 floor sample bedroom suite, modern dresser, with Venetian mirror, chiffonier and full size bed, In. * new bleached walnut finish.
$59.00 complete modern bedroom suite in waterfall design, blnnched walnut finish, dresser, chiffonier,
• full size bed, sapless spring, new mattress and 2 pillows.
$6.95 largo dressers with S roomy, drawers.
$10.50 walnut finish chiffonier, fiva drawers.
$12.95 Simmons walnut steel bed. sagless spring and new mattress, full size.
$8.95 pull-out couches complete with new mattresses.
$14.95 six-piece breakfast suite, buffet. drop leaf table and 4 chaire. $12.50 Singer drop head sewing machine. Perfect condition.
$9.50 kitchen cabinet with sliding porcelain top.
$6.50 good 3 burner gas stove with high back, guaranteed.
Large assortment rugs, all sises.
In excellent condition at ridiculously low prices.
See us for your summer cottage furniture. We have the largest assortment of good recondltlond far-nlture at the lowest prices In Toronto.
Q. When a girl is attending a party or a dance with a young man, is she not privileged to suggest that they go home at a reasonable hour?
A. Yes. This is not only her privilege, but her duty, as the man should not siygest it. However, she should not suggest, leaving when the affair is only half over.
Q. How should one eat a sandwich?
A. Knife and fork are used for the open-face sandwich. The fingers are used for the regular sandwich, and it should not be broken.
Q. What is the birth stone for the month of April, and "its language"?
A. The diamond, which stands for innocence and purity.
Q. What Is the best way to extend Invitations to a bridge party?
A. If the party Is Informal, invitations may be extended by telephone. Or one may send a visiting card, giving the date, time, and the place, and R. S. V. P.
Q. When having luncheon with a friend In a public place, and you expect each to pay for his own meal, but this friend insists on paying for both, what should you do?
A. Do not argue, or make an issue of It. Let the friend pay, then you pay the next time.
Q. When a hostess Is giving; a bridge party in a public room of a hotel, should she wear a hat?
A. Yes.
HOTELS WANTED
OUR SUCCESS IN SELLING HOT -eis is really phenomenal. We will be pleased to have an opportunity bo try to sell ÿours. Wo advertise in every paper in Ontario. For our terms, write to Bert Weir & Sons, Realtors. London. Ontario.
IT MAKES A DIFFERENCE IN profits the kind of chicks you buy now. Mrs. J. E. Purdy says "Raised 214 Bray chicks, all marketed at months drawn
May. delivery now. Still bargains in started chicks. Bray Hatch 130 John N. Hamilton.
MEASLES ARE SERIOUS
Dr. J. W. Fraser, Kitchener (Ont.) medical officer of health, warned against treating measles lightly, when he addressed home nursing classes sponsored by the Red Cross. He scored the old idea that children should have certain so-called "childrens diseases," and directed attention to research on immunization for such diseases.
5 to 7 lbs. Order Bray «.-hicks early
How Can I?
ery
Pi mg
HUNTER’S llOL'ltltONS
EXHIBITION QUALITY. DESCENDants of our famous prize winners, two pens unrelated approved, blood tested. R. D. Hun ter & Son, Exeter. Ontario.
FOUR DAY TRIP 2.071 MILES TO Fairview, Alberta, 366 miles north of Edmonton in the Peace River District and 297 Barred Rocks and White Rock chicks alive on arrival out of 300 ordered, writes Mr. Hector Girard. That's the kind of chicks that have built up the Tweddle business have these chicks and at the lowest prices in our history made pos. sible by our enormous production and satisfied customers. We have 13 pure breds. 5 cross breds to choose from. Three week old capons, turkey poults, and bargains on started chicks. Free 1940 catalogue on request. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus. Ont.
i
BY ANNt ASM* fc>
Government
Q. How can I tighten loose chair
rungs?
A. Remove the rungs and slightly split the ends. Then Insert small wooden wedges. The harder they are pressed Into the holes, the tighter they will fit.
Q. How can I prevent the formation of icing when making syrup?
A. When the syrup Is coming to â boil, add 1-3 teaspoon cream of tartar to every 2 cups of sugar used. This will prevent the formation ei icing, or turning back to sugar.
Q. How can I clean sine laundry tuba effectively?
A. Scrub the tubs with coarse salt
aid paraffin.
Q. How can I give Immediate treatment to a sprain?
A. Sprains may be relieved by plunging the affected part Into water as hot as can be borne, keeping it hot for half-an hour. Then bind firmly, but not tightly enough to cause discomfort, with adhesive ta##. The beet thing to da is |e have a physician apply the band-
IIED1UAI
&
HEPATULA RELIEVES STOMACH and Liver troubles. Symptoms: Pains 1n right ride, under shoulder blades and across hips, indigestion, gas. constipation, gall trouble. Formula of doctor. Results in one day! Price #.00. Mrs. Geo. s. Almas. Box 1073 w Saskatoon. 8ask.
%
You too can
FREE CATALOG
ECZEMA. RASHES. PILES. SORE Feet, completely relieved by Der-misoothe
household ointment, 25c, at your local druggist, or mailed direct. Write for free sample. Twentieth Century Remedies, 107 Hogarth Avenue, Toronto.
OF GOOD USED FURNITURE
clean, powerful
the
EGG TRAYS
MORE MONEY FOR EGGS. ELIM-lnate loss from cracks and breaks by packing In Keyes Trays (filler flats). 30 doz. large eggs packed in regular cases. Send for free samples or 25c for enough for one case. Postage paid. Hawley Products Ltd., 79 ford, Ontario
Marvelloee bar* m I * priera am fural lure wa have tab trade mad recemrfltleaed. If yarn waat fa refaraleh, practically
as seed ma mew, la both looks
EMBARASSED WITH PIMPLES OR Blackheads? A famous skin specialist’s creme, will relieve you — money-back guarantee. One dollar brings month’s treatment, simple instructions. Hygeia Products. London. Ontario.
mad service, at a PRICE AWAY BBLOW COST OF GOOD NEW' FURNITURE, mad FREIGHT PREPAID, write for this eat Yaw cam positively SAVE
It casts y
Elgin Street, Brant-
Full
x.
to*
SPECIAL! 10 FREE CHICKS WITH EVERY 100 ORDERED: DE-Ilvery your date: proven quality, blood-tested. White Leghorns 9c; Barred Rocks, 10c. Guaranteed
pullets. 90 per cent. 16c.___Rideau
poultry Farm, Billings Bridge,
REAL MONEY aothia* to fled eat. Write TODAY.

PROPERTY FOR SALE
ROYAL CHESTERFIELD arse lHpt. W., ## Richmond East Toroalo
HUNDRED AND TWENTY ACRES, good locality, soil and buildings, bearing orchard, close to canning factory. Church and School, Clarence Mallory, Bloomfield, Ontario.
Ont
'
WE OFFER YOU HEALTH
Send for your FREE copy of our "Family Botanic Guide'* and un how you can secure quick relief from ailments of Stomach, Liver, Kidney* and Constipation. Reliable remedies. Reasonably priced. Don't gamble with you* health. Write today. Health Pro-, ducts Limited. Department R., Saskatoon, Saak.
CANADIAN POULTRY REVIEW
CANADA’S OLDEST AND BEST poultry magazine. A real help to any poultryman. large or small. Only $1.00 per year. Sample copy. 10c. Canadian Poultry Review, Adelaide Street West, Tor-
Calories and Color
HUNDRED ACRES CLOSE TO PIC-ton> great canning factory center; good locality, soil and buildings Clarence Mallory, Bloomfield, Ont,
lea
Usually a meal that is very
colorful and pleasing to the age la wtH balanced h calories and other food values, writes Miss Sadis B. Chambers, food expert. Vegetables, which retain their color are more anpetizlag ae well # containing all the vitamins, ae cook vegetables such as beans and pea# uncovered in rapidly boiling water. Soften the water in which you boil onions, ca#liflow other white vegetables with a little ream of tartar added to th? boiling water.
M

bf#-
A A##
n ebony hare b
ew oaa I o mirrors
S'
PUPS FOR SALE
ti
CHRONIC SUFFERERS
PUREBRED WIREHAJRKD FOX-terrier pup», eight weeks old from show winning stock. Reasonable. A N. Robinson, Stratford, Ont.
M appearance?
*rr rubbing % Wile white vaêf USe thlo them will a sok oioâi ™ until the woo) baa absorbed ap ' «• grease and taken Æ a r*4h
MEDICAL SPECIFICS FOR ANY ailment. Write me all your symptoms. H. <\ Sanders, Amherst. N.8.
1 À*
“MIDDLE AGE" WOM
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
U AH DEN SPECIALS
Thousands go thru this “trying time" by taking Pinkham's-well known r for helping female funo | tional troubles Try til
LYDIA L PINKHAM’S
^ VEGETABLE COMPOUND
ASSORTED — SIX FRUIT TREES $5.nn. six Roses $3 00. Three hundred Strawberries $6.00. Fifty Rnsnl.errlcs $4.00. Complete Rets supplied. Cash with urlington Nursery •n. Ontario.
A
i
Used
New
<


SPECIALIZING IN RKISI'll.T MOTORS, POWER.I NITS. IlyOssile
About 2,000 persons In Vienna w employed in plants making & f kout buttons, which are lumi-roeettea or flowers worn by pedestrians at night.
»
nu
;
i
and
Ifalete. Wlerhes. Generator*. Start-
O
r
f
erHaretore. Radial
4
LYONS FURNITURE CO 478 Yonge St.

ISSUE NO. 16-’40
C
Satlafeetlaa ar ref wad. Levy A w I * Parle, Toronto.
Toronto
4
;
i

-4


i
\
###PAGE###4###
'.
U



\
;-xÿ
Wi '

zi/i/f/i / ; zizyizvizizyiyj z iz

o
THE EQUITY
SHAWVILLE, APRIL 25, 1940
orchard on that warm early September morning.
It was obvious that she was deeply stirred by the event. She remembered the last great war. She had lost her father in it ; her family in a small town in the North was broken up ; she came South in search of a new home and had found it here. She'married, brought up a family and lived quietly and peacefully. And now here was the holocaust again, and all that was dear and beloved was threatened once more.
Must she, like her mother, also go | through the ordeal of war ! Must every generation of men and women be uprooted and cast about by storms such as this ? And when the solemn voice the radio spoke of the “evil things which England had at that moment challenged to surpress them. There was something so simple and honest in the grief of this pleasant woman, wife and mother, that it could not but grip the heart of everyone who noticed it.
Later I realised that on that Sunday morning, in that smalf cottage in Sussex 1 had been privileged to see a small crossection of English life and sentiment as it was in those early weeks of the war. Probably the overwhelming majority of the English people thought and felt about the war then as did our hostess. The prevalent mood was one of terrible regret that the ordeal should have to be experienced all over again.
That mood and that scene so remote now as to be almost history sorrow, grief, still are met with, but they are not the prevailing sentiments in present-day England. Other, stronger emotions have taken their place. Probably first among them is an ever-growing anger with Germany, a feeling such as one has against a band of hooligans who continue to disturb the peace of the world
stubborn determination that these disturbers must be punished and taught and for all that international hooliganism will no longer be tolerated.
To these is added a feeling that the present struggle which has been forced upon England must be brought to a successful conclusion, and there is a complete confidence that this can and will be done. There is also <i feeling of exuberance of youth and strength in the land such as one has not been accustomed to associate with the sedate English, a new courage and faith is abroad in England, a feeling that this “isle set in 1940, in- the silver sea” has not lost its virility, dex of physical volume of business its intrepid courage its love of advep-showed a gain of 20 per cent, over the ture, its ability to hgnt. The fact is corresponding period of 1939.	that British sportsmanship has been
Index of mineral production rose 13 awakened by the war, and this has per cent	' given the conflict a colour, interest and
Index of operations in m inufacturing enthusiasm which it did not have six
P'OtUimt KeUngots up 97 per cent. Above <dl, the last few months have
of automobiles nearly 22 per cent.	brought a new pride to England The
Exports, exclusive of gold, rose 26 battle of the River Plate, the exploits of
percent. Imports gafned 69 per cent. | the destroyer Cossack , the flights of
Estimated number of wage earners the R.A.I. over Uermany, the battles of
the simp e fishermen with the German
bombers, the successful struggle of
the inir.e-sweepeis against the magnetic
mine, all of these have aroused a new
pride and have created a new spirit in
the country
One sees evidence of this spirit on
wi the outburst of enthusi-
N
H odgins Garage
\
SEED
and
SEEDS
Quebec province paid out $100,292, « 30 in unemployment relief from Dec. ll, 1930, when sanction was given the first unemployment relief law, until June 1939, it was revealed in the provincial auditor’s report tabled in the legislature.
Quebec House Approves Bill on Women's Votes
After a spirited attack by Opposition Leader Maurice Duplessis, a government bill granting women the right to vote in provincial elections and to be eligible as candidates for the legislature received third reading in the legislative assembly, on Thursday, April 18th.
Sponsored by Premier Adelard God bout, the measure is subject to ratification by the legislative council, provincial Upper House. In the Lower House it passed in second reading by a vote of 67 to 9 and the division held on final reading.
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales

over
A Choice Lot to Choose From
Change your old model and get a better
1934 V-8 Ford Coupe with R.S.
1937 Chevrolet Coach with Trunk
1937	Pontiac Sedan model 224 Deluxe
1938	Dodge Coach with sedan seat in front 1938 Chevrolet Coach with sedan seat H.O. Tires
1938 Chevrolet Coach with 4-ply tires 1936 Maple Leaf Truck Stake Body Dual Wheels
Why not have your car overhauled now, so that you can drive in safety
Drive in today
have Timothy, Red Clover, Alfalfa,
We now
Sweet Clover, Alsike, Flax, tied Top, etc., I
one
in Stock.
Car of No. 1 O.A.C. 21 Seed Barley to be given out on contract.
Canada’s War Economy
We will also have Wheat, Peas, Banner Oats, Alaska Oats, Victory Oats, Buck Wheat, and other seed grains as soon as the roads are open for trucking.
Why not come in today and arrange for your seed requirements ?
Some seeds are going to be scarce, we | advise that you order yours without delay
Canada enters the seventh month of
i stand the
In the coming fiscal
war well equipped to
economic strain.	_
year, it is expected that the war will
cost Canada around $500,000,000. Heavy as this burden will be, it amounts to only about 12 per cent, of Canada’s national income, estimated at
$4,100,000,000.	.
Compare the figures for Great Britain
and Gei many.
Britain’s war expenditure now calls for about 29 per cent, of the estimated national income. German war expenditure is around 40 per cent, of the estimated national income.
Which means unless Germany can increase her national income (which is improbable) she cannot largely her war exenditure without making heavy inroads on a standard of living already below that of the Allied coun-
Regret,
With this is mingled a
U
once
U
J. Lé. HODGINS
increase
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., RED’D
o Rhone 64 J.
. Q
zizi/i/i/iziziZi/izi/tyi/'ZiZiZj/Lzyyiz
tries
Here are a few figures from the Dominion Bureau of Statistics to show-how business conditions in Canada ft re improving :
For the first two months of
u
The
FORD V-8
IQ
mi
?
tur
10
?z
30
I r*i r
JUl
GBBBBQBBBBBBBBBQBBBBBBBBBB^

'BB2SBBSB22BB52
XI
The Hodgins’ Lumber Go.
X
X
X
X
X
X
p
V
X
CUSTOM SAWING
X
x
unemployed declined 21 per cent
N
53
S
N
tir
x
X
X
Impressions of Britain in Wartime No XII
By “Neutral Observer*’
If one were to ask what was the most outstanding psychological change that had taken place in England after the first six months of the war, one would find no difficulty in giving a quick and
it is that The war which has so far failed to come to the Western Front has come to England. The curious conflict which has barely reached the armies has become part and parcel of the mental and emotional life of the English people.
Hitff a year ago, the war with all the great changes it wrought in the life of wr*' the country, with all the hardships and complications it entailed, with the numerous duties and obligations it imposed. was only an external fact of military and political importance. It was primarily a problem of the GovernS ment and of the various branches of the
The people as a whole sanctioned it, approved it, but they were not touched by it. The hearts ot the average man and woman in Britain too ardently desired peace to be able to accept war and make it their own.
Now, after six months, an observer of England can say with certainty that the war has come to occuuy a place in the hearts of Englishmen. The conflict longer is merely a matter of régula fions pertaining to black-outs, rationing and other discomforts of war ; it has awakened profound interest ; it has stirred deep emotions of love and pride ; v it has become the daily affair and concern of the man in the street and the ,
woman in the house.	It	has	become	Golf	1$ Popular Study
historf EngH#h life’	n0t	0nly	of ,f*	With	Nation’s	Scholars
One scene of the first days of the war yearly 400,0.00 high school and uni-which constantly recurs to the mind verslty students have been intro-vividly illustrates this remarkable duced to golf through school inchangé. It was on the memorable Sun- struction during the past three day when Mr Chamberlain, in the years, according to a survey made famous broadcast, announced that a by the National Golf foundation.
*>f war now	existed	between	The	400,000	growth is	the	largest
England and Germany. I found my- increase in golf’s roster during any self UkMHOJI smajl cottage in a Sussex three-year period of the games vrtfhge. It was one of the numerous American history. The foundation English country homes to which London investigation revealed impetus for children and families had been evacuat- the increase was furnished by school ed. The small sitting room was crowd- physical educators’ extension of a tried with silent, eager listeners. There letic programs to enlist participation was the host, his wife, their two boys, of all students unless physically in-three evacuated children with their capacitated, and greater emphasis parents and a young woman teacher who now being placed on sports hav :ng had brought a party of evacuated carry-over value for students in postchildren to the village The usual scheol life.	,
English reserve was fully maintained, Co-operation of golf professionals despite the solemnity of the occasion. in providing expert instruction td The only U in the room which gave school students also is credited with •any evidence o', .he effect produced by being a major factor in the devel-the historic evrot that was being enact opment.
ed before us, was tuat of our hostess Among universities now boasting She was pleasant middle aged woman of student golf courses having high
SESSjirïSSSr'-5S
feature, that reminded	one	of her	State	college
Place
We are now delivering Mill Wood, your order now.
&
SI
X
The lower-priced I'.ctd V; 8, with a character of i^s
is definitely modem in evident in the deep hood, the low grille, the long.
smooth lines and the accent upon size and roominess.
own, This is
every detail of design
every step
with which the war pictures are received by cinema audiences, in the warmth with which popular members of the Government are received, in the fervour with which “God Save the King” is sung and in numerous similar little acts of daily.life.
To the writer of these lines however, g the most convincing proof of the great change was supplied by a sing e figure in the huge crowd on Trafalgar Square that greated the heYoes of the cruisers “Exeter” and “Aj tx" when they marched through London. It w.is our pleas-j g ant hostess of the Sussex cottage of six Q months ago. Her two boys have enlist- § td in the Navy, her husband was in the Army, and she tor k a day off from her work and came to London to cheer the boys of the River Plate battle >he cheered with so much gusto, pride and motherly love in her shining blue eyes that she, no less than the marching sailors themselves, warmed every British heart (and also of all lovers ot Britain.)
Changes such as these are not infrequent in war. but they usually come after invasion, bombardments or military defeats. That such a change should have come before the |»eople and the Army had experienced any of the tragic and dramatic events of war is a fact of remarkable significance.

ism
a
a
x
Saw-Logs Wanted
X


sure answer
Like the De Luxe Fold, it has advanced in value
all along the line, with a great number of important
It has the same extra inches of leg room. Finger-Tip Gearshift. Controlled Ventilation, Sealed-Beam Ficad-lamps. and the same quiet, easy-shifting
The improved shock absorbers, and the flexible springs and new torsion bar tide-stabilizer,
Its big hydraulic
We are now in the market for all kinds of Saw Logs.
Phone 27
a
Cash paid on delivery.
S3


new features.

a
£
1 THE HODGINS’ LUMBER COMPANY
?
X
X
£

transmission.
Quebec
Shawville,
225?jsanBnoEsncDQiMSffltans
i
more
give it an outstandingly level ride brakes give straight, quick stops.

SQQQQQQQG

MM

And
The 85 horse power Ford V-8 engine gives usual operating economy, with outstanding perfor-
Many owners report 22 to 27 miles per gallon
un-
Services
THIS BANK-AND YOU
mance of gasoline.
Whether you choose the Ford V-8 or the De Luxe Ford V-8, you know that the matchless experience and manufacturing facilities of the Ford Motor Company you of the best possible value for the money you
BANKING SERVICES which you most frequently use are— SAVINGS ACCOUNTS—for real savings and investment
funds.	.
CHECKING ACCOUNTS—for current business or personal transactions.	. .	,	,	»
SAFETY DEPOSIT BOXES—for your securities and valued
no
assure
invest.
papers.
LOANS—Business or Personal.
LETTERS OFDCRESDIT^ÎnVETSTMENTS (safekeeping and exchanges).
Know Your Bank—it can help you.
TRAVELLERS’ CHEQUES
Horses and cattle taken in part ptym.mt
G. A. Howard & Son
The BANK of
Quebec
Shawville
CENTURY OF BANKING EXPERIENCE
Soldiers »eated Free
1 tin* New Zealand Government loan is for the duration of the war and six months after. Commenting on this very generous offer, Mr. Fraser, Deputy Prime Minister of New Zealand «aid that although this was the. most, spectacular offer of assistance received hy the Government it was only one of the many.
EST. 1 832 —OVER A
The
Officers and other ranks of the Canadian Active Service Force who be-1 come ill while on leave or furlough | with pay in Canada are eligible for medical treatment at Public expense, according to institutions issued by the ;
Department of National Defence. To benefit by this treatment, they must report to the nearest military authority Flghfc for |deaig who will communicate with the Medical *
Officer of the district in which they are temporarily residing.
that Seat No. 5 be declared vacant.— Carried.
On motion of Cr. Young, the meeting
adjourned.	*
South Onslow Council
April 19th, 1940
A special meeting of the Municipal Council held on above date at the usual place of meeting, all members having received due notice. Meeting called for discussion of qualifications of Seat
Members present : Councillors Mul-doon, Clarke, Young, Fraser and Westbrook.
On motion of Crs. Young Fr ser, that in the. absence of Mayor A. Kennedy, that Councillor Muldoon be appointed Mayor nro tern.—Carried.
1 On motion of C:t. Clarks- Wc-»Srookf
Jos. A. Stkkle Sec. Trcas
‘T am far from thinking that the wonii- « inflicted on our civilisation need be mortal. But I do think that we are fighting for its life ; and inasmuch as I that 1 ife finally depends upon the ideals j th it tnspin it, 1 think we have no The recent offer of the New Zealand ( choice but to r »i.<t ar.d dt feat by force Bank to lend £1,0000,000 free of in-. the uu»< i. to - inch ihoart ideals—yours terest to its Government for war pur-1 as well . * mine—are now exposed."— po«ee has been gratefuMy a cepted by j Lord rWifax at Oxford.
An American pressman arranged with his monthly paper to sen 1 his reports from Germany in blue in » if true, and r d ink if false The first written in blue ink, ran as follows : No grumbling; ty everywhere ; conviction of victory.
r mates tala;
New Zealand Bank s Contribution
uni
Food is plentiful red ink is the only commodity unobtain
able”.
so are
###PAGE###5###

Servies Announcement
Tariff of Tolls to be Collected During
Season 1940, by
lThe Equity
Shaw villes United Church Kkv A. F. Forks B. A.. B.D,. I’AStor
DALE’S TINSHOP
Established 1883
PUBLMHHD KVKIlY THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILLK, QUEBEC
Sunday, April 28 — Service at Shawville
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
11.00 a. m
1.30	p.m.—Service at Zion
3.30	p.m.—Service at Stark’s Corners
Communion Service and reception of members.
The Quinze Rapids Improvement Co., Ltd.
For Use of Improvements 1
f
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
$1.50
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
Maple Syrup Requirements
Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment ? If not, do so now ! we can supply you with :
Sap Cans,
Maple Syrup Cans Spoils,
2.00
r> cents
All arrears must be paid In fall before any paper Is discontinued
Saw logs, 17 feet and under, j>er 1 ,<)00 feet Board Measure.
lied and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, round or flitted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, per 1,000 feet Board Measure.............................
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock, and all other woods, ronnd or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet Board Measure.........................’•......
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, square or waney board, per 1,000 Cubic I'eet.....
Pulp wood, per Cord.....................................
7.30 p.m.—Service at Shawville Sermon Subject
“After the little foxes again”.
W. O. COWAN, PUBLISHER
6j cents
Bristol United Church
Rev. C. ARMSTRONG SALEH, B, D.
Sunday, April 28
Sunday School 10.00 Service at
Service at Service at
Masonry Waterproofing
A colorless waterproofing liquid is being marketed which, its manufacturers maintain, will prevent the entrance of water or snow Into joints, cracks, or fissures in brick, concrete, stucco, art stone, cut stone, and other porous masonry. This liquid prevents ugly staining of walls and ornamental stone construction without changing the appearance of the building. It penetrates and fills the pores, leaving an inner lining of an insoluble substance.
Pans, all sizes Evaporators Iron Coolers
7J cents
St. Andrews
11.00
Knox,
Austin,
Sermon Subject Christianity or Paganism—Which ]
2.30
75 cents
7.30
5 cent
LESLIE DALE
Shawville,
E. C. WOOLSEY
Secretary
ANGLICAN St. Paul’s
Sunday, April 28
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School Morning Service Withdrawn
7.30 p. in.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
11.00	a. m —Holy Communion
St. Luke’s
2.00 p m.—Evening Prayer
Parish of North Clarendon Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge Sunday, April 28
Qreermount, Morning Prayer 10 30 Thorne Centre, Evening Prayer 2 30 Charter is,	Evening	Prayer	7.30
Quebec
Iran Forms Aero Club
i To make, his country more air minded, the shah of Iran has caused the organization of an aero club, which will interest itself in the construction in Iran of airports, hangars and schools for pilots. The shah made a substantial contribution to the club and other members of the imperial family and government officials in Teheran also donated funds. Any contributor of $600 or is privileged to be presented
Certified Chicks
Big Annual Gold Seal Lucky Number Contest
Opens Friday, April 26th, 1940
Shawville Co-operative Hatchery
B. T. STARK, Manager
more to the shah
Quebec
Shawville,
All the flocks are blood-tested and under the
Quebec Government Inspection.
Eggs must weigh at least 2 ounces each.
Our chicks are issued from vigorous birds of standard size and selected for egg production
Billy Goat’* Popularity
» Is Increasing in South
No longer can the popular conception of a billy goat be that of a straggly-haired, dirty, long-whiskered animal that spends its days nuzzling through garbage piles.
The goat has become respectable.
In fact, 'said Dr. J. L. Wright of the Memphis, Tennessee, Small Animal clinic, the goat has obtained such respectability that at least 100 home owners in Memphis keep one
of them in backyards.
*
Prc-Civil War Buildings Rated as America’s Best
The general excellence of American architecture reached its highest point during the 40 years just prior to the Civil war, says Talbot F. Hamlin, librarian at Columbia
L.
*
Watch for Window Display
BREEDS
Announcing This Event t
university.	:
i The character of American towns from the Atlantic to the Great Lakes and the Mississippi was formed by the architecture of this period, Mr. Hamlin points out in a report published by the Columbia University Press.
Barred-Plymouth Rock — White Leghorn — New Hampshire
Chicks will be available on the
following Dates.
We have been featuring1 this contest for some years with success
or more Home owners in other cities also becoming goat herdsmen, Dr. Wright revealed.
There are several reasons, he said, why goats are becoming popular with city dwellers.
One is the new operation known goat debleating. A general or local anesthetic is given to the animal and the neck is pierced through the thyroid space of the larynx. A V-shaped piece is taken out of each vocal cord, which prevents the goat from bleating and keeps irritable neighbors from complaining to police that they can’t sleep.
Another reason for the sudden popularity of-goats as a domestic animal in cities is because of the nutritious, easily assimilable quality of the milk—which is good for children and invalids.
$12.00 per 100 12 00 “ “ 11.00 44 “ 10 00 “ 14
are
March, 25 and 28..............
April 1, 4, 8, 11, 15, 18, 22, 25, 29
May 2. 0. 9...................
44	1:3,16,20,23	.........
44	27 and 30.....’.........
Jane 3, 6, 10, 13, 17, 20, 24, 27..
For White Leghorns $1.00 less per 100 than above prices
Order Early—Many hatches already partly ordered. To avoid
Disappointment Order To<jk*y
%
This was an era of big and small Mr. Hamlin continues,
%
Ask the lucky winners
houses.
“6ut, excepting certain areas of the largest cities, and certain shacks and cabins of the purely shiftless, it was not a period of rich and poor houses. Squalidness is so rare as, to be violently noticeable.
“Never, before or since, has there j oeen a period when the general level of excellence was so high in American—architecture, when the ideal was so constant and its varying expressions so harmonious, when the towns and villages, large and small, lad in them so much of unostentatious unity and loveliness. Walking through these towns one falls at once under the influence of this spirit and. feels that these buildings were designed by, and built for, a people who had a new, vivid, almost overmastering aesthetic sensitiveness and love of beauty in form and line."
™ .	.	, .	v This period of outstanding archi-
Gold Seal style leadership hits an all-Lime g tectural development in the United
new line for 1940. #
try, according to Hamlin.
“Though this movement was as wide as Western culture, its American expression was especially significant, and unique in its character because of the special conditions which surrounded the North American colonies
<*


9.00

8 00
as
€
Congoleum Patterns for 1940
Congoleum Cold Seal Rugs ----------- E Congoleum Cold Seal By-the-yard
Humor Becomes History	g	‘	n
uig°.rld. - 5 Congoleum Gold Seal Hall Runners .
ESTABLISHED 1883
S
COACH
INVALID
i
war, .
dispel the gloom with a bit of humor. Accordingly, he wrote an imaginary story of the invention of the bathtub. As the Mencken fiction ran, it was the brainchild of one Adam Thompson of Cincinnati, incased in Nicaraguan mahogany, metal lined and weighed 1,700 pounds. He invited guests to try the new experi-The daily papers reported the event and the “first bathtub" was denounced by doctors, ministers and public officials. Laws were passed to regulate its use and heavy taxes imposed. Much to Mencken’s horror and amazement, the story was accepted as history in spite of its obvious impossibilities. He hastened to explain, disavow and repudiate,* all to no purpose. He admitted that the story was wholly a fabrication only to amuse, but—it goes marching on. It is immured in the Congressional Record, has wormed its into learned journals and into
This
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Directors of Funeral Service
high in the gorgeous
Designed by experts in the field of colour and home decorating styles, they are key with the most up-to-the-minute £
trends.	E
n
Look over the new designs carefully. There’s | design for every room in the house
Shawville, Que.
in
Phone 80
ence
For the American Revolution brought a cultural as .veil as a political liberation. If EngS land was now no longer the cultural B inspiration, a more real inspiration *4 came to take its place—that great Q fecundating inspiration that had sent wave after wave of influences across g the surface of Western life—the inB spiration of the ancient classic g ' wnrid of Greece and Rome. r~*v R | whole country became at last archill ! tecturally independent and architects turally ‘classic.’ The colonial atti-E tude was dead."
A
a
.T*T*TuTu.rwTXTm;
MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
The
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
Grocery Specials
way
standard works of reference particular piece of humor insists on becoming history.
;
$1.00
3 dozen
Salt Herring»
Rinso,
Oxydol Chipso
Soap Chips, 3 pound package .........
Bonr Ame, cake or powder.............
G.M. Floor Wax, paste ...............
G.M. Self Polishing Wax, large tin...
Zebra Stove Polish, paste, per tin...
Non Such Stove Polish, liquid, bottle
Babbetts Cleanser, per tin...........
Old Dutch Cleanser, per tin..........
O Cedar Polish, per bottle...........
Lemon Oil,	"	" ..........•—
Steel Wool, per package .............
Pearl, Comfort or P & G Soap per bar
Lux. large package...................
Brooms, good quality, each............
Cooked Macaroni with Cheese large tin
Clerks Pork f Beans, large tin ......
Habitant Pea or Vegetable Soup.......
Mixed Cookies, per pound ............
*
Ox Teams Still Used
At Vermont Sawmill
.23
25c
large package
4 *	4*
Maypo Spread, large tin............
Harry Horne’s Pudding Powder, 2 for
Plumb Jam,, large jar...............
Pure Strawberry Jam, 2 lb. tin......
Apple and Strawberry Jam, 4 lb. tin ...
“Crispie” Sweet Mustard Pickles.....
" Sweet Pickles.........v.......
•• Sour Pickles.................
.23
Device Locates Forest Fires
A range finder for use in locating forest fires and distant objects and which automatically points to the exact location of the fire without reference to maps has been developed by a government employee, according to a patent issued to Donald P. Bennett of Washington. The ange finder includes a table on which is mounted a circular perspective photograph of the surrounding field of view. Rotatably mounted on the table is an alidade, a sighting device. On the alidade, in turn, is mounted a horizontal beam on which slides a spattered silver mirror mounted at 45 degrees and from which hangs* a pointer. In locating a distant forest fire or ob. ject, the forest ranger sights his alidade toward the spot and then slides the mirror along the horizontal beam until the image of the real object in the mirror and of the photograph coincide in thq eye of the ringer. The pointer will then indicate on the photograph the exact location of the object.
19c
.23
Ox teams are still in use in some parts of New England, notably in Ripton, Vt., where the animals are used to haul logs to the sawmill.
Ripton once possessed as many as 40 such ox teams, according to a resident whose father used to shoe them in his blacksmith shop. Sixty or 70 years ago Ripton was a thriving, active town, inhabited by farmers, lumber men and dairy men.
But the railroad failed to take in the village in its course, and without progressive transportation the community began to dwindle, as men's eyes began to look longingly at the more fertile land out west and the easier, warmer climate to th and to the greater comfort of city living.
Ripton, like ma^y mountain local-become ai nest a inserted . The winter population dei tj kwi than 200. Where i d t be five schoolhouses, is needed. Two big
44
44
25c
.25
.14
29c
.25
49c
50
.15
25c
1
.19
25c
.05
.10
25c
.25
.25
.10
05
25
>
the
.30
.18
.15
%
ties
vill-fie cret* "
y
.12
.15
C. F. HodginsCo, Limited
he
Successor t
now o y 6i Kurv.ies united to form one tiny
52
? P
congreg.” n.
###PAGE###6###
Spring Planting : Miss England Goes Back to the Land
the password
IS OGDEN'S I
VOICE
or THE
PRESS
NEWS



7
üm
I
PARADE
mm


im
%


For rolling a cooler, sweeter, more fragrant cigarette the password is always "Ogden's". Recognized #ar and wide as the best "guard" to true smoking pleasure, Ogden's Fine Cut provides major satisfaction in rolling your own. A package of this better cigarette tobacco with“Chantec!er"or"Vogue ’ papers—thgre’s a combination that will pass the test-anyplace, anytime.


i
j
ii
u
SB

1
*
¦

m.
The long-awaited spring offensive by Germany came with a suddenness that threw the September 1 Blitzzrieg against Poland into
the shade.	HHjjNHfl
hours, the capitals of two neutral countries had fallen into the hands of the Nazi conquerors.
The entire situation in Europe changed overnight. Before the new state of affairs could be accurately assessed and events seen li their true perspective, a certain period of time would have to elapse. For the time being, of course, the war of nerves was ever. But what did the future hold?
XI

CHURCH ATTENDANCE
If absence makes the heart grow fonder a lot of men must Jove the church.

I*	>''
4






Within twenty-four

Brandon Sun.

I

,
¦
NO LONGER FORBIDDEN
Hepburn said that after the election was over the people of Ontario might see March of Time’s Canada at War. Now that the ban is off who’ll want to see it?
—Hamilton Sjf&ctafcor.
APPRENTICES AGAIN
Improvement in the industrial situation is indicated by nouncement that many plants are taking on apprentices. What they should have been doing years ago.
—Owen Sound Sun-Times.
*


¦

is

<

mm
I
88E
Ask For
Ogitn’t
\
Ping
? *

g:

I
i





Cut
Pf
an-

&
**¦

$

**-

A number of important questions, geographic, diplomatic, even omic, were raised by Hitler’s invasion of Denmark and Scandinavia: Was the German action merely a counter-move against the Allies in order to secure bases to break the British blockade? Or was it also a political move, consequent upon which the conquered territories would be reduced to the status of Austria, Czechoslovakia, Poland ? Would the Allies be able to drive the German army out of their new entrenched positions by air bombardments, by a naval war, or by land action?
Would Holland and Belgium be the next countries to undergo invasion by German armies?
Would the Balkan front be epened up while the attention ex the powers was *a the north? Would Mussolini seize the opportunity to take over Yugoslavia and form a new "Adriatic bloc”? Wbat would hapnen | big seeds to Iceland, Greenland ? What | distances would Russia do, should the war in the north be prolonged? What effect would the new Nazi aggressions have on the neutrality ef the United States?
One thing was certain at the •uteet — Germany would now gave butter as well as guns. The eutting-off of all Danish exports to Great Britain (her best cus-?mer) meant the release of enormous supplies of butter, bacon, eggs for German consumption.
The April 9 Blitzkrieg also #d Germany of vital raw materials from Scandinavia — iron ore,
Iron pyrites, zinc, antimony and timber — needed to carry on the war.
;
%
as:
ft

Coot AMO
s



J
LISTENING TO SPEECHES
Just one thing more. The election campaign demonstrated that people who think 20 minutes is the limit for a good sermon sat and listened for 90 minutes to a
political address.
Peterborough Examiner.




With all the meti of military age gone to the wars and with England needing more home-produced food than ever before, the women have stepped into the breach with the determination to raise a bumper crop for John Bull this year. Here is a scene on a big farm at Bury St. Edmunds, where women of the land army are digging and planting from sunup to sunset. Most of these women have menfolk at the ;ront or at military stations in England.
OGDEN’S
FINE CUT
J
INTERFERING WITH NATURE
When hens laid in the spring, as nature intended, eggs were a good price all winter long. Now that hens have been tricked into laying all winter the best price for eggs is some other time. Poultry raisers must feel the same about it as a reasoned producer who exuaimed years ago that "The packers want the kind of cattle the farmer ain’t got.’’
—Farmer’s Advocate,
or other large animal charged at me, I would scream terrifically. Almost always my screams would divert them. I must have hurt their e-ard urns. Only rarely was I forced to shoot."
contingent, too, from the United Kingdom — larger than usual this year because of the boys and girls who were touring Canada when the war broke out, and whose parents decided they should remain at Canadian schools rather than go back home. Other countries contribute at least 300 students a year.
There Is a fairly large movement of students between provinces. Nearly 6,000 attend colleges or private schools outside of their province of ordinary residence. The National Federation of Canadian Uni-vesity Students, with the co-operation of the universities, in recent years has facilitated this exchange by providing an whereby students in different universities may exchange places for a year.
Pupil Exchange Idea Valuable
coarse does not apply to very bar-dy vegetables or flowers or to the prw seed. These should be sown a# soon as ground is fit to
work.
Helpful to Students and To Countries. Promotes Understanding and Good-will
GIVE THEM ROOM
Spacing is important as 'even the enthusiast does not care to spend much time kneeling and thinning. Labcr can be saved by properly •pacing the seed as planted. Corn, beats, peas and similar plants with i can easily be sown at the , advocated on the packet. With tiny seeded lettuce or alyssum however, it is practically impos-•lb to space by hand but if the seed la first mixed with a little sand and the whole sown carefblly, plants will be spread out.
FOR THE OVERWORKED
There are flower gardens that fit almost any situation. For those people who have neither the time nor Inclination there are plenty of annual flowers that thrive on neglect. A little digging of the ground In the late Spring is all that is required. Take such things as alyssum. the dwarf marigolds, portulaea and the California poppies for edging. These stocky little flowers almost seed themselves, crowd out weeds, do wall In any location, but prefer the sum and light soil. Once started they will look after themselves.
Germans Can Eat At Big Festivities
held
There never was a time when mutual understanding among young people living at a distance from one another was as sorely needed as in our day and age, says the Kitchener Record. So it is of interest to notice something of the way In which our schools help young Canadians to become acquainted in other provinces and other countries.
Each year brings over 2,000 fulltime students from the United States to our colleges and private schools, in addition to those who come for summer courses. A third or more of these come to our French language institutions, and probably most of them are from families who were at one time Canadian.
EXCHANGE AMONG PROVINCES
Several hundred come each year from Newfoundland, especially to Atlantic provinces, and nearly hundred from the British West Indies who also study mainly in the Maritimes. There is a considerable
Allowed Special Rations to Observe Marriages ami A*.ni-
I
Screams Scare Charging Beast
The German people, after seven mouths of strict food rationing, now have the prospect of at least belli* able to celebrate marriages and anniversaries with the customary dinner.
arrangement
Mrs. Osa Johnson, Wild Game Hunter, Finds Them Effective In Beating Off Foes
Food-rationing offices have been officially instructed by the minister for food and agriculture that special rations may be granted upon apPlocation for these family célébrations. The ministerial order, however, limited the number of participants receiving such favore * treatment to
The Book Shell..
Girls, if a rhinoceros or an enraged elephant should charge you, do you know the best thing for you to do? Just scream, scream as loud and as long as you can, or as long as necessary to make the frightened animal turn and run, says a story from Washington, D C., in the New York Sun.
This is the advice given last week by one of the most experienced wo-wild game hunters, Mrs. Osa Johnson, widow of Martin Johnson, the explorer and writer.
Mrs. Johnson illustrated her nj-vice from her own experiences: "Martin and I,” she said, "disliked to shoot any animal we had taken pictures of.
"When an elephant, a rhinoceros
A DOCTOR’S HOLIDAY IN IRAN By Rosalie Morton
Dr. Morton, famous woman physician and surgeon, here presents an informal and informative study of Persia, the ancient Eastern land which has turned its face toward progress at a time when Europe shows signs of evolution in reverse. "The unveiling of women,” writes Dr. Morton, caught the world’s imagination, but this is only a minor phase of the awakening of Asia. Iran today is a lesson in modernism and an example of youth rebuilding a world.”
The author gives us a sympathetic picture of the people, the nomads, the villagers, the city dwellers, as they adjust themselves to a new tempo of living — in a country as old as time, which still looks to the future with hope and confidence.
"A Doctor’s Holiday In Iran”
. . . by Rosalie Slaughter Morton, M. D. ... Toronto: Oxford University Press . . . $3.CO
assur-
12.
CRIMP IN SOCIAL LIFE
Food-rationing and the complic-it-ed card system, inaugurated by the government even before the war started, put a crimp into all ' n' talnment and social life.
With one pound of meat per person per week, and such luxures as tea and coffee eliminated from the German bill of fare houeewlver hull their hands full adapting themselves to the new style of living
our
War Closer Her#
To Great Britain, lose of Daniel! foodstuffs, Scandinavian tenais, meant a greater dependence on North America, Australia and New Zealand, for supplies. The increased Allied demands made themselves felt in Canada immediately with the setting up of a Ministry of Supply, headed by Hon. C. D. Howe, to handle all war purchases.
Thus was Canada drawn closer into the war ... not just because Greenland happened to be a neighbour of ours.
a
men
«*- r
raw
"has
R. À. F. Reconnaissance Planes Convoy A Convoy




— <4


—
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
A •
¦h
.
ç -


jSr
New General Manager C. P. Express Company
Wf
\
v
*»*
o
w
__ #


ÙX


Farm Lands Value Shows Small Gain



)


%
f:



&



S'*



In Canada During 1939 — Increase of $1 Per Acre



%







4^ W
2#
F

T"
%


in iis annual report on farm values for the year 1939, the- Dominion Bureau of Statistics states that the average of occupied lands In Canada in that year was reported at $25 per acre, an increase of one dollar an acre over the 1938 value. This is the first Increase since the year 1935 when the average value rose from $23 to $24. Average values are still much below the 1920 average of $37 per acre.
VALUES OF LIVESTOCK The average values per head of live stock in Canada in 1939 are estimated as follows, with the 1938 values within brackets: Horses $67 ($71); milk cows. $4G ($40); other cattle, $33 ($27); total cattle, $39 ($33); sheep. $6.69 ($5.70); hogs. $13.79 ($13.21).


)
<M
*
s

I


,(&>!



1
z

m\
z
*
X

l!

m


c
/

It
%
Ju
f/
TL 1 y •#
7/
v
U*
a


J
\

Mi
k


, m
.
!
» .’
m
m
J. Edgar Coulter, vice-president #nd general manager, Canadian Pacific Express Company, Toron-who has been appointed presit and general manager to micceed the late Thomas E. McDonnell. Thirty-seven years ago, Mr. Coulter joined the Canadian Pacific Express Company as office key at the age of 13 years, and Whin seven years became chief •fork to the president.
There are really two convoys in this picture and the merchant ship below can feel that it is well protected. Partially visible in the UPPER LEFT is a British warship on the lookout for lurking German sub-
and for enemy planes as well.
8-33

(Ceprrifkt 1B37. ly frid NOtr)
t
' (Nearsighted Officer) "Cut Out the Grandstand Stuff and Grt in
Line ! ï !”
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS-Pinhead’s Very Tidy


.j::»

ULt C <-
! r

IT KEEPS THE PAINT FROM ROLLIN'DOWN MIS 4LCCVCtf

r VEAH, 1 BUT I UNNASTAHD WHY HE HA9TA PAINT IT THAT WAYf
IM ÇOIN OVER TO KELLY S COAL YARD TO FAINT
MY WAGONf
KNOW
OONY
Gardening


am
-V
a« e * .x*h<
l
C ¦ > •

## e
I

4a
NO HURRY
The average amateur starts operations days or sometimes weeks too geen and stops long before satis-hat lory gardening can continue. With the general run of vegetables amd flowers there is no advantage fc getting things in while there is Aill danger of serious frost. One set-back from a cold day or two completely offsets the early start and may, indeed, mean replanting the whole garden. This caution of

/
'•ï
-u
\ +f «
@ V
Vf> 3
# #
I

1
aU
ii
lie 6
<


H
«a#

Si


is

v S
he


BwV,
tf Létn*h

;
###PAGE###7###
0
T
When Dr. Rogers cams quietly Into the room, George was begging with tears running down his cheeks “Now do her in ‘She Gave AH’ — you know — the way she said, Gut darling, there are so many things you don’t understand about me . . . That’s because you don't care enough . . . That’s why I a n going to leave you.
Mark Rogers watched and listened for a few minutes, laughing very much as if he wouldn’t if he could help it. When Constance went out, he followed her into the corridor.
“Well," lie said, "1 must say you have hit oil the most unconventional cure for nervous shock that I’ve ever seen. I don't understand —" "But darling," Constance ct t in on an impish impulse, “there are so many, many things you do not understand about me."
Ha broke his step and stopped to look down at her in startled Inquiry. Then as she went on in Camilla Wynne's most languishing tones, “That's because you don’t care enough . . . That’s why I’m leaving " He flushed, laughed very shortly, and fell into step with her again. '
“I>r. Rogers," she said suddenly. “I'm not really needed here any longer. I think I ought to go."
He was leaning over, busy with the fastenings of his bag, and he did not look up or speak at once. Then he echoed, “Go?" vaguely, as if the words did not mean anything to him. “Why — if staying is — inconvenient to you, I suppose we i ought not to ask you to stay any longer . . . But Mr. and Miss Thor-va Id are your hosts, not 1."
“HE’S SHY ABOUT THINGS”
It was not going at all as Constance had planned It. There were a number of things she had been planning to say to him — if she ever had the opportunity, and if he would only say the obvious things that would give her the proper cues . . . Hut he did not say any of them. He only muttered something about being in a hurry, picked up his bag. and went out with a brief nod.
Constance noticed, however, that he had time to stop in the sala where Hildegarde sat at the piano; and that it was five minutes before he came out, laughing and looking years younger, as he so often did after a few minutes spent in Hilda’s serene, unhurried presence.
After that evening Mark Rogers came to th* house less and less; and when he did come, he never made any occasion to speak to Constance alone.
ghe said to Hilda one day, tentatively, “Does Dr. Rogers ever take time to live — to have any real life of his own — like other people, I mean?"
Hilda laughed quietly as if at some secret thought, and said, “l should say that Mark is one of the most Intensely live people that I ow. Of course, since you've been here, he’s been rushing around picking up the pieces that flew while he was away — you know — people who got sick but who wouldn’t call a doctor till he got baçk .. . And you have to know Mark pretty well, anyhow, to understand him. He's - - well, he's absurdly shy about things that mean a lot to him."
A TERRIBLE BREAK He did turn up about lunch time the day Constance had begun to wonder whether she was to see him again before she left.
He accepted Hilda Thorvald's invitation to eat with them with a matter-of-fact, “Fine? I've got my slate fairly well cleaned up today for the first time. I may not ha\e to run out in tii» middle of the soup
As Hil<legardt\ Cvustancottorek. and Mark Rogers lingered over the dessert — Ernest Thorvald was oft' ou one of Ills day-long tours of inspection about the ranch said, “Since you seem to be living a life of pampered luxury today, Mark, why not stick around and get acquainted with your mother for a change? She telephoned that she was coming out this afternoon. Via-cento's gone to town: he’s bringing her back -Well, well"
the special smile lie seemed to keep for Hilda
up with me at Iasi ! I've hardly-even seen her since she got back from the easi last night. 1 didn’t dare.
J knew she’d be bursting with news she just had to get oft her chest — and you know there’s no#stoppiug Mother if you once let her buttonhole you. '
Constance thought enviously: Why can't lie treat me that way? Instead of acting as if 1 were something that had lit on his nose, and might bite him at any minute.
They had hardly got up from the table and gone out iuto the patio when the car drove up outside, and Mrs. Rogers sailed ip upon them, pluuip and beaming as ever.
‘ Mv <ker Hildegarde ” she began, “how terrible about George! I came the first minute — " Then she saw Conetatice. and her jaw dropped. “Why," she cried, “ibis can j be — but it is. isn't it? My dear Miss — only l suppose It's Mrs. >1 in thorn now, of course. Isn’t . . . jSo girls at. Bartlett's were right? .ffiT you two aie really married after your interrupted honeymoon?"
< To B* ( 'onlim *d i

T
*They Make Delicious Tea
A
A

L

B
W
K
L



S
E
9 99
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
I Üroukfr
P'Mionn.
cas
^	CJOO
#
V
TEA BAGS
«•i lav
?
°Urj,e of
- Sa:
,h l>rice ;
IRON IN YOUR DIET
This week I am again writing in answer to requests. A few weeks ago I wrote about Molasses and its iron properties and following that I have been asked to plan a few meals high in iron. This is a vastly important subject, —when we are told, that about one-half of our population are suffering from anemia. A sufficient cause for this condition is found in the fact, that the average diet is deficient in iron! The human body has a storage of 43 grains of iron, and loses daily one 250 thousands of a grain (% gr). Ttis normally must be made up and the anemic should as well as making up, increase the iron content daily. Foods high in iron in the order given are,—peas, beans and lentils, whole wheat cereals and breads, nuts (especially almonds and pecans). Then come dried fruits with dates, having the highest iron contents. Following this we have meat, with liver the highest, then the eggs, fresh fruit and vegetables, and lastly the dairy products. In the sugars, the brown sugar and molasses are the most important. The beverages of these planned meals 1 am leaving to your choice, but always keep in mind, that the substitutes for tea and coffee are usually rich in whole grain products, therefore valuable for their iron. Something else: do not forget wheat germ; sprinkle it in soups and on cereals freely.
airî
s;

MENU NO. 2
Breakfast
Grape juice Oatmeal porridge Breakfast bacon rye bread toast Orange marmalade
Luncheon or Supper
Foamy Omelette Whole wheat muffins Waldorf Salad (use either dates
or raisins)
Caramel junket
Dinner
Crape juice cocktail Liver and bacon Scalloped potatoes Buttered spinach Cottage cheese served on watercress
Ginger bread brown sugar icing
MENU NO. 3
Breakfast
Tomato juice Bran cereal
Rye Bread toast Stewed figs
Luncheon
Lima beans and corn casserole Raw carrot salad served on
watercress
Grape jelly (made with grape juice and gelatine)
Oatmeal and date cookies
Dinner
Jellied Beef Boullion Liver patties Green peas and carrots mixed Date loaf and canned strawberries
(or fresh)
String beans
Prune and orange on lettuce
Spanish cream Most of these recipes in menus have been given from time to time during the year, but requests are always welcome or advice on these special health menus.
Buttered beets

Ginger cookies
Grape=Nuts
READERS. WRITE IN Chamber» personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and •» ev ready to listen to your "pet peeve»." Requests for recipes or special menus are in order Address your letters to "Miss Sadie B Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto."
COST LESS THAU ONE CTNT A SERVING /
Mi»»
welcomes
you
LOVE LAUGHS
AT THE DOCTOR
t
BY ELINORE COWAN STONE Copyright, 19», N6A S*rvk#,>.
French Women Avoid Uniform
Do you want to koçw
Wynne
why you couldn't make it stick — after my head stopped feeling like a cheese?”
“I do, indeed," Constance told him. “The rest of my public seemed to think I was doing a grand
CAST OF CHARACTERS CONSTANCE MAIDWELL—her oine; the stand-in.
DEREK MANTHON-an artist who loved money first.
HILDEGARDE T H O R V ALD-Oerck painted her portrait.
DR. ROGERS—he met his most difficult case
Coddled egg
Except for Actual Official Duty; They Prefer Feminine Clothes
good Job.”	e
“Well,” George Tborvald told her. “It waa your sense of humor that wrecked you. You saw that Camilla Wynne is really — well, just funny — and the harder she tries, the funnier she gets. And having a sense of humor, you couldn't help making her just as funny as she really is... If you want to know finding out how funny Camilla is was the best thing that ever happened to me. ... Do her for me again now, that's a good girl, and make her funnier than you ever did before. Make her as funny as hell [ need a good laugh."
UNCONVENTIONAL CURE So Constance did Camilla Wynne as she had seen her In some of her
and fun
Fashionable Paris has side-stepped uniforms, except for actual official duty.
When the French woman gets out of her uniform she puts on something that has allure, like the Balenciaga and Schiaparelli crepes depicted. Both have a new story to tell. Balenciaga is affecting * basque bodice which parallels the torso line. Some frocks he drapes at hipbone level; on orders he develops a cuff-like fold. In these models the fullness is pushed to the back of the skirt. Schiaparelli has adopted gathered fullness to gvie shape to the bodices of her silk dresses.
SOMETHING WITH ALLURE
Though in France society is not decking itself glamourously for evening, the couture has put ita best skill into the gowns fabricated for American consumption.
Last week: One day after weeks spent at the bedside of her patient, George Thorvald, Connie is startled to hear him say, “I can't go on this way any longer."
Creamed potatoes
MENU NO. I
Breakfast
Stewed Prunes Cracked Wheat Porridge Poached egg. Graham Bread Toast Strawberry jelly.
Luncheon or Supper
Byked Beans Boston Brown Bread Lettuce and Tomato salad Red currant jelly (jelly powder>
Bran cookies Dinner
Cream of asparagus soup
Baked potatoes Beet and lettuce salad Whole wheat bread Raisin Pie.
CHAPTER XXII
“The trouble,” George Thorvald went on with a faintly embarrassed air, “is that this is too much like taking candy from a baby. It's been a lot of fun for a while; but I have not the heart to fet you go on with it . . . You aren't Camilla Wynne, you know.”
For a moment Constance sat speechless before the absurdity of the situation in which she found herself. Then, as the full irony of the denouement dawned upon her, «he laughed until the tears came.
“There — you see!” George Thorvald was cackling weakly. “Camilla couldn’t laugh like that if »he tried. Life and Camilla Wynne are serious matters to her.”
“You mean you've known it all along?” Constance asked between mirth and chagrin.
George Thorvald sobered at once.
“Sorry,” he said. “No, just lately — after I got to remembering a few things . . . And I did hear the nurses talking one day when they thought I was asleep.”
“I wonder,” Constance said, “if One of the things you remembered was telling me that first night, in unmistakable terms, that you didn't love me any mole, and that if 1 had been really bright I d have guessed it long ago?”
“Did I now?” There was a flicker of sardonic amusement in his sunken eyes. “Do yon know, I'd probably think better of that another time . . . Oh, don't worry. I'm not going to make love to you at present. I'd hate to cut in on Doc Rogers .... Yes, I’ve found that out, too,” he went on with a Puckish twinkle as Constance’s eyes widened. “A fellow picks up a lot of interesting information when lie's lying here this way. People forget you are not detvl yet, and get careless.”
“Are you sure,” Constance said, “that you aren’t running a tempera turn?”
MENU NO. 4
. Breakfast
Orange juice Rolled wheat porridge Whole wheat bread toast Scrambled eggs
Stewed rhubarb
bran muffins
Luncheon
Tomato Soup Crackers and cheese Salad spring greens (dandelions and watercress etc. )
Rice pudding with dates
Dinner
Cream of Pea Soup Hamburg Steak Riced potatoes
most heartbreaking niest — roles, while George Thorvald cackled with weak mirth
Roast Beef
YOUTHFUL PEPLUM
FROCK
For Beet Or School

if

I

&

ns
y

X


I


¦s
%


y


oi*«
Hilda
d, I

ROVU
YOUR SENSE OF HUMOR “Not a chance. Right now, I’m the sanest person In this house. All tho nonsense is burned out of me . . . Rut I sort of like your brand of insanity. You're going to be around here for a while, aren't you?”
“Not much longer, I imagine. You certainly don't need me any, longer - and I was brought here tp—” “Sure — to stand in for Camilla
# BRIGHTLY COLOURED,
handsome,lliisbou hvill iir an ornament to any table. Cornea iu orongfi or green. Useful, too. for many purpose*. Handy aize — 1% incite* deep by 43.j inrhea wide. tint get yours while they last!

3171
i
I
lit» smiled with
Ore»0
I
SiZfcS S H
or
7
u^to"
“so Mother's caught
r
row
By LOUISE LENNOX
Here is a elite little basque frock for your young daughter. The back is perky and ran have a bustle bow if you wish. She will wear it for Sunday best now. and later on for. school if you make it of gay. spring-like i*olurs. Printed cotton, linen or rayon for the short sleeved jacket-blouse, and a darker solid color for the skirt that flares youthfully.
Style No, 3171 is designed for sizes X, 10, 12 and 14 years. Size X requires 1 1w yards of 39 inch material for short sleeved blouse ; 1 !* yards for skirt; yard of 35 inch lining for bodice top of .skirt.

KtW sur<’v<
I
I
1

V
w I
Vonr children need the extra
nourishment in ALL-WHEAT
%
and voluble
#
#
s
Active, growing children burn up vital energy much faster than grown-ups. That’s why they need the important vitamins, body-building proteins, energizing carbohydrates, and valuabk minerals contained in Kellogg’s ALL-WHEAT.
file
Send fifteen cents (15), (Coin j is preferred) for pattern, to Ijouise Lennox. Room 421,	73
Weal Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your Name. Address and Style number. He sure to state Size you wish.
The New Spring Fashion Book is a “must” for a smart wardrobe. The full color Illustrations of over a hundred styles will help you select your clothes for all occasions. Send for your copy today. The pi h* is 15 cents.
$2.50 SENDS 1,000
cigweMss te any Single Military Aigres» Oversees
(<* many 1000 'oh m you w>'d»J

• SEE" !
sOlifc
And they love its delicious flavour. Ask your grocer for two packages of Kellogg's ALL-WHEAT today and get your first bowl now-—in either a rich orange or lustrous green, as you choose. Y oil’ll want a whole sei
G
re-
"m
DAYt He does
Mill Order end lemiltsnte lei — OVERSEAS DEPART MINI
*4«fs
not have many glass howls, and ?ou will want a
#Ai
W. C. MACDONALD INC ,
•e* Iflt, Pises d* A rases,
Meatrsel, Cenede
THis effsr sskject ta m, cMs|< Is 6svw*ms*t t##d:*os$

complete
1.


i
ISSUE NO. 16— 40
ALL-WHEAT BUILDS BIG MEN!
SEND THE BOYS THE BEST
w
###PAGE###8###
'	•	.. ' ¦ ;	'	•	¦ *' in

Look Here
House For Sale
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Step Out In Style
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost etc.
Comfortable dwelling house on Young Street, Shawville, Eait of Exhibition Park. Building iiinfe years old. full interior finished, semi bungalo type, six large rooms with summer kitchen and ¦¦¦¦Will be sold at reason-
>
»
o
FOR SALE—A good general purpose horse, weighing about 1160. Sound and in good condition. Will sell cheap for cash. Apply to Lawrence Young Sbaw ville.

%
71
With a New Spring Hat
All new Shades and Styles
Priced from
out-buildings, able price for cash. Apply to,
Monuments in Marble and Granite
*
J. A. REN NICK
Write / for information on special
designs and prices.
FOR SALE- A quantity of Banner Seed Oats. Apply to Jas. Cuthiikrtson, Shawville.
Shawville, Que.
Phone—24- j
K
Phone, 278
WANTED - Good middle aged work
Apply to Irvine
horse for carting. Swartz, Shawville.
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
$1.95 and up
Roy G. fraser

FOR EXCHANGE-Gelding. 7 years old. around 17(0, for team. 5 years old weighing around MiOO. Apply to Leonard Bklshkr. Phone 30 uhawville.
/
ii
Flowers, Gifts, Novelties
%	*	, •	' ? i (
RENFREW, ONT.
e	'	. \
Box 886 Phone 160
New Suits-------Popular Single and Double
Breasted Styles, New Patterns. All with
$19.50 to $27.50
FOR SALK—A quantity of good pressed hay. Apply to Jas P. Connkily, R It No. 2 Shawville—Phone 6 14.
Pulpwood Wanted
FOR SALE
“ Tite-Lap ” Sheets Galvanized Steel Roofing ordinary and Council Standard. Send ridge and rafter lengths for estimate.
EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd. 1335 Delorimter Avenue
Montreal, Quebec
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood, F.O,B. cars on C. N. or O. P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick-up by trucks Phone or write,
J. M. ARGUE, Shawville, Que.
2 trousers. Priced
FT
LOST— Somewhere in JE haw ville on Monday. April 15th a maiVs puise containing some money. Finder kindly call The Equity phone 75 ; or John Caldwell phone J1-29.	' *
Forsyth make. Famous for
Mens Shirts	.
their wearing quality, all sizes, white or
Distinctive Flower Styling,
# #
that’s our business. We in vite your patronage, orders of $1.00 or over, phone us collect.
$5.00 or over phene us collect and we shall prepay.
$1.65 to $2.00
On
coloured. Priced from
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
WANTED—A good dining room girl. Apply at Pontiac House, Shawville Phone, 35.
Phone 76
*1
On orders of
For Sale '

WANTED—A few young heifer calves, crade Ayrshire*. Apply to George Meldrvm, Wj man, Que. Phene 1-11.
I — De Fry Movie Camera 16 MM.
1—DeFry Movie 200 Watt Projector 16 MM
1—De Laval lj lip. Gas Engine.
1—Set Matched Golf Clubs, 3 woods and 6 irons, also a few other clubs.
1 — 10 gallon Spray with Force Pump
1—22 Winchester Automatic
1—22 long Enifield 6 shot rifle
1 — 1931 Chevrolet Sport Coupe with - rumble seat.
Apply to
G. H. BOULTON, /
Bristol, Que.
Phone anytime between 7am and 11. p. m.
HAY FOR SALE-A quantity of pressed and loose hay Apply to Mr. Anthony Armstrong, R. no 3. Shaw-ville. Phone 10 7.
Spring Tonics

Salmon Fishermen in Quebec To Pay *1 10 Fee
WANTED—An experienced girl to do eneral housework. Apply to Mrs. eonard Belshkr, Phone 30, Shawville.
Nation Blood Purifier Rational Beef Iron & Wine Burdock Blood Bitters Ironized Yeast Tanlac
f.
Quebec, April 10 —A permit costing $1.10 a year will be required under Government plans by all persons Ashing in Quebec province’s salmon waters, Fisheries Minister P. E Cote told the Legislative Assembly today.
The provincial Lower House gave first reading to a resolution respecting imposition of the Ash. ing fee after Mr. Cote said he ex pected a 530,000 revenue in the first year from the measure would climb within three years to about $250,000.
Assemblymen gave second reading to a measure repealing exemption of the Government and its
i paying wages Collective Labor
MAID WANTED— For general housework in Ottawa home and at Summer
Apply to Mrs. S. Donald 83 Bayswater Ave . Ottawa,
cottage.
Gamble,
Oot.
Wilson’s Garage
Order Bray Chicks now, and be “lucky” when egg prices climb next Fall. See me, or phone me, right away. Personal attention prompt delivery.
C Harold Boulton
Bristol Egg & Poultry Association BRISTOL - QUEBEC
FOR SALE—One Clyde Gelding. 1300 lbs ; one farmer’s driver, gelding 1100 lbs.
John L. Holgixb, Shawville.
The Same Reliable Service
Apply to Phone IW.
Phone, Shawville 4 -9.
x.
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
And many other notable
. Spring remedies
CHICKS FOR SALE—Started chicks-Barred Rocks, New Hampshire* and White Leghorn*. Also four Wetk old Barred Rock and New Hampshire Cock-! ere s.
C. G I. T. to Observe 25th Anniversary
Apply to B. T, Stark. bhaw vil>.
Ford Service
-------- '	The C. G. I. T. of thn Sh» w ville |
FOR SALE-Six Head Good Cattle, United Church are observing the
JAS. J. GRaHAM,
Silting of Reservoirs
Buries Eig Investment
When a stream is dammed to form B storage reservoir it represents an Investment for service in irrigation, power, municipal water supply, Rood control, or recreation—or a combination of these. When the Shortly after one o’clock cm gates of the dam are closed the res-Tuesday afternoon Mr. D. G. ervoir begins to fill with water—and Campbell, an employee of Taylor also with sand or silt that settles and Hardwares Limited, had occasion reduces the storage of serviceable to go into the upstairs storehouse water.
at the rear of the store and he dis- . The giu deposit is the result of
mwi
called and lie immediately sum- &e reser . mooed the coroner. I)r. A. Down- Since 1934 the staff has been gathing, who found death had resulted sring definite information as to the from a bullet wound behind the rate at which reservoirs are being right eat, death apparently being silted. They know of examples of instantaneous. After making a completely filled reservoirs in which thorough examination he decided criginal investments have been that an inquest was unnecessary, wiped out by silting. By balancing and the body was taken to Patter the injury to farms from loss of sou & Son’s undertaking parlor. soil, against damage to reservoirs Mr. Henderson was about bis from silting, these specialists are work on Tuesday morning as usual getting the facts on which to base and his passing came as a great control policies, to suggest fair ap-fehock to die whole community. portionment of the expense of keep-Born in Winchester Springs mg the soil in place and so prevent-about 37 years ago. he was a son filling of reservoirs, of the late John Henderson and Carl B Brown ln charge of the
üigi
played hockey with the Sudbury (Storage plant. .As a	f
juniors. During Lis residence ervoir is located at the most favo there lie travelled for Cochrane* able point for economical storage. Dunlop Hardware Company with If the service to the community reterritory through to Fort William, quires a replacement, the substitute About eight years ago he left is likely to cost more than the orig-Sudbury and carne to Carleton Inal and the value of preventing Place where lie became employed silting can fairly be reckoned on with Taylor Hardwares Limited, the basis of the replacement cost.
ago he	•
manager of the firm, a position he held at the time of his passing.	Composition of Diamonds
Deceased was a man who com- Diamonds are the same as char-manded respect w herever he was coal. That is, they both are conv known and was very popular with posed of pure carbon. The differ-old and young alike. Courteous ence that makes diamonds rarer is. and obliging at his placé of bnsi- that the carbon in them has crystal's, lie made for himself a host ized There have been instances in of friends who deeply regret his whjch the carbon in so-called char sudden pissing.	- coal did crystalize. The result are
In addition to his widow, the hlack diamonds, valued among the former Mis* Helen Young, of Bns vorld*s precious stones, toi. Que	survived by
brother. Mr. Fred Henderson, of
Campbell1* Bay. Q*ie„ end four	vider Market for Cotton
father passed away only a short rich company, of Akron, Ohio, who. c time age-	I research laboratories recently per
„issr % "âJïdJo,™"'; ^«
the home of her mother io Br istol.	toSrï.é thi u.e of eottor.
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
THE CORNER STORE
contractors from specified in the Agreements’ Act.
One Young Horse. Wyman. Que. •
25th anniversary of the Canadian Gills In Training from May 12th to 17th. Please keep in mind the; following dates : Tuesday, 14th— Mystery Mothers’ Tea ; Friday, 10th — Mothers’ and Daughters' Banquet. Special C. G I. T. services in the United Church on Sunday night, May 12th. Shirley Sly, Secretary.

Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and CentreSts
SHAWVILLE, - QUE.
J. P. Wilson

l
Muskrat Skins
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
Harold Henderson
Spring Mu-krat Skins Wanted. Highest market prices paid
N. li. HORNER, Shawville, Que.
Phone 43
1

k
1

k


i
(:
j

CHEVROLET’S Vacuum Power Shift I DOES 80% of the WORK FOR YOU!
f
m
{



y

Ws.

7


F

YES, it’s almost magical. . . the way this marvellous, Chevrolet-pioneered Power Shift does the work for you —takes all the tug, push and strain out of gearshifting ! You just slide the lever with fingertip pressure—with-out taking your hand off the steering wheel—and the hidden Vacuum Power device goes into action, providing 80% of the shifting effort. Come in and try it today. ALL Chevrolet models have the Vacuum Power Shift, at no extra cost.
«

:

w


W:
w.
À
%


i&W
WM jBJr-

F/
K I


. " THE HIDE ROYAL" r Chevrolet * NEW FULL-VISION BODIES
PERFECTED
LARGER TIPTOE MATIC CLUTCH . . . NEW SEALED BEAM HEADLIGHTS with Seporote Parking light* , . . AND IT'S "LONGEST OF THE LOT"— 111 inche* from front of grille to rear of bodyl
.	.	*On Spt.iaJ De Luxe Models.
"ROYAL CUPPER"* STYLING Perfected Knee-Action Riding Syitom
SUPER SILENT VALVE-IN-HEAD ENGINE
BY FISHER HYDRAULIC BRAKES
»





wm



i




%
itmi

a



w .AV-
\V

#
having been called them owit g to tlie illness and death of I r father, the late Mr. Hugh Youn
The body was taken	Bristol
on Wednesday night an	ie fun-
eral was hejd the follow g after ! Three <malifit>d Protestant Tend.es noon. Interment w«‘ made at j ^ Township of Leslie, for terms Norway Bay cemetery.	eight months. Apnly stating exjterienct
The deep sympathy o the com Hnd hfiUry expected to
munity is extended to the bereav-	----
ed widow, brother and sisters.-Carleton Place Canadian.
C-4I5B
Teachers Wanted

JOHN L. HODGINS

Quebec
M
Shawville
THOMAS QUAILE,
Otter Lake, Qu e.
0


/
> .i

