###PAGE###1###


THURSDAY, A L U.	HD 4
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE,,
No. V, iVJml Yeah
For 78 years
engagements
Rev. W. E. Hamilton, of Ottawa, will be the guest speaker at the
Wesleyan Methodist Church, Shaw- At Pontiac Community Hospital, ville, on Sunday evening, Sept. 3rd. Shawville, Aug. 17, 1944, to Mr. and
Mi:. KI wood Sharpe a daughter.
BORN
Gowling
Ivoken—Lunam
H. E. Loken, <rf
HARDWARE
Mr. and Mrs
Campbell’s Bay. Que., announce th» gen lent	elder daughter.
At Laflech, (Sask.) Hospital, on j Ftta Rose, to Ernest Boyce, son ol Aug. 21, 1944, to Mr. and Mrs. West- , Mr. and Mrs. H. R. Lu in am, Camp-burn Hamilton, of McCord, Sask., o bell's Bay. The marriage to take daughter
School
-Sunday Will Be Observed As National Day of Prayer
King George VI has issued a proclamation to the Empire, to which has been added the approval of the
«^™m.c°nchauX.",e.l;Sdmi PERSONAL MENTION
people of the Dominion should gather in their respective churches on Sunday next September 3rd for special •'services of prayer with penitence and confession, of thanksgiving for our
recent Victories, and re-dedication visiting her daughter, Mrs to the task of winning the war and , Howard, at Green Lake, obtaining a righteou d just peace

283 BANK ST. (Cor. Somerset)
OTTAWA

place in September
Both well
h
been the leading . business ol in Eastern Canada and till going strong. Individual instruction
Brownlee—Juilil
Mr. .and Mrs. Gordon Brownlee, of Shawvillc. Que., announce the engagement of their only daughter.
a visiting .. the home hi Mr. and | %
Mrs John Lester.	— Judd. of Shawvillc. Marriage t.
Mrs. Beach, of Winnipeg, has been take place early in September.
Dean
GLASS
PUTTY
PAINTS
VARNISH
WATER PAINTS j PAINT OIL
NAILS
STAPLES
FENCE WIRE
SCREEN WIRE GALVANIZED PAILS
MACHINE OIL
Enter any time
Mrs. A. A Titus, of Lakewood N. J
W. E. COWLING President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Prinicipal
WTielen—Wallace
Mr. and Mrs. Ira Whelen. of Fort Mrs. Jim Johnston and family, of Cou longe. Que., announce the en-Montreal, are visiting at the home gage ment of their eldest daughter.
of her father, Mr. H. Imison. _____ Eunice Eileen, to Mr. Henry Oliver
Wallace, son of Mr. and Mrs, Janu Wallace, of Athelstan, Que mariage will take place in Scptem-
JAMES A. MILLAR
B 'A..IL. i . L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 MainSt.,Hull,Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning
At PontiacHouse, Shaw ville ,e very
Wednesday at Noon
Bear Plentiful in This District
jàfiS'SrSSî1 :S3£H~
bear. Some have been shot and some j Mrs. J. H. Stewart and daughter, allowed to roam.	Miss Jean Stewart, of Toronto, are
On Sunday Allan Sparling, one of visiting friends in town this week.
EiSEiS1 ssssa-r
tion.
The
ber
NOTICE
Baulke—Alexander
Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Baulke, of Rock Lake, Algonquin Park
the engagement of their daughter. Louisa Margaret, to Rev. Torance W. Alexander, son of Mr. and Mrs. T. Alexander, of Onslov. Corners, Que. The marriage -will take place in the Holiness Movement Church, Ottawa, on Friday, Sept. 1, at 7.30 o’clock.
This store will close at 12 o clock, noon,
Wednesday, beginning May 31st
an-
nounce
HARLAND C. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
every
Miss Beatrice Muldootl, Ottawa, Several bear, we learn, have been spent part of her vacation a guest killed within a mile or two of town, of Mrs. Hillis Thompson, in town.
Graduate of Me Gil 1 University
SHAWVILLE.QUE.
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
-j Estate C, J. Caldwell
Mrs. Gordon Smith, has returned home after two months vacation in I Prince George B. C. and Greyhcrd.
Word has been received that Gnr. Sask Percy Campbell Russett, son of Mr
this year; having enlisted in the Ladysmith.	pcv p ^ LpBpI, rf Linda Amelia
R. C. A., at Kingston, in September Miss Mary Armstrong, of Toronto, (Amy) Dahms, daughter of Mr. and of last year, and training at Peta- js spending a vacation at the home Mrs. E. C. Dahms, of Shaw ville, Que., wawa and Debert, N. S. His bro- hcr mother, Mrs. J. Alex. Arm- to Mr. Clarence Peatman, son of (her, Earl, is at present with the strong| clarendon Front.	Mrs. C. R. Linton, of Montreal, and
%	% Mr. and Mrs. Hcrb.rt I» and JAW. Cap,. H. ». PCman. =, S,.
m's" P4T	*A"«"'rcAc-
Ruby, Evelyn, Gladys and Dorothy Green Lake.	the bride's parents, the couple leav-
at home.	Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Wilson, of jng later for Johnson’s Lake to spend
Toronto, are spending a vacation at their honeymoon, the home of his mother, Mrs. Thos. | Mr. and Mrs. Peatman will reside
in Montreal.
Gunner Percy Russell Seriously 111
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
MARRIED

l
t
Advocate barrister ‘
• Solicitor, etc:
Campbell's B * y, Quebec (In Lawn B!o(k)
Miss Ethel MacNab, of Lowville
Peatman—Dahms
OmcK
theria
D. J. CAMPBELL

Veterinary Surgeon
I
à
&
es
DONAT Le GUERRIER
Notary Public
UAMPBELL.S BAY QUEBEC

m
Miss Ella Loken Honoured By Shawville Friends

>


E. McDowell


, .	6	,	... , Mrs. Edgar Alexander and her
Friday evening of week, Mi (^tighter, Miss Gwen, of Ottawa.
Etta Loken, a September bride, was vjMting at the home of Mr. and Mrs. a pretty Summer wedding was Branch at Quyon ; will ca.l any
sEUShbI
Tracy.	urday morning.	Hackett. Miss Joan Watt played
Miss Olive Hodgins, R.N., return- wedding music and Miss Thelma
M..I You, FA* .1 Shiwiille FA	J b‘y K Mrs'	by h=,
requests for Jas. Caldwell, who will visit there the brjdc wore a street-length dress
for a few weeks.	0f oyster white silk lace over satin,
Miss Lewina Harkness, of Mary- fashioned with sweetheart neckline
and bracelet-length sleeves. # Her shoulder veil was arranged from a sweetheart headdress, and she carried a bouquet of pink rotes, white gladioli petals and bouvardia.
Miss Rhea* Poyton, Hamilton, was bridesmaid in a street-length dress of blush pink lace over satin wore a Dutch style headdress of matching lace and carried a colonial bouquet of mixed Summer blooms in pastel shades.
Mr. Robert Gross, Hamilton, was groomsman, and Mr. Ernest Green,
Oakville, and Mr. Harris Usher» of Hamilton, served as ushers.
The reception was held at the Estaminet, Burlington, where the bride’s mother received in a French blue silk crepe suit with white hat and white accessories. The groom s mother assisted in a white printed silk suit, white hat and accessories.
Both wore corsages in harmonizing shades. For travelling the bride chose a frock of opal blue printed silk and hat of gold shade.
Batchelor—Hodgins


D
mi
School Opening
<
DR. H. K. NEILSON
V>
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat SPECIALIST
9
ISO METCALFE STREET
ONT.
OTTAWA,
>
PHONE, 2-7961
We receive many Shawville Fair dates from persons
who have removed from Pontiac.	I I	¦ I
Those remaining in the County can land, left last week for Wartime* short-cut this medium of information Sask., where she will visit her uncle by advising friends away from home and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. George E. that Shawville Fair, dates are Sept. Giles.
21, 22. 23, and that already indicat- Mrs. Lem Hodgins and Mrs. H.
that it will be the very best Westbrook attended the funeral of
their	Charles Moore.
Beech Grove, on Monday afternoon of this week.
Mrs. Clarence Lusk, of New Lisk-eard, Ont, is visiting at the homes of her sister, Mrs. Thos. Wallace, in town, ahd her brother, Mr. Wm. H. Corrigan, 6th Line.
Mr. and Mrs. Orville Woolsey and Lydia Hodgins, of Yarm, at-Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Murray, of tended the funeral of the former’s Maryland, received word on Monday aunt, Mrs. Wagner, at Pembroke on that their son, Cpl. Stewart Murray, Tuesday afternoon this week, had been injured in action in France. Mr and Mrs. Chester Rondeau Stewart enlisted in the Cameron left for their home in Timmins, Ont., Highlanders in June 1940, and went after ending a vacation at the
overseas the same year.	home of her brother, Mr. Hursty
One brother, P. O. Fred Murray, HodginSi at Yarm, and other rela-was officially reported killed inam tives in tbjs district.
IF*
'-"™ --.¦sjs S~£ “““
Mrs. R. T. Clarke, of Forestdale, B. C, who has been visiting her brother, Mr. Hillard Hodgins, in town, left this week to 'visit with ########## .	her sister, Mrs. Robt. Lawton, in
The Department of National De- Ottawa, and will later visit her fence notified Mrs. John Morrison, brother, Mr. Armen Hodgins, at Oak-of this village on Thursday of last vjUe Qnt
He was on service for nearly a year in Newfoundland, going to England in June, 1943. He has three brothers, Carman, overseas with the Cameron Highlanders; Everett, in Hamilton, and Milton, of Shawville; three sisters, Mrs. Thos. Kingdom,
Shawville; Mrs. Lindsay Richardson, of Radford, and Miss Alice
Morrison, of Peterboro, Ont. _ _
Since the above was put m type The Equity learns that Mrs. Mom son received a second telegram on Tuesday of this week bearing the sad intelligence that Maynard was killed
in action.
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT .. BARRISTER HULL, QUEBEC Consultations by Appointment

Back to School again and the Boys
and Girls require attention
Here are a few suggestions : -
oons arc
yet
She
You might invite them to the old
a holiday once a year time better than at
home district is not often— the annual County Fair, everybody will be there. R W. Hodgins, Sec.
BEATTIE EYE SERVICE
\
no
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone
ONTARIO
OTTAWA
Cpl. Stewart Murray Injured in Action
1
Boys' School Shirts, made of fine kharki broadcloth, long wearing, splendid appearand easy to launder
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists Oil all \ isual and Muscular
Eye Defects
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Heg Optometrist
98 cents,
ance
Reg Optometris
Girls’ School Dresses, good styles, spun rayon material, sizes 8 to 14
$1.95
Gordon T. Paul INSURANGE
School Oxfords, sturdy, especially
$3.50
Boys’
tough for School wear

Mri. George Sparling Dies At Her Home in Thorne Township
On Wednesday, Aug. 23rd, Jessie Barley, widow of George Sparling, died in her home in Thome township at the age of 71 years Born in England, she came to Canada as a girl and was married about fifty years ago, living on their farm in Thome ever since. Her husband predeceased her in 1936 Surviving are seven sons, Samuel of Otter Lake; Austin and Gordon of Greermount; Louis, of Ladysmith; Lawrence, of Thomby ; Arnold and | ^
Cronabury, at home.
The funeral was held on Friday afternoon, service being conducted by Rev. M. Radmore, rector of St. George’s Anglican Church, Campbell’s Bay. Interment was made in Craig’s United Church Cemetery.

i
l
representing companies
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
Splendid choice of School Girls Loafers and Oxfords, brown or black.....
going overseas in England.
I
$2.75 to $4.50
l
Pte Maynard Morrison Missing, Now Reported Killed in Action
Scribblers, Pencils, Rulers, Erasers, Pens, Note Books, Reflls, Scrap Books,
Drawing Books, Pencil Cases,
Etc. Etc.
QUE
SHAWVILLE
Talking Pictures
BRIAN DONLEVY
(
DIANA
BARRYMORE
in
Store closed every Wednesday afternoon
Canned Grapefruit Off Ration List
m
Z ter - " “	*be
- asr-wsrsr-
NIGHTMARE
at
Shawville Theatre
Friday, Sept. 1st
At 8.30 p. m.
THE W. A. HODGINS STORE
Shawville
Of
Quebec
o
» &
it
j
J
V
lV
A




###PAGE###2###
THIS ARMY
THE SPORTING THING
OF ROYAL FAMILY
BY LANG ARMSTRONG
t
Armf
l'or a change, fill-in your own black squares as you work this pustle,
HORIZONTAL ——————1|
*	!» $ Pictured * royal visitor
< to the U. S.
10	Arabian.
11	Gloss.
13 Trust.
•	14 Thing (law),
}6 Ship’s bow.
17	Green spot in desert.
18	Compact.
20 Hawaiian
-

Answer to Pferious Puzzle
12 Inner section of a house.





I
-
13 Moderately
% ?
"¦Vp
-ssaûb
elfe st siWt

cold
A
NIE LL
\
14 Soak flax.
16 Slender metallic rod. RIEI 18 District attor* ÔQ ney (abbr.). nil 19 To decree.
DIOlLlLlAlRI 23 Mineral
spring.
26 Small fish.
28 Deficiency.
30 Lubricant.
32	Science treating of light and vision.
33	Places.
37 Slave.
39 Consumes.
41 Was ill.
43 Urban
lüHGH a
GMÂ
T
E
I

V1
as
O
RBX ET R
i S
Ai
m
ES
T
z
AT
L
/
\
,v_
DE

N
AP
a a
1
I
/
r
laagi
a a
sisni

M E N THI
food
<3
I N N
I
21	Oil (comb, form),
22	Climbing palm (pi.).
24	Mister (abbr.).
25	The linden.
27 Gentle blows
29 On top.
31 Coco-plum* (Sp.).
GHK
NI N
N T I
m
m

K.

K?
42 Make lace.
44	Harmful proteid.
45	To impede.
47 Japanese
- coin.	4	Insect egg.
49	Malevolence.	6 Cubic
50	He comes	centimeter
c from-----.	. (abbr ).
34	Courtesy title. 52 Doctrines.	6 Pause.
35	Old Testa- 53 South Airier!-	7 Article,
ment (abbr.). can pineapple.	8 Corded fabric	47 Ocean.
36	Large monkey. 54 Make tidy	9 Sweet	48 Type measure
Electrical	again.	'secretion.	49 Encountered,
degree (abbr.) VERTICAL	10 Genus of t	51 Down (abbr.)
40	Musical note. I Formally	- plants. '	52 Symbol lor
41	Dexterities. introduces.	11 Aperture.	tellurium. .
2	Wireless receiving set.
3	Grallatorial bird.
C
b'-

*


Vr


nJjriS
Ozï****2

S Tl-
1
community
44	Hindu princess.
45	Legume.
%
y
Y-/&

%
r ^

MTikI Tsk! First Time 1 ever heard • sailfish cuss!9*
Y O

ins

fié
%*
0

MOPSY by GLADYS PARKER
\( HIM?OH 1 GAVE ^
HIM THE AIR ON ACCOUNT OF / ABSENTEEISM,
HE STOPPED SHOW-
V	ING UP FOR HIS y
V	DATES/
•'Dried Peas, Me Eye! Them Wuz Dehydrated Water Melons.”
CROSSTOWN
By Ronald Cole
k
*
&
k
m

<
i >.
%
m
Ts
w


ft
v


i
z>
t
t
<1
*
e'S‘


at-
d
te

r
t
I I
/

i
4
I
t
Æ

Vf»

t
YM
0
<
v
S
K
y
FUNNY BUSINESS
By Hershberger

r

y w

#
0%
#0
s«
LEND
A UANJD TO gÿÿ^Z
^•kx~.» NtieuecQE^gg


L'S&i
ON THE Al» NOW
p|flr
<£

B
4ul 1.4-4
/

m
V
. »£¥
• »
G&ovfà*6*.


f
2%

I suppose YOU’LL be maltin' all the cute remarks around here
from now on!”
I
y.à

r
MUTT AND JEFF
Some Service Station, Yes Indeed Yes Indeed-Dee, Some Service. By BUD FISHER
1
IF
M
h

THERE VOÜ I o ARE. SIR! I NO EXTRA
S charoeV


it's aK^SiR!
JUST A PART OF OUR FREE \ SERVICE! r
vis 1»
gE# SERV/Cê

CLEAN VouR l CLASSES.]
sir!
SAV. I DOtfT WANT MV CAR l CLEANED!/
THREE CALLOUS OF GAS AND MAKE IT SNAPPY!


m
f

as

%
A
/

4
«

?
<


I
z

«
/
«
4

v>\sV
f


o


!
f
O
a
liUW


1

W*<rte


\
' -i" i"
Ai
Guess wild wiH now tell you how not to play the sto-k
market !”
i....

I
A
!4

;

WITTY KITTY
REGULAR FELLERS—Mechanized Cavalry
By GENE BYRNES
KM
IT IF i SNJOV
HSLF
©
I'M SURPRISED AT YOt* CORATUL—TKJS HERE »
r TAKE. A SWIFT LOOK AT 1
TW improvement; genrul,—
rVE BROUGHT THNAG RIGHT UP T'lPAE LEVELS, .
SO r SPEAK V
r LIKE ALWAYS V.
TH'GEM'RUL IS AS ^ RIGHT AS A SPARE TIRE V HO WONDER, z X^1 HE'S TOPS/
WORK, CORP)UL-^0U THOUGHT OUT Of THAT PROBLEM ,
•T?
W MACHINE AGE—THAT
i RÜHT SWELL -NOW, JUST PUSH
IxNAmn|raiRj
«é,:

M MECHANIZED /

/
<« <n

• I
s
»
n
81
X. SL
r

#
A i
X

aw

5
4e

».
J

))
i
«g
ms*
<5X
/
/<
at
St
I • M
U

,vH> —w
<
D
POP—Probably Too Snobbish to Look at Himself
I HITLER CAN'T SEE vwA-rs HAPPENING
right under hic I	VERV nose/
By J. MILLAR WATT
An optimist is she who thinks she's â privileged character in so-far-ae government regulations are concerned.
.3
0
IF ME DID HE'D SHAVF IT OFF
o 0

s'RIGHT?
THE SPORTING THING
1
J>
»7

i
X
m
&
?
Z
L
Z
k
I # 1

%
%

J

v*

Y# playin’ indoors r

###PAGE###3###
*

FRENCHMAN FIGHTS FOR REVENGE
Saul in the morning... I have performed the commandment of Jehovah.” Saul attempts to disguise his guilt beneath a formal benediction and aggravates it by a declaration that he had fulfilled the command of Jehovah. By taking this bold, boastful position he thought he could deceive Samuel, and save himself from reproof. Guilty men usually assert an air of innocence and show great resentment at the least charge of guilt.
Saul’s Insincerity
“And Samuel said, what meanetfc then this bleating of the sheep in mine ears, and the lowing of the oxen which I hear?” One falsehood needs many others to cover it. The bleating of the sheep immediately gave the lie to Saul's boastful claims.
“And Saul
MUFFINS CAN HELPÏ
KEEP YOU‘REGULAR’
The Quality Tea

rr,



&
¦Hi by eating several delicious Kellogg’s ALL-stAN muffins every day, and drinking plenty of water, you can help prevent constipation due to lack of “bulk” In your diet!
Yes
K



X
KOJLOGCS flll-MIW MUFFINS
% cup milk 1 cup sifted flour teaspoon salt teaspoons baking powder
2 tablespoons shortening
X



‘ssfir*
Blend shortening and sugar thor-1 oughly; add egg and beat well. Btlr, In All-Bran and milk; let soak until ' most of moisture Is taken up. 81ft t flour with salt and baking powder ; d add to first mixture and stir only, until flour disappears. Fill greased muffin pans % full and bake in mod-: erately hot oven (400°F.) about 30l minutes. Yield: S large muffins. -
all-irak Is made by Kellogg's in] London, Canada. Your grocer has It,# In 2 convenient sises.
• SERIAL STORY
Murder on the Boardwalk
BY ELI MORE COWAN STONE
•aid, they . have brought them from the Amalekitei: for the people spared the best of the sheep and of the oxen, to sacrifice unto Jehovah thy God; and the rest we have utterly destroyed/’ Saul made a despicable attempt to throw the blame for what he had done upon the people, but Samuel clearly detected the falsehood and exposed Saul's guilty conduct.
Saul’s Ingratitude “Then Samuel said unto Saul, stay, and I will tell thee what Jehovah hath said to me this night, and did that which was evil in the sight of Jehovah?”
The sin of Saul was one of base ingratitude. When raised to his exalted position, instead of being humble, grateful, obedient he became proud, ungrateful and disobedient. Humility is a sign of true greatness; pride a sign of littleness.
Why did Saul not obey the Lord? It was because he followed his own •elfish inclination. It was the spirit of covetousness, not Godliness, which made Saul and the people ’fly upon the spoil.’
Saul’s Deception ’’And Saul said
Yea, I have obeyed the voice of Jehovah... to sacrifice unto Jeho-
Last Week: Chandra traps Wil-rost, identifies him as Mrs. Talbert’s missing nephew. Ha accuses Wilmet si stealing his silver dag-» gsr, declares that both Mrs. Talbert and her nephew had bad vision. The fragments of glasses found In the wheel chair may identify Wilmet as the murderer.
“But how could I?” Mr. Wilmet’#
cry was shrill with triumph. “Why,
•he didn’t have a key.”
e e •
Jaspar broke a shocked silence.
“He’s right, Inspector,” he murmured. “Mrs. Talbert hadn’t takes her key with her.”
Christine, watching as if in a fantastic nightmare, saw the little man freeze as he understood how much he had told in those five words; then leap to his feet and dash blindly, straight into the arms of two uniformed men who had appeared in the doorway,
“Get his keys,” ordered.
When one of the officers handed the ring to him, he passed it to Jaspar, a silent question in the gesture.
“Yes, sir,” Jaspar almost whispered. “The middle one.”
Take him to the Well” — even Inspector Parsons looked white and shaken as his subordinates led the hysterical man away a third degree or two; but at least policemen don’t hit mugs over the head with black magic now, suppose you tell me how you know all this.”

vah thy God in Gilgal.” Saul continues to make the same excuse, showing no repentance, no sorrow for sin. Unless something tremendous happens to a man like this, he is going on to disaster, and on to disaster Saul went.
Sauls Hopelessness “And Samuel said, Hath Jehovah as great delight in burnt-offerings and sacrifices, as in obeying the voice of Jehovah? Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams.” The prophets taught that all external ceremonial is worthless if the worshipper's life is not in line with the will of God.
¦M


Allied soldiers restrain a French patriot who tries to attack Nasi prisoners of war gathered on the Rennes city hall steps. Fierce hatred of hie oppressors is written in every line of hie face.
CHAPTER XVIII Mr. Wilmet had sprung to his
# #
plained, “that her nephew put on to make that false trail to the booth. One of my men found them buried deep in the sand where Yardley told us about having seen Wilmet pottering around the evening «before. Until now, I wasn't entirely sure Mr. Yardley hadn't put them there himself.”
said, “I'd have sold my soul I# know who really wrote that.”
The telephone rang, and he hurried to answer.
“He has? Good work!” they heard him say. “I'll be right up.
Well,” he hung up, “Miss Tho-renson was right about that bench. Mr. Earl Talbert has shot the works in his confession. I guess that cleans up the slate.”
“Not entirely.” Chandra extended a hand. “I d like my glasses.”
“Your -v what?”
“I was sure,” Chandra explained evenly, “that he'd lost his spares somewhere — even if it wasn't in my studio — or he would not have been wearing a pair of sun glasses with ordinary lenses.”
“You mean,” the inspector said after a blank silence, “that you hypnotized that poor nut with your own spectacle case?”
"Something like that,” Chandra admitted.
Then he murmured with a strange, tired smile — Christine recognized the question — “ 'But there was something in it — tricks and all.' "
feet.
"But this is preposterous 1” he ciied. “Why — why, I was the one who brought you here! If I" —
Chan-
“Because, Inspector” d as voice was a gentle purr — “another trait Earl Talbert shared with his aunt, Inspector, was the delusion that, single-handed, eould outwit the world. But now”
the inspector
• • •
he
Saul's Rejection
“For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as idolatry and teraphim. Because thou hast rejected the word of Jehovah, he hath also rejected thee from being king." Because Saul by his flagrant disobedience had rejected God's word, he was rejected by God.
$
$
$
— the clairvoyant stood, suddenly very tall, it seemed to Christine, over the Mustering little man — ”he is going to tell the whole story.
“You are going to tell us, my friend, how gloating over the trick by which you robbed your aunt 13 years ago, you persuaded yourself that you were sufficiently the •master mind' for a much more daring crime.... I doubt if you intended murder in the beginning. But probably, after you had drugged Mrs. Talbert and taken what you supposed to be valuable bonds, you realized that she had recognized you” —
“I didn't!” Mr. Wilmet's round lace was white and drenched with sweat. “I — why, I never, heard of the woman before last night.
Inspector, he’s trying to — for God’s sake, don't let him do this!”
He was cowering before the elairvoyant as he might before an evil genius.
For without any of the trappings or stage-setting of his craft, Chandra was again the Oriental mystic Christine had seen that other night; bis voice was the purring, hypnotic voice of the seer; his blazing yellow eyes held Mr. Wilmet's eyes as H in a snare.
It was mummery — but it was terribly convincing mummery.
“And,” Jaspar finished, Christine’s signed portrait and her message saying when she would arrive. I wouldn’t be surprised if he was at "the station when her train came in.”
“Miss
“All right. % bureau.
• •
unto Samuel,
“I’ve seen
"He was at the newsstand, hidden behind a paper,” Chandra confirmed that. “And he followed her to her hotel.”
And
• • •
"Well” — the inspector looked
“now we only
CHRONICLES of GINGER FARM
almost satisfied
$
*
By
need those faked bonds.”
“Because, sir” “after I
Jaspar spoke left your office last night, I thought it best to have a look at the House. I’d kept one key, because I felt that as soon as I could, I must go back.
But someone had been there before me. Everything was turned upside down."	,
“Much as we found it when we went out early this morning,” the inspector nodded. “Perhaps you'll understand now why I was so much interested in your keys, Yardley. That story you told about absent-mindedly taking a key from a strange car and putting it into your pocket sounded pretty feeble Anything taken, Jaspar?”
“Mrs. Talbert’s will, sir — suppose it was he sent that to the newspapers; and a pair of Mrs. Talbert's shoes” —
Gwendoline P. Clarke
From a tangle of images, one started out clean-lined in Christine's tired memory.
“I think that if you pried up the top of that stone bench at the back of the booth,” she said, “you might find something underneath.”
When she explained about that first morning — her heel sinking into soft concrete, Mr. Wilmet's voluble explanations tor went to the telephone and gave an order.
“Altogether,” he said, turning back, “that bird used up enough ideas in one murder to last a good, "honest crook a lifetime the thing that puzzled me worst he apparently hadn’t had a finger in. You wondered how I knew that those bonds were your cousin's, Miss Thorenson. I found something among them that you missed.”
He took a folded paper from his pocket and handed it to Christine.
It was a short* note in Cousin Emma's hand.
“My dear Christine,” it said.
"If anything ahould happen to prevent our visit, Jaspar will hand you these. Take good care of them, for the bonds are non-registered ; so, of course, anyone could use them. They are yours, as most of what I possess will be in the end. Affectionately yours,
Emma Talbert.”
“This morning,” the inspector

Oh dear, what a week of sweltering heat this has been — and no possible way of keeping cool. It it just as hot to do nothing as it is to keep on working — which after all is a comforting thought since one has to keep on working anyway. However we did have a few days that were really enjoyable — for which 1 thankful as our Saturday-to-Mon-day visitors stayed for nearly a week. I hey called it a holiday but Partner's brother was helping with the harvest all the time,
Jessie was giving me no end of help in the house. Young Betty was here, there, and everywhere, apparently having a grand time. Really, I would call them the “perfect guests' because they
time for breakfast!
* * •
While they were here we finished getting in the barley.
because I was helping too. Yas, I did something done in years
mow. The first two loads Partner pitched off the sheaves and Colin and I placed them in the* mow. The rest of the loads were built on •lings.
readers don’t know what I
by “slings' perhaps 1 had better explain.
» $ #
Ropes, specially made for the purpose,' are laid across one half of the rack.
across the ropes, first one way and then another until a bundle is built. This is repeated three times The load is then brought to the
barn, the ropes are tightened and hooked on to the hayfork cart. The next thing you see is the horses pulling a huge swaying bundle to the top of the barn, over to the mow, and then, when the trip rope is pulled, the tightly packed sheaves drop down in the mow in one solid mass. After the load has been dumped it is generally one person’s job to disentangle the sheaves and place them where they should go. It is hard work any time but at ninety-in-thc-shadc tempertaure — and under a steel roof really something.
try it sometime.
* *
I am sitting by thr front door writing this column and just a strange sound snfote my ears. It was the rythmic sound of horses hooves on the highway. I watched and in a few minutes a horse and buggy went by. What is the world going back to! The other night I heard a very different sound . . . •a terrific bang . . . somebody's tire had blown out. men's voices too far off for what was said—which bably just as well under the circumstances.
# * *
(THE END)
# # e
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
the inspec-
tas very
September 3.
Saul’s Rejection 1 Samuel 13, 16, 31. PRINTED TEXT, 1 Samuel 16: 10-38.
GOLDEN TEXT, thou hast rejected the word of Jehovah, he hath also rejected thee from being king. I Samuel 15:23.
Memory Verse: I will sing unto Jehovah. Exodus 15:1.
Condemnation of Saul
"Then came the word of Jehovah unto Samuel, saying... and he cried unto Jehovah all night.” The conduct of Samuel on this occasion affords a remarkable instance of his genuine piety. Samuel loved God first, and then Israel, and then Saul, but God first. He was sorrowful because of the king’s disobedience to God.
"And Samuel rose early to meet
But
• • •
# »
while
I
it is You want to
Because
“The ones,” the inspector
ex
*
$
$
were on
now
"Tell them,” he commanded, “how, before you had drugged your aunt into helplessness, you forced her to write those letters. Tell them how, after you had held her Jn her own car while you made sure Jaspar had obeyed her orders, you drove her, by night, to her own abandoned home, and hid her there while you rifled the house for anything you might find that could help to point suspicion to someone alee
¦v


i
I say
"we”

I haven’t I worked in the
:	; Z
f
Presently I heard but they were me to hear
\ '


I

In case our non-farmer
s'
% i
was pro-
I
mean
• • •
‘Tell them that you even felt safe m leaving her alone there, drugged as she was, because you remembered her prejudice against the police, and you knew that Jaspar would respect her orders.
.Tell them how you found Miss Thorenson's photograph and her telegram ,saying when she would arrive, and thought how cunningly you might turn them to your own advantage...
"Perhaps, at first, you considered killing your aunt there in her empty house; but it was neccessary to your infantile exhibitionism to do the thing in a really spectacular way, and you had more ideas than you knew what to do with them how, after you had entered the house with Mrs. Talbert’s own hey” -


Ï


HAVE YOU A PROBLEM!
Are you worried, sick, discouraged or need money, health, happiness? You've tried everything else, NOW try prayer. Send your name and address for plan.
THE WORLDWIDE PRAYER
CHAIN
Uoa 302:1, Em*I Loag Beach, Cal.

Cookies With Your Coolers

» 5
The sheaves are laid


• e

5%
>
m

•>



*
t
BONSECOUR MINES LIMITED
(No Personal Liability)
Our Field Manager wires from Val D Or as follows:
‘ Men working on Bonsecour property have traced carbonate pophry zone over four thousand feet on east and • west direction. Plenty quartz vein paralleling zone where gold can be panned many places.”


m

Tell
^^juuTTWcc/etd
• • •
m
Secure your shares during early development stage through own Bank or Broker.
your
tour own crochet hook can create the smartest bags. The envelope is of straw yarn; the purse of 34 corde or string medallions.
Get ahead of the rush; make a bag for a gift. Pattern 914 contains directions for purses; stitches; list of materials.
Send twenty cents in coins (stamps cannot be accepted) for this pattern to Wilson Needlecraft Dept., Room 421, 73 Adelaide St West, Toronto. Write plainly pattern number, your name and ad-Iress.

You Will Enjoy Staying At
The ST. REGIS HOTEL
TORONTO
?
0
# Every Roem with Bath, Show-
Telepheae.
# Slagle, |IN ¦
/
m


lag Nightly.
0
3 bar bo urne at Carlton TaL RA. 4136
Serve your favorite tall cool drinks with a plateful of bran refrigerator cookies to keep them company. Dotted with nuts, and decorated with sweetmeats, they’ll steal the show for sure.
• ALL-BRAN REFRIGERATOR COOKIES
lfi cups sifted flour 2 teaspoons baking powder teaspoon salt lA cup milk
Blend shortening and sugar together thoroughly; add orange rind, and All-Bran. Sift flour, baking powder and salt together; add to first mixture alternately with milk and mix well.
Shape dough into rolls about V/2 inches in diameter, paper covering ends well, and chill until firm.
NEW TWO-WAY TREATMENT I CLINICALLY PROVEN I
ALLER01-TABS vitavax
MACDONALD’S
cup shortening # cup sugar
3 teaspoons grated orange rind % cup All-Bran
For Speedy Relief
1 Take one or two AHergi-tabs and * discomfort vonWiesI Distressing
To Build Resistance
2 Tot* o VRavax capsula dally dur-
¦
cessfgl tablai treatment containing
vigor and vitality. Vitavax Is the
Wrap in Slice and bake
on ungreased baking sheets in moderately hot oven (125 F.) about IS minutes.
plants that cause May Fever—
k
k
richly
esenrsfo speed relief, end cons MONEY-SACK GUARANTEE.
with ORAL VACCINE «VI HAY «VFt im*Ui"HMO§
CoMjCüübûlS ŸtCJKCJlûhU JmO^£
Yield: 4 dozen cookies.
Note. Dough may be chilled, then rolled and cut into fancy shapes if • desired.
te

###PAGE###4###
wm
THK EQUITY
CEMETERY DONATIONS
/
Time to think about your new
*
V
/A
/
iSfi

Auiz. 31st, 1944
Shawville,
/
Dr. D. J. Campbell, treasurer of the Village Cemetery Improvement Fund acknowledges with thanks, the following donations:—
V
\


O Suit
i
Fall
5
Election in Charlevoix-Saguenay Goes Union Nationale
5
v

$ 2.00
R. A. Hodgins ... .... Geo. Richardson, Ottawa
m
!


m
*
5.00

»
:

5.00
La Malbaie. Que., August 24— Jus. Elliott, Stranraer, Sask Strength of the Union Nationale jii the new Quebec Legislature rose to 48 tonight when Dr. Arthur Leclerc swept to a one-sided victory j Independent Donat Lacroix
the deferred election in Charlevoix- Herb. Smith ..............
Saguenay.	.	Mrs. Alex Elliott, Potsdam ..
The result left Premier-elect Man-
iicc Duplessis with an overall mar-	Shaw ..........
- in of five supporters in the new Mrs. Horsfield .............
Legislature. He had taken 47 seats John J. Caldwell ...........
in the general election of August 8. p j Wilson
w. i.
one	Mrs. Robt. Telford .........
Harry Armstrong, Engleh
Austin McDowell ...........
Mrs. Geo. T. Horner........
Wellington Armstrong ......
Mrs. W. J. Bethune.........
Mrs. Reg. Hodgins ..........
Vertal Smiley ....:.........
Shawville Women's Institute
Mrs. E. H. Armstrong .......
Arthur Caldwell ............
Gerald Draper...............
Mrs. Roy Jones..............
Mrs. Mary Howes ............
Hem an Dagg ..............
Mrs. Wilfred Howes..........
Mrs. J. H. Grvenshields.
(Semans. Sa>k.)

8
2.00
Mrs. Sa ni Sinclair
ü Tails
fl
i
Serges
Tweeds
Worsteds
Herringbones
Priced to your Budget
2.00
J. K. C owan...........
G. A Howard............
n : Mrs. K II. Manley, Kenogami
J

2.00 . 2.00
Shorts
Stouts
Regulars


w
ver
SS
2.00
S\
WITH THEIR FAMOUS PRE-WAR TREAD -- DESIGNS, ARE NOW OBTAINABLE XX IN SYNTHETIC RUBBER FOR
ESSENTIAL WARTIME SERVICE

5.00
I
2.00
2.00
10.00
10.00
a
Sty'rd to your particular taste
\
suit
/

$
t

All the be.*t and nev/r-stdevetaj -ntrnls m synthetic rubber arc incorporated in Dun.op S 1 Cable Cord Tires. Bat re-z member, tires will net he % plentiful in 1944. on ife. ktep driving inside the ML prescribed speed limit... M cross-switch your tires occasionally . . . keen uQyR them properly iv
(1 tr l... and, above elk bave your tires
ii *1 Tc ** irly checked by #L I a Dunlop dealer, on i
f
?


.
i
ah

10.00

$22.50
2.00
$30.00
to
$35.00
Ration Book No. 5 Being Distributed Week of October 14 to 21
5Ü
i
1
to
\

2.00
$25.00
!
2.00
XI
The Prices Board announced Sat-rday that ration book No. 5 will be tribu ted to the Canadian public
K
2.00
S)
l
2.00
ois
the week of Oct. 14—21, and said coupons will be included in the new book to cover “emergencies that may
S3
*
50.00
2.00
1
i
5.0
: rise .
K. W. Taylor, co-ordinator of the* foods administration, said the situation regarding rationed commodities was examined regularly every few months to determine their position n the light of any new developments A study now being made of the preration picture to see what act-

3
\
4a
1.00
5>
5>
7.00
8
»
A Morgan Hat to match your Suit
$3.95

2.00

A
A
VI

:
serves
: in should be taken should the sugar situation become worse.
Taylor believed the sugar .situation in 1945 was likely to be “tough
ould net be accurately forecast until
Europe
was likely to require large allocations *T sugar out of the 1945 crop.
The board's announcement said it was generally felt that it would : e wiser to ltduce the quota of sugar ' > industrial users than to cut the

>1

i
John L. Hodgins.........
Mrs. W. J. Dagg. Ottawa Mrs. A. Coles, Regina . . Mrs. Andrew Hodgins . E. Robinson, Renfrew ,
5.Of

<
srT
i Itis


Store closed Wednesdays at 12 o’clock, noon
2.00
3.00
Mi
8
However, crop prospects
US

bout the end of the year
Applications Wanted
N
Look Here
Mr. Jno. R. McDowell, treasurer if Maple Grove Cemetery Fund, avk-
nowled
/	/	/	' '/i ^'U/Ut <7.7,/
iuihcrcius'icnj K\-nu'h ^t„,v
For Salt1. Wants, Found
Lost, etc.
with thanks, the foil
Applications will be received by 1 ho undersigned up to August 7th, for Teachers for the Clarendon Rural Schools. Salary for qualified Tcachcrs^SoO.OO per month, and for permit teachers, SG5.00 per month.
J. A. DEAN,
So v re t a ry - T rea sure r Clarendon School Boar;!
d
71
Leona J. T. f
Mrs. A. McKnight, A raid Sparling .... rper Emr wt in Lew
>s Verna MvKnight, Albany
$ 1.00
n
a


s Bay
2.00

gu U. r ration to consume
Vli
V c

FOR

carnage m
2.00
à

Se
tu
OI

’-v ÉU
c
2
a
Profit in the Poultry Flock Governed by Quality
s
2.00
!
VI M
>:
2.00	FOIC RENT—Tv.u
5.00	able foi Sel ' children. Apply Mis. An
’.arse rooms, s

(Experimental Farms News)
Ai mitage, Shawville.
Tenders Wanted
Ed
W
Selecion is the basis' i'f successful poultry operation, and quality not quantity i> the factor that will event-lett i line
2.00
ng
Clarence Hayes Mrs. J. Sinclair
5.00	, 2.no ;
2.00	i
IXtr SALE—Kitchen Range, in
Apply to I
—t
profit that ma, e made from the poultry flock, says V. T. Scott. Head Poultry man, of Dvmimon Experimental Station at ïarrow, Ont.
In September it is necessary to on the number of pullets that will be kept and to select from the range those that will comprise tne flock for next year’s work. As ••no hundred good pullets may lay more eggs than two hundred poor ones, the importance of selecting < nly those of good quality will be readily recognized.
To a great extent successful selection will depend on the operator's experience and power of observation though the promising carries unmistakable signs of quality, chiefly by her size and maturity. Pullet hatched before the end of April should be laying or closely nppro;.m-ing that condition before it is necessary to bring them in off the range r eadily rccc mized by their full coal cl" glossy feather, reddening comb, bright eye, and the spreading of the
pablic bones at each side of the vent., „.	,	, _,	, _	....
au the birds should be handled | Standard Lnurcn Camp Meetings
th.KC
snowing slow growth ot feather, i The annual camp meetings of the nnmatui :ty, or any physical defect Standard Church congregation will ^oulu not be kept under any cir- bo held in the Maple Gn ve. north « wunstni;. c. Lnthntty bu ds take up Cf the railway, commencing Sept, iwd, space, and lab-nir that should 3rd, and continuing over Sept. 10th. re spent on profitable laying bird.
The weakling is a menace to the rest | a r. the fleck. It is often the medium • f infection and disease.
Though governed to some extent by date of hatch, feed and environment early maturity and all round quality are the result of good breeding. In the Barred Plymouth Rock f-oek on the Experimental Station ot Harrow, the average age of ma-tvirity or first egg is five months for April hatched pullets. Generally Î allots hatched later than April are r t only later in reaching maturity fc.it take longer, consequently they ; e more expensive to raise.
Cost of production increases in proportion to the number of birds </ poor quality in the flock and the t me to cut the poor bird liability is now.
1C11UC
1 v
will be received by the igi.cd up to August 17th. for yiiig pupils fpcm No. U School m \u and from the High School j % i'm of Contract may be si
< fl c.
J. A. DEAN.
Secret a ry-T reasu rer Clarendon School Board
T
n
Doherty, S
Mrs. D II. McLaughlin
111 wood Cameron ......
Arthur Caldwell .......
J. I
Vv’alun Smiley ...........
Mix Reggie Hodgins........
Ben Smith ................
R. J. Connelly. S. Porcupine
1

LOO
A'
vWWsW'e
nWWWWV
<tl\
weeks ago
\\\y
i
)—Abo
mm mg pier at Green La
Owner rr lv by by calling at T
i FOI
x % % vv
1 w


5.00, :
V I

5s
• i
; '

il
i,x
vlct i >
O.UU
pair umn have sar Ei; vit y V* ice


ASPHALT SHINOLES ROLLROOFINC ROLL BRICK MASONITE TEN-TEST CYPROC
HYDRATED LIME NAILSand CEMENT

2.00
2.00
2.00
2.00
%
I
6
FOR SALE—McCormick Corn B dcr: also 100 tons of good hay. Api lo Lyle Hodgins, Bixson. Ph. 45-
V
4
'/
I Progress Made in Finding | Substitute for Gasoline %
Although the problem of finding j successful substitutes for gasoline as !
» a motor fuel is not one demanding - '/
FOR SALE—Litter of Yorkshire pigs ™nicdu(c solution in the United j readv for delivery. Apply to Beit 1 States, it is of interest to note the W. Hodgins. Shaxvville. Phone 26-13.. ^pid progress being made along ,
tni -o lines elsewhere.	/
One black Canadian . In many parts of the world where 10 years old: one black Per- little or no gasoline is obtainable, J' i mare, rising three years, and ! automobiles are being operated sue- •, Percheron mare foal. Apply to ‘ cess fully on power generated from *; iis Sharpe, Shawville.	1 charcoal gas which is made in an %
----- attachment to the motor. It has */
been found that there is a deficiency *f of about 20 per cent in the power

>4
Pcnecostal Tent Meetings
FOR SALE—Forty Plymouth Ro. pullets, five months old. Apply t A is. Wesley Pirie, R. 1. Shawvillt Phone 10-42.
li
Tent meetii Sunday, Aug Sunday. Sept. Lai Sunday
held on :Y.

i
21 th, continuing to 10th, with Evangelist tier, as special speaker, services at 2.45 and 8.09 IP- m.: each week night, except Monday and ‘Saturday.
Verne and enjoy the Gospel in song and word.
Rev. F. O. Routley. Pastor


l

FOR SALE mare

V1X
/
i
FOR SALE—Two-year-old sow. clue
to
Storie, Maryland, Que. Phone 8-14. made available as compared with
gasoline
FOB RENT—Two comfortable rooms Gasoline has been produced from For further particulars apply to Mrs. coal and shale for many years, and Asa Laughren, Centre Street. Shaw- a bureau of standards estimate inville. ‘Phone 34-22.	' dicates that possibly as much as 50
miHHH	Per cent of the gasoline used in op*
AVTOTRAC—Make your car a full crating the Nazi war machine prior time farm worker by turning it into to the bombardment of the Ploesti an autotrac. Autotrac supplies you oil fields v.as manufactured from with a low cost farm power fully coal, equal to that of four hor es. Ask I for lrce folder giving full information. Apply to Clifford Cone, Shaw-\ hie. Phone 35.
>

| The Hodgins Lumber Go.
Services each day at 8.00 and 10.30 . m.; 2.30 and 8.00 p. m. Special evangelist will be present and Rev. H. Bei ry, recently returned missionary from Egypt.
A special invitation is extended to the people of the district.
Rev. J. Patterson, Pastor


w^wwwwwe

sW
Brazil apparently has gone fur ther than other countries in d^covering gasoline substitutes turc running as high as CO per cent alcohol and 10 per cent gasoline is now in general use in that country. As a matter of fact that country has been using this mixture since 1931, the plan having been made compulsory by law in order to meet the motor fuel shortage and help use up the surplus of sugar from which the alcohol was manufactured.
A mix
Suggests Use of Tannic
Acid for Poison MILKERS- If you are considering Dr. William L. Holt, heal*' .oer the purchase of a new De Laval at Massachusetts State . -e. says ; Milker for Spring delivery, please one of the methods of t. eating heat give us your order now as we are burns is to open the blisters and unable to obtain milkers without the apply tannic acid and this, same faimers* signed order. Clifford Cone, method of treatment might be ap- Shaw ville plied to inflammation caused by poison ivy.
The treatment consists in vigorously rubbing the eruption with a piece of gauze or cheesecloth soaked in 95 per cent alcohol
Place Orders Now
i
Our 1944 quota on Farm Machines is completed with the exception of a few Fall machines.
In order for us to insure delivery, anyone requiring farm machines, barn equipment or fence wire for 1945 will be well advised to place orders now.
Phone 36
A reliable girl to do
WANTED I house work in family of three adults Apply at The Equity Office.
Remove Crop Refuse to
. Combat Garden Insects
Powerful Explosive Made
From Methyl Alcohol
A recently announced high explosive more powerful than TNT is the principal reason why methyl alcohol anti freeze will not be available in 1943-44. Methyl alcohol is necessary to the manufacture of hexa-mine, basic ingredient of an explosive for bombs.
The country's production of methanol, the - name by which methyl alcohol is known to chemists, has more than doubled since war began. However, the requirements for it in explosives, plastics, and varied military articles eliminates its use in antifreeze and many peacetime products.
Enormous quantities of methanol how required for the war program are possible only because of the chemical industry’s development during the past 10 years of a process for synthesizing it from coke and water.
Methanol formerly was made by the destructive distillation of wood. Today methanol, chemically identical-with wood alcohol, is produced by high-pressure synthesis.
FOR SALE— Farm, about 75 acres, on Highway No. 8. one mile East of Shawville, Que., solid brick house, 9 rooms and bathroom, good outbuild-
Sha.wville, Que
The rub-
r. , .	. bing should be severe enough to rc-
Une of the most effective ways to move the tops from small blisters. i< t’ce insect and disease troubles I Large blisters should first be washed J,n t.ie garden is to clear all refuse I with alcohol and opened with a knife from each crop area as soon as the dipped in alcohol. After the tops of
arc harvested.	the blisters have been removed,
This means that not only stems, whatever matter oozes from the stalks, leaves and overripe fruits open blisters should be wiped off should be removed, but also stub- with dry sterile gauze. A large piece fle of the roots. Borers and other of gauze saturated with a 10 per insects may find shelter in these for cent solution of tannic acid should the winter, unless the refuse is thor- then be applied over the inflamed oughly cleaned away from the gar- area and allowed to stay for 30 min-den. Weeds and grass should be utes
Particulars write Box 75,
Try a new McGormic-Deering Cream
Separator now
It will put DOLLARS in your pocket
Teacher Wanted
Qualified Protestant Teacher or
Dutiei to State
High School graduate commence September 5th salary expected. Apply to
KENNETH J. ROBINSON Sec-Treasurer Waltham, Que.
,	, .	,	—	,	At the end of a half hour al-
cJeaned from the garden borders as low the skin to dry. Do not wipe
VeJ!\êâ . _ ,	, .	dry. This treatment is repeated
Most of this plant rubbish	can	every	six	hours and	new blisters
be spread on the compost	pile,	should	be	treated in	similar man-
Tamped down and mixed with fer- ner. Usually three or four treat-1 Two dual-purpose Shorthorn bull tilizer, lime, manure and other	rub-	ments	are	sufficient.	A crust will	calves	(pure	pred)	sired	by Hillview
fcish it is soon rotted, and furnishes	form	over	the blisters and in a	Darlington	King,	whose	sire	was
no harbor for insects.	week’s time the crust falls off	I Hillview Rose Darlington, his dam
Gardeners who have neither room The 10 per cent solution of tannic I Producing 12045 lbs. milk in one
¦“ “”p0'L	'	treatment,,	I
Hodgins Garage
FOR SALE
Chevrolet
Sales
Buick, Oldsmobile
Service
i
Phone 64
4
.
###PAGE###5###



NOTICE
tsSFXk
"SSW
To whom it may concern:
I hereby give notice tliat I will not be responsible for any debts contracted in my name without my written order.
ANSOO
ROLAND ELLIOTT Campbell’s Bay, Que.
PLENACHROME
FILM
Boys and Youths
Clothing Specials
FOR SCHOOL OPENING
Are You Making a Will ?
H
name for the wonderful Him you knew as A KG A ANSCO
!
If so, and it is your wi.-h to identify your name with some charitable institution out of a desire to benefit others, you could not do
better than remember The I'oktiaO Community Hospital when making your btquests
One word instead °1 two, and its wrapped in an attractive blue and red'car-
ton
He know» that hi* Renfrew Cream Separator will help to meet the Government's request for increased butter production and return greater profits to himself. He knows that his Renfrew Is a "front line" marhine-r-sturdy. efficient to the lawt bunco of butterfat obtainabl omiral because of Its sUnuina Canada's wartime emergency It will do it* part with unerring dependability.
Today your Renfrew Is more Important than e*er. If you are one of the many who have ordered Renfrew#, please be patient tion cannot keep up with demand because of shortage of raw materials. Keep in touch with tiie nearest Renfrew representative.
IMPORTANT
-
'tou know how it is with
changes of this sort especially to day
the new packages around. And with the paper shortage
any

t
nd that in
i
It takes time to get
PUBLIC NOTICE
I’roduc-
we don't want to waste of our old boxes. So for while will you please accept
your ANSCO FILM in either
package
blue or the new blue and red? Only the name and package
are new.
RANGES
Province of Quebec
Municipal Corporation of Shaw ville
a
Boys' School Sweaters, all wool, fine quality pullover sweater, small, medium and large ; colours dark wine and navy
Boys’ fancy plaid sweaters, zipper and V-neck small, medium and large. Special
Boys heavy wool pullover, V-neck and zipper, small, medium and large
Boys and Youths fancy brushed wool sweater, zipper from top to bottom, navy blue $2.95
Boys and Youths fancy pullovers, lightweight wool and cotton mixtures. Special
TRUCK
SCALES
To the ratepayers of the aforesaid Municipality:
Public Notice is hereby given by the undersigned Harland C. Rowat, Secretary-Treasurer, of the aforesaid ; Municipality, that I The Valuation Roll for the said Municipality	for the	current	year
j has been completed and is 1 posited at his office.
And that on Tuesday the fifth day of September, next,	at its	usual
C hour and place of meeting, the Mun-C icipal Council will proceed to the g	examination,	revision	and homolo-
E	gallon of the	said roll.
Given at Shaw ville this 26th day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-four.
m
$1.59
the old orange and
CREAM SEPARATORS
WASHING
MACHINES
$1 25
The film is the same high-quality film you have used for years.
Mad* In All Popular Sizes. Hand or Electrically Operated.
now de-
$2.50
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED
RENFREW ONT. SUSSEX M B ST.JOHNS RQ. REGINA SASK.
I
9
THE CORNER STORE
LEO R. KEON
Es a 8 Mrs. M, C. Howard
Main and Centro Sts SHAW VILLE
$1.00

Boys and Youths good quality khaki shirts
85 cents.
75 cents
.. $1.25
assorted
$2.10
90 cents
$1.49
35 cents 65 cents
$1.49 to $1.65
$3.00 $2.65 to $3.25
D 1ST KIC T KEPK K S E N TATI YE
McKee - Quebec
sizes 12 to 14
H. C. RO'.VAT, Sec-Treasurer Village of Shawville
Boys dark navy School shirts.....
Boys fancy plaid shirts ..........
Boys and Youths School Pants, colors, sizes 32 to 34 ...........
Boys and Youths Cotton Shorts.....
Boys navy Cotton Pants ..
Boys cotton golf hose......
Boys woollen golf hose.....
Youths School Oxfords.....
Boys Brown School Oxfords
Boys Black Oxfords.........
Growing Girls School Oxfords, brown, tan
$2.25
Growing Girls brown loafer, genuine colored retan leather .


N	Cellar Storage
B No doubt cellar storage is the « more convenient way to keep vegc-fi ! tables. Too often, however, the i E temperature of the room is too.high, B especially in.the fell and the begin-E | rung of the winter. ,A cellar in Which fc | the average temperature cannot be E kept below 50 degrees is bound to B cause much spoilage of stored vegc-E tables. Proper ventilation will help y to : livei Vne temperature of a cellar M in the fall. Keep the cellar windows ÊJ ( pen on cool nigh's and close them
;. If this is done h October, it will e cellar walls.
-r.'Tvjkrw.ziyutza r,
0,
Notice to Employees
AND THESE MALE EMPLOYEES
I
W
Ey an order signed on August 15th, 19-11. by t!v u signed Minister of Labour under authority of National
Selective Sen lee Mobilization Regulations:
y.
0
• •
k *

Commencing August 22nd. 12 I !. every employer is required to check the documents held by each newly engaged male employee, within 7 days of tin* employee's engagement, to determine if such employee posies* documents to show that lie Is in good standing under National Selective Scr\ice Mobilization Regulations (that is. in relation to the Military Call-up);
Every employer mn>| report on Schedule 9 to the Registrar for bis Mobilization Division, concerning : réemployée found not to jio-se^ documents as refererd to:
1.
3. Every
employer is required similarly to che< x to v document* held by each male employee «ev.lv engaged beli
duri.i
warm
ooni .slci-tly tkir
* n
May I-t, 19 21, and August
22nd, ! v 1 1. and to report to the Regis-
¦
i ?
IT
V v>
L 4

bis Mobilization Division by August 29th. 191 !, on any such employee found not to possess documents a* referred to;
îî r
black .
s
First Floss Plant
Petorkcy. Michigan’s new $165.000 milkweed fljss processing plant is the first of its kind in the world.
Purchase of a factory building in south Petoskey and its remodeling, and the construction of a 90 fc 150 foot concrete annex was ap; roved by the new company.
Processed milkweed floss, t *rd aa substitute for kapok, now u avail able because of Japanese occi on of former island sources, wi 1 turn out millions of pounds of mi kw ec pods for use in life preservers, lifejackets, and airplane wings for th< l,navy. The navy will require from ; eight to ten million pounds of the : pods in the next three years. The ’ctoskey plant will have a capacity f drying out 25.000 pounds a Jay.
$3.50
4.
\ny mule employee here referred to, b required by the Regulations to present bis documents to bis employer for purpose* <>f in-pcciion;
Penalties are provided for any employer or male employee who fails to comply with these Regulation*.
• •
2.
5.
or
Hy un earlier order, employers were required to check the documents held by their male employee*, and to report by .May 1st. 1911, on doubtful ru^e-. a* well a~ ease.*» w here employees did not po.vo.s document-. The procedure for the present continuing check, although being notified to employer- in •’.Notice to Employers and ibeir Male Employee/ , which is now being mailed, is identical with that set forth hi •"Employers" Guide'1, wliieli covered the check made before May 1st, 1911,
Store closed at 12 o'clock, noon,
every Wednesday
Employers are ashed ; > remember that they do nut report on men who do possess i!te necessary documents—only on those who fail to present document* for examination, or where there is doubt that the document presented action*y proves good standing.
The employers of Canada co-operated very satisfactorily on the first check, me.de up to May 1st last. This co-operation was decidedly helpful. and is eery much appreciated. Further co-ftlwration is now earnestly requested.
Schedule 9 and détails ns to documents which prove good standing, are available through the Employment and Selective Service Offices.
Refuge From Heat
Frascati is foremost of the so-ailed Castelli Romani—villa-sur-ounded towns that dot the Alb an lopes at a thousand feet above sea ?vel and piuvide refuge from tome's summer heat. Normally the illas are occupied in season by veal thy Romans or by tourists from • broad. Some belong to the state. In this class since World War 1 is Villa Falconieri, outside Frascati on the road to Tusculum. Until that war it belonged to Kaiser Wilhelm of Gemeny, who made it his vacation	on	occupons.
R
t*

1


NATIONAL SELECTIVE SERVICE

HUMPHREY MITCHELL
Minister of Labour
A. MacNAMARA
Director. National Selective Service
Native Party Highlight
Of South Sea Island
Dw.2tS.44
One of the highlights of South Sea island of Samoa is the tofa party, stated rr-
GRAIfOv^

ally for the war-bound

Controlling Explosives A typical instance of control over t>iant explosive forces was the damming of the Saguenay river in Canada for a hydroelectric project. The torrential rush of the current balked successive attempts to complete a cofferdam, the conventional method.
So the dam was built completely out of the water, standing upright on end upon one bank of the river. The steel and concrete structure towered 95 feet in height, was 45 feet wide and measured 40 feet where it was to plumb the river at its deepest point.
• The problem was to drop its huge out, the party moves into the “boon- bulk into place in the stream. The docks’’ (jungles) to the fale (house) margin between success and failure of the nearest native chief. If the departing marine has been friendly with the natives, the chief will order a kave (drinking ceremony) and siva-siva (dance).
i
Albania Grows
Albania is slightly larger than Sicily, or Vermont, and supports a million people. Less than one-tenth of its- area has been under cultivation. It normally exported olives, cheese, cattle, hides, bitumen, copper and oil. Oil production increased from 10,000 to 619,000 barrels a year in three years, lifting Albania to sixth among European nations in crude
. _	H oil production. The Italians built a
And next, a remind* r about one 45-mile pipeline from Petrolia to of the older metal favorites for Valona
*¦ asss
land life.
. Great strides toward modernization have been made in recent years. Albania has mineral wealth, large forests, ample water power and other natural resources to support industrial growth.
>
và.
Chrome Plating
A warning about one of the newer finishes, chromium plating, will direct you in taking care of household metals. Never under any circumstances use metal polishes or any kind of cleaning powder on a chromium finish. It is a soft metal and the plating wears off easily. It is easy to keep it clean with just a damp cloth.
• » A
Tofa* (accented on the fa) is the native word for good-by, and a tofa party is the customary farewell tossed for Leathernecks stationed there who have received orders to move on to other areas.
The floor of a hut or tent is generally the locale of a tofa party. A fire bucket is used for a mixing container and a bayonet to chop the ice. The marines sit on the floor and drink refreshments from their canteen cups, or directly from the fire bucket.
l
PURINA
CHOWS
CUSTOM MIX

THE HEART IS PURINA
Obtain Top Prices
You must have top quality in your dressed poultry to obtain top prices. Thé last two weeks' feeding on Purina Chick Fafena Checkers gives you that extra Milk-Fed-Finish that pays.
When taps blow and the lights g(
was rated in inches. A Du Pont expert planted 1,000 pounds of a gelatin dynamite in just the right spot to blow away the supports holding the dam upright. The entire charge exploded as a single shot. The tower toppled and fell. Five seconds after the blast, the huge dam rested squarely on the target.
If the iron does become rusty, you can remove the rust with scouring powder or with steel wool. Put a thin coat of saltless oil or fat over any iron utensil, which you use only once in a while. Then, wrap it in paper and store in a dry place.
Samoans enjoy parties as much as marines, and the jungle tufas sometimes last until daybreak.
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
;
, *
###PAGE###6###
P
; We Must Stem Tide Of Hysteria And Ignorance
JAP DRYDOCKS AND OIL DEPOTS HIT BY B-29S
.1
r
fier
Easy to roll, delightful
to smoke

Bath
6
<
Tokyo
m
I Except for a few radical intel! kctuals, no one in Canada really I wants socialism, J. M. Macdonnell, I former head of the National Trust, I argued before the London Rotary I Club last week. Other men turned I to that party, he said, “only be-
they distrust the business what it has done and
•s
CHINA
kÊ
¦ O
fk#t, MM#Æ< heod^fNn #$Wth#W fcaWljC
>

a


f
Mcipi&i»
INDIA
cause
community what it can do.” Bluntly Mr. Macdonnell stated: "That’s the simple, unpleasant fact, end regard us as selfish and incompetent.”
That distrust, Mr. Macdonnell, attributes to the CCF’a constant campaign of fear and ridiculous fear that the war must necessarily he followed by vast unemployment.
i s
^'Formoie,

SAIPAN )
GUAM*
IUAMA


They distrust us
a
¦fl.......
• f	hdanao

PHILIPPINS ISLANDS
Dr. Chases Ointment

THAILAND
»
FINE CUT CIGARETTE TOBACCO
w '
for Chafing Sk/n Irritations Eczema

an unfounded
r
WHAT SCIENCE
IS DOING
NEW
MALAY*
cunts
GUINEA


and a square deal for all, including work on fair terms; and finally, an assurance that the claims of the weak and the unfortunate will not be forgotten. ... If we make clear that in peace as well. as in war we have a sense of public responsibility, then wt will be able to •tern the tide of ignorance and hysteria.” '
Bonaecour Mines Limited
<N# PcrMial Liability) Bought — Sold — Quoted PICARD & FLEMING
ftteck nreWere
tee AdelelUe St. Wnt, Tarante
AD. MSI
While some may think that Mr. Macdonnel is too sweeping in his declaration that business is so widely distrusted, most of us will agree wtih the remedy he suggests,
•ays
donnel says:
"Thats the way we are being pictured. The task is clear. We have to convince men like that that eapitalism is not for the benefit of She few, that wages, jobs must come first, and that taxation can guard against undue profits. We have to convince them that under our system while there will be full opportunity for those with energy and the creative instinct — the Edisons large and small — to continue adding to the nation's wealth as in the past, there will also be adequate safeguards against exploitation so that there will be justice
%
*

$
•ON NIC

Pfe-C»
%
0
I HH
Pure Water?




The Financial Post. Mr. Mac-


\\
Because water is the universal solvent, really pure water is never found in nature, comments the Saskatchewan Farmer.
To some extent it dissolves everything, even solid rock, glass, or gold. As it flows through rock strata it picks up a little of everything It touches. It dissolves carbon dioxide, producing naturally carbonated water.
When it dissolves natural gas in the ground, there is the amazing phenomenon of water giving off inflammable bubbles.
This solvent action of water poses staggering problems for industry. As little as one part of iron in two million parts of water can wreck a textile mill by staining cloth.
Traces of minerals upset the delicate chemistry of rayon making. Boiler scale, formed of the minerals left behind by hard water, is a costly hazard in power plants.
Water hardness poses the biggest problems encountered by industry and householders alike. Hardness is governed by the quantity of calcium and magnesium compounds dissolved in water.
Less than one grain (about one seven-thousandth of a pound) of these compounds per gallon makes water objectionably hard for certain industrial uses.

P'
%
¦
: «F1 x
V*

Modern Etiquette
By ROBERTA LEE
Map shows where American Superfortresses, in a record MOO-mile round trip from aecret Chinese hases, Wasted Japanese drydocks and shipways at Nagasaki on the southern tip of Jap archipelago, and oil refineries and depots at Palembang, in southeastern Sumatra. The spectacular bombing is the beginning of the new offensive which American military leaders promise will bring Japan’s unconditional surrender.
Nazis On Wrong End Of Robombers
1.	Is it correct to use the fork or the spoon when eating desserts?
2.	When in general company and a question has been addressed to one person, is it permissible for another to answer it?
3.	Would it be proper to write a temporary address on a calling card with a pencil?
4.	What is the proper position for a person to hold his head while eating at the table?
5.	In general conversation, what could be characterized a« the two most annoying bores?
6.	Is it necessary that a man hold his hat in his hand when in a sîTop with a woman?
German officers in a prison camp in southern England are revealed to have petitioned the commandant for immediate removal to another section of England after a robot bomb landed nearby recently without causing damage or casualties.
THE WAR • WEEK — Commentary on Current Events
Nazis Are Planning Long-Range Conspiracy Against The World
FRENCH ROLL OUT THE BARREL
with gigantic debts, taxes, inflation, unemployment, economic stagnation, and class conflicts. They expect rivalries within the ranks of the United Nations to make world economic recovery practically impossible. Then when the masses find that there is no hope from the victors, the Nazis believe they will turn to the "dynamic leadership” offered by the Germans. This arrangement would ensure a highly industrialized Reich surrounded by dependent agrarian neighbors. In effect, Germany would be pretty well set fof the Third World War or tor the third phase of the Thirty (or more)>. Years' Waf.
It might be said that this became a Thirty Years’ War with the advent of August. We wish that it might be said with historical finality—for that would mean an end in 1944 ot the world conflict which began on August 1, 1914, was interrupted by the Armistice of 1918, and was resumed on a larger scale September 3. 1939. We are inclined to be skeptical, however, about civilization’s chances* of getting off with a mere Thirty Years' War. True, the Germans may get another armistice before the end of 1944; but all the signs point to German determination to make this a briefer armistice than its predecessor— and to make the third phase ot this Thirty Years' War a more violent and destructive thrust for world domination than the phases which we know as the Fi.st and Second World Wars, says Courier-Express.
m
¦

#

J
ANSWERS
1. Desserts are usually eaten with a fork, although in some instances both fork and spoon are furnished. 2. No; it would be very ill-breJ to do so. 3. No; it should be writtgm
The head shotiljrbe
, b\t
%


«
m <1
t

4
with ink. 4.
held in an erect position stiffly. Rend the body fotyard slightly, of course, when taking a bite; but the head should never be bent down over the plate, y The one who tries to prove he is right, and the one who tries to prove another is wrong. C. No; he need not remove his hat.
not
•V
WORKERETTE

Nazi V-2 Weapon: 10-Ton ‘Rockets’
mm'
k\ il»
Headache


I
*
The Buffalo

An Allied commentator said recently that German talk of using 10-ton explosive rockets against England, in the manner of the robot bombs, may not be sheer propaganda talk.
He pointed to attacks by RAF Lancasters on possible V-2 (rocket) sites with 12.000-pound "quake-makers.”
A new rocket is reported from certain unauthenticated sources inside France to weigh about 00 tons at launching. Its size is said to diminish as fuel is expended in flight through the stratosphere and the 10-ton war-head is designed as the part of this monster weapon to reach its destination.
The commentator said V-2 might be highly inaccurate or might fizzle out in flight, but that there should be no wishful thinking.
1

Nothing is more depressing than headaches ..
Why suffer?...Lambly's	\
will give instant relief	\
Lambly's i$ good for earache, toothache, pains in Ttty back, stomach, bowels Twaa? >
1
*

$


k
Plans for Next War
To illustrate: Eight years ago, Henry C. Wolfe. American writer (who called the turn on the Hitler-Stalin pact, in the face of general skepticism), sat with Erich Koch, gauleiter of East Prussia, in flic latter's office in Koenigsberg. Here is what Koch said, according to Wolfe's article. "German Plans for the Next War" in the August American Mercury:
"We shall beat you by one means or another. We are at war with your bourgeois civilization. The methods we use will be dictated by circumstances. At times we may fight you on the battlefield; at other times it will be a war of ideas. Wc may suffer defeats; you may win victories. Or at least you will think you have won. But our will is stronger than yours. And in the end we «shall smash you!’
Now that the Russians are tearing into East Prussia, Gauleiter Koch's words sound like empty boasts—but were they? Wolfe apparently doesn’t think so.
Economy of Europe Scrambled
"As part of their long-range conspiracy against the democratic world,” says Mr. Wolfe, "the Nazis have scrambled the economy of Europe entirely.” They have destroyed the accumulated capital and business structures of the Occupied countries. They are employing the scorched earth policy aimed at leaving the evacuated lands so impoverished as to postpone and perhaps to prevent economic recovery entirely. Their depopulation policy which employs every ruthless method of decreasing the birth rate and destroying established populations—by starvation and the uprooting of millions of people and settling them far from their native lands—is calculated to leave a debilitated generation in the rest of Europe facing a healthy and vigorous German generation, he warns.
“Once the war is over,” writes Mr. Wolfe, “the Nazis reason that jobless millions will be demanding employment, and the Germans will be ready to step in and say: 'We have the plans. Not all our machinery was destroyed by bombs. Give us the manpower and the raw materials and we shall produce for the world markets. That will mean employment and finished goods for all. We'll all prosper by this ar
»
!
I

4L
(
\
Wtx
/



il
Thirsty Allied soldiers cluster around a barrel, rolled out by townsfolk for French patriots about to leave Chef Du Pont, France for service with the French army.
HEADACHE POWDERS u
l
I
MEDICAL

FOR SALE
ACCOINTANTS A AUDITORS
\
UAI MbiKKA I’l M 11 UAI>1 dtmi uye
liiatiintly. 45c Penman
MOUNT GILEAD APPLE SHREDder. Arranged for power drive. Equipment Sales Co., 122 King E. Toronto.
COMPLETE MONTHLY SERVICE, small businesses our specialty. All Government reports prepared. Brett & Company. 8 Wellington East, Toronto.
offensive odur bottle Ottawa n«enL Drue Store Ottawa.
ITS EXCELLENT. REAL REsuits after taking Dixon's Remedy for Rheumatic Pains and Neuritis. Munro’s Drug Store. 333 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
SLIPIT HARNESS DRESSING -Finest leather and harness preservative. S! I pit also has many houeshold uses 25c up at most grocery. hardware and chain ¦tores. A product of Lloyds Laboratories Toronto.
(
BABY CHIC KS
PLAN AHEAD—TAKE STOCK OF your needs—now is the time to place orders for September chicks and cash in on good markets. Get good stock, with a good record of production. Bray Hatchery. ISO John St. North. Hamilton. Ont.
i
i

PATENTA
34 NEW CANADIAN ARMY OF-flcers’ saddles and bridles. $40 set. Apply 14 Wood street, Toronto.
FETH15 ItKTON HA UGH * COMPANY Patent Solicitor». Established II SMi; 14 Kinn West. Toronto, Booklet of Information on request
STOP SNEEZING
HAH Y CHICKS
FREE RANGE PULLETS SIXTEEN
NEW AND USED CAR AND TRUCK ports. Riverside Auto Parts, 616 Queen Street East. Toronto.
Hay fever sufferers say there's nothing like NOSTROLINE for instant action. You smear NOSTROLINE up your nose, where the trouble is. Stuffiness, sneezing, sniffing, irritation are relieved immediately. Breathing is easy. NOSTROLINE helps keep the nose healthy. 50c at all druggists.
weeks of age to laying. Barred Jtockn, White Leghorns, New Hnmpshires, Hybrids. Free catalogue. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus, Ontario.

1*1101 «Miff 1k I « Il V
ELECTRIC MOTORS. NEW. USED, bought, sold. rebuilt; belts, pulleys, brushes. Allen Electric Company Lid.. 2326 Duffer!n St.. Toronto.
Typifying the war-working womanhood of Great Britain, Desnit Magnus, above, was awarded title of "Miss War Worker—1944” by Sussex County, together with cup which is hers outright "because 1944 is the Victory Year”
TIME TESTED QUALITY SERVICE and SATISFACTION
PULLETS BARRED ROCKS. NEW Hampsthires, White Leghorns and other breeds. 16 weeks up to laying. Free catalogue. Top Notch Chickerles, Guelph, Ontario.
FULL SIZE POULTRY CRATES $1 85. FOB. St. Jacobs. Ivan Martin, St. Jacobs. Ontario.
Your film» pruptily developed and
printed
6 OR 8 EXPOSURE ROLLS 25c REPRINTS 8 fur 25c FINEST ENLARGING SERVICE l'un in i il y nut gel all the films yuu want this year, hut yuu cun get all thu quality and service you desire by sending your films to
IMPKKIA*
Station .1
NOSTROLINE
1 % CUM ON, SlISTOl, ENGLAND
DYEING A CLEANING HAVE IUU ANYTHING NEEDS
BIRD8ELL CLOVER DULLER ready to go to work. Roy Scand-len, 38 Evans Avenue. Mimico. Ont.
dyeing or cleaning? Write to us for Information. We are glad to answer your Questions. Department H. Parker's Dye Works Limited. 791 Yonge Street Toronto.
Shipping Containers Made Of Strawboard
Good Way To Treat Sore, Painful Piles
HELP WANTED
PHimi «KIIYICB
Toron to.
RELIABLE SINGLE MAN WANTed for modern farm, milking machine used, good home, best wages, permanent position. Box 92, Brooklin, Ont.
Farmers who sell their surplus wheat, rye or oat straw to Hinde and Dauch Paper Co. in 1 renton for manufacture into strawboard are not only helping themselves by turning their surplus straw into cash, but they are also helping, the war effort tremendously.
Straw is manufactured into strawboard which, in turn, is used in tbe manufacture of corrugated shipping containers so largely used by the Department of Munitions and Supply for shipments overseas and also for packaging necessary civilian food and clothing.
EDUCATIONAL
ATTEND BUSINESS COLLEGE thla Fall, insist on Gregg Shorthand, taught In over 18.000 schools, choice of- highly-paid stenographers, secretaries and reporters. "Graduate sooner with Gregg."
Here Is the chance for every person In Canada suffering from sore, Itching, painful piles to try a simple home remedy with the promise of a rellcble firm to refund the cost of the treatment If you are not satisfied with the results.
Simply go to any druggist and get a bottle of Hem-Hold and use as directed. Hem-Rold Is an Internal treatment, easy and pleasant to use and pleasing results are quickly noticed Itching and soreness are relieved, pain subsides and as the treatment Is continued the sore, painful pile tumors heal over leaving the rectal membranes clean and healthy. Get a bottle of Hem-Rold today and see for yourself what an easy, pleasant way this Is to rid yourself of your pile misery.
WANTED
WANTED TU DUY: ALL KINDS UF hard wood and soft wood logs, also small quantity bolts. Write Bogdon & Gross. Furniture Co. Ltd
HAIRDRESSING
AMBITIOUS GIRLS and MIDDLE AGE
XValkerton, Out.
FARM FOR SALE
$5.000—-100 ACRES. ALL TILLable, Durham county on 7A Highway, 65 miles Northeast Toronto. Excellent soli, buildings, water; Immediate possession; sacrifice, death reason selling. Apply owner, Mrs. Amelia Marlow, Nestle* ton. Ont.
women, learn hairdressing at Canada's finest and largest schools. Refined, dignified work. Splendid pay. Write or call for free literature. Marvel Hairdressing Schools. 368 Bloor Street, Toronto. Branches 44 King Street, Hamilton, and 74 Rideau Street. Ottawa.
Farmhand—Single
WANTED. EXPERIENCED Wt'KK-er for dairy farm, perm:.nent position, good wages: give references. Box 146, Richmond Hill, Ont.
WANTED TO BUY. BUSH LANDS or Farms containing bush lands, suitable to cut furniture lumber. Write Bogdon & Gross, Furniture Co. Ltd., Walkerton, Ont.
HAIKDRfBMSiNU Robertson method, on request regarding
Robertson's Hairdressing ____
emy. 1*7 Avenue Road Toronto
THE Information
classes. Acad -
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—COMPLETE CREAM-
ery, package 50 gal. pasteurizing plant Including cooling $* h.p. boiler, all in | dition. Write for particulars to J. P. Cybulekle, Barry’s Bay, Ont.
NOTE* The sponsor of this molles le e reliable firm, del#* basis#
pump and good con-
power Mower for ford •ferguson" Tractor, John Worsley, Cameron, Ontario.
WANTED—100-150 ACRES FRONTage on river or lake, .preferably St Lawrence dlstlct, good land, some bush or orchard, house and buildings In good repair, electricity, on or near high school bus route. W. L Currier, Jr.. Ill Hartley street, Brockville. Ont
MEDICAL
In Canada for over 2# years. If yon
troubled with sore, Itehlog, peloful piles, Hem-Rold meet kelp you quickly or tbe smell porch price will be gledly refunded.
4
PEOPLE ARE TALKING ABOUT the good results froml taking Dixon’s Remedy for Rheumatic Pains and Neuritis. Munro's Drug Store. 1S6 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
ENGLISH SETTERS—ONE DOG. 1 bitch * months, well bred, 1 bitch 7 yean, mother of pups, broken, papers, $16 each. Ed. Grondin, Amhentburg, Ont
Te reim ««trees el MONTHLY^.'
female Weakness
STOMACH AND THREAD WORMS often are the cause of Ill-health In humans, all ag mune! Why not f la your trouble? Interesting particulars—Free! Write Mulveney'a Remedies, Specialists, Toronto 1.
F ARM A LL F-14 ON RUBBER, AL-11s Chalmers B. with mower attachment, three-furrow p two-furrow plow; two-furrow plow, tractor disc, (Maeeey-Hsr-rls), Ford two-ton truck (good-condition), Model A, Tudor, large power elder press, two large • steam cookers. George Smith Durham.
#
ee. No one lm-Ind out If thi*

Lydia m. Plnkham's Vegetable
pound
TEACHER WANTED
Irli
periodic pain tired, Irritable
with
rygcnjejt.”
To Offer Dynamic Leadership
The Naaii, reports Mr. Wolfe, expect to finance their post-defeat activities with money and other assets hidden in neutral countries. They bank on our failure to cope
CARLETON COUNTY—ASSISTANT, 1st class certificate for Grade B continuation school. Subjects re— Mathematics, Selene | Defence training an_ necessary qualifications# food disciplinarian. SaKry f1.600; 4mtles to commence In Fall terns of 1144. Apply to Ira Owens. ~ retary, FlUroy Harbour, Ont
ling* — duo to functional monthly
ARTHRITIC ’ PAINT FOR ARTH-rltlc Pain take Fermol Rheumatic Arthritic Pain Tablets—get positive relief! At your dHigglers or send fl.$0 today and receive one month's supply powfpatd. Distributors, Box 711,
qulred . K a a ! I«h
other

a-1
*
*
A
N
L .
i
25/40 RUM LEY TRACTOR AND 14/49 Mlldmay Separator with grain thrower. Bberool Feeder and Shredder. Richard Ingram. Rotheey, Ontario.
LYDIA L PHIIUIAII’S

London.
ISSUE
1H4
OnL
i
î'i--*1
- •
i •*
#

###PAGE###7###
HEADS AIR ARMY
THOUSANDS OF CHILDREN UNITE TO WIN R.C.A.F. AIRCRAFT PLAQUES
FmTlÏ
1
r
I
,r^Æ.. :
9	^	V	"


*



Tt

%


%


?

*



pm
%
#0 * ’ - f
’ f
m
f

it**'"!







&
*
r%
%

w
I

IM
Wf



v
P
/


0
;
/


»

Lt.-Gen. Lewis W. Brereton, "U. S. Army, heads the new Allied Air-
' >*
7
4

borne Army which took a foremost part in the Southern France Invasion.
ft
/
>


L

r y



1
^'^¦.ïnmmÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊÊKÊ¦¦¦¦I
A Hurricane fighter, of the type previously made at Fort William by the workers of Canadian Car and Foundry, now engaged on Curtiss Helldiver production, was the choice of school children of Victoria and Haliburton counties in Eastern Ontario to carry the name of their area as the reward of buying over $25,000 in war savings stamps. Picture above shows Group Captain A. D. Bell Irving, officer commanding Trenton air station, after he had presented them with a plaque expressing the RCA P/s appreciation.
M

School Children at Simcoe Ont., raised $11,600 in war stamp sales and their money bought a Fleet Cornell training plane which was presented to the bombing and gunnery school, Jarvis. Proud of their job, these pupils give the plane a 'going over” Left to right. Harry Bryan, John Page, George Kerr, Creighton Riordon and Doug. Hare. Only recently the workers of Fleet Aircraft, at Fort Erie, were honoured with their name given to a plane which they made “on their own time” and which they presented to the war effort.


'
: '
; mm

PER ARDUA AD ASTRA
CANADIAN TANKMEN CLEAR WAY FOR BRITISH INFANTRY
i F
i
t



4
I


/



t
a
British Lieut.-Gen. Frederick A.
Browning, is Gen. Brereton's deputy. The Airborne Army, first of its kind in history, is composed of American and British paratroop and glider forces.
sHH
%


#
*
0.
¦
m

33k
%
>0=




AWARDED MEDAL
\

i
U.4

;
>
»
«



m

*
1 V
6
*.
J
yR.
w

I
<
Vm «\ ^
1
Ü-
Ï
1
* w

<*¥£
Kt

1
W0h

/

l-àt r




A
-


lF<


* w

K
if
Ï


> 5
tr



4 • #:




JF

?
fS


On the main road leading into the Italian village of Montespertoli, Canadian tanks halt while British
infantry moves past to mop up the town. The tanks already had blasted the town but the “P B.I." had to clear the enemy from buildings.
This is the handsome RX.A F. Plaque which, together with the honour of having their name given to an aircraft, goes to schools which have reached their war savings stamp objective—the cost of the aircraft. The scroll reads: “Presented by the Royal Canadian Air Force in recognition of the financing of an aircraft through the purchase of war savings stamps by the students” of the schcols or schools honoured. Several hundred thousand school children ticipated in the enterprise this past school year. Popular choicei were Canadian-made aircraft such as Fleet Cornells, Noorduyn Harvard» Canadian Car and Foundry Hurricanes and Ansons.


4k,

w
• - 1

HERO DECORATED
par
%
THE MOST DAR6ER0DS
M
m


&
DISEASE-CARRIER
4
1
BOW-WOW CHOW


I i


#••«< Ihey Ugkf
*
i
I
r,Z



4
1

J
?
v




%
4

y
S
;
V




?
f
i

t




i
?
?
: /
F
>
For bravery in the face of the enemy while photographing Canadian troops in the battle lor Ortons last winter Sergeant Jack
Arnold StoDery of St. Tho_______
Ont., has been awarded the Military Medal. A member of the Army Public Relations photographic unit in Italy, his disregard of danger while	¦

-
"y
•
11
%.
.v



.*»
?
>
¦ ¦
X
11




May Moan Doctor’s Bills for You—Every fly in your home threatens your family with disease. These filthy insects leave disease germs on food, walls, furnishings—everything they touch. The quickest and surest way to kill flies is to spray pleasant smelling FLY TOX Powerful new ingredients developed by Rex Research, give it greater killing power than ever.
Don’t take chances. Kill every filthy fly in sight with FLY-TOX and protect your home from these _____deadly germ carriers. FLY TOX is sold everywhere.
a



w
securing action pictures in the forward area was credited with bolstering morale of the combat forces. Sgt. Stollery is the second Army Public Relations officer to be honored cent awards, Lt. J H. Smith of Toronto having been made a Me.„ her of the Order of the British Empire for gallantry during the Sicilian campaign.
i
His Majesty the King decorated a number of Canadians during his visit to his troops fighting in Italy. Picture shows His Majesty shaking hands with Major J. K. Mahony, of new Westminster, B. C., winner of the Victoria Cross after his
tüï

in re
These Marine Doberman pinschers, Guam-bound, answer the call to colors and the call to “ch^w-down," on deck of a Coast Guard-

• «
Srie


f
medal had been pinned to his Bush
A SEX RESEARCH PRODUCT
RETIRED’
#
shirt

pOLL ONE/
ONE/
one/



)
i\G^*

Wheel, Rye or Del Straw is needed for manufacture into atrawboard at the
mills of
Hinde & Dauch Paper Company
of Canada, Limited
TRENTON,
See Y
«i
n
«
0*e
«IN
%
>

f
\

NOW you know wky

I

Z
3

Retired” from action by the Allies st the age of 7S, this Nazi prisoner, proof that graybeards in uniform is a fact in hardpressed German array, im pictured headed for interment after capture m France. > * '
ONTARIO

4
makes better cigarettes
4
4

Writ* U. Direct
<

S3
14
#
i
###PAGE###8###
Dr E. J. O’Leary
DENTIST
Campbell’s Bay, Que
Phone No. 62
tiveuitiKs by appointment
Ammunition Rounds
For years a single cartridge or a single shotgun shell had been known
round.” Recent research leaves the origin of the term still in doubt.
Pte Lawrence Schwartz Now Reported Killed in Action
as a
Pte Lawrence
Ren-
Renfrew, Aug. 26 Schwartz ui Ottawa Street frew, reported missing in action in France on July 25th, has now been declared killed in action learned Friday.
A son i
Schwartz, of Otter enlisted in May, 1943
I
According to Webster’s, a “round is one shot discharged by each soldier, gun or cannon of a command; unit of ammunition for one shot. It has been assumed by many that the term was developed from the fact that the original missile fired from any sporting gun was a round
back to muzzle-loading days are ol the opinion that a complete set ol components was necessary to mak« round.” This included the bail
The Truth
it was
a
of Mr. and Mrs. Theodore ,
Lake, Que., he Service Announcements
and went
December of that year
in Renfrew
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 3rd
overseas in
Surviving him are his widow, the former Margaret Le Claire, and a five-month-old Bobbv; and in Otter Lake, his parmi two brothers, Elmer and
about
Other old timers who har
National Day of Prayer
on
SIIAWVILLE UNITED
B.A., B.D., Pastor
Quebec Textile Wages
cuts Theodore
Rev. A. F. Foke
p a
the patch, the powder and the cop The real origin of the term is sti: somewhat obscure and subject to dc bate. But by constant usage thrown the years, a single unit of ammuni lion, whether it be cartridge or shell
the well-known designation This encompasses th
i Service at Shaw ville—11.00 I Service at Zion
a.m
Page Elliott Drowned at Crow Depot
—o- •
Fort Cou longe, Aug. 2t> ployee ot Gillies Bros., of Braeside. Page Elliott, who was engaged at tire-fighting on their timber limits at Crow Depot, north of Fort Cou-longe, was drowned Friday while I
fishing in that district.
The remains were brought to the Want Undertaking Parlor at Fort Coulonge by airplane on Saturday and will be forwarded to his home in Plaster Rock. N. B. He was about 35 years old and had previously been •employed at New Calumet Mines. Calumet Island. Que.
2,00 p. m
3.30 p. m
An cm- Service at Starks Cor
8.00 p.m
Service at Shawvill
ans now >f a '‘round bullet, or shot, the powder, the case
battery cup and anvil
Latest figures from the Dominion Bui ecu of Stalisi.es earnings in the cotton yam and cloth industry are a clear and complete answer to irresponsible charges about Quebec textile wages. Dealing with per capita average weekly earnings paid on or about March 1 this year, the government statistics for this industry show that Quebec cotton workers get:
(1)	More than the average Ontario cotton worker
(2)	More than the average Maritime cotton worker
(3)	More than the all-Canada average.
Dominion Textile Company wages paid ot that date higher than the Quebec average. The figures are :
on
BRISTOL UNITED
Mr. Leslie Dean, Lay Minister
he primer he wadding, etc

St. Andrew s Sunday School Service at -
10.00 a.m
Apple Storage
Storing apples and them gradually according to mail needs will give the grower enou extra money to pay for the store acilitics provided. There are thi types of storage; air-cooled cr “cc
refrigerated
market
11.00 a.m
Knox Sunday School
Service at —
—2.15 p.m 3.00 p.m.
Austin Sunday School at Service at —
Labour Day Prayer Service
Mrs. Jos Wall, of Bryson, Bereaved
Wall, of Bryson, has
storage
“cold” storage, and controlled a mosphere storage.
Apples use up oxygen from U; air and give off carbon dioxide i the ripening process, known ; “breathing,” and vve can thercfoi realize the importance of the thii method of storage whereby the two
be controlled in the stcr-The controlled atmosphvic
mon
10.30 a.m
8.15 p.m
Mrs. Jo?*. _ , received word that her eldest daugn-Mis. Ed. Pohl. aged 47. died in
Saturday. Aug
ter
s
CLARENDON UNITED
Rev. P. L. LeBel. Pastor
Detroit. Mich., on
19th
Besides her husband and mvthci, Mrs. Pohl is survived by three brothers, Clarence Wall, of Bryson; Peter, of Malartic. Que., and Percy, of Sudbury; three sisters. Mrs. Jas. Laughren. of Shaw ville; Mrs. Percy Gardiner. Pine Falls. Man., and 1 tv Verna Walls, of Shilo, Man.
The funeral was held in Detroit, and many beautiful floral tributes were received.
are
-11.00 a.m. 3.00 p.m. 8.00 p m.
Service at Radford Service at Bristol Service at
gases can
age room.
storage puts the apple to “sleep and the ripening process can be retarded while still keeping the fruit in excellent condition, with no loss
in quality.
.	$23.76 per week per capita (D B S. Figures)
22.89
QUEBEC Maritimes .
Ontario All-Canada Dominion
Textile Co. Ltd. 24.51
These wage averages include earnings of female workers and beginners, but do not include salaries paid to mill officials, sales force or head office staff.
Yarn
44
44
44
44
23.39
23.61
ANGLICAN
4»
44
44
44
St. Paul’s
Cecil Randell, B.A., L.Th
11.00 am.
14
44
Family Income
In 1910 there were just over 20 million families in the United States and the total national yearly income paid out was slightly in excess of 28 billion dollars. This was very unevenly distributed, but had it been evenly divided among all the families, each family would have had an
income of $1,380.
By 1942 there had been an increase of 72 per cent in the number of families to a total of more than 34 million family units. At the same time,’ the national income had increased 317 per cent, to 117% bil-I lion dollars.
If this 1942 income again had been evenly divided among all families each * family would have received $3,370, which would be an increase of 144 per cent per family over the 1910 average.
Rev
THANKSGIVING DAY
Holy Communion Masonic Service
Preacher. Rev.
Rector ci
St. Lukes. Caldwell Sunday School Evening Prayer—2.00
Holy Trinity. Radford Sunday School—2.30
Evening Prayer—3.30
The ninth of October. 1944. has been appointed Thanksgiving Day by Proclamation in the Canada Gazette. In quaint words the Procla motion reads: "We therefore con sidering that these blessings vouchsafed to the people of our Dominion of Canada do call tor a solemn and public acknowledgment have thought tit, by and with the advice of Our Privv Council for Canada, to appoint and " We do appoint Monday the ninth day of October next as a day of general thanksgiving to Almighty God for the blessings with which the people of Our Dominion of Canada have been favoured during this year; and We do hereby invite all Our people of Canada to observe the said day as a day of general thanksgiving.”
7.30
A. S. Mitchell, Lth Temiskaming
1.30
DOMINION TEXTILE COMPANY LIMITED
Parish of North Clarendon
P. R. Stote, Incumbent
Rev
Charteris 10.30
St. Matthew s
Holy Communion St. Stephen’s, Greermount
Evening Prayer—2.00
Thorne Centre
Pribilof Islands Are
Haven for Alaskan Seals
The Pribilof islands — a treeless group of volcanic origin-are the
3s e'ver
island, about 14 miles in length, St
grounds of the North American or
annual computation made in 1941 in cheated 2,338,000 animals in the hero.
the herd goes to the
and there the young
and spend the first few
During
St. George s Evening Prayer —4.00 p.m
PROPERTY FOR
SALE
Teacher Wanted
School Teacher wanted for Dun-raven School, Municipality of Calumet (dissentient). Duties to commence September 5th. Applicants state salary expected.
L. E. SMITH, Sec-Treasurer, Campbell’s Bay, Que
Parish of Portage du Fort
Rev. \V. J. White
Incumbent
One hundred acres of clay loam; fifty acres under cultivation, balance hardwood bush; situated close to School and Store; three miles from Quyon village. For further particulars apply to
Phone 21-30,
1
CEMETERY MEMORIALS
St. Georges, Portage du Fort
11.00 a.m.
Holy Communion
St. Barnabas, Bristol Mines
2.15 p m
W. M. KEHOE,
Wyman, Que
We have the largest stock in the
OITA VA VALLEY
Call and see us
geo. h. FROATS & SONS
248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Phone 278
Evening Prayer
St Thomas, Bristol Evening Prayer—4.00
St. Alban’s, Parkman Evening Prayer—8.00
Teacher Wanted
One Protestant Teacher for Leslie School. For further particulars apply
THOS. QUAILE,
Sec-Treasurer,
Otter Lake, Que.
FARM FOR SALE
Each year Pribilof group are born I
Wmm
mêm
0rC so^c^lled^hauhng5grounds where I Service at 2.30 p.m. and 7.45 p.m unattached bulls and immature Rev. Jack Latimer, Preacher bachelors, congregate.	'	_
150 acres; good frame house and
' ;	2 springs.
Holiness Movement
W. C. A. McFarlane, Pastor
North Onslow Sunday School
Service at 2.30 p. m. Marion Gilmer will supply
buildings; 3 good wells Will sell with or without seasons Possession November 1st. ANDREW DICKSON R. R. 3, Kinburn, Ont.
the
Rev
crop
1.30 p.m
Teachers Wanted
Miss
FARM FOR SALE
Two Qualified Teachers for Sept. 1 Term 10	$800.00.
Well improved farm of 160 acres, | Board $25.00 per month. 12 pupils more or less, in the Township of Modern Schools. Apply to
Good buildings. 100 acres GEORGE TANNER .Sec.Treas
Possession any	Danford Lake, Que
Pentecostal Assemblies
Rev. F. O. Routley, Pastor
Shawville Service at 11.00 Evening Service withdrawn Bristol Ridge
Onslow
under cultivation time. For further particulars apply
ESTABLISHED 1883
to
COACH
G. S. WALSH,
Quyon, Que
INVALID
Spray Painting
the
the
QE0. HYNES & SON
males, or
Stark’s Comers
Service at 11.00 a m Service at 7.45 p.m
Portage du Fort Service at 3.30 p.m.
Mr. H. S. Richafdson,
Having purchased an electric portable spray-painting outfit, I am in
iSSI ISS IgpiM s
dwelling house, cow shed and stable. pp y	ELWOOD STOREY,
%=% | *“»»	=".... Sh.w.«i,, e*.
apply to
FARM FOR SALE
Army Carries Salvage
Work to Battlefield
__%	, army service forces
work never lets upw-even
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
V^Shawville Oue.
The American
salvage
the battlefield
Battle, and conditions attendant to
¦SI
agaiAst the former owners Worn shoes, canvas,
S.%%5 fiTSSSj
sst M"
easing, eventually coming back hit the Axis.
The government is-doing every
smwé
Pastor
Phone 80
on
Wesleyan Methodist
Rev. H. Kielty, 7
Shawville
Sunday School—10.00 a.m.
Evening , Service— 7.30 p.m
Campbell’s Bay
Sunday School—10.00 a m. Morning Service—10.30 a.m.
Thome
Afternoon Service at 2.30
Pastor
FARM FOR SALE
HIRAM LATHEM Caldwell, Que
Agent Wanted
NOTICE
Two hundred acre .farm in South Onslow, well fenced, good buildings,
one mile from School
,ta?Vb£i££"*1 m’kS ?"«* frd1	from	Quy« villMe. I p^RM FOR SALE I»™»* IN YOU» OWN B06IN1SS
friends of this community, very sin- m/mggggsSSSSSSSSSSBS55H== mostly pine and balsam; never fail- occupation does not take all of your cere gratitude and thanks for the	0mn A VP1 FI	ing water supply, lake on property; time, if you are honest and depenfl-
loyal support accorded me while in	olnAini/	'near School. Large brick house; bam able, military exempt, willing to
s?iPp SlSB~NiS9 flSfSl
McKee, Que. 1	Wyman, Que. 1	Charter!#, Que. ! Montreal
baskets
I
Standard Church
Rev. J. N. Patterson, Pastor
Sunday School—10.00 Evangelistic Service— 7.30 Morning Worship—11.00
fet
possible. It means
battles won.
%



