###PAGE###1###
I
y

No. 3(i 59th Yeah
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE THURSDAY, APRIL 30th,	1942
MARRIED
Annual Convention of Pontiac Women’s Institutes to be held in Quyon
Skkd Potatoes — Goverment j CiOXV IjI^ G Certified Seed Potatoes, P. E I Green Mountain, on sale at W. A The marriage was quietly mlem Hoikonh Store, Shawville ni zed in College Chapel, Hlnnmfie'd N J., on Saturday, Feb. Uth, 114?. of Amelia Kathaleen Dale, to Mr,
8wend Anderson, of New York City.
The couple were unattended.
The bride chose a frock of pale azure blue wool, with accessories to match and wore a corsage oi pink rosea.
Following the ceremony, a reception waa held at the Wivel Hotel The bride, formerly of Shaw ville. Que., is a graduate of the Child: en V	Memorial Hospital.
Montreal, Que , and the groom is u chief engineer with the Marine service.
Dale-Anderson
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
House Cleaning Time
The Annual Convention of Women'* Institute* of Pontine will lie held in the United Church, Quyon, on Tuesday. May 5th, 1942, commencing at 10 00 a, m. Mis* Roberta Scott, demonstrator, expect* to be present, and will addfeas the Convention.
C. P. A. S. No. I NOTES
Corner Bank ard Somerset Streets
Ottawa Ontario
Thi*old reliable school haw removed to large and finer premises. The finest and most modem in Ontario Attend a school with an established reputation Open all year.
is
Farmers are reminded of the joint policy of the Department of Agriculture, Quebec, and this Society of “The Assistance to Bacon Hog Producers' for which good cash premiums are available. The date for receiving entiies has been extended to May 9th,
The Spring Stallion Show will be held at the Fair grounds on Friday, May 8th.
Painting Time
See our stock of
Sherwin-Williams
SALVAGE
Now that the vote has been cast throughout Canada and a nine million dollar drive for Red Cross is under way for May, let us not forget to make a special effort to get all lines of war salvage
A date for collection will be announced later.
W. E. COWLING President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE
Principal
5
Red Cross Shipment for April
In the month of April Shawyille Red Cross shipped in one consignment, the following finished goods to Hull headquarters:
50quilts, 1 afghan, 20 hospital gowns 4 surgeons gowns. 15 prs. pajama**, 8 dressing gowns, 10 scarves, 0 sweaters, 10 prs. two-xvay mitts, 7 tm tie neck tuck ins 10 prs. gloves, 18 helmets, 0 prs. auxiliary sock**, 5 prs. mens socks, 7 sewn articles.
JAMES A. MILLAR
rea
B A.. L. L L
Paints and Varnish Cold Water Wall Tinting Enamels and Stains
also see
Our New 1942 Wallpaper Book
PERSONAL MENTION
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’.lHetel, Campbell'. Bey •very Wednesday
Lschute Spring Fair June 11,12 and 13
Lachute Spring Fair which hold* nn interest for several Sbawville citizens will be held on June 11, 12 and 13th. Some changes have been made in the prize list and a general increase of 25 per cent ha* bjen made in the prize money,
The prize list is now in the hands of the printer and intending exhibitors should write for a copy if they do not receive one by the end of the month.
The usual attractions will be presented at this Fair including hoise racing every day. Sims midway has been engaged and the dining room and lunch counters will be under the direction ot the local Women's institute.
Every evening by a grand displ particularly sa classes.
Miss Minula Gould, R.N , of Ross, spent the week-end with friends in town.
Mr. John C. Ross returned to Kippewa district this week to resume his duties as fire ranger.
Mr. Robert Davis, of San Francisco, Uni., is visiting his relatives in Bristol and Shaw ville districts.
Mr. Borden Hobbs, of Ottawa, spent the week end at the home of his brother, Hilliard Hobbs, in town.
Mrs. (Dr) Norman Halkett, of Ottawa, attended the funeral of Miss Agnes Hudgins, at Y arm, on
Friday.
Mis* Eleanor Beckett, li N , left last week to take a position the staff of the fVitkskill, New York, Hospital.
Mr, and Mrs. Mahlon Hayes, oi Ottawa, weie week end guests at the home ofthe former's parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Hayes.
Mr, and Mrs. Thus. E Farrell, of South Porcupine, have been spending a vacation with relatives in this section and at Ottawa.
Pte. Gordon Smith, of Cornwall, and eon, Walter Smith, R C. A F. of Mountain View, spent the weekend at their home in town.
morning
At PontiacHouse.Shawville
Wednesday at Noon
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAW VILLE, QUE.
Bristol Lady of 95 Cists Yes Vote
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
i Estate C. J. Caldwell
Whilst many younger voters were indifferent and unconcerned about voting on the plebiscite on Monday, we congratulate and raise out hat to Mrs. Peter Bell, of Wyman, who, at the advanced age of
an all-out war effort by casting a “yes ' vote.
May this tine Canadian citizen live to see a victorious end to this horrible war and happier davs. She did her bit —God bless her !
I
?
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
allowed her concern for
Advocate Barrister , Solicitor, etc;
Office : Campbell’» Ba>, Quebec
(In Lawn Block)
will be featured lay of light horses, (Idle and jumping
on
FOOTWEAR
DONAT Le GUERRIER
SHAWV1LLE VOTES ‘YES’ IN NO UNCERTAIN TERMS -98.3 per cent.
Anitin Women’s Association
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
The March meeting of the Women* Association of Austin United Church, wa- held at the home of Mrs. Clarence Carson, with the president, Mrs. Bland Little, in the chair.
After the opening exercises the minutes of last meeting were read. Roll Call was answered by 12 members and 8 visitor*.
At the close of the meeting refreshments were served by Mrs. Clarence Carson, assisted by Miss Norma Car-on.
The meeting was closed with prayer by Mr. Leslie Dean.
The Avril meeting was held in the Austin United Church, on April 8th, with the president, Mrs. Bland Little, in the chair. The meeting was opened by singing and reading of the minutes. 10 member» and 1 visitor were present-
Shawville village and the surrounding townships of Clarendon and Bristol were included in the few polling divisions of the Province of Quebec t«> cast a strong “yes" on the plebiscite on Monday.
It is believed that the village, .
ttTKSS?	% W&W. were	.nd .«.«»
province; when 08 3 percent, voted of then daugnter and sister in law,
>n the affirmative side. Out of a Mrs. Dean Howard, possible 450 voters, 890 cast their ballots and of these only 10 voted
•no.’	____ ______
Polls in the distuct were as home ot her païen
follows	and Mrs. Percy Dngg
Biinch at Quyon ; will call any ! Monday on request
Ma tier 8 dealt with l y cme»j ncnt
Men’s Work Boots
Made by
Mrs. C. E. Beech and daughter
W. Churchill, ot
Mrs
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT .. BARRISTER HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel Campbell’s Bay every Tuesday at Noon.
At Pontiac House Shawville every
Tuesday Evening
Ill
Greb Sisman Fournier Williams John Palmer Palmer McLellan
Canada's Best Footwear Manufacturers
Mrs. Lawrence Dagg has return I to her home in ttouyn, Que.
, ed to her home in Kouyn, Que., I after several weeks visit at the
— rents-in-law, Mr.
NO
YES
15 Aged Resident of Yarn Section Passes
14(5
D. J. CAMPBELL
Stark’s Coiners
Yarm ... Charter!*
8
96
N
After a brief illne«8. Miss Agnes Hodgins, a life-long resident of Yarn section died at her home at
Total for Clarendon. 814	35 Green Lake on Wednesday.
mmm
70	10
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
2
32
It was suggested that each member make an article out of a flour bag to he sold for 50 cents, not over, The meeting was closed by benediction repeated by all.
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE. PLATEAU 6 3 8 8
Facts About Vinegar
Vinegar has a long and ancient history as a staple condiment in cookery and pickling. And at this time, it assumes prime importance, when pickles and spice, and everything nice, are being canned and packed, and when the directions “bottle and seal” are daily passwords in the kitchen.
In countries of older civilization, where the mild climate favored grape-raising and hence wine-making, vinegar was most easily se-" cured by allowing a natural sour» ing process to wine, with resulting internationally common “wine vinegar.“ But in more northern countries, where neither grapes nor apples grew in abundance, vinegar was brewed from barley malt, or, from the malt of other cereals, and thus gave the cook a darker, more beer-flavored “malt vinegar/'
In America today cider vinegar made from cider or apple juice has become a standard household prod-
Special Work Boot
81 “no’
0%. WALLACE J. W. HOOCINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St .Catherine Street .West MONTREAL, QUE.
j Mrs. Robert Cameron Dies at Pontiac The Red Cross Needs your Contribution Community Hospital After Lengthy
Illness
By Williams
Full grain leather—welted
Oak tan sole, brown-fawn top
There ha* been no Rad Cross
Campaign since October, 1940, After an illness of over a year when some $5,000.003 was raised. **nd n half, which was borne most It is necessary for those who con patiently, Mrs, Robert Hill Cam-tribu ted in 1040 to at least double erou of Murrells section died at their contributions if the great the Pontiac Community Hospital, sum now needed, is to be raised. Friday evening, at the age of 58 Or we must have many move sub- years.
ember*.	_	She was born in the state of
It costs more than $5,000.000 a North Dakota U S. A., Ler maid-year alone to supply parcels of en name being. Agnes Fraser Knox, food and other necessities to daughter oi the late James M. prisoners'of-war as requested by Knox and Margaret Fraser, his the Canadian, British, Australian wife. At the age of 17 she came and New Zealand governments, to Campbell's Bay where sheg It is only through the Canadian until her marriage in the year 1007 Red Cross Society that any Can- to Robert Cameron. They then adian can render any aid to any CHnje to Clarendon, where they Canadian, British, Australian or jlftVe lived ever since in the Mur New Zealand prisoners of war any ^ relh section where.	vShe is survived by her husband.
The Society is the only medium two sons, John, of Verdun, and through which information regard- Donald, at home ; two daughters, ing missing men can be obtained	a. O. Stark, of Stark’s Corn
for nexc-of kin and other anxious er9 &ud Mrs. Howard Brown, of
relatives.	e	Oakville, Ont ; and two brothers.
The Society’s blood donor service R0y Knox of Hull and James Knox supplying blood serum for over 0f OmÊÊÊtttÊlÊÊÊlKÊÊKiÊlttÊÊÊ seas need, affords the only way in passing is that a week ago, while which Canadians who cannot go 9he was ill in the hospital, her overseas, may make good to tight- borne was destroyed by fire and ing men. some of the blood they practically nothing was saved, shed The Society has to be pre*. The funeral was held on Sunday pared to meet any war emergency afternoon from the home of her that may come to Canada at or daughter, Mrs. AT O. Stark, at from either coast.	Stark’s Corners, where a brief sei-
The Society serves the troops vice with the family was conduct overseas, in Britain and el*where : ed by Rev. A F. Pikes of Shaw the wounded, the sick, the bombed ville United Church. The funeral out civilians, and suffering human- cortege then made its way to ity anywhere its establishments Lower Litchfield United Church, operate.	. where a public service was held,
All of these sei vices are entirely conducted by Rev. T. P Shaver, free and voluntary. But Cana her pastor, of Campbell’s Bay. dians must furnish the funds that Interment was made in the par make them possible,	ish cemetery.
BELAIR 3?57
DR. H. K. NEILSON
$3.95
See this boot at ...,....
• •••• ,••••
• •
Eye, Ear, No«e and Throat SPECIALIST
ILD
I
" Greb Arch Boot
180 METCALFE STREET
OTTAWA, - ONT.
PHONE, 2-7961
We recommend this particular Arch Boot for
heavy-weight men Let us show you this boot at

lived
»
uct
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA, ONTARIO
$4.95
Identify New Stars
Comparison of photographs has brought out of hiding 24 faint little stars, now identified as members of the Pleiades constellation, Dr. Adrian Van Maanen of Mount Wilson observatory, California, announced recently.
Although the Greeks, whb named the constellation, called it the Seven Sisters after the legend of the seven Pleiades sisters and their mother, who escaped the pursuit of Orion by becoming stars, the group contains at least 211 known stars, the astronomer said liant, Alcyone, is about 1,000 times as bright as the sun and some of the newly added are 1,000 times as faint.
Dr. Van Maanen compared recent photographs of the Pleiades with plates taken 15 to 19 years ago and identified as Pleiadesians those stars which had changed position in the interval
»
See what we have
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists on ml (visual and muscular eye defects
T. T.' Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optmstrlst
at
ttawa. A sad feature of her
Reg. Optometrist
$3.95 and $5.00
$1.95	$2.95
Gordon T. Paul I N SU RANCE
The most bril
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations _
THE W. A. HODCINS STORE
Quebec
Shawville
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
###PAGE###2###
>

I This Curious World
¦y William Ferguson
Supply Of Wheat Larger Than Ever
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
RADIO REPORTER
DIALING WITH DAVE:

In Four Leading
Surplus Nations Biggest on Record



tm



i
NIF
Ni




RM



X>

LESSON 17
Wayside Conversations
13:22-35
GOLDEN TEXT.—
doth not bear his own cross,
after me, cannot be my

Av
Despite two successive short war crops and prospects that the 1942 production may be smaller yet, the world may have a larges supply of wheat this year than
ever before.
This ia because the surplus existing in the world’s four leadr ing exporting nations—-United States, Canada, Australia and Ar-gentina—is the largest on record.
Russia Excluded
The present prospects indicate a total 1942 crop for most of the world of around 3,950,000,000
bushels, or slightly leas than was harvested last year. This 1 igure compares with the record crop of
4.636.000.	000 produced in 1938. Russia and China are excluded from the world figures because adequate information has not been available.
The world—again exclusive of Russia and China—is expected to have a carryover of about 1,590,000,000 bushels of old wheat when the 1942 crop is harvested. Of this amount, only about 175,000,000 bushels were expected to be held by countries other than the United States, Canada, Australia and Argentii.a.
Famine Implied
Tho large stocks in the four exporting countries and small stocks in other countries . . . imply a serious bread situation in continental Europe.
United States ia expected to have a wheat supply of 1,426,000,000 bushels when this year’s crop is harvested. The carryover of old wheat is estimated at about
630.000.	000 bushels. This country normally uses about 675,000,000 bushels a year for fell pur-
I >7


Luke





'



beginning about
APRIL 16, MOUR.
WATCH-
WILL. RUN SLOWfX.
than "SUN TIME:
until, jume IS ;
*d THEN FASTER. UNTIL SEPT I. SLOWER AÛAH roo.v\ THEN UNTIL
*— DBT^MBER 25.

5%#, ^#3
5 M
Whosoever and





come
disciple. Luke 14:2 <.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
November, A.D. 29.




h

%
I
Time Place Perea.
Who Will Be Saved?
22. “And he went on his way through c ties and villages, teaching and
wttMÊÊ
and villages he had sent the seventy in a h snce and he was on the way through them prcachii g 23 (•)
him. Lord are they few that are
saved ?”
asked at this time we do know, but we do know that every believer in Jesus Christ


journeying on unto Jer-Through these towns


*4
• •

FROM THIS DATE UNTIL. APRIL. 16

now
hedgehogs
FOLD UP INTO A
as he went along.
44And one said unto
vv:

as-*arjrars.ïrtr'yï
Why this question was
and ROLJ- down
STEEP INCLINES.

will be
THE CIGAR 1 THE VIOLIN(T)! THE COMEDIAN!
«ESÜP
saved.
23 (b). And he said unto them, 24. Strhe to enter in by the narrow door; for many, 1 say unto you, shall seek to enter in, and shall not be able" Jesus does not answer the question asked because the answer is not that He desires man to have,

GtANT PEANUTS.
WITH KERNELS LARGER THAN -me ENTIRE SHELL OF PREVIOUSLY KNOWN VARIETIES, HAVE •EÇN DISCOVERED IN
BRAZIL/
*0/

Mr. Karloff’s Friday
at 8.80! the 13th of March fun-party at his Hollywood home, was one of the most original and eerie, yet staged by a member of the movie-radio colony!
Bellied The Program!
Indeed, ’tie very often the story behind the show that gives the
the Interest and enter-
one
but He does speak of the more important problem, raised by this very question, namely, are ourselves saved?.
'
program
talnment velue it ha». Even more often, the etiry behind the scenes, If known, enhances the pleasure has in listening to the program! Take for instance,, the Fred Allen Sunday night 9.00 o’clock shows : During the past few weeka, they’ve been scripted by Vick Knight, who also does the production on such famous ‘one •hot’ shows, as ‘The President’s March of Dimes’ broadcast, and international ‘Red Cross* Shows. Several weeks ago, the Army invited Vick to direct lie “Command Performance” short-waved shows for the An ri-Fighting Forces '^ËjÈÊÊM spare-time wasn't sufficient to this new assignment! The problem: Give up a $600.00 a week job as Fred Allen’s Scripter and take the Army work, full time, as a volunteer director at nothing per week !	That would
take some deciding, you’ll agree 1 But right now Vick Knight ia in Hollywood, directing bigger and better “Command Performance" shows!
cow. im Si nu sssvice. inc.
we
Bonus From B^ker
One of the shows a lot of Canadians thoroughly enjoy is the “Breakfast Club,” broadcast by a majority of CMC stations daily at 9.00 a m. Jack llaker, tenor of the show, recently sang a concert for convalescent soldiers and Bailors at the O’Reilly General Hospital in Springfield, Missouri. And here’s the bonus: Jack gave them, as a parting gift, a fine public-address system for the Hospital auditorium!
between the
îEüMllü
a quarter of an hour slow, or fast NEXT: How was
Britain Thorough In Matter of Fine»
Acting Too Late
25. “\\ hen once the master of the house is risen up, and hath shut to the door, and ye begin to stand without, and to knock at the door, saying, ‘Lord, open to us/ and He shall answer and eay to you, I know you not who
26. then shall ye begin
one

the date of K*>Ur decided upon!________________.
thousand pounds, which runs close to two hundred thousand dollars in our money, for exceeding its cosmetics sales quota under Britain’s wartime rationing laws, and was given three months to pay the fine.
By the time the company succeeds in paying that fine they will be looking back upon their profits and dividends as vanishing cream, a highly prised cosmetic in men’s lives, but something which the company will be very chary of disposing of in future.
ye are.
to say. We did eat and drink in thy presence, and thou didst teach in our streets.” In its application to ealation, this does not imply that there are any people in the world, whom Jesus does not know about, but there are great multitudes whom Jesus does not know
as His own. know these people because they have never come to him before. They did not accept salvation when it was offered, and now, the time being over for salvation, they have wo right to His hospitality.
poses.
The crop in Europe this year is expected to be about the same as last year’s below average harvest. Bad weather, lack of labor and military operations have hindered farming operations there.
internationally
The British people have often been accused by their American brothers and cousins of being slow, but no one yet has ever accused them of not being thorough, states the Huron Expositor.
And that goes *a well in the matter of fines for infractions of war restrictions.
Last week Woodlands Chemists, Ltd., of London, warn fined forty
Am 1150 Listening Tip or Twe
Vick’s
The excitement, the danger, the brilliant execution of a bombing flight over military objectives in Germany, is just one of the many spine-tingling episodes in the life of the boys of the R.C.A.F. on Active Duty, brilliantly recreated for radio in the story “Flying For Freedom,” heard from CROC, Wednesday
nights at 8.00 o'clock.
“Telequiz,” popular phone-quia feature, with special tune identification section for out-of-town listeners, is heard from 1150 on your d ! * ' s daily at 11.45 a.m. I Record of the week, Tommy Tucker’s “Tangerine,” featured in
? Fleet’s In!1
mass
cover
Australia Calls Up More Land Forces
The Lord does not
The Australian Government ordered that all Commonwealth land forces be brought up to full war strength by calling up additional personnel.
The order requires all unmarried men between the ages of II and 45, as well as married men from 18 to 35, to report immediately for military service.
Army Minister Francis Fords said the step was taken on recommendation of Gen. Sir Thomas Blarney, Commander of Allied land forces in Australia, and applied to men who were already listed for service but who would not have been called for some
Without A Saviour
STAR ACTRESS
27. “And he shaU say I tell you 1 know not whence ye are, depart from me, all ye workers of Iniquity.” Inasmuch as salvation 1» from Christ alone, when He he djos not know one, that that person is without a Inwardly the worker of
Bogey's Beck
Horror Men, Boris Karloff, master of the macabre, is now heard Sunday nights as guest on the Inner Sanctum Mysteries broadcast via the Blue Network, to s network of Canadian stations
Answer to Previous Pusxle 10 Pale brown.
11	Back.
12	She was a or actress
of humorous roles.
HORIZONTAL 1 Beloved actress
pictured here.
12	Juniper.
13	To thread.
14	Expert aviators.
16	Smelling badly.
17	Specie* of clams.
18	Street car.
10 Bull fighter.
21	Ecstasy.
22	Children.
23	To turn aside. 49 Golf clubs. 26 Tense.
29	Fury.
30	Fabled fish.
32	Female deer
33	To rub out
35	To fly.
36	Persia.
38 Back of neck.
41 Cavity.
45 Impolite.
48 Ratite birds.
PPiFJll
ŒK MrJPWPIHS as
MiîüQU alPTy|tiKn:4if
AH
law mwiiia anaa ha i4mm aanr-imu * narc
¦aan aaasa bhdi
Idl^HnidUld ¦ OÜHtinMC
•ays
means
m i
thn fii
Saviour.
iniquity ia separated from Jesus, and, at last, the outward relation will be adjusted to the inward, and departure from Him will be Inevitable and that ia ruin.
28. “There shall be the weeping and the gnashing of teeth, when ye shall see Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, and all the prophets, in the kingdom of God, and yourselves cast forth without.” Here is the fate of those barred out, presented with the greater intensity because contrasted with the lot of the blessed. It ia certain that the damned shall know fully of the joy# of the blessed, and worse still, that they, too but for themselves, might be in the midst of those joys.
OUR RADIO LOG

15 Smelting plants.
20 Kind of window.
24	To do wrong.
25	Beverage.
27	Bustle.
28	Kind of grass. 31 One who
honors.
34 Afternoon sleep.
3	To date again. 35 Narrow
4	Fungus disease.
5	Darlings.
CHAO Mealreal 730k I MK»HT WAV» UJKL Klrkaad L 600k I	& „a:mad IkSlam
CKCK Weterlee	1400k	tiily	Kaglmad	9.58a
CKCO Ottawa 1310k I <iSÜ Kaglaad 11.7*a* (KGB IT Ilia mala# 1470k	::**l#ad H
CKSO Sedkery	TOOk	I	Ea*lmad	15.14a
t KI I Draatferd 1380k I liSU Kaglmad 17.70am i'KLW Wladeer	800 U	<iS1.	Kaglead	l5Jla
CKNX Wlaghaai	I SOk	% * %	Eaglead	17JM1 ma
I S STATIONS	I 414 Spa|B 0
WKUH H affala iMOk ,cau	Spala	»
WHAM liar heeler 1180k I ,4 a*	Rummla	I
WLW tlarlamatl	700k	HNB	Husela	13
WOT Sckeaectady SlOk	|	UVM	llumela
KDKA IMltabarsh I «380k WHOM WBRN WOR WKI1W WJR
TORONTO STATIONS ÇFHH 800k. CHL 740k OKCL 680k. « B If 1010k U.S. NETWORKS
m

time.
WEAF N.U.I3. Red 600k
Intensive battle training for all units was ordered by Gen. Blarney, Mr. Forde said.
Ulee 770k ISHOk |7IOk STATIONS l4O0k
WJZ N.BC.
WABO WOR (1 CANADIAN CFOS Own §<
CROC flao&lltea 1160k
CHML
CKTB St. Calk. 12:10k
crop
CFCH Norik Bay 12310k CFCO CFPL
OJCS lira CFH< Klagmlea
CJIC Haul! * I*. M 1400k
(C.B.S.)
MBS.)
How War Affects Farm Auction Sale
Haaslltoa 000k
VERTICAL
50	God of war. 1 Evils.
51	Work of skill 2 Entrance.
52	Small memorial
53	Fish.
54	She was a
13.1 Mas
Montreal 600k

WC;i:A iirhelirv.uily
780k
•30k	. _
IftOk | Wt'AB I'klla. 15.27as 1.120 k WKUL lloston IM 700k WtTlX N. York ll.M3m
Ckleae#
Baffale
Baffale
llaffala
Detroit

Ckatkam 630 k
1570k fieri 1240k 1100k
It Puts Pep Into It, Says The
Woodstock Sentinel-Review
If you really want to know how the war is affecting Ontario, attend one of the farm auctions. Auctioneers say the attendance is away above the attendance before the war and prices appear to ignore any such thing as price ceilings. Good quality farm machinery is at a premium. Ancient binders dating from before the Great War, they say, find a ready market at prices more than half their original cost.
Buggies are scarce and bring from $20 to $25. Before the war, buggies, good enough for the purpose, could be had at auction for $3. Three horses sold for $160 each, auctioneer said, these horses would have brought only from $76 to $90. A binder, which had cut two crops, sold for $285. The market price of the machine today, including Federal Tax, is $326. Most surprising of all, a manure spreader, bought second hand two years ago for $45, sold for $115. A crosscut saw, costing $3.50 when new, sold for $5.25. Similarly, furniture brings prices which definitely pat it in the antique class.
37 Ablaze.
39	Oriental nun#
40	Innocent
famous star of 6 Corded fabric.	42 Sun.
7	At any time	43 To clip.
8	Antitoxins.	44 Spore
9	Opposed to	46 Hindustani.
47 Animal.


Lesson In Attack
For New Airmen
34. “O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, that killeth the prophets, and etoneth them that are sent unto her! how often would 1 have gathered thy children together, even hen gathereth her own brood under her wings, and ye would not! 35. Behold, your house is left unto you desolate: and I say unto you, ye shall not see me, until ye shall say, Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord.” One of the inexplicable features of divine love is that, iu spite of the infallible foreknowledge that all will be in vain, Its call and effort to save never ceases till the very end. When Jerusalem persistently refused to receive Christ as her Saviour and a Prophet come from God, then God could do nothing else but leave her to the fate which she was shaping for herself.
the
55 She became a popular star late in life former
New pilots with the Royal Canadian Air Force Spitfire Squad-got a lesson not long ago from a veteran English commanding officer when they took part in a sweep over the coast of Northern France with another Canadian fighter unit.
On the way across the channel a formation of Messerschmitta appeared far below and in the words of the commander: “Some of the more bloodthirsty Canadians wanted to dive and attack them”.
“I had to point out,” he added, “there was another larger German formation considerably above ui, waiting for us to do juat that so it could attack ua the moment we were involved in a scrap. The lads were disappointed, just the same”
The sweep was the Canadians' second job of the day which started with a patrol over a convoy moving along the British coast
Judgment Reversed
29. “And they shall come from the east and west, and from the north and south, and shall sit down in the kingdom of God. 30. And behold, there are last who shall be first, and there are first who shall be last.” Whatever be the number of those who are in the way of salvation, that which concerns us is that we should without delay secure a place among them.
31. “In that very hour there came certain Pharisees, saying to him, Get thee out, and go hence: for Herod would fain kill thee.” Jesus was in Perea, and therefore within the dominions of Herod. It is impossible to say whether the message was sent by Herod or was invented by the Pharisees.
Christ's Mission
5
10 II
6
I
ron
13
17
16
I
I


2
7 2 8
A year ago, the
»
30
I
m


% 135

6
I
5
0
4
47
Canada's production of crude petroleum and natural gasoline in 1941 totalled 10,123,532 barrels compared with 8,718,063 barrels in 1940 and 7,837,608 barrels in 1939.
I
55
32(a). “And he said unto them, Gk and say to that fox, Behold, I cast out demons and perform aures • to-day and to-morrow.” Here the fox is used as a symbol of craftiness. Jesus saw the inner heart of Herod and therefore when he described him as a fox, he spoke the word of righteousness and of truth. It was not an epithet; it was a character in a word.
32(b). “And the third day I
33. Nevertheless
I
11

By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Pop Takes the Wind Out of the Old Man
HE WENT ID YOUR FUNERAL LAST, WEEK !

I BELIEVE MY GRANDSON WORKS IN YOUR
offioe
-that's
RIGHT
YES!
I
i



perfected.
I must go on my way today and tomorrow and the day following: for it cannot be that a prophet perish out of Jerusalem.” did not resign hie functions, he did not decline to go on with hie work.
i
. •
v I 14
»
V

f


k

(fc
Christ
£
Cii
me.

/

/
He said, 1 work in the of God and for the good of mankind, and I must not be stopped. If we had more of that spirit we should all do more work hi the world.

rfc
name
0
W/A

t
H-l
t à
ri# * f


###PAGE###3###

INDIANS SING FOR LONDON CHILDREN
HOW CAN 1?


Q. How can I give a creamy appearance to chocolate froetiagt
A. Add a tablespoon of eem-•tarch or flour to each cup ef sugar used in the chocolate sake frosting, which will give it a creamy, smooth appearance; nor will it crumble when the cake is cut.
Q. How can I make a good supper dish that can be quickly prepared in an emergency?
A. Slice cold boiled ham thick enough so that it will not break apart
mustard on each piece and then place In it a tablespoon of baked
beana.
toothpicks, then bake for ten minutes in hot oven.
Q. How can I make the carpet sweeper more efficient?
A. When cleaning the carpet sweeper, remove the brush and after taking off all hair and lint, rub it well with a cloth wet In kerosene. Let the brush remain in the air until the odor has evaporated.
Q. How can I dry bed clothing if water has been spilled on it when attending someone who le ill?
A It can be very'quickly dried by slipping a hot water bag filled with very hot water between the mover# over the wet spot
Q. How can I make it easy to find the electric light switch at might?
A. Touch the electric light buttons with a little luminous paint, and they will easily be seen in the darkness.

4
•4

Jv
»
t*





• ;
I
•	4

£1
il»

*

HANDY POCKET POUCH - iW Vfc-LB. “LOK-TOP" CAN - 6W k ,/io peeked In pocket cent
"IT DOES TASTE GOOD IN A PIPE/"





4




I %
V





A

fWs
«
%


i




7s
z
GROWN IN SUNNY. SOUTHERN ONTARI
\*


It
;
m
handled. Spread
when
I
if
I


Glass Is Delivered Despite Nazi Subs
Wm
equal to one year in the life of
All the rate were fed a basal diet, but those receiving only half ration» lived longest. '1 lie reduced diet slowed down bodily activities. fewer white corpuscles in the blood stream, and the animals' hearts beat only three hundred times a minute instead of the four hundred beats of the well-fed

Roll and fasten with

a man.
M
£ iVv< *»d*.




¦
Two torpedoes failed to bar
i from Paul’s Episcopal


I
» i

m




blue glass from Brita:n reaching St.
Church, for a memorial window. The first ship carrying the glass torpedoed In the Atlantic, but vu beached and the < arge was saved. The glass was reloaded on a second vessel, which was torpedoed. The process waa repeated with a third, and the glaas waa delivered—the packing ease still wet and labelled “Great Britain Delivers the Goods.”

There were
, t

¦we—
t



At ¦« Ü-
k
Wi

/
rat.
Living more slowly, saving energy, they lived longer. The Methuselah of the laboratory wee an underfed rodent with a life span of 1,480 d»ya—proportionately 141 years for a man.

r ¦
<ÿ:*m


^ * -
vjt
1

Canada's High Commiaaioner In London.
To find if excess in one kind of food shortened life more than excess in other kinds, Dr. MeCay fed one group of middle-age rata excess sugar, another starch, a third whole-milk powder, and a fourth liver. All four over-fed groups lived approximately the same length of time. All died much sooner than they would have If they had eontinued short rations. Over eating, ao matter what, works against s long
£ MÛ
i
Staying at
ÏS
Have You Heard?
Need 20,000 Pupil»
For Ontario Farm»
Modern Etiquette

111
FORD
The email daughter sat watching her mother making up her face, no doubt wondering what it was all about. When it came to the time for the application of the lipstick the small girl could contain herself no longer.
“What do you put all that on face for, Mummie?” she
HOTELS
Twenty thousand Ontario secondary school students will b# needed to work on farms in the holiday season, A. McLaren, Kami Service Force Director, said recently.
Students from twelve years of age up are being registered for farm help, he said. Camps were being established for girls from sixteen to nineteen who will be paid a minimum of 22 Vi cents hour for farm work and in such areas as the Niagara Peninsula where piece work prevails the minimum must come up to this hourly rate.
Boys would be paid $20 for the first month they work if they inexperienced and $25 if they worked on farms last year. L the remainder of their employment, their salary will be settled between themselves and their employers, Mr. MacLaren said.
K—Modern tiquette
1. Is It proper to send gifts to the mother of a new-born baby?
f. Is k all right for an oversight guest to ask the hostess 1er an extra blanket?
I. Is k necessary to write anything on the card that accompanies a wedding gift?
4. What is a good thing to remember when playing bridge9 6. When entertaining a house guest and an invitation is re-eeived to some social affair, is It permitted to ssk the hostess for am Invitation for the guest?
6. Is k correct to eat frozen puddings with a fork or with a spoon?
•• ••
• •••
•••• ••

What Science Is Doing
Modem,
Montreal
Toronto
and the
9
life.
Dr. McCay eould find mo “lo svity foods”. Nor eould he find that a high protein diet shortened the span of life. He thoe sums up his findings: “Eat whet you ought to eat first; then eat
what you want to eat—but met
too much of it.”
Hungry people live longest—tf the are not too hungry, Edwin Teale writes in Popular Science
A diet that contains
ci few es
>|50
me kigh$r
per perse#
your asked.
“Mummie puts it on to make her look pretty,” came the reply.
“Then why doesn’t it?” asked the small girl innocently.
LORD
ELGIN
Monthly.MMlMBWWB|HBI
all essentials in reduced quantities is, next to long-lived anc tors, the greatest aid to longevity. This is the conclusion of sight years of pioneer experiments with more than 2,500 white rats by Dr. Clive M. McCay, working under a grant of the Rockefeller Foundation at Cornell Uni-
on
Ottawa
SOI MAF et POtMt,
And there warn the Indian rope trick performer who discharged from the navy be-
time he climbed
r,

warn
MOTUS CO Montreal
A
EVEN IF YOUR CORN IS AS TOUGH AS * . A TANK

m
cause every the rigging he disappeared.
••
f •
'
»
t-
••••
are
u
ANSWERS
1. Yes. Friends, as s rule aowadsys, send flowers to the other and perhaps some dainty apparel for the baby—such things a# a lace cap, a little sweater, or a pair of boots. This is not absolutely necessary, but It Is considered nice.
t. Yes. This should be done by all means if insufficient covering has been provided.
I. No. The card le sufficient, as good wishes and songratula-tions are offered at the reception
varsity.
White rats react to diet in the
as humans. Roughly
e raM- s?i"vN. M I
will knock it out, root end ell#
frr?
For
v.mw
A Hollywood actress was shredding a reputation at a night club. She stopped back-biting long enough to order a chicken sandwich and a glass of milk.
“Wouldn’t you,” asked a friend of the victim, “prefer the milk in a saucer?”
same manner ten days in the life of a rat le
Hi
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
FARYON GOES TO QUAKER OATS
ess
see
FARM mtll’MtiNT SPECIALS
CAMERAS WAITED
• e a toned troops?” asked the bright young thing on her first visit to an army camp. To which the new recruit replied: 4 Oh, they are mustered by the sergeant and peppered by the enemy.”
“What
II All Y CHICKS
DEMON-Rebuilt, Melotte % h.p. air-
WHILE THEY LAST atrating and Cream Separators.
•ooled, 1 Vfc h.p. Cub engines, Rebuilt Diesel Engine#, in sizes. |2, 86 and *8 h.p. New Melotte Cream Separators, Portable Milking Machines, Myers Water Systems, Coal and Wood Stoves, Washing Machines. Melotte, Magnet, and Premier Separator parts. Letz Mill & Grinder parts, carried In stock. Special for April and May while It lasts. Paint il. 76 per gallon f.o.b. Toronto, write me your requirements to-
Llster, Stewart Street,
CASH FOR
SIX BREEDS, CHICKS. CAPON* growing Pullets. Descriptive catalogue, Monkton Poultry Farm, Monkton
YOUR CAMERA
Let
If popular modern make, quote you on either etill or mo equipment.
J. C. WILLIAMS
6 Richmond Eat
X
, Ontario.
BABY CHICKS—8 TO 11 CENTS, 16 free chicks, our choice with every 1VU pullets or 100 Mixed chicks ordered In March, Goddard Chick Hatcheries, Britannia Heights. Ontario.
OpUci
Toronto

4. The words of one famous bridge authority; “Not everyone ean play a faultless game; but everyone Is certainly capable ef the highest degree ef etiquette and courtesy things go far towards making up far any lack of skill.”
I. Yee, provided the entertain-nt la general enough to make this acceptable to the hostess.
#. With a fork.


PHOTOGRAPHY


HIGHEST GRADE
PHOTO FINISHING. XOUR ROLL developed and printed with free enlargement 26c. Reprint» 10 for 26e. Established 36 years Brlght-llng Studio, Richmond Street East, Toronto.
Teacher: “Tommy, why is your composition on only half a page when 1 asked for two pages?”
Tommy: “Well, you see, I wrote about condensed milk,”
THE BEST CHICKS ARE NONE too good when buying now. Bray hem pullets and started chick» that should catch the good market» for you. You can't afford ehlcke. Tell us what you want, to overlook the»#. Order liar and when. Bray Hatchery, lie John N., Hamilton, Ont.

milk

nd these two
day. S. A Toronto.
5
iV7
HERBS WANTED
66$ WE ht X HUNDREDS UiFFKK-ent Herbs. Roots, Barks. Write Dominion Herb Distributors, 1426 Main. Montreal._________________
CL LTV ltL OF FLOWERS
312 PAGE BOOK, DETAILED 1N-form&tlon, 200 Illustration», many oolour plate». Bargain 11.26 postpaid. Write for cataloguée of general literature. Walkers Lib-Service, 660 Yonge Street,
MARTINDALE8 CANADIAN Approved Chicks from blood tested stock:	Barred Rocks,
The teacher waa explaining the meaning of thte word “recuperate” to young Tommy.
“When your father has been working hard all day, he is tired and worn out, isn’t he?”
“Yes, miss.”
“Then, when night comes and his work is over, what does he do?”
. “That’s what mother wants to know,” Tommy replied.
Barred rocks, White ks, New Hampshire», White borne. Light Sussex, and Hjr-
___, A post card brings our
Ider and price list. Order your May and June Chicks now from Martlndale's Farm Hatchery, Caledonia, Ontario.
• toe* Rock,
æ
foldei
LEGAL
J. N. LINDSAY, LAW OFFICE,
Itol Theatre Building, 8L Th Ontario, tfpeclal Department for farmers’ collections.
CAP-
rary Toronto.
Store Up Steam In Accumulators
REG. R. FARYON
Reg. R. Faryon, formerly president of Lord & Thomas of Canada Ltd., has been appointed vicepresident and general manager for Canada of Quaker Oats Company. Canadian-born, Mr. Faryon has had long agency association with the company. For the past two years he has been with the parent agency in Chicago as vicepresident.
ANGORA WOOL
OFFER IV INVENTOR*
AN OFFER TU EvERX IN VEN1UR List of inventions and full ,uformation sent free. The Ramsay Oc.. Registered, Patent Aitorue>b. 27s Bank Street. Ottawa, Canada.
'S «S
14 Chapter Illustrated Book. Hutch Plans, etc. |1.00, postpaid. Otto's Angora Ranch. Drawer •W, Colborne, Ont. (Established 1928.)
BABY CHICKS
BABY CHICKS, GOVERNMENT Approved White Leghorns and Barred Rocks, also sexed Pullets or Cockerels. Breeding sine# 1901. Bend for price list: Wright Farm, Brockville, Ontario.
British War Factories Have Saved Thousands of Tons of Fuel
PATENT*
FETHEKSTONHAUGll & COMPANY Patent Solictors Eetublisued 18 9 U ;	14 King West, Toronto.
Booklet of Information on request.

FREE CATALOGUE
FREE COLORED CATALOGUE OF Nursery Stock. Containing Fruit Trees, Roses, Shrubs. Evergreens, Vines. Lowest prices In Canada. Write today for your free copy. Brookdale-Kingsway Limited, Bowmanville, Ontario. ______
PLAN BIGGER PROFITS THIS
byy Tweddle quality The breeding back of
helps guar-
Thousands of tons of fuel have ved In Britain’s war fac-
Man: Whatcha cryin’ for? Boy: 1 lost my nickel. Man: Where?
Boy: In Virginia.
Man: How come?
Boy: She swallowed it.
be#
lories by storing steam in accumulators during sir raids. Although factories do not shut down merely getting the “alert,” they have to do so when the roof spotters Signal that the raiders are overhead.
But instead of the boilers blow-off their steam Into the air when work stops, the steam is gen-tad Into the accumulators and Stored, to be used when the raiders
chicks.
each Twiddle chick antes big profits for you. Investigate before you buy when yott purchase your supply of chicks you depend upon them to eggs and plenty of eggs. You depend on Tweddle chicks to do this Job. They are all hatch-from large eggs and from
roved blood-purebreeds, I hybrid crosses and four breeds or turkeys to choose from. Free catalogue. Tweddle Chick Hatch-Limited
PAPER HALYAGE
REMEMBER! LETTERS WITH stamps on before 1870 aie valuable. Write R. G. Purdy, 310 Glen Manor Drive, Toronto, for free appraisal.
Norway’s Clergymen Tender Resignations
i»y
FEATHERS WANTED
dan
NEW AND USED GOOSE, DUCK, also feather mattresses. Highest prices paid. Send particulars to Queen City Feather Company. 28 Baldwin Street, Toronto. ____________
&
PLANT BARGAIN
BIGGEST PLANT BARGAIN! 2b
Ap>?
vemment tested breeders
different perennials and bulbs, 4 shrubs:	tree; evergreen, all
81.26 prepaid. Two orders $2.00. Dollar Nurseries, Fonthill, Ont.
All clergymen in Norway have handed in their resignations to the Ministry for Church and Education in Premier Vidkunrs Quis-respondent of the newspaper Tid-ling’s government, the Oslo cor-ningen said.
A long message was read on Easter Sunday in every Norwegian church giving reasons for the mass resignations, the story added.
I
â
Fit LIT FARM FOR SALK
11 ACHES OF FRUIT IN A,LL bearing. Good buildings, modern
No. 8 Highway, Reg. Merritt, Box 117, Grimsby.
, Fergus, Ontario.
ertes
OLI> RIGS IIEW NIVEN NEW
RUGS. .NEW RUGS MADE F RUM old. Dominion Rug Weaving Coin, pany, 864 Queen St. W., Toronto. Write for booklet.

CHICKS
U
ORPINGTON'S
Purpose Bird, ten cents, Cockerels, five cents. April, May delivery only! Hurry! Marshall’*, 1100 Yonge. Toronto.___________
IMPORTED
conveniences,
¦
More than a thousand of these
yv
RAW Fl R* WANTED ?
accumulators have now been installed In Iron and steel works, sugar refineries, breweries, dairies, dye works and laundries. All act on the same principle—the Storage of energy during off-peak-load periods, and the calling Into action of this steam when production requires it.
In one sugar refinery the installation of a steam accumulator raised production by 12 per cent, add lowered coal consumption by about T par cent In a dairy the ttane taken to produce condensed milk was reduced by 20 to 26 per t, while In a brewery 16 per sent of the coal was saved. Out-pat In a laundry was Increased 'by 1# per cent after tr stalling an torn u la tor, and the boiler efflci-cy of a dyeworks was Improved an If to 74 per cent Britain has the largest st accumulators In the world, their steel shells being 14 feet t inches 2s diameter by 82 feet long and
FOR SALE
MINK. FUX. MUSKRAT. WEASEL R&Ubit, Skunk. Ship Gouda l‘ur-
eel Fuat.
Payment by return mail, em
Phillips Square.
368 St. Paul West. Montreal
MUSKUKA LAKE WATER FRONT in Town, for male. Four a^ree, •mall trees, Spring creek etc. Asa Baker, Gravenhurst.___________
*11
Highest Priced Paid l
Ueier-
C a ii in (I i a ii Bank Commerce,
Abe Get mgei.
BARRER SHOP

BARBER SHOP IN VILLAGE FOR rent, no opposition. For further particular* apply G. P. Prouse, Little Britain

VAS SAVER
The clergy recently has been bi conflict with the Nazi-controlled Quisling regime over youth control and other matters.
l|r> MORE MILEAGE! CARS! Trucks ! Tractors! Airmail for quick Information! Agents, yes! Aeronautic Meter, Box 163, \ unco uver, Can.
STALLION
ST A ULION Border# *• 2nd markings, five years. Broken to
harm > -
for black I vi < h< mu stallion. Albert E. White, Route 2, North-wood, UntarU*
SCOTTISH 284HI, black white
C L Y I) P
BAKERY EQUIPMENT
BAKERS' OVENS AND MACHINery, also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms ut ranged. Correspondence Invited. Hubbard Portibl.t Oven Co., 101 Bathurst #L, Toronto.	______
Will sell or exchange
llAIKHKKSeiNU eVUOOL
Relieves MONTHIV
i
I
The PAIN of
LEARN liA1KDRESSING 1*HE KUB-erlson metliod. information on request regarding classes. Robertson s Hairdressing Academy, 137 Avenue Road, Toronto.
ItIIEl MATH PAINS
FEME MIN
RHEUMATISM
DYEING A CLEANING
IT S IMPORTANT — EVERY SL F-fercr of It! cumatic Pains or Neuritis *hout 1 try Dixon s Remedy. M unro’s Diug Store, 336 Elgin. Ottawa. Postpaid $ 1.00
Mats you anything needs
dyeing or cleaningT Write us for Information. V/e are glad to questions. Parker's ks Limited. Department Yonge Street. Toronto.
Relieved
Women who suffer pain of Irregular periods with cranky nervousness • due to monthly functional dlsturb-enees should find Lydia *• P|nk-
¦KmiHHi
MEDICAL


FOR STOMACH TROUBLES, beurtburn, acidity, nausea, ulcers, furred white tongue, upset stomach from wrong eating, use El Ik's “No. 2" prescription of eminent Stomach specialist, 55c 22.U0. liltk's Medicine Co WN Saskatoon.
riloToi.lt/.i'll \
FOR QUALITY SERVICE
Oars — used and new
, $1.00. Dept.
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS Ltd., Toronto’s oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers; three locations, SIX ML Pleasant Road 2040 Yonge Mt end 1650 Danforth Avenue. Our Used Cars make us many friends. Write for our Free Booklet on pedigreed renewed and analysed used care.

AND SATISFACTION THY IMPERIAL
4 or 8 exposure films, developed and printed, ui 8 reprints. 26c. Money ia!tindcd if not satisfied
IMPERIAL PHOTO * KH V # 1 R
Sial lu» J. Tviunto.

GOOD ADVICE! EVERY St;FFLIter of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis i-h.tuid try Dixons Rt.udy Mu mom Drug .Stole. 33v Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $i,VU.
ISSUE 17—’42

weighing approximately POO tons.


###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY
Dress up for Spring
At Fraser’s
Your Boys’ and Men's Wear Shop
April noth 1942
Shawville
YOUR SCRAP RUBBER
Bristol School Commissi
April 13th, 1942.
Bristol School Commissioners met on
('hairman Woods
Zi now a vital wax matexial
above date, present and a full board of Commissioners.
The minutes of last meeting were read and on motion of Comm Glenn and
Walsh were adopted.
A petition was presented from the ratepayers of part of No. 9 district asking that their school be kept open next term.
Motion by Comm. Graham that the following bills be approved and paid. Moyer School Supplies Ltd....
The Montreal Star, ad. for
teachers ................
The Sherbrooke Record Co. ad.
for teachers.............
The Montreal Book Hoorn ...
H 1. Smith, School supplies..
William Orr, labor at No. 8. .
Mrs J. E. Lucas, labor at No 8 Thos. Telford, work and supplies No. 4...................
Mrs. Mm. Miller, work at No 5
Leslie Dale, work at No. 5----
Wni. H. Beattie, work at No, 7 Mrs. H Sharpe, woik No 10
H. Eulford supplies..........
Milton Henderson, wood No. 5 John Duff, wood, to No. 2 and No. 6.........................
Men’s Raincoats
Be prepared for the rainy days. Fine repelant tweeds, trench coats fine gabardines,
Spring- Suits
Enemy action in the Far East has caused such an acute shortage of rubber that our whole war effort is in serious danger. Canada and her Allies must have rubber, quickly, for the armed forces, for factories, for ships. The Japanese control our source of crude rubber imports—the only other quickly available supply is old scrap rubber, which can be reclaimed. Every citizen in Canada must do his part in collecting all the scrap rubber in the country and turning it over to the Government for war purposes. Here is how to do it.
Better grade Men’s tine tweed suits—all the newest shades of blue, green and grey, stout models Your choice still of one and two trousers, single and double-breasted.
Short and’
$ i 15
$5."	$25."
THIS IS IS URGENT APPEAL FOR TOUR HELP
l 76
Question : What kind of scrap rubber is needed?
Answers Every all-rubber or part-rubber article must be salvaged. Here arc a few of the articles you must turn in:
Old Tires of every kind Old Inner Tubes
Questions Is the rubber situation really serious?
Answer: The shortage of rubber is so grave that any citizen hoarding rubber or using it unnecessarily is committing an act of disloyalty. It is now illegal to destroy any rubber article.
Question: Of what use is reclaimed rubber?
Answer I Old rubber is processed so that the rubber content is reclaimed. This reclaimed rubber is used tA the manufacture of essential articles for our war effort, thus replacing crude rubber.
Question % How much scrap rubber is needed?
Answer ; Fifty Million Pounds. This is m large quantity, but it MUST be found. Every old piece of rubber in Canada, no matter how small, is needed, QUICKLY.
Question * Should I turn in any usable rubber articles as well as worn out ones ?
Answer i Absolutely not ! discard anything that is still useful and that might have to be replaced. On the other hand, rubber tires used as boat bumper*., swings, etc., should be turned in for war uses.
4 14
38 28 4 30
Boys’ Hats
' Just like Dads "
$1.66
$22i5o	$27.60
5 AO
Rubbers Overshoes
Rubber Boots, Hats, Coats, Aprons, Pants, Gloves, Tubing, Matting, Toys Sport Shoes (crepe scies are especially good) Garden Hose Hot Water Bottles Stair Treads Bathing Caps and many other articles
Question : What happens to the scrap rubber collected?
Answeri The scrap Is sorted, baled and assembled into carload lots and is then purchased by the Government at fixed prices throughout Canada. The Government pays forwarding transportation charges on these carload lots, and is responsible for their allocation. You may be that every pound will be used directly or indirectly in the war effort.
Question: How do I go about saving scrap rubber?
5 00
$35.oo
G 82
5 00
11 00 6 10
5	00
6	15
34 65
Htj ?
Men's Spring and Summer Breeches
Fine Twill and Bedford Cords
#2.50
84 00
Motion by Comm. Stewart that the Sec-Treas. advetize for teachers in the
Huntington Gleaner.
A petition was presented from 4 parents in No. 6 district.
Motion by Comm. Beattie that Rev. Mr. McOibbon be appointed deputy
examiner for No. 9 exams.
Motion by Comm. W.ilsh that the application of Miss Maude A. Hauver be accepted tor No. 1 School and the application of Miss Mabel E. Nourse for No. G School.
Motion by Comm. Stewart that we do not hold our regular meeting in May.
On motion of Comm. Beattie fhe meeting adjourned.
Great value at

# • • • •
sure
Answer I Start hunting for it TODAY. Clean out your cellars, attics, garages and sheds right You will find more rubber articles than you expect. Start them all on their way to the bat tie front ¦¦¦!¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
By no means
, ,	(j/oUtind and
'fiaboraa&nenj nr men and ijot/s
away
HOW DO I TURN IN MY SCRAP RUBBER?
1.	Give it to the children for their school collection.
2.	Give it to your local National Salvage Committee.
3.	Leave it with any Service Station or Tire Dealer where you see the sign; “Voluntary Scrap Rubber Receiving Depot.”
4.	Sell it to a junk collector.
The school boys and girls of Canada are being organized, through the school authorities, to act as Official Collectors of Scrap Rubber. The school nearest you is, therefore, your best Collection Depot.
You may dispose of your scrap rubber in any one of the following four ways:
When you father up your scrap rubber and dispose of it by one of these
methods, it will be used by the Government for Canada a War Effort. Do it NOW.
N,R.Horner's old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE
H. I. SMITH,
Secret ary-Treasu»*er

Wartime Prices and Trade Board Notes
Careful housewives who do their own canning and preserving and thus help to
metal and glass for essential war industries came into their own when S. R Xoele, Sugar Administrator, i Wartime Prices and Trade Board, announced easement of sugar rationing for j int making and pr^ww jng.
• In addition to the amount of sugar allowed for ordinary purposes pur chases of sugar for putting up jellies and jam from fruit are allowed on the basis of one pound of sugar for every two pounds of fruit to be canned or preserv ed at home in light syrup. For jam or elly sugar may be bought in the ration of three parts of sugar to four parts of fruit or juice.
Burlap, for civilian use, is now restricted to bags for agricultural products salt, chemicals, wool, fish meal and the packing of beef, bacon and frozen fish for export overseas.
PulpwoOd contracts made in the Province of Quebec must be submitted to the Timber Administrator, Wartime Prices and Trade Board, in order to be valid
January it has Veen found that many contracts are not being sent in.
The order applies to farmers or other persons offering to sell pnlpwood qs well as the large corporations. It reads, in part, ‘The terms of every agreement orarommitnient for the sale, supply or delivery of pulpwood of spruce, balsam, jack pine or poplar, either in the form of pulpwood or logs .. must be sub milted to the Timber Administrator and approved by him approval contracts arc not valid and
binding.
To cover waste in potato storage from sprouting, rotting and shrinkage the Wartime Prices and Trade Board has announced an adjustment in the price ceiling to peimit a maximum increase of five cents per bushel in April, 10 cents per bushel in May. 15 cents per bushel in June. Only these three months are covered by the order.
This constitutes a recognition of a seasonal price movement without removing the ceiling established by the Board on March 7th.
Although many announcements have been made of the scope of the restrictions laid upon the purchase of new automobile tires offices of the Wartime Prices and Trade Board report that many dealers are puzzled as to what to
Dealers have been asking if they may «ell new tires to tourists from the United States, undertakers, clergymen, bailiffs, blacksmiths, highway engineers, threshing machine operators and a host of other “special classifications.”
In most cases the answer is “No.” Complete information on rubber tires, rubber products- in fact, all regulations is available at the nearest office ot the Wartime Prices and Trade Board or from the Aid red Building at Montreal.
Department of Munitions and Supply
ROYAL BANK BUILDING, TORONTO
conserve
DALE’S TINSHOP
SCRAP RUBBER DIVISION
This advertisement is issued in co-operation with The National Salvage Campaign, Department of National War Services
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
FARM FOR SALE
I PUBLIC NOTICE
BEATTY PUMPS
of all types
Farm in the Township of Clarendon IN TilK MATTER OF THE EsTATK OT THE ^	!’ ^ “ ^ ,li" bttiUfillfS
vince of Ontario, spinster.
NOTICE is hereby given that rhea L A Row IK, spinster, of City of Ottawa,
Province of Ontario ; LILLIAN la rose, spinster, of the said City of Ottawa ;
RODOLPHE LAR'SE, Lieutenant Colonel.
of the Town of Cornwall, Province of Ontario, and IDA,Larose, of the City of Kingston, Pit vince of Ontario, wife
jsui.-sjt.TOB
mmm wssst eet^
real ; and from Mr. J. A. Drolet, Archi- Superior Court of the Province of &	« nch in flavor as well
Coal dealers' licence numbers must be |orties known as Lots II—9,	11 — 10
given when tendering.	and 1 l — l l in Range !, of the Town*,	Mineral Losses
The Deptrtment reserves the right to *.bip of Bristol, with lht buildings and,	lnsses of minerals in ore-
deposit in the form of a certified cheque and all persons pretending to have' any hl hin- Don’t soak vegetables
stfîsstï iS-Ast ssa^ts stüi EJFâsHrHd- %
the Minuter of Public Work», *qual to present their claim» at the said time and jj|^. Long-cooking methods will
«° crût rr	**
Canada or of the Canadian Nation»	JOHN’ A. AYLEN, ! ones The mineral losses are de-
JSS3ÆMW :=	A.torn.y	| g-*
to prthcipsl and interest > u . _ . '	-  	ers. The greatest mineral losses
dZd'f da ‘certified' cheqTJf PUBIJC NOTICE	mo7J lïë/ZeV^grtatï Se
required to make up an odd amount	loss; as much as 10 to 40 per cent is
s&sas.	ss? ¦..™.	- ,-üfnr r.vssas «sa!
in her lifetime of the are boiled.
Tenders For Coal And Coke
Fur terms and conditions apply to
II C. ROW A l\ Shaw ville, Quebe c.
Federal Bldgs—Province of Quebec Sealed tenders addressed to the undersigned and endorsed, “Tender for Coal, Province of Quebec , will he received until 3 00 p. m, (v. i>. a. t), Wednesday, May 13, 1942, for the supply of coal and coke for the Dominion Buildings in the Province of Quebec, Except Montreal,
Order now — present stock
cannot be replaced
. Good Coffee
Making a cup of good coffee is really an art, but a simple art in which anyone can become profl-
Since fhis order was made last
P.Q
r5^JgJ5/Siraf3MEJSJSJ
CERTIFIED CHICKS
SHAWVILLE CO-OPERATIVE HATCHERY
Without this
ORLA YOUNG, Manager
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Phone 98
All flocks are blood-tested and under Quebec Government Inspection
( Standard Method )
Eggs must weigh at least two ounces
Our chicks are issued from vigorous birds
of standard size and selected for egg production.
!
as
do
By order,
J. M. Somerville,
BREEDS
FABLANE,
Village of Bryson, in the County of Pontiac.	,	.
t h 1*bove^estat^requested T'file j The Pilgrims discovered Üie Indi the same within fifteen days withr one *n secret of placing two fish and
H5=^ HipsS1
plant foods were added to the soil, crops thrived and there was food for the long New Cugland winter.
The use of this crude fertilizer marked the beginning of the American fertilizer industry. Today, millions of tons of low-cost, high-grade fertilizers protect America's abun-! dant production of food, fodder and
provide every American
I
Secretary
Barred-Ply mouth Rook
White Leghorn
> Chicks will be available on the following dates <
$12 00 per ICO 12 00 "
11 00 Ve M 10 00 M
Fer White Leghorns $1.00 less per 100 than above prices
Department of Public works Ottawa, April 24. 1942.

March April :
May .
June :
July ; 3, 7, 10
27, 31 ...................................
3, 7, 10. 14, 17, 21, 24,	28 ..
t,	5,	8,	12,	15,	10,	22,	28,	29,
2,	5,	9,	12,	16,	19,	23,	20,	30,
Teachers Wanted
Protestant Teachers holding Element ary Diploma for Masham Schools Nos. I to 3, for term 1942-43 duties to commence September 1 please state salary expected
JOS. NESBITT.
Secretary Treasurer Masham School Corporation Rupert Que.
Thk Capital Trust Colpobatiof 10 Metcalfe Street, Ottawa, Ont.
or

De. H. T. Hubdma* Bryson, Que.
Applicants Apply to
WANTED
or
Owing to war conditions we may re ¦niresome female workers in our plant |e are therefore open to lactive appli cations from willing workers.
SHAWVILLE CREAMERY
H. C Row at, N. P Shawville, Que.
R. O, P. Cockerels used in Breeding Pens
Started Ohicks for Sale
%
6ber*PHPpi^
with extra reason for thanksgiving
»
»
?

aw .«•»*"» warns*.'**',
###PAGE###5###


I
Cbuidtfot, c/o-t&ü Luriffi ijopfiiphaieHf 0k\ checun. j
IwniM
Ike Upper Ottawa
Company, Limited
Look Here

For Sale, Want*, Found
Lott, etc.
If you are feeding young chickens this Spring, why not give them every chance possible by feeding *
Tariff for Soaeom 1942
Per low
On Stw!og« 17 feet end under Ft. B.M
FOU RALE -* CotkahuU Seed tower, 13 disc, U inch cut, alru >st new will be hold reasonable. Apply to DaNIKL
Drum mom», Weirstead Que.
Cts
10
Through Quinze Boom .......
••	Opemican Bourn ....
41	Dee Joachims Boom.
41	Fort William Boom,
Culbute Boom.....
*• Melons Chen ail Boom a mu Passing Lapasse Boom .	.
• fi ! Through Quio Boom..........
“ Thomson Bay Boom .,	17
44 C'handiere Assorting
Boom...............
•* Booms from Head Ded-chcnes Rapids (North Side) to Head Hull Slide 75 44 Boom at Outlet of Hull Slide ..................
Boom Working Rate*
51
IDEAL BRAND
05

50
50
WANTED—A middle aged woman to do light house work and be companion for aged couple Apply in person to Mrs. A. S. Smart, Main Street, Shawville.
15
: V
10
I
25
We have a complete stock of
. 20
I
I
Ul Æ
î
i
?
FOU S.X LE— Pure-bred Holstein bull calf, eligible for registration. Apply to Dwight Thompsoh, R. 3, Sbaw-ville, phone 7 23.
13
Chick Starter Chick Grower Chick Scratch

T?


$1.00
FOR SALE—Certified Green Moun tain Potatoes. Apply to J. R. McDowell, Phone 11-12

Hen Scatch

Per 1000
On Sawlogs 17 feet and under Ft. R.M.
WANTED—Maid for general house Apply at 50 Craig Street,
Laying Mash
Cts
work Ottawa, Ontario
YOU WOULD BE PERFECTLY
w‘ *™ w
Pig Starter Hog Grower
15
Through Quinze Boom.......
14 Upemican Boom ....
11 Des Joachims Boom..
. 44 Fort William Boom,.
44 Culbute Boom........
Melons Chenail Boom 4 Reid Island Boom, including sweeping in Calumet Chenail.. .
14 Chenaux Boom.......
“ Quio Boom............
•* Thomson Bay Boom 14 Chaudière Assorting
Boom ..............
44 Booms from Head Des- f cbenes Rapids (North Side) to Head Hull Slide .
Towing and Operating Rate*
80
FOH SALE—One new white porcelain range, 24 inch file box. Apply to Clifford Con b, Phone 36, Shaw ville.
80
80
. 50
Hog Fattener
1ft
Of coaim, you wouldn't operate	This is only one outstanding feature
your separator in the best room of	of the Renfrew Separator. Other»
the house. This is just to impress you	include the low supply tank, ease of
with the abeolute cleanliness of a	operation, close shimming and
Renfrew. Ho splashing of oil—no	highest quality and performance it
greasy, insanitary, fly-attracting mix-	a reasonable price,
tme of oil and milk, making a mess	You can buy your Renfrew from tho
of both machine and floor. The oil
WANTED—Pasture sufficient for about 20 head of cattle. Apply to Nor val Wilson, R, 3, Sbawviile, Phone 7
16 and 18 per cent. Dairy Ration
Bran
70
50
11
50
60
Middling, Short,
Mill Provender
FOR SALE—A quantity of early red clover seed. Government tested, No. 1. Apply to W. 8. Hanna, R. 1, Sbawviile, Phone 15-21.
45
resentative in your neighborhood. Renfrew goes in at the top and re	He ia responsible to you and we
main, inside until it is time to	stand behind him and all the Ren-
frew products he sells.
necessary to the operation of a
$1.00
WANTED—To trade International
in-throw disc,Nor an out-throw disc,
„	,™, also have good No. 21 M. H. plough for
r i j	i Mli. Apply to Norval Wilson, R. 3,
On Sawlogs 17 feet and under it. L.M. |Sbawviile. Phone 7 11.
From
White River, Quinze And Oiler
Creek to Opemiean.......
Montreal River to Opemiean .
Kippewa River to Ojwmican .
McLaren Bay to Opemican ...
Head Long Sault to De» Joachim» 3 00 Jocko Creek to Deb Joachims..
Snake Creek to De» Joachim».
Mattawato De» Joachim»------
Klocks to Des Joachims . ....
Mugriissippi to Des Joachims.
Head Rocher Captai ne te Des
Joachim»..............
Dumoine River to Des Joachim»
Towing Rates
change ii
RANGES • HEATERS • WASH-RITES • TRUCK-SCALES • INCUBATORS
Crist Mill Service
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED RENFREW OUT.
SUSSEX N.B.
REGINA SASH.
ST. JOHNS P. Q.
FOR SALK-Four-year-old gelding
65, mmmÊmÊÊmÊÊmfmmmmmm
1 15 veight 1500. Apply to Percy Ballan .93 TYNE, Maryland, phone 8 22.
dis-
Our Grinder-Hammer Mill is at your posai 6 days of the week and will continue operation throughout Summer months.
Several good used Separators to clear
at reasonable prices
17
| FOU SA LE—A good general purpose 2 55 horse, rising five year» old. Apply to
2 25 I Rev. R. J. Robertson Sbawviile.
1 80 l 50
LEO R. KEON
in
DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE
McKee - Quebec
FOR SALE—One coal brooder ; one Incubator; refrigerator, two cream separators ; level spring-tooth harrow. Apply to Hollis Barber R. 3 Sbawviile, phone 7-21.
1 35
Seeds! Seeds !
118
38
ALFALFA, Nos. 1 and 2 EARLY RED CLOVER TIMOTHY and ALSIKE
VICTORY OATS
Any other variety can be supplied on
two days notice
CERTIFIED GREEN MOUNTAIN
SEED POTATOES
FOR SALE—A chestnut driving mare, young and sound, will exchange for cattle. Apply to Kenneth Smiley. R. 1 Sbawviile. phone 15-30.
Per 1000
On Sawlogs 17 feet and under Ft. EM.
Cts
For Beautiful
Cemetery Memorials
05 FOR SALE — McLaughlin steel-tired buggy, in fair condition. Apply to 9C Wilber Chapman, R. 1 Sbawviile. 60 phone 10 4L
Towing around Opemiean Boom.
From Dea Joachims to Fort
William .................
44 Schyan to Fort William ....
*4 Fort William to Pembroke..
" Petcwawa to Culbute . ...
41 Petewawa to Pembroke.*•...
41 Melons Chenail Boom to
Lapasse................
14 Chenaux Boom to Braeside 33 44 Chenaux Boom to Am prior
or Chats Rapids.........
44 Quin Boom to Mohr Island Boom to Aylmer or Des
chenes Rapids.............
44 Quio Boom to Mohr Island
Boom .....................
The Rates on timber other than Sawlogs 17 feet and under on the foregoing stretches will be :
BANNER OATS
50
37J
FOR SALE—A quantity of well cleaned Banner seed oats ment tested, No. 1 T. Cuthbrrtson Sbawviile
Write or phone
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
50
Govern Apply to Jas
30
FOR SALE— Dapple grey horset 7 years old, weight 2700 ; one heavy Belgian hoise, 2 years old, dark bay ; l waggon and 1 McLaughlin Buggy. Apply to Joseph Dumas, Maryland.
50
A Few Grocery Specials
50
Phone, 278
03
BRAY CHICKS
25c
P. & G, Soap. 6 bars...........
Oxydol and Rinso, large, each..
Robin Hood Rolled Oat?, ü pounds Aylmer Tomatoes, large tin, 2 for
Bulk Peanut Butter, per pound..
Pork and Beans. 3 for
. 26c
# # *
Red and White Pine. Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, fquare or waney board, per 1,000 cubic feet, 15 Sawlog Rates.
Red and White l ine. Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or Hatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet, per 1,000 ft. B.M.. H Sawlog Rates.
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet, B M , 1$ Sawlog Rates.
Cords of wood. Shingle bolts, and other lumber, per cord of 128 cubic feet, 2 Sawlog Rites.
Oik, E m. Poplar or other hardwoods, 1} Sawlog Rates.
Towing per hour where there is no specified rate per 1,000 Ft. B. M
— Steamers —	,
ESTABLISHED 1883
29c
.. 25c
• • •
COACH
INVALID
15c
29c
•••••••
••••••
GEO. HYNES & SON
Why bother with money orders and letter-writing? Place your Bray Chick oidji through the undersigned. Personal attentinn-piompt delivery- and the ivu&l Bruy high uality.
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
V^Shawville Cue.
JOHN MacCREDIE
Quebec
Phone 80
Maryland
NOTICE
JHIJÛDCIOr	" 11 " ^
$15 00 11 00
Alexandra and Lady Minto
Hiram Robinson....’......
Pembroke................
Wabis and Pollux .......
Beaver, Alert and Castor . G B. Pat tee II and Mink
Muskrat..................
Samson, Hercules and Jean Macnaiuara ..............
I have just received notice from the Gilson Manufacturing Company that they can supply me with a few of the lower pr i ce I gasoline washers as low as $121.50. Order early as the ripply i* limited
Worley's Service Station
IMPERIAL
0 00 7 00
0 00
Arriving' Shortly
5 00
4 00
CLIFFORD CONE Sh iwville, Que,
Oars of
QUAKER FEEDS, OATS, WHEAT and BARLEY
Special price cff the car Phone your order early
hr ne 36
3 50
3 00
Seal
2 00
Ella
PURPLE GASOLINE
for
Short Stretch Towing to be charged by the hour when deemed advisable.
Sfal % C. WOOLSEY,
, 3	* Ï Secretary
Wilson’s Garage
Tli» Same Reliable Service
Tenders Wanted
Dodge and De Goto Sales and Service
Tractors
Washing Machines
and
Stationary Engines
Complete line of Seed Grains In stock
Tenders will "be received by the undersigned for the position of Secretary for the Stark's Corners Cheese Factory, until May 1st, 1942. Lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.
ORVAL SMART,
President
Ford Service
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
Shell Sealed Cat & O le
J. P0 Wilson
Main Street Sbawviile Quebec
PLone40
Telephone 126 SHAWVILLE
Procurable without ration cards
FOR SALE
One slightly used 13 inch D D Custom Grain Grinder,, complete btgger. Price reasonably ^ ^ A pply to
i '	* ; f	Otter Lake, Que.
ICK
*

###PAGE###6###
V
;
a


DESTROYER
RATING
WHO SAID WE WOODEN HAVE B1KEST
VOICE
or TNI
PRESS
ALL BUM “BETTE* I
I WAY” HAS IEEI SB 1. WAY FOR A LORO TIME ¦ :
•
••Better Way” to correct the came ' If you are troubled by constipât*» due to lack of the right kind of ¦ . ‘bulk’ in your diet ? But remember,1 ALL-BRAN doesn’t work like harsh cathartics. It takes time. Uat it regularly and drink plenty of water.
Get ALL-BRAN at your grocer^ks two convenient sise packa^Jr ask for the individual package at restaurants. Mad» wy Kellogg's in London, Canada.

A*




. g

fi
br Wm. Hewari Pug.Uy



è

WORK WITH FEAR OF DEVIL
H would bo an excellent thing M every Canadian were to set d place hi a prominent position In hie home er office Mr. Gordon’s declaration that total will remain for most of ae empty platitude “until we are seised with the sense of terrible urgency, until we all go to work with the fear of the devil himself driving us forward; until ready to sacrifice la i ef a true understanding ghm all tbs selfish advant-ef class, position and prop-Untll that time, until we
Our destroyer sendee » proud Alp's company.
They have a right to be proud. ? year ago • torpedo ripped into the forward part of the ship's hull, blowing away the bow, but her crow kept the ship afloat and brought her safely into port where the damage could be repaired.
Then she went back to her •envoy job.
Recently, this same destroyer run Into a hurricane while homeward bound. Battered and leaking, her boats smashed and her life-rafts gone, short of provisions and fuel, and her crew exhausted, she still came through and steamed smartly Into her base
U





i

has long been a favorite In our home. Mother used to serve it to us when
muffins three or four times a week and serving ALL-BRAN as • break-


>



¦


fm
for pills or powders. ALL-BRAN keeps us regular .. • naturally.
Why don't you try ALL-BRAN^
-


r V
THE WAR - WEEK — Commentary on Current bvenU j
British Mission To India Fails Nazi Demands Reinstate Laval |
strengthened by the British loee of two battle cruisers and a& air-carrier off India’s h*e_
arty.
sad the other democracies who etiil in the fight do that, we fK.li neither deserve nor achieve the victory that we so confidently must be ours."


K

s


ï


sc


port.
Not a man had been lost overboard In the storm, nor even anyone seriously injured.
How many of our O.D/e (ordinary seamen) newly come to the ship and for whom this had been their first introduction to the real * meaning of life at sea, how many of them longed for a draft on shore after this experience T Not
1
Montreal
I

Indian leaders rejected Great Britain's plan for self-rule and cooperation In the war effort. The plan brought from England by Sir Stafford Crlpps met its defeat on the question of India's defence. Great Britain contended that this responsibility should rest in experienced British hands: the all-Indian Congress leaders held that the responsibility was India's.
United Against Invaders
H la considered that, although Hr Stafford Grippe' mission to India has failed In Its main objective, He work has not been wasted. The discussions which were held drew together the various units of India, and their leaders expressed determination to resist "to the death" the invasion that appeared Imminent Volunteers rushed to Join the armed services and work la Indian munition plants and Alpbuilding yards was speeded
Even Mohandas Gandhi, archPacifist, pledged himself to complete passive resistance against the Japanese and said^pHHpl my followers will refuse any help, even water, for the Japanese even M K should cost us our lives."
Importance of India
Great Britain may make a new declaration of Indian policy soon la the hope of getting India fully aroused to the danger of the Jap-
For the United Nations the loss of India would mean the collapse of their defenses throughout the Far East; for Japan a land road would he opened to a possible Juncture with Qennany In the Middle East.
India is, vital to the United Nations:	(1) as a barrier to the
westward march of the Japanese, and (1) as a growing source of supplies and vast manpower. Without India the war may well be prolonged for years.
Epic of Bataan
The whole world of free men will Join in paying tribute to the lflcent stand made by American and Filipino troops In the Philippine Islands. They have written a chapter of stubborn heroism that will never be forgotten.
The delaying action in the Philippine* has been of the ut-moet importance to the Allies and may have altered the whole course of the Pacific War. It has kept a large force of Japanese assault troops tied up which might have been used for striking -at Australia before the defenses there were ready.
But the fall of Bataan means that now the enemy will be able to divert a large body of troops to the Battle of Burma and to the projected attack on India. The Japanese position is thus materially improved and Is further

BRITONS AT WORK Almost half of Great Britain's 41,000,000 people are either in As armed forces or working on munitions; her war production equals that of Germany ; her ction ef new naval tonnage is four times that ef predays? she la building msr-ekant Alps at the rate of 1,100,-#00 tons a year, and the Royal ik Force now exceeds Germany’s both In also and quality. John Bull is sweating, but he I# far from exhausted.
A <
t
craft
Coast.
F
Lsvsl Reinstated The sudden dramatic shift that
brings Pierrl Laval back Into pow-“Chief of the Government
¦.-x-
/
ühmP'

mm
IPH

er as
of France”, can only mean, accord Ing to the New York Times, that Hitler Is through with hhlfway
and ready to tika per

»
Two Los Angeles youngsters demonstrate a bicycle built of wood to meet the shortage of hikes. Three metal bolts hold the vehicle together and It rune em three ef reclaimed rubber.
The complement of a destroyer to about three times that ef a aorvette or minesweeper. We serried eight officers and one hundred and sixty-six ratings.
Most of the O.D.’e were new fte our ship. During the shore refit, many of the old crew, now mated A.B.’e (able-bodied seamen) had been drafted off, some to leaven with their experience the we of new ships just commissioning, others to take courses to qualify for higher specialist matings.
As replacements, a flock of “Jeeps”» ordinary seamen who had just finished their shore trimming, aboard.
All of these lads were young, keen, willing, enthusiastic, hardworking and ready for anything. Never, even under the most try-tog circumstances iHHpkHH there were many—were they anything but cheerful.
The “fore lower" is where you begin your life at sea In a destroyer. As it Is so far for' d and a# far down in the hull, the motion ef the ship is very pronoun-
Because this location is so un-"de luxe", k is reserved for the least important of all ratings,
When you’ve done your nine months, (including the faur month* seatime), and can professionally In the things a seaman must know, you too will ha ratad “A.B.", and graduate to the more spacious upper deck.
When I first went on board, t too, was aligned to the “fore tower", being an ordinary seaman.
The first ten days after I joined the ship were spent in harbor. During this period we worked about the ship in the morning and afternoons, and were allowed ashore two or three nights out of four, depending on how the watches were being run. We turned out each morning at 6.30, lashed and stowed hammocks, sat down to breakfast at seven, and fell in for work at eight. ,
All the seamen ratings, that is those who worked principally on the upper deck, then mustered in the waist of the ship, along the port and starboard sides.
The “Buffer"00g#g#g whose official status was that of Boa’n’s Mate—mounted the walkway over the torpedo tubes, called us to attention and reported us all present to the First Lieutenant, who then gave the Buffer any special instructions he might have regarding work he wanted done.
Make no mistake, they could always find something for you to do, and when you had done it you were supposed to come back and ask for more. Otherwise you were liable to be “run in" on a charge of “skulking", that is, not working.
Other ships, then on convoy assignments, freguently did a month or more at sea, broken only by a day on one side refuelling and at most three to four days in port at the other
measures pu tonal command. Pétain rémains
as “Chief of State” but thete earn not be much doubt that be now becomes a figurehead. Laval Is a traitor to France and Is Hitler's creature and his accession (0 power is the opening signal for Hitler’s Spring offensive.
Hitler Is about to make a su-i effort to win the war In all-out drive for victory, and tor that drive he must have all the power he can muster among the conquered nations of Europe. He evidently expects to get from Laval that aid which Petaln had refused to give.
N DIVIDUAL#!
rmy IH
Hamilton Spectator
>
t ,V ..
LAMENT
“A spirit of defeatism has swept ever part of the eountry razor blade rationing bobbed up among the restrictions that are being applied or projected. Men who since the start ef the war have been fancying themselves as the backbone ef the nation are succumbing to a of mental depression, and already are mumbling some brave nothings through their anticipated whiskers.”
AtANktUWICE
A IRWIN .

preme
an
A Weekly Column About This and That in The Canadian Army
quaintance with the problems of »' part time militis. In peace time that is a heart-breaking job —it will be simpler now that authority has been given to equip the Reserve Army with modern
equipment and
Well, when Col. Ralston got hack to Ottawa recently and announced the formation of groups of “Rangers” on the Pacific Coast he rather changed the complexion ef this eolumn. Or, perhaps it would be more truthful to say that ha set this columnist's think-hex working in a new and less eireumacribed channel.
T%# Individual Citizen’s Army today Isn't all uniformed in khaki. It eonaists of—or should consist of—all of us.
A y
up
had been drafted
Game With France Ended
Hitler's long and cruel game of cat-and-mouse with France 1s end-For nearly two years—with Intrigue, bribery, cajolery, displays of German military power—Hitler has sought to win over the people of France. In that effort he hse failed and failed so utterly that in order* to achieve his will in FranceIhe has put into power a renegado Frenchman who is hated and despised by his own countrymen. The proof is clear that France has rejected Hitler.
“I and
guns, weapons, training facilities.
You know the classes who are eligible? Let’s repeat them. Men between 35 and 50, men between 17 and 19 who will thus be able to fit themselves for active service before they reach service age and men who are not subject to conscription by reason of their occupations or for other legitimate reasons.
Before this column gets too long let’s look briefly at the expansion of the Individual Citizen's Army. This is an army now in which abstention from buying another pair of shoes if half-soles will do is the equivalent of a clip of machine-gun bullets. It is an
all belong to and in
ed.
Windsor Star
of which
ONE RAY OF HOPE
Am aviation expert says that meHher side in this conflict can belli warships as fast as avia-Mon ean destroy them from the skies. Looks as If the day of the great navies is gone. The en-eouraging part of it is that no eountry in the world ean build planes as fast as the United States
e menace.
HP	last Christmas His
Majesty, King George, said, are ail in the front line.”
e, I’m afraid, most of us
ago
“We
At
. I
that ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
thought of that statement as being applied to the citizens of Great Britain, plaeently, too, we laid the flattering unction to our souls that the King also included our little pur-ahma* of War Savings Certificates and Victory Bonds as our front Mb# contribution.
Today there are many branches of the Individual Citizen’s Army lm which all of us may serve in way or another: men, women and Alldren; old soldiers, young soldiers, men who are exempt military service.
I don’t like that term, “exempt military service." Not one ef us is, or can be, exempt. So, ier the purpose of this column let’s translate the phrase to mean, “exempt from legal compulsion to
--	99
41m
u. S. Attitude
It. will become necessary nuw
for the government of the United States to consider whether It will still attempt to maintain relations with Petaln's successor or whether It will break off those relations. Much Is at stake. Not only Is the statue of the French fleet and French bases uncertain, but there would be deep concern if France should turn over Madagascar to the Japanese and permit the use of her colonial bases by Axis submarines.
when It gets going.
—Chatham News
Somewhat com-
the O.D.’s.
LAUNDRY LANGUAGE
“They say Chinese laundrymen i the West coast, north and south, have adopted a scorched shift policy towards their Jap-
customers.”
-Woodstock Sentinel-Review
army we which we can all fight
It is an army that truns us all to do all we can for the defence of our country or for attack on the Axis.
It is an army in which the physical training necessitated by doffing an elastic girdle will result in a stronger race ef women who will be ready for any tasks war may impose as well as the eonservation of rubber for war
COMPLICATIONS Any Incursion of Japs in India would merely eomplicate the casts system, as a place would have to he found below tho untouchables fee the unspeakable*.
—Stratford Beacon-Herald
French Control Gone
With Hitlers new agent In power It becomes impossible to believe that any part of continental France will remain under the effective control of French author-ltles. No one can be better aware of this than the great masses of the French people, the Times says.
Through two long years of bitter misery and immense danger they have rejected Hitler’s advances, only to have Hitler’s creature forced upon them In the end. That they hope passionately for Hitler’s destruction we may be sure. That we shall fight until we have achieved his destruction they may be certain.
SPRING TIPS
Labeling the garden helps you to remember what it le that isn’t
purposes.
Not very romantic? War hasn't been romantic since the days of knights in armour knew the truth it probably wasn't very romantic then.
To follow the biblical injunction that, “the last shall be first," let's look at the opportunities for service offering themselves to old soldiers, young soldiers and the legally exempt. For them the Reserve Army offers the ideal opportunity to serve in two ways— as a soldier preparing himself for home defence if that should become necessary, and, you heard what Prime Minister King said on the radio,—as a producing •itixen continuing his ordinary
and if we
—Ottawa Citizen
In The Garden
By GORDON L. SMITH
Solve» Gas Problem
Bill Pinch, Hardgravel Mountain farmer, has a solution to gasoline rationing. It's his four-year-old steer, “Bossy," which he hitches to an old-time buggy for the five-mile trip to town.
When someone commented on the slowness of the rig, Bill replied, “ Bossy' just acts sedate in town. You should see him on the way home, miles an hour."
Big Vegetable Garden
A good big vegetable garden is toth patriotic and commonsense to wartime. Provided he is will-tog to devote all his spare time to it, one person can handle a quarter acre of vegetable garden and grow more than enough vegetables to keep a family the year iwund. But a quarter of an Is a big garden.
As a matter of fact, all experienced gardeners advocate a ¦all, well cultivated plot in pref-e to one larger and receiv-_	If the original dig-
ging Is followed promptly and regularly with from two to four thorough cultivations, about a week to ten days apart, the weeds wfll get discouraged.
Leave Wet Soil Alone
Nothing is to be gained from working soil before it is ready, to toct with heavy ground, ae-
U garden authorities, too | ly digging is about the worst peeaibie tiling one can do. Not euly is it a messy job, in the (tost place, but the sticky clay to quite likely to bake later into hard lumps, suitable perhaps for temporary building material, but not for growing flowers and vegetables.
One should curb the natural Impulse to be out digging in early Spring and writ until the surface water has completely disappeared sad one can walk and work in the garden without getting the shoes muddy. When the soil reaches this stage it is fit to work, and" not
Good garden soil in the right working condition crumbles and breaks into fine, tiny pieces; it does not pack into lumps.
petty officer
current throughout Canada and will depict Canada’s war effort and the contribution being made by this country to the cause of the United Nations," Hon. W. P. Mulock, Postmaster-General, said.
The new stamps are expected to be available sometime in July but Post Office officials meantime ask that philatelists refrain from sending in requests for them.
Details of the designs will be announced shortly, officials said.
Some of the stamps, it is understood, will bear new portraits of King George, in uniform. 0» others will be pictures Illustrative of various phases of Canada's pari in the war.
side while waiting for another convoy. Sometimes they didn’t get more than a day at either end of the trip—and only a few hours shore leave.
If you were unlucky enough to be duty that night, you just didn’t get ashore at all—somebody had to stay and each must take his turn.
No need to go into detail about this—it has all been in the daily papers recently—but there ia no doubt that once the new set-up gets well under way the men who Jump at the opportunity of spending 46 evenings, 10 week-ends and 16 days (in camp) learning lb# ways of a modern army will have an interesting and useful spare time occupation that will stand them in good stead if it has te become a full time job.
“Sam” Browne, usually known in print as Major-General B. W. Brawns, D.S.O., M.C., has been
He does a good five
Nazi» To Conscript Greeks For Service
All males in Greece between the ages of 16 and 60 are liable to compulsory military or other service for the German authorities, an Exchange Telegraph said in a dispatch from the British island of Cyprus in the Eastern Mediterranean.
Canada To Issue War Time Stamps
care.
Canada will soon have an entirely new set of postage stamps illustrating her part in the war.
"These stamps are in necessary replacement of those at present
named commander of the Reserve Army and he has had a long ac-
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—A Bad Break


m
TWATÎÎ HIM/
HEi SOME/

I THERE # A MAN UP
1 THE STREET WITH I A MOTORCYCLE AN*
1 he mars to know
F TOU CAN FIX MIS J BRAKE# RIÇMT Atf/W f
HIM TO COME IN/
TELL

Q

n
,®o ^ o

O
?
MUTER f





z
A
s
?

?
i
rawi
?
rm.

»
zr/s



a
un

r
m


» f
before.

. «3

m

r


13
>, A ¦> >











FF*
###PAGE###7###

THATS ATS
LIU looked out la the traffjt. Jerry and Ruth. Just whet she
hsd planned. Now that she saw H, it made her perfectly furious.
She didn't count any more. She was out of Jerry’s life. And he had turned right away to another woman. He hadn’t meant what he had said about caring. He wasn’t hurt, even If he
be. Hurt!
4Zo* the Modgut a4oiieM
Lost appttiiei sre foend, and »lt*w
mpiing
At your Grocei*e—
In fhif economical 2mpound package
d-upt wh

k
served ! TW. beceuMi Chrietie’e |ke
had pretended to |
Loved her! Jerry hadn't known anything about love, really, MS a love like hers and Ken s.
“Let’s get a taxi and go on to Ken's hotel," Lita sug-
“I don’t feel
most people mors of the thing» they like in a cracker — tempting Haver, tender flakiness, dependable freshness. Serve Christie’s Premium Soda Crackers with soups, salads, spreads-they’re always sure to please.

r
SJ
gested abruptly, like looking for new clothes.
t
ft

k t
if*
M!
t i vs
il
:
I	A
tl'M
# SERIAL STORY
liliSW
All at
They hailed a taxi, g ¦ once she had to see Ken, to be reassured that she was doing the right thing. Last night she had been certain, with his kiss against her lips, but now she wasn't: She wanted him to tell her again that this was the only thing to She had to see him.
The taxi stopped, | started to pay the driver, she | ^ a couple coming toward the hotel entrance. It was Ken and one of the most striking girls she had ever seen. A slim, straight, dark
who walked with the haughty assurance of a queen. Her suit was black, with a fur thrown about her shoulders. An arrogant black hat with a bright red feather was perched on her head. Both the strange girl and Ken were laughing, entirely oblivious of the passing crowd. Lite ¦ Ken had not noticed
her, waiting under the hotel

Christie's
PREMIUM
Rs
à

ANOTHER MAN'S WIFE


BY DONNA ASHWORTH

Women buglers of Britain's ATS (Auxiliary Territorial Service) parade through Hyde Park, London.
Britain Training
Glider Regiment
coat though the sky was clear and the sun made the morning bright The windows were filled with advance Spring clothes and bizarre hats. She looked at her reflection in the windows as she passed—slim and straight, s jaunty fur hat that matched her coat at just exactly the right angle. #
As she walked along she was thinking of Jerry, the pset; then brought herself up with a start She mustn’t look back. She must look forward.
Lit*
LAST WEEK—At last
makes her decision. L Jerry. He tries to show her that she is just infatuated, that she will ge tover loving Ken, but she to believe him. When it d, Jerry promises, she will call far him and he’ll come, net because he wants to, but because he leves her. Jerry leaves, C__ calls. Uta tells him she is going
LtTA MEETS A RIVAL
CHAPTER V
Uta walked down Fifth Avenue that January morning. It hardly seemed possible that eight weeks could change life so completely, that the apartment In which she and Jerry had lived and had been eo happy could be occupied by someone else, that Jerry could have another dancing partner, that she could have gone to Reno, and was now quite free.
She walked briskly, wind whipped through her fur
She tells
do.
As she
saw
own
ref
Turn into mould that has bee» rinsed with cold water. Chill um- , til firm, then unmould and serve with sweetened cream, whipped or
TABLE TALKS
A War Office announcement March 24 on formation of an Army Air Corps gave Britons a hint that their military lead-have carefully laid plane for streamlined offensive against the Axis.	| M |
This newest unit in the nation’s striking force, which one day will be used to sweep the enemy from occupied territory, includes a regiment of glider pilots whose existence was disclosed in the announcement which said all air-borne troops are being brought under one command.
British glider troops have not been in action yet, but for some time have been in training. They are not to be confused witii parachute troops which have been used twice—once in Italy and aga'n recently when the radio location station was destroyed at Bruneval, France.
Together, glider troops and parachute loops will make a team hard to stop, observers predicted.
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Requests
Ken
woman
new
j-iHin,
•il
For a Coffee Bavarian fold ia 1 cup heavy cream, whipped, instead of the egg whites. In this additional coffee may re-
to
action
I	have had requests accumulating for quite some weeks; therefore we will make this week’s column a request number, and hope that all of you will be able to use some of the recipes.
Apricot Bavarian Cre 1% tablespoons gelatine % cup cold water 1 cup boiling apricot juice % cup sugar
Few grains salt % cup finely cut drained apricot pulp
1 teaspoon lemon juice z 1 cup heavy cream *4 cup drained canned crushed pineapple
% cup slivered browned almonds Soften the gelatine in cold water; add boiling apricot juice, salt and sugar; stir until sugar and gelatine are dissolved. Strain. Set aside to cool. Chill with occasional stirring until as thick as strained honey.
Prepare the apricot pulp; add lemon juice and pineapple., When 'gelatine mixture begins to set beat with an egg beater until frothy, then fold in prepared fruit, nuts and stiffly beaten
case
place lemon juice, and Vfc teaspoon vanilla may be added.
Brown Sugar Cookie»
2	cups brown sugar
1	cup melted shortening
3	eggs
% cup milk 1 tablespoon vanilla 1 teaspoon soda
Flour to mix stiff Mix ingredients in order given. Add just enough flour to roB. (Sift soda with flour). Cut into shapes as desired. Sprinkle with brown sugar and bake in moder-
$
Sally Green was going to Farmington with her and pretend to be her aunt, because Ken had insisted she must have a chap-He had come up from
was sure
canopy.
erone.
Farmington to help select the furniture for the house Lita was going to rent, way to meet Sally now. were to see about a new dress for Lita, then go by Ken’s hotel. Ken had a business engagement which would keep him busy all morning, and in the afternoon they would begin shopping for furniture.
•*\ thought I’d come to meet you.”
“Oh, Sally," Lita caught the hand of the plump, middle-aged who came up to her. “You
They stopped by a grey coupe parked at the curb. Ken opened the door for the girl. They talked a moment, girl had started the engine. Suddenly Ken pulled the door open and, leaning in, kissed the girl, then slammed the door and stood the walk, smiling, as the car
cased into the traffic.
Lita paid the taximan and turned toward the hotel.
“What’s the matter, darling?" Sally was looking at her curiously. “You look as if you’ve seen
She was on her
They
Ken smiled. The
A cold
on
ate oven.
<r/
Mine Chumberi welcome-» letters from Interested resders. She le pleased to receive •«* pest lean os topics for fcer column, and Is reedy to listen to your upH peeves.” Bequests for recipes om special menus are In order.¦ Afé~ year letters to * Miss Sadie B. Cfc hers, 73 West Adelaide Street, rente.” Send stamped eelf-nddrei envelope If you wish a reply.
wm
woman
certainly do look the part of my maiden aunt, with grey hair, dignified glasses, your motherly way. It’s a good thing you can play character parts.”
“Yes, Lita.”
Sally’s disapproval, you all I can. begin calling you Ann now, because I might forget.
# $ *
R A F. French Raid Major Tank Battle
a ghost.”
“Nothing,” she tried to laugh, “except that the man who just kissed the girl in the car goodbye was Ken.”
“Ken!” She moved toward
Z
The Air Ministry News Service said that the raids by British and Canadian bombers on the Renault and Matford motor works in France were the equivalent to destruction in battle of the entire equipment of five armored and mechanized divisions.
“In effect one of the major tank battles of the war has been won by thé R.A.F. in about six hours at a cost of four bombers and 26 men,” the service added. It declared this was “of immediate and paramount importance to the Allied armies on both the Russian and Libyan fronts.”
The two factories were producing 70 motor trucks daily as well as many tanks and other vehicles for the Germans, production was stopped, the service said, much of it for at least some for the duration of because irreplaceable
Oil Taking Toll
Of Wild Birds
She could feel , “I’ll help I guess I’d better
him.
1.
“Oh Lita—Ann ” He said the two words at once as he hurried toward her. kept you waitihg.”
“No, we only came a moment ago. And I’m dreadfully curious. I suppose the young lady was the ‘business engagement’ you had this morning.” Her voice was
cool.
PAY
Oil from tankers and other craft sunk in naval warfare in the Atlantic is taking its toll of North American bird life.
Observers along the coast report that increasing numbers of waterfowl and sea birds are being washed ashore dead or in dying
condition. vessels or submarines comes to the surface and floats for days in calm patches or slicks, often extending over wide areas.
The birds alight on the oil-calmed water and once their plumages become saturated with oil they are unable to fly and have to drift helplessly until cold or starvation brings death.
Eleven hundred feet under the city of Detroit is a 160-acre salt mine.
Pile lightly in dessert
cream.	_
glasses or turn into wet moulds and chill until firm. Serve from dessert glasses or unmould on dessert plates.
"I hope I haven’t
LESS
Calumet is priced surprisingly low, probably less than the baking powder you are using.
“You know I don’t approve of this wild escapade, of your getting a divorce from Jerry, or your	going	down to this	crazy
little	town	and	pretending	that
you arc an entirely different sort of person from what wou really
are.”
“Now, Sally, please! Please! You’ve gone over that a dozen times	already. 1	know you	don’t
of	me,	but you	love
Coffee Sponge
1	tablespoon granulated gelatine
% cup cold water
2	tablespoons lemon juice % cup sugar
% teaspoon salt 2 egg whites 1% cups strong boiled coffee Soak gelatine in cold water and dissolve in hot coffee, add sugar,
salt and lemon juice.
dissolves. Strain ; then chill
now
The oil from sunken
“Who was she?”
. “Haven’t I told you about her,
Honey?	m/ÊÊÊ^ÊÊÊÊÊl
stairs—a girl I used to be engaged to.”
2.
8
That was Janet Car-
USE

LESS
Calumet’s double-action means double leavening—during mixing and in the oven-permitting you to use
(Continued Next Week)
approve
me, and that's enough. Ken has everything planned perfectly. It can’t possibly go wrong. It’s a new adventure. And you’ll adore
This
Stir until
DUET IN 1, 2, 3, 4 TIME
sugar H with occasional stirring until the
mixture begins to thicken. Boil
Add egg whites,
A m y
a year,
the war wKfEÊÊÊEKBÊEÊ
machine tools were destroyed.
Ken.”	j ,
“I’ve heard that before, darl-
I won’t adore Ken, I don’t like him. He’s a ladies’ flattering line < and he falls for every new face, know his type exactly. They're always rich, too rich for their good, and they always paint
the‘right pictures.
“But he’s taking another man’s He’s a thief. 1 have no
But I’ll put up
frothy. BpMBipBEPBp
beat until stiff and continue beating until very
3.
ing.
well combined.
BETTER
RESULTS
Calumet’s continuous leavening means finer, better textured results for all your baking.
even man with a
GOOD EATING NEWS
Yield: 6 to 8 servings.
I
Dutch Still Fight
Japanese In Java
o
% m
Tastiest
14

TO
1
own
Two forces of considerable size still are battling the Japanese in Java, Lieutenant-Governor - Gen- I * eral Hubertus Van Mook of the Netherlands East Indies told Gen. I Douglas MacArthur.	I
The forces, under command of Generals Schilling and Pressman, well supplied with food and I munitions and should keep Japa- I nese forces occupied for some time, Van Mook said.
The Netherlands official conferred at length with MacArthur on I the role which the Indies are ex- I pected to play henceforth in the war in the Pacific.	I
r.
»
i
V
wife.
use for him. with him, because you’re in love
with him.”
“That’s fine.”
v .
LTV/

Lito squeezed “And now back to
MAT INCL.
Cut choco-
her arin. EEEEEEREEE
Jerry. Have you seen him since
I’ve been gone? Have you talked to him? How is he doing?! “He’s getting along,” said Sally they walked along. “He has been giving Ruth Eustace a ter- I Rj I wouldn’t be surprised if he married her.”
The words left Lita cold. When she had thought about Jerry’s remarriage herself, that had been I one thing; but for other people to think about it was something else. She didn’t like the idea.
It couldn’t be that she was deal- |
0» ni s.
are
%
•v
1
or B
as
ev
rific rush.
HELP CANADA KEEP FIT
BAKING
POWDER






/o
¦

142
Mfl
ËP!
Briton Invents
“Shipwreck Suit”
A “shipwreck suit” is the latest British invention for saving seamen’s lives.
It is made of a bright yellow rubberized material in two parts —combined trousers and overshoes and a hood and coat. The coat slee ps are long enough to . cover the hands, ard slits in the trouser legs allow the limbs to be taken out easily for massage. The hood is used as a carrier xor the complete outfit, which weighs S lbs., 6 o*s. It is to be worn in lifeboats or on rafts and its bright yellow color shows up the shipwrecked to rescue ships and aircraft.
The inventor is Thomas Metcalfe, O.B.E., who is administrative principal in charge of the lifesaving appliances of the Ministry of Transport. The electÀ light fitting now used for 1 saving waistcoats was also Sfe. Metcalfe’s idea: the light is clipped to the collar strap, and the watertight, battery, lasting for 10 | hours, is kept in a pocket

DOUBLE-ACT INC,
3494
A

SIZES 1,2,6
X
She has everything
“Yes.
beauty, wealth, social position. Any man would be crazy who didn’t marry her if he could,” continued v Sally. = “And everybody knows she is crazy about
Jerry.”
“1 guess you’re right” felt suddenly tired. “r can't do anything for six months. He insisted the decree would not be final for six months before 1 could get my divorce.” “Maybe he thought you would
change your mind.”
3*	!P* Jr •
5K
^	WINArWAR

& 4

My
i
Every man on Canada’s iKa "Factory Front'* needs the ^ kind of nourishment and food- \
found in whole wheat L	a..
55 $Hr >$c0
ready cooked, ready to eat. re-	VfcQ
taining the wheat germ, bran «
and minerals that nature puts
into nnmUlod whole wheat
For a breakfast treat include
two of these tasty, golden-
brown biscuits, with milk.
THE CANADIAN SNREDD60 WHEAT COMPANY, LTD.
Liu
V

But he
For Pre-School Tots
%
energy

By Leelae Leona*
sa
wheat
For th* kiddie who’s learning ta dress herself, clothes that button down the front are plenty helpful. This beruffled frock and ita companion coat both feature
the front-closing.
Style No. 3494 is designed for sises 1, 2, 3 and 4 years. Size 2, 1% yards of 35-inch fabrlBMjg dress; U4 yards 64-inch fabric
for coat and hat.
Send twenty cents for pattern to Room 421, 73 Adelaide j St West, Toronto. Write your name, address and style number, sure to state size you wish.
m

Ok


“No.” ' Lita shook her head. “1 think he thought it would irritate Ken, knowing that he couldn't marry me, even if '> wanted to. Jerry acted as « he hated Ken, but I can't imagine Jerry really bating any boo.7.”
“I'm afraid you don’t know jeny.” Sally halted abruptly. “There he is in his new car. Isn’t
Ruth 'Mmmm

Wk
NABISCO
SHREDDED WHEAT
I
Be
ISSUE 17—42
it a beauty ?
with him.”
b
###PAGE###8###
.1
I

'
T£*CH o
Service , Announcements
g"

X


Under the War Measures Act CREAM CANS ARE CONTROLLED
ù
Sunday, May 3rd
Shawvii.lb United Church U F Fort kb BA, B.Ü. PAitor
Service *t Shhwvillo
vO
o

o
r
*
Rk\
11.00 h. m
Recelât ion and Commuai,m service.
Service at Z ion.
BECAUSE OF METAL SHORTAGE a Cream Can famine exists. As u war measure the Government has passed a drastic law providing that :
l. —All creamery-owned cans not in current use must lie promptly returned to (lie owners, regnidles» of condition.
2 — Nothing bat milk or cream shall be put into cream
3.	—Cream must not be delivered to tiny cieimery in
belonging to another Creamery.
4.	—Any piodneer«owned can must be promptly returned to
the owner by the Creamery.
5.	— All cans must be clearly identified.
1 ;$o p. in
1,00 p m — Service at Stark a Corners 7.30 p. ni.—Service at Shawville
S
Subject
Third sermon on “Almost sixty talks to over sixteen. ”
M,
cans.
Bristol United Church
Lay Minister :—Mr. Leslie Dean U.OOa. m.—Service at Sl Andrews 10.00 t in.
?.30 p. m. — Service at Knox. K00 p. ni.

a can
t '
m
t
\
N >

Sunday School

I
t
Service ai Austin

K
ANGLICAN
Rev. K. V. Holton. BA.. LTh. • St. Paul's
Sunday School—10.00 a. in. Holy Communion 11 00 a. m.
Evening Prayer—7.30 p. m.
Holy Trinity
Sunday School—2 30 a. in.
Evening Prayer—3.00 p. m,
St. Li kes
Holy Communion--9 00 a. m
North Clarendon Parish Rev. P, It Stote. in charge
Charteris—
Holy Communion— 10.30 Thorne Centre—
Sunday School—2.00 Evening Prayer—2 30 v. in. Greermount. Friday May lit. Evening Prayer—7.30 p. m.
Bristol Memorial Church
Presbyterian
Kev. Wallace MacKinnon. B. A. Communion service—11.00 a. m
i

a tine up to $00 for first
(i —Penalty for infractions :
offence and up to $100 for subsequent offences with provision for imprisonment for not less than n month
»
ft
i
K^'i
ITS NOW A NATIONAL NECESSITY GET ALL CANS BACK TO THE OWNERS
t

How The Creameries Can Help
To comply with the new end drastic war réfutation and to avoid confusion, creameries will help you get “stray ’ cins back to their owners, For this
purpose creameries :
measure

y
».

1.—Will accept “foreign" or “stray" cans and loan yon one of their own for use in shipping to them only
— Will promptly return these etuis to the owners.
offence for a creamery to hold or use
A
( Its


idi

W' j'Jw. v
FUNDS AVAILABLE
FOR Dnctaanincj FOOD SUPPLIES
equally an
other creameries' cans )
T
7
i
repaired and made serviceable
3—	Will have rusty cans
again for future use.
4—	Will not continue
Creamery's can.
to accept créant in any other
We ask your full co-operation in this
Essential War Measure
To increase food production for Great Britain and the Empire s armies many farmers are redoubling their customary strenuous efforts. It is not surprising if they have to borrow to help finance their increased task.
If you, a farmer, need credit for any constructive purpose, call on out nearest branch manager and tell him of your requirements. He understands farm problems and will co-operate with you as far as sound banking permits. Your business with the Bank will be held in strictest confidence.
THE SHAWVILLE CREAMERY
Clarendon United Church Rev. H. Gill Steers, B A., B.D., pastor
Radford
Alternate 11.00 a.m.
Wesley
Bristol
CARDS OF THANKS
FOR SALE -1 spring tooth harrow, 1 Frost and Wood disc harrow
Will exchange for one-yea r-nd
cattle or cedar fence posts, Apply to R. J. CVTHBERTSON, Mar>land.
Alternate 3.00 p. m.
Mr. Robert Little, and daughter, Leona, desire to express their sincere thanks to many friends and neighbours for many arts ut kindness and beautilul floral tributes during their recent sad bereavement, in the death of their beloved wife and mother.
N mi » i Yarnt—
Every evening—6.00 p m.

BANK OF MONTREAL
i
Also
JSÆSd'S'M.S»»” ™ Your Hot l>og Hide.
name is unfamiliar to most persons,	67 Separate Taxes!
but to her belongs the distinction ^ >re munching a hot dog, of being one of the very few persons ] whgt do you think about7 probably
acclaim theVncoln Gettysburg5ad°- I g^/^u^doS Ïpen up°your
the day” and paraphrased a race	: ine reSults!
track expression by addrng “Prest- ^e's^he dope on the tax prob-
dent Lincoln also spoke, Mary	as it elates to Coney Island
Shaw, a reporter on the Hanover,
• •
WHERE SMALL ACCOUNTS ARE WELCOME
the Outcome of 124 Years* Successful Operation
“A BANK
Modern, Experienced Banking Service
• •••••
TEMPLETONSgSiSE
Shawville Branch :
G. A. McDOUGALL, Manager
Buy
/ WAR \ ' SAVINGS > CERTIFICATES

17»
_	. i	. T.	, red-hots :	There are b7 separate
Spectator, reported what Lin- taxes bidden in the average hot dog.
Below her likeness is this inscrip-1 ^appJd^in'has^Uea^53°&x%y^
ments milled and baked into it. The
coin's Gettysburg Address bore wit-1	ïnd^nttauTadding1 W ev-
ness to its greatness. In her ac- gt ol the way from the procount for the Hanover Spectator she du*er £ the consumer. The pack-garnered Lincoln s words from his ; house, the retail butcher, two own bps. She helped the world to *, of supply houses, the railroads long remember. Her feUow towns- and the truckers all pay taxes that men pay this belated tribute to her eventually are incorporated in the courage, enterprise and foresight d	love to eat. And a penny
that we may never forget.	out 0f each nickel you pay, when
you stand at the hot dog counter, goes to the tax collector, according to the expert.
What will you think about the next
.,	......	., 4.	. time you eat a hot dog? Well, prob-
biggest bats in the world—the giant abl just what you thought about be-
fruit bats of Java have no interest . That’s why politicians prefer in a blood diet. This is fortunate for the natives, for these bats measure three feet and more across their wings.
There is many a legend about the vampire bat, and not all of these tales are true. One persistent bit of lore is that the creature is a blood
TR C s *,«
Pa
•I
é*
M
tion:
“Her firsthand report of Lin-
PUBLIC NOTICE
H origins Garage
It is contrary to the By-Laws of tha Village of Shawville for anyone to ride a bicycle upon the sidewalks of this Village. The Public is warned that infractions of this By-Law will not be tolerated and that all offenders will be dealt with according to Law.
Dated at Shaw ville this 15th day of April, 1942.
THE CORNER STORE
I
Estate Mrs. M. G. Howard Main [and Centre Sts. |SH AW VILLE
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
By order of the Council
Laps Up Blood
Some members of the bat family will eat fruit or bugs. In fact, the
USED CARS
and
TRUCKS
hidden taxes.
k
New Egg Grading Station for Shawville, April 1st, 1942.
f
Report Proteins Used to Build New Body Material
Successful test tube combination
_ •	n-'i	m,	of amino acids, the so-called build-
sucker. This is wrong. The vam- T b]ocks of protein. into more
pire literally laps up blood with a complicated body substances, has tiny and amazingly efficient tongue. beerf reported at the Stanford uni-This tongue flicks back and forth at versit conference on protein re-high speed when the flesh of the victim has been punctured and takes up the blood so fast that it seems the eating is done by sucking it up.
The Shawville Egg and Poultry Association has made arrangements to provide larger space, and more central location, in order to assist it in providing better service to more producers. The station will be situated in the Show Room of Mr, J. P. Wilson, Centre Street.
search.
These amino acids were added to solution containing a little salt and either some extract of the papaya fruit or of animal tissues. The . .	„ ,	...	result was the formation, of a subLabels Help Identify	stance which was neither an amino
A helpful idea at canning time is i(j nor protein, but rather some-to label jelly glasses fnut jars and	;n between,
other containers with the name of Thig gives scientists a substantial the contents and the date of prepa- ..break-> in the long-standing at-ration. Then it is always easy to t pt to travel the mysteries of identify and select whatever is want- roteins
ed off the shelves.	..... Animal and plant digestive sys-
One of the easiest ways is to hold temg break down their food into
the paper label on the jar with trans- s le substances and rebuild them parent adhesive tape which seals ^ the particular kinds of pro-tightly at a touch of the finger and teing nee{fed ^ their tissues, but requires no moistening. TTus tape nobod ever has been able to dupli-
2«"tli"MS ->*	'•b”"u>ri'm,,h-
against stain or dust. Tape and 00 label are readily removed when desired.	.
Many housewives also label their
storeroom shelves in the same way.
Two 1940 Chevrolet Sedans
One 1934 Chevrolet Coach
One 1929 Chevrolet Sedan
One 1939 Maple Le af 2 1 -2 ton^truck
One 1934 Chevrolet 1 1-2 ton truck
a
new
!

i.
\
The new grading station will be equipped with modern cooling system, and the latest Egg Equipment and will be open for business on April 1st.
old customers will continue their look forward to serving new
a

One pair Clydesdale Mares, matched, age 6
and 7 years, 2800 lbs
We hope our
patronage and ones, with pleasure.
we
J. L. HODGINS
ORLA YOUNG, Manager
Some animo acids have been put together by purely chemical means, but the results fell far short of being proteins.
Phone 64 J.


i






