###PAGE###1###
",

I
1 <
No. 51, 60th Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, JUNE 24th, 1943
Dr. C. F. C. Po triés will be at hit
cottage at Green Lake for the month of July. Urgent calls will be attended to by phoning 14 -12.
ENGAGEMENT
MARRIED
I
Gowling
i
Mr km—Ralph*
Mr. mid Mr*. A, W. My^r*, oi l A pretty Mtdding ffü» »olemniz-Montreal, un nomine the eugigt--1 cd un Thurndity by the Hev. Her mentor their youngest daughter, old A. Turner in the Maine of the Heverley Aero Findlay, to Lieul Fakenliam United Church when Jolm Frank Ralph*, of the Rova* Susannah Finie, second daughter Canadian Tank Corp, son of Mr of Mr. and Mra. Clarence Brown, and Mrs. Frank Ralphs, of Mont- I of Kinhuvn, became the bride ol real. Marriage to take place in James Lawson, only son of Mrs. July*	I Thomas II. Stanley, of Shawville,
and the late Mr Stanley.
For the ceremony the bride wore a diems of Heaven blue sheer cut *irect length, with white hat and veil, and a shoulder knot of lilies
Brown—Stanley
Business
In co-operation with other Shawville Stores to reduce work-hour weeks, this store
will be closed all day
Clarendon Women's Institute will hold a Basket Picnic at Sand Bay on Tuesday afternoon, June 2Mtu. Pupils of No*. 4 and 5 Schools and their pi rent* aie invited. •
College
283 Bank Street OTTAWA, CANADA
The animal Cimntÿ Orange celebration under the auspice* of L. O. L. No. (15. will be held at the David Angua grove situated on the Shaw ville - Ladysmith highway. On account of rationing the celebration will take the form of a basket picnic.
EVERY WEDNESDAY
Never were Stenographer* in such und hm now. XVc are conducting _ 011 intensive course. ¦¦ once and help your country
I

<lem
a *
during the months of
B?gin at
MARRIED
JULY and AUGUST
Open all Summer
Armitage—Hoduins
At Wesley United Church, Char I of the valley, teris, by Rev. N. T. Hoi mem, on She %vas attended by her sister, Thursday, June 24, HM3, LllHi-1 Viiis Leona Brown, whose drew* Florence, eldest daughter of Mr vy** of pink sheer, cut in similar and Mrs. Lawrence Hodgins, to lines to the bride's with white ac Mr. Kenneth Armitage, son ot Mr. vessories
and Mrs James Armitage, all of The best man was Wilfrid Rei-Cliaiteri*.	I berts, of Ottawa.
n.uud c-	I After the ceremony supper was
..	3	, tiOLTi 4	served	to the immediate.friends of
On Saturday, June 12, 1948,	in	both families at the home of the
St, raul n Anglican Church, Fort bride’s parents, and later a recep-Krie, Ont, by the Rev Canon tion was held in the Pa ken ham Hart, Marjorie Agues, eldest hall to over 10Ü guests The young daughter ot Mr. and Mrs.	E.	C	couple	then left foi Shawville.
Oahins, of Shaw ville. Que.,	to Mr.	where	they are to make their
Henry W. Holt, of Buffalo, N. Y home on Young Street.
«on of Judge \V. Holt and Mrs	hhmh i ¦	¦
Holt, ot Fargo, North Dakota.
W. I. COWLING President
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Prinicipal
Miss Lillis Hodgins Honoured
On Friday: evening, June 18th. the Young People's Association of Charter!*, met at the home of Miss Genevieve Crawford.
After the opening exercises a presentation of a beautiful quilt was made to Miss Lillis Hodgins, one of this month's brides.
The presentation was made by Miss Veda Beattie, while an ap propriate address was read by Miss Genevieve Crawford.
Miss Hodgins, who was greatly taken by surprise, thanked her many friends for the beautiful gift, after which all joined in singing “For She'd a Jolly Good Fellow."
The remainder of the evening was spent in singing and games and at the close dainty refreshments were served by the hostess.
JAMES A. MILLAR
^'1A.,IL. . . L.
advocate, barrister, .te
120 MainSt.,Hull,Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’» Bay ëwry Wednesday morning At Pontia«.House, Shawville
Wednesday at Nooa^HH
HARLAND 0, ROWAT
notary public
graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE.QUE.
STORE HOURS :
7.30 to 6.00 p. Tuesdays—open until 10.00 a. Saturdays—open until 11.00 p.
m
m.

m.
SCUCCIMARRA- BECKETT
Military wedding of local inter-eat took place on Tuesday. June Holy Trinity chapel. West N. I., when Lt. Eleaiuu
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
4 Estate C. J. Caldwell f-
BIRTHS
15th in
Beckett R. N., daughter of Mr. ind Mr#. Harold Beckett, of Shawville, became the bride of _____	, Lt. David J. Scticoimat ra, U.S.A
PERSONAL MENTION I	3
xih 4 h , c *	, I Y The Rev. J. P. Moore officiated
£K‘»a";slïî
eiauvt h.	1 detachment at West Point, gave
Mrs. Harold Walker, of Ottawa. hhe*bride in marriage. For the spent the week-end at the home of ceremony the bride wore tradi-her mother, Mrs R A. Dale. | tionai ivory satin, trimmed with
ro«e|K)int lace; with coronet and linger length veil. She carried a «hoover bouquet of gardenia# and white snapdragons. She was attended by Mrs. Robert Taylor, of West Point, as matron of honor, ¦¦MKlhoaipson, of
rldesmmid.S# The matron of honor was attired in a pink chiffon frock with contrasting pastel blue accessories and she carried a bouquet of pink carnations, blue snapdragons and iris.- 'The bridesmaid's gown was Mrs. D. W. Blackadar and in-1 of pastel yellow marquisette and fant son, Dean, of Middleton, N. S. blue accessories and a bouquet of are guests of her parents, Rev. A. yellow daisies, blue snapdragons F. and Mrs. Pokes.	land iri«.
Mr. and Mrs. Carrol Horner, of I of West Point. As the bridal Noranda, are visiting at the party left the church after the home ot the former's parents, Mr ceremony a guard of honor, with and Mrs. J, H. Horner,	| sabres lifted high, formed an arch
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Myers, of I Mrs. Scucci marra is a graduate Montreal, spent the week-end at of Renfrew, Ont, hospital, and their cottage at Sand Bay, Mr. was for some time a member of the Myers is remaing for an extended nursing staff of Peekskill hospital, holiday.	| She is at present stationed at
The Misses Helen and Lillian from Long Island Medical College Howard and Mildred Young, of in 1984. He was an interne in
i'^îiÜa I	r.V/v'1 •	^on their honeymoon, after which
f 11ÏMT WMti mftou nim relatives in tow n I will return to their respective
stations.
GLENN — At Montreal, Que., on June 14. 1943, to Lieut and Mrs. W, J. Glenn, a soil James Robert
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Hotel ani Cirage Buried at Otter Lake Village
? Advocate Barrister ;
*	Solicitor, etc.
Omt’E ; Campbell* H«>, Quebec (In} Lawn Block)
The Exchange Hotel and outbuilding#. owned and operated by Alphonse Vadineau, and n garage and blacksmith shop, owned by Jos, Lefleur, at Otter Lake village, were completely demolished by fire on Monday.
fhe fire is thought to have s ta i ted from an explosion in the garage budding, and the blaze soon jumped to the near-by hotel. Other buildings in the village ignited and were in danger. The |IH fire-fighting apparatus of the Forest Protective Association was I . used to good advantage with a bucket brigade.
The loss is estimated at $25,000 partially covered by insurance.

DONAT Le GUERRIER Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
Branch at (Juyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with l y cmuf crd*nc
Mr. Nui val Kilgour has returned to St Catherines, after spending a week or two at hi* home on the 7tli line.
Seaman Lionel Hanna. ZtCNVR ,
In spending a furlough at the home I *nd Miss Nancy of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. \Vm. 1 Pe^kskill, as b Hanna.
During- the months of
JULY
and
AUGUST

Miss Florian Brough. R. N„ of Ottawa, spent the week-end at the home of her parents, Mr, arid Mrs A. G. Biougli,
R. MILLER WALLACE
> ADVOCAT .. BARRISTER flULL, QUEBEC
Consultations by Appointment
I
Shawville Detachment Growing
The Shawville Detachment of the Reserve Army now has thirty* four men. Included in their ber are recruit# from Campbell’s Hay, Bryson. Otter Lake and Yam. In addition to those who are still under age for Active Service there ate a number of exservice men, fai mers mill-workers, business and professional men.
Recent acquisitions to the unit is Mr. Moreland Hodgins of the Hodgins Lumber Company, and ¦¦George Moore, of Campbell’-Bay, from the Governor General's Foot Guards and the C.O T.C.
Lieutenant K. C. Bolton ham been promoted to the acting rank of Captain.	v
Men between the ages of 17 • 1U and 40 -45, and the physically fit men who are presently exempt from Active duty are still being recruited.
' Camp will be held in Connaught July 25th to August 8th.
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
nmn*
f
Our store will be closed all day
DR. H. K. NEILSON
EVERY WEDNESDAY
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat
SPECIALIST
Mr.
MEDICAL ANTS BUILDING
In order to give our faitbftil staff a well-earned holiday and to reduce their exceptionally long work-hour week, we are voluntarily taking this action.	'	'
OTTAWA. -
PHONE,;,2-7961
ONT.
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
46 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone
OTTAWA. ONTARIO
O

Am Appeal for Shawville Cemetery
>
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Special is ton al visual andmusculareyedafec
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M.Rollins,
eg Optometrist
STORE HOURS:
Reg Optometris*
S conmtloau^u tne citizen*
d	rony be bud ofHHI
yOod's Acre,mtuatod immediate ly tm the Miunhighway through the village.
Their effort has been highly successful, and one of the beauty spots of Shawville i* the sloping hill and level plots of our grave yard. It is a credit to the village, and is a true symbol ot honor from the living extended to rur friande and loved ones who lie there sleep
Gordon T. Paul
I HSU RANGE
for the week end.
7.30 a. m. to 6.00 p. m. Tuesdays—open until 10.00 p. m. Saturdays—open mti! 11,00 p. m.

Mr. Welland Byron, ot Eiro«ide,	mm	.
who has recently returned from Red Cross Blood Donor Unit Here on Ottawa Civic HOf pita!, where he Tuesday, July 13 underwent surgical treatment was in town on Tuesday.
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
{
The local Blood Donor Unit of Mr. E. C Dahms and daughter. I the Red Cro<s ha* received word Maude, of Montreal, attended the that the next visit of the Mobile marriage of their daughter and Unit will be on Tuesday, July 13 sister, Marjorie, of Buffalo, N. Y., It will be »nt up again in the Sun in Fort Erie, Ont,, last week.	day School room ot the United
~t BfiESïSa
Ottawa, was home for the week end.
ing

How often have visitors said of
What a beautiful

• .
Ojt* cemetery,
place it is, and so carefully kept/
Hut to keep it thus, there is neces sary donations from many friends of the cemetery.
The committee keeps a man at work steady from May until the end of October, cutting the grass, and keeping the lots well trimmed.
Machinery to carry on this work is needed, and the whole cost this year will be over $300.
Wages and materials are more expensive, ho that the cost is high-than in the past. The only source of revenue the Committee has is from the free-will offerings of sympathetic friends and organ-iz i-tinns.
We are calling on all to donate and support the Committee in this work.	The annual Decoration Servir
Amounts should be sent * n to of Norway Bay Cemetery will be the Treasurer, Dr. D J: Campbell, held on Sunday afternoon, July 4 who will acknowledge same by re- at two o’clock._ All interested ceipt and also rough the columns persons are invited to attend.
of The Equity,
QUE
SHAWVILLE
!
Katie Elliott, at Cotie’s Store at
once.
All donors ought to see one of the doctors to receive a tree check up some time before July 13th and this is necessary even for those who have volunteered m the
Talking:	Pictures
Carole Lombard, Cary Grant
Kay Francis
Dr, and Mrs. D. J, Campbell have received a cable from their son. Lac Douglas Campbell, who Ims arrived safely in England. Douglas enlisted in the R.C A F, shortly after his graduation from Macdonald College, where lie re ceived his B S’c degree.
t 1
past,	¦¦
A number who made donations, at the last clinic received their, pins, which betokens three donations, and at the next clinic, Mr. [ Moreland Hodgins will receive a silver pin for six donation? up to d *
/The Committee i* very proud ot , the response from this district ^ far, as this shows that Sb iwville section realizes the great need to furnish blood to save the livëâ of our wounded soldier*.
in

In Name Only
er
«B
at
Decoration Service at Norway Bay Cemetery, Sunday. July 4th
THE W. A. HODGINS STORE
Shawville
Shawville Theatre
Wed. June 23rd
At 8.30 p. m.
Quebec


m

*


k
¦
•t

¦we
*

#



#

W1
»

td


%
1



###PAGE###2###
1

this curious world
S U N D A Y SCHOOL LESSON
| RADIO REPORTER
0),
H,
0
un

REX FROST

• ¦ i
I
I
Of concern to all Victory **»d-ttiers. For some considerable time CFKH. Toronto ham carried the popular CHS. Saturday morning 9.30 presentation “The Garden Gate” conducted by the Old Dirt Dobber. and covering a varied and comprehensive sphere of subjects related to all phases of gardening. Hut a lot of prospective listeners said . . . “What's the use of broadcasting a talk of that kind Saturday morning when many of working at our jobs, or

That Jovial breakfast party
known as the Company of HI-
Jinkers and headed by genial Ted
Archer has recently changed its allegiance. Heard for nine months over CBL during the early morning broadcast hours, the HI Jinkers are now heard every morning 7.00 to 7.46 over CFRB. Toronto. The Hi Jinkers not only provide palatable breakfast hour music but devote their time to the promotion of practical measures for keeping the war effort stepped up on the Canadian home front. You, the listener ran become an active member of the III Jinkers by making s concrete contribution to some branch of war activity. As an acknowledgement of your membership Ted Archer will dedicate a special musical selection to you on his early morning eye-opener.
mwm
June 27
JOHN’S COUNSEL TO CHRISTIANS—2 John and 3 John. PRINTED TEXT, 2 John 4-11;
3 John 6-12.
GOLDEN TEXT—Beloved. 1 pray that In all things thou mayest prosper and be In health, even as thy aoul prospereth. 3 John 2.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
We do not know when
$y

Mi
*

m
?
z

zy
ZZ
zzz
////
Si
%

7/a


TI m e
these two brief Kpistles of John
z
us are
when we're out doing the weekend showing? So, by popular request. CFRB has arranged to re broadcast these discussions every Saturday evening 3 to ft.30. If you find it Inconvenient to listen Saturday morning, by all switch on the CFRB wavelength and catch the evening rebroad cast. Whether you’re growing flowers for pleasure, or vegetables for Victory, you’ll And much to interest
#
before his
were written, whether tmprisounu lit on the Isle of Vat-mos, or after his release. Xs good a guess as any would he about A D. 90 95.
Place. It is presumed that these two Kpistles were written from Ephesus, where John resided for the most part of his lift- after the ascension of Christ.
y
?

• S
f
»
?
*
means
tire»
To correct uneven wear, tdiould he switched at regular intervals. The Munitions ami Supply Department urges all motorists to make this switch every .*.000 mites. Follow the diagram shown •hove.
FIFTY PER CENT
<5>F AU-
killinos
MZE DUE TO LOSS C TEMPER C7VB»
TÆ/ÆZ-Æ-S
com mi •> Nt> mvier. me. T M SIC U. %¦ PAT OPf.
Love and Truth
"1 rejoice greatly that 1 have found certain of thy children walking In truth, even as we received commandment from The Father.” To walk in the truth is to live in coniform it y with Christian truth, revealed in the Gospels.
“And now 1 beseech thee, lady, not as Though 1 wrote to thee a new commandment, but that which
we had from the beginning, that we love one a not he love,
his commandments. This is the commandment, even as ye heard from the beginning, that ye should walk in it.” Love for others was distinctly absent in the normal life of the Homan world in which John and his readers lived. Vn re generated humanity Is fundamentally selfish and loves itself, regenerated men and women by the Spirit forget self and love others.
False Doctrines
"For many deceivers are gone forth into the world, even they that confess not that Jesus Christ cometh in the flesh. This Is the deceiver and the antichrist. Ix>ok to yourselves, that ye lose not the things which we have wrought, but that ye receive a full reward. Whosoever goeth onward and a bldeth not in the teaching of Christ, bath not God: he that a-bideth in the teaching, the same hath both the Father and the 8on.H
There were many different theories about the incarnation In the early Church. Some claimed that Christ never was truly a man, but only clothed Himself with human form. Others claimed that Jesus was never truly God. but that He was only temporarily filled with divinely-given power for the performance of certaJu
America has recently dedicated itself to the policy of the "Good Neighbour*' . . . politically, socially and industrially. Hut good neighbourliness begins in your own . . ami w ith your oun radio.
you.
#
The world at large has heard, with admiration, of the heroic ea-plolts of Russia's fighting men and
as it has come to
deeds. The Christian truth is that the Son of God became man, took Himself our flesh, became
ft
home
With the approach of hot summer days and warm nights, open windows admitting cool breezes and fresh air bring a refreshing stimulant to winter weary souls. With window time comes also a
upon
fleet), and thus was, from the time of his Incarnation, both God and man, two natures in one Person forever. John sa> s that men who deny that Christ is come in the flesh do not have God. which means that man does not possess God in
I
women, even venerate the stoicism of the Soviet's civilian defenders. But BusMans can sing as well as fight. The pulse-stirring songs Russian Steppes, the Ukraine, of Georgia, the Black Sea and of the Caucasus, ms well as the rhythmic strains of Northern Russia and Siberia are currently being fea-
the C.B.C. network,
as
a*

». $%
of the
And this is that we should walk after
open
very personal responsibility . . . for good radio listeners to be good neighbours in a very special way . . . by tuning radio sets so that they will not arouse resent-nu nt in nearby homes. In every dty, town and village are people who have had to adapt themselves to unaccustomed working conditions . . . there are many night workers who must sleep in daylight hours . . . many workers who working out-of the ordinary early morning or late evening shifts. Blaring radios can he very irritating to other people who are seeking rest or relaxation. Good neighbours everywhere can therefore contribute a useful war service by the easily performed thoughtfulness of keeping their radios tuned down during the season of whip open windows, if war is to be waged to a victorious conclusion it must he fought with total energy. Men, women and .Children must have rest as well as relegation. You can help keep up the national spirit by keeping your radio turned down.
/N a Hoese bace,
HOW MA MY FEET ISA 4 % !
ANSWER: Ten feet.
his heart
Partakers In Evil Works
"If any one cometh unto you, and bringeth not this teaching, receive him not Into your house, and give him no greeting:	For
he that giveth him greeting par-laketh In his evil works." For men to receive such teachers into their homes and to be on terms of good fellowship with1 them really mirant that they condoned what these taught, or at least did not
were serious
The
9-1
lured on Thursday evenings at 9.30. That they are sung as they wegp intended to he sung Is guaranteed by the knowledge that Elena Pet-hukova and the Volga Singers lead the vocals, with Ivan Romanoff and his balalaika orchestra providing the musical settings. Here is the music of all the RumIss, expertly rendered and attramvely arranged ... ft reminder that Rnasal's contribution to world culture bespeaks Its own harmonies which will endure long after the discords' of shot and shell have vanished from the Soviet landscape.
MXT, Why h Using cornel easy.
Change Of Tune*
berg In fog. Another whs reported "jammed In tee field - making water forward." Almost every day convoys are altering course to avoid ice, and will continue to do so for weeks to come. Recently,
a fishing schooner was knifed in two ill dense fog by a merchantman, with the loss of 21 lives.
A sign of the time#:
Radio listeners report that Ge#» man broadcast* are plugging tbs old song, "The Watch tfcs Rhine.”
Until recently the favorite was, "We Sail AgainM England-”
aie
mon
think their errors enough for condemnation, world will usually believe th*t those with whom wt frequently
associate are those whom we ap-
prove,
Christian Hospitality
* Beloved, thou tloest a faithful work in whatsoever thou doest toward them that are brethren and strangers withal; who bare witness to thy love before the church; whom thou wilt do well to set forward on their journey worthily of God. because» that for the sake of the Name they went forth, taking nothing of the Gentiles.”
In the apostolic times it would appear that evangelists were sent forth by the apostles or by the churches either to act as missionaries in the conversion of the he*athen. or to arouse and confirm
1

NOTED POETESS
Here are glamorous recollections for the old soldier. Here is a colourful insight for friends and relatives of the fight’ng men of today. Few Canadians have witnessed the unforgettable drama of a troop train rushing through the night, and the day. across country, through towns and cities with its complement of precis ion-trained youth bound for an Eastern Canadian port . . . rolling the highways toward Victory. Friday. June 18th, 10.15 p.m., the CMC. will present a radio picture of the on-rushing troop train. Usually the movements of troop trains are wrapped in silence. For once the curtain of secrecy Is rolled bark that the radio audience may go aboard to Join Canada's youth, speeding the call of duty.
16 Symbol for calcium.
Answer to Previous Puzzle
¦¦¦ wm
HORIZONTAL
1,6 Pictured late poetess, Mrs. Aline


L
19 Notary publie tabbr.)
21 Gaelic *ud of
29 Deprive ot moisture.
31 East (Fr|-34 Flagrant oleorcsin.
36	Pertaining to old age.
37	Asked in marriage.
36 Pasteboard

3B
TSSEi/m HR
s£MDJEN vEUIl *a
SWr7i [sMt'efe¦SIOiTlT
: L
E

r
12 Appear 14 Pair of horses. 16 Crawled 18 Commit to memory.
20 Old-womanish
22	Hoosier state.
23	Aromatic
Hti
R A
believers in the faith. It was nee* therefore, that Christians
R[iBQ'A K|S
eiaI/vl £ \sm
es sa r.v,
should open their homos and welcome as guests many strangers, especially such as came to them bearing the Name. It is evident that such hospitality was a direct means of furthering the gospel and of extending the influence of the
Rif
TEiro
%
AiH'A
apiaceous
garden herb. |R|A!
24	Doctor (abbr.)
25	SS? !°r	45	Indo-Chinese	2 Inured.
26	New England.	language.	3 Complain,
(abbr )	46 Distinguished 4 Keep.
27	Tone D	49 Concord.**!
(music).	51 Governor of a (abbr.).
28	Loan.	province in	7 That thing.
30 Compass point	Egypt.	8 Ascertains.
32	Therefore. 52 Native metal 9 Residences of
33	Symbol for 54 Medicine used ecclesiastics.
samarium.
85 Mountain of Larissa,
Greece
88 Feline house
IN
R
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE BUILDINGS, BOSTON
VERTICAL
Church.
“We therefore ought to welcome such, that we may he fellow-workers for th« truth.” The truth needs men for its helpers. The only way by which it can be spread is through us and our fellows.
box
w
39	Type of nut.
40	She was the widow of Kilmer._
42 Halite bird.
45 Tropical cuckoo.
47 Icon
to tone up the 10 Man’s name. 48 Toward
50 On the top of. 53 International language.
56	Symbol for argentum.
57	Chinese name of Buddha.
5 Forenoon
t


In The Last Fling Of Vicious Winter
Church Membership
“I wrote somewhat unto the church: but DiOtrephes, who lov-eth to have the pre-eminence among them, reeeiveth us not. Therefore, if 1 come. I will bring to remembrance his works which he doe th. prating against us with wicked words:	and not content
therewith, neither doth he himself receive the brethren, and them that would be forbiddeth and casteth them out of the church." Seeking for one’s own self preeminence in the Church where we are all one in Christ Is to go contrary to everything taught in the New Testament. The rule for church membership is that we are to honor, to prefer one another, to humble ourselves, to have the mind that was In Christ
\ÊL
mm
I



11 Chemical substances.
13 Behold!
15 Furnished with keys.
17 Royal Navy Reserve (abbr.).
mjsm
body.
55 Genus of true olive shrubs. 57 Oil reservoir of a lamp.


Navy Battles Fog and Ice Off Canada’s East Coast
8

u
m
9


i
im*
Ships of the Royal Canadian Navy and the merchant ships they guard are now crunching inio the last fling of a vicious winter, RC.N. headquarters at Ottawa reported last week.
Fog and ice are normally the chief navigational hazards of this season, but due to the unusual severity of last winter, more ice was formed than usual. For weeks It has been drifting down the Labrador current in huge fields— often stretching as far as the eye can see
and growlers and hummocks and pressure ridges.
pet
41 French article. 58 Clay.
59 Type of
vulture.
*
r
*****
43 Roof finial. H Indian
ai?
?• V -A.
F

€
9	10
5
6
8
I
*0-1
5n
13
I
14
I

Mr


20
19
17
18

1
lions of merit won by the Monitor during the past year for outstand-editorial and news content, and typographical make-up. He referred to the winning of Columbia University's Mark;
Award for outstanding contribution in the field of Inter-American Relations, the Monitor being the first newspaper in the United States to earn thia recognition. The Monitor also won the F. Way-law! Ayer competition among deity newspapers for excellence in typography, make-up and press-work. On May 28 this paper also obtained a medal of distinction
for servie* in journalism from the School of Journalism of the University of Missouri.
In a statement to the annual meeting of The Mother Church, The First Church of Christ, Scien-
26
bringing with It bergs
mg
same
Jervis : that Is to be a servant of
tiet in Boston, Massachusetts, on June 7, the directors first emphasized the word "prayer, followed with the term "mriacle <xf deliverance” which is to be accepted , they said, as the logical answer to righteous prayer.
Thus, deliverance from the hand of the oppressor was seen by »v Pivpctorg tç be no miracle at
all, but rather a simple witnessing to the fact that power springs from the prayer of understanding.
2
29
I

all.
Moors Cabot
then
X
? I
Shipping Damaged
It floats down from Arctic waters in the icy Labrador current until it meets the warn! Gulf Stream flowing north. Then fog forms, thick, soupy Impenetrable fog that is one of the greatest banes of North Atlantic shipping.
Both fog and Ice have recently been the cause of damage to shipping off Canadas Eastern seaboard the Navy reported. A whole convoy was caught and imprisoned in a field. One merchantman was holed when she struck a small
3 ,
32
Truth Bears Witness
"Beloved, Imitate not that which is evil, but that which is good. He that doeth good Is of God: he that doeth evil hath not seen God. Demetrius hath the witness of all men, and of the truth itself: yea, we also bear witness; and thou knowest that our witness Is true.” He who is true to his convictions, he who devotes himself to the service of truth and the salvation of men—to him the truth itself, which has made him what be Is, bears witness.
40
36
37
38
4
5
I 42
44

7
49
52 53
4
I
55
56
57
"A praying people can »ufer defeat,” summarized the directors’ remarks to several thousand Christian Scientists assembled in The Mother Church.
The directors announced the election of Mrs. Daisette D. S. McKenzie, of Cambridge, Massachusetts, as president of The Mother Chui*h for the ensuing succeeding Mrs. Elizabeth F. of Brookline, Masea-
never
22
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—An All-Purpose Comb?
I CAN BEND IT -
CAN YOU COMB YOUR
HAIR WITH IT
THIS IS A MARVELLOUS COMB- -
-JUMP ON IT -
TWIST IT-
jear,ei
Norwood,
? O
rhusetts.
A. Warren Norton, manager of The Christian Science Publishing Society, reported an increase in the circulation of all Christian
Sc i c ru c c ||||||||||||ll||||||	Hi
The Christian Science Monitor. The exigencies of war have been met in part, he said, by the reduction in size of som of the periodicals.
Christian Science Sentinel, reduced to pocket-size, ported at the highest in it* history.
Emphasis was placed by Mr. Norton upon the public recogni-
d
i
n
publications, including




The circulation of

the




was re-

231



: v


r.

j
t
\
###PAGE###3###
^>4
I
I
How Can 177
SHELL GAME ON ATTU
By Anne Ashley

f



!
MOW CAN I?
Q. How tan I preserve a thermo# bottle when storing it?
A. Do not put the thermos bottle away with the cork Inserted, aa the bottle mill become musty. Keep the cork elsewhere, but do not forget the location when the
bottle im again required.
Q. How can I keep the bathroom disinfected?
A. When cleaning the bathroom add a few drops of disinfectant to the water. It will give the room • clean smell and will kill any germs that may be In the howls.
Q. How can I easily stem strawberries?
A It Is much easier to stem strawberries, raspberries, or any other kind. If the berries are
poured out on a table, or other flat surface.
O. How should blankets be laundered?
A Do not handle blankets roughly when washing them. Allow the water to soak through them, then pat or squeeze until saturated with water, and use the same method for drying. This will keep the fibers soft.
Q. How can I keep fish from losing its shape when boiling it?
A. Place » wire rack m the kettle tn which the fish is to be boiled, place the fish carefully on the rack, and It will avoid the necessity of wrapping It in cheesecloth to retain Its shape.
#




t


IT DOES TASTE GOOD INAPIPEI
n




M
GROWN IN SUNNY. SOUTHERN ONTARIO
if*
tiirU are small enough to fit int* the tail position of German bombers, and there is no reason wtijr they can't shoot aa well as men/*
Nazi ‘Blonde’ Shot Down In Bomber
X
Y5
4
A?
A story of girl gunners in Nazi bombers is being told by American soldiers wounded in Tunisia.
“One of the girl gunners shot down near us,” said Sergeant Victor R. Woodward, of Seymour, Ind., “was a very pretty blonde.


Paint brush bristles for essential war purposes come from China, and are flown out of that country by returning Allied fliers.



the
i he fast-firing crew of a L*. S. Army field piece popping away at Japs on Attu Island keens a.r,munition bearers busy passing up “refills." At left the bearers are unpacking shells, while pile of empty shell case# in the foreground tells its own story of headaches for the Nips
PELANGIO
the
MOOSEWOOD
SHELDON
LAR-ADD
EASTWARD
WHAT SCIENCE IS DOINC
Modern Etiquette
By Roberta Lee
Have You Heard?
Bought, Sold and Quoted
Unlisted Mining Dept.
Two Scotsmen were discussing the domestic unhappiness of s mutuel friend. “Aye, aye," jaid vne, "Jamie Thompson has a sair time wi* that wife o’ his.”
"What else can ye expect?*' as c the other scornfully. “The puir creature merit after coortiiV for on.y seven years. Man, he had nae chance to ken the woman in aie a short time. When I was eoortiiV I coorted for 20 years.
An amused listener to this conversation ventured to ask if this long courtship had ensured con-ubial bliss, whereupon the old _ Mtsman replied:
"I till ye I coorted for 20 year n that time I Lent what
and so I didna
1.	If an invitation is received o er the phone or verbally, may one say that he will let the other person know later whether he can accept ?
2.	Is it correct to have a wifeta card appear on the letter box of an apartment?
3.	What is the correct way U> hold a glass in the hand?
4.	If one wishes to attract the attention of an acquaintance who is standing near, should he do so by touching him?
5.	Which is the larger of the two, the dinner plate or the service plate?
6.	What is the customary way to mark the bride'â wedding ring?
ANSWERS
1. No; in this instance do some quick thinking, and give an answer one *vay or the other. 2. It is customary for thj husband’s card to be placed in the space provided for this purpose. 3. The glass should be held slightly below the centre, with the thumb and first two fingers. 4. No; many persons resent this. Merely call hie name. 5. The service plate is usually one or two inches larger in diameter than the dinner plate. G. With the initials of both the bride and bridegroom and the month, day and year of the wedding.
WOOD OF GROWING TREES
CAN BE DYED
C. C. FIELDS & CO.
Food For Tunis
The staining and dyeing of finished lumber is a process in which, in most cases, the color does not extend very deeply into the body of the wood, writes W. P. Keasbey in The Christian Science Monitor. An experimenter, however, claims to have developed a means of coloring the wood of living Lrees in such fashion that when the treated trees later are felled and sawed into lumber, the wood thus obtained will be uniformly and beautifully colored from heart to bark.
The color thus introduced into the wood is said to be practically indelible, being resistant to the bleaching action either of acid or of water.
The inventor of the process maintains also that the use of dye does not injure the tree.
The trees dyed experimentally include small beech, birch, and maple trees. The treatment involves first, the boring of several holes at the base of the trunk. Next, the holes are fitted with containers hung from the tree branches and serving as reservoirs for the dye.
The liquid flows through the tubes by gravity into the holes in the trunk, where it mingles wiLl" the circulating sap of the tree. The movement of the sap carries the coloring matter (the composition of which is kept secret by the inventor) to every part of the tree. The time required to complete the dyeing process is given two days for small trees and four days or more for larger ones.
By means of this dyeing system, natural wood has been colored lavender, blue, yellow, and orange. Tests indicate that dye-treated trees have harder wood than untreated trees of the same variety, which, for some woodworking purposes, may be an advantage.
This new dyed wood has been made into colored umbrella handles, candlesticks, buttons, etc. These products need no staining or painting—only polishing
Members Toronto Stock Exchange
TORONTO
WA. 4731
200 BAY ST
The first train carrying food for civilians of Tunis since the Axis defeat arrived in that capital of Tunisia recently amid cheers from crowds gathered at the station. The cars were draped with flags of the Allied nations. The city was .'tripped of food by the Germans.
TORONTO CITY POLICE FORCE
TEMPORARY CONSTABLES WANTED
*
Ages 2% years and over; Married; Physically fit; at least 6' 9” in stocking feet; 160 lbs.; of good character and fair education. To be available for appointment immediately. Uniform clothing supplied.
Apply Nearest Employment and Selective Service Office
Refer to File RO 591
E
Because serious agiotage resulted, Germany has stopped the use of prisoners of war in loading railway care and ships.
and woman was, marry."
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
Farmer: “I've never seen suck a season. My corn isn’t an inch high."
Neighbor; "An inch7 Why the sparrows have to kneel down to eat mine."
PHOTOGRAPH1
IIA1RUHKSS1NG SCHOOL

AGENTS WASTE»
LEARN HAIRDRESSING THE Robertson method. Inform «nor on request Robertson’s
emy, 137 Avsnue Road. Toronto
"WORK IS UNEXCELLED" SAYS BRITISH AIRMAN
IF YOUR HUSHAND IS CO.NTRID-uting 10% of his salary for bonds and you want to help with the family budget and < an devote a few spare hour* daily to a position with good pay, write Avon Products of Canada, Limited, 1016 St. Alexander St.. Montreal, Que.
i

A little boy in school refused to sew. thinking It beneath the dignity of a 10-year-old man.
“George Washington sewed," •aid tfie principal, “taking it for granted that a soldier must; and do you consider yourself better Avar. George Washington?"
“I don’t know; time will tell," •aid the boy serioualy.
regarding
flairdressl:
classes
ng At ml

l
)
work is unexcelled by any I have yet tried, and before th •v.1 i I toured quite a lot In Or
n and on the Continent. Your
This

!
t

LIVESTOCK REMEDIES
I
too. Is unbeatable JHnimentary letter to Star Sea *liut Sertlve corn Airman training In Canada
I
QUICKLY TABLETS diarrhoea in chick#
RED BLOOD stop White Turkey poults, also calf scourt-and pig scours, costs chick lc poult, 10c pig, 60c calf. Trial
guaranteed reaulU . R. A. Finn \ Co.
i
AUTOMOBILES—-USED
from a British

USED CARS WITH GOOD TIRES See us first. Mount Pleasant Motors Limited. Used Car Lot at 2040 Yonge Street; Head Office. 682 Mount Pleasant Road, Toronto. Telephone HY. 2181.

or 8 Expos urea. HEX ELOPED AMD PRINTED
nnd girls on active service letters so murh more wheh " are enclosed.
You will get snapshot# that wlU please you better—at lowest coat -if you mall your film rolls te * * % r Menpuhot Service for develop-li g and printing. And you will get the phompte.et service obtainable la keeping with quality work. Send your next roll to Star * * a p*h#t Service for a trial.
3 MOISTED ENLARGEMENT*
Size 4 x 6" in Beautiful Easel
Mounts.
You can have enlargements coloured by hand for a small additional charge.
Size Roll
x
sample $1.00; or money back.
Limited. London. Ontario
Substitutes Found For Manila Fiber
Ki
it

“Now, Murphy, what about carrying some bricks/*
P»
MEDIC Al
AUTO PARTS
NEW AND USED PARTS FOR ALL make# of cars and trucks. Complete automobile machine shop service. General Auto Supply. 12 Frederick St., Kitchener. Ontario.
GOOD ADVICE! EVERY SUFFER er of Rheumatic Paine or Naur itia should try Dixon’s Reined> Munro'a Drug Store. 316 Elgin Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
Rope May Be Made From Jute, Cotton, Hemp, Nylon
4,l ain’t fadin’ . I’m tremblin’
Murphy: well, guvnor

all over.”
Along with silk, camphor, rubber, and other items, manila fiber, best of rope-making materials, must be included in the list of Japan-caused shortages.
Rope, moreover, is quite an important artitle. Without rope, tugboats couldn’t ply theii trade; merchant ships and war vessels couldn’t sail; rangers would have to do without scaling nets, etc.
Perhaps next best on the list of rope fibers is the sisal, ar agave, which may be obtained from Africa. Another agave, henequen (principally used in binder twine), is obtainable from Mexico and Cuba. This sisal rope ie only about 75 per cent, es strong, size for
rope made from manila * fiber. Henequen rope has only about 60 per cent, of the strength-of manila.
Well, them, get
Foreman busy with the sieve.’
HAD Y CHICKS
MONOGR AM MED STATIONERY
HYBRIDS FOR EXTRA VIGOUR alao popular purebred». Complete Uet, all agee. Falrvlew Farms. St. Marys, Ontario.
STAMPED WITH YOUR NAME OR monogrMm in gold. 24 sheet* and 24 envelopes. Choice of WHITE, BLUE or GREY paper. Trane Canada Mall Order, Box 251 Station H, Montreal. Postpaid 76o
A Chinese recruit being examined by an English officer was asked his name.
"Sneeze," he replied.
But the officer was unconvinced and asked for an explanation.
“Me very intelligent," the Chinese said. "Me translate into your language my name
Shoo
CHICKS WELL-BOUGHT LESSEN risks. A list of the things that can happen to chirks between hatching and producing would fill a good-sized book. That’s why It Is the height of good Judgment to start with chicks of known breeding; chicks that are guaranteed to reach you full of Ilf bright active and healthy-ready to thrive from the first day on. The quality of Tweddle chicks has been known In Canada for a fifth of a century. They're from Government Approved tested ancestors. We are still able to supply day old chicks and older pullets—cockerels for meat production and breeding—all the most popular breeds and crossbreeds—all at prices that permit fair profits. We can give immediate delivery on White Leghorns, White leghorn X Barred Rocks. White Rock X White leghorns and many other pure breeds and hybrids. Bend your order tod a y. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus, Ontario.
box
STAR SNAPSHOT SERVICE
Bex 1%#. l'estai Terminal A, Tereete
Print your nome and address plainly, on all orders.
NIBSES WANTED
GRADUATE NURSES FOR TU barculosls sanatorium of 700 bed# Good salary with full maintenance. Excellent living quarters State previous experience, etc. Address Application to Mies E Ewart, Superintendent of Nurses, Mountain Sanatorium. Hamilton. Ontario.
Ati
TEACHERS WANTED
WANTED. PROTEST-ant teacher for S.8. No. 1 Marier, near Englehart, 18 pupils, Malar#; $1,000. Apply L Wright. Secretary R.R. No. 1, Marier
MA RTER
“Soanso ta one of these fellows who hae more money than brains, is he not?” asked Brown of hie friend, Black.
“Yes; and he is not rich either," replied Black.
blood
WANTED — EXPERIENCED PRO-teetant teacher with first das# certificate, for S.S. No housle
$1.1)00 per annum. Apply stating other qualifications to Raymond R Paul I^anark. Ont
TAPEWORM
2 Dal-
Lanark County. salary
STOMACH AND THREAD WORMS often are the cause of lll-heaith In humans all ages. No one Immune! Why not find out If this le your trouble? Interesting particulars—Free! Write Mulveney's Remedies. Specialists, Toronto I, Ont.

size
Bra»:
J
Magistrate: "You’re a danger bo pedestrians. You’re not allowed to drive for two years.’’
Defendant; "But, air, my living depend* on it.”
Magistrate: "So does theirs.”
Sec.-Treae.. R.R. No.
185,000 Acres In Hemp Rope also may bs made from such fibers as jute, cotton, and hemp. Hemp ia a familiar rope fiber. The old sailing vessels, before the introduction of manila to this country in 1820, were hemp-rope equipped. And hemp will be a real addition to the
m
EMILY TOWNSHIP, S.S. NO. 8; Protestant teacher wanted, duties commencing Sept. 1. Stata salary, experience, qualifications. School situated on county road one mile off highway. Ira Fallls, Secretary, Omemee, R.R. 1. Ont
PATENTS
DON’T PUT OFF YOUR HUMMER Bray order for chicks, cockerel*, pullets. A few late June chicks available. "The 2-Hour Poultry Short Course" Is something you should have, it's free. Bray Hatchery. ISO John N.. Hamilton.
FBTHEK8TONHAUUH tk COMPANY Patent Solicitor!. Establishes 18 II Ü ;	14 King West, Toronto
Booklet of Information on request
RECTAL SORENESS AND
Mike: "I haven't seen my Uncle Pat for 10 years. Tell me what he a keen doing all that time.”
Ike: "Ten yenrs.”
PROTESTANT TEACHER FOR S.S. No. 7, Asphodel, Peterborough County:	dut lea to commence
Sept. 1st. Apply, stating salary and qualifications. to Howard Gardner, Norwood, Ont.
PILE TORTURE
soon
domestic rope fiber supply. This spring 185,000 acres of Corn Belt land are to be planted in hemp for fiber, and 50,000 acre* more i for seed. And in 1940 the entire hemp acreage in the United States |
was leas than 2,000 acres.	I
Various other natural fibers are being experimented with for cord-Among these may be mentioned the yucca, scrub palmetto, and such plants as carom of Brazil, fique of Colombia, and malva blanca of Cuba.
PHOTOGRAPH Y
QUICKLY RELIEVED
DYEING A CLEANING
Save you anything needs
dyeing or cleaning? Write to ue for Information. Wo are glad to answer your questions. Department H, Parker's Dye Works Limited, 791 Yonge Street. To ronto.
DON’T TRUDGE THROUGH
If you are troubled with Itching piles or rectal soreness, do not delay treatment and run the risk of letting this condition become chronic. Any Itchln age o
proper treatment should be secured at once.
For this purpose get a package of Hem-Hold from any druggist and
directed. This formula which Is used Internally Is a small, easy to take tablet, will quickly relieve the Itching and soreness and aid In healing the sore tender spots. Hem-Hold Is pleasant to use, le highly recommended and It seems the height of folly for any one to risk a painful and chronic pile condition when such a fine remedy may be had at such a email coat.
if you try Hem-Roid and are not entirely pleased with the results, your druggist ; swill gladly relurp votir money
PLUMMER — WANTED. PROTEft-tant teacher for 8.8.' No. 1 Plummer. Duties to commence Sept. 1st. Apply, stating experience and salary expected to Mr* Beatrice Shuttleworth, Plummer, Ontario.
The Heal, Hale, er HsM
HAVE YOUR SNAPS
Soldiers Like Radio News Minus Frills
K or soreness or painful paes-r stool Is nature's warning and
Delivered by Mall
Any l or 1 exposure film perfectly developed and printed for only She. Supreme quality and fast service guaranteed.
FEATHERS WANTED
TEACHER FOR GRADES 1
Calnaville School cm Highway '* State salary expected. Apply f J. Rispln, 832 Col born e St. Brantford.
AT
There is a radio here, too, writes Quentin Reynolds in Collier's from U. S. Air Base in Africa. Although the boys get no
newspapers they are strangely apathetic toward our American commentators and shouts of "Take him off usually greet the pontifical tores of some men to whom millions- of you at home listen intently. The boys seem to prefer the BPC, which merely broadcast# the communiques with-
use as
WILL PAY THE FOLLOWING prices for Goose and Duck feathers : Goose feathers, 68c lb.; Duck feathers. 48c lb. Canada Comforter Co. Limited. 736 Du rid a s 9t. East. Toronto. Ont.
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
* ta l ion J. Toi'olo
age
TRACTOR HARTS
FILMS DEVELOPED 25c COIN
Two prints from each negative. He rlnt* 2c each. Montreal Photo, O. Box 16U. Station If. Montreal.
3
TRACTOR PARTS NEW AND used, for all makes of tractors. General Auto and Tractor Supply, 1* Frederick St.. Kitchener OnL
FARM WANTED
P-
new#
»
WANTED, SMALL FARM ON LAKE front, suitable for summer camp, about thousand dollars. Wm. Campbell, 119 Logan Ave., Toronto.
Nylon Too Coolly
Not all rope fibers are obtained from plant#. Rope spun from manmade nylon fibers ia proving invaluable for gilder tow-ropes and ha# been an important factor in making practicable the flying pickup of motorless craft. At present the matter of cost stand# in the way of the general use of nylon fibers for rope, but it is thought that the cost may drop considerably under quantity production.
Researchers are also experimenting with other substance# from which rope can be made, and viscose and acetate rayon fibers show promise.
OIL# AND GRKAME
TEACHER WANTED
*
TRACTOR OWNERS
FULLY QUALIFIED HOME E<T)N-omlcs teacher for Fifth glass. Write statins salary, certificates and grade subjects prepared to teach in morning période, t ('olebourne. ;
Riverside. Ontario.
SEND FUR OUR NEW 1943 PRICE list on oils and grease. Co-Operative Oil Company, 3570 Dunda» St. W., Toronto.
FOOT BALM

MIDDLE-AGE)
WOMEN &
\\
BAUMEFKA FOOT BALM destroys offensive odor Instantly, 45c bottle. Ottawa agent. Denman Drug Store. Ottawa.
A.
out comment
Secret ary-Treasurer,
*
RHEUMATIC PAINS
ITS IMPORTANT — EVERY SUFferer of liheuYaatlc Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon’s Remedy. Munro's Drug Store. 185 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
WOODEN HAKNF.** PA HT#
HAIR GOOD*
FARMERS — WE MANUFACTlKM from Canadian Hardwood, standard size of Neckyokes. each 65c; Whiffle Tree*, each 60c; Double Trees, each 70c: yokes, each 25c treated and painted red but without hardware. Orders of not leas than $5.00, shipped anywhere by Freight collect. A Flxher. Norland. OnL
MALE HELP WANTED
MEED THIS ADVICE!!
I Only firm in Canada manufacturing ladles* and gentlemen's hair goods exclusively. Write us for particulars.
re cross, restless, NERVOUS—
If you suffer
by this period In a woman's 11Î try Lydia K. Plnkham'a Veee Compound. Made especially women. Hundreds of thousands
Linotype Operators and Compositors apply to your nearest Employment and Selective Service Office. REFER TO FILE No. R0676.
hot flashes, dlzsl
Tweenncck-
t.’hemically
SAVING DEVICE
table
WHITE'S H.AIR GOODS
for
GASOLINE SAVING DEVICE, 25 venta. State year and make of the car and carburetor. Mike Ignash. 344 Gladstone Ave., Toronto, OnL
SM VoRRr St- Tsrssts, Oatarlo
mark ably helped. Ilona. Made lu C
Follow label dtrec-
ISSUE No. 25—43
I

###PAGE###4###
i
PUBLIC NOTICE
THE EQUITY
NOTICE
Province of (juebec School Municipality of Bristol
Public Notice is hereby given that there will be held on Monday, the fifth day of July, 1943, at the hour of TEN in the forenoon, at the Town Hall, in the Township of Bristol, a meeting of the owners of Heal Estate of this Municipality, entered as such upon the valuation roll and having paid all their School tax?* and other contributions, to proceed with the election of two School Commissioners to replace Samuel < Woods and Howard terms of office have expired
Shawville June 24th 1943
South Onslow School Commissioners
NATIONAL SELECTIVE SERVfCE
In agreement with other Stores and in order to comply with existing Laws governing opening and
closing hours •
<v
June Uth. 1943
A regular meeting ot South Onslow School Commissioners was held on the above date at the usual place of meeting. Present: Athol Inglee, chairman, and Comr 8. Poole and Westbrook.
On motion of Comr. Westbrook the minutes of last meeting were adopted as read.
On motion of Comr. Poole, that owing to conditions prevailing this year, that each school section remain at each school for closing this year.
On motion of Comr. Westbrook the meeting adjourned.
Important Notice
r,
Walsh, whose
TO CERTAIN EMPLOYERS
INII EMPLOYEES
Given at Maryland thin nineteenth lay of June, 1943
Fraser's Store
H l SMITH,
Secretary.Treasurer
o make available for essential employment the services of men in classes already designated as callable for Military Training under National Selective Service Mobilization Regulations. two Orders were issued during May.
It is now illegal for any employer to continue to employ or to engage any man affected by these Orders. except undbr special permit from National Selective Service. Employees affected must
Selective Service Office, and be available for transfer to more important work.
If you as an employer or as an employee, have not complied with these Orders, do so immediately. Get in touch with the nearest Employment and Selective Service Office either personally or by writing. Further delay will involve penalties. Compliance with the law in wartime is the minimum duty of every citizen.
The age and marital disses of men covered by these Orders are as follows:
(a)	Every man lx>m in any year from 1917 to 19$ 4 (inclusive) who has reached age 19.
(b)	Every man l>orn from 190$ to 1910 (inclusive) who, at July 13th. 1940. was: (i) unmarried; or (ii) divorced or judicially separated; or (iii) a widower without child or children.
‘ (c) Every man Inini from 190$ to 1910 (inclusive) who has. since July 1Ô, 1919. lie come a widower without child or children now living.
(</) Every man horn from 100$ to 1916 (inclusive) w ho. since July 15. 1910. has been divorced or judicially separated.
Men a* descrilied above are covered if in any of tlie<e employments:
(1)	Any occupation in or associated with retail stores;
(2)	Taverns or other establishments selling liquor, wine or beer;
(3)	Barber shops and beauty parlours;
(1) Wholesale florists;
(5) Gasoline-filling and service stations;
((>) Retail sale of motor vehicles and accessories;
(7)	Any occupation in or directly associated with entertainment including lint not restricted to theatres, film agencies, motion picture companies, clubs, howling alleys, pool rooms;
(8)	Any occupation in or directly associated with dyeing, cleaning and pressing (not including laundry work); baths; guide service; shoe shining:
W Any occupation in or directly associated with the manufacturing of feathers, plumes and artificial flowers:	chewing gum:	wine; lace
goods; greeting cards; jewelry;
(10)	Any occupation in or directly associated with distilling alcohol for beverage;
(11)	Any occupation in or directly associated with the factory production of statuary and art goods;
(12)	Any occupation in the operation of ice cream parlours and soda fountains;
(13)	Any of the following occupations: bus hoys; char men and cleaners; custom furriers; dancing teachers; dish washers; domestic servant; doormen and starters; elevator operator; greens keepers: grounds keepers; hotel bell hoy; porters (other than in railway train service); private ehauffqjys; taxi driver; waiter.
If in doubt as to the application of these orders, consult the nearest Employment and Selective Service Office. Hut once agaim if you have not already complied, do so without further delay.
T
will be closed
PUBLIC NOTICE
Province of Quebec.
School Municipality of Clarendon.
Notice for Election of School ~ Commissioners
Public notice is hereby given that there will be held on Monday, the Mb day of July, 194.3, at the hour of ten in the morning in Hynes’ Hall, a meeting of the owners of real estate of this School Municipality entered as such upon the valuation roll, to proceed with the nomination of a School in the room and stead of Commissioner XValsh whose term of office.will then have expi red.
Should an election be necessary it will be held in the same Hall on .Monday. July 12th, commencing at 8 00 o’clock a. m. and continuing to 0.00 o'clock p. m.
Given at Shawvdle. Que, this 17tli «lay of June, 194.3.
Tuesday Night at 10 Saturday Night at 11
Jos. A. Steki.k See Trees
Minutes of Council Onslow North
report to the nearest Employment and
and closed
June 15th, 1943.
A regular meeting of the Municipal Council of North Onslow was held on the above date. Present:	Andrew
Daley, Mayor, and Crs. Young, Firrell, Vallillee and A r m it age
The Secretary certifying that absent Crs. Dagg and Martineau were notified by special notice of the holding of an adjourned meeting to be held June 15, 1943, at one o'clock in the afternoon.
Motion by Crs. Farrell and Armitage, that minutes of April 5th, 1943, May 3rd, 1943, and June 7th, 1943 as read be adopted.
Motion by Crs, Young and Armitage that Nicholas Hearne be paid $9.00 belabour and material on public road in 1942, and that in future any labour or material not authoi ized will not be recognized.
Letter of Henri Des Hosiers, N. P. was presented.
Motion by Crs. Young and Armitage that Andrew Daley, Mayor, and A, Farrell, secretary, be authorized to sign a quit claim deed of any and all claims this township may have on lot 1 C, ltahge 12 of this township to James K McGoff—Carried.
Mr, Ambrose Armstrong appeared at the Board regarding condition or road commonly known asVonner’s lull road.
Motion by Crs. Young and Farrell that James H. Doherty, Rural Inspector be asked to reconsider his resignation and to act for the balance of the term of ( tfice—Carried.
Motion by Crs. Farrell and Vallillee that James H. Doherty, Rural Inspector, be instructed to proceed to road commonly known as Conner’s hill road and report as to cost of tepairing said road or building a purpored diversion, also as to whether A Id fie) cl Municipality is an interested party and report to ibis Council for the July 5th mee’ing-— Carried.
All-day Every Wednesday during the months of JULY and AUGUST
J, A. DEAN Sec-Treas.
?
?
A iT^?lnp ffiot/und an(/ '
¦haberdashery /& and ho
Teachers Wanted
%"
5
Applications will be received by the undersigned up to July 6th, 194.3, for qualified teachers for the Rural Schools of Clarendon. Salary $750.00 for term 1943 44.
N, O, Horner's old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE)
J. A. I'KAN
Sec.Treasurer
Two <|nalitied Protestant teachers, for .Manilani School Corporation. Salary $8000 per month. Duties to commence Sept. 1st, 1943. Apply to
AXGlT3 WALLACE, St c rot ary. Ltscelle?. Quebec,
TIME for REPAIRS
m
Protestant teachers with Elementary nr Intermediate Diplom is, for school term, 1943-44. Minimum salary $80.00 per month. Apply, stating experience and qualifications, to
Lkkjm McCo.nxkll
Sec. Tiens Ayhxin Sc hod I to ird, No. 1
K izub zua, Que.
During the Winter months is the time to look over
and have the necessary repairs made. Materials may be difficult to later in the year.
your equipment
Motion by Crs. Farrell and Vallillee that the following accounts be approved and paid:
Albert Young.......... ...
Patrick Major.............
County rate 1943 ..........
Leo Dolan .................
Insurance on Municipal hall
Joseph Renaud .............
Joseph Renaud..............
James H. Doherty...........
Motion by Crs. Fariell and Young that Andrew Farrell, secretary, be authorized to notify Quyon Molybdenite Co. to remove mill tailings and other obstructions put by them on public road between lots 8 and 9, range 7, of this township, repair all damages done to said road, and close said road m future, have work done within 15 days, otherwise this Council will be forced to take the necessary action to protect this township’s interest and the travelling public—Carried.
Letters of Ste. Marie and Ste. Marie regarding refund of tax of the Matilda M. Macfarlane estate were presented Motion by Crs. Vallillee and Armitage that Andrew Farrell, secretary, be authorized to interview Ste. Marie and Ste. Marie, Advocates, Hull, regarding said refund to Macfarlane estate—Carried.
procure
Protestant teachers holding Quebec Elemental)' Diploma*, for Thome Schools. S ih«r y .*7'» per month Term** commencing Sept l*j, 1943. Ap dly t(
$ 22 00 S 7"
hS 06
14 88
We still have in stock a few articles in
THEO. P.1ŒTZLAFF, L uly « mit h, Qm-.
a
ENAMELWARE
18 00
1 00
1 00
Qualifie»! Protestant teacher f-*r Lower Litchfield .school Duties to commence Sept. 1st, 1943. Salary $75,00 per month Apply to
UEO. A. STEWART, Secretary Bryson, Que
DALE’S TINSHOP
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Protestant Teacher holding Quebec
Elementary Diploma ; salary $750.00 Give references. Apply to
H. 0. WILLS.
Secret ary-T i easu rer Farrell ton. Que.
jf5IESfl3BEl 3T(
^iLTS^,ais/ar2®are/ar2j
For Beautiful
Cemetery Memorials
A 2
Bright Garments, Despite War, Are Now AvaH&bl
While most women like to have * "good black" dress in reserve foi social occasions when they don't quite know how fofpial or informal the event will be, Jewel tones are the stylist’s choice for war-ttoe wear. Colors lift ui out of our doldrums and help us to feel courageous when we have most need for bravery and faith.
According to S. C. Moody, a recognized authority on dyes, American women will be able to indulge in bright, colorful garments, because World War II finds the dye industry with ample supplies of practically all good, fast colors. Only about 10 of the 1,500 different colors made in America are affected by the war, and these are in the olive drab ranges which are used by the government for uniforms. With these exceptions, there is no scarcity of dyestuffs for civilian use, says Mr. Moody.
Thus encouraged, Mrs. America can buy her clothes in gay, cheerful shades. She need not worry, as in 1917-18, that American dyes will fade, or bleed, or run in the washing, provided she washes according to directions for each type of fabric. Many garments are labelled to give the necessary washing information. A good basic rule is to use low water temperatures, not above lukewarm. This is easy to judge, even without a thermometer, bei cause water not above lukewarm feels neither hot nor cold to the wrist.	»
Humphrey Mitchell M initier of Labour
A. M AC N A MARA,
Director, National Selective Service W-7
Refusal by G.S. WaUli to accept office of Appiaiser was presented.
Motion by Crs. Farrell and Vallillee that Everett Steele be appointed an appraiser for this township for the bal a nee of the term of office—Carried.
Motion by Crs. Farrell and Armitage that the Valuation roll be taken up for révisai—Carried.
Motion by Crs. Armitage and Young that the valuation roll be homologated as it now reads, there being some three alterations—Carried
Motion by Crs Farrell and Armitage that A. Martineau be appointed Councillor for the balance of the term of office—Carried.
Moiion by Crs. Farrell and Young that this Council adjourn until July 5th, at one o'clock in the afternoon —Carried.
Write or phone
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
Keep your Buildings in repair with
Gyp-roc Insul brie Masonite Donnaconna
Phone,278
Asphalt Shingles
I
Roll Roofing Building Paper Lime and Cement
ESTABLISHED 1883
Andrew Farrell, -Secretary-Treasurer
Rockwool Insulation
INVALID

5
FARM FOR SALE

:
If
GEO. HYNES & SON
“South View Farm’’ situated in the Wyman section, township of South Onslow, containing 10U acres more or leas; 20 acres good timber: balance under cultivation. For further particu lars apply to
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
i	' * f r J)	<-15.4 * IL *:*' it # - i
V^Shawville Oue.
The Hodgins Lumber Co-
W M. K1LROY Quyon, Que.
Phone 80

###PAGE###5###
• .
WJp
*
1
s

Service Announcements
Look Here

Cbu£d you a/o tfuj
Lurim pHelenr
cheat**. L
|p=|jbpeha/oh.? M
See4ay, J
274.
For Sale, Want*, Found,
Lost, etc.
Shaw vim,ic Unitbd Church
Rrv À. F. Foiee H. A., H D. Pastor
#
11.00 », m—Service it Shaw ville 8.C0 p. ni.—Service at % on 3.30 p. m—Service at Stark'» Cor
WANTED -A good m»n for haying. Highest ways paid. Telephone Shaw, ville, 16-14.
<v
ners.
WANTED — Good second-hand ice At these services the preacher will be refrigerator Cash on delivery. Apply Rev. W. W. Conrad, Richmond, Ont.
at The Equitv. Phone 7»	I 7» P.,«.-Service at Shawrille.
The n.mister will preach
HAY TO SHARE-Clottr *nd alfalfa to cut on share*. Apply to Kknnkth Hoimiin», H, 2, Shawville, phone 18 13.

ANGLICAN
Uev. K. C. IJolton, BA., L.Th.
St. Paul’»
Holy Communion—8.00 a. m. Sunday Schoo'—10.00 a. m. Evening Prayer—7.30 p. in.
HT)Ly Thin it y Sunday School—10 30 a, m. Holy Communion—11.00 a. m.
Sr. Lukes
Evening Prayer— 2.00 p. m.


jf
Litter of Yorkshire A grade litter expected soon
Apply to Bkrt W. Hodoiüi, Shawville, phone 26-13.
FOR SALE
U| iftr.
3
pigs
mi
During the months of
HAY TO SHARE—Almost 40 acres of good Alfalfa, on the e half share. Apply to Gordon Stewart K. 2, Snawville, phone 22 2.
WM
JULY




r
LAWN MOWERS SHARPENED —We can sharpen any make of lawn mower to your satisfaction, Apply to Kmmkkson Riley, Shawville, phone 121
and
AUGUST
N >rth Clarendon Parish Rev. P. U. Stotb in charge
North Onslc.w:—
Holy Communion—10.30 a. m.
I
ii:

/
m
FOR SALE—Viking Cream Separator, capacity 650 lbs per hour, almost new; No. 7 Percival plow, in good condition. " Apply to Frank Tremblay, Wymaa. (jue.	f
%
Charter!
Evening Prayer--2.00 p. in. Thorne Centre	"
Of course, you wouldn't operate	This is only one outstanding feature
your separator in the best room of	of the Renfrew Separator. Others
the house. This is just to impress you	include the low supply tank, ease oi
with the absolute cleanliness of a	operation, close skimming — and
Renfrew. No splashing of oil—no	highest quality and performance at
greasy, insanitary, fly-attracting mixture of oil and milk, making a mess of both machine and floor. The oil essary to the operation of a Renfrew goes in at the top and re-	He is responsible to you and we
mains inside until it is time to	stand behind him and all the Ren-
change it	frew products he sells.
RANGES • HEATERS . WASH-RITES • TRUCK-SCALES • INCUBATORS
Our store will be closed all day
Evening Prayer—1,00 p. m.
PA3TVR XOE—50 and 100 acres on | Greermount the 8th concession of the Township of Bristol. Both pasture* are well fenced and well watered. Apply to W. J.
Luc ah, 208 Slater Street, Ottawa.
Evening Prayer—8.00 p m.
EVERY WEDNESDAY
a reasonable price.
You can buy your Renfrew from the man you know—Renfrew's own representative in your neighborhood.
Clarendon Circuit Rev. N.T. Holme». B.A., B.D. Pastor
Service at Wesley—11,00 a. in. Service at Norman—2.00 p m. Service at It idford—A 30 p. m. Service at A arm—M 00 p m.
FOR SALE— Two Ayrshire grade heifers. 11 months o’d: also 50 acres of choice hay, red clover and a’falf*.
Apply to Karl Dud*, Mary-
In order to give our faithful staff a well-earned holiday and to reduce their exceptionally long work-hour week, we are voluntarily taking this action.
on
share?
land, phone 23 12.
I i It Into L V XIT K1> Ch UHi'H
Liy Minister Mr. Leslie Dzan
M Usions
Sr. Andrew*
10.00 a. tn—Sunday School 1 1.00 a. m.—Se. vi e
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED RENFREW ONT.
ST.JOHNS P.q.
REGINA SASH.
SUSSEX N.B.
FOR SALE—Five year old cow, due to freshen; nrnne young p;gs. Apply to Hknky Ti bman, Weirstead, Que,
LEO R. KEON
Knox
2 1 •"> p m.—Sunday School
3.00	p. rn.—Service
Austin
lo 30 a. in —Sunday School
8.00	p. m—Service
FARM FOR SALE
DISTRICT IŒITŒSENTAT1VE
McKee - Quebec
E
STORE HOURS:
Lot N«>. 4 on 0th concession of the township of North Onslow, being UM) acres heavy clay lour, 30 acres wooded-chieliy elm ; never t illing cMk ; high, went and south aides ; np'endid
Rev. B. V
McLean, of the Bible will apeak at St.
Andiva s aid Ivii-x %wvi<e«.
. 7.30 a. m. to 6.00 p. m, Tuesdays—open until 10.00 p. m. Saturdays—open until 11.00 a. m.
Society. Ottav.
w iy «
dairy farm j brick dwelling with \'ater at door ; good frame outbni.dings in
good repair.
i
App'jr to
Stkiuikn I. Davis
Qiiy«»r», Que.
>
BRAY CHICKS
WANTED
6
Wilson’s Garage

Tt\e Same Reliable Service
Large quantity of
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
JOHN McCREDIE MARYLAND
RAILROAD TIES
Ford Service

Write or telephone
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
gi*e
,0*
J. M. ARGUE
J. P. Wilson
Main Street Shawville Quebec
P’l me tO

I
Only Independent Africa Republic
Reports that American forces are now stationed in Liberia spotlight Africa’s only Independent republic, set amidst Europe’s patchwork of colonies along the coast of West Africa. The Negro republic of Liberia is situated at the strategic "Atlantic Narrows," where the outthrust African continent faces the "bulge" of Brazil, says a National Geographic society bulletin. Up and down the coast, on both sides of Liberia, colonies of France and Great Britain are spaced, while farther along lie dependencies of Portugal and Spain as well Vast French West Africa (Vichy-controlled) stretches back of Liberia along most of its landward borders. The much-discussed Vichy port and base, Dakar, is only about 750 air miles to the northwest.
Vulcanizing
THAT
We have just installed two small Vulcanizers and can now repair minor breaks on your tires and large rips in tubes. Let us attend to all your tire troubles.
Use of Reclaimeo Anuwr For some uses, reclaimed rubber excels crude. It is less absorbent of solvents, for example. * Ideal for heels and soles, belting, etc. It is more easily processed than crude. It may be used as a compounding agent with crude. Can be processed with crude in any proportion and used for many rubber purposes. It can also be used without crude for many goods. The rubber industry has normally used shout one pound of reclaim to three pounds of
mmSmÊKIHtÊÊÊtÊÊÊIÊIÊÊÊÊÊÊÊM
was scarce, 89,000 tons of reclaim was used to 157,000 tons of crude.
HERE'S WHAT TO DO
The Lowest Priced
You can take your fat drippings, scrap fat and bones to your meat dealer. He will pay you the established price tor the dripping and the scrap fat If you wish, you can turn this money over to your local Voluntary Salvage Com nr.ttee or Registered Local
War Charity,
1
4

Nationally Advertised Tooth Brush in Canada
Try a new McCormic-Deering Cream
Separator now
It will put DOLLARS in your pocket
(/¦
/
/
y
Hybrid Seed Corn
I Hybrid com, grown commercially on thousands of farms, is the product of hybrid seed. Hybrid seed is the product of crossing two pure and wholly unrelated lines. (The mule Is a hybrid, the product of crossing the mare and the ass.) The com plant, having both female (silks) and male (tassel) parts, nor-B mally is self-fertilizing, writes Car-g lyle Hodgkin in the Omaha World-51 Herald. To cross two pure lines
g one, the "female" .parent, must B have its own tassels removed. They ÿ emerge not all at once but gradual- |
Estate Mrs, M. C. Howard ? ly over a period of about three
g weeks. This requires going over the Main and Centre StS.fi seed fields daily, again and again, SHAWVILLE } until no more tassels appear on the ,
% “female"
25c I
I
But in 1917, when rubber
You can donate your fat drip-
2
Only
PRO-PH Y-L AO-TIO NYLON
TOOTH BRUSH
your local Voluntary Salvage Committee if they collect them in your community,
/
Hodgins Garage
But Little Real Action
French Somaliland and its all-important city of Djibouti-capital, port and rail terminus—have experienced changing threats but little real action In recent years. Front door for the commerce of Ethiopia, land locked behind it, the French colony kept its garrisons alert when Italian invaders overran Ethiopia in 1935. Late in 1939 France stationed warships and additional troops around Djibouti against the growing threat of Italian troops massed on the colony’s western border.

You can continue k % your Fats and lection by ye

. vd.
such
ing Departn
Chevrolet, Buick, Oldsmobile,
Sales Service
OCMftTMNT Of NATIONAL WAI SERVICES
THE CORNER STORE
MAT#OWA& | A4 V AO I OIVISICW

Phone 64
V/Z
W'ÆStL\
rows.
\ \ N V \ \ N.N.N. WVS.Vy v
•\
m r*

4
.. *4-
¦

i/j

/
###PAGE###6###
?
%
VOICE
OTTAWA REPORTS
PARATROOPS WILL COME FIRST
OVERSEAS
I M E
O F
1
ir:?
*
W&3
That Canadians Appreciate the Necessity of Restriction. Oe Their Present Way of Life
PRESS





FOR THEIR OWN SLAVERY
The Nazi» art* a quear and arro-
They have sent Hen*
385.000,000
' i
Completely unaccustomed to Government regulating ot* rationing in connection with their every - habits and requirement», Canadians have been quick U> realize that existing restrictions
are designed not only to help sliced Victory but to protect their
present and post-war economic
welfare.

t
gant lot mark
crowns, equal to $25 for every
anti child in the
a hill foi
day
wo iv an
an.
country, for constructing antiinvasion fortification» along the Jutland coast|ine. In other words, the Danes are expected to pay stiffly*' for the privilege of re-
German slaves.
—Hamilton Spectator,

$1.00 SENDS 300
"BRITISH CONSOIS", "UGION", " MACDONAIPS MINTHOl", "SCOTCH SUNOS” W "EXPORT"
Ggorehes
*
¦

Instead of spiralling wages being ou taped by spiralling living costa, and a country driving to a devastating era of inflation, ( anwar in a controlled
which we can he re#-

maimtig

\
5

: "
•E BE O.B.E.
the award of the
SMOKHG m
or I lb. t
\
Of course O.B.E. to Colonel Arthur S. Pear-former commander of the
ada wages economy in ftonahly assured that' no one u building up a tainted fortune. A workingman can still buy a suit of clothing, as well—or almost as
well
DAS Y MAIL CICAtem fOSACCO fertpold to
V,
CANADIANS IN UNTO WNOOoîjçiçES.
Troops from the air land behind Axis lines, cut foe's communications. Paratrooj>s come first, seize fields so airborne troops, jeeps, tanks in planes and gliders may land.
Kssex Scottish, had to bring two Yorkshiremen together at the barracks to revive the old story.
Has t ’card about
let
SCOUTING ..
Private A: colonel ?" Corporal B Private 4
a millionaire
THE WAR . WEEK
Commentary on Current Events

“Nth.”
“’e be O.B.E.,
Corporal B: “Oh, be ’e?M
—Windsor Star.
The present scheme of things is arranged through a myriad of orders which are revised from time to time in the light of changing circumstances and admittedly they are hard to remember in any detail. But information is always to be obtained instantly from the proper authority. Here are a few of the more important items affecting particularly dwellers in the rural parts of Canada.
Mr. Chrchill Declares Allied War Effort Is In Its Offensive Phase
“The police are well aware of the results of Roy Scout train-We just don't find Scouts amongst our juvenile offenders/* —Chief of Police Horace K. Me leeae. Saint John, N. R.
be
Ike tfoy? nxK tkank if on j
ing
A GOOD TIP
meut,” h» said, “must be regarded as significant and iu a sense characteristic of German psychology generally after Jena and after the last war/'
"But uo undue expectations should he placed on It.” the Prime Minister continued, "We prepared to win this war by hard fighting and If necessary by hard fighting alone."
11.	Only 6:18 persons escaped of
the Axis forces which surrendered In Tunisia.	*
Huns' Greatest Disasters
12.	Stalingrad and Tunisia were the greatest military * disasters that every befell Germany. “There is no doubt from the statements of the captured generals that Hitler expected the Tunisian army would hold out, at least until August."
13.	The ‘‘greatest battles' appear to he impending on the Russian front, where the Germans have massed 190 Nazi and 28 satellite divisions.
14.	"Taking some of the weight off Russia and giving more speedy and effective aid to China . . . are never absent for one moment from our thoughts and aims." He expressed regrets that no recent conference had yet been arranged with Marshal Stalin.
15.	"The might of America is deployed far over the Pacific and is laying an ever stronger grip on the outlying defences of Japan and otfertng every moment to the Japanese fleet the supreme challenge of sea power."
16.	That no pressure was exerted to bring the French together. but they had been watched
vigilantly" in the light of Brltlsh-American interests and the wellbeing of the armies in North Africa.
Prime Minister Winston Churchill told the House of C ommons lata week, in a review of his conferences in Washington and North Africa, that invasion on i large scale is imminent, that the U-boats are now being destroyed faster than they are being built, and that the aim of the Allies is “complete destruction of our foes by bombing from the air. in addition to all other means '
The Prime Minister assorted that the "mellow light of victory”, already had begun to play on the Allies and blasted any hopes that either Italy or Germany might have of negotiating a peace.
"Those guilty of trumpeting the glories of war at the beginning may well be extolling the virtues of peace at the end, and it would not he right that those who fixed on their own terms the moment for beginning wars should also fix on their own terms the moment for ending them ' lie said.
Operations Impending
He cryptically referred to operations "now impending" in the European theatre as lining co ordinal* d with those from North Africa, thus pointing up the possibility that the Axis will face attacks on its European citadel from the north and west a* well a* from the south,
The plans completed during last week's conferences In North Africa between himself, US. Chief of Staff Gen. George C. Marshall, British Chief of Staff Gen. Sir Alan Brooke and other top Allied commanders call for tlia application upon the enemy of "force In its most intense and violent form", Churchill said.
He could give no guarantee "any more than I have in the past a» to what will happen” in the impending operations, but he described Allied prospects as "brighter and solid.”
that it has
broodeea, as wall as pump jack» and wood well pomps.
Quotas on farm equipment have been increased substantially in such items aa milking machine», which are up 100 per cent, in their quotas from last year, for both domestic and imported types; cream
creased by one-third and substan* tial increases have been made in haying equipment and equipment necessary in handling feed cro|wk
Japan announces | | MÊÊfÊÊ punished British and American service men in the Philippine* for
Maybe we
Fourteen institutions in Ixm-don, Ontario, including hospitals and orphanages, benefited through the annual Faster Egg hunt staged by the Wolf Cube of the city. The boys collected 1,031 dozen eggs, an over
ter Egg hunt has been a civic “good turn" of the Ixmdon Wolf Cube for ten years.
civilians
posing as should p'inieh the Japs for posing as human beings.
—Stratford Beacon Herald.
By applying Vo their local ration
boards, rural dwellers can secure
extra supplies of rationed modules when they serve 12 meals
to temporary help. Appli-
should state specific
increase of 427 dozen the hunt in 1942. This Haa-
SANTA CLAUS IN WAR In the far north of the Bus-front, reindeer are hauling
com-
separators have been m-
or more cations
nature of the work, number of workers, number of days employed, and total number of meals served.
eian
bombs, gasoline and other supplies
to the airdrome»
Santa Claus.
—St. Thomas Time» Journal
So there is a
The highest award in Scouting in the British Empire has been to Chief Justice J. B. M.

Purchase permits may be secured from any dealer ir. farm machinery and equipment.
Barbed wire fencnig will be increased by about 86,265 reels, as a result of an increase in available raw material.
With the lifting of all restrictions on the manufacture and sale of wooden beehives and other equipment used in the production of honey and beeswax, production is now limited only by the mato-rials manufacturers have o# hand.
given
Baxter of New Brunswick by the Chief Scout for Canada, the Earl of Athlone. Chief Justice Baxter lias been associated with the Scout Movement for a great many is president of the New
“STOUT FIGHTERS"
An army general refers to in uniform as
There’s only a slim
Responsibility for canning sugar distribution in local areas hni been left entirely in the hands of local ration boards. The sugar administration has been able to make availab# for preserving 100,000,000 pounds which was purchased las-t year
under the voucher system.
A recent new order on farm machinery provides an overall increase in quotas of farm machinery of between 10 and 15 per cent., aa well as increasing the quota for repair parte for sale in Canada from 150 per cent, to 165 cent, of 1940 sales of such A considerable li.it of farm equipment has now been exempted from all ration restrictions.
see
The exemptions are aimed at facilitating increased production of food crops and include such items as milk cooler units, small incubators, wheel barrows, elec* trie fence controllers, permitting greater use of the single-wire electric fence in handling livestock; hay forks, slings and attachment», hand-operated seeders, cultivators and weeders, and chick
“stout
women
ire. ’"Illlll llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
chance that they’ll take it as a
compliment.—Ottawa Citizen.
years, ¦¦)¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
Brunswick Association, and a member of the Canadian General Council of the Boy Scouts.
WAR ON HOME FRONT
War is also imminent between the woman who pfcms s good garden and the one who owns the big dog down the street.
—Guelph Mercury.
the same amount
W. J. Langston, President of Canada Iron Foundries at Three Rivers, Quebec, utilized an unique method of commemorating the lives of employees of the company who had given their lives in the war
eat memorial to them would be to produce better citizens, Mr. Langston forwarded a check for $150 to the Boy Scouts of the town to purchase necessary equipment for their training program.
DESCENDING SPIRAL
The more we think of the Nazis
we think
Farmers are classed as cawoiW tial users in the urn of small anna ammunitions.
No >ne may purchase a new electric stove unlees for use in a building where there are no facilities for operation of a gas, coal or wood range for cooking, or unless the stove is required to replace one which cannot be made serviceable by replacing damaged parts.
Retail maximum prices have been set for rebuilt models of metal beds and springs.
The price of new potatoes nvuefc not exceed the lawful ceiling prices for Canada Tfo. 1 Grade
potatoes.
and the Japs, the 1 of them!—Kitchener Record
Believing that the fin-
per
parts
EDUCATIONAL
Cultivate a Victory garden and learn all about the bugs
—Edmonton Journal
«
British Envelope
Re-used 64 Times
Suffering two broken arms in an air raid in Great Britain, Canadian fire-fighter Robert Downie of Hamilton arrived back in Canada recently. Downie was active a Cufbinaster in Hamilton prior to enlistment, and while in England associated himself with Scout Troops there to Canada he visited each of the four “Blitz” Scouts who toured Canada last summer.
Other Items of Interest In Letter From Britain
The City of Birmingham, third largest in England, plans a 8400,000,000 post-war housing development
gional Reconstruction Committee Has a scheme calling for a whole of “Greenbelts” on its out-
Before returning
Climax of Discussion Mr. Churchill's speech marks the climax of a discussion of 1o« vision plans that has dominated the British press for weeks. It was supported by the numerous military conferences In both Wash-1 iiigton and North Africa, by the massing ôf troops and transports In both Great Britain and the Mediterranean area, by the intensified air bombardment of Germany and especially of the Italian Islands and ports, and most particularly by the arrival of the fighting season which makes some kind of action inevitable. The British commando raid on the tiny Island of Lampedusa about 70 miles off the Tunisian coast, reported by the Axis, which may have been a first attempt to test the Italian Island defenses, is merely part of a generâl pattern that has been woven by the Allies for some time.
And the London Re-
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
Highlights of Speech
Highlights of hts 6,000 wohI speech included:
1.	Britain, the British Dominions. the United States and Russia are determined that “nothing will turn us from our endeavor and intention to accomplish the complete destruction of our foes by bombing from the air in addition to all other means.*'
2.	The air war will grow In weight and severity. “The enemy who thought that air would be their weapon of victory are now finding in It the first cause of their ruin."
3.	Complete agreement has been reached by the United States and Britain on the “forward steps” to he taken.
4 May was the best month In the Battle of the Atlantic since the United States entered the war with U-boat destruction exceeding U-boat construction and Allied shipping losses dropping to less than one for every three tons built.
aerie*
Balloon Barrage ‘Beds’ Made Daily

»kirts
So reports Lee McCardell in his London letter to The Baltimore Sun. Other items of interest he sends include:
British Army pay sheets now # travel to the Middle East by airgraph.
An envelope which has been reused 64 times In accordance with a campaign to save paper, is now on public exhibition.
Up to last June nearly 20,000,000 civilians in Great Britain had changed places of residence since th> war began.
Ophthalmic surgeons say the nation’s eyesight is deteriorating, due to the bad lighting of enforced blackout, which will make Britain a land of headaches and spectacles.
West End restaurants and hotels are to be restricted to two pounds of fish lor every hundred main meals served.
Checked, striped and pastel shades of wood pulp fabric will be a novelty of London’s spring fashions.
There i* an impending shortage of wedding rings.
2


Z
Z
Women's Auxiliary Air Force Gradually Taking Over Job


%
Britain's Imrrage balloons are moored to their “bed*” for the duration, and so are their ere we, who must be on watch 24 hours a iky, relates Britain Magazine. Every morning the “beds” muet be made. This means oiling the cables and generally checking up. The winch must be cleaned and started up, and the “purity test*' must be made with a meter which register* the amount of oxygen mixed with the gas. Too much oxygen can explosion, carefully examined for punctures, and any hole* must be mended. Picket duty is very important, for a balloon might suddenly leave its mooring» and go up.
Member* of the Women’s Auxiliary Air Force are gradually taking over this job, except on island sites where the balloons are water-borne. A full crew consista of 16 WAAPa, hut there must never be fewer than nine on duty.
0
9
r/7


/
y
(
y
%



t

The Word “Nazi”
.cause a dangerous The fabric must be

•>)
Much that we admire In the English is symbolized in the way Winston Churchill pronounces the word “Nazi.” In contrast to the careful, cultured, and somewhat respectful “No-tzy” of the radio announcers, his “Naazzy” is a simple snarl of derision, implying that it’s impossible for a plain man to get the hang of any such foreign world and in this instance, certainly not worth the trouble.—The New Yorker.
<?

5.	The first week of June, so far as U-boats are concerned, has been the best ever.
6.	When Germany loses hope of victory through her submarines. the Reich may suddenly collapse, hut “do not let us build on such deductions.”
Axis Lost 298,000 Men
7.	The Axis lost 248.000 troops captured and 60,000 killed In Tunisia and more than half of them were Germans.
8 The U.8. 2nd Uorps alone cap'ured .37,000 prisoners; 3.1.000 of them Germans.
9.	The British 8th Army suffered 11.600 casualties from the time It crossed the Tripoli tanUn frontier Into Tunisia until the final conquest, while the British 1st Army suffered 23.500 casualties. The killed, wounded and missing of both armies during the cam paign totalled about 35.000 men.
10.	The sentiment of German prisoners captured in Tunisia wa* like that of prisoners after the First Great War and after the battle of Jena, on Oct. 14, 1806, when Napoleon defeated the Prussian*.
“The suddenness of the collapse of these great numbers of brave and skillful fighting men with •very form of excellent equip-

III t

• t
lit


-'u

Gasoline curtailment has shrunk the 3,000,000 private par licensee of pre-war Britain to 250,000.

• . The ball's «till there!**
“That # your wrist watch, Mr. Webb

By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—A Handy Man
/
THERE OUGHT TO BE A
TRAFFIC POLICEMAN OR A LIGHT HERE.' THIS IS .
3n TERRIBLE J
r JEST A MINIT, 1 LADIES-l THINK I CAN ASSIST YA'
/ l NEVER SAW SO
V	MUCH TRAFFIC.' / IT'S IMPOSSIBLE ( TO CROSS THE
V	STREET ! <
***•>«»OtOOK





pAU«5r
?

7
x
*
r
N

li»X.
^ ê
f *.# BN	AM rtâfrU fWHfi
13-9

###PAGE###7###
%
miElSSL I BOMBS TONIGHT?
"Your fault!" panted Dolores, Dickie closed her fingers on the boat's keel.
"Mercy on us! make that out?”
"Bringing me back by water instead of ashore." Then she began to cry in a purely feminine way, because it would be difficult to explain her drenched clothing to her parents, and because she had been frightened more than once that evening.
amous for flavour since *892 the ‘Salada’ name assures you of a uniform blend of quality teas.
i
Ë
how do you
Instructions Issued To AW British Service Canteens

FF

For their guidance, a booklet, complete with diagram* and photographe, ham been Issued to the staff* of Army, Navy and Air Force Institute* Instructing them how to brew tea to the best advaptage.
It Is pointed out that If one gallon of tea were wasted each day, through overmaking, in every NAAFI canteen, there would be a total wastage In a year, not counting fuel, over the whole organization of more than 50.000,000 cup* of tea. and that this Is equivalent to £260,000 in cash.
Kmphaala Is placed on the vital necessity of cleanliness and the proper handling of equipment for the production of fhe ideal cup of tea. The positive side of the question la urged In practical style.
• The tea leaf". It Is stated, "only yields Its best when It Is subjected to water at boiling point—that Is, bubbling fiercely. Bolling Just means bubbling up—aeration—and freshly boiling water captures this aeration at Its height and makes the best of tea.
"The length of time allowed for Infusion Is a very Important factor in teamaking. Anything less than five minutes means that a large proportion of the goodness of the tea will be thrown away while the tea itself will be weak. Adding new tea to an old brew is Just as bad as putting new wine Into old bottles, particular if the tea has already been milked.”


A

%
C
"You’d better trust to me and let me swim you ashore,” advised D o; but was saved that extra labour by the creek and grind of approaching oars. The boatman was yelling frenzicdly. It was a woman's voice that replied; a woman's hands were the nearing paddles.
/
lugubrious comment. "The British Consul, plus Don Enrico’s daughter, spend a night in jaill The Plena* will make hot copy out of that, my silly young angel!”
He thought herd, remembered a negligible alley running to the harbour; if he could get her tx> the waterfront all might still be well. As it chanced, it proved a narrow squeak. As they emerged on a half-rotting pier giving on backwater, a vigilante in a hurry challenged crsiply, the rattle of his rifle soundnig simultaneously with his coll.
KING HIGGINS



MH
bu3y with Miguel’s
mother, no less, returning from expedition to the Hiyatelsn
9

By

CAPTAIN FRANK H. SHAW

an

Lafailette flung up a hand to compel silence. He cried in his incredibly penetrating voice:
"When Callano speaks, then Destiny fulfils itself!”
"When Callano Speaks !” prom-wed to be the slogan of the new Freedom movement apparently; the phrase was repeated in alter-in flex ions; glances were interchanges.
Then a voice yelled: "Take care —the soldiers!” Already a dozen individual fights were in progress the can tens floor; a knife had whipped from it* sheath here, a bottle cracked on a man's head there. lAfallette and Dolores appeared to be the central swirl of a hurrying whirlpool; and Dickie thought he saw fear grow in the girl’s face.
A flying wedge of tatterdemalions bored through the milling mob, formed around La f ailette— impromptu bodyguard. There were cries to him to save himself. Suddenly Dickie would-be Dicta to rjjjjl away in the middle of a phalanx;
left, white-faced,
alone, fairly in the middle of the wildcat commotion.
He made a Hugger charge through the pack, reached her; caught her around the waist.
"You deserve a thoroughly good spanking!” he said. "If you don't want to disgrace your family, come out of this!”
N|\y.
Her boat’s bow was piled with empty laundry baskets and full bundles.
to this providential ark, with difficulty helped her into safety, the boatman imperilled all hands by frantic efforts to right his own craft; succeeded, and, collecting hia ears, rowed savagely away, •pitting maledictions.
"And how is the small Miguel?” Dickie asked, once normality waa restored.
é
'V.

I*
Jk
? • s

*

Dickie swam Dolores
*

» i

s.

5^

TOY HOUSES, darts tor bombs! A R P. workers study models like these, to be ready if real bombs come. They’re out training all hours . . . come in hungry.
Man, that flavour of Kellogg’s Com Flake# hits the spot when I get home !” says Cecil Fiddy (centre). Hits the spot with 4 out of 5 housewives in Canada, too. And they’re ready in 30 seconds, leave mo pots and pans to wash. Get some tomorrow. Two convenient sizes. Made by Kellogg's in London, Canada.
i
æ



"We’ve to act!” whispered Dickie, and removed hi» hat. He tucked Dolores’ reluctant hand under hie arm, etrolW towards the officer.
"The English Consul," he said in a conspiratorial way. "Enjoying the evening air and the stars, my friend!” The meaning chuckle that answered almost set hi* blood boiling in hi* veins.
"There nre no stars. Excellency, but what do stars matter?” clucked the vigilante, bringing hi» rifle to the present. "To lover* the stars are always bright.”
"It’ll be shorter to go by boat,” Dickie said to hii companion, whose hand was indignantly snatched from hk clasp the moment his pressure was relaxed. "And safer—for you,” he added significantly. He hailed the water; presently an oar splashed, a boat crawled alongside.
"I feel I am beginning to Hate you, Mr. Higgins,” Dolores said frigidly.
"Because I’ve found you out in a bit of priceless foolery ?” he Exactly how he contrived to	snapped. "What would have hap-
extricate Dolores from the tumult,	pened to you if I hadn’t been on
Dickie Higgins never quite knew.	the spot, I’d like to ask? As for
Apart fro nr. the wtirring factions	that play-acting popinjay
there was this question of the	“He's a hero!” she flashed
entering police patrol ; and tor	back. Since she had called him
such an organization to discover	«Mr. Higgins” and it smarted, he
the accredited representative of	yejt no particular wish to spare
Hls Majesty the King of England her fouling».	s'
* mileu was unthinkable;	“A mighty synthetic w»e*T’ he
national prektige was at stake.	snapped. "You can’f take a man
He bad	of rush* { -frier L#r"bfr1busiyl" What right
tag tor behind the	where
battles' were already crashing; from tfwb shelve», and mtrrore splintering; of demanding of the wvbbling-cheeked padrone a means of exit; of clambering and dragging the girl down steep steps into a cellar that sUink most vilely of stale liquor, rotten vegetables and other exile such a» Central American cellars appear to harbour; of blundering over casks and cases until he found a grating which was negotiable; and then he had her out in a pestifer-alleyway where comparative quiet reigned though sounds of excited battle reached hie ears over the loxv housetops.
"That imp of Satan, Excellency, still frets in his fever,” was him mother’s breathless reply. "But he la out of mischief, for which 1 praise the saints. Always he exclaims his disgust that he missed the fiesta.”


9*
\

Senora Fuentes avoided the Mole, where many strollers still moved under the arc lights, and landed thenmin a small dilapidated dock. Dickie offered money — drenched it was, through his immersion, but Senora Fuentes refused it with proper pride. It was, she declared, the least one could do to assist a cavallero who had so consistently benefited her son, to say nothing of herself ; for she did all the Consulate’s washing.
"It might ease matters for you,” he said, "if I accompanied to tell the necessary lies.”


Letters To Soldiers Are Added Armor
an

saw that the warn - hurried
TABLE TALKS
It* i.ot an easy thing to write a cheerful letter always. War Isn’t easy, any of It, for anyone.
But letters from home are important. They *.re more than just pieces of paper with words on them. A letter can bring hope and courage or leave a feeling of depression and concern. The man who goes into battle with a troubled thought because of such a message is handicapped. He needs the freedom of all his faculties for his own good, and for the good of his comrades. A cheerful T letter can give bin that freedom I —that added armor of an unI burdened heart.
I —Christian Science Monitor.
STOMACH MISERY
and Dolores w
Tbew tvWerles vit* this	m *W*I*
SADIE B. CHAMBERS
«aluable inlormstiee wbiell	• W*m»f
One #• *•
t* eOwfi after year* ef ailwry
yeateet baaam Siseewerie*. ea elUetlv* *ai
Ne wediiiae. M« eiaieto diet
MORE ABOUT RATIONING
Well, how about your meat rationing? I think you will agree that it is not so bad, except perhaps for those who are excessive meat eaters, and their health may bo better with less meat. However, one of the problems confronting nearly everyone is that the meats not Rationed are ho hard to obtain. Therefore it is advisable to stretch these meats as much as possible. The follow in:: recipe for liver will do this for you and as well provide a little variety.

ienseeslve.
ttailebie to *#y Heme. Owtfb bwtflM. »*«"•-Ibeewi artiee w#aà 8t»**eh âlmtot •¦-
beliewAle. mler** i#«1 *#'#&(	wtmhfy.
Aéértft P.0. Bci 263, V»*»«.wr. B. v.
you
sterile Jars. Prepare the rhubarb in the same way, but this time cook rhubarb for ten minutes. Then place in Jars and proems for 15 minutes. Here, again, can he added when your permits.
(Continued Next Week)
#
$
#
East Coast Within Nazi Bomber Range
jgar
pply

»»»
Baked Rhubarb
Rhubarb requires )e*s sugar when baked. Prepare as for stewing, using one half the amount of sugar to that of rhubarb. Hake in a. slow oven until U >8 reduced to a soft red pulp.
One ring knows how to get planes here, Henry J. Taylor writes in The American Mercury. When it is over, we are not likely to know exactly how it was done —any more than the Jape knew exactly how Doolittle and his boys managed the job.
A squadron can hop from Ger-to the barren stretches of
BRINGING THE APRON UP TO DATE
Liver Patties
1 lb. pork liver *4 cup chopped onions 14 cup chopped celery
1 egK
1 teaspoon Fait 14 cup dry bread crumbs
3 tablfspoons of fat or equivalent
Place liver in hot water for 10 minutes and grind coarsely, with onion, egg. salt and breadcrumbs. Form into 8 small patties. Brown in fat and serve on platter with a center of rice and green peas.
v? c
Rhubarb Meringue Pie
8 stalks rhubarb
V
has he to come here and make mischief ‘ Undoing the work of
Flour
ZJ %
1	cup sugar 14 cup water
2	egg whites
1 tablespoon sugar for meringue Line a pie pan with plain pastry. Cut the rhubarb into pieces Mix flour and sugar and sprinkle the rhubarb. It Is beet to sprinkle the
pan w a üttîs
many
Labrador, let ua say, with the greatest of ease. From such a hiding place it could come down along our seaboard, drop its load of explosives, and return, trip is readily within Nazi bomber
t
r
yea

"To do better work,” was Dolores’ retort.
% \r
ft
g
/
*
JE
fix
¦

fm\\\
"Ut’s get going,” suggested Dickie, and, although she was resistant, helped her into the smelly boat, which had recently returned from a fishing trip by the olfactory evidence. It was useless to argue with a one-idea-ed woman, he felt, almost shivering with exasperation.
"It is simply that you are jealous of anyone venturing on your territory,” Dolores said, as she perched on an uncomfortable plank in the boat’s stern.
"If women could only see beyond their own selfish noses life would be simplified,” was his ante that. They spoke Eng-
Such a
<?
1
1
range.
Both the Graf Zeppelin and the Hindenbirg in their day surveyed and charted the air currents around Labrador and the Germans
had weither «tâtions in the Far North continuously until expelled by American and Canadian forces.
bottom of V flour before adding rhubarb.
Liver Pie
Combine a tin of vegetable soup with V* cup flour. Cover bottom , of casserole with % lb. sliced liver sausage. Add soup and additional lb. of sausage In alternate layers. Add %/ cup water. Cover with 3 cups well seasoned mashed potatoes and brown.
Canned Rhubarb
Did you ever try canning rhubarb without sugar? The first way rhubarb can be kept quite well Is by covering with cold water. Be sure of two things: that the rhubarb is# thoroughly washed and that your jars are sterile.
Cut the rhubarb up into uniform aisfed cubes, place in sterile Jar filled with cold water and rt*l i tightly. This will keep for months or until you have saved some more sugar from your regular sup-
Place in oven and took until rhubarb is broken up. Cover with meringue and brown.
MiM VhumlM*r* *%eloom*o pfMunal letter» from Interested render». Mi© I» iilenftfd to reeelte wuRg;e»tl«ne oa tuple» for her column. nod I» •Iway* rendy to Metro to your y pee* e»/* lte«iue»t» for reel * per I nl menu» ore I» your letter» to	-
Chamber», 7* Wwp A Toronto.N
OU 8

Children In Quebec Must Go To School
r. AM
R.
•o4ie
laldv
"Oh, Den Dickie!” panted Do-lore», her i.ands over her ears.
"You silly litUe fool!” he threw at her startled face. '‘Can’t you the trouble you’re making for yourself and everybody?”
She refused to be dominated; he felt her stiffen in his hold.
"Let me go*! won’t b*-#o&W,' she declaimed.	^ -
"You’ll do exactly as yatfre told to do,” he replied to tftat. "As if there wasn’t enough ^rouble without you piling up more
st-
rod Stomp
elepé If y
Thousands of children of school age in Montreal and throughout the Province of Quebec will now under the new law which
rrply.
swer
lish, which the saturnine boatman did not understand; they could talk in privacy. "One good thing —Lafallette won’t be allowed to much longer. They shoot
!
Sunflower Oii Seed
eee
m
come
makes education for children compulsory in Quebec Province.
The passage of this law, which goes into effect on July 1, new bridges the gap between all the provinc
tional needs of juveniles. Free ittslroction throughout the provinces will he eflxpad standard.
The new law makes school attendance mandatory for all those under 14 yearn of age. It was given royal assent by the Lieutenant-Governor of the Province of Quebec^Maj.-Gen. Sir Eugene Fiset, on May 26, after *60 years
of agitation by advocates of education for the young.
Oil obtained from sunflower seed is regarded as one of the finest edible oils. It is expected that about 17% million pounds of oil will be produced from sunflowers grown in Western Canada in 1943.
• #»
go on________________________________¦
mad dogs, even out here!” said the Consul. The boatman suddenly swung to avoid a moored lancha, the boat, caught by a tide-rip, heeled fiercely, and, as slipped down the pkal, capsized-. * The water was warm and tffeless. Dickie grasped at the gfrf as her hands w-ent up, caught her, swam with her to the overturned boat.
/
V
concerning the educa-
SR
Dolores
»
ISSUE No. 25—43
ply.
F
The second way:	remember
about clean rhubarb and clean and
it
fled past In haste, crying that the
streets wm* being picket'd.
"Here’s a mess!” was Dickies
2755
Xhtfwm otm wCk
MALI	^
APP'.IQUC. MKIUPCP

By Louise Lennox There are no more contrary Marys this year; if they’re digging in the garden they' much in. earnest, and they want the right duds to dig in. Here's an apron as practical as it is colorful. Big pockets for toting i tools, little pockets to hold your seeds,, are dressed up in vivid appliques; or you can make it of work a day denim. For the Vic-ga vden apron, order No. For Kitchen Police, make •
I
I5t
Empire’s Casualties Since War’s Start
re very
PLUS TAX OR TAXES


The British Empire has suffered 514.993 casualties in all
ranks of Empire armed forces in the first three years of war, Deputy Prime Minister Clement Attlef told Commons recently.
Mr. Attlee said 92,082 had been killed; 226,719 are missing; 107,891 are prisoners of war and 88,294 were wounded.
The casualties as distributed among Empire forces, were listed h u
Canada, 10,422; Australia, 53,959;
New Zealand,
Africa. 2,615;
Colonies, 30,829.
He gave Canada's total as comprised of 3,142 killed, 2,058 miss-1,357 wounded and 3,865 ta’.:en prisoners, eluded those who died of wounds or injuries.
)
I
A
Jl
\

y
\
tory
2755.	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
No. 3047.	I
Style No. 3047 is designed for , «nail, medium, and large sizes. ‘ Medium size requires 2% yards 35-inch fabric with 5 yards ric
m
3 Pads only

x
io<
rac.	' >.
Style No. 2755 is designed for small, medium and .large sizes. Medium size requires 1% yards 35-inch fabric with hi yard of the darker and % yard of the Igihter fabric for applique.
Send TWENTY CENTS for PATTERN to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 Adelaide St. West,
Write YOUR NAME, ADDRESS AND STYLE NUMBER.
SIZE YOU WISH.
United Kingdom. 275,844;

i

sm

19,345; South India, 101,979;

m

J


(20c)



ing,
Toronto.
The killed in-
IS I
HE SURE TO STATE
A





?



###PAGE###8###
#
> •
l

individual shareholders own Canada’s Chartered Banks. The average holding is 28 shares. Most of these shareholders are Canadians.
*>V	^
?







YW(
# # n
m •
-• V

%
r»





NATIONAU
CANADA
'k»in»*t«r
The wide distribution of bank ownership is indicated by the fact that 36,574 individuals, living in all parts of Canada, hold shares in the Chartered Banks of Canada. Of the remaining shareholders, 8,987 live elsewhere in the British Empire.
Some further facts about Canada’s Banks:
going to the bank to withdraw his savings can get his money. Banks, like any other business, exist because they provide service which a community needs and Is willing to pay for at a rate which will yield a reasonable return.
JP

CANADIAN
' - -
'ub

^the_tto-nu»n

iu1oV:-m-x
n slmpll* minlBun,
I
I
the
taxpay«rs
[1942 Income
I
Û
There arc 4,369,740 savings deposit accounts in the Chartered Banks of Canada, averaging $391 each. Safeguarding the funds of depositors is a primary function of commercial banking. Banks keep themselves in such a position that anybody
Every day, bank loons ore helping Canadians in all walks of Ufa and m
all parts of Canada to profit from their individual enterprise and industry,
1
“el s°'£V«Vl
?
that Canadians
strugB16*^.
of time
Tax' dollars
present
future peace
dollars.
They;
x The Income
-
in our in our
fighting
and
ere » 1»«‘«.»» [dollars.
..'..Victory,
are

Tax
Income
IS taxed in a
[person *
[to pay*.
b* P»!4) is not a sin
- » -
the income Tax
1 also tno*
There
the costs that
half
THE CHARTERED BANKS OF CANADA
r Almost
; by taxes.
! pleasant burden.
ear. Canadians'
that to fulfil their and to the same un have gone
I too*

but
shoulder^
heatablej
irj
to
,ilUQ6
the price
,1th
are

from our
f the
Brit*
.M i i 1er. u 1m *|K>ke
every A iy 1 te i:i
by Mrs customs of i-!i Oui ms.
A l»U.»»-iUiT I v:lf 'V “ "I t lie even
Hu [>1 *¦ se i ill*: ut -t KltC t
'. M i-- K ni h I*» it« hunt 1 i vr thankst

Mrs. Samuel C. McDowell Died at Ottawa
i )
who
their
spirit shores^
LISTEN TO
COUNTRY NEWS
Each Sunday at 2 p, m.
C F R B — 860 on Your Dial
shown
to
\
as


Jemima <-i lliv
On Sunday moi tmtg Km ni i Me Do .veil, w idnw lute Kcv. Swim 1 V. Md) o\ died Ht the home of ii-ji_ -on iu-l m , Daniel O'Gornmn, l^h King hi j ward Avenue, Ottawa, at the nge of 81 year*».
She w i« born in Chv emlon town ship a few miles from Sim w ville, and spent her tar y life in thi- ctv tion, She was the daughter »»f t lie late Mr. and Mis Samuel McDowell, and was manied in ISSU-to Samuel McDowell. They lived in Vancouver,
I #
ui/ xn
i hi hle-e*
Who lliti »g y vu the leathering
prog run) was intei ~p"ised after which refresh wm h mm vnl and a social i

It
• • • i
t )

Items from Th K KijriTY ami other Canadian weeklies
The
with mti*icv
mei.t*
hour of renew iig li lendwti* enj >yed.
national Revenu*.
of
Minister
>
Sprinkle With Sugar After Rubbing
It has been said that turkey, duck chicken can have a glossy coat
Dynamite Helps Make Food
Because of dynamite, American there’s a sprinkling of sugar after
BBifi *bi tom
their home at Morin Height-. tj.ie.. vvhlch has not been in cultivation piy, now vvUl it? You may like it. ami Ru ville, North Gower, 1 c of poor drainage.
Metcalfe, Roblin and South Moun- ! tural explosive experts point out tain, in Ontario. In the h-t place, that dynamite is less expensive and her husband had to retire from far more available for use in ex the ministry due to ill health, and ! cavatir.g ditches than are labor, they came to live in Shaw ville power shovels, shovel teeth, truck about 10*2.*), where her husband bodies, ar.d replacement parts for died about four year- ago.	1 manpower-using equipment. To
Surviving ht-r are one daughter, j blast a given length of ditch, only Mrs. Daniel O'Gurman. ol Ottawa: enoftgh manpower and time are three grandchildren, Hilly, Joan noecjecj to make the * holes and and Garry, of Ottawa, and two p]ace the cartridges. Stumps, bnul-sisters, Mrs. Frank Armstrong, ol Shaw ville, and Mrs. Thomas J Wilson, of Mryivmne, Sn-k.	!
The remain- were brought from Ottawa on «Sunday ami rested at the home rtf lier si-t'M*, Mr-, Frank Armstrong on Main Street, from ; where tney funeral Tuesday afternoon to Shaw ville Holme-s Movement Church. The service was conducted by the Gen eral Superintendent of the Chin ch,
^ta:onpuZLÆdc'"C! '42 State Tax Collection.
Interment ’ was made in Maple isiana beginning September 1 brings Show Significant Change!
^ tax coMcUo. «gu.. for
Administrators reported.	lof2 show significant changes in the
Revenue from the Louisiana tax, relative importance of various types which was passed by a special legis- ^evies 88 .a result of war condi-
The June meeting of Wyman Jative session, probably will be ll(YSe	LT
Women’s Institute was held at the used for schools, hospitals and gen- Co.icctions, also, total^ the highest home ot Mis. Stephens when n eral relief, according to the gover- ^ have ever been—$4,^20,000,000 very pleasant evening was spent nor’s message asking its enactment. : 1 t,scnl years ending in 1042. by a huge number of members Louisiana previously had a state This total is 9.4 per cent more than nn4 Kuest-.	sales and use tax but abandoned it ^***1 collections, 16.8 per cent higher
The president, Miss 1 ittchard, ^	than those of 1940, and 24.7 per cent
presided, asM-ted by Mrs.	Mac-, The	new tax fa]ls	on ,U retail	*ver 1939.
Keclune, acting as secretary.	gales,	or on the use,	consumption,	This year	payroll taxes replaced
Eiiü
KiriS s sursit:
Iëliu, England, expressing thanks the farm, gasoline, steam, ordi- m sixth place. Deciease m automo-for boxes and gulden seed- sent by nary water, newspapers, electric bile navel late in the fiscal year the branch.	power,	natural gas and soft drinks, was reflected in the .09 per cent
Another letter was presented In New Orleans, which has a mu- decline in motor fuel receipts and regarding the work accomplished nicipal sales tax of 2 per cent, a the 3.9 per cent drop in motor ve-by the British Children's War Sei •, “joint bracket” of collection has hide license collections, vice Fund and the sum of $8 00 been adopted, which brings the tax Sales taxes amounted to 13 per was donated again this year "to to three cents on a dollar on articles cent of all state collections this year, this object.	taxed by both juridictions. Two- contributing the third largest por-
A report of the Blood Donors’ thirds of the revenues in this case lion of tho total. Income taxes con-Clinic recently held at Quyon,	was	to	the city and one-third to the	tributed 10.6	per cent, business and
given by Mrs. Hutchison.	Tin*	state	-	occupational	licenses 10 per cent,
SL5 il K.nsfÆ
R N., is deeply appreciated.	Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colo- vious three years. Property and
The réport of the County von* rad0, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kam- inheritance tax collections, on the vention, held at Bristol, was sas Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, other hand, have declined in rela-given and a committee was ap ^ew Mexico, North Carolina, North tive importance—the former from pointed to make arrangements for Dakota Ohio, Oklahoma, South Da- 6.3 per cent in 1940 to 4.8 per cent the Fall Fair.	kot %jtah, Virginia, Washington, : in 1942; the latter from 2.8 to 2.2
An interesting talk was given west Virginia and Wyoming.	‘ per cent in the same period.
X
or
B. C , tor Mime
er
<

&
î

-


• •
r

-V:

• .* . - -

ALL INCOME TAX RETURNS MUST BE MADE BY
JUNE 30
m

%
J •
? >
New Goggles Aid Air Pilots
Before going on night duty air pilots in the military service spend about half an hour in a darkened mom so that their eyes will become adjusted to seeing in dim light. To eliminate this waiting period in a darkened room, special goggles have been developed recently in the United States to condition eyes of avia-
The goggles are made with a red dlter between two layers of polaroid. This arrangement shuts out most of the light falling on the outer part of ?he retina, which is used principally by the eyes in seeing under low jhimination. With the new goggles a pilot may remain in a fully lighted room until he goes on duty.
% *





m
V
Mi.


È
T
I
Ê
h»;
¦
th
r>

%» -,
WA -1

v-;u,


ders, and sunken logs—so difficult to remove by hand or even by machine—are thrown high in the air by dynamite. New and fertile topsoil is usually added to nearby area

•DOMINION OF CANADA - DEPARTMENT OF NATIONAL REVENUE '
*> INCOME TAX DIVISION j
COLIN GIBSON,
Minister ol National Revenus

•CommHii'onef of income Tax
xvti* belt! on
r w
Louisiana Now 23rd State
i.T.n.
Having Sales Tax in Use
Enacted as a “war emergency"
V
IN MEMORIAM
FOR MORE MILK
Wall—In loving memory of Thos. E. Wall, who was called to rest June •24th, Î940.
Ood knew that he was buffering?
And the hill wasliard to climb,
.4o he closed his weary eyelids,
And whispered “Peace be thine."
Ever remembered by Harvey and Edytiie
ï
Wyman Women's Institute
t your cows from flies with
Fret
I
mr
Purina Fly Spray


•i
'/
•>
Safe, economical, easy to apply
l
CARDS OF THANKS
A complete line of feeds always on hand
See the difference
PURINA
makes
>
We desire to express our sincere thanks to many friends in South Porcupine and Bryson district for many kind nesses and expressions of sympathy during the illness Aid death of our beloved husband and father.
Mrs. Geo, Finan and Family,
South Porcupine
Mr. and Mrs. Mekvin Finan,
Bryson. Que.
With

The Mill will be open until 9.30 Saturday nights
until further notice
NOTICE
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
I wish to announce to patrons of the Ehnnide Creamery , that due to i)lnee\, l have din posed of the plant to Pro-] 1 uvers Dairy, operators of Shaw ville plant All cans now become the property <d this firm and must be turned >v*r to its officials when requested.
1 lake this opportunity to express my sincere thanks and appreciation for h“ patronage accorded me while opera-•ing the Klmside Creamery,
WELLAND BYRON
CARDS OF THANKS
PIANO LESSONS
Mrs, A. A; Smart and family wish to th ink their many friends and neighbours for their kindness and tokens of j sympathy during their recent bereavement.
¦ Mrs. Evelyn Little. L. D. 0. M., will teach piano at Mrs. Eiwin,<*rmstrong’* residence, ShiwviLc. Wiona 7 - 30 for appoint i ts.
#
:
(


il
, '





