###PAGE###1###
4 11.50 pep annum In Advance I 2.00 to the United States
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY,
MAY 25,	1939
No 48, 56th Ysar
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Shawville United W. M 9. will meet in the Sunday School rqorn Thursday evening at eight o'clock. The meeting ia in charge of Mrs. R. P. Bade# group and the guest speaker will be Mr, W. A. Hod-
PERSONAL MENTION
BORN|epepe
FARRELL—At Grace Hospital, Ottawa, on Thursday. May 18, 1989. to Mr. and Mrs. w. H. Farrell,
(nee Eileen Langford), a daughter, Elizabeth Ann. Both well.
Sly — At Shawville Community. Hospital, on Wednesday, May {pj 17, 1039, to Mr. and Mrs. John G rein Sly, of Shawville, Que, adatigh-
Shawville Hardware
Mrs. Geo. Moore, of Lower Litchfield, spent a few days in Ottawa with friends. Æ
Mrs. Wm. Stanton and infant
ttt, are
Cerner Bank and Somerset Streets
Kins
daughter, of Noranda, O visiting nt the home of lier parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Stark.
Mr. and Mrs. Uiric Hudgins, of South Porcupine, were recent guests at the home of the former's parents, Mr. and Mrs. R. W. Hod-gins.
Clean up Time
- - is - -
Paint up Time
Stark’s Corners Y\ P. U., are presenting their comedy of rural fife, "‘Handecrabble Farm ’ in Murrell's Community Hall, on Friday evening, June 9th, at 8 15 o'clock. An enjoyable comedy.
15 cents.
Ottawa, Ontario
his old reliable school ha* oyed to larger and finer emises. The finest and most odern in Ontario. Attend a ! hool with an established reputation. Open all year.
Bi
Price®?26 ami
ter
Henderson-At Shawville Community Hospital, on Tuesday, May 23rd. 1039. to Mr. and Mrs. Gerald Henderson, of Bristol Mines, Que , a daughter.
Auction 8alb—A sale of fui ni-tu re, household effects, garden tools, etc., belonging to the Estate of the late Mr and Mrs George Findlay, will be held at their late residence. King Street, Shawville, on Saturday afternoon, May 27th, at two o'clock.
Stark's Corners F. P. U. are presenting their comedy of rural life, "Handscrabble Farm” in the Church Hall, on Friday evening, May 26th, at 8.16 o'clock. An enjoyable comedy. Prices 25 and 15 cents.
Bristol Busy Bees Institute will meet at No. 1 School, Bristol, on Friday afternoon, May 26th, at three o'clock.	Program—An ad-
dress by Mr. R. W. Oliver. Ornamental Horticulturist, of Dominion Experimental Farm on "Planting Shrubs and Flowevs". Roll call—Plant or Shrub to plant. Invitation is extended to all inter estdd.
A three act corned "Aunt Tilly Goes to _ be presented In St. Andrew's United Church. Bristol, on Friday evening, June 2nd, at 8 o’clock by Aylmer United Church F. P. U , under the auspices of St. Andrew's Woman's Association. Admission, 25 and 15 cents.
Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Welsh, of Forest. Ont, were guest at the home of Mrs. Welch’s brother, Mr. John J. Caldwell, during the past week.
Mrs. Paul Chamber, of Watertown, N. Y., spent last week-end with her brother, Rev. A F. Pokes, at the Parsonage, and was in Ottawa for the Royal visit.
Dr Wallace Hod gins, of Montreal, accompanied by his friend, Dr, Stanley Smiile, spent the week-end at the home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. John L.
Hudgins
Mr. and Mrs R. P. Bade* attended convocation at Queen's University, Kingston, on Friday, where their son, Mr. George Eades, ceived his degree as Bachelor of Commerce.
f. I. COWUMC, President
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
$1.20 per quart
1.00 “
1.35 “
1.50 “
1.40 “
S. W. P. Brand,
Family Brand,
Mar-Not Floor Enamel,
Semi-Luster Enamel,
Ti Wagon & Implement,
Varnish, Paint Oil, Lead, Dry Colours
Paint Brushes
II
0ARLAND O. ROWAT
ENGAGEMENT
<1
NOTARY PUBLIC
The^^mentuZ^ced of Olive Elizabeth, youngent daugb	SHAWVILLE, QUE.
only son of Dr. and Mrs. J. W.
Armstrong, of Ontremont. Quebec.
The wedding will take place very quietly the latter part of June.
ii
it
OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate. Barri etc p, Solicitor, etc,
Office : Campbell's Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
P.8.—Just Received Car National Cement
SUM Smidre to bs In . Shawville Theatre
re-
Shawville Theatre is to be the scene of a three-act comedy drama on Friday evening, June 2nd. The
tesfe-'tesrfis?
ions entertainment from start to finish. The cast consiste of thirteen young people with speaking
parts, with an extra group making At Pontia House, Shawville, Que an/appearance for the donation |	e -ery Friday evening.
* The play Is	auspices of
«bî"“'5| DONAT Le guerrier
their best performance#.
An
Mrs. A. W. Myers, was chosen to represent the Chapter Earl of Beseborongh 1.0 D.E. at the ceremony for the King and Queen on the Mountain on Tuesday of last week in Montreal.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A. LL. B., C L. Advocate. Barrister, etc
Main Street
y, entitled. Town” .will
Hull, Que.
Phone, Sber. 1354
Mrs. Win. Millions and infant son, Billy, and her sister-in-law,
Mies Laura Millions, of South Porcupine, are guests this week at the home of Mr and Mrs John Cnuningham, at Stark's Corners.
Messrs. Dwight Thompson, of Kewagama, Que., and Robert Thompson, of Uchi, Ont, have been visiting at the home of their parents, Mr, and Mrs. Peter L Thompson, at Clarendon Front
Local delegate# to the Grand As- utoa Mettra ret Affleck sembly of Rebekahe and Grand iftne # who died on Monday, May | Matters dealt with by correspondence
Lodge of Oddfellow, of Quebec. 16th et *n Ottawa hospital, wae held in Montreal from Thursday buried Wednesday afternoon in
Norway Bey cemetery, joUewlmg funeral service at the residence of her sister, Mies Ieabel B. Macfar lane, 143 Cameron Street, Ottawa^
B.A., LL. B
Oraet to Bristol School Fair
The Bristol Farmers' Club has made the following grant to the annual Bristol School Frir : $15 00 to be divided into five prizes as follows, $5 00; $4 00; $8.00; $2.00 and $1,00, for calves shown at the School Fair In 1069, by boys or girls of club members families. ¦Hralf members herd.
•t
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S SAY, QUEBEC
Copper Bearing
FENCING
Branch at Qayon ; will call any Monday on request,
1
to Saturday of last week were Mrs U. Farrell, Mrs Beftal Stark, Mies Barbara Woodley, and Messrs Milton McGuire and Melvin
Dr. R. E. DAGO
I SURGEON DENTIST
i IN Dnupmoed Medid Building
Street
MONTREAL, QUE. MATIAS 1311
mast be from the club
Arm

Jstrog*
SSSsffGmJSf99*** *
w.
Oilmenr HodginsBfT the _¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
...Canadian Air Force, OttalR. Alp.	. , ,	_
wa, bas been having a few days Floral tributes included-oner restât the home of hi# parents, lings from the directorate and staff Mr. and Mrs. Burst flodgius, at of the Canadian Bank Note Com-Y arm, following the extra duties pany Limited and from the Under-of his unit in connection with the] valuation Branch and friends in Royal visit. While their Majestiesl the Department of National lie-the King and Queen, were in Otta-1 venue, wa, Gilmottr was | on duty at Government House.
Royal
The Bristol Farmers' Ulnb is this year sponsoring among its members a farmers' garden competition. The object Is to encourage better farm gardens, in which will be grown a greater variety of fresh vegetables suitable for sumption over a lone period as fresh vegetables and also for storage for winter use by the family. Ten attractive prizes are offered, starting with $5 00 as 1st ; $4.50 as 2nd, etc. The competition is open to Bristol Farmers' Club members. The Club Is to be congratulated on its initiative in this work.
After the crop is in will be the time to make
new and repair the old fences
We have just received a new shipment of
DWALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 5t. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE
con-
F. R Armstrong Die# et Shawville Hospital
PACE WIRE
A lifelong and esteemed citizen of this district died on Wednesday of last week at Shawville Community Hospital following a brief illness, in the person of Francis Radford Armstrong, of Elmside,
Bristol, In hie 61st year.
His sudden death camo as a shock to a large circle of acquaintances and friends in this section.
He was born on front concession of Clarendon, the son of the late Mr. and Mrs James C Armstrong Mediterranean Lower Than Ocean and was married eight years ago
¦**
the laying of the cornerstone by sPlte of the large volume of water MrSe E M. McQueen (Kathleen) ot
Queen Elizabeth at the Supreme poured into the Mediterranean by Victoria, B.C ; Mrs. W. J. Thomp Court Building.	such rivers as the Nile, the Rhone, son (Gertrude) of Chilliwack, B.C,;
Possibly the greatest number the Ebro, the Po, and through§the Mrs. Allan Brigden (Elizabeth) of from all over the district attended Dardanelles. The Mediterranean ex Kisbey, 8ask , and Mrs. HL McUir* the unveiling of the National War tends over an area of more than a mid (Nettie) of Osgoode, Ont.
Memorial on Sunday. These in- million square miles, equal to a Mr. Armstrong took an active
eluded a great many veterans of third of the area of the United interest in community life and roi
the Great War.	States. It washes the shores of several years was a member-ot the
E„.p., A.i. .nd «rte..
New Car Stolen from MoCredie •	---------- ed Church, Bristol.
««««“¦“	teiS&S
A new Plymouth four door tour- problems have been the problems home b Rpv y Armstrong Sales in g sedan was stolen from A D. of schoolboys through the ages.	0j? Andrew’s United
McCredle's garage between three	Well, thU genius opened a school of	5|llireh, assisted by Rev. Mr. An
and four o’clock on Sunday morn-	mathematics in Alexandria, and the	drews> pastor of Bristol Memorial
log The theft was discovered by	king of Egypt of that day, one of	Church. Interment was made in
town constable, B C Horner, who	the Ptolemey, attended, observes a	Norway Bay cemetery, the pall
noticed the door of the office open correspondent in London Answers bearers being, Messrs. Win. Bods,	w.,... Shawville every
after he had been around the	Magazine. Presently he asked the	Harold Fulford, Winters McCor	AlPent.acHouse, Shawville, ever,
building A short time before. A	teacher if he could not explain his	riston, CiArence Roy, Edwin Pirie	Wednesday afternoon.
small amount of change was taken	art more briefly, to save the kingly	and Samuel McNeill.	CD	At Moyle'» Hotel, Campbell’s Bey,
from the till but a large safe was time. “Sire," replied the geome- Floral tributes were received	.
left untouched.	_ .	, trician, "there is no royal road to from the wife, brother and «liters	every Wednesday morning.
Early the same morning O. A. L. ,	-	..	John Armstrong and family ; Mrs.
Tucker, local 0 P R agent, found	-	R Glenn, Anthony Armstrong and
that the station had been entered,	¦	--- Dr. J. W Armstrong; Nieces and
the safe taken out on the platform	nephews, Chelsea ; the Campbell
found it too large and later at-	the accent on the "eir." Ireland is
«minted to open it on the plat-	not quite as large as Maine. Its
form with chisels and iron bars. greatest length is 306 miles. The Thie is the second time the sta- island's outline is in irregular oval, lion has been entered withlntwo not unlike the knobby potato which weeks. The thefts sie being in- bas been christened "Irish " The
provincial and potato has been Ireland’s adopted
child.
SxRibitien Grounds
Despite disagreeable weather'a large number of hardwood and evergreen trees were planted at selected positions at the Fair grounds on Tuesday, and the officers and directors of the Agricultural Society are very grateful to those who donated trees and to Many local and district citizens I all those who helped with the wore in Ottawa on Friday, Satur-1 planting, jky and ###day to see their Majesties, King George and Queen Elizabeth.	_ _
BELAI* 3 2S7
and cur prices are right
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
Heavy Weight Stelco Standard Cage
People in Ottawa 1er Royal Visit
Phone SI.
7—40 Seven Strands 40 inches high 44 cts. per rod
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
44
44
55 “
Dental Surgeon
44
44
42
8—42 Eight
44
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
7—26 Hog Fence, uprights 12 inches 36 “
39 “
44
44
44
44
44
6
44
44
44
7—26
At Campbell's Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Poultry Fencing
18 Strands, 48 inches high, 55 cts per rod
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat Specialist
MEDICAL Anri BUILDING
18-48
ONT.
OTTAWA, -
PHONE, 1-7901
Poultry Netting
attend
6 cts: per foot
JAMES A. MILLAR
Four feet high, two inch mesh
L L >L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
Hull, Que-
B. A
• #
44	44
7 “
44
44
44
4e
Six
44
t29 Main St.,


Il*
Steeples, Nails, Spikes, Brace Wire
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, Î-ÎÎ
4
lie MAM ITIEIT,
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay, every Tuesday from 8.00 to 4 30 p m At Poetise House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m.
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer BelllfT Superior Court
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
Quebec
Shawville


###PAGE###2###
on a far higher and nobler plan# than archeology.”
"You’re darn tootin',” barked Joe. "It’s a nice clean business with a future in IL No rats, no rot, no rust. We do things and go places, us guys.”
"Well, what Is your business? If I may be so presumptuous as to inquire?”
"I’m a candy salesman," said Joe.
Kelly wrinkled the charming end of a charmingly tip-tilted nose. "Candy salesman? Good grief. It sounds t
"What is horrible about candy? Think of the joy it brings to little children and old ladies and church
socials and ...”
"That Gumboil Gilbert”
"Oh, for Heaven’s sake, you think of it. I’m only interested in knowing whether or not you are going to be gentlemanly enough to drive me to Boston?”
"So that you can marry that gumboil Gilbert? Well, I don't know. Of course, I might be able to persuade you to see reason before "we got there."
"You can try,” said Kelly. "For all the good it'll do you.”
Joe thumped the pillow.
"By gosh,’’ he roared, "I will drive you. And I'll pound sense into that red head of yours every mile of the way. I ought to be over in Meriden or somewhere selling a guy a load of Chandler & Sandham's Triple-Flavored Black Walnut Crunchles, but that can wait. Everything can wait till I avert this disaster to flowering womanhood. Where are my clothes?”
Fashion Flashes
n‘s*&
Quality You’ll Enjoy
Household
Science
k
A full-length wine skirt developed from a wide riVhugginf waistband with a wine and white check#skirt; topheavy outfits consisting of abbreviated shorts and full cut long-sleeved shirts; printed jersey dirndl frocks or plain jersey tailored coats both over matching swim suits, and slacks suits with alternate skirts were highlights of a recent dress show.
m n Mil
M n IE
7 By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
i



Ik
DELICIOUS CANADIAN DISHES What could be more patriotic than a loyalty to Maple syrup on your bill of fare? Nothing will bring more loyalty to the cook and adherence to the slogan “Just like Motrer Made.” Three recipes follow one for pancakes; one for waffles for those who are fortunate enough to have an electric waffle iron, and thirdly a simple maple syrup dessert.
PANCAKE RECIPE
2	cups sifted pastry hour or
14 cups pastry flour and 4 cup whole wheat flour
3	teaspoons baking powder 4 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
14 cups milk 4 cup melted butter Measure flour and sift with baking powder and salt If whole wheat flour is used, toss in after sifting the white flour and baking powder. Add beaten egg, milk and melted butter. Add slowly the liquids to dry ingredients. Some eggs vary as does the flour; if batter should be thin, add more milk if necessary. Pour or drop rounds of batter on hot frying pan. When bubbles appear turn and brown on the other side. Serve piping hot with maple syrup.
MAPLE SYRUP CREAM
1 1/3 cups (1 can condensed milk) 2/3 cup maple syrup
4	cup whipping cream
2 tablespoons granulated su-



a
horrible."
m
ae
Accent on shoulders Is a highlight of the first high-grade cashmere sweater lines arriving in London from Scottish mills. The majority seen so far are either madded or fully gathered, nouse buttons wide knitted silk-lined matching belts over the ribbed welts of classic pull-overs, emphasizing a sleek hipline.
HOLDUP HONEYMOON
One
BY EDWIN RUTT Copyright I93ê. NEA Sonic. Inc.
Sheers of every description in mousselines, chiffons, nets, laces, cottons and silky jerseys and for clay as well as for evening . . . “stiff," but not starchy mousselines in line with the feeling for more flow in evening skirt fullness.
CAST OF CHARACTERS JOSEPH	SANDHAM—hero;	he
thought he was on top of the world until he smseked Into KELLY ARCHER—heroine; she thought she was headed for the altar until she smashed into ED, the WEASEL—gangster; he thought he was headed somewhere, too, but affairs somehow got mixed up.
... teeth kept bright and attractive with the help of WRIGLEY'S GUM.
Because—I haven’t enough money to take the train. And there's no other car except yours. And Gilbert expected me this morning and he’ll be worried sick."
"You say," said Joe, "that your family made remarks about Gilbert? They don’t like him, then?"
"They don’t know him,’’ said Kelly scornfully. "They don’t realize what a lamb he Is. They’re narrow-minded, bigoted, sanctimonious and self-righteous. They say Gilbert's a waster."
"Your family," said Joe enthusiastically, "are the smartest people I’ve ever met. Trouble is, they don’t develop their philosophies far enough. Gilbert is more than a waster. He’s an idle no-account worthless good-for-nothing young scapegrace with sawdust between his ears. Not a person to marry. Definitely not."
"That’s all you know about iL Gilbert is studying to be an archeologist."


Tropical weight worsted dresses with matching fitted jackets are prominent at London dressmaking houses specializing in tailored clothes. Neutral mannish mixtures and black and white and also navy and white Glen checks are reported leaders for ensembles of this type.
^5*
$
Yesterday: Joe wakes up after his wreck, finds himself facing a red-headed girl who tells him she is on her way to Boston to be married.
GET SOME TODAY!
Sweet-Scented
Jams, Jellies
"Neatly folded on the chair by your bed, Excellency.”
"Who folded them?”
T did, Mr. Spanish Inquisition Sand ham. Who did you think?”
Joe heaved himself up, keeping under the protection of the bedcovers.
“Atttababy,” he said. "You’ll make a wonderful wife. Beat It now, while I dress.”
Practically Unscratched
Twenty minutes later Mr. Joseph Sandham stood in the driveway belonging to Mr. Tyler Archer and surveyed his car. He was pleased to note that it had come through the collision practically unscratched. The radiator wafl dented a little and the front left fender looked like a discouraged doughnut. Otherwise It seemed sound in wind and limb. Joe got in and drove It a few feet down the driveway. It steered well and the tires were okay. Satisfied he descended from the driver's seat and stood looking pensively at the starboard side of the car which bone, in gilt and black, the legend:
Chocolates
CHANDLER & SANDHAM
Caramels
Without going around to port Joseph knew that the inscription there read:
Joan Crawford wore a large Breton sailor in black felt with brilliant purple and red anemones posed over forehead and under chin on her recent visit to New York.
CHAPTER II
Despite the riveting operations that were going on in his head, Mr. Joseph Sandham bounced to a sitting position. For some minutes now a great truth had been slowly dawning upon him. With Kelly's words it crystallized in his brain. This red headed girl with the trick eyes was a cold knockout. He was a chump not to have perceived it right at the start. She had everything it takes and enough left over for a rainy day. And he, Joseph Sandham, was nuts about her. Completely nuts. Knocked for a loop in the first few minutes of play. Yes, realized Mr. Sandham. he was all wrapped up, tied with red ribbon and labeled "Property of Miss Kelly Archer." And unless he could steer her into u church ere many moons were passed, life was going to be a total flop. And here she sat calmly informing him that she intended to mary some wen named Gilbert.
"Hey!" he shouted. 'Say that again."
Kelly said it. Joe shook his head.
"It's All Wrong"
"Wrong," he said. "All wrong." "What do you mean, wrong?" "Wrong, that's all. You can't marry this Gilbert for the simple reason that you're going to marry me. I won't have my wife going iround committing bigamy."
Kelly looked at him as if he were in escaped lunatic.
"Marry you?" she repeated incredulously. *
"You've got it," said Joe.
She uttered a laugh of pure merriment. "Why on earth would I marry you? I tell you, I'm engaged to Gilbert Mallow."
Joe took a breath. "I guess we've got to plumb the ABCs. Listen, Miss Archer, don't you honestly see that the gods have been building up for this since two weeks before Time began?"
"Afraid I don't", said Kelly.
"Wei, what did you think that smaahup last night was?"
"Just a plain ordinary garden variety of automobile accident."
"You're off your rocker. Why, gal, that was Kismet, Allah, Fate, Predestination and a couple of other guys. Ain't you got no perception?"
"I perceive," said Kelly, "that you're an imbecile."
"Imbecile? Ha! Hard names won't get you anywhere. What you've got to do, young lady is disengage yourself from this tramp Gilbert."
"He's no tramp. He's a darling." "That's what you think now. But wait'll you bask in my society a while. Gilbert will appear laughable to you."
"I don't intend to bask in your society. For any longer than it takes you to drive me to Boston."
Joe jumped. "Boston?"
"Quite so. If It hadn't been for you and that crackpot car of yours I'd have been in Boston by now: And married to Gilbert."
"Married to Gilbert?" roared Joe.
gar
Unusual Exhibition Features Rose And Violet Petal Con-
4 cup pecan nuts 1 pint envelope plain gelatins Boil milk and syrup in double boiler. Remove from heat and stir in gelatine, which has been soaked in 4 cup cold water. Beat with egg beater a few rounds to insure smoothness, then pour into wet moulds. Chill. Unmold and sene with the whipped crèam, with sugar added sprinkled. with the nuts. Serves six.
Lace a-plenty is seen for summer newest in 1900 band insertions in all-overs ... a revival of silk laces and combined with satin, very English-looking . . . heavy laces, Irish crochet and linen lace also 1900’s.
Age#.
. Candy Salesman Joe snapped his fingers, have bet money on it. Just an inquisitive guy going around excavating things that don’t belong to him. Why in Heaven's name is it that the world’s most wonderful girls fall for fellows who crawl underground like moles? The last one I knew strangled his grandmother in a catacomb."
"What utter bilge. I suppose your profession, whatever It is, is
Much that Is new to women of this continent was displayed In a herb demonstration arranged by the New York unit of the Herb Society of America. Among the exhibits were savory jelly, wonderful with veal; thyme jelly, to enrich the flavor of poultry; and sage jelly for duckling. There were jellies made from flowers that scent the English gardens; rose petal and violet petal jellies; the petals thick in the jam.
In the Middle Agee violets were a regular item on the menu, and stewed roses was a dish every hostess knew.	,
Herb vinegars wçre shown. Suck are always highly concentrated and should be blended, a few drops al a time, with the other ingredients of a salad dressing. Each has Its own distinct flavor—basil, elder, eschalot, garlic, tarragon, raspber-
"I'd
Smart guests at a recent fashionable wedding wore pink accents with dark costumes.
. WAFFLES
14 cups sifted flour, 4 cup whole wheat flour or 2 cups pastry flour
3 teaspoons baking powder 4 teaspoon salt 3 egg yolks
3	egg whites beaten stiff 4 cup cream
4 cap milk
4	tablespoons melted butter Sift flour, baking powder and
salt. If using whole wheat too, toss in after sifting other dry ingredients. Then add well beaten egg yolks, milk and crearfl, and lastly, the melted butter. Drop and cook on electric waffle iron in the usual way* Serve with plain maple syrup or a thinly whipped cream with shaved maple added.
Moires are used a great deal for two-piece suits with unlincd jackets.
Suits of the bona fide jacket and skirt type ride through into late spring and iummer with lingerie blouset . . . There hasn't been more interest in the silk suit for years. Linen suitings promise well too.
Two Popular Play Outfits
Fa.?s
Schiaparelli
rough
accents
straws in new color combinations including pinky beige or white straw with brown wide ribbon trimmings; white with canary yellow; and also navy with deep vio-
d
V

ry.
t
%
m>
Bonbons
CHANDLER SANDHAM Confections
From the house came the appetizing aroma of bacon, crisping in a fryingpan. Joseph lifted his head and sniffed, like a hound. And at this point Kelly popped her head out of a kitchen window.
"First and last call for breakfast," she said.
Mr. Sandham leaped like a speared grampus and the leap carried him ail the way into the kitchen. Kelly was infesting this place, charming In a sea-green apron.
She Can Cook
"In there," she said, Indicating a breakfast-nook which held forth beyond the open door, of the pantry. ‘‘Go make a beast of yourself.”
"Gee," said Mr. Sandham, "you can cook? Fancy that."
‘Of course, I can cook," said Kelly scornfully. "What do you think I am, an orchid?"
No suitable comeback occurring to him, Mr. Sandham went Into the breakfast nook and overpowered a double orange juice. Just as it said "Uncle" Kelly appeared, bearing shredded wheat. He crumpled this, buried it under sugar, drowned it in cream and took it in his stride. Followed bacon and eggs, the eggs scrambled to a beautiful pale-yellow consistency. Mr. Sandham went to work, swooshing this concoction down with coffee which would have drawn commendation from a pernickety Arab. Kelly stood over him,
I refilling the cup.
1 "This guy Gilbert," said Joe, with his mouth full of bacon and eggs, "would have lived high If I hadn't come along."
9
In cooking make all measurements level NOT heaping.
W
sugar
Waffles are not synonymous with breakfast any more for they can be dressed up with a varied wardrobe, making them a well behaved addition for luncheon evening as well as breakfast.
let.


£*47* you
V /
à
i

or
¥
The Secrets
Y our Household Problems

rm
See Hive Oilers
Drip-Cut
SYRUP
Good Looks
Have you fussy eaters in your I family? Do you have trouble I Click providing a varied and interest- 1 ing menu? Do your cakes fall?
Then write, enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie B. Chambers, care of this paper, and she will endeavour to solve your problems.
UL »
h
• •
i ;.and
\

H'sopnnl
JUG
ww
m
Click
t
l. and
At Big Saving
/
it’s closed!
A smooth aluminum band
HAVE YOU SHAPELY LEGS?
Shorter skirts are here, and attention is being focussed more on calves and ankles.
a
P* over ¦cning and cuts * syrup—there is
I
the
V
Care Makes Your Rug Last Longer
To get saving
four 5
Syrup labels (or that retails at over Si.
sod si). 1 he 40-or.
size sells retail at S3. Mail requests to the manufacturer—the nddreuisonevery label.

FOR THIN LEGS.
Lighter
shades of stockings often create a plumper effect.
the
/

Buying a rug is usually a considerable investment and the housewife should rightly expect good service in return. But she can do her part, too, to lengthen its wearability. She knows that a good rug cushion not only lessens ordinary wear and tear, but makes the rug itself appear thicker, softer. She turns the rug about occasionally to more evenly distribute wear and she makes that no unevenness is allowed to I — remain underneath to cause exces- 1 sive wear in one spot. She goes over the rug with a éarpet sweeper every day, vacuums at. least once a week and has it shampooed or dry-cleaned once- a year. And if a tear or burn occurs, she has it mended right away.
One time, when it really pays to buy cheaper products is in meat | cuts. The cheaper the cut the more nourishing the meat.
Massage will help. Use gentle stroking movements, working from the instep to the ankle, and from ankle to the knee. A good fattening mixture is made with 3 parts of olive oil to one of lanolin. Put the lanolin in a jar and stand in very hot water until it melts, then slowly add the olive oil, beating all the time. Apply it generously to the legs, massaging as described above. Keep the jar handy for future use and heat before using.
reduce
i fat legs, massage as follows: Cov-I er legs and ankles with a good lather of palmolive soap. Massage well in, then rinse dry, cross the legs and dust talcum heavily on the upper leg. Next pinch firmly between fingers and thumb, gsing quick vigorous movements.
After at least ten minutes of this, take the ankle between both hands, and wring it mercilessly, twisting one hand to the right and the other to the left. Repeat with the other leg.
Whilst undergoing these leg treatments, take a dash of Kko-rah health salts in a glass of water every morning, to tone up your system.
Complete leg treatments (slimming and fattening) may be obtained, as well as leaflets on Face, Eyes, Hands, Bust, Feet, Slimming. Underweight, Superfluous Hair, Reducing in Spots, by send-
-1* - me ' 2	" æ
:
I
?
x«
k
k
JÎ
k
Made With Same Pattern
By LOUISE LENNOX
k
?

V
k
Slacks and shorts costumes with tailored shirt blouse, are summer favorites with big and little sister. Big sister finds the slacks and shirt costume such a comfortable smart outfit for the country, beach and suburban wear. They are made of all sorts of cotton, as percale, broadcloth, denim, hopsacking, gingham, pique, men's shirting, shantung, etc.
Style No. 2732 is designed for sizes 6, 8, 10, 12 and 14 years. Size 8 requires 14 yards of 39-inch material for blouse; 24 yards of 39-inch material for slacks; and 14 yards of 39-inch material for shorts.
Send Fifteen Cents (15c), coin is preferred, for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your Name, Address and Style Number. Be sure to state size you "wish.
v
>
sure
»
:
k
k

?
FOR FAT LEGS.
e?
4
i
?
\
on ",
(To Be Continued)
m
m*
"Do you mean to say you were on your way to marry the tomato? Lord, this is terrible.”
Ready To Elope Kelly waved her hand. "Listen." she said. "See If you can get this straight. Last evening I had a horrible fight with my family. They «aid things to me and about—well, about Gilbert that 1 can never forgive or forget. So I simply up and walked out. 1 wired Gilbert that 1 was ready to elope with him now. He m- he's been deviling me to for a year. And I got Into my car and started for Cambridge just as fast as I could go. And everything would have gone according to Hoyle If you hadn't been woolgathering on ?vWiong glde of the road. Wall, you	my cm An
¦JW
on just as soon as ytnf tfffer
m
There’s A Formula To Please Woman
?
?
?

Now visiting Detroit is a man who can manage women and saya so himself. He ia Dr. Joseph Madison Woods, president of one of the Continent's outstanding colleges for women, Stephen College of Columbia, Mo. Dr. Woods also has the testimony of some 16,000 to 20,000 women aa to the quality of his management of them.
Here is his .formula: All a man has to do to get along with a woman is to do what she tells him, the first time she tells him, and do ii without any argument-
»
E.
»
SÎ.00 FOR YOÜR OLD IRON
Your old Iron — no matter wl.at condition or make—la worth 11.00 on the purchase of a now Coleman Self-Healing Iron. Ash your dealer (any store handling
gasses JZFnvrsss
the purchase of your new Colemea Iron, or write
The- Coleman Lamp & Stove C*
Ltd. Ï
Î
»
Fiery, Itching Toes and Feet
Its
age.
?
i

Summer Fashion Book
Ready for Summer! Styles for all occasions, for everybody, old and young, slim and stout, vacationer and stay at home. They're all included in our new full-color Summer Fashion Book. Order your copy today! The price is just 16 cents.
Here is a clean, stainless antiseptic oil eow dispensed by chemists at trifling coat, that will do more to help you get rid of your trouble than anything you’ve ever used.
Its action 1» so powerfully penetrating that the itching is Instantly stooped; and m a short time you are rid of that bothersome. fiery eczema. The
I
Dept. VYO-I25
Toronto. Ontwrle
Coleman «
ron
mpm
r. •
la true of
HiBSi
If

1 VI
me to Bos
'39

In a'ny way.
Room 421, Toronto, Ont.
B
###PAGE###3###
More than 100,000 brown treat
have been pieced in the stream, which has become a favorite with fishermen in Western Ontario. Coming of milder weather has revived what is a big "industry” in the spring. Sucker Ashing goes on day and night in the Penetan-gore River, and its tributaries, in the district. Catches of sucker# and mullets are reported as good. Fishermen report netting more than 100 fish in the course of a few hours.
shoot it out with 10 other teams from all part# of Ontario and the five-man team certainly outehot their 400 rival marksmen. Second place went to the No. 1 Team of fho Sarnia Collegia to Cadet Corps who scored 1404 out of 1500 pts.
Place 100,000 Trout
In Saugeen River
Saugeen River, below Paisley, has been restocked for the season.
Latest Portrait of His Majesty King George VI
Sunday
School
Lesson
Books And You
BY
PAUL HAMILTON
PRIZE CANADIAN NOVLL
Announcement that Owethalyn Graham has been awarded the Governor-General's award for the best Canadian fiction
>
LESSON VIII
Beverage Alcohol and The Home I (À Social Aspect of the Liquor I
Problem)	I
Jeremiah 35:5-10; Ephesians 1:11- I
21; 6:1-4
Golden Text — “Drink no wine nor I strong drink, thou, nor thy oone I with thee.” Lev. 10:9.	1
The Lesson In Its Setting	I
Time — The prophecy of Jere- I mlah found in chapter thirty-five I cannot be located with great exact- I ness during the years when he pro- I phesled, but may be put, with s I fair degree of certainty, about the year 604 B.C. Paul wrote the épis- I tie to the Ephesians In A	D.	61.	I
The Rechabttes were a nomad I tribe, not of Jewish, but of Kenlte I race, 1 Chron. 2:65, and connected I with the Amalektles, Num. 24: 21. I
5 And I set before the sons of I the house of the Rechabttes bowls I full of wine, and cups; and I said I unto them, Drink ye wine. 6. But I they said, We will drink no wine; I for Jonadab the son of Rechah, our I father, commanded us, saying, Ye 1 shall drlnf no wine, neither ye, nor I your sons, forever: 7. neither shall I ye build house, nor sow seed, nor I plant vineyard, nor have any; but | all your days ye shall dwell in tenta; that ye may live many days In the land wherein ye sojourn. I. And we have obeyed the voice of . Jonadab the son of Rechab, our father. In all that he charged us, to drink no wine all our days, we, our wives, our sons, or our daughters; 9 nor to build houses for us to dwell In; neither have we vineyard, nor field, nor seed: 10. but we have dwelt In tents, and have obeyed, and don# according to all that Jonadab our father commanded us. Acting under the command of God, Jeremiah called the representative men of the Rechabltea Into the house of Jehovah, and offered them wine. It was done In order to give them the opportunity to refuse, and thus prepare the way for the message that men are more loyal to the commandments of men than they are to the commandments of God.
Through Evil Days
15.	Look therefore. If believers are bound to dispel the darkness from the hearts and lives of others how careful they should be not to be dark themselves, but to walk as wise men. Carefully how ye walk.
Not as unwise, but as wise. Wise men are those who not only know the truth, but live according to the truth. Paul Is writing to Christians who have the truth, spiritual truth, moral truth, all centered In Christ, and because of which they know what Is right and what is wrong, as we do.
16.	Redeeming the time, because the days are evil. When days are evil, Christians themselves are In great danger of being allured Into evil, and will be delivered from such temptations only as they keep near the Lord Jesus Christ, ever alert to witness for him, and transacting, with consuming earnestness the business of the King whom they adore.
17.	Wherefore be ye net foolish, but understand what the will of the Lord Is.
18.	And be not drunken with the wine, wherein Is riot, but be filled with the Spirit.
We are accustomed to oppose excessive drinking by the claims of abstinence; but here the alterner tlve counsel Is the recptlon of the Holy Ghost. The fundamental need of life Is not a sensation, but an inspiration. It is folly to seek to spur the essential powers of life by a stimulus of the flesh.
Filled With Holy Spirit
19.	Speaking one.to another In psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody with your heart tô the Lord.
20.	Giving thanks for all things In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ to God, even the Father.
The apostles preached In the name of the Lord Jesus; they wrought miracles in his name; believers are commanded to pray in his name; and here we are told to give thanks In hie name.
21.	Subjecting yourselves one to , another In the fear of Christ. "The primary point in the spiritual ethics of the gospel is humility. Self I» dethroned as against God. and
nsequently as against men.
An ideal Christian home. Epk. 6:1-4. L Children, obey your parents In the Lord; for this is right.
2. Honour thy father and mother, (which Is the first commandment -with promise), 3. that It may be well with thee, and thou mayest live long on the earth.
4. And, ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath.

,

a
of 1938 makes timely a brief notice of her book, Swiss Sonata ^Published by Thos. Nelson & Sons $2.50). Published last year, it won immediate recognition and
¥


\


>
Gwethalye
Graham gHHHHI a second printing Is now selling In England where three times more copies have been sold than were sold In Canada.


A first novel begun when the author was 21 and finished when she was 23, Swiss Sonata Is a book of exceptional maturity and depth. In England critics hailed it in most laudatory terms. The story Is slight and not overburdened with plot. What gives It Impact and interest is sharp insight Into character and broad understanding of humanity. Placed in a girls’ school overlooking Lake Geneva, it tells what happens during three eventful days In this tiny, remote community where the conflicts which mar Europe and the outer world are reflected among girls at school.
A book for thoughtful people, It is not one to be read hastily and set aside. Nor Is the reader likely to forget it. It has faults, but the most critical reader will agree, from the first page on, that Miss Graham is a born story teller with exceptional ability for making real the trivia which afflict the mind of youth, and for sustaining suspense in schoolgirl and schoolmistress conflicts. Rich in material (a more seasoned novelist would have written three novels, two or more short stories and perhaps a play with the same material) its greatest merit is the conversation. Rich, brilliantly entertaining, the conversation of some of the characters has a hard, bright, underlying quality of gaiety which perhaps not everyone fully appreciates.
Vicky Morrison is a character you could wish to know, and that wish Is a tribute to the success of the author's efforts. The breadth of Vicky’s humanity, as portrayed here, shows that Miss Graham has what Arnold Bennett described as the essential qualifications of the great novelist, "A Chrlstlike and all-embracing compassion.”

l
:

t



;

•	v.V77!
• • • •

•*####*###»
THESE NEW FEATURES
of the famous Scottish Ihtors “ATHENIA” and “LETITIA” to England, Ireland and Scotland
Following the policy of keeping "abreast of the times", the Donaldson Atlantic Line have thoroughly reconditioned and improved the accommodation in all three classes of these vessels.
The new features include.—	,
#	Hot and cold running water in all Cabin and Tourist staterooms, and in most Third Class cabint
#	Beds instead of berths.
#	Controlled ventilation throughout;
#	Enlarged and rebuilt cabin staterooms in “Athenia”.
#	New rooms with private bath on the “Athenia” following similar improvements made in the “Lctitia”.
NOTE THESE LOW RATES Cabin from $132.00; Tourist $113.00; Third $91.00
Weekly sailings from Montreal to Belfast, Liverpool and Glasgow in conjunction with the Cunard White Star liners "Andania” and “Antonia”.

>
?





'


JjitLLui
mmuImm
O
NTARIO
UTDOORS
Cor. Boy and Wellington Street»—(EL. 3471)
Toronto
but the man to ne is your local Travel Agent.
This latest form of co
By VIC BAKER
portrait of His ^Majesty the King shows him wearing the
uni-
ONTARIO SCORES AGAIN!
Competitive rifle shooting is without doubt one of the most popular sports enjoyed by Ontario sportsmen, both young and old. Almost every village, town and city in the province boasts its group of marksmen who are continually participating in one contest or another. But it's 1 when national •hooting competitions are held that proof presents itself of how this ¦port is enjoyed and practiced by the average Ontario citizen.
The most recent national shooting tournament to furnish such proof is the recently completed first round of the 1939 Dominion Marksmen Junior Small Bore Rifle League annual competition. Of the 169 five-man teams, representing 845 shooters from all over Canada, competing in the competition, 81 teams or 405 shooters were Onftmo marksmen representing all sections of the province, of it, almost half the entries in this nation-wide shooting tournament were Ontario shooters!
Brockville Best Shooters •
And there are many expert marksmen among these, as shown in the final scores posted. Sharpshooters of the No. 1 rifle team of Brockville Collegiate Institute and Vocational School posted second high score among the 169 entries to fall slightly behind the ' high the crack No. 1 Team of

The Royal Visit To Toronto
Drive To RivercUIe
12.40 p.m.—Her majesty will proceed to west campus to present colors to Toronto Scottish, regiment.
Radio Conductor
20 He was bom
Answer to Previous Puzzle
HORIZONTAL 1,6 A leading musical conductor in America.
13	A molding.
14	To habituate.
16	Wind.
17	Being.
18	Intolerant person.
19	Stream.
20	To declare solemnly.
21	Chooses.
24	Before.
25	To impel.
29 Dentist's tool.
33	To hunt
34	Hair ornament.
35	Position.
36	Crystalline substance.
37	Female pronoun.
38	With respect
Detailed itinerary to be fol-** lowed by Their Majesties On Their Visit to Ontario’s Capital, May 22.
A detailed outline of the royal visit to Toronto is as follows:
10.30 a.m.—Their majesties and entourage detrain at the North Toronto station and are met on the platform by the lieutenant-governor, the premier, the mayor, and their wives and the district officer commanding.
To Have Escort a.m.
1.06 p.m.—His majesty will proceed to Hart House.
2.20 p.m.
in

[3HHHQ
3000 ¦ 0HB1E3
sno a
30
aSBBQDB DClMldMCIC B ElHEillE EB00E Z
30D0B^*Ü^^e
ag BQE0 anaa an
¦SBBBE HBH 0*
aC33 BBBQ^
i:i ¦ Midanraraid
mm

22	He gives recitals.
23	Peculiar.
26	Portuguese coin.
27	To obtain.
28	To piece ouS
30	To be sick.
31	Varnish ingredient.
32	Silkworm.
36 To break
camp.
2 Dyeing	37 Seraglio,
apparatus.	39 To pry.
51 First woman. 3 Cotton fabric.	40 Drama part.
4	Examination. 41 Heavy blow.
5	Chest bones.	42 Wood sorrel.
6	Excavated.	43 Covers with

HELEN
Their majesties leave Hart House by southeast terrace door and drive to Winchester Drive with a moto-rcycle escort.
m
00Q0e
? ann
KELLER

QQ
G
I
Routes—East to east side of Queen's Park Crescent; north on east side of Queen’s Park Cres. to Bloor; east on Bloor to Winchester Drive.
2.30 p.m.—Arrive Winchester Drive; met by cavalry escort of Governor-General's Horse Guards. Drive down to Piverdale Park and through lines of children in the park and back again to Danforth Ave.
HEfflQS

TOG A*S
A SÎÜRÂJI
TÎEIA CHE
10.45
The
Jm*JmUHlhbrocession moves off to the city hall. Their majesties’ car will be accompanied by thexescort of R.C.D.'s.
Route—South on Yonge to Queen, west on Queen to city hall.
11 a.m.—Arrive at the city
49 Venomous snake.
52	To erase.
53	To revoke.
54	Democrats.
56	He won fame 7 Ascended.
8	Rhythms.
9	Monster.
57	He has long 10 Ketch, been a leader jj Coagulated
KÊgMÊjMÊMr blood mass.
12 Male pronoun.
15 Insect's egg.
Think
Out To Woodbine
3 p.m.—Leave Winchester Dr., proceed to Woodbine with motorcycle escort.
Route—East on Danforth to Woodbine, south to east entrance gates on Woodbine Ave. Drive around track in state landau accompanied by an escort of R-C.D/s.
3.35	p.m.—Arrive enclosure.
3.55 p.m.—Leave stand in state
landau; proceed each to Woodbine Ave., and then leave for Parliament buildings in motor car.
Route—West on Queen to Kim*
St, west on King to University I R86 out of 1500 points while the Ave., north to Queen's Park. ? Maritimers posted a score of 1491
5.20 p.m.—Leave for Christie I out of 1500.
Street hospital.	The Brockville shooters also be-
Route—North on Avenue Rd., came the new holders of the On> to St. Clair; west to Christie St.; I tario provincial shooting cham-south to Christie Street hospital. I pionship when last year’s Anal-Gum# Fire Salute	I	ists, the Peterboro Collegiate and
6.36	p.m.—Arrive Chrietie St Vocational School, failed to com-
hospital.	;	pete. The Brockville hoys had to
hospital for Exhibition grounds.
Route—South on Christie to Bloor; west to Parkside Drive; south to Lake Shore Bhrd., east to Exhibition grounds,
6.10 p.m.—Met by an escort of Governor-General's Horse Guards at west entrance to Exhibition grounds. Drive along Lake Shore j Rd. through ranks of school chil- ' dren, boy soouts, girl guides, etc.,
hall.
sod.
11.15 a.m.—Leave city hall to proceed to Parliament buildings.
Route—South on Bay St to Front, west on Front to University, north on University t# Queen’s Park.
11.40 a.m.—Arrive Parliament buildings.
11.60 a.m.—Enter legislative chamber.
- 12.26 p.m.—Leave legislative chamber, proceed to lieutenant-governor's suite.
as a conductor of
45	To do again.
46	Kiln.
47	Half.
50 Turkish
of
or-
to.
governor.
52 To accomplish 55 South Caro-
chestras.
VERTICAL
1 Grief.
44 Needle* shaped. 46 Age.
lina.
I
scorers,
the Saint John, N.B., Vocational School The Ontario team scored
had better sow tears In a field from which he expects to derive food for himself and family, than by bis own 111 conduct nurture evil In the heart of bis child. But nurture them. In the chastening, word here translated “chasten! % refers to the whole training and education of children. And admonition of the Lord. This last word means generally training by word, and In actual use, mostly, by word of reproof, remonstrance, or blame. Here Is a brief but priceless word for the parent's heart It lays a fresh stress upon his responsibilities in the guidance and the forewarning of his child; but that the spirit of self must be banished from the work, If it Is to be done Indeed.

4
ft
The
34
A parent
and down Avenue of Remembrance where trees will be pleated as their majesties pass.
Route—East on Lake Shore Blvd. to Avenue of Remembrance,
Governor Leverett Saltonstall, of Massachusetts, can’t make up his mind. A woman in Santiago, Chile, wrote him: “1 saw your picture in a newspaper. You look like my father who died years ago. As I have no picture of him, will
nd me one of yours.”
east on Front to Union Station. 6.46 p.m.—Arrive at Union Sta-
tion, met by guard of honor ef
Queen’s Own Rifles.
you please

###PAGE###4###
Revolver.
(e)	Sells, lends or gives a Pistol,
Revover or other weapons as fores rid to anyone not being the holder of an appropriate permit, and if such permit is one to purchase does not acquire retain such permit.
(f)	Upon making a sale or repair of At Unveiling of War Memorial any offensive weapon for which a permit
—	is requyed, neglects to keep a record of
It is my privilege, as your King, to such sale or repaire or neglects to send unveil today, in your Capital City, the a duplicate of such record by registered noble Memorial to Canada s spirit and mail to the person who issued the per-sacrifice in the Great War
It is almost a quarter of a century |	(g) Not having a permit in Form 76 d,
buys any pistols or revolvers for resale, or having such permit, neglects to keep For many, the a record of any purchase or neglects to
send a duplicate of such record by registered mail to the person who issued the permit iu Form 76 d.
(h) Alters, defaces or removes any Manufacturer's serial number on or from any Pistol, Revolver or other Fireaim capable of being concealed upon the person.
( i ) Sells or gives a Firearm, Pistol,
Revolver or Shot Gun, or Air Rifle or ammunition for these weapons to a minor less than fourteen years of age, who is not the holder of a permit in accordance with Form 76 f.
6—Persons who have not complied with the Law concerning Offensive Weapons are requested to do so without Today, in her own Capital, | delay. The public in general are advised, that ignorance of the Law is no excuse. All persons violating this Law The Memorial speaks to the world of will be liable to penalties prescribed Canada’s heart Its symbolism has been under the Criminal Code.	I
beautifully adapted to this great end.	7—All owners of Firearms should
It has been well named, “The Response ”, familiarize . themselves with the law One sees at a glance the answer made concerning Offensive Weapons. Any by Canada when the world’s peace was I information concerning this will be broken, and freedom threatened in the furnished with pleasure on demand fateful years of the Great War. It from the Commissioner of Quebec
depicts the zeal with which this country Provinci 1 Police. Vauquelio Place,	#An
entered the conflict.	Montreal.	| _ ®®	„ c„	l I The pumpkin has not hoe i m.iii
Rut the symbolism of the Memorial 8—Merchants, who in the past have fireCilOn OI «6W ocnooi fled very much by cultivation Ah
is even more profound. Something been concerned with the sale of often-	—	filling for pies it has few riva's a
deeper than chivalry is port rated. It is sive weapons are particularly invited to Sealed Tenders will be received by no superiors. Pumpkins are sr the spontaneous response to the voice obtain information regarding permits the undersigned Secretary-Treasurer up posedly natives of tropiral Arieri. of the nation’s conscience The very which are necessary in accordance with to and including Thursday, June 1st, but their origin is obscure as t. soul of the nation is here revealed. the Law. This request applies equally j 1939, for the erection of a new school first white settlers found the !
Surmounting the arch through which to Second Hand Merchants, who buy ! building at Dunraven, Calumet Island, dians growing them as a cultivate the armed forces of the nation are Revolvers and Pistols for resale.	i Plans and specifications prepared by the crop. The native Jjeath of rnre •
pressing onward, are the figures of ¦ —.......-	. .	¦ .	[ Department of Education, can be seen the pumpkins is definitely know
Peace and Freedom. To win Peace and	"	| at the office of the Secret ary-Treasurer, and the same is true of th
to secure Freedom, Canada’s sons and	Correspondence	Building must be completed before squashes. It is certain that sur
daughters enrolled for service during .	.	August 20th, 1939. Lowest or any | are American; others are ihougi
the Great War. Fot the cause of Peace Editor Equity During the week of j tender not necessarily accepted.	to be Asian, states a writer in th«
and Freedom sixty thousand Canadians | May 8od, officials of the Ontario De-	JAS. A CARSWULL,	Los Angeles Times,
gave their lives, and a still larger partaient of Hahi and Game, who patrol	Secretary-Treasurer	The muskmelon is native to Soutl
number suffered impairment of body or Ottawa River from Fitxroy to	Box 66	Asia and tropical Africa, the cueum
This sacrifice the National Hawkesbury, were in the vicinity ot	Campbell’s Bay, Que. ber being from the same part <;
Memorial holds in remembrance for our Cumberland, Rockland and Wendover	•	[	n has almost as munv cur-
own and succeeding generations.	picking up nets placed in the Ottawa ”	"	ous forms as the squash. Tf.
This Memorial, however, does more river- While there they heard gun	l6ACI16r W&nt6Q	orange melon and the snake melm
than commemorate a great event in the shots from the Quebec side of the river |	—	are some of these. The latter mus
past. It has a message for all genera-| and crossing to investigate they found I Protestant teacher holding an ' not be confused with the snaki lions and for all countries—the message parties shooting ducks over decoys and j Elementary diploma to teach Davidson gourd, quite a different fruit The which called forth Canada’s response, in the very same area found several school. Term 1939 40. For further melon is edible and often made inti Not by chance do the crowning figures nets set.	j particulars apply to,	preserves. The watermelon is na
of Peace and Freedom appear side by Returning to Ottawa they visited the	JOHN C. HOWARD,	live to tropical and South Africa
side. Peace and Freedom cannot long Ottawa market and found two trucks	Davidson, Que. growing from two to six inches in
be separated. It is well that we have, j Wlt" &lM)ul a ton of pike each, said pike ¦	¦ -.— -	...diameter, sometimes sweet some
in one of the world capitals, a visible | having clear marks of gill nets, in which Favor Increased	times bitter. It is in our own coun
reminder of so great a truth. Without they were taken and these trucks were Control of Livestock	try that its flavor, texture and size
Freedom there can be no enduring | from the Quebec side of the river	---- have been improved. Nowhere else
Peace, and without Peace no enduring j These same officers contacted a gang of Increased regulation over the market- have melons been grown to more Freedom.	I Aylmer men breaking muskrat houses j ing of livestock and poultry, and eape- than 100 pounds weight
on the Ontario side of the river, follow cially over the yards operated by pack ied them to Aylmer and after overcom- ! ing plants and stockyards, was approving every obstacle	that it was	possible	| ed by the House of Commons in com-	Horseshoe and Good Luck
I to place in their	way, secured	convie-	niittee on Wednesday of last week as	According to Brewer s Dictionary
lions against these	men.	j the Government’s stockyards and live-	0f Phrase and Fable the legend	tha?
1-	The Commissioner of the Quebec T*i‘sbut an	examP,e ?f	whit is	I stock bill was reported for third read-	a	horseshoe brings good luck is	sup
Provincial Police desires to bring to the	been going on in this district ing	posed to have originated with St
attention of the public Articles Nos !°r years - Fea,r of Ontario penalties Greater protection for the producer Dunstan. who was noted for his skill
116 to 129 of the Criminal Code dealing i,M etop.p!<Y *l Leeat’“T* \,f •our Pro" m <he weighing and grading of his live in shoeing horses. One day Satan with Offensive Weapons All owners <ff '**"°a*'Osh and game bootleggers go- stock at the stockyard or packing plant himself is said to have appeared Revolvers and Pistols are required to *?g t0 °l‘ewe. anil*bey now handle was held a necessity by several mem and demanded that his "single register same. Moreover following cer 11	«rough their agents at bers. Education of farmers to space hoof" should be shod St Dunstan
tain changes made recently in this law i	“nd Sâïne“	K"'n,t	,L ,	their production was also	urged so tint	recognizing his customer, tied him
a General Registration of all Offensive I	r° 8*y «at our	Quebec	trout (both	the market would have	a	continuous	rightly to the wall and proceeded to
Weapons must be made during ,ile I g™y speck!e) our bass and pickerel supply, instead of having livestock ma- do as he was bid, but purposely in period between 1st of March and 1st of I „	, 8 8"ld ln ton9,ls P",tln8 " ""Idly	‘"ring "t only two or three	seasons in	flicted so much pain that his Satanic
July, 1939. and within the same period	«hops and	the year	Majesty begged for mercy Thew
every Five Ye\rs	even Clerical headquarters are serving Agriculture Minister Gardiner en- upon St. Dunstan released his cap
2-	Numerous persons, such as own llleg^ fiah game in no small dorsed the suggestion that supply need- tive after having extracted from
ers of Revolvers and Pistols have not ‘luantitiea. It is little wonder that ed to be levelled out over the year and him a promise that he would never yet complied with the abovemeniioned	""d tourists are giving this stops were being taken now to persuade
their certificate of registration are liable “d.	a?d hlH d*>m'Vire trying mg up and maintaining overseas markets
to prosecution	their best to improve this district, but was the lack of a continuous supply of
3-	All details pertaining to the above "f,e an'ions °/ 90n,.e °f. our ,M:L A’s - '* ataadl,rd ?"des, especially of hogs.
law, such as, change of permanent ad- " Î ü"® v- ¦"""	, The ° d l?W of 9UPP'? „and demand
dress, of owner, etc. should be com d,lfacu 1 for,the .X.lln,s,tir '° ^"y 0,,t hadan ""%unate habit of operating municated immediately to the ta- 'T?	“d is anxious to in the case of livestock, despite occasion-
Atterre arssrsusnJve
owners having the intention of dispos	"'""aa"d dollars for illegal pos- might be levelled up considerably by
ing of Revolvers or Pistols for which W*?,<?Apflrl/'d,gel	,n	order'y marketmg, such as was
they hold a permit must consult the «"d stored m Ottawa. This same party made possible through the Government's
Police Authorities of their locality or Wll“ - .nlnc. hu"dred and el«bly some co-operative marketing bill* recently the Quebec Provincial Police for pro. Partr'dges bought in Hull, with all the passed, reduce to be followed.	Pro°f and Emissions necessary, was
asss ISZSSI6
country, with no political friends, goes to jail for three months for transporting some of these same birds. The fight is on in real earnest and we aim to have this rotten condition cleaned up. Let the chips fall where they may. This clean up can only be accomplished with the fullest co-operation of the residents of our local counties. They are the ones who suffer from loss of tourist trade and summer cottagers. We want your support now.
THE EQUITY
HODQINS
GARAGE
SHAWVILLE, MAY 25th 1939
and
SEED CORN
Text of King's Speech
Chevrolet, Buick, Oldsmobile,
! - R-W'i . (A
Sales ~ Service
nut
We now have the following varieties in stock
since the beginning of the Great War Four years earlier my father had succeed ed ;to the Throne memories of the War will have always an immediate association with his reign. It has been given to me today to recall Canada’s part in the great conflict. Fortunately, my task is already largely performed, for in the beautiful work of art which I have just on veiled vivid and enduring expression has been given to the spirit of Canada.
The time and the place of today’s ceremony are not without significance. 1 am not surprised that it has taken many years to bring this Memorial into being to give it this appropriate setting. On the battlefields of Europe, and throughout the Dominion, there are many memorials to Canada's honored dead
Canada dedicates her National Memori
White Cap Sweepstakes Red Cob
Longfellow
Improved Learning,
Golden Glow,
Early Bailey,
Pride of N ishna,
Wisconsin No. 7
You can buy here with confidence. This Oorn is all Rennies No. 1 Grade. Our prices are right.
Drive a Better Car
This Summer
Look These Models Over
1988 Chevrolet Special Sedan, with trunk-1987 Chevrolet Standard Coach
al
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REG'O-
1987 Pontiac Special Sedan, with trunk 1935 Ford V-8 Sedan, with trunk 1931 Pontiac Coupe, with rumble seat.
The best car value
NOTICE
Indians Grew Pumpkins:
Their Origin Is Obocu-
Is a good used car
J. L. HODGIN8
Phone 64-J.
^iziyizizvixixi/t/ty z'aixi/'/iz y
x|x>xiXiy xty xiyixix'xixixix-xix
X XiXIXIXlX X X X X Z z X Z X X Z
DALE’S TINSHOP
immi
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
BEATTY PUMPS
We carry
a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.
Let us know your requirements and we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
Law Governing Registration Of Firearms in Quebec
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
»
?
,
ESTABLISHED 1883
enter a place where a horseshoe was displayed. Thus reads the legend And so, for many centuries, ob serves a writer in the New York Herald Tribune, the horseshoe has been looked upon as a charm against evil and a bringer of good fortune. At one time it was affixed to the front door of the house protection against witches.
Nelson caused one to be nailed to the mast of his flagship, the Victory, and we still find this emblem of good luck installed in many homes.
INVALID
COACH
GEORGE HYNES & SON
as a Lord
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
Phone 80
iZlXlZlZiZlZiZlX'XlXlZ
Zt/IZiZlZ ZlZIZjylZ'XiX'ZlZ'ZlZ'XZlXlX'Xl/iX'X'ZiXiX'Z'XIX'Xlx XIXIZIZ'X'X'X
Everything For
The Builder
length or less, Aliens or Non-British subjects must have a permit for any sort of Firearms in their possession.
5—With the exception of Soldiers,
Public Officers, Peace Officers, Sailors or Volunteers in His Majestie’s Service,
Constables or other Police Officers, who are authorized by the nature of their duties to carry weapons in the performance of their duties, all other persons are liable to fines varying from ten dollars to two hundred dollars, with costs, or a prison term from one month to ten years, and a fine with costs, who :
(a)	Possess a revolver or pistol for which there is no registration.
(b)	Not having a permit following the stipulated formula while carrying on hie person, or in a vehicle, under his control, or in which lie is a passenger, or elsewhere, than in his own dwelling house, hop, warehouse, counting house or premises, a Pistol, Revolver, Firearm
or «II other Offensive Weapons which I Well Improved Firm, being Lot 11 on might be concealed on bis person	| the 4th Range of the Township of
(c)	Being an Alien and having in hi* Clarendon, containing 60 acres more or
possession, Pistol, Revolver, Shot Gon I less, foqr miles south of Shawville For or Rifle or all other firearms or am inanition for such firearms, without a I permit.	j
(d)	Not being provided with such J permit, sells or offers for sale a Pistol or Phone 22- 23
Beattie’s Eye Service
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie's Eye Service, cor. Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will
Beattie s Eye Service
Scientific Eye Examinations
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
Estimates Given on all Types of Buildings
Molding,
Sash,
Doors,
Ten - Test
Yours very truly,
J. C. McCUAIG,
Hon. Secretary
Fish & Game Protective Association Laurentian Sportsmens and Tourist Office., 19Ô* ain St., Hull, Qae.
Delco Plants
Johnston Motors,
•ee
Prompt Delivery Let us give you quotations
Farm For Sale
SMITH BROS.
Contractors & Builders CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
further particulars apply to,
' T. T. BEATTIE,
Professional Optometrist
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS

MRS JA8. P. CARSON R R No. 2,
Shawville, Que
st.
Phone 25








###PAGE###5###
Service Announcement
The Equity
PRINTING
SHAWVILLB ÜNITKD CHURCH
Rev, A. F. Fokkh B. A, B.D. PAStpr
Sunday, May 88
II 00 a. m—Service at Shawvrtle.
100 p m.~ Service at Zion, with Sunday school
3 00 p. m.—Communion and Reception j
Service at Stark’s Corners i
7.30 p. m.—Service at Sbawville
lies
PUBLISHED EVERT THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILLB, QUEBEC
I

annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
Successor to G. F Hodgins Go. Limited
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position
to do practically all your printing as
neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
SI 50
• •
2.00
All arrears must be paid In fuIk before any paper Is discontinued
- Bristol United Church
C. ARMSTRONG BALES, B. D. Sunday, May 88
Color in Smart Footwear For Summer 1939
W. G.COWAN, PUBLISHER
8t. Andrew’s Sunday School, 10.00 a. m. St. Andrew’s Knox Austin
Letterheads, Envelopes,
Invoices,
Service
11.00 a m. 2 30 p.m. 7.30 p.m. Sunday School . 10.30 a.m.
Service
Service
Billheads
Roif G. Fraser
CifU, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Phoee 160
I
44
Sermon Subject “The Faith by which
Men Live”
Statements, Posters
Flowers,
Ladies White Sport Oxfords and Sandals
¦ox SS6
ANGLICAN
St. Paul’s
v , Sunday, May 28
10.00	a. m — Sunday School. Morning Seivice Withdrawn
7.30 p in.—Evening Prayer Holy Trinity
11.00	a. m.—Holy Communion
St. Lurk’s
2.00 p.m.—Evening Prayer
9
Labels
Starring value and style in a breezy new version of Summer time Classic
»
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in vite your patronage, orders of $1.00 or over, phone
os collect.
$6.00 or over,phone us collect
and we shall prepay.
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
On
The Sandal for Women and Growing Girls
Fancy cut-outs in white, rust and black
On orders of
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
Parish of North Clarendon Mr. A. C. Lawrence, Lay Reader
¦a J, r . y •’»: >i. ji ¦	4	'"i*	•	^	*5	!
10.30 a m.—N Onslow, Morning Prayer 2.30 p.m.—Charter!* Evening Prayer
Ladies White and Sand Crepe Sole Oxfords Mens Sturdy Camp Shoes Boys and Youths Camp Shoes
mad 11 p.m.
Name Matthew of Hebrew
Origin: “Gift of God”
! The name Matthew is of Hebrew origin and means “gift of God.” Matthew, the tax-gatherer, was one of the apostles. Modern opinion holds that he did not write the “gospel according to Matthew,” but that its author referred to a collection of Jesus’ sayings Matthew had written, writes Florence A. Cowles in the Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Sir Matthew Hale in 1671 was chief justice of the king’s bench, highest judicial office in England. He was held almost infallible on legal questions and his “Analysis of the Law'' gave Blackstone an outline for his “Commentaries.”
Matthew Thornton (1714-1803) signer of the Declaration of Independence, was a judge of the New Hampshire Supreme court. Matthew Arnold fd. 1888) English poet and critic, professor of poetry at Oxford, helped introduce a new era in criticism and in religion.
Other Matthews of the past were: Flinders (d. 1814) one of the greatest of hydrographers, whose survey of the Australian coast is the basis for modern charts and whose name was given to an island, town and mountain range in Australia ; Perry, naval officer, famous for his treaty with Japan in 1852 safeguarding American commerce in Japanese waters.
Baldwin, co-founder of the Baldwin Locomotive works; Brady, first war photographer in America, who followed the armies during the Civil war with the permission of President Lincoln and made pictures of ncalculable historic value, and Vas->ar (d. 1868), who used the fortune ne accumulated as a brewer to found Vassar college. ' .
Womens Tennis Shoes in white and brown M isses Boys Childrens
Shawville Bakery
1 Reductions on
Memorials
i #
4 I
• I
S •
I I
4 i
• •
4 e
• •
4 •
# 4
4 4
I I
t I
in
4 f
Anniversary and Wedding Cakes A Speciality
Marble and Granite
Style and Comfort for Women
Dr. Clicks Shoe in widths e-ee and bee
It is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting mem orial to the memory of a loved one.
We believe that ou» years of experience iu the manufacture of memorial* enables
us to produce a memorial at all prices.
We offer on any order placed between now and May 1st, a discount of 10 percent.
Phone 89
Mens White Buck Oxford, heavy cup sole
leather sole
crep sole, barge style
H. 1. HOBBS, Prop.
< •
# I
4 4
4 4
suitable
4 I
• a
4 4
• 4
Mens Heavy Work Boots
$2.25 and up
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Shawville
Marble & Granite Works Main Street, Shawville, Que.
Mens Dressy Oxfords, black $%.95 to $5.25
?
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Old Mans Dongola Kid Bals, ee width About the most comfortable boot, you could find for
tired, tender feet
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
O/ideX^knVv
$3.75
mimms
.licit!
Phone. 278
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
t
No writing. No money orders. a No bother. Just call or phone. 100% live delivery guaranteed.
. G. HAROLD BOULTON Bristol Egg A Poultry Association BRISTOL. QEJB.
Panda Sits on Haunches
to Fight; Easily Tamed
The panda (East Indian name: Drder Ferae, family Procyonidae, genus Aelurus, species Aelurus ful-gens), is a raccoon-like mammal Df the southeastern Himalayas. The small panda is about the size of a large cat and has a bushy tail nearly as long as its body, ringed like that af a raccoon, weighs about 300 pounds at maturity. Its fur, which is thick, is a rich red chestnut above and jet-alack below, the face, the inner surface of the ears, and the claws being white.

Successor to 0. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
The giant panda
Kansas and Arkansas
Iowa is pronounced eye-o-wah, with accent on first syllable. Arkansas, used as the name of the state, river and city in Arkansas, is pronounced ar-kan-saw, with chief accent on first syllable. The name of Arkansas City, Kan., is pronounced ar-kan-zas, with accent second syllable. Au Sable is pro nounced o-say-bl, with accent on "say." G. E. Shankle's book
state names says that the similar ,	¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦	II -
ity of the sound of the word “Kan- home in holes and clefts in the sas" with the syllable “arc" pre ocks. It is mainly herbivorous, its fixed, and of the word “Arkansas," foods being chiefly fruits, acorns, is probably accidental, and the bamboo shoots, and roots, but it theories about the latter names be	eggs, milk and butter. Its
Th. ,.m. «.Ii.bi. ...tic	£5SS z wÆiTSJU I
Wilson's Garage	|
Phone 40	"Arkansas" as listed previously beer by putting Its nose in the
That there were two groups of In !;er and ««king instead of lapping
dians, the Kanea and the Akansa. rhe panda “ easily tamed and with similar sounding names, is makes a pleasing pet, but is hard to
affirmed by Marquette's mention of	^ but a warm climate
this in 1673. According to various on account of its susceptibility to authorities, the name Arkansas is • i®0”*
Quapaw, and appears in over 7C |Greek “ailuros,” a cat-like animal variations.
J/ii v v/
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
# I
Ten Gent Table
Sales & Service
MAIN STREET
SHAWVILLB, QUE
Shell Sealed Gas / and Oils
General Repairs
Full-O-Pep Egg Mash
$2.39 per cwt 2.95 "	"
2.55 " " 2.35 " "
I 4
Turkey Starter,
Chick Starter,
Growing Mash,
Starter * Crowing Mash 2.39 " Developing Mash Scratch Grain, fine 1.79 "
The panda lives in the forests of the Himalayas at elevations of 7,000 to 12,000 feet, states a writer in the Indianapolis News. Though an excellent climber it passes much of (he time on the ground, making its
• i
Containing several favourite remedies, Creams, Tooth Paste, Soaps, Toilet Articles, etc.
on
Cold
on
2.10
Every Article a
Real Bargain
coarse 1.69
z
Calf Meal 24 lb. bag .79 cents
• I
# #
Fur Pelts Wanted
Spring Muskrat Skins Wanted. Highest prices paid.
NORRIS K HORNER, • Licensed Fur Dealer
Que.
Seed Corn
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mrs, M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Ste
QUE.
Pride of Niehna, Learning, Golden Glow, Bailey, Sweepstake and Longfellow
a
The word “Aelurus" is from the
name
Shawville
and “fulgena" (Latin) means “shining."
SHAWVILLE.
Phone 43
- :_______________________________________________________________



1



###PAGE###6###
Route the King and Queen Will Take Through Toronto
On May 20, the King*! official birthday, the Scout# will give the leadership across Canada in the celebration of the day by burning a chain of beacons, accompanied by fireworks, in the evening, as was done so successfully to mark the King's Coronation in 1937.
r
(Fmwtsr* s
[ HOSPirAt.
\\
WORTH COMING OVBR FOR!"

I


/


Dixie is s grand smoke any way you lake it. The tobacco stays
• rr , ^ourful until you cut it off the plug-and every pipeful
lasts longer.
As a unique International demonstration of Scout neighbor!! ness, during the day, May 20, Canadian and American Scouts will meet at various points along the boundary line, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, for a goodwill ceremony, and the planting of ''King's Birthday Trees." Notable gatherings are expected on the historic Niagara border, and at Windsor and Detroit.
i
:




»
I
î !
*
1




«ü
f

e-x+HHirio*
/5MPU ---r/y P// A//V6 MV) Qu*ï H ***LM Fito*t P*mr
B<OGS ro HAUT
+*OUS*
/<
I I
tm
FINISH
• •J
_
»
As a result of the outstanding success of the recent Toronto Scout Cyclorama—a fair of booths representing over 100 educational features of the Scout training— held in the Canadian National Exhibition Coliseum and adjoining arena, C.N.E. officials discussed the posibility of the Scout show being made a feature of the great fall fair. The Cyclorama was attended by crowds reminding of big days of the "Ex."

•j:f-

Following release of various plans and counterplans for the royal visit to Toronto en* May 22, the final route for their majesties’ trip through the city is announced as shown on the map. Complete details of every ment of the royal visit to Toronto have also been released, even to the speed of the entourage through streets, which will vary between seven and 16 miles an hour.	'
mo-
city
Eskimo» Thrive
Without Worry
•oon wear grass thin along the edges of flower beds or between the house and the swing or arbor, regular paths are of very practical value. With a little care they will add beauty to the rest of the garden, too. Most, pleasing material of all for this purpose is flagstones. These are broad, flat, thin slabs of any soft stone, usually found in abundance around certain river beds.
They are sunk flush with the ground so that the lawnmower will, run over them, and at least an inch and a" half of grass left between edges. Sometimes a little sand is placed under the stone for drainage.
Other walk materials are sand, cinder or brick.
Kings County Hospitals, New York City.
Because they don’t worry about rent, war scares and "ago phycho-logy, Eskimos rarely suffer heart disease, blood presure 01 cancer," Dr. Victor E. Levine, professor of biological chemistry and nutrition of Creighton University Medical School, Omaha, Neb., said In interview last week.
Dr. Levina declared Eskimo» don’t keep tràck of their ages and never celebrate birthdays—"That’s why they are young till they die."
How Can I?
They tried it on drunks brought to the hospital. The shots convert the alcohol into water and carbon dioxide.
Have Yon Heard
8Y ANNE ASH# EV
Q.—How can I make a good soap substitute for washing ribbons, and also delicate woollen goods?
A.—Some people claim that two or three potatoes grated into a pan of water will give even better results than soap for this purpose.
Q.—How can I prevent eggs from breaking or sticking to the pan when poaching?
A.—Put a few drops of vinegar into the water. Another method is to grease the pan before putting the water into it.
Q.—What is a good tonic for plants?
One of the features of the Scout Cyclorama was a long sheet of hobby work by Wolf Cubs and Scouts, displaying literally thousands of items, from art work to airplanes of every known model, and appetizing examples of the culinary efforts of young camp cooks.
WOULD BANISH ALL PAIN
Medical research workers have discovered a new anaesthetic which they believe will abolish pain all over the body.
The theory is that when body cells are injured they release a powerful substance known as histamine. This substance, it is thought, activates the endings of the nerves which carry pain sensations to and from the brain. The new anaesthetic called thymoxye-thyldietlylamine, neutralizes the histamine and so no pain messages are sent to the brain.
an
Tigers had been ravaging a village and the terror-stricken natives sent for the nearest white man to assist them.
This man was a crack shot and had never been known to miss. His method was to tie a goat to the foot of a tree at dusk, climb the tree, and when the tigers came for the goat, fire at the flash of their eyes. In the morning they would be found dead, shot straight between the eyes.
He followed his usual procedure the first night, but although he fired several shots, when day dawned the goat had gone and there were no dead tigers.
This happened on two succeeding nights. Perturbed, he took a huge torch with him on the fourth night and instead of firing at the flashing eyes, switched on his big torch, and saw, to his amazement, six tigers advancing in pairs each with one eyes shut!
Used Trucks
GARDENING
See our Urge assortment of various makes and models at our Showroom.
$950. G.M.C. '35 T23 B. Stake Body Duals.
$400. Dodge '36 % Ton Pickup.
$525. G.M.C. ’36 % Ton Panel Truck.
$475. Ford '36 ft Ton Panel T ruck.
$275. Chevrolet ’33 ft Tun Panel Truck.
General Motors Products
Of Canada Ltd.
G. M. C. Truck Retail Branch
208 Spadina Ave.,
Toronto
WA. 1831	!
WHEN TRANSPLANTING
Experts point out that the secret 'of successful transplanting is
plenty of water, when the job Is done and for a week or so afterwards. Of next importance will be shade and stimulant. Moving a plant is something like an operation for a human being, and the larger the specimen the more necessary the attention. With shrubbery and trees often main roots are cut and the shock is severe.
CULTIVATION
Aside from the planning and planting, no early job compares with cultivation. Authorities do not ask one to keep the hoe going all Summer, far from it. But they do request that the garden be dug once thoroughly first thing in the Spring, then cultivated twice afterwards. With tools the work need be no than healthy exercise. For the purpose, there is nothing better than a little three or five fingered cultivator or a Dutch hoe. Either of these implements will make short work of a vegetable or flower garden. Cultivation serves a double purpose, it keeps down weeds and it conserves moisture.
STONE WALKS
Particularly in the smaller garden where visitors and children
A
The water in which beef has been washed is an excellent tonic treatment'for plants, especially for roses and geraniums.
Q-—How can I restore the nap of velvet?
A.—Hold the wrong side of the velvet over a boiling kettle, or rub it across the bottom of a hot flat iron which has been turned upside down.
Q.—How can I soften hard wa-
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
once or
1.	When a young man has been introduced to a girl, and likes her very much, is it all right for him to ask permission to call on her?
2.	Isn’t it a friendly gesture to hold a person’s hand, ot* place a hand on his arm, while talking with him?
3.	What would be a good toast for a host to offer to a guest?
4.	Should a business letter always be signed personally by some member of the firm, or is a typewritten signature sufficient?
6. Is it correct to refer to draperies as "drapes”?
6. When a man takes a woman in to dinner, should be offer her his right arm or his left?
Answers
1. Yes, after he has been in her company for a reasonable time, but not within the first twenty or thirty minutes. 2. It may be a friendly gesture, but it is very annoying to some people and should be avoided. 3. “To our guest, and our only request is that he be our guest often.” 4. Every letter should be signed with pen and ink. 6. No; say “draperies.” One might as well refer to curtains as “curts.” 6. He should offer his right arm.
proper
more
ter?
A.—There are several agents that may be used for softening hard water. Among them lemon juice, borax, or an oatmeal
Distributors
"Good card players have Inscrutable features," says a writer. There Is always trouble If it Is noticed that they are wearing their hearts up their sleeves.
are
Exceptional OPPORTUNITY offered serious and responsible men to represent a company selling new line of religious, novelty lamps; also commercial lamps making Neon-like signs. Do not apply unless able to finance small, convenient stock. Liberal arrangement with exclusive territory. If you qualify. Write room 2, 2118 Bleury St.. Montreal.
bag
Q.—How can I increase my weight?
It is said that a wineglass of cream taken after each meal will increase the weight.
A
“I suppose you carry a memento of some sort in that locket ?" said one woman to another.
“Yes, a lock of my husband's
SCOUTING
Classified.....
Advertising
bair
At.âvVI S %\ I VIEIJ
“But your husband is alive." “Sure; but his hair is gone."
JO II II Kit S- A i i E XTSM : A N V A SS K R S
The Boy Scouts of Canada are all ready to play their important part during the visit of Their Majesties King George VI and Queen Elizabeth. At the various stopping places of the royal tour they will assist in lining the streets, and in traffic control. In the larger centres they will maintain mobile first aid units, and will operate lost children bureaus and
On incoming highways they will co-operate in the staffing of information booths for the benefit of motorists.
Limited Osborne Avenue. Toronto.
the most complete une of
Small wares. Novelties. Rasor Blades, Dry Goods. Cosmetics, assembled In a new mammoth Illustrated catalogue. The lowest wholesale prices obtainable — big profits. Free catalogue Phillips Sales Rag'd. 72 Montreal, Que.
"Would you like anything else with your dinner, sir?"
"Yes, that little blonde sitting In the corner over there."
AGENTS! STOREKEEPERS! Make big profits selling our over 250 ,lnea °,t. Drygoods and Small-wares. Write today for free Price
fc8t,o«emral Outfitters Reg'd. Box 965. Place D Armes, Montreal.
Dept. *, Craig W„
«RAY CHICKS FOB SALE
EXPORT DEMAND FOR CANADIAN eggs is Increasing, steadying the market. Look forward to next Fall. Put in a brooder-load of Bray pullet chicks. Bray Hatchery, 130 John Street North, Hamilton. Ontario.
Three slightly deaf men were motoring from the north to London In an old noisy car, and hearing was difficult.
As they were nearing London, one asked: "Is this Wembly?"
“No," replied the second, "this Is Thursday."
“So am I," put in the third. "So let’s stop and have one."
PHOTOCIt A I'll \
A RTIC
£
S FOR SALE
FILMS DEVELOPED ROLL Fl I AIN DEVEUiPED WITH
GRAPH 1 2 RUSSE LI ST. TOR-
FLAGS, BU
^	U -INO, PLAIN AND
Waterproof Truck Covers Tents. Prices and samples * quest. Jffhn Leckfe Ltd.
and on re-Toronto.
rest rooms
¦BUSINESS CHANCES
OUR PRINCIPALS OFFER PROS-perky. Independence. Security, within reach of all. Write ‘Home With Income" Agency, North Hatley. Que.
JEWELRY SPECIALS—WALTHAM Pocket Watches. $4 up. Wrist-watches, Rings, etc.. Violins. Saxa-phones. Unredeemed Pawnbrokers pledges. Catalogue. McTnmney's, Toronto.
free Enlargement with Every roll film developed and 8 high glosa prtnta 25c. 8 enlarged prints 25c. Reprints same price. Brlrht-llng Studio, 29A Richmond Street East. Toronto.
smemu/Ki
mODCMl -jM
/
CERTIFIED SEED POTATOES
"WARBA". WORLDS EARLIEST Potato, large, white, delicious, hardiest, heaviest yielder. Government Certified. 100 strong eyes $L00 postpaid. 8. V. Cowan. Wal-deck. Sask.
CHESTERFIELD BARGAINS
Three-piece
field Suite, repp covering, first class condition Three-piece Used English Velour Chesterfield Suite, com pletely reconditioned .
Honey-tuick Guarantee Freight paid to your afatloa Royal Chesterfield
I'ERNtiNAI
used
Chester
What Science
$19.50
MARRY —HUNDREDS TO CHOOSE from. Many with means.» Farm-daughters.
$24.50
era
Widow» with Particulars 10c.	< *on-
Boa 128 Calgary AN
DEVELOPING
Property
fideutiaT
herta.
&
IS
VS
ROLLS DEVELOPED, ETCHCRAFT enlargement — 8 prints 25c? Reprints 3c. Photoart Service. Trenton, Ontario. Drawer 809.

Doing
___	¦ Manufacturer»
H Rlehmoad Street K., Toronto
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF EASILY. Inexpensively. Home remedy Testimonials. Guaranteed Advice free Bartlett's. Box l. Winnipeg
m
*
L
AVIATION OPPORTUNITY ¦
LEARN TO FLY NOW AT LOW coat. Efficient training — modern equipment Including Radio. Living quarters provided for out-oftown students. Fliers limited. Barker Airport, Toronto.
DOG# FOR SALE
SCOTTISH TERRIERS ALL AGES. Wire Fox Terrier male, from pedigreed stock, low prices. Campbell-croft. Plantagenet, Ont.
«
i
!
TREE RINGS IDEA UPSET
It is now found that telling the age of a tree by the number of its rings is like trying to tell a woman* age ny her looks. *
The discovery upsets one of man’s oldest beliefs that trees put on one ring each year. They are visible when the trunk of a tree is sawed in two.
Trees were discovered in Texas that put on five a year. Hardly any were found that failed to add at least two anually.
IF YOU WANT AN AFFECTION-at© romantic sweetheart, with
S°Mey'u..wr,le:. M^y Lee. 445.(1, Holla, Missouri.
X \
0

FOR SALE
firestone
CHfimpion
PURE MAPLE SYRUP, first quality Write for prices. Order early John M. Gillespie, Abbotsford Que.
SEWING MACHINES H SI PPI.IE#
114IIV CHICKS
"ADEN CHICKS FOB SALE COMMENCING MAY 22nd. YOU CAN buy Baden High Grade Government Approved Chicks at these prices. Standard Quality Barred Rocks, New Hampshire Reds. Hybrids. White Rocks $9.25; Pullets 114.95; Leghorns $8.75; Pullets 118.45; Cockerels $3.00. Dig Efcg Quality the kind that weigh 1*4 to 2 lbs. more when hatched. Heavy Breeds $10.75. Pullets $16. 95. Cockerels $9.00, Leghorns $10. 25. Pullets $20.90. Started chicks two weeks old add to day old prices 6Ho, three-week-old add 10c. Free Circular. Prompt delivery. Lower prices for June. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery, Limited, Baden. Ontario.
FOlt SEWING MACHINES. REpairs, supplies—all makes, new or tiade-in. reconditioned math-Ines lu stock - Write A. Gilbert & Son. 35u Yungs St.. Toronto.
V
RASPBERRIES. LATHAM. 'CHIEF, Viking. Fifteen for dollar, bund Four Dollars. Strawberries, Dollar per hundred, prepaid Tye, Brigden, Ontario.
red
K.
TRACTOR MAGNETO AND ____GENERATOR REPAIR- M
SEND US YOUR TRACTOR MAGNfi. to and Generator Repairs. We save
Allanson Armature Bay St. Toronto.
HATH ROOM OUTFIT# FOR SALE
Firestone triumphs again! This time with the Firestone Champion—more than just a new Cl _	_
kind of tire that provides a combination of safety features never before offered.
IF YOU INTEND INSTALLING A Bathroom outfit or water system write for free Illustrated catai logue with prices. Free Climates on Installations. The J. F. Crowley Company Dundee. Ontario.
you money Manfr., 855
TO SOBER UP DRUNKS
To sober up quickly when dead drunk, take an intravenous injection of insulin and of glucose. Discovery that these two “shots” will quickly reduce the alcohol in the blood was reported by Walter Goldfarb, Karl M. Bowman and Samuel Parker, of Bellevue and
___ USED TIRE# FUN SALE
XtiOU USED TIRES—95c UP FOR any truck or car. Retreads guaranteed twelve month»; dealer* wanted. Ask for free price list. Merrick Tire Co.. 12* King HL W Hamilton.
FEMALE HELP WANTED
the tire is locked and interlocked for greater safety. Then
SPARE TIME INCOME
IS OFFERED# TO RESPONSIBLE woman with good local contacts. Leading magasine publisher seeks neighborhood subscription worker. Experience unnecessary, commissions liberal, generous bonuses. State
Box 30, Room 431, 73 Adelaide St W. Toronto.
TWEDDLE CHICK# FOR MALE BTTLL LOWER PRICES FOR Tweddle chick*. Effective May 18th. Grade A Heavy Breed* 110. 46. 98% Pullets 116.76: Cockerel* $7.60:
$86.76
WHY GO GIlFYf
strength.
I thorns $9.95:	Pullets
Extra Profit grade the over sise chicks Grade A $11.95; Pullets, $11.90: Cockerels $$.00; Leghorn* $11.46; Pullets $21.46. Free calendar and Poultry Guide. —Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus. Ontario.
Give references.
THOSE GREY STREAKS IN YOUR hair arc dead against you. Undoubtedly the finest' remedy lor grey hair Is Morgan'* Pomade. This Is not a dye. but scientifically prepared treatment which revitalise* the hair. 2 ounce $1.06; large four ounce $1.50, postage prepaid. Order from—R. A. Tut hill (Canadian Agent) 911 Rloor BL Weet, Toronto. Mode and sold In England for 50 years.
Gear-Grip tread
KINGS INSTANT EAS1
•0>
*T ALLION FOR SALE
A GOOD BLACK S YEAR OLD Percheron Stallion. registered and enrolled. Henry Hulse. Queens-ville. Ontario
can buy the new
BRAY PULLETS LAY EARLY, LAY heavily, keep on laying what you will want In your laying house next Fall and Winter. Bray Hatchery, 110 John Street North. Hamilton. Ontario.
at
Ju*t
MAIN GOODS
WIGS
lions. Switches Curie end ell types of fin**! quality Hair Goode Wrtlj for lllustreled catalogue. Cor tie# let ms arranged Toronto an Hail *<udvIv «%» MS R«ihur»t Toronto
THU PR*. ritANHKOHJU A
USED CARS & TRUCKS
ni
x n.idge—New % ton Panel.
37 Maple (4«f tft too stake heavy F duty.
Ford—2 ton cab and chassie. 36 Dodge—% ton panel.
Chevrolet*—% ton panels. 34 — Ford Sedan delivery.
All trucks thoroughly recondltlon-t and painted *o suit buyer.
MHITH MOTOR# LTD., TH7 VAUGHAN Hd„ TORONTO
I Forty-eight hundred people have . volunteered to go with Sir Hubert Wilkins, the Australian plorer, on hi* proposed voyage to the Arctic in a submarine.
Hu
À


ex-

X
r
\
HANDY GREASE CONTAINER AND Gun Lo«der. Guaranteed. Clean one minute Job. Write G. E. A Makhow. Stavely, Albert's.
INlMl N
Issue No. 20
’39
###PAGE###7###
CANADA WELCOMES the KING and QUEEN
Ontario Towns And Cities Will See Their Majesties
King George to Broadcast Five Times During Tour
The inter-departmental commit- ? tea arranging for the Royal Tislt has announced the official program for the King and Queen'# tour of 11 Ontario cities and three day# prior to crossing to the United States at Niagara Falls, Ont., for the trip to Washington.
Returning from the west coast and the Prairies, the Royal train will arrive at Sioux Lookout, Ont., from Melville. Sask., at 7.55 p.m., C.S.T., on Sunday, June 4, and will stay at the northwest Ontario town for ten minutes with the Prime Minister presenting the Mayor of Sioux Lookout and Mrs. Moran to Their Majeetiee.	v
On Monday, June 6, at 6.30 p.m./ R.8.T., the Royal party Is scheduled to arrive at Sudbury Junction where the King and Queen will descend to the station platform and the Prime Minister will present the Mayor of Sudbury and his daughter. Mis Laforest, and the Mayor of Copper Cliff. The train wlU leave Sudbury Junction at 7.30 p.m., E.S.T.

Queen Elianheth Will Spent Over Radio Once While Then- Mew.
F~” w~~*




BROADCAST* BY THEIR MAJESTIES
May 16, 1.4S p.m.
May 18, 2.46 p.m.
May 19, 10.45 a m. ...........
(Her Majesty the Queen)
jM# P.m. EDST..........
(Empire Day Add
May 80, 6.00 p.m.
June 16, 1.15 p.m.
men in waiting will drive to the City Hall where the mayor will greet the Royal visitors, hand The King an address from the citizens of Hamilton and invite Their Majesties to sign the visitors’ register. The Queen will accept a bouquet.
Monday,
Thursday,
Friday,
Wednesday,
Tuesday,
Thursday,
EDST...
EDST EDST
....At Quebec
--At Ottawa -At Ottawa
At Winnipeg
At Victoria At Halifax
r•¦•••••¦•«•
• ****
000
• ********
May 24,
********

EDST.........
EDST...
At Niagara Falla
A guard of honor win be Inspected by The King and the train leaves at 3.10 p.m.
The Royal party arrives at St. Catharines at four p.m. EST. Their Majesties will meet the Mayor and his wife and city officials and their wives. *
At 4.10 p.m. The KIpg and Queen, the Prime Minister, an Ontario member of the Federal Cab. lnet, the ladies and gentlemen In waiting will drive to Niagara Falls, arriving at the boundary of the city at six p.m., where they will be met by a mounted escort. The King will receive a Royal salute from the escort and the Royal party will proceed to the administration building at Queen Victoria Park.
The procession will drive to the C.N.R. Station at 9.10 p.m. and a guard of honor will be Inspected by The King. At 9.30 p.m. the Royal train leaves Niagara Falls for the United States.
Those who have been able to the script prepared by the CBC for the Empire Day Broadcast at which Hie Majesty will make his principal speech during his tour of
Lady Nunburnkolme And Lady I CBDS<*a» declare It to be a very Un" "	-	1 presetve piece of writing. Simplic-
ity le its keynote.
Each participant, typical cltisene from all walks of life scattered throughout 'the Empire, has submitted his little speech In which he talks about himself and hie age | work. There will be no frills and no pompous ceremonial.
While the King’s Here
TO BM HEARD......May 19, 10.4#
AM all networks—Her Majesty speaks at the laying of the corner stone of the new Supreme Court Building
Queen Brings Two Ladies With Her
see
anti.
The Queen has chosen two ladi in-waiting, of about her own , _ from among her friends to aeeomp-any her to Canada. They are both women who have known her atace the days when they went to children's parties, and both have ohil-dren who flay with the young Princesses.
Lady Nunburnholme, tall, stately, lovely to look at, has fair English coloring and large grey eyes. She i* 36, and as the youngest daughter of the Marquis of Bath, was Lady Mary Thynne before her marriage in 1927. Popular with the Royal family—at one time rumor went she was to marry the then Prince of Wales—she was one of the large retinue of bridesmaids at the Queen's wedding in Westminster Abbey and also an attendant when Princess Mary, now the Prim Royal, married Viscount LaeeeHee. ow of a few months. She has three Both Are Close Friends Lady Katherine Seymour le the same age as the Queen and a wid-
King George VI and Queen Elizabeth
10-Minute Stops Planned
Three 10-mlnute stops will be made on the afternoon of June 6. At 1.36 p.m. E.8.T. the Royal train will arrive at Guelph, at 2.15 p.m. H.8.T. at Kitchener, and at 3.20 P.m. E.8.T. at Strattoid.
At each city the Prime Minister will Introduce the Mayor and his wife. The Mayor will present an address of welcome and ther will present the members of the City Council, officials and their wives.
The Royal train will visit Windsor at*7.30 p.m. E.S.T. that evening and a 21-gun salute will be fired as' Their Majesties leave the train to have the Prime Minister present the Mayor of Windsor and Mrs. Croll. A guard of honor will be Inspected by the King and the Mayor will present His Majesty with an address from the people of Windsor. Her Majesty will accept a bouquet.
2.45 P.M all networks —the King and Queen visit the Parliament Buildings at Ottawa ..._ Saturday, May 20, all networks, 10.45 A M Trooping of the Colour at Parliament Hill described from the Main Steps of Parliament Buildings in Ottawa....May 22, all net.
works, 11.30 A M , Description of the Royal procession from the Toronto City Hall to Queen’s Park 11.60 AM, Address of Welcome to Their Majesties by the Premier of Ontario and Present* tion of Members of Ontario Provincial Parliament ...... 12.46 P.M„
Presentation of Colours to Toronto Scottish by Her Majesty the Quest	¦¦¦¦¦(¦
soription of the Royal arrival at Port Arthur works, Songs of greeting to Their. Majesties by Fort William School
children's choir
networks, Arrival of the Royal Party at Fort William boundary ......
May 24, all networks, 1.30 P.M., Address of Welcome to Their Majesties by the Premier of Manitoba
on their arrival in Winnipeg ____
2.15 to 3.16 PM., all networks throughout the British Empire, the United States etc., EMPIRE DAY BROADCAST to and from the entire British Empire and HIS MAJESTY THE KINO addressing his subjects everywhere at 3 P.M.
EDgT from Winnipeg......8.15 PJf.
all networks, the ceremony of the Black Beavers, presented to Ids
Majesty the King .... May 25, all
networks, 4.30 P.M., Address of Welcome to Their Majesties by the Premier of Saskatchewan on their arrival in Regina

King Unveils New National War Memorial
Planes To Escort King and Queen
R.C.A.F, Fighting Planes Accompany Their Majesties Dur-
Ceremony Highlights Their Majesty’s Visit To Ottawa— » Cornerstone Of New Supreme Court Building Laid By Queen Elizabeth. ‘
Tour.
••••••
Escorts of fighting planes have been provided for King George VI and Queen Elizabeth by the Royal Canadian A|r Force during various • 'stages .of their tour of Canada. y The air escort met the battleship Repulse at sea and accompanied It up the St. Lawrence River until the ship docked at Quebec City, May 16. Qthèr planes will accompany the Royal train from Belleville Statloq, Ontario, to the Royal Canadian Air Force base at Trenton. A squadron will be also provided on the journey between Vancouver and Victoria and return. Additional escorts will


• The four-day panorama^of state ceremonial and military pageantry in Ottawa May 20 will provide the King and Queen with a broad crosssection view of the capital’s varied 3 population.
| Highlight of the visit of the Klhg I and Queen to Ottawa Is the unveil-I tng of the National- War Memorial I In Confederation Square/ May 18.
I His Majesty’s address to the thous-I ands gathered about the massive I granite pile in the city’s main I. square is being broadcast to all I Canada and the United States.
Trooping Of The Color
Secondary features of the capital program include laying of the cornerstone of the new Supreme Court building by Her Majesty, trooping of the çplor by the King, a state dinner, a dinner for members of the Senate and Commons, a birthday garden party for His Majesty and a state ceremony where the King will either give
Royal assent to a number of bills or prorogue parliament. ÏT"
Welcome From Governor • General
Cannon crashing out a Royal salute will herald the arrival of the Royal train from Montreal on May -17, an hour before noon. Prime Minister Mackenzie King will descend from the train with their Majesties, who will be welcomed to the capital by their hosts, Gover* non General and Lady Tweedsmulr.
Also on the special platform beside the railway tracks on the outskirts of the city will be cabinet members, Senators and House of Commons members from the Ottawa area and Speakers of both Houses.
May U, 6 P M , De-
******
6.20 P.M., all neb
******
•t
6.45 P.M., all
••••••
London, Windsor
On Wednesday, June 7, the Royal Crain will arrive at the C N R. station at London at 10 a m. EST. and the King and Queen will be met by the Mayor of London and his mother, Mrs. Johnston, who will be presented by the Prime Minister. *
A* 10.20 a.m. Their Majesties, the Prime’ Minister, an Ontario member of the Federal Cabinet, the Mayor and his mother, and the ladles and gentlemen In waiting will drive through the city.
When passing the municipal offices, The King and Queen will sign the official visitors’ book of the city which will be brought to their motor car. At 10.55 a.m. the Royal party returns to the C.N.R. station and at 11 a.m. the train leaves for Ingersoll where a stop will be made from 11.30 a.m. E S T. to 11.40 a.m. and the usual procedure regarding presentations at short stops followed.	t
U
Royal Train Is Blue And Gold
accomp-/Their Majesties from Cape Tormentine, N.B., to Charlotte, town, P.E.I., and thence to Pictou,
N.S. When the Empress starts the retbrn Journey to England from Halifax a flight will accompany It •- until beyond sight of Canadian territory.
Sflwèr Panels Between * The Windows; 12 jCars Included in Equipment For . The King's Use.	'*
small children, one son and two
daughters, also playmates of the JBtfekttigham Palace children.
Youngest daughter of the Dike of Abercorn, she was appointed to the* present Royal household lady-of-the-bedchamber same day as Lady Nunburnkolme, March 1, 1937, when preparation for the Coronation were under way,, and the Queen asked the help of her close friends.
The Royal Train which bears the King and Queen on their Canadian tour has 12 cars the same as the pilot train that will precede It, carrying the press officials.
Color scheme of the Royal Train Is royal blue with sliver panels between the windows and horizontal gold stripes above and below the window line for the length of cars. The two private cars of the Governor-General, which are being used to carry the King and Queen, carry the Royal coat of arms. Other cars bear the royal cypher and crown.
The Canadian National Railways prepared four locomotives and the Canadian Pacific, two.
Picked Personnel Cooks, waiters and porters on the Royal train were under close medical surveillance for 72 hours before they began the Canadian tour with King George and Queen Elizabeth. All food served to Their Majesties is carefully supervised for purity and all drinking water| served is from a bottled supply of tested water.
There are 18 Canadian National Railways employees classified a# food handlers and three or four Negro porters of the Canadian Pacific Railway sleeping car service assigned to the care of the Royal retinue.
Royal Train’s
on
Post Office
- Philatelists will be able to obtain the special postmark of the Royal Train Post Office by sending to the Philatelic Division (Royal Train Covers,) Financial Branch, Post Office Department, Ottawa.
Such Canadian

Rebroadcasts
At 11.16 PM, BD6T every evening throughout the tour of Their Majesties in Canada and the United States, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation will present s rebroadcast of the highlights of the activities of the Royal Party that day.
Queen Bringing
Finest Jewels
stamps as are required to be cancelled with the special postmark, or a remittance sufficient to cover the value of stamps, should be sent in with the
Requirements may be stated in a brief, enclosed let-
» Sign Visitors' Rfcgister
Another 10-mlnute stop will be .made at Woodstock with the train
arriving there at noon E.S.T. and the city officials will be presented as they also will be at Brantford where the Royal party arrives at 12.60 p.m., for a 15-minute stop. Besides the usual presentations at Brantford Their Majesties will autograph the Queen Anne Bible of the Six Nations Indians.
The sovereigns arrive at Hamilton at 1.46 p.m. E.S.T. and will meet the city officials. A 21-gun salut'e will be fired and a guard of honor inspected. Their Majesties, the Prime Minister, an Ontario member of the Federal Cabinet, the Mayor of Hamilton and Mrs. Morrison and the ladies and gentle-
Queen Elisabeth Is wearing a diamond maple leaf-shaped brooch on occasion during her Canadian visit. -
The brooch, & present from King George, will be among the many pieces of fine Jewelry Her Majesty Is taking to Canada and the United States.
Among others is her favorite brooch which is a badge of Her Majesty's Own Regiment, the Black
Watch. She uses this brooch to pin flowers to her coat.
The Queen has also brought her Pearls which were a present flroa her father, Lord Strathmore.
cov-
ers.
ter.
This special post office will be operated for the convenience of the Royal party and the officials accredited to the Royal Tour.
¦
Dress Not Set For Royal Trip
They Are A Happy Family:
i
Those Who Will Meet The
About Attire
S3

Dr. H. L. Keenleyside, chairman of the committee In charge of arrangements for the royal visit, saye that no instructions on the matter of drees have been issued.
• "There’s no sense in telling people they’ll have to buy a complete new outfit because they’ll be presented for 10 seconds to the King and Queen," he said. “We’re Issuing no instructions whatever on the matter of dress. People wear what they like on any occasion.”

Semi -Streamlined Engine Pulling It
a
v


Royal Train Piloted By 25 C. P. R. Engineers In Turn.
DOMINION Or C
A semi streamlined engine—No. 2850 of the Canadian Pacific power fleet la hauling the royal train from Quebec to Vancouver, while 25 C. P. R. engineers In turn handle the throttle on the coast to coast run.
King*s Barber
During Tour
I Paul E. (Red) Tasse, popu-I iar proprietor of the Chateau I Laurier (Ottawa) barber ship, I is barber by appointment te I His Majesty King George VI, I on the Royal train during its I trip across Canada.	ï I
I For 36 years Mr. Tasse has I been engaged in barbering in I Ottawa and this is the I ing honor of his life so far.
To Meet Royalty At U.S. Border
Secretary of State Cordell Hull will greet King George and Queen Elizabeth at the Canadian border when they enter the United States during their trip to# America.
Hull will accompany the King and Queer, by train to Washington, where President Roosevelt
From the time Engineer Eugene Leclerc took over the 2860 at Quebec City on May 16, until the train bearing King George VI and Queen Elisabeth pulls Into Vancouver station May 29, the engine will have completed upward of 2 600 miles. It la believed to be a run not hitherto carried out by a single e
•t them at the statioa.
crown*


Sum
»'
t*

we Little

rf.v

4 4*

: tl
\
###PAGE###8###
Look Sere
Alarcon First White to
Glimpse Colorado Desert
The coming of the white man to the Colorado desert began with the conquest of Mexico by the Spanish troopers of Hernando Cortez back in 1519. From Spanish Mexico began the expansion that sent Cabrillo into southern California in the forty-second year of that century, observes a writer in the Los Angeles Times.
Alarcon probably was the first white man to glimpse the Colorado desert when he conducted the water expedition up the Colorado river in search of the mythical Seven Cities of Cibola. His explorations supplemented the work of Coronado, who ventured northeast and discovered that the supposedly wealthy cities were only miserable pueblos of the Arizona and New Mexico Indians.
No further attempt to explore the Colorado desert was made for more than two centuries, when de Anza was commissioned to seek an overland route to the coast of California. In 1774 he crossed the Salton basin with a few hardy adventurers, and met friendly Indians at the eastern base of San Jacinto mountains.
The Spanish regime In California was threatened in 1579 when Queen Elizabeth's Sir Francis Drake steered the "Golden Hind" into San Francisco bay and claimed California for Great Britain. The British, however, did not colonize their "discovery" and the iron grip of Spain remained on the land for two more centuries.
After discovery came settlement and the missions were established. In 1821 the revolt of Iturbide In Mexico broke the Spanish yoke which had held California for so long. Then ensued the golden years of lazy living in California. With the exception of a few Yankees who were absorbed into the culture of the land, there was almost complete isolation which left undisturbed the ideal life of the Californians.
Before the gold rush, settlers had come into California and set up the famous Bear Flag republic. Still another republic was established after this, and it was this government that was admitted into state hood in 1850.
r
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost otc.
FOR SALK-One three year-old gelding and one four-rear old mare. Apply to Donald McPhse, Maryland, Que. Phone 23 -10, Shawvllle.
PEDLAR’S
Shawville Beauty
Shoppe
Metal Roofing
and Siding
COTTAGE FOR RENT - Cottage at Sand Bay for rent during July and August. Apply to J» A, Alexander, 306 Bell Street, Ottawa.
FOR SALR-Two hundred pounds of Seed Barley. Apply to Sam Hamilton, Shawvllle.
FOR SALR-A dark grey Percheron Colt, 3 years-old. Apply to Herman Ballanttne, Maryland, Que. Phone, 23 14, Shawville._______
FOR SALR-A quantity of Irish lOob-bler Seed Potatoes. Apply to Alf, Elliott, Shawvllle. Pohne 2015.
Permanent Waves from
$1.00 to $7.50

'X.
Barn and Stable Equipment

25 cents
Finger Waves, Shampoo, - -
ROOFING
We handle everything in these lines
Roofing Carried in Stock
FOR SALE - 1:89 Pontiac Do Lux Coupe, with four practically new tires. For further particular* vpp|y to Pernor Ballantynk, Maryland. Phone, 8-10.
25 cents
FOR SALE— A quantity of Banner Seed Oats, from registered seed. Apply to James T. Outhbertson. R. R. No. 3, Shawfllle.
9.00 a.m. to 7.00 p.m.
Open from
Tuesdays and Saturdays 9.00 a m. to 11.00 p.m.
DEAN BROS.
PIGS FOR SALK - Young Pig* W mate, ready to take May 5th. Apply to Paul Pbrry, Barry River, Calumet
Island, Que.
Quebec
Phone 9-19
Stark’s Corners,
Shawville R. R No. 2.
Miss Vera Klatt
Semi-Annual Meeting Pontiao L.0.L
Quebec
Shawville,
PHONE 66-w
.1 A*, i
Card of Thanke
Our Ancestors Feasted
on Variety of Wildfowl
Vr
PHHHBHPHPH	Mrs. F. R. • Armstrong and William
"Poultry" is represented by tur- | Armstrong, Brothers and Sisters, wish key, goose, duck, hens, chickens, to express their appreciation and thanks plover, pheasant, partridge, and to their many good neighbours and sundry wildfowl. Our ancestors en- friends for kindness during their recent joyed a much wider choice, and had bereavement, more original ideas about cooking their table fowls, observes a writer in London Tit-Bits Magazine.
Cranes were stewed, the head and neck hanging outside the pan; when nearly cooked the neck was forcibly pu led from the body, bringing with it all the tough muscles. Swans,
HSBBBSM
hei ons at one feast
Gannet is described as a most delicate fowl, to be eaten before the meal proper, "after being eaten
r. mss, t sss	—r
**
Summer Clothing
JL
Mens Sport Trousers, grey, fawn and blue Sizes 30 to 38...............................
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
County Pontiac L.O.L Will bold ils Semi annual County Meeting at No» 1473 Lodge Room, Stark's Corner#, on Tuesday, June 6tb, commencing at one o'clock in the afternoon. All members welcome.
$2.95
Mens Sanforized Cotton Outing T. outers in check and stripped pattern s ..............
Rexkort) Wilson, Norval Kiloolr, Co. Master
$1.95
Co. Secretary
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
First Counterfeiting The first New England and New
New Jewellery
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
50c
Stanfields Shirts and Shorts, each

Presenting the new 1936 Catalogue of Jewellery, featuring Bridal Wreath Rings, Wedding Presents, etc» within 3 days.
Extra Value in Sweat Shirts, white and coloured Regular $1.25 to clear at.....................
Any order filled
59c
ROY E. CONE. Jeweller Opposite Pontiac House Shaw* ille, fcQue.
SHAWVILLE - QUE
25c
Cotton Caps
1
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher

\
Cleveland Pioneers Had
, No Trouble With Indians
Cleveland was never bothered by hostile Indians
the early settlers' Indian neighbors for the most part very friendly, trading freely, bringing game to sell at the doors of the pioneers’ cabins. A typical Indian neighbor the famous chief, Seneca, whose people had an encampment the east side of the Cuyahoga, little north of Superior avenue.
For a number of years Seneca was frequently in or about the young town, and always at peace and on good terms with the whites, who remembered him as "a noble sped-	. Wordg "Wop,” "Dago"
men of Indian character.	The word “wop" is shortened
The only time that Cleveland had	“wapparousa,-" a Sicilian lo-
anything lo fear from Indians was ,. variousiy translated as ‘ during the War of 1812, when the 60od.tor_nottithg fellow or a feUow British had enlisted some of them » ,g boastfuli talkative and against the Americans, notes a writ-	^he term “Dago" is a cor-
the Cleveland Plain Dealer.	of the Spanish “Diego,”
But the scene of action was always	£ivalent t0 the English name
east or west or north of Cleveland. . . or jeck. The term was forA small military force was sta- . applied by sailors to Span-tinned here and built Fort Hunting- . ,g Portuguese and Italians in ton, a log redoubt, on the lake front	’ , 0ther authorities believe
near W. Third street. There were, an » the word is merely a corrup-early historian writes, alarms and I q{ the nickname derived from excursions, comings and goings, ,.Hidal„0 •• formerly used of any
«ucï I t-rel«n« from Latin Europe.
About Barbara Fritehie
Barbara Hauer was bom in Lancaster, Pa., December 3, 1766. She educated in Baltimore and married John C. Fritehie, a glove manufacturer of Frederick, Md., where they lived on West Patrick street. Mrs. Fritehie was benevolent, quiet, fond of flowers and thoroughly well read. She had no children. Prior to the Civil war, she and her husband were slave owners. She died m 1862 and was buried in the cem-of the Reformed church of
On the contrary,
was
IN SALES
were
was
The biggest selling 1939 model cor in Conodo—onj morfftgn A#— the world’s biggest selling car for seven out of the lost eight years.
on
etery
Frederick
IN PERFORMANCE
It’s faster on the getaway.. . it's stronger on the hills much better oil-round performer . . . than other cars in its field.
and a
# e #
a
IN FEATURES
or in
Steering Column Gear-Shift with "Vacuum Assist". Now Aero-Stream Styling, Now Radios by fisher. Chevrolet's Famous Vohre-in-Heod Six. Perfected Quadra-Action Hydraulic Brakes. New "Observation Car" Visibility. Advanced Knee-Action Riding System with Shockproof Oval Cross Steering (on Master Do luxe Models). Tiptoe-Mafic Clutch.
IN VALUE
was never or siege.
Electric Light Curfew
Tracing the Viking Cello	I ^^^bedtime sincere him of the
The Viking ’cello evolved from lury but 50 years ago, when tbe old Norwegian salmodikon and .	wired for electricity were
Irish bull fiddle. When the Norwe- | ^ and far between, it established gians came into the Wisconsin lum- ^ ^ o’clock curfew, says a bulletin her camps they created from crack- ^ General Electric company. Part U boxes, broom sticks or anything f afi agreement which a customer available, crudely made musical entered into in subscribing for the instruments, among them the sal- servjce 0f one light company of the modikon, fashioned after their na- nineties specified that the lamps tional instrument, which was played must ^ lurned out promptly at 10 flat on the table, using a violin bow. j m Not only that, but the eus-Later this instrument was mounted tomer was not to turn on his lights and held in an upright position. A a| aU on Sundays, movable fret of wood was substituted for the finger to move along the	for sound
Thus came into being the “Camp I jjyde county, North Carolina, Irish Bull Fiddle." Later a famous [ farmers do not record their land in Norwegian violin maker in Wiscon- acretj but by a unit derived from improved it, added a sound base, the spacing of corn hills. A man in the violin, mounted it on a ,ays he ha» "5,000 in cotton," mean-long neck supported at the base by ^ng he has planted cotton on land two prongs to five the Viking effect, sufficient to accommodate 5,000 hills decorated it with an ancient Nor- ^	(1,500 hills of corn equal
wegtan symbol, and christened B 0ne acre.)
= •* C v -1 '
Dollar for dollar, feature for feature, car for car, H gives you more for your money than any other car in its price range—thanks to
Chevrolet’s volume leadership.
Low Monthly Payments on the General Motors Instalment Plan.
cute
er
»
I
»
i

»
hi
i
iiumi
i
I

I
it:
i
i
John L. Hotigtns
Quebec
Shawville
sin
1
its
BUY FROM A BUSINESS LEADER . ¦. YOUR CHEVROLET DEALER

L
