###PAGE###1###



$


I
No. 18	001 u Yeaji
SHAWV1LLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, OCTOBER i»9th 1642
DAMfK-Tbe annual dunce cf Adiim Rebekah Lodge will be held at the Theatre Hall on Monday evening, November 2nd. Ken Shaw'» orchestra, of Renfrew, in Attendance. Admission, 3.1 cents.
St. Paul’s Church Bazaar will be held at the Shawville Theatre on Friday afternoon and evening. Dec. 4th. In the evening the JntVor Guild will present their play, “Eyes of Love.
The ladies of St. Alban's Church Guild, Parkman, will hold a tale of home cooking and fancy articles on Nov. 14th, at two o’clock in the afternoon, at Sly’s Drug Store.
MARRIED
PERSONAL MENTION
t GOWLING
BUSINESS COLLEGE

IIaiums—Ade
Responsibilities
go with<Rights
Dr, II. K Dagg, of Montreal, was in town for a few day» during the paît week.
St. Barnabas Church, Bristol Mines, xva* the scene of a wedding im Monday, Oct. 2f)th, when Rita Winnifred Ade. youngest d.uigh Capt Wallace Hodgina, R.U.A.P. I ter of Mr. and Mrs. John Ade. of RucklilTe, has been spending a fur-1 Bristol Mines, became the bride of lough with his parent*. Mr. and Pte. James Wilmer Harris, only Mrs. John L Hudgins.	son of Mr. and Mrs. Sam Harris,
of Chat teris, the Rev. K. C. Bol-Mrs. Austin McDowell ha* re- ton, at Shaw ville, officiated at the turned home after visiting at the *@rvlce.
home of her daughter, Mrs. Ken* r,|H bride, xvh > was attended by netli Phillips, :u Cornwall.	|llel fi-ter, Mrs Raymond Hodgins,
wore a hcaveuly blue satin hack
Me. nml Mrs. Alex Olm-tea-l nml lerT dT"’ " blu* l,Ht	"avy
coat and accessories.
The matron of*honour wore a
triple sheer dress of heavenly blue
and a navy blue hat and accès.
scries.
The bride's mot her chose a dress Stella Black and little I of two tone blue with a grey hat daughter. Fredda, of Otter Lake, and accessories to match. The have gone to Ruuyn to spend a groom's mother wore a brown few weeks xvith the former’s sister, sheer dress with matching accès-Mrs. Pete Racine.	Isoties
The best man was Mr. Raymond Hodgins.
A wedding dinner was served at
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa Ontario
This old reliable school has reuioved to laige and finer preàiLes. The finest and most model niu Ontario Attend a school with an established reputation Open all year.
Hundreds of thousands of young Canadians have decided that Canada is worth fighing for, We other^hundreds of thousands at home must decidedthaf(Canada is worth nerving for—saving for—lending for

w. E. COWLING President
H. W. B R AIT H WA IT i Principal
i
daughters, of Aylmer, were Sun* day guests at the home of the hitter's parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Austin McDowell.

. Douglas Homer Receives ‘‘Silver mg” at Mountain View, Ont
%
JAMES A. MILLAR
m nowing mmsnow vv
u Burvmy! y
B. A...L L L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle's^Hotel, Campbell's Bay • very Wednesday At Pontiac House, Shaw ville .every Wednesday at Noon
Hitt Douglas Horner, R C.A.F, of Greenwood, N. S„ arrived on Saturday evening to spend a furlough with his parent*. Mr. and Mrs. Jack W. Horner, at Radford.
Douglas received hi- wing at Mountain View, Ont., on Friday and wan awarded a “silver wing for proficiency in wireless air gunnery, obtaining the highest score in the graduating class. In Sep* tern her Sgt Douglas Horner received the school prize for general efficiency as well as the squadron commanders award for academics.
Mrs
etc
^VICTORY BONDS
morning
1
Miss Margaret Curley, of Sud Curley, at Weirstead.

«
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE
The newly married couple plan to reside in Charted* until Fte. - A „ .Harris is recalled for military
Supt. oi Foil- duty
tiac Community Hospital, accoro* panied by Miss Kay Woodley, spent the week end at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Graham, at Pakenlmiu, Out.
Sponsored by
Miss V. G ni h a
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
-r Estate C. J. Caldwell •-
Gogo—Elliott
On Thursday evening Dorothy Leola. youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs Win. Elliott, of Claren don township, was united in marriage to Cecil Gogo, son of Mr. and. Mrs. Norman Gogo, of FarrenN Point, Ont. The cere mon
|	performed quietly at the
The secretary of Pontiac Lodge I Church Parsonage at Renfrew, by A. F. and A. M., and friends in H. B. Neal, town received word last week of For the occasion the bride wore the death of Mr. John Grant, at a becoming dress of royal blue Clinton, Out.	cifpe with navy hat and accès-
Mr. Grant was a native of Scot *0l}**9	, , ,
land, and for many years resided _	'' ere attended by Mr, and
in Shawville, being employed by T*' Harold Gogo, of Kemptville. the late Thomas Shore, proprietor I Out., the former a brother ol the of the Shawville Marble Works. I Rroom. .
After leaving here, about fourteen Later in the evening supper years ago, he became owner of the " as served at the home of the Clinton Marble Works.	brides parents near Shawville.
His wife, the former Annie 0n Friday Mr and Mrs. Gogo left
Laundry, of Shawville. died about niotor for rarren s Polnt " here 18 yea re ago, and he is survived ^©y are to reside, by two daughters.
Bristol Busy Bets
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C

The Bristol Busy Bees met at the home of Mrs. Arthur Pitt on Oct. Kith, with 11 members and 9 visitors present.
The president, treasurer and secretary, were authorized to do the buying for the Christmas boxes of our lad* in uniform. There will be 15 boxes to fill
It was decided to hold a Tea and Sale sometime in November.
Mrs. Pitt gave a very fine report of the Convention held at Qnvon United Church, on October 15th.
Part of the evening was spent sewing and knitting for the Red Cross.
Refreshments were served by the hostesses. Mr*. Arthur Pitt and Miss Beth Macfarlane, assisted by Miss Louisa Harkuess.
l
Solicitor, etc;
Ornez : Campbell's B«i>, Quebec ( In| Lawn Block )
Joke Grant Dies Suddenly at Cliaten Oat.
y was United
DONAT Le GUERRIER
Cold Weather Reminders
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with by corretpondenc
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT .. BARRISTER HULL, QUEBEC
¦T Institute
Clarendon W
MEN’S WINDBREAKERS
Splendid selection of Windbreakers, two-tone combinations, plain and fancy patterns, zipper or
button fronts. $3.50 to $12.00
Mrs. Anthony Caldwell, Former Resident of Bristol Dies ml Carp

The October meeting of the Clarendon Women's Institute whs held at the home of Mrs. Pearl Garrety, with 12 members and 10 visitors present.
The president. Mrs. H. Hodgins, had charge of the meeting assisted by the secretary, M. Corrigan.
After the opening exercises, correspondence was read. A letter of thanks from the secretary of the Pontiac Community Hospital was read.
Final plans regarding the overseas boxes were made.
Mrs. Garrety was appointed to attend the convention at Quyon.
Mrs. S. E Me Dowell instructive address on " fare of the child”.
The Roll Call was answered bv "Naming a remedy our grand mothers used for common ailments.”
The meeting closed by singing the National Anthem, after which refreshments were served by the hostess assisted.by Mrs. L. Horner, Mrs. R.. Sheppard and Mrs. T Stephens.
October Meeting of Shswville Women’s Institute
Consultations by Appointment
death occur!ed suddenly The October meeting of the I following a heart attack on Sun* Shawville Women's Institute was day. Oct lKth, 1942, of Marion held at the home of Mrs. W. E. Galbraith Fraser, beloved wife of Shaw. There were 20	members	Mr. Anthony	Caldwell, at	her
and 1 visitor present.	Mrs A.	home on the	first concession of
Draper, the president, presided IFitzioy and the minutes of last meeting She was born 68 years ago at were read and approved	•	Bristol, Que., daughter of the	late
It was decided to send Xmas	Mr. and Mrs.	Jamc* Fraser	and
boxes to the Shawville boys now following her marriage 42 years serving overseas. The contents ago, came to reside on the tarm was left to the Committee. Pop home w here she lived till her
pics are to be sc Id on Armistice death,	t ,
Day and a special service is to be | Surviving besides her husband held in St. Paul s Church at 10.30 are two son*, Donald, at home, and a. m. on Nov. 11th,	| Harry, serving in the 8th division,
Mrs. R. A. Hodgins and Mrs. Reconnaissance unit of the Cana-Austin McDowell were appointed dian Army Overseas, now in Eng delegates to the semi annual con- land; one daughter, Mrs Thomas vention at Quyon.	McClure, one brother, Mr, Donald
A very interesting paper was Fraser, of Ottawa, and one grand read by Mrs. C. H, McLean on daughter, Helen McClure. Synthetic Rubber. Arrangements The funeral, which was held on were made to obtain a Travelling Thursday, Oct. 20th, from her Library from McGill University late home, was largely attended for che use of the members.	by relatives, friends and neigh
Mrs, W. E. Shaw thanked the hours. Rhv. Harold A. Turner, Institute for their gift on the pastor of Pa ken ham * United occasion of her 25th anniversary, church, conducted the service at Refreshments were rerved by the home ami graveside, the hostess assisted by Mrs. C. The pall bearers were John Wilsou nud Mrs. W. Howard. Caldwell, of Shawville, Que., and
W m. Ruddy. Dickson McClure. James Lillie, Russell Bowes and Lewis Smith, all ot Fitzroy. Interment was made in Arnprior cemetery.
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
MEN’S WINTER SHIRTS
Heavyweight suede ond flannel, stripes and plaids, very attractive and serviceable, all sizes 144 to 18
DR. H. K. NEILSON
$1.50 and $1.95
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat SPECIALIST
MEN S WOOL SOCKS
ave an e wel-
T%
Good wool socks are very scarce, but we have a
We call them a 50 cents per pair.
ILDI
I
few “HANSON SOCKS’*.
special bargain at
ONT.
OTTAWA
PHONE, 2-7961
BOYS’ WINDBREAKERS
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Cladstone,
OTTAWA. ONTARIO
Through early buying we have a splendid stock of Boys’ Windbreakers in heavy-weight cloths and good styles. See what we
offer at $3.00 to $4.50

LEATHER MITTS and GLOVES
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists on ml (visual and muscular eye defects
T, T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg Optometrist
Seveaty-three Per Cent of Third Victory Loan Subscribed
At the close of the dity s business ou Tuesday, Pontiac County baa raised 73 per cent of its ob jective for the Third Victory War Loan. The allocation for the County is $250,000, and towards this there had been raised $180.550 at the end of the ninth day with eleven days yet to go. The amounts for the various districts as reported by the canvassers to the headquarters in Shawville to secretary, C. H, McLean, are as follows:—
Chapeau.......
Fort Coulonge Campbell’s Bay Shawville.
Quyon
The salesman, who is leading in the sale of bonds in the County, is John L Hodgins, of Shawville. with $22,250. with Morley Hodgins, of Shawville, a close second. Shawville district has excelled
1100,000, it has raised $123,050, which is nearly 24 p. c. beyond its objective. The canvassers are still busy, and by the time that every home has been visited it i® expected that they will go over 90 p. c. beyond their amount Tne first bonds that were bought on the opening day purchased by Mr. Herbert VV of Shawville The salesmen report that in every case they were well received and that the people ere anxious to purchase bonds that victory ma> be assured.
Our assortment is still good although leather
Buy your requirements do Special pullover mitts at 98c per pr.
goods are scarce, not hoard
l
Reg. Optometrist
Gordon T. Paul I N SU RANCE
Farm aid Home Beaadfkatien Wieners Honoured at Baaqaet
A well attended supper-buna was held in the Sunday Sen room of St, Andrew's Church, Bristol, to honour the Farm and Home Beautification Endeavor, sponsored by the Women's Institutes of Pontiac County, nnd the F aimer’s Magazine, Toronto. The county president, Mrs. W. J. Mur ray, presided for the toast list and addresses interspersed with songs Mrs. F. Armstrong was accompanist.
Those who spoke in proposing or responding to toasts Messrs. Neil Drummond, Wyman MacKeelmie, R W. Hodgins, Jas Campbell, C. B. Dalton. Misses Emma Meldrum and Abbie Prit chaad. Special speakers were Mr.
stor of IWSA
M L A .,
Mackinaw Coats Sweaters Underwear and Breeches
let
i
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
ool
John Gordon Life Long Resident Dies at the Age of 78
6ut.
On Thin sday evening. Oct 22nd, John Gordon, a life lonp resident of Bristol township, died at the the age of 78 years
He was a member of one of Bris tol s oldest families and his death occurred at the Gordon homestead near wyman, where he was born. In 1897 he was married to Hannah Graham Cuthbertson, of Clarendon, who survives him, with two sons and daughter, namely, James Gordon, vice principal of Shaw-ville High School ; Robei t Gordon, of Three Rivers, Que., and Bessie, of Ottawa; also one sister, Mrs Thomas Smith, of Shawville.
The late Mr. Gordon was a member of the Orange Order for many years, his home lodge being No 46, Bristol.
He was a member of Bristol Memorial Presbyte# ian Church
The funeral, which was under the direction of L. O. L No. 46, was held on Sunday afternoon, service being conducted at the late home.
Interment was made in Norway t Bay Cemetery.
NOTHM MATTBtS NOW
Mr
$ 12900 10,650 17.150 123,600 16.250 Total $180,550

QUE
SHAWVILLE

J
\

were
Bay the Mew
Talking Pictures
Las Vegas Nights
VICTORY BONDS
With an allocation of
Leslie Dean, acting pa church; Mr. E. C Lawo and Mr. W. R. MacDonald, M. P. A humourous reading was given by Mrs. Cecil Sly.
Prizes of money and commercial articles were awarded as follow?. S. W. MacKechnie, J. McCredie, J. R, McDowell. Mrs. W. D Campbell, Secil Sly, L. A Smart, H. H.
Claude Elliott, Harry
with
TOMMY DORSEY
1ZE
and hie orchestra Bert Wheeler, Constance Moore, Phil Regan, Betty Brewer, Lillian
Vi.ginia Dale, Red
Cornell,
Donahue
were
ilson.
THE W. A. HODGINS STORE
Shawville
at
Walsh.HEllE	¦	¦¦
Hodgins, Lee Hodgins, George Russell, and Miss Abbie Pritchard.
The program domed with the singing of the National Anthem.
Shawville Theatre
At 9.00 p. m.
<
Quebec
###PAGE###2###
/
#
Over Hills and Rivers Winds the Road to Alaska
the greatest energy.
Military umpires ruled that the car-borne troops succeeded in repelling a parachute attack motor convoy, adaptation of the French transport of troops from Paris to the Marne River in 1914.
À few hours later the taxis and their drivers were back at their accustomed stands.
Modern Etiquette
London Taxi Army
In First Tryout




RM
1. When a man and a woman are engaged to be married, lent it permissible for them to kiss la public, and otherwise show their devotion?
3. What should one do whea dummy during a bridge game? Watch the game or leave the table and walk about the room?
3. In which hand should the fork be held when conveying food to the mouth, and the knife la not required?
4 When a man la accompanying a woman who doee not smoke and he knows that she does not object to hie smoking, Is It necessary for him to ask permission each time he wishes to smoke?
5. When a person has finished eating, isn’t It helpful if he will stack the empty dishes?
ANSWERS
* X


The idea was am
Home guardsmen in scores of taxicabs sped out of London to Epping Forest before dawn Oct. 4 and successfully fought off an "attack” on a convoy of tricks It was the first tryout of the taxicab army organized by London’s Home Guards, and the diligent, part-time soldiers acted with
*


BETTER RECORDS
are REQUIRED to meet today*! | Merchandising problems.	|
Payroll Records are NBCUSBURT
Worry and expense preparing
Government Returns eliminated by using a
RAMSAY SYSTEM
Designed to fit your needs, aad your puree—From 16.76 to #7# ##
Write for Details
RAMSAY BUSINESS SYSTEMS
Vo* GIRLS WHO SUFFER




be

¦*. * v


3PR
MT
If you suffer monthly cramps, backache, distress of "Irregularities." nJYvousnesa—due to functional monthly disturbance»—try Lydia Z. Plnkham m Vegetable Compound Tablets (with added Iron). Made especially for women. They also help build up red blood. Made In Canada.
r-



He ¦


-5S«
.«sss#



>»





Such
l. N<ug|||*ge**p|*
should be reserved for their prlv-ncy. It shows very i<oor taste for them to display their love In public, and provokes unkind comments and criticism among their associates. 2. It is poor manners to leave the table during the prog of the game, and la much nicer to show an Interest In the manner in which your partner is playing the hand. 3. The right hand. 4. Not at all; if he has already asked permission once or twice. It would be somewhat monotonous to keep repeating the request. I. He may consider it helpful, but It is certainly not good form to do so. The dishes should remain as they are until the waiter remov them.
demonstration!

A 4k V,
ws
t
%
A
CLASSIFIED ADTEB TISEMENTS
ev
N
i



V4H	__
Hiver*, trees, mountains and clouds form a picturesque backdrop for the highway to Alaska being built from Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, to Fairbahks by the U. S. Army. Here Army engineers have thrown a wooden bridge across a muddy stream. Using more than 3000 logs. This permanent structure will be widened by the Public Road Administration sometime in the future. Alcan highway is
scheduled to open Dec, L

ACCORDIONS WANTED
SUPERFLUOUS HAIE
ACCORDIONS WANTED
After et here failed, we here
?lag safely.
Heat
HCCO
dred and twenty baas.
prices paid for piano rdlons, twelve to hun-
aumeally, the
•f auperfleee hair. Tereale.
THE T. EATON CO. LTD.
Have You Heard?
WHAT SCIENCE IS DOING
HOW CAN l?
NOT ELECTROLYSIS
Musical laefrumeat Department
Toroato
hat a safe, aew, acleatlfla
tally
writing.) Write er rail
* U » r * „ I f f d
<hn
AGENTS WANTED
An American go-getter, visiting Scotland far the first time, found himself puzillng over the dialect of the hotel porter. Taking the man for a foreigner, he inquired his nationality.
"I belong to Scotland, bo unie Scotland," replied the porter proudly. “And far d' ye cam free ” “From the greatest country the
known,” boasted
Q. How can I make a substitute knob if the original comes off the lid of a kettle or pan?
A. Slip a screw through the hole, with the head on the inside of the lid, then screw a cork on the pro-tnid'ng end. This knob will not become hot, and it can be renewed easily when It has become spoiled.
Q. How can I make a dry sham-
WANTED NOW! LOCAL AQENT8 In country and town — spare time. We operate a six hundred
ry — stock the best In (1 ornamental trees, Write Pelham
DERMAT CLINIC
TURPENTINE
Southern pine trees and the skill of American chemists are supplying the United States with a versatile product In which Japan once held a tight monopoly, writes Dr. C. M. A. Stine, vice-president advisory on research and development of the duPont de Nemours and Company for Science Service.
This is camphor, an Important Ingredient of thousands of peacetime and wartime products from liniments, unguents, stimulants and other pharmaceuticals to scuffles* plastic heel covering on women’s shoes, movie films (which use hundreds of thousands of pounds), military drafting Instruments and motorcycle windshields.
State camphor trees of the Orient have for thousands of years been giving off their fresh and heady odor—an odor that carries for miles. Many centuries ago the natives learned to distill the camphor wood, using crude bamboo tubes to condense the snow-white crystals. These they pressed Into small amulets to Insure health and to serve as symbols of pagan belief. It is said that the Arabian physicians of the eleventh century appreciated the medicinal value of camphor.
German, Swiss and Italian plants were turning synthetic camphor out early in the twentieth century and a start was made on this continent in 1900. Several other efforts were also made during the first third of the century, but large-scale operations did not begin until the duPont opened its camphor plant In 1932. Turning out close to 600,000 pounds of camphor a month, this plant now produces most of the camphor manufactured in the U. 8.
Pinene, the starting material for camphor production, is a clear, watery fluid which looks and smells much like turpentine. In fact, turpentine is 96 percent pinene, which is distilled off.
(Tth Veer la Tor*.ate)
acre nuraer fruit a n i shrubs, roses. Nursery Co.. Toronto.
Ceaaaltatlea
F
HORSES FOR SAL*

DRAWING HOOK AND OUTFIT
FOR SA I JD—PERCHERON 8T Aillions. Captlvfttor Jr., Brant Cap-tlvator, Brilliant B. and Napoleon to close estate. C. Bawtlnhelmer. Route 6. St. Thomas, Ont
ARTISTS
AND ART STUDENTS Here Is the book that you have been looking for.
SIMPLIFIED
“Flying Scotsman" Maintains Schedule
world has ev
?

the American.
"Mon,” exclaimed the Scot, "what an awfe peety ye’ve lost your accent!”
DRAWING by Charles Carlson. A oora drawin over 1, paid.
?. MU two ounces of cornmaal with one ounce of powdered orris root Sprinkle this powder In the hair and then brush thoroughly.
Q. How can I chop nuts quickly?
A. Instead of chopping nuts for cakes or cookies, try placing them in a cloth and running the rolling pin over them.
Q. How can I keep the shower curtain in good condition?
A. After taking a shower, always be sure to draw the shower curtain out along the rod to dry. The air must get to it and let it dry out. In order to prevent damage to the fabric and possible mildew.
Q How can I make a dessert with left-over rice?
A. Left-over cooked rice can be made Into a delicious d adding to It some chopped apples, diced pineapples, marsh mallows, and whipped ore am. Put tote mo Ms.
ig course In Illustration wit! ,000 drawings, only $2.00 post-
HEALTH REMEDY
Eighty years ago, in June, 1862, the first "Flying Scotsman” pulled from No. 10 platform King’s Cross, London, at 10 o’clock A.M. and, with but one or two exceptions, this aristocrat among trains has left the same platform at the same time every day since then, says the Canadian National Magazine.
The story of the "Flying Scotsman’’ is railway history—indeed It is more, it is the railway history of five reigns. Since its first rum every thing worth while in railway practice has been bestowed upon it
about six small coaches has grown through the years to the magnificent pre-war fourteen or sixteen coach luxury hotel on wheels that transformed the journey to Scotland into a most pleasant adventure.
HEALTH. VIGOR AND VITALITY le worth more than dollars. W man 7S crippled with Arthritis now enjoys health and happiness, thanks Qod Lang's Mineral Remedy. Writ# for this woman’s own statesmenL Thousands found same genuine relief from Rheumatism. Stomach troubles, Kidneys, Nerves, Colitis, Piles, Ecsema Female aliments, Rundown, etc., from using this nature product Acte on blood stream, used over fifty years. Free Information. Lain Mineral Remedies. 141 Robeon Street, Vancouver.
OR
several yearn
SIMPLIFIED DRAWING and outfit Including drawing board, drawing pad, pencils, ruler, eraser, water colour paints and charcoal for $4.00 postpaid. Artists' Supply Company, 16 Gould St., Toronto.
Brown: "You know, no matter where I hid# my money, my wife always finds It."
Whits: "My wife never finds mine. I keep It In the basket with my undarned seeks."
for
ASTROLOGY
ASTROLOGY! AMAZING reading. Send blrthdate dime. “Delmarr", Box 29, cent. B.C.
TRIAL and Cree-

The young man at the social gathering boasting of hU Arotle explorations. He gazed at the beautiful girt he was trying to Impress.
"Just Imagine," he said dramatically, "an "Tes.
AUTOMOBILES—USED
USED CARS WITH GOOD TIRES. See us first Mount Pleasant Motors Limited. Used Car Lot at 204V Yongc Street; Head Office. 622 Mount Pleasant Road, Toronto. Telephone HY. 2111.
JR SALK MARK, FIVE TZARS
old. reliable, single, weight 120» Earl Fisher. Woodvllle. Ontario.
ormous Ice-floe!" I'd like an loo," said the girl absently, "but my name isn’t
MEDICAL
The original train of
BABY CHICKS
DON’T WAIT — EVERY 8UFFZR-er of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon’s Remedy, Munro's Drug Store. IIS Zlg:*. Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
Flo!"
POULTRYKEEPERS — PLAN FOR big things for 1941. Order your Bray Chicks for November-December delivery now and make sure of getting what you want when you want them. Hatch Juat off. Bray Hatchery, 130 John 8L N . Hamilton, Ont.
by
Visitor (looking over bottle-•hip):—"And what do you sailors de when the ship springe a leak?"
Gob—"Aw, we Just put a pan under It, ma’am."
REGULAR 75c BOX NOW 2 FOR $1.00
(OCTOBER O N L Y) C. HUDSON Spear, Sussex, N.B. says "Appetite Increased, slept better, found them a good tonic for run down condition." Send for I boxes today, Orford B. Morlssey, 1ST Male St., Saint John, N.B.
HOOKS BY MAIL
SEND FOR OUR CAREFULLY
compiled list of books, of the best fiction and non-flctlon by world famous authors, at low prices. The De Luxe Libraries. 74 Queen St. W., Toronto.
The newly-married couple were Just leaving the registrar's office when the wife remembered she had registered her age as a year older than she actually was.
"Ooh, never mind," replied her husband, “ye'll get the auld age pension a y
WHY VOUll HAVE BAKING SUCCESS WITH (AIU HI ET
MEN WANTED
EARN EXTRA CASH IN STAKE
TIME
FIFTEEN MEN
, .	_ FOR TANNERY
labour, one Third Claas fireman and two Fourth Class firemen. Apply Employment A Selective Service Office. 151 Sixth Street. New Toronto. Ont.
I
company
ANYONE CAN SELL GOODWILL Christmas Carde In beautiful gift boxes at 35 cents to $1.00 per box. You make up to half of selling price. Send for price list and free Personal Alburn of exquisite designs, some with military crests at 18 for a dollar and up. or send $2.00 for six sample boxes containing 90 folders. Goodwill. Suite 717. 60 Front West, Toronto.
sooner ”
DYEING A CLEANING
HAVE HHJ ANYTHING NEEDS dyeing or cleaning? Write to for Information We are glad answer your questions, ment H. Parker’s Dye V Limited, 79? Tonga Street.
__ronto
OLD RIG* REWOVEN NEW
hugs, new rugs made from
old. L>omln«on Ru pany, 964 Queen write for bookKc.
Teacher—"Junior, can you tell me the difference between perseverance and obstinacy?"
Junior—"One le a strong will end the other a strong won’t."
glad to Depart-Works
rPHESE days, no woman can afford to risk cake failures. To make sure their cakes are always gloriously light and tender—with what cake experts call “velvety-crumb"--so many women are using Calumet Double-Acting Baking Powder.
FARM FOR SALE
During a recrudescence of white feather distribution a spinster seeking victims came across a young man milking a cow.
“Why aren’t you at the frontT" she blurted out.
"Cos there’s no milk at that end," he answered with a grin.
FOR SALE-ONE HUNDRED AND ninety acres, twelve miles from Guelph on Hamilton highway, close to Church and school. Beautiful stone house, large bar n, modern pig pen, hen house and sheep pen, all hydro equipped. Trout stream and small lake; would make Ideal country estate. L Jochimeck, Barber Avenue, Guelph.

CALUMET
g Weaving Com. 8t. W„ Toron to.
The world's largest diamond,
which weighed 3,106 carats when found in South Africa, was cut into nine principal stones.
the Cullin&n,
â
PATENTS
imFtSBB
Booklet of Information quest
baking
powder
on
FARM FOR S A I, K
"Hallo, old man, I haven’t seen you for some time."
"I’ve been In bed for seven weeks.”
"That’s too bad. pose?”
"Yes, and crashed."
DOUBLE-ACTION
SAFEGUARDS SUCCESS
160 ACRES. NICELY SITUATED, one of the best farms in Guelph township, In pink of condition, plenty water, excellent gravel. This farm has never been rented. Would, make ideal dairy farm. J. McAnlnch. Guelph. Ont. R.R. 4.
PATENTS A TRADE MARKS
rX’mRVB
ISnlsam Avenue. Toronto.__
__________PERSONAL
QUICK RELIEF FROM ECZEMA "No. 6°-thif wfr'fi. worîdenu
:kin..
pept. 16. Saskatoon. *Saak.
#*
A FAMOUS BRAND
naaian, British Booklet grain
^^	With Calumet, two separate leaven-
ing actions protect your cake from )	j) start to finish. The first action takes
place when you add liquid to the cCjJuL 22) dry ingredients. Thousands of tiny [ v—rj bubbles go surging through the
J hatter making it light ^ i	and fluffy.
A second leavening action takes place in the oven. Released by heat, thousands more tiny bubbles slowly lift your cake high—and hold it there. They make rising even and steady and assure a cake that's soft as finest velvet.
Flu, I sup-
Oqdi
FARM EQUIPMENT
eti's
SPECIALS WHILE THEY IAST— Melotte Cream Separators, new and rebuilt; Melotte, Magnet and Premier Separator Parts; rebuilt Full and Semi-Diesel Engine 18-22 H P. Blackstone, 20-26 Deutx 20 HP, Marshall, 20-26 H P. Fairbanks; Pumps and Water Systems; Coal and Wood Stoves; rebuilt Letz Mills, Grinder**. Farm Hammer Mills. Lister Gasoline Engines; one only new Super 102 Masscy-Harria Tractor; one only New Idea Manure Spreudei, one only practically new 6" Mowing Machine; Cement Mixer; Turnip Pulper; Hay Rake and Binders; Lister Diesel Engine and Marshall Engine Parte; new Washing Machines:	Paint
Special—Greys and browns at 51.25 per gallon. 8. A. Lister. Stewart Street, Toronto.
and
Mother: "Aille telle me they told him In school today as how Columbus traveled 3,000 miles on a galllon."
Father: "Go ou, the boy didn’t ought to believe all these motor salesmen's yarns."
icT
qu
Co.. Box 114.
HP.
FINE CUT
PERSONAL
OPERATIONS
AND

j

Wife: ’It says here that the average person speaks 10,000 words a day."
Husband: "Yes, dear — but you’re far above the average, you knew."
\N ^
_______1’OI'I.THY WANTED
POULTRY WANTED — market p list. M. P Toronto.
m

w HIGHEST
Vallonf’ll
rices.
V
TRIPLE ECONOMY TOO
Calumet is a thrifty baking powder because it gives so much tor so little.
PHO'IOURAPHY


______EARMû WANTED
AITING CLIENTS FOR FARM and small acreage In all parts of Ontario; guaranteed sale In a
Toronto.	’

1	It costs very little to buy.
2	Most recipes call 1er only 1 teaspoon of Calumet to each cup of flour.
3	Its double-action is timed and balanced to assure the utmost in baking protection and perfection.
fO* SURER RESULTS IN BAKING
BUY CALUMET FROM YOUR GROCER TODAY
DONT TRUDGE THROUGH


Film Shows Work Of Forestry Corps
A film, "Wood for War," made in co-operation with the Canadian Army Film Unit, is on its way from London. It shows men of the Canadian Forestry Corps at work in Scotland's forests helping to provide timber essential to Britain's war effort. All Canada Is there, from East to West.
The
Rent. Unlit, or
Hall
I
have your snaps
I
EsSê'Ds-»
in the early '90's, when J. H. Wallace drove a herd of cattle up into Alberta from Idaho and started the now famous Wallace Ranch, the "Hat" Brand was hit identification. The brand la still In use by Rosa Ranches, at Aden, Alberta.
"HAT " Brand of the
WALLACE RANCH
service
__________FOR SALE
Scarborough township - is
miles from Toronto—150 acres, 2 Houses and 2 Barns. $10,000.00. Must sell to close estate. Public Trustee. Osgood e Hall. Toronto.
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
StaVon J, Toronto______RHEUM ATKJ
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED — KV-
jgggpRs
______SHORTHAND
SHORTHAND — SYSTEM
Ml""% %h'ln,'eadlne
pany. Toronto. Ontario.
LIS
FOOT HALM
A
BAl MEEK A FOOT BALM destroys
&«ie.IV* Æ	4St
Drug Store. Ottawa.
1.00.
enmnn
The great trees fall; they float down the Scottish rivers to her saw-mills; they become planks. Hie finished timber
//>
HAIRDRESSING SCHOOL

LEARN HAIRDRESSING THE HOB-ertson method.
Nil VJ I
0
Corn-
Information __ request regarding classes. Robertson s Hairdressing Academy 1J7 Avenue Road, Toronto.
on
UgHPPPP—IW appears as
bridges, pontoons, army hutments.
ISSUE 43—"42
###PAGE###3###
THE BOOK SHELF
Canada Building Speediest Bomber
AXIS EXTERMINATOR
Commentary pn Current Events
THE WAR - WEEK
SADDLEBAGS FOR SIUTCAMf
By Mary Bosanquet
Mary Bosanquet, the pretty daughter of an English diplomat* suddenly decided she wanted to ride across Canada on horse back —and she did.
With ttttle capital and enough equipment to fill her saddlebags she left Vancouver, rode to Montreal and then on to New York, seeking and finding many adventures In the wide country spaces.
This story is also an intimate study of Canadian people and homes. Miss Bosanquet says:. *1 hope that before I die I may have a chance to give back to some one who needs it a little of the wealth of friendship which has so freely been given to me."
aga I n||||||||||||||l|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||| months with the horses, only the journey has been constant. For I no longer travel to arrive. I no longer belong to lights and fires, to pleasant meal times, to books and pictures and windows curtained at night, but to woods and rivers, to fields and forests, to weather and the sky. And so for the first time, as one walking by, I have seen the neat, complete pictures of many hundred homes.
I have felt their texture, breathed their atmosphere and passed."
Saddlebags for Suitcases . . • by Mary Bosanquet . . . McClelland and Stewart Limited , . • Price , . , $3.00.
Churchill And Roosevelt Express Confidence In Progress Of War
Z
New Mosquito Plane Bald To #e Speedier Than Spitfire
The isms note of confidence In the growing strength of the United Nations, struck by Mr. Churchill In hie speech at Edinburgh, wae echoed a few hours later by President Roosevelt In his radio » mays the New York Times. Reminding hie listeners that it le not hie habit “to encourage lightly f und expectations,” Mr. Churchill could nevertheless acclaim such “solid and remarkable facts” as the gallant and successful defense made by the Russian armies, the miracle of production that has given the United Nations definite superiority in the air, the bu!fding of enough new tfilps to offset our losses on the sea. On his part, the President could report, on the basis of evidence recently acquired at first hand, that “the American people are united as never before In their determination to do a Job end to do It well."
As we move forward with this Job we find ourselves faced by the problem of a growing shortage of manpower, and It was to this problem that the President gave most of hie time and emphasis. He Is certain, and with good reason, that the country will accept a compulsory draft of manpower, If that la the best way or the only way So solve the problem; but his preference is wisely for a thorough trial of the voluntary method before that stage Is reached; and, except for his belief In the necessity of lowering the draft age for actual military service — a step long favored by the Army recommendations point hi that direction.
there have been only small street skirmishes. Both aides seem to have fallen back on heavy artillery. The Hues I ana may they are digging In. North of Stalingrad the Germane themselves are resorting to defensive trench fighting. Broad hints, which may or may not be true, come both from Berlin and Vichy that positional warfare la about to succeed the war of movement on the Russian front.
If that Is true the Germans are breaking off their offensive two months earlier than they did last year. It may mean any one of these things or some combination of them. It may mean that they wish to avoid last year's mistake of letting their field armies get caught in mid-Winter. It may signify German exhaustion. It may indicate German plane to push their campaign In the Caucasus, where fighting conditions are still tolerable, while they make ready either to strike In the West or defend themselves there.
Moscow says the Germans In Russia are worn out. There la no doubt that exhaustion Is a factor in their plans. Losses in the siege of Stalingrad have been huge. An Incalculable amount of material, brought up over a long line of deteriorating railways, has been burned up in battle. We do not know the full effect of British bombing on German transport and production, it may well be that such destructive raids as those on Cologne and Essen are only now beginning to be felt on the Russian front Whatever the actual facts may be, Stalingrad remains the signpost on the battle line. It still reads “Stop."
At the two ends of the 7,000-mile Pacific sea front Japan Mat week had retreated from her most advanced positions, and in the Solomon# America still held the advantage. In the fog-shrouded Aleutians Japanese forces evacuated the Inlands of Attu and Agattu. On the mountain trails of New Guinea, Japanese Jungle fighters bad retired northward after a push toward Port Moresby. In the Solomons area an American task force slipped Into Japanese waters, smashed hard at Japanese shipping found there, then made its getaway without loss. The full meaning of the Japanese withdrawals was not clear. They might be strategic retreats to consolidate positions elsewhere or to prepare new blows. They might be a sign that the attrition attacks delivered by United Nations forces were having effect, that the Initiative waa slowly slipping from the Nip-grasp.

kf ' -




»
Great Britain's newest and dead-
fighter bomber plans,
the

I
Mosquito, bas been taken off the “most secret" list and Is now on the “secret' list, and for the first time it may be revealed that the machine le being made In Canada.

* >
i I

term
anjatMi

j





m

The speed of this twin-engine oraft Is naturally a well-guarded secret, but It is said to be even greater than the R. A P.'s fleety Spitfire. On a recent raid to Oslo, Norway, four Mosquitos literally “ran away" from Fbcke-Wulf 190 fighters—the pride of the Luftwaffe.
A largo order tor Mosquitos has been placed In Canada and already tests of the first models are being made. They are flown by a British official who came from England for the purpose of making the Initial tests. High ranking officers of the R. C. A. F. and government officials have witnessed their performance.
The Mosquito, according to British reports, fills a needy gap for an all-out day and night bomber offensive.
As well as Its terrific speed, it is capable of flying long distances Into enemy territory and fighting Its way back to It» base.
The nearest British base from Oslo, Norway, I», roughly 1,000 miles, which means that the Mosquito has a range of more than double that distance. Surprising news of the plane's exploits are expected to come from overseas within the next few months.

1 ^ t


w
U
4W*
I
-s;
kr«!



Mi
V
•	— ' -	:-« + • «V
L_4
“But In these
•e
—11
m

f
1
KTTT^
). t
1
4ir - '

Seen from the rear, this 1000-pound bomb, being carried to an RAF plane on a trailer, presents an unusual pattern of destruction.
Growing Of Rice In United States
VOICE
OF THE
PRESS
Requires Warm Climate end Long Growing Season

SOUGHT REVENGE Mo* ikies wiped by a creptt Jalopy and crowded Into the
I Uncle Sam Is calling for mors I rice growing, because rice is "ex-I (remedy nourishing," compact to I ship, and therefore suitable for soldiers. The Japs do pretty well, I sometimes, on rice alone.
I But expansion of rice crops will I not be easy, for it Is grown In only I four states, practically, which have J only about 1,600,000 acres of land I suitable for It The quota set for I this year is 1,320,000 acres. Produc-I tion in 1841 totaled 64,000,000 bush-I sis, which at an average price of I $11.86 a bushel brought a farm InI come of more than $64,000,000. This I year's goal calls for an Increase of I 6,000,000 bushels, at least.
I Growing rice requires an Irriga-I tion system by which the ground I is kept covered with from four to I six inches of water from seeding I to harvest time. There must be a I warm climate and a long growing on. Heavy and costly machinery is used, and a large amount of labor. The four states producing most of our rice are. In order of quantity, Louisiana, Texas, Ark&n-and California.
The rough rice is sent to the mill where the outer bull and the inner ''bran" are removed and the kernels are polished. In most oases the ?polished rice is given a coat of glucose and talc, for Its lustrous appearance. There were 74 mills operating last year, located almost entirely in the rice growing sections. By-products consisting of polish, bran, poultry feed, rice flour, and hulls were worth $2,749,000 last year.
Bear Steak
a leveling salesman, a young man block, enlisting as a tank Srtrsr, expressed the hope that would allow him to drive the Bing over hie old territory before
Truck Driver Amp James, en route to Madoc in a northern Frontenac district, met a bear on the road. The bear climbed a tree and James stopped his truck, climbed s tree next to the one the bear was perched in, and killed It with s single blow from a hatchet. He loaded his kill on the truck and sold bear steak at Northbrook.
hie

—Christian Science Monitor
* Change In Russia "W# shall take Stalingrad, you may depend on that." So said Adolph Hitler not long ago. Stalin-
WHEN WE COMPLAIN A strict rationing of milk has enforced again in Britain, person may have up to three ptnds a week. Canadians are still able to have all they wish, a fact which should not be forgotten when we feel disposed to complain about wsstHorion and limitations.
—Kingston Whig-Standard
British
Women employed on railways to help to replace men who have joined the Forces now number more than 60,000.
grad still stands.
On June 26 the Germans launched from Kursk the great offensive which has carried them to the banks of the Volga. That was 108 days ago. But fifty4wo of these vital fighting days have been used up hi the siege of Stalingrad. Russian troops still hold the ruined etty. If It continues to stand, the Summer campaign of the Nazis pass into history as a glgan Ms tall lire. It has achieved spec-taeular gains, but not He main Objectives.
Though K Is too early to say tsly, there are recent indications that the German High Command has begun to recognize a failure and Is preparing to the best of It. The fighting 2m Stalingrad has died down. The German infantry and tank
ALL-BRAN'S “BETTER WAV” HAS BEEN OUR WAY FOR A LONG TIME

ADVICE TO PARENTS Let parents refrain from undermining the authority of the school In the mind of the child, by ridiculing his attitudes, his way d acting or by openly criticising . The higher the family holds teacher In esteem the more the ehhd repeats him. And education Is a product of authority and reParole

mg


"Better Way" to correct the cause if you are troubled by constipation due to lack of the right kind of •bulk* in your diet ? But remember, ALL-BRAN doesn't work like harsh cathartics. It takes time. Eat it regularly and drink plenty of water. Get ALL-BRAN at your grocer's, in two convenient size packages, or ask for the individual serving package at restaurants. Made by Kellogg's in London, Canada.
Says Mr. Charles Belair, Arvida, Quebec : "KELLOGG S ALL-BRAN has long been a favorite in our home. Mother used to serve it to us when we were young wife started making ALL-BRAN muffins three or four times a week arA serving ALL-BRAN as a breakfast cereal, we have had no more use for pills or powders. ALL-BRAN keeps us regular ... naturally." Why don’t you try ALL-BRAN’S
and since my
• a a
IN SECOND PLACE A Northern Ontario farmer has
Idtied SI skunks this year. That
should give him second place to Be Russian girl sniper, Lyudmila BavHchenho, who picked off soma 109 while serving with the Red
s have ceased. They may
be renewed, but for some days
pon

—Port Arthur New* Chronicle
I
0
HITLER HUNCH ago Hitler fold his coun-that he decided things by Intuition. In other words “hunch," but soon the only hunch Hitler will have will be the one In his shoulders through brooding over why Ms intuition went wrong.
Thomas Tim es-Journal
Women Join In
War Against Rats
a r

o
Y
Thirty members of the Women’s Land Army, who completed a fortnight's intensive training In rat destruction, have begun work against rats In the West Riding. There will hardly be a parish in the West Riding which will not be covered by these girls who will work in pairs.
A fortnight earlier these girls were hairdressers, clerks, shop assistants, and such like, and the thought of handling a rat would fill them with horror.
They have had extensive training in rat destruction by trapping, poisoning of baits and every other methods, but the poisoning method is the one they will use mostly.
i
i
A
-V
n

DIVINITY FAILS HJrahlto inspecta his imperial bomb shelter, which argues that the Son of Heaven is quite willing Is go Into eclipse when his divine
Is menaced.
—Hamilton Spectator

-•
>v-





BACK TO THE FOLD
Due to gam rationing, many a family circle has been enlarged by
Jb


3
etrangers who turn out to be the
v


*W
K
S'

Winnipeg Tribune
och
¦
- "
"iSS-
so *0'
on* °( ,ho<io** thot must corn©5,
ur9ent
¦

CANADAS DOUSOLDIERS
M
Shodox*
to yo°-.
.with 0
those
out
jSSS-
\
US
V

Kg

9
these
l

\
%
ON
fW
%
ne©
N

v/e

there
$9?
A
X
One

I ¦ •
be ^e


i
tools soldier#
ftghtM
must
wov

J
<
mater'10' mode
d v/om
,y Victory

on
1

be
con
eot
po*cf
t every
L,»»- B °“'

on
men

*• A
ear
;
it on
, to moke the ne*
bond*1-
tob
Victory
It’s our
buy'mo
Hothinfl
appetite jaded during these tempestuous times — do your dull and uninteresting ?
Tempt your family's appetite with desserts that are delicious and nutritious—blanc manges and puddings that can be made easily and at little cost, with Canada Corn Starch.
The fine quality of Canada Com Starch gives the best possible results-a smooth texture that makes com starch desserts delightful.
Is your
yiclory !
1
But
bY

No*
Matter*
1
r

V
ft*
1
t*
tr*
à
ft
iVT
#77
VRKKt Send for the excellent Recipe Booklet “6% peeeertx”. Write enclosing one box-top or complete kSel from any Canada Starch product. Add res» Sent R.SS, Canada Starch Home Service, 41 Wellington Street East. Toronto, Ont

1
XSÆe MARTIN-SENOUR Go.
LIMITED
The Sherwin-Williams Co.
THE CANADA PAINT CO.
CORN
STARCH
CANADA
m
LIMITED
International varnish §

Limited
T
SA
AV
of Canada. L it* >*c

Wr
4À
QtT
###PAGE###4###

- ^


THE EQUITY
*
Wilson’s Garage
Oct 29th 1942
Shaw ville,
Tije Same Reliable Servie

I

Seeds Requested by Red Cross
4»m


;
4 à
A
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
V
¦
H iving recently launched till campaign fur the
h .nks t :	C
su
t >.s
k.


\
COI
of
Is
« I
1

Im
s ut W
sutlers of war, the Pi m/ÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊ Association has n >* bee
1 i ort icult lira
iL'l if)
\

• * V •
• %
Ford Service

V
I
i\ ' "
isked by tli" H-iyal S iciv’y «»! Britain to undertake, during lie remaining weeks of the present month, t«> collect aa iqany garden h> possible for next spring's bataillon g mien* among the prison campa
The prisoners grow these hor their own use exclusively.
Last year the Association sent SUM) worth of seeds to the Society, wlp.ch forwarded them in bulk form tn camps scattered throughout Germany, Italy and other occupied territory with the result that spaces surrounding the huts and quarters were put to practical use in the growing of vegetables which supplemented the scanty diet ut the Canadian war prisoners.
The food parcels supplied by the Canadian Red Cross provide much substantial assistance, but there is need tor fresh vegetables, Association officials point out, to maintain the health of the
w
wux
s
J
Shaw ville’» Greatest Men’s & Boys’ Shop
s
Shell Sealed Cas & 3'ls
*
;


J. P Wilson
fails to me
THF FACTS
I
»
â
4
Main Street Shawville Quebec
Plume 40
Anniversary Sale continues to
Saturday, October 31st
Only the weak of spirit — the wishful thinkerl
# It's time for everyone to look up and ahead—and the sooner the better
The armed forces make the sacrifices—those who cannot go to war must
j
;
I
s?,

LEND
SAVE
WORK
Get in on some of the Great Bargains Offered
I
prisoners.
An appeal has already been made to the seed houses across Canada, but the response so far has been far from encoumgirg with the result that the Association has now taken its appeal into the field of the individual.
Anyone wishing to make a contribution of seeds, either vegetable or flowers, or who desire to make a cash donation for the purchase of seeds, may send their gifts to the national headquarters of the Canadian Prisoners ot Relatives Association, 718 Sun Life Ruilding. Montreal.
/
HO*
Buy Bonds now—and keep them. Buy them with your savings. Buy them out of weekly earnings. If desired payment may be made by instalments.
You are cordially invited to use the services of this Bank's branches.
Nothing* Matters NOW but
Ilf
VICTORY
*
Buy VICTORY BONDS
VHTORY

Ihe BANK of
NOVA SCOTIA
War
2 Buy the New
$ Victory Bonds
Spbnsorcd by
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
/ y ^*rf(nc & /oft un cf and 'haberaasnenp fa men and bot/s
While Our Homes Still Stand
5
War .vith all its horrors, its ever increasing demand for personal sacrifice, its restriction of individual rights, has cast a shadow over our country. X section, province, town, village, city 01 hamlet can escape its demands, demands that effect the lives of all or us. Yet we here in Canada have not felt the full potency of total war, at least many of out towns and cities will be secure from the scourge of the enemy. But this does not mean that we can ever allow ourselves to deviate one iota from tin-avowed purpose of total victoiy. To achieve this, we must work, sacrifice, and bend every effort individually and collectively to contribute our efforts where they are vitally needed to win t he war.
In every home m Canada, without exception, there are things that outlived their usefulness. True, they may be wrapped in memoiies. de'ightful mementos of children at play. John’s first tricycle, Mary’s doll carriage, th* skates fiat Bill learned on. These are only things, things that have pissed their utilitarian value, that we are asked to give as scrap. They aren't a- np to us, they mean something in 01 r lives. But onr homes are still standing heie. Over there they have a different kind of scrap, they have the beams that used to support the steeple of their church, the iron rails that little hands used to grasp to help them up the 9 iirs, yes, they luve much more scrap of'hat kind than we. but let us give the scrap IN our homes, and u« t the scrap of our home.
;
îvwwwwwvwvwvowsw
N,r>.Horner's old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE.
f
».

Order Your Furnace
/

/

i
Now
NOTH/NE MATTERS NOW
but..
#
For economical heating and real comfort tins Winter, irstal a new Gilson Furnace in your home.
CLIFFORD COSE, Agent,
Sh iw ville. Qtie.
I
#

7

l'hoti e3(>

ESTABLISHED 1883
>

/

k

INVALID
COACH
Attracted Religious Pilgrims
The oil that now lures warring Nazi armies to the Caucasus once attracted peaceful religious pil- ! grims. The natural gas found along 4 with oil deposits fed the mysterious J Eternal Flames of the Caucasus < which Fire Worshipers visited 3, years ago.
The Caspian shores of the Cau- $ casus were headquarters for Fire Worship even before Zoroaster, con- ) sidered by many a Caucasus na- ^ tive, popularized the ancient Per- $ sian religion of Zoroastrianism. There pilgrims were awed by flames J hovering over the cold Caspian wa- ! Ü ters, burning natural gas bubbling I y up from the sea bottom. Oil der- I ricks 70 years ago around Baku | " closed in on the last of the domed temples where sacred gas fires burned for the pilgrims, mostly Parsecs from India.
VICTORY
BONDS
GEO. HYNES & SON
I
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
chi
41
5
C^Shawville Oue.
Sponsored by
Phone 80
!:
I
The Hodgins Lumber Co. |
In the-Deep, Dark Sea
It’s hard to see deep down in the ocean, and under the difficult conditions of seeing Nature has evolved some curious creatures. One of the most remarkable of the deep sea animals is a type of angler fish that	m ,.
lives about a mile below the sur- and Pnvate Tubbs were working face. Floating about in the dark- out on a badminton court at Fort ness of the deep where sunlight does McClellan, Ala. Nearby stood an not penetrate, it is apparent that a officer with two silver bars on his mature woman angler fish would shoulder. Corporal gave Private have a hard time in finding a mate. Tul>bs this order—and we quote— In fact, scientists hunted for years “9ive the captain the bird.” The before they discovered a few male I Pr*va*e was astounded, but he was
new and orders were not to be questioned. So the private emitted the raucous noise known as the Bronx cheer. Fortunately the captain’s back was turned.
KÀS'9É&i':9c¥k



Ksm THE BOSS GAVE US
pep, m been
NOW'S YOIR CHANCE
TO CASH IN WITH THE
rUL-O-PEP EM PLAN!


Birds of a Feather
Acting Corporal Richard Jones

fUL-O-
iayino lots or rses."
m
Ol:

Æ




£53
i




*5>:


XvX.t:

deep-sea angler fish.
The difficulty of courtship in the darkness of the under-ocean has been solved by the angler fish in novel way. The male fish are very, very small, and soon after they born swim about in the dark. If a female swishes by, the male hooks on. He hangs on for his life, both figuratively and literally, comes a parasitic gigolo of the deep, permanently attached to his mate. Apparently many males perish while waiting.


Kv
f "YES, AND HE SAYS IT^
\ WE LOW-GOST WAY
feed us, too."

jmHrKVEi

TO
a

The corporal pointed to the feathered shuttlecock used in badminton and spoke convulsively, “That, my friend, is the birdie!”


are


- y%,/!A




IxSxK-v '


He be-


VITAMIN

With today*s egg prices, and the ex tra demand for exportf it pays as never before to [ feed ful-O-Pep Egg Mash, Yet you may save up to 20% i feeding the Ful-O-Pep way,
I 8 Thousand» of successful poultrymen find Ful-O-Pep I E*g 1Nla8h and the Ful-O-Pcp Save On Feed Plan helps B them spt-vfl up egg production, while saving euhatan-I tially on feed costs. Only an extra quality mash like S Ful-O-Pep permits feeding of home grown grains for 4	Profi,H at *ow ^ost. Today, every egg means extra
M	80 feed y°ur flock a mash with a Vitamin Boost to
||	*'e*P boost production and keep flocks in top condition.
m See us today about your season’s requirements of
m Ful-O-Pep Egg Mash. Let the Ful-O-Pep Plan help BB you cash in big.
Cream Separators Liked Best
Of all machines found on the farm, the cream separator t^as most appeal for the farm housewife. It is the one piece of equipment that she understands and appreciates. Through daily care she has learned to value the sanitary features of new bowl, discs and spouts and takes an honest pride in the gay finish and pleasing design of the Above all, she prizes the thrifty way it puts more butterfat n the cream pail, which adds dolors to the family income.
BENEFITS
I
\
help the™
Vitamin» to healthy.
many end stay
1 Contain#
lay heavy
And '30'
The phrase means, "the end," and there are various theories on its origin. The best known is that the first message sent by a telegraph operator to the first press association in this country, which was ganized during the Civil war, tained- 30 words. This figure, the words "good-night" and the opera tor's name were placed at the bottom of the sheet. Some other sions are: When newspapers handwritten, "x" designated the end of a sentence, "xx" the end of a paragraph and "xxx" (Roman merals for 30) the end of a story ; linotype machines cast type slugs oi 30 ems maximum length, hence "30" means the end of a line; when the Associated Press was established each member paper was entitled to 30 telegrams per day. Last of the day’s quota was labeled "30.

co
2 Give# healthful
M p*#ture.
reduction.
V * A
and
c©n-
oase.
or-
con-
tinuous p


>
ver-
were
Land Locked
Merced Field is definitely an in-and army post. Sergt. Eugene Haley, chief mail clerk there, received m eye-opener last week, and it vasn’t in liquid form. In sorting he field’s mail he came across a etter addressed : "Lieut. J. J. Doe, J. S. Navy, Merced Field, Califor-iia." Sergeant Halsey returned the -tter to the sender with the brief station; "Merced hasn’t been as» gned any battleships, as yeti"
FOR SALE AND RECOMMENDED BY
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Beg.
nu
- AUTHORIZED QUAKER FEED DEALERS
Main Street

t
Telephone 126
• »


###PAGE###5###

XX XiX XV ZiX XIX X X XV X X XV'X" ? XV XV X X X / X:X|/V'X,/ x xw x x x x x x x
Cemetery Donations
Di D. J. Vamphell, Treasurer r.f the village Cemetery Improvement Fond, acknowledge* with thunk*, the follow-
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦j
Bella and Loin Smile)
Arthur Caldwell...
2 00
6 00
v x >r-4rt> A X


NOTHING MATTERS 11 NOW BUT " ,
K
John I». McDowell, treasurer of tht Mu pie Grove Cemetery Itu|
Fund, acknowl gea with thanks, the following donations'—
Chus A, Smiley,,..
Mrs. Sain Woods....
Arthur Caldwell ....
Mrs. Donald Baker
1
r<< veinent
NOTHING MATTERS NOW BUT
2 00 2 00 2 f 0 2 00

i)
Usual
BUY THE NEW
Spending as
STRAYED
(&
BUY THE NEW
VICTORY
JONDSi
From the premises of K. C. Dahmt, Shawville, on or about Oc», 1st, a red bull, with very little white markings and horns. Information regarding him will be thankfully received by
E C. DAHMS,
Shaw ville, (jue
VICTORY BONDS
K
—is just as out-of-date business as usual
4ft
f»
as
•I
PRIVATE SALE
y
TT X these days of higher taxes and compulsory savings, no one can ' ' spend as usual " and have enough money to buv Victory B >mls.
The choice is now clear and simple. Either you will continue to buy things you can get along without—or you will confine your buying to necessities and invest every possible dollar in Victory Bonds.
Next time you begin to say—“my taxes are so high, I caVt buy Victory Bonds”—stop and think again. Are you using higher taxes as alibi ? Have you really reached the limit of self-denial ?

k
De Laval cream separator almost Mow of bay 100 white leghorn cockrels and pullet* 200 bushels of oats, set of work harness Smoothing harrow, ropes, forks, shovels Davenport, organ, sideboard, 2 iorn beds Bureaus and stands
2 crock churns, large butter crocks.
Austin McDowell
new
51
SPONSORED BY
Sponsored by
LEO R. KEON
District Representative
Shawviiie <jae. * Renfrew Machinery Co.
J. L,. HODG1NS
Phone 26-18
Look Here
Service «Announcements
FARMERS AND
For Sale, Wants, Found;
Lost. etc.
Sunday, November 1st
Shawvii.i.k United Church Rev A. F. Foie» B. A , B.D. Pastor
11.00 a. tn. Service at Shawviiie
2 00 |> m—Service at Zion
3.30 p in—Service at Stark's Cor-
FARM WORKERS
FOR SALE—A number of high qualified male and female miiik: also h dappled grey horse, 7 year-, 1700 lbs; one dark buy Belgian gelding rising 3. Apply to Jog. Dvmas, Maryland, Que., phone ft-43.
Canada Needs Your Off-Season Services
IN THE BUSH IN THE SAWMILLS
ners
All these services the minister will preach or. ‘‘Jesus interviews a bad mannered Pharisee.”
7.30 p. in.—Service at Shaw ville
Picture service, over ftn slides beautifully colored with illustrated hymns will be used in a talk by the minister of “Men who talked with God.”
Hut
The answer is up to your conscience.
there never again will bo “spending as usual” unless we defeat Hitler.
The more we reduce our spending—the more
#
we increase our leading—the sooner we all can lead normal lives again.
remember this
FOR SALE—1 clyde bay mare colt, 3 years old in April; 1 bay horse, ll >eHr*old. Apply at Shawville Mar-liLKar.d Granite Works, phone 121.

When not needed on the farm
, you
are needed in this essential war work.
Lack of lumber, pulp and other forest products can cripple our war effort.
You will not lose your special right to apply for postponement of military service by accepting such work. You retain your status as a farmer.
For particulars apply either :	(I) at
the nearest Employment and Selective Service office; (2) at your nearest post office.
FOR SERVICE— Bristol Farmer’s Club U»ar, now at Robt, Russell’s, Bristol.
ANGLICAN
Rev. K. V. 1u>lton, HA., L.Th
St. Fall’s
Sunday School—10,00 a.'ni Holy CoiufAunion—»] LOO a. Evening Prayer—7 30 p. in.
Holy Trinity Evening Prayer—.315 p. m.
St. Lukes
Holy Communion— 2 00 a. m.
~CHK!*r>!A* CARDS I^K'Xed assort ment*. Would appreciate your order. Kay Woodley, Shawville.
MOWING URUS MOW OUT VICTORY!
• t
Personal and


“V

FOR RENT—Farm dwelling house, with uae uf outbuildrngs for Winter months. Apply to Earl Hoduins, Box 63, Shawville. Phone 23.
£
Buy f/te New
VICTORY BONDS
North Clarendon Parish Rev P, R. Stotb, in charge
1
FOR SALE— One Percheron foal one set double driving sleighs and a few Plymouth pullets. Apply to Eld rid M ee, R. 3, Shawville. Phone 7 • 40
Help Canada Produce and Help Win the War
Charteris

Holy Communion—10.30 a. m,
Thorne Centre—
Evening Prayer—2.00 p. m.
Greer Mount:—
Evening Prayer—4 30 p. m.
North Onslow-
Evening Prayer—8.00 p. m.
101
I FOR SALE—A pair of grey Percher I on colts, rising 3 and 4 ; one black Per cheron mare, rising 7 years. Apply to August A. Rose, R. 3, Shawville. Phone 22 • 33.
Jim Says
Sponsored by
Clarendon Circuit
Uev. N. T. Holmes, Vastor , p0R SALE- Comfortable dwelling
11.00	a. m—Service at \\ es.ey I house, garage and stable, with seven
3.00	p. m—Service at Norman I ACres nf land, sitiuted at Staiks Corners.
7.30 p ni.—Service at \arm	Apply to E. J. Alexander, Shawville,
All services will be special missionary j phone 42 14
Bristol Memorial Church
Presbyterian
Rev. Wallace'MacKinnon, R A.
Divine Service—11.00 a. m.
IT CAN BE
WANTED—A grass seed lx>x and attachments fur McCormic 13 marker disc drill. Apply to Gordon Russett, phone 20 3, McKee Que.
DONE
Bristol United Church Lay Minister Mr. Leslie Dean
11.00 a. m.—Service at St. Andrews 2.16 p m—Sunday School 3.00 p. tn.—Service at Knox
Service at Austin
Jim finds times hard. 11 is standard of living has dropped. There are all these new taxes.
Now there’s another Victory Loan and Jim is expected to subscribe,
“Rock Bottom!” was Jim's first thought.
“We’re on rock bottom. Just can’t find the
monevf”
*
FOR SALE—4 OxfordUr-wn Rams one International tractor, newly overhauled, in good condition. Apply to Hilliard Beattie, Onslow Corners Que.
i
Famous Cardiff Giant
Was Proved to Be a Hoax
The Cardiff Giant, strong contender for the title of “greatest hoax of all time/' was the contract-5 ed figure of a giant more than 10 feet tall. Uncovered by well diggers on the farm of a William Newell in Cardiff, N. Y., it was rumored to be the petrified figure of a prehistoric man. It was exhibited (for
_	• v	n	ia	an admission fee) to thousands of
One slightly used 1-	inch	U.	U.	the cluqoug>	Paleontologists, physi-
Custora grain grinder, complete with cjans art connoisseurs offered
Rigger, can be driven with	15 to	30	H.	theories on	its origin ranging from
P. engine, equipped with	special Hytt	petrification	to a buried Phoenician
bearing*. Price reasonable. Apply to
F. C. KRUTZ,
Otter Lake, Que.
8.00 p. m
FOR SERVICE—Aged and young hog for service, Club members free. None members, g 1.00. Apply to Wilson Tracy, Yarn, Que.
FOR SALE-One year old
a dash of color around the eyes— | color that matches her dress, lipstick or nail polish. ,
The new fad that has caught on in New York, Washington and other metropolitan centers is the use of eyeglasses whose colors match those of lipstick, eyeshadow or other cessory shades. Some smart women have several pairs of spectacles stalue	with different colored frames to har-
s&ssïïavSSs
Eventually the giant was discovered hove devised an ingenious and into have been carved by a Chicago expensive method of changing the sculptor from a block of gypsum. (,°‘or of the rims of their glasses—
gSS£S!SESSs|=5Biee. -
in Biblical times.	' sameness.	1
Price *75
23
PROPERTY FOR
SALE
FOR SALE — Litter of purebred Tam worth pigs, by con type, both sex. Ready for delivery, Nov. let. Apply to Feblky Richards >n, Shawville. Telephone 13 - 33.
And he’s
He’s thought some mere since, decided it can be done. Jim says he doubts if Merritt lost much time wondering if it could be done when ho crossed that bridge
ac-
FOR SALE — Three* Clyde mares,
pair black gelding.**.
at Dieppe,
one in foal ; one
Phone 13 -22.
This advertisement contributed to the Victory Loan campaign by Dominion Textile Limited, Montreal.
v.lle
Teacher Wanted
FOR SALE — Two single buggies ;
set work harness, ami
Apply to
Mount Laurier. Que.
###PAGE###6###
1


TABLE TALKS

band behind his beck.
The Runt looked at him euepb clou sly as he left the cabin . . .
The children's mother, now Mrs. Roger Carlton, stood with her Bkif Ueh husband on the dock at Southampton, watting for Tim and Jane to come down the gangplank. Both were nervous.
"They'll love England, Roger,* she said. "I know they will."
"Of course they will, darling,* he said to reassure her.
"And they'll love you, too. You'll see.”
"I hope so, Winifred."
"We've been terribly happy, haven't we, Roger?"
"Of course, darling."
"Nothing ... not anything In the world can change that, can It? Here they come! Darling, don't be eo nervous!"
"1 can't help it," he smiled. "I'm about to become a father!"
Jane flew Into her mother's arms and was smothered with kieses. Then Tim was given a big hug. "Oh, Timmy, I'm so glad to see you." ,
"Hello, Mom," he responded affectionately.
. "It's so good to have you both here. I've missed you terribly. Well, Roger, here they are."
"So I see," their new father smiled. "Hello. Jane. Hello, Tim* The Runt curtsied, moving automatically closer to Tim. The latter muttered a brusque "Hello."
"Did you have a pleasant crossing ?"
Tim flung him an Indifferent "Yeah. Okay," a contemptuous tilt to his nose.
"There," his mother sighed with relief. "Jane, darling, wouldn't you like to kiss your new father?"
Roger Carlton looked at her hopefully, but The Runt was looking at Tim. Hie face was scowling. Very politely she said: "No, thank you very much . . ."
Red fern House. Roger Carlton's old Georgian house In Ascot, was set In a lovely estate surrounded by trees. The children did not perceive Its quiet charm because of the constraint that had settled over them all. That tense feeling of waiting for something to happen persisted ae tea was served in the drawing room with Its Gothic windows and Its gay chintzes.
Winifred Carlton broke an embarrassed pause by observing that a little later they must all take a walk. "You'll love this place. There Is a trout stream, and a lake that you can swim In in summer, and horses and dogs and—"
The Runt turned abruptly to Roger Carlton and asked with evident sincerity: "Who did you borrow it from?"
Tim gulped the tea In hib mouth* his face flushing very red.
"Borrow?" said their mother In a startled voice. "What an amazing question!"
Jane, surprised at their reaction, •aid: "But Tim said—"
Tim coughed and his face got redder. Roger Carlton, sensing the tension, stood up and said he'd run down to the kennels and look at the nv .v litter of pupe. He asked Jane if she'd like to go along.
"N-n-no, thanks," she said after a glance at Tim.
"Run along, darling," said her mother. "I want to talk with Tim."

HELP CANADA KEEP FIT

School Lunch Box Suggestions
'ir&m/l]

FF



mm Mr
We hear much about nutrition these days and how essential it ie for our daily menus to fill our nutritive needs. And It is equally important for mothers to see that the contents of their children’s lunch boxes are also nutritious.
Since sandwiches form a main part of the school lunch, their preparation is most important.
Wholesome breads should bs used for sandwiches, Graham, whole wheat, oatmeal, brown, raisin, and nut bread are excellent. Cold bran or whole wheat muffins or filled rolls arc also tempting.
Fillings of the sandwiches require special preparation. Cheese, meat, eggs, nuts, dried fruits or vegetables should be put through the food chopper. Cream cheese, peanut butter and other compact substances should be thinned with cream. Ground meats, eggs, and vegetables should be moistened with a small amount of salad dressing or cream and vinegar. Succulent vegetables should be provided, if possible. Finely chopped celery, lettuce, water cress or sliced tomato may be used alone or with cottage cheese.
Jellies, jams and conserves make sweet sandwiches or a tiny jar of the fruited sweet may be tucked into the lunch box.
And please don’t forget to include a thermos container of milk, and some kind of fresh fruit — such as an apple, pear, orange, banana, etc.
Care should be taken in the packing of the lunch. All foods not in containers should be wrapped separately in waxed paper before being placed in the box. The neatly wrapped articles should be placed, so far as is possible, in the order in which the food will be eaten, ao that those found first may be eaten first without disturbing the remainder. The heaviest foods, however, should be placed at the bottom.
Select a lunch box that can be kept clean. Lunch boxes should be washed, scalded and aired daily. Those made of light-weight metal are best. Many atractive boxes are now made with a vacuum bottle which fits the box. These are highly desirable. A lunch box should not be air-tight, as a circulation of air prevents the mingling of odors.
Paper napkins and cups are essential lunch box accessories.

A
A


¦x


"Hey, cut that out!" cried TL In a panic. "You’ll hurt yourelf!" The Runt nodded agreement with that statement. The yelling of the boys to Tim to put her out continued. "Okay — Okay." he said. "Take your finger out of your mouth. Now tell me—end make It snappy."
"Timmy, Mom's gone and got married!"
In complete amazement he could only gasp "What?”
"She got married in England— to that Englishman she’s been writing us about — and we gotta go to England right away . . . and we’re going to sail Monday on the Queen Mary . . to Ihe in Ktigla Laura wants you to come home and pack—"
Tim grabbed the cablegram she wuàfl waving while she continued, chanting: "We’re going to England! We’re going to England!" He read the message and bltt neee entered his soul.
A Yank at Eton..
Il

Adapted by Lebbeus Mitchell from Ihe Metro Goldwyn Mayer Picture Starring Mickey Rooney
In peace or war, two Nabisco Shredded Wheat with milk ie a favorite breakfast dish with men who like to "keep At". Nabisco Shredded Wheat is 100% whole whemt, retaining all the bran and wheat germ. For general fitness—keep well nourished. Eat tasty, convenient Nabisco Shredded Wheat regularly!
THI CANADIAN SHREDDED WHEAT COMPANY, LTD.

CHAPTER ONE
Cast of Characters

O
Timothy Dennis Mickey Rooney
Edmund Gwenn .. Ian Hunter Peter Carlton .. Fred. Bartholomew Winifred Dennis Carlton
Justin
NABISCO
SHREDDED WHEAT
Roger Carlton
Marta Linden
•••
Jane (The Runt)....Juanita Quigley Mr. Dunesk Ronnie Kenvll...
Inky Weeld.......
Flossie Sampson M’Dame .. .. ....
Restauranteur Hllspeth
Alan Mowbray Peter Lawford
and we're going I . . . and Aunt

Raymond Severn
...Tina Thayer
.... Minna Phillips
... Alan Napier
Terry Kilburn
Arctic Weather
In Summertime
Paris and surrendered their capital without firing a shot, the Russians were willing to throw into the melting pot of total war their first Industrial achievement, the Denleproetroi dam and electric power pant, together with the westernized architecture of Leningrad and the more eastern glories ef Moscow, the Kremlin, and the Church of St. Basil.
*#*##
It was that long run of Timothy Dennis's, half way across the football field, thaft won the game for RodwIII High against Mills Military by a score of 14 to 7 eockiness of his remark, as the high school team huddled. "Well, fellas, we took the Army, now bring on the Navy," warn excus-
Engineers at the Wright Aeronautical Corporation laboratories said they had created polar climate in a New Jersey test cell, designed to prepare aricraft engines for use this winter in Iceland and other "iceboxes” of the world. Woiking through the hot summer months in collaboration with research workers of the Standard Oil Company, the fur-clad engine-* era encountered a synthetic winter when they entered a cold chamber. Even at its warmest the cell was more than 100 degrees colder than the outside temperature.


#
‘They can’t do this to me! They can’t get away with M! I’m going to Notre Dame! If they think I’m going to England they're crazy. " The Runt stood Inside the open door of Tim’s cabin on the Queen Mary and sniffled. Tim turned to her apprehensively. "What’s the matter? You going to cry?”
"I’m not sure." said the Runt, perplexed, and sniffling again "Well, make up your mind don’t! .
The
languages
able
On the way to the locker room the coach called Tim to meet a Mr. Brown—"Speed" Brown.
"Hiah, Mr. . . . Gosh! . . . Not— mot the Notre Dame "Speed" Brown?"
*Tm glad somebody still remembers." smiled Mr. Brown.
"Gosh, sir. how could anybody forget you? Dad used to talk about you for hours. Why, you and he were tihe greatest combination In the—well, in the whole world."
"You grab a pa«ss something like your father used to."
"Gee. sir, thanks. He taught me all I know about the game."
"I suppose you'll be heading for Notre Dame yourself in a couple of years."
"Why, sure, where else is there to go?"
"Well, there are a couple of other places."
"Yeah, but not one of them gives out those,” said Tim, pointing to a gold football charm on Brown’s tch chain. "At east, not with a •Notre Dame' on them."
The total number of present day spoken languages, exclusive of minor dialects, says pathfinder, Is placed at 2,769 by Prof. Mario Pei of Columbia University’s romance language department.
nd
I thought you were so happy about going to England." "Well, I'm not."
"Why?"
"Because you're not."
GOOD EATING NEWS
Start the day the better way with a good hearty breakfast which includes a plateful of hot, sweet-smelling All-Bran Muffins. Add spices and molasses for an extra-delicious muffin that pairs off beautifully with hot coffee. Here’s the recipe:
All-Bran Spice Muffins
1 teaspoon soda ltt teaspoons cinnamon \ teaspoon ginger 16 thin slices raw apple or other fruit
¦¦¦	Cinnamon and sugar mixture
Add All-Bran to molasses and milk and allow to soak for 16 * minutes. Beat egg and add to first mixture. Sift flour, salt, soda and spices together and combine with All-Bran mixture. Fill greased muffin pans two-thirde full. Dip apple slices in cinnamon-sugar mixture and place on top. Bake in moderately hot oven (400*F.) about 20 minutes.
Yield: 16 muffins (2% inches in diameter).
Til say I'm not ! " said Tim blt-'111 bet he never went to England.” He nodded towards the portrait of their father, a big, husky, smiling man, which he had g on the wall near a photo of their mother.
"No, siree!" said the Runt emphatically.
Til say he didn't! Dad w vs too smart."
"1 wonder what that man la like?” continued his sister. To his "What man?" she said, "Mom's husband. Our new father. Mister . . . Mister—"
terly
i cups All-Bran % cup light molasses ltt cups milk 1
1 cup flour * teaspoon salt
....
Russia Ready For Sacrifices
"Carlton's the name," Tim exploded viciously. "And he’s not our father .
(By Wm. Henry Chamberlin In Harper’s Magazine)
#
My mistake was ever letting Mom go to Europe alone. They're all looking for rich wives over there. I guess Carlton got the Jump on them all right."
"But Mom wrote that he has a big house in the country . . . and dogs . . . and horsey . . . and—" "Yeah. He probably borrowed them." Tim stalked over to the porthole and stared out at the sea. His sister, after a moment's thinking, said decisively:
T want to get off."
"What do you think this is? A
. Besides, it won't be so bad for you. You’re young— you got nothing to lose. But me— getting deported—just before the biggest game of the season . . . I’m sacrificing my life. I've got nothing to live for. Nothing mat-
Tim was describing hie meeting with the former football champion io his fellows in the locker room when there was & disturbance at toe door.
"You can’t go In there! Scram!" ¦aid a boyish voice.
"I’ve gotta get in! I’ve gotta see ¦y brother!" said the small girl whose way he blocked.
"Can’t you read? 'Men’s Locker
The speaker
Both physically and psychologically the Russians are a tough, resilient people.
Cossack vilage in the Kuban region of southeastern Russia in the autumn of 1933. It was the after-
POSTUM
I was visting a'
• «salai iivisais

e
math of a great famine. In the first house which I entered there was an old woman, her daughter and the latter’s newly born baby. The daughter’s brother, his wife and five children died of hunger. But this young woman herself was full of energy and will to live. She had borne a child In this terrible year. And she had gone back to work in the collective farm as soon as possible after giving birth.
The toll of death in this famine
It might have
97UU/OOC+*
»••*••«!? HI ••• #*#
WHY NOT MAKE THIS
Enjoy Its
Robust Flavor
Boom—Keep Out entered, slammed the door shut and locked it. "Can you imagine the nerve of that dame?"
9 99
w
street ear?
But Jane Dennis. Tim’s younger sister commonly called "The Runt," was bursting with news that couldn’t wait. She climbed in through a window and jumped Inside, falling on the floor and sending the boys in various stages of undress to cover.
"Hey, Tim! Put your sister out!" one protesting voice shouted above others. Tim advanced threateningly upon his sister.
"What are you doing here? Go 1 Beat it!"
"I won't! Not until I tell you—"
"Ob, you won’t?” said Tim with a menacing gesture.
Til bite my finger till the end flails off!" s/he said, standing up to
T)OSTUM is a grand beverage for meal* A time or bedtime. Its flavor is delicious
was staggering	¦
been a mortal blow to a western
He stopped speaking suddenly, and stood looking out through the open door of his cabin.
Hie eye had been caught by the vision of a very pretty American girl, about fifteen years of age and very sophistically dressed for her age. She gave Tim a flirtatious look and passed on, dropping her handkerchief. Tim’s face lighted up. He took his father’s Notre Dame football charm out of his pocket, tossed It up into the air
V'

country with a stationary or declining birthrate. But in Russia, as in China, the progress of recovery from such a natural catastrophe as war or famine is amazingly swift.

and satisfying.
Post am contains no caffein or tannin to upset nerves or stomach. It’s a safe beverage for adults and children alike.1 And there’s no waste or fuss because you prepare Postum right in the cup, quickly, and easily. Postum is economical and helps save on sugar.

B
Willing To Sacrifice One can imagine how much this quality of toughness has been cultivated since 1914.g| lived through two major foreign wars, a violent social revolution, a ferocious civil war, and two disastrous famines, whom death, sometimes in . very horrible forms, has become so familiar would not shrink from any sacrifice in a struggle for national survival.
While the French thought of the incomparable beauties of
Russia has
vHfrX
Be

fill

:•*
*
A people to







A WAR AVINGS STAMPS
THAT POSTUM IS CERTAINLY GRAND. EVER SINCE WE SWITCHED TO POSTUM WE BOTH FEEL BETTER, SLEEP BETTER AND DO OUR WORK BETTER 1


THRIFTY BUYERS ASK FOR THEIR
CHANGE
• • •

*

OVER-BUYING OF COAL UNFAIR TO COMMUNITY
X

Buying up all the coal in sight means that you deprive someone else in your community. So be patient as far as your full winter's requirements are concerned for, when the present rush is over, every householder will have some coal in his bin and dealers will be able to catch up with the demand and fill your future orders promptly. And when ordering, specify ‘blue coal'. Then you'll be sure of better heat all winter— and you’ll save money, too. Why not task your nearest ’blue coal' dealer for further Information. Phone him today.
3575
Get them from your Grocer. "Buy for the future when you buy for today."
V
«- is
A
A
For Her First Fall Frock?


By Louise Lennox
Thinking about outfitting that girl of yours for school? Here’s a design for a darling frock, with a dickey to keep it always neat.


i
m
er
Christies
premium
SODA
CRACKERS


\
Style No. 3676 is designed for sizes 8, 10, 12, 14 and 16. Size 12 requires 2% yards 36-inch fabric with M yard contrasting.
Send twenty cents for pattern to Room 421, 73 Adelaide St. West, Toronto. Write your name, address and style number, sure to state size you wish.
*¦
/
V-'-v-.,

I
4 OZ. tin MAKES AO CURS
• OZ. SIZE MAKES 100
0
I
ISSUE 43—’42
I
*
Be
m


n
###PAGE###7###
FIGHTING WORDS FOR FIGHTING MEN
SUNDAY CHOOL E S SON
Br
?
ed Citlssn soldiers, the story fti
11 £|| REX FROST l
ing number of radio jets in opera, tion the continent wide, tuned te the 114 Columbia stations carry this popular program. From now on, Monday evening will provide an even greater opportunity than before for lovers of dramatis art to indulge their preference* Immediately following the Las Radio Theatre will follow a ies of plays by the Screen Guild Players, both programmes origi sting in Hollywood. The sponsor. Lady Esther.
very different.
He's beck again . . . that pride of the youthful generation . . . that daring, trouble shooting, dare devil aviator of the airwaves . . . Jimmy Allen I So, ladies, If those youngsters of yours have aa unfortunate habit of getting In your way around the kitchen Just when you’re preparing the supper, take them over to the radio at # o’clock any day Monday through Friday and you can just about bet doHars to doughnuts that from then on it will be part of the regular routine of the household. Jimmy Allen brings his thrilling and inspiring adventure stories to Ontario through CFRB To-
Poeeees 4 of a trained cittseo-eeh
LESSON 43
STEPS TOWARD SOLUTION OF THE ALCOHOL PROBLEM Ecclesiastes 10: 17; Amos St 21-24; Romans 14: 19-21; 2 Corinthians 6; 17; 1 Peter 4: 14. GOLDEN	TEXT.—Let justice
roll down a# waters, and righteous-neee aa a mighty stream,—Amos S: 24.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—The book of Bccleelaetee may have been written about 976 B.C. Amos prophesied about 790 to 785 B.C. The Second Epistle to the Corinthians, and the First Ep-ilstle of Peter, were both written aibout A.D. 60.
Place.—Eccleeiastee may have been written in the city of Jerusalem. Amos was a prophet to the northern city of Israel. The Epistle To The Romans was written from the city of Corinth. The Second Epistle to the Corinthians was probably written from the city of PbilllpL We do not know where the Apostle Peter was when he wrote his First Epistle.
Dally Righteousness 21. 'T hate, I despise your feasts, and I will take no delight in your •olemn assemblies. 22. Yea, though ye offer mo your burnt-offerings and meal-offer toge, I will not accept them; neither will I regard the peace-offerings of your fat beasts. 23. Take thou away from me the noise of thy songs; for I will not h
?loks. 24. But let justice roll down as waters, and righteousness as a mighty stream." The Lord said He simply despised their feast days, and would not receive the sweetsmelling savour of their sacrifices, nor have any regard for their peace offerings. These sacrifices were all right In their place, but they were worthless if those offering them chose to live in constant disobedience to the laws of holiness. It is so easy to substitute ritual for righteousness. The ritual le soon finished, but righteousness As something that should mark every aspect of our life, every day of our life.
dtery in peacetime is in leas dan-
gmr of attack than Che country which has not taken this preoau-
thlng wrong with Hitler's Intelligence service. It obviously fell down badly so far me Russia was
concerned—and his own Intelli-
gence dhould have told him whs* to expect from the Yugoslavs!
A few years before the outbreak of Wi
produced la England title "An Englishman's Home.**1 This play demonstrated with terrific stage effects and blood and death what happens when untrained citizens attempt to defend their homes against fully trained invaders. If the lesson of this play had been learned and peaceful peoples had been prepared undoubtedly the 1914-191» wi ¦jjjgl shorter and this one might not have occurred.
It Is not only for the warlike arts that we should prepare our-•elves in peacetime, there are many peaceful arte that become not only virtues but stern necessities in time of war. The first of these, beyond doubt, le defence against inflation. R can the more rapidly become successful if, like military training, it has been carried on during the softer years of peace.
We were unprepared on both •epunts, and on both counts the Individual Citizen's Army was responsible. We found that we had more pennies in our pockets for luxuries, K we elected, or allowed to remain in office, politicians who pared down the budget by falling to provide funds for military training. Having saved those necessary tax pennies we wasted them on unnecessary frills—and now we find it hard to forego those trills.
So hard, in fact, have we found It that we have welcomed the setting up of governmental boards and commissions to compel us to discontinue our wasteful practices.
The Wartime Prices and Trade Board, one of the many wartime bodies we have created, ie very much in the position of the instructors of the Reserve Army. We have placed ourselves under It just as volunteers * place themselves their sergeants and officers, learning from It Just privates In the Reserve Army learn from their Instructors, how to discipline ourselves so that we
W


In 1914 a melodrama was
der the
ffv
#



Mi
Personality of the Week
It has been said that people succeed by what they know, others by what they do, and a few by what they are. The personality behind that friendly feminine voice you hear Monday through Friday mornings 10.80 te 10.45 over CFRB, Mrs. Aitk succeeds on all three counts. She's slender, sparkling, vivacious, always smiling, and always has something amusing to tell. For many years Mrs. Aitken has brought to her morning listeners interesting items of home news, international affairs, current books, and happenings around town aqd country. But Mrs. Aft-ken has many interests outside of radio. Currently she is in charge of all womens' activities associated with the Victory Loan C paign. It was Mrs. Aitken whe co-ordinated, organized and supervised the Womens' Section of the Canadian National Exhibition. Most housewives know of her cooking schools, many have tended them. One thing you probably don’t know is that Mrs. Aitken has long instructed a cooking school for boys, yes, boys! Jnet young lads gathered from the homes in a certain section of downtown Toronto. Every Wednesday evening these youngates* ieam how to prepare and cook fi dinner, and not only that. When the dinner has been cooked, they all sit down and enjoy it, and carry away with them not only the memory of a truly enjoyable meal, but the recipes and instzu tions to pass along to mother.


young
ronto. There it just one thing. If Junior suddenly starts pestering you to get a certain brand of breakfast food, you’ll quite understand that he has visions of becoming another husky, adventurous addition of Jimmy Allen him-








would have been

self.

*
A British woman war worker chalks a warlike message on the gun of a Covenanter tank, brought to the factory where she works to show workers how the equipment they make is used in fighting machines.
Another old friend has just returned to the airwaves, that perennial star of vaudeville, screen and radio, A1 Jolson. Assisted by comedian Parlryakarkus, veteran A1 started a new series of variety shows over the Columbia Broadcasting System last week. Tn day is the night, 10 o’clock the time, CPRB is Included In the hook-up. Here is a show the extreme versatility of which will surely appeal to every member of the household. It has good music, a plentiful sprinkling of the absurdities and laughs of Parkyakar-kus, while A1 Jolson himself with his inimitable style and individual interpretation of the songs most of us know so well rounds out a presentation which as a sparkling nightcap should prepare you for happy dreams.
3. "For the time part may suffice to have wrought the desire of the Gentiles, and to have walked In lasciviousness, lusts, wine-bibbinge, revelling*, caro usings, and abominable idolatries :	4.
wherein they think It strange Umt ye run not with them Into the same excess of riot, speaking evil of you". The attitude of worldly people wasting their lives In riotous living toward Christians who utterly spurn euoh orgies of iniquity is the same today as It wee when the Apostle Peter wrote, 1900 years ago. A man who refuses to drink with a number of other men on a train, or in a restaurant, may often have to stand ridicule. Christian people who make It known that they do not gamble may have to be thought of as strange. We, by our salvation, have been separated from worldlineee, which leads down to destruction, and know a path of righteousness, the
fruit of which li a Joy, and peace, and Increasing strength, and unselfishness, a holiness of life, and righteousness of conduct, which the world has nev side of union with Jesus Christ There will come a time when we will just have to make a definite decision in our own life, whether we are going the way the world goes, or the way the Lord leads. The wages of one is disillusionment, and death, whereas the fruit of the other Is holiness, and peace, and eternal life.
Judgment Awaits # "Who shall give account to him that Is ready to Judge the living and the dead." Judgment awaits men on the oth death—the Judgment for his servants, to adjust rewards, and the final Judgment of the ungodly : but It is also true
known, out*
the melody of thy
side of
t of Christ
$
$
Since 1984 when the Lux Radio Theatre first went on the air, Monday evening has always been regarded as a highlight of radio enthusiasts of the drama. In fact this top-rating dramatic broadsast now boasts to have an average listening audience of thirty millions. Monday evenings 9 to 10 o’clock has seen an ever incréas-
4L
r I
that we are now In the presence
of our Judge.

Abuse of Liberty 19. “So then let us follow after things which make for peace, and things whereby we may edify one another. 20. Overthrow not for meat’s sake
?
Alan Maijwce AlRJkVIN .

*
und
NOBEL PRIZE WINNER
?
e work of God. All things indeed are clean; howbelt it is evil for that man who eateth with offence. 21. It is good not to eat flesh, nor to drink wine, nor to do anything whereby thy brother stumbleth.” The Apostle has been talking In this chapter about the love which Christians ought to have for one another and the fruits of such a love, namely an avoidance of judgment of others, and especially a strong determination not to do anything, even in the matter of eating and drinking, which would cause their Christian brethren to stumble. Any use of Christian liberty which disregards the damaging effect it may produce upon a weak brother is a bad use. How such eating may prove a stumbling-block to not said but we certainly can hurt others by what we drink, namely, Intoxicating beverages. We have liberty for doing this, but we should not use this liberty, because In so doing, we are liable to lead a weaker brother, who looks up So us for guidance,into bondage in these things.
41
• I
r v
HORIZONTAL 1 Canadian who discovered diabetes cure.
12	Soft broom.
13	Imbecilities.
14	North Africa (abbr.).
16 Virginia willow.
18	To give.
19	Genus of cattle.
20	Slowly.
21	Scatters.
22	Fewer.
28	Idant.
24	Southeast (abbr.).
25	Animal.
27 Blemish.
29	It is (contr.).
30	Sound of pleasure.
32 Hauled up.
34Court (abbr.). 53 Yellow bird.
35	Sun deity.
36	Pine fruit
Answer le Previous Puzzle 8 Insects'
9 Golf deviez
10	Exists.
11	Shrewd.
12	He won e

HO ESHHK
H >:ïohi
OÜSM B dk-
JUY
of campaigning.	¦¦
War Workers Face Problem Of Tires
B Is quête a few weeks now since I wee urgently chided by an editor for getting too personal about the Reserve Army, but K can't have been too bed because he published the article anyway.
If you give a column let an inch he always take# the proverbial eM, so here goes a little more about the men who are training themselves for home defence.
What brought the whole thing up was a suggestion made before the parade was dismissed the other night by the colonel that the beet way to bring the regiment up to strength would be for every member to bring In one recruit This suggestion appealed so strongly to a private soldier In one of the companies that he turned over to the battalion for recruiting purposes 500 agate lines of space which would otherwise have been devoted to advertising his own business during the month of September.
Another Incident worth mentioning Is the case of a private soldier who spent 14 days with ue at camp. For this he drew'pay at the rate of $1.20 per day and when hie cheque was banded to him he borrowed a pen from his company commander and endorsed it over to the colonel with the message that there were no strings attached. In due course the Ladies' Auxiliary of our active service unit
acknowledged to the soldier a contribution of $16.80 to its wool fund.
It Is interesting to note that both the private soldiers referred to are Jews..
GW
EITIAI
M RIIU II
Miieewsrj
MB0ÛBŸ __________ |
Bang	e
HfïïDflIÂ 3,1 Hl*]W=1
16 Dr. Best
You can't help being personal
him hs
Most industrial war workers are being carried to their jobs In automobiles having tires that will be worn out before next winter Is over. Nearly all the rest must face the same conditions before the end of the following winter. These conclusions are derived from a survey being conducted In Massachusetts, and apply to ditlons found there, but they have much more than merely regional significance. The survey is still under way, and is being conducted by the State Planning Board. Probably Its findings are broadly applicable to hundreds of munitions centers throughout the
his discover 17 Preposition,
19 To throb.
22 Behold.
25	To embetfl*
26	To restrlet 28 Acidity.
31 Barbed 33 Station.
37 Strain.
40 Kind of 42 Decree.
44	Note in
IHI
45	Branches.
46	Notch.
48	Food.
49	Wood applet
50	Card game.
52 Lion.
54	Dutch (abbe.k
55	Railroad (abbr.).
about a Reserve Army which le looked upon as so personal an institution as ie illustrated by the two oases I have mentioned. Both of the
SIEiJ OHMHr=
men are of categories that do not fit them for active service, both own their own business they train in their own time and no generous employer makes them a present of two weeks' holiday In which to go to camp.
These men are not unique, in feet it is pretty safe to say that they are representative of. the calibre of the soldiers of the Reserve Army as it ie now constituted.
In other words, to the reserve soldier of today his unit is a personal thing, it Is something to which he devotes not Just the after-work hours two nights a week, 10 full Sundays in the y and 14 days at camp, but a good many minutes of fun time during the day.
He may not consciously think It, but in the back of the mind of every man who, though he may be working hard at a war Job, puts In theee extra hours in training for the eventuality of attack upon
41 Corded.
43 To handle.
45 Skin.
47	Titled nobleman.
48	Genus of grasses.
49	College accounts.
51 Kite end.
discovering
58 He was professor at the University
con-
of
VERTICAL
1	Loved excessively.
2	Not closed. 54 Deportment 3 Palm lily.
56	Frozen water. 4 Queer.
57	He received 5 Disturbance.
6	Ossa.
7	Scholarly.
coun-
try.
The percentages of tires of the war workers that are expected to remain in service each month as .follows: It Is estimated that one quarter of them will be worn out and unusuable by the end of this month, that half of them will be gone by March, that lees then 26 percent of them will last through next year, and that by June of 1948 only two or three percent of the tires will still vive in service. These figures based on data covering only localities, but there Is so much similarity in the figures for the different plants that it seems likely that they may be fairly
sentatlve of such conditions elsewhere.
(Pi).
God's Assurance
17. "Wherefore come ye out from among them, and be ye separate, said the Lord, and touch no unclean thing ; and I will receive you." This separation from the world was not to be physical and local and social, but moral and spiritual. These Corinthians were not to migrate to other cities, but to keep free from the intimacies and fellowships which might ally them with idolatry; and today Christians are to live In the world, while they are not of the world. They live among their fellow men In close relationships: yet all the while they belong to another sphere of life. But this separation does not mean loneliness or loss, ft results In a divine companionship which to more than compensation for all that the world offers. Such was the promise to God's people of old, and such is the assurance made to his servants, today.
38	Year (abbr.).
39	Lava.
the Nobel prize for
are
2
I
4
K>
II
12
13
to
18
\9
sur-
are
seven
SFr
76
LISTEN TO

30
31
3
mk
repre-
COUNTRY NEWS
II
II

35
36


Perhaps the most important

^conclusion at which a reader arrives after studying the situation, Is that gasoline rationing can provide only an inadequate and Ineffective solation for these tire problems. Retreads are needed and promptly. The data forecast a rapidly proacblng war worker transportation crisis.
0
ITEMS OF INTEREST FROM ONTARIO WEEKLY
NEWSPAPERS
44
45
46
48
50
51
EACH SUNDAY AT 2 P.M. CFRB - 860 On Your Dial
55
ap-
L "Forasmuch then as Christ suffered in the flesh, arm ye yourselves also with the same mind; for he that hath suffered in the flesh hath ceased from sin." Let us refuse the lawless strivings of self. It will need resolution and determination. But victory Is sure. And though there will be no cassation In the temptation, there will be cessation In the yielding to it, which is sin. In time the bodily desires, long thwarted, will give lees and lew trouble.
Excès# Of Wine
no longer should live ir time In the flesh to the lusts of men, but to the will ef God '
Excess of wine is closely connected with abominable idolatries. Is not any use of wine excessive, enleee It be taken for some very distinct purpose of health, prescribed by medical authority—and, even then, often mistakenly.
POP—Quite Used to It!
By J. MILLAR WATT
sureIïm a
MARRIED MAN !
CAN YOU TAKE A LOT OP GAS
I
A
s



?
e

2. "That ve the rest of 7
•A*
V

% ê S
• es
«
###PAGE###8###









For Beautiful
Cemetery Memorials
>






Write or phone
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
¥
V.

oA


»

s*





«

Phone, 278

I



Funeral of John Findlay at Carman, Man.
Mrs. J. Chas Reid Dies at Abbotsford B. C. at the Age of 91 Years
¦
V
-
i

i
#

Funeral service was held Saturday afternoon, Oct. 17th. at Doyles’ funeral varier for John Findlay, resident of Carman for many years, who passed away at the family residence Thursday morning, Oct. 15th. There was a large attendance of relatives and friends at the service, which was conducted iby Rev. C. H. Hetherington, minister of St. Andrew’s Wesley Vnited Church, assisted by Rev. L. Dickinson, minister of the Pentecostal Church.
Mr. Findlay was born April 28, 1866, at Radford, (jue. and went to Carman district in 1896. In 1900 he married Mary Jane Cook, of Carman, and they had lived there most of the time since, Mr. Findlay followed the carpentering trade. Two years ago a paralytic stroke During her residence in British affected his health and he had been Columbia she attended Knox Fresby- more or less an invalid since that time, terian Church at Sapperton.	Mr. Findlay was for 43 years a mem-
She is survived by two stepsons, her of the 10.O F, Order John David Reid, of New Westminster, He is survived by his wife and one B. C , and Nelson Stanley Reid, of Van son. John, and five daughters; Mrs. Jas couver, B C.; two step daughters, Mrs. McIntosh and Mrs. J Hodgson, of Hattie Latham, of Cobalt, Ont. and Stephen field; Mrs. L Norton, of Sud-and Mrs. Annie Belfry, of Dimsdale, bury. Ont, Mrs. A. Phillipeon and Mrs.
Mrs. Harriett J. Graham, uf Winnipeg, Also surviving him are three brothers and three sister^ William, of Oraysville; Herbert, of Homewood; James, of Sha* ville; I Mrs. Wright and Mrs. J. Steelman, of ! Winnipeg, and Mrs. Henry Horner, of
Mrs. J Chas. Reid, an aged and well known naident of Sapperton district died on Friday, Oct. 9th. at the home of her twice, Mrs. C. C Mouldvy, Abbotsford, B C.
Mrs. R-dd was a native of Huntley township, Ontario, and had resided with her neice for the pist two years. She had resided in New Westminster for 31 yeais.
She was a member of the large tanv.ly of Mr. and Mrs. John Moorhead, who took up a homestead in Leslie tow nship, Que,, when she was 12 years of age. In 1897 she was married to lohn Chas. Reid, of Leslie, and later they resided near Campbell’s Bay. She predeceased by her husband two years


/


<x
¦



$¦


/

j
*
U,
Sv v<s§


E

IP
5»	:	'


rL
L

1


1

«
v»
.JC?er
4
was
\
ago
B
Now WE hold a Mortgage
on Canada Ma!”
Il

*

K

%.

S
% »
a sister in law.
Alta
Hill, resides at Campbell's Hay, Que.
• •
"Sure we’re working harder than ever—but that never hurt anybody. We’re working longer hours and putting money away in Victory Bonds. Now we’ll be paid interest instead of paying it.
"When peace comes we’ll have money saved to buy new equipment for our farm—might even put up a new barn — maybe take a holiday !
"Meanwhile, we can’t think of any safer or better place to invest our money than in bonds backed by our country. And we can’t think of any better purpose than helping our fighting boys get the jump on the enemy. When we read about our lads bombing Germany, we can think that maybe we raised one of those bombs on our own farm.
"So that’s our plan from now until peace comes. We will work to save and lend. We ll have it to spend later.
i And we can look forward to getting that new tractor and that fine new automobile we’re saving for now.”
» 4
m
our
>


A Foul Trick
Every night before climbing into | Sbawville bed. Private Darwin Cummings of Camp Bareley, Texas, plants a kiss on the photograph of his girl friend, which he keeps next to his bed. One night recently Cummings came into Ins tent after lights were out. He followed his usual habit and then got into bed and went to sleep.
When Cummings awoke the next morning, he flew into a rage. And no wonder. Someone had replaced his girl’s picture with that of Adolf Schickelgruber!

E
\
»

% k
Mr. Justice of Peace
Must Change His Actions
Mr. Justice of Peace, the man who runs his court from his living room, must change his ways, says the Committee on Minor Judiciary in a report fo the Pennsylvania Bcr association.
Who is Mr. Justice of Peace? The committee says that this public officer has served one six-year term on the average, had grammar school education, is 50 years old, is either a farmer or skilled or unskilled laborer, and tries only 19.4

a
i
\
î ' *

!
\
/
wy

m
‘Ya Gotta Get Up’
You “gotta get up" at 0545 at United States army camps nowadays.
Taps, when you’re supposed to be cases per year, tucked in foi the night, is sounded }our |^caI s9uir.e has about 5,*»»1 at 2200. Dropped from the military fellow officers in the state and dea.s record book, at least for the dura- with more than 300 kinds of offenses, tion, are the well-known symbols. He collects fines, divided between A M and P M	county and state, most frequently
trrsrM - -xx
To experienced travelers there is ^is cases are ^ favor of the plainnothing new about the army s new ^ff. Other charges include no quali-time. It has been in use by gov- fications required except legal n si-ernments, railways, steamship com- dence and age, lack of court superpanics and airlines throughout con vision, and absence of docket beck tinental Europe for many years. » burnished for records of cases. France officially adopted the 24-hour However, Mr. Justice of Peace is system in 1912, having used it as | n0f as much at fault as the system early as 1884. American overseas

\
HOW TO BUY
I
Give your order to the Victory Loan sUt-sman who calls on you. Or place it in the h-nds of any branch of any bank, or give it to «ny trust company. Or •end it to your local Victory Loan Headquarters. Or you can authorize your employer to start a regular payroll savings plan for you. bonds may be bought in denominations ot $50, $100, $500, $1,000 and larger. Salesman, bank, trust company or your local Victory Loan Headquarters will be glad to give you every assistance in making out your order form.
"We'll be laying up for ourselves the best of all investments
VICTORY BONDS—backed by all the resources of the Dominion of Canada: they yield a fair rate of
borrow against them; and they are
interest; we can readily saleable when we need cash !
I
NOTHING MATTERS NOW BUT VICTORY...
the new Victory Bonds
. the committee reports. This home-forces became acquainted with it in town judge offers the best example
191 < and 1918, when it was standard Qf democracy by the people, and for all Allied military and naval mes- gives a speedy trial with low operat-sages and records.	ing cost
_______________ How can Mr. Justice of Peace be
B*Uf
WEAR YOUR COMMANDO DAGGER
It is a symbol indicating that yen bavt bought tht new Victory Bonds.
improved? The committee suggests that he be more capable and competent, the fee system be abolished. . a new plan be established for a uniter Field, Ala., stood before the pecjf centralized system of courts, mirror in his room and preened himself for a full hour. This was
Sweet Repose
One of the non-commissioned of fleers in a school squadron at Gun
CANADA NEEDS $750,000,000 NOW!
' \
± L
L-34
•>
that the cost of bringing action be ....	...	.	. , low, and procedure be simple and
to be his day, his hour of triumph inf0rmal for those who cannot afford Nothing quite so wonderful had hap- lcgal counsel pened to anyone since time began	*
He was going to be married. He had told his bride-to-be he would call for her at two o’clock. It was only 11:30 now. Plenty of time for a little nap to calm his jangled nerves. His dreams broke off sharply when someone asked if he wanted any dinner. No! He didn’t want any chow. “DINNER! ! ! Did someone say DINNER??? What time is it anyway?” The bitter truth dawned. He had slept till 4:30 Yes, he is still trying to explain!

NATIONAL WAR FINANCE COMMITTEE
'
Former Small Russian
Colliery Now ‘Magnificent’
Not far northwest of Rostov is the town, Nikitovka, which,* according to a National Geographic society bulletin, “rocketed from a small colliery community to industrial magnificence” during the operation of the first and second Soviet Five-Year plans. It is part of the densely populated Stalino administrative region on the eastern edge of the Ukraine.
Nikitovka became the Ukraine spigot for Caucasus oil. Pipe lines totaling 850 miles stretch from Grozny and Maikop, second and third largest oil-producing fields of the Caucasus, to Rostov. They continue northwestward into the teeming industrial region of the Donets coal basin, terminating at refining centers in and near Nikitovka.
Three miles west of Nikitovka quicksilver deposits have provided This great sink in the desert | enormous quantities of this metal-forms an obstacle which tends to ¦ more than enough for the many defunnel the attacking units into a nar- | man(js of Soviet war industries. Col-row coastal strip. At the height ; Series near the city are known to of the dry season it might be pos- I haVe employed 1,300 people and are sible for motorized equipment to j typical of many towns in this Penn-cross through the depression over sylvania 0f Sovietland, extending 130 alkali flats. It is probable, however, that in July many of these flat, low areas are still marshy.
DALE’S TINSHOP
Now is the time to feed your cows
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Dairy Ration
A CREAT BAKER NO A.GRAND HEATER.
Try some of our

Hog Finisher
African Desert Obstacle
Northwest Egypt’s desolate Quat-tara depression, one of the world's most extensive areas below sea level, lies in the territory between Libya and the Nile delta, reaching at one point within less than 40 miles of the Mediterranean coast, says a bulletin from the National Geographic society in regard to the country in which the great Battle of Egypt is being fought.
and watch the pigs really grow
mutwill RAMI

Î
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg
Its woodcrfùl working qualities and attractive appearance have made the Findlay Oval a favourite in thousands of Canadian homes. Available in three sues. Large oven. Large, fast-heating reservoir. See it today!
?
s

5L
Telephone 126 SHAWVILLE
ÏMI
chick
Order your Furnaee no
supply is limited
M

miles eastward from Nikitovka, to *nd across the Don river.

i
r
TV?
àW








