###PAGE###1###
ft*

X
"v-
î a.-1
»

FT
: >



X



4 • ¦ V*


V

ffw
t ' ; -
K".



?


No. 41, 61st Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE,, THÜRSDAÎ, APRIL 28th, 1044
PERSONAL MENTION
The Ottawa Male * Quartette will king at all service* at the Holme#» Movement Church next Sunday, April 80.
Our neighbour, Mr. Neman Dagg, is proud of one of his leghorn hen». This one seem* to have taken on the wartime production idea and ha* the fiabit of piodnc-. ing very large egg*. Saturday night Mr. Dagg brought a specimen of tin- hen'* effort into the office which measured Hj the long way and 6$ around—a very good egg, but not a* large a* some mentioned by Andy Clarke in hi* Country News broadcasts Sunday ovnings.
Dr E. J. O'Leary
DENTIST
Campbell’s Bay, Que.
Phone Ho. 62
Evening* by appointment
Gowling
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Findlay, of Fitzroy Harbour, visited relatives here over the week end.
Mis* Nobel Baskin, of Ottawa, was the guest ot Mrs. Harold Wjtlker for the week end.
Rev. R P, Stote, of Charte* is, accompanied by Mrs. Stote, are in Montreal attending Synod
Musician Earl Garretty, R C A . Kingston, spent the week-end with 4i is mother, Mrs. Pearl Gar petty.
Mr. and Mr*. Frank Finnigan and family, of Ottawa, spent Sun day in town visiting friends and relatives.
Business

I
College
Y-j'j

i 283 Bank (Street OTTAWA, CANADA
Never were Stenographers in *urh defcsnd as now. We are conducting a mort intensive course. B*gin at or*<e and help your country.
1
Mi
774
mj
BklLUAWT UICRBEAUTY I
TCpASILY applied. Dries hard with a ^ brilliant high gloss. 26 gorgeous colors. Resists wear, heat, spilt coffee, alcohol, etc. For canoes, garden furniture, autos, as well as indoor surfaces.
You can't get a finer enamel.
4
Open all Summer
«•
W I. COWLING
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Prinioipal
President
Shtwville United Y. P. U. Play
On May 10th Shawviile Y. P. U. present their annual Spring in the Theatre at 8 15 p. m. are giving the four-act farce
Capt. Wallace Hod gin* «pent a few days at the home of his parents, Mr and Mr*. John L. Hod-gins, this week.
Rev. H. and Mr*. Kielty spending this week at Winch attending diet Confe
Mr. and Mrs. Thos. C. Sheppard, of Cornwall, spent the week-end at the home of bis mother, Mrs. J. Sheppard, Austin.
L Up! Jno Richardson, R.C.O.O., Barrietield, spent a furlough with hia parents. Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Richardson, Radford.
Miss Mabel Tngman, of Ottawa, was a visitor at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Tug-man, for the week-end.
Miss Lois Laughren. of Ottawa, spent the week end at the home of her parent*, Mr. and Mrs. Everett Laughren, Charteris.
Mr. and Mrs. Everett Moore, of Rupert, Que., visited the latter’s parents, Mr. and Mr* R. J. Tracy last Saturday and Sunday.
Lient. Cre*eel Langford am^Mr*. Langford, of Brockvile, are spending this week at the home of his mother, Mrs. 8. Langford.
Mr* Jas. A. Graham raturned to Bristol last week after upend, ing the Winter months with her daughter. Miss Kathleen, at M’nt Hamilton.
g" II iJ/i	ifti

MES a. MILLAR
M

will
e|L# S .
VOCATE, BARRISTER,
» MalnSt.,Hull,Que.
lorU’. Hotel, Campbell’* Bap 'try Wednesday morning
on tie cHou so, Shaw villa .every
Wednesday at Neon
¦¦¦
comedy, •'Gracie get» Her Man" which is a not of humor. Lines and . situations are hilariously funny, and the play will furnish a most enjoyable evening Set aside this date, May 10th. Prices 25 and 15 cents.

are
the Wesleyan Metho-erence.
k
etc.
im
VICTORY BONDS
m


At
H
Bleed Deeor Clinic Here
May 4lk and 5là
URLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGII lUolveralty
SHAW VILLE. QUE.

The Mobile Blood Clink will be in Shawvilte on Thursday and Friday, May 4th and 5th, to receive donation» of blood. Many more are needed to make the quota of blood donors required to fill two days operations here .
Mis* Katie
Danck — A dance, under the pice* of Adina Rebec* h Lodge. I be held at the Theatre Hall on Wednesday night, May 8rn Renfrew Swingster Orchestra. Admission, 60 cent*.
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
*? Estate C. U. Caldwell f
an*
wil
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate toarplsttp J Solid top, et* :
i
Office, Campbell’s Bay, Quebec
(In Lawn Block;
Elliott is the secretary and all donors are urged to get in touch with her soon.
A number have made donations of cash to help in the local expense for entertaining clinic personal, postage, etc. Any who would like to help in this can hand the cash to Miss Elliott.	t
Subscribers, Look at Your Label
Look at the label on your paper. It will tell you when your subscription to Tub Equity expires or expired. If you are more than three months in arrears, please remit immediately, or advise when remittance will he made. Present Government regulations for the conservation of paper require that all subscriptions must not be more than three njonths in arrears or they have to be discontinued and the il mounts owing collected.
Please pay up your subscription Do not delay, tions are payable in advance to all papers, whether yveekly or daily.
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
IX/.WVU1»
Young
i

Paper Salvage Required
Men’s
DONAT La GUERRIER
Notary Public '
CAMPBELL,S BAY QUEBEC
It is now some time since col lee-tions of salvage have been made in this district
Announcements over thé radio frequently advise of demand for salvage for war purposes. Spring housecleaning should find quanti* ties of different kinds of waste pape# in homes and business places.
It is expected that arrangements can be made very soon for shipment to some of the Salvage Companies. Paper should be securely tied in bundles or put m containers for shipment.
Particulars not now available will be ready for next issue of The Equity. Clean rags may also be accepted.
It is suggested to use salvage money “Prisoners of War Parcels.” R W. Hodgius. Convener

V
R*v W. J. White and Mrs, White, of Portage du Fort, went to Montreal on Monday to attend the annual Synod of the Diocese of Montreal.
Rev. 1, F. Pokes took the nnni versai y services at Hraeside Unit ed Church on Sunday. He was accompanied bv Mr. Glenn Hod-gins and Miss Kay Woodley, who sang «penal h elections.	Rev.
George Pnttenlmm. of Hraeside, reached in tne United Church ieie.
Suits
Collegiate Models
Subscrip
now.
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with by correspondence*
I
Local Fire Brigade Respood to Two Alarms Last Week
DR. H. K. NEILSON
I weeds and Worsteds
Sizes 34 to 37
Fi rechief Chas. I mi son and his brigade of volunteer fire fighters answered two alarms on Wednesday and Thursday of last week.
The first blaze was on the roof of fa barn at the rear of Mr. Jno J. Caldwell’s residence on King Street. The fire started at the noon hour when workmen who had# been repairing the roof nad gone home for lunch. The blaze was quickly brought under control and damage was slight.
On Thursday morning fire-fighters rushed to the residence of Mr. Selisley Hodgins on Main Street, which was ablaze in the attic, and here the firemen experienced great hardship, some oeing almost overcome by smoke. Art Dagg fell from a roof at the rear of the building and suffered considerably from shock and % bruised back.
In about two horns the blaze was brough under control. The roof of the building was badly damaged by fire and the interior mostly from smoke and the heavy volume of water used.
Four families resided in the building, the owner, Selisley Hodgins, A Fau-bert, Geo. Miller and Mrs. Thomas Kingdom, and the contents of each home was removed without damage.
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat
SPECIALIST
i
K
$17.50
I

UILDI
Miss Graham Honoured at Wyman
? A
OTTAWA,
ONT.
Honouring Misa Thelma Graham, a bride elect of this week, Mrs. F. It. Hutchison entertained at a tea and miscellaneous shower on Saturday afternoon, with about forty guests present.
The guest of honor entered tho room to the strains of the “Bridal Chorus played by Miss Reba Hut-
J_____, Seated in a decorated
chair, best wishes were expressed by Mrs. 8. W. MacKechnie. while little Phyllis Stewart and Donald Campbell made the presentation of gifts. “For she s a jolly good fellow” was heartily sung, and then the bride-to-be expressed her thanks in a few well chosen words.
Mrs. Jas G. Graham and Mrs Wra. Draper presided at tea table, and those assisting in serving
Mrs. S. H. Henderson, Mrs.
PHCNE, 2-7961
Young Men’s Top
Coats
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT - BARRISTER
HULL, QUEBEC Consultations by Appointment
United Church Women’s Association Tender Banqnet to Church Choir
*
Semi-raglan and Fly Front Herringbones and Plain
The Women's Association of the United Church gave a complimentary banquet on Thursday night to the Church Choir with 60 guests present.
After a .very choice sapper, under the convenorship of Mrs. C F. Jacques, a toast list off by Mr. R P. Bade*, as chairman.
The toast to the Church was given by Miss Edith Baras, and responded to by Rev. A. F. Fokes ; to the Choir, by Dr. 8. McDowell ; responded to by the Choir president, Mr. John Stavenow ; to the Women's Association by the Choir leader. Mis» K. Woodley, and responded to by Mrs. D. J. Campbell.
During the evening instrumental
iven by Mrs. Edgar rs. Bland Little.
!
chison.
BEATTIE EYE SERVICE
462 Bronsoa Are., Cor. Gladstone
OTTAWA. ONTARIO
$22.50 up
f

was run
i
SCIENTIFIC BYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists oj all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
T. T. Beattie, Kathleea|M. Rollins,
Hog Optometrist
Boys’ Suits
mmm:
las Mark», Mrs. W. D. Campbell, Mrs. S. VV. MacKechnie, Miss Edith Edey, Misses Reba Hutchison, Shirley Henderson. Rita Camp bell and Lorna MacKechnie.
Musical numbers were given in the social hour following tea.
Reg Optometris
Special assortment of Boys’ Suits Tweeds and Worsteds All made with two longs
Sizes 28 to 54
a’s Institute
Eimside W
Gordon T. Paul INSU RANGE
Mr*, M. R Bailey was the hostess for the April meeting of El inside Women's Institute.
The president, Mrs. Murray, officiated, assisted by the secretary, Mrs. F. Thomas, who lead the minutes of previous meeting.
After the opening routine the roll call was answered by M Breed of fowl you prefer and why.
A butterfly quilt, which is for sale, was on display.
The program for the year was presented by the committee and was considered very interesting.
The secretary read a letter from Mrs. Smallman, also several notes of appreciation from boys over seas who had received smokes.
Mrs. Thomas was requested to send for ditty bags and the buying committee to get yarn
Mrs. Norval Kilgour was chosen A pair ot blankets are to be pur as the delegate to the semi annual chased for a former member who County Convention to be held in lost her home by tire.
May. Mrs. T. Stephens, Mrs. Leo- Mrs. Leslie Dean and Mrs John nard Horner and Mrs. Selisley Doda weie chosen delegates to the Howard were appointed to pre- County Convention in Shaw vile pare the program for the coming A detailed account.of the School y@%r	Fair, prepared by Miss 8. Camp
Quilt blocks were distributed to bell and Mrs. Murray, for Macdonald College Magazine, was read A quilt for the Red Cross and an mlghan were reported finished Conveners subjecte were: “Seed* of friendship" and “Chores for children	-
Tea was served by the hostess assisted by Mrs. McCrAdie and
Mre. M. Stev art.
duets were gv Hodgins and M
i
r
$14.50
Clarendon Women’s Institute
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
Mr. mad Mrs. Andrew Russell Celebrate Sixty-fourth Wedding
Auamrsary
The regular monthly meeting of the Clarendon Women's Institute was held Friday evening. April 14, at the home of Mrs W. H. Barr.
. Mrs Selisley Howard presided, assisted by the secretary, Miss Minerva Corrigan.
After the opening exercises the minutes of the last meeting were read and approved. The sick committee reported a number of visits had been made to the sick and some cards had been sent.
The members were asked to assist at the Blood Donor Clinic to be held in Shawville May 4th and 5th.
i
Men’s Hats
Mr. and Mr*. Andrew Ruaftell,
hive
of Brintol, both of who been life-long residents of the township, celebrated on Friday. April 21 et, the 64th anniversary of their marriage quietly at their home on the Front road.
Congratulations were extended by their children and tftieir many neighboaia and friends in the community. Mr. Russell Is 84 years of
age and his wife 82
It was on April 21st, 1880, that Andrew Russell, eon of Mr, and Mre Dolen Russell and Margaret Stewart, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Stewart, all of Bristol, were married by Rev. Mat
the" H Rent,*,, minister of St
Andrew’s Presbyterian Church at Eimside. The bridesmaid was tfirv Stewart, cousin of the bride, and the beetman was William
. They have six children living present :	John N, and Dalton
Russell, of Bristol :	Milton, of
Ottawa; Mrs. Geo T. Drummond and Mrs. Robt. Wilson, of Bristol, and Mrs. John Robertson, of To-
QUE
New Spring Hats by Morgan Medium and light weights Plenty of shades to choose from
SHAWVILLE
$3.95 and $5.00
Talking Pictures
When Johnny Comes Marching Home
Starring :
Allan Jones, Jane Frazee, Gloria
Jean. Donald 0’Cod nor,
Peggy Ryan

Certified Seed Potatoes 76 lb. bag *3.29
t
the members
An interesting article “Women on toe Home Front" was read by Misa Minerva Corrigan.
The meeting was adjourned after which the hostess reeved dainty refreshment»,
Mre. Wellev Hodgio
Orville McBride.
Shawville Theatre
Friday, Apr. 28th
At 8,30 p. m«
THE W. A. HODGINS STORE
Quebec
at
Shawville
abided by
a Of ft Vr«

onto.

ni
###PAGE###2###
>»

- ' *


g»


%

WHEREZIT!
VOICE
Commentary on Current Events
THE WAR • WEEK
MACDONALDS
1 N R
O F

-?*	Mi
Britain On Eve Of Invasion: Lull On The Italian Front
PRESS



^ "'**«** *

l
e
Settle CM Britain

A sentence in • speech by Flight Lieut. Teeling, in the recent foreign affairs debate in the House of Commons, provokes fruitful reflection; “People do not realize
ûmtiKÊB^ÊÊÊÊÊÊÊIÊÊÊIÊÊÊtl



regulations cover:*# the coastal ai eas of England facing the Continent; of thj severance of telephone connection with Ireland “as part of the general measures to prevent a possible leak of vital information"; of the cancellation of all leave and travel permits, for members of the British armed forces, although this was said to be aimed chiefly at preventing an Easter week-end travel jam.
Domestic Criais
While all these things were heightening .tension in Brtish minds a domestic crisis arose. Strikes in Britain’s coal mines, which have waxed and waned for six weeks while disputes over wages and conditions of work were under consideration spread to new mining areas and broke out in other industries. About 90,000 miners went out in Yorkshire, 20,000 shipyard apprentices in Clydeside and Tyneside struck, about 30,000 shipyard, aircraft and engineering workers were reported out in Belfast. Appeals by Government and labor leaders brought some men back to their jobs and all, signs pointed to a more general return after the Easter week-end.
There was no sign that problems had been solved and the crisis met. As a result the British War Cabinet drafted a new regulation to make the incitement and fomenting of strikes an offense against the state. The powerful Trades Union Congress, . joining Labor Minister Ernest Bevin "in warning against outlaw strikes, said a «nntinuancc . of work stoppages would bring about a major national disaster, imperiling the prosecution of the war and labor’s future.
Italian Lull
On the Italian front last week there was a lu il in the fighting. Artillery was engaging in violent duels—no fun for those where the shells land, but involving only a few people. Planes were in the air now and again, but their activities meant little to the men on the ground. The Germans had tried a sizable thrust at the Anzio beachhead, but 1. had been pushed back. Even patrol activities fell
England last week was so ctowded with invasion forces that Britons*had to change their way of daily life, says the New York Times.
queuing up for now they were queuing buses and tubes, for places in a lunchroom or tea shop. Civilians had to leave for their jobs earlier and get home later. In London the streets were jammed with British, Dominior and troops. "Snowdrops" don nickname for white helmeted American military police — patroling the sidewalks in greater numbers. Londoners could catch a glimpse of a four-starred black limousine rushing General Eisenhower from one conference to another. Someone said: "That car attracts as much attention as royalty used to."

L


v ' M

¦¦I
rmZ
f, ?
CliHadas ŸtzHjdcJvU fînoÂje.
s y
TOO people took the battle of Britain,
» 4
only

They had been used to
rationed foods ;
up for
&

part
which was as important in many ways as Trafalgar and Waterloo."
—London Spectator





#

îti



-
ill

ley was seeded at iyi bushels an acre, the 5-year yield was 36.S bushels; at B# bushels an acre the yield was 35.4 bushels, while the 3-bushel rate of seeding gave 35 bushels an acre. lests also indicate that the heavier grain seeding# have a tendency to reduce the
clover yield the following year.
# # *
This year as last, farmers are asked by the Dominion Department of Agriculture to tie fleeces with paper twine which does not injure the wool. When a farmer ties fleeces with binder or other sisal twine, he has to take a discount of a cent a pound from the market price of clean wool because fragments from sisal often become tangled with the wool and show up light in woven cloth since
sisal does not take the dye.
$ $ $
A fifty-cent subsidy on every pound of packaged bees imported fi om the United States up to June 15 as encouragement to farmers to go into honey production is announced by Wartime Prices and Trade Board. It will also help offset increased costs of U.S. s\cks, it is pointed out by the Board.
OTTAWA REPORTS
%
Fighting Gurkhas As a fighting man none is better than the Gurkha of India. A unit of them underwent a trying ordeal for twelve days on Hangman’s Hill at Cassino, but they returned with their morale unshaken.

100

Ik
That Food Production In Canada Has Increased 160 Percent Over Pre-War Levels
Allied
Map above shows how Japan forces invading India from Burma have cut, north and south oi Iraphal, the Manipur Road main supply route for British forces operating In Jhe Kihaw Valley. Above Imphal, British supply hase for the area, Jap thrust may turn north westward against railroad which connects with Ledo Road and supplies Chinese-Amertcan troops driving southward toward Jap base at Myitkyina.
the l.on-
The Canadian farmer, by his food production efforts is playing a gi eat part in winning the war, and at the same time is helping to lay the foundation for permanent world peace, K. W. Taylor, Wartime Prices ahd Trade Board’s food cO-ordnator, told foods officers at an Ottawa conference recently. With a labor force only 75 percent of the pre-war total, Canadian agriculture has increased food production 150 percent over pre-war levels.
We can’t look for a decent and lasting peace settlement in Europe if negotiations are carried on in an atmosphere of hunger, misery and despair,” said Mr. Taylor. “It is in our interests to see that the people of Europe get at least basic requirements so as to arouse in them hope for the future.’’
Much of the food for Europe at the end of the war will have to be sent from Canada and the United States.
were
cver-
—Hamilton Spectator^
"Dream” Home
A “dream home” is a place to live in where the taxes are low, the insulation thick, the dog friendly, the neighbors generous, the garden pretty, the outlook good, the inlook better.
Invasion Date Set
This is England’s fifth year of war, the third spring which has been filled with invasion talk. Britons are tired and war weary, but this time they know the invasion of Europe is really coming, that ' the date has been set. A merchant marine officer recently returned from England said: “It looks to me as though you could walk from Land’s End to Edinburgh on packing cases, trucks tanks and airplanes.” There is still room, however, for signs of spring to poke through, crocus and daffodils are ¦ in bloom, gardeners find moments to spend on oses ls welt as vegetables.
Diamonds arc found in four dim-tict colours. The absolutely colourless, known as "white,” are the most valuable; next come blue, yellow and brown.
London Free Press
Like The Fron; Line
Here’s how you cau get a pretty fair idea of what the front is like, according to a paragraphes Note ~ how you feel when lightning keeps striking close and multiply by 10,-
BACKACHE?
look out for Trouble With Your KIDNEYS
000
Kitchener Record
No Guns Needed
Land boundary between Canada and the United States is marked by 5,483 monuments — and no guns. European nations, please note.
—Chatham News
II your back aches of it you have disturbed sleep, burning or smarting, look oat lor trouble. This condition to a sure sign that your kidneys ridding your blood of i and wastes. When the kidneys slow up.
*
#
* $ #
i arc not fully poisonous adds
\
Little pigs don't need much iron but they do require more than the sow supplies in her milk Dominion Department of Agriculture advises that one of the simplest ways to provide this necessity is to give each litter a sod or shoveful of earth every two or three days until the pigs are four weeks old. raised indoors need iron if they ate to stay lively and healthy. If they cannot be given garth, then tiny amounts of chemical iron should be fed, but if the latter is used, direction should be followed carefully. Too much is not only wasteful but may be harmful.
% Shipments of food to Greece will bt increased to 31,200 tons monthly in 1944, Prime Minister King announced early this month in the House of Commons, major part of the increase consists of 9,000 tons of wheat a month, a gift by the Argentine Government.
to 15,000 tons monthly sent to Greece since that summer of 1942 as a gift of the Canadian people. The United States will supply through lend lease monthly 4,700 tons of pulse (peas, beans, etc.); 1,000 tons of fish; 300 tons of vegetable stew mix; 3U0 tons spaghetti; 300 tons soup; and 600 tons canned milk.
From Bad To Worse
A contemporary says Germany has lost her reputation. It would be more accurate to say that she has made a had one worse.
—Brantford Expositor
Russian Advances
wastes collect. Backache, diary spells.
The
London's heaunues last week told of the great new Russian advances.
puffy eye* and rheumatic pains may follow.
Your kidneys need help—and there Is a time-tried, proven way to help them known as GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules. These Capsules contain carefully measured quantities of that widely known diuretic called Dutch Drugs Yon will find their action fast and effective.
The
They told, too, of new
BEARING UP
New Diamond Field Developed In Urals
This will be in addition
Sucklings pigs
Be sure you get GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules, its genuine and -Dutch Drops—packed in Canada.
40c package from your druggist.


original
. Get a

During the war iniitcnsivc diamond mining has developed in an . area of the Western Vrais.
Urals' "Diamond Land" was discovered ill 1829, when the first Russian diamond was found in this area.
only 239 diamonds were mined.
After the Revolution the "Diamond Land” was carefully explored and its industrial exploitation begun. The demand for diamonds, which are widely used in the mining, rubber, silk and weaving industries, and above all in tank and aviation construction, has increased greatly during the war.
As a result, new mining districts with small electric power stations, industrial buildings, dwellings and clubs have sprung up in the diamond area of the Urals, w here formerly there was only virgin forest, and even the huts of trappers were few and far between.
8
The

y
i
ki
During an entire century
off.
SCOUTING..
* * *
Experiments conducted at the Dominion Experimental Farms, Napan, N. S., an a medium clay loam soil, (not underdrained), indicate that a direct saving can be made in reducing the average rate of seeding. Over a period of 1$ years, oats seeded at 2 bushels an acre gave a yield of 43# bushels; at 3# bushels the yield was 58 bushels, and at 3# bushels, the yield was 53.7 an acre. When bar-
A lull docs not mean that the frontline soldier is called back to the rear areas, where he is—in or near his foxhole
t .kes more time to eat his K
write a letter, ii lie can find a flat surface, usually audible even if the bursts and the scream of fragments arc
Such luxuries as a chow- line for hot food and a chance' to wash himself and his c "tlies are far from possible, even though the fight has slacken-

mi

9
He stays right
New Zealand now has
registered Boy Scouts.
* $ $
The Chins Up Fund, raised by Canadian Boy Scouts to help their brother Scouts in Britain and in conquered Europe after the war, has just passed the $44,000 mark.*
18,000


He sleeps more, perhaps

He may even try to

tf
Rut shellfire is
l.J
$
*
$
not close.
Eight year old Roger Widdowson, a British Wolf Cub has for year been staging Punch and Judy shows foikhis friends. In that time he has raised nearly $135 which he
has put into War Savings.
?	•	*
A	record	unique	in	Canadian
Scouting was chalked up recently when ten members of the 8th Osh-awa. Sea Scout Troop received their King's Scout Badges at one time. The King’s Scout is the highest rank available to Boy Scouts and was inaugurated at the suggestion
of the late King Edward VII.
$	*	»
Just	before	he	died	at	Edmonton
recently, Dr. Geo. H. Malcomson, former Provincial Commissioner of the Boy Scouts Association in Al-ber.a asked that the Scout Promise be repeated at his funeral. This was done by W. J. Dick, President of the Alberta Boy Scouts Association who was attended by a guard of honour of Boy Scouts.

~ .«l
a##:
: past
rKEEP FIT1

WHEN NERVOUS TROUBLES MAKE ME "SHAKEY"
I FIND DR.MILES NERVINE HELPS TO RELIEVE NERVOUS
TENSION AND CALM
JITTERY FEELINGS A

cd.
Hope For Letters
Within their limited areas of movement the soldiers at such times are apt to go in for slightly longer and talkier "bull sessions”. They gripe about the usual sub-
Like most visitors to Australia, Lt-Col. Mary Agnes Brown, WAC director in the southwest Pacific, is quick to make friends with the Teddy-bear-like # koala. No. 1 pet of the Aussies.
jects, talk a little shop, then swing into talk about sports or things at home.
cigarettes, but they light no fires in the open no matter how cold it gets. Smoke by day or flame by night are too obvious targets. The men at a mortar site get off a few si ells, “just for practice” as they No matter where a man is
"Give yourself e Ilf# I Increase vigor end vlteWy—build redolence le Infedlen»—by feting Vile vex, ell the yeer 'round.
They smoke plenty of
»

NAZI BATTLESHIP CAUGHT BY BOMBERS


VlUV'NS
say.
there is always a hope that ? courier will come up with letters, for the mail follows the infantry into the most incredible places.
Waiting And Waiting Basically, when a unit is in the line a'period like the present brings Ii tie rest in the usual sense. It is
ill!

There’s plenty these days to make people nervous. And overtaxed nerves can turn nights and days into misery! If you suffer in this way, try the soothing, quieting effect of Dr. Miles Nervine which contains well-known nerve sedatives. Take Nervine according to directions for help in general nervousness, sleeplessness, hysterical conditions, nervous fears; also to help headache and irritability due to nervousness. In the meantime, eat more natural ¦I ¦ get your vitamins and take sufficient rest. Effervescing Nervine Tablets are 35c and 75c. Nervine Liquid: 25c and $1.00.
:

-
\
m
Easy Way To Treat Surd, rainhil hies
%

s

Here Is the chance for every person In Canada suffering from wore. Itching, painful piles to try a simple home remedy with the promise of a reliable firm to refund the cost of the treatment If you are not satisfied with the results.
Simply go to any druggist and get a bottle of Hem-Koid and use as directed. Hem-Hold Is an internal treatment, easy and pleasant to use and pleasing results are quickly noticed itching and soreness are relieved, pain subsides and as the treatment Is continued the sore, painful pile tumors heal over leaving the rectal membranes clean and healthy, (let a bottle of Hem -Hold today and see for yourself what an easy, pleasant way this is to rid yourself of your pile misery.
lire
all waiting and more waiting — either for enemy shells or bombs or for word to be relayed along from the company commander . through the platoon leader that something is up that will mean the end of the break. VVliat .the next "something" would be was not clear last week. In recent weeks both sides have tried stiff offensives and both sides have been stopped. Cassino was still in German hands; the small beachhead below Rome. was still in Allied hands with a small gain reported yesterday. The current stalemate was running into its third week and further Allied progress seemed to hinge on new decisions by the High Command.

a

March Sets Record For New Planes


food
# e #



»

Aircraft assembly lines in the United States moved at record speed in March with 9,118 new ’planes, Aircraft Production Chief Charles E. Wilson reported.
Nearly 87 percent, of the 'planes were combat craft—fighters, bombers and transports. The previous monthly record was 8,760 in February.














SAVt MONfy-a

l



I
0


:



y

IVOTKi The spoassr of this

la a reliable firm, delag bawlatwo
The 41,000-ton Nazi battleship Tirpitz is pictured as it lay helpless in Norway’s Alten Fjord while British dive-bombers scored at least 84 hits on her. Caught by surprise, the previously crippled ship was attacked on April 8 by the large* group of aircraft ever concentrated
ciyainot one ship.
by staying at
la Caaada for ever 34 years. If yea
troubled with wore. Itching, palatal pi lew, Hem-Hold mua I help quickly or the email pareb priée will be gladly reloaded.
il
FORD
the “remarkable"
Wilson said March output may represent the 1944 aircraft production peak.
7
HOTELS
Z1 Montreal Toronto

By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS — Heating Problem Solved
r.
TM* MEMBERS’LL.
e*
WOOD,en’ NOTHIN' OOlhl.
IM SAVIN’
. FOIL!V
r IT'S AWFUL COLD IN THIS CLU6-— IS THERE A FIRE. IN TH* 1 L STOVE? J
WELL, ITS NONE TOO WARM—YOU’D
P

and fht
WARM INOUOH here!
SURE!
THEY* A Fine I
SURE?
TAKE A
ORTEA, PUT ON
. I.v.
LORD
ELGIN
MORE WOOD!
? A-
• I
J
i.
z
/
m
A
* /
I
v>

v*
I
Z
Ottawa
m
»




v
JL
I
<
h
¦S(i' I
/
ÏÏ:
• #
r .


i
zjifai
ii


<i
* j.
re

----- _





d


Tm j
i y rooms with rodto
Mh






?
' 194-9
tia ('»• aw

4





'ÛM*




###PAGE###3###
"A Book everyone should reed”—The Montreal Standard.
f
A
HUE Tins TOUR CANADA
¦r
1
£ VICTOR ROSSEAU
DAWN


•r#
H
Mai] to: THE CENTRAL CANADA PUBLISHING CO.,
CHAPTER XXVI
Dave had just warning enough to •wing his head aside. The blast of the powder burned his cheek black from chin to temple. He swung his revolver muzzle in a narrow arc and landed on Curran's face.
Shrieking horribly with anguish, Curran turned and ran.
Curran's course of flight was taking him toward the horses that the attacking party had left standing.
And then of a sudden a shout of triumph burst from Curran's throat, and at the same moment Dave saw the five horses, hunched together.
He fired his last shot, and it went wild. Curran must have heard the click of the hammer on a spent cartridge as Dave pulled trigger again, for he turned and roared curses at his pursuer.
“I'll see yuh again, yuh swine!" he bellowed. "I'll git yuh, Bruce!"
And blindly Curran grasped at the mane of the horse that stood nearest him, and thrust foot into the stirrup.
That was where fate intervened and stacked the cards against him. For that horse was Black Dawn.
ment. Hé just had time to come through with it before cashin* in.
‘That skeleton yul. found in the knowed it since yuh spoke about his leg havin' been broke. Rowland was kicked by a hawss and broke his leg. He always limped after that, on account of its havin’ been badly set.
“Ferris lured Rowland into the hills with a story of gold deposits, and murdered him. Then he cooked up that story abou* Rowland’s havin' forged the check and skipped the country, so as to git the whole rights to the Cross-Bar in his own hands.
“Then he got into difficulties. Either he went to Lonergan, or Lonergan found out. Lonergan had Ferris where he wanted him after that. He got that twenty thousand, and he got a mortgage on the Cross-Bar by means of a fictitious loan that Ferris never received. He bled him steady, till Ferris was des-p’rate.
Rruritis-lnteme Itching
Relieved quickly by Wee Medicinal Ointment
Warm the milk until just lukewarm (110 F.), not hot Test a drop on inside of wrist frequently. Remove from heat and immediately stir in the rennet powder until dissolved— not more than 1 minute.
TABLE TALKS
Z
which are
There are two forms of itching i especially distressing. First prurtia 1 from which only women suffer and second I pruritis ani—itching at the rectum from piles, a wotms or rarsoose Teins.
. .... The causes of both these forms of intense L | itching are often difficult to locate but what


I
Sundaes For Sunday

Pour
at once, while still liquid, into the sherbet glasses and let stand at room temperature, without moving, for about 10 minutes, or until firm. Then place in refrigerator to 6hilL Prepare a chocolate sauce by melting sweet milk chocolate in a double boiler and blending with enough cream to make a thick sauce consistency (about % cup cream to 3 ounces chocolate). Cool, and just before serving, pour a pool of chocolate sauce into the center of each rennet-custard. Then sprinkle crushed peppermint stick candy over the chocolate sauce, and serve immediately. Makes 4 or 6

Sugar may be scarce at your home these days. Perhaps your supply of other “sweets" is hardly worth mentioning. But the family still has a sweet tooth and you hear a constant call for dessert.
Necessity is the mother of invention. Prove your own inventive ability during war days by locating substitutes for many of your old food favorites.
Here’s a dessert that should please. No sugar is needed. The tennel-custard is already sweetened and the crushed » peppermint stick sandy does its bit toward catering to that "sweet tooth ”.
And a dessert of this kind furnishes liberal quantities of milk to those liny tote who refuse to drink milk, yet need this food so
X
\
Then let Dr. Chase's OINTMENT help you for it brings relief almost as quick! applied. Once used it will always be kept at hand for quick use when the need arises. 60 eta. a box. Economy sise Jar S2XXX


y “
a

Dr. Chase's Ointment
*
$
"Then he put Curran in. Curran was wanted for murder in Missouri, and Lonergan knew Curran would do just what he told him. So, when Ferris refused to quit and leave this part of the country, there was nothing to do but put him on the spot, Ferris bein' ready to face a life sentence if he could git back at Lonergan. Curran got Ferris to the cabin, purtendin’ he'd lure Lonergan there and kill him, but he double-crossed him. That's what I got irom Ferris before he died.
“Went back to Lonergan with them facts, and Ferris’ cross under the signature I wrote out in the dark, at the bottom of the gully. Lonergan broke down and told the rest, though he refused to sign a confession. He claimed Curran murdered Mr. Hooker, but it’s s safe bet Lonergan sent him to do it. We can't prove that, but we got enough evidence to send Lonergan up for a stiff term."
Coggswell paused in his story and rolled Dave another cigarette. "Miss Lois is Blane Rowland's daughter,” he said. "Rowland's wife had divorced him, and he’d come West, leavin’ Miss Lois with her mother. He'd never spoke about his wife and daughter, but Lonergan found out when he went through his papers. After that, Lon-ergan's main idea was to keep Miss Lois from gittin’ her share of the rarWh.	<
for a husband instead of just a range waddy. Don't cry any more."
I'm not
,1-1-laughing, Dave,” Lois sobbed.
THE END
Coggswell got up and strode away.
"There goes the whitest man 1 ever knew, Lois,” Dave said. “I can't tell yuh how glad 1 am things have cleared up in this way. Yuh won’t need to be tidin' through the mountains with me now. Why, yore an heiress."
"Yes, Dave," answered wistfully. She kneeled beside him and laid her cheek against his. Is that all that jou have to tell me, Dave?"
"I reckon I told yuh all, Lois. But things have changed now, and
I’m
"I
crying.
a
*
servings.
NOTE:	If peppermint stick
candy is not available (which It probably is rot) a few drops of peppermint flavoring may be added fc. the sauce.	,
With a squeal of fury. Black DtwA whirled and seized the foreman's leg in his strong teeth, crushing it, and dragging Curran shrieking from the saddle. He flung him to the ground, and shrieks of man and horse blended together in a hideous pandemonium as Curran struggled helplessly to escape.
Dave tried to whistle to Black Dawn, but the stars were circling overhead, *nd be collapsed, half conscious, on the ground near the dead man.
The stinging taste of whisky in bis mouth revived him. Dave opened his eyes and saw that it was dawn He was lying where he had fallen, but a blanket had been spread beneath him. He felt a •tab of pain in his left arm, looked at it, and saw that his shirt sleeve had been cut away, and that the wound had been bandaged.
"Dave! Oh, Dave, are you all right?"
It was Lois bending over him, her tears dropping upon his face. Beside her stood Sheriff Coggswell. The horses and Curran's body
Fined For Tossing . Rationed Food
•i.i„
Inch.
%
Chocolate Sundae Rennet-Custard
Lois
I cups milk (not canned)
1 package vanilla rennet powder Chocolate sauce Peppermint stick candy Set out 4 or s sherbet glasses.
Archibald E. Brown lost this battle on points—ration points. He was fined $14 in Wincanton, England, police court after a representative of the Ministry of Food deplored his selection of missiles in s home battle. Brown tossed such rationed items as butter, cheese, lard, bacon and preserves at his wife, and was convicted of wasting food.
Month Of April
A Problem Child
That s the thing abou April; it has tantrums, says the New York Times. It is by turns s backward child among the months and a mischievous youngster with disarming wisdom and consideration. It will bring frost and cold rain and even snow flurries; and it will bring days that belong to late May, warm mornings, hot afternoons and balmy nights. It will get you out in the garden in your shirtsleeve# in the morning and have you shivering before a hearth fire he same evening. It will flatter you off guard, then kick you in the shins.
A part of it is our own impatience to see Spring move in with flowers in her hair. We're weary of waiting. But the greater part of it is simply April being April. We know what's coming, and we'll welcome it, but we still don't like the way that April brings it. April’s a problem child.
T shall never be any different, Dave. I never change. Dave, don't tell me you—you’ve stopped caring?"
"Stopped carin’? Why, I—1—” Dave caught the little figure in his arms and looked into her woeful face. "Now stop that,” he said, ' or yuhll find yuh've got a caveman
t
Since the beginning of the war, 41,000 officers and men of the Royal Navy have been lost — 30 percent of its pre-war strength.
if
4
Snacks
EASY TO MAKE... DELICIOUS TO EAT
were gone.
“I'm all right." Dave mumbled. “Black Dawn? He’s safe?"
“He's safe, Dave." It was the sheriff who answered him.
Dave was getting on his feet.
Black Dawn trampled

...... TTT 7TÏ. TT::
, nnn4T
UVE*WU*ST SPREAD
K pound lirerwur,,
Mù «11
$
#
*
SPREAD
1 «P prepared
«Preed
V*	<*opped
1
to taste
"He got the Hookers to take her from the orphanage where she’d been put after her mother died, and kept her on the mesa, so as to have her under his eye. Well, Hooker had been findin out things, and got to shootin’ off his mouth, so Lonergan sent Curran to the cabin to kill him and put the crime on yuh.
“Way things stand now, Miss Lois is half-owner of the CrossBar, and if Ferris had any heirs, they got to pay up that twenty thousand that was stolen, which means in effect that Miss Lois is the sole owner. And now I told yuh everything, I—I’ll see yuh later, Bruce.”
^Curran
toys
” he began.
“Yeah, he’s dead," said Coggswell. “Set down, if yuh won't lie down.” He rolled a cigarette and handed it to Dave, squatting beside him. "Sims got them Mexican : rounded up and hogtied. I picked up Miss Lois when I was ridin' in. Everything’s jake, boy, and yo re cleared.
him
f
»
An Actual Truth Stranger Than Fake
? Pepper
ingredient, and
sait
warn#
A man in whom I have complete trust once looked me in the eyes and told me he’d seen a snake, when alarmed, open its mouth and allow its six young to crawl down its throat out of sight, and when danger was past, permit them to reappear, Beryl Markham w.^es in Collier’s. Now ... a strange thing about nature fakes is that they arc almost always gone one better by actual truths. The snake-swallowing sanctuary idea becomes a minor . stunt when compared with certain common tropital fish, which look like little perch. If you want to sec sheer magic, tap on the glass of aquarium which holds a mother, father and 100 (count them) tiny young. The moment after an alarm, there will be only two fish visible; every youngster being snugly hidden within the mouth of a parent When danger is over, the whole mob is gently spewed forth, rolling head over tail to form a dense, orderly cloud around and behind their parents.

*
#
"Lonergan talked to a certain point last night, and then he shut up tight. So I went down to examine Ferris’ body in the gully. Ferris was still alive, and anxious to make an ante-mortem state-
CB344W

Christies
Biscuits

1
à
CHURCH PARADE AT WINDSOR CASTLE
V



A slenderizing, feminine frock that’s easy as faiung off a log to make is Pattern 4746, Note how few pattern pieces. What’s more it buttons down the front so that you can slip into it without spoiling your hair-do. A style to wear at the office, at home, or on the street.
Pattern 4746 comes in sizes 12, 14, 16. 18, 30; 30, 82, 34, 36, 38, 40, 48, 44 Size 16 takes 3# yards 35-lech fabric.

CHRISM :"8IOWN ;j*ND $oi^	TORONTO

an



Pve found I can give up dosing!”

f
Tve found a far better way to correct constipation! One that gives me the kind of lasting relief I’ve always wanted, and never got, from harsh pills and purgatives. I've tried eversomany but
It’S KELLOGG'S
allbran regularly for me from now; on.”
Such a happy experience is just «wof thousand:
among people who have tried
KELLOGG'S ALL-BRAN for constipation due to lack of “bulk” in the diet! ALL-BRAN corrects the cause of such trouble, by supplying “bulk-forming" material needed for easy, natural elimination. If this kind of constipation has olagued you, try eating KELLOGG'S ALL-BRAN regularly, or several ALL» bran muffins every day. Drink plenty oi water. See if you don’t nraise its welcome rdiefi Get ALL-BRAN at your rocer si convenient si es. Made by Kell gg’ in London.
Send twenty cents (20c) in coins (stamps cannot be accepted) for ibis pattern to Room 421, 73 Adelaide St. West, Toronto. Write plainly size, name, address, style number.
4
ISSUE 17—1944

•4


5?

à
»,
n.
V
1

P;

I

1

QUICK REUH F
• H
s
COL
COUGHS
BRONCHITIS 7 ASTHMA
.
WHOOPING COUGH CATARRHAL ASTHMA SIMPLE SORE THROAT
4

t

/
/

The Pick of Tobacco
r DON'T DELAY- .	^
W A BOTTIÉ TODAY I
f
For the first time to World War II, Canadian troops held a Church parade recently at the world famous Windsor Castle in England. Photograph shows Canadians marching into St George’s Chapel in the Castle grounds. Windsor Castle ie lbs home” residence of the Kingand Queen
r i


###PAGE###4###
rm.
* ' "S
*
» *.

I
THE EQUXTY
V
Iwi
The Ideal thing to Knookabout in
Shawville, April 27th, 1944
Men's sporty Wind breakers in sharskin cloth, wool knitted collar cuffs and band, in grey, tan, Airforce blue and green
$5.95 and $6.95
Others in two tones $3.95 to $4.95
y
THE SIXTH VICTORY LOAN
nr
#
Current dispatches indicate that there is no doubt our fighting forces very soon will embark on the gieaiest operation in history.
We on the home front likewise will also embark on the biggest financial operation ever undertaken in this Dominion. We have appraised our fighting men and feel secure in the knowledge that they w II positively be victorious. Do we feet confident of the ¦outcome of this campaign Î Yes,— but confidence is only one factor—we must concentrate on a victorious campaign so that our boys, especially those from Pontiac County, will derive inspiration from the knowledge that we have backed them to the limit of our resources.
We sincerely hope Victory Loan salesmen will be received cordially in all sections of the County. Remember in this work he is an official representative of the Dominion of Canada ! You are being offered a privilege, an opportunity to lend money to your country to back tip our fighting men.
An arrangement has been made with the Chartered Banks whereby depositors •will not suffer loss of interest on their balances for the months of March and April because of withdrawals during the a) narterly period to pay for Sixth Victory Loan bonds. Following is a statement showing the tot al deposits of the general public in Canadian Charter t?d Banks at dates juafc' prior to each Victory Loan. It will be noted that the deposits as of February 29th, 194 4» exceed the deposit# before the Fifth Victory Loan and are the largest of any time in Canadian history :
1st Victory Loan, May 31st, 1941, deposits were $2-800,000,000 ;
2nd Victory Loan, Jan. 31st, 1942. $2,937,000.000 ;
3rd Victory Loan, Sept. 30, 1942, $3,275.000.000 ;
4th Victory Loan, Marc h 31st, 1943, l $3,757,000,000 ;
February 29, 194 4, $3,878,000,000.
Deposits stated above are exclusive ot the Dominion and Provincial Governments.
The only reason for not buying bonds is complete and absolute inability to buy. Subscribe immediately and PVT VICTORY FIRST.
I will
BUY%%CT0RY BONDS!
JACKETS
Glamoue cloth and cravenette, a fine showerproof jacket, knitted trim or half belt, in faun and green
rZ
Are You Making a Will ?
ESTABLISHED 1S83
$6.95 and $7.95
• a •
a a
• a
• -
If so. and it is your wish to identify your name with some charitable institution out of a desire to benefit others, you could not do better than remember The Pontiac Community Hospital when making your bequests
COACH
INVALID
1
TROUSERS
GEO. HYNES & SON
Young men’s sporty tweed trousers—just the thing to wear with your sport jacket, grtye, fauns and browns
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
V^Shawville Oue.
$5.95
a a
Tenders Wanted
Phone 80
Tenders will be received by the undersigned president, up to May 1st, 1944, for a Secretary for Clarendon Dairy Company, Stark’s Comers. Lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.
ORVILLE SMART, President
R. R. No. 2, ShawviRe, Que.
Opportunity knocks but once. Let’s not make our Victory Salesman knock twice.

RUPTURE
BUY VICTORY BONDS
WANTED
J. H. ARMSTRONG
Three qualified Protestant Teachers wanted fur South Ojslow Elementary Schools for the school year 1944*45. Salary $9o.OO per month. Apply at once to
sti to
102 Bank Street, Ottawa
Specialist
Will be at Pontiac Hotel, Shawville
FRIDAY, APRIL 28th, 9 p. m. to 10 p. m.
A N L)
SATURDAY, APRIL 29th, 9 a. m. to. 10 p. m.
V/s
JOS. A. STEELE, Secretary.Treasurer K. H. No. 1, Quyon, Que.
NOTICE
Come Early for Private Consultation and Demonstration
Established 1882
To Residents of Shawville
The International Cooperage Co , will deliver stave wood to the residents of Shaw ville. Orders receive» I at the office.
Positive RetfBtici Irrespective of Age, Sise or Ses
All sales rash on delivery.
International Cooper au r C« mpany
of Canada
I
NORTH STÀR
Turnips Can Replace Silage In Herds’ Winter Feeding
Dairymen who have no silos can produce from six to eight tons of turnips per acre to take the place of silage in the winter feeding of their cows, says John A. Arey, extension dairyman. According to Arey, the feeding of 20 to 30 pounds of turnips per head daily will materially increase the milk production of dairy animals.
He recommends that the turnips be seeded early in August on low, fertile land which has received a good coating of manure and 600 to 800 pounds of a complete, high grade fertilizer. The purple top or Pommeranian white globe are two good varieties to plant.
Turnips and other root crops are | liilllllliHiffit slightly laxative and tend to keep the cow's digestive tract in good condition, thereby enabling her to get more out of the other feeds •which she consumes.
The tops of the turnips should be removed in harvesting and the crop stored in a cellar or hilled as with sweet potatoes. Before feeding them, the turnips should be cut into small pieces with a spade to prevent the cows from choking on the whole root. The turnips should be fed aftei milking and not before. If they are fed before milking, a flavor of the turnips will be found in the milk.
SR?*!*
I

In one way or another most increased costs have been absorbed and very few passed on to the consumer/
TN the past, wars have brought X with them a high cost of
• •••
::
living, ending with inflation.
This sapped the strength ot nations and'added poverty and injustice to the other tragedies of war.
Later it has led to falling prices and unemployment.
r
FOR


I
m
¦ «
POULTRY
PICS‘and CATTLE _
Holding the ceiling has been a struggle. But the results have been worth while. From 1914 to 1919 prices rose 60%. From 1939 to 1944 the rise has been only 18%.
«
• • • • we
*
In this war, we Canadians are determined to head off this danger.
me#ae#eme#****»**»»*-"
• ••••••••• JJJJJJJJ
rr
6
4
/
\
# # *
This effort of the Canadian people has been successful enough to be noted in other countries.
*
2
VjLX
We have done much to avoid a repetition of the disastrous price rises of previous wars.
We have paid higher taxes. We have bought Victory Bonds. We have severely limited profits.
$
fj
I
H

Things to Remember About
%
But we must continue to hold the line. We need not let history repeat itself. We can do better.

BABY CHICKS


$
i
We have put a ceiling on prices. And to make it possible to hold thp ceiling, wages and salaries have been controlled.
We can all help
1—	It il«»P8 not pay to tVed a pqor t hick go>ci teed.
2—	It does not pay to
feed a good thick ik>oi*
feed.
#
So when yon buy your chicks, buy the best even if you buy fewer, and fee 1 them the best

Sooth American Industry
Production of textile mills in Sao Paulo, Brazil, in 1942, increased 40 to 50 per cent over the previous year. This was attributed not only to installation of new equipment, but also to fuller use of existing spindles and looms. Brazilian textiles are reported improving steadily in quality, and leaders of the industry themselves as optimistic, particu larly over prospects of exporting cotton yarn. Rayon output in Brazil also has increased substantially.
The situation in Chile is different, due to the fact cotton must be imported. But, following the pattern of
industrialization which the country* fcas experienced in many fields,the mumber of cotton mills grew from 16 in 1986 to 40 in 1940. The textile Industry as a whole, exclusive of jfute, hemp, and similar fibers, employed 14,006 workers in that year. f)f these, 4,420 were employed in (the woolen industry. An estimated 95 per ceirt of its yarn is spun locally <rom Chilean wool. This means that «ftlmost the entire wool clip of the «central and south central zones is --sorbed {weaving m
phing rayon industry.
By cuffing down unnecessary
and buying Victory
Bondi instead
ki
By not hoarding or buying in
black marient*.
By not taking advantaga of

express
NORTH STAR CHICK STARTER
X
higher reefs or higher profits.
«
It ii a good foo l and you will be .mi pn.-ed #t the rapid
growth an I hrulthy condition of yi ur cVt k .	*
i
A*
e
x
4
i U >
TA
s
Phone yovr older now to insure delivery
of
X . "
/

of
à
I
of

I
j
OTTAWA VALLEY GRAIN PRODUCTS

lohr.)

3

J?
by Chilean spinning and dlls. Chile also has a flour-

• I
» •

RENFREW ONT
L
>
v«
















mi

###PAGE###5###

a*
T»'

* ¦>
rgt Desirable Property B For Sale
Look Here
FOR SALE—One I9Î8 Durant ledm with gn*d tires ; one 1938 Durant, •uit-eble for wrecking ; two-wheel trailer. Apply to C* ha a Stkwart, R I, Shaw-fille. Phone 10 - SO.
For Sale, Want*, Found,
Lost, etc:
A
Stuart Footwear Styles
for
#
Spring and Summer
; St, Paul’s Anglican Church^Rectory, located in the Village of 8baw?ille, coneia.iog of large dwelling bouee, stable and a|.|»n ximately sereo agréa of land for particulars. Apply to Selling Con, mitfee—
1

\
FOR SALE— Two service age Hoi-
'El. têH—
FOR SALE — A few grade Bacon
[HICKS
1/
Thos Eades, Morlakd Hoooins»
and J. L Hodoihb
FOR SALE
Frost Si Word Hay Loader, in good repair. Apply to Vincent Kilboy, Wyman. Phone 15 - 30, (juyon
FOR SALE — Five-year-old LuVf. Hereford», Durham, Angus (polled) Apply at Howard# Farm, Portage du Fort. —-----------—-.. *-------—_____
FOR SALE—Certified Seed Potatoes* Apply to Jito. R. McDowell, Shaw* ville, Pbooe 11-12.
John McCredie
Maryland, Que.
» —
FARM FOR SALE
For sale
Massey Harris 108 Junior Tractor on steel wheels. Apply to Roland Elliott, Campbell's Bay.
Over fifty different styles of Oxfords, Rumps and Cores now in stock
Good 100 acre farm in South Onslow, one and half miles from Station ; three rapes from town; half mile from School; well built. Reasonably priced. For further particulars apply to
BASIL STANTON,
Quyoo, Que.
FOR SALE—3,000 good bard clay brick. Apply to Kenneth Hodoins, R. 1, Shswville. Phone 18 • 13.
FOR SALE—A quantity of Cartier oate , one gasolene (I. H.) 2* h. p. engine ; one farm waggon ; one black Percheron gelding, 5 yrs old ; one brown Belgian, 10 years old. Apply to Cuff, in McLaencn, R. 3, 8h.tw ville
X\\ \ \ \\ X\ W\ SN WWW
Wilson’s Oarage
WANTED— Farmers having mares for sale got in touch with Gordon Richardson, Radford. We are prepared to buv all safe in foal mares, when four months bred. Highest market prices paid. Gilbert E. Arnold, per Thos McNeeley.
Tip Same Sellable Service
Growing Girls’ School Oxfords
A large variety in black, rust and brown,
Sizes from 3 to 8......... $2.25 to $2.50
#
FARM FOR SALE
FOR BALE—-One hoe drill in	* * i
condition ; steele tire buggy with two grade Durham bulls, 2 and 2 y Y Apply to Robert Rowell
Bristol. Phone ?3 - 2.
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
top ; ?•nr»
Two hundred acre farm in the Township of Booth Onslow, well improved ; lots of water ( 165 acres under cultivation ; good buildings ; four miles from Quyon village. For further particulars apply to
Phone 19 ? 31
old.
FOR SALE — Rubber tire buggy ; waggon and hay tedder. Apply to M. R. McGuire, R. 2, Shawville. Phone 20 • 31.
Modern Age Footwear
Smart pump styles in kid, suede and crushed
J ..................... $3.25 to $3.75
Ford Service
FOR SALE—One 4 year-old gelding, 1450 lbs ; dark bay , Spring	cut
tivalor, 13 teeth ; one farm waggon. Apply to Joe Duma*, Mary'and, Que. Phone, 5.43.
kid
CLIFFORD HOBBS,
Qujron, Que.
Shell Sealed Cas â Oil,
J, Po Wilson
Main Street
Shawville Quebec
FOR SALE
Fifty acres ef farm land in the Township of Clarendon, with
,-ff For further to Jno A. Hobbs, Phone 17 - 23.
fairly good building», particulars apply R. 3, Shawville.
NOTICE
Width Oomfort Shoes
Greater comfort for busy feet. Dr. Ripples’ arch support, oxfords and gores
FOR SALE—Gilaon “Metal Mother*
Apply to Clifford
Phone 36.
Chick Brooder. Con k. Shaw ville.
Income Tax Returns made for Farmers, * Businessmen and Individuals. Rates reasonable. All work done by appointment.
FOR SALE
A number of Short-born heifer calves ; some year, two and three year olds Apply to Russell Mer. R. 1, Sbaw-ville. Phone 13-14.	;
$3.50
40
• ••••••St
• S
I • I *
FOR SALE—A quantity uf ben* hay near VVynuri. Apply to H.-E MlTcHSM, Hod gins, or Chas. Myir*. Wyman.
all well-bred stock

FRED HENDERSON
Campbells Bay, Que.
Dr. Gills’ Health Shoe
Special Arch Filler Just the thing for tired, aching feet
$2.98
*
Phone 33
i t
#
ad onesses on me Move
Boys’ School Oxfords
Heavy, sturdy quality
$2.65 to $3.25
0 0 0
\



flfl
\


mm




Youths School Oxfords
Strong black calf oxfords
$2.35 to $2.50
9
\
¦ V

»*
—: '«•* ? —
?

m

i
O

Boys’ High Top Boots
b*ci
j

•L
too
Ten inch tops
$3.98

f
1

J
i
Palmer - McLellan
Men’s oxfords and boots
PRIORITY ljgpi!



Sisman’s
Twelve inch top bluchers Black grain blucher Black Elk blucher
i

HEN a man is wounded in action or seriously ill, he is rushed through field and base hospitals with all possible speed, to the place where most effective treatment can be given. Because of this rapid movement, his mail may not "catch up" for some time, yet, if ever he longed for a letter from home, it is at such a time.
To offset possible delays, a new "Short-Cut" mail service has been put into effect A Priority Casualty Card is filled in and rushed by Air Mail to his friends or relatives with instructions to add the words "In Hospital" to the unit address they usually use.
w
à
lî
*
m m
w:
SPECIAL
Now in stock sliding couch covers
handsome patterns
$7.95
»

I



Letters mailed from Canada bearing the words "In Hospital" are routed direct to the records office in the United Kingdom or the Central Mediterranean Force, as the case may be. They are given preference in transport, whether sent by Air Mail or regular mail. Thus they will reach the addressee faster than ever before.
•* <
!


#
See the difference “ PURINA ” makes
It is inevitable that in tracing jnen who have been moved, or wounded, some delays occur. But you can rest assured everything that can mean speedier deliveries of letters to your men is being well and thoroughly done— and will be done.
When you get a Priority Casualty Card be sure the words "In Hospital” are added to the regular unit address when writing overseas.
In Feed as in anything else you buy its the quality that counts in the end,
.Having started your chicks the profitable way —on PURINA START EN A — be sure to follow through on Chick Growena until your
This wgr in-


pullets are laying 25 per cent, sure big full grown hens which lay top-priced

eggs.
If you raise Turkeys feed Turkey Startenaand Growena. Backed by years of experience and reeearch these feeds are all proven at the Purina Experimental Farm bef« re they are offered to you. So to be siue of paying results, always feed out of Checkerboard Bag.
!
/' * *'v


«°
1

Ci

1
i I

1

• •
\
;

ST OFFICE


i
The Mill will be open Saturday nights
until further notice


»
POSTMASTIR GENERAL
NON. W. t. MU LOCK, K.C., M.P
•#
!
ft t


»

SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
4

i


###PAGE###6###
J
*
Los. Of Oil Well. BWon’l Stop Huns
WHAT SCIENCE
DREAM COME TRUE
PREVIEW OF INVASION
How Can 17 7

Bjr Am Ashley
;
x	'
v •>

• ^

V
/ *
The Red Arjny'ft advance# Imperil about 40 percent of Germany's petroleum supply—about 6,000,000 tons annually—in Ploesti, Poland and Estonia, but even if the Germans lose it, the Petroleum Press Bureau said last night, "it would be unwise to look for paralysis of the German war effort."
It was explained that while the German army strategy "would obviously be severely hampered," the Germans woud be defending less territory in shorter lines of communication and thus w jld not need as much oil as before.
The bureau added that continued bombing of German synthetic oil plants was necessary because of widespread.use of such fuels by the Nasi army and air force.
m
Q.How cm I remove scorched •pots from clothing?
A Rub with a white cloth moistened with peroxide. Do not use en colored garments as It will remove the color.
Q How can I save celery so that it can be used later for flavoring?
A After washing and drying celery tops place them in the oven until thoroughly dried. Store the leaves in air-tight glasses and use them for flavoring. Some persons prefer them to celery seed,
Q. How can I mend granite utensils?
A Press some putty into the holes in granite utensils end bake until brown in a hot oven. This is an effective method.
Q How can I remove the odor of gasoline from clothing?
A Hang the garment outdoors for several hours, then bring it into the house and hang where the sir is warm.
Q How can I test the quality of coffee?
A Pour about a tablespoon of ground coffee into a cup of cold water. If the coffee floats and colors the water very slowly, it i# pure. If any of the coffee sinks to the bottom, or stains the water quickly, there is some adulterant present.
k# cl
Birth Of Earth
m

if.



Granting that the earth warn tern out of the sun by a passing star In the form of & huge mass of gas, what was its early history? asks The New York Times. Dr. Perky G. Nutting presents this vivid picture.
I. isgine a huge ball of dense gas with a temperature of about 1,000 degrees G The outer layers
During the cooling process the gaseous earth is violently agitated, so that some elements combine to form liquids which alternately rise and then fall back in the form of rain. •
After the temperature of the earth drops a thousand degrees the first liquid core forms—-a core of iron and iron alloy liquid surface the atmospheric pressure is about thirty-two pounds to the square inch, or more than twice what it is now.
8

#9
m*




i




&

* ¦¦
»

me#
4 *
4-a

jft


m*

1
,ip?

cool first.



*


#
%
«4
S
. •

*
%
snow-storms of these silicates. • How does life begin? Dr. Nutting does not know. But he believes that it originates in the polar regions.

At the
$


Dream of all boyhood came true
ter when he got
with elephants
* * »
for this So make
of the Ringling Bros., Bamum & Bailey Circus when it arrived in
lastly patting the trunk of one of the big fellows.



youngs
friends
REWARD



The first solids appear at a temperature of 3.000 to 8,500 degrees C, and they probably float on the liquid sphere. Deeper down are heavy vapors of metal and of a few stable compounds of high density. All these vapors condense at higher levels, rain down and vaporize over and over again. At Intermediate and higher levels water vapor (as much as 1.85 tons to the square inch) condenses and pounds down in the form of rain but never reaches the surface. At the outer limits of the pfanet there are free gases, very cold.


v
*
». 4




There is un urgent need for care to transport war worker* to and from work. If you know of anyone who has a car for which he ham no essential use. •end us hie or her name, address, make und year of ear and any other Information available.
ml


S.
He's pictured leer-

Britain Needs More Volunteer Drivers
#
Am indication of what skits over Europe will look tike when the Altiee laemde Hitler’s continental fortress is given in the spectacular photo shove, showing massed descent by U. 8. paratroopers in England, put on 1er Prime Minister Winston Churchill and Gen. Dwight D. Eisenhower,
We Will Pay Up To $50.00 Reward
Your Watch Does
17 Miles Per Day
Thousands of volunteer truck
, will be
supreme Allied Commander.
far laferwetlea which results I*
drivers, including needed this spring and summer to help in the invasion of the continent, said the London "Daily Mail" recently.	• .
Women drivers will be required to drive medium-sized trucks so that men can be upgraded to heavy long-distance trucks. Voluntary drivers will take the strain off the over worked British railways.
the purchase ef a ear.
Modern Etiquette
A Sailor's Letter
From British Isles
Oar rrpreeeatatlve will pay yea
tap cash priera.
Most modern watches tick five times every second, which is equivalent to 18,000 timi: every hour. The average size of a balance wheel is a little more than half an inch, so that in one hour it will travel 43,812 inches. At the end of the day it will have done nearly seventeen miles.
*
Dp Not Delay. Urgent!
By Roberta Lee
When the earth cools down to 1,560 or1.800 degrees C, silica and sili silicates form. They cover the core of the earth to a depth of miles and miles and supplant all but a few metallic
In fact, there are vast
SHULLY’S
1 If someone is relating something that is very disagreeable, what should one do?
8 Would it be all right for a mother to give the bride away if the bride has no father?
3	How should a man introduce his wife to a woman who is much older?
4	Is it correct to have the date an invitation to he engraved as
Wednesday. March 29?
5	Is it proper to say to a woman "Here is a man I want to introduce you to"?
. 6 Is is all right for a person to leave his napkin in his chair when he leaves the dinner tabic?
Answers
1 Do not let it upset you. but change the subject as soon as possible. Forget it and do not repeat it as only those things which arc pleasant are worth remembering and repeating. ? Yes. if she wishes 3 "Mrs. Smith. I would like you to know my wife." 4 No; the date should he spelled out. Wednesday. March twenty-ninth. 5 No. The man should always be presented to the woman. Say, "Here is a man I want to introduce to you.” 6 No; the napkin should he left on the table.
The following extracts from a ¦aval officer’s letter home arc well worth passing on:
"Although this is the first time since June of 1942 I have been in the British Isles, the contrast between then and now is quite apparent. The people are just two years more tired..--dreadfully tired; tired of blackouts, of rationing, #f queuing up, of war generally, hut there is no sign of any less determination of seeing this thing through. When I w as here last the first big raid had just gone over Cologne, and its effect was like a Ionic to all England, since then the mighty raids have continued with such regularity and dulling monotony that the original effect of the tonic has worn thin, and its place has been taken by that old feeling of dog-tiredness. I should think that the actual invasion will come like a Spring tonic to a too-long Winter-suffering people. I hope so."
SIM Yonge St. Toronto
MAyfiir 3144
vapors.
FOR SALK
MKDltAL
BABY CHICKS
II All V CHICKS
DIRTY EGOS
EGO BRUSHES
made clean with a few stroke». Brushes, 50c. Refills, 7Hc, postpaid. Special prices to Egg Stations. A. L» Reichmuth, March-well. Saskatchewan.
FRUIT JUICES: THE PRINCIPAL ingredients In Dixon's Remedy for Rheumatic Pains, Neuritis. Bold only Munro's Drug Store, 116 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
TWKDDIJS CHICKS HAVE AL-waya given a good account of themselves, but this year more than ever we are receiving glowing reporta about the livability of Tweddle chicks. When chicks live well you can depend on It that they are vigorous and will develop Into good layers and good
K. Hossfteld, HR. purchased 500 White pullets March 7th hae ham purchased 500 more for May. Buy Tweddle Chicks for livability and vigor. We can give prompt delivery on day old and starters, two and three weeks of age, In non-sexed pullet or cockerels In all popular breeds. Also eight week old pullets and older. Free Catalogue. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus, Ontario.
SPECIAL PRICES FOR Jl NE
AND JULY
Barred Rock Mixed New Hampshire Mixed White I^eghorn Mixed Barred Rock Pullets White Leghorn Pullets Don t delay. $1.00 books your order. Carletea Hatchery, Brltaaala Height», Oatarle.
10c
##$####
on
lie
see#
10c
• see
17c
*»####
BAUMEEKA FOOT BALM destroys offensive odor instantly, 46c
ici m a in
20c
• • • •
&
DeWALT SAWS AND WOODWORKing Machines. Newest types available from direct factory representatives for Canada. Quotations gladly furnished on application.
• DeWalt Dlmher Corporation Ltd.. 402 West Pender SU Vancouver, B.C.
bottle. Ottawa agent Drue Mtoire. Ottawa
meat birds. Walkerton Leghorn still 500,
BABY CHICKS, $13.00 PER 100. After May 1. $11.00. Thrasher's Hatchery, Harrow. Ontario.
OFFER TO INVENTORS
However,
V
r
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full fnfor-matlon sent free. The Ramsay Co., Registered Patent Attorneys, 173 Bank Street. Ottawa, Canada.
RIVERSIDE GOVERNMENT Approved Ha by Chicks from large type bloodtested Breeders, nothing but 24 oz. Egg* and over are set, assures you big vigorous, fast Rocks,
Sussex*. Write for folder, Riverside Poultry Farm. Hickson. Ont.
GRINDER—Greey. fifteen Inch, double action, babbit bearings, workable condition. Pulleys, shafting, hangers, belting elevators. Cheap.
BELT—Fifty-eight ft. two piece, extr.x heavy 8". Twenty Dollars.
BLACKSMITH’S WHEEL PLATE— Eight dollars.
JARDINE TIRE VP8BTTER— Twelve dollars.
Equipment In Orono. Contact Rowland Smith, 1C Wroxeter Ave.. Toronto.
PHOTO GRAPH*
maturing Chicks. Barred While Leghorns. Light
MAIL YOUR FILMS
PULLETS AND CAPONS FROM Muy and June hatched chicks. Our New Hampshire Light Sussex hybrida * make excellent layers and choicest of meat birds. Weber's Poultry Farm and Hatchery. Route 2. Kitchener, Ont.
TO IMPERIAL FUR QUALITY, service and satisfaction. 4 or h exposure films 26c; reprints 8 for 26c. Imperial Photo Service, Station J. Toronto.
PLAY SAFE NEIGHBOURS. BUY
Chicks
approved
Government bred to lay and bred for quality, leghorns A Barred Rocks are our specialties. Write now for price list, our orders are limited. Waterloo Chick Hatchery. Waterloo. Out.
Bagpipes, Too?
SPECIAL PRICES
OX CULUKEU A.\ U I'KAMED
ACT QUICKLY IF YOU WANT some of these good Tweddle two and three week old started chicks In non-sexed, pullets or cockerels. Special reduced prices while they last. Also day old and pullet» 8 week» of age and older. Write Immediately for catalogue. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus. Ontario.
ESSEX KENT GUERNSEY Association offers Heifers, Bulls. ILO.P. Breeding. Write A_ Kendrick, Essex.
The Red Cross and St. John societies have announced the shipment of 14,000 musical instruments to British prisoners of war. incertain of their category, it was added that bagpipes were included in this total.
QUALITY CHICKS. ALL OUR breeders .«elected and blood-tested. only large eggs set. Barred Rock* New Hampshire*. Light Sussex. While leghorns. Hybrids. Hampshire X Barred Rocks. Sussex X Hampshire. Also hatching eggs. Immediate delivery. Write for prices. Paul W. Dobrlndt & Sons. Route 3. Smlthvllle. Ont.
ENLARGEMENTS
Quality Enlargements 4x8" in Beau-tiiui easel mounts, 3 for 26c. Fl amed In Gold. Sliver, Circassian
or Black Ebony finish
III’*. 6 63c
As if
FOR SALE, COUNTRY STORE AND service station, complete equipment and stock. Good location. Pike Road. Busy Bee Corner. Raymond Desllppe, Amherstburg, Ont., R.R. L
8LJP1T HARNESS DRESSING — Finest leather and harness preservative. Sliplt also has many houcshold uat-s 25c up at most e grocery, hardware and chain store*. A product of Lloyd» Laboratories. Toronto.
Before the letters SOS were dopted generally as a distress signal at sea, the letters CDU were used.
Walnut
frame», on ivory mat» each. It coloured 78c each.
ANY SIZE ROLL
4 or 8 exposure»
DEVELOPED A SU rKiaTED 25c
Get piuiupl mail service on quality work at low cost. Satisfied customer» all over Canada will tell you that Star Snapshot Service does the best work.
CHICKS FROM A BREEDING FARM OF 5000 LAYERS
O R. S BARRED ROCK CHICKS from Pullorum-free. government approved breeders. Send for price list. Hune» Poultry Farm. Jerscy-vllle. Ont.
*TOJO’ IN HAWAII
DUE TO HIGHER EGG PRO-ductlon and hatchabitljty. l-uke-vlew offer* you limited number of day-old chicks, cockerel* and pullet* for Immediate delivery, also limited number of started chicks 1, 2. 3. and 4 week*" old and a few lota up to G and 8 week* old. Act now and don't be disappointed. No started chick* available later on. Large Type White leghorns. Sussex. Sussex X New Hamp.. Sussex X ! Leghorn, and Rock X Leghorn. Book your order for May and June chick* NOW. Only limited number left for May delivery. Send yeur order to Lakeview poultry Farm. Weln Bros., Exeter, Ont.
RHEUMATIC
Pains!
sa
WASH THEM AWAY!
Does Your Body Ache?
CHIRKS—IMMEDIATE SHIPMENT, also started ehick*. and Leghorn pullets. Hookings for May and later delivery heavy so we Advise ordering what you nerd— now. Hr m y Hatchery. 130 John N., Hamilton. Ont.

DONT TAKE RISKS WITH YOUR FILMS
Snapshot* call iievvi Ue taken again. Send your rolls lu Canada* largest and 11Hu*t finishing studio—
ALADDIN HOMES. $ 1,300-17,500. Pay like rent. Send 23c. for 32-page book, Howard St., Remington Park, Windsor, Ont.


Here * quick relief from mlwernbie eeurltle, malic, arthritic nud lam-


ELECTRIC MOTORS. NEW. USED,
•old. rebuilt; belts.
Allen Electric
STAR SNAPSHOT SERVICE
bought.
pulleys, brushes.	.
Company Ltd., 2326 Dufferln SL,
Toronto.

baee paie»— Uriah water abundantly aaU
BUY PAYWELL CHICKS
Box 129. Pu» laâ l*wâ minai A. for onto Print luur Nam* and Addle»-» Plainly on All Order*.
•B'WEIiL” herbal remedy a* aa latcreal eleaaser. Ae
IN MAY AND JUNE. THE QUICK growth and early maturity of Pay well Chick* will assure you of plenty of Fall egg*. White leghorn*. Barred Rock#. New Hampshire* and Hybrid* available. Lockerby i^a Poultry Farm. Box 20, Lorne Park. Ont.

FREE — COLORED NURSERY Catalogue. Full Una of Fiuit Trees; Evergreens; Flowenng Shrubs; Perennial»; Shade Trees; R oses; Brookdule-Klngswny Nurseries. UowmHnvIlle, Ontario.
meld* are wshsbedl away—
# si 11 a i *»
t go! Hellcf may
Pal a m
be fe
Take Reive regularly be fere
1
rlgbl at the etart.
y'e -B'WKLL"
DYKING A CLEANING
II
FETHEltdTO.NHAUGH & COMPANY Paient Solicitors. Established I89u, it King West, Toronto Booklet of Information on request	0	___________
\
m
retiring
HAVE YOU ANYTHING N EE DP dyeing or cleaning? Write to us for informalion We ere glad to answer your question*. Department H. Parker*» Dye Work* Limited. 731 Vonge St i eel. Toronto
Hit
m
! Sold et

lag feeling fl
• •> w

INDIVIDUALLY R.O.P. SIRED Rock*. Leghorn X Rock. Sussex Ijcghoril, Red*. 10% discount on Fall Chick order* now. Hatching Egg*.
Farm. Lucan Ont.
all drwgglate ar R. L. *11 a I venvy '* Re medic» Ltd- Dept. A, 211 <>*»lag-
WANTED

tea A ve.. Tarent* X Oat.
SEEDS
“i IN YOUR DISTRICT one to take orders for day
WANTED some
Old chicks in spare time for a large Canadian Government Approved Chick Hatchery. No investment required. Liberal Com mission paid. Write for full details. Uox No. 13U. 73 Adelaide W . Toronto.

Brunner's Poultry
WE ARE GROWERS AND MARKeters of the tutnoua Truck Load Ear Brknd seed corn. Order early and save money.
Grain & Seed Company,
River, Ont.
11 AIR DRESSING
Headac
t •* »
AMBITIOUS GIRLS and MIDDLE AGE
STARTED CHICKS, SUSSEX,
. Etc.
Belle River Belle
women, learn hairdressing at Canada'* finest and largest schools. Refined, dignified work. Splendid pay. Write or call for free literature. Marvel Hairdressing Schools, 8 Bloor Street, Toronto. Branche» King Street. Hamilton, and 74 Rideau Street, Ottawa.
FROM 1 WEEK OLD TO 2 MONTHS old. Several thousand available now Thla la not a sideline. Theae chick* are raised under Ideal condition* from day-old to 10 day* In battery brooder» In a large motet basement room and transferred to a spacious 70’ x 40’ building under electric brooders. Order Now (ss started chicks and pullets won't be available a little later on) and buy from a real Poultry Breeding Farm of 6000 Breeders on ONE Plant Lakeview Poultry Farm, Weln Bros., Exeter. Ontario.
Noth mg is more depres- J sing than headaches... /
Why suffer?.,.Umbly's V. will give instant relief.
Lamb! v'sis good for earache, toothache, pains in beck, stomach, bowels. 7&ud'
WHITE SWEET CLOVER, SHOO bushel. Yellow, $7.0U. One purity timothy, $6.00. Alsike, *15.uo. Above Grade two. Mammoth red), 816.60 bushel. Early $15.50. Timothy 441%, Alsike 30%. • Red 30%, $17.00 per 100 pound*. Timothy-Alelke (35% Alsike), $14.00. Above Grade three, slightly discolored but good germination, bags 40c. Express prepaid.
J. E. Muir, Ceylon, Ontario.
ft*:
TEACHERS WANTED. PROTESTant. for school term 1944-45, with elementary or intermediate diploma*; salary $800 to $900 per Mchvol term. Send applications to School Board of Ay 1 win. No. 1; Leigh McConnell, Hec.-Trea»., Kazubasuu, Que., stating qualifications and experience.
(late
Red.
%
HAIRUHEWING. I HE
Information
gaming cleesee i rdreosi ng Acad-d. Toronto
Robertson method on request re Robertson’s He •my. 117 Avenue H


¦Be™
no ¦; fears lot "Toko," tiny mascot pup of this U. S. Marine, standing in line for
wing ddberkation it Pearl Harbour from a Navy
AM B
WANTED FUR CASH. WASTE lands, cut over lands, on lake, river or highway. Stale lot and
numbers. townab»p
FUR *\I.K
W I U 8, .TOUPE& TUAXSFORM-etlons. Switches. Curls end all types of finest quality Hair Goods. Write for Illustrated catalogue. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co., 621 Bathurst Street. Toronto.
conce«*ioo and all detail» of Interest lo first letter with lowest cash price P.O. Uox 43. Postal Station K. Toronto.
75 acres FARM and stock for sale. Apply to Mr*. U. H. Graham, BUt. I, Mono Road, Ont.
folio
PROFIT COMER FROM AIMING AT perfection. That's as true In the chicken business as sny other. The less you leave to chance the ore successful you’ll be. If you buy the best chicks you can get for the money and give them your best care and the most suitable feed you can find—then you'll be lessening every risk and Improving every chance for a successful season. There le a wide variety of breed* for you to choose .from. Government Approved blood tested breeders. Day-old, non-sexed. pullets or cockerels. Also started chick* two *ml three eeke old and older pullets eight eeks and older. Send for catalogue and pricelist. Top Notch Chlckeries, Guelph, Ontario, g _


1
à
FARM, 100 ACRES, 4 MILES FROM • Aylmer, Que., 9 miles from Ottawa, SO acre# cultivated, balance pasture and wood lot, suitable dairying gardening. Taxes 8 mills. Reasonable. Fred Ferris & Sons, Aylmer, Que.
y
HEALTHY PUPPIES ALL BREEDS also Persian Kittens. Canaries, Parrots. Pigeons, Ran tame, other pets. Quote lowest price to Heeds & Birds Co„ 1230 W. St. Catherine. Montreal.
• •
l
MKDIC A I,

DEAF
THE NEW STREAMLINED COM-
la the
It Really 1» Not
The Bear # Fault
o



pact Potter* Telephone smallest hearing aid available. It !s clear, powerful, makes co versatlon easy anywhere and le most reasonably priced. Try IL Write Potter Earphone Company, 129 W longe Ht., Toronto. Established for better hearing fur a quarter of a century.
b*

FEATHERS. FEATHER REDS OF
., highest I» rices tlcular* write to
28 Bald-
all descriptions; paid. For par Queen City Feather <* win St.. Toronto.
FIVE HUNDRED ACRES. BRICK house, three barns, t achine house, good roofs and fences.
hersesr Herbert
Smith's Falls, Ont.
The black bear is one of the most phyfu! and humorous of all animals, but he is still a bear. He does sot seek man’s company in the first slace, snd, when it is thrust upon lim, he is likely to abuse it If he • pampered he expects more pampering. If he is given half i pie le will take the other half, if k is within the reach of his powerful Then there are com H| that lie has be
Ml
1 »
fifty-two cattle. nine Rural .mail, telephone. Campbell, Route No. 5.
¦if fee seffer MMTMYB
rami
EXPERIENCED TRACTOR MAN for Fruit Farm, single. Also experienced man for Pruning Fruit Tree*, refcrei s requir'd Fruit Farme. St am mnl Ontario.
Coates
ENGLISH SETTERS REGISTER-x ed. Sportsman's Improved Close Working Strain, yearlings, trained gun doge. pups, worked weekly; Pheasants, Hungarians. Twenty-five to One Hundred C. V. Ellis, Iroquois, Out.
WANTED. EVERT SUFFERER OF Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis to try Dixon's Remedy. Munro'e
185 Elgin. Ottawa.
< 'entre
LAKEVIEW OFFERS YOU

I and tired, nervous feeX-ue to female functional dte-ahotild try Lydia E
i ’I un, SKBry #
Postpaid t l#c.
I HAVE CLIENTS IN WINDSOR and Det voit in t «nested In purchasing farms. If you have for sale please give me fuit| tlvulare mm to price, terms, location. buildings water, fencing. I-mount of m
BROAD BREASTED SUSSEX cockerels If you want a real heavy breed cockerel. Hybrids or New H*.mp*. If you want something In a fast maturing bird for broiler or up to £ lb dressed roaster. Several thousand available for cdlafc d< livery If 9ÉHH klv Lakeview Poultry K#et#*, Oat arte
I>ol lar
STOMACH AND THREAD WiiRMS often are the cause of ill-health
No one *m
I	hiM unr«
r.
NEWLY RECONDITIONED BOOTS of r arm* forces In perf condition. Special $8.25 deliver* y----- bo ©it
I» humane ell age#
mu ne! Why not find I# your trouble* ticular#— Frr f Remedies.
OeTTI
hints
n
i u
urnlMÉutiurs SSSSl
if
«1
• , «

*
and
ce
v
T
State
I n r <•>

»ey>
ran tot
Write M
h list#
L \
act

I mm
lly is not his
\nd it
14

l

Tor
eei
• »
Il i
L
¦PI
IK
Ont,
A <'<
Peterborough, Ont
i
###PAGE###7###
L	,

h-
IN DOGHOUSE
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
| RADIO REPORTER
CHRONICLES of GINGER FARM
*r
•y
AL LSARY
Gwendoline . P. Clarke
I see by the Americai. Radio Trade Papers Alan Young star of the Buckingham programme has a New York contract and he is going to be head of two American Network programmes this summer, taking Eddie Cantor's place on Time To Smile" and becoming head man at Duffy's Tavern where the “Elite Meet To Eat". Alan came out of the Canadian west to Toronto and made a big hit as a comedia
columnist in his own rights, and we submit a few short extractions.
"ME"
By Alan Young ,
It’s going to he a real thrill tor to have this column appear because it's so seldom I ever manage to get any of my .stuff printed. Outside of this column the only thing I ever had in a newspaper was my lunch. I always had to scrape the mayonnaise off so my dad could read it. One day I left the mayonnaise on and he ate it. But s<r much for newspapers, back to my livelihood, radio, love radio and why shouldn't I. Where else could I make so much for so little, besides it's the only way I can reach millions ot people and
examination for the navy. As soon as people saw that I was going
to join up, they atarted buying Japanese war bonds. However, I didn't pass. The medical officer took one look at me and said, "Well, I've heard of men joining the navy and women joining the
but this is RIDICU-
St
*
#
Id have loved place. But
in real life.
we didn't gei-ohi For one reason tl.ere weren't any, and if there had been the price was $25 Î After all we arc not thinking of railing a show dog.
PAUL WINS RECOGNITION FOR GENTILE CHRISTIANS
Acta 11: 1-U; Galatian* at 1-81 PRINTED TEXT -Acts IS: 88b ; Galatians 8; 1, I, 8, 10, 80, 81.
GOLDEN TEXT-Being therefore justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ. Romans 5: 1.
Memory Verse: Oh give thanks
unto Jehovah; for he Is good. Ps. 130: J.
Time—The council at Jerusalem assembled in A.D, 50. We are not sure when Paul rebuked Peter at Antioch, except that it was some years subsequent to the council.
Place—Jerusalem wars the great city of Palestine, in Judah, and Antioch, mentioned in both sections of our lesson, was located in jhe northern part of Syria.
", Paul's Greeting to Church
"The apostles and the ciders, brethren, -unto the brethren who are of the Gentiles in Antioch and Syria and Cilicia, greeting." The fact that the Gentile converts are here addressed as ‘brethren' is at once an assurance of full communion with the church in Jerusalem.
The Council's Decree "For as much as we have heard that certain who went out from us have troubled you with words subverting your souls; to whom we gave no commandment which if ye keep yourselves, it shall be well with you. Fare ye well."
The apostle said they were sending this letter by distinguished servants of God who had actually hazarded their lives for the sake of the Lord Jesus. They wished tfce church at Antioch to know that this was not only their agreement, but that they found themselves guided by the Holy Spirit in this decision. There is no resisting the implication that the Holy Spirit had been assembled with them and was with them of one accord. What a radical revelation would take place in all church assemblies if the sense of The Spirit’s presence were actually felt and if everything were said and done as if in His presence. Later Account of Council "Then after the space of fourteen years I went up again to Jerusalem with Barnabas, taking Titus also with me. And I went up by revelation; ail'd I laid before them the gospel which I preach among the Gentiles but privately before them who were of repute, lest by any means I should be running, or had run, in vain."
Paul first spoke in private to the Apostles, and having shown them that the Gospel as he preached it was pure and genuine, though spoken ill of by many, he then addressed the assembly of believers. Paul's visit was necessary for the satisfaction of his Gentile converts, and also for the church in Jerusalem, that the identity of his Gospel with that of the other Apostles should be distinctly seen and acknowledged.
vincc the Apostles and the church of the validity of his Gospel with-
Thii is the morning after! You know what I mean—the morning after Easter holidays . ,, and weekend guests . . , and the usual letdown feeling that follows all such occasions. The weather over the holiday was not the best—good on Friday but wet and foggy Saturday. However we got around.
<w.
r

— navy
Lousr
$ $ *
*

Partner had The expect-¦ Most
Sunday’ morning trouble at the barn, ant heifer got Mopked WÊÊ of our cows are Ayeahirea and their horns . . . However, although the heifer was torn she seemed to be all right, couldn’t be sure.
After supper I was getting ready to drive our departing guests to the station when Partner came to me to help him move the heifer
While Alan Young has never appeared on our Radio Station, CKCL has sent many stars to the American Networks. The Clithrow B.othcf left Toronto and went t New York and became an immediate hit on Major Bowes "Capital* Family". They did a lot of night club work and were heard on many other American Network Broadcast*. Ruth Lowe who used to do a singing act on CKCL went tv New York and became famous as a night club entertainer and broke into the music business by writing the song, ‘Til Never Smile Again". Charlie Fitzgerald went to England, became a star on the British Broadcasting Corporation station!, starred in musical comedy and is now serving as an officer in the Royal Air Force. Ann Jemison who appeared on both CFRB and CKCL w<nt to the United States radio and finally wound up as a motion picture star. This all refutes the critics who maintain that Canada does not have good Radio talent. Canada has the best. Canadian sponsors won't pay out and naturally the artists go where they can make the most money.
Man is a bit of a
$
Did we have any trouble entertaining our guests? None at all. Part of the time we put them to work — and ro one objected.
You see we had a very nice little job on hand that I had been rather dreading. It was moving about eighty pullets from one pen to another. Have you tried catching yearling pullets and carrying them about six at a time from one place to another? You have? Yes, I thought so. Then you know how hot you get and how tired of trailing through the mud — that is, if there are only two of you to do the work. But many hands make light work. So, after dinner on Friday, I hunted old coats and overall* and the four of us went to work. 1 did the catching—with a hook — and the other three did the carrying. After the pullets were in their new pen we stood looking at them and I said something about birds looking hot. Daughter said immediately—“Why should they look hot — they didn’t have to carry themselves?"
, # # *
The next afternoon wc went to Guelph — all of us that is, except Partner. Nothing wc could say would convince him that the trip was worthwhile for him. And no doubt he was right because instead of having a holiday he had extra work for the week-end. Two cows had calved in one day and a third had serious intentions along the same line. Warm drinking water tc carry , . . calves to be taught to drink ^. . cows to be watched in case of complications —and to be milked just so much and no more. But I was glad of an opportunity to go to Guelph any city for that matter. There was shopping I just had to do. And then, too, I was hoping there might be a chance to pick up a good puppy. In fact I thought of so many things to do it is more than likely our visitors wished they had left me behind. We even went to a uog place and saw some of the grandest dogs. One of them was "Lassie Come Home"
/
\y
But of course we

me
to another stall.
Looking very sheepish about the whole affair. Captain Mutt, Australian sheep dog pet of a wounded South Pacific veteran, is escorted into patrol wagon by Navy shore patrolmen after going AWOL in San Francisco. Captain Mutt has traveled from Pearl throughout the South Seas—but he won't stay home.
of my smocks and a cap so you don’t scare her" said Partner. So 1 dressed according to instructions and went to the barn. The heifer still seemed to be all right. Then awa> 1 went to the station. The train was late—it was an hour and a halt before I got home. Partner came in just afterwards. "How is the heifer?" was my first question. "It’s all over," said Partner, “the calf has arrived. Just the slickest calving I ever saw."
I
Harbor
to take back with her. This time what do you think her small extra parcel contained? No, not eggs or a chicken. Something 4ar more exciting. It was onions . . . hon-est-to-goodness winter onions! I was almost afraid to let her take them. 1 was afraid if ever the aroma made itself noticeable on the train or street-car there might be a stampede. Daughter also carried with her a huge bouquet of pussywillows gathered right from a nearby swamp. It is possible that other passengers may hag* given her a wide berth rather than
risk a poke in the eye from a pussywillow branch.
*


So that was that . . . three heifer calves in as many days, nice, of course . . . splendid for milk production, and all that. But v hy did they have to arrive just now when Partner would have liked a little mort time to visit? But that’s the way it goes. “Time and tide wait for no man’’—neither do cows that decide to calve.

Very

from
v-'


Garden Notes
$
Take Little Room
Small vegetables like lettuce and ladish require rows only 15 inches apart. Beets, beans, carrots, peas and spinach need l little more •pace between, while potatoes, corn and staked tomatoes must have a couple of feet to thirty inches. Space may be saved with the latter type if something quick maturing such as lettuce and spinach are planted in between. The bigger things will not need the full room at first, and by the time they do the early crops will l>e out of the way.
If room is extremely limited, then experts advise confining vegetables to such heavy yielders as beans, lettuce, carrots, . beets, onions, celery and, possibly, staked tomatoes. A 20-foot row of any of these will supply many meals for a small family. The expert who appreciates garden freshness will also include peas and corn. These things take up more room, and at least ?3 feet of row is needed for a worthwhile crop, but only from the garden right at the door can really fresh corn and peas be obtained.
When Daughter evines I like her to have something from the farm
i
i
HUGE BEAST

Answer to Previous Pnsile several
scenes.
n 24 Parasites.
25	Piece out
26	Ridicules.
28 Journeys.
uouii a 29 Thing (law). MM 30 Cat-like
animal.
Max 132 One who 1 grades.
33 Accumulate. 41 Suffix.
43 Falsehood 45 Gems.
49 Paradises.
3	First woman. 50 North Dakota
4	Not
professional
5	Apportions.
6	That is (Latin).
7	Put in a row. 56 American
Indian.
57	Emmet.
58	French article.
60	Size of shot
61	Fish.
62	English (abbr.).
64	Suffix.
65	Symbol for tellurium.
22	Opera (abbr.) 67 International
23	Pictures of languages
HORIZONTAL
1 Article. Appertaining to . the lips (pi). 10 Reptile.
18	Disclose.
15 Pictured
animal.
17 Municipal officer.
19	This animal is valued for
ALAN YOUNU
they can’t reach me. Of course the average man-on-the-stscct listens to all my broadcasts and trobably wonders why he’s on the Street and I’m on the air. For those of you who may be wondering the same thing allow me a brief moment of retrospect.
Being the oldest child of a large (amily it fell upon me to help dad raise the rest of the children. Dad was in the navy during the last war and he was seasick from 1914 to 1918. He always says he gave the navy everything he had.
After the war we made our home oi. forty-second street, New York. Forty-second street lies parallel to forty-first street and on Saturday nights my father was parallel to BOTH of them. Then came the crash and our family operated their business on a shoe string And if you think there’s much money in shoe-strings, you’re crazy.
School days are among my most pleasant memories. In fact the happiest years of my life were spent in the third grade. Aqd, Oh, I’ll never forget that wonderful day I graduated to grade four! Was it exciting! I was shaking so much I could hardly shave. Graduating from high school I then took medicine for three years. Felt a lot better too. After university 1 didn’t have a scent. Then I turned to radio and boy did I smell! When I first went on the air people didn't like me a bit; but after listeing for a while they gradually grew to hate me.
When this was broke out the Young family were the first at the recruiting office. What a fighting heritage. Ever since I can remember swords have always run through my family. My great grandfather fought in the Great War. As a matter of fact, my • family just couldn't get along with ANYBODY.
This spring I went down to HMCS ‘(York" to tak- my medical
¦	\z warna ¦ HiaaQtir^a
B330 BBQ9» E1(23 KGB HEB351 110930 E3 Œ3E32] WH3 09 0 M33BB B3&
¦	[iJHiiBÙÉ UBU
QatElB MKQ II
uana ana eb
0B0. BHH UB@ ia tiua r§anE tiiLO 0 WHS rjena QHBÜ
¦	302 HDKB titiliae
tititi ¦ ItitoflEl 1 GmHUMfl


its
21 Head dress.
24 Stead (simp.).
27	Grow smaller at the end.
28	Share.
31 Swindlers.
33	Space for combat
34	Musical drama.
47	Female saint (pi ).
48	Male singer 53 Cauterize.
(abbr.).
51	Palm leaf.
52	Souvenir.
54	Large book.
55	Mentally sound.
out the law, his work would be
damaged.
The Hand of Fellowship
“And when they perceived the grace that was given unto me, Janies and Cephas and John, they who were reputed to be pillars, gave to me and Barnabas the right hand of fellowship, that we should go unto the Gentiles, and they unto the circumcision; only they would that we should remember the poor; which very thing I was also zealous to do."
54 Walks leisurely.
3$ Builder in 57 By oneself,
59 Puff up.
38 Greek letter. 63 Dwelling
37	Japanese .IgMEgEEEEgg statesman.
38	Avenue (abbr.),
39	Right (abbr.). 69 Perfume.
70 Ship's fr;
instrument.
8	Weightraising bar.
9	Blemish.
10	Body of water
11	Upon.
12	Consumed.
14 Suffix.
16 Hour (abbr.). 18 Age.
20 Settle definitely.
stone.
place.
66 Place under arrest.
68 Leavings.
Keep 'Em Spaced
One can save oneself a lot of stooping and bother by proper spacing of seed when sowing. With beans, peas and such seed, from three to five inches apart is about right. With fine seeds like those of carrots, lettuce and such it is difficult to space evenly and thinly but with a little care one can prevent bunching. This care in sowing will be repaid later when the plants start to grow, as much thinning will be saved.
But even with this careful %pwiug, some thinning is inevitable with beets, onions, parsnips, and similar fine iced plants. The object is to give room for early growth. It is net necessary to thin—say—beets and carrots to more than an inch or so apart. Long before they have reached full maturity a lot of the beets and carroti will have been pulled and usd. When the plants an half grown one can start using every other one in the row.
Not Too Deep
Generally speaking, the amateur is inclined to plant too deep. Seed so planted will not germinate welt The general rule is three times the diameter, which means mere pressing into the soil for* fine seed like that of radish, poppy, carrot, etc., and about one or two inches deep for beans and peas. With bulbs and tub rs like gladiolus and potatoes, from six to ten inches deep is recommended, the heavier the soil the shallower the planting. '
If lie failed to con-
40 Move smoothly.
42 Biblical word, 44 Diners.
46 Viscous substance.
These three were rightly regarded as eminent pillars in the church; they publicly acknowledged Paul and Barnabas as fellowlabourers, in whom they had perfect confidence, shown much interest in the poor saints of Jerusalem and was ready to do the same again.
True Conversion
“I have been cruicified with Christ; and it is no longer I that five, but Christ liveth in me: and that life which I now live in the flesh I live in faith, the faith which is in the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself up for me."
Where conversion is real, where the soul lives in vital union with Christ, there a nobler, richer, fuller life is revealed. It was Paul's deep realization of Christ’s love toward so great a sinner that moved him to give himself unreservedly to Christ.
L1NDY HOPPING?
VERTICAL
1	Attempt.
2	Pronoun.
Paul had
Z
II
I
I
13
I
I
17
I
I
24
3
A


A
No Salvation by Works
“I do not make void the Grace of God: for if righteousness is through the law then Christ died for nought." There is no righteousness, no salvation by works of the Law. If there were then Christ died in vain. If you can he saved by your own good works, what need was there for Him to leave His Father's home and suffer the cruel death of Calvary?
I
HACK WORK
Reports persist that Charles A. Lindbergh, above, had received yellow fever immunisation “shots' at Marine Hospital, New York, in preparation for a mission outside the country
Navy and the flyer’s associates refused to confirm the rumor.
56

s
The hospital,
ITAJ.Y
V:
— X
m
\
POP — An. Open and Shut Case
By J. MILLAR WATT
0
YOU TOLD ME YOU WERE THE ORDERLY ROOM_
drafts.™
CLERK
YESSIR -
- I OPEN AND SHUrr 5EPS1 THE c; J WINDOWS 1
"T

I
I



¦
0
SARD

I
5#
-- -





P
I
100


U. S. bombers, based on Sardinia and Corsica, have hacked all north and south railroads In Italy
•'•xy


Kv

yz


on map
•V
y.



B 2Y
ations was furthered by of Frosinone. Tetracina. and Civitavecchia.



R 1
blasting
Pi< Xinino





###PAGE###8###
s

m

m wm

PI
ASK THE VICTORY LOAN SALESMAN FOR A COP Y Of THS LETTER
It enables yen te bny Victory Bends through your bank-on convenient deferred payments
1

s
A

m#


i
w
s

v4*HyU,

t
B
8
ilANR
*
y
(IMNCN

/
X
«
âalAt/c*,;
W.

w

1<Acfcÿi J&atc é&a*u/é. Zcx**4tdxé	xiXJ^ut
4UO XJUÙ*£-4^t	*
ÿj&icmùe. tbjtuvf you t4t ‘Mance cf rf/t fitUa/dUt/bà*6t /d*4. 4UCUU*/infoutf titJZjUl,
i& <4aù cÿ Kut 6t&A,

_


i
-
L'

4

m
«



usûiL*.
4+* ****4(4. jtom.
I
Fill OUT THE LETTER AND GIVE IT TO THE VICTORY LOAN SALESMAN—IT IS AN ORDER ON YOUR BANK TO BUY BONDS FOR YOU
YOU HAVE SIX MONTHS TO PAY THE BANK FOR THE BONDS—THE INTEREST THE BONDS EARN, PAYS THE BANK INTEREST ON THE LOAN

You make a first payment of at least 10% of the amount of the bonds you buy and pay the balance when it is convenient for you to do so, within the next six months. Bonds earn 3% for you and this income pays the interest on the loan during this period. Be sure to buy Victory Bonds on this plan as well as for cash.
You can buy Victory Bonds with cash which you . have saved ; ; ; and you can buy more bonds with money as you get it, on convenient deferred payments.
Every Victory Loan salesman has printed copies of the deferred payment letter at the right. (You can also get this form letter at any bank.) -All you do is write in the name of your bank and the amount of the bonds you wish to buy and sign it.
ÎpvmcMA#*#)
<
lAOORlS»»
in
§
Canada needs more money to pay her enormous war bill. Let your country have the use of
6-48
V
7
all the money you can save.

s
%

NATIONAL WA* FINANCE COMMITTED

N
Service Announcements
Holiness Movement Church Rev. W. C. A. McFarlanb, Pastor
Shawville
Onslow Corners Women’s Institute
f
SUNDAY, APRIL 30
Onslow Corners Women’s Instr tnte held their monthly meeting at the home of Mrs. Jas. Doherty The president, Mrs. MeCauley, presided, and the minutes of last meeting were read by the secretary, Mrs. Ireland The roll call was answered by » cookie recipe. A paper was read by Mrs. Nelson Schwartz •
A bundle of sewing was distributed among the members to be turned in at the next meeting.
The next meeting will be held at the home of Mrs Harold Armitage on Wednesday, May 3id.
WHERE WOULD YOU BE
»	r 1 W ^ • f	|	« # * e
If It Weren't.for HIM?
Sunday School
_	Morning Service— 11 00 a. m.
Shawville United Church	Evening Service- 7-30 p. m.
Rev A.F.Fokes B. A., R.D. Pastor	Closing seJ vices of the Revival
* 11,00 a. m.—Service at Shawville. I Evanglilt Mrs. Lloyd Willows preach. 2.00 p. m —Service at Zion,	ing at all services, The Ottawa Male
3.30 p. m—Service at Starks Cor- Quartette will be m attendance at all
services,
10.00 a. m
ners
North Onslow Sunday School—1.30 p. m Service withdrawn
Communion and Reception services at each appointment
7.30 p. m.—Service at Shawville.
The Pastor will preach on :
“The Invitation is Yours”
4#
If
»



9 *
dl
A
Pentecostal Assemblies Rev, F. O. Routley, Pastor,
Shawville
Services at 11.00 a. m. and 7 30 p. m
Bristol Ridge
Service at 2 30 p. in, and 7.45 p. m.
Borner Clarendon Woman Diea at Lmmaaden, Saak.
/



Clarendon Circuit
Rev. N. T. Holmes. B.A., B.D. Pastor
Service at Wesley, 11.00 a. m. Service at Norman, 3.00 p. m, Service at Yarns, 8.00 p. m.
Z

Mrs. Maria McLean, 76, Regina, wife of W. H. McLean, Lumsdcn, Sask., diid on Good Friday, Aaril 7, in a Regina Hospital.
Born near Shawville, Quebec, she came to Findlater 37 years ago. In 1939 Mr. and Mrs. McLean moved to Lnms-den. Surviving besides her husband are one brother and one sister, Thomas gg, of Brock, Sask., nnd Mrs. John Howard, of Clarendon, Que.
The fanerai service was conducted Monday, April 11, in the Lumsden United Church. Rev. S. A. Kennedy officiated and burial was made in the Lumsden cemetery.
%



jâ

A
'
- - A> ,


Stark’s Corners Service at 11.00 a. m. Service at 7.45 p. m.
Portage du Fort - Service "at 3 30 p. m.
Mr. H. S. Richardson, Pastor


Bristol United Church Lay Minister :—Mr. Leslie Dean
St. Andrews
Sunday School—10.00 a. m.
Service—11.00 a.m.
In charge Y. P. U
Knox
Service—3.00 Austin
Service—8.00
Service in charge of St. Andrew’s Young People’s Union

«



?
D*

S.
>. x K
FÀ
\ X

y
K «


K
Wanted to Purchase
10,000 SMALL CHESTS
Jumper Dress Favored
As Yéar-Round Garb
The jumper dress has become b. year-round favorite. Worn in summer with sheer white blouses, and in winter with heavier colored blouses, the jumper makes it possible to get along with fewer clothes
Even greater variety can be obtained by different types of blouses. The tailored blouse, with plain turnover collar, is appropriate for all occasions, and the blouse with rippling frill down the front, or a wide ruffle for a collar, is more dressy.
That doesn't mean they must be white. Most colored'rayons as well as colored cottans take to water like a duck. Wash them as soon as the neckline, which soils quickest, shows signs of dirt, even if the rest of the blouse looks fairly clean. One of the reasons for this is conservation. The less rubbing you have to do on any part of the blouse, the longer the blouse will last.	W '
White cotton blouses are perkier If starched lightly. Some girls prefer to keep the tuck-in part of the blouse unstarched, so it will lie flatter under the jumper. This can be

If yon have kilo-dried bas*wood and the necessary to manufacture wooded chests, please communicate with Wlbintaikkr & Bonk, 908 8t. Lawrence fil'd., Montreal, Que. Lancaster 2264.
i
ANGLICAN St. Paul's
Sunday School—10.00 a. m..
Holy Communion—8.00 a.m.
Evening Prayer,—7.30 p. m.
Service will be in charge of Rev. W. J. White, of Portage du Fort

&ac4 dim t* tdc limit... Tttwic
a
CARDS OF THANKS
:
fi

I wish to bincerelÿ thank all those who rushed to my assistance when fire threatened my barn building at noon on Wednesday of last week. Special thanks to the local fire brigade for their prompt response to the alarm.
louses that are washable
Put T/ictonq “7vi4t(
North Clarendon Parish Rev. P, R. Stotk in charge
Services withdrawn
Jno. t. Caldwell,
Shaw ville, Que.
or
Wesleyan Methodist Church
Rev. H Kielty, Pastor
Sunday School st 10.00 a. m. Service withdrawn
Campbell’s Bay
nr MEMORIAM
I
go loving memory oi dear Velma, Mrs. Grenville Atkinson, who passed away inOttawa April 83rd, 1943,
Sadly missed by Sir. and Mrs. Geo. Tubman
a
plan. Victory
10# per <100 per peer,



sras s. trf
only th*

a


w%



