###PAGE###1###

yw
K
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE THURSDAY, MAY 27th, 1943
No, 47 OUT 11 Y EAU
Picture Show to Continue Every Wednesday Night at 8.30
ENGAGEMENT
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Austin Wcsea’s Association
The An-tin XVo neii - Associa tinn held it# monthly meeting m the home of the president, Mi>. Crawford Car-on, on Wednesday,
May 12 th.
Mr#. AngtHt Rose conducted the devotional exercises and Mr. Leslie Mar- |)esn led in prayer.
The minutes of previous meeting were read and approved. Fourteen member# and six visitor# were present.
Letter# were read from Herbert XVicken#, Alton Olmstead and Billie Armstrong, thanking the AsNociation for boxes rececived. A box wa# packed at this meeting for Ebert Delorme.
Mr4*. Roy Maeftrlane invited the Mr. Norris Young, ot the Range I ladies to her home for the next Pres#, Ottawa, spent a week’# meeting. JtmeUvh. The invitation
vacation with relative# in town. | was kindly accepted.
Meeting closed by singing bod Mr. and Mr#. John McKinley, of I Save the King ' after which dainty Ottawa, spent a few day# of the| refreshment# were served by th* past week at their cottage, (been j hostea# a social hour wa# spent. Lake.
Pill TCH A It D— PoWLKH
Mr. and Mm. XV, Fred Prifchar 1. of Wyman, Que announce the engagement of th#ir younger daughter. Edith Abigail, of Ottawa, to William Ernest Powles, son of Reverend Canon P S.C, and Mrs. Poxvles, of Montreal riage to take place June 2<Uh in the Chapel of Divinity Hall, Mont real.
Mr. O'Connor, of Ottawa, who n ban been running a picture allow in Theatre Halt on different night# of each week fcr the past month, announce# that he will continue - with a showing of high clat# film# b Wednesday night at The show will be improved with higher class film# and a new and improved projector and sound
apparatus.
Cleaning Time
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa Ontario
Thi# o eliab sc boo ha# removed to aige and liner preiui-es. The finest and most model n n Ontario Attend a school with an established reputation Open a year
eac
is
Paint and Wallpaper Time
PERSONAL MENTION
Recruiting For Reserve Army Proceeding Well
Recruiting for the Shawv ille Detachment of the Reserve Army j I# proceeding well. Mr. James ' Gordon, of the High School staff, who holds a Cadet Training Get till cate Grade A, has been accepted as
a Sergeant.	.	,	.	.	.
John W. Howard, who trained
with the Lanark and Renfrew Regiment last year, has been promoted V» Corporal.
G A Me
Manager, who serv — the last war, ha# been recommend ed for a Provisional Second Lieu
tenant.
I
W. I. COWLING resident
H.W. BRAITNWAIU Principe
Mrs. H. Millar, ut Ottawa, visit ed at the home of her daughtei over the week end and holiday.
!
JAMES A. MILLAR
Sherwin-Williams
Paint, Varnish and Enamel
B.1A./L. L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
Ai Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’» Bey • every Wednesday morning At PootiecHouse, Shew ville,# very Wednesday at Noon
Mi## Muriel Horner, of Ilupert,	i tv c jj i
Que , spent the week-end at the | Mrs. Elwood Brownlee Dies Suddenly
home uf her mother, Mr#. H. H
Horner.
Llongall, Bank éd in France in
See our Wallpaper Sample Book
Place your order early
Mr
m!: b	b ".MTdiTS IH ABLAND 0. ROW AT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SMAWVILLE.QUE.

Bingo Party a Success
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
•? Estate C. U. Caldwell f
T. Hudgins
She was the former Emily Sarah Mbs Mary Brownlee, of .Mont iJane Hudgins, daughter of Mr. real, -pent the week end at the laud Mrs W. 1). Hodgins. of Litch-
The Bingo Furry held at Shaw-ville Theatre on Friday night and sponsored by thé Women « Institute, was highly successful. There good attendance and some
very worthwhile
Litch
home of her mother, Mrs. Norman | Held, and was born in the town Brownlee.
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C
ship of Clarendon 'M years ago. She attended schools in Clarendon
Advocate Barrister . Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell's B*>, Quebec
(In| Lawn Block)
WftH ft
players won prizes.
Proceeds, pectations, will provide gift boxes for soldier# and airmen from this district who are serving oversea#.
Bingo playing concluded shortly after midnight and the balance of were auctioned.
Pte. Margaret Caldwell. C. W.A. |antj Shawville C., of Toronto, visited at the home Following her marriage in 1020 of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jas. she and her husband resided in H Caldwell.	Detroit for about six years, and
Hat i y Belshei, at Yiu m.	Besides her husband, she is sur
Misses Elsie Cummings, Helen vived by one daughter, }MDs Vel-Topolas and Mrs. Evelyn John. I ma, at home; her parents, Mr. and ston, visited relatives and friends Mrs. W. D. Hodgins, and one in town and vicinity over the brother, Lorne, ot Litchfield; tour rlu» wH^k-cnd	sisters, Mrs. Lester Draper (Lottie)
lllt	:	of Gracefield; Mrs, Ted Hudgins
Mr, and Mrs. Harold Hayward, (Susie) of Malattic; Mrs. Lloyd of Montreal ; Mr. and Mrs Clarke Brownlee H^velyii) of Clarendon; _	Cowan and Miss Neta Btirriside, oi l and Miss Edna Hudgins, of Utta-
A delegate of Miisinnarie- with Ottawa, were week-end und holi-lwa. exhibits trom India, China, Japan, day guests ot the Cowan family.
the Canadian West and our Jewish work in Montreal, with movies, elides and novelties, will arrive In Shawville on Saturday. May 20th, to hold a series of exhibitions in
Shawville. Portage, Charteris and The following is the report of
Campbell s Bay.	Siiawville Red Cross Unit, No. 3,
Witii them will he the Hev. V# fuy the year ending April, 1943;—
8. D. Sattiunadhin and his wife,	Q Art ivies— 24 pneumonia HHHHIBHHHiil
both of them MUsionai ie» from	jq^^ets.	21 sheets, 8 jacket-*.	21	#
India. The Missionary delegates | nurst>g gOWn«, 1 coat, 1 can,	11 Onslow	Corners	Womens	Institute
will speak in the local churches on	|t|inuim	suits underwear, 4
Sunday, May ,30th.	pyjamas,	1 dress, 0 comfort bags, I	Onslow	Corners	Women's	It^ti
The exhibitions will be as toi ^ T binder#, 12 slings, Ü pr. bloom ^ute met at the home ot Mrs. Bar low*;—Monday, Portage <lu	r« t,	er« and 17 quilts	old Anuitage on May 10th. The
Wednesday, Camp bel	y»	Knitted Articles— 2 pr.	#ocks,	ui^eting was presided over by Mrs.
Thursday, in Shawville lheatie,	j py mitts, 2 pr. booties,	2 Pr	McCauley, the president, assisted
Friday at Charteris.	gloves, 1 tuck-in, 1 dress 1 bonnet,	by Mrs. G. Ireland. The roll call
Wherever tins Missionary	Cara-	j pr. booties, 3 sweaters. 1	tearf	W,1H *nMVered by “My favourite
van has gone it has attracted anc| 2 pr. mitts donated large crowds A special show for children in the afternoon, and for adults in the evening.
it hick exceeded ex
DONAT Le GUERRIER Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
pnzu#
Institute members are very grateful to all those who donated prizes and assisted the event to such a sum?**-.
Branch at (jayon ; will call any Monday on return
Matters dealt w ith ly a 111>] c r t’n
Missionary Caravan Comes to Clarendon
Yard Goods
Dept.
The funeral was held on Wednesday afternoon, from the late home of the deceased* Service was conducted at Shawville United Church by Rev, N, T. Holmes, of Yarm, assistedjby the pastor, Rev, A, F, Hokes,
Burial was made at Bad ford United Church Cemetery.
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT - BARRISTER HULL, QUEBEC
Consultations by Appointment
Yearly Report of Shawville Red Crow Unit, No. 3
Visit our Yard Goods Dept, and see what is being shown in the New Crepes, etc. Follow the trend today and make your own, be economical—Save !
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville

i

DR. H. K. NEILSON
Seersucker—Swell patterns, make up beautifully in smart Summer Dresses, at $45 cents
Eye, Ear, Noie and Throat SPECIALIST
magazine or paper.”
A receipt for $5 00 to the Com ,	.	r t	rouuity Hospital (refrigerator) wa*
Lower Age Limit for farm rnnm| weired from Mr*. 8, E. McDowell.
Materials foi two quilts were brought in ; also some Red Cioss sewing to be given out at the next
meeting.	.	,
A pa pH r on “Home Economics’ was read by Mrs. Harold Annitage The next meeting will beheld at the home of Mr#. Sam McGoff, on The order said it wa# considered Wednesday. June 2nd
Nursery Rhyme. Program : Paper on Child's * Welfare and Public H ealth.
The meeting closed by «tinging
Refresh-
PrilltS—Wabasso - always the best new patterns 30 cents per yard
OTTAWA, - ONT.
PHONE, 2-7961
Age limit of the war emergency training progtam has been lowered from 10 to 14 years to enable extension of farm training, it wa-* The Mobile Unit of the Red disclosed in an Order in Council Cross Blood Donor Clinic will be published Saturday in Canadian in Shawville all day Tuesday, XVar orders and regulations.
June 1st. and will be set up in the The order said it wa# considered basement of the United Church | advisable, “in view of the shortage Doctors and nurses from Ottawa j 0f farm workers in certain pro................................ to provide training in fat m
attendance to receive the dona-1 work dining the Summer vacation
1. Volunteers are period to older students attending
as far secondary school, some of whom
Red Cross Blood Donor Clinic Here Tuesday June 1st.
Silk Crepe — Summer weight, lovely designs, dots,{figured, etc. Easy to make up $1.25
BEATTIE’S [EYE SERVICE
46 Bronson Ave., Cor. Sladstone
OTTAWA, ONTARIO
Roll t ill
Wool Crepes—Light wool crepes in plain shades
r rich colours in biege, powder blue, dusty , tobacco brown, black and navy. See
as well lis local ones will be in
scientihc Ere examinations
Speciali t * on al visual andmusculareyeiafec
T,T.Beattie, Kathleen M.Rollins|
qeg Optometrist
vince#
very rose these at $1.85
“God Save the King ments were served by the hostess
tiotis of blond.
being notified to come, and	-JL _	I	¦
possible nil there are urged to will be under 10 years ot age fill their appointments. It is The new age limit applies specil estimated that 75 donations can rally to farm training.
be made, and the assurance is	-—------
given that no serious results to •	At -,
low the donations. Get in touch i Shawville District Subscribes 41.53
with the secretary, Miss Katie | per Cent, ol County Objective in 4th
Elliott, at CotieV store, .
Tho«e who are to give blooo
td "u'f,.	«1 th.Co»„.y objective	n
Blood containing fats dries oily Shawville- district—41 53 of Co after	J . .
.	itfjs&suss .................. “s2-7”™;
islresh fruit, cereal and syiup, Cam obeli'» Bay—18.48 per cent, comprised of a fisg-drill, patnotic bread or toast, jam or marmalade, County objective; amount songs and a duet, clear tea. coffee or buttermilk.	oka on . al)n||cation8 348.	While the children were enjoy-
There will be a strong commit‘ I oiwoeiu-1580 per cent of the ing n ball game, the meeting tee on hand at the church to take „	1 objective ; amount $09.1)50. resumed when a letter was read
charge of the receiving of dona a,,ulications 88.	from Mrs. Dow, Provincial presi
tlons. All of the local nurses are j?0rt Conlonge-14 09 per cent of dent.
volunteering to be present, as	objective ; amount $04,500. Information regarding the War
well as the local doctors, and « applications 170.	Chaiities Act has been received
local committee of ladies are help onvon_u 45 per cent of County and the branch 1* uow registered
Mrraï.ï’«y.w.,.....
with light refreshments. All who » The Applications totalled $1,308 meetings in the evening timing are volunteering blood are asked	r„eAn9 one person out of the summer months, expecting to
to see their local doctor this week eye %5 ^ut,8Cribed in comparison meet at Lhe^home of Mrs. Stephens
rsttïîat
Many lives are being saved by the	^	Later in the afternoon some
supplies sent overseas, and if an Considerable credit is due to all shrubs and flowers were planted offensive in Europe comes, at Committee members and workers in the school grounds. Refresh many expect, it will be of para- for a y„ccesslul campaign which men ta were served to all by the mount importance that there ^ds much prestige to the great members and a social time enjoy* nhall be a good supply to save the ^ of the County, lives of casualties.
n#
Reg Optometrist
Wyman Women's Institute
Miami Spune—Special Summer weight spuns, fancy patterns (hats, gloves, etc.) Something very new at $1.50 per yard
Gordon T. Paul I N SU RANCE
A idea saut afternoon was spent at No. 1 school. South Onslow, when the Wyman Women's Institute rant for the May meeting, with the president, Miss Abbie Pritchard presiding, assisted by Mr#. MacKechnie, acting as seere-
I
Victory Loan Campaign

REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
tnry.	,	.
The meeting opened in the
usual manner, the Roll Call being answered by “naming the Radio j most helpful to you. ’ which the teacher. Miss
Butterick Patterns Thread
Hollywood Patterns Buttons
QUE
SHAWVILLE
was
Talking* Pictures
George Sanders Wendy Barrie
in
A Date With The
Falcon
THE W. A. HOGGINS STORE
at
Shawville Theatre
Wed. May 26th,
At 8.30 p. m.
Quebec
ShawviHe
ed
<
3
w


rfl .7L

1
putt
dUO\«
am
^2Li«r
aiMoad


###PAGE###2###
a y
SHE GOES BOOM !
SCOUTING ...
V
THIS CURIOUS WORLD
yr h oo l
LESSON
Boy Scouts of Malta, the moat bombed place on earth adopted a new wartime motto— "Scarred but not •cured.”
have
& AFRICAN OKAPI
CAN WAS WITH ITS
May 30
PETER'S COUNSEL TO SCATTERED CHRISTIANS PRINTED TEXT. 1 Peter 1:1;
2:11-2#
GOLDEN TEXT—Honor all men. Love the brotherhood. Fear God Honor the *lnç). ; Peter 2 17.
Memory Verse: He caret h for you. 1 Peter 6:7.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time —Probably about A I) 60. Place Some believe that First was written from Babylon;
t !
tow n as C.'tro,
' called Baby-written fiom

1
Hundreds of pounds of garden seeds, donated by Canadian Boy Scouts have been distributed to the Buy Scouts of Great Britain, according to word received from Imperial Hedaquarters of the Scouts in London. They will be used ill the Scout "Dig for Victory" gardens.


t


k
*
#

Among donation* received in recent weeks at Dominion Boy Scout Headquarters in Ottawa was one from the Eagle Patrol of Handicapped Scouts in Winnipeg. Each member of this pattol is a victim of infantile paralysis and each one is bedridden. The money was for the Chins Up Fund for British Boy Scouts who have lost their homes in the
blits
earned the money by making tie racks and book ends.

(

»

A
others have sugj cause the city now Egypt, was aucier
A-»
•ONt mi bv
T. M. MÛ. u. a PAT. OFF
MRViCf. me.

The E[
Oil
INI THE
UNITED STATES,
MORE THAN TWICE AS MANV PERSONS ARE KILLED IN THE /YCWAÆ AS IN //S//2CSS7»/
then
The Apostolic Sr fa‘ion
"Peter, an Christ, to tli Joui nw# of the Dlspe tus Galatia, 'Canna loi
a%
r>
i
of Joeus
3
who are Boston In Pon-ta. Asia and tritatlve tone vil at the out-assumes his full name which i, and the of-
o

\fr A
Ve r"
'hese bedridden Scouts

B
!
n ui
of fhis epistle is ter. The writer
w



*:
t
Rock i gi? n h fk'la! dignity of an 'apostle of Jes us Christ.'
Among the most regular blood donors at the Ottawa Red Cross clinic are the Scout lenders of the capital city on hand for emergencies, and when Scout Peter Pell, recently seriously ill in hospital, required a blood transfusion, it was his troop leader, John Wilcox, who provided it.
&
They are also

The Abstemious Life “Beloved, I he^eepli you as sojourners and pilgrims. To a from fleshly lusts, which war against the soul. Having your behavior seemly among the Gentiles; that, wherein they speak against you as evil-doers, they may be your good works, which they behold. glorify God tu the day of visitation." The seemly conduct of believers must be continuous or it will fail of it* eifects. One display of Christian conduct, or occasional manifestations thereof, will not win men to love the way of Christ. The evil reports of the adversaries are ill-grounded, but they do not think so; and the only means of removing their perverse view* is by a continuous revelation of the excellence of Christ’s vice.
i
$

n
A GOVERNMENT MAN
nut of the mouth of a circus cannon shoots 18-year-old Victoria iiixu, who is filling in as a human cannon ball now that her brothers, Hugo and Mario, axe in the army.
TO RELATIVES IS A
Za


Behind the recent presentation of an $1,800 ambulance to the R.C.A.F. was two years of steady hard work by the Cubs and Scouts of the 10th Toronto Group st Christ Church, Deer Park. The hoys raised the money through salvage effox-ts, and over the two-year period they collected
155.000	pounds of waste paper,
21.000	pounds of magazines, 32,300 poux ds of scrap metals, 11,800 pounds of bottles, 500 pounds of mattresses, 3,800 pounds of rags, 5,300 pounds of rubber, 850 pounds of tinfoil, 10,300 fruit baskets and 3,000 wire coat hangers. In addition they sold 24,000 Hot Cross buns. Air Commodore F. S. McGill accepted the ambulance on behalf of the «RC.A.F. in the presence of His Excellency the Earl of Athlone, Chief Scout for Canada.
ANSWER; Nepotist
! RADIO REPORTER
By
NEXT: A goal yetting meal.
REX FROST
ed nervous resistance. There i# luharent resistance to disease and sickness, but there is also acquired resistance. A daily walk of two or throe miles will strong* ht n your resistance."
A Hasty Exit
Vhoa there
cut tile comely! Recently we told you that Fred Allen was to leave the for the summer. And now Jack Benny is to follow suit. The last programme in the present Jack Benny series will be heard ou Sunday, May 30. Replacing it from 7 to 7.30 Sunday evening will be a aerial story currently being heard over the Columbia Broadcasting System afternoon»
Jack Benny has been a bit rundown of late. This winter he has suffered a sequence of col da and has been quite close to a nervoua breakdown. Present plana are for him bo go overseas A entertain frh# troops. If a change of scenery means anything, it »idd pep him up no end. But it’s no change for Comedian Jack to provide the laughs for the men
of the network humorous broadcasts, me professional "laugh-
mongers” whose business it is to load the merriment loud and heartily at the appropriate moment. They work on the presumption that, laughter is infectious . . . and that if you hear other people laughing you want to laugh, too. So don't worry because you hear a studio audience "haw-hawing” at something you think is not even remotely funny. All iK-ople don't laugh at the same things. It doesn’t reflect upon your sense of humour. The studio laughs aro likely sponsored, as much as the comedians themselves.
air
Remarked au observer in tiou .se While watching the Nazis va-
mousse,
"I note that Lheir step Is deficient in pop.
They never learned ' Uiat from a
—-L.il li.
ser
The stratosphere 10 miles above tiie uorth pole is warmer ihau at the same height above the equator.
Be subject to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake: whether to tiie king, as supreme; or uu-to governors, as sent by him for vengeance on evil-doers, and for praise to them that do well. For ¦o is the will of God. that by welldoing ye should put to silence the Ignorance of foolish men are to submit for the Lord's sake, in order not to bring discredit upon His teaching and persecution upon His church.
gousse.
Sunday Those We love.”
a
1
POPULAR SPORT
They
HORIZONTAL Answer to Previous Puzzle 17 Amuses. 1 Pictured
sport.	____
6 It is part Of ISiTiO R the sport IT 0| In
20 Babylonian god of pestilence.
23 Jumbled type* 25 Brazilian money of account.
MAP OF | 26 Symbol for
calcium.
27	Hawaiian food
28	Side of the ditch next the parapet.
30 Terminates.
32	Queerest.
33	Enchantment:
34	Spring up.
35	Mistress (adbr.).
36	Metal bar used for prying purposes
37	Cut into parts. 39 Opposite of
a weather.
41 Skills.
Age-Old Recipe For Good Health
j
N
H
AMI SL
nTiîsihé
"As free, and not using vour freedom. for a cloak of wickedness. hut as bondservants of God."
Peter warns the Christians against making their freedom a pretext i of the .services for malicioiuidss, a word which designated any kind of evil.
Cheerful Obedience "Servants, be In subjection to your masters with all fear; not only to the good and gentle, but also to the frowand. For this Is accept able, if for conscience toward God a man endureth griefs, suffering wrongfully. For what ia it, if. when ye sin, <nd * buffeted for It. ye shall t*ke it patiently? But if, when yu do well, and suffer for it, ye shall take It patiently, this is acceptable with Servants are urged to be, not only obedient, but loyal to masters. The "fea of punishment, but denotes lous fidelity and deference at all timvg and the desire to avoid all offense.
_ ¦
aWi TdMwTHp e r
PHn EÎtUt'E FN È
n
Ship AhoyÎ The Merchant Navy with full *team up has weighed anchor and set sail in the channels of the CBC national network for a three months' voyage of variety entertainment. Every Wednesday • evening commencing at 8.05 notables of stage and radio aie to be invited aboard the radio airwaves. Specially prepared interview's with members of tiie personnel of the Merchant Navy will outline the story of tiie
gallant fighting work being done by these men in bringing the necessary goods and supplies to the members of the fighting forces and to Britain’s superbly organized and courageous island fortress.
of
It's A. Dally Walk of Two or Three Miles
A
B
10 Kind of horse (pi.).
12	One of a party (suffix)
13	Maorian ISiU B supernatural |EME beings.
14	Flat plate of metal.
16 One who
CAR6lMN
erIIaVeII
L
Walking for health Is an excellent medicine for all ages. The Quobec Phyal tation claims that walking "cures .cold feet, hot heads, pale faces and bad tempers." Contained in a paiiTphlet are cited explanations why everyone should walk. Here they are:
"Bcause some form of exercise Is fundamental to health ; brisk circulation of blood, free ventilation of the body through the skin and free ventilation of the body by deep breathing are three great essentials for body health; to walk briskly two or three times a day In all but tiie severest weather Is one of the best Investments you can make in your personal health ; when you neglect to take some form of regular exercise you invite disease; few Canadians are taking sufficient exercise to keep thm really fit, because after a few years of office work, not person in 50 has even fairly good tone to the abdominal muscles which are so important.
"Inactive muscles hamper brain, intellect and imagination. In these difficult days we all need lncreas-
—o
I
I IL
JAPAN
On tiw subject of rauio humour, low of people think that the big comedians have a nice, comfortable, easy job life for them is little other than a parade of laughs. Far be it from that. By all standard», humour is juM about the most nerve-wracking job in all radio. To begin with, few of tiie bigtime comedian» write their own scripts. They depend upon "gag” writers to unearth the humour • . • and good "gag" few' and far between jokes don't register, tiie comedian is the fellow that take» the rap. One characteristic of most radio comedians is that in their private lives they're quiet, usually rather serious minded chaps. Humour to them is an act. And the fellow who trie» to be funny over the ether waves has one great disadvantage over the stage comedian. Comedians who appear before their audience» in the flesh depend a great deal upon their physical appearance and manner of personal delivery of their joke». It helps them to get their laugh» across. But the microphone is cold, and so is the loudspeaker at the receiving end. Barring a relatively small audience which is privileged to see tiis show in a broadcasting •tudio, the great air audience cannot see the comedian . . . and thereby he lose» a lot of his stock in trade
NUS SBB1N.E
GTjf TTgMN
nsiE lHTTsilia
TMi
cal Education Assoc
#, IT
¦
Nl
that
ST

34 Beasts.	VERTICAL
puts in pans. 38 Head	1 Draperies.
18 Small fruit covering.	2 Particle.
40 Type of wolf	3 Brag.
42 Disposed in	4 Silly.
a zigzag line. 5 Nova Scotia
21	Therefore. 44 Beverage.	(abbr.).
22	Ream	(abbr.).	45 Genus of	7 King's council
23	Male parent. plants (pi ).	8 Roman
47 Device for	highway.
holding work.	9 Family of
28 Editor (abbr.) 48 Softens in	herbs and
29Age	temper.	shrubs (bot). 43 Italian royal
30 Dawn (copib. 50 Religious 11 Indian	family
groups.	mulberry.	46	Print	measure
51	Long outer	14Pairs (abbr,). 49East Indian
gurment (pi.). 15 Minute	(abbr.)
52	Thoroughfare.	particle.	50 Street (abbr ).
tflùl
pie
19 Condition of strain.
Ood
writers are If their
24 Betel palm 27 Chooses.
the!
is not
anx
Many are the friends of Andy Clarke, who has piloted Neighbourly News over a long, smooth
Hia many admirers did not lack proof of their sincerity and sympathy when Mrs. Clarke passed to the Great Beyond on May fi last after a lengthy 111-nera
for rural and vurban Ontario in extending to Andy Clarke the sincere handclasp of sympathetic understanding.
form). 31 Cry of surprise 33 Perch.
Christ Our Example ‘For hereunto were >e called: because Christ also suffered for you. leaving you an example, that ye should follow his steps." The difference between Jesus Christ and ourselves is Indeed infinite; k is the difference between ths Creator and tho creature. And yet He is also truly Man; and for purposes of Imitation the truth of His Manhood is all that we require.
' Who did no sin, neither guile found in his mouth. Who, when he was reviled, reviled not a*aiii ; when he suffered, threatened not; hut eomraltteth himself to him that Judgeth righteously.1* Christ had met taunts and re Tilings with a silent patience and committed Himself to the righteous Judge. So should the slaves who suffered wrongfully commit their cause to God in the full assurance that they will one day have righteous Judgment.
"Who his own self bare our sins In hii body upon the tree, that we, having died unto sins, might live unto righteousness; by whose •tripes ye were healed." The words Imply that Christ, by His own act as well as by God’s appointment, bore our sin * in His own body— He made our sins Hie own. Many are convinced that "by whose ¦tripes ye are healed" refers to ths healing of all physical ailments through Christ's work upon the oss. But. we feel that those words refer To the healing of the soul with spiritual healing.
“For ye were going astray like tiiesp; hut are now returned un te tha Shepherd and Bishop of our ¦cols Their Is, perhaps, a special stress laid on Christ being the Shepherd of their souls. Their bodies might be subject to the power of their masters, but their higher nature, tbet which their true self, was s’tbject only io the loving cere at the Greet Shepherd.
course
I
Z
3
4
5
6	7
Ô
9
one
We know that we speak
IO
12
H
I
13
#4
IB
16
17
18
v
19
ZO
was
OUR RAD/O LOG
21
22
23
CKAC Monti eal 730k CRCR Waterloo 1490k CKrO Ottawa 1310k CKGB Timmins 1170k CKSO Sudbury 790k CKPC Brantford 1380k CKLW Windsor 800k f’KNX Wingham 920k CHEX Peter boro 1130k
V.9. STATIONS WE Bit Buffalo 1340k WHAM Rochester 1180k WLW Cincinnati 700k WGY Schenectady 810k KDKA Pittsburgh 1020k WBBM Chicago 780k WREN Buffalo 930k WUR Buffalo 550k WKIJW Buffalo 1530k WJR Detroit 760k
4 25
STATIONS 860k. CBL 740k 680k BY 1010k
L.S. NETWORKS
WEAF NBC. Red 660k WJZ. k.B.C. Blue 770k WARC WOR
CANADIAN STATIONS
CFOS Owen Sd. 1400k ÇKOV Hamilton 1150k CHML Hamilton 900k CKTR St. Cath. 1550k CFCF Montreal 660k CFCH North Bay 1230k ÇJC8 Stratford 1240k OKW8 Kingston 960k CF(X) Chatham 630k CFPL London 1570k
TORONTO CFRBê™ CKClJ
6
SHORT WAYS
OSH England 9.51m CISC England G8D England 11.75m USE England 11.86m GSG England 17.79m GSP England 15*31m EAR RAN RNE PRF5
WGEA Schenectady
15.33m
WCAB Phila. 15.27m
WCBX N. York 11.83m WRUL Boston 15.15m
27
9.68m
26
29
30
31 \32
33
34
(C.B.S)
(MBS.)
880k
710k
37
¦J
But these days they certainly make ths most of the studio audience. In fact, it's the etudio audience that makes the laughs in which the people listening In join. It’s no secret at right In front of, and scattered through the studio audience
36
39
Spain 9.48m Russia 9.60m Russia 12.00m Brazil 95.00m
40
41
4
43
44
45
46
47
4Ô
45
50
51
2
POP—Pop’s Some Cook
By J. MILLAR WATT
YES' THIS STUFF DEFIES THE LAW OF GRAVITY
ANY
COMPLAINTS

HOW
ITS AS HEAVY AS LEAD -
-AMD WON'T 60 DOWN
?
9
%
Q
i
I
h'\
/ft
(


M
I
F
I


i








6

*





Hi
im
i



T 1
Ae.tfsted
The 3
8/6
r
9
###PAGE###3###
¦

m
WW

ALEUTIAN ARENA: Shadows of a Coming Offensive
Modern Etiquette

W *
; mû
By Roberta Lea
¦KHtMijé

SOVIET RUSSIA


1

1.	Is it permissible to examine the various dishes on a cafeteria counter before certain one?
2.	Isn't it a mark of good breeding when a stranger who is asked a question extends a courteous reply?
3.	How should a girl announce her engagement if her father is dead?
4.	Should a bride write a personal letter of thanks for each wedding gift she receives?
5.	Should one ever refuse to make introductions unless it is absolutely impossible to escape doing so?
6.	What is the proper way for a woman to thank a man who has given her his scat in a street car or bus?
iibwrne
McPherson»
VaMovîIi#
ALASKA

I

ting a
ci
y
r

• Jht
°'"-,

A4coi» htghwoy speeds woi matériels fer U $. Ue#Aoib#etd offensives
//> a mild., coo/.^k00^
sweet smoke

iM
Vetvei
r
FAIRBANKS
} *C+w*eW	j
..o
¦

i
*S»'


.0
:
DAWSON®


H

Mi.



S»
iHlH*
Cited bu.Minf \M£ >, where enemy L.t; ce wg. driven F j lyUTS.oHackiy
GROWN IN SUNNY, SOUTHERN ONTARIO


V
i
Hr***»

ÎO
• Ah Mi
Volées ]
iCorNvt
ANC
1

l^and worker» in nearly 3,000 villages In England are buying 900,000 meat pie* a week.
t
.

and probably the beet and easiest way to do this is to write each night before she retiras, acknowledging e/ery gift she receives that day. 6. No; one who , feels thin way about introductions will find it diffciult to get along well socially. 6. All that ia necessary ia to smile and thank



pound if be ses, Risks hit 200
4#
'::f "Si
z
»1dôviv


Claiming it has enough at home, Panama has banned the importation of rice.
Briitol
B®P
w *
»

A* I.

*
New U. $.
* & Aiaiktf


ANSWERS
1. Yes, if it can be dene with a glance, but one should not finger the saucer*, or be conspicuous in selecting one that seems to be the largest. 2. Yes, decidedly so. A well-bred person la always courteous in his manner of speech. Am the old proverb says, "Civil, obliging language cost but little, and doth a great deal of good. 3. The engagement should be announced in her mother'* name. 4. Yes;

a#
•t
Chemical Dyes are hard to
obtain
Make your own
îlîlj
as»
.	''Uiitt.ü* «
tunislamds
â
ïtt
Porbvi
W,. ! -
him.
'<
m
j © Ï S Iou] 1 * Jep Pott 1
¦
VEGETABLE DYES
Pacific Ocean
Livestock Lost
from Parka, Weeds, perries
Fruit


To Seoffle 1000 miles
#m wenh
Scale of Mlles
Livestock In enemy-occupied Allied countries le estimated to have greatly decreased, there being a reduction of 11.000,000 cattle. * 000.000 horses, 12,000,000 pigs and 11.000.000 sheep since the war started.
by Douglas Tl.man, Ph D. National Museum, Ottawa


m
300
enemy kareli?
Signs of a summer offensive in the North Pacific are seen as a new U. S. air base 60 milot from Jap-held Kiska is revealed and American planes and ships hit enemy in the Aleutians with increased
vigor Map rounds up resent actions in the area west of Alaska. .

.33 po*t|ittl4
from four Bookseller or Tke Oifrrd tftlvfrallf I'rmi
480 Unlve

ty Art., Toiont

Quartz crystals are used in microphones, and as electric filters and oscillators.* The so-called piezoelectric quartz crystal vibrates as an electric charge on its surface oscillates. The constancy of the rate of vibration is remarkable. It is more constant than the pendulum on a high grade astronomical clock. A crystal of good quality kept at a constant temperature will not vary two seconds in ten days. It is this reliability that makes it essential as an electric oscillator.
Have Y ou Heard?
How Can I ? ?
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS

By Anne Ashley
HAVE YOU HEARD?
Visitor (in defense plant) : “Look #t that youngster, Lfce one with the cropped hair, the cigarette and trousers on. It's hard to tell whetli-lt's a boy or a girl.’*
War Worker: “She's a girl and •he's my daughter.'*
Visitor: “My dear, do forgive me. I would never have been eo outspoken if 1 had known you were her father.’*
War Worker: "I'm not her father, I’m her mother."
aukSts waatbd
211 RSKS WANTED
Q. How can I keep a piece of wallpaper for future use and make it fade the same as that on the wall?
A. After papering a room, take a piece of leftover wallpaper and tack it in the attic where it is exposed to light and air. If sometime in the future a patch is needed you will have a piece that ia the same' color as the paper of the room.
Q. How can I protect the birds when using the bird bath, and there are cate in the neighborhood?
A. it ia a good idea to place the bird bath near a tree if cats are around, as a bird cannot fly far while its feathers are wet.
Q. How can I wash feather, pillows?
A. The feather pillows should be washed on a windy day, ae the wind will not only dry the feathers quickly but will give them a good stirring.	,
Q. How can I lessen the time when cooking in the double boiler?
A. If the water in the bottom -pan gets low, use boiling water when refilling it. If cold water is used the food will take much longer to cook.
Q. How can I prevent rust on towels caused by hanging them on nails?
A. Give all the nails and hooks on which damp towels or cloths are hung a good coat of enamel, whatever color is In harmony with the wall or room. They will be much more attractive and will also prevent rust.
«EU» WANTED
WE HAVE SUBSTANTIAL KAKN-ing opportunity for housewives and other women who want to earn but unable to devote time to office or factory work. Avon Products of Canada Limited, 1016 flt. Alexander Street, Montreal.
WANTED IMMEDIATELY FOLK general duty nursep. Apply Superintendent. Bowmans Hie Hospital, Buwmanviile. Ontario.
OPPORTUNITY
PATENTS
F ET HE UHTUN HA UGH Patent Solicitor#.
& COMPANY Established U'JU; 14 King West, Toronto. Booklet of Information on request.
FOR GIRLS AND WOMEN TO HELP OUR WAR EFFORT
ALTO MO IULE»—I »ED
UHED CARS WITH GOOD TIRES. See uh first. Mount Pleasant Motors Limited. Used <*ar Ix>t at 2040 Yonge Street; Head Office, 632 Mount Pleasant Road, Toronto. Telephone HY. 2181.
PATENT» AMU TRADE MARK’*
WAITRESSES
The Safest Place In Thunderstorm
INVENTORS FREELY ADVISED how to protect inventions. Egqr-ton JR. Case, 82 Balaam Are., Toronto. Established over forty years.	_____
In a New York court, “Action by one Bologna against one Weiner to compel specific performance of contract," elicited this from the Judge: "I nevqr sausage a case.”
CAFETERIA WORKERS
ALTO PARTS
NEW AND USED PARTS FUR ALL makes of cars and trucks. Complete automobile machine shop service. General Auto Supply, 12 Frederick St., Kitchener, Ontario.
Closing Windows Will Not Keep Out Lightning
TRAIN FOR Nl RNKt
DISHWASHERS
APPLICATION8	ARE INVITED
for girls who desire to train for nurses. September 1943. Cornwall General Hospital, Cornwall, Ont.
Electrical chargea accumulate In clouds, positive at the top, negative on the bottom, states Time Magazine. A spark bursts through the air to another cloud or to the earth—lightning. First comes a faint leader stroke, then a huge discharge builds upward from the earth. The slender core (about the thickness of a finger) explodes into a column of fire much greater in diameter. As this heated air cools and contracts, other air rushes In to fill the space. This sudden disturbance makes the thunderclap.
Destruction comes from the speed of the discharge, not the total amount of electricity; the quantity of electricity in an average thunderbolt would be worth only a few cents if tamed and metered.
Avoiding drafts, closing doors and windows will not keep out lightning. It la moat likely to hit the chimney. Safest place in the house: the middle of a downstairs room.
Telephones are not unsafe in a thunderstorm. The crackling and tinkling are caused by induction
charges.
Thick woods are safe enough, but Isolated tree# are bolt-catch-era. Since they are poor conductors, lightning may take the easier way through humans standing
WANTED
UAMV CHICK»
Two farmers of the old school stood at the corner of a street in â large town the othér day when a tody passed by dressed In the height of fashion.
“There, John" said one, “what's think of that, lad, eh?”
John eyed her for a full minute, and then maid: “Ay, Will, It’s bad nd that takes so much topsing."
H Y tilt IDS FUR EXTRA VIGOUR
ular purebred*. Complete ages. Fair view Farms.
Good living accommodations under proper supervision.
PHOTOGRAPHY
also
mil _	_
8L Mar)*, Ontario.

DON’T TRUDGE THROUGH
LEGHORN COCKERELS ARE JUST the thing for meat-rationed markets. Some for Immediate deliv-Don’t delay, early July
The Heat, llwln. er Hall
Apply with Medical Certificate Nearest Employment & Selective Service Office
Refer H.O. 374
HAVE YOUR SNAPS
ery.
chick» fchould be ordered now. Also some pullet» for late May. Thla la the year for full-speed production—order to the full capacity of your equip Hatchery, 130 John N Ont.
Delivered bj Mall
Any b or H exposure film perfectly developed and printed for only 26c Supreme quality i guaranteed.

E
and fast service
ment. Cray Hamilton,
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
—o—
“Doe# your husband worry about the grocery bill7”
“No; he says there's no sense In both himself and the grocer worrying over the same bill."
Station J, Toi.'oto
COOK —GENERAL FOR ADULT family of three, id modern apartment, own room and bath. No washing. Splendid position and good wage». Apply Mrs. XV. Goodeve, "Headley” Apt. 2,	262
fiy den ham tit reef, London. Unt
WARRIORS AND WAR WORKERS muet eat. Don't take risky when
hick». The Allied alls on—both in our muni-
F1LMS DEVELOPED 26c COIN
Two prmta from each negative. Réprima 2c each. Montresl Photo, PO. Box 160, Station F, Montreal.
you buy tack
lions plant# and on tho fighting front. Meat and many other commodities are getting scarce. Raise all the chickens and produce all the egg» you can. Canada need* them. Rut, be sure you get the right start. We're In the hatchery business for keep». Every breeder we use le of Government Approved stock from bloodteeted breeder». Order June and July chicks now. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
-*o—
He determined to pass by Üi» favorite tavern on his way home.
he approached It he bocame somewhat shaky, but, after plucking up courage, he passed on. Then after going about 50 yards be turned and said to himself: •Well done, Pat, my boy. Come back and I'll t/eat ye."
PHOTOGRAPH1
FARU FOR SALE •
MAIL SNAPSHOTS TO MEN IN SERVICE
FARM. 76 ACRES CLEARED, 26 bush, practically no stumps or •tunes
•tunes, «olid brick huuse. wall barn, metal root, drive ebed, good well, trout stream, rural mall. To close estate. Mrs. tiaiah Evens, Executrix, Victoria Harbour, Ontario.	__________
tiuu Snapshot Service operate» Canada s largest pnoto finishing studio. Volume business enable# us to operate at lowest c< at. Our customers get the benefit of lower prices. And they get photos they are proud of. Try ue with your next film roll.
Anjf Size Roll—6 or 2 Exposures
DEVELOPED AND PRINTED 25 a
Free Souvenir with Each Order.
A customer at Campbellton, N.B . writes; "We tried a number or places before trying Star Snapshot Service. We recomme-.d your work and have given your name to a number of people. You >1 be getting orders from thêm.” You'll like our quality work and prompt service, too.
BLACKBERRIES
FOR VALE
HIMAItA YAN EVERBEARING Blackberries. Prolific and hardy. 4 for $1.00 prepaid. A. Klein, Agassiz, B.C.________________________
WHAT SCIENCE IS DOING
TEAM OF PERCHERON GELDIngs rising 4 years. Broken, uuiet; weight about 2GVV I be. W. Keyes, R.R. No. 2 Orillia, 4 miles from Orillia on Culdwater Road._
Clerk: “My I have the afternoon off to go shopping with my wife ?"
Bose: “Certainly not."
* Clerk:	“Thank you very
much."
COINS
ANTIQUE COINS BOUGHT AND •old. 128 Nelson Street, Kingston, Ontario.
PASTURE WANTED
Quart* Crystals
Number one strategical mineral problem in the United States at present ia a domestic source of supply of quartz crystals suitable for radio equipment and other electrical use» in the war effort, says Science Service, adio is the life line of the armed forces. Battle movement» of soldiers, sailors and air forces depend upon it. Dependable instruments in which crystals are used must have crystals of the finest quality.
Brazil and other South American countries are the sources of the present supply. In the United States there are plenty of quartz crystal deposits, but satisfactory crystal» for electrical uses had not been developed from them in pre-war days.
Not all quartz crystals, regardless of their general resemblance, are usable in electrical work. They must be first cut, then carefully tested in well-equipped laboratories for theii electrical properties. To be - usable, they should be at least an inch in diameter and over two niches long. They should be clear, and free from fractures and discolorations.
WANTED FEW RELIABLE FA idlers who have good Pasture and
aeture and .look after bunches of young cattle for summer, for cash, paid monthly. Also for keeping sheep, the year round, on of Increase.
Office
DESIGNERS WANTED
accommodation to
?
TU ea ttiere'B the story of the weary looking woman who herded Un children on the street oar, and was asked by the mo tor man If there were all her offspring or If * was a picnic.
"Yes," she snapped, "they're #11 nd it's no picnic!"
LEARN
r
DRAFTING, CANADIAN Industry needs designers for war and postwar planning. Write Guild of Mechanical Design, 71 King St. W., Toronto.
*
percentages fully; Poet
S MOUNTED ENLARGEMENTS %lj
81xe 4x6” In Beautiful Easel Mounts *
Enlargements coloured by hand for 4 small additional charge.
STAR
Box 129, Postal Terminal A, Toronto
Print your name and address plainly on ail orders.
Write Box 676 Toronto.
A
r OINTMENT \
DETECTIVE COURSE
HAIRDRESSING SCHOOL
SNAPSHOT
.VICE
BECOME A DETECTIVE. MEN over 16 wanted everywhere In Canada to learn detective work. Practical easy course by correspondence. information free. C. M Julien, Box 26, Station T, Montreal
LEARN HAIRDRESSING THE Rjbertaun method. Information on request regarding classes. Robertsons Hairdressing Academy, 117 Avenue Road. Toronto.
mine

“I'm handling this plane pretty well, Instructor.”
"Yes, Juet keep It up.”
:
At USING COURSE
i*9 Burns. Sores. Gufs.Etc.
HAlll GOODS
\
DYKING A CLEANING
APPLICATIONS ARE INVITED BY Grace Hospital School of Nurj-¦ÉBBI21 months* i
apply Si .
, Grace Hosplt-
Only firm in Canada manufacturing ladles' and gentlemen's hair goods exclusively. Write i 1er a.
Bicycling Yank
Chats With King
HAVE YOU ANYTHING NEEDS dyeing or cleaning? Write to es for information. We are glad to answer your questions. Department H. Parker's Dye works Limited. 7»1 Yocge Street. Toronto.
log.
ther Infof mation, tendent of Nurses al, Ottawa.
ill -
ue for partlcu-
HOW TO RELIEVE
WHITE'S HAIR GOODS
PILE TORTURE
Sto longe St* Toronto, Ontario
À young corporal, American soldier of a year’s army training at home and in England, was doing a little “pre-fightnig” on his bike on a recent Sunday afternoon. He met with three friend' folk
TRACTOR PART'S
QUICKLY AND EASILY
LIVESTOCK REMPIRES
LECTRIC MILK COOLERS
•1
TRACTOR PARTS NEW AND used, for all make# of tractor». General Auto and Tractor Supply, 11 Frederick ML. Kitchener. Ont.
It you are troubled with ilemng piles or rectal soreness, do not delay treatment and run the risk of letting this condition become chronic. Any Itching or soi cnees or pale t u I passage of stool ia nature's warning and proper treatment should be secured at once.
For this purpose get a package of Hem-Roid from any druggist and use as directed. This formula which is used Internally Is a small, easy to take tablet, will quickly relieve the Itching and soreness and aid In healing the more tender spots. Hem-Hold Is pleasant to use, Is highly recommended and It seems the height of folly for any one to risk a painful and chronic pile condition when such a fine remedy be had at such a small cobl you try Hem-Rold end are not ly pleased with the results, druggist will gladly return
RED BLUUD QUICKLY TABLETS stop White diarrhoea In chicks, Turkey poults, also calf scours and pig scours, costs fe chick, lc poult, 10c pig, 60c calf. Trial sample $1.00; guaranteed result» or money back. ft. A Finn & Co. Limited, London, Ontario.________
ELECT
and i
RIC MILK COOLERS, NEW
___used, wholesale or retail. R.
Adams 246 Kennedy Road, Toronto 18.	_________
TEAU1IER WANTED
man, a woman and 17-year-old daughter.
Wrote hoi, e the thrilled young Yankee: “It waa the King, the Queen and Princess Elizabeth, eut for a stroll. The Queen spoke #o me, and I stopped. We had a very nice conversation, and informai,
t;
FARM WANTED
ENGLISH-SPEAKING PROTET, taut teacher, male or female, fit Grade# 1 to tirades 8, qualilied also to teach French. Salary $1250.00 per school year p,ue furnished private residence. Apply to Allan XV. Perkins. Sec.-Trear, Pascal!* Protestant School Board, Perron. Quebec.
Farm with lake front,
buildings Immaterial, suitable for summer camp. Partly bush. Cash. 84 Kendal Avehue, Toronto.
MEDICAL
REMEDIES—PALOVA Pile». $1.00 with
NATURE'S Balsam for money back guarantee and Breen-atone for Arthritis and Rheum-
$1.00. In-118. Van-
1NSTRI'MKgTSt WANTED
HAND & ORCHESTRA INSTRV-ments not in inre may be turned into cash. Send full particulars to Whaley Royce & Company, 316 Yonge Street, Toronto, Ont

a 11 * in. Months eu dlun Remedies, ; couver.
R HE I M ATI 1C PAINS
«6 S’S 8 < '
no one else was
*
HIGH Y RE< »M M EN DEI sufferer of Rheumatic Pain# Neuritis >h'-il,l r i > 1 >i wn's R< i\|-edy. Munro's Drug Store. gin, Ottawa. Pont paid $1.(
TV EI LY
They were very interested to know where I came from, how I liked England and the people, snd if I had made assay friends. They ere grand , and we had quite a few The Queen has s grand personality, sad is juet Mke you
“tf
DON'T WAIT—EVERY tiUFFER-•r of Rheumatic Paine or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Munro’s Drug Store, 816 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
SIMM) nd.
a ! I
FEATHERS WANTED
entlrel your your
W
irl V,i:

WILL PAY THE FOLLOWING prices for Goose and Duck feathers: Goose feathers, 68c lb.: Duck feathers, 48c lb. Canada Comforter Co. Limited, 736 Dundas 8L Bast. Toronto, Ont. ______
I'B 5-
money.
à
TR ACTORS W ANTED
WANTED — TRACTQlM wrecking, all four els under three ton XVendover, Ont.
TAPEWORM
• 1 ?
people,
Bug*».
cymfger
in"
STOMACH AND THREAD WORMS often are the cause of Ill-health In humans all ages No one immune! Why not find out If this 1» your trouble? Interesting particulars—Free! Write Mulveney'e Remedies, Specialists, Toronto 3, Ont
1
IDDLE-AGE)
WOMEN (2%)
%%

FOOT BALM
her In the newsreels. I w
» A
5
F
BAIMEEKA FOOT BALM destroys offensive odor Instantly, 46c bottle. Ottawa agent, Denman Drug Store. Ottawa.______________________
, don’t yen think
very #ertu
CASE HA Y I# J $7 t.i. Wfjts good work«kh: rUi^'9. dfflltfrlowPu
jOSTSU* »
Ml
HEED THIS AD VI CE 11
If you're, cross, restless. NERVOUS— suffer hot flashes, dizziness—caused by this period in a woman's Ilf try Lydia E. Pinkham'e Vegetable Compound. Made especially for women. Hundreds of thousands remarkably helped. Follow label directions. Made in Canada.
: %
Housewives Help
ard S
FENCE POSTS WANTED
4
NURSERY STOCK
Si
¦8
hol.se,‘>;B< 6bTO.VfHT6bX 1m all
a.-. , are	i«ral»tl*t$i.a. adjF
A
?$*¦%
T fVL------
&
% $
100,000 NORTHERN cedar fence posts. Write
U W. Johnson ¦¦¦Mich.
WANTED white
quoting prices, and Fun. Cedar Springs
TREE AND BUSH FRUITS, EVER-
Shade Tree*. Shruns. Perennials. Rock Plants, catalogue and fruit list.
By carrying her shopping home

\\ 3
%
greens.
Vines,
Free
Niagara Nurseries, tit. Catharine*, Ont
r
*
MÉ
uf
C*w
ISSUE No. 21-43
vo
S
F

P

E
rd »,


###PAGE###4###

THE EQUITY
iHt TO*CN
°' ,
o*


For the Man who lilies his Clothes to
look right its FRASER'S
Shawville May 27th l94î>
o
v
o
o

?
I f
*
South Onslow School Commissioners
V
v
6

May I7tbt 1943
A meeting of the School Commission-of South Onslow was held on the above date st the usual place of meeting. Present: Athol Inglee, chairman and a full Board of Comrs,
On motion of Coiur. MacKechnie,
were
Young Wien’s Sport Tweeds
Well tailored, smartly styled reasonably priced
Donegals
Herringbones
Checks
Brown, grey, green and fawn shades in two and three button models

A
fl
4
l
era
• 1
*
A
I'
the Minutes of last meeting adopted as read.
inspector C. W. Dickson met with
the Board.
Motion by Comr. MavKechnie, that this Board procure 3 new teacher's desks and a number of desks, and a slate blackboard for No, 4 school, size 3$ x 4 ft.
On motion of Comr. Voole the following bills were ordered paid viz:
Earl Clarke at No. 4.
J Bradley, 2 years wood No 3
On motion of Comr. Westbrook the meeting then adjourned.
Jo>. A. Stksli ¦
Scc-Trea»
9
(
»

\
*

a. A
1
7
ITT

4
•
f




.. $ 16 00 79 00
$21.30
f
\
K



*
and $25.00
\
Laboratory Wanted by Royal Canadian Air Force
i
HATS
W=
Immediate enlistment can be offered in the Royal Canadian Air Force to both male and female laboratory assistants.
r


!
I.
A
we

Applicants who have studied bacteriology or have had hospital experience are particularly desirable.
If you are physically fit, experienced in this trade and between the ages of 18 and 45, offer your services now at the R. C. A. F., Recruiting Centre, 132 Queen Street, Ottawa, Ontario, or at the Mobile Recruiting Voit which will be at the Council Chambers, Renfrew, on June 10th, 2 p. m. to 5 p. in.
'* •

i


.


A MORGAN Hat to match your suit


$3.95 and $5.00
?
V
Ww
> . C^ctine (j/othina and tnberdasnenj far men and
Farming
Borrowing for
~ Jm
ety Mt men and &cuys
Farmers all over Canada—grain growers, stock raisers, dairymen, fruit growers, vegetable gardeners, poultry-men—all kinds of farmers—arc forcing production, fighting hard early and late to supply the enormous quantities of products demanded in the greatest of all wars.
In this “survival war" food plays a tremendous part, and the farmer is the dependable supplier, to
whom armed forces and civilians alike must look. The extra demands on farm production mean extra financing. The Bank of Montreal, ready always to cooperate w ith sericulture, is making special efforts at this time to help the farmer produce food for Canada and the United Nations.
If you need to borrow, sec our nearest branch manager, who will understand your problems.
Milk Can Troubles Eradicated
!
Farmers have been having their milk
The Wartime
'•an troubles lately.
Prices and Trade Board have taken the matter in hand, however, and the quota for manufacture of milk cans has been set at 110 per cent of 1940 production.
This quota existed in 1942. although only about 100 per cent was produced. Since the January production this year was equal to the combined production of the first three months of last year, the situation promises to be more en-
N,f?.Horner’s old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE
BANK OF MONTREAL
"A BANK WHERE SMALL ACCOUNTS ARE WELCOME"
MODERN, EXPERIENCED BANKING SERVICE.....the Outcome of 12) Years1 Successful Oferatiaa

couragmg.
Dairy farmers throughout Canada help by seeing that their milk cans are kept in constant use for the carrying of milk, ami not used for holding water or maple syrup, or put to some other use around the farm.
Although the demand has been increased, the output is being fairly distributed, and W,1\T,B. officials say it is expected all requirements will h ive been met by the end <*f May.
TIME for REPAIRS
van
SAVE
Shaw ville Branch: G. A. McDOlJGALL, Manager
• • #
far Victory
During the Winter time to look over
months is the your equipment
and have the necessary repairs made. Materials may be difficult to later in the
1*7 #
procure
Annual Legume Hay for Protein
Most farmers can gr w their own protein feeds, concentrates and supplements. Good quality of legume hay will help to offset the short «ge r»t mill feeds and grain required for high production livestock. Perennial and biennial legumes such as alfalfa, red clover, alsike and sweet clover are fairly widely adapted and are grown for this purpose. But it may be tint sufficient acreage of these species is ivt available for this year’s requirements, says F. 8. Nowosid, Central Experimental Farm, Ottawa.
There are very few annual legumes that may be used for hay. Soybeans, | peas and vettjies, and annual sweet clover are the only true annual legume species seeded, while biennial sweet clover may he sometimes used m mix times with other species h r annual hay.
Peas at 50 pounds mixed with oats at 1, to l and a half bushels to the acre is widely used in the Maritime Provinces and in parts of Quebec and < >ntario., Chancellor and O. A. V. 181 pegs are | recommended, The oats for this pimpose should be rust resistant. Sow | Vanguard oats if stem rust occurs or Erban if leaf rust is common.
If harvesting oats and peas h r hay it is important to cut the crop when the oats are in the milk stage. Oats, peas and vetch are also used for hay. The recommended rate* are one and a half bushels of oats, 1 bushel of peas and 30 pounds of vetch per acre
A mixture ol oats at two bushels and sweet clover at 15 pounds per acre makes good hay if cut when oats are in *he milk stage. In some areas the
• ,	. rebutes considerable
hay is more '’’he after-
1
year.
NATIONAL SELECTIVE SERVICE
Second Compulsory Employment
Transfer Order
We still have in stock a few articles i
in
enamelware
DALE’S TINSHGP
Notice to ('priain Employers and Employees
that men In »perified line* of civilian employment, in clauses already designated under National Selective Service Mobilization Regulation*, report for interview not later than June 13th, 1943, at an Employment and
Selective Service Office.
must
TIM SMITHS and PLUMBERS
A. Objective : This Second Order makes widower *inre Jaly 13, 1940, and Is
available for essential employment* the scr- *iihout child or children now living;
vice* of men in classe* already designated («0 every man Wn from 1902 to 1916
under National Selective Servie#Mobilization Oudusivo) who. since July 15, 1940, has
been divorced or judicially separated.
9
J. Authority : This Order if issued by the Minister of Labour under National Selective Service Civilian Regulations (PC 246 of January 19th. 1941. and amending Orders in Couhcil).

Regulations, who arc now employed in specified non-essential employments.
D. Procedure to be Followed: All men as
iSiifii Siipsg ppIee
tion in the operation of Ice cream parlour* F. OBLIGATIONS OF EMPLOYERS: It , r* ,	, candy, confectionery, to-
rn»,i »«Hb fountains; (6) any of the follow- will be illegal for an employer to retain in ***** hooks’ t,Jfinery, W«w; (J) AarW Ing oerupaiions:	bus boy»; rharmen hi» employ after June ISth, 19 S3, any men shoP* *”J beauty parlours; (4) retail and
ar. I Heaner»; eu «tom furriers; dancing referred to in Paragraph* IS and C above, wholesale florists; (5) senile stations (gaso-learhcr*; ilith va*her»; doormen and unless a special permit ha» been obtained line-filling stations); (6) retail sale of starter»; green» keeper»; ground* keepers; from Selective Service. f»ort«T» (other than in railway train service) ; private chauffeurs.
For Beautiful
Cemetery Memorials
motor
w,-u	sale of
C. Transportation: Provision will be made sporting goods or tnusical instruments; (3) for transportation of men moved to a new waiter, taxi driirr, elevator operator, hotel C. ACE AND MARITAL CLASSES OF place of residence.	bell boy, domestic servant; (9) any occupa-
E### passas ###
wa» unmarried, or divorced or judicially . _	.	D , .	occupation tn or drrfitly associated icstb
separated, or a widower without child or *• Penalties, Penalties arc provided for dyeing, cleaning, and pressing (not mcludmg children; (r) every man born from 1902 **thcr employer or employees failing to laundry work); baths; guide service; six* to 1916 (inclusive) who has become a comply with this Order
Write or phone
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
Phone, 278
shining.
Men referred to above must present document» at the employment office,
indicating compliance with Mobilisation Regulations


•MPtiazr Mitchell,
A. MacNamula, Director
National Selective Service
Minister of Labour
ESTABLISHED 1883
W-3
INVALID
COACH
GEO. HYNES & SON
Wanted
I
Teachers Wanted
Teachers Wanted
Protestant teacher* with Elementary	-	. „ . . . »	.
or Intermediate Diplom**, for Hohool	* *n qualified I roteetant^ teachers, for
term. 1943-44. Minimum salary 180.00	8cho°l Corporation. Silary
I>er month. Apply, staling experience vSO.OO per month. Duties to com-and qualifications, to	mence Sept. 1st, 1943. Apply to
Leigh McConnell
Sec. Treas. Ay 1 win School Board, No. 1
Kazubaziia, Que.
a holding Quebec iaa, for Thorne $70 per month. <ep[ 1st, 1943. Ap-
RKTZLAFF, lysmith, Que.
i
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
CzShawville Oue.
-% I
ANGUS WALLACE, Secretary, LasceMes. Quebec.
z
Phone 80
i


###PAGE###5###

4
\
»- ¦. ¦ ¦-
s
Look Here
MAY SPECIALS
from the
For Sale, Want*, Found,
Lost, etc,
v*--
SBLBCTIVB
NATIONAL
M


FOR SALK—One Range stove in good condition, good baker. Apply to Perley Richardson, R. 1, Rhawville, Phone *3-33.

A
SERVICE

DRY GOODS DEPT.
Freedom’s Fires Must Be
Fed Our COAL!
FOR SALK—One cook stove, suitable for Summer Ki’chen. Apply to Mrs Lionei Thomson1 Shaw ville.
'
Dexter Booth and Shoes— The shoes that you have been looking for. These shoes are among the leading lines in Canada, and backed by an unqualified — rantee. A size and «vidth tor every
___See your local Dexter agent,
Kenneth Jvdd, Shawville, (jue,

Women’s Everyday Cotton Hose, colors, sand and beige, all sizes...........................
Women’s Heavy Quality Rayon Hose, new shades, 8$ to 10$..............................
Women’s Rayon Silk Special, many new colors, sizes, 8$ to 10$.......................
Children's Sockees, all colors and sizes
Women's Semi-Service and Chiffon Hose, full fashioned
Boys’ Fancy Polo Shirts, small, medium and large
Men’s Fancy Polo Shirts, small, medium and large
Men’s All White Sleeveless Sweaters small, medium and large...............................
Men’s Heavy 8 oz White Duck Overalls, sizes up to 44
Men’s Blue Denim Pants. 36 to 44
c
ÀNADIANS must dig and deliver coal that we may sail convoys, power vital war plants, keep our railroads rolling, preserve the nation’s health!
25c
guar
root.
)
The real mining industry
inere and management alik have done wonders to provide coal, but they need help. More workers must be provided, or we falter—possibly fail—In this grim hour. Nature has been generous hut we must help ourselves. Our mines are rich, but undermanned. By Proclamation, His Excellency the Governor General in Council has declared that labour supply for coal mines ranks as a national emergency. Further, in order to provide power for coal, the Governor in Council has issued an Order in Council aimed at swelling the flow of roal from mine to fi repot.
49c
»
4L,
FOR SALE—Twenty bags of Green Mountain potatoes. Apply to Thos. A. Orr. Weirstead, Que.
35c
/.
20c
man-
HOUSES TO RENT- The 8am Armstrong house and garden at the East end of Shawville; also house on No. 8 Highway, two miles East of tiry-For further particulars apply to Sam Hamilton, Bryson, Que.
75c to $1,00
IIih Order is of vital interest to everyone in Canada. Every Canadian should read and study its provisions, to see whether it demands any action on his part:
son
WANTED— To buy a comfortable home in the village of Shawville. Apply at Thk Equity, Shawville, Que.
49c to 69c
1 EVERY EMPLOYER, REGARDLESS * OF HIS INDUSTRY, must advise his employees of these Regulations, and he must assist in discovering whether any of his employees have had previous experience as coal mine workers.
EVERY EMPLOYEE, REGARDLESS OF IIIS INDUSTRY, who has had previous experience os a roal mine worker, must report that fart to his employer not later than Tuesday,
May 25th, 1943.
A “COAL MINE WORKER" FOR
THESE PURPOSES is anyone who, since January 1st, 1935, has worked under provincial certificate or licence in or around a coal mine, or who, since the some date, has been employed for a total of at least 24 months in the production of coal (except a! office work).
EVERY EMPLOYER, NOT A COAL MINE OPERATOR, must report in writing to a Selective Service Officer not later than Tuesday, June 1st, 1943, full details on any of his employees who are ex-coal mine workers.
SELECTIVE SERVICE OFFICERS
ARE Al ! HONl/ED to require ex-coal mine workers to report for interview and to a crept work at a coal mine.
SELECTIVE SERVICE OFFICERS MAY REQUIRE any man in any employ nient, if subject to Mobilization Regulations but rejected for Military Training, and certain others excused from Vlilitury Training, to accept ploymenl at a coal mine.
NO COAL MINE OPERATOR
terminate the services of any roal mine worker without written permission from a Selective Service Officer.
12 NO COAL MINE WORKER may leave ** employment at a coal mine without written permission from a Selective Service Officer.
O EVERY EX-COAL MINE WORKER,
^ returning to the industry under these Regulations, will be paid wages at the established rate for the job at which he is placed ; and the Government will pay wages of 40 rents an hour, 8 hours a day and 48 hours a week, to any ex-coal mine worker required to leave his present employment under these provisions, but not placed immediately at coal mining.
A BOARD ALLOWANCE of not more
than II7.30 a week may be paid an ex-eoal mine worker now returning to a roal mine, if required to live away from the residence of his dependents.
PRESENT AND FLTl RE COAL MINE
WORKERS will be granted postponement from Military Training to February 1st, 1944, by virtue of their occupation; and no coal mine worker will be accepted for voluntary enlistment in the Armed Forces of Canada, prior to February 1st, 1944. except under permit to enlist from a Selective Service Officer.
NO EMPLOYER IN CANADA, EX CEPT A COAL MINE OPERATOR,
may solicit for employment or hire any ex-coal mine worker.
REGARDLESS OF ANY DOMINION OR PROVINCIAL LAW', male persons at least 16 years old may be employed as coal mine workers, and female persons at least 18 years old may be employed as surface roal mine workers.
WAR EMERGENCY TRAINING
CLASSES will be available for training men as roal mine workers.
Such is the substance of the new regulation*. Full detail* may he had at any Employment and Selective Service Office. 1/ these provision* require action on your part, you are urged in the national interest to art immediately. Severe penalties are provided for non-compliance, hut the Government relies on the co-operation of the citizens of Canada to make prosecution unnecessary by prompt action as required.
This is a grace emergency. Assist if you can.
••••••
69c to $1.15
FOR SALK— Fordson Tractor, in good running order, will exchange for cows. Reasonably priced. Apply to Gordon Robitaille, R. 1, Shawville. Phone 10-24.
2
$1.00
FOR SALE—A Maxwell hay loader, in good repair. Apply to M. R Mo-Quire, R. 2, Shawville, phone 20-31.
$1.95
3
####
$1.85
10
FOR SALE—A quantity of Banner oats. Apply to Claude Elli tt Shawville. l*hone 34-40,
FOR SALE—One Frost and Wood 23 spring tooth cultivator, in good con-Apply to Melvin Stewart, 1 ai y land, phone 23 43.
11
4
Î
ition
GROCERY DEPARTMENT
FOR SALE—One 5 year old driving horse, weigh between 1200 and 1300 lbs. Sound and quiet. Apply to Herman Ballastynk, Maryland Que. Phone 23-32.
5
30c
Fresh Figs, per pound ....
Aylmer Canned Grapefruit, generous jar .............
Cheddar House Cheese, lb...
12
60c 39c
Sugar Substitute, per bottle 60c
— Equal to 20 pounds of sugar —
Folium, better than steel wool 15c
«
FOR SALE - One iron bed and sprir.g; kitchen table; wash stand; Quebec heater and a number of chairs. App’y to Mrs. Edna Young, Shawville.
13
cm-
7
may
FOR SALE—One Primrose Cream Separator, in good running order. Apply to Wm. Graham, Maryland, Que. Phone 23-41.
14
FARM FOR SALE
A complete variety of
Lot No. 4 on 9th concession of the township of North Onslow, being 100 acres heavy clay loatr, 30 acres wooded-chiefiy elm ; never failing Neck ; high, way on west and south sides ; splendid dairy farm ; brick dwelling with water at dour ; good frame outbuildings in good repair. Apply to
Field Seeds
1
BJ7AX P

A
l
B
on hand at market prices
Seed Potatoes, certified P, E. I. Green Mountains Formalin, for treating seed grain, 3 bottles, $1.00
HUMPHREY MITCHELL
Minister of Labour
A. MacNAMARA
Director, National Selective Service
W-4
Stephen J. Davis Quyon, Que
Wilson’s Garage
T^e Same Reliable Service
BRAY CHICKS
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Vulcanizing

Ford Service
We have just installed two small Vulcanizers and can now repair minor breaks on your tires and large rips in tubes. Let us attend to all your tire troubles.
JOHN McCREDIE MARYLAND
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
ê 9 * •> * *'«>
J. Po Wilson

Main Street Shawville Quebec
Phone 40
Help Wanted
The Lowest Priced

Tunisian City Djedeida
South of Bizerte Port
Tebourba. in northern Tunisia, occupies the apex point of a map triangle whose base is anchored in Bizerte and Tunis |||||||| ||| BH about 30 air miles south of Bizerte and nearly 20 miles west of Tunis The railway line on which Tebourba is situated leads to Tunis by way of Djedeida. There is no railroad directly north from Tebourba to Bizerte. although there is a motor high way together with several smaller roads, running in that direction. To approach the former French naval base from Tebourba by rail, it is necessary either to turn southwestward to meet the main line from Algeria, or move eastward (again through Djedeida) and make a big loop north and west ranges of Tunisia run diagonally toward the northeast, a broken country of hill, mountain and valley lies between Tebourba and Bizerte. Toward Tunis, on the other hand, the road is an open one, the valley of the Medjcrda, in which Tebour^ ba lies, widening into a broad plain as it approaches the coast.
Applications will be received from boys 1ft to 18 years of age as apprentices and men rejected for Military Service above 18 years of age, for regular Creamery work ; also from girls for butter printing and other work suitable for women. Apply at once to
%
J
Nationally Advertised Tooth Brush in Canada
Try a new McGormic-Deering
Separator now
It will put DOLLARS in your pocket
Tebourba is
FARM ACCOUNT BOOK
For several years modern farming lift'* been too complicated a business to be tmried out by simply making a few important notes and carrying the other details in the mind, so life Farm Account Book, which was designed hy the Dominion Department of Agriculture to provide farmers with a simple set of forms for recording commercial transactions has been found very useful
SHAWVILLE CREAMERY
25c
Only
PRO-PHY-LAO-TIO
NYLON
TOOTH BRUSH
Hodgins Garage
Make your wagon good
as new with
'TACO" Steel Wheels
The
b<>ok requires no Hpecinl know ledge of accountancy. It is simple jaiui efficient The 1943 edition *p .pears in revised form, and, while covering all farm operations a* formerly, will be found helpful in preparing official statements which farmers have to make from time to time
may be obtained from the King'-Printer, Ottawa, at the nominal price of ten cents.
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service.
Chevrolet
Sales
the
Keep your wagons rolling on farm front with TACO Steel Wheels:! New wagons are hard to obtain—with a aet of TACO Steel Wheels your old wagon will give you valuable service
for years.
For full detail apply to
CLIFFORD CONK,
Shawville, Que. ;d
1
Since the mountain
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts. SHAWVILLE
Phone 64
The Farm Account Hook
Phone 36
>\\\V' x
X
______JL

s
k ...1
FNP


<
V'>*v «7 A



a


? . X
irw

¦

\


###PAGE###6###
Ft-
¦r'
i «>

> «


»
c

I
I
E*
t

TABLE TALKS
to be had, ms Hiirgin* knew
who knew bettei
hi y
“A spot of roughing it won't <k) you any harm/* the engineer suggested to Dickie, critically eyeing him. "You're fleshing up

O'day, as always, the * Salad a* label is your guarantee of a uniform blend of fine quality teas.

Il
ami big-
I
i
g ita A
NO MORE "DOSING” MY CONSTIPATION I VE CORRECTED THE CAUSE!
À
SADIE B CHAMBERS



SPRING QUICK DISHES
Noxv is the season when housewives Ale giving a good deal of
time-saving dishes U the order or

1
m

t. »
FF
a hit
A	ml
gaiety and late Fnllviro came
i.l D;ckie wryly.
much

thought to Hourec leaning disorder of the day ; and everyone likes to spend «.< much timo am pov v ' % the rden. this menu.
Mi
met*
I •


• I

I *
• •

*

"Regularity" is important any tirrie, but it’s vitally impôt tant in these bur.y war days when all of us arc working harder than ever. Don't you be "slowed down" by that common type of constipation due to lack of bulk" in your diet. And be sensible . . . correct the trouble right at its source instead of “dosing" with harsh puigutives that give only temporary relief.
grand-
Eat KELLOGG*# AIXBRAN tasting as a ccrtal or in hot, crispy muffins ... cat it every day ... drink plenty of water . . . then tee If you don't forget you ever had common constipation. For ALL ltRAN supplies tHep “bulk" your diet needs . promotes natural regularity. Your grocer lias ALL-BRAN in two convenient sires. Made by Kellogg's in London. Canada.
# » e
But first 1m* inspected the t at* lnno properties, nnd what he saw increased his self rv, pert. It waa hi* own father who • had first
r.s, who had trike whilst ix holiday.
Trv

One of the attrac
s that one
live feature» oi it oven will take cure of all:
Noodle-Ham Casserole
sported those îa le the first mi « mount* im
Capital was not forthcoming for «It . lopinent, owing to a hank-
P
i k
#•
# #
t 1


All Bran Muffins Appl Strudel
The Noodle-11 am t as. croie and Apple Strudel may be prepared for baking and the mut fin batter mixed and placed in the muffin-pane. The disais should be covered closely with paper or lids and the muffin puns wrapped in waxed paper to exclude the air. All will bake in a moderately hot oven in less than thirty minutes. S ¦	toss together a sim-
ple salad and presto—dinner is served.
af-
run of
KING HIGGINS
'

The fits»ta had come and gone, a flash of voie lui excitement, w it h masquerades and procc and general wheepve.
tion of the President "a- adequately celebrated; but yt Miguel was disappointed ; the lever developed, rendered Seriously ill; ami, after the climax was passed, thn atvned h what engthy t single attic room w with his hard-working mo l a slummish street not f the docks.
Not that Pick Mi.'gim set ond thought to the
Lift
by
rupt treasury ; concessions were difficult to get. thank.* to a Pr« si-dent who was frankly hostile to outside influence!
; i v pertinacity wo*n down opposition; sufficient capital bad been attracted to commence tlehelonment in a small way ; results had promised well. True, the question of transport was an ever-present problem, for the hills abounded in bandits,
• master less men who were the scum of frequent wars and two-
i who
sustenance from all who chanced
v path.
Mining Company wa.s in consequence required to provide escorts for the infrequent mule-trains. ince the Government refused to do anything helpful, although receiving an almost crippling percentage of all profits made but Government officials were apt to line their own pockets at the expense of the State in those nol-so-rvmotv days. Cost of transport and escort — and more than once the escort had been routed and the whole mule-tra n captured - ate into the profits, and the mines had never really proved their worth until Dickie himself secured interest sufficient to establish the air-line from the coast to the hills. Now, a different story wa« +o he told.
CAP IAIN FRANK H. SHAW
s
is i
I no i
vegetables. Often the difference between a really fine garden, pro
dactive in both bloom is regular, weekly cultiva tion. No heavy digging Is* noces-Miry but just once over, preferably alter an evening rain, with a light cultivator, Of course one must wait until soil Is dry.
Good Seed
It is impossible to oxei-emphas ize the Importance of good bead. Vi her factors may he beyond control but the gardener has absolute check over this foundation. Weather, soil and location may bo Ideal but without good seed, specially selected to suit Canadian conditions, tin- garden in going to be a failure.
Man’s Physical
And Mental Peak
Cl! VPTKIJ Mil
lint the Highlit! steadily
l _ i. »•
i K,
"Time to roitl Dickie, de n ng over words, wondering truth under-run them.
I'd like to so on for ever; l think I'm ambitious. tov, Don Dickie. Do u 11 me everything that’s mp i n all tin-Sime."

tun
tables and
)
*4
% V? V
nun own pon-girl's careless whether any
ti
mm
A man of 38 is In the peak period of his mental powers, but his physical condition has been slowly declining from the high point reached ut around 25.
Ho may still he strong physically but Ills muscles have probably lost tone, Ills motor co-ordination is slower, Ills endocrine glands governing endtiranee ;yid recuperation have undergone change. Ho is more likely than n younger man to lie well established in his trade or profession, have a home and children, to ho set in his ways.
In short, he has reached a stage where major readjustments In his life come hard and may produce
from indigestion to a breakdown. These are
some-in the
• I
111 X
I
l t
, d



1 i
It)
t
Nooc.le-Ham Casserole
lv lb. line noodles or macaroni 2 quarts water
1	teaspoon salt
2	tablespoons butter 2 cups .-took
’a teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon flour ‘h teaspoon pepper 4 lb. cooked ham \ cup Kiev Krispics
1	tablespoon inviter butter Dash paprika
Cook noodles in boiling water to which salt has been added. Drain. Melt butter in saucepan. Add flour and stock which may be made by dissolving 2 bouillon cubes in 2 cups boiling water. Stir until thickened. Add salt and peppvi. Dice ham and mix with noodles. Add thickened stock. Dour into caseerole. Crush Dice Krispies over top. Sprinkle with melted butter. Add paprika. Hake in moderately hot oven 20 minutes.
Yield—ti servings.
Ail-Brun Muffins
2	tablespoon» shortening \ cup sugar
1 egg
1 cup A11-Bran a4 cup milk tfc teaspoon salt
2S teaspoons Calumet Baking Powder
1 rom
W i ll, H
ri
î
4 i
lift
a
}4 %1 \ t.
urchin, complicate»! ‘'or trifles he decided, reaching for stoicism. Dolores Kail vivo was adding five hundred per cent, to normal complications ntaJized him almost to era/, ness, he found. As often happens, when love comes to a man in the thirties, it came with an overwhelming to unbalance a whose stead in prided himself.
• %

‘‘Tint about
¦ Mill
permit, n< «unis up tht meaningly, to the H igg Aiwa when
breaks vu

• »
He
s»o ry. “Though, n> Saga
xt
was becoming
t!
> t
«4
icording
I
IK
i 1
i*S
i an
lust
11
img pros pc
re a
t>
\ <
vàiiozzîe
a)
some
it >>
V I
s it back in H iyaiala u- a bit like .«t—overfeed it and it
skittish." As if to accentu-
1 •
Sh
? «

the
thi
ponu
» *.
Wild Silk
gets
ate
«i« nl> reared : diamond-shaped head underfoot, biased, glided away. Dolores, who had been riding at ease after the •tree nous gallop, parted from her saddle in an ungraceful curve and «leseended to mother eailh
Vi
words, Dolores’ pony sud-a .-nakv lifted its
West Africa is shipping all its "wild" moth
Kingdom to he used in making parachutes.
anythh nervouj
generalisations, but the Army baa found them to apply with fair con*
rush, tending judgment on In- had always
silk, taken from empty cocoons, to the United
t

sistency.
$

He had ceased to discus* l.a-fallettc with her by now; it always ended in some fort of a quarrel. In certain respects he had even ceased to he interested in the picturesque cavalier, since the death of the vigilante down in dockland, there hud been no further outbreak of unrest. And that tragedy had been definitely proved to arise from a private vendetta—the dead man hud been instrumental in arresting a firebrand who afterwards faced firing-party. Jose had elicited no worth-while information con-
(îaspardo's activities. rhv girl had


with a thud

e
*
;
She was on her feet before Higgins was out of his sad lie; ¦iiv shook herself, laughing.
“Is that an omen7" she asked, “liven Empresses have come to ea11 at times." he eplied. “Hurt any"	She denied any harm;
Mumvd lier own carelessness.
“If you live on the brink of a volcano. you've tot to keep both
for sparks,” he
i
#
$

M s work, he felt, was good; the commissions due to the Gov-
ernment were at last being wisely expended. He was tiue to the Higgins* creed whi'h was to advance the prosperity of the land
which But.
a
• >¦
:
ryes •mil


the family hospitality, taking advantage of his arrival on the scene, the peon decided to down-tools and demand a lTghvr rate of pay. A vociferous mob of excited men surged
round the huts which comprised the manager's headquarters; a few casual shots were fired—into the air. for the nnist part, though a couple of windows were shattered; and a foreman took a bullet in his arm.
It dàwned «>n Dick Higgins rhat HiynUila was not quite a# •upvr-civliized a» the state of affairs in San Josef might lead a casual observer to suppose!
I Vf
ter
\n.l
s been gr u ni -That 'quake
«
a ; onml
.i bevy of young Iliyatalan
herself their and. th< n mour want, busily preaching to them lier gog! ot emancipation. No longer did Sun Josef’s young
Mi
a bit late 1)
we got at tht Superb:
hi



K'>)
XX
m
'w
instituting
y v v
women
lender.
?
Blend shortening and sugar. Add egg and beat well. All-Bran and milk; let soak until most of moisture is taken up. Sift flour with salt and baking powder; add to first mixture and stir only until flour disnp-Fill greased muffin pans
ju
&


4
Add

Del
making the best 1 galloped boulders ; it re's eajol-is own mount's
es pon freedom, h mong th j return to l>iek
> •
A
of



* >
»

av. av

M
nanhood content
ft f
itself with strumm «ter t lose barred windows or f I i n % -
g guitars mi
I
ery
re ii

>
h<

>
in
to dainty hands prolrud-nakonv
anient youth of ft,,
girls to public rew in ci frowns of the
», i 1 i
ing i
ses

id*.
;
« t
pears.
two thirds full and biAc in modt r-
to » at f". it back, mounted
ing through
rt

the
» v
I
fA-
en
i >
ity boldly into net ions.
wx
i
Ih
ate oven about 30 minutes.
if sour or buttermilk is used instead of sweet milk use i teaspoon soda and 1 teaspoon baking powder.
Yield—12 small muffins.


nvn
&
bv
N.B.
I
ingly indifterent
Vil
1 f
e t a sit I* alleiro >)ie insist* is breakfasting with them,
n c is c o with the
ely tluen-
f . * t
yji

\
» V

eil 01:
dee t >a pome
i
iu with lifted hand*
lias
dared that the
U*b
do-
i
Ft
•nine
\\\
world was
coming



Don
^till kept her room.
in a frantic mind, never nkled so

cud.
r
> was astir;
The
* **&/*'^ - '
%%% i W# ¦ i

V v

hr

$
Apple Strudel
Line a buttered baking dish with Kellogg's Corn Flakes. Cover with layer of very thinly sliced cooking apples. Sprinkle . with light brown sugar, a little cinnamon and dot with pieces of butter. Fill to top with alternative layers, finishing with Corn Flakes. Cover dish closely; bake in a moderate oven until apples soft.
$
(Continued Next Week)
$
C

i >
cardinal way ; and to Hi* g kid fountain*
vh
led
I a fa dette was increasingly uiav with this young kind of glamour attached pens -
that Dolores was responsible for most of the intere t. perated did he heroic that, after next mail-day, he took the ing plane ff r Monte Callano, under pretence of seeing for hi in -wlf how mining activities there progressed.
But almost as the plane climbed for height, he wished he had not left the city; so many things might happen in a man's absence under present conditions, that even a day away might result in misfortune.

pop-
set.;
to his


m

A




SMARTLY SIMPLE FROCK

tune-v in th*» Fall c i ro
ieià£ i

fullv ;

1
id tl
; and Higgins suspected
11
paho.
"A
to dead
Mid
»K>mirg paptr. "That Is things interest to-day





i i;ilmuc lias been stoned » down by the dock*/*
r with the every-
So exas-
&
> %

k
' A." T



-$P
i VJm


°y
morn-

¦/,



fU
If
»
In
are
$




Serve with cream.
. ¦
Mil

A rtir a fortnight of gaiety due to Dolor i s* return to her native land, Dick Higgins derided it was time to settle down
X

hi
ma
5»K
S'

mm* i

Mina C bu in liera uclvomv* peraoaal lettera from In terra toil render». She ia pleased to receive a n#** ratio ua on toplea for her column, nnd la altinya ready to llafen to your “pet peeve».’* lleqiieMa for reel pea or epevlal menu» are In order. Add re»» lettera to “Ml** Smile II.
Wrat Adelaide St., send atnnip«-d «lire aaed envelope If you reply.
t


m



**
*


ISSUE No. 21—43
://\VN
’ \


X
Sfl
*\
X


9»
H
t ham he r«,	7.1
Toronto.“

.

?
¦ w
aelf-od-w I » III a


ilMsi

$

V*
§r
la .A

lie t ou iid things in fair order
Once or twice, engineer-in-


9T’*


Welcome Relief for
SHARP, SEARING STOMACH PAINS
at U
•1
/
>2. *
mines.
f-
..
Spofforth.
young
charge, said there had been sporadic outbreaks of trouble the peons, but nothing to
apprehension.
a few imported labourersHH had not cottoned to the stark conditions under which life UvhI up there in the mountain
of gold was continuing normally. In these mines, once development was properly assured, the try had a bonanza, was Spof-forth’s estimate. More were required, but he
order for such machinery. For the rest, now that he had a companion of his own calibre, he proposed a day or two's shooting in the hills.
*
2L V
â V
o

-
among
i
GARDEN
NOTES
cause
He put it down to



Do >
I ¦
» «offer distress after meals— fion, dx	heartburn,
aour^ stomach, g.is, excessive acid?
Don’t wait for pain to strike again.
*~ Xe PAL-O-MINE immediately F<‘Hng to help prevent food \ swee‘cn the stomach, ic acid i nd aid natural cesses. Just send your .ddress with 25 cents and package will be mailed Or take advantage of our ter—for a limited time five p.k kages for $1.00.
m*

ia
who
:£
*




*


è

By Gordon L. Smith
was


r-kic

But the weekly output
Mil
Ai

1*1
•H 4S?

a tribute* to the men who "go down to the tea in ships”, Gutta Percha have issued a 16 PAGE BOOKLET IN 7 COLOURS ILLUSTRATING 121 BADGES OF THE FIGHTING SHIPS OF HIS MAJESTY’S ROYAL NAVIES. Also shown are the sleeve markings and shoulder straps indicating the rank of Naval Officers and Silhouettes of British Naval Vessels.
We will gladly send you a copy of this booklet. Just ckop us a note or fill In and mril the coupon below.
¦I.
Jfl
*
I

' I
o
r

*i
coun-

'
!!
:û
General Care
O.nce the garden, both vegetable and flower, is fully planted, late care will be principally cultivation and dusting or spraying against pests, and thinning and staking.
Une can hardly overemphasize Uie importance of thinning. Those small teeded vegetables like lettuce. carrots and beets, for instance* should never bo a lowed to grow as they usually germinate. The same is true of flowers whose seeds are so fine that it is impossible to prevent their being planted too close. Carrots, heels, lettuce, etc., should haxe two to three inches apart in the row, mid the first harvest should take out every other plant to give the survivors more room. With ilowers, give at least , halt a* much room between the 1 plants as they will finally grow*. Cultivation, too. is vital, not only for keeping down weeds but for keeping soil open and loose, t pushing g - owth of flow era

¦i
n
stamps d sent
Hi
1 *
*7he

¦ 4

%f.
..«»

I
HALOMINE
11
in an


n
r^l
COMPANY
< f y
IT., 101 llromlway M., Hamilton, Ont.
I>e*pt

There were pumas

com mm & mm, limited W
<t050

IZ - 46
THE LARGEST ALL-CANADIAN RUBBER COMPANY
FOUNDED IN 1863
2

æ

M/4 KOI//? OWW
BETTER CIGARETTES
WITH
»
V

V
agi,#*
X
Designed for the Duration
By Louise Lennox
Style No. 2010 L» designed lor sizes 12. 14, 16, 18, 20, 36, 38, 4V, 42, 44, 46, and 48. Size 36 requires 3% yards 31-inch, 3*,4 yards 39-inch, or 2% yards 54- | inch fabric.
Send twenty cents for pattern to Hoorn 421, 73 Adelaide St. ! West, Toronto. Write your name, address and style number, sure to state size you wish.
GUTTA PERCHA & RUBBER, LTD.,


\* .1
ve.mriinem
160 Weil Ledge Avenue, Toronto, Cnnodo.
Pleat* lend me a fice copy of your booklet Ships’ Bodge* of Hi* Majesty1* Royal Navies11.
• •

SiP


am
NAME

m Mmr way jo
SMOKING Pit AS UAL
fVWOAY
(TO MAKL Î
*#.,#**
CO#-r AKF.IVL3 -
PR NT PLAINLY)
STREET
• • ••<
TOV/N
EXTRA MILD
******** »#**##*
••*•*•
••*•*••*•••
Bv
i
M0-G-41
l
I
I





r tz \
II
###PAGE###7###
I

4
S) -IBÎHEE (S)
K K
1





Y.
:
4
I
VOICE
THE BOOK SHELF
FUNNY BUSINESS
THE WAR . WEEK
Commentary on Current Events
O F
r h
£
SLEEPING ISLAND By P. G. Downes
This Is tbs story ol one men’s adventuring in the uncluttered wilds of Llie Canadian Northwest —poling and shooting treacherous rapids that might continue into eternity for «11 he knew, packing canoe and loads over focky, mile-long portages, blinded and staggering, spinning out yarns of the North country with trappers and traders gathered around the stove in remote Hudson's Hay Company posts, visiting with old friends among Indians and Eskimos.
Downes and Ills trapper friend, John, made their way up Jhe Cochrane Hiver, and then over a tor tuouH and poorly marked trail across a chain of lakes to Nueltln, the great Lake of the Sleeping Islands, known still to only a . handful of white men. Just why this hare land of rock and dwarf spruce should have such a pull Is hard to express, but this dialogue between a I)og-Rlb Indian and a priest may offer some clue:
“Tell me, Father, what Is this Whiteman’s Heaven?’*
“It Is the most beautiful place In the world.”	%
* Tell mo, Father, Is It like the land of the little trees when the Ice has left the lakes? Are the great musk oxen there? Are the hilts covered with flowers? There will I see the caribou everywhere " I look? Are the lakes blue with the sky of summer? is every net full	of	great,	fat	whiteflsh? Is
tlirne room for me in this land, like	our	land,	the	Barrens? Can
amp	anywhere	and not find
that	someone	else	has camped?
Can I fed the wind ami be like the wind? Father, if your Heaven is not .all these, leave me alone in my land, the land of the little sticks.*’	I
SLEEPING ISLAND ... By P.
G. Downes . . . Longmans. Greer. ! A Co. . . . Price $4 50.
The Germans,. Unlike The British, Are No Back-To-The-Wall Fighters
PRESS


STRETCH YOUR DOLLARS Watch your left-over». There's a war on, and there ought to he V leftovers. It Is surprising the * amount ctf good ftx>d which finds Its y ay Into the garbage can. Measure everything carefully. WIk-h you cook a meal for four people have enough for four—not for fixe or six. as 1* frequently the case. The difference Is usually wasted.
Créate your own cost of living bonus with profit to yourself and tlhe country as well. It can be done!
%
f
- f

At the moment that Prime Minister Churchill was arriving lu Washington last week to see the President, the Berlin radio said that Mr. Churchill wan ‘attending a forgo conference” In the Middle Blast, perhaps with Mr. Roosevelt. The Axis Is distrait.
The lint time the two leaders talked together was at Casablanca, says the New York Times.
Since dheu the Axis has been beaten to pieces in Africa. Times have changed since Mr. Churchill, then, too. in Washington, received the news of the fall of Tobruk In June, 1942. Out of that meeting came plans for the Invasion of North Africa. Then tko Casablanca meeting last January mapped the 1943 offensives. Conjecture Is that that the present meeting will chock over plans for invasion of Europe. It Is enough that when these two meet they plan lor victory. The Premier's V-sign now means unconditional Axis aurrend*
ate scale on the continent of Europe. Once again It has been demonstrated that war Is not a mathematical but a human equation, and Uoehbels himself has admitted that German civilian morale Is worse than German military morale at the front.
f 7


i
!
t
# l
% »
few
#

r
if1 àâ 11

\
¦V .
Second Lesson
The second lesson, long a military axiom, which has been proved again in North Africa, is that attack Ih far more promising and less costly than <1 reuse. Accoid-lug to !x)n<lon estimates, the African campaign has cost the Axis more than 750,000 min and enormous quantities of material. The Allied lorn
this terrific toll, and in the last phases of the campaign, counting prisoners, they appt tr to he less than one to ten.
>x
I i
ft





k 1
m

; <
—Strut ford Beacon-Herald.
; - m


I
WE HELP OUT THE U.8.
"
Canada is reported to l>e manu-
0 worth of
f-w
. i
factoring $1
) tin
lit !	1H

are mere fractions of
&
p*
Hums	^4i 1UJ pq.wjcui jvw
That ought to make some of our
neighbors realize that thore is
more to this country than wheat
fields, snow dad mountain*, great
areas of wood land, fur trappers.
Mounted Policemen and Dionne
quintuplets.
—Brockville Recorder and Times.
f,
WS
r 9
Z
*

>
.Ji

Last Lesson
The last and final lesson is obvious from the find two. Coming on top of Stalingrad, the Axis ratatdn
nit Europe, causing great concern within tho Axis Powers and tltelr Natellites, raising new hopes and new resistance among their victims. This, together with the natural advantage of attack, makes it Imperative that the African victory should he followc I tp as quickly as possible with equally smashing blows at Hitler's European "fortress” b« fore the Impact of this victory has worn off. Any delay will permit Hitler to steady his ranks and make a later attack more costly. The watchword of the Allies must still he the one
sounded by Lieut. Clou. McNarney,
deputy chief of staff of the Army,
at the beginning of this year:
"Attack!”
m
Si ' /
/y
m

»
er.
— o
in Afi'l u has shaken
i
Hitler's Blue Monday
Adversity doesn't serin to nffi-ct Adolf Hitler the way It does Winston Church 111. Never was there a eprlghtller, more eloquent statesman than Mr. Churchill during the months after Dunkerque. Never was there a sadder one than Herr Hitler at this moment. Issuing his mandate to the German people, last Monday, the third anniversary of the Invasion of the Low Countries, to contribute to the Red Cross Summer campaign, he seemed like a man in need of sympathy. One could read what was In hie mind. For more than a decade be had been abusing and butchering the innocent, betraying, first his own countrymen, then foreigners, and on Monday h»-evidently realised that people still didn’t love him.
In other years he could boast of victories that bad happened or were about to happen, hut this year he couldn't. There was no good news from Russia. Decidedly there was no good news from Tunisia. There was, for him aud bis friends, no good ncw;s from anywhere. He felt nervous, Jittery and blue. He wasn't having a good time. His soldiers weren't having a good time. German civilians weren't having a good time. Allied aviators, disregarding the Nail rule that bombing Is for export, not Import, had carried the war "Into Germany’s towns, market places and villages.”
This was all that Adolf Hitler could may to the German people. Their decade of sufferings and • sacrifices had earned them the prospect of more sufferings and more sacrifices. Herr Hitler Is a man of moods. He may feel better next Monday than he felt last Monday. We don't think he will do much dancing, even next Monday.
Lessons of Tunisia
Though Individual German units continue resistance in Tunisia, the outstanding feature of the Allied victory ts the quick collapse of German fighting morale once the odd turned and hope if victory was gone. The last smash ng blows In Tunis and Bizerte, which clearly demonstrated Allied superiority tn men and material, precipitated a process of Gorman dissolution. The latest dispatches from the front provide dramatic proof of ! fchjs.
There will be no Bataan on Cap Bon. There will be no Dunkerque i or Stalingrad either. Though still amply armed and equipped, the Germans are surrendering in droves, they and their generals. Whole companies march In full discipline to the prison stockades already jammed with some huti- . dred thousand of them. The power of the dreaded Elite Guards, put over the Germans themselves to see to it that they carry out Hit- I ler’s orders and fight to the "last bullet”, Is gone: the troops burn I the bullets but keep the food. The guards of Allied prisoners readily turn their guns over to their pris- I oners and change places with I them, glad to escape that cheaply. (These Germans are members of the vaunted Africa Corps, the flower I of the German Army, veterans of I Impressive victories of the past, specially picked and conditioned for desert warfare. But In the final test, the best specimens of the "master race” show up no better than the Italians whom they used to despise. And therein lie some I Important lessons for the further I conduct of the war.	I
First Lesson
The first is that the Germans. I unlike the British, are no back to- I the-wall fighters. As long as there I Is hope of victory they are us bravo as any soldiers, and the skill of their professional military lead- I ere makes them formidable enem- I les. But as soon as the odds turn I against them and the chances of I victory, even the hope of holding odt, begin to fade they are quick to throw np their hands. That is what happened in 1918. That Is I what is happening in North Afrl- I ca. And that is what is likely to happen in Germany again, despite I Hitler's Elite Guards, once the Al I lied performance in North Africa can be repeated on a proportion-* I
LONG AGO
In our inmx-fci think Uii.f a ceiling was that thing that nin uu i room the paper kept falling down around your neck and you wound up I>> whitewashing it.
- Windsor b ar.
f 3 V
wo used to
A V
Cora 1942 by nc* scivicr. wc t. m wrP
//-/r
U #. FAT. Off
e “doing over"
wer
“You’ve certainly got the idea, girls I Since that war plant has started its night shift, your egg output has
doubled!"
WHAT ABOUT CRABBIEST?
“The life span of a crab Is 29 years,” according to a scieulisL The professor is off the beam; many a wife has an old crab who's been rraUhing much longer than that, and is crabbier now than « ver he» w as.
country endorse, states Agricui-tare Minister James G. Gardiner, includes, first, that the needs of the aimed iorcea shall receive Lite initial call on the food supplies ef the nation. Secondly, that the civil!»** population .shall receive a reasonable amount of the food available; and, ** that British food contract ments, prisoners of war dependent countries, sud) foundland and the We ships* stores and the arr of the United States
sh411 receive food sup utmost oi va ply them.
clear program of food pro laction mapped oui for Lilia impending national effort. An overall increase of about 20 per cent, is the rough objective, but the increases vary in different items.
The chief item fov which increased production is sought in 1043 is hog.^r - from 0,250,000 in 1912 to 8,000,000 in 1943, or 28 per cent. This formidable increase is necessary tj meet not only British demand for G75 million pounds of Canadian bacon this year—Vo miV/r*. pounds more than last year—hut our own domestic needs.
"Grow All You Can” '
A number of special field crops, such as fibre flax, soybeans and sugar beets, are wanted in much larger quantities, while the 1943 objective in eggs is 29 per cent, higher than In 1942 and a 10
per cent, increase in poultry. The flexible program prepared envisages also an jt<]va?fce of six per cent, in milk production.
While the schedule ha* been systematized ddwn to a statistical basis such x* is indicated in the above few it*, .ns, the stated objectives are only relative. The injunction to everyone, whether big farmers or merely Victory gardeners in the backyard, is, “Grow all you can." There will be ready markets for all that can be raised, but particular stress is laid on meat, animals, eggs, vegetables, forage crops and feed grains.
I
—Ottawa Citizen.
-il.
qEALIf"
I
OTTAWA REPORTS
CHINA’S PRESIDENT
That Canada's 1943 Food Production Drive Will Be Greatest in Our History.
a


• r.
as
V*
!
As definitely as though we were managing some of the equipment behind Montgomery’^ army, Canada’* agricultural army, in this fourth year of the war, will be a link in the war offensives with which the United Nations hope this spring and summer bo route a road to ultimate victory.
The perspective for Canada’s 1943 “on to the land” campaign li quite in keeping with the monster military, aerial and naval offensives planned for Europe, Africa and Australasia, for, like these planned onslaughts, Canada's food production drive will be the greatest in our history.
20% Overall Increase
ranks of the farmer folk, who, in this the previous world war. give alloué effort for Victory production of food, will be scores of thousands of men and womAi, boys and girls, from towns and village#, factories, offices and workshops, school* and colleges. There is *
1
Women Tack
Big Arr



•i
The British Worn* in the .Middle Last much in the picture . and are taking over more jobs in base aim. ing soldiers for jobs in the the London Radio
“it is not merely a que of doing office job#, common thing to see women u the wheels of motor oars ; mi trucks, and driving tractors ."il heavy vehicles of that kind. Ti y convoy army lorries from po -to delivery stations, ready ior collection by the army men w r.o take them on from there.”



I '
id.
It
il
it Wi
is di| doing bette-
Swelling the
as in
i
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
Farmers Endorse Policy Broadly, 4fhe general food policy for this Dominion, a policy which farmers throughout the
.

/y
Wia-VUM.
%,
V,
to
7'
fl,
w,
/
ABC
CRACKERS ’N’ CHEESE!
O'
2
6 ip
BY MOLLY O’DALE
6
1.laden of tree C hinn is white-
bcaided Lin Sen, 7V, for 12 years president of the National Government at Chungking. Gen. Chiang Kai-thek, as president of the executive Yuan, occupies a position like that of a prime minister.
There are certain food items which one always thinks of in association. Who, for instance, can pronounce the words “Corned Beef” without instinctively adding the word “Cabbage.” Ham and ogga is another. Still another is Crackers and Cheese—one of the most universally popular diet combinations on the North American continent.
And there’s a real scientific basis for the popularity of crackers and cheese. Soda Crackers rank second only to butter in caloric value, and cheese stands in third place. So, when you butter a crisp soda cracker and eat it with a bit of cheese, you are, whether you care or not, eating the three food items which possess the largest number of calories to the pound.
Two factors account for the high caloric value of Biscuits and Soda Crackers. First—their composition which includes wheat, shortening, eggs, milk and other
nutritive food products. Secondly—lack of moisture. In the making of Soda Crackers, the dehydration results in reducing the moisture to less than 6% of total weight. How dry this it can be seen from the fact that fresh bread contains 36% moisture! In a nutshell, a good Soda Cricker is the “staff of life” dehydrated.
This dehydration results also in giving the Soda Crackers a most agreeable taste so that they can be eaten with enjoyment just as you take them out of the package. But usually they are most enjoyed when lightly buttered and eaten wi th cheese, soup, jam, marmalade, salads, etc. And these various combinations also provide not only for a high caloric intake, but also take care of the body’s requirements in the way of sugars, carbohydrates, proteins and vitamins. Yes, indeed, our old friend “Crackers ’n’ Cheese” fits in well with a health-building diet.
V \
v v ) -
L ** ./•• V
8
\
•#
\
7 r ;
X2 = 2
e
r;
49

V

r

"la
#
i
Workmen Get
Heroism Medals


To eight workmen in a manufacturing plant in Gatineau, Quebec, came the chance to offer their lives for others- an opportunity whose acceptance earned them bronze medals from the Carnegie Hero Fund Commission.
One after the other, the men descended into a tank of wood-pulp, filled with the lethal fumes of hydrogen sulphide gas, in an effort to save a worker who had been overcome. There they worked until they, too, were overcome by fumes and had to be rescued.
*
%

v//y.

%
Zv

/
%

&
/
0

z
/;/

/
%


#
4:0
:
• - * ,,, *
//-/»
“Sure it's # dandy. . . • It's a grade 'A apple!”

»,
IH Nf>i r.
REG’LAR FELLERS—A Private Army
By GENE BYRNES
m
PRIVATE DUFFY, THERE’LL BE A REVIEW OF THE ARMY THIS AFTERNOON AT .
. 2:30? Z
NOTIFY LOOT6NANT > 6EN*RIL HUDSON,FIEL1 MARSHAL PUDDINHEAD, BRIGADIER GCN'RIL SASSY SCANLON AN4 kTHE WHOLE GEM'RIL X- STAFF?
1
n*
OKAY, ----"
GEN’RlLlSSOMO
, DUGAN !

YBS,
SIR/

# #

c
• *
#
I
1
!. REVIEW#* STAMP $
OFFICER* «Kr t 1

»
/
m
& i j
Ï *»>


-<
X
3
-#Zî?
O iOj


,.r>
/ A

«•* ? ¦ r»’	*


###PAGE###8###
PAGE (S) ABIMEE (S)



f
r
m

v>
Î
lean Your Seed I i

t
t

Farmers intending to have grain cleaned are advised to have it done now# 1 his \\ ill help
better service and avoid delays
;
us to give at seeding time.
RATIONING EFFECTIVE THURSDAY, MAY 272*
>>

V
After midnight May 26th, it is unlawful for a consumer to buy rationed meats and for anyone to sell rationed meats to a consumer except on surrender of valid ration coupons.
HOW OFTEN CAN 1 BUY MEAT?
Two coupons become good each Thursday. The first pair of No. 1 coupons become good May 27th. Each coupon is good for H of one week's ration.
HOW LONG DO COUPONS REMAIN GOOD?
Coupons becoming good before the 15th of a month arc good until the end of that month. Coupons becoming good on or after the 15th of a month are good until the end of the following month.
DO 1 HAVE TO USE THE TWO COUPONS AT THE SAME TIME OR IN THE SAME STORE?
No. You can use a coupon at any time during the period in which it is valid, and in any store you wish.
CAN 1 BUY ONLY ONE KIND OF RATIONED MEAT WITH A COUPON?
No. You can buy whatever rationed meat is available and an manv kinds as you want providing the coupon value is not exceeded.
%
The Chick Season
4

at
The chick season will soon be here. Inquire about the Purina Plan for raising chicks to big profitable pullets.
Flour, feeds and salt always on hand
at right prices
>
\\ HAT MEATS ARE RATIONED?
Beef, Veal, Pork, Muttpn and Lamb.
WHAT MEATS ARE NOT RATIONED?
Poultry and Fish are not rationed. ’ Fancy" meats such as Heart, Tongue, Liver, Kidnevs, Brains, Sweetbreads, and cooked sausages such as Wieners and Bologna arc not rationed. Meat cuts containing 5C% or more of hone such as spare-ribs, oxtails, and pigs' Icet arc not rationed.
HOW MUCH RATIONED MEAT AM I PERMITTED TO BUY?
An average of two pounds per week per person. You get less of meats containing no hone and more of meats containing considerable bone, bee the chart of coupon values below.
WHAT COUPONS IX) 1 USE WHFN BUYING MEAT?
The brown Spare "A" coupons from your No. 2 ration book —the book you arc now using to buy tea. co'Tee, sugar, and butter.

*

%

5

%

;
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.


'X
WWW
\Vv^\\\Vv\Vv\Vc\\V

... i
MEAT COUPON VALUE CHART
Keep your Buildings in repair with
!
y
GROUP A - Vz LB. PER COUPON
COOKED MEATS
PORK CURED
SMOKED MEATS
Gyp-roc Insul bric Masonite Donnaconna
Butt (Boneless)
Ham (Boneless)
Any Uncooked Group B Cuts—when Cooked
Boneless Back (Sliced. Not Smoked or Cooked
Pack Bacon (Sliced and Rindless) Side Bacon (Sliced and Rindless) Side Bacon (Sliced Kind on )
CROUP B - V, LB. PER COUPON
PORK - FRESH
PORK - SMOKED
LAMB or MUTTON -FRESH
BEEF - FRESH or CURED
Hack (Boneless)
Belly (Boneless)
Butt (Bone in)
Ham (Boneless)
Ham, ( entre Cuts 'Bone in) Picnic (Boneless)
Picnic Skinless (Boneless) Tenderloin
y
Asphalt Shingles

Back Bacon (in the piece Boneless)
Cottage Roll (Boneless)
Ham (except Shank End. Bone in )
Ham, Skinless (Boneless) Picnic (Boneless)
Pork Roll (Boneless)
Side Bacon (in the piece)
Roll Roofing
Frontruarter (Boneless)
Chuck Roast or Steak (Boneless)
Hank Steak .Bont’css)
Hind Shank Meat (Boneless)
Minute Steaks and Cube Steaks (Boneless)
Neck (Boneless)
Rolled Rib Modeless)
Round Steak or l oast (Bone in)
Sirloin Tip (Boneless) Stewing Beef (Boneless) Tenderloin

ier
VEAL - FRESH
I
nent ilat ion
Cutlets and Fillets (Bone :n)
Front Roll (Caul Wrapped. Boneless)
Leg Roll (( au! Wrapped.
Boneless)
Round (Bone in)
Stewing Veal (Boneless)
I Tenderloin
PORK - CURED
(Not Smoked or Cooked ) Back (Boneless)
Belly (Bonc es*)
Cottage Roll (Bone'ess)
Mam Mutt Roll (Boneless) Ham ( entre Slices (Bone in ' i\>rk Roil (Hone’ess) Shoulder Roll Boneless
i
i
vT
COOKED MEATS
Any Uncooked Croup *(-Cuts—when Cooked

*4
3r Co- !
*4

GROUP iXB^PER COUPON
OCc

BEEF - FRESH or CURED
FORK - CURED
FORK - FRESH
LAMB or MUTTON •
FRESH

Ham. Butt i nd (Bone in)
Ham, Shank End (Bone in'
Ham, XX hole (Bone in)
Picnic, Hock On or Hock Off (Bone in )
Brisket Point Boneless ) Flank 'Boneless)
Front Shark Meat Boneless) hr tj*i Shank < entre Cut Bone in).
Hamburger Plate iBoneless)
Porterhouse <:tak or Roast (Bone in)
Kin Roa t or -‘teak (Bone in) Rump Round and Square End, Bore in )
Sirloin Steak or Roast (Bone in)
Short K ih Koj't Bone :n ) T-B< ne Steak or Roast (Bone in)
XX ing Sie..k or Roast (Bone in)
Bell) P rk (Bonc in)
Ham. Butt End (Bone in)
»
Ham, Shank I nd (Bone in) Ham Trimmed (Bone m ' Loin, ( entre Cut Chops
(Bone in )
Loin, < entre Cut (Cone ;n )
Loin. ! nd Cut* (Bone in
U*-:n Whole (Bone in i
Picnic, Hock On or Hock ( if? (Bone in )
( entre Loin < h.'ps HE ne in 1 Loin
Suet out. B< ne in)
Patties (made from Necks and t Links. Boneless )
ank off. Kidney and
,iri3un33 merits
Sunday, May 30th,
VEAL - FRESH
PORK - SMOKED


Blade (Pone in and Neck off.
Shoulder Knuckle out) Loin Chi ps C entre Cut, Bone in )
Patties (Boneless, made from shanks. Necks, Hanks) Round Bone Shoulder (Bone in)
Rump B« »e in)
Sirloin Roast or Cutlet (Bone in )
Ham, Shank End (Bone in)
Ham, XVhole (Bone in)
JJicnic, Hock On or Hock Off (Bone in)
Shawvii.LB United Church
Rev A. F. Pokes B. A., B.D. Bxstor
U.oo a, m.—Service at Shawville - | Rural life Sunday, ;i sped il pr -gram -, ! of worship.
>n ! Sermon Subject—
The Stewardship of Rural 1 '>,k?
•2.C0 p. in.—Service at Zion 3,30 p. in—Set vi e at Stark * Or-
COOKED MEATS
Any Uncooked Group Cuts — when Cooked
V
•4D”
nd
.as
the
a
..TBfiCOpPO

ners.
PORK - FRESH

7.30 p. m.—Service at Shawville.
At this service there will be an* ad-yttawa I dress by a missionary representative of
the Anglican travelling caravan,
BEEF - FRESH or CURED
LAMB or MUTTON - VEAL - FRESH FRESH
Hock (Bone in ) Sausage
Breast tBone in )
Hank (Bone in)
Front Shank (B >nt in I r! nd Shank Bone in) Leg, Shank liai*' (Bone in Leg, Whole (Bjne in) Loin,Think on Bone in) Neck (Bone in)
Rack •(Bone in )
Rib ( ihop> 'Tone in )
Blade Roast (Bone in)
Brisket Point (Bone in) Chuck Roast (Bone in)
Front Shank, W hole or Knuckle Fnd (Hone in) Neck (Bone in )
Plate. Brisket (Bone in) Round Bone Shoulder Roast (Bone in)
Sausage. \ resh
Short Ribs Trailing, Bone
flank (Bone in) front (Bone in)
Hind (Bone in)
Leg (Bunt in )
Loin, flank on (Bone in) Rack (Bone in)
Rib Chops Bone n)
,d<C known women tapper Ottawa Valley, Mil* vu Coyne, widow of Frank S Cahill, former M F. for Pontiac county, died at her residence, KLi^Kiiwatd Avenue, on Saturday. May 22nd, following a lengthy illness. She had been living in Ottawa for several years and attended St. Joseph’s Church.
Servi vox < include two sisters. Ni ta and Mrs, T. J. Cassidy, of Ottawa; two brothers, Leonard, of Ottawa, and Frnd, of Hiysou, Q*ie. ; uUo a niece, Veronica Coyne; of Ottawa.
The funeral was held on Tuesday from McEvoy Bros. Funeral Home, 2:55 Kent Street, to St. Joseph’s» Chur h for lecpiiem high ma^s at 9 o’clock. Burial was made at Campbell s Bay Etonian Catholic Cemetery.
PORK - CURED
tliV
ANGLICAN
Rev. K. U. Holton, BA., L.Tn.
St. Paul's
Holy Communion—8.00 a. m.
Sand iy School—10.00 a. m.
Holy Communion— 11.00 a. m. Missionary Service—7,30 p, m.
Holy Trinity Sunday School—2.30 p. m.
Missionary Service—3.15
St. Lukes
Missionary Service—2 00 \\ m.
The Rev. V. S. 1). Sutlianadh m and Mrs. Sattlianadh m will speak at these services.
Hock (Bone in)
Mess (Bone in)
Shore Cut Back (Bone in)
555

PORK . SMOKED
Hock (Bone in )
in
MEAT RATIONING Ai# IT AFFECTS I’ARMERs»
Furriers truv «laughter their livestock lor thru ova cor.sumpti. n—but must lurn in to trie I oc.tI Uution Board at the end ol each mouth, 1 coupon for each two pounds of their own slaup'.rered meat consumed on [licit own premises Farmers need in no case
surrender more than half the number ol each month's valid ôu:p; . lor such nu:r.c •.augii’.creJ Jurat.	.
The remaining half ol farmers’ meat coupons may be used lor ordinary retail purchases ol meat, on the basis ol coupon values
as shown on the chart above.	. .	, _	•	, , ,
Farmers mav supply meat Irom their own slaughterings to other fan: .rs tor cons un pi.»n oi their own larm premises. Local
farmer "Beef Rings” arc also permitted. Farmers providing meat tu other lar.ncrs, or Led Rings , must collect meat coupons
the basis of 1 coupon for each two pounds of n cat, gross weight. Self a J dressed and stamped envelopes for mailing in coupons
be secured at your Local Ration Board
on
North Clarendon Parish Rev. P, R. Stote in charge Greernumnt—
Holy Communion—10.30 a. m. Thorne Centre
can
NOTICE
TO THE MEAT TRADE
CONSUMER MEAT IN LOCKERS

Before June 30rh all consumers (including farmers) who store meat in lockers must declare in writing to the nearest Branch of the Ration Administration, the quantity of rationed meat they have in storage over and above eight pounds per person in the household. Declarations must be accompanied by sufficient coupons from the ration books of the locker holder and his household, to cover the quantity of declared stored meat at the rate of 1 coupon fer each two pounds of any meat in the above groups.
The number of coupons to be detached by the locker user need not excccu more than 50% of the total meat coupons in the possession of himself and his household. Locker users may retain for retail purchasing one of each similarly numbered pair
of coupons
Urges Farmers to Plant White Beans
Retailers of meat must collect coupons for any rationed meats sold on or after May 27th. They need not turn in coupons to their suppliers for meat purchased up until June 10th. This arrangement is made to enable them to build up stocks. A Special Food Bulletin giving complete details of meat rationing is being mailed to all food stores.
Hon Janie* <i. Gardiner, Domin	Evening Prayer--3.00 p. m.
Minister of Agriculture, has Chaneris called tor increased planting of white bean« in areas where they are a commercial crop Arrange ments are being worked out <o that the farmer will get a return of $2 50 a bushel for Number One gi ade.
The Minister mentioned three of increased demand lor
urn
Evening Prayer—8.00 p. in)
Mr, A. L Sergeant, of the Missionary Caravan will be the special qieaker at all three service».

RATION ADMINISTRATION
Clarendon Circuit Rev. N. T. Holmes. Pastor
Service at Wesley—11 00 a. in. Service at Norman—2.00 p. in. Service at Radford— 3.30 a. in, Service at Varin—8.00 p. in.
*.

flouice» ¦	¦	¦i ¦ m
this year * ctop : the United King dom, which has a~ked the Agricultural Food Board to supply substantial qu unities of white beans . the United States which is pie-pared to buy any surplus available for export ; and the domestic market, where beans are expected to be greater demand because of meat rationing
Apaitfrom lids request to commercial growers the Minister urge# farm and city gardeners to grow all the white beans they will require for their oxvn use. Beans, lie pointed nut. are an excellent food, the crop requires little and dried beans if harvested pro pei ly, can be successfully stored Sufficient seed for increased plant ing is available, lie said, and there	.
is ptill ample time to plant beans Sermon Subject— in any part of Canada.	“Which Sheep is Black
THE WARTIME PRICES AND TRADE BOARD


No Kails .’Norxnwaro
Lake Chad (situated in north-central Africa about 700 air miles from the west coast Gulf of Guinea) lies mostly within the “Free French’* territory of French Equatorial Africa. It extends slightly over the border at the point where that colony meets British Nigeria and French West Africa, whose govern, ment has been loyal to Vichy.
The nearest railway station to the lake is more than 200 miles away, at Nigerian Nguru, whence rails stretch southwestward to the Gulf of Guinea port of Lagos. There are no railway lines from central Africa northward.
France’s Leading N. African Base
Luminous Faints to Kill Germs
While the germ-killing power of ordinary paint on the surfaces to which it is applied has long been established, recent research in the luminous paint field has given rise to the hope that if the walls of a room are painted with fluorescent paint, the ultra-violet light that is ncces-
IN MEMORIAM
Jrtf
Bizerte: France’s leading naval base in North Africa. Bizerte commands the central narrows of the Mediterranean, as it is only 120 miles from Sardinia to the northwest and 150 miles from Sicily to the northeast. Bizerte has three harbors—an outer harbor protected HH by jetties thrust into the Méditer- sary for activation will be a potent
the Bay of Sebra, reached destroyer of germs, not only on the
surface of the walls, but also in the air of the room. From the lighting The standpoint, it is estimated that when the paint is activated by ultra-violet, the light given off will be three times more effective than filament lighting.
Bristol United Church
Lay Minister :—Mr. Leslie Dean
Missions
St. Andrews
10.00	a. m—Sunday School
11.00	a. m.—Service
2.
Sinclair—In loving memory of a dear husband and father, John A Sinclair* who entered into rest May 19, 1935.
We often sit and think of him,
When we are all alone,
For memory is the only thing That grief can call its own.
Some day we hope to meet him,
Some day, we know not when,
To clasp his hand in the better land, Never to part again.
Ever remembered by
Wife and Family.
>


Knox
2.15 p. ra.—Sunday School 3.00 p. m.—Service
Austin

ranean;
by a narrow canal; and Bizerte lake, a 50-mile expanse deep enough for the largest battleships I fortifications and defenses of Bizerte have earned it the title of a French Gibraltar. The city’s population was ‘ estimated, before the war, at 28,500.
care.
K / •
10.30 a. m.—Sunday School 8.00 p. m— Service

V





t

_
