###PAGE###1###

•1
rm




—.% t, ¦




. f -	.	- ,



V f
>

>
%
*
• %

?

t

X
THURSDAY, MARCH 30th, 1044
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
No; 30, 6 1st Year
w
i
i PERSONAL MENTION
Dp E. J. O’Leary
DENTIST
Campbell’s Bay, Que.
Phone No, 62
Evening* by appointment
Gowling
Work Report W SkewvHJe Red Crow Unit No. 3
I ,
I
Mi*» Helen Clement, of Ottawa, .	, .	.	. visited Miss Bn* bar* Wopdley tor
Report of article* knitted and A few day* of the pant week
sewn by ibaw
No. 8during the past year:—
I
USINESS
MV .
@8
Mr nnd Mr*. Geo. Meredith, of Ottawa, were guest* at the home
Sewn article»—23 sheets, 2 pair* of 0f Mr*. N Brownlee this week, sleepers, 30 pneumonia juketa ; M) combinations, 3 shirts, 1 pair ward slippers, 9 quilts.
Knitted articles—3 pairs socks, 3 Mr. and Mr?. Itobt Thompson, of helmets, 2 afghans,-!* pairs child* mitts Ottawa,-pent the week-end with (donated.)	relatives in town tyid vicinity.
$5.00 donated to Ked Cross drive.	Mits Eleanor Carson, of Ottawa,
K. Kielty, S>MTvt;try

College


¦

283 Bank (Street OTTAWA, CANADA
Never were Stenographer* in such demand as now. We are conducting » short intensive course. B.'gin at flfice and help your country.
Open all Summer
Misses Enellrt and Alva Turner, of Ottawa, are spending a vacation at their home m town.
The annual meeting of tb' Pontiac Hoard ta 1 Incorp. will he held in the Theatre Hall, Apri1 28th. Thi* $a an open meeting and every one interested in the Hospr ta I is cordially invited to attend.
PP
mmim

.	,	, .	,	, Mr*. Samuel Sinclair receiv*
spent the week end wicji her par-jwortj this week of the death of ents, Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Cat
HIGH gloss
her «on-in-law. Mr, James Patten, z	i et Rototown, Seek., on March 22nd
Mrs. Hobt Qlaeper and little eon, Mr. Patten was the husband of Gariy, ut Ottawa, spent the week | the former Nellie Sinclair.
stfjwswr -*
should be of interest to all hog Aw. Amy ! Barber, of Uplands, ,w , men in the district The carload Ottawa, visited at the home of | Women s institute
contained 95 hogs; 44 of these were her mother, Mrs. Bruce Bather,
in the grade-A category ; 49 In the over the week-end,	The annual meeting of Claren-
bols%%re% !ellgiSy fo7a A%r%«3r%nt tb^ wee": ‘	o§f IdvSVvV Wee
tLth^r,p"d as^ss. a
mi uni* on the load of hogs was Unt*	The correspondence read inclnd-
$574.00.	Lac Reid Glenn has returned to ed letters from Elaine Mcllowell..	.	_	*%*%***.*.*.
This was a combined shipment Port William. Ont, after spend- Irvine Brownlee and Karl Russett. nAKjjAND Ue ROW AT
of twentydive farmers in Bristol jng a sick leave at the home of his	The roll call was "'an	Irish Joke
district.	parent*», Mr. and Mrs. James C. I	Repoits of the year’s	work given
The farmers in that district de- Glenn, Bristol.	by the treasurer and conveners.
mmm Ipipps tisss
Thomson, over the week end. | A Hobt;H Mr*. P Gnnety end
Miss Marjorie Richardson, who I Mrs Hazelwood Elliott; secretary, has completed her training course Miss Minerva Cor rigan ; treasurer,
..	-.at Renfrew Victoria Hospital, is Mis. Leonard Horner,	¦ A	WÊ . ... n
Bui passing their allocation of leaving this week for Belleville,	Conveners—Mrs Thos Stephens,	Officer Campbells	iLy,	Quebec
$1500. by 55 per cent, to pile up » where she will commence nursing Mrs. Vincent Hodgina,	Mrs. W.H.	<u	(In	Lawn	Block)
total of $2864 for the Red .Cross, dl|tiert	Barr. Mrs NorvsVKilgotir, Mrs. J
S EEE :
The returns are completed and	weekend guests at e | freshments were served by the
cheques for the total have been Brough home.
sent to headquarters through the |. Mrs. Leslie McMillan and son,
County Council secretary.	Wayne, of Gatineau Mills, ' _
The amount given is $500 00 more rtnd Mins Isabelle Smith, of Otta-than the amount raised lust year xvn# visited their parents, Mr. and for the same fund. In the village Mrs, Gordon Smith, Maryland, on five teams canvassed every home ; occasion of their 25th wedding in Clarendon township the work anniversary, March 18tb. was done by the various Red Cross	^	-	—
Uniti ; ia Bristol the Council gave | Surk’, Corner* Women’s Institute a jump sum instead of a c-mvass,
and in Thorne the canvass was in charge of V. W. Bretzlaff.
The returns from the various districts were aftjtpllows
Shawville
Will*'
PhoduciL.
W. I. COWLING President
«OR
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Prlnlolpel
son.
BRILLIANT COLOR BEAUTY
"E'ASILY applied. Dries hard with a brilliant high gloss. 26 gorgeous colors. Resists wear, heat, spilt coffee, alcohol, etc. For canoes, garden furniture, autos, as well as indoor surfaces. You can't get a finer enamel.
Bristol Farmers Grow Good Hogs
?
I
JAMES A. MILLAR
f
Annual Meeting Clarendon
B«|Ab,|L« A ,
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
29 Main St.tHull, Que.
I Moyle's Hotel, Campbell's Bay \ every Wednesday morning iPentiacHeuse, Shaw ville,every Wednesday at Neon
J
ley Hodgins on Friday evening, I jf March 10th, with 13 member* find
TM
w t i*
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGII 1 University
SHAW VILLE. OUE.
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
Estate C. J. Caldwell
?
1
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.

V
Advocate Barrister .* Solicitor, etc.
Red Crew Drive, SWwviUe District

t
J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
i W.W VUL B
?
hostesses, Mr* Horigin* ami Mr*. Harr* assisted by Mi*. W. U Corri-Qne., I gan and Mrs. K, Horigins.
t
ONAT Le GUERRIER Notary Public
CAMPBELL,S BAY QUEBEC
Drapery
Department
i
Funeral of Mrs. George Mee


The funeral of Mr*. George Mee was held Tuesday afternoon.
Mart'll 21st, with service in the *
Standard Clinton at Shaw ville | x, *	,	,
Mr*. Mee died at her home on Matters dealt with by orrespoudenue
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
P
Stalk * Cornejv Women s lostr the seventh con cess-on of Claren-tnte met at the home ot Mrs. bred d oll prjday. March 17th.
Smart oil Thursday afternoon, Rtiv. il J. llohertson, the pastor.
fcAglit members and ^Jf|d chHrge of the service and present- The	fr0m the text found in
MrsTnagg, presided. Numbers 23 : 10. He was assisted , w»9 , anewervd by- b Kev H Ktolty, of the Wesley •‘SoiSetlimg I would like on next (jhurch Rev. W. (J A. Mac-
years programme	fai lnne, of the Holiness Move-
Reports from the different eon- ment c,llir(.h . rhv. a F. Pokes,
veners and the treasurer were ()f the United church, and Rev.
... .	- „ . , . , M S. Slack, of Richmond Stand
Ondqu It top was donated and ard Church. Rev. and Mis J seveial blocks were handed in. Patterson, of Forresters Fulls Hoxes of finit were sent to two Standard Church, sang -Saved by members who have been cor,fined 0rHC(J. „pd .• will the Circle be to their homes.througli illness. Unbroken ?”
Hev. Mi. White gave a very in- Mr*. Mee, who was born at teresting talk on Heligious Etui* Weirstead, Que., was the former
cation and the Child.	Mary Alice Drummond, daughter
In the annua election of officers of t,;e !(lte Mr. and Mr*, .lame*
all last years officers were re- i)rlimmonu. and was in her 67th
elected.	.	year. On Oct. 16th, 1914, she wa*
Mra.L. A. Smart moved a hearty un|ted |n marriage to George Mee vote of thanks to all for their work Btiside* her husband, she i* sur-during the past year and wished vjved by one son, Hussell, and one them every success in the coming dRllghter, Orla, both at home; two
brothel s, Malcolm Drummond, of Zion section, and Daniel Drummond, of Web stead, and four sisters. Mrs. John Knox, Mr*. John Phillips and Mrs. Tho*. Manary. all of Ottawa, and Mrs. William Sharpe, of Wyman, Que.
Interment was made in Maple Grove Cemetery The pall-bearers were, Messrs, Ini Hanna. Lor* Brownlee, Arthur Caldwell. Hu belt Hamilton, Clifford Horne» and Victor Findlay.



DR. H. K. NEILSON
March 9th 10 visitors
president
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat
SPECIALIST 1
. eiHi oo
¦ l(]H 50 ll4 70 99 75 337 00 169 55
Special donations......
West End (Men) . ... West End (Ladies) .. . West Centre (Ladies)
East End (Men).......
East End (Ladies)....
• e ?
House clealng time is always
a tin» for gw curtains
and drapés, etc.
• • •
>
• #
I
e • •
OTTAWA. ONT.
PHONE, 2-7961

.	..$1,057 50-
Total.. .
• • •
• #
Clarendon
R. MILLER WALLAC E
ADVOCAT .. BARRISTER HULL, QUEBEC Consultations by Appointment
I 38 25 23 00 76 00 35 50 18 25 43 50 28 00 71 50 53 00 71 25
45	00 100 00
46	00 81 60
Austin....
Charteris ..
Fifth Line.....
Green Lake.....
Knox .........
* McKee.........
Moorhead ..
Norman	HH8
Radford. No. 13 ... .
Radford, No. 15 .... Seventh Line,... Stark’s Corners . .
Y arm . .
Zion....
• • • •
• •
« f
• #
Here are a few suggestions :
• •
New Tuscan Type Panel material, made with fringe on it. 2\ yards long. Buy enough for your window (width). Two good patterns. See this new idea, $2.50 per yard.
*#**#»
• •
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
• •
Cor. Gladstone
ONTARIO
46 Bronson Are
OTTAWA
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Socialists o.i all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. RoHins,
Optometrist
• •
•f
y ph r«|l
Luncheon was served by Mr*. Fred Smart and Mr*. Hobt Smart, assisted by Mrs. H. Palmer.
i
• •
• • • •
• #
A few good patterns in Silk Marquisettes.
• Rich biscuit shades, good widths,
75 cents and $1.00 per yard
Dalrr.or Chintz, some nice patterns, limited
quantity, 36 inches wide,
Special a% 25 cents per yard
Homespun in three good patterns, 45 inches
$1.95 per yard
....	$729	50
....	$530	00
....	$ 57 00
Total.........
Bristol Township .... Thorne Township-----
E
Annual Meeting o< Elm tide Women’s Institute
Reg Optometris
• #
Besides the many fine donations The Elmside Women * Institute given by citizens there were also held their annual meeting at the the donations ot various organisa- home of Mr a. H I Smith. The
tion* as follows : —	president Mr». Murray, presided,
$500. — Bristol Council r $m W> assisted by the secretary. Mr*. F.
War Prisoners boxes' Hockey Thomas.	,	.
Gaum ; $50 00 —Shaw ville Miiuiei- Current reports included three #al Council. Agricultural Society, knitted afghans for the Navy 5 No. 1 : $20.00—Shaw ville Womens 35 00 voted for Bed Cross ;
Institute ; $10.00-Pontiac Hof pit- for the Emergency Fund, and 25
al Auxiliary ; $5 00—Radford Red visits to the wick.
Cross Unit, No. 15. Sha w ville U nit Exhibition items were discussed No 8, Moorhead Unit, and Y arm Rnd a committee appointed to look
The President and Treasurer of Roll call was answered by pay the Red Cross are very grateful ment of fees and repeating origln-for the tine showing made by the verse.
contributors, and wish to thank | Mrs. P Ballnntyne displayed the canvassers for their excellent - hox1 patches donated by The T work The canvassers included :	Eaton Co, for Red Cross quilt*,
Shaw ville—Messrs. C. N. Woodley, These were distributed.	. | tender and attractive food.
Cliff Schwartz, U. G. Hodgins, George Conveners ot Agriculture am s]owiy—never with too much heat. Palmer Mr». Morley JIodgin», Mrs. O. Home Economics reported.	Eggs beat up faster to larger volume
McBride Mrs R. J?. Etdea and the! The election of officers was ns when warmed to 70 degrees Fahren-
SB
% Mnrrity	Mr. Bubv
1 vor -
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE !

Se
I
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
Eggs Arc Rich Food;
Served in Many Ways
Eggs are a fundamental food, rich in excellent protein, healthful vita-rpins, and minerals. Where health and appetizing dishes are of first importance, eggs do much for a meal.
The secret of egg cookery lies in using low to moderate temperature, assuring palatable, uniformly
Cook
)
k
wide
'
i

Monk's Cloth, soft, creamy tan shade,-50
inches wide, two good patterns,
$1 50 per yard
QUE
SHÜWVILLE
Readymade Frilled Curtains, Panels,
Window Shades, etc.
Talking Pictures

Bad Abbott and Lou Costello
«
>
IN
>
)

Pardon My Sarong

son
>
V
1. -
w
at

THE W. A. liODGIHS STORE
Quebec
v
Shawville Theatre
Friday, Mar. 31st-
At 8.30 p. m.

Shawville
!



HJ
*
fSkH



-


t *¦
- *
-X- jj






###PAGE###2###







I
EDUCATION ON WHEELS
How Can 111

By Anne Aihley

Easy to roll, delightful
to smoke

0. How can I store an iron so that it will not rust?
A. Rub it with a little fat that dos not contain salt, wrap it ia brown paper, and it will not rust.
Q. How can I cut hot cakes and shortcakes without crumbling?
A. Make a slight start across the top with a sharp knife; then finish the cut by working a thread back and forth in a see-saw man-
I

*

$
*




v?




r
»

%

m
xs


1




C
*4

ner.
IN

Q. How can I remove the odor from a medicine bottle?
A. Fill it half full of cold water and add one tablespoon of dry mustard.
stand for half a day, and then rinse carefully in cold water.
Q. How can I remove scorch stains?
A. Onion juice is very effective in removing scorch stains from white materials.
Q. How can I remove white spots on furniture caused by heat?
A. By applying wood alcohol on a soft cloth and then rubbing the spots with furniture polish. However, if the spots arc deep the only cure for them is refinishing.
x




FINE CUT CIGARETTE TOBACCO
*
Shake thoroughly, let
i
eight inches and four inches deep, had to be filled in with a special cement.
traffic and vibration from the tubes were not supposed, by the office of works experts, to be doing the column any good, and during the air raids of three years ago it must have had a further shaking.


Gets $2,000 Bath
Every 20 Years


,Vr- 5
The increase of heavy
jflaTOW
f
Nelson and his famous Column in Trafalgar Square get a good bath and overhaul normally about every 20 years, at a cost of between £400 and £500. There arc usually some repairs to be done. On one of these occasions huge cracks in Nelson's arm, as long as
When Johnny has thrilled to the last lines of Tom Sawyer or Huckleberry Finn and when Jane has lived through exciting experiences of Anne of Green Gables, all they need do to get more literature is stroll down to the corner, take a street car, return their books and select others as they ride back home. This is the system which has proven such a profitable and popular innovation in the city of Edmonton, Alberta. Thousands of books are thus circulated weekly among young, and sometimes older, Edmontonians. At left a group of youngsters are seen inside the ambulating library exchanging books. Another group at right is boarding the “educated street car*
More than 10,000 training aircraft are in use by the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan.
WHAT SCIENCE IS DOING
The Old Bromide, “All work and do play makes Jack a dull boy" was amended by one of the contributors to F.P.A.'s column in the New York World to: “All work and no play makes Jack."
AtCTION SALE
COMPLETE DISPERSAL SALE
4# HEAD
HORSES FOR SALE
VETS W ANTED
AUCTION BALE 75 HEAD OF REG. Holstein* supervised and blood tested on April 5 at one o'clock at John W. Brisco. Renfrew, Ont.
WANTED CANARIES, PUPPIES, Persian Kittens, Pigeon*, other Pot*. Send descriptions Seeds & Birds Co.. 1230 erlne W, Montreal.
REO. PALOMINO QUARTER HORSes and reg. Palomino Tennessee Walking horses of grand champion blood lines. Stallion» from weanling colts to serviceable ages; mares from weanling to brood mares In foal to our outstanding stallions; 3 g omlno stock horses of q horse breeding; 6 reg. Pal geldings, real pleasure horses, very gentle, safe for ladles, children or Inexperienced riders; several reg. T.?nessee Walking show horses. I,e' me know your requirements. Send for our latest descriptive price list. World's largest breeders of Palomino horses. FISHER PALOMINO FARMS. Souderton. Pa.
•K LIANG ON TUESDAY. MARCH 28th.	1844. Accredited Herd
Scotch Shorthorns; Headed by Rlythwood Master Model. The offering Includes 11 top qualty females and 7 really choice young Bulls, sired by the International Grand Champion Campbells Command Imported; and Rlythwood Master Model. 4 Grand-daughters MUhilVs Ransom and 2 Granddaughters Collynle Royal Barrage. Sale at Emeline Farm situated between Chcaley and Be shorn. For a catalogue write to H. S. Kmel, Peeboro, Ontario, Proprietor. Auctioneers:	Robert
T. Amos. J. E. Kuhl. Red Cross selling lunches at Farm.
Plasma Miracles
price to tit. Catb-
IIOll.KIt FOB SALK
Blood plasma, the foremost life-saver of wounded men in this war, has been split into a number of fractions, each of which is as miraculous as plasma itself. Some of the new developments were described to the American Chemical Society at New York a few weeks ago by Dr. Edwin J. Cohn of Harvard University.
One fraction, albumin, (foes all the work of plasma and only one-fifth the volume is required.
A second, one of the globulins which protect man from many diseases, is the best preventive and treatment for measles yet found and is in large scale production for the armed forces.
A third, made of two of the blood’s clotting elements, is a new plastic, which looks like a cross between nylon and rubber, and is in esc in surgery where sheets of it bave been substituted for lost layers of lining over the brain.
Two others are new substances that quickly stop bleeding in wounds.
A sixth is the- substance which defines the different types of blood, and is in use in military blood typing.
PATENT»
FOR SALK BOILER, ONE H.R.T. 100 h.p. Complete. Borsrhke and Borschke, First Concession, Leamington.
He was one of those drill sergeants who make basic trainees quake in their G1 brogans. One day be bellowed to his flight: "Eyes right.” From the rear ranks came an unidentified drawl. "Yo sho is soh; you’re a sergeant.”
ood Pal-uarter omlno

FKT tl E l tSTUN H A U UII A COMPANY Patent Solicitors. Established 18IU;	14 King West, Toronto.
Booklet of Information on request.


#
Il Alt Y CHICKS
PKRMONAL
Il AII \ CHICK*
BARRED ROCK BLOOD TESTED Chicks. 1-4 day unsexed $17.00 hundred. Pullets $28.00. No waiting. E J. Masse, 228 Bridge Ave., Windsor. Ont.

GAIN WISDOM—ENCLOSE BIRTH date. Stamps accepted. Voluntary, donations. P.O. Box 801, Ottawa, Canada.


First Cannibal (running into camp) : "Is I late fo* dinna'?"
Second Cannibal :	"You is;
everybody’s eaten."

DYKING A CLEANING

SO MUCH DEPENDS ON THE right stnrt. Make sure you’re right Î Start with Top Notch chicks. Top Notch chicks hatched front flocks carefully selected for high production and high vigor, carefully culled, carefully hlovdti*st« d. The demand for Top Notch chicks Is greater than ever before. Wc foresaw this demand and prepared ourselves to take care of the demand. We can give prompt delivery on all the popular purebreed* and hybrid crosses In tton-sexed. pullets or cockerel chicks. Also thousands available for Inter delivery. Free catalogue. Top Notch f'hlvkerles, Guelph, Ontario.
HA III DRESSING SCHOOL
ULILTING PATCHES

HAVE YIIU ANYTHING NEEDS dyeing or cleaning? Write to ue for information. We are g led to answer your questions. Department H. Parker# Dye works Limited. 781 Yonge Street Toronto

HAIRDRESSING THE Robertson method. Information on request regarding classes. Robertson's Hairdressing Acad-troy. I>7 Avenue Road. Toronto.
QUILTING PATCHES
are

FANCY TOPCOATINGS AND HIGH grade Suitings, some Scotch Tweeds, 6x18.	60 pieces $2.60
postage Included. Louis Rice. 361 Spadlna Avenue, Toronto.

Don’t Blame Your DRUGGIST!
%vi BLAME fêSVTHESE 2
l# thugs
HAIR GOODS

BUGS WANTED
W I G S, .TOUTES, TRAN8FORM-atlone, Switches, Curls and all types of finest quality Hair Goods. Write for Illustrated catalogue. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co.. 528 patburat Street. Toronto.

RHEUMATIC PAINS
HIGHEST PRICES PAID
FOR EGGS LIVE AND DRESSED poultry. Payments made promptly. Eastern Farm Products Co., 423 St. Paul East. Montreal. Que.

ITS IMPORTANT—EVERY 8UF-ferer of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon’s Remedy. Sold Munro’s Drug Store, 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
El. El TIUC A I. BQ Uilelt|ENT
HARRIS TWEEDS
plus
SONG POEMS
ELECTRIC MOTORS. NEW. USED,
rebuilt; belts, Allen Electric 2326 Dufferln St.,
1944 , REST CASH CROP WILL BE, poultry and egg*. Neither drouth nor flood can bring disaster to the man who successfully raises poultry and produces eggs to meet this year’s world-wide demand. Your main responsibility of course. Is to start with the right stock. Tweddle has been supplying the right stock for nineteen years. All chicks are Government Approved from bloodtested breeders. Join the thousands of successful chicken raisers who start with Tweddle Chicks year after year. We can give you immediate delivery on day old and started chicks. We will also have thousands of day olds available for April, May and June delivery. Free catalogue. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus, Ontario.
bought, sold, i pulleys, brushes. Company Ltd Toronto
l
GENUINE HARRIS TWEEDS
3 AND 4 YARD ENDS AT $2.00 PER yard. High Grade half yard Suitings or Gabardines, suitable for children’s clothes. 80c each. Postage extra. Louis Rice, 361 Spading Avenue, Toronto.
'4
WANTED TO BE SET TO MUSIC. Send poem for Immediate consideration. Five Star Music Masters, 644 Beacon Bldg., Boston, Mass
INCREASED DEMAND
hr Any Shortage of
BUCKLEY'S REMEDIES
••
s.
FOOT HAIM
BAUMEKKA FOOT BALM destroys offensive odor Instantly. 45c bottle. Ottawa agent Denman Drug Store. Ottawa
SEED CORN »
WE ARE GROWERS AND MARKeters of the famous Truck Load Ear Brand seed corn. Order early and save money. Belle River Grain A Seed Company, Belle River, Ont
When you ask for a Buckley Remedy and your druggist says, “Sorry, I’m temporarily out of stock ".don’t blame him. The ingredients that have made Buckley's cough and cold remedies famous, come from all over the world, and Hitler and To jo sometimes delay l^rir arrival,so that you cannot always get the Buckley remedy you want just when you want It So, don’t wait until a bronchial cough, chest cold or gri ppe atrikesyou. Get your Buckley's Mixture, W hite Rub. Cinnamated Capsules, Throat Aids or Cough Drops at theirs/opportunity and them to mp oncoming coughs or colds in the bud. See your druggist at once!
HANDWRITING
And these are only some of the discoveries made.
DISCOVER YOUR HIDDEN TAL-enta. Complete handwriting alyals, $1. Use Ink, unruled paper. Send any fifty words to Caroline 81ms, H4C Burnaby Rlvd.. Toronto.
FARM EQUIPMENT FOR SALE
an-
USED THRESHERS AND TRAC-tora of various sixes and makes for aale, wholesale and retail. For particulars write Huggarda' Sales and Service, Wilson Avenue, Essex, Ontario.
Modern Etiquette
By Roberta Lee
8ERD9 FOR SALE

THOROUGHLY RECLEANED Government graded Clover Seeds, Timothy and Cossack Alfalfa. Write for prices. J. E. Muir. Ceylon, Ontario.
HARNESS DRESSING
SLU'IT • HARNESS DRESSING — Finest leather and harness preservative Sliplt also has many houeshold uses 25c up at most grocery, hardware and chain stores. A product of Lloyd» Laboratories. Toronto.
1. What should one say if it is accessary to be excused from the table before the others have finished eating?
3. Who should be asked to give the bride away if she has no parents or near relatives?
3.	How can children be taught to be socially at ease?
4.	Wouldn’t it be better to have S home wedding if the invtiations are to be sent only to the immediate families and closest friends?
6. What is the correct kind of tie lor a man to wear with evening clothes ?
6. What is the correct way to serve and remove dishes from the
table?
FARM* FOR MALE
FRUIT AND POULTRY FARMS for sale, 5 to 50 acres In Niagara district. Easily financed. R. C. McGhee. 96 Jackson SL West, Hamilton, Ontario.
HIGH GRADE RLOOD TESTED Rarred and White Rocks. Red and Leghorn Chicks Immediate delivery. Eleven other breeds for later deliveries. Order at once. Dufferln Hatcheries. 2048 Duffer-In. Toronto 10.
SEEDS
1944 FLOWER NOVELTIES
THIS YEAR GROW A GARDENFUL of rainbow colours. Hick's 1944 Introduction* ful, a free-flowering clear pink beauty; Marigold Mammoth Mum with huge, lemon-yellow blooms; Plnwheel Galllardlu, a picture in colour tints from Intense wine-red to cherry pink. Send 65c today for 3 pkts. of thee# All America Winners (Value 75c) to Dept. W.	¦¦¦¦
Limited. Lindsay, Ontario. "Seeds of Merit.*'
HORSES FOR SALE
FOR SALE. NINE MILES FROM Galt, one-third mile from 97 highway, Valens. Farm of 112 acres, eighty acres cleared, balance bush
Good buildings, PHI MM state of cultivation. Forty acres In hay and wheat, remainder plowed, close to school and store. Old age reason for selling. G. W. Lanbler, R R. 8, Pusllnch, Ont.
Petunia Cheer-
FOR SALE CARLOAD GOOD horses, fourteen to eighteen cwt. Correspondence Invited. T. E. Murphy. Chaplin. Sask.
PLENTY OF BRAY CHICKS. SO don't hold back, send your orders and we'll fill them with breed and delivery to the best of our ability. Bray Hatchery, ISO John N.. Hamilton, Ont.
Skin Itch
Slopped In 7 Minutes
and lot of good cedar.
land In high
OFFER TO IlfVVCJVTOR9
POULTRY-KEEPER!* of a good healthy bunch of baby chicks this ocmlng season. Good chicks mean good hens and more eggs. Immediate delivery on day-old chicks. Write for 1944 catalogue and prices on our Government Approved chicks. MONK-TON POULTRY FARMS. Monk-ton. Ontario.
BE SURE
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full information sent free. The Ramsay Co.. Registered Patent Attorneys. >73 Rank Street. Ottawa. Canada;
W. W. Hick and Sons
Your skin has nearly BO million tiny seams and pores where germs hide and cause Itching, Cracking, Ecsems-llke Rash, Peeling. Burning Skin Blotches, Pimples, Ringwo Foot Itch and other skin blemishes. The i treatment Nix odor* stops the Itching in 1 minutes and goes right to work curbing the germs and should quickly help make your skin clearer, softer, smoother and more attractive—In fact Nlaoderm must satisfy you completely return of
10-ACRE FARM. GOOD BUILD-Inga, water In barn. Mornlngton Township. Price only $2,800. H. J. Cotty & Co., 108 Downte Street, Stratford. Ont.
rm.
SEED* A STAMP*
______MOTORS FOR SALBipi
NEW MOTORS FOR IMMEDIATE delivery, all alsea and electrical specifications. Large stock of rebuilt motors, machine shop equipment and wood working machinery. Macy Machinery Co.. 109 King East, Toronto.
VEGETABLE & FLOWER SEED Plante, price for stamp; and
and
swap for used stamps too. Mich. Plant Co., Kalamasoo 54.
100 ACRE FARM, NO. 8 HIGHWAY, close to Seaforth, good buildings and land, 4 wells. Apply to E. C. Chamberlain, Seaforth. Ont.
or you get your money back on empty package. Oet I druggist tod
Answers
1. "Will you excuse me, please?” S. She may ask an old friend of the family. 3. It can can be done Sy allowing them to mingle with adult guests	whenever	possible.
4 This is a matter of personal preference. but a church wedding is preferable when many invitations are» issued.	5. A white	linen	or
pique bow tic, to match his shirt and waistcoat. 6. They should be served from	the left side	and	removed from	the right.
IS FREE CHICKS
from your druggist today—see hovuüiJTl works and how much better you look. The money back trial offer protects you.
age. Get
FOR SALK
BFY SUPERIOR QUALITY CHICKS
"EXTRA PROFIT"
FARM. 60 ACRES. WELL BUILT with or without stock, one half mile school, village two miles. Box 12$, 73 Adelaide W., Toronto.
AMERICAN CREAM SEPARATOR Sales and Service new and re-
American lU p-arator Snlcs. Goderich. Ont.
All from Inspected approved or certified blood tested breeders. Barred Rock
built machines.
________medical
GOOD ADVICE! EVERY SUFFER, er of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon’s Remedy.
SSL,r&”s
RECTAL SORENESS AND
Price per 100
Mixed 90% Cockerels Pullets
14.00	24.00
17.00	27.00
22.00	32.00
WESTERN LAND
PILE TORTURE
FOR SALK
Day old
1	week old
2	weeks old
I weeks old 26.00	37.00
6.00
160 ACRES IN NORTHERN SA5K-atchewan. all under good cultivation. good mixed farming district, 3 miles from town with 5 elevators. on good highway*; price $25 per acre. $18 per acre cash, balance arranged. Box 101,	73
Adelaide W„ Toronto.
9.00
KNITTING. WEAVING yarn.
per pound. Guaranteed S. Goods 8t. Jerome. Que
W OO L two ply. white, blue. red. black, green, brown. $1 59
Refund.
12.00
To all who will buy chicks and take Immediate delivery. We will give them 16 free chicks per 100. Send order with deposit Will COD. by Express.
Ask for our Price List for 20 other breeds.
QUICKLY RELIEVED
It you are troubled with itching piles or rectal soreness, do not delay treatment and run the risk of letting this condition become chronic. Any Itch In age o:
proper treatment should be secured at once.
For this purpose get a package of Hem-Hold from any druggist and
directed. This formula which Is used Internally Is a small, easy to take tablet will quickly relieve the Itching and soreness and uld In healing the sore tender spots. Hem-Hold Is pleasant to use. Is highly recommended and It seems the height of folly for any one to risk a painful and chronic pile condition when such a fine remedy may be had at such a email cost
it you try Hem-Rold and are not entirely pleased with the results, your druggist will gladly return your money
NURSERY STOCK
FREE
Catalogue. fWIMn. ’of
Trees; Evergreens:	--------...
Shrubs; Perennials; Shade Trees:
5 °	• *:	-----------
Nurseries. Bowmanvllle Ontario
ship
NURSERY Fruit Flowering
SUMMER 11 KNOUT WANTED
g or soreness or painful pasn-r stool is nature's warning and
FARM HELP WANTED
WANTED TO BUY GOOD PAYING Summer Resort or Hotel, good cash payment. Robert McGhee. 96 Jackson Street West, Hamilton, Ontario.
Rrookdale-Klngsway
WILFRED LEFEBVRE
RESPECTABLE, TRUSTWORTHY, man without children to operate 10 acres asparagus, raspberries, orchard. On main highway, 9 miles west of Toronto. Separate house This would suit active retired farmer. Write fully stating lowest wage wanted. Box 122. 7$ Adelaide St. West, Toronto.
Have You Heard?
N2R Amherst Street - N
treal PQ.
I'HOTOf. tl AIMM
LICHTl’S 1P44 CHICK*
use
FIRST HATCH FEB. 1. PRICE LIST
All birds for our 1944
Docor: "I’ll have to charge you twenty shillings for improving your
Searing.”
Aberdonian: "What?”
Doctor: "I say your bill is twenty
•killings.”
Aberdonian: *‘A canna hear ye." Doctor. "Then I won't charge you anything.”
Aberdonian: "Thank ye, doctor."
TRACTOR* FDR PAIR
supplied, hatching season have the Interesting O.B.S. Government Band. Culled and bl ¦jMMMl partment Inspectors.
SOLOMON LIGHT!
RH I.
SPECIAL PRICES
McCORMiCK HERRING TRACTOR, fifteen thirty, new rings, w* 1st pins, radiator. Excellent condition. $500; 2 half-horse electric motors. 3 phase 220 vnlt each $26. In A1 shape. Fred Robin#*.n. Corby ville, Ont.
ON COLORED AND FRAMED
ENLARGEMENTS
Quality Enlargements 4x8 In Beau-tlful easel mounts, S for 25c. Frim-•d In Gold. Silver, Circassian Walnut or Black Ebony finish frames, on Ivory mate 7a•* sic each, if coloured Ttc each.
ANY SIZE ROLL
• or f exposures
DEVELOPED AND PRINTED 25c
Get prompt mall service on quality work at low cost Satisfied customers all over Canada will tell you that Star Snapshot Service does the best work.
tested by De-
'I'l'
FARMHAND.
SINGLE,
lenced mixed farming, milking machine, good with stork. Good Job for right man. A. O. Halet, Rtdgevllle.
EXPER-
Mtlrert
24
BABY CHICKS AND POULTS. Barred Rock and White Leghorns from Government approved and blood tested stock, all eggs set from our own stock. Also White Holland and Broad Breasted Bronze Turkey Poults. Send for pride list The Wright Farm, Brock ville. Ont
TRACTOR WANTED
MARRIED MAN FOR FRUIT farm, separate house. hydro, yearly engagement. State number of family and wages. J. R. Stork. RR. S. St. Catharines.
WANTED—LATE MODEL 4-PU)W Tractor on rubber for cash. Box 10. Bremen. Bisk.
If Yon
Mulligan (to grocer)—“If Oi
TAPEWORM
FARM MACHINERY WANTED
Get Up Nighb HelpYosr Kidneys
STOMACH AND THREAD WORM# often are the cause of lll-heaifh in hum^n* all ajree No one *m-~ mime! Why not find out If this Is your trouble* Interesting inr-tic ultra—-Frew! Write Mnlneney'e Remedies Kneels lists Tnrnnin I. Ont	¦
CANADIAN APPROVED CHICKS for immediate delivery. Leghorns, Barred Rock, New Hampshire, Sussex and Hybrids. Write for 1144 Catalogue and price list. MONKTON POULTRY FARMS. Monkton. Ontario.
WANTED. JOHN DEERE POTATO Seed Cutter. Will pay same price as new one. Also two row Potato Planter, fertiliser attachment. Donald Cameron. R. 2, Rarrie, Ont.
Oi take away, will yci trust till next wake?"
Grocer—“Certainly.”
Mulligan
DON’T TAKE RISKS WITH YOUR “FILMS
Snapshots can never be taken again. Send your rolls to Canada's largest and finest finishing studio—
STAR SNAPSHOT SERVICE
Box 129. Postal Terminal A, Toronto
Print Your Name and Address Plainly on All Orders.
I
“Well, thin, saU two o' them hams an* kape wan o' them till Oi call agin.”

HOME KINDERGARTEN
yea fiM older then you art Getting Up Night* Backache. ?.rg Pains. Rheumatic Pains.

Do
R.O.P. AND R.O.P. SIRED
ATTENTION! WOOL GROWER*
MOTHERS! YOU CAN AID THE early education of your preschool child with our- creative handwork display for home as well They include cut-outs, silhouettes, borders, window decorations, ete. —Instructions for construction with coloured paper*, crayons, etc. These are h	y tested
earn. Ten eeneonnl titles In the *erle«—-**ne for each mon'h comnlete $"
Its 75c each. Pom Service, 22 Scott St., Toronto
BI^i’K AUSTRALORPS AND BARred Rocks. Donley Poultry Farm, R.R. S, London, Ont.
VLS jsrass	„w
Ole Olson came into a Minnesota village one day and inquired at a drug stor^ if they had any •squirrel” whiskey.
“No,” said the -clerk, “but I can •lip you a little 'Old Crow’.”
“Aye don’t vant to fly,* #*aid the Swede, "Aye just warn to yump
sue
MR. WOOL GROWER


• now available 1 as school use.
and
relief b
to
THIS OLD ESTABLISHED WOOL-ten Mill la under new management. We operate a Registered Government Wool Warehouse and prepared to I
"«Mil cli
ment Grading standards, nnd^at Government stipulated mm STRATH ROY MILL*
ONTARIO
poisonous sieeaa gelds and wastes. You
IF lay. Get Cyetes
BLACKBERRIES
by helping the

-
1
EVERBEARING BLACKBERRIES, very hardy. Have been successfully transplanted	Prat lien—
per fruit, large, sweet and In
lusters. Order before April 10th. 4 vines for 11.00 Prepaid. A. Klein, Agassis, B.C.
MAIL YOUR FILMS
use this Govern*
rc
t'
Season's
TO IMPERIAL FUR QUALITY, service and satisfaction. 6 or I exposure films 25c: reprints 8 for 25c. imperial Photo Service, Station J. Toronto.
C vstex
. dFvafet Mamfltman
pricer. WOOLLEN DmIvBV8T RATH ROY
un» he ri
from your
T r
driiggl.it today
I





m





« *-
-
*4





###PAGE###3###
T

If*
>«
r
I


UP OUR ALLEY
Commentary on Current Events
Garden Notes
THE WAR • WEEK

f

«
Britain’s Ban On Irish Travel Necessary For Safety Of Troops

To Relieve Strain
This year with the war in a critical phase, gardens and gardening are needed more than ever. Not only are they needed for providing essential food, but also as a useful and pleasant recreation open to every citizen of the Dominion. In the spring one turns naturally to gardening. Digging in the soil, Sowing seeds and watching plants develop provides a welcome and needed change when tension was never greater, and when many of our normal recreations may be no longer possible.

nl
IF -
:

z



can move aimed at ending Axle spy activities m Eire, writes the London correspondent of the Christian Science Monitor.
British people have found it hard to tolerate a situation in which Eire has given a privileged position to A*is spies, notwithstanding the fact that Eire’s very existence as a free nation depends on an Allied victory.
The British Government's statement that military considerations have forced the latest move to seal off Eire has increased a sense of strained expectation which predominates in Britain today as preparations for invasion dominate all sphere* of daily life.
Further Allied actions against Eire arc being "debated in Britain, such as closing of the border between Ulster and Eire. Nor is it felt that the South Irish people can expect much help from Britain and the United States in their present acute shorage of such necessities as coal and gasoline.
Some Limited Permits
All travel t6 and from Ireland won't cease immediately, as existing short-term permits will still be valid. But in future only the highest priority and special compassionate reasons will permit journeys across the Irish Cannel. Thousands of Irish men and women serving in the forces and working in British factories will be for the time being cut off from home.
Mail an# phone communications will remain, but a tightening up of censorship is expected as there have been some laxities in these services.
There was no blood and thunder In the remarks Mr. Churchill made last week about the little neutral nation on the other side of the St. George's Channel, says the New York Times. Secretary Hull showed the same moderation in his comments at his press conference. Public opinion in both countries will support these spokesmen, can be no feeling in the United States or in Britain against the peo-' pie of Eire.
The problem, as Mr. Churchill briefly explained it, is a purely practical one. As long as Axis spies, with the status of diplomats, remain in Eire, close to the scene of preparation for the invasion of the Continent, the military plans of the United Nations are in danger of being betrayed.
- The Time Has Come
Speaking in the House of Commons, Mr. Churchill said in part:
“We have for some time past taken a number of measures to minimize the dangers arising from a substantial disservice to the Allied cause involved in the retention by Mr. de Valera’s government of the German Minister and Japanese Consul, with their staffs, in Dub-
J
“The time has now come when these measures must be strengthened, and the restrictions on travel to Ireland announced in the press are the first step in a policy designed to isolate Great Britain from Southern Ireland and also to isolate Southern Ireland from the outer world during the critical period which now is approaching.’*
Affect On Union
This isolation of Southern Ireland is being undertaken in order to safeguard United Nations troops. Specifically, it must be intended to keep the Germans from knowing where, when, in what force and by what means we shall attempt to land on the European coast. Coun-less lives might be lost if the Germans knew the answers, would be bitter resentment if the answer came from Dublin. Irishmen themselves, “large numbers” of whom, as the Prime Minister says, “are fighting so bravely" in the British forces, would die on the beaches. The union of all Ireland, which the majority of the island’s inhabitants undoubtedly desire, wojild be postponed, the old wounds would bleed afresh.
Further Action Possible
The travel ban is warmly approved in Britain as was the Ameri-
MEAD CO
J>hA ti'lk

xm
K'
2#-#
For the

I
'


Do vour worries often j awake at night? And does lewness make you fed “all in” the it day? Noise, anxiety, overdoing things or working under pressure ran affect the nerves	¦¦¦I
sleepless, cranky, restless. nervous headache or nervous fears.
Dr. Miles Nervine helps relieve nervous tension because it is a mild sedative. Take it according to directions to help calm your nerves and to improve your sleep. Effervescing Nervine Tablets are 35c and 75c. Nervine Liquid is 25c and $1.00.
rz
you
mm
$ -
rest"
N

There
i
##
may make you
ess
DO TWII To relieve discomforts, one of the best things you can do Is put s good spoonful of home-tested Vicks VapoRub In » bowl Ulna water.
Then feel welcome relief come as you breathe In the steaming medicated vapors that penetrate to the cold-congested upper breathing pansages! See how this soothes Irritation, quids coughing, and helps clear the headbringing grand comfort.
EUEF.,. rub throat, chest sad Deck with VapoRub at bedtime. Vicks VapoRub works
e e
Good Seed
There is not a substitute for good seed. Other factors may he beyond control but the gardener has absolute check over this foundation. Without good seed the garden is going to be a failure.
Sow Grass Early
Any work with lawns should be started just as quickly in the spring possible. This does not mean that the soil should be worked while it is still wet. But once one can walk over the ground without getting his shoes muddy, then the rake can be brought into play.
In both new lawns or in patch-ching, the soil should be raked fine and level. Authorities advise sowing only the highest quality of seed mixtures, as thick ?as directions specify and, of course when there is no wind 1 bwing.
Both new and old lawns benefit from rolling while the ground is still soft. Grass, like any other plant, needs good soil and an annual application of fertilizer is advisable. This pushes growth so that many weeds arc crowded out.


of bo


DR
NERVINE
/

MILES



as
V
' $
Nazis Had Invasion Force In Greenland
Iv wSfA
Smr,™W|CKS
VapoRub you want, w VapoRub

*
«Sk
The Germans once had an invasion force in Greenland and flew plrncs within bomber range of North American shores, Col. Bernt Balchen, famed flier, and Corey Ford declare in a recent issue of Collier's.
They added that Nazi submarines had been refueled in Greenland.
“You did not know—the facts could not be revealed until now — that the Nazis had actually established a foothold on this side of the Atlantic.
Germans tried to bowl over the Yanks in Italy by rolling down the hills concrete “bowling balls" like the one displayed above.
The Book Shell
lin.
sickle make an apt emblem for Russia. The sickle is mowing down the Nazis and the hammer is pounding them into defeat.
Now I Lay Me Down To Sleep
By Ludwig Bemelmans
Hamilton Spectator.
The hero of Ludwig Bemelmans' first novel is one Leonidas Erosa, a South American general heavy With years and money, residing in Biarritz with his retinue. This includes a paragon of a cook; an Indian to cart for his dogs; a fabulous secretary ; and the faithful Ênglish governess, Miss Graves, who carries her coffin with her when they travel.
This sportive party, at the approach of war, sets out for America. Their adventures in Casablanca, in New York, and finally On the old hacienda in Ecuador, &re a saga of life, love, death and birth.
Let the reader beware who expects a conventional novel. It's a book that tells a story about some people; but beyond that it's a great many other things, all of them entertaining.
How I Lay Me Down to Sleep . . . By Ludwig Bemelmans . . . The Macmillan Company of Can-
Price $*.00.

SUNDAY, MONDAY OR
ALWAYS
A Minnesota man is divorcing his wife because she kisses him only when she wants money. Well, isn’t that often enough!

Layouts
The most effective layout of flowers, lawns and shrubbery, for the average gardener, is an informal That is, curved paths and
"You did not know, all last year, that their planes were flying within bombing distance of the shores of North America.
Hope For Settlement
Nevertheless so long as German and Japanese representatives remain in Dublin, the Axis has an advantage for espionage.
Mr. de Valera said he turned down an American request for Eire to break diplomatic relations with the Axis because the Dublin Government couldn’t do to “without a complete betrayal of their democratic trust."
In some quarters it is still hoped that Governments of Mr. de Valera and Britain and the United States may yet find some way round the impasse and that better Irish feel-int for Britain, engendered by British toleration pf Eire's neutrality, won’t suffer a setback.
Peterborough Examiner.
one.	¦¦¦
borders rather than straight lints. But when we put in these curves, especially in paths, landscape experts say, we must be sure to make a reason for them otherwise the whole effect will be artifical. At the bend in the driveway or,path, therefore, it is well to have a tree or a group of shrubs or a flower bed.
Their
Ontario Maples For Canadian Graves In U.K.
submarines, refueling in Greenland’s silent fiords, were striking at will at our convoys to England and Murmansk.
“Their well-equipped weather station, on the Island's undefended
radio

Maple trees grown from seedlings provided by the Ontario Forests DepS-tmcnt shortly will be planted in English cemeteries where Canadians killed in this war arc buried, the 38th anuual convention of the Ontario Horticultural Association was told recently by Secretary J. A. Carroll.
Carroll said permission to plant the trees has been obtained from the Imerpial War Graves Commission. A shipment of seedlings now is en route to Kew Gardens, near London, where they will be grown for a time and then transplanted.
east coast, was in communication with Berlin."
daily
There
l
Messrs. Balchen and Ford said weather information from Greenland “enabled the trapped Scharo-horst (German battleship * since destroyed in a sea battle) and Gneiscnau to slip out of harbor, under cover of heavy fog, and pass unmolested within 15 miles of the Dover Coast."
In screening, it is not necessary nor desirable to cover the whole of fence, wall or garage unless the same is unsightly, pleasing results follow where the shrubbery, vines and flowers merely break the lines'of the man-ma *e structures behind them, but lea.e enough showing for contrast.
Much more
4
All

Farm Cash Income At New High Level
a. # #
Heavy Waterproof
Coverall
VOICE
alwo ys rorry
ParadoL
OF THE
Acording to official estimates, the cash income of Canadian farmers reached a new high level in 1943 when the estimated returns from the sale of farm products totalled $1,397 million. This represents an increase of $283 million, or 25 per cent, over 1942. and is up $674 million or 93 per cent, over 1939. Higher income is reported from all provinces and with few exceptions the increase is common to all the various sources of income.
The greatest percentage increases occurred in the Prairie Provinces where, despite a reduced harvest, sales from the previous year’s crop were substantial. The returns from live stock - were also substantially greater in the Prairie Provinces, particularly in Saskatchewan and Alberta. Poor crops in the Eastern Provinces resulted in a reduction in cash income from the sale of grains in these provinces but the declines were offset by greater income from the sale of live stock and live stock products.
PRESS
NEW RAIL BLOCK SYSTEM
(TARPAULINS)
Height 6*—Width 9’—Depth 3*
Practically new. never having been used. Quite the handieet weather and waterproof protection for tractor*, machinery or even useful as a tent In an emergency. Floors can be supplied If necessary.
PRICE $6.25, plus $2 for floor.



ALL HONOR TO EM
Columnists make much of the fact that a lady in Suffolk lias become a chimneysweep because of a shortage of manpower. That doesn’t seem any wore remarkable than our own courageous little Miss Barsoski, who because her brother donned a uniform, attires herself in a coverall and assists her dad with Arnprior’s garbage gathering which on ashes-colleCtion day makes a chimney sweep’s job seem easy.


in their

FO B. TORONTO
Handbags
k
»
Phene er write for descriptive
folder.

¦ #
m

F
FRANKEL BROTHERS Ltd. OL. 4631 — TORONTO

%



¦



J
m
K


4
THROAT
SORE?




WÊMArnprior Chronicle.
QUESTION FOR THE JUDGE
Our esteemed former townsman, Ontario Chief Justice R. S. Robertson, rules that there is no such animal as a blue cow. Whence, then, comes all that “blue" milk?
—Stratford Beacon-Herald.

^ »,
>


/

j



PBS
Dr. Chase’s ¦
FaradoL
for common
ordinary sort throat
X

' />:


3" Iabs*®*-**
JU*1
For Quick Relief of Pain
SOLVES THE PROBLEM
One St. Louis bus driver diplomatically admonishes his passengers with: “Kindly push each other to the rear, please."
HEMORRHOIDS
i
hS

t
1
Super-Cleaners
On Their Honor
2 Special Remedies

Bsaaitoss
Remedy No.TL for External Itching Piles. Bold In Jar. and la for external uae only. Price 60c. Older by number from your DruggiaL
Exchange.
Asthma Mncus Loosened 1st Day

One hundred trusted women do their work admist the secrets of the Second Front—they are the cleaners at Invasion Headquarters, “super-cleaners (who) are on their honor to say not a word about what they may see or hear as they scrub and polish." They even have a password, “Who goes there?" a sentry demands. The magic answer, “Cleaner."

SIMPLE RULE
The whole tiling can be reduced to one rule: If she puts it on her head it must be a hat.
—Stratford Beacon-Herald.
>

W4Î

1


Chokln ma and i_
The prescription As ly circulates through the blood» promptly helping to curb these attacks and usually the first day the mucus Is loosened, thus giving free easy breathing and restful sleep. Just send your name, card will do. for $T.OO As No obligation. Just tell others If It stops your Asthma attacks. Knox Company, 759 Knox Bldg- Fort Erie North. Ontario.
t
ig. gasping, wheezing A>m-Bronchitis ruin your health.
Tab# quick-
I
sav£ MOA/fy-





wm
m
SOMETHING TO REMEMBER
No one lias mentioned it of late, but Great Britain is only 20 miles from the German Army.
i
4.

Ay Staying at
Signal standards at tha C.P.R.'s White River yard form part of the continent’s biggest wartime installation of electric automatic block safety equipment. The system is wheel-rail activated and features familiar red-yellow-green lights. It brings safer, speedier operation of 30 trains daily to end a bottleneck on 250 miles of single track between the Ontario Algoma rail towns of Chapleau and Schreiber on main line of the Canadian Pacific Railway.

B
FORD
¦
Tabs free. No cost.
—Brandon Sun.

At least 300 enemy supply ships were sunk by British submarines in the first three years of war.

THE RUSSIAN EMBLEM
Apart from their ideological significance, the hammer and the
HOTELS
'
Modern,
I


By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—In the War Zone
ilia ini
es Itw es
NOV/ AT THE COMMAND
“FIRE-LET GO WITH .
-,	EVERYTHING ! ,—,
/ TOO AX WE'LL HA/E HAND ( GRENADE PRACTICE - XXI FELLERS SURE NEED IT
FIRE? AN'RUN FOR YOUR LIVES/
IjMI
T
.«Ajef
(f///
.

e# hlgktr
to
t
o
X


%
y

:
FOI MAI of
\\ !
i

1
Wl
1
a
m
6$ #
•

•«



il


J l

1

issute is—im


A
###PAGE###4###

t
*
THE EQUITY
Join the SPRING and EASTER Parade
with a new TOPCOAT that has
SMARTNESS and COMFORT
Shawvillt*. March 30th, 1944
ESTABLISHED 1SS3
NORTH
STAR
I N VALID
COACH
May Use Double Boiler For Cream Pasteurization
Cream may be pasteurized in a double boiler. Place the cream container in a pail of water and set it on the stove, stirring the cream occasionally, until the temperature of the cream rises to 145 degrees. The standard practice is to maintain this temperature for 30 minutes. A shorter method is to use 170 degrees F. for 10 minutes. After pasteurization the cream should be quickly cooled . in cold or ice water to 50 degrees F. or lower and held at that temperature for at least three hours before churning. Some people prefer to hold the cream overnight at the churning temperature. The pasteurization of cream destroys the bacteria and enzymes which might later cause deterioration of the butter flavor.
Low temperature refrigeration, of course, is best for long time butter storage. Zero storage is used by commercial operators. Cold storage lockers, likewise, are ideal. Where such storage is not available, butter may be stored in salt brine. A common procedure is to wrap butter in pound prints or rolls using two parchment paper wrappers, tying the outer wrapper with a string. These prints or rolls are then submerged in a strong salt brine made of boiled water by adding salt at the rate of one pound of salt in four pounds of water. The butter is carefully packed into a crock, weighted down with a plate or clean, hard wood rack and a stone. The brine is then poured in to cover the butter.
QBO. HYNES & SON


(1
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
Cravenette, a shower-proof cloth in faun shade, durable, smart in appearance, raglan or balmacan style,
$22.50 and $25.00
*
:
4
haw ville Oue.
me
;



FOR

4
Phono 80
r
POU LTRY
PICS AND
CATTLE

\
1
If
».



• • •


Smart Tweeds in shades and styles to suit your taste,
$19.50
XL
Dairy Pails

The “Losses” will get you if you don’t Feed Right
We have now on hand a limited supply of good Dairy Pails.
#
WORK BOOTS
To get large egg production now while prices are high you must feed and feed right.
Have comfort as well as long wear in your Work Boots. Our stock is complete. Banco sole, strong and durable
An all leather sole, pegged and heavily stitched, strong, heavy uppers $3.95 and $4.50
Findlay Furnaces
$2.95
NORTH STAR LAYING MASH
is really good
A few good all-cast Findlay Furnaces are now available. Place your order now to insure early
delivery
the result of years ’of experiment and study by the leading Agricultural Colleges of the
world.
It contains just the proper balance of protein*, carbohydrates, vitamins and minerals and is always the same.
; ,	of hind and
¦haberdashery fit men and boys
Thin Shell Eggs Sometimes Guide for Hen Culling
The production of thin shelled eggs during the summer cannot be corrected by causing hens to consume more oyster shell or some other form of lime.
In most cases the birds have been laying for a long period of time and have exhausted their body reserves. Thin shelled eggs may usually be regarded as an index that the bird is about to complete her laying period and this fact should be valuable as a culling guide.
Egg shells are chiefly calcium but are formed when calcium, phosphorus and possibly other minerals are broken down in the process of digestion. Research study also reveals that certain levels of vitamin D are necessary in preparing the minerals for bone and egg shell formation. •
If, at any season of the year, the mineral content of the diet is off balance or if an adequate quantity of vitamin D is not taken into the animal body, thin shelled eggs may result. In this case, a high percentage of the eggs laid will have thin shells and the reason for this may be truthfully ascribed to the diet.
DALE’S TINSHOP
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Î 1
. «^|3iaf32I3A,SL*afSfSfSr8f5far&rai6f5fBf5f5fBfl9l
Don't delay in ordering: your* requirements

First Objective
OTTAWA VALLEY GRAIN PRODUCTS
LIMITED
RENFREW ONT .

Teachers Wanted

»
Applications will be received by the hi del .signed Si cn tiiry-Treasurer for Miahtied IV ichers for the Fro-
lH^K.Arcona
SdSSnrtz
iRUGEN


\ VU l| .
testant School of Rii»tol township for M-h>o! \var 1044-45. Salai y from tn g9t>, iivettiding to number <»t pupils.
Frincipsl for Intermediate School salary gl 10. per ill' ll!h.

? 1
;
Mmm
Race Differences
Japanese and Chinese differ in emotional reaction from Caucasians and from each other, it has been shown in experiments. One experiment consisted of dropping a “huge black object11 near the outstretched hand of the subject and measuring certain reactions such as change in pulse rate, involuntary movement of the hand, electrical resistance of the skin, and rate of breathing. It was thought that the involuntary impulse to avoid a painful blow has a biological origin which is not related to cultural and environmental factors.
Change of electrical resistance of the skin and the movement of the hand were the reactions in which the mongoloid races differed most frequently from the Caucasian. Change of the pulse-rate is chief in differentiating the two Oriental nationalities. The Japanese reaction is, on the whole, in somewhat sharper contrast to the Caucasian than is that of the Chinese. The Chinese reaction, while clearly distinct from the Caucasian, is not quite so markedly distinct from it as the Japanese .reaction.


mm


yf
H. I SMITH.
Maryland Ljue
*
9k
%

3

1

NOTICE



0

.




r

Income Tax Returns nude for Far-Businessmen and Individuals.
All work done by
8k


eustettm
• »






roe i-,
Hates reasonable.


»

drd
Buc

appoint met.t.
, ftp
^WAngermunde
**¦> umj~*
m
FRED HENDERSON
Campbell’» Ray, Que.

v. ;•:>?

Phone 33
i

Kreu/
JT
9

/
Jelzen
m

Teachers Wanted


>
Two qualified Protestant Teachers for Leslie School# f r the 1944-45 term. Salary $8". per month. Apply to
THUS. QVAILE,
Seeiet oy-'Vrvas.irer
Otter Like, Que

i
N these decisive months all Canada’s effort is concentrated on one great objective — the at tack that is to destroy the Nazi menace and all that it represents. Years of work have gone into its preparation. The best of our young men are staking their lives on its success.
higher pay or higher profits, we shall be diverting our attention from the main task at this critical time. We shall also endanger the stability of prices which we in Canada have achieved after great difficulties—a stability that is essential to efficiency and fairness in war, and to peacetime prosperity afterward. v
NOTICE
Saturday, April 1st, is the last day
Dug License at the
to secure four reduced price of 81.00.
*	* e
Soutti Onslow School Board
J. A. Dean,
Secret ary-Trertsurer
Municipality of Clarendon
& & &
We in Canada must support and strengthen this attack with all our effort. This one purpose must command our work, our minds and our hearts.
March 10, 1944
A regular meeting of the School Commissioners of South Onslow was held on this date at the usual place of meeting Members present : Athol Ingle.1, chairman, and Commissioner# MacKechnie and Pcole. ,
On motion of Cr MacKechnie, the minutes of last meeting were adopted as
read.
Our young men are fighting for a Canada and # world in which all men can have faith, hope and security. Each of them wants to come back to a job—or a farm—with a future. We at home must keep secure for them a strong and stable foundation on which alone a postwar period of promise and achievement can be built.
FOR SALE
* * 6
I—Chestnut gelding rising b year#, weight 1400.
Heavy Belgian mare, bay, rising 3
We must not permit any scramble for private gain or individual selfish ends, to distract us
1
years.
-pair Belgian geldings rising 2 years. -Cream Separator, in good condition.
Anply to O. B. CUTHBERTSON, jHHI¦¦	Maryland, Que.
from our main task. If we concentrate on
I
On motion of Cr Poole, the following hills were ordered paid Wm Meredith, w< rk Nos 3 and 4, 31 21 EL A. Pritchard, supplies No. 1,
J. Burden, work at No. 4,.....
I. Menifield, supplies No. 4. ...
iMoyer Supplies---- 9ÉÊÜÊÈ
M ot ion—Cr M acKech nie
seeking, individually or jointly, higher prices,
I
Phone 5-50
7 90
9 AO 16 49 38 33 that tirs
'Board advertise for three qualified iteachers in the Montreal Daily Star On motion of Cr Poole, she meeting
»
LISTEN TO
COUNTRY NEWS
Each Sunday at 2 p. m.
# e # # #
This advertisement is one of a series being issued by the Government of Canada to emphasise the importance of preventing further increases in the cost of living now and deflation later.
Dial
c F R — 86# * Y
Joe A. Stsels See Tree.
ar
Items from Thk Equity and other Canadian weeklies
3
r
0
<


v j
m,


-i...












t-
###PAGE###5###
Look Here

Service Announcements
Special Attractions from the
Furniture and Drapery
Departments
V
For Sale, Want», Found
Lost, etc.
Siadsy, April Zed

Canaria
SHAWVILL8 UnITRO CHURCH
Rrv F.Foi» B. A , B.D. Pistor
AS
P

Needs?
FOR 8A LE—One 4 year old gelding, ll,OOa. ra.—Service at Rhawville. 1450 II)# ; dark buy , Spring tooth cul-2.00 p. m—Service at Zion. * livator, 13 teeth ; one farm waggon 3.30 p. m—Service at Stark# Cor Apply to Joe Duma*. Maryland, (jue
Phone, 5-43.
%
Z
L

39,000 000 MORE POUNDS OF BUTTER
ners
m
Palm Sunday Service
Sermon subject
“Welcoming the King”
7 30 j). m.—Service nt ^bawville
Still pictures : “ The Life of Paul ’ Illustrated hymns on the screen
t
FOR SALK—A quant ty of Tirooth) and ALike Clover Seed, mixed, Gov’t tested
II. 1, 8b aw ville. Fbctoe 18-21.
Apply to W. 0. Co* Rio as
à
f
A
Rugs and Carpet

FOR SALK—A quantity of Victory Oatt. Apply to M. R McGviee, R. 2, Shaw villi*. Phone 20 - 31.
A beautiful selection of Axminster and Peterboro Rugs
6-9 x 4	$33.50
9 x 104.... $49.75
Axminster Stair and Hall Runner Carpet By the yard, 27 inches wide. $3.25
Reversible Symrna Rugs
Colour, blue and rose, size 30 x 60 $7.25
Beautiful Bath Mats
Good selection of colours, size 20 x 33
Claeekdon Circuit Ret. N. T. Holme*. B.A., B.D. Pastor
11 00 a. m.
CREAM SEPARATOR
%
WILL HELP THE COUNTRY S NEED FOR
FOR SALK—Hackney driving mare 4 year» old ; ruob?r-tire buggy in A-l condition ; cutter in go >d condition ; *et single driving harness, used two Winters. Apply to Rev. R. J. Robert- I HON, Shaw ville. Phone 16.
Service at WeHley,
Service at Norman, 2.30 p. m, Service at Yarm
44 x 7 .... $18.50 9 z 104 ... $47.50
ef ss.eeo.m
In batter
8.00 p. m
EXTRA BUTTERFAT
very f
tribute te that Increased better pre-
wh»di Is
te feed ear
Bristol United Church Lay MinisterMr. Leslie Dean
St. Andrews
Service—11.00 a. m.
Sunday School immediately following
Knox
Service—3.00 Austin
. Service—8.00
troepe In the frent line, hy wing •
LOST—Between Shawville and Me Kee, t>.20 tire, tube and rim complete Finder kindly notify Stanley Grist. Maryland, (jue
¦ Separator which will produce the last ounce of butlerfat— a which yearn of experience have built unequalled stamina and
Cr
machine Into dependability.
faithfully in Increasing w ur profits. If yen era In the market far a
It will du lie part swell y<
and. el Ibe
FOR SALE—A quantity of Banner
oats and 18 tons of pressed hay, well mixed with alfalfa. Apply to Jxo. B. Corrigan, R. 3, Shaw ville. Phone 29-2.
IWYOUR
WASHING
MACHINES
CREAM SEPARATORS
LOST—In Shawville on about March I5tb, Silver Ronson Cigarette Lighter, initialed “j.w.h " Finder please leave
$1.75
Sermon subject Palm Sunday : “The Dignity of Christ’ I at Drug Store
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED
RENFREW ONT SUSSEX NB ST JOHNS PQ REGINA SASK
FOR SALE
One span of block diivir 4 mares ; also Racoon coat. Apply to T. H. Riley, Sna-vville. Phone 121
Window Drapery
ANGLICAN St. Paul’s
Sunday School—10.00 a. m
Holy Communion
Evening Prayer,—7.30 p. m,
Service will l>e in charge of R?v. W. .1. White, of Portage Ju Fort
LEO R. KEON
Make your windows look attractive
for the Easter Holidays
A large and handsome selection of beautiful shades and patterns, every colour to blend with any colour scheme, $1.75 to $2 25 yard.
FOR SALE— One second-hand ox press and a number of pure-bred Holstein bull calve*, ranging from one week to six months old Apply to Clarence Brownlee, Shawville. 20 13
11.00 a. m
DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE
McKee - Quebec
FOU SALE-Jersey Bull Calf. H
Apply to Hiram Strutt.
days old.
Shaw ville
North Clarendon Parish Rev. P, R. Stote in charge
Charter^, Hrly Communion, 10.30
Ladysmith, Evening Prayer,
Greermount, Evening Prayer,
Holy Week Services
Greermount, Wed., April 5, 8,00 p. m Ladysmith, Thar, April 6, 7.30 p. in Charter!*, Good Friday, 8.15 p. m
FOR SALE—General purpose horse Bound and quiet ; top buggy in good condition ; two cutters : obe express ; 7.301 set single harness; new set heavy Lames and harness parts; 12 goo4 hens. Apply to Amos Arm it age, Shaw ville.
Cocoa Matting
300
For your Suh Porch, Veranda or Door-step
95 cents per yard
WANTED — Good reliable housekeeper for widower on farm with four small children
Deiuuin, Calumet Island, Que
Vulcanizing
Apply to Fred
Wesleyan Methodist Church Rev. H. Kielty, Pastor
Sunday School Evening Service at
Campbells Bay
Sunday School at 10.00 Morning Service at
Breakfast Suites
FOR SALE—If you want to build an Auto-Tractor we can help you with a good Dodge engine and chassis ; two internal gear wheel"'. The rest is easy. < )wnei h > .i tr • tor Stickler, Bryson, Que. Phone 43-31
* s<
10.00 a. m. 7.30
We have just installed two small Vulcanizers and can now repair minor breaks on your tires and large rips in tubes, tire troubles.
-
The most modern Breakfast Suites- that have ever been displayed in the Furniture Dept. Handsomely designed, skillfully constructed. Six pieces

Apply to P
a. m. 10.45
Let us attend to all your
$69,50 $72.50 and $83.50
FOR SALE—One hay general purpose gelding, rising 3 years, well broken
Apply to Ll yi»
H< lines* Movement Church Rev. W. C. A. McFablanr, Pastor '	Shaw ville
double or single
Brownlbp, lî. 1, Shawville
Bed-room Suites
FOR SALE—One steel-tire buggy Apply to W. I. Armstrun Phone 4	14.
Try a new McCormic-Deering Cream
Separator now
It will put DOLLARS in your pocket
Sunday School Evening Service
North Onslow
Sunday School—1.30 p. m
Service—2 30 p. uk
Bri
10.00 a. m 7-30 p. m.
Never before in the history of this store has there been such exquisite suites on display,
$109.50	$117.50	$137.50
Wanted—Girl or woman for genera housework on farm, two miles fron town. Apply to Edmund Brlanokb Campbell’» Bay, Que.
Pentecostal Assemblies Rev, F. O. Routley, Pastor.
Shawville
Services at 11.00 a. m. and 7 30 p. ni
Bristol Ridge
Service at 2 30 p. m, and 7 45 p m.
OkAqk ^Jotvt
New Wallpapers
H origins Garage

'MIL
7
GT
Redecorate your Home this Spring
See the charming, light pleasant background our beautiful Wallpapers create.
/
Buick, Oldsmobile
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
(
é
;

Stark’s Corners Service at 11.00 a. m. Service at 7.45 p. m.
Portage du Foft Service at 3 30 p. in.
Mr. H. S. Richardson, Pastor
No writing. No money orders. No bother. Just call or phone, 100% live delivery guaranteed.
John McCredie
Maryland, Que.
Phone 64
Teachers Wanted
Wilson’s Garage
For Masham School Corporation,
three qualified Protestant Teachers wanted for Districts No. 1, 2, 3. Wages 190.00 per | month
mence Sepc. 1. 1944. Apply sitting qualifications and experience to
ANGUS WALLACE.
Secretary, Lascelles, Que.

T^e Same Reliable Service
Duties to cdin
Wanted
See the Difference Purina Makes . .
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Ford Service
All kinds of
With the coming of Spring farm folk naturally think of Baby Chicks.
Having selected the best offered in Chicks it will pay you to feed the best feed—
That is why the demand for Ohick Startena makes it increasingly difficult to stock adequate supplies of PURINA OHOW8. So order yours early to avoid disappointment.
Cemetery Donations
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
Dr. D. J. Campbell, treasurer of the Village Cemetery Fund, acknowledges with thanks, the following donations :—
Wm H. Howard...............
Mrs. J, D. Hodgins.......
Mis» Sara J. Wilson ........
June» F. Foran, Philadelphia
Mrs. R. A. Glenn ...........
Mrs. J. T. Valliant, Ottawa Miss Pearl Fades, Ottawa
SAWLOGS
J. P, Wilson
Main Street Shawville Quebec
hone 40
$2 00
2 00
Highest Market Prices Paid
Cash on delivery
2 00
3 00
3 00
2 00
2 00
FARM FOR SALE
a Mr, John R. McDoweii. treasurer of Maple Grove Cemetery, acknowledges with thanks, the following donations :
Mrs. J. A Armstrong.
Mrs. Wm. E. Hodgins, Yarm
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg. ( gSZ.,.
Don’t forget Chek-R-Tabs for drinking water
Cm be had in 30c. 60c. SI.50 and $6.00 sizes
Lot 252 situated in the Village of Shawville, seventy acres more or leas, gond loam soil, good buildings ; lots on Main Street, all tillable land. Apply to
J. G. ELtlOTT,
-r #	335 James Street
Ottawa, Out,
The Hodgins Lumber Go
$5 00
•2 00
2 00
2 00
Phone 8-1276
3 00
###PAGE###6###
4,»
- - « »



w
* 5,

rfi -r

‘FIRSTS’ ON FAR-FLUNG FRONTS
CHRONICLES of GINGER FARM
By William Fergueon
This Curious World
By
HUNGARY
nntcMiefU.S.
Qwendellne F. Clarke
IfcDIA ê
77-n V freope wmi n
*mj on AeleHc soil
^	Hry eeinciM when
4*	Amedeo
Rangers
land off Jugoslavian
coesi struck ef Nasi gerdso* Hiere, end m northern Senne, CpI. Werner Kefs of
New York drew blood in e desk wMi iop
parrot #wryrr#»w
• lunglekeM
I
didn’t know he was coming and after he had been it was only natural to wonder if there would be any "reactors", glory be, the man has made his second visit — "to read the cat-tlv\ and everything is O IK Our herd has a clean bill of health. And that is something worth knowing.
What would you do if you were writing this column every week? What kind of conditions would think were necessary for —
l^||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||k|BlQl4l* cc 11
BSS
BURMA
*
SWfRUNG ALKSHTS
MV

But now,
I
you
/
shall we say thought? Quietness? No interruptions? Yes, that would be very
LOCUSTS
N


ARE DEPICTED IN MOTION PICTURES
THAI

hut it chn’t happen here —nor I imagine, could • it happen on any other farm.
ITALY
BV

R«
B
* * *
D
*
$
Mil#»
0 100
*
nXXJTMG CM EDDY/MG WATER CL/ÆÆ&V7S.
Here is something 1 want to
Do you know there is
Bêy #/ A*gsf
do you hear that
For instance hammering and banging and sawing going on around here? And do you notice that every door in the house opens and shuts at irregular intervals? Very distracting, of
but I really don’t mind,
i en lion.
a bottleneck in the egg business— Sut not among the hens. No, the hens are rolling out the eggs faster than industry can build cases to hold them. But the point is, egg vases, like mpney, should be kept in circulation.
FLEW FROM "TORONTO TO BARBADOS.
A DISTANCE: OF ABOUT 3000 M/L£S.
IN TEN DAYS.
COf*. ISM §Y WtA SCRVICK.
1- r^-JÉ

less to go art1 do as be was commanded, for Saul was indeed for Ciod a chosen vessel to proclaim His name.
"And Ananias departed . . . • and be filled with the Holy Spirit." Saul was met in a loving and trustful spirit. He learned that he was not to be t ested as a solitary outcast, and new friends were ready to welcome him.
"And straightway there fell from his eyes as it were scales, and he received his sight. And he arose ard was baptized. And he took food and was strengthened." Saul was immediately received as a true believer among the company of Christians then residing in Damascus.
yielded himself to the one who had spoken out of the eternal light. He was in the presence of supremacy and he admitted it as he said, ‘Lord'.
"And he said, I am Jesus whom
It is hard for
>
t
<•
because you see, it is all a means
tr an nd Jlllllllllllll|ll||llll!lllllll! ||
: re having a furnace installed. We
to the condition that a fur-would be more economical
• % •

K*
And apparently It is my guess that
Yes, at long last we



they are not. somewhere along the line egg cases being broken up an Î burnt. It’s like this. The egg grading station supplies crates to the farmers; the farmer sends his eggs back in the
The grader sorts and
thou persccutcst thee to kick against the goad." Christ told him that he was like the stupid oxen kicking against the goad, in refusing to do what they were ordered to do, only inflicting suffering upon themselves.
Saul Yields To Christ "But rise and enter into the city, and it shall be told thee what thou must do. And the men that journeyed with him stood speechless, hearing the voice, but beholding no man.” Paul is immediately a man yielded to Christ ano from that day to the day he died, he was ever seeking to know and to do the will of his Lord.
"And Saul arose from the earth and when liis eyes were opened, he saw nothing; and they led him by th<* hand, and wrought him into Damascus. And he was three days without sight, and did neither cat nor drink." Bu though it was dark without, it was bright within Saul's
innermost being.	¦ *
Christ's Commandment "But Ananias answered, Lord, I have heard from many of this ... for I will show him
% e
came
*



arc
nace
*nd far more satisfactory than our present method of house with three stoves. Did I say heating? That was a misnomer. We keep three stoves going and heat a small area in the immediate vicinity of the stoves and that is about all. Open the hall door and you step into Arctic region. This house, you see, is so arranged that the pipe from only one stove can be carried through to the upstairs. The others go straight into the chimney. Thus a lot of heat is going to waste . And as for the work, 1 honestly believe a third of my time is spent making up fires and emptying ashes nothing of the dusting that this method of firing entails which doesn’t get done half the time. As for my hands, the skin is pretty nearly washed off them. You know how it is; you sit down to do a bit of sewing and mending. Presently you begin to feci chilly and you realize the living-room fire needs tending. You see to that wash your hands, and settle down again. A little while later you think the kitlhen stove may need fixing.
In fact it is nearly

heating the
is"
grades the eggs and ships them to retail stores and to Montreal. The cases are not returned, so, more vases have to be made all the time and, with the labour shortage, that really means something. Now you tell me—what happens to the cases that are shipped out? Isn't that worth looking into?
I
^ /%£ FRENCH'"*
FOREIGN LESION
FOUGHT ONE OF ITS
#
Man's True Course 'The nature of this appearance of Christ.” Man's true course is tc strive and ascertain whether he is following, obeying anti loving God. God awakens some, as He dio Paul, by an awful catastrophe; others grow up before Him from infancy like Samuel and Timothy; others God gradually changes from sin and worldliness to peace and righteousness like Jacob of old time.
in MEXICO/
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
t
THE Foreign Legion put up dne of Its most courageous lights at Joya, Mexico. Napoleon had sent the legion to Mexico with Maximilian. and on April SO. 1863. 68 legionnaire* successfully fought off a Mexican cavalry, killing several thousand men.
to say
and
April %
SAUL BECOMES A NEW
MAN
Acts *: 1-1»; M #-l#; 86; 11-80 PRINTED TEXT. Acts 8: 1-0,
| RADIO REPORTER
By
AL LEARY
20,000,000 Parcel»
ton in my office to hear "Noli" still being played as a piano solo. “Lopez and Nola” will apparently
never be separated.
* * *
The Toronto Maple Leaf Baseball games will be heard again over OKCL, Toronto, this year with yours truly at the microphone, and this by the way is my thirteenth season. We remember back in 1939 we were going to retire from broadcasting baseball, but because of the entertainment it provides our Armed forces it looks as if we will have to last out the war. The first baseball broadcast will come early in April.
It has not happened here yet, but it may soon.. One of the favourite programmes in Latin-America is one where bashful men propose marriage to their girl friends on a radio programme. It’s listening audience is terrific. You probably wonder how the proposer could know the object of his affection is listening in. On enquiring, we found out the Radio Stations put advertisements in the newspapers, listing the names of the people to be proposed to. One of the local producers, will no doubt steal this before long.
l$-19a.
GOLDEN TEXT.—If any man
is in Christ, he is a new cicaturc. g Corinthians 5: 17.
Memory Verse:	Be ye
Ephesians 4: 32.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—The exact chronology of the Apostle Paul's life is difticult, and different opinions arc held by different scbolais.
Since Dunkirk, the British post office has despatch d 20,000,000 parcels to British prisoners of war ia Europe, it was announced hat week. They are sent via Lisbon and Marseilles.
man .
how many things he must suffer for my name's sake." When Ananias reminded the Lord that this man Saul was a hater of the Christian faith the Lord told him neverthe-
kind.

It sure does out. A trip to the woodshed — a few chips—down to the cellar for more coal — wait around for a bit to make sure your fire will get up — wash your hands again and then back to your mending. By this time fifteen or twenty minutes have gone by—in which time you could have darned a couple of pair of socks.


ISLAND CONTINENT
Approximately that Saul of Tarsus
one may was born in A.D. 1. His conversion took place abou A.D. 35. His last visit to Jerusalem was in A.D. 58, and his defense before Agrippa in A.D. 60. The Apostle was beheaded A.D. .64.
Place.—The conversion of Paul, a d the events immediately following, took place near and in the city of Damascus, in Syria, sometimes called the oldest city in the
Saul's defense before the
16 Myself,
CD Plunder,
21 Hawaiian wreath.
21 Fissured.
26 Written f<*r of mister.
2» Foods.
_ , 20 Guide.
pGd I 31 Owns.
32	Compensation.
33	Russian community,.
36 Its northern naval base la
HORIZONTAL
1 Street (abbr.).
S Depicted continent
11 Foot (abbfc).
13Year (abbr.).
14	Bite off little by Utile.
15	Penny.
16	Symbol for iridium.
17	Barrier.
19 Souls.
21	Meadow.
22	Sister's daughter.
24	Shake one's head.
25	Correct.
27	Half an em.
28	Crimson.
30	Long step.
31	Orthodox Mohammedan.
33	Mountain (abbr.).
34	Cyst.
35	Weird.
37 Ray of genus 58 Instrument
59 Range. & 61 Within.

a
i;
* *
* #
#
Keep Fighting Fit, a new programme presented by the District Cadet Officer of Military District Number 2, Major C. E. Read, MC, Is a new physical training programme which is being heard over a number of Ontario Stations, CKCL Monday thru Saturday, 7.30 a.m. The programme Keep Fighting Fit Is as far removed from the old type Of physical training as day is from night. Most of ypu remember when â lad used to sit in the office of an insurance company in New York and go for hours. The new army programme conducted by Doc Lindsay, well known radio announcer who is now a Lieutenant in the army, is strictly streamlined and with the background of cadets from the Collegiate Institutes, will really help to "Keep Fighting Fit."
Maybe you will say a furnace has its drawbacks too. doubt it, but that is something I have yet to liscuvcr. Partner tells I must learn to run the furnace myself because when he is at the barn so much he doesn's want me to rely on him to see to it. There is only one objection I can see to that
blame if the house is either too hot o. too cold.
I don't
Handbagitis
L. C. Burke in letter to the Atlantic
Monthly
me
FELLER
>rld.
multitude in the temple occurred,
erusalem. His address
Sir:—F.^.A.’s discourse on Handbagitis in the December, 1943, Atlantic reminds me of a routine we had years ago in Chicago to describe a woman paying her fare on a street car.
of course, in te Agrippa was g'ven in Caesarea, a great city on the Syrian coast. Saul's Persecution Of The Church "Saul of Ti.rsus before his con-But Saul, yet breathing
I won't have anyone to
63 Preserve. b4 And (Lat.).
VERTICAL	41 Full of soot
1 Its major city 43 Cured hog
thigh.
43 Compass point
46	Think.
47	Clock face
48	Employed.
49	Perform.
50	Great Lake.
51	Lease.
54	Neither.
55	Period of time 58 Mystic
syllable.
60 One (Scot).
38 Microscopic organism.
measures.
44 Musical N composition.
46 Father.
48 It sometimes
is called the 2 Procession. “Land Down 3 Symbol for
silver.
4	Invisible.
5	Vital fluid.
56	Mineral rock. 6 Double.
57	That one.
s *	*
But the furnace has not been the anly excitement around here this last few days. On Thursday of last week a government man blew in to test the cattle — for T.B. I mean. Of course we
When the conductor came for her nickel:
She opened her hag and took out her purse and closed the bag and opened her purse and took out a ten-dollar bill and closed h*r purse and opened her bag and dropped in her purse and closed the bag and handed the conductor ten dollars, change.
She opened her bag and took out her purse and closed the bag and opened her purse and dropped in the change and closed her purse and opened her bag and dropped in the purse and closed the bag and found she was two blocks beyond her destination.
version.
threatening and slaughter against the disciples of the Lord, went unto the high priest, and asked of him letters to Damascus unto the synagogues, that if he found any that were of the way, whether men or women, be might bring them bound unto Jerusalem." Saul, later the Apostle paul, first appears in New Testament records as a young standing near while Stephen stoned (Acts 7: 58), we have
is
52	Sorrow.
53	Foes.
ONE-HORSE STRIKE
7	Sour.
8	Allow.
9	Insert. 10 Near.
62 Eastern state il Demon.
12 SWUM
He gave her back the
* $
Raja.
39	Music note.
40	Like.
42 Type
Mr. Vincent Lopez, veteran musical director, was one of the first Network Radio Broadcasts to be brought into Canada. It was back in the old days when CKGW was the top Radio Station in Can-
man
a brief but vivid account of Saul's terrible persecution of the Church (Acts 8: 1-3). The great ministry of Philip is then recorded and Saul reappears, still fiercely pur-Christians everywhere. We him now on the / way from Jerusalem to Damascus.
Saul's Conversion "And as he journeyed, it came to pass that he drew nigh unto Damascus:	and suddenly there
shone round about him a light out of heaven.” Why was such a supernatural manifestation at this time? Because this was needed to arrest this strong-willed man, Saul. He could only be startled and anested by something which he knew, without doubt, came from God.
, . Saul Knows The Truth "And he fell upon the earth, and heard a voice saying unto him, Saul, Saul, why persecutes! thou me? And he said, who art thou, Lord?” In that moment the truth was breaking upon the mind of It his, man, and ere he knew it he had
(abbr.).
$
U 12
#0
8
7
3	4	5
6
2
I
%\
16
15
14
13
.
1
19
suing find
17

When The Piper’s
Bill Is Presented
26
*£A»
24
A
wnrçtoss
{SUES
%KE

Social security, and the social services which must provide that security, cost money, vast amounts of it where such projects are national in scope, says the Hamilton Spectator. In the large, these funds must come from the pockets of the people; they benefit, where deserving, and consequently they arc expected to pay. Every social advance
of some kind or other, for that is the price of socialization. If that cardinal fact is appreciated by those who press for greater measures of amelioration, then no sense of shock should be experienced when the piper's bill is presented.


33
32
31



ON



34

::::




36
37
11
)
is
MSirl

43
Z
40 41

50
47*48
44
means additional tax levies
56
55
L
The only horse-driver in Teamsters Union Local 100 (A. F. L.) in Cincinnati is on strike. He's Orville Carlton, pictured above with his horse. Old Fred and picket timJ/li^ÊÊ/tÊÊKÊtÊÊt tzi working conditions.
57
58
Vincent Lopez
64
62
Carlton wants bet-
ada. The Evening Telegram made arrangements with the Broadcasting Company to bring NBC programmes into Can-
National
1
By J. MILLAR WATT
some ppH ada under the Telegram’s sponsorship, and your columnist was sent to New York to uiake the neces-arrangements. The first NBC
POP—Seeing’» Believing
vessis!
ONLY ONE SMALL LUMP OF SUGAR1 IN MY COFFEE
*
H '
f 1 HOW D'YOU
KNOW K THAT
programme tQ be heard in Canada was the broadcast made by the late Ramsey McDonald, who was then Prime Minister ot England. He ¦Bn the United States paying a visit to President Hoover and the Tclcpram obtained this broad, cast for CKGW, which was considered to be “the event” in radio up to that time. Your columnist remember* how gracious Vineeut Lopez was when we went to him to make arrangements to have his broadcasts heard,in Toronto, weekly, under tnc Eevenng Telesponsorship.
when I push the but-
I
(3
ANY
complaints
X
CAN SEE

IT
O
I

?
I
t #

V
,)

*.


m.0

see
a

.1

seems
gran. • strange
low






a


:

* X

K


¦

1

nz
MJ
R
Hi*
M
BDBmSlBB
w
*

¦l

1 -4
i «
.1
« i
%S
£
#
TA


___ ¦
ïïGCBS CD
M Hii’fflBiB*! Ji
Ï1QE ESBBia EBa
EtiBK üüig
ÜMNB .aeaH S.UQ5
Z2iS Eü. BEE
RE
C JH L
22Eyaa»i
###PAGE###7###
PK



BLACK


i
i

i
»
&
m<
r A
a
He’S doing better
SCHOOL WORK with this
BETTER BREAKFAST

r
air,
VICTOR
ROSSEAU


DAWN
ft
I c5
Sy
H



CHAPTER XXII
mixed (car and fury at him and at Coggsweli.
“Yore jig's up, Pedro,“ said the sheriff, “Yore goin' to come across and come quick, or yore life ain't worth a nickel. I'd just as soon shoot yuh there as I'd shoot a wide winder. Where's Curran?”
I do not know, Scnôr Coggs-wcll," protested the Mexican. “I ride jus* now, back to the range, after lookin' for strays, and you shoot my horse and tie me up.”
“Now listen, Pedro, it ain’t a bit of use lyin' to me," replied the sheriff, “because 1 got the goods on yuh. I been doin' some watchin' myself the last few days, and I seen you and Curran prowlin' around these parts lookin' for someone.
“It watched. you this mornin' ride out into the hills, and I watched you ride back. When I called yuh, yuh tried to git away. Now I'm putting it up to yuh. Curran ain't at the Cross-Bar. Where is he?”
“I see him last night. I do not know today. Me and him we look for this man.” Pedro jerked his head in Dave's direction. “Today I look for strays—”
“I’m puttin’ the question in another way,” said the sheriff patiently. “Where’s Curran got Miss Lois?”
“Senor, I no have see* her since that night she ride away with this
man from Mescal—'
* * e
Coggsweli drew the six-gun from his holster and spun the cylinder. He turned to Dave.
“May as well take this feller where we aim to bury him, " he"said. “No sense in mussin’ up this floor. There’s a place at the edge of the mesa where the ground’s soft.”
He picked up the end of the rope that bound the Mexican and began dragging the man toward the door.
“Senor,” chattered Pedro, “you cannot murder me. I did not take the girl away.”
“You’ve had your chance, Pedro. Come on, Bruce, let’s get him over the sill and finish him,” he added.
The six-gun jerked upward. A scream broke from the Mexican’s lips.
1
Dave stepped forward and relieved Coggswell of his gun. “You can put yore hands down now/' he said. “But yo're goin' to talk quick and straight, if yuh want to get back to Mescal without a nasty mess on yore shoulders, have yuh done with Lois?” .
“Bruce,” answered Coggswell, “I ain't set eyes on Miss Lois since she rode into town the morn in’ of Hooker's murder, sccin' 1 was knocked cold tryin' to purtect you.”
The declining sun shone straight into Dave's eye*, showing the haggard lines of his face, lie stared into Coggswell’s trying to read the truth.
“You swear that’s true?” Da/e cried suddenly.
“I’m talkin’ straight,” answered the sheriff. “I rode up here with the idea of campin’ out and startin’ on a hunt for yore trail in the morn-in’. If someone took Miss Lois away when you was gone, it wasn’t me. Why, I don’t know where you two been hidin’ up. She ain’t hurt bad. is she?”
“She was gettin’ well. We was goin’ to start out tomorrow.” And suddenly the mask of hate vanished from Dave’s face. “I’m believin’ yuh, sheriff,” he said. “But if it wasn’t you who took her away, who was it?”
r


%
s

»,
COUGH SYRUP

1
Young folks burn up lofs of energy In o day. They must hove plenty of good nourishing food. So give them o better breakfast • * . give them Nabisco Shredded Wheat. Mode from 100% Canadian whole wheat It contains the essential energy -builders* carbohydrates, proteins, and the minerals iron and phosphorus. |||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||| Shredded Wheat Is ready-cooked, ready to eat. Try the tested, practical recipes found In every package.
TH1 CANADIAN SMtCDDUD WMIAT COMPANY, LID.
What


ma

s
Invaluable for COUOHS-COLDS
r BRONCHITIS
ASTHMA
WHOOPING COUGH SIMPLE SORE THROAT
%ldron love Veno’s

ü

&

t

a»'

fstt

Nabisco

i V

.v
'


A


DON’T DELAY-BUY A BOTTLE TODAY!
2441
BUY WAR SAVINGS STAMPS FROM YOUR FOOD STORE
Il

m
» m
0
CW
F
\
MAKE YOUR OWN CIGARETTES WITH
Tinte %
rCi
IL
t «-
?
MACDONALD’S
IX
CURTAIN ECRU
$ $
S
k
Sheriff Coggswell was silent. Dave met the keen scrutiny of his eyes, then suddenly’ handed him back his gun and thrust his own into his holster.
“You got the drop on me now, Coggswell,” he said. “I'm trustin’ you. You can take me into Mescal if yuh want to. But I always felt yuh knew I didn't kill old Hooker. And I’m askin’ yuh to trust my word same as I trusted yores, and ride with me to find the skunk that took her away. After that, I’ll be ready to place myself in yore hands.”
1*4-1
Fine Cut
Dave only spoke once during the ride. “Sheriff,” he said, “you lived in this district quite some time, ain't yuh? Ever hear of a waddy disappearin’ mysteriously- Course he didn't have to he a waddy. May have been a prospector.”
He described his discovery of the skeleton in the ravine. “Shot through the back of the head,’’ he said. “Feller had fractured his leg at some time, up near the thigh. It was all healed up rough.”
“Yuh found him?’’ shouted Coggswell, turnhig round in the saddle. "Well, that clears up con-sid'rable more along the lines I was workin'.’’
Super-Super Bomb’» Blast Rocks Aircraft
A MILDER TASTIER TOBACCO
The blast from Britain’s “supersuper blockbusters”—a 12,000-pound bomb—is so great that it rocks an aircraft several thousand feet in the •ky, an R.A.F. pilot related recently. That was his experience after dropping one on the Gnome-Rhone engine works at Limoges, February 8.
“Even at the height of many thousands of feet the blast is sufficient to rock aircraft,” he said. “The whole sky is lit up as though you have created a new sun. The blast seems to linger for a while and spread out.
“After 1 had dropped a 112,000-pounder on the Gnome-Rhone works, I went out to reconnoitre and take photographs. All I can say is that the damage from one of these new bombs looks like a concentrated attack on a number of aircraft with the small type bombs we used in the early days of the war.”


13M
it spoils more quickly than unground meat.
5.	Cooked meat should be allowed to cool, uncovered, then covered tightly and kept cold.
6.	Stews, meat soups, etc., cooked with potatoes or thickened with flour should be used promptly; they spoil quickly.
Spicy Pot Roast
TABLE TALKS
Coggswell bolstered his own gun in turn and gave Dave his hand.
“That goes with me,” he said gravely. "Yo'rc right, Bruce. I'm purty sure yuh didn't kill old Hooker. I been workin* on a line of my own, and I think I'm on the trail. I'm acceptin’ them terms of yores. And in a few minutes I think I'll have some evidence. It's in that cabin. Nope, not Miss Lois. I just trussed up and gagged a hombre who was actin' suspicious, after havin' to kill his horse.”
He led the way into the cabin. Trussed and gagged very effectively upon the floor was the Mexican, Pedro, whom Curran had sent back to the Cross-Bar.
“Ain't had time to question him yet,” the sheriff explained.'* "He was sorter stunned when his horse dropped under him. Now we'll
SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Once more I am going to give you a few meat recipes. I believe we all have the habit of neglecting something "new” in meat dishes, possibly because we feel that a eat dish of any kind satisfies the appetite and we just adhere to a daily or weekly routine.
I'll begin with a few hints about the storing of meat, which we would all do well to study. These are given out by the Department of Agriculture, Ottawa, and are most helpful.
* $
"Senor, 1 tell—don't shoot—I
"Curran
“It's all right, judge,” called Curran, as Lonergan drew rein suspiciously, in the way Ferris had done. "Here's Mr. Ferris, and just me, and we're waitin’ to talk things over pleasant-like.” title,” grumbled Lonergan, distille,’ 'grumbled Lonergan, dismounting and stalking into the shack. He nodded curtly to the ranchman and seated himself upon one of the three stumps, waving away Curran’s offer of a drink. Lonergan’s manner was still that of a judge, a man condescending to meet those socially beneath him.
"What's that noise in there?” demanded Lonergan suspiciously, as Lois, hearing the voice of the new arrival, made a desperate attempt to free herself.
"Yuh can go in and look if yuh want to, Mr. Lonergan,” grinned the foreman. "But that’s strictly a private matter.”
Lonergan strode to the entrance of the smaller room. He could just make out Lois fastened on the bunk, and her eyes turned imploringly upon his. He hesitated, then swung back angrily.
"What’s that mean, Curran?” he demanded.
tell," chattered Pedro, bring the girl this inornin’ to the cabin that the gold prospector built many years ago in the blind canyon.”
“I know where it is," answered Coggswell. “All right, Pedro, yuh saved yore life. I'm goin* to leave yuh tied up here, for which I reckon yoh’H be grateful to me afterward. I'll get yuh a drink of water.”
h
Combine Yi cup water y2 cup vinegar 4 cloves Small bay leaf l/9 teaspoon salt 1 small onion (cut fine)
Place meat in a bowl. Pour over it the spiced liquid. Let stand at least 3 hours* turning meat several times. Remove meat; prepare and cook as Pot Roast, using strained liquid in place of water in cooking.
Proper Storing
1. Unwrap at once. Wrapping paper draws juices from the meat.
Î. Wipe with a damp cloth. Place on a dry plate and cover loosely, preferably with waxed paper.
3.	Store in the coldest place available.
4.	Ground meat should be used propiptly whether raw or cooked;
When To Dry
Hybrid Seed Corn
Coggswell filled a pitcher and held it to Pedro's lips, setting it down beside him when he was th.ough, * He turned to Dave. "Reckon we better ride," he said. “I got my four men waitin’ down below the mesa, but I don’t aim to waste no more time with Miss Lois in the hands of that feller.”
Liver Patties
1 lb. liver (ground)
3	cups soft bread crumbs Va cup grated onion
1 egg
4	tablespoons flour
1 teaspoon salt
Pepper
Mix all ingredients together and shape to fit muffin tins. Roll in additional flour. Place in greased muffin tins and brush tops with ? melted «'fat. Bake in a hot oven, 400*F, 10 minutes. Serve with Sunshine Sauce.
see."
In view of the fact that practically all hybrid seed corn is dried artificially, the findings on this subject of the Forage Crops Division, Dominion Experimental Farms Service, are important. Further research studies on the effect of artificial drying of seed corn harvested at different stages of maturity have served to confirm previous results which showed that the germination of corn containing 40 per cent or more of moisture is so seriously injured by drying of the ears at 110 degrees F., that it is rendered unsatisfactory for seed use. Similar drying had no effect upon the germination of seed from ears which contained 20 to 30 per cent of moisture.
* * *
He pulled the gag out of the mouth of the helpless man, Pedro, who recognized Dave, glared in
For Faster Relief of
CHEST COLDS
Muscular
Aches & Pains Tlrsd Burning Feet
MASSAGE WELL WITH
DEADLY NEW ‘WATER BUFFALO’
¦

Sunshine Sauce
1	tablespoon fat
2	tablespoons flour 1H cups milk
Salt and pepper V/i cups grated raw carrots Make as cream sauce, adding carrots just before serving.


“Got on Bruce’s trail this morn-in\” answered Curran. “He made his getaway, but I nabbed the girl. Was waitin’ for yuh to examine her, after this other business is settled.’’
>


.
QUCKLEYg
whÎte rub

An appreciable rainfall occurs only once every few years in the Egyptian desert.
Sausage Strudel
12 sausages . 1 apple
1 tablespoon brown sugar
Biscuit dough
Make biscuit dough from 2 cups flour. Roll in a rectangle Jd inch thick and 10 inches long. Parboil sausages 5 minutes. Wasp, core and cut apple in 12 wedges, do not peeH, Dip in brown sugar. Press sausages into dough in pairs with 2 wedges of apple between sausages. Leave a small space between each pair of sausages. Bake in a hot oven, 400*F, about 25 min-
(Continued-Next Week)
O'day, as always, the ‘Salada’ label is your guarantee of a uniform blend of fine quality teas.
31
MIDDLE-AGE^
WOMEN W


at;
NEED THIS ADVICEII
If you’re




FF


suffer not nesnea, aizzineee-by this period in a woman try Lydia E. Plnkham’S Veee Compound. Made êêperuillp women. Hundreds of thouaands
. Follow label dlreo-
a -
t^ble
for



bly heiped Made In C
utes.
"1
W--'0F*V.A

u

Mima numbers welee
let#
•be
1
L i
Im

BACKACHE?
look out for Trouble With Veer KIDNEYS
I
%
always ready fa llatea ta j

V
year letters ta “Mima
Sadie a. Chambers 7* West Adelaide S in
I’ve found I can give up dosing !
?”
et
%


Jf
reply.
1
Tve found a far better way to correct I among people who have tried constipation! One that gives me the I Kellogg’S all-bran for constipe-kind of lasting relief I've always I tion due to lack of “bulk” in the diet! wanted, and never got from harsh | all-bran corrects the cause of such
rives. I’ve tried ever somany, but R'S KELLOGG’S ALL-BRAN regularly for me from now on."
Such a happy expmeru e is nisi oneof thousand-
If your back aches or if you have

Bank Staff Make»
Rivets At Night

a
toe trouble. This condition la a aggo that your kidneys are not fully

SEffi

V-,
trouble, by supplying “bulk-forming” material needed for easy, natural elimination. If ihis kind of constipation hasolagued you, try eating KELLOGG’S ALL-BRAN regularly, or several allBRAN muffins everyday. Drink plenty oi water. See if you don t oraiae its welcome r liefi Get auubram at your rtcerei . convenient ti Made by Kofi gg’ in Lonuon, . jl
J
collect. Backache, dizzy * pells.

A miniature munition factory has been opened in a Birmingham, England, bank. After closing their ledgers and locking up cash boxes, men and women clerks return at night as war workers.
The bank is helping a big munition factory to double Its output of rivets. The factory takes the work to and from the bank. The bank staff is paid trade union rates

fm -
m




Mare-tried, proven way to help them known as GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil
Photos above show the Navy's deadly new amphibious tank, the LVT (A)-l "Water Buffalo,” whose improved features include a 37-mm. cannon, two 30-caL machine guns and a turret "super-structure” to
Because of its ability to travel on water, as pictured
The center photo shows it splitting

known diuretic called Dutch Drops. Y

at top, it is doubly foroidable.^*^H**ll**l*^^^*| the nighttime darkness with a stream of death At bottom a "Water Buffalo backstops, with Ha heavy fire power, marines h brought ashore on Parry Island, Eniwetok Atoll, as they take cover behind
you set GOLD MEDAL Haarlem

Dutch DriS-pacM
s



...,, .
iL mm
L

###PAGE###8###



;
F
ii Z
M i
A



¦
4
a
w
»
i


B
!
W

/
<1
& **
//
/


# i
V
hi
t
y



1
YA
XM
l
f a
!
if

*


U

t »
#
/
¦
<

5
m


l J
/

W/

*
m.
\m
J
• ï
w
f.
Y ^

À




£4^
-7

*
\
rc.

S
pi
y
*


'

>-*


ft




7à
m.

à

4-"

r I
y




Jfc v&i
r




%
j

s



A


jtt*.

t

V
Invasion means high tension on the fighting fronts ... combined operations ... thorough team work in every detail. And that call for greater action comes back to us at home. We have a job to do here, too. We must all buy Victory Bonds. We have a responsibility to our mates on the firing line. We can’t let them down.
Vi.
And the job that we are asked to do is .. . save more, and lend more to our country. We are asked to let our country have the use of money that we do not need now. We will have the money later on to improve our farms and to buy stock and equipment ; for new barns and silos ; for new furnishings and conveniences for our homes.
# When a gun goes into action every has a job to do. Seconds count, and team work gets results.
Training . . . endless training . . . gets efficiency that makes each man part of a perfect machine.
But something more than efficiency is needed to make a top-rank fighting unit. There must be loyalty . . . that
spirit of responsibility that.each feels toward his mates.
We've got efficiency on the farm front ... we’re producing more, and with less help to do it. Keep up the teamwork that will make each one of us go all out to support our men on the fighting fronts.
We too, are part of a fighting unit. . . citizens of a nation at war. We must .not let our men on the fighting fronts
down.
'/m
i
tv
• ¦

man


!



i

y

7a
m
man
m

A' <
y



W


/


i
L
W 1

f
M
I
Be ready to buy more Victory Bonds.
Nation*/ War Finança Committaa
. i
\

V
‘I
Auction Sale Dates farm for sale
Mrs. George R. Horner Dies at Ottawa
For Beautiful
Cemetery Memorials
A
Good 100 acre farm in South Onslow,
""	SB |
further particulars apply to
BASIL STANTON,
* Quyon, Que.
\
Mrs. Horner, widow of Rev. G.
R. Horner, of Shawville, and a resident of Otta.va for two years, passed away at the borne	^
85th V0rtr«	I	OBtt _	,	> l ,*
The former Louisa Carmen, she	5—Jno. W. Briscoe, Nrrthcote
was born at Wakefield, the daugh |	10—Mrs. Addle Cardiff & Son*,
ter of the late Levlue Carmen and	Renfrew, Ont.
his wife, Eliza Kirk. Her bus	n_ Jno Viggers, Westmeath \
band, who was a minister of the 13—Gordon Wilson, Campbells Standard Church of America, oc-	Bay, Que.	Two hundred acre farm in the* Town-
cupied the pulpits of various	14—Kenneth Pirie, Murrells.	ship of South Onslow, well	improved ;
churches in the district until re	17—Wm J. Foss, Haley’s Station,	lots of water ; 165 acres under cultiva-
tiring, when he and his wile came	19—Lawrence Ross, Beach burg,	tion ; good buildings ; four	miles from
to Shawville.	.	.	.	20—Herman Rallies, Northcote,	Quyon village. For further	particular
ÜSÜ -EEEr™ “
who predeceased her some yeais	ARNOLD ON KILL
Ag0i	^ I	Auctioneer
She leaves one adopted son Car-1 phone 42 man Hurley, Ogdenaburg, N. X-. and a number of nieces and neph*
M
v; "s*»;
31
*4
x
r
write or phone
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
on
x
FARM FOR SALE
•Phone 278
IB
perfumes . . .
, ® j
reminiscent of Old France . . .
AUDACE
COMETE
HORIZON
CLIFFORD HOBBS,
Quyon, Que.
Phone 19 • 31
#
0
»
0
///,
i
Douglas, Ont.
Are You Making a Will ?


If so. and it is your wish to identify your name with some charitable institution out of a desire to benefit others, you could not do better than remember The Pontiac Community Hospital when making your bequests
ews.	- .
The funeral was held at the Hayes’ Funeral Parlours on Friday morning to Shawville Standard Church, where service was conducted by the pastor, Rev. R J.
Robertson, assisted by Rev. 8.
Mo ".mint Church. .	„	! to onakl. ... to rend™ tM Hunt >PI>I
Interment was made in Radford j cation of themew told W a\e 1 ermanent. United Church cemetery, the pill I Complete at a popular price of bearers being, Messrs. Clifford | phone 54 for appointment.
Horner. Victor Findlay,
Caldwell, Allen Horner, hid rid and Russell Men.


NEW GOLD WAVE
PERMANENT
QaMxJ&y'urfL
Drop In am! see us for ' further particular#
DOREL
Old France in miniature
With their famous pre-war tread designs, now obtainable in synthetic rubber for essential wartime service
1
Massey-Harris Dairy Machines
*
à;
Mrs. M. Lemaire, Campbell’s Bay, Que.
THE CORNER STORE
V
o- -
Estate Mrs. M. G. Howard
Main and Centre Sts SHAWVILLE
ÉïSISllLsÊl^s||ilIIII
.... JssTïrisir' &.tt
road in 1942 were $21.74 compared commence September 1st, 1944. : alary
i reduction o( I SS0.00 per month.	_
The average loss per	E. J. RICHAltDSON,
Secretary Tresurer
R, R, No. 2, Wakefield, Que.
I
fi
• All the beet and newest develop* ment» in synthetic rubber are incorporated in Dunlop S 3 Cable Cord Tires. But remcm-
be plentiful 1944. So keep driving inside the pre-
. .. cross - switch your
tires occasionally . . .
keep them properly inflated
. . . and, above all, have your
tires regularly checked by a Dunlop dealer.
ROLAND ELLIOTT,
Massey - Harris Dealer
VumpbeH’s lity, Qua.


CARDS OF THANKS


Phone 41	22
with $27.53 in 1941,
21	per cent.
fire decreased from $1,605 in 1941 to $1.259 last year, a reduction of
22	per cent. There were 4,648 firçs reported in 1541 compared with 4,593
in 1942, a decrease of 1 per cent.
In 1942, wrecks were responsible for larger fire losses than those attributed to any other single factor.
The 1942 fire loss so assigned was $1,298,627. Smoking and matches, resulting in losses of $862,757, was second on the year’s list of causes.
"" *" * “nkn°™ =£21
Shaw ville, Que
We wihli to extend our heartfelt
thanks to our friend» for alt their acta
of kindness and sympathy during our recent bereavement.

V
Desirable Property
For Sale

Cabman tiuRUtf
Bestha Brown Elm a Brown
. *
Make Yours a Gold Wave

•v

>
Located in the Village of Shawville, vonaia.ir.g of large dwelling house, «table and approximately seven acres of IsMj for particular#. Apply to Selling Committee—	I
We wiah to exprese onr deep gratitude th our many friends, neighbours and ttives for their many acta of kind new and expression# of aynijMithy during il Inert and death of our dearly beloved wife and mother.	,
to the
We are pleased to announce public of Shawville and district that have installed the New Arista Cold
we
DUNLOP - CANADA
?
the

TIP FS*
THE WORLD'S FINEST
Makers of
'
Thos. Eades, Mr.eT.AND Honores,
end J. L Hodoinb
o,
George Mke and Family
h>..i
Sasp

r i •

-5

