###PAGE###1###
t

V
No. 34 60th Year
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25th 1943
¦ • ——
A c%r loud >1 feed wheat l* ex pet ted to rnndve at Biiatol C. N. R
Station shortly. For flirt liei I H II I HiHi l^nArtleulaM apply to ÜY.ARKXCE Hart—At the Royal Victoria Hospi-
Kr'	"	1	«rts 4.W toTM g
¦111 ^....................................WÊÊM
w,r ^ ..............
• —	J043, T-^ïeHa Stark, widow of the Ute ubrUt church Cntlndml.
Robert Hobb^ m her 84th year. 11k- Surviving Mde* hi* wld Extend Condolences to | funeral will be held On Thursday
I. Sestli
BIRTHS
gowlixg
BUSINESS
Edmond Sheppard, Former Resident of Shawville District Dies in Ottawa
I


COLLEGE

Corner Bank’and Somerset Street8
Ottawa Ontario
the C/enuine
Shsrw/h . Williams m	*
emi-fustre
Thin oj
_____ Iveliabl school Iihm removed to aige and finer pi emi»es. The finest snd mod
model ii i it Ontario
.<ch<jol with
Attend a
_	h n e»tabJI»hed
reputation Open al Jyear.
*
•ion, 29 cents.
SATIN - ENAMEL
W. E. COWLING Président
DW Are
,	...	* -on, Thon. K. of Ottawa, and
afternoon from the lat; home to several nieces and nephews.
Shaw ville Holiness Movement Church The funeral was held on Tnes.
and Maple Grove Cemetery.	day in the Hulse and Playfair
chapel, 315 McLeod Street, at 2 30.
n	n	with Canon Howard Clarke ofti
Doherty—At the Pontiac Community elating.
Hospital, Sbawville, Que., on Sunday
morning, Feb. 21st, 1943, William
James Doherty, beloved husband of	1 | I I
Margaret Beattie, in his 78th. year. Mr*. Patrick Sajnmon Dies at the The filheral was held on Tuesday Age of 84 Year* afternoon. 23rd, from the late home at Caldwell. Que., to St. Matthew’s
Their Majesties
Mr. and Mrs. H.
H. W. BRAITHWAITE
Prli.cipa
JAMES A. MILLAR
L. L*
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, ....
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
Al Moyle’. Hotel, Campbell*. Bay •vary Wednesday morning
At PontiacHouee, Shaw ville Wednesday at Noon
The sensational washable satin enamel for walls, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other stains wash off with soap and water. We have a full selection of the lovely pastel shades.
i
Mr, And Mrs. H. I. Smith, of Maryland, have received a letter of condolence from tbei ('.Majesties the King And Queen, .relative to the death of their son, Flight Sergeant, Edgar Smith, who was officia 11 y reported missing on July 28th, and whose funwal was later reported at Kin*, Germany, on August 1st, MM2.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith have two other sons serving in the Royal Canadian Air Force, Leslie, over seas, and Kenneth, in Canada.
t
,	-, j L. u . v .i i “t1 Patrick Summon, life long
l sited Church and Cemetery, North | resident of the Onslow district. Bristo
died on Saturday at the home of lier daughter-in law. Mrs. Michael Sam mon, of W 1er«teud. Que., at
PERSONAL MENTION I “hoT t V>Z\l\ near Qnyon.
her maiden name was Celia Joyce,
EF~:‘K'8s‘
G r shorn. Richard wm: cent.*, R. Mrs ()i in Simon#, of Thetford | Onslow Corners ; Mrs. R'chard McCredie; wings Lennox, Gibs.m; M«ne», <*«•.. is visiting «t ‘be M«||oy, ,,f Ottawa, and Mrs. J.
sSr’ssssYJS-KÏS"^ "“te ftx	¦	»»*,
R.feree.H. D.I., of Sh.w.i,,.. |SÏ'Æ.X.M*™ "."SI	------
Miss Ruth Katies and Mrs. Bert,
Bittle, of Carleton Place, spent the week-end with relatives in town and vicinity.
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
notary public
Ora.luate ofMcGIII University
SHAWVILLEOUE.
i
Shawville Wildcats Trim Renfrew Woolen Mills
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
*? Estate C. J. Caldwell f-

J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate Barrister Solicitor, etc;
OmCK : Campbell's Bh>, Quebec
(In| Lawn Block)

FIRST ARRIVAL
DONAT Le GUERRIER
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
of
Branch at Quyon ;
Monday on request
Matters dealt with by con et] or dn
will call any
NEW SPRING DRESSES
R. MILLER WALLACE
4&VOCAT - barrister
HULL, QUEBEC Consultations by Appointment

Norman Brownlee Widely Known Businessman Dies Sudjenîy
Clarendon Women’s Institute
The February meeting of Claren don Women’s Institute met at i._. home of Mrs. Thos. Stephens on I Mr*. Richard Pentland, of Otta-Friday afternoon, Feb. 12th, with I wa, soient the week end at the an attendance of eight members home of her parents, Mr. and Mm and three visitors.	| Wellington Smart.
-aig I JBtfAÿaf
jüssnsÀ'v#
and saluting of the flag.	i Hospital.
During the business period a Messrs Ernest and Harry donation was voted for seeds for Hobbs, of Massey, and William Hritian; also one to the Hospital Hobbs, of Windsor, have been in refrigerator.	town owing to the serious illness
Two boxes were packed for; the of their mother. Mrs. Robt Hobbs, Clarendon boys overseas. Pillow whOHe death occurred on Tues-slips were distributed among the dRy members to be made for the bon-
pi ta I.	^
A paper was read by Mrs. Har-y Hodgins entitled, "farm women fiould keep more records of their time”.
The roll call was a valentine verse which was enjoyed by all.
The meeting closed by singing the National Anthem. Refreshments were served by the hostess, assis ted by friends.
Norman Brownlee, a resident of Ottawa since 1U00 and well known sportsman for years, died suddenly on Saturday, Feb. 18, as a result of heart ailment from which he had suffered for a lengthy period.
He was in his flflth year.
Mr. Brownlee, who for the past four years was manage: of the Willis Piano Company, Ltd., head offre in Montreal, and was spending bis customary week end at home in Ottawa. Driving up town he suddenly felt ill and drove to the office of Dr. J. H. Alford, his physician, to receive treatment. For a time he seemed to be recovering and then suffered a m	relapse, his death occur ling as he
Mr. G A. Howard returned lay resting in the doctor's office, home last week after spending Mr. Brownlee was born and several weeks at the homes of his educated in Shaw ville, and was a sons, Ambiose, yin Guelph and son of the late William Brownlee Dean, in Toronto. In Toronto G and his wife, Mary Richardson A, attended a Boston Toronto His wife, who survives, if the for-hockey game and chatted with mer Alice McKinney.
Murph Chamberlain and Bill Mr. Brownlee began business in Uowlev, the league leading point Shaw ville and for more than 40 getter.	years was with the Willis Piano
to1 h’-JSÏStoi1-» SSioïïïd to mid. Utbe family	...........
sppiz
Bfeifejer—SSULSMS
Women s Institute was held with	---_------ hunter and tt-herinau. He won
a fair attendance of member® and	repute for his skill as a traps hooter
visitors.	, ,	. Nursing Sister Dorothy Hayes	and was a member of the St. Hu*
The president. Miss Pritchard j n ¦	bert Gun Association and a charter
presided, assisted by the secretary, nonourea	__	member of Farrell’s Lake Fish and
Mrs. Roland Graham.	,	Game Club, near Utter Lake. He
After routine business, a large On Monday evening, Feb 15th, Was a great dug lover and wa® number of friendly and interest- Mrs. Albert Manary, entertained fcnown a9 * breeder of English ing letters of thanks and apprécia- at a shower in honour of her sister. settPrs. some winning high awards tion were read from .the hoy* in nursing sister Dorothy Haye®, ju the field.
the service, as well as notes from recently returned from South He had no children and was the friends bereaved. t e e	Africa, and whose marriage took ,rt8t 81lrviving member of his
The president read a kind letter place in Lend on. Ont., on Satur- fa niily from a friend in Scotland, who day. February 20th.	A flinerR| service was held at
would enioy making contact® with Thirty-five guests were present, the Chapel of fluNe & Playfair, girls from Canada, to entertain The bride;to-be was seated in an Ltd Ottawa, on Tuesday, and them in her home	arm chair which was decor a ted the remains were conveyed to
A program and nominating with pink and white ribbon, and Shawvilleaud rested at theFuner-coramittee were named, reports to later Miss Hayes was presented Home of W. J. Hayes, until b<r presen ted at the annual meet- with a pink and white satin trim- Wednesday afternoon, when the ing.	,,	,	»»cd basket containing many flllieral was held to St, PaulV
It was decided to make some been til n I gift®, by Miss Patricia ohnrch, service being conducted duty bags for the navy and a cash McDowell and Mrs. Art Hudgins, by tbe rector, Rey. K C. Bolton, donation was given towards the Mise Hayes graciously thanked interment was made in the par refrigerator for the blood bank at her friends, and afterwards dis-	cituetery, the pall bearers
the Community Hospital,	played a collection of tokens and were Messrs. W. A. Hod gins, J. P
Items were given on "The Feder* souvenirs which she brought Wilson, Gordon Richardson, J E ated Institutes.” "British Woman s from South Africa, describing the (j0WRU John W. Horner and Institutes help ration® go further” uses and the legends surrounding Harry McKinney, and "Loose thinking aids the each.piece.	Mrs. Brownlee was accompanied
enemy.”	*	,	. hollowing the interesting di- to Shaw ville by two sister®, Mrs.
A valentine roll call, the distil- play dainty refreshment® were! Qee Meredith, of Ottawa, and Mrs button of good news leaflets and ' served by the hostess, assisted bv] Fred Bronson, of Qnyon ; a niece, thesingingof "O Canada” brought: Miks ldena Brownlee, Mrs. Bob Mrs Patton, of Montreal, and a the program to a close. Tea was I hairfieh^ Mrs. Allen Guv and the I nephew. Mr. Harry McKinney, of served by the hestess.	j bride s mother, Mrs. VV. J. Hayes, j B rock v il to
the
Beautiful New Crepes and Spuns, etc.
( Plain and Printed )
Cheerful bright shades, smartly styled Nine assortment sizes, 12 to 20
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAW VILLE
$3.95
DR. H. K. NEILSON

Eye, Ear, Nose and Threat SPECIALIST
House Dresses
Ç
ONT.
OTTAWA,
i
PHONE, 2-7961
New shipment of House Dresses Good smart styles
Choose your requirements early while
selection is good
$1.29	$1.59	$1.95
8
Quantity limited
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
46 BronsonAve.,Cor.Gladstone,
OTTAWA. ONTARIO
.?

1
I
»
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAUIHAU0H8
Wyman Women’s Institute
Alpine-cloth Skirts
Gordon T Paul I N SU RANCE
i
( Very scarce )
Mostly Navy’s and Blacks
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
$2,95 each
i
QUE
SHAWVILLE
Cotton Blouses

Russi» Warmest in Southwest
The warmest part of Russia is the southwest section around the Black and Caspian seas, but even there temperatures often drop below 18 degrees Fahrenheit. During the Crimean war (1854) trenches around Sevastopol were snow-covered, and a great number of soldiers were treated for frostbite. Thus the "Riviera" pf Russia also shivers under the pressure of winter’s blow. Lowlands in Transcaucasia, between the Caucasus mountains and he frontier of Turkey and Iran, are warm even in winter, but much of h:s region is high, cold and windswept.
Lovely New Selection $1.00 each
THE W. A. HODCINS STORE
Quebec
Shawville
###PAGE###2###
g RADIO REPORTER
What do you suppose Foster | parachutes In many of the Isolated
«
B,

«1



REX FROST

m

•-
4

i
y


spots
Hewitt, the well known dynamic hockey announcer does when he gets through him thrilling description over the radio of a Saturday night national hockey gaL.s? Did i hear anybody suggest that he puts on his hat and coat and en* joys a hit of «pilot relaxation at home? Well, that Is Just what Foster Hewitt does NOT do starts In to work for several hours. It seems that Foster's air dsceription of the Saturday night hockey games le recorded In order that Canadian soldiers In Great Britain and oilier parts of the world may follow the tor tunes of Canada's national sport . . . hockey. But for the purposes of transmission overseas the game which ordinarily takes about an hour aud a half of air time, has to be condensed to .10 minutes. Foster's Job therefore immediately following the broadcast is to listen to the record, pick out the highlights and boil them down into a half hour programme. When this has been done, and it is sometimes quite a lengthy process lasting into the early hours of the following morning. Canada's premier hockey announcer can enjoy u spot of rest. But not before. The record is then rushed to a transmission point and beamed by short wave on Sunday for the benefit of the Canadian forces overseas. From all reports this series of International hockey broadcasts has come to be enjoyed Just as much by the British public. Canada was the first country to send special shortwave transmissions overseas for the en-tertalnmrnt of the lads in the services.

i.
4

• • •
In North America Sunday nlgfit has always been regarded fie the highlight of the week in reel tiptop quality radio entoriabmM uL CFRII Toronto has just aititoumed that on Sunday evening, February 21et, 9 p.m., it will bring for lw> minion listeners the first Canadian edition of the Columbia Hmui-tastlug System's excltlni "The Radio Reader’s f)i> though a comparative newcomer to the air, this programme ij.s been placed already among tb# first ten In two different d!vi: ions of the recently concluded radio poll In the United Blites. Conrad Nagel, famous star of screen, stage and radio, Is Master of Ceremonies, and tbe whole production has been built around a dramatic and musical personnel of elaborate proportions. Here is a programme which 1 feel most listeners will agree is entirely cl if ft rent and extremely versatile.
*

$
%


i
t
\
&
» %
F Jr •
4-	‘	*
•N
F


j
lie
V
M


«
5
F
j?’’ A!
litre
» .
*
4 S %: -V
ylv_ v -i

%
*
I
¦
.

COSSÀCKS CF THÉ ÇÀUCÀSÜ5
â
t
’


%
W %

I
Ai
i
L .:--ujikkJ


L$*ï
s
M
.> a\ing loin, .y-gans where they once brandished swords, steel-hvlmetcd Cossacks charge over a ridge on tho Caucasus iront, faii.ous rough riders of Russia are reporte I spearheading the advance against the Nazis along the Georgievsk-Armavir-Rostov road
ese
An Experiment In Feeding Hogs
the sister of h.m that was dead,
him, Lord, by this )dy devayvth; for he îead four days. Jesus into her. Said ! not unto that if thou believed=t, Mould see the glory of ords while addres-
e she is je. tion, uttered
this resurrection call corresponds with the mighty effect. The great voice or shout, from One who vxhs wont to speak so gently and quietly, thrilled the heart of every listener. The significance of this mighty deed we cannot o\or estimate. for it 's on the one hand, a profoundly significant symbo1 of Christ’s redemption, and on the other, a s
right and power To redeem
S U N D A Y SCHOOL LESSON
#
smith unt time the hath saith thee, thou G ' " ' !
sed fi Martha
the one who raised the oh
y have been nefit of all who
CFR13 Toronto annul il
Also a
change In the time of prés» illation of two popular broadcast» To accommodate the Radio Read* r e Digest It has been ne
Vitamin Deficiency Dis cussed by The Winnipeg Free Press
^to
move the m- < h listened to draw-atlc feature "In His Stops’* whiih from now on will be heard 2% hours earlier, namely, ti.:tO Sunday evening. Enthusiasts foi -the series of thrilling mystery drama* known as ‘‘The Green Hornet" which has been heard for porno time 9 o'clock Friday evening CFHH Toronto will now h^vt- to tune in the 780 kilocycle waveband at 7.15 Saturday night.
February 28
KSVS RESTORES
TO LIFE PRINTED TEXT John 11:20-29, 32-25, 38-44 GOLDEN TEXT.— !
licit, and the life. Jill
i
LAZARl
J
The current vitamin craze may be strongly tinged with faddism, hut the new interest that is being aroused in the life-giving qualities of our foods is all to the good none the loss. We are discovering at last that our health depends not vn Jiow much we cat, but what wo eat.
The havoc which vitamin deficiency can wreak was recently shown very vividly in Texas with an experiment in pig breeding. There is a lesson for humans to learn from these experiments.
During the height of the dust bowl years, two litters of pigs in separated communities were bom blind. The authorities set out to discover the reason. Experiments were conducted in hog diet. One diet was devised which was completely devoid of Vitamin A. Sows fed on this diet farrowed pigs which were not only blind but which had no eyes.
In one experiment, a sow became too weak to stand. She wae given one dose of cod liver oil. In eight hours she was standing again. When her pigs were bom they were blind but had rudimentary eyes. The experiments were carried a step further. The pigs which were born eyeless were interbred and put on vitamin A diets. In every case their offspring had sound eyes and eyesight.
The conclusion which can be drawn from this experiment ie clear. Many of the defects in our bodies can be often attributed to the diets of our mothers. The mothers of today who take care of their diets are more likely to produce babies with better bodies, sounder organs and a chance foi a healthier life than those who regard modern science as newfangled nonsense.
testimony to His
must s for the
near and were spoken to re those who had confos
e
I
the
am
l
r
rest;"
11.25
Memory Verse: 1 love thee, O Ji booth. Vsalm 18:1.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Tin c— January, A.D. 30.
Place —The homo of Mary and Martha, in the village of Bethany, which i ' ov er the ridge on the eastern slope of the Mount of Olives, opposite Jerusalem.
"Manila, therefore, when sin heard that Jesus whs coming, went and met him; but Mary still sat in the house. Martha therefore said unto Jesus, Lord, if Thau hadst been here, my brother had not died. And even now I know that, whatsoever Thou shall ask of Clod, God will give Thee." The charact. ristics of those two sisters are evident. Mary, the quieter of the two, and the more meditative, remains in the home while Martha, as soon as she hears that the Lord is coming, goes out to meet Him. Mary knows that whatever Christ might ask of God, He would grant which means that she believes Christ, even now, can raise her brother from the dead.
fait’ in Him that in ordering the s! -to be removed He was only ng an act which would reveal the glory of God, and should thus persuade them to do what he had commanded them to do.
Jesus Gives Thanks
"So they took away the vtone, and Jesus lifted up his eyes, and said, Father, I thank Thee that Thou hvardest me. And 1 knew that thou hearest me always; Rut becaree of the multitude that standeth around I said it, that they may believe that Thou didst send me." In Christ's calm consciousness of His unity with God, of fulfilling the Father’s mission and purpose, He thanks the Father tor the opportunity given Him of setting forth the glory of God.
Symbol of Redemption
And when he had thus spoken, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, come forth. He that was dead came forth, bound hand and foot with grave-clothes; and his face was bound about with a napkin. Jesus said unto them, Loose him, and let him go.” The simple grandeur, brevity and force of
Western Canada Wheat Marketings
i>\ur
ini
Marketings of wheat in Western Canada during the crop year 1943-44, starting next August 1, will be restricted to 14 bushels an authorized acre, Trade Minister • MacKinnon announced in the House of Commons.
The 11)43-44 wheat board payment for wheat sold under the 14-bushel quota will be the same as in 1942-43—90 cents a bushel basis No. I northern at Fort William.
Farmers who produce more than 14 bushels of wheat to the seeded acre will not be able to sell the excess to the wheat board at the guaranteed minimum price.
Under the new program, any wheat a farmer has on hand, whether it is produced in 1943 or in any previous year, may be delivered within the quota.
Minimum prices for oats, barley and flaxseed will be continued at the 1942-43 level.
# e
A LISTEN TO
More recently, since the entry into the war of the United States, radio has also played an important part in faho entertainment of Uncle Sams Doughboys, sailors airmen now spread into the far distant corners of the globe. Apart from the special transmissions which are received direct in the more important spheres where American troops are now fighting the cause of freedom, recordings of many radio programs are being dropped by means of
“COUNTRY
NEWS
bj

Items of Interest From Ontario Weekly Newspapers
EACH SUNDAY AT 2 P.M
CFRB—860 on your dial
i
¦
¦
!
ANCIENT FORTIFICATION
14-bushel
Answer to Previous Puzzle
11	European country.
12	Vexes.
13	Doctor (abbr.) 16 Organ of sight 19 Spike.
21 It was built for national
HORIZONTAL
1 Ancient Chinese . fortification.
9 It dates from the century B. C
14 Answered
a
ICE Q;PjCE|_
~35to|nMp|a
H
OPE
T

Resurrection and Life
“Jesus saith unto her, brother shall rise again. Martha saith unto Him. I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection of the last day. Jesus said unto her, 1 am the resurrection, and the life; he that believeth on me, though he die, yet shall he live.” The word “resurrection" is to be taken in its widest sense, so that it is true to say that life results from resurrection, and resurrection from life, to the be •fever. He must share Christ's hfe in order to have fhe power within him of thn resurrection from the grave t » th » endless life, ar d by Marine Christ s risen life now in faith h-» is in fact Then with Christ, ard independent of every future change death of the body itself and sh HI be kept from endless death.
m
TA
T
Tin
h ^nr-ifî
® isr«](5
SSQiilB

E
By William Ferguson
THIS CURIOUS WORLD
>o him*****
SifiWiSmE
' *1
5
15 Grain fumigntor.
17	Also.
18	Like tin.
20	Fish.
21	Candles.
22	Tethering rod
23	Measures.
25 Diner.
27	Appointment 48 Hendgear to meet.
28	Profits from land.
33 Deliverances 5- Feline beast from evil
37	Sheltered place.
38	Candy.
40	Right (abbr.). 58 It extends
41	Sources of
____	24	Street (abbr.)
¦¦11 26 Meal.
U'NlGI 27 Muscid fly.
29	To harden.
30	Postscript A»FiF1 (abbr.).
'	31	Ell.
VERTICAL 32 Ever (eontr.
34	Flatterer.
35	Mongrel.
36	To grow old.
3	One instructed 39 To aid. in a secret system.
4	Shad.
5	Palm lily.
6	Moistens.
7	Entrance.
8	Lean.
9	Transposed (abbr.).
10 Personal
m
fPOgKOi
s

B
B
MMiaaia r=mon
iBBBBsa otang
•mnwcieMii
NAZIS, ,
PLEASE NOTE/

m
*
45 Pertaining
to talc.
A
‘S '•
1	Grain (abbr.)
2	Networks.
i,
51 Mother-of-pearl.
Planes Clear Seas Of Magnetic Mines
X
42 Dazzling
9» ••
•V
light
55	Sell.
56	Weighing machine.
57	Native metal
43 Morning.
46	Person opposed.
47	Ovule.
49	Since.
50	2000 pounds.
52	To read.
53	Circle part.
54	Golfing term

t
The Air Ministry released a three-year-old secret recently in telling ow Wellington bombers helped clear the seas around Rrit-aln's coast of the German magnetic mines which once were Hitler’s “secret weapon” and which threatened the supply lines to these Islands In the last three months ef 1939.
The minesweepers of the air were equipped with a hoop shaped casing extending all around them and secured to their nose, wings and tall. The casing held a magnetic coll and the current was supplied by an auxiliary engine of the ordinary Ford VS
type.
The equipment was designed to set up a magnetic current which would set off the then new type
of mine.
Minesweeping from the air continued some four months, after which It became no longer necessary, the (surface) ships having been fitted with degaussing gear, which nullified the magnetic mines.
/
along the northern • of China. 59 Waltzed.
B
core, mj by ma WA.icr inc
T M «C V. * FAT OFF.
OWN THROUGH
THE AGES, ANIMALS	WKÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKÊÊH^M
HAVE DISAPPEARED FROM THE EARTH WHEN THEiR PIG ACAAOPED BODIES OUTGREW THEIR J»4/A(f/
pain
42 Tooth tissue 44 And.
Believing in Christ
'And whosoever liveth and believe th on mo shall never die. Be-lieveet thou this? She saith unto Him, Yea. Lord, 1 have believed that Thou art the Christ, the son of God, even he that cometh into the world how Christ seems to emphasize, above everything else, the importance of believing in Him.
Compassion for Mary
“And when she had said this, •he went away, and called Mary her sister secretly, saying, The Teacher is here, and call et h thee. And she, when she heard it. arose quickly, and went unto him. Mary therefore, when she came where Jesus was, and saw him, fell down at his feet, saying unto him, Lord, if thou hadst been here, my b roter had not died.” No doubt, Mary and Martha had continually talked about the Lord's coming to the house, before Lazarus had died, and had both concluded that, should the Ix>rd come, theii brother would be healed. This may account for the fact that her words to Christ are identical with those ef her sister.
“When Jesus therefore saw
enemy
2
3
4	5
6
9
7
IO
I
M
12
13
9
14
15	16
HOW MANV STATES OF ^ THE U.,*. BORDER THE Q GULF OF MEXICO."
17
IQ
\9
20
Note particularly
V
r4'T>
2/
22
23
24
s®


4PMS
it
25
[dP
27
a-t>
za 2? 30
31

&

8
I
y
se
- ÜBSûiflFvll'-A
54
33
36
35
37


y
X
58
39
40
Social and medical workers
SW THAT ÆA77/V* O/AT (COMMON SOIL) IS A HABIT
frequently found among
PERSONS SUFFERING FROM
MALA/UrA/rtOMf 6.4
43
Z
44
5 46
47
48 4?
50
51
53
52
54
ANSWER: Five and Florida.
5S
. Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama
5b
57
A new company in Rumania plans to produce 2.000 tons of silk cocoons by next year.
3H

NEXT. Snakes alive!

POP—Noting Business Improvement
By J. MILLAR WATT
THE DOCTOR MUST BE DOING BETTER
c^NOW THAN
BEFORE \ THE WAR
HE JUST TOLD ME
"THERE'S NOTHING
WRONG ______
WITH
wuy ?
her weeping, and the Jews also weeping who came with her, he groaned in the spirit, and was troubled, and said, “Where have ye laid him? They say unto him, Lord, come and see. Jesus wept.” The term “to weep” does not indicate, like the word weeping in verse 33, sighs, but tears; it is the expression of a calm and gentle grief.
MO
/I
l
Â
i
*
ME
*\i
i




$

E

m
Victory Over Death
“Jesus therefore again groaning in himself cometh to the tomb. Now it was a cave, and a stone lay against it. Jesus saith, TnVe ye away the stone. Martha,
*

L


I
d
«jfkieVr. In*
%?*«! U\ Ttiw

###PAGE###3###
Optical Glass Production In Canada Heavy
The hospital waiting room had drab gray walls. To brighten it up, the wicker furniture had been lacquered a yellowish pale green. Enid knew that she'd never again see that sickly shade of green without feeling 111, without smelling the odor of disinfectants and drugs, without feeling the leaden heaviness of that long hour of waiting outside the emergency room.


m
how YOUNG CANADIANS
CAN HELP TO WIN THt WAP

M

I’VE FOUND A GRAND WAY TO CORRECT MY CONSTIPATION I
m
7



c
-AND A WAR SAVINGS STAMP TOO. MR.BROWN
WE CAN BUY WAR
SAVINGS STAMPS at
THE GROCERY STORE NOW
9
Precision Instruments Also Made In Dominion



TrS
A


IL
Until a year and s half ago Canada had never manufactured
kl
m
*
rl fir
IC.:
1 tu
optical glass; nor were precision Instruments for war purposes made In the Dominion. Research Enterprises, a Government-owned company, melted Its first optical glass In June, 1141, and is now producing many thousands of pounds of it a day.
Canada needed more optical glass than ever before Just at the time, In 1939, when its importation from Germany stopped. Great Britain a

*
#
The doctor, when he finally appeared, was grave. He said that Mom was rallying splendidly, that she'd be all right without a doubt, but that Pop— He faced the girls frankly. "It's a bad case of pneumonia. I can’t give you any hope. We'll do what we can."
A few minutes later a nurse beckoned to Enid and told her that the superintendent wanted to see her downstairs couldn't find the elevator, so she walked down two flights of stairs and located the office. The superintendent motioned her brusquely to a chair beside her desk.
"We are going to have to send to Cleveland for some oxygen," the woman explained. "Your father’s life depends upon it. Can you pay for it?"
Enid stood up. "He must have it," she said desperately. "I’ll— I’ll get the money."
She was thinking frantically. She had less than $25 left of her savings—just the amount she had counted on for food and small items during the last week of her stay in the apartment. If only she hadn’t spent all her savings— $350. She needed the money now to save Pop's life. And it was gone. What was she going to do?
(Continued Next Week)

• Here's the sensible, enjoyable	gatives that give only temporary
means that so many people take to	relief. Try KELLOGG'S ALL-
correct the cause of constipation	BRAN, in cereal or breakfast muf-
duc to lack of the right kind of	tins, drink plenty of water, and sec
“bulk" in the diet: they cat ALL-	why it's called the “better way".
BRAN regularly!	Ask your grocer for KELLOGG'S
Tiiis delicious cereal keeps thou- ALL-BRAN today. In two conve-aands regular naturally ... stops nient sizes; and in individual serving their trouble “before it starts" . . . packages at restaurants. Made by eliminates their need of harsh pur- Kdlogg’s in London, Canada.
WA* Sav l’AMP
V


e®
I

1
f

Z
I
r
THAT'S SWELL,CHRlSSIE. "J^SAVE 16 STAMPS and I
2 TVOUUGET A$5CERTIFICATE
LOOK,MOTHER-I'VE GOT THE 1 WAR SAVINGS STAMP/
.
/


the United State*, the only two possible suppliers lett, had their hands full meeting their own needs. Therefore, Canada set
!V
%
\
Enid
9

# SERIAL STORY

$

WHEN A GIRL MARRIES
up a crown company which is making history today In an intricate production field never before entered upon In this country.
6,000 Workers Employed
Output of jptlcal glass, however, is by no means the firll span of Re-searoh Enterprises’ activities. The amazing instruments this country turns out include gun sights, dial sights, periscopes, range finders, fire-control devices and other work on the secret list.
More than 6,000 workers are employed in this crown company's huge plant, 60 per cent, of whom are technicians or highly skilled workers—a higher percentage by far than in the usual munitions plants.
At the same time, in an old garage building in Montreal, a small concern is making test tubes, ampules and other lines of medical glassware no longer available from the regular foreign supply sources. The work there is carried on under the guidance of a small group of highly skilled glass-makers from Czechoslovakia, who were brought to Canada after Munich.

T
r-

BY RENE RYERSON MART



RESCUE AND REMORSE
CHAPTER XII
"See you Sunday," Hank Holliday said as he bid Enid good night. “You're to do another por-« trait of Sonny for me, remember?"
Enid smiled. "Yes," she said.
She waited with her key in the door and watched him go on down the hull, slim, blond, carrying himself with that easy assurance she admired so much. He turned at his own door and waved a careless hand at her. ,
She had no way of knowing that before she saw him again many, many things would be changed.
The heat wave lasted until Sunday morning, and then just at dawn it broke in a terrific storm. Enid sat up in bed frightened and dazed. The wind was whipping through the open bedroom windows and the curtains were flying back into the room.
She slid out of bed, stumbled in the darkness against a chair and ran to close the windows. Then she pulled the blinds and lit the lights. She had always been afraid of storms, and this was the first time she ever remembered being alone in one. Her teeth were chattering as she crept hack into bed.
Enid felt calmer at once and her dazed mind began to function.
Tom said he’d be right over when she explained things over the telephone to him. "Now don't worry," he told her. "There’s a lot of small islands in the lake. They’re probably quite safe on one of them."
The 100-mlle drive to the lake seemed endless although Tom drove as fast as he dared on the wet and treacherous road. They didn't talk much.
Once Tom said, "Gee, I’m glad you're back. 1 missed you like h—” He broke off abruptly, remembering that she didn't like to hear him swear. "Well, I missed you." he finished sheepishly, throwing her a sidewise grin.
0 U RI $ H I N 6 f 0 06
m noie cf m
R
“He That Killeth
With the Sword”
TABLE TALKS
SADIE B. CHAMBERS
“Barbaric crimes/' said President Roosevelt, must “meet with fearful retribution." The Archbishop of York has just urged the British Government to make it clear that “when the hour of deliverance comes retribution will be dealt out not only on the coldblooded and cowardly brutes whe order these massacres, but ala# on the thousands of underlings who appear to be joyfully and gladly carrying out these cruelties.'* An occasion might well be taken to repeat and emphasize the Y arning Mr. Eden gave in the summer; by their support and toleration “the German people accept ever-increasing responsibility for the actions committed in their name.” The savagery which they practice at the orders of the Put hier has roused against them invincible forces. Every state every nation has learnt that there can he no peace, no justice, ne civilization while the Gerrnaa people worship their power cult. The free world will not lay dowa its arms till it has enforced the law:	He that leadeth in cap-
tivity shall go captive; he that killeth with the sword must be killed with the sword."
The Grain Field
Products made from grains such as wheat, oats, rye, barley, corn and others are known as cereals.

«
A Pill War
Flour is one of the cereal products and bread made from flour is one of the main items in our meals. Cereais and bread are the cheapest foods in our diet. That is why a generous amount is included in th;.* literature prepared end recommended by the Canadian Red Cross.
The amount of food value wt get from bread and cereal in return for money depends on:
(a)	the kind we buy
(b)	the form in which we buy
This is a pill war, E. R. Noderer writes in The Chicago Tribune. A soldier in the Solomons talers eight pills daily if he is well ; sick or wounded, he takes more.
The correspondent traveling with the troops starts off the day with a bracer of two poly-vitamin capsules designed to make the digestive system believe bully beef and hardtack are just what the doctor ordered.
At midday two salt tablets are in order, and with the evening meal two five-grain quinine tablets arc taken. To purify the river water, he says, we put a chlorine pill into the canteen, followed half an hour later by a thio pellet (apparently some sort of sulphur compound) to take away the chlorine taste. I also have sulfanilamide tablets to take if wounded—two every five minutes until twelve are taken, and another type of sulfa pill for dysentery.
His words made Enid feel cheap and ashamed, remembering that she hadn't thought of him for days. To cover her emotion, she put her hand on his arm that was next to her. “I don’t know what I’d have done without you today, Tom."
She meant it, too. She’d never forget how glad she’d been to see him running up the front steps in answer to her call.
But she was too concerned about her parents for the time being to worry long about the treachery to Tom. Her eyes strained hack to the road ahead of them.
These Girls Hear Big Secrets First
Handle Messages To and From British Battlefronts
it
Four of them were on duty when ’Rommel's rout began, says a writer in The London Chronicle. They had to keep the secret before the Cabinet was told and the censors had decided on the release of the story.
These girls assist the Royal Corps of Signals, and have been doing the job only four months. They work in shifts throughout the 24 hours. Through their headquarters pass all communications to and from the War Office to British troops, whereever they may be.
By special permission I visited this secret H.Q. You go down a wide concrete stairway through gastight steel doors. It seems a long time since you left daylight.
It is warm, cosy and air conditioned, and the hum of a distant dynamo fills the air. The girls sit in one long room at chromium-edged control and switch panels.
Wires from any secret radio receiving posts are carried below the street in steel-clad conduits to the signal room.
Cypher messages from Cairo and the other battlefronts, received on aerials at lonely sites, are passed to this secret “station."
Both points are important, but particularly the first one.
Refined cereals such as white flour have had the most valuable parts of the grain taken away. When we eat white bread we are not getting the most health-giving parts of the grain. Whole grain products have Vitamin B which is needed for good health and growth, and iron for the blood.
This is the reason doctors recommend that everyone have at least half whole wheat bread and whole grain cereals in the diet. The less money you have for food the more whole wheat bread you should buy. However, even if you have unlimited money you should still buy half whole grain products. You can start today buying better health for your family by following the above suggestions.
When the food budget is limited it is cheaper to buy the cereals in bulk.
Even in the summer the children need a dish of hot cereal at breakfast. A certain amount of care is required to produce a tasty dish of cereal. Cereal that is lumpy and has no salt does not appeal to the child and may be the cause of hie dislike of this nourishing food.
Following are general directions for cooking some of the common cereals:

The worst of the storm passed in a half hour. -The thunder rolled away into the distance and the deluge of rain settled Into a determined drizzle.
It was still raining when the telephone rang at 9 o’clock. It was Hank Holliday calling. Enid hadn’t seen him since the night she had gone on the consultation trip with him.
He said it looked like the rain had spoiled their plans for another picnic with Sonny. They’d have to postpone it until another time. Enid said, “Yes," and waited expecting him to suggest other plans for the day. But he didn't. Said he was awfully sorry, and that he'd be seeing her, and hung
She prayed childishly and silently, “Oh, dear God, let them be found by the time we get there." But the moment she saw Letty’s face she knew they hadn’t been.
Tom said he’d go down to the lake and join in the search for the old people. Phil was already there
Ski Troops to Wear Wolverine Parkas
LOVELY FROCK
Enid wanted to go with him, but Aunt Faye, who had come over from her own luxurious cottage on the lake front and taken charge in her domineering way, vetoed that.
“There's nothing you cm do down there," she told Enid. “You’d only be in the men’s way. Now take off that slicker and ait down here and drink some hot coffee."
Canadian ski troops will have parkas trimmed with white wolverine fur because Wolverine is the only kind that does not become frosted, the Munitions Department said.
The white is to allow it to blend with the snow. More than 20,000 parkas have been ordered.
I

$

up
She dressed and got her breakfast, and wondered what she was going to do with the long day ahead. Well, she could go home and pick up her mail.
She saw the telegram fastened to the door knob as soon as she reached the porch. She tore it open hastily.
“Pop and Mom lost on lake in
storm. Come at once. Letty."
# $ #
Enid’s knees sagged with fright. It wasn’t hard to imagine what had happened. Mom had written that she and Pop usually went out on the lake just before daylight, because the fishing was at its best then. And they had been caught in this morning’s storm.
She looked at the time at the head of the telegram. Eight a.m. She’d already lost nearly three precious hours.
It was strange how, in this sudden emergency, her mind reverted to its old channels. Not once did she think of Hank Holliday. It was Tom—Tom. He’d take her.

“As if coffee or anything could help,” Enid thought despairingly. But obediently she sipped the
scalding liquid.
* * #
r

TA
AS?
.The rain continued to fall all day, a gray depressing drizzle, and just before dark a man from the rescue squad sloshed up to the cottage in rubber boots. He said that. a rowboat had been found floating bottom aide up. But, he added quickly, sensing their gray faces, that didn’t that hope was to be abandoned. If Mr. and Mrs. Sharon had taken refuge on one of the islands when they saw the storm coming, their beached boat might easily have been carried back out on the lake by the high waves.
But Enid wasn't deceived. She knew htat the capsized boat almost certain evidence that her parents had been drowned. She couldn’t cry quietly like Letty or ostentatiously like Aunt Faye. She was too numb for tears. She could only move to a window and sit staring out through the thickening darkness toward the lake.
If only she had spent this last month with Pop and Mom here at the lake as they had wanted her to do. instead of going off by herself. She’d never be able to forgive herself now.
Now bargai priced at 101
tablets
$
I found Jean, Margaret and Kathleen on duty at their robotlike apparatus. Jean, who has a brother in the North fighting, told me they have to be very accurate.
“You see,’’ she

Africa
*
mean
I)
t
1.	Lightly grease the pan (upper two inches) in which cereals are to be cooked. This prevents boiling over.
2.	Have water boiling and add
\
*
k
explained, “wavelengths are changed at various hours of the day to ensure secrecy, and good reception and switching have to be timed to a second.’’

%


salt
22
3.	Sprinkle cereal gradually into the boiling water. Cook 6 minutes.
4.	Place in double boiler or slightly larger saucepan filled two-thirds full of boiling water.
Cereals may be partly cooked the night before. To prevent skin forming cover with thin layer of cold water.
To save fuel cook cereal as directed for 6 minutes over boiling water, remove from stove, wrap up well and put in warm place.
All cereals may be cooked In fireless cooker.
Cracked wheat, whole brown rice and other coarse cereals may be soaked over night to reduce cooking time and improve the flavor.
Next week
cipee and F say Graham Bread
'O
Think of it...one of the fastest pain reliefs known today far las* than V a tablet I
>
Margaret is chiefly concerned with the reception of radioed battle pictures. Not all of these are for publication in the press.
Some are confidential pictures of Axis tanks and guns, aircraft and ammunition. There are direct transmissions from Cairo to London and New York.
Margaret has a sweetheart in Cairo who is on the radio “can-nel” to her every day.
“But I dare not talk to him," ahe said, “for this channel’ is only for the transmission of pictures."
was
/
s-
No need now to suffer needlessly from headaches, neuritic pain, or neuralgia. For today, you can get real Aspirin . . . one of the fastest reliefs from pain ever known less than one cent a tablet! So get this bargain today. See how Aspiria goes to work almost instantly to relieve a severe headache or pain of neuritis in minutes. Millions now use it and heartily recommend it. At this low price, why take anything else? Get the big economy bottle of Aspiria at yotir druggist's today.

2512
BACKACHE?
Look out for Trouble With Your KIDNEYS
Q
Sizes 12 - 4 2
For the First Spring Print
By Louise Lennox
It’s like the first breath of spring to slip into a pretty print frock. Here’s a design that’s so softly feminine, so immensely flattering to the figure yet so easy and so simple in conduction that it seems the perfect solution to that springtime urge. It makes the perfect undercoat frock, and just as perfect summer frock. The time to make it ie now, while the choice of fabrics is better, and the weather Is cooler for sewing.
Style No. 2512 is designed for sizes 12, 14, 16, 18, 20, 36, 38, 40 and 42. Size 36 requires only 3% yards of 39-inch fabric.
Send twenty cents for pattern to Room 421, 73 Adelaide St. West, Toronto. Write your name, address and style number sure to state size you wish
Place

for
If your back aches or if you have disturbed sleep, burning or smarting, look out for trouble. This condition is a sure sign that your kidneys are not fully ridding your blood of poisonous acids and wastes. When the kidneys slow up. wastes collect. Backache, dizzy spells, puffy eyes and rheumatic pains may follow.
Your kidneys need help—and there is a time-tried, proven way to help them known as GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules. These Capsules contain carefully measured quantities of that widely known diuretic called Dutch Drops. You will find their action fast and effective.
Be sure you get GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules, the genuine and Dutch Drops—packed in Canada 40c package from your druggist.
*
Small Boys Help On English Farms
She didn’t at first realize that the bobbing lights moving up the muddy road were lanterns carried by a crowd of men, and when she did she was afraid to for a moment over. What had they found?
Tom was ahead of the crowd. He dashed up the steps to the cottage porch where Enid and Letty and Faye Luxon had crowded. He put steadying arms around Enid.
“It’s all right, honey They’ve found them—alive! But they’re weak and sick. They’ve been wet to the skin and without food all this time. We’ve got to get them to a hospital."
In some Ontario cities objection has been raised to the enlistment of school pupils in farm work. In this connection the editor of The Farmers Advocate has received an inte*sting letter from H. J. Purser who farms near Maidenhead in England. He says: “Would it interest you to know that since your visit about 60 small boys, aged 10 to 14 years, have helped me, with my small staff, to harvest 250 tons of potatoes and 600 tons of mangels, all put safely into clamps for the winter?"
move
The search w**
some cereal re-
IH las Chambers welcome» personal letter» from Interested readers She Is pie
©a topics 1er va ready t* listen te year * : pel " Iteq neats 1er recipe* or special mean» are I» order. Address year letters to «Mie» Sadie II. Chamber». 73 West Adelaide Street. Te
Look for This Cross
d to receive eaggestleae
CO luma, a ad I»
Every tablet you buy must be stamped •'Bayer'* in the form of a cross, or it il NOT Aspirin. And don't let anyone
tell you it is. Aspiria is made in Canada and is the trademark of The Bayer Company, Limited.
oilgilLl!
. Get a
©
l
r»at»,M Seed stamped self-addressed
eat elope If you wish a reals
Coventry, Eng., is to stock the library of the new cruiser H.M.S. Coventry.
ISSUE No. 8—43
Be
B
###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY
Appreciative
9

. lA4 Mr. B V. MacLeau and tlie Bible r 60. L«>til 19415 ! society convey their hearty thank* t<*
all those who contributed to the Bible | Society Fund and to th< *e who collect, ed, can vs H*ed and helped in this great Christian work, Efforts »n this way are helping the Society to convey the scriptures in many different tongues to those who need the gospel. The scriptures are being sought more eagerly than ever and the Society is in the greatest difficulty in keeping up with the demand*. Opportunities art o|kmi-ing up in many new localities.
The amount collected and forwarded was $333.00. Those who collected were as follows : —
Truman l>ra|»er, Wesley Hines. Geo. Paîirer, B. F Smith. W. J. Brownlee, Hubert Hamilton, Vilmer M algin*, Miss Grace Palmer, Arthur Caldwell. Arthur Dagg, Norval Wilson, Lawrence Hodgius, Harold Hayes, Douglas Sharp, W. H Corrigan and J. B K lg«
THE BOY OF TODAY IS THE MAN OF
Keep Him Healthy by Dressing Hilt) Warmly
Shawville

Eastern Canada Farmers to Benefit By Fertilizer Order
Maximum prices per ton for fertilizer materials, mixed or complete fertilizers or approved tobacco fertilizers are fixed by an order of the Prices Board effective >!• nday, the Board announced.
It said farmers In Eastern Canada would iKMiefit by the order and added the adoption of simplified practice, elimination of extra transportation and selling costs, and other economies in the trade effected by thj zoning plan introduced recently have combined to make it possible to reduce the price of fertilizer by about two dollars a ton to the farmer in the five eastern provinces.
The announcement said farmers will buy fertilizers this spring in those areas at an estimated total saving of |t>*>0,000 because of this reduction in cost of manufacture and distribution. Maximum prices per ton when |tacked in (taper bags and f. o. b. factory or warehouse are all set out in a schedule attached to the new order. No. A-U01, copies of which are available on application to the distribution office of the Prices Board.
Grant Peart, fertilizer administrator, said the Canadian fertilizer subsides to farmers instituted last year are being continued this year, He said in 1913 Canada will have the lowest priced fertilizer» of any country in the United Nations,
iVJrs. Jennings proudly goes to school!
\

V

s
,u
E
t\
,
/
i
Boys’ and youth’s all-wool tweed trousers, bicycle seat for long wear, sizes to 37
$2.95 to $3.95
,1
Boys' all-wool breeches in Oxford and Humphrey's cloth, double seat and knees
$2.95	$3.50	$395
a —
Mir
Boys’ mackinaw windbreakers, warm and durable, in blue, wine, brown $3.95
SHERIFF SALE
Mrs. JENNINGS had been just managing to keep her family going. But things were looking brighter at last. Now with the children able to help with the housework, she had applied for the post of school teacher • • ; and had been accepted.
But that meant she needed suitable clothes and clothes cost money.
She took her problem to the manager of her bank. On the strength of her ability and character, he arranged a loan of $80. And so it was that she was able to take the position and greet her first class proudly. She paid off the loan after six months at a cost in interest of only $2.40.
This is a true story. Only the name has been altered. It is typical of hundreds of human dramas in which the bank manager has been privileged to play a helping role.
Penman’s all-wool golf hose, in shades of grey,
green, blue, and brown 59 and 65 cents
I
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given that the undermentioned LANDS and TENEMENTS have been seized, and will be sold at the respective times and places mentioned below.
Superior Court—District of Pontiac
Canada,
Province of 1 District ot Pontiac,
No. 4976
'
Boys’ ski caps, Melton and Frieze cloth, blue and brown 85 cts to $1.00
Y
Quebec, )
i
Boys’ warm doeskin shirts, 12 to 144, navy, airforce blue and checks
89 cts. 98cts and $1,15
Thk Bank of Montreal, a body
politic and incorporated, having its head office in the City and District of Montreal, and a branch office at Pembroke, Province of Ontario, plaintiff ; vs NX. J. Flkminu, ot the Village ot Chapeau, district ot Pontiac, defendant.
"l_Tho»e lots known and designated according to tlit official plan and Book of Befeience f u the Village of Chapeau, County ot Pontiac, Province of Quebec, Canada, *> being lots number* Five and Eight V vV ot the said Village of Chapeau, excepting those portions thereof already sold to third pailles in their possess 'll by deeds registered, containing said two lots respectively l 13 acres and 77 acres, more or le»». together with tlie buildings theieiipt n erected.
o—ïh**se lots known and designated according to lb? offi' ial plan and b'H.k of reference t* r the said V illagc of Ch v peau	be it g lots numbers Ten and
Eleven <tu A 11) of the said Village Chapeau, P-g.-ther with the buildings
thereupon erected.	t
To be sold at the Registrar» Office for the County of Pontiac, in Campbell’s BiV, Quebec, on TVKSDaY, the NINTH day of MARCH, one thousand bun tied find forty-three, at TEN
k m the fuienoon.
DOMINIC tLOAN.
!
The Annual Campaign of the Red Cross Will Open March 1st
i
This year t he people of the Province of Quebec are being, asked to contribute $2.*250,000 toward a national objective of $10,000,000. The appeal will close on March 16th.
This year the campaign will be headed by two well-known Montreal men, Wynne Robinson and Paul \ ai Han court, both of whom have been active in Red Cross work for many years. .1. K. Wilson and C. O. Monat are the Provincial Division chairman.
During 1943 the Canadian Cross Society pi ins to spend $11,650.
The expenditures, under the different headings, with explanations
each item, were announced
_ yx .	(jlof/tind and ,
7>an*raasnery far men and boys


N,f$.Horner's old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE]
Red
!
000
covering
Iasi wtek by the co-chairman of the
and are as follows:
ot
campaign.
Prisoners of war parcels which are distributed through the International Red Cross to British as well is Canadian prisoners of war, wheiever they are, $5,500,000. It is anticipated there will be a heavy increase in the number shipped this year.
Hospital supplies and cotiif rts for the armed forces, $3,00X000. In 1941 $3,131.219 was spent under this head-
For Beautiful
Wor's requirement* have increased immensely the work of banks and bank staffs. At the same time mort then one-third of our experienced men have enlisted. Bank early. Pay small
bills by cash. It helps.
nine
of the uc.vi
Cemetery Memorials
Sheriff.
Campbell Bay, Que., January 30, 1943 |tVtt publication, February O h, 1943]
Sheriff » Office,
mg
Disaster and Emergency, $250,000, to provide sum equipment as mobile surgical units, emergency hospital units, bedding and surgical supplies for use in Canada.
Help to allied Red Cross societies, $7-20.000 covering aid to societies in China, Greece, Poland, Yugoslavia and Belgium to enable them to relieve human suffering in their own countries.
Blood Donor Service, $400,000 to permit the society to increase its objective to 12,000 donations a week in ordiT to store up sufficient supplies tor the tremendous demand expected this year in the various theatres of war.
An item of $600,000 is included to cover grains to the navy and merchant
Sr. John Ambulance
association, supplementing next of kin prisoners of war parcels.
Domestic requirements f<»r home front service will absorb $500.000, administration $350,000 and the campaign and publicity expends $300.000.
Write or phone
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
The CHARTERED BANKS of CANADA
Flat Feet, Heart Trouble Common in Northwest U. S.
A study to determine biological
and environmental influences on	____
the population of the United States will be inaugurated in the spring & term at Columbia university under the direction of Dr. Harry L.
Shapiro, chairman of the department of anthropology at the Museum of Natural History.	1
Regional types may already be appearing in the population, Dr. ,
Shapiro pointed out. Draft board % records indicate that certain phys- >, ical defects are more prevalent in g some regions than in others. Heart £ trouble and flat feet are found to y be more common in the Northwest, £ dental malformation and short stature in New England, goiter in the Great Lakes region, and blindness in Texas.
The Columbia investigations seek g to determine whether this regional /,
Speed-check systems developed distribution of defects is due to ra- {r by *ha Arizona and Indiana state vial origin, environment or a mix- £ highway patrols are making it tough turc of the two for fast or reckless drivers to get new or retreaded tires from their rationing boards.
Arizona highway patrol cars are equipped with cameras to photograph speeding automobiles. A speedometer is placed on the front of the patrol car within range of the camera, and the speeder, his license number and actual speed all are registered on the same picture.
This evidence showing violators exceeding the state's speed limit is made available to tire rationing boards, which take the information into consideration when a violator applies for tire replacements.
(In a number of states and cities, the council said, evidence of speeding and reckless driving by a motorist is turned over to rationing authorities.)
When Indiana state patrolmen notice anyone driving at speeds injurious to tires or safety, a special warning ticket is issued containing name and address of the offender, and nature of his offense. Copies go
to the offender and the state Office stallations or applications, of Price Administration rationing of- J The new action also extends to flee, where copies are made for of- ! the entire country the limited excep-fender’s local tire rationing board, lions granted earlier to construction
Local rationing boards use the in- necessary to the conversion or subformation when offenders entitled to stitution of heating equipment to new or retreaded tires apply for permit use of fuel other than oil, them. Evidence of abuse of tires electricity and gas. Such conver-1 and the priority to get them is con- j sion construction must be begun | sidered when decisions are made by * prior to January 1 to come within the board on applications.	the provisions of this exemption.
i
Phone,278
Clean Your Seed I
s
8
I
11
marine service,
f
Farmers intending to have grain cleaned are advised to have it done now, us to give better service and avoid delays at seeding time.
ESTABLISHED 1883
This will help

I NVALID
COACH
8
GEO. HYNES & SON

The Chick Season
Arizona, Indiana Check
Motorists’ Speed, Tires

DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
C^Shawville Oue.
The chick season will soon be here. Inquire about the Purina Plan for raising chicks to big profitable pullets.
Flour,«.feeds and salt always on hand
at right prices
Mental disorders, y most frequently found in Maine, Vir- £ ginia, the Carolinas, Tennessee and Mississippi, and the high incidence i £ of venereal disease, drug addiction J# and alcoholism in the Gulf states £ and the Southeast are probably en- ¦ ky vironmental in origin, Dr. Shapiro £ said.	.	-	y
«
Phone 80
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
i
car
TIME for REPAIRS
Exempted From Construction Order
Certain types of construction using non-metallic materials and equipment designed to insulate buildings for conservation of fuel may be undertaken without specific authorization, WPB announces.
The construction conservation order will not apply to construction begun prior to January 1, 1943, which is necessary to the installation or application in buildings of certain materials and equipment. These include insulation materials, air cell pipe coverings, weather stripping, and storm windows and doors. It is provided, however, that ho rubber, cork or metal, other than fasteners, may be used in such in-
During the Winter months is the time to look over your equipment and have the necessary repairs made. Materials may be difficult to procure later in the year.
WANTED
/* ?
Large quantity of
We still have in stock a few articles in
RAILROAD TIES
EHAMEIWARE
DALE’S TINSHOP
Write or telephone
J. M. ARGUE
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
494517
###PAGE###5###
Look Here
Service Announcement»
Check Your Separator I
Repair Materials Rationed
FEBRUARY SPECIALS
For Sale, Want*, Found
Lost, etc.
Sunday, February 28th,
Shawvim.s Vnitro Church Urv A.F.Fol*» ti. A.. B.t>. I’Aitor 11.00 a. m. Service at Shriwville 1.310 p, in—Service at Zion 3.3U p. iu—Service at Stark * ('or-
People everywhere are responding to the War Effort ! This means changing conditions, price control restrictions, quotas, all of which will bring a change in buying habits, cheerfully accepted because of the War,
LOST— On the Bry»on road. Dec. 16. ID#?, between Mr. Honeywell’* home and my home. A puree, patch on the aide, containing twenty dollar* and some change. Kinder will receive reward upon return. Elisiia Biceman, Portage du Fort, Que.
All kind* and types of equipment come under the new ration ing order. Certain product* are restricted more than other*. There may be further tightening of such good* available, depending on material situation ; but regardless ol the future, it is an accepted fact that right now every piece of usable machinery must be repaired and serviceable.
ner*
Sermon Subject—
“Jesus message to the churches”
7.30 p. m.—Service at Shawville
Sermon Subject—
1 The loving Jesus gifts tu us"
i
New Magog Fabrics
Suntast I Tubfast!
UROODEltS— I am now able to supply in three sti s apply I" ( i.imii:,, C, Shawville Phone 30.
Mitai Mother" chich brooders For further information
Good running equipment should be given more care, and in that connection, we estimate, less than five per cent, of all Cream Separators receive regular care, thorough cleaning and proper lubrication. To day even repair |>arts are produced on a quota basis. Materials are rationed to repair departments. So that unnecessary repair bills, plus delays, must stir up our customers to realize that these precautions must be taken for their own protection.
ANGLICAN
Rev. K. C. Bolton, BA., L.Th
St. Paul’s*
Sunday School—10.00 a. m. Evening Prayer—7.30 p, m.
Holy Trinity
Holy Comunmion—11.00 a. m.
Broadcloths, plain shades of fine quality 25 to 30 cts
Fancy Prints, a choice selection of new patterns in an outstanding range of colorful designs 25 to 30 cts
Textile Krinkle Cotton, designed for underwear and nightwear 35 cents
Fancy Print Shirting
New patterns in fancy plaid dress material yard wide
49 cents
37 cents
FOB SALE—Good milch cow, to -freshen March 1st. Apply to Hilliard El onus, Shawville, phone 89-J.
FOR SALE—Good grade Durham grade cow, coming 4 years old, recently freshened. ' Apply to Hiram Strutt, Shawville Phone 103.
20 to 35 cents
FOR SALE- Beautiful 20 bronze tbrkey toius, good healthy strain; government approved price #8.00. Apply to Mr*. Robert H aveux, Charte ris. Que.
und
A good quality separator oil is the best investment any user can make. A lew cents for good oil, and a good clean up job makes any machine work better and operate like new. This should be done now, during the slack days. Check each part carefully and if new parts are required order -now, and if you think the old machine will not stand the pace, place your order at once for a new RENFREW SEPARATOR until the old machine falls down. If takes about ten days for an application form to go through the necessary procedure before we can place a new separator.
E
North Clarendon Parish
Rev. P. IL Stote, in charge
Thorne CentreMorning Prayer—10 30 a. m.
Oreermount—
Evening Prayer—3.00 p. m.
Cbarteris—
Evening Prayer—7.3V p m.
Clarendon Circ uit Ukv. N T. Holme*. Pastor
Service at Radford—11.00 a. m Service at Bristol—3.00 p. m.
Service at \ arm—7.30 p. m.
ymg
steck.
Brown and sand cotton flannel, yard wide,
Women’s Fancy House Aprons, beautifully trimmed,
35 to 39 cents
FOR SALE—Two pair Street Home Blankets. Apply to Duncan Campbell Shawville. 4 fiBBT
Do not wait
FOR SALE—Span of well-matched Clydesdale colts, light bays. 3 and 4 years old. Would take good driver in exchange. Apply to Shawville MAMBLE & Granite Works, phone 121.
COLORFUL CRETONNES
A very large range of good patterns and colorings
20, 25, 28 and 35 cents Fancy Curtain Scrim, floral design, yard wide, 25 cts
@
FOR SALE—A pair of matched Clyde mares, rising C and 7. Apply to W. R.Géant, phone 39-11, Campbells
Bristol United Church
Mr. Leslie Dean
THE RENFREW MACHINERY Co., Ltd.
RENFREW
J; Lay Minister 11.00a. m.— Service at St. Andrews 21.5 p ni—Sunday School j 130p. in.—Service at Knox
Bay
ITBW 1943 WALLPAPERS
ONTARIO
One hundred and twenty-five choice patterns Buy now while they are available
8.00 p. m. — Service a; Audio
Wilson’s Garage
LEO R. KEON
Tl]e Same Reliable Service
OxdeA^jetUt
sum chicks
DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE
McKee - Quebec
PILLOWS
All well filled and covered with fancy art ticking
$2.60 $3.25 $385 BEDSPREADS
Handsome Chenile Bedspreads, double bed sizes
$4.50 to $10.25
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Ford Service

Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
No writing. No money orders. No bother. Just call or phone, 100% live delivery guaranteed.
i SAW LOGS WANTED
J. P0 Wilson
JOHN McCREDIE MARYLAND
Main Street
Shawville Quebec
Phone 40

February Food Stamp Sale
Stamp Buyers are especially asked to fill out. all books that may be started by the last day ot February, the date on which the February Food Stamp Sale closes. Shawville is said to be leading all towns in Pontiac. Let's put it well over the top.
Start all your Want Lists
with
War Savings Stamps
t
PUBLIC NOTICE
We are in the market for all kinds
of Saw Logs
Cash paid on delivery
Teachers Wanted
Public notice is hereby given that the Clarendon O unci', at their ngular meeting held on Monday, teb. 3, 194.1, reduced the Dog Tax for 1943 to one dollar. (#1.00) providing payment is made by April 1st, 1943, after that date the Tax will be one dollar and fifty cents, ($1.50) which must be paid by July 1st. otherwise the penalties provided for in Chapter 264, Section 8 M of the revised statues of Quebec .will apply. This sect to A provides a penalty of from fixe to twen'y-tive dollars and costs, for failure to comply with this
regulation.	.
Given at Sluwville, Que., tuts 4th
day of February 1943.
J. A DEAN
Sec.-Treasurer
This is
Applications will be received by the 4 undersigned up to February 26th, for I § qualified teachers for the Rural Schools 4 and the elementary grades in Shaw ville ÿ High School.	/
Applicants to state qualifications and y salary expected.	X
Special market for certain kinds
J A. DEAN Sec-Treas
Remarkable Manuscript Is Still in Good Condition
The Book of Kells is a remark-
The Hodgins Lumber Co
able Irish manuscript containing the A Four Gospels, a fragment of Hebrew 7 names, and the pusebian canons. |
According to tradition, it is a rel.c •of the time of St. Columba, of the | -S.xth century, and even the work of his hands, but the character of the workmanship points to a later date and the composition cannot be placed earlier than the end of the Seventh or beginning of the Eighth century.
It is probably the book which the Welshman, Giraldus ' Cambrensis, saw at Kildare in the latter part of the 12th century and described so glowingly. By the 16th century, it appears to have been for some time in use in the Cathedral of Kells at Meath. Finally, in the 17th century, Archbishop Ussher presented it to Trinity college, Dublin. Except for the loss of a small portion, it is in a very good state of preservation.
Believed to have been the work of two unknown scribes, it is written in black, red, purple and yellow ink.
Its most characteristic ornaments are the closely coiled spirals connected by a number of curves and often terminating in the so-called "trumpet pattern.M
»

Vulcanizing
#
s
We have just installed two small Vulcanizers and can now repair minor breaks on your tires and large rips in tubes. Let us attend to all your tire troubles.
V
Cemetery Donations
Dr D. J. Campbell, Treasurer of the village Cemetery Improvement Fund, acknowledges with thanks, the following donations:—
Bella and Lois Smiley
Arthur Caldwell ....
John R. Cowgan ...»
Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Elliott
Clifford Horner.....
. Mrs Chris. Caldwell .
Mrs. Len Kelly ..
Mrs. A. W. Gay 1er
John R McDowell, treasurer of tnt" Maple Grove Cemetery Improvement Fund, acknowledges with thanks, the foUowmgydonatious*—
Chas A, Smiley.........
Mrs. 8am Woods...........
Arthur Caldwell ........
Mrs. Donald Baker...... .
Mrs. John Sinclair and family
BUCKLEY’S
MIXTURE
%
s
V

. 2 00

5 00
2 00
Try a new McCormic-Deering Cream
Separator now
It will put DOLLARS in your pocket
6 00
A reliable and effective preparation for the treatment of
2 00
6 00
rtow
2 00
# 1
POST OPFIC1S
3 00 ? »
OSFAtTMIHT STOeiS • diuooists
OtOCIIS • TOBACCONISTS
COUGHS
COLDS
and
BRONCHITIS
Hodgins Garage
Army Designs Light Sleeping Bag
A sleeping bag for cold climates which weighs almost four pounds !	, * ^	, n j	less than it* predecessor and is
Aiieal Meeting oI (Ur?ndon	nearly 35 per cent smaller when
Farmers' Club	rolled, has been developed by the
The annual meeting r>f .Clarendon quartermaster corps,^ the war de Farmers' Club writ lie held at the P«»n- partment announces. Made of bal rise House. Shawville. nn Monday I loon cloth and poplin, the bag has a afternoon, Feb 22nd, at two o'clock. A ' water repellent carrying case which large attendance of members is nquest- may be used as a foot cover for the
‘ sleeper. It has a QUMplÉjMi faptener. The former cold climate sleeping bag was down-filled and had two slide fasteners.
2 00
3 00
NOTICE
2 CO
2 00
3 00
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
THE CORNER STORE
LOOS WANTED
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts. SHAWVILLE
High ca*h prices inid for White Pine, Red Pine and 8omce| Logs delivered on the Ottawa River. =? Write or telephone H. R. Lm|AM at
Campbell’s R*tMEEHHHHIHI
HIS GILLIES
ed
Hi R*T H01X1158 t LAUDK ELLIOTT
Phone 64
i
PRBSIBBNT
BROS., Limited
###PAGE###6###
,M7 m
! Click Taken Out
of Nazi Salute
HANDS THAT ROCK THE AIRPORT
Modem Etiquette

•’ JV 9
*-T




By Roberta Lee
1.	Is it obligatory that refreshments of some kind be furnished after a wedding rehearsal?
2.	Isn't it bad manners to let one's mind wander while someone is talking with you.
5.	If a person asks you how old you are, or what your salary is, or some such question, what should you reply?
4. For what use only is the napkin at the dinner table?
6.	When a customer in a shop is buying something that is not being worn the current season, shouldn’t the saleswoman tell her?
.***»*#
m
Mf
f "V



So automatic have become the reflexes of the young Nazi that the first thing he does when shot down over England is throw off his parachute, spring to his feet, click his heels and hark “Hell Hitler!" at his captors, John Mac-V or mack writes in The New York Times Magazine. As a result, British intelligence officers have a standing rule that prisoners must he deprived of their hoots before being interviewed. Even the young Nazis feels foolish when he clicks his heels and no sound is audible.

>

Vi
m


i *

'Y7
r



1
-

I
»

v.%

f
,v
Z/k a mild., cool, sweet smoke
3MF


r-Vi1

».


<?v

•l
*kjK


k
r

-F
GROWN IN SUNNY, SOUTHERN ONTARIO
V*
»«
»
X
1
a

>
r T
•A ^
> *
#9
;? '
sumption would not bo more than 26 per cent per day greater than that of the 10-knot. Scotch boiler, reciprocating-engine ships row building.
The shortening of the voyages would maVo the fast ship the most economical.
Might Kill Menace With Faster Ships

<
: »

(>. When asking• a person to repeat a remark is it nil right to say “What ?" or “I beg your pardon, what did you shay?"
ANSWERS
1. It is a nice thing to do. The refreshments are usually served after the rehearsal at the home of the bride, or the groom invites the little party of attendants to some eating place. 2. Yes. One should strive to he a good listener. though it is often difficult when the speaker is an egoist, or describing in detail his last operation. 8. “There arc some questions that 1 prefer not to answer." It is only a very rude, tactless person who would ask such questions. 4. Only for wiping the lips. It is not for the cheeks, perspiration or the nose. The napkin should be lifted as inconspicuously as possible to the mouth and lightly brushed across the mouth, and then . replaced upon the lap. 5. It is better not, unless the customer asks the direct question. f>. No; *Tm sorry, but I didn't understand” is much more courteous.
»
jr' ?”
b


DIRECTS PUBLICITY
'4*
% j

îvfWi

1
Vice-Admiral Craig Waller In London Daily Telegraph
\

»
No one, so far as I am aware, has attempted to controvert my claims:
(a) That we can practically kill the U-boat menace by building ships and tankers of 16

Sink 1,000,000 Tons Of Axis Shipping


1 ,

s
k
*9


v, ?
*	^ t >
Almost coincident with occupation of Tripoli there came a British Navy announcement of the sinking by a British submarine of the millionth ton of Axis shipping in the Mediterranean.
The Commander of the British Fleet in the Mediterranean, Admiral Sir Henry H. Harwood, paid tribute to “this amazing feat, which has certainly contributed to the defeat of the enemy along the African Coast."
cargo
knots or more instead of concentrating on the shapeless “ugly duckling" 10-knotter. ship would be easily manoeuvred in a tight situation and would hold her speed in rough weather. She would deliver her cargo in half the time of the slow ship, and fewer ships, therefore, would be required to do the job.
(b) That aircraft are useless either as protectors of cargo ships or destroyers of submarines at night or in thick weather, and, moreover, lack the potent weapons of the ram and the heavy Q.F. gun with which to kill the U-boat.
Experts have convinced me that the design and construction of fast cargo vessels and tankers by mass production methods is a practical proposition, and that with Diesel engines the fuel con-


A

I
The fast
E
<i
4
'*
I
t

Mr** ***
¦


pwa

i


'MË

9k - f . *

N*
%»


m
Î

«
# 1

•*,.*'*
fia
OC



\

v •
M

Jt

The appointment of J. William Horsey, a leading figure in Canada's food industry, as chairman of the Ontario public relations section of the National War Finance Committee, was announced recently in Toronto.
Mr. Horsey, who is president of Dominion Stores, Limited, is also national chairman of the Canadian food industry's “March to Berlin” stamp drive and has for several weeks been active in the organization of the war savings stamp campaign being aggressively carried on by the food industry. during the month of February.
¦ *
KTOFvray ' -
Vradie rockers turn rock crushers on Cyprus to keep British airfields on that Mediterranean island in top shape. Native women make “little ones out of big ones,” then pile up the rocks for transport to the airfield, where steam rollers level the surface.
Spartans in 400	B.C., used
wood smoke as a form of gas warfare.

HOW CAN I? ? ?
SPEAKERS DREAD LOSS OF VOICE
Have You Heard?
WHAT SCIENCE IS DOING
Q. How can l remedy elbows that are rough and unsightly?
A. Scrub them every night with warm water and soap, using a soft brush. After they are clean, rinsed, and dry, massage with warm olive oil. Keep up this treatment for two weeks and see the improvement.
Q. How can l make beef juice?
A. Cut fresh raw beef up into small squares and put a few pieces at « time into the potato ricer. Sprinkle a little salt over it and press hard until no more juice runs out.
P.	How can I keep overshoes looking neat?
A. They can be kept looking neat and clean by wiping them occasionally with a rag wet with an ammonia solution.
Q.	What is a good cleaner for silk, satin, lace, or any cloth?
A. A paste made of granulated cornmeal and gasoline makes a good cleaner for almost any cloth.
( over the soiled parts and leave on for a short time; then brush off thoroughly. This leaves no rings or streaks. When brushing any silk goods, use a piece of velvet.
Q. How can I eliminate water bugs?
A. Pour a small quantity of kerosene, or a weak solution of turpentine (3 parts water to 1 part turpentine), down the drain pipe once or twice a week.
The choris girl was telling the other girls in the dressing-room all about her birthday party.
“You should have seen the cake," she told her companions. “It was marvelous. There were seventeen candles on it—one for year.	#
There was a disbelieving silence for a moment or two, then her best friend smiled.
“Seventeen candles, eh?" she purred. “What did you do—hum them at both ends?"
Fight off hoarseness with use of Lymoids
"Hosreeneee is •
writes ¦ Montreal__
It no longer becauee LYMOIDS here taught me how easy it ie to get relief.”
Carry a handy tin box of LYMOIDS. At the first sign of throat Irritation, tickle or coughing, dissolve LYMOIDS in the mouth. Their soothing, medicinal oils will quickly relieve your distress and embarrassment
Mesl «turn all LYMOIDS in handy rite lOr and 25c. boxe ». I/unobtainable, tend 10c la êtamfi » ee cam. t» LYMOIDS. 119 Prnrl Street. Taranto.
ITCH'S
PLASTIC GOGGLES
A new type of industrial goggle-musk has been patented by the supervising optician at one of the British Royal Ordnance Filling Factories. The mask is made of cellulose acetate sheet about 1-6 in. thick, which has been found to resist lead slugs fired at point-blank range from an air rifle. The slugs were flattened and the acetate was only dented, goggle-mask gave highly satisfactory results when tested against an explosion produced by 50 times the amount of explosive which had been known to cause some of the eye casualties.
The new goggles are of a very protective design, but free from curtailment of vision and distortion, and as they weigh as little as 2 ozs. they can be worn without fatigue.
For -mirk relief from iirhing of lote'af.iol.ar '
cauwd akin troubles, uar fast-a< ting, routing, set Mptx. liquid D. I). D. Piearriplmn. I.resae Muinlraa. S<nihee irritation and quirklt sinew ini Itrliinf. W trial boltla prmet it, nr monrv berk <ak druggist today for D D R I'RKM RIITIOX
. pimples, alb
The sale of stamps through over forty thousand outlets from coast to coast in Canada is expected to exceed one million dollars during the period of the campaign.
9 t
r
CLASSIFIED ADVEDTISEMENTS
A celebrated vocalist was in a motorcar accident one day. A paper after recordnig the accident, ‘added: “We are happy to state that he was able to appear the following evening in three pieces.”
A
I'ATIWTS A TRADES MARKS
IIKM* WASTE» MALES
It A % 19 I > vi m >n:vrs W ASTE»
WANTED MARCH 1st. TllOR-vughly experienced married man for well equipped small dairy farm un Highway ti, Guelph two miles. New cottage, all conveniences. Milker, tractor & combine. Hydro, milk, garden supplied. State wages, experience, references. N. J. Thomas, lt.lt. 3, Guelph.
DAN U & ORCHESTRA 1NSTRU-menta not in use may be turned into cash. Solid full particulars to Whaley Royce & Company, 310 Yonge Street. Toronto, Ont.
BtiERTON R. CASE, REGISTERED United States, Canadian, British l'aient Attorney. Booklet gratis. Established over forty years. 11 Balsam Avenue, Toronto.
It A It V A HICKS
POULTRY
The reporter was sent to write up a charity ball. Next day the editor called him to his desk.
l ook here, what do you mean by this? ‘Among the most beautiful girls was Horatio Lucian Ding-lev. ’ Why, you crazy idiot! Old Dingley isn’t a girl—and besides he’s one of our principal shareholders." “I can’t help that," returned the realistic reporter. “That’s where he was.
FREE RANGE PULLETS MANY breeds and ages for immediate delivery. Also day old chicks each we< lc. Tweddlv Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
WHITE COCHIN BANTAMS AN1> Pekin Ducks. $4.00 pair; Drone# Turkey Hens $7.00 each. Log Chateau Farm, Fenelon Falls, Ont.
IIOGÜ* FUR till:
4.
AGREE KENNELS — XVALDHEIM.
.Specializing in purebred mahogany coated IRISH
com-
Nnsk. solid
SETTERS—clever devoted panions.
NO . . . T WE DOLE'S HAVE NO monopoly of first class chicks but . . . every chick that fails to make a profit may cause the buyer to lose faith in the entire industry. Twiddle Hatcheries would like your business, of course, but wo can’t do all the business in Canada, and so, whenever upd wherever you buy chicks, fur the benefit of all buy-« vs and sellers In the business, we urge you to buy front recognized first-class hatcheries. Get a good start. Send for the Twaddle catalogue, price list and contest folder and we're sure you'll agree that you can’t go wrong when you buy Tweddle Chicks, turkeys and older pullets. Twiddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus. Ont.
PRESS WANTED
INFLUENZA
Against the ever-present medical spectre of another world-wide influenza epidemic, as catastrophic a* that in 1918 which killed some 20 million peolpe, the British lancet and The Journal of the American Medical Association have just sounded a comforting note, Newsweek points out.
They declared that even if influenza should again run riot on a global scale, mortality will likely be far lower than in the last war. For in the 1918 outbreak most of the deaths were due, not directly to influenza organisms, but to secondary bacterial infections of the respiratory tract (pneumonia, for example) for which influenza had paved the
WANTED PUNY CYLINDER PRESS 25" x 38“ and Gordon 14“ * 22". must be In good condition. Box 73 Adelaide W., Toronto.
D % El .><• A CLEANING
4 62.
HAVE YUU ANYTHING NEEDS dyeing or cleaning? Write to urn for Information. XV answer your questions, ment H. Parker's Dye Limited. 79* Ydnse Street. Toronto.
I'HOI'EHTIE» WANTED TO UtV
glad to Depart-Works
e are
19
WE WANT ATTRACTIVE HUMES with of without .“mall acreage for cash buyer*. Any good district within hundred miles of Toronto. Send complete particulars with prices at once. No charge of any kind unless we sell. Powell and Company, b 8L Clair East, Toronto.
“Nice wasn't it?"
“Yes, and do you know, the bride’s father gave them a pound of butter to start out with. '
little
wedding.
Fills, HIDES, WOOl,
SHIV US YOUR HIDES, FURS. Wool. Horsehair. Top prices, prompt returns. Peurlman & Goldberg, 180 Front Street, East. Toronto. Government Licensed Wool Grading Station No. 22.
U. S. To Produce Large Hemp Crop
PLANT WANTED
WANTED TO PURCHASE—AUTO-raobile Crankshaft tnd Cylinder Reconditioning Plant. Box No. 97, Merrickvlllc, Ontario. *
“URGENT NEED FOR MORE EGGS per hen" .-•«\the Government. Do your bit by ordering Dray chicks now, whether immediate or later delivery. Started chicks ready, also cockerels for scarce meat markets inter. Rray Hatchery. 130 John. Hamilton, Ont.
Mother: “Johnnie, dear, I was hoping you would be unselfish enough to give your little sister the largest piece of candy. Why, even that old hen will give all the nicest dainties to her little chicks and take only a tiny one once in a while for herself."
Johnnie (after watching the old hen for a while): “Well, mom, I'd do the same thing if it was worms."
Il AI It DRESSING SCHOOL
150,000 Tons of Hemp Fibre Needed In 1943
L E AKN	H Al R D HESS 1N U	TH E
Robertson method. Information on request regarding classes. Robertson's Hairdressing Academy, 137 Avenue Road, Toronto.
I’D l LTD Y WANTED
HENS AND PULLETS WANTED, good prii es. Export Packers. 52 Clinton Street, Toronto—Branch, Brussels, Ontario.
The great need of cordage fibre for our growing number of ships is reviving an old crop familiar before the Revolution and flourishing In the days of the clipper ships, which carried It in trade around the world, Pathfinder lates. Hemp took too much long, hard manual labor, so Kentucky, where it especially flourished, gave it up to the peasant producers of Europe.
East year the agriculture department asked for 12.000 acres of hemp. This year it le asking for 350,000 acres (of which 50,000 will be for seed), to produce a desired 150,000 tons of hemp fibre for 1943. Not only is that a “war crop," but the Commodity Credit Corporation has arranged fur the building of seventy-one hemp mills.
Hump for rope, and also for cloth, has been cultivated widely since ancient times. Greek writers described it, and so did Chinese, long before the Christian era. Herodotus described the hempen ments worn by Thracian* as equal to linen in fineness.
IUMM>% FOII SALE
MEDIC AL
WEEKLY NEWSPAPER AND JOB printing plant in small Ontario town. An excellent opportunity, a one man shop. Box 463, 71 Adelaide \Y\, Toronto.
IT'S PROVEN—EVERY SUFFERer of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon'* Remedy. Sold only MUnro's Drug Store. 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
VOLT.TR Y
way.
Though no really effective treatment for influenza itself has
GOOD PRICES ASSURED, RAISE Cockerel*, help meat shortage Blood tested, heavy type White Hybrid Cockerel* 2c, payment with order. Prompt shipment. Live arrival. Frank Edward*. Watford, Ontario.
been developed since 1918, there are new and proved remedies for the killing of secondary infections—the sulfa drugs and specific bacterial anti-serums which already have cut their toll.
re-
HEAD COLDS, SINUS, NOSE DRIP. Grippe. Influenza relieved in five minutes with Vaplnol Inhalant, 5U treatments $1.00; trial size 25c postpaid. WINDSOR DRUG CO., 3985 Seminole, Windsor, Cun.
BLACKSMITH SHOP EQUIPPED and stocked. also Grist Mill equipped with International engine and Jolliette grinder, all under one roof. Good house and lot included. Splendid farming district. Closing estate. Clarence Mallory. Bloomfield Ont.______________
What's that stone in Ann's engagement ring, Joyce?"
A rolling stone, my dear. 1 had it once."
itr:<.is'il:iieii musks
REGISTERED NURSES FOR GEN-erol duty, $60 monthly with full maintenance, and $65 night duty. Apply to Superintendent, Great War Memorial Hospital, Berth, Ontario.
OFFER TO INVENTORS
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full information sent free The Ramsay Co., Registered Patent Attorneys, 273 Rank Street, Ottawa. Canada.
Greetings By Air
Jack, writing to a dealer: “Sir, please send me two mongeese."
He did not like the look of this, tore it up and began again. ‘‘Sir, please send me two mongooses."
This also failed to satisfy him, so he wrote: “Sir, please send me a mongoose; and, by the way, send me another."
CHICKS
SEND FOR OUR RECORD CHART free and catalogue. Six breeds chicks and all ages growing p lets. Government approved. Si money, early order discounts. Prompt deliveries. Satisfaction guaranteed Monkton Poultry Farm, Monkton, Ontario.
More than 3,000,000 airgraph letters and nearly 5,000,000 postcarde were flown to Africa, India and the Near Fast during the Christmas and New Year season by British Overseas Airways.
TRAIN FOR Nl IISES
ul-
avn
PATENTS e
APPLICATIONS ARE INVITED for girls tvho desire to train,for nurses. September 1943. Cornwall General Hospital, Cornwall. Ont.
Free Helps For inventors
Everyone with a good Idea should
the illustrated From Inven-handsorae form “Record of Your Invention." Get them to-day—Free—from W. Irwin Haskett, 58 Queen Street, Ottawa.
promptly secure Booklet “Fortunes lions,“
H II El M ATH PAIN*
KEG* WANTED
and the
SATISFY
YOURSELF sufferer of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Hold only Munro'e Drug Store, 835 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.0(1.
EVERY
WANTED HATCHING EGGS FROM Government Approved and O B 8.
flocks,
premium paid. Write for full particulars. Box 91, 7$ Adelaide W.e Toronto.
HOW TO RELIEVE
Daughter—“The girl who hesitates ie lost."
Father—"Nonsense, extinct!"
all breeds. Guaranteed
PILE TORTURE
FETHERSTONHAUGH A COMPANY Patent Solicitor». Established 1890;	14 King Wear, Toronto.
Booklet of Information on request
She's
FARMS
*i;ieERFLl Ol * 1I A1R
QUICKLY AND EASILY
far
FARMS, SUBURBAN PROPER-lies, north of Toronto. Apply R. H. Kane, Richmond Hill.
LADIES TROUBLED WITH SUPKK-fluous Hair and especially thou* who have been disappointed in Electrolysis, will welcome the news that elusive, safe, new method which permanently, and completely, removes any growth of superfluous hair, alight or serious, without sny recurrence whatsoever. Please note particularly that cure Is the only method carrying a written guarantee of permanency. Beware of “guarantee»” not In writing. Free consultation. Free estimate. Dermal Clinic (Sth year In Toronto), 229 Yonge St., Toronto.
If you are troubled with Itching piles or rectal soreness, do not delay treatment and run the risk of letting thin condition become chronic. Any itching or soreness or painful passage of stool Is nature's warning
should he secure
For this purpose get a package of Hem-Rold from any druggist and use as directed. This formula which is used Internally is a small, easy to take tablet, will quickly relieve the Itching and soreness and aid in healing the sore tender spots. Hem-Rold is pleasant to use, is highly recommended and It seems the height of folly for any one to risk a painful and chronic pile condition when such a fine remedy may be had at such a small cost.
if you try Hem-Rold and are not entirely pleased wMh the results, your druggist wit! gladly return your money.
MILK CANS RENEWED
THROAT SORE? aJ
•	». 4
RUSTY MILK CANS RETINNED like new. We also buy old cans. Montreal Tinning ft Retinning Co. Ltd., Montreal.

FERRETS
we
possess an ex-
CROWN AND WHITE. EXCELlent hunters. Males $4.60, females $5.00, yearlings $5.50. Wm. Goodwin, Hagersvllle, Ont.
!
and
roper treatment at once.

ap
MIDDLE-AGE)
WOMEN es)


PHOTOGRAPH Y
for common ordinary tor# throat
,u»i£2
X
DON’T TRUDGE THROUGH

/
FOOT BALM
The Heat, Rale, or Hall
HAVE YOUR SNAPS
OH
BAUMEEKA FOOT BALM destroys offensive odor Instantly, 46c bottle. Ottawa agent. De Drug Store. Ottawa.
HEED THIS A D VI CEI 1
If you're cross, restless. NERVOUS— suffer hot flashes, dizziness—caused by this period in a woman's life-try Lydia E. Plnkham’e Vegetable Compound Made eipecially lor Hundreds of thousands remarkably helped. Follow label directions. Made In Canada.
*11
Delivered by Mall
Any $ or $ exposure film perfectly developed and printed for only 26c. Supreme quality and fast service guaranteed.
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
onto
tifSS

FOR RENT
TRACTOR PARTS
ONE HUNDRED ACRES OR MORE wai 1 to rent, with hydro, good bolldlnge,
Langel:mn. K.R. No. 6, Rowman-r I Me, < >
women.
hS
Station J. Toronto
TRACTOR PARTS N K W AND
and wafer.
N
used, for all makes of tractors. General Auto and Tractor Supply, II Frederick St. Kitchener, Ont
ISSUE No. 8—43
tnrio.

###PAGE###7###
"AN HISTORIC MOMENT"
Boy Scout Week February 21 - 27
VOICE
Commentary ôn Current Events
THE WAR . WEEK
O F
I H E
Threat To Australia Removed New Disasters Facing Hitler

PRESS

Open Scout Meetings To Be Held During Week

ABOUT HORSEMEAT
Although some housewives are hostile to the idea of cooking horsemeat none of them have actually kicked over the traces yet. On the whole we expect that plans in that respect will go off without a hitch. Hut look out for galloping indigestion!
—Peterborough Examiner
mat
been expected that. Tunisia would be cleaned out by now but General Eisenhower Is proceeding with great caution and his supply lines, although in mi doing he has risk'd reinforcement of Nazi forces In Tunisia.
Rommel probably got Into Tunisia with about r,0,000 tuen and found there 121» 000 other
In all. The 1 and have si
Mg"
The long and hard-fought battle for the Island of Guadalcanal In the Solomons apparently lias ended. Japanese Imperial Head quarts era reports that Its troops had been withdrawn from the Island.
The conquest of this Island which safeguards Australia and our Unes of communication gives American forces undisputed possession of a bare which becomes a threat to Japan's major bases in the Pacific. It was an exclusively American show and the first land victory to smash the Japanese myth of invincibility and demonstrated that with proper training the American soldier is far superior lo the Japanese. Moreover, by being forced to admit "withdrawal" the Japanese military have lost face before the emperor and the people of Japan.

n ’
The Thief Scout for Canada, His Excellency the Governor-General, has proclaimed the week of February 21-27 as annual f*oy Scout Week throughout Canada. During this week Canada's Boy Scouts and Wolf Cubs will be displaying their movement to the public.
The week will be featured by special national broadcasts, father and son gatherings, open Scout and Cub meetings, displays, rallies and other gatherings designed to give the public a picture of what the world's largest boys' movement seeks to do for the boys of Canada.

mm
fegtiardihg

wr






IE
w*
is

o
troops—175 w< II
fully mounted some tanks, this out the moment, certa: tanks. It is unit" cly t can supply lar r force
In Tun vHl out
00
are
PLAN A GARDEN
The Food Controller says there will be rationing of most foods in Canada before the end of this Why not think about it

i u h|f |

SR %

on
for

»

ft i
>un
i


now and prepare for a bang-up backyard garden to produce fresh greens for the table, real health food for the Summer season?
—St. Catharines Standard
ti
«
rjuin

A
\f-
th- e a1 lly In time outgu confidence that f
I if

o 'a


id
| l I

W' "
11
id every Air's wilt be driven out of Tunisia, the job I» a tough one and Aannot be plIshM !n a frtv weeks. •

*
HE DISAGREED
In a letter before Pearl Harbor a German citizen reported to his American cousin as follows:
“Dear Uncle Karl: We are all fine. The war has harmed none of us yet. Hitler says he is giving us a new prosperity. Cousin Hendrick, who disagreed, was buried yesterday.*'
com-


»
Kursk Recaptured
The fall of Kursk, according to The New York Times, is one of the great Russan victories of the war. Recapture of this key city opens a broad new corridor for the entire Russian offensive. It Is the first breach in the German Winter Wall that stretches from the Baltic to the Black Sea and the fall of the city necessarily imperils the whole structure of German defense in South Russia. Beyond Kursk the Ukrainian plain stretches to the Duel per.
The loss of Kursk may have consequences for the Germans as disastrous as the annihilation of their besieging army at Stalingrad. Both cities were symbols—Stalingrad oî heroic Russian resistance and Kursk of German power to strike. Kursk was the bridgehead from which the Summer offensive was launched last year. Stalingrad was the tidal mark at which it Altered and failed. Within five mouths of Hitler's invasion the Nazis had seized Kursk and its network of strategic railways. For fifteen months they have been fortifying the city, linking it up with other "hedgehog ' centers, developing it as a base for attack and a fort-
Somehow or other the Impression has got around that ITzcrte and Tunis and other Important towns along the coast of Ta ni* ia are just so mu.iy apples which can be picked whenever wo ran get a tail epoug.. boy to d > the job - and that it won't take . vt ry
I boy a»
Stoneman. Chicago
H
4

*


æ
Financial Post
H.
write

1
Daily
% V
1
WHERE ARE THEY?
Hitler is demanding 250,000 Hollanders to fight bis battles for him.
“master race/' when it needs so many foreigners to do 'its fighting, if its defeat is to he staved
off?
This just
wiil a\
if they
n't true
M jo la ; on
a#

1
* i


i<l It.
fact is that our line Cap Serrât on the northern « i>ast right down to Sbeitla, non.swret of Sfzy, is fairly good from a defensive viewpoint, but no more. The Germans and Italians opj^-ve us have even better defensive positions all along the line, anu our efforts to kick them out have keen costly and in the end futil . Before wo ran go for Blzorte and Tunis or even for Kalrouan in the south, we have to puncture a number of fine natural positions which are heavily fortified and strongly manned by excellent fighting men.
That job or series of jobs will have to be undertaken by good Infantry and the price will probably he high.
The. statement that our equipment k better than the enemy’s la subject to serious reservations as far am the Tunisian front Is foncer ned.
Our troops have fought wonderfully, even though we have not yet won a clean-cut battle against the Germans.
nu

R 1 11
m
What has become of the

S r
(mEwSS
ig&&w
The
a
This handshake between General Henri Giraud (left), High Commissioner for French North Africa, and General Charles De Gaulle, leader of the Fighting French, symbolized a closer understanding and a promise of co-operation between the two French factions. They are pictured in the garden of a villa in Casablanca, French Morocco. Seated between them, his face obscured by their gesture of friendship, is President Roosevelt, who commented: "This is an historic moificnt.”
'JÏÏ
His Excellency the (îovernor-General. the Karl of Athlone, Is the Chief Scout for Canada. His Excellency is peculiarly suited to the highest Scout office in the Dominion. As a young lieutenant In South Africa at the turn of the century his commanding officer was the then Col. Robert Baden-Powell, later founder of the Scout movement. The Chief Scout tells the story that Baden Powell often discussed with him his Ideas about Scouts, many years before the organization was launched. The Governor General was also Chief Scout of South Africa when he filled the vice-regal office in that Dominion. Since coming to Canada he has continued his keen Interest in Scouting, attending meetings of the Dominion Executive Committee, and frequently appearing at Scout rallies. He Is an enthusiast for the Scout uniform and has appealed to Boy Scouts across Canada to wear the full standard uniform on all suitable occasions, and to wear It creditably.
The Argonaut
THEY WILL REPAY
Remember, the birds you feed now, while snow covers the ground, will repay kindness by guarding gardens from Insect pests next summer.
—Christian Science Monitor
Publisher Didn’t
Know Everything
Ways Of Saving Men Of The Sea
o
FRONT COMING TO HIM
They now say that Hitler is afraid to return to the Russian front.
front is coming to der fuehrer?
—Winnipeg Tribune
This is the story of an American publisher who discovered when he flew back from England that one of his co-passengers was David Bowrs-Lyon, brother of Queen Elizabeth, writes Leonard Lyons in The New %ork Post. The publisher engaged him in conversation and began to criticize
the British for their failure to solve the India problem. The Britisher reminded the publisher that 30,000,000 Indians were born within the last few years and that the problem is a constantly changing one, involving counties* difficulties. But the publisher continued to criticize the British for failing a solution. Bowca-Lyon listened and then interrupted: “By the way, if I weren't the Queen's brother, do you think I should make a speech about Negroes and America." The noted publisher stared at him and answered: “Don't you dare."
Experience® of scores of men who reached safety after their merchant vessels were torpedoed will aid other merchant seamen In vnig their owu lives.
Studies by the United States Coast Guard, experiences and emergency measure® taken by men drifting In lifeboats have been published In a fife-saving primes- "designed to help save seamen's lives If their ships are sunk."
"Simple things that the landlubber dismisses as trifles not worth bothering about," the coast guard saye, "can mean the difference between life and death to men In a lifeboat."
A bit of metal—part of a tin can—fastened to the oar of one life boat glittered brightly in the sun and attracted attention of a rescue vessel. Now, the coaat guard mays, every life boat will have a metal mirror to reflect the • run’s rays.
There'll be plastic whistles in every seaman's equipment, too. Police whistles now are carried— but they're metal, and In extreme cold cant be used without tearing the lip#
T add ere from engine rooms fixed firmly In place, rescued men have reported, frequently snapped or were torn loose by the concussion when torpedoes struck a ship. The result — whips will have supplementary chain or wide ladders hanging loosely.
The food problems In life boats also have been studied. To supplement dry rations the coast guard recommends canned fruit Juices be placed in all boats.
Illness caused by drinking salt water also Is outlined In the book. H tells how to catch rain water In canvas spread in the life boat —but, here's the trick, the first catch of water must be discarded, for the canvas invariably is coated with salt spray which pollutes the first catch.
But why bother, if der
ress to resist, any assault. Yet the Russians swept over It In a single day.
o
REVERSING CHARGE
“Rutter shortage caused by storm," announces a Toronto paper. Oh, no; “Storm Caused by Butter Shortage."
This indicates one of two thing®, perhaps both. Either the morale of the German Army, after four months of defeat, has deteriorated seriously or the German High Command has decided that its Immediately available reserves and supply system are unequal to the task of holding the 1941 victory line in the Ukraine. It may be the Germans were already withdrawing from Kursk when the Russians struck, and were neither in strength nor mood to fight. Now that the Winter Wall has finally cracked, Germany must count heavily on the possibility of Russian exhaustion and the likelihood of a sea of Spring mud to bog down the Soviet drive. But that drive is still rolling ahead with und&nunished power, while German efforts to "disengage" their armies seem to weaken. General Mud is still far from the battle line. And In the north, where fresh Russian armies are gathering, his arrival will be delayed even longer.
London experts predict that Hitler, facing the dire necessity of shortening his lines aad concentrating his forces to avert a new defeat, will use last year's Winter line as a stopping point only, and that he will retire, eventually, to the Dnieper where he may be able to hold while manotivering elsewhere. Such a retreat under
— Ottawa Citizen
t
, Air-Sea Rescue
Moslem Sagacity
The wise men of neutral Ira-t. When told that the Allie® v ould craq,
Reflected a while,
Then replied, with a smile, “Kindly go sit on a taq!"
When United Nations planes, raiding from Britain, are shot up over continental Europe, the flyers know that their chance of escape is good If they can reach the sea before bailing out or crashing. In waters around England the Air-Sea Rescue service, with ite speedy ambulance boats and specially equipped plane®, has ved more than 1,300 air crews since 1940.
Army Rejects Man Waacs Take Wife
PHONE UNDER FIRE
Mrs. Frederic Amour, twenty-three years old, kissed her husband good bye when he left to take his Army examination.
“Be a good soldier, dear/* she said. “I'll carry on." She wept a bit, then said to herself:
“I'm going to help him. The sooner we all get into this, the sooner it will be over and we can be together again."
An hour later, she enlisted in the Women's Auxiliary Corps. Then she returned home, expecting an empty house, a solitary dinner. Instead, there was Freddie wearing an apron, stirring an omelet.
“Surprise, dear. I haven’t been accepted," he maid.
“Surprise, dear," she replied, “I have!"
f*
1
/
i
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
wt >

fluSMOQBMS?

1


%
l*
/ V

z

/y

A

i
4*
*
Q
«

Russian Tricks
Annoy Germans
constant pressure would add greatly to his enormous losses, it is considered doubtful that he can stand up under great new depletions of strength because Russia, without counting Lease-Lend aid. already out-produces him in many categories, despite her own great territorial and industrial losses.
igmK *&**£&***.
*p§
>
•/ 1

The German press is attempting to explain defeats on the Soviet front by declaring that the Russians tricked them, a Swedish correspondent reported recently.
Russia's concealment of her real military power and skill in camouflage resulted in surprises for the Germans even during the second year of the campaign, the press complained.
The Russians were said to have changed the names of many places, built new towns whose existence was kept secret and laid new railways which were not shown on any maps available to the Germans.
O
i




%
\

'
*

rv<


5s
Preparations In Tunisia
It is estimated that the Americans are at least two monihs farther advanced in North Africa than they would have been if the Dttrlan deal had not been consum-ated and the French bad not capitulated. Vet, because of mud and other factors, including the fact that green United 8Uti are introduced to com bat by easy stages, their progress has been slower than was anticipated. It had
'S
Women Over Forty Are Best Workers

•*
I v.

% A

%
Britain's huskiest women are
if

7
not all with the fighting forces or In the civil defence services. In one comparatively small Thames-side area, which cannot be otherwise identified, 800 women—half the crew—work at one of the biggest raliroad freight depot?.
When women were first hired in March, 1041, it was estimated that five women would do the work of three men. After a few month® the proportion was reduced to four to three, and today It is about level. The only job they cannot do is locomotive driving.

Fox hoi
booth for these 1	i
on the job despite nearby «hell blast. They are vending messugi s through on the African front where nearly all axis forces bnv# been cleared out.
the
It p MU *

4L a
Î »»>
on.
i* 1
t
/o-zÀ
troops
* <
, l

“What did 1 tell you about reading at the breakfast table!!!”
By Gurney (Australia)
"Powerful stuff”
Bluey and Curley of the Anzacs

Yfctt MEAN Ik' ONE wdk FARMIN
up on The.
-, MURRAY / f
YER KNOW THDSE 6YPP0 CIGARETTES l SENT 10 ME cousin alp sack
IN AUSSIE. ? ____*
HE «12 ML SMOKED v 1kE PA6S DOWN NEAR 1k' SWAMP WHERE THE
MoseunbES was Thick ,
ANO WHAT ftO Ybu IklNK HAPPENED ? /
Th’ Bloomin' started
HO SIR.
MOSSIES
doing The can-can !!!
jf Iu. bet The
j ÛYPPO RAGS 1 KILLED The
( MOSSIES SfONE
V etAD.y-^
t
\
Eighty per cent of the women are married and a large proportion have children. Those who do not have relatives at home put the children in day nurseries.
A recent report of the British Supply Council states that 40 per cent of Britain's production work-era are women. Shipyards employ three times as many women workers as they did a year ago, and 15 per cent, or 105,000 of the railroad employees are Women over forty make the best workers and are “move thorough more reliable and more willing to ler.rn," the report conclude®."
/

*
?

:
/
f:
r
(


%

i


i<

rv
4
*
a

%
women.
/ .

*

¦
/

J
r

###PAGE###8###
JHHHHln New Quarters
Shaw ville Co.operative Hatch try, and the Kgg and Poultry Association are now estahlisdie l in the residential building King and Centre Streets, recently copied by Mr. and Mrs. Alex Hazzard, and are ready tor a laige
reason's business.
The office is situated to the
® ¦ Hr
bums which lu* vc a t t il ,•«,» .city , cu=t He became so popular that he ,,t L’l.r.JOcggs, me rtt the hick ul mvited to take his band to Futile building, and the hioodei roPe c” tour. They played in every pens will be on the second Hour. I large city on the continent and even An autom ttic egg grader will be appeared at the Paris Opera house, installed during this week. Mr When the band came back to the t h la \ mug is continuing *i* States, vaudeville was dead. Heidi manager ot both enterprise*.	couldn't get a booking of any kind.
1 he i ti got together, talked it over and decided radio was the thing. But the orchestra was a stage group ... it needed a lot of working over.
The band was signed as the house unit at a San Francisco theater.
Here for two years changes were made. Different orchestrations were created and experimented with . . . then they attempted to launch themselves in radio.
Audition after audition was played with the answer always “no.” No one thought the Heidt personality
could be transferred from the stage I Youngsters Strain £yes to radio.
Then came the “break/* They were asked to audition
ittt tP*ch
Funeral of Victor W. McGuire
Of
O*
(When Vaudeville Went Out Then Radio Break Entered


V»
Funeral services were held Wednes-Uy afternoon, Feb. to, from Martin Brothers’ chapel for the Vite Victor W McGuire, «J3, resident uf Lethbridge for
he past 40 years who passtd suddenly
»n Sum I ty.
He uas f Hind dead by hi< \\ ife about •ne o'clock after Mrs McGuire received no reply to her calling him for lunch.
Mi. McGuire had been relief investi gator for the city <*f Lethbridge since A pi i I I. 15)34. Previously lie was a fur niture dealer in the city.
Bornât Bristol, Que, on April 14, is so, Mr. McGuire came to this city in about 19o3. He had been in falling
health for some time.
Left to mourn his passing are his widow; one daughter Mrs. John Poneeh, •f I^ethbridg hy the V«Ig uy Power Company, at
three brothers, Clarence,* of Cornwall, Out : Milton, of Shaw ville, uni I leibvrt, <»l NeKon, B. C ; and three sisters, Mrs. Wm. Bedford, of Edmonton ; Mrs. Verm Gloecker, of Saskatoon, and Mrs. Martha Bourke, of Montreal
O
O
The collapse of vaudeville worked a hardship on all entertainers . . . but it was the biggest “break" Horace Heidt ever had.
Horace was a “big name” in those days, but he has a “bigger name' now.
f
*

o •
V
ïttu-i 11/eq Scrrm
To Carry On Your War Work?
n Claud»*, employed
#4 S
Brk.i.kii Hank*
r«i
i
Of much interest was the xved ding in Centennial l ni ted Clmrvli London, Ont , at four o'clock on Saturday afternoon of Mi-s 1 ioro thy l*obel Haye-, daughter of Mr. ami Mr< XV. .1. Hayes, of Shaw ville, to Lie. Herbert Charles 11 Brigger, son vf Mrs, C H. Hiigger and the late Mi Hrigger. ltvv. IV T, Rich ml* officiated. Huth the hride and her bridesmaid, Miss Jean Buned, were with the first contingent of Canadian nurses to sail for South Africa. They were stationed at Oiibi Military Hospital, Pietermaritzburg. Lae. Vlias. M. Brodie, K C.A.F., was best man.
The bride and her attendant both wore the dress uniform of the Royal Canadian Army Medical Corps of blue silk with white collars and cuff*, the white veils ami white gloves. The bride carried the Prayer Book of the Armed Forces, with while val uations, tlm white *atin -treamers knotted with forget me nuts. The bridesmaid carried a bouquet of red carnations with red, white and blue ribbon.
A reception Belvedere Hotel, and later the couple left tor a wedding trip
The bride travelled in a brown -ilk printed dress with brown accessories and a muskrat coat, the gift of the bridegroom their return they will take up red
denceat Rxeter. Out
Every Canadian citizen has a part to do in winning this “survivaV’war against the international bandits who are trying to kill freedom and enslave mankind. Your war work is your most important job.
The Bank of Montreal encourages war-time saving, rather than bonou ing, but there are cases where a timely bank loan not only saves money for the borrower but helps him to do a better job for VICTORY.
If you find it necessary to borrow money in order to perform your highest duty as a Canadian citizen —whatever that duty may be—please feel free to discuss your financial needs in confidence with the manager of our nearest branch. We have hundreds of branches throughout Canada.
kS

'X
P
s
N8

%
Mr. McGuire was indentitied with S mthmiuiüter United Church.
%

While Reading Funn.es
and
were accepted by a large manufac- leads hanging down, favorite p-*si-till ing concern.	| ion for child it n. is one of the ch’vf
•auses of nearsightedness, accord* ng to Dr. Frederick A. XVoll, asociale in optometry at Columbia university.
¦¦¦HH
Think twice, if you are less than | vhicli takes the weight off the
leads to graze, but human beings lave no such muscle,” Dr aid. “By hanging their heads for tours while reading, children tretch their eyeballs, and increase he distance between the back of
so that

A
tf'

Under 20, Boys and Girls Not Emotionally Mature

v
i
20 years of age, before you marry your soldier boy, Prof. Marion S.
McDowell, director of the nursery school at the Pennsylvania State college and a specialist in family relationships, advises.
“Most boys and girls do not gain enough emotional maturity under 20 he eye and the lens to make a good choice of partners,” nearsightedness is the result.
“Emotional | “Youngsters have a powerful
ens, compared to adults, and this non ns that they are able to focus ip close. In order to enlarge the
f
Wo 11
htilil ut the
f* ‘ Ur!
man >
m
1
L
Mrs. McDowell said stability is thc#most important dc ciding feet or in determining wheth er a marriage will be successful.” .
Mrs. McDowell urged women not slze of print while learning to read, to be in a hurry to marry if their hey will invariably bring their partners are jealous, need constant 00°ks or pictures close to their assurance of affection, are unwilling :aces*, The eyes are pulled in and to acknowledge mistakes, or are *own. *n ^his close reading, the cir- : unwilling to face facts or accept filiation is choked off, and the eyes responsibility.	become engorged, again resulting in
Prospects for happiness in mar- stretching the eyeballs.	j
riage are greater. Mrs. McDowell A Dr stner in Austria tried concluded, if the wife and husband harnessing one class of children so . have a common racial, religious, ed- t iat they couldn t gi t too close to j ucational, and economic background lhe,r w.or^» anc* that class did turn and if they have known each other oat to be noticeably less near-sight-
long enough to have discussed their	sXst,?m seems B
goals and ideals for marriage and drastic, Dr. Woll commented. A family life.	simpler method is to blow up the
'	size of print so that bringing it
close to the eye narrows the field of vision, and the children will hold the book away in order to take in a whole word or phrase at a glance.”
On
BANK OF MONTREAL
"A BANK WHERE SMALL ACCOUNTS ARE WELCOME"
the Outcome of 125 Years' Successful Operation
Fiji Islanders Formerly
Practiced Cannibalism
Fiji islanders of the old order were born with a blood thirst. They made a career of cannibalism, out-oid all their fellow practitioners in the South Seas. Relatives and companions were likely to appear on the meat course. Missionary influence changed jungle appetites. The entire population took to Christian ways. Current editions of the islanders are mild-mannered, courteous and kindly.
At the war’s outbreak, the population included about 4,000 Europeans, 101,000 natives and 92,000 East Indians “imported” for sugar production because the natives do not like plantation work. Growth of rubber trees, cotton and rice has been encouraged.
Industrial plants in operation in normal times included sugar mills, rice mills, cotton gins, saw mills, slaughter houses and a biscuit bakery. The trade in dried coconut kernels was second only to the sugar business. Roads are few. Boats and launches provided local transportation. Opening of the Panama canal gave the islands an economic lift, put them on the England-Australia-. New Zealand sea route.
Suva, chief city, population about 14,000, has a deep harbor, about twe miles square, a waterworks, electric lights, and telephones. The main business street is flanked with concrete buildings.
Suva is the main station of the Canada-Australia cable link, a port of call for mail steamers from Vancouver to Sydney. Weekly steamship service was in effect to and from New Zealand and Australia. The Rewa river, near Suva, is navigable for 40 miles.
Modern, Experienced Banking Service .
• e
Buy
Shawville Branch : G. A. McDOUGALL, Manager
/ WAR \ ? SAVINGS ~ \ CERTIFICATES
%
190
Aegean Islands, Abandoned by Nazis
Take your change in WAR SAVINS STAMPS
IN MEMORIAM
The principal islands in the Aegean chain, where only skeleton Nazi forces now are reported remaining are Lemnos, Mytilene (ancient Lesbos), Chios, Samos and Rhodes. The first four named are Greek, and were seized by the Nazis promptly after the invasion of Greece and before the battle for near-by Crete in April-May, 1941. Rhodes, included in the news of the withdrawal action, is foremost of the Italian Dodecanese group. Their healthful climate and extreme fertility, in addition to their position with relation to the Balkans, Asia Minor, Syria, Palestine, Egypt* and the Black and Mediterranean seas, have caused these islands to be fought over many times in history, says a bulletin from the National Geographic society Chios, Samos and Rhodes boasting peaks above 4,000 feet. All normally produce largo crops of olives, figs, grapes, oranges and lemons.
In loving memory of our deir son, lioy T McCorriston. who passed away February 27th, 1940.
Ancients Thought Dwarfs
From Definite Nation
It's lonesome here without you,
And sad and long the way;
Midget is the popular name for Life has not been the same to us,
Since yell were called away.
Though absent from us yet ever so near, Unseen by the world he walks by our side,
And whispers, “my dear ones.
Death cannot divide.”
dwarfs, those extraordinary undersized individuals of a race of normal stature. It is estimated that there are about 10,000 in the world. About 250 live in Hungary. Africa has several races of dwarfs, notably the Bushmen; the Akkas, who harassed Stanley on his famous march in 1888; the Obongos; the Batwas; and the M’Kabba tribe. There are pygmies also in Dutch New Guinea, in the Philippines, and in Java. Dwarfs are often strong, active, intelligent and well-proportioned.
The ancients believed not only in
CERTIFIED CHICKS
SHAWVILLE CO-OPERATIVE
Sadly missed by father and mother, Mit. and Mrs. Walton AIvCoiiri.nTox
ORLA YOUNG, Manager
SHAWVILLE, QUE
Phone 98
All flocks are blood-tested and under Quebec Government Inspection
( Standard Method )
Eggs must weigh at least two ounces
Our chicks are issued from vigorous birds of standard size and selected for egg production.
Corrigan—In loving memory <»f onr dear sister, Mrs. Frank Corrigan, whn departed this life Feb. IS, 1037,

All are mountainous
We cannot think of her as dead She walks with us no more,
dwarfs but in nations of them who i Along the path of life we tread ; were capable of astounding feats She has buc gone before.
:##§'&..................-
ancient Germanic and Scandinavian	..	, „
peoples.	Sisters amt Brothers
Until the 18th century, dwarfs were greatly in demand at courts.
The Romans even practiced artificial dwarfing. Today many jockeys restrict their height and are practically dwarfs.
Tells Difference Between Democracy and Republic
A precise definition of democracy is almost impossible, explains a member of the University of Pennsylvania political science department. For over 2,000 years it has been used to denote not only a kind but a form of government, a purpose or motive of the people and also the political or economic result of their desires.
Democracies usually are classed as (1) pure or direct and (2) representative or indirect WÊÊÈBÊM democracy is one where the will of the state is expressed by people directly in mass meeting. Representative government is where the will Df the state is formulated and expressed through a relatively small body chosen by the people as their representatives.
The term representative government often is used synonymously with‘republican government. Strictly speaking it is not necessarily a democracy, for sometimes representatives are chosen by a greatly restricted class of voters. Today “republic” often specifically implies such a free popular government in which no classes have exclusive political privileges and the electorate Includes at least the great body of adult male inhabitants under constitutional restrictions.
The United States is classed as a representative democracy or a republic.
CARDS OF THANKS
Mr. Basil Quille and Mr. Thoma.1 Hades and family, <lc>ire to express their sincere thank* to friends and neighbours for their kindness and expression» of sympathy during tneir recent bereavement.
Wisconsin Issues Ruling
To Protect Its Forests
Wisconsin forests, now partially restored, will be protected from exploitation to meet the wartime timber market if a program proposed by the state conservation commission becomes effective, the American Society of Planning Officials said.
So great have been demands for wood and lumber recently in the state—as in other lumber producing states—that Wisconsin forestry authorities fear reforestation work of the last 10 years may be endangered, especially in the northern counties.
The forest-saving program consists of voluntary agreements by producers and users of timber and forest products that they will aid in conserving the state's forests during the war period.
Under one agreement, proposed to 120 wood-using industries and timber operators, buyers and users of forest products would reject timber which does not meet certain specifications according to size. Spruce, balsam, pine and tamarack, for example, would not be accepted for pulpwood unless more than four inches in diameter, and hemlock, five inenes.
BREEDS
New York Indians Raise Most AH Their Provisions
Indians of the Six Nations Federation, still farming small parts of their original lands in New York state, set a good wartime example for their rural neighbors by growing nearly all the food they use at home.
Families of the red-skinned tribes that first taught white men to grow corn, to save them from starvation, are still growing corn and beans and squash as they did centuries ago, along with potatoes, small grains, and their flocks of chickens and pigs for meat.
As most of the Indian land is owned by the tribe, not by the family, few Indians have been able to buy machinery for large-scale farm production, says Prof. F. P. Bussell of the New York State college of agriculture. Ithaca, N. Y.
To get their other necessities, the worker you’ll dolour job better if Indians now living on reservations you take time for cleansing baths, have long worked on railroads, in a becoming hairdo, and spick-and-sewmills, and in other work near span clothes. When you look well, their homes. Today many indi- you usually feel well And when ans work in war industries during you feel well there’s no limit to the day, and carry on their sub- what you can accomplish for your-sistcnce farming evenings and self and your family, as well as week-ends. »	for Uncle Sam,	w
Barred-Plymouth Rock
White Leghorn #* Chicks will be available on the following dates *#
We desire to « xpress c ur sincere thanks to many friend* and neighbours for their grc it kindness and expressions of sympathy during our recent bereavement.
16, 19, 23, 26, 30	..............
2, 6, 9. 13, 16, 20, 23 27, 30
March :
April :
May: 4, 7, 11, 14, 14	18, 21, 25. 28
$14 00 per 100
14.00	14	44
13.00	4	44
12.00	M	46
1. 4. 8, II, 15. 18, 22, 25, 29,	11 00	44	41
10 00	44	44
A pure
Jas, P. Connelly and Family
' I wish to thank my in iny friends and relatives for kindness and sympathy received during my recent bereavement in the loss of my beloved husband.
Ms*. Norman Brownlee
Ottawa, Ont.
June :
July : 2, 6, 9,

For White Leghorns, $1.00 less per 100 than above prices


NOTE—See us at our new location on Centre Street

Refreshing Beauty
In peacetime you owe it to yourself to look attractive. In wartime it’s your patriotic duty to be easy on the eyes. Keeping up morale, your own and others, is a woman’s business. Homemaker or defense

R. O. P, Cockerels used in Breeding Pens
Started Chicks for Sale
;
BOOTS AND SHOES- Men’* and iOR SALE-A quantity of good
comfort, a perfect fit for every foot.
Hj I	___ FOR SALE—Two Buckeye Incuba.
Kenneth Judd, Mules Agent, 8ln*wville, / tors, capacity, 2640 eggs each, a bargain*
’Apply to R. W. Hodqiws Shawville.
z
z
4644
