###PAGE###1###
mtâ

L
4

;
No. 38 OOtii Veau
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, MARCH 25th,	1943
BIRTHS
Maple Sugar Prices Set
MARRIED
GOWLIXG
BUSINESS
Maximum price* fit which pro- Corrigan — At. the Pembroke censor». wholesaler* mid retailer» I General Ho«pi tal, on * Saturday, y sell mnple *yru|>^mii))le mirhi- \Uroh 20t 1013, to CpI and Mrs
{ maple hntV'r me established It. |) Corrigan (nptVVWfvjorie Me
by ii new \V P.T.H. order. Price Tiernan) a daughter, Gall, me on a mote uniform bn»is till*	•	_
year and nrn generally in line |
with th »se prevailing in recent | PERSONAL MENTION
Parks— McCaoo
A we.Ming uf much interest was solemnized at the Austin United Church on Friday, March 12th, at three o'clock, when Marjoria Caroline, daughter of Mr. Fred McCagg a lid the late Mrs Fred McCagg, of Shaw ville, became the bride of William Fmmerson, son ot the late Mr. and Mrs. William Park. Rev Mr. Krause, of Stai k* Corners, ufli via ted. Mrs. Man-on McCagg presided at the organ.
The bride, give 1 in marriage by her father, was attended by liei sister. Mis» Melba McCagg.
The bridegroom's attendant wa-Mr. Finery Little Able Seaman Cecil McCagg. R.O.N. V.R, atrn Mr. Kenneth McCagg, wpr'e the ushers.	^
Cleaning Time
COLLEGE
IUH
a in
'orner Bank and Somerset Street4
Ottawa Ontario
I
This ol
t<> «i g< mum
pntlhes. Tlie tj nest mid most
modem n Ontario school with reputation Open a
eliabl schoo Inis
and liner
is
Mr*. Wm. Park, of Sutton, Ont, i* a cne*t this week of Mr*. Geo. L<tk *, in town.
Sur Reuben Snarling. R C.K., of Ottawa, spent the week end with relative* at Murrell*.
^¦¦¦Attend a n established
Paint and Wallpaper Time
Miscellaneous Shower
yeai
Mrs. Jolm Morrison entertained at her home in Austin section on Friday evening, March 10th, in
honour of Corporal Eric Smith and I Mrs. 9. Chamberlain, of Ren hi* bride, the former Miss Minom frew, Ont., spent the week end i Armstrong, of Austin.	I town with relatives.
Many friend and neighbors of the community attended, and the — mple received many
w. E. COWLING resident
H.W. BRAITHWAITE Principe
JAMES A. MILLAR
Sherwin-Williams
Paint, Varnish and Enamel
Mr. Karl Gar re tty, of Ottawa, visited hi« mother and sister in town for the week end.
Mr. John Howard, of Ottawa, spent the week end with relatives and a friend in town.
Mrs. S. E. Dale, of Ottawa, visited relatives and friends in town during the past week.
____	BtA.lL. L. LJHBiH
After the ceremony sapper was
served by Mrs. Dive Davies, sister}:* ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
of the grooiu, at their home, .	- 129 Main St.,Hull. Que
Later in the evening a reception
was held at which a large number At Moyl* • Hotel, Campbell's Bey of triends and relatives attended The evening was pleasantly spent in music and dancing.
Mr and Mrs. Park received many beautiful gifts.
young cm lovely gift*
CoriKiral Smith is a member of the R.C.A.F.
• rty Wednesday
morning
At Pontia tHouse, S haw will e,e very Wednesday at Noon
Miss Marjorie McCagg Honoured
Fee cur Wallpaper Sample Book
Place your order early
McCagg, one of this months brides. I pte. Borden Hodcins. ntf Ottawa Miss McCagg received ,naiiy spent the week-end with his par beautiful gift* from friends of the |ents, Mr. and Mr*. Theodore Hodg ( immunity, and very graciously expressed her thanks after un wrapping all the packages.
Dainty refreshments were served by the hostess.
HARLAND O. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill Unirersity
8MAWVILLE.QUE.
MuitIUY—Shkhman
Canon G. A, Brunet officiated at the marriage on Saturday evening March 13th, in St. Matthew’s church, of Miss Beatrice Joy Slier, man, daughter of Mr. and Mrs, E Sherman, to CpI. Gordon A. Mur* ray, H C.A.F., -on of Mr, and Mrs. W.J. Murray, of Maryland, Que.
Mr. Sherman gave his daughter in marriage and she was attended by Mrs H. Coulthavt as matron of honor. Mr. W. Sherman, brother of the bride, attended the gioom.
A navy blue tailored suit in herringbone nattei n was woi n by the bride, with a white sheer blouse, navy blue hat and accessories* and a corsage bouquet of Happy Day roses completed lier costume.
Mrs. (Jonlthart was attired in a crepe daytime dre-s of soft blue made with a high neckline, titled bodice and three quarter length sleeves. Her small black hit was veiled and she wore black accessories and a coinage bouquet of Talisman rose-.
The reception was held at the home of the bride's parents and later the young couple left on a trip to Timmins. The bride’s ensemble consisted of a two piece wool model of air force blue, topped uy a Harris tweed coat CpI. and Mrs. Murray will reside in Ottawa.
Out of town guests were Lie. XV. Sherman. R C.A F., of Fingab Sgt. A. Sherman. H V. A. F , of Dartmouth, N S.
I
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
•4 Estate C, J. Caldwell *-
in*
Mr*. Lee Hudgins spent a few days la*t week at the home ol her «ister, Mrs. Henry Hudgins, Pembroke.
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C
Advocate Barrister Solicitor, etc.
OrriCK : Campbell’* Bay, Quebec (In| Lawn Block )
Ac. Alice Hod gin*. (XV. D) RC. A F, of Halifax, is spending a furlough with her parent*, Mr.
heodore Hudgins.
Every Saving Helps Win War
Thrift has gone	Hou*e-|*nd
wives who make over old clothes Mr. If, J. Hoy, of Ottawa, are helping the cause of victory spent nie week end at the home by saving materials and easing 10f jp* son-in-law anil daughter,
the load on factorial* XVomen | yfr and Mrs Mell McNeeley.
e'!mur,«g7<ftoe-tS0'iu.we ilTthe I MIm Kay Warren returned home clothe, conservation drive of the I on Sunday after -pending a few W.P.T.B. Fashion revues ol made day* t,u* home ol Mi. and Mis. clothing in Toronto and Ellis Huckahone, ol Pembroke.
Montreal showed how easy the Messrs. Earl Hodgins and Frank task can be and how attractive Corrigan, who have employed in made-over clothing can ap- construction work at retawawa pear. The campaign i* directed Military Camp, returned to town by the consumer branch of the [ |rtSt week.
the	<>f
Mrs. Kate Aitken.
9H
DONAT Le GUERRIER Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
FEED CONDITIONERS
Branch at Quyon ; will call any
Monday on request
Matters dealt with by c< nr.-jcic'
over
the
All stock prices — Pay attention to good feeding. It will pay you
good dividends
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT - BARRISTER
HULL. QUEBEC
Mr. and Mrs. C. XV, Dagg, and little daughter, Margo, of Ottawa, spent a few days of tin* past week
Shawville Curlers Defeated at Ottawa I at the home of Mrs. Dagg's father,
Mr. W. A, Hudgins.
i

In four friendly matches played I Pilot Officer Raymond Lynch, at the Ottawa Curling Club last who received his commission at St. Wednesday, Ottawa curlers de John, Que., on March 10th, is feated four links from Shawville upending a two weeks* furlough in evenly contested games.	with his parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Following are the rinks and | Trueman Lyncll*^J*J***|| scores
Consultations by Appointment
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
»
I
Mr. and Mrs. Ross Swartz, and little daughter. Heather, of Valley-Held, Que , are spending a vacation at the home of the former’s parents, Mr. and Mrs. I. Swartz.
Royal|Purple Calf Meal
Ottawa A, Thurston J. A. McCredie L. H. Davis F. W. Howe
Shawville It Beckett A. Hod gins G. A. MacDougall A. G. Brough
skip—0 N. Drummond W Shaw G. McDowell G. Paul
Mrs. John D. Ford Dies After Lingering Illness
DR. H. K. NEILSON
$1.10
$4.10
25-lb bag 100 lb bag
...	_, Mr. Norval Horner, of Creel.
8kib— / I man, Sask., visited his brothers, Fred and Alex Horner, at Charte: is, during the past week. Mr. Horner, who is president of the Laymen's Association of the skip—91 United Church in Saskatchewan,
East to attend sessions of
On Sunday Mrs. John D Ford died at the home of her sister, Mrs Sam Dale, Main Street, West, after a lingering illness, in her 7tHh year.
Mrs Ford was bom in Clarendon tow n y hip, her maiden name being Margaret Horner, daughter of the late Mr. Sam Homeland his wife, Jessie Hamilton. ’She lived in Clarendon until 1019, when she went to Creel man. Sask. There she married Mr. Fold, who predeceased lier seven years Ago She returned to this district ill 1938, and ha- lived with her sister. Mrs. Dale, ever since.
She is survived by two step sons, Pte John Ford, of Assina-boia. Lac Sydney Fold, R.C.A.F., Oak Like, Man ; two step-daughters. Mrs. William Dtlton, of Regina, Sask HHHHBfl Ford, of Orange brothers, James, ot Shawville ; Samuel, of Milden, Sask.; Hugh, of McCord, Sask., and three sisters, Mr». Sam Dale and Mrs. J. B. Arm strong, cf Shawville, and Mrs Kobe. Fraser, of McKellar town-site, Ottawa.
The funeral was held on Tuesday afternoon from her late home to Shawville United Church, of which the deceased was a member, and service was conducted by her pastor, Rev. A F Pokes.
Interment was made in village cemetery. The pall hearers were, Messrs. A H. and F. A Horner. C. N. Woodley, R. J Hamilton. XV. H. Corrigan and Alfred Arm strong.
Eye, Ear, Note and Threat SPECIALIST
E. H. Snider A. A Gaboon H. H. Ward W. A. Weir
Other Royal Purple Products
i
ILOI
skip—8
J. R. Hernie G. Higman J McLaughlin G. White
OTTAWA
ONT
Hog Conditioner Roup Specific Sweat Liniment Diarrhoea*TabIets Lice Power
K. Hodgins V. Jacques M. Hodgins H. M. Turner
skip—7
came
various Hoards of the Church convening in Toronto this week.
Stock Conditioner Poultry Conditioner Cough Powder Gall Salve Sheep Dip
RHONE, 2-7961
8k*P-K RED CROSS DRIVE
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
J. R. Dover Nelli* Hodgins 0. Rich J. Bradley
C. Dean
Dr, S. McDowell L. Wilson A. D. McCredie skip—7
The Shawville and District Red Grose drive is going strongly through this week, the campaign skip—8 j jiving been extended that all
may be reached that possibly can None of the canvass in any sec tiou is completed but incomplete returns show that about 60 per cent, of the 81000 allocation has
N&MMBI
It was an nil out game from the not reported us yet. mid none of starting whittle a»Troth camps those mentioned above aie com-
EtSiltewPi
the stolid Yarm boys who were in I reach last year s subset iption of
the lead practically all the way. flow)
Yarm o.itscored the home team Over 50 men and women are en 3 to 2 in the first period, and from gaged in the canvass in the village then on kept the command. At a»d the three townships of Bristol the end of the second frame Yarn» Clarendon and Thorne. They are still led 5 to 8. In the third period meeting a very favourable retajp-a burst of speed and clever stick- tion, and the fine donations being handling by the Shawville boys given shows that the Red Cross brought the score to a deadlock, has the good will and sympathy 5 to5. Just when it appeared the °f citizens, R-very one is game would go into overtime, «rged to do their best to roll no a Ebert Richardson, in the land h>rge amount well over .the ohjec-minute ol the regular playing live, and to try and finish the job time, scored his third goal of the some time this week. If any are
V±‘ «o dock .1» „„m,	SKI'T{Kf.lSSC
Th<. liriMtinA*	vvho will assign the amount to the
Shawville—Goal, Riley; defence credit ol the proper district.
Graham, Knox; centre, R. Me	Quota Reached
Gredie; wings, Rennick, Gibbon; On Wednesday morning, after subs, Morrison, H. McCredie and the above was put into type, Mi. , x.
46 Bronson Ave., Cor. uladstone
OTTAWA. ONTARIO

SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Special!* 1 on al visual andmusculareyeiafects
T.T. Beattie, Kathleen M.Rollins,
^eg. Optometrist
Yarn Polar Bears Trim Shawville Wildcats 6 to 5
and Mis* Lillian N. J ; three
Reg Optometrist

Dr. Bell’s Remedies
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
Poultry Tonic
Condition Powder
Medical Wonder
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
QUE
SHAWVILLE
Rex Wheat Germ Oil Sulphur and Oyster Shells Best-ever Laying Mash, $2.65 per bag
Reception Held For Sgt. end Mr* B rigger
Talking Pictures
Ships With Wings
On Monday evening of last week, Mr. a ad Mrs, XV. J. Hayes held a reception at their home on Centre Street, in honour of their daugh ter. .Xprsing Sister, Dorothy Hayes and her husband, Sgt. Herbert Rrigger, R C.A.F., who were mar d at London, Ont., recently. iy friend* and lelatives of district attended, and Mr.
Wallace
Added Attractions
“DUMB LIKE A FOX”
at
ne
THE W. A. HODGINS STORE
Man
Shawville Theatre
Thursday, March 25 At 9.00 p. m.
the
of
Quebec
Shawville
fence, J. Hodgins A centre, Holmes; wings E, Iitcharo son, G. Rilgour; subs, O. Bel s her. D Richardson, J. Curiie-Miib and Armstrong. •
«
4
:

###PAGE###2###
#
YOUNG CANADIANS
•he had no right to resent another girl’s interest in him now.
And yet she was glad when the evening was over, glad when Tom, apparently oblivious to Daisy’s enchantments, refused an invitation to ride along with the Armstrongs. and hailed a taxi for himself and Enid.
It was nice to be alone with him in the intimate darkness of the cab. Nice to feel his hand close over one of hers and press it warmly. But he made no move beyond that gesture. They talked about his life at camp, lie asked her to write to him. He said it was darned lonesonu home.
TABLE TALKS
HOW
CAN HELP TO WIN THE WAP
NO TEMPORARY RELIEF FOR MEJ’VE SAID GOODBYE TO CONSTIPATION !

SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Macaroni Batting For
Meat
BOVS. TNI JUNIOR RID CIO$$ NAS 111*1 ~ AUI D TO SUPPLY 160.000 WOOWN SPLINT» PON CANADAS A AWED FO*CI|.^( I AM VOU Rf ADV TO TAKt QhJ TWIS INfOtTANT WAR JOI	?
BE SUM TO ATTEND THE JUNIOR : BED CROSS TW16 AFTERNOON >
-----irlfX AND THE SRZAAR
J-^ll V V» ON SATURDAY/
NI6HT /
m
WE Will, V MISS BROWN
5


*
: VOU BIT we ARE V\MK BOUTON /
hT'CT 5
Beef anti pork are primarily protein foods, while macaroni, spaghetti and egg noodles are super-rich in carbohydrates and are usually regarded as the “energy trio.” But you must remember that each member of this “energy trio” is also rich in proteins and that with the aid of comparatively small quantities of
er meat- cuts, pr left-
ind nourish-
i



* -
r
1
# I'm working harder than ever these days. Have no time to be troubled by constipation due to lack of the right kind of “bulk" in my diet. Thank goodness there is a sensible way to correct that condition . . . instead of taking cathartics.
ary relief.
Why not try eating KELLOGG’S ALL-BRAN every morning and see
if this delicious cereal doesn't help you become “régular'\.uiaturallyt
Get your KELLOGG'S ALLBRAN daily . . . drink plenty of
how easily your old "trouble" disappears. Get KELLOGG S ALLBRAN I Available in two convenient sizes at all grocers*. Made by Kellogg's in London, Canada.

m ».
m

r-
x
» /

F
i

tliki /? >!

and discover for yourself
ÇV
* # #
from
11
I «I
fwEU.CMBlS.WMT AIE YOU GOING
[to DO wim the wofîiy you kaise
. ,-T-t r-XIHIS TIME o A
r THIS BIG PHI OF CLOTHING 16 GOING TO HEADQUARTERS AND WIU BE IN ENGLAND VERY SOON.
( while
he went to the door wit;> Knid.
“1 don't suppose I'll see you again, this trip," he said as slm tumbled with her key at the door in the darkness. “I go back Vo camp early in the morning."
''l)h—what time?"
“Wo have to he at the station by 7.'1
He had been careful to keep his distance all evening. Meticulously so, as if mere casual friendliness was an armor put on for his own protection. Hut now, his voice changed.
“How about one little kiss— just for old-time's sake?"
She lifted her face to his. He tried to make the caress light and careless, but a* his lips touched hers his arms tightened convulsively. He gave a little groan.
Then abruptly he released her.
to leave.
kc
t the cal) x>
whi

only give te
• Ill
shpfi
the
l
i :
over meats, di ing one-dish meals may be prepared. Thus macarom, spaghetti
and egg noodles are ideal pinch hitters in the game of war, shortages, and nerves.
Compare the cost per pound of your favorite meat, with the cost of a pound of macaroni, spaghetti or egg noodles. Then glance over the following recipes ano see how tar this “energy stretch when used with fresh or left-over meats, or chicken and those necessary vegetables.
m
> YOU'VE DONE SPLENDIDLY GIRLS
/ITS AU 601*610 OU* JUNO*
/ NDUUM »U*0 Of I40U6Û, TO I4TT MU&ICII WSTtUMLNTS '
VMt MhtOwies
\\fl» w*e .r
>
p*
4
S
U
• SERIAL STORY
h VI
MCI
l
y
1
WHEN A GIRL MARRIES
d
\

x 1

BY RENE RYERSON MART
fi
-5 CIVI CfH(R0V$1V 10 THE CIBIHIM III Ctl»
food" will
SAD DECISION
CHAPTER XVI
It was a break for Phil and Letty, the first real break they’d
ever had.
Phil and Letty were selling their furniture, and they moved in with the Sharons while that was going on. Enid gave up her bedroom to them and the twins, and slept on the davenport in the liv-ir j room. Little Ann’s crib was in there, too.
Sometimes, waking in the night, Enid would get up to see that the baby was covered, and drop a furtive kiss in the downy soft pink face, and wonder fearfully what she was going to do when they were all gone.
Hut she didn't have much time to brood over that. Thera were a hundred things to he done in that short week, and Enid helped with all of them. Clothes to he packed, hampers of food to be prepared, last-minute shopping errands. A ml at last, the morning when Enid watched them stow the last bit of luggage in the trailer, pack themselves in the sedan, and with tearful smiles and much handwaving drive away.
Christie's Biscuits
There'* a wartime duty for every Canadian' -t
# f
' 4 ' *
Thrifty Macaroni Treat
Patriotic housewives waste no meat. Here's a favorite way to combine left-over meats in a tasty, economical and generally popular dish:
% lb. elbow macaroni Buttered bread crumbs IVfc cups ground left-over meats Pepper and salt
Grind meat and add seasoning. Cook macaroni in 1 quart of water or stock that is boiling when macaroni is added, until all liquid is absorbed.
A friend of Phil's who had gone out to California months before had written urging Phil to come out there, too. He had a job for him in an airplane factory, and Phil could go to work as soon ns he got there at wages that seemed fabulous to him and Le tty.
“Some of the other boys from the shop are going, too,” Phil explained.
“Tom?" Enid asked with sudden alertness.
Phil looked at her queerly. “No Tom enlisted in the army a month ago. Didn’t you know?” She knew they had all been wondering what had happened between he and Tom.
It was Lett y who saved her from further embarrassment, her faded eyes bright and shining, and bubbling over with exited plans.
She wa saying eagerly to Mom, “I want you and Pop to come out and visit us just as soon as we get settled.”
where space is limited, it is advisable to purchase these from regular sources and to grow the smaller things in the home garden.
Lower Output Worries Nazis
He turned precipitately
Experts Must Find Means To Match Allied Production

*
Scientists have been giving us many improvements in vegetables. Their work has been carried out jn two directions; first, the introduction of vegetables unfamiliar to most Canadians and, second and probably more important, vast improvement in those varieties that have been grown in this country for years.
Corn is a good example. At one time it was possible to get only one variety of Bantam, were short and the season also. Now there are offered three or four different Bantam types, some extra early, some regular season, some late. Cobs have been lengthened, kernels made bigger. One can enjoy the finest table corn for over a month instead of but a week or two as in the old
She couldn’t let him go like this, without at least seeing him again. She seized upon the only pretext she could think of on the spur of the moment: minute—Tom.
halted inquiringly, “I'll be at the * son macaroni and meat to taste, station to see you off in the morning.”
She lay awake for hours, shaken and confused, trying to sort out her emotions and reactions. She knew that Tom still loved her. lie had betrayed himself when he kissed her. And she knew how it hurt to love someone hopelessly.
There was still something that she could do to right things. B”t it took courage—unselfish coinage. She drew a deep breath.
She'd go down to the station in , the morning and tell Tom she'd marry him. Marry him the next time he was home on furlough, or go to his camp some week-end and marry him there . . . and then wait fvi
The Nazi Minister of Munitions, Prof. Albert Speer, is reported to have called an urgent conference of 140 of Germany's leading economic experts to discuss means of matching the flood of war materials being turned out by United Nations arsenals.
Reliable reports from Germany declare that production has been dropping gradually since a peak was hit last May and that in the last two months the decline has been accelerated.
The inefficiency of foreign labor is said to have been especially disappointing to the Nazis.
| This combined with heavy German losses at the fighting fronts, has forced Hitler to declare “total mobilization” and to strike a careful balance between the urgent needs of the army and war industry.
Keeping the wheels moving with untrained per-en ally women, is the Nazis’ main problem. Forty thousand workers’ training schools have been established and Speer has a pealed for the good will of both workers and employers.
Hitler, however, is not handling the situation with kid gloves. He went out of his way in a recent address to warn of death to "saboteurs.” Broadly, this means that every obstructionist is subject to execution.
Stir
Sea-
Wait a And when he
it
t «
Make a layer of half the macaroni in bottom of a shallow, greased baking dish; then add a layer of meat and finish with the rest of the macaroni for the top layer. Cover with buttered bread crumbs. Bake in moderate oven until crumbs are brown. Makes 4 good servings. Cost is almost insignificant.
Spaghetti-Chicken Chop Suey
Here's u United Nations' dish that warrants popular acceptance in war or in pence: lb. spaghetti
1	cup	mushrooms, chopped
1	cup	cooked chicken, minced
1 Bermuda onion, minced 1	cup	celery, finely shredded
1	cup	chicken stock or liquid
s quarts of Drain, but Keep spug-the surplus
>ck, shredded on, chopped cooked ixture - hot
< ,’obs
*
*
$
It wasn’t until she came home from work that night that the real impact of her alone ness hit her. The house wasn’t home at all without welcoming lights in the Jiving room, and of supper cooking in the kitchen. She felt like a castawa on a desert island.
Forlornly s her own me
M<
1 l
1 at her red She was trying to be gallant, but the thought of Letty and dren going far away filled her with panic, thing terril them.
days.


»avory smell

VI
Lawn grass must go m early as most growth is made when the
weather is still cool
thu
chil-
!
wet-
ground
few days at least, and then
levelled again. It is ntlvi repeat this process several times The top soil should then be raltet fine and on a d
>1 «
After digging, the
should be allowed to settle
• ? ;
j k
i bout
ing
I
Ll v l l
1
nr
! .1
f n
4 U
1,
1 i
until t
boiling salted water.
liquid.
hetti hot. Add to liquid, the chicken st celery, minced oni mushrooms and minced chicken. Cook slowly becomes “creamy.
n*» o'iuirt i pdf. Jit 111
in l
war
• »
disordered rooms of the house to rights. Du she came upon T
was over.
*
; •
? in
.
In

(C
1,
1 Next We
to
save suri
i)
I J
I \
7 A w4
Letty paused, struck by a sud-
picturc.
WONDERFUL SUIT-
DRESS
\ r
T
I ] •
% l
!

iiêl
I

thought ! XV
in
? !
cpt in v
ti



i
the grass sown at a liberal rate once *ci oss This double sow even distribution. For per mai lawns of deep green color and fine texture, high quality seed from a reputable Canadian seed house is vital.


vfnl 1 1 111
V p K V "II
ing. There’
There wj the
vly ’out	ml y Mom shook h "
head. She knew her duty.
“I couldn't do that, i couldn't
leave Enid here alone.”
Enid stopped her. “Nonsense, Mom. I'm old enough to take care of myself. You and Pop are going right along with Letty.” A California winter would be fine for Pop, still frail from his recent illness, and Mom could help Letty get settled in her new home. It would be much better than having her mother here at home, worrying her heart out about them.
Of course, it took a lot more talk and persuation, but that was the way it was finally settled.
ng, c i
« t
and
f
. ;ii
l ill
• >
#
ce in
i

1M
k I ilCI
• 9
% % %
insure»
i
a

uif;
i;
I
spaghetti on platter, niaUtig a nest in centre into which i* poured the hot meat-vegetable mixture. Season all with salt and pepper, and sprinkle with Soy Sauce, Makes 4 generous servings. Cooked veal or other left-over meats may be substituted for the chicken if desired.
she
i i
V llv
&
r

& in
n I
d hai
l the
old days with Mom and Pop here, at home, Letty and the children where she could see them whenever she chose, and Tom coming every night to take her out some place.
vlrUl
fii


=n s
»
W
/A
//

Thrifty Scots
•A

: J

s
Thritfty Scots have contributed £350,000,000	($1.475.000,000) to
Britain's War Savings campaign during the last three years.
As if her wayward thoughts had the magic power of conjuring him in the flesh, she answered the unexpected ring of the doorbell, and there was Tom. bigger and broader-shouldered than ever in uniform, grinning at her.
" she gasped, and that was all she could manage for a breathless moment. She motioned him in.

Noodle-Egg Pie#
Here’s a meat-saver that is long on flavor and nourishment, but short on cost:
2 heaping cups boiled egg noodles
6 eggs
Cream, butter, salt and pepper Boil egg noodles in a small quantity of water so that when done all liquid will be absorbed. Grease large muffin pans and fill the cups with egg noodles; form , into a nest with noodles extending above the rim. Into each nest break an egg. Place on egg a tablespoon of cream, a dab of butter, salt and pepper to taste. Bake in hot oven, (400 degrees) until eggs arc set.

GARDEN
NOTES

By Gordon L. Smith






“Tom
.	<9
WR


r-
Real


4SP1*D“
There wasn’t any magic in his appearing, after nil. He was home on furlough, there was a dance being given for the sold ers at the armory, and he wanted her to go with him. He’d tried to call the house that afternoon but no one had answered, he added. -“No one’s her E ed to him.
Food is just as important as bullets in this war, and for that reason gardening may almost be classed as an essential industry this year. Seeds are not going to be plentiful because formerly Canada dope ided to a large extent on Europe for supplies and these, of course, are cut off. Principal sources now are from those limited sections of Canada where garden seeds are grown and from the United States. In both areas the weather was very unfavorable last season due to the fact that there was too much rain at harvest time.
Canadian seedsmen, however, have been able to secure supplies sufficient for normal needs if these are used carefully. There PI	1H will not be the wide range of
| The information in letters J varieties usually obtainable, but I found on the German dead, inti- | in standard lines it is expected mate and personal as it is, leads that there will be enough to go to some striking deductions, writes around. Gardeners, however, are Maurice Hindus in The American advised to order seeds early and Magazine. The people inside Ger- ( to avoid any waste, many hate the war and want it to end. They are tired of hardships, sick of sacrifice. They lament the moral disintegration of their young women; they shudder at air raids; they weep over their dead. But nowhere do they betray the least suggestion of German guilt or regret for horrors which the German armies perpetrate.
Hard as is their life, they know neither starvation tion. Nor do they expect Germany to lose the war. To expect them at this time to revolt against Hitler is as futile and puerile as to expect the Fuehrer to live up to his promises or treaties.
Diaries of the German dead, particularly Nazi officers, support these conclusions. The Russians have gathered thousands of these.

f
I

A
* 4

f ri /¦'¦(
i it	1
m
Jjarqain
Less titan
M

u
;
'mil:
I
i
r //
i
plain-
“The family left for California today.” She told him about Phil’s new job.
4‘That’s swell,” Tom said when she had finished. "But say —• pretty lonesome for you, isn’t it?”
;.i
NIm < hamber* welvume* pvr*«m:il
letter* from lnlrrv*tv«| rentier*. *he I* pleanetl to revel t e *UKHe*llon* on topic* for her column, nnd I* ninny* ready to Ilmen to jour "pet peeve*." Itequent* % for recipe* or epeclnl menu* are in order. Adder*» letter* to "Ml** Sndlc II. hamhers, 7:1 Went Adelaide StH Toronto." Send ntmmped melf-nd-drenwed envelope If jou nUb n reply.

i
l<r a tablet
Mm
i
0L
?
y
%
w
X
if
It had been, five minutes before. Now suddenly the world locked brighter. Enid laughed, and reverted to the earlier question. “About the dance, Tom, I'd like to go. That is if you don’t mind waiting while I dress.”
She made him comfortable with cigarettes and the evening paper and dashed upstairs to get ready.
Get Aspirin't wonderful fosi-octiug relief from headache*, neuriflc pains, neuralgia, in Canadian drug» gists' bargain of
tt
Feelings of German People About War
2074
100 tablets for 98X
»
m
w
Here’s a bargain in a really fast way to ease headaches, ncuritic pain, neuralgia, and painful symptoms of colds, that thousands recommend ... Aspirin now priced for less than one cent a tablet. Yes, real Aspirin, one of the fastest reliefs from i*am ever known , . . now only 9*< for 100 tablets t
Hurry. Get Aspirin—in the special economy bottle—at your druggist's today. Hours of welcome relief may thus coat but a few pennies, so anyone can afford it.
WARNING I le sere It’s **pkl*
Perfect for Under-coat
Wear
By Louisa Lennox
Nowadays, when your suit is doubling for a dress, it tends to take on a softer style, a younger look. This one definitely has the dressmaker air, and it’s just as easy as a dress to make, and just aa flattering to wear. You’ll like the way the pleats are placed ; they lend it distinction, and add not an inch to your girth. For that well-groomed lock, you couldn’t do better than choose this smart suit-dress. It will serve you now with your coat, and later as a suit.
Style No. 2074 is designed for sizes 12, 14, 16, 18, 20, 36, 38, 40, 42, 44, 46 and 48. Size 36 requires 2% yards 64-inch fabric.
Send twenty cents for pattern to Room 421, 73 Adelaide St. West, Toronto, Write your name, address and style number. Be sure to state size you wish. *

X

*
*
F
The dance was in the loft of the old National Guard Armory. An attempt had been made to brighten the dingy hall by looping colored strips of crepe paper from the rafters to the walls, and ing the electric light bulbs with shades. The softened light flattered Enid in the coral organdy dance frock that had been one of her vacation purchases, and that until tonight she’d had no opportunity to wear. Tom looked at her appreciatively.
It was with evident pride that he piloted her over to a tall, lanky soldier with a pretty blackeyed girl hanging on his arm.
"Enid, I want you to meet my buddy at camp, Bud Armstrong, and his sister, Daisy.”
In five minutes Enid knew that Daisy Armstrong was in love with Tom. Well, she reminded herself,
«MM f » •

*
SflPP
In vegetables especially, beginners are urged to follow planting directions carefully, and to as thinly as possible. It is also important that the garden soil be well prepared, and at least a portion of the garden planted early. To get maximum results one should spread plantings over eral weeks. This will assure : protection against early frost and will also give a large total yield of vegetables.
Those gardeners with
4


• • •
fj
sow
1À/AR-TIME has depleted the tin YV supply—so gloss replaces It.
The delicious flavour and fine quality remain the same as ever deserving your choice and preference.
cover-
a I ways
# e e
eev-
more
CROWN BRAND
SYRUP
r despera-

small areas of land at their disposal are also urged to concentrate on those vegetables like beans, caTrots, beets, spinach, etc., which give the largest passible yields for the space eeeupi* Things like corn, potatoes, squash, etc., take up far more room, and
Aspirin is made in Canada and is the
Tk* CANADA STARCH COMPANY Limit*
NB-2
1» the fori
m
f» (•*
anyone tell
I
ISSUE No. 12—43

H
;• v Eat!

###PAGE###3###
4-
“Cracker Barrel” Farmers Warned
THIS WAS THEIR HOME
| RADIO REPORTER
|350,000 during the last 6 years.
Of interest to the ladies. Two women who know about the practical side of stepping up the food supplies of Can. ada will take part in Beth Jock-crbia’s program, “Women on the Job,” Friday afternoon, March 10, at 4,18 over the CBC network. They are a farmer’s wife from Manitoba and a 10-year-old gill who learned to take the place of the farmer’s sons when they went off to serve in Canadas armed forces.
We hear a lot of complimentary remarks these days around the Ontai io countryside regarding the story series currently oeing presented over the Columbia system, including CFRB, Toronto, Monday through Fridays at 6
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
By
REX FROST
4
:
If you enjoy a novelty program, something a little different from the ordinary run of radio presentations, tune in Ross Millard's new “Hobby Show,” heard every Thursday evening, 10 o’clock over C.F.R.B., Toronto. It has a distinctly original flavor. Recently it has featured an ss-
r ####%
musical boxes which were vogue in grandmother's day. Included in recent programs have been antiquated musical powder boxes, musical steins, as well as the larger more orthodox yet ornate instruments. The music hexes have been loaned by many owners for the purposes of assisting in this unique musical program Due acknowledgement is made of the courtesies so extended. Any readers of this column who might happen to have unusual music boxes, particularly those with a history behind them, are invited to loan them to Ross Millard for inclusion in this new Hobby program. Write him
' in care of CFRB, Toronto, giving full particulars. It would be fun, don’t you think, to hear your musical box played over the air?
From time to time you hear many people arguing that the most popular radio programs heard over Canadian stations originate from one or other of the big networks of the United States. There’s penty of evidence, however, to show that many Canadian programs have what it takes to make country-wide Canadian appeal. “Treasure Trail” is an example. Believe it or not, 13 million letters have been written to "Treasure Trail” in the four years and nine months it has been on the air. If you still question whether Canadians listen to programs originating from within the Dominion and are still willing to write letters ask the Postmaster General of Canada — it is etfi-mated that one Canadian radio program alone brought a revenue tc the post office department of
Grandpa's Methods Not Good Enough For Present Time
something
4
March 28 APPEARANCES
THE RESURRECTION John 20:18—21:25 PRINTED TEXT John 20:19-31 GOLDEN TEXT—I am alive for evermpre.—Revelation 1:18.
Merpory Verse: Thou Jehovah, liant made me glad. Psalm 92:4. THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time—The Ural appearance to the Assembled disciples was on Raster night, April 9. A.I). 30. The second appearance was the following tiret day of the week. April 16. The appearance to the disciples at the Sea of Galilee was sometime later in the month of April.
Place—The two appearances to the assembled disciples were iu an upper room lu Jerusalem, possibly the room in which the Lord's Supper was instituted The appearance to the disciples engaged In fishing was, of course, on the flea of Galilee in Northern Palestine.
Professor O I. Christie of the Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph, was very outspoken the other evening to the members of the Rural Municipalities convention in Toronto, when he told farmers to 'get off the cracker barrels at the village store," and said that grandfather's methds of farming are not good enough for 1943 production. He particularly addressed his remarks to hog raisers, dairymen and potato growers, and told them to avoid these "lengthy, worthless chats they were used to In peacetime.” Although Professor .Christie mentioned three classes of farmers, his remarks no doubt are capable of general application. He particularly cited loss of young pigs, which are so much needed today, through inefficiency, says The 8L Thomas Times Journal.
AFTER
THE
the old-fashioned
>
the

gt
0



&
?

t-M
p.n..
Madeleine Carroll, th ; Manchester, Kngland-bom stage, screen and radio actress, who has earned fame on two continents, apparently is adding to her laurels by her delightfully rendered interpretations from current literature, simply styled "Madeleine Carroll Reads.”



#
#
#
/
A great many farmers have been educated at the Ontario Agricultural College, and these are among the best producers In the country. Knowing the value of a scientific training, they send their sons there, and steadily the province is developing a race of highly skilled and intelligent farmers.
There are many farmers, however, chiefly those who through no fault of their own, probably lacking the means or the time, are prone to regard the scientific farmer with a certain degree of contempt. In fact, they look down upon these "white collar” farmers, as they call them, and regard them as "arm chair” men who don’t like getting their hands dirty. They think there is no school like experience; but the trouble is they simply follow the methods grandpa did when he cleared the ground, except to add some machinery to lighten the load.
CFRB has just instituted a new series of programs, "Ansering You,” Friday nights at 9 o’clock. In it you meet a new personality, Mr. P. R. or in other words, the Personal
Christ Appears
"When therefore It was evening, on that day, the first day of the
week, and when the doors were shut where the disciples were, for fear of the Jews, Jesus came and stood tn the midst, and saith unto them, "Peace be unto you.” When our Lord appeared with His "Peace be uuto you,” He restored peace, because He restored the sense of pardon for past sin and of reconciliation with God. Without this there can be no true peace for the soul of man.
Relations
Director, whose job it is to answer inquiries and criticisms and to acknowledge the compliments which come daily to a busy radio station. If you are interested in a glimpse of what goes on behind the microphone, how programs are designed and why, in fact, what "makes the wheels go round” in a radio station, make a point of tuning in this new series.
o grieving women look over the ruins of a Berber house in Casablanca after a raid by German bombers on December 81. The attack took a heavy toll of lives because native houses are of light construction.
1 h
2,000,000 Plans
In Plane Plant
Purpose of John's Gospel
"Many other signs therefore did Jesus In the presence of the disciples, which are not written in this book: but these are written, that ye may believe that Jesus Is the Christ, the Son of God; and that believing ye may have life in his name.”
It was not John's purpose to write a complete "Life of Christ”; it was not hie purpose to write a "Life” at all. Rather he would narrate just those facts respecting Jesus which would produce a saving faith in Him as the Messiah and the Son of God.
Over a quarter of a million of square feet of drawings were set up and printed in one month alone In the draughting office of the De Havilland Aircraft, Toronto, on the "Mosquito” bomber-fighter. They have to be constantly adjusted to conform to parts and instrument. Altogether there are a couple of million blueprints on file, in a department numbering 60 men and 25 women, including many famous cultural figures at the drawing boards, artiste, architects and civil engineers, also champion glider pilots, one of Canada’s best etchers, musicians, famous yachtsmen and skiers.
Peace Be Unto You
"And when he had said this, he showed uuto them his hands and his side. The disciples therefore were glad, when they saw the Lord." Christ showed them His hands and side to convince them He was the very same Person who had been crucified, having the same body; as the words just uttered would assure them,
His heart was still the same to them.
"Jesus therefore said to them again, Peace be unto you: as the Father hath sent me, even so send ! you. And when he had said this, he breathed on them, and salth
unto them, Receive ye the Holy Spirit: whose soever sins ye forgive, they are forgiven unto them; whose soefer sins ye retain, they are retained." Breathing is the most manifest token of life; so
that in breathing on the disciples our l>ord was giving them to share His own life—the life of Cod. He was eo possessed with the Spirit that the very breath of His body
communicating
1“
EACH SUNDAY AT 2 P.M.
CFRB—860 on your dial
LISTEN TO
COUNTRY NEWS”
1
#
Farming is a highly scientific Industry. That fact does not seem to enter the minds of some farmers. Soil and the raising of crops, a thorough understanding of livestock of all kinds, of dairy work, of handling machinery, of storing and feednig. of knowing what to do at the right time and how, and many other things are all subjects in which the producers ought to know as much as they can. In the light of modern experiment and research.
To become a skilled craftsman, a boy has to spend several years with experienced, trained men before he can be called competent and get good wages. But any man can get a piece of land, shove seeds in the ground and buy some horses, cattle and pigs and call himself a farmer. And when his •tuff does not bring the prices he thinks it should, he blames the government.
OUR RADIO LOG
One-fifth of the people of Holland earn their living on the land, mostly on small farms of less than 60 acres.
UK At
CKUlt w
CKOO ¦
(KGB Tim rni n
CKSO ¦
CK PC Bru CKLW
TORONTO
ÇFRB CKCL
M
730k 1490k 1310k 1470k 790k 1380 k 800k
STATIONS
860k. CEL 740k 580k. CBY 1010k
SHORT WAV 13
<• i
USB England 9.51m
CSC England 9.58m
GSD England 11.75m
GSE England 11.16m
GSG England 17.79m
GSP England 15.81m
EAR Spain 9.48m
RAN Russia 9.60m
RNE Russia 12.00m
PRF5 Brazil 95.00m
VVQEA Schenectady
15.33m
W CAB Phils. 15.27m
WCBX N. York 11.83m \V KUL Boston 15.15m
>U
Oltau
t'.S. NETWORKS
WEAK, N.B.C, Red 660k WJZ, K.U.C. Blue 770k WABC (CBS.) 880 k WOR (MBS.) 710k
CANADIAN STATIONS
CFOS Owen Sd. 1400k CKOC Hamilton 1150k CHML Hamilton 900k CKTB Ht. Cath. 1550k
crcF
CFCH
bu#H>u
ill
Windsor
CKNX Whip huit
< 'HEX Peterl. ,r
!'20k
130k
C.S. STATIONS WEEK Buffuli 1 134 0k WHAM Rochest-.- U30k WLW Cincinnati 700k WGY 8chenectati> 810k KDKA Pittsburgh MJ20IV WBBM WBEN WOR
WKBW Buffalo 1520k WJR Detroit 760k
GIRL ATHLETE
Montreal 660k North Bay 1230k CJCS Stratford ' 1240k CKWS Kingston 960k CFCO Chatham 630k CFPL London 1570k
Chicago
Buffalo
Buffalo
780k
980 k 550k
HORIZONTAL
1,6 Expert U. S.
tennis player.
11	Cetacean.
12	Good-by,
13	Jargons.
14	Ceremonial treatise.
16	Hour (abbr.),
17	Measure of
type.
18	Chum.
20 Sense of touch.
23 To handle
roughly.	<7 Female sheep.
25 Lying in heap. « coral Island. 29 Spruce.
31	Shoe.
32	To shut in.
33	Valley.
34	Deity of war.
35	Relaxes.	56 Mud.
37	French coin.
38	Kilns.
40	Fish.
41	Animal.
43 To sleep.
45 To whip.
II [z 13 1
Answer to Previous Puzzle
15 She is no longer listed among the
----or non-
ptofessiQnals.
18	Cougars.
19	High mountain
20	Anglo-Saxon
irPA,L i
sÜMicn
V
waa spiritual
Thomas Voices His Doubts "But Thomas, one of the twelve, called Didymus, was not with them when Jeans came. The other disciples therefore salth unto him, We have seen the Lord. But he said unto them, Except I shall see in lito hands the print of the nails, and put my finger into the print of the nails, and put my hand into his side, I will not belle* e." Why Thomas was not with the disciples we do not know but he was of a morose disposition and probably wanted to be alone with his grief. It should be carefully noted that the disciples did not part from Thomas—they were gracious and tender to him, telling him what they had seen and heard. Thomas wanted to believe but he needed overwhelming proof of the reality of Christ’s resurrection.
By William Ferguson
THIS CURIOUS WORLD
G
I
I ¦IINIKMPII IE T
BWMB!, BSEBES !$¦¦¦ tiWBi OK SB fdBBIDWS RSI !=M1H EBHB .Hi
Iff BIBBS	BMW
pMJMMli (¦KWH MBUlff
B[=BO Ü0B1B1 meiejwcais o ¦ ni5iihirjnr=
army.
21	Finale.
22	Shortest.
24	Aroma.
25	Fowl.
26	To exacerbate.
27	In bed.
28	Wainscoted.
.30 Bitter herb.
35	To employ.
36	Call for help, 39 Tendency.

' " «
»» »
Si
w

4 ^
îï
THE BOOK SHELF
/
9
• • ••
VERTICAL
2	Fibber.
3	Small hotel.
4	Citizen.
5	Artist’s frame. 42 Finger digit.
6	Dull finish.
7	Saying.
8	Weight.

BLACK-OUT IN CRETLEY By J. B. Priestly
Large-boned, dark, long-faced, and inclined to be sour; intelligent rather than subtle ; the sort who’d prefer a broad-axe to a rapier any day—Humphrey Ney-land, Canadian, Was definitely not the kind of man you would expect to find working for the British counter-espionage. But although he was by no means infallible, he was, as his Chief told him, both impudent and lucky.
Certainly both impudence and luck in large quantities were called for on the Gretley job. Sent down to discover who wee collecting and distributing the valuable information that was streaming out of there, and to stop the leak, he quickly tangled with as dangerous a collection of homegrown and imported Nazis you'd care to meet in a blackout.
' Calling on brains, brawn, luck and impudence, he dodged and twisted and bluffed, laid artful traps for the unwary, laughed and fought his way out of a number of tight corners; lost perhaps more tricks than he took but won the last in a fine blaze of action and quick-thinking.
Black-out in Gretley . • • by J. B. Priestly . . The MacMillan Company of Canada . . . Price $2.25.
ML
'//
51 Indian.
84 To sanction.,
Si Civet type beast.
0

44 Starch.
46	Singing voice,
47	Sour plum,
48	Damp.
50 Onward*
52	Sesame.
53	•Before.
54	Yellow bird. 57 Electric term.
«V

*
# #
68 She is the 1940 9 Wager.
¦ singles	10 Enticement
/ champion.	13 She first
59 She Is also the U. S.------ten-
nis champion.
OLDER. PARENTS ARE MORE LIKELY TO HAVE TWINS' THAN ARE YOUNGER PARENTS.

became national in 1936.
6
10

9
Thomas Believes
"And after eight days again his disciples were within, and Thomas was wit-li them. Jesus cometfti, the doom being shut, and stood in the midst, and sgid, Peace be unto you. 27. Then saith he to Thomas, Reach hither thy finger, and see my hands; and reach httlier thy hand, and put it into my side.” The narrative implies that our Lord supernaturally knew not only of the doubt In Thomas’ heart, but the words which he had previously spoken to the disciples in demanding physical proof of Christ’s resurrection. "And be
not faithless, but believing. Thomas answered and said unto
Thomas recognized but he knew also that his Lord was more than man. The discipline of self questioning, followed by the revelation of tender compassion and divine knowledge, enabled Thomas to rise to the loftiest view of the Lord given In the Gospels. ,
/
If
12

j
A LARGE
DP460NFty
13
f4



m
HAS EYES AS 01+
16

/HOCtX»/

I
I
z\
20
2Z
TA

23
24
25
26
27
Zf
ZB
5S
30
Stl.
31
32
33
% %•

>Y.:

&S
34
36

*
IF YOU MULTIPLY THE NUMBER. OF KITTENS THAT LOST THEIR. MITTENS BY THE NUMBER.OF BLACKBIRDS BAKED IN A PIE, WHAT WILL BE O THE CORRECT ANSWER, f

SWi
36
99
40
%•
• •
44
45
46
47
48
My Lord and my God.”
49
30
55
51	52
6-11
ANSWER; three little kittens , . . four and 20 blackbirds answer, 72.
54
55
56
57
t t
58
2
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—An Old Hand at the Job
Faith In the Unseen
"Jesus saith unto them, Because thou hast seen me, thou hast believed : blessed are they that have not seen, and yet have believed.” Thomas himself ought to have believed in the testimony of the rest, confirmed by all he had known and experienced of Christ In past
days. No man is without intelligent grounds for his belief. Faith U the opposite of sight because it asserts what is not seen ; the opposite of reason in this sense, that It compels belief In an object jvhlch reason alone cannot appre-h 8iufr R fi f f a ÎTÜ1 1 h fï è" irswsfr baa its own proofs which satisfy the believing mind and heart that there is an unseen and eternal.
ANY STRIP CARTOONISTS WERE
CUT THIS TRIPE UP INTO
CONVENIENT
LENGTHS!
>

/
s>i
?

V



V-.




«Md by
( R
t Bell 3) udirai*. lac

###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY

Everybody can help The Red Cross
The Red Cross needs everybody's help
Shaw ville, March Ï5th l94:î


Early Seeding of Vegetables
HOW TO FILL OUT YOUR APPLICATION
FOR CANNING SUGAR

Have your “work" wardrobe complete for the milder days
ahead
|| Men’s good quality work pants in twills, whipcords, heavy cuttouades, In-own, grey and bllltj
-f
Tb*re are many reasons why early seeding should l>v done; included in this i.s the esv.tjie of insects nf certain type*.
By early heeding. the quick1)' w ill he ready for before the insect pest trouble* nue, Radish is a goo<l example of lhis.
A few of the common crops tbut are
Ih* handled in as lettuce, mouth peas
>

9',
il crowi
ud
This year housewives must estimate in advance the amount of sugar required for canning and jam-making, so that arrangements may be made to provide and distribute the necessary supplies. Applications must be sent in to your Local Ration Hoard by April 1.3th. I sc the application in your new Ration Rook for this purpose.
Canning sugar will he allowed for all fresh fruits, including citron and wild fruits. Marrow, tomatoes and pumpkins arc considered ns vegetables and no canning sugar will be allowed for them.
\
V
1

considered important t this way include such cm; radi>h, curly edive. unions,

$2 95

Lettuce, spnach, smooth pea* and iv sown as soon ns the soil i> to rake, in tact while then
i thawing «now
it two
— HOW*TO FIGURE OUT THE AMOUNT OF SUGAR NEEDED . —
i
1
I
i
Medium weight cardigan sweater —just the tiling for under a
$2.50 to $2.95
CANNING
JAM or JELLY MAKING
i
ill \
m
patchVh
at intervals ut a
Allow 12 Ib. <>/ sugar for cor h quart sealer.
Estimate the TOTAL number of quart sealers you plan to put uj> —then use the quick, practical method of allowing Vi lb. of sugar for each quart sealer. 1 hw't try and decide exactly the number of each kind of fruit you plan to put up. Some fruits may 1h' more plentiful than others. Base your estimates on the number of scalers you have on hand, what you put up last year, or what you think your needs will be this year.
Allow 1\ 2 lbs, of nugor for each quart of jam or jelly.
Most people use jars of various shapes and sizes. Take a mini-1er of the jars you usually use and see how many cupfuls of water they hold. Four (f) cups make a quart. In this way you will lie able to estimate the number of (plants of jam or jelly your jars will hold. Then allow 1 Vi lbs. of sugar j>er quart for your requirements. For example, for 8 quarts of jam or jelly, you will require R lbs. of sugar.
Estimate* based on these method* are within the entitling sugar ration, and the amounts art» satisfactory for wartime entitling and jam ami jelly making, as proven by test in the Dominion Department of Agriculture experimental kitchen*.
i

SlIKOcl
I l
!
I

i
m ule for two, three or four sowings i ’at Ivy endive is an imp i tint i» iii-t used nearly as in should be and is hand it’d the
! j - edit g insure the formation of firm, well dive loped heads.
Onions require a moist, cool s il in which to establish their roots prior to the arrival of the hot. dry summer days and the root maggots. Early planting of onion sets is just is important as the early seed sowing. When the sc il is dry enough to harrow or rake over, it is time to sow the seed and plant the sets.
The following spinach varieties have been found very satisfactory. Long Standing, Bloomsdale, a very attractive crinkled type and Nobel or Giant Nobel a broad smooth thick leaf type.
Smooth or dimpled seeded Alaska or Surprise peas can be sown very early, in fact, just when the soil can be harrowed or raked. A second seeding i f the same type of peas may be made two weeks later, after which the better types of wrinkled vanities. Little Marvel, Laxtun Progress, Thomas Lax ton and Tall Telescope may bv sown.
To succeed with these crops, < btain good clean seed and as a precautionary measure against fungus diseases apply one of the prescribed met vary com pound dusts as a disinfectant before the seed is sow n. Early seeding combined with good cultural practice* will insure satisfactory returns
I

I

\\ A ‘ >i>ecia! bin" in work socks union quality, good weight, heather shade....................	29 cents
«3Küis>
'5
U
I
let
tant t
l
i

!
Men’s long eu fl' work gloves, horsvliide and kangaroo $1.75
lour completed application muni be Ment to your Lmal Ration Hoard by
Agent for Renfrew Dry Cleaners
IMPORTANT NOTE
£tîuùj~thu
e/tantpyi

#

The Dominion Department of Agriculture recommend» canning fruit in preference to making jam or jelly liecause:
More fruit can l>c put up with less sugar and at less cost.
Canned fruit retains more of the vitamin value of the fresh fruit.
-	j / r~yJ/rK'&/q//ii>Hf on if
w/Aerdas/ienj # men and A„/v
FraserS

«vçÇ
\C*

I|l
;
WHEN AND HOW CANNING SUGAR WILL BE MADE AVAILABLE


>liJ

*0
N.f*.Horner’s old stand SHAW VILLE, QUE
When your Local Ration Board has reviewed your application you will Ik* provided. sometime before June 1st, with special canning sugar coupons. These coupons will entitle you to buy sugar, at any grocery store, at specified intervals. You do not have to buy all your sugar at once.

!ï
Mrs. Jones luis decided that her canning programme will lie 40 quarts of fruit of different kinds. She allows one-half pound of sugar fur eac h quart, and therefore will need <0 pounds of sugar for vanning.
She decides that she will put up ü quarts of jam and jelly. She allows IV.» pounds of sugar lor each quart of jam, and therefore will need V juunds of sugar for jam and jelly making.
She adds the two amounts of sugar together (20 -f ») and writes the total (i9 pounds) on her application, together with the number of persons she intends to feed in her own household. To her own fully completed application form she at ladies the application forms of the other persons in her household she is planning to feed. Only the individual serial numbers need l>e given on these accompanying application forms.
COMPLETE AND SEND IN YOUR APPLICATION BEF0RE,APRIL 15
120,000 Men Will Be Given Re-examination
C'.omplete jour application form as shown in the illustration anil mail it to your Local Ration Board not later than April 15th. Attach the application forms from the ration hooks of the other person» yon will he feeding in your household. Do not write anything hut the serial numbers of the owne copy
front of their ration hook* on to their application forms anil pin them to your own fully completed application.
For Beautiful
Cemetery Memorials
Arthur MacXamur. Director of National Selective Service, stated Monday that the Medical Revision Boards, under the jurisdiction of the Army, are at present reexamining a number ot men subject to the military call-up. previously placed in medical categories below those usually acceptable for army purposes.
About 30,000 men have been re-examined up to the present time, and it is anticipated that in the next few months 120,000additional men will be given this special re-examination. Mi MacXamara explained that the first medical examination after a man is notified by his Mobilization Board, is regarded as a “screening*, and that a further examination becomes necessary in view of the large number of borderline cases which develop. It is not always possible in the preliminary examination to determine with finality what a man’s category may be.
It is not intended to call out at this time for further medical examination, men engaged in agriculture, unless it ; lus been established to the satisfaction of the Mobilization Board that the indi-vidua! is not essential to the agricultural industry.	I
After men have been re-examined by the Revision Boards, they will be de tit with under the military call-up on the basis of the new category assigned to
them.
Officers of the Department of Labor state that the Mobilization Boards’ notify each individual man when to report for medical re-examination.
Further, warrants f<*r transportation S&VO Island Mere Speck
:	1" Long Solomon. Ch.in
allowed for each meal and $1.50 per Savo island, near which three night’s lodging. "It is not necessary ! American heavy cruisers were for any man', said Mr. MacXamara, sunk, is a mere speck in the 900* who has already been medically ex- mile-long Solomons chain.
Like most of the southwest Pacific islands, Savo was made by volcanic
Its craters were active in
r* on these oilier forms. Simply the serial numbers from the
Write or phone
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
In estimating your canning and jam-making requirements, storage space should be carefully considered. Poor storage may cause spoilage ami waste. Canned fruit should lx* kept in
Rememhe
a cool, dry, dark place. Don't use canned fruits on your table when fresh fruits are available. Plan to use your home-vanned fruits in the winter months only.
False Statement* are Subject to the Fall Penalty of the Law
Phone,278
RATION ADMINISTRATION
rJ
THE WAJmME .PRICES jffNE) TRtfD.FBOARD

é
ESTABLISHED 1883
Teachers Wanted
CERTIFIED CHICKS
SHAWVILLE CO-OPERATIVE HATCHERY
I N VALID
Three Protestant q.nlitivd teachers fur South Onslow School.*, duties to commence Sept. 1st per month. Applications to be handed to the undersigned on or l efore April 3rd, 1943.
COACH
GEO. HYNES & SON
Salary $75.00
ORLA YOUNG, Manager
SHAWVILLE, QUE
I
Jos. A. Steele Scc-Treas
Phone 98
All flocks are blood tested and under Quebec Government Inspection
( Standard Method )
Eggs must weigh at least two ounces
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
C^Shawville Oue.

Phone 80
Our chicks are issued from vigorous birds of standard size and selected for egg production.
«mined under the military call-up, to report until he is notified of his re-ex-
His Mobilization Board action
I TIME fop REPAIRS
animation
will give him ample notice when lie is the 16th century when Spanish ex required to report."	plorers visited it, but today a little
warn smoke, steam, and hot water rising from mountainside crevices are the only evidences of activity. The Pulp Wood Cutters Behind in Supply greatest height is about 1,600 feet
¦	¦	HHHHHI above sea
Most pulp wood contractors in North-1 The native population, once ad* western Quebec have failed to fill their dieted to head hunting, is small, contracts this winter and are relying Village construction is of bamboo upon Spring catting to get their quota found in local forests. Although the of log* out of the woods, Louis Touch j island is only about ten miles norther re, forestry engineer with the Quebec west of Guadalcanal, scene of most Department of Lands and F crests >f the Solomons' land fighting, the stated Thursday
“Cutting wood in six to seven feet of Linguists say it may be a lost snow hasn't proven very encouraging ! Melanesian dialect, because ths men have had to dig the i Civilization has been slow to way down the trunks of trees before change the customs of the Savo is-felling them. About three quarters <1 landers. They shave their heads as the cump* are closed but most contiac did their ancestors. Clothing is tors and companies have made arrange limited to a loin cloth, merits with the men to come back Mi Food on Savo is plentiful. In fam-Spring cutting proves possible’, Mi. ily gardens, yams, pineapples, cu-Tonchette explained.	cumbers and pumpkins thrive.
M«>st of the logs already cut ar Bananas and coconuts add to the -awaiting the Spring break-up on th natives’ diet. In the sand along the Mb ores of streams or on the ice on lake» seashore the islanders find a supple-Driving operations are expected t. ment to their menus—birds' eggs as start within a month, Mr. Toucbette j large as a turkey’s, says the Na .thought.	' Itional Geographic society.
BREEDS
During the Winter time to look
months is the over your equipment and have the necessary repairs made. Materials may be difficult to later in the year.

Barred-Plymouth Rock
White Leghorn
Chicks will be available on the following dates +#
: 16, 19, 23. 26. 30	............
2. G. 9. 13, 16, 20, 23 27, 30
4, 7, 11, 14..........................
18, 21, 25, 28.........................
|||I, 4.9 8
2, 6, 9.
For White Leghorns, $1.00 less per 100 than above prices
procure
$14 00 per 100 14 00 13.00
HHB 12 00
25. 29. Il 00
..... 1000
March April : May :
natives speak a different language
We still have in stock a few articles in
le
11. 15. 18, 22
• s
Jane : July :
»«
ENAMELWARE
NOTE—See us at our new location on Centre Street
DALE’S TINSHOP

Il 0. P, Cockerels used in Breeding Pens
Started Chicks for Sale

TINSMITHS an* PLUMB
H6JS
I
44	' .«Z»* "S



###PAGE###5###
*

t*t ÏP«CH e,
Gntdyou cfo td#'
iurim yo+hp*iele+a-i
chacun. j Sepcfatfah.?[
m____
ifeOl
o*

V'

%
?°
Specials from the
r Jr i

Men’s Wear Dept.

i.

I!
«A;

1


T,
*
i


New Spring* Hats
9 '

V
lî
a»
:x '

!
You are certain to find the style, shape and sbadè that is becoming to you in this assort; low crushable crown ; wide flexible
Soft tones
(
f









'4ÆM
a

LU»
ment
brim and narrow and wide band, of grey, tan ncutria and airforce.
)
4
«
¦





»
m
rt IF . "	U	r' . 7 SXL ^
- >
5S r." ;i jfr&g *rii~ \L r	J. 4& *" -
MtA ';»x •-





<
•• 7/'s a Morgan '	$2*50 to $3.95

». P
A'
New Spring1 Footwear
shipment of high quality



<» V
F

Just recived, new black or brown calf oxfords in bal or blutcher
cut, pointed or medium toes, plain or brogue
$2.50 to $6,25
'
w
A /	-’

s


I

I
I

I


¥*1
/

Wi
/
• ^
or#
v
styles


7%
//>
Men’s Rubbers
Men’s rubber boots ‘Kaufman Quality’ $2.50 Heavy leather 12 in. top ‘The Abbitibi 5.95 Heavy tan leather 12 in. top ‘Rimouski’ $5.50 Men's Rainover ‘Spat Paragon’
Men’s plain Rainover ‘Royal
Work Shirts
A large assortment of men's No. I quality and workmanship, $1.00 $1.50
Men’s Work Pants
Made of heavy cottonade, durable garment .........
RË2EÎUIÏ
YOUR DOLLARS
îlCÜf
Of course, you wouldn't operate	This is only one outstanding feature
your separator in the best room of	of the Renfrew Separator. Others
the house. This is just to impress you include the low supply tank, ease o4 with the absolute cleanliness of a operation, close skimming — and Renfrew. No splashing of oil—no	highest quality and performance at
greasy, insanitary, By-attracting mixture of oil and milk, making a mess of both machine and floor. The oil necessary to the operation of a Renfrew goes in at the top and remains ineide until it is time to stand behind him and all the Rea*
frew products he sells.
RANGES # HEATERS # WASH-RITES • TRUCK-SCALES # INCUBATORS
a reasonable price.
You can buy your Renfrew from the man you know—Renfrew's own rep* resentative in your neighborhood. He is responsible to you and we
ifor
War EHort
Recruit for your country’s service those careless, spendthrift dollars and dimes which wander around seeking ways to be squandered. Stop the leaks and wastage of every kind, curb expenditures big and little, salvage and save everything possible —as a part of your contribution to winning the war.
Determined, systematic saving by every citizen is a part of the national price of 'VICTORY.
Extra-ordinary’ saving is necessary — buy Victory Bonds and War Savings Certificates, pay taxes and contribute to war-time charities.
A savings account is a recruiting station for ;our dollars and dimes. Bring them into your country's Service—at any one of cur hundreds of branches.
change it
work shirts
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED RENFREW ONT.
ST.JOHNS P.Q.
REGINA SASH.
SUSSEX N.B.
» strong and
$1.75 to $2.50
LEO R. KEON
DISTRICT R E P R ES EX TA T1Y E
e
McKee - Quebec
H
Women’s and Children’s Footwear
You will step to the front of the Spring fashion parade in these suede or smooth leather shoes. Complete size range in high and Cuban heels............... $2 60 to $3,25

5

i
*
*
i
SAW LOGS WANTED
'
'
F
fl
%
/
/
9
'
<
Women’s Misses and Children’s Rainettes, complete size range at present $1.25 to $1.45
“The
Chippewa 3 to 8........... $1.50 to $1.65
Children’s Gum Rubbers, 6 to 8, 98 to $1.10
'
BANK OF MONTREAL
;%%xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx%%xxxxx*xxxxx
'
*
9
»
/
»
;
"A Bank Where Small Accounts Are Welcome"
f



MODERN, EXPERIENCED BANKING SERVICE
the Outcome of 125 Y ears Successful Operation
Women’s Gum Rubbers, 7 inch top.
'
#

We are in the market for all kinds
of Saw Logs
Cash paid on delivery

• • •


%
î
<V
::
».
»
Shawville Branch: G. A. McDOUGALL, Manager

»
».
»
»
»
».
»
Special market for certain kinds
»
99
A Carload
I
il
»
187
»
»:
»
t
»
'»
>
Of Western Oats sacked, expected to arrive this week, special price off
/
4



Enquire for
*
»


TEACHERS WANTED
f
f.
/
car.
| The Hodgins Lumber Go-
l	t


%

/
tir i
/
*

Applications will be received by the undersigned Secretary Treasurer up to March 13tb, for Protestant qualified Teachers for the Township of Thorne. Salary, $G00, per annum.
Apply to THEO. BRETZAFF,
Ladysmith, Que.
/


/
/

m
V

r

DOESTH
Applications wili be received by the undersigned up to March 16th, 1943, for Teachers for the Rural Schools of Clarendon, Applicants to state qualifications and salary expected.
J. A. DEAN,
Sec-Treas.
Vulcanizing
JOHN McCREDIE MARYLAND

We have just installed two small Vulcanizers and can now repair minor breaks on your tires and large rips in tubes. Let us attend to all your tire troubles.
Seven teachers bolding Elementary or Intermediate Diplomas for the School Municipality of Bristol. Salary $03.00 to $70.00 per month. Apply to
H. I. Smith,
.	Sec-Tieas.
Cemetery Donations
BUCKLEY’S
MIXTURE
COURT ORDER
Dr D. J. Campbell, Treasurer of the
Fund,
village Cemetery Improvement acknowledges with thanks, the follow-
District Magistrate's Court
Three Protestant Teachers, holding Elementary Diplomas, for Schools Noe 1, 2 and 3, of the School Corporation of the Township of Mas ham. Applicants please state salary expected. Duties to commence Sept 1st, 1943,
Apply to ANGUS WALLACE,
Secretary Treasurer, Lascelles, Que.
ing donations:—
Bella and Lois Smiley-----
Arthur Caldwell...........
John R. Corrigan ..........
Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Elliott....
2 00
Canada.
Province of Quebec, District of Pontiac, No. 2366.
Try a new McCormic-Deering Cream
Separator now
It will put DOLLARS in your pocket
• • •
A reliable and effective preparation for the treatment of
5 00
2 00
a oo
• •
2 00
Clifford Horner MM Chris. Caldwell. 5 00
IhüHm	2 oo
Raoul R. Poisson, merchant and butcher, of the Village of Fort Coulonge, district of Pontiac.
• #
COUGHS
COLDS
%
and
BRONCHITIS
• • • •
Mrs. Len Kelly .
Mrs. A. W.Gayler ...	.
J. M. Argue..........
R. A. Hodgine.........
e • • • •
.	3 00
.	5 00
Plaintiff
A qualified Protestant teacher holding an elementary diploma, for Portage du Fort village school. Salary ($70.00) seventy dollars per month, duties to commence September 1st, 1943. Applications will be received until April 1st, 1943.	*
4
• •
• •
VS
2 00
Hudgins Garage
James Shea, formerly of the said Village of Fort Coulonge. district of | Pontiac, and presently away from Cana * da and of unknown part»,
Defendant
The Defendant is ordered to appear within one month.
Campbell’» Ray, March 9th, 1943.
ALPHONSE MARTINEAV < Magistrate’s Court, District of Pontiac.
John R. McDowell, treasurer of tot Maple Grove Cemetery Improvement Fund, acknowledges with think», the following donations*—
Gluts A. Smiley.

Chah. Rrinkworth Sec-Treatt
THE CORNER STORE
Buick, Oldsmobile
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
I
!
Protestant teacher holding Hlimentary Diploma tor Lower Litchfield school,! Applicants to state salary expected. 1 j Applications to be forwarded to the undersigned before March 31st, 1943. » \ GEO. STEWART, Secretary j • Bryson, Que,
i
2 00 2 00 2 CO
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts. SHAWVILLE
» #
-
# * » *
00,
8
Phone Q4

a

2 00
• s


C


###PAGE###6###
RETURN OF THE RUSSIAN
How Can / ? ?

'OFTT' *
By Anne Ashley

%









Q. How van I dry paint quickly?
A. Ozonized turpentine makes the paint with which it is mixed dry quickly. This is turpentine that has been exposed to the air and sunlight.
Q. How can I give a shining appearance to cake icing?
A. If butter is an ingredient in the icing for the cake, ice the cake and then put it in the oven for a few minutes with the door open. The frosting will have a smooth, shiny appearance.
Q. How can I clean steel which has become very rusty?
A. First rub with a cut onion and leave for a day. Then polish it with paraffin or turpentine and brick dust whichever you happen to have on hand.
Q. What can I use as a substitute when wax is not available for a floor that is to be used for dancing?
A. Powdered borax ma># be used, and will prove a good substitute.
Q. How should salad dressing be served?
A. If possible, serve the dressing separately and let the guests help themselves. Not only does the lettuce wilt after the dressing has b?cn on it for any length of time, but people have so many different ideas in regard to salad dressing.



%
I
art




«

:




IT ZX?fS TASTE GOOD Fa PIPE !





t




i
¦s.
GROWN IN SUNNY. SOUTHERN ONTARIO
\




r#C
• » a»
i
Reindeer Meat To Help Out Rations
Gam » and other delights of the gourmet are helping to solve the food problem. One piece of good fortune is the surplus of reindeer I Nunivak Island, off the coast of Alaska. From fewer than 200 animals the herd has increa cd in twenty five years to an estimated 19,000, with browse enough to support only about 10,000 reported to be available.
All buck fawns of the 1943 crop and surplus adults are to be killed and the meat supplied to the armed forces and civilians.
Elk present a similar picture. In United States national parks they are protected. During the present winter, co-operation of state and national agencies, favored by weather and other factors, has made possible a total reduction to 7,230 elk. The meat of the killed animals was conusm-ed by the Indians and residents of Montana.

Even Mother Goose Rhyme Goes ‘Plastic’
' m
t ww.




mp
**
Plastic playing cards now, and plastic hair brushes; the new baby next door sleeps In a plastic bassinet; we shall ride in plastic cars when and if we ride again, and Mother Goose is due for revision.
There was a plastic man,
In a nobby plastic tile.
He found a plastic nickel Beside a plastic stile.
Hi* plastic-loving wife.
She wore a plastic blouse, And they both lived happy In a little plastic house. Plastics are said to date from 1868, when a printer made a billiard	ball	out	of gum	camphor
and cellulose nitrate. It was as good	as ivorp	in every respect
but	one.	In	collision	with another	ball	it	exploded
York Times.
I,

V
»


tv;	'A*
fetch's; .^2%;

r>



%
on

By#
m ï

ma
1 u.y ble;.k ruins remain to greet him as a soldier of the Red Army returns to his home in town retaken from the Nazis. This dramatic picture is from the March of Time's “One Day of War," documentary film of a single day on the many fronts of Russia as filmed by 160 Soviet soldier-photographers.
WHAT SCIENCE IS DOING
lad replied unthinkingly “Yes, sir, very !"
Have Y ou Heard?
The reporter limped in.
“Well," said the news editor, “did you get the interview?"
The reporter pointed t< a pair of black eyes.
“We can’t print a pair of black eyes. Where’s the story?'
The reporter lifted his hat and displayed a huge bump on his head.
“W
talking to for a whole hour at the gate?" asked Mr. Simpson.
“That was Mrs. Smith; she hadn’t time to come in," replied his wife.
t
PARACHUTES OF CLASS
The Calm Courage Of Women At War
New
Army bombers are using parachutes made of woven glass fibres to drop million candle power flares.
The glass chute is blackened with graphite to shield the airmen’s eyes against the glare. This chute has to stand the in tense heat of the million candle power flares and, although the glass fibres are almost ns fine and light as silk, they can stand a temperature that would soften iron.
3,400,000 Murdered
By Huns In Europe
A naval officer had gone down from Portsmouth to London with
an important message to deliver without delay to the captain of a warship, relates the Windsor
Buckwheat
Although many different dialects are spoken in China, the written language is the same in all sections.
The Inter-Allied Committee said recently that, on the basis of persons had been murdered in occupied Europe.
“The figures are mostly German so the extent of the toll of human life and suffering is only partially revealed," the committee said. “Deaths at the hands of Gestapo agents are never revealed and accurate information is difficult to obtain."
The committee said 2,600.000 persons had been executed or had died in Polish concentration camps, and 744,000 had been executed in Yugoslavia.
Other totals include: France, 24,000; Greece, 18,000; Czechoslovakia. 2,463; Netherlands, 2,200; Belgium, 193; Norway, 140 and Luxembourg, 129.
The figures do not include victims of towns such as Lidice, Czecho slovakia and others in Yugoslavia and Greece which were wiped out in reprisal for sabotage or resistance.
“i/ook," he repeated.
“What good is that? We can’t print things like that. Didn't you get the chap to say a few words?"
“Yes," was the reply, “but you can’t print those either!"
He was to be picked up at the quay by a motorboat and taken to the warship.
Coincident with the arrival of
The reason for giving the name buckwheat to the grain from which buckwheat flour is made $• very simple, says the Fort William Times-Journal. The buckwheat grain, while very mrch smaller, is of the same triangllar color as a beech nut and naturally was called bockwheat or beuk-wheat at first. Time works its changes on language hs on everything else and so today this beech-wheat is called buckwheat.
the naval officer at the base came a blitz. As he took shelter in a porch, the naval man heard the familiar put-put-put of a motorboat. Steered and manned by Wrens, the little craft nosed its way to the landing.
Saluting as meticulously though on a parade ground, instead of in a blitz, the Wren in charge reported to the officer. The girls took him out to the warship, waited for him and brought him back right through the worst of the business. The Wrens took the duty in stride, never worrying about bombs or danger.
HOW TO RELIEVE
PILE TORTURE
Man (employed by an Aberdonian); "I have been here ten years, sir, doing three men's work for one man’s money, and now want a raise.’’
Employer:	I canna gie ye
that, but if ye’ll tell me the
Many other uses of fibre glass are secret. But a dozen are listed which are not secret. On the sea coast, fibre glass goods are used in camouflage to stand extreme moisture.
The Navy is using the fibre to coat one side of insulating boards used in warships’ interiors has freed enough aluminum to make 200 four-motored bombers, as the glass replaces an insulating material that had to be sheathed with aluminum.
The signal corps uses field telephone cable made with woven glass, replacing metal and lightening the weight. Ships and planes are using all sorts of cables covered with glass cloth, sometimes pure woven' glass, sometimes mixed or impregnated w ith other materials.
Planes use the glass cloth for insulation against cold. The glass makes warmer Army barracks. The prize exhibit is the tent workshops used in the Arctic, where glass insulation has reduced the bulkiness of the structural materials by 75 to 80 per cent.
QUICKLY AND EASILY
If you ere troubled with Itching pile» or rectal soreness, do not delay treatment and run the risk of letting this condition become chronic. Any Itching or eoreneea or painful passage of etool Is nature • warning and proper_ treatment should be secured at once.
For thle purpose get a of Hem-Bold from any 1	_
and use as directed. Thle formula which is used Internally la a email, easy to take tablet, will quickly relieve the Itching and soreness and eld In healing the more tender spots. Hem-Bold Is pleasant lo use. Is highly recommended and It seems the height of folly for any one to risk a painful and chronic pile condition when such a fine remedy may be had at such a small cost.
If you try Hem Bold and are not entirely pleased with the results, your druggist will gladly return your money.
I
This
package
druggist
HORSEBURGERS ON THE HOOF



%

i'
ffejiiP!

1



Copper, gold, ivory, tin, diamonds and palm oil are all found in quantity in the Belgian Congo.

*

I


CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS

r
i
4
a.

Î
t


i
PERSONAL
FIEL WOOU WANT EU
SI A II V CHICK*
m*
i
MAPLE, BIRCH AND MIXED
or second
growth. Also Millwood. State full particulars and lowest prices. Walter Schiess, 19 Melinda St., Toronto.
ELIJAH COMING BEFORE Christ. Wonderful book sent free. Meglddo Mission. Rochester. New York.
HYBRIDS FOR EXTRA VIGOUR
also
ggsm
First
cordwood.

popular purebred». Complete all ages. Falrvlew Far ma. St. Marys, Ontario.
list





PHOTOGRAPHY
CHICKS

STOPPED
4M a Ji ffy
•or Money dick

Ol KING A CLEANING
WORLD RECORD PRODUCTION
Leg-
3a
DON'T TRUDGE THROUGH
STRAINS — Chicks — large horns, Rocks, Reds, Australorpa, Sussex, Leghorn Rocks Sussex Reds from Banded and blood-tested breeders. Livability guaranteed. MARTIN CHICK FARMS. GALT.
HAVE ÏOU ANYTHING NEEDS dyeing or cleaning? Write to us for information We are answer your questions, meut H. Parker's Dye Works Limited. 19» ï ongs Street, Toronto.
for butcher shops to help relieve wartime meat shot1 tags farm horses in pen at Estherville, la., stockyards.
Headed
are these ex
Ibv Heel. Hale, or Hall
HAVE YOUR SNAPS
lad to spart-
L>
Delivered by Mall
Any i or I exposure film perfectly developed and printed for only Zuc. Supreme quality and fast service guaranteed.
septic, liquid D. D. D. Preemption, t eDeiolee* Soothe» irritation end quirk!» etc
names of the ither twa men I'll sack 'em."
Modern Etiquette
tadttna. SSr trial bottle pmree It, or Mooer dck. Aak your dmrgist today for D.D.D. PRESCRIPTION.
MAM Y CHICK*
FOR SALE
By Roberta Lee
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
GAY WOODS QUALITY	CHIX.
Quality at reasonable	prices.
Free catalogue. Immediate delivery. Produced from blood-tested stock.
Farm. Mount Hamilton
When the threat of invasion was at its height and all signposts had been removed, a motorist stopped a country yokel and enquired of him the way to a certain village.
The yokel, pointing the direction, replied: “That were the way before the war, but 1 b'aint be bellin’ anybody now."
366 ACRES LAND ALONG RIVER, 100 cleared, well timbered, watered, fenced, equipped. built H. Vurruthers. Eau Claire, Ont
1. Which wedding anniversary calls for gifts of crystal ?
ever
Station J. Luronio
HARNESS & COLLARS
our own
Gaywood
60 PHOTO STAMPS OF SWEETheart Mother, anyone, only $1.25. 100 for $2.00. Send 10c (credited), for our literature and samples. Prairie Distributors, Dept WPG, Wminier, Saak.. Canada.
2. Should one
express
GIN A RIFLE SIGHT*
Consult
Farmers Attentionmi your nearest Harness Shop about Staco Harness Supplies. We sell our goods only through your local Staco Leather Goods dealer. The goods are right, and so are our prices. We manufacture in our fac-
toriesH^K .
lars, Sweat Pads, Horse Blankets, and Leather Travelling Goods. Insist on Staco Brand Trade Marked Goods, and you get satisfaction. Made only by:
anger in a letter?
3.	Would it be bad tastt for a man to wear a tuxeuo or dinner jacket to a formal dinner?
4.	What is the correct attira for a woman speaker at an evening affair?
5.	When a girl has been going with a young man for several months, and she knows his birthday, should she give him a gift, if he has never given- her one?
6.	What is the correct way to eat celery?
EGSS AND POULTRY ARE NOT among the rationed goods. They are needed in unlimited supplies —here and overseas. Make your flocks real front liners, every hen a war worker. Don’t wait till the last minute to order what you want of chicks, cock-
Give a second p with quicker deHatchery, 130 John
WEAVER TELESCOPIC SIGHTS
for guns and rifles; all model»; low prices. Wm. Little, Box 852, Ottawa, Ontario.	______
REPRINTS MADE FROM NEG-
I'.nlargemettis
ativee 3c each size 6x7, 16c; 8 x 10 20c. Prompt mail service. Foto Finisher», 423 Jarvis St., Toronto.
HAIRDRESSING SCHOOL
LEARN HAIRDRESSING THE Robertson method. Information on request regarding classes. Robertson's Hairdressing Academy, 187 Avenue Road, Toronto.
erels, capons choice to he! livery. Bray St. N.. Hamilton. Ont.
Harness, Horse Col
At the end of a lesson in general knowledge the teacher asked if any member of the class could tell her what he knew about Lord Wool-ton.
PATENT* A TRADE MARK*
M E A T SHORTAGE Make money with
EUEKTO.N it. CASE, REGISTERED United States, Canadian, British Patent AtVurney. Booklet gratta. Established over forty y ears. S3 Balsam Avenue, Toronto.
CRITICAL continues Tweddle Chicks. The meat situation Is definitely serious. Many retail butchers have closed up shop for want of meat to sell. The outlook is critical. Poultry and eggs have come Into their own. Both bring prices that will leave you worthwhile profits If you get the right kind of chicks and pullets. We have the capacity hatching per week, really
Tweddle catalogue, also turkeys and older pullets. Special prices en day old, two and three week old started cockerels Chick Hatcheries Limited gus. Ontario.
HKKIIAL REMEDY
SKIN TROUBLE
THOUSANDS HAVE BEEN HELPed the Herbal way. Why not you? Write to the Thuna Herbalists, for a free sample of our Thoro-Kleen Herb, 4 36 Queen West, Toronto.
SAMUEL TREES CO., LTD.
WRITE FOR CATALOGUE 42 Wellington St. E., Toronto
He’s the
One boy got up bloke what tells us to eat less of what we ain’t got none of.”
RAIIH1T*
Answer»
1. Thu fifteenth anniversary. 2. Never. A person should develop enough self-control to suppress anger oven verbally, but in a letter it stands as a permanent record, and usually the person who writes such a letter regrets it many, nany times. Yes. Unless he has formal evening, dress he should not attend. 4. A simple evening dress. 5. No. The man should be the first to begin giving gifts. Send him a nice birthday card. 6. Pick it up with the fingers and bite into the stalk.
FOR 5Vc I WI1A. SEND COMPLETE
breeding, housing.
Information clipping, marketing; Angora rabbits. A. E. Klusseii. Box 4, Rosenfeld. Man.
MACHINERY
over 100,000 chicks but the demand Is tremendous. Send for
for
Little Boy: “I met Mr. Jones in the street going to school, and ha said he wanted to see papa about something, and he called papa a walking encyclopedia.”
Mamma: “Indeed! did mv little pet say to Mr. Jones?"
Little Boy: "I called him an old centipede and threw a snowball at him."
CASH PAID FOR ALL SURPLUS machinery. Gilbert C. Storey Machinery Company, 25 St. Albana Street, Toronto, Ontario.__________
THROAT IS PREY TO MANY AILMENTS
It 11 El .VIATIC VAIN*
TRY IT! EVERY SUFFERER OK Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Munro's Drug Store, 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
Tweddle Fer-
MI.IMCAI
Lymoidi* Quick Action Praised by Thousands
And what
EVERY SUFferer from Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Munro's Drug Store 336 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
GOOD RESULTS
HOOKS A NOVELTIES
TURKEY EGG* WANTED
"LYMOIDS are easing to the throat and relieve the hacking coikIi."
So writee a Toronto resident. That testimonial Is supported by other sufferers from throat have found LYMO
MEN! SEND 10c FOR WORLD'S funniest Joke novelty and catalogue or* sundries, books and novelties. Western Distributors, Box 24 FWU Rexlna. Saak.
WANTED — BRONZE TURKEY eggs, highest premiums paid. Write to the Lindsay Electric Hatchery, 33 Melbourne St. West, Lindsay, Ont.
unsolicited thousands of ailments who
quick relief with LYMOIDS.
__________IDS for throat irritation, hoarse-
nese end coughing. Its blend of soothing medici ne 1 oil e should bring quick relief, is*
Most stores sell LYMOIDS fai handy size 10c and 25c boxes If unobtainable .send 10c m stamp» or coin, la LYMOIDS. 119 Pearl Street, Toronto.
OFFER TO INVENTORS
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co., Registered Patent Attorneys, Bank Street, Ottawa. Canada.
COW* FOR SALE
exclaimed
Mom,"
Hey,
the little boy, tugging at hi# mother's hand, "isn't that monkey just like Uncle James?"
TURKEY SADDLES
JERSEY BREEDERS
BEING OVERCROWDED WE have a few purebred registered fully accredited cows for sale, high testers and excellent producers. Look them over and take your own choice. Bokarfarm, R.R. t, Whitby, Ont
273
TURKEY SADDLES, 30 sach, delivered. John W Il Lansdowne Ave., London, Ont
CENTS
Wild.
OATS
HIYI1AI6E _ WHIM'S
?

CAN SUPPLY IN ANY Mabel and Cartier, and No. 1, R. Bruce
OATS quantity.
Registered Ness, Howick, Que
KL GAR SUBSTITUTE
"Hush!” said his mother. “Don't be so rude!"
“Ah; the monkey didn't hear roe, Mom!"
MIDDLE-AGE^
WOMEN (£&)
r*>
YOUR
U
V
SUGAR SUBSTITUTE CAN SB ¦made at home. At about one fifth price of sugar. Information free with purchase of Book. Household Hints. Price only, 91.00; N. Wlllas, Sapton, Manitoba.
MINARD'S

KOOI HALM
PATENTS
BAUMEEKA FOOT BALM destro offensive odor Instantl bottle Ottawa agent Drug Store. Ottawa.
Ill
l
FBTHEUSTONHAUUH * COMPANY Patent Solicitors. Established 1800;	14 Ming West, Toronto.
Booklet of Information on request	______________
enman
HEED THIS AD VI CE 11
If you’re cross, restless, NERVOUS— suffer hot flashes, dizaines»—caused by this period in a woman’s Ilf try Lydia E. Ptnkham’s Vegetable Compound. Made especially lor women. Hundreds of thousandi markably helped. Follow label directions. Made In Canada.
As the mathematics professor working out an example on the blackboard, he noticed that otis of the pupils wasn’t paying any attention. So, he said sharp-
“ Board, Jeffries, board !” Roused from hia day-dream, the
SOLDIERSSur
RUB OUT TIRED ACHE*
TRACTOR PARTS
FI US, HIDES, WOOL
TRACTOR PARTS NEW AND used. Set *41 -Hia-kes or trectorir
Oeneral Auto and Tractor Supply, 13 Frederick SL. Kitchener, OnL
SHIP US YOUR HIDES, FURS Wool, prompt
Goldberg, 180 Front Street, East. Toronto. Government Licensed Wool Grading Station So. 22
MILK CANS RENEWED
«%
:H
Horsehair. Top prices, returns. Pearl man A
RUSTY MILK CANS RETINNED
ir
like new. We also buy old cant Montreal Tinning A Returning Co, Ltd., Montreal.
K
ISSUE No. 12-43

;
###PAGE###7###
• FOOTWEAR MYSTERY
School pupils in a Chicago suburb are operating a shoe exchange, to which parente may bring shoes which their children have outgrown but not worn out, and receive larger ones in trade. Theoretically, it is a fine idea, but parents around here would like to know how even the fastest growing youngster manages to have a scrap of soles and toes left by the time he gets too big for his shoes.
VOICE
HITCH-HIKER OF THE FUTURE
THE WAR! • WEEK
Commentary on Current Events
OF THE
1
Round The Clock Air Raids Mean No Rest For Germany
PRESS
HARD TO UNDERSTAND
It's difficult to understand the attitude of mind of parents who refuse to sign consent forms for their children to undergo physical examinations, particularly tuberculosis tests, in the health program that is being inaugurated jointly by the Board of Education and the Board of Health. Such an attitude suggests that possibly those parents are more urgently in need of examinations than their offspring—mental examinations.
Every day since Feb. 14 has
forces Is a military secret, but front public statements made by various officials some hints can be gleaned. America expects to have an air force of 2,450,000 men armed with at least 21,000 planes by the end of 194.1. American plap* production, according to a report last week from Under Secretary of War Robert Patterson, hit 5.500 in February, a rate that meaiiH 66.000 planes of all types and 42.900 combat planes a year.
stive, since British sources have estimated that America will produce 100,000 plants In 1941 and Britain 35,000.
seen Allied airmen over targets In Germany and German-occupied
territory hour after hour, round the ekx*, commenta the New York Times. The Germans, who initiated large-scale bombing of big cities, were being blasted In the grandest sir assault In history. British experts, who estimate the weight of bombs dropped on Europe during 1942 at 4,000 tons a montli, assert that more than 10,000 tons fell in the same area last month alone.

î


I
Windsor Star
f

HELPING HITLER
Steel workers are back at work but minus the wages they have lost and the men in the armed
the 4,000
r
\

forces will also n tons of steel which would have been made each day the strike was In progress.
é
may be conserv
St. Thomas Times Journal
The Opening Bars Behind this growing fury were
the elgns of a new purpose. There were strong prospecte of an Allied Invasion of Europe In 1943. The very prospect of It reflected the prevailing military opinion that air blows alone would not bring victory. England, despite a ten-month air Blits that shook her to the «ore, rallied and held firm. Before a territory can be won, hi the words of Lieut. Gen. Joseph Stllweit, "a man must be sent to stand on It." But the battering bombers have been giving German war plants, communication centers and submarine bases can disrupt production and soften defenses against the day of Invasion. Last week Captain Harold Balfour, . Parliamentary Under Secretary for War In Britain, called the bombings "the opening bars which will rise to the crescendo of the march on Europe."
Ü
Niagara Falls Review
WÊm
APPLE QUESTION Can you remember not so long ago when people were coaxed to help out the apple Industry of Canada by purchasing end eating apples Î Where ere the good apples today at a reasonable price for the household? brought all the way from California are in much more popular demand than the Canadian apple. Even the Canadian black walnut has gone Into the luxury class at 70 cents for a six-quart basket —St. Catharines Standard

Axle Production
Against this the Axis la estimated to have some 20,000 plane# altogether, of which from 4,000 to 7,600 are German combat planes. The combined production of all the Axis nations Is estimated at 1,200 a month. This figure Is expected to slump by June or earlier because Germany Is taking more and more men from her factories for service on the front lines.
Where Is The Luftwaffe?
Is the Nasi air force abort of odl or gas? asks The Providence Journal. Is It no longer capable of putting up a strong fight? Has It been forced to scatter Its strength, snd thus weaken Itself, because the United Nations are now In a position to hit at Hitler from nearly #11 points on tire compass at the same time? Or can the mystery of Its recent apparent weakness he best explained by the theory that It has been going through a period of reorganisation and re-equipping and that U la merely gathering ‘fresh strength," as Goering says, In order to deliver surprise blows at “the right hour"? But how long can they wait for that hour to come There came a moment In the Luftwaffe’s blitz on Britain when well-informed sources had good reason to believe that the British would collapse W the blitz continued only a week or so longer than It did. How long can the Reich stand being blitzed? What will happen to German morale and production and communications and over all ability to fight If the Allied raids show no letup, hut Instead mount In severity day after day, night after night, week after week, for a much more protracted period than the period of the Luftwaffe’s effort to grind Englandelnto rubble?
TWA OR THREE PERHAPS
“Every U.S. soldier sent over gets a book on how to get along with the English." A man named MacTaviah sent this in, with the remark that "they should g»e a medal aa well to the mon wha can learn that oot o' one book.”
—Ottawa Citizen

-
4*
Jyî’i
Oranges


.



Getting aboard a Sikorsky helicopter is an easy matter for a hitch-hiker or a tardy passenger who mlaaed the take-off. In this demonstration of the windmill plane, which currently has been developed for the U. S. Army, the pilot dropped a rope ladder and caused the craft to hover, motionless, while another man climbed up.
Full Government
To Territories
"It would be sheer nonsense — ignorant, dangerous nonsense — to talk about grants of full government to many of the dependent territories for some time to come. In these instances it would be like giving a child of ten a latchkey, a bank account and a •hotgu " — Hebert Morrison, British Home Secretary.
NOT SO BATTY Speaking in St. Thomas, Dr. H. B. Hitchcock of Western University, said bats could fly with their eyes blindfolded and not strike objecta, and that they also had a keen homing instinct like the pigeon. Maybe bats are not so batty after all.
Iceland Scouts.
Sweden, one of the few maining European countri* not under the Nazi heel is also prospering in the field of Scouting. In the past three years, the number of Boy Scouts In the country has Increased from 28,000 to 35,000, or 26 per cent.
Scouting is playing an important part in cementing friendship between the people of Iceland and the American and British soldiers and airmen stationed there. American Scouts are assisting Icelandic Scoutmasters in the operation of novel American ideas which are reeaived with enthusiasm by the
Are of Combat
Those opefting bare were being played acres: a vast keyboard. Great
Stirling! and Hallfaxea have roared each night across the arc whose radius extends 600 miles from London, enclosing the greater part ef Germany’s war industries and those of the lands the Nazis have conquered. By day American Flying Fortresses and Liberators have smashed at targets nearer home bases
The nature of the targets selected by the Allied High Command seemed to set the pattern lor things to come. First of all the assault has been directed against the submarine, which has proven one of Hitler's most effective weapons. SInie the first of Che year Wtlhelmshaven, the maritime center whose shipyards are producing U-boats, has been hit hard three times and medieval Nuremberg, the holy place of the Nazi party and home of Diesel engine plants, once. Lorient, chief operating base for submarines on France's western coast, has been bombed ten times while Brest and Bt. Nazal re have been hit twice
St. Thomas Times-Journal
four-engined Lancasters
SERVING TME UNITED NATIONS WITH WAR AlCOHOL
INDUSTRIAL ALCOHOL IN BATTLE DRESS

' v?
/

OTOR cars become tanks. Luxury liners become troop transports. And ALCOHOL becomes a vital war necessity.
Narrow indeed is the gap between the pleasurable things of peace and the fighting tools of war.
Mixed with the gasoline of fighting aircraft, INDUSTRIAL ALCOHOL keeps ’em flying. In the radiators of army trucks, ALCOHOL keeps ’em rolling.
United with guncotton, ALCOHOL helps to provide stabilized explosives for our shells.
And in our hospitals this same versatile product brings comfort and peace to wounded men
ALCOHOL has gone to war, and to provide H in the fabulous quantities needed, the full resources of our mighty plants have been mobilized for the duration. Until peace is won, war is our principal business.
M

\
I
!)




SCOUTING ..

$

i



Wm
do not cease to be Scouts when they join the armed forces is seen by the number who continue to assist in operating Boy Scout Troops where they are stationed, and who form Rover Scout Crews on their stations. The latest to be reported comes from Cairo, Egypt, where former Scouts serving there have formed a Rover Scout Crew.
Proof that Sco




en




Factory Centers Hit War plants and rail and road networks have also been battered. Cologne has been raided four tfan^s this year, and 113 times since the start of the war; Hamm, a great rail center In Germany, has been hard hit Essen, home of the Krupp armaments works, has been attacked heavily. Hen-gelo, In the Netherlands, where factories are turning out war material* for the Germans, has been plastered with bomba.







e e e




One of the most noticeable results of the recent National Boy Scout Week was increased membership in many sections. In Ottawa, one Cubmaster was amazed to find 22 recruits waiting to join up when he arrived at his Scout Week meeting.
The 6th London Pack of Wolf Cubs, whichy has an enviable record of war service does not do things in a haphazard way. The group has already announced its plans for 1943 war service, which includes donations to be made to Russian Relief, Red Cross, Queen’s Fund, Community Chest Fund and Chins Up Fund for British Scouts. Last year the Pack salvaged 23 tons of waatepaper and gave $111.40 to various war charities.
Another British Boy Scout was recently awarded the British Empire Medal. He is Scout John David Grix, aged 15. Scout Grix, for two nights during the heavy air raids on Norwich, rode hie bicycle through the heavy bombing to carry out his civil defence duties, and also directed firemen their troops, introducing many and rescue parties through the devastated parts of the city.

Berlin A Target
Last week a fourth In t&e cur
of attacks hit Berlin
HIRAM WALKER t SONS
LIMITED
1
rent
* waa a "thunderbolt" raid, a
N 3

m

abort eharp attack in which the fall loads of the attacking planes were poured upon the city In half an hour. According to German reports many fearsome four and two-ton block-busters, perhaps aimed at the near-by Potsdam railroad station, fell along Berlin's Un ter den Linden, the wide and famous avenue that Is flanked by palatial public buildings, tourist and shipping offices, motor-showrooms and jewelers’ A ops. In the raid Allied airmen dropped more than 900 tons of bombs, twice the high test amount the Luftwaffe Is estimated to have dropped during an all-night raid on Britain.
In one twenty-four-hour period of the "round the clock’’ bombing
more than 2,000 operations flights were completed by British pilots, flights totaling 150,000,000 miles. In these operations there were fewer planes than a year ago, but they carried more bombs.
The German Defenses
The Germans have built defenses against these attack*. They have antiaircraft guns that reach with remarkable accuracy the 20,000 to 10,000 feet altitude from which British night bombers make their runs over targets, and even the 10,000 to 35,000 feet from which American daytime fliers drop their bombs. German fighter planes, utloua because of the defensive power of the bombera, harry the attacking planes as they make their way to and from the targets.
There are losses. The heavy options of February are estim-d to have cost the Allies 171
:
!
a*








/

d
i
/=
MGS

I
y
)
By Gurney, (Australia)
“Who's right?”
Bluey and Curley of the Anzacs
Z IS TkAT SOUP Vou BL ^X
( Throwing out ? V (
( 1hats what] < y \	f GuT The cook. ^
) I s«o/l 0\\V/ VAYS ,TicotreE*
v-lirV
rr Tastes
like VERY
good soup To me / y
¦
yes
/!
SIR
•#
l



6
I
I
\



i


n
¦
i 0
£ i

X
?
te
k.


>
*
ever-growing réservoir of Allied air strength.
The exact size of the Allied air
I
*
m



###PAGE###8###
Service Announcements
V	—
Sunday, March 28th,
k\Vx\VC

CANADA NEEDS 40 MILLION POUNDS OF FAT
Clean Your Seed 11
/

t
U


»
+ • 4
O
U
?
%
t, SHAW V1LI.K UX1TKO C HURC H \\ Rev A. F. Fok6» H. A., lt.D. Pastor */	11.00 a. ni. Service al Shawville
Subject:—
“A church on the road to Victory



4
%


Farmers intending to have grain cleaned are advised to have it done now. This will help
better service and avoid delays
%
% «
X


!


>
Service at Zion Service at Stark * Cor
1.30	l>. m
3.30	t>. ill
us to give at seeding time.
Z
%


r\
I
!
ner«
Service at Shaxvviîle
7.30 p. m

The Chiek Season
itià
'
g ; Sermon Subject
¦¦¦rt'}' U
i
s

The chick season will soon be here. Inquire about the Purina Plan for raising chicks to big profitable pullets.
Flour,1 feeds and salt always on hand
at right prices
>' *
h
'j
l
ANGLICAN
Rkv. K. C. Rulton, B A., L.Tu
St. Paul’s
Sunday School—10.00 a ni. Evening Prayer—7.30 p, ni. Holy Trinity
Holy Communion—3.00 a. in.

i
AND HELP SMASH THE AXIS!
-,
::
/
ÿOJOT7
f
The next time you are trying or roasting something, just imagine the satisfaction it would give you to pour that hot W right down the back of Adolph, Tojo or Benito.
You can even do better than that. Fats make glycerine, and glycerine makes high explosives to sink their submarines, destroy their aeroplanes and tanks. Bones produce iat, also glue for industry.
Every spoonful ol dripping, every ounce of scrap fat, and every bone, cooked, uncooked or dry, must be saved.
Strain all drippings through an ordinary strainer into a clear, wide-mouthed can. When you have collected e pound or
drippings take it to your meat dealer wno will pay you the established price for the dripping and the scrap fat Of yen earn dispose el through any Municipal
%
,
V
IV



/

%
I
ts
s
X
f.
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg. g
% /
5 0*..
t
North Clarendon Parl'D Kkv. F, 11. Stote in charge
Ladysmith—
Morning Prayer—10.30
Greer mount—
% Evening Prayer—3.00
Charter!#—
Evening Prayer 8.00
Week-day services
Tuesday. March 30th, Lenton service at 8.00 o’clock at the home of Mr. Win. Henderson, North Onslow.
Wednesday, March 31st. Lenton service at Charter)*—8.00 p in.
Thursday, April 1st, Lenten service at Ladysmith—7.30 p. in.
Clarendon Circuit Kkv. N T Holmes. Pastor
Service at Radford—11.00 a. m, Service at Bristol—3.00 p. m Service at Y arm- 7.30 p. in.
2
%
war

)
lWWWOC-V


v
wo;
<1
\
Ration Book Reminder
All coupon* in ration book No. 1 will expire March list. The but ter coupon4 in tint book expired March 1 tth, ami the others ior tea. coffee ami sugar value after the end of the month
*
r
Miss Jean E. Dagg Honored


>/
Honoring Miss Jean 1 > tgg. who»e marriage takes place shortly to Mr. Ke meth M Tubman, of Greel-mount, Mrs. Allan H. Woods and Miss Nora Corrigan entertained at
Woods on Flint a
more of fat

4 •


will have no
X
Ike
A
Salv
ISS
/
the home of Mrs
day earning
miscellaneous shower.
The bride elect entered the room which was prettily decorat ed in pink and white streamers amid a shower of confetti The gifts were presented to her
decorated basket by little
EFFECT la yoer
March 10th
I
m unity.
Tee can be a munition right til your ewe kitchen. So—
ry day, this easy way, kaap working lor Victory by saving every drop of fat dripping, every piece of scrap fat, and every bona.
This campaign is for* the duration.
4*
Wyman Women’s Institute


*

The March meeting of the Wyman Women's Institute was held at the home of Mrs. W. .1. Thompson, a large number of members and visitors in attendance. The president, Miss Frit chard, presided, assisted by the secretary, Mrs. Roland Graham.
This meeting marked the thirtieth anniversary of organization and it was fittingly observed The yvi.i ' w report of the VugU't the conveners
eve

i


é
in a
Goldie Horner and XVnytie Sparling, and an appropriate add res* was read by Mrs. Kmmerson Smiley, Miss Dugg, although taken by swrpiGe t'tanked hei friends very graciously.
The evening xvas 'pent in game-», and mnste was supplied by Mr Alfred Mill ir and Mr He bit/.
Daintv refreshments w • i by Mrs w Thoms and Mt
by a muni er of gentleman
Xx


W't
(3
W
k was received in tlie m i ret ary-t return rer, and v minittees
rngrim prepaud by tlie
asiei-eixedanl d..|
DEPARTMENT OF NATIONAL WAR SERVICES
Bristol United Church Lay Minister Mr. Leslie Dean 11.00 a. m.—Service at St. Andrews
The intuit tee 1 tor the com*
t
NATIONAL SALVAGE DIVISION
IV
Ruth
Smiley
t-M-leti
1% Mîm
M i x K'IIMiel*iiill Silvio Wood*. i
2.30 p. in.—Service at Knox
Service a; Austin
: yen
1
Tin* M.o.vmg pftsider.t, Miss ; presidents. Mrs. E. Keen; see-tssistant. Mrs.
veners
00 p. m
Pritelnrd: vice
t i Graham, and Mrs Sermon Subject— treasurer, Mrs. R. Graham;
W. F. Pritclmrd; eon-Mrs. Meldrum, Mrs. Keon, Mrs.
Graham, Mrs. McL-llan. Mrs. A mm,
Mrs.
(Ogden-b'irg Journal, March 4*m) Th? War Charity Act was explained .)âmes Aitchison, M, a life long km- an(j a committee appointed in line with dent of the town of Madrid, lied sud- t]ie work.
deni y at the home <»t his nephew, Mr.	flic sending of more boxes to the
Robert Stearns, Ihtirsday afternoon, jn p,e «ervice is under way.
March 4th, at 5.00 o’clock.	_	The meeting was honored to have
Mr. Aitchison was born May 25th, jiresen^ the County president, Mrs. W.
1859, son of the late Robert and Mary je Murray, who gave an interesting and Ann Fi>her Aitchison on the farm where }ie|pfu| talk, stressing Institute ideals.
he died.	A pleasing feature of the program
He was married to Miss rranees WAS t|ie presentation of a dowering Leiteh, ot Clarendon, (Jue., beb. -4th, pjant to Mrs. Thompson and Miss 1885, at the Scotch Presbyterian Manse Pritchard, and a leather hand bag to by the late Rev. James Robertson. I \jjM ^A(jey
Miss Leiteh was living with the Lev, The April meeting is to be held at and Mrs. Robertson at the time of her | tjJC },0,ne 0f Mrs. Garth Graham, marriage. Tney had one son, Robert, who died at the age of eight.
Mr. Aitchison resided on the Grand
I
V
Look Here
WANTED
Which side are you on!
For Sale, Wants, Fourni,
Lost, etc.
James Aitchison Dies at Madrid. N. Y
PUBLIC NOTICE
Notice is hereby given that W ILLIAM LOKEN, Belleterre, Quebec* will apply io the Parliament of Canada at the present, or next, session thereof for a Bill of Divorce from his wife, GRACE ANNIE MVltPHY, of Ottawa, Ontario, on the grounds of adultery and desertion.
R. MILLER WALLACE, .Solicitor
Hull, Quebec February -20th, 1943.
Large quantity of
FOR SALE-One Clyde gelding,
rising 5 years, «juiet and sound, will ex change for cattle, any age. Apply to Herman Ballantynk. Maryland.
Phone 23 • 32.
RAILROAD TIES
LOST—On Monday. March 22nd, b tween Shaw ville and Portage du Fort, a^spare tire carrier off j tun Chevrolet truck. Finder kindly leave at Smart’s Meat
Avis est donne parties presentee, que Gaffin.
WILLIAM LOKKN, Belkterre, Province de Québec, demandera au Parliament du Canada A la présenté, au prochain, session un Bill de Divorce contre épouse, GRACE ANNIE MLR-PHY, d’Ottawa, province d Ontario, pour cause d adultère et de désertion.
R. MILLER WALLACE, avocat,
Hull, Québec
Write or telephone
J. M. ARGUE
For Salk or Exchange — A team of heavy mares ; alsi a number of heavy horses and colts. Will exchange for
cattle. Apply to O. B Cuthbertson, Maryland. Phone 5-5.
Irish musical numbers marked the program, and the meeting closed with a
.singsong. Refreshments were served View farm for a number of years alone an(j a very pleasant hour enjoyed, following the death of Mrs. Aitchison, I
Dec 29th, 1931. Three and a half years	-------------
ago he moved in with his newhew, 1	.
where he pissed away. His only sister, | Russian Ull VIty, ViTOZny,
Mrs. Frank Stearns, died 14 years ago.
Surviving are three nephews and one
son
FOR SALE— A quantity of good Victor Oats, suitable for seed. Apply to W J. Woods, McKee, Que.	/
Le 20 Février, 194.3
Boomtown of the Caucasus
Grozny, which faces the German
held from the | drive toward the Caspian sea, has
thrived or. oil.
FOR SALE— Several tons of good quality hay. Apply Estate of John Gordon. J. C. Gordon and H. I. Smith, Executors.
niece.
Funeral service was H Stearns home on Saturday afternoon at 2.30 o’clock with the Rev. George R. In a quarter of a centuryroil has Harland officiating,	lubsicated its path of development
Burial was made in the Madrid so that its population has increased
from 25,000 to. more than 200,000 and its trade kept pace. Crude production facilities of other days have given way to modern electrically operated wells, and refineries and pipe lines normally distribute most of its ‘liquid gold."
Although oil derricks do net improve a skyline or landscape, and the producing end of the oil industry usually presents a mental picture of grease and grime, Grozny is a surprise to travelers. It is generously flecked with flowering gardens, and wide, modern streets frequently pass spacious squares where monuments rise to honor Russian heroes. Even in this day of the movies, citizens of Grozny support four theaters with legitimate stage shows.
Grozny, before its oil boom days, existed largely because it was in a Caucasus resort area where 17 hot springs lured * vacationists and health seekers. Goryachevodsk, widely known spa to Russians, is only 20 minutes’ drive by automobile from the city.
Many wells of the Grozny fields come in as gushers. The oil is of superior quality, with a high paraffin content. Before the war struck the city’s distributing lanes and production was normal, refineries there turned out 75 million pounds of paraffin each year, an amount equal to the quantity imported by the United States.
Wilson’s Garage
RENEWAL OF UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE BOOKS
To all Employers:
The 1942-43 Unemployment Insurance Books expire on March 31st.
Tl\e Same Reliable Service
Cemetery
FOR SALE— 1 black Percheron mare, rising seven years old 1 Percheron colt eight months old. Apply to Andrew Tippish, R. 3, Shawville.
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Elmside Women's Institute
Ford Service
AVTOTRAC— Stake your car a full tirn? farm worker by turning it into an autotrac.. Autotrac supplies you with a low cost farm power fully equal to that of four horses. Ask for free folder giving full information. Apply to Clifford Cone, Shawville. phone 3(5,
The March meeting of the him-side Womens Institute was held at the home of Mrs. H I. Smith on Wednesday.
The president. Mrs. Murray, presided assisted by the secretary, Mrs. F. Thomas.
After the opening exercises the minutes of last meeting were read and approved were which problems.
Mr. N. A. Drummond, agronomist, will show a number of interesting slides It is to be an open meeting and everyone is welcome.
The autograph quilt, will be finished tor next meeting.
Mrs. Percy tfallantyne, who has been treasurer of the Institute tor the past 11 years, presented her resignation. Mrs. Bal Ian ty ne has been very efficient in the office and it was with regret her resignation
Mrs. Ruby Aim-
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
New Insurance' Books for the fiscal year 1943-44 will be exchanged by the Local Employment and Selective Service Office in your area for expired Insurance Books.
Do not send in your Insurance Books without completing forms enclosed with circular letter
J. Wilson
Main Street Shawville Quebec
Phone 40
WANTED—At once, girl to do general housework. Apply to Mrs. C. I. C, Pu w les, Shawville.
Arrangements made for April meeting will feature Agricultural
625
GILSON FURNACES— The Gilson
“Magic” woodburner furnace is simple, built to last, and its exttaordinary efiicency, economy and responsiveness make it an unending source of comfort and joy. It is built of a special rust resistant Alloy :—the seams are hermetically closed by the latest invention in electric arc welding, it is air-tight and dusMight. __ I ... information apply to Clifford Cone, Shawville, phone 30.
If you have not received this circular letter, get in touch with your nearest Employment and Selective Service Office.
Where it is necessary to quote the Employee’s Insurance Number, use the number with the prefix letter shown on the front cover of the book: example P-49247, E-22454. Do not quote the book serial number printed on the inside pages of the book.
Protect the benefit rights of your employees by following closely the procedure outlined in the circular letter, and prevent delays by acting now.
FOR SALE
1 McCormick Disc Seed Drill. 1 5ft. Frost and Wood mower. I 1 Oft Deering Rake, 1 set 12ft smoothing harrows, 1 Monarch Fanning Mill. 1 walking plow, 1 No. 12 De Laval Cream Separator, 1 horse cultivator, 1 farm wagon, 1 set sleighs, 1 steel tire buggy, l cutter. 1 set work harness, I set driving haeness, Apply to
CLARENCE ERWIN
Wyman. Que
permanently For further
was accepted strong was appointed her succès
«
sor.
The election of officers, with Mrs. M Stewart in the chair, returned the same officers as last year, with the exception of treasurer.
IN MEMORIAM
Phone 27-13
Bknidict—In loving memory of our dear daughter, Freida, Mrs. Emery Benedict, who died March 20, 1932.
Sunshine passes, shadows fall,
Love’s remembrance outlasts all ;
And though the years l>e many or few, They are tilled with remembrance dear Freida of you.
Always remembered by Parents, Mr. and Mr*. Frank Deering,
and Family
To Debtors of Late Dr. R. H. Foster
The roll call was answered by payment fees.
The programmes for the coming year were read by the president. Another quilt was completed foi the Red Curst, the 9th completed dming the year.
A sing-song closed the meeting,
aftei wards a delicious tea was served by the hostess, assisted by Mrs. B, Pit ie and Miss Pearl Angus.
Pipe lines carried Grozny petroleum north into the heart of Russia's industrial region and to the Caspian and Black seas for shipment by tanker. Refineries at Odessa and Kherson, both now occupied by the Nazis, handled large volumes of Grozny 04.
UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE COMMISSION
partir* who are indebted to the late Dr. R. H. Foster, of Renfrew, are requested to write Mrs. Foster or pay account* at the office of the deceased, Ann St., Renfrew.
Hon. Humphrey Mitchell 7
Minister of Labour
LOUIS J. TROTT1ER R. J. TALLON ALLAN M. MITCHELL
r
MRS. LEAH FOSTER. '
Renfrew OoL
March 22, 1943.



