###PAGE###1###

I

No. 20 00th Yeau
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 31st 1042
TUrty-iix Killed end 118 Injered in Train Wreck at Almonte
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Happy New Year
One of the worst train wreck* in the histoty of the Canadian Pacific Railway occurred at Al monte Station, at 0.00 o'clock Sunday night, when a through troop train from Petawawa crashed into the Pembroke Otta wa passenger train.
The passenger was loaded w;th people returning to the city aftei upending the holiday week end at tiieir homes along the line. The dead and injured included many from Renfrew, Pembroke, Am prior and other smaller towns along the line.
The passenger train had just been ordered to leave Almonte Station when the crash occurred,
Darlene Belabor Killed
The list of dead published on
Monday in the Ottawa evening ¦ I I I ¦¦	—
KEUsas..‘iyrsrAi£ I personal mention
of Mr. and Mrs. Herman Belsher, of R. 2, Arnprim. and a grand
Htoùher^of Yarm*11 Mlw* BeUber Among tlio*e rtlending Christ-
aiSUtiSUSS*.	Ottawa	-UbAtSda,.SB3
He xva* born in Bristol town ship, the son of the late Mr, and Mrs. Robert Tubman. Thirty five yea is ago he was married to Smith, of Bristol, who pie-deceased him in 1018.
ihe Çenuine
Shirwim - Williams Ë	-w
emi/ustre
«orner Bank'and Somerset Stree t Ottawa Ontario
rui* old reliable schoo 1 Iihm removed to ai go and Huer premises. The finest *nd most moder n i n Ontario Attend a school with an established reputation Open allyear.
r
As 1942 makes its last bow, The Equity expresses appreciation of the goodwill extended throughout the year by many friends. As the curtain rises on a new year of fast-changing events we wish to say, "Thank You*' with the hope that 1943 will bring cheer and happiness to all.
# 3
SATIN - ENAMEL

The sensational washable satin enamel for walls, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other stains wash off with soap and water. We have • fuH selection of the lovely pastel shades.

f<
w. E. COWLING President
H.W. BRAITHWAITE Principe I
m

JAMES A. MILLAR
e. A..IL. L.L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
Al Meyfe'«|HeLl, C.mpb.ll’. B.y •’•ry Wednesday morning At PeatiacH.n.., Shew ville ..very
Wednesday ml Noon
DIED
A HAPPY and PROSPEROUS NEW YEAR TO ALL

HOLIDAY ARRIVALS
AeAew Tubman Di« m Christmas Day
EARL AND O. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
I
Miss Nora Horigin*.
•* Marion Smyth •• K. Booth *• Kies nor Knox
On a certain pier at an “Eastern •* Eleanor Wall Canadian Port" stands a ware- " Edith Towsley house of the Canadian Red Cross " Winnifred Hamilton	Surviving him are one son,
Society piled high with crates of Pte. Don Cameron	Gregory, of Caldwell; five daugh-
flupolies. Inside that building are	Mr.	and	Mrs.	Wm. Kirkpatric	k	**#"*, Mrs.	Norman	Hobbs (Plot-
busy men and women sorting and	Mr.	and	Mrs.	U, G, Biesôuthal	and	fjjce)	Mrs. Charles hsdey,
packing supplies—the gift of the	Donna	(Edith) of Stark» Corners; Mrs.
iwople of Canada.	Capt. Wallace Hudgins	Sherwood Grant, (Mildred) of
It is from this warehouse that	Mr,	and	Mrs.	Roy McDowell	South	Porcupine,	and Misses
the men of the Navy, the mar-	Mr.	and	Mrs.	Russell Grant	£*die	and	Manon	Tubman, at
chant marine, the submarine, the Staff Sgt. Ebert Horner , home; also four brothers, William, corvette and the minesweeper re-	Mr. and Mrs, Clark Cowan	James, Henry and Albert,	of	Bris
ceive their supplies of warm	Miss Florian Brough, R, N.	Job and Robert John, ot	Duluth,
woolen comforts. It is from this	Ac. Harold Pokes and Mrs. Pokes. Out., and one sister, Mrs.	J.J.
warehouse that the sweaters,	Mrs. H Millar	Rooney, of Kailton, Out.
scarves, helmets and mitts are Mrs Leslie Horner	H# was a member of St Lukes
issued to the men, so that no one Miss Arlene Horigins	Anglican church,
need suffer from cold dr neglect.	L. CpI. Tolbert Corrigan	which he had
It is from here too, that the Mrs. Harold Walker	over .« years.	¦
ship-wrecked survivors, regardless Miss Lorna Hudgins	The fanerai was held on Mon
of insignia or nationality receive Lieut David Clarke and Mrs. Clarke day afternoon from his late home their new supply of clothing. It	_	8t. Phul s Anglican church,
is these bundles of clothing that	From Montreal	Shaw ville, where service was con-
change the tottered and battered	ducted by Rev. K. C. Bolton.
from this pier 10.08U articles of j Alw n Dale	,„an.
ssjea
ar^asra i^jStSsr
to the Canadian Red Cross and its „ y”Ln n.7e
si ~	a
Canadian Port "	*	9°n'
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
-? Estate C, J. Caldwell 4-
Red Crew K#### Busy
Ella

J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate Barrister I Solicitor, etc.
Omci : Campbell'# Bay, Quebec
(In| Lawn Block)
i
DONAT Le GUERRIER
Notary Public
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUEBEC
Caldwell, of been a warden for
Branch at (juyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matter# dealt with by correspondre
.•
(X

R-JVIILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT BARRISTER HULL, QUEBEC
Consultations by Appointment
m.

%
Large Attendante at Christmas
Pageant

D. J. CAMPBELL
To a gathering that picked the auditorium, the Shawville United Y. F U. pieaented their twelfth annual pageant “Follow Thou Me by Mary 8. Hitchcock, on Christmas night. The storey of the four-act religious drama was laid in the time of Jesus, and was ably presented by a caste of about ‘JO characters.
Leading parts were efficiently taken by Robin Horigins as Daniel a scribe. Hen Midlidge, as Pilate; Walter Kilgour, as Lucius, a Roman Soldier; Ina McDowell, as Beatrice, a Roman Maid; Jessie Armstrong, as Elizabeth, a Jewish girl; Mrs. Gordon Paul, as Claudia, the wife of Pilate. Catherine Tracy, presented the part of Pria cess Anna; Kay Woodley Jewish seeress and Velma G
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
»


DR. H. K. NEILSON

From Other Places
?1W
Eye, Ear, Noee aid Threat SPECIALIST
GREETINGS I
Lloyd Stewart, R C N.V.R., Kingston
Stewart Storey " Kingston Dean Pokes	" Toronto
Fred Way	" Halifax
Win Harris R.C.A.M.C. Kingston Art Hayes R.C.A.M.C., Peterbo George Fades R.C.A.F, Clinton Staff Sgfc. Douglas McDowell, Camp Borden
Mias Do bel McEwen R N., Toronto A. W. 1. Cecilia Curri Mills, C. W.
A C., Summeiside, P E. I. Pte. Thos. Stark, Camp Borden Mr. and Mrs. P. Fillator and Mary Lou, Calabogie
Miss Rae Smart, Thurso, Que.
L, A. W. Elaine McDowell, C. W.
A. F., Hagers ville.
Misa Marion Lester, Thurso
Vemla McPhee, TheGowe**.
Ac. 2 Marshall Laugbren, R C A.F Toronto
Mis# Orma Elliott. Pembroke.
R. G. Glenn. R.C.N V.R., St, Hyacinthe, Que.
Officer Oraydou Masson Mrs. Masson, Pen field, N. B
Save Year Pali aad Bern,
UILDI
I
A Dominion wide campaign for the collection of fats and bones has been launched by the National Salvage Division of the Depart* ment of National War services, in co operation with the Oils and Fats Administration of the Wartime Price# and Trade Board, it is announced by Charles LaFerle,
Director of National Salvage.
In connection with this new war drive, Mrs. Phyllis Turner, Oils and Fats Administrator, -declared that today Canada face# a serious shortage of fat# %nd oils for war industries, and needs a minimum through salvaged fats and bones,
35.000,000 pounds of fat a year, or, reduced to per capita figure#, about one ounce of fat per person per week.	,	.	, • J
This is not just another brief campaign, with a spurt to be put on for a few days or weeks and then dropped, the Salvage Dirac tor emphasizes. The campaign must be sustained, right across Canada, in every household, hotel" and restaurant from day to day for the duration of the
stfur&Jsr cjrsf >- “ w, „ „ ,
munity where a fats and bones Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Black spent collection system is already in the Christmas week end in Otta-operation, either through raunicl* wa with relatives.
pal collection or sponsored by a Mra. Andrew Horigin* is spend in nt voluntary salvage committee, |	Christmas season with
such a system.	Pte Bric Dean. R. C O. C . ol
The Canadian meat dealeM, ap Cornwall, visited friend# in Bristol their contribution, have under Mines on Thursday last.
msmi i sis®
the recovery of vital jtfycerine for m
explosive# and other materials Mr and Mre, Austin McDowell essential for war industries. Ren- I .peut Christmas at the home of derers and «makers likewise have I t{,e|r daughter and sen in-law. promised their co operation In I Mr and Mrs. Alex Olmstead, at making the campaign a success. I Aylmer.
Every ounce of dripping, every I J	_	..
morsel of scrap fat, every bone, I Mrs. Gilbert Giabam, ot Kqpid green or dry must be saved.	| Des Joachims, and Mrs. Geiald
Meat dealers will pay trom 4 to I Hod gins, of Ottawa, attended the 41 cents per pound for drippiug I funeral of their aunt, Mise Mary
Park, last week.
OTTAWA. - ONT.
PHONE, | «.7901
10

I
Among our assets we like to count the only one that money cannot buy
m
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462BronsonAve., Cor. Gladstone,
OTTAWA. ONTARIO
of a

uy, a*
little lame Sarah, the daughter of Anna, whom the Master cures.
Leaser roles in the caste included, Shirley Sly and Shirley Corrigan, as door maidens in the Pilate palace; Clarence Demi, as the high priest Caiaphas; Glenn Horigins, as another priest, and the oart of two false witnesses, by Don gal I Sharpe and Urquhardt Campbell.
All through the play, six girls as ladies in waiting presented drills and pantomimed hymns, these being Roberta Dale. Edna Meunier. Isobel Smart. Hazel Davis. Jean McKay and Beverley Harris.
In every part the caste gave their lines without and with the reverence
PPHPPBPH
skill was displayed all through the four acts. The setting, light, ing and costumes added material ly to the effect.	¦ ¦¦
As part of the play.
Hodgins and Kay Woodl a duet, and Mrs. Edgar Hodgins supplied the music on the electric organ.

SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialist ron ml Nieual and muscular eyed ef acte
T,T.Beattie, Kathleen M.Rollins,
qeg. Optometrist
— Your Good Will
And so at this Holiday Season i we extend to you not as " customers alone, but as friends The Best Wishes for the
Coming Year.
«•
t
Reg Optometris
Gordon T. Paul I N SU RANGE

Flying
Miss Evelyn Chamberlain, Browns burg. Que.
Wallace Lang, Schumacher.
Pte Fred Bale, Vancouver.
i
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
prompting due such a Considerable dramatic
Glenn ley sang

QUE
SHAWVILLE
#
The annual Watch Night service of the Y. P U. of the United Church, will be held on Thursday night, from 1100 p m. to 12 05, The young people give an invitation to all to join in this service fitting close to the old year.
Leslie Hodgins Now Presumed to Have Died Night of April 27th
Mr. and Mrs. Nellie Hodgins, of 312 Frank St, Ottawa, received word on Christmas eve that their only son, Flight Sergeant l^ealD Hodgins, who was previously reported missing, now was pro* sinned to have died on the night ot April 27th.
as a
SUBSCRIPTION RENEWAL TIME
THE W. A. HODCINS STORE
This ia lenewal time for moat of onr subscribers, aud if 48 does not appear with your address, your subscription to The Rquity
Quebec
Shawville
Mr Lyall Belsher, of ildsley,
Susk.. and his son, Glenn Rubber.
R. C, N. V. ft , of Toronto, have been veiling at the home of Mr... . and Mra Harry Bel*her, at Yarm, 111 arrears.
fat.
\
v
x
###PAGE###2###

y
DRESSED TO KILL
Blind And Lame In War Industry
PUTTING PUNCH IN THE AUSTRALIAN AIR ARM
WHAT SCIENCE IS DOING


. .
ESTi3
B'*"	4



iS


2'1
ii





1
Be
Physically-Handicapped
come


§

r

Successful War*


m
Workers
#00

NEW MEDICINE STOPS BLEEDING QUICKLY
Prize fighters are using a new medicine which stops bleeding almost instantly.
The seconds are putting the medicine on troublesome cuts, especially around eyes, which partly blind fighters and sometimes cause a referee to stop a fight.
The medicine is the fastest blood-clotting substance ever found, and the ring, in adopting it, is one of the first agencies to prove the advantages. The medicine is made from rabbit’s blood, and that has no implications as to its effect on courage, remedy could as easily be made of lion's blood, if lions weren't so expensive.
It is a whitish powder, extracted from plasma, the portion of blood remaining after the red corpuscles have been removed. The rabbit plasma is the same portion of whole blood as the human plasma now collected by the Ked Cross for military transfusions.
Out of this rabbit plasma a little more than a year ago Dr. I. A. Parafentjev, of the Lederle laboratories, obtained a globulin, which is one of the important proteins in blood. The globulin had remarkable blood-clotting powers.
One part of the extract would clot 60,000 parts of blood in three seconds.


«

1


lien*’» an army that’s socking the azis with a (1st Chat Isn’t there.
mHHThe Kansas City Star, includes a legless locksmith who saves many man hours by scooting about the sprawling Lockheed aircraft plant In Los Angeles at dogtrot speed on a little platform on roller skates. . . Blind girl who can’t cross the street unaided. but whose sensitive fingers the Joy of every assembly line and sorting department foreman . . . Deaf mutes who are placidly undisturbed by the pounding racket of the machines they operate. . . . One of the world’s smallest midgets, a riveter, who crawls into the cramped tails of bombers, and his score of men and women friends who nonchalantly stroll about tho inside of plane wings vacuum-cleaning for scrap bits of metal . . . One-legged drill press operators, one warmed welders, a spastica—lack of muscular control —victim who operates a 94-splndle machine making parachute cords. There're the 2.439 rehabilitated nand women of Southern California's aircraft and shipbuilding


;

*4*
*
am

This army, says

:*
'W
am
m

*




r
m
è
<1 ¦ a

ij
v

t


7 ;
i
S
>

1 v


k

ri ,4
4 4;
M
t
7

w

s
iAt t
are
is#
5
l

UK
A &
XI
!•


AH*

/ 8
i
T



»
t\ \
The
4k
*aj

V


RAF heavy
Equipment of
bomber rear gunner, ready for action, includes: 1—-helmet; 2— a mask and mike; 3—oxy-
V*

a






oxygen
gen tube; 4—Intercommunication lead; r>—parachute “dog clip#f9 6—inflated life jacket; 7—tape tie# for jacket; 8—parachute
parachute fur collar of lamb's wool lined leather jacket
Vicious scrappers, swift P-38 fighters like this one being unloaded in Australia, arc adding plenty of drive to the battle against the Japs.
me
harness	release ;
harness webbing; 10
9
25th Anniversary Of Great Disaster
Have Y ou Heard? Way^ Jj^After War
OFFERS ‘REVOLUTION’
HOW CAN I?
When the next peace is considered, the Allies will have before them two alternatives, states The London Sunday Times. One is to purge ruthlessly and on a large scale the Nazis and militarists and then give a chance to German democracy: the other Is to discriminate less, but be much more severe toward the nation as a whole.
If, however, the discriminating policy Is pursued. It must not be a question of merely putting special criminals to death. That may be done, but not that alone. Large bodies of Germane constitute at this moment the Gestapo, the SjS., and the party officials. None of them need have filled any of these positions; they volunteered; and in doing so the) pledged themselves to take part In any atrocity.
No one would suggest shooting so large a multitude, but there may be strong arguments for removing them from the fature Germany and putting them where they can do no more mischief.
She watched the door of her new establishment open to admit her first client, started! A good impression must be created!
Hurriedly she grasped the telephone receiver and became engaged in an animated conversation. Then an appointment having been arranged, she replaced the receiver, and asked: “What can I do for you, sir?”
A moment’s pause, and then: “If you please, Ma’am, I’ve come to connect the telephone!”
1,635 Persons Killed In Explosion at Halifax
Q. How can I make use of the juices from canned or pickled fruit?
A. Always save these juices, as they can be added to the water In which the ham is boiled.
Q. How can I remove paint stains from clothing?
A. Paint stains on clothing can often be removed simply by rubbing the stain with the wrong side of the same material.
Q. What can I do when my kid gloves have become spotted by rain drops?
A. Don't allow them to dry, but while they are still on the hands and damp, rub very gently with a damp cloth so that the rain drops are scattered. If this is done it time, the gloves will not spot
Q. What is an effective method of flouring food evenly and quickly for frying?
A. Mix the flour, salt and pepper in a paper bag, put in the food to be floured, and then shake well.
Business had
Dec. 6 was the 25th anniversary of one of the worst single disasters In the world’s history.
It was on Sunday, Dec. 6, 1917, that the Halifax explosion literally blew apart the entire northern section of the city of 60.000 people.
Today scars are still visible In Halifax, which is again a busy wartime seaport.
In the northern end of the city, in the west narrows, which divide Bedford Basin from the stream or main harbor, two ships collided 25 years ago—the I mo. a freighter of Norwegian registry loaded with 8,000 tons of wheat under Belgian relief charter, and the French freighter Mont Blanc, carrying 4, 000 tons of explosives.
The resulting explosion killed 1,635 persons. Five hundred disappeared completely. Scores were blinded and dozens partially blinded. Hundreds more received other

Modern Etiquette
By Roberta Lee


1.	Isn’t it poor taste to speak frequently of the cost of various things, clothes, food, etc.?
2.	What is a fricassee?
3.	Is it all right to use violet, red, blue, or green ink in social correspondence?
4.	Is a woman’s second wedding as elaborate as her first?
f>. Isn’t it nice for a person engaged in any kind of sport or game to praise his opponent when the latter makes an exceptionally good play?
6. Is it all right to use a folded napkin to brush the crumbs off the table?
. :
Ry.À
Briggs: “You say that your wife went to college before you married her.”
Griggs: “Yes she did.”
Briggs: “And she thought of taking up law, you said?”
Griggs: “Yes but now she's satisfied to lay it down.”

9

Last month, a friend invited mo to his office to see a chair that he said had cost $5,000. “You must be kidding,” I said. That chair is not worth $5,000.” “Maybe it isn’t worth that money,” he agreed, “but that's what it cost me last year, just sitting in it, when I should have been up and after business !”
Offering what he admitted was “a revolution, yes, but a British revolution,” Sir William Beveridge, above, submitted to Great Britain his blueprint for post-war living featuring a blanket social security system covering every citizen. He declared his proposal would abolish want without Britain’s “going Bolshevist.”
Answers
1. Yes; it is very poor taste to do so. 2. A dish made of fowls, veal, or other meat, cut into pieces and stewed in a gravy. 3. No. Black ink only should be used. 4. No. The specific arrangements vary according to the age of the bride and Jhe attitude of family and friends towards the second marriage. 5. Yes. A good sportsman will be quick to do so, and it is a sure way to become popular. 6. Yes.
41
Q. How can I clean a bronze article?
A. One of the best methods is to dip the article into boiling water and then rub with a soft cloth dipped in yellow soapsuds. Last, polish with another soft and dry cloth.
PARATROOP CHIEF HONORED
fv


&
plants, high-producing proof that physically-handicapped manpower can become a powerful factor In America's war — and post war — production channels. A year ago they were Industrially snubbed. Today hard-bitten, dead-line ridden employers have taken them on
Joe:	“What's become of
the Hiker's Club?"
Jim: “Oh, it disbanded. It was getting too hard to persuade passing motorists to pick us up and give us a lift ”


#

In desperation, have discovered they know, and do, their Jobs better than normal men In most cases —and are howling for more.




*
MM
An old lady was arguing with the driver about the cost of the taxi ride.
“I tell you the price you are charging us poor people who have been bombed out of our homes le ridiculous. Do you think I have been traveling in a taxi for years for nothing?”
“No” replied the driver, “but I'm jolly well sure you’ve tried your hardest.”

CLASSIFIEE ADVERTISEMENTS
i


é
A
I
it
PATENTS A TRADE MARKS
r.
DI^KAHKD ENLARGED TONSILS
AUTOMOBILES—USED

EUEKTUN IL CASE. REGISTERED United States. Canadian, British Patent Attorney. Booklet grelte. Established over forty yeara. Si Balsam Avenue. Toronto.
DOCTORS CLAIM THEY LEAD TO many complaints. Use Thuna's pink tablets for the nose and throat. For strengthening the throat: dropping of mucous discharge: sensation of a lump In the throat; bad taste In the mouth. They help build resistance against colds, clear the voice and give better bodily health. Obtained from Thuna Herbalists, Dept. T, 298 Danforth, Toronto. Canada's oldest and largest herbalists. Write for particulars.
USED CARS WITH GOOD TIKES. See us first. Mount Pleasant Motors Limited. Used Car Lot at 2U4U Yonge Street; Head Office, 632 Mount Pleasant Road. Toronto. Telephone HY 2181._________

-


«8
;
POULTRY WANTED

Il AU Y CHICKS
WANTED—LIVE, try, top market Ltd., ronto
DRESSED POOL, prices paid. Unes Lawrence Market To-
MARTINDALE’S 1943 CHICKS ready Jan. 4th—Barred Rocks, New Hampshlres, Light Sussex, White Leghorns, and Hybrids. Canadian Approved and Blood-Tested. Folder free. Martlndale'e Farm Hatchery, Caledonia, Ont
“Tommy," asked his stingy uncle, “how would you feel if 1 were to give you a pen-
-y r
Si.

TURKEYS
“I think, replied Tommy, “that 1 would feel a little faint at first, hut I d try and get over it
FOR SALE

TURKEY POULTS — P U R K Bronze Bourbon Red, White Holland stock from Government Banded Booking Edwards,
START CHICKS EARLY FOR most profit. Hatches every week from January Fourth—Chlcke, Pullets, Cockerels. Illustrated Catalogue, Price List ready. Fisher Orchards Hatchery. Freeman, Ont.
10 ACRES GOOD GARDEN LAND, all kinds of small fruits, orchard, buildings, hydro. Immediate possession. write or Phone 601W. Mr A. Beltz. 234 Willow Rd Guelph.

Blood-tested
orders for 1943. A. W. Lansdowne. Ontario.
flocks.
Col. Edson D. Raff of New York, left, commander of the first contingent of U. S. paratroops in North Africa, stands at attention as French Gen. Edouard Wei vert decorates him with the French Legion of Honor medal. Col. Raff and his men flew 1500 miles from England to get into action.
#
“How did Maguire lose the fingers of his right hand?”
“Oh, he put them in a horse's mouth to find out how many teeth he had.”
“And then what happened?”
“The horse closed his mouth to find out how many fingers Maguire had.”
PHOTOGRAPHY
PATENT»
25 FREE CHICKS
SEND FUR* UUR PRICE LIST OF-
chicks for early lace your order Chick Hatchery,
DON'T TRUDGE THROUGH
FETHERSTUNHAUGH & COMPANY Potent Solicitors Establlnheo 1890;	14 King West. Toronto.
Booklet of Information on renne»!	______
The Heat, Kale, at Hell
ferlng free orders, and p early. Goddard Britannia Heights, Ontario.
Injuries.
The explosion was Investigated by the law courts, and the case was taken to the privy council. . That tribunal ruled both ships had been at fault. Rumors of sabotage are still unproven today.
A new city has arisen from the ruins of the old. A large-scale wartime housing project blots out the scar of the disaster. But Halifax hasn't forgotten, and precautions have been taken to ensure that the seoond world war does not repeat the disaster of the first.
HAVE YOUR SNAPS
United States Year Ahead Of Schedule
Delivered by Mall Any a or S exposure film perfectly developed and printed for only 26c. Supreme quality and faet service guaranteed
FOR SALE
EARLY CHICKS MEAN EARLY ordering. Top-prioed markets demand early-started pullets. That's why Bray customers are ordering what they want now. Don't waste time, work, feed, on anything but known productive stock. Get our pricelist, size up your requirements, and order Moon. Bray Hatchery, ISO John Ht.. N., Hamilton, Ont (Catalog ready end of month).__________________
WHEAT, OATS. BARLEY IN CAR-lote only, whole or ground, for •erlcUM buyers only. The Atlas Grain Company, Montreal.____________
The U. S. Navy carrier-building
program la 26 months ahead of
schedule, planes more are to be given to the Navy.
What a feat that carrier building is! It means that the Americans are averaging a year ahead on every one of the 17 carriers under construction, half-dozen were begun only last
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
Station J. Toronto
Fourteen thousand
“George, am as 1 as dear te you as 1 wee before we were married?"
“Ah, im those days I didn’t count the cost!”
FOOT BALM
RHEUMATIC
BAUMEKKA FOOT BALM destroys offensive odor instantly. 46c bottle Ottawa agent Denman Drug Store. Ottawa.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED — Every sufferer of Rheumatic Paine or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Munro's Drug Stora 116 Elgin. Ottawa Postpaid $1.00.
COLLIE PUPS
HAIRDRESSING SCHOOL
Chunk From Engine Downs Nazi Plane
SCOTCH COLLIE PUPS. WHITE markings. Parents genuine heelers, watch. Male», $6.00. John Arnott Bright, Ontario.
The first
r.
SAFE WANTED
LEARN HAIRDRESSING THE Robertson method on request Robertson's emy, 137 Avenue Road, Toronto.
Information classes, ng Acad-
SAJTB WANTED — STATE AGE, condition. Inside else and price. Box D, Room 4:1, 71 Adelaide St. W., Toronto.
regarding
Halrdreeslr
year.
Electric Eye
It means that America's shipbuilders are doing a four-year Job in two years; that the first of these 36-knot, 25,000-tonners, each carrying 80 planes, may be in the fighting line next year.
British naval shipbuilding Is secret.
Their shipyards are not known to have done more than replace the four aircraft carriers lost since the fall of Prance.
Their warship building program was disorganized by the French collapse.
Equipment for new fighting ships was delayed while the 1940 losses of every type of weapon used by the army were made good. Now naval construction- Is on e same priority as tanks, guns
CHICKENS, GEESE, ETC. WANTED
A German fighter was brought down by a fragment from a locomotive boiler which exploded during a strafing by the unfortunate Nazi and another raider.
It happened when two Focke-Wolf 190's slipped across the coast for the first Nazi air assault on Britain la three weeks.
After machine-gunning a school and fire station the Germans roared in low over a standing train. A chunk of steel from the engine hurtled upward and scored a direct hit on the Nazi. •
Eyewitnesses said the elated engineer was as proud as tf he'd done K himself.
An electric detector, Invented In England, prevents damage to saws by “finding " metal nails or bolts hidden in timber.
OFFER TO INVENTORS
CHICKENS. FOWL. GEESE, TTJR-
Ducka. Bring your
[Highest
paid. Quality Meat Pack-3 First Avenue, Toronto.
WANTED
keys and dressed Poultry to us. prices era, 20
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay . Registered Patent Attorneys, 173 Bank Street, Ottawa, Canada.
WANTED, FIVE TO TWENTY-five horsepower direct current motors. Two-ton chain blocka. High
teen
Co
pressure elxty-slx by six. horizontal return tubular boiler. J. R. Kennedy, Cobourg.
FARM FOR SALE
British Sailors’ Society
MEDICAL
ONE HUNDRED ACRES ON BAY of Quinte, new house, modem conveniences, furnace, three-plece bath, ahower, electric pump, running water in barn, good tenant house; silo; hen house; workshop; double garage; all In good repair. Electricity In all ; plenty of wood; good fishing and boating. Clarence Mallory, Real Estate Agent. Bloomfield, Ont.
At Ha
SICK?
CONSULT MB REGARDING YOUR
problems. (Consultation Write or call when in the
¦S?
(Established 1818)
BM ‘¦Hi
iome Thousands of Sailors Will be entertained this coming
CHRISTMAS and NEW YEAR
it our 106 stations all over the «even* seas by this, THE OLDEST BAILOR SOCIETY IN THE WORLD. Send Gifts to
BRITISH SAILORS’ SOCIETY
Axis Grab
o
health
City. Chiropractic Science elck people welL Phillip's tlfic General Health Service. 11 Queen East Toronto.
During the past three years of war, says Collier's, the Axis powers have Increased
A ft
eir territory
from about three to twelve p cent, of the world’s land area, their population about ten to thirty per cent of the world's people, and their raw material resources from about five to thirty per cent of the mineral wealth of the world.
i i
DON'T WAIT — EVERY BUFFER-er of Rheumatic Paine or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Munro'e Drug Store, 186 Elgin. Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
DYKING A CLEANING
HAVE YOU ANYTHING NEEDS dyeing or cieantnuT Write to us for information We are glad to answer your questions. Department H Parker's Dye Works Limited. 79» long# Street, rente.
George M. S peed le,
Dominion Secretary,
•0 Alberta Avenue.
Toronto, Ontario.
Will be greatly appreciated
The hlgheet mountain of Europe W Mount Elborus. 18,620 feet, le the C-aucaeua.
ISSUE 52—’42

To-
¦ i
\



###PAGE###3###

DAILY MILEAGE OF B.C.A.T.P. PLANES
VOICE
Prime Minster’s Day Of 24 Hours
Commentary on Current fcvcnts
THE WAR . WEEK
O F
THE
Clearing Tunisia Of Axis Powers Key To Open Sea Lanes To Allies
PRESS
£ ->
t
Mr. Churchill Adds Two Hours To Working Effort By Midday Sleep
There are 24 hours In the day of each Prime Minister, measured by the clock. The use made of them depends on physical stamina. mental vigor, gifts of organisation. No man can long endure the strain of the position who Is not endowed with an Iron constitution or Is unable to restore bis strength with sleep. The greatest commanders and the greatest statesmen have been able to sleep at will and to do so at the height of a campaign or a crisis.
•t
IMPARTIAL R AF.
While some people are busy trying to sell the maudlin idea that we are fighting the Nazis and not the dear, good German people, it is comforting to fino that the Royal Air Force draws no such distinctions. With all due respect to Hie Grace of Canter-bine, or anyone else who may fee* sentimental at times about the enemy, the bald fact ia that, without the enthusiastic support of the 'German people* aforesaid, there would have been no rise of Nazism.


Other Allied Ports They also hold, In Algeria, Oran, Algiers, bougie, and bone. Separated from these by bUerte and Tunis are the Libyan ports of Tobruk and Derna, In Lieut. Uen. Sir Bernard L. Montgomery's hands.
Bengasi should be the most valuable port for General Montgomery in his drive on Tripolitan la. No official information Is forthcoming here about the present state of that port, but probably, for the time being, it la virtually out of commission. Mye-wltnees accounts of the much-bombed port describe havoc In the harbor there as far worse than anything else In North Africa However, It Is extremely difficult to put a port out of action altogether.
Oen. Dwight D. Eisenhower, supreme commander of the Allied forces In Northwest Africa, is unlikely to delay his task of clearing the Axle out of Tunisia any longer than Is absolutely necessary. for, until all of Tunisia Is In his bands, the successful United Nations ventures elsewhere In North Africa cannot be fully effective, says an article in the Christian Science Monitor. Indeed the primary mission of the campaign Is to regain control of the sea route through the Mediterranean.
Not until the narrows dividing the Eastern and Western Mediterranean are firmly in Allied control can the route through that sea be again available to shorten the long haul around the Cape of Good Hope by about 10,000 miles snd release vitally needed shipping to other uses.
While Tunisian ports remain In Axis hands, the enemy can make the short runs from Sardinia and Sicily under cover of darkness. As long as communication of this character can be maintained, stores, mechanised equipment, and heavy material» can be provided In far greater quantities than would be possible by air transport. So the sooner these ports are taken, the better.
Importance of Sicily
Furthermore Hitler Is reported to be hastening all available air strength to Sicily and Sardinia, where the Nails have previously erected formidable fortifications. Control of the Mediterranean, Mussolini's mouthpiece. Virgin lo tiayda, pointed out in hi# book, "The Problems of Sicily,” depends upon Sicily. Sicily, he said, was Italy's vital base through which all historic movements from Europe to Africa and vice versa had proceeded.
The quicker Hitler's dispositions can be attacked then the less trouble there will be la projecting future Allied operations.
Once the Axis Is swept from North Africa, Hitler will have good cause to worry. Already he has moved troops Into Southern France, and into Italy in anticipation of these areas being selected by the United Nations as second front objectives, but there are many other miles of sea front that must be covered.
From the primary mission of opening the Mediterranean flow several secondary objectives, some of which bulk almost as large in their ultimate effect as does the primary mission. Among them la the Insuring of the total destruction of Axis forces In Libya, security of the Suez Canal, and ob- ^ talning positions from which thrusts In force against areas In Southern Europe can be launched, j
Coasts to Watch
Although the Nazis apparently have discounted the possibility of an Allied attempt being made through the Iberian Peninsula, probably because of the difficulty of forcing the passes In the Pyrenees, there are the Dalmatian and Greek coasts to guard in addl- I tlon to those of France and Italy. I Nor is the possibility of a descent I on the Atlantic coast of Europe I to be neglected.	I
The Russian winter is now at work on the Nazis. What effect I its grip will hate during the next I six months cannot be foreseen, but I Hitler has many more worries with which to cope than was the I case last year when the Russian I winter all but wrecked his east- I ern frout.	I
Allied planes undoubtedly will I play a conspicuous part in footing the Axis from Tunisia, but planes cannot do it all. An armored divi- I ion has been calculated to con- I sume 75,000 gallons of gasoline in its first 100 miles of march. I To carry that fuel by laud re- I quires 50 lorries. Each 100 miles I thereafter require another 60 lor- I rles, since the lorries themselves use up gasoline.	I
The United Nations are indeed I fortunate in holding the Atlantic ports of Morocco through which supplies, as needed, can be sent in case the U-boat menace looms large in the Mediterranean.
8

•f



—Brantford Expositor

Gladstone normally slept the moment he put his bead on the pillow and was not disturbed by a debate in the House but only by an unusual occurrence like the construction of a Cabinet. During the First Great War Lloyd George disciplined himself strictly at the table, went to bed about 10 o'clock, woke early, read memoranda, telegrams, newspapers, and sometime* dozed again before getting up for a » o'clock breakfast. During the day he snatched short spells of sleep.
r
WITHSTOOD A LOT • The human body is a wonderful Instrument.
Although he lived without water and had only one-half an orange to eat for twenty-two days Capt Edward V. Ricken-backer was in excellent shape when rescued from s rubber lifeboat in the mid-Pacifie, according te U. 8. Navy Pilot Lieutenant Joseph Isner.

«
t
Blzerte-Tunie Raide
Tobruk may be virtually out o# action while It is being repeatedly bombed. But when the bombing ceases It can soon be back In cooi-rolssion unless ships havo been sunk In crucial places. Even then no port Is completely out of tlon so long as there Is water. Damage to port installations, however, which was severe at Bengasi, considerably affects the amount of traffic which can be handled.
Air raids are reported to b+ already battering the Axis in the Bizerte-Tunls area, and heavy United Nations ground forces are said to be closing in on their objectives, but not until the enemy strength has been felt out and overcome can we be sure that our primary mission in North Africa has been attained.
However, Hitler realizes his danger full well, aud he has been pouring reinforcements Into Northern and Eastern Tunisia by air and sea ever since the Allies made their thrust. He Is reported to have withdrawn air support from his sorely pressed forces before Stalingrad and in the Caucasus In order to implement his struggle for a bridgehead in Tunisia, and German troops have been rushed to Southern France, Italy, and Greece.

'Siji

—Sault Ste. Marie Star
«

o±
HELPS TO EXPLAIN IT War orders placed in Canada by the United States so far total almost a billion dollars. That’s how ek>ee relations are between the two countries and it helps to explain why Canada has been able to pay its way without relying on lease-lend aid.
m




"For every purpose of business pleasure, mental or physical”, wrote Mr. Churchill, "we ought to break our days and our marches Into two. When I was at the Admiralty In the war I found 1 could add nearly two hours to my working effort by going to bed after luncheon.” And today as Prime Minister he Is reputed to continue the practice, to the discomfiture and disablement of his colleagues and chiefs of staff. The Duke of Wellington got up at 6 o’clock every morning and made appointments with Palmerston before breakfast; Mr. Churchill makes them for after dinner and prolongs them far Into the night
V K V
te)

Zr>?l

#•
MC
%

•j

V


I
/


Sault Daily Star
A BIT TOO THICK Remember hearing: "No matter how thin you slice it it is still baloney ?” Well, no matter how thin you spread it, the butter situation Is still a bit too thick.
—Woodstock Sentinel-Review
In three years the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan has grown from a vision and a few blueprints to a vital factor in the confident hopes of the United Nations. The Plan which already has placed thousande of trained airmen In the aerial fighting fronts of the world is still growing and its production of aircrew is still accelerating. Day in and day out, training planes of the BCATP in Canada fly an average of 2,000,000 miles. Trips to the moon are still fantastic but the distance travelled by training aircraft is approximately the equivalent of nine one-way trips to or from the moon.
COST OF DEFEAT Stalingrad, it is said, cost the Boche 3,300 men a day in killed alone over the 90-day siege. A terrific price even for victory— but Hitler paid it for a defeat.
—Ottawa Journal
CHRISTMAS IN PRE-WAR DAYS
NEW BOSS
By: George ML Speedte


himself for the most part to the Christmas stories he had heard at the Sunday School of which his parents were members. He told his stories differently to the other men. He was educated and had had experience on the Lakes as a sailor. All would have gone well but father and be had had a serious misunderstanding that drove the young chap to sea. Something opened the gates of memory and he thought of Home. There was a motto on the wall Just over his head "A Home From Home” which probably made him think of his home In Toronto. We encouraged him to talk of It for It was Christmas.
There were eight of us all told and we were gathered from widely different parte of the world. The Christmas season* Is always a special time when sailors foregather. Even aiter the lapse of years, I recall that big fellow from somewhere In South America, the two sailor lads from Glasgow and two from London—both pairs apparently anxious to compete for a prise In their line sense of humour. There was a man from Denmark, aleo; hot the one who Interested me more than others was a young sailor from Toronto.
It was Christmas Eve, and preparations for the celebration of Christmas were abundant Christmas tr could be had—lay at the end of the Hall, waiting for the sailors from the home vessels to erect In Us proper place and to decorate according to the usage of past
BRITAIN’S GREATEST WEAPON
Not since mid-summer of 1940 has there been any doubt about Britain’s greatest weapon and the source of her unconquerable strength. It is Winston Churchill.
—Detroit Free Press

Russian Counter-offensive
Pressure on the Russian Front Is being eased, and the Russian oounter-otfensive, perfectly timed to the United Nations push in North Africa, Is under way. German troops are said to be shunted first In one direction and then in another, and are being drawn from Norway and other lightly-held areas. Garrison duty Is being relegated to Austrian, Hungarian and Italian troops.
Taken as a whole, the bits of Information that come from Europe seem to form a composite that is none too favorable for the Axis cause, and indicate that Hitler at last bam been deprived of the benefit be has so long derived from being able to exercise the Initiative In projecting an off Ans-


HAVE NOTEBOOK HANDY Even a doctor will tell you the best thing to take when you are run down is a license number.
—Guelph Mercury


DEFLATED
Muaeolino must be feeling so all right now that he could crawl with ease through a stick of macaroni.
The


#
the largest that
perhaps,
Christmas was usually a qtaiet day at the Sailors’ Institute at Hamburg. For one thing the offices of the British Consulate downstairs were closed. The vessels going to the British Isles and the "Tramps” to all parts of the world had a free day as far as it could possibly be arranged, and the English people In Hamburg had their Christmas at home with their friends. It was the occasion for the quiet entertainment of “Boys away from Home”—lonely lads on the great sea of life, and onr Toronto friend was among them quiet heart to heart talks with him about his early experience of Sunday School and Church, and the Pilot of the Galilean Lake and he maid, 'T will arise and go to my Father.” Probably that Is not quite the exact way he phrased It but, looking back over the years, let me say that was the decision he reached on that Christmas Day years ago.
Strangely enough,
in
To Paul McNutt has been given the tremendous task of allocating all U. S. manpower, both in industry and the armed forces.
Hamilton Spectator
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher

lve
This place of meeting for those young sailors from all over the seven sees was tho British â American Sailors' Institute in pam-bnrg, Germany I was there for years a# the Chaplain to the sailors frequenting that great port. “Great” la permissible, for at that time it was the third or fourth largest port tn the world. On this Christmas Ehre we gathered around the Are. As Chaplain, I suggested that we each tell our best Christmas story. It was simple to get them to talk. The sailing ship stories were particularly Interesting. TT&e Toronto sailor confined

WILL-VUM.


4*
Duesseldorf Ruined
190,000 Homeless
*
\\

4

Dusseldorf is a ruined city wvUi “no lese than 190,000 people made cless" and an undetermined number killed, the Air Ministry news service said, quoting a letter written by one resklent to another in Berlin.
The letter, which reached i«uu-dou through neutral channels, said :
I
?
i 5
»

There were
&


I
\
lz
I
“You may thank Uod you got off to Berlin in time. On September 10 we had the biggest ‘blitz* over. The first raid was big enough, but no comparison with this one. It is impossible to exaggerate how bad it was. The bombardment at the front couldn’t be worse.
“The whole oi Duesseldorf was in flames . . . Duesseldorf ha# be come a régulai city of ruins, it is a pathetic sight. So less than 190,000 people were made homeless. Don’t know bow many were killed. Material damage is colossal.
“The night train to Berlin is still in the station. It was Just start ing when it got a direct hit. It was crushed like a machbox. ' “You wont know DuesM>ldorf again . . ."
V
British Colonial Empire Is Not Coining To End
BBS
(i

«

Yes, years have passed, and I am now In Toronto. When first I came, I looked up my friend of Hamburg days but changes had taken place. The house had been demolished. And so: we bad met and parted like ships meeting In the night—the pathos of it!
It Is surely a matter for thankfulness at this Chirstmas season that organizations such as the British Sailors’ Society are keeping open door and a hearty welcome to the Sailors of the Navy and of the Mercantile Navy all over the seven seas.


1
A
3

E
i1
I

isr



5
Lord Cranborne Asserts Citizens Have Mission To Do
!


\
X


Replying authoritatively to critics of Imperial policy, Lord Cranborne lecl&re;! not long ago that ’the British Colonial Empire Is not coming to an end.”
“The work we have to do Is only beginning,” the House of Lords
borne, retiring colonial secretary, who replaced Sir Stafford Cripps lord privy seal in the recent cabinet chakeup.
“We citizens of the British Empire have a mission to perform . . essential to the welfare of the world ... to ensure the survival of the way of life for which the United Nations are fighting and in harmony with the principles of the Atlantic charter,” he said.
“In that great mission we must not and shall not fall. ”
’’Let ui not forget," he said, "that what stood between Hitler and absolute victory in 1940 after the fall of France was not Britain, an Isolated Island • standing alone In the sea, but the British fibnp ire, that commonwealth of free 9 peoples and dependencies which only clung closer as the danger grew.”
‘We say, and truly, that the animate objective of our policy is piomote self-government in the
efitonies,” be said. .
Cl





Q>
3-/
»
told by Lord Cran-
1 brought home e poor report card. . . . What did you bring, Pop
. . , half your pay envelope 7“
Bluey and Curley of the Anzac»
“Africa Manoeuvres”
By Gurney (Australia)

HCW LOOK. <UPP05ikl<a THE MILK JUG IS BEN6HA1I. Th' BUTTER IS IKE AFRICAN COAST-
.„ OUR BOVS IS 1k' MUSTARD
PoT moving along past „ The Jam spoon . ... see / .
There s Muss os mob - ikis
'ERE PLATE or TBiPE. Iff

WHERE S
MUSSOS
Yeah,
60 ON
/,
>S~~
\
-It"
MOB
»#

r
'///


y a
NS
V

»
-nHf.
*

u ti
c

0
T,
)
t



£7
0
/

t
¦TV
/P
r*
//
7
\
X
A
\

###PAGE###4###
4
11
change in time of departure of the Mon. day morning train from Waltham^ which prévenu much week end truffle
...	Tv . ..... .049 out of Uiuw. by people trout ibe I Tiovim-e of Quebec
ShaWVllm,	l'ec, ol8t	County now residing in Ottawa, and m | Municipality of Jlarendon
notick
PUBLIC NOTICE
THE EQUITY

Best Lunch for Children Described by Nutritiwst

î
Patriotism, points out nutritionist Miss Elizabeth Jensen, University ol Illinois college of agriculture, rests in what goes into a school child's dinner pail as well as his saluting
the flag at school.
Since the streamlined version or the good old-fashioned dinner pail orovides a sanitary, safe way to carry a 1 wide -variety of nourishing foods, it is a school child's symbol of trying to keep healthy and strong for victory as he marches down the road.
Only by having a sturdy dinner pail can Johnny and Mary carry to school the bottle of milk, or the vegetables and fruits and other vitamin-rich foods which, in addition to the proverbial sandwiches, make for keen minds, athletic bodies and substantial citizens.
Paper sacks may have been a convenience but so have cars and yet American citizens are cheerfully giving up this luxury for victory. Miss Jensen added. The metal dinner pail protects more than food; it protects the child himself.
A typical school lunch which Miss Jensen would recommend to the child attending a one-room rural-school would include substantial cheese sandwiches made with enriched bread spread generously with butter; a crisp, raw carrot; tomato juice in a glass jar, and some stuffed prunes rolled in sugar. Even though cheese is used in the sandwiches, milk is essential in every luncheon.
-aseoi an unsatisfactory reply on the
## BP ifiSS
Townships of Alleyn and Cawood : M ,he nmttvr b |ell for further discussion k held in the same Ha l on MonVisit bee Chart rand, Mayor of Allumette ( lbe |j4lc|, ^ssion when the estimates day, January th, eommeii ingi eg it Island ; Thos. J. McGuire, Mayor of (or 1£)13 ire ^sidertd.	a. m. and contmnmg to 6 o’clock
Allumette Island East ; Robt. B. Lars A discussion ensues upon the well, Mayor of Bryson ; J. Nelson tit bility of influencing the Government to
Lellan, Mayor of Kriatol ; John bween- reconsider the many request# made ou ey. Mayor of Chichester ; w. li. wrr, behalf 0f this Council tu be permitted
Mayor-of Clarendon ; M. Ferdinand lo U8e the facilities of the Court House Racine, Mayor of the l nited Townships at ^mpbell s Bay as a place in which of Leslie, Claphaic, etc.; M. Orner I u- lQ |)0|c| t|je sessions ot County Council, fault, Mayor of Grand Calumet ; J as. refeienCe is made to the useot the build H Pee fer. Mayor of Li U*h field; Andrew jogs by the different Victory L^n cam-
Daley, Mayor ot Onslow North ; o. p^jg^ ihe Red Crow Society and the Wyman MacKechnie, of Mayor Onslow	Service Bureau and it is felt
South ; Cbas. Brink worth, Mayor ot	pame privilege should be ac-
tag° du Fort ; James Daley, Mayor	this Council, since it will actually
... Quyon ; G. Gold win Mel oweli, uae ^ on|y four d*y* jD each year. It Mayor of Shawville ; Simon Downey, move(i by Cr Carswell, seconded by Mayor of the United Townships ot ^ Jas Peever, that the members of this
Waltham and Bryson, forming a quorum (jouncj| individually press upon Mr.
of the Council, the Secretary-Treasurer (j. Lswn, M L A, the imperative
being present.	need for more suitable quarters for the
On motion of Crs Barr and ^ weeney, bolding of the sessions of the County the minutes of the regular quarterly gjottOC1| and that he use his best efforts of September are adopted as *cure the use of the Court House it
___	, .	.	Campbell’s Ray tor the use of the
Cr S. Wyman McKechnie rises to pay y^jons of County Council —Carried tribute to the memory of Cr r. H. Me-	§weeney gives notice of motion to
Cann, who, since the session of Septem- introducte a by law levying a rate of ber, has passed on to his etern*|	taxation for the year, 11)43, at the next
Cl McKecbnie moves, seconded by vr ^g^^y session ol Council, and as this McLellan, that the Secretary be here- ^en| concludes the bus-ness of the ses-with instructed to convey the condo!-	b j8 luuVed by Cr McLellan and
cnees of this County Council, to t e g^conded by Cr Dulault, that this meet-widow and family of the late I. ri. Me- ¦ t|i, now adjourn.—Carried Cann, who passed away with tragic suddenness in September last.—Carried The Secretary submits the correspondence received sii.ee the last regular session : a communication from Dr. H. 1.
Hardman, of Bryson, again requesting Council to relieve him of the duties as County Representative on the Board ot Directors of the Pontiac (immunity Hospital, ie first to be dealt with. After discussion, it is moved by Cr McConnell, seconded by Cr Jas Daley, that this Municipal Council regretfully accepts the request of Dr. Hurd man to revoke his appointment as County Representative on the Board of Directors ot 1 ontiac Community Hospital, and herewith suggests the name of Mr. S. Wyman McKee Imie as an appointee whom this Council would request the Hospital Board to accept as Representative in the land stead of Dr, Hurd man-
/a

>
% >
LH I
I». ill	_.
Given at Shaw vil le, Que., this 2Ctli day of December, 11)42.
J. A DK AN
SecTrva*
We Thank You!
Meaning *f ‘Dark Horse*
The phrase, dark horse, which is attached to an unheralded or last-minute candidate is associated by tradition to the horse of an enterprising man by the name of Sam Flynn. Sam, a Tennessean, was a horse trader by profession.! When a race was held it was Sam's custom to saddle his best horse, “Dusky Pete," and ride him into town with the intention of giving him an unprepossessing appearance. Eventually the race arrived where the field was crowded with local favorites and the betting rose to a keen pitch. The crowd laughed at the old fool who was betting on his black hag, but one of the judges, a shrewd appraiser of horses, looked at Pete and reputedly said: “Gentlemen, there's a dark horse in this race that will make some of you sick before sup-They were very sick.
We have gained many friends and customers establishing business in Shawville and wish to thank all for their patronage
May the New Year
I
since

For

we
of
and gocdfellowehip. bring brighter and happier days for all.
V
rr


seaAion read.
. ¦
t

§

Plenty of Dynamite Used Even During Peaceful Days
Commercial explosives, not used directly in war but extremely vital to the war effort, are being produced this year in quantities approximating an all-time high. It is possible that the United States will use 450,000,000 pounds of dynamite this year.
In normal times, the United States consumes on the average 1,000,000 pounds of dynamite each day. In addition, some 60,000,000 pounds of black powder are used annually for commercial purposes.
Commercial explosives should not be confused with military explosives. Dynamite cannot be shot from a gun or used as a bursting charge in shells. Black powder has been eliminated as a propellant in modern warfare. On the other hand, smokeless powder and trinitrotoluene (TNT), widely used in war, are not suitable for commercial work.
But dynamite and other commercial explosives are essential to war production in wqys no less important than are the explosives to Are the guns. War production demands increasingly greater amounts of metal and other raw materials—oil, coal, cement, stone, potash, iron, copper, sulphur, salt-all of which arc gathered with the aid of explosives.
Mining is first in importance In the uses of these commercial explosives. Even in normal times more than 100,000,000 pounds of explosives ire needed annually in the United States to mine coal. Upwards of ’55,000,000 pounds are used to mine
hi
bo.
per
*
Lawrence 8. McNally Secretary-Treasurer
Gasoline Companies Combine
Gasoline and oil companies in the state of Victoria, Australia, have agreed to sacrifice brands and individual marketing interests for the duration of the war in order to comply with the government policy relating to rationalizing of transport and economy of manpower.
In accordance with this decision 12 companies formed an organization to take care of all marketing. Each company, according to its capacity, will supply a quota of men, depots, vehicles and other equipment. Gasoline sold by the new company would be branded “Pool Gasoline." The new organization is registered as “Pool Petrol Proprietary Limited."	j

Correspondence
Dear Mr. Editor :
Waging a war require* soldiers, sailors and airmen. Sbawville has supplied them in creditable numbers and they have brought bououi to their home.
Waging a war requires munitions. By a splendid response to public appeal» we are supplying our share ol them.
Waging ot war requires a steady supply ot bandages, medicihe and blood tor the wounded. Through the lied Cross we are meeting these needs.
Waging a war requires all these efforts and our record in them is good; but winning the war requires something further— the help of Almighty God.
We recognize that to expect the help of God, without paying Him homage; to expect Victory and Peace and a new world modelled on the Kingdom of God, without first acknowledging the authority and claims of our Heavenly King, would be, at the best, a foolish dream and, at the worst, a blasphemous impertinence. We dare not claim God as being on our side, unless we are prepared to be on His side.
With this in mind, may 1, through your columns, remind the community that next Sunday, January 3rd, is one of the days *et aside, by Royal Proclamation, as a day of National Prayer.
I would urge the duty of absolutely every citizen to find a place of worship on that day to make public admission of bis private faith in God, and to pray earnestly, sincerely and humbly for Gods blessing on uur efforts to protect the things we cherish, and to build a better world.
For Victory and lasting Peace all are hoping, most are saving; many are working; some have died. Let us all pray
N.O.Horner's old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE.
I
f
For Beautiful
room
Cr McLellan rises to remark upon the many and varied ways in which this Council has been aided and benefited by the retiring Representative on the Hospital Board, and moves that tois Council desires to give expression herewith ot its appreciation for the very excellent representation it has had on the Board of the Pontiac Community Hospital, in the person of Dr. Hurd man, and in relieving him of future duty in the office, desire to wish him continued gond health and many years in which to enjoy his well earned leisrue. Motion seconded by Cr Carswell and carried.
Council next proceeds to the examination of the expense accounts of Councillors attending tha sessions of 1942, following which it is moved by Cr Carswell, seconded by Cr A. Daley, that this meeting adjourn to one-thirty o’clock, p, m.. and carried.
The Council re-assembles at one-thirty o'clock with the same members present who attended the morning session bills of accounts to hand are submitted, aud it is moved by Cr Carswell, second ed by Cr Dufault, that the set rebuy treasurer be herewith authorized to pay the following accounts, viz : Village of Quyoti, wreath re. late P. H. McCann,
610.35 ; The Equity, Shaw ville, print ing minutes of sessions, 825.00 ; Cor poration of Campbell’s Bay, rent of Council hall, $35.00 ; L. 8. McNally, balance salary, rent and lestage,
$245.t6 ; Sessional expense $442 00.—-Carried.
It is next moved by Cr Peever seconded by Cr Chart rand, that the secretary treasurer be authorized to pay the accounts for sessional expense of Messrs.
J. W. Corrigan, Mayor, Fort Coulonge. and M Enchère Mousseau, Mayor of Mansfield and Pontefract, when they aie presented.—Carried.
C> McKechnio requests that the rcspondence had with the Canadian Pacific Railway Co., relative to the accommodations provided for passenger service on the Waltham branch, be resubmitted, in order that Council might discuss this matter again in the light of recent alterations in the schedules which in operation at the time said correspondence was first received ; he sub miU that many residents from the County engaged in war work in the City of Ottawa, have, because of the alterations made in train schedules, been forced to remain in the city in circumstances which they had been able to alleviate, when they could return hom<* at interval* to have necessary laundering and repairs made to clothing and to secure replenishment of food supplies since many of them were forced, because of conditions in Ottawa, to teed themselves or dépend to a great extent upr/t the supplementary food they n?ecure< Tenders will be received by the under when home on week ends, He move» signed up to January 2nd.	for
seconded by Cr Chart rand, that th« cedar squares 8x8, 6x* and 8x1 S; 16 ft. secretary bt ioitrncted to approach the , no other ai*e accepted. 80 per-¦Caaadian Pacilk Railway Co., and re-, wn, t0 t,e &xS.	,	•
.<jueei that they put on * Sunday trail!	.1. A.DKAX,
Cemetery Memorials
laps Aid Lady's Wardrobe '
The Japanese, despite' the war, •till providing silk for Milady's underthings.	f:
A young woman missionary, according to a letter to her parents in Ipswich, Queensland, managed to escape from Gone, in Papua, before the Japanese arrived, but she had to leave hurriedly and without any wardrobe to speak of.
Providentially, a Japanese plane shot down by an Australian fell near her jungle camp. In the wreckage
things.
are
Write or phone.
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
!

Phone. 278
All
Can You Afford to Pass Up
15% to 20% Saving on Feed Costs?
Yours sincerely,,
Rev. K. V. Bolton
I
NOTICE
I wish to inform the public that my woolen null will likely be closed lor the winter months after January let, 1943. All persons desiring to have work done will please bring it in without further
delay
V

% 1
J a ARMSTRONG
Shaw ville, Que.
oats and */j scratch grain, your feed may cost as much as 15% to 20% less. This mash is wonderfully balanced in feed values. It’s the Vitamin Boost in Ful-O-Pep that gives hens many of the healthful benefits of fresh spring pasture. Ful-O-Pep contains essential vitamins, proteins, and minerals so beneficial to poultry health and profitable production. Helps hens lay all the eggs they were bred to lay. Make a point to see us soon and get ail the detail».
• Feed Ful-O-Pep Egg Mash, with % whole oats, and Vs scratch grains. You may pocket a saving of as
15% to 20%.
Here’s a way to help yourself enjoy real profit from poultry this Fall. It’s a plan thousands of successful poultrymen follow. Simply feed the Ful-O-Pep Way that may save you up to 15% to 20% on
cost of feeding for heavy egg production. With Vs Ful-O-Pep Egg-Mash, % whole
uch as
LOGS WANTED
I I

cor
High cash prive* paid for White Pine, Red Pine and Spruce I/'g* delivered on the Ottawa River.
Write nr telephone H. R, Lux am at Campbell's Bay, Que.
GILLIES BROS., Limited
were
FARM FOR SALE
Lot 16c Binge 5 of the Township of Clarendon. Containing about SO actes. Easy terms may be arranged. Apply to Elwood Dal*, Hh aw ville, or C. L Dalk, U?» London Bd. Guelph, Ont.
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, «eg.
1
Tenders Wanted
AUTHORIZED QUAKER FEED DEALERS
Main Street
Telephone 126

awkward tituatioo created by the recent
###PAGE###5###

FT
1



*









- t


Look Here

Service ‘Announcement»




" ¦5 '
- -. .


For Sale, Wants, Found,
Lost, etc.


».


, ï , i

Natiwl tkjéfnftr


r

SSAWTILLS ülflTEÜ UEUKLII
_	„ LOST— Between Y Arm and Rbaw-
Rrv À. F. Tone* B. A., H D. pAStor | ville, a gentleman’* brown kid glote,
right bend; and a leftF band mitt, with woolen mitt inaid* Finder kindly leave at Equity Office.
r



11.00 b. m. Serf ice at Shawville
1.30	p. m—Service at Zion
3.30	p. m—Service at Stark* Cor





ner*

LOST— On Saturday morning in Sbawville a sum of money in bills. Finder kindly call The Equity. Reward offered.

Sermon Subject

“1943—A year of hope'
' 7.30 p. m —Service at Sbawville Picture service, a message on heroes,
ancient and modern , illustrated by 50 I II	I	B
colored slides and a number of illustrât calves, registered ; a quantity of 21 inch
I dry furnace wood, birch and maple, by coming I Apply to Norvxl Kslooub, Sbawville.
Phone 11-81.
New Year
Greetings
.*


V


FOR SALE - Two Hol.tein bull

ed hymns.
Start the New tear well to church Sunday. -

*
*è

a •
» r
>
LOST—At Sbawville Tneatre or on Main Street on Thursday night. Nov. 20th, a lady a wrist watch. Finder kindly return to the Equity Office.
ANGLICAN
Rkv. K. C. lh»LTo9, BA., L.Th
.
New Year’s Eve
St. Paul,s Watchoigbt service—11.30-
National hay of Prayer, Jan. 3rd. I--------------------
St Paul1»	J * FOR SALE—Seven bacon type hog»,
8uod.d Mcbooland Bible CIm.—10.00 Holÿ Communion- 11 00 a. m Evening Prayer—7.30 p, m
With • clear understanding and full appreciation of what your patronage has meant to me during the years I have been in busi-
I wish all friends and customers a



0
ness,
Prosperous and Happy New Year.
ft

FOR RENT—Three rooms suitable for small family or School children with or without hoard. Apply to Mrs. H Teltobd, Main Street, West, Sbawville.
Holt Trinity
Tf

Evening Prayer—3.00 p ni

« * *-
; Nobth Class*dos Pa own Rev. P, it. Stotb, in charge
ChtrcerU—
Holy Communion—10.30 a. m. Greer Mount
Holy Communion—3 00 p. m
Thorne Centre-
Lantern slide*— 7.30 p in
North Onslow:
FOR RENT—One bed room. Apply toO, A, HdWAID, Sbawville, Phone 39.
t > '
A Happy and
Prosperous
New Year to All
1943
COMING UP
r
/
Leo R. Keen

General Merchant
Tuesday, Jan. 5ih Loitern slide*—8.00 p. to
Quebec
McKee
In appreciation ol our pleas ont business relation» we value this opportunity of wishing you a Happier New Year.
Clarendon Ciw;t it Bkv. N. T. Holme*. Pastor
Service At Radford—11.00 a. ni Service at Bristol— 3/K) p. m. Service at Yarn®—7.30 p ni.
J. P, Wilson
Bristol United Church . . Lay Minister Mr Leslie Dean 11.00 a. m.—Service at St. Andrews 21.A p m—Sunday School 2.30 p. m.—Service at Knox
Service a; Austin
Main Street Sbawville Quebec
Phone 40
We take this opportunity to thank our
friends for the confidence they have placed
trust that we
during	and
have the pleasure of serving you i
we
in us
8.00 p. m
in
may
Cemetery Donations
Dr D. J. Campbell, Treasurer of the I village Cemetery Improvement Fund, ni4ttbwttdg<4 wittl thank*, the fallowing donation»:—
* Bella and Loi* Smiley..
Arthur Caldwell ........
Jobn It. Corrigan ----
Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Elliott I Clifford Horner ....
M ri Chris. Caldwell M rs. Len Kelly ....
Mrs. A. W. Gay 1er .
1943.
Revival Meetings
A HAPPV
and
PROSPEROUS NEW YEAR TO ONE AND ALL
2 00
5 00
mm
2 00
5 00
\

#

2 00
5 00
2 00
• •
3 00
John H. McDowell, treasurer of tht Maple Grove Cemetery Improvement Fund, acknowledges with thank», the following donation»*—
Chas A. Smiley. ...
Mr# 8am Wood#.......
Arthur Caldwell.....
Mr#. Donald Baker.


2 00
?
2 00 2 CO
2 00
The Hedging Lumber Go-
RAF Not Giving Rest
To Karlsruhe Citizens
Karlsruhe means “Charles' rest”
but the “rest" was seriously dis- ____
turbcd by RAF bombers. The city I was left ablaze after a bomber visit. |:
Capital of Baden, ' this Upper I Rhineland city had a population of II 135,000, says a bulletin from the Na- I tjonal Geographic society. It rose I on its present site in 1715, but its II early development was haphazard. II A definite character began to appear I after 1800 in the public and private II buildings designed by the Rome- m trained architect Friedrich Wein- II brenner. Their style was plain but III
elegant.	II
* Karlsruhe had many “sights" to III show its visitors, and a variety of II hotels and restaurants for their ac- II commodation.' Public gardens and B wooded parks invited traveler and III citizen alike. Music came with the II meals served at several cafes. II Notable features of the city’s cul- III Curai life were its art galleries, mu- II seums, and libraries. The technical II college was one of the oldest in Ger- II many.	II
Conspicuous in every view of the I city was the 138-foot lead watch tow- I er of the Schloss, an ornate building I on -which more than 20 streets con- II verged. Among othei local distinc- ¦ were two street*—Karl Fried- j I rich and Kaiser, the latter the main j east and west traffic artery. The jlj iew order in Germany was recog-1| nized with the naming of a square I
Platz.	V

Rev. George Kelly
k
Revival services "Will (D. V.) coir» in the Standard Church, Shaw
gWMT, ¦¦¦¦Ml ville, Sunday, J n. 3rd, 1943. with Rev,
O. Ke.ley Evangeliwi.
Sund y services will be at 11.00 a. in. and 8 no p. m, and every night through the week	Saturday, at
8 uo o’e^ick.
We extend a hearty invitation to all.
R. 4. ROBERTSON
Fast or
*
1943
New York Stale Com Crop Prospects Are Excellent
There is every prospect of an ex--cellent com crop throughout the state of New York this year, according to Dr. F. P. Bussell of the New York State college of agriculture.
STRAYED
At the approach of the New Year we take time out to thank our friends and customers for the confidence they have placed in us year after year.
May the coming year bring everyone happiness and a smashing Victory for our fighting forces.
On to the premises of the undersigned on or about October 1st, a black and white steer. Owner may have same by proving property and paying expense-'
Phone 23-42

Plenty of moisture and heat has produced corn a foot higher than is usual on most farms. This will boost the crop of seed com made up of the varieties best suited for ensilage and grain production, says
Dr. Bussell.	... M
He stated that about 1,300 acres of hybrid field corn is being grown in the state for seed this year, and It Is likely that 43,000 bushels of seed will be produced or enough to plant 100,000 acres of com next season.
in line with the shift to hybrid corn for grain and ensilage, says Dr. Busaell, to the fact that nearly all of the 34,000 aires of sweet form, lf Hjll
In 4»ze of ear and better quality of product are given as the reason for
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ONE AND ALL
Parma Moylk,
Marl and, Que
•tons
Tenders Wanted
JOHN L. HODGINS and STAFF
Teodors will be received by the undersigned up to January 2nd. J94 3, for wood for all rural schools and for the Sbawville High School, wood for the rural schools to be two ft. long, and for the High School three ft. Jong. All wood to consist of Hard Maple, Yellow Birch and Beech, body wood, all wood at rural schools to be piled in the

THE CORMER STORE
La
ioaps and perfumes. It was an apportant transportation junction. Reg alar plane service included Berlin, Frankfort, Dusseldorf, and Essen
|
harbor canal.
¦¦¦¦J
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts. HAWVILLE
this.

Market reports indicate that sweet com prospects in New York state a crop 8 per cent above the Bee-year average, bat ft per cent less than ths 1941 crop.gggggl
wn was the Rhine i by a mile-long

•	w.V
f
€L
VN. A 4RW
w Bee. TteAsurer
$

lui








###PAGE###6###


>

Ontario Hospital Plays Dual Role
Hospital For Sick Children, Toronto, Needs Help
TABLE TALK
NOT A PICNIC
Christmas Eve In Hitler’s Reich
DESERT MULLIGAN
mm
r-;1
n»
«
w..

k ‘ w#

8ADIB B. CHAMBERS
fli
.S
<r -


Will Be Nelthbh Tranquil Nor Holy TB J# Y tar
thristmas Eve haa always meant much to Germane, say» the New York Times. Every family feasted and looked forward to a cheerful new year, government Is doing Its best to make the moat of the traditional spirit. There are to bo special rations for the civilian population ami one kilo of peas or beans, one of flour and sugar and a large sausage for every soldier on leave, while Czechs. Voles, Greeks, Frenchmen and Yugoslavians starve. All tills, Germans are already told, Is made possible by good harvests at home and the exploitation of occupied countries. Thus are conquest and Hitler's nceptlou of peace on earth and will toward men to be Justified.
Will the German people content themselves with this? They know that the little extra mea to be doled out comes from cattle slaughtered for lack of fodder, that six million foreigners who are forced to labor must be fed, that thousands of Ukrainians and Russians brought into Germany must be provided with shoes, that the health of the country is in a precarious state, and that the strictest control is necessary even In foreign countries to prevent inflation. Worst of all Is thp problem of national health. With only one physician left for every 12,000 civilians, Germany faces a medical collapse which must have far-reaching effects on war production. The tuberculosis rate Is vising so rapidly that a new national organization has been created to take the place of divers state, private, city and party institutions. Diphtheria, pneumonia and other infectious diseases are taking more than the usual toll. The death rate for live births and for the age group between one and 20 years has beeu rising alarmingly. Such is the shortage of medicines that the lines at drug stores are as long as those at food shops. Hospitals are so overcrowded with wounded soldiers that civilians must be cared for at home, chiefly by their families.
Despite the attacks on the church, Germans will sing "Stille Nacht, Heillge Naeht” (Silent Night, Holy Night) as of yore. But this Christmas Eve will he neither tranquil nor holy. The older generation will heave a nostalgic sigh when it contrasts it with its predecessors of happier times. “Stille Nacht, Heilige Nacht”— the sentiment must seem a mockery now. And all because a ruling clique led by a fanatic has yet to discover that the precepts of the great religions express age-old convictions of civilized mankind and stand for something more than the imaginary predestination of any one nation to rule the world.
Happy New Year
To All
* *

X
- ?
i
>*
*>
?f

mi
t*
m





It sometimes happens that very young babies, who have been abandoned bv their parents, find their to the Hospital for Sick Children. Toronto.
Not long ago a three-weeks-old baby girl was found late in the evening. crying on the doorstep of a private dwelling. The infant was wrapped in warm clothes and appeared to have had the best of attention. There was no clue as to the parent*.
Police were called, and the baby was taken to the Hospital for Sick Children, where she was given a warm welcome by the night staff. -Welcome little sister,H said ths nurse who took the infant from the eoat and two blankets In which it was wrapped. ¦¦¦¦ enjoy yourself." the nurse continued, as the little one laughed at her in glee as if she knew she had found a new home.
Who knows what tragic story lies behind this incident. But perhaps It brought some grain of comfort to the mother’s heart to know that her little brown-eyed baby was in such capable hands.
How wonderful tt would be if ¦ every case ended as. happily as this one! But all too often there Is a sombre side to the story. • <*"
For well over half a century the Hospital for Sick Children has been a sanctuary for the sick and crippled children from every part of Ontario. Accident cases; children with deformed backs and limbs; defective eyesight; rare diseases and physical disabilities; all arc cared for and nursed back to health, regardless of race, creed or the ability of parents to pay the cost of hospitalization.
This worthy institution which accepts its little patients regardless of race, creed or financial circumstances has just started its annual Christmas appeal for funds to meet an unavoidable deficit, and to enable its work to be continued in just as effective a manner as in the past.
This year $138,000 must be raised. Government grants have not risen with the tremendously increased costs of the past three years of war.
No help is received from the Toronto Federation for Community Service because of the fact that patients are admitted to the Hospital from every part of the Province.
There is dire necessity behind this appeal for help. Little children depend on it for their chance for health. Your gift should be mailed to the Appeal Secretary, The Hospital for Sick Children, 67 College Street, Toronto.
A chance for health and happiness Is the greatest possible gift to little children.
S K
.
fi.
1 feel I could do no better them repeat to you for New Years the message for Christgias. TTiere are so many, many reasons for which to be happy in this Christian land of ou;s, in spite of much sadness and anxiety. Td make this happiness real may we all resolve with all earnestness to do our part to be worthy of the “Brotherhood of Man," and be worthy of the Victory, which we know is going to be ours.
Eg#:
‘t
way
%

Accordingly Hitler's
W

Ws

\
;r
i
L *

•
T
r
<


Vv

,x


m
V
1


I

NEW YEARS DINNER MENU ;
Grapefruit and Orange Cocktail • (topped with cherry)
Roast Goose Savoury Dressing
Giblet Gravy	*
Mashed Potatoes Glazed Onions Tomato Jelly Salad (Served on lettuce with salad
’ dressing)
Mock Mince Pie Beverage of Choice
Savoury Dressing
Mash potatoes finely, season with onion, sage, salt and pepper. Apples may be substituted for the potatoes. Do not fill the fowl more than two thirds full.
Glazed Onions 24 small white onions 2 tablespoons butter 6 tablespoons sugar 2 teaspoons water Peel onions and cook in boiling salted water until tender. Drain. Melt butter, add sugar and water; add onions. Simmer long enough to glaze and brown the surface of the onions.
¦
“Kick around and

1

/

L
I


i
H*

* -s
ÆP

I
*' v

f


%
-»
Wv*<
«eUKwJ?
* 4»'
)

a4»*
Huddled around a campfire, member* pf an an ti-tank crew, on the march near Safi, Morocco, cook up a stew while one of their members peer* through field glasses a* he stands guard.
bookcase filled with brightly-bound volumes and colorful pottery. It was the kind of a room she had dreamed about.
She followed the young man into the dining room with Its graceful Duncan Phyfe furniture,
“This apartment belongs to an elderly lady who has lived hero for years," her guide was explaining. “Her husband died recently and she has to economize now. So she asked us to sublet the apartment while she is away on a trip with a friend. She left all of her furnishing intact, even to her Haviland china, and we’ll have to be careful whim we rent to."
His eyes were mischievous as they met Enid’s. “I don't suppose you have more than four or five children.**
The pale rose that crept up under her transparent smooth skin was very becoming. “No—I’m not married. You see—’* she had rehearsed this painstakingly so that it would sound natural, “l only want a place for about a month. I’m a fashion artist and I’ve come here looking for a position in one of the stores. If I don’t get one I’ll have to go back home."
He moved through the dining room. “Hadn’t you better look the rest of the place over?"
There was a bedroom with gorgeous mirrors, a tiled hath, and a diminutive white and yellow kitchen. Her common sense was vanquished.
“I love it," Enid breathed, “it's just what I want."
But what if the rent was more than she could pay, or what if the young man asked for credentials? She’d look rather silly referring him to the office and having him find out that she was a $20 a week stenographer.
• SERIAL STORY
WHEN A GIRL MARRIES

BY RENE RYERSON MART
tx
THE STORY: Enid Sharon he. accepted Tom Driscoll's proposal but is not sure of her love, knows that she doesn't want to marry immediately. She puts him off with a made-up excuse about having to take a business trip with one of her employers. Returning from her evening with Tom, Enid finds her parents are about to take a month's vacation at a lake resort. Enid decides to invest her savings in a “spree” of her own, goes to look at a furnished apartment. A blond young man, whose face is famTiar, answers the door.
the seat were gone and it was am comfortable as sitting on a rock pile. She remained poised gingerly on the edge of the seat, fearing that even her slight weight might wreck it.
The young man smiled more broadly sensing her predicament “1 think you’d he more comfortable over here on the lounge. That chair is strictly for ornamental purposes."
Flushing with confusion, Enid changed her seat to the deep-cushioned divan he indicated. He nodded his satisfaction, excused himself, and vanished.
Mock Mince Pie
1	% cups seeded raisins
4 medium-sized tart apples Grated rind of 1 orange Juice of 1 orange M cup of fruit juice or cider \ cup sugar (less if fruit juice sweet)
% teaspoon cloves M teaspoon mace 8 tablespoons finely crushed cracker crumbs
2	tablespoons white corn syrup Chop the raisins; pare, core and
slice the apples. Combine raisins and apples. Add orange rind, orange juice and other fruit juice.
Cover in saucepan and simmer until apples are soft. Stir and add sugar, spices and cracker crumbs, blending well.
Sufficient filling for 1 medium sized pie.
:
>

ENID TAKES THE PLUNGE
CHAPTER IV
Enid looked curiously around The room was long, with
her.
plain yellow walls, and carpeted from wall to wall with a rich red carpeting that matched in color the divan on which she sat. Op* posite her was the most enormous desk she had ever seen. She was staring at it with fascinated eyes when the man came back.
Puzzled, by the unexpected familiarity of the face before her, it was a moment before Enid found her voice. She couldn't remember ever having seen the man before, and yet she had a feeling that she ought to know who he was.
t
)
All Battleships
Called Warships
I've come to inquire about the apartment for rent,” she managed at last.
He smiled a quick and easy smile. “Oh, yes, of course. The janitor usually shows these apartments, but he's not here just now." He held the door wider. x “If you’ll just step in a moment, I'll get the keys and show it to you.”
Enid stepped timidly into the room and subsided into the chair nearest the door. It was a straight chair with a rounded back and thin curved legs and covered with a greenish brocade. She discovered too late that it was an authentic antique. The springs in
«•
He had discarded his dressing gown and was more properly clad in gray slacks with a blue shirt and tie. He went to the great desk, carelessly pulled out a drawer and took a bunch of keys.
“That desk—" Enid said timidly. “I've never seen anything like it. Is it an antique, too?"
He was obviously pleased at her interest. He smiled his pleasant smile again. “It's an antique all right It’s made out of an old rosewood piano that my , great-great-grandmother brought over with her from England. My mother handed it on to me when I fitted up this bachelor apartment"
All battleships arc warships, but all warships are not battleships, says the Windsor Star.
Every vessel of war is called a warship. But, the battleships are the big warships. They are the giant fellows of from 25,000 to 60,000 tons. They carry 12-inch, 15-inch, or 16-inch guns ar well as smaller armament
Mias Chum hr re welcomes personal
letters fr«u* Interested reader*. She
la pleased to receive suggestion# on topics for her column, and la
your i pet peeves.** Requests lor recipes er special menus are la order. Address your letters to -Miss Sadie II. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto.** Send stamped eelf-nddressed
vn ready ta listen to
envelope If you wish a revie
In the United States, the battle-•hips are named for states. The aircraft carriers are named for battles. The cruisers are named for cities.
Best Wood Fuels
MOVIE MIRACLE
She needn’t have worried. As a landlord the young man was extremely lax.
“Well, I guess that’s all then. Mrs. Alton said I was to let it for just the rent of the apartment if I could find a suitable couple.” Again his eyes twinkled mischievously. “That’s $75 a month.’’
“I’ll take it,” Enid said quickly. “I’ll give you a cheque now.” She’d better hurry before he changed his mind. She sat down at the secretary and took out her bank book and fountain pen. “To whom do I make out the cheque?”
“I guess it will be all right if you make it out to me. My mother owns this place. And I live here. So I take care of things when Jim’s not on the job.” Enid supposed Jim was the absent janitor. “Henry Holliday’s the name,” he finished cheerfully.
Enid paused with her pen in mid-air. Henry Holliday know now why he looked so familiar to her. That was the name of the doctor she had read about in the paper, the man whose face she had admired. She felt her color coming again as she hastily wrote and handed him the cheque.
He didn’t bother to glance at it “When will you be moving in?”
“Over the week-end, if that’s all right.”
“Certainly. Well, here’s your key—and I hope you like it.”
Enid lay awake for hours after she went to bed that night. She was too excited to sleep. And when at last her eyes closed, she sank into a mad welter of dreams in which new apartments and blond young men with toothbrush mustaches were hopelessly mixed.
(Continued Next Week)
The best hardwood fuels are beech, yellow birch, rock elm, hickory, hard maple and onk. It has been shown that about one and one-quarter cords of such wood have the same heating value as one ton (2,000 lbs.) of coal.
And, the destroyers
are named for people.
The battleships are the capital •hips of the line. I


Enid apologized. “1 didn't mean to be curious.” •
“That’s all right,” he assured her. “Do you like antiques?”
“I—that is—I don’t know. I’ve never seen many ” The words were out before Enid realized that they made her seem ignorant. “1 mean,” she amended hastily, “that I never paid much attention to them.”
She was vexed with herself and her even upper teeth caught the edge of her lower lip.
SOFT TREATMENT
They are the warships which form the backbone of a fleet
i
%
3%

-U_J

CHRISTMAS DINNER UP-TO-DATE

la1®
By BARBARA B. BROOKS
The Christmas dinner includes, of course, the proverbial turkey and dressing, cranberries, steaming plum pudding or mince pie, but there are new versions of even these traditional dishes. Try Spiced Oven-Popped Cereal with the tomato juice for the first course. • The turkey will be something more than super stuffed with a fluffy cereal dressing. Chiffon Mince Pie is a modern recipe for an old favourite. Here are some up-to-date additions to the festive meat:
Spiced Oven-Popped Cereal
j % teaspoon
Few grains pepper cups oven-popped cereal JLM ¦ 1 cup roasted, salted peanuts Melt butter in heavy frying pan; add mustard seed, cover, and cook until seeds begin to pop. Add curry powder, salt, cinnamon, pepper, cereal and peanuts. Stir constantly until cereal and peanuts are thoroughly heated and combined with seasonings. Serve as an appetizer.
r-HJ
m
Mykfrc

-I

lit

He smiled again broadly. “Well, you’re much too young and pretty to bother your head about antiques anyway.”
Enid wasn’t accustomed to being complimented, and her flush deepened. In an embarrassed silence she followed him down the corridor to one of the apartment doors near the front of the building. He didn’t know which key on the ring fitted the door, and it took some minutes by the trial and error method to find the right one.
“This is a furnished apartment,” he said as the door finally swung open. “Is that what you wanted ?”
Enid nodded her head and drew a sharp breath of pleasure as she stepped in and looked around. She stood in a long spacious living room, modeled much in dimensions as the one in the man’s apartment. But there all resemblance ended.
This room was furnished in a delicate feminine style. A wide davenport and a wing chair were upholstered in a light floral design against a cool green background. There was a white leather chair and a reading lamp before the radio, and in the opposite wall space a tall carved secretary with another leather chair drawn up before it to balance the room.
2 tablespoons butter 1 teaspoon mustard seed Vi teaspoon curry powder V4 teaspoon salt
Î
E

8

I

tv
-V
e

i i
IV-
l
L
w
she
You’ve never heard of Jennifer Jones, but she has been selected to play the much sought after leading role in “The Song of Bernadette,” based on the famous miracle of Lourdes. The Tulsa, Okla., girl, whose real name is Phyllis Isley, is pictured in the nun’s costume she will wear in the film.

4Î-B In
Yield: 10 servings.
I
r
m
Oven-Popped Cereal Stuffing
% cup chopped onion 6Vi cups (1 pkg.) oven-popped cereal
2	tablespoons minced parsley
1	tablespoon poultry seasoning
Vi teaspoon salt Vi cup stock or water Wash rice thoroughly in a sieve; drain well. Add rice to boiling salted water slowly so that water continues to bubble. Boil rapidly 16 to 20 minutes until rice is tender; drain in sieve.
Brown celery and onion in fat; stir in rice and mix well. Crush cereal into coarse crumbs; add parsley, seasonings, and ,tock: combine with rice and mix thoroughly. Sufficient stuffing for one fowl Stuffing may be baked in a covered casserole in a moderate oven (375eF.) for 26 minutes.
Yield: 3% cups stuffing.
Vfc cup rice 8 cups boiling water Vi teaspoon salt
x
v * r
Vi cup fat
Vi cup diced celery
Nazis Requisition
France’s Trains
2564
SIZES 16 -50
Germany has requisitioned more than 1,000 locomotives, 800 passenger coache* and 40,000 freight cars from French railway lines in recent months, Secretary B. 8. Town roe of the United Associations of Great Britain and France, told his organisation.
The association is one of the principal organizations for promoting goodwill between France and Britain.
He said the German requisitioning, coupled with serious shortages of oU and coal and persistent R.A.F.* attacks on trains, had caused a serious transportation crisis in France which “is leading to bad i distribution of food supplies and greatly increased sufferings of the j French during the coming winter."
IV

Fluffy Mince Pie
4 cups com flakes OR 8 . cups oven-popped cereal
Vi cup melted butter V4 cup sugar
1 tablespoon unflavored gelatin 3 1\ cups water
9 ounce package mincemeat eggs,
Roll cereal into fine crumbs; combine with butter and sugar mixing well. Press mixture evenly and firmly around sides and bottom of pie pan. Bake in moderate oven (350eF.) for about 8 minutes; cool before adding filling or pie shell may be thoroughly chilled without baking.
Soften gelatin in % cup of the water.
tablespoons melted butter Vi cup lemon juice Vi cup sugar '
Of a Shirtwaist Type
By Louise Lennox
. It’s just the thing for that tasual frock you’ve been meaning to make for yourself—in either conservative dark tones or one of the smart, high shades. Make it gnd love it.
i* Style No. £564 ig designed for
16, 18, 20, 36, 38, 40, 42,
Size 36 re-
Sugar Savers
Serve cooked fruits hot to enjoy their fullest flavor and sweetness. '	-
Add remaining IVi cups water to mincemeat and cook until mixture thickens slightly. Bent egg yolks, add butter, lemon juice and sugar. Add to mincemeat Continue cooking until mixture thickens. Add gelatin and stir until
Save syrup from canned fruit to sweeten other fruit, pudding sauces, or beverages.
A pinch of salt increases the sweetening power of sugar .in cooked food.
Be sure all sugar is completely
dissolved to get its full sweetness.
i ;
*
$
s&zes
44, 46, 48 and 50. ¦ I quires 4 Vi yards 39-inch fabric.
.• Send twenty cents for pattern tt> Room 421, 73 Adelaide St. West, Toronto. Write your name, address and style number. Be sure to state size you wish.
The floors were covered with s soft green carpeting, there were the sheerest of ruffled curtain* looped back at the windows, and some really good pictures on the wails.
tables and white lamps, and a low
dissolved.
Cool. Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites. Pour into crumb pie shell and chill about 1 hour or until firm enough to cut.
Yield: 1 9-inch pie.
Note: If homemade mincemeat is used, reduce water to % and use 2 cups mincemeat.
ISSUE 52—’42
There were occasional
cup
I
a
?
###PAGE###7###
RASE («) ABÎMEE (S)
as to think soberly, according ms God hsth dealt to each man a measure of faith.” The wise and prudent czan will remember that his position in the community is dependent not on any merit of hli own, btt on the nthasnre of his faith, and that faith is the gift of God.
| RADI
R.C.A.F. GETS ANOTHER U-BOAT
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
y
we

On Christina ring out over tl and over the r the C.B.C. • Hart House diers’ Tower eon, well k play the tw Memorial '»
7.16 p.m. the art of one,of th bell and said that memory n melodies o or other Christmas i of bells. H priate oppo charming pr the Great 1
LESSON 52
DYNAMIC CHRISTIAN LIVING Acte 6:8-15; Romans 12(1-3, 8-21 PRINTED TEXT Romans 12(1-3, 9-21 GOLDEN TEXT.—Bn not overcome of evil, but overcome evil
with good. Romans 12:21.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time.—The martyrdom of Stephen took place, probably, A.D. 36. The Apostle Paul wrote the Epistle to the Romans A.D. 60.
Place.—Stephen was martyred In the city of Jerusalem. The Apostle Paul wrote the Epistle from which a passage is taken for this lesson to the Christian church situated In Rome, the great capital of the Roman Empire.
Life Among Believers
9(a). “Let love be without hypocrisy.” Christians are not to love others by merely saying they do, and then living in such a way tllht it is clear they do not, but they are to love men in truth.
9(b). “Abhor " that which *a evil; cleave to that which is good.” This admonition is something for us to do. It requires an effort. Humanly speaking, it is so easy to cleave to the evil and let go the
UH4ÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ
indwells us, we will, by our new nature, shrink from the evil med we will plan our life so that goodness may attend our way and call us to a higher place of life.
f
see




%
j


-.viati a pealir
an appr

A
But if the spirit of God
4h enjoy the Day itself.
ight of Christina, singing of “Sllen
Another i
Eve will be Night” and “Adeste Fidelia” dur ing the Music Hall programm which gets under way at 9 p.m. and will be heard over the fa ties of the C.B.C. The singer of these charming carols will be other than that dean of vocal melody, Bing Crosby. Some time ago when Bing was asked to record these well known hymns he was a bit worried about public reaction to the singing of sacre by an artist whose name
Renew The Mind
1.	“I beseech thee therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, to present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable to God, which is your spiritual service.” As Paul undertakes to describe the Chrsitian life, he begins with the body which has so mych to do with the life we lead.
2.	“And be not fashioned according to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is the good, the acceptable and perfect will of God.” We are according to what we think and when our mind is renewed or changed, then we are changed. The result is that we are enabled to test and determine what is God’s good and acceptable and perfect will for us. Anything less than, or contrary to, the will of God is not for our good, is not pleasing to God and is not complete.
Brotherly Love
10.	“In love of the brethren be tenderly affectionate one to another; in honor preferring one another.” Christians should love each other with the same sincerity and tenderness as if they were the
nearest relatives.
11.	“In diligence not slothful; fervent in spirit; serving the Lord.” There is nothing so inexcusable in the Christian life as indolence in the service of Christ.
12.	“Rejoicing in hope; patient in tribulation; continuing sted-fastly in prayer.” Hope, patience and prayer, are not only duties but the richest sources of consolation and support.
Virtue of Hospitality
13.	“Communicating to necessities of the saints; given to
hospitality.” ginning hospitality was recognized as one of the most important of Christian duties. The Christians looked upon themselves as. a body of men scattered throughout the world, living as aliens among strange people, and therefore bound together as the members of a body, as the brethren of one family. The practical realization of this idea would demand that whenever a Christian went from one place to another he should find a home among the
Christians, of such intercommunion would be the constant carrying out of the duties of hospitality.
14.	“Bless them that persecute you; bless, and curse not.” a perfect illustration of this truth in our Lord’s own life, see Luke
none

music
associated with popular songs However he was soon to be rt
assured
The sale of the record: to top that of any other records Bing had ever made.
the profits from these record-were used by him to finance
MOSS
of South River, Ont., wirelese operator-air gunner.
was soon
year
ings
entertainment for soldiers ... a
the
generous gesture.
From the very be-
wht*.
relax after tne t Festive Season.
Claus, we imagine wants to tak.» It easy for a day or two after his busy activities. It is specifically to Santa Claus, and to thousand* of C.B.C. listeners as well, that Songstress Gail Meredith, Saturday evening 7.16, will dedicate a programme of “Songs to Remember" .. . those quiet old loveable melodies of which we never tire . . . -nd very appropriate to the after Christmas “mood."
The big highlight of the Christ-Day programme will be, of
Even ^
course, the all-world broadcast scheduled from 9 to 10; 16 s.m. It is one of the most pretentious productions ever scheduled in the sphere of radio broadcasting, will provide pickups from five continents, and may be heard from practically every broadcasting sta tion operating in countries where the English language is spoken or extensively understood. The programme is patterned to reveal tc tl»e world at large the manner in which the United Nations are observing	. HpmHH
a few of the special features it
Alar Service
Measure of Faith
3. “For I say, through the grace that was given me, to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think; but so to think
Some Good Advice On Wood Cutting
The General Peat Office, which operates telephones In Britain, is making a lot of money for the Government awakening people at six cents a call scarce aczl costly
“On farms where wood is still burned it is a good plan to get the trees felled, trimmed and skidded as soon as fall ploughing is finished, so these logs can be easily got at to draw them to the wood yard near the house,” says the Hon. Duncan Marshall. “The days of cutting wood with cross-cut saws is over—it now is being done by a small circular saw rigged im a frame for the purpose. Once the logs are at the wood yard it only means a few hours of a wood bee to cut them. Get this done early and the blocks can be split easiest when they have had some heavy frost. Much better, of course, if the wood is green. Live trees should be cut only, however, when there are no dead ones in the wood lot to cut. A small piece of bush is a fine asset to any farm and saves an annual expenditure for fuel that seems to be growing larger. Everything should b# ready for winter this year, as 1942 will be remembered as a good year on the land.”
larm clocks are
EQUINE MAMMAL
One necessary part
#
“May the spirit of Christmas be yours 365 days in the Year.” hopes your “Radio Reporter.”
18 Marched formally.
20 Proving directly.
23 Brutal.
25 Cravat
Answer to Previous Puzzle
horizontal
1 Pictured equine animal
6 It is--to
the horse and
Christmas Day. As just
For
THE BOOK SHELF
TAKES HALIFAX POST
ass.
28:34.
15. “Rejoice with them that rejoice ; weep with them that weep." Christians must never think that
for our spiritual life
THERE IS TODAY By Josephine La
Josephine Lawrence has gives us an American couple who cam be found today in every city and town in America—a couple with and faith who are faced
11	Crucifix.
12	Officer’s assistant
13	Drive.
15 Fairy.
17 Expert flyer.
19 Natural power.
21	Iniquity.
22	Parent.
23	Musical sound.
24	Size of coal.
26	Sound of inquiry.
27	Ever (contr.). 52 Auricula!#*
28	Genus of
27 Breakfast
I
food.
28	Wooden pin.
29	Equine beast
31 Mongrel dog.
36 Conscious.
39 To respond td a stimulus.
41	Indigo.
42	Cover.
43	Asiatic palm. 45 To verify.
47 Scolds.
7	Note in scale. 48 Goal marker.
8	Crater edge. 49 Good form.
9	Part of Roman 59 Right of
month.	precedence.
10 Weird.	51 Silk from a
13 This animal is worm, becoming 53 Three.
54 Small skin tumor.
56 Bills payable (abbr.).
58 Transposed (abbr.).
concern
should ever lead to indifference to the experiences of other people.
16.	“Be of the same mind one toward another, minds on high things, but condescend to things that are lowly.” For communities and for individuals the cherishing of the spirit of amity and concord is a condition without which there will be little progress in Christian life.
Life In Man’s World
17.	“Render to no man evil for good. Take thought for things honorable in the sight of all men.” Do not .drift into inconsistency. Watch against what others may fairly think to be unchristian in
m
i—r
irage
with the problem of whether le snatch what happiness they cam before the service calls or to postpone marriage for the uncertal»
duration.	MBWB
couple with kindly and unkindly neighbors that include hoarder#, hysterical club-women war workers, engaged couples, and the outstanding figure of Mrs. Toni Fitts who would rather parade, wear a uniform, serve on committees, do up bundles for far away places than keep house for her husband or help the poor.
Candace and Andy, who bravely marry with the draft staring them in the face, crowd their happineas into the months that remain before the dreaded hour when Andy is called. Scrimping and saving to make both ends meet, their baby Michael is born to them ju# a few days before Andy is inducted into the service.
That charity begins at home and that young couples are entitled to marriage and a share ef happiness in spite of the war la the main theme of Miss La rence’s tender yet realistic novel of America today.
There It Today ... By Josephine Lawrence . . • McClelland and Stewart • . • Price $3.00.

Set not your
43	Preposition.
44	Babylonian deity.
46 Active.
49 Credit (abbr.L 8 Adverttoe-60 To lay a street
evergreen
shrubs.
3	To augur.
4	Fish eggs.
She surrounds h
m
i

ment
.
53 Muscle.
65 Sharp and harsh.
57	To obtain.
58	A moment
59	Its coat has of black.
35 Aeriform fuel. 60 It is a native
37	Small child..
38	Year (abbr.).
40 Commanded.
42 Illuminated.

APPOINTED
grasses. , 30 Distinctive theory.
82 To debase.
33	To submit.
34	Chisel.
w
t
extinct.
14 Policeman.
you
16 It
Capt. R. G. Perchard of Montreal u2S been appointed Controller of loading operations for the port of Halifax, succeeding V. C. Macdonald who has been appointed Assistant Deputy Minister of Labor.
or
beast
18.	“If it be possible, as much as in you lieth, be at peace with all men.” To keep the peace will be hard at times but it will be worthwhile.
19.	“Avenge not yourselves, beloved, but give place unto the wrath of God: for it is written, vengeance belongeth unto me; 1 will recompense saith the Lord.” God has long ago settled the whole matter by exacting justice from wrong-doers. Not one will escape. In every case perfect justice will be done.
lives on plains and
mountains.
6 17 la
VERTICAL 2 Genus of
10
5
I 2	3


II
II

15
Cure Shell Shock
14
j
K=$i
Zl
20
17
16
Moscow reports that 90 per oent of Red army men who lost their hearing and speech through wounds or shell shock are being cured in a month or so at special hospitals.
26
25
23
Z
¦
30
Z9
23
27
Victory of Love
' 20. “But if thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him to drink: for in so doing thou shalt heap coals of fire upon his head.” In thus doing you will be taking the most effectual vengeance; the idea of vengeance being ‘transformed’ so as to become in fact the ‘victory of love/
21. “Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good." A;n at that which ia good and the assaults of evil will .have lost half their power.
32
LISTEN TO
39
Arthur Harrison Creighton has been appointed district superintendent of the department of immigration and colonization for Ontario, of the Canadian Pacific Railway, with headquarters at Toronto, and brings to his new position the advantage of 16 years experience in that department.
Mr. Creighton is the descendant of United Empire Loyalists who pioneered in New Brunswick. The community of Creightonville bears the name of his ancestors. A neighbor family by the name of Law, gave Arthur his maternal grandmother and also provided Britain with a Prime Minister in the person of the Right Honorable Andrew Boner Law.
He entered the service of the Canadian Pacific Railway in 1926 as a clerk in the steamship department in Toronto, and in the following year was transferred to the department of immigration and colonization which was then enlarging its field service in Ontario. Between that time and the present, he has been engaged in every branch of the department’s activity becoming travelling representative in 1932 and now succeeding to the post of superintendent.
"COUNTRY
NEWS"
Calf Quite Cosy
In Long Undies
42
36 3?
46
47
A shivering, hairless calf at las*
O. O.
Items of Interest From Ontario Weekly Newspapers
«>4
53
has found a good home Decker, ; of Kansas, animal at a farm auction. Th came cold weather. Decker fitted It with long underwear. Now the calf Is cozy.
51
bouctit the
EACH SUNDAY AT 2 P.M.
ÎB
57
56
»
CFRB—860 on your dial
60
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Lightning Answer
NOW, ROBIN, IF YOU HAD
TEN APPLES AND 6E0D6IE
-TOOK TWQWHAT WOULD
YOU HAVE
I
/
*
A FI6HT :


)


?
•e

' *
n
I

Z1
L

z
(
l
X
;
y
/-/a
%
tec. I
II By










n:
i


7/
fill
*
7III
»
?












-/

* «
HI

*
»




w







11
4
• .1

HI

9»
5GB i»QM EBTZSti HSE3QSÏ19 S5EB JliiSSHa S'3B ilEES
"C Su ass ' SGIÜ5
E ÏJl ES3 EH as
Haa aas
5GS
SÜBH
saiaa aas buhl
ESuSBS u-aa iSJK
aga sai aaaag
mm-m333 ïilGSTZ SSMfi =5G ilirjï
###PAGE###8###
PAGE (S) ABiMEE (S)
%


F THANKS
ESTABLISHED 1883

». Sturgeon ai <t tenir* to exprè s
iks to all thiir for their kind *y in pithy rebereavement,

COACH
INVALID
Happier New Year
For All
m>7
I
GEO. HYNES & SON
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
V^Shawville Oue.
TED
T
Once again we wish to voice our apprécia* tion and thanks for the business accorded us during the past year, and hope that this time of conflict will soon pass.
Vil wood — nwood and
Phone 80

>01)1 E, iliy, <Jue

Chemistry In Bible
The Bible contains "a surprisingly large amount of chemistry" and shows that as early as 1500 B. C. this science was being practiced by the Israelites, according to a study reported to the American Chemical society by Dr. John T. Chappell of Marion college, Marion, Ind.
“The Israelites centered their life and living around the worship and serving of only Holy God—Jehovah, which precluded sciences developed by great military efforts and extensive commerce," Dr. Chappell says. “Nevertheless, they used many of the discoveries and developments of science in various phases of their living.
“When Moses engineered the building of the Tabernacle about 1500 B. C. there was considerable metallury of gold, silver and copper. The peak of metallurgical skill was shown when King Solomon, about 1000 B. C. had the temple built and also the king's palace. In consider-ng the offering of sacrifices, the Iress, the anointing oils, the cere* nonics of the priests and the mu* iical instruments, there is much of chemistry that becomes evident."
In the Early Twenties
The Eyes Begin to Dim
Human eyes no sooner develop their fullest power and strength then they begin to run down.
In the early^20s. after a person has completed his education and has taken up his duties of life, age and occupation start to dim the eyes. How fast that dimming process progresses depends to a considerable extent upon the care and protection given to one's eyes.
Illustrative of the rapid changes in eyes that take place early in adult life is the loss of accommodation—the flexing of the crystalline lens to bring into focus objects at various distances. In the ’teens the average boy or girl can make accommodations in vision over a range of about 14 diopters. (In the ophthalmic profession lenses are considered by their focal length and not the curvature of their surface. A one-diopter lens will have a focal length of one meter. A two-diopter lens will focus light rays at a distance of half a meter, etc). But in the early 20s the flexibility of the eye’s lens has been so reduced that it will have an accommodation range of only 10 diopters. By 30 years the accommodation range of the average eye falls to only seven diopters.

Expet k
•el can be ni and withou , except in t.
•ter, the process .e consuming.
1 electric furnace processes much e is lost if only pig iron is orged because the entire charge aust be refined through the removal ? carbon, silicon, phosphorus, sul-our, etc. If scrap represents a .rge portion of the charge, corn-lete refining of the entire charge is nnecessary since the scrap having 4cady been refined in previous lting processes does not contain impurities present in pig iron, the Bessemer converter, which luces Bessemer steel, the en-charge is molten pig iron, only all quantities of scrap being add-toward the end of the process or the ladle when the molten steel poured into ingot molds. A liming factor to the use of Bessemer inverters and also to the use of .00 per cent pig iron charge in the open hearth and electric furnaces i* the supply of iron which is not pit tiful.
LESLIE DALE and STAFF
cess
ely from pig *sc of scrap <scmor con-
st
/
;
In Ih
l
pensive and v open hearth
'
FÏ
>
¦
«

¦
, i

THANKS !
I
»
Thanking our many friends and customers for past patronage, we wish one and all a
HAPPY and PROSPEROUS
NEW YEAR
, ^*nea,
. -vide islands known Discovered in 1567
i
^eans
j Alvaro de Mendana, a Spaniard, the islands were then “lost” for 200
Glass Houses for the Future
In a not too distant future, Americans may be living in houses almost entirely constructed of glass and apparent, says the Better j furnished with glass. Already ta Vision institute, that during this pe- blcs, chairs and even pianos of viod of early adulthood the eyes tempered glass are being made, should be carefully watched and be Modern American glassware grades given the benefits of professional jjning tables and is fashioned into care, if necessary. Latent weak- ¦
A \J
>
I eeps Harbors Open
The Gulf Stream, named for the Gulf of Mexico, where it originates, is a warm and deep blue current which flows through the Florida strait and northward between Florida and the Bahamas. It parallels the coast of the United States until it reaches the southern end of Newfoundland. where it merges with the greater warm - water drift that moves across the Atlantic ocean to the western coast of Europe. It is believed to result from the vertical circulation of the ocean waters, as effected by the rotation of the earth. Its influence on the climate of Europe exists, but has been overrated. One of its chief assets is the fact that it keeps certain European harbors free from ice in winter.
years.
The Solomon group is comprised of seven large jungle islands and many smaller ones, all volcanic and mountainous, which extend southeast of New Guinea for a distance of nearly 900 miles. Largest of the group are Bougainville, Choiscul. Isabel, Malaita, New Georgia, Guadalcanal and San Cristobal.
Numerous attempts were made by w hite men to colonize the islands but, until recently, all settlements failed. Cannibal tribes, equatorial climate and malaria were reasons why white settlements did not survive. History of the islands is one of murder and plunder.
With the exception of missionaries, few white men lived on the islands until 1860 southern Solomon islands were annexed by Great Britain, 50 white i persons resided in the group. North- |
units of the chain of islands i for a number of years have pre-were governed by Germany from scribed a gold or yellow fringe on 1899 until 1914 when they were oc- j all American flags used as regi-cupies by Australian troops
After discovering the islands in I is no federal law or regulation which 1567-68 and naming them in honor either requires or prohibits the use of the King of Israel, Mendana set of fringe on the flag when used for out from Peru with colonists and general purposes. Flag etiquette reequipment in 1595 to establish a quires that the flag be as plain as Spanish settlement in the Solomons, possible and a border around it, re-However, he was unable to locate gardless of color, would be regard-the islands and landed at Santa Cruz |ed as improper since it would alter island
It is
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
lihlraySt vases and bases for table nesses of the eyes may show up as amps. Glass block panels and walls defects during the 20s. This is evi- ire combined with huge picture win-denccd by statistics of visual de- , juWS m many a modern home, and fects. At the age of 20 years, 23 : yrtains of a glass fabric adorn the per cent have defective vision, but j vindows. Today such varied at 30 years 39 per cent—almost twice as many—have visual defects.
uses
1 glass are as practical as they ire handsome because of the new trength of manufactured glass and he ease with which all glass suraces can be kept clean.
>
War Causes Less Nitrogen
U" Better Seein.Ce-diti.n.
mestic capacity for synthetic manu- tu 1 secing conditions m facto facture of nitrogen should guarantee nes wil increase production, reduce
eu,,»», .ed industrial us. when the "n.
Every time a 16-inch gun is fired, £ satisfactory spectral quality, but 120 pounds of nitrogen goes back ‘he walls, machines and other equip-into The air from which it came, ment in industrial plants should be This means that the nitrogen needed decorated in colors so as to bring annually by our farmers, along with a£>u> maximum eye ease and visual such other plant-food elements as efficiency, he says, phosphorus and potash, to grow the Too little attention has been given food, feed, and fiber demanded of in many plants to the conservation them, would, if converted to explo- of human eyesight, he continues, be sufficient for well over adding that insufficient lighting,
glare and poor color contrasts of
Production in Need of
/
War Camouflage Necessary,
Says Dean of University
Training in protective obscurément, deception, and camouflage will be undertaken by the School of j «anization, was founded in the South Architecture of Columbia university n 1866. during the early part cf at the suggestion of the Office of he reconstruction period, for tht Civilian Defense in Washington, it; jurposc of preventing the exercise of is announced by Dean Leopold Ar- political rights by the newly email naud.	I *ipated Negroes. Its members ter
Founded in 1866
The Ku Klux Klan, a secret or
In 1893, when
Fringe on Flag
United States army regulations
ern
mental colors or standards. There
Trainees will be instructed m the I prized the superstitious Negron
highly professional skills and prob-1 ^als^by ^'inflictin^" upon i u-m
x>di’.y injury, and in many instances ieath.
lems of concealing vital industrial plants, public buildings, and strategically important rural and urban areas.
“The study of camouflage today is no longer haphazardly approached as it was in the last war,” Dean Arnaud pointed out. “At that time lack of careful aerial observation made camouflage more a matter of imagination than scientific precision. The development within the past 20 years of aerial photography and the extensive use of the airplane in warfare has made protective obscurément a complex technique, combining the elements of architecture, engineering, and industrial design.
“Protective obscurément for modern purposes is not a problem of making a structure disappear or of blacking it out, but of making it look like something else. This requires a broad scientific and technical background in various fields.”
uyg,—
seven million 16-inch shells.
In 1910 American farmers used equipment and materials weaken less than one-third as much fertilizer and strain the eyes, frequently caus-nitrogen as they require today. The ing avoidable fatigue, increase from 260 million pounds in Instead of the customary red to 1910 has been rapid and steady : 404 indicate hazards, as on a guard or million pounds in 1920 ; 694 million the lever of a machine, Mr. Birren in 1930; and 866 million in 1937, the says that yellow, orange and yellow-last year a complete survey was green would be more effective be-made.	cause they have greater visibility
If all the nitrogen now needed an- than red. He recommends yellow-nually on American farms had to ish in preference to bluish light for be supplied by imported nitrate of general illumination, and the use of Radiating rail lines, bridges, canal soda, as was largely the case during light tones for walls and back-locks and harbor equipment, includ- the First World war, it is conserva- grounds for greatest eye ease of ing a floating drydock, shipbuilding lively estimated that American workers. To provide visual relaxa-yards, and marine machine shops of farmers would require more than tion, end walls of a factory, he says, Rouen are among the city’s military 2,700,000 tons of nitrate of soda dur- should be greenish or bluish in tone objectives. Rouen normally is the ing the current year.	rather than yellow or red, pointing
chief French port for coal and oil.	______________ out that the blue side of the spec-
Fringing the river banks are quays	trum is visually more retiring than
and repair docks, oil tanks, cranes, fifty Cities Now Flying	the red side,
coal piles, grain elevators and many J	J *
warehouses for storing cargoes of iron, dried fish, timber and cotton.
Cotton weaving is one of the city’s leading industries but its plants also turn out machinery, soap, brushes, distilled beverages and chemicals.
The chemical works have been reported producing explosives unde#
German direction.
Rouen, Seaport of Paris
Rouen, objective of the first all-American air offensive against the Axis, is the seaport of Paris. The city is 60 miles up the Seine. Freight for the capital, 87 miles farther upstream, is transferred to river steamers, barges and railroads to complete its journey. On flood tide ocean-going ships of from 19 to 25 foot draft can dock at Rouen, although the river narrows there to about 425 feet.
the design of the flag. A fringe on regimental colors is not considered a border and the government regards it merely as an adornment to and not a part of the flag.
Joan of Arc Executed at
Picturesque City of Rouen
heav> tourist travel.	coal for many of his comforts and
«TSX*r,mS,,iofhi‘n
in the city s dim, twisting streets. cent 0f the total energy necessary Here Joan of Arc, patron sa t for a normal pursuit of industry is of France, was put to death more furnished by coaL More than 145,-than five centuries a go. A stone Q00 tons 0f coa] went into cigarette slab marks the spot in the Old Mdi - manufacture in 1938 and many thou-ket square where stood the s ake, sands more tons into the making of and a tablet marks the site of >e	packets and cartons in which they
prison ceJ.	are packed. Nearly 1,500,000 tons of
Pillaging armies have sacked the coa] went into furniture manufac-city a half-dozen times since the ture in one year; more than 200,000 Viking invasion. In Rouen insui- tons 0f bituminous coal was used in gents fought English armies of oc- carpet manufacture in 1939. cupation, Huguenots and Catholics clothing production uses 314,428 massacred each other, and French tons of coal a year; clock manufac-Revolutionaries followed their ex- ture nearly 50,000 tons; plumbing fix-ample. German forces terrorized ture industry, 113,792; canneries, and occupied the city for the hist io,000,000. time in 1871.
Their Own Municipal Flag
Fifty cities in the United States, including most of the larger ones, lead their parades with official municipal flags flying under the Stars and Stripes, information to the American showed.
These cities have adopted official banners as symbols of civic unity, dignity and prestige, and because they desire appropriate and uniform decorations for buildings and streets on public ceremonial occasions, according to a study made by the Milwaukee Municipal Reference library.
Philadelphia, in 1895, was one of the first cities in this country to adopt a municipal flag, copying a custom already prevalent in Europe. Cincinnati’s adoption of an official flag in 1940 was one of the latest. Flags of Baltimore, Boston, Chicago, Kansas City, New Orleans, New York and Providence were adopted during the years 1913-18. The city council of Milwaukee is now considering the move.
Two-thirds of the cities with municipal flags made the banners official by city ordinance; the other cities, by resolution. Boston, Cleveland and Baltimore have official city flag days. Buffalo flies its flag at every council meeting.
Most of the ordinances provide that the city flag may also be used by civic groups and proper individu-
Investigations Disclose
Sound Plays Odd Tricks
What Paul Revere s yell did in -rousing patriots to action is now done by a variety of mechanized devices. To get the public’s ear in air ryd drills, experts have had ' to deal with the behavior of sound.
Some materials allow sound to pass freely. Others diminish it by absorption. Sound may be thrown off its original course, thereby creating silence pockets. Extent of the area covered by a sound signal and the degree of its audibility are ruled by the location and height of the source, buildngs and other obstrue- -lions, the terrain, wind, humidity, and temperature. These factors are never quite the same from one area to another.
Moreover, at a specific location they change from day to day. Because of this variability the distance any warning device can be heard is difficult to guarantee. Adverse conditions have cut the audibility of a signal heard eight miles to a quarter-mile.
To make a noise that ean be heard distinctly where it is meant to be heard is the purpose of all sound signals. Sounds ranging from about two tones below middle C and an octave above middle C seem to be heard more effectively Inside buildings than tones of higher pitch. •
Home-Grown Cork Fostered
The department of agriculture, through the forest service, is investigating possible emergency sources of cork to meet defense requirements. The native Douglas fir, and the cork bark and white firs of the Southwest have corky materials in their bark which may prove a good source of cork for certain uses; and the forest products laboratory is working on substitute materials derived from wood. Through co-operation of the field staff of an American cork concern, the forest service received a shipment of cork acorns from Spain acorns had deteriorated because of shipping delays; however, they have been sent to the Southwestern a California Experiment stations _ experimental planting.
Municipal association
Colors May Conserve Heat
Now that conservation of heat in homes, offices and other structures looms as a wartime necessity for the coming winter, an example of the effect of different colors upon the sensibility to cold of human beings, cited by George D. Gavv in American Business, may have some practical interest. He states that in a factory near New York city, the color of the main office was changed from a cheerful yellow to a light blue. When the colder season arrived, the employees complained of being cold, although the temperature was maintained at 72 degrees, the same as before the pairing hut even when it was increased to 73 degrees, the stenographers end clerks continued to complain and wore sweaters while they worked. The yellow paint was then restored as an experiment, and then 75 degrees was found to be uncomfortably
nav an established arid. ^
m	Taking Care of Equipment
Round the Clock Basis	Calls for a million and a half
A 30-day ration of dried whole c0pjcs 0f leaflets telling housewives eggs for more than two million Eng- bow t0 care for electric equipment lish men, women and children rolls dnd make it last reached the Rural eff the production lines every three Electrification administration head-eight-hour shifts in two large Arrer qUarters at St. Louis within a single icon packaging plants. Since dned week after the fir8t offer. These reeggs are rationed in England at the quests from rural electric co-opera-rate of one package a month for tives reflect the intense interest of each family of three, this means homemakers in getting full service that nearly 700,000 packages are be- from the equipment they have and ing prepared each 24 hours in these which they are not iikely t0 be able
two American plants.	to replace “for the duration.” The
At present 10 packaging plants are ieaf)ets are reprints from pages in operating in the United States, anc Rural Electrification News, although only two have capacity to Many users, particularly on package the product fast enough to farmg| have acquired electric appli-tum out 700,000 packages or four ances recently—after electricity was carloads daily, combined production brought to their farms for the first in all plants is sufficient to more time Thc REA js urging the snai-than supply the 17 to 20 million |ng 0f electric equipment through packages a month required by the cooperatives and neighbor groups ; Agricultural Marketing administra aiso repair of appliances while still tion for shipment to England unde?
Lend-Lease.	*
Unfortunately the

Save Edible Fats »
Because fats are used for soaps and munitions, the housewife can do her share for wartime industries by saving edible fats for cooking. Four steps for taking care of fats not usable for cooking are suggest-(1) save all waste cooking foods; (2) pour fats into a clean, wide-mouthed can, and strain to remove meat particles; (3) keep fdts

ed
usable. Clubs of young people are learning simple repairing.
als.
5
1
_
