###PAGE###1###
ERREUR (S) DE DATE
U


No. 14, (J 1st Yeau
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY,
OCTOBER 3rd, 1043
}
BIRTHS
Food Salk- a male of burnt? cooking, under the auspices of
SES»
ment and a few head of horses	|held in the work of the church and
and cattle, will he held at G. A. PERSONAL MENTION 'community down through the
Howard’s Shaw ville residence on I	. ^_	years, and to extend best wishes
srtis 5&a atse	i K^ïftuîititr
Church. This will be a real treat. I ^r daughter Mr». Jim Hizel,	at	«r mod Mr. and Mr. Geo,	Palmer,
Adults, 25 cents; School scholars Brown burg, last week.	«nd to Mrs. Evelyn Little,	n leath-
15 cents.	Mr. Douglas Lllis, of Montreal, erTbl',und copy of tlie Hymnary .	„ ,, .
«KM-I	1 FHB JAMB.H MJLLAR
3S-—sj,*5î «œ
gour and Son, and accepted by °veisea*.	and also teacher for a large ,class At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bsv
Arthur Kilgour, this should have Lieut, w. J, Glenn, R.C.C 9,.	of	of boys in the Sunday	School.	every	Wedn.id..
read:	Won by Npival Kilgour Brockville. and Mrs. Glenn,	of	Mrs. Palmer holds an executive	a»p	••	u	/ kl,orninf
• and sons, accepted by Walter Verdtin, Que , visited relatives in position in the Women’s Associa-	rontisvHouse.ShawvUU,every
Kilgour.	Bristol recently.	tion, while Mrs. Little has been	Wednesday at Noon
Mrs. John tioden and son. Bar- pianist in the church for some | art" —	__.
| StS! of-lT1'i.'S.fS? o *! r a" Jo,,, ¦„ ,i.hin,	H ARLAND 0. ROWAT
Howard, this week.	best of everything iu their new	NOTARY puni
r„.	.CM** or Shi,.	-------- I
SHAWVILLE,QUE.
Palmer Family Honored at Austin . QOWLING
Mi A
m
\


283 Bank Street OTTAWA, CANADA
Never were Stenographers in such demand as now. We are conducting a short intensive once and help your country.
« Open all Summer

Yd/,
Vf/
>A

HH
ï IV M M s ^LLUhaJ^Çl
B>gin at
course.

high gloss
W. I. COWLING President
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Prlnioipal

'(#*/* Min**
PhoduC ts
BRILLIANT COLCR BEAVTY
"C^ASILY applied.
brilliant high gloss. 26
Dries hard with a
¦ gorgeous colors. Resists wear, heat, spilt coffee,
alcohol, etc. For canoes, garden fumi-I ture, autos, as well as indoor surfaces. You can't get a finer enamel.
**##*,* *
tos
FAIR NOTES
to Shawville
Fair, which had not been promised	,	. ____
until DonoiV Lut was printed, Lamp, Manitoba, is spending a will be announced shortly	IF
Some donations
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
•• Estate C. J. Caldwell f-
will be announced shortly.	hirlough with his parents, Mr. and
Exhibitors who notice errois in Mrs. Fred. Campbell.
» ÇSSA "Lf S.VS ÆJKSyM
i'emUî'.'B SÔdïîZ I Mr*, h" EuK"”' -
Former Otter Lake Resident Dies at Ottawa
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
After an illness of three mon Mis,
Miss Isa hell Nina Moore, riaiigh-ter
Mr. and Mr* Walter Kilgour f?1	Avf.:	died in
entertained the Executive of the v1® Ottawa Civic Hospital on
JïitaK (xu;:	v,,ited
October 7th, and will set up in the Ac. 2 H. Eleid Glenn, R.C. A K., External A ffairs. Born at Otter United Church Sunday School °* Toronto, i- spending this week Lake, Quell I	I HZ
room f ir the reception of dona at the home of his parents, Mr graduate of the former Ottawa tions of blood. Everyone in the and Mrs. J. C. Glenn, at Bristol. Ladies’ College. She was a mem-
es'2% rass
your doctor h. mud get your cards former’s mother. Mrs. 8. Langford fiotu the secretary. Miss Katie during the past week.
Elliotts
Mr. H. T. Armstrong returned to his home in Begin* on Thtirs day of last week, after a two weeks’ visit with relatives and I ¦	friends in town and district.
Ey ® 3%gJÈfL&æbrW*. Hifro F«m, DwJ is W
«T*: C &, At «.SO „•** „„ W.d„.«,.y ties. It was decided to hold the 1	atives in town.	morning of last week, Walter Har-
meetings on the second and fourth Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Barber and ris. well-known citizen of this Monday of each month, and plans j son, Bruce: Messrs Clarence Cuth* village was found dead beside hi-were made for the annual Church bertson and Arthur Barber, of truck in a garage at the rear of Rally on Sunday, Sept. 26ch. It Sudbury, visited their relatives iu the formel Bank of Nova . Scotia was announced that Arnold town and vicinity during the past building on Main Street.
Frcoru. president of the Confer- week.	Mr. Graham Davis, passing by,
ence Y. P U would be present	*•*--- noticed smoke issuing from the
and speak, and also address a tire-	M A RPIFFI	doors and investigated, to find Mr.
side gathering after the service.	Harris lying beside his truck. It
The officers elected were as fol-	H nn« i we^R^n a »	appeared he had been working on
lows:-	„	J A	“icha»D80N	the truck as tools were fnund near
President, Edith Baras; vice- A very intei esting wedding was by on.the floor when overcome by president, Ina Kilgour: secretary, 90Ionized in the Y arm I arsonage the fumes of the exhaust Margaret Dagg; treasurer, Glenn °p Wednesday, Sept. 15, at three Dr. 8. E. McDowell .was im-H origins. Convenors—Missionary, ! ,K k P lra,# by the Rev. N. T. mediately called and he summon-Walter Kilgour. Kathleen Wood- jHolnicf», when Iona Layma, second L<j the County Coroner, Dr. L ley; citizenship, Mr. Samson. Lorna | d^^hter of Mr, and Mrs. Perley | Renaud, of Campbell’s Bay, It Hodgins: devotional. Mona Tracy,	Ki<di«rdson, .'T** united in Holy	was decided that	an	inquest was
Shirley* Sly; membership. Ruth	Bonds of Matrimony to Ivan John,	unnecessary.
Hodgins, Grant Gibson; recreation, st,cond son of Mr. and Mrs.- Vin- Mr. Harris was a very highly
Audrey Fulford, Urquhardt Camp-	Hodgins.	respected citizen	of	this village. inraweviM	mpi%u.ap
bell; Culture, Mr. St. Jean, Marjor	, ^ 16 . f l(Ae WHS K^011 m marriage	| He was caretaker of the local	BEATTIE	S EYE SERVICE
ie Grant; social, Lobe I Smart, Lois	ier’ a,Z? ,w-ls RFtent*e(* I Government Post Office building,
Hodgins, Betty Hobgins; organists, Mlfl9 K lea nor Hodgins, sister of and he had for years been employ.
Barbara Woodley, Ruth Hodgins. | î“e ?r*Vt?,lle, . K.roorn was nt-|edby the late George Dale, and Much ol the evening was spent	“ls cousin, Mr. Ebert j later his E-tate, *s tinsmith and
in games and a sing song led by 1 <UîmAu . .	,	,, ,	plumber. This Spring he branch
Rev. A F.	Fokes,	and refresh-	. The	bride WRS dressed	in heaven*	ed out for himself in the plumbing
ments were	served	by	a social	| 'Y 1)1	S1 k crepe, blue hat and	business and a- a side-line operat
committee led by Miss Margaret sh(,,,'der length veil, and other ed one of the local mail route-.
Dagg.	accessories to match and wore a He was born at iStark's Corners
shoulder knot of American Beauty on October 17, 1803, the son of
rose*.	Robert Harris and the late Mrs.
The lrideMnaid was dressed in Harris, and at 10 years of age was , ,	, ,,	, ,	. ,	R, 8ea	Wue «Ik crepe	two piece	apprenticed to the Dale tinsmith
Captain L	Goldsmith	and her	dress	with blue hat and	shoulder	Hrin.- Except for a few years in
sister, Lieutenant R Goldsmith, length veil, and accessories to Niagar-t Falls, Out, and in the of the Renfrew iinit of the Salva- omteh. She wore n shoulder knot West, he had been a resident of tiou Army, will -visit Shawville ot Bnarcliffero.se-.	Shawville. During the first Great
during the second week of October Dinner was served to the im War lie was overseas for two for the Red Shield Home Front mediate families at the home of years with the Royal Canadian
the bride. Later in the evening Artillery. In 1028 lie was married | REPRESENTING COMPANIES
in the to Miss Sarah Hodgins, daughter . of Mrs. Horigin- and the late Sam groom received Hodgins, of Clarendon.
1 Surviving are his father, hi-—p ..luvx, w>.v» «.Hug..vvj• -, Beverly the and Ann, and one soil, Vaughan,
,	,. all at home; two brothers. Law
- — r„	_	e young couple will reside on reive, of Timmins, and William.
In the light of these facts we the groom s farm in Austin section of Detroit, Mich , and four sisters,
bring to our readers the urgent	——--------------- Mrs Harry Hobbs, of Massey, ami
need of maintaining a correct Misg 10- Hamilton Awarded	Mrs. Gordon Webb, Mr- Waltei
bailee between the spirit which g Srhalartkin	Young and Miss Jane Harris, allot
sees only the war to be won and Drucc ^noiarsnip	Ottawa. Mr. Harris was ft mem-
the home life to be maintained.	;	. „	,	ber of the Shawville Lodge, 1.0 0
Both* are essential. Neither can Miss Lois Hamilton, who is now F., and a member and elder of succeed without the other.	attending the University of Shawville United Church.
The Home Base for this service Bishops College, at Lennox ville. The funeral, which was largely is in the work in all the cities, Que., has been awarded the Rob. attended, was held from the late towns and villages of the Dornin* ert Bruce Scholarship on the basis home on Centre Street, on Friday „„ J Here the poor are visited, of her High School Leaving marl » afternoon, to Shawville United" prisoners helped, aged cared for, obtained at Shawville High School Church. Service was conducted sick assisted and the unfortunate lust June. Lois percent was 81.3 by the psstor. Rev. A F. F*>kef, given a helping hand. Personal The scholarship is valued at one assisted by Rev. K C Bo ton, service is given so often and so hundred dollars.	Rector of St, Paul s Anglican
effectively that it has become pro-	? 5	----- Church.
verbial.	-	.	Some Cadi Rereinlt *» Fair	Interment was made in the viL
The officeis will make a house 4,0 v necc,pIk al ra,f lage cemetery, the pall bearer-
to houae canvass in Shawville,	-°	being, Messrs P. J. Maason, Heman
and those from the surrounding	/ 1fcwo °nei -5Xe,,J2?' Elliott and Lem Hodgins, repre-
district wishing to support thisi«I.O»03; (decrease.from 1402. #52) tenting the local lodge of Old
worthy cause, may leave their J |^1,Àin&A,?.l1,\,529 e6 ; Oncrease over fellows; Ü. N. Woodley. Geo Coles donation® at Frasers Clothing *¦ tw •)	and Win Crick, Veterans of the
Store, Main Street.	R. w. Hodgins, Secretary, great war.
Advocate Barrister • Solicitor, etc.
ice : Campbell's Bay, Quebec (In Lawn Block)
Mobile Blood Clinic Here October 7th
0«
Mi-s Moore was
*| DONAT Le GUERRIER
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
• t
•S

?
mm
m

E
• Branch at Quyon ; will cal any Monday on request
Matters dealt with by cone*)ondsnc
m
ft to mourn her loss, in addition to her parents are four sisters. Mrs. Claude Cameron,of Ottawa; Misses Myrtle and Jean, at home, and Cpl. Annie May Moore, of the R.C.A F , and a brother. George Moore, at home.
m

o
a*
Y. P. U. Organized For Fall and , X Winter Activities
(T n -
I
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT; .. BARRISTER
HULL, QUEBEC Consultations by Appointment
for OVERSEAS
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Should be sent NOW to reacli Destination before Christmas
DR. H. K. NEILSON
i
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat
SPECIALIST
For men in the Army, Air Force or in the Navy, pick gifts like these and know that | you have chosen the things he wants most •j from home. To ensure Christmas delivery of your parcel, mail well before November 1st deadline.
ILDIN*
OTTAWA.
ONT.
RHONE, 12-7961
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone
OTTAWA
ONTARIO
Pullover and Sleevless Sweaters
$2.50 to $3.95
»
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists o.i all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
Khaki and Airforce Shirts
$1.95 to $2 50
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg Optometrist
Salvation Army Red Shield Appeal
Reg Optometrist
Military Brush and Comb Sets
$1.75 and $2.50
Gordon T. Paul INSURANGE
Ties, Braces, Handkerchiefs, Gloves, Socks, Money Belts,
Writing Paper Sets, . Toilet Soaps, Razor Blades,
Tobacco and Cigarettes
appeal	,	,	. „
No kind of triumph in the field M large reception was held of battle, on the high seas, or in ! Shawville Theatre, the air can truly be called Victory	___
if the sanctity and welfare of the | many beautiful and costly gifts, I ourvivll,K „lo tn Home Hase is undermined. The j «Iso a number of chequçs showing widow, two daughter-preservation of the Canadian way j the high esteem in whiclie¦¦Tr ¦¦¦ of life constitutes the real reason couple are held, for our participation in this war. The young coi
Bill Folds,
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
The bride and
QUE
SHAWVILLE
DON’T FORGET OUR BOVS OVERSEAS
g Mailing Û f| Deadline 8 ft Nov. 1st »
Talking- Pictures
William Gargan - Edmund Lowe Peggy Moran - Frank Albertson

ion.
in
Flying Cadets
at
THE W. A. HODGINS STORE
Shawville Theatre
Thurs. Sept. 30th,
At 8.30 p. m.
Quebec
Shawville

1





###PAGE###2###
Z
By Galbraith
SIDE GLANCES
VOICE
CHIEFS AT FRONT
Commentary on Current Events
THE WAR • WEEK

1 H E
O F

r
PRESS
The Bulk Of The Italian Navy Now Safely Anchored At Malta

m
¦ <6

y
A WISE MOVE
The managements of three local theatres have announced that Jbey fend to clear all children/ tfhe.
worn van led by their
e
Wm

lan surrender means to them, awÿ rage accordingly.
Result of Armistice
The surrender of the Italian fleet with all its consequences, is one result of the armistice arranged by General Kisenhower with the Italian King and Marshal Badoglio. And, as General Eisenhower said, the armistice is tforth while even if it nets the Allies nothing more than the fleet. Of course, it nets them much more than that. It eliminates a nation of 46,000,000 from the fight, together with its manpower, its resources, and the millions of bayonets of which Mussolini used to boast.—New York Times.
Varying in details, but with an inexorable logic that was beyond the calculations of the dictators, the present war is being fought to its predestined conclusion in an almost uncanny parallelism to the course of events in the last war. This is again emphasized by the dramatic surrender of the Italian Navy, the bulk of which is now safely in Allied hands. Thirty-two Italian warships, including four battleships, six cruisers, eight destroyers and fourteen submarines, are now anchored at Malta, in fitting homage to that indomitable island. More war vessels are expected if they can escape the German clutches. The Germans, having seized the northern ports of Italy, may have succeeded in capturing some of Italy's fifty to sixty submarines, as they have probably seized a part of Italy's merchant fleet. But it may be doubted whether they will be able to make much use of them.
I

l

!
i
w are « not___________________________
I parents out of their lhea a il nine o'clock every night. In other words there is going to he a strict I enforcement of the curfew law. We commend the theatres for this action, for If the parents of these children do not take sufficient interest In their welfare to see I that they are home, someone else must. — Peterborough Examiner.
1
ffeirra
-LA
$
r
tT
mg

t
»
i
«
r
-



WHATS THE USE?
With junior away in the Air Corps, the family again has the use of the car. However, as it turns out, junior has the gas.
—Milwaukee Journal.

a r
They Were Just Nice Little Snakes
f


ALSO CANADIANISM
Americanism: Farmers scolding workers for hindering the war effort to get more money; the nation pleading for corn and beef while farmers hold for a better price.
—Victoria Time.s
Right at the front in New Guinea are * the Australian and American commanders Gen. Sir Thomas Blarney, left, and Gen. Douglas MacArthur. Blarney directed the Allied amphibious landing near I>ae while MacArthur personally witnessed U.S. paratroop attack near that Jap base.





A little girl entered a store in Midland. She carried something that looked sinister and terrifying to the women shopping in the store. They huddled in corners and would have run past the little girl into the street if they had dared. But they didn’t dare to move. And it wasn’t a couple of guns that the kid car-
iWUlHi _ JMpjHMl
garter snakes, which she held tightly in her little fingers while they writhed and squirmed and tried to get away, and she didn’t mean to scare all the ladiet She just looking for her mother to show her the nice snakes she had caught. “No,” said the storekeeper, “your mummy isn’t here. Please go away.” And since the merchant was polite, and said please, she went.
:
i
6-7

ANGLING GARDENER
She said her husband’s garden wasn’t much of a success because
every time he starts digging he finds worms and goes fishing.
—St. Thomas Times-Journal.
BARK TO BITE .
War sacrifices are passing from the bark to the bite stage as the
hot dog becomes a war casualty
—Kitchener Record.
The Italian Navy, in any cage, is either “present or accounted for,” especially all of its remaining battleships, and presumably all of its remaining cruisers. And, according to Allied spokesmen, they are first-class and ready for immediate action, which will be greatly facilitated by the Allied seizure of the naval base of Taranto, which presumably is stocked with all necessary naval supplies.
the
“Bv the gods. I didn’t know the stores sold pants for boys
until 1 had outgrown mv father si
I
New. If we only could be sure would not be “et by â wolf." the 800 would sound like a healthy H*>L—Windsor Star. *
OTTAWA REPORTS
She had a pair of live
overboard for it; say that plasma is the outstanding medical discovery of this war.” This will be of interest to the public generally and to blood donors particularly.
we
That Canada Closed the Last Crop Year With a Carry-Over of 601,500.000 Bushels of Wheat
A joint statement issued by the Prices Board and Transport, Labor and Munitions Departments, last week said shortage of labor and transportation would result in no Christmas trees being cut this year.
DOINGS AT THE SOO
There is no hay fever at Sault Ste. Marie, according to F. W. Collins. Canadian Pacific Railway Industrial Commissioner.
Canada's piled up wheat surplus, once & bewildering and almost embarrassing factor In domestic affairs, stands as one of the world’s greatest food assets, when war-torn humanity finally settles down to save stricken nations from starvation.
Despite the increased use of wheat for other than human consumption during the past year or more. Canada closed the 1942 43 crop year with a record carry-over of 601,500.000 bushels of wheat, Dominicn authorities have just reported.
This cai y over was approximately 177,000,000 bushels greater than the surplus remaining at the end of .July, 1942, and 121,000.060 bushels more than the previous record carry-over on July 31, 1941.
A feature of the 1943 situation, according to official report at the capitol, was the large supply of wheat still In farmers’ hands at the end of the crop year. More
than 197,000,000 bushels—almost one third of the total carryover
.—was held on the farms.
NOTE TO BLOOD DONORS Army doctors talking to a newspaper correspondent in Sicily on the subject of blood plasma said: “Write lots about it; go clear
Scape Flow
Inevitably, thoughts go back to Sea pa Flow, where a once proud Germah Navy surrendered after the last war. Once again it has been shown that an inferior navy is little more than an expensive luxury, and in a prolonged war even a danger point. For, as in the case of Imperial Germany, the disintegration of the Italian fighting spirit also began in the navy, which, even more than the Italian land and air forces, was reluctant to face the overwhelming odds of Allied superiority. The only service it could render to the Axis cause was to immobilize a large part of the British fleet in the Mediterranean. But It could not and did not stop either the Allied invasion North Africa or the invasion of the Italian homeland. And this refusal to face suicidal odds was one of the main causes of the Italian collapse.
But the surrender of the Italian Navy is both more and leas than Scapa Flow. It la less because Germany, the main enemy, still continues the fight, and has even succeeded in seizing the major portion of Italy, from which it will take time and trouble to dislodge her. But it it also more, because both General Eisenhower and Admiral Cunningham have already made it clear that the Italian Navy will become part of the Allied naval forces, to be used against both Germany and Japan.

i ?
1
>

SERVING THE UNITED NATIONS WITH WAR ALCOHOL


m I

n
w
i
i
5=0
V
f
f
of
>


T
t


i
OQiQ-Q
The use of wheat for animal feed was one of the outstanding developments of the past year, and promises to figure prominently In the present crop year. Use of wheat by distilleries to make Industrial alcohol has also consumed a large proporton of wheat
In the Canadian domestic market.
During the past crop year the people of Canada consumed only about one-half as much wheat as went into anirilal feed and alcohol production. More than 650,000,000 bushels of wheat are likely to be used in the United States, Canada, and Argentina duriag the next It months for the feeding of livestock. the production of Industrial alcohol or for heating of homes and buildings.
//
U
THE RAIN OF DEATH IS DEADLIER BECAUSE OF
WAR ALCOHOL
Ê
OOOD


i
R
Mediterranean Highway
Surrender of the Italian fleet ham finally cleared the Mediterranean of even a potential menace. It has thereby opened up an unimpeded highway for even greater attacks against the remaining Axis partners. From now on, Allied convoya can move freely through that lifeline of inter-Allied communications for landing operations at any point along its shores on which the Allied command may decide. From now on, supplies to Russia, to India and to China will find an easier and shorter route than the long way around the Cape of Good Hope. • Finally, from now on, a large part of the fleet can be transferred to the Indian Ocean or the Pacific, for operations against Japan in conjunction with the American forces. And though a prediction made by Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek in his opening speech to the Kuomintang executive committee that Japan “would be defeated in possibly six months, and certainly not much longer than one year,” may prove to be too optimistic, the Japanese military masters know what the Ital-
r-x?-*

1000 pound
Here is a load of grief for Hitler packages of concentrated destruction, made with the help of War Alcohol, and powerful enough to flatten whole city blocks.
* e *
t
¦



»
Due to its "stabilizing" influence, alcohol is also used in tremendous quantities in the making of smokeless powder and other war materials. It is ^
* r	a basis for ether, widely used in the manufacture x( /—
Ze^VS^^of high explosive. It keeps planes ice-free. It ^
XV ^ keeps trucks and tanks rolling in zero temper- C ^ atures. It is used in the production of synthetic
rubber and plastics. It serves doctors, nurses	)
and field dressing stations as a practical dis-	xf {fï&j/ZrS f*
infectant. Alcohol is now in Battle Dress 24 hours	( (
a day. All of our plants are producing it . . j *o 100% capacity . ;. for the duration.	V


t>
This is more wheat than was
moved in international trade in most of the years between 1929-30
and the outbreak of the present war.
Shipments of Canadian wheat flour exported during the first nine months of the crop year
approximately
British
totalled
194243 wmÊÊÊÊmmm¦¦¦
137.000.	000 bushels compared with
169.000.	000 In the corresponding period the previous year. Flour shipments In terms of wheat were
8.000.	000 bushels larger than In same period of the 1941-41 crop
Wheat grain exports were

HIRAM WALKER & SONS
¦LIMITED
year.
87.500.000 bushels smaller.
Ho-e
American farmers produced more than four million acres of flaxseed in 1942.	, *


k
By GENE BYRNES
r
REG’LAR FELLERS—Come and Get It
U.S.GOVERNMENT NATIONAL
1

l
%
DEAFNESS
MR. O’HOOLI HAN, 1 I HAVE A PROPOSITION _ FOR YA!________—
SO THAT'S WHAT A FIEU) 1 KITCHEN LOOKS LIKE. EH? OH boy .' HAVE I GOT A IDEA:
WELL, ONE WAV WE WORK IT IS TO HAVE A FIELD KITCHEN TRAVEL WITH US ! THAT SAVES V6 FROM FATIN' IN BUM g Sr RESTAURANTS ! ,----r'l
IT'S WUR JOB TO FEED THE * ARMV WHILE IT'S ON THE MARCH SO FIG6ER IT OUT XOURSCLF.' «i
'IP
1
SURVEY
K

Whether you urr a mild, me- *
<“ ÜÜI
• e •
*
p
*
• $

*
* * *
m
?
* —"—------
* ACOUSTICON INSTITUTE *
A
HOT

CP

m

Street - Tarant*»

n

A
#

•»
*
tls* «
•HP
___*


? Cm
w.u

###PAGE###3###

MILAN: ALLIED “PERSUADERS” LEFT THIS RUBBLE
Bayshore
Zinc & Copper Mine» Ltd.
».
X
é

*
Development results on two distinct ore tones on the Company's property have exceeded original expectations. Diamond drilling Is Indicating excellent mine making possibilities on both tones with the greater part of the property as yet unexplored.

I
4

I



/:
im
rJs

§
i

V
Standard Securities Company 306 CJMt. Building ADelaide 5441
<
!
II!
I


Toronto
<
69 Yonge Street
• 1
II

N


*

Germany’s waterways system includes more than 6,000 miles of canal and river routes.
••What is the tactful way for a girl's father to let her boy friend know It's time to leave?"
"He may casually pass through the room with a boa of breakfast food."
I
Roll your owners I go for Ogden’s
Old-timers relied on their bateaux in smooth water and rough. And they relied on Ogden's in pood times and had their example. Roll-your-own with Ooden's. You'll find this famous brand le famous because it's a distinctive blend of rich, ripe tobaccos worthy of Its famous name. Buy a package today.

*



n

el.eves distress from MONTHLY

FEMALE
WEAKNESS


follow
see

«8»
Sufferers of bleeding and p r o t r udlng piles should know Bunkers Herbal Pills treat the cause at Its source. Money back If the first bottle does not satisfy. Buy from your druggist.
PILES




- ».
'm
K
>•
Lydia X. Plnkbam's Vegetable Compound not only helps relieve monthly pain but also weak, nervous feelings—due to monthly functional disturbances. It helps MM up resistance against distress of difficult days." Made In Canada.

6
V

V
- ? V
*

f!W'

Oqcfen s



/


i

StfefiiSSttâ^£Ær3nÂ<^ffftSDS12
the bombings may have to be resumed. •	____^__________
Remove Black Teeth From Young Piglets
CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISEMENTS
CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISEMENTS
LKARN SHORTHAND
SHORTHAND WRITERS ALWAYS In demand.
BACKACHE?
Look eut for Troible With Your KIDNEYS
AGENTS WANTED
HOW TO RELIEVE
severe as to cause the sow to refuse to nurse the litter. It is believed that many young piglets become stunted in early life because the black teeth are mot removed at birth.
The teeth should not be broken off carelessly as this may cause excessive bleeding if the break is close to the gums, but should rather be clipped off with s pair of small side-cutting pliers.

EARN EXTRA CASH
LEARN GREGG

PILE TORTURE
MAKE MORE MONEY EASILY. Just show our beautiful Canadian made Christmas Cards to your friends in spare time. They sell on sight Many assortments. Beautiful free Album showing personal cards IS for 11.00 and up Sample book showing Military end Naval Christmas Cards. Libera: commission. Write to-day for unusual sample offer. The O. A. Montgomery Company, I4R, Wellington West, Toronto.___________
patents
QUICKLY AND EASILY
FETHER8TONHAUGH A^OMPANY
To ensure strong, healthy piglets from birth and to keep sows gentle after farrowing, black teeth should be removed within 12 hours after the pigs are bom, aayi The Saskatchewan Farmer. By removing these black teeth, so named because of their dark color, newly born piglets can get down to the serious business of their first feed without causing pain to the sow. If not removed these teeth very often pierce the udder of the sow with the result that she becomes very restless. She may get up quickly and in so doing crush one or more of the little pigs. The pain may be so
Patent Solicitors.	__
1890;	14 King West, Toronto.
Booklet of Information on request.
If you are troubled with itching piles or rectal soreness, do not delay treatment and run the risk of letting this condition become chronic. Any Itching or aoren painful paesage of stool is nature's warning and proper treatment should be secured at once.
If your back actifca or U you have
or
ft
PHOTOGRAPHY
s
kidneys Wood of poisonous a When the kidneys slow
are not
DON'T TRUDGE THROUGH
For this purpose get a package of Hem-Koid from any druggist and use as directed. This formula which Is used Internally le a small, easy to take tablet, will quickly relieve the Itching and eorene aid In healing tpe sore tender spots. fiera-Hold Is pleasant to uea, la highly recommended and It eeama the height of folly for any one to risk a painful and chronic pile condition when such a fine remedy, may be had at such a small cost
If you try Hem-Rold and are not y pleased. with the reeulta, druggist will gladly return
up.
The Heat, Rale er Hall
At TO MO HI LB#—-USED
HAVE YOUR SNAPS
puffy eyes and rheumatic pains may follow.
USED CARS WITH GOOD TIRES See us first Mount Pleasant Motors Limited. Used Car Lot at 2040 Yonge Street; Head Of tire. •32 Mount Pleasant Road. Toronto. Telephone HY. 2181.
Pickle packers' prospects of gating pickle pickers to pick pickles for pickle packers to pack are poor. Pickle pickers let pickles go to pot to partake of pleasanter pickin'# in war production, leaving pickle packers without pickles,to pack mad in a pretty pickle.—The Oregonian, Portland.
Y
Delivered by Mall
Any 6 or 8 exposure film perfectly developed and printed for only 25c. Supreme quality and fast service guaranteed.
and
Jpowq as (jjQLD £IEDAL Haarle
quantities of that widely known diuretic called Dutch Drops. You
fully
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
BABY CHICKS
Station J. Toronto
ORDER YOUR OCTOBER AND November chicks now. You should find them productive In later inter. Demands are well ahead of available supplies of eggs. The Government says “all laying houses should be filled to capacity". Order now, and ask for our Fall Bulletin. Bray Hatchery, 130 John N., Hamilton. Ont.__________________
Be sum you get GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Capsules. the genuine and original H Drone—Decked In Canada. Gets
PERSONAL
entire! your -your money.
OU
AMAZING PREDICTIONS. PROPH-ecjes, Philosophies prevent* Insanity, hate, crime, accidents, broken marriages, worry. (Priceless). Order now, send one dollar to P.O. Box 801. Ottawa, Canada.

ft
BREWING COMPANY UNITED presents With pride another
of the current series of British War Posters which continue to be a powerful force in sustaining the Briton's high spirit
»
ANYONE KNOWING THE WHEHE-abouts of Fred J. Kemp, last known of In Toronto. Ontario, Apply to Box 3, Sprucedale, Ont.
BARRELS FOR SALE
" APPLE BARRELS. USED. IN GOOD condition, 30c each F O B. 8. Barber & Sons, 4000 Dundas Street West, Toronto.
PHOTOGRAPHY
I
“I AM VERY PLEASED WITH YOUR PROMPT SERVICE .
C-
BULBS

LARGE BULBS FOR FALL PLANTing. Rainbow Collection Tulips 2 do*. $1.10. Mixed Daffodil Bulbs S do*. $1.10. Delivered. KuypePa Bulbs. Hatzlc. B.C. We grow the best only.

. . writes a customer at Rough Water, N.8., who adds: “1 have told many friends about your service and 1 know that from now on you will get films from them for developing and printing.” Letters like this from all parts of Canada tell how well pleased customers are with Star S Any Size Roll—6 or * Exposures. DEVELOPED AND PRINTED 20e
Boy# and girls on active service enjoy letters so much more when “snaps” are enclosed.










DOMESTIC HELP WANTED



COOK GENERAL. TO WORK IN
Oshawa
conditions
laide SL W., Toronto.

good wages and living . Apply Box $2, 73 Ade-



/

DYEING A CLEANING

ÜL

HAVE YOU ANYTHING NEEDS dyeing or cleaning? Write to us for Information. We are answer your questions, ment M. Parker's Dye Limited. 791 Yonge Street Toronto.
You, too, will get better result» from your camera If you mall your



film roll» to Star Snapshot Service
lad to ^part-work#
&
:
to be developed and printed. You'll get finer quality, sharper prints at lowest cost And you will get the promptest service obtainable by. mall In keeping with quality work. Mall ua a roll for trial.






$
EMPLOYMENT WANTED

MARRIED COUPLE, RELIABLE, will take charge of farm "by yea;. Experienced with .tractor, * lug machine, genera* farm blacksmith, mechanic, has tools for same; references; state wages, etc., in first letter. Box 90, Hardman's Bridge.
Size 4 x T in Beautiful Easel
Mounts.
You can nave enlargements coloured by hand for a small additional charge.

8
%% •

STAR SNAPSHOT SERVICE

- %

Box IM, Postal Terminal A. T
to


1
RABBIT# FOR SALE
Print you.- aamt and address plainly on all orders.

STOCK REDUCTION SALE. PEDI-
Glant ce List.
greed Chlnchlll Rev. E. Ontario.
White Angoras,
Reduced Pri Loney. Burgeesville,
MODERNE SNAPSHOTS
%


YOLlt FILMS RECEIVE CAREFUL attention. Our up-to-the-minute • equipment enables us to give you the best possible print from each negative. Fifteen years of making satisfied customers has taught ua there is no substitute for good, careful work. Any roll developed, or H reprints, 25c. Large size prints 3Vc. Three enlargements In folders 25c. Your films are safe with us. Moderne Snapshots, Box 340, Hamilton, Ont.
m
y


s
FOUT BALM





BAUMEEKA FOOT BALM destroys offensive odor Instantly. 45c bottle. Ottawa agent Drug Store. Ottaw


I leomnn
HAIH GOODS
I
WIGS, TOUPE8, TRANSFORM-atlons, Switches, Curls and all types of finest quality Hair Goods. Write for Illustrated catalogue. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co 62* Rathuret street, Toronto.
KHKtNATIC PAINS
FRUIT JUICES: THE PRINCIPAL ingredients in Dixon's Remtuy for Rheumatic Pains, Neuritis. Sold only Munro'e Drug Store, 3*6 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid |1.VV.
HAIRDHKSSING SCHOOL

HAJ «DRESSING THE
Information
Robertson on request Robertson's
method.
SACK#
regarding Ha I rd resell
ATTENTION FARMERS: WE CAN supply you with real good potato sacks, onion sacks, grain sacks, #tc. We also pay highest cash prices for any feed sacks, fertilizer sacks, mash sacks, you have for sale. Write immediately. London Bag Co. London, Ont
ng Acad-y. 117 Avenue Road Toronto.


HELP WANTED

MARRIED COUPLE. EXPER1BNC-ed, dairy and mixed farm, $71
garden, rampton.
Ik# message of this
month!
ly. free cottage, H. W. Nicholson, B
poster
Britain
-<
Ilk.
4.
«
R.R. J.
- ¦>


CASH FOR STAMPS AND ACCUM-ulaiions old documents from attic and shed. Send samples, don't


Renfrew, on Sept IS. at 10.10 a.m., fifty Reg. Holstein cows and heifers; thirty-five Reg. heifer calves; 16 Aberdeen Angus yearlings; 1 pure * bred percheron
re foals; l matched team, blank percherons, 2 years old. John W. Brisco, Renfrew, R. 2, OnL -
««tien services ore
elous
remove stamps from envelopes. Fred Jarrett. 30 Bloor West. Toronto	/ .
*
e
SOUTHDOWN#
4
t
mares: S pure bred
FOR SALE, SOUTHDOWN RAMS, Ewe* X'- Coleman. IS Main SL . 8., Weston.
<;
MEDICAL
iAPEWOMM



WANTED—EVERY SUFFERER OF
try Dixon's Remedy. Munro'e Drug Store, 116 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid SI. SO.
STOMACH AND THREAD WvltMS often are the cause of ill-healih
or Neuritis to
tic Pal


in hu
une! Why not find out If this la you* trouble? Interesting par-
Free! Write Mulveneya Specialists, Toronto S,
us all ages No one im-




Ucula Remedl Ont



•TOP ITCHING TORTURES OF ecsema psoriasis, ringworm, athlete's root and other akin Irritations with Bilk's Ointment No. 6, prescription of noted skin specialist Itch relieved promptly.

Hmm
€«ml*s ho


\
TEACHER# WANTED
McKERROW
Public Schorî No. 1, Baldwin. Appfy. stating quallflcallona. perla nee and salary expected, william B. Lend. Sec -Tress .
Ret row. Ont
TEACHER FOR
;
skin healed quickly or money refunded. $1.00. $2.00. Mull orders filled promptly. Order today from Bilk's Medicine Co, Dept 2S Box
114, Saskatoon.

ex-
w



mm







SÜ
45




. » E




. - k
1
• *
v -
/



-



###PAGE###4###
I
THE EQUITY
Buy Quality
Shawville Oct. 3ul 1943
When You Must Buy
For Skillful Tailoring will out-
Poor Tailoring
Special Prize List Shawville Fair
>


s

wear

I
il
NEW SCHEDULE
—O
HORSES
Fi'ttl ot season, any breed — V Dalmif, M W Young, Ch.xs Hodgins.
Single Agricultural marj or gelding in harness—L A Smart, Warren Campbell 2nd and 3rd.
Single general purpose mare or gelding in harness —L A Smart, W Y L •Corrigan, Chas Hodgins.
One year colt or filly, light bleed — Ken Me Bane, Vhas Hodgins.
Single draft mare or gelding in bar ness—E 1‘iriv, K Brown, M Stewart
Agricultural team in harness — W Campbell, A Kennedy. C Elliott.
Draft team in harness—L A <n.art, E Birie, M Stewart.
Drftjcoît or filly, 2 year—W Campbell C Elliott, T Bean.
General purpose team in harness— W V L Corrigan, T Bean, F Bennett.
Two year colt or filly, light — 1 G Knox.
Men’s Fall Suits

«
PRESERVES RATIONING
In fine Worsteds, 1 weeds and
smart stripes
V
$22.50 $25.	$30.	$35.
EFFECTIVE SEPTEMBER 30, 1943
Preserves rationing gives the consumer a number of choices both of products and sizes of containers. Because of the wide range of container sizes and the variation in buying habits across the country it was necessary to put the system into operation and then make adjustments on the basis of experience.
Now that preserves rationing has been in effect for several weeks, it is possible to made some increases in coupon values. The new schedule is announced below and is effective September 30th.
The new doubled ration allowances for molasses, extracted and comb honey will enable consumers in areas where consumption of these products is heavy, to buy and still leave enough for districts where the total demand is light.
Men’s and Young Men’s
Topcoats
'1
tv
T weeds, Gabardines, Herringbones
>
$19,50 and $26.00
more
The increased ration allowances for com, cane and blended table syrups and maple
adjusted to bring coupon values more closely into line with the great
syrup are
variety of container sizes now in use
Road team, speed, style and soundness considered—J A Kilgour, A Smiley.
• Driving by boy or girl, under 17 yrs— V Dagg, E Pine
Singie carriage mare or gek’ing—L A Smart, K Pirie, J A Kilgour.
Three horse team — E. Brown, W Campbell.
Road mare or gelding, speed and soundness to count— L Horner, R. J, Cuchbertsnn, E Pirie.
Lady driver, farmer's wife or daughter — P Dagg, P Dagg,
Saddle horse—1‘ Dagg, W Y L Corrigan, W Y L Corrigan.
Pair matched roadsters—J A Kilgour. Ponies Billy Horner.
Pair horses in harness, society classes
1, 2, 3—E Pirie, E Brown, \V Camp
MEN S FALL WEIGHT UNDERWEAR
MEN S HORSEHIDE JACKETS
Selected Pony Leather, green, brown, chocolate, tan
$12 95 and $13 95
Cottonrib Combs . Fleece-lined Combs Penman's 71 Combs Stand field's Ac.,:.
ONE "D” COUPON IS GOOD FOR
Not More Than
Jams, Jellies, Marmalades, Maple Better,
Apple Better or Honey Better - -
or
Comb Honey (in Sqnares) - -Cut Comb Honey
91 BO
1 75
2 25
3 50
- 6 FLUID 0Z.
Store Closed Wednesday Afternoons
- - One Standard Section
or

- - 1 LB. NET
'nthg and ^ men and boys
-baberda&hen/
W Campbell, no number,
ùr
Extracted Honey or Maple Syrup - • • 12 FLUID 0Z.
(1 LB NET)
Vi LB. NET
bell
or

Gentleman driver with single horse— L Horner, E Pirie, N 1) Kilgour and Sods,
Maple Sugar Molasses •
Corn Syrup, Cane Syrup, or any Blended Table Syrup
Canned Fruit
Sugar - ¦

A.FRASER 6s. SON
or
Exhibit of horses—T Bean, E Pirie <?has Hodgins.
20 FLUID OZ.
(1 PINT)

IM.T?.Horner's old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE

or
CATTLE
Jersey bull calf—W L Lue is Jersey heifer calf—M W Young Milch cow, Any breed—G T Dagg iV Son, O Young, G T Dagg & Son Exhibit of cattle—L P Horner Holstein Producer’s Dairy Tiopliy— N D Kilgour & Son
Ayrshire Producers’ Dairy Trophy— Geo T Dagg & Son
14 FLUID OZ.
N@isjmi2iw^^wjwsia,M8ja®^^jBi5rac!i5iaeiam^,Bemmaia«n8ni*®Biii«^
or
Dairy Pails
10 FLUID OZ.
or
We have now on hand a limited supply of good Dairy Pails.
v. LB. NET
POULTRY
Hatred Rock, mnl° — P Mulligan, Harold Hodgins
Barred Hock, female — A Mulligan, Harold Hodgins
White Leghorn, male — A Mulligan 1st and second
White Leghorn, female— A Mulligan 1st and 2nd
AOY, male—A Mulligan, K Union AON', female—H Hammond, A Me
Coupons D-4 and 0-5


i
NOW BECOME VALID SEPTEMBER 30th
>
Findlay Furnaces
The validity date of these coupons has been rrtoved forward from the original October 14th to September 30th.
This has been done to accommodate purchasers of some items which at this season of the year are normally bought in large units.
Coupons D-6 and D-7 will become valid on November 11th and the original schedule will be continued from then on, with two coupons becoming valid every four weeks.

A few good all-cast Findlay Furnaces are now available. Place your order now to insure early
delivery
Kay
Pen Barred K icks —Harold II >dgins, A Mulligan, E Palmer
Pen White Leghorn—E Palmer Pen AOV—A Mulligan. C Dale, H Hammond
Turkey, male—Dwihgt McDowell, G Knox
i
RATION ADMINISTRATION
DALE’S TiNSHOP
Turkey, female—G Knox Gander—C Elliott, J L Bradley Goose—< ’ Elliott, A Mulligan Drake—Llew Hodgins Duck — Llew Hodgins New Hampshire, hen
TRADE BOARD *-
THÉ?WAfcTÎME PRICES AND

PR 2W
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Manson Mc-
¦Cagg
j '.fr-1 fro [fJ ra fa fMS
New Hampshire, cockerel—M McVagg <* Knox, A Mulligan
New Hampshire, pullet—M McCagg, A Mulligan, G Knox
Experimental Farm, Charlottetown,
ion
2
P. E. I.
Thoroughly clean and disinfect the
Remove
SHEEP and HOGS
Two select bacon hogs—K Woods, C Elliott, R Wickens, W Elliott
Pen of 5 ewe lambs—W Elliott
LADIES’ DEPT.

i
PTS

premises and equipment equipment, then sweep ceilings, walls, doors, and drop boards, after which .scrub or spray with hot solution of lye. When dry, the ceilings and walls, roosts and drop boards, etc., should be given a coat of lime wash.
With the premises cleaned and ready, plan to house only vigorous, healthy pullets. Weakling stock is a profitless

'
Three articles in class 46, not exhibited for other prizes—J C Armstrong Three articles in class 47, not exhibited for other prizes — Mrs F J Smart,
Mrs L Strutt, Mrs F H Cornu Three articles in class 48, not exhibit-,
SSSr,”lS?:IF-“fr~
•ssswer-*D K"!“'1KW4 JByrt.tr
L S”*"' "ïfftîK prod.., ion, bird, „h„utd
^Irs K Touringvau	concentrates are somewhat difhcult to
Fancy socks-Mrs J J O’Reilly. Mrs J»°“" a?d bala"cin& a ration now
'ES5S5:-	:SnSSv-=a
materials as a scratch grain, feeding this more heavily in late afternoon or just before the birds go to roost. Keep dark green, good quality alfalfa or clover nay in racks where the birds can reach it Alfalfa is preferable, if available, and if the hay is soaked in small lots, (seven to ten pounds per 100 hens per day) it is surprising the amount they will eat. With this ration skim milk or buttermilk only thould be used as a drink. This will require about one gallon per day for each 25 to 30 birds. Milk must be used to supply necessary protein and if water is given the birds will not consume sufficient milk.
L1S.NET
t
Fulq-pep
With the Ful-O-Pep Plan
EGG
i
«
t
ne
1
f
OLE
# Put your layers on this common-sense, economical feeding program now. Hens fed the new Vitamin-ized Ful-O-Pep Egg Mash the Ful-O-Pep Way get just what they need to make eggs. It is a simple, labor-saving feeding method. Just 2 parts of Ful-O-Pep Egg Mash, 2 parts \ whole oats; and 1 part Scratch Grains. No wet mash or * supplements needed. With its liberal oatmeal content and the essential .vitamins, proteins and minerals tained in the new Vitamin-lied Ful-O-Pep Egg Mash, this feeding plan supplies just what hens need to produce eggs and, fed the Ful-O-Pep Way, get lower feed cost.
OAT


>KvV
V
#
V
X
7
con-
y
pn.-0-Ptp
ore
I •
ore eggs at a
SCSATCa
Cornu,
Angus
Bran muffins—Mrs J J O’Rielly, T Bean, Mrs L Angus Crock dairy butter —J M Cunningham Mrs J J O’Rielly, P Dubnia Canned meat (not chicken )—P Dab ms
• FUL-O-PEP
*
porarily changed -to
Â
comply • with Geo I.

EGO HASH
?
Feeding aid Care W Pwdtry
The wise poultry keeper is now planning his winter campaign in order to obtain the best production.
Houses should be cheeked carefully for leaks and drafts. Drafts are par Cicularly detrimental to heavy production and no flock of birds will lay heavily if lifer becomes damp. The house should have plenty of light and means should be provided for adéquat, ventilation, says B. F. Tinnty, Domin
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
I

AUTHORIZED QUAKER FEED DEALERS
Shell and grit must also be supplied. Cull frequently and dispose of the free boarder and unprofitable birds.
Main Street
Telephone 126
I
###PAGE###5###
Service Announcements J Sunday, October 3rd
tt*t t£i:
^Arifn qoufapke&ettfl
checun, L
Look Here
MONEY
$ $ $
For Sale, Want*, Fouir!
Lost, etc.
?
AVING
Shawvill* Unitko Church Hrv A. F. Foee» H. A., B.D. Pa a tor
Communion Service at Shawville — 11,00 a. m.
Communion Service at Zion—2 00 p. in.
Communion Set vice at Star Corners—3 30 p. rn.
This is the world's Communion Sunday, when the Sacrament of the Lord's Sup|>er will b? received by people of all nations in the world.
Pic.are Sermon at Shawville—7.30 p. m.
With 60 slides, the pastor will speak on “Following the Jesus trail.” strated hymns for the song service
FOR SALK—A quantity of year-old white leghorn hens. Apply to Harry Bklsiikr, Yarm. phone 26 2.
PEGIALS

FOR SALE— A quantity of white leghorn yearling hens. Apply to Mrs. Kmmkrson Hornkr, K. 1, Shawville, phone 1U 12.
Specials patterns in 36 inch widé Chintz, suitable for Comforters, Drapes, Cushions, etc. 29 cents
Monk’s Cloth for Overdrapes, a very popular material
85 cents to $1.65
New Patterns of Magog Prints, handsome floral designs, for dresses, aprons, etc. 36 in. wide
30 cents per yard
Snappy patterns in Plaid material for School girls’
dresses and skirts 49 to 60 cents
Now in stock, several pieces of Coatipg 60 inches wide, extra quality material, for Women and Children’s coats, green, red and blue
$2.50 per yard
A splendid assortment of colors and floral designs in
Dress Crepes 75 cents to $1.15
Cotton flannel! for Children’s Dresses, 36 inches wide, colors—blue, sand and brown, 37 cents
Men’s Heavy Work Sweaters, in brown, winç and
black $2.95 to $5.25
Men’s Heavy Work Boots, $3.25 to $5.50
I

FOR SALE—Fifty barred rock year
old hens, good layers. Apply to Mrh W. S. Hanna R I Shawville, phone if)
)
I
III M
Illu
21
u

FOIl SALE— Litter of Yorkshire Pigs. Ready for delivery now. App*y to Clinton Palmer, Il. 1, Shawville.
4br.
ANGLICAN
Rev. K. C. Holton, BA., L.Th.
St. Paul’s
Sunday School—10.00 a.m.
Holy Communion—11.(0 a. m. Evening Prayer—7.30 p. m.
Holy Trinity Evening Prayer—3 15 p. m.
St. Lukes
. Holy Communion—2.00 p. m.
Harvest Thanksgiving Services at all churches.
Speaker at St. Paul’s Sunday evening will be Rev, W. J. White.

1$

1
FOR SALE— Litter of Yorkshire Pigs, ready for delivery. October 5th. Apply to VV. J. Bb iwnlkk, R. I, Shaw ville Phone 15-22.

mût
m
WANTED—A second-hand Tricycle. Apply to Miss Waldron, after five o’clock evenings at Pontiac Community Hospital.
YOU WOULD BE PERFECTLY
1
FOR SALE— Slightly used 2 or 3 furrow tractor plow. Apply to RjLanl Elliott, Campbell’s Bay.!
#
Of course, you wouldn't operate	This is only one outstanding feature
your separator in the beat room of	of the Renfrew Separator. Others
the house. This is just to impress you	include the low supply tank, ease of
with the absolute cleanliness of a	operation, close skimming and
Renfrew. Ho splashing of oil—no	highest quality and performance at
greasy, insanitary, fly-attracting mix-	a reasonable price,
ture ot oil and milk, making a mess	You can buy your Renfrew from the
of both machine and floor. The oil
T. Eh ton Cream Separator, size 60, in good condition. Priced reasonable. . Apply Mbs. O. CUTHBERTtM», Maryland. Phone 5 - 5#
FOR SALE
North Clarendon Parish Rev. P, R Stote in . charge
Charrerig
FOR SALE—Buggy and Cutter, in good condition ; also set of double driving hdrnetM. Will exchange for wood. Apply to P. J. Dolan, Xjuyon, Que.
Holy Communion —10 30 a. in. North Onslow—
Harvest Thanksgiving—2 30 p, m Thorne Centre
resentative in your neighborhoodL Renfrew goes in at the top and re	He is responsible to you and we
main* inside until it is time to	stand behind him and aii the Ren-
frew products he sells.
necessary to the operation of a
change il
RANGES # HEATERS # WASH-RITES • TRUCK-SCALES • INCUBATORS
Evening Prayer—8,00 p. m
FOR SALE—White Leghorn hens,
Mrs. Sam
one year oUl, laying strain Woods, Maryland, Que. Phone 5 - 30
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED RENFREW ONT.
ST. JOHNS P.Q.
Clarendon Circuit
lkv. N. T. Holmes. B.A., B.D. Pastor Service at Wesley—11.00 a. in. Service at Radford—3.00 p in. Service at Yarm—7 30 p. in. Communion Service at all points.
REGINA SASK. -
SUSSEX MB.
FOR SALE— Good driving horse;
eteele-tire top buggy; set driving har-light exprès». Also farm eon taining 100 acres, 35 cleared, balance in fair bush. Apply to Amos D. Af.mi* Taoe, Shawville.
m ss
LEO R. KEON
Men’s Underwear
Bristol United Church Lxy Minister :—Mr. Leslie Dean
St. Andrews
Sunday School—10.00 a. m. Communion Service—il.00 a. m
Knox
Sunday School—2.15 p. in. Service—3.00 p, m.
Austin
Sunday School—10.30 a. m. Service—8.00
DISTRICT KEl’Ii ESENTAT1VE
McKee - Quebec
FOR SALE—A litter of young pigs, five weeks old on Sept. 23rd. A choice bacon type ; one three year-old general purpose bay mare Apply to Lee A. Hodgins. Shawville, phone 122.
Heavy ribbed, wool shirts and drawers Heavy ribbed wool combinations Penman’s Preferred Combinations Penman’s No. 95 Combinations Penman’s No. 71 Combinations Penman’s No. 71 shirts and drawers Penman’s fleece-lined combinations Penman's fleece-lined shirts and drawers Boys’ fleece-lined combinations 85c to $1.15
Men’s Heavy Work Shirts plain and fancy colors $1.00 to $1.49
ESTABLISHED 1883


,
COACH
I N VALID
i :
k
Cemetery Donations
GEO. HYNES & SON
Dr. D. J. Campbell, Treasurer of the Village Cemetery Improvement Fund, acknowledges with thanks, the follow ing donations:—
Previously acknowledged....
John McKinley..............
Wm. I. Armstrong.........
John G. Stephens ..........
U. L, Dale.......... ;-----
Mr. and Mrs. Manson Strutt Mr. and Mrs. A. Johnston..
J. H. Brown and Pearl .....
Mr. and Mrs. Herb Brown..
A If Armstrong.............
Mis. W. J. Hayes...........
Wm H Corrigan..............
Mrs, E. Smiley............
Hurst Hodgins ............
Mrs Jas. P. Connelly .....
Mrs. A. Golden ............
Harold Hodgins ...........
Wesley Hodgins............
Harold T. Armstrong.......
W. F. Caldwell............
Lawscn Corrigan ..........
Clifford Wilson............
Clarence Brownlee ........
R. J. Hamilton ............
Vincent Hodgins ...........
A. G. Brough..............
Lyall A. Hodgins...........
Cowan family ------- -.....
J. L Hudgins and family ...
I Dwight McDowell..........
W. A. Hodgins..............
T. H, Riley................
W, E Shaw..................
Mrs. L A. Smart............
W. J. Horner...............
Irene Shaw.................
R. P.
R. G
Arthur Dagg Collection
i
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
i
V^Shawville Oue.
§ 169 50
5. 00
Phone 80

2 00
2 00
POULTRY PIGS & CATTLE
2 00
5 00
5 Ot
An excellent assortment of
Mitts and Gloves
5 00
.	__¦	, pee
W/ten tfcww’lfèteiting-
ceni— PatU&tifafi and
cemMwiUfiU a&
% dümimi /ta ml f
5 00
2 00
3 00
2 00
Horsehide, Kangaroo, Muleskin, etc
2 0O
2 00
2 00
2 00
FEED FOR YOUR
2 00
2 00
PIGS
5 00
2 00

2 00
Properly fed pigs will reach maiket weight (200 to 210 lbs) quicker — this means quicker profits - larger profits and less labour.
By feeding North Star Pro Starter, Grower, & Finisher, you can make from 14 00 to |6 00 more on each pig, and get this profit 4 or 5 weeks sooner.
Why not get this extra cash!
North Stab Pig Frew are compete feed* ^cit-ntifically prepared from a large number of varied ingredients that will give your p:g* aW the pecewary minerals, proteins, . vitamins, etc, so vital to successful
growth and good health.
Many aucceasful farmers in this district are feeding them with profitable results.
2 00
5 00
2 00
1 00
2 00
T1*ARSIGHTED householders are seeing the urgent need JT of preparing their homes now against this winter's
1 oo
« 00
5 00
»
coal shortage. They are acting now
2 00
2 00
HEATING SYSTEMS MUST BE EFFICIENT : HOMES SHOULD BE ADEQUATELY INSULATED.
10 00
1 00

«X»	«Xke khi ul*i «hire ihe ••
2 00
2 00
Vitamins
1 00
2 00
10 00
%
des
TENDERS FOR HORSES FOR MILITARY SERVICE AT PETAWAWAV ONTARIO
Sealed tenders enclosed in envelope marked “Tender No. Ç 80-LV7-879 for Horses” and addressed to the Secretary, Department of Munitiooa and Supply, Ottawa, will be received until 5 pm. (D.8.T.) October 11, 1943. *
The number and class of horses required are aa follows :—i-(, -
85 only Light Draft Horses, age five ! to seven years, height 13 16 sands, weight 1,850 to 1.400 pounds Tenders will not be considered unless made on the forms supplied by the Department and in accordance with conditions set forth therein. These forms, together with specifications, may be obtained upon application to Mr. W. C. Turnbull, Purchasing Agent, Department of Munitions and Supply, Ottawa. The Department does not bind itself to accept the lowest er any tender.
?	O. K SHEILS,
Deputy Minister.
Department of Munitions and Supply Ottlwa, September 25, 1943.
Here ore some jobs you should be doing NOW I
Be prepared for the
Cold Weather
Build yourself up with
VITAMINS
We carry Vitamins for all conditions
2 00
odgios

5 00
76 90
| Have your entire hearing system * inspected. Order necessary repairs.
9 Have your furnace thoroughly “ cleaned by a competent man. Insulate furnace and pipe* where necessary.
O Be sure that you have sufficient storm ** windows and that all windows and doors fit rightly. Have cracks in walls repaired. Weatherstrip wherever it is necessary. Consider seriously the insulation of ceiling and walls.
Many homes waste as much as 60% of their fuel through i dent heating equipment, inadequate insulation and <
Winter is just around the
Mr. John R Me Dowel I, Treasurer of ihe Maple Grow Cemetery Fund, acknowledge* with thanks, the following donations:— > .
Clarence Hay# . ............
Thom Sheppard, Ottawa........
Clifford Cone ..?............
Wm. Smith. Ottawa............
Mrs. S’ K. Hodgins, Ottawa .
W EN. Hodgins, Ottawa....
J. R Kilgonr. ;............
Mrs. Sam Rennick.............
Mrs John B. Judd.............
Mrs. Andrew McKoight.........
M rs. Hector Telford. T......
R J. Connelly South Porcupine
J. P Wilson . ............
Mrs. Wm. Dale................
Alf Draper...............
>

• & Oo


2 00

1 00
a
5 00
2 00
2 00
corner. Prepare NOW !
I 00
heat losses
1 00
f
OTTAWA VALLEY GRAIN PRODUCTS
THE CORNER STORE
2 00
S**te one Ictté* fate
2 00
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts. SHAWVILLE
2 00
' LIMITED RENFREW,.ONT.•
2 00
5 00
THE DEPARTMENT OF MUNITIONS AND SUPPLY
2 00
HON C D HOWE,
Minnf
2 00
<\\x\\\\\xsivXXV
###PAGE###6###
o-day, as always, the *Salada’
____label is your guarantee of
uniform blend of fine qu^ty teas^
THE HUMAN COMEDY
T
a

I ST0PPED“D0SIN6”MY CONSTIPATION AND CONNECTED THE CAUSE I


WBm.


s






O'*






KELLOGG'S ALL-BRAN every day ! It’s delicious as a cereal or in hot; tasty muffins. Drink plenty of water. Then see if you don’t agree ALL-BRAN is the "better way" to natural regularity. But remember, eat ALL BRAN
# In these busy days of war you owe It to your country—as well as to yourself—to keep “in the pink”. That’s why it’s so important to avoid the common type of constipation caused by lack of “bulk" in the diet. And do it by getting right at the cause Instead of “dosing" with harsh purgatives that give only temporary relief. Just follow this simple plan. Eat



SALMON SALAD MOULD
%
:%
every day !
Grocers have ALL BRAN in two
convenient sizes. Made by Kellogg *
in London, Canada.

to «up vinegar
m tablespoons unflavoured gelatine
^4 oup cold water 1 pound cooked salmon (flaked)

g teaspoons salt
to teaspoon dry mustard 1 tablespoon sugar
¦Bill
/
N . jjmm	:
“Going to be the strongest man giant?” Ulysses asked Homer.
in the world? Going to be a
Remove from fire and add butter
Pour Into crust and
dates
TABLE TALKS
and vanilla chill
Chopped nuts or be added, if available-
Apple Chiffon Filling
1	tablespoon plain gelatin 14 cup cold water
2	cups sweetened hot apple-
SADlE B. CHAMBERS
of melodrama.
When the day dragged by eome-and only Homer and Ackley left Miss Hicks said calmly, not keeping you In to punish I've kept you here so
understanding will
Synopsis:
Over the Maeauley house In the small town of Ithaca. California, hovers the tender, protective spirit of Matthew, the father who left
before for
may
Pastryless Pies
There’s no reason in the world why your family should not en-
for dessert, de-of rationed
how were "I’m
you, boys, that a better
out of all this.”
his family two years the great mysterious journey of
death
sauce
to teaspoon nutmeg 1 tablespoon lemon juice Pinch of salt and 2 egg whites
Soak gelatin in water 5 min-Then add to hot apple-
and stir
nutmeg, lemon juice and salt and chill until mixture begins
to thicken.
egg whites crust, sprinkle with graham wafer
crumbs and chill.
These delicious, mouth-watering Christie’s Graham Wafer pies will help you keep your family happy, help to stretch your but-
most effectively and your electric current, gas or other fuel for oven-heating. In fact, it wouldn’t be surprising if the use of this type of pie crust long outlasts the wartime which gave it birth!
joy delicious pies spite the scarcity butter and other shortenings. Here's a pie crust that requires no shortening of any kind a tender, delicious pie crust that comes ready-made straight out of m cardboard package—no flour, no rolling, no fuss whatever.
First, get a package of Christie's Graham Wafers, Then place a layer of wafers on the bottom of a lightly-greased pie plate, trimming some of them to fit the shape, and filling in any uncovered spaces with wafer crumbs Cut other wafers in halves and stand them on edge around the sloping side of the pie plate- And there’s your pie crust!
Don't be skeptical as to whether the pie crust will hang together when individual pieces are cut after the filling goes in. It will! Just try it and see for yourself-You’ll find that each individual wedge of pie comes out intact-For the filling of Christie's Graham Wafer Pie. use one of the
following recipes:
Chocolate Filling 3 tablespoons corn starch 2 cups milk 6 tablespoons sugar 1 square chocolate or 4 tablespoons cocoa to teaspoon vanilla Mix dry ingredients with a little cold milk. Scald rest of milk and add corn starch mixture. Put in double boiler and stir while it cooks and thickens. When smooth and somewhat thick, cover and cook for 10 minutes more, stirring occasionally*, from fire and add vanilla-Into graham wafer crust and
chill-
The Bat—Master
Of Navigation
"And
threw In for good measure, better too."
Her smile was when you leave this school, long after you have forgotten me 1 shall he wachlng for you In the world.” He had turned and was off like a streak. I'll be watching . .
come
He loves them all. five old Ulysses, sixteen year old
•He had no
Ackley snapped.
to talk about me Vke that.
"What's
year
Homer, Marcus, off in an army camp, daughter Hess, his beloved wife Katey. For Homer, life is just opening up. He has a job as a messenger boy and already he has
There was the sick hungry boy who »ent a telegram to his mother for money to come There was the War De-
he had taken
misty. "Homer
right
Homer glared at him. the matter with you? You seem think you're better than the
And trying to make
The bat is a very old creature. He has this navigation business down fine. If you take two wheels revolving in opposite directions, and blindfold the bat, he will fly through the wheels without ever hitting a spoke. He has been able to do that for cen-Of course, he is a dumb We don’t want to think
utes.
sauce
until dissolved-
*to
other boys.
Helen Elliot believe that too. he
fumed.
Firmly. Miss Hicks cut In. will both learn that every In the world Is better than sume-
In a democratic state is the equal of every
Stir in
seen sorrow.

Fold in stiffly beaten Pour filling into
At the athletic field, three of the fellows Including Ackley were already In the lanes. The starter
was
in readiness.
A low murmur went up from the spectators as they saw Homer. Homer giggled Inside himself ae he caught a glimpse )f Blenton looking madder'll a hornet. Then Ackley saw him and the bleat he let out was music to Homer's ears.
"How did you get here?" he demanded.
"I was civilized."
"You
man
""home.
turies. animal.
that everything in this world has been created by us, and that we masters of nature.
—Charles F. Kettering.
partment message to Mrs. Sandoval about the death of her soldier son. And there’s Wiillie Grogan, the grey haired telegrapher, who's afraid of los-ng
Homer wonders why life
looking at his watch, his pistol
one else.
every man other man 'up to .he point of exertion and then every man Is free to exert himself to do good or not, to grow nobly or foolishly, eager for my boys and girls to exert themselves to do good and to understand that each of you will _i be real men and truly when. In spite of your dif-
another you
are
ter ration
save
his job.
Is so difficult. He doesn't realize that it Is he who is growing up.
CHAPTER TWO The alarm clock rang at seven the next morning. Homer shut it off promptly then got out of liis body building outfit. He opened the book at lesson Seven and went to work with his elastic streclier.
awake. He sat up
I am
TRAINED CANADIANS
emer-
begin to human
ferences with one still respect one another. That i* what It means to be civilized."
gency
Homer re-
- w
tor t ed loftily,
"You haven't got a chance." "Oh a fortune teller,” Homer His eyes were on the "Well confidentially Ini
Hie* Ckamlirra welromte pereoeiil
rSLST loe,r7r«VVde "“action*.
-ir-sHïï
£:¦'	v.- ws-%5S7
_3 Adeluldr St.,
etemped erll-»<1-
wl»h ¦
Ulysses was
his elbow, turned up his little
freckled face. "Hey. Going to he
In the world?

chirped
on
A hush fell over the room after
she had spoken.
It was then Mr. Blenton coach strode In. Blenton was furl-he demanded that Miss
starter, going to win."
"Who says so?"
"Mies Hicks."
The starter's voice rang out. "On
There was
the strongest man Going to be a galnt?"
"Naah!" Homer exercised rhyth-"l'm gonna be a track I'm gonna run the two twen-
the
73 west
_______ Se»d i
dr* wed envelope II
reply.
»
members.

*

i
»

our as
Hicks release Ackley for the track meet. In lush phrases he told her
of Ackley's courtesy, his obedient caracter, his fine upbringing. It was all a little sickening because everybody knew that Blenton was always licking the boots of the well-to-do.
"Come on Ackley," he wound up "I'm giving you permission to leave with me. Come on."
Ackley sent a startled, sidelong look at Miss Hicks. Then he scurried out after the coach.
Homer stood there and did a slow burn. "Well Miss Hicks you
Is that democratic? Is
mically.
your marks. Get set!" the loud report of his pistol.
"They're off!" shouted the crowd and in that instant they all felt much In common as If they were members of one big cheering

man
ty low hurdles today and try to win".
robe or brunch
COAT
3
background, of his


"Why?"
"Because it's the big race of

3470
Ithaca High."
Ulysses nodded, reasonable. "All right Homer, you the twenty two, the twenty
two. the tweny two . .
He was still chanting the fascinating words as Mrs. Macauley called them to breakfast. Homers sister Bess was already at the preached was weeping In her heart, table. So was Mary Arena. She Marcus' girl the daughter of
family.
Homer's running legs quaked. This wasn't just a race. It was the test of a strange upsurge of love he felt for funny looking Miss Hicks. And It was a way of proving that maybe a civilized man Is the better man. And maybe It was to show Helen Elliott that she ought to concentrate on a champ like Homer Macauley.
That sounded
51ZE6
IE-4*
1
run
/
Remove
Pour
Canadian Commander-in-Chief
in the Pacific is Maj.-Gen. G. R. Pearkes, whose troops experienced their first offensive action in the bloodless occupation of Kiska.
Caramel Filling
3 tablespoons corn starch 2 cups milk 6 tablespoons sugar 1 teaspoon butter Pinch of salt
to teaspoon vanilla or a few drops of mapleine Caramelize sugar by heating direct fire in top part of




saw that, that being civilized?"
He didn't know it but Miss Hicks, as noble as the words she "tl certainly Isn't," she flared. She
"And that Mr. the first
was
"home folks" who lived next door.
Homer didn’t pay much attention to the girl's talk until they started that business of getting jobs and going to work, about that Ma?"
"Their getting ideas like that?"
His mother laughed softly. "W by It's perfectly natural for a couple of girls to want to get out and
flap their wings."
Homer stuffed some sausage in his mouth and frowned. "I thought I was going to do the work around here. I don’t think Marcus would want the girls to . . He stopped indignantly. They weren't paying any attention to hhn, just whispering together. Huh! Silly girl talk He jumped up and grabbed his cap. Couldn't be late to school today. "Oh well. See you tonight when I get home, Ma."
&
(The outcome of this race means
He must make
WHEN NERVOUS TROUBLES MAKE ME "SHAKEY"
I FIND DR.MILES NERVINE HELPS TO RELIEVE NERVOUS TENSION AND CALM JITTERY FEELINGS 12
a lot to Homer, good for Miss Hicks and Helen. And he must prove to himself that the decent way Is the winning way. Don't miss Homer as loser or victor In to-morrow's thrilling install-
/
"What
blew her nose.
Blenton doesn't know thing about sportsmanship."
speaking almost to herself.
X

he demanded.

over
double boiler until It becomes a golden brown syrup. Remove from fire and add 1% cups of milk. Place over lower part of double Mix corn starch and salt
She

m
was
"I've seen good men pushed aside by his kind ... the kind who go through life, lying and cheating, toadying to those whom they think their superiors and crowding who are above such

K

ment.)



%

boiler.
with remaining cold milk to make a smooth paste. Pour hot milk Into paste and stir thoroughly. Pour back into double boiler and heat until it begins to thicken.
stirring constantly, thickens smoothly, cover and cook for 10 minutes. Stir occasionally.
Post Overseas Christmas Mail By November 1



are
: ; \
t

out men treachery.” Her eyes went straight
to Homer, hurdles indeed.
that field Homer Macauley and
1


"The two twenty low
mm,
Huh! You go out
After it

on
There’s plenty these days to make people nervous. And overtaxed nerves can turn nights and days into misery ! If you suffer in this way, try the soothing, quieting effect of Dr. Miles Nervine which contains well-known nerve sedatives. Take Nervine according to directions for help in general nervousness, sleeplessness, hysterical conditions, nervous fears; also to help headache and irritability due to nervousness.
In the meantime, eat more natural , food ... get your vitamins and take. sufficient rest. Effervescing Nervine^ Tablets are 35c and 75c. Nervine Liquid: 25c and SI.00.

go out to win.”
Homer whistled. Miss Hicks was so unexpected. "Gee I didn’t know that teachers are human beings like anybody else.” It sounded so tepid compared to his feelings. He

Faced with the task of moving Christmas mail to more

more
Canadians in more corners of the world than ever before, the Postoffice Department announced last week the deadline for parcel mailings will be November 1.
Parcels mailed by that date— unless there is a mad rush at the last moment—will be delivered to Canadians in Sicily, Italy. Ceylon.	JHHBH
Kingdom, the Aleutians, the West
Indies or wherever else Cana-
1

\W





I 1
I

Ir right
Sypt WGwr
3:#
.
)
• •
The classroom was filled on the dot of nine. Homer brushed past Helen Elliot and smiled faintly as he put a newly cut rose on her Then he went across the to his seat and sat there,
.
%
t
- * 1

%

PARAP1GEON
,y - ; O** P
At;


V

v:
% %
desk.
I
!
mam
a
h
room
adoring her brunette beauty.
Miss Hicks started the day’s se-slon but Homer was off in his
A lot of things were
North Africa, the United

4#
CANADA NEEDS YOU STRONG
Follow Canada's Food Rules for Health and Fitness
T 1
1

\
t $
dians may be.
The mailing deadline is set 10 dyas earlier than in 1942.
Officials said Christmas mailings overseas last year amounted to 8.500.000. pounds compared with 5.500.000 pounds in the previous year. This year, with more Canadian servicemen and women overseas, they anticipate a total mail load of about 10,000.000 pounds
41 We are suggesting that Canadians planning to get Christmas ' mail to their friends overseas get v started as soon as possible.” one ». official said.
44It is far better that a parcel be mailed in September or October with the assurance that it will • be delivered in time accidents beyond any control — than that the men overseas should be disappointed at Christmas by not receiving the expected gifts from home " *
thoughts, bothering him. He knew he was in love with Helen. And he had that job. He was earning a living like a grown man. School didn’t seem right now. It was for kids who didn’t know about life.
He stiffened suddenly H Hubert Ackley. The big snob. He whispering to Helen, trying to
We can’t tell you just what rind of fabric you most need to make this robe in. But we do know it will make up beautifully in anything from a cotton or
rayon print to a cosy and in cotton, it’s grand as either robe or brunch coat—note the small view. You may have noticed flannel robes are more expensive than they used to be. One way to beat inflation is to tew your own.
Style No. 3470 is designed for sizes' 12 to 44. Size 36 requires 5 yards 35-inch fabric and 3% yards 54-inch fabric.
Send TWENTY CENTS (20c)
&Æ ?» ÜZ.Æ
West, Toronto. Write your address and style number, sure to state size you wish.
)
V




FREE! A Valuable Recipe
Book—"Economy Recipes for Canada’s Housoldiers" containing many recipes suited to today’s requirements. Send a postcard with your name and address witn the words •Economy Recipes”. Address Depti 4K, The Canada Starch Home Service Department, 49 Wellington St. E,
Toronto.
i
3F
f
That

wM.
was
cut In on him. And he had taken the rose and put it in his lapel.
One of the pupils was giving a long disseratlon to the class on the conquering Assyrians.
Homer jumped to his feet and blurted out: "How about Hubert
frho did he
what did he do?” Ack-
X

-fix
ns
i
4
ill
X


%
y
MACDONALDS
Fine Cut



\ ^

Ackley the Third?

S*
V
conquer or ley rose like the jack-in-the-box.
Homer yelled, "Sit down.”
Ackley was fierce in "Well, at least no Ackley has ever been a common fanfaron, a hoodlum. a braggart, a . . .”
The class was charmed toy the sensation of the two boys quarreling. It all ended dramatically with Miss Hicks declaring that the boys would have to stay in after school. And everybody knew that
name,
Wished in
Be
barring
flf

retort.



i
CANADA’S
NUTRITION
CAMPAIGN
m


Prove It
Voices of the U. S. paratroop-the pigeons who carry messages back to the base, for use of radio would reveal positions to the enemy. Here one of the birds at Ft. Banning holds a consultation with a fellow sky fighter after both had dropped by ’chute in a demonstration of the use of parapigeons.
of
ers are
d
house number and
Take your double It. Add 6. Multiply by half
a hundred.
(no cheating), of daya In a year.
The last two figures of the total will be your age; the others your house number.

The chimera fish is the only vertebrate to retain trices of a third pair >f legs.
II
•II
Then add your age Add the number Subtract 615.


they
rivals in the track meet that
ISSUE No. 39—43
were
afternoon. It had all the elements
TIM CANADA STARCH COMPANY. Wall*
I
###PAGE###7###
Season Opens in the Aleutians
SU N D A Y SCHOOL LESSON
THIS CURIOUS WORLD %%%

t


?

OCTOBER 3
JESUS AND THE TEN COM MANDMENTS. — Matthew 5: 17
20; 19:16 22; John: 39, 40.
GOLDEN TEXT—Think not that \ came to destroy the law or the prophets: I came not to destroy but to fulfil. Mathew 5; 17.
Memory Verse: I wan glad when they Raid unto me, Let us go into the house of Jehovah. pRalm 122:1
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING.
The Sermon on the Mount was delivered in the sum-of A D. 28; the interview with

X


fel
y



i

/
A t(NV IV41NUT TREE,
»
1
X
weec



CARRIED BV A PIONEER. FAMILV IN 183.5 FRQAA /MISSOURI TO OREGON, AND REPLANTED, PRODUCED $. 510,000
I


VV^


'
W'
t#C

# 1


WORTH OF VENEER. WHEN
Time

t
SAWED UP €>3 VEARS
-SSSsSSSS-HS?
%

later.

mer
the rich young ruler was P'eburary
AD 30; the John's Gospel are a part of a mes-given the first week of April
T. M. MC. U S M
two verses from
KV
to 8 Saturday evening, October 2nd. Laughter and fun will change to thrills, shivers and suspense from 8.30 to 9 o'clock that same evening, same station “Hermit’s Cave other of its mystifying curdling mystery dramas.
*

sage A.D. 28
RADIO REPORTER
By
REX FROST
— The Sermon on the Mount, on a mountain near Caper-
interview with the
COP*. INI av	. me.
Place
when the

nautn; the ruler took place in Perea
events

team of “Vic au<i Sa/le which left the air last week. Bernadine Flynn,
of the team be-
sssz
will reveal an
blood

P'or some considerable time there lias been animated discussion In North America regarding the virtues and vices of public ownership as compared with private ownership. In war-torn Great Britain, it Is perhaps significant of the character of a fighting
people that Parliament as well as the Press are currently taking time out to mull over the pros and of the government controlled
the
of John 5 occurred in
NT M
the “Sade" par
comes a formerly allotted to the serial
Jerusalem
IN THEIR POCKETS/
THEY* _________ J|
CARRYING /=000.
newscaster in the period
m
Old Testament Law
“Think not that I came to des troy the law or the prophets
not to destroy, but to fulfil/' Not merely were the requirements of Moses to continue in force, but also all that was taught by the other inspired writers, the prophets. No part of the existing scriptures was to be set aside.
“For verily I say unto you. Till heaven and eprth pass away, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass away from the law, till all things be accomplihhed." The expression 'one Jot or one tittle has been aptly compared to our English saying.—the dot of an T
or the cross of a 'V.
“Whosoever therefore shall break of these least commandments,
USED FDR.
There’s apparently going to be some delay in the return of FTed Allen. At the present time Fred Is making a movie, dnd although some time ago the famous comedian indicated that be might never return to the radio, there are at prevent possibilities lie may lie hitting the ether waves late tb» fall It depends largely upon hie
I
However, for a moment let us
come back" trail, will welcome the moon

came
look at the C.B.8. audiences Kate Smith, “when
t

the mountain" Friday October 1st at 8 pm.
feast from

comes over evening
N.B.C. will stage a the Middle East” with Jack Benny, the following Sunday, October 3rd at the usual 7 o'clock Sunday evening hour, following the popular comedian's return from his troop entertaining trip that is, if he gets home in time. If not, Jack's opening programme of the 1943 fall series will be heard the following Sunday, October 10th. Fibber McGee and Molly will return to their regular N.B.C. half hour, 9.30 to 10 p m. on Tuesday, Sept. 28th.
cons
radio network known as the British Broadcasting Corporation. The argument has been stimulated due to the fact that the Charter of the B B C. will expire shortly.
SAY& GORDON CRAMERf AAINONG, WISCONSIN
9-17
heelth
NEXT: Taking picks on a turkey
"Play Ball”
overseas
It's rather interesting to note two characteristic arguments which represent the exchange of viewpoints. One periodical w'hich criticises the B B C. on the score of "timidity” goes on to remark . . . "Part of the remedy lies in encouraging the growth of personalities on the air, instead of doing everything possible to prevent it
should be allowed to do their best to interest, to please, if necessary
to annoy voices reading scripts from which anything calculated to offend anybody lias been carefully removed."
Searching around for • code
American soldier
word every would understand during the African invasion. United States Army Chief of Staff George C Marshall hit on: “Play Ball !” He
A FARM WIFE CHATS TO WOMEN
By
Gwendoline P. Clarke
one
and shall teach men so, shall be called least in the kingdom of
but whosoever shall do
disclosed in his biennial report
heaven
and teach them, he shall be-called great In the kingdom of heaven." If a man teach that any commandment of God is unimportant, possibly behind his teaching Is the fact that he himself Is breaking that commandment. No man teach-commandment with power If
they were getting along. Neighbor met neighbor with whom she hardly had time to exchange greetings all summer. Two quilts were finished and the third one nearly done, and during a brief business meeting it was decided that we would fill twenty ditty bags for the Navy League whatever the men may say I think managed to put in a pretty good afternoon's work. What do you think, ladies?
Harvest work is not yet completed in this district have our barley to get in and some of our neighbors have theirs to cut. The ground is very hard and dry—so dry chat very little wheat has as yet been sown. Farmers are worrying already about what to feed their stock next winter. Yes, I know there is Western grain that we are urged to buy, but the farmer who has to buy grain isn’t likely to have much for all his work when his egg and milk cheques come in. And dear help the farmer who has to buy a cow! It takes a lot of milk to pay the price of even
one old bossie your milk and eggs, Mrs. City Housewife, for the supply is getting shorter every day.
I suppose folk who live in urban cen-
Hullo, everybody
Oh yes. We must not forget the return to the airwaves of the popular Canadian quiz programme “Double or Nothing" which will reappear on CFRB, Toronto
recently that this expression was chosen to inform the men by radio they were to fire away with all they had.
Individual broadcasters
you
très would be ready to take my head off if I were to say, “Darn these holidays, anyway—they are nothing but a nuisance."
Well, I won’t say it because I know if you work in a store office you look forward like everything to that day to yourself. So I won’t begrudge you your holiday.
But to people vhv live on a farm a bank holiday isn’t a day off at all—it’s just a day that we have to remember so as to mike sure there is enough bread and meat and other things in the house until the stores open again. And it’s a day when we don’t get mail delivered—and for the life of me I never can remember which holidays mail is delivered and when it isn’t. So I generally go trudging down to the road to make sure anyway don’t take any chances on missing our mail If our youngsters are away from home, do we, Mothers?
Well, I was sort of caught nap Labor Day week-end.
Instead of being neutral
7.3»
es a
he is breaking It in his own life. True Righteousness “For I say unto you, that except righteousness shall exceed
i
or
So
FORMER NET STAR
an
“American Broadcasting has life and more variety than the B BC." It goes on to say. Then it points out that the reason for this is that the four big American networks compete most fiercely and directly for the listener's and the advertiser’s favour, and both liveliness and variety are the result. Competition might achieve this without advertising, but advertising without competition certainly would not, It ventures to suggest. All of which summed up affirms that competition, whether It's In radio other line of endeavour, is
we
5	Odor.
6	Hastened
Answer to Previous Puxxle
horizontal
l Pictured U. S Assistant Director of Civilian Defense
your
the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees, ye shall in no wise enter into the kingdom of Leaven." God is the absolute and eternal standard of right. Consequently, human conduct Is righteous, as It conforms to His will and approximates to His character.
'V-V
4
limpras
atsKD Kaaa
a ass:* -
m afflKB
¦EH H31 „
CSH BflBlSBlGl
n 0HB
eaaa a
BHBG3 0
3 sa H
¦Horamg
7 Opposed to EMn|U|s|E| former. » rBPIL TjËJ 8 Mistake.
¦Ha l
We still
%

9 Type of antelope
13	Billiard shot
14	Flat-bottomed
\
¦AiTlE
9 Mooley apple.
10	Four (Roman)
11	Symbol for radium.
12	Part of circle.
14	Stigma.
15	Cut for insertion into a mortise.
17 Ensnare.
19	Boxed.
20	Name.
21	Lay away.
22	Heavy blow.
23	Essence.
24	God of love.
25	War Department (abbr.).
26	Drinks in small quantities.
28 Mountain (abbr.).
EIRE
Christ's Answer
“And behold, one came to him and said, teacher, what good thing shall I do that I may have eternal life? And he said unto him, why askest thou me concerning that which Is good? One there Is who Is good: but If thou wouldest enter into life, keep the commandments." Christ knew that what this man wanted was a master, and man has only one Master—God whose commandments must be kept.
“He smith unto him, which? and Jesus said, Thou shall not kill. Thou shall not commit adultery, Thou shalt not steal. Thou shall not bear false witness, thy father and thy mother Thou shalt love thy neighbor as
laws means sin in the sight of God.
“The young man salth unto him, all these things have I observed what lack 1 yet?" The young man Is dimly aware of something wanting, whether In his obedience or not, at all events In his peace: and he is right in believing that the reason for the conscious void Is something wanting In his con. duct.
ftpBE,
HE
o l k
TBS
boat
T A
our
16 Negative.
18 Nuisance.
23 Those who
mimic.
27 War god.
43 Day in Roman 30 Dove’s home
31	Cognizant
32	Wrinkle.
50	Cloth measure. 33 Apiaceous
51	Above
DIED
on
mrm
or any
the soul of business. And advertising in any form Is the soulmate of competition.
SE
ER
we
29	Music note
30	Calcium
( symbol).	49 Worm
32 Railroad
vehicles.	_	, .
35 Senior (abbr.) 52 Thing (law). 34 To seek to 37 One who owes 53 She formerly attain.
39	Symbol for	starred in	35 Painful spots,
selenium.	— -------.	39 Soaks flax
40	Black haw:	VERTICAL	38 Be.
42	Assessments.	1 Entertain.	41 Loads.
43	Portion.	2	Enticers.	45 Japanese	coin.
44	Silkworm.	3 City	46 Strive.
45	Denomlna-	inhabitant.	47 Mineral
* tiôns.	4 Incidents.	spring.
month
come back”
September is the month of radio. So its rather unusual to hear of well known programmes leaving the air. Yet that Is the case with the popular C B S.
plant
So, go easy on
l
ping
thought about the holiday too late. By the time 1 went shopping for extra supplies there was hardly a thing to be bought anywhere. Am. then Daughter phoned that she would be home for the
week-end! so hot and sticky during those few days that even the bread I did have went mouldy. But we managed, and we had one grand visit.
Tuesday night I took Daughter back to the outskirts of Toronto. Had she gone by train it would have cut her visit short by six hours
car—you can come a.id go as you please—providing, of course, that you don’t get a blow-out or something, or your gas coupons don’t
run short	"MB
for a good many years now and I still marvel at what can be done
Take Tuesday, for in-We left home just as
ceptance of Jesus, then we must part with it.
One inch of rain represent# than 100 tons to the acre.
Honor
more
Refusal To Obey “But when the young mail heard the saying, he went away
for he was one that
and
And cr dear, it was
Disobedience to these
HAPPY EYETIES
sorrowful had great possessions*' Why did he go away? Because he decided that his wealth, and all that It would buy, was more necessary for him than eternal life. He was willing to give up all the sins of which he was not guilty—but he loved money more than he did God.
Secret Of Eternal Life “Ye search the scriptures, because ye think that in them ye have eternal life; and these are they which bear witness of me; and ye will not come to me, that ye may have life duty to read the Scriptures. Men have no right to expect spiritual light if they neglect the great treasury of all light of the human heart is just this of which the Scriptures speak—
It Is that which the
7
6
5
I
Ï2
11
i
%
¦m
Id
17
1
14
That’s the beauty of *

21
20
19

24
23
22
m

26 27
25
We have had a car
Christ’s Two-Fold Command “Jesus said unto him, If thou wouldest be perfect, go, sell that which thou hast, and give to the and thou shalt have treasure
Z9
3
with» it stance.
Partner was going to the barn. He had horses and cows to get in, chickens to feed and cows to milk, and yet before he was up from the barn I had been almost to Toronto and back—approximately fifty-six miles, and at no time was I going more than thirty-fives miles an hour. On the road we passed no less than six cars with tire and engine trouble. I Imagine there were other folk who were marvelling at what a car could do, but possibly not in the same way as I was!
After the week-er.d was over that left me with just one day in which to get ready for a birthday party that I was giving for our Women's Institute to celebrate its
And 1 can tell
3
?
35
3
30
It Is our plain
poor
In heaven: and come, follow me” We should understand that this command of our Lord's to young man to sell all that he had is not necessarily what Christ says to every person, or indeed, to every one who Is wealthy. The reason it was Insisted upon for this certain young man was that he had made wealth his idol is anything In our life which Is keeping us back from* a full ac*
40
36
37

the
43
42
The need

48
47
46
4!
44

eternal life rich young ruler longed for. It Is that which our Lord Insisted upon as being absolutely essential, but It could not be found outside
52
51
1
50
49
k*. tM
Truckin’ on down the streets of these Italian soldiers
53
If there
7
Catania,	, .. ..
literally danced into captivity as
they surrendered to British.
of him
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Don’t Tell Him, Pop
X-
-WWAT‘5 /OUR NAME
X don't know-
WHO ARE
you
SHOVING

n
e
f
i
?
tenth anniversary you I made the dust fly that day • It was a wartime party—a sort of Red Cross quilting bee and tea ¦¦¦¦i	I had three
?
6

ga
party combined quilts set up and every woman was set to work as soon as she
arrivi#Nl||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
always say a quilting party is nothing more than an excuse to get together t* gossip! Well, I must admit tongues were wagging —I think we discussed everything from Italy’s surrender to baby diapers. Yes, there waa fun and laughter, and questions a bo vit where our boys were and how
Of course our menfolk
/
m


a-id
Bell SyeJ
•Y
###PAGE###8###
i
fi
tttl tP*CH
I

°'
S'

X


à
!
9
CANADIAN FARMERS Çdtie BY MAIL
# Everybody is thinking a great deal about the future these days ... planning ... getting ready for the period to follow the war. All realize that the war may bring surprises —but the tide is turning in our favour.
Chemists and engineers, producing things needed for war, are making discoveries which will mean comforts and conveniences for all of us when peace comes. New methods of making things, new processes, new materials, now being filed away in blue prints and formulae, will bring us many new and useful articles. Many things not available now will be replaced by better models and designs.
You may have plans for a new home, remodelling your present home, new home furnishings. If you are a fanner you will need new and improved equipment and machinery.
Now, while you are thinking and planning, you can do something to insure that your plans can be carried out. Victory Bonds- which can be bought on convenient instalments, with money as you get it—provide a means of keeping your savings intact, earmarked for things you want.
Most Canadians are saving money. Most of us are buying Victory Bonds and when we buy Victory Bonds we are helping to win the war. We are helping to speed the day of victory and we are doing something that will benefit ourselves.
A


;
i
Sk
\

fi
/ o
{>
/
X
/
X
‘A


y
\


w
*
*
A
%
?
»

ÏÏ®*
X


e-
ira
I
#
4



v •
!
7i

v
y

mm
JF ^ *. # ».x %

v
i
&

i
5
'

Determined, systematic saving by every citizen is part of the national price of VICTORY.
Patriotism now demands not only the saving of money but many other things—gasoline and tires, for example. Use of the motor car must be limited to necessary tasks — necessary to the war effort. > lany Canadian farmers find it ////necessary to drive to town to do their banking. They just walk to their own mail-box and back.
Have you ever tried banking by mail? It is so easy and convenient.Write for our folder,“How to Bank by Mail !
fi
»
4
1
y
A

x


I
i*


.


1
r
I IL

L
I
i

0
w*

1
t'-
WHAT IS A VICTOR Y BOND?
BANK OF MONTREAL
A VICTORY BOND is the promise of the Dominion of Canada to repay in cash the face value of the Bond on the date of maturity with half-yearly interest until that time. A Victory Bond is the safest investment in Canada backed by the entire resources of the Dominion. Canada has been issuing bonds for 75 years, and has never failed to pay every dollar of principal and interest when due. A Victory Bond is an asset readily marketable at any time.
I
>
“A Bank Where Small Accounts Are Welcome'*
MODERN, EXPERIENCED BANKING SERVICE ... the Outcome of 125 Years' Successful Operation
/

\
!

*****
V
Shawville Branch : G. A. McDOLGALL, Manager



i


200


f£Sa
1

¥




j
t
Campbell's Bay Boy Hong Kong	were served.
Pri«oner	Those present wen» Rev, and
rr,Soner	Mrs. N T. Holmes, of Yai m; Rev.
PSIIB
Hone Kong.	1 t ,i
This is the first direct wo» d Mr. , J,e	_	_
l
§

to
.
%



m

w
(
*5
l
m
/
- X. »


i

&
and Mrs. Kerrigan have had from their son and the letter is dated
May 21, 1042.	,	,
He stated he was well at that by Texas farm women was one of time. Recently the parents had the significant trends in the field of been advised their son had been] rural home industries in 1942. Several years ago marketing committees of the state’s county home demonstration councils experimented with co-operative purchase of pine
IIHIppSl
to spend the evening with Iona before her approaching marriage.
An address was read by Miss Eleanor Horner, while a nicely decorated basket well laden with gifts was carried in by the Misses Evelyn At ms t run g and Velum Brownlee
Iona, very much taken by prise, graciously thanked friends, after which all joined in
For she's a jolly good Dainty refreshments were served by the ladled.

Co operative Buying
An increase in co-operative buying
!
5-3
transferred to Tokyo
Miss Iona Richardson Honored
j
National War Finance Committee
FARM FOR SALE
Causes of Costly Poultry Disease Remain Unknown
Well improved f »rm in the Township of Bristol, containing 100 icres, morel or less ; good buildings, lots of water ; ‘ Avian-leucosis, a complex disease i jj clay loam ; about one mile from Bristol of poultry that causes more losses Corners. For further particulars, apply I to poultrymcn than any other mal- A
is best
trolled by keeping growing birds away from the flocks of older birds, and by keeping the chicks on range that has been free of poultry for at least two years. • •
According to Prof. C. W. Baker of the New York State college little is yet known about the causes of the many types of this disease, which strike different parts of the bird, causing big livers, gray eyes, paralysis of various parts of the body, rapid loss of weight, and death. Research workers believe that it may I correspond to tumors in humans,
| and that any progress in study of disehse will aid the work on the


%
A
CARDS OF THANKS

Shipments of Western Grain Four to Six Weeks Late
We desire to thank our friends and neighbours for their kindness and expressions of sympathy during our recent bereavement, in the loss ot a beloved
to
Mrs. JnO. I). ClTHItKRTSON,
or, Robert Laird,
Bristol Cornera, Que

<
sur»
II,g,r I husband and father.
Mes Walter Harris and Family
i
i

singing
fellow.'
Farmers are advised to place their orders early for Winter feed, will avoid disappointment and help give better service.
EVANGELISTIC SERVICES
o
Commencing Sunday, October 3rd, Evangelistic services will be held at Bristol Ridge Pentecostal Assembly with
The U.lted Church Nlui.te,.,,f |
EIEII-SSehz
with Kev. 11. 8. Smith in the message.
F. O. Routley, Pastor
p
This
United Church Minister* Meet
Present
Footlight Serenade
Starring :
John Payne Betty Grabie
PURINA CHOWS, FLOUR and other farm supplies always on hand
one
\
i other.
If birds affected with this disease are promptly removed from the flock, the spread to' other birds can be reduced, • he pointed out. As studies show that growing stock reared near older birds suffers much more from leucosis than does young growing stock that has been isolated, the disease is probably easily spread, and that the older birds are a source of infection.
age
chair.	,	.	_
The election of officers resulted in the re-election of Kev. Mr.
Smith, with Rev. N. T, Holmes a;
t-1 ¦ ry. Plans	Hi HH
tho annual Sunday School Con-1 nua]1fied Protestant Teachers for the vention in October, and also tor | Ruraj SchooU of Thorne Township,
2SdST« -Lb. rSb’V,rc »( !'.«*,. <j„. Salary .75.00
exchanged on themes of interest by the ministers present. At the lose of tiie meeting refreshments .
at
SHAWVILLE THEATRE
Tuesday, Oct. 5th
Teachers Wanted
Cartoon and Movietone Newi Time- 8.30 p. m
O
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
per month. Apply to.
THEO BRETZLAFF, Secretary
Ladysmith, Que.
!
