###PAGE###1###
SIIAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JULY 26th, 1945
No. 5, 63rd Year
$1.50 in Canada; $2.00 in U S.
The Hayes Beauty Parlour will be closed for vacation, starting July 28th to August 13th.
BIRTHS
Horse Races, at Quyon, Que., on Wednesday, August 1st.
JAMES A. MILLAR
ADVOCATE, barrister,
128 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’, Hotel, Campbell’. Bay every Wednesday morning
Po n lia tHous e, Shaw will e,e very
Wednesday at Noon
)—
Smith—At Pontiac Community Hospital, on Thursday, July 19, 1945, to Mr. and Mrs. Reuben R. Smith, a son.
Dean—At Pontiac Community Hospital, Shaw ville, on July 22, 1945, to Mr. and Mrs. Lcnnis Dean, a daughter.
Richardson—At Pontiac Community Hospital, on Sunday, July 8 th, 1945, to Mr. and Mrs. Merlin Richardson (nee Marion To we 11 ) a son, Samuel Harley.
\
etc
X
ROOFING
Son of Former Shawvillc Couple Awarded D. F. C.
F. O. Milton Dale, son of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Dale, of Ottawa, formerly of Shawville, has been awarded the Distinguished Flying cross.
Outbuildings on Two Farms Destroyed by Fire
On Friday afternoon barns, house and cow stable were burned on the farm of Mr. Gilbert Telford, Murrell’s section, and < Saturday afternoon a large frame barn, three small log buildings and a machine shed and silo were destroyed by fire at the farm of Harry McCleary, one mile west of Shawville.
The fire at the Telford farm is thought to have started from a friction spark when a hay fork rope
jumped a pulley.
Origin of the fire at the McCleary farm is unknown, Mr. McCleary was away from home at the time and the blaze was first noticed by Mrs.
McCleary in the gable end of the frame barn, which contained about
15 loads of this season's hay. Neigh- Mrs. Grin Simons,	of	Thetford lain, and the late Mr. Marvin Fades, |	_
hours reached the scene in time t<>	Mines, Que., is visiting	her	parents, 'of Shawville. Rev. A. F.	Fokes ofli-
release a number of pigs in one Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Brough.	! elated.
building, but a pure bred calf in an-	.1 Given in marriage by her father,
other building perished in the blaze. Mr. and Mrs. Thus. Campbell, of ^he bride entered the Church to the Most of the machinery was saved Ottawa, are guests this week at the strains of Lohengrins wedding march with a granary and a small garage home of Mrs. Andrew Woolsey. played by Mrs. F. C. Hudgins, of
building, a South-East wind pic- Mrs. Maye Armstrong and daugh- Shawville. She was wearing a floor-vailed at the time which tavourca ^ Mona, of Ottawa, are spending length gown of white satin, bodice the farm residence. A small amc.u Q vacatjon at (heir home in town. pointed over double net skirting, of insurance was carried.	with long sleeves and sweetheart
At the Telford farm all anima s Miss Nora Hodgins, of Ottawa, is neckline. Her veil was of finger-1	_
and machinery were saved. The	spading a vacation at	the	home of tip length and she carried	a bouquet |	DONAT Le GUERRIER
barns contained a quantity ot la 1	her parents, Mr. and Mrs.	John L. I0f American Beauty roses	and maid-
years hay and a few loads m tins 'Hodgins.	tn hair fern.
The los is partially	The bridesmaid, Miss Grace H
ner, wore a white brocaded satin gown with long sleeves and sweetheart neckline
Miss Fthel Tugman, of Ottawa, '11 bouquet ol American Beauty rose- Mat Civic Hospital, spent the past three an(* maiclen hair lern. weeks at the home of Mr. and Mrs. I	groomsman was Mr. Eugai
XV j Tugman	Fades, brother of the groom.
| During th
A. H. Hon
and
harland c. rowat
notary public
Graduate of MeOII University
SHAWVILLE.QUE.
X
BUILDERS SUPPLIES
MARRIED
mf
Bade
Horner
PERSONAL MENTION
Shawville United Church was the
Building Paper, Hinges, Locks, Nails, Glass, Paint, Oils, Turpentine, Varnish.
Ready Roofing,
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C
Mrs. Thos. Sheppard, of Ottawa, scene of a pretty wedding on Wed-
spent the week-end in town with nesday afternoon, July 18th, when friends
Advocate barrister Solicitor, etc:
Office, Campbell’» Hay, Quebec
(In Law n Blot k )
Leona Florena, youngest daughter of
Mrs. George Holmes, of Hamilton, Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Horner, of Chart’s visiting her sister, Mrs. Alt Dra- teris, became the bride of Grant Asa per, this week
Fades, son of Mrs. Robert Chamber-
Dr E. J. O’Leary
DENTIST
Campbell’s Bay, Que
Phone No. 62
hvenings by appointment
Stainless Cattle Spray in one gallon cans
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
4 Estate C. J. Caldwell f-

Notary Public
CAMPBELL,S BAY QUEBEC
seasons crop covered by insurance
Mr. and Mrs. Ken Arm it ago and infant daughter, o! Chalk River, visited relatives in this district for the week-end.
Brunch .it Quyon
Monday on request tit with by n u*- j *.j deuce
w:'1 call any
Her veil was
C. G. I. T. Camp at Westmeath

Men s Summer Work Clothes
From Julv 9 to 16. seventy-seven girls from North Renfrew county , spent an < njoyable.w< (k on the Ot-
Rivcr betweet Pembroke and to her home at Yarm. after a visit bo Ihnu .
This marked tht begin- with her daughter, Mrs. W. iî. Mal:-.Ivan Hydrin
nmg of N 'ii Renfrew Girls Camp, in, a Trenton, Ont
and was attended by girls of Pem- i
broke, Westmeath, Beuchburg, Fgun- |
ville, Cobden, Shawville, Renfrew wa
and the surrounding area.	. .	,	.	,
With Miss Isobel Sharp, of Toron- gins and otlici îcnatnes
to, as director and Mrs. Martin, of j
gning of the reg
DR. H. K. EILSON
Ml Joy
Mrs. XV. E. Hodgins has returned Mi
ng
I
The ush<
s, of Ottawa, and Mi \ of Char
were
tawa Westmeath
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat
M
Billy Homer
Gwcnneth Armstrong, the flower. r| in a pink fl >wered
. arc spending a vacation with doer-length gown and carried err their grandmother, Mrs. Ad: C. Hod- b ^ket of American Beauty roses
and maiden hair fern.
______ _	Mieses Mavfred Horner and Mar- A buffet luncheon was sewed at
^am? wo f,nudïUed“fttTaT'a!‘ï *arct Dagg felt this week to spend ^ bomç^f ^e bnde^ pa^nts^to
fr
* The daily schedule included singing. swimming, tent-tidying, vespers and an evening bonfire
SPECIALIST
Helen and Lyall Towsley, of Otta- Rjr|
M £ D | C A t ARTS BUILDING 1BC METCALFE STRFET
OTTAWA.
ONT
PHONE, 2-7861
about seventy guests following the .ceremony.
j The following evening a large re-Donald Gerrard who spent	ception was held in the Shawville
the past month with friends	at	Theatre. The young couple	left	on
Every	day	there	was	Bible	Study	Campbell's Bay and Bistol, has	re-	j a motor trip to Till.sonbuyg	end	on
and	Interest	Groups,	the	latter	con-	turned to his home in Toronto.	their return they will reside	on	the
nature-lore,	.'grooms farm in Radford section.
Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Macartney, of j Among the out-of-town guests swing	Richmond, Que., who are spending were, Mr. and Mrs. George Fades,
1 The routine was varied	by a hike,	a vacation at Pine Ledge. Bristol, nf carletou Place:	Lieut Embyle
visitors	night and	visited Shawville friends Saturday Eadcs, 0f the V. S. Army: Mr. a*
Mrs. Harry Horner and Mr. S _ I Jones, of Blaine Lake, Sasic: M : and Mrs. Roland Metcalfe lev’s Station;
a vacation with the former’s aunt
at Detroit.
I 1*. MILLER WA LIZ CI
men’s Summer Work Shirts
Hare

^ r
ADVOCAT - BARRISTER HULL, QUEBEC Consultations by Appointment
M»
Lightweight, coul and comfortable work shirts. Blue, grey, coverts.
Lightweight, cool and comfortable work
>f handicraft
sistn	...
world friendship, lirst aid and life

S1.25 to $1.95
BEATTIE [YE SERVICE
a shore supper, a	¦ ¦ ¦
Church attendance on Sunday ana evening
wmm ####-
den; Singing: Miss Dorothy Lindsay, Mr ;uu,	Stuart Hodge and
of Renfrew; World friendship: Mrs* children, of Thetford Mines. Que, A wedding of much local intere-t Mordy, of Westmeath was the camp are v|siting at the home of Mrs. took place on Wednesday morning
sSSœ,»-*,,r',nd
cook, supplied the girls with | Mr. and Mrs. G. R. Armitage and 0f Ottawa, daughter ot Mr. and Mis.
! children, Leighton and George, of Michael Muldoon of Beech Grove, | Niagara Falls, N. Y., are spending a vacation with relatives and friends in this district.
162 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone
Men’s Work Pants
nurse-i n
f H
OTTAWA
ONTARIO
i
me
Navy, grey and dark stripped work pants. All good summer materials and made on good patterns.
SCIENTIFIC? KVK EXAMINATIONS
Specialists o.i all Visual and Mu ml;
Eye Defects
W.V.L
O’Kielly—Muldoon
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins
Reg Optometris
$1.9510 $2.95

Reg Optometris

tor

Gordon T. Paul I N SU RANGE
camp wholsome meals
Oversize Work Shirts
was united in mairiage with Hub-
ert Cerva>:c ORielly, of Sudbury,
Mrs. C. K. Craig has returned to Quyon, and the late Mr. ORielly.
her home at Rupert, Que., after pev. James Muldoon, cousin « f both
spending a vacation at the home of the bride and bridegroom officiated.
her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Joe Kil- The wedding music was played by
gour, at Yarm.	Mrs. G. K. O’Donnely, and the solo-
1st was Gervase ORielly.
I Given in marriage by her lather.
the bride was attended by her -‘-‘m Glenn, visited Sunday at the cottage	Monica Muldoon, as bridesmaid
of Mr. Wm. Lunam and daughters, £>einje p ^rrell was best man. The Otter Lake, Que.	I ushers were the bride's twin broth-
Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd Mitchem and , «%. Albert and Francis Muldoon.
•	‘	| veil was held in place with « inge
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Tugman en- I blossoms and she carried a shower tertained recently at their home in bouquet of red roses, honour of their son, Lindsay Tug- | A dinner was served at the home and his bride, the former Miss of the bride’s parents to about 50
guests, after which the couple left for Montreal and points east. For Mr. and Mrs. P. J. Moore and travelling the bride chose a printed children, of Larne veld, N. Y.; and Mrs. W. J. McKinley and infant daughter, of Montreal, are spending a vacation at the home of Mr. R A.
Hodgins, in town and other relatives in this district.
A good stock of Big Men’s Shirts, in navy, grey covert cloths. Sizes 17!!* to 20.
Local Boys Return From Overseas
son
REPRESENTING COM I AN II S
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
$1.75 ><> $2.50
Service	personnel	arriving	here
during the past week were:—
Fit. Lieut. Ken Smyth
Flight Lieutenant Kenneth Smyth, eldest son of Mrs. Smyth and the
late Mr. F. C. Smyth.
. Fit. Lieut. Smyth enlisted in the R. C. A. F. in January, 1941. He received the major part of his training at St. Eugene and Summerside,
P. E. I.	.	„	.	.
During	operations	in Persia	he
was awarded his commission. While based in Corsica for operational flights over Italy he was shot down, receiving bad burns to his face, legs and hands. He was taken prisoner in June, 1944, and was confined in a German Hospital for seven months, being released in January, 1945.
After arrival in England he was again confined to hosptial for surgical treatment, and in February last he was married to Miss Kay Hodgson, of Newcastle-on-the-Tyne. Mrs. Smyth is expected to arrive in Canada shortly. Following the arrival of the Canadian surgeon who had been attending thc^youpg officer in , England, surgical treatment will be continued in Canadian hospitals.
Mrs. Donald Gerravd, Mrs. James Glenn. David. Duncan and Jean
Straw Hats
Large-brim straw hats—real harvest hats
Special at 39 cents

QUE
SHAWVILLE
Are You Making a Will ?
Men’s Fine Shirts
?
If so, and it is your wish to identify your name with some charitable institution out of a desire to benefit others you could not do better than remember Pontiac Community Hospital when making your bequests.
I
Splendid choice of Men's Fine Shirts. Plain or fancy broadcloths, a few woven stripes. Sizes 14% to 17.
T
I
man
Mildred Caldwell, of Carp


u. *
Cv
$1.75 t° $2.95
t
silk jersey dress with black accessories and a corsage of Briarcliff
S. .rsud”bd„„MOn,°"ie"y Child Killed by
Out-of-town guests included Mr. Souvenir Gun and Mrs. William Muldoon, of Fort William; Joseph Armstrong, Fertile,
Sask.; Mr. and Mrs. Steve Muldoon.
Detroit, Mich
Helen Dolan, Detroit, and Mr. and Mr. and Mrs. E. D. O Rielly.
I
i.l q
I
>
«
X
m 1>
i
Sport Shirts White Duck Pants Braces Belts Garters Summer Windbrcakers
Michael Allan Miro, aged seven, was accidently killed on Sunday by a bullet fired from a German rifle that his brother, Fred Mitro, had brought home as a war trophy upon his return to Ottawa on Thursday
Mrs. F. J. Arthurs, of Ottawa, is visiting her sister, Mrs. J. P. Wilson this week after spending some time at Pine Lodge, Bristol, in the company of her friends, Miss Bea Miller, of Maniwaki; Miss Phil Gillespie and Miss Bette Corry, of Ottawa.
Misses Monica and
A I G A H A
Cpl. Walter A. Smith
Misses Dorothy, Jean and Margaret Smith, with the Rev. and Mrs. Keilty went to Ottawa on Monday evening for the arrival from over-| of the former’s brother, Cpl.
Walter A. Smith.
Cpl. Smith, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Ben Smith, of Shawville, enlisted in the R. C. A S. C., in 1942, and trained at Famham, Que He went overlast October, and during the in-
\
1
.) A T O D 2
ÜMP
T/O .OTZOJiOT
seas
Store closed every Wednesday afternoon
toin3 UiW uoY
-oh eioafl T8 »ifi
THE W. A. HODCINS STDRE.........................
***,#*#»#* I	W
tlKpIV *»•
seas
vasion of the continent served in a mobile laundry unit followig the ¦totmu forces through France, Bel-
|#qd. Walter has a 1 at his home, after report for service in u having volunteered
Shawville
overseas a
¦<i

w
the^
!
ving England
h#Jo

V
###PAGE###2###
f
BIG SHOT NIPS NABBED IN GERMANY
$
as
j

>hefy
yy/
z



SB

k
si
%
yz
rv>v

X

S3
/hacdonaids
rlusg-sfi
T
TT



Z
4* t*

1
t
t
<•
5

X
l
\

\
m
X *
\T


X
*»$
m
4


X

\
1
/
1
l\
*
II
/
t
/
!

!
BOU YOU* OWN WITH
I
»
»
k?,
*

i
I
?
1
L
i
!
t

<ir

i
f
I .

FINE £UT j



U’H YEAH before the war, more than 150,000 people thronged the Indianapolis Speedway to witness the test of tire mileage and safety, the annual 500-
I
E


i
supreme mile race
Recently, under the supervision of the American Automobile Association, Wilbur Shaw drove the 500 mile course at an average speed of 100.34 miles per hour in a race car equipped with STOCK Firestone synthetic rubber tires, the game as you can buy at any Firestone Dealer's.



c


Have Yon Heard?
Before Germany's surrender an important mis -.ion to Berlin, the 23 ranking Japanese military, naval and diplomatic figures pictured above are just prisoners of war now. Captured in Germany, they are pictured at Le Havre, awaiting shipment to the U. S. Among them are Hiroshi Oshima. ambassador to Germany; Lt.-Gen Mitihiko Komatsu, top military attache; and Hear Admiral Hidco Kohima, chief of Jap naval mission in the Reich.
At tho wedding, Sandy, the groom, looked so troubled that the best man was moved to enquire. "What's up, Sandy? line yo loaf
the ring?"
"Nae."
"Then hae ye lost the railroad ticket ?"
"Nae, mon, It's a muckle worse than that."
"Hoot, mon! What is it?"
"Ah hae lost ma enthusiasm!"
Imagine the punishment tho.se tires took as they pounded over the rough brick and grinding asphalt . . 500 miles at speeds up to 115 miles per hour . . equal to 50,000 miles of ordinary travelling.
When • you buy new tires, remember—Firestones are the only synthetic rubber tires made that are safety-proved on the speedway for your protection on the highway.
Total Destruction Of World Possible?
Avoid Poison Ivy Like The Plague
Learn To Identify The Plant Then Stay Away From It
Back To Spanking
I '

"‘Spank them when they need It." i< tlie ad\ire lately given hy .4 professor at New York Vnlceval-ty. Looks as though the psycholegists had come lull cycle. May he it's just as well, too. agree* the Brantford Expositor. The number of rallier thoroughly spoiled, not to say Ill-mannered juveniles brought up under the "child psychology" fads of the past few years is already far too high.
The Germans came within six months of splitting the atom and possibly destroying the world In the process, Herbert Agar, special assistant to the American Ambassador to Britain, said In a speech last week.
"If the war had gone on an
^<5


This is the season of the year when the Press warns people against coming in contact with poison Ivy. With the approach of the vacation season and the 'desire to get out into the open, poison ivy becomes a danger which should he avoided, says The Stratford Beacon Herald.
According to Acting Health Commissioner Frank A Calderone of New York City, no substance has yet been discovered to protect people from the poison If they come in contact with the plant. The only way to escape is to avoid
handling it.
Poison ivy is easy to Identify. It is a shrub -or vine which usually twines around tree trunks or runs along old stone walls. The leaves always grow in groups of three. Their color la a handsome reddish bronze in the early Spring, a deep rich green in the Summer, and russet in the Fall. The plant bears clusters of whitish, waxy berries.
o
Mistress: “I am sorry you are leaving us, Jane. But, of course, if you are going to better yourself, I—"
Oh no. Madam. I am going to be married/*


*
r
The tire eltoetion to Yon ehould rentinae
WARNING:
to observe the wartime speed limit and all ether fundamental precautions for conserving the tires that
other six mont lis. it was quite possible that this planet would have ceased to exist, because it was probable that someone would have learned to break the atom without
Agar said.
// /

Maid
•>e
•re new on your rer
)
plant rash after contact if exposed portions of the skin are washed as soon as possible with three or four lathers of soap, then rinsed with hot running water. Special attention should he given to the finger nails and the skin between the fingers. As an added precaution. the hair should be washed and then rubbed down with alcohol. If the skin turns red and blistery despite these precautions, a doctor should ho consulted.
Temporary relief may be obtained by bathing the Irritated parts In hot water or by applying milk of magnesia, calamine lotion or a solution of epsom salts (one tablespoon to one cup of water).
An authority on this subject emphasizes that cold cream and other uiuluieiiU should navor ha used, lie claims they only spread the poison.
controlling It
"There was a danger that the Germans would learn how to split it first, and our scientists gave the date as Aug. 6 of this year.
"1 sincerely believe that in a very few years, the human being will know how to destroy the human race."
The Boston man and other folk's grammar, asked the clerk for a man's comb.
arcful of hia
Do you want a narrow man's the clerk asked said the man
Refrigerators Soon On Market Again
PUBLICITY AGENT
comh
1 want a
comb for a stout man with rubber teeth "
No
r
Restrictions on the production of electric refi iterators in Canada have been removed and according to reports front the industry "a few thousand units will he on the market toward the end of this year," the prices board has an nounced.
H. H. Foreman, co-ordinator of capital equipment and durable goods, said that after the couver-, a ion of plants to the manufacture of refrigerators had been completed by the Industry, production should increase rapidly. But it would take an extended period to stock all distributors from coast to coast.
Prices for the new refrigerators would he established at 1041 basic period levels, the board statement
said.
!
o
*
"I don't like those eggs you sent me yesterday.”
"Why, what was wrong with them?"
Feeding London
?
The task of feeding the millions of Inhabitants of London ( England i is equivalent to provisioning nearly 500 army divisions. Every day 3.000,000 gallons of milk and about 1.500.000 loaves of bread are used.
"Well, I thought they were rather undersized for their

»
age
*
1
i.
The manufacture of whole milk products continues to show Increases over 1914, ami In March. 1945, totalled 17 million pounds, as compared with 15.5 million pounds in 194 4.

i
Don't Spread Poison
It is often possible to prevent the development of a poisonous-
Respect the child it** not too much his parent. Trespass not on Ills solitude.
\


n: w m us \v a\h:i>
mi sicai. ixsrnniic.vn»
I ou SAI.K
IK \ IK V i'llICKH
STLSTKD TO W N S II 1 1»	ARK A
requires three Protestant teachers for three one-room schools nar Huntsville. Salary 1,200. Please state qualifications, experience and last Inspector. Duties to commence September Xpply to George Tait,
GAINING WEIGHT? SLENDEX TEA
FRED A. RODD1NGTON BUYS sells, exchanges musical Instruments. Ill Church. Toronto 2.
WK STILL HAVE A LIMITED number of started chicks two weeks old. also free range pullets eight weeks up to laying. XI<o taking orders for August and Fall delivery. Send for pricelist and catalogue. Top Notch
lelph. Ontario.
The hoard said that with pro j ductiun of electric refrigerators being resumed in the United i States, Canadian manufacturers would get assistance in obtaining priorities for imported materials and component parts.
Production of electric refrigerators was halted in Canada in 1942. Limited numbers of units were released to dealers during 1943 and 1914 from stocks built up before manufacturing ceased.
Restrictions ou the production of non-mechanical ice boxes were removed last May.
«Ids you re t.i in Slender Figure, turns your food into energy instead of fit.
J. Hugh Campbell, newly appointed general publicity agent, Canadian Pacific Railway, Montreal Campbell, who joined the company as press representative at Vancouver on January 1, 1828, succeeds J. Murray Gibbon, who has retired on pension. Since 1942, Mr. Campbell was loaned by the C.P.R. to the government and was in charge of the War Information Board at Washington.
PATENTS
Mr
GUARANTEED HARMLESS,
4th
FETHERSTONllAUGH & COMPANY Patent Solicitors. Established 1890:	14 King West, Toronto
Hook let of Information on request
hi. k
composed pleasant herbs, no exer ci ses or drastic diet.
Month's supply $1.00 p
Huntsville
1 WEEK OI.D STARTED CHICKS in many popular heavy breeds In non-sexed, pullets or cockerels. Also" eight week old up to laying free range pullets. Taking orders now for August and September hatched day old chirks. Free catalogue. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus. Ont.
paid
Dominion Herb Distributors
142.1 St
DORSET
(Protestant preferred) to teach grade ti to 10. inclusive (senior room), and net an principal of m 2-room school with modern con. veniences. term commencing September, 1945, salary $1.200. Apply, stating qualifications, to (Mias) Phyllis Clayton. Dorset. Ont.
TEACHER WANTED
I.nn retire lllvd., Montreal
1*1101 Of.It XI II X
EAKM» FUH SALE
“YOUR WORK IS
\N SELL YOU ANY SIZE OF farm you wish to buy—with or without stock and machinery. For particulars apply at Donohue’s Garage, Renfrew, Ont.
W h
WONDERFUL” CUSTOMER SAYS
WK HAYE I.IMITKI) Ql'ANTITIKS started chicks for prompt shipment. also day-olds. Write for list. Order for delivery later Rray Hatchery, 129 John Hamilton. Ont.
HEM* WANTED
Whooping Cranes
To Be Protected
" . . . and the prompt manner In which you return work is greatly appreciated."
Any Size Roll—6 or 8 Exposures
DEVELOPED AND PRINTED :5c
Don't ri.sk losing pictures. Send your film rolls to
CANADAS LARGEST AND FINEST STUDIO
Get Ritter Pictures at Lower Cost Prompt mail service.
TWO WOMEN TO WASH DISHES and prepare vegetables in Northern Ontario summer resort for July and August. Exceptionally good wages. Apply hy letter to Pow-Wow Point Ixnlge. Huntsville. Ont.
1
TO I’I»SE AN ESTATE WE Offer for sale a valuable farm In Kramosa Township containing about 120 acres, brick house, bank barn, good well, situated about five miles from Fergus, and twelve miles from Guelph. For full particulars apply to: The Guelph Trust Company, Guelph. On (a rio.
N
Naturalists believe that only 17 whooping cranes survive. A decade or two ago this branch of the crane family was pronounced on the verge of extinction. In spite of its extreme rarity today, various wildlife organizations are making an effort to find the possible seven or eight nests, to guard them and so start the grua americana, to give the whooping crane its scientific name, on the road to survival, says The Edmonton Journal.
The bird is the largest known In the Dominion. It winters in Texas and nests in northern marshlands of Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba during late May, June and July.
The whooping crane Is pure white with black wing tips and is recognized by its very long legi. It stands four feet high. Only those who frequent the north country are likely to find a nesting pair.
If a nest can be found, a guard will be placed near it to protect the birds from natural predators, lbnters and marsh fires.
Rise of High Heels
DYEING AND GLEANING
HAVE YOU ANYTHING NEE!» dyeing or cleaning* Write to u* for Information. We sre glad to answer your questions Department H Parker's Dye Works Limited 791 Yonge Street To-
GIRL OR YOUNG WOMAN FOR
a firm, good
The conceit of Louis XIV of France is responsible for the rise of high heels, it is said. The King was distressed over the fact that he was shorter than most of the men who surrounded him. He or-
housekeeper
home wage* Apply Iwiwrcnc# Ilroxve, Pox 4 2, Dalkeith. Ont.
325-ACRE FARM FOR SALI cleared: good shoreline Maul too wnbiiig outbuilding*, able tourists Sti.OOO. Mark Whitmell Ont.
H
n Like 2 barns, other large house, suit-on good highway;
MvKvIlar.
SPECIAL ALBUM OFFER
t n
AUTOMOBILE Rl MPERS AND Painter.-», experienced on repair woi k. Highest rate of pay, 4* hour week, best working condition!. Apply nearest Selective Service Office OR 2925.
New Style Album With Prints sizes 16-20-1 (4c extra) is sent with film roll
PAR >1 MU lilUlltV Kill n xi.i
if 2'.ti-
ttered shoes made with heels that added several inches to his height. The style spread throughout Europe, though women, rather than men, adopted it widely.
I SEP TRACTORS. RURREI steel. with threshers, v harrows Custom-Built f:irm wagons Moore. Tilbury, “J. I ent", phone 251.
AND
ul tiva tors. Vsed m bines, plows, disc uui hay equipment.
I: H * « Ag-
SPEC1AL PRICES ON FRAMING AND COLORING
53 ACRES. 25 FARMING. 4.500 FT. bordering bay of French river.
2..too ft. frontage on main road . to Rutter Dig wood and famous Bungalow camp; new home: oth-
Caudette,
FARM MANAGER. MARRIED. 100-Acre Mixed Farm, good wagea. house and privileges. J Kee. Inglewood
Enlargements 4xti
easel mounts. 3 for 25c on Ivory tinted mats, 7 x 9**, Gold. Silver, Circassian Walnut or Black Ebony finish fiâmes. 69c each. If enlargement cotuied. 79c each
In beautiful Framed.
It
Pageant
or buildings. Mr. A Rutter. Ont.
CORN SMELLER. FOUR-HOLE IN. ternatlonal, almost new. mounted on rubber wheel wagon. James Mails. Blenheim, Out.
WANTED
OLD PICTURES RESTORED
We in restore an> or snapshot . .
number of prints or enlargement desired. The process requires the work of skilled artists, but Oncost is leasonable. Send us your picture and tell us what you want done and we will tell you the cos before doing the work.
mttKmi
PULLETS WANTED TO PURCHASE
ii miimrssitG
old photograph and make anv
L K A R N II AI It DRESSING THE Robertson method. Information on request regarding clause*. Robertson's Hairdressing Academy. 1.17 Avenue Road Toronto
PERFECTION MILKERS AND SUP plies. J. F. Donaldson. Joyceville ( >nt.
ALL AGES AND BREEDS I months to laying age. Our prices arc worthwhile. Box 40, 73 Adelaide West, Toronto.
I
s&'AK.x.-uT.iæisi
of any other fly killer!!! Grocery, Drug, Hardware and General Stores sell and recommend WILSON'S FLY PADS
X T K R X A TlONAL TR ACT< ) 11
e $350.00. E. Hell. H R. 8, Ixmdon, Ontario.
I. I
WANTED IMMEDIATELY Licensed garage mechanic as partner. Fred Chak. Burks Falla, Ont. Box 254.
MEDIC Al
STAR SNAPSHOT SERVICE
SKID ENGINE 1*300 MvCORMICK. in good condition. Variable Speed Govenor* for McCormick Trac-
N
tor parts. Ixmdon Firm Equip-
Lun-
N ATI* HE'S HELP—DIXONS REM edy for Rheumatic Pain. Ncur Thousands praising It Munro'n Drug Store. 335 Elgin Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
Box 129. Postal Terminal A, Toronto
Print Name and Address Plainly on
Orders.
It
CHECKED
WANTED. BUFFAIZ) POWER sausage stuffer. complete, 76-100-lh. capacity; 1 5-h.p. 25-cycle. 3-phase motor:	pic molds and
cutter for small pork pies. Write, Horn’s Food Market. Port Col-borne. Out.
GENERAL STOTt€ VvTTH GOOD mixed clothing stock :	will pay
cash; confidential. Light man and Company. 3270 Da n forth Ave., Toronto. Ont.
ITCH
!
in a Jiffy
-or Money Sack
335 King St
ment • V
don. Out
STOMACH AND THREAD WORMS often are the cause of Ill-health In humans, all ages No one Immune! Why not find out If this Is your trouble? Interesting particulars— Free! Write M ulveney’s Remedies. Specialists. Toronto 2
TIME TESTED QUALITY SERVICE and SATISFACTION
For quick relief from itching caused by eczema athlete's foot, scabies, pimples and other it chin* conditions, use pure, cooling, medicated, liquid
D.D. D PRESCRIPTION G ceaseless and stainless Soot lies comforts and quickly calms intense itching. Don't suffer. Ash your druggut
today for D. D. D. PRESCRIPTION
I'Olt *41,1
!
DEER AND FOX HOUNDS. AI-SO combination fox and coon hound. AI mar Grant, Rolaover. Ontario.
Your films yiupe
levelopt d a no
printed
• OH 5 EXPOS! BE KUUJi 25c REPRINTS 6 for 25c FINEST ENLARGING SERVICE You may not get all the filma you want this year, but you can get all 'he quality end eervice you desire by sending your films to
IMPERIAL I* Il O UI XKNHI'R station I Toronto
ONFIDENTIAL REPORTS ON
:anadian gold
fines • Properties Companies
SCOT AGENCY
Four Colborne Street TORONTO. ONTARIO
Phone ELgln 4985
VALUABLE COUNTRY STORE 11>. suitable also for tourist •.w>:	Parry Sound district.
4 11 West mount Ave., Toronto. 1.0. 4 ICI.
BAUMEEKA FOOT BALM DE stroys offensive odor Instantly. 45c bottle, Ottawa agent Denman Drug Store. Ottawa.
prop,
busir
1[Here’s a SEHSIBlilay^ to relieve MONTHLY 1
K FEMALE PAIN )
SARNIA GENERAL HOSPITAL SCHOOL FOR NURSES:
GOOD KKMOI.ITJON—KVKHY 8UF-ferer of Rheumatic Pain* or Neuritis should try Dixon's Rem-Munro's Drug Store. 335 Elgin. Ottawa. I v>i paid $1.0(1.
1
EGTVIU MOTORS. NEW. USED bought, sold, rebuilt: belts, pul-brushes. Allen Electric- Corn-Ltd . 2326 Dufferln St
APPLICATIONS NOW BEING CON sldered. Date of admission September 4th. 1945 Educational requirements Junior Matriculation. Remuneration after preliminary term. $10 00 to $12.00 per month.
I
ed
To
p.n
TF.ALHF.lt* WANTED
ronto.
01*1*011 I I NI I IE* FOR WOMEN
ROSS TOWNSHIP wanted for 8.8 No way 17. convenient Main service salary $1.200 per year, duties tc commence Sept. 4 Apply to Edwin Foss. Sec.-Treaa., R.R. No. 6 Fobden. Ont.
TEACHER 2 on High-
R EG! STEREO FEMALE COCKER
Real
745 Indian Road, Wind-
Lydia E. Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound not only helps relieve periodic pain but ALSO accompanying nervous, tired, highstrung feelings — when due to functional monthly disturbances. It's one of the most effective medicines for this purpose. Pinkham's Compound helps naturel Follow label directions. Try it!
puppies, 14 beauties sor. Ont
old
You Will Enjoy Staying At
rhe ST. REGIS HOTEL
2$
BE A HAIRDRESSER
WANTED TO PURCHASE P11L-let*. nil breed* from 8 weeks up to laying Good price* naid. Apply to Box 38. 73 Adelaide W ronto
JOIN CANADA'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity. Learn Hairdre*aln*
Pleasant dignified profession, good wagea. thousands successful Maivel graduates. America’s greatest system. Illustrated catalogue free Write or call
ItARVEI HAIRDRESSING S' HtMtl.S
*5* III A U ift W . TORONTO Hr hr -	44 King St. Hamilton
4k 74 Rideau Street, Ottaw
ONTO
GOLDIK-McCl LIAMJGH 100 HORSEpower Steam Engine, perfect condition. One Warren Steam Pump size 10 x 12 x 12. y*e Warren Steam Pump size 12 x 12 x 12. One Smart-Turner Duplex Steam Pump size 7% x 4ty x 10. All In perfect condition.
With Oath, Skew-
er asJ Felepke
BRANT CO.; 5 MILES SOUTH OF Brantford. Experienced female Protestant teacher. S.S. No. 4. Brantford Twp. Salary $1.500.0"
. State qualification*, also former Inspector. Personal application preferred If possible. Gordon Kellam, Sec.-Treaa.. R.R. No. 2 Brantford, Ont.
Mingle, #3.0#
El El. WOOD W 4
Denble
CORD WOOD MAPLE. Bf Mixed, edging*
wood. Hive full particulars nmf
b'*i orf'-e* on car. Walter Schlea*. 19 Mellndi Street, Toronto.
!¦« Nlsktly.
S her bo urn a at Carltoe
VfCfTAliC
JjfdU C (PkJthwHd
Also slabs rwid Hardwood and
I
CROWN IRON A METAL CO„ HAMILTON, ONT.
ISSUE
IM0
###PAGE###3###


<
<
Delicious and Refreshing
<
<
By
1


Gwendoline P Clarke
MM I of GINGER FARM
?	IIL—- -	" — - -v^r> —• ^.rt
It I* said that wc should count | the release and then I suddenly
realised that not only the wringer, hut the motor had stopped
tried to remember all the things I had

IV



#
a
Y thousands




/
that flay as lost on which we learn nothing'**new.
Well, last Wednesday I learnt plenty—but to say I was scared in the process Is to put it mildly.
You see I set out to do another big washing -with my electric washer, you understand. The first Unie I used It Daughter was helping me but on Wednesday I went at It alone. Everything went fine at first. 1 started the motor and left the gyrator to do the work while I fed the chickens, thinking how marvellous It was to be ablle to do two Jobs at one i time—and with much ease. On my I return there were the towels and | things all ready to rinse then my troubles began.

1
over heard about what to do when a fuse blows out because by tiiis time It had dawned that that
OF BUSY CANADIAN HOUSEWIVES
on me was what had really
Kellofcg’s cereals have an important place in Canada’s kitchens—now, more than ever. Appetizing anytime— for breakfast, lunch, between meal snacks. Add flavour to ‘leftover’ dishes, too!
happened
«
I didn't want to bother the men because they were Mill at the barn milking

I
Ko I wyit down cellar and fried to figure things out for myself.
i
m
I
Shut off the
power. I experimented with that idea until I was certain I had It right. And #lH,l 1 was It was daylight mo that what l was doing didn't make itself fell at the barn!
/
WR
*•
LOUIS ARTHUR CUNNINGHAM
CHAPTER X
-Lies and deception and — and cruelty," said Meridel. "It is all Chat and more. It Ik " she looked stout her. "1 shall leave the children with you, please, Miss Car rick. I in list talk to my uncle at
•i/ce "
She was waiting at the foot of the stairs when Rudolph came down after conducting the visitors to his mistress' apartment.
"Why, Rudolph?" she said at length. "Why did you do this?"
He gazed fixedly at the carpet, s voice was very low, very hum-
motive other than kindness and the desire to spare you further pain."
But

mm
*
Removf
burnt out fuse —re* Pla< e with a new one" Yea. but which fuse? There were six of
I hem. 1 studied the direction of the wires in my mind's eye con net ted them with the fuse to
No. I didn’t get my fingers In
I had had enough but no one
"You are. as always, kind, madame." Mi ridel smiled up at her and curtsied. "And it was a lovely play, for which I thank you on behalf of the little ones and myself. But now the play is ended, you
str And thi*# time the princess really does become Cinderella."
The train whistled drearily and
#
ils light shone u liitvly through the darkness. The silent children, clutching their little suitcases, were shepherded on to the dingy train; then Meridel got on. and finally Rudolph
But warm was their welcome at the Coq d or. "Stay with me to-Jules stepped hack when el told him they would shelter with him until tomorrow. "Stay with me always! I have this big house warm. All furnished. My business is good here. It is well here."
From then on there was a new partner, a new maître d hotel, at the sign of the Golden Cock. Rudl!
Emil and Magda played each evening while dinner was being served, sometimes Meridel sang, and when that sweet contralto came stealing into the ears of the guests the sound of cutlery, of clinking glass, of fiusy talk, died out and everyone listened rapily and marveled and gave the full meed of applause. Who was this lovely girl, they wondered. who looked like a queen, who made the beauties of the screen look artificial? What was her history?
Rosine had written to madame to tell her how they fared at the Coq dor:
To say we are as happy here as at Philibert would he no lie, madame, and no reflection. I trust, on the wonderful kindness you showed to us. We shall always remember that and bless your generous heart. But here too we are happy; here we have found a true
and loyal friend and honest \\?I-come. Uncle Rudi has Invested the money he had saved. with Jules, and Is mw part owner of the Coq <Vur. Ire is maître d'hotel and how proud you would he to see him in that role!
the wringer warnings about that had warned me how a loose thread
V
I
or a fringed edge can réduit in towels twisting themselves around the wringer worse than anything I ever saw. In my Ignorance 1 saw no reason why the cotton bags I was rinsing shouldn't drop down on the other aide of the wringer unassisted. So i went merrily on, feeding bags and towels to the wringer without paying much attention to what they were doing. I was too busy diving for the next one to put through. Suddenly I noticed the rollers well padded, knew
was supposed to rollers but before 1 could do It
whlih | thought they belonged. Ik-elded which was which, put in new fuse, turned on the power,
pugged in the
'e WorL.SaW
vm
%
y/»
i
came upstairs washer and presto! sway she . went. The towels and bags were I finally untangled and In about twenty minutes my heart beat had returned to normal. But what a lot I learned Iri half an hour! Experience is a good feather, incidentally. had I examined the fuse more closely I would have seen that the burnt out one had I turned black In the centre so I I need not have worried about I which was the one to replace. I But that, of course, was something I else ! didn't know.	I

BOYS! GIRLS! They're free
9 Colovred<ords In every pockoge. Sove ’«ml Trade 'em!
see

8F
"I knew from the start it was wrong, Meridel. But hear me — bear me and try to forgive."
"You were You never w Ilian that, were you?"
"No, Meridel."
"All the letters, the pictured, the glowing stories you sent to us, your kinsmen and kinswomen In Grutsen
"All lies. 1 thought, you see. that no one would ever find out. This was another world and 1 did not dream that the two worlds would soon be hurled together. The first Intimation I had of your coming was when 1 saw the piece In the paper and your pictures and the story about your rich uncle In Canada. I confessed to Madame
Fabre-Lusignan at once. She is so kind and good. She would not hear
of my telling you that I was only a servant, only a poor failure. She was once the famous actress. Mi-
mi Fabre- "
"We must go from here at once, you understand."
bad more ha> ready for the barn than Partner and young sould handle alone that is if they were to get it In before rain tame again. So we asked our local Hep'
for a Farm Commando. The man who came was strong, willing and knew what he was doing, so ’he men got along fine that is. until five o'cloc k when i a in put an end to haying for that day.
Before he went our Commando remarked--"You don’t know what those two home-cooked iueals have meant to me. Mrs. Clarke, i live in restaurants all the time and I’m telling you, you peuple in the country have no idea what that really means and how sick and tired we get of it all."
J thought it was very nice of the fellow to voice his appreciation that way. He could easily have taken it all foi granted.
John
M'lM "* #».
t
I
well what do release the
I
very
happened and
the
All
three floors
something wringer stopped working. I think heart stopped too—or if it didn't it was somewhere up In my mouth. "What have you done ...what kind of a stupid fool
You
my

all lies. Rudolph?
#

Of course we are right into the haying- and drying weather most of last week. Towards the end of the week we
it was such good
are you?" I asked myself
I really thought I had broken something. However I sprung

4772
see
SIZES
12 20
SHADES OF 49— IN GERMANY
X

"1
r
t
1
German Submarines Had Our Tide Tables
V*
I
¦:

«
r

The U-6ML first German >ub-ttui me to surrender in North American waters, contained a lot of very interesting items. One was a set of tide tables fur the St. Lawrence River mouth and the Ray of Fundy. Printed on blue cardboard, the German charts were
linn nrti Add*1 mi win lu N.«Vu« .iu-
las 299."
Naval of flea is pointed to this discovery as an example of the thoroughness of German intelligence surveys, and stressed the need for continued observance of security regulations.



ïpiï
r
'

:

>
/

#4

&
A

#
>
I

*
i
Hut of course. 1 will go with
t.
*»
n
you, if you will have me. I have oney saved. I wanted ma-
I 4
è
WÊÊm
m :
rouie
«lame to use it for you. Klie would not. Now we shall go anil we shall be happier. I know I shall sleep better at night. I'll do anything.
I +


1
R
*

BlCl<£
i

k

x l
it ?
*
i
k

r
i
i
i



the
I’m enre 1 can find work in city as a waiter or doorman or the like. I can keep you and Rosine and Pol Martin
shall h«‘ not rich

r
Herr'» Lzv hot weather sewing for you! BIoum* of Pattern 4772 is all one piece, including sleeves. No side seams; just wrap and tie it! Draw string neckline; dirndl skirt.
Pattern 4Î72 comes in Misses' «¦izes 12. 14, 11», 18 and 20. Size If# takcv 3 yards 39-inch material.
Send twenty cents <20cI in coins (stamps cannot he accepted ) for this pattern to Room 421. 73 Adelaide St . West, Toronto, plainly «-ut. name, address mimlx r

/
*


I know 1 can maybe
r
We
!
THE BEST WAY TO KILL FLIES
but—"
-Poor Rudi! Go now. please, and make ready. We shall carry with ns only the things we brought. We shall thank Madame Fabre-Lusignan. Yes. I have heard of Miint Fab re as a great actress. 1 have proof of it now."
"Thank you. child spoke from the dimness of the landing. "1 could not help hearing you, though 1 would make no apologies for listening. And it is we,I 1 did hear; I think 1 can understand now why you feel as you do about — about the little game of make-believe we played. Relieve me, it was never staged from any

<
V
1

+

Â
"Pol Martin and Rosine are well. They love their school and they are happiest when they go skating or skiing or on the toboggan with their playmates. Rut they are always asking for you and when will Roger come hack and when will they go to Philibert. And all I can answer is soon, and I hope that is really the truth. You are good friends, our first friends in this country and you have a place in our hearts.
"I guard the picture you gave me. 1 think I shall always treasure it. Have you had any news of that one?"
It had been very lonely for the old lady after the Morplns had left her. Never before had she realized how much she was dependent on Rudolph, how much the smooth running of the great house had rested with him. True, Cleaner was capable and willing and the government officials had sent a very fine man. Gerard Chamber-land, to help look after the children. and another governess. Miss Rightly, had come to assist gentle Miss Garrick. But there was no one like Rudi. no one like Meridel and madame often wept when she thought of little Rosine and Pol Martin.
The noisy lmnkfne of a motor horn aroused her from her dreaming. Roger! The /1ght of that tall, spare, blue-clad figure brought a rush of gladness to madame'# heart. *}Tou — you young fiend!" she called. "Stop that horrible noise at once and come up here!"
(To Be Continued)

10c package of WILSON’S FLY PADS wiU kill more flies than $5.00 worth of any ether fly killer f The old reliable way for AS years. Uk WILSON'S FLY PADS today I
Print
style
Reminiscent of the days of the California gold rush is this picture showing German war refugees in a train cf ox-drawn "covered wagons" as thev returned to Bavaria from Pilsen, Czechoslovakia.
M .ida me
vW\
THE BOYS OVERSEAS STM NEED MAGAZINES

'Mr
'A*- v
! I r )


m
n r<!
t
!




.«0
Keep sending them

#
*:¦
n#
8 !

i
«
«9
u

Li



-

%



i
1
Ï
>

]]

vX

7 >

y
»
&
ft
V
k
>
I
1
M
> • '
i

t
ru

I 0^-
--
1
A
<!
Mr

#
I
1

HI
l
t
c


t
Sow Had 6 Reasons For Staying In Hole

k

y

OTEL METROPOLE

'mm.

I
Two marines oil Okinawa who dived into a foxhole in a night air raid had the company of a sow which would not budge.
Master Sergeant Joe Tyson, Jr* Oregon, Mo., and Pfe, ^.Wslter Dahl of Puposky, JMinm, stayed with the sow tkjpKr n 1*1*11» %nd the next morning found she had six reasons for not moving—six little
Pig*
J
All Beautifully Furnished | With Running Water.
RatetT	-

\
<

i
At

i
$1.50 op
• AGARA FALLS
OPPOSITE N R' STATION

Contributed by
D&WBS BLACK HORSE BBiSWSSiY
Sergeant Tyton Bud Private Dahl dug themselves mother Hole.
V
CUE 29—1945
/
###PAGE###4###
m


THE EQUITY


m
Thursday, July 26, 1945
r.

\
j


Adult Camp Announces Scholarships
AND RESISTANCE
THE COPE or STRENGTH A,
.	.	'	\ x \ ;
Scholarships to adult students will be awarded by Camp Macdonald which holds its tilth annual session Lake Mvmphramagog, August 26 to September 3. This announcement was issued by R. Alex Sim, Director of the camp, which is now known as a School of Community Programs.
A special effort will be made to see that representatives of Pontiac County are enabled to take advantage ot this interesting course. Every year more students are attracted from outside of Quebec and Ontario, tlie Maritimes, the United States and Newfoundland, registered this year from California. Nevertheless the management of the camp is desirous of maintaining a large group of leaders from the Quebec Adult Education Movement.
With the coming of peace, people everywhere are anxious to find ways of increasing their knowledge of world affairs, and at the same time of building communities that will be attractive to young people as well as adults. There is an awakened interest to-day ui community centres radio listening groups, film circuits, libraries and recreation. To train leaders for these activities is the purpose of the School of Community Programs.
planning, group work, and community organizations will be offered along with Skill Sessions in discussion leadership, procedure of meetings, recreation, community singing, dramatics, posters and display work, and publicity writing, will include Dr. W. C. Hallenbeck. Dr. Lois Timmins, both of New ; Paul Simon, of Pittsburg; H. R. C. Avison, of Macdonald College and M or ley Toombs, of the National Film Board.
Those who are interested in applying for a scholarship to the School of Community Programs are urged to consult their county representative on the Quebec Council of Farm Forums, or write R. Alex Sims, at Macdonald College Post Office, Que.
ANNOUNCEMENT
t
V .
>
/
V
r
on

• %


>
yte? *
x
&a
We wish to announce to our many friends and customers that within ten days or so we are starting to renovate the present premises we now occupy in the Horner Block
V.


. À
â
W
x
» «
/
i

l

In order to cany on our business we arc moving into the Cotie Block, one door this side of the Cotie Store, until such time as we are able to return to our present location to a modern and up to date Furnishing Store which this community warrants.


x
One student has
J
*
We would ask that any inconvenience this change in location may cause be overlooked during our period of renovating for we will endeavor to give a» good service as possible under the circumstances.
'JF

t
ontrio’*
X

»DOtO <*
1
«tONlOtj
Courses in program

/




The staff.


Store closed Wednesdays at 12 o'clock, noon.



I

r


>
^ is


X
I

I
Handicrafts For Sailors
(1
The protective principle of armor! That is what you get in Dunlop Armori>ed Tires* The use of cooler-running compounds • . • specially toughened tread stock • . * abra-
ftfoa Armor i-
op as
FM I
ma
Londonderry, in Northern Ireland, has long been a port of call for Canadian, British and American warships on North Atlantic convoy duty.
Lazing on the backwaters of the River Foyle, half a day’s run from , the sea, it is a haven where sailors» rest after arduous days and nigl^j at sea.
But sailors don’t rest ftff long are constantly searching for new forms of entertainment. So it is not surprising that from London-dary should come news of some-
thillg UfiTtrxeill iu the W«> uf ie vitrei-
tion that the sailors started for themselves and that is being backed by the Canadian Red Cross.
Lieut. Ross E. Hamilton, R. C. N.
V. R., of Saskatoon, drafted tfce original plans for this activity. To some Canadian tars he sold the idea of making things for themselves and he furnished them with the materials, some insignificant items, bits of coloured string, pieces of felt and leather, needles and thread. But these five articles now are the basis of a booming recreational business and Lieut. Hamilton describes the response of the sailors as "terrific.”
The boys went back to their ships and started making such things as belts and naval crests. Their shipmates picked up the idea and soon the demand for materials was so great that it could no be met Canadian sailors were reviving the old art of handicraft as an antidote for wasted leisure hours and were getting a big thrill out of it.* „
An appeal to the Canadian Red Cross brought immediate results.
To Londondary went 26 large packing cases of tools and materials to keep this activity going. And into the picture stepped a trained Red Cross diversional therapist, Miss G Raymond.
With little more than an infectious personality and an indefatig-1 Those leaving the Armed 6 able devotion to duty, Miss Raymond i may use their re-establiehme went to work to build up an indus- dit to buy tools, instruments or try with tonic value for seagoing equipment necessary in heir civil-men and by means of which they ian trade, profession or business, could fill their idle minutes in a I	v ; v,
• useful JÊÊBKÊL
Canadian by birth, Miss Raymond I __ _ _ __ _	.
has lived in England since 1930. She | R C. A. F. Continues to joined the Canadian Red Cross in 1942, took her handicraft training at Schools in Burmingham and London and then went on duty at Taplow and Horley military hospitals. She
FARM SUPPLIES
g
V I
<
11
sk>(i-resisting sidcwalLooritpqi ^here arc the	in the Du
zing Process**!» again identify D “The World’s Finest Tire". For Armorized Tires give you greater resSfaitOu to road shocks, to cuts and wear ... to heat and strain . . . and greatly increased lift and service far exceeding what you ever ud in the»e times.	A
A
1
I
We have now on hand a number of
Four-Gallon Water Fountains
Tor Chickens
and some
Beatty Stock Pumps
lop
and
MU*»»»01

'ft
#
“2TS*
-
bt
i/V-
ex

. * •
are eligible for a New Tire Permit see
/> Dealer NOW about ires . . . with the famous Construction*
your nedrest Jhndnl Dunlop Armorizet-gTi
Cable (%rd
I
1er r
QgrtleP
Tire»-
B
A Vital Contribution to Modem Motoring by
DALE’S TINSHOP
fil
»
1
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
MAKERS OF THE WORLD'S FINEST TIRES
P
FOR DUNLOP TIRES
JOHN L. HODGINS
WOODS MILK COOLER
AND SERVICE SEE
Every serviceman or servicewoman is entitled to free dental service after leaving the service as indicated by the final service examination. Application must be made ’ I within 90 days after discharge. K
r
LIVE POULTRY WANTED
Cools Milk below SO degrees in one hour
A
-
?•; t
Live Poultry will be received by the Shawville Egg and Poultry Association every Thursday morning commencing July 5th.
The poultry will be picked up by the Upper Ottawa Poultry Products, Renfrew, and will be paid for on a dressed basis.
SHAWVILLE EGG and POULTRY ASSOCIATION
Orla A Young, Manager
.
Services

V.v

vy.:>v


i
sant manner.



r
4
>
JT	w

Fly Mail Overseas
F


?
While Canadian troops remain in ^
—M I Æ II ¦ ¦ I ,__iropc they will contiue to get -next m°ved to London headquarters i their mail from home through the to start work on diversions! therapy fl,ing postmen of the R. C. A. F. for Canadian prisoners of war in For 18 months squadron 168, the ¦errp.sny jir.^	imaii boys of No. 9 Transport group,	...
This latter work was in the form ba, flown the familiar blue forms Notice is hereby of a correspondence courte system. and ordinary letters to Iceland. Italy, LBERT CHARLES Parcels containing an average of one the United Kingdom, France, Hoi- [Quebec, will apply sample and material for ten pieces land, Belgium, Germany and Egypt, I of Canada at «he of work were despatched to the carrying mail both ways between, prisoners and in one year over a 8ervicemen and their families and I from Ms wife, thousand parcels a month were made j Mends at borne.
five months of 1944 it carried #14,040 pounds of mail on
*'‘JK

PUBLIC NÔTJCE
IF
tf
t

N SCHOOL HOARD
a




vuiy lath, 11*45

given that HF.R-HOBBS. Quyon.


t - • < r
Clarendon School Board met on

¦

date, present: Chairman

to the

Walsh and Cocars. Brownlee, Dagg,

1
•i
’-•if >-
milk cooling IV farmers, the Wot
______. The wi
reliable, trouble-turers of electric farm 4 td M. cans.

B
newly elected Comrs. having bed . to their oath of office
Board. t%at Comr.
< h;m rnarW' t\
Y
B
PC:
t Of
•s
ltry.
up.


In Londondary, with the basis-
E	!MEr&S&m
a	*5»
and four nights.	| Commander Len Fraser, of Vancou-
*	*	- ..... . X— ¦ —	-	1 ver, a veteran of Canadian Bomber
m .	_	* . t	_ Group, flies twice a wpek both ways
Todays veteran b able |o use his between E Ottawa arid Prestwick,
R.
Solicitor
Sizes to
from
July
1945.
uli
V
Avis est	par 1<
HERBERT
on, Quebec, Aenundcra Canada à la prêtent^. a
*p.mV,UUAISVd"rrSF
arks Con \ Quit d'adtW t f r*.	, j
I MILLAR WALLACE, Av Le 19 Juillet 1945 t Hull, 4
Moved in an*p Tracy that Comr. e pointed Chairman, - ried. Comr Walsh
Toat
be ap-
%
For'ftirher Information apply to
t
g.
SHAWVB.LE
I. HOB
BS
QUEBEC
and Comr. Brownlee
Ms
of the Board, by Comr. ^
alsh that the
be paid: / %
BURTO
iîMO
/
Telephone, 136-J
# * ••• »
• f • • •

J. Caldwell i by Comr Hobbs to adjourn, J. A. DEAN.
Secretary-Treasurer A
making the trips cm schedules, as regular as those established by com-
¦ I	lines. '
1
nuns on insurance issued by the Dominion Government., ,	'
R

/
m
#
a





\ ï


y
a" ,,




/ -

- y


j-


\
*

f
f


mm
. • ¦
rv
3SI

aek
2H&5


t»

	
- - -
###PAGE###5###


CHURCH SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENTS

To Electric Refrigerator
Owners
SPECIAL ITEMS of interest for
SUNDAY. JULY 29th.
The Great Holiday PASTIME
S1IAWVILLE UNITED
Rev. A. F. Fokes, B A., B.D., Pastor
JULY
If your refrigerator is the type that has a radia keep it clean.
"Qiu cafr he done casüy quickly "with a brush or vacuum cleaner. Disconnect your refrigerator while doing it.
Air has to circulate freely through the radiator for cooling purpose so that the refrigerator motor wont haye to run too long.
With warm weather here if is more important than ever to keep the radiator clean
ease
READING
II a.m.
Service at Shawvill
Service at Zion—2 p.m. Service at Starks Cor’s—3.30 p. m.
Featuring New Footlines for Summer
WHITE CIRCLE
POCKET NOVELS . 25c
Evening Service withdrawn At all the services the Pastor will preach.
Play-time Shoes, openly Dress-ups etc.
“Spectator” Pumps in summery with bareback heels and peek-a-boo toes.
$3.25 to $3.50
Beige or White Anklet “Sporties” for holiday
Cool as can be in cotton fabric.
$2.50 to $2.85
AVON
BRISTOL UNITED
POCKET NOVELS 29c
diner stvlp.
U	*	»
/
St. Andrew’s
Sunday School—10.00 a.m. Service at 11.00 Knox
Service at—3.00 p.m.
Austin
Sunday School at —10.30 a Jit. Service at —8.00 pan. Preacher, The Pastor Rev. R. McCord
I
GATINEAU POWER COMPANY
=
1
times.
Just received—
t
<r
Glide-R-Steppers
A CARLOAD OF
CLARENDON UNITED
Lively with butterfly bows and multicolor flower-sprigged cotton shoe fabric----	$2.85
Service at Wesley—11.00 a.m.
Service at Norman—3.00 p.m. Service at Yarm
8.00 p.m.
Preacher—Student pastor, Clifton M. Leney, of Brome.
Wall Board Lath
Joint Plaster Joint Filler and Tape
GYPROC
GYPROC
GYPROC
GYPROC
Leather Sandals
%
White and brown, sling style with bare heels and open toes
Growing Girls’ Brown Oxfords
Well built with leather soles and walking heels .
Women’s Brown Brogue Oxfords
Strong, sturdy Oxford for walking..
Women’s Brown and Black Military Oxfords
A comfortable shoe with low heels ..
Men’s and Boys’ Oxfords
Men’s brown and black oxfords. Extra good
quality
Boys’ black and brown oxfords $2.50 .to $3.50
THE CORNER STORE
I
ANGLICAN
$2.85
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centra Sts SHAWVILLE

St. Paul's
Rev. Cecil Randell, B.A., L.Th.
Order your requirements early vhile our stock on these items
is large.
Holy Communion—8.00 a.m. Sunday School—10.00 a.m. Morning Prayer—11.00
Subject:—
“The Christian Teacher and Disciple.”
$2.50
7.30
Evening Prayer
The Hodgins Lumber Go.
Subject
$10,000 KIWANZS
“The Faith that Saves.”
St. Lukes, Caldwell Evening Prayer—2.00 Holy Trinity, Radford Evening Prayer—3.30
$3.50
HOME

Or $10,000 in cash will be awarded by the Sudbury Kiwanis Club. Tickets $1.00 each or a book of twelve for $10.00, Sell ten and have two pee. Send remittance to
k	F. S. BARRY •:<
Treasurer, g Copper Cliff, Ont.
TEACHER WANTED
TEACHER WANTED
Parish of Portage do Fort
$4.25
Teacher for Acres Elimentary School and one teacher for grades 6 and 7, a\ Campbell’s Bay Cansoli-dated School. Apply stating salary and qualifications to,
F. E. HENDERSON, Campbell’s Bay, Que.
Protestant Teacher holding Ele-mentry Diploma for Quebec. Salary $800. per term. Apply stating experience to
St. Thomas, Bristol Morning Prayer—10.30 St. Barnabas, Bristol Mines Evening Prayer—2.00 St. Alban’s, Parkman Evening Prayer St. Georges, Portage du Fort Evening Serjip*1*
Preacher:— f Rev. T. E. R. Nurse of Montreal,
H. WILLS,
• Secretary-Treasurer,
Farrelton, Que.
P. O. Box 414,
Phone 33,
$430 to $6.50
*
’WO p.m.
> FR0M CANADA TO CALCUTTA

Parish of North Clarendon
II
¥

Rev. P. R. Stole, Incumbent

St. George's, Thorne Centre Morning Prayer—10.30 St. Stephen's, Greermount
• 3.00 p.m. Charteris
%
COURTESY

Evening Prayer St. Matthew’s
Evening Prayer—8.00 f
Sermon Theme:—
“Our Christian Destiny.”
The reason people pass one door,
To patronize another store;
Is not because the busier place,
Had better silks or gloves or lace, Or cheeper prices; but it lies,
In pleasing words and smiling eyes, The only difference I believe Is the treatment folks receive.


m
¦ MLR
1
?

1

X

>
Wesleyan Methodist



1
k is e link between the men
Your k°nk
Canada
Rev. H. Kielty, Pastor
*
\
ANON.
Shawville—
who has goods and services le buy ta sell, end his customers abroad:
in
Sunday School—10.00 Morning Service—10.30 Campbell's Bay—
Sunday School—10.00 Evening Service—7.30
Store closes every Wednesday afternoon
Z
\ ,
Thome—
lie basin#» of yeer beak is not all do* i It tenders valuable service to Canadian business in the far-off market places of the world, overcoming the obstacles of strange
2.30
Afternoon Servie

Standard Church

*
t
Si
Rev. J. N. Patterson, Pastor Sunday School—10.00 Morning Worship—11.00
Shawville Service withdrawn
Tkieepi its commercial correspondents and business connections all over the globe, your bank often has the specializellnforma-non necessary to bring buyer and seller together, no matter
how far apart tht y live.
Tier beak is ebl# to gather information on the reliability of foreign inns, to handle letters of credit, to arrange the complicated exchange of funds, performing an individual, iotfkitwiL inexpensive service to importers and exporters alike*	J
I w*‘	-i' cVJS'fc , '4 ,*"1
This ftaheu of Canadian banking has a direct bearing on poor welfare. It has, through many years, developed the sale of Cand Hi.* goods abroad, resulting in more jobs tor Canadian
c
t

1 »
bulky las

FentecoaUl Awmblles
Rev. N. F. Wendt Paetor
wp
Shawville j
Services at 11.00 am. and 7.30 p m.
Bristol Ridge at 2.30 pm. and 7M p.m.


f
.Vp Bulky Les and Crushed Oats will keep your Ù Calves right on growing to big growthy heifers.
Feed Calf Startena for the Brst four months then keep them going right ahead on Bulky
Oats.	. Ai:

ity»
r
fit


m
nd crosses.

F,
V
r.

B


±
nE
41 MSmB tf
4," STf
1

Aa
1 • '

& >.

ville.

i
Calcium
Arsenate of Lead and Paris Green. x
Killer,



FARM FOR SALE
%
"Si
Being Lot No. 24» field, containing 11%
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
a *	.3*-	“	7e jflFy a it O' •< • lu. V
VA
gt >d dwelling house buildings including èarajjÊ fairly fenced, never failing well. WM be sold with or without machinery and stock. For further porticulars
%
or
I
and out-
6
X

Mr
“Where trading is a pleasure" LLOYD STEVENS, Manager


I
GEO. A. MOORE
Brygon, Que.
Phone 45-#ff
1


m

S
f
L
wpm.
L
•	.4#
###PAGE###6###
T
T
r -

\




k

¦
J
Home T own Echoes
CROSSTOWN
By C. Kessler
By Roland Coe

LATE SHOWMAN
/-


%

1
(
HORI/OM \l
mctiil
11	The -his costliest production.
12	Units.
13	Deeds.
22 Dints.
24 Soul (Eg>pt).
HA I 2C> Svmbul for
sodium.
27	He-----many
spectacles during his career.
28	Postscript (abbr.).
29	Whirlwind.
Xnsvcr to Previous I*unie
e
f
/

t'd
was
:»¦ târ m?,N
•>'
x
W|A
%

>
MT

»
A

1

Ttmgt bird
chieftains Ska
(viir.).	IS
)5 Body of Kiifïir L* warriors.	|D
)l> Incorporated g (abbr).
)7 Musical syllable.
)8 Area measure
19	Hovel.
20	Soak flax.
21	Recorded.
23	Negative word.
24	Fish.
2f> Deputies.
27	Moccasin.
28	Genus of grasses.
31 Girl's name 3? Weight vl India.
34 Gard game.
37	Dry.
38	Lieutenant (abbr. ).
39	One (Scot.>
11 E
PI fet % _ TI0}E
,L IJmIA VIP E
*
Z
Id

Z
H Ai

%
&
UN
%


%
X
am
BAIN FUNUSS
E
%

/
•>
Mükl MoE P|EÎRr«u
ÔlDlE i 1T Iff II lK3
ZÉ2NH lejo vTP
TON .Z Q. OpURlEpflpp E VH] A: SE RI MÎEfM
*
-
ml.
NORWAY
ST.IOU
#
T
Z
7/

'
fa
I s
m
i
D
TO

I
m

V


l
40	Finale.
41	Fmbrme.
44	Bear.
45	Seuil.
47 Abundant 49 Yon v
57	Bov
58	He produced 30 Emphasized,
a Passion----33 Noblemen.
3 5 Upon.
38 Alleged force.
42	Sin It vied side.
43	Summerhouse
44	Upward.
45	Backless chair 4t> Mythical
demigoddesS. 48 Disordered.


*
t

59 Paid notice.
VERTICAL
1	Contusion.
2	Leave out.

*
%
/
<A

Z

%
Z
'K#*

rc a- •
[	, i *
Z
k.vy.
0
' fleet on
50	He died at the 3 Music note — of 61.
51	Symbol for


î
»
w/â
4	Lai uit.
5	Uneven.
6	Steamship
(abbr)
7	Mythical being 50 Seed covering
53 Head cover.
»
'


t
\
i
. '
stannum.
52	Danish weight
53	Thu art.
54	Unit.
55	Hdpv
56	linn.

»



*4
8	Embellish
9	Whirl.
10 Important
ç

(Z
0 Laughtei sound


O"
4^/

‘‘She’s afraid I’ll quit before I get her lawn mowed. Every time 1 slow down she trots out with a pitcher of lemonade.”
2
3
7
8
9
13
4
S
2
#0
n
t
4
IS
*


|
By William
Ferguson
THIS CURIOUS WORLD
9
8
20
MEMOIRS
9

2*
»
B
22
21
W

4

*
ùJU
%% Z)
26
23
l



LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher
W
w\r
mij 32	33
30
34-
29
35
31
36
28

9.
y
*

\

38
If
40
»?

>


%
h

44
4
43
42
T TME TIME CF TME. FiFCST
WORLD WAlc ,
voJ\Lt	ENOUGH	>
^ HEUUMGAS \
\ V.VX TO FILL A	I

yw ne
45	46


\
• 5"0

' I
I
9
/a
X
f
¦V
Ï


^Ssy
êÂâ
n

WOULD HAVE COST APPETOXlAA AT ELV
S3
W<‘y




%
f
Æ *
<f
54,
55
¦3

i

H

Vm
t
b
.se
9
I

I
S
Z
SIDE GLANCES
By Galbraith
9
*-

PP
i

4
0
f /
V NCA SERVICE. INC

/'
i
ï r

il i
/

r
x \
i
%
i
1
X

III
mi
#->3
V
, i


MOTHS

t
t
- Lv
x:o
HAVE BEEN! SEEN FLYING OVER THE OCEAN NEARLY
Z <200 /WZLaELS'
?
1 &

I
a


I
l
?'/y I
1
v% y
z
L59 M !
ÇaÂo SAID.... J'
^MILLIONS FOR DEFENSE EUT NOT* ONE CENT FOR. TRIBUTE
T M RtC. U S PAT. CM

c
• %
y
w
i
4
:
1^#


rT t

.
a n* •• r
/r

V
m.
I
fir
l
“Let’s follow and see where he delivers it, so we can buy seme.”
ANSWER. Charles Pinckney, American Statesman
V
3

V
*

>* -v»
& T

MU 1 T AND JEFF— With the Cas end Rubber Shortage. Can’t a Guy Make the Best of It? By BUD FISHf R

r
- " T
m
\
I COSH l ONLY BOR L EM JUST FOR A FEW f B \ MlKl/T£5>OFFiCER'l'AtfT::
X:
r HELP/
POLICE/
HELP//
0 «-
*
t


\rn
rMf - j
C'v3-
Qt
t
À
cEpARTMf
STCRC
STOQE
il ?



r.

?


X
:

e e o •
»TOL\
1
f I»
!

I»
w

l
VJ
LJ


,
Z
•j) ° 4 E

t#
f
%

n
I
i

m
e
O


0




<




Î-A-


“The city kid’s homesick, all right, but he’s spunky—said he’d <%ot1i 14 hours a day on this backwoods farm if it would help
wipe out those Jap rats!”

The Sporting Thing
fSoBÈfsoy^ JBE-7!
m
POP—Below Grade
By J. MILLAR WATT
HE COULDM T ANSWER ANV OF THE-	_
QUESTIONS Æ
yl so he #
ÉZ WROTE
V " dapm" Æ J ,\v On the /( p
^EXAMINATION UUi
tibll PA PEE?/ Wf

I
?
wouldn't they
PASS1 I
Ç
NO! I SPELT IT WPON6
P*
J

l
V
;
/>

b
l


\
^>7
y?
:

\
/
n
»

/
/

'
/
/>

1


H

V

I L____àÈÊi


&
Th# Bell Br^dlrste. Iwe
»•!•••• *1
4
Ffcut I don't want bookends—I the kitchen faucet fixed f*
1
l
REG’LA R FELLERS—-“Gentleman Pinhead”
By GENE BYRNES
,k
t
HCY/ cur our CHUCKIN'
THEM STONES NT THAT LU- FINNEGAN KID —YOU
ÇVfcHT hit that girl hr It
IP SOCK HIM ON THE NOSE IF HE ONE Y CAM l near. ENOUGH/
vieil .'ey should*'!
CHUCK CTOME3 Mr HIM
-that aint right.'
r
can x help nr ip fM
TOO MUCH OP a GEN'Vman 1b PA6TE HIM ONE WHEN . HE 6 WITH A LADY trzr&l


0 Q
/

&

(
(
si
1Æ*-1
ï
t
t
¦
V
I


0


>
ci
i
&
i
E?



Y
y
-
»
>

x*
r

#


1
>r

r
c
0«—*
%
IV

?
H wish you’d speak to Junior— he refuses to make a pig of .	himself Î”

< 1t*K^

*
#


A


k
A


###PAGE###7###
/
Jf
WHIRLWIND FINISH BY OLD MASTER
HITLESS WONDER
BORNEO—A RICH PRIZE FOR ALLIES
*T
g#

iifii
1



4
y'

m
i



i
Oil

:
...
I
i

<
?!)
!


uk jSANDAKANi
9 y# m
Hubbtr
n-®



A
4
Q
not
Cool

tt
r*r*
NORTH
BORNEO
BRUNE

»

©

i
si
il
Gold
W • \\
iît
S



ï s
+ A
#
',

i
• a
0!
4
V

M
¥

Mb
t
Tarokofi!
• I




l
l
o
SARAWAK

z

KUCHING
i


'/

l
«
1 O
*
4


VjU A
k


H

«
»
il
1
*
v T:

?.JP>
Ponhonok
V
J
1

i
span
B
i

i
*
i'Ü
# idSI
Bonditrmoti*
f O
P
1

m
Fifty times at bat—no hits, no runs, no errors. That's record of disconsolate S/Sgt. Walter J. Szulborski, above, pictured beside a 50-caliber machine gun he manned on 50 missions during 250 hours over Europe’s toughest targets fired a shot. Szulborski, hailing from Bethlehem Pa., now is at Langley Field, Va., ready to hop to the Pacific for another try.
V

\
(p
f


m
NO
r

V
»

?
INDO-CHINA-^Z'
A
k
y South '/China
m.
\
%
and never
Premier Churchill wound up the election campaign by speeches in labor districts in London and the meetings were lively. Here he is seen as he spike to a crowd of 15,000 from the balcony of the Red Lion Hotel, High Wycombe, from which Disraeli made his first speech as a parliamentary candidate 123 years ago.
NORTH
\
B
Pacific
Ocean
X
z
SARAW
Y
s
#

EUROPA TO SAIL FOR ALLIES
AND ANOTHER JAP IS CAPTURED
CELEBES
e e e
i

JAVA

f

I
o
%

*s
8457
¦%
f

t
la#
« -
!

By recapture of the island of Borneo the Allies will reap a rich store of oil and rubber and by the same token, will deprive the Japs of these vital products. Map above shows principal production centers of these and other raw materials. Interior of island
is mostly jungle-covered mountains.
N
%

1

t
I
f
/

t
/

HOME OF B-29’3





*
m

y

WM

:<
1
J
8

0V
k*w* ~
Bw. *'«
f
É*
Once the pride of the German merchant fleet, the 52.000 ton liner Europa is moved for the first time in five years, into dry dock at Bremerhaven. The ship, which once held the trans-Atlantic spvi-d record for passenger vessels, will be repaired and refitted for troopcarrying activity. American soldiers in the ETO will be transported to the U S. aboard the vessel, which is expected to make two
round trips a month.
s
K
X
«MMi
y
•>
Marine rifleman signals his companions to hold their fire as a jap soldier emerges from a cave on Okinawa. Leathernecks captured occupants of hideout after using smoke grenades as persuaders.

WAR’S END FOR ANOTHER JAP


A YANK IS CROWNED
08
/>



f
¦Tr
»
1

*
t
=5
%
i
4fc
*

to.?

I
’h

<r

t-
I

I

?

(

t
%
/
#./
v
j
%
1
r
\
*
U.
;:L
>

The fighting is all over for this Jap soldier, pictured safely behind barbed wire on Guam. The mess kit and canteen aren’t photographer's effects. They bang against wire, giving alarm, in case of
escape attempts.
fi
4*v.
/

Runways and parking spots carved out of coral on Guam are shewn in airview of B-29 base on island. Chief of Staff Gen. George
bombers will be sent from this base against
With a colorful ceremony at the Russian Church in London, Lt. Calhoun Ancrum, Jr., U. S. paratroop officer was married to Princess Xenia, daughter of Prince Andrew of Russia and granddaughter of Grand Duchess Xenia, sister of the late Czar. The couple is shown being crowned during the ceremony.
YOUNGSTERS CAPTURED ON OKINAWA
Marshall says that 1 Japan daily. Big planes are scattered on the field between raids
mil
k


P



\\
TOKYO-BOUND


CANADIANS HAVE HUNS CLEAR MINEFIELDS
i


I



m

e


»



f
*


i
. :W
1
*?

v *%Êr
ÉÎL V ^ / ¦

F
^ #r
•*»
tw
f
P'


-/J
«>
i tôüe

f*

>ï
M'.:
**W»
V.
\
\

W
X
é
t



%
!•":

I
WW
w
/m w

: V»
A
Ti
ï

ü*
t
f

4.
%

Gen. Carl A. Spaatz. above, who directed the strategic air attack that destroyed German resources, will play a similar role in the Pacific war.	He	will	have	overall
command of	the	20th	Air	Force
and the 8th Air Force, now being redeployed from Europe to the Pacific
be known as the U. S. Strategic Air Forces	in	the	Pac.ic, with
headquarters	probably	on	Guam,
possibly on Okinawa.

i
i éJk
Y

m
x«
i
¦

-
A*


/?

¦k»
aS*
fit
Ur.c’er the direction of Royal Canadian Engineers, men ai the beaten Wehrmacht remove the lethal traps they sowed in Holland during the Hun ociupation of Europe. A German officer (left), exmap of a minefield south of Haarlem to Lieut. D. S. Melavsky, Saskatoon, with tnc 50th
His new command will
Two tiny Jap soldiers captured on Okinawa are interviewed in sign language by Marine 1st. Lt. Hart H. Spiegel, of Topeka. Kans. Youth at left gave his age as IS, and his companion said he
p.£in
Company, Royal Canadian Engineers. A German soldier, right, digs a mine out by hand
warn "SO
f
###PAGE###8###
\
il
1
FACTORY-SPECIFIED LUBRICATION MEANS
k
LOOK HERE
FOR SALE, WANTS, FOUND.
I.OST, etc.
teacher wanted
Stark's Corners W. I.
Honour Mrs. G. Dag:g
Stark’s Corners Women’s met at the home of Mrs. Percy Dagg in Wednesday evening. July 18th. There wf ten members and several
Visitors-present-Opening exumses ted and all busTne&s^kuuy u minutes was finished. I he rTi der of the evening took the form of “grandmother’s night, it being the 83 rd birthday ot Mrs. Gertrude Dagg, who is known to a wide ciivle
of friends as “grandma Dagg.”
Mrs. Dagg being a charter member of the Institute, members felt it befitting to honour her. Mrs. V. Smiley spoke briefly and Mrs. tl. Wilson presened her with a beautiful scarf. The gift came as a great surprise to Mrs. Dagg, who thanked friends for their kind biithd&i)
remembrance.
Several old songs were and community singing was enjoyed by all. the meeting concluding with the Lord’s Prayer.
Qualified Protestant Teacher for Calumet (diss.) “Dunraven School.” Duties to commence Sept. 1st, 1945. Applv. stating salary expected, to
L. E. SMITH. Secretary-Treasurer Campbell’s Hay, Que.
Institute
STRAYED—From the premises of H. G. Hudgins, Green Lake, a large yellow and white collie dog. Any-knowing his whereabouts kindly call 27-J.	*
FOR SALE—A litter of Pure Bred
Yorkshire pigs.
July
R. 2, Charteris, Que.

%

¦'ll
V
ft
one
were conduc-
,ut of
main-

FARM FOR SALE
n
Ready for delivery, Apply to Lewis Sparling

Splendid stock farm in the township of Clarendon, being Lots 16 and 17. Range 10. containing 350 acres; 200 acres tillable. Good bush, lots of water and good new buildings. For further particulars apply to
ALEX. H. HORNER
Charteris, Que.
27.




Used Pianos, PhonoPlayer Pianos.
FOR SALE graphs and Records For further information write A V. Allison, Piano Tuner. 2 Beverley St., Ottawa, Ont.

t
sr
\


i
FARMS FOR SALE
In or near Shaw ville, one
LOST
Ronson cigarette lighter, with initials • D.G.C.". Finder kindly leave at The Equity Office.
Twelve farms for sale ranging from $3000.00 to $12000.00. have crop sown.
DONOHUE’S GARAGE, Renfrew, Ont.
her
Most
rendered


FOR SALE— Ship auger bits from 1 and 3-4 down to 3-0, lengths from 24 and 3-4, down U» 14 inches; also 3 chain pipe wrenches, all in good condition. May be seen by calling at Robt. Fairtields.
sizes
x

Woolens That Won’t Shrink


Qemeterg TW^morials ...
St.




X'

9
A
Wool shrinkage, perennial bogey of housewife and textile scientist, is being conquered, according to fabric chemists. It took the grim emergency of war to do it, but the result has been startingly successful. Dc-velopemen of three separate processes in Canada and United States has brought the accomplishment, which headlines an impressive of achievements in the textile held.
Other processes already serving wartime needs and ready to entei the civilian market as soon as military demand permits, include the manufacture of new. synthetic libre, some without names as yet. which have opened up prospects of post-
shrinkproi waterproof, wear-resistant and e\en fireproof.
At least three large textile com-
this continent, two in the
in Canada,


» w
68107
1
McLaughlin express
, freshly
)
FOR SALE
wagon, in good condition painted and tires re-set. Apply to Raymond Trudeau. Wyman, Que.
AND AT

t-----



&
We carry a large stock of

share—Twelve acres Apply to Dal-Phonc 16-11.

FOR SALE or of good mixed hay. ton Russell, Bristol.


I
list
5/»
it

Marble and Granite for all designs of Cemetery Memorials
LOST—Between the Drug Store and home. Centre Street, Shawville, on Saturday night, a wallet, containing sum of money, registration card, unemployment insurance card and other papers. Finder kindly return
to Lindsay Judd.
FOR SALE—A 6-foot cut binder, in good running order. Apply to \Y. D. Hodgins. R. 1. Shawville. Ph. 10- '
11

c
k
V
v,

x
\i
wm
:: * \ v
textiles that are

The
wav

GEO. H. FKOATS & SONS
Renfrew, Ont.
m
i
A
Phone 278
GENERAL MOTORS
DEALER near yon
•
w
panies » n
United States and one are processing non-shrikable woollen goods for the allied armies.
Other firms are treating cloth to make it water-repellent for the life
still others are cloths from

One refrigerator and
:
!\ F.\l !. one large kitchen table, both in go* d
Mis. John D. 2-13.

• V
I condition. Apply to , Brown, Shawville. Phone
/

CAMP MEETING
!
of the fabric, and producing entirely new’ fibres foreign to the textile trade in Pl the past. One vt the most n mark- , -M}	1
blc to bo produced in	1 *
11
—;\ number of l ntecvi heelers,
W. Cameron. S 2-13.
FOR SA1 S
( 11
/
annual Camp Meeting of the Movement Church will bo the Camp Grounds, July 20th J	th, inclusive.
1 I Black, of Ottawa, will be in charge : with Oeoeoness L. Willows, of Win-I nipeg,
1 i
x I
The
V
t

t\\ -
Holme I held
n
< 'S

knows the correct lubrication for all makes oi cars and trucks.
He knows that some vehicles require up to twelve different kinds of lubricant
thirty-five points to lubricate.
Take no chances —the wise precaution is to go to your GENERAL MOTORS DEALER regularly for expert Lubrication Service.
on
#
Rev J. (A

n
rial is !-------
•nts of FOR
i silk-like mat mn fila it
IU
• •
‘•F
aie
9»
of mixc rt, nr>
7A
SHARK
li v ClV* * v
s





i i
« >

i

^ »

• #
v •

Evangelist and Singer, v. s Marion Gilmer will be in i Children’s and the Young
Special singers.
.e 43-13.

F
.
/

i

m
p<
•s

X---
t
v Ci

Tam worth
Sow. <
uge o
FOR SALE—v due to farrow
P&7
t
ne
I 14
DEATHS
services.
tr
on A

:

o

ALEXANDER CHIGA
,to
with as many as


Mr.



At the n< o! his . and Mrs. Fred Chega. 2 Akhvych WANTED — Gill for hotel work. Ave., Toronto, on Friday, July 13th. [Good wages, good hours and good their onlv son. Alexander, aged 23 living conditions. Apply, Hotel Al-months, death being due to bron- |monte. Almonte, Out. chial pneumonia.
Left to mourn are his parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Zimmer ling): hi
and Mrs. M. Chega. Eockwood. Ont.:
Mr. and Mrs. F. Zimmerling
Que., and a number of une
'HS#*"-

CARDS OF THANKS
c
I
les ire to thank our friends J
- ?t mee
We
for
~ sus.-® ai-msss. as gâssz-E
Qtit.	eVy |, v sending trucks loaded with
water without which we could not have saved other of the buildings, also Mr. Rouleau, in char.g unit of the Quebec Fire Protection
Cald-

11
u
and aunts.
PROP WOOD WANTED
of a
MRS. JOS. li st; K
I t	;.Lc:,oy
July 17th,
JOHN L. HODGINS
Shawville
v T >day even
the death occurred at her home in Pine, Jack Pine, Spruce. Balsam and Bryson, of Mary Ann Telford. Wid- Tamarac. 4L* feet long with 3 inch ow of Joseph Lestev.	to 4*2 inch top: 6 leet long with 3
Born in Clarendon, March 22nd, inch to 6 inch top; 9 feet long, with 1861. she spent some years of her 3 inch to 8 inch top. Apply to. early life in Horton township. Ont.,	CLAUDE BRABAZON
going to Bryson about fifty years phone 45-21 Portage du Fort. Que She was a member of Bryson
Quebec
TENT MEETINGS
Gospel Tent Services now in progress at McCorriston’s Grove each wet k night at 8.30, except Monday and Saturday. Sunday night service at 8.00. Evangelist, Eva Alexander, of Belleville, is the special speaker.
Come and enjoy the Gospel in sermon and song.
CMS-3SX
CHEVROLET PONltAC OLDSMOBILE BUICK CADILLAC CHEVROLET and CMC TRUCKS
ago.
United Church.
Surviving are three daughters Mrs. Edward Telford (Ada) of Shawville: Mrs. Thos Burrows. (Mildred) of Campbell’s Bay. and Miss Mabel, at home; one son, John Lester, of Shawville. One daughter. Mrs. Geo. Robitaille, (Elizabeth ) predeceased her a year ago. She is also survived by three sisters. Mrs. Lizzie Thomas. Arnprior; Mrs. Sam Maxwell. North Bay: Mrs. John Stewart. Shawville, and three brothers/ John Eddie Telford, Arnprior; Hector Telford, of Shawville. and William Telford, of Vermillion, Alta.
The funeral, largely attended, was held from her late home on Friday afternoon to Bryson United Church, where service was conducted by the Pastor, Rev. T. P. Shaver.
Interment was made in the United cemetery, the pall bearers being Messrs Clarence Walls, Grenville Atkinson. Cliff. Olmstead. Jonathon Telford, Leslie Poole and Arthur DurreU.
Horse Races, at Qnyon, Que., en Wednesday, August 1st.
WARNING
fo ad feerMMA feCcuutùtÿ to- move to
MEN FOR HOME BUILDING
MUST BE SECURED
HAMILTON
TORONTO
OTTAWA
HULL
Home building is highly essential to overcome pressing housing shortages, and to provide dwellings for the Forces as discharged.
Shortages of workers for building homes and for producing the building materials are threatening to impede Canada's program for the construction of 50,000 homes as soon as possible.
All men experienced in home building or in producing building materials, who are not now working in either of these industries, are urged to apply to the nearest office of the National Employment Service immediately.
Men experienced at home building or producing supplies, if now in other essential work, will be given permits to work at jobs which will assist the house building program.
All men, not now at home building nor producing supplies, who can fill a job in this 'program, are urged to answer this call.
Apply at once at the nearest office of the National Employment Service.
DEPARTMENT OF LABOUR
HUMPHREY MITCHELL A. MacNAMARA
Deputy Minister of Labour
VICTORIA VANCOUVER NEW WESTMINSTER WINNIPEG
ALEXANDER HODGINS
Alexander E. Hodgins, 123 Albert Street. Ottawa, died on Tuesday, July 17 in the Civic Hospital after a short illness. He was in his 53rd
No person may move to and rent or occupy family quarters in any of these congested areas without a permit from the Administrator of Emergency Shelter.
year.
Born and educated in Shawville, he was the son of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. C. Hodgins. He married the former Moletta Rooney at Campbell’s Bay, 33 years ago. He went to Ottawa in 1923. An employee of the Ottawa Car and Aircraft Company, he attended Saint George’s Anglican Church.
He is survived by his wife, four sons. William W., of Montreal; Ber-tal. with the Fleet Air Arm, overseas; F O. Rooney. R. C. A F., of
Before making arrangements to vacate your present home, be sure that you have other accommodation and a permit to occupy it. Applications for permits should be addressed to the Administrator of Emergency Shelter in the area to which you plan to move.
Mount Hope, Ont., and ^ac. Douglas R. C. A. F., overmen, si^-daughters, Mina. Evelyn, Joyce, Dorothy, Gera and Asalyn, all of Ottawa; one grandchild. Also surviving are his three brothers, John L., of Shawville and Clarence and Gordon, of Otta-and thre sisters, Mrs Forest Prendergast and Mrs. Gordon Appel-by, of Ottawa, and Mrs. Thos. Bateman, of Welland.
The funeral service was held in the Hulse and Playfair chapel at three o’clock on Thursday afternoon. Interment was made in Qfechwood cemetery.

to vacate the shelter and the district at his own expense.
wa.
December 19. 1944).

THE WARTIME PRICES AND TRADE BOARD
Minister of Labour

