###PAGE###1###
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE THURSDAY, JULY 30th
No. 0 tiÛTii Yea it
1042
Bazaar—Meet your friends at (he Bazaar at North Omdow Vaiinh Hall, on Wednesday even ing, Aug. 5th. Good entertainment will be provided. Supper served from six o'clock. Every* body welcome. Rev J. J. Sam
Mk P. P.
BIRTHS
Bristol Fai mers’ Club ex|>eet a __ cap o* Wheat ami H u ley !«> Harris—At Pontiac Commmunity ar.rivH, «hurtly. Anyone interest Hospital, Shawville, on Sunday, 7,.	*' *'%*" Secretary. J C
July IV, 1042, to Mr. and Mr*.	Bristol.
, Walter Harris, a daughter, Ann ,	—	•	—
GOWLING
BUSINESS
i


FLY TIME
COLLEGE
Corner Bank ard Somerset Streets
Ottawa Ontario
thi-old reliable school has removed to laige and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario school with
teputation Open allyear
Former Resident of Bryson Dies isi Ottawa
ENGAGEMENT
*%%%%%%%%*%%%%%%%%%%%
Long Parsnips
Martin- Roy
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Martin, of McKee, Que., wish to announce the engagement of their second daugh • ter, Beatrice, to Mr. Emmerson W. Roy, of Cala bogie. Ont., second son of Mr. and Mrs. Hurry Roy, of Maryland Marriage to take place on Saturday, August 12th.
Kiloovh-L’raio
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Kilgour announce the engagement of their youngest daughter, Grace Evelyn, to Mr. Theodore Keith Craig, sun of Mr. Richard Craig and the late Mrs. Craig, of Kupeit, Que. Marriage to take place early in August.
The deith occurred at an Ofc tawa hospital m Thursday, July 2hd, of Marga N-t Emma Ardell, wife of Archibald H MacD maid, 201 Limier Avenue Evt, former proofreadei at the Government Printing Bureau. Born at Bryson, (pie , she was the daughter of the late William and Mary Ardell. She spent her early year* at Bryson and was married in February, 1012, and went to re-ide in Ottawa
three yens later.
Of a kindly and cheerful nature,
her death will be mourned by a wide circle of friends in Ottawa and the Pontiac district She was a member of St Barnabas Church.
Lett to mourn her Ins*, besides her husband, are a laughter- Miss Betty, at home; a brother, Daniel Ardell, of Hockey Mountain House, Alberta, and two misters, Mrs S J Morton, of Seattle, Wash ,and Mrs. Fred A Coughlin, of Ottawa
The funeral was held on Saturday afternoon. Interment was unde in Pi neuves t cemetery.
Mr, John A. Dean, the well-
known secretary-treasurer nf the Clarendon Council and School Board, has guie In for growing parsnips in a rather big way, at least, at some length. During the past week he brought to this ofliue two samples, plucked at tan-dont from his garden, one measured IB inches in length and the othei two feet.
Household Fly Spray Household Glass Sprayers Fly Swaters and Fly Hangers Some sizes in Screen Wire ^Screen Doors, Spring Hinges, Catchers
Attend a an established

W. t. COWLING President
H. W. BRAITHWAITL
Principal
JAMES A. MILLAR
B. A.. L. L. L
Ladies Auxiliary of St. Edward's Parish
For the Farmer
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER
129 MainSt.,Hull,Que.
Al Moyl*’.'Hotel, Campbell’» Bay •very Wednesday
etc
Of
The regular monthly meeting the Ladle*' Auxiliary was held the home of Mm. Paul Chabot, ou Thursday afternoon, July 10th, with nine members and three visitors present.
The meeting was opened with a prayer for peace led by the President The minutes of the last meeting were read find approved, A letter of thanks was read from the Mission Stamp Bureau at Toronto. It was decided that the members continue saving stamps, also to have their friends assist in this work
After business matters were attended to, the remainder of the afternoon was spent doing fancy work and knitting.
Dainty refreshments were served by the hostess, Mrs Jos. Manary, assisted by Mrs. F. Trudeau.
In the evening a social hour was spent playing bingo, the prizes being won by Mrs. Jos. Manary, Miss Zita Martin and Mrs. Bart Hannaberry.
Mrs. Wm. Murphy invited the Jadies to her home for the August meeting.
at
Stock Spray, Sprayers and Nose Guards
morning
At Pontiac Ho use, Shaw ville .every Wednesday at Noon
PERSONAL MENTION
Mr. and Mrs. It. P. VI ides are spending a vacation in Montieal.
Rev. T. E R, Nurse and daughter, Joan, of Montreal, are visiting friends in town and vicinity this week.
Miss Muriel Webb, of Ottawa, is spending a vacation with her uncle and aunt. Mr. and Mrs W. T. Harris*
Mrs M Wells, of Fairfax, Vir ginia. Is visiting at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs, L J. Fairfield.
Mrs. It D Beckett, and son Bobbie, of Niagara Falls, N, Y , are visiting relatives in town and district
Mrs Jim Johnston, and children, of Montreal, are spending a vaca tion at the home of her father, Mr. II Imiison,
Mrs. Jack Boden and children, of Montreal, aie visiting at the home of her father, Mr. U. A. Howard, in town.
Mrs. Wellington Smart, has returned home after i several weeks’ vacation relatives in Ottawa,
Mr. and Mrs, Ivan Premiergast, of Chandler, Que., are spending a vacation with friends and relatives in this district.
HARLAND O. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
-• Estate C. J. Caldwell
SHAWVILLE, QUE
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C
Mrs. Mary Goodman Dies at Ottawa Civic Hospital
Mrs. Mary Goodman died at the Ottawa Ci vif IIu-pilai on Wedue»« day, July 15th. 1IH2
Mr*. Goodman was a daughter of the late Mary Cuthberfc*«>n and Hubert Gordon and was born 70 year* ago.
She married the late Joseph Goodman, in Ottawa, some 30 years ago, and had resided there ever since.
She leaves to mourn her departure, one brother. John Gordon of Wyman, and one sister, Mrs. T. F. Smith, of Shawville ; also several nieces and nephews.
The body rested at the Htil-e & Playfair Funeral Parlors, 315 McLeod Street. Ottawa, where the service was held on Saturday evening at 8 o'clock by the Rev. J E. Lindsay, ot St John s Anglican Church, of which the deceased attended. The body was lifted at 1 00 o’clock by eight firemen of the Ottawa Fire Dept, Arriving at Norway Bay cemetery at 2 20 o'clock the committal service was conducted by Rev. Wallace Mac* Kintion, of Bristol Presbyterian Church. The pall bearers were, six nephews, Mes*ru. Lewis Hark ness. Robert Gordon, Percy Hal lantyne, Cecil Gordon, Robert Russett and Alvin NbhoLon.
A large number of fi irai tributes were received.
Those attending fiom a distance were, Messrs. Jack and Harry Bartlette, Miss Elizabeth Jette. Mr. and Mrs. Alvin Nicholson, of Ottawa ; Mr. and Mrs. Charles Campbell, of Pakenham, and Mr. and Mrs. James Gordon, of Muni-waki.
Advocate Barrister Solicitor, etc
Omen : Campbells B«>, Quebec
(In| Lawn Block)
!
DONAT Le GUERRIER
MEN’S
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Brandi at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with by corrcspondsne
WORK CLOTHES

Blood Donor Appeal
This week, for the first time since April, Shawville ha* failed to send a car load of people to Ottawa as blood donors for the war wounded.
It is hoped that Shawville will not fail to do its part in the following weeks; and we urge many more to put in their names to the secretary,
Miss Sophia Hodgins, phone 40,
k ° HHRBiliHHPPHHHPBHI
The car load goe- each Friday little aim, of St John’s Que, are morning, and various citizens are visiting at the home of Mr. and providing means of transporta- Mrs. J, P. Wilson, this week, t»on_ Five or six i* needed each Mp(|> K M McBride and Mrs
shs: £ s&s?
of offence. If this come*,- aâ well Pte Jaeon Biownlee. Royal it may, the lives of thousands of Rifles, Nanaimo H. C , is spending wounded may depend upon the « furlough with relatives and provision that we have made for friends and in town and vicinity.
- ares MfB	:,i
Mrs. Jno A. Sturgeon, Zion seç-
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT - BARRISTER HULL, QUEBEC
At Proud foot’s Hotel Campbell’s Bay every Tuesday at Noon.
At Pontine House Shawville every
Tuesday Evening
spending n with
Because of early placings we are fortunate in having a good stock of Men’s and Boys’
Work Clothes
MEN’S WORK SHIRTS
I
Mr. find Mrs. Jas. Donahue and
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Navys, greys, blue greys, plain and fancy. All made roomy and large by good makers. Excellent materials. Splendid choice Sizes 14
to 19.	98c to $1.50,
DR. H. K. NEILSON
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat
SPECIALIST
Alexander and
urge
arrange to make tni* blood, which will be needed so much in a short time. Our boys.
battle field, will be saving our i Miss Lois Hayes, nurse in-train-country. and those at home, by ! At Henftew Victoria Hospital, giving their blood, will be saving ^ Spen(|ing ,t vacation at the home our boys.	_	of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. XV. J.
National War Finance Committee |S Ha>es.
Formed for Pontiac
BOYS’ SHIRTS
the Hon
Good assortment of Boys Everyday Shirts. Light and dark colours, sizes 12 to 14, 75cts.
ONT.
OTTAWA
PHONE, 2-7961
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA. ONTARIO
MACDONALD COLLEGE IS CARRYING ON
MEN S WORK PANTS
i
Mi. nod Mrs. Hamid Hnywnrd of Montreal, and MUa Neta Bnrn-.. ,,	. side, of Otta.vn, were week-end
Mr. Trevor Thompson, ol Mont_i st3 Ht tlle home of Misa Iva
real, who organized the County ot Pontiac for the first and second
Victory Loans, has been back in	t , ,
8tiïïæ.tSK &sr wS StinKS*	°-Vv-
Finance Committee, to stimulate relatives in this district dunng the sale* of War Saving* Stamp-, the past week, and to emphasize the need for small saving*.
The organization is composed ot a County executive wath working units in Chapeau, Fort Coulonge,
Campbells Bay, Shawville and Quyon, as follows:—.
County Executive Committe— E. C-Lawn, Charman ; G. O. McDowell, Jas.
Ward, Wyman MacKechnie, Gervais O’Rielly, Emmett Gray, Vice Presidents;
C. H. MacLean, Secretary.
Chapeau—Emmett Gray, chairman ;
Michael Coughlin, secretary.
Fort Coulonge—Jam Ward, chairman ;
Rod Labine and W. F, Kenny, retail sales ; Waverley Stitt, employers and employees ; Mrs. Andrew Neville and Mrs, Frank Rose, ladies’ committee ;
Merton Mulligan, secretery.
Campbell’s hay—E C. Lawn, chair-Asa Smith, employers and em: Vibert Wilson, retail sales ;
—o—
Expansion of Army Training Centre Will Not Cripple Educational Program
“ Goodhues " Are the best makers Work Pants. They fit better and wear longer, Good cotton-
ades at $2 00 to $3.00. Sizes 30 to 30.
j
Cowan
SCIEHTIHC EYE EXA VINA TlOhS
Specialists on al (visual and muscular eye defects
T, T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optmetrist
Mrs. Alex Robinson, of Waltham
The Canadian \Vr omen’s Army Corps has decided to expand the Training Centre at Macdonald College to the point where it will be possible to train 1000 volunteer* a month. This expansion from a permanent population of about 400 to one of 1300, including instructional staff, has naturally not been accomplished without the los» to the College of still more of its buildings and equipment, but all the essential work of Mat don hid College will still be carried on The Degree courses in Agricul ture and Household Science will
be continued as in the pint. The
Diploma Course in Agriculture, the practical course designed especially for farmers' sons, will still be available and the Community School and Farm Forum Program will not be affected. The College is planning to extend and
extension work
sis
MENS OVERALLS
Splendid stock to choose from—Carhartts, Snag Proof, Treat ’Em Rough, Big B, etc Sizes to fit everyone. $1.75 to $3.00
WORK GLOVES
Reg. Optometrist
Major Henry Argue. Mrs Argue, and their daughter, Miss Marv, of (Toronto, are visiting at the home of the former’s brother, Mr. J. M. Argue, this week.
Mrs. Elizibeth Harnett and her duag’nter Miss Margaret Harnett, ol New York City, are at present holidaying at Mrs. Barnett’s cottage at Norway Hay.
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Gayler, and their daughter. Miss Edith Gayler, of Longeuil, Que., visited then-relatives in town and vicinity during the past week.
The Mi*se* Grace and Iva Hod gins, Mrs. Samuel Hodginsnnd Mr. G. A Clarke, ot Ottawa, spent the week-end visiting relatives and friends in town and vicinity.
Gordon T. Paul I N SU RANGE


i
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
Special Harvest Mitts and Gloves, horsehide, kangaroo, mule, etc. Made in one finger style glove style. See our assortment 98c to 1.95
Work Braces, Underwear
or
QUE
SHAWVILLE
Straw Hats, Work Socks,
F

intensify
nmong*farraers and research and
and Mrs, George Mee.	tJie one-year “Homemaker” coarse
Mrs. Floyd Walters, and her \n Household Science. The cancel sister, Mrs. Howard Putman, and lation of this course was brought her children, of Johnstown, N Y., about by the necessity of curtail are visiting their mother, Mrs. fag residence accomodation; there John Horner, and other relatives will be room in college residences in town and vicinity, this week. for all other students. .
its
Talking Pictures
LEON AMES
and
JOAN WOOEBURY
E
man ;
iloitiijHHHHHHHHppHiH
Mrs. Chas Shea, Mrs. Fred Henderson ladies1 committee ; Rev. Tj P. Shaver
11.30 p. m. Saturday — Store Closed —


irg
in
s
secretary,
Shawville—G. G, McDowell, chairman ; H. C, Rowftt, general sales and employers and employees ; M or ley Hod-gins, public relations ; Rev A F. Pokes, press ; Mrs. A. Draper and Mrs, O. McBrjde, ladies’ committee ; 0. H. MacLean, secretary.
CIPHER BUREAU

at
THE W. A. HODCINS STORE
Quebec
!
Shawville Theatre
Friday, July 2 4
At 9.00 p. m.
Shawville

Quyon — Wyanin MacKechnie, and Gervnis O’Rielly, joint chairmen; Jas Daley and Harry Moyle, retail sales ; Bob Manary. public relations and acting secretary ; Mrs. H. B. Bronson and Mrs. H. Moyle, ladies’ committee.
wai
an
:



###PAGE###2###
Commentary on Current Events
THE WAR • WEEK
German And Japanese Thrusts Menace Russia’s Supply Lines
IRON HORSES BOLSTER INDIA’S DEFENSES
N DIVIDUAL#®
ervs r rmyiH
v

'
Mill
\


f



man Mai ikk i
/5l RAVIN .
À Weekly Column About This and That in Our Canadian Army



x


It could he the gravest menace et In the WehrmachVs drive toward the Middle East. Others pointed out that spare was. still oc the side of Russia. East of the Don, they pointed out, lies the and east of the Volga the Ural# and beyond that, the wide expanse of Siberia.
(
The story of Russia's military strength Is the story of «pace, endless spec#. Armies that have crowded all rivals off the face of Europe have marched Into Russia and been swallowed up In the vast brown landscape rolling away to the east. Napoleon learned 130 years ago that a battle won In Russia does not have the same meu.niug as a battle won in Austria; there is always room In Russia for another battle. Adolf Hitler learned last year that each mile forward In Rusala, each great Industrial town destroyed, only means
town to destroy. Last week. In battles spaced hundreds of miles apart. Hitler's armed might tried to solve the problem of apace, says the New York Times.
Germany's Objectives
The German effort presumably had two objectives:	U) to take
possession of important arteries of traffic by which strength flows from one part of the Soviet body to another; (2) to block the routes over
from Russia's Allies across the seas. The accomplishment of these objectives would make Soviet transportation problems more difficult. It was conceivable that Russia's resistance might be split Into two parts, each of which could obtain supplice from the other only with the utmost difficulty.
Drive To The River
To win the first and greatest of these prizes the Germans aimed their chief drive at the Don River.
An announcement from Berlin described the Red Army as "destructively beaten" along 220 miles of the Dun front. Moscow reported heavy Soviet counter-attacks designed, apparently, to divert the main weight of the German drive from reaching toward Stalingrad and the Caspian, hundreds of miles •way. The Wehrmacht's goal seemed to be no less than to cut Marshal Timoshenko's southern army in two, to isolate the whole Caucasus region. Then Hitler could strike for the wells that normally produce ¥0 per cent of the Soviet supply; he could seek to cut the Allied supply line that runs from Iran up through the Caspian.
Sea Battle In North
To win its second objective in the war against space, a German battle squadron skirted Norway's towering North Cape. Once round the cape the German fleet, consisting, according to reports from Moscow, of the battleship Tlrpitt, the pocket-battleships Scheer and Luetzow, the heavy cruiser Hipper and eight destroyers, was on the main supply route from the democracies of the west and the Red armies. There, guns blazed.
After the fighting was over conflicting claims by some governments, silence from others, left a confused picture of what had occurred. The Germans said that their ships, supported by land-based aircraft, fell upon an Allied convoy, sank a heavy American cruiser and destroyed all but six of a thirty-eight-ship flotilla. From Moscow came the report that the German attack wag halted when a Russian submarine torpedoed the Tirpltz twice and that the German ships withdew while the sailed on to a Russian port. The Soviet spoke also of heavy bombing raids on Nazi airfields in Northern Norway and Finland, the bases for the forays against the Allied supply line in the Arctic.
1942 Push Starts
Observers in Allied countries were ready to concede that Hitler's ‘ big push" for 1942 bad at last started. It had been long petted; predicted for early Spring, then late Spring. Both Hgj and at sea it constituted Hitler's attempt to solve the problem that baffled Napoleon—the defeat of Russia.
While the battle along the Don was being fought ou a limited front compared to the great battles of last Summer and Fall, there were those who saw in its threat to tne Russian Internal transportation system a threat as were last year's battles, if it were not the eked, and ii it turned southward toward the Caucasus,
If!




y f.
IV *

L
\ r
dwa
• «
Then death, sudden violent death, had become so commonplace that “Casualty Lists” in the daily papers occupied more space than the “Sports Pages” do today —and were as eagerly scanned.
Today as much apace is given to the drowning of two office cadets in an Army Week display as would have chronicled the deaths in action of 300 men in the 1914-19 war.
What a shame! What a shame that we should need an “Army Week” to focus our thoughts on our soldiers. It is symptomatic of something half-hearted and lackadaisical that all over the Dominion it should be necessary to stage demonstrations to remind ue that there is a war going on.
But “Army Week” or “Navy Week” or “Air Force Week” should be every week. We must generate the proper state of mind about this war. It is our war. Not the war of the soldier, the tailor or the airman, fall to those of ua who could only help in a very limited way to back up the fighting forces when their job is done and see to it that a grim retribution falls upon the guilty.
There is nothing soft about our men in uniform.
Let us see to it that there is nothing soft about us when the day of reckoning comes. Every lamp post in the Un ter Den Linden should be a gallows, there must be a gallows—occupied by esrrion bait—in every hamlet, every village, every town, every eity in occupied territory that has known the weight of the Nasi scourge, the stench of Italy, the malarial infection of Japan.
There is a job for us privates in the Individual Citizen’s Army •—a job we will do whole-heartedly as we look—and we shall look—upon our eomrades on erutches or following “Seeing-Kye” dogs or as we place flowers under memorial windows in our ehurch yards.
Right now there is another job to do, the job of conserving everything that is needed for the buai-of waging successful war. It is a simple job. So simple we may not think it worthwhile. It involves such things as cutting out joy-riding, carrying parcels from the store, turning last winter’s coat, giving up smoking, drinking less tea and coffee, doing without alcoholic beverages, having shoes repaired even when the uppers are shabby.
It involves reporting infractions of the price ceiling orders no matter how abhorrent “snitching” is. None of us would hesitate to tackle or report a spy or a saboteur. Neither should we hesitate to report a commercial saboteur—for breaches of the price ceiling are acts of sabotage against the law-abiding. The storekeeper, wholesaler, manufacturer, landlord or other business man doesn’t just break a law— he harms you. If he gets away with it because you keep silent the spectre of postwar inflation looms closer, if the ceilings are maintained postwar inflation will bs averted and we’ll have time to see that the war has not been fought in vain.
Hitler must hsng! And that forthright statement may be taken as a compound sentence tor the whole gang of Nasi leaders.
After the fighting finished in 1918 there wa* a let of talk about bringing the Kaiser to trial and demande for punishment of the leaders of the German people —but, as time went on the fervour died down, Christian tenets were mouthed by the very people who later on were the apostles of disarmament, and was done to show the German people that it is an evil thing to let loose the forces of evil on mankind.
Nothing was done? Nothing! Oh Yes, a few colonies were put under mandate—the German mind would expect that; reparations were claimed—and partially forgiven; and, almost immediately, loans were made to Germany to assist in the rehabilitation of trade!
What did the Army think about •H that? I can speak for only one Sergeant in that army. But 1 am sure that what I felt was echoed




% S

&
Battle of Aleutians In the mist and rain that earoud America's Aleutian islands von 480 days of the years 366, a battle relatively email In scale but mg. nlfirant in etrategy is being f,light by Japan and the United State* The action began when the Mikados forces raided Dutch Harbor on June 3 and shortly thereafter put troops ashore at the tip cf hé archipelago that thrusts 1,300 miles from Alaska across he North Pacific. The United S -*tee hit back at the invader with attrition tactics, seeking to destroy landing groups and the ship*» supplying them. A report on lb«# [>ro* grees of the battle was Issue’ not long ago by Washington.

£


TÊ


¦

another mile to go, another



nothing

I


a*

r\




3
ww
*
/

«

•**
f j
Submarines In Action
American submarine*, it was disclosed, bad penetrated the waters around the three #e*.wrq, most islands soiled by the Jit>ao-ese—Attu, Agattu and Kiska Phe fogs that have hampered long-range air bombers helped scrvea the undersea raiders' movement* Two weeks ago their toi>i loee sank four enemy destroyers <*ft a fifth In flames. The toll brought Japanese naval losses—mostly a-dieted by Army planes—In Aleutian encounters to fifteen vsiseli sent to the bottom or damaged. United States losses bave abi been disclosed, save for unspecified damage at Dutch Harbor, hut It was evident that the Japanese were extending their grip In the Aleutian*. Their eastward advance from Attu to Kiska spanned *80 miles. They were surely ere Ung air and naval stations that cankl play an important role In the North Pacific theatre.
Japanese Menace Grave
From Kiska it is 616 mils* te Dutch Harbor. From Attu It la 696 mile* to Russia's Kamchatka defenses and 766 miles to Para-muehir, Japan's northernmost iaval base. Thus, the Nipponese .ere In a central position (1) to drive toward the North American continent, (2) to intercept an Allied move across the North Psettle against Japan, (8) to strike the U.S.S.R. from a new flank, (I) to cut a possible line of supply from Alaska to Siberia. Despite the gravity of the Japanese noeLace, it was believed, the Allies »#uld not yet spare forces from the many other global theatres for a campaign to regain the fax A’.ew tians.
which come war materials
And it will
—and intensified—by the mothers of dead sons, the widows, the orphans.
What good did the Christian
Was K really e
*tr . -•


Natives of menaced India, curiosity overcoming their caution, clamber over tanks newly arrived in “greatest convoy ever to leave Britain for Far East,”
attitude do?
Christian attitude?
VOICE
Open Golf Meet
For Seagram Cup
Let’s answer the second question first. I don’t think it was. I think that was a time whan, remembering that Christ said “turn the other cheek,” we forgot that the same Christ drove the money-changers out of the Temple!
Perhaps you are wondering where the Individual Citizen’s Army comes into this, worry, it comes in all right! The Individual Citizen’s Army means all of us, don’t forget— is concerned and very deeply com-cerned, with everything that goes en in the world today.
There is not a thing that happens that does not concern each one of us. The death of a U. 8. Army aviator somewhere over the Coral Sea is just as important to the whole scheme of things as the loss of a Canadian made tank ie Libya.
Death has hardly touched yet. By the time the “Great War” was as old as this one thousands of Canadians had been killed in battle. There was hardly a home in the Dominion that had not been shadowed by the dark angel’s wing.
And by the same token there was hardly a home in the whole of Canada that was not straining every sinew to help beat the enemy.
O F
I H E
PRESS
Will history repeat itself? That's the question Canadian Golf fans are asking themselves, for if past history means anything there will be another playoff for the Canadian Open Golf Championship and the Seagram Gold Cup at Missis-
<r
WHAT’S WRONG?
We quite often hear tke que#-#en asked: What is wrong with educational system? One wer was supplied to us rey by a radio broadcaster and not so far wrong at that, trouble with education, he listed, is that the teachers are afraid of the principal, the principal is afraid of the inspector and &e school board, the school board W afraid of the parents, the par-are afraid of the children and children are not afraid of anyone.—Carleton Piece Canad-
Don’t
V
that
•auga on August 6, 7 and 8.
The approaching open will bo the third held at Mississauga and In each of the previous struggles there have been deadlocks, one being decided by a thirty-six hole playoff and the other by one that want twenty-seven holes. In the foulh round in 1981 Walter Hagen
slipping to a bad 14 in the final round. In the playoff the Haig moored hie only victory in the Canadian open.
Seven years later Slamming Sammy Snead and Harry Cooper tied with a total of 877. In the eighteen hole playoff they both earded brilliant 67 # and after a consultation with the R. C. G. A. officials It was decided to play nine additional hole*. On these final holes Cooper slipped badly turning In a 89, while Snead who was really hot from tee to cup,

had 888 aft
HELPS THE FARMERS
*nie editor and staff of the Bowm an ville Statesman have worked overtime to get their
-----“to bed” so that they ma,
i to go out and help at Not only this, but the paper’s farm editor has for two seasons taken a whirl at hay-tag, harvesting and threshing. Wall, we’ll wager there'll be wigs e green now, up in Durham County. Congratulations, fellow editors. This is one time when hay forks and rakes and cultivators will be mightier than the pen!—Kingston Whig-Standard.
paper " ha free
Sarm work.
A. 1
earn# In with a 34.
GneUenau May Be Out For Duration
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher
The 26,000-ton German bu’ le-
ship Gneisenau, which slipped through the English Channel f-om Brest February 13 despite a heavy British aerial attack, k anchored In the former Polish port of Gdynia with her three 11-inch gun turrets dismantled, British aerial photographs showed recently.
About 30 feet of the ship's forecastle deck also has been removed and the British expressed the belief sire had suffered such serious damage that she "may be out for the duration.”
' 1 1//J^
WORRIES EFFICIENTLY Prims Minister Churchill tokf M# friends in Washington that he had #o many worries that ha had ta set up a personal priority sya-for them. To a colleague who was complaining about hie minor troubles, Mr Churchill explained that he had had so many worries for so long now that they had to have a top priority to claim Ms interest. One day, ha ex-ed, Kharkov has A-1A prior-the next day Egypt. In that y he explained jokingly, he eld “worry efficiently”
\
X


conyoy
s.
.//
si'

It


r
The Air Ministry said it would be impossible to make the necessary large-scale e-pairs on the vessel at Gdynia llte Gnelsenau was bombtd o-peatedly while she was tied u;> at Brest from March, 1941, uhtll he day she slipped out of the French port with other unite of the German fleet ami successfully elu l td the British. The Air Ministry said the ship suffered further dan. Age on the flight from Brest.
The ministry statement a Idad that the Gnelsenau, firat taken to Kiel, probably was hit again dur» ing a British raid on Kiel February 25.
The photographs, made in day-lig.it some time after that raid, also
ship Monte Olivia or a liner of ho same class burned out a in] mor «d near the battleship.
)
To Send Clipping» Instead of Papers

WARTIME SLOGANS
By their slogans ye shall know United Nation Flying”;
Dying”;
Dhring”; Japan Mg”; Vichy France Lying ; and Hon. J. L. Haley— "Keep ’em Buying”.—Hamilton Spectator.
Post office officials last week said a general campaign is being planned to encourage Canadian* to send newspaper clippings rather than complete newspapers overseas.

ex-
“Keep Germany—“Keep Italy—“Keep ’em —“Keep ’em Flee-“Keep ’em
»,


on land
%
The plan has already been presented to newspaper associations and is being supported by the Canadian Postmasters’ Association.
V

EVENING THINGS UP There are always compensations, little Willie has been bewailing ban on the manufacture of kids’ bicycles, but he gets a lift •at of the similar action that k#a now been taken with respect 4* lawn mowers.—Windsor Star.
“In most cases clippings are quite sufficient to give the news and would overcome the terrific waste in shipping space which there is at present with thousands of papers being sent overseas,” a departmental spokesman said.

C:
i

ft-A

as great
I
showed the German depot

l ky
la a «porting chance.”
“He thinks it’s only fair to give the ami
ONLY REALIZATION
The only times some people lise there is a war in progress Ê# when a budget speech increases their taxation or the Oil Controller reduces their gasoline rations.—Brockville Recorder and Times.
REG’LAR FELLERS—Dangerous Practice
By GENE BYRNES
where are your manners j>
DON'T TOO KNOW THAT WHEN TOO TAWN WORE SUPPOSED TO HOLD TOUR HAND OVER ^ '---, TOUR MOUTH? )
SW/ WAKE OP/ WHAT» THE MATTER WITH TOO ? DO TOO THINK WORE HOME M BED?
OH,BUT I'M TH*)/1 WAS UP TILL TEH AFTER E*HT LA* MRMT/
l DID THAI ONCE
an I qoT BIT /
$


P A
/
1
1
« •
«5
GOOD IDEA
A contemporary says it would &• a good idea to take autos away jkrom all careless drivers, whereupon the streets would become mle, quiet—and almost deserted. — Brantford Expositor.
f r X
V
A

2 %
F
)
L
W

•I
k
ORIGIN OF ANTS
Scientists find ants existed 60 million years ago—probably they started with the first picnic.— Kitchener Record.
I

t »uir
i


— 74
*'¦

*!*»•
- *r

###PAGE###3###

What Science Is Doing
War Department Builds Giant 5-in-1 Headquarters

I

».

#



A

%
vi'sdâÊF''-:


>


fcl^eSerr
LIBYAN SAND

r
I

Sand from the Libyan desert has been specially sent to the Research Laboratory of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway for teats on the air filters of the diesel shunting locomotives to be used in the deserts of the Middle Last placed in a wind tunnel and the sand blown past them in order to imitate actual desert conditions.
*

IT DOES TASTE GOOD IN A PIPE I
* - *-«*..
y/.yr ;><

3%
The filters were
i
GROWN IN SUNNY. SOUTHERN ONTARIO
I


t

»
M —
Reserve Army To Be Fully Trained
Watch Russia
nz&ism
Foiu buildings within a building form War Department's new headquarters, under construction at Arlington, Va. Pentagonal in shape, structure will be largest office building in world.

A related problem was to give a better supply of cooling air to the engine gear-boxes of tanks operating in hot climates model of the after part of a tank was erected in the laboratory, and by making various alterations in the circulating fan and the air ducts, an improvement of 90 per cent, was achieved of these experiments may be used in future tank designs.

The
Watch Russia for the key to the
future of the draft, says New*
week. If the Soviets hold. It rnaf
be unnecessary to draft ui&or
family men. If they don't then all
bets are off and the Government
may have to take almost everyone able to carry a gun engaged In vital war work—Us raise an army of 12,000,000 le 16,000,000.
Have You Heard?
Modem Etiquette
Predicts End To Shortage Of Beef
The Reserve Army will not be "found wanting" If called on to defend Canada, Major-General Beverly W. Browne, director general of the Reserve Array, said In a broadcast address last week.
"If and when we are called upon to face the enemy forces on this continent, General Browne said, "we will be fighting as the people of Russia have fought from houses and ditches In forest and mountain. battling the enemy every foot of the way with everything at our disposal.
"This Is the sort of warfare which needs ingenuity as well as courage. I believe that If we are called upon to meet this final teat, the men of the Reserve Army will not be found wanting."
The Reserve Army has a vital role in this war from the "old fashioned wars we used to read about In the history books
link between professional soldier and civilian, served as liaison between military authorities and "the pulse of the nation."
Equipment Promised
'Tin proud of the men in the Reserve Army," he said, "and quite apart from their Importance from a military point of view, I believe they are doing a great deal to maintain and mould the morale of thia country.”
War had brought new and great-ter responsibilities to Canada'e second-string fighting force direct and large-scale attack oe the Dominion was no longer a remote possibility Army traditionally lacked equipment but modern fighting equipment has been promised.
"1 am glad to be able to report, as a result of a recent tour of Reserve Army camps, that thie flow of equipment has begun la considerable volume," he said. "I have seen Reserve troops training with motors, Bren guns, with ample mechanical transport available —weapons beyond the fondest dreams of the old militia days."
1.	When a verbal invitation ham been extended to a person, isn't it rude for this person to say, "All right, I'll come if I can"?
2.	If the wedding is to take place in church on a summer morning, is it permissible for the men of the bridal party to wear dark blue coats and white flannel trousers?
3.	When a man meets a woman on the street, with whom he Is well acquainted, should he offer his hand?
4.	Which is better, to have a dozen real friends, or be like some people who seem to be friends with everyone?
5.	Is it ever permissible for the parents of a young man who is to marry, to announce the engagement?
6.	When a man is the guest of another man in a restaurant or hotel dining room, should he leave a tip for the waiter?
Answers
1. Yes, this indicates a lack of good breeding. One should say, and without hesitation, "I shall be delighted to come,” or, "I am very sorry, but it will be impossible for me to accept your kind invitation.” 2. Yes. 8. No; this ie the woman’s privilege. 4 It le preferable to have a dozen real genuine friends. The old proverb says, "A friend to everybody ie e friend to nobody.” 6. No; only the parents of the girl are entitled te do this. 6. This is not nec ¦ary; it is the duty of his host
Alter six months at a new factory, the superintendent developed a feeling that he wasn’t popular, so he called aside an old worker. "Bill," said the superintendent, "how is it the men don’t seem to like me? Why, at the last place they gave me a silver teapot when 1 left." "Only a silver teapot?" Said the candid worker. "If you’d only leave here we’d make it a Whole silver tea service."
The results
Packers' Head Cites Reasons For Optimistic Outlook
xcept thou#
The research department has recently devised another novelty rather like a pistol, with which pins that have been recovered from old correspondence are picked up magnetically in exact packetfuls by a pull on the trigger. Seven cwts. of pins, clips and fasteners were recovered in the first year.
Most of the work of the Company’s scientific staff is directly concerned with the war effort, either on the Railway’s own war problems or for Government Departments. Substitutes have to be continuously sought for as regular supplies become unobtainable, and a good example has been the discovery that the wool grease retrieved from the sewers at Bradford can. be used in lubricating oils in the place of fatty oils previously imported for this purpose.
The research department’s instrument shop has also been carrying out investigation on barbed-wire entanglements, steel helmets amd armor plate.
The introduction of spray painting has been accelerated, enabling a wagon to be painted in six minutes as against 40 minutes required by brushing has been so simplified that it has been quickly mastered by women who have taken the place of painters called up to the Forces.
Mr. James S. McLean, president of Canada Packers Litnited, declared last week that the crisis in the beef situation had been reach-
ed
Skilled Labor Wanted
New policies instituted last week by the Wartime Prices and Trade Board will have the effect of easing the beef shortage and the situation will show immediate improvement, Mr. McLean assert-
Jock: "That lawyer chap you told me of ie not a man of hie word.” Mac: "Why, what’e happened?”
Well, he told me that 1 could talk freely to him, and thie morning he sent in hie count.”
Watchmakers
Jocks
ed
Reasons for his optimistic outlook were;
1.	Absence of any beef scarcity in the country.
2.	A lowering of the ceiling price, enabling civilian needs to compete with the military mar-
AND
war different
Jewel
Setters
An Kast London man who had been advised by his solicitor upon fht matter of making everything ôver to his wife in case he was killed in an air raid, later wrote to his legal adviser thus:
"Dear Sir—Having as you advised, put all my possessions In fny wife's name, regret to say I •w have no money to pay you or your services.”
The Reserve formed a
ket
3. Resumption of business by drovers, who had stopped buying for a brief period because of the confused situation.
Mr. McLean could not produce a similar bright picture regarding the pork situation which, he said, would probably remain a scarce commodity until war's end ports to Great Britain under Government contract have cut deeply into pork products remaining for Canadian consumption, he aaeert-
FOR
AIRCRAFT
l
%
INSTRUMENT
Mother announced that a
Em-
prise would be given each Saturday to the most obedient member of the family during the week.
Almost with one voice the five children protested: “db, that isn't fair
ASSEMBLY
A
ed
APPLY
“The sale of beef to the military authorities had been a big factor in keeping up the price and causing a shortage for civilian needs,” said Mr. McLean. "Under the new arrangement of the Wartime Prices and Trade Board, the military contracts have brought to the ceiling level which has been set at 16% cents per pound.
The Reserve
Daddy will
The work
Sutton-Horsky
CO. LTD.
263 ADELAIDE ST. W. TORONTO
win every time.”

Aussies Captura
Museum Specimen
After much thought, an Aberdeen couple decided to adopt an 'orphan boy.
"I wonder, Mrs. McFie," remarked a neighbour, "that ye Hldna choose a lassie. Now you're tip in years she would have been hèlpful tae ye."
"Maybe," replied Mrs. McFiei "but, ye see, we had a guid glen-gar)’ bonnet in the boose."
When the Australians were In Tobruk, recalls Australian Press Union, men of a famous R.A.A.P. fighter squadron spotted a fast super-streamed saloon car scooting along below them. Their bullets killed the driver and the ground troops captured the pas-HMI Nazi general.
An A.I F. photographer whose car had been shot under him, claimed the car as a replacement, but later the authorities decided that even with its bullet holes It was too good for him and that It should go to the War Museum in Canberra.
So the car arrived in Australia and here the authorities decided it was too good for the War Museum so the staff got it after all. Now it is showing 95 m.p.h. paces to Northern Australia. It was ducoed in the desert, dressed with sand and ducoed again to fix the sand. It will go to the War Museum later.
The 100 odd painters in the painting department of a Canadian aircraft plant use 18,000 gallons of paint per month, or enough to coat the hull of the Queen Mary half a dozen times.
"This is a long step down, because at one time, prices paid to farmers to fill military contracts were a full cent above the ceiling of 19% cents," Mr. McLean continued
We conform to relieve Ord ers-i n-Con nel
“Three weeke ago the price started to come down and recently it dropped to 18% cents. The final price set is at 16% cents."
senger
Something went wrong in the cookhouse and the piecrust was ms herd as a brick. The mess wag eemt it back with a message:—
“Give us the tools and we'll finish the job.”
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS...
e e e
Packing plants had lost money on beef bought above the ceiling price, Mr. McLean asserted.
"The reaction to bringing down the price has been bewildering to the farmer,he stated. "He had been selling all along at a price above the ceiling, and I don't blame him for doing that because those were the prices offered to him. However, the new price is still a good one for beef.
"Last week, drovers bought cattle at higher prices than they could sell them for," said Mr. McLean. "This caused them to lose money, and they stopped operating. The present extreme shortage is caused by this fact. However, they are operating again and the situation will soon be back to normal. There is plenty of beef in the country and conditions will soon be relieved."
COOK WANTED
LAND FOlt $ ALU
AUTOMOBILES — USED
LAND—$1.00 PER ACRE — 1,6* acres for sale, well adapted foy hunting, cattle or reforestation situated In Ryerson Township, ll miles west of Burks Falls, • cellent road 7 miles from Canadian National Railroad Sound district, situated betw two lakes, quantity of cord a pulpwood. C. I. Zehr. Tavistock, owner. For small charge parties wishing to see it call on Georgs Davidson, Burks Falls. R. 1.
USED CARS WITH GOOD TIRES, See us first. We will refund your cost of transportation to Toronto, If you buy from us. Mount Pleasant Motors Ltd. Used Car I»ts at 1650 Danforth Avenue and 2040 Yonge Street. Head Office, 632 Mount Pleasant Road, Toronto. Telephone Highland 2181.
EXCELLENT COOK IN CHRIS tl an Home. Sleep out. $60 to start. Phone ML 6003 for appointment or write 11 ParIt wood. Toronto.
Ami so the gay suburbanite, Expending his last nickel. Proceeds to carry home at night One hoe, one rake, one sickle

Pa
a

DOGS WANTED
His garden is well under way;
And if he keeps on working He’ll have on some summer day One beet, one squash, one gher-
WANTED PUPPIES ANY BREED, preferably thoroughbreds. Give lull details, Ontario only. DOG-DOM, 660 Bay. Street, Toronto.
AGENT WANTED
MACHINERY
BE OUR EXCLUSIVE MAGAZINE Subscription Agent in your own locality. Highest commissions on all publications. Full or parttime work. Write the Davis Agency, 75a Adelaide St. West, Toronto. Ontario.
kin
KLL STEAM. 32 x 50 CUTTER Separator, High Elevator. Jameê Stevenson. Brussels, Ont.
DYEING A CLEANING
Doris: “Mother! what did you do when a boy first kissed you ?"
Mother:	“Never mind."
“That's funny; I did the same thing, mother!”
Production Affects Canada’s Income
HAVE YOU ANYTHING NEEDS dyeing or cleaning? Write to urn for information. We are glad to
Départ-Works
MEDICAL
ITS PROVEN — EVERY SUFFERer of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon's RemedJL Sold only Munro's Drug Storà, 336 Elgin, Ottawa.
answer your questions, ment H, Parker's Dye Limited, 791 Yonge Street, Toronto.
Ill A U Y CHICKS
The Dominion’s war effort gathered tremendous momentum last year, says The Edmonton Journal
sheet for 1941-42 provides the folowing demonstrations of how the national income has been affected by the harnessing of the Dominion’s powers of production, all increases being a comparison of 1941 with 194(9:
Direct income taxes paid up 186%; other forma income tax up 111%; all forms Dominion revenue up 70%; total Federal expenditure up 50%; general employment up 22%; manufacturing employment up 30%; retail sales up 20%; sales tax receipts up 32%; exports, mostly war supplies up 50%; agricultural subsidies, etc. up 46%.
WE CAN GIVE YOU PROMPT DElivery on started chicks, two and three week old In non-sexed, pullets or cockerels in the following breeds:	White Leghorn,
Black Minorca X White Leghorn, Barred Rock, White Rock, New Hampshire, Light Sussex, Barred Rock X New Hampshire, New Hampshire X Barred Rock. Also if not particular about receiving all one breed, we have genuine bargains on assorted breeds. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
MOTORS
FARM EQUIPMENT
Mr. Ilsley’s balance
',7,3
OVERHAUL YOUR MOTOR WHI you're driving; save 3U% gas i oil—guaranteed to restore com pression. $2.00 delivered. Mike Ignash, 441 Manitoba Ave. Winnipeg, Man.
Help Wanted Female
REBUILT 36 HP. LISTER FULL Diesel Engine, complete with clutch and cooling tanks; 22 H.P. Blackstone Marine engine and Link Harrows, Lets L'umbili-aiion Feed Mill; 193a stake body International Truck; demonstrating and rebuilt Mclotte Cream Sepututors; paint, while it lasts, $l.uO per gallon. The above are all specials for July and August Melotte, Magnet and Premier Cream Separator Parts; Myers Water Systems; one only Hammer Mill; one only 25 cycle Portable Milker. S. A. Lister, Stewart Street Toronto.
25 H.P. DeuU; 250 lil. P. ; Tine
HOW CAN l?
GIRLS
MOTOR WANTED
Q. How can I kill dandelions?
A. An ice pick dipped in gasoline and thrust into the heart of the dandelions will kill the weeds with little damage to the surrounding grass.
Q. How can I keep the teeth and gums in good condition?
A. Try using salt occasionally on the tooth brush, instead of the usual toothpaste. It invigorates the gums, and if used with cold water, is an excellent mouth wash or gargle.
Q. How can I prevent spots on the surfaces of mirrors?
A. Be sure to protect the mirrors in your home from receiving the direct rays of the sun, which cause spots and other blemishes.
Q. How should a linen suit be pressed ?
A. When pressing a linen suit, dampen with a cheesecloth which has been dipped into water; then press the linen on the wrong side.
Q. How can I make tender doughnuts?
A. Doughnuts will toughen if handled or kneaded too much. Roll out only a small quantity of dough at a time and cut it into doughnuts before rolling out more. Fashion the holes into the doughnuts with the fingers, without re-rolling.
FOR
WANTED—5 HORSEPOWER JOHNson outboard motor. A/£. or Rt standard, 1940 or 1941 model. Motor must be in first-class condition. Reply Box 250 Wiarton.
WAR WORK
BABY CHICKS
TOP NOTCH CHICKS ALL FROM
culled, blood tested
carefully breeders at rock bottom prices Can su breeds,
keys. With the demand for eggs and poultry ever greater, it will pay you to fill your brooder again with these high quality chicks. Non-sexcd chicks as low as $1.16 $9.95. heavy breed cockerels $7.50, light breed cockerels $1.50. Send for complete price list. Prompt delivery. No deposit required. Ship COD. anywhere. Also bargains in two and three week old started chicks. Top Notch Chfck-eries. Guelph, Ontario.
ALTS WANTED
EXPERIENCE NOT NECESSARY
hybrid
all popular pure crosses and tur-
HAZEL NUTS WANTED. HIGHEST cash prices paid. Red Spot Nut Company, 25 Jarvis St., Toronto.
FARM mom CE
OLD ItLGS REWOVEN NEW

Cafeteria
STUCK FEED
per hundred, pullets
RUGS. NEW RUGS MADE FROM old. Dominion Rug Weaving Cum. pauy, 964 Queen St. W., Toronto. Write for bookkL
------------; ANALYSIS PERcentage. protein 14.65, fat 1.27, crude libre 1.93; puffed wheat siftings, thoroughly cooked, $16 per ton. Kavanagh Food, Toron-
ON
I TC H s:
to.
RHEUMATIC
Premises
APPLY
Employment Office
Canadian Acme Screw and Gear
207 Weston Road Weston, Ont.
SATISFY Y OURS EL*
sufferer of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixons Remedy. Sold only Muni o a Drug Store, 335 Elgin, Ottawa.
EVERY
FOOT BALM
BAUMEEKA FOOT BALM destroys offensive odor Instantly. 46c bottle. Ottawa agent, De Drug Store, Ottawa.
BABY CHICK#
espsir, liquid D. D. D. Prtwr.ptKm Grauslsss. ¦^mk^ Soodweimistioo and quickly stupe intrus» ¦¦ies. 3.x- tnal hot tie prove» or money hark. Ask jmtr druggist today fur O D D PRESCRIPTION.

WE RE READY TO SUPPLY POUL-trykeepers with summer stock. Pullets, especially Leghorns, also crossbreeds, and cockerels. It's important you start the fall and winter season with enough to meet the demands. We've some Turkeys too. Bray Hatchery. 130 John N., Hamilton, Ont.
I AI ENT»
F ET H EKtiTON H A U U H * CUMAANÏ Fateut Solicitors. Established 1890;	14 King West. Toronto.
Booklet of Information quest
FOR SALE
Relieves MONTHLY
NUTRIA. FINEST QUALITY, 16 for |160; pair $26. James Byrne, KM. 1, Woodslee, Out
on re-
FEMALE FAIN
PHOTOGRAPHY
IIAKFHY EQUIPMENi
HEREFORD BULL#
DON’T TRUDGE THROUGH
Women who suffer pain of Irregular periods with cranky nervousness— due to monthly functional disturbances—should find Lydia E Pink-Vegetable Compound Tsblets (with added Iron I very effective to relieve such distress. Plnkham’sTablets made especially for women help build up resistance against such annoying symptoms. Follow label direction». Made In Canada.
ike
Heat, Mala, vr Hall
BAKERS OVENS AND MACHINery. also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Cvi i cspuiidence Invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co.. 103 Balhursi St, TuiuhtO.
PUREBRED HEREFORD BULLS for immediate service. Due to acquisition of the herd of the late E. J. Thompson of Montreal, we have a large selection, yearlings and older bulls, all of excellent breeding. Prices from $1U0 up. M. View#, Calabogie Stock Farms. Reniiew, Ont T frew 637.
HAVE YOUR SNAPS
Delivered by Mall
Any 6 or & exposure film perfectly developed and printed for only lie. Supreme quality and fast service guaranteed.
We conform to Order-InCouncil relative to those now engaged In war work.
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
clephone Ren
ISSUE 30—'42
Station J. Toronto
###PAGE###4###
Eskimo» Have Almost
Perfect Teeth; Chew Food
The modern Eskimos are giving scientists a clue as to what biological conditions are. The Eskimos have a frightfully unbalanced diet, live in unhygienic conditions, and apparently do not give their jaws or teeth much attention. But they have almost perfect teeth. Scarcely one Eskimo out of a hundred has a decayed tooth, while four out of five civilized white men have several decayed teeth.
The secret seems to be in the way the Eskimos chew. They have to chew or starve to death. The walrus and other meats on which they live are about as tough as elephant hide. An Eskimo is busy all day long chewing his food to soften it enough to be swallowed. Sometimes they put the children to work on this softening process, having the youngsters chew the food until it is soft enough for the older persons to swallow without work.
This man-sized chewing assignment results in the development of powerful jaw muscles, a healthy jaw bone, and good teeth. The average Eskimo, for instance, has a force of over 300 pounds in his bite. In contrast, the typical American can bite with a maximum strength of only
-	1)0 1 around 125 pounds. These are not guesses, but scientific figures obtained by the use of a gnatho-dynanometer which registers the strength of a bite.
-	()l> | Obviously an Eskimo would be a tough adversary in a biting match, but the important thing is how this continual workout of heavy chewing improves jaw and teeth. The teeth benefit since they are squeezed up and down a fraction of an inch in their cushions on each bite. This
r> 00 gives a sort of a suction action, like a plunger in an electric washing machine, which souses the root up and down in the vital juices and improves the nutrition of the tooth itself.
THE EQUITY cabbage worm larvae. Dustiug with Cemetery Donations
arsenate of lead at the rate of two tea-•pOOM to OBe POUihl hydrated linn
Shawville, JULY ‘JOth. 1942 * low grade..W Hour i. recommend
fd. A handy duster can he made b> punching a few holes in the lid of a tin
Paria green is also suitable to use for dusting. It should be used Men summoned for amice with in the proportion of one teaspoon to Canada’, armed f..raw by the National one pound of hydrated lime or «our.
War Service. Department, trainee, a. Cauliflower, cm be given the name they are commonly known,—if found treatment a* cabbage. After the head, medically unfit, must volunteer for form in the caul ill .wen. it 11 better to active service before they arc given any use pyrethrnm pmvd, r at the rate ft certificate or button marking the fact one part to four of flour. It i. advisable that they arc unfit.	to pull rhubarb in the late summer *"
Existence of this situation was confirmed Saturday by Raymond Ranger,
Divisional Registrar for the department.
The confirmation was given as the result
of statements made by some draftees Honey Help Out the Sugar that they found it difficult to obtain employment in some war industries, despite the fact that they had been rejected for service ou medical grounds because they had nothing to show that they were unfit.
Mr. Ranger pointed out, that to ob-di sc barge" they would have to go before a regular board or army physicians such as that which passes ujx»n recruits entering the armed forces Men in categories A and B are accepted for service Men in categories VI and V2 are accepted for specific jobs for which they aie fitted on authorization from Ottawa and men in category E are completely rejected.
All men refused enlistment get a blue form, signed by the medical offices and by the recruiting officer. The latter then sends the forms to Ottawa and thence, in time, a bronze button showing the maple leaf and the words “Applicant for Enlistment" and “Canada comes to the rejected man by mail identifie tion card is also sent.
We carry a complete line of
Quality Merchandize
for thé Man In the FIELD or in the FACTORY

Dr. D. J. Campbell, treasurer of tin village Cemetery Improvement Fund acknowledge» with thanks the full ing donations:—
».v
Rejected Men Mutt Volunteer
cantamer
Pontiac County Orange Assoc...
Mrs. Sam Sinclair .... .......
Wilfred Howes..................
Mrs. S McDowell ...............
R. J. Hamilton................
Family of El Hot t Robinson Renfiew ................... ' '
0,	A, Howard .................
Ed Richard-**n, Wakefield ....
Mrs. Henry H »n er............
Shaw ville Women’s Instil tie,. .
Win. I. Armstrong ...........
U A. Hodgin» .................
Mrs. Reggie Hinlgins..........
John L. Hodgins...............
A Friend .....................
Mrs. Robert Telford ......
Mis. Geo. T. Horner .....
Mrs. Sun Sinclair.............
Mrs. 1 ion aid Fraser..........
Cyrus W. Horigins...........
August R"<e ..................
.1, A. Kelley, Itreekenridge. ...
Alt Filiott...................
Mrs Florence E Hodgins .......
1.	P, Wdson .................
I > ivid T. Hodgins.........
Mrs. Hurst field.............
Wilfred Hodgins l) unreiny Sisk, 2 0( Mrs. E H. Hudgins ... .
Dr. Ta g gait, N. V.......
Est ite of Edmund Hodgins Mrs. Robert Chamberlain..
$ 2 (><> l 00
2 00
2 00
2 00
:t 00 2 00 2 00 1 00 f»0 00 2 00 2 00
1	00
VO
2	00 2 00
cottonadcs, twills,
Men’s work trousers 83 cloth, in grey, blue, khaki and brown.
us to enable the plant to .store a reserve of plant food within the rout for next year.
in
Priced to satisfy everyone
$2.50	$2.95
$1.50	$1.95
Situation
With sugar now rationed t** half a pound |*er week per person, honey ha* an added value, for it can lie used in
Those
Men's Work Socks—just she thing for heavy
29c 44c and 50 cents
1
•2 (K>
5 r-o
:> i hi 3 00
\
boots.
many ways to replace sugar, who keep bee* would do well t special attention to their vire, sa y a V. H Qooderhatn. Dominion Auiarist tral K<i>eriinental Farm, Ottawa
The heavy honey thw aeason approaching
management now are to keep available worker busy and to provide sufficient laying spice for the queen to provide replacements.
To keep every worker busy theio should be sufficient supers of drawn comb or full foundation ready for u»e.
pnv
t un a
Men's Straw Hats 25 and 50 cents
2 0
2 0
i en
ft 0
is now
10 <•(> 2 00
Du* important pointa n
even
Men’s Sun Helmets, 35 and 75 cents
Good quality blue denim Overall Pants, rivetted pockets, triple stitched, five good pockets. Specially priced $1.50 to $2.25
Men's Work Boots from $2.49 to $3.98
!
2 Ou
il (N
r>o m
Cooling of Milk
J. lin II McDvWell, treasurer of the Maple Gmve Ve met tu y Fund, acknowledges with thanks, the following don i-turns;—
MU* Grace MeKnight ......
Mr*. Samuel Hen nick.....
Mrs. K-ggie Uodgine......
XV. A Hudgins...........
Mi*. John Judd..........
XI is" Lou Sturgeon .....
\V K. N H"dgin\ Ottawa..
Mr* Jas T lhown..........
David T. H 'Ignis........
J. V. Wi’s m.............
M rs. XX in Edward jfnjgins
It is common knowledge that the souring of milk is caused hy bacteria which grow very rapidly if the milk remains warm. Consequently, necessary to cool the milk to 50 degrees Fahrenheit or lower, if it must be held tor any length of time before being
Cool i tig of
milk is b-st accomplished bv immersing the cans of milk in cold water in an insulated tank Where water is not cold enough to bring the milk to the proper tem|»orttMirc, either natural ice or elect#ic refrigeration should be used, and the water stirred.
Special Wurtiuv* Series Pamphlet X ».
th3 Farm." btained fiee from tli*-* Extension Division.
ulture.
An
Agents for Renfrew Dry Cleaners
It IS
Syrup Gear Help is Cut
1 00
. ^^efino {jlollunÿ and iiancraaskeru /fo men ami oot/s
FraserS
ÜEL A.FRASER SOM
1 (
Fedearl Government assistance for a program of replacing old maple syrup gathering equipment which had caused trouble is being continued on a reduced scale this year, Agriculture Minister G it diner told the House of Commons.
He s|ioke on an item of £50,000 in his department estimates providing for istance in the replacement of maple production equipment. The amount last year was £75 000.
The Minister said some years ago it was found there was lend poisoning in maple product* from Quebec and neigh* l*«ring states. A process was developed to avoid this lead poisoning entering the product and the Dominion and Q tehee Governments and the producer* entered into an agreement to cover a period of three or four years.
The war had affected supplies of the materials and the amount
pasteurized or consumed
5 Ot
l (
2 00
Experiments Show Drunk Tests Unfair, Medics Say

i (
2
4 0U 1 OU
Police tests for drunkenness may be unfair to suspected motorists, experiments reported by two Stanford university medical school physicians indicate.
Their challenge is aimed at police tests which rely on the concentra-A,*pliva'.ts tion of alcohol in the system as an
index to drunkenness. Results of such tests are admissible as evidence in drunken driving cases in several states and cities.
Writing in the November issue of Proceedings of the Society for Ex! perimental Biology and Medicine, Drs. Henry Newman and Mason Abramson conclude that drunkenness depends not alone on how much you drank, but when you drank it They do not infer, however, that motorists can drink with safety.
They assert:
“The presence of alcohol in the body over a period of several hours affects a change in the presence of the nervous system to alcohol with the result that concentrations which originally produced drunkenness no longer are capable of showing this effect."
Two men were tested by requiring them to aim a gun at a moving target while under the influence of alcohol. Accuracy dropped rapidly after the first drink, but gradually returned to normal despite small doses which kept the alcohol concentration in their systems constant In one test the amount of alcohol in the subjects system was kept constant for four hours after the first drink. A second drink, equal to the first, did not affect his aim.
“Apparently," the authors state, “the four-hour period at a lower alcohol concentration had been effective in ‘adapting* the nervous system . . .**
Drs. Abramson and Newman conclude that “the effect of a given concentration of alcohol depends not only on its absolute value but also on how long a time it has been present in the body."

N, R. Horner's old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE.
5< on “Cooling of Milk on
which m iy 1 Publicity
Teachers Wanted
>
and
Dominion Depot ment of Ag Ottawa.
J(5¦i'&'fii'SJÊJSfcïJ rJfrMéiJSJc’, a I >J 3U2J oM 2
fi r Acre* Svlioo’. ma\

l\
Salary £4
state experience and q ia*i
li-'v'y to
DALE’S TINSHOP
A
pionne t ton».
a
Tenders Wanted

M li. HENDERSON
Si c etary-Tr» asurn, Campbell s ILy, Que.
"V
Tenders will lie received by ll e under signed un to August 4th. 1942, for tin caretaking of the Clarendon Sc h no's. Caret akin g 'of these Sell include firing when necessary.
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
ii ¦ >s.ir>
i mg spent hid been cut down.
He said the lead poisoning came from the equipment. The old buckets used in the wood* used to rust and a new type had been developed which would not ru-t. But it had a coating of lead which found its way into the sap in small quantity and those in charge « t checking food supplie* hid insisted it b** eradicated.
Kuril
!*
Policemen ‘Ham1 Operators
Providence, R. I., has made its “ham" radio operators full-fledged but unpaid members of the police department in setting up an emergency communications system for air raid work.
The amateur operators have been sworn into the Providence police mobile radio patrol, making them eligible to operate the police radio equipment as well as their own during an air raid, should telephone communications be bombed out or otherwise damaged.
The city “emergency" network is composed of eight short wave stations each of which will have a “walkie-talkie" transmitter and receiver set that can be packed on the back of a station staff member. Such a staff member on air raid patrol could report from any damage scene to the district station, which would relay the message to the report center for counter-action by the various protective services.
1 A hi*1.AN
3
I
*un t
BEATTY PUMPS
of all types
3
?
3
Tenders Wanted


Tei «1er*» will he received by ill » order-v.ffned Svc’çî tn-TieiMiier up to August 10th, for ill » rt.i illnoti'*n of « school in ti e Yu . oijnl.ty of Lrsbe. All tenders t«* be v.i’id f,*r two mouth*
Tin*. Qua i.s
Set re *s.
Otter L«k , Que.
Threshing Gang Sugar Watched by Board
3
3
’
Alih ugh lilt-
27
sugar rationing regulations permit farmers1 wives to purchase extra supplies of sugar for the feeding oi threshing g mgs and certain other groups of f irm workers b) means ot purchase vouchers obtainable at retail establishments, the
Wartime Brices and Trade Board urge* that reason should govern these applications and that, wherever possible, Hi gar so obtained should approximate the ordinaiy individual ration allowance fur the number of men concerned.

Order now — present stock
cannot be replaced
a
?
I
i
Packing House Efficiency
One need only follow the progress of a carcass through a packing house to realize the complexity of pi eduction and the multifariousness of the uses to which an animal can be put. After butchering the hide is It has been tumid that in certain in 1 removed by experts who accomplish stances applications have teen made fur their task with the least possible sugar for such feeding in unreasonable damage to the skin. The hide is and excessive quantities. In these then cured in brine for 30 days be-the suggestion is being made that, fore being sold for the manufacture in view of the desirability ol sugar being of shoes, harness, saddlery, belting conserved by every means possible, the and related goods estimate ot prospective consumption | The tail hair is should be reduced to reasonable quanti- ploy in upholstering, in the manufacture of brushes and like products.
In case* where the “gang" consists The body hair, removed in the proc-meiely of a number of neighbors who ess of tanning, is sold for felting or combine to carry out farm work, ration for mixing with plaster. Ear hair officer** suggest that any sugar required makes the best - known artists1 to feed them should be made available brushes, from their own ration*.
It is further pointed out that any in dividual making use of the purchase voucher for the purpose of supplying harvesting gangs may later be required for the army’s ski troops has been to justify the use which has been made announced by the war department, of supplies so obtained. All these pur The items have already been tested chase vouchers will be carefully scruintz- by quartermaster corps technicians
to detecting possible and have been devised to take care
of a ski-trooper’s repairs. A repair
As the ration office views the matter, tip, carried as emergency equip-the provision in the rationiing régula , ment by one out of every four to lions permitting farmers’ wives to apply eight ski-troopers, is made of a light for extra *ngar to feed threshing gangs j metal and fits any ski. It is decan rot be seized ujsm as an excuse to, signed as a makeshift to get a ski-obtair, excessive supplies, part of which trooper back to his post when the may be used for other purfioses, and a tip of his ski has been so damaged careful check is being made to prevent that it cannot be used. Also includ-
siieh an abuse of this concession.	I *n the new equipment is a re-
¦¦¦¦¦¦	pair kit containing a bag of tools
Make a Check on the Vegetable Garden necessary to repair skis. The en, tire repair unit weighs less than

I
aJ5.mrSJafû2J5JB

WWW

5r


%
/

Strike First Blow
“The role of U. S. marines in this war is similar to that of the tip of an armor-piercing shell," according to Maj. Gen. J. C. Breckinridge, retired marine corps officer.
Speaking before a group of military engineers, Maj. Gen. Breckinridge said that the job assigned marines is to strike the initial impact and bore in. He added that the results of their efforts, without the weight of the rest of the armed services, would be no more effective than the tip of a shell fired alone.
Lauding the inspiring “Always Faithful" spirit of every member of the marine corps, Maj. Gen. Breckinridge declared that “their spirit will live forever."
Special on Chop
Case*
I
preserved for em-
<
Barley, whaat and Oats
I
ties
*
$30. per ton
'r
/
i
Noah Webster Noted for
Work on the Dictionary
Noah Webster, lexicographer (October 16. 176#May 28, 1843), was born in West Hartford. Conn., son of Noah and Mercy (descendant of William Bradford, second governor of Plymouth colony) Webster. He was graduated from Yale, 1778; studied law and admitted to bar at Hartford, 1781. In 1783 he published .his famous “Grammatical Institute of the English Language," nicknamed the “Blue Backed Speller," which has sold nearly 100.000.000 copies. He married Rebecca Greenleaf in Boston and they had eight children.
In 1793 he launched a daily newspaper in New York called the Minerva, backed by the Federalist party, and a bi-weekly called the Herald, names afterwards changed to Commercial Advertiser and Spectator, respectively. Later he published “A Compendious Dictionary of the English Language," a short work which was the forerunner of his “An American Dictionary of the English Language," printed In two quarto volumes, 1828.
Versatile, he wrote school books, economic, political and medical treatises, works on statistics and climatology, and five dictionaries. In early youth as a Freethinker, he became a Congregationalist in 1808.
i
while it lasts

c
Ï
For Ski Troopers
A new development in equipment
>
a
>:
f.
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
A
ed with a View abuse.

Telephone " 126 SHAWVILLE
A
i

A
Speech Was Speechless
“Rapid Fire" Asaff of Battery A, 55th Training Battalion, saved coins for a month to call via long-distance telephone to his Texas sweetheart.
He planned carefully a three-minute speech, deleting words he thought superfluous, and making every phrase dynamic.
x X
chick
;

>

I
A
A

Armed with a fistful of coins, he . h1	squeezed into the phone booth. He
In midsummer there are spots in the eigm ounces*	pushed the money down the slot and
vegetable garden that have lout the j	----------------- heard the operator make the con-
fresh urn they had » few week* before.	nection.
It is a g N>d plan at this time of the year |	vegetable sponges	“Hello, Tommy," his sweetheart
to make a check up. Early crops such ' ^nc °* tbe ™3ny curious plants sai<xm No answer.
a* radoh and spinach that may be pass	6row in Ecuador is the vege- The operator chimed '.in, “Go
ing to the seed stage should be rernov- •	sponge gourd. It grows to a ahead. Camp Callan."
ed, not only to prevent an unnecessary ! height of ÎÜ to 15 feet and bears a	“Hello, Tommy,"	the	girl	friend
drain on the plant foods in the soil, but • shellocl gourd, the interior of	repeated.
to eliminate an ideal breeding ground l which is fibrous and is used as a	Still no answer.
for cut worms and other insect pests, lbatb sponge, for washing dishes and Asaff was opening and closing his
«ays Alan G. Dustan, in charge of the iot”fr cleanmg purposs as it absorbs mouth but nothing came out. Hi*
Infect Investigations, Dominion Depart- | water 3nd C3n be squeezed out in	well-laid plans, as	they often	do,	had
ment of Agriculture. Cabbage plant*. 1muc” tbe same manner as * sea	gone astray.
^bonId be dusted to control important t•P°nSe«	v
NOTICE
FARM FOR SALE

If you wish a De Laval Milking Marking for the coming year, place your order now as the Company’s 1942 quota is exhausted and the 11)43 quota, which is reduced 50 per cent., will l»e tilied shortly.
The Estate Richard McCnffrey farm at Wciwtehd, Bristol township, 2U0 acres, good buildii gs, well watered, over l°0 acres good tillable land, Apply to
Mns- Richaud McCaffery
VVeirstead Que.
STEPHEN SMITH, Maryland| or, H. U. FtOWAT, N.P., SlawviUe
CLIFFORD CONE,
Agent
De Laval Company Ltd.
###PAGE###5###
<âSfc,
I
Look Here
Service .Announcement»
GENTS FURNISHING
DEPARTMENT
For Sale, Want*, Found,
Lotît, etc.
Sunday, August 2 d
Shaw vim.s Unitro Church Rev A. F. Forks B. A , B.D. PAitor
11.00 a. ni. Service at Shawville
2	OO p. m.—Sei vice at Z on
3	30 p m. Service at Stark’s Corners
The evening service at Shawville is withdrawn.
FOR RENT—The UMwell Cottage at Green* Lnke, for the last two weeks of August, Phone 105, Shawville.
WANTED— Roomer* or boarder*, apply to Mm Aha LaughRK5, Shaw-ville.
Boys' grey flBnnol Trous (^s^sizos 27 to 31
light colour Sport Trousers, 34 to 40
To clear at $2.00
Men’s Work Pants, odd sizes
To clear at $1.69
Men’s Heavy Work Pants
$1.98 to $2.50
Men’s Good Quality Work Skirts
79 cents to $1.49
fine Socks, sizes 104 to 114
49 cents
Men’s Light Summer Caps
25 to 35 cents
Men’s Neckties, latest patterns
50 to 75 cents
Boys’ Fancy Polo Shirts 50 to 69 cents
Red and Blue Polo Shirts, odd sizes To clear at 69 cents

FOU SA LE-A number of Barr d Rock PiillrtM. ready to lay. Apply to Me». NYiBVal WilmuN, R. 3, Shaw ville, phone 7 11.
Men's
Bhihtol United Church Lay Min inter :—Mr. Leslie Dean
Anniversary Services
11.00	a. m.—Service at St. Andrews
8.00	p. in.—Service ut St. Andrew*
Knox service withdiawn St. Andrews Sunday School withdrawn
Service at Austin

, r
FOR RENT — Comfortable living rooms. Apply to Q. A. Howard, Main Street, Sh.tw ville. Phone 39 J.
FOR SALE- Massey Harris hay loader, drum loader type, in g'»od condition. Will null at a reasonable price. Apply to Jason Howard, More bead, phone. Campbell’s Bay 39-23.
. J
8.00 |). m
perhaps you have wondered many t*mee as you have lifted a heavy pad of milk shoulder-high to pour it into your Separator tank.
If your Separator is a Renfrew you have never Given the matter a thought for on a Renfrew "up" is 39 inches from the floor. This is one reason why women prefer a Renfrew. This— and ease of operation, perfect tkieming, absolute cleanliness and absence cf surface oil
Quality the highest — price the lowest, quality considered. Capacities ,400 lbs., 600 lbs., 600 lbs. and 1C00 lbe., per hour.
see#
ANGLICAN
H*v. K. V. Ik'LTOB, BA., L.Tii
i

Men’s
HELP WANTED—Girls wanted for waitresses and general work in summer resort. Over fifteen, refined manners, with g<»r>d training ; energetic and willing Immediate employment ; earning* 130.00 to $40 00 per month with board, Home-like living conditions under personal rare of Mr*. R. Boyd; with thorough individual training. References as to good character and honesty are essential; give all self-particular* and enclose snapshot. Also capable women for laundry and general housework; best wages. Near Ottawa The Carls-d/.dSprings, Carlsbad, Ont.
iffl
S§4
Ft. Paul’s
Holy Communion—11 00 a. m. Evening Pray< r —7.30 p. m.
Shaw ville Sunday School withdrawn for the month.


8S88P
ml
r

Holy Trinity Evening Prayer—3.15 p m.
St Lvkkh
Holy Communion—9.00 a. m.
Æ
4
a
F
nan In À your neigh-® borhood. He^
la reeponaible to	—


Men’s
North Clarendon Pabi.hu Rev P, R. Stotk. ii charge
Cbarceria—
Holy Commun ion--10 30 a. m. North Onslow:—
Evening Prayer—2‘00 p. m. Thorne Centre—
Son i «> Schoo’ — 1 00 p in. Event «g Hm> vr—4 XU p. in
Overmnui.t:—
Evening Pr «yer-h CO p. in
RANGES . HEATERS WASH -RITES - TRUCK SCALES INCUBATORS
FOIL SALE—A quantity of usen lumber, euitaUe for frame building, 20 x 26, with 14 font wall. (Building recently dismantled.) Price complete with doom and window», $400. Apply to Herbert Dean, Norway Bay, tjue. Phone 4 — 31.
hind him in this responsibility.
&T:
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED RENFREW ONT.
ST.JOHNS P.O.
SUSSEX H.B.
4
y
FOU SALE—One 32 x 50 Sawyer-
aeîf feeder,
Apply Kenneth Pb iie 7—G.
*
Massey Or «in S*parati»r, bagger ami blower Early, It 3, Shu w ville.
Several good used Separators to clear
at reasonable prices
i
LEO R. KEON
FOIL SHAKES—30 acres of good hay to give on «.hare*. Apply to Clifford Horner, It. l Shaw ville, phone 15 4.
Bristol Memorial ( nrncn
Preaul yteiian
Hev, Wallace MacKinnon, B. A. Divine Seivice—11.00 a. m.
For the coming
DISTRICT	REPR ESF.N T ATI V E
McKee - Quebec
FOlt SALE -White Threshing Separator and Internath n tl tractor, in good
order JJHBPHHHH Beattik, Onslow Cornera, phone 13-21,
Shaw ville
PRESERVING SEASON
Apply t«> Hilliard
Clarendon Circuit Rev. T M. Holme*, Pastor 11 00 a. m —Sri vice at Radford 3 On p in.—S ivi. -Ht Bri>t**l t$ O) p in.—S:*ivie«*at Y arm
We recommend JEWELL JARS
Quarts,
Half Gallons, per dozen, $165
For coming* Pickling Season
use nothing but
FOR SALE—Farm for Hale, also thirty-fight acre tid’d of h iy Apply to Donald F* ah Kit,. 354 VV.ivt r:ey St Ottawa.
per dozen, $1.25
For Beautiful
FOR SALE— O iv .\L<s*ey-Harris
in good condition, will sell App’y to Robert Wallace,
i
Wilson’s Garage
Mower reasonable, phone 14 50
Cemetery Memorials

T^e Same Reliable Service
X
_____________ FOR SALE—l McCoriuic Mower.
. I big 5. Apply to Clifford Horner, R 1;
Dodge and De Sotol Skawvil'e, phone 15 4.
Sales and Service I---------------------------------------------
Write or phone
i
Heinz White Cider Pickling Vinegar
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
FOR SALE—1 Renfrew Scales, cap. 1200 lbs ; 1 tivt single driving harness ; 1 cultivator ; 1 cream aeptratoi, medium »;Z”d tables ; large and small chains ; forks And shovel». eti\ Apply to R« BT. Judd, K 3, Shaw ville, l'bone 7—3.
Same economical price. 65 cents per gallon
Ford Service
!
Also XXX Vinegar
Phone, 278
Shell Sealed Cas & Lis
45 cents per gallon
J. P Wilson
Cranberries
Long ago, and far before any white man stepped on our shores, the shrewd native Indian recognized cranberries as a wholesome “medicine berry” and anticipated its health and vitamin values by several hundred years. It was the Indian squaw who taught the Pilgrim Mother how to cook this sour berry growing outside her door, and how to serve it with wild turkey, rabbit and game. Later, the New England sea captains took barrels of cranberries along with them on their sailings around the Horn, and observant ones noted that the crew seemed less
Main Street Shawville Quebec
Phone 40

-
:*
ESTABLISHED 1883
%
COACH
INVALID
Sunshine States Have
Little Tooth-Decay
Studies have shown that certain southern states with abundant sunshine have less tooth decay than states where old Sol doesn’t beam so generously. And we know thaiTsubject to scurvy.
the ultra-violet in sunshine helpse*É**eejeee build up vitamin D in the human body.*
i Maybe that is one reason that one county in Texas was discovered recently where teeth were almost perfect. They have 3,000 hours of sunshine each year.
Another reason might be that people living in such a sunny clime have sunny dispositions and do not suffer from upset emotions.
In Deaf Smith county, according to a report to the American Dental association by Dr. Edward Taylor of the Texas state department of health, 43 native-born people rang-i • ing from two years to middle age j were picked at random, their teeth examined and no cavities found.
This remarkable condition was attributed, in part, to the high per cent of calcium carbonate in the soil in that locality. Calcium being one of the minerals important in tooth formation.
Other minerals also are high in the soil and water in Deaf Smith county. Wheat ground into flour there is found to contain six times as much phosphorus as that found uon in ordinary flour. Milk samples tested there were as much as 30 per cent higher in phosphorus content than accepted standards. Vegetables and meats also probably are especially rich in minerals.
All these would add essential ele£ ments of calcium and phosphorus to the “tooth diet."
GEO. HYNES & SON
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
V^Shawville Oue.

Phone 80
Cause of Peru’s Infertileness
The seacoast of Peru is a desert of rock and sand, because no rain clouds from the Atlantic can cross the high Andean summits, while the cold waters of the Humboldt current sweeping up from the Antarctic make the winter climate foggy and dismal—and winter in this latitude
the time from June to





;


I
i
The Hodgins Lumber Co-


means
August. Yet Peru lies entirely within the tropics, and wherever there is water along the otherwise barren coast, the soil yields rich returns. Each river valley, every irrigated section, is green with fields of cotton,
corn, vineyards and
%




I



*4

it



z
I

4
sugar-cane,
fruits.

z

/
We carry a large stock of
Roll Roofing Cement
Gyproc
#
Rock Wool Insulation

/
/

200 Color Gradations
As the result of researches concerning the innermost secrets of the eye and the. brain's vision centers, conducted for nearly nine years, Dr. Stephen L. Polyak of the University of Chicago has found several hitherto unknown laws of color perccp-
In his treatise, “The Retina," published by the University of Chicago, Dr. Polyak states that man is capa ble of perceiving about 200 eolol gradations.
However, when the amazing machinery of color perception is defective or breaks down somewhere, partial color blindness results.
;•
2
<


I
>

î;
<







i

%
r

4
BRITISH SUBMARINES WRECK AXIS CONVOYS
11

j
###PAGE###6###
Guerillas Fighting On Dozen Fronts
radio reporter
Navy's Newest Air Giant Passes First Tests
m

dialing WITH GAVE:
came when they were «till in their 'teen#, doing • black-face
radio benefit broadcast.
Boh “Take Lt or Leave It" Hawk's radio career has been one Lig question mark! He was of the first to bring a mike to the man on the street, starting off in Chicago with such sidewalk quizzes as “Foolish Questions" and “Fun Quiz.” Later he came to New York for “Quixie Doodles" and “Name Three,” finally querying his way to success in “How’m l Doin'”, the top ranking audience participation^ WO* which got its first NBC National
airing on July 9th.
Bob was born in Creston* Iowa 36 years ago. He started his of questions by teaching
When he left to Chicago, him

Patriot» Fighting Axis Powers Number About 1,800,000



"earning at the last minute that there were six other blackface still waiting to go on,
huddle and

one

$
Guerrilla armies are battling the Axis ou a dozen trout# around the world. In Spanish, "guerrilla" originally meant "little war," but there Is nothing email about the war that today's guerrillas are fighting. The lowest possible ea tlmate of the world's guerrilla streugth Is well over a million, and If the division* of the Chin regulars fighting behind Jap-
-mLiL
X
comics
they went into * emerged as two old Ozard char-
meters, which were to lead them to national fame and fortune!


;@6m
Gabby Tobe Reed, driver of the popular “Fitch Bandwagon" each Sunday night, at last has something to keep him quiet Tobe'#. busy counting the votes that will decide what bands will win the coveted honor of appearing on the Bandwagon during its 13-week summer series. Band fans all over the country — and Tobe swears there are millions of them
__take their franchise seriously
in this matter of balloting for favorite string-brass-reed
Big name bande



est»
.iiiese line» are Included, the figure it something closer to 1,800,-

. , *r

000. The Kan nu» City Star concludes.

» w



career
school for a year.
teaching to go first job in radio was reading
Then came announcing
first-
1Ü5
feMW

The Chinese guerrillas, of whom there are at least 800,000. operate iu every area where there are Japanese troops. They have their own
Southern Hunan Province, where picked leaders can learn the techniques of swift surprise attack which are the stock-in-trade of guerrilla* everywhere.
Much in the news recently have been the exploits of another guerrilla army, half way around the world from China. This Is the patriot army of Yugoslavia, led by General
vitch's men. who dominate a great triangle of the supposedly conquered mountains of Serbia, number about 200,000. In spite of a number of German and Italian forays against them, these successors to the Serbian “Chetnlks" of another day are constantly Increasing In numbers and getting additional equipment at the expense of their Axis foes. Currently twenty-four Axis divisions men—have been diverted from the Riuwlan front by M1 hallo vitch's activities.


BÏ

Topping any Navy plane now in service in range and bomb capacity, new two-engined Hoeing Sea Ranger has been given succesful tests at Seattle. (Approved by Navy.)
y.
poetry.
and with recognition as a class ad-libber, he started emceeing quiz programs and he’s been at it ever since.
special training school la
relations to God had been altered by that catastrophe, and now God does not leave man ignorant, but, on the contrary, pledges Himself not to bring another similar judgment upon the earth.
Sign of the Covenant
The Sign of the covenant ie specially emphasized. The rainbow ia now given a specific spiritual meaning, and nature for the first time becomes a symbol of spiritual truth, the first of such visible signs illustrative of spiritual truths. The message of the covenant was an assurance of God's faithfulness. He was prepared to carry out all his promises, notwithstanding all the previous failures of mankind.
their
combinations, and radio station orchestras ars barred, according to Reed, be-the show wants to give breaks to good bands battling for national recognition!
pass, when 1 bring a cloud over the earth, that the bow shall be in the cloud: 15. and l will
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
#
seen
remember my covenant, which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh; and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh. 16. And the bow shall be in the cloud; and I will look upon it, that l may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that Is upon the earth."
The word ‘covenant* is one of the great Bible words. It means ‘a coming together.' As used of a human transaction, it implies a bargain, one party giving and the other receiving. It also som times partakes of the nature of a voluntary undertaking or pledge, without any expectation of a return. This latter view ie its characteristic in the pasasge before for we read only of God# covenant with Noah, not Noah's covenant with God.
Himself, and lays down the line of Hie relationship to man. It was for Noah simply to receive this, to reckon upon It, and to rely upon its blessings.
Growing old together is an viable achievement usually identified with a devoted married
Thus it'a somewhat of a
en-
cause
couple.
story to be able to write home about, when two boys grow up together, in the same town in the state of Arkansas where they were born, play in the same band, go to public schools and college together, marry home town girla,
overnight — grow old This distinction is
LESSON 30
NOAH: GODS COVENANT WITH MANKIND Genesis 6-9
PRINTED TEXT Genesis 9:1-16 GOLDEN TEXT.—1 will
member my covenant. Genesis
9:16.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
The traditional date for the flood is set about 2350 B.C. Archaeologists are united in believing that a great flood took place in the Mesopotamian valley about 3000 B.C., and there is nothing in the Bible which makes it impossible for us to accept this earlier date.
Place.
Noah lived during the time he built the Ark. ML Ararat, on which the ark rested after the flood, ie in what is now known a* Armenia, near where the Tigris River has its source, about three hundred miles directly north of the ancient city of Babylon.
Germany Recruits
French Workers
Mlhatlovttch. Mlhailo-
The Chief of the Vichy Go? meut, Pierre Laval, special arrangements so factorisa in France may shut down and their entire personnel go to Germany as units under his volant labor recruiting campaign. It wai revealed recently.
r«.
and then together.
claimed by Chester Lsuck and Norris Goff, known to millions of network listeners as Lum and Abner. The quick switch in agp
OUR RADIO LOG
Time.
now quite
nearly 400,000
Record Service
SIIOBT WAVS
EXE» i fa-'
i •:
CKOO
2»
I
GSM
Here is what probably constitute# a speed record for delivery of vital Navy equipment to the other side of the world.
At 6 p.m. on a recent Thursday an order was received at an eastern General Electric factory for equipment by a U S. warship near Australia.
Aa many workers as could be employed efficiently worked that night and all the next day and night to assemble the equipment.
Escorted by police, it was then rushed to a nearby airport and flown westward, arriving ia San Francisco Sunday.
On Wednesday, six days after the order had been received, a bombing plane landed the equipment at its Pacific destination, more than 10,000 miles from the factory where it originated.
use
i« 2Ï u
Ottawa
'Ammlmm
1
US,
e e e
The main Yugoslav guerrilla army Is in touch with allies In the occupied territory on both of Its flanks. To the north In the puppet state of Croatia Is the “Green Army," a loosely-knit group of bande who take their name from
Croatian forests In
We do not know where
God binds
rgetferi I
WliUeor
GSI* L»«l
tiSV lus* ¦AB S#
.^STATIONS
immé IfSle
Beffele lseek I
WEBB
ZfW
'SX
He ml It H * ni I
I Heckeeter 1 IP* I RAH ¦
. _ St. esta. 1
CrÇf neutre*) eSSk CEOII Berth Bay lMSk
WOT
Chleeae
Beffele
ihOO Cke
cm L
CMC» »U
Purpose of the Covenant
the green which they dire. Southward on the Greek border It Is in active contact with the long chain of Greek guerrilla forces that extendi throughout the mountainous peninsula.
The Greek guerrillas have a notable record In the wrecking of troop traîna and the cutting off of small Axlfl detachments. Their favorite method of attack Is to make a swift attack on a town aqd then withdraw Into the hills to lie In wait for their pursuers. This spring one band In the western Peloponnesus, led by a Greek Orthodox priest, Father Nicolas, wiped out the last of several punitive expeditions sent against them by rolling large boulders down a ravine on the heads of the oncoming Italian*}.
ism
• a i -i m«
The Purpose of the covenant should be carefully noted, was associated with the assurance
a „ _ . . -	. x. ,	. that human life should not be
1.	4 And God blessed Noah and j cut 0ff or world destroyed any
hi. sons, and said unto them. Be	more by a flood. The eppropri-
fruitful, and multiply, and re-	etenMa 0f thla revelation la ap-
pleniah the earth. This com- 1	nt> for u thet tlme u muei
mand to Noah is exactly like the | £y# been s ^#1 perplexity to command originally given to Adam and Eve (Genesis 1:28).
2.	“And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of the earth, and upon
bird of the heavens; with
ism
:ae
SfiP,
ï*.
*. i
Command to Noah
STONE WORKER
Answer to Previous Pnxxle . 16 Matter-of-fact,
16	Conjectured.
17	Smelled.
20	Feather écart
21	Still.
23	Common verb.
24	Woolen fabric.'
26	God of love,
27	Upright abaft
28	Indian.
29	Hemadod honoring
President RooaevelHi
HORIZONTAL
1 Artist who makes statues of prominent men.
10	Uncommon.
11	Opera melodies.
12	Chest bone.
13	Yearns.
14	Secondary.
15	Seeds of flax.
17	Breeding places.
18	Palm lily.
19	Head of an abbey.
22 Vehicle.
25 Soft palate.
30	To wake from 50 Routine sleep.
31	Constellation. 51 Beer.
32	Angry.
33	Dating machipe.
34	To permit.
35	Famous.
36	Jackdaw.
38 Three.
40 Church title.
43 Perennial
mm
¦ bBÉB» 6
X is'4SI»: HriaMM -r II
fflsl ÊiiMO BISgElti'a BMEB MHWMS MB 5 (9
iziMisiraiEineMis; ^isiphiw
know whether there would be any repetition in the future of what they had experienced in the Flood. Êverything connected with their
KIRSTEN
every
all wherewith the ground teem-eth, and all the fishes of the sea, into your hand are they delivered. 3. Every moving thing that liveth shall be food for you; as the green herb have I given you all. 4. But flesh with the life thereof, which is the blood thereof, shall ye not eat." Noah is permitted to eat the flesh of animals but he ie explicitly to 18 not to eat the flesh with blood in it—that is the animal must be slain before any part of it is eaten for food.
By William Ferguson
THIS CURIOUS WORLD
mm
third terra.
\\t V"
1
37 To detest
...	, vv- x 39 Slumber»,
1	Junior (abbr.) 41 Auditory.
2	Having the	42 Food list
form of an oar 44 Horseback
3	Greet lak» game.
’EF’**0”
« «Sal «	“
7	Clamors.
8	Wise man.
9	A Caucasus.
14 He has a
or whiskered face.
• • •
VERTICAL
herb.
46 Wolframite. 48 Golf device.
9
n
Figbtiug with the Greek guerrillas, both on the mainland and in Crete, are a number of British and Anzac troops who were left behind after the evacuation.
The third great guerrilla front Is In Russia. There the organisation of units for fighting behind the lines began long before the war. In every village men and women were trained In markman-ship and the tactics of irregular warfare. When, last year, the Nazi army drove into the Soviet Union, the people were ready.
<*
PYTHONS b
(5.
DEVELOPED
HINO
(-(MBS
THAN SOME
courses.
c
52	To droop.
53	To slope.
54	Matgrass.
56	He has been a famous for 30 years.
57	He had both here and abroad.
Human Government
5. “And surely your blood, the blood of your lives, will I require; at the hand of every beast will I require it: and at the hand of man, even at the hand of every man’s brother will I require the
life of man. man’s blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in the image of God made he man! 7. And you, be ye fruitful and multiply; bring forth abundantly in the earth, and multiply therein." Here for the first time, we find the principles of human government set forth by God. Man is given the right to execute judgment upon evil doers, even to the extent of taking the life of the evil doer. This does not mean that indjviduals are to take judgment into their hands, but that society, as constituted by the races of men on earth, has the right to exact the death penalty from those who, themselves, are guilty of murder. Man is made in the image of God, and he that destroys man in murder is destroying that which most perfectly should manifest the person of God on earth.
The Great Covenant
4

B
w
ail*.
49 Snaky fish.
51	Ancient defljr.
52	Postscript (abbr.).
55 To fare.
LIZARDS.
6. Whoso sheddeth
7
5
6
3	4
2
I

MORE: "THAN
F
The Nazis Can t
Beat The Dutch
i
10
A
THOUSAND

is
12
KINDS OF


STARFISHES
ARE KNOWN TO MAN.
16
Here is one of the stories going around in Europe:
At Schiedam, near Rotterdam, where the Germans have taken over shipyards for their own purposes, a new submarine slid into the water. But Nazi cheers were suddenly hushed, for the U-boat went to the bottom with its German crew.
When a second submarine built to the same specifications was ready for launching, the Nazis, deciding to profit by past experiences, manned it with an allDutch crew.
It, too, promptly sank below the surface.
But twelve hours later it came up—at an English port
A
».
18
J
26 27 20 7Ÿ
3
24
25
19	20 ZJ


3Z
36
him
i
a

35
A4
.AX'
$5


37
WHAT IS THE NAME OF THE
46 47
40 41
46
//
*
DIA3RAM FOUND ON
51
50
ANSWERrAn?lemma. It is a graduated scale designed to show the equation of time and the apparent declination of the sun tor *ech day of the year
NEXT: An animat smaller than an elephant’s toenail
49
53
8. “And God spake unto Noah, and to his sons with him, saying, 9. And I, behold, 1 establish my covenant with you, and with your seed after you; 10. And with every living creature that is with the birds, the cattle, and
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Unappreciative Colonel

4 *
BAD to* IT’S 4L
crackedXS
NOW 1
THER6 IT IS, COLONEL
I'LL SHOW YOU AN OLD MUG THAT HAS BEEN IN MV I FAMILY FOR M
generation
COLONEL.
a i a

THAT'S A BEAUTIFUL PIECE jU OF OLD ENGLISH^ GLASSWARE, ¦ POP!	¦
&
I
every beast of the earth with you; of all that go out of the ark, even every beast of the earth. 11. And 1 will establish my covenant with you; neither shall all flesh be cut off any more by the waters of a flood; neither shall there be any more be a flood to destroy the
earth. WIKtÊÊfÊltKÊÊÊÊÊtÊ
is the token of the covenant which
I made between me and you and every living creature that is with you for perpetual generations; 18. 1 do set my bow in the cloud, and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth. 14. And R shall come to
\
4 A 4
\
t
i
j
I


f
12. And God said, This
A
\

3-4

###PAGE###7###
4
<
your dear sake, I've no desire to (ace a firing squad at dawn! And
day after day of driving the sedan through a parched countryside beneath a broiling sun.
Christie’s have the true
Graham” flavor----
mm
let’s talk of more agree-
able things. My reward, for Is-
44
¦tance. ...
Allan found himself curiously uninterested in the colonel's reward. He went back to his bedroom and started dressing.
So Sun Su had sized up Escobar correctly, be reflected. Moreover, the shrewd Chinaman's comment gad the remarks Allan had Just overheard matched perfectly with the Incident of the “friend” who Bd burled the epithet "Traitor!" at the colonel of rurales. No reasonable doubt of bis perfidy could remain.
“Seemed like such a decent fellow, too.” summed up the American half regretfully. ”Ae he said himself, you can't believe In anybody any more, or figure what they may be up to!”
(Continued Next Week)
He began, to formulate several plans of campaign. His first care would be to check up on the fishing company, working always cautiously if ouly from respect for what had happened to Harry Bishop. Had Harry got the goods on them somehow and paid the penalty with his reason?
There were various promising angles of approach—and easily the most appealing was the alluring Asia! He might get some hint from her of what was afoot If he played the game carefully, least It would be no hardship to have a mild flirtation with the lady In the hope of sneaking a fast one through h
Presently he heard the sound of a measured step and the ring of from the patio, upon which
\0

1
Christie’s Grahams are grand with cheese, jam, or any spread — delicious with dessert» and beverages. You can give them to the baby with milk as a cereal, or put them into the older children’s school lunches. Christie’s have the true “Graham*’ flavor —crisp, wholesome and tasty!
//

g
1
ting kind !
las
tbe
&
A
m

i

y
At
Christie'*

;>c
y

defenses
•49»
&
SB
TV-

m
spurs
the window of his room opened. Came the scraping of chairs, fol-by the murmur of two • voices, a man’s and a woman’s.
Allan listened He could not make j out any words, but he was sure he knew those voices.

&
i
Suggestions For Overseas Parcels
lowed


RICE
r4
Returned Officer Tells What To Put In Boxes
Weed trade mark of Kellogg g Company of Canada Limi-R
TABLE TALKS
KRISPIES
LADIES GROUP CONSERVE TEA AND COFFEE
bin window and
He stole to looked cautiously through a crack In Its shutter. Yes! Asia and Colonel Escobar, nose to nose at a small table some twenty yards distant. They were talking earnestly, and Allan would have glv-much to know the subject of
Escobar
The light layer cake or the cookies which looked so nice as they being packaged to mail to
popped rice. Geteome today!
m
Nutritious Summer
Salads
weregp—p—pag
s warrior on. active service will
probably he crumbled by the time he gets the parcel, an officer who has been returned to Canada for Instructural duty after service In Britain, remarked as he offered advice on what to send a soldier.
“Soldiers get good food, and there Is lots of It," he remarked, “hut they miss the luxury delicacies they had at home. And they miss some of the sweets they used
SO CRISP THEY C-R-A-C-K-L-E IN CREAM!
Some women have a tendency to serve the lightest of salads during hot weather. With ordinary meals, this is ideal, for our bodies do not require as many calories in summer as in winter.
But how about making the salad more nutritious and serving ü as the main-course dish? This reduces your calories still more, keeps from overheating your home, makes it easy to prepare a meal, and gives a decided change. Summer greens may be combined with such healthful foods as chopped meats, eggs, and cooked, dried Lima beans to form dozens of delicious salads of this kind. Most of the ingredients called for in the following recipes, are already in your stock.
Harlequin Salad
1	cup cooked, dried Limas 1% cupful* chopped tongue 01 ham
8 hard-boiled eggs, sliced 1 tomato, peeled and sliced cup chopped pickles % cup French dressing 1	head lettuce
Sour cream or mayonnaise salad dressing
Prepare and combine meat, Limas, egcs and pickles. Mix with French dressing, let stand
1	hour in a cold place. Pile on a bed of lettuce and garnish with the sliced tomato.
Savory Lima Salad
2	cups cooked, dried Limas % cup finely cut celery
2	small green onions
2	tablespoons chopped	green
pepper
2	hard-cooked eggs
2 tablespoons chopped Pimiento 1	cucumber, sliced
1	tablespoon chopped	parsley
Combine all ingredients and mix with highly seasoned French dressing. Arrange on lettuce leaves.
en
Avoid waste when yea make tea
He
conversation.
take a long white envelope, backed with sealing-wax. fr pocket of his tunic and slip It the table to Asia; and he saw the young woman put It care
her handbag and close the |
Try Different Drink at
Meeting
the breast
Oil



If
across
Neither coffee nor tea were serv


ed, as is the usual custom, at the quarterly meeting of the local Ladies Aid, but an excellent beverage was used, and the guests commented upon its delicious flavor. The president explained that the ban on tea and coffee was in deference to the request of the Government. Expressing satisfaction at the success of the experiment, the chairman said Postuni,—the beverage used,—had taken less tugar than would have been used for tea and coffee. It had cost less than either tea or coffee and so was » saving to the treasury, as well as a saving on tea, coffee, sugar.
fully In catch securely.
He did a quick problem In angles and distances. If he wasn't mistaken, the bathroom down the hall might easily be within ear-•hot of the couple. Worth trying.

1
to have.
“One of the nicest gifts for a soldier overseas Is the chocolate powder done up in small pack-All the soldier needs to do

L
ages.
Is mix the powder with hot water and he has a nice chocolate drink,
already sweetened.
“Concentrated fruit Juices are much appreciated because
anyhow!
He sped down the deserted hall, his bare feet soundless on the red tile flooring. Into the bathroom—lock the door room to the window! It was all a matter of seconds. Then he was listening — hard! Escobar was speaking, hie voice light but with an undertone of seriousness.
“And when, dear lady, am I to receive the reward you promised me? Could I do more than I have to prove my devotion ?H
“It will be soon—now!" Allan had to strain his already strained ears to catch the low response. "You’ll have no reason to regret
me,, Alfredo!

* SERIAL STORY
very
fruits are so scarce In England. Borne small tins of concentrated orange Juice, for Instance, make a gallon of orange drink. Freeh fruits of any kind cannot be sent by mail, but tins of fruits are good. And soldiers also ffke
cross the
MEXICAN MASQUERADE
Will
/
BY CECIL CARNES
him In obvious perplexity.
Asia! It sounded strange at first, but after he had repeated it a few times It began to be rather attractive. A Eurasian, he mused, starting to abed hit damp garments when the boy had left him to the privacy of a cool dark bed-? British subject, and
THE STORY: Allan Steele poe-I magazine photographer. Dr. Sargent and daughter, U. S. mission In Mexico’s Pen-who have disappeared; alee news of Harry Bishop, mad-by mysterious Injection same mission. Bishop, found, repeated only The yellow do y I lei" Alljn, after meeting with enigmatic Coî. Âscobàr of Rural Bnard, checks In at Inn of Thou-Delights, quizzee Its proprietor, Sun Su, a Chinese working with U. S. Sun Su tolls him there le Japanese cannery on nearby island; that "beautiful and evil” Eurasian girl connected with It le
with Col. Escobar. Al-
Whether it's a meeting of a society or a meal in your own home, Postum provides the easy way to conserve tea and coffee. Grand, heartening flavor—economical—so easy to make.
very
the little packages of raisins and dates.” he continued.
Tea Not Needed “Fruit cakes are a bit heavy end the lighter cakes get broken before the soldiers get them. The same with cookies. 3ut cheese wafers are very good. They travel better and they’re much lighter. They fit ao well, too, Into the soldier’s desire for a light snack at night before turning in. For these light snacks cheese is greatly appreciated and so are all kinds of Jam.
“Cigarettes are always welcome. They’re hard to get. But not so many persons send pipe tobacco as send cigarettes, and the tobacco is Just as hard to get In England and Just as appreciated.
“Some people send large quantities of tea, but that’s not necessary. Small packets of tea are all right, but the soldier usually gets all the tea he wants in England and It’s quite good. Coffee is quite another matter; the coffee in England Is not so good as here and line of coffee would go over big with almost any soldier.”
Matches Forbidden In Ottawa, Postmaster-General W. P. Mulock warned that packages containing matches or inflammable liquids will be confiscated and the senders of them prosecuted unless the practice ie stopped immediately. He said that in a recent shipment thirty sacks of mall, including parcel mail for Canadian forces abroad, were destroyed by five which originated from matches igniting iu a parcel sent to a soldier. “Persons mail-HI I lng matches are impairing the war
effort,” he said, for not ouly may they cause destruction and lose to the mails, but may occasion a disastrous fire at sea. The destruction of soldiers’ mall strikes a blow at the morale of our forces, who are eagerly awaiting the arrival of letters and parcels from home.”
*i
/
¦P
your kindness to This—what you have done for me —will literally save my life!”
“I hope It won’t cost me mine," •aid the colonel good-humoredly. “For my sake, querlda mla, never let anyone guess who gave you what’s in that envelope. Even for
room.
something of a parish In her native lanT; cast out by the Indian element and cold-shouldered by the British. That meant she probably bated the English, mused Allan, which would account for her throwing In with a Japanese outfit—especielly If the wily Nipponese were up to something which would be to the detriment of England!
“It all fits Inî" he muttered,
bathrobe. He
POSTUM
• see#as a#*#**##
\
V'
DIRNDL FAVORITE
9
A 4
«
her—“Senor	Steele,
*****
£
Mias Minor.”
P272
slipping into a laughed at the recollection of Sun Su's disapproving countenance. “Watch out for your laurels, my gallant Colonel Escobar! Until I find out If she knows anything about the Sargents or poor Harry Bishop, I’m going to make a strong bid for your Asia’s tender-est affections!”
# #
TRAITOR!
THE COLONEL
CHAPTER VI
"Yon are most polite, senor!” eke acknowledged, and while her dark eyes held his, the smile grew faintly provocative. “We will meet
Health In Ontario Improved By War
••


Public health in Ontario is improving as a direct result of the war, medical authorities said in an informal survey.
Doctors said workers are eating better food, calling on their doctor and dentist before emergencies arise and are more healthy than ever before.
Dr. Bernard T. McGhie, deputy Minister of Health, said the public is becoming increasingly more health-minded and far more receptive to health instruction.
Communicable diseases have increased in number since the start of the war, but these are not a vital factor in estimating the public health of the province, authorities said.
I»
s
“1 shall live only for that moment! ”
Then she and the smile and the delicate fragrance were gone, Up-tapping toward the patio. Sun Su touched a bell, and when an Indian boy anewered the call, directed him to get Allan’s bags from the car and place them in room exchange.
“What’s her name— Minor?”
“Asia Minor.” The Chinese must have noticed the half-irritable lift of the American’s brows, for he spread his hands again In deprecatory fashion. “It is not a Jest, senor. I have seen her passport; it was Issued by the British government in India and is quite in order. From another source I have learned her father was an English ship captain who married an Indian woman In Calcutta. No doubt he had a sense of humor, lor he insisted on naming their daughter ‘Asia’."
“Well—no matter what she's called, she belongs up In Hollywood,” said Allan with conviction. “Bhe’e knock them cold. If you have an opportunity, you might mention to Senorita Minor that I’m prepared to be her slave!"
il,*
Cauliflower Orange Salad
\ cup shredded raw cauliflower
3	oranges, cut in small pieces *4 cup diced celery 3 tablespoons minced green pepper
Salt and onion juice to taste Combine ingredients in order given and chill. Place on individual plates on a salad green and serve with favorite salad dressing. Serves 6.

I
hall.
He wandered dowu the tracing the nolee of running water to its source, and in another minute was stretched out In a tub of cool water. While his grateful body proceeded to absorb moisture instead of exuding It, he ran over In his mind what he had heard from the Chinese.
*
i


7. Allan hardly heard the
a
»
He believed he was on the track of something, though of juat what be couldn’t yet determine. "The yellow devils!" That was the one lead he had from poor mad Harry, but what better description could want of a mysterious Japanese group who objected to anybody spying on them?
What could be their secret racket, If any? He weighed some of the more obvious possibilities. A submarine base? No, hardly that, way up in the Gulf of California. A heavily fortified depot for war materials? Perhaps, though again the location did not suggest such, a scheme. A supply base for seaplanes and bombers? A base complete with repair shops, oil tanks and ammunition?
“More like it!” he decided, finishing his ablutions with a show-“But what would that	have
to do with the missing Sargents?"
He had to give that one up for the time being, he told hlmoelf, rubbing	hard with	a big	towel.
Dry and deliciously cool, he went bark to his room, threw himself the	snowy bed	and relaxed.
It	was	a pleasant	change	from

%
i

Chaplain For ULiainian-Canadians of Orthodox
Faith
l&m
l
you



Driving Ram Tank Needs Strong Arm
w£m
m




On smooth ground a Ram tank rides like a heavily loaded truck but when going over rough coin-try, deep-ditches, trees, rocks, it rolls and pitches like h canoe in rough water.
A tank driver has to he right on the job all the time and use the muscles of both legs and both arms. The big lèvera which steer the Rams and change their gears take a man to move them. There is no such thing as one-aim or one-finger driving in a tank
The steering levers are simply brakes which stop the tracks on one aide or the other and so bring the tank aroi nd. The driver sits with the two steering levers between his legs, one foot on the clutch and the other on the accelerator. The gear shift is at his
i

;
MS
Grow Tomatoes In Place Of Flowers

s



JEHf'Jl

%


In the glasshouses where roses and carnations bloomed in peace time, British flower farmers hope to'produce this year 50,000 tons of tomatoes. They are also grow, ing great quantities of outdoor food crop*.
One nursery alone, whose output in 1030 was entirely of cut flowers, produced last year 950 tone of tomatoes, 125,000 lettuces, 320 tons of sugarbeet, 100 tons of onions and 75 tons of carrots, all from glasshouses or from land i previously planted with flower
This year 82 per cent, ot
4075

By An ne Ade.ms


Whereupon It was the proprietor'» brows that went up. Allau left them there, and smiled to himself as he followed the Indlpn boy and the bags. In a wall mil-he left the lobby for a corridor, he bad a fleeting glimpse of Bun Su leaning across
er.
Best he loved of the young crowd is the dirndl—so pert and
becoming.*	ZHHH
style, Pattern 4075, has still an-
¦¦¦¦¦¦jljggl — a firent
Try a new border
con-
1
This Anne Adams

Very Rev. S. W. Sawchuk, of Winnipeg, president of consistory and administrator of the l krain-ian-Orthodox Church of Canada has been recently appointed army chaplain with the rank of honorary captain. Captain Sawchuk will minister to the numerous soldiers of the Ukrainian-Orthodox rite. His only son is serving with the Royal Canadian Navy.
other popular feature
print, with front panels in trast, or use an all-over print.
Pattern 4075 is available in junior miss sizes 11, 13, 15, and 17. Size 13 takes 3% yards 35-inch fabric, % yard contrast.
Send twenty cents (20c) in coins (stamps cannot be acepted) for this Anne Adams pattern to Room 421, 73 Adelaide St West,
o n i:4).||||||||||||||||||||||l||lllllll||l|l|ll||||||||l|||||||lllll
name, address and style number.
ror, aa
k
ITOW
OU
tbe desk and starting after
iett
HONEY
crops.
I he nursery’s total glass area is planted with tomatoes and 80 pet cent, of its outdoor ground is growing food crops.
Since the war Britain’s flower industry has been controlled by horticultural cropping orders and its employées are reserved at the of 80 only if they are engaged ou food production.
He drive» by order when In action because be can see little through his narrow slit of glass. The tank commander, who is usually also the wireless oper.v.or, has a periscope through which ti« can survey the landscape and gives the driver orders over rhe tela;,-one although he b; only a lew feet away.
When you have honey to sell, lend a sample to us We offer ceiling prises. Containers leaned or returned
to you.
MacFEETERS CREAMERY
62 JARVIS STREET - TORONTO
Write plainly size.
An a\t «.-.go u>, mere than 1,000
cable and han ded c.'.cli wor*-
ent o;
v, ireless
telegraph!
11
messages are ing day by the ul.-*. Munitions and bup*,g.
ISSUE 30—’42
• ti
age
4
1
;
###PAGE###8###

Honey King of Pontiac
Social Gathering
Results of June Examinations for Grade t, Shawville High School
USED CARS
and
TRUCKS
Kn *m Mown xi.u Colleue Journ al b
A well coordinated email industry 8 tlmt bus an added importance to our 5
v\ irtinie sugar shortage in the extensive 8 n;h apiary operated by Kantien Smith of | ÿ 7KI | Shau ville Last year with one man to 8 7j help him Mr, Smith produced 18 tons IS 7o4 ¦ if noney. A g-uid $iei cent age of this I 8 i>8i; crop was packed in Od lb. txport cam $ t;.‘>4 and went overseas to help feed Great 8 618 Britain and the Empire Armies.	/
The 1942 season, begun alter the sue- 8 sful wintering of*380 colonies ot bee*. S
A pleasant time \vna spent at the home of Mr and Mrs. Hairy Hodgin», 1*1). F. road, on Wednesday evening of last week, when
a large number of the members of Clarendon Women's Institute, and their friends gathered to spend a social evening.
Community singing, contests and games we e enjoyed by all.
Refreshments were served by the In-ticnte members.
AGFA
ANSeO
ACADEMIC COURSE (Maximum 1000)
Lois Hamilton..............
Jladys Telford..........
Everett Mv Dow ell ........
Win, McDowell......... .. .
lean Stewart...............
Doreen Walsh............. .
Margaret McNeill.... ......
Shirley Armstrong..........
GENERAL COURSE
( Maximum 800)
( Plenachrome )
The Guaranteed All waatherFilm
021
ces
promises to exceed that amount.
Mr. Su iih, « native "t Renfrew, (kit.,
Helen Fletcher................. &2o	girted bin bee business inShawville 10
Laura Woodley ................. M-r>	years aga—with 150 colonies. It was a
Pogonotomy (derived from	two	Alvin llvbher................... f>04	had time for any business to start and
Greek words meaning “to	cut	the	Elma Dale....................... 4ik>	the early years were discouraging—but i
beard”), or shaving, was one of the lean McDowell............... ... ChO persistence and care woo through. He !
early arts of history, rivaling the	now has seven bee yards. The yards
other arts of personal adornment in	_	__	are rented fmm local farmers within a
antiquity, says Elbridge J. Cassel-	ia Inis of five miles from the town, and !
man in the Scientific American. Mr. Butter' From Turtle Eggs during the honey season he is kept Casselman spent five	years in a	Giant turtles	are	found	along the	busy supervising them,
comprehensive study	of shaving	tropical rivers	of	South	America, j Mr. Smith is a keen co operator	and
technique and devices.	Some are three or more feet long j* the largest shipper to the Quebec j
The excavations of archeologists, and two feet broad and weigh as Honey Producers, having shipped 7 tons I the writer continues, have uncov- much as 600 pounds. They come through the co op in one year, ered in many places objects that they out of the water at night and dig In the off season he p?ddks his honey | believed to be razors.	The eani-	deep holes in	the	sand.	In these	(much of it to regular customers in	ïhe
est razors were made of bronze and	holes two or three hundred eggs are	Ottawa valley) and nnkes his own	bee
some examples are in the British laid and then carefully covered with supplirs in a well »quip|a*d workshop at museum. The Roman razors were sand. Millions of these eggs are his home on King Street Shaw ville, of iron, as were the razors recov- taken each year by the Indians ered from the ruins of Pompeii.
The writer has demonstrated the
Trace History of Shaving; Must Have Been Torture
Two 1940 Chevrolet Sedans One 1938 half ton pick-up Chevrolet Truck
One 1938 1J ton Chevrolet Truck
X

X
«
/
/
X
For the Home
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mrs. M. G. Howard Main and Centre Sts. SHAW VILLE
New Drop-head Singer Sewing Machine

^.SXXXX
X
Hodgins Garage
A public spirited inlirett in commun Most of them are made into oil for	jty atîiirs has made him	a popular	figure
,	cooking. They are put in large	jn the town and his	fellow citizens
possibility	of	sharpening	bronze,	tubs where the Indians tread them	rHhtlily acclaim him the	‘ Honey	King
pure iron	and	even	copper to	the	jnto a jelly with their feet and then	„* Pontiac”
point where shaving is possible,	water is poured in.	As the oil rises	i
which strengthens the claims of his-	to the surface it is	dipped off, put	I
torians. The ancients must have in stone jars and used as butter been stoical he-men, as experience with these materials shows they
t °LTU=°v B'°°ToPR“"u..LCn.‘Driving	¦"¦»«	p~p>«
ment (Damascus steel, for example)	Driving skill, knowledge of traffic	University Press, under the auspices	scientific	experiments at	Duke unlit was possible in ancient Greece to	regulations and sharpness of vision	0f the New York State Historical	¦ versity.
produce razors of quality about	are not in themselves predctermin-	association, is devoted to the origin	...
equal to those of today. Natural	mg factors that make for safe	driv-	0f place	names. English names ac-	curious traits in experiments in
stones were available for grinding	ing, according .to the results	of a	cording	to the publishers make up	shuffling and dealing cards.	Play-
an edge and for honing it; textile one-year study conducted at the the largest group, with Dutch names ,ers in this scientific game, before a materials and tanned leather had	New York university center	for	second	and Indian third Oddly	shuffle, try to predict how the	cards
been in existence for centuries, so	safety education. It was found,	how-	1 enough	English place names be-	wil1 ,lie a*ter the shuffle,
that an edge sharp enough for shav-	ever, that	among	persons examined	gan to ’ invade the	state before the	This should	be pure luck, unless
ing could have been produced by	there was	a high	percentage corre-	cn(j 0f the Dutch	regime in 1664—	humans have	some ability to foremethods much like those in present	lation between low	blood pressure	such	names as	Easthampton,	South-	see	future events	— and	chance
and “proneness to	accidents.”	ampton,	Chester,	Rye,	Hempstead,	events	at that.	By	pure	chance
In a report entitled “Personal	Jamaica.	their	scores of good	and	false
Factors in Safe Operation of Motor	The names of 20 of the state’s 62 guesses should	average	50-50.
Tin Can Plays Important	Vehicles.” Dr. Leon Brody, research	counties are Indian, either of Ire-	But “;ey arf.	not 50-50. In	nine
in van nays impuriam	associate in charge of the study, de-	quoian or Algonquian origin. Cohoes,	y«"s of. exacting study, the card-
Part in American Life dared that observance of traffic for example, means "a canoe fall- callers give some evidence in favor
“Should we lose our can opener	obligations depends upon personal	ing," and is derived from an acci-	°*J?rop*lc?1y	rca'', .
we sure would have to give	up	attitudes rather than ability; that	dent in which a loaded canoe went	,, Thcy V™ j0	.rc?„c ,fes:.	,?c’
housekeeping.”	drivers with good accident records	over the falls.	those	w“° d0	significantly better
This remark, tossed off by the	and those	with poor records drive	France claimed	about two-thirds	than chanceï	tw°- those who 0Yfr*
bride in a onc-and-a-half apartment,	similarly	during	road tests, and	of New York for	a century and a	u-mÏ
tips off the tin can's paramount im- that visual acuity and color blind- half and the result Is a survival of c ass uhic se 0	.
portance in American families. Ev- , ness-the only visual traits usually a number of French place names, 1° average as muen as pure cnance.
ery item of family food, from soup examined for licensing purposes- as Orleans and St. Lawrence coun- T ° “I to nuts, is obtainable in tin contain- are no more important than other ties. The Dutch, on the other hand,	1 / ‘ „ ,inv n, tr Rhine
ers, making it possible to prepare visual characteristics so far as safe- held political control for only about f V „	",„ J
three “balanced” meals a day for ty on the road is concerned.» 55 years, but left many more place	’	i,nv
any family without recourse to The study analyzes previous re- names—the counties of Orange, Nas- h»I	h™
“fresh" foods, according to the search findings and reports on the sau, Rensselaer, Cortland, Schuyler, I	^ r«!,i = r, ,n nnrnliel tn
United States Steel News. It is esti- psychological and physical charac- Bronx (although Jonas Bronck, who ®Xenr,’ ^L^r^n^LiMhp iinv As mated that this country depends teristics of 52 carefully selected gave his name to the county, bor-	u *^5!	'olnl»n»'Jon
s’zS'JSu™,or "p,r	tsv etbS0
M sss & ss *• whm a
information about tin cans. “The	------------ General Herkimer at Oriskany re- ftudie8s 0,mind reading and second
su-nsr.k.
7* «¦ f°«***; p»**
the Gobi desert, deep in inner Mon- jor earthquake, a series of bombings Teeming hoi des of insects, some	call their order by
æm'ersus ;5rw Ms :
kerosene cans, hammered flat. Rust tranquility of the rodent population ishing life habits have been pains-	suits v Five correct on the
from the untreated edges gave it a may make it necessary for the fleas takingly studied and recorded by	e was Dure chance A few
golden appearance.	j with which the rats are infested to scientists, each year take an annua	* t f. bevond the pos-
Block houses in Manchukuo are find a new host. If the new host toll of at least $185,000,000 in killed	......	cjiance Qne called	an
made bullet proof by a new sort of happens to be man, an outbreak of or blighted trees in the forests,	j	a	of	^7	ri’	about	50
armor—baled tin cans. The cans plague may result with explosive parks, farm xvoodlots and shade are dried by heat, then crushed into suddenness. The incubation of trees of the United States, tight bundles by large presses. In plague is short and the rate of mor- The destructive activity of these San Francisco, Chinese morticians , tality is high. After the disease busy armies reaches its peak during use tin cans to ship back to China strikes there is little time to think of the hot summer months, but the re-	j
for burial the ashes of cremated ; preventive measures or therapeutic suits of their costly and insidious
procedures. The chief defense is the attacks upon the trees are most ap* destruction of the rat and his rela- parent in the early autumn when	;
most vacationists are turning to the
First Use of Castor Beans	____________ great outdoors.	|
Castor beans came into promi-	This $185,000.000 estimate of in- ,
nence during World War I in re-	Eye Colors Follow Rules	sect damage is based upon the lat- !	10<V7
sponse to the demand for more suit-	Heredity determines to a	large ex-	est compilation of statistics by the	„	.at	,	u y’	,	..	.
able lubricant for aircraft engines	tent the kind	of eyes that a child	bureau of entomology and plant	v^rslon	Seventh Heaven	mcluc|-
than the petroleum oils available at \ will possess	in starting	its life,	quarantine in the U. S. department	ed	S0UI?d efTects, and	talking	pnnei-
the time. Several thousand tons of	Strong eyes,	like other	physical	0f agriculture. The scientists con-	,,qo?,
the beans were produced in the characteristics, run in some fami- fine themselves to damage or less in	ntïïfi InH'-rwfn,,.
southern states for this purpose in Les. Similarly, eye weaknesses—as tangible values, such as timber,	“ °	° 5
1918-19. The Texas Agricultural Ex- color - blindness, night blindness, woodpulp, or turpentine output, and périment station was involved in near-sightedness or a predisposition make no attempt to measure lost in- ' this work and conducted tests with towards cataracts—frequently are tangibles, such as woodland scenery
varieties of castor beans at several inherited from parents.	turned into areas of dead, browned .tatue Libertv Stories
places in the state in 1918. The Color of eyes follows fairly rigid trees, or drying trout streams and ,	.	.
yields in these tests ranged from rules. If one parent comes from a watersheds likely - to result when	Mostly Pure Legend
SSSIEHBES —“
of growing the crop.	; u y •	affects the emotions and is an aid in In 1874 a committee was formed to
maintaining morale, every woman raise funds and Frederic Augusto F d H| n T th	selects colors carefully these days Bartholdi was commissioned to de-
sssSïSSSt
mmmë wmm ïïmmm
loss of his own set of store teeth A11-Amencan type—having light c V ries about prisons and dun-He	was	shown	the ones	he	had	brown to dark brown	hair with blue, | -rerns in the base of the Statue of
turned	in	and	promptly	claimed	green or brown eyes—is flattered by	L berty which have circulated for
“It shows	the	th? vivid shades or	tints of every	iome years are pure legend. Some
She should	avoid neutral	:ootr.« near the old sally port, how-
Research proves blondes .r, were used as guard houses,
these were only the ordinary tary prisons such as every army t has.
x
Shawville Fair dates September 17, 18 and 19

Buick, Oldsmobile
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
r

Existence of Personal
Jinx Shown With Cards
Dutch, English, Indian
Names Reflect New York
Existence of a personal jinx—the bad luck which seems to haunt
is testified to in
J. L. HUDGINS
This jinx has definitely shown its
Phone 64-J.
;


10
use
# xf
Z

0*
n
$0
t
ko#6
I
Pi

/-
y
mà
Early Talking Picture
The first full-length all-tair:ing picture was “Lights of New York," shown in New York the week of August 20, 1928.
Thomas Edison made experiments with sound and exhibited a film with phonograph accompaniment in 1913.
TlIE WAY I look at it is this. My boy enlisted of his own free will. He’s got to do
without a lot of things he’s been accustomed to. I wouldn’t feel right if I couldn’t go without something tool”
, “The least I can do is to work hard and save. My kitchen, my shopping bag, my work basket are the nearest I can get to his battlefront. But I can buy War Savings Stamps — and lots of them — every week, so that he may have the tools to win. And that’s what I’m doing! How about you?”
Chinese who die in ’Frisco
lives





i

Buy War Sating§ Stamps from banks, i post offices, telephone offices, department ' stores, druggists, grocers, tobacconists, book stores and other retail stores.



'
v
National War Finance Committee
ft-*

posedly predicted the happiness or misery of the person for the coming year.
Other common New Year
War Savings Stamps
are sold at all
Shawville Stores
superstitions are that a death will occur in the house during the year if a candle or lamp is taken out of the house on New Year's day and that
misfortune will dog anyone who .	.	,	~ XT D .	„ .
throws away on New Year's day bon<7*ty °* tP-CN.R. porters, he anything at all, no matter how *au^hcd, explaining he had forgot* uorthlcss	1 -en he carried a spare set when on
the road.
»
them as his own
color
should decorate with dark or meci um colors, avoiding the vivid, unrestrained tones,	T -
