###PAGE###1###

I!
' 1

î
/
/
No. 43,60th Year
8HAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, APRIL 29th.	1943
ENGAGEMENT
MARRIED
Stallion Show Withdrawn

GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Street8
Ottawa Ontario
iS'iSls
May,	Matthew*, when Francia Flea nor.
daughter of Mr*. TliOi Wall, and the late Mr. Wall, of •SliAWville: L I I H e	Que., became the bride of Mr
Mr. and Mr*. Leonard Stanley, Percy Delbert, «on of Mrs. Vim* of Wyman, Que , announce the Vole and the late Mr. Vole, ot Cob-engagement of .their eldest daugh den, Ont.
ter, Maria Sybil Ruth, to Nelson The bride was smaitly dressed William, youngest son of Mr. and in a street length dress of Heaven Mrs. William Brock, of Danville, ly blue crepe, and she wore a Que. The marriage will take waist-length jacket of opposum place in late June.	fur. On her shoulder was. a buu-
—	—	—	quet of roses and sweet peas,
PERSONAL MENTION ,** m* •» %% Sü
.	.	. ., .piece suit with powder blue me
Among those V Hit mg	\ e* ceasorles, and a corsage of rose*
and 11lends fur thejvtster Holiday land sweet	~~M	| ¦ g
were the following:	* y
From Ottawa .
Karl Garre tty Borden Hodgius.
Cpl. Mnntcm Smith Pte. Hud Hines »
Spr. Reuben Sparling Mis* Mmol a Gould, R. N 11 Phyllis Haughton, R N.
Mk«e Alva ami Euella Turner M iss Ruth Horner " Mavis Smith 44 Marion Smyth * Velma Dagg	>,
“ Florian Brough u Margaret Young 4i Mabel Chisnell 41 Nora Hudgins * *+ ¦wl Kellf
Cleaning Time
Women’» Institute to Hold Bingo Party
This ol
eliabl schoo has removed to arge and finer premise». The finest and most model D n Ontario Attend a school with an established
reputation Open afiT I
is
Stanley—Brock
Shawville, Women’s Institute will hold h Bingo party at the Theatre Hall on Friday evening. May 14th, valuable prlz-ts will given away. The proceeds will be used to send boxes to soldier boys overseas. Last year* a dance was held for this purpose when $01.45 was realized and this was not quite sufficient for the forty boxes sent, after all sending cost* hid been paid, The members of the Institute are hopeful of a 'large attendance to provide for these really worthwhile boxes
Paint and Wallpaper Time
be
year
W. E. COWLING resident
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principe
JAMES A. MILLAR
A'lA., L L. L
advocate, BARRISTER,
129 MainSt.,Hull,Que.
At Moyle’, Hotel, Campbell’. Bay e •/try • Wednesday morning A t P ontiaiHouse, Shaw ville . Wednesday at Noon
I
Sherwin-Williams
Paint, Varnish and Enamel
!
etc.
pea*.
Tlie groom wan supported by Mv. D«ive Turn bull, of Sarnia, a-best man.
After the wedding the young couple left for a short motor trip along the St. Clair River,
For travelling the bride wore a dark grey tailored suit with pale blue accessories. The young couple will take up residence in Sarnia.
Red Cron Drive Returns
fee cur Wallpaper Sample Book
Place your* order early
In the recent drive for funds by the Canadian Red Cro«* the county of Pontiac passed its objective by $317.09 raising in mil $1317 09. Slmwville District did particular» ly well, passing it* objective by
$875 00. The returns by districts were as follow*:—
Pontiac County Council.. $ 500 00
Shaw ville District.....
Campbell * Hay District
Oiiyon District........1
Fort Cou longe District...
Chapeau DDtiict.........¦
Litchfield Township-----
Portage du Port.........
Otter Lake..............
Bryson..................
SARL AND C. ROWAT
notary public
Graduate of McGill University
SHAW VILLE. QUE.
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
-? Estate C. J. Caldwell f-
Mrs. Grenville Atkinson Dies in Ottawa Following Lengthy Illness
1875 00 877 84 <>08 35 237 20 100 10 87 80
¦¦¦¦¦¦I
40 00 Pta Wallace Bel* her 38 40 Lieut, and Mix. David Clarke
----- Mr. and Mr*, Reg. Hill
Total....$ 4517 90 Mr. and Mr*. Leslie Richard*
Crtpt, Wallace Hudgins Mr and Mrs. Win. Kirkpatrick Mr* Harold Pokes Mrs. Robt. Glasper and little son Mrs Harold Walkei Mis. C W. Dagg and Margo Dr. J. Clarke
Misses Hilda and Leona Wallace Miss Irma Stanley /
“ Irene Howard Wilfred Rebertz
From Montreal Wm. McKinley Thos. Wallace Wilson Judd Miss Beverley Masson Misses Maude and Amy Dihmg Cameron Row at Ac. Alwyn Dale Miss Mary Brownlee
Other Places
Cecil Wallace, Iroquois, Ont.
Miss Lorna Palmer, Perth, Ont.
X J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
• »
Mrs. Grenville Atkinson, died at the home of her parent*, Mr. and Mrs. Thos. J. Tubman, 83 Gloucester St. Ottawa, on Friday moru ing. April 23rd, following a lengthy illness, in her 33rd year.
Mrs. Atkinson was born in Greer-mount section of Thorne Township. and following her marriage 14 years ago, she had resided in Clarendon township on the Somerville farm, near Litchfield. She had been in Ottawa for the past four months became of ill health.
She was a member of the Bryson Anglican Church and was secie• tar y ot the Women's Auxiliary of tnat church.
Besides her husband and par ents, Mrs. Atkinson is survived bÿ a daughter, Claire; a son, Gary; two sisters, Mrs. Percy Sparling and Mrs Sim* Litle, both of Otta; wa. and several nieces and nephews.
A funeral set vice was conducted at the parlors of Hnl<e ami Playfair, Ottawa, on Saturday afternoon, by Canon Howard Claike. The remains were then conveyed to Sha wville on the evening train, and taken to the home of W D.
V. OGr.ydo., 1,I%%	j;e.Sï
x n	¦ I noon to St. George’s Anglican
• J Church, Campbell’* Bay, where service wa* conducted by Rev. Frank Hughes. Interment wa* made in the parish cemetery
\
x Advocate Barrister . Solicitor, etc.
Woodley
“ Catherine “ Marion Belsher •* Idena Brownlee
• •
OmÇB : Campbell’s fby, Quebec
(In| Lawn Block)

DOINAT Le GUERRIER Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Annual Meeting ol the Ladies’ Auxiliary of Pontiac Community Hospital
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with by ctrio) a du <
The Ladies* Auxlliaty of the Pontiac Community Hospital met on the after noon of April 13th.
Ten ladies were present and carried on the usual wot k of mending wotbv articles and making surgical dnprtth'RWi"*
It wax the annual meeting and was presided over by the i Mr*. R. P. Eades, assisted S, K. McDowell, Secretary. Mrs,
McDowell also read the annual report which showed that the Auxiliary had a very busy and successful year.
Mrs. Caldwell occupied the chair for the election of officer* which resulted in all retiring officers being re-elected and Mrs. Jacques Staff Sgt. Douglas McDowell added to the surgical committee.	Camp Borden.
Refreshments were spived by ] Mrs. Ed. Code, Perth, Out
Rev f and a Mrs. YVm. Dickson, Toronto,
Mis# Lucille Brongh, Tbetford jj, % Mines. Que.
Kingsley Smyth, Granby, Que. Miss Marion Lester, Thurso, Que. Miss Ray Smart, Silver Creek.
An inquest into the death of I Mm. Gordon Bradley, Three Riv
Win. McDonald, whose body was	...	... ..
found in the stable of the Claren- Mr. and Mrs. Walter hindlay, don Hotel on Sunday morning, riizroy Harbour, Out.
Avril 18th, was conducted at Mi« RUie Browii Kiubnrn Hvlies’ Halt following an autopsy Staff Sgt HerraldI Walsh and Mrs. performed by Dr. J. M. Roussel, ot ^ W«l;.hl Brantford Montreal, assistant medico legal | Tpr. Keith Bean, Owen Sound
for Quebec.	mÊÊÊÊtlttHÊÊtÊÊÊIÊIÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ
Dr. L. Renaud, of Campbell si Mrs. J. H. Murray spent Easter
Bay, County Coroner, presided visiting her daughters in Montreal, with J. Oscar Laflamme, K. U.	"
Crown Attorney, questioning the . Mrs Edna-Yoting, and Mrs. Gil-witnesses.	bert L Young and Heather, spent
Dr. Roussel said Bihat lie found the Easter holidays in Ottawa and fracture of the skull but a I Pol timoré.	.	•
severe hemorrhage of the brain . ||r. g. A. McDougall, local resulting from a blow. The cut at manager of the Bank of Montreal, the back of the head was consist returned last week from a three ent with a fall against a sharp week»* vacation in Western Cana object. He also found bruise? |da.
about the face and knees and ex i « „ . , „ , D .T , pressed the opinion that McDonald	Ml89 Liubyl Eades, R. Ve who
may have fallen several times, has recently enlisted in the mirn-Evidence was to the effect that service of the United States
the victim was intoxicated.	hSfmyU8/1"Sl!g her. father* Mr»
Dr. S. E. McDonald testified | Thos. Eades, this week,
that he
RAILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT .. BARRISTER HULL, QUEBEC
Consultations by Appointment
i
X

)te*ident, by Mrs.
t
r.
y

D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLK
3

*S3
I

&

Si
DR. H. K. NEILSON
V*
Mrs. Fades and Mrs. Caldwell.
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat
SPECIALIST
Rev. Herbert C. Brown, Former Minister Bryson, Dies at Newboro
Held into the Death of McDonald
Inquest
William
1LDI
FAILS TO FACF
THF FACTS
Rev. Herbert C. Brown, a former minister of Bryson and Portage dn Fort Presbyterian churches died in Newboro, Ontario, on Tuesday at the age of 73 y Born in Cambridge. England, of Mr. and Mrs.. Charles Brown. After completing his education lie became a minister of the Presbyterian Church, serving for about 19 years, coming to Canada in 1910. and continued his ministry in Pres-byteriah Churches, later entering the United Church at the time of Union. Dining his ministry. In-served at Bryson. Lower Litch field and Cantley, in Quebec, and at Sharbot Lake and Parham, Ont.
He was married to Miss Elizabeth Holland, in England, who pre deceased him in 1 marriage, there survives, one son. Bert, of Montreal ; three daughters, Mrs. Marcus Walsh, ( Joyce )
(Nellie) of Cambridge, England, and Mrs. Daniel Stewart (Ethel), of Lower Litchfield, years ago he was married to Miss Maud Singletôn, of Newboro, who survives.
After a brief service at Newboro. thé body wag brough by motor to the home of his daughter, Mrs Stewart, from where the funeral held Thursday to Lower Litch
The
OTTAWA, - ONT.
PHONE, 2-7961
I
ears
son
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
46 Bronson Ave., Cor. üladstone OTTAWA. ONTARIO
Only the weak of spirit — the wishful thinker!
# It’s time for everyone to look up and ahead—and ' the sooner the better.
. The armed forces make the sacrifices—those who cannot go to war must

SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Special!fc ton al visual andmusculareyedafect
T.T.Beattie, Kathleen M.Rollins,
rçeg Optometrist
LEND
SAVE
WORK
no
Reg Optometrist
Of this
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
Buy Bonds now—and keep them. Buy them with your savings. Buy them out of weekly earnings. If desired payment may be made by instalments.
Mrs. A. Thurston,
i •
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
About live
e |	¦	Mr Wellington Armstrong re
ing face down in a pool of blood turned last week from Port Colin a horse stall. His clothing had bourne. Ont, where he had been not been disturbed, and there was visiting his son, Mr. Melviu Arm no evidence of a struggle. He had strong, for several weeks.
Tit iE,0,wMr oHS
was hemorrhage of the brain due e»ble from her husband, P. O. to some form of violence, possibly a
Erskine Hodgins, proprietor ^pl Mr. Harper Campbell, of Noran-the hotel, said he saw McDonald da, visitecfher mother, Mrs. Wni in an intoxicated condition in the Campbell, at Wyman, and other tavern Saturday night. He saw friend* in this district on his re him again sitting on the front (urn from Montreal, where he door step ot the hotel at 1.30 a. m bad spent some days on business.
Sunday. McDonald was alone at	___________
Lieut*Danis, of the provincial The Young People of St. An-police told the iury that he was draw's United Church will present
HAtisfled that there had been no their humorous tour act drama of	,
foul play.	rural life, 'Down in Maine” in Auction Salk-An auction sale
After deliberating a few minutes the theatre under the auspices of of live stock and farm machinery jury returned a verdict that : the Shawville United XV. A., on will be held at the home of Wm illiam McDonald died from a Friday, April 30th. This tine Armstrong, Hlmside, Bristol, on hemonhage ot the brain, caused production has already been pre Friday, May 7th. Nothing reserv-by external violence, probably rented to a large audience of ea- ed. Sale to start at 12 oclock, through a full. XVe are satisfied thusiastic people, who reportât a noon. Lunch will be served by the evidence that no crime drama enjoyable and laugh pro- the Women’s Institute. Tho*. P war committed.'”	yoking—Prices and 15 cents. Burgess, of Cobden, Auctioneer.
QUE
SHAWVILLE
su
was
mm church. HHHIIHQ
conducted by a friend of the de ceased, Rev. George Empey, of Westmeath, Ont, assisted by
SLa Srs. t 1 Talklne p'“urJ*
Shawville.	{> Joan Bennett Adolphe Menjon
Interment was made in the ad D ^	-
joining cemetery, the pall bearer- %
ÎSaJteSrœtte	1 The Housekeeper’s
Daughter • .H
service was
op
Herbert Brigger. of his safe arrival overseas.

z
McLean and Thus. Dagg.
at
THE W. A. HODCINS STORE

ShawviHe Theatre |ij||
Wed. April 28th,
At 8.30 p. m.

the
Quebec
“XV
Shawville

fro

J
###PAGE###2###
THE UNCONQUERABLES
the bombers leave their bases their takeoff would be auuouuced also. Thus, It Is argued. Industries in a score or more of cities would he paralysed. The theory demon «liâtes contempt, which appears to be justified, for the Nails* ability to fight off bombers.
Where Is The Luftwaffe?
In view of the clear-cut and mount lug air superiority of the United Nations In the Kuropean and African theatres, and In view also of the success of the Russian Winter offensive, one certainly Is entitled to ask what has become of the vaunted might of the German air arm. From time to time there are rri>ortB of great reserves of giant bombers In the Reich: bom tiers capable of making the 7.000-mile round trip flight from the iHxirest available Kuropaan fields to our own Atlantic shores with a bomb load. In this connection some figures of distance are highly significant, since range is a balancing factor against load.
It Is only V30 miles from Berlin to Vyusina, only 230 from Smolensk to Moscow, 550 from Greece to Tunisia, 350 from Naples to Blserte, HO from Cagliari to that Tunisian stronghold and ninety miles from Sicily to the same port From Paris to London Is only 230 miles. If the Flying Fortresses and I.liberators and the R. A. F. a Lancasters and Stirlings have been aide to make the devastating raids from Great Britain on German cities—It is 580 air miles from London to Berlin-why have not the German bombers of this reputed armada struck in reprisal on Great Britain, laid waste Moscow, or turned the whole tide in Tunisia from the near-by springboards of Italy and Greece?
Does It Exist?
Presumably the answer is to be found in several factors. In the i first place, one may question the I existence of any such fleet. Fall- I lire to use it when the tide of free- I dom is running so heavily against the Axis in the air on each of the several vital fronts surely puts a large interrogation point against its reality. Secondly, shortage in both quantity and quality of fuel and lubricants may make full use of existing aircraft by the Germans impossible. Thirdly, the constant attrition of both pilots and planes of the Luftwaffe may have depleted necessary fighter pro- | taction for such bombers as are available to a point when they cannot safely be risked. It is probable that all these factors enter Into the mystery of Germany’s progressively developing comparative weakness In the air.
“Sitting Ducks”
Now', of all times, it w'uold be foolish to underestimate the strength of the • enemy. He may have cards up his sleeve which will prove dangerous indeed. Increasingly it appears, however, that limiting factors as to production, design and certain accessory weaknesses of the German combat air arm are contributing to the mounting odds in favor of the United Nations in the skies. Russian courage and blood have shown that the dread Panzers were not Invincible. In the harsh, broken country of North Africa the Stukas have been described as "sitting ducks*' and have fallen ore y to the Lightnings and the Warhawks, the Mitchells and the Marauders in an everincreasing bag. It begins to appear that the bemedaled Goering has missed his greatest chance. The failure to date of the vaunted Luftwaffe to rescue Rommel and to strike back blow for ruinous blow on Britain is perhaps the most heartening current aspect of the war.
PLANE IN A PLANE
VOICE
AN EASTER MORNING IN POLAND
T*
THE
O F
PRESS
"And It seemed," said the guest who related this Incident, "as If the room had suddenly been filled with sunshine*'
Around a table In a crowded shabby room In a Polish city, thriving and proud of Its place In the march of civilisation and progress, but now shattered and In decay, a little group had gathered to eat together the Mas ter breakfast. Compared with that meal In days of peace, this was a parody. But by indomitable pooling of resources,
A BUSY MEMBER
Gordon Boss ia one of the hardest-headed men in the Canadian Parliament. He manages to operate an orange grove in C*li-fornia, a large wheat farm near Moose Jaw and the business of an active parliamentarian. Last year Mr. Ross became convinced that America would be short of vegetable oils, so he bought up all the munflower seed he could find and raised Canada's largest single crop of sunflowers. They were profitable and they provided useful oils.
once
Fog Is No Longer Hazard To Fliers
Research in aviation to further the war effort has brought many new advances in the Industry, ineluding an invention that means the elimination of the hazards of blind flying through fog, even at night, says President Ernest R. Breech of* the tiendbc Aviation Corporation.
He divulged no details» stating that "these developments are mo broad in the scope of their application for military purposes that 1 cannot hint to you hew this ha» bec»n accomplished.
4<I can tell you that it is ne longer experimental, and ! can give you positive assurance that fog, even at night, will join the long list of weather hazards conquered by man in hia desire to fly.
"Man’s genius ham added another great invention to the long liât of engineering advances that now assures the airline pilot, regardless of actual weather conditions, a celling and visibility unlimited.”
w
poor
endeavor, and Ingenuity, enough had been provided to serve as symbols ef the traditional Polish Faster fare. The assembled company, mostly
this outstanding Polish

m
t
women, on family holiday, were more keenly than on ordinary days of
• •
aware
the tragedies that had befallen, and of loved ones they would never
But on this occasion
—Vancouver Sun
MANPOWER ON THE FARM
A horsepower is roughly estimat'd to be the work which one and one-half horses can do. And a r. nn power, on the farm, is the work of eight hired men done by a fa mer, his wife, and a dog.
—Peterborough Examiner
y
see again, they had, as it were, resolved to put away sorrowful thoughts and smile and talk of other things. And for a time things went well.
4
X
»
s
#
Then a young woman who had suffered recent loss found the strain too great and broke Into weeping. Conversation hushed. Instantly an elderly woman rose from her place, laid her hand upon the girl’s shaking shoulder and standing erect, In a voice without a tremor addressed her:
"Do not weep. Today, the Day of the Resurrection, la not a day
Remember the words
-o-
INTERNATIONAL FORCE
American bombers were escorted back to their bases after a raid by Norwegian fighter planes led by a New Zealand wing commander.
League of Nations that means something.
That’s the kind of
With wings taken off and tied beneath the transport, this British P-40 Wàvhawk fits snugly inside a giant Douglas 1-47 Sky train somewhere in Africa. The P-40 was being flown to a base for repairs.
—Windsor Star
for tears, of the Ixnd, His assurance that He would rise again. And He did rise, and we are celebrating Ills resurrection, as so many have celebrated It before us, and will celebrate tt after us. land will rise again, the martyrdom of your dear ones will be enshrined and live forever In the memory of the nation, and God and our dear country will comfort you.”
THE WAR • WEEK
Commentary on Current Events
Sir Edward Beatty
ENCIRCLEMENT
The Axis in Tunisia have in front of them the British, the Americans and the French, above them the British and American air fleets and behind them the blue Mediterranean and the Rrl-
Bombings Alone Cannot Bring War To Successful Conclusion
With bis employees his relations were the finest, says The Ottawa Journal. There was the day, telling his great heart, when Grant Hall brought* him a list of workers to be laid off. \l was a cold wintry day. ”E. W.," as they called him, looked at the list, then turned to a window to game out at a blizzard that warn raging. All he said was:
"This Is a helluva day to let men out. Grant. Let’s forget It."
Thus Edward Beatty, sportsman, humantiarian, philanthropist, railway builder; In heart and soul a big Canadian. To him, to all his kind, our country and Empire owe much. May we keep long and honor his memory.
Don't weep ; for Po-
And then
tbh Navy.
Rim of the wheel would step up the current air assaults ou Germau industry ami transport to twelve 1.000-plane raids per mouth. They hold that when 30 such rakls had been made, victory would he within the Allies' grasp.
The rim of-the wheel theory is strengthened, rather than went-ened. by the fact that its proponents do not hold that air bombings 'alone can bring the war to a successful conclusion. Alter the rim of the wheel has been made secure, after Germany has been contained, after the air attacks have been brought to a proper intensity from all sides, then will be the time to equip our land forces for a concerted push against a tottering German structure. Russian troops from Russia. British and American troops from the Middle East land bridge, British, American and French troops from the Gibraltar bridge, British and American troops swarming at last over the Channel—these are the land movements which can administer the coup de grace. The time for it will be after our combined air power has cut the hub out of the wheel.” This appears to be the current plan of attack
Advance Notice
An Interesting proposal Is that bombing schedules be announced by radio a week in advance. When
That the Mil ir icillt period Port Arthur News-Chronicle J of the war le still In the indef-
inite future and that the victory may not he won until 1944-194», or perhaps, later, probably stem from the Increasing effectiveness of the Nazi V boat campaign. If the Allies cannot deliver men and supplies to the fighting fronts they cannot win the war. If their already hazardous supply lines were disrupted for any long period of time It would be most difficult and, perhaps, impossible tor them to launch their officially promised assaults on Europe this year. The Nazis have the ability to get up off the floor as they did on the Southern front in Russia and their is the feeling in some quarters that the Russians may have overexerted themselves in their great offensive. There ie also the possibility that the Luftwaffe Is not dead, but Is merely playing possum.
BILLY BISHOP KNOWS
Air Marshal Billy Bishop is still urging a "healthy hatred” of the Axis. He doesn’t seem to think
*
#
With that the speaker walked slowly back to her chair at the end of the table. But the sobbing ceased and the voices that took up the Interrupted conversation were strong with a reassured faith and confidence, strong In the knowledge that what has never perished must of a certainty rise again.
that the "This hurts me more than it does you” attitude is enough.
Saull Ste. Marie Star
THE SAVING GRACE
A sense of humor may be defined as that which saves a gtrl in slacks from going into hysterics at sight of a 1928 snapshot of her mother in knickers.
Boston Globe
Tugs Go to Sea by Rail
WHAT WE SHOULD DO
Wo should quit worrying about Russia quitting and dropping behind until we catch up with Rus-
I
l
<-** 5




- -’vjl
. .• Vi


I
•ie.
1

t

-Brandon Sun

M


Step-Up Air Assaults
Yet, the Nazis can be defeated under water as well as on the land and In the air. The Allies were late In tackling the submarine problem In earnest but the moans lor combating It are becoming available. The so-called "rim-of-the-wheel" thesis that bombings from bases In Britain. North Africa, the Middle toast and Russia could be decisive has gained strength In official quarters.
S
A
LEGITIMATE HOARDING
If you must hoard, concentrais en accumulating war savings certificates.

m



VfV
f


W
r. $
I
•jftv

l

A
RÜ

BN#
:

.« f r
v )
Ships Used To Be Launched By Men
t


r

i



t

X'
Launching a ship with champagne means more than swinging a bottle against a steel prow. Te prevent splinters from flying inte the face of the lady who says ,#1 christen thee Tuscaloosa,” tftis bottle is encased in a mesh holder. Provision is also made for a sixty-foot strip of red, white and blue bunting woven to keep its shape after the bottle has been smashed. Preparation of the bottle takes about five hours.
The whole ceremony dates from a time when a launching was attended with human sacrifice. With a decline in bloodthirstiness red wine was used At first the wine was drunk In a toast and the cup flung after the ship. Champagne was introduced simply because it was more expensive. Once upon a time men (priests in very early times) always launched ships. In the nineteenth century women took their places.
1 '	ft


IP

til
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT


%
!

%
9%
i
4


%
w

«
I
/
l

00 G
When ships go down to the ra by rail a difficult transportation problem is involved. A record in rail transport has been set bv operating officers of the Canadian National Railways in the recent successful movement of two large tugs, built far inland, to the seaboard.
"Ward” and "Watch,” terms associated with security and guardianship, are the names of these tugs. They were transferred from their native element in Georgian Bay waters over the lines of the National System to an East Coast seaport where they are now engaged in war work. These 60-foot overall tugs were built at Owen Sound, given their trials there, taken from the water and swung on board flat cars to begin a railway journey of mofe than 1,300 miles.
That sounds simple but a tug cannot be knocked down or folded up, particularly in this instance where the steel hulls are welded. Height and breadth of the hull provided material for a lot of operating headaches which lasted from Owen Sound to the Atlantic. Placed on her side on a flatcar the top of the lewd was 18 feet, 9 inches above the top of the rail. The actual beam of the tug is 14 feet 6 inches so that loaded on the car the hull
u
%
projected two feet beyond the car edge on one side, the awkward position being due to the necessity for establishing a safe centre of gravity. Overhang constitutes a problem any part of a railway and particularly so at curves. It was necessary for the National System engineering department to check the plan of every bridge between the terminal point* a big task when carried out over 1,300 miles. Some clearances were of the scantiest, the smallest being barely one inch from the top of the Joad at a point where a highway crossed over the railway.
The side overhang was a bigger problem than the height and it was necessary to arrange for every train in which this load was included to move at restricted speed when the second track was vacant. The entire transportation involved a series of carefully planned movements.
The transportation was carried out successfully and "Ward” and "Watch” are now in salt water performing their tasks of moving barges in the Canadian National lighterage service which daily handles great quantities of supplies and war material taken from the rail terminal and transferred to ships carrying vital cargoes for the United Nations.
7

Lib
on
® .• I
symbolic blood.
British Armies Will Take Sure Revenge
%
\m§
I
U
• l
• 9

British armies have already In this war done a great deal more fighting than Is apt to he recognized, says The Navy (London).
They have had sad and serious reverses—often because the dice were loaded impossibly against them, and sometimes because performance fell short of conception. But the British armies which began with the small highly trained expeditionary force which fought Its way out of Dunkirk and went on with the insufficiently trained contingents which .did their damnedest In Norway, are now a great and formidable power.
They will, we are convinced, take a sure and ample revenge for all the setbacks which they have suffered.
/

*
0
B

1
23 U-Boats Lost In Month Of March
\

An underground /German radio station said last many lost six submarines during March in the Atlantic or Mediterranean and thaj 17 additional U-boats did not return to base and are regarded tjs lost.
The broadcast were damaged but made port and 11 were damaged ilightly. In all, 1,039 crew members were dead, missing or possibly prisoner* March losses exceeded February, the broadcast said.
New construct^: still is ahead of U-boat losses, a< cording to the radio, but only a little and Allied defence measures ire improving.
Â
ek that Gar-
S,


%
to- ae
id nine others
when
44Zc.y something, Dwight! You’ve passed your driver's test!!!”
REG’LAR FELLERS—He’s Stuck with ’Em
By GENE BYRNES
I
i'll NT PAW> OH THESE 3TAFWS AH' pASTtTMCKl |H
STWW ALBUM'.
THIS IS * 6000 • PLAGE MHT MULC WHUMl'S that ALNM f /
uJ
'"i
WLLL,TttATS A FUNNY ©Nil t HAP THEM Id
HAM» OHtY
1W0 HtirfS *6C<
OK, MOM:
'


»ib YOU bo ANYTHIN* WITH
//
/ w
z
/ /
FIVE
y>
/ /
t
STAMPS
1 HAb Jusr a v MiHiT Mo? „
c* f
It’s Double Summer Time In Britain
/

tS\

v

/

Great Britain last • week went on double summer tinje until Aug. 15 to take advantage1 of the early sunrise.	I
The change shortens the blackout by an hour. j
The new time puts Gieat Britain six hours ahead1 of eastern war time in the Unified States.

• ss •
z
t

\
id

X *3
/
\X
/ /
i
I
I I
\

>
I
\
###PAGE###3###
FROM A FAMOUS HERD
vast increase in tourist business.
Have You Heard?
a small business in a provincial town.
#
#
We are all familiar with the value of the tourist traffic to the Dominion in normal times. One of the resolutions adopted by the hotel men opened with the statement: “Tourist expenditures constituted the most important export item in Canada’s balance of international payments before the war/' and added that after the war “tourist expenditures are going to play an even more vital role."
“It don't leave a man any time," was the reply. "I advertised once last summer and the consequence was I was kept so busy I didn't have time to go fishing the whole season."


)
B
Forced to put on his brakes suddenly, the driver of the sports car found it shooting crab wise across the road, just missing a lamp-poet before it stopped.
Up strolled a policeman.
"Well, ' he remarked genially, “you got a nice skid there, sir.”
"Pardon me, officer, ' was the haughty reply, "this lady is my wife."


#
t


Big Market Basket Needed For Army
'Js

»
When the U. S. Army goes to market, these are some of the things It keeps in mind.
About >5,000 tons of food a day need to be purchased, or enough to feed each soldier five and a half pounds a day, as compared with the four pounds a civilian eats. Wheu the army reaches Its goal of 8,200,000 men, the rations for a month will make a pile of food almost as big as the Empire State Building. The bill comes to $2,750,000 a day.
The least popular food Is spinach; next is oysters.
For shipment overseas, a ton of carrots can be reduced to 190 pounds by new methods of dehydration, and a pound of dehydrated potatoes feeds 25 men.

$
$
I
The j icture of the tourist in dustry was presented by Mr Card y in colourful terms pointed out that when we sell or deliver material resources we deliver something which is gone forever; but when wc deliver value to the amount of $100 to the tourist, we sell him scenery, atmosphere, room accommodation, service or transportation, most of which remains in the country to be "sold" again.
This is an interesting commentary on the nature of tourist business and its value as a continuing asset. We should plan now to take full advantage of the wider opportunity the post-war period will present.

"Wifet “The doctor said at once that I needed a stimulant. Then he asked to my tongue.”
Husband (alarmed): "Good heavens! I do hop# he didn't give you a stimulant for that, dear.”
I
«Ü
He


Roll your owners! go for Ogden’s
A Red River cart in the old day# of the West was something to hang onto... Old-timers will tell you that once you try Ogden’s, you’ll stay with it because it’s a roll-your-owner’s dream — a distinctive blend of choicer, riper tobaccos. Try it today.
Ogden # qualify for pipe smoker#, too, In Ogden # Cut Plug

Fl
"Is you de judge of reprobates?"
"Well, I am the probate judge, if that is what you mean."
"Yaesuh, das'mit, Ah ’spects. Well, Mistuh Judge, it's like dis mah husban' has done died detested, and lef me with little infidels, and Ah wants to he appointed as de executioner."
t the two-da pareil cost Harry !
Y dispersal sale at Markham, Strathmore Heilo NonHays of Calgary $1,275.
Western Holsteins Sold At Markham
throughout Canada and the United States.
The famous herd, haa won more than BOO R O P. records, including two 1,000 and 1,100 pound fat records and 30 of from 800 to 900-pounds of fat. The greater proportion of the records was made under normal conditions. One of such record-hqldlng cows. Strathmore Koba Nina, with a record of more than 900 pounds of butter-fat In a year, was purchased by V.M, Butterfield, Brockfort, N Y.
Highest price of the first day was brought by Strathmore Lenore Heilo, three year old daughter of Colony Vale Romeo Sir Heilo, for which $1,575 was paid by Armstrong Brothers of Brampton after at iff bidding against J. A. Sut-ten of Yasalia, Cal. The sire was bought by W. J. Wood of Alliston for $825.
Mr. Sutton wag the largest Individual buyer at the sale, taking 48 head of cattle, Including a pair of full slaters that cost him $1,200 each.
Armstrong Brothers also took Strathmore Koba We Win ton at *$1,025, Arthur G.
Ridgew.iy claimed HHHHR Pearly Vrouka at $1,000, and the two-year-old Vrouka made
Smithhaven Farm of Woodstock.
Outside of Mr, Sutten's purchases few animals left Ontario. Altogether 23 buyers purchased Hoi-¦teins, one calf going to Erskine Smith of Stephentown, NY, and two going to the New Brunswick Holstein Club.

Germans Extend Slave Labor Laws
Herd of C.P.R
Supply Farms, Alberta, Realizes $60,760
Qqden s
ine cut_
Mrs. Style: “I want a hat, but it must be in the latest style."
Shopman: "Kindly take a chair madam, and wait a few minutes, the fashion is just changing."
Modem Etiquette
I
%
By Robert» Lee
Allied Government sources • ln London reported recently that German compulsory labor laws have been extended to include all women in all the occupied countries.
Announcement of the conscription of French women for German labor service was made a few days ago.
One hundred and forty-one Hol-stein-Frlesian cattle from tho C. P. H. supply farms at Strathmore. Alberta, were sold at Markham April 12 and 13 for the sum of 960,760.
Cattlemen from every Province to Canada, as well as buyer* from toe United States, crowded the canopied tent erected on the Fair •rounds, to bid for the famous Strathmore cattle.
1.	To whom should a wedding gift be addressed?
2.	When no entertainment follows a dinner, how late should a guest feel privileged to lemain?
3.	Is it all right to effect little mannerisms and peculiarities of speech?
4.	Isn't it out of place for one person to always monopolize the conversation, and try to do all the talking?
6. Is the fork used to take all vegetables from the dinner plate when eating?
6. Is white the only color of paper permissible for engraving wedding invitations?
Answers
1. To the bride, even though we may not know her personally, and should he sent as soon as possible after the wedding invitation is received, eleven o'clock them, since they arc as bad as affectations in manner. 4. Yes. Sir Walter Raleigh said, "Speaking much is a sign of vanity ; for he that is lavish in words is s niggard in deed." 5. Yes, all vegetables except the few which are taken in the fingers should be eaten with the fork. 6. White or ivory may he used.
An order shutting small shops and business establishments in Germany to mobilize more men into the army and war industries also was being extended ro the occupied countries and its application is especially stringent in CzechoSlovakia, it was reported.
"Your methods of cultivation are hopelessly out of date," said the youthful agricultural college graduate to the old farmer. "Why I'd be astonished if you got even ten pounds of apples from that tree."
"So would I," replied the farmer, "It's a pear tree."
Since then local Quislings and German commissars in other nations have received orders to take preliminary steps toward the total enrolment of women, these sources said. Norwegians, Belgians, Czechs and the Dutch apparently are the first affected.
All women in those countries between the ages of 17 and 45 are being registered and questioned about any previous experience fn factories.
Married women are included, but expectant mothers and those with very small children are excepted.
The sale was officially opened ky George C. Jackson, Dow ns view, Ont
Friesian Association, and In a brief ceremony before the sale »enced a presentation on behalf *f Holstein breeders of Eastern Canada for their great work in developing Strathmore Holsteius, was made by George M„ Clemons, •ecr.ttary of the Holstein Friesian iatlon, to John McCulloch, •Dpurintendent of agriculture for the CP R. in Western Canada, and 9. Arthur Hay, farm
Founded 33 yea: s ago to demon •tmfe that dairying could be iieo out successfully In Western Canada, the Strathmore herd has made a magnificent contribution to agriculture and to the develop ment of thee WÊÊBÊÉÉÊÊf
president of the Holstein
Hillbilly drama:
"Ye better move yair fool paw; yer «tendin' on a live
BUILD A FUTURE IN AVIATION
com
coal."
"Which foot, maw?"
WANTED
"Why won’t you advertise?" asked the representative of a newspaper of a man who owned
Maddigan of Strathmore
As
Mechanically-minded youths to train in Aircraft Engineering with pay.
2. Not later than 3. No; avoid
SUratbmore Daisy $950 on the bid of
manager at
TORONTO CITY POUCE FORCE
TEMPORARY CONSTABLES WANTED
ALSO
Mechanics with automobile ex
car-
Ages 29 years and over; Married; Physically fit; at least 5' 9" in stocking feet; 160 lbs.; of good character and fair education. To be available for appointment immediately. Uniform clothing supplied.	,
Apply Nearest Employment and Selective Service Office
Refer to File RO 5911
Apply nearest
Employment A Selective Service Office Refer to RO 700
Holstein
breed
WMT SCIENCE IS DOING
Value Of Tourist Traffic To Canada
How Can / ? ?
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
By Anne Ashley
Q. How can I make mashed potatoes light and fluffy?
A. Hot milk, added a little at a time, while mashing potatoes, will make them light and fluffy. Heat, do not boil, the milk.
Q. How van I remove onion odor from pans and dishes?
A. Wash and dry the utensils, then scour with common salt, and place them on the stove until the salt is brown. Shake often, then wash aa usual.
Q. How can I remove spots and dirt from enameled beds?
A. Use a little turpentine on a soft cloth. This will leave a nice gloss on the surface.
Q. How can I clean a greasy frying pan?
A. One simple way is to fill the pan with hot water tc which a teaapoonful of washing soda or soap powder has been added. Allow to boil for a few minutes, empty, and rinse.
Q. How can I make sweet peas bloom better?
A. When planting sweet peas, run the rows north and south and they will bloom far better than when run east and west.
Post-War Period Offers Opportunity To Hotel Men
Some of the benefits that will accrue to Canada after the were brought to the attention of hotel executives the other day by Mr. Vernon Cardy, in part because one of the benefits relates to travel. Mr. Cardy significant ly pointed out that Canada the air route cross-roads and will be bound to benefit from ed air travel. He suggested therefore that hotel men prepare for a
THE SCRAP PILE
Unscrambling the proverbial •melet ia a simple problem pared with the task of separating
topper, tine and steel that are all mixed together in the scrap suiting from bullet-making operations in American plants. The difficulty is a new sne, caused by the decision of the U.S. Army’s Ordnance Department to change over from bullet tocketa made entirely of soft Brass to brass-clad steel jackets, Science Service says.
A modern bullet is a relatively eomplex affair. Instead of the •impie solid leaden slug used in other wars, high-velocity rifles Bkt- the Garand and the Spring-Held demand a bullet with a hard Jacket, filled with a lead-antimony alloy to give it weight and balance. À copper-zinc alloy that amounts to a soft brass (techi-•ally, "gilding metal") hsa been d. Scrap from jacket-making operations with this metal can •imply be melted down and re-
AGKXTS WANTED
run sal#
OFF EH TO INVENTORS
LAKE ERIE POUND NET F1SH-ery for sale. Ideal location, proven fishing grounds. Will sell equipment *rparately. Roy Miller, Lowbanks, Ontario.
LADIES! No doubt you wish to make money! Our Agency offers you tne means of doing so, and, for just part of your time. If interested, write us and we will send along PRODUTCS OF CANADA, LIMITED, 1015 St. Alexander Street, Montreal.
AN OFFER TO EVERT INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co.. Registered Patent Attorneys. 173 Bank Street, Ottawa, Canada. •
com
war
%
ur terms. AVON
re-
STHAW IIKItHY PLANTS
PATENTS
#
KEEP THIS
munitions
FETHERSTUNH AUGIJ & CUM PAN Ï Patent Solicitors. Established mu; 14 King West, Toronto. Booklet of Information on request.
GEORGIAN HAY STRAWBERRIES "Better Quality'* Plants. "Improved Senator Dunlop" (Heavy strain) 10O—$1.00, 6(H>—$3.60, 1000—$0.00; "Kellogg's Premier'* 1(H)—$1.25, 500—$4.50,	1000—18.00.
Fresh, full-rooted plants only. Cultural directions. Prepaid delivery. W. J. Galbraith dene", Stayner, Ontario.
HAH Y CHICKS
ia on
HYBRIDS FOR EXTRA VIGOUR also popular purebreds. Complete list, all ages. Fairvlew Farms, tit. Marys, Ontario.
mcreas
PATENTS AND TRADE MARKS
INVENTORS FREELY ADVISED how to protect invention#». Kger-ton R. Case, 82 Balsam Ave, Toronto. Established over forty
years.
Maple
BACK THE ATTACK! HELP KE-leuse more food for the fighting fronts. Waiting days are almost ever. The allies are poised on the brink of the grand attack. This year may see the beginning of the end. You who are in the thicken business can be of great help to Victory by raising more chicks for food and producing more eggs for Canadian consumption. T wed die Chicks are all from
blood-tested breeders keys and older pullets. Ask for our low prices on light and medium weight cockerels. Twiddle Chick Hatcheries Limited gus, Ontario.
*
DIKING A CLEANING
HAVE YUU ANYTHING NEEDS dyeing or cleaning? Write to us for Information We are glad to answer your questions. Depart-mem H. Parker's Dye works Limited. 7a» longs Street, ronto
/
AGENTS
WANTED
PERSONA!
WORLD'S GREATEST DISCO V-•ry In Spiritual Science. Send Blrthdate and $1 to P.O. Pox 801, Ottawa, Canada.
To-
FARM FOR SALE
«
Ap proved, Also tur-
vernment
YOUR I. Q ?
•O-ACHE FARM FOR SALE. ONE mile from Arnprior Ont., on highway 29. Apply D. Jackson, R.R. No. 1, Arnprior.
YOU SHOULD APPLY
SELF-ADMINISTERED
INTELL1-genre Test, $2.U0 postpaid. Free
William M
counsel.
Supervisor 4117 Beucontfield Ave
Foster. la re ' atlonal Serv
Montre al.
FOR
I7.U0U—FARM. 104 ACRES, CORNer lot, fourteen hardwood, nine wheat, fifteen fall plowing, comfortable house, barn, drive shed, hog pen. hun house, orchard, hard, <oft w r, excellent wheat soil
WE APOLOGIZE TO THOSE whose orders had to be returned. Hut with every month good food market months, order Bray chicks now for summer delivery; get cockerels to fatten quickly for summer markets. Eggs and poultry are not rationed—help maintain public health with these nourishing foods, marketable any month. Bray Hatchery, 130 John N, Hamilton. Ont.
LOCAL AGENCY
PRACTICAL XI USING
d
BE A PRACTICAL NURSE, steady employment at goo now and after war. free particulars of our low H hi. Studs
HAVE d pay \x rite for price
PE	¦ Dominion
School of Nursing ( E-trtbliahed 1908), Toronto 12, Department Ç.
immediate miles Teeswater Box 348, Teeswater. Ont
possession, 5 F. 1*. Moore.
But for economy’s sake, it was decided to use a steel jacket coated with only about 20 percent of Me weight in the gilding-metal alloy. In the scrap, the steel ia •till firmly stuck to the alloy and M becomes a chemical job to separate them. It ia decidedly worth doing for the scrap production ia now estimated at nearly 10,000 tons a month.
The problem hae been, met by the use of a common solvent, cup-lie ammonium carbonate, already wed by some copper producers on ore and commercial scrap.
PEOPLES CREDIT JEWELLERS
LIMITED
1S1-183 YONGE STREET TORONTO
MALE HELP WANTED
<
urse
GLADIOLUS III LH*
Linotype Operators and Compositors apply to your nearest Employment and Selective Service Office. REFER TO FILE No. R0675.
GLADIOLUS BULBS, 35c DOZ., blooming size. Geissler’s Babbitry, Hj ndford, Ontario.
HICKS AND 5ËË KOI 1IMIKNT
I»IIOTOGIt A PH \
WOULD
FAY CASH FOR BEES. Extractor. Scales, etc. Shier, 908 Dufferln Avenue, London, Ont.
DONT TRUDGE THROUGH
HAIRDRESSING SCHOOL
IT
ere
The Item, limn, or
Hull
LEARN HAIRDRESSING THE Koberteiun method. Information on request regarding classes. Robertson's Hairdressing Acad-etny, 137 Avenue Road. Toronto.
HAVE YOUR SNAPS
Drive oui ACHES
Delivered by Mall
Any 6 or V exposure film perfectly developed and printed for only 26c. Supreme quality and fast eei vice guaranteed.
FOOT BALM
MEN and WOMEN
URGENTLY NEEDED
BAUMEEKA FOOT BALM destroy* offensive odor instantly, bottle. Ottawa sgent. De Drug Store, Ottawa._________
BULBS FOR SALK
Large gladiolus bulbs, rainbow collection, 1 dor, $1.10 delivered. Kuyper's Bulbs, Hatzlc. B.C. We grow the best only.
____________FOR SALE
Choice Yorkshire boars,
ajid Sows, from two months up. f're, and Dams bred from the pest Advanced Registered breeding. One choice Clyedale Stallion; one Hackney Stallion ue dog pups heelers males, sight months working Herbert J. Miller. Keene. Ont

46c
HELP WANTED
nman
\L
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
SINGLE men wanted on fully
equipped dairy farm. Apply, stating age and wages, to Wm. Smith, R.R. 2, Brampton. Ont.
to train for
Station J. Toi.'ato
m
WAR WORK
RHKI MAI It IMIMBI
PEOPLE ARE TALKING ABOUT the rood results from taking Dixons Remedy for Rheumatic Pains and Neuritis. Sold at Munros Drug Store. 336 Elgin. Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
WANTED RELIABLE WOMAN FOR house work and in private home in home. Liberal outings. Only three In family. Very good wages. Fare paid to Toronto. Writs fully Post Office Box 570. Toronto.
Ages 16-50 (Military exempt)
plain cooking Toronto. Good
Wll
Subsistence allowance In training ae 1
iven while owe :
Single Men and All Women,
7 - week; Married Men. v___________
weekly. (Heads of families outside Hamilton get $6.00 extra)
10-Week Courses are provided at the Hamilton Technical Institute
Machine Shop work, men or women Welding (Arc, Gas) then or women Power Sewing Machine - women Drafting -	'men or women
Industrial Chemistry, men or women Graduates of these courses are in great demand at good wages
Write, Phone or Apply te
D. W. BATES,
of War Emergency Training
Hamilton Technical Institute, Hamilton, Ontario
Monday te 0-9.10
Dominion-Provincial War emergency Programme
foR
HARNESS A COLLARS
$9.00
$19.00

Farmers Attention your nearest Harness Shop about Staco Harness Supplies. We sell our goods only through your Goods
Consult

LEAF TOBACCO
FIVE POUNDS DARK I.EAF $2.60, Five Pounds Virginia and Burley Leaf for pipe $2.90; Five Pounds Virginia Leaf Cigarette Tobacco $1.65. Postpaid. Natural l^enf Tobacco Co

l.J
STAMPS
Col-two fe-
ll Il ITIS H COLONIES AND FOR-Sign approvals. 3 values Newfoundland Royal Family, used, to applicants sending Oak St., Toronto.
local Staco Leather | dealer. The goods art right, and so are our prices.
We manufacture in our fee tollés Harness, Horse Col lare, Sweat Pads, Horse Blankets, and Leather Travelling Goods. Insist on Staco Brand Trade Marked Goods, and you get satisfaction. Made only by:
SAMUEL TREES CO., LTD.
WRITE FOR CATALOGUE
42 Wellington St. E, Toronto
distress from MONTHLY
Leamington, Ontario
4c. Reid, 30
FEMALE
WEAKNESS
BICYCLE PARTfl USED AND NEW,
Geers etc. Will accept y for CASH. Ladles' Bicycle Tricycle parts, any eondl-Duboia. 374 Clarence
MEDICAL
Frame*
TRACTION ENGINE
or bu end
lions. G Street. Ottawa.
NATURE’S REMEDIES. TREAT Pile Torture with Palova Balaam. Money back guarantee $1.00. Arthrite and Rheumatism pain quickly relieved with Breenatone and Dmon. Une months treatment $1.00. Indian Remedies. Box 118. Vancouver.
FOR SALE—AN EAGLE GASOLINE Traction engine. 30 H P. on belt, clutch pulley, price $35U.t>0. Apply to owner, John F. Reid, Bancroft,
ns On t]|iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Director
t
SINGLE COMB RHODE ISIAND Red*. Exhibition Quality. EGOS for hatching, Group one $9.00 for 15—$5.00 for SO—$7.00 for 60. Half price after April 15th. Quinton A Ron», Whitby, Ont.
Lydls 1. PI n k ham 'a Vegetable Compound not only helps relieve monthly pain but also weak, nervous feel) 11*1—due to monthly functional disturbances. It helps build up resistance against distress of "difficult days.” Made in Canada.
Daya, W Evenings. Thursday, 7.*
TRACTOR PARTS
IT'S EXCELLENT. REAL RESULTS after taking Dixon's Remedy for Rheumatic Pain» and Neuritis. Munro's Drug Store, 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1 ‘
TRACTOR PARTS NEW AND used, for all makes of tractors. General Auto and Tractor Supply, 13 Fi ederick 6L, Kitchener, Ont
ISSUE No. 17—43
Cl
###PAGE###4###

«
THE EQUITY
tV!stl:e Sure Dirt Hat Food Value Prend Alco in Meat

\pril 20tli 1943	,
Shawville
TIME for REPAIRS

X

t
Bullets For Farm Pests
SELECTIVE
NATIONAL
in

1
During the Winter months is the time to look over your equipment and have the necessary repairs made. Materials may be difficult to procure later in the year.
Farm
I
-
*
lit S'»11
t
:
:
I
•punie u mini y alarm Board ordtM •
tion for small arm
h.i>

SERVICE
Men Born From 1902 to 1924 Must Prove
Compliance With Mobilisation Regulations When Asking Permits to Seek Employment
)'
V
t
ImNV ll
s
St
1
»
in
til
\
I
!

I
munition tor su
rows.
t ll
That
it clear that munition for tie
____________Jr li vest
tli • î on,ei \\!i v» i amnmmtun
i
¦


rt lei

1* v
i
I
i
î
t or
i
:
\ Order pursuant to National Selective Servira ( i\ili.m Régula!inn*, a change I* now made in the issue uf permits to seek employment.
B
We still have in stock a few articles in
1
vX
i
v nivieix
i
ing
ENAMELWARE
I
I I
After April 30. 1**3 from lim * to | present» wlW Hegulatioiu, ii
n
l!l\

Farm Co-ops are Favored

rat hod 10, unie*» he ire with M
i
1
10 i t
u
Other

u
;
i
f
f
Utl
i
i
not ix
1

nd
Hb M
(a) A cert
i
s* win.
Larger
I
I
ni rec
vmpt fi excepti
1
!
in I
DALE’S TINSHOP
il urina th
1

n is hvi
i
than oX ‘anima L'd to fill nutri
proteir are req
An
on a tient
tien B (tard; or (U) from the Bdjistrqr of born from 100* to 101 on form availat tie in a "single person " ft ml
Documents in (a), (b) and (c) nbmc need l»e invented only the first time a permit is romrht after April SO. 11) 1.1. unless
aked fur n	<-
(d; ;tU»x c must be jHrest t< ach time a peniit i> applied or.
(1) Male persons applying for permits by mail shou'd foruflrd0 frith their c. indications the evidence ra-ynired, cxt'epf (e) abaf t.
(Î) .4 Selective Sen ice Officer M AY furnish a permit uithofit first being handed evidence, where the ap/dicant's services are retpiired for immediate cm-jdoyinent, or where a permit is asked for by mail, out in these cases the evidence must be presented to the Selective Seri ire Officer later, usual1 y WITHIN TIIRKE DAYS of the issue of the permit.
All men born from 1002 to 1921, who have reached age 19, are urged to co-operate with your Employment and Selective Service Office. Bring your documents with you.
ri
î
I

f a Mob
of
he I

H
?
Imx
i
t
t iges ni
recognized by Board uftirial are anxious t * » remove ;t
movement < Other tvjH's « reive favoraM apply for licet
i

i
/
, :

t
rr
and they
tac'es to

Board; or (v) if
M»MËIÊÈÊÊÈ
\
Niacin, also called nicotinic acid, is a vitamin which helps digestion, keeps the nerves functioning properly, makes the skin healthy, and
Whole wheat
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
ll\
%
1
(I
the free market» also will r when tliei
t
êl

\
toy hi cat o’jict Mobilization Regulation*
/
tan
oi
jsRUBJGiMiBMUBini ms
wards off pellagra breads or cereals, potatoes, green vegetables, and fruits are sources of niacin.
The other two vitamins in meat, thiamin and riboflavin, likewise are contained in whole grain breads and cereals, vegetables, and fruits.
Officer. Document* in (<•) nnd
V
Meat Rationing and Farmers
There are definite reasons why meat rationing ha# become necessary. One is to keep Britain ami overseas forces supplied with enough to make up for supplies not available now from other countries. Another is that rationing is the fairest way of providing a fair distribution of what remains in < anada
Farmers are much concerned for they are the producers, and they have been producing more than ever they will be affected only when they go to buy meat from shops. Those who kill a meat animal for their own v.se will not be interfered with at all. All that is asked is that farmers will act the same as others in the spirit of regulations.
. For Beautiful
Cemetery Memorials
Teacher Wanted

Teacher for !943 44 term for Acres Elementary School. Address replies to Sec-Treas, Campbells Bay Consolidated School, Campbell# Bay, Que., stating experience and salary expected.
F. F. HENDERSON,
Svc-Treas-
However
Write or phone
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
Department of Labour
Hi m purl y Mitchell,
Minister of Labour
A. MacXamara,
Director. Xationnl fried ice £'Trice
Teachers Wanted
Phone,278
Qualified protestant teacher for Sept. 1st. Term ten month»; 6(13,00 l>er month; board approximately $18,00, 12 pupils, modern school.- Apply to.
GEO TANNER, Sec-Trea*.
I km ford Lake, Que.
NS* W!
Canadian Farmers on Honour System
- O —
Canadian farmers were put on the “honour system " when butter rationing went into effect, and a similar system will be used for meat rationing on farms, according to the Wartime Prices And Trade Board.
There is no accurate way of checking how much meat farmer* slaughter and cure at home for their own, or their neigh bus consumption. Local Ration Boards rely on the farmer * honesty in registering extra coupons and the name* of members of his local “Beef
*
Teachers Wanted
Tw<
jualitied Protestant Teachers for Lesl.e Schools, Salary, $73.00 per month, apply to
THUS. QVAÎLK, Secretary Otter Lake, Quo.
AN OPEN MESSAGE TO DEPOSITORS
King
Details of the meat rationing plan as it effects farmers lune Ye t xet been released, but it is known that it is not proposed to put bmdensonie restrictions mu the slaughter of livestock by farmers f ir their own use.
PUBLIC NOTICE
of the BANK OF MONTREAL
Xnti
is hereby given that RUBY
VIOL HT GAlXîSFOKD, of Ottawa,
Ontario, will apply to the Parliament of Canada, .it the present
thereof, t«*r a Kill of Divoice from her
husband. THOMAS JOHX MOOR.
h ka dhhmbhhémhSIIH
The Government is appealing most t nneatly, however, to all farmers who s’*tighter their own meat to live well within the spirit of tin rat if n. That is
n sump-20 iiercent thi*»
next session
t ! h yson
Quebec, c n the
tli-y are asked t*> tifii of meat bv 1
i

ground.* of
H. Miliar Wallah
April 12th, 1943

tery
t
year, as are all rationed officials sail I
In order to e ntr«»l i] e supply '-f
meat entering into channel* of trade, I Avis est donné parles présentes, nue there will be r stricte iv <»n tie*	right	Kl KY VIOLET G A LN S F O	11 D,
of 11’ nn is ami of other persons	to	d’Oitawa, Ontario, demandera au	p,tr-
slaughtw for sale, but mmh «-Î	tne	lenient du Canada, A la présente on	a la
Miccess of the p’an d* pends on	the	pnch »ine session, uti Kill <1,
f irmer himself, and the volni.t uy ca- contre son operation he gives in marketing hi* livestock through regu'ar channel* of
t rade.
:. Solicite r Hull, Quebec
m
i
I
*
n this time of national emergency our country is making demands of its citizens such as we have never known before. And rightly, for we have never been faced with a crisis such as this war has brought to our doorsteps.
You
»

'
• Hvoru
mart, THOMAS JOHN MOORHEAD, de ihy
p >ur cause rl'adultère.
R. Miller Wallai e. Ad\
Le 12 d'avril, 1043
Quebec,
<on
ocat Hull, Quebec
our depositors
have responded loyally in many ways, and we, at the Bank of Montreal, take particular pride in the splendid way you have bought Victory Bonds. We take pride, too. in the record of service of this Bank to its customers and to
Revolution in Medicine Is
Taking Place in Nation TENDERS FOR COAL AND COKE
An American medical revolution is on its way! The armed forces are taking approximately one-third of our practicing physicians with the undersigned, and endorsed “Tender for result that some form of socialized Co; 1. Province of Quebec”, will be remedicine is coming into widespread j reived until 3.00 p. m. (k.o.s.t ). Tues-being, writes Michael Evans in a diy. M-y 11th, 1913, for the supply of pocket-size monthly magazine. | coal and coke for the Dominion Ihnid-By January 1, 1943, almost every • ings in the Province of Quebec, doctor under 45—and many in the m .ntrexl, i*
45 to 55 age group, will be in uniform
Federal Bldg.*.— Sealed Tenders
l’rox inee of Quebec addressed to tlie

Canada. For a period of over 125 years troublous times of eight wars steady course, always confident that Canada would win through to a future that would far outshine its record of the past. This faith has always been justified ... it is still as strong
which has embraced the our Bank has continued on its
EXCEPT
F -mi's t
...	,	i tender with specific ui<»ns<
The situation for civilians, and conditions attached can be obtained according to Assistant Surgeon Gen- from the Chief Purchasing Agent, De-eral Mountain, may truly be said to putment of Public Work-. Ottawa; be desperate.	j hom Mr. li iîand Simard, Supervising
• “What's going to happen to us Architect, lftp St. Paul St. West, Mont-when we’re sick?” millions of Amer- real; and from Mr. J. A. Drolet. Archi-icans aie asking.	tret, Public Works Department, Cu.«-
With 50,000 out of our 181,530 reg- toms Building, Quebec, P Q istered physicians in khaki and with Tenders should he made on the form* the concentration of workers in war supplied by the Department and in industrial communities, problems | accordance with departmental siitcifica-are arising which must be met, the tiens and conditions attached thereto article states emphatically.	Coal dealers' license numbers must be
The answer may be socialized given when tvndeiing. medicine-which the American Med- The Department -. serves the right leal association has been fighting so , to demand from any successful tenderer bitterly for so long. Today, how- before awarding the ,,rdur ever, the AM A has no choice in the \ d* matter. Medical care must be re
as ever.
Today, in this time of national crisis, we appeal to you to support the nation’s war effort by drawing on earnings to the limit of your capacity to buy Victory Bonds. We shall be glad to place them in safekeeping for you at a very small charge. If you must have cash at any time, Victory Bonds always acceptable as security for a bank loan and the ments are simple and prompt.
Your country needs your help NOW through your support of the Fourth Victory Loan.
your savings and
are
arrange*
i security in the form of a certified
H" ?¦>““" ; SarvSBtE
the Manpower board are assigning i „f the Dominion of Canndn or of the
amTS 88 ‘hey are needed Condinn N»tion*l Rnilwny Company
!vfS Abecn	mi the ! d*. or the aforementioned bonds ..nd a
American Medical as- .certified checque, if required to make up sociation. And under an arbitrary ,lti ^ amount but technically voluntary basis, the J	jjy or(jer
AMA is assigning physicians to spe- ;	t \\ ’ cnxiVRVTT r i?
cific localities. Federal and federal |*	Secretary
ly sponsored clinics will come too. Department of Public Wrrks, promises the article.	I Ottawa, April 21, 1943.
voit
/
BANK OF MONTREAL
i
.
t

###PAGE###5###
-----
î ï
OUTSTANDING
VALUES



m
The Minister of f inance of the Dominion of Canada
offer» for publie Kuh^ription

*1.100.000.000
Fourlh
Clearing Lines of Sunworthy Wallpaper
Extra good patterns of discontinued lines, bundles enough for two rooms. All at half pnce while they last,
I
I
Some
VICTORY LOAN
Beautify Your Home !
Dated and* hearing interest from 1st May 1943, and offered in two * maturities, the choice of which is optional with the subscriber, as followss
A large selection of New Spring Curtains
Cottage Curtains, red, blue and green, trimmed 90c pr. Kitchen Curtains, red. blue and green, trimmed
Fourteen-year
Three and one-half year
1%% Itonris
Hue In( November 1016
Jl% IBoimN
Due 1 » i >1 a y 1057
91.1* to $1.25
Hu tiled Curtain Scrim, rose, green and gold / 20 to 35c Drapery Damask, sturdy, in met, blue and gold, about 50 inches wide .
Callable In or after 1954 Interest payable 1st May and November Bearer denominations,
$30, $100, $500, $1,000, $5,000, $25,000
Non-raliable to maturity Interest pnyalde 1st May and November Bearer denominations,
$1,000,	$3,000,	$25,000,	$100,000
82.25 per yard
TAPESTRY COVERING .
4(1 inch wide, new design
Issue Prices 100% *
Issue Prices I<10%
Principal and interest payable in lawful money of Canada ; the principal at any agency of the Bank of Canada and the interest semi-annually, without charge, at any
branch in Canada of any Chartered Bank.
Bonds may be registered as to principal or as to principal and interest, as detailed in the Official Prospectus, through
any agency of the Bank of Canada.
85c per yard
MONK’S CLOTH
36 inch natural shade
75c per yard
SATIN CUSHIONS
Assorted sizes and colors,
81 25 82.25 and 82.75
00NG0LEUM GOLD SEAL RUGS
both mal arilIpm of I ho loan may be paid In foil at I hp lime of application at the Ihnbp prive In earb ease without aeerned Interest. Bearer bond* with poupon* will be available for prompt d<»U very. Sabaerlptloan may alao be made payable by lawtalmeats,
Transforms old rooms to new at amazingly low cost
A large selection of 1943 patterns now in stock, including floor covering by,*'the yard
pin* «corned interest. am follow*:
10% oa application:
!•%
18% on 1*1 elono 18 13:
18% on 1*1 «Inly 1913$
2nd % a *a* t 1913;
18.01% on Ike 3% bond* OR 18.37% on the l%% bond*, on 1*1 October 1913.
18% on 1*1 September 1913;
The la*t payment on 1st October 1913. cover* the final payment of principal, pin* .81 of 1% la the ease of the 3% bond* and .37 of 1% In the ease of the l%% bonds repre
nting accrued
Interest to the doe dates of the respeetlve Instalments.
BACKTHE
ATTACK !
The Minister of Finance reserves the right to accept or to allot the whole or any part of the amount of this loan subscribed for either or both maturities if total subscriptions are in excess of
$1,100,000,000.
The proceeds of this loan will he used by the Government to finance expenditures for
war purposes.
Subscriptions may be made through any Victory Loan Salesman, the National ^ ar Finance Commit tee or any representative thereof, any branch in Canada of any Chartered Bank, or any authorized Savings Bank, Trust or Loan Company, from whom may he obtained application forms and copies of the Official Prospectus containing complete details of the loan.
The lists will open on 26th April 1913, and will close on or about 13th May 1913, with or without notice, at the discretion of
the Minister of Finance.
A' t
/
I


»
%

XV,
X
7
I
I
I
Department of Finance, Ottawa^ 26th April 1943•
à
t
CARDS OF THANKS
FOR SALE—Ahiifi*t new Dt? Laval
Vi en n i Sr | ut r« i or, N«> ft ; Daniel Incubator. in g«•«»d condition ; Household articles and gw n I en tool?. Apply to Austin McLowki.l, Simwville, Que.
Hione 16 - l ?.
Look Here
OAclekiJotVt
am cum
<Hefre!
We wish to express our sincere thanks to relatives, friends and neighbours for their many acts of kindness, messages of sympathy and floral tribute»* received during our recent bereavement in the loss of a lovirg mother wit! »pect*l thanks \ ¦ K v. K C.
Shaw ville, Que.
For Snip, Wants, Fourni,
Lost, etc.
FOR SALE—Two year old Clyde.*- Caulking Compound Aids
ÏS 3:	1» Saving Valuable Fuel
tyne, Maryland, Phone « - 22.	Caulking compounds, which are
forms and colors, commonly white, gray or black, and obtainable in any paint store or paint department, can be an important factor in coming winter, if
to all cracks and chinks around windows, doors, sills and foundations, and to cracks in walls, regardless of whether they be of wood, brick, stucco or masonry. Caulking com-
Tiie Abbott Family

0
No writing. No money orders. No bother. Just call or phone, J00% live delivery guaranteed.
Fluorescent Lights Have j j Effect on Painting Scheme %
Before painting an interior in which fluorescent lighting is to be 8 used, it may be important to test f the color of the paint under the y fluorescent light before going ahead 5! with the job, for the normal appear- ' ” ance of colored paint may be quite altered under this new type of lighting, Testing the paint with a light will enable* a selection of paint which will look the way the occupants want it to look when the lights are on, even though it may appear a different color in undiluted daylight.
• It has been pointed out that the j results from the lighting depend upon the particular color involved. ;
In some instances the color change may be comparatively minor, but with certain others, the colors may do peculiar things. For example, a cup of coffee under the light from a w
ÏÏT,'SSTSiS" 2 THE CORNER STORE
rather unnaturally greenish tint.
However, although a color may be
fcMUpja ‘ i’
orescent light, it is not necessarily less attractive than under incandescent light.
Italy’s Great Naval Port, Spezia, Bombed by Britain
When long-range British bombers
FOR SALE—One mirror geared and steel tire buggy and one No. 15 Massey Harris Mower, ft. cut. Both in good condition. Apply to M. V. Foster, R. R. 3, Quyon, Que
The Lowest 2 Priced
saving fuel this
applied promptly dropped explosives on Spezia, Italy,
they struck at one of that country’s greatest concentrations of floating equipment, naval installations, and supplies.
Situated on the west coast, about pound is packaged in various ways 50 miles southeast of Genoa, Spezia by the different manufacturers. It is approximately 675 air-line miles the O'Brien comes in cans like paint, in special from London and 610 miles from
containers intended for use in cer- Malta. It is heavily fortified. At tain types of caulking guns and in Spezia afe ship-building yards, the tubes.
straight cracks, a caulking gun can ries and machine shops, powerful be loaded with a compound, which hydraulic cranes, as well as torpedo is then expelled into the cracks by and gunnery school ships. West of pulling a trigger. Or, it may be the naval port arc large coal sheds pressed into a crack with a putty i and tanks of liquid fuels for the knife and then smoothed down. The purpose is to seal the exterior »
the crack rather than to attempt to cate system of basins making up the fill the crack completely. Generali
caulking compound is so prepared j though most of the quays that it forms a hard film on the served for the navy. The town of surface of the crack, which may be Spezia is at the head of the Gulf readily painted, when dry, while be* 1 Gf Spezia. It is rated as having the neath the film the compound remains largest and safest natural harbor of relatively soft and expands and i on* the Mediterranean.
Founded in 1371, Spezia now has a resident population of about 75,000.
JOHN MeCREDIE MARYLAND
Nationally Advertised Tooth Brush , in Canada
WANTED — Housekeeper to r'o light housework. Apply to John A. Telford* It 1, Campbell'* Bay, Que.
g
Wilson’s Garage
PASTURAGE—100 acres near Ons low Corners, known farm, well fenced, lots of water. Apply to Mrs. I no. Kelley, Quyon, Que.
Only' 25C
Tt\e Same Reliable Service

For large jobs on long royal dockyard and arsenal, facto-
I Dodge and De Soto I Sales and Service
PRO-PHY-LAC-TIO
NYLON
TOOTH BRUSH
FOR SALE—A matched team of brown Belgium», mare and gelding, rising 2 and 3 years old ; also a farm waggon. Apply to Joe Dumas, Maryland, phone 5-43.
Ford Service
navy.
Amid the many inlets and intri-
FOR SAJLE-— One Fordson Tractor; 1 Ford ton and a half truck, w*th rack. Apply to Preston Ho do ins, R 2. Shaw, ville, phone 20-40.
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
vast harbor is a mercantile port,
J t
are re-
J. P* Wilson
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts.
SHAWVILLE
Main Street
Shawville Quebec
Phone 40
WANTED—Will buy 8 or 10 Hoi-stein Heifer calves, age 2 days and up Pure bred or grade. Must be g«>od Apply to Thor, McNeill, phone 23 23,
Maryland.
<
appearance under flu-
tracts in accordance with changing temperatures. -
1

###PAGE###6###
Guys Like These”
a
himself. The words have a aiml-1st application to us alL Every course of action which presents itself to us must be decided upon directly by ourselves, our
science and God.
Jesus' Will Made Clear
««This saying therefore went forth among the brethren, that that disciple should not die; yet Jesus said not unto him, that he hsould not die; but, If I will that H# tarry till 1 come, what is that
to thee ?”
Only when Peter was actually crucified in the year 64, was the prophecy spoken by Jesus g
his martyrdom fully and
So with
LESSON
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
TUNISIA TANKS: MARK THREE—OUT
Veteran Joe and Sergeant Je**
Were splitting * quart in thé miu# canteen.
Old Joe was telling of seventeen,
When he lost hi# leg in the red ravine.
In walked a lad with eyes like jade,
And called for a drink of orangeade.
Jean snickered and grinnvdî Joe » cold eyes strayed
To the Sergeant's smile, which began to fade.
Back in the corner I looked at Joe
While his furrowed face begart te
glow.
“HE ain’t no milk sop, no, Sarg., NO.
Some day he’ll stand in the Honours row.”
Me, said Joe, I take my beer
Like lots of the lads, but listen here,
The man who doesn’t is not Just queer;
And maybe he’s better, mo don’t you jeer.
This guy Montgomery’s no man’s fool ;
He's hard as nails, and bravé and cool.
He lives his life by an inn rule.
An’ he’s got a kick like an army mule.




con


i + .lit,

a <:


Pf
Hr.
m

m
May 2
CHRIST'S CHARGE TO PETER
John 21
PRINTED TEXT, John 21:15-24 GOLDEN TEXT.—Greater lore hath no man than this, that a man lay down hie life for hie friende.
John 15:13.
Memory Veree; O give thanks unto Jehovah; for he is good. Psalm 136:1.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING T me.—April, A.D. 30.
The Sea of Galilee. Jeeue Queetione Peter “So when they had broken their fast, Jesus saith to Simon Peter, Simon, son of John, invest thou re than these? He saith





SSttPl

Ctl


con-
'
w
V
FM
eernmg
positively understood
; ! — the event would finally make clear just what the Lord's will concerning him was. The statement here made, therefore, means only one thing. it calls upon all to wait till such time as the Lord Himself will make plain what His will concerning John is. In Peter’s case, Jesus pronounced actual prophecy ; in John’s he declined a prophecy, ^and left John’s career and end wholly In the secrecy of His will.
A Courageous Peter
“This is the disciple that bear-eth witness of these things, and wrote these things; and we know that his witness is true.”
Peter did not know that he had come to one of the great crises of his life, and that from this time he would be an altogether different man. He had heard tho Lord entrust to him a more solemn task than ever the Lord had previously designated as his life work. He had even heard that day that he was to die a martyr, crucified as the Lord had been crucified for him. From this day on we behold a courageous Peter in place of the cowardly one of a few days ago.
-
John
Place
.itish anti-tank gunner* chalked up a tidy score against Rommel's forces on the southern Tunisia knocking out this trio of Mark III tanks and another pair not shown.
fro
German Car Has
Two Front Ends
me r
unto him, yea, Lord; thou know-est that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my lambs.” There was a time, not many days be-fort this, when Peter was boasting of how loyal he was to the Lord Jesus, but all of his boasting proved vain and empty. Christ wants to know from Peter's lips whether Peter really and truly now loves the Lord and Master.
• ;«
j RADIO REPORTER
Mendelssohn Choir and the Toronto Symphony Orchestra. This program will be carried by both the C.B.C. network and Station CFRB, Toronto. CFRB in addition to the Sunrise Services announced for Faster Sunday commencing at 6 a m. will feature a special rendition of the “Crucifixion” Good Friday morning at 10.30.
By
REX FROST
an
Announcer . . . “Sinclair Lewis wrote a book called “It Can't Happen Here”—but a great many things that seemed fantastic four years ago are now actualities. Suppose for instance, you were sitting at home with a friend, listening to your radio, when . . . SOUND EFFECT . . Dance Music up in volume then cut the voice of an Announcer; We interrupt this programme to bring you a special bulletin AN FSE TROOPS HAVE LANDED IN FORCE ON THE COAST OF BRITISH COLUMBIA” . . . FOR FURTHER DETAILS KEEP TUNED TO THIS STATION . . .
Then followed a brief conversation between two men and the incident was concluded by the
HHHBHHVes,
An eight wheeled German scout car with two front ends—It has a driver aft as well as forward and can speed ahead or in reverse at more than 50 miles an hour—>waa In the military loot taken by United States forces In their latest push.
After being repaired, the heavily armored scout car and captured 'light German tanks were In use on the battlefield with the white star of the Americans painted over the German markings.
own
and
Peter'» Grief
“He saith to him again the second time, Simon, son of John, lovest thou me? him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that
He saith unto him,
on
By way of contrasts, CFRB now offers two different and interesting musical broadcasts on Saturday evenings ade in Blue, heard between 8.30 and 9 p.m. features the charming voice and personality of Pat Bailey in popular and well known airs, with music under the direction of Les Fostei programme heard between 10.30 and 10.45 p.m. introducing Ben Louis, an unusual novelty pianist who lends a most individual and distinctively modern interpretation to his piano renditions.
JAP
He saith unto
Ever hear of this Beurling bloke Who many a Bosche s plane has broke ?
When guys like these don’t drink or smoke,
Their rule of life is no man’s joke.
—George A. Wright,
1 love thee tend my sheep. He saith unto him the third time, Simon, son of John, lovest thou me? Peter was grieved because he said unto him the third time, Lovest thou me? And he said unto him, Lord, thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I love thee unto him, Feed my sheep.”
The address of the Lord, thrive repeated, recalls the fini words addressed to St. Peter when ho received the surname Cephas
The three questions
One, Seren
Brass Trinkets May Go Into Melting Pot
Brockville
The other
announcer saying all feel like Bill if it DID happen here—wcM want to defend this Canada of curs with everything wc had. The best way to prevent it, is to be strong enough to discourage the attempt, you can do your part by enlisting in Canada's Reserve Army . . . unquote.
The United States War Production Board is trying to avoid It, but may have to carry a copper, brass, and bronze collection campaign into the country's homes.
The drive would mean getting out the trinkets, candlesticks, souvenirs end whatnots that accumulate in the average household, as well as old curtain rods and the metal from wornout west her-proofing strips.
Destroyer Escorts
The Un Red States Navy recently announced the launching of 61 sleek, sturdy little warships, soon to be supplemented by at least 240 more, says Newsweek. A cross between corvettes and destroyers, they were christened DK's, or destroyer escorts 000 and could be built In lour months (in contrast to nine months for a destroyer cial job was to guard merchant ship convoy/
Jesus saith
Air-Sea Rescues
When United Nations planes, raiding from Britain, are shot up over continental know that their chance of escape is good if they can reach the sea before bailing out or crashing. In waters around England the Air Sea Rescue Service, with its speedy ambulance boats and specially equipped planes, has saved more than 1.300 air crews since 1940.
Europe, the fliers
(Peter)
could not but recall the three denials; and the form of this last question could not but vividly bring back the thought of the failure of personal devotion at the moment of trial grieved not only that the question was put again, but that this third time the phrase was changed; that the question was not only put once again, but at the me time put so as to raise a doubt whether he could indeed rightly claim that iflodified love which he had professed. His grief lay in the deep sense that such a doubt might well be suggested by the past, even if it were at the
¦ Men
The queen silt of Australia's white ants lays at least 30,000 eggs a day for a total of more than 10,000,000 a year.
Each oost $3,600
Such was in part the script which created a mild sensation following a broadcast from CFRB last week. Apparently some listeners hearing the first part of the minute and a half dramatic spot didn't wait for the end. They rushed to conclusions . also for their telephones There is room for argument as to whether or pot such broadcasts fro good psychology. The incident however, revealed one interesting point. That many people when faced with what they believed was a national emergency, rushed to their telephones; they did the very thing they had been asked by Defense Authorities not to do. In any real emergency it would be imperative that civilians leave all possible telephone facilities for use by tho-c organizing the defense mechanism.
The DE's spe-
OUR RADIO LOG
So Peter was
SHORT WAVE
CK AC Montreal 730k CKCR Waterloo 1490k CKCO Ottawa 1310k <’KGR Timmins 1470k CKflO Sudbury 790k CKPC Brantford 1380k OKLW Windsor 800k CKNX Wlngham 920k CHEX Peterboro 1430k
V.S, STATIONS
WEBR Buffalo 1340k WHAM Rochester 1180k WLW Cincinnati 700k WGY Schenectady 810k KDKA Pittsburgh 1020k WRUM hlcago WHEN Buffalo WtlH Buffalo WKBW BuffaTb 1520k WJK Detroit 760k
Vim^llok, *CBL'740k
nrCL 580k. CBY 1010k
V.S. NETWORKS
EAF N B C. Red 660k JZ. li.B.C. Blue 770k ABC (CBS.) 86(Vk (MBS) 7 ) 0k
GSB	England	9.61m
G St ' England 1.68m
GSD England 11.75m
GSE England 1186m
GSG England 17.79m
GSP England 16 31m
EAR	Spain	9 48m
RAN	Russia	9.60m
UNE	Russia	12.00m
PRF6	Brasil	95.0Om
WGEA Schenectady
16.33m
WCAB Phila. 15.27m
WCBX N. York 11.83m WRVL Boston 15.16m
and
WESTERN STATE
1
OR
19 Fails to follow suit in card playing.
21 A process of the temporal bone behind the car.
23	Weird.
24	Espouse.
26 Varnish
ingredient.
29	Biblical food
30	Nullifies.
32	Crystalline substance
33	Deer track».
34	Narrow inlet, 36 Department
of Public Education (abbr.).
38	Fluff from fabrics.
39	Anger.
40	Circle part
41	Twist into ringlets.
44 Yellow ocher, 46 New Zealand * ratite bird:
49 Parent.
17 Compass point 51 All right
HORIZONTAL Answer to Previous Punie
1 Depicted state. I 5 It has many 1 mines.
9 Cubic meters II Placard.
13	Altitude (abbr.),
14	Born.
15	Perched.
16	Greek god of flocks.
18 An agent.
20	Abdicate.
21	Principal.
22	Drunken carousal.
24 French river. « Courtesy title 35 Domestic	« Beverage,
slave.	47 Adherent of
26	Endures.	(suffix ).
27	Suffix.	48 Pertaining
28	Skill.	to the Alps.
29	Persian	*0 Hums,
priestly caste. 12,33 Its capital
SI Intersect.
24 Hindu queen 15 Surrender.
87	Hostelries.	.
88	Garden shrub. 1 Speaks
42	Let fall.
43	Babylonian
CANADIAN STATIONS
ÇFOS Owen Sd. 1400k OK PC Hamilton 1150k CHML. Hamilton
pn™
3H HMM QH3 LdE
sescd	¦
UjEUM
900 k
CKTH St. Cath. 1550k QFCF Montreal 660k OTCH North Bay 1230k CJCS Stratford 1240k QjCWS Kinghton 960k vFCO Chatham 630k CFPL Ix^ndon
780k
930k
550k
same time ungrounded might reasonably distrust his profession of sincerity after his fall, but he appealed to the Lord using the words ’thou knowest.’
Prophecy of Suffering
“Verily, verily, I say unto thee, when thou wast young, thou gird-eat thyself, and walkedst whither thou wouldest: but when thou ehalt be old, thou shalt stretch forth thy hands, and another shall gird thee, and carry thee whither thou wouldst not. Now this he spake, signifying by what manner of death he should glorify God. And when he had spoken this, he saith unto him, follow me.” This solemn prophecy of suffering is closely connected with the joy of love and restoration. In one way or another it will surely be thus with every true disciple of our Saviour. To each of us without exception He will assign some cross to bear for Him; to each He will say, in one way or another, ’If you love Me, serve Me; and you shall suffer for Me/	- .
BiBamtiQH
HÜ
WILLIAM
p] DAVIS
MBÊÈS&
1570k

m
03
m
SkflMhu
MM 111HM IHtillW ¦ Hi a
By William Ferguson
THIS CURIOUS WORLD
1
Most people agree that radio humour is a much needed tonic these days and offers welcome relief from the more serious side of world news and discussion. One radio comedian whose Sunday evening variety half hour holds a stellar place in entertainment circles, has apparently issued a disturbing statement. Fred Allen has let it be known in radio circles that he is contemplating leaving the air for at least 6 months and to not prepared to say when he will return.
god of the sky 3 Alder tree
4	Mind.
5	Ruminant mammal.
\\
%
#

6	Hops’ kiln.
7	Lieutenant (abbr.).
8	Leave.
9	Incline.
10	Perceive.
11	Greek letter.
12	Showers.
13	Paid publicity
; ?

1 ^
f f



m


(
&

fr
a
Is

City
\ ;

V
VERTICAL
»
&

1
(Pi)
2 Symbol for tellurium.
MONGOOSE,
introduced into the west indies
TO KILL RATS', FOUND DOMEST 1C POULTRY MORE TO ITS LIKING AND 61CAME, ITSELF, A SERIOUS PEST.
CONI 1*42 I> MfA.mviCE INC
In his own words Fred Allen
I am going to take a rest. I’ve been in radio for eleven years and now’ I’m going to sit back and relax for a while” . . . To the average radio listener a half hour variety show such as Fred Allen presents every Sunday evening may sound a pretty easy job. Just thirty minutes of entertainment once a week, but H would be an çvç opener to know how many strenuous hours of work go into the preparation of
Each week
ys
5
4
I
12
II
Peter*» Responsibility
’’Peter, turning about, seeth the disciple whom Jesus loved following; who also leaned back on his breast at the supper, and said, Ix>rd, who is he that betrayeth thee? Peter therefore seeing him saith to Jesus, I>ord, and what shall this man do? Jesus saith unto him, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee? Follow thou me.”
What needs to be emphasized in our Lord’s answer is that He tells Peter that John’s course of life and his destiny are matters with which Peter has no need* to concern himself different career for John that ie not Peter’s concern. Peter himself is an individual with a direct responsibility to God, and he must decide his course of action as a personal matter between God and
1 V	T. M. ate U 8 FAT. Ofr

16
15
13

I
Hfir
I
24
3
n
m

D50
q® k
16
25

u
WE IN
AMERICA
THINK OF
SQy BEANS
26
27
such a programme there must be new jokes, music, dramatic incidents and the framing of programme styling to suit guest stars. Such things are simply not just drawn out of a hat. A half hour show of this type represents at least three and sometimes up to five or six full working days of writing and preparation. Then come hours of rehearsal. From one Sunday programme to another it’s a steady grind into which must be sandwiched many other personal appearance shows. It is rumoured that Fred Allen may switch to Hollywood for a while. Here’s hoping the lure of the screen will not prevent hi* return to the airwaves next fall. We need all the good cheer that's possible these otherwise drab wartime days.
mi
32
33
31
30
AS A NEW DEVELOPMENT.
Sut the Chinese were
SHOWING THEM AS EARLY
35
36
34
AS
2638 B.C
4
40
41
36
o o
One cannot see with a
GLASS EVE, ALTHOUGH LOOK GOOD, Svy-r
If .God has a
46
47
44
4b
43

fT MA>
50
49
51
46
x
carl l.crook.

«-I7
•l,
ASHEVILLE, N.C
2
53
i
NFTT F.le,h*nt panto.
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Pertinent Pop
THE WHOLE SHIP	,
WAS DOWN WITH ft ÿ/|/
malaria AND
WE HAD TO
-take in aaBSafc
COAL
IS THAT GOOD FOR
AAALARIA
I
*»
@

?
»
The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation as well as the private stations announce appropriate programmes for the Easter season. Throughout Easter Sunday special religious services will be broadcast by the CBC including a morning presentation of the New Te tament story of the
Resurrection ternoon in part will he devoted to a rendition of Ver.li’s Requiem presented by the well known

I
L
id

JU

1
JU!
8-5

Easter Sunday af

: qui w
J

_
###PAGE###7###
darling!" she «aid. "Have you •till got thoee chocolate biecuite I used to like so much? Ml come round a* soon as I can."
Then she danced away to whistle to the cardinal; and the heaviness departed as by magic from Dickie’s soul. That kiss, he assured himself, meant nothing,
but—but—it himself. It thrilling through him crossed the Plaza afoot — clean forgetting his waiting car — and entered the Consulate.
"That Lafollette bloke isn’t going to marry her without a struggle," he said to himself. And then, such being his constitution, he riddled his mind temporarily of all disturbing thoughts and concentrated on business.
"Let’s get that report finished, Sebastian," he told his secretary, who was entering up voluminous details with a spidery pen.
"Yus, Excellency," said the factotum with a gush. He was a glutton for work. "I have already compiled the trade figures for the past month. There is also the statement from the mining company."
$ * #
"Take this down," Dickie said crisply. "Usual heading."
"Off we go, then; 'I have the honour to report that although since my last communication there has been a sporadic outbreak of attempted revolution, the situation is now in hand; and it is my fixed conviction that opportunities for the advancement of British trade with Hiyatala were never better than at present. It is recommended
He dictated decisively, never pausing for a word, and as he did so he stared reflectively at the bullet-marks still pitting the walls of his office. A dry smile creased his mobile lips. In many ways it seemed only yesterday that the Plaza outside had been packed with a vociferous mob, intent on destruction. Two shops had been set on fire; the chief of police had been hanged to a lamp-post* the President had bolted, taking with him as much as was portable
of the Treasury.
What might a man expect to do with such a temperamental country? Actually he felt there was nothing to save accept conditions as they existed, work strenuously, and pray for better times. Peace had'descended on Hiyatala, but— but—
"Yes, Excellency?" asked Sebastian, pen poised over the official foolscap.
Dickie Higgins realized that for once his thoughts had strayed from the matter immediately to hand. He was wondering if the arrival of this man Lafallette might not portend evil for the country of his adoption; the country to which he had devoted his heart and nerve and sinew during the colourful, constructive years.
"I’d better keep a pretty close eye on that merchant," he thought. "All right, Sebastian—where had I got to?"
(Continued Next Week)
fiH ZSN
Every Canadian Home Should Have the

GARDEN NOTES.
MAMMOTH
SONG BOOK

explained himself to J J still seemed to be 1
m
v
he

. •
«/


Over 225 World Famous Songs and Choruses


Big Croppers for Garden»
Much will depend upon the location and size of the vegetable garden as to the crops grown in it. If tiny, say less than 60 feet square, then authorities advise concentrating on those vegetables which give the biggest yield per row. This means small, compact things like carrots, beets, lettuce, beans, spinach, onions, radish, possibly a few staked tomatoes. With the first items, even 12 feet of row, if given a little attention in the way of thinning, cultivation, and perhaps watering and fertilizer, should produce many good meals for the fair-sized family. And as the rows can be •paced a mere foot apart, a small plot will grow a lot of crop.
The staked tomatoes will take up more room. They should be 18 inches apart in the row, but one plant should grow a big basket of tomatoes, and if all side shoots are nipped off and the plant tied loosely to a six-foot stake it will ripen the fruit surprisingly early.
It doesn’t pay to grow bulky things like potatoes in the tiny vegetable garden, and a winter’s supply of carrots, onions, beets, etc., should not be attempted. Corn and peas take, up a lot of room but because théy are never so tasty as when taken right out of the garden at the back door, sometimes even city gardeners try to squeeze them in.
Garden corn should be grown in hills about 15 to 18 inches apart. To supply the small family at least a dozen hills of corn are necessary, and from 40 to 60 feet of row of peas.
Transplanting
The three most important factors in successful transplanting are moisture, shade and the exclusion of air from the roots. Whether the thing to be transplanted is a tiny, young shoot from the next row or a fifteen foot maple, experts stress the aible, they say, transplanting should be done on a dull day or evening. Soak with water around the roots and press the soil firm-points mentioned. If at all possible, and especially with big plants, shrubs and trees, regular and heavy watering are advisable, at least until July, with nursery stock.
Moving a plant is something like an operation for a human being, and the larger the specimen the more necessary the attention. With shrubbery and trees, often main roots are cut and the shock is severe, Some pick-up in the way of quickly available commercial fertilizer will help at this time, merely a pinch for small things like tomato plants or asters, and perhaps up to a couple of handfuls for shrubs and trees.

.00
a,
i is the word to describe this remarkable It i• »heet music size, and has 221 pages of
Canada's Housoldiers know that custards and blancmanges, quickly and easily made with pure, high quality Canada Corn Starch, are a delight with any luncheon or dinner menu.
At this time when Canadian» are urged to “Eat Right to Feel Right' \ these delicious dessert» will prove s welcome addition to the nutrition food» featured by the National Food for Fitness Campaign. Follow Canada's Food Rules for Health and Fitness.

Mammoti
the world’s choice songs—truly a mammoth collection.
w
i



AMONG A HOST OF OTHER SONGS the book contains
a

C?o^A I
^.AMU,	.
/

Where Do We Co From Here! The Star SpanglM O, Canada I _
v
m a m *


Ave Maria ( Bach Gounod)

1
The I-oet Chord My Task
The Old Rugged Crow The Stranger of Galilee John Peel La Curaracha
Santa Lucia (Here in the Twilight)
Volga Boat Song
When Love U Kind
Home on the Range
The Band Played On
Down by The Old Mill Stream
I Don't Want to Play in Your Yard
CANADA
WORIÜ FAWC
) NOS

A product of tho CANADA STARCH COMPANY, Limited
»
Always Chasi K K K Katy Beautiful Heaven Cradle
I'm
Dolores!" Ho understood that Donna Elenora was chagrined; •he was given to feminine vanity in a high degree ; and her pretence of extreme youth would no longer hold water now that she had a grown-up daughter to, account for. "Must you wear clothes that make you look middle-aged ?"
Dolore s laugh tinkled an answer; the years of her absence had not helped her to forget her mother’s weakness.
"I'll go back to short skirts and socks," she offered. "You can tell everybody I’m your young sister. Don Mlckie’s brought me; and. Mother, I’ve met the most frightfully fascinating man in the world aboard the ship."
4 Do come along, Richard," entreated the elder lady’s voice. "What a stranger you are! Is there anything fresh?"
She was lolling in a hammock-chair, languidly waving a palm-leaf fan; a self-indulgent woman apt to pose as an invalid, though actually as strong as one of the wiry mustangs that roamed the inland plains.
"I’ve been too busy to go in for socialities, Donna Elenora," Dickie apologized, her silky hand at his lips. "I’m one of the few hard-working men in Central America. And the newest thing is this remarkable daughter of yours." Donna Elenora lifted heavy lids to consider him, as if a hitherto-unheard note in his voice surprised her. She looked at Dolores again; a slow smile stole over her face. She nodded. It would suit her plans admirably to have the girl married quickly and off her hands; and if she married Dick Higgins the match would be agreeable. Herself British, she wished her daughter to marry into the chosen race, having experienced something of the Spanish attitude towards its womenkind.
KING HIGGINS
I
Song (Brahms) of Love (LiebeetrwuO 1 Lore You Tnily I'll Sing Thee Songs of Araby just A-Wearyi»'For You Short'nin' Bread Who is Sylvia?
Beautiful Dreamer I Dream of Jranie with the U*t Brown Hair, etc., etc.
PLAY or SING Voice, Piano, Guitar
This wonderful book has everything imaginable between its covers—gem» from the great operas, concert songs, recital numbers, patriotic and war songs, sacred song% songs from the sunny south, Stephen Foster's immortal compositions, negro spirituals, children's songs, ballads, love songs, hymns and Christmas carols. The book also contains a choice selection of the best popular song choruses of the past quarter century. The exquisite piano settings are by Hugo Frey, world renowned editor anti arranger. Well printed on good paper—a colossal ml lection of great songs—the best yet. Marvellous value at St.00	~ r
i i
7}
By
CAPTAIN FRANK H. SHAW
f
CHAPTER IV
A MAN TO BE WATCHED
Higgln's car was at the Mole ? when he handed Dolores ashore; and she was quite willing to accept its convenience. Higgins had her driven to the formidable entrance to the Casa Falleiro; the city home of her family in a street near the Plaza Grande. He was anxious to make a definite impression on her. for, accustomed to quick* decisions as habit made him, he realized with inti easing force that the girl was a disturbing influence in a normally easy-going life; her sheer vivacious beauty had given him a jolt that surprised him.
“Come in and see Mother,” Dolores invited, as old Francisco, the door-keeper, undid the ponderous bolts of the grilled outer door. “Daddy said she had a migraine—as usual. But she always seemed to think you were her white-haired boy. if you remember.”
Francisco's face, brown and withered like a stale walnut shell, " registered incredulous amazement at sight of the girl’s sparkling loveliness; his mouth folded into a grin; he threw up his withered hands with a protest to the maints. Dolores gaily kissed him on both cheeks before pushing him aside to run into the patio. She called:
“ Mother, Mother; where are you?” From the profusion of oleanders, poinsettias, hibiscus and a score of other vivid tropical trees, a languid voice called:
“Here! Is that Dolores?” A fountain tinkled musically, and a cardinal began to whistle a definite tune—II Baccio. Higgins had given the identical bird to Dolores on her twelfth birthday, the year he took up duty in San Josef.
he remembers me!” the girl excitedly protested, and whistled back a stave of thp tune, before heading for the nook where Donna Elenora was established. Higgins held back to permit the reunion to be accomplished in private.
. * * $
“Dear me,” he heard in a querulous tone; “you’re terribly big,
M i
I 1
*
“ i
1
* M
GORDON V. THOMPSON LIMITED 193 Yonge St.,
Toronto
Dept. CN
ORDER FROM YOUR DEALER OR USE THIS SPECIAL ORDER COUPON
.copies Mammoth Song Book
Send
for which I enclose $
••••••
Name
#####**»#**«####**##***************
e # e
e # #
Address

• .....••••a........
HOURS OF ENJOYMENT FOR ALL
boilu) and mushed add butter, milk, salt and pepper; beat, being sure all lumps are removed.
Have the bake board ready cpv-tied with rolled crisp cornflakes. Shape potatoes into rolls about two inches in length dotting the ends into the rolled cornflakea. Place in rows on a slightly greased baking sheet. Heat in a moderate oven for 20 minutes before serving.
The potatoes will mix and roll better if cooled off to a temperature a little less than lukewarm.
Orange Fluff
2 tablespoons lemon juice
1	teaspoon grated orange rind % cup orange juice
4 tablespoons sugar*
2	egg yolks
2 egg white»
1 teaspoon gelatine hi cup cold water Mix lemon juice, rind, oranga juice, sugar and beaten egg yolk. If you like a jelly not too firm, but of a creamy consistency, fill up the two-thirds full cup of orange juice with water. Cook over boiling water stirring constantly, until mixture thicke Add gelatine soaked in cold water. Chill until mixture thickens slightly. Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites. Pile into serving dishes and chill. Four servings.
TABLE TALKS
SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Your Easter Dinner
Each week it seems just a little more difficult to prepare anything in new menus for company or oui seasonal festivities, however, 1 think almost everyone is taking a very sensible attitude. If we are requested to save food for out* armed forces and our allies and help to hasten the end of this horrible turmoil, then let us be about
it
Half The People Of Essen Removed
With this in mind I am writing you about your Easter dinner. It is simple and I hope within the limits of everyone's rationing.
Eaater Dinner
“You’d better come and dine to-night, Richard,” she invited. “We’ll ask in a few others—I’ve been neglectful; and we might go on somewhere and dance. The new orchestra they have at the Superb» is divine, they tell me.” For a woman afflicted with a stunning headache, as she claimed, she appeared keenly interested in dancing.
“Mailboat day’s my busy time,” apologized Dickie, wishing, none the less, that he had not invited Barker. “Any other evening, though.”
“Did you meet this fascinating frightfulness, Richard? Do tell me what he’s like. Fascinating men are so rare in San Josef; a woman has no temptations to be otherwise than loyal to her own home.”
“Yes, I met Lafallette.” Dickie’s manner was suddenly curt “Charming man. I expect he’s a big success—with women. • Now,
I must be off.” He refused the ) proffered refreshments, made his adieux, walked, with a slight feel ing of heaviness, towards the gate. He did not know for what reason that sudden starkness should afflict him; but there it was; as if the sparkle had gone from the champagne of life.
An estimated 300,000 persona, Chiefly women, children and men unable to work, have been removed from bomb-battered Essen to neighboring communities and
camps, according , to reports from Germany.
This Is approximately half the population of the great German arsenal, the reports said.
"That’s Dick
Baked Ham Potato Rolls Spinach with hard-cooked egg
Garnish
Salad of spring greens—endive, cress, onions, radish and lettuce
Orange Fluff
Beverage of Choice
Ham baked, boiled or broiled has always been a Canadian favorite, because of its flavor and juiciness. We are fortunate today in having a number of new processes of curing and smoking which adds a new zest to Ham and adds a new tenderness, juicineas and sweetness. The new processed hams really do not require the soaking before cooking, but if you wish soak one-half hour in cold water.
Give your ham a long slow baking, allowing 25 minutes for each pound. Fifteen minutes before serving remove the rind and spread with a coating of brown sugar (1 cup), 1 teaspoon of mustard and % teaspoon ginger. If you wish insert cloves diagonally and return to the oven for 15 minutes. The remainder of the ham may be used in many interesting ways during the week, sandwich fill, ham croquettes, etc.
Raisin Sauce
Raisin Sauce Pickled Beets
GOOD EATING NEWS



ISSUE No. 17—43
r:


M

Miee the inhere welcome* pe letter» from latereeted reader# She I# pleaeed to receive euggeet I on topic# for her column, and la always ready to listen to your "pe#
for reel
» pedal memo# are In order. Add
letter# to “MIm Sadie H.
Adelaide St* aelf-
wleh a


%

A
BRITISH WOMEN STOP HEADACHE BEFORE IT STOPS
>;y
1

m
peeve#." Request#
t

1
Chamber#, 73 West
Tomato." Scad
envelope If you
stamped
;
drrawed
reply.

ml
I
i
Z
THEM
Zy

V/i


¦ !
ÀiSjttSl

¦

i
Today, there’s a little white tablet that’s making a lot of difference to women throughout the whole British Isles. A recent British Government survey showed up these facts: that women, all over Britain, are counting on Aspirin tablets as one of the three most helpful drug items for maintaining health and morale.
Now that hundreds of thousands of women are working in war plants, doing men’s jobs in the factories, there’s no time to “give in” to headache, neuritic, or neuralgic pain. So when distress first starts _ women reach into their pocket-books, and take the tablet they know they can trust.
Aspirin has helped millions. It’s quick, effective, dependable . , • one of the safest analgesics known. So be sure you have Aspirin. It costs Am than ljt a tablet in the economy bottle. Aspirin is made in Canada, and “Aspirin” is the trademark of The Bayer Company, Limited. 1 f you don't see the Bayer cross on each tablet you’re not getting Aspirin.
P
Morning, noon or night, what could be sweeter than the heavenly aroma of All-Bran Maple Syrup Muffins perfuming the air that wends its way from the kitchen. The recipe makes its debut just in time to ring in a new run of maple syrup. You will find these muffins kind to your ration cards and very appealing to your palate.
All-Bran Maple Syrup Muffins
1	cup flour
2	teaspoons baking powder Mr teaspoon salt % teaspoon soda
see
Improve Your Health by Correcting Sluggish
2 tablespoons shortening % cup maple syrup
But before he reached the jealously guarded door—and Don Enrico religiously preserved the privacy of hie magnificent home —his arm was impulsively caught, he was swung about; Dolores was there, mischievous glints in her remarkable eyes. She grasped the lapels of his coat, without a hint of affectation, she lifted her glowing lips to his.
“Thanks for bringing me home,
\ cup raisins 1 cup water 4 or 5 cloves Vk cup brown sugar or corn syrup
1 teaspoon cornstarch hi teaspoon salt
Few grains pepper 1 tablespoon butter 1 tablespoon lemon juice 1 teaspoon of some meat sauce.
Cover raisins with water, add the cloves and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove the cloves. Add sugar, cornstarch, salt and pepper mixed together. . Stir until slightly thickened and add remaining ingredients.
1
egg
KIDNEYS
% cup milk
Beat shortening and syrup together; add egg and beat well Add milk and All-Bran; let soak until most of moisture is taken up. Sift dry ingredients together; add to first mixture stirring only until flour disappears. Fill greased muffin pans two-thirds full and bake in a moderately hot oven (400eF.) about 26 minutes.
Yield: 8 muffins (2% inches in diameter).
All-Bran Segarlesa Muffins
%, cup
1 cup flour % teaspoon salt 2% teaspoons baking powder
Blend shortening and sugar thoroughly; add egg and beat well. Stir in All-Bran and milk; let soak until most of moisture is taken up. Sift flour with salt and baking poi only until flour disappears. Fill full and
7ht Way n Swift, EconomicJ
Few conditions can wreck your health faster than disordered kidneys and inflamed bladder. Your back aches miserably. You have restless nights. Yoe suffer leg cramps and rheumatic pains. When these things happen your kidneys need help in filtering out adds and poisonous wastes that are undermining your health.
Give them this help—quickly—with GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules.
GOLD MEDAL Capsules contais accurately measured amounts of the original and genuine Haarlem Oil (Dutch Drops). You will be gratefully surprised at the way they relieve clogged kidneys and irritated bladder.
Go to your druggist now and get a 40c box. Be sure you ask for GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules.

• so
2 tablespoons shortening hi cup sugar* •
1 egg
1 cup All-Bran
pCCA
I F OINTMENT A
wder; add to first mixture and stir , greased muffin pans two-thirds bake in moderately hot oven (400eF.) about 30 minutes. Yield: 8 large muffins (3 inches in diameter) or 12 small muffins (2& inches in diameter).
*NOTE:—% cup corn syrup may be used instead of sugar if milk ia reduced to % cup.
Potato Rolls
< Boil the potatoes in the usual way for mashed potatoes. When
.Burns. Soit s Guts l !<
###PAGE###8###


















ESTABLISHED 1883

To Help Him NOW...and
When He Comes Home





COACH

I N VALID



<r>>-
*
GEO. HYNES & SON



DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
V' Shawville Oue.


Phone 80
fl y OUR SON (or your neighbor’s [/J son) is in battle dress perhaps / ... on a ship at sea, or flying a bomber. You are proud of him, but you pray for the time when he will be back home. You will do anything you can, you say, . . . everything you can .. . to bring him home safe, and bring him home soon.
• #
Well, here is one thing you can do. You can buy Victory Bonds.
When you buy Victory Bonds you help your boy to do the big job he is doing now. You help to make sure that he has everything he needs; better equipment than the enemy has. And you are saving money to have a better home for your boy to return to.
w
Step out Smartly for

Ve
)
x \
X
SPRING
I
J
i
A
>
W
In a new Suit or Topcoat
\
w
\s
AT
X
\
\

/

X'
%u
%
Men’s Suits S22.50 $30.00 and $35.00


m

I
>





/


V

Î

V
)4
ïï\
Mens and Young Kens Suits that will satisfy. Patterns and colors to suit the mO‘t exacting taste.


Wt
ai
i



%
X;

tv.

HAVE MONEY FOR HIM WHEN
HE COMES HOME
t

Topcoats $19.50	$22 50
m

<
ft)

\\


\\


m


«
L
In smart tweeds, garbardincs and covert cloths, well tailored in raglan tiy frnnts and Balmacan models.
He will want to work with new farm implements . . . new equipment... to replace things that may be worn out. He will have new ideas to improve the farm. He may want to experiment with new crops, new stock, new farming methods. He's young and ambitious as you want him to be.
He will need money to do things he plans to do. Victory Bonds ... money • saved now and loaned to Canada to help win the war ... will be yours and his to use when the war is over.

/

4


Z


%

%

Morgan Hats
S3.95 to $5.00
«
A

»
Z
V
X

\

Complete your Caster ensemble with n new bat i:i shades to
match ycur clothe-.
m-


i
\


ZV
U
vS
<<
>
fc
Agent for Renfrew Dry Cleaners
V
r
+

V
FMserS
m
SACK TK£ ATTACK
F
0
*
« -
Buy all the



%
N,ft.Horner’s old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE
V



Small Exhibit at Seed Fair
Tin; Seed Fair held in Simw* ville l*i-at Tuesday was very disappointing because of the small number of exhibits. However, a start has been made again in what was once a good annual event. This should be a good district for seed production and by boosting our local event we will have a chance of having the annual Ottawa Valley Seed Show at Shaw ville in our turn. Let us work for that !
The display of models of farm labor saving equipment in the Turner Building in charge of an officer from the Federal Depart ment of Agriculture was of special interest to both Indies and gentle men. even the children
The interest in this exhibit and the saving that may be rendered to formers by introducing these features of service on the tarm. ciused the officers of the savely plan to have the Exhibit at the Shavvville Fair. Sept- Id, 17 and IS.
R. W. HODGINS, Secretary,

Servies Announoements






Sunday, May 2nd,
I
? • <
? #4
57-4
Suawvillb United Church Rev A. F.-Pokes H. A., B.D. Pastor
you can
11 OO a. iii. — Communion Service at 8hawville
1.30	p. m—Service at Zion
3.30	p. ni.—Communion Service at Stark's Corners
WHAT IS A VICTORY BOND?
Picture Service at Shawville—Stories of Xehemiab. Jonah and Esther, screen
7 30 p. ni.
s
A VICTORY BOND is the promise of the Dominion of Canada to repay in cash the full face value of the Bond at the time stipulated, with "half-yearly interest at the rate of 3% per annum until maturity. A Victory Bond is the safest investment in Canada. The entire resources of the Dominion stand behind it. Canada has been issuing bonds for 75 years, and has never failed to pay every dollar of principal and interest. A Victory Bond is an asset more readily converted into cash than any other security.
Wear this emblem of Victory
Illustrated hymns on


ANGLICAN
Kkv. K. V. Bolton, BA., L.Th.
St. Pai l’s
Sunday School—10.00 a. m. Holy Communion Evening Prayer—7.3‘J p, m.
St. Lukes
Evening Prayer —3.00
National War Finance Committee
11.00 a. m.
Funeral of William McDonald

p. m.
4 ;

I
The funeral of Wm. McDonald, fourni dead at the Clarendon Hotel stable on Sunday morning. Apiil IS, was held Friday evening from the funeral parlours of Geo. Hynes & Son to St Paul's Church where service was conducted by the Hector Rev. K. C. Holton,
The chief mourners were the widow, the former Christina Flatters and seven children, and a elder son of the deceased's first family. Geo. McDonald, of Dacre.
Ont.
Interment was made in the parish cemetery.
Si
Clean Your Seed I
Keep your Buildings in repair with


North Clarendon Parish Rev. P, R. Stotk
i
in charge

Charterie
Gyp-roc Insul brie Masonite Donnaconna


Holy Communion—10,30 a, in. Greermount—
Evening Prayer-8.00 p. m. -Thorne Centre
Evening Prayer—7.30 p in.
Farmers intending to have grain cleaned are advised to have it done now. This will help us to give better service and avoid delays at seeding time.

. >


!

Asphalt Shingles
Clarendon Circuit
Uf.v. N. T. Holm eh. Pastor Service at Wesley—11.00 a. m. Service at Norman—3.00 p. m. Service at Yarm—8.00 p. m.
Roll Roofing Building Paper Lime and Cement

The Chick Season
X
Spare the Rod
“Spare the rod and spoil the child” is found in Butler’s Hudibras, Pt. ii, canto i, and numerous variations of it appear in other literary works, including the following : “They spare the rod and spoil the child," in Ralph Venning's Mysteries and Revelations; “As he spared his rod, he hated his child," in Aelfric’s Homilies; “Whoso spar-eth the spring spoileth his children," in William Langland’s Piers Plowman. In substance it appears several times in the Book of Proverbs, the nearest being (13:24), "He that wpareth his rod hateth his son." ;
- The chick season will soon be here# Inquire about the Purina Plan for raising chicks to big profitable pullets.
Flour, feeds and salt always on hand
at right prices
Rockwool Insulation
%

«

Bristol United Church Lay Miniate# Mr. Leslie Dean
Service at St. Andrews 2.30 p. m.—Service at Kn«ix
•Service a. Austin

;;



| The Hodgins Lumber Go-
11.00 a. ni.
8.00 p. m. -Sermon Subject
“A Study in Friendship*
, SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.



>
i *


I



r



1
