###PAGE###1###
/
PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER
M. 1041
SH AW VILLE

No. 27 ôOtîi Veau

British Prime Minister, Winston Churchill Arrives in Ottawa

i'iiH annual New Veir Supped
Haul’*
VlV.
and Knti‘1 tainnvvit ol St Church Ladies* (iuihts will be In-Id at the Theatre Hall New gear’s night. The play “Aunt Tithe Uoes to Town" will be presented following the stippet
Relax, Spread Out and Be Comfortable
Happier New Year for All

Prime Minister Winston Churchill arrived in the Capital on Monday morning and literally took* over the city, In turn, all of the people of Ottawa took the great British leaner to their hearts and accorded him a reception such as never before been extended to a visiting dignitary.
Ottawa ns cheered themselves hoarse as Mr. Churchill descended into their midst, and Mr. Churchill returned their cheers with broad smiles and appreciative gestures, with generous waves of his hand and his famous “ V ' for victory sign.
Crowds at Union Station broke through the police lines and gave a demonstration of spontaneous and acclaim that reached its when they crowded Mr. closely that he had to elbow his way to the car which waited for him, and a mounted police officer on a horse was forced to ride into the milling mass of 1minanity in ordei to clear the
wav,	, _
When the King and Queen visited Ottawa they received a Royal Welcome, but upon their arrival the ciowd kept their places. This morning the situa tion was slightly different. It wasn't royalty they were playing tribute to, but just a great man, and the people took advantage of his status as a commoner to get as close as possible.
He arrived on one of President Roosevelt’s private coaches and he was everything that Ottawa people had hoped he would be.
Accompanied by Prime Minister King, he stepped down from che train to he a target for some two* photographers on baggage Despite the biting cold, he took off his hat. spoke genially to the cameramen, waiting for a full two minutes to give everyone of them a fair chance.
“Get on with it boys ” he remarked. The Pi ime Minister was welcomed by Sir Shnldham Red-fern, Secretary of the Governor General, and members of the Dominion cabinet and Mayor Lewis were piesented by Prime Minister King before the party moved off towards the East door leading to the station concourse.
The stocky figure ot Winston j Churchill dominated the Canadian i scene on Tuesday afternoon a* I Britain** war time Prime Minister j brought a message to the pat Lament of Canada.
Despite the sharp, cold air with 1 the temperature around the zero
: bEEI'IEI
member ot the Fort Cou longe _ "Pcakei *.
Council, with whom he had lived
for the past 35 years. A nephew ,	. n .rv. .
Merton Mulligan, is secretary of, JJjCMel i). Allen Die^ a
the Fort Cou longe Municipal His Home in North Unslow
Corporation.	,	.	^ ,	.
Born in the Township of Vic The death occurred at ns home
toria. I)r. Mulligan obtained his in North Onslow on Sunday. Dec. medical degree from McGill Uni• 28th, of Michael D. Alien, in his
vet>ity in 1905 He practised in 81st year.	. ... . ...
North Bay, Ont , for live years be- Mi. Allen had been in ill health fore moving to Fort Coulonge for quite a long time. lie was where he practised until the time very well-known and highly re-of his death.	spected in the district where he
Of a retiring nature, l)r. Mulli- engaged in farming
Surviving are bis wife, the tor
Miss The cessa Joyce
Once again we wish to voice our appreciation of the co-operation received during the past from our friends in this community,
16,000 Turkeys Lost Their Heads To Feed Troops.
Ten thousand head-* have fallen tin*' Christmas to satisfy the »ppc* titen of Unimdian hoys in the arm ed forces.
The Department ot Munitions | Supply announced that it had •chased #17 tons of turkey for army camps
and naval establishments.
This large order, placed through the various district commissary
epresents an outlay ot than *40,000 for the meat portion alone of the Canadian soldiers* Christmas dinner.
with
year
We hope that everybody enjoyed Christmas and that all will have a Brighter and a
Happier New Year.
ALADDIN
THE EQUITY
am

pur
air force stations,
mmmm
MODERN
WHITE LIGHT
CHRISTMAS ARRIVALS
officers, i
PERSONAL MENTION
joy
mote
apex w Churchill
Among those who spent Cnri-t with relatives and friend*
so
Mis. Geo Like left this week to vi*it relatives at Sutton, Out,
Mrs. Jas. N. McCredie is visiting friend* and relatives in Ottawa this week.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Baugh are visiting hi* parents, the Rev. C, W. and Mr*. Baugh, at Lake field. Cue,
Mrs Clifford Ko I ford and daughters, Dorothy and Marion, spent the week end with relatives [in Ottawa.
Sgt. and Mrs. Carl R, Porter and little son, of Kingston, Ont., are visiting at the home of Mrs. Porter's parent*, Mr and Mrs. Welland Byron, at El inside.
Mr. and Mr*. Asa Smart. Mr. and Mrs. Orville Smart and Mr. Wellingtoii[Smart were in Ottawa on Tuesday afternoon to attend the funeral of Dr. Jno. B. Hollingsworth.
mas
in this district were
Uses 84 per cent air—only 6 per cent, oil Is absolutely safe—Can t explode
Yours for only $6.25
Early Train Each Monday
for the convenience ot a large number ot Pontiac people who have positions ill Ottawa, the régula*' Monday morning tram mus two hours earlier in order that these people, working in government positions, may reach Ottawa in time for their work. This change only applies to Monday morning, when the train 1* cine to leave Shawville at 0 01
The change was made in consideration oi a largely signed petition of government employees who wish to spend the week-end* at their home*. We teel, however, that the change will not he greatly appreciated hy students of the Shawville High School, living along the line west of Shawville.
From Montreal
Donald McRae Dr. R E. Dagg Norris Brough Miss Nell lnii*on Mrs. David Clarke Miss Amv D ihms Chester Premier# ast Dr. Wallace Hodgins Miss Marjorie Masson “ Beverley Masson Lac; Walter Reilly, R C. A. I
From Ottawa
Miss Reta McKay Marion Smyth 44 Lois G a ire tty
14 No rah Hodgins
4e Edna Hodgins “ Ethel Smart 14 Elaine Horner 14 Elsie Hodgins 44 Mabel McGuire Miss Phyllis Ilahms 44 Arlene Hodgins “ Edith Tug man 44 Mabel “
44 Velma “
44 Helma BretzlafT 44 Helen
44 Doreen Hodgins 44 Audrey Fill ford 44 En ne th Sinclair 44 Elaine McDowell Miss Margaret Hodgins Miss Evelyn Armstrong 44 Florian Brough, K N.
44 Helen McLean, and friend
Ruth Dunlop, Vancouver
Biesentlia) Donna
I
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
Estate C. J. Caldwell
i
?
score
trucks
WINTER SPECIALS
THE WEEK OF PRAYER
Ev^ry year in all the World the first full week is kept by all de* nominations of the Church a* the Week of Prayer. In most places interdenominational *ervices are held.
This year United Churches are uniting to observe this special week, which conies *o appropriately m the serious war time. l*rom lucidity
to Friday the services will be held each evening from ,.d0 to b M o'clock. There will be a different speaker erch evening: but the ministers of both ehurche* will be present at all services and have a part in them. The services will l>e held as follows : -
Tuesday night—United Church Wednesday night-St Paul s Thursday night -St. Pauls Friday night -United Church
All the community i* invited to attend these services.
Shawville Boys Arrive in England
Mr. (J. A. Howard received a cable from his youngest son, Beverley, who arrived safely in England. Beverley is a sergeant air gunner in the K. C. A. F.
the Anglican and
MEN’S WORK SWEATERS
Heavy Jumbo Knit— Just the kind wear under a smock.
to
Mr. ami Mr*. John A. Dean have received a cable from their son, Erne«t Dean, member ot the R. C. A. F , of his cafe arrival somewhere in England,
All sizes $1.95
1«k%VVW\\\\V
OVERALLS
A few old stock. Snag Proof, blue, red back cloth, fair weight, per pair $1.75
\V\%WV\VWWWN"v
BOYS WIND BREAKERS
Fancy twortone, made from heavy-weight cloth, zippers, $3.00 $3.50 and $4.50
\V\vvvs
Mrs. G. (
I daughter.
Mr. and
am
Mrs. H. Millar Sidney Hodgins Kenneth WaMi William McKinley Sgt. Ebert Horner Pte Man son Smith Mrs. Harold Walker Sgt. Douglas McDowell Lionel Hanna. R.C.N.V.R.
Mr. and Mrs Robt. Glasper Mr ami Mrs Gerald Grant Frederick Way. R (J.N.V.R Mrs. Harvey Westbrook and children
Mr. and Mrs. Win. Kirkpatrick
Dr. J. W. Mulligan Dies al Fort Conlonge
I
a*
Clarendon Woman's Institute
December meeting of the
Institute
Tht
Clarendon Women s
held at the home ot Mrs. >\ . H Harr, Shawville. There was attendance of eight membeis
ami two visitors.
The president,
Hodgins, conducted the meeting assisted by the secretary, Miss
Minerva Corrigan.
The roll call was answered by exchange of Christmas gilts.
tde to hold a social
From Other Places
was
Miss Edith Currie Mills, Dundee *• Amelia. Smart, Granby, Que. “ Miss Eleanor Chant, Toronto
Thetford
MEN’S SKI CAPS
an
Mrs. Harry
Warm and comfortable, good assortment of
Lucille Brough Mines
colors, 75c to $1.00
Hull
Zimmer-ling
“ Muriel “ Inez Swartz, Kitchener, Out Mrs, Walter Findlay and daughter Miss Marie, Fitzroy Harbour Mr. and Mrs. Wynn Dickson and children. West boro
Wicnifred Kiel, Toronto

an
gan had nevertheless made many friends in the town and his pas Mil g will be deeply regretted. He was a charter member of the Canadian Order of Foresters, in Fort Onu longe, and attended St. Andrew’s Presbyterian Church.
Unmarried, he is survived by two brothers, Howard, of Fort Con longe, and George of Pcterboro one sister, Mrs. Adams ot Lindsey, and several nephews and nieces.
Plan* were m evening to raise funds for the war
effort.	,	,
A donation of live dollars was
made to the Pontiac Ambulance
Fund, and Christmas greetings
sent to other branches and to
confined to their homes
; one son four daugh
HORSEHIDE MITTS
Full-welted, choppers thumb' splendid quality Good sizes.
mer
Irvin, in California ters, Mrs. Richard Steele, of Ottawa; Mrs, Stephen Bell, of Weir-stead, and the Misses Annie and Sadie, at home. One brother, Patrick, resides in North Onslow, and four sisters reside in United States and Western Canada.
The funeral was held on Tuesday morning from the late home to North Onslow Roman Catholic Church where mass was chanted by Rev. J. J. Sam mon, P. P Interment was made in the parish cemetery, the pall bearers —	j being, Messrs. Benedict Allen,
A lifelong resident of Postage Stephen Kelley. Clinton Steele, dn Fort, was removed by the death Lome Sloan, John and Mervin at her residence thereon Decern bet Bell.
0th of Mrs Elisha Beernan in her	- ,, „
($8th year. Although in tailing Ladies' Auxiliary St. Edward $ health for some time, her death	Bristol
¦as
üteüSBffS
Long Distauce Call. Set All-Time High Port Arthur. Ont ; and Mis. A «ne, 1 “^1 ^y H.Lcheo,i was' held at
SBIMEsk
Day last year.
Miss	....
Miss Freda Braniman, I erkenng Mr. Ferguson Mooi e, Pickering Alton Stark, Oshawa, Ontario Lieut .Melvin Hodgins, Cornwall Horace Hodgins, Port Arthur, Out. Dr. Cyril McDowell, Toronto Arthur Smyth, Nobel, Ontaiio Mr. and Mrs Hassell Currie Mills, Beloil Station. Que.
Jason Nicholas, South Porcupine Lloyd Stewart. South Porcupine Ac. Mahlon Wilson. IiCAF, Guelph Cecil Sinclair. Fitzroy Harbour Mrs. Gordon Bradley Three Rivers Mrs. Clarence Farrell, Sudbury Norval Kilgour, Calabogie, Out Ac Herb Wiekens, R.C.A.F. Moun tain View, Ontario Ac Lindsay Dale, R.C.A.F. Moan tain View
Ac Camevou Pa ton, R.C.A.F Trenton, Ontario
Ac Donald McDowell, R CAL., Guelph, Ontario ami Mrs A Huet, and soil, Kay, West Sheffield Que.
Pte. J. A. McMillion, Sussex, N. H Pte. H. A. Russell, Ci inwall, Ont. Pte. Louis Russell, Valleyfield Pte. Alfred Fanners, Petawawa Pte. Andrew Pirie, Cornwall, Ont, Ac George Baiber, R.C.A.F , Saim Thomas, Ontario Mrs. Thomas Bradley, Kurd ley Weber Whelan, Kitchener Miss Ruth Wilson Toronto, Ont
Per pair 98 cents,
were
those
through illness
Three quilt* are being made tor Red (
the
;ross

Dainty refreshments were serv ed by the hostess, assisted by hei daughter. Mrs Orville McBride

\
I
Mrs. Elisha Beeman Dies at Portage du Fort
Annual Pageant, Shawville United Church


I
%
%

The annual pageant of the Shawville United church was presented on Christmas night to a capacity audience in the auditor; inm of the church by members ot the Y. P. U. The opening mini her was a one act drama of modern life entitled, " A Christmas Warm ing and was skillfully presented by George Fades, Bob Hodgins, Clarence Dean and Mrs. Gordon
* It' was followed by a four net Christmas Fairy fantasy entitled, 11 Princess Christa belle the light* 4 and costuming of which was very beautiful. The title roll was played by Mona Tracey Ina McDowell, as Queen Venta, Ron aid Dean, as the king. Cameron Row at as the good musician, lvay Woodley, ns the wicked wiU- i Tarantella, and the good laines bv lient* Howard and Laura Woodley. Lesser parts were taken by Gilbert kilgour. as the High Chamberlain, Ami Campbell a9 a page and Alwyn Dale as a
8*Mr8.' Edgar Hodgins furnished
hh director. Prior to the program the ladies of the congregation served a bountiful a upper to many
fitMto*
'JML
1
*
%
4
!



Mi
$
t
We wish a
Happier New Year
for all our Friends and Patrons
ing


à
THE W. A. HODGINS STORE
Quebec
Shawville
m
?
nuetiug,
ion
>
###PAGE###2###
4 |
How Many Know Strength of Navy ?
RADIO REPORTER
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
First Down In First Snow
DIALING WITH DAVE:
on the emergency of the moment* One thing Is certain though groat many of the tlmelAsa r*«Jlç features of the Yuletlde season will again be broadcast: Dicken’t Christmas Carol — Special over» seas broadcasts — and other national and local features that form an Integral part of bringing Christmas and it's spirit to the nation. Again It will be your local station which will broadcast the many features that bring the Radio Christmas Spirit Into the homo I
Ona Munson, charming dramatic actress of stage, screen and radio, is widely heard In Canadian Radio. Each Wednesday night on the CBC network she co-stars with Edward G. Robinson in the "Rig Town” series, and with Gail Paige, shores
CHOC Sunday night Academy Award plays, broadcast at 9.30 D. S.T., immediately following Charlie McCarthy!
• • •
And as the Army directs by radio, so radio directs it's activities to entertain the army, the navy and air force. Many topflito shows are on tour, broadcasting their weekly stunt from many military The idea has caught on locally too — CHOC in Hamilton, broadcasts a half-hour section of an entertainment specially designed for the Army Trades School In Hamilton. Heard each Thursday evening at 8.30, and originating from th# Trades School, the program
talners and their acts, which are each week presented for the troops’ enjoyment during a two-hour Thursday evening period.
* * *
We do not know just what effect the spreading of the war will have on American commercial networks
Christmas week That depends up
Some Interesting Naval Data Given by the St. Thomas Tlmes-Journal
»
LESSON 26.
THE CHRISTIAN’S HOPE: Matt 16:31-46; John 14:1-6;	2 Cor.
6:1-10;	2 Tim. 4:68; I Peter
1:3-9; Rev. 22:1-5. .
PRINTED TEXT — John 14:1-6? Rev. 22:1-5.
GOLDEN TEXT—In My Father’s house are many mansions. John



The Royal Navy Is doing a Job that is one of the wonders of the world because It has to cover almost the entire seven seas with vastly less support than it had In the last war. This success is largely due to the greater use of types of small craft which were not employed during 1914-18, particularly the corvette, and fast, powerful rootnr and other mosquito boats doing patrol work. There hundreds of small ships which enjoy the dignity of being valuable units of His Majesty's Royal
m
the stellar roles In tho



14:2.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING.
The passage taken from Matthew belongs to a discourse spoken on Tuesday of Passion Week, April 4, A.D. 80; the one taken from John’s Gospel was spoken on Thursday night of the same week. The Second Epistle of Paul to the Church at Corinth was written about A.D. 69 or 60, while his Second Epistle to Timothy was written at the very end of his life, A.D. 66 or 66. The First Epistle of Peter was written about A.D. •0; the book of Revelation, A.D.
m
Tim

*


1150 Listening Tips:
A Women Speaks on W*u •— each Monday night at 8.30 D.&.T., preceded by CROC's feature quia show, What's On My Mind, i 0U to 8.30.
News — at all times — you get the latest news first, If you stay In tune with CHOC. CKOC Is nerved by the world-wide service of British United Press. Popular midday resume at 12.30 D.S.T. Is now heard by Public Address eyntem in Hamilton's huge Otis B'onmmi Plant.
Two most requested records of the week on the Hit Parade 1.80 Sundays, and The Swing Session dally 4.30 — Elmer's Tun% and Chatanooga Choo Choo. Both are Glen Miller waxing*.
I
SK,
are


centres


Navy.
Great Britain started off the present war with a serious inferiority In capital ships compared with the First Great War. In 1914 she assisted by the navies of
B

mt«


-
#0

m
was
France, Russia, Japan, and in April 1915, Italy joined in. In April 1917 the United States was added to the naval forces of the Allies. The French navy dropped out of the present war in June last year, and about the same time Italy was added against us. On the other hand Germany also began the war with less power than in 1914.
Comparative Losses The following table shows how small have been the losses of the Royal Navy during the first two of this war compared with

%
features the varied enter-
96
Place—The two discourses of Christ here used were uttered In Jerusalem. Paul wrote the Second Epistle to the Corinthians from Ephesus, and the Second Epistle of Timothy from Rome. We do not know from what city Peter wrote his First Epistle; all we know about the book of Revelation, as far as geography Is concerned, la that the visions were received on the Island of Patmos.
1.	"Let not your heart be troubled: believe in God, believe also In me.” The Lord comforts the deeciples with the sure hope that, though He must leave them, He and they shall meet again and He Intimates that He is the personal revelation of the Father.
2.	"In my Father’s house are ny mansions; if It were not so,
I would have told you." There are many mansions or dwelling places, there is room enough for all. Christ, tn His fairness, would not have invited them to a place In which there was not room for all. "For I go to prepare a place for yon." This is a beautiful way for our Lord to apeak of His exodus from this world.
8. "And If I go and prepare a place for you, I come again, and will receive you unto myself ; that where I am, there ye may be also." Just as Christ came down from glory once to do a epecific work. He will come again to do another ¦peciflc work. He wants ns to be with Him because He loves us.
4. “And whither I go, ye know the way. 6. Thomas saith unto him. Lord, we know not whither fhou goest; how krow we the way?” Jesus goes by the way In which He lived, a kind of life unmistakably pointing towards God aa source and goal. We conjecture where a man Is going by the life he lives.
I. "Jesus saith unto him, I am &e way and the truth, and the life." The way is a recognized name for Christianity. To know the truth la also to know the way to God. He la the life, being one with the living Father and being sent by Him. To know the life to to know the way to God. “No one someth unto the Father, but by me." The Apostle Paul constantly emphasizes the truth that we have access to the Father only through the Lord Jesus Christ.
1. "And he showed me a river of water of life bright as crystal, proceeding out of the throne of God and of the Lamb. 2. in the midst of the street thereof. And on this side of the river and on that was the tree of life, bearing twelve manna of fruits, yielding U» fruit every month:	and the
loaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations.” The river of water of life is a beautiful symbol of life in Its gladness, purity and activity, ever flowing through the heavenly city. As the water of the river is called the water of life, so the tree here seen with Its twelve fruits is called the tree of life, which of course reminds us of the Garden of Eden.
I. "And there shall be no curse any more: and the throne of God and of the Lamb shall be therein: and His servants shall serve Him;
4. and they shall see His face; and His name shall be on their Soreheads. 6. And there shall be might no more; and they need no light of lamp neither light of sun;
•or the Lord God shall give them tight: and they shall reign forever and ever.” Four things are •aid here about the children of God In their heavenly home: they will serve the Lamb they will behold His face, His name will be their foreheads, and they shall feign forever and ever. What does the text mean, that we shall reign forever and ever ? The whole universe to under the sovereign control of God. We have already seen that the earth will be peopled with mutions receiving blessing from
May this not refer, then, to our positions of authority over different parts of the Kingdom of God, corresponding to the words of Lord, when to the faithful the promise is made. "Well done, goo<!
d faithful servant:	thou bast
keen faithful over a few things, I will set thee over many things, enter thou into the Joy of the Lord.”











around the
especially


...

(Photo: Can. Nat l Rye.)
TN the first snow of the season at St Sauveur, noted winter sports center «I in the heart of the Laurentian Mountain district of Quebec, no skiier Is any too sure on her—or his—feet as witness the plight of the pretty young American visitor pictured above. However, it's lots of fun for everybody when the snows come to St Sauveur, home of famous ski Ml 70, which is annually host to thousands of United States winter sports fans.
OUR RADIO LOG
years the Inst one
Or
1914-1916 1939 1941
SHORT WAVS ft Ml	r.n*l*nd IJWm
C.SO ICajcInnd GSR K»*lnn«l 1
Raglmid tlJWei i.SF Ragland 15.14m f.Mi KnRln ml 17.7»*ni r.SI* Fag In ml 15.3! mi f.»»V l.’aglnnd 17.HI m FAN i: Ad RAN Il > K H \ W1
Wf:C. A krhem'rlndy
UU*m
WCAII rill In. 15.27m WHIT, llonlon I5.rr.iu W< IlX V. York 11 ,H.'tm
560k
CJKIi Klrkiind I CKCI1 Waterloo 14IH)k CK AC CKCO
CKGII Tlnimlne 1470k CKSO
CKI’O liront ford l.'tHOk
FKI-W CK W WIitKhnm IZIOk
IS. stations
w Fit it lluffelo 1510k W IIAM lloi'livnler llNOk W'I,W Clnrlnnnll 7<Hlk WI5Y Svkem-clndy HI Ok KI)K A ritlnhurKli 1020k WIIIIM W1IF.N WGIt WKRW W .III
TORONTO STATIONS CFRH NflOk, CHL 740k CKCL RHOk, CRY 1010k XETWOR KS
Itrd 000k lllue 770k SHOk 710k STATIONS 1400k
1
Battleships .... 10
Battle cruisers
Aircraft carriers None In use* 1 Cruisers
Destroyers ..... 24	63
Submarines The heavy losses in 1914-16 chiefly occurred In the battles of Coronel and Jutland and during the attempts to force the Dardanelles. Mines also accounted for a good many, Including the brand battleship Audacious in the
750k
1310k
Montrent
OIHiwn
1
?.c:
3
u.s
WRAP N.B.<
WJZ N.H.C.
WA1IC WOR
CANADIAN CFOS Owen S«1 CHOC Hamilton 1150k CIIMI. Hamilton CKTII St. Cath.
CFCF
CFCI1 North Hay 1250k CFCO CFPIi
cjcsH
CFItC Klnjffiton 1400k C.ÎIC Snnlt Ste. M. 1400k
9
700k
17
Smlliury
IC.H.S.)
(M.n.s.)
NOOfc
Windsor
Victory Army Told To Become Active
Not By A Little
Thing Like That
29
24
0.4Nm O.HOm 0(10 m 12.00 m IR.lNm
Spnln Spain Knanln Il ni*In It n*i»l ii
000k
1230k
600k
Montreal
Europe's “V for Victory" army, which has been estimated at 290,000,000, was told by “Col. Britton," radio originator of the campaign, to harass the Nazis, to switch from passive to active resistance in the German-occupied countries.
The time has come, he said over the BBC, for the army to form in small platoons to "help each other."
Ho also urged that factory workers lose their tools and that office workers muddle and miscalculate.
“The slower you work the quicker you'll win," he said.
Ellen Fletcher, 108, believed to be the oldest woman in Britain, died in Croydon Infirmary recently.
She outlived all her relatives and until three years ago drank a glass of beer daily.
Wrinkled and jovial, she always maintained a sense of humor. When a bomb struck the infirmary last winter, she remained calm, and, as she was led away over the bomb debris, quipped:
“Napoleon couldn't frighten my mother and this young fellow Hitler isn't going to frighten me."
7Mik 030 k 550 k
I lilvo*»
Ituffnlo Muffiilo Ituffnlo 1520k Detroit 700k
630k
1570k
1240k
Chatham
London
Stratford
new
Irish Sea.
Britain’s loss of 63 destroyers this time is offset, however, by the 60 old destroyers traded with the United States for naval bases.
And on this occasion Canada is making a wonderful contribution with around 250 ships. The number Is being added to weekly.
1
BOYS' ACTOR HERO
Answer to Previous Puzzle 19 Measure of
type.
22 Jabbers.
24	He was also s star.
25	Mother-of-pearl.
26	Artificial stream.
RR 28 His-------
was his partner.
29 Obese.
31 Dower property.
35 To honk.
38 Instrument
40	Delays.
41	Tree.
43 Bow of a boat 45 Female deer.
1	Spinning toy. 46 Passage.
2	Pertaining to 47 Sound of
inquiry.
48 Balsam.
50 Stocky* horse.
52	Membranous part.
53	South Carolina (abbr.).
54	Italian river.
13 Grain (abbr.) 5C Additional 15 Distinctive theory.
18 Book part.
HORIZONTAL
1,4 Actor in outdoor films 6 He was a great star in Western
12 Branch of knowledge.
14 Long inlet.
16 Amber-colored resin.
Î7 Fruit.
18 Material used in imitation gems.
20	To move about.
21	Neuter

u
Q A K[_JQ LTE B
ÀÎD I IE :UWD U
K
Sam’s Going Back
To Hill Country

NBY
0
N K
T
TREE
w*
E
E
s
TEjBHÔE
nj pSi m
50
¦PEUlEf -OAF *TÂ©
rnmm
Bam Cleland. 77-year-old prospector who drifted Into Wells, B.C. not long ago, after 12 years of solitude in the hills of wha he calls "Motmtaln Goat decided after getting an earful of the war news that he wouldn’t Ftay here any longer than neces*

#
horsé
f This Curious World
By William Ferguson
country
NINETY PER CENT OF THE TOTAL SALES OF FURS IN THE UNITED STATES ARE MADE UNDER OTHER NAMES THAN THE TRUE NAMES OF THE FUR. -
-----of a
maiden in distress.
39 God of love
41	Myself.
42	To drink
sary
"I’m going back to the hills where I belong,” he said time I come out, I may stay out. but not now. not now.”
Cleland. who was wounded at Vlmy Ridge in the First Great War and homesteaded in the Peace River country before taking to prospecting In the interior hills of British Columbia, said he couldn’t believe Britain and Germany were at war again.
"We licked those fellows years ago and you can’t tell me they are looking for more,” declared Cleland, who said he hadn't seen a fellow human since 1932.
Next
pronoun
22	Recompense. slowly.
23	Road (abbr.). 44 One in
military
VERTICAL


24	Cubic centimeter (abbr.).
25	Small horses. 49 Circle port. 27 Compass point 51 Molar.
52 Anything steeped.
30 Paid publicity. 53 Prying sneak 32 To act upon 55 Tiny.
56 Tomb cloths.
38
z
service. 48 Marine
z
in
a
IHIll
liii »
£1
oil


X
ri
i T,



3	Castle ditch.
4	Form of “I.
5	Roentgen rays.
6	Brains.
7	Credit (abbr.)
8	To pull.
9	Consumer.


%
f.
(abbr.). 29 Destiny
w

#
each other
33 Middle of the 58 He played the 10 Peels.
11 Finale
%

C
part of a or horseman
(PU.
59 He was always the
da:

3-* Weight allowance
36	Like.
37	Above.
message
(letters).
57 Senior (abbr.)
Can Write On It
Or Dress In It
a
irfurw
7 e y io
2
I
life,
m
THE LARSEST KNOWN STAR,
*-£PSILON AURKSAG,"
RECENTLY DISCOVERED, HAS A DIAMETER,
3,000 77MES GGEATE&.
THAN THAT OF THE
SUM
The Germans also have their campaign for economy in the use of paper, only they put in on rather different grounds from the British. Their slogan is ono that comes near to the heart. It Is in effect ’’Paper or Clothes?” As the "Zeitschrift fur offentliche WTrts-chaft” puts It: "Cellulose, the basis of paper production, only exists once, and we have the choice whether to write on it or to dress In It. By economizing in the use of paper exerybody can help to decide whether with the next clothing ration-card he or she is to obtain an extra pair of strings and material for another spring dress or working suit” The point of course, Is that the Cerman civilian is now clothed mainly in synthetic fibres, and such luxuries as wool, cotton, flax, and silk rarely come his way. The choice between wood pulp for paper and for clothes Is a real one.
16
a:
12
18
17
I?
-?0
- /.
s'
21
22
3


3
.1

[i
24
5
4 #
J-jo


2
r 130	31
UAPANCSÉT
x ~ t
GHERRV TREES
32
«33
»
,2«7fcf?uti4
x
BEAR NO FRU/T/
mm
34
36
THEY ARE PLANTED AS ORNAMENTS.
v
?
- ?
iSK^i
s8-
37
3
3? •
40
com iro «v nca mrvice. ino.
3
45 46
47
4*
THE discovery of the new giant star is no accident. It Is one of a pair of giant suns, and its discovery is the result of a 38-year starch, begun In 1899 by the late Professor Edwin Brant Frost, former director of Yerkes Observatory, and completed through the collaboration of three University of Chicago astronomers.
50
51
a

53
55
56
rr
*TXT: Is t^ere a special "brain food"?
JF"
-vemrt
POP—Smart Pup
By J. MILLAR WATT
WE- WORKS IT WIMSELF
WE'5 SO PLEASED WITW WIS GAS WELM&T-
i
z

( z
I
(
w.

V
u
\
I
â
h
r

IZ
A
'V,
jr
ïl #
tZ
v
K
vY*
Z
U
m
(
;c.


*7*1
!
S 1-4
guu 'ute. In
M<ir
			
###PAGE###3###
TABLE TALKS
Doctors Prescribe Embroidery Work
COMMANDS SECOND DIVISION
“All right then,” John called, “stay in there. I can say my piece from here just as well.” There was a muffled retort. “Listen Elliott, I’ve come up here to tell you, you can’t publish my book. Take it off your Spring list. It’s not my book anyway. It's a cheap lying version of what I wrote. You don’t believe in the book any of you. It isn’t something I dashed off in a hurry to make a few dollars. It’s an expression of the ideals and principles I live by. A man’s principles are his life. He’s got to keep them clean and pure.”
Julie had found her voice. “And what?” she demanded, “about keeping his wife’s name clean and pure?” .
“Elliott,” Nellie was calling, “Will you come out of that room ?”
John said
the he comes out or not. taking my hook and my principles and I’m going back to Baxter College with them. There at least all 1 have to do is bring psychology down to the level uf football playing gorillas. 1 do not have to expose myself to the world as a cheap,
Come o
was stalking out of the room.
But Julie simply stood there and howled, Tm not going anywhere.
in the list of things you were taking hack to Baxter, then. Go without me. Take your book and your ideals and your principles and go to Baxter.”
John glared at lier. Then after a long pause, he went to the door. “Very well, I’ll go on by myself. I'll see you at Baxter.” But suddenly on the porch he turned around. There was Nellie, looking like a bride.
“John, John,” she cried, wonderful.”
“What is?”
“Elliott and I. He finally let me in his room and we’ve just had a talk. He’s innocent. I believe it, I know it.”
“Of course lie’s inoncent,” John said moodily, “with that beard.”
Nellie was positively gurgling. “And John, we both owe you an apology. We were doubting your book for one silly minute. Elliott and I insist upon publishing it just as it was without changing one divine word.”
Where Is Your Beard?
John had been listening rather dubiously. Now he looked up. There was Elliott in the doorway.
“How do you feel old man?” Elliott asked joyously. “Has Nellie told you about the book?” He was grinning fom ear to ear. He was also clean shaven, His beard was gone!
John’s eyes narrowed into venomous slits. He wet his dry lips and suddenly spoke in a voice of thunder, “WHERE IS YOUR BEARD?” Elliott started nervously. Nellie looked her amazement.
DONE WITH YOUR BEARD?”
“I shaved it off.”
“WHY?” Without waiting for an answer, he rushed at Elliott. “I’m going to lick you Morgan. I'm going to beat that dissolute face of yours to a pulp.”
In a panic Elliott called. “Stop him Nellie. He’s gone mad.”
Now John sped off after the fleeting Elliott.
Julie rushed to the door. Her eyes were popping. Nellie explained. “John’s lun amuck.”
“About what?”
“Elliott’s beard. It’s off and It’s driven John crazy.
Julie digested that. Then a sweet ecstasy lighted up her face. “He's jealous.”
Captain Makepeace Liveright who had brought John and Nellie over, nodded sagely as John, having slowed down, stalked fbout in a perfect circle out in the clearing. “Comes from read in’ too many books. They rot out a man’s brain cells.”
“You shut up," Julie said. “You talk just like my mother.”
“It's makin’ me dizzy,” the captain complained. “Why do thev keep walkin’ around in a circle?”
“That’s the way they always walk,” Nellie told him.
Elliott was getting tired. He looked back and spoke plaintively. “This is kind of silly old man. Look, what’s my beard got to do with it? I’ve been on the verge of shaving it off many times.”
John’s laugh was unholy. “It must have been a pretty sudden decision my friend. What a giveaway. What a dead giveaway.”
. Elliott was agonized. “Giveaway of what? Julie,” he called, “what’s he talking about?”
Coyly, she said, “if you don’t mind Elliott, I’d rather stay out of this. It’s — it’s gone beyond the talking point.”
“Aim!” John yelped and was after his victim again with a fresh burst of speed. All at once an acorn went through the sole of his shoe. He leaped into the air, moving rather weirdly.
“Is the professor part Indian?” The captain asked.
“He’s a full blooded Apache,” Nellie said.
But Julie was happy. “John,” she called, “you’re just jealous, aren’t you?”
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Happy New Year To All!
H For Happinest V For Victory For 1942
The



English doctors are prescribing embroidery for soldiers with nervous trouble.
Knitting, explains Lady Smith-Dorrien, head of the Royal School of Needlework, is not enough to
take the mind off worry.
Many women have written to her complaining that they have knitted and-knitted- until they can knit no longer, and asking her for the best work to take up the entire attention.
To all of them Lady Smith-Dorrien recommends fine broidery, intricate and difficult work, which wholly occupies the mind.
The same principle is now being applied to the new methods in Britain’s wartime hospitals. Mere amusement is not enoughs the patient must be given an cupation that is difficult. . the needle, so long employed for putting something into him, is now being used, and with excellent results, in getting his worries out.
m

Feminine Touch


By FRANCES BARBOUR
SYNOPSIS
m
)
Julie Hathaway, though adoring her hui.mnd John, is chronically because he is scientifically
m.
Z
NEW YEAR’S DINNER MENU
Cranberry Juice Cocktail
Savoury Dressing
•4»
angry
incapable of jealousy. John quits his teaching position at Baxter College and goes to New York with Julie. There they meet the publishers, Elliott Morgan and Nelli* Woods who are putting out hi* book, “Jealousy in All Its Aspects.” Julie is plenty jealous when Nellie and John spend much time over revisions together. I hen one night, the ardent Elliott tries to trap Julie into a rendezvous. Next day she tells John and wants him to beat Elliott up. He refuses saying that jealousy is all wrong. To tench him a lesson she goes to Elliott’s island house unaware that in the meantime he and Nellie have decided to get married. But she has sent John a telegram and at Nellie’s urging# he is coming to the island. Now Elliott, furious because ho will be in wrong with
m

V
Roast Goose
rj

Apple Rings
Creamy Mashed Potatoes

em-

Glblet Gravy
(

f
Turnip Putt Mock Mincemeat Pie
Salted Almonds Beverage of Choice
CRANBERRY JUICE COCKTAIL
4 cups cranberries 4 cups water A cups granulated sugar Wash and pick over cranberries, then cook in water until all the skins pop open—about 10 minutes. Strain through a cloth. Bring the juice to boiling point, add sugar and boil two minutes. Serve cold.
A little lemon Juice may be added, or this cranberry juice may be poured over grapefruit sections, which have been prepared for sherbet glasses.
%
mm



*
Divinity Fudge

t




I
“I don’t care whe-
I’m
oo-
Thum
%
%
r
Jr

Gen. K. Stuart succeeded Gen. Crerar as chief of general staff.
Stork Very Busy
In United States
commercial racketeer. Julie we’re leaving.” He
V
Census bureau officials say the United States is experiencing the greatest boom in baby production since 1921.
Latest statistics show that the stork is making a new delivery every 14 seconds.
At that rate the stork is moving faster than the undertaker, who makes a call every 23 see-
Nellie, unsuccessfully tries to put Julie out, falls off a ladder and scorches his heard in the process.
CHAPTER SIX
(Conclusion)
When Weather Cold The Dessert Is Hot
TURNIP PUFF
1	pint	cooked	mashed	turnip
well drained
1	egg	slightly	beaten .
2	tablespoons butter % cup top milk
% teaspoon salt V* teaspoon pepper Add egg and other Ingredients to turnips and mix well Place in buttered casserole and bake 30 minutes at 375 degrees F.
APPLE	RINGS
Core nnpeeled	red apples	and
cut in slices about V* inch thick. Cook in thin sugar syrup 4 to I minutes. Drain and cool Place & cube of cranberry jelly on each slice and top with half a walnut Serve with the roast goose. MOCK MINCEMEAT PIE ltt cups seeded raisins 4 medium-sized tart apples Grated rind of 1 orange
“Ccr-
“Jealous?” he snorted, tainly not.”
“Forgive me,” Julie smiled.
“It’s just that now that I can this man’s face it so happens it revolts me that’s all. I intend to bash it to a pulp.”
I wasn’t even included
All right
By KATHARINE BAKER
see
It just wouldn’t be fall without rich and flavorsome steamed puddings for dessert occasionally. In fact, steamed puddings are so popular that many kitchens boast a complete steaming, outfit. If you haven’t one however, that stop you from serving hot puddings. A deep saucepan may be used, provided it has a tight cover. In the bottom of the saucepan place a rack on which to stand the molds. Old baking powder or coffee cans make excellent molds because of their tight-fitting covers. These should be thoroughly greased, filled one-half to two-thirds full of pudding mixture and placed on the rack. Have boiling water halfway up around molds. The saucepan should then be tightly covered. There should be enough water to last throughout the first hour of steaming. Later, if has to be added, it should be boiling water. The water should boll the entire time.
Here is the recipe for the grandest steamed pudding you ever tasted. Serve It hot with Sunshine Foamy Sauce or the traditional hard sauce if you prefer.
The weather still wasn’t very good the next morning but Julie couldn’t help crying into the coffee she was fixing should have made a. special effort to get here last night.
Elliott was still locked in his He had refused to come
Her Heart’s Desire
Incredulous, Elliott demanded, “Just because I shaved?”
nodded grimly, right to shave?" Elliott thought
he’d go crazy.
“Not under these circum-
Now, John had an
He tried to
Gosh, John
onds.
John “Haven’t I the
Provisional estimates show that
approximately 2,500,000 will be horn this year of a population of approximately 132,000,000. That represents about 1ST babies for every 10,000 persona this
don't let
babies
room.
out.
“It’s
But all at once the front door opined. Julie was thrilled. “John!” She rushed to him.
Passing by, Nellie said, “What do you do, collect husbands?” Thi n she hanged on Elliott’s door. “Come out you worm and come out talking.”
“I can explain everything,” Julie was saying happily to John. “I'm so glad you’re here, darling.”
He sort of put her aside. “I’m sure you can. And besides, your being here isn't important.” He too pounded on Elliott's door. “Come out of there. I want to talk to you.”
Julie gasped, dumbfounded. “It isn’t important!”
Now Elliott screamed, “I’m not coming out until everybody calms down.
hysterical.”
stances.”
acorn in each shoe, get rid of both at once by Jumping into the air and throwing his feet out.
year.
In 1937 the birth rate was 171 babies to every 10,000 persona. In 1938 it was 176, and in 1949»
a la Nijinsky.
Nellie nudged the Captain. “See whit I mean abut his being full-blooded?”
“I’ve had enough of this,” Elliott suddenly shouted. He rushed at John.
acorn out of his shoe, Elliott continued on past him, and crashed into a bush.
“Isn’t John brilliant?” Julie said
179.
Both the First Great War and the present crisis are partially responsible for the latest upswing in the birth rate, said Dr. Philip Hauser, the census bureau’s assistant chief statistician for popula-
Juice of 1 orange Vi cup cider or any fruit juice % cup sugar Vi teaspoon cinnamon Vi teaspoon cloves 2 Vi tablespoons finely rolled cracker crumb#
Cut the raisins Into pieces. Pare and slice apples. Combine
John bent to get the
idiots for
tion.
“The large crop of babies bom after the boys got back from the World War have now become old enough to have babies of their own,” Dr. Hauser says. 1 they are having them.”
any
admiringly.
But John was pretty sore. “Hit when my back is turned, eh 7 Pretty dirty.” He lunged after Elliott. The latter stepped aside by some miracle and John shot right into a tree. Breathing heavily, they both glared at each other.
It was at this moment that John and Elliott both got the idea at the same time. They
core
raisins and apples. Add orange rind, orange Juice and fruit Juice. Cover in saucepan and simmer
until apples are soft.
Stir and add sugar, spices and cracker crumbs, blending well. Sufficient for one. Nine inch pie shell. Bake with double crust as ordinary mincemeat pie.
“And
me
Bees Rationed
Everybody'* being too
STEAMED CHOCOLATE PUDDING
2 cups sifted cake flour 2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder
Vi teaspoon soda Vi teaspoon salt
Vi cup butter or other shortening
Vi cup sugar 1 egg, well beaten $ squares unsweetened chocolate
melted
France’s 75,000,000 honey bees have been put on food rations.
The Government has assigned 75 tons of sugar for the use of agriculturists in feeding their bees until the spring flowers bloom.
Authorities, fearing that fe^ mers might appropriate the sugar to their own use, have reserved the right to see that the bees de not go hungry.
EASY.TO-MAKE DOLL’S WARDROBE
same
dashed toward each other swinging their rights. Then they stopped short. With a tremendous crash their fists collided. They yelped with pain.
The Captain was really disgusted. “They got an eye like an eagle.”
There was a sound on the water. The Captain’s launch, manned by his assistant, was being readied. The girls had looked away. Suddenly, they heard two terrific blows.
They turned. There, spread eagled on the ground, out to the world, were Elliott and John.
Julie was really awed, goodness, they knocked each other out!”
A while later she was holding John’s head in her arms. Strangely enough, he seemed quite at peace with the world. But still there were words he had to speak. “You know Julie,” he said, “there’s something I should tell you. I’ve been thinking and I really believe, much as I hate to admit it ...”
She smiled at him. “Of course John, I knew you were jealous all the time.”
Yes, Julie was happy at long She had finally gotten her
a husband who
us
)W
perMiii
Ml»» Chamber» welco letter» from Interested read ere. 8fce U pleased to receive ¦¦ggeet’o»» on topic» for her column ami I* ready to H»tem t* goer “pet peeve». llequeete for recipe» er •pedal menu» are In order, Address your letter» to “Ml»» Sadie B. Chamber». 73 Weit Adelaide Street, Toronto.” Send «lumped, »elf-a«ldre»*e«f envelm.e If you wleh m reply
even
“WHAT HAVE YOU
^ m

1 cup milk
Sift flour once, measure, add baking powder, soda and salt, and gift together three times. Cream butter, add sugar gradually, and together thoroughly. Add and chocolate, beating until Add flour, alternately
AH English Mothers Now To Be Put On Diet Developed In Ontario
----—	a.. " —
30/6

cream
egg


smooth.
wltli milk, a small amount at a time, beating well after each addition. Turn Into greased mold, filling 2/3 full, cover tightly and 2 hours. Serve hot with Sunshine Foamy Sauce. Garnish with whipped cream, if desired.
Vj
¦3


“My
m
steam
Expert Has Eyes Opened by System at Hospital For Sick Children
INFANT DEATHS CUT
$200,000.00 per year, if fees were charged. Their skill, acquired through many years of active work with the most difficult typo of "problem" cases, cannot be measured 1» dollars and cents—it is priceless.
The Hospital for Sick Children Is operated for but one main purpose— to give the children of those in humble circumstances the same chance for health and happiness as the children of parents who can afford the full cost of hospital care and medical attention.
And, to be effective, medical treatment and hospital care must be given at the time when it is most needed. There can be no second chance for many neglected children. Chronie disease, life-long disfigurement, deformity made permanent. and DEATH—these are the undeserved penalties which neglect inflicts oa such little ones.
That is why, regardless of rao* creed or financial circumstance* children from every part of Ontarie are given medical and hospital treatment up to—and often beyond—the normal capacity of The Hospital for Sick Children.
Operating costs are among the lowest in North America for institutions of similar type—so low that this Hospital's efficient operating method has been cited as an example on many occasions when hospitalization costs have been under discussion.
In The Hospital for Sick Childr less than five per cent, of the patients are in private wards. These are the only ones able to pay the full cost of their care. This means that 414 of the 434 beds are in Public Wards where the cost per patient is approximately $1.25 per day more than the combined income from parents (or their municipalities) plus the Government grant
That is why each year at Christmas time, the Hospital appeals to the charity of generous citizens and business firms for donations to meet its un* avoidable deficit This year, eves $82,000.00 must be raised.
No help is received from the Toronto Federation for Community Service as patients are taken from all over the province.
Gifts should be mailed to the Appeal Secretary, The Hospital for Sick Children, 67 College street Toronto,
There Is dire necessity behind this appe. l for help—little children depend on It for their chance for hoaltik

%¦ '
13
Serves 10.
i

SUNSHINE FOAMY SAUCE
% cup brown sugar, firmly packed
1 egg yolk, unbeaten
Dash <xf salt
1 egg white, unbeaten % cup cream, whipped ys teaspoon vanilla.
Sift sugar. Add V% of sugar to egg yolk and beat until light. Add salt to egg white and beat until foamy throughout. Add remaining sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating after each addition until sugar is blended then beat until stiff. Combine egg yolk and egg white mixtures. Fold In whipped cream and vanilla. Makes 1% cups sauce.
2 ÿ
During his recent visit to Canada. Sir Wilson Jameson, chief medical officer of the British Ministry of Health, stated that immediately upon his return to England he would be putting all expectant mothers in Britain on the diet which has been worked out by The Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto.
Sir Wilson said that he had learned much in the few days of his visit to Canada about "things which I hope to take back and put Into immediate operation."
"Here is one example of what 1 mean, having to do with the all-important subject of nutrition, which will I am confident, assist us to win the war. Work has been going on here, In which, by perfectly simple adjustments in the diet of expectant mothers, you have reduced what we have hitherto considered to be unmanageable deaths of infants under one month of age.
"The work has been done here through your magnificent children's hospital. I'm going to put it into effect at home. I’m going to go back and do it at once. I'm sure that this extremely valuable work being done in Toronto will be of great help to us. We’ve done what we could but we didn’t think of this."
Some Idea of the Immense value and wide scope of the work of The Hospital for Sick Children may be formed by considering the fact that during the past year alone, over 9,006 sick and crippled children were gi treatment In the Public Wards, while the Out-Patient Department handled over 73,000 visits from suffering little ones.
Unlike most other hospitals, this great Institution has no large group of Private Ward beds from which to draw extra revenue which can be applied to Public Ward service. At present 414 of the 434 beds are in the Public Wards.
In these Public Wards, over 80 doctors give their services without charge. The time donated free by this group of doctors, which includes many of Canada's leading child-specialists, has been estimated on • conservative basis to be worth at least

<
8831
Pa
\


*•

A
<
I &
vflfïS
/

U
0
last.
heart's desire could be normal and jealous just like all the other men In the world.

%
://¦
THE END.
For A Merry Christmas
By Louise Lennox
Pay Merry Christmas to the little girl on your list with this easy-to-mnke wardrobe for her doll! The clothes are just as smart and up-to-the-minute as her
A suit, a blouse, a
even a Make
BATS FOR BRITISH
! I ‘Lessons In Love'

When a New York Glamor Girl Tries To Tame An Indian.


:
by
&
own are.
Jumper, a pinafore—yes,
are included.
JERRY BRONDFIELD Beginning Next Week
beanie
them out of scraps from your work-basket and see how economical such a lovely gift can be! You'll have almost as much fun sowing them as she will have playing with them. L your pattern now, and have them all ready for the big day !
Style No. 8076 is designed for |4,	16, 18 and 20-inch dolls.
Blouse requires % yard of 35-inch fabric; suspender skirt, U yard; ¦kirt, jacket and beanie of fabric, % yard; pinafore, H yard. Order by size.
Send twenty cents (20c), (coin la "preferred) for pattern to Room 481, 78 Adelaide St West, Toronto. Writ# plainly your name, address and style number. Be sure to state size you wish.
“No Separates”
The other day (writes a correspondent in the Liverpool Post) I aaw a notice printed on a fish and chip shop window which aroused my curiosity. I read am follows: “No separates from today.”
Wondering what special brand of food was being withdrawn from the public I asked a boy who was coming out of the shop with a parcel what it meant, he replied, “you have go. to have your fish and chips in one piece of paper and not separated. They are short of paper.”
So send for
/
New York tenement youngsters made these cricket bats and more as Christinas presents for British refugee children now in this country. Nick Rinaldi, 10, thinks it’s a swell idea.
one
“It moans"
ISSUE 52—'41

B

¦
###PAGE###4###
!
*

GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE

New Fishing Incuslry Possitle
THE EQUITY
of the Brewing Industry's Position in Quebec,
Tuna fishing in Australia lias been noted chiefly for the exploits of the Zane Grey type, but th *re arc now possibilities of a valuable industry beir g established.
After studying the fishing industry in the United States, D. W. Bingham has returned to report to the Fisheries Division of the Commonwealth Research Department
ry could be established for about $ 500, 000. One boat, which would c^st about $ 150,000 would mean an industry of S 1,575,000 a season.
“ Australians are not natural fisher he said
This is One of a Series of Factual Presentations
Shawville, December 31 1941
Corner Bank ard Sorrerset Streets
Ottawa Ontario
Tbi* old reliable school has removed to large and finer premises The finest and imohI modern in Ontario Attend a school with an established reputation Open all year.
ëÊà
HIS MAJESTY’S CHRISTMAS
MESSAGE
Canadian Press Report
SK
He said that the indust
>»	<L>; *
B ¦'! I
The King, delivering his third wartime Christmas broadcast to the Empire and the world, told the British peoples men--Christmas day that they would win shown the war through the spirit of sacrifice about $ 5,000 a year in America, would
>« —h. a. .w .- LSzzJâz,
time His Majesty urged the joung to I easily handle the canning of the Tuna train themselves to perform the tasks of
¦MU
c
W. t. COWUMC President
H. W. BRAITHWMlTfc Principal
and they must he Slav fishermen, who earned
on
The Brewing Industry’s Contribution
to the Community
JAMES A. MILLAR
B A. L. L L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER,
129 Main St.,Hull, Que,
At Moyle'e[Hotel, Campbell'» Bay every Wednesday
etc
the itost war years of peace
The King dwelt at length on the Canadian-Made Tin Cans absence of friends and relatives from | Aid Desert Warfare celebrations of this Christmas, necessi-
I % MX £
hollowing is the text o t **1 I crate upon ciate of oblong, stone colour? .hi.t million, of JW* I
.n all parts of the world are hsten ngto I jta, fl|)jd?_ gaso|ine and oi| fnr the
me now. trom my own	C thirsty machines of war, and life-giving
Queen and my children beside me, I water f lbe men wlm iive and fight on
send to all a Christmas greeting.	1
Christmas is a festival of the home, i ^hesa tiny “ tank'd” of war are turned
It is right that we should remember lut at the rate of 1,000 a day and are
those who this year must spend it away lde according to the m0st rigid
from home.	specifications. One of theee specifiea-
1 am thinking, as I speak of the¦	n L-on9 is perfect camouflage, for what
who have come from afar, sUnding read> better	t could tbere be oo the
to defend the old homeland--of men ^esert tban a shjny tin can in the hands
MTë&ZwSÆZB'"" «*«»' * w,,.....
such valor and devotion by sea, land and in the air.
All these separations are part of the hard sacrifice which this war demands.
It may well be that it will call for even greater sacrifices. If this is to be, let face them cheerfully together. I think of you, my peoples, as one great family. For that is how we are learning to live. We all belong to each other.
We all need each other. It is in serving each other and in sacrificing for our
good that we are finding our
In addition to its importance in the fiscal set-up of the community the Brewing Industry's greatest contribution to public welfare is made through its product . . . beer. Beer embraces ales, lager, porter and stout, each essentially the same but varying in body, appearance and flavour. This contribution is social because beer unquestionably contributes to the temperance and sobriety of the community.
Beer fills a need when friends foregather just as does tea, coffee or any other beverage, many of which might be condemned by extremists because they contain harmful drugs. It discourages excess and is a substitute for more harmful indulgence, thereby of itself promoting temperance.*
Chemically, according to eminent medical opinion, beer provides the community with its purest beverage, devoid of harmful elements.
Beer, under any of its names, brewed and distributed by reputable organizations, is an essential to the community and is always regarded as such by those who weigh matters sanely and without prejudice.
morning
At RontiecHouee,Shawville
Wednesday at Noon
Dr. F. W. MARTIN
Surgeon Dentist
C. T. Paul's Building, Main Street
Phone 119
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
:
the desert sands

h
HARLAND C. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.

-
paint is baked on the cans in one min-The finish is dull an:1 reflects no light whatsoever.

ute
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C
Australians Are Among
World’s Bashful People |
The name Australia means “South Land” or “Land of the South.” Among the six continents it was |# last to be reached by white men , Three hundred and thirty-six years ago, a Spaniard named De Torres passed near the northern coast of Australia, but it seemed that no landing was made.
A few months later a number of Dutch sailors went ashore in Australia, but they were met by natives | who rushed to attack them sailors went back to their ship, then sailed on.
Advocate Barrister. Solicitor, etc;
Campbell's H<>. Quebec (In Lawn Block)
us
*“I have never in my 40 years as a physician — at large hospitals in Philadelphia and in charge of the alcoholic ward of the city hospital over a period of years, and as a practitioner of
I have never seen a beer alcoholic
( >m« >:
*v
medicine
. . . it is not an intoxicating beverage."
Dr. Alfred Stengel,
Vice-President. University of Pennsylvania
<
common true life
In that spirit we will win the war. And in the same spirit we shall win for the world after the war, true, lasting
•>.
DONAT Le GUERRIER Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
>
Brewers Industrial Foundation of Canada
peace.
The greatness of any nation is in the
So it always has Si» it shall
1
t Quyon ; will call any Monday cm ru|i:c*t
MatUrs dealt with I ) coriespondanco
spirit of its people baen since history began be with us.
The range of the tremendous conflict is ever widening. It now extends to the
Truly, it is a stern and But as the war widens,

The

**Education in its broadest sense has a greater part to play j in creating a sober nation than lias legislative enactment.** J
[
t
Other Dutch vessels visited the continent in later years and for a time it was known as “New Holland.” The Dutch, however, did net care much for either the climate or the people. They were more interested in the islands of the East Indies.
An English sea captain. William Dampier, visited Australia in 1688. Train yourselves, body, mind and Exactly 100 years later a party of spirit, so as to be ready for whatever British colonists came and settled part you may be called on to play and there. They were followed by many for the tasks which will await you as others, and at the present time the citizens of the Empire when the war i° population is just about 7,000,000.
Australia has been called “a white man’s continent” and it is almost entirely that. Yet Australia does .have people with dark skins. They were there when the first explorers and settlers came, and they are there today.
The natives are called “blackfcl-lows,” and have proved interesting. They are among the most backward people ever found anywhere.
Pacific ocean solemn time, so surely our conviction deepens of the greatness of our cause. .
We who belong to the present generation must bear the brunt of the struggle and I would sry to the coming generation of boys and girls of today—the men and women of tomorrow :
Z
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT - BARRISTER
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proufoot'd Ilote Campbell's Bay e v e i y Tuesd a y at N c r r..
\t Pontiac House Shaw ville every Tuesday Evening

*
Cemetery Donations
i
CEMETERY MEMORIALS

Dr. D. J. Campbell, treat)surer of the Village Cemetery Improvement Fund, acknowledges with thanks the following donations :—
Previously acknowledged 1Î Hodgins, Calgary ..
Dr McGuire............
Mrs. T. A, Eh des....
*•

We have received a shipment of granite and n.aible memorials be foie pliers h.created and as result we can offer these to the public at the old prices.
Phone, 278

D. J. CAMPBELL
104 02 2 00 x ( ci x ou
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
I
over
We must allvofder and younger, re solve that, having been entrusted with no great a cause, then at whatever cost, Ood ' nelping ns, we will not falter or Make yourselves ready in your home and school to give and to offer your very best.
We are coming to the e id of another hard fought year.
During these months our people have been through many trials and in the true humility which goes hand in hand with valor, have learned once again to look for strength in God alone bid you all, be strong and of good cour
Fhoi3i (
Mrs. A. A. Hose, treasurer < f the Austin Cemetery Fund, acknowledges with thanks the following donations i'll any Palmer......
Mrs. Julia Sheppard Mrs. Henry Olmstead Mrs. Pearl Bowden..
Fred McCagg........
Miss Mary Little. . .
Ir. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL. QUE. PLVEAU 63 8 8
fail
I
$ 2 00
I
1 «

I
1 00
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS
248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
1 .pc
1 00
1 00
/
I


FOR SALE
So I
6
Training Dog Easy When
Confidence Is Gained
All dogs are blessed with natural intelligence and are not hard to train. Of course, as in everything else, the would-be trainer must start the right way. This unfortunately is not always done and the result is that the puppy is thrown to one side and labeled “brainless,” whereas, if a trainer would only take the trouble first to gain the confidence of a puppy before attempting any method of teaching, there would not be so many so-called dumbbells.
0%. WALLACE J.W.HOOCINS
1 tube Philco Battery radio, good condition, also one kitchen cabinet.
Apply to
MBS. KARL FINDLAY
Bristol, Que.
I

age
I
Go forward inter this coining year f with good heart. Lift tin your hearts with thankfulness for deliverance from dangers in the past. Lift up your hearts in confident hop® that strength will be given us to overcome whatever perils may lie ahead until victory is won.
If skies before us are . till dark and threatening, there are stars to guide us on our way. Never did heroism shine more brightly than it does now, nor sacrifice or sympathy, nor neighbourly kindness.
And with thorn, the brightest of all stars is our faith in God. These stars
we will follow w'tli His help until light	.	.	.
shall shine and darkness shall collapse. ,	first and most impoitant step
in the training. The timid and nervous type requires gres»t care. One must understand a puppy of this nature much more thoroughly than
Canada Begins to Grow Cranberries that of the more aggressive and
. „ . fearless type, and a wrong move * J * during the training of a timid puppy may result in complete and permanent failure very human, many people will admit trainer would lose sight of the fact that he is training an animal and train it more as a child, he would meet with satisfactory results because the two methods of training arc more or less identical.
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1 224 St.Catherine Street West
DALE’S TINSHOP
-a
-
sl
MONTREAL, QUE
B-IAIR 3257
IN MEMORIAM
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
'
—o—
ÎIuiHiixs —In loving mommy of our beloved lm^band and father, Lyman C, Hodgii.s who died December 23. 1940,
Snort ai.d sudden was the call.
Of one so dearly loved by all.
, The blow v as great, the shock severe.
Gaining the puppy’s confidence is |	\\> 1 j11»e thought his death was near:
And only those who love can tell.
The pain of not saying a la.-t farewell. Sadly missed by wife and family,
9
H K. NtILSON, M.D.
A GREAT BAKER ANDA GRAND HEATER-
1 >

Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat
SPECIALIST


»
MZDtCALARTS BUILDRG
Oval
a
a
C9AI&WOOD RANGE
a
i
ONT
OTTAWA
a
a
May God Mess you every one
FHCNE, 2-7961
i
a

a
<
Ita wonderful working qualities and attractive appearance have made the Findlay Oval a favourite in thousands of Canadian homes. Available in thre-sires. Large oven. Large, fast-heating reservoir. See it today!


Z*
PUBLIC NOTICE
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA, ONTARIO
ami

o—
T'
Province oj Quebec Municipality of Clarendon PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given
that a meeting of the ratepayers and resident householders of the above named Municipality, will be held in Hynes Hall on Wednesday, the 14th day of January, 1942, at the hour of 10* o’clock in the morning, to proceed with the nomination of three Council h'tM in the room and stead of Messrs. Ira Jl-inna, James Judd arid James Whek n whose term of < Mice will then have expired.
Fbciuld there be no more than three on the nomination paper* at the

Canada's first cranberry plantation at Lemieux, Nuclei County, Quebec, is expected to yield its first crop in >043, according to nn article by John
RobUsiik i O H Ova!
rg

After all, dogs are more human than
If the
i n if I
i

*
SCIENTIFIC EÏE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists on all visual and muscular eye defects
T, T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollim,
Reg. Optmetrist

the December i#aue of Representing an invest-nm.ii. « t some $100,900 the undertaking Wdi*i begun in the spring of 1938 by Edgar Larocque. Canada now imports about $ 500,000 worth of cranberries annually from the United Stales, hut by 1953 it is expected that a large f-erventage of Canada's present consumption will be produced domestically The first requirement f«>r the cul
ü
Reg. Optometrist
/ ^

One must first gain the confidence of a child if the best results are to be obtained. Dug training is based on this same principle. Of course, many people lack the necessary qualifications to become trainers, such qualifications as proper understanding and sympathy. These are most important factors. Without them one would only meet failure and ruin what might have been a really high-class trained dog, and it is not so much what we teach but the manner in which we teach it that counts
Gordon T. Paul N SU RANGE
AN APPRECIATION
President Signs Huge Arms Measure
McKee, Que., live. 27, I fill Editor of the Equity :
We, die members of the Ladies’ the bill carrying # 10,077,OCX',(XO in Auxiliary of tit. Edwards Parish wish appropriations and contract authority to expend the already huge production
The

u-
nauies
hour of 12 o’clock noon, an election will be b"Id in the same hall on Monday the 19th day ofJanuary 1942 commencing at h nVhn-k a. m. and continuing to (î o'clock p m.
Given at Sh«vvville this 27th day of llecemher 1941.
ti vat ion of cranberries ip water and Mr. Larocque has built channels from nearby Luke Son lard mid can fio«#d bin land in two hours should the need arise. Flooding kills insect pest a but doe* not hurt the cranberries are destroyed with a spray of fuel oil and salt brine and needs are kept down by a thin coaling of maud over the dark loam in which the phnta are rooted.
KKI-tiK.sKNTINC. COM1 'AN1KB
Strong
Experienced
Dcpcmdaole Through Generations
President Rf^evelt signed into law
to extend to you our i hrmks for your kindlier in puhlislunr the reports of our meeting* during th- past year and I U > wish to extend to you all the blew ings of the New Year.
program for the army and rmv measure provides fund* fur huge in creases in ordnance equipment, erseotia! supplie* for an army of 2,(K»0,OOQ men ? nd funds and contract authority f«u $00 naval patrol ve^<*U.
Parasitic, plants
>
Gratefully yours,
Be drive Martin,
Secretary
,L A l>KkX,
Be?. Treasurer Municipality ut Claivnd' n

SHAWVILLE - QUE.
###PAGE###5###
]

I
z
PRESENTS
0
\
p«±1
R
Mi
r
: #,
%
r
194»
€f, «
» ako tootie '
*uixmk; CLOS<f HEATED »f . WEALED EWUef
1
A
>•
I
H

t
i
KM*' TiVEA
•J>t CO*XM|XT
JHAAEtS!
\

#
I

1
'
r
/
i


iOtASV TO . KEEP CLEAN

n.

1
<5


AN» HEAPS OF HOfi WAT**! S6AUOH1 UPOWMi «ES*
_______vo* with tip-.
yPB down faucet-t t	WILL NOT KUSTf
#
A
r---

AJI!
m
\%
1 m
TNOCtATIS • WOC 9 0> TOAL - WITH END UN NO N AU MOOSIS'
: J|
F
3
H fe-
,4
%
/
e

r
K %
We wish to thank our friends for the confidence they have placed in us since taking over this business, and we hope that we may have the pleasure of serving you
during 1942.
May you have a Brighter and Happier New Year,
¦i
m triAT A
wetl wavy

A
r
&V.6* $TUL
WSUE» *«0
IMCCO-
!
'A#/
NO MO«e 64#NT KANOS! AU. NANOUS TOUCH CCXXMM'' lire AMOCHAOMiUM«Orttn-
MIUM ONeNTNeWMCMCTOt
Tool
I
wsu
1
Here's RenfrewV ev.e.it range produced crxlateness so long exclusive to city kitchens, to prove that the ara» kitchen can be A variety of models modern as well a
with or without
!
icient. Here's beauty reservoir r»s . plus details of finishes.
. high closet or shelf two-tone. Highlighted all-poree-"... or ivory enamel pane*»
two
clcK...-n
construction that ina<c vour cooking easier, lain iw-ry enamel your beating problem simpler The sturdi- with nickel trim end frames, ness and - nokin g qualities of the Renfrew The Vanity . . . like all Renfrew product# Acorn and Cook-Rite are built into the new . . is brought to you by the Renfrew Vanity• . with the added thrill of an up- in your neighborhood.
grace
Af-^O MANUFACTURERS OF ACORN, COOK RITE AND ROYAL RANGER % * CREAM SEPARATORS, WASHING MACHINES, TRUCK SCALES •
Time Marches On
i)
«
LEO R. KEON


DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE
McKee - Quebec
___ , , ^~^s7/ne fêfof/ind and	«
TT vitiberaas/ierij far men ami bons /
Frasers
<*A. a.fraser 6.. SON L /
“"arch of Time” is bringing us
The
to a close of another year which has been most eventful, and unexpected situations have been occurring with astounding rapidity.

B
Buy War Certificates
Regularly
!
N, R.Horner’s old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE
Si
\
6
New and strange pages ot history are being daily written.
s
*SXSXS3MXS%36SXSMXX3fc.
imvv
I
i
Doctor Prescribes ‘Lots
Of Whisky’ for Patient
In artery ailments, such a= arteriosclerosis or Buerger's disease, patients are often attacked b> muscular weakness so severe that the;* legs buckle under them up the muscles, doctors try to send a large supply of blood to the 1res For this they give drugs to expara the blood vessels, injections of sa t solution, or even cut certain tracts
l
For Colds and that run down feeling
This Store has also made history since its establishment here by the steady increase in business, the loyalty and co-operation of our customers, and their good-will.
On account of the anxiety in many homes the usual wish of “ A Happy New Year” would seem a bit out of place, but please be assured of my Best Wishes to you and yours in days that are to come.
The Hodgins Lumber Co.

8
il
To tort-
try
1 SLAB WOOD
l
Wampole’s
Extract Cod Liver
i
?
We are now ready to deliver
in the sympathetic nervous system g As a check on the blood supply the;. 8 take the temperature of the sk.r:; ; g if the temperature rises, they as 8 sume that the leg is getting a lai supply of blood.
But Dr. Samuel Silbert of Manhattan’s Mt. Sinai hospital has Ion % been dissatisfied with this methrr of checking blood supply. He had theory that there must be a di.fi. r once between the temperature of li f skin and that of the underlying rr.u • clcs. With Physiologist Mae Fr ed lander and Physical Therapist W.l liam Bierman, lie tested the effect of various common drugs on be* skin and muscle temperature.
Aspirin, tly? experimenters four.:: merely raises the temperatures u the skin. Tobacco is harmful: i lowers both skin and muscle tern perature. In their tests they deck ed that the most valuable drug tc arteriosclerosis is alcohol, for ; sends muscle temperature way uj “I make my patients drink plenty c whisky,” said gentle Dr. Silbert.
For all ages

SLAB WOOD
D
; $1
• OO per bottle
to
PRIVATE HOMES
Q
Phone 27
£ THE CORNER STORE
I «!,aLMnrdceLeWsa,s.|;i THE HODCINS LUMBER COMPANY
V SMAWV1LLE ÇUE- 9,8	'
aaaaaaoK":: . : .	i a Shaw Ville,	-	Quebec
i
»
Lung Amputations Have Met With Great Success
Six years ago a middle-aged Pitts; burgh physician with cancer of the | lung made a long, painful journey History Explains April 1	St- Louis to beg a crumb of hope
Historical explanations of the fool Lrom *aiT;ed Surgeon Evarts Am* ing on April 1 are quite varied. Cm ! ^ose Graham. Both doctors thought man Unis us that the custom came | Miat death was inevitable, and Dr. from India centuries ago; another i -*raham decided on a last, desperate that it is a relic of the time when Treasure, never before tried in the in calendar reform the new year hlstor>'of surgery: complete ampu-was tiar.sferred from April to Ju*:u-1 atIon °* cancerous lung in one and the jokemakers bought |	An incision was made down
"New Year’s gifts”; others that it i s*ck h?30,s,^acf; beside and be-ia a survival of folklore in France, : |?w his shoulder blade. Carefully whence it was carried to Scotland ^r* Graham slit through tough cheat by some of the gay lads who fought muscles, removed sections of seven for France when there was no fignt* J*ibs, neatly severed the lumpy gi ay .u n, d at home. In France, and, lun§ ^gh up where the windpipe in Fiench Canada, the victim of a! separates into two branches Then
he tied the stump with a tight catgut
Finally he stitched up the chest muscles. To his great joy, his
MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
miiiitfimiiimncrtmm]
ary
ESTABLISHED 1883
1942
!.c on this date is called “un pois , v. d \vril.” In Scotland he or she! k.
is a gowk, the local word fer a!1 „	,
/ - . reputed to bu ti e most fool* ; colleague survived
Four years later the happy Pittsburgh doctor attended a convention of the College of Surgeons. Late for the meeting, he raced up two flights of stairs with a couple of friends. To their amazement, said Dr. Graham, the only one not winded by the climb was the doctor with one lung. His healthy lung had expanded, had completely filled the hollow space in his chest cavity.
Since that first dramatic case, hundreds of lung amputations have been performed throughout the world, with great success. “In suit- j able cases,” continued Dr. Graham, “where the cancer is not too far advanced, the operation can be done with a mortality of only 10 per cent. When the cancer is advanced, however, the mortality jumps to 40 or 50 per cent.
INVALID
COACH
We turn to you and yours, even midst these anxious times, with the warmest hankshake we ran send across space, *o extend that grand old wish
vf birds
GEO. HYNES & SON
Depression D;et
Despite hard times. V. S. diets •itve grown more nutritious in the »ast If) years. Reasons:	(1) more
v<. ne cunning; (2i more truck | urn.4ig; (3) w de government dis-nbution of such vitamin-rich foods .s orargea, grapefruit, m: k. celery, fi spite of aV this, the average T. S diet has plenty of room for nprovemer.t. e spec.ally in some o-.thern rural d stricts where the «•nple still live mainly on hog and u.n. I.i j survey u,ude from 1834 i 37. says Ur Cummings, “out of veiy hundred families throughout nr country, only 23 enjoyed diets vh vh. tiom the nulr tioual stand-u.ri, were pool: 51 had diets which ere fa:r, ar.d 26 followed poor
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
C^Shawville Oue.
Phone 80

A Happy New Year

56 Years, 20 Miles
Two brothers, living only 20 miles I from each oilier, have been reunited after 52 years apart. John Burke of Lincoln, Maine, and William P. Burke of Millinocket, Maine, recently met for the first time since they became separated in Canada in 188Ü when John was seven and William
11 A daughter of John learned of itig—and signed «orne papers un- I ' ' ncle.g residence in Millinocket
uer which the fortune teller was |	a visit there and effected the
held for the illegal practice	1 durms " v
Fortune Teller Guesses Right
Shuffling her cards, a tea room fortune teller in New York city sagely told Emma Gross soon visit a large building and sign j-ome papers.” So it came to pass. That very night, Policewoman Emma Gross visited Brooklyn Queens night court—a large build j
You will
i
turnon
i
r

»

Z
$ xÿV
mm

•A
»
¦ »i-

K


BO
v\w\w
z«rzryy!z!ziz'zîyny!zi^*zizîy|zi'
r^zvtzw
. '
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY, LIMITED
wnmuuy, ont. sussex, n.b. st. johns, p q regina, sash

X XIX
###PAGE###6###
4
HONG KONG
SQUEEZED IN JAP TRAP
VOICE
THE WAR - WEEK
Commentary on Current Events

OP THE



%

Bitter Cold and Russian Power Halt German Drive on Moscow
PRESS



»
mm
DREADFUL DRUMFJR*
Behind the roar of the flaming hell that Is the Russian front, behind the clangor of the clash in Libya, behind the steady boom of bomb* flattening a score of Europe's cities, there is a dreadful obligato of riflefiri. It is the German executions In conquered lande.
As many as 100,000 men and women have died before these Nazi firing-squads, the Inter-Allied Information Committee in London estimates. Whether that is an accurate figure we do not know. No one knows, not even the Nazis.
In Poland alone 82,000 people have been executed during two years of occupation, this committee estimates. Every conquered country has contributed its toll of those who were led out to die unarmed, unconvicted of any offense.
In no modern war has anything like this, or anything approaching such a scale, been permitted to happen. It Is the measure of a Nasi
—Guelph Mercury.
m
I Germany Blames the Weather
A spokesman for the German Army has admitted a halt In the Nazi drive. He said that Mosoow would not be captured this year, that during the winter German I troops would have to abandon the war of movement, that all up and I down the 2,000 mile front they I were digging in I terrible that even the oil freeze# In the motorized vehicles I said. "Soldiers trying to take cover simply freeze to the ground. Eight-I lng under these conditions Is prao-I tlcally Impossible I that when the weather Is below zero, the steel of a rifle barrel hums like fire and a man firing from a prone position Is apt to I freeze to the snow before he can gather himself for the next rush.
Moscow's Version «
Moscow had a different version I of the fighting. It was not cold I alone that caused the Nazi halt but fighting Russian soldiers and I an organic defect In the work ol the German command In planning the war. Sturdy determined Russians are advancing ceaselessly through bitter oold against a bewildered and benumbed enemy. The Germans are fleeing before bayonets and hand grenades and bullet# of the Russian army while the artillery follows Close behind . pouring shrapnel and high explos-I Ives Into the hard pressed rank#. The German High Command speaks of "local actions" and "orderly retirement# claims that the retreat has become a rout
A Long Way To Waterloo!
The significance of the Russia# successes does not He In account# of ground recaptured, says the New York Herald Tribune. For some time there have been hints In Berlin quarter# that rectification of Che German lines would be nect>ss&ry in order to stabilize a winter front. This would probably Involve withdrawals from the salients driven north and south of Moscow and might mean extensive movements westward along the whole of the northern sector. There Is no very clear natural defensive line for the Germans In that area, and the ability to take up strong posts must depend largely on the skill and energy of their engineers.
But It Is clear that the Red Army Is not allowing the Germane to complete their search for winter quarters In peace. A retreat is always a difficult operation. Military observers have been wondering, since the power of the German offensive was first displayed, what would happen when this complex mechanism went Into reverse, and it Is possible that the Russians. acting under climatic conditions highly favorable to themselves. will now give a spectacular answer. The Germans are being pressed hard at very point they are suffering new losses In addition to those inflicted during the suicidal drives on Moscow and It may well prove that the Napoleonic experience will be repeated.
IM It not he forgotten, however, that It was two years from the time of Napoleon's retreat from Moscow to the Battle of Waterloo.
Two dramatic Items show the deadly parallel of the Russian Campaign. The first, a description of the French campaign in Russia In November 1812, reads:
"The road was even move thickly covered with dead horse# than on preceding marches. There were many human corpses, too; and at every bivouac one saw large numbers that had died of suffocation from the fumes of fires, because they had dragged themselves too close when already frostbitten and half frozen. Others stll moaned but could not drag themselves away."
The other item la from a Nazi radio broadcaster's description of the German campaign In Russia in November, 1941:
"Grey is the country, grey the sky, everything grey and empty. With Its aspect of forlornness, the whole country Is frightening. The road to Moscow resemble# one vast soaked sponge along which men, horses and lorries slog painfully aud strenuously. Slowly they move, dragging themselvee step by step. Time after time they are bogged down. This is Russia."
Everywhere from the Arctic to the Sea of Azov the Germans are retreating and. in many cases, retreating in disorder. The myth of the invincibility of the German army Is being torn to shreds by the Russians. What will the people of the Reich think now of Hitler's boast made in Berlin two months ago that Germany's eastern enemy was crushed and would never rise again?
m
mmm
X

I
Uli

5*
mm
>:W<;

¦x-

i

N
m
%
m
MC-

M*
w

m



$

••¦ - <+' —«
;

II
n:>
Si
*

«V,
i#G3&a



M#
1
s «U
M
•y»
SA»*#

* *

1

i


3r%

V.V.V
The cold Is so

E


Sÿÿft’
wK
m&a;

m

lie
»:•;

es
«rot

•A*-
REM#

M



¦







‘-••-V


Sbr
• *


.-XX.



It is a fact
1



yXX;

m #
.;<r












as
m
3


3fl*Sî


wB



g

l



m
mm
m
55-
'¦ i IM



m
future
1

t

SS?
m
#
**~r: ^
v



NOT LOUSY IN ENGLAND
The Canadian soldiers overseas are not bothered by lice. That Is something for which they must be grateful. No matter how clean the troops tried to keep themselves in the last war, when they were in the front line areas, they were troubled with body lice.
Splendid sanitary arrangements have been made. Hot baths are provided and the quarters are kept scrupulously clean at all times. The men are provided with clean underwear and steam units §o from camp to camp to give dirty clothes a thorough cleansing.
And, In case there is any man. la a company who just does not want to take a bath, the men of his section see to It that he does no go bathless.

y

>
Claiming that they were already in possession of Kowloon, the mainland section of the British crown colony of Hong Kong, seen above in the background, Japanese said they were preparing an attack on Victoria Island, foreground—the location of the city of Hong Kong. British governor reportedly refused Jap demand that colony surrender.
Some Opinions
About Generals
Tell Whitest Lie
Says First Lady
Fewer Gadgets On New Car Models
After the latest reshuffling of armament program may require I her generals, Russia seems, tem-the Ü. 8. automobile Industry to porarily at least, to have found produce only two and fourdooa- a winning combination. Perhaps sedans without brightwork, wool | Stalin has begun to chime in with upholstery, rubber floor mats, and other gadgets and finery. Station wagons, limousines, roadsters, coupes, convertible models may disappear.
Automobile officials said the "Victory" model automobile would have no double bar bumpers and bumper bars, clocks, cigar light-bers, radios, dual tail lights and extra parts. It will Come in fewer colors, with fewer coats of enamel.
Mrs. Franklin D. Roosevelt says she believes in telling the whitest lie of them all, the fib about Santa Claus.
In her question - and - answer page in the December Ladies' Home Journal, the First Lady says she subscribes to the telling of fairy tales as well as children's stories based on scientific fact.
“I certainly do believe in telling children to believe in Santa Claus," she wrote. "They learn soon enough that Santa Claus is mother or father, or some other kind person. Why not let them have the Joy of believing that Santa Claus does come to all children and that he ie such e jolly old saint7"
Demand for materials in the
but Moscow
Russian Army Reorganized
The German failures before Moscow and at Rostov were evidence that the Russian army had been reorganized In the midst of a terrible campaign. Special Guard divisions were formed, vast reserve armies trained In the valley of the Volga and important shifts made In the High Command. Stalin Is Com-m&dder-ln-Chlef of the Soviet forces and he is said to have personally worked out details of the Russian counter-offensive. The vast masses of the people of Russia were totally mobilized to work wherever needed, and to work even beyond their powers of endurance. Every civilian in Russia was in the front line.
several of his distinguished predecessors on the subject of generals.
Lincoln had a sour view of them. On one occasion, when it was reported to him that the Confederates had captured a brigadier general and 12 mules, he said: "Too bad. Those mules cost us $200 apiece."
Margot Asquith once said to Gen. Pershing, after the first World War: "The only reason we won the war was because there were generals on the other side.”
And President Paul Kruger, giving instructions to bis Boer soldiers in their war against the British in South Africa, said: "Kill as many officers as possible, but for God's sake spare the generals."
Windsor 8-tar,
—v—
THEM WERE THE DAYS"
A placard on the wall of a California hotel In the goldrush days of '49 stated:—"Board must b# paid In advance. With beans, $36; without beans, $13. Salt pork free; potatoes for Sunday dinner, pocketing prohibited. Extra charge for seats around the bar-room stove. Lodgers must find their own straw. Beds on bar-room floor reserved for regular customers. Lodgers must rise by S a m. In the barn by 6 a.m. No fighting at tables. Anyone violating the above mtoe will be shot."
Jap Empire
Dog-drawn Taxis
Appear In Paris
Exclusive of conquered pa. ia of China, which varies constantly, Japan controls a Far Eastern Empire that totals almost 900,000 square miles, although the area of Japan proper is less than 150,000 square miles, says Pathfinder. Japanese territories include Korea, the southern half of the island of Sakhalin, Formosa, and a group of more than 1,400 islands in Oceania that formerly belonged to Germany. Manchoukuo, al-i though not formally a part of the | c Japanese empire, has been occupied by Japan for ten years. In addition, Japan occupies parts of French Indo-China and Inner Mongolia.
The Cossacks Ride Again
Horse-power as of old, was a definite factor In dispersing the enemy. The Russians have for some time been building up a strong cavalry corps, especially outfitted for winter service. These wild, hard-riding Cossacks were loosed when Rostov was recaptured. They were on the Germans before a defense line could be established. 118 German tanks were among the booty surrendered — the horse is certainly still In the war.
Dog-drawn taxicabs Iiave appeared on the streets of Paris, because the lack of fuel has forced the withdrawal of motor vehicles and most harness-horses have been sent to the slaughterhouse.
A 1925 'law prohibiting the use of dogs for traction power has been cancelled and a new police ordinance permits "canimobile" taxis, provided they be drawn by huskies fitted with painless har-
—Belleville Intelligencer
Saving Ontario's Natural Resources
V—
REALISM AND SACRIFICE

Many men and women In Britain's war plants work sixty and seventy hours a week, with no day of rest either. They do It heartily, not because they particularly like long toll, but because they know It Is the only way that victory can be won. On this side of the Atlantic. how far we are from realism— and sacrifice!
CANADA'S FUR TRADE
No. 69
Tne value of the furs sold in this untry at the present time is quit3 large, probably about the same as it was a hundred years ago, but the emphasis is away from tlie beaver, martin and fisher to the muskrat, skunk and red fox. Th<; number of people engaged in the industry is probably much gr< a ter, than was the case a century ago but, as I said, the aggregate value of the fur is abouit the same.
Muskrat ant! skunk sold for a few cents in the early 1800's and red fox and raccoon seldom went ove# a dollar. Nowadays, these are the mainstay of the trade but they sell, individually, for much more. Too. the fur ranches have come into the picture and a great deal of our fur is ranch raised. Tills fur is probably better quality for it is taken when the animal is at its best and on the better ranches it lias been produced under almost ideal conditions.
About 25 important fur hearers occur in North America and a number of others may be taken at times. The weasel family are the most hunted and contribute the major shave of the pelts. Musk rat lead all others in total numbers taken. Beaver were almost extinct on the market a few years ago but are now coming back. Skunk, red fox and mink are of considerable value to the trapper.
Altogether the fur trade of Canada is an important asset. However, as 1 stressed in a previous article it must be handled Intelligently or it will he lost. The animals must he protected when they are scarce and they must have places to live. 1 will write more about this in another article.
nesses.
The use of terriers or smaller dogs for traction is still forbtd-
Pei haps the lowly louse will take a derisive part in the war on the East# rn front. The Swedish capital reports that liee-borne typhus has infected some German troops, already suffering from cold, hunger and exhaustion. The epidemic, which can exterminate as many men as all of Stalin's battling forces put together, is spreading eastward from the Ostmark area
of Poland.
den
—Hamilton Spectator. —v—
FINE YOUNG CANADIANS
In this country but three years, and unable to speak English when they arrived here, two Czechoslovakian children win the annual speaking contest in the public schools of Wentworth County. Theirs is a remarkable achievement and In them tUe Dominion has two fine young Canadians.
—Hamilton Spectator. —v—
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher

MRS. PIPS DIARX

dresses
^ CLEANEP m
¦j 59* m
xxf
Vj


4LL
$
V
% DONS z
The Book Shelf
get tier with a definite plan of revenge.
Launched on a romantic and relentless career, they leave the old cultured city of New Orleans and go north to test their wits against the pleasure loving society of fashionable Saratoga.
This latest, and perhaps best, of Edna Ferber's many outstanding novels paints a dramatic picture of the American way of life, and makes historical America live again for this generation
Saratoga Trunk Ferber ,
Limited
x
r
W
WHY BOTHER?
Vocal choruses are not suitable for broadcasting through factories to relieve the strain of close work, because the workers grow tense trying to catch the words. After hearing the words of some of the popular gems, we wonder why they bother.
JÙ


SARATOGA TRUNK By Edna Ferber
Saratoga Trunk is a novel or the 'eighties, the days of the railroad builders. Set against a background of the old World city of New Orleans and the New World city of Saratoga, the history ot this period is vividly presented. Into it is woven the romance of Clint Maroon and Clio Dulaine.
Clio Dulaine, the daughter of a New Orleans aristocrat and his French mistress, grew up in Paris, her young mind filled with the un just treatment of her mother. She returned to New Orleans and there met Clint Maroon whose father had been ruined l>y the railroad builders.
Each had one great purpose in life—Clio to avenge the injustice to her mother
the loss of his father’s fortune They fall In love and set out to

Z
1
( ^50


»
/
#
!
Stratford Beacon-Herald —v—
t

SOLILOQUY
The change that has come over America can be appreciated when you recall that not so long ago to convoy or not to convoy was the soliloquy in every hamlet.
by Edna McClelland & Stewart, . Price $3.00.


•I
!•
—Windsor Star

v
Roosevelt Audience
UNUSUAL EGGS
From Pembroke comes news of with ten Vs on Its shell.


pE
mm
\
President Roosevelt's radio ad dress of Dec. I) on the basis of analysis by the broadcasters, commanded the largest audience in history—90,000.000 virtually every adult in the coun-
an egg
That's almost as many as some eggs have on tbelr car windows.
—Ottawa Citizen.

v
an
9-f*
Clint to avenge
J
reaYly better off
When a fellow is turned down *y a girl because he Isn’t well off, he really is.
persons or
Oh, those X # ere where we marked the spots."
try
Kitchener Record
REG LAR FELLERS—Just Supposin'
By GENE BYRNES
That Word “Panzer”
I'M IN A MAWFUL FIX.'
t can't make up
l MY MIND !	J
MOM.' WOULD . j'J AD VIS 5
k ME TO BUY A FAIR. OF RACING SKATES IF SOMEBODY SHOULD GIVE ME _______
L POUR DOLLARS?
3ALE HAS GOT ME GOING, BUT FOUR DOLLARS IS A WHOLE , LOT OF MONEY
fr
Two requests about panzer reach me from different quarters. One is to say what it means; the ether is to get the term dropped in favor of good plain English. Well, panzer means armor and since the German armored divisions have been more conspicuous than any other down to the invasion of Russia, we have adopted the German name for them, much as we habitually apeak of the German Luftwaffe instead of tfce German air force or U-boats funterseeboote) instead of German submarines.
THAT IS
A BARGAIN.'
/
SM£
M
y



THESE RXJMG ICE SKATES MARKED DOWN FROM $92210
$4* ,
y
/
z

1
n
z
r V
(


A

/
STUFF


-tX
ry/ j ^
1
\ / V
y



Z7/
j>
A\-no)\v
t
;
/
10-2#

t
\
>
V
/
###PAGE###7###
é
GERMAN HOWITZERS IN RUSSIAN HANDS
HELP FOR RUSSIA
Dinna Ye Hear The Highlanders?
What Science Is
Doin'

sm
mmw
3^

:

sm

l
\
WHAT SCIENCE IS DOING?
SNEEZES
Professor M. W. J en n Ison of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology has been investigating the "velocity of sneezes," reports The Halifax Herald. The professor used a camera in his research work, and his findings, just published, are worthy of note.
in a “good, full-bodied sneeze" thousands of particles, ho assures us, leave the mouth in much the same manner as pellets leave the muzzle of a shotgun, with a velocity of 150 feet a second. The moisture of them quickly evaporates, and the germ-laden particles are left wandering about in the air looking for somebody to infect.
SOY-BEAN HELMETS
The Soybean Products Laboratory of the Department of Agriculture and the cotton specialists of the Southern Regional Research Laboratory have jointly developed a plastic helmet out of heavy ootton cloth and soybeans. Object: To protect the heads of miners and workers on construction Jobs from falling material. The new helmets are lighter than the old metal kind hitherto used. In fact, they are strong enough to deflect blows up to forty pounds, w;iich Is about all that the human neck can stand.

&


*
Scottish Battalions, Bagpipes and All, Take Part In Libya Fight


¦>


!

%
*



:•


m


1
r
While regimental anonymity is still observed with regard to the Battle of Libya, it Is learned indirectly that there are Highlanders in the fray. As a matter of fact there have been Scottish battalions in all the North Africa campaigns down as far as Ethiopia. It is in this great struggle in Libya, however, that the presence of the Scots has become known through incidental reference to the bagpipes.
A despatch fom Cairo in the middle of last week stated that between lulls in the gunfire, the sound of the bagpipes could be heard putting fresh heart into their comrades. A later despatch told of the joy with which a Highland regiment heard the skirl of the pipes coming from up in front. That was a pre-arranged signal that a certain point had been captured.

23
1
BP





>

V

Xi"

{ i

»



$
%






X


I
1
-
n
m
:

t
»
L '


¦E


mm.

.,#****"
<••• î
m

\

%

-

9





wSSsm
BK

mii
1

vA:

1





à*
*


4
?
*

ft**
ll-ji'd
m
m

/¦?
iw*m

m

m


«
W'G*
Midi

li
71

'

sv/.

< '

m
m

V-i



T>

7JL

$
A

Soviet artillerymen examining German Howitzers captured in
Except for missing parts of the breech block, the
Valentine tanks built at the Canadian Pacific Angus Shops meute to the Russian battlefield.
recent fighting, nearer gun appears to be in good condition.
#n
Saga of the Sea
Hitler Treats Friend And Enemy Alike
HOW CAN I?
Have You Heard ?
1Y ANNE ASHLEY
The perils of the sea are not reserved to the menaces of torpedoes and mines says the Kitch* ener Record. The old sea with it» hurricanes, its pounding waves and its typhoons is still the same elemental terror that challenged mariners since Viking days.
Of recent date is the story of s Canadian three-master schooner from Lunenberg caught in two hurricanes and breached. Her men were reduced to starvation when ft small freighter hove in sight snd took on the despairing crew.
Salt water permeated the vessel and spoiled the food. The men caught water in reservoirs designed to hold the rain. This was all they had to drink. The skipper had a new dress shirt and he converted the pins in it to lish hooks and the men caught small fish over the rail of the staggering ship.
This is just another saga of the sea that has no U-boat or lurking mine in the background. It is the peril mariners have braved through the ages, and it is the sort of thing that has made men of mariners who now keep open the life lanes of the Empire, operating the merchant marine in spite of the hazard of storm or war.
Having extended her visit longer than she meant to, the old lady was going home after dark—end It was dark.
Presently In spite of all her rare, she bumped Into a dimly-seen man snd they both crashed on the pavement. At once the man was all apologies.
"So sorry," he murmured. "Careless of me. Let me help you up.
So sorry."
"Never mind all that,” returned the old lady, curtly, "Will you please tell me which way I was facing before 1 was knocked down."
Colors In Action
In olden days bands used to play the regiments Into action. The colors of the regiment were carried Into the fight too, and the music and the colors were great sources of inspiration. When these customs were abolished, the bandsmen either went Into action, too, or acted as stretcher-bearers.
It seems, however, that the Scots’ pipers go Into action still, to Inspire and encourage their comrades. Scots pre stirred by the story of the capture of the heights of Dargai during the Chttra campaign In northwest India In 1897, the hero of which Piper James Findlater of the Gordon Highland-ere, Is still living, and visited relatives In Canada a few years ago. Twice, English regiments had attempted to storm the heights, but were driven back by a withering fire. Then Colonel Mathias rode up to his men and said: "The general says that hill must be taken. The Gordons will take It." Twice Piper Findlater was shot going up the hill, hot propping hfmself against a boulder he played "The Cock o’ the North," and thus inspired, the Gordons took the hill. Findlater was swarded the Victoria Cross.
What Is a good fertilizer for s
It is not only In the invaded and occupied countries that the Nazis are hated. For some time now the Italians have been becoming increasingly restive since they are finding by bitter experience that as Hitler's jackal they get remarkably few tit-bits. A most interesting article recently appeared in an English newspaper by an Englishman who has lived In Italy for many years and who was very recently a prisoner in Tuscany. The writer says that Italy is subjected by the Nazis to almost as much indignity as a conquered country. There is German control on all railway stations, German supervision In several centres, and the Italian secret police takes second place to the Gestapo. Food is exceedingly scarce; the Italians have had no butter since they entered the war, and they have meat only once a week. The main reason for this is that the Germans have annexed most of their products such as oil, fat, oranges and lemons. Hitler adopts his "bleeding white” policy towards his friends as well as towards hie enemies.
A. Try using a solution of eight parts of sodium chloride, four parts potassium nitrate, and two parts magnesium. Mix thoroughly end put Into bottle. Dissolve one teaapoonful of this solution In a gaert of water and water the fern about once a week.
Q How can I prevent squeaking In my furniture?
A. Before Inserting the casters, ÜP the ehanks Into vaseline and then slip them Into place. This mot only prevents squeaks, but ulso tly facilitates the rolling of Be furniture.
Q. How can I prevent eyrup from taming back Into sugar?
A. The turning back to sugar can ha avoided when making eyrup, If, Whan It le coming to a boll, one-Btrd teaspoon cream of tartar Is added to every two cups of sugar
SELF-HEATING
Popular Science tells of cans that boat themselves. The cans are double, with a chemical between the walls that heats on contact with air. Turn a can over, punch four holes, and let stand about fifteen minutes. The result will be piping hot, ready-to-serve spaghetti, beans, or coffee.
—T—
Some guile were following ¦ ferry boat.
An Irishman eaid. "Nice flock of pigeon#."
A tourist Insisted: "Those are gulls.”
"Well,” said the Irishman, "guile or boys, they're a fine flock of pigeons."
—v—
A new system of memory training was being taught In a village school and the teacher was be coming enthusiastic.
"For Instance," he said, "supposing you want to remember the name of a poet Bobby Burns Fix In your mind’s eye a picture of a policeman In flame#. See Bobby Burns?"
"Yes, I sees." said a bright pupil. "But how Is one to know It does not represent Robert Browning?"
Nearly 2,500.000 tons of rice was shipped from Burma in eight months.
Speaks For British
Q. How can I clean corduroy?
A. Use pure white soap and warm soapy water when washing earduToj. Plunge tlie goods np and Isvn; rinse several times In clear water. Do not wring; hang up toskle out, dripping wet, to dry. De not Iron, but use a brush when 4ky (only one way of the cloth) le smooth the nap.
Q. What Is a good home remedy relieving a cough?
A. A mixture of honey and lemon jetoe will often prove effective. Butter In hot milk, taken before retiring, will ease the throat and ina pleasantly drowsy feeling.
w.

yX






1941 Farm Income Higher Than 1940
Pipes Give Warning
Probably Scottish men and women have a sharp ear for the sound of the pipes. When the British garrison of 30, together with a few civilians, were besieged In Lucknow for four months, they had almost given up hope and were resigned to massacre when the wife of one of the Scottish soldier* suddenly leaped to her feet and cried: "Dinna ye hear them, ye hear them? The Highlands are cornin'."
Nobody else did but In a few minute# the pipes were plainly heard and a column of Highlanders soon arrived causing the Sepoys to flee.
Perhaps there is no sound tile Italians and Germans more dread to hear on the field than the bagpipes. It warns them that not only the Campbells are cornin' but all the rest of the Scotties.


British Ships Carry New S O S. Signals
Increase of 46y2 Million and Trend Is Greater tc Mixed Production
—v—
An optimist and e pessimist were defined by e speaker at a meeting In Falkirk the ether day as follows:
"An optimist Is e man who sees a light that Isn’t there, and a pessimist Is the fool who tries to blow It out."
Hitler was interviewing his troops and stopped to talk to one private.
“llow are things with you7" he asked.
"Oh, I can't complain, sir," answered the soldier.
"I'll say you can't," agreed the Fuehrer.


The prairie trend to mixed farming was exemplified in figures of the Dominion Bureau of Statistics that farm income for the first nine months of 1941 was substantially higher than for the «une period in 1940.
A column of reddish-orange smoke rose over the ocean, nearly 30 miles away. A British pilot on patrol over the Atlantic spotted it, and realized immediately what it was
The smoke came from a box about two feet square—and every new ocean-going British ship will carry several of them.
This is the life-saving apparatus secretly tested by the Ministry of Shipping, and when that British pilot sighted the column of smoke from the air the experiments were ended.
Shipwrecked men carrying one of these boxes need only to pull a trigger to release a cloud of smoke which will rise for an hour, becoming thicker every minute. The box floats, and if water gets into the chemical inside the smoke becomes still thicker.
9>
MODERN
ETIQUETTE
-j*
BY ROBERTA LEI

an S 0 S.
;
Live Stock Increases
The increase in value of livestock and livestock products surpassed that of field crops, although increased returns from both categories were reported.
Cash income from prairie farm products sales was placed at $265,859,000 for the nine months this year compared with $208,588,000 in tiie same period in 1940
The value of field crops advanced to $141,050,000 from $122,942.000 in 1940, while the value in livestock and livestock products rose to $114,303,00, from $85,646,-
1. What 1» the proper way to speak Into a telephone?
1. Should salads always be cut and eaten with the fork?
I. What kind of place cards should be used at the bridal table to Indicate where the gueets are to sit?
4. What are some of tho expressions salespeople In stores should avoid using?
I. Is It ever permissible for the
hostess to sit at the side of the dinner table?
I. Wfoat le the correct prcnun-elation of “decollete" and what does It mean?
*
t


E

X
Artillery shells enemy positions as British forces fight on In new Libyan offensive.
Wife: "You kissed the maid, you kissed the maid, you kissed the maid."
Hubby: "You don’t have to repeat it so many times."
Wife: "You didn't have ta repeat it so many times either."
Christmas Boxes For War Prisoners
One-wheelers
The C. 0. of a regiment in the Middle East was puzzled when he received notification to make arrangements for the arrival of:
"Carriers, general utility, onewheeled, sixty."
He thought it must be a new type of small whippet tank and made the necessary parking arrangements.
Eventually he received sixty y heel barrows.
72,000
As early as August, Christinas boxes began their trek from the Bed Cross packing centre in London to Britain’s 70,000 men in the prison camps of Germany, British Industries Bulletin relates. The extra 2,000 parcels are an insurance that everybody gets one. The first lap was to Lisbon; the next to Marseilles; then on to Geneva, and so to Germany.
000.
Wheat production In 1941 was reduced sharply compared with 1940, but during the present year large quantities of the 1940 crop were marketed.
The bureau said that higher receipts in 1941 were recorded for all individual items contributing to the total of farm income.
ANSWERS
L Talk directly Into the mouthpiece with your lips not more than half an Inch away, you add between your lip# and the mouthpiece is equal to adding ISO wire milee to the distance your voice must travel.
—T—
The man, hearing of a position open iu another city, wired the following message, direct and eol-
Raw fur production In Canada in the twelve months ended June 30, 1940, amounted to $16,608^348, an increase of 177 per cent over the preceding season.
Each Inch that
lect:
"Am on way to accept the position stop deduct cost of this telegram from my first week's salary." He got the Job.
Use s full,
>1
natural tone, and take care to
each word clearly and Don't talk too loudly,
)' »
pronounce distinctly. m this may cause the words to blur in transmission. 2. All salads are eaten with the fork. If hard hearts of lettuce are served and they cannot be managed with a fork, It la permissible to cut them with the knife. 3. Pain white cards, embossed with the bride’s Initiale.
“Look here,"
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
In each box was a Christmas pudding, a double ration of chocolate, chocolate biscuits, rye biscuits, jam, margarine, roast pork and stuffing, a tin of steak and tomato, condensed milk, four ounces of sugar, two ounces of tea and a Christmas cake. Also, 7,200,000 cigarets went off at tl e same time in separate package# of 100—a double ration for each man. The value of this Christmas gift is £36,000.
Nor has the Bed Cross forgotten the little band of eleven British children in German internment camps. Each of them has been sent a special parcel of barley sugar, boiled sweets and so on. And to one hospital in Belgium where there are soldiers who have been lying on their backs since Dunkirk, has gone a consignment of ji
T'
"Name the five
Teacher: zones."
Pupil: "Temperate, Intemperate, war, postal and o.”
• • •
• e e
I
YOUR FUTURE FOR 1942
UAUY CHICKS
um;n to inventors
LIFE KJ5.XD1NU AND PREDICTION month by month for one yens* Covering fully business ufntirs, employment, love, marriage, travel, speculation, health, lucky days, etc. Complete. SI.0U. Short outline, 5Uc. Send birthdate. M. Kleman, Louise Bridge, Box 174, Winnipeg, Man. ____________________________
MAKE FULL USE OF YU UR POULtry equipment, till your houses with birds bred for steady and full production. You can’t afford tv do anything else if you want tu meet egg demands at homo and abroad. Wait for the Bray price list, out shortly. We van fill orders now for pullets. Bray Hatchery, 130 John N\, Hamilton, Unt
AN OFFER TU EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and full information sent tree. The Ramsay Co., Registered, Patent Attorneys, 27* Bank Street, Ottawa. Canada.
Submarine Officer» Under Great Strain
4. Such phrases a#
"Say now!" to attract one's at-teutlou. And slang phrases much as -O. K., "Sure," and "All right)." # No; she should always sit at the foot of the table. 6. Pronounce da-kol ta, both m e si In day, u as In of, uc a French word that moans "leaving the neck and shoulders uncovered."
PATENTS
Submarine officer# often have ridges across their finger nails, each ridge being caused by a separate period of mental strain, sc-cording to Charles Graves, in s book entitled "Life Line," just published in London.
White hair and baldness are also found among captains of submarines. Baldness cannot be caused by nervousnee,s but white hair san, he says. It is not unusual for a submariner's hair to go from Jet black to gray In twelve
months.
These and other strange facts to hie account of the navy’s defense of Britain were obtained through special facilities accorded by the Admiralty.
H H y L.VIATIC PAINS
FETHEKSTUN HA L U H & COMPANY Patent Solicitor*. Established 1690;	14 King West, Toronto.
Booklet of iniormation on request.
EVERY
YOURSELF sufferer of Rheumatic Ruins or Neuritis to try Dixon's Remedy. Muni o s Drug Store, 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $l.uu.
SATISFY
11A lit ORES SIN t« SCHOOL
LEARN .HAIRDRESSING THU Robertson Method. Information on request regarding fall classes, now beginning. Robertson's Hairdressing Academy, 137 Avenue Road, Toronto.
t last syllable. It is
MEDICAL
11 All HITS
IT'S PROVEN
EVERY SUFferer of Rheumatic Paine or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Sold only Munro’s Drug Store, 335 Elgin. Ottawa. Postpaid 41.U0.
WANTED mesttc rabbits.
LARGE LIVE DO-
Any quantity,
price lUc per pound, you pay express. Light foot, St. Lu wren Market, Toronto.
USED AND NEW
VARS
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS Ltd., Toronto's oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers; three locations, 632 Mt. Pleasant Road 2040 Yong# St. and 1650 Danforth Avenue. Our Used Cara make us many friends. Wrjte for our Free Booklet on pedigreed renewed and analyzed used cars.	________
ce
Clean Sweep
PERSONAL
WOMEN WANTED

XV
s.
mounting nicely
ELIJAH C O M 1 NO BEFORE Christ. Wonderful book sent free. Meglddo Mission, Rochester, New York.
Revenue was at the benefit turkey shoot when a uniformed man strolled up snd wanted to know what went on.
Sponsors explained that threw turkeys and a goose were being ghren away. All you had to de was hit the birds’ heads bobbing a box 90 yards away— et # dime a shot.
The uniformed man said b# weuld try fifty esnts worth. He •red four times, picked up three torkeye and the goose and went
bams without ankificf for his dime
1
WANTED: WOMEN TO DO HOM sewing,
on all work. Sent anywhere. Bontex Specialty Co., Box 97, Chase, B.L\
Best pay. Postage pal
1
Relieves MOh 6 atV
FIRST MORTGAGE MONEY WANTED
EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY AT this time. Investigate now. Box 40, 73 Adelaide W., Toronto.
TURKEY!»
FEMALE FAIN
*
annoying symptoms. Follow
directions. Made In Canada.
FOR QUALITY SERVICE
GOVERNMENT INSPECTED AND Banded Broad Breasted Bronze Turkeys. Healthy range stock. Alton Briggs, Maborly, Ontario.
A Nl> HATISF ACTION TRY IMPERIAL
• or 8 exposure films, developed and printed, or R reprint*, ltd. Both with free enlargement.
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
Station J. Toronto.
FUR A TRAPPING
SNARING. TRAPPING AND FUR Marketing tips, particulars on Indian Secret trapping methods, lui es. snare*. Big Fur catches n»»ured. Bill Hoffman. Russell. Man.
Mentholats*
KS
$2 — Quilting Outfit — $2
MAKE BEAL TlhT PATCH-WORK
lbs.
print quilting patches, while rot t «m tu b;.< I;
l pi i
quilt Get une «,iiiIt butt. 2*4 cotton enough
double bod
g Inch for only
i ex¦ 11" i bb< -s. u lu Qu en st. XV., Toronto.
I « G 41
) N LINOS X X l-.XXX P ol Theati e I i Ontario Spe« i farmers colletUous.
'
label
tubes, 30c.	*"
«I KI - ' K, CAP itrlmg St Thomas i iiepariment for
ill
S. ils i X
xv„
"L'.UU l
•t.
« I
ISSUE 52—'41
i
ont
fi
nge. Th
iso

it
('

« •
54, *
borne.
^M
I
*
###PAGE###8###


QQDK
i
EQS!2!5?5nE2DCC&T3!!ZCE55&,,5<,*MDC5n!2!ZDCE,3Bi'5CSQ05îE
> zizlzizizizziz
Wilson’s Garage 1f
LOST—Oû Saturday night on Main Service Announcement
Sunday, January 4th
Durability of Canvas
Makes Luggage Lighter
Old time luggage was made on!.' from leather or cowhide. This nut a I heavy skin was durable and made of this lasted a lifetime :t it gave the b% eight, A bag for nier town as the “Gla Isu.n raps and extra protective rivet» d t| corners, often weighed 25 pounds empty.
Today, about 75 per cent of all luggage is manufactured following d radically different construction principle—that on which the airplane itself was built. It was about 1933, when the aeroplane became a popular mode of passenger travel, that the luggage it carried was also forced to adapt itself to the urgent demands for less bulk.
Aeroplane engineers discovered that canvas, when stretched tightly over a frame of light wood or tensile steel, was durable but light, with numerous other advantages, and quite naturally Milady's luggage followed suit and the new type? became quickly known as aeroplane luggage.
It is to the introduction of canvas as a covering that present-day suitcases owe many of their smart features.

Hodgins Garage
Street, Sbawville, a gold heart-shaped j locket, bearing Initials * S. H. ' and decorated with pearl*. Finder kindly J call Miss Shirley Hoduixs. Phone 64-W

i
The Same Reliable Service
Shaw VILL3 United Church Rev A. F. Fokes B. A., B.D. Pastor
New Years Day, Jan, 1st
11.00 a, m. National service ot Prayer | kr at Shaw ville
i.f P.00 p. iii. National service of Prayer
Stark's Corners
Sunday School—10.0J a. in.
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
\

:	excès:
' >f the t
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
X
Funeral of Miss Eleanor Lucas
&
I
$
\\
\
Eleanor Velu» Lucas daughtei of Mr. and Mrs. John E. Luca**, l Bristol township, died in the Pou tiac County Hospital on Friday after an illness of nearly three years in lier ISth year.
She was born in Bristol, and had lived with her parents near Wyman all her life,
She is survived by her parents, three brothers, James,"of Ott iwa ; Clifford, of the R.C.A.S.C., of Ot-j tawa, and Earl, at home, and three sisters, Mrs. B. Cutler, of Toronto, and Viola and Harriett Lucas, at home.
The funeral was held Monday afternoon at her home and was conducted by the Rev. A. F. Pokes of Shaw ville, assisted by Rev. XV. Beattie, of XVyman Pentecostal Church. Mr. Pokes made his funeral address from the text, 2 Peter 1 : 25—“The grass withereth, the flower fadeth, but the word of the Lord abideth forever.”
Interment was made at Norway Bay cemetery, the pall bearere were Milton, Walter, Lloyd, Percy and Mervyn Henderson and Ivan Finlan,
Ford Service
g
*p *
She II Sealed Gas & Oils
++**<#*+****+<**+*<*******<*<***************4*4*0
11.00 a. m. Service at Shawville
J. P. Wilson
1.30 p. m. — Service at Zion,
Service at Stark s Corners
(Wain Street Shawville Quebec
Phone 40
| 3 00 i>. m
*' New opportunities in 1942 7,30 p. m.—Service at Shawville
“ The lamps of life "
Connor Gas and Electric Washers
X


B T Barn Equipment
Water Bowls, Manure Carriers
N
Bristol United Church
v
St&ntions,
11.00 a. m.—Service at St, Andrews
Service at Knox. Service at Austin
Apply Medieval Shock
Treatment for Madness
Until recent times, the treatment of madness was a kind of desperate punishment. In medieval madhouses patients were sometimes bound in whirling chairs and spun till blood ran out of their ears. Others were plunged down steep chimneys onto a pile of writhing snakes.
Today psychiatrists again apply with scientific refinements something very like medieval shock treatment to victims of schizophrenia (dementia praecox). Most common form of insanity, schizophrenia packs 200,000 patients in U. S. mental hospitals. Whether social, psychological or physical difficulties cause schizophrenia no one knows. A schizophrenic may believe that he is Napoleon, or that his children are trying to kill him. Or he may fall into rigid positions, lasting for hours. For many schizophrenics there are no more human emotions—only a slow retreat from life into deathlike stupor. Less than 6 per cent are lucky enough to come back to sanity without treatment.
Until 1934, medical science could do very little for schizophrenia. Then Dr. Manfred Sakel of Vienna, now in Manhattan, announced that since 1928 he had been shocking schizophrenics back to sanity with large injections of insulin. In 1935, Dr. Laszlo von Meduna of Budapest successfully shocked schizophrenics with metrazol, a camphor-like drug. Psychiatrists the world over hailed this revival of the old medieval technique, enthusiastically ' set to work to confirm the results of their European colleagues.
After 10 years of experimenting physicians take a soberer view of shock treatment.
2.30,p. m 7.20 p. m,
Machinery
Tractors
McCormick-Deering Farm
Milkers. Gas Engines,
X
V
ANGLICAN
Rkv. K. U. Bolton, BA., L.Th
St. Paul’s
Sunday School—10.00 a. in. Holy Communion—10.00 a. in. Evening Prayer—7.30 p. m.
Holy Trinity
Holy Communion—3 00 p. m.
St. Lukes
Holy Communion—9.00 a, m.
X
X
Big Mountain Peaks in
Colombia; Rise 3 Miles
The mighty Andes mountains stretch from the extreme north ol South America down to the southern end.
x

African Native Adopts * Strange Method of Rest
Many of the dark-skinned natives of central and southern Africa knew how to raise crops before men from Europe came to their lands. Instead of hoes, they used digging-sticks. Nowadays they are provided with hoes which they have obtained by trade with the whites.
The Belgian Congo is largely covered with forests, but there are stretches of grass land. When the grass is dry, it is burnt and the ground is broken up with hoes. Sometimes all the men and women of a tribe take part in clearing the land. The chief crops are corn and sweet potatoes.
When the crops are growing, children stand on guard, and are expected to scare away animals which might do damage. They throw stones, or shake sticks, at baboons and antelopes which come near.
The hippopotamus is another animal which likes to visit gardens, especially at night. To save the crops from that beast, fences are built. A hippopotamus might easily butt down a fence, but he seems to fear a trap and let it alone.
Another soufee of food is hunting. Some tribes depend almost entirely on the game they kill. Their weapons include clubs, spears, bows-and-arrows, throwing knives and swords.
When fighting against other tribes the warriors sometimes put poison on the tips of their weapons. The poison is composed of juice from certain plants or venom taken from snakes.
African hunters kill elephants, lions, leopards, and many smaller animals. Elephants almost always are captured in traps before they are slain. Hunters of the Baganda tribe are not allowed to eat the flesh of elephants they kill, so they use it in trading with other tribes.
The northern parts of the Andes are mainly in Colombia. They rise to great heights. Some of the pcok> are more than 3!i» miles high! They are higher than Pike's peak. Mount Whitney or any other peak in North America except Mount McKinley. Alaska, and Mount Logan in northwestern Canada.
Mount McKinley rises to a height of almost four miles, it is higher than any peak in Columbia, but some other high parts of the Andes go up a bit farther. In no; them Argentine there is a peak 4*3 miles high.
The foothills, valleys and lower slopes of Colombia's mountains art covered with a rich growth of trees and other plant life.
The forests of Colombia contain trees which provide part of the world’s supply of vanilla, the flavor ing so widely used in making iof cream and cake.
Other plant products of this Soul American republic are sarsaparilla rubber and quinine. Quinine is o' great importance in fighting the dread disease known as malaria.
On mountain slopes of Colombii-and in valleys at heights of from one to two miles, it is possible t« grow almost any crop to be found in the United States. Wheat, cun and potatoes are among the thing.* More people leaving the big cities | raised by Colombian farmers, between 1930 and 1940 appear to have settled in small towns than actually became farmers.
This shift in population may have been partly a reflection of the close business conditions which prevailed during the decade. Current industrial activity stimulated by the defense program may bring a temporary reversal from the trend.
The population of the state as a whole increased only 2.8 per cent in the past 10 years in comparison with 10.5 for the 1920-30 period.
X
J. L. HODtilNS
X
X
North Clarendon Parish
Rev. P, R. Stote, in charge Cbarteris—
Holy Ccmimmion —10.30 a. m. Thorne Centre—
Evening Prayer — 2.30
Tuesday, January 6tb Euening Prayer at 7.30 p. m at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Henderson
Phone 64-J.
<
[
Bristol Memorial Church Presbyterian
Rev. Wallace MacKinnon, li. A, Divine Worship at 2 p. »n.
Moving to Small Towns
A “back-to-the-country” movement of population seems definitely under way in Pennsylvania, but it is not exactly a trek “back to the land,” H. R. Cottam, rural sociologist of Pennsylvania State college, commented in reviewing preliminary reports of the 1940 census.
Speaking About Hogs!

Sure you know that One Ton of Grain produces only two hogs.
But did you know that One Ton of Grain, plus 150 pounds of SHUR-GAIN 40 per cent. Hog Concentrate produces three hogs.
SHUR GAIN Hog Concentrate sells for only $3.25 per 100 pounds at
Synthetic for Acid Tanks
Used in Other Products
Who says you “can’t make a silk purse out of a sow’s ear ’? A few years ago engineers developed «* new synthetic, ideal for lining huge tanks of acid used in the production of stainless steel. Experiment ing with their new discovery, the engineers found it had infinite ap plications—for one thing, cloth dipped in it became waterproof. Manufacturers of shower curtains and a dozen other products demanded it, but they wanted it for their high-style lines. That meant small lots of many different designs—prohibitive because the process for treating cloth is continuous, calling for large runs of the same material.
Treat the cloth and print colors and designs afterward? wouldn't stick to the Koroseal coating. Engineers set out to develop an ink that would stick. After months they found it, and made it in every color, shade and tint.
Now it is practical to print beautiful designs in runs small enough to suit the most exclusive designer. Beautiful shower curtains to match any decorative scheme are the result—as well as raincoats, tablecloths, umbrellas, aprons. Today many of the most popular items of this sort you’ll see in the -stores are made with this synthetic that started life as the lining of an acid tank in a steel mill.
Humus Is Important in
Restoration of Soil
Just 10 years ago a brilliant young scientist made known in England his discovery of the manner in which plants obtain from the soil and air the elements required for growth.
It was simply a matter of giving back to the soil that which had been taken away—a new idea, then, but one which is now generally accepted as the basis of all scientific agriculture, whether it be the cultivation of grain by the hundred acres or garden flowers by the few square feet.
500 Alien Weeds
California is now playing host to more than 500 alien species of weeds that are costing the state millions of dollars annually worst pests among them are comparative newcomers and one or two new species are slipping across the state boundary lines almost every
Miracle Plastic Is
€ Perfect for Curtains
Imagine shower curtains which will not mildew, crack, crease, rot, fade, shrink or waterspot—and in addition are the most heavenly colors you ever saw and of a texture you love to touch. Sounds too good to be true, but along with the other miracles of modern chemistry which have given us such things as nylon stockings and lucite furniture, comes this new plastic for shower curtains.
This is not a coated or textile fabric, but is a plastic, similar to the glass-like suspenders and belts which will stretch and fhen return to original sizes. The curtains will also give slightly if pulled, but the curtain always returns to its original shape. There arc window curtains to match the shower curtains so that the bathroom may be ensembled.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO. REC’D
Some of the
“But it is not enough merely to return to the soil those elements of which it has been depleted by cultivation
gian, noted chemist of California.
“These elements, essential to the health and growth of plant life, must be restored in a form which as nearly approximates humus as possible; that is why any fertilizer, to be really effective, must be manufactured through the utilization of those same principles that made virgin soil fertile.”
Humus, as most of us know, is the dork brown or black residue that remains after decay in the soil.
Its presence is so important that neither field crops nor garden flowers can grow without it.
Humus provides a large quantity d( plant food: it also serves as a -cservoir of moisture required by growing plants
1
Ink
declares Charles A. Monoo
year. ...	, .
This estimate is made in a survey
of weed problems in the state by W. S. Ball of the state department of agriculture and Dr Robbins of the University of California college of agriculture.
Some 25,000,000 acres of California rangelands, says the survey, are dominated by alien plants
W. W
A Happy and Prosperous
New Year
now
which have replaced much of the native vegetation.
Airplane Parts X-rayed
In testing metals, X-ray shows up interior bubbles and cracks otherwise never suspected until some machine smashes up under stress. All airplane parts subject to strain are X-rayed. Navy inspectors, X-raying a turbine for a destroyer, discovered that a contractor had filled a crack in a casting with a metal plug and hidden the trick with a plating of metal. All steam tubing 1er warships is examined by X-ray; bursting steam lines might cripple a ship in action, mean horrible death for men below decks. One of the biggest jobs ever tackled, speaking of sheer physical dimensions, was the examination of 80 miles of welds on Boulder dam penstocks.
and
For the New Year 1 wish for you families Health, Happiness and

They Learn to Produce
Two years ago, Henry Ford originated “Camp Legion,” near Dearborn, Mich., where boys, wanting more than a place to cat, sleep and play, could go. The next spring 65 boys pitched a row of army tents there, and went happily to work.
By the end of the summer they had grown husky, tanned, self reliant and had more than earned their keep.
The next year, Mr. Ford financed “Camp Willow Run,” with 130 boys. The boys govern themselves in these camps. They live in tents and • at in a mess hall where they are cn plenty of good food. They m how to plant with tractors and er implements supplied by Ford.
produce is sold, with receiving a daily wage, m addition to sharing alike the remain.ng profits at the end of the sea*r, n. After the work-day they have tune for recreation sucl^ as baseball and swimming.
the
'Cleopatra's Needle*
A plaque giving a few historical details about “Cleopatra's Needle," the first explanatory notice that has ever been attached to the obelisk during its 60 years in New York, has been placed on the .west face cf the base of the monument in Centra! park.
Many visitors had inquired cf park attendants, and of the department by mail and telephone, what tr.< tall shaft of stone carved with Egyptian hieroglyphs was. Accordingly, the park department des gneo a plaque, which the New York Historical society had cast in bronze and which was set recently reads:
your
fulfilment of your longing for Victory

and
Five Civilized Tribes
civilized tribes of In* the Cherokee, Chicka Creek and Seminole
Abiding Peace.
The five

s were
Choctav
They were given this col* because cf their ad ard civilized life and eus-
H. IMISON, Photo Artist
Shawville
rites
cdive name
Quebec
ems
he ner.ie apnears in the reports United States office of Indian
as 187c when or,
t ie
ev r.y
ed that each tribe “had r>r;a 1 government, will a I and executive s. conducted upon the rs our state govt rn-entirc* expenses of which t r i their own funds."
5i U

r
Tenders Wanted
Raw Furs Wanted

U
V
—o—
h

. !\
1
'See My Branch’
When London shop windows are shattered by bomb fragments and shops are partially destroyed, proprietors vie with each other in devising original posters to proclaim their contempt for Nazi raids. A pester on one large damaged store reads, “If you think this is bad, you should see my branch in Berlin!'’
1 wish to announce to the public that | Tenders will be received up to Jan-
I am in the market fot all kinds of ' llary ]*t for twenty cords of stove wood Seasonable Haw Fur and assure highest ' an(f fifty cords of 20 inch furnace wood, market prices.	All must be good sound green hardwood
NORRIS B. HORNER, Lowest or any tenders not necessarily
Licensed Fur Dealer , accepted Sbawvill Que
Cleopatra's Needle. This obelisk erected first at Hr.’iopc
roved
tl
t
was
I gypt, in 1600 B. C. It was to Alexandria in 12 B. C by the Romans. Presented by the Khedive ni Egypt to the City of New York, it was erected here on February 22, 1181, through the generosity of Wil-
H. Vandercut."
b
i a
differed from most heir lards were t*elr me basis as réserva patents or deed with certain re to alienation end rover
c
t
Apply to
The Superintendent Pontiac Community Hospital
Rhone 43
e

i
uns as
/
1

;
\


)
«
1
d
