###PAGE###1###
1 $1.50 per annum n Advance I 2.00 to the United States
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. 1939
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:,
No 15, 57ru Year
GEORGES CARON |COWLING
BUSINESS COLLEGE
PERSONAL MENTION
F Zion À » ni versa i*y Chicken Sup per U being held on Wednesday oveniiig, Oct. 4th. Supper at hx o’clock. 'Brief program, rrluee.
35 and 20 cents.
Shawville United Thanksgiving Supper la being held Monday, Oct. Uth—Thanksgiving »lght--in the Sunday School room. I rices » and 20 cents.
A Chicken Supper will be held at Murrell's Community t nail.
ISrSSdil
Shawville Hardware
». A., ». C L.
Advocate, Barrister
At Campbell’* Bay Friday, Saturday and Monday
Mia* Vera Kktt, ot Pembroke, visited friend* here over the weekend.
Mr. ang Mrs. Garnet Stark, of Ottawa, spent the week end With relative* in town.
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school ba« removed to larger and finer premise*. The finest and most
( )n t i i io ¦•¦PPll
school with an established reputation. Open all year.
Aladdin Lamps
W. G. OHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
QUE
Mr. and Mr*. Borden Hobbs, of Ottawa, visited their relative* in town on Sunday.
Attend a
SHAWVILLE
W. I. COWLING, President
M. W. BRAITHWAITE
Principal
Miss Edith Pritchard, of Wyman, wa«* a week end guest at the home of Dr. and Mrs. Powle*.
EVELYN M. PALMER, L.D.C.M.
Teacher et Piece, Theory of Week and Harmony
Protect your eyes and use
Zion United Church Anniversary,
Mrs. J. Haskin, of Ottawa, vieit-Zion United Church will hold ed her daughter, MU# Isnbel Has Anniversary services on Sunday» kin, Reg No, for the week end.
ESHEÎ
SÆtXwl», Wednesday «'
heV"™;' JVJh”,.A.r,rSr,8;°LS,ïn	Vo„»u-UvrP
cellent supper end brief program. with fiends. In this district and A quiet but pretty wedding	. ___ „ „ ___
Prices will be 35 and 20 cents. relatives at Beachburg.	ceremony wus solemnized at the HARLAND 0. ROWAT
-------- , Q . home of the brides parents, at|
*********	3% S2îæta$?3a Se#Slte I
The Shawville United Young father, Mr. Edward Hodgin-, at w|ien Margaret Louna, daughter People's Union are holding a Charter!#, for a few days this of Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Duff, was	SHAWVILLE. QUE.
3È&SM& t asr-¦»	arA^rstfstir:
fnn hi, office until October flth. «JXÆÎSïiîSIlS., . bi.B.1
nper was served to immediate
fativee.	,	, ,
Mr. and Mr*. Young left on a motor (trip to Toronto, Sudbury and other points.
For travelling, the bride wore
mulberry sheer wool with navy	J|	m ¦
blue coat trimmed with grey wolf At Pontia House, Shawville, Que and navy accessories.	|	5 e:ary Friday evening
The young couple will reside at Bristol, Que.	,	^
Out of town guests weie Mr and DONAT Le GUERRIER Mrs. B. H. Cprtgu and Mr. John T 0. Young, of Toronto ; Mrs. J Harold Henderson, of Carletou Place, and Miss Margaret Young,
JAMES A. MILLAR
Aladdin Mantle Lamps
$5.50 and up
I wish to inform the public that 1 will be at Mrs. Lindsay Armstrong's residence, Main Street, Shawville, Tuesday of each week.
B. A
• #
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
HUH,Que*
AtPontiacHouse, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
AtMoyle’a Hotel, Campbell’s Bay,
•very Wednesday morning.
129 Main St.,
on

Phone 23—14.
married
an
Full line of supplies always on hand
t
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGlllUnlverelty
Est. C. J. Caldwell
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME

Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc,
Office : Campbell's Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
Shawville Fair
service
rwK’rs1	-
•KKE-5
SF î-Sfessi
srss.'vs rass/fs
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A. LL. B., C.L. Advocate, Barrister etc.
Main Street - - Hull, Que. Phone, Sher. 1354
All
re
Special Baking Powder
Blue Ribbon Baking Powder
Easy Prize Money — $3.00, $2.00, $1.00
<
»,
¦ •A., LU.
Notary Public
Teacher*' Association Meets At Shawville High School
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
The Protestant Teachers' As- |of Ottawa, socintlon of Pontiac held their first meeting of this term in the
Shnwville High School on Sat nr-	G ARE AU—CARS WEI.I.
day afternoon Inst, with Principal, yt Andrew’s United Church,
C. L. Douglas, presiding, ami ! Bryson, was the scene of a pretty about 40 teachers present.	- fall wedding Thursday morning,
Inspector G. A. McArthur, of Septt,mi,e,. nth, at 0 30 o'clock.
Aylmer, was the s|»ecial speaker wjien Miss Edna Mae, daughter of and he gave some useful bluta O” y,. Robert Uuswell and the late teaching in rural schools.	Mrs. Carswell, of Bryson, Que.,
In the business session plnns became the bride of James Wilfred - made for school displays *n« Qnrean. eon 0f Mrs. J Garean and
...r‘Edith“cIKmiÎ. IS >'r.	B a W«5K«llS. I At <	=“s*dr.Bsr.
Jack Tolhurst were appointed aj ed ftnd Mrs. b. T. Hurd man played every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 pm.
ecssaffisisc! a-rtîRBrt, s?,is&i «	™
Association.	-	., wore a Burgundy crepe dres*. with
The election of officers For the touche# of blue, and off the face ensuing term resulted as follows - Burgundy velvet lint and a veil,
President, Miss A. Bronson, Port Burgundy shoes aud glove*. She Coulonge ; vice-president, .“ÿ9 NVas attended by her sister, Miss Amy Corrigan, Shawville, and the | Iva well* who wore a plum secretary • treasurer, Miss Hilda co|onre(| dress with g rev accessor Harris, Charter!».	|ie!a Mr. Grant L'arswell, brother
of the bride, was be*t man. Din ing the signing of the register.
Mrs. Arnold Hamilton sang, ‘I
Aid. Ad-
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
The best halff dozen Tea Biscuits
—Made with Blue Ribbon Baking Powder.
Empty Blue Ribbon can must accompany exhibit
pioneers
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT .. BARRISTER 189 MAIN STREET
pad

PHONE, 2-22
HULL, QUEBEC
were
3lTbe parade, which formed at Lodge room, was headed by
t ssss-SK
CroU,.rv D.'ll O M .
ESëSIsf
¦	¦ basing hi* remarks on
director of ceremonie*.
spo
Mis
Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m
the
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
Robin Hood Flour -- Extra Prize Money
609 Drummond Medical uildirg Drummond Street
Robin Hood Flour Mills—Make a special offer to duplicate some of the prizes in the Baking Contest—Provided the baking is done with Robin Hood Flour.
Shawville W. M. S
MONTREAL, ;QUE. PLATEAU 63 8 8
nive sermon
—a an •
special speaker for the evening was Rev. A Day, of Quyon, who gave an address illustrated by lantern slides on hi* missionary work among the Indians ot Not tli western Canada. The scripture was read by Mrs. John A. Dean and prayers were given by Mrs.
A. A. Smart and Mr*. John Murray.
Refreshments were nerved by two of the groups.
as
DfV WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West
MONTREAL, QUE.
Last Minute Fair News
for 1889 Fair, this
i
The program M m are especially pleased to be able to
r;:	¦
North and elsewhere, the announcement you received This year greater effort has been
eXUt^A^nml^S u'K-rge of
üg2d—UorpurBtion,-
Klmside and Otiyon, are plaoinsc their handicraft on display
b,8brf"&’“‘n!” Ï” OnmiLd
The Special Excursion this weekend give» friend* in Ottawa a reasonable return trip to Shaw ville Fair.
Information regarding Specials:
exhibit of chiok* purchased in 1U3U that Hatchery, by non member, particulars from tueir executive.
I
Mr*
Johncox—Cochrane
A quiet but p arleninized at 7 Malm tic United church,. Malartic, One , on Saturday, September 10. 11199, when Lillian France* Coc-h rane, daughter of Mr. and Mr*. Bryson Cochrane of Fort Cou longe, Que., became the bride of William El lard Johncox, non of Mr. and Mrs. Bishop Johncox, of Shawville.
The bride was gowned in a navy blue .two piece ensemble and cessories to match while a corsage of roses added a decidedly pretty touch She was attended by her sister, Mrs. IrXvin Ross of Malartic.
dress and
Sales slip showing purchase of Robin Hood Hour
must accompany exhibit
* «-tty wedding was 90 o'clock in the
BELAIR 3 257
D. J, CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
See the Prize Lists for particulars.
Phonal 1.
Surprise Party Given
Mr. and Mrs. Orstiam Davis
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
at*
Dental Surgeon
A large crowd gathered at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Graham Davis in a surprise party, to wish them prosperity, as they arc | ¦ to Shawville in the near
Ex
Graduate of McGil University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
Shawville Fair, Sept. 28, 29, 30
who wore a wine crepe matching accessories with a sage of roses similar to those worn by the bride. Mr. Johncox was attened by the bride’s brother-in law, Irwin Ross of Malartic.
After a brief wedding trip, the couple will reside at Larder Lake, ¦	the bridegroom is
cor
moving future.
A purse was presented to Mr. and Mrs. Davis, by Percy Cruick-shank from their neighbours.
Although taken by surprise, Mr. and- Mrs Davis thanked their neighbours for the gift and good wishes, and wished their neighbours an enjoyable evening. “For They are Jolly Good Fellows”, was sung by the guests.
Mr. and Mrs. Davis and family J J P ¦¦	be highly missed by their
R, VV. Hoixhns, Bee ty meats were served nt midnight.
At Campbell * Bay from Friday night to Monday nigh of each week.
Ont., were	________
engaged in mining.
The wedding music wa* played by Noel Raybolt, of Winnipeg, who is engaged in the Eist Malar-
tic gold mine.	•	_ A .
This wedding was the first to be solemnized in the new United church at Malartic. The cere, mony was performed by the] minister, Rev ft* W. MacQnarrie.
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.

Eye, Ear, Nose and Tkroat Specialist
fro
Quebec
Shawville
Ol
will
OTTAWA. - ONT.
MOM, I—7M1
>


###PAGE###2###
n»*ÏÏSu
boiler until thick, ntirrlng constantly. Cool. Add vanilla. Place meringue on top mode by adding teaspoon cornstarch, egg white# and sugar, beaten In usual meringue manner. Bake IS minutes a light brown.
an ancient dressing table. If both these young men were In love with her, when she was practically engaged to Nick Baum — what a mess, what a dreadful mess It had all become!
Her thoughts were broken by the sound of the door opening, and Hannah beckoned her from the room. She led Claire to the recess of a deep bay window.
"1 caught her red-handed! Going through your bag," she whispered.
Put Nothing Past Her
‘‘What do you mean, Hannah ?"
"Just what I'm sayln'. 1 came into your room and there was Susie, rummaging 'round In your own things. She kinder giggled and said you sent her for something."
Claire shook her head. "No, that was her own Idea. But 1 can't imagine what she was after. 1 never knew her to do anything like that before."
Hannah shrugged. "1 never have put anything past that woman."
"Oh, well, you're prejudiced, Hannah. But I'll speak to Susie about it." She walked back to Bob’s room, more disturbed than she wanted the maid to know. For some time she had been conscious of a growing suspicion of Susie, and this news did not in any way lessen the feeling. She determined to have a straight talk with Susie as soon as sh j could leave Bob. She had promised Pat to stay until he came back.
Why Doesn't He Come Back?
But the hours went by and Pat did not return. At last Claire called Hannah and went downstairs to see il she could find him. The house seemed deserted. Dan Dallas had been sent down to the village for supplies, but where had the housekeeper disappeared, a«d why didn't Pat come back?
JOIN THE
k
T
T

W

A
A
i

A
A
L
B
-
?
I
BANBURY TARTS
% tup chopped raisins, dates, currants
1 tablespoon chopped citron peel % cup chopped walnuts
1	cup brown sugar
2	eggs
juice and rind of one lemon Mix first six Ingredients togeth-then add egg, lemon, and rind and mix thoroughly together. Have plain flaky pastry ready, rollout to usual pastry thickness and cut In piece® four Inches square. Put a small amount of mixture on each piece. Fold In envelope styles moistening edges with cold water. Then mark the edge with fork. Bake In hot oven 20 minutes until pastry Is brown.

K
L

À

S
E

STAMP CLUB
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
fl]
'VA
FAVORITE SMALL PASTRIES
With the return of Autumn, In preparing our menue, It le quite natural that pastries will be appearing a little more frequently the fresh fruits tor desserts gradually disappear. The tart has become a universal favorite and a rival of the pie. These small pastries can be as plain as you wish or as dainty and frivolous and as “partified” as you desire. Fillings and garnishee can all be planned according to the Individual requirements and demands of the household. There Is a certain definite daintiness In Its Individual form — and most practical as the lunch box provides an opportunity for Individualizing It.
Pastry for tarts to be perfect must be of a flaky nature.
1 am giving you the favorites of my household:
leruv
# F<h ten cents end the label end. showing the teapot trademark, from any packet of SAL ADA TEA we will send you a Beginner's Outfit of i 1—64 page Stamp Album, t—100 all-different stamps. J—Big list of thousands of stamps offered Free in exchange for SAL A DA labels.
SAL ADA STAMP CLUB - 461 Kins St. W., Toronto
I
er,
1
at
wwg
f
*
HOUSE OF SHADOWS
>
» by Ida R. Gleason
0 «936 NEA Strvkt, lac
PECAN TARTS
1	tablespoon flour	,
% cup brown sugar
1-8 teaspoon salt
2	eggs
1 cup milk H teaspoon vanilla % teaspoon almond extract % cup choppen pecans
Mix flour, sugar, and salt. Add beaten eggs and milk. Cook in a double boiler until thick — add the nuts and flavoring. Pour into pastry lined tart tins and bake for 2 minutes In hot oven, cream added to top, lends a delicious flavor
teeth kept bright and attractive with
the help of WRIGLEY'S GUM.
a cigaret lighter, lie made his way along the damp passage. Once he thought he heard a noise ahead but could not be sure it wasn't a bat. The walls showed unmistakable signs of having been excavated for mining purposes, though there did not seem to he any cross cuts, as
BEGIN HERE THIS WEEK
CLAIRE FOSDICK sets out to drive to the lonely mountain home left her by her eccentric uncle, LYMAN FOSDICK. Claire is trying to decide whether to marry NICK BAUM, to whom she owes money. She also hopes to find a valuable and mysterious jewel owned by her uncle and believed to be hidden in the house.
Her car is wrecked by a log that has been placed across the road.
~ PAT MAGAN. an old friend, and BOB STEELE, young engineer, arrive on the scene and take Claire to the mountain house, where EB BPRATT and his sister, SUSIE, are the caretakers.
Claire goes to her room for the night. She sees a curious arrow carved on the wall, pointing to the cupola. Lamp in hand, Claire goes to the cupola. Suddenly and noiselessly, the lamp is shattered.
Next morning Eb Spratt disappears. Bob Steele sets out for the village and is found seriously injured.
HANNAH. Claires housekeeper, arrives. Pat, trying to solve some of the mysteries of the place, wanders into a deserted mine. An unseen opponent attacks him and Pat rails.
• • •
œi
tf JiJ J 1 "a

yet
Pat's last match was gone., and he ,was afraid the clgaret lighter would give out. He decided to retrace his steps, and slipped the clgaret lighter In his pocket. He was certain he could find his way back without its help and he might need

BUTTER TARTS
2% tablespoons butter 1 cup brown sugar 1 egg, beaten well 1 teaspoon vanilla
% cup seedless raisin-»
% cup shredded coconut
% cup chopped pecans Have tart pans ready lined with pastry. In the meantime cream the butter, add the sugar, egg, then fruit, nuts and vanilla within an eighth of an Inch of the top of dish. Bake in hot oven until light brown,
butterscotch tarts
1 cup brown sugar x
1	tablespoon butter
2	tablespoons water .
*4 teaspoon vanilla
1 teaspoon cornstarch
1	tablespoon cornstarch
2	egg yolks
1 cup milk	,
1	Tablespoon fruit sugar
2	egg whites
Boil brown sugar, butter and water together until sugar Is dissolved. Mix milk, cornstarch and egg yolks, well beaten together, and add to sugar syrup. Cook in double
GET SOME TOOAYI
Whipped when cool,
Deep Breathing Achieves Poise
Awkward, Nervous People Usually Breathe Incorrectly
it
Strong arms seized him from behind. and he found himself in the grip of an antagonist as clever as ho was muscular. After the first shock of surprise, Pat’s fighting Irish blood rushed to his rescue. Twisting sharply, he managed to jerk one arm free and plant a blow that crunched tellingly against the firm flesh and bone of his adversary. The thought flashed through his mind that at least he was not fighting a ghostly enemy. Again and again he struck out In the Inky darkness, evading the clutching hands that gouged at his eyes.
Once for a brief second he gripped his opponent’s hand in his own, and his mind automatically noted the fact that he would always know this man if he ever met him again, for the little finger of that hand was cut off know n was a past master of all the devilish tricks of an underworld fighter. Pat realized that it was a battle to the death. The blackness and silence added to the horror. He could be killed here without anyone being the wiser. Perhaps Eb—
Once again he landed a smashing uppercut, then felt himself being battered backward along the slimy, rotting boards that formed the flooring of the tunnel. Desperately he braced himself and tried to regain his lost position foot stepped suddenly into space, and Pat felt himself falling down —down into darkness.
Your Household Problems
Have you fussy eaters in "your family? Do you have trouble providing a far ltd and interesting menu? Do your cakes fall? Then write, enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie B. Chambers, care of this paper, and she will endeavour to solve your problems.
Fill tins
Correct breathing wtl. give you poise.
Is your voice high and shrill? Are your gestures quick and Jerky? Do you dart here and there and bump into furniture? In cooking, do you burn yourself ofien? dishes slip from your hands and smash? Do you narrowly miss being run down by taxi cabs? Do you arrive wherever you are going in a state of breathlessness?
Then undoubtedly you lack poise and it is equally certain that you habitually breathe short, quick breaths from the upper part of the chest. Mental poise will deepen
but deep, rhythmic breathing will restore your mental serenity automatically, too.
X Circulation Will Respond if your housework seems to be a series of disasters, stop and do a little deep breathing. It may seem to slow you up. but you won’t have so many mistakes to correct.
If the world eeema all wrong,
breathe deeply will respond and give ycu a sense of poise and well being agriin.
<To Be Continued)
Women Make
Suggestions
Do
i
Y our Carriage
Is Important
Hold In Tummy If You Want To Wear New Styles
On Public Needs — Women’s Institute Members Name What’s Wrong with Civic Governments
He began to save his breath and energy, stopping at brief intervals, I hen trudging on again. Whatever rise the man in white might be. he was sure a bang-up mountain climber, Pat decided, after several loops of the trail. In which he did not seem to be gaining on his quarry. What if. after all, be was following some image of his own imagination, inflamed perhaps by lack of sleep and anxiety over Bob?
He shook the idea from his mind and peered ahead. Yes, there was no doubt about a distinct white figure crossing a shale drift at this very minute.
“No spook ever had to be that cautious started cm again.
A Tussle In A Mine
As he rounded the curve that brought him to the edge of the shale, he was astonished to see the man in white vanish suddenly from sight.
“Well. PU b across the sliding, sharp particles, every bit of his sense of balance brought into play to maintain his position on the shifting footing.
At last he was over. Before him yawned the entrance to an old minew Could this be what the arrow meant? Every claim in this part of the country was duly recorded, as he well knew, go why the mysterious hokum on Lyman Fosdick's part?
The hole explained the disappearance of the man in white, however. Pat determined to investigate further since he had come this
Women have their own ideas on what's wrong with their city, a recent Women's Institute roll call at St. John, N.B., disclosed women say the needs are:
An organization for the suppresion of malicious gossip.
A town manager and a woman councillor.
Enforcement of the by-law prohibiting expectoration on the city streets.
Enforcement of regulations regarding the protection of foodstuffs offered for sale.
Regulation to keep little children off the streets at night.
Appointment of a truant officer to check up on the children absent from school.
Arrangement by which all street sweeping and cleaning is done at night.
This un
It is not less boring to be told as an adult how "to carry yourself" than It is, as an adolescent — nor youngsters plagued nowadays to "stand up." Anyway, we have to say it: attention must be given to new posture or carriage so that the flat stomach that makes the bustle profile look right, can be achieved. It takes a little concentration, if you’ve been comfortably or stylishly slouchy. though that sort of thing has been in the discard this many a season.
Control by the Corset However, for those who have not quite the spine, figuratively or actually, to put the stomach In its place or out of sight really, corsets are going to come to the rescue in heroic fashion. It is unquestionably important — this flat stomach — for, whether skirts are prominently bustled or moderately full at back only — the smooth front, particularly over the tummy area, Is vital.
The
breathing automatically —
city’s greatest
more
are
Fall Headlines
%
Hats To Match Your Frocks
a
2801
one size
vs

Your circulation
4

His
it


Pat told himself, and

Eggs 4k A Dozen
)
* Z
Rev. J M. McCurlie, pastor of Knox Presbyterian church here, says the Walkerton Herald-Times, returned from n vacation spent at Stettler, Alberta. Although the yield in practically everything in Alberta is the nest in many years, the prices are abnormally low. Citing instances, Mr, McCurlie told of his nephew taking 127 bushels of oats to the elevator and receiving $12.50 for the lot, which averages about eight cents a bushel. His niece sold 16 doz. eggs for 63c, which is slightly better than 4 cents a dozen.
CHAPTER VII
Claire watched alone at Bob Steele’s bedside. Hannah had gone to get a room ready for herself and Susie was busy about her kitchen duties. A foreboding stillness hung over the old house. Only the sound of the breeze in the pine tree and the faint, uneven dripping of the eaves could be heard. Claire moved to the window, hoping to see Pat returning.
As she came to the side of the injured man she noticed that his eyelids fluttered. She laid her cool hand on his forehead.
"Claire.” White lips formed the
A
\ N
/
\
/

, \
(
>1

Pat hurried on
1
Longer Jacket
Fitted, Flared
f

Wy

Stout Women Can Be Dressed Well
x
A 7AW»
Autumn 1939 Suits Show Some New Ideas



1
Clothes Need Not Be Uninteresting
The tailored silhouette this season shows a decidedly longer jacket in wristlength, very fitted, but slightly flared so that they give further authority to the big fashion this season of small waistlines and wider hips. The shaping of these jackets is made more conspicuous by the fact that they go over short narrow skirts which are definitely favored for smart tailor-mades.
Suits have a dashing slightly mannish air, taking inspiration from the great-coats of the French Revolutionary period.


!
r>
f;
If she’s large, the smart woman wears black and other dark colors a great deal. But she knows the difference between being conservatively dressed, uninterestingly so. Her black frocks are enlivened by touches of frosty white. Her costume jewelry is imaginative. Her hats are a charming medium between extreme and conservative. She realizes that a large figure generally looks silly in ultra-high, very slender heels.
If her upper arms are rather on the plump side, you don't catch her in evening gowns with narrow shoulder straps. She manages to find formal dresses with shoulder and sleeve treatments which hide the excess poundage.

' I pray Thee, O God, that I may be beautiful within."
word
"Yes, Boo. I'm here. What is it? "Dear, I—I love you mur trailed into silence, and Claire knew he was still unconscious.
For a minute she stood looking
»
the mur
%
—Socrates
A
,x)
B
far
“Might as well be a complete idiot while I’m at it." he told him-
INSIDE INFORMATION"
Of
down at Bob in amazement course it was only delirium; Bob didn't know what he was saying. She turned away and caught a
glimpse of herself in the mirror of
self
For Indigestion or CONSTIPATION CLEANS! INTERNALLY the Garfield Tee acts promptly, pleasantly, MILDLY. Nat s cure-all, but certainly effaa
The entrance was «till well timbered. he discovered, as with the aid of a box of matches, and later
i

Vv.
constipât!
Al
dmp-stores—
5i
25c end 10c.
'§£
By LOUISE LENNOX
/
/
»
FREE SAMPLE
It is smart to match your hat to your dress or suit this season. Choose the type best suited to the costume from these four brand new styles. A perky, pointed crown and softly gathered cuff-brim makes a hat that you can wear with many different types of street and simple afternoon wear. A beret, either tailored or soft is a charming compliment to a street dress. For you- new frock with back fullijbss or a bustle you simply must have a bustle hat with a large bow to cover the hair in back. All four styles are included in this one pattern and all are easy to make for yourself, out of fabrics to match your dresses and suits.
Stfle No. 2801 is designed in one / size, adaptable to any head-
IWrite 19i
Carfiski Tea Ce
//;

GARFIELD TEA
The quickest way to cut new bread is to dip you knife in boiling water every few minutes. Wipe it dry before cutt'ng.
¦ipr Canadian families
enjoy eating delicious, crunchy, nutty-flavorcd Shredded r Wheat, regularly, every day. It's good for them because it brings them all the energy of 100% whole wheat. It's nourishing and delicious, besides being convenient and economical. Start eating Shredded Wheat today. You'll agree that it agrees with you.
Fhredded WSeet Company, Ltd.

#4
I Vle*c Ave., T«r««lo
Canada

DOUBLE AUTOMATIC BOOKLET
I
04 fâ

The Canadian


i-

&
3


i

Em»
Size;
Sénd Fifteen Cents (16c) (coin is preferred ) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421. 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto plainly your Name, Address and Style Number size you wish.

ytoow for -mts familiar
•aCKAGE at YOU# !%00 STORE


me
Write
æ


C/ui n teefe t

Be sure to state
NONE
FINER
MADE


'39
Issue No. 38
CIGARETTE PAPERS
MADE IN CANADA - OF CANADIAN WHEAT
B
###PAGE###3###
Members of Essex Scottish Regiment Take Medical Test
SCOUTING
EXCUSE ME
BUT BIG BEN
GIVES YOU YOUR ^MONEY'S , > \ WORTH / 1

It is taken for granted that the Boy Scoute of Canada will rise to the situation created by the new war for the preservation of democracy, as did their predecessors of Scout ago during the period of the “Great War” of 1914-18.
While strictly non-military, in accordance with the principles of the organization, the service was of great practical value throughout the war. Indeed it is not too much to say that but for the organization and training which made the Boy Scouts of 1914 immediately available, some of the important civilian activities incidental to the war would have moved at a slower pace.
%
- v'.*
¥
$

<£©
T. 4
%

/'I
%
r :
*
m
vn

/*> -


5 •

5£t
I
I





2




*
i
r

y


L
In practically every city, town and village, the Scouts were there, in troops or singly, to run messages on wheel or afoot, to help at a refreshment booth, a bazaar, a fund-raising entertainment; to usher at meetings, or wash dishes in a Red Cross kitchen.
I
»

y
i
i
>>
%

t
Ah the general war work developed their activities broadened. They were used in connection with Victory Loan campaigns, and Red Cross, Y.M.C.A., and other patriotic fund drives. They met troop trains, and acted as guides and messengers. Later they met the trains of returning sick and wounded, carried their luggage, and assisted in every way possible.
fallow has been largely dispense! with in favour of the "ploughlaas fallow*’ by surface cultivation. Is Kastern Canada, ploughing sol land in the summer with after-ban vest cultivation where weeds art troublesome, and ploughing in lati fall on less weedy land, have bofcl "proved superior to spring plough ing, especially on heavy soils. OtH advantage of summer or fal ploughing Is that It facilitates tin early seeding of cereal crops that experiments have clearly shown U be very desirable.
communities there was such service as the sawing of the winter’s wood for war widows, doing chores and running errands over long periods for families without men folks.
A
Members of Kssex Scottian Regiment are shown undergoing a medical examination at Windsor, Ont., as they enlisted for voluntary military service in the defence of Canada.
Viking Blood Bestowed Here
Numbers of Scouts gave valuable service in hospitals, one Winnipeg Scout putting in a total of some 600 hours in hospital attendance. 'One Toronto Scout was credited with 690 hours at the folding and packing of bags at a Red Cross depot.
The above records were noted In connection with the award of special Scout war service badges, of which 2,486 were issued by provinces as follows: British Columbia, 118; Alberta, 132; Saskatchewan, 390; Manitoba, 231; Ontario, 864; Quebec, 494; New Brunswick, 100; Nova Scotia, 156.
What Science
How Can I ?
BY ANNE ASHI.EY
1$
Norse Infusion Beneficial To
Other Lands
At Halifax, Saint John, Quebec and Montreal, they met hospital ships. In the country districts they aided farmers whose farm hands had joined up. Many city boys also did long weeks of farm labour, through the harvest or the fruit season, without pay, or turned their earnings over to the Red Cross.
Q.—How can I clean out the holes in the coffee holder of the percolator?
Doing
*
*
Norway la a rugged northern land, whose effect on the rest of the world has been out of all proportion to the sparseness of its population. In ancient times and in the modern world a vitality has gone out from Its savage mountains and fertile glens which few countries, sleeping in the sun, have been able to equal.
Full of Vitality
The Norse people, 1,000 years ago, bestowed their enduring blood on neighboring regions over an arc of thousands of miles. England, In particular, but also Scotland, Ireland and northern France, are also partly Norse.
This infusion was not by choice of the peoples infused, but was the consequence of raids performed by the dreaded Vikings over two centuries. The Vikings were not called benefactors by their contemporaneous victims, but such the countries have proved them to be, for the Viking drops In the native streams have certainly had a quickening effect.
Place some coarse salt In the container, then hold It under the hot water faucet, and allow the water to wash the coffee deposit and salt away.
Q.—How can I mend a rip In an otherwise good raincoat?
Paste a piece of adhesive tape larger than the slit on the
It will
A
Elephants are being thinned out in South Africa because thef damage crops.
EXPERIMENT WITH SILICOSIS
Two members of the staff of the c-xandra Sanatorium at
Queen
Byron, Ontario, Dr. D. W. Crom-d J. L. Blaisdell, will test the effects of a new treatment for filiecsis :n the Porcupine mining area of Northern Ontario.
The nvestigatiom of research expert* *how that metallic aluminum prevents silicosis in animals. The
In large quantities over long periods cf time shows no effect on the general health of the animals and no damage to tissues animals whose lungs on analysis contained one per cent, or more of metallic aluminum showed any evidence of silicosis up to seventeen nnd a half months, in contrast far well developed silicosis in the quartz control rabbits In seven imonthc.
bie
No Need To
A
The wives and families of soldiers overseas were looked after. One Toronto Troop, in addition to a large war garden of ite own, planted and tended 16 gardens for the wives of soldiers. In smaller
under side of the coat not show end the coat will be as
RUB
good as new.
Q.—How can I make a good linoleum polish?
Mix one cup of melted paraffin, two cups of kerosene, and three tablespoons of turpentine.
Q.—How can I treat perspiring feet?*
A.—One of the best remedies is to powder the stockings with one part of chlorinated lime, one part prepared chalk, and one part of powdered starchy Also bathe the feet daily in cold water.
q.—How can I remove indelible ink stains from a garment?
Equal parts of turpentine and ammonia will remove these Saturate the cloth thor-
AND
West Indies Seen As New Dominion
s’&tion of aluminum dust
n
A
SCRUB
“A Londoner’s Diary” in the (London, England) Evening Standard said yesterday the West Indies Commission will recommend that a new dominion be created to be known as “The Dominion of the West Indies ”
The West Indies now have the status of crowr colonies.
The diary said the commission will also recommend extension of small holdings, enabling large, non-productive estate^ to be divided to grow fovd. Establishment of a West indies university will also be recommended.
The diary predicts the report will be delayed until December through differences between Lord Moyne, chairman of the commission, and Sir Walter Citrine, secretary of the Tiades Union Coun-*
No
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
t
1.	—Should a person listen to
gossip ?
2.	—Isn’t it considered inexcusable for a guest to be late when invited to dinner?
3.	—Is a house guest supposed to keep her bedroom in a neat condition?
4.	—Should a man omit the Mr. on his business cards?
5.	—What is the real definition
of a coquette?
May one use thé knife to
cut open a muffin?
Answers
UsE a solution* of Gillett'i Pure Flake Lye to take the grease off pots and pans. Use it to keep clogged drains running freely. It cuts through heavy dirt of any kind . . . just washes it away!
•Never dittolv lye in hot water. The
IRRADIATED FISH KEEPS FRESH
&ra food of the future may be kept from spoiling for longer periods of time through the use of ultra-violet rays, as a result of experiment? conducted by the U S. Bureau rf 'Fisncriea.
A
•UMg.	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
oughly in this solution, allow to soak for a few minutes, and then rinse well in warm water.
Q.—How can I make a good whipped cream substitute?
Grate one apple, add two or three tablespoons of sugar and one egg white, then beat until light.
n
Have You Heard
6
A
DELICATE PLANE INSTRUMENTS
Delicate instruments to measure if cord vibrations in the of airplanes have been
heats the
When one listens to gossip, it is merely encouraging a bad habit in the other person. It has been wisely said that “Narrow-minded and ignorant persons talk about people and not things, hence, gossip is the bane of the age.” 2.—Yes, it is very inconsiderate and rude unless, of course, the delay is caused by illness, an accident, or some such reason. Under those circumstances it would be inconsiderate of the hostess to
Yes,
Otherwise she is
t 1
and
structures developed by the National Research Council at Ottawa. It is expected to be of value to aeronautical engineers in their efforts to increaie the safety and reliability of aircraft.
'0


Fingerprints
Never Change
Advantages Of Fall Ploughing
“So you remember away back bo the Revolution, do you?” asked » gentleman of an old Negro.
de Revolution an* Gin’l Washington an’ all dem. Sure do.”
*
V
“Yassah

Fifty-Year Test Shows Their
Permanence
f/i
rJ
It Facilitates Early Seeding of Cereal Crops —Superior On Heavy Soils
-A
“Perhaps you were a witness to the fall of Rome.”
“No, sah. Ah didn’t see it, but Ah recollec’ bearin’ somethin’
PASTE CURES ULCERS
Slowly-healing ulcers and bed sores which resist ordinary medical treatment, respond dramatically to a new type of medicated paste which can be prepared by neighborhood pharmacists. The base of %he paste is either pectin cr tmgseanth gum.
Canada, Argentina and Australia provide the bulk of the wheat entering world trade. Exports from the United States, the Soviet Union and the Danubian countries •how wide fluctuations, but are often
A
W. N. Jennings, of Philadelphia, has completed a fifty-year test of the permanence of fingerprints. He has reported to the Institute of Applied Science, Chicago, a comparison between a print of hie right hand made fifty years ago and one made recently. He made the first print a half century ago for the purpose of ascertaining whether the configurations on the skin of the fingers, then proposed as a means of Identification, would remain unchanged during life. When the test period was reached he again made a print of his right hand. It shows that the characteristic lines on the fingers have not changed and that it would still be possible to Identify him from the half-century-old print. The old and new prints are published In "The Journal ’ of the Franklin Institute, Philadelphia.

Experiments conducted *by the Field Husbandry Division, Dominion Experimental Farms, have now shown that shallow ploughing produces as high yields as deep ploughing at a considerable saving In power requirements more, tillage beyond that required required for weed control and reasonably good seed bed preparation has no beneficial effect on yields.
Surface Cultivation In many districts of the Prairie Provinces, ploughing for summer-

resent the guest’s delay. 3 by all means of^en a “one time guest.” 4.— Yes. His card should read, Arthur L. Harris. Only such prefixes as Dr. and Rev. are used on a business card. 5.—Webster says, “A woman who endeavors without affection to attract men’s amorous attention, especially by playful arts; a flirt.” 6.—No. Bread of all kinds should be broken -with
drop.”
o
FREE BOOKLET — The GiDett’e Lye
“That’s a fine girl you’ve married,” said the Old Friend.
“Yes,” said the Angler, absent-mindedly, “but you should have seen the one that
Further
it
per*
free copy to Standard Brands Ltd.,
A vc. and Liberty
got away.”
Jimmy, who had been climbing trees, came in for the second time with his trousers torn.
“Go upstairs and mend them yourself,” ordered his harassed mother.
Some time later, she went up to see how he was getting on. The trousers were there, but no Jimmy.
Puzzled, she came downstairs, noticing as she passed that the cellar door, usually shut, was open. She went to the door, called down loudly and angrily, “Are you running about down there without your trousers on?”
The reply came sternly: “No, madam, I’m reading the gas meter.”
Issue No. 38
39
the fingers, never cut
hstantial
Classified....
Advertising..
PERSONAL
AGENTS WANTED
QUIT TOBACCO, SNUFF. EASILY, inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials. Guaranteed. Advice free. Bartlett's. Box 1, Winnipeg.
AGENTS WANTED—IN ALL Districts In Canada for Indestructible Household Necessity. Send 26c for sample. Money refunded if satisfied. London Vending Co., 26 Wolseley Avenue. London, Ont.
\HSIPIP flSte
not
6
PHOTO FINISHING
UPTONS
a
EDUCATIONAL
EIGHT ENLARGED PRINTS 26c. Special offer for summer. Free colortone enlargement with any order of 26c or more. Films developed and 8 enlarged double aimed prints 26c. Reprints 4c each. Canada Photo Supply. Box 121, Toronto. Canada’s Largest Phot# Finishers.
MEN WANTED IN EVERY CITY. Sell Dexter Weatherproof service shoes, greatest shoe value In Canada. Complete line of boots and shoes for men and women. Also raincoats and windbrealters. Free selling outfit Dexter Shoe Company. Limited
Movies’ Value
In Educatipn
STUDENTS NOW ENROLLING FOR Courses in Matriculation Story
Shorthand and Speech Culture. Make use of your spare time
dence
229 Yonge St.. Toronto
Short
Journalism. Advertising.
today. Canadian Correspon College (established 1902)
Montreal
Dr. B. V. Morkovin, head of the cinematography department of the University of California at Los Angeles, believes that moving pictures are becoming more important In education. Dr. Morkovin, a recent visitor to Winnipeg worked with Walt Disney, creator of animated cartoons, for five years in an advisory capacity.
In the -cinematography department at the university, first of its kind in America, students are also taught both the technical and dra malic side of firm production. And they are trained to become directors, technicians,» sound men and studio operatives.
Dr. Morkovin has a film specially designed for those with poor hearing.
”It teaches lip reading and is an Innovation that will be used more and more as time goes on," he also said. “Deaf people have profited by this type of/fllm.”
IT'S RICHER
AND MORE SATISFYING
o
MARY CHICKS
PORTABLE SILOS
STENOGRAPHIC
day and
SECRETARIAL
accountancy course» night school: home study or prl-
Business
School. 2 Atlas Avenue, Toronto.
There was a young woman called Lena
SPRUCELEIGH WHITE LEGHORN Pullets, farm-ranged. May-hatch-
delivery, |1. each.
GET THE MOST FEED VALU* out of your corn this season by storing It In a Keenan Portable Silo. It will keep your ensilage In perfect Condition at only m fraction of the cost of a permanent silo. Sold In sizes of 10 feet to 16 feet diameter. Includes everything necessary for erection. The cost Is small Write for prices. The Keenan Fence Co* Owen Sound, Ontario.
FEEEH
vate tuition. United
ed. September Wood’s Poultry. Route 6 wood. Ontario.
Who bought a new vacuum
dona;
But while working one day She got in the way.
And since then nobody has
HAIR GOODS
LOOKS
8
WIGS, TOUPES. TRANSFORMA-lions. Switches, Curls, and all types of finest quality Hair Goods. Write for Illustrated catalogue. Confidential, terms arranged. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co., 528 Bathurst Street, Toronto.
from Lipton’e 1 lb. end Vt lb i>acka<ee.
XNCEit AND FOODS WITH A note on Soil Fertilisation and Milk. A Resume of the latest Scientific Findings, price 50 eta. by C. G. 8. Baronsreather, MA, M.D., LLB.. 11029—81 Avenue. Edmonton, Alberta._____
SI
oc
•ena
able for Wm Ro|
Si I v *» rpl ate. Write tor
The following sign is posted by the roadside as you enter a Western town:—
4,076 people died last year of 29 inhaled it.
47 put a lighted match to it 4,000 stepped on it.
“Can you toll mo why Hitler has remained a bachelor 7" “No... Why?”
“Because he strongly objects to any form of encircle at."
** y W
USED FURNITURE FOR SALK
Lipton Upton Toronto
GOOD USED FURNITURE:	8 PC.
Dining Suite $15.00; Chesterfield Suite $20.00; Chesterfield ue# Suite $39.50; Studio Couches $ll.g 9 piece Dining Suites, like new, $49.50; Breakfast Suites $20.0#. Hundreds of other articles. Writs us for your requirements. Ter arranged. If necessary. McKenna Furniture Co..' Ltd.. 526 Bay SL Toronto.
HEREFORD CATTLE BOTH SRI
DONT MID - WHITE OINTMENT
sen
AND SUFFOLK
1
SOUTHDOWN
Sheep, both sex. 1 mile east of No. 4 Highway. Lot 14, Concession 15. London Township. Gordon O’Neil. Denfield. R R No. 2.
gas.
QUICK RELIEF FROM IRRITA-lion and itching caused by piles and
commended. Money I entirely satisfied. Price 76c a Jar White Mfg Co.. Box 164, Toronto Ontario.	.	•
Highly re-back if not
hemorrhoids
i
1
MACHINERY AND SUPPLIES FOR
SALE
,
%U -haivujvd TEA
FILMS DEVELOPED
WANTED
NEW AND REBUILT MACHINERY of every description. Shop supplies and tools romed. The A. R. Williams Mach. Inery Co., Ltd., 64 Front Street. West, Toronto.
USED ELECTRIC INCUBATOR wanted, any size. 2506 to $80# capacity preferred. Apply R.>x Oil City. Ontario.	'
20c FILM DEVELOPED. PRINTED
nt. Speedy and
Mount
Enquiries wel
and one Enlarg Model Photos, Box 60. Denote. Toronto* Ontario.
St.
I
ARl
ABU
###PAGE###4###

berta, 783,000 (778,000); and British Columbia, 701,000 (751,(XX)).
Live births in Canada last year were given at 229,183 compared with 229,235 ¦¦¦¦H Marriages increased to
THE EQUITY
HODGINS
GARAGE
SHAWVILLE, SEPT. 28, 1939

$3.25
in 1937 88,398 from 87,800
Maple Leaf, 98 pound Bag y® Purity
Robin Hood Castle Ivory Keynote
Harvest Queen 44 Three Stars Nelson Golden West Winnipeg IXL Big Ben Sterling
We strongly advise you to buy at these prices. Flour will prove to be valuable property
x
3.25
\
44
«4
44
Quebec Elections Called tor October 25th

3.25
44
44
44
Still Resist Innovation
In 1913, seven years after his pat *nt for the vacuum tube was granted, Lee de Forest was indicted on a .•barge of using the mails to defraud. In his attack the district attorney remarked: "De Forest has • aid in newspapers and over his own signature that it would be possible :o transmit the human voice across he Atlantic before many years 3ascd on these absurd and delifcer itely misleading statements the nisguided public, Your Honor. ha,« >een persuaded to purchase stock n his company m examiner in the electrical division of the Patent Office, told this o the National Electrical Manufac urers association recently just to show that we are still as resistant o innovation as were our forebears, vho thought that iron ships would >u k and that the wheels of loco mo ives would spin oh slippery tracks vithout getting trains anywhere.
3.00
Premier Duplessis announced m statement Sunday night that Quebec provincial elections will be held October 25, nominations October 18.
“The Government of the province, conscious of the rights of the people, has decided to submit to the electorate questions of the greatest importance, of which, the most wtal onys
the Union Nationale chief said in his statement.
“Invoking the pretext of the war, declared by the Federal Government, a campaign of assimilation and centralization, manifest for several years, is accentuating itself in an intolerable manner.
44
a
44
44
Oldsmobile,
Service
3.00
«<
Chevrolet,
Sales
«<
44
I
3.00
44
44
44
3.00
44
44
3.00
44
44
44
2.90
44
44
44
some have arisen recently
2.75
44
44
44
2.60
44
4«
44
2.25
44
44
\
44
A D. McFadyen
Fence
Requirements
2.25
For Your
44
44
44
2.25
44
44
44
“Ministerial orders have been passed by Ottawa, by virtue of the “War Measures Act,” with the desire and the effect of centralizing at Ottawa, because of the war, all the finances of individuals, municipalities, provinces and
the country m general.
“All attempts, no matter from where they come, of which the effect and consequences are to deprive the provinces -of revenues which they need and which belong to them by virtue of the constitution, for the purpose of exercising their rights and tilling the needs of their people, constitute a most reprehensible attack against provincial prerogatives ”
In his statement the Premier said, the opinion of Quebec's electorate, “in moderate, energetic and traditional language, can be voiced in the next elections ’
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REC'fl.
Try Frost Steele and Wire Company’s Famous Tight Lock Fencing
NOTICE
Best Known Designer
Thomas Chippendale, whose name s perhaps best known of all the amous furniture craftsmen, worked ijmost exclusively with mahogany vood He developed four variations >t style, a development and refinement of the Queen Anne. Gothic. Chinese and French motifs The •ally Chippendale furniture was not I ways so comfortable because of he sharply curved decorative >acks The early pieces by Chip tendale bore characteristics such as he cabriole leg. center splats and >nvs. pierced and scrolled.- The lad-1er backs he made at a later date ird he also made the fret backs arid # square backs It is interesting to note that the claw and ball foot supposed to have been used by him docs not appear in his own book.
Only Young Unmarried Men Accepted
Province of Quebec l Municipality of Clarendon f
Public Notice is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident j householders of this Municipality, that, the collection roll of Municipal Taxes, as established by the Municipal Council of Clarendon has been made and completed, and that it now is and will remain in my possession for inspection by parties interested, during thirty days from this notice, during which time it may be amended ; any ratepayer may, during the said delay, complain of such roll, which will be taken into consultation and homologated, with or without amendment, at the meeting of the Municipal Council to take place on the second day of October, at the place where meetings are usually held at the hour of one o’clock in the afternoon; but such delay expired it shall come into force and every person interested ; after having taken cognizance thereof, if he so desires, shall pay the amount of taxes to the undersigned, at his office, within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty day.*, without further notice.
Given at Shaw ville, this second day September, 1939.
During 1914 Canadians were worrying about not getting to Europe in time to take part in the fight. Again, men who want to get into the scrap are held new orders come forward daily.
It cost very little more per acre for a good fence that will hold the stock in place while you slumber. We have a good assortment at present.
\
\
\
up as
First shook was the “no conscription order, now it has boiled down to "only young men, and unmarried, are wanted”. —Renfiew Mercury.
\
Highlights of War Polity
^ Following are highlights of the Government's war policy announced by Hon. Ian Mackenzie :
Organization of two divisions to be Available as an expeditionary force, volunteers to be reattested if already enlisted.
An immediate contribution of trained air personnel, coupled with intensified air training in Canada so that pilots and airmen may be available for active
Could the Allies Withstand The Cry of "Peace”?
J. L,. HODOINS
Phone 64 J.
With the Poles practically crushed it
Some I there are
may be a short war who believe that now Hitler has conquered Poland he will sue for peace.
Then the problem comes. Could Britain and France, with the world being told continually by Hitler that he has now taken Poland and desires peace with boundaries as they are, continue
attacking Germany. -
Everyone in Canada will say, as they did about the Kaiser in^l918 ; ‘ Hang Hitler !” “Put Germany under international government !’ But with & svreecl.er crying for peace as he did for , Britain and France would have
more world worries.
Should the Allies again let this German nation off with the imposition of a fine in sums of money which will never be paid, it could only be said that the Allies have lost another war, and with all speed prepare again to keep the Hun from the gate.—Renfrew Mercury.
L/izizizizixiZi/izizixixtz' zizizyizizizizizu
Spain in France
One of the striking anomalies in
savs the National Geo
DALE’S TINSHOP
geography
Assistance to the British Govern- graphic society, "is that a small por ment by facilitating purchase of ma- t.on of Spain is entirely surrour.de; teriak in Canada involving, in the first | by France To put it another way instance, “repatriation of Canadian there is a Spanish town (LI;via) :n securities hold in London.	Fiance. It happened tins way:
Program for constructing large mini- V\hen the present bound at y cet\\ een ber of anti-submarine and mine sweep- the two countries was estaol sl.ed ing craft, and further consultation with nearly 300 years ago, it was in» British Government on program of con* vided that F rance shou d h«\e the «truction of larger ships.	'villages of the olci Pyienee.s prov
Naval personnel to be doubled, naval ir.ee of Cerdagne Llivia, the capita
etc res increased and port facilities im- Of Cerdagne. was no village, how lu.(iVe,i	ever, but a 'town by charter
1	Spain, under the letter of the tieaty
retained it "
:
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Findlay Super Oval Range
The finest range that money can buy
L S sizes and 5 different ' colour schemes
'
war
JOHN A. DEAN, Set-Treaa.
Municipal Council of Clarendon
Sc
NOTICE
Notice to Ratepayers of Examination of Collection Roll
??
People Will be Told the Truth About the War
London—The Ministry of Information will supply “true information” and "authentic news to the British public and the foreign press, Lord Macmillan, minister of information, told the House of Lords
pression, and least of all ministry of depression,*' Lord Macmillan said. “Nothing could be more dangerous than that we should be allowed to brood in ignorance and be victims of rumors and unofficial gossip.’’
¦ Findlay Furnaces
99 Insures Your Heating fig Comfort for the Winter Months.
^9 Let us quote you prices
ffl
SHAWVILLE FAIR
Province of Quebec | School M unci pal ity of Clarendon
i
This is a ministry of ex
PUBLIC NOTICE Is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this School Municipality, that the collection roll of school taxes, as established by the School Commissioners of this Municipality, has been made and completed, and that it now is and will remain in my possession for inspection by parties interested, during thirty days from this notice, during which time it may be amended ; any ratepayer may, during the said delay, complain of such roll, which will be taken into consideration and homologated, with or without amendment, at the meeting of Commissioners to take place on the 4th day of October, 1939, at the place where meetings are usually held at the hour of eight o’clock in the evening ; but suck delay expired, it shall come into force' and every person interested, after having taken cognizance thereof, if he so desire, shall |>ay the amount of his taxes to the undersigned, at his office, within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days without further notice.
. Given at Shawville, Que., this 29th day of August, 1939.
PRESENTS
DALE’S TINSHOP
Friday, September 29th
i
10 00 a.m,—Judging of Horses in Society Classes
10 30 a.m.—Judging of Cattle, Sheep and Swine in both Society
and Special Classes.
1 30 p.in.—1st game of Soft Hall Tournament.
' Shawville.
Shawville Quebec
Changes in the Dominion Cabinet
dJ5 f	-LIT5 foil
Reorganization of the Federal Cabinet was announced Tuesday night, Sept. 10, from Ottawa. Four portfolios are in-
Bryson vs
Purse $75.00
2 00 p.m.—Trials of Speed. 2.27 Trot or Pace
Horses eligible from July 1st.
High Class Program in Front of Grand Stand with New and
Improved Flood Lights
volved in the wartime changes, those of defeme, pensions, labor and Postmaster-
ESTABLISHED .1888
generalship. Hon. Norman McL. Rogers diops the Labor portfolio and becomes
Hon. IaÉÉM&c-
INVALID
COACH
M inister of Defence kenzie, Defence Minister up until Mon day, takes over the poitfolio of Pen nions and National Health from Hon. C G. Powei, wh<> is now Postmaster General
Hon. Norman L McLarty, appointed a abort time ago as Postmaster General.
8 15 p.tn — Cattle Parade.
8 35 p.m.—Judging of Horses
GEORGE HYNES St SON
Shawville Boys' Band in attendance both Days and Nights
The new Labor Minister is
Directors cf Funeral Service
Saturday, September 30th
1 30 p in.—Judging Specials in Horse Classes.
1	30 p.m.-Sjft Ball, Queen’s Line vs. Shawville.
2	00' p.m.—Trials of Speed
Free-for-all. Puree $100.00.
Soft Bail—Friday winners vs Saturday winner*.
Shawville, Que.
Red Cross to Send Materials Overseas
Toronto, Sept. 20—Norman Summerville, president of the natioual executive of the Canadian Red Cross Society, announced today the work of supplying 'materials for the British and French Red Cross Societies would be begun immediately sent out to all Canadian Red Cross branches and co-operating organizations
"As the result of direct cable contact with the British and French Red Cross Societies” Mr. Summerville said, "we are today in receipt of information as to their most urgent needs.
"With the requirements known both for future needs or our own soldiers and of the present needs of the British and Allied forces, the Red Cross now appeals to the people of Canada to provide these supplies.”
Phone 80
2.22 Trot or Pace Purse $100 00
JOHN A. DEAN Secret ary - Treasurer
School Municipality of Clarendon
30 p. m.
4 p.m. —Parade of Prize winning Cattle,
Music by Shawville Boys’ Baud, for Day and Night Show
NOTICE
Instructions are being
Beattie’s Eye Service
Night Show in Front of Grand Stand with High Class Program
Province of Quebec \ Municipality of Shawville I
/Public Notice is hereby given that the list of Parliamentary Electors for the Legislative Assembly, for this Municipality, is now made and completed and has been approved by the Municipal Council of Shawville, at their meeting on September 18th, 1939, and that copies of these lists are now, and will remain in my possession, for the inspection of all parties interested.
Given at Shawville, Que, this 19th day of September, 1939.
Jackson’s Midway
With Six Rides find High Class Concessions
Excellent Meals by the Community in the Dining Hall
Round Dancing in Wilsons Hall and Square Dancing in the Theatre Hall both evenings, with Shaw’s Orchestras, of Renfrew, Ont., in each place
Dr. Geldert’s Broadcasting Unit on the ground»
to announce the events.
Thirty-five years of successful Optical -Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If you wa%t to see as you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
Canada's Population Now 11,195,000
Population of Canada on December 31s:, 1939, was estimated by the Dominion Bureau of Statistics at 11,195,000. ¦ increase of 98,000 compared with 1937. Thrre was an increased population in every province of Canada.
Population by provinces was estimated as follows with 1937 figures in brackets: Prince Edward Island, 94,000 (93,(XX)) ? Nova Scotia, 648.000 (648,000) ;	_ _
Brunswick. 445.000 (440,000) ; Quebec, 3,172,000 (3,136,000); Ontario, 3,731,000 <3,711,000); Manitoba, 720,000(717,000); flaskatchewan, 941,000 (939,000); À1-
HARLAND C. ROWAT
Scientific Eye Examinations
Secretary - Treasurer Municipality of Shawville.
ADMISSION :
50c
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
In and Out Ticket*, each day...................
One Admission, adult...........................
Children, under 12 years.......................
Children, under 14 year, free on Friday
35o
an
Standings in Quebec House
Standings in Quebec provinces 90 seat Legislative Assembly before its dssaolution on Saturday follow# ; ,	¦
Government (Union Nationale), 71
Liberal...............
Nationalist, .............
Dissident Union Nationale
15c
35c
Autos
T.T. BEATTIE,
Professional Optometrist
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS
New
R. W. HODGINS,
Secretary.
LORNE ARMSTRONG.
President.
11
5
3
e e
7
###PAGE###5###

m

m


Service Announcement
8EAWV1LLB ÜM1TKD CHURCH
Hkn a F. foBKa B A.\)LD. Va it or
Sunday, October l a ! , -
Zion Anniversary Services
130 |> m. and 7 30 p m. -
( at preacher. Rev. If H. Mutton | of Greenwood, Out. Re-opening of the church closed for a month for decoration and renovation.
11.00 a.m—Service at Shawvillu
7.30 p.m.—Young People’s Religious Rally, led by Shawville Y.P.V. Special speaker, Mr. Leslie Dean, President of Stark's Corners Society. All young people of the district are invited.
3 00 p.m.—Service at Stark’s Corners
The Pastor wilt preach. Subject : Keeping Faith in Stormy Time*.
The Equity
Quality Shoes
House Furnishings
1
, Beisbll
PUBLISHED EVERT T1IVR8DAT AT
SHAWV1LLB, QUEBEC
You’ll Admire
Dr. Still’s Selected Calf Oxfords with built in
steel arch, and solid leather soles. Extra value at $3.75
ANNUAL 9UB9URIPT10N
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
$1.60
# e
2.00
Brown Calf Brogue’s—A favorite style with men Good Year Solid Leather Sole
As the days grow shorter and the Autumn
. not so far away....
All arrears must he paid In full before ariy paper Is discontinued
$3.95
Season approaches... we begin to think of Home Furnishings.
W. G. COWAN. PUBLISHER
Other lines from $1.95 to $6.00
with
$2.95
Simplification of Word»
In Writing Ie Gaining
William the Conqueror was to blame for many of the orthographical peculiarities of the Eng.ish Ian-guage, according to Professor De Witt Clinton Croissant, head of the English department at George Washington university, writes Roy Eastin In the Washington Star.
"English was originally ,» phonetic language,‘and the Norman scribes thought that they were writing it phonetically. But they heard the language differently and they used a different set of symbols/* Professor Croissant said. He has advocated simplified spelling for more than
SüÊIÈËkÈÈÈÊNÊÊÊÊKÊÈÊÊÊÊIÊÊÊÊÊ
His .fight is gradually making progress, he believes, and cites the changes in government documents in spelling “catalog" instead of “catalogue" and "cigaret" instead of "cigarette."
The adoption of some newspapers of such forms as "thru," "nite" and "tho" are considered steps forward by the professor.
As examples of the progress made, he cites James Howell’s grammar of 1662, which recommended that "logique" be changed to "logic" and "sinne" be changed to "sin" and that "bodilie" be made "bodily," all of which have come about.
Johnson’s dictionary of 1775 is blamed by the professor for "crystalling our spelling."
"The words with their unnatural spellings were embalmed and since then it has been considered sacrilegious to disturb the corpse," he said.
Noah Webster was an advocate of simplified spelling, and his first dictionary contained forms far more simplified than even the Simplified Spelling Board recommended. Henry Holt, late publisher, estimated that a 15 per cent reduction in the cost of books could be brought about by leaving out silent letters.
Work Boots—Brown full-grain leather leather soles. Special............
You are cordially invited to visit our Furniture Parlor at any time, when you will find on display everything in Floor Coverings, Bedroom Furniture, Bedding, Living-
Furniture, including Chesterfields,
Studio Couches, etc.
Bristol United Church C. ARMSTRONG SALKS, B. D.
Sunday, October l
St Andrew» Sunday School 10.00 a. m. M 41 Service	11.00 a. m.
Service
See our line of Gloves, Shirts, Socks, etc.
For both dress and work
Knox.
Austin,
2 30 p. m.
Sunday School 10.30 a. m.
7.30 p. m.
room
Agents for Renfrew Dry Cleaners
Service
Phone 43
~	ANGLICAN
St. Paul’h Sunday, October l
8.00	a.in.— Holy Comminion
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School 11.00 a.in.—Holy Communion
7.30	p. m.—Evening Prayer
St. Lvkr’h
1.00	p. in.—Sunday School
1 30 p. m.—Holy Communion
Holy Trinity
2.30	p. m.—Sunday School
3.00	p. m.—Evening Prayer
Parish ok North Clarendon Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge Sunday, October 1
10.30—Onslow Corners, Morning Prayer
2.30—	Thorne Centre, Evening Prayer
7.30—	Chart eris, Evening Prayer
Norris R. H orner
Clothier and Haberdasher
New Pall Patterns ,.
A
Gold Seal Congoleum Rugs and Congoleum Gold Seal by-the-yard
/¦#.
Beautiful new patterns of Barroleum by the yard two yards wide Rockfelt, two yds. wide 50c
A large range of patterns to
choose from
PRINTING
O?
75c
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside
firms.
Let us do your :
»
*
Zion Y. P. U. Reorganized
Zion young people gathered in the Sunday School room of their church to re organize the Y. P. U. for the Full and Winter. Her. A. F. Foken presided and conducted the election ot officer», which whs follow» : —
President. Eileen Walsh ; vicepresident, Oils Draper ; secretary, Delia Tinpin» ; ass t secretary, Gilbert Walsh ; treasurer, Einerv Eliott ; conveners, devotional, Hazel Elliott ; literary, Ernest Tippin» ; missionary, Stella Gump bell ; social, Doris Elliott and Helen Walsh ; recreational, Laura Barber and Enid Connelly ; organist. Mrs. Wes. Hynes.
It was decided to hold the meetings on the first and third Fridays of each month, the next meeting ing held on October Oth to take e form of a social evening.
Simmons’ Bed Outfits and Bedding
i
+-T
b 1
I
/
‘A
A!//
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices,
Statements,
Posters Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
/
/
/
V
f

'
ll
It
« Mt N l| 1>
II
>
I


Diamond - Backed Turtle Saved by U. S. Fisheries
Diamond-backed terrapins, headed for total extinction a few years ago, apparently have been saved as a species through the efforts of the U. S. bureau of fisheries, according to the Washington Evening Star.
In the gay nineties this reptile was a sytnbol of sinfully extravagant living. Such high prices were paid that all the sounds, estuaries and swamps along the south Atlantic coast were scoured for the creatures. By the turn of the century they were fabulously scarce
The demand dropped off with prohibition. This probably saved the terrapin, since it gave a breathing spell and an opportunity for, the government biologists to get the race on a secure footing again Up to date more than Ufr.O'K) young have been shipped from the bureau of fisheries station at Beaufort. S C., for restocking, the salt marshes of the southern states The brood stock of the station, most of which was born in captivity during the past 15 years, consists of 571 males and more than 2.000 fema’es.
New methods of incub ltion devised by Dr. H. F. Prythervh from Ise a considerably larger production in the future.
\
I
as

The real kind, right from the Manufacturers ; Setter than any Catalogue House advertizes.
Blmside Womens Institute
The monthly meeting of Elmside Women’s Institute was held at the home of Mrs. Chabot, Bristol Mines, on Wednesday afternoon, September 20tli, with a good at tendance.
The president, Mrs Murray, presided, and the meeting opened with the opening ode and creed. In the absence of the secretary, Mrs. Percy Bnllantyne took the
minutes.
The School Fair on Friday, Sept. 10th, at EUnside Intermediate School was very.successful, with 120 pupils competing. The entries numbered 500.
Arrangements were completed for the exhibiting at Shawville Fair and for helping in the Tea
Boom.	,
The program was m charge of the Convener of Education and Better Schools. The precis of the report of Quebec Protestant Education Survey, was given.
Mrr. Williams a visitor from Manitoba, gave a few interesting items of Institute activities in that province. A full report ot the Provincial Convention at Macdonald College, was given by Mrs. Percy Ballaiityne.
Meeting closed with a sing song, after which delicious refreshments served and a social hour

THE EQUITY
#
PHONE, 75
If you are in the market this Fall for House Furnishings, it will pay to visit our Furniture Parlor ; »
you
the most modern and up-to-date
MacLean’s
Show Room in the County of Pon-
RED & WHITE STORE
I
tiac.
• 9
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
Pickling and Preserving Necessities
!
Jem Jars, quarts per dozen $1.25
“ pints
to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
$1.00
44
n
44
Successor
I
25 cts.
a
a
Zink Rings
06 “
* All-American Roofing ' The asphalt shingle is the only all-American roofing material It is not only used on three out of every five houses, but it is the only popular type roofing to be originated and developed in this country. The first mineral surfaced asphalt shingle made by H M. Reynolds, of Grand Rapids, Mich., in 1902. The shingle was an immediate success, but it was not until the war that it received its first great acceptance. Since that time its use has increased steadily, spurred by an increasing demand for a fire-resistant roofing, and by a growing popular preference for more colorful roofs.
a
a
Rubber Rings XXX Pickling Vinegar, per gal. 40 “
Picklirg Spice, 4 oz. pkg
were » pent.
Minutes of South Onslow School Board
Roy 6. Fraser
10 “
School
Supplies
05 " 10 “ 28 “
55 “ IS "
2 " “
a
a
Gifts, Novelties
Flowers,
Mustard, pure, bulk, | lb. Keen’s Mustard,
September 8, 1939
A meeting of South Onslow School Board, held on above date at the usual place of meeting, all members of the
Board being present.
On motion of Comr. Burden, the minutes of last meeting were confirmed
a*On motion of Comr. MacKechnie, the following bills were approved viz :
A Mulligan, lumber to No? 3... |5 20
Telephone Calls.......• • • •
On motion of Comr. Burden, theSec-Treas. Was instructed to write for permission to have Grade 8 taught in both No. 3 and 4 schools—Carried.
On motion of Comr. Ainm the meeting then adjourned.
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886
tin
44	44
was
Phone 160
& “ “
n

Parawax, per pound
Tumeric Powder, Mustard Seed, Celery Seed, Cassia Buds, Alspice Buds, Curry Powder
and Stick Cinnamon.
Inks,
ee
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We invite your patronage, orders of g 1.00 or over, phone
ns collect, gô 00 or over phene us collect
and we shall prepay... ....
Pens,
Pencils,
Scribblers,
Note Books, Fountain Pens, Evcrsharpe Pencils
On

On orders of
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
will remain in my possession, for the lion of all parties interested.
at Shawville, Que., this 5th day of September, 1939.
mk	JOHN A DEAN,
Secretary Treasurer Municipality of Clarendon
NOTICE
ins
ipec Given
Province of Quebec Municipality of Clarendon
Public Notice is hereby given that .	. ol ... the lists <>f Parliamentary Electors for
lüS§ WÊÊmMÊèÊm
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
I os. A Steele, Sec.-Tress
Strong
THE CORNER STORE
and 11 p.m.
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
Estate Mrs. It C. Howard
Main and Centre
SHAWVILLE,
SHAWVILLE FAIR September 28, 20 ,80
QUE.
r
Street, Shaw ville.
SHAWVILLE - QUE
###PAGE###6###
After roaring across the saline lake bed twice at Bonnenvllle Salt Plats, Utah, to make the old five kilometre, ten kilometre and tee-mile marks look slow by comparison, the big Briton began planning for the future — and a goal of 4M miles an hour. > r*
“I hope ultimately to achieve that mark/* Cobb commented after hoisting the land speed record te 361.74 miles per hour and adding three new marks to his string.
Speed King To Go Faster Yet
Ontario Tries
Winter Barley
In Many Centres Recruits Are Flocking To Join Canadian Forces
m
i
In response to Inquiries about the.auitsblllty of winter barley for Ontario, Mr. Robert Keegan of the Field Husbandry Department, Ontario Agricultural College, gives the following brief statement: —
During recent years there appears to be an Increasing Interest In winter barley In Qntarlo, and some very high yields of grain have been reported.
This crop has been In field tests at the Ontario Agricultural College for many years, but has not been unreservedly recommended to the farmers of Ontario as no variety yet tested has been hardy enough to ensure a crop In seasons following severe winters.
Experimental results at the College and the experience of farm-who have grown winter barley indicate the following facts about this crop: —
It Is not as dependable a crop as spring barley, but, when not winter filled, It produces exceptionally high yields.
The quality of the grain Is generally excellent.
It can be grown on well drained land in parts of the province where the snow cover Is good and where winters are not too severe.
It matures very early and thus gives an excellent opportunity to control weeds by after harvest cultivation.
Since summer cultivation Is necessary to provide a g growing this crop give# good control of weeds as partial summer following can be practised both before seeding and after harvesting winter barley.
John R. Cobb, M-year-oid Loo
don fur broker, is supreme ruler
of the straightaway speed world,
after smashing three more International automobile records, but he yearns to go faster.

*

#2
r ,
By William Ferguson
This Curious World





V
1*3111

I
uxsmmm.
V Y

tÆv >x^

the:
A#

HAS NOT EMERGED
ENTIRELV FROM
m
A
er*
/CE
V
»


DOLPHIN
Recruiis are flocking to join Toronto militia units at the rate of more than 500 a day as Canada brings her arm y up to full wartime strength. The ABOVE pictures show members of the 48th Highlanders parading at Toronto, while a long line of applicants are pictured at one of the recruiting stations, BOTTOM, waiting to
join up.

BALUOON, BUILT IN ENGLAND	_
IN lôie, WAS COVERED WITH THE PREPARED OUTSIDE MEMBRANE OF THE ___
LARGE INTESTINES OF
70,000
OXEN' y

I seed bed.

-<•

BE
Claims Indians Not Decreasing
Christ as predicted Here will be a righteous and just government, everlasting government. It will be a government set up not by men, but by God, its King appointed by God himself.
The Righteous Judge
Isa. 11:1-5.	1. And there shall
come forth a shoot out of the stock of Jesse, and a branch out of his roots shall bear fruit, (a) And the Spirit of Jehovah shall rest upon him, the spirit of wisdom and understanding, the spirit of counsel and might, the spirit of knowledge and of the fear of Jehovah. Here is pictured the endowment (by the Holy Spirit) of the Messiah with eminent prophetic gifts and qualifications for his ministry earth. How is each one of these gifts of the Spirit of God manifested in the earthly ministry of the Lord Jesus?
5)1
¦SmS,
Sunday
School
Lesson
an
Man Who Never Heard Of Hitler
Population Rises One Per Cent A Year On This Continent, Government Official Says
IN THE SOUTHWEST
UNITED STATES,
Only 10 miles from Downing Street, London, lives a grey-halred hermit, Henry Tillyer, 74. He knows nothing about Hitler and little about the war.
Henry boiled a can of tea over a fire in the wooden hut he built on a lonely lane In the village of Har llngton, Middlesex.
“Hitler?” he said. “I don't know what you're talking about. I've heard folk talk about him but who Is he and where does he live?"
Can’t Afford Newspapers
Henry explained he cannot afford newspapers or radio and mostly reads the Bible.
Shown a gas mask, Tillyer decided it would be a good thing to keep flowers in.
"I've heard nothing about any crisis except the one I had a few weeks ago when my but burned down,” he said. “That was the biggest for 40 years.
Contrary to popular belief, the North American Indian Is not decreasing In numbers, according to Dr. H. W. McGill, director, Indian Affaire Branch, Ottawa, who addressed a seminar conference at the Royal Ontario Museum, Toronto, recently.
Dr. McGill says there Is a natural increase of about 1 per cent a year In the population of the Indians. This applie% he declared, to the purebred tribes on reservations, as well as to the interracial mixtures. The last census in Canada, five years ago, showed a total of 112,500 Indians, Dr McGill said, and he was confident the next census would show a substantial increase In this number. Adjustable To Modern Conditions
In relating facts which showed the Indians were readily readjusting themselves to modern conditions, Dr. McGill mentioned that the Caughnawaga Indians from Montreal' Island were the best structural steel workers on the continent and were In great demand.
CACTUS PLANTS SOME-
TAKE. ROOT AND ON THE BRANCHES
IMES
ROW
G
LESSON XIII
ISAIAH: FORETELLING THE BIRTH OF THE MESSIAN4C KING.—lea. 7:14 9:1-7; 11:1-5 Golden Text.—His name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace. Isa. 9:6.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time.—Isaiah prophesied from about 740 to 701 B.C. The prophecies in this lesson were uttered approximately at 734 B.C.
Isaiah is beyond question the greatest of the Old Testament prophets. In a prophetic activity extending through a long period of varied experiences and historical change, he has given us one of the grandest monuments of inspired thoughts and utterances. The name Isaiah means “Jehovah saves.'*
8-S
‘ SCIENCE, after reading the earth’s rock record books, bam reached the conclusion that the last ice age will not be finished until Greenland and Antarctica are free of Ice.
1
on
THE TORTOISE
3. And his delight shall be in the fear of Jehovah; and he shall not judge after the sight of his eyes, neither decide after the hear-
4. But with right-
22	Neat
23	Because.
24	Ocean.
25	Harmony.
26	Plaything.
27	Therefore. 2» Deposited.
30	Eccentric wheel
31	Sacks
33	Merriment
34	Most of its species their eggs.
35	Vagatxmds.
36	Side bone.
37	To portray.
HORIZONTAL 1 Pictured tortoise.
7 It Is a- marine
(PU.
3
CORDELL
5
ing of his ears, eousness shall be judge the poor, and decide with equity for the meek of the earth. And he shall smite the earth with the rod of his mouth; and with the breath of his lips shall he slay the wicked. 5. And righteousness shall be the girdle of his waist, and faithfulness the girdle of his loins. The girdle is the symbol of vigorous, unimpeded strength. Christ is righteousness incarnate and all his judgments will be according to his character. He will know all circumstances, all motives.
HULL

13 Angels.
15	Egg-shaped.
16	To rent.
17	Dunce.
16 Constellation. 19 Bone.
21	Idant
22	Ebb and flow of ocean.
23	Suitable.
24	Mineral spring
25	Glared clay block.
26	Male cat.
27	Scanned.
28	To evade.
30	Heart.
31	Plank.
32	Some.
33	EU.
34	Soul.
35	Cravat
36	To drone.
37	Pitcher ear.
36 Road.
39	Fish's organ.
40	Melodies.
¦i
Mid
B



Mid
A cow in Zebekeny, Hunary, has given birth to a calf with two heads, which have four eyes, two tongues and only two ears.
Prophesies Christ’s Birth
%	14. Therefore the Lord himself
will give you a sign: behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel. This prophecy was given during the reign of Ahaz, in the midst of calamities. The child is a sign or a pledge that God is with his people. This is a truly Messianic passage. The word “Immanuel” means “God with us.” Isaiah believed the Messiah to be different from, higher and more divine than any other person who had ever appeared in human history.
Isa. 9tl-7. 1. But there shall be no gloom to her that was in anguish. In the former time he brought into contempt the land of Zebulun and the land of Naphtali; but inthe latter time hath he made it glorious, by the way of the sea, beyond the Jordan, Galilee of the nations. 2. The people that walked in darkness have seen a great light: they that dwelt in the land of the shadow of death, upon them hath the light shined. Isaiah here prophesies the terrible Assyrian invasion but says that in the midst of it there will be hope and light. (Zebulun and Napthali were tribal areas in northern Palestine, directly west of the Sea of Galilee.)

7	Chest bone.
8	Type standard 39 Cavity.
9	Any wrongful 40 Amphitheates
center.
10	Bugle plant. 41 Mast.
11	Musical note. 42 Stir.
12	One who runs 44 High
41	To dip in.
42	Troops.
43	Charts.
45 Paradise.
47 Its lower
shield.
49 It is
54	Strain.
55	Adherence
VERTICAL
2	Consumed.
3	To rot flax.
4	Transposed.
5	Gliding.
6	Ode.
I
act.
NOTES
RADIO
Imputes Success To Upbringing
mountain.
14 Garden tool. 45 Bird of prey. 10 Some of its 46 Poem.
46 Note in scale.
away.
NEWS
AND
% species	JHp
to a great age. 49 Exclamation. Intention. ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I 20 It» young < its way ou
By MADGE ARCHER
Educator Doubts Heredity Is Influence In Making Families Advance
50	Subsists.
51	British India.
52	Behold.
53	Half an em.
150 STATIONS CARRY IT The broadcast of the 1939 World Series will be heard exclusively over the facilities of the Mutual Broadcasting System on more than 150 stations in the United States, Europe, South America,
West Indies and Hawaii, and, in Canada, over the coast to coast network of the CBC. The first game is expected to be played on Wednesday, October 4th, In the park of the American League pennant winnef.
week or so will resume its regular schedules. Beginning October first the new fall season in radio show business will be under way and in Ula column next week a fairly comprehensive list of the new programs of interest will be given. Advance news seems to indicate a new high in entertainment, fine music, drama and education fare . . . Jack Benny returns to NBC on
Sunday, October 8 at 7 p.m.......
One. Man's Family, that popular serial which has topped the popularity polls for years will switch to Thursday evenings at 8 p.m. on October 5, and at the same time will resume its yearly run over the CBC network.
?“*
of
Upbringing of a successful family is a matter of training, not of heredity, the annual conference of secretaries of Canadian branches of the Young Men’s Christian Association was told by Dr. Joseph Kopas of Cleveland.
By Learning How
Dr. Kopas. director of student guidance and orientation at Fsnn College, said that intelligent planning and conscious activity ou the part of young people themselves in all phases of living is the keynote to a greater degree of success. Such a program of living is needed particularly, he said, In “the highly complex condition of society today.”
“It is a matter of learning how to live successfully with oneself, with others socially, with one's family,” Dr. Kopas declared. ‘‘People are not born to have a successful family—it is a matter of learning to have a successful family.”
Cuba,
'i
“SUNDAY EVENING HOUR”
The “Sunday Evening Hour” one of America’s foremost broadcast series of fine music performed by distinguished artists of concert and opera, returns to the Columbia network and CFRB to inaugurate its sixth season on September 24, at 9 p.m. Lawrence Tibbett, Metropolitan baritone. Is soloist of the opening program with Eugene Or mandy.
€
TRUE STORY
One super diligent CBS engineer who stayed on the Job for 48 hours straight, following Hitler’s epochal Reichstag speech, was made to go home. When he had just been asleep an hour his telephone rang. “This,” said a velvet voice “is the Crossley Radio Survey. Will you tell me what prono you have been listening to?"
3. Thou has multiplied the nation, thou has increased their joy; they joy before thee according to the joy in harvest, as men rejoice when they divide the spoil. “Nation” refers to the Jewish nation which will rejoice when their agonies are over. 4. For the yoke of his burden, and the staff of his shoulder, the rod of his oppressor, thou has broken as in the day of Midian. 5. For all the armor of the armed man in the tumult, and the garments rolled in blood, shall be for burnirig, for fuel of fire.
His Government
6. For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given; and the government shall be upon his shoulder. And his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace. Five remarkable titles »T€ given to this predicted •on.
finally
AROUND THE DIAL It is announced by all networks that broadcasting during the next
£
/
By J. MILLAR WAT!
POP-Oh, Yeah!
WHERE DO YOU
COME FROM?
SO WAS 1/
BUT YOU DOhfr TALK
very SCOTCH
DO YOU/
m
BOY.' I WAS BORN
. IN THE
GREATEST v COUNTRY
# A IN THE
WORLD/
*
4

%

f
V
»

7. Of the increase of his government and of peace there shall be no end, upon the throne of David, and upon his kingdom, to establish it, and to uphold it with justice and with righteousness from Jie nee forth even for ever, seal of Jehovah of hosts will per-this. The government of
Z
7
i
The
<

I
form
iLeenuàL Uâl.
/I.
###PAGE###7###
British School Girls, Touring Canada, Must Remain Here
EWS
VOICE
of the
PRESS

!


PARADE
S à

te


. r # s


POLAND'S CORE: The Poles, who have been expecting and preparing 1er this war with Germany for alt twenty years, long ago decid ad that the ultimate core of their defense would be the triangular central region of industry between Krakow on the west, Lwow on the east, Lublin on the north. Into this area (look at the map), guarded by highlands, served by two rivers, Poland two years ago moved her vital steel and munitions works, built power plants, at a cost of 1200,000,000. If Poland la forced back into this "safety triangle", •be can still receive aid through her southeast gate of the Dniester down to Rumania and the Black Sea Germany can-mot block this gate without going around through Hungary or fight» Ing through all the way from Krakow to Lwow.
Grand strategy of the Polish armies has been to retire slowly, and conserve manpower, consolidate their lines, then make a last stand to the death In the Triangle.



m
\
FOI
¦À
Vs
#
¦

NO. 1 OSTRICH
An optimist, is a man who thought there could be no world war if only Europe could learn all about that undefended frontier between Canada and the United States.—Toronto Star.

at ¦
wM
«
1
FINER-FLAVORED BREAD à
TRAPS BETTER J FOR TOR ^
4
4
\


<x,_.
4
CONFUSING
People who buy auto licenses at this time of year now get no reduction. But this year, as far as auto markers go, does not end until next year.—Peterborough Examiner.
t


the valley
»

HOW TO AVOID TRAPS
À new scheme has been worked cut to defeat the speed traps said to exist in various municipalities. 1%e idea is to keep within the speed limit and laugh at the trap. —Toronto Globe and Mail.
Car, Amok, Came
In Front Doo#
Books And You
BY
, t
Occupante of a frame coftag< in St. Williams, Ont., werj rude# ly awakened in the early menu ing hours recently when an auto# mobile crashed into the fronl door of the house.
Fred G. Killmaster, Port Row. man, driver of the car, lost con. trol of the machine. The occu. pants of the house awakened to find the front door and casing smashed in, plaster falling and the partition bctwcei the two front rooms damaged.
i> m.

ELIZABETH EEDY

THE HANDS SET BACK
It is being said once more that the war now being fought will "ruin civilization." War itself is uncivilized, but its presence in the world even on a large scale will not wreck civilization. It will not stop the clock of human progress ; it will simply set back the hands.
»L
Am
"THE READER IS WARNED”
By Carter Dickson
Death by animal magnetism or criminal telepathy, lurks behind the covers of this book.
8am Constable (nearing silty but sound as a dollar, except for a touch of malaria) is found dead at Fourwaye, near Grovetop, Surrey, with signs of malicious mental influence having been exerted over him. Man to watch is Herman Pen-nik, a psychic expert who says: "Notes in sound can shatter glass or even kill a man. The same, naturally, applies to thought." Nina Constable, the widow, has written a detective tale, including a new kind of poison, and she has a scrap book called "New Ways of Committing Murder.” Terror stalks at Fourways when another character expires. Inspector Humphrey Masters does all an ordinary sleuth can do; then who should arrive but Sir Henry Merrivale, Mr. Dicksons grumpy but lovable and almost miraculously gifted deducer — what he does with two related clues would put most great thinkers to shame. Mr. Dickson's handling of the psychic material is something to watch — we may not tell you whether or not it’s phony.
? don't miss item.
"The Reader Is Warned” ... by Carter Dickson . . . Toronto. McClelland & Stewart, Limited .... 9240.
SPY STORIES: In a wide district bordering on Lake Huron, farmers aed townspeople have been lying •wske nights, or sleeping head un-der-the-covers In recent weeks. Persistent rumors about the big Halgmeyer farm near Thedford are the reason. Some reports said It Is b German airbase; others that It ks a centre for German espionage activity throughout Ontario. Stories of concealed weapons, dynamite, poison gas, sabotage equip-t, men on sentry duty, have been spreading like wildfire. Provincial police are tired of denying these tales, and it is thought that the owners of the estate, two brothers, doctors, of Preston, may demand an investigation before any aérions damage can be done to Ihetr property by frenzied but mla-gelded patriots.


Homes are being sought for a group of British school girls who were bouring Canada when war broke out. this country, R has been announced, and by private schools in Toronto.
Hon. David Llovd Georw». CK
These girls will new remain in red, and are at present being looked after , • Eiluned Carey-Evans, grand-daughter of on. David Lloyd George, CENTRE, is among the group of girls forced to remain in Canada.
MISUNDERSTOOD The editor of a Kansas paper mays he picked up a Winchester rifle one day recently and started up the street to return it to its owner. The relinquçnt subscribers got it into their heads he was on the warpath and a number of them he met insisted on paying him what they owed him. On his return to the office he found a load of hay, 15 bushels of corn, ten bushels of potatoes, a load of wood and a barrel of turnips had been brought in.
Herald and Times.
Danzig Status Often Changed
o
NTARIO
UTDOORS
Canadian cedar is being used extensively in the construction of camps throughout Great Britain for use in peacetime as schools and in wartime as refugee she!»
By VIC BAKER
By Albert Forster’s proclamation, Danslg was switched Sept. 1 for the third time in its history to German rule.
The city was founded by Germans at the beginning of the 13th century.
Until 1308 the city was under the sovereignty of Polish Pomeranian dukes. Then for more than 200 years, 1308-1454, It was German-ruled, by Teutonic knights.
For more than 300 years, without losing its sovereignty, the city was associated in a personal union with the kings of Poland, from 1463 to 1793.
But in the latter part of the 18th century, Poland was partitioned among Germany, Russia and Austria-Hungary, and Danzig became a part of Prussia. This status lasted but 14 years.
Under Polish, French, German
Rule
In 1807 Danzig became a free city, under French rule. Seven years later, in 1814, with the beginning of the collapse of Napoleon, Danzig returned to Prussia and thus remained until the Treaty of Versailles at the end of the World Wag established it a% a free city again.
Now it is German again—-by proclamation of Forster and its acceptance by Hitler—after 18 years, nine months and 15 days.
The city was proclaimed free under the League of Nations on November 15, 1920.
The city Is more than 90 per cent German-populated, a fact admitted by Poles. However it is situated at the mouth of the Vistula River which taps the heart of Poland and has depended upon Polish trade. Poles have declared the city was the "lung” of Po-
Less than an hour’s run from Kingston is the little village of Battersea, lying on Loughboro Lake, in the vicinity of which there is some of the best bass and trout fishing in the whole of Ontario.
Lake Loughboro is about 20 miles in length and from half a mile to a mile in breadth. It is studded with islands and the opening of new vistas through channels between the islands as your motor boat skips along to the fishing grounds is a constant delight. The water is as clear as crystal and a portage of three-quarters of a mile brings you to Rock Lake, while a drive from the hotel of a mile brings you to Dog Lake.
Fishing with a copper line for deep-lying trout will give you fine, cold, six to ten pound lake trout If you prefer casting for large-mouth and smallmouth black base, you can get your fill of them in , Dog Lake. It iff not difficult to catch all the law allows, but to capture a fine fish on a light rod and have all the sport of it is enough for a decent angler.
At Gracefield, about CO miles north of Ottawa, a camp is situated about 12 miles from the town itself, supplying guides, equipment and cabin accommodation. While guests are limited to 50, the rates are reasonably low and the territory for the use of guests covers more than 70 square miles.
Close to the lodge is Whitefieh Lake which has produced some of the biggest bass taken this year in the Gatineau District. Other lakes and streams, while less frequented, also produce pickerel, great northern pike and some lake trout. May your fall fishing trip be a
BEE HIVE

#
Walkerton
. #
MIL KING'S POLICY: Highlights off the Canadian government’s policy In the war crisis as outlined In Prime Minister Mackenzie King’s speech to the House of Commons: Eapld expansion of air training eed of air and naval facilities, and the despatch of trained air personal; Economic pressure against Germany, including eelsure of the ehlpe and property; Defense of Newfoundland, Labrador, the Gulf e# St . Lawrence and nearby Preach possessions, by Canada; Dsvslopment here of munitions ; Industry and agriculture geared to a wartime basis; No conscription; Furnishing of supplies et all kinds to British and Allied powers. Including munitions, food-staffs, manufactured and raw materials; Measures to assure the fur* mlehldg of financial support for Ca» asda’s military participation; Contre! of profiteering; protection agitas! sabotage; Consultations with government of Great Britain.
The cardinal point of Mr. KlngV policy, la this; “The primary task sad responsibility of the people of Canada Is the defence and security ef Canada.”
Hi
Value of Surgery In Farthest North

Bishop of Arctic Soys the Not-
Are Needing a Great Deal of Dental Work Done
Ht. Rev. A L. Fleming, Bishop of the Arctic just back from Akla-vik, last week, described work of the modern hospital and surgery being carried on by the Church of England In Canada at Aklavik, well within the Arctic Circle.
Bishop Fleming was particularly enthusiastic about the recently-installed dental surgery — only one In the Arctic — and most northerly cathedral In the world.
White Man’s Food Harms Them "The natives have trouble with

\
English shows are not run for profit. Out of 96 held by the Royal Agricultural Society only 41 have shown a balance. It continues to prosper through the backing of the best class of farm-
1,

9
ere
their teeth when they eat white man's food,” Bishop Fleming said. "We are trying to educate them to come and have their teeth looked at periodically."
Bishop Fleming said the X*-ray machine was a great benefit to the northern workers. He mentioned a husky Indian trapper who was found to have two pieces of shrapnel in his leg. He was wounded during the war and the shrapnel caused pains up and down Lis legs. The X-ray located the fragments and they were removed by opera-
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher

MRS PIPS DIARY
«
Schools In Air And On Wheels


V
/I
HERE

%
vcrr
CwBda’s Little Red School-
NE


0
PU
in Modem Versions

Vote
y
tion
yéc
pioneer teachers who ruled In | great success Canada's early schools would <[)]|)42Hili||||| ||||	||jl|| |||||||||||||||||||||
their eyes with astonishment at modern versions of the little red •ehoolhouse across the Dominion as Autumn classes havff resumed.

y
t

German Submarines Menace Shipping On Many Seas


I
m

n
In Nova Scotia, the schools have taken to the air. In Ontario they are on wheels. Physical education •ace supplied to most students through farm choree, is compulsory In British Columbia schools.
Saskatchewan has an extensive
system
v

#

n
i /
o

&
correspondence ggggggM with students In remote sections of the province getting their education through Post Office facilities.
Children In far off lands get all their education through Ontario's correspondence course, missionary families are enrolled ag the mall pupils of the department. In Northern Ontario, the schools are on wheels. The railway schoel car service carries lion to scores of small communities along the railway lines.
A survey by the Canadian Press showed Nova Scotia with the record for the greatest use of the radio
with Saskatchewan second
than a decade, Nova Scotia's department of education has put eut a general program to schools diversified subjects.	L- g]
All radio-equipped schools tune
When the
course
Ji
Ontario


___-	"-b
"I don't know how it happened ! I just pulled down a lever
jock pot ! !”
educa-
srajMsart “..«s	" M-i" - -—
and hit a
!
I
REG’LAR FELLERS—Well-Handled
By GENE BYRNES
ong Canadian provinces
For
THIS IS SUMPN TO
FIND/
TidXT 5 A NICE
uvcweu-A /
WHERE OICUA GET ,r?	,
BUT YOU HAVEN'T
A 3ISTER/
f
IT WAS A
WELL, READ WHAT IT SAYS ON THE
HANDLE/^

I
J
7A

#z
M

tu to these lessons school Is not radio-equipped, the eludedts go to homes with radios and get school attendance credits.
&
+ $
A

i
À soil survey of more than 100,-#00,000 acres in connection with the work of Prairie Farm Rehabilitation has so far been completed in the Provinces of Manitoba, Saskatchewan and Alberts.
£5

A#’*
»


t
###PAGE###8###
m

Look Here
1039 Canada Year Book contain tog 1,800 Now Ready lor Distribution
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost etc.
Page»
T
The publication of the 1W3D •dition of the Canada Year Book, published by authoiization of the Hon. W. 1). Kulev, Minister oi Trade and Commerce is announce by the Dominion Bureau of Statistics. The Canada Y ear Book is the ofiiciakstatistical annual of the country and contains a thoroughly up-to-date account of the natiu al resources oi the Dominion and their development, the history of the country, its institutions, its demography, the different branches of production, trade transportation, finance, education, etc — in brief, a comprehensive study within the limits of a single volume of the social and economic condition of the Dominion. This new edition has been thoroughly revised throughout and includes in all its chapters the latest infer-* mation available up to the date of
going to press.	,
The 11*30 Canada Y car Hook extends to over 1200 pages, dealing with all phases of the national life and moic especially with those susceptible of statistical measurement. A statistical summary of the progress of Canada is included in the introductory matter. This gives a picture in figures of the remarkable progress which the country has made since the first census of the Dominion was taken in 1871, sixty eight years ago.
In the present edition, a complete list of special articles and of significant historical or descriptive text that has not been subject to wide change ami is therefore not repeated, is given following the Table of Contents. This list links the 1030 Y ear Book with its predecessors and indicates the extent to which the ' Year Book now be regarded as a series of publications rather than single volume.
There are over thirty maps and charts contained in the volume, and a photogelatine insert illustrating the special article on Noxious Forest Insects. Three lithogiaphed maps are included.
In commemoration of the Royal Visit to Canada, May 17 to June 15, 1030, colour plates of Their Majesties King George VI and Queen Elizabeth, together with official pictures of incidents nected with the unveiling of the National Memorial and of the Royal Assent to legislation of the 10S9 Session of Parliament.
Persons requiring the Y’ear Book may obtain it from the King's Printer, Ottawa, as long as the supply last#», at the price of $1.50, which covers merly the cost of paper, printing and binding. By* a special concession, a limited number of paper bound copies have been set aside for ministers of religion, bona fide student and school teachers, who may obtain copies at the nominal price of 50 cents each.

o

FOK SALK-One McCleary Range, Northland ', good a» new, largo fire box. Will exchange for cattle. Apply to Wellington Smart, Shaw ville, i bone
I
i

I
HI
f


WIND Oil AUGER—Made and Installed at reasonable prices. This Is the most economical method of keeping up your radio battery. All work guaranteed.
VïfWt%ÊÊHÊÈÊ^ÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKKÊKÊ
Brown, R.

f.
pply to Howard lie. Phone 9-15.
particular* a R. 2. Shaw v I
FOR S4LE—One pure bred Ram Lamb, eligible for registration ; also one colt 2 years and one mate. 12 years old. Apply to J. H. Brown, R. K No. 8, Shaw ville. Phone U -13,
FOR SALK-One pair Belgian foals ;
- isatmaÉàâmm . one dark
one eight
three colts, rising two years grey ware* rising four years ; year old marc. Apply to CLIFFORD IIorneh, K. It. No. 1, Shaw ville. Phone 151(1.




1
FOR SALE—15 Used Poultry Feeders galvanised, half price. Call Monday night, K W. Hoik,ins
Exhibition
Quebec’s Best County
FOR SALE—Five Reg. Avshire Heifer Calves, born in March. Fully accrédité 1 and blood tested. Apply to James H. Pbkver. Campbell's Bay, Que. Phone
31-4
FOR SALE—A number New llstnshlre Red Laying Pullets some year-old White Leghorn hens ; pair of Clyde colts well matched aud broken. Apply to Robt. Thaoy, Yarm, Que. Phone 25-21.
'Are Yon The Man ?
| Watkins dealer (between 25 to 50 years): with car needed Immediately to hand Free Extracts. In nearby rural route and snpplr established demand for Everyday Necessities, including Sokes, Baking Powder. Cleansers, Soaps; Medicines. Fly Spray. Mineralised Stock and Poultry Tonics. 70 year reputation. 10000 dealers. Must be satisfied with $30.00 weekly at start. Selling experience unnecessary. Farm experience helpful. Credit furnished right parties. Write Immediately The J. R. Watkins Company. Montreal, Que. Dept. Q S 11 .
»
3
out
High-class Horse, Cattle, Poultry and
Dairy Shows
Exhibit In All Departments
must
ns a
Large
Cemetery
Donations
T

a
f
jm
Previously acknowledged Alex. H. Kilgour......
Mrs, Andrew Hodgina s. Mrs. A. K. Posselwhite . Mrs. George T. Horner.. Mrs. Charlotte Connelly.
Dr. Ed. Taggart........
Shawville Wo’s Institute
#157 60
2 00

S 00
xm

3 00

f
con
V.W

i
sa®
1 00
/Z
6
w
(f
O
i oo
' 0
a##.
3 00
rV
40 00
t

r '
V
i
f
k
(
/?f A
•Y'f

'4 :
x
%
y
Rides and Cames
Large Midway With New
MARRIED
Attractions Special Features
Special Grandstand Ball Games, and Other
Roy—Trudeau
Of much interest find charm was the wedding in St. Edxvaid the Confessors Church, Bristol, on Monday morning, September 18, when Olive Rita, daughter of Mr. and Mrs Thomas Trudeau, became the bride of Earl Francis Hoy, son of Mr. and Mis. Frank Roy, of Bristol Mines. Rev. John Sullivan officiated.
The bride, given in marriage by her father, was charming in a street length New York model of St. James R lue wool crepe trimmed with tusvhia tlie-face model in fitschia and she wore accessories to match. Her corsage was of Johanna Hill roses.
The bride was attended by her sister, Miss Aileen Trudeau as bridesmaid, who wore a street-length dress of Queen’s blue satin-back crepe with matching accessories. Sylvester Trudeau, brotliei of the bride, was groomsman.
Following the ceremony dinner was served to immediate friends at the home of the bride’s parents, after which the young couple left by motor on a short trip. On their return Mr. and Mrs. Hoy will take up residence in Bristol.
Trials of Speed Friday and Saturday
Mrs. R. G. Hodoins, Près. Rev. A. P. POKES, Sec’ty
Albert E, Richardson Dies In Ottawa
The Shawville Boys’ Band in attendance
throughout the Fair
Evening Horse Show and Other Features
R W. HODGINS,
Secretary.
.Many friends in Ottawa and Shawville will learn with regret of the death of Albert J2Jward Richardson, which occurred after a long illness at an Ottawa hospital Thursday, Sept. ‘21st in Ills 05th year.	Il I I
Born at Radford. Que., the eon of the late James Richardson and the former Phoebe Armstrong, he resided in Shawaille prior to coming to Ottawa 28 years ago. He was employed in the Department of Mines and Resources for the past 15 years. He worshipped at McLeod Street United Church in Ottawa
While a resident of Shawville, Mr. Richardson held the office of Bailiff of the Superior Court for this district For a few season’s he managed Shaw ville skating rinks and took a great interest in He was a member of Poo-
Her hat was an off
He was
on
If
LORNE ARMSTRONG,
President



For an—Farrku
SC Brigid’sChurch, Onslow, Que., was the scene of a pretty wedding Tuesday morning, September *21, when Mary Farrell, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Farrell, of Onslow, Que., became the bride of Vincent Koran, son of Mr and Mrs.
Harry Koran, also of Onslow . Rev Father Salmon officiated. T'l wedding music was played by Miss Christina O'Malley. At the offertory, Miss Aileen Morrissey sang (Rosewig) “Ave Maria” and during the signing of the register, Miss Margaret Millville sang, "Heart of Jesus We Are Grateful”.
The bride was given in marriage by her father, and was attended by lier sister, Miss Anna Farrell, as bridesmaid. Michael Koran, brother of the bridegroom acted as best man.
A lovely model of Queen’s blue
ee: SSI -r
line, and the skirt was street Attractive price for quick cash sale.
length. She wore a turban of the	Apply to .
same shade with a shoulder length i	MRS JOHN BRADLEY,
sssisn'ssr**•1
Miss Anne Farrell, as bridesmaid,
ssrsss tssrasr zz i ».	¦v'&Æ
She wore a matching doll hat and A good buy now. R A. Urant, accessories. She carried pink roses | Bristol.	i
for developing. Enlargements, snort 5 x 7, 20 cents each ; 8 x 10, 45 cents tiac Lodge, 1,0.0 K each. Prfce’b in proportion for In addition to his widow, the larger sizes. All finishing done by former Annie McTiei nan, he leaves
.. the best high grade one son, Claude Richardson, Depapers II. 1 misus'd Photo Studio, I troll, and one brother, Alonzo King Street, Shawville.	Richardson, of XV estlock, Alta.
The funeral service was held in the parlors of Geo. B. Burney & Son, Ottawa, on Saturday at 1 30 p. m., with Rev. A. E. M. Thompson, pastor of McLeod Street United Church, officiating.
Interment was made in Shawville United Church cemetery at 3 00 o’clock, where a number of relatives and friends of town and district had gathered to pay their tribute of respect to the deceased and Jto extend sympathy to the bereaved The remains were accompanied by the widow and son, and three nephews, Messrs. Clarence and Kenneth Richardson and Dawson McTiernan, of Ottawa.
Many beautiful floral tribute» were received.
rs, N urn in. print* Number*
Finishing for Amatau ber» up to 120 ami 020 till only, three vents each |	|| I
110 and 016 til in, prints only, fom cents each.
prints only, live cents each pay fur the prints only. No charge
Mrs. Forint
sage of pink roses the bridegroom’s mother, gowned in, blacky crepe with touches of white ami black
Wilson’s Garage

was trimmed

hand, on
Larger size films
You
The Same Reliable Service

accessories.	..
Following the ceremony, dinner was served to about 50 guests at the home of the bride's parents, and later the newly weds left oil a shoit motor trip. The biule, travelled in a smart model of navy wool sheer, with navy felt hat , A reception was held Wednesday , evening at the home or the bride-giQOtus parents. Mr. and Mrs. Koran will reside at Onslow.	]
The

Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service

Ford Service
THE. RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
J. P. Wilson
Farm Buildings For Sale

Main Street Shawville/ Quebec
Phone 40
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.

No Trespassing-
are strictly properties :
. Hnnters and Tresp t-s, f s
forbidden on the following Lots 14, 1» and 16, Range 9 ; Lot 13, Range 10, of the township of Clarendon.
i By order of the owners. "Wï «3
mÊÊmm W. H. Howard
Percy Belsher
Jas. Kelley
Phone# 278
Active Dealers Wanted
Men and Women make easy money selling our line of 200 prodecte. Heeled In every home. Sure repeaters. Whtle-
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
