###PAGE###1###

-•«"-y
mm
1
’
1


;






S
E >


m

¦


No. 30,
61st Ykar
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, JANUARY 27th, 1944
Mn. Geo. H. McDowell Dies it Her Home in Ottawa
BIRTHS
Dr. E. J. O’Leary
DENTIST . Campbell’s Bay, Que.
Phone No. 62
Kveningi by appointment
Gowling
Dii'KHON—At Pontine Community Hospital, Shatv ville, on January
18th, 1944, to R,ev and Mr». VV. A. Dickson, of Toronto, the gift of a daughter—Dorcas Rosalind.
Mr. Robt. J. Tracy received word Tuesday evening of the death of hi* Meter, Katherine, Mrs Geo. II.
McDowell, at her home 11(41 Gladstone Avenue, Ottawa.
i-Mtrrr' 2r„i;; s personal mention
hei death came unexpectedly and
Business College
BUSHMEN’S
SUPPLIES
283 Bank (Street OTTAWA, CANADA
MARRIED
Never
were Stenographer* in such demand a a now. We are conduct iug u Fhort intensive course. H.gin at
once and help your country.
Ly ai j.—Smith
A very quiet but pretty wedding was n<i!emtiizi-d on Saturday evening, Jan. 15tli, at the Wesleyan Methodist Parsonage, Ottawa, by Rev. 8. XV. Blanchard, when Mis*> Alldry Eleanor, only daughter of
National Farm Radio Forum I ”»»• (i>)J. Willard and little "nd lM‘" N-*rman Lyall, ol
lEniiFSissi ii~E
"z.f w M.,K,ch„i.. w," ..is SMSrssa » &C-:	t
etSSk*	1 jrêçarts 5 : ::
S SSS I
«lient the week-end at the home of I wit^ krown accessories.
her parente. Mr. and Mrs. Irwin Smart.
Aw. Amy Barber. R.A.C.F.(WD) Arnprinr. spent a few days at the hone of her mother, Mrs. Bruce Barber.
Mrs. Hillis Graham Taking Part in Farm Forum Broadcast Monday Night
Di'kn all Summer
W. I. COWLING
President
N. W. BRAITHWAITE
Prtn Icipal
Axes
Cross Cut Saws Web Saw Blades Piles, Wedges,
Saw Handles and Chain
JAMES A. MILLAR '
B JA. IL. . . L	It
19«VMCA.TE’ BARR,ST«. •»«•	|
129 MalnSt.,Hull, Que. I
A» Moyle’. Hot.l, Campbell’. B.»	| |
Very Wedne»d»y morning
AtPontiecHouse.Shawvill
Wednesd	t<wvi|
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Oraduate of McGil I University
SHAWVILLE.QUE.
of
N
accès
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
4 Estate C. J. Caldwell f-
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.

Advocate barrister ;
HOCKEY
Solicitor, etc.
Office. Campbell’s Bay, Quebec
(In Lawn Block)
Annual Meeting of Holy Trinity Guild
sas.-te'"*	,Tr« w..r.d,,
mae#=m#
into this game with a crippled Church for Confirmation Service m	/ilee and Mrs. William
team, several players being mi*	~	mm 1
"W* to 'nakethe trip	I The Rt. Kev’d John Dixon, Bi«-
The Pontiac schedule H drawn hop of Montreal, will visit Shaw-up with teams of Calumet Mines - ville on Jan. 30th. A number of
IsSgil lisg=aS|psss|£
I	---- I % VSU Hr*. T. M.rtm,
in charge of the meeting Work was continued on the patch-I work quilt and a collection was taken up to get thread and mater [ I in I to put it together.
Several articles of sewing were distributed which included a coat, kiruona, pneumonia jackets, and sheets. al«o some yarn for socks, Dainty refreshments were served by the hostess, assisted by _ A Mrs. Bert Uodgins and Mrs. John 1 c40 28 I Horner
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
tHAWVILLB
DONAT Le GUERRIER 1
Notary Public |
CAMPBELL,S BAY QUEBEC
Branch at Quyon ; will Ca)l any
Monday on request
Matters dealt with by correspondence^
4
STOCKTAKING
SPECIALS
McKee Red Cross
DR. H. K. NEILSON
I
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat
SPECIALIST
Curtain Remnants
MEOICA 1 A NTS BUILDING
Financial Statement of Week of Prayer Services
At the regular monthly meeting of the Clarendon Ministerial As The annual congregational meet- sociation, it was decided that a ing received reports on Thursday statement be made regarding the evening that «nowed that Shaw- receipts from the special services ville United Church had enjoyed a of the week, and also an account prosperous financial year with °f the expenditures made by the total receipts of 90340 00 for all Society : purposes.
Other activities of the church had also been successful, the min- Hall islet reporting a membership in Speaker Shawville congregation of 265, and a total on the whole pastoral charge of 371 ; with 46 baptisms 20 mat riages and 16 funerals.
was

Marquisettes
ends —some plain prices.
I
mostly light shades. Short some dot. Bargain
Congregational Meeting of Shawville United Church
OTTAWA,
ONT.
PHONE, 2-7961
R. MILLER WALLACE M
ADVOCAT .. BARRISTER HULL, QUEBEC Consultations by Appointment
Flannelette Remnants - white
Receipts by collection were____
Expenses during the week :
Short ends—some extra heavy weight, to three yard ends. Limited quantity, not too much to any one customer.
The next meeting will be held
...	K:, BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
tbe followingKt*"' The ladies are cordially invited
one
• #
From of the remainder, amounts were sent out :
Worid Council of Churches .
Mr. Edgar Hudgins reporting as India-China Relief
treasurer showed that church had [Orphan Missions........
raised $23,292. for current expenses, i	v t Hm um
1034. for mlgHloiiH. and ttSW forthe	IN. 1. Hoi-MBS
Renovation fund. Miss Kathleen	v Toe January meeting of Claren-
NVoodley reported that the Wo-	—	?	-	| don Women s Institute was held at
man’s Association, with 50 mem-	j the home of Mr*. Selisley Howard,
hers, had raised 9586 00; Mrs. S i Annual Meeting of Starks Corners with twelve members and several
X?rÆ u"'«i <*-*MM. |vis:;:rai,........................................
the Sunday School, with 110 scho .	n . ,	I meeting, as^i-ted hy the secretary,
lnrs had receipts of *01151; Mr*	A proaperoiiH nnnucial year w«s Mi«s M. Corrigan.
Edgar Hudgins for the JVar Ser- vealed hy reports received at After the opening exercises "cor-vice, receipts of 8154 77 and work the annual congregation» meeting respondence was read. A letter done consisting of 132 quilts, 161	Corners t inted Church wav received from the Provincial
knitted article3, 372 sewn articles, on Wednesday evening.	President, Mrs Small min ; also a
10 afghans and 7300 surgical dress Total receipts from all purposes letter of thanks from P O Herbert ings, and J. R. McDowell for the	*(>und to be $84a 00, of winch Wickens. for the parcel sent to
cemetery fund receipts of 9406 62. If80 40	fo,‘	The [him.
Other reports included Mission tiea>urer, Hat vey Wilson, report- The treasurers report wa* given.
Band by Mrs Athol Dale, with 35 «da balance on cuijent account ol Current events were summarized members ; Baby Band by Mrs. G	Wesley Palmer re- by the conveners.
Paul, with 75 members; C.G.I.T 1?°/«^S(‘holari in the Sunday An interesting feature was an by Miss Isobel Barber with 12 ^hool and receipts of 9oI 49 and Apron Parade.
members and receipts of $10 00 ; | ?tis. Harvey Wi son reported the The roll call was responded to mm a \u\n» i r
«svïs i ssatef.	»~r K*r- ^ °r shawville
33 boxes sent ; Mrs. Howard Storey i on hand.	.	, J Miss M. Corrigan was the winner ..	......
repotting for Visiting Committee, Y?tes	m wefS e ofcHiU^et *n a word-build in g contest.
464 call made.	to organUt, Mrs. Wes Palme.. The singing of the National
In the election of officers, the t(? the ofticeis, and an invitation Anthem brought the meeting to a following additions were made to «‘veil the pastor. Rev. A F. take* close.
the Church Boaids Session— to remain anothei yeai. .	Refreshments were served hy
Harold Hodgins. R P. Eades. The election of officers resulted the hostess, assisted by Mrs. L.
Clifford Wilson, R J. Tracy, True* | a8J0,,0'V9 :	.	. M	.	Wilson and the Misses E. and L
iTwas decided tff proceed with John Cunningham. William Click,
tion to the pastor Rev. A. F. Pokes continue his services for the fourteenth year.
46 Bronson A Cor. Gladstone
OTTAWA
910 00
7 50 j January Meeting of Clarendon " %o Women’s Institute
ONTARIO
i
SCIENTIFIC EYH EXAMINATIONS |
j Specialists o.i all Visual and Muscular •	Kye Defects	|
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins, [
Reg Optometrist	Reg Optometrist |
Wabasso Sheeting - white
Special Wabasso and Canada Cottons Bleached sheeting, 72 inch width, limited
75 cents per yard
quantity
Gordon T. Paul
I N SU RANCE
I

Flannelette Sheeting - white
REPRESENTING COM PA MES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
64 inch width - heavy
price...................
I
weight. Special 59 cents per yard

Cotton Repp
QUE
Furniture Covering, 46 inch width,' four shades. Just the thing for your Chesterfield or that chair that needs covering.
Talking:	Pictures
$2.25 per yard
HIT the ROAD
Gladys George Barton MacLane
DEAD END KIDS
Save Tax Dollars
For every five dollars of allowable
expenses that can be deducted from
gross farm income in making out a
federal income tax return, a farm
family saves about one dollar in the
| amount of the total tax paid. Farm
families are willing to pay their just
Smart.	™| taxes* i"9* as are other citizens, but
Organist. Mis. Wesley Palmer ; | 48u0U,du not unknowingly pa>
I 3 | mwm	more than they are expected into the
federal coffers, experts point out.
and
LITTLE TOUGH GUYS
t
at
Shawville Theatre
Friday, Jan. 28th
At 8.30 p. m.
THE W. A. HODCINS STORE
Shawville
Quebec
.to
assistant, Mrs. Clive Smart.



*

'Mb


###PAGE###2###
-day, as always, the ‘Salada’ label is your guarantee of a uniform blend of fine quality teas?
/ don'twantto
CHEAT MYfAM/l\
of the BigNeaM Afoto^
W WHOU-GRAIN QUAKER OATS
Ef
x, BLACK
à




r
By
* :
DAWN
1
*
VICTOR
ROS3EAU
»«
LM
S'

'Li


s
n
A man leaped from a horse's back and led It forward. Dave knew the procedure. The horse would be driven from beneath him, and he would be left swinging—the most painful form of hanging, since It took a man perhaps a full half-minute before ho became unconscious.
But Lois drove her horse forward. "Let him ride Black Dawn,” she cried. "He broke him, didn’t
he?"
CHAPTER XIII SYNOPSIS
Dave Bruce, out of a Job, arrives at Wilbur Ferris* CrossBar ranch. Curran, the foreman, promises him a Job If he can break a horse called Black Dawn. When he succeeds, he discovers Curran expected the horse to kill him. A girl named Lois rides up, angry with Dave for breaking "her" horse. She refuses to speak to Dave even when he uses his savings to pay off the mortgage on ithe small ranch she shares with her foster father, a man named Hooker. When Hooker la killed by a shot fired through the window, Lois has Dave arrested for murder. Encouraged by Curran, the local people have broken Into the Jail and dragged Dave to a tree where they are going to hang him. Among the crowd Dave sees Lois.


.—adults for stamina. Whole-gram oatmeal is also richest of all natural cereals in vitamin Hi —needed for sound tun es and top energy. So 1 serve big bowls of delicious Quaker Oats to my family daily. Nothing matches that delicious out-like whole-gram flavour. No other cereal gives the same healthful benefits stored by Nature in real whole-grain oatmeal.
•n
ka

h
TABLE TALKS I T"“ a: Ears
ivc
«
V
sa
»
A Sugar Ally
Curran burst into a roar of
latigliter. "That’s sure smart of yuh, Miss Lois," he cried. "Yeah, he broke Black Dawn, and Black Dawn's goln’ to break him—by the neck!"
The trees have cars—Japanese
In the Southwest Pacific
ears
Island and lt’seworth your life lo be addressed as “Colonel" or Sir."
That’s why the United States War Department said jungle fighters have taken to calling their
Once again 'honey* comes to the aid of the sugar bowl. By combining honey with sugar we are still /pvyj	able to prepare
many desserts for those who have a “sweet tooth” and crave something like the deli;	cacy given le-
ÉriËHHRHEfifl loxt:
Honey Nut Cake 2 cups sifted cake flour 2 teaspoons double acting baking powder % teaspoon salt
% cup butter or other shorten-
c 'nmnanv of Can ad
h
rr
Lois bent forward and whispered in the stallion s ear, then slipped to the ground. “Git him up, fellers,” chortled Curran. “Bruce, yore race Is run, and yore goln* to do some real fancy higlvsteppln* tangos. Say, ain't yuh got no halter on that hawse, Miss Lois?'* he continued.
“He doesl t need a halter. He’ll stand till I give the word to go."
Curran roared with glee. “That's
officers by their first names.
Accounts from men and officers on Bougainville island in the Solomons indicate that formalities of military life have completely disappeared In jungle warfare.
A private may address commanding officer as Charlie or Hob. Officers get code nam es or nicknames. Japanese snipers are adept at picking off the officers. So the officer wears no insignia.
The enemy listens carefully said the men. Snipers a few hundred yards from n regimental supply dump listened to the calls going out from a field telephone. Most of the calls were for "Hlpp," which was the name given to a Major who was a supply officer.
During the night the men said, the Japs would call out: “Hlpp, you're wanted on the telephone "
Sufferers of Painful
SINUS

J /A,
Get Quick Relief!
his
Disheveled, the clothes almost torn from the upper part of Ills body. Dave was thrust forward.
"Mere y are. Miss Lois." shouted Curran exultantly. “Here's the measly skunk who killed yore dad,
—^
Stuffiness. •
Give Lou Comfort
4
' X
Few Drops Relieve
Just a RIake Brecthin" Easier
• *
In g

fc.
% cup sugar % cup honey
8 eggs
1 cup finely cut nut meats % cup milk
1 teaspoon vanilla
Sift flour once, measure, add baking powder and salt, and sift together three times. Cream shortening. add sugar gradually, and eream thoroughly; then add honey In thirds, beating well after each addition. Add % of flour and beat until smooth and well blended.
Beat eggs until thick and light and nearly white; add to cake mixture and beat well. Add nuts. Add remaining flour in thirds, alternately with milk in halves, beating very well after each addition. Add vanilla. Bake in greased S-lnch tube pan In slow oven (325 degrees F.) 1 hour and 5 minutes qr until done.
£
It’s grand how Vicks Va-tro-nol clears congestion from nasal passages-gives sinuses a chance to drain. V W Results arc so good because Va-tro-nol is specialised medication that works right where trouble is—to relieve painful congestion and make breathing easier.
Try it—put a few drops un cadi nos-trif—follow directions in folder.
k
n
VICKS VA-TRO-NOL
I
V
\3
1
K
)


/
Reservoir Of Wheat Ready For Europe
moment, though. Bruce, yuh might as well confess as how yuh murdered Mr. Hooker, onless yuh want to go to hell with a lie on yore soul. Got anything to say? Mebbee a last message for yore loved and dear ones? Speak loud, feller, we're listenin'."
Dave, looking contemptuously upon the grinning throng, returned no answer.
“Yuh ain't got nothing to say?" sneered Curran. “Mebbe you'd like to lead us In psalm? Well, yuh’ll talk plenty when yuh feel the rope tightenin'. Which bein' bo, we're ready for yuh. Miss Lois.”
Lois moved slowly forward. With her eyes still fixed Intently upon Dave's, she had the appearance of a sleep-walker. She stepped to Black Dawn's side and laid her hand upon his neck.
(Continued Next Week)
Gibraltar’» Apes
Are Disappearing
' 14
»
It is reported from Gibraltar that British Commandos have been put on the trail of the Rock’s famous colony of monkeys which have begun to disappear.
It was suspected that Axis agents were poisoning the apes in order to upset the local population who believe the legend that when the monkeys disappear the British will leave Gibraltar. The London Daily Mail said the Commandos, led by a British officer whose title is “officer in charge of apes." had been sent out with strict instructions to clamber over every part of the rock in search of the missing monkeys and that at the same time ape "reinforcements" rushed to Gilbraltar by sea and air from Africa.
At least 1,000,000,000 bushels of wheat, half of it in Canada, will be available for shipment to the hungry people of Europe if the war there ends in 1944, the Dominion bureau said last week in a review of the wheat situation.
4
t
-Yuh ain’t got nothing to say?" sneered Curran.
sure some hawss,” lie shouted. “Keep outer his way when he does git to movin’, fellers, because he’ll move fast and quick. Fork this liom lire acrost him!"
A little cautiously, for the reputation of the black stallion was known to all. the group that held Dave dragged him to Black Da wit’s side and raised him. forcing one leg across and thrusting the toe of the hoot Into the stirrup. But Black Dawn stood like a graven Image, utterly motionless, save for a trembling of his flanks.
Dave wondered, incongruously enough, why they hadn't bound his arms. Then he remembered. A strangling man claws instinctively at the rope by which he is suspended, prolonging the agonies of death and Increasing the amusement that his hanging offers.
ami yo're goin* to have the honor of touchin' him off. accordin’ to custom."
Dave straightened himself and looked straight Into the girl’s face. He didn't want to (lie, but he had faced death too many times to flinch from it now that Iris time seemed to have come. But through his mirnl old H-ooker’s words were running:
“You promised me you'll look out for Lois if anything happens to me."
Those words, cut off by the roar of the explosion from the assassin's revolver. And. “She never had a chance, poor kid."
Somehow it seemed to Dave that he could go more easily if Lois believed he was not old
Honey Biscuits
Try this sugarless recipe and note the results. You'll be de-
Argentina and Australia have a total surplus of 500,000,000 bushels available for export, while Canadian surplus stocks stood at 670,000,000 bushels on October 1.
"This reservoir of wheat would seem to hold assurance that a Europe liberated in 1944 and provided with adequate ocean tonnage would not go short of bread," said the bureau.
"Moreover, both Canada and the United States will harvest another wheat crop in the middle of 1944 and the United States is endeavoring to increase the acreage under wheat for the 1944 harvest by 14,000,000 acres."
lighted:
2 teaspoons double-acting baking 2 cups sifted cake flour 2 teasplons double-acting baking powder
% teaspoon salt 6 tablespoons butter or other shortening % cup milk
being
were
4 tablespoons butter % cup honey
Sift flour once, measure, add baking powder and salt, and sift again. Cut in shortening, milk all at once and stir carefully •ntil all flour Is dampened. Then gllr vigorously until mixture forms a soft dough and follows spoon around bowl. Turn out on lightly floured board and knead 30 seconds. Roll % Inch thick and cut with floured 2%-lnch biscuit cutter. Bake on ungreased baking sheet tn hot oven (450 degrees F.) 12 to 15 minutes.
Cream butter, add honey, and blend. Remove biscuits from oven: split In halves. Spread with honey and butter mixture. Put halves together and serve with remaining honey mixture. Makes 18 biscuits
Keep your Mouth Shut Or Else!
Slim and Suitable
Add
m
Heinrich Himmler, chief of the Gestapo, now requires Germans to give financial and personal guarantees that they "will not enter into any discussion about the situation in Germany" before permitting them to visit a neighboring country, the British radio said.
%
i
Hooker's murderer.
The girl was looking straight back at him. In the darkness Dave could see the dark gray pools of her eyes, as if lit by an inner fire.


#

Eczema Itch
Slopped In 7 Minnies
Your skin has nearly SO million tiny seams and pores whereaerms hide and cause Itching. Cracking. Eczema-llke Rash. Peeling, Burning 8, In Blotches, Pimples, Ringworm, Foot Itch and other skin blemishes. The new treatment NIsoderm stops the Itching In 7 minutes and goes right to work curbing the germs and should quickly help make your skin clearer, softer, smoother and more attractive—in fact Nixoderm must satisfy you completely or you get your money back on return of empty package. Get Nixoderm from your druggist today—see how fast it works and how much better you look. The money-back trial offer protects you.

Dave sat the black stallion disdainfully, making no attempt at resistance. But again he sought Lois' eyes, and again he saw the girl's eyes fixed on hi* And all of a sudden.lt seemed to him as if a triple understanding had been effected—between himself and the girl and the big horse. He felt that Black Dawn recognized his mastery of him. ,
"We're just about ready. Miss Lois," shouted Curran. "Just a
Someone produced a rope and flung it over the bough. Rough hands laid hold of Dave and fastened the other end about his neck, fashioning a hangman's knot. Dave had ceased to struggle. He would go to his death at least with dignity.
"Git one of them broncs!” shouted Curran.
i
ci
Before a visa is issued the Gestapo makes a personnal invest-igtion, requires the deposit of a large sum of money and obtains the signature of two relatives or friends, who are thus threatened with arrest if the prospective traveler does not keep his promises. the braodeast said.
. i

*

/
Nine-Minute Battle
>
HOW SECRET "ROCKET" PLANE WORKS
Nearly 100 Nazi rocket planes and single-engined fighters made a pass at the rear of an American bomber formation over Bremen last month. Nine escortig Republic Thunderbolts, their Double Wasps roaring, broke the enemy forma-tio, followed through the streams of Nazi tracers and destroyed 17 of the enemy airplanes In a savage nine-minute battle. Emerging without a loss, the Thunderbolts climbed back to escort the bomber formation home.
O*:

Here’s Speedy Relief For

A

X

J
Tender, Aching, Burning Feet

\
r

i


z
A*.
r* t
I


V
v

*¦
i
i £1*
t
ii
»
Your feet may.be so swollen and inflamed that you think you can't go another |tep. Your shoes may feel ns if they are cutting into the flesh. You feel sick all over with the pain and torture; you'd give anything to get relief.
Two or three applications of Mount's Emerald Oil and In a few minutes the pain and soreness disappears.
No matter how discouraged you have been. If you have not tried Emerald Oil then you have something to learn. Get a bottle today— at all drugstores.


»
%
<
KtiL
I
mm
V
I
ksamt
v7~	3*
> a
m

?¦
x-
1

5

\
f'M
BUCKLEY C
USTAINLESS kJ
WHITE RUB
W'M
vm
MS*/
r,'4
;

«¦Ml
L
; a
The photo and diagram shown here are of an Italian Caproni-Campini jet-propelled plane that presumably operates on the same principle as the new, secret jet-propelled, propellerless plane whose perfection by British and U.S. engineers has just been announced. This Italian plane flew 1G8 miles in 2V* hours on December 1, 1941. The first successful flight of the British plane was made in May, 1941. The "rocket" or jet-propulsion method is basically simple. Air is drawn into the fuselage through large intake vent under the nose and compressed in a rotary blower. Fuel is added in the combustion chamber and the gases then pass through a turbine and are ejected at high velocity through a tail nozzle. The rearward force of this jet of gas thrusts the plane forward.
GIVES FASTER RELIEF
CHEST COLDS
MUSCULAR ACHING ACHES BURNING & PAINS
4441
HOW TO RELIEVE
)?«*
PILE TORTURE
FROM

QUICKLY AND EASILY

l
et subtly cut two-
Utterly simple dressy . . . this : piecer, Pattern 4441. A smart woman's choice for every day
informal occasion.
!, y<
softly
Il > vU Hit ll UUUltrU with |l filing piUM vi i vital #vrvii«ds. Uu »ul delay ti ta lint lit uiiU run the risk of letting this condition become chronic. Aliy itching or #ui eue** or IP 11iiini pu.-Bugn ui Hiuoi la nature’s warning and p i «» p e i treatment should he secured at once.
t* or linn purpose get a of Mem Ituid from any and use m directed this formula which la u»ed inlvi nally is a email, easy to take tablet, will quickly relieve llie itching and soreness and aid in healing the sole tender spots. Hem-Hold is pn i nt to use. la Highly i evuniineuUuti and It seems • he height of fully for any one to i isk a painful and chronic pile condition when such a fine remedy may be hud at such a email cusL
It you ny Hem Mold and are not er.thelÿ pleased with the results, your druggist will gladly return
voiir money
-Tap



AN:'
HA,
Atrx
cvummoi

FEET
N082U

i


•	• every* ...............
Make It up in a email print, tiara pound, wear it with intense satisfaction
ê
COLLECTOR
uwarn
CHARRED
HANDS
HEADACHES
NEURALGIA
ECZEMA PIMPLES Prie.
30c * 50c



1
F'
1
unekage Ji uggist
Or
through spring, have it with jacket and
contrasting.
Pattern 4441 is available In women’s sizes 32, 34, 36, 38, 40, 42, 44 and 46. Size 36 takes 3% yards 39-inch fabric.
Send Twenty Cents (20c) In coins (stamps cannot be accepted) for this pattern to Anne Adams, Room 421, 73 Adelaide St. West, Toronto. Write plainly Size, Name, Address, Style, Number.

skirt


ruse
4

N
rS2?«8sfi
\


: *•
1
l


ETC.

JBME SHAFT flat TVMMC
mam
FUEL
\
ro


ISSUE 4—'44


V m


###PAGE###3###
OTTAWA REPORTS
ff
I said good-bye
THE WAR • WEEK
Commentary on Current Events
10UR GRAWOMor/ft#
jUSl AS EFFECTIVE TODaft
g#»
Allies’ New Jet-Driven Plane May Play Major Role In War
That New Order Covering Small Arms Ammunition Contains Good News For Farmers
to Constipation ! ’1
^os \
l <
'‘I've given up pills and harsh cathartics. 1 found my consti-,~tion was due to lack of "bulk" in my diet —and 1 discovered that KELLOGG’S ALLBRAN is a perfectly grand way to get at the cause, and, help correct it !"
If this is vour trouble, stop dosing ” w it h harsh pur- H IHI gatives—with their lack of lasting relief ! Try eating a serving of ALL-BRAN daily, with milk, or sprinkled over other cereals. Or, eat several alt. bran muffins daily 1 Drink plenty of water.
Get KELLOCXVS ALL BRAN at your grocer’s today—in either of 2 convenient sizes. Made by Kellogg’s in London, Canada.
The Wartime Prices and Trade Board announced this week that some types of small arms ammunition will be free of rationing and will be available in some stores where there may be stocks on hand.
sO affected is stated by the board to he types which nv longer are being produced ; but no doubt plenty of guns hanging on farmhouse walls are no’, the latest thing in productioi either.
The regulations governing distribution of ammunition still rationed have, however, been somewhat changedjjl plugs any leaks that may have developed in distribution procedure.

$
» !
secretly in the United States by ths General Electric Company, this new rocket-type aircraft may b. soon joining in aerial warfare.
In a dispatch from London th# Daily Mail said the planes probably had a top speed of between 500 and GOO miles an hour.
Several hundred successful flights have been carried out by American pilots in the United States and by British pilots with similar British aircraft in England, all without a single mishap, the statement said.
Research work on the jet-propulsion engines was begun In 1938 in Great Britain by Group Capt. Frank Whittle of the R A F. and his preliminary engine ran successfully in April, 1937.
Belter Use of Gun Eepected
The statement disclosed that the British Air Ministry placed its first order for a plane using jet-propulsion engines with the Gloucester Aircraft Company, Ltd. In 1939.
“The first successful flight of this aircraft was in May, 1941,” said the statement.
In addition to tremendous speed at high altitude, where the standard-type plane’s propeller n ust whirl faster to maintain speed in the thin air, the jet-propulsion engines are expected to eliminate the need for synchronization of guns and propellers. This will permit better use of the guns.
Disclosing their most powerful new “secret weapon," Great Britain and The United States last week disclosed that they have in production a revolutionary type of propellerless fighter plane, driven by jet propulsion engines and capable of terrific speed at gréât heights.
Originally designed more than 10 years ago in Britain and built

M
now
%
r
I
The list of ammunition
s
COUGH SYRUP
i

to
St4
Invaluable for
COUGHS—COLDS r BRONCHITIS ASTHMA
WHOOPING COUGH SIMPLE SORE THROAT
îhi/dren fov# Veno’s
'
*****
m
m
G. I. JUNIOR

t«*
The new order
r

• •.
•i

V‘V.i


L
?
?
Under the old order those essential users who were eligible for supplies were divided into two groups, (1) a prospector; a person who relies on hunting of wild game and birds for food; and a person who requires ammunition as a means of protecting livestock and other animals, poultry and other birds, and crops from predatory animals, rodents and birds, (2) a person duly authorized to purchase small arms ammunition for the Royal Canadian Police or any provincial, municipal or railway police force, or any penal institution; a person duly authorized to purchase small arms ammunition for an industrial plant, hank, railway. public utility company or other commercial establishment for the purpose of supplying ammunition to guards engaged in the protection of property, a trapper licensed as such by a department of the government of Canada or of a provincial government; a rifle, revolver club, provided it has obtained the written permission of the Director of Small Arms Ammunition.
V
Those Old Fur Coats Will Make Seamen’s Vests

l
DON’T DELAY-BUY A BOTTLE TODAY!
.

%
Molasses Is Now Packed In Blocks
ing that a heavy bomb was screaming down.
The mystery plane's arrival was heraldedb > a distant screech which grew in volume until it sounded like a giant whistling kettle. Then the rumble of its powerful engines was heard as the plane shot overhead.
The people soon came to know it, however, as the flights became more frequent, and they finally dubbed it “The Squirt."
3,000 Fur Vests Are Urgently Needed For Protection Of Canadian Seamen
f
%
A process for dehydrating molasses and packing it In dry form has been developed by the US. Board of Economic Warfare. Finished solid blocks of molasses can be stored for Indefinite periods in ordinary warehouses and sheds, and cun be shipped, handled and stored as general dry cargo.
The Ontario Division of the Seamen’s Fur Vests Wav Projects Is again appealing to the public for gifts of furs or old fur coats, says the Toronto Daily Star. These will he turned into warm vests to protect seamen from the biting cold of the North Allan-

a
\\
"j '
sa
i
tic.
,
i
There is urgent need of many of these warm garments. With the public co-operation, this organization hopes it will this year supply at least 3,000 more fur vests to Canadian seamen, . ."
The immediate and urgent need is contributions of old fur coats. It does not matter in what condition they are, the skill of the fur workers can turn them into warm fur vests for the sea-Tt\C n e e #

Underground Ready For Allied Invasion
The Jet Principle
The new United Nations jet-p*>pelled fighter was not reached at a single bound, writes W.K. in the New York Times. Exhaust gases have been used by the British, Germans, Italians and American to kick a heavily loaded airplane forward and thus help the engine get it off the ground. Even before this, it has been found by the Frenchman, Rene Lor in, that when air is admitted into a radiator duct at high speed, slowed down (with a consequent incr ase in pressure), heated, and then expanded through a nozzL, it can exert a e owerful forward thrust. The principle is more easily applied to liquid-cooled than to air-cooled engines. All this amounts to letting the radiator help the engine push the plane.
In Thin Air
Jet propulsion is necessary if we are tor exceed the possibilities of propellers. A propeller literally screws its way through the air. The blades cause a partial vacuum. The greater the density of the air, the greater is the efficiency of the propeller. As we rise, the air becomes thinner. Finally a point is reached at which no propeller will “bite." The ceiling has been reached.
With the jet propulsion exactly the opposite holds good. The less air there is the more efficient is the motor. If the ejected gas has an expansion efficiency of 4,000 feet a second at rest, the same force exerted in motion would increase the speed up to a point where the maximum efficiency is reached at something like 10,000 miles an hour. Jet propulsion gets better and better as speed and height increase.
As a mater of fact, with a fuel composed of liquid oxygen and gasoline, jet velocities of 12,000 feet a second have been obtained. The problem is how to handle the heat and how to control the plane in flight.
Dubbed “The Squirt"
Whether or not jet-driven planes will play a major role in this war remains to b seen. Some observers claim they have watched this plane, streaking about the skies over Britain flash ahead of the famous Spitfire fighter.
But although it is said that the jet plane soon will be in full production, it is recognized it may be some time before it could become a decisive war weapon.
When one of the new British American jet-propelled planes first flew over the outer London area in an experimental flight, many persons rushed for shelter, think -
LÀTK

CLASSIFIED ADVERTISE ME:NTS

i.
Only the initiated know how well the French underground has prepared for Allied invasion, says Newsweek. It would be dangerous to reveal details, hut it can be said that an over all, master plan of action has been drawn up. Apparently, the underground expects the Allies to come from the south, since men have been designated to take over every important government post In the Mediterranean area. Preparations are not so well advaced elsewhere. Armed groups are ready to handle all Vichy resistance though not, of course, strong concentrations of German troops. The underground has promised to await a landing before striking and to obey Allied radio orders. However, It is warned that should the orders be held up for any reason after military operations begin in France, the people will strike anyway.
VI HAHV I lilt K*
Orphaned by the bombing of Avuline, Italy, 10-year-old Tony Mao was adopted as mascot of U S. troops on the Italian front, and is strictly General Issue in conversation, garb and equipment, which includes the carbine slung over his shoulder.
FROM BLOOD-TESTED ri»VK8. Barred Rucks, Ijftrge Type, White leghorn*. Burred Rock X White Leghorr •*. Itod X Rocks, SuHsex X New Hampshire*. Write for price list to A. H. Switzer Hatchery, Gran ton. ont.
*
*
The first group was required to make application to their nearest rationing office before purchase coud be made. The second after filling out the required essentiality certificate was permitted to purchase direct from the stores. In future, no distinction will be shown and all must make their application through the board on a new form issued for the purpose.
It is expected that during 1944 there will be a three-fold increase in production of small arms ammunition and there is a ray of hope that sportsmen may get a limited supply. The bulk of production will still be directed North where Eskimos, Indians, etc., rely upon it for their living. .
< iu»u i:
Letter of Thanks
20" YOUNG CROSS-BRED EWES for sale on Monday, January 24th.
• An exceptionally fine lot. All bred to Oxford Rams, at bargain -prices. Dunn & I**v/ick Ltd., Union Stock Yards Toronto.
A letter, which arrived a fortnight ago, signed by Lieut. Gordon D. Campbell, commanding officer, H.M.C.S. Truro, stated:
“Not so long ago 25 fur-lined jackets came aboard this ship. Their arrival was watched with Interest by members of the crew, most of whom had been out on the North Atlantic before, and knew just how cold it can get there, and what protection your jackets afford. In due course they were distributed, and once again the eager eyes were evident.
“If you could
worn, shabby and ready for discard, hut cleaning and then gently roughing up the nap is often all that is necessary to extinguish that shine and give the garment a new lease on life.
Soil combined with wearing and matting of the wool fibre produces the shlue. Sponging with cleaning fluid will remove much of the soil; sponging with water containing a few drops of ammonia or vinegar may help brighten the color. The nap may then be lifted by brisk brushing or even by the fine sandpapering.
In making over an old navy blue coat that had been discarded because of worn looking patches through the yarn, the clothing specialists first washed the mâterisl, then brushed it lightly with dark blue dye. they applied fine sandpaper to lift the nap. This put the cloth in such good shape that when made over, the coat looked new and the worn spots were not noticeable.
4
FARM FOR SALE
160 ACRES—100 UNDER CULTI-vatlon. large house, burns. electric light, on milk route, 11 miles from 1‘ort Arthur on main high-
school. In< and poultry. Substantial monthly Income assured $2500. will fly once—balance on terms. Mrs. ML Kunna.«. Murillo, Ontario.
quarter mile from ludes equipment, stocX
one
/ -
Tl R2V VOI R II4G9 IXTO CASE
HIGHEST PRICES PAID FOR used lute and cotton feed and mtt*h bag*, etc. We also buy bags with holes. Write immediately, for price*. LONDON BAG COM* PANT, IjONDON. ONT.
aboard
some night when we are at sea and watch how your jackets are passed aoout by members of the crew coming off and going on watch, this letter of thanks would not be necessary. Each member of the crew stands eight hours on watch duty per day, but your jackets are on 24 hours duty."
come
Raindrops are larger in summer than in winter.
Sandpaper Is Good Remover Of Shine
By Galbraith
SIDE GLANCES
Sandpapering and sponging are two of the treatments for shine on wool clothes found euccesful by clothing specialists. A smooth, shiny place on the seat of trousers or the hack of sleeves of a coat cau make the entire garment look
g Vis
* f \ 1
When dry


*
*

It is hoped that as many Canadians as find it possible will quickly make their contributions of old or new furs, and in this way participate in an important war service.
I
>
a
è
*.«/#

NORWEGIAN WRENS



*
I
Ring-Around-The-Rosy
9V
I

%

R. A. F. and Dominion Typhoons and several German aircraft staged a spectacular show for Partisans by playing ring-arouiuMhe-rosy with the Eiffel Tower as a pivot. One German was shot down by Fit. Lt. Charles W. Scambler, of Clair, Sask.
i
m ¦


!

d
\
.
Y8
E
t

t

I
/
//
1
\
m.
2
/
I


r
x
BULGAR ‘BADOGLIO ?
¦A*
1

? ‘YÀ
i
A

»
r
t
\

t





7

w




y
Be,:


- r>y
mmmm
S 24

com im ev ni a sc* vice me r m me v s. fat off

• Norwegian women who enlist in their country’s equivalent of the Wrens want to fight Nazis and no fooling. Pictured above are several learning to handle machine and anti-aircraft guns during training manoeuvres aboard British destroyer.
"Tin going to nsk the boss for a raise tomorrow. Do you think I should wear my transparent blouse or that efficient looking linen?1*
V
T
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS-X Mark* the Spot
r
xuw Hu hAW/b/s
9
o
V

c
TICK L
9 FT
TA

HI
TOE
A
•z
V#
• «
Nicholas Mushanov, above, Bulgarian opposition leader and former premier, was reported from Sweden to have led a pro-Allied coup d’etat aimed at overwhelming the Premier Dobri Bojilov cabinet, making peace with the U S. and Britain and setting up a “Badoglio government." Bulgaria still maintains relations with Russia.
.—1 «I
t
»
% i'i.

V
n
%
*
y

N
vn \
\
ill
'TT
V
|l
Ü II f
r*


A
*-< • S F. 0+; AN


—

###PAGE###4###
I
THE EQUITY I
WORK CLOTHES
Shawville Jan "27th 1944
»
»

»
A

South Onslow School Commissioners
\
!
\
January 14» 194 4
A regular meeting of South Onslow S’W'l Commissioners was held above date at the usual place of meeting.
t : Athol Inglee, chair-
uni a full Hoard of Commissioners.
On motion of Con Henderson, the minutes of last meeting were adopted as read.
On motion Cmr MacKechnie the following bills were ordered paid, viz : -Wayne Smiley, firing No. 1943,	$10.00
Long distance telephone bill,	.4 J
Tenders for wood were examined and on motion of Cmr Poole, the tender of j Tims. Robinson to supply No. 3 at $4 75
l>er cord was accepted.
Mution Cmr MacKechnie, that this Hoard apply to have Crade 9 taught at No. L
Motion—Cmr Poole— that the Svc-Treas. pay bill at Quyon Hardware.
On motion of Cmr Westbrook, the meeting then adjourned.
That have what it takes to give satisfaction and comfort to those who combine comfort
with satisfaction
How to make More Money out of
$


\
)
j
1
Members pit

111411

Keed ’em hut feed om right—when von realize
o	e
that about s.'i per cent, of the cost of ! flinging a pig to market weight is feed you will see the importance of proper feeding—
If you can bring your pigs to market weight in li to à months instead of 0 months—you make more money and bigger profit—
NORTH STAR
Pig Starter, Pig Gower and Pig Finisher
will do it everytime
1

;
Men’s Overalls in the Better makes
Carhartt, Headlight and Peabody at $2.50
Other makes at
V
#
#
&

195
##*####
• e • •
• ••••••* •
î
1
J
lumber mitt, heavy, soft ......... $1.00 per pair
Men’s wood or grained cowhide

â- .
v
Jos. A. Steele
See-Tr vus
)
ill


i
Bristol School Commissioners
I
I

Hanson’s all-wool work socks in three weights three, four and five pound to the dozen pair
50, 65, and 75 cents per pair
A SPECIAL—In a work sox, heather wool. Just the thing fer a heavy boot or gum rubber
Only 29 cents per pair
January lotli, 1944
Bristol School Commissioners mot
Chairman Woods
on
above date. Present
and Commissioners Glenn and Beattie.
The minutes of last meeting were read and on motion of Cmr Glenn were adopted.
o'ta^fcSr4;i'iX„! “WlS Services Use Standard with wood at $(>.oo per cord be accepted.	Photo Exposure Meter
Motion by Cmr Glenn, that Allen Unlike many instruments that Horner’a tender tor No. fi School wood | have been specially designed or rear $2.f>u per cord be accepted providing designed to meet the requirements that he tultll last years contract,	, 0f army and navy, the exposure
A letter was read from Miss Kda me^er now used for wartime pho-Mution by Cmr Glenn, that
i
NOTICE
NOTICE
y
\ny person found trespassing on L<»t H mge 9, Township of Bristol, opening fences or making Winter roads wil t>v p rose vue 1 avcoiding to law.
J. 11. LVCAS,
•Jos Slater Street. Ottawa, Ont
ANNUAL MEETING OF C.P.A.S. No. 1 :
i
The annual meeting of the members of the County of Pontiac Agricultural Society, No. 1, or Div. A., will he hel l in the Society Hall, Shan ville, or. Monday, January 3M, at l 30 p. m.. for the purpose of electing a Board of) Directors of this Society, and also for consideration aid tiansiction o all general hn>iness of such trim il me? nr. '

^c79/?f (jlotfund and 'haoeraa&nen/ Mt men and bous
Howard
Dr S K. McDowell he appointed to at tend to this complaint.
Inspector Dickson’s report to the Board. A number of nnpruvt ments were ordered.
tography is the same as was formerly produced for amateur and y professional photographers.
Military uses for the exposure meter are many and varied. For
example, drawings and valuable rcc-Motion by Cmr Glenn that this Board orcjs arc photographed on microfilm ‘
change the agreement with Joseph ^y an equipment into which an ex-Rooney according to advise trom the p0sure meter has been built as a School Inspector s* follows : —
Each day one child is conveyed t School 25c he paid ; two pupils 3 three pupils 45c pupils G5c he paid
Rooney be charged school taxes for the year 1943-44.
Motion Cmr Beattie, that the followings hills be approved and paid :
Mrs. Wm. Miller, work at No f> $12 50
H. W. Fulford, labor.......
John Caldwell, cord light wood
William Orr, labor . . ^....
J ns, Marks, cleaning No. G . .
Wm Marks, one cord of wood Roland Graham, hauling wood Thos Telford, work at No. 4. .
Jos. Rooney, refund on taxes Moyer School Supplies Ltd ..
Montreal Book Room Limited Motion by Cmr Glenn, that Mrs.
Garth Graham be employed to teach in No. 10 School for the balance of the
A
1er VieU'l , E-ncrr
i tan be ue<v oils for | ou’try
i :;t
?

Givi n at Shawl die, < J nary 17
Ions R McD* v#i:u I‘resident
was read
For Pc
i
9 I 4
X
!>:
R W. l!oi>vî
Secretary
\
i) r
S'
•Ua-
.x
V
t- ***
D
a i
* cl commercial scion ’r.p'. has worked fully as > sh « il in a six-mo: tli tria! in iitr> yards of the University
component part to assure maximum : accuracy in reproduction.
Cattle Production
“Cattle feeders producing war- \ time meat supplies should remember that after steers reach the grade of ‘good,’ or equivalent to an A 1 carcass, costs of gain rise rapid lv," warns F. C. Francis of the Uni versify of Illinois college of agri culture
During the first leur months of the feeding period the largest gains are made. Then comes a short period of consistent gains followed by a steady reduction in the daily rate. Early during this period feeders should market their cattle, particularly at this time because of high grain prices and protein supplement scarcity. Francis advises.	I
It has been found that calves require ll2 times as much feed to produce 100 pounds of gain during ' the second 100 days of the feeding 1 period as they did during the first. The amount of grain it takes to fatten the different ages varies little, because young cattle receive a small amount over a long period and older cattle receive a large amount for a short period.	»
t
Vs
Aerial survey pictures of enemy
territory require exactly correct ex- 1 „ W3S found that vitamin D. n
posure, not only in taking the pho- j 0VvCj..r [run, is ca-icr U mix even
tographs, but also in printing them
as sections to be fitted together into large area maps.
n sin
four pupils 55c : tm Also th.it Mr

ly with poultry r.msh than is oil. find it is not s;> apt to turn rancid i' the feed has to be stored for a tlm
Aerial photography is also impor- Moreover, the powder tested in tk< tant in camouflage detection, and university laboratories contains milk every trick and skill known to pho- by-products and is a good source < ! tography is used by our flying cam- the important B-complex vitamin? eramen in this work. Camouflaged us,.well as vitamin D. Because the positions not visible to the eye can powder docs not contain vitamin A be made to stand out clearly by using the proper film and filter combinations. But exposure of the picture must be perfect.
For Beautiful
J
Cemetery Memorials
If. *25
3 10 ,
1	50 5 00 | 5 00
12 On |
5 00
10 so
30
2	61

the investigators are urging Wisconsin poultrymen using it to replace fish oil, to include in the ration such feeds rich in vitamin A as good yellow corn and either alfalfa leaf meal
write or phone
. geo. h. FROATS & SONS
248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
or green grass
Sideshow in Liberia	In the investigation, three pen»
Along with her major attractions, of white Leghorn pullets getting School term.	j Nature puts on a lively sideshow in vitamin D powder laid about the
A letter w*s read from Mrs. Dora Llbena- Notable is the zebra ante- same number of eggs as three other Beattie	11°PC» doomed to wear a prison garb pcns given sardine oil, and more
Tenders for No. 6 school shed were of broad black stripes over a bright eggs than pullets getting no -xtra opened and discussed:	Motion by , brown coat. Other sights include vitamin D. From the standpoint of
cepted with regret.	Two species of Liberian shrew, a ment station say, brought out a fact
Motion by Cmr Glenn, that John molelike creature with velvety fur, which has shown up many times in Doris be appointed School Commissioner are peculiar to the country. A na- the past—namely, that fish oil tends to fill out Mr. Stewart’s term of office. j tive edition of the dormouse can to be somewhat variable in its ef-On motion of Cmr Beattie, the meet- play his part as sleepily as his fa- fects. Some samples do not give
mous counterpart in Alice in Won- the same results as others, even derland. Exhibits of Nature in the when fed so as to supply the same raw would also include seven spe- level of vitamin D. cies of poisonous snakes, three varieties of crocodile, the giant scor-, pion, and the big West African python.
Phone 278

Nazis Rely on Wood
Goering’s selection as Reichforst-und Jaegerrr.eister, “Germany’s chief forester and master hunter,” was no idle appointment. Goering has stated: “To be without wood in war is nearly as bad as to be without bread”—an appropriate remark when it is considered that German soldiers are eating wood sugar and wood proteins and the meat of cattle fattened upon wood-made fodder. The basis of Germany’s “ersatz” industries is wood. Their Buna tires are made from wood alcohol; their trucks are driven by wood-gas; lubricants are obtained from tree stumps; explosives are manufactured from wood pulp and the waste liquors of paper mills.
Dairy Pails
ing adjourned.
We have now on hand a limited supply of good Dairy Pails.
H. I Smith,
Secretary Treisiirer
Jump With Two Chutes
U. S. paratroops jump with two chutes, the main one on their backs (23 feet in diameter) and a reserve (22 feet) hooked on in front. The reserve is released by ripcord, the main by a 15-foot long static line hooked to a cable inside the plane.
At 15 feet the static line rips off the pack cover, begins drawing out the chute itself. At 43 feet,the chute is fully drawn out and the fine silk “break-cord.” connecting chute and static line, breaks. After a further fall of around 50 feet the chute opens. It should not take longer than two or three seconds In all, a paratrooper usually drops around 100 feet down and 400 feet forward (momentum from the plane's speed) before his chute opens.
New Spin Machine Tests
Fuses for Army Shells
Findlay Furnaces
‘Soapless Soaps’
The possibility of “duds" being “Soapless soaps” represent anoth-used in artillery barrages is now as er important contribution of the reremote as the thought of Mussolini search laboratory to our daily lives, leading a triumphant procession Starting with ordinary vegetable through the streets of Washington, and animal oils, the chemist makes Through its design of a spin test “fatty alcohols” which, in combina-machine that simulates the action of tion with sulfuric acid and other a shell in flight, Willys-Overland mo- chemicals, give us a class of corn-tors has destroyed the apprehen- pounds known as “fatty alcohol sul-sion of gun crews on every front fates.”
that they may be unwittingly load- j Although chemically quite differing projectiles with defective or non- ent from ordinary soap, certain operating fuses.	...	of the fatty alcohol sulfates are
The use of the 'spinner at the foest “detergents” known. They Toledo war plant, where it was cor.- are similar to ordinary soap in ceived as an assembly-line method cleansing properties, but better in of inspecting volume production of that they work in hard water as fuses for 4C-mm. anti-aircraft shells,
has reduced rejections from an orig- briny ocean water they form billows inal figure of 20 per cent to one- of foaming suds, tenth of 1 per cent, according to Joseph W. Frazer, president.
At the same time, he disclosed.
A few good all cast Findlay Furnaces are now available. Place your order now to insure early
delivery
i
a
Save Costs in Census
Millions of federal dollars were1 ‘a saved in taking the 1940 census 5 through application of a statistical method whereby an extended questionnaire requesting additional information was sent to a random sample of 5 per cent of the population. A slight probability of error was taken into account and controlled through an exact knowledge of its magnitude, and the added information thus obtained was as of great a value to the government as though a comM	plete census had been taken, at a
concern among home owners. This ^much greater cost, condition is caused by the maple petiole borer. Although the number of leaves which fall may seem large they represent but a very small percentage of the leaves on the tree, and usually little if any effect results to the tree.
The worm or larval stage of the
iiiStrul iiuliuwS Out 5 portion of till?
petiole or leaf stem causing it to break, letting the leaf and part of the leaf stem fall to the ground. A few days later the remainder of the petiole with the larva enclose# falls to the ground. The larva enters the ground where it remains until next spring when it emerges again in the form of a very minute sawfly.
DALE’S TINSHOP
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
3
?
well as in soft water. Even with

Falling Leaves
Falling of sugar maple leaves during June should cause no great
i
I	Turkey Dry Tableland
approximately 150 of these machines , Turkey is a high, dry tableland
are installed in government load- fringcd with a fairly fertile coastal ing stations and munition plants belt From tbe lofty mountains of throughout the country to test mil-, Armenia on the eastern frontier the lions of different type fuses monthly. land levels ofy in a series of prairie-In explaining the operation of the ! areas partitioned by treeless, spinner, which weighs 55 pounds, wind swept ridges. Rivers live up Frazer pointed out that the two arm- to their names only in spring. In ing units of a 40-mm. fuse, the firing summer they go dry, trace their
pin and the rotor assemblies, are ; COm-ses only as sun-baked streaks uf designed as safety features that pi c-1 gticks and stones.
vent the shell from exploding be-1 Uplands yield grain and grazing cause of bumps or jars while in for goats Large-scale agriculture storage, transit or handling. As a - prospers on the Aegean coast. Fruit, result, he said, the fuse cannot be cotton and tobacco take big slices detonated until centrifugal force due of acreage. East of the Straits and to the spinning action of the shell the Sea of Marmara Turkey is a as it passes through the rifling of roUingi grain - bearing plain, a the gun arms both units.	| ..bread basket” for the nation.
i
ESTABLISHED 1883
Combat Rabies
To combat a rabies epidemic, Kenosha, Wis., has remodeled a truck and made it a “dog wagon,” hired a dog catcher and rented space in a vacant building for a dog pound. Descriptions of dogs picked up arc posted on official city bulletin boards each day. If dogs are not claimed within five days after posting they are put to death in a carbon monoxide chamber at police headquar-The gas chamber is an airtight box into which is inserted a hose from the exhaust pipe of a police squad car backed up to the box.
I N VALID
COACH
GBO. HYNES & SON
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
V^Shawville Oue.
ters
Phone 80
»
###PAGE###5###
î r
y; ¦
»
Service Announcements
Look Here
y0™ do z$Cy.
^4/i/ft tfoirfi phjeieétf-j
chacun. (
Sunday,January 30th
For Sale, Wants, Found,
Lost, etc.
FEBRUARY
9haw viLi.a Ukitkd Church Rev A. F. Foie» B. A., B.D. PAitor
11,00 a. m.—Service at Shaw ville. 2.Ou p. m —Servie#) at Zion.
3.30 p. m—Service ai Starks Cor-
WANTED—Woman or girl to hire hy month or <Uy, for genera! house work. Apply to VÎRs (Juris Cam#, well, Shawvill©. Phone 22.
Furniture Clearance

P
l'OH SA i, K ~l)eainihle village re»i (ietirt* on Main Street, Etat, Sliawville, large g/'-nritlt. For further particulars apply to Dim an Camhikll, Shawvillc.

Hi

I
%%S3^6S%S%%%X%%%%36%%X%%%%%36X3»3WXS6Sk
ncr.i.
Subject—
“The Christian and the Social Order
Vf

Wm

t »
;> ^2

7 30 p. in.—Service at ^bawville. Subject—
Big- reductions in Chesterfield Suites
FàBMBîh hi i » -
Hie way to produce good apple# is to
plant tin beat ti •.

YOU il CHANCE
2## Æ
\


m
I
"Mastering your Desire#’
E, \) Smith • tew i
are government teste'*, the very be#t Muality and trite to name, post-war opportunities, order your trees tor Spring delivery. Consult your authorized agent. Kenneth C. Jvm>, Shaw ville.

i


Uj M
I)' n't mis#
I - v

I
Clarendon Circuit !Ikv. N.T. Holmes, B.A., B.l). Pastor
Three-piece dark wine upholstering, and two matching chairs. This Chesterfield suite is exceptional value
at this saving price, $169. 0 for $127.00


*



Service at IU«lfor<l— 11.00 a. in Service at Bristol—3.00 p. m. Communion Service ut Y arm—7 30 p.m


¦
à!V
FOR SALK -Some fine cattle, including co«1’m Owner making a change Consult with I’. Stickler, or W. F Greenwood, Bryson, (jne.
1* OR SALK—T. Eaton box stove, large fire box. 1 ’sed me Winter. Apply to Ui sskll M ee, R. 1, Shaw ville. Phone,
15 - i 4.
f.A


Three-piece dark green upholstring with two matching chairs. Built and designed for comfort. Large and inviting Chesterfield wi h reversible cushions
«r
Bristol United Church Lay Minister : —Mr. Leslie Dean
St. Andrews Service—11 00 a. in.
Sunday School immediately following
Knox
Service—3.00 rn Austin
Service—8.00
Sermon Subject :
"The First Law in the Home”
YOU WOULD BË PERFECTLY
• S"E ‘jiafisfc

$169.50 for $127.00
Three-piece dark wine upholstered Chesterfield solidly built, with two matching chairs. A genuine bargain
at this reduced price, $142.50 for $103 50
y
FOR SALE—lr# purebred ewe lamb# bred for 1044 ; one 2-disc Massey-Harris plow two cutters ; will exchange quantity of hay and straw for green stove wood, hardwood number 3 months old runner pigs. Appl) to At.f Elm >tt, It. z, Shawville.
9
Of course, you wouldn't operate This is only cne outstanding feature your separator in the best room of of the Renfrew Separator. Others the house. This is just to impress you include the low supply tank, ease of
with the absolute cleanlin Renfrew. No splashing of oil—no	highest quality and performance at
greasy, insanitary, fly-attracting mixture of oil and milk, making a mess of both machine and floor. The oil necessary to the operation of a Renfrew goes in at the top and reinside until it is time to stand behind him and all the Rea»
frew products he sells.
RANGES • HEATERS * WASH-RITES • TRUCK-SCALES • INCUBATORS
Wanted — A
and
of a operation, close skimming
Three-piece Daveno Suite
By SIMMONS
a reasonable price.
You can buy your Renfrew from the man you know—Renfrew's own representative in your neighborhood. He is responsible to you and we
FOR SALK -
One second-hand Rang-.», in good condition. Apply to Mb*. T. J, Smith, Main Street, West, Sbawville
Beautiful Daveno of superb quality and construction. An outstanding value. Two matching chairs
For $112.50
ANGLICAN
Rev. K Bolton, li A , L Tit
St. Paul’s
Sunday Sell' ni —10.00 a. in.
Holy Communion— 11 00 a u. Confirmation—7.30 p. m.
FOIl SA LH —Om* bay gelding, rising 4 years, weight about 1400 lbs, well broken double or single
gasoline engine,
Appy to T. H. Killy, Shaw ville Marble and Or mitt* W«i . Phone 121.
mains change it.
also 1 jj h. p in g-iod condition.
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED RENFREW OUT
ST.JOHNS PQ.
REGINA SASH.
SUSSEX MB.
1
W A N T F. 1 )—Kx peri vi:c( d farmer or couple t"r farm. Good wages. Separ ate house or would share. Apply t< Alex. 11 xyley. Fort Cou longe, (jne
3
Modern Studio Couch
LEO R. KEON
Comfortable studio couch upholstered in dark green repp. Easy to adjust for double bed comfort.
I
North Clarendon Pa emu Rev. P, R. Stutk
in charge
DIST11ICT it E VI £ ES EN T ATI Y E
McKee - Quebec
$49.80
Charter!#, Holy Communion, 10.30 p m
Dedication service at which Bishop Dixon, of Montreal, will preside.
Ladysmith, Evening Prayer,
FARM FOR SALE
Two well improved farms
100 acres in the Township of Clarendon.

3.00 pach,
Greermount, Evening Prayer, 7.30 p m. Fur ‘nil pirticulars apply to
__________________________________	VV. .1. TVGMAN,
R. 2, Shaw ville, (Jue,
Cotton Felt Mattresses
Extra soft and thick, the generous fillings of cotton felt are covered with firm striped and floral tickings. Rolled edges. All in three standard sizes
Weslkyan Methodist Chuki h Rev. H. Ktelty. Pastur
Sunday School at 10 00 Morning Service at
t
ï
'
a. m.

$7.95 to $8.75
Vitamins \
10.45
Vulcanizing
CampUli'a Bty
Sunday School Evening Service at
10.00 t. m. 7.00
Be prepared for the
Cold Weather
White Layer Felt Mattresses
We have just installed two small Vulcanizers and can now repair minor breaks on your tires and large rips in tubes. Let us attend to all your tire troubles.
Extra quality sterilized layer felt fillings, 48 and 54 inches standard sizes
Holiness Movement Church Key. W. C. A. McFarlank, Pastor
Shawville
A week-end Convention in charge of Rev. J. C. Black, Gen Superintendent
Service» :
Friday 8.00 p in.
Saturday 2.3U and 8.00 p. m. Sunday, 10 30 Supper
Evangelistic service at 2.30 and 7.30
North Onslow Sunday School— 1 30 p. in. Service—2 30 p. m.
Uniting with the Standard Church, Rev, E, Hughes in charge.
Build yourself up with
$13.75 to $27.50
VITAMINS
*
We carry Vitamins for all conditions
Mattress Values
Slumber King Sleep Unit 48 and 54 inch. All new fresh stock, Simmons quality. Mattress, inner spring and base,
A
Sacrament of Lord’#
Try a new McGormic-Beering Cream
Separator now
It will put DOLLARS in your pocket
$47.50 for $37.50
¦
THE CORNER STOR 2

Estate Mrs, M. C. Howard /
Main and Centre Sts. £ SHAWVILLE 5
Hodgins Garage
Pentecostal Assemblips Rev, F. O. IUhtlky, Pastoii.
Shawville
Services at 11.00 a. m. and 7 .30 p. tu.
Bristol Ridge
Service at 2 30 p. in, and 7 45 p. in.
;
/
WWVNN
ê
«
Buick, Oldsmobile
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
Wilson’s Garage
)
•4
th
Ti\e Same Reliable Service
Stark# Corners Service at 11.00 a. m.
Portage du Fort Service at 3 30 p. in.
Rev. H. S. Richardson in charge
Phone 64
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Attention, Farmers I
Ford Service
It is now time to have your seed grain cleaned.
!
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
WANTED
Get our Prices
J. P. Wilson
THIS YEAR
Main Street Shawville Quebec
Phone 40
Anyone having a surplus of coarse grains or clover seed are asked to get our offers before selling.
Join the many satisfied customers who are now using Purina Chowmix Hog Grower, Hog
Finisher, Dairy Ration and Laying Mash.
»
Salt, Flour and Chopped Grain
always on hand
Highest prices paid for Hides
B
k
Start your chicks
» f;
Large quantity of
SUCK/

RAILROAD TIES
Grow Regal Lilies Regal lilies are one of the easiest tog the garden. They should be planted in full sun with a light shading on the lower part such as afforded by a near-by peony, delphini-! um or other perennial. ' Growing readily from seed, it has been made to bloom in 17 months. In buying bulbs, try to get those from which the roots have not been removed. Bare bulbs take two years to bloom. Set at least eight inches deep in good soil ........... _... _ .- .
It's good business, this year, to start your chicks earlier than ever. For good BRAY Chicks, see
JOHN McCREDIE MARYLAND
Write or telephone
x
J. M. ARGUE
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
f
###PAGE###6###
| This Curious World
DOG-TIRED DEVIL-DOGS RELIEVED ON BOUGAINVILLE
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
By William Ferguson
II
r.
r

»!
DRJVÎMC3 TESTS
January 30
JESUS USES HIS POWER TO
- HELP
Mark 4:35—5:43.
PRINTED TEXT, 4:35-41; 5:35-43 GOLDEN TEXT—Why are ye fearful? have ye not yet faith?
Mark 4:40.
Memory Verse: Thou art nigh, O Jehovah. Psalm 119:151.

î
RECORDS SHCW THAT*
A UTOMOB l UE DRIV'ER^ OP THE
/
z
%%
//
i
AGE GROUP (,'9 702/)
ACCOUNT FOR THE
"MOST- J</U-£D "
OP AJSJV GROUP
I
Z
4
Or-
6.%
» t
te- tit
r

y
%

E

THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
All the events of this lesson took place in the autumn, AD. 28
Piece
>>
Tim


A
A
'
w
9
The quieting of the I waves took place ou the Sea of I Galilee; the country of Gadara Is I on the eastern shore of the same I sea; the other two miracles took I place In the city Capernaum.
I Quieting The Stormy Sea I And on that day. when even I was come, he smith unto them, I	Let us go	over	unto	the	other
I side. And leaving the multitude. I they take him with them, even as I	he was. in	the	boat.	And	other
I	boats were ,	w ith	him.	And	there
I nriseth a great storm of wind, and I the waves heat into the boat, in ! Romuch that the boat was now filling."
I What a parable of life! How I	often when	life	seems so	calm
and secure wo are faced with a sudden and almost overwhelming I crisis! A great calamity, sorrow, temptation overtakes us. At such an hour we are put to the test. Those who trust the Saviour will he found equal to any emergency.
A Perfect Trust
I “And he himself was in the I stern, nsleep on the cushion : and I	they awake	him,	and	say	unto
him, Teacher, rarest thou not that we perish?” How perfect was Jesus’ trust in His Heavenly Father I He had no fear for he I knew all was well.
I “And lie awoke, and rebuked I the wind, and said unto the sea,
I Peace, be still, and there was I a great calm. And he said unto them, why are ye fearful? Have ye not yet faith? And they feared exceedingly, and said one to another, who then is thir, that even the wind and the sea obey him?” The disciples should by this time have had faith, and faith would have delivered them from fear. The danger of the storm past they were seized with another fear, the fear of being close to one who could exert such power and to feel their own helplessness and lack of power.
The Sorrowing Ruler “While he yet spake, they come from the ruler of the synagogue’s house, saying, thy daughter is dead: why trou blest thou the Teacher any further?” Nothing could be more final than the words, ‘Thy daughter is dead/ and there was obviously no expectation in the ruler’s house that even Jesus could now be of any service. They had believed that Jesus could heal the sick, but that He could raise the dead was beyond their belief.
The Select Three "But Jesus, not heeding the word spoken, saith unto the ruler of the synagogue, Fear not, only believe.
• And he suffered no man to follow with him. save Peter, and James, and John the brother of James. And they come to the house of the ruler of the synagogue; and
-'fer-x
*



Kl
:
A ?
•V
MM
LONG-NÆCKCD BIRDS
strong to permit reasonably frequent replace-moving out of the jungle on Bougainville.
U.S. forces in the South Pacific now are sufficiently merits by fresh troops, so these tired Marines are shown They were the ones who hit the beach at Torokina Point and met the heaviest Jap opposition.
ARE ABUS TO MAINTAIN
e
BALANCE IN FLK3HT BV
•°o I EXTBVD/MS -4/VO /357mCT7/\C
THE A/ECK
o
log the room with warmth and light, but you would wonder at it getting through at all for the windows arc bo grey looking. And that, let me tell you Is the direct result of using steam coal. And as long as 1 am using steam coal my windows will be dirty, for as fast jyr 1 can clean them they get murky again. However, the time Is approaching when our supply of this dirty, smoky, hard-on-the-temper fuel will he exhausted— and we are not getting any more! And yet you know I like it If only it were not so dirty. It Is the grandest coal to start a fire 1 ever knew. And that of course Is why Partner likes it so well. 1 am quite sure he would he content to use It for the rest of the winter — providing the house didn't burn up before the winter was over as a result. Bin of course, Partner isn’t sweeping and dusting, and
cleaning flues and trying, without success, to keep the feather-weight soot from flying every which-way. If he were he might not be so anxious to go on using it.
CHRONICLES of GINGER FARM
oo
O
By
Gwendoline P Clcrke
OO
#
#
O
you how to keep windows “unbroken". nor how many hours n week It would take to clean the windows, nor how much it would cost to buy shades and curtains for them. I wonder what would happen to that unbroken expanse of glass should the small fry play baseball In summer or throw snowballs in winter!
It doesn't sound too practical does it? And yet 1 am sure the idea has much to commend it. Personally I think most houses are far too dreary. 1 love rooms with the sun streaming in through the windows. "Ah. hut that Is hard on the carpets and drapes,” did you say? Well, I suppose it la —hut I must confess I would rather have a faded carpet in a bright room than a bright carpet In a shaded room.
I have a
Hullo, everybody question for you. ft's this: How would you like to live In a “solar home" or In other .words glass house"? I hope it doesn't sound too crazy to you, because, according to the January Reader’s Digest, solar homes may become very popular after the war.
These houses are Jmilt with all the main rooms facing south behind an almost “unbroken’ expanse of glass and with a four foot rave which shuts out the direct rays of the sun in summer hut allows the winter sun to stream in at will. In solar homes .fuel hills can be nit as much as thirty-eight percent below average; eyestrain is lessened and light hills reduced.
V
&
"a


COP*. 1*3# #V St SV Cl. INC.
COLD figures worked out by Hie Highway Research Board show that auto drivers between 45 to 50 years of age kill the fewest persons . . about 66 per year for each 100,000 drivers. But the youngsters of 19, 20 and 21, who make the best records in driving tests, kill off 220 persons annually, per each 100,000 drivers.
. •
NEXT: Wu tiiirago is not the "Windy Ci(y.~
RADIO REPORTER
B,
REX FROST

*
However (lie article doesn't tell
Oh. Oh! 21,706 Canadians failed to take out licenses for their radio receivers in 1943. The year before, there wefe 12,447 who listened in. but didn't pay in. So says the Dominion Bureau of Statistics. But the Bureau has apparently greeted 1944 in the spirit of optimism. They “hope" the figure of negligent license buying listeners will show a big decline.
same cheery happy go-lucky vein. Who? Why those two Canadian veterans of laughs and comedy A1 and Bob Harvey, together with A1 Savage who chase your blues away every Saturday evening at 8 o'clock over a C.BC network.
*
ha hoholdeth a tumult, and many meeting and walling greatly."
J.«Mis suffers no further Interruption. Ile took with Hlm three of the Twelve as witnesses, hut them alone. Tills is the first ap-pearanee of the select circle of three within the closer circle of the Twelve. At Jewish funerals professional mourners maintained a noisy lamentation over the dead.
The Crowd Is Rebuked
"And when he was entered in, he saith unto them, Why make ye a tumult, ami weep? The child is not dead, hut sleepeth." When our Lord said that the child was not dead but only asleep He did not liman that she was not actually dead, but that the death that was hers would now be ended as sleep is ended with our awakening.
"And they laughed him to scorn. But he, having put them all forth, taketh the father of the child and her mother and them that w%»re with him and goeth In where the child was." Jesus put them out because it was unfitting to have this noisy, jeering crowd about Him on an occasion so solemn and pathetic. It was fitting to have a few chosen witnesses present with the stricken parents.
The Miracle of Resurrection
"And taking the child by the hand, lie saith unto her, Talitha cumi; which is, being interpreted, Damsel, I say unto thee, Arise.” The word •Talitha’ is a word of affection and endearment answering to the words 'my child.1
"And straightway the damsel rose up, and walked, for she was twelve years old. And they were amazed straightway with a great amazement. And he charged them much that no man should know and he commanded that
But keeping the windows clean so that the sun can get in — Well, that's something else again. Right now I am sitting in our living room and the sun is flood-
Only half the pre-war quantity of matches is produced in Great Britain, and they usually go to .registered customers.
#
Every radio listener at some time or other seems to enjoy the shivers . . . that creepy sensation which goes up his or her spine when ghost stories come out of the loud speaker. If yon enjoy the spine ttngler, better tune in to the new series of "Night for Mystery", Wednesday evenings over CFRB, 10.30. The opening announcement explains the theme in a nutshell . . . stories of the weird . . . the supernatural . . . and the terrifying.
1
i
HERO'S SON
Answer to Previous Puzzle
(abbr.).
14	Land parcel.
15	Beverage.
16	Announce.
18 Piece out
20	Weight (abbr.).
21	Obtain.
25	Bundle of sticks.
26	Vegetable.
27	Spout
30 One who rides
32 Half ems.
34	Wasted away.
35	State of equality.
HORIZONTAL
1,4 V. S. hero's pictured son,
It's a strange thing, but few top ranking stars in radio enjoy the privilege of a programme which actually bears their name. Much of the finest talent of the air waves is.the subdued glitter under S title such as "Town Hall", "Star Theatre" "Lux Radio Show," "Hit Parade" or some such headline. Recently however that young man who lias the ladies swooning In the aisles created a precedent for
He commenced a
UH!d	aa ¦ «lU'fl aüll
H 03MRP ft 000 [f]
mm aaiaa iiaau an
Kiaia nranaaau
2 are ohiibS
ÏÏM00H BBS B
BBS
n k
P.
III.
mm
0 Short for cousin.
11 Dens.
13 Song.
15 Constellation.
17 Intervening S (law).
19	Admits.
20	All right (abbr.)
23	Complete outfit of infant’s 39 Metal, clothing.
24	Verse (abbr.). (abbr;).
25	Enemy.
26	Fondle.
27	His father sank a battleship.
28	By.
29	Limb.
31 Devoured.
33 Apex.
35 3.1416.
37 Tavern.
I MB Arne
I L IE A C
00
ISPOd
iraa hbie
BOB
Bam
a hd
Ontario classrooms are uot without their musical moments these days. Every Friday afternoon at 2,30 p.m. school children throughout the Province aie entertained with a musical series which combine entertainment with education. Explanatory notes on varying types of musicians and their work are given in colourful, easily understandable form ail its shadings from phantasy to the classical is adapted to the youthful mind through this schoolroom series, now a feature of the C.B.C.
HH
HA
R
I N
a new comer, new Wednesday evening 9 to 9.30 Columbia network half hour show under the simple but important title, "The Frank Sinatra Programme". If you're a "Sinatra" fan you'll know that Frank also hits the "lilt Parade" Saturday evenings at 9 o'clock over C.B.S. He runs into serious competition however with Hockey Fans In Canada.

nMBB I 0JE5
GIRIAWIST
ET
B0
E
VERTICAL
41 Advertisement l His nickname 36 Decline.
38 Nehemiah (abbr).
40 Neither.
43 Yes.
is
42 Small hound. 2 Form of
45	Negative reply oxygen.
46	Send back.
50	Cricket term.
51	Hang about.
53 More
3 Within.
5	Cloth measure 44 Ripped.
6	More disabled. 47 Sketch a plan,
7	Reclines.
8	Years (abbr.). 49 Golf peg.
9	Tropical tree. 52 By way of.
10 Mineral rock. 54 Railroad
WÊÊ
55 Either.
music In
48 Anger.
*
uncommon.
56	Remove.
57	Noblemen.
58	Field of combat. '
Two "flve-nnuutera" which are drawing considerable audience at the present time are the 6.25 to 6.30, and 10.55 to 11 pm. periods over CFRB, Toronto. Just ahead of Jim Hunter’s newscasts, the 6.25 story period conducted by Gordon Sinclair seems to set a stage for the dramatic news story these days before CFRB a 11 o’clock newscast, has recently come a new addition which tells tile life stories of prominent personalities in the news, with Michael Fitzgerald. Both excellent stage setters for the general world news, as well as interesting programmes in their own right.
12	Pry.
13	California
Germans Destroy Ancient Churches
3
1
4 5
a
I
7
6
HR
i
9
II
12
The German barbarians have destroyed the centuries-old Russian churches near Novgorod — memorials of the beginning of the Russian state and jewels of ancient art.
The stern faces of princes and saints of old Russia, painted on ikons, stare through the broken walls of the Spaas Neredftsy Church. Blocks of stone and heaps of rubble are all that remain of the strong walls built by unknown architects, which stood for seven and one-half centuries, until German artillery reduced them to ruin.
Artists and scientists came from all countries of the world to view the wonderful frescoes, creations of the masters of those tittles, and to study the art and architecture of Kiev-Novgorod.

K
16
And five minutes
17
14
15
W
13
y
(ÿo* T
Z
21
22
19
V
Worms
ludwigshofen 1 \Vm ANNHIIM N.uttodt* > H.j<Wfc.„
• Koteersloufern ///•#••
. L.«d.«* *//GERMANr
uËMœ'
tins
something should he given her to
24
25
23
;
cat."
This is our Lord’s first recorded miracle or resurrection. Christ's command to give the child something to eat would prove the reality of the miracle and complet!-ness of the restoration. But why did Christ charge those present to keep the matter secret? Imagine what uncontrolled excitement and confusion would have arisen had people heard He could raise the dead. Tt would hinder rather than help His ministry. He took three of the Twelve as witnesses that His power over death might be published later.
26
27

28
29
31
32»3
30
They got the New Year off to a bright cheery start, and they promise to see it through in the
- ¦> Nip
35
36 H 37
58 ¦33
North Sec
40

Sfr
\ FRANCE *
41
42
43
44*45
*
HIYA, PALESTINE !
47 48
49 *50
46
51
52
53
55 *56
54
56
57
1
27
Frankfurt-Mannheim Area
i
i
POP—All in Tune
By J. MILLAR WATT

-

y*

t
NO !	1 WANT* YOU TO
MAKE ALL THE OTHER
NOTES LI KE

AMD you WANT aae
_ n to pur Yl it right
‘THERE'S A NOTE ON
-this Piano •
THAT WON'T
PLAY

l,
» i
ft.
A

7
U.
\
MM

l


z
1
>
y

Talent-hungry Hollywood might look to the Middle East, judging by this photo of a comely British WAAF serving there, âfce’s from Palestine.





Q-
0-31
eiiM v/
• t*c.)

f Rl


###PAGE###7###
Canada’s Position In The Air World
HEL^-DIVING
Pimples and Blackheads
MACDONALD’S
Relieved by this Medicinal Ointment
Whether in bathing suit or evening drees you l>ecome very much embarrassed by akin affections and irritations on the shoulders and back as well as on the face. Why not do something altout it—something worth while. Dr. Chase’s OINT MENT is a medicinal product on which you can rely for
steering up skin troubles of this nature as	__	..ms mi
well as itching and ecsema.
Mothers who are accustomed to use Dr.
Chase's OINTMENT for baby's skin troubles and ecsema find it so delightfully healing and soothing that they soon acquire the habit of using It for their own s'
60 rts. s box. Economy Jar, five times as much $2.00	_____________

il
T.C.À. Laying Foundations For Future Of Aviation
¦

v r-

k
: W
r :
It Is still too early to predict the shape of the world after the war, says H. J..Symington, K.C., President. T rans-Canada-Airways. It Is true our thinking Is not limited to guessing and planning Is going on hut as conditions are continually changing It seems to me essential that we remain flexible in our thinking and planning.
The same is, of course, true of aviation, which we all know will play an Important part In the world after the war. It has come so much to the front In the world picture, that It Is now trite to say aviation has opened up new perspective In human experience and International relationships, that It has, Indeed, changed geography and given us a new world. We are conscious as never before of gobai air routes and already before the war Is won, we arc beginning to hold conferences; to formulate, policies and to lay down plans for equipment and services. Much of our thinking about post war aviation must perforce be speculative ami the time has not come when the nations can throw them open for public discussion.
Ill






. \

Cck#jCdUo!s ÇtcuudcJid Çmofvi

' te '
c
affections
ill


And He Worries
About Breakfast!
Air Lines, too, Is exploring all the
ramifications.
Trans-Canada Ifas been designated as the Instrument of the Canadian Government In International air transport In addition to being given the responsibility of operating all main line systems In Canada.
Dr. Chase’s Ointment

1




~'SW>
Back of au award of a military medal to a New Zealand private lies the story of a small New Zealand forc^ besieged In a strong point by the Japanese during the Solomons fighting.
The officer and the only commissioned officer present were wounded and the cook took command of the defense and directed It ably, holding off the Ja all night and killing a number of the enemy.
But when dawn came and the fighting ended the cook began to look troubled.
‘ What's the matt A*? buddy asked.
"I've got to get out of here.** the cook said, "I should he getting breakfast ready now."
m
*-
JFi



sweater that has a large hole In
How Can / ? ?
r-
¦
u


it?


By Anne Ashley
A. Try basting a piece of material on the wrong side and darning through the patch. It will make the darn stronger and will keep the shape of the garment.
0
Q. How can I clean a very greasy sink?
A. Dust well with scouring powder and then sprinkle with ammonia. The ammonia will kill the disagreeable odor and a rag and hot water will wipe out all grease.


JA V
M.ic" ¦¦
The record of the pest year has demonstrated that the confidence the Canadian Govenment has placed In Trans-Canada Air Lines has been fully Justified. Though not on a commercial basis, nor as part of Its regular operation, T.C.À. actually began flying the Atlantic this past summer, in a special government wartime service urgent war business and tons of Important cargoes, and mails for the troops overseas, have been carried in large aircraft operated by T.C.A. crews.
The volume of traffic in 1943 showed a considerable Increase over the previous year. (Figures for the last three months are estimated.) Passengers numbered 141,000 an Increase of 36,554. Mall amounted to 3,900.000 pounds, an increase of 1,591,188 pounds. Express weighed 840,000 pounds, an Increase of 477,163 pounds was more than double the amount carried in 1942.
Q. How can I prevent chapping «I hands when they have been In water?
A. The skin will pucker If the hands are in water for any length Of time. Hut If rubbed with either vinegar or lemon Juice, It will make ' them soft and white, and prevent chapping.
Q. How can I make waffles or ddle cakes so that they will all the rfhme size?
A. Mix the batter in a large pitcher. They will be uniform In #lzo and evenly baked by pouring the batter instead of using a spoon or dipper.
Q. How can I make a cement for glass?
A. Cement for attaching objects to glass can be made by melting together one part of resin and two parts of yellow wax.
Q. How can I mend a woolen

rît
JF'wlk

iJ

Hi
»
an
mm









¦
MM
*jj	5|ppi$


Passengers on
in»
S'
%
Defeated

$ •


A southern Negro struggled desperately with his draft questionnaire and worrying he gave up in despair, returned the paper with a notation : 'Tse ready when you
Kidneys Musi Clean Out Acids
-
It is important to know, however. that Canada Is well aware of its strategic position in what has been called "the air world". The shortest routes between North America and Europe and Asia cross this Dominion. This gives us at once an opportunity and a responsibility and the Canadian government has been quick to realize both. Some time ago, It set up an tnterdepaitmental
committee on international civil aviation which Is making a thorough
study of the whole question and which advises the government on procedure. The Trans • Canada


After much sweating
4

H re'* an idea 01 what Japs at Rabaul saw when 23 “Helldivers" reamed through some 80 Zeros and heavy flak barrage to leave Rabaul harbour an inferno of smashed ships. In photo above, landing barges circle as dive bomber roars down on “enemy shore."
is."
Excess acid», poisons end wastes In your blood ere removgjf chkjfly b^your^kldneys.
stïvî^ervouiness, Rheumatic Pains, frequent headaches, and feeling worn cut. often are caused by Kidney and Bladder troubles.
W^rWVoïS %&%%%
nays clean out excess acids and wastes. And this cleansing, purifying Kidney action. In just a day or so. may easily make you feel younger, stronger and better than In years. The Iron clad money-back agreement on Cysts* Insures an Immediate refund of the full cost unless completely satisfactory. You have everything to gain and nothing to lose under thla money back offer so get Cjste* from your druggist today.
a. w
This
RUINED CHURCH IN WAR’S WAKE


»
w

mm
*
in



Winston Churchill, in preparing a speech, dictates to a typist because he distrusts shorthand notes.

&
Employees Of Tea Company Honored


£¦**
t
«
I

CLA55IMEU
ADVEK IÏSEMENTS
CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISEMENTS
CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISEMENTS
Newspaper advertising has been almost the exclusive medium for advertising products of the Sa lad a Tea Company throughout Canada and United States for 50 years, it was announced by company officials in celebrating the 55th anniversary of the founding of the company by the late Hon. P. C. Larkin.
More than 150 employees af Salada Tea attended a celebration at the Royal York, given by G. R. Larkin and his sister, Miss L. Alleen Larkin, in appreciation of employees’ co-operation in meeting wartime problems.
Thirty-four employees who have been with the company for 25 years or more, were honored by presentation of suitably inscribed watches by Miss Larkin.

n

A
4
t
I
IIAIIV CHICKS
FAItHS I OII HAl.V.
UPEKH TO INVF.NTOICS
'

1

200 ACHES. liOTS 27-28. CONCES-slon y. llaldimand twp. First-class clay loam, all under tractor
well watered, two
teiv phom. - hurt h.
frtor»1. Highway 45. Apply Cephas Brisbin. Ft ne I la. Ontario.
HATCHING BUGS WANTED. WE require additional breeding flock a all breed* 10 supply us with hatching eggs fur 1V4 4 hatching season. I locks culled and bloodiest t d frtti of charge. Guaranteed premium paid. Also lurk* y Mocks needed. Cockerels wanted: Barred Jlo< ks. White leghorns, White Bocks and Black Au. traiorpa suitable fur breeding. Write tor full details immediately. Box 70, TO Adelaide «St. West, Toronto.
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and full Knformation sent free. The Ramsay Registered Patent Attorneys, 273 Hank Street. Ottaw
* *
» v« %
A
cultivation
l	ba i ns. Hydro
daily mail, near school
l *
Cc
Canada.


r
X
V
“NOW AVAILABLE”

FARMS


Lc-tz Combinatfun Feed Mills—(Canada's most profitable farm feed processing unit. Useful all year round. Fills silos, chops hay Into mow. grinds grain for hog®, cattle and poultry, and does many other feed preparing Jobs. 3 sizes. Write for free literature.
GEORGE WHITE & SONS CO. LTD., LONDON, ONTARIO
Mire. While steel threshers, silo
fillers, etc.
Distributors John Deere Tractor» and Tractor Equipment._____________
SUBURBAN Vi
¦¦¦¦¦
Richmond Bill. Ontario
OVERT IKS. NORTH Xpply R. H. K
0*

me

4f
WE HAYJ
HICKS FOR IMMEÜ-
a limited quick ur-Murch and « ordered

MAVLECREST QUALITY CHICKS guaranteed profit producers popular breeds, prices. Maple-cre/t Farm, Ruute 2, (.'opetown < fata rio.
hipment, and quantity t*f started, for dering. Your February, later chicks .should b now also. Bray Hatchery John St. X., Hamilton, Out
t

?
æ m
130
WM

FOll SALK
CHOICE LAYING AND READY TO Jay White Leghorn pullets at
\l>o Barred Free cat-
!
ONE OF THE MOST PROFITABLE rural businesses today Is the FEED. MIXING AND GRINDING Business. We have several good mills offered fur sale In different sections of the province. No agent’s fee charged If you can. get into this rapidly growing business now. Box 73. 73 Adelaide St. VV
reasonahl i {ocks a alogue. . Immédiat
!• nce». nd H> brid#
XIfo day old chirks for
Twiddle

?
1
1
POULTRY GRIT
dcliv« r>
Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
The highest wind velocity ever recorded in the United States was one gust of 231 miles an hour in 1934 atop Mount Washington, New Hampshire.
4
POULTRY GRIT:	WHITE LIME-
stone In 100 lb. bags. Immediate delivery In carloads or smaller quantities, write for samples rind prices. STINSON KEEP SUPPLY Limited, 5585 Delorimier Ave.. Montreal.
SPHI 1ELCH.H WHITE LEGHORN IIIGI1 I'll 1 III LIT Y II \ Il V (HICKS
THIS STRAIN IS A PRACTICAL* proven <gg-producing type, with twenty-three years of steady production back of them. They will pay well for good keep and care. This i« certain, because they are doing this oil our own farm— one of Canada's largest egg-producing farms. You get exactly the same breed, strain and grade as we raise for oars elves. Poultry management handbook "High Pay Ability" sent FREE on re. quest. Get our price list. We advise early orders LEIGH FARM LIMITED, Box 3500. Brantford, Ontario.
I
Toronto


FOUI HALM
Co




W"

m
UAl MEEK A FiHf'l BAUM destroy» offensive odor Instantly. 46c bottle Ottawa agent. Denman Drug Store. Ottawa.

>


PATENT#
%
FOR
Cultural casualty of the fighting in Italy is the 1100-year-old St. Thomas Cathedral, shown here with its roof destroyed and its dome a shattered shell. The famous church is reported to have been blown mp by German units retreating during the bitter fighting with the Canadians In Ortona.
FETHKK6TUNHAUGU & COMPANY Paient Solicitors. Established 1890, M King West, Toronto. Booklet of Information on request
IIA IR III! E##l NG SCHOOL
LEARN H A I Rl fit KSHINU	I HE
Robertson method I n for mu lion on request regarding classes Robertson s Hflirdieeslng Academy. 1X7 Avenue Road 'loronto
PERSONAL
SBRUCE-
ELU Ali CUM 1 N G BEFORE Christ", wonderful book free. Megiddo Mission, Rochester 11,
YOU CAN T BEAT
BARK MUST BE WORSE THAN BITE
PHOTOGRAPHY
AN EGO A DAY WOULD BE WED come in every home in Britain. Right now they're probably lucky to get on egg a month. < Even If the war were to end tomorrow there will be a demand for eggs and other food products that we can’t hope to fill. We’re front line producers and as such we . have au obligation to our front line fighting allies. You can guaranti « production (and profits) next Full by ordering at once, all the Tweddle chicks you can core for. Don't order in someone may have tu go short. Also laying and ready to lay pullets for Immediate Free catalogue. Tweddl« Hatcheries Limited. Fe,
BUCKLEY’S MIXTURE
N
PROMPT MAIL SERVICE
y.-.-w


PI PPIEb
Send your /ilm rolls to Canada's largest photo finishing studio.


SET 1 iuiU>. W ELCH AN D
trUiii >U
smooth iviualu Terriers. Gulden Cocker Spaniels. Black Scotties, one trained Collie. Collies, Heelers 2 months 45.00. H. M. Miller, Athens. Ontario.

%
GET BETTER PICTURES AT LOWER PRICE
¦
:

I

BO S


i

Any Size Roll—6 or 8 Exposures
DEVELOPED AND PRINTED 25c

i
<H ILTlNtl PATCHES
Poekkes of Mecca relieve pein, brins out cores heels quickly, no seer. 25c, 35c, 50c, $100.
A customer at Berwick writes "1 want you to know how pleased 1 am with your wonderful work and prompt service.” We have such letter* from all over Canada.
N.ti

FROM FINE MEN'S SUITINGS OH
x
up, per pound. Also re Infor ladle*’ men’s, childrens clothes. LUlIS KICK, 361 Sp&dina Avenue, Toronto.
4
MECCA ' OINTMENT
overcoating Price from 25c Trial package $1.00 nants
livery. Chirk . Ont.
3

ENLARGEMENTS


TOO I,ATI
NEXT SPRING said "too late list and order your baby chirks now. One dollar.hooks your order Goddard Chick Hatchery, Britannia Height», Ont.
— TOO I. ' I'K
DON’T LE i IT BE Send for our prire

3 for 25c
4x6” in Easel Mounts
Sufferers of bleeding and P r o t r -uling piles should know Bunkers Herbal Pills treat the cause at Its source. Money back If the first bottle does not satisfy. Buy from your druggist.
PILES

HAW ruts WAMK1)

SPECIAL PRICES ON FRAMING ANU CULUiuNG
ONE SKIN OH THOUSANDS
will pay you to eb.p to Outuiio s raiicbui -owned Fur Co-operative receive the highest market price. Write lur «hipping tag# and advice form
Co-operative
Yorkville Street. Toronto
IT



Enlargements 4x6" cn ivory tinted mount» 7x9” in Gold. Silver, Circassian Walnut or Black Ebony finish framer* 59c each. If enlargement coloured, 79c each.
t
WE HAVE SOME CHOfCE WHITE Leghorn laying and ready to lay pullets ut reasonable prices. Also Barred Rock» and hybrids. Free catalogue, also day old chicks for immediate delivery. Twiddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus. Ontario.

Ontario Fur Farm-
Limited, 50
era
STAR SNAPSHOT SERVICE
RABBITS
Box 129, Postal Terminal A, Toronto

VAS»

REAL AX LiO i ..Wool' 5>clect bleeding stock. Descriptive folder free. Regal Itab-biliu.s Box T2 St. Vital. Mun.
FOR

Itl SISKS* OITOHH MT1KS
Print Your Name and Address Plainly on All Orders.
\ i
0.0.Ô

6-BOOM | HOUSE, building 5,000 feet floor space, on Railway siding. Toronto twenty miles. Ill health. R. H. Kane, Richmond Hill.
$7500 l-ACRF
MAIL YOUR FILMS

llilEl MAT1C I Al
» k
TO IMPERIAL FOR QUALITY, service and satisfaction. 6 or 8 exposure films 25c, reprints 8 for 25c. Imperial Photo Service. Station J Toronto.
HAVE X UU HEARD
DUT
Dixon's Neuritis and Rheumatic tin Remedy? it gives good i <•suits. Mui
¦:

DYRIÜIh * UI.RANINO
:
HAVE YOU ANYTHING NEEDS \dyelng or cleaning? Write to us for Information. We are glad to answer your questions. Department H. Parker's Dye Works, Limited. 791 Yonge Street. Toronto.

>

1
I
o
i
i
LEAP TOBACCO
i
STAMP* U VSTFU
FIVE POUNDS VIRGINIA AND
n
Burley Leaf for pipe $2.90. Five pounds Bright Virginia Leaf for Cigarette, $4.00. Postpaid with flavoring. Natural lx*af Tobacco Co., Leamington, Ont.	,

distress from MONTHLY
TRINIDAD STAMPS SPECIAL; ' $1.60 value for 30b to approval customers. Stamps bought. Colonial, Box 654, Place d Arnica, ^Montreal.
>
FEMALE
WEAKNESS

ELECTRICAL EQUIPMENT
oEJ
&>>****
ELECTRIC MOTORS, NEW. USED, bought, sold, rebuilt; belts, pulleys, brushes. Allen Electric Company Ltd., 2326 Dufferln 8L, Toronto.
v
6 YA ,
MEDICAL
TAPEWORM
ARTHRITIS POSITIVELY REL1EV-ed with Breenatone Crystals. Full month's supply $1.00. Indian Remedies, Box 118. Vancouver.
3

STOMACH AND THREAD WORMS often are the cause of llt-healtn In hum «ns all ages. No one immune! Why not find out If this Is your trouble? Interesting pur-ticulais—Free! Write Mutveuey'e Remedies, Specialists Toronto t. Oul
Lydia E. Plnkbam's Vegetable Compound not only helps relieve monthly pain but also weak, nervous feelings-duo to monthly function* i disturbances. It helps build up resistance against distress of “difficult days." Made In Canada.
A fearsome pattern of smoke and flame belches from this large Sarnian railroad gun as it booms tha oncoming Russians. With ftxonscious humor, the German caution on this picture, received trough a neutral source, located the cannon in ,4an endangered
m zzxssssz s^sdÆd,i..rrBïÆ.
EDUCATIONAL
FASHION DESIGNING. A PRACtical and thorough course, easy to learn by correspondence. Toronto School of Design, llltJ Bay SL Toronto»
A TRIAL—EVERY SUFFERER OF Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Munro’s Drug Store, 336 Elgin.
Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
I
I
###PAGE###8###
f
Wanted
All kinds of
8AWLOGS

Highest Market Prices Paid
Cash on delivery
:
| The Hodgins Lumber Go-
ZLcbucdy Haiei Will J\!ot!
^WvWNWW

Bristol United Church Circuit Hold Annual Meetings
Congregational Meeting of Zion United Church
St Andrews
Zion United Church held its nn-mini congregational meeting on
The annual meeting of St. Andrew’s Fiiday night with n good attend- United Church, Bristol, was held on a nee and report* ot a prospering Wednesday, January I2ib, with a good
year were given.
Rev. A. F. Fokes was in the chair and reported a membership of Id on the roll, The tieasurer, Mr. II H. Sturgeon, reported total ie ceints from all houices of $hl(MK) and all organizations showed a cash balance on the year's activities.	*
Report of the Woman’s Associa lion was given by Mis. II. H. Sturgeon ; of the Sunday School l»v Miss Lima Rirber ; of the V.l* l bv Finerv Elliott, and cf the War
attendance.
Worship was conducted by the supply minister, Mr. Leslie Dean, alter which Rev. A. F. Fukes, interim moderator of the charge, took his pi ice a, chairman.
The Church report showed seven new members added to the membership roll, and four members removed by death during the year.
The treasurer's report showed all obligations iret in full and a substantial bai tnve <m band. The reports of the various church uiganizitions told of a Service Vint by Mrs. Otis Draper year of activity and in each case a bal-Votes of thanks were extended to the pa-tor and all the ofti er*
The election of oHivers tor 1UI4 resulted as follows Session
HATEVER else may tend to prevent new industries from locating in the Province of Quebec, it certainly cannot be electricity rates.
Let us look into the matter and see the truth of this.
Analysis of the manufacturing costs of the 40 leading industries taken from Dominion Bureau of Statistics records disclose this fact:—
Electricity amounts on the average, to only 1.26%
of manufacturing costs.
In other words, even if electricity were free it would make only 1.26% savings in the cost of manufactured articles— or about 1% cents per dollar less.
This would not be sufficient to keep any new industry from our Province if all other conditions were equal. There must be some other cause!
unce was i t p nted.
During the course of the meeting vote of thank* was t ndered to Rev. A. F. Fokes for h;s oversight of the charge during the >ear and fm his '\ep interest in the welfare i f the Church.
A vote of dunk* was tendered to the i >upp y minister, Mr. Leslie Dean, for his work during the year and the desire expressed that present arrangement continue f*»r another year.
\ otes uf thanks were also extended to the church treasurer, Jas. \V. Vampliell ; organists, Mrs. Ruby Armstsong and Mrs. S. S. McNeill, and t
a
Mervy» Thompson, George W arreu, John A. Sturgeon and Wesley Hines.
Stewards—H. il Sturgeon. Graham Thompson. Hitrv NVilson, Harold Elliott and Gus Draper.
Managers—George Warren. Clifford Walsh and James Bai ber.
Treasurer. Il H. Sturgeon.
Sunday School Superintendent. J Wesley Hines.
Vshers—Emery Elliott, Kenneth Wilson and Ernest Sturgeon
The Equity
for publishing church notices ami meet-
-1
mgs
Refreshments were served at the close uf the meeting and a social hour enjoyed
Austin
t
Fear of confiscation introduces an element of doubt that will definitely keep new industries from locating their factories in the Province of Quebec.
We suggest, thoughtfully, that high provincial taxes also may have something to do with it.
Confiscation will be just one more unsurmountable obstacle. Just think it over.
Wright Brothers’ Old Idea Finds New Favor Today
The annual meeting oi Austin United Wartime demand for high speed. I Church was held on Tuesday, Jan. mb, high altitude, highly maneuverable in the Church with the supply minister, airplanes has turned the minds of Mr. Leslie Dran, acting as chairman, aviation designers back to an idea Worship was observed after which the the Wright brothers put into prac- meeting opened for business, lice in their pioneering days—the.	The report of the Church tieasurer,
use of propellers rotating in oppo- Mr. Roy Dagg, was presented and show-site directions.	I ed receipts somewhat down from last
The modern dual rotation propel-j year, but all obligations were met and a 1er, or controprop. is mounted on a good balance on hand, single engine hub, one prop behind The highlight of the reporrs was the the other. The Wright brothers, one from the Women’s Association, fearing that the torque (twist) re- which, under the leadership of Mrs. action of the single propeller might Crawford Carson, enjoyed a particular-throw their primitive plane out of ly fine year.
control, used two props of opposite The Sunday School reported a good pitch mounted on each side of the year under the leadership of Mr. Roy engine and driven in opposite direc- Dagg.
tions by chain drives from the en- During the course of the meeting ap-gine crankshaft.	prcciation was expressed to Mr. Dean
The more powerful engines of to for his work during the year and a gift day, developing as much as 2.000 of ten dollars was approved, horsepower, have made torque dim- Mr. Dean replied, thanking the mation imperative. - Torque tends people at Austin for their loyalty and to make an airplane roll in the oppo- j support.
site direction from the rotation of The meeting closed with the bene-the propeller, and gyroscopic reac-1 diction, tion additionally has a tendency to force the plane in a direction at right angles to its normal course.
7


w*
Or»'»' tot®
•*-
Onl-
etoec?
Qv>
\ x i O

\
\

!
4

I
*
Published in the interests of over 1,000,000 usirs and the 30,000 shareholders of
a •
a
MONTREAL LIGHT H L A T & L OWL R

Knox
The annual meeting of Knox United Church was held on Wednesday, Jan. 5th, at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Garth Graham, with the supply minister, Mr. Leslie Dean, acting as chairman. Worship was conducted by the chairman after which the meeting opened for business.
The church treasurer's report given and showed a good balance hand after all obligations were met. The reports of the various organizations were presented and showed a very good year.
Mr. W, Marks spoke words of appreciation for the work of the minister and moved that a gift to ten dollars be sented to Mr. Dean.
This was approved by the meetiflg and Mr. Dean replied, expressing his thanks and appreciation for the co-operation and help lie had received from the Knox congregation during the past two years
At the close of the meeting refreshments were served and a social hour enjoyed.
f

Consolidated
Dual rotation propellers eliminate both difficulties and much of the strain on both the plane and the pilot, who now has to compensate for the deviations by skillful guiding of the plane.
was
Argentine Oil Output
Grows; Aids Industries
Argentina's growing oil production now provides a bulwark of economic strength, helping to sustain its industries and transportation system in the face of wartime difficulties of importing fuel from jverseas sources.
The nation is now flLing almost half of its present petroleum requirements frorrvits own wells. The value of this oil to Argentine industry has increased because of the shrinkage in imports of coal.
Like other countries of South America, Argentina has been dependent on outside sources for coal and some of its oil. Unlike Brazil, however, Argentina has an oil production that has been increasing steadily for more than 20 yéâï».
Argentina, second in area and population and first in per capita wealth among the 10 South American republics, stands ninth among the oil-producing nations of the world. The countries exceeding Argentina in the order of volume of production are the United States, Venezuela, the
Cotton and Alcohol Form
Only one airline passenger in 1,0C0 I A new plastic made from cottc suffers from air-sickness, which playing a vital part in production thus virtually has disappeared from of American bombers and fight in ; the airways as a source of discom- planes, Robert J. Mctzler. technical tort in flying, it is disclosed by Unit- engineer, announced, ed Air lines.	Ethyl cellulose, made by chemists
A five-year survey of discomfort	from	cotton and	alcohol, can	will -
causes among passengers carried	stanc*	the	lowest	freezing tempera-
by United, revealed that the air- ture °f ai>y know plastic, or it sickness rate steadily has been re- can be formulated to bear up under duced from 3.3 per 1,000 passen- temperature as high as 175 degrees gers in 1938 to one per 1,000 in 1942. Fahrenheit, he stated.
It was disclosed that other causes In subzero stratosphere cold, ethyl of discomfort also have been de- cellulose plastic is used to insulate creasing to the point where less than w*res of airplane engines, because five in 1,000 passengers give evi-	*he cotton	plastic	wiring won’t	snap
dence of any discomfort whatever. |	unjjer	the	frigid conditions.
Ethyl cellulose is also used to make aluminum parts for airplane*. A hot-melt solution poured into molds makes the forms on which the various aluminum parts stamped.
Metzler revealed that
Causes for Discomfort
In Air Travel Decline
on
Grecian Sights
Peacetime visitors to Syracuse in Sicily confined nearly all their sightseeing to objects dating from 500300 B. Cj Greek known),
(most important and complete Greek fortification extant) and the several quarries whose products built the ancient city.
Aeschylus, Pindar, Theocritus and possibly Plato lived in Syracuse for varying periods, but Archfmedcs, inventor and mathematician, was the city’s foremost citizen. He lent a good deal of color to the city by such acts as running unclothed through the streets "houting “Eureka” after discovering the principle of water displacement while taking a bath.
Archimedes told his king that he could move the earth, if he had a place to stand and a lever long enough. He helped put off Roman conquest of Syracuse by setting fire to invading ships by means of huge magnifying glasses set up on shore. When the city was finally taken, Archimedes was stabbed to death by a Roman soldier while deeply absorbed in a mathematical problem.
* Cuttings Often Root
Cuttings of green growing branches frequently root within a few hours. Wood of the size of a pencil usually is about right, although larger and smaller pieces are used. Removing all leaves close tc, the stem except two at the top helps the cutting to get started, and placing three-fourths or more of it under ground helps, form a root system.
i
. : the Doric Temple, the theater (third largest the Castle of Euryalus
pre
Light summer pruning of shrubs tends to check growth of twigs and leaves, and aids the plant to form a crop of fruit and (lowers for next spring
moval of dead or diseased limbs anti the cutting back—not too heavily —of branches which are obstructing other plants, or getting in the wav uf pathways or windows.
^ « .
Pruning should include re
Cemetery Donations
Only one person in 1.000 suffers from the effects of altitude and ha» to take oxygen, which is provided on all planes; only one in 1,800 has ear trouble; only one in 2,500 suffers from nervous unrest; and only one in 1,000 indicates other miscellaneous discomforts.
Dr, D. J. Campbell, treasurer of the X iliage Cemetery Fund, acknowledges with thanks, the following donations
Wm H, Howard...............
Mrs. J, D. Hodgins ........
Miss Sara J. Wilaon .......
J amea E. Foran, Philadelphia
Pruning below ground—if rot done too heavily — as well as above ground, also encourages formatior of flowers and fruit. Miss Hatfielc This operation, called roo*.
are
$2 00
2 00
nation’s largest producers of purified cotton linters from which cellulose plastics are made has expanded its ethyl cellulose output for war needs. The new, soft ethyl cellulose plastics used to resist freezing cold, were developed last year as placement for rubber in some
one
says
pruning, is performed by sinking i
sharp spade into the ground and cut
— • * tt »	. « M .. . . ting a portion of the root. This may
Soviet Union, Iran, the Netherlands , dene up to July 15. It may be
East Indies (prior to Japanese in- tried on healthy fruit trees and
* f\y„a?ion; Rumania, Mexico and , ghrubs which do not bloom as freely .	|5 00 Colombia
2 00
3 00
United’s survey of 2,248,998 sengers carried in the years 1938 through 1942 is declared the most extensive of its kind made by any airline on the subject of passenger discomfort.
pas-
Mr, John R. McDowell, treasurer of Maple Grove Cemetery, acknowledges with thanks, the following donations :
Mrs. J. A. Armstrong
as they should.
uses.
I
