###PAGE###1###

,$1.50 per annum In Advrne #	2.GO to
•nii. i94i
THURSDAY, MARCH
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:
A. I U .IU
1 S
No. 40, 58th Year
V GOWLING ! BUSINESS
Turn in Your Old Markers '
The Quebec Government i equeyt« i	Hayeh —M AVAitv
that all cur, or trunk owners tuin Mr .ami Mrs. \V. J. Hayes an
in their old markers to the \weiw noimce the engagement ot their issuer. They will then 1 *	. Haughtei, Marjor.e Louise, to Al
over to the Red Gross lot wat bert Lionel Elmer, son of Mr. and purposes.	Mrs. J. L. Manaiy, Quyon, Que.
----**" 7	.	Mat riage to take place the latte*
Shawville Curlers	| part of April.
Defeated at Ottawa
The Shaw ville egg p->o m n ready to receive egg-1.
ENGAGEMENT
i
i
PRATTS
ÛRLA \ OVNCfi Via nager
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year
Next Red Cross Shipment, April 5th
Animal and Poultry Regulator Heave, Cough and Cold Remedy Hog Worm Powder and Tonic Cow Tonic and Worm Powder Powdered Lice Killer and Roost Paint
The next shipment of article-from Shaw ville Branch of tlv Canadian Red Gros* Society, to __	headquarters in Hull wi)I he mad'
..	PERSONAL MENTION	,,n Saturday, April 5th. I nit-
Two rinks of Shawville Curling	_	having finished work on hand ar<-
Club were in Ottawa on 1 hnrsday	. requested to send it in to the loca
of last week as guests of the Miss Isobel Sly spent the week oftice before that date Ottawa Curling Chib fer trieïidly end in Ottawa with friends.
Miss Maye Cnthbertson spent the week end with Ottawa friends.
Mr. Arthur TnrriefF, of Ottawa, I jhe situation with respect to the r it uina , spent the week-end with his wife marketing of Canadian agricnl V v vMinJpll and family in town.	• tural products in Great Britain
iEtomas
G. T. Paul,	Mrs. Win. Orr, of Smiie Like, | moditie« .her war policy rates im
Skip— 8. Sask., was a recent guest of Mrs ported foodstuffs definitely as snp — Thos. Shore.	plements to complete the supplies
The drive te toMWfc Heeie.ld Woodrow. K.C.A Ç,	PkTl-"(S-' «redo.,. .1IMeOU,
Canada It is felt by the com- sisters in Montreal.	-?--
stjstst£ ÆA.% r: “S «-*	w-
village. The United war service Lpent the weekend with his wife Services Fend $1,175,400 fund is to supply the money to and family in town.
ISiSSh|°0NALL:”iERR,eR
It is hoped that every home will	9. A Dagg and daughter, of the Nazi hordes. It is particu
give the canvassers a kindly re- Miss Ilda. of Eyre, Sask., and Miss lari y opportune therefore that the ception and do their best to sup- c Atkinson, ef Toronto., were Canadian War Services Fund port the drive the young people week-end guests of Mr. and Mrs should appeal to the people at are carrying on.	R. L. Eudes, at Bryson.	home for $5.500,000 (Sl.Lo.400 in
J	1	Mgjti* 1 Quebec) with which to provide the
. /x	Imi r-Lx C L	services which so Vitally affect the
Arthur Kilgour’i Horse Found it Quyon No risk lor fisherman	maintenance of morale among our
Kenneth Coughliojurrested	The Northland provinces of Nor- “^‘r^.untry-cau train them to
îES^XM'SSrïSSr-1- "	(Xv«te™ pral'uw'ei only.) b'
Bri,.ol Bn,y BeejMtnte	l^^ness is one of the met im-
SMI
some of the Institutes in England. renex%ed to prevent future break- standing business men, Mr. J. l
Treasurer and several Conveners, blood pressure and fast pulse other words, it will be our due. t
ÆttJüssr ssL-rsu'mUS a zrssaj? irwü
Plaident. Mrs. E Findlay, re itably used for surgical patients have just as many while serving
elected: 1st vice president, Mrs. Loth before and after the operation, their country, as they did in peace Roland Knssell: 2nd vice president, and for all patients who are con- time.
Mrs. Jas. Russell ; secretary, Mrs. | finecj to their beds for a long time.	\\ e. as
treasurer, Mrs
#. E. COWLING, Fresiden
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
games and a luncheon. Rinks and.scores were
Farm Products Export
Shawvillk
Ottawa
JAMES A. MILLAR
S.A.. L. L L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, C# irpfcell’s my every Wednesday
vv\
A SAW

Dr. J. Sutherland J. J. Doucet H. Kilborn B. K. King
Fop Chicks
Skip—13
G.	Dingle N, Hudgins
H.	H. Ward D. McCann,
Skip-13
morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every
Baby Chick Tablets and Water Fountains Feeding Troughs and Grit Hoppers
Wednetd
Noon
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
i Estate C. J. Caldwell -
I
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate Barrister,; Solicitor.etc.
Office : Uatnpbell’flBay, Que (In Lawn Block)
I
SPECIAL
EASTER SHOWING
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request^
Matters dealt with byîcorrespomlence
R. MILLER WALLACE4
' ADVOCAT .. BARRISTER 196 MAIN STREET PHONE, -2219
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot Hotel, Camp be Bay every Tuesday jat Noon.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday Evening.
Ladies
Dresses, Coats, Hats
- and Accessories -
THREE SPECIAL DAYS April 3rd, 4th, 5th
,
SO
D. J. CAMBPELL
J
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Phone 81
Er. P. E.'PAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE. PLATEAU 63 8 8
0%. WALLACE J. W. HOGGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
A special display of Ladies’ Coats, Dresses, Hats and Accessories in the latest styles and fashions—Easter Style Show.
BELAIR 3 267
Last year’s show was a great success. We hope to make this year’s show, on Thursday. Friday and Saturday, April 3rd, 4th and 5th, much better.
H K. NEILSON, M.D.
Eve Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
ONT.
OTTAWA,
PHONE, 2-7961 [
#
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA, ONTARIO

V
All
;
Medium
Priced
Merchandise
Shown

SCIENTIFIC ETE EXAMINATIONS
r

Canadians, should give Sp90ja|j8t on all visual and muscular eye defect
Russell ; Home Economic», Mrs time in eight months. he may erly, we gave to the six.
ntBU «csa sa
lowed.	currenee
*
Claude Young Geo. Drummond
Reg. Optometrist
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE

#
II
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
THE W. A. HODCINS STORE
Quebec

Shawville
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
###PAGE###2###
battalion cooks used to Starry k into battle. The English took it shortly afterwards, and It Was n,ot until the eighteenth; century that it came to be considered peculiarly a Scottish dish.
but, from the description of the, dish, it was haggis just the same.
Henry IV introduced the dish into the French court under the “hachis.” It became popular the French troops, whose
Ontario Artists’
1941 Exhibition
British Take Norwegian Prisoners After Daring Raid
SUNDAY SCHOOL LESSON
name among
O.8.A. 69th Annual Show Is On View at Art Gallery of Toronto During Month of March
By William Ferguson
THIS CURIOUS WORLD
LESSON XII
JESUS CONDEMNED AND CRUCIFIED Luke 22 : 36—23 : 66. PRNTED TEXT, Luke 23 : 13-26.
3244#.
Th g sixty-ninth annual exhibition of the Ontario Society of Artists la on view during the month of March at the Art Gallery of Toronto. Pictures hung in the 1941 ehow have been done by professional painters, by business men whose spare-time hobby is painting, by art students who making their first bow to the I "public. These exhibitions aro never confined to society members; in I fact usually the number of non I members exceeds members in the I exhibition. This healthy encourage-I ment of the amateur in art is a I valuable contribution to the artistic life of Canada and k the policy I of the 0. 8. A. now as it was sixty* I nine years ago. 80 in this lively ehow are included pictures by newspapermen, by graduate students of the Ontario College of Art, by a well-known Tovouto judge, and by contributors from Vancouver to Montreal. War-time has not brought a slackening of interest, Mr. Carmichael says, but practically the same number ot entries were considered this year usual. Some artists show destroyers convoying, route marches, and pictures of industrial life; there is a decided tendency to deal with the local scene as well as the usual high uuality of landscapes and portraiture.
PICTURES UPSTAIRS. TOO Upstairs in the Gallery this month are showing paintings by Frank Hennessey of Ottawa. Franklin Arbuckle, Leonard Brooks and Manly MacDonald of Toronto. On Saturday afternoons there will be talks on the pictures, with the artists present on these occasions.
Wii
rrr^gr: gs-x:
GOLDEN TEXT—What than •hall I do unto Jesus who Is oalled Christ? Matt. 27 : 22.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time—The prayer in the garden, the betrayal by Judas, and the de niais of Peter, all took place on Thursday evening, April 6, À.D. 30; all the remaining events in the lesson occurred on the day following, Friday, April 7th.
Place.—The garden in which He was betrayed by Judas was at the foot of the Mount of Olives, opposite to and East of the City of Jerusalem. The trial before the Sanhedrin, no doubt, too'- place in the Palace of Caiaphas. The place where the trials of our Lord before Pilate and Herod took place la difficult to determine. All of them may have occurred in the Palace of Herod the Great, then occupied by Pilate, or in the Fortress Antonia, or in a palace near it The palace at Jerusalem was situated on the North side of Mount Zion. The tflace of the Crucifixion of our Lord has never been exactly identified. We do not believe that It was on the spot where the Church of the Holy Sepulchre now stands. At least, it was outside of the city wall, and probably North of the city wall. We always speak of Calvary as a hill, but of this there is no evidence in the Scriptures, though it may have been a
PAttGNT
are
. 1 CORMORANTS
OPEN THEIR.

BILLS WIDE

apart, and
THE VOUNS REACH DOWN THEIR.
THROATS
I
9

/À
COWL 1*M BV MCA BMVICt WC
r*
MOST
METEORITES
j
i
IRON.


#
A giim version of Blind Man’s Buff is reluctantly played by some of the 226 German and Quislingist Norwegian prisoners, above, taken in the surprise British raid on the Lofoten Islands, off the coast of northern Norway. To prevent their seeing anything of military importance, captured fnen were led blindfolded aboard British ships, which made
off safely.
*•29


2%'
HAT IS ova F THESE SPOTTED CUBES CALLED p
S
Ances spoken by our Lord while on the cross, recorded in the four Gospels. This one le the perfect fulfillment of Christ’s cvm command that we should love our enemies, and pray for those who despitefully use us.
Isle of Cats
hill.

ANSWER. A die.	.
One of the best tests of determining a meteoric stone is by itsj weight Since it is made Op largely of iron, its heft is vastly greater than that of a terrestrial rock, and easily noticed.
NEXT: How was the planet Neptune discovered
The charges against Jesus varied from hour to hour. The Jews began by saying that Christ claimed to be a king. Then they declared Jesus had stirred up the people, even as far as Galilee. (Jesus was already condemned to death by the Sanhedrin, but It was necessary to have him condemned also by the Roman procurator, in order that the sentence might be executed, and without delay, by him who had the power of death).
One of the queerest and most desolate spots in the world is Frigate, a low corral island 300 miles north-east of Mauritius, in the Indian Ocean. It is inhabited solely by cats, the descendants of two shipwrecked there some eighty years ago. They are large and fierce, and exist mainly oh
fish, which they catch in the most ingenious manner. They form a circle on a dry reef reaching to the water’s edge, and at low tide close in, driving the fish into shallow pools and channels. Then they pick them out and tear them with razorlike claws.
weather there is no danger of their starving, for a single drive may yield a ton of fish. During violent hurricanes, when fishing is impossible, the cats fall upon each other, but in spite of their ferocity, they seldom attack shipwrecked seamen.
Gardening...
ARTICLE NO. 3
It is not the amount of labor spent that is the key to good gardening but rather the timing o* the necessary work, nothing to be _ stance, and much may be lost, in working soil too early. It is far better to have the garden dug and at the right time than
1
Man Has 2 Hearts; Dies As One Fails
CABINET OFFICIAL
There is gained, for in-
19	Luster.
20	She is especially interested in 	 reforms.
22 Soup dish. ,
EjÂ] IVICTQP |	23 Long step.
tiR^EjE 5| MFpDp&T slElRffi j 25 Poisonous TENDE RinLKDLN Ip r f MO ptomaine. *
0,AprMR Âl	eMeJAAU 27 New York
R|cI1o1s|tMp||d]r]yKT§1 (abbr.).
L_ 28 Southeast. * JA| 29 To barter, a Cl Skin
infection.
24 To* suffer remorse.
36	Idant.
37	Characteristic. 39 Street.
42	To soak flax.
43	To piece out.
46	Step of a scries.
47	Amber-colored resin.
48	Back of foot.
49	Singer’s volet
51	To gossip.
52	To suffice.
53	Professional
„ _ .	..	. athlete.
S. A. cabinet. 55 Musical note.
17 Disturbances 56 Chaos.
57 Palm %.
Answer to Previous Puzzle
An autopsy of the body of John S. Frick, 78, who died in Medford, Ore., last week, revealed the man had two normal hearts, one atjve the other, county physician Dr. A. E. Merkel reported.
Dr. Merkel said the two hearts were joined by the large aorta artery, and both had functioned. The ventricle of the lower heart had ruptured, causing death.
Officers of the Jackson County Medical Society said they knew of no other case of a man possessing two hearts.
horizontal
1,7 Pictured U. S. A. cabinet official.
12	Fury.
13	Egret.
15	One in cards.
16	Scottish court official.
18 Lowbred
Second Time Before Pilate
Mark 23 : 13. “And Pilate called together the ch1- priests and the rulers and the people, 14. and said unto them, Ye brought unto me this man, as one that perverteth the people: and behold, I, having examined him before you, found no fault in this man touching those things whereof ye accuse him: 35. no, nor yet Herod: for he sent him back to us; and behold, nothing worthy of death hath been done by him. 16. I will therefore chastise. him, and release him.” Certainly Pilate was convinced of Jesus* innocence. If Pilate had not such a coward, so .afraid of his position, afraid of Caesar, and afraid of the mob, Jesus would not . have been condemned, at least by him.
once
tL rush in and waste days messing around in the mud.
Hints
Nursery stock is the general
to hardy perennial
RIEmP
E
In fine
name given shrubs, flowers, vines, trees and roses that are grown for one to three years from seed in a nurs-before being sold to gardeners and fruit glowers.
Like seed, it is important to secure such stock from a reputable source and one that is familiar and caters to Canadian conditions. Good stock is pliable, and shows plenty of live Roots are moist and well
person.
19 Squints.
21 Entrance.
23	The crappie (fish).
24	Mountain (abbr.).
26 Young person. 48 Pronoun.
49 Preposition of place.
30 Feather scarf 50 Ascot.
32	An essay,
33	Sooner than. 53 Postscript.
34	Portuguese money.
35	An indirect
JH.ElNME R 0|D EJPRIUJI Pi E ; rWoÎL oToTr ITS II S | Ë I Rr ÛS HPlCCm PuSIe R
ery
46 A soft-soled shoe.
4	Poverty-stricken.
5	Sound of • inquiry
6	Dry.
7	Seed bag.
8	Printer’s measure.
9	Small deer.
10	Frosted.
11	Modern 14 Tolled.
• ?
29 South Carolina.
RADIO REPORTER
green nuds
wrapped to exclude the air.
Nursery stock should be planted as soon as the soil is fit to work and if purchased before this time, or if inconvenient to plant in permanent positions, roots should be temporarily covered with moist earth or plants should be stored in a cool, dark cellar and roots kept moist.
First Vegetables
Among the earliest vegetables to be sown in Canadian gardens will be peas, leaf lettuce, radish and spinach. These may be planted as soon as the ground is fit to work. All of the seeds should be sown at least three times, at intervals of ten days, so that there will be a succession of vegetables. The second sowing will be carrots, beets, onions, potatoes, etc., which can stand a little frost, and then beans, corn and tomatoes, cabbage-and cauliflower plants, melons, cucumbers, etc., which are tender.
b
51 Pleased
By DAVE ROBBINS
54 Exaltation.
57	Three.
58	Her title, Secretary of
nights at 8.30 (standard) is a velvety bit of the old South and has a dignity and smoothness that lifts ,tbe show above the run of the mill.
Tune in sometime and hear Whitey Ford and all the plantation folks?
FOR GARDENERS
This week we have good news from everyone who plants seeds in the soil—Dick, the Amateur Gardener, it back on the air from CKOC on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 5.30 p.m. (daylight). Dick is following the same theme with tips on planting, and advice on how • to get tbn most for what you plant.
Dick Gunnell was the chap who ' put over Hamilton's Community gardens project in a big way dur ing the depression years —and he knows what he is talking about in
“Crucify Him, Crucify Him!"
18. “But they cried out all together saying, Away with this man, and release unto us Barabbas: 19. one who for a certain insurrection made in the city, and for murder, was cast into prison. 20. And Pilate spake unto them again, desiring to Release Jesus. But they shouted,
Urucify, crucify him. 55. And lie said unto them the third time,
Why, what evil hath this man 1 have	of
death in him: 1 will therefore J the seed, shrub, plant and vege-•bastise him and release him. 23.
' 8 * they were urgent with loud voices, asking that he might be crucified. And their voices pro. vailed." Three times Pilate expostulate with the Jews, attempting to appease them by declaring the innocence of Jesus. It being * utterly impossible .0 satisfy this mob. one of two things had to
either Pilate must
tax.
38 Buildings forming a square.
40	Skin.
41	Was mistaken.
44	To relate.
45	Compass point.
59 A labor '
• organization.
VERTICAL
2	Long inlet
3	Eucharist chest.
16 She is the first woman ---------of the U
On Saturday, March 22, at 2.15 p.m., the CBC will present a program of special interest to those with relatives or friends serving overseas. This will bring greetings from the members of a Canadian Cnit, and from patiente and the staff in one of the military hospitals.
of peace.
i
9
5
7
8
I 2
3	4
10
II
<o
12
15
M
13
r
18
17
I
16
table line.
So whether you farm, raise a truck garden or just putter with a few flower beds, you will fiud it worth while to *une in Dick, when he takes the air at 1120 on your

2
23
21
The Uncle Ezra character, the NBC red network favorite, owes its creation to the fact that Pat Barrett was “grandpa’s boy," and spent long afternoons with his grandparents on the Post Office steps of Holden, Missouri. Much of the homely philosophy used by Uncle Ezra from the “Rosedale Station," are thoughts left in the lad’s mind years ago by grand-pappy.
28
26
27
29
32
30
31
34
33
dial.
#
37
39
»
38
36
AROUND THE DIAL
One of the best shows on the air Monday nights is heard In this part of Ontario from CFRB, when the Radio Theatre is presented.
Stars of the stage and screen are heard In scenes from the hits of the day—making altogether one of the most enjoyable 60 minutes dra matlc interludes offered radio listeners at any time.
Greeks Made Haggis
42
43
44
0
41
lake	ce :|||||||| | ||||||| |||||||||||||||	||| ||| l
stand his ground as an officer of Some, and set Jesus free, no mailer what happened, or he must betray bis office, and give Jesus over to the mob. He did the latter. It was the voice of Justice that should have prevailed, but Pilate softened by an undisciplined life appeared to be incapable of rising wp in a noble way to defend an innocent man agaiusr a bowling
on
45
47
Scotsmen, who.se most festive dish is the haggis, may, or may not, like to be reminded that it is of Greek origin. Though Burns wrote of it as the “great chieftain o* the puddin* race," Aristophanes forestalled him in 423 B.C., with an allusion to the same dish in “The Clouds." The Greeks called it “koila m* bateia,”
50

Fred Allen, Rajah of Repartee, lost non^ of his scintillating wit in switching networks. His Wednesday night show heard at 10.00 o’clock daylight ti.no, is still one of the best comic shows on the airlanee.
z#s ;	**,'
5*
5?
53
\ /
ffm
56
57
54
55
/
IE
58
Plantation Party, NBC show fea tured by WREN on Wednesday
mob. 24. "And Pilate gave sentence that what they asked for should be done. 25. And he released him that for Insurrection and murder bad been cast into prison, whom they asked for; but Jesus be delivered up to their will." Pilate's Judgment was for time. The com tog judgment of Christ * ill be for Jlernfty.
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—The Natives Struggled
•
D'D YOU WAVE-AMY DICPICULTV WITH YOUR
CRE-NCW
BUT TW£ PRENCM PEOPLE D’D
I
MO !
’I
I
I
9
u
M

The Crucifixion

?$. “And when they came unto lb# place which Is called The skull, Cue re they crucified him, and the malefactors, on# on the light hand en the* other on the left." (Notice bow extremely brief the record of the erne* fix ion Itself is). 34a “And Jesus said, Fiber forgive them: tor they know not whit they do." There are seven different utter*
y
WM
if'
I
ê
ii
7 m
6-3
i


%


¦


• II
y
BBHQa
E EjlBS
q bbï
B SB G2HEHBB
22 0 0S3Eu. 533533 0QE Si. E453 SHE 53 0EE3u BHtlBB ?H0HHS
###PAGE###3###


German Sea Menace Extends South
No New Roads Of Cheap Kind

Modern
Etiquette

ft

Existing or Possible Germon Sub Atteck Loues
British Convey Routes
a
w

Ontario's Minister of Highways McQuesten Reveals Policy to Safety League— Traffic Accident Toll Is Greater Than War In Libya
North Sea

SOVIET
RUSSIA
BY ROBERTA LEE
Wl™ OlXlg
1GREAT
BRITAIN
EIRE
J. When one finds himself in
“white
Germon planes, subs based on Norwegian, French coasts, Inton-tlfy raids On shipping
German sabs, brought by roil, reported ready to strike in Mediterranean from Rumanian, Bulgarian bases
a predicament, where « lie” will extricate him, isn’t the lie justified?
2. Is it necessary to repeat a newcomer’s name to every per-when introducing him to a
Hon. T. R. McQuesten, Ontario’s highway minister, in a brief address at the annual “safe drivers” banquet of the Ontario Safety League, said “we are not going to build any more low standard roads, even if we build no road at all.” Sufficient hazards existed, he said, without poor roads.
Louis B. Duff of Welland, Out said the tale of the highways is one of the “very darkest in the history of the province.” He compared the number killed on the highways of Ontario last year with the British losses in the conquest of Libya. Highway deaths last year were 725 and the Brlttsfi conquest cost 525 men.
WASTE OF HUMAN LIVES
A. O. Partridge, president of the league, paid a tribute to the commercial car “safe drivers.” They had driven 162,735,000 accident-free miles. He said gross economic loss in Ontario traffic accidents reaches $20,000,000 to $25,000,000,000 yearly.
The war will tax human and material resources to the limit, Mr. Partridge said, and to survive all waste must be eliminated. “I think you will agree,” he said, “that traffic accidents constitute a form of economic waste that we might well do without.”
<
/ GERMANY
vOAir

son

group?
3.	Is it good form for the bride to go with the bridegroom when he buys the wedding ring?
4.	Isn’t it a father’s duty to reprimand his young eon for any
breah of courtesy?
5.	Isn’t it the proper thing for a hostess to insist upon paying for the long distance phone
calls of a guest?
f>. What should one say when telephoning and fails to understand some remark?

ITALY-1 A ho.
I
RUMANIA
X
FRANCE

L

M ' U-boats based
. j In Italy could
cover middle
0x1 Mediterreneon *	'	" -J
PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO
BULG.
• •
SPAIN
Turk sub note kero

GR6EC
Weather and Famine

erto
¦JL
How Con I?
Biblical and secular history are full of instances of famines, and these were no doubt caused by droughts. There are many records of crops suffering from insufficient rains and of the importable., of grain to the famine-stricken coutries. Not only Palestine but other countries of the Mediterranean Sea were and are subject to droughts. Italy less than Greece, however, but it also suffers from low water supply. In these countries it was necessary to send away for grain, generally to Egypt.
Mediterranean Sea

Hitler would like Crouch bates here for » to not, subs

Ü
British old route to Greece
BY ANNE ASHLEY
f
LIBYA
ALGERIA
0
3
Answers
1, No. It is better to tell the truth and face the consequences. The only justification for a “white lie” would be to protect
or give
happiness to the person who is
2. No, if we think that the persons towards the end of the group did not catch the it may be repeated, but usually once is sufficient. 3. Yes, the bride has the privilege of expressing her preference as to width and size and her choice of gold, white gold or platinum. 4. Yes, but not in a scolding manner. And above all, the father should set the example and not reprimand his son for what he fails to do himself. 5. No. The guest should pay this expense. 6. “I am sorry. I didn’t understand what you said.”
w«e J*
-WWW
Q. How can I prepare a simple furniture polish?
A. A furniture polish that can be used on the finest woods can be made of one part vinegar, with equal parts of linseed oil and turpentine.
Q. How can I prevent mustard piasters from blistering?
A. They will not blister, and the result will be better, if the paste is mixed with the white of, an egg, or with warm camphorated oil instead of hot water.
Q. How can I remove white spots on the dining-room table caused by heat?
A. Apply, in the order named, kerosene, alcohol, and linseed or sweet oil. A different elotfo should be used for each of theee applications. Rub in the linseed oil until the spot disappears.
Q. How can I make a whipped cream substitute?
A. Grate one apple, add two or three tablespoons of sugar and one egg white, then beat until light. This makes an excellent substitute < for whipped cream.
Q. How can I scale fish more easily?
A. Take five or six bottle caps, nail them on a convenient stick, allowing for a handle, and this will make an excellent implement for scaling the fish.
another from injury,
Menace of German submarines and planes to British shipping grows as Hitler's threatened “unprecedented sea warfare” hits in the Atlantic and other waters. U-boat attacks last week were expected to extend to the Mediterranean, where German bombers have already been raiding
British vessels.
burdened.
name,
Shade Trees Add Value to House
One of Nature's sources of supply of iodine is in the skins of certain fruits, including apples and plums.
»
; HAVE • YOU HEARD?
Builders of new homes will find it advisable to set aside a small sum of money for a sizable shade tree, land planting experte say.
What Science Is Doing
î
m
During a lull in the conversation at a dinner-party the hostess was unfortunate enough to emit a loud, rasping hiccup. A Frenchman, sitting by her, immediately apologitgd profusely, as if he had committed the faux pas. When the ladies had left the diningroom, an American asked the Frenchman why he had acted in this manner.
It was suggested that the home owner go to a reputable nurseryman and select a tree of a hardy, long-lived variety which will add permanent value to the property.
The owner should avoid one that will grow so rapidly as to be seriously injured by the first wind or ice storm, or one whose roots will come to the surface and injure lawns or will clog sewer lines.
Some hardy trees are naturally low-branched or cast dense shade and if used, should be placed where^ they will not interfere with lawns, driveways and walks.
Increased Value Tobacco Output
STAR’S ATMOSPHERES BOIL
The director of Mount Wilson Observatory, Pasadena, Calif., says he has found evidence that the atmospheres of the largest stars are boiling at a terrific pace. A temperature of 5,000 degrees Fahrenheit is (piite usual.
0ot
In Canada for 1930 the Industry Produced Goods Worth Six Per Cent More Than The Previous Year — Cigarettes Main Item
“As monsieur knows, we are a ctiivalrous people,” was the reply. “1 saw that madame was embarrassed, so I tried to throw the blame on myself.”
Presently the men Joined the
After a little
SOME GERMS DIE FASTER
Resistance of bacteria to agencies that would destroy them variée over a wide range; young bacteria are strdhfly resistant, and the older ones have reduced powers of survival by a 3-to-l ratio, the medical section of the American Association for the Advancement of Science is informed. Further differences are due to inheritance, some strains being particularly hard to kill. The combined differences due to age and inheritance give a ratio of 10 to 1 between the most and least resistant Individuals.
HOW TO RELIEVE PILE TORTURE QUICKLY & EASILY
According, to the latest Census of Industry statistics of ths tobacco industries in Canada for 1939, the output for the year, including excise duties, was valued at $90,690,214, which represents an increase of $6,501,944, or over six per cent above that of the previous year. Cigarettes formed the main item of production with an output of 7,163,433,000 valued at $57,277,062. Smoking tobacco was next in importance with an output of 24,709,819 pounds valued at $24,498,111. Cigars came next with a production of 135.826,000 valued at $5,411,054, followed by chewing tobacco. 2,577,890 pounds, valued st $2,184,537, and snuff, 836,955 pounds, valued at $1,149,262.
4 PLANTS MADE SNUFF The number of establishments reporting totalled 80, located by provinces as follows: Prince 'Edward Island. 2; Quebec, 61; Ontario, 20; Manitoba, 1, and British Columbia. 6. These plants represented a capital investment of $60,135,642 in fixed and current assets. They furnished employment to 8,158 persons who were paid $7,733,023 in salaries and wages. The plants also spent $23,001,316 for materials and containers, and produced goods with a net selling value at the factory of $47,054,707. Of the establishments reporting. 45 made cigars only; 17 made tobacco only; S made tobacco and cigarettes; 4 made tobacco and cigars;
1 made snuff only; I made tobacco and snuff; 2 made tobacco, cigars and cigarettes, and 1 made tobacco. cigars, and snuff.
ladies upstairs, while the American found himself in conversation " with him hostess in the middle of a group of guests.
Suddenly the alarming incident was repeated cuped again.
The American turned quickly to the assembled guests, and announced with an engaging smile, Folks, this one is on me!”
He's Off to See the Wizards . . .
^ BIG VM-Uf/
i MIHERAL f 'l
If you are troubled with Itching piles or Y-ectal soreness, do not delay treatment and run the risk of letting this condition become chronic. Any itching or soreness or painful passage of stool Is nature's warning that proper treatment should be secured at once.
the hostess hie-




I

A
• The higher auelity of Com Kme Mineral a mure# hat» live stock gains, healthier animals and mors profits. Yet
For this purpose get a package of Hem-Roid from your druggist and use as directed. This Hem-Roid formula which Is used Internally in the form of a small, easy to taka tablet, will quickly relieve the Itching and soreness and aid In healing the sore tender spots. Hem-Roid la pleasant to use. Is highly recommended and It seems the height of folly for any one to risk a painful and chronic pile condition when such a fine remedy may be had at eo reasonable a cost
i
u
s
* ft

4Sh
eredlent* increase i red me
1
“I'm sorry, madam,” said the attendant at the movie, “but you can’t take that dog into the theatre.”
“How absurd,” protested the woman. “What harm can pictures do a little dog like
thur’


xMBhih i
Slow Bunting
>.*
t

?
»
I
CIGARETTE PAPERS
I
If you try Hem-Roid and are not entirely pleased with the results, your druggist will gladly return your money.
NONE FI HEM MADE
f
¦
Pat had bought a watch guaranteed for twelve months. At the end of nine months, however, he reappeared at the shop and complained that the watch had stopped six months earlier when it had fallen into the pigs’ trough.
“But why didn’t you bring it back at once?” inquired the jeweller.	^
“How could I?” replied Pat. “We only killed the pig yesterday.”

...CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
e • •
ELECTRIC MOTORS FOR SALE
DEALERS WANTED
LEGAL
Foreign Minister Matsuoka of Japan, above, last week was travelling across vast Siberia toward a meeting with. Hitler —
that the
*
ELECTRIC MOTORS, NEW AND reconditioned. Jones & Moore Electric Company, 296 Adelaide St. West. Toronto.
SELL 200 ARTICLES FROM DOOR to door: toilet, medicine, essences. spices, farm products, cleaners, etc. Guaranteed quality, worldwide reputation. Every family a customer. Energetic workers assured of success. NO RISK. Catalogue, conditions, on request Familex Products, 570 St. Clement, Montreal.
. LINDSAY. LAW OFFICE, Itol Theatre Building, St Th
CAP. omas,
Ontario. Special Department for farmers collections.
J. N
and possibly Stalin axis is touting as world-shaking.
MEN WANTED
BABY CHICKS
LOCAL MAN — GOOD PAY WEEKly. Full or spare time. Book orders for Canada's finest tree* plants. Experience unnecessary. Sales outfit free. E. D. Smith's Nurseries, Winona. Ont_____________
QUALITY CHICKS. BARRED RUCK and white leghorn. Blood-tested by Government approved laboratory. Rigidly culled. Kelly Chick Hatcheries, Barrie.
Baffin Island Query Baffling
FARMS FOR SALE
“Gwen said if any man kissed her without warning •he would scream for her father.”
“What did you do?” '
“I warned her.”
"OXFORD*' CHICKS FROM ONtario Breeding Station Flocks, sixteenth year culled and blood-tested by the Poultry Department Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph. Barred Rock Cockerels 5c each, White Leghorn Cockerels 2c each. Write for Circular. The Oxford Farmers' CoOperative Produce Company, Limited. Woodstock, Ontario.
FARMS OF EVERY TYPE LN Bruce and Grey Counties from $1500 to $8000. Otto Johann, Owen Sound.
PHOTO FINISHING
Ottawa Chamber of Commerce gets some baffling queries, but this one has officials talking to themselves. A woman writing from Providence, R.I., wants to know “all about” Baffin Island —its climate, hotels and tourist traffic.
Baffin Island’s 207,000 square miles are located in Canada’s frozen north. Most of the inhabitants are Eskimos.
TRY IMPERIAL FOR FINE QUALity Photo Finishing. Any 6 or • Exposure film developed and printed, with enlargement, 26a Careful processing by experts who know how, assures satisfaction. Imperial Photo Service, Dept. A# Station J., Toronto.
Synthetic gasoline made from coal is said to be quite suitable for use in aeroplane engines. It takés seven tons of coal to produce one ton of petrol.
FARM FOR SALK
EXCELLENTLY SITUATED FIFTY highway acres, clay loam, small house, basement barn, electricity; town schools close. Wm. Pearce, Exeter.
An Albanian was imprisoned by the Italians. He annoyed his captors intensely beuuse lie kept saying:	“Anyway, the Greeks
gave you a bashing at Koritza.”
One day the officer in charge of the prison camp took him aside and said: “Look here, if you’ll shut your mouth I’ll make you an officer in the Italian army.”
“O.K.” said the Albanian.
Next day Mussolini visited them, shook hands with the Albanian, and remarked : “So you are now an officer in the great Italian army?”
‘That's right,” came the answer. “But, oh, boy, what a bashing those Greeks gave us at Koritza !”
RAISE GOOD CHICKS WITH JOHNson’s bred to lay barred Plymouth rocks and S.C.W. leghorns Barron Strain. 16 years breeding, culling
and
Leghorns as hatched 10 cents. Rock Pullets 17 cents, Leghorn Pullets 20 cents. Circular with other prices on request. J. D. Johnson, Fergus, Ont.
OFFER TO INVENTORS
FARM EQUIPMENT
AN O^ER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co., Registered, Patent Attorney* 273 Bank Street, Ottawa, Canada.
THROAT
SORE?
*	..4
FANNING MILL (Kline) BEST Seed Grader Wild Oat Separator. KUne Manufacturing. 420 Willard Avenue, Toronto.
r
hatching and blood testing, for March and April Rocks
>
i

I,
PERSONAL

FINANCIAL
for common ordinary sort throat
.,»»*£i
DUPREE PILLS $1.50
DOUBLE STRENGTH $3.00. Lad! quick, reliable relief for delayed, overdue, or painful periods. William Crosby, Dept. WL, 204 Ontario Building, Toronto. __
Aircraft of the Trans-Canada Air Lines flew more than 5.000,000 miles in 1940, and carried nearly 10,00.000 pounds of mail,
100.000	pounds of express, and
55.000	passengers.
MORTGAGES OR AGREEMENTS of sale purchased for cash, prompt attention. North Shore Realty Co„ Oshawa, Ontario.
GOITRE ~
FULL STEAM AHEAD WITH chick buying. No time to lose to catch high fall egg prices. Bray Leghorn and NH. x LS. pullets; heavy breed cockerels and capons. Immediate delivery. Started chicks. Order chicks hundreds Bray customers choose year after year. Bray Hatchery. 130 John, Hamilton.
OH
HAVE YOU GOITRE? ‘ ABSORBO" reduces. For particulars write J. A Johnston Co., 171 King B., Toronto.
*****
RABBITS
RAISE RABBITS. NOT A GMT-rich-quick scheme but a sound branch of agriculture. Literature Free. Brun ton Farms, 62 Winnett Toronto.
iii
» FREE CHICKS
WITH EVERY 10U PULLETS OR 100 mixed chicks ordered, we give 25 free chicks. Pullets $15.00 to $10.00 per 100: Mixed Chicks $8.00 to $10.00 per 100; Cockerels $1.60 to $5.50 per 100. Our price list will surprise you. Send for copy. Goddard Chick Hafchery. Britannia Heights. Ont.
MEDICAL
M. RAWLINSON, LIMITED
' Est. 1885
610 YONGE ST. - TORONTO
MOVING - SHIPPING PACKING - STORING
DR. McLKOD’S STOMACHIC HEALS obstinate Stomach Trouble: Ueer states: “For years I suffered terrible gnawing pains below breastbone, few hours after eating, causing gas and bloating. My only relief was soda and that only for short time. Then l took Dr. Me I,cod’s Stomachic. After three bottles I was free from pain. I kept on improving and have now been for several years, enjoying
diclne. Good for all forms of Indigestion. Drug Store or write Dr. McLeod s Stomachic Co., 658 Bathurst, Toronto. $1.25 per bottle postpaid.
RHEUMATIC HlFFtHKRH
Nervous Restless
ITS PROVEN — EVERY SUFFERer of Rheumatic Pains or Ne itifl should try Dixon's Reraody, Hold only at Munro's Drug Store 336 Elgin. Ottawa. Postpaid $L00.
Canadian National Railways Revenues
Reduced Rate Furniture I Cars—W innipeg and NX va to Coast
Girls !
Cranky? Restless? Can t sleep? Tire easily? Annoyed by female functional disorders and monthly distress? Then take I.ydla E. Plnkham's Vegetable Compound. famous for over 60 years In helping such rundown, weak, nervous conditions. Made esp WdLL WORTH TRYING!
C HICKS, PULLETS
BOOKLET PRODUCING EGGS UX-der Ten Cents per dozen for Feed Cost mailed free on request. Order chicks and pullets now. Manor Farm. Clarkson. Ontario.
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
well
meals without roe
llig gross revenues of the all-inclusive Canadian National Railways System for the period ending
March 7, 1941, were .......$5,094,144
m oompaveil with
Menthol at um helps check gathering ofmuvua... relieves stuffed, choked nostrils. Jars and tubes.
!
New
Used

IIAKEH V EQUIPMENT
SPEC! A LI 41A ta IX KIULILI MOTORS, POWER-UNITS Ujdfaailti ¦ el •I •.
Starter», I _
Radiators - Rsehaage
Salle/aelloa or Levy Auto Parla, De»L J, reroute
4,095.938
fc
c:ucn.
PAKE US* OVENS AN U MACHIN-also rebuilt equipment alun hand. Terms arranged.
r f
EVERY
SATISFY
sufferer of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Sold only at Munro's Drug* Store, 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.09.
YOURSELF
30c
tm
el*.
wgye	_
Coi i vapondence Invited. Hubbard Portable Ovcu Co., 103 Bathurst St., Toronto.
for the corresponding period of 1940, an Increase of
MENTHirrATUM
998,206
?r 24.4%.
Gl
!3S,JE 12—’41
COM i
> H
1 t
fu - If
###PAGE###4###



s
?


Helping The Editor

Hodgins Garage

THE EQUITY
&
FLOUR
Mrs. Elizebeth B. Price, publicity director for the Canadian Ited Cross • Society in British Columbia, .is a discerning personage according to one of our contc-mpories. We publish without comment, her summary ot things to be remembered when dealing with an editor.
First, the editor is publishing a news to make his living. He wants
8
8
I
a
Shawville, Mar. 27th, 1941
\X\VN%XXXVV\XVVXXXXVXX
Buick, Oldsmobile, Service
Chevrolet
Sales
1
mâ


x
Créait] of the West, 981b. bag, $3.00 Castle, per 98 lb. bag Golden West, per 98 lb. bag Nelson, per 98 lb. bag Winnipeg, per 98 lb. bag
x
War Services Drive
——	paper
.	! his paper to ho read, and if he prints
There are many good, and sufficient j y0Wr story foe wants it to be news which
reasons, why the Canadian War Services ; js written in a style his readers will en-
Fund should ask the people of Quebec [joy.
to subscribe $1, 175,400 towards the
K
2.75

t
8
2.65
FOR SALE
)
The editor is a busy man—so take
.	zxaa • *v 1 well prepared news copy to him. He
national objective of $o,o00,000 in the |g u6ua||y racing against time and he
campaign which opens an March 24e 1 wants news when it is new—today, not
They can be explained very briefly and a week later. He doesn’t want to write f ...	a story at the last minute or rewrite one
iBülpml
«e*s
conducted under their supervision. Iln tnat PaPer-All the budgets have been scrupulously checked ; expenses have been reduced to a minimum ; there is no overlapping of services.
The organizations included in this !	March 14th, 1941
appeal are : the Canadian Legion War A regular meeting of the School Corn-Services, Knights of Columbus, Sal va- missioners of South Onslow was held on tion Arrtiy. the Y. M. C A„ the Y. the above date at the usual place of C. A. and I O. D. E. ( Western pro- meeting.
vinces only )	.	Members present :—J. H% Henderson,
The services which they provide m-1 chairman and a fuu Board of Com elude the provision and maintenance of. nngslonerSi
recreation huts, canteens, overseas res- Qn motion of Comr. MacKechnie the idential clubs, mobile canteens, sports | mjnute8 0f the last meeting were con and entertainment centres, hostess houses, educational courses, and rel-igous and personal services
In fighting the war our first and most important duty, obviously, is the provision of arms, ships, tanks, equipment •of all kinds, bu" what use would these Motion, Comr be if the morale of the men suffered for Draper be appointed caretaker at 2so.
the lack of the services • which are so 4 school. ,	.	,
closely yillied with the developement cf' Motion by Comr. MacKechnie, that their fighting spirit. Contented men I Miss Kathleen Graham be engaged a> make good fighters. And it is these or- ! teacher for No. 1
ganizations, at home and abroad, which j Motion by Comr. Ing-ee that Miss render a tremendous service by helping I Beth Taber be engage, it No 3 these men All in their leisure hours by i Motion by Comr., Auim that Misa providing entertainment and recreation Norma Dods be engaged at No. 4| | | education, personal and other Motion by Comr. luglee that the essential services which they miss so I Faster holidays be Good rriday and much when tkeyleave home to take up ; Letter Monday.
arms in the defense of their homeland. ! On motion of Comr. rode t lie meet -Let it not be said that we forget this j *ng adjourned important task. Remember, here is a chance to show these men how much we appreciate what they are doing for us by demonstrating what will do for
It can be truly said that the boys in | Pontiac Rural Telephone the forces are relying on the boys back
home. So let us dig deep ; let us not be | Tfae lirectors 0f the Pontiac Rural parsimonious ; let us show our fighting Telepj,nne Co. Ltd, met in the Tele men that we are behind them. Let us | phon‘e office ,bree p. m.
. .	_	, W Present were : Tlios. Etdes, President;
we save giving to six different appeals, R j x	vice-president ; and dir
and increase our individual donations
accordingly.
2 60
k
250
ELECTRIC MOTOR
X

.*> phase,
Parkinson iîlectric Motor, 2>5 h p r. p. m 1,100, 550 volt, starting compensator, and two transformers, The above motor is in perfect condition and will be sold at a bargain.
»
x
X
There is every possibility that an increase in the Wheat Processing Tax will result in much higher priced flour, make no mistake in buying your requirements at the above prices.
\
V
X
X
*
X
X
X
You will
RENFREW WASHING MACHINE
Uenfrew Washing Machine, hand operated, including clothes wringer.
CLYDESDALE COLTS
Pair of Clydesdale Geldings, two and three years old, well matched, will be very heavy.
;
South Onslow Council
i
}
r

USED OARS
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REC'O.
¦y
One 1937 Chevrolet Sedan Two 1938 Chevrolet Sedans One 1939 Chevrolet Sedan

1
X
firmed as read.
On motion Comr. Inglee the following bills were ordered paid, viz : —
A. Smiley, 2 bills work at No. 1 § 23 00
24 83

J. L, HODG1NS
I
X
\
JUtô^Jrl
Phone 6 4-J.
I. Merrifield, supplies

IViole, that William

Buy
f

V

War Saving's
Certificates
9
l
Reading is not mtîking—and we want you to really know that the new De Laval Magnetic Speedway M lker is the best, fastest and cleanest method in the world to milk a cow. You have to see the De Laval Magnetic Speedway in operation—operate it yourself—observe how your cows respond to its unequaled, uniform action and check the results in order to know and appreciate the sensational milking of this remarkable new milker. Whether you now milk by hand or machine you have a surprise in store for you when you do this. Arrange today for a free trial in your own barn on your own cows, without obligation of any kind—for all we ask is “Try It.”
Jos. A. Steele. Secretary-Treasurer
WHAT A RECORD!
Cemetery Memorials
1

Here Is the 22-year uneeualed record of Oe Laval milking errferman?*:
More Oe Laval Milken In re than any other make — milks mere than 3.000.000 cews dally.
Used and preferred by best dairymen —mere than one-third of all milking machines u*ed by O M.I.A. members are Oe Lavale.__________
• All cewe owned by Bureau of Deinring. U. S Department of Agriculture, ore milked with Oe Laval Milkers.
Do Laval milks the boot rows uf all breeds. Many of the most valuable herds have been 0e Laval milked for years.	______
Maay of the highest productif cews made their wonderful records with Oe Laval milking. "
Mere than 60% of U S Certified Milk is produced with Oe Laval Milkers. _______________
Oe Laval was the milker used exclusively at the N. V. World's Fair and San Francisco Golden Gate Expeeltien.
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble
also remember that, when we give once
Get Our Prices Before Buying1 Elsewhere
ectorp, T. C. Elliott, Dr. S. E. McDowell, Roht. Sheppard, A. Sly, and H Beattie.
The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved on motion ot T. C. Elliott and R. J, Tracey.
The question of lead covered cable was discussed, after it was moved by As soon as the snow has melted and I A. Sly, seconded by H. Beattie that this the ground is beginning to dry, work Board purchase 5,000 ft. to replace the can start in the garden. If the tops of heavy leads in town —-Carried. perreniais were not cut oft last fall they Motion by T. C Elliott, seconded by should now be removed and any bran- IL J. Tracy that this Board re-engage ches or other trash that has collected on the same operators at the same salary.—
the beds should be carefully raked off. Carried.
If a mulch of manure Was used in the Motion by A. Sly seconded by R. J. fall, the fine part can be dug in to add Tracey tint this Board call for tenders humus to the soil. At this time an ap- for Secretary-Treasurer for this Complication of a commercial fertilizer with pany. Tenders are to be in the hands the formulae 4—8—10 can be scattered of the President by one o’clock, April on the surface and dug in, advises Miss 5th, 1941.
Isabella Preston, Division of Horticul- Tenders must read with or without ture. Central Experimental Farm,'Ot- office : Duties may be obtained from the tawa.	the secretary. Lowest or any tender g
In the rose garden it is a mistake to not necessarily accepted.
On motion of Dr. S. E McDowell the
A large and distinctive Stock to choose from

Phone, 278
Cleaning up the Flower Garden
9 .
DE LAVAL MAGNETIC
SPEEDWAY MILKER
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
AlTHOKlZED A « : EXT
33Z2ZZEZIZZEZZ1;

CLIFFORD CONE,
Certified Chicks
Phone 36
Shawville, Que.
Shawville Co-operative Hatchery
ORLA YOUNG, Manager Phone 97,
)0{
imr
je
]Q[
lull
I !ell
JfcJl
JLJl
Shawville Annual Short Course
April 14, 15, 16, 17 and 18th, 1941
Shawville, Que.
0
remove the protecting material all at
If boards, or brush were laid I meeting adjourned over the mulch they should be removed | first and a fork thrust into the straw or leaves in order to lift them so that air !
once
0
H. E. Elliott. Secretary Treasurer
if All flocks are blood tested and under the * Quebec Gov. Inspection (Standard Method.)
j Eggs must weigh at least two ounces.
g Our chicks are issued from vigorous birds of standard size and selected for egg pro-, duction.

can get in.
In a week or so if the weather is
3
No Shortage of Narcotics
suitable the top layer of straw can be j There is no danger of a war-in removed and the remainder taken off 1 duced scarcity of the great majority gradually. If the nights are very cold of drugs, such as occurred in the and the days dry and sunny the mound last war, according to a report pre-of earth should be left over the lower pared by Dr. Ernest H. Volwiler, part of the ro^e bush until the soil is i vice pesident of Abbott laboratories, beginning to warm up and the roots are ] North Chicago, 111. waking from the winter sleep. The dry winds and hot sun frequently damage the stems by drying before the roots are active to keep them in good condition.
Subjects for five-minute speeches
[j
G
Contestante, 14 years and under
1—	My Home.
2—	Land Drainage.
3—	Working and Serving for Victory.
‘4—The Value of Experience.
5—Song Bird»
Contestants, 15 to 2<* years, inclusive
1—	Canada's Land Army.
2—	Budgeting the Family Income.
3—	My War Contribution.
I—The Farm Forum.
5-The Farm Labor Problem.
Contestants. 21 to 25 years, inclusive
1-	How I can be of Service to the Community.
2-	Why I should help to Defend my Country.
3-	Co-operative Buying and Selling.
1-Canadian Farmers' Contribution to the War Effort 5—Tam Thinking About Old England.
m
5 N
XI
9
I

The store of opium in United States treasury vaults in Washington —approximately 500,000 pounds—insures this country against a shortage of morphine, writes Dr. Volwiler.
Dr. Volwiler also said the national defense program has opened a new field for biological manufacture in the immunization of troops with tetanus toxoid.
Although Dr. Volwiler’s report is reassuring as to medical supplies of narcotics, Frank Smith, director
1
BREEDS
3
Barred Plymouth Hock — White Leghorn — New Hampshire
13
3
Chicks will be available on the
following dates :

;
<9
e
Income Tax"Deductions
8
Ü
<m


>
>
rm
March -21, 27, 81
April—
May -1
8 12 00 per UK)
2S 12 00 “	"
11 00 “ " 1000 " "
Montreal —Income tax deduction of 40 fier cent will be allowed for contributions to the Canadian War Services of the New York state narcotics bu- j Fund provided the money is pledged reau, said that the war had sharply not later than April 7th and paid n ,t curtailed the supply tapped by addicts and that thefts of morpnme and other narcotics had greatly in- 1 creased as a result.
7, 10, 14, 17, 21, 24,
8, 12, 15..............
20, 29, .............
June-2, 5, 9, 12, 10...................
19, 23, 2*1, 3n ..............
B
Q H

N
19,
‘»
N


later than December 31st, next, Hon -J. L. Haley, Minister of Finance for tin Dominion has announced.
Said the mini>n*r mÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊKÊÊ ation of all the fact*, it has been decid ed that the proposed budget amendmenl Gifts of Cashmere Shawls making 10 per cent of tax ble income After the territory of India was the limit to which contributions to any incorporated as part of the British charities will be allowed as deduction- empire, Queen Victoria used every will be subject to the qualification that effort to promote trade and import this 10 per cent may be increased to 40 Indian goods. It was her custom l»cr cent, by contributions to the Cana- on weddings, birthdays and other dise War Services Fund if subscribed anniversaries to present her friends on or before April 7 and paid on or ho with valuable Ini a cashmere
fore December 81, 1941.	I shawls.
¦1 N
Itifl ? *
9 00
8 00 4
For further particulars apply to the Agronomist,
3
July -3
8 00 "
For White Leghorns, 81.00 less per hundred
‘ t :poo consider
3
The complete program of the different subjects and speakers, giving date and hour, of several | 5 events will be published later
rt
It.O P. Cockerels used in Barred Plymouth Rock
and White Leghorn Breeding Pens
Started Chicks For Sale

B
3
Ii. W. HoiHilNK Secretary
N. A. Drummond, J. R. McDowri.j
Agronomist
President
0
<¦
###PAGE###5###


ê n»
Bh^ cfaeant, JU
Specials in Rubber Footwear
COLOUR IN YOUR HOME!

i
*%%%%%*%*
Men’s 15 inch top in full-grain leather
$5.75 for $3,95
Men’s 12 inch top, same quality as above,
$5.25 for $3.50
#
Low tops, in all rubber $1.69 for 1.49




Two-thirds of your Home space is Wall space Decorate now with Sunworthy Paper 1
Its Beautv Lasts
One hundred and five different patterns Priced from 20c to $1.00 per double roll
Your Home is your Castle
Not just for to day but all your to-morrows !
An inspection of our Modern Furniture Department
Will be well worth your while

0


I



A





a

1


Work Socks .60 .50 and 25 cents



ms
to
mmm
H «
&


m

'$£k

p
YOU WOULD BE PERFECTLY
"TK %
Chesterfield Suites
Norris R. Horner
%	'	M	» \
Clothier and Haberdasher •
Phone, 43
Of Luxurious Quality
Spring Cushions, Extra strong
$67.50 ; $69.50 ; $87.50 ; $112.95
The New Miracle Davens
Of course, you wouldn't operate This is only one outstanding feature your separator in the best room of of the Renfrew Separator. Others the house. This is just to impress you include the low supply tank, ease of with the absolute cleanliness of a operation, close skimming — and Renfrew. No splashing of oil—no highest quality and performance at greasy, insanitary, fly-attracting mix-	a reasonable price,
ture of oil and milk, making a mess	You can buy your Renfrew	from the
of both machine and floor. The oil	man you know—Renfrew's	own rep*
necessary to the operation of a resentative in your neighborhood. Renfrew goes in at the top and re-	He is responsible to you	and we
mains inside until it is time to	stand behind him and all	the Ren*
change it.	frew products he sells.
RANGES • HEATERS # WASH-RITES • TRUCK-SCALES * INCUBATORS
Rich Velours.
construction.
ESTABLISHED 1883
Has all the appearance of a Chesterfield, yet can
be quickly converted into Our price with two chairs to match, $79.50
COACH
INVALID
48 inch double bed.
a
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Bed Davenport
Directors of Funeral Service
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED RENFREW ONT.
ST.JOHNS P Q.
REGINA SASH.
SUSSEX N.B.
Has cotton filled mattress and two cushions cover-
This Davenport be-

Shawville, Que.
cd in colorful cotton repp.
comes a roomy 48 in double bed.
Merely lower the back to the floor.

LEO. R. KEON
Phone 83
î
DISTRICI REPRESENTATIVE
Quebec
Our price, $18.50
E
McKee
Letter of Appreciation
Service Announcement
Comfortable Combination Day Beds
Sleep one or two in comfort, Use it as a single double bed at night. Has covering of colored cretonne with background of blue, brown and
sand $12.50 to $13.50,
Simmons Bed Outfits $15,50 and up.
Rev. T. K II. Nurse. See.-Treas Shawville Group Canadian Red Cross Dear Mr. Nurse Enclosed herewith
receipts covering your last
Shaw ville United Church Rev A. F. Fokes B. A., B.D. Pastor
Sunday, March 30th
11.00 a.m.—Service at Shaw ville 1.30 p.m.—Service at Zion.
3.00 p.m.—ServiceatStarkaCorners
“ The sermon of a wounded servant ” 7 30 p. m.—Service at Shaw ville
Carping critics and their cranky criticisms.'’

I The Hodgins Lumber Go.
ti are seven
0 shipment.
B The Ladies’ Work Committee have
B asked me to express their appreciation
** jj of the excellence of the work \n hicii
S of high order indeed.	<
H	Yours faithfully,
E	W. F. Hadley,
B The Canadian Red Cross Society B	Hull and District Branch
or
x
!
X
\
We are now delivering
MILL WOOD Place your order
at once
\

COB
X

I
X
Pulpwood Wanted
A
* 4
Bristol United Church
Rev C. ARMSTRONG SALES B.D. Sunday, March 30th
§aint Andrews, service at 11 00 a m followed by Sunday School
Austin, Service at 2.30 p. m.
I am prepared to purchase green o peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood F.O,B. cars on LYN. or C. P railways or delivered to road side for pick-up by trucks Phone or write,
J. M. ARGUE,
Shawville, Que
23c
Macaroni, five pounds...............
White Hand picked Beans, six pounds
White Swan Wheat Flakes............
Giant Can Dill Tickles.............
Raspberry or Strawberry Jam, 4-lb tin Rose Baking Powder, one pound tin Standard Peaches, two tins.......
Standard Pears, two tins.........
#
If you want Potatoes of the best quality
at market prices — Try ours.
25c
25c
29 c
Phone 27
49c
Phone 76
• e • e
15c
ANGLICAN St Paul’s
Sunday. March 30th
10.00 a.m,—Sunday School
11.00 a. m.
7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
8 p. m. Monday and Wednesday Evening Prayer.
eejeeeee
FOR SALE
25c
25c
THE H0D61NS LUMBER COMPANY
Pure Bred Ayrshires
A number of pure-bred' Ayrshire Cows and Young Bulls fit for service All eligible for registration. Apply to
FRED A. HORNER, Charteris, Que.
Shawville,
Quebec

Holy Communion

yiztxizixixiyiytzixi/f/i/iyizizizf/üxiyizïzizixizi/izizix!/ /
Phone,
Campbell’s Bay 39-3.
Holy Trinity
Service Withdrawn
Friday, service at the home of Mr. J. E. Horner.
Raw Furs Wanted
MacLean’s

I wish to announce to the public that I am in the market for all kinds of Seasonable Raw Fur and assure highest maiket prices.
RED & WHITE STORE
St^ Li kb’s
2.00 p. m. Holy Communion 8 p m. Tuesday, Evening Prayer
NORRIS It. HORNER
Licensed Fur Dealer, Shawville, Que.
Tha Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
I l
Phone, 43.
DALE’S TINSHOP
North Clarendon Parish Rev. K. C. Bolton, B A., L.Th.
Sunday, March 30th
St. Stephen’s Church, Greer Mount Evening Prayer,
St. George’s Church, Ladysmith
Morning Prayer, 10-30
St. Matthew’s Church, Charteris Evening Prayer........	7.30
Tuesday — Service at the home cf Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Henderson at
7.30 p. m.
Farm for Sale
Farm containing fifty acres of land, less, in the Township of Bristol, Lot No. IT d, Range5 ; also faam fit the township of Unslow, containing sixty two acres, more or less, Lot 4 c, Range 3; For further particulars apply
WILLIAM R. TABER
Wyman, Quebec
Macaroni, ready cut, four pounds Peanut Butter, bulk, two pounds..
Clark’s Soup, four tins .........
Clover Leaf Salmon, pink, er tin Aylmer Tomatoes, large tin, 2 for Coffee, Aurora, fresh ground, per pound 39c
Orange Marmalade, 32 oz. jar .....
Prunes, 60 70 size, 2 pounds.....
White Beans, fiye pounds .........
Raisins, bulk. 2 pounds..........
Libby’s Tomato Juice, 3 tins .....
Apples, good cooking, 6 pounds, ....
22c
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
more or
27c
29c
7.30
20c
to
25c
Syrup Making Time
Phone 1—29
Teacher Wanted
27c
Protesant teacher holding Quebec Elementary Diploma to teach Davidson School. Term 1941-42. Fur further information apply to
21c
Now is the time to nave your sap cans and boilers repaired and to place your orders for new requirements for syrupmaking.
25c

JOHN C. HOWARD
Secretary Treasurer Davidson, Que
25c
Hear Sunday School Evangelist Mr. Loi ne Honderick, of Toronto, on Friday, March 28th, at Bristol Ridge at 8.00 p. m.
Sunday, March 30th
Shawville at 10.00 a. m.
Bristol Ridge at 2 00 p. m.
Shawville at 7.30 p. m
Young People are specially invited.
27c
For Service
25c
#*#####
Pine-bred Tamworih hog. Service fee $1.00. Apply to
Clifford Walsh . R. 3, Shawville, Que.
k'ciJSisfSJBra i aisisisfiaia/afararafarai a/araia/
###PAGE###6###
planes near the Russian frontier, as well as in the Balkans. His adventure into southeastern Eur-by arousing Russian suspicions has weakened his air strafing ability against the British/' Battle of Atlantic Tho British Parliament last week voted a huge new secret appropriation for ships”—warships, merchant sels of all kinds—to combat the steadily intensifying German sea offensive promised by Hitler in
February
TASK WELL DONE, TACKLES NEW PROBLEMS
VOICE
lH
* V t •
Saving Ontario’s Natural Resources
THE
O F
ope
PRESS
\X x
BOTTLM
highly satisfactory
A little while back no one would have believed Haile Selassie would be around when the League of Nations was forgotten.

tf>3
K'1

“many more
ves-


¦h
L
P


G. C. TONER,
Ontario Federation. of Anglers.
(NO. 34)
FOR ALL, ENEMIES
In my discussion on several weeks past I have been stressing the relations between a predator and its prey. That is, animals or birds that feed on other creatures arc said to be predatory or predators while the animals upon which they feed are known as prey. The wolf is a predator on the deer, while the deeer is the wolfs prey. We are just beginning to understand many of the relations that exist between predator and prey but it 'has been suggested that to have a healthy stock of any animal it is necessary to have a predator feeding upon it.
We have a fairly good stock of deer in many areas of Ontario. In some places they might be said to be abundant. Like every other creature on earth they are subject to disease, accidents and old One ' of the ways among

i

:

I
—Brandon Sun.





THE FARMER’S DAY
The Ontario farmer cannot complain too much. He is never the forgotten man in a year in which there is prospect of an electiou.
—St. Catharine* Standard.
and
his January
speeches, looking for victory on the #sea and it was there that they must be met and conquered. This appeared to be the view in London and Washington last week. The Battle of the Atlantic was on.
An alarming new with reference to the war on the confronted Britain last week when the French Vichy government, no doubt under Nazi pressure to do so, threatened to use the French Navy to convoy food ships to unoccupied France through the British blockade. The French fleet ever since last June has been a troublesome and
factor for Britain.
with French
birds for
The Germans were

mm
;
t
/
* ¦

ttewyi
a j

*
SOME MUST LISTEN
Ottawa talks. Everybody in Ottawa la gabbing from morning to night. I have got so that my mouth ys never closed except from the qx haustion of listening to other talkers. It is the great indoor sport of the place, the universal hobby,
the general vice.
—Bruce Hutchison in Victoria



situation

Wl

For Infant, Feeding J
MiHlP

sea
t




Bee Hive
Syrup



*

&
Times.

x t
O®


COUNTY LIBRARIES
The librarians of the public and associate libraries in Simcoe are evidently unanimous as to the value and the splendid service glv-by the County Library Associa tien brought about a year ago. During 1940 it rightly earned a title to a place among the activities of the different municipalities. Handicapped to some extent by limited finances, it nevertheless brought to the libraries, Collingwood not excepted, many of the better class of books that in all probability might not have otherwise been at the command of patrons of these institutions. With more funds it undoubtedly could and would render even a greater service. Well might the County Council be generous in its treatment of the organization.
—Collingwood Enterprise Bulletin
uncertain Aimed conflict foodship convoys definitely was not wanted at such, an hour as




m *
da’s playgrounds,” said one offl-“There is no guaranteeing

if
this.
cial.
the truth of many of these stories but they are an intriguing association with scenic beauties available to the visitor.”
Most of Canada’s legend? come from the Indians. The Georgian Bay Islands were explained with the tale of a stumbling giant, rumbling over the icefield that was Canada with a massive boulder in his hands. He stepped on the body of a huge fish. L
boulder smashed to the ground and splintered into 30,000 piec-to create the islands.

U.S. To Turn Tide The lid was off on American aid to Britain the instant the Lease-Lend bill passed Congress in Washington last week. Not a moment was lost in releasing a vast quantity of war to go across the water;
fortresses” patched ; and President Roosevelt pressed a demand for $7,« 000,000,000 in immediate cash to finance the help-Britain pro-
Some sources said that
en

age. W—WPW- _ . ,
human kind to control disease is to isolate the sufferers. This cannot be done in the wilds so nature has substituted a predator, the wolf, to keep the herd healthy. Wolves kill and eat the diseased, the maimed and the old. It may seem cruel in human eyes but it is nature’s method of keeping a healthy stock of deer.
Maybe Mice Are Necessary
There is a similiar situation in the relations between predatory birds, hawks and owls, and mice. Of course, we do not want mice like we want deer but as they are fast breeding, little animals they occasionally become very numerous and must be controlled. Nature is never at a loss so when the mice become very abundant disease will break out among them. This disease may be such that it will spread to other creatures so it seems to me that nature reserves disease as a last resort in the control of her smaller creatures. Hawks and owls are the normal predators that keep the population of mice below the level where disease appears and wipes them out.
So, as I said above, it aeems to be necessary for every creature to have the proper enemies. Normal predation means that nature does' not have to resort to more drastic forms of control, such as disease which if allowed #o spread might wipe out the animals almost entirely as has happened in some parts of the world. This might be desirable from •man’s, point of view but mice have their uses in the scheme of things and we might find that we needed them if they disappeared completely.
• •
1
• eV>
I
Having completed h* task of mechanizing the Canadian Army in Britain, Brig.-Gen. G. P. Loggie, Deputy Adjutant and Quarter Master General has returned to Canada to tackle new military problems. He is here seen with Mrs. Loggie on his arrival at the C.N.R. station in
Montreal on their way to Ottawa.
materials ; “flying quickly dis-
were
the
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events
gram.
in addition to flying fortresses, the equipment to be sent over-at once included naval
es
NAZI SPRING OFFENSIVE IS DEVELOPING RAPIDLY
STORY OF EVANGELINE
“Poetic stories like that of Evangeline have brought countl tourists to Canada," said one authority on tourist travel.
Prince Edward Island the house Green Gables, made famous by the novel “Anne of Green Gables” is an unfailing point of interest.”
seas
bombers for convoy duty, tanks and machine-guns for the Greek campaign and small craft to combat U-boats. 99 warships altogether
Britain before the end of 1941.
To Meet Early Crisis Authoritative circles in Washington appeared to be acting on the theory that the coming three months would bring the great “crisis” in the war which would indicate the ultimate winner. The best military opinion there held that 1941 would not see the end of the conflict, but that American aid would be sufficient to bolster British resistance •and prolong the war in the hope of defeating Germany in 1942.
No Later Than June The Canadian military expert W. R. Plewman, noting that material aid from the U.S. to Britain would be assuming colossal proportions by September, estimated that Hitler could not possibly make his supreme attack Britain any later than June. At least two months before September, he declared, Germany, if she would win the war, must strive to get the upper hand of Britain and isolate the British Isles from America.
Legends Help Tourist Trade
"In
would be released to
The Turco-Bulgarian
Activity stepped up sharply on all fronts last week in the war between Britain and Germany. The long-awaited Nazi spring offensive appeared to be under spurred by fast approach-
defence. ¦¦ border not only is protected by mountains, but is strongly forti-
European and Asiatic Turkey, the Dardanelles, one of the most powerful strategic positions
in the world, ily fortified.” And last week the Turks learned that their northeastern frontiers were safe from any encroachment by the Soviet Union should they choose to fight the British side against the
Canada Filled With Lore That Traveling Public Just Loves
To the south, between
runs
way, , _
ing spring weather and the pas-in the United States of the
On the
Super-Alarm Clock
This, too, is heav-
Stumbliug giants, forlorn Indian maidens, vanishing dogs and poetic romances are all part of Canada’s stock in trade for tourists.
sage
gigantic British-aid bill, side of Britain, vast preparations being made for counter-offensives wherever the Nazi machine attacked—on land, sea, or air; or on the diplomatic or économie fronts.
An alarm designed to awaken the soundest of sleepers has been assembled by Herbert Dupuis of St. Catharines, Ont.
Its fundamental principle, of course, is noise. This Mr. Dupuis has obtained by attaching • string from the winding bar of an ordinary alarm clock to a vacuum cleaner switch, with a police whistle attached to an aperture on the vacuum cleaner. When the alarm goes off its modest ring is lost in the combined wail of the vacuum cleaner and screech of the police whistle.
were
Ottawa Parks department and Canadian Travel Bureau officials last week said it was too early to estimate what the tourist business would be like this year, but they emphasized that the story of Canada’s attractions was being told far and wide.
MANY COME FROM INDIANS "It is clear that the holidayer, in this time of stress, has a lively interest in the romantic legends which surround many of Cann-
on
Axis.
Might Turn Against Russia
Highly-informed opinion in the United States last week advanced the theory that Hitler, instead of fighting his way vid the Dardanelles through Turkey to the Middle East might turn against Russia and seize the rich Ukraine, moving onward to the Caspian Sea and the Russian oil-fields. Be that as it may, grave alarm , was felt in Moscow over the mas-of German forces in a
Balkan Front
The air war over Britain was resumed, its intensity in many instances equalling the frightful days of last September when casualties were highest. The war on the sea grew steadily more serious (Britain lost 148,038 tons of shipping the last week in February). But the biggest developments, from the military point of view, were shaping up in the Balkan peninsula where the chief belligerents were aligning their forces in readiness for the battle of the eastern Mediter-
on
J
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
ring
threatening manner on Russian borders all the way from the Baltic to the Black Sea (a million Rumanians were said to be lined up, "their fields left untilled,” along the common border with the Soviet Union). News of Rusd&n troop move-
The Book Shell

Tablet Diet
Insufficient
BUBBLES9



ranean.	-
Yugoslavia and Turkey had yet joined fight. Yugoslavia’s problem was far from easy, since she was all but surrounded by Axis forces. A direct challenge to Hitler could mean her quick extermination as a nation. Her answer to Axis demands evidently depended to considerable degree on what support Britain gave Greece. The could be said, possibly, of
“THE MAN WITH NO FACE” By Margaret Armstrong
This hair-raising thriller, among the best In current mystery literature, concerns the American cousins of a rich Australian whose considerable fortune Is left to them In his will. They are scattered throughout the United States and live in complete ignorance both ef the bequest itself and of a nameless peril which bangs over them because of it. An unscrupulous adopted son has been cut out of the will, and he Is bent on destroying beneficiaries before its terms can be carried out. This anonymous killer trails his victims all over the country before he Is unmasked by an urbane New Yorker In a thrilling and original climax.*
It you have never been an edge-of-the-ohair reader before, “The Man With No Face” will teach you the habit.
“The Man With No Face” . . . by Margaret Armstrong ... Toronto: Macmillan Company of Can-ads *2.50.

not
M
No 'Short Cut to Proper Nourishment According to British Expert

came
ments in the Caucasus, coincident with the strengthening of Red Army forces along the Prut River frontier of German-occupied Rumania, were going to be ready for any Nazi attempt to force the Dardanelles or close their outlet to the Mediterranean.
Russian Air Force, Factor How much the threatened cla.% between Germany and the Soviet Union was affecting the Battle of Britain was pointed out last week by the British United Press military analyst J. W. T. Mason: “Hitler must give much thought to Russian air strength. He has now to consider the possibility that if the war goes into next year, Russian air power be added to the British


è
fa
%
k
I
r
Most of this talk about feeding people by tablet alone is without foundation, R. A. Bacharach said in his presidential address to the Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain on Nutritional Problems.
“At present there is no short cut to this business of taking enough food in tablets to supply sufficient nutrition,” Bacharach said. “It is practically impossible to construct any kind of diet unless on the basis of one pint of liquid milk per person per day.”
EXAMPLE OF IRON DIET As an example of an “iron diet” he listed one pint of milk, eight ounces of wholemeal bread, eight ounces of potatoes, four ounces of oatmeal, two ounces of meat or fish, two ounces of carrots, one ounce vltamlnlsed margarine, one ounce of sugar and one orange.
*'-T

The Russians
{
i
m
1K
%
same
Turkey who waited also to see what Yugoslavia would do and how the Soviet Union was going
to take it all.
Turkey Can Take It
Writing on the Balkan situation, Associated Press correspon-Dewitt Mackenzie said: “Greece might fall, and Yugoslavia be compelled bo acquiesce in Hitler’s southward sweep, but if the Turks hold to their alliance with Britain and stand astride the Dardanelles, the Anglo-Allied cause isn’t likely to suffer irreparable disaster in that theatre of war. Should the Turks by any chance go over to the Germans, however, it might mean the loss of the Battle of the Mediterranean for the British . . If the Turks fight, they should be able to put up a very strong
—4=3

» #

r
>

y
?
dent
i
m
j!

u
may
which then will be augmented by the expected peak production of American factories.
. . the Fuehrer was able
Last sum-
mer .
to concentrate most of his air squadrons over Britain in seeking to knock out the Royal Air Force. Henceforth he must keep a considerable number of his

Canada’s Flour Mills
One human tear will destroy 80,000,000 of te germs which are found in the air around us.
“Here’s a pie your wife sent you, Bubbles
the tool shop.”
We put the filling IB
• see
There were 863 flour mills and 926 feed mills in Canada in 1940. The flour mills had a total 24-hour capacity of 98,653 bar-Thirty-five of the flour mills, 60 per cent of the feed mills, and 46 per cent of the flour milling capacity in Canada are located in Ontario. Quebec ranks second as far as the number of flour and feed mills is eoncerned, but in flour milling capacity Saskatchewan is second Ontario, followed by Alberta,
|M1.. f
Maritime	JH
Columbia have a small milling capacity.
The bicycle as we know it today, with two wheels of equal sise, was produced in 1876, when, known as the “safety bicycle,” It superseded the old high or “pen-ag-farthing" machine.
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS — Within the Law
rels.
;
48
FOR
i
CLOSED TO
motorists
EQUESTRIANS ONLY
\
%
EQUESTRIANS
t
I
ONLY
1
and Manitoba. The Provinces and British
?
I

m
l


z
>z

2%
I

e»
O
###PAGE###7###
I
! Household Hints
Beauty In Spite Of The Sniffles
HE WAS MY UTTLE TERROR
Quality Guaranteed
Cork table mats are wonderfully useful, but they do get dingy in time. Rub the dirty cues with fine sandpaper and they will come up like new.
Make yourself a silver cleanfhg cloth like this:	Mix one tea-
spoon plate powder or jewellers' rouge, one tablespoon cloudy am mon la, and a small teacup of water together. Cut a yard of fluffy flannelette into six squares, dip each in the mixture, and hang dripping wet to dry. Use the cloth to rub up your silver and cutlery and you’ll save several cleaning days.
You Can Mak, /ourself Reasonably Presentable Even If You Have a Bothersome Head Cold

Mr

come I yv
• "Bobby’s mother let him have % tea and coffee—and caffeine stxm : showed its effects. He was restless g at night—nervous in school—bad- g tempered at home. No wonder he | didn’t get along in his classes.
"Then the meddling School jH teacher suggested Postum for ¦ Bobby to drink. And how that boy Æ has changed ! He stands head of bis ¦ class —and bis mother says "No p L more tea or coffee for Bobby*’. Æ
11	# Many people can safely drink coffee and tea.
f I	Many others—and all children—should never
drink them. If caffeine upsets you, drink delicious, economical Postum. See bow much better you feel.

À


I
The very best thing to do when you have a cold is to take the doctor's advice and stay in bed until you get rid of it.
if this isn't possible, however, the next thing you can do is to figure out. a way to make yourself reasonably presentable before ?ou let anyone outside the family see you. It's p* ough of an imposition to subject others to your coughing and sneezing without subjecting them to a red-eyed, shiny-nosed swollen-lipped appearance also.
FRESHENING HAIR Thanks to dry shampoo; it’s a simple matter to freshen up your hair, even though washing it is against the doctor's rules.
With your hair clean and free from oil—if not beautifully set— you can turn your attention to your slightly swollen face.
First, rinse your eyes with a sooth fug lotion, then put hot pads on them for a few seconds. Your natural inclination wil1 be to use ice cold pads. But don’t. Warm ones will decrease the swollen areas. Gold ones won’t.	#
REMOVE STALE POWDER • By all means use a makeup film to keep powder in place. Rouge your cheeks lightly. If you have to use a handkerchief constantly, apply indelible lipstick and apply it ever so sparingly.
Removing old makeup and putting on new powder frequently will help to maintain a spic and span appearance.
I
ii-
iLt;*
i
i
%
• PICTURE OF MISERY
That night, young Dr. Kildare visited Douglas Dumont at his hotel. Instead of the keen, intelligent person he bad heretofore seen, he found Doug the picture of misery.
“Why are you feeling depressed ?" he asked casually.
Doug stared at him challengingly. “Let's have a drink.” He reached for a bottle of bourbon.
“Do one ways snap you back to normal?” Kildare questioned lightly.
“Well, I don't exactly snap,” Doug answered shortly.
Jimmy took the bottle from him. “Sit down, Doug,” he said quietly. “I want to talk with you. I’m very much in love with Mary. Pd do anything for her. And you're her brother. But you’ve got to promise me one thing. What I'm about to say is in sacred confidence between the two of us.”
“Sounds like something unpleasant,” l)oug observed.
“I've got some reason to be-
this mood of yours may not be a mental or spiritual problem, Doug, but physical — pathological.”
“Meaning what?”
“Some condition that causes unnatural periods of exhiliaration and depression,” Jimmy replied carefully “Look—have you had any illness or injury in the last year or so?”
“No,” the other replied readily. “I haven’t needed a day off from werk in five years, that’s the positive and absolute truth.”
“In that case,” % Jimmy said heavily, “I can tell you nothing unless you let me make an experiment to try to bring you out of this morbid despondency. But there’s something you must know first, Doug. If you are suddenly restored to the state of mind you were in this morning, it proves you’re in a pretty serious condition.”
DR. KILDARE’S
* * *
Ever thought of all the things you can make from an old mackintosh? Hero am some to start your brain working — no doubt you’ll think of half a dozen more. Tennis racket covers, sponge bags, an un dersheet for baby’s cot or an underbib for his meal times, an apron for wb*n you bath him in his mom exuberant moments; an apron or sleeve protectors for washing up a square for sitting on at picnics or in the garden when there’s been a fall o* rain the night before. Now you go on?
ft
CRISIS

P20I
X>
?	Adapted from the
ft Metro* Goldu>yn*Mayer
Picture
POSTUM
f
2aessr


One Certificate Monthly Urged


T
T

or two drinks al-
Gertrude Gelbin
A
A
SYNOPSIS
L
B
Nurse Mary Lament and young Dr. James Kildare become engaged. Mary’s brother Douglas arrises in New York. Doug wants Kildare to interest multi-millien-aire Robert Chenier in a business scheme as he evolved. Kildare
that Doug frequently t# listen intently as if to far-away sound. He questions him about this habit. Doug tells him he often hears a woman crying. Kildare is with apprehension. He knows that epileptics hear imaginary sounds prior to a seizure. After further observation, he comes to •he desperate conclusion that Mary’s brother is an epileptic. Since this is an hereditary dis-he also knows that Mary is to it. She realizes that Kil-
Nationat Campaign Chairman of War Savings Subscription Drive Says That's The Average Cash Contribution Each Canadian Should Make To War Effort
First Robin
K
L
S
E
He pretended it was summer— (Of course it was only spring); But he sang a cheery and gladdening song
With a trill and a lovely ring.
He pretended he wanted to drink (Of course he didn’t at all);
He only used the pool for a glass—
A wonder he didn’t fall !

SADIE B. CHAMBERS
By
¦oticee
Walter P. Zeller, national campaign chairman of the Buy-War-Savings Certificates campaign, has declared that an average cash subscription should amount to $5.00 per month regularly. (Stamps have never been intended as anything move than a means of enabling children and people with very low incomes to purchase war savings certificates on the instalment plan ).
Five per cent of the average bread-winner’s income was not, he thought, too much to ask as an Investment in war savings to support the country’s war effort.
MAXIMUM EFFORT
The dominion’s war effort, he pointed out, is to be the maximum that the people of Canada can contribute toward a British victory. There is no other measure for it. The task of financing it must be placed on the same footing and war savings are a vital feature. Canadians who contribute their share of support in this way can only satisfy themselves and the needs of the situation by investing every cent they can spare. Those whn felt that the purchase of a . few war savings stamps would meet their obligation had a wrong conception of the whole situation, he said. The committee's appeal is for the purchase if certiifoates, not stamps—the purchase of as many certificates regularly as euch individual can pay for out of his earnings.
Homey Dishes For T he Family
From Christmas on we have been doing a great deal of discussing about Company dishes and suggesting menus for St. Valentine's, and St. Patrick’s Day. It seems then fit and proper, that we should consider now a few homey dishes both for economy and health’s sake.
filled
lievc that this
He pretended that he was warm. But a chill March wind went by, So I gave him crumbs in the frosty grass
And never asked him why
Slip Cover Makes New Studio Couch
X
VEGETABLE CASSEROLE
Place in a casserole alternate layers of carrots, potatoes and onions, sprinkling both layers with salt and pepper and grated cheese. Some chopped parsley added to each layer also adds zest. Cover with scalded milk until even with the top layer. Cover and bake in a slow oven for one hour. Be smre to sprinkle some grated cheese on top—and dots of butter.
This dish stands high in food merit—for the vegetable juices are retained—the adding of the milk is helping to keep up the family milk quota and it is economical. Served with bacon or cold meat, it makes a perfect balanced meal.
IRISH STEW & DUMPLINGS
Melt 2 tablespoons shortening in frying pan la deep one if possible). Add 1 lb. of round steak cut in inch size cubes. Brown the meat well, then add 4 cups of water. Simmer until tefider which takes about one hour. Season to taste and according to the family’s liking. Add 2% tablespoons of flour, mixed in *4 cup water and cook until thickened. Add one , can (large) of condensed ‘ vegetable soup. Mix well and heat again.
The standard dumpling baiter is made by mixing 2 cups sifted flour. 3 teaspoons baking powder and \ cup milk. Drop by spoonfuls on top of the boiling stew. Cover and steam for 15 minutes. Serve at once.
open
dare thinks Doug a seriously ill . She demands to know whlit
He had come so early, before the rest,
With song in his throat and red on his breast!
—Eleanor Alletta Chaffee.
At Least It Looks Entirely Different—Use Striped Fabric For Cover
¦an
ails her brother. When Jimmy, to spare her, refuses to discuss the matter, she upbraids him bitterly. He suffers her to quarrel with him, rather than reveal the truth.
And
You can give your studio couch a new square look when you make that next#slip cover.
It's a tricky idea and easy to execute. You change the appearance by using a striped fabric for the cover.
You matc h stripes into diamondshaped squares on the fop of the cover, but make the stripes run horizontally around the sides.
Eight yards of 50-inch fabric will be enough material The cost will lx> about six dollars if you do the simple sewing at your machine and make use of the attachments.
ON YOUR SEWING MACHINE
For a four-by-six couch, cut four square pieces of equal size to cover the top. allowing an inch on all sides for seams. In matching the pieces, allow the stripes of two squares to go one way, the others at right angles. Stitch these together half an inch from the edge with flat inside seams.
For the skirt, cut two 50-by-22-inch pieces so that stripes are horizontal along the 22-inch sides. Then cut four pieces the- same length but only 37 inches wide. Stitch two of these into one strip 74 inches long and 22 inches wide and the remaining two pieces the same way.
Now you can join the four long and short strips and stitch them with the cording foot attachment into a box-like arrangement. The skirt is joined to the lop with a corded edge.
Black and White
A Negress, of Hokerton, North Carolina, has given birth to twins, one white and the other black.
either she or her husband had a white ancestor.
CHARTER FOUR
Dr. Gillespie regarded young Kildare with the utmost compassion.	'
Scientiste believe that
• “Remember the other day, I Jimmy, when we were speaking of fatal diseases — and the ethics of telling the patient and his family? Well—I know why you asked. It’s Mary’s brother. What’s your diagnosis?’’	I
“Have I the right to reveal the information?*’ Jimmy asked.
SPRINGTIME
FAVORITES
"I CAN’T SEE THEM" “That doesn’t make sense,” Doug objected. “And I always come out of these spells anyway —I never have them for more
»

a book
Gillespie picked from his desk. “Yesterday you were in an awful hurry to put this book down before I caught you reading it—” he turned the book over and saw the title:
Its Causes and
up

than a week.”
“Hut to prove my point, I'd have to have you out in a few hours.” Jimmy glanced at his watch. “Say, by midnight. Incidentally, I’ve made an appointment for you with Mr. Chanler’s partners at ten o'clock tomorrow morning—”
“No!” interrupted the otjier wildly. “You've got to change it.
I can't gee them then. I won’t be able to put it over. I’d make a fool of myself.”
“I can’t change it,” Jimmy answered.
Doug stared hopelessly into* “Alright,” he said at last.


%
56
“EPILEPSY treatment.” He stared at it in shocked amazement. “Epilepsy?” he questioned slowly.
“I’m afraid so,” Jimmy said dully. “Hut how can it be? Epilepsy means convulsions and Doug has hud no seizures. Yet— Pm positive * he's having the aura that precedes a seizure. You see, Dr. Gillespie, he hears voices — a woman crying — and still — well
• ••
double -a e rtM a
\
x
A
IMBLtliS -
HZ 07

/
/


#
?) ?
« *
APRICOT BROWN BREAD
Mosf hostesses prefer a fancy bread for an their party salads, bread and the muffins following.
1 cup chopped dried apricots 1% cups sour or buttermilk 3 tablespoons shortening 14 cup sugar
1	egg
1!6 cups Kellogg s All-Bran
2	cups flour
2 teaspoons Calumet Baking Powder
immediately afterwards, instead of having a fit, he’s cool, logical, even brilliant.”
“Never hear of Epilepsy taking any other form?” Gillespie questioned. “Never hear of Epileptic Equivalents?”
“Yes,” said Jimmy unsteadily. “Epileptic Equivalents mean that what in the ordinary disease would produce spasms in this case would produce abnormal brain activity.” He stopped to think. “And, since Douglas shows no signs of warped or criminal tendencies, it's because his seizures force him in the opposite direction.”
space.
“Go on with your stunt. Where do we start?”
“With some whiskey,” Jimmy sa ill oddly enough. “And you’re probably had no food today?”
“None,” 'Doug said.
Jimmy picked up the phohe and ordered a steak dinner sent up from the dining room. When it arrived, Jimmy salted the steak plentifully.
accompaniment to serving this
.f



/
a
Overdriven Wife



Kadi ne Carlson of Duluth, Minn., charged irt a divorce action that her husband, Anton, treated her “like a horse,” to wit:

00J

V,
nr
Sion
/ erf**
\± teaspoon soda % teaspoon salt % teaspoon nutmeg Va cup chopped nut meats Soak apricots in milk about 15-minutos. Blend shortening and thoroughly. Add egg and
Add All-Bran,
She said she carries in the wood and chops it; milks cows and raises cattle, takes care of and does all the work on their 10-acre farm , including the housework, and then goes out and does day work whenever she can.
(To Be Continued)
2842
Que. To Admit Women To Bar
/ /
4
SIZES
to f 20

Dr. Gillespie nodded.
“Hut,”
thinking aloud, have regular periods of extreme mental depression with his mind sinking back to an ordinary level.” He raised unhappy eyes to Gillespie. “And that's what I’ve got to find out.”

sugar
beat until creamy, apricots and milk. Let soak until most, of moisture is taken up. Sift flour with baking powder, soda, salt and nutmeg; combine with nutmeats; add to first mixture, stirring only until flour disappears. Bake in greased loaf pan with waxed paper in the bottom, in moderate oven (3vO degrees F.) about 70 minutes.
J i m m y, “then he must
continued

Long Fight For Recognition Within Sight of Fulfillment in French-Canada
Middies and Jerkin
By Louise Lennox
Join the Navy and see the world look your way when you appear in your new sailor blouse. For warmer weather you’ll want the sleeveless version to wear with light skirts. This same pattern also includes another very j important and popular style, the jerkin, that you will enjoy having to top all of your tailored rocks.
Style No. 2842 is designed for sizes 10, 12, 14. l(i, 18 and 20. Size 16 requires 2 yards of 35- J inch fabric with 7 yards of braid , for sleeveless middy; 2% yards j with 3 yards braid for long j sleeved style; 1H yards for jer- , kin.

'THE finest baking -*• results are made easy by Calumet’s double-action, \ which permits you to use less.
Continuous leavening is the secret—during the mixing anil in the oven. Easy-opening, won’t-spill container, with handy measuring device under the lid.
Priced Surprisingly Lowl
Stations Change { Location On Dial March 30th
Radio
;

Members of the General Count'll of the Province of Quebec Btr, • at a meeting In Quebec City early In March voted in favor o admitting women to the practice of law in the province of Quebec.
The motion to grant the request of several women who del anded admission first defeated by a show of hands, was.finally carried 12-11 after a secret vote.
MUST PASS PROVINCIAL
Mouse
Wilfrid Girouanl. bâtonnier of the Quebec Bar and Provincial Crown Prosecutor, will submit the lawyers' decision to Quebec Government before it become* law, it must pass the Provincial Parliament.
Francis Fatiteux, bâtonnier of the Montreal Bar. and Perrault Ois-grain, K.C.. bâtonnier of the Lower SI. Lawrence Bur ami member of the Legislative Assembly for (laspe North, were the most ardent champions for the admission of worn hi to the bar.
NEW
FREE
1941
Radio Log Card

Yields 1 loaf #4'& x !)% inch pan).
You’ll need this valuable new log card with correct wave lengths of all Canadian and most U.S. Stations.
Fill in, SIGN and mail coupon below for your FREE COPY.

L7I
I
PINEAPPLE TEA MUFFINS
Vi cup shortening 2 tablespoons sugar «
1 egg
% cup honey
1	cup Kellogg's All-Bran H cup drained, crushed pineapple
% cup milk
2	cups flour
1% teaspoons-bah lu g powder *4 teaspoon salt ’4 teaspoon soda Blend sugar and sborleuiug, ai d ! 1 egg and beat until creamy. Add honey, All-Bran, pineapple and milk. Mix well. Sift flour and baking powder, salt and soda; $dd to first mixture, stirring well.
Oven hot—25 minutes.
i
iWINAWAR

MiiWff
a
>l:iji*.lv HR-lli f.ld.
TOKO >TO, 2, pNT.
Send me. Free, oim of your new Radio Log Cards.
My Radio is .....................
a

lion.
Ou*
Make

Year Purchased .... Number of Tubes ..
"s
**####*##
I
!
K ^°v»U-ACmfS
?4 KINO
Powder
Emblems No. 11207 must be ordered separately.
Send fifteen cents (15c), (Coin is Preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St, Toronto. Write plainly your name, address and style number. Be sure to state size you wish.
1
I

ISSUE 12—41
US
B
###PAGE###8###
Teachers Wanted
»,hr, m rtgSxiaA&r.
Secretary-Tit wmrer,
JjiulyHiùithi Que.
Teachers Wanted
Applications will be received by the
sjVfsrf sSti&i
Secretary Treasurer
R. 1, Rryson, Que.
Wilson’s Garage
Look Here
rn^mm







,y.NW/v!

The Sim Rj'UV.a Sarv ce
For Sale, Wants, Found.
Lost, etc.













\


K*X
Emm;
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service



\


()



wm
bertson, Maryland. Phone 2.Î-».




y *.
Ford Service
s ¦<
gsmmm
FORSALE-1 dresser and wash stand ,
ËlEEilS
(Call evenings)
iff
» i



V

Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
J. P. Wilson
Main Street Shawville Quebec
Phone 40


R
”1
1
Iw

îrf*

%*
iRI;
1

I


•A


ville.


üHtpP§
l

m

m-M
«•:
!
%

Teachers Wanted
m

one to Clifford Phone 15—10.
Tenders Wanted
z
r
Applications will be received by tho
rnmfflmam
Reasonable rates. Apply to Mrs. JAMES Allen, Shawville Que. Phone
looseIliayA App^M,RK’R’
R. 1, Shaw Ville. Phone 20-29.
Xe.


.xV
Z

for SALE—Medium size house on ('entre Street, with water. Apply to Henry S. Dale. Shawvllle Quebec.
• •
V "
/
m


EK

Z
/

¦y


>y.-v
¦
y

ü
%
Secretary-Treasurer
Maryland, Que.
THOMAS EADES, President
Shawville, Que.
• For the things that are not given to a fighting man with his uniform ; . . things that are not part ofhis military equipment . . . things of the spirit . . . Canada’s fighting sons, wherever they may be, rely on you.
The Government provides them with unifoyns, rifles, ammunition— but for comforts—recreations and wholesome opportunity to make their precious moments of leisure a genuine boon . . . they rely on you.
ÆT4Î'-E
of the folks back home ... he relies on you.
national organizations labour unceasingly to provide him
Financial Statement Municipality of Clarendon
Year ending December 31st, 1940
FOR SALE-1 pair of Percheron horses
Æsè
R. R. 3. Phone 17—10.
THE ONLY NATIONAL APPEAL THIS YEAR FOR OUR MEN IN UNIFORM
BALANCE SHEET
ASSETS
WANTED AT ONCE-Cook for hotel.
tS&SS$%?Si2!8Sg&'iS;
Que.
‘ Six great i with those things.
They can do it only with your money.
Your money started this work—your money is needed to carry it on.
$ 27,000.00 . 18,000.00 0.900.00 550.00
Capital.
Highway .....
Other Roads .
Bridges .....
Equipment ....
Total ....

• •• •

•• •• •

			
		
			

		
•••
FOR SALE—A quantity of green mouir
John	well, Shaw ville. PPhone
11-27.
FOR SALE-15 ton loose straw. Will
exchange for fence	c.AVP\y io
Preston Hodgins. R. F, 1, Shaw ville.
			
The need is urgent. Be generous.
Let the volunteer helper who calls on you carry back your pledge of fullest support for our fighting men.
*1 1 S
••••••••••••••

•••••••
$ 5fr.450.00

• •
• • •
•• •
••••••••

»•••••••••••*•

• •• •
LIABILITIES
$ 12,600.00 42,850.00
THE BOYS RELY ON THE FOLKS BACK HOME
Bonds, By Law 77, . Surplus Capital ...
••••#••«•••
•••••••
••••••••••••••
			
•••#••••••••
not canvassed—send your
FOR SALE—Quantity of No. 1 timothy hay. All in the barn. Apply to Donald Fraser, 354 Wavetley St. Ottawa.
If you have not been canvassed if you are contribution to your local committee or to:
$ 55,450.00
$ 1,098.37 5,650.82
Total ..............
Revenue.
Cash on hand or in Bank Arrears of taxes .......
60
••.?••••
Six appeals in om-ûâ/e/
IN MEMORIAM
$«rv»ce
?indudes Home ***%£*#*
$ 6,749.19
Total .y
*******
Only
In memory of James McLarnon who passed away March 23rd, 1938.
His life a beautiful memory ;
His absence a silent grief.
Sadly missed by daughter Bertha and the family.
nil
Liabilities ....
			
• • ••
....$ 6,749.19
CANADIAN WAR SERVICES FUND
$ 5 500,000^^™
Surplus
STATEMENT ÔF REVENUE AND EXPENSES
REVENUE
$	13.56S.53
265.79
General Tax .....
Less: Discount .
In loving memory of our Jear daughter, Freida Deerrng, ( Mrs. Emery Benedict, ) who died March 20th, 1932.
God has taken home our Freida,
Just nine years ago today ;
She is too far away for sight or speech, But not too far for thoughts to reach ; Sweet to .remember her who dhce
! was here,	: .
And who though absent is just as
Always remembered by Father, Mother, Sister and Brother.
$ 13.302.74 364.00 45.56
Dog Tax ...
Sundry 7...
G, G. McDowell, Chairman Shawville and District,
Provincial Campaign Headquarters, 001 Confederation Building, Montreal, Qu ;.
$ 13.712.30
Total Revenue
EXPENSES
)
$ 7.735.77
Maintenance of Roads ..........
Construction of Roads..........
Charity .......................
County Council ................
Administration ................
Secretary’s Salary ...........
C.P A.S. Grant ................
Building and Jury Fund ........
Surety bond and legal expenses Sheep killed or injured by dogs
Redemption of Bonds ..........
interest on Bonds ............
Interest on Loans ............
Sundry ........................
21.40
548.56
502.77
308.04
500.00
175.00
Priests in Chains
James Warren
e + #
* # # *
FARMERS !
In all parts of German occupied ,	, 0„ Poland, Nazi Gestapo are making
Born in Glasgow, Scotland, 81 increased arrests oi Poles suspect-years ago, and a resident of Can- Qf resistance. Two i'ohsh ada since he was five years of age, pl.jestgf arrested for preaching
James Warren, a former resident patriotic sermons, weie chained to of Zion and Shawville but a res a wall. Then then guards shouted ideut of Niagara Falls, Ont. tor at them : “Now you can bark as the last twenty years, died at the much ,i6 you like, home of his daughter, Mrs. bertha Sharpe E. Sharp, 144 Terrace Ave., in that city, on Wednesday
morning.	_	,
When he first came to Canada
he made his home in Bristol township, but later moved to the Zion section of Clarendon. He was
married to Miss Anne Mee of Shawville in 1877, who predeceased him 27 years ago.
Left to mourn his passing are one son, George Warren, on the homestead, at Zion; two daughters,
Mrs. B. E. Sharpe, of Niagara F alls.
Ont; and Mrs. Harriet Hanlon, of
Brockville ; also three grand-children, Mrs. Clifford Zeller, of Nia-Falls. N Y , and James and
12 15
15.00
210.79
800.00
653.63
120.85
78.72
Horner—In loving memory of our dear daughter and sister, Mrs. Lindsay Horner who passed away March 27th,
1940.
We do not forget her, we love her too dearly
For her memory to fade from our
lives like a dream ;
Qur lips neei not speak when our hearts mourn sincerely, , jFor grief often dwells where it seldom
is seen.
Sadly missed by Mother, Sister and Brother.
	 			
•••#•••••/
Dri*Kil
******
*********
********
• ••• «
* * *
•*•••••••*••••••*••••***•••
Cooper’s Farm Insect Powder
$ 11,682.68 2,029.62
Total Expense .. Surplus for year
*********
*******
******
i Forbidden Newspaper
• ••
S 13,712.30
for
Somewhere in occupied France, a pro British newspaper is being printed and circulated under the nose of the Gestapo. Named after Rabelais’ immortal hero, “Pantagruel” it is not a mere tract. It is news sheet, a four-page paper, appearing weekly whenever possible, and distributed by every practicable means “Laval ^aid a recent number, “has no right to ask us to collaborate with Hitler against our English allies, and friends. We shall not do it.
STATEMENT OF RECEIPTS AND DISBURSEMENTS
RECEIPTS
Destroying Lice on all
Farm Animals
$ 1,248.17 5,725.80 2,167.97 212.53 1.500.00 4,881.02
Balance to December 31st, 1939
General Tax, collected .......
Arrears Tax collected ........
Dog Tax Collected ..........—
Temporary Loans ..............
Labor allowed on taxes .......
Sundry........................
a
CARD OF THANKS
85c
"Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Warren and family, Mrs. Bertha Sharpe and Mr. and Mrs. Clifford Zellar, wish to thank their many friends and neighbours for their kindness and sincere sympathy in their sad bereavement.
45.56
$ 15,781.05
Total
THE CORNER STORE
DISBURSEMENTS
! *
Kathleen Warren, of Zion.
The late Mr. Warren was an at tendant of St. Andrew s L nited Church, iu Niagara Falls, and a service was held there on Thursday by the pastor, Rev. William
The remains weie
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and CentreSts
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
$ 2,854.75 4.881.02 21.40 548.6(1 210.79 308.04
500.00 502.77
175.00
3,000.00
800.00 120.85 653.63
12.15
15.00
78.72
1,098.37
Maintenance of Hoads by Cheque
Labor allowed on taxes ..........
Construction of roads ...........
Charity *........................
Sheep killed by dogs ............
Administration ..................
Secretary’s Salary ..............
County Council ..................
C.P.A.S. Grant ..................
Redemption of Loans .............
Redemption of Bonds .............
Interest on Loans ...............
Interest on Ronds ...............
Building and Jury Fund ..........
Surety Bond and Legal Expenses
Sundry ................:.........
Cash on hand and in Rank, December 31st, 1940
Treaty of Versailles
It is commonly asserted that the Treaty of Versailles terminated hos-:ile relations between all the warring powers engaged in the 1914-18 World war. The truth is that this treaty concluded the war only for Germany and the Allies when it was signed on June 28, 1919. Peace be-
1 tween Austria and the Allies was On Saturday anerooon service j g. . September 10, 1919; between
riKS À"	SZÆSK
î£.e.t?*d.™t!h,d Allies on June 4, 1920; between Turkey and the Allies on August 10,
1920: and between the United States
mmmÉ.	~
“Will there be any stars in my j armistice was signed, crown ? and Eldied Mee and ¦ MHMHig|g—
Mrs. Horner sang the duet, city four square
was made in the Norway Bay cem-, wiaiana	, a -
eteiy the pall bearers being, hd take six or seven years to make up
Barber, Harry Sturgeon ........ "
Ilines, Chester Walsh, Graham Thompson and Clifford Wal-h.
Moral tributes were as follows :

OAde^lietVt
'S
7///Z
/

>
Fingîaod __	.	...
brought by train to Shawville arriving on Friday evening, thence to the home of his son. George Wairen.
On Saturday afternoon service was held in
f
Freel Useful Book
é
Dc Laval Handy Reference Year Valuable farm, dairy and household information. Apply to
CLIFFORD CONE,
Shawville
Rook.

No writing. No money orders. »No bother. Just call or phone, s 100% live delivery guaranteed.
JOHN McCREDIE MARYLAND • QUEBEC
who spoke on *• For we know that it the earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved, we have a building of
Rhone 30.
$ 15,781.05
Total
CASH AUDIT AS AT FEBRUARY 1st, 1941
Balance of Cash, Dec. 31st, 1940 .....................
Collections, Jan. 1st to date of audit.......*........
Spring Muskrat Skins Wanted. H ghest market prices paid.
N R. HORNER,
Shawville, Que.
Telling Aje of f
Telling t le u$ many time
by their i recently developed by Dr. R. A Nesbit of the United States Fish and
d D:. /:*d H. VVal
h
$	1,098.37
520.98
fish #nd s naxvned
MI
, The Interment
they ha\
ales is a new technique
Scant Bloom of Wistaria
Wistaria* seedlings some times j
• i w W
Phone 43.
% 1,619.35 360.45

Less: Disbursements
Teachers /Wanted
Wesley ; their minds and produce racemes of , Graham | flowers. To insure immediate flowering, plant grafted stock or layered cuttings from proven plants.
$	1,258.90
Balance at date of audit
«7

C l
.,
t 9
he B «logical
The
Che
r.v of Solomo scales of fish show

lace of t!

i ns, Md
annual growth
rings* much like the annular rings
Fish scales are better age
Teachers wanted for Intermediate ,	,	. ,,	I Consolidated School Campbell'. Bay.
of Niagara I alls, Ont,; Mr. and Mrs. ^ these precautions fail, then next i Marti Bert Palmer, Hamilton, Ont.; Mr. and prune the roots by spading down Mrs. John Graham ; Zion United jj inches deep at a distance of 18 Church congregation.	inches from the main trunk.
Accounted for as follows: %
Cash as per counting of Feb. 1st, 1941
Balance in Bank ...............;...
Less: Outstanding cbq.........."...
a ut
$	228.14

$	1,054.75
44
23.99
in trees.
indicators than teeth in horses. The n of the scales shaped like an
s underneath rings.” They
$	1,030.76
porta
inverted "V * wlij rv veals
show up as blank spaces where the scales were not laid down due to slpwed growth during winter. It is necessary to use a microscope
$	1,258.90

J. A. DEAN, Secretary-Treasurer,
Municipality Clarendon.
new
L E SMITH,
Secret ary-Treasurer
Box 04, Campbell’s Bay. Que for accurate results.
ANDREW DALEY, Auditor R 5 845
~ .1




»


/

>

v -*ftiA V



%

*





J







>

t
V



f


f vi


jr
Am
>-
6 >
V
IvV

k
1
V

rwi
9

S\
t
«


V.



