###PAGE###1###
3»
t $1.50 per annum In Advan.i
I ^,i,0 ww lilt C ii»itc LiL.tB
1941
THU 1thDAY, APRIL 24th
COUNTY, QUE:
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC
No. 41, û8ru Yeau
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
DEATHS
BORN
The Hayes Beauty Parlor. Shaw -ville, will he cloned from Friday, April 25th, to Tuesday, April 20th.
Auction Sale—Watch for posters of the auction sale at the pro-pelty of the late E. 11. Armstrong on Thursday, April. 24th.
DaHms—At Barrie Memorial Hos pital, Huntingdon Que. Tuesday April 15th, 1041, to Mr. and Mrs. C. K Dahins. a daughter.
MARRIED
John Nathaniel Condie
On April 10, aged 60 years, John	.
Nathaniel Condie passed away at Corner Bank and Somerset’Streets
pÆonK'"' A'“'1	Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario school with an reputation. Open all year.
rem oe/rs/DE on /ms/de use
<0
his residence in
He leaves to mourn his loss besides his wife, two daughter-,
Mrs. J. B. Williamson, of Edraoii ton, Mrs. R H. Smith of Calgary :
--	I two sons, Jack, of Edmonton and
At Timmins, Ont, A pi il 18th, i William, of Niagara Tails,
1941, Alfred* E , daughter of Mr. The funeral was held Saturday and Mrs. Alfred Elliott, to Lennon, afternoon at 3 30 o’clock at Foster Free Shows — Under the aus- g(m of Mrs. Fred Thomas and the anc| McGarvey s funeral chapel pices of J. L. Hodgins, local dealer late Mr. Thomas, both of Shaw Rev. A. Finnis Marsh officiated of International Farm Machinery, ville..	Interment took place in-tn^
free sound movies will be shown	DAHMS -Stevens	Edmonton cemetery,
at Shawville Theatre on Tuesday, ^	—	The late Mr. J. Condie
te % A-tSb^.»isasroas:
farmers and other citizens.	t(> perCy Gerald Dab ms, son of
Gigantic Auction sai.B — At I Mr. and Mrs. E U. Dahms, Shaw. The death occ„red at Carp on
Elmhurst Farm, Fortage du Fort ville.	April 30th, at the home of her
load, on Tuesday, April 3»th.	WKiJiH—Redmond	Lon Robert Lucas, of Mrs. T. A
This sale will Include 50 head of	—	Lueas » highly respected resident
choice cattle, farm machinery, a pretty wedding was solemmz ,,f Carp district. She was born at several horses and file Belgain e(f st. Peter’s Lutheran church, I Hri-tol, Que. 81 years ago and ___
“class A” stallion, Reveur de Din-1 Ottawa, on Easter Monday when | wafl formerly^ Margaret Graham. j^^Rf.AND C. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Offii I-Id the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shawville. Que.
. Mr. Samuel Hamilton expect- to have a car-load of weetei n wot k horses, including mares from two to six years old, arriving in Shawville around May 1st.
Thomas-Elliott
Attend ft
established

jlrfS
1
5i
»
ri

H. W. BRAITHWAITk Principal
W. E. COWLING, Présider»
i
I

vv:8:-:::z8>
E

WWW
was b ,	,
David t. JAMES A. MILLAR
•>•••••

:v/

HP
BA.LLL
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle's Hotel, Cm uptell’i ay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday at Noon
TT^LOWS on evenly and dries hard J/ without brush marks. Will not crack, peel or chip from knocks, heat, coffee, alcohol, or other spilt liquids. Gorgeous colors. Brilliant high gloss.
Mr*. T. A. Lacas
and tlie Belgain e(1
8 a Htamuii* Reveur de Din* ()ti»wH. un mmu	7.7“ I'vas iormeriy «¦¦rn»roi* w«*•«•«*
and the Clydesdale stallion, Kmj|y Elizabeth, daughter ot Mr. daughter of the late Jas. Graham — * -4----«oaa Mnatpr« ! I—i u... ivmt..™ vvuUii nf «fark* | f|IHj wife, the former Anne
104
Pre-ton Advancer. See Fosters !	| and" tire. Wiljlaiia Weùh of Stark ,.
Corners became the bride of rte. Conley.
Hubert Redmond, of the dental Forty seven years ago she tvas section of the army medical corps,	to Tbos Lucas who died m
___ few years ago. She was a member
The bride, who was given away of yts haul’s United Chinch. Carp, her father, was dressed in a ypice the outbreak of war the I
__ and white ensemble, with |ate Mrs. Lucas has been an active -
Mr. Lindsay Judd, secretary- white accessories and a black som- rpc| (;r055 worker, treasurer of the War Services brero hat and wore a corsage of She leaves one son Robert, and drive has issued his final receipts gardenias. She was attended by on0 sisteif Mrs. John Angus, of | for this fund, which shows the Miss Winnefred Jamieson of Ot- Maryland, Que. following amounts donated	tawa, whose gown was ot peach The funeral left the residence on
Shawville. by donations.. 1503 45 colored crepe, with black leghorn fuesdav at 12 30 p. m for Sunt Clarendon :—	hat and she wore a corsage of pa„v8 United Church where Rev.
Municipal Council, $150.	American Beauty roses.	C. K Mathewson conducted the
Hv donations,	31.	181 CO After the ceremoney, which was 8ervice. interment was madem
Riistol —	attended by the soldiers ot Fte. Maple Grove Cemetery. Shawville.
Municipal Council   200 00 Redmond’s company, they left the
— church for the home of the parents
While here their many friends Drummond, in her T3rd year. Her gave a large reception in the death followed the funeral of her Starks Corners hall, where an brother who had resided with her
iiépü\mmmi ü*ii -
IIPFfs lUSSpESi1 “ —.........................................
¦gfli
S&s- ft	aw.®.™?.	»<• wallme
srr w
122
Miss Evelyn Dahnis left Monday I ciui*tecl by the pastor. Rev. J. for a two weeks’ visit with triends	assisted by Rev. Andrew
in Montreal and Mrs. E. C. Damns Rl18gej|, was held at Bristol Mem at Huntingdon Que.	I orial Church. Intermeut took
Pte. Louis Welsh, RrC. A. S. C , | place at Norway Cemetery.
Cornwall, spent the week end with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Win.
Welsh, at Starks Corners.
G. A. Howard, owner Thus. F. Burgess, Auctioneer
¦SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
4 Estate C. J. Caldwell 4
Ottawa.
War Services Drive
by 1 black
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate Barrister,! Solicitor,etc.
Office: Campbell's Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
1
Men’s Work Boots
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B# A, t
Mr». William J. Drummond
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
We have some of the best makes :
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with bylcorrespondence
Shawville Women # Institute
R. MILLER WALLACE1
ADVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, -2219
born in
Williams
Creb
Fournier
Sisman
Tillsonburg
Palmer
\
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Phone 81
See what we have in these lines at
;Er. R. E. DAG G
SURGEON DENTIST
$1.96 to $5.
00
609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE.
PU\TEAti638 8
Special Arch Boot
A special ARCH REST work boot, made by GREB for those who are troubled with their feet. If you have foot aches let us show these boots*
you
We nave made a great many men happy and better able to do their
work.
BELAIR 3 257
H K. NEILSON, NI.D.
Shawville Winners of Short Course
Eye Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
See this boot $4.95
The Short course in agriculture which lift» been running all week here sponsored by the Pontiac County Agricultural Society, closed on Friday night with a crowd that filled the Shawville Theatre. The chief speaker was Dr. H. Barton, of Ottawa, Deputy Minister of Agriculture, who «poke the problems of agriculture in war time. Other speakers were J. R McDowell, president, and R W. Hodgins, secretary of the agn cultural society; Mayor Nelson Me Lellan. of Bristol; Mayor S. VV Me Kechnie, of South Onslow, and Arthur Dagg, of Shawville. Music was furnished by the Shawville Boys’ Band led by A. Lorence, ot Ottawa. Solos were -heard from Miss Kay Woodley and a male quartette made op of Glenn and Wilmiir Hodgins, Bert Swartz and
Clarence Dean. .....
Trophy cups and prizes in the course were won as follows :— General proficiency — 1st, Lee Hodgins; 2nd, Ben KUloran ; 3rd.
Emery Elliott
Livestock judging—1st, Emerey Elliott i 2nd, Lee Hodgins ; 3rd, Hugh Craig ; 4th, Ray Ho bin ; 5th, Carl Dale; (itli, Ronald Mac Kechnie Seed judging and weed identification—lïit, Lionel Hanna ; 2nd, William Hanna ; 3rd, Emerey
Hodtini“May Hob/n Public speaking-B. Killoran, L Hodgins and Allen Young.
IC
George A. Finlan
180 METCALFE STREET
OTTAWA, - ONT.
PHONE, 12-7961?
Mr. and Mrs. Erwin Chamberlain Tribute was paid the memory and children, accompanied by the Gf George Andrew Finlan, at the former’s mother, Mrs. S. Chamber- fimeral, held Thursday morning lain left Monday morning to take nt n|ne o’clock from his late resup residence at Sydenham.	idence, Wyman, Que., to Saint
itiggi
active part in municipal affairs Finlan worked for a few years in British Columbia before taking up fanning at Wyman and „ .	, suive 1026 had been the divisiona
of the Shawville Beauty Salon at foreman 0f the department of
Mrs. Sam Hamilton’s residence, road maintenance on highway No
Renfrew.	.	by one daughter, Miss Rita Finlan,
Specials on	all permanents.	0r Chapeau ; two sons, Bernard,
Mus. Holmes	one^Mer? Mi * ' H Jvy "^iriUon !
Telephone < R 22,	Hnd one brother, Orville Finlan.
for appointment Wyman,
Summer Boots - Very Popular
Light weight Summer work boots with flexible crepe soles. Wonderful wear ; very comfortable.
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
OTTAWA, ONTARIO
on
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialist on all visual and muscular eya defect
I. T. Beattie,
Reg. Optometrist
50
$3.
and up
Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
Men’s and Boys’ Sport Shoes
an
Announcement
Mr
I wish to announce the opening
REPRESENTING companies
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
THE W. A. HODGINS STORE
Quebec
Shawville
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
###PAGE###2###
More Bombers For Britain Are Being Dismantled for Shipment Overseas
For BETTER desterfs
Saving Ontario’s Natural
Resources
Z
1
Cornj0^
By G. C Toner
Ontario Federation of Angler»
and Hunters
(No. 38)
'

BASS CULTURE
The raising of young baa# is one of the most difficult problems in fish culture, for unlike the trout or the whitefish, the bassbs cannot be stripped of their eggs as this process kills the parent fish. Fishes which spawn in schools are of such a nature that their eggs and sperm flow freely from the body when ripe, but the bass must build a nest, come together in pairs, and spread the • egg laying period over several days. Apparently, one reason for this is that the eggs of the female do not ripen all at the same time.
Since this is so we must bring the adult bass together in ponds, leave them to pair naturally, and leave the male bass with the nest for several weeks. This can best be understood if I explain the way in which the basses reproduce. In natural waters, when they warm in the spring, the male bass selects a site protected against wave action and to some extent, from natural enemies. He clears the ooze from this site by fanning with his tail and lower fins, leaving a cleared circular area of gravel. This is the nest.
Hatching of Young Bass
When the nest is completed, if the water temperature has reached 65° the male drives a female over the nest and a few of her eggs are extruded and fertilized by the male. This is repeated a number of times until there are several thousand eggs in the gravel of the nest. Then the male mounts guard, driving away all other fishes including the females. He watches the eggs for several weeks and when they hatch guards the young for some time.

the annual banquet get-together of some 200 Cubs, Scouts, Hovers
and parents.
$ $ #
At a meeting of the Sarnia Boy Scouts Association, which was in part run as a demonstration Boy Scout Troop, adult members he-boys in the various patrols. During the evening several of the members were invested as Scouts.
Two Spaniel trials wil also be run on Saturday afternoon, a trial for Novioe Spaniels and the Open Spaniel Stake.
Dr. John Barnes, Wllliarnsvllle, N. Y. and G. S. Steckles, Welland, will judge the Spaniel trials. SPANIELS, SETTERS. POINTERS
Two trials for Setters and Pointons are on the card for the second day. In the morning Novice Setters and Pointers, owned In Ontario, will show their stuff and In the afternoon in the Open All Age Stake for Setters and Pointers will (be run. Geo. W. Boag, Woodstock, Ont., Secretary of the Association predicts big fields In all trials. As ¦usual, it Is expected that New York State kennels will be well represented In the events, particularly In the open stake for Setter# and Pointers on the second day’s programme. Tommy Thomas, Rochester, N.Y., and Don Crawford. Rings-ville, Ont. will judge the trials for Setters and Pointers.
The Prince of Walee Hotel, Nia-garaon-th e-Lake will be headquarters for the meet and road signs will be posted to mark the courses for the benefit of the big gallery of spectators which Is expected to witness the trials.
came
800 magazines for soldiers* reading rooms were collected in week by the Boy Scouts of
one
Dartmouth, N.S., and 2,729 were gathered in a month by a Winnipeg Boy Scout Group.
# $ *
Three Boy Scouts of Bristol, England, own and operate their own mobile tea canteen, carried on during the heaviert Nazi bombing of the port, serving a hot drink and sandwiches to firemen and A.R.P. workers.
They

More than thirty Lockheed Hudson bombers are assembled at Floyd Bennett Airport in New York, where they'll be dismantled and shipped to England via beats. They’re part of the steady flow of American planes which have greatly bolstered the R A F.
VOICE
OF THE
PRESS
was watched very closely by the British, who, according to foreign military observers recently returned from the Far East, believed that if Japan were successful in concluding such a pact she would start a land, sea and air attack on Hong Kong.
“Waiting Period” at End?
In the Dutch East Indies, too, authoritative circles were of a similar mind. There the view was that the “waiting period” in the Far East would shortly come to an end and that concrete action toward Japan’s aim of a “new order” in Asia would be expedited. Reports that Thailand would very soon join the Axis and sharpen the crisis in the Paific, centering on Singapore, appeared to be well substantiated.
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events
NOT ALL SO LUCKY
Niagara is to keep its beauty, but the upper stretches of the SL Lawrence are due for some sad treatment if, as and when the deep waterways scheme materializes.
BALKAN FRONT IS STAGE OF MAJOR WAR DRAMA
Ugly, Poorly Built Homes Lack Value
Failure to design buildings of attractive architectural style is an evil which must be combatted to improve conditions of home ownership, according to authorities.
Other conditions which make for poor mortgage security are bad construction, poor workmanship, improper use of materials, or, use of inferior materials, and inefficient or objectionable room proportion and arrangement.
—Stratford Beacon-Hehald EXTREMELY DANGEROUS
It is unlawful for a pedestrian to stand on the travelled portion of a roadway to beg rides or sell articles
dangerous to stand or idle in any roadway where motor traffic
of the idle French Army in Morocco.
“People of the Empire should be profoundly grateful that in the Nazi path Greece and Yugoslavia have become active obstacles. But the chief obstacle to Nazi bitions is ptill Britain .
The threat of invasion of her own island has not passed; that danger will grow as the spring advances Battle of the Atlantic, yet to be won, is the most vital struggle of all."—Prime Minister Mackenzie King.
At Turkey’s Back Door
But Germany could never conquer the Mediterranean unless Turkey were first put out of the picture, either by military conquest or by diplomacy. The proAxis coup in Iraq last week placed Turkey in a doubly dangerous position—German air bases could now be located at her back door. It was believed that Hitler would shortly demand that Turkey betray her alliances or be herself attacked
The young at first are very tiny and live on the egg sack which is still attached to their bodies. In a week or so they have grown considerably and have absorbed the remainder of the yolk. They are now ready to feed and rise to the surface. The male bass seems to know that his job is finished and he drives into the school scattering them in all directions. This is why we find young bass in July scattered all through the shallow waters if the hatch has been successful for that year.
It is alsio extremely
passes
—Hamilton Spectator THINK NATIONALLY A Member of Parliament from Saskatchewan claims that, but for the development of the Western Provinces, Ontario would still be a backwoods district highly theoretical statement, but in any case it would be better for this and all M.P.’a to think in terms not of the West or of Ontario, but in terms of the Dominion of Canada.
scouting ..
Tb.
The Book Shelf
The proceeds of a “single dog derby” for boys and girls of Rouyn and Noranda of 16 yean and under, sponsored by the Noranda Firemen, went to the camping funds of the Rouyn-Noranda Scouts. Rules for the race barred
the use of whips.
# $. $
An indoor campfire program, conducted in the main hall of St. John’s Church, Peterborough, was the entertainment feature of
This is a
¦ •
In the latter event, there was no question that Turkey would defend herself with all the force she could muster
“NEW IMPROVED CULBERTSON SYSTEM” (1941)
Here are the latest rules in contract bridge summarized for you by Ely Culbertson himself. The first basic changes that have been made in the Culbertson System in six years are completely described in this little book. With its help, you can play with any partner, whether average player, advanced, or expert. ($1.35).
“CONTRACT BRIDGE SELFTEACHER”
By Ely Culbertson
The world’s greatest authority on contract bridge, in an entirely new book on the game, has simplified bidding and play so that anyone can now learn expert methods easily and quickly. 39 clear lessons teach you how—and 86 practice drills. All you need Is a book and pencil. ($1.35).
Toronto; John C. Winston Co. Limited, Publishers.
At the start of the tremendous war drama in the Balkans, an initial series of triumphs for the German military machine in both Yugoslavia and Greece appeared all but inevitable.
Hitler Must Act Fast
Far from inevitable, however, (wrote Edward Bomar of the Associated Press) was it that such victories as the early capture of Belgrade and the overrunning of the Yugoslavs’ richest areas would be followed by the smashing of all obstacles to the Nazi drive to the east. “Only the verdict of fateful battles to the south could decide whether Hitler’s generals would be able to match in the Balkans the quick victories won in the Low Countries and in France last year,” Mr. Bomar continued, in one of the clearest analyses of the situation made last week. “They are forced by necessity to try to execute in a hurry Hitler’s injunction to smash the dangerous new British-Greek-Serb alliance and drive the British forces from southeastern Europe. With United States aid increasing steadily though slowly, time is no ally of the Nazis . . . Germany is faced with the necessity of a quick decision to avoid the alternative of a long struggle with its perils that Turkey and even Russia might join the foes.”
Most military observers saw in the Balkan campaign the major part of an attempt to wrest control of the entire Mediterranean from Britain and to win the war this year. Another part of the same drive was the new Nazi campaign in Libya which might develop into a drive to close the Mediterranean at Gibraltar * from the south (instead of from Spain)—with or without the aid
Last
week though still non-belligerent, Turkey was helping the anti-Axis allies in more ways than , one, chief of which consisted in keeping the Bulgarian army immobilized. (British quarters hinted last week in Istanbul that Turkey might declare war soon suggested she would remain on the defensive, but could permit Britain to use Turkish air bases and to move warships through the Dardanelles into the Black Sea.) U S. Approaches Zero Hour In Washington last week, the opinion of most observers was that April was likely to be the month for events which would send the United States into the It was thought that the
Canada’s Railways Increase Revenue
Brantford Expositor
“You can no more regiment turn than Hitler can regiment love/'
—Cornelia Otis Skinner
Gross Intake During 1940 Was The Beet In A Decade— Freight Trains Earned Much More
They
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher
Gross revenues of Canadian railways during 1940 soared to their highest point since 1930, reaching $424,820,629, compared with $368,325,824 in 1939, the Dominion Bureau of Statistics has reported.
At the same time, operating expenses were heavier than during the previous year by $29,605,907, transportation expenses were up $18,550,669 and maintenance expenses higher by $16,348,049 the report said.
*4

. . r
//Irm

war
U.S., if any ruptures in foreign relations were made, would break with Italy first, then Germany. Before another month was up, observers said, the American nation would be very close to the state of actual belligerency state of war can and may be established without formal declaration. The future war role of the United States was just about at the zero hour.
V
t
z*
• •
•.
#
k

» *
\
, »
Dogs Going Into Action On Birds
Expenses Heavier
The operating income was increased by $27,606,404, from $46,649,265 to $74,155,656.
Freight traffic measured in ton-miles was heavier than in 1989 by 20.5 per cent., and pas* senger miles increased by 24.6 per cent. Total payroll increased by $13,091,277, from $191,101,727 to $204,193,004, for an erage of 121,009 employees in 1939 and 127,028 in 1940.
Freight trains earned 16 cents more per train-mile than in 1939 and carried 34.9 more tons of revenue freight. Passenger trains showed higher earnings per train-mile of 30 cents and carried 10.5 more passengers per train-mile.
C.N.R. Revenue up 22.7%
Of the gross revenue totals, $212,800,711 was made up of Canadian National Railways ings, which showed a 22.7 cent, increase from the 1939 figure of $173,059,119.
Canadian Pacific Railway Company gross revenues towards the total were $171,535,474— a 12.7 per cent increase from $152,148,993 in 1939.
»

a
i

Spring Field Trials of Ontario Bird Dog Association Are Being Held at Niagara-on-the-Lake Next Week-end
%
%
v
Matsuoka to Moscow
Japan’s Foreign Minister Matsuoka left Berlin “suddenly” last week for home, having been entertained in two Axis capitals to several exhibitions of fireworks that went “pfft!” (Italy’s Ionian Sea disaster in an engagement with the British Navy and Yugoslavia’s stand against Germany). En route back to Japan, Matsuoka stopped off in Moscow again for an important appointment relative to negotiation of a Russo-Japanese non-aggression pact. His meeting there with Soviet officials
A • /<
gouges
'<11	I d
* *
to
av-
The cream of the bird dogs in Ontario will display their wares at Nlagara-on-the-Lake on April 19th and 20th, when the Ontario Bird Dog Association will hold its sixth Annual Spring Field Trials.
Spaniels, Setters and Pointers will be seen in action on birds.
The first stake to be run on Saturday, the 19th, Is an open event for Pointer and Setter puppies and seme likely contenders are expected to take the field. This trial is scheduled for 1 o’clock.
?
'fh*
v/e*
%
\

\

* .
#
4#
" •• •
3-is
% ^
(Oeyyri«fct, IS# k?
earn
“Doin’ yer plowin’ early, ain’tcha, pardner?*’
per
REG’LAR FELLERS—The Opportunist
By GENE BYRNES
=/ THAT 8 VERY NICeN yy PINHEAD f NOW \0/> CO BACK AND ÇET
ANOTHER
LOAD/__-
SÎARTIN^TC
RAIN
f THE HUDSONS AREX MOVIN'	p-
, AN' I'M QETT1N K. v TEN CENTS TO bXL HELP/
1 IIM

I
I
A
6
Pine Cone Found
In Spruce Wood
I
I
I
I
t
• #
While sawing a piece of spruce wood, John Walker, of Windsor, came across an unusual formation. Inside of the wood was found a piece of pine cone which had apparently been lodged there quite a number of years a cone had turned to a ruddy color but was still in an excellent stats 9Î prewivauon.


\
u
i
\
X
'.U.I

t II
x
w|
•I
%


M1' ii
/
The
(
«1
j n
v

-5
** u & p*
###PAGE###3###
Her Profession : Advertising
Table Talks
Relaxed Knees Help Carriage
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS

rwiiw
Pledge for War Savings
A Company Dinner
served for enjoying her guests to the utmost, v With all this in mind I offer you this menu:—


?
Stiff, Awkward Leg Muscles Mean An Ungainly Walk



FF

As



“Stiff, awkward legs—particularly in the region of the knees— make for graceless carriage,” says Nadino Gae, attractive little danc-
No woman can stand,
A



Apple Juice

ing star
sit, walk or dance gracefully if her leg muscles are tense."
Miss Gae thinks that relaxation exercises are the answer to this problem. Here are directions for a routine that she advocates and which she does regularly:	^
back on the
Baked Potatoes
Creamed Pork Chops
Glazed Onions
Whole Wheat Muffins and Butter Pea and Carrot Salad Maple Cream Dessert Date Loaf .	. Coffee
After Dinner Mints

:
b/

“If he stays till September 1st, he’ll want to give the bride away. And I want to give the bride away.”
With a grin, Dr. Gillespie whirled his chair about and wheeled himsolf off.
Nothing to Prevent
Jimmy, a happy smile lighting his face, entered Doug’s room. Mary ran from her brother’s bedside to greet him. “Jimmy!” she cried throwing her arms about him, “have you talked to Dr. Gillespie?”	y
“I have,” he beamed, “and everybody’s going to be alright. And there’s absolutely nothing to keep us from turning into a pair of pretty healthy grandparents--”
“And,” Doug interposed, “since the wedding is back on the calendar, there’s absolutely nothing to keep me from getting a new suit of store clothes to give the bride away in.”
Jimmy nodded, but him smile was forced. There it was other problem to be faced. For, in his mind, he pictured just exactly what Dr. Gillespie was doing at the very moment.
And he was right.
The Old Man was sitting before a mirror, his battered trunk open before him. Gingerly he extracted from mothballs the shabby silk hat and morning suit he hadn’t worn for many a year. He put the hat on his head and stared at himself in the mirror.
“I’ll be the best-dressed bride-giver-away this town’s ever seen !" he grinned and with a smart tap, established his hat at. a jauntily rakish angle.
DR. KILDARE’S
J
Lie flat on y oui floor with ankles about a foot apart. Try to vélax the entire body as much as possible. Now, without bending knee, but without stiffening It unnecessarily, lift right leg about a foot off the floor, then let It fall. Repeat, lifting left leg and then letting it fall to the floor. To ke»ep heels from getting bumped during this exercise, place a thin pillow on the floor under them.
CRISIS
2 tablespoons chopped olives 2 chopped hard boiled eggs Drain peas—grate carrot and chop <fthev ingredients. Just before serving toss all together with your favorite mayonnaise. Sprinkle chopped egg on top— Also attractive is some chopped parsley or water cress added.
MAPLE CREAM DESSERT
2 tablespoons granulated gelatine
% cup cold water
1	cup milk
2	egg yolks
% teaspoon salt % cup maple syrup % cup chopped nut meats 1 cup whipped cream Vi cup marshmallows diced.
Soften the gelatine in the cold water
water; add a small amount of it slowly to the egg yolk—Return to the milk remaining in the double boiler and cook until the mixture coats the spoon. In the meantime stir in the salt and maple syrup.
CREAMED PORK CHOPS
Pan brown the chops and then place them in a shallow dish — sprinkle with salt, pepper and a dust of sage. Sprinkle thickly with finely-ground bread crumbs. Dot with butter—bake in hot oven until crumbs are lightly browned then add enough water to keep from sticking—Cook 30 minutes —then add 1 can of condensed
Cook 10 min-
»
Adapted from the f Metro- Goldtvyn-Mayer
Picture
Miss Hazel Kelly has been appointed manager of the Toronto office of Stevenson 6 Scott Ltd., Montreal Toronto branch when it opened in 1938 and before that was space buyer with Financial Advertising Co. of Canada Ltd.
Miss Kelly joined the
h
Gertrude Gelbin
FOR SLIM WAISTLINE Always remember to think of your legs as springs for your body," the dancer concludes. “Don't let your torso sag against hip joints. Keep the upper part of your body up and away from the lower half. This will make your waistline slimmer and your carriage more attractive.”
“We don’t sec enough of each ether Molly,” he said.
“If I were twenty years younger, I’d be flattered,” was her ami we r. “But 1 know you, Walter. You want me to talk.”
“That’s it,” he admitted sheep-
mushroom soup utes longer.
It’s Fairly Easy To Keep Slim
GLAZED ONIONS
2 dozen small white onions 2 tablespoons butter 6 tablespoons sugar 2 teaspoons water Peel onions; cook in boiling salted water until tender. Drain; %elt butter, add sugar and water. Add onions, simmer to brown and glaze.
PEA AND CARROT SALAD
2 cups small canned peas
1	cup grated carrot
% cup finely chopped celery
2	tablespoons chopped onion
Establishing Right.Food Habits Is Most Important .
ishly
“What’s it this tme?” she de
Once you are slim after extensive dieting, writes Alice Wade Robinson, you will have to hang on to a few of the principles of right eating in order to stay slim. If pou go back to your old ways, you will pick up the 10 or so lost pounds faster than you lost them I Slimming down should have given you > good start toward changing your food habits, however, and when slim food habita well established you won’t have to worry about your weight.
SKIP THE DESSERT In the meantime, here is a weight stabilizing trick that will help you to control the (rales without counting the calories too closely. You are not apt to Overeat of the protective foods, Such as eggs, lean meat, and you won’t have to keep an eye on those. But you may be inclined to over-eat on bread, potatoes and desserts; so make it a strict rule to limit yourself to one out of the three. When you have bread, leave off the potatoes and the dessert— other than fresh fruit—for that
meal H have the dessert, skip the other
two.
mandea.
“Dr. Gillespie had s brain operation performed on a patient who turns out to be Nurse Lament's brother.”
Talking As A Friend
“Ask Dr. Gillespie about that,” she said rigidly.
“No,” he countered. “I’m ask-My policy is never to
Scald the milk over hot
i
Women Like Warmer Air, Science Finds
an
Science has proved a fact which men have suspected for a long time—that women like the room temperature considerably higher than is comfortable for the men.
ing you
pry .into personal affairs of our So, please, Molly. Can’t I talk to you as a friend?”
She looked at him sharply. There was no denying the genuine
“Al-
Household Hints
A Spring Riddle
staff
F. C. Houghton, director of the American Society of Heating and Ventilating Engineers’ research laboratory, spent a year recording the reactions of persons under different temperature and heating conditions to prove the contention.
are
What comes in spring, A welcome thing,
Rut doesn’t ever stay?
Sew tape to the four corners of your ironing blanket and tie them firmly to the table legs; it saves any annoying wrinkles on the blanket.
sincerity of his concern right,’ she answered, friend.”
“Well—I just wanted you to tell me if there is anything I aught to know about the Lament ease—just so maybe I can help keep everybody out of trouble?”
“No trouble,” she said, grateful for his offer. “No mystery. Just no necessity for broadcast-You’re a doctor — you’ll understand. The boy warn epileptic — but not the hereditary type, thank goodness.”
“Traumatic? From an injury?”
“Yes,” she nodded. “A piece ef bone was pressing on his brain.”
“Still epilepsy,” he said soberly. “but in that case curable.”
By the end of the week, Dr. Gillespie was assuring Jimmy that the operation promised full success. Certainly the wholesome, coherent and level headed invalid who answered to the name ef Douglas Lamont seemed a likeable, average young man. There was + nothing of the financial genius or the desperately despondent person in the manner in which he was accepting the post-
“ Shoot,
Upon its back A small black cap.
Its fuzzy coat is gray
*
Make sure the feathers won’t work through your new pillow ticking by waxing the inside of the cover, ironing it with a hot rubbed ove* beeswax and
The reason, he said, is obvious. Women just don’t wear as many clothes.
it grows a pace,
And in a trace,
Some yellow dust is there
/
THE END
iron
ironing the beeswax every time before pressing the material.
Circumstantial Evidence
. 4
Pointa to her fiancee the mur dorer
before the discovery of the two
but signs of a hypodermic needle link the crime with someone else . . .
Read the Sensational Myetery
Four Generations
In springtime’s sun,
it has begun
To curl its yellow hair
mg
Four generations of a family are working in a Dartford (England) engineering works. They are Mr. William Smee (78), Mr. William Smee, jun. (57), Mr. George Smee (37), and Kenneth Smee (14).
Straighten bent knitting needles that have done overtime for the troops by plunging them into boiling water or holding them in hot steam, straightening with the fingers and then leaving in cold water to harden.
he leaves the party early
!
Then off it drops And never stops To bid a fond adieu.
lies

Or, if you would rather
I hope next spring The same soft thing Will visit us, don’t you?
Musical Milk
a
Penthouse
The quickest way to blanch almonds is to put them in cold water, bring it to a boil and then put them into cold water again at once; the skins will rub off in a twinkling.
• * *
If you slop hot fat on to the kitchen table or floor, dash cold water on it at once; this sets it before it has time to penetrate the wood and makes it easy to
scrape off later.
# # *
A lump of sugar put into the ! teapot with the tea prevents it from staining the tea cloth; any spilt tea will come out in the
wash quite easily if you do this.
# $ $
Avoid any risk of burning accidents by making thin cotton or flannelette materials used for kiddies’ fancy dresses or decoration purposes non-inflammable in this way
material and squeeze, it dry, then soak for a few minutes in 2 ozs. alum dissolved in 1 quart of boiling water and used when cool; hang out to dry without
wringing or mangling.
* * *
if your coal cellar has a window or an outside door, leave it open; the more fresh air coal gets, the less of its gas it lose* and, consequently, burns longer and brighter.
HEADED TOWARD SPRING
Three New Hats
Swing music on the radio made cows at Trinidad (Colorado) produce milk giving am extra pint of cream a day.
Murder”
Starting Next Week
—Ruth Tewksbury Bjorkman ( Answer: Pussywillow)
It’s The Fastest
Of All Things
Fashion Flashes
DOUBLE-ACTING
The fastest thing on this earth is the gyroscope, some types of which whirl round at 47,000 revolutions a minute. This means that any point on the circumference is moving at 65.8 miles a minute! The principle of the gyroscope has been known for centuries, and many boys own toy gyroscopes. It was from one of these that Elmer A. Sperry, inventor of the Sperry Gyroscope^ got his idea. Gyroscopes are used mainly in mono-rail trains, air liners, and huge sea-going steamships, and they range in weight from 60 lb. to more than 100 tons. Those in huge liners are installed in a special room and are looked after by an expert, because they increase the speed of the ship, prevent rolling, and prevent sea sickness.
Slips and petticoats for spring are colorful in prints, dots, stripes, floral prints and dots, more bold in outline and in color mixtures, while the range of pastels is used in dots against dark grounds, navy, black, deep red . . The shops show candy striped taffeta petticoats feta slips colors in taffeta slips and petticoats, with the following given preference in the monotones: Dusty rose, deep pinks, opaline, tea rose, light and dark blues, bright greens and black.

3mtr
SAvm
on mm
2
operative inconveniences.
“I think he’s going to be alright,” Gillespie said firmly. "And aow you see, Jimmy, why doctors don’t like to have their own loved ones for patients. No doctor can see clearly every aspect of a case when his eyes are clouded by love and emotion.”
“He’ll Be All Right”
“It’s true in this case,” Jimmy • “When I questioned,
I
«
i
* •
mm

dotted taf-as well as bright





«
A
agreed
Douglas about any injury during the past three years, I failed completely to see that he was evading the issue misting he hadn’t lost a day’s work in five years hadn’t involved Mary, I might have picked up that tiny clue.”
“Nothing is tiny in medicine, Dr. Kildare,” corrected
“Twenty-two

t
Wash and rinse the
%
v %'


Slimness with movement is expressed in pleats in skirts, with wide box versions noted, also in concentrated front fullness, with soft gathers and fine tucks registering. Frequently fullness develops from below the waistline, from a section suggesting a yoke, with this same curved or pointed outline repeated in the bodice, in a shoulder yoke.
cleverly in-
Z

If it all

YOU USE LESS
HESUtTj

"Know# Hi# Onion#"
i

young epgi Gillespie sternly microbes that could play football •n the head of a pin could destroy the body of a two hundred pound fullback.”
“Would it be unethical for me to know why Douglas wanted to hide him injury?” Jimmy asked.
“No,” smiled Gillespie. “Douglas wouldn’t admit the injury because, disturbed over the amazing things that were happening to him, he was afraid any doctor would diagnose him as insane.”
“Do you know,” Jimmy said quickly, “in the early stages I had a fear he was crazy?”
“Sometimes I think everybody’s crazy !” Gillespie barked. “Now— you go in and see him and see that he gets home as soon as he can travel.”
“Is it that urgent?” Jimmy questioned in surprise.
“Sure,” responded Gillespie.

Mr. H. J. Hutchinson, of Selby, England, has gathered 2 cwt. of onions after sowing 12 oz. of seed—a 3,000-fold increase.
X
X


B
ï .
New jackets are sometimes boxy, sometimes easily fitted, and skirts show definite approval of pleats, but always with accent on smooth hipllnes.

It’s the doublé-action of
Calumet Baking Powder that permits you to use less, and still get better remits.
Calumet gives continuous leavening—during mixing and
m the oven. Easy-opening, won t-spill container, with iy measuring device under | lid. AND THE PRICE IS SURPRISINGLY LOW.

This Coupon Worth $4.11
Start The Day With Bran Griddle Cake»
latest
our
Autolimite Television Type
PRESTO—Push the button, watch It fill.
This coupon and only .89c entitles the sender to one of our reg. $5 Television Fountain Pens. with a written life guaran- QQr tec. for only...... ^
2793
%«

I.
Here’s a trio of breakfast delights to keep you singing all day long—bacon, bran griddle cakes, and a cup of steaming hot coffee! Spread with melting butter and maple syrup* these modern flapjacks are music to the appetite at any time plenty of encores!
BRAN GRIDDLE CAKES
2	eggs
M cup sugar 2% cups milk
3	cups flour
2 tablespoons baking powder l&s teaspoons salt % cup shortening % cup All-Bran
Beat eggs and sugar until light and fluffy ; add milk and mix well. Sift flour with baking powder and salt; add to first mixture, stirring until flour disappears. Add melted and cooled shortening. Fold in All-Bran. Bake on hot griddle, turning only once.
Yield: 16 griddle cakes (5V4 inches in diameter).
Separate dresses have an important look, sometimes all-over tucked, with novelty tuckings, and especially attractive in sheets, extending from neckline to hem, and the finest sort of tucks make decorative scroll designs on crepe afternoon dresses print idea is carried out in costumes with the sheer print veiling the crepe. .
hai
By Louise Lennox
Do you feel as though a new hat is just what you need to make your wardrobe take on new life and chic? These smart Spring styles are so easy to make for yourself, and so economical, too. Wear the halo beret back on your head to show off your sleek pompadour. The flat beret has soft gathers around the crown for interest and the draped calot with a bow can be made to match or contrast with any dreas.
Style No. 2793 ia designed for one size, adaptable to any head ¦ize. View A requires # yard of 35-inch fabric; View B, % yard; View C, % yard
r#
I
the
Llf
m
Push the Button
so be prepared for
The twin-
Aoy 3 initials engraved on this pen in gold leaf only 10c extra. Names above 3 letters. 5c extra per group 3 letters.
x
(
mm
i
I
:
This pen free If you can purchase one like It elsewhere for less.than $5.
Coupon in good only while advertising sale le on.
Limit: 3 pens to one coupon
Mee’i Style he# Him# Clip
The necklace silhouette; hats of shimmering plastics; sombreros; wide, off-the-face brims on wool lace crowns; plaided taffeta hats are seen.
ê
lx
®°ueu-Acnw#
«4KIN6
p0 tVDff
See It Fill!


Eleanor Arrives
Pena come brown, green, grey or black.
Send 5c extra for postage
Hear. SI.*# Peaell». le CQr usait*Is I'ee. Rxtia ..
Sumo Initials free on pencil with purchase of set.
m Slow Buminq
I CIGARETTE PAPERS
I	* ONE nut* MAM

i
e
Send twenty cents (20c), (coin is preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your name, address and London style number. Be sure to state
size you wish.
An airman’s wife has given birth to a girl in the waiting-room at Peterborough North (England) Station. The station master suggested naming the baby Eleanor ( L.N.E.R North Eastern Railway). She was
ISSUE 16—’41
//#
a
i Starr Pen Co., Regina
13
###PAGE###4###
<<y
2KÀ
pper Ottawa Improvement Company, Limited
The U
Hodgins Garage
THE EQUITY
Tariff for Season 1941
TOLLS
SbawviÜe, Apiil 21th, 1941
We offer while present stock lasts
k
Per 1.000
On Sawings 17 feet and under Ft. B.M
Chevrolet,
Sales
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Cts
Pontiac Rural Telephone
Through Quinze Boom .......
“	Opemican Boom ...
‘	Des Joachims Boom
“	Fort William Boom
“	Culbute Boom ....
44	Melon Chenail Boom
Passing Lapasse Boom.......
Through Quio Boom..........
— w Thomson Bay Boom
Chaudière Assorting Boom 13 Booms from Head Des -chenes Rapids (North Side)
to Head Hull Slide---
Boom at Outlet of Hull Slide ...............
1(
Of)
5(i
B
April 19, 1941
The Directors of the Pontiac Rural Telephone Co., Ltd., met in the Telephone Office at three o’clock on the
above
Present were dent ; R. J. Tracy, vice president, and directors, T. C. Elliott, Alex Hay ley, Otto Hahn, A. Sly, R Sheppard, H. Beattie and Dr. S. E. McDowell.
The mi on tes of last meeting were read and approved on motion of R. J. Tracy and Otto Hahn.
* Motion—T. C. Elliott and H. Beattie, that the bills as read be passed.—Carried
Mr. R. W. Hodgins appeared before the Board advising some new improve ments be made re. telephone service.
• Motion —Dr. S. E. McDowell and T. C. Elliott, that this Board re engage the same lineman, secretary and caretaker at the same salary and that the Board supply him with an asssistant secretary for three months.—Carried.
Motion—R. J. Tracy and Robert Sheppard, that Thos. Eades, A. fcly and the secretary interview officials of the Gatineau Power Co, re. disturbance on Bristol line, caused by the new power
50
s
15
Winnipeg Nelson Golden West Three Stars
Your choice of any the above for only
++*+***+***+++**** ***********+*****************++*
s
10
25
6
Free Show
2(
Thos. Eides, presi
our
17
75

Bigger and Better than ver
McCormicK-Deering Power Farming Entertainment
Free Sound Movies
f And other enjoyable features
Shawville Theatre Tuesday, April 29th
Children’s show at three o'clock p, m. Farmers’ show at eight o’clock, p. m.
$1.00
Boom Working Rates
of

Per 1,000
On Saw logs 17 feet and under Ft. B.M
Cts
Through Quinze Boom
41	Opemican Boom.........
41	Des JûHchims Room ...
44	Fort William Boom-----
44	Culbute Boom..........
44	Melons Qhenail Boom —
44	Reid Island Boom, includ
ing sweeping in Calumet Chenail 70
44	Chenaux Bconi............ 50
44	Quio Boom ... , ^
44	Thomson Bay Boom
44	Chaudière Assorting Boom 45
44	Booms from Head Des-
chenes Radids (North Side) to Head Hull Slide... $1.00
Towing and Operating Bates
15
80
80
$2.50 per 981b bag
80
50
15
50
60
line
Motion—A. Sly, to adjourn
THE SHAWVILLE NUUK Cl, BEC'D
H E. Elliott. Secretary Treasurer
Per 1,000
On Sawings 17 feet and under Ft. B.M. From —
White River, Quinze at Otter
Creek to Opemican. . ;...
April 7th, 1941 I Montreal River to Opemican..
of the Bristol Kippewa River to Opemican
McLaren Bay to Opemican..
Head Long Sault to Des
Joachims .. .. ..........
Jocko Creek to Des Joachims Snake Creek to. Des Joachims Maltawa to Des Joachims...,
Klocks to Des Joachims ....
Magnissipi to Des Joachims . .
Head Rocker Capitaine to
Des Joachims.............
Du moi ne River to Des Joachims
Towing Rates
Bristol Council
$ 1 65
1 15
93
J. L. HODGINS
The regular session Council was held on the above date. Present Mayor McLellan and Councillors Beattie, Ballantyne, Duff, Fnz-siioons and Orr
The minutes of the last meeting were
motion of Fitz-
17
Cemetery Memorials
I
3 00 2 55 2 25
Phone 64-J.


1 80
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble
read and adopted simons and Beattie were adopted.
Motion by Duff— Ballantyne that the following roadforemen be appointed.
on
1 50
1 35
*
ESTABLISHED 1883
1 18
Get Our Prices Before Buying* Elsewhere
H. H Walsh 39 Ebert Beattie 33 Joseph Rooney 42 Jack McKay
38
Division No. 11
INVALID
COACH
»
A large and distinctive Stock to choose from
Per 1,000
On Saw logs 17 feet and#under Ft. H.M.
Motion by Beattie and Fitzsnnons that a donation of 8200 be m.ide to the Canadian War Services Fund.—Carried • Motion by Ballantyne and Orr that Mayor McLellan be appointed to auction the building of the balance of John |	,
Street on Range 1 on Tuesday, April 15th, at 2 o’clock in the afternoon.
Correspondence was read from J. R Rudd, Sec.-Treas of the Norway Bay Municipal Association regarding the purchase of fire fighting equipment for J ,
Norway Bay : Motion by Duff—Orr that Cr. Beattie and the Sec-Treas. be appointed to represent this board to act with J. R. Rudd and S. D. Gamble to represent the Norway Bay Municipal Association to look over fire fighting equipment that might be suitable for Norway Bay.—Carried
j.Cr. Henderson took his seat	.	.HIMÜHHI
v Motion by Fllzsimoos—Henderson I logs 17 feet and under on the foregoing tiiat paragraph 5 of the instructions to stretches will be : road inspectors be stroked out by the Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce Sec.-Treas.—Carried	and Hemlock, square or waney board,
Motion by Ballantyne—Henderson per 1,000 cubic feet, 15 Sawlog Rates, that the following bills be approved and Red and White Pint, Tamarac, Spruce paid	acf Hemlock, round or flatted, over 17
R P Eades, spikes______ .	. $	1 90 feet and under 30 feet long, per 1,000 ft.
Robt. Fitzsiraona............. 15	58	R M lj Sawlog Rate?.
J. O’Rielly, gravel............. 1	50	lied and WhiteJPme, Tamarac,bpruçe
Wm. Kehoe, fill................ 6	00	and Hemlock, round or flatted, 30	feet
'Provincial Blank Forms.. ...	8	01	*nd upwards in length, per 1,000	feet
Geo. E Lucas, squares.......	5	84	B M., 1 $ Sawlog Rates.
Charley Fraser ............. 3 00 Cords of wood, Shingle Bolts, and
It was also motioned that dog taxes ^ lumber, per cord 6( 128 cubic 'carried1 ** 4	Oakf Elm. Poplar or other hardwoods,
Steamers
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Cts
Phone, 278
Towing around Opemican Boom.. From—
44 Des Joachims to Fort William
Boom....................
Schyan to Fort William Boom 60 44 Fort William to Pembroke ..
“ Petawawa to Culbute .......
44 Petawawa to Pembroke.......
1 Melons Chenail Boom to Lapasse .. .................* ..
Chenaux Boom to Braeside “ Chenaux Boom to Arnprior or
Chats Rapids............
44 Quio Boom and Mohr Island Boom to Aylmer or Des-chenes Rapids .. :.. ...
“ Quio Boom to Mohr Island Boom..........................
05
Directors of Funeral Service
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
90
V
Shawville, Que.
50
374
Phone 8)
50
3 J
33
De Laval
Sales & Service
50

50

03

m

The Rates on timber other than Saw
l
World’s Standard Separators
4 sizes
Junior Series--5 sizes Electro Series--2 sices
Oil and Repairs
Clifford Cone
Phone 36
Shawville - Que.


¦A1
l\'\
in

CANADIAN
SCHOOLS
GluMn&n gaJz
2ueitio+vL
V
Sa
y
f®

z
Soys and «iris are encouraged to ask questions in Canadian schools.
Muskrat Skins Wanted
H. I. Smith Secret ary-Treas
I
They are not forced to accept false principles and theories with-
i Spring Muskrat Skins Wanted 11 00 Highest market prices paid.
9 00 j
7 00 ! Phone 43 6 00 5 00 4 00 3 50 3 00
Alexander and Lady Minto $15 00
Hiram Robinson.........
Pembroke...............
Wabis and Pollux .......
Beaver, Alert and Castor G. B. Pattee II and Mink
Muskrat ................
Samson and Hercules ....
Seal ...................
Ella ................
out challenge.
This is the freedom of democracy . . . the freedom we are fighting to maintain. What a difference this from the fetters that a Nazi victory would impose on Canada and on the world!
So... you who want your children to be educated in schools where freedom of thought and action is allowed and encouraged ... do your part to help to win the war.
Keep up YOUR PLEDGE! Increase Your Regular Investments In
N R. HORNER,
Shawville, Que

2
Correspondence
u
n

Editor Equity,
Shawville, Que.
Dear Sir In The Equity of April lplh, in was stated in connection with tSe War Services Drive that South Ohslow subscribed $200. and Quyon $200. •
X
•J I
Mystery Gift Checks Stop The days of angelic blessing for 2 00 persons of Ava, Mo., this Ozark Short stretch Towing to be charged mountain community, appear to be by the hour when deemed advisable.
E. C. WOOLSEY,
Secretary
«
A.
# # #
/

Jiiùfy / \
&

i
at an end. Not since May, 1940, has' one of the puzzling "angel of Ava" checks been received. Ava I enjoyed national publicity during the I first few months of the year when opening the day’s mail was something like searching for gold in a nugget-sprinkled creek bed. The „ ‘angel” passed out more than $1,000 by approximate reckoning to folks • living in this community by way of cashier’s checks. The mayor got the last one in May. All efforts to probe behind the checks and dis->cover the	identity	have
Lawn Brothers Ltd., a body politic] failed. But it does look as though duly incorporated, having its head that nebulous individual may now office and principal place of business live in Kansas City, all except one in the Village of Campbell’s Bay, dis | of the checks was purchased in Kan-trict of Pontiac, Plaintiff

I regret that these items were not correctly raported to you as the contribution from South Onslow Council was $350. and from Quyon Council $50.
No. canvassing of individuals was done in these municipalities due, in the case of South Onslow, to the condition ;of rural roads at that time, hence the I- Canada A liberal contribution from our township ! Province of Quebec I
Yours very truly.
S. W. MacKecbnie,
Wyman, Que of South Onslow

l
WJ



NOTICE
3
\
# e #


%
q
WAR SAVINGS CERTIFICATES




Remember when Victory is won your dollars come bar It to you with compound Interest. The you «ve and lend, the better for Canada ) NOVt the better for you THEN.
PubUthnl by tfu War Savin# Commiu**. Ouaum

District of Pontiac No. 2235
« %
riagistraîe Court -Pontiac
Mayor
% $ \MÊk
Notice of Meeting
I
sas City
z
9
, A meeting will be held on Thursday .
eyening, April 24th, at 8 o’clock in the B. J. Lawn, of Kirkland Lake, in the Clubhouse of the Bristol Golf Course, at ! province of Ontario, and presently at which timely agricultural topics will bel Toronto, said Province of Ontario,
(focussed,	Tnrough the use Sound I Defendant.	| j short time after it heads but later
Films, control measures for the European The Defendant is ordered to appear on we pay a high price for its Corn Borer will be explained and illus ! within one month.	beauty. Mowing closely twice a
tfated. In addition to the Corn Borer * Campbell’s Bay, this 15th day of j summer usually keeps it from seed-lâenace, the bacon hog question will be April 1941 discussed. All interested citizens are
invited.
vs

S


Lt*
Mowing Barley Twice
Wild barley is a pretty plant for
V



;ng much and gradually weakens the roots, permitting better grasses to take possession, unless on very hard dry areas.

96
mÈ&
ALPHONSE MARTINEAU
Clerk of Magistrate’s Court District of Pontiac

7
Bristol Farmers’ Club
%
X
u

«
%
\
X
x
X
x
X
V
\
X
X
\
\
X
h
X
\
X
N
\
X
\
X
X
\
\
X
—
X
X
\
X
X
\
X
X
X
X
X

X
X
X

X
X
X
5
X
X
s

s

X

i #
m

M
%







#

'
III

\
/iziziyixizizixjz i zizizizi
ZlZVl
###PAGE###5###
I
I
w
m

Spring is Here

?

K
Win a FREE
FARMERS TO KNOW THE
%
I
Congoleum

*v\
m
/
Dress tip in a made-to-measure suit, tailored by Fil th Bros., of Hamilton, Ont.
Priced from
Mr-
m
mii

1
I CET FROM THIS
SEPARATOR /"'
#
>
f
$24.78 to $39.»'
Gold
Rug

.àm
i
Seal
New Shoes, Brown or Black
Oxfords
m
I
I
$5.00

In this new WORD GAME
April 25 — May 3
Sâk
H

Price..

J
A
Forsyth Shirts, Ties, Socks, Underwear, etc.
A


<
Yesî Every farmer who uses Hydro power |p|j should know the time and labor saved by l|g§ the electrically operated Renfrew—or. mm how easy it is to convert a hand-operated li|| Renfrew machine for electric operation.
The timo has passed when electric ma-1|||| chines were considered a luxury on the average farm or a necessity for larger fcgM dairies only. Today it's easy for the average farmer to own a Re frew Electric Separator or obtain at very low cost a compact Renfrew electric drive for any size Renfrew hand machine, The Renfrew man in your neighborhood will demonstrate the many exclusive advantages of these sepa tore—and tell you how easy it is to own one. See him today.
4 T
W
#
Contest ends at closing time
Saturday Night
#
How many 4-letter Words can you , make out of the letters In the x. Two Words shown in our
Window ?
Dry Cleaning
Prompt Delivery


.‘.'A-



n-
Norris R.-Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
MM
:
I
ra-
Service Announcement
Pulpwood Wanted
..----- _	Heater® »
Truck Scale® » Washing Machine®
Here's one of the simplest and certainly one of the most interesting contests for which such a valuable prize was ever offered, to do is see how many 4-letter words you can make out of the letters contained in the two ' words featured on the streamer in our window.
I am prepared to purchase green o peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood F.O.B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways or delivered to road side for pick up by trucks Phone or write,
J. M. ARGUE, Shawville, Que #
Shaw vil rs United Church
Rev A. F. Pokes B. A , R.D. PAStor
Sunday, April 27th
11,00 a.m.—Service at Shawv ille 1.30 p.m.—Service at Zion.
3.00 p.m.—Service at Star k’h Corners “ Salute to Britain ”
7 30 p m.—Service at Shawville
The Kingdom of God "
All you have

--CREAM
SEPARATORS
Phone 743
i
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED RENFREW
SUSSEX N.B.
ONT.
And for doing this the winner, the one who makes the most words, will receive a free Congo-leum Gold Seal Rug during the contest, he or she has the option of taking the prize rug
the full refund on the rug already
ST. JOHNS P.Q.
REGINA SASH.
Raw Furs Wanted
U
LEO. R. KEON
I wish to announce to the public that f am in the market for all kinds of Seasonable Kaw Fur and assure highest mai ket prices.
or
— Bristol United Church
Rev C. Armstrong-Sat.is B.D. Sunday, April 27th Sunday School —10.00 a. m. Service
Knox—Service Tit 2.30 p. m.
Austin—Sunday School 10.30 a. m —Service at 7.30 . p.. m.
receiving
bought
DI STIt ICT R EPEES ENT AT IVE
McKee
NORRIS R HORNER
Licensed Fur Dealer, Shaw ville, Que.
Quebec
Phone, 43
now—then get the this interesting and
Get your entry blank right whole family started on educational word game. You 11 be amazed how easily so many new words keep popping up. Yes, you can get busy with a dictionary too and
it will certainly improve your chance.
11.00 a. m.


3%
fytÿfyiy|yiyiy|yiytyiyiyiylyiyiyiy|yiyiy/.
For Service
X
X
1 The Hodgins Lumber Co.
Registered Shorthorn Bull for service Service for 3 POO.

LLEWELYN HODGINS.
Shawville, Quebec.

# *
ANGLICAN
w. .	St Paul’s
Sunday. April 27th
KkOO a.m.—Sunday School rr.OOa. m. Morning service withdrawn 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer

—
I
liia/isii
x
We are now delivering
• *	*	p ¦	I • vS'L
MILL WOOD
Place your order
at once
Remember, however, that only 4-letter words will be accepted and that the entries must be in later than closing time Saturday night, May 3rd. The winner will be announced in our window early the following week.


X
X
X
X
not
Holy Trinity -
11.00 a. m. Holy Communion
St. Luke’s
2 00 p. m. Evening Prayer
Order Bray Chicks now, and be “lucky” when egg prices climb
Tips is one contest where everyone
has a real chance
?
nest Fall. See me, or phone me.
right away. Personal attention
Canadian Bed Cross Quebec Division
prompt delivery.
Phone 27
• «
JOHN McCREDlE
~ MARYLAND QUEBEC
Phone, Shawville 4—20
The Canadian Red Cross Society is contributing #201)00 to a new and enlarged $30,000 canteen and recreation building at Halifax, according to an announcement re ceived at the headquarters of the Quebec Provincial Division cently.
To date the Canadian Red Cross Society has contributed #2ti6,0C0 for supplies, hospital and recreational facilities for British and Canadian sailors in Halifax This includes $150,000 toward a 750 bed hostel operated by the Y M. 0. A., towatd enlarging a 250 bed Salvation Army hostel and equiping a canteen run by the Knights of Columbus.
More than $40,000 has also been given by the Society for extra supplies for sailors in Halifax. Men of the Canadian Navy and Merchant Marine have received, since the outbreak <f war, mote than 199,000 a rticles of socks sweaters, underwear, wind breakers and other woolen comforts given out at this port. Sailors in the British Navy have received more than 213,100 gifts in woolen comforts.
The hew recreation building and canteens will be erected just outside Halifax on property provided by the Naval Command, and will be the only recreation centre -accomodating sailors who ai e unable to go into Halifax	- *	«
This centre will be operated by the Norlbend Services Canteen whose members are chiefly wives of naval officers. Since the outbreak of war these women have been running the canteen in an church hall for which the Red Cross Society contributed some equipment and renovations.	i
The new project will have a spacious auditorium with stage for concerts which can also her converted into a hall for entertainments and dancing and a can-: teen will also be provided.
The Red Cross donation was" made at the request of Colonel E. A. Deacon, director auxiliary services, Department of National Defence, and ha* the eudorsation of rear admiral Percy Nelles, Chief of Naval Staff at Ottawa, who has stressed the need for such a centre
THE HODGINS LUMBER COMPANY
Get the whole family started on this
contest right now.
t.
Quebec
Shawville,
Wilson's Garage
re-
/ X
The Sami Bailable Serv es
!
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
I.

I
• ^
1
!

Ford Service
MacLean’s
!
Î !
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
RED & WHITE STORE
# I
J. P. Wilson
-t—
Main Street Shawville Quebec
Phone 40
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
I I
r DALE’S TINSHOP
Rose Brand Baking Powder..............
Nri!son!s Cocoa, half pound ...........
Hursley Black, per pound ..............
Maxwell House, Chase & Sand born, or
Gold Medal Coffee, I pound tin ....	59c
(Last shipment at this price )
Kellogg’s All Bran, large............
With glass measuring cup-FREE
Quaker Rolled Oats, large package ...
With glass
Quaker Rolled Oats, plain package ...
Ivory Flour, per bag...............
Maple Leaf Soap Flakes, per package Palm Olive Soap, regular 10c bar, 3 for.. 20c Apples, No. I, Stark, bushel
7 pounds
15c
19c
, TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
FOR SALE
65c
>
Ford Oars, Trucks
-and
Tractors
Come in aqd see our full stock of
1
24c
Frost & Wood farm Implements
FINDLAY
RANGES
E
25c
20c
Connor Washers
( Gasolene and Electric )
$2.85
)
)
18c
%»
• • • •
A stove for every ¦ purpose, in all sizes
$125
(i. A. HOWARD

14
25c
44
41
DEALER

/ -

SHAWVILLE - QUE.
/
###PAGE###6###
ta» v>*fc
An analysis of the debt and savings of the families tindei vey brought out that ,86.3 per cent, of the total number showed increased debt; only 37 families broke even and 62 per cent, of these average earners fo*o money
regularly.
January* 1938, on the initiative of the late Norman Rogers, then minister of labor, was conducted in 12 cities, compiling 46,000 records on 6,262 families coming within certain limitations which made them “typical average families.”
sur-
Noted British Flier Shuttles Between Guaada, Britain
Celebrate June 9 King's ' Birthday
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
A proclamation fixing Monday, June 9—the tame date as last year—for celebration of the King's birthday has been published in the Canada Gazette.
The King's birthday actually falls on December 14, but the official celebration is held in June. His Majesty was 46 last December 14.
LESSON 111
USING WITNESSING POWER Acts 2il
PRINTED TEXT Act* 2«1-4| 4:8-20 GOLDEN TEXT
all filled with the Holy Spirit, and they spake the word of God with
boldness. Acts 4:81.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time.—The day of Pentecost occurred ae far as we are able to judge, on Sunday, May 28, A D. 80. The events recorded In the third and fourth chapters of Acte took place in the summer of A.D.
By William
Ferguson
THIS CURIOUS WORLD
>31
iM
They were
SATURN'S RJNSS
The specialist ordered forty-eight hours of absolute rest for the ailing larynx • whispering" to be re-examined . . . Glen Miller.
Bluebird batonesr, has engaged the services of k>- efly Paula Kelly for his vocal department. . . "Just Plain Love," new tune by Henry Hull, Jr., former NBC page, will have Its debut on the new early morning variety show, "Who’s Bluer* . . . The premiere performance was given on Aiprti 3rd by Irving Miller's hand.
AND TWE INNER. RIN6S
REVOLVE ABOUT THE
"no talking or even after which she was
PLANET AAORE SWIPTUV THAN
o
9
ace
v •
ONES.
• Vf

A.
.V
80.
In*
;v?V?v

i'
Place.—The City of Jerusalem.
We should eome away from the study of this lesson with a conviction concerning the divine origin and the greatness of the Church of Christ. We should be reminded that loyalty to tha Church and to the Christ of the Church is the great privilege and obligation of every true believer and of every consecrated disciple.
Birth of the Church
Acts 2:1. "And when the day of Pentecost was corns, they were all together in one place.” The Feast of Pentecost was the second of the three chief Mosaic feutrais. It fell on the fiftieth day after the second day of the pass-It celebrated the comple-
F i

A

X





v
».* #»%

new

¦ i
y
4
-
t'I
I
4i

\\


%
h
ir*

>
X
: .*>


Gardening...
¦ k.

I
«
y MM
{
•i
COM i«JI«»Nf« st«. -t wr
ARTICLE No. 7
•S AN ENLARGED
•**>}*&


>
\
' X few special implements will make gardening more interesting and less arduous. These are not expensive. For ordinary digging both a spade and a digging fork
is ideal
soil in the
#
AND COMPARES
i

TTV/reO A7AdSdE>e
f
<
5

HUMAN hand»
have a place, for turning over Spring or for breaking up sod. The fork, lighter and quicker to operate, is excellent for cultivating anytime through the season and especially for breaking up soil that has been plowed or spaded sometime earlier. For killing weeds, thinning, cultivating large vegetables and shrubbery, a small, not-too-wide hoe, well sharpened
is the ideal tool.
To Prevent Jungles
wonders
but still more

\
t
;
over.	_	. _
tion of the grain harvest. Special
offerings were made, and two leavened loaves of wheat bread, significant of the finished harvest, together with two lambs as peaceofferings, were waved before the Lord. If passover reminded the Jews of their redemption from the land of bondage, Pentecost celebrated their possession of the land of promise.
2. 44And suddenly there came from heaven a sound as of the rushing of a mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting.
peared	iPVi PI
lag asunder, like as of fire; and H sat upon each one of them.” Probably the great noise was to be taken as a symbol of mighty whereas the tongues of
%

2

F

%
-HOW AAANV

•2 2

Z
5*.
ANSWER: Only Un ce oceans are now generally recognized . ; the Atlantic, the Pacific, and the Indian. The Arctic Ocean, oi only 4.000,000 square miles, has been incorporated with the Atlantic, | as the Arctic Sea. and the Antarctic has been reapportioned ever the three named above.
NEXT: What insect sometimes lays eggs and sometime* bring* forth Its young alive?
speak no more in the name of Jesus. No doubt, they would be allowed to go out and preach ff they would leave out the name of Christ and what Christ meant. 19. “But Peter and John answered and said unto them, Whether it is right in the sight of God to hearken unto you rather than unto God, judge ye: 20. for we cannot but speak the things which we saw and heard.”
What boldness these apostles manifested ! Standing before this awesome body of men, they frankly declared that even though they knew it might involve their immediate death, they positively could not be kept from speaking the things which they had seen and heard, namely, the teachings of Christ, the Resurrection. Thousands and thousands of men have said these words since, many of them suffering death as a consequence. .
council, they conferred among themselves,
16.	Saying, What shall we do to these men? for that indeed a notable miracle hath been wrought through them, is manifest to all that dwell in Jerusalem; and we
cannot deny it.
17.	But that it spread further among the people, let us threaten them, that they speak henceforth to no man in this
name.
18.	And they called them, and charged them not to speak at all
teach in the name of Jesus.” The Dieciplee Stand Firm
The Sanhedrin were compelled to acknowledge that the miracle had been genuine; but also realised that if these men kept on preaching, soon everyone would believe in what they had denounc-The Sanhedrin's conclusion that the disciples should be threatened and commanded to
?
One can flowers alone, amazing results will follow where combine flowers skilfully with grass, winding walks, shrubbery and bits of stone-work. In this combining, however, take care not to reproduce a jungle. A little preliminary planning and a rough sketch drawn approximately to scale will help wonderfully. Flowers and shrubbery must not be so crowded that they become spindly and weak.
Little flowers must not be hidden by tall things like full size marigolds, cosmos or zinnias. Beds must be so arranged that we can keep down weeds and remove fading foliage. Above all must remember that unless are very skilful, it is best to a fair amount of lawn as a foreground for our Lswne are almost vital in creating garden pictures.
Feed the Lawn
Thin lawns badly mixed with weeds almost invariably have
poor soil, eral application of commercial fertilizer or well-rotted manure is necessary to restore rich green-Well fed, well watered grass will usually crowd out most weeds, though it will appreciate some help from the gardener who does not mind spending a few hours with a sharp wceder.
c
8. And there apte them tongues part-
we
til
x
we must
i
ARMY CHIEF
no
power,
fire would be symbolic of purging and of dedication to a prophetic ministry, somewhat comparable to the experience of Isaiah eight centuries before, they were all filled with the Holy Spirit, and began to speak with ether tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.” This ability to speak in foreign languages not previously learned was merely a temporary endowment granted for a special purpose. It was one ef those miraculous spiritual gifts which marked the age of the apostles. The gift of tongues was exactly the preparation needed by the disciples for the task of witnessing to the throngs who had gathered from all parts of the world to observe the feast.
Book of th# Holy Spirit The Book of Acts has often been called the Acts of the Holy
Spirit, and truly so. The Spirit	"HOME FRONT CHATS"
ef God is referred to seventy A program that every Ontario times in this one book. It is He	woenim will like makes its bow	this
who Is th#\ energizing power, the	wt#k a*m OKOÇ, when Avis	Car
sure guide and teacher of the	^ introduces c&ata on the Home
Church of Christ, not only for	pYont, a feature that will bo heard
the days of the Church whose his	p^een j1M on the radio dial	eerh
|ory is recorded in this book, but	week day afternoon at 1.80.
for all the subsequent years of Avls Q^rroll is a new radio per-the Church's history in every	e<xnajity with a style you will like,
land. The dominance of the Holy	^ her program is designed es-
Spirit in the life of a believer is	p^cially to interest the woroon.
ordinarily to be Wed by the yfoyg to make life interesting while fresence of âny special gift, such as the gift of tongues. One who fc obedient to his Master is granted the ability to do the will of the Master, for the “fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longkindness, goodness,
14 Electrical term.
Answer to Previous Puxsle
HORIZONTAL 1, 6 Newly x appointed
U. S. army
I
Qataaa
nasa*
16 He waaan honor sindent
ARE
ORANGE HaR
4, “And
V E
star
and
head
aaEQffl
EQHiia
f
nor

12 Stir.
18 To cure
15	To talk wildly.
16	Skeleton structure.
18 Coin slit 20 Dress trimming.
22 Loiters 24 Soon.
26	Drone bee.
27	Preposition.
29 Weaving
frame.
31 Sand.
33	Negative.
34	Toward.
33 Subsists 37 Astir
39	Common verb 61 Fold.
40	To haul 42 Good name 44 Frozen
desserts 46 Pape;
LI 17 Self.
19 Law.
21 He will direct a rearmament
<S7).
R
¦¦YOU
33C BBiaaBSB Q3Ü
auuDBU a onaraon anmzi nastim align ana aaa naracn bed
&
we
T| 23 Therefore EÏRlRnclÀlPiRîEl 25 Near.
flmÉBMEB.
36 Certain.
38	To sitorL \ 41 ApplicTyes. v 43 Narcotics.
45 Brushed with
a broom 48 Lake mhxt 50 Code ol la we. 54 Expense 57 Bird.
39	Being.
S
ORA
¦H EIL
I NESTl
we
use
ed.
flowers.
O
C
BE

VERTICAL
2	Organ of hearing.
3	Land right
4	Braided thong.
5	Sound of inquiry.
6	Evils
7	By the length. 60 Since.
8	Senior.
9	Ugly old
47 Pound. 49 Melts.
RADIO DEPORTED
51	Brink.
52	Musical note 63 To con.
55	Like
56	Year.
58 Boundary
Sometimes only a lib-
By DAVE ROBBINS

ness.
the atr, we believe, Is the program entitled "And It Came To Pane,” originating in Montreal. This Sabbath Interlude Is heard over the CBC network at 1.30 on Sundays, and is outstanding tor Its reality In the dramatized BBHtcal happening* that It features.
S3 Needy 65 Sells
68 He will be
: i
62	Devputfcfl
63	Postscript
64	Red Cftw
66	Either
67	Street
to
General Craig.
69 Cock's comb 11 Citric fruit.
woman. 10 Greedy.

ulbeny
bark
II
6
Food Takes Third Of Average Wages
1
* # #
10
II
8
k
7.
5
3 4
I
Scattergood
ubiquitous Baines heard over the Columbia chain at 5.46 In the afternoon, Is one of the funniest of the domestic-patterned programs on the air. This troupe have been on the air a long time now, and are still providing as many laughs as any ef them.
The
5
13 14
12
%
Canadian Families Living In Cities 6pend 31.9 Per Cent. Of Income on Edibles

20
I9
18
l7
lb
the menfolk are away In the service—wartime economies, and diet problems, are featured in this new bright spot.
So tune in tomorrow afternoon and spend fifteen minutes with Avle Carroll.
6
24
23
22

5f
Canadian family
28
The average living in the city-just plain Mr. and Mrs. So-and-so with from one to five children—spends 81.9 per cent, of its annual income for
food.
For clothing it spends 12 per cent.; shelter, 19.2; personal care, 9.1; education and vocation, 1.6; transportation, 5.3, and welfare and gifts, 2.4.
These facts and a vast quantity of relative information < are shown in the first family-living expenditure survey ever compiled in Canada ahd recently issued by the Dominion Bureau of statistics.
RESULT OF SURVEY
The survey, which began in
$
Speaking of dance bands Bert NlosVs 10.16 spot on OFRB. on Tuesday nights, has many, many listeners. And wall it might, for Bert’s crew are one of the top Canadian bands.
«155 36
37
suffering,	_	¦¦
faithfulness, meekness, self-control.”

$
2
41
40
9
AROUND THE DIAL Taking stock this week after her first six months of broadcasting. WOR’s woman’s commentator Bees S# Beatty, who used to be one of t ion’s foremost woman journalists and editors, was ashed which she like# better: radio or
writing.
Thg answer was Radio:
see,” Bessie Beatty admitted. Tin
Irish, and there’s nothing I like
better than to talk.”
• • •
The finest Biblical drama on
Salvation Only In Him
Acta 4:8. “Thenf Peter, filled with the Holy Spirit, said unto Ye rulers of the people, In 1 elders,
9.	If we this day are examined eencerning a good deed done to
impotent man, by what means this man is made whole;
10.	Be it known unto you all, and to all the people of Israel, that in the name of Jesus Christ ef Nazareth, whom ye crucified, whom God raised from the dead,
in him doth this man stand
here before you whole.
11.	He is the stone which was set at nought of you the builders, which was made the head of the
b
45
*
50
9
#
Radio elanta; Dinah Shore, on the advice of a Now York throat specialist, recently was forced to cancel an appearance on the Eddie Cantor show, and postpone, simultaneously, the opening of a two oi three week engagement at New York’s Paramount Theatre. She was stricken with a severe case of laryngitis, brought on from a cold.
54 *55
the
55
52
W
fc
57
8
"You
,7
¦5

8
?
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—As Long As It's Not a Major Disaster
THAT'S ,
nothing!
WAVE
A
V GENERAL ' HOUSE -CLEANING IN MINE
£
I WAVE A SARGENT PAINTING IN MV
HOME f
-4


12. And in none other is there «Ovation: for neither is there any
under heaven, that is given among men, wherein we
meet be aavid.
18. Now when they beheld the boldness of Peter and John, and bed perceived that they were learned and ignorant men, they marvelled ; and they took knowledge of them, thst they had been with Jesus.
14. And seeing the man thut healed standing with them, they could say nothing against
16. But when they bad commanded them to ge aside of the
G
wT
X
name
uf

\

V
>



un-
/

1


.ri
-\
r

r*
7". <5

\
I

z
ivÿie
:

ft
i Reies-wd la

###PAGE###7###
i
Big British Battleship, King George V, Carries Amphibian Planes Along
'•

- HAVE • YOD HEAHD?


4


Dixie is economical you cut it as you use it -
There’s no waste.
-

c*
"Look here/' stormed Brown to the real estate agent, "about that riverside bungalow you sold me/'
¦
"Anything wrong?” asked the agent.
“Wrong! Wrong!” exclaimed Brown. “The other morning we woke up and found that the place had floated two miles down the river.”
“H’m,” said the agent blandly enough, “that's a good stroke of luck. The taxes are much lower down there.”
4
1




k
U
PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO
*



s#
“Now perhaps you'll want* •have?” queried the barber who had just, given five-year-old Bobbie his first professional haircut.
Bobbie (after feeling of his face) i “I guess there wouldn't be enough shavings, would there?"
Answers
1. "Thank you." expressions obliged.
least intuition can quickly distinguish this Irving said, "There is an emanation from the heart in genuine hospitality which cannot be described, but is immediately felt, and puts the stranger at once at
his ease.'HttMppHpiHHM
arrive promptly on the moment set for the ceremony. 4. It would be much better to ask her for the date. It is her privilege to accept or say that she has an engagement. 5. Yes; this is crude. At player should wait until everybody has been dealt his entire hand. 6. It is pot necessary.
What's your name?"
"Good!
"You'll find that in the book also,” she said.

Avoid the "Thanks" and "Muck 2. A person with the


I
m3

As Washington

Modern
Etiqoette

I
mm
i
\
A robbery had been committed In the English village, and a detective had been sent to investigate.
3. No, they should
Here is one of the planes carried by the British' battleship, King George V, being hoisted *board after a flight. It is a Walrus amphibian. Exploits of British fliers operating from naval unite m the Mediterranean and off the European coast are becoming more frequent and more daring daily, and they WM * proud place in the line-up against the Axis powers.	\
BY ROBERTA LEE
"Have you seen any mysterious | strangers about here lately?” I asked the detective of the old vil- I
lager.
"Yes, sir,” replied the old man. I, "There was a man 'ere with the I circus last week, an' 'e took a pair I o' rabbits out o' my whiskers!” I
1.	What is the correct expression to use when thanking someone for a courtesy?
2.	How can a person distinguish between genuine hospitality and that which is affected?
3.	Is it correct for the bride and her attendants to arrive at the church about a half-hour before the ceremony is to begin?
4.	When a young man wishes to ask a girl for a date, is it sH right for him to' say: "Are you going to be busy Wednesday eve-
Camera» Not Guns Shoot Air Target
What Science Is Doing
How Can I?
BY ANNE ASHLEY
Ordinarily Trans-Canada Air Lines uses models of its aircraft for window display purposes. At least one of them has a new purpose in life as a target for antiaircraft practise by the military. An Essex County regiment has borrowed one to shoot at tunately for the model, camera guns will be used and not the real thing.
"Which
would yez rather he in Pat— an explosion or a collision?" Second ditto: "In a collis-Becauae in a collision there yez are, but in an explosion where are yez?”
First Irishman:
CREAM
Q. How can I clean painted walla without using soap?
A. Usq two ounces of borax in two quarts of water and one teaspoon of ammonia. Use about half this quantity to each bucket of water, and no soap will be required.
Q. How can I make use »of discarded umbrella ribs?
A. These ribs make good and lasting supports for trailing flowers. If they are painted a •oft green, they will hardly be noticed in the garden.
Q. How can 1 make an economical deodorizer for a sick room?
A. An economical deodorizer can be made out of a pint of vinegar boiled with one quart of myrrh.
Q. How can I bleach silk, wool, linen, or cotton?
A. The best bleaching process for these materials is to use one teaspoon of peroxide of hydrogen to %-tub of cold water. Let the clothes soak in this ovenight; then rinse and wash as usual. This does not injure the fabric and imparts a pure white.
Q. How can I prepare a good wall paper cleaner?
A. Mix two cups of flour and one tablespoonfuls of kerosene with enough water to make a stiff doughy then knead thoroughly. Use like ordinary cleaner.
SUPER-GIANT STARS
Dr. Ralph E. Wilson has worked out a new astronomical yardstick by using rare super-giant "C" type stars.
It will serve to determine distances to these stars, among the largest in the sky, and to nearby star ‘systems.
Only about 400 of the stars have been found, the Mount Wilson observatory astronomer said last week. He used 246 of them in his studies.
"They range in color from red, orange, yellow, whitish-yellow and white to blue," said Dr. Wilson.
"They are distinguished from other stars by the abnormal intensities of the hydrogen lines and by the sharpness of the oxygen, nitrogen, iron and silicon lines in their spectra
Since March 13, we have paid 41c for No. 1 cream delivered to Toronto.
DAILY PAYMENTS
Write for Cans
Toronto Creamery
branch of
Halted Farmer» Co-operative
Co., Ltd.
Cor. Duke A Georue Ste., Toronto
ion
For-

ning
5. Isn’t it improper for a card player to begin arranging hie cards before the entire hand has been dealt?
"I would like to meet you again," he murmured, as they glided through the waltz about letting me have your telephone number?”
"It's in the book,” she told
‘What
6. When a dish is passed to one at the table by a servant, should one say "Thank you?"
New Long Look
Seen in Sweaters
him
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS...
The longer fitted sweater is a rival now for the very short one. The new type has been slowly making headway in influencing the sweater trend until now the movement is definitely to longer fitted types.
Many of the brief sweaters that last year would have been waist-length are now inching down to cover the hips. You will find them in daytime and evening sweaters, either smoothly molded or with waistline nipped in by ribbing or finer stitches and reinforced here by elastic threads to hold them in. Pullovers with such nipped-in waistlines or with draping at the hips and high necklines zipped at back as well as the long semi-folded skirt pullover are especially new-looking.
ess
FOR SALK
SALESMAN WANTED
AGENTS WANTED
4
A PROFITABLE AND INTEREST-ing business. Make and sell Lawn Ornaments from our full-size patterns. Color scheme and instructions with each order. Dozens of ornaments from each pattern— Dutch Girl, Dutch Boy, Windmill, Sprinkling Girl, Garden Girl, Comic Pig, Elephant, Comic Raccoon, Sailor Boy with keep off grass sign, etc. 15c each, 2 for 25c. 10 for $1.00 postpaid. War Saving Stamps accepted. Darling, 54 Warden St. Mimico, Ont.
SALESMAN WANTED WITH CAR to sell to stores, Ladles' House Dresses and Men’s Working cloth* es, on commission basis. Cash bond required to cover cost of sampl Exclusive territory given. State age, experience references. Write P.O. Box 143, Montreal.
12 MONTHS GUARANTEE. Direct Factory to YOU with one small profit If needing TIRES. It will pay you to write for prices. Agents wanted for yourself, and make a few dollars selling your friends. All tires shipped, prepaid, subject to your Inspection and approval. Mayalls Tire Service, 8 Elm St, Toronto.
TIRES
»
V
save money
NEW PRODUCTS HASTENED
The speed with which scientific research is translated into commercial products is demonstrated in a report made by Arnold E. Pitcher, general manager of the planting department of the dn-Pont Company, in which he discloses that three-quarters of all the plastics that the company expects to produce during the present year have originated in the laboratory in the last forty-eight months.
SEWING MACHINES AND REPAIRS
SINGER—SEE REVERSE STITCnl before buying. Send for catalogue prices and terms. Repairs. Singe# Sewing Machine Company, 214 Tonga St., Toronto, Ont.
BE YOUR OWN BOSS. IF YOU CAN create door to door market for guaranteed necessities (over 200 of them) SUCCEED WITH FAMI-LEX. Liberal Commission. Repeat
Co-operation.
GOITRE
HAVE YOU GOITRE? “ABSORBO" reduces. For particulars write J. A. Johnston Co.. 171 King E., Toronto. Price $5.00 per bottle.
assured details and free cat
business Complete alogue first letter: F AMI LEX. 570 St. Clement. Montreal.
SEED FOR SALE
NORTHERN GROWN NO. 2 AiaiKJ# 18 cents pound, No. 2 Mlnture 90» Alslke balance timothy duteâ clover, 16 cents pound. No. S Mia# ture Alslke 90% balance dutch clover 18 cents pound. No. 1 Min#
60%, timothy 60%, 13 cents pound. No. 2 Tlmothfb No. 1 Purity 9 cents pound, a# primary noxious weeds, 86c, ment with order. Wm. A Earlton, Ontario.
BABY CHICKS
HERBS WANTED
RIGHT NOW IT WILL PAY YOU to be “fussy” with your chick buying. Be sure you get fast growers. Bray “delivers the chicks"—Bray Chicks goods." Started, day olds, cockerels, capons, pullets. Some Turkeys. Order now before you're “on the land " Bray Hatchery, 130 John North, Hamilton, Ont.
$$$ WE BUI HUNDREDS DIFFERent Herbs, Roots, Barks. Write Dominion Herb Distributors, 1426 Main. Montreal.
POOR DIET AND CANCER
Evidence showing how poop diet can become one of the causes of cancer was reported last week in science by five Memorial Hospital (N.Y.) physicians.
The cancers were in animals, but were important because lately physicians have reported in humans occasional cancers that seemed to be helped by diet changes, such as high vitamins or high proteins.	'
ture Alslke
Many “Pigs In Pokes” Sold at Auction
deliver the
LEGAL
ReMfc

Î
LINDSAY, LAW OFFICE,
Itol Theatre Building. SL Th Ontario. Special Department for farmers collections.
J. N
CAP-
omas.
!
JI
SEED A FIELD GRAINS

QUALITY EMBRYO FED CHICKS from Purina Fed flocks. Barred Roc km and White Leghorns, bred for meat and egg a, blood tested, our flocks are rigidly culled $10.00 per hundred. $10.00 for two weeks old. Kelly Chick Hatchery, Barrie. Ontario.
*
OFFER TO INVENTORS
Li

s '
VANGUARD OATS FROM REGI3» tered fourth generation grade A due to color, otherwise grade one» Germination 94%, 70 cents bushel sacks free. Erban same price. EÏ O. White, Glanworth, Ontario.


AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Registered. Patent Attorneys, 273 Bank Street Ottawa. Canada.
i
«

m t
, IP22
A
Co

. »


MEDICAL
A-l BABY CHIICKS, BARRED Rocks, White Rocks, White Leghorns, Brown Leghorns, Jersey Black Giants. New Hampshire Reds. Write for new low prices. A. H. Switzer Hatchery, Granton, Ont.
SNAPSHOTS TO-DAY TREASURES TO-MORROW
f '

DR. McLEOD'S STOMACHIC HEALS obstinate Stomach Trouble: User For years I suffered terrible gnawing pains below breastbone. few hours after eating, causing gas and bloating. My only relief was soda and that only for short time. Then I took Dr. Mp-Leod s Stomachic. After three bottles I was free from pain. I kept on improving and have now been well for several years, enjoying meals without medicine. Good for all forms of indigestion. Drug Store or write Dr. McLeod's Stomachic Co., 658 Bathurst, Toronto. $1.25 per bottle postpaid.
I
.states
Your films are carefully and scie tifically » processed by Imperial, make sure they last.
e or 8 EXPOSURE FILMS Sfte with beautiful enlargement fre% 8 reprints with enlargement 2i Thousands of letters from satisfl customers testify to our super! quality and service.
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICB Station J, Toronto.
Great Hunters
Going Farming


%

A*
I
M
BABY CHICKS, GOVERNMENT Approved White Leghorns and Barred Rocks, also sexed Pullets or Cockerels. Breeding since 1902. Send for price list: Wright Farm, Brockvllle. Ontario.
Li
3

AV
The Blackfoot Indian, a notable success in hunting buffalo and raiding neighboring tribes in bygone days in the Canadian West has become outstanding among his race in farming and coal mining, the Indian Affairs Branch reports. Blackfoot Indians are the most prosperous of Canadian redskins. They have about $2,500,000 in the bank in trust, the result of land sales and accrued interest in past years. A certain portion of the revenue from this capital is used year by year in * assisting the general welfare of the 830 members of the band.
2ft FREE CHICKS
SWINE FOR SALE

WITH EVERY 100 PULLETS or 100 mixed chicks ordered, we give 25 free chicks. Pullets $15.00 to $19.00 per 100; Mixed Chicks $8.00 to $10.00 per 100: Cockerels per 100 light breeds. $1.50; heavy breeds. $4.00. Immediate delivery. Goddard Chick H a t]c h e r y, Britannia Heights, Ont.
FOR SALE REGISTERED TAM* worth, 6 weeks old. Both sexaa $5.00 without papers, $7.00 with papers. Wm. R. Wood, Lombard* Ontario.
GOOD RESULTS
EVERY 3UF-ferer from Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Munro’s Drug Store, 386 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
i
The sale of unclaimed baggage and articles found on Canadian Pacific property provided an interesting interlude at Fraser Brothers’ auction rooms, Montreal, recently. Articles of this nature from as far as Calgary to the west and Halifax to the east. When a certain period has passed and it is still unclaimed, the law requires that it all be sold at auction, the worthless and the valuable. Buyers bid for it blind and pay quite high price? on the chance of finding something really valuable.
—Canadian Pacific Photo.
TOBACCO
NURSERY STOCK
FOUR POUNDS BURLEY AND VI»-
HARDY NUT TREES. THE IDEAL wartime tree to plant, due to present ban on nut Imports, and the uncertain fruit market. Write for free copy Market." David Gellatly. Nut Tree Specialist. Westbank, B.C.
glnia Leaf for pipe $1.36. Fire pounds Fragrant Virginia Leal Cigarette Tobacco $2.60 postpaid. Natural Leaf Tobacco Co., Leamington, Ontario.__________________
MAKER V EQUIPMENT
BAKERS' OVENS AND MACHINery, also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence Invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co.. 103 Bathurst St.. Toronto.
Nuts for Home and
UNGRADED EGGS WANTED
PA?
100 ROOTS ASPARAGUS MARY Washington" or 100 Strawberry Plants “Senator Dunlop" $1.00 Postpaid, two for $1.75. Forward Gardens, Iroquois, Ontario.
WE SUPPLY CASES AND highest Market Prices. Furth particulars apply Canadian Prm, vision & Supply Company, 10# Front Street East, Toronto
of her trip to fly over her grandson's home en route as she wanted to drop him a birthday card—
The stewardess advised
Canadian National Railways Revenues
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY
MOVING - SHIPPING PACKING - STORING
Reduced Rate Furniture Pool Cars—Winnipeg , and West to Coast.
M. RAWLINSON, LIMITED
Established 1885
610 YONGE ST. - TORONTO
GENERAL STORE IN EXTRA GOOD
opposition.
farming district. N clean stock, must he sold due ill health. Otto Johann, Owen Sound, Ontario.
PAILS FOR SALK
airmail
less spectacular methods and pro dueed an airmail stamp.
W ANTED TO PU 1 1 1 HASH
The gross revenues of the all-inrlusive Canadian National Railways System for the period ending March 31st, 1941, were $7,933,004 as compared with $5,872,330 for the corresponding period of 1940, an increase of $8,060,728 or 35.1%.
CLEAN TWO TO 2% GALLON pails, suitable for Sap. S. Barber & Sons, 40-00 D u n (Il as St. W., Toronto.
FEATHERS WANTED
CARS, NEW AND USED
AND USED GOOSI Duck, also feather bed*. 1 _ prices paid. Send particulars t$ Queen City Feather, 23 Baltiwi* Toronto.
B A NO Highest
N E W
PLANT FOR SALE
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS LTD., Toronto's oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers; three locations, 632 Mt. Pleasant Road, 2040 Yonge St., 1650 Danforth Avenue. Our Used Cars make ua many friends.
FOR SALE AT SACRIFICE, UP-TO-date f»-ton capacity ice plant, with complete equipment. Plant has been operating only seven years. Cold m turn go equipment included Must be removed at once. E T White, Port Colborne, Ontario.
I
Guaranteed ' •
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
Nervous Restless
. 34
EXHAUST VANS
Super Special
Delivery Asked
/
Used
New
EXHAUST FANS. NEW GENERAL Electrics, way under wholesale. Toronto Mercantile. 29 Melinda. Toronto.
PROPERTY FOR SALE
Girls !
*
Cranky? Beatles»» Can't sleep? Tlr# easily? Annoyed by female functional disorders and monthly distress? Then take Lydia E. Plnkham's Vegetable Compound, famous for over 60 years In helping such rundown, weak, nervous conditions. Made especially tor women. WELL WORTH TRYING I
SPECIALIZING IN KKUIILT MOTORS, POWER-LX ITS, H> draw

NICE HOME SPOT FOR COUPLE 1% acres, well fruited, bell Ever greened, new brick cabin, etc Stamp reply, Wheeler. Northwood Ontario.
$
Hotel*. W I me bee. Generator*. Sin
*1»
ere, W e % ee I on. Lnrhurelore, Kadi
Super-special delivery of airmail was requested of TransCanada Air Lines a few days A passenger making her firkt flight asked the stewardess if she- would request the captain
FEED FOIt SALK
A»Z
Sallefevtloa or rtfuad. Levy Parte, Dept. J , Toroafb.

BUSHEL AND ONE
including inga from Kavanagh
STOCK FEE I half bag, 1
PUPS FOR SALE
he
t
ago
m
ti
ES. FEMALES W A Hubbel,
NARD TOPI Males $15.00 Ontario.
puff ft
enue, Toronto,

Av
Lin
i
ISSUE 16—’41

I
###PAGE###8###



Look Here
:. Js-Jm
For Sale, Wants, Found.
Lost, etc.
Buy British !
Important Notice to aH Cream Customers
*
O
Shawville. Phone 15—14
ORNAMENTAL SHRUBS - Now Is time to plant ornamental shrubs and evergreens. Place your order .t on» with Andrew Flood, Campbell s oa>.

New Skiq
Eno's Fruit Salt Scott's Emulsion Maclean Stomach Powder
Theremogene Medicated Woo|
Maclean’s Tooth Paste


/ /.z.z.Zizy
<
We are forbidden by LAW to receive créa
in the hours below specified, namely :
cept
1
0
MAY 1st to NOVEMBER 1st
10 a. m., only
FOR SALE or RENT—Brick dwelling house (known as the Knox home) in the village of Quyon. Modern conveniences,
Quyon, Que,
From 5 a. m. to

not milking—and. we
1 iifipg
dapjsü? - sassAra^Sas
EBEBB ass
«BSSSTSS'	^v;ibLV'*, fiK
s^hsss bebe:^
jrggursss ss -.«y^îSVani
sbra1 “Try It”
NOVEMBER 1st to APRIL 30th
From 5 a. m. to 1 p* m., only
Ask For British Coeds and serve your Country
WANTED—Girl to do general housework. Applv to Mrs. Chant, S hawville-Phone 28—W**"_________________
FOR SALE-MoCormick 14 disc, and mowing machines; a large quantity or Banner oats and ôné IrtwTjiational h&Y rake. Apply to Alfred Elliott, R. z Shawville, Phone 20—15
FOR SALE-General purpose gelding, rising4 years; Percheron filly, rising 2 years. Both well broken. Apply to Dr. S. E. McDowell, Shawville. Phone 84,
i

SATURDAY NIGHTS
allowed to receive cream from
S

We are
from 5 o’clock until 9 o’clock, only

THE CORNER STORE
P
1
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and CentreSts
QUE.


1
SHAWVILLE,

FOR RENT— Comfortable dwelling house, Centre St. Shawville. Ready for occupancy» May 1st» Apply to Mrs, R, Swartz, Shawville.
ed without exception.

’ÎSSSS? SSSiA
above shown.
Moff
CARD OF THANKS
=
Milk Milken. «
DE UVAL MAGNETIC
SPEEDWAY MILKER
,	. a , WANTED—A capable woman for house
We wish to tender our heartfelt thank [cleaning. Apply to the Clarendon Ho-for expressions of sympathy and spirit- tel. Shaivvllie. Phone 112
ual offerings extended at the death of a
beloved husband and father.
Mrs. Geo Finlan and Family


both
FOR SALE— Matched team, voung ; also 15 cows, some freshened, some coming in. Will exchange for young cattle. Apply to E. C. Dahms. Phone 02-2

m*
wSafp '
PERMIT to operate a Creamery
Authorized Agent
CARD OF THANKS
-	| or outside work.
We desire to express our sinceresi $20 00 per month.
thanks and appreciation for the acts of Pritchard, Manotick. Que. kindness, expressions ot sympathy, an	FOR SALE—One registered Clydes-
and beautiful floral offerings receixed dftIe stallion (registered); one coil from our many friends and neighbours, coming 2 years ; one 13 toe stiff tooth cul-
^ ^
The Family.
CLIFFORD CONE,
&
WANTED-Girl or woman, no washing
Electricity. Salary, Apply to Mrs. J. A.
Shawville, Que.
Phone 36

SUSP®
i
eus-
Phone 11—
29.
<

or

cream that of losing our in Shawville,
Notice of Meeting:
A meeting of the Western Quebec Holstein Club will be held in the Agricultural Hall, on Friday afternoon, April 25th, at one o clock fhe election of directors will be held and Field-men of Quebec will address the meeting.
Vertel Smiley, Secretary.
T. S. Harris, President


THE SHAWVILLE CREAMERY

below the exact wording of the ACT under
all these features
Only Chevrolet among low-priced cars gives you
P. S.—We quote
which we are now forced to operate.
"•ftSSrSUSsf-SRs
u iu , Miss L Conoanghty. missionary for 17 years will gi ve an address on her work in China There *vill be special singing by local talent A very interesting time is expected. Everybody x\ el

animal-drawn vehicle of milk
clock and ten (10) o’clock in the
the 1st of May
(|3 ) Transporté n by motor driven or
and cream is permitted only between (5) o” forenoon of the same day (Standard Time) from and after
until the 1st of November.

ville,



4#
m
• «W-NK-*.\

I
Î '

and nine (9 o’clock in the afternoon (Standard Time )
mm
a* y
come.
Miss L. Connaughty Miss M. Holbrook
Evangelists
t
i


after the 1st of November to the 1st of May.
w ....y..;
w. Zw
FAMOUS VAM-IN HEAD ENGINS
mil
Clarendon Women s Institute



*
111
t
The regular meeting of Claren-
at the^home of	H. Elliott
on Wednesday afternoon, with Mrs. Clarence Hayes as assistant
^°Mr9. Harry Hod gins presided over the meeting assisted by the
cels received from tins branch, were read from three boys from this district who are serving in
overseas units,	M
Mrs. Leonard Horner and Mrs
Hazlewood Elliott were appointed to attend the annual County Convention to be held at Elmnide in
Saturday night, effectuated from
ft
farmItTfa%ic%'the county, can be made only between five (5) o’clock and nine (9) o’clock in the afternoon (Standard Time.)
Articles 3 and 4 apply, without exception, to all milk or cream


I

A*

Y
1 *

MR

(4a)



producers.
which transportation is authorised.

SS»
¦K-rr- ¦
à
. '
44
--,;x

%
1
ORIGINAL VACUUM-POWER SHIFT

at no txte.A cost
Mils Marjorie Hayes Honoured
ass»
¦
assisting the h°8te^s_n^ ^
Bristol Busy Bee Institute	and approved. .	....	. a
*!**
mss
“	- - - vs gsisES sS -S£SSir:
J •	- was con* ,,r„v;^v x upici circulation of heatv.
and with a il ter foi
|H In theggNgggN
fied and in
mil * iu « fie d.
Public Address om Beautification
Don’t miss the Public Address on
«SM.SC1T™» %.,« w.. mod, to .
school.	I by the hostess.
h
When will you have the chance again to get
much motor car value for your money.
<

«


so
features for 41—the most modem, most mplete low-priced car your money can lmy ! For today and for the years ahead it pays to pick Chevrolet! See your dealer for a trial drive, today !
Be Chevrolet-wise this year ! Check over the styling and engineering advancements illustrated above — extra advan-
extra cost. Check up what
shower
CO
Miss Edith Towsley, of Ottawa,	-------
spent Easter week with relatives flnnua| Cor\ver\tioq in town.
Womens’ Institutes
tages at no you get for what you pay” —41 great
CANADIAN-BUILT BY GENERAL MOTORS
mm#.*.

• !
m

S3
m


//


i



1
r
.

a
f


WM


MM

I
I
con
%
z
unit heats the room in
The same	....
vintcr and cools it in summer. V\ in-
done by means of not
C-IMIB
JOHN L. HODGINS SHAWVILLE
WAR
'SAVINGS
ERTIFICATI
QUEBEC
Plans were
-~le sugar to the navy,
jf&tj tG.U/Uj
nmpn
^ A*very interesting paper on the tooi 1 value of potatoes was given by Mrs. Roland Russell.
Roll Call was responded to uy
ÏKft"* *.82
National Anthem.
.*•
JKd r«s:mrcmpb.ii.
of Wyman.	.	.	. d]
Meeting closed by singing the ,s
National Anthem.	.	s
Tea was served by the hostesses
nd a social hour spent.

ed air
nter tfe mi
IV 1
Vit
sammvi it
V m

