###PAGE###1###

it

I
No. 47, 61st Year
8HAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE,
THURSDAY, MAY 2vtb, 1944
BIRTHS
P. 0. Frederick Murray Killed m Action
Dp E. J. O’Leary
DENTIST
Campbell’s Bay, Que,
Phone No. 62
Kveningt by appointment
Cowling
I
Æfc Pontiac Community Hrupiml. Simwville, on Niy 11th. MM4. to Mr ami Mm John Cain, (nee Mildred Hamm berry) of Pembroke, a daughter.
At Pontiac Community Hospital, on May 12th. 1UM. to Mr. and Mr# Russell Lucas, Rrihtol Ridge, a daughter.
HARDWARE
Business
Woid was received Saturday
night by Mr. and Mr«. Wm. J.
Murray, of Bristol, that their son.
Pilot Frederick G rahaui Murray, bad been killed on active service, May 17th No particulars were given as to the cause of death.
P O Murray enlisted at Ottawa over two years ago and received his training at Lachine. Victoria-ville,ind Windsor Mills in Quebec, finally graduating at St. Huberts, and went overseas laatr June. He was 28 years ot age.
Ï.Tbe late
College

S|mwville Y. P. V. will present
their four-act humorous play “Gracie Gets Her Man” in the hall at Starke Corners on Friday, May 20th, at 8.15 p in., tinder the au«. pices of the Stark*» Woman’s Association. - Prices 25 and 15 cent»
283 Bank [Street OTTAWA, CANADA
Never were Stenographers in such demand as now. We are conducting a short intensive course. B.'gin at once and help your country.
Oi’KN all Summer
NAILS STAPLES PENOB WIRE SCREEN WIRE GALVANIZED PAILS MACHINE OIL
GLASS
PUTTY
PAINTS
VARNISH WATER PAINTS
PAINT OIL
.
PERSONAL MENTION
Mrs. E L. Jardine left la*t week to visit relatives in Toronto.
4
Mrs. John C. Rielly, of Ru|>ert, visited relatives in town and vicinity during the past week
Mr and Mrs. C L. Cowan, of Ottawa, visited their relatives In town over the week end.
Mrs. L. E. Thomson and datigh ter, Jan is, visited relatives in Ot tawa during the past week.
SHAWVILLE WOOL LOADING
W. I. COWLING President
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
airmail was born in Bristol township and received his education in the local schools. He warn married to Mies Helen XV.
McNeill, of Bristol, now ou th* staff of Aylmer High School.
Besides bis wife and parents, there survive five brothers. Pte Stewart Murray, Cameron Highlanders overseas ; Pte David Murray, Perth Regiment, Perth : Lac Miss Edna Hudgins, of Ottawa. Gordon Murray. Am prior ; Lome spent the we* k end at the home of of Ottawa, and Alex, at home ;. her parents, Mr. and Mrs. VV. O. also three sisters, Mrs. Roland pHodgins, Litchfield,
Graham, of Wyman ; Mrs. Harold Fulford, of Bristol, and Mrs. Melvin Stewart, of Elmside,
He was a member of St. And ret\'s United UniUch, Bristol, and was very popular in all the Bris* toi district.
Since.the above was put into type The Equity learns that the funeral of P O. Murray was held May 24th. at the Regional Cemetery. at Brook wood, Surrey, England.
Wool will be shipped on behalf of the Canadian Co-operative
Wool Growers, Limited, at Shaw-1	_	----------
«2* iss-s.!"tt Jr JAME.® ml1llar
available. Apply at the Agrictil- .	1-
turn I Office.	I ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle'. Hotel, Campbell'. Bay • very Wednesday morning
At PontiacHouse, Shaw ville ^ ver y
Wedne.d,
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
notary public
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE.QUE.
N. A. Drummono
NOTICE
W. 0. Beverley Howard Prisoner of War
This store will close at 12 o'clock, noon, every Wednesday, beginninglMay 31st
Warrant Officer Beverly Howard son of Mr. G A. Howard and late Mr#. Howard, who was reported missing in air operations over Germany in March, has now been reported, through the Red Cross, as a prisoner of war, according to a message received by hi-f a t h e The
N
Mrs. Mae Barber and Mrs M a ye Armstrong left last Friday .as delegates to the Rebecca Assembly held at Sherbrooke, Que.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Findlay, of Fitzroy Harbour, have been visiting at the home of Mrs. Findlay h brother, Mr. George Piendet ga*t.
the
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
4 Estate C. J. Caldwell f
young man, who was 231 years of age, was born and educated in Shaw ville and enlisted in May 1041 and went overseas in I December of the same year. In I 1W8 he was confined to hospital I* in England for several months a* the result of injuries received in a motorcycle accident.	I
Wren Lucille Brough. W. C.-H N. S . of St. Hyacinth?, Que , spent the week-end at the home of her parent®, Mr. ami Mrs. A. 0. Brough,
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate Barrister ; Solicitor, etc;
Office^ Campbell’s Ba>, Quebec
(In Lean Block)
Mrs. Albert Corrigan, Ottawa, and Mrs, Garnet Armstrong, of Toronto were guests at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Lome Armstrong last week.
Thirty-Second Anneal Convention of Pontiac Women’s Institutes
The thirty-second annual Convention of Women’s Institutes of
F. 0. Bud Bowker Drops Two Focke-Wnlf 190’s
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
HrZW VUl*
Gr. Glenn Carpenter, of Barrie-field, formerly of Peace River dis. trier, Alta., accompanied by his aunt. Miss Iris Barn*, Ottawa, visited at the homes of Mrs. James Stickler and Mr. Seymour Harris, over the week-end
ROOFING
Pontiac County was held in the Sunday School rooms of Shawvilie United Church, with members of the Shawvilie branch, under the presidency of Mrs. T, Shore, as hostesses.
The sessions were presided over by the County President, Mrs. W. J. Mui ray, assisted by the secre tar y treasurer, Miss Abbie S. Pritchard. Miss B. G. Fletcher, demonstrate!', Department of Agii* culture, Quebec, was present and addressed the meeting, as well as giving other valued assistance throughout the meeting.
Evidence of good work done was shown in the branch and convener reports from Foit Coitionge. Beech Grove, Clarendon, Elmside. Onslow Corners, Shawvilie, Stark's Corners, and Wyman. Contributions were made to the Red Cross, the Navy League, Queen’s Canadian Fund, Self Denial Fund, Seeds for Britain and Australia, British Children’s War Services, National Emergency Fund, as well alar assistance with all War
A Canadian Press report, dated May 22nd. stated that twenty two-year-old F. O Harlow “Hud” How

ftriSrSKMi'rtSSiti: I DONAT L. (GUERRIER
I Notary Public
CAMPBELL,S BAY QUEBEC
Now is the time to patch that old roof
You can now procure
Ready Roofing-
No. I Roofing Seconds, 145 lbs ...
Seconds, 35 lbs ...
tour® as a pilot with a Canadian tepairand salvage unit, took off to test the guns of a Spitfire.
He bumped into two Focke-Wnlf lOU's over tbe English Channel and sent them both crashing into the
Destroyer Escort Answer To Submarine Challenge
The navy’s ringing answer to the submarine challenge, the Destroyer Escort, is now being built in privately operated shipyards at a rate never before reached on combat ships of a similar tonnage. Designed ,
by naval architects who have long taken off with guns loaded ¦¦ served the shipbuilding Industry, the became off operations 1 ti -1 1 eb Destroyer Escort has special maneu- 1 *.*'** ? The double victory brought
verability, speed and the capacity to *<;ore ,to sev«" eocmy *ircr,l,t
uictb.es shipyards to take ari\<mtagi and wearing flying boots, pushed of the principles of multiple produc- j^jj, t.Mp back on lus head and told tion which have helped them to the ®tory of hi® victory, achieved break world’s records on other types m a matter of seconds, of ships of a similar design. The He war flying in the direction of hull is put together in 13 “dough- St. Valerie, and about a quarter nuts” or prefabricated sections, of the way across the Channel ha some of which weigh 84,000 pounds, sighted the FW 100s flying in line Production is being rushed in well abreast in a northeasterly direcover a dozen privately operated tion.
shipyards, many of which were laid - Bowker said the enemy ’planes out for this express purpose.	were carrying bombs or mekets.
Slightly smaller than a destroyer * crawled up behind them and of the First World war, the De- .we,,t	*nfl they broke
SSf ST. 4 S3*	X1' m,s
guns. Her multi-purpose main bat- rely bounced off it. went up 100 tery is equally destructive against feH and then crashed into the sea.” enemy planes or subs.	F.Ü Bowker is the husband of
More than 36 skilled trades are Lillian Wickens. daughter of Mr needed for the construction of a De- H,id Mrs. John Wickens, of Clar-stroyer Escort. In many yards, mdoti Front, and is on the teach-women workers are Shouldering ii.g staff of Granby High School, their full share of the precise work which goes into the construction of
¦nWHÜIIiHiaatMMBM
Branch at Quyon ; will call MMiday On request
Matters dealt with by correspondence»
any
1É
- t
MPA
It was the first time this stocky flyer, who had been “getting so darn sick of doing nothing", had
since
$2.25 per roll
• e •
DR. H. K. NEILSON
1.95
<• a
• • (<
1.65
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat
SPECIALIST

i
i
OTTAWA, - ONT.
PHONE, 2-7961
Sheeting-
as reg Work,
The Farm and Home Beautification Endeavor will be continued this year as well as the Tea Room and the special exhibits at Shawvilie Fair. The branches will be represented at the Annual Provincial Convention to be held at Mac' donald College June 28 and 29. On June 30th a course on community canning will be given to a number of delegatee who will remain over for this object
Greetings from tbe Provincial Board wVre brought by Miss Abbie Pritchard, and at tbe same time a number of questions dealing with VV. I. work were brought before the meeting, decisions to be submitted to the Board.
A grant of money was made to Pontiac Agricultural Society,
$2.25 per roll
Eddy's Sheeting Light^Grey Sheeting
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT BARRISTER HULL, QUEBEC Consultations by Appointment
• • •
1.15	“ “
• • • •
BEATTIE EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone
OTTAWA, ONTARIO
Roofing Paint
Renews Old Roofs
$1 50 per gal
Liquigum ...
Roof Coating
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists o.i all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
1.15 " “
• • •
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg Optometrist
Reg Optometris
the
1
' No. 1.
Proper Care and Use
Preserve Carpet Sweeper
One of the first requisites for efficient operation of the carpet „	, g. _ _ #	• e	sweeper is to keep it properly oiled,
rind Shut-Off for Leak	Most sweepers that are used fre-
In House Weter System
Shut off the water, if there s a turer’s directions, and if you do leak. This involves knowing the ltv not have the instruction book that cation of the main shut-off valve came with the sweeper, ask your for the house water supply, the fcu- equipment dealer to help you. rrau points out. This valve is usu- Correct operation is another point ally found near the basement floor ^at will increase the life of a carpet level at the meter close to the wall gweeper. Use smooth even strokes nearest the street. Everyone in the and no more pressure than is neces-family should know where to find 8ary ln order to “sweep clean.” If
valve-	the brushes are in good condition
The valve should be turned off and and not worn, almost no pressure is , on at least twice a year in order to needed. Keep it away from hot I check on its free operation. Valves registers and radiators and avoid which have corroded so that they banging it against furniture, stick should be replaced. Have your Empty the dust pans after each plumber take care of this at the use and clean the brush at least once first opportunity.	each week to keep it from matting.
If the leak is near a fixture, it Cut the thread and hair that catch may not be necessary to shut off between the tufts or around the axle, the entire ^water supply for the using a pair of scissors, and then house. In every properly designed comb the brush with a metal comb, plumbing system there are auxiliary From time to time remove the brush stops in the supply piping near the and clean it thoroughly. Give spe-fixtures. In addition to valves in cial attention to the brush ends the branch lines, every fixture should where fine dust and dirt tend to col-be equipped with local controls, lect. If the bristles have picked up Some of the local controls (of fix- oil or wax, it can be removed with turea operate with handwheels and a dry cleaning fluid. Work quickly others necessitate the use of a and do not permit the brushes Is
The invitation given by Mrs. W. A Hunter, of Fort Conlonge, for the setni annual meeting to beheld there in October was accepted by Mrs Murray for the Convention
Under arrangements with the Department of Agriculture, Quebec, the yearly programmes for the branches will be printed under one cover, and distribution will be made to the members.
Votes of thanks were oassed to the members of the Shawvilie branch for their hospitality and arrangements for the meeting ; to the trustees for the use of the Church; to the press for publicity; to Miss Fletcher for her attendance and help, and to the président and officers for their work during tbe
f its class
dest hitting ship of ever maiie.
Gordon T. Paul I N SU RANGE

Barb Wire
$3.90 per roll
Steeples	Brace Wire
I
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations

Nails
NOTICE
QUE
SHAWVILIE
Beginning May 31st, this store will close every Wednesday at 12 o'clock, noon
year.
Luncheon was served at noon and tea at the close of the session by the members of the Shawvilie branch. Their hospitality was
much appreciated.	ÆÊÊM
The following officers and
veners were elected ________	¦
Hon. president, Mrs. R W, Hod gins, Shawvilie ; president. Mr?. W. J. Murray. MaryfiBd ; i*t vice president, Mra. C J. Caldwell, Shawvilie :	2nd	vice president,
Mrs. Karl Findlay, Bristol ; secre-
Talking Pictures
GLORIA JEAN
cou-
DONALD O'CONNOR
"Get Hep to Love”
Certified Seed Potatoes
at
THE W. A. HODCINS STORE
Shawvilie
Pritchard, Wyman.
Con veners— M las Minerva Corrigan, Mrs Kenneth Smiley, Mrs. «I. W. Campbell, Mrs. David Ru/sell,
iLvatto. a?. h-
Shawvilie Theatre
Friday, May 26th
At 8.80 p. m.
Quebe
*
M
##





###PAGE###2###
Prurit is-Intense Itching
| Relieved quickly l»y this Medicinal Ointment '
THE WAR • WEEK
Commentary on Current Events
StDœôlâôk mdin ajùbe
All People In Britain Calmly Await Hour of Coming Invasion of Europe
/
There are two forms off^liing especially distressing. First ttrurit from which only women «Her and second pruritis ani—itching at the rectum from piles, pin worms or varicose veina.
___of both them forme of Intense
itching are often difficult to locate but what you do want, at once, is relief from the severe and depressing itching.
Then let Dr. Chase's OINTMENT help you for it brings relief almost as quickly as applied. Once used it will always be kept at h ind for quick use when the need arises. 60 ota a box. Economy sise jar 62XXX
which are tis vulva©—
4
/
of Europe from the Bay of Biscay to Cologne had been hit. In their judgment there was not a single place in this area that could now handle even moderately heavy military traffic. Trains could still run, but the systems could no longer support emergency mobilization and movement. Reconnaissance photographs showed storage and loading yards crated from end to end by bombs, complicated switching arrangements and ‘choke points" ripped up, roundhouses and heavy turntables obliterated, hundreds of pieces or rolling stock smashed or burned.
While the Continent shook to the thunder of bombs and the Berlin and Vichy radios stepped up their warning* to the captive peoples, the atmosphere of Britain, staging area tor the Invasion of Europe was one of calm and confidence, comments The New York Times. Observe:# in London noted that on the surface there was nothing to indicate the final stage of preparations for the great test had been reached, that in various headquarters scattered throughout the city invasion plans were receiving a last careful scrutiny, that in the countryside around the capital as well as front the northern tip of Scotland to the westernmost point of Cornwall Britain was one vast armed camp, thronged with men awaiting the signal to go.
Mood In Britain
Londoners, and all Britons, have been “sitting on top of a volcano" so long they are neither particularly excited nor especially nervous. The hour when invasion becomes possible has been longed for as one which will mean the beginning of the end in a war which for the British has lasted nearly five years. They view the coming Allied assault with a mixture of gladness, relief and worry for their fighting men.
Tania Long, a member of The New York Times staff in London, cables this description of the preinvasion scene:	The war of nerves	from	the German side	is
hvaing no effect whatsoever. This is partly because the British have heard it all before, partly because everyone is so busy there is no time to worry now about what the Germans may do, partly because of the British lack of imagination,	which stood	them	in
such good stead in the earlier and darker periods of the war
"On the streets, in the trains ai d buses and restaurants, it is not invasion that is the topic of conversation but such things as the tulips in Birdcage Walk and the	price	of	lettuce.	There	is
practically no speculation as to the	date	of	D-Day. Londoners
know it is coming and are willing to leave the date to General Eisenhower. People preserve their normal appearance. Reports from New York appearing in British papers, depicting the American people as sitting on the edges of their chairs, are read with some astonishment and persons arriving in Britain remark with some bewilderment on the calm normality. Except for the newspapers there is little to remind a Londoner of the great drama about to unfold.
Railroads Blasted
The blasting of railroads went into its third week and British transportatou experts said that every railroad yard of any împor-tane in a 100-mile deep stretch
i

The

)
i

The Pick of Tobacco
Dr. Chase’s Ointment
VOICE
Who Fights Whom?
THUMBS HER WAY
OTTAWA REPORTS
The simultaneous attack on airfields in western Europe was equally methodical and tar-rang-FrowU the English Channel to Clermont-Ferrand, in cental France, the Luftwaffe’s bases and facilities were being smashed. While runways can be quickly restored, the damage done to parked aircraft and to service and repair hangars cuts heavily into the operational value of these fields, and to observers in London it seemed likely the Germans would have to rely on more remote hases for their main aw activity.
O F
1 H B
----There are now 33. United
Nations and nine Axis Nations.
Germany is the only Axis Nation at war with all 33 United Nations.
None of the United Nations is at war with all nine Axis Nations.
That Canada’s Output Of Farm Machinery In 1945 Will Equal Average Of 1940 and 1941
PRESS
Itlg


Rare Birds
Good news for farmers is the Wartime Prices and Trade Board announcement that total tonnage of farm machinery to be produced in Canada in 1945 will equal the average output of 1940 and 1941, and there will be no rationing of farm machinery repairs, and no restrictions on the quantities of these to be manufactured, administrator of farm and construction machinery points out, however, that rationing of equipment wiii still he necessary next year and only the most urgent and essential needs can be met. In addition to the tonnage of farm equipment being made available for ordinary domestic use, the administrator said that Canadian manufacturers will produce an additional tonnage specifically for the establishment of war veterans on farms of farm equipment for rehabilitation under the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Association program also will entail an additional tonnage.
A centenarian says the secret o4 living to be 100 lies in the minding of one's own business. And that, of course, is what makes the centenarian virtually as rare as tlie dodo and the great auk.
r
Australia is the only United Nation to declare war on Vichy France.
The Fighting French are at war only with Germany and Japan.
India and Norway arc at war only with Germany.
Brazil, India, Norway, Greece and Russia art the only United Nations not at war with Japan.
The United States is at war with Albania, but not Finland; Great Britain with Finland, but not Albania United States and Great Britain are both fighting eight out of the nine Axis Nations, there is a difference in which ones.
c
Ottawa Chile#
9
y
Lack of Space
The

When we told a lady subscribes the other day we didn’t have space to print a long story about her club's doings, she replied. “1 don't see why not; you always have plenty of space for that old war and those old politics."
¦ •
«F
The Fortress Garrison

By the latest estimates the Germans arc supposed to have sixty-nine divisions
760,000 men — stationed or in reserve in Western Europe. Some of these are air forces. Fifty-two divisions—572,000 men—-are beieved to be in France
Brandon Sue

Thus, although the
Is That New?
Equipped with the latest scientific knowledge, according to a writer, a 96-pound woman can throw a 190-pound man to his knees. What’s so new about that?
and the Low Countries under Field Marshal General Karl von Rund-stedt. Within this command is a separate field army of nine to twelve divisions, to be moved wherever it is needed, probably under Field Marshal General Erwin Rommel. In Norway there are perhaps twelve divisions and in Denmark five. Against this the Allied have in Britain forces numbered in the millions, representing British, Canadan. American and other Allied armies, and with countless weapons of all kinds.
More than that, there is for Germany the great threat in the east. All signs point to a large-scale preparation for a new Red Army offensive to start at the same time as the invasion from the west. Moat observers feel the main weight of the attack will be aimed through Poland. Supporting this view have been the heavy Russian air assaults during the last ten days on Gcr man communications centers behind the front
Leave it to woman’s ingenuity to transfer the lowly thimble to war plane production. Hazel Porterfield, worker in Douglas Aircraft Company’s Santa Monica plant, is pictured with thimble screwdriver she devised because her work involved holding large pieces ol metal in one hand and awkwardly balancing screws and screwdriver with the other. Her gadget which won a plant suggestion award, is now used extensively throughout
the plant.
Canada's contribution
Approximately 7,000 calves were vaccinated against Bang’s Disease in British Columbia during 1943.
Hun Hides For Sale
Relieved of air attacks, Malta will soon resume the shipping oi hides to Britain. The Maltese must have a lot on hand, principally of German and Italian fliers.
—St. Thomas Times-Jouriial
BREATH OF LIFE
A former Senior Livestock Field-man at Moncton, N.B., who has taken an active part in boys’ and girls’ farm club promotion, Edmond F. Pineau, has been appointed Associate Chief, Livestock and Poultry Division, Production Service, Dominion Department of Agriculture in charge of co-ordinating boys* and girls’ farm club policies throughout the Dominion. He was •among the first to form boys’ and girls’ clubs in New Brunswick and coached several provincial cham-lion teams for the annual competition in Toronto.

wasted if the colonies are not closely watched during the period between the early flow from dandelion and fruit bloom and the main flow from clover, advises C. B. Gooderhain, Dominion apiarist. The early flow stimulates the colony to its maximum production of brood but seldom permits a surplus to be stored for emergencies. Any shortage of food at this time résulta first in a reduction of brood rearing which in turn means fewer bees for the harvest, and secondly it may end in starvation and death of the whole colony. A few lbs. of sugar given at this time may save a colony of bees and a lot of honey.
Or IS, or II?
And, if there -is a case for giving the ballot to the ll-jrear-ol* why not at IT, when he—and she— knows everything?
Mr. Pineau will be

i

f

Edmonton Journal
H
Another Green
Unless you get busy, the firsl thing to turn green this Summer will be your envy of the neighbor's gardens.
% A -	,
7f.
I
*
/
Æ

Kitchener Record
Threat of Encirclement
Finally there is the prospect of an Allied move in the south coincident with D-Day in the west. The Germans openly predict such an attack but are as unsure of where it will come as they are in western Europe. Last week they claimed to have taken new defensive measures in southern France, central and northern Italy and in the Balkans. Throughout this area Allied bombers were pounding hard at large rail centers.
This encircling threat, protracted day after . day, emphasizes the Nazis' problem. Not knowing the “where, when and how much’’ of the Allied plan they cannot make final disposition of their defending forces. They must be prepared for a fluid situation, for diversions, feints and secondary attacks. They must be able to keep their mobility to meet the chief threats as they develop. The air attacks on their communications are designed to p-event just that.
Arrangements have been completed with the British Food Mission for the purchase of any dried white peas produced in Canada ie 1944, surplus to Canadian requirements, the Agriculture Department has just announced.

i
And Deep
à
The same slogan is appropriate for Victory Bonds and Victory Gardens—dig down!
i
\>i
$
Stratford Beacon-Herald
Girl Scout life-saving training of Mrs. Davis Evans of Chicago, saved life of her 15-montha-old daughter, Margaret, with whom she is pictured. Baby was choking with convulsions, and Mrs. Evans breathed into her mouth until in-halator squad arrived.
To shorten milking time, the Dominion Experimental Station at Normandin, Que., has tried to do away with stripping the cows by hand after milkng them by machine. J. A. Belzile of the Normandin Station says, "We have not succeeded entirely with the old cows, that is, those milked by hand before a milking machine was installed, but heifers started on the milking machine at their first lactation do not generally require stripping by hand."
#
$
Canada's plan to deliver 600 million pounds of bacon to Britain during 1944 seems well on the way to fulfillment Since the first oi this year inspected packing plants have processed more than 200,000 hogs a week on an average topping the record of last fall when for the first time the weekly number was 180,000. In order to meet British and domestic needs, the Dominion Department of Agriculture advises that every good quality hog that can be produced
will be required.
» * *
Bean seeds of the green podded varieties may have to be used this year instead of wax or snap beans. T. F. Ritchie of the Central Experimental Farm horticulture staff says that a number of the green podded varieties are equal, if not superior, to the wax beans which are in short supply.
Do not discard the outer leaves of lettuce, cabbage, escarok, turnip or beet tops more healthful iron than the inner leaves.
HONORS HEROES
They contain
LOADING A THOUSAND POUND BOMB


3#





&






Output Of Aircraft Soars In Australia
%

A

Australia's aircraft industry is still expanding, with at least two plants having turned their 1.000th plane over to the Royal Australian Air Force. The Federal Department of Aircraft Production, which is manufacturing Beaufort bombers, delivered its 606th plane as long ago as last November.
Both British and American type planes are being built. Before the war the men who build them worked on farms, in shops and in offices. The Government has spent about $175,000,000 in promoting the aircraft industry in Australia.

t









Princess Beatrice

X




SI'
Princess Beatrice, ninth child of Queen Victoria, and last surviving member of her generation, was 87 on April U. She is now at the former residence of the Earl of Athlone, Brantridgc Park, Sussex. It is 59 years since she married Prince Henry of Battenbcrg, and since his death in 18UC she has been Governor of the Isle of Wight Her widowed daughter, the former Queen of Spain, lives abroad, and is not likely to return to London until after the war ends.


$
$
z


All the winter and spring care expended on bees may easily be


Photo abo/e is the latest camera portrait of Lt -Gen Walter Kreuger, commander of the 6th Army in the southwest Pacific, taken when he recently pinned a "streamer* award on the colors of the Headquarters 1 Corps of the 6th at an
advanced base wÊtÊ/KÊÊËÈIÊÊtÊt
for action in defeating strong Jap forces on Papua, northern New Guinea.

SAVt
4*


by staying at
A one thousand pound bomb on its way to the under carriage of a Kitty-bomber operating from an advanced airfield in Italy. The wing to which these men belong has, in one day, operated in support of the 8th Array, 6th Army, over the beach-head south of Rome, and helped the partisans in Yugo slavia.

Corps was citea
FORD
I»
Since 1919 more than one-third of the population of Britain lias been rehoused.
:
HOTELS

REG’LAR FELLERS—Eternal Spring Problem
By GENE BYRNES
i
s
l
iJZIJflll
rTHERES MO HELP
for. it—i’ll hafta
GET MV NERVE, UP AN’ AST HER. POINT-BLANK—IT SEEMS
' HEY, MOM!
KIM I TAKE Off MY HEAVY WINTER UNNAWARE MOW-CAN I, MOM ?
I SUPPOSE EV'ILY GUV IS IN TH’ «SAME FIA ABOUT THIS
TIME OF WYEAJL/
EVERY SPRING ITS TH SAME PROBLEM-AN’ I’M STUCK AS USUAL ?
urn

1»
f
what Dio
TO BE TH’
SPRING
/
»» blgktr
ILL SET
J
ONEY WAV
ITS A
i
MAM'S
*-*2S0


I h*
$ I
^2 m
Im
X

4%

A


e
/*
r *
A





*
z
f )
I

N
'Vi
y

. t
3tn
:fr
t
I
• %

/>
###PAGE###3###


%

2,500 Home Defence
Troops ‘Go Active*
Nazi Glider Tug
Has Five Motors
Gefreody for HAYING.
ORDER *
MACDONALD'S
More than 2,500 home defence troops stationed at Vernon, B C. have volunteered for active service overseas, Major-Gen. G. R. Pear Ices, general officer commanding-in-chief of Pacific Command, said last week in an address congratulating the volunteers on their appeals to go active."
"A month ago there were less than 400 active servicemen in the four battalions at Vernon station," Gen.Peafkcs said. "Today more than 2,500 ofifeers, N.C.O.'s and men have volunteered."
?z
For months, fliers who returned from trips over Germany with reports of a five-motored German plane were pooh-poohed for their pains, says Newsweek Allied officials know definitely that such a craft exists. One was shot down, along wtih the two gliders it was towing, over France monstrosity is actual# two Hein-kel 111 bomber-fuselages hitched together by a long wing and unconnected anywhere else. The fifth motor is mounted in the middle of this wing. In performance, it's apparently alow, but powerful. However, reports which* have not yet officially been confirmed say a bomber version of this glider tug has been in service over England.
m
WINDSOR SALT
o

%
NOW
f


But now
-4 *>

k
k

I
value, terreau* payability, leaaen# danger
I
I
GaMjCddboJs ŸtCtMlLoJld Smo^jZ
The

>1
HEADY—order your 1 isdeor (
Salt bow I

sir they penetrate to the bottom of the receptacle. Particularly with bags, It is easy to suspend the repellent near the top of the bag above the hanger, and away from the clothes. Where naphthalene flakes ran be obtained, an effective method is to enclose an ounce or two in a home-made cheese cloth bag and suspend it from the top. Moth balls may be used in the same way.
Protecting Clothing From Clothes Moth
Modern Etiquette
By Roberta Let
RURAL WET DELIVERY
:: za
Sousa’s band was heard only once by his mother. It made her so nervous that she never went to hear it again.
"VS

There are two main points to be observed in the protection of household articles subject to damage by moths. The articles to be stored should be thoroughly clean, and the receptacle in which they are placed should not have the slightest hole or crack through which a moth might enter. If there be such a means of entrance, the trunk, box, drawer, bag or whatever receptacle is used, is not moth-proof.
Washable articles before being stowed away should be washed. Clothing, blankets, and such-like articles, brushed
sible, they should be sent to the dry cleaners before being placed in storage. To reduce the chance of infestation, moth balls or other repellent may be used. In trunks or boxes they may be scattered about, hut a much tidier way is to obtain pin-up medallion repellents which may be bought at most stores. They may be pinned in cupboards, and on the inside of the lids of trunks and boxes. The fumes from these chemicals are deadly to insects, and being heavier than
1.	Is a high centerpiece in good taste on the dinner table?
2.	Is it necessary that one return a first call, even if one does not desire to continue the acquaintance?
3.	Is it necessary that one acknowledge a written invitation to a
tea?

THE BEST OF FRIENDS
l
mt,
*
If a bride is wearing a veil over her face, what is the proper time to raise the veil?
Is it correct to spread jelly on bread when at the table?
6. Where is the proper place to write the date in a social letter?
Answers
4
Poles Flee Reich
In German Plane
*
>
/
6


m
Two young Poles with prewar pilot training escaped form Germany in a Nazi training plane and landed in Sweden recently.
The youths said they dressed in stolen German uniforms and presented themselves at the Breslau Flying School, claiming they had orders to make a test flight. The Germans, they said, fueled the plane for them and 3% hours later they landed in Sweden.


should be thoroughly Preferably, where pos-



M




mm
i

1. No; the centerpiece should be low enough so that the view of persons sitting on opposite sides of the table is not obstructed Yes; and this first call should be made within ten days not obliged to do so conclusion of the ceremony, and it is considered the duty of the maid




m


«
t
3. One is 4 At the
After the Mississippi's flood wa* had topped the .levee at sev-aral points near St. Lotus, the
an had to splash twice (oi I of honor when she hands back the to deliver letters to this | bouquet to the bride. 5. No; the
correct way is to eat a portion of bread followed by a bit of jelly, which is conveyed to the mouth on the tip of the fork. 6. It is
Paper Developed I usually written on the last page, at
r ___	| the left of the signature. •

Friendship, just a perfect friendship, has sprung up Between white rabbit and young fox at San Francisco zoo. Here, the usually amicable pair are having slight argument about who is to get firit bite of carrot Dispute was easily settled
The climbing perch from Asia is a fish that can walk on dry land and climb trees.
mailbox on the city's outskirts.
Tough War Map
FOR HALE
FOR SALE
BABY CHICKS
HAIRDRESSING
ELECTRIC MOTORS, NEW. USED, bought, sold, rebuilt; belts, pulleys, bruehes. Allen Electric Company Ltd.. 2326 Dufferln SL, Toronto.
MILKING MACHINES
SPECIAL PRICES FOB JUNE
AND JULY
Barred Rock Mixed ..
New Hampshire Mixed White Leghorn Mixed .... 10c Barred Rock Pullets .
White Leghorn Pullets Don’t delay. $1.00 books your order
Cartetoa Hatchery, Britannia Height*. Ontario.
AMBITIOUS GIRLS and MIDDLE AGE
GEM INE H I N M A N RUBBERS and pan* for old-style shaft line milkers. Service hy mall. G. O. Row#- ér Company Limited, Dis. tributors, 47 Crang Ave.. Toronto, Ont.
Paper you can write on and erase satisfactorily when it'» soaking wet has been developed for use in war
... 10c
Have You Heard?
lie
• • • •
women, learn hairdressing at Canada*» f Mme* t and largest schools. Refined, dignified work. Splendid pay. Write or call for free literature. Marvel Hairdressing Schools, 368 Bloor Street, Toronto. Branches 44 King Street. Hamilton, and 74 Rideau Street. Ottaw a.
JU8T OUT. ILLUSTRATED CANadian catalogue, 1944 edition, 60c. Vincent’s Stamp Shop, 294 St. Catherine West, Montreal.
... 17c
PS
20c
Maps printed on this paper, the United States Commerce Depart-nt announced recently, retain their strength after being soaked with water or oil, trampled in the mud, subsequently washed with Soap and water or dipped in gaso-
Thr paper now is being produced eommerchdly in quantities sufficient to meet the armed forces' needs.
Smith: "VX hat's this check stub, one pullover—$25? I don’t want to appear like a cheapskate,. but isn't that a lot of money for a pullover?"
Wife: "The man on the motorcycle said it was the regular price."
Smith: "You got it from a man on a motorcycle?"
Wife. "Yes, I went through a red light, and he drove up and •aid, 'Pull over
FARM FOR «ALE, 3% miles from Timmins, 160 acres. 70 cleared, new farmhouse, 22 cow barn, •table, etc., 17 milch cows, machinery, 3 horses; with or without stock: inquire further Box 455, Timmins. Ontario.
HEW INVENTED SNAltE THAI*
IF YOU ARK INTERESTED IN catching bear», wolves, foxes or groundhogs and weasel, here's your opportunity, a simple inexpensive Trigger you can make In 10 minutes Is a sure catch for any suspicious animal. 11.00 for plan and instructions. Peter Zlepnig. Waltham, Quebec.
ALL SIGNS POINT TO A RECORDbreaking demand for May and June chicks. Look ahead as far as you like and you won't see any let up in the worId demand for chicken meat and eggs. Chickens and eggs are a quick cash crop, much quicker than beef, pork and lamb. What's important right now Is to order your chicks today and get them at once. .We can give prompt delivery on practically all the popular breeds in day olds, also ask for bargains on five and six week old Leghorn pullets. Free catalogue. Top Notch Chickeries. Guelph, Ont.
LEARN BA'RDRffftSINO THE Robertson method on request regarding Robertson’s Hairdressing Academy, 117 Avenue Road. Toronto.
Information
classes.
LARGE GLADIOLUS BULBS. RAINbow collection of outstanding varieties, 2 dozen SI. 10 delivered. Kuypu s Bulbs, Hatzic, B.C. We grow the beat only.
•nr
POULTRY GRIT •
PEACH TREES. APPLES. PEARS, cherries, plums, currants, grapes, asparagus, strawberry plants, raspberries. Norfolk Nursery, Simcoe.
I M
WIGS, TOUTES, TRANSFORM-allons. Switches, Curia and all types of finest quality Hair Goods. Write for Illustrated catalogue. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co., 628 Bathurst Street, Toronto.
Soluble
Analysis
r Insoluble
Eliminate costly oyster shells by. using “StreKco" white poultry grits for healthier birds and more eggs. Available immediately in 100 lb. bags in any quantity. Write for samples and prices.
The despondent business man climbed wearily into his luxurious car.
“Where to, air ?" the chauffeur asked.
Drive off a cliff, James,” was the reply; "I'm committing suicide."
Reservations Now
For Sea Voyages
X
BURLINGTON, 5 OR 20 ACRES; apples and pears, bearing; no buildings. Rox 141, 73 Adelaide W«st, Toronto.
DEALERS WANTED
MEDICAL
Whatever the future of the transatlantic air services may be there fc still a demand for yea voyages.
The Cunard Line is being kept very busy with reservations in the : Queen Mary and the Queen Elizabeth for first voyages after the war.
Both liners are now in “battle dress," but they will be put into ! normal commission as scon as possible after the war.
The Queen Elizabeth has yet to make a commercial voyage. Her first trip will be regarded as her maiden voyage, and the Cunard office in New York has an impressive passenger list already in reservations.
•TIN *031 HEED *1 PPL Y CO.
LIMITED
8B88 Delorimirr Aie.. Mostresl
FARMS FOR SALE. IN TEMI8K-amlng district, close to highway, railway, markets, bargains. Write Zalck Wrtlieb. Wawbewawa, Ont.
IF YOU WANT CHICKS—NOW— we can supply you with seme breeds, for instance leghorns, and B M. x W.L Other breeds brooders — save time, get eggs quicker, with these. Write, phone or drop In. Bray Hatchery, 130 John N. Hamilton. Ont.
DIXONS REMEDY—FOR NEURITIS and Rheumatic Pains. Thousands satisfied. Munro's Drug Store, 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
STOCK FOR SALE
GRADE 9AÀXEX GOATS, JUST freshened, good milkers. Write Wm. Rowland, H R. 3, Belleville. Ontario.
SERVICEABLE AGE AND YOUNGer dual-purpose Shorthorn bulls from R.O.P. dams, deep, thick, typy. Females, all ag$e. cows, heifers, calves. Alan Alderson, Route 4 Hamilton.
With his usual long-wndcdness, the bore was describing one of his hair-breadih escapes.
"There was I," he said, “on a lonely road, miles from anywhere, with a blazing car think I did?"
One weary listener stifled his yawns long enough to reply: "Took • long breath and blew it out!"
YOU GET QUICK RELIEF FROM * Eczema and Psoriasis by using Pstson's Eczema Ointment. Stops burning and Itching: soothes and heals cuts, burns and piles. Hundreds of satisfied customers. 60c and $1 postpaid. Patson Health Products. 261 St. Catherine West, Montreal
SUPERIOR CHICKS, ALL BREED-era blood tested Write for our special low prices for end of May. June and July chicks. Leghorns, Barred Rocks, Hampshire». Rock H amp, Sussex, Sussex Hamps
cockerels, 6-8-10-12 week old pul-
Cts	* mtmmttm
Superior Hatchery, LI in wood, Ont.
NO. 1 VANGUARD OATS, GROWN from Registered seed. power cleaned and buffed, rust resistant. Heavy crop la>t year. $1.10 bushel. John McVean, Durham, Ontario.
HELP WANTED
What do you
EXPERIENCED FLOORMAN AND all round printer, permanent position. Apply Fyle H791M, Nearest selective Service Office.
I
mixed chicks, pullets.
FOR POULTRY MEN ONLY
MAKE MONEY AND PLAN FOR post.war years by reading the Canadian Poultry Review each month. Address, 208 Richmond Toronto. 1. Subscription
82.00 for three
for Immediate delivery
THE CORNWALL GENERAL Hospital, Cornwall. Ont., Is now selecting applicants for student nurses August 1. 1944.
STOMACH AND THREAD WORMS often; aff In human raune! Why not find out If this Is your trouble? interesting par-
Free! Write Mulveney’s Remedies. Specialists. Toronto S, Ont
the cause of Ill-health s all ages. No one Im-
"When I was travelling in Russia they showed me a bed twenty feet long."
"Well, I dunno—sounds like • lot of bunk to me."
STARTED PULLETS, COCKERELS and non-sexed chicks for immediate delivery 2, 8, 4 and 6 week old at special prices while they last. Have some genuine bargains In four and five week old White Leghorn pullets. Send for special pricelist. Also day olds for Im. mediate delivery. Also 8 week old pullets and older. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
Rt. W $1.0<i per year year*.
WANTED FULLY QUALIFIED teachers for Home Economics and General Shop, to teach grade work in morning periods. Write giving qualification? and salary, expected, to A. Colebourr.e, Secretary, Riverside Public School Board, 345 Fairview Blvd., Riverside. Ont.
ttcular

“PLOUGHMAN'S FOLLY” BY ED. ward H. Faulkner. The book you have been reading about in Readers Digest and Time Magazine. It tells you how to grow bigger and better crop* with less work. Postpaid $1.55, Duggan, Box 253, Station H. Montreal.
Headac
BAUMEEKA FOOT BALM destroys offensive odor Instantly. 46o bottle. Ottawa agent, Denman Drug Store. Ottawa.
WHAT SCIENCE IS DOING
Nothi ng is more depressing than headaches...
Why suffer?-. La mbjy’s will give instant relief Lam Ely's is good for ear-•che, toothache, pains in Jy y, hack, stomach. Dowels.
$60 .UO MONTHLY—WOMAN FOR general housework, good hom\
i_jp6 HflÜ| WÊÊÊ
Park Rd.. Islington
SIX WEEK OLD WHITE LEGHORN pullets all from Government-Approved bloodtested stock $34.90, four week old $32.90 per hundred, fiend your order at once before they «11 go. Will ship C.O.P. anywhere. AJho day old chicks and other started chicks at rock bottom prices. Free catalogue. Top Notch Chlckeries, Guelph, Ont.
READ THIS—EVERY SUFFERER of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon s Remedy. Mun-ro'e Drug Store, 335 Elgin, Ottawa, Postpaid $1.00.
170 ACRES ON GRAND RIVER IN Haldimand County. Good buildings. booth, park, and two gas wells. Price $8.500. Terms. Wm. J. Wien, 247 Fairleigh S., Hamil-
H. Day. Burnhamthorps
WANTED—YOUNG GIRL WISHING spend few weeks or longer Toronto, to help In house, two sdluts. comfortable living quarters, considerate people, residence centrally located, expert# nee no: necessary, character refer» nee rt -Cl ui red. wages twenty.fiv# per month, railway fare advanced, overnight hospitality extended parent or guardian if desired. Mrs. Gordon Ramsay, 232 Poplar Plains Rd.. Toronto.
Vivicillin V8
ton

AM B
PHOTOGRAPH!
FOR ANGORA BREEDING STOCK, write for prices to Halycon Angoras. Pickering, Ont.
A new drug that may well play an # important role in cheeking invasion casualties and reducing the death toll has been developed in London
knpwn as vivicillin if a development of penicillin and can be produced in large quantités at comparatively low cost.
Recent experiments conducted in Wellhouse Hospital, Barnett, London, have shown it to be effective in septicemia and hemophilia cases, as well as in cases w here bums had endangered the lives of patients.
The results astonish doctors, who, however, make iu extravagant claims at this stage of the new drug's efficacy.
A statement issued at the hospital emphasized that vivicillin is not a cure-all, although it has been used with cncoitragng results and its application in wider fields is expected.
"Penicillin is not available for use by civilian hospitals and medical practitioners, and it would appear that the chief value of vivicillin lies in its comparatively low cost of manufacture and ease of I
SPECIAL PRICES
ON COLORED AND FRAMED
HEADACHE POWDERS ie
De WALT HAWS AND WOODWORKIng Machine».. Newest types available from direct factory rep eentatives for Canada. Quotations gladly furnished on application. DeWilt Disher Corporation Ltd., 402 West Pender Su Vancouver, B.C.
YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT DUDS' may cost. Baby chicks that don't live to maturity can run up quite a bill for feed and lodging and brooder.room before they "kick the bucket". And the sad part Is these "quitters" take up space and care that might otherwise be given to worthwhile specimens #o that every day the "duds'* live Increases loss. You avoid much risk when you get chicks that are Government Approved from blood-tested breeders, of promising livability. from Tweddie Hatcheries. Start all the chicks you can handle:	there’ll be a
market for every one of the and for their eggs—and get Tweddie Thicks. Day old and older—non-sexed. pullets and cockerels of all popular breeds, fiend for 1S44 catalogue and reduced prices for May and June delivery. Prompt delivery guaranteed, also bargains In started chicks. Tweddie Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus. Ontario.
ENLARGEMENTS
laboratories
HEMORRHOIDS
Quality Enlargements 4x6" In Beautiful easel mounts, 3 for 25c. Frim-
Clrcasaian finish
2 Special Remedies
ed In Gold. Sliver Walnut or Black Ebon frame», on Ivory mats . each. If coloured 79c each.
WANTED

69c
WANTED IN YOUR DISTRICT someone to take orders In their •pare time for day old chicks for a large Canadian Government Approved Chick Hatchery? Vo investment required. Liberal commission. Write Box 130, 73 Adelaide St. West. Toronto.
PO» Remedy Na 1 k for Protruding r Pike, and is add in Tube, with pipe, application. Pr.ce 76e. Mecca Pile .21afor External Itching Pii» Hold w for external use only. Price
i
DR J. H. ENGEL'S MINERALIZED Yeast has been helpful In the
tea-
ANY SILE ROLL
• or I exposure»
prevention of abortion. Many tlmonials verify its value. 100 $15.00 plus charge» for cattle, sheep, goats, swine. We claim our Mineral
No.
lbs
60c.
Nnexcelled and and
Yeast Powders for all animais are not only corrective agents for malnutrition but they more than pay for themselves In growth, vigor and production. Dr. J. H. Engel, corner Queen and Princess Sts., Waterloo. Ont Write for booklet
DEVELOPED AND PRINTED 25c
Get prompt mall service on quality work at low cost Satisfied customers all over Canada will tell you that Star Snapshot Service does the best work.
for full details
If yes suffer MONTHLY
FEMALE FAIN
You who suffer crarips, headache.
PASTURE WANTED. WANTED REliable farmers who have extra good pasture and accommodation to pasture herds of young cattle for cash monthly near Toronto. Write fully Office Box 678, Toronto.
DON’T TAKE RISKS WITH YOUR FILMS
Snapshots can never be taken again. Send your rolls to Canada's largest and finest finishing studio—
Preferably ¦¦ Poet
backache, and tired, nervous feeling* -due to female functional disturbances — should try Lydia ». Pink ham's Vegetable Compound. It
ARMY BOOTS
WANTED, LITTERS PUPPIES, grown dogs, any breed. Ptate
price. Box 52. Lansing P.O.
NEWLY RECONDITIONED BOOTS of our armed forces, perfect con-
f JM|H
army shoes.
$2.25 delivered antee
STAR SNAPSHOT SERVICE
$3.25 delivered. Ladles' perfectly rebuilt Money-back c State sise, send money order. Buskin A Co., Peterborough,
Bo* 129. Postsl Terminal A, Toronto Print Tour Name and Address Plainly on All Orders.
most important organ*. Also a itomach tonic 1 Made in Canada.
V* VIG FT Agit
PARTNER FOR SHOW HORSE farm (Hunters A Jumpers), Box 631, 73 Adelaide W.. Toronto.
BAH RED ROCK COCKERELS. 4 eeks old. 30c each Six 40c each. Blood-tested, well started stock. Order now for May or
June delivery
Scott Siding, New Brunswick
Worth trying
guar-
eeks
LYDIA E. PINKHAM’S

TIME TESTED QUALITY SERVICE and SATISFACTION
WANTED TO BVY TRAtTOK OR will trade Forrfmll H for bigger tractor. Box 23, Ethelbert. Man.
Forrest Wright
COLORED NURSERY
FREE
Catalogue. FuH line of Fruit Trees; Evergreens; Flowering Shrubs; Perennials; Shade Trees; Roses; Brookdale-Klngswsy Nurseries, Bowmanvllle, Ontario.
S WHY HAVE
Your films properly developed and
printed
S OR 8 EXPOSURE ROLLS 26c REPRINTS • for 25c FINEST ENLARGING SERVICE y not get all the films you
WANT-TO BUY. RENT OR TAKE over considering partnership, complete small cotton or 1 7WM mill, operating or operated recently. Aiau lived a warping mill and cotton or woollen looms 4x1 and 4x4. 66" to 72" wide freed# spare) with Dobby and Multiplier. Box 142. 73 Adelaide W.. Toronto.
REDUCED PRICES FOR CHICKS. Barred Rocks and Leghorns 11c.
Strain, Rucks are u.B.a. breed, lug. All breeders are blood tested. One dollar books your order. J. D. Johnson. Fergus. Ont.
âm 'MYSORE
oolien
FEET?
urvÙ^Ltû'11 in Quantity, iiiàkiûg it
available 1<f \ large fiiasî of the

8LIPJT HARNESS DRESSING — Finest leather and harness preservative. SI I pi t also has many houeshold uses 26c up at most grocery, hardware and chsln Stores A product of Lloyds Laboratories. Toronto.
You
want this year, but you can get all the quality and service you desire by sending your films to
wÿm
i
population so far unprovided for."
The drug also has been used with lemarkable success in cases of peritonitis and acute mastoiditis, where one to four injections were made. In several cases of infected burns and septic wounds the drug has been administered externally with excellent results. It was reported.
V

IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
Station J. Toronto.
CORD WOOD CONTRACTOR
WASTED
DYEING A CLEANING
WANTED—CORDWOOD COUTH AO tor t< ut and put on r*!I« ?
burtoi and r
THROW GASOLINE AGAINST storm, returns vapor. That's how
STOR-UOWOÊÊÈÊlSÈmÉÈÊÊÊÈÊP
more miles. Build yourself, it m simple. Results good. Plans 85c J. A Frlesen. Box 65. WINKLER
Manitoba.
HAVE YOU ANYTHING NREOH dyeing or clearflngT Write to us for information. We are gl# answer your questions Dei B ¦¦Parker's Dye W Limited, TSl Tonga Afreet
FKTHEHSTONHAUGH * COMPANY Patent Solicitors. Established I69h;	16 King West, Toronto.
Booklet of Information on request
Vaporizer product»
16 rc
in of wood In H
d to part-orks
A


Cli.ee t
SFLWMENI
:
/
A
my. sî.Mj
45 Adel
Tu-
fit East,
<
T
ronto.
to.

/> i
$


###PAGE###4###
->X

Wall Decorations Remove
Office's Halt P riod
THE EQUITY
T
WORK CLOTHES
How eyestrain and nervousness of employees were checked in a large, well-illuminated general factory office in which the light was too glaring for desk workers, is explained in a bulletin of the National Association of Manufacturers.
Complaining of eyestrain and fatigue, accounting machine workers showed a tendency to leave their work frequently and to be fidgety and irritable. Study showed the walls and columns caused glare and distraction. In glancing up the eye was saturated with brightness. When it returned to its task there was a temporary "blind” period during hrnntrhL which the employee had to wait for .— I his vision to adjust itself to the
darker working area.
By painting the walls a soft, bluish green, greater visibility was obtained. In glancing up, the lowered brightness of the surroundings was relaxing and restful. When attention was again directed at the work, there were no "blind” or "halt” periods. Under contrary conditions, extensive use of white or very light colored paint might be indicated, according to the intensity or dimness of the lighting.
a
Shawville, May 25th, 1944

hkkn
k
J ‘ jf
I

Shawvllle Council
v

That give that lasting satisfaction
essential to those who require “Toughness” with “Fit"
May 1st, 1944
The regular meeting of the Municipal . mncil of the Village of Shaw ville, was held at Hynes’ Hall on the above date. Present :	Mayor McDowell in the
chair , and Councillors Smith, Cotie, Horner, Hodgins, Hobbs and Schwartz The minutes of the last meeting were
on motion of Crs
we

v
*



approved
Hudgins.
rvad and a
Smith and
The fallowing accounts were before Council for examination Gatineau Power Company ...
Gatineau Power Company ...
Markrite Manufacturing Jo..
Hudgins Lumber Vo.,.........
Libour on Streets ..........
Insane Account .............
Est. C. J. Caldwell.........
Public Indigents Hospital Ac t 29!) 49
Mrs R. Howard Mrs. L E. Thomson Moved by Cr Hobbs, seconded by Cr Schwartz, that the above accounts be paid.—Carried.
After mature discussion and deliberation the following Resolution was passed with the unanimous consent of Council.
That this Council do make a grant of Ten thousand dollars to the Pontiac Community Hospital, Inc., for the sjiecifiî purpose of aiding in the erection of a new County Hospital, payable as required according to the needs of Hospital, provided always that such new hospital be erected within the limits of the Village of Shawville —
Carried unanimously.
Moved by Cr Cotie, seconded by Cr Horner, that Messrs. R. G. Hodgins, John Murray and C. A. L. Tucker be a ppointed as valuators for the year 19W. —Carried.
Motiyn—Crs Hodgins and Smith— to adjourn.
Men’s Cottonade T rousers in 10 ounce doeskin, tough, durable. Brown and grey.
'/jM

V\
CLOTHES
*49 98 47 75 3 3f>
CuutA NetJiWM*

,1000 PtASMA C,
$2.50
87
76 43 67 58
Of \mn mu* emr mouth
Navy blue twill in a sanforized cloth, rivitted pockets to stand the strain, watch pocket
1 36
r.
5 (X
¦jr
5 00

$2.25
r
6

A


JOB
Hull Soybeans Differently From Peas or Lima Beans
Soybeans are hulled differently from peas or lima beans. To prepare them for cooking, pour boiling water over the pods and let them stand five minutes in the boiling water. Drain, and then hull them by breaking the pod crosswise and squeezing out the beans.	/
Add one cup of boiling water and three-fourths teaspoon of salt to one pint of the hulled beans, cover and cook for 10 minutes, counting time when the beans begin to boil. Check the time accurately and avoid overcooking. Soybeans of the vegetable type should still be bright green in color after cooking and have a nutty texture. They do not soften like green peas but can be used in any of the ways that green peas or lima beans are used.
When they are cooked, drain them and season with butter or in any other manner desired. Crisp bits of bacon or salt pork add pleasing flavor and may be used in place of the butter. Some people like a small portion of cream poured over the beans just before they are served. Others favor a thin, well-seasoned cream sauce.
Men's covert cloth work shirts, checks, plain shades


I
I?::::::':::-:::
mm

$1.25

- .





solid leather uppers with
Men’s work shoes, heavy leather soles
Beginning May 31st, store will close at 12 o’clock, noon, every Wednesday
S>*.
r FOR PIGS, CATTLE
POULTRY
Deal With People You Know
We have been making good feed* right
l‘ere aroundrti.i< dwlricf know ns well -
Ask them 1
NORTH STAR CHICK STARTER
$3.50
*
m

rue



mere
L â	vplgfhind and
rmberdash ety Hit men and boys
Will help develop strong, sturdy, healthy chick» quickly - make them ditetve re
....I. ;.f
protein*, carbohydrates, etc., in ample quantities for best result».
H. C. Row at
Secretary-Treasurer
\
: *
Galvanized Roofing
Galvanized roofing should be I minted with a metallic zinc paint U the first sign of rust or when the i oof shows a dark discoloration. The roof should be put in good physical shape, with all gutters and low places being cleaned of fallen leaves . find dirt, before the paint is applied. If the roof has been painted with i.ny kind of paint previously, all loose and scaly parts should be removed with a wire brush. Rinse the roof with water, after which it rhould be allowed to thoroughly dry.
î
OTTAWA VALLEY GRAIN PRODUCTS
LIMITED
RENFREW, ONTARIO

Dairy Pails
Hot Pack
In canning peaches by the hot pack method, simmer the fruit in thin or medium sirup (ft to ft cup of sugar per cup of water) for 3 to 5 minutes; do not cook until soft. Pack into containers placing cut _	.	.	_	. .	.side down, and overlapping the lay-
stacked green and made into silage, ers for uniform appearance. Fill the
which can replace about half the jars with boiling sirup. Process in hav normally fed. Where beets are hot water bath for 15 minutes, topped by machines, and the tops if you prefer to use the cold pack laid in windrows, the cost is not method, place the raw peach halves great and the feed will be worth pit side down making a firm, uni-about $20 an acre. Where beets are form pack. Cover with boiling sirup, topped by hand, the cost is much Use ft to ft cup of sugar per cup of higher, although beet tops are made water (or 5 to 8 cups per gallon), into silage in Colorado under these | Process in a hot water bath for 30 conditions 9 Records in other states minutes. If you have a pressure show’ that the return from silage fed cooker, you may process at 5 pounds to steers is three to five times the pressure for 15 minutes. However, usual price for the tops in the field
If tops were harvested, made into I the safe canning of peaches
silage or otherwise conserved and	_______________
fed in mixed rations, the return per | acre could be increased to between 150 and 250 pounds of live weight per acre, where beef is fed. Some I plane, tank or other vehicle or im-three million pounds of beef were plement of war is not necessarily T reduced from beet tops last year; standardized, but may be changed tnis could be increased four or five I while in transit to an overseas desti-times, even withv a greatly reduced nation to fit sea and air conditions acreage, if all the tops were con of visibility, and when taken from served.	one terrain to another may be
| changed as needed to reduce the chances of detection by enemy bombers in the new environment. Michigan, North Dakota, Ohio, I Camouflage schemes also may be Texas, Virginia and Kentucky were changed to accord with the condi-among the states deferring collec- tions of the different seasons or oth-1 on of property taxes owed by serv- er varying conditions. Our armed icemen until after the war, at the forces abroad are provided with same time releasing servicemen special coatings produced by Amer-from penalties and interest on the ican paint, varnish and lacquer taxes. Illinois and Iowa legislation manufacturers to enable them to in effect gave servicemen the same make quick changes in camouflage relief. To protect servicemen’s when necessary, properties receiving homestead ex '	_____
SSZ T.T'ok,Zmr'a I French-Canadian. of
service with the armed forces equivalent to residence on land receiving such exemptions. In this connec-
i
We have now on hand a limited supply of good Dairy Pails.


%
Beet Tops
The tops of sugar beets may be
Wanted
!
i
Findlay Furnaces
A few good all cast Findlay Furnaces are now available. Place your order now to insure early ~
delivery
i
>:
All kinds of
SAWLOGS
*
I
a pressure cooker is not required for
4
DALE’S TINSHOP
Highest Market Prices Paid
Cash on delivery

Adapt Camouflage
The camouflage coating of a war
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
I

The Hodgins Lumber Go
SAVE YOUR TIRES
DUNLOP
Protect Servicemen
(tcMjL
jS&icL
lllfli
Wide Sleeves and Back
Find Wheat or Barley
Exceptional Pasture Crops
Wheat or winter barley are better pasture crops than rye in many cases, since rye frequently causes off-flavor in milk. A mixture of early seeded winter barley with wheat or rye is worth considering, the barley furnishing the bulk of the pasturage in the fall, and the other grains next spring. If wheat is to be harvested for grain, whether or not it is pastured, it should be sown after the fly-free date, to avoid dan* age by Hessian fly.
A field of winter grain to be pastured is an excellent place to sow grass, clover or alfalfa, assuming cows are not allowed on the field when the soil is quite moist* since pasturing reduces the competition of the grain crop with the young seeding at a critical period in the life of the seeding. The grasses are sown in late summer or early fall with the grain, and the clover and alfalfa seed are broadcast on the grain late in the winter or early spring. The extension agronomist points out that under these circumstances a very small quantity of grass seed with the winter grain is sufficient—three pounds of timbthy, five pounds of orchard grass or eight pounds of smooth brome grass per acre. Mixtures of these grasses snould bf reduced proportionately. To use more grass seed than this will severely crowd the clover or alfalfa.
Key to House Dress
To be satisfactory a house dress must have the efficient features of any working outfit. It must have room for lots of action—reaching, walking, bending and sitting. This means that the sleeves should have sufficient width through the upper arm and fullness in the blouse is necessary, especially through the back. There must be plenty of width in the skirt with no strain on buttons and pleats. The style should be simple. yet becoming, with no fancy designing or trimming to interfere’ with easy laundering. Pockets are a convenience and should "be well p aced and sufficient in • size to be useful.
Since the house dress is the garment which will be worn many hours of the day, it should be becoming and attractive, one that the family as well as the homemaker likes. While it is difficult to find exactly what we want these days, there are lots of beautiful materials still on the market. Color and design as well as comfort and durability should be considered when making the selection. Percale, seersucker, gingham and chambray are suitable and some are available in most markets.
WITH THEIR FAMOUS PRE-WAR TREAD DESIGNS. ARE NOW OBTAINABLE IN SYNTHETIC RUBBER BUT ONLY FOR ESSENTIAL WARTIME SERVICE.
Quebec Keep Tradition
Loyal to the British Crown and ... .	A . .	an integral part of the Dominion,
tion, Michigan extended to veterans Quebec's French-Canadians faithful-cf this war homestead exemptions jy preserve the memory and eus-granted veterans of World War I, toms of their ancestors. Shop signs a step taken by other states this and radio programs in Quebec are year and in 1041 and 1042.	in both English and French. The
Ursuline Convent (1641), the Basilica (1647), the Church of Notre Dame
_ . .11	.	(1688) and Laval university (1852)
When finish mg an attic or other are monuments to France in Amer-part of a house to provide more ica. *
space for war workers or an en- Quebec was long the capital as larged family, awkwardly placed or weU as chief port of Canada under unsightly doors may be ingeniously French and British rules. Port lead-masked by painting them in the sim- ership moved to Montreal, the Do-ilitude of shelves of books, or cup- minion government to Ottawa, but boards, with vases of flowers or water power in abundance brought plants on the “shelves:” This is not growing industrial might to Quebec.
. intended to deceive anybody but It j8 a center of Canada’s enor-merely to make the room loolgmore mous pulp and paper empire. Steel, interesting and unique to its occu- gunpowder, machinery and cutlery pant and in some cases to cause it are among its manufactured contrite. seem larger, longer, higher or butions to the war.
1>u fwist better proportioned The Quebec’s popularity among vaca-ex pense is inconsequential. If you tion is ts had expanded in recent pre-pre doing a necessary paint job any war years to a 12-month basis. Grow-way, it costs little or nothing more mg interest and participation in win-in material to make it as pleasant- ter sports carnivals had added a looking ahd interesting to live with new description of the city—the M possible.	-‘North American St. Moritz."
>
Camouflage in Home

V1
te best and newest developments in I synthetic rubber
• Ail
incorporated in Dunlop S 3 Cable Cord Tires. But remember, turn ¦ will not be plentiful in 1944. So keep driving inside the prescribed
speed limit
• e •
• Cf
by a Dunlop délier.
Whether the dress is made at home or a ready-to-wear, the design should be simple, for it is not only the most serviceable but also the most beautiful.
DUNLOP - CANADA
E.1 I
M-1
THE V
< r
of
J f
If
- - - r
###PAGE###5###

Service Announcements
SUNDAY, MAY 28
own f«*»f
«
Wt
C
&
9HAWVJLL3 UNITRO CHURCH
ilcv A. F. Fores B. A., B.D. Faster
11.00	a. •.—Service at Sbswvilk.
2.00	p m —SeiViCe at Zion.
3.30 p. m—Service at Starks Cor*
OWNS yjÇgJÿf?*” A
SPECIAL
ITEMS of INTEREST
VA
nent.
First two sermons on “Criticisms oî Modem Freacliing."
I—I cannot understand the preacher's message.
i
I
Service at ^bawille,
7 30 p. no
2—I have not liai» to listen to my preacher these bu*y days.
p refit* te him*J! b • “front-lbe" i
the bet Ium ef hetterfet
e# iu
perfumes . .
reminiscent of
Old France . . .
freer
, efficient
To Farmers or Anyone Contemplating
Building or Repairing
Clarendon Circuit IUv. N T Holmes. B.A., B.D. Pastor
Service at Wesley,
Service at Norman,
Service at Yarm,
It win 4e it#
11.00	a. m.
3.00	p. m,
8.00	p. in.
CL are
•f the
f
•e
AUDACE
COMETE
HORIZON
the nearest Renfrew representative.
HOCK
Bristol United Church Lay Minister Mr. Leslie Lean
St. Andrews
Sunday School—10.00 a. in. Service—11 00 a. m.
Knox
Service—3.00 Sunday School—2.15 p. m.
Austin
Service—8.00
Sunday School—10.30 a. m.
SCALES
.70c
Light building paper, per roll...
Common tarred paper, per roll Brantford asphalt tarred felt sheeting.. $1.85
$1.25
Drop in and see in for further particulars
DOREL
Old France In miniate re

CREAM SEPARATORS
WASNINI
MACHINES
Brantford heavy dry felt sheeting, large roll .........................
$2.20
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED
RENFREW ONT SUSSEX NO
ST JOHNS PQ REGINA S A S N
THE CORNER STORE
LEO R. KEON
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard Main and Centre Sts SHAWVILLE
Roofing- Paper
ANGLICAN « St. Pau l'a
Holy Communion—11 00 a. m. Rev. W. J. White, Celebrant
Sunday School—10.00 a. in. Evening Prayer,—7.30 p. m. Rjv. R. P. Stole, of Charteris
D 1ST II 1 CT U E PK ES K N TA T1 \ E
McKee - Quebec
$1.95
Common Wartime Roofing...............
Heavy Red Slate Roofing, coloured red on one side .
Green Tile Red Slate, extra heavy double sanded, equal to 4-ply ordinary roofing, sanded both sides.. $3.20
$3.20
# #
Wilson’s Garage
1
Tfi© Same Reliable Service
ESTABLISHED 1883
North Clarendon Parish Rev, P, R. Stotk in charge
N. Onslow, Holy Communion 10.30 Thorne Centre, Evening Prayer, 2.00
Evening Prayer,
INVALID
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
COACH
HARDWARE
QBO. HYNES & SON
Ford Service
Chatteris
4 00
Galvanized Wire Screening, extra quality
Keep out flies and mosquitoes
28 to 48 inches
Brace Wire, Chicken Wire, Barbed Wire,
Nails, Steeples Paints, Oils, Turpentine
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
Shell Sealed Cas & Oil
Parish of Portage du Fort Rev. W. J. White, Incumbent
St. Albany Park man Morning Prayer—9.15
St. Barnabas’, Bristol Mines Evening Prayer—2.15
St. Thomas'. Bristol Evening Prayer— 4.13
Si. George's, Portage du port Evening Prajer—7.30
V^Shawville Oue.
J. P0 Wilson
Phone 80
Main Street
Shawville Quebec
1 HI»

40
HiJnti
For Beautiful
SPECIAL NOTICE
Wesleyan Methodist Church Rev. H. Kielty, Pastor
Sunday School at 10.00.a. m. Evening Service—7.30
Campbell's Bay
Cemetery Memorials
Beginning Wednesday, May 31st, this
store will close every Wednesday at 12 o’clock,noon—until further notice.
write or phone
Sunday School
10.00 a. m Morning Service—10.30
John McCredie
Maryland, Que.
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
Thorne
Afternoon Service—2.30
Holiness Movement Church Rev. W. C. A. McFarlake, Pastor
Shawville
Sunday School—10,00 a. in.
Evening Service— 7-30 p. m. North Onslow Sunday School—1.30 p m.
Phone 278
Land of Farms
While Sicily is a land of farms, the majority of the four million Sicilians are village, town and city dwellers. Farmers sublease small strips of land from the agents of owners, live in the nearest community, and drive to the fields in donkey carts the wheels of which fit the ruts of Roman chariots. This system of absentee ownership, by which an estimated 200 families were able to own one-sixth of the island’s area, has created such problems of poverty that the large estates have been threatened with confiscation and redistribution to the men who work them.
Vulcanizing
Pentecostal Assemblies Rev, F. O. Routley, Pastor,
Jjhawville
Services nt 11.00 a. m. and 7.30 p. *»i
Bristol Ridge
Service at 2 30 p. in, and 7.45 p. in.
z*
We have just installed two small Vulcanizers and can now repair minor breaks on your tires and large rips in tubes, tire troubles.
i
Let us attend to all your
See the difference “ PURINA ” makes
Early Copper King
Marcus Daly (1841-1900) miner and capitalist, bom in Ireland, migrated to this country with his parents at the age of 15. Starting as b pick and shovel man in western mines he soon rose to expert, discovered rich ore deposits in Butte. Mont., made a fortune in the Anaconda copper mines a few miles away, and became the most power ful political leader in the state, al-The choice of paint finishes for I though he never sought public office radiators has a decided effect on I for himself.
hasieHl
Stark’s Corners oervice at 11.00 a. m. u Service at 7.45 p. m.
Portage du Fort Service at 3 30 p. in.
Mr. H, S. Richardson, Pastor
In Feed as in anything else you buy its the quality that counts in the end,
Having started your chicks the profitable way PURINA START EN A — be sure to follow through on Chick Growena until your pullets aie laying 2."> per cent. This will insure big full grown hens which lay top-priced
eggs.
If you raise Turkeys feed Turkey Startena and Growena. Backed by years of experience and research these /ecds are all proven at the Purina Experimental Farm before they are offered to you. So to be stue of paying results, always feed out of Checkerboard Bag.
The Mill will be open Saturday nights
until further notice
Try a new McGormic-Deering Cream
Separator now
It will put DOLLARS in your pocket
on
Paint on Radiators
In 1873 he married Margaret Evans, established his home on|9 ter heating systems white and light I of the finest ranches in the West, tinted finishes transmit over 95 per | and, as a hobby, raised race horses, cental the heat to the room, while bronze and aluminum paints permit but 75 per cent heat transmission, returning about 25 pci cent to the boiler.
Although the use of non-metallic paints does not save fuel, as heat returned to the boiler is not wasted heat, it does improve heating conditions in several ways by raising the rate of heat transmission, rapid warming of rooms be possible.
heat transmission, found, for example, that with hot-wa-
Hodgins Garage
Reflects Red Light Most green vegetation reflects invisible infrared light; orthodox paint does not A military target blended into the landscape by the artful use of green paint would not escape detection by the infra-red aerial camera, because the painted surfaces would stand out in marked contrast to foliage, black against white In photographs.
Buick, Oidsmobiie
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
1
More com
Phone 64
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
ee
4
4
II

###PAGE###6###
-*1
?
BUTTONS, SNAPS, HOOKS AND EYES "
How I stopped dosing constipation

o* day, as always, the ‘Salada’ label is your guarantee of a uniform blend of fine quality teas.
ft
T
beauty of the all-bran way—if your œnetipet ion is due to lack <4 "bulk" in the diet. Here’! all you do. Eat KELLOGG S all bran every day, as a cereal or in several hot muffins — and drink plenty of water. ALL BRAN helps to produce smooth-working "bulk" and prepare wastes for easy elimination. The comforting relief convinces you it’s wise to eat ALLBRAN daily to stay regular. Remember, it's a cereal—not a medicine. So get all-bran at your grocer's. 2 handy sizes. Made by Kellogg's in London, Canada.
"Sure I'm another booster for ALL ¦HAN for constipation like mine.
Imagine-no more need for those
z nasty purgatives which griped, yet helped only , briefly. Believe , eating ALLBRAN is much better and far gentler. It's my idea of the way to keep regular."
It s simple and gentle.
That's the
w







*
j
Sx

QO


Kx
a

operator had	overheard;	and in	|	averaged 100 between the pre-war
her hurried	attempt	to	pats on	I	years 1938-30, stood at 161 for	the
the information, had	not	had time	I	year 1943. People bought 61	per
to choose her words.	# I cent more goods in Canada last
But now it was not possible to | year than in the pre-war years But
even this enormous spending has increased in the first months of .1044. In January of this year spending stood at 167, only a fraction of a point below the great Christmas spending month of December.
Canada, judged by the surest How easy,	|	test, its ability to buy goods,	is
more prosperous than ever, is getting more goods than ever, even \nd how easy | after the figures for sales are adjusted to cover an undoubted increase in price. The Canadian people thus have more than enough Christine I money to put over the new V ictory
Loan without the least sacrifice, and the very fact of their huge money income is the most urgent reason for the loan. Part of this income must be put by, saved, or the attempt to spend it goods, which arc limited in supply, will inevitably bid up prices.
Traffic On Great Lakes Is Reopened
MOTHEBCMFT HEALTH NOTES
put so innocent a construction upon the girl’s strange behavior. Of course she was this man’s spy. . . . How easy to listen in, and find out that one of the wealthiest women on the beach was expecting a cousin to visit «her, and the name of that cousin when the cousin called the house and found her hostess absent, to suggest a hotel afterwards for this charlatan to have had her every movement watched?
-Well anyhow," thought, "he's not going to make a Roman holiday of me and get away with it."
When the rest of the audience filed out, she remained stonily in her seat. The clairvoyant came to her at once.
(Continued Next Week.)
Use a double thread to mew on buttons, and hide the .knot under the button by pushing the needle through from the right side. Place the button in position. Lay a pin across the top to keep the thread loose, sew back and forth across the pin. Wind the thread between the button and fabric to reinforce.
Secure snap fasteners with an over and over stitch.
Make a knot in the thread
Reopening of the Great Lakes water route emphasize! the tremendous volume of ship transportation on the lakes and the part this plays in the war efforts of Canada and the Vtitled States, comments The London Free Press.
The Great Lakes and the St. Lawrence river form one of the busiest waterways in the world. More traffic passes up and down the Detroit river than on any other waterway in the world. Traffic through the Detroit river reached a peak of 111,346,567 tons in 1940, the last year for which there are official figures. By the end of 1943 more than 110.000.000 tons of freight had passed through the canals at Sault Ste. Marie. In the same year more than 2.000 vessels clean! from Port Arthur and Fort XX illiam, two busiest Canadian Lake ports.
Baby’s Layette
Sew hole
separately. Carry the thread on the wrong side to the next hole. Most snap-fasteners have a perforation through the centre. Sew one side of the fastener. Hold the garment closed and draw the thread through to place the second half of the fastener
Sec that the clothes are non-irritating and non-constrictive. Never put all wool next to baby's skin
* as it causes a rash. Jh Make garments IR large enough so that IE they will not be out-^ grown too soon. Do not ovcr-clothe the baby; have no unnecessary weight of clothes, and dress the baby according to the weather, not the date.
Articles recommended for layette: 4 vests-— sik and wool or all Cotton depending on weather. 2 to I dozen diapers—30 inches squar flanelette, birdseve or canton flan'. 4 night dresses. 4 prs. ankle length bootees. 3 small coats, flannel or knitted. 2 bonnets, plain, double thickness of wool around face. 4 to 6 prs. soakers. Rubber panties should not be worn. I large •hawl. 2 small cuddling shawls or baby blankets— 30 inches square. Cotto ndresses and slips optional. Toilet basket or tray. Cake of super fatted castile soap. Tooth picks for cleaning baby's nails. Absorbent cotton, small rolled pieces for cleaning baby's nose and ears: large pieces for buttocks. Baby Oil good standard oil. 6 small bibs. 2 sterilized jars. Boracic acid, safety pints, scissors, baby brush and comb. Towels, 2 face and 2 for body. Four face clothes made of several thicknesses of cheesecloth,
S for face, 2 for body. Enamel bath tub, enamel pot and covered pail for soiled diapers.
—By permission of the New Zealand Mothercraft Society.
V TH»

# SERIAL STORY
Murder on the Boardwalk
BY ELINORE COWAN STONE

Last Week: Christine does a portrait of Chandra, an Oriental swami, finds her new job pays generously. She finds a message pinned to her easel: “If you are worried, consult Chandra." She goes to the Oriental's "Tempe of Truth."
CHAPTER IV
From within the "Temple of Truth" came the tinkle of bells and the wailing of pipes.
"Well, at least this is free," Christine said aloud, "and after all, he gave me my start on the Boardwalk."
She slipped inside.
On a stage designed to suggest all the mystery of the Orient, two slim girls, dressed as temple dancers, were gyrating and prostrating themselves as if before an unseen presence.
A deep gong souned, and they scurried from sight. From behind a screen of grillwork that simulated delicately carved white marble, a shining figure in silver robes appeared as if by magic. He moved majestically forward and stood for a moment, his arms crossed on his chest, his dark face lifted as if waiting — listening. Then he intoned in a deep, vibrant voice. "Thy servant is ready, O Krishna? Speak through these unworthy lips."
"There is here at this moment," Chandra was going on, "a young woman who badly needs advic*. . . . I will not name her I will not even describe her or tell where she is sitting. I am particularly anxious neither to embarrass nor annoy her come to me that 1 must help her if 1 can."
now on
ISSUE 81—1944
What New Big War Orders Mean
These figures arc a long way ahead of statistics for either the Suez or Panama canals and an indication of the importance of the-ic routes to the Allied effort. The Great Lakes lie at the heart of the ‘Vsenal of democ-their ships and their crews
because the word has
(ADVERTISEMENT)
no
WILL YOU LIE AWAKE
Word conics that Canada is back in heavy munitions with softie of the largest orders that have been placed here since the beginning of the war; and over the news are headlines telling that "huge orders for shells require 10,000 workers."
But the real significance ot these big new orders is not in the employment they will give 10.000 workers. It is in what they tell of realization in the highest quarters that this war is far from over.
It is something to consider these days, when we arc being asked to support the present war loan.
—Ottawa Journal
give
Behind Christine a voice said, "I never saw him do anything like this before
TO
9
war
NIGHT 5
It gives me the
Will sis make you feel breathless and smothery — causing awful Moat and wakefulness?
Unlock this tight bloat by opening up constipation and releasing '‘Lockcd-ln*’ gag Slow digestion may keep bowels blocked for	¦
days. Mulveney’s B WELL opens up bowels, aids digestion and releases gas. Makes you feel fine and ready for restful sleep. Try Mulveney's B WELL medicine to-night and see what It will do for youl Order large 12-ounce bottle from your druggist.
creeps.
It gave Christine the creeps. Whether it was deliberate trick-
racy
render one of the most essential services of the United Nations.

< »

•l
ery with the illumination or not, all the light in the room seemed to gather itself about the glittering figure on the platform.
"Within the last 34 hours," Chandra went on, "this young lady has encountered a series of
She » has
Feather Dumplings
any
A rich beef stew with feathery f \ dumplings carries us back to the days when grandmother's din-
nera filled our young hearts with joy. Making dumplings has become a lost art In far too many homes. Try the recipe below and your home will Immediately leave
surprising experiences met with a grave disappointment; she has, by a strange coincidence, unexpectedly found work when she most needed it."
havent Slept a single wink altho i've tried my best
WISH I HAD SOME MILES
We Have Money
To Buy Bonds
$ $
NERVINE-

V A
No one in the room seemed to
breathe
"During the last 24 hours," the "swami” was going on, "this young lady has also received a mysterious telephone communication concerning something very near to her own safety, which I fear she has already decided to disregard."
"But," Christine thought with a sickening clutch of premonition, "why—he can't mean me!"
She did not know whether she moved,# or even spoke the words aloud. In any event, there was a sudden craning of necks.
T must ask for quiet!" Chandra's voice crackled if you please, keep your eyes on me."
TO HELP ME ;
GET MY PEST .
wT
least of all Christine

A
The few Canadians who imagine that this nation < lacks the money to buy Victory Bonds should look at the latest figures of the Bank of Canada. They show, in brief, that the sale of merchandise in the retail stores of Canada is now breaking all records because people have more money than ever to spend, says The Winnipeg Free Press.
The retail sales Index, which

Women of the 17th century wore lead combs because they thought lead kept their hair from getting
gray.
this category:
Feather Dumplings for Beef Stew
1 cup sifted cake flour; 1% teaspoons double - acting baking powder; % teaspoon salt; 6 tablespoons milk; 2 teaspoons melted

* $ *
For a while Chandra's performance was much like others Christine had attended. He described small objects, gave the numbers of license cards, the insignia of lodge emblems, and the dates on letters which an assistant in a white turban took from people sitting here and there and held, apparently without glancing at them, pressed against his own forehead.
He read and answered questions without having seen or tpuched the cards on which they were written:
"A lady wishes to know about a ring
—an emerald set in diamonds. . . . She thinks a maid stole it."
Suddenly the strange tawny eyes in the dark face fixed themselves upon a stout woman near Christine.
"No, Madame, she did not take it You should have looked more carefully," Chandra went on sternly, "before you accused a helpless servant of such a crime. Why, Madame, did it not occur to you that the ring might have slipped through that rip in the
lining of your purse?"
* * *
‘ Why not look now?" Chandra suggested. Then, as the woman hesitated, he almost thundered "Look now, Madame, and be thankful that it is not too late to repair the mischief you have done!"
The woman fumbled in her purse, cried out—a bit too sharply, Christine thought — and held aloft something that glittered with green fire.
“Oh, I am so sorry about that girl,” she stammered. "I—I don’t know how to thank you. Swami,” “Do not thank me, Madame," Chandra told her., "It is the great god Krishna you must thank.”
"The great god — my foot !" Christine thought derisively. "And that stooge's acting was terrible."
All around she heard murmurs: “Isn't the swami marvelous?" , . *
«
fat
Do your worries often keep you awake at night? And does this restlessness make you feel "all in" the next day? Noise, anxiety, overdoing things or working under pressure can affect the nerves • • * may make you sleepless, cranky, restless... cause nervous headache or nervous fears.
Dr. Miles Nervine helps relieve nervous tension because it is a mild sedative. Take it according to directions to help calm your nerves and to improve your sleep. Effervescing Nervine Tablets are 35c and 75c. Nervine Liquid is 25c and $1.00
Sift flour once, measure, add baking powder and salt, and sift again. Add milk and fat. Then , stir quickly and lightly until a very soft dough is formed. Drop by small spoonfuls on simmering stew or fricassée, making sure each dumpling rests on meat or vegetables. (Dumplings should not settle | In the liquid. If necessary pour off excess gravy, returning It to ttew after the dumplings are cooked.) Cover kettle tightly and cook gently 14 minutes. Do not remove cover while dumplings | cook. Makes 6 to 8 dumplings.
Note: For the fat, use a little fat skimmed from stew in making these dumplings. It gives extra good flavor.
TODAY’S PATTERN
You will.
LAXATIVE TABLETS
4V Il k’Ll HKMKVfi
CONSTIPATION you suffer from Hemorrhoids lee) try getting relief through ntle action of FEKMÜL TABLETS which so by have found effective for this iditldn. Go to your drug store and tldn FERMOL LAXATIVE TAB-rrS—two months supply for $1.00, write direct FER3I0L DISTK1BU-Rfl, LONDON, Ontario.
U
O
His own strange, tawny eyes were not on Christine, but widened on space, as if following some remote vision; yet she felt that they did not miss a flicker of her eyelids; and that deep, hypnotic voice was compelling her to listen.
‘T would beg of that young lady,” he was going on, his tone suddenly gentle *nd pleading, "that she think over the events of the past 24 hours beg, for instance, that she try to remember whether, when she turned to her room this afternoon, there was anything about its appearance that excited her suspicion. . . . And now, if she will come' to me privately, I shall be glad to advise her, at no cost to hersef — because the word comes to me that this is a thing I must do.”
thi
5fvF
DR.
. Yes, I see it clearly
NERVINE
MILES
S4746
SJZES

Improve Your Health by Correcting Sluggish
KIDNEYS
o
BUY ONLY WHAT YOU NEED
I would
AJ WM BIST!
re-
This Way a Swift, Economical
Few conditions can wreck your health faster than disordered kidneys and inflamed bladder. Your back aches miserably. You have restless nights. You suffer leg cramps and rheumatic pains. When these things happen your kidneys need help in filtering out adds and poisonous wastes that are undermining your health.
Give them this help—quickly—with GOLD MEDAL Haarlem OUT* peu les.
GOLD MEDAL Capsules contain accurately measured amounts of thé original and genuine Haarlem Oil (Dutch Drops). You will be gratefully surprised at the way they relieve clogged kidneys and irritated bladder.
Go to your druggist now and get i box. Be sure you ask for GOLD ME Haarlem Oil Capsules.
<lR#tve«ie

i
•o
i

\
$ fj* $
His eyes swept the spellbound audience commandingly.
"That is all, my friends,” he said. “Go in peace!”
He raised his arms in what was almost a gesture of blessing; and the audience filed obediently out. As they went, Christine saw faces turned toward her—some touched with superstitious awe, some curious—some amused.
Christine, restored to sanity by those glances, blazed with
She had once read a book call et" “An Expose of the Medium Racket." It was all entirely clear to her now. Of covise that girl at the Beachmont telephone change was a paid spy.

a
a 40c DAL
S
V
Easy Way To Treat Sore, Painful Piles
«as

tr
t'
angt r
Here Is the chance for every person In Canada suffering from «ore, itching, painful piles to try a simple home remedy with the promise of a reliable firm to refund the cost of the treatment If you are not satisfied with the results.
Simply go to any druggist and get a bottle of Hem-Hold and uaa ae directed. Hem-ltoid is an internal treatment, easy and pfeaeant to use and pleasing results are 1 y noticed. Itching and . relieved, pain subsides and am the treatment Is continued the suie, painful pile tumors heal over leaving the rectal membranes clean and healthy, (let a bottle of Hern-Hold today and see for youi elf what mn easy, plaçant way this la to rid yourself uf your pile miner >.
r WOT El The a#e Is n reliable firm, delag hiuie la Laaadu far «ver '10 years. I are Ireabled tilth mare, lu palatal pile*. Hem-ltald i«nr«t' yea quit kly er lhe email pries will be gladly refunded.
far-
es"
erlt*

t
A slenderizing, feminine frock that's easy as falling off a log to make is Pattern R4746. Note h few pattern pieces. What's more it butons down the front so that you can slip into it without spoiling your hair-do. A style to wear at the office, at home, or on the street.
Pattern R4746 comes in sizes 12, 14, 16, 18, 20; 30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40. 43, 44. Size 16 takes 3H yards 35-inch fabric.
Send twenty cents (20c) in coins (stamps cannot be accepted) for this pattern to Room 421, 73 Ade-ktide St. West, Toronto. Write plainly size, name, address, style

ex
r%

ow
o
1 I
iviugiiiy sister wno— * #h.
A

“—and it happened the very day he said it would !”
j#i**
When Chirstine had recalled last night's conversation in the clear light of morning, it had -entirely lost the frightening strangeness her own confusion and fatigue had Imt it the night bc-
Beacltn Talbert
lulek-
soren.a*
4), -v '
¦t
$
$

%•
Then abruptly, in the midst of a sentence, Chandra brbke off, pressed his fingers to his eyes, and said—a startled note in his deep, somnolent voice, “But this must . There nee to me— g uregent!"



4l«*f
SAVE'
I
Supply Limited by Wartime Restrict#**

course everyone m nt knew who Mrs. Emma wa Probably

r uf I hie EAlIrr

wait. .
somethin
One c.
in the r
CURE BROS.irCO IIMITED
l oiL m
PRESTON
ONTARIO
In
had it
> All
t

«*
M
it her
, and the
to

t
eli»
ent to the Lr
r
l



j
###PAGE###7###
CAPTURED GERMAN TROOP-CARRIER IN OTTAWA
JAP IN A YANK FOXHOLE
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON

f




May 66
PAUL ENCOURAGES TO
CORINTHIANS
• Corinthians 4: t
PRINTED TEXT, 6 Corinthian»
4:1, 16-11; S:l, 6 6 14-16.
GOLDEN TEXT.—Y« know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that, though he was rich, yet for your makes he became poor, that ye through his poverty might become rich. 3 Corinthians 8:6.
t

:S1.

-*¦

A




nr*
<

w-
\
Memory Verse: I will ting unto Jehovah. Exodus 1ft : 1.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time.—The second epistle of Paul to the church at Corinth was probably written about A.D. 00.
Place.—The city of Corinth was located fit Greece, one of the great cities of the ancient world of Paul’s time.
mm

i
ÏV#





t
Im

I
Against the peaceful background of the Parliament Buildings in Ottawa stands this captured eight-ton, semi-tracked German troop carrier brought to the capital for study by the Canadian Army Engineering branch. The troop carrier, or Zugkraftwagen, is nearly S7 feet long and eight feet I " and cam accommodate II men and half a ton of gear It has a speed of 36 miles per hour and is equipped with a folding canvas hood.




wide
Desi



A Christian Ministry
“For we preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus as Lord, and ourselves as your servants for Jesus' sake." Paul was first the servant of Christ and lived to please Him, and as His servant and for His sake he served his converts in Corinth. We must always remember we are first the servants of Christ, and His will must always come first.


• •
“Wherefore we henceforth know no man after the flesh: even though we have known Christ after the flesh, yet now we know him so no
more. '*Wt/ËBÊÈËÊlÊÊKSIEÈÊÊÊÊi
face to face, Paul was freed iron
his knowledge of Christ after the flesh, now he knew Him as the risen, glorified Saviour.
The Spirit of God
“Wherefore if any man is in Christ, lie is a new creature: the old things arc passed away; behold, they are become new.” When the Spirit of God comes into our hearts man sees everything in a new light. Old ideas, aims, standards pass when we become united to Christ. In true conversion there is a change so complete that it is nothing less than a new creation wrought by the mighty power of the Spirit.
“But all things arc of God, , . . and having committed unto us the word of reconciliation.” A full revelation çf the love of God in Christ having bien tnatfe to* the Apostle* it was ordained that by them and through them the truth should be made known to all men everywhere.
burden of life becomes too heavy for us.
“While we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen: for the things which are seen are temporal; but the things which are not seen are eternal.” The things seen, the pleasures of life, wealth, position, power—these are but for a time. It is the things which are unseen— God, love, Heaven, eternal life, truth, righteousness—they arc eter-
given us His spirit as a pledge (or earnest) of future glory.
The Power of Hope
“Being therefore always of gczi courage, and knowing that, whilst we are at home in the body, we are absent from the Lord (for we walk by faith, not by sight); we are of good courage, I say, and arc willing rather to be absent from the body, and to be at home with the Lord." The Apostle is more than willing to leave his earthly tabernacle because he desires to be with Christ. If death came before the Coming of His Lord, Paul was ready to accept death; for even though it does not bring with it the glory of the resurrection body he will be at home With Christ among the souls who wait for the resurrection.
Remarkable photo above shows a Jap soldier, crouched in an American foxhole on Bougainville Island, where he dodged Yank bullets and
but not for long. Enemy soldier hid himself in the fox-
grenade# — hole during held by U S. forces.
an unsuccessful attempt by Jap# to seise part of beachhead
Now, since seeing Christ

CHB0N1GLES
ol GINGER FARM
•y
“Wherefore we faint not; but though our outward man is decaying, yef our inward man is renewed day by day.” While the body may grow weaker year by year, that is not true with one's sp .itual life. The gradual sickening of the body is according ta the laws of nature, but the continual increase of power in the inner life is according to the law of the Spirit of
God.
Gwendoline P. Clarke
#
nal.
Won’t it be nice when everyone has time again to do the things he or she wants to do; to get help when it is needed and to spend a few hours in the garden at will? As it is one can only take time to do what is absolutely necessary for ordinary tidiness—to cut the grass and keep weeds from developing into a miniature forest. Even that takes considerable time. I realized that yesterday as I raked and mowed the lawn for the first time this year. Our new puppy helped me with the job. He is getting to be quite a dog and losing a lot of hia timidity. There I go again—calling it “He". I am afraid I shall never remember to call it “She”. However, whether I call it he, she or it, you will know it is still the same little dog. Oh, and by the way we are going to call it “Tip” or “Tippy”. Not Lassie, because Partner thinks Lassie is a hard name to call. So Tip it will be—on account of the little white tip he has on the end of his tail—and it is a name applicable to either sex—so that lets me out on that score.
We had a surprise this week — and a very pleasant one. A telephone call from Toronto . . . and our son’s voice saying he was on his way Ironie. We knew he was due for a furlough but had not expected him so soon. And he arrived just as Partner was ready to start on the land — so we had someone to drive the tractor for us after all. Of course we thought our seeding would be finished in double quick time. But no — one field was too wet to work, and then
before it had a chance to dry it Gained again. So here we are with one field partly sown and that is *11. On Monday son Bob Igaves tor Quebec. He has a feeling that if the invasion gets underway it is dite possible men on furlough may I recalled. $t\d when a visit to your best girl is at stake there is no sense in taking chances. Imagine a fellow being recalled before he had had a chance to see his girl, hg a soldier is a tough business let mies, isn't it?
Pledge of Future Glory
“For we know that if the earthly house of our tabernacle be dissolved, we have a building from God, a house not made with hands, eternal, in the heavens.” The first clause refers to our physical bodies, in which we now dwell. The second clause refers to those spiritual belies which our souls will inhabit at Christ’s return.
“Now he that wrought us for this very thing is God, who gave unto us the earnest of the Spirit.” God who has fashioned for us a body spiritual and immortal has
The Burden of Life
“For our light affliction, which is for the moment, worketh for u# more and more exceedingly an eternal weight of glory.” To-day the world is too much with us; we give too little thought to the glories of Heaven and that is why the
True Minister of Christ
“For the love of Christ constrained us . . . but unto him who for their sakes died and rose again.” It should be clearly noted that the love of Christ referred to here is that love which led Him to die for us on the cross. Wherever a definite manifestation of Christ’s love is referred to the cross also is ever mentioned. The love that constraincth us is the love that died, and died for all because it died for each.
RADIO REPORTER
By
AL LEARY
The ginger plant yields 700 to 15,000 pounds of dried spice per acre annually.
I
three-act play based on “The Legend of Sleepy Hollow”, and it was successfully produced at the school.
If we said “Meet Adelaide Eleanor Marie Teresa Boissonneau”, you’d probably say “who's she?” So let’s introduce the same person under the name of LADDIE DENNIS, and go on from there.
* * *
Laddie is the pretty, young woman announcer with CKCL, Toronto. Born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, in 1920 of an English mother and French father, ' Laddie first showed her defiant spirit by uttering, as her very first words, “there now". At the ripe old age of two her family moved down to the heart of the combelt in Springfield, Ohio, where Laddie remained until she was thirteen, and from there to Montreal, Quebec, where her father and mother still live.
A lively tomboy type. Laddie always enjoyed dramatics—taking part in school plays on every occasion. She attempted playwriting for the first time in her life when in her first year at Thomas D’Arcy McGee High School in Montreal. It was a
SOUTHERN'STATE
$ $ $
After High * School, Laddie spent three years mechanically typing eight hours a day in a large firm, while her thoughts were pre occupied in her first love—dramatics. Most of her evenings were spent at the Montreal Repertoire School of the Theatre, taking classes in voice, interpretation, make-up and body-technique. Laddie was associated with several Little Theatre groups in Montreal. Then her thoughts turned to radio, and so she took private dramatic lessons from Eleanor Nichol of CBM, on radio technique, diction, etc. Her first radio-break came in a Summer series of dramatics over CKAC.
Laddie headed for Toronto in the Autumn of 1942 and has been in the Queen City ever since. Inside of two months she got her first program of her own . . . a fifteen-minute program three mornings a week over CFRB. Along with that she did freelance dramatic work over the CBC.
¦HE
HORIZONTAL l State depicted • in map.
7 Eagle's claw. 9 Train tracks.
12	Tag.
13	Musteline mammaL
15 Evening (poet.).
17	Like.
18	Sun god.
19	Farm storehouse.
20	Folding bed.
21	Beverage.
23 Negative
reply.
25 Oil (sufRxK
27	Weapon.
28	Advertise-
16 Compass ~ point.
19	Roomer.
20	It produces
large-----of
cotton.
22 Finished.
24 Nocturnal
* •

By the way Bob was very much amused at ius sister and I thinking him “safe" as long As he was on Vancouver Island and not overseas. By the time he had finished telling me a few things I realised that all the casualties arc not on the battlefield. It put me in mind of a stupid little rhyme I used to say Si as a chilitiHËIHBiHiflHIH
$ $	$
The chickens are	having	a great
time.	They have	the	run	of the
farm for the first time today. They have	been limited	to	an	outside
scratch-pen until now. But am I going to have a problem from now on to see that Tippy treats the chickens with respect.
Last night we were feeding the hens, Tippy and I, and all at once she started growling and barking (“she" that time.) I looked around to see what all the fuss was about* and there was a neighbour dog in the yard—a big, full grown collie. He stopped . . , Tippy stood rigid, still growling. Presently the big dog turned tail and fled. It was too funny for words. If you could only haVc seen the difference in the size of the two dogs. Dignity and Impudence—and Impudence won out.
JIG
mm
bird.
26 Depart.
26 Ear of com. 30 Stop!
32 Malicious burning.
34	Singing voice
35	Prefix.
37 Emanation.
39	Weblike tissue.
40	River in Virginia.
43 Sardinia . (abbr.).
especially if I were up to some sort of mischief—“If my mother only knew, her heart would surely break in two”.
Our boys in training —and on Operational duty, as Bob is — might often think that—and with
39 Attempt.
41	Oxidize:
42	East.
43	Surgical
;	thread. ~ *------------ >
ment (abbr.). 45 Fish egg*. 8 Hiree-toed
5855W> "CT"" » ,sT
32	100 square	48 To man again. 8 Jewish month 44 Bom.
meters.	go Lamp fixture. 10 Part °* tree. 47 Take notice
33	Uncivilized.	______	14 Slaves.	(abbr).
36Came closer. >r.Riical 12Peasant. 49Mountain 38 Valley.	IMorindin dye. 14 Troop ship. (abbr ).
2	Card game.
3	Social insect.
4	Expanse.
5	Blemish.
i
some reason.
* * *
Our spring flowers arc jifst coming into bloom with more buds allowing than I have seen for a good many years. We have daffies and narcissi along the edge of the border from one end of the garden to the other, really lovely, flowering shrubs but after they arc done our garden has little to commend it because I have so little time to attend to it. Yesterday I visited a nursery in search of ornamental evergreens and shrubs —but it was raining and too wet for digging, so I just had to go catalogue shopping, and that didn't get me far as what I wanted was growing but not listed.
AWARDED BAR TO DSO
And they are Then come the
# $ *
# *
I am typing and talking to Bob at the same time, me that he ran into Major Paul i'riquet, V.C. in B.C.—quite by accident, and was talking to him for a few minutes. Quite interesting.
e
9
to III
He just told
In June of 1943 she auditioned for an announcer s position with CKCL, was selected from a group of hopeful young aspirants, and thus became, as far as we know, the first full-time Commercial woman announcer in Toronto. Laddie says announcing appealed to her because she was told that there would be a crisis every twenty-minutes or so, and that’s what she thrives on.
IZ
I
14
15
16
17
i
I
eh?
2'
21
$64 Question
2
Writing in the Toronto Telegram, Thomas Richard Henry thinks the following a pretty fair $64 question: “Why is it that when yob pull the plug in a wash basin, the water always swirls out clockwise? Mr. Henry has often watched it, wondering why it wouldn’t
WINGED STAR

30

32
As fqr hobbies, in addition to threatre work Laddie plays a prety fair game of golf, and likes nothing better than to do a bit of horse-back riding . . . and when she can’t ride ’em she says she would like to play ’em. Laddie is a good swimmer, except when there’s a handsome Lifeguard
••••••
34
36
39
swirl the opposite way just once. We forget tne precise physical ex-
43
planation, but we seem to remember hearing that it does swirl counter-clockwise in the lands south of the equator.
Standard.
9c %
Brigadier E. L. Booth, D.S.O. ot
Toronto, who has been awarded the |. around . . . and then she Suddenly Bar to the Distinguished Service *	¦	I
Order, for valor in the Italian cam paign.
mm

• ##
o
loses her aquatic abilities and shouts for help.
Kingston Whig-
A
i
a*

Î...


POP—That’» Different
By J. MILLAR WATT
NO! NEVER MAD Oj nj IN OBJECTION XU
S'

m
B

I'VE NEVER HAP ONE
VET
! M
NEVER HAD A BEER

/
NO* IT YOU HAVE NO OBJECTION, writ GO AND 1 HAVE A BEER


: e



I

9
«



•V
l



w

m

>:r.



if


First Lt., Tyrone Power*, who re-centy won his wings as a Marine Corps flyer, is pictured above at the controls of a training plane at the Naval Air Training 'fÜK Corpus Christi, Tex.
r
V 8
ip
ty 1%e ##* SynJ
rst«. Inu I


i

ÏI

If




i «

III

Hill

< '

g 5lH
HliLJU [Uj2£
¦BD56BB L am Bjjjej bb £ UiE UEMZJ
ÏBEBO B Q GHjZ
|M CIEB GfcJEl EHluJa WM5 BtiiitiDm HQ3! C E? fcMCUQBEil IMS
t ¦ tsEaaBBBBiraBm ¦ v*
BBI
aaB
SB5

r 5


3$ K
ESii
uZEES
J


###PAGE###8###
«y



CLEAN Cronkcose and Valves . . . IMPROVE Perfarmanca . . . PREVENT Costly Engine Repairs !
Army Doctors Report Tick May Cause New Disease
NOTICE
A new disease entity heretofore I undescribed, which they term Bui- ' lis fever, apparently transmitted by a tick, is reported in the Journal of the American Medical Association by Col. John C. Woodland, Maj. Mor-decai M. McDowell and Copt. John T. Richards, medical corps, Army of the United States.
The disease was first recognized in the spring and summer of 1942 at the Brooke General hospital, Fort Sam Houston, Texas. It is self limited in most instances and apparently confers immunity on those contracting it, since no recurrences have been observed.
The onset of the disease usually was abrupt with an initial chill or chilly sensation ushering in the attack. Fever soon followed. A great majority of the men complained of headache. There was a pronounced lassitude, prostration, loss of appetite and general weakness during the fever stage of the disease and a few patients were nauseated and vomited. The fever lasted from 4 to 14 days and in the average case the temperature was elevated for a little over five days. Convalescence was prod-acted, especially if the illness had been severe. There was loss of weight in a great many of the men. In the more severe forms of the disease a rash, resembling German measles and at times typhus, made its appearance early in the disease but disappeared within 48 hours. In about 10 per cent of the cases skin manifestations developed. From clinical observation, the authors report, it is apparent that the incubation period of the disease is from 7 to 10 days. •
Campbell’s Bay Stores Closing Wednesday Afternoons for dune, duly and August
Commencing May 31st, all stores of Campbells Bay, listed below, will close at 12 o clock, noon, every Wednesday, during the months of June, July and August.
Lawn Bros., Ltd.
5c to $1.00 Store H. R. Lunam & Son Ben’s Bargain Store
.4
Wm. Schisan Percy Smith J. W. Derouin Sam’s Bargain Store



i
Hi
«

i
i
»
IN MEMORIAM
Look Here

m
t ?
h
dear wife and
In lovii.g memory of a mother, Annie Met'redie, who pasted
away, May 25th, 1941.
Remembrance is a golden chain
Death tries to break but all in vain ; To have to love and then to part Is the greatest sorrow of ones heart.
The years may wipe out many things ;
Rut this they wipe out never,
The memory of those happy days When we xveje all together.
Ever remembered by husband
and Family
For Sale, Wants, Found,
Lost, etc.


A
m s
S2


t

¦§m
FOUND — Near the Community Hospital, a small lady's wrist watch. Owner may have same by calling at Irvin Swartz, Shawville.



1
lV

4
ï
i

«
i
r
)

FOR SALE—Certified Seed Potatoes Apply to J, R Me Du well, Shawville. Phone 11-12.

S>V
X
WANTED—To buy a small farm in the Township of Clarendon or Bristol. Phone 7-14 Shawville.

X
dear wife
In lovirg remembrance of a
and mother, Mr#, El wood Brownlee,
Burlap Industry Once	who died May -4, 1943.
Thrived i- Scotland	tAtS' i
The United States government is And only those who have lost can tell, buying from India millions of yards ‘ yhe cf parting without farewell
ter to titc.story of rUppc.-sL* cvAi- ^ (h“y ,„tlJ k, nw ll, • .wow,
' Like' many Scotch cities, Dundee, Tb*t withitymrhotrt.conce.led. third largest, had textile mills, most-	Hmband tml 8 1
ly linen. Jute fiber had not found favor; it lacked natural moisture, was too dry to spin well.
Dundee was a whaling center.
During a hemp shotrage in 1832 it was discovered that whale oil made jute suitable for spinning by power machinery. Whale oil greased the industrial progress of "the Cinderella of the fibers."
• By 1835 Dundee mills were turning out pure jute yarns. In 1838 they were making burlap. Two years later a clipper ship docked at Dundee with the first cargo of more than a thousand bales of jute direct from Calcutta. Today, the burlap industry has moved to India, and much of Dundee’s equipment has been shipped to its factories.
Our
. 35?*
mm#
FOU SALE—A number of year-old Ayrshire bulls ; one aged A^tsbire bull, extra gvK»d, easy tc handle. All accredited and listed. Apply to F. A. Horner, Charter!».
Bay.
SiKVlQ

Sludge is a thick, dark mixture of used oil, water, carbon and unburned gasoline which forms mainly in the crankcase of car and truck engines-it plugs oil screens and oil passages and damages other engine parts.
Slower wartime driving-shorter trips-lower grade fuels make sludge a com
Low cost sludge removal service from a GENERAL MOTORS DEALER today will:— Save gasoline and oil — prevent costly repairs.
— Extend the life of your car or truck-improve performance.
This information is made available to you, the owners of Canadas can and trucks, to assist you to conserve your vehiclesf and so safeguard against a breakdown of the a country's automotive transportation up to and even beyond the day of Victory!
Phone 39 - 3, Campbell's
WANTED—To buy Model A Ford, Must be reasonably priced. Phone 9-33 Shawville.

problem now.
lilGi
FOR SALE - No. il Wool cut Massey - Harris Mower, 75 per eent. new. Apply to M. C. Fostfr, Quyon.
In loving memory of a dear daughter and sister, Mrs K. Brownley who passed away on May 24 h, 1943.
Remembrance is a golden chain
Re.itn tries to break but all in va:n ;
To have, to love, and then to pa«t Is the greatest sorrow of one’s heart.
The years may wipe out many th:ngs But this they’ll wipe out
The memory of those happy days When we were all together.
Mother, Faht r, Sisters and Rrotl er
FOR SALE—200 bacs Green Mountain potatoes, from certified seed. |1.40
Apply to Henry McDowell Charteris. Phone 30 - 33.
per bag.
ALWAYS GO TO A GENERAL MOTORS DEALER FOR
rf
FOR SALE — Registered and grade Holstein bull calves and year-olds. Apply to Dwionr Thompson. R. R. 3, Shawville. Phone 7 - 23.
never—
vs-t
4
FOR SALE—Five male Collie pups, Apply to Lyall Cameron, Shawville. Phone 20 - 21.
«

Proper Names
The war, high-lighting the con-
HHÜHHHHÜHHHHWused and varied spellings names	,,
Warrant Grades . I of foreign cities, may help indirect- ^rlst0'e **°ne 16
The warrant grades of marine ly to bring the uniformity long rec------------------------
gunner and quartermaster clerk in ommended by official and semi-of- FOR SALE — Chrysler Sedan, 66, the marine corps were established ficial bodies in the United States. 10.10 Model,in good running order ; five by the act of August 29, 1916. The Such uniformity would be helpful, fairly good tires. Apply to Vincent warrant grade of pay clerk and of course, to post offices throughout Hodcins, R 1, Shawville. Phone 18-22. commissioned warrant grades of the world. The tendency is to use
chief marine gunner, chief quarter- the official spelling of the nation poll SALE—Team of farm horses, master clerk and chief pay clerk concerned rather than the English 6 yvar8 0ld, gelding and mare, quiet and
hshed by the act of June equivalent.	well broken ; set double harness. Apply
2*56 of navy regulations names, a section of the department Phone 31 - !3. provides that salutes shall be ex- of the interior, favors addressing
changed between officers and enlist- foreign mail with the official spelled men on every occasion of their
meeting, passing near or being addressed. The word “officers" in this connection includes officers of all grades, commissioned, commissioned warrant and warrant. This custom is very old and has been in effect in the naval service at least since 1804. It affected warrant officers from the time their grades were established.
ON ALL MAKES OF CARS AND TRUCKS
FOR SALE— Year-old grade Durham Bull. Apply to Maxwell Don*,
JOHN L. HODGINS
CHEVROLET • PONTIAC- 0LDSM0IILE • McLAUGHLIN-BUICK • CADILLAC • CHEVROLET l CMC TRUCKS
NOTICE
Dipping Helps
-------------------Many of the sheep affected with
. ..	.	« FOR SALE — Good driving horse, common scab or mange will lose
mg of the country of destination. por furiher particulars apply to Melvin weight and die unless the disease Fur examples, Vienna in its home- kehoe, Shawville.	is controlled by dipping the animals.
ent. Scabs form and ruin the wool, and eventually the animals die.
Sheep of all ages are affected and the best means of control is to dip the sheep twice, 10 to 14 days apart, in lime and sulphur or Farm suitable for I in nicotine sulfate, before the weath-Apply'to Gordon Smith, er gets too cold. As the disease is Phone 27 41.	| contagious, healthy sheep should not
be placed in trucks, bams or cor-Span of Clyd -sdale I ra> that have held infected sheep
utes.
Coat Care
If you value your coat, always unbutton it before you sit down because there Is a strain on the scams and buttons. And. never sit if your coat is wet. When sitting, fold your coat neatly and place on your lap. Form the habit of always hanging your coat up rather than throwing it across a chair or on the bed. A good sturdy wood hanger is recommended. Your closet should be not too crowded with clothes and by all means have proper ventilation. Open closet doors at night, if no other way has been provided for air and light.
Your coat can be kept new and alive looking by brushing it after every wearing, but never brush coat when wet. Zip the zipper and button the buttons—for shape, you know.. Always brush with the pile. A soft brush is best except for around the collar and pockets where you will need a whisk broom.
In the matter or the estate of the late Miss Jcannie Russell in her lifetime of the Township of Bristol Spinster of lawful age.
All persons having claims against the above estate ore requested to file the same within 15 days with the undersigned.	*
Shawville, Que., May 15, 1944.
EARL DOUS,
Attorney for the heirs-at-law
Maryland, Que.
PASTURAGE—150 acres, near Ons-
the O’Brien
In Alaska in 1941 commercial air- farm, well fenced, lots of »vater. Apply craft carried 48,982 passengers 9,- to Mrs. John Kelly, Quyou, Que. 067,712 miles, delivered over 742,000 pounds of mail, and hauled in and vnil RFNT out of the territory just under 5,000,- nH8[UMi,P
000 pounds of merchandise, ranging ^vland" Que from gold to mining machinery. A ' ^ W large part of Alaska, a good part of the year, used to be “frozen in," and distances are so great it took weeks to get from the coast to interior points. By plane, Alaska is only a few hours from Seattle or Chicago, and the Yukon can be reached as easily in the winter as can any section in the United States.
Aircraft transportation has destroyed its isolation, and made the carrying of freight and passengers a year-round business.
Alaskan Air Traffic
OR
H. C. ROW AT, N. P,
Shawville, Que.
Nicaraguan Economy
In Nicaragua, food supply .is linked with production of rubber and mahogany. Nicaragua is the biggest producer of natural rubber in Central America. Upwards of 3,000 workers are collecting wild rubber. Most of this rubber and much of the mahogany comes from the low-lying jungle regions drained by the Coco river in the northeast. This area was devastated by hurricane in 1941 and further impoverished by a banana blight. Banana growing was one of the chief sources of living for the Coco river country. For years the fruit used to be collected from the growers by a steamer, which often brought in supplies. With the outbreak of war, the steamer suspended service.
i Hi
NOTICE
FOR SALE
After a period of almost t wenty.fi vo years in business, I have decided to dispose of my milk route in Shawville to Mr. Lee Hodginn, about June 1st, and trust be will be accorded the same loyal and generous patronage that was granted me. I take this opportunity to thank all my patrons for their kind support, I have enjoyed my dealings with all, and appreciate very much the many kind expressions made to me and others regarding my service through the years.
ê
FOR SALE
Pink Eye Infections
Generally considered infectious, pink eye may spread rapidly from one animal to another m a herd. There is first a watery discharge from the eye accompanied by swelling and reddening of the lids. The covering of the eye may be inflamed and the blood vessels stand out clearly. As the disease progresses, the watery discharge becomes OL ... zx , cloudy and grayish in character, and Shawville,* Que | c]ear portion of the eye gets
smoky or grayish In color, vere casesT ulcers may be noticed on the cornea.
Shoemakers Prosper -Shoemakers in the other Americas—like those in the United States —have achieved new production records under war-time stimulus to home manufacturing and markets. The other Americas are using more of their raw materials in domestic plants. Luss of imported shoes and preoccupation of British and North American manufacturers with war orders have contributed to expansion of shoe production in Latin America. Some export trade has been developed, particularly by A, gentina and Mexico, but the bulk of the expansion in output is for domestic consumption. In 1942, shoe production in Latin America rose to a record total of about 73,300,000 pairs, according to figures United States department <
Moveable Hen House, 8x17 Rubber-tired Buggy Incubator, 120 egg capacity , Set Scales, 1000 lbs Fanning Mill Falling-leaf Table w Two Leather Rocking Chairs Galvanized Wash Tub Doherty Organ Baby’s Cradle and Cot,
Apply to AUSTIN McDOWELL.
Phone 26 -18.
GORDON BROWNLEE. , ^
May 84, 1944	Shawville, Que.
A pipeline worker from Pensyl-vania, who had been leaving his lunch on the rear seat of his car, New Rotenone Uses	according to Pensylvania Game
New uses are bring developed for News, had ben missing choice mor-rotenone, the highly efficient insecti- for several days. Then one day ride that American Farmers have j,8	211 the meet gone from his
found so helpful in increasing their sandwiches, his fruit completely production of food. Research is in consumed and the paper bag badly progress to establish rotenone in the	When he attem
field of medicine. Used in skin lo- his car home that ni tions, it has revealed potentialities * start and had to be towed to a in combatting infectious skin dis- garage. There a mechanic found a eases. Today, our armed forces, mother opossum, with 12 young in and those of the Qfitish are making her pouch, hiding under the dash, further experiments with the use of where she had chewed the insulation rotenone for this purpose. On the off the wiring and had short-circuit, whole their findings gre encourag ^ y** ignition system.
Posse
Desirable Property For Sale
In se-
Are You Making a Will ?
Affected animals should be isola ted and kept in darkened quarters in the stable from which flies can be excluded. Laxative and nutritious feed should be given and an ointment containing some antiseptic i such as boric acid or sulfanilamide, merce. This compares with 62 500,-should be applied twice daily to the ( 000 pairs in 1941 and 58,600,000 in
; eyes.
St. Paul's Anglican Church Rectory, located in the Village of Shawville, consisting of large dwelling house, stable and approximately seven acres of land for particulars. Apply to Selling Committee—
npted ght, i
I to drive it refused
If so. and it is your wish to
identify your name with some char
liable institution out of a desire to
benefit others, you could not do
better than remember Ths Pontiac Community Hospital when mak-1 rg your bequests, -
of the of com-

Tmos. Eadrs, Morland Honours,
au<l J. L Hodoims
1940.
1
in*.

-


	
