###PAGE###1###
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER LOih, 1044
No. 22, 62od Viah
DIED
Christmas Photos—My annual offer two extra photos with each dozen Make an appointment to-day.
H. Imison, Photo Artist.
The annual Christmas Tree Entertainment of the United Church Sunday School will be held on Friday, December 15th.
The annual Bazaar of St. Paul’s Church Guild will be held at the Theatre Hall on Thursday afternoon and evening, Dec. 7th. Supper served from 5.30 to 8. pm. The program will be the three act play, “Sunbonnet Jane of Sycamore Lane”.
For 78 years
Former Starks Corners Boy Missing
Gowling
On Friday, November 24, 1944, at Sgt. Cyrus Fraser, of Detroit Mich., the residence of her daughter, Mrs. formerly of Starks Corners, has been J. G. Brown, 268 Flora St., Mary reported missing in action in France, Elizabeth Trangeau, widow of Thos. since October, 1st.	Horner, formerly of Shawville, Que.,
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I in her. 87th year. Funeral from the
above address on Monday, 27th for service in Western United Church at 2 pin.. Interment at Pinecrest cemetery.
DAIRY and POULTRY
SUPPLIES
and School

283 BANK ST. (Cor. Somerset)
OTTAWA
x
Dr. F. A. Jones Special Speaker at Educational Service I
has been the leading business school in Eastern Canada and is still going strong. Individual instruction,
W. t. COWLING President
Dairy and Strainer Pails Cow Chains and Chain Slides
Stable Brooms and Shovels Barn Door Track and Hangers Pratt’s Animal Regulator Pratt’s Poultry Regulator and Egg Producer Leg Bands, Roost Paint, Worm Capsules
Enter any time
On Thursday evening scholars and parents of the Shawville High School and District Schools gathered in the auditorium of the United Church to the number of about 400 for their annual Fall Educational Service.
The service was in charge of the Principal, Mr. John Tolhurst, who was supported by three members of the Students' Council, Miss Beverley Harris, Miss Ann Campbell and Allen Hunter. These read the scrip-m tures £nd offered praÿer.
The speaker of he evening was Dr. F. A. Jones, former Principal of the Ottawa Normal School, who gave an outstanding address on “Education for Canadian and Christian Citizenship”.
The offering went to the Junior Red Cross.
A choir of 50 girls led the singing and furnished a special number.
The ushers were five members of the High School Boy Scout patrol, Harry Meunier, Laurie MacKechnie, William Thomson, Edwin Dahms and Desmond Hodgins.
MARRIED
H. W. BRAITHWAITE
Frinicipal
Merrick—Hodgins
On Monday; November 20, 1944, in St. Matthew’s Chapel, Ottawa, by the Rev. E. Osborne, Lila J. Hodgins, of Ottawa, to Chief E R A. George H. Merrick, R.C.N.V.R., of Halifax and Ottawa.
Rev. W. J. White Appointed Curate at St. Colnm^a’i, Montreal
Having been appointed as Curate of St. Columba’s, Anglican Church, in Notre Dame de Grace, Montreal, the Rev. W. J. White, Mrs. White and infant son left on Tuesday to take up their new duties.
Mr. White has been the Incumbent of the Parish of Portage du Fort, which includes churches at Bristol Comers, Bristol Mines and Parkman, Clarendon, for the past two years, and while in charge of this parish gained many friendships throughout the district irrespective of religious denominations.
Mr. White served St. Paul’s during the absence of a Rector following the departure of Rev. K. C. Bolton.
Last winter, Mr. White played the centre position on the Shawville hockey team, where his influence and ontstanding ability were a decided asset to Lie team.
The Equity joins in wishing the White family much happiness and success in their new field of labour.
JAMES A. MILLAR
S.1A..IL. L
advocate, barrister,
129 MainSt.,Hull,Que.
At Moyle's Hotel, Ceropbell’e Bey every Wednesday
etc.
PERSONAL MENTION
morning
A t PooliacHouee, Shawville
'
Mrs. Mahlon Hayes and son Teddy, of Beaverton, Ont., are visiting at the home of Mr, and Mrs. W. J. Hayes.
Fit. Sgt. Ronald Dean, of Mont Joli, Que., is spending a furlough with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J.A. Dean.
Mrs. Evelyn Johnston and her sister, Miss Marjorie Greer, Ottawa, spent the week-end in town with relatives.
Sgt. Major and Mrs. J. E. Horner and little son, Wayne, of Ottawa, spent the week-end at the home of the former’s parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Horner.
NOTICE
Wednesday at Noon

HARLAND 0, ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGII University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
This store will close at 12 o’clock, noon,
every Wednesday

SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
Estate C. J. Caldwell f-
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate barrister Solicitor, etc:
Office, Campbell's Bay, Quebec • (In Lawn Block)
I
Jeannine Beaudoin, of Quyoo, Wins Victory Loan Essay Contest
According to the rules of the contest, one essay only was to be selected by the School Principal in each of the five Victory Loan districts of the County. The task of the County judges was to select the best five essays for the County prize. No entries were received from Coulonge or Chapeau. In all, seven entries were submitted.
In making the award the County judges declared that literary merit was a secondary consideration. The number of reasons adduced, and their order, clarity and conciseness were the primaiy factors to be considered in making the award. All the essays submitted were excellent and the task of selection a difficult one.
The winner of the County prize, a $10.00 War Savings Certificate, was Miss Jeannine Beaudoin, of Quyon. Miss Margaret Homer and Gordon Radmore were awarded the Shawville and Campbell’s Bay district prizes respectively.
. In view of the fact that Coulonge and Chapeau did not compete, prizes were also awarded to Miss Joan A nsu a, of Bristol Intermediate School, and Miss Edith Ranger, of Campbell’s Bay. They will receive a $5.00 War Savings Certificate.
The local National War Finance Committee and the judges wish to congratulate the winners. It is very gratifying to have the school children take such an keen and intelligent interest in our national welfare.
Messrs. H. C. Rowat and F. W. Bowie were judges for the County prize.
Mr*. Norman Dods Diet in Ottawa Hospital
A well-known resident of Bristol Township passed away on Wednesday of last week in an Ottawa Hospital, to which she was taken three weeks ago, in the person of Mrs. Norman Dods, at the age of 58 yearst
Mrs. Dods had been ill for some time, yet her death came as a shock to the community.
She was born in Bristol township, the daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. John Henry Hughes. She was married in 1912, and they lived ever
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
chaw vine
St. Paul’s Young Ladies’ Guild will present their play
"SUNBONNET JANE




of
DONAT Le GUERRIER
Notary Public
CAMPBELL,S BAY QUEBEC

SYCAMORE LANE"
at
i
SHAWVILLE THEATRE Thursday, Dec. 7th, at 8.00 p.m
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
£%,•'. 2S %%.% 1?*“'" d“H """ %
United Church, Bristol, and had been active in the women’s organizations of that congregation.
Surviving her are her husband, three daughters, Mrs. R. J. Cartman, of South Porcupine, Ont., Miss Shirley Dods, of Ottawa, and Miss Ruth Dods, at home, and a foster daughter, Mrs. John Bowes, of Ottawa; two brothers, Leonard Hughes, of Buffalo, N.Y., and Harry Hughes, of Sault Ste. Marie Ont., and three sisters, Mrs. R. A. Elliott, of Copper-cliff, Ont.; Mrs. Morley Bruce and Mrs. James Gordon, of Ottawa.
The funeral was held from her late home on Saturday afternoon to St.
Andrew’s United Church, and was conducted by Pastor, Mr. Leslie Dean assisted by Rev.A. F. Fokes, of Shawville. Mr. Dean spoke comfortingly from the words, “Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest.” and Miss Kay Woodley sang, “The Stranger of
Galilee”.	^
Interment was made in Norway 462 Bronson Are., Cor. Gladstone
Bay cemetery, the pall-bearers being Messrs. John Dods, M. Campbell,
Harry Hughes, Albert Elliott, Morley Bruce and Jamés Davis.
x
North Onslow Women’s Institute
DR. H. K. NEILSON
North Onslow held their Novem
home of Mrs. Percy Armitage, with Mrs. McCauley presiding, assisted by the secretary, Mrs. G. Ireland.
The roll call was answered by “Name a man who has done valuable work in prosecuting the war.”
Seventeen boxes were packed for the boys overseas, and a drawing for Christmas gifts among the members was held.
Following a report from the convener of Red Cross work, it was decided to do more sewing for the Society.
A number of afghan blocks were turned in and the afghan will be completed at next meeting members were asked , to donate blocks for a Red Cross quilt.
The treasurer reported all debts paid and a cash balance on hand of thirty-five dollars.
The next meeting will be held at the home of Mrs. Harold Armitage on Wednesday, Dec. 6th.
At the close of the meeting re-The annual meeting of Shawville | freshments were served by the
and District Red Cross Society was hostess.
held in Hynes’* Hall on Tuesday, Nov.
21st, with the president, Mr. R. P.
Fades, presiding.
The meeting opened with prayer by the Rev. P. R. Stote.
3?
men’s Institute meeting at the
Eye, Ear, Nose mad Thro# I
SPECIALIST
How thankful we at home ought to be for the past year of victory—
ISO METCAL
OTTAWA. - ONT.
PHONE, 2*7(81

Sicily
Italy
France
Belgium
Holland
and now our Forces have invaded Germany
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT •• BARRISTER HULL. QUEBEC Consultations by Appointment
The
BEATTIE EYE SERVICE
i
Annual Meeting of Shawville and District Red Cross Society
OTTAWA, ONTARIO

Our gallant lads at the Front must be heart sick for a “Christmas at Home”. Many are away for three, four and|five years, and quite a few will spend their sixth Christmas overseas.
We surely will rejoice with them when the Great Day of Victory comes.
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists oj all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg Optometris
November Meeting of Shawville Women’s Institute
Right Foods Important To Older People
Reg Optometris
The November meeting of the Shawville Womens’ Institute met at the home of Mrs. R. J. Tracy, with 13 members and 2 visitors present.
Mrs. Shore, the president, opened the meeting with the prayer for the Allied Forces minutes were read and approved, changing food needs.	Mrs. Edgar Hodgins, convener of
As the years pass and physical the Soldiers’ Box Committee, report-
strenuous, ed that 42 boxes had been sent for
In the last generation people were considered old when they reached the forty to fifty age group. Now, it is admitted that they are in their prime during these years and the
Reports from the various committees showed very gratifying results. The treasurer, Rev. A. F.
Fokes, presented a financial state- j “prime of life” can be extended still ment showing a remarkable increase further if attention is paid to the in giving during the past year.
Red Cross Drive amounted to
$2,325.00; current receipts $576.47; activities «become ; less	. .	.
balance in Bank, Nov. 21st, 1944, the need for energy foods such as Christmas.
$241.91.	j fats, sweets, bread and cereals be- It was moved by Mrs. G. G. Mc-
Mrs. Neil Drummond reported for : comes gradually less, but the need Dowell, seconded by Mrs. Bruce Bar-the work committees as follows:— j for protective food remains as great, her that a $2.00 collection of seeds Service garments, 450 ; hospital These protective foods include milk, | be j>ent to Greys’ Institute, England, supplies, 843; civilian garments, 879. eggs, fruit and vegetables Total articles, 2172
• Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
creed and a
The
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
I
34
34

SC
I
)
*_____________________i.	I The bingo committee reported
,ws ______________Milk, eggs, fruit and vegetables gross receipts of $12C30.
Mr. R. W. Hodgins reported for are necessary «for general good ~	A *	. ..
the Salvage Committe showing: total health and to regulate the functions volunteered to take charge of the ----.«a m. -i----------u d,vj r^e I .1 4V. i—!..	por instance, as one November presentation of National
I becomes older, digestive upsets are Film Board pictures.
_________ 1 ^	^	__	rrl I The executive of the Institute
______j. There were four may be caused by neglecting to eat I again supervised the local work of
held during the year which, the right foods as well as by eating | the Blood Donors Clinic. ^ L__
446 blood donations. , This the wrong ones
Christinas Shoppers
QUE
SHAWVILLE
Mrs. Shore and Mrs. G. Young
\
1
receipts, $60,61; cheque to Red Cross ; of the body $50.00; balance in Bank, $10.61. i Miss Katie Elliott reported for the apt to occur more frequently and
Blood Donors.
Do your Christmas shopping early this year. While the assortment of Christmas things is not as large as other years, the variety is good.
totalled 446 blood donations. This	the wrong ones. Certain B-vita-
makes a total of 759 donations since	mins aid digestion and appetite.	Mrs. R. G. Hodgins	and	Mrs.	Tracy
the clinic was organized here about Some sources of vitamin B are Mrs. McLean gave a splendid rea year and a half ago.	wheat germ, liver, milk, eggs and port of the semi-annual convention
Officers elected for the ensuing green vegetables.	I held at Fort Coulonge.
year are as follows:	I One. of the commonest injuries	^	,
President, Mr. R. P. Eades;. vice’suffered by older people is fractured gest possible By-laws for the impresident, Mr. R. W. Hodgins; secre- ' bones. The ease with which they provement of the Shawville distict tary, Rev. C. Randell, and treasurer, break may be due to lack of calcium | which included the following Rev. A. F. Fokes.	in the bones.	An	inadequate - All vehicles	should be provided
Work committed—Conveners, Mrs.	amount of milk over a	long period	with	lights	while travelling on
C. J. Caldwell, Mrs. A. F. Fokes; of time may possibly be a contribut- | the highways after dark, secretary, Mrs. Neil Drummond. ing factor to this condition.	! That children, should be preFinance committee— Rev. A. F.	' The Nutrition Division, Ottawa,	vented from	frequenting	the
Fokes, Mr. G. G. McDowell, Mr. C.	stresses the importance of protective	poolroom.
N Woodley, Mr. R W. Hodgins, Mr.	foods at all times	and	paricularly	That	those	contemplating marC. Schwartz and Mr. Geo. Palmer,	during the forties	and	fifties. An	riage	should	be required to have . ..
Salvage committee— Mr. R. W. eye on Canada’s Food Rules when a health certificate.
Hodgins	I planning meals is good insurance for | Meeting adjourned and Mrs. Tracy,
The meeting closed with the health in the middle years and in Mrs. R. O. Hodgins and Mrs. Austin. Benediction by Rev. A. F. Fokes. ithe sunset of life.	.	' McDowell served refreshments. .
Cil
Quilt blocks were distributed by
Talking Pictures
“She Knew all
the Answers”
Starring
FRANCBOT TONE JOAN BENNETT
Members were requested to sug-
Store closed every Wednesday afternoon
!
at
Shawville Theatre
#
THE W. A. HODCINS STORE
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 84
(
Shawville
Quebec
Al S.34 fJB.
###PAGE###2###
MKIMC'ÀL
ACCOUNTANTS A AUDI ! Oit*
FOK PALM
WILL PRESIDE
PROVEN REMEDY—EVERY 8UF-forer of Rheumatic Pain* or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Munro'a Drug Store, 336 EU gin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
FOR HARE. SLEIGHS AN U CUT-tere. Shipped anywhere. For Information write Box 22, Brussels, Ont.
INCOME TAX REPORT*, complete monthly Bookkeeping Services, small businesses our specialty. A. Brett & Company, 8 Wellington Street East. Toronto.

1

$1.60 a BUSH EU BALDWINS. PE-wnukes, Rueaets, etc. delivered. Phone Gerrnrd 2640 or write R. Nettle. R.R. 1, Pickering.
Ml SINKS* OPPORTUNITIES

RAUMEEKA FOOT BALM destroys offensive odor Instantly. 4So bottle. Ottawa agent, Denman Drug Store. Ottawa.
OPPORTUNITY FOR Ml DORK aged woman for partnership In Nursing Home in Ontario. Box 117, 73 Adelaide- W. Toronto.
>
SEVERAL LOADS GOOD RUSH horses, mares In foal and farm chunks. Gregg’s Machinery Exchange, 6th and Halifax Sts., Regina. Saak.
X. : x x, Xv v.vv ¦t&'SS
WILL SELL OR EXCHANGE FOR a business located in Toronto or other larger Ontario town. 2 adjacent farms of 100 and 150 acres, located 100 miles cast of Toronto. Highest class buildings on
170 acres tlll-Lots of running water, at $12,000. Rox No. 186,
Toronto.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS
FRED T nüDDIN«TUN BUYS, sells, exchanges musical Instruments. 111 Church. Toronto 2.

t
DR4:
TRACTOR Snow Plough V type with side wing; Double Drum Steam Winch —60 h.p. : Double Drum Gasolene winch—80 h.p.: Winch with air cooled motor: Universal Joints for Hydraulic Holsts. Rlchlcr Truck A Auto Parts. 874 Wellington W Montreal.

CATERPILLAR
a
both properties, able.
Valued
73 Adelaide W
More men smoke Picobac than any other Pipe Tobacco
in Canada
OPPORTUNITIES FOR WOMEN
•#
SBr
BE A HAIRDRESSER
JOIN CANADA'S LEADING SCHOOL Great Opportunity. Learn Hairdressing
Pleasant dignified profession, good wages, thousands successful. Marvel graduates. America's greatest system. Illustrated catalogue free. Write or call
MARVEL HAIR DRESSING SCHOOLS
358 BLOOR VV., TORONTO Branches: 44 King St. Hamilton, & 74 Rideau Street. Ottawa.
• •
BAH Y CHICKS


BARN 150.00 THE EASY WAY. Estimate the number of White Beans In an Imperial Quart Jar. First prise $50.00, also 32 other valuable prizes.
$50.00 In the contest but you are
good chicks If weddle. You arc money If you order weddle 1944 chicks
FOR SALE. REGISTERED IRISH setter puppies. Domestic and Imported champion bloodlines. A. R. Morgan, Box 174. Belle River, Ont.
You may win
sure of securln you order from sure of saving tin m early. T satisfied our customers and our 1945 chicks will still be better. Don't take our word for It. Read what our customers say In our 1945 pricelist. Send for contest sheet telling you all «bout the •ontest also Early Hooking Pricelist Laying and ready to lay pullets for Immediate delivery. Tweddle Chit I# Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.

REGISTERED BEAGLE PUPS. 2 litters whelped Sept. 30 and Aug. 24. 1944. 3 mules. 7 females $15.00 each either sex Champion, Bensbest breeding. Calvin Powless, weken, Ont. ,
Soviet scientific and medical activities which have excited the interest and admiration not only of ti»e professional men, but of tha d | populations at large of the United i	I »»tion. will be discussed at the
a	I Canadian-Soviet Friendahip Con-
* I grass which opened Nov. 17 in To# ronto, Ont. Dr. H B. Speakman, director Ontario Research Foundation, is the chairman.
Triple Pie n m a n Ohs-

P'
5k


r
*
HEUI
m
REGISTERED XXX SOUTHDOWN
Rams, I>ambs, and unllty. Gordon , Orillia.
PHOTOGRAPHY


f
Yearling Ewes. Choice q Allan. R R. No.
I
TIME TESTED QUALITY SERVICE and SATISFACTION

PEP

w
JBt
'
BUFFO UK BREEDING RAMS, also Yorkshire Gilts farrowing Nov. and Dec. Registered, Churchaide, Lunenburg. Ontario.
ono
Your films properly developed and
printed
6 OR 8 EXPOSURE ROLLS 25c REPRINTS 8 for 25c FINEST ENLARGING SERVICE You may not get all the filma you want this year, but you can getmll the quality and service you desire by sending your films to
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
Station J, Toronto
H
I contains
Î VITAMIN 8»
AAfi .
SvESSENHAi
* minerals
ORD
1.00 BOOKS YOUR ORDER
_ ER YOUR 1945 CHICKS NOW, and not be disappointed. All chicks are from guaranteed tested stock, and from 26 os. eggs or better. Barred Rocks mixed $12.00 per 100, White Leghorns mixed $11.00 per 100, Barred Rock Pullets $19.00 per 100, white Leghorn Pullets $22.00 per 10O, white Rocks mixed $15.00 per 100, white Rock Pullets $24.00 per 100, Brown leghorns mixed $13.00 per 100, Brown leghorn pullets $24.00 per 10U. We uarantee 100% live delivery, alance paid C.O.D. Maple City atchery, Chatham, Ontario.
EI1ERGY

* »
* *

NOVEMBER RALE. ANGORAS, ALL ages, reasonable. Elmer Sage, R.R. 2. Galt, Ontario.
It’» Just A Good Old Navy Custom
Dr.ChaseY Nerve Food
TURKEYSFOh-^^
BOURBON RED'ÎSRBimBRS. ALSO Broad Breasted Brona# all from blood tested mtockr 7rpms 112.00, Pullets $8.00, cash # 11 h order. P C. Wells, Thedford, Ont.
The old naval custom of calling everyone by his last name was all right when the Royal Navy was an all-male affair, but things arc different now that women are enlisting as auxiliaries.
There was some eyebrow lifting recently when a group of grizzled naval officers on inspection heard a chief petty officer call: "Come in her, Honey." He was addressing Mildred Honey, of Highland Creek, Ontario, a Wren.
The situation was not improved when Miss Honey was transferred to a tactical training centre and found that one of her fellow Wrens was named Miss Precious.
Says her persent commanding officer:
"It’s too much. All day it's 'Honey this' and Precious that'. There's a fellow named Darling it this base and if he gets drafted into my department I’m throwing In the sponge."
CHRISTMAS CARDS FROM YOUR OWN SNAPSHOTS
OTTAWA REPORTS The Stronger Sex^
s
Your negatives make the most distinctive Christmas Cards you can get—cards that your friends will treasure—particularly friends on active service. Select your favourite negatives and send to us. We’ll return 12 attractive, embossed greeting cards with pictures printed on—and envelopes for mailing—all for 69c. Order early. (2 Photos on Calendars -for 25c.)
GENUINE Bronze
Approved and Handed by O.A.T. B.A., Blood tested, free range. Toms 24 to 28 lbs. $15.00, Hens $8 00 livery.
Poults. Lee Williams, R.R. No. 4, Dunnxille, Ont.
BROAD BREASTED Breeders. Government
That Canada May P» Called Un Ship Wheat To India And The Middle East
DO YOU WANT TOP NOTCH
understand women is largely biological, comments Time Magazine. The more scientists study the question, the more fundamental differences they find between men and women.
Man’s inability to
chicks? Of course you do because you know that Top Notch chicks ire profit makers. You know that they are Government Approved from bloodtested breeders that are acclaimed for their livability, fast growth and high production. But here's something you don't know until you send for our Early Booking pricelist (how much you will Save by placing your order early). Send for Early Booking pricelist to-
Notch
Order now. December deOrders taken for 1945
Prospects of short wheat sup- | plies due to drought in Australia I may result in Canada being called I on to make shipments to India I and the Middle East and to other I countries accustomed to import I from Australia, ». survey of the I world wheat situation made at Ot- I tawa indicates. Australia is faced I with the prospect of the smallest I wheat crop since 191V. Argentina, I also a large wheat-producing I counry, has lowered wheat pros- I pects too from lack of rain, and it I is estimated that there may not be- I more than enough to provide for I domestic needs in that country I from this year’s harvest.	I
*	$	$	I
The present system of rationing I new farm machinery and equip- I ment will be continued until sup- I plies are more nearly in line with I demands. H. H Bloom, adminis- I trator of farm machinery, says I that although the supply for Can- I* ada in 1945 will equal in tonnage I about 102% of the 1940 available I supply, it is not sufficient to meet the apparent consumer demand. To help keep present equipment in operation there is no limit on the I
production of repair pans.	I
$ $ *
This year’s tobacco crop is esti- | mated at 100.000,0 second largest ever grown in Canada, and if the estimate is correct, is nearly 148 pounds of tobacco for every 100 pounds grown in 1943. Most < it will find its way into cigarettes of which more than 11,-•00,000,000 were consumed in the
Dominion last year.
*	* ?
The second Congress of Russian-Canadians has pledged itself to raise $100,000 during December to buy seeds to be sent to Russia for spring planting.
BROAD BREASTED BRONZE Turkeys, vigorous, he/ilthy stock. Also Jameswny sectional, hot water Incubator, capacity 6500 eggs. We can still book a few orders for Poults, both bronze and white Hollands. P. H. Edwards, R.R. 4, Watford. Ontario.
STAR SNAPSHOT SERVICE
Girl babies are generally born
than
Box 12», Postal Terminal A, Toronto
A customer at Berwick, N.S., writes us: “I received the beautiful Christmas cards which you printed from my own negatives, and 1 want you to know how pleased I am your wonderful work and p service. I will be a regular customer of Star Snapshot Service from now on.”
Any Size Roll—6 or 8 Exposures. DEVELOPED AND PRINTED Zle 3 MOUNTED ENLARGEMENT* 25« Size 4 x 6” in Beautiful Easel
Mounts.
You cun have enlargements coloured by hand for a small additional charge.
Framed Enlargement* 4” x 6", on
Ivory tint mounts, in frames 7” x 9”, Burnished Gold or Silver, Circassian Walnut or Black Ebony finish 69c; If enlargement coloured 79c. Print your name and address plainly on all orders.
five to nine days sooner boys; they teethe and talk earlier; their bones harden sooner; they have fewer red corpuscles and a faster pulse; they arc more emotional
glands); they mature more rapidly. A girl sleeps more than a boy, needs less food, has a lower metabolism rate, is warmer in Winter (because of better insulation) and cooler ir Summer.
day. Top Guelph, Ontario.
Chickeries,
i with prompt
YOU CAN ORDER BRAY CHICKS now and count on prompt shlp-ment, and remember Its time to order your January Chicks right now, to get Just what you want, and when. Write for pricelist. Bruy Hatchery, 130 John St. N.. Hamilton. Ont.
PUREBRED WHITE HOLLAND turkeys, from blood-tested stock. Young toms weighing 23 lbs hens 14 lbs. NOW. Clarke Foley. "Southern Acres", Lansdowne, Ontario.
active thyroid
(more
#
« r
110 ROCK HAMPSHIRE PULLETS. Selling’s best, five months, $1.60 delivered. Gordon Hanna, Route 9, Dunnville, Ontario.
HORSEMANSHIP
•HOW TO BREAK AND TRAIN Horses." A book every farmer and horseman should have. It is free; no obligation. Simply address Beery School of Horsemanship, Dept. 411, Pleasant Hill, Ohio.
Woman is also the stronger sex. Though her muscular strength is only half that of a man, she is a muen more efficient organism for survival.
LAYING AND READY TO LAY pullets for Immediate delivery. Barred Rocks New Hampshire#, ¦White Leghorns and Hybrids. Also booking orders for day old chicks. Send for contest folder and Early Booking pricelist. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus Ontario.
The world's busiest railway junction is Clapham, on the South ern railway, with 2,500 trains in 14 hours.
MACHINERY REPAIRS
MACHINERY REPAIRS
PERSONAL
ITCH
CHECKED
4M a Jiffi/
-op Money Back
fttewuaeffiift
stainless Soothes, comforts and quickly calms
BUD*
Who Would Want A Policeman’s Job?
GENERAL MACHINE SHOP WORK
ELECTRIC AND ACETYLENE
WELDING
METALLIZING
HAVE YOUR WORN SHAFTS AND BUSHINGS MADE LIKE NEW BY THE NEW METAL SPRAY PROCESS
ALL WORK GUARANTEED
Godson Contracting Co., Ltd.
Union St., Toronto
JUNCTION 7360.
POULTRY KEEPERS
"ELIJAH COMING BEFORE Christ," wonderful book free. Megiddo Mission, Rochester 11, N.Y.
BE CERTAIN OF SECURING GOOD, healthy Chicks this coming Season by placing your order now. Write for 1945 prices on our Government Approved Chicks, a i so catalogue containing the proper brooding and methods used In raising better poultry.
If he's neat, he's conceited. If he's careless, he's a bum. If he’s pleasant, .he’s a flirt. If he's brief, he's a grouch. If he hurries, he overlooks things. If he takes his time, he’s lazy. If you get pinched, he had it in for you. If he's energetic, he's trying to make a record. If he's deliberate he’s too slow to catch a cold. If you strike him, he’s a coward. If he strikes you back, he's a bully. If tic outwits you, he’s a sneak. If you see him first, he's a bonehead. If he makes a good catch, he’s lucky. If he misses it lie's a simp. If he gets promoted, lie's got pull. If he doesn't, ah, what's the use?.
HITLERS LAST WILL AND
Rig laughi novelty Catalog f|ree. EMPIRE Pcterboro. Ont.
Testament! 10c. NOVELT1 ES,
MONKTON POULTRY
FARMS
rvi.TE.NT»
Headache
MonKton, Ontario
FETHERSTUNHAUGH & COMPANY Patent Solicitors. Established 1890;	14 King West, Toronto.
Booklet of Information on request.
ORDER YOUR CHICKS NOW.
AND YOU ARE GUARANTEED your chicks for next spring when you want them. Barred Rock mixed $12.00 per 100, white leghorns mixed $11.00 per 1 IIII, Barred Rock Pullets $19.00 per 100, white leghorn pullets $22.00 per 100. Heavy Breed Cals. $6.00 per 100. Leghorn Ckls. $2.00 per 100. All chicks hatched from 26 oz. . eggs or better and from special mated flocks. Guaranteed 100% live delivery. $1.00 books your order, balance C.O.D. Rainbow Hatchery, Chatham, Ontario.
pounds, the
FARMS FOR SALE


Nothing is more depres- J sing than headaches .. /
Why suffer?.,.Lambly's V. will give instant relief. AAf Lambly's is good for earache, toothache, pains in HUf '1 ‘ back, stomach, bowels. TJeudf ;
114 ACRES, 20 ACRES OF BUSH, 80 acres good tractor land, large bank barn, 2 houses, 1 stone, 1 frame; furnishings optional; 2% miles from the town of Durham. 11 Cawthra Sq., Toronto.

1
STAMP*

COLLECTOR WILL PAY $10.00 TO
collee-Prud-

$300.00 for postage stum tion. Write Munn, 344 homme Ave., Montreal.
?
!
460 ACRES RED RIVER VALLEY land, good buildings, electrified, tapped water, suitable for dairy, etc., % mile from town and paved highway, 9 miles from Winnipeg. Good investment, $25,000. Sold with or without full equipment. Box 188, Vi Adelaide W„ Toronto.




lUi
AGENT* W ANTED
i
HEADACHE POWDERS :#
AN OLD ESTABLISHED CHICK hatchery wants agents lo certain localities In Canada to take orders for chicks In your spare time. The commission Is good and the chicks are well and favourably known. Write for full details Box No. 182, 73 Adelaide W., Toronto.
DO YrOU WANT TOP NOTCH Chicks? Of course you do because you know that Top Notch chicks are profit makers. You know that they are Government Approved from bloodtested breeders that are acclaimed for their livability, fast growth and high production. But here’s somethin you don’t know until you sen for our early booking pricelist (how much you will save by placing your order early), for Early Booking pricell day. Also laying and ready to lay pullets for Immediate delivery. Top Notch Chlckerles, Guelph, Ontario.
tween the two governments. Count Jean Marie Francois de Haute-clocque has been appointed first French ambassador to Canada. General Yanier, now in Paris, will shortly present his credentials as Ambassador to General <le Gaulle, president of the Provisional Government of France.
Good Way To Treat Sore, Painful Piles

226 ACRES ON PAVED HIGHway, Toronto 14 miles, 6 acres bush, balance tractor land. Excellent dairy or grain farm, bank barn, water in stables, Implement shed, poultry house. Good 8-roomed house, hot water heating,
separate house for help. Genuine bargain at less than $100 an acre; illness* forces sale. F. Shier, 216 Lawrence E., Toronto.
» $ $
The French mission in Ottawa and the Canadian mission in Paris have been raised to the status of embassy following agreement be-
3
If you suffer agonizing torture from sore/ painful, itching piles, here Is a chance to try a simple, home treatment with the promise of a reliable firm to refund the cost if you are not satisfied with the results.
Simply get a bottle of Hem-Roid from any druggist. This Is an internal
W A NT K U
SAPES WANTED. IN GOOD UU.N-ditlon. J. & J. Tuylor, Limited, 145 Front St. E., Toronto.
hardwood
floors. hydro,
, Send 1st to-
WANTED 100 TO 2uv ACRE FARM within radius of 20 miles of Toronto with good rlvei or stream, ter. Must be reasonaole price. State all particulars in first let-others need not reply. Box 180, 73 Adelaide W„ Toronto.
“SKIPPY” JUST A MONGREL BUT . .
treatment
whose
EVERGREEN FRUIT FARM—50-acre fruit farm with 30 acres thrifty productive fruit of all kinds; good buildings. hydro, pressure water system and 3-piece bath. Will sell full line of equipment also.
Clarence Wells, Forest,
medication is directed to the removal of the cause of piles. Hem-Rold is a ¦mall tablet, easy and pleasant to use and pleasing results are quickly shown. Itching and soreness are relieved, pain subsides and as the treatment is continued the swelling and Inflammation are reduced and the sore, painful pile tumore heal over, leaving the rectal membranes clean and hea.thy. Get a bottle of Hem-Rold today and see for yourself what an easy pleasant way this Is to rid yourself of pile misery.
NOTEi The sponsor of this notice Is a reliable firm, doing business In Canada for over 20 years. If you are troubled with sore, Itehlag, painful piles, Hem-Rold must help you quickly or the small purchase price will be gladly refunded.
100 CHICKS FREE
WITH EVERY ORDER OF 100 PULlet chicks, we give 100 f:ee chicks (our choice). Leghorn pullets $22.95 per 100, barred Rock pullets $19 95 per 100. White Rock Pullets $24.95 per 10C. Brown leghorn Pullets $24.95 per 100. All chicks sold backed by high egg pedigreed stock. $1.00 books your order, balance C.O.D. Guaranteed 100% live delivery. Kent Hatchery. Chatham, Ontario.

% *

%
Apply to R.R. 1.

HATCHING EGGS VN AM ED FUR 1945
culled and bluud-testeu tree of charge under Government Supervision. Good premiem paid. For full details write Box No. 181, 73 Adelaide W.f Toronto.
hatching
season. Flocks
HAIRDRESSING
LEARN HAIRDRESSING THE Robertson method, on request regarding Robertson's Hairdressing •my, 137 Avenue Road, Toronto.
1
Information classes. Acad-


WANT TO HUY 1'ROb ITABLE business, general store lumberyard and hardware, garage, or what have you? Give full derails first letter. Box 188. 73 Adelaide W., Toronto.
DYEING A CLEANING
HAVE YOU ANYTHING NEEDS dyeing or cleaning? Write to us for Information. We are glad to answer your questions. Department H, Parker's Dye Works Limited, 791 Yonge Street. Toronto.

I
j
HAIR GOODS
V

Only firm In Canada manufacturing ladies' and gentlemen's hair goods exclusively. Write us for particulars.
PONIES WANTED 9 2 AND 10.2 hands young preferred. E.
AgincourL
mures well broken Wheeler, R.R. 2,
FOR SALE
WHITE'S HAIR GOODS 258 longe SI., Toronto, Ontario
ELECTRIC MOTORS. NEW. USED, bought, sold, rebuilt; belts, pulleys, brushes. Allen Electric Company Ltd., 2326 Dufferln St.. Toronto.
lip
i
MU
l
?
M
DOMESTIC HELP WANTED
WANTED GIRL OR WOMAN TO assist In light cooking and housework. Married couple w‘th child of five. Fine home. All modern Improvements
heated with gun. Very ________
P°8(U°n' Will pay transportation to Toronto and pay eveiy good wages. Write Mrs. 7 222 Strathallan Blvd.,
MEDICAL
m


STOMACH AND THREAD WORMS often are the cause of Ill-health In humans, all ages. No one immune! Why not find out If this is your trouble? Interesting particulars—Free! Write Mulveney’s Remedies. Specialists. Toronto 2.
X

inv
f"
ARMY BOOTS
NEWLY RECONDITIONED BOOTS, of our armed forces, perfect condition. $3.25 delivered. Money-back guarantee. State site, send money order. # Rusk In A Co Peterborough. Ont.
House
choice
sewthery—causing awful bloat and wake-Nines*? Unlock this tight bloat by open leg up constipation and releaeing “Locked-la" gat. Slow digestion may keep bowels Mocked for days. Mulveney's B WELL opens ap bowels, aids dlgcstien and
A
*1

*
1
x

Wnentcroft, Toronto.
DON’T DELAY! EVERY 8UFFER-er of Rheumatic Peina or Neuritis should try Dixon’s Remedy. Munro’e Drug Store, 336 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
• 0
Makes you feel fine and ready for
Try Mulveney’s B WEI I me tonight end eee what It wilt do
Order large *2-nnre bottle from dmrrfrt tofts*
restful sleep.
I
Nervous, Restless
FARM HEI.I' WAN’S KOI
*
5
m

FOR CONSTIPATION! FOR EF-factive, gentle action take Fer-mol Laxative Tablets. Relieve constipation safely. Non-habit forming. At your druggist’s or send $1.00 for 2 month’s supply, postpaid. • Fermol Distributors,
« Boa fit LonUml OjjL —
EXPERIENCED FARMHAND, single, any nationality, under 60 years of age.

r&L CAMPHORATED
MUSTARD CREAM
ILLIAMS
Good home and -:5“il.APS,n,LMr- Rob noy Uow-
#a “COTAIN DAYS" Of Tbo Watt?
If functional periodic disturbances you feel nervous, cranky, high-strung, tired, week and "dragged out" -M euch time,-chart at onct try
rinkham'e!Vet;etatile Com -
ATTENTION — TRAPPERS. LUM-. barman, farmers, a marvelous cret to snare foxes, five tl—. luefcltr than traps. Address Louis Hey. Esteourt, Que.

S.
FIG-LAX TABLETS, A POSITIVE corrective for constipation, sluggish liver, disordered stomach end bowels. 26c at dealers, or by mull, 3 boxes 6
I all. Gnr.^H
-Skippy"
a Canadian
. He is now mascot for the battery O. D. Bracken, Montreal, poses the pet
s product that mare natum. Follow
label directions. Plnkhem’a Compound le worth trying! Made in C™ mt.
LYDIA E. PUIKHAflP. 3
• It*
and loved for a Canadian Army cameraman.
Oct $ boxes ll.df; Products, Wood-
rdrf and prevents furthci complication,
write Fig i^ir
ISSUE M—1M4
stock. Ont
A
###PAGE###3###
#
CHINESE FLEE BEFORE JAPANESE ADVANCE
THIS ONE WAS TOO CLOSE
ê
«**
«
r
a
ir
\
V
*



1
1
f
O'
t
*
V
>
h %

/

Ï
f
X-,

5s
V
I


«
&
4
%
m
w


%

*
b*
«
:W-



*


4...



ft


fjmm


m

I
I

m
KM
»
tm

>


EVACUATION EXPRESS—As Jap troops converged on Liuchow from the north, south and east, the long-suffering Chinese civilian population prepared to flee. For weary thousands, no transportation could be provided. A lucky few shown in these remarkable photographs crammed every inch of space on a freight train loaded with human cargo. They clung to their babies, to a few scraps of food, to such pathetic luxuries as the parasol shading the youngster huddled close to the smokestack. From locomotive caboose, wherever their fingers could hang on, refugees clung to the train.
#5
.

Y
A
à
<$>

r


HOMAGE
I
mm







f
à
I

This gaping hole was left on Tacloban harbor pier, Leyte, after Japanese daylight bombing raid. Shrapnel from the burst sprayed the Liberty ship docked there and killed two men. American soldiers examine pit and nock-marked side of ship.
am

BACK ON THE FARM

"i
w*
»

r
I

l
Ü
* ; t '
Pk

<z3b
I*
à
%
a
#?

R

m
w

>

&

%
WÊk
#

Éa/


n


Û
*¦>
ST
j
M

3%


J*
%
SALUTE—He’s hungry, Lu little tyke manages to say “Thumbs Up“ with a grin that typifies indomitable spirit.
SCOOP—Children rush to scoop out hot coals from underneath the locomotive as the train stops for a few minutes. Embers will be used for heating purpose* by the chilled, hungry refugees, who huddle together for protection against chill November winds.
I
i

w-
m
I
L
*8
»
»

1
*
1

CANADIAN TANKS ON THE MOVE IN HOLLAND
I
m
n
Kg Jâ

jr

*1
m

v

i
! 1-4
EL

&
The grave of Florence Nightingale, the first battlefront nurse, il decorated by an American Army nurse stationed in England, where Miss Nightingale is buried.
w
<1
s
H
14'
Kt'-; h.WUk U *860*0* # 7*
RCEN*ZOOM%


m
CANADA ENDS 7th U. S. STARTS 6th

m


\
m

Women inhabitants of civilian camp on Saipan in the Marianas hoe sweet potatoes on community farm to provide large percentage of food for civilian occupants.


m
j*

vr.
m.


4

f*
y

3f
m
&
W-^2
# 4
a
¦::w3œ
*
//otolCMt
1



% -

SERVED
%

*

: g

m.
m
I Q* 'j6v
*
V' '

t
À
à -* ^^4


î4
\

>

I
«*
I
{


5
1
V
J

Close on the heels of the Hun retreating through Holland, these Canadian tanks round a bend in the road during their recent advance in the heavy fighting on the Dutch-Belgian frontier.
T




On cool mornings, try Nabisco Shredded Wheat this way; Dip the biscuits quickly into hot water, drain and serve with hot or cold milk. Or split them, toast lightly, dot with butter, and serve with top milk or cream. Plan breakfast around Nabisco Shredded Wheat. Growing youngsters especially need the food energy it helps to supply.
GRIM EGG ROLLING'

Wm
1
5?
t
<y
m


fry.
mm.
&
**
w*
X
- MW#»

A

i
<
%
Actress Barbara Hale of the films gets into the spirit of the U S. Sixth War Loan drive with this new fall hat which features the numeral “6" as its decoiativc theme. The U S. starts its sixth loan as Canada finishes her seventh —away over the top.
1
"
(À
m


THE CANADIAN SHREDDED WHEAT COMPANY, LTD. Niagara Falls, Canada
*****

fcifc


I

V

0441
Ah
f
TTSTEO PRACTICAL RECIPES IN
EVERY

¥
%
#
?-
V
\
pOLV ON E!
one/
ONE/x^S
f
4%
*
4
*


*

«
\G"t

V
m
>7

tv
LL

6
0*E
/
m )
st*
• a
y
r*s
e
r//

luunpMe
I

t


NOW you know why
a mwr~ makes better cigarettes


m

A


¦
ÆS
%


m
i
Ai their aircraft carrier steams into a Pacific combat zone, Allied crewmen engage in a grim “egg rolling” as they trundle 500-pound bombe toward a group of dive-bombers on deck.

14
###PAGE###4###
#
THE EQUITY
Letters"re. Red Cross
Work
I*
Shawville, Nov.. 30th. 1944
OVERCOATS
ED SERVICE

• »
The following letter of commendation and challenge to Shawville and District Red Cross has been received by Mrs. Neil Drummond.
About 200,000 Bags of Milkweed Pods
L

%


—
Winter blizzards and zero weather can be tamed and tempered no matter how shivery the weather turns out to be in one of these warm, comfortable Blysian overcoats
Hyland fleece overcoats, single breasted, raglan or set in sleeve, noted for its long wear.............. $25.00
Melton cloth overcoats-a hard wearing cloth at a popular price

Nearly 200,000 bags of milkweed district secretary:— pods, the floss from which will be Dear Mrs. Drummond used to make life preservers for the Armed Forces have been collected durng the past two months by school children in Ontario, Quebce and Manitoba, the Agricultural Supplies Board stated recently.
While most of the available milkweed pods have been turned in to collecting centres there are still some schools and persons who still have bags of pods fn their possession.
These, the Board says, should be delivered to collecting centres or buying agents as soon as possible and payment of 20 cents per bag will be made for them. The locations of these centres are known to Agricultural Representation's, School Inspectors orlocal newspapers. Shipments should not be made to the Board in Ottawa. The milkweed pods are being shipped to a special processing plant in Michigan, U.S.A.
The Board said it appreciates the assistance given by School Inspectors, teachers, pupils. Agricultural
Representatives and individuals in and a shortage of civilian clothing, the collection of pods. The work in We know it is difficult, to have such this way has been a big con tribu- , articles made, and that the ability tion to the war effort
Thank you very much for your last shipment of Red Cross supplies received a few days ago, and for which we enclose receipt. All the sewing has been examind, and there was’nt a thing to be corrected. We wish to congratulate the workers on their good will to follow directions so carefully—really it is so much more satisfactory and pleasant. We ask you to convey our appreciation.
Will you also assure the quilt workers that all quilts received here are sent to Red Cross, and we are sure that all these are used for War Relief. Because your shipments of quilts are so numerous we mention Shawville particularly almost every time on this item.
How are you getting along with Sie heavy sewing? We would be very pleased to have the women's coats as soon as possible. Provincial headquarters make frequent enquiries as to our stock of dresses, : coats, etc. There is a great demand

Li
%

i
$39.50
%
I
MS





%


v
#
SWLA LAIN
$19.50


••
MH
9
BOYS’ PARKAS

• •
•t
• ••
• ••««•••••K
•••H
Good looking garbardine parka coats, warm, comfortable, zipper front, fur trimmed hood and collar, in faun, green and Airforce blue,
• »

•t
FROM THEM/XER 70 YOU
$8.95
BOYS’ BREEKS
to make dresses and coats is not given to all. That is why we almost beg the workers who have the ability not to spend their precious work on easier sewing which others can do as well.
x
Mr. FARMER
Still Ration New Farm Machinery
All wool “Renfrew” and Oxford cloth, full lined, with double duty knee
• • •
$3.50
If your livestock could talk—they'd be asking you for fresh feed! They don't relish stale feed any more than you do. So why give it to them ? Make absolutely sure the feed you give them is fresh by getting it from your nearby SHUR-GAIN FEED SERVICE MILL
As the best method of ensuring delivery of available farm machinery to farmers who need it most, the present system of rationing new farm machinery and equipment will be I A. Fleming, Provincial Chairman of continued until supplies are more , Woman's War Work Committee fol-nearly in lim^nrilth the consumer de- I lows:
ifrmaking this announce-
Yours sincerely,
Miretta L. Major, Chairman Hull War Work Com Part of another letter from Mrs
Store closed Wednesdays at 12 o’clock, noon
Try if you can to encourage the ment, the Wartime Prices and Trade I workers to knit and sew. We have Board caution farmers not to dispose !a sufficient supply of surgical dress-of their old tractors or other ration- *nf>s for now. Really, the situation ed farm equipment this Fall, unless regarding the shortage of supplies is they have a permit from the Board becoming increasingly serious, and to purchase new equipment next we all must do our utmost to im-Spring. To help keep present pre- | prove matters, sent equipment in operation, there is no limit on the production of repair parts.
Even with an early end of the war in Europe, it will be at least a year before the supply of farm machinery can be increased to meet all demands, the Administrator of Farm Machinery pointe out agricultural machinery production is limited by lack of sufficient power and by shortages of certain materials and component parts, such as steel sheets, malleable castings, roller and ball bearings, and motors.
Why are SHUK-GAIH feeds fresh ?
They are manufactured at frequent intervals—only as needed. There is no storage, resulting in stale feeds. And this fact is very important because feeds lose feeding value when they become stale through storage.
, , t^~^c7/np {ytoMfind and •nabordasneiy /dr men and uot/s
Are You Making a Will ?
A.FRA5ER SOfNI
Does it (ost more for this freshness ?
If so, and it is your wish to identify your name with some charitable institution out of a desire to benefit others you could not do better than remember Pontiac Community Hospital when making your bequests.
Definitely not! SHUR GAIN feeds are manufactured locally and for that reason they cost less. Extra transportation charges and middlemen's profits are eliminated and this shows up in the price of the feed.
Canadian
man -
Place Orders Now
x
feed the SHUK-CAIH way!
Our 1944 quota on Farm Machines is completed with the exception of a few Fall machines.
In order for us to insure delivery, anyone requiring farm machines, barn equipment or fence wire for 1945 will be well advised to place orders now.
War Causes Changes
In States’ License Plates
Multicolored license plates on front and rear of automobiles will all but disappear in 1944—replaced by single plates of steel or plastics, tabs inserted in old plates, windshield stickers, etc. These substitutes are the result of experiments by motor vehicle registration administrators to replace steel plates used universally before the war.
But, despite the fact new devices have been cheaper, administrators I look forward to the time when adequate supplies of steel will permit use of two steel plates per car each year. Tabs have been difficult to administer, easy to remove and replace on other cars and hard for I enforcement officers to identify. Stickers are disliked by car owners and enforcement officers and cause complications in the accounting office. Fiber board has proved successful for passenger cars according to the experience of two states, but. as far as is known, no state has used it for trucks.
Half the states will issue only one new license plate of steel in 1944, while others will use substitute materials for their licenses. Two states, Connecticut and Delaware, have permanent plate systems. Illinois, Louisiana, Montana and Virginia will ssue two new fiber board plates hu each car; licenses for trucks onl> will be made of steel in Illinois and Louisiana.
Since SHUR-GAIN feeds are always fresh—since they are so handy to your farm—and since they cost less—surely they are logical feeds for all your livestock. Depend upon them to help you produce better stock that will be worth more money to you.
See us about all your feeding requirements !
Our
Try a new McCormic-Deering Cream
Separator now
It will put DOLLARS in your pocket
»
CHRISTMAS
STOCK
Hobbs Milling, Shawville Quyon Milling Co., Quyon
Now on Display
Hodgins Garage
Buick, Oldsmobile
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
l
CEMETERY MEMORIALS
Shop Early!
Phone 64
We have the largest stock in the
OTTAWA VALLEY
•c
NORTH STAR
LAYING MASH
Call and see us
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Phone 278
THE CORNER STORE
Giant Electron Microscope A'd to Research Workers
\
&
*
Es ate Mrs. M. G. Howard Main and Centre Sts SHAWVILLE


.1
A powerful now research tool with which to attack civilian and war problems is now in use by University of California scientists. An electron microscope capable of magnifying objects as much as 13,000 times has been installed on the Berkeley





&!
X

Its the Eggs that Count
No matter how many hens you have its the eggs they lay that makes a profit for
you.
i
>
campus.
The microscope, which,weighs a ton and stands more than seven feet thigh, is similar in principle to an ordinary microscope except that it substitutes electron beams for light and magnetic fields or electron lenses for optical lenses. The electron beams pass through vacuum and are focused by the magnetic fields

SCHOOLS GIVEN EXTRA
RATIONS
$
CEMETERY DONATIONS
!
DE LAVAL MILKERS
M
k
Dr. D. J. Campbell, treasurer of the
Schools with facilities for serving hôt noon lunches for children during the cold weather may apply to a branch of the ration administration for ration documents to purchase rationed foods, the Wartime Prices
application should be made by a responsible person such as the principal or other teacher and should state number of children affected. Rationed foods will be allotted only for persons who stay at school for noon lunch because of distance home, bad roads or weather conditions.
llStiï^Pwd^y M1U»” 2*unite, 1
engine, $356.50; De Laval Magnetic I lowing donations:—-
was the only milker used at both E. Osborne, Amprior .........
the New York World's Fair and the Mrs. R. Findlay .............
San Francisco Golden Gate Exposi- Mrs. R. W. Hawthorne ........
De Laval Sterling, 2 units,	(New Westminster, B. C.)
installed complete for 20 cows, less Mrs. Geo. Ebert, Vancouver..
engine, $286.50.	Mrs. J. D. Hodgins .........
Bam lighting equipment with the | Dr. Alf McRae .............
Magnetic Milker, installed complete, for $20.00
(i
z
k
$3.00
Sx
2.00
1.50 and Trade Board points out

tion
More
Eggs
The specimen to be examined is placed on a thin plastic film within the vacuum and the electrons stream through making a shadow on a fluorescent screen or a photographic plate.
The instrument allows research workers to study and photograph objects such as bacteria, pigments, fine fibers, plastics, soil and virus parti- ! cles causing diseases in plants, animals and man. The photographs Onto the premises of the under- I a Friend..........................
taken of these objects can then be signed in June a year and a half old , Miss A Hamilton, Ottawa, enlarged to 100,000 times the actual black and white heifer. Owner may Miss Arminta Woods ....
size, as compared with 2,000 times have same by proving property and ] Mrs. Gordon Russett ------
for the microscope using light paying expenses incurred, beams.	1	MYERS DOLEY,
Campbell’s Bay, Que
Lower
Cost
1.50
2.00

5.00
Mr. Jno. R. McDowell, treasurer of Maple Grove Cemetery Fund, acknowledges with thanks, the following donations:—
Miss A. Hamilton, Ottawa, .
Mrs. Harold Dean .........
(Niagara Falls, N. Y.)

\
CLIFFORD CONE,
Shawville, Que
Phone 36,
Cull out all the weak layers and keep only the good-then feed them to the best of your ability—if you have plenty of home grown grains, let us grind them for and add North Star concentrate or simply feed plete feed such as North Star Laying Mash.
OTTAWA VALLEY GRAIN PRODUCTS, Ltd.
Renfrew, Ont.
$5.00
Furnish Humus
The gardener who keeps up the fertility of his soil is the gardener who keeps up the humus content of his soil by sowing and working into the soil cover crops; or .if this is not convenient, furnishes humus in the form of peat moss, manure, or 2.56 humus from his own compost pile.
5.00
STRAYED
you a com-
2.00
i
5M0
1.00
2.00
Warehouse, Shaw ville. Que.
3.00
W. E. N. Hodgins ....
Mrs. J. Alex Armstrong Mrs. Sam Woods -----
2.00
,
###PAGE###5###
:
<
#

IK».

ZAVX/>
SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENTS
220
From now to Christmas
Ifs R. P. Eades’ Store for Gifts
%
Prariirat Sifts

SUNDAY, DECEMBER 3

CANADA’S VETERANS
7far ftst-Hbr Ofiporhnittes
_
S3
SH AW VILLE UNITED
Rev. A. F. Pokes, B.A., B.D., Pastor

Jut ™'c.£,:	ef
women of the armed forces. rt*,d everX advertisement.
%
to inform
plana to re-eeieblieh_________________
To get full details, save and
mW
¦ ;
For complete informa'
" Ovd
Life”


Service at Shawvill
The Lord's Supper
Service at Zion—2.00 p. m.
Service at Starks Cor’s—3.30 p. m.
Service at Shawville—7.30 p.m. Talking Movies in three reels “The Crown of Righteousness",from the last days of the life of Paul.
I‘‘When Jesus was born", the Christmas story.	t
11.00 a m.
m
*
%
»



ft
Cm for tie Wounded art/U
ÏÏÏS.'"-.-
mwMM
_ _ èct your Christmas
Brnttur
«NOAV/0
mm
J




I
too

'
!
w

n
zz
BRISTOL UNITED
Mr. Leslie Dean, Lay Minister



¦
mÆ,


i
St. Andrew's Sunday School Service at -
Buy her a modern spring filled three-piece
Chesterfield Suite or a Studio Couch this Christmas. Chesterfield suites from $139.50 to $169.50
Special two-piece Chesterfield for (mail room. Handsome dark wine velour sofa and chair,
$129 50
Business girls and teachers, whose living quarters are limited, require a comfortable bed at night and homey surroundings by day should invest in a Simmons spring-filled studio couch, $49.50 to $52.50,
Two thirds of your Kfe is spent in bed. Why not enjoy that time by sleeping in comfort ? Simmons spring-filled mattresses, quantity now in stock :
Koeemary, spring filled $25.00 Spring Air. spring filled. $24.50 Slumber King,
Simmons special Croydon felt mattress $9.50



10.00 a jn.


.
11.00 ajik

Knox
Service at—3.00 p.m.
Austin
Service at —8.00 pjn.


w$.


wm
1


m
the most m in ail branches
SUSSE
condition.




for
m 1 1
Subject—
“Unity and inspiration of the Bible"
yy/<







'
CLARENDON UNITED
Rev. P. L. LeBel, Pastor
if
H

Z;
trea
###

Service at Radford —11.60 a m.
Service at Bristol —300 p.m. Preacher Mr. Wilmer Graham
Service at Yarm—7.30 pjn.
Rev. A. F. Pokes, Preacher

/

%
pensions
derstood conditions:
; ~BS~=
by service is pensionable.
un
ft

Pension is aw
a
a limited
S*
ANGLICAN
.
ice may be pensionable if
w 235? SffÆÎ» af "
JOBS FOR DISABLED
St. Paul's
Rev. Cecil Randell, BA., L.Th.
'A
y.
%

27.50 Special
23.50

Sunday School—10.00 a m. Holy Communion —11.00 Sermon Theme:—
“Advent Preparation" '
Evening Prayer— 7.30 p.m. Sermon Theme:—
I

fiSfSS»*



m
#2
%
“Prevailing Prayer” St. Lukes, Caldwell Evening Prayer—2.00 Holy Trinity, Radford Evening Prayer—3.30
m

i
A few Practical Gifts for Her
mm
à*!**
»

THE
Axminster Rugs Blankets Bed Spreads Leather Hand Bags Sweaters
m*
Congoleum Rugs Bed Throws Toilet Sets Silk Underwear Slippers


Parish ol North Clarendon
Rev. P. R. Stole,
St. Matthew’s Holy Communion—10.30 St. Matthew’s, Onslow Evening Prayer— 3.00 p.m.
St. George’s, Thorne Centre Evening Prayer—7.30
Annual vestry meeting at Greer-mount, Wednesday evening Dec. 6th.

Incumbent
Charteris
1
Î

m
y.
For the Baby

iP
White fur carriage robes
Wool sets
Slippers
%
Blankets
Kimonos
Nighties



4

0
.’.VA+.W






»»¦

For Him

Holiness Movement
Rev. W. C. A. McFarlane, Pastor
V/,

:v:
A. Udpruv, Mmuttr of
Sunday School—10.00 a.m.
Evening Service at Shawville
withdrawn
North Onslow
Sunday School— 1.30 p.m.
Evening Service— 7.30 p.m.
These are the closing services of the revival campaign which is now in progress.
Volteary will be the speaker at both services. The Campbells Bay mixed quartette will be in attendance.
ltmed under d*	of %*"
Sweaters, Ties, Socks, Mitts, Slippers, Parkas, Windbreakeis, Greeks, Shirts, Handkerchiefs, Scarves, etc.
#'iÂ
>
affairs
f
VETERANS

WOMAN OVERSEAS.

SOME MAN OR
TO
advertisement
5W
? SEND THIS

Special Range of Santa Claus Gifts
»
: #

I
%

I





>1*5
//AV**’.'. »v.
XvXv

Skiis and poles, Strong, sturdy hand sleighs, Stuffed animals, Walking dogs, Modern builder, etc.
/ M

¦
Evangelist Arthur
ESTABLISHED 1883:
Change Often
Underwear should be changed often enough to avoid the need for harsh laundering, which shortens the life of textiles.

I NVALID
COACH
Pentecostal Assemblies
Rev. N. F. Wendt Pastor
Store closed at 12 o'clock, noon,
every Wednesday '
Wash gently in tepid soapy water, with several rinses in clear wa-Services at 11.00 a.m. and 7.30 p.m. | ter of the same temperature. If the
weather is freezing, hang the clothes indoors to dry,* but don’t hang them over the stove or over the radiator. Ironing is unnecessary if the clothes are hung properly. Smooth them with the hand or, in the case of brushed rayons, use a brush lightly to bring back the fluff. Good care will make the garments last longer, and is a wartime “must” for every girl and woman who wants to do her part.
GEO. HYNES & SON
Shawville
Bristol Ridge'
Service at 2.30 p.m. and 7.45 p.m.
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
CZShawville Oue.
Wesleyan Methodist
Rev. H. Kielty, Pastor
Phone 80
Shawville
Sunday School—10.00 a.m. Morning Service—10.30 a.m. Campbell’s Bay Sunday School—10.00 a.m. Evening Service— 7.30 p.m.
u


‘2S

Treated Wood Possibilities
Chemically treated wood which will eliminate sticking doors, windows, and drawers, make it easy to remove scratches from furniture, _ and permit wood to be bent and % shaped, is in prospect for postwar 9 homes. These treatments profound- ? ly alter the natural properties of wood, widening the scope of its use- 8 fulness. Soft woods such as poplar, § 8.00 p.m. | now employed for such ordinary 4
items as ironing boards, shelves and g breadboards, can be made as hard 8 as hard maple, forecasting possible § use as a furniture base. Beautiful Â woods like cypress, at present used g , —-o—	for paneling, siding and shingles, g
Restrictions regulating fur coats, could go into furniture and floors, jackets,and fur	scarfs and
muffs, have been removed, Michael
Morris, administrator of fur skins	Wear and Tear
and fur garments for the Wartime The nation’s railroads have been Pricesand Trade Board states. How- subjected to unprecedented wear
To-day’s announcement will permit *or *c L'L"m1°,n,t,h	',n.£ 55P'
manufacturers, if they can obtain	t°ta'ed $2,347.000.-
the materials, to use wool interlin- 000—or twice as great as in 1938, „ ings, elastic, and double linings for the year prior to the outbreak of the bottoms of garments.	hostilities in Europe.	4
ASPHALT SHINGLES ROLLROOFING ROLL BRICK
MASONITE
TEN-TEST
CYPROC
HYDRATED LIME NAILSand CEMENT
Your Winter Feed
Standard Church
Rev. J. N. Patterson, Pastor
?V
When buying your Winter feed it will you to inquire about the following : —
Chowmix Laying Mash
Chowmix Hog Starter, Grower and Finisher
Chowmix 16 p. c. Dairy Ration Oyster Shell and Scratch Grain
Sunday School—10.00
Morning Worship—11.00
Evangelistic Service— 7.30
Prayer Services Tuesday and Friday
pay
FUR COATS TAKEN OFF RESTRICTIONS
We will be unloading a car of Soybean Meal about December 5fh, Let us know your requirements.
%
j The Hodgins Lumber Co.
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
/
t
###PAGE###6###
\

MOPSY by GLADYS PARKER
I IF YOU'LL eARRV YOUR OWN BAGS)
, I'LL REFUND HALF THE TIP ! jr'
THE SPORTING THING
STRANGE VOYAGER
BY IBNO musthono
Answer to Previous Pussle
8	Nickname, tor Melvin.
9	Military police (abbr.).
10	Coming toward.
11	Fraternity.
19 By.
21 Nickname for Harold.
26	Adopt.
27	Church (Scottish).
28	Swiftness.
29	Warning.
30	Sanctum.
58 Over (poet.). 31 Savage's drum
35 Musical compositions.
HORIZONTAL
1 Man
swallowed by a whale 6 Whale is a
y
' "tin?
ET
//
12	Fruit.
13	Syrian city.
14	Foot pound (abbr.).
15	Note of scale
16	Carte blanche |AlL[T (abbr.).
17Paid (abbr.). |N*T|0 18 A dandy.
20 Chinese
f f.
~Tsît1r[ i [Pl
STY
4
it i


A
%
>
«
)
s
ornTiGEE
I
JAN
I
u
w>
X
WtREWM
L
I
ft

y
11
Lt

38	Troops.
39	Exclamation 59 Affirmative of dismay.
measure.
21	Embrace.
22	Exist.
23	Ireland (abbr.).
24	Beverage.
25	Footprints.
29 Chronicles.
31	Tuesday (abbr.).
32	He sailed out

r rliT
\
I
answer.
40 Bill of fare. 60 He was sailing 41 Din.
42 Irish breed of in the ca 1
44 Chinese lodge. VERTICAL 46 Medical suffix. 1 Palestine port 47 Against.
48	Barrier.
49	Animal skin.


r
1

a
a
N

i

43 Rodent.
45 Sanskritid language.
V
à

VT»
sea.

v*“
W;
r


I
2	Seasonable. 49 Leafy plant
3	Notary Public 51 Beverage,
(abbr.).	52	Child.
4	Everything. 53 Goddess
5	Pain in head.	(Roman)..
6	Working parts 54 Japanese coin, of a machine. 57 Myself.
7	Sapwood. 58 Either.
M
A
/
y
n
f
50 Far East. 53 Death.
33	Feudal vassal. 55 Genus of
34	Supposing.
36	Upon.
37	Withered.
•/

in a
4‘What did you say your husband’s hobby was?”

rodents.
56 Nickname for Thomas.

By William
Fergusdn
THIS CURIOUS WORLD
11
3
8
10
6
4
2
3
5
I
13
12.
«
AS
s
17
16

14
15
TEMPERATURES DROP BELOW THE ÊREEZINS POINT, THE
w/a/ov
OF SNOW y /ASCttASJSMl
s
k
ê
20
19
IÔ

/ /d-2
4
23
22
A
By Fred Neher
28
O
25
b
27
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
r

34
3
3
32
31
f,
39
3Ô
37
36
%
z
AT
I
43
42
40
41
FORTY
DEOREES BELOW ZERO THE FRICTION IS ALMOST AS GREAT AS THAT OF SAND.
V
^ ? o
o °o * y <yy
c2> id?
49
48
46
47
C

54
so
S3
SI
sz
°0
%uf
° • o
59
56
57
56
SS

f.*
Œ&SÛ3ÛC

»
Oc
f •
60
a
21
i
/
#L
X
I
ê
Bfc/J
r
#
SCALES
OF A SNAKE ARE RIPPLED BACKWARD BY THE REPTILE'S MUSCLES, THEREBY MOVING THE BODY
AS THE TREADS MOVE AN ARMY TANK.

By Roland Coe
CROSSTOWN
«S

U



# #
\

1 •
/
V E
f\
»

0
È
i
U

5?

%
i

‘v
LHILDREN GROW UP AND LOOK DOWN ON THEIR. RARfcMTS/' 5>v$ * PAPPY " zvctvvSrX', /V y<
COPR. 1943 BY MCA SERVICE. I
;V:

U
» •
* •
“He didn’t really need the x-rays but the hospital was the only
place in town where he could get a room.”
*
10-9
T. M. REC. V. # PAT. Off.
W
O
s
MUTT AND JEFF-
By BUD FISHER
I
Jeffs Charley McCarthyized His Pooch
46
7-9-4W
GOOD GOSH! THAT DOG -IT TALKS! IT SPOKE TO f
“ ""“ÏS5 II WINNER RT A
>y-—•'[did SHE I DO<3 SHOW.1 / V SAY? Jr—    J
• p*
SHE SAID SHE'S 11 PEACH BLOSSOM, HOW MANY. <v A BLUE-RIBBON TIMES MUST l TELLŸOUTO
STOP StOOFlNG? You KNOW A you IXOKt win ANY RiBBONSjfe , at A DOG SHOW//3BZ3l>
9
Key PlE-FACE.1 e DO YOU KNOW WHO] I I AM? IMA
BLUE-RIBBON WINNER. AT THE
1 DOG SHOW*}
SHE
Z



t



!	91*


x
o

(/a
<SVUÏ
o
0

0
o
••
rS

V
y
0
11
fh-

/
/

,'za

/
0-*
“I can get you all that kind of work you can handle for ten
per cent!”
0
HOLD EVERYTHING
POP—A Sailor Must Know His Spectrum
By J. MILLAR WATT
I
I COULDN GET IN THE NAvy 'QOS I'fA COLOR BLIND
i
l
WE DONT WANT PEOPLE TAKING BATTLESHIPS OP THE WHITE OR BLACK SEA
INSTEAD OF THE RED
QUITE right; TOO -
$
V
%
I
5»'
m


i

*
*
¦

&



. :







%

*
J liiii
mwm




m
lO-7>
VHr-lraaedb) The UrII Sv

f. lac )
-


iai
REG LAR FELLERS—The Private Preview
By GENE BYRNES
“For the last time, turn that radio
down!”
WHAT/ WHO/
why/ who!»
RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS OUTRAGE / y
/ I DID IT, POPPA/ MOM 1 WANTED TO SEE WHAT YOU LOOK LIKE AT h BREAKFAST/
AND I FOUND OUT THAT YOUR FATHER
^'MORNING* DEAR-'MORNING, JIMMIE — I SEE I JUST WAVE, TIME FOR A BITE AND A CUP OF À \ COFFEE/ Æ
OKAY,
YOU.
WIN/
THE SPORTING THING
# MORMNG, > POPPA -THERE'S k YOUR PAPER/ /
7K
GOOD
morning, dear /
li
LOOKING GENTLE
1


o
9
0

•jr
Z
\
fV//,p
k

i

m *
4
\ 1
• ivi
m*
F
? w

x
Jfi*
u
7'%

a
>
»

as>

tST
¦
"OK O K.” Ill look again!”



#

#
m

>z


L*
m
1

si
S

#
e
-
^ ¦ %
.Ji
i



»
y.
ki

.

i
'
«
I
et
KÊ
mm

A
i

\

màisti
SE a
B B3
Q il BE H
Buiulu 22 SH3 QBIUE S
_ i ¦mi QB U
y BEBE BEBBti G SES BEEE3ÜÏ SBji
sase ubb Basa
BQtu tiJlulBBtkl [üjBIZ SB BSEIB0B Bü
E EMEfe! I BMlsti B faBEilÜ
a
###PAGE###7###
#
*«
t
SMART RE MAKE
Here*a A Pleasing Platter
The Quality Tea
THE

i!

/
I
r
%
a

IF
i
<2
%

\ : ! ill
rli
y
/
$
'Ur





4 #4

K#
rz
f
%


îhk 20-pog# booklet every woman will want
aw Kellogg’s "Weig $rol Plan90 elves you vital menu planning and bolding your ftdcaV* weight. Scientifically prepared weight-control menus (at three calorie levels) for every day in the week. Prepared by competent authorities, this booklet can help you and your look your beet, feel your best.
You will find the new Kellogg’s "Weight Control Plan9* packed inaide thm top of every package of Kellogg’s ALL-BRAN—the delicious food that aids natural regularity, Oct your copy at your grocer’s now.

&
w




4
*##



W.Â
t
The
hi Con-facts on

1
m
CDOIICLES
n GOTGEB FARM


•y
*
husband
Gwendoline F. Clerks
a
U
#
$
#
e
mm

called, but quite softly—"Alma”, But there was no response.
That, somehow,
bit. If Alma didn’t hear,
wasn’t With fresh
a complete blackout—as real and impenetrable as anything that England could offer. That was my experience the other night when I stayed overnight at my 'in-laws’ in Toronto.
It happened this way. I was taking a bath; the rest of the family went to bed and had left a light on for me in my room. I knew this had been done, so, when I was through, I switched off the bathroom light, opened the door, and to my dismay, found myself confronted with complete darkness. There wasn’t a glimmer of light anywhere. Even at that I wasn’t alarmed because after all it was only a six-roomed apartment and I had only to go from the bathroom to my bedroom. I started feeling my way ... I had to pass through the dining-room—the dining-table should be a guide. But hand touched something hard and cold—metal of some ‘Stow what on earth . . thought. I went a little further. This time I came in contact with something bristley—a whisk or a broom. Then the handle of something—either the stove or frigidaire, I wasn’t sure which, but I did realize by this time that I was in ethe kitchen.
Black-out
a
j.

cheered me

#3
quite a
then it was evident I
*

«Ma*
The Far mette!
Smartly clad in her own creation— a soft grey wool outfit made from six different kinds of men's suiting, Elizabeth Hawse, former New York fashion designer took time out to do a little re-making at the W.P.T.B. ReMake Centre in Toronto last week. Here Miss Hawes shows that she too. knows how to press worn material into shape for new use.
waking anyone up.
I started off again but
With
When it’s frosty on the outside, you'll want to serve something that warms the insides—a good hot meal to do justice to healthy appetites.
A sausage roll, surrounded by tender brussels sprouts, and sweet apple crescents, browned to a turn, may be just the menu you’ve been looking for. With a combination of old-fashioned substantiality and goodness, it's pracit.cally a guarantee that there won't be any food left on the platter by dessert time.
courage
using a little more system.
hands stretched out ahead of I touched this thing and then that. One time I touched nothing at all. “Ah now, this is encouraging!” It might b€ that I was coming through the dining-room doorway. A few more steps . . • “Glory be, there's a light my bedroom!” 1 almost ran I warn thankful. And then 1 stopped— just about petrified. There waa another light and someone coming towards me! “Ye gods, was I in someone else's apartment?” wasn’t—but I don’t think I'm going to like full-length mirrors any more after that episode!
A farmette started out to work Early one summer’s morn,
And every animal on the place Soon wished they'd not been bora.
my
me
Stuffed Sausage Roll
The farmer and his wife and kids Each climbed the nearest tree, That farmette thought a farmer’s
1 cup bread crumbs 1 cup All-Bran 2 pounds sausage meat
Combine apples, onions, crumbs and All-Bran to form dressing. Pat sausage into rectangular piece about #-inch thick. Spread stuffing over surface of meat. Roll up like a jelly roll, beginning at the long side of rectangle so that roll will not be to thick. Bake in shallow pan, in a moderate oven (350 F.) about 45 minutes, or until done. Cut in slices to serve.	.	/
Yield: 1 roll (8-10 servings).
2 cups chopped raw apples yS cup chopped onion
it’s
life,
lied expression on his face. “Could he be the thief?”
“Heavens, no!”
Was just one great, wild spree.
They asked her once to milk the cow—
She knew just what to do—
The more she tugged, the more she pulled,
The poor cow hollered “Moo!”
so
*
At her tone, quickly.
“You don't mean that he is the man to whom you are engaged?”
Peggy remained silent.
“Well, now, isn’t that just dandyl This beloved fiance who is to be out of town for another week sud-
he turned to her
I
All-Bran Stuffing
2 teaspoons salt # teaspoon pepper H teaspoon poultry seasoning 1# cups stock or water Combine bread cubes with All-Bran. Saute onion in fat and add to bread mixture. Add seasonings and stock which may be made by dissolving 2 bouillon cubes in V/2 cups hot water. Mix well.
Yield: 6 to 8 servings.
12 cups % - i n c b bread cubes 1 cup All-Bran 3 tablespoons minced onion Yà cup fat
my
kind.
She said she’d like to feed the pigs (No lessons she had taken)
She came back riding on the sow And thus brought home the bacon.
I
Exodus Halted
denly appears from behind a hedge and at the sight of me beats it. And as for you, instead of rushing to the arms of your lover, you utter a terrified squeal of ’Harry’ and look as if you were going to faint. Now I ask you, is that any way for a loving couple to act? Shall I leave? If that is what is embarrassing you—"
“Oh, no, don’t,” Peggy pleaded. If she were left alone Harry might come back. Then what would she
•ay?
When Henry Ward Beecher was minister at Plymouth Church, Brooklyn, his brother agreed to fill the pulpit on a certain Sunday, The Christian Science Monitor relates. The house was packed, birt when it was noticed that the regular minister would not preach, many of the audience rose to leave. “Father Tom,” as the other Beecher was known, assumed command of the situation and 'announced: “All those who came to worship Henry Ward Beecher this morning may depart at this time. The rest will stay to worship God.” The exodus ceased, it is said.
The sheep she thought she'd tackle next,
It really was a pity.
The old ram chased her round the field
And right back to the city.
Sapphires and Diamonds
$ $ $
The kitchen, of all places, the easiet place in the house to find something »to fall over, and thus wake the whole household. "Now if only I could find that switch!” But I had no idea where the switch was and if I had I didn't know where I was. So I tried feeling my way again—a little bit this way, a little bit that—but incredible as it sounds, I could not find my way out of the kitchen, nor could I find a switch. And then I began to wonder, if, when I reached the little hall would I be able to find the door that led to the diningroom and thus to my bedroom. There were five rooms opening off that hall—in one of the rooms two children were sleeping—I was terrified that I might frighten them in some way. By this time I could-n : have been hotter had I just sttpped out of a Turkish bath. And stupidly I began to think of that poem of Henley’s "Dark as the night that covers me, black as the pit from pole to pole.” It so
exactly described my predicament.
* * *
At last I decided I would have to call my sister-in-law. "Alma”, 1
by
DOROTHY TROWBRIDGE
She shook the hens to make them
lay
in spite of knowing so well how she would be affected by the ring?”
“Yes, I’m pretty sure that I’ve found the girl,” he replied thoughtfully. “I was getting a little low at the prospect of marriage, but my hopes arc getting higher. It may all come out all right after
all”
The eggs out by the dozen,
The rooster crowed: “How do you
CHAPTER XIII
“I suppose you’re right,” sighed, seating himself beside her. “Take one thing at a time. Well, let’s hurry and get it over. Now let’s sec, a ring is lost. By the way, what kind of a ring is it?”
“An engagement ring.”
“Yes, so 1 have been told, but you needn’t rub it in. What’s all this big idea anyway about so much secrecy? If it’s your engagement ring why pretend to your grandmother it’s Miss Nancy’s?”
"We can go into all that some other time,* Peggy told him coldly.
“Well, that’s a help. At least it holds a promise for another time. Don’t worry. I won’t forget,” he assured her. Of course all this was no way for a detective to find anything. and she should be angry, but Peggy realized that she was not meeting his eye because she knew she would laugh with him if she did. And she knew that would never
he
do,
Stanley threw his hands in the air. “It is too much for me,” he announced walking back in the summer house.
“You simply have no imagination,” Peggy told him. “In spite of all your theories. My — engagement to him is broken and he is coming back for his ring. Naturally he doesn’t want to ask for it before strangers, and naturally I don’t want to see him until I have the ring to give him. Now do you see?” There was enough truth in this statement to make Peggy feel almost straight forward.
“Do I see?” Stanley cried. Catching her in his arms, he whirled her madly about the small enclosure. “Oh, boy, do I? Now we can sit down and talk about ourselves, can’t we? Certainly we can.” Suddenly he released her.
“No,” she shook her head breathlessly. “That’s just what we can’t do. Don’t you see how important it is to find the ring now away?”
“Lord, that’s right. I had forgotten all about the ring. Haven’t idea where the darn’ thing
My simple city cousin.”
They set her then to thresh the grain,
She did not even wince.
That boiler burst and that is why They haven't seen her since.
—from Vistas Grave and Gay
by T. B. Cleave
A whale 60 ft. long has recently been seen off the Irish coast.
*
*
*
There was a low whistle on the other side of the hedge which neither of them heard.
“But I don’t like looking for anything so indefinite as this ring as you describe it. Perhaps it would be better to ask the young Probably he could tell me more about it.”
Peggy was conscious that Stanley was watching her closely. “Unfortunately, he is out of town,” she replied casually.
“When will he be back?”
“Next week?”
But just as she spoke she realized a man had suddenly appeared in the opening in the side of the hedge.
“Harry!” she cried aghast.
At the sight of the two figures in the summer house Harry had retreated from view. Stanley Newton started forward but she laid a restraining hand on his arm, and he turned back. •
“Who is he?” he asked, a puz-
NO MORE COMPLAINTS
People complain that money doesn’t go as far as it used to do. There is one way to make it go farther. Put it in Victory Bonds.
man.
fc
!
Ottawa Citizen
v
BO THIS FOR


OVERSEAS
Night \S
Coughing
do.
m
“Having progressed so rapidly, suppose you describe the aforementioned ring.” He took an envelope and a pencil from his pocket and sat forward evidently prepared to write.
“It’s a big diamond — a square cut one.”
“Oh, I see, a nice juicy square cut solitaire.”
“Yes. No wasn’t just a solitaire. There were some other stones with it phircs. Yes, I remember there were several sapphires.” %
He looked at her in surprise. “Are you by any chance describing your own engagement ring? Or is this something you saw one day as you passed a jeweler’s window?”
Peggy did feel foolish. “Don’t be ridiculous. I am so upset and worried I can scarcely think.”
“Oh, I’m sorry. All right, then, we have it a square cut diamond with some sapphires. How many sapphires?” ,
“I don’t know.”
right
59K

you any
could be? Where did you have it hidden?”
“I didn’t have it hidden. I had it on at the train yesterday, but I took it off there and put it in my bag. Both Maxine and Nancy remember that. Last night when I went to get it, it was gone. Really, that's all I know about it. Really,
that’s every bit of it.
(Continued Next Week)
A

WHEN rn coin stuffs up the nose, mouth breathing, throat tickle and night coughing, usa this time-tested Vicks treatment that goes to work Instantly
ty.
F
m
causes
I
<3.00 SENDS 0S0
• • •
wait a minute. It
m
mreh CONSOLS' “UGION”*
At bedtime rub good old Vicks VapoRub on throat, chest and back. Then watch Its PENETRATING-STIMULATING action bring relief
from distress.
It PENETRATES to upper breathing passages with soothing medicinal vapors. It STIMULATES chest and back surfaces like a warming, comforting poultice and it keeps on working for hours, even while you sleep —to ease coughing spasms, relieve muscular soreness and tightness - and bring grand comfort! Try It tonight .,, Vicks VapoRub.
‘‘EXPORT’1 Oprettes
sap-
V
W»

%»
1
*ja
* *
01 Conodu Active Service#
I#
tc
509
•>


»
fle/ieve#
f.'.'e.'.y.’.wl’.'iV./y .• !v!*!v!v
Jjf^gaihe Pain,

KJngdoi force»
$2.00 SENDS 300 ut 1 k DRIER FIRt TORACCO oe BRITISH CONSOLS CIGARETTE

* :
1


s
m
Greece Completely Cleared of Germans
MM

TOBACCO (will papers)
e e *
MM
A*
im


Si
4»
W C. MACDONAll INC.
The Germans have been completely cleared from Greece, Allied headquarters announced recently.
R A F. pilots on reconnaissance flights reported they were unable to find any traces of the enemy who occupied the country early in 19 1.


(hi» oi » «wtxec to on hong, w
V
O


'O'd
Aspirin Eases Headache Almost Immediately
! SEND THE BOYS THE BEST

V£>

SAV£ rAONiVe
?
*
*

r
His only reply was a slight raising of his eyebrows which Peggy saw beneath half-lowered lids.
“Were they in any kind of a design or — just there?”
“Heavens! 1 don’t know. You find any square cut diamond ring with some sapphires in it, and 1 assure you that will be the ring.” Peggy had jumped to her feet angrily, and was standing at the entrance to the summer house with her back to him.
She heard the rustling of paper as he stuffed the envelope back in ! his pocket.
; “It just doesn't make sense,” he announced, joining her. Tf 1 gave a girl a ring like that and she couldn’t describe it any more clearly than you have I’d know darn ! well she didn’t care anything about I me.”
A •
I

HÉf
Genuine Aspirin’s new prices now make it easier than ever for you to get fast, effective relief from headache misery.
r
\ v
by staying at
You Will tin joy Staying At
The ST. REGIS HOTEL
TORONTO
Î.
1

FORD
l!
ip
WHY ASPIRIN WORKS SO FAST
See with your own eyes why Aspirin I takes hold of pain a few minutes after taking. Drop an Aspirin Tablet into agis s of water. Almost instantly it begins to dissolve. And that same fact me Jon takes place in your stomach That’s why Aspirin relieves you so qvickly For years Canadians have elied on Aspirin tor fast relief, for effective reli-ff —above all —for .dependable relief. Get Aspirin at your druggist’s today I

i
% Every Room with Hath, Show-

releitheae. # Slagle, S2.50 u Double, |3-V) up.
&
HOTELS
I »
lie
•I
tlVk

3
m
Nightly
Sherbourne at Carlton Tel. RA. 4136
i
m
Montreal
Toronto

a


y
Here is a clinically-proven, twoway treatment for colds!
Take ALLEROI-TABS to “blitz” that ’’drip”—relieve congestion and dia-__mfort within an hour. AILIROI-TABS combine fast - acting medicinal ingredients with Vitamin C. One or two tablets will prove how effective they are!
Take VITAVAX to speed recovery, increase vitality and build immunity to future colds. VITA VAX combines
3#ËtVaccine
t
(n^JauiM^TicArx
i
and the
I
at law as
S|50
»• higher
per person
Regain Your VfP/
LORD
ELGIN
Lacy elegance in square's that grow as if by magic from your :rochet hook! Charming arrangement of the dainty pineapple dc-lign.
Join the «quares into luxurious spreads, cloths, scarfs, pillows. Pattern 509 contains directions for risking e squares; stitches. -
Send' TWENTY CENTS in coins (stamps cannot be accepted)
for this pattern to Wilson Needle-craft Dept., Room 421, 73 Adelaide St. West, Toronto. Print plainly Pattern number, your name
and address.
co
That tired, listless feeitng Is often caused by unbalanced diet . Try HALE, the tonic that’s rich In B vitamine and dextrose, the energy % food. Satisfaction guaranteed. For a full month's supply tend 1136 V> Gordon Drug Company, 3205 Tonga fit, Toronto.
lie
i" Ottawa
f 24.
79t
#######
7*t
O# MAP #,
<
(specially nivparod mon cold bacteria)
| “Have you . been engaged _ and married frequently, Mr. Newton?” “I? Oh, no. I know I’m funny
that way. I’ve always felt that 1 only wanted to propose to one girl, and that would be the girl 1 was darn’ sure 1 wanted to marry.” “And you haven’t found the girl,
® Aspirin
mi Jr
CO
dïCCA
K OINTMENT \
with richly ________
A, B,, C and D.
Remember : ALUROl-TABS for ep* t‘dy relief from colds; VfTAVAX to build immunity to colds. Ask your druggist. Roberts Biological Laboratory, Toronto.	sag '
,1*1 à
I
s2*fo*35-0
per person,
No higher
400 lovely ro<	rcd• o


i
< C, u f 5 l tr
ISSUE 4S—W*

###PAGE###8###

Starks Corners Women’s Institute
The Starks Comers Women's Institute met at the home of Mrs. Ken. Smiley on Wednesday evening, Nov. 15th, with six members and a num-btr of visitors present.
Reports showed that 14 boxes had been mailed to boys overseas.
Mrs. V. Smiley gave a fine report of the Institute convention at Fort C ou longe and Mrs. K. Smiley read an interesting article from the Wartime Prices and Trade Board.
A gift was sent to a member who is ill. Two contests were conducted by the president.
It was moved that each member bring a small gift to the next meeting to be sold.
Dr E. J. O’Leary
DENTIST
Campbell's Bay, Que
Phone No. 62
Evening* by appointment
Local Fire Insurance Co. Ready for Business
BANK OF MONTREAL
The Mutual Fire Insurance Company, organized recently by the farmers of the district, is now ready to take on risks against fire and lightening. The following features of the Company might be of general interest:
1.	Risks can be assumed anywhere within the limits of the County of Pontiac.
2.	Isolated buildings, only, can be insured, such as farm buildings, houses, and other buildings situated other than in towns and villages.
3.	Public buildings, such as stores, IF0R SALE— One Yorkshire hog.
schools, churches, even though isolat- Apply to Roley Wickens, R.l Shaw-ed, will not be insured.	ville. Phone 6-3.
4.	The head office will be situated at Shawville.
5.	Only owners of buildings that I Tractor, in good condition, are approved as satisfactory risks, to prank Rouleau, Calumet Island can have this insurance protection. | Phone 32-11, Campbell’s Bay.
6.	The Board of Directors plan to carry only 5-year policies.
7.	The total of any risk in no case. I with small brown spots on jaws and will exceed $5000 and in most cases | ears. Answers to the name of “Skip" the limit is $4000
8.	There is a small cash payment I will be thankfully received by owner monicas that added an old-time I required at the time the policy is | Harold Steele, Quyon, Que.
touch to the music. Mr. Geo. Old ring taken out, but the greaer part of the |--------------------------------------
t f Ottawa, delighted all with his cost is taken care of in the form of a ! STRAYED—From the premises of unique recitations and personations. | Deposit Note The chairman of the evening was
Founded in 1817
LA presentation, in easily understandable form,
of the n&atik’s
Look Here
FOR SALE. WANTS, FOUND,
LOST, etc.
ANNUAL STATEMENT
X
FOR SALE—Pure bred Shropshire ram; team of Percheron colts coming 2 and 3 years old. Apply to Herb. C. Hodgins, Shawville. Phone 2-12.
31st October, 1944
x
C.G.l.T. Concert Well Attended
RESOURCES
Cash in its Vaults and Money on Deposit with Bank of Canada.................................
Notes of and Cheques on Other Banks .	•
Payable in cash on presentation.
Money on Deposit with Other Banks .
Available on demand or at short notice.
Government and Other Bonds and Debentures
Sot exceeding market value. The greater portion consists oj Dominion Government and high-grade Provincial and Municipal securities which mature at early dates. '
Stocks........................................
Industrial and other stocks. Sot exceeding market valut
Call Loans .	, -........................
The Sunday School hall of the United Church was crowded on Wednesday night for a concert sponsored by the C.G.l.T. girls of the Church, with a program of artists from Aylmer delighted all with his music on the piano and accordian
FOR SALE— International 10-20
Apply
$184,473,969.24
56,397,561.85
31,264,469.84
i
»
»

Rev. Chas. Dawes
ASTRAY—Small white fox hound.
»
#
#
The Reside family formed a six piece orchestra l i stringed instruments and har-
955,538,246.28
Information regarding whereabouts
382,539.67

the undersigned about November 5th, ,9. Policy holders are required to a black and white heifer. Anyone Rev. A. F. Fokes and the young girls pay only when one of the group ; knowing whereabouts kindly inform leadership of Mrs. J. Stavenow and suffers loss. Those interested in re- Dawson Armstrong, R. 1, Shawville Miss Audrey Fulford.	I ferenceto this, might secure informa- | Phone 20-22.
tion at office of the Company.
10. The Directors are anxious to begin with at least $200,000 of insurance. A considerable part of this has already been signed up, and anyone Producers of beef in Canada are I ^ho might wish to come in, should
M-S'sSS GSSsïïSF -¦ “psrÆN ans;
mmmm wmpm
ister of Food, to the effect that representative George Palmer sec- Equity Office.
Canada will supply a minimum of retary, N. A. Drummond.	*
Information in reference to details FOR SALE—One stock pump and
of the cost of insurance and other pump jack; two horse power gasoline
engine. Apply to M. R. McGuire,
R. 2, Shawville. Phone 20-31.
51,165,850.69
In Canada .
Elsewhere
Payable on demand and secured by bonds, stock f and other negotiable collateral oj greater value than the loans.
.	$ 6,632,049.80
.	44,533,800.89
X
FOR SALE—17 Grade Oxford Ewes, mostly young, and purebred Oxford ram. Apply to Chas. Mayhew, R. 3, Quyon, Que.
y
Market for Surplus Beef in 1945
TOTAL OF QUICKLY AVAILABLE RESOURCES . $1,279,222,637.57 (equal to 88.30% °f dW Liabilities to the Public)
Loans to Provincial and Municipal Governments including School Districts •	.	.
Commercial and Other Loans.	.
In Canada .
Elsewhere .
To manufacturers, farmers, merchants and others, on conditions consistent with sound banking.
Bank Premises...........................................
Two properties only are carried in the names of holding companies; the stock and bonds of these companies are entirely owned by the Bank and appear on its books at $1.00 in each case.
All other of the Bank’s premises, the value of which largely exceeds $12,900,000.00 are included under this beading.
Real Estate and Mortgages on Real Estate Sold by the Bank ................................................
Acquired in the course ot the Bank’s business and in process of being realized upon.
Customers' Liability under Acceptances and Letters of Credit........................................
Represents liabilities of customers on account of Letters of Credit issued and Drafts accepted by the Bank for their account.
Other Assets not included in the Foregoing (but including refundable portion of Dominion Government
taxes $975,703.73)	.
Making Total Resources of .
11,576,134.02
203,104,015.12
»
. $194,487,531.12 8,616,484.00
50.000.000 lbs. of beef in 1944 and
1945, but that the United Kingdom	..	. .
will purchase a minimum of 112.000.- particulars, concerning the workings
OOU lbs. in 1944, 134,400,000 lbs. in of the Company, might be obtained
form any of the above named directors or officers.
12,900,000.00
1945, and will be glad to take additional amounts of available.
Mr. Gardiner explained “It has been the policy of the Dominion Government since early in the war to have a clause in the agreements with Britain read ‘not less than a given number of pounds. The beef agreement was the first departure from this in that a maximum as well as a minimum was set. The statement made by Colonel Llewellin removes the maximum limitation and in effect says to Canadian producers there is a market in Britain for all surplus beef for the year 1945.“
FURNACES—Place your order for a furnace now as I cannot obtain furnaces during 1945 unless orders are placed before the end of 1944. Clifford Cone, Shawville, Box 45, Phone 36.
PRIVATE SALE •
327,291.46
American No. 6 cream separator; waggon; buggy; set sloops; fanning mill; Moody mower; hortse rake; set smoothing harrows; cuter; disc harrow; Deering binder (for wrecking, canvas very good); 3 forks; 2 hoes; 3 plows; wrapping chains; set scales, 2,000 lbs. cap.; halters, bridles; set driving harness; 2 sets single driving harness; grain cradle; spades and shovels; scythe; 2 stacks last year’s hay; 3 spring calves; 5-year-old-horse, weighs 1500; odd pieces of furniture, including an organ and a few tools and odd articles.
Can be seen on the premises Friday. Saturday and Monday of each week until disposed of. Apply to
HIRAM LATHEM, Caldwell, P. O., Que.
FOR RENT—Large sized garage at rear of Bank of Nova Scotia building. Apply to G. A. McDougall, at Bank of Montreal, Shawville.
16,604,876.48
WANTED— Caretaker for Curling Rink, duties to commence soon as ground freezes. Apply to C. H. MacLean, Secretary, Shawville.
2,999,296.88
Mating the Breeding Flock
.	$1,526,734,251.53
i

L
FOR SALE—Bell Organ, five octave, in good condition. Apply to Mrs. Orvil Woollsey, Yarm, Que. •
I (Experimental Farms News)
To meet the competition that may be expected in the postwar era, greater efficiency, improved quality, and livability in the poultry flock will be necessary.
Methodical and exacting selection when mating the breeding pens is the best and surest procedure by which these sound economical features can be reached, says W. T. Scott, Dominion Experimental Station, Harrow, Ont.
Before coming to any decision as to whether or not it is necessary to introduce fresh blood to bring about these improvements, it should be pointed out that the danger from inbreeding in flocks of any considerable size is often over-emphasized while there is always some danger (f introducing with fresh blood some latent abnormality that may prove troublesome standing vigour it may be far safer to mate birds of fairly close relationship.
Mating for improvement in egg yield is always an uncertain process embracing perplexities that are not very generally recognized and the value of the pedigree may be overestimated unless it embraces a fairly complete family history of livability. To some extent constituional vigour can be recognized and presents little difficulty in selection of the fittest. Look at the bird first and the pedigree later has always been a good rule to follow when mating the pens.
Because of their shorter life history, pullet and cocker a 1 matings are more precarious thfcn the mating of older birds ability to live and to some extent their tested immunity to disease, the older matings should be favoured as far as possible
basis of all improvement and selection for health and vigour is of more importance than spectacular egg yields, but it is better still if there is a combination of both.
To allow birds to get well acquainted in their pens and to provide for any necessary change, mate early, feed a reliable breeder mash and if new blood is positively needed, get the best.
LIABILITIES
•s
Due to the Public
HOUSE TO RENT—Elderly couple preferred
Marble and Granite Works. Ph. 121
$1,420,811,136.87
Deposits
Apply to Shawville
I
*

I
In Canada .
$1,244,528,982.86
176,282,154.01
*
Elsewhere .
Payable on demand or after notice.
Notes of the Bank in Circulation
Payable on demand.
Acceptances and Letters of Credit Outstanding
financial responsibilities undertaken on behalf of customers (see off setting amount in “Resources").
Other Liabilities...........................
Items not included under the foregoing headings.
Total Liabilities to the Public
To meet which the Bank has resources as indicated above amounting to
Leaving an excess of Resources over Liabilities, which represents the Shareholder's interest over which Labilities to the Public take precedence.
Capital ............................
Reserve Fund, Profit & Loss Account and Reserves for Dividends .
STRAYED— From the premises of the undesigned, Nov. 10, a 2 year old David McDowell, Shawville
8,568,045.00
*
Pig
FOR SALE
Phone, 6-14
16,604,876.48
Heni Sire, “Sprucehaven Farm Penner X X'\ born November 25th, 1937. His five nearest dams averaged 14416.83 lbs. milk. 616.20 lbs. fat, 4.30 lbs. butter fat. Sired by Ray-mondale Lawrence, and a Rag Apple dam; also some of his bull calves, up to eight months old, R.O.P, dams, including the Junior Champion at Shawville Fair. Herd accredited and listed. For further particulars write or call
CLARENCE T. BROWNLEE & SON, Phone 20-13, R. 1, Shawville, Que.
FOR SALE—Massey-Harris Cream Separator, almost new; steel three-piece land roller; Percival walking plow and a cutter. Apply to Fred J. Tippins, Shawville.
2,784,728.47
. $1,448,768,786.82 . $1,526,734,2* 1.59
»
FOR SALE—A heavy horse weight about 1500, or will exchange for a cow due to freshen. Apply to Shawville Marble and Granite Works, Phone 121.
If they show out-
FOR SALE sable trimmed, size 36. Chamois interlining; lady's navy blue cloth coat, size 36. Apply to Mrs. Edna Young, Shawville. Phone 34-40.
Lady’s black coat,
$36,000,000.00
41,965,464.71 $	77,965,464.71
FARM FOR SALE
PROFIT and LOSS ACCOUNT
One hundred and twenty acres, FOR SALE—One large box stove, in Township of Bristol, being Lot 1, in good condition. Apply to Jason Range 4, about 65 acres under culti- Howard. R 2, Campbells Bay, Que. vation, balance in bush and pasture. Phone 39-23.
All necessary buildings; three miles from Shawville one mile from McKe Station. Will sell with or without stock and farm machinery. Apply stock and farm machinery. Apply to
J. R. CORRIGAN,
McKee, P.O., Que.
Profits for the year ended 31st October, 1944, after making appropriations to Contingent Reserve Fund, out of which Fund full provision for Bad and Doubtful Debts has been made, and after making provision for estimated Income and Excess Profits Taxes amounting to $3,725,000 (of which $340,000 will he refundable under the provisions of the Excess Profits Tax Act)
Dividends paid or payable to Shareholders
Written off Bank Premises...................
FOR SALE—One Morris piano and one Thomas organ condition. Apply to Mrs. M. R. McGuire, R. 2, Shawville. F’hone 20-31.
$3,194,300.19
Both in good
$2,160,000.00
500,000.00	2,660,000.00
Phone 26-14
$ 534,300.19
Balance of Profit and Loss Account, 30th October, 1943 .	•	$1,879,521.13
Balance of Profit and Loss carried forward
FOR SALE—One Belgian horse, 5 years old, weight 1900, sound and right. Apply to W.J. Murray, Mary-Phofie 4-22
With their proved
$2,413,821.32
Store Business for Sale
land
NOTE REGARDING SPECIAL ADJUSTMENT OF TAXES IN RESPECT OF THE YEAR ENDED 30th OCTOBER, 1943
Selection is the
Residential store and business in good farming district in the Township of Bristol, about two miles from Norway Bay, and one quarter-mile from Intermediate School buildings attached to new modern dwelling house all fully equipped with electrical conveniences. Thriving business established over sixty years. Daily transfer service. Apply
to H. I. SMITH Maryland, Que.
County L. 0. L. Meeting
The Minister of Finance has expressed the opinion that the transfers made in 1943 to Contingent Reserve Fund from the earnings of this Bank were in excess of the reasonable requirements of the Bank.
The management and the auditors of the Bank do not agree with the Minister in this matter but having been advised of the Minister’s views and of his purpose to act in accordance therewith, we have estimated that approximately $2,200,000 of such transfers must be added to income of that year for tax purposes. As a result the Bank will be called upon to pay additional taxes for the year 1943 of a like amount under the Income & Excess Profits Tax Acts. Provision has been made from Contingent Reserve Fund for this tax liability, of which twenty per cent, or $440,000, will be refundable under the provisions of the Excess Profits Tax Act
Store
The annual meeting of the County Orange Lodge will be held at ShaW-ville Lodge room on Tuesday, Dec. 5th, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon.
A large delegation from the district Lodges is requested.
Rex ford* Wilson,
Co. Master.
Reg. Hodgins, Co. Sec’ty
Watch Underarm Cleanliness
1 Modem ideals of daintiness call for the use of antl-perspirants and underarm deodorants. But neither type of preparation, the manufacturers point out, is a substitute for
washed thoroughly with soap an water before applying the underarm preparations.
Since hair surfaces of the body retain odors more readily than smooth skin, men need to pay particular attention to the under arms _	,	.	,	„ .
jgjgg'jag gasseB
careful in this regard.
B. C GARDNER,
GEORGE W. SPINNEY,
President
Farm for Rent
25 Free Chicks
General Manager
* * *
Two hundred acre farm to rent in the Township of South Onslow. May take possession May 1st, 1945. References required particulars apply to
Our foundation stock is registered and pedigreed birds. Nothing better in Canada. Order now. Prices for mixed baby chicks, males and females:	Barred Rocks, $12.00 per
hundred; White Leghorns, $11.00; White Rocks, $15.00; Brown Leghorns, $13.00. Pullet prices: Barred Rocks, $19.00; White Leghorns $22^ White Rocks, $24.; Brown Leghorns,
25 free chicks, our choice, will be given for «each 200 mixed chicks J ordered and 25 free chicks for each ItoMM pullets ordered. , . (
GODDARD CHICK HATCHERY
I Brittania Heights, Ontario
The strength of 'a bank is determined by its history, its policy, T1 management and the extent of its resources. For 127 years the It Bank of Montreal has been in the forefront of Canadian finance. JU
t
Armpits should
5
For further
its
CLIFFORD HOBBS
Quyon, Qye. .
FOR SALE
$24
FARMS FOB SALE
FOR SALE
Postwar Problem— How are you
going to get them back into the
eUS*ey
out marrying the
Record.
Seven farms for sale in the dis-
For
¦tey have found man's wages with-fel low ?—Kitchener
now that can get a
Wicts surrounding Renfrew.
Eight young pigs six weeks old
Far
particulars apply to DONAHUE’S
ALVIN BROWN,
R. 2, Shawville
FRANK BOURGEAU,
Wyman, Que
OARAGE,
Renfrew, Ont.
Phone 9-12


