###PAGE###1###



< . - '
<


Z









w,
I

C


THURSDAY, DECEMBER 00th 1043
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
No. 20. 61st Yeah

On account of tlckueM tb<* annual meeting of Clarendon Dairy Company, announced for Dec, 20th, ham been postponed to January 12, at 8 o'clock.
The Standard. Wesleyan Metho dist and the Holiness Movement Churches are holding a United Watch night Service in the Holiness Movement Church. Dec. 31st, beginning at 1030 p nr Special music and gospel message. All welcome.
( Cowling
»

Happy New Year
Business
College
à
283 Bank [Street OTTAWA, CANADA
Never were Stenographers in such demand as now. We are conducting a short intensive course. R?gin at once and help your country.
Open all Summer
With a clear understanding and full appreciation of what your co-operation and goodwill has meant to us during the past year, THE EQUITY wishes all its friends and readers health and happiness during 1944.

i
i

Sbiwville Curlers Defeated at Ottawa
Oa Thursday afternoon of last week four rinks of the Sbawville Curling Club went to Ottawa for friendly games at the Ottawa Club
It was the first play son for the local club.
<
w. C. COWIIEC
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Prinietptt
to
Hefore we ring in the New Year we wish to express yon, our friends and customers, our cordial thanks tor contribution to the success of our busmens in 1943.
As another year dawns with' new hopes, new faith, we extend to all the wish that they be favoured with health and happiness in 1944, and a
JAMES A. MILLAR
of the M?a.
HiHHHHpHH-ftnd
went down to defeat, the Ottawa curlers winning three of the four games, the total margin* being 15 shots. 1
H. M. Turner’s rink was defeated by J. Bradley’s Ottawa rink 13 to 4; F. W. Howe. Ottawa, defeated A. G. Brough’s rink 10 to 6; G. G. McDowell lost to D. McCann’s link by 7 to 12 and 0. A. McDougall was the only Shawville winner defeating F. I). Burkholder by 0 to 6.
Week of Prayer* Services to be Held in Wilson’s Hall, Jan. 3 - 7
PERSONAL MENTION Dece-kr Meet™, oi Ciarendoa
• , L*
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER,
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’. Hotel, Campbell'. Bay e,e,y Wednesday morning
At Pentia«House,Shnwwill«,rery
Wednesday at Neon
i » Institute
W
etc.
Mr. ami Mrs. Asa Smart and family spent Christinas with relatives at Cardinal, Ont.
Mr. VV. A Hodgius is spending the holiday season with bis daughter, Mrs. C. W. Dagg, Ottawa.
i su Isobel Campbell, of the Bank of Montreal staff, spent the Christmas holiday at her home in Vankleek Hill, Ont.
Lac H. R. Glenn, R.C.A.K., has returned to Toronto after spending a furlough at the home of his parents, Mr and Mrs J. C. Glenn. Bristol.
The December meeting of Clar. endon Women’s Institute was held at the home of Mrs. Vincent Hod-gins with ten members and several
visitors present. B-J-1 ^iiJr The president, Mrs, Harry Hod-gins, was in the chair, assisted by
the secretary. Miss M Corrigan, it7Anr . ___	^	_
Meeting openedhn regular form | UARliAND C, ROWiAT and business discussions followed.
The secretary reported that Christmas parcels had been sent to twenty-three boys who are serving in overseas units.
• A report of the semi animal convention was read.
Mr. Harold Beckett, who re- A Christinas story was read by turned.from Sarnia n few* Weeks Mrs. Hazelwood Elliott and Mrs ago, left Tuesday to visit his i Vinéent Hod gins gave a recitation, daughter. Mrs. 1) Bcnccimarra, ; The roll call was answered with a
l ist mas
A pleasing feature of the meeting was an exchange of hand-made Christmas gifts Singing of carols brought the meeting to a close.
Refreshments were served by the hostess, assisted by Mrs. Ken 1 Hudgins and Miss Doreen Hod gins.

Victorious New Year
v
<*
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLEQUE.
SHAWVILLE| HARDWARE STORE
Estate C. <1. Caldwell f-
4

Wilson’s Hall li. Slrawville has been selected ms the centre for the activities of the Week of Prayer, sponsored by the Clarendon Ministerial Association in cooperation with the World Council of
Churches. JBBBWMB Services will be held on January 3rd, 4th. 6th, 6th and 7th,, beginning each evening promptly at H. * All the local clergy are sharing in the planning and conduct of these Ices and it is confidently ex-pec ted that the whole community will support this adventure of faith and united witness The meetings will open with a song service and one address will be given eAch evening. The subjects are. in order .—"The use of the Bible”; The Practice of Grayer” "Common Worship ; “The Sacra
men ta ”	\	, -	, -
On the first four evenings similar services will be held out of town, and on the last evening, Friday, Jan. 7th, all the Clarendon congre gâtions and ministers and others interested will come together for a
• Service of Witness ” A guest speaker is expected from Ottawa
for this occasion.
These out of town services will be held as follows Tuesday, Jan. 4th, Standard Church ; Wednesday. Jan. 5, St. Matthew*. Charte: is r Thursday, Jan fi. United Church, Yarm. On the last evening these congregations will again unite at the Sliawville service.
All other Church events for the
evenings of the week of Jan. 3-7 are being given up to make way for this Week of Prayer. T‘ whole community is invited to join in.
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Solicitor, etc.
Office . Campbell’s Bay, Quebec
(In Lawn Blook )
nt West Point, N. Y.
Lac Edmund Met ry, of (Jinnpare South - Wale*, now stationed at Moncton, N. B . spent hi**Chrf;t-tnas leave with his aunt, Rfat, DAfe Davies, at Starks Corners.-
t 1
I
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAW VILLE
4 CHRISTMAS VISITORS

aei v
DONAT Le GUERRIER
Notary Public
CAMPBELLS B AY QUEBEC
Montreal
Fro
Mr* -ind Mrs. W. J McKinley Dr. R. E and Mrs. Dagg Mr* Raymond Lynch Misses Marion Dale,
Marie Findlay Maude Dali ms Amy Dahms Nureen Shore May Murray Pte John Brough Pte Ben Judd Chester Prendergast Bruce Horner C H. Pete man
In failing health for several years, Mrs. Alex Hazard, died at her home, Main Street. Shawvi!!e,
Wednesday, Dec. 22nd, in her I Tilth year.
Mrs. Hazard was the former Elizabeth Mitchem. of Thorne township. She and her husband had been residing in thé village foi the past twenty five years.
I Surviving, Desides her husband, are five daughters. Mrs Walter Ebert, Campbell’s Bay ; Mis. Fer-I guson Workman. Caldwell ; Mrs R \V. Wilson. . South Porcupine, and Mrs. Earl Amm. Qnyon, and an an adopted son, Leslie Hazard, of Creeroore, Ont.; one sister, Mrs Stewart Hodgins, .Sudbury, and one brother, Hei bert Mitchem, of Hodgius. P, O. There are 22 grandchildren and 4 great grandchildren.
The funeral was held Friday afternoon from the funeral parlour -of W. J. Hayes to St. Paul's Church, where service was con-• I ducted by the lector, Rev. K. C.
Belton, assisted by Rev A F Fokes, pastor of Shaw ville United Church.	e	î
I Interment was made in Maple Grove cemetery, the being. Walter Ebert, Ferguson Workman. Earl Aram. Lawrence . 46 Bronson A Hodgin*, Jack Caldwell and Har per Ren nick.	J	v '
Many beautiful floral tributes were received •
I Among tho*e attending the fun-ami from a distance were :
I Mrs R. J. Wilson and family, South I Porcupine ; Mrs. R. W. Sharpe, Sussex.
|N. J.; Leslie Buzzard, Creemore, Cut.;
I Misses Margaret Ebert. Hilda‘Workman,
Kay Connelly and Justice Hodgius, all of Ottawa. I
on

Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with by correspondence

OR. H. K. NEILSON
a
r - r
' r
Eye, Ear, Note amd Throat
SPECIALIST

From Ottawa

Mi.«» Lillian Hudgins
Euelln and Alva Turner . Idena Brownlee I va Hodgins Hilda Harris Florian Brough, R N.
Norah Hodgius Marian Smyth Ruth Horner Muriel Zimmerling Bertha Telford Pearl Kllgour N Mabel Chisnell Rae Smart Winnifred Hamilton Marion Belabor
life"
plate oï M|e and Mps Lefty Dale
Mrs. Hob Glasper and son Gary
Mrs. H. Millar
Col, Norman Halkett Pte Cecil and Mrs SiiWlair
BUILDING

Greetings
OTTAWA, - ONT.
PHONE, 2-7961
N
s
>

R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT « BARRISTER HULL, QUEBEC Consultations by Appointment
>

The year has passed so quickly that it is hard to realize that New Year time is here and we are sending our greeting again, to thank you for your patience during tIHpast
You hfv'e been most kind.
? I
The
ii
Christmas Pageant Attract** Large Aedience
year
We thank you for the confidence you have placed in us in the past, and extend to you and yours our 3est Wishes for a
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
Ccr. Gladstone
ONTARIO
¦ ?

•f
OTTAWA,
< 5
night. It wa* entitled i
"Bethlehem, the birth --
King».” and told in a beautiful way the *8wed Ptory of the events around the birth of Joans*
isnSEKFiBl OKSTrara*
beauty of the presentation.
The two leading roles were ably presented by Robin Hodgius as
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists o*i all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg Optometrist

ïjjappy and Proapmma
Nm l?ar


Reg Optometrist
Mr». Win Kirkpatrick. Ac Clarence Dean
fr
Gordon T. Paul I NSU RANCE
presented uy nouiii uuunM i	From other Places
David, a former resident of Beth-1	T Bradley, Bal’d ley	I
lehern returned to hi» home for the Lari Horner and Mr#. Horner,
w„^,KLïi,b&2”: uU |hw«» Pro»«c.iu™w
part of David*» father, Joel, was peter Lunam, Mont. Laurier	I ,	. Of the Russian Soldier
' iBagSRMi
pâ„i	* Camn Borden	view of his past record.
A beautiful scene warn that of the Mr». Harlow Howker, Granby - One of the greatest achievements Bethlehem shepherd# watching Kingsley 8n>yth, Granby	of the Rursian sold» occurred *
their flocks, the parts of the^hep- Mjb. vV. Findlay. Fltiuoy Harbour 1242 when a Russian army unde: herein being taken by Glenn Hod- M d M,.s E Moore, Uupei-fc King Alexander Kcvsky decisively gins Walter Kllgour, Urqnhart * ^ QiIlll0ar Hodgius and Mrs defeated a German oflenaive against Campbell, Gougall Sharp and John • Hodains Trenton	Russia, The Soviet government, on
Kingdon, with Clarence Kllgour I pt(? M " Cnldwell. Carry Sound July 29,1942, recognized this achieve «» Joseph : Hiith Hmjgiiis a» th» V|r H11,J Uoss Swnrtz, NitrO mpnt by creating the Alexander Virgin vlury, and Ruby Sparling MjgH [va Horner. R. N„ Sehenec I Nevsky decoration made ct silver
as the angel.	... tadv, N. Y.	tot thie highest display of bravery
In a Bethlehem street scene, vill- ^ Hnj M|S j> McPJi til, Renfrew Berlin had been stormed by the i,M. -'« un « wore portrnyeil iv t ieU-0i,v|ll Xilgour, St. CntketU»oi> Russians m the 18th century. O il Misées Lois Garretty, Jean MeK*y, wilmer rtodgln*. Oar letun Klaee October 9, 1700, a Russian army en Shirley Sly, Shirley Got rte an, Mr*. pte Howard Storey. Petawawa	trretl Berlin after King Frederick the
Walter Kllgour, and little	pt, y„yti Dagg. Petawawa	Great was defeated at Kunvrsdorf
ippii ilii? Ipsss
Woodley. Gordon Paul and Glenn	A niella thus rv.	“	j Treble and Novi m Italy Suvorov
liodgine did their parts well, wt b	Hamilton, "	led more bate i than probably any
w,‘. K-le*r Hodgius organ a is	Hunili, V? .. k, ver I eth- ¦ i nan u hi.t< ,y apti repeal) ]
mwoff W

REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
¦




*







QUE
SHAWVILLE




IWÈmœSmmÈM
be oEm Friday night
! r




to 10.30
Ptore will
Talking- Pictures

Ride ’em Cowboy
Lee Ce*leHe
Bud Akkott
at
Shawville Theatre
Thurs. Jan. 6th
At #.30 p. m.

THE W.

I











«

t


###PAGE###2###


together, and by the prisoner’s admission him and Hooker spent the night together In the cabin."
"And Miss Hooker?” asked Lon-ergan.
"She spent the night out on the
_____with her hawses. Didn't like
the looks of the kombre’s (ace, and reckernlsed him for the feller who beat up Curran at the Cross-Bar yestldday. Well, yore honor, we brung Hooker’s body Into town. He T::i killed instantly with a forty-fire slug through the brain, which the doc extracted. Likewise there’s shell fired from the prisoner’s
forty-five."
"Looks like you killed that poor, harmless old man," rasped Loner-gan, "hoping to find some money something. What have you got to say?"
own
TABLE TALKS
BLACK

1
Let Par adoL
m

i
-

SADIE B. CHAMBERS
r
By
i*;,
DAWN



VICTOR
ROSSEAU
relieve your Headaches Backaches

mesa
S>
A Happy Christmas
To All

//

m

m

Col
empty the afternoon before, was now very much alive. Storekeepers were standing In their doorways, looking on. Little groups of Inhabitants, gathered at street corners and watched the two men ride by. A bobtail of Mexican urchins formed in procession, running behind the horses and hooting loudly. It was evident that Lois’ story of Hooker’s murder had Immediately become public property.
g CHAPTER IX . SYNOPSIS Dave Bruce, out of a Job, arrives at Wilbur Ferris’ Cross-Bar ranch. Curran, the foreman, promises him a Job If he can break a horse called Black Dawn. When he succeeds, he discovers Curran expected the horse to kill him. A girl named Lois rides up. She la angry with Dave for breaking “her” horse and refuses to speak to him even after he has used hie savings to help her foster father, Hooker, pay off the mortgage on their ranch. She leaves, and that night, while Hooker la trying to tell Dave a secret ht has learned, Hooker Is killed by a shot fired through an open window. Ae Dave starts to town to get the sheriff he meets Lois, who Immediate! guilty. Now Sheriff Coggswell has Just arrested Dave for murder.

%»:

#
>

Rheumatic ». :• Pains


was

e, *

w
&
k v %


X
\lk

one

r

My Growing
can't wait for Peace!

..
or
Dr. Chase’s



ParadoL
"All I got to say Is," answered Dave, "Mr. Hooker woke up before daylight and started talkin' to me, and all of a sudden a masked man stuck a gun through the window and shot him dead. Did my best to ketch him, but he was too slick for me. He was away In the dark before I could get near enough to shoot."
"Anything to corroborate that story, sheriff?" asked Lonergan.
"Nary thing," responded Coggs-well. "No trail nor nothing. Look» to me this is an open and shut
Christmas Dinner
tf was with a feeling of relief that Dave walked up the stone steps of the jail. Passing through the anteroom, he was ushered Into one of the two steel cages that comprised the cells. In one corner was a cot bed, and that was all. The deputy clanged the door.
"Ain't you goln1 to take these wrist-bands off?” demanded Dave.
"Nope, not till the sheriff gits back," answered the depaty. "Yo re a desp rate killer, Bruce, and I ain't takln' no chances with yuh."
It must have been midday before Sheriff Coggswell appeared, with Sims beside him. Each man had a gun In his hand, and the look on the sheriffs face destroyed all Dave’s hopes of immediate liberation.
. "I’m takln* you before Judge Lon-ergan,” said the sheriff. "Unlock that cage, Sims."
"So you think I killed old Hooker?” Dave demanded.
"You kin argue that with the judge. He’s waitin'," was all that Coggswell vouchsafed.
Coggswell led the way, and Dave followed, with the deputy's revolver pressing Into the small of his back. They went up a flight of stairs to a small courtroom over-, head. The two dozen or so of seats were all filled, and other spectators lined the walls. Lenergan, seated on the bench, grinned viciously as Dave was brought in front of him.
Jellied Tomato Bouillon Roast Turkey Apple and gage Dressing Creamed Riced Potato Parsnips with Tomato Sauce
Beet Salad
For Quick Relief of Pain
Tlwt's Wfcy I Need Wfceb Crab Decker Oets... Rldiesl ef AM Netvrel (•rads le Grawbg Feeler Prattle |
Yes, r**/ofttmeal leads mil natural cereals in protein, the very thing that is meat’s main element. Children mult have pit» sein for normal growth. Adults must have it for stamina and to help fight fatigue.
Nature richly stored so many important food elements in Whole-Gram Oatmeal It stands alone among cereals. Give your family Its wonderful protection daily, mow that so many foods are scarce and rationed.	j
Get a package at your	I
grocers today—atari each day with this wholesome, delicious, Whole-Grain breakfast.
Blind Newt Holds Record For Fasting
Carrot Sauce
Plum Pudding
Beverage of Choice Jellied Tomato Bouillon 2 cups tomato juice 1 cup consomme 1 slice onion 1 cup water
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1	tablespoon gelatine
2	tablespoons cold water Seasoning to taste
Simmer tomato juice, consomme, onion and water in covered pan for ten minutes. Remove the onion. Reheat to boiling. Season, add lemon juice then gelatine which has been soaked in cold water. Chill. Serve in bouillon cups. Serves 6.
Apple aad Sage Dressing
6 cups soft stale bread crumbs 1% cups diced apple % cup diced onion
3	tablespoons soft butter 1% teaspoons salt
Dash pepper 1 teaspoon sage
Combine all ingredients and stuff the turkey.
Parsnips with Temate Sauce
4	large parsnips
1% cups tomato juice % cup diced celery
1	bay leaf
% sliced onion
2	whole cloves 1 teaspoon salt Dash pepper
Wash, peel and dice the parsnips and par-cook in salted, boiling water for 16 minutes. Bolt together all other ingredients amr strain when cooked. Add parsnip! and simmer for 10 minutes. Serves 6.
believes hlm *

The cat which survived a 41-4ay voyage as a stowaway with-eot food, producing four kittens Sato the bargain, must certainly &e a rare specimen of endurance, Seogh the licking of cosmogene from a crated engine no doubt helped to keep the wolf from the deer. Bat the annals of the animal world contain fasting feats
For an instant Dave sized up the situation. It hadn't occurred to him before that he could possibly be under suspicion of having killed the harmless old man whom he had befriended. For a moment the Ignominy ot his position maddened him with anger. But he hadn't a chance, with Sheriff Coggswell’s gun covering his heart.	Wr,
So, with a shrug o* his shoulders, he held out his hands. While Sims covered him in turn, Coggswell extracted a pair of handcuffs from his saddle bag and snapped them over Dave's wrists.
"I guess you kin handle this bad hombre, Sims," said Coggswell to his deputy. Me and Miss Lois will ride up to the mesa and Investigate. Turn yore hawss, Bruce.”
In another moment Dave was riding back toward Mescal. Sims was at his side with a gun In his hand, while the sheriff and Lois were galloping back across the valley.
Mescal, which had appeared
case.”
"Well, what did this masked man look like?” Lonergin demanded. "You say you saw him. How tall was he? lyhat sort of build did he have? Could you identify him if you were to see him again?”
"Nacherally not, him being masked and It being dark as pitch,” Dave returned. "But he was about yore build, Judge, and he stood about as high as you do, and he had a look like a mangy yêller coyote, and—"
"Silence!”
,1
. H
.0 '
even more remarkable.
K
Liverpool dog buried during a Mix which survived after 20 days without food or water, the first ef the really notable records is that of the marine iguanas from the Galapagos Islands, which obstinately refused food for three the before giving up their hanger strike. This, however, has keen beaten easily by a 26-foot python in the London Zoo, which declined all fotd whatsoever for
QUAKER
OATS
Lonergan, banging his gavel down on the desk. "You’ll get nothing by those tactics, Bruce. I'm holding you without ball for the coroner’s Jury. Keep him In close confinement, sheriff, and see that no one is allowed to visit him.”
roared
The Book Shelf
IB months and was none the
(Continued Next Week)
A Madagascar boa-constrictor,
however, tamed even this record
Barrie A Daughter
Milan Church Bells Taken By Fascists
into email beer ‘ by existing, in
Éy Rebecca Caudill
Princess Alice as she steamed Into Vancouver Harbour. Noel, who had Just received his commission was wearing his officer's uniform for the first time. "1 guess it’s christened now” he remarked.
tèmüAT conditions, in - the Paris
"You haven’t lost any time since you hit Mescal," he observed. "Have you been through your list of r wanted men yet, sheriff!"	I
"No, I ain’t had the chance," I Coggswell responded, "but the I facts Is as clear as daylight Yore I honor heard him cheat old Hooker I out of a half-share to that valuable I property when the said. Hooker I was in a state of Intoxication. Like- I
“A girl’s got one calling,” Blanche Barrie told her daughter, "To get married and housekeep. Against her wedding day, she can teach school." This was agreed In Poor Polk, with no dissenters except Peter, Fern's father, and Fern herself.
Fern's story Is more than a novel about enterprise and cour» age. It le the delicately handled relationship between a young girl and her parents, and a double lova story: of Blanche and Peter Barrie, and of Fern and Clint Stacey.
This le the mountain country of a half-century pgo, when It took ten yards of sprigged calico to make a drees, and Uslie Ratliff couldn’t believe that folks existed so lasy they would buy a quilt •stead of making their own. But the underlying theme of honor and Justice, and the Kentucky hills with the frail spring lady-slipper, the summer calico bush "like a thousand candles burning bright," the fall pawpaw trees and the pines, are eternal. And when the Barries set out to right certain wrongs In the valley, they found "that victory, then, as always, belongs to the stout of heart."
Barrie A Daughter ... By Re-beccau Caudll' . . . The Macmillan Company . . Price $2.60.
nth. The world's record as far is held by the blind newt.
a
The Swiss radio reported that “210 church bells weighing over 100 tons were.removed in Milan at the order^f the Fascist author-ities.'^'
ThiS^s sSwfut one-third of all
in ch bails'of Milan, the report
addedv The bells of the Milan cathedral were left in place.
Cornflake Cranberry Puffs
Other jams than cranberry are delicious also in these little cup-desserts—marmalade too, when you feel inclined to use it for this purpose I Serve the Puffs very hot, with sauce or cream.
1% cups Saxon Brand (pastry)
. Mohr* '
OR 1% cu
wheat)
2% teaspoons baking powder % teaspoon salt 3 tablespoons sugar
Ae Proteus, one specimen of
t five years between The record for a , by the wsy, is 60 days.
#
^phe Chief Scout for Canada, fpg Excellency the Governor-Gen* hfel has sent the following Christmas message to the Boy Scouts of Canada. "Cordial greetings and good wishes to all " my brother Scouts and Scout Leaders. May they have a jolly Christmas, and remember In their thoughts and prayers their less fortunate brother Scouts In Europe who have had anything but happiness for more than four years. Let us trust that peace may be theirs and ours before the coming of another Christmas "
[ BOMBED BY TME Kl«|
ch
wise they was seen to ride away
1	cup sugar 8 tablespoons 44 teaspoon salt 146 cups boiling water S tablespoons finely grated
carrot
in safely pdoung l*w ship from I g tablespoons orange juice
2	b%juice Ka^r I Mix the sugar, flour and salt.
» voyage of	I Add the water and cook until
Colborae;	J thick and clear, stirring constant-
ly. Set over hot water; add remaining ingredients and cook gently over hot water until ready to serve.
J.
the
flour
N,
ilamgma
ExrdUent
U
4 tablespoons shortening
3 tablespoons sugar
1 egg
46 cup milk
46 teaspoon vanilla
1 cup Quaker Corn Flakes
Quaker ( hard-
K
our
APPLErA-DAY APRON
the
Cranberry Jam
Sift the flour once before measuring. Add baking powder an*) salt and sift again. Combine the shortening and sugar, beating well together. Beat and add the egg. Add dry ingredients alternately with the milk, making three additions of dry, two of liquid, and combining after each. Add vanilla and Quaker Com Flakes. Use to two-thirds fill greased medium-sizqd muffin pans. Top each with a spoonful of jam. Bake in moderately hot oven, 876e, about 20 minutes. Makes eight “Puffs.”

ot
So

L
1

U
6
always ready le llelee le yeur "pel
CHRISTMAS PRAYER
thrilHnj^ sea
I»
z#
9 k
jeer Sellers le "Misa Sadie B. Cfcarobere, 71 Weal Adelaide SIH
her, 1941, and when si months later Captain HuMey
It
eawelepe If yew wlaS e
4
o
6
j A

scouting

'c





e e e
Ô
Meeting Reported In 26 Languages
¦ bomb hit while at had guided his ship for much of that distance
She result ol
Knang, b#
*
m
me
iBKV

MÈ
Lord Peter Baden Powell, only •on of the Founder of the, Boy Scouts Is a Cubmaster In Africa.
«2.000 miles, n being through t bad brought»»

St
safely through several
On the outward voyage the ship earned cargo to Calcutta, afterwards
The Overseas Branch of the United States Office of War Information worked full blast to carry to the ends of the earth the story of the historic Roosevelt-Churchill-Stalin Teheran.
Shortwave radio beamed the story in 26 languages and dialects out of New York over 20 east coast transmitters, with relays from London, Algiers, Tunis, Rabat, Palermo, Beri and Naples.
$

62*/«
In the scrap metals campaign in the United States, 431,769 Boy Scouts took part and collected 292,008,404 pounds of needed met-




« 6
nbsrdmenta staged by the Japanese December 9 and 11. On the second a bomb hit » lighter alongside
l
conference at
ala.
6%



n
'9
A letter of congratulations to the Boys Brigade, on the occasion of Its Diamond Jubilee has been sent by the Governor-General as Chief Scout on behalf of Its brother organization, the Boy Scouts of Canada.
than 60 holes in the ship itself. " * • - * * *----------------end oon-

Singapore. There the hull was loading completed and with on board the Colbome
V
%:
to
4575

t'
$ M l
paaM-ngerfi

He
brought the Colborne back to a viaJmba, South Africa and the
$
i
Pilot Officer James G. Noel, for nine years a member of the 40th Vancouver Scout Troop, was the hero of a rescue when a woman Jumped overboard from the S.S.
FOR
Captain Hub

in Dundee, Island. He has been
ri
i

I

YOU CAN'T BEAT
»

i!*:.
BUCKLEY S MIXTURE

m


YOUR own; cigarettes with
m
MAKE
IN Toronto It's The
Fup to make, fun to wear is this simple, sprightly apron, Pattern 4676. You can perk it up with ruffles, decorate it with an apple for apple time (pattern for applique is included) or have it just plain V mighty pretty.
Pattern 4676 is available in sises smell (82-34), medium (3688) and large (40-42). ¦Small else takes 1% yards 36-inch fabric.
Send TWENTY CENTS (20c) In coins (stamps cannot be accepted) for this pattern to Anne Adams, Room 421, 78 Adelaide BL West, Toronto. Write plainly sise, name, address, style number.

St. Regis Hotel
.MACDONALD’S

/
#	Every Room with Bath, Shower and Telephone.
#	Single, $2.60 Double, $3.50 up,
#	Good Food, Dining and Dancing Nightly.
Sherbourne at Carlton Tel. RÀ. 4135

SM

m
Fine Cut



;:-v.
>*
A MILDER TASTIER TOBACCO
I He's only one of millions, but he typifie* the spirit that all Allied fighting men will have as they kneel to offer a Christmas prayer. Be they on bloody Tarawa, in mud-bound Italy, the steaming Jungles of New Guinea, in England, Iceland, China, India, somewhere afloat on foe-infested waters or in the training camps at home—in all their hearts will be the same prayer-Tor vietqfy, a speedy and the return of good will among men!	i t

peace
1
ISSUE No. 62—43
i
A
I

rx

###PAGE###3###
c
iaemm
m

B
- i



-à-

y
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
PIPPINS
| RADIO REPORTER
By
l
AID TO DEFENSE
REX FROST


«

Horizontal
18 Exist 22 Upon.
51 .24 Hypothetical
'sf -uctural tit
27	Brink.
28	Metal.
28 Osculate.
30 Either.
32	Satisfy.
33	Receptacles.
Sounds of laughter, the rustle of paper, ecstatic sighs of Joy, happy exchange of greetings . yes, these are the familiar souhds which herald Christmas Day. The very air is laden with happy friendliness. And this year the air will veritably sparkle with specially bright sounds, for while everyone else has been busy buying and wrapping gifts, radio artists, producers, writers and musicians have been bedecking radio's Christmas Tree with an unusually fine selection of original Christmas Day programmes . . . radio's Christmas Tree really sparkles this year. Let's Just take a preview peek at It, promising ourselves that on Christmas Day we'll gather around It for a long and happy visit.
radio, stage and screen, who will be on hand to welcome you and help make this radio party one of the happiest you have ever enjoyed.
1,6 Pictured U.
S. defense aid.
10	Beverage,
11	Perish.
12	Also.
13	Over (poet).
15 Value.
17	Gem carvéd in relief.
18	Portend.
20	Whether.
21	Garden tool.
23 Crayat.
25 District at-»jpHHHHH
tomey (abbr.) 48 Music note.
48 Author of a poem.
t
* P
JESUS BEGINS HIS MINISTRY
January 2nd
Mark 1 f 122.
PRINTED TEXT, Mark 1 : 8 22.
GOLDEN TEXT—Repent md believe In the Goepel. Mark I : 16.
' MEMORY VERSE—I love thee, 0 Jehovah. Realm 18 i 1.
THE LE880N IN ITS SETTING
Time.—The ministry of John the Baptist occurred, for the most part, in the summer of A.D. 26. The baptism of our tord occurred In January, A.D. 27, and His temp-tatlon, In January and February of that year. The events recorded in this lesson following H.s temptation, did not occur until a year later, in April, A.D. 28.
Place.—The ministry of John the Baptist, and our Lord's temptation, both occurred In the wilderness of Judaea. The baptism of Christ took place at the Jordan River, the exact spot, however, being unknown to us. The first disciples and the first teaching Af our Lord took place in and near Capernaum, on the sea of Galilee.
v-


Why, isn't that a hockey stick and puck lying under the tree among the tinsel? Sure It is—symbol of a special srrrts highlight this Christmas Day. In addition to all other festivities 9.05 pm., December 25th will signal another coast to coast thrilling hockey broadcast.
\
ye,
IÛU
ty.
I 37 Metal tip of a scabbard.
—' 38 Reabsorb. PHf	39 Sequence.
3	Editor (abbr.) 40 Signs.
4	Refined
5	Body of water 46 Nickname for
HPBPHPPB Augustus.
stance formed 47 Slave, by combustion 50 Brown.
PPPJPHI 51 Doctor of
Dental Surgery (abbr.). 54 North Dakota (abbr.)*
56	From.
57	University of Idaho (abbr.).
BOUHMU
#
$
#
26 Insect 28 Writing fluid.
For late Friday night listeners, the new series of dramatic productions, "Mrs. Miniver," Is now |e 30 Aged, being heard 11.30 to midnight over the Columbia Broadcasting System, and CFRB. The new weekly drama programme begins where the movie, and the novel of the same name ends. It brings to America the stalwart English couple who became endeared to millions on both continents. Jud-
45 Demigod.
51	Ridge of sand. 6 Black sub-
52	Within.
53	Messages.
55 Russian coins. 7 Toward.
60 These stamps can be used to buy U.
5. Defense
31 Finishes 33 Bear,
84 Plunder*
35 Tyop of sailing vessel (Pi.).
37 Printed cotton fabric (pi.).
39 Therefore.
41	Him.
42	Half ems.
43	Type measure.
44	Tree.
46 Aeriform fluid 2 Devour
#
$
#
8Low.
9 Sell house to house.
10 Clan.
12 Symbol for tellurium.
Prepa r ed.
18 Exclamation. 58 British VERTICAL 18 This stamp 1 To make deaf. depicts a
The gc:1wlll fairy on top of the tree la the Empire programme to be broadcast between 9 and 10.15 Christmas morning. With real fairy doll magic, from our place beside the tree, we visit every part of the British Empire, pausing in each sister Dominion to listen to a typical message. Our Journey ends, as It began in London, England, the finale to the broadcast being a personal message from His Majesty, the King. All Canadian radio stations will carry it.
L.
61 They are sold at U. S.
ith Evelyn, well knows to Canadian radio audiences interprets the role of Mrs. Miniver.
Washington State Apple Growers’ Association looked at film actress Irene Manning, above, and decided she was just the type to cast in the role of "Pippin Girl.” Above, she poses, picking another pippin.
post
Columbia
(abbr.).
59 French article.
Q

#
Your radio reporter takes this opportunity of wishing you all a most enjoyable Christmas. May the Spirit of the Yuletide Season be yours 365 days in the Coming Year.
4
I
5
8
9
7
b
10
II
I
The Final Preparation
"And it came to pass in those days that Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee, and was baptized of John in the Jordan, and straightway coming up out of the water, he saw the heavens rent asunder, and the Spirit as a dove* descending upon him: act a voice came out of the heavens, Thou art my beloved Son, in thee I am well pleased. And straightway the Spirit drlveth him forth into the wilderness. And he was in the wilderness forty days tempted of Satan; and he was with the wild beasts ; and the angels ministered unto him.”
Everyone asks the question, Why was Jesus baptized? It Is true Jesus had no sins to be forgiven but He submitted to baptism for a number of reasons. First, no doubt, It gave divine approval to the baptizing ministry of John the Baptist. Secondly, It testified to the reality of the need of mankind In general, of a turning from sin and a washing away of sin. In the third place. He was baptized as a part of Hie humiliation, as a part of His identification with humankind, and His participation. In all the needs, the limitations and acts of men, sin apart.
The dove speaks of peace, and gentleness, and purity, characteristics surely of our Lord during His years of labor among men.
Satan Is here revealed, as elsewhere in the Bible, not as an influence but as a person, an individual, of supernatural* power, though not omnipotent. He hates God. He tries in every way to lead men into sin, to prevent God from saving men, to spoil the lives of men, and to thwart the purposes of God. If Satan at this hour could have led Christ in any way to sin, then the gospel story would be over before It had hardly begun. No doubt the ministry of the angels took place at the end of the temptation. Probably they brought Him food, after Satan had left, and strengthened Him In other ways when the temptations had been resisted. The temptations were real, Satan was real, the victory was real. ,
First Preaching of Jesus
"Now after John was delivered up, Jesus . came Into Galilee, preaching the gospel of God, and saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe in the gospel." Christ now asked men to turn to God, to believe He had come from God. to repent of their sins, to live godly lives. Wherever
God rules in men’s hearts there Is a part of God’s kingdom.
“And passing along by the sea of Galilee, he saw Simon and Andrew the brother of Simon casting a net in the sea; for they were fishers. Ad Jesus said unto them, come ye after me, and £ will make you to become fishers of men. And straightway they left the nets and followed him." What now happens Is that Christ asks them actually to leave their work and to literally go with Him, later devoting their lives to the proclamation of the gospel which He came to establish.
Christ’s first Teaching
"And they go to Capernaum; and straightway on the sabbath day he entered Into the synagogue and taught. And they were astonished at his teaching:	for he
taught them as having authority, and not as the scribes."
It is not indicated in this passage what our Lord taught. The important thing is the result of his teaching, namely, astonishment on the part of the assembled listeners, who recognized that here was one who taught with an authority which the scribes did not possess. The scribes, the doctors of the law, spent their time in setting before their audience numerous quotations and opinions from the learned rabbis, of their own and preceding days. They did not speak with any authority of their own, but they supported their interpretations by the authority of recognized scholars. Our Lord spoke out of His heart, out of the fullness of His knowledge, with an authority tern of omniscience, an authority arising from a complete and perfect experience of life, an authority derived from the fact that He had actually, from all eternity, lived with God the Father.	w
16
15
17
19
Id
#
Among the lower branches of the Tree is an intriguing looking package marked "11 am. to 12 noon" . . . what Is it? None other than that now essential part of every Christmas Day, «a dramatised radio adaptation of Charles Dickens’ famous “Christmas Carol"—the Immortal story of Scrooge • • . to be heard over CFRB.
VOICE
zo
21 22
2
25
OF THE
27
26
30
26
PRESS
31
32 H33
34
COULD BE WORSE
Winnipeg is complaining about long lines of people for hours, waiting services at the liquor stores and beer warehouses. The thing has become endemic. It is a blessing however, that these long lines of people are not being turned away empty hacked from food shops in the country.
—St Catharines Standard.
TALL TAX TALE
6
35
AMERICA
ON
37
38
40
GUARD
*
$
#
41
4
3
On another bianch hangs what looks like a gay music box . . . yew it's a boxful of Christmas carols in musical form. Gay figures paiitted on the music box indicate the carols are those of Britain. America and Russia . . . and will float over the CFRB airwaves between 2.30 and 3.15 p m.
X
45
44
47
46
9
49
I
152
53
59
5
54
60
61
A biologist ventures the opinion that the people of this continent will be seven feet tall by 2043—a natural result, no doubt, of trying to keep one’s head above the flood of taxation.

My word, this is a big parcel near the bottom of the tree, it's all aglow with tinsel and bright stars ... the label on it invites everyone to a bumper Christmas Party of fan, merriment, music and dramatic interludes lasting for a full two hours between 4 and 6 p m over CBS and CFRB. Such well known a tars as Bob Hope, Bing Crosby, Jack Benny, Robert Young. Judy Garland and Lena Horne, the new singing sensation. will be among the many other top ranking personalities of
In his easy chair to read a g::3 murder mystery when his wife asked "Just what does inflation mean?"
Threepence A Day For Wearing Beard
Edmonton Journal.
—Stratford Beacon-Herald.
NO SWAN SONG
We hear Alberta ducks are now singing. “Praise the Lord, they’re out of ammunition.”
Corporal Alexander Campbell, a piper oi! the Camerons, claims to be the only man in the Eighth Army who wears a beard—and he gets an extra threepence a day for wearing it. Pipers and pioneer sergeants are the only men ia Highland Regiments allowed ts wear beards.
COLLAR BUTTON UTOPIA In this post-war dream home, of glass construction throughout, one slips downstairs ' to spot the collar button beneath an upstairs dresser.
—Edmonton JounnaL

BUSY FROM THEN ON
Then there was the tired husband who had Just settled back
—Milwaukee Journal.
SERVING THE UNITED NATIONS



WITH
*6

WAR ALCOHOL

Vvj



/


Total Casualties
Of R.C.A.F. 10,025
y
1

z
R.C.A.F. casualties since war’s outbreak have totalled 10,026, Air Minister Power dsiclosed last week.
Of these 3,654 are known dead.
Another 3,249 are presumed dead.
/
Z
&

Prisoners of war count 1,089. Currently missing are 2,068. And 15 are interned.
Those listed as presumed dead are not so reported by R.C.A.F. until after they have been missing for six months.
A*



4

4

82*^-.

I
TIGERISH TYPHOON
#

TARGET

<
»
FOR TO-NIGHT
I1

<
4
4
Films Mode With War Alcohol
f

The lost aerial photograph fits mugly into place - and there lies the blueprint of another German target due for a pasting
by our fighting airmen. Pictures taken by aerial reconnaissance are vital links in the chain
1

;

which will lead to the ultimate destruction of the Axis war machine. Another link Is the camera film on which these pictures ore recorded. In making this special film alcohol is used, just os if
t

?
Va*
1
U used for many other essential war purposes—for plastics, explosives, anti-freeze and
igationol instruments. In the factory, on the field of battle itself, Alcohol is making a direct contribution to Victory. Because It Is to urgently needed in such fabulous quantities, our plants ore operating at peak capacity.
nav
I


1




/

»
GOODERHAM
W*
1 WORTS, LIMITED


*


*

Its wings gaudy with tiger striping®, this R.À.F. Typhoon fighter-bomber is pictured as it flashed on its way from Fr g and to strafe enemy airfields, attack railroad trains and do'vn NgEEEEENg##
aircraft in




m



•Ik




mi




I
II
Ml
Hill
iri
III
» •
:ni
H


ZBBGB $ EGSES MBti QEti SBEB IHEEBBCGB BBB
BE
BEBlfl a
BXEaKffi 2lE SlEhlE EGE EQIEU ffiSE BEES: S9EQ2D BE lâûùiBQ

agaçai ehbem EGùisn !¦ bbhEI
ES2BBBE lïHEGKH
###PAGE###4###


CE

w
3
....
im<
n ing dairy lie ¦¦ less an opportunity to in-oduction to help meet the
LLORS
To the ratepayers of the aforesaid Municipality : f 1 % '*- *	|
nderatg that ;
A Public Meeting of the Municipal t the aforesaid Municipality,
\lunici)kal Conn Mall in the Wedn^mViv the

O
À new îfuify w cmetesag lesum;
of leading milk distributors In 33 ^ or
states and the District of Columbia crease p	111 WÊ
show* that farmers and employees ever-growing wartime demands for December 6tb, 1043	• of milk companies received 7 8.87 pvr milk and milk products, says J. O.
The regular aewum of the Municipal cent of the milk dollar. The figures jretsven, extension dairy specialist the t
sstiiSJésuLiss %% sus ss*srs .-yssaessr,-# « r
« .no I nhr^nf meetina c	1941.	.	more than 60 per cent of all cows Rl
Pr.Jlnr • Andrew Farrell. Mayor, Average figures for the 141 firms milk^xl in the United States are in |n*
»...T-» srsatsâisr »52s ss*« 'zstjs suvs
and retail sales of milk were al- per cent 0f the farmers who milk most equally divided with retail at cow8. yet these small herds profil per cent.	duce only 55 per cent of the nation's
Farmers received for their raw total milk supply. In other words, milk 56.82 per cent .of the milk dis- Tretsven points| out, with better tributor’s dollar while 22.05 per cent management these small herds could went to employees for wages and produce much more and three times salaries. The latter figure did not a day milking is one means of boost-include administrative officers' sal- mg production. ** ¦ -»	• 5»
aries which were .74 of 1 per cent. The dairy specialist also points out The balance of 18.27 per cenMn the that conditions now are favorable milk dollar went for supplies, taxes, for pushing cows to the limit. Feed containers, maintenance, repairs js generally plentiful and there will and other necessary operating ex- fce a market outlet at good prices v> penses. Hg. i	for'every gallon of milk and cream,
and for every pound of butter that » small herds can produce beyond family needs.
o

Minutes of Council* Onslow North

HU. 1

!
1
1. 1
>4


4#

»d to vote f will he held at Hyi Raid Municipality
TWELFTH day c,f JAXUAHN
thousand nine hundred and forty-four
dock in the ftliftjHflflHH f then and there electing
Menara John J. Heimick ¦ and
!

A
Itedl tnêk hi* M-atBBKB
Motion — Young snd Fairell — that minutes of Sept 7th, 1943 : Oct KM3. and Not. 2oi 1943, aa read be adopted. Or Martineau took bis seat,	%
Motion—Martineau and Young—that the following accounts be approved and
Sâ"':
for the
at TES purpose
councilto repine*
Caldwell. Harper • H George Prendergait, the retiring ciliors, wliohe term nf office has expired.
That on Monday the seventeenth day of January, one thousand nine hundred and forty-four, if necessary, a p »U will beheld at Hynes’ Hall, in the said Municipality» from eight o’clock until six o’clock p. m., for taking votes of the Electors for Candidates, snd that Mr. William G. Chisnell, of the said Municipality, has been appointed Clerk of the Election.
Given at .Shawville, Que, this twenty-seventh day ot December, one 'thousand nine hundred and forty-three,
Harlam> C. Row at, -t . President of the Election

oun
Season’s Greetings . .
The Equity, publishing minute* $10 00 Pierre Robert, 7 days at $4.50	31 50
5 days at $2.50	11 50
Andrea Daley, accounts to date 10 30 P. J. McGoff, 1 day on grader. 4 (X) Jas Dougherty, day on grader..
Joo C. Dolan, day on grader .. Hormidaa Moreau, labour for T Quyon Milling Co., trucking Elwiu Erwin, labour 3. Wilson Joo Armitage, account for trips
Wm Craig, labour 1942, 1943..|	__
Oscar Page, labour with Robert 27 00 J. Gauvreau. labour P. Robert 2, 00 Alex Lapierre, labour P Robert 54 00
And. Farrell, 84 notices at 35c	29 40
^	17 50
•%
a. m
4 00
We are sharing the joys of Christmas just as we're sharing our efforts for Victory— may we soon know the glory of » caefl-JH Earth, Good Will Towards Men.”
2.50
45 20
4	00 6 00
5	00
Home Garden Can Add to
Rationed Food Supply
The family that has been growing
¦¦
¦Hie
able planting date for each.	thur Slgne<3' "
Small-growing crops such as carrots, beets, lettuce and radishes should be grouped on one side of the garden away frcm the large-
We wish to extend to each and every a joyous Christmas and a Happy
one
and Prosperous New Year.
Sam Wilson. jr„ time 1943 .. . Earl Clarke, labour S Wilson.. Harold Sally, labour 8. Wilson Herb. Wilson, labour S. Wilson Leo O’Donnell, cleaning pipes.. Jno C Dolan, $20. instead of •
$27.50 ..... ..........
Refund to Matilda M. Macfar-
lane Estate..............
Maurice O’Donnell, labour on
bridge............y • • -
Jas Dougherty, labour on bridge Account for Alonzo Boland
Mine Road Labour :
PUBLIC NOTICE
4 00
2 00
1 20
Province of Quebec,	«
Municipality ot Clarendon :	g
Public Notice is hereby given thaï >> a meeting of the ratepayers of the above (( named Municipality, will be held in >) Hynes’ Hall on Wednesday the 12th W day of January 1944, at the hour of >> TEN of the morning, to proceed with « the nomination of three Councillors in )) i he room and stead of Meases Ira Hanna, j James Judd and James WHelen, whose > term of office will then have ex;*ired.	(
ShotVd an election be necessary it will >
be held in tin* same Hall <*»>. Monday, 8
t 8 «.’. lock >)
1 oo
m
20 00
100 OO
2 50
5 00
^^c7/no {yloMu'ncf and 'fiaoeraashenj /& men and bet/s
31 oo
8 00“
Leo O'Donnell ...........
P. J McGoff,.............
Cbas O’Donnell...........
James Dougherty..........
Alfred Alexander ........
John C. Dolan ...........
Foaler Dowe .	. T ......
las McO. fi.......i*.....
George Yallillee ........
Leo O’Donnell......, / * -
P.J. McGoff.........- -
Arnold Y illillee........
Chas O’Donnell ..........
John C. Dolan ..........
Harvey Steele, 72 loads gravel J. J. O’Donnell cedar for bridge J J. <yDonnell, 14 loads gravel 1 4u * Motion-Farrell and Armttage— that the following alterations be made to the assessment of properties Mm. L. J.
Dolan, north half lot 7, range 8, to Michael Koran ; Patrick Wan. north half lot 12, range 13, Mary Nora Forao;
(Jtiyon Moylebehdite Co., 5 acres on the north east corner of the south half of lot 8, range 7, to G 8. Walsh ; John Conlin, south half lot 1, range 1 -south half of south half, lot 2. range 12, to Edmond Gauthier ; James McGoff, north half lot 4, range 12, to J. P. Daley
„„dr showed
"«*" -	SÆÏÎS3Î5
the discretion of ing their protection by reducing the Peelerin, April number of bonds and the amounts
of the bonds. In some cases, legislative action would first be necessary to permit elimination of bonds, and a committee of the municipal league
b 30
4 00
are
4 00
January 17th, commencing
ii*l continuing to (? nclock, v. in. Given at Shawville this 88th day of
4 00
A. Ill
A. FRASER .^SON
6 25
S'
24 00
December 1943
3 00
Colorful Shine Stand
as asparagus, rhubarb and berries should be at one side of the garden also, where they will not be disturbed 7 20 by plowing. »
2 00 ___________________________ - .
J, A DEAN 8ec-T rens.
Municipality of Clarendon
3 00
3 00
rative it will remain, for the parti time bootblack announced that “even if President Roosevelt wanted a shine, well—just once is O. K.,
3 00 3 00
FARM FOR SALE
7 50
I
guess.
“The world’s
is now on display at the
most beautiful
For Beautiful
In the Township of Bristol, 200 acres; 180 under cultivation. Never filling water supply. Apply to
ERNEST MELD RUM Phone 5-2019	909 Bronson Ave,
Ottawa. Out.
Museum of Modern Art in New
Officials Can Be Reduced T«a. « »‘ *%***«. %
Study Shows Bonds for
Cemetery Memorials
Premiums on surety bond cover- *white an{J b,ue faar chair with a age for employees of New York baHk seat a polish box an extra cities were cut 20 per cent as a re- ; stan(j for the cust0mer's idle foot suit of a study showing premium , an(j a ,ush covered stool for the rates paid were considerably out of :	¦ V
proportion to low loss payments made by the bonding companies. |
Tenders Wanted
Tenders will he received by the undersigned tip to January .3rd, 194 C at noon, for cedar «or tamarac Njuaret 8. 12 and 1% feet long. 6 x C and 8 x 8; 80 per cent to be 8 x 8. and not more than 20 per cent, to be 8 feet lung
J. A. DEAN,
Seci eta ry Treasu rer, x	Municipality of Clarendon
write or phone
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
bootblack “when there are no eus
Milone made it from
__	- .	. .	.	.	. ..	^ baubles collected over many years.
The study bringing about the pre- Alfred H Barr jr-| director of the
mium rate reductions was made by museum described the set as “fes-the state’s league of municipal of- tjye as a Christmas tree, jubilant ficials, the American Municipal as

tomers
and

Like a lav
as a circus wagon ish wedding cake, a baroque shrine superbly useless object with-Strangely enough, the
>
a
Phone 278
out price thing Milone hates most in this world is Shining shoes. He’s a laundry
that in the opinion has been an error in
ifto.it be corrected. be
f0M*tDioo*PvIn»Uan“ Armit»ge-tbat upon a petition being Rented by Patrick Sheehan and signed by eight
efeebeh
Council grant said petition and that Rural Inspector he authorized to auction and have costa charged to interest
presser
STRAYED

Strayed from tlie premises of the undersigned on or about Decerntxi ICtli, one two-year old red heifer. Information regarding the animal will be thankfully received by
ORVAL SMART, I
RTS, Shaw ville, Que
Dehydrated Foods
. Although canning and freezing now is preparing a report on such have been the most p0pular methods
legal revisions for submission to ^ conserving foodstuffs in the Unit-the 1943 legislature	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
'iwwiiihi iii4frri^rirrT^fTitwiïMiin7TnTinnnrïïnirinfrairiirnriTr

Dairy Pails
B
I
ed States e up to, now, dehydration holds promise of superseding them as a means of getting needed food to the armed forces, allies, and oc-
_	.	, cupied countries. Two and three
straining to turn out the required quarter million tons of steel were army and navy installations and war used for canning in 1941. Although production facilities, new construe- saving; are being effected in the tien activity reached 13.6 billion dol-j amoulll OJf steel utilized for this purin 1 <42, the department of com- posef even greater amounts can be merce announced. Construction ex- diverted to war uses by more expenditures during the year were the lensive use 0f dehydration. If de-highest on record, exceeding the 1941 hydratecj foods “click” with the total by 2.5 billion dollars. All American people, there will be emphasis in 1942 was placed upon "micro stores" after the war, in construction necessary to the war which a smdll country store will be effort. Due to an almost insatiable able. to hold the equivalent of to-demand for cantonments,nnr bases, ship ways, and other types of war 4 construction, military and naval ! construction alone totaled 5 billion ! dollars in 1942, as compared with 2.1 billions a year earlier. In addition, new industrial facilities valued at 4 billion dollars were constructed in 1942, almost double the 1.941 figure. The vast amount of new plant capacity built during the year is suggested by the fact that the total of industrial construction in 1942 alone exceeded the total for the whole decade of the 1930s.
We have now. on hand a limited supply of good Dairy Pails.
War Booms Building
With the construction industry
a
same
j[otiot^-Young and Martineau—that the Sec-trewmrer be authorized to «end to the County of Pontiac land bake, 1944, til’properties with over two yean
tax due.
Motion—Armitage and 1 oung this Council accept the responsibility for each persona furnishing security, if required to do so, in pending esse with Ou yon Molybdenite Company, all exposes to he refunded. The secretary treasurer was authorized to secure the
‘HS-r.S.-d v.miIim
be authorized to
FARM FOR SALE
58
Lot 232 situated in the Village of Shawville. seventy acres more or less, good loam soil, good buildings; lots on Mrtin Street, all tillable land. Also a Hintzman piano in good condition
Apply to
Findlay Furnaces
that
A few good all cast Findlay Furnaces are now available. Place your order now to insure early
delivery
J. G. ELLIOTT,
335 James Street Ottawa, Ont.
Phone 6-1276
day’s super-markets
that
mm
______iturn wwl
American Chemical society. The out Jition	opposition part.es
molasses shortage, Increased requirements for ethanol, and the I I
¦¦¦
feasible.	* *	^ available.
the secretary treasurer call for tenders for the following material :-33 cedar, 12 feet long. 8 inch tops
rssiT&s
k"-"'3 "b tii-'H" Zn
same to be
DALE’S TINSHOP
8000 feet b. m name C. Dolans ; 2000 ft. b. m delivered at Ourvus Annitage* ; cedar, 16 feet long, 8 inch tops, delivered at Municipal Hall; renders to be received before January l*t j 1944.
Motion- Va* 111 lee and Ar.nitage that Andrew Farrell be paid the follow-
jaffS-ÏÏ3K. in. —l »oo
fcJL 9 John C. DoU......	1 oo
Sept 17. Mine road .......
Oct. g, Campbell a Bay re Iklisle
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
50

on
functionaries was
Alcohol From Wheat
War conditions have forced the alcohol industry to utilize wheat as a
ESTABLISHED 1883
l 00
C 00
COACH
INVALID
Oct. 8, Hull re. Mine road.... Oct. 13, Joo C. Dolan re. mine
rond and report. ...	...
Oct. 13, Telephone call re Mine
road ........ ••*. -
Nor. 16, Hull re. Mme rond .. Dec. iud, Telephone call re
Mine road	•
Dec. 3rd. Hull re. Mind road .
3 00
i 00
GEO. HYNES & SON
30
6 00
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
V/Shawville Cue.
30
6 00
J. .... A* S»1 «<>
Faire» and Xrniftage-tint
Total
Phone 80
Motion-
this Council adjourn until January 3 1944, at one o’clock in the tftermM)
Ahdbkw Fab* EU-,




###PAGE###5###


rt




!s
%

I -<


'______________
k



m *





^ cfo t&F,
with i/ouh phelenti
' ¦ chjeatn.
I
m
PSnT
FuFWe. Want», F

T
:. - -¦ - .

?
*
#• 4

Lost, etc.
v • m

Shawvillk U.vitko Church Rev A. F. Friers 13. A., B.D. PAStor
Svrviçe at Slmwviîle. ce at Zion, e at Starks Cor-
FOR SA LE--Sheep skin lined coat, ¦¦I II Apply to Amev
in excellent condition*! |
Barnett, ShawviUe. Rhone 127.

11.00	a. ro.—
2.00	v m —Sri v 3.30 p. m—>

II

WANTED A bf.tiscktfper for family
nf live.
Rhone 18 - il, Shawville.
Tv I V I
Hayes
% nv ,i t
( LARKNi E
lier».
Subject “A Se« Year to Hope? ¦	7 30 p. m. Si-rvice at ^hawville.
Picture Service, Lunyan s “Pilgrim a Progrès»” with 50 colored slides. Illustrated Hymns





FOI! SALE— One Hitter in go<d
1944 î
1934
For further
lion.
apply/to'Li.qyd Horner, h. l, feuaw
ville. Pli«>ne 15 - 2.

!
(



p
FOR SALE- A number of grade Du/hnTO^çifcr*t duc tf» freshen around February 1«f. Apply to HïLLîàRî> Hi: ATT IK, Onslow Corners, Phone 12.21.
WANTED—To buy, Quebec Heaters any kind, gtsd or bad condition ; Tricycles; Ladies’ Bicycle»; Electric Hang-ettp, Victrolaa. Address, G. DtB018, 374 t'Urence Street, Ottawa, Ont.
¦
«a
U[ j»r,

, ¦ Clarendon Circuit Bkv.5.T. Hommes. P,A., B.D. Pastor
Service at Radford— 11.00 a. m Service at Bristol’—2.30 p. m. Service at Varna—7.30 p. m.
5
4



\




4*'-
1

zf t.
¦t
sm



Bristol United Church	II
Lay Minister :—Mr. Leslie Dean	|
St. Andrews	H
Service—l LOO au m.	] 1
Sunday School immediately following	fl
W	v.	-
' <	Knox	II
Service—3.00 p, m.	I 11
FOR SALE — Christina» puppies,!	Austin	B
Boa tor. terriers, dark, lovely markings,	Service—8.00	B
Champion stock. Apply *o Bill Kl'Xjk, j Kew Year's Message-^	B
“Begin with God
%
r
FOR SALE—One good Rucooh coat,
Apply |p Jt»*n L.
medium priced.
HoïkiiN-*, SlmwviHe, Que.
»




FUR S Ai K — Two registered Holstein bull», one year old i a quantity of maple>nd birch furnace wood. Apply to Walt kb Kiloovb. Shawville, Vbonê Il -81.
Z
WA
é
Ten Years of
PROGRESS

#
ÜFS§ iSSI
insanitary, Gy-attracting mi,- «^nabl,	fron ^
man you know—Renfrew's own representative in your neighborhood. He is responsible to you and we stand behind him and all the Renfrew products he sells.
y G u r
170 Concord, Otttawa.
»
fPWfi , r
hire of oil and milk, making a mess of both machine and floor. The oil necessary to the operation of a Renfrew goes in at the and remains inside until it is time to
change it.
RANGES • HEATERS • WASH-RITES •
LOST — November 25th, north or northwest of Qtiyon, on side road, black leather brief ease, containing a box of cartridges. Kinder please leave at 94 Bank Street, Ottawa. Reward.
ANGLICAN
Rev. K. C. Bolton, BA., L.Th
Meantime, our warmest thanks go out to all, old and new customers for such
fine support, and that our simple aim will always continue to be to serve you to the best of our ability.
St. Paul’s
New Year’s Eve, .service at 11.15 p. m*
Sunday School—10.00 a. m.
Holy Communion 11 00 a. m. Evening Preyer 7.30 p. m.
St. Like's, Caldwell Evening Prayer 2.00 p. m.
the promise
WANTED—For general housework
Write Ethel
TRUCK-SCALES • INCUBATORS
in new home, live in.
Low, 27i» Sherwood Drive, Ottawa,-
stating wage# exacted.
MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED RENFREW ONT.
REGINA SASH.
THE RENFREW
SUSSEX N.B.
ST. JOHNS P.Q.
»
- F Opt SALK— Two - regivt* red Hoi s eiik bulb, 1 and 3 years ; one heavy chesnut gelding, rising 3 years ; pair Percheron gelding#, rising 1 and 2 years.
Apply to Clifford Horner,
Shaw ville. Phone 15	4.'
* -
Meanwhile, looking back through the
of this war which has deprived
LEO R. KEON
K. l,
years	¦
us of many articles of merchandise
which we had been able to procure heretofore, and which have now ished from the market. Nevertheless, like our customers, we endeavor to make the best of it.
North Cl a r es don P a bis n Rev. P, K. StvTE in charge
REPRESENTATIVE
Quebec
-DISTRICT
FOU SALE—tine Furnace and one De Laval Separator, cap. 800 lh. lx»th also one gasolene engine, H h. p., and one 8ludebak»r touring car
good tires. Apply to Clifford Conk, Shawville. PhoifB 30.
Charteris—
McKee
van-
Holy Communion—11.00 a. m. with Thorne Centra— '

i
new
Evening Prayer,— 3.00 | Gieermount—
Evening Prayer— 7 30
Ladysmith, Monday, .Jar. 2rd, annual Vestry Meeting in Orange Hall h.00p,m.

This Christmas and New Years finds some of our employees on the battlefields of Europe. Therefore to them and all A Merry Christmas ; and a promise ot better things to come.
E Wilson’s Garage
Vulcanizing
pENTFAJUSTAL A.^SEMLLIKS , ' lÎKV, F. ( ) R..VTLÎ.V.
Shiiwvilîe
I Services at 11.00 a. m. and 7.30 p. \ù
Bristol Fudge
Service at 2.00 p. in, and 7.45 p. m.
Starks Corners Servirent 11.00 a. in.
Portage du Fort Service at 3 30 p. m.
*
Tl\e Same Reliable Service
•v

Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
We have just installed two small Vulcanizers and can now repair minor breaks on your tires and large rips
Let us attend to all your
l
r-

Ford Service
1

*
*
in tubes, tire troubles.
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils I
a
N
J. P, Wilson
' Holism Movement Church Rev. W. C. A. McFarland Pastor
Shaw ville
Sunday School—10.00 a. m. Evening Service—7.30 p. m.
North Onslow
Sunday School—1.30 p. m. • Service—2 30 p. m.
Main Street Shawville Quebec
Phone 40
Try a new McGormic-Deering Cream
Separator now
It will put DOLLARS in your pocket
h
Wkslktan Methodist Church Rev. H. Kielty, Pastor
Sunday School
Morning Service at
Campbells Bay Sunday School at 10.00 a. in. Evening Service at
Hodgins Garage
10.00 a. m. 10.40

NOTICE
\
o
Buick, Oldsmobile
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
Shows will be discontinued during Winter months
7.00
!
I wish to thank the people of the district for their patronage while operating in Shawville and extend to all the Compli meiits of the Season.
Phone 64
la Vitamins
Shipments of Western Crain Four to Six Weeks Late
Be prepared for the
Cold Weather
Build yourself up with
VITAMINS
•We carry Vitamins for all conditions"
JOS* DOYLE
WANTED
K	Antes Move Ameries
% | Approximately 80 per cent of the 8 Americans now engaged in war pro-8 auction depend on private transporta-K I tion to carry them to their jobs, ac-$ I cording to' the Office of Defense 8 | Transportation. It is the individual * 8 responsibility of every American « who owns a truck or car to keep his 8 transportation working for him ; it X is also the duty of every services 8 to help by supplying proper lubri- j g cation and such replacement parts as 8 are available, and to educate the 1 » war worker in the conservation of 1 / his vehicle. Based on ODT statistics i 8 of 59,000,000 war workers and maxi- g 8 mum public transportation facilities I 8 for only 12,000,000 workers daily >1 tour out of five Americans engaged 8 in war work depend entirely on pri
vehicles to set to and from
advised to place their
This
Farmers are
orders early for Winter teed, will avoid disappointment and help
give better service.
Large quantity of
RAILROAD TIES

PURINA CHOWS, FLOUR and other farm supplies always on hand
I
an
?
THE CORNER STOR 2
Write or telephone
>

Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard £
Main and Centre Sts. t SHAW VILLE 8
V
J. M. ARGUE

SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.

Wr iwba.


\
###PAGE###6###




;




rtj



r" ^
rfy** ÿf?K ^	^




,v
4


mi
-
• •



1
¦A- t
•v

m





- Sfc 2
e V



!l v

ft



'




Mrs. Santa Claus
/
\
l
i
/
1
Last Christmas our local jewelry store added two new departments we never had carried before. One was a top counter, where a selection of movie doUe was featured. The other—an optical department—catered to the trade who could not afford glasses unless they could arrange to paylfor them on credit
Visiting the shop the night before Christmas, I watched a tiny little girl . . . I'm sure she couldn't have been more than six • . . standing before the already sadly depleted doll counter. Her eyes were big as she looked up at the one doll still unsold, and there was a child's longing in them as she tugged at the tattered overall jacket of her father, busy talking to the optometrist.
“Daddy," she called, her voice shrill with excitement, “look! Isn’t it the darlingest thing? Do you think Santa will bring it to me?"
ÿtatt on Earn)
(goob-aaill to jflen

'
i
S//a

A



4

?
\

3*
/
/
\
1
/
y
A V

I heard the bells on Christmas Day Their old, familiar carols play,
And wild and sweet The words repeat
Of peace on earth, good-will to men!
And in despair I bowed my head; “There is no peace on earth,” I said; “For hate is strong,
And mocks the song Of peace on earth, good will to men.
Then peeled the bells more loud and deep:
“God is not dead; nor doth He sleep! The Wrong shall fail,
The Right prevail,
With peace on earth, good-will to men.”
CX

%
A,
V
sS?

r
•N


w*


ma


V


<
a
\
The man’s tired face turned toward her, and a hurt expression flushed across it settling hopelessly in the gray eyes, not, Mary,” he answered.
Santa in a store down the street a while ago, and he said that e’d be about out of everything by the time he reached our house. Reckon he might have some sweets, or maybe a rag doll though. And he’s promised for sure to bring those glasses.”
“Oh!” Tears were in her eyes, but she fought them back bravely, and her worn coat sleeve wiped the last trace of them away.
“Come on, Mary,” the optometrist called, taking the little girl by the hand.

fi

Fraid “I saw
W
v
1
y/
<7

G
/


y
s
y
i


7
/
Z
y
—Longfellow “Christmas Bells”
%

i
K
x.
$
*
i
The optometrist turned to the father. 'Til make a special effort to finish them tonight,” he said.
He was back soon, a slip in his hand. “I’ve fixed it with the management A dollar now, and a dollar a month until the balance of five dollars is paid."
Mary had returned for a final look at the toy. “Don’t you think. Daddy, that the glasses could come as a birthday present, and • . . oh, I did want a doll so badly!
m

If You Are Born	«
On Christmas Day $F

Some Traditions "Of Christmas Day
?

I
m
The tradition of Santa Claus riding in a sleigh drawn by reindeer is said to have originated in Holland where St Nicholas was supposed to make his rounds on Woden’s* (god of the elements and harvest) horse. His chimney-sliding propensities may be traced to the old English custom of cleaning the chimneys at the beginning of the year in prépara-
There is a Scottish belief that to be bom on Christmas is to have the power to see spirits and even to command them. Sir Walter Scott says- that the Spaniards attributed the haggard and downcast looks of Philip II to the terrible visions he was able to see because he was gorn on Christmas.
but I won’t cry."
e e #

$
#
Her father hadn’t heard. He was busy feeling in his pockets for the dollar needed for the down payment. He found a lean wallet, and from it pulled a quarter and seven dimes. He counted them over twice, a scared look on his face, then began a renewed/ search. Triumphantly, he , finally produced an eighth dime, and handed the silver to the optometrist.
As the man in overalls and his elfin daughter started toward the door, the girl behind the doll counter looked at the optometrist, then at me, a tear in her eye. Then she ran after the pair. "Wait a moment — isn’t your name Mary?” she asked.
"Uh-huh?” the little girl answered, bewildered.
"Then I guess Santa meant you. He was here just a few minutes ago,, and said he had a doll for a little girl named Mary, but he was afraid he wouldn’t have the time to deliver it Then he remembered that the little girl’s father said he was coming here, so lie asked me if I’d keep the doll and give it to you. That’s it, up on the counter. Take it and run away, because I’m so busy I haven’t time to talk.”
A
>
c ffi'gîcE


French peasants believe, that
G\»r*
do»'"® P
G*en
ey
nwo
*
I

»

'
WW
MR#


&4J


Where a chair must vacant bc Since 'Our Tom" put out to sea;
Or else a boy in khaki clad—
Perchance again an airforce lad—
%
Where such things be—oh take my hand, -And let me say—“I understand!"
A Day will come—we know not when But come it must. And then—yes then—
The. balls will ring with clarion call Good Will on Earth and Peace to all ... .
Christmas greetings—one and all Young and old, big and small.
Greetings to the busy mother Loved by big and l’il brother.
. A 5/ Greetings to the Daddy whtr ' Finds thete days so much to do.
Greetings to the teacher tired,
And the children so inspired With the noise of Christmas cheer Grandest sound of all the year!
Yes—greetings to you everyon And lots to eat and lots of fun!
But . , . >i
¦it	1’ ’	%>? tf 1 \%
Where there is a saddened heart, ^-•Whçre the tears are quick to start;
Where a mother hides her grief ^Knowing tears are scant relief.
n ear is tuned to hear Rumblings of unspoken fear; Where a father, proud and tense, Carries on, despite suspense.
babies Ijom on Christmas have the gift of prophecy.
In Silesia a baby born on Christmas will become either a lawyer or a thief.
In middle Europe it is said that if a baby is bom at sermon time Christmas Eve, someone in the house will die within the
t.on for the entry of good luck into the home.
As a receptacle for Santa
Claus' gifts, the stocking with ita
obvious roomy advantages developed from the shoe used by the European child and placed on the hearth, signifying the owner was in bed. In Germany and Scandinavia the children usually search for their toy. which are hidden away in unexpected places, while in many districts of Spain and Italy gifts are distributed to the children at elaborate street festivals.
year.
English mothers used to take sick babies to the door Christmas Eve midnight. Mary was expected to pass with the Christ Child. If the baby recovered, it was a sign that it had been touched by Christ, with healing fingers, and if it died, the Christ Child had called the babj to be His play-matt in heaven.
$
’Til that time comes our way is clear—
At Christmas and throughout the year;
To work; to tfieer; to give our aid— Tireless; boundless; unafraid!
Then let us celebrate this Day—
This Christmas—in the good old way.
And at the end—O let us pray—
"Bring Peace, dear Lord, NEXT Christmas Day.”
Shyly, Mary reached up for the proffered treasure, and hugged it close.
Mary was speechless while her benefactor busied herself behind the counter. Suddenly the girl felt a tug at her skirt, and Mary was at her side, looking up at her. 4T believe you’re Mrs. Santa Claus,” the child whispered, awe in her voice.
As the door closed behind the pair, the girl took her purse from her bag and looked inside.
"Mrs. Santa Claus, indeed!” I heard her mutter. "Lucky for me this is pay day, or Mrs. Santa wouldn’t eat tomorrow.’*
OiERRy
P
X
A/h
# \
f
X-
->
¦Jj


"CHRISTMAS
Most of the
Peace, Good-Will
ical, iiifiilMMhpbHHHiHIHP Christian population is English and there are Christmas trees, church services, nativity pageants and huge Christmas dinners —just like home.
The Chinese Pay Bills At Christmas
all his bills at Christmas time, bo he may begin the New Year delbtlese, if penniless.
Christmas célébrâti. ns are particularly widespread in Chungking, the capital, for General Chiang Kai-shek is a Method!* and a large percentage of tiie Chinese are Christians.
Soldiers in India will have aa English Christines in eomi-trop-

"It isn’t the giving, or getting alone
Of gifts that has brought on the Christmas time tone,
But rather the peace that your heart holds -and then
The honest good-will that yoe Show unto men.” '

&
Although their usually elaborate holiday feasts are somewhat simpler these days, the Chinese still exchange gifts. In fact, the soldiers thereabouts found giftgiving is a national weakness. And every Chinese tries to pay




-4 v;^-{**£*¦-*'.7
December is derived from "decern,” meaning ten. In the old Roman calendar the year be<?an in March and December was the tenth month.




• ê


2 »


; i
m 1

.
f. c.


k
###PAGE###7###
•»»

H"

/
CANADIAN SOLDIERS WATCH FOR HUNS
dry thoroughly, and they will last Indefinitely.
Q. How can I keep egg yolks if they are not needed for immediate use?
A. Place them in cold water and keep in a dark, cool place, and they can be kept fresh for several days.
Q. How can I blanch almonds?
A. By placing them in boiling water for a few minutes. Remove skins, dry and brown in
heated butter on top of stove, stirring constantly. Remove from fire when they are very light brown, then drain on brown paper and sprinkle with salt.
Centuries before America was discovered, the Chinese were eating spinach.	j 8
destroyed the Dnieper dam in their costly retreat across the Ukraine. The necessity for that act was a bitter blow, not merely because they% were inordinately proud of the structure, but because the defences of the Ukraine had not proved as strong as they had supposed. It is now commonly agreed that although no real quislings were found anywhere in Russia, Nasi propaganda did at the beginning make some headway among the Ukrainians.
The original destruction of the Dnieper dam meant relinquishing the greatest single monument of the Soviet's new industrialization program. Its second demolition represents a German confession that millions of lives bad been squandered on a conquest that could not be made to stick.
How Can / ? ?
“Well, yesterday’s wasn’t!*
¦
m
By Anne Ashley


Hubby: “You never tell me whit you buy I Don’t I get my voice In the buying?'9
Wlfey: “Certainly, darling! You get the Invoice.”
UP"

Q. How can I soften winter pears ?
A. Hard winter pears wÜl ripen nicely if placed in layers on fruit shelves.
Q. What is a good way to water house plants during the winter?
A. Place them in the bathtub onct in a while and turn the shower on gently, so that they may get moisture through their leaves as well as their root#.
Q. How can I make sash cords last longer?
A. Before installing the new sash cords, soak them in boiled linseed oil, then allow them to


"What's your trade In the Ahr Force?" asked the sergeant ,
"I'm a turner," replied the AC. "Turner?" queried the sergeant "Yes." replied the AC, "at night. 1 turn In, and Just as I'm about to turn over, somebody turns up and says: "Turn out; It's your turn to turn over those kites."
"
4

m

T.m
w *
?


•*>



4
8

y/4

V
x „


Boss:	“Young man, you
ought to take a lesson from the busy bee.”
Office Boy: “I did, sir; I was out late last night with my honey.”
L


>




s
»
CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISEMENTS
CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISEMENTS

Modern Etiquette
By Roberta Leo
%
She: "tl says here. .'Germans driven hack into Italy'.**
He: "Well, that's good news." She: "It's a downright shame. Why don't they make them walk?"


/}
*****
l

PATENTS
ARTICLES WANTED
X <

*4,
FETH ti R8TONHA UGH * COMPAN Y Patent Solicitors. Established 1890;	14 King West, Toronto.
Booklet of Information on request ______________________________
HIGHEST PRICES PAID FOR Cornets, Trumpets, Clarinets, Saxophones, etc. Shelton-Sber-wood Co. Ltd., 365A Yonge St, Toronto, Ont.________________________
1.	Isn’t it poor taste for a man to come to the table in his shirt sleeves?
2.	Would it be all right for one to send Christmas greeting cards to the other employees in the office, who are his equals?
3.	Is it obligatory that honorary pall-bearert wear special mourning suits?
4 What should a girl do If she is visiting friends in a strange* city, and there is no one at the station to meet her?
6. How should shrimps be eaten, when served whole in their shells ?
6. When should the "thank you" notes for Christmas gifts be written?

là
*m
»

I
'

*
“So that’s your new overcoat! It's rather loud, Isn’t It?"


A
m
PHOTOGRAPHY
.
/

«r
BABY CHICKS
r. -

“Yes; but I Intend to wear a muffler with It."
A MERRY CHRISTMAS
AND BEST WISHES FOR TUB NEW YEAR ARB EXTENDED TO YOU BY THE MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES Of THE
STAR SNAPSHOT SERVICE
Canada’s largest photo finishing studio does the finest work obtainable — and at the lowest cost. Got beet results from your camera b* •ending your films here for developing and printing. Quality work and prompt service Is assured you.
STAR SNAPSHOT SERVICE

TOO LATE — TOO LATE NEXT SPRING DON'T LET IT BE •aid "too late.” Send for our price Hat and order your baby chicks now. One dollar books your order.
; Britan-
...


y #





I
• ^ •
•V. «*¦

Attorney: "Where was the defendant milking the cow T" Witness: "It’s hard to describe, Judge, but If you’ll bring In a cow, 111 show you the exact place."

Goddard Chick Hatchery Heights, Ont
V
&
y
nia



M

X#
If
THOSE WONDERFUL TWEDDLB chicks—get 'em early! We thought we’d get some rest after the 1943 peak, but there’s no rest in war-not with a world-wide food shortage. Mighty rhort Interlude between season». Look» as If the chicken and egg business had run Into a perpetual demand. T «reddle operations have already begun. We are ready to supply
Oovern-f r om



I

i

Rich Old Husband: “Would you care If I left you V* Sweet Young Bride: “Net If you left me enough.”
tim
Canadian anti-tank gunners are shown Italy on the alert for ipord and sight of Germ#n armored vehicles. Infantry were about io advance along the road on the right toward German positions ?he first hill in tne background. Germans were also in position among the cluster of Italian farm homes at the bottom of the hilL I ¦
on
KM, Poets! tenslssl A# Tsreste
Praising Star Snapshot Service, a
customer at Windsor, Ontario, writes: "I suppose It is hard to give your usual quick service with help so hard to get but as long as you turn out the fine pictures you send" e, I for one, will think they're ell worth waiting for—If I have to wait”
Any Sise Roll—4 or 8 Exposures. DEVELOPED AND PRINTED
you with high-quality, ment. Approved chicks btoodteeted breeder*. Send for 184* pricelist and catalogue. Also laying and ready-to-lay pullets for Immediate delivery. Tweddlo Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
Twice-Blasted
Answers
I. Yes. Of course a man ie entitled* to be comfortable at home, with his family, but when there are guests he should wear hia coat 2. Yes. 3. No; any dark business suit is appropriate. 4. Telephone to the home you are going to visit or ask the assistance of a policeman. 5. They may be separated, peeled, and conveyed to the mouth with the f ngers. 6. Within a few days after Christmas.
Dnieper Dam
quantity of paper avail-Britain is about one-fifth pre-war supply Newspapers Hi eut accordingly.
The
Have You Heard!

The famous Dnieper dam has been blown up again. But this time the explosives were fired by the Germans, as they publicly abandoned hope of holding their Dnieper River line. It would be difficult to find a more fitting symbol of the progress of the war on the Eastern European front.
The Russian* themselves first
A baker with a horse and van was delivering bread In the avenue. A woman hurrying homewards from her shopping stopped him.
ORDERS NOW HAVE PRIORITY. They get choice of breeds and dates. We're keeping up Bray high standard, but we. can't promise unlimited supply of chicks. So—order early. So available now. Still some la pullets. Bray Hatchery, ISO ..
N., Hamilton. Ont.________
Sise 4 % 6” In Beautiful Basel
Mounts.
You can have enlargements coloured by hand , for a email additional
ITCH'S:
me chick#
£85
"Have you left mg any breed, baker r.
"Oh. yes, madam.”
"Is It today’s?"
"Certainly, madam.”
Nvarned Enlargements 4" x 6", on
Ivory tint mounts. In frames 7" x Burnished Gold or Silver, Circassian Walnut or Black Ebony finish 69c; it enlargement coloured 79c.
Print your name and address plainly on all orders. . *
CAR WANTED

PRIVATE PARTY DESIRES 19401942, 6-passenger Coupe or SSd an -etfe. good condition. Cash. Box 71, 73 Adelaide W.. Toronto.
MAIL YOUR FILMS
TO IMPERIAL FOR QUALITY* • service and satisfaction. 9 or 9 exposure films 26c, reprints • for île. Imperial Photo Servies, Station J. Toronto. ¦'
ANTED
DRAG SAW
WANTED USED WADE DRAG Saw. Write giving model, condition. price, etc. • Ledru Bel eel.
t
DAHLIA*
¦53
WANTED TO BUY
8§§DPAœ BASSWOOD AND
WALNUT LOGS
Pannill Veneer Co.
Kitchener, Ont.
BE SUCCESSFUL IN GROWING exhibition dahlias. Our catalogue and inatructlona on Dahlia Cul-tur will be mailed free to you on request Lovegrove Dahlia Gardens, Galt Ont________________
BEST PRI
B •
-a
FOR
DYEING R CLEANING
HAVE YOU ANYTHING NEEDS dyeing or for In fermetlo answer your questions, ment H. Parker's Limited. 711 Tongs route.
2"#
W Eta is us
8T.rl°
Works
street
AN OFFER TO EVERT INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co., Registered Patent Attorneys, 178 Bank Street, Ottawa. Canada.
ELECTRICAL EQUIPE

ELECTRIC MOTORS. NEW. USED, bought sold, rebuilt; belts, pulleys, brushes. Allen Electric Company Ltd- 2.326 Duffsrln St, Toronto.

PERSONAL

I
"ELIJAH COMING Christ", wonderful Merlddo Mission. Rochester N.x.
BEFORE book free.


y
j+ui/SgBB






FOR SALE
4*

m
ONE OF THE MOST PROFITABLE rural businesses today Is the SEED. MIXING AND GRINDING Business. We have several good mills offered for sale In different sections of the province. No agent’s fee charged. If you can, get into this rapid I y I Incss now. Box 73,
8L W., Toronto.
ONE SKIN OR THOUSANDS — IT will pay you to ship to Ontario’s rancher-owned Fur Co-operative to receive the highest market price. Write for shipping tags and advice forms. Ontario Fur Farmers’ Co-operative, Limited, 60 Yorkvllle Street. Toronto.
W






growing I»us-73 Adelaide
‘
A
t 1
Pi


m


FUMHUTS WANTED
OPPORTUNITIES FOR MEN AND
WOMEN

FERRETS WANTED IN QU AN Titles, reasonable,
Scott; 122 Maria Ont.
# m
apply W. J. St W., Toronto,
LEARN METASCIENCE AND make- money. Remarkable drugless healing. Unbelievable simplicity and results. Inexpensive correspondence course. Write to: Metascience of Canada, Drawer 6, Fortierville, Que.
it
J
V

/
FARMS FOR SAL F
%
%
100 ACRES. CLAY LOAM. EIGHT acres bush. ba>nce under cultivation. well drained and fenced, reliable well, windmill. 20 acres
house, newly house, driving house, driving shed Town six miles, lot 1, con. 7, Tuckersmlth. Roy Connell, Seaforth, Route 4.
!
TAPEWORM
acres wheat; brick decorated cement shed. Town six
STOMACH AND THREAD WORMS often are the cause of Ill-health lb humans all ages. No one immune! Why not find out If tb ; a 1# your trouble? Interesting particulars—Free! Write Mulv«.ney'e Remedies. Specialist». Toronto I» Ont
FOOT BALM
BAUMEEKA FOOT BALM destroys offensive Oder Instantly. 46o bottle Ottawa agent D<
Drui Store Ottawa
RHEUMATIC PAINS
enmsn
TRY IT! EVERY SUFFERER OF Rheumatic Paine or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Muuro's Drug Store, 336 Elgin, Ottawa.. Postpaid $1.00.
Christmas Eve, 1943
PURS WANTED
RAW FURS WANTED. SHIP YOUR raw furs to ue for full value. We deal direct with New York. L. A. Jones, 189 Talbot St, St Thomas.
RIDING EQUIPMENT WANTED
*
WANTED TO BUY. RIDING SAD-dies, bridles or any other riding equipment H. Glmblett, Box 1*4. Osh aw a, Ont.
And after a while they'll hang up the stockings. And finally they'll all go to bed and the kids'll dream of Santa Claus all night long, like I used to.
•'Merry Christmas, Dad and Mom ! Merry Christmas, kids! Merry Christmas, Mary! Don't worry about e. I'm all right. And if everything goes okay, I'll be home for next Christmas.'•
•This is the night-the night I've always lived for, year in and year out.
“This one is sure different, though. Instead of sleighbells, we’ve got tank tracks clanking over the rocks. Instead of stockings over the fireplace we’ve got Army socks drying on the bushes. Instead of a treeful of presents, Jerry lobs over 155’».
“See that star over there ? Looks like a Christmas star all right. It’s shining down on our house right now,
Dad and Mom and the kids and Mary.
•They’ll be singing carols and it’ll sound wonderful. And there’ll be t big fire in the fireplace and the stuff on the tree will **e sparkling like diamonds.
POULTRY GRIT
POULTRY GRIT:	WHITE LIME-
atone In 100 lb. bags. Immediate delivery in carloads or smaller quantities, write for samples and prices. STINSON REEB SUPPLY Co., Limited. 5585 Delorlmler Ave„ Montreal.
STAMPS WANTED
WANTED, OLD POSTAGE ST AMI ^ best cash price paid. Send your lots to A. Stern, 2001 St. Catherine St. East, Montreal. I
QUILTING PATCHES
HAIR GOODS
/
Only firm In Canada manufacturing ladies* and gentlemen's hair good# exclusively. Write us far particulars
NOTIÇE, QUILT MAKERS — QUILT pieces—Prints, Broadcloths, Flannelettes, Silks, 2 lbs. 96c, postpaid. Remnant Sales, Tarnopol, Saak., Box 68.
QUILTING PATCHES
FROM FINE MEN’S SUITINGS OR overcoating, sises A x 18,	6 x 9,
9x9. Price from 26o up, per . pound. Trial package $L00. Loulp Rice, 181 8pad I n a Avenue, Toronto.
I l

WHITE'S HAIR GOODS
e
?
St- Twrato, Ontario
Let us not fail the boy who waits tonight on a wind-swept hill. Let us -try to match his job with ours. Let us work harder in mine and field and factory. Let us buy more and more Victory Bonds and War Savings Certificates. Let us resolve now to bring him home before another Christmas comes.
I*AI HDKE9SING SCHOOL

LJBAMN HAIRDRESSING THE Robertson method. Information on request Robertsons
*
1 bet
on
regard ue
Hairdressing Aca ti-
ue Road, Toronto.
see
0*7, 187 A?
MEDICAL
TRADE SCHOOLS
GOOD RESULTS—EVERY
, - RADIO COURSE $2.50
AMAZING OFFER OF R.T.L TRAIN-lng regular radio course# In reprinted form are offered you at u.e greatly reduce* price of 12.60. This is the latest radio course complete In every way. Prepared for home study—three courses In one: (1) Elements of Electricity and Radio; (2) Practical plied Radio; (8) Advanced training. Order 1)0 w.
rare
ferer from Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dlxph's Remedy. Munro's Drug Store, 886 gin. Ottawa > Postpaid $1.00.
El-
THE HOUSE OF SEAGRAM
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTA
BAND AND ORCHESTRA 1NSTRU-meots. Plano Accordlani, etc., may w turned Into ready details and price to Ws A Company, 810 Yongo Si.. Toronto 1, Ontario.
HiVl U-
cash. Send haîey Royce
or













>
###PAGE###8###

'


>¦?

%
r\

#

*


VAVA

t
Keep your Buildings in repair with
g

f
V
!
#
Gyp roc Insul bric Masonite Donnaconna
X
e
X

%

Asphalt Shingles
Roll Roofing
Building Paper Lime and Cement Rockwool Insulation
i
l
and their, Families...
The Hedging Lumber Go-
t

eaôon'6 Greetings

i

l
PnlpwooJ Gotten Wanted After Christmas Holiday
IN MEMORIAM
1
HoiküNs—In loving memory of a dear husband and father, Lyman Richard Hodgins, who entered into rest Dec. 23, 1940.
Time speeds on, three yeais have passed, Since death its gloom, its shadows cast, Within our home, where all seemed bright,	. .
And took from us a shining light.
We miss that light and ever will.
His vacant place there’s none to fill ; » Down'here we mourn, but not in vain, For up in Heaven we meet again.
i Ever reqiembered by	.
Wife, Family and
Grandchildren
All pulpwood cutters who have returned to their homes for the Christmas holiday are asked to return to woods work without delay so that vital war work will not
be interrupted.	.
"Your company wants you back; our war work mint go on says a statement issued by the Pulp and Paper Industry of Canada. At the name time, the Industry reminds farmers and farm workers who can still leave the farm without affecting winter production that there i* work for tJiHin cutting pulpwood. with good lood, good camps, gcod wages and transportation arranged. All they have to do is to apply to their nearest Selective Service officer, to any provincial agricultural representative, or to their local Farm Production Committee.
The pulp and paper comprime* of all Canada are counting on these winter months to try mud make up the critical shortage uf pulpwood
facing the country. That if why they are offering good-paying off ¦ work to farmers and farm
We extend to you and your family the compliments of the season and we sincerely hope that 1944 may bring
•	•	% * A |	*
the blessings of Peace.
I

% t I


Approved
A. MacNAMA&A
Director of Natiotul Selective Save*
YOUR COMPANY WANTS YOU BACK
our War Work mutt go on
1
Io lovitig'mem ry of mu dear sister, Bernice, who was laid to rest Decern b?r 30, 1(J4
How we miss you loving sister.
With lint smile upon >our face,
And toihear your jolly Llighter :
No one else c-mj t *.t* ymr
Sadly missed by "
Winson and Florence Horigins
...	• ; and Family
V
J
Mon M‘«
Your company wants to have you back right after your holiday. We are still at war and our war work must go on. You will, of course, return to the farm in the spring. -
<553»
Committee;	1
hicb you have pre

season
It is, however, understood that all farm jvorkers will return to the
nd in the sp	.
lOn these conditions, it has been
announced by Arthur MacNamaia, director of National Selective Service, postponement of military
Hfflcéf “	*	“w*
'
i
CARD OF THANKS
| We wish to thank ont kind friends ! and neighbours for their acts of kindness, words of sympathy and tioral offerings received during the illness and
: EEmEB
! Dr. S, E. Me Dowel’.
Alex Hazari* and Family
Pulp and Paper
Ot
THE
;
Ha
INDUSTRY OT CANADA
9 7 2 SUN LITE BUILDIN& MONTREAL
pulp
tor w
• *
ers

Seed Production Program Results
I
i
As a result of a seed production	._____
program arranged in the spring of j
EEEEBSE !An
needs tlmt year were	in'	HËH
too good supply, the Board stated! recently. Included in the kinds | ot seeds produced are beans, peas, beets, carrots, cauliflower, cucumbers, lettuce, onions, parsnip*,-radishes, spinach, tomatoes, mangels and swedes.;
Several varieties ot these vegetables have been produced in order to meet the requirements ot Canadian conditions . The seed is notable for its hardiness and freedom from many of the diseases found in seed produced in southern areas Besides providing tor Canadian requirements, the Agricultural Supplies Board undertook to ar range for the production in Canada of large supplies of the same kinds of vegetable seeds mentioned for shipment to the Lmted Kingdom through the British hood Mission. Shipments are now going forward and several million-pounds will eventually be exported so as to provide for urgent food requirements in Britain Plans are now well advanced to extend the seed production program in Canada next year,
An early Greek prayer which has been translated by Gilbert Murray as applicable today as it was cen-uries ago. It is as follows :	I space or
“May I be no man's enemy, and for repairing and constructing farm
may I be the friend of that which is equipment. The storage of new ma-eternal and abides. May I never chinery, increased use of labor-aav-quarrel with those nearest me; and ing devices to offset the Scarcity ol if I do, may I be reconciled quickly, farm help and the inability of local May I never devise evil against any service meiT and dealers to take man; if any devise evil against me, care of all reconditioning and repair may I escape uninjured and without work makes it highly desirable .or the need of hurting him. May I every farm to be as self-sufficient as love, seek, and attain only that possible in this respect.
good. May	a11
men’s happiness and envy May I never rejoice in the ill-fortune of one who has wronged me.
When I have done or said what is wrong may I never wait for the rebuke of others, but always rebuke myself until T make amends. May I win no victory that harms either me or my opponent. May I never fail a friend in danger. May I respect myself. May I always keep that which rages within me.
May 1 accustom myself to be gentle and never be angry because of circumstances.“
Work Room Needed
Every farm should have a work room especially reserved
Pork Barrel Legislation
The term “pork barrel” legislation came into being when the first bill for harbor improvements was before congress in the early winter of 1823. Opponents of the bill charged that its advocates promoted it solely to gain popularity among their constituents at home by accomplishing something which would benefit only certain communities. They compared the onslaught on the federal treasury to the rush made by the slaves on Southern plantations when the pork barrel was opened. Afterwards river and harbor improvements bills were called facetiously “pork barrel bills.” Later the term was extended to any legislation-allegedly passed for the purpose of political patronage. The total contributions to a campaign fund sometimes are called the pork barrel.
Army Getting Many New
Officers From Its Ranks
Jig-Saws Save Metal
A technique of “cutting out paper dolls” and making “jig-saw puzzles”
of them is helping to solve one According to a war department of war industry’s toughest problems announcement, about one-third of —the scarcity of vital materials. officers of the army of the United Thousands of parts cut from flat states are graduates of Officer Can-sections of scarce metals go into didate schools, which means that small motors, huge turbines and (hey won their commissions after other complex electric apparatus j service in the ranks. Almost one-contributing to the motive and firing ' half are from the national guard power of weapons of war. Many of , and the organized reserves, and the these parts are made from flat stock remainder are former officers of the sheets. Some are simple circles, regular army and men appointed some are triangular and others have from civilian life because of special unusual shapes resembling stars, skills.
banjos or top hats. A few arc as The commissions granted directly complex as the microscopic pattern from civil life were chiefly in the of a snowflake. But when laid out medical department, the judge ad-for cutting from stock sheets all vocate general's department, the must be nested so closely together corps of engineers, the ordnance department, the signal corps and the army air forces. Many of these officers were top-bracket men in their civilian professions commissioned for duty in highly specialized positions.	Eat a good breakfast to start a
The recently announced policy of	day is a wise rule at any time,
filling future officer requirements al- y..( especially in a»wartime winter, most entirely through Officer Can- Every active growing child needs L> didatc schools, the department said, break his fast with foods for energy was made possible by the outstand- ,, j body building. Workers on oc-ing success of this democratic sys- t;ve duty on the farms, in the far-tern. Reports from, training camps tory, or around the house also need and maneuvers, and from the ulti- roods that will stand by until noon, mate test of the battlefield, have Office workers may not need w emphasized the qualities of leader- rran> calories as those who use their ship displayed by officers who came muscles, but they, too, can benefit up from the ranks through these ;el>m a good breakfast including a schools.	.variety of lighter foods. Even elder-
ly people in the homo often profit from a substantial meal first thin;* n the mornipg, since many prefer not to take a heavy meal before bed-
is
none.
Plan Garden Carefully
Careful selection of the-Varieties of vegetables for victory gardens this year is necessary if gardeners are to harvest good crops. Richness of the soil, amount of water available, amount	length
the frost-free season, and the amount that only a narrow strip of metal of sun or shade should be considered will remain as scrap.
before
preparations made. Among the kindfc
which need special care in selection	P.
of varieties for early maturity are	Evergreens and Conifers
bush and pole beans# sweet corn,	Evergreens, as the name is
eggplant, .peppers, tomatoes, cante- moniy used, refer to plants which loupe, cucumbers, squash, pumpkins retain their green leaves throughout and similarly easily frosted vegeta lhe year. All the leaves are not shed bles.	at one time but they gradually drop
they become overshadowed or In some instances the same leaves persist for 15 years. In contrast to evergreens, deciduous
those which shed their There is a dif-

¦


Good Breakfast Helpful
ta rr. c



corn-



Iraq Aids Allies
Iraq’s declaration of'war against
Pl.ce of L'Enfant Colum,	Hom, Chicken R.i.m,
«ÏÏ itijSJrSSK, -K-SMSi M£	wm Meet Me.. Need ¦ „e | .
stone. Where is it? what 1» u. ^ ijne from Kirkuk aouthwestward to Many people will have to raise f ieqVes each year. is simply a block of granite !"l!r Uhe Mediterranean port of Haifa, their own backyard flocks bf chickens fcrcnc.e, however, between fçet high with a bronze compa^.- paiest[nCi was completed. It stimu if they wish to be sure of an ample greens and conifers or cone-bearing designed on top and it stands on 1.. |atfcd production in Iraq’s fields from supply of poultry and eggs under plants. Some conifers are decidu meridian of the District of Colum Mosu) to Kirkuk. The kingdom he wartime conditions, it is generally ous such as the larches and cypress, bia just south of the White House came eighth largest oil-producing nn- believed.	There are also many broad-leaved
grounds.	tion, with an annual crude flow of The shortage of other meats is evergreens which are not-conifers,
This Zero Milestone takes the more ^an # million barrels Pro- resulting in an increased demand as rhododendrons, holly and the place of the “itinerary co urr.n dUCti0n has b**n greatly reduced for poultry products which can be " paims. • planned by L’Enfant, first capita . s|nce September, 1939, because of met only if more chickens are
planner, for a place one mile east djsruption 0f normal distribution raised.	ÆÊM
of the Capitol from which an - r,JUtes, but the pipe line to Haifa rt:U	While an increase from the farms	Peanuts Important Food.	- .... . * .
ErEs^s ËBSKSÎS EÎÏ=HBSi£Eî2«Eï
mmm
motor transportation c°rpa, U. S hratcs dani now irrigate the land chickens, and, if they are properly verted into more peanut oil. whin- £“ ’	• nrobablv
—	aml *sss æ.’zxsrsèss & ». stmt srtf s ESEEEBfE
. M »-—^-Strssu; "a, ,u„.,	.1 sr&ss ErorôHE
—»«*• *- -srr is & » :tsrer as a r cn
sixths of all its sufficient eMs. -	r ’* * - ekision in various candies.	vnd-* '
%
'Zero Milestone1 Built in
r

as
crowded.




¦4



ul'

ever-



Farm Population Drops
Minnesota's farm population declined by more than 21,000 during the year immediately preceding America's entry into the war, according to estimates made co-opera-
time.
Paint Aids Food Rationing
“Stomach Boredom" is the Waif Street Journal's definition for flagging appetites due to the sameness of food served under the rationing system in Britain. The British food ministry lias advised restaurant keepers to paint their walls with attention getting murals in order to avert their patrons' concentration upon the monotony of the menu lie more peasant thoughts.| Gaily colored table coverings also h suggested. A similar psyr
PülSfiË might
v 1 bright
font column was never the street side of the Zero Milt
¦
er ftp tûtes 1
|be< logical
also be obtained b> paint eon the |able tops.
avc
e 1
y be measured on t___
of the United States radia*-Washington^ t Its erection was authoriz
get approved 19
ma
c from
Persian
r,
1
vd by c
fi

g v - i m an
1 -


