###PAGE###1###
%
r'k
i $1.50 per annum In Advance } 2.00 to the United fcvaics
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 27th. 1041
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:
No. üti, »3th Yea it
I
I
%
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Red Cross Shipment Going Out on
March 4th.
, A shipment of Red Gros4 work . will lit? forwarded to Hull on
BORN
is now
Warble Fly Powder available at the office ot J A
Dean, Sec.-TruiiHitrer, rownship ot
Clarendon. #
PRATTS
CALDWKÎ.L -At Florence Critten-ton Hospital, Detroit. Michigan, on February IHtli, 1011. to Mr and Mrs Basil J. Caldwell, a son, | Tuesday, March 4th.
Patrick Henry.
5?$Sp|
day. Feb. W. All member» ot the lied Cross are invited to attend.
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to la;ger and finer premises. The finest and most modem in Ontario. Attend a school with an established
reputation. Open all year.
*
:
I
Animal and Poultry Regulator Heave, Cough and Cold Remedy Hog Worm Powder and Tonic Cow Tonic and Worm Powder Powdered Lice Killer and Roost Paint
Mr. and Mr*. Hugh McCredie Celebrate 54th Wedding Anniversary
DIED
imwmtt
Cemetery, Campbell a Bay. 1
Dr. and Mrs. Powles Honoured
uongratnlntione of the choir and
I	-1SSS3
rSr œ ÜEâpg
.......*—**"'	|H4ÎUNI) o. rowat
, not less than 15 days monthly to |	NOTARY PUBLIC
iM~totu. »»d IJSÆ r^rt sssffiKS
* A. 0. Hodgios, in town.	I regulations.
H. W. BRAITHWAITk Principal
W. i. COWLING, Presiden
JAMES A. MILLAR 0
B A. L L L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
AI Moyle’s Hotel, Cm mphell’s ay 4 every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday at Noon
**************
vv\yy\\
Recruits Under Four Months’ Plan Will Receive Active Army Pay
PERSONAL MENTION
Fop Chicks
Baby Chick Tablets and Water Fountains Feeding Troughs and Grit Hoppers
SSSTfiSslâjïSaiS
"Sssg-E

SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
4 Estate C. J.
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shawville, Que.
,ftOthers Assisting in the serving Carâon1 nnd^Fhillip, visited rela- Quyon Mas Injured is • refreshment* were Mm. A. O. tives in Ottawa tor the week end. Sawiog Machine Accideit
f# A L B«?i- ri.rold j^g-.jasr-5-i
Jl,d<v	Mias Helen MacLean.
L
t
Of
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
On Wednesday morning, of last week, while operating a ««M
WMwSg thïfuSeon a round I Yarm.
Shawville	Pembroke | Dowell.
Advocate Barri step, Solicitor.etc.
Office: Campbell’aBay, Que. (In Lawn Block) ____________


DONAT Le GUERRIER
L«L«Bf»
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
could be
bad
B. A
• #
i
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with bytcorrespondence
7
k
Of 8
The February meeting o£ Bristol
'EssigsiSi
«ssr
at the home of his mother, Mrs. 1 to to by Sing. Say or i ay.
John Morrison.	1 .iïïïjSSÎÏ» tfc lorn,
,v. It was decided to cloth quilt for the Red
. MILLER WALLACE* |
ADVOCAT - BARRISTER
PNOM, -2219
W. J. Labow J. E. Bevens J. E. Wallace R. E Davis Skip- 8
E. McNeil E. A. Hunt G. Mackie M. E. Smyth Skip- 6
196 MAIN 3T6EET
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot Hotel, Campbe. Bay every Tuesday At Noon.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday Evening.
C. H. MacLean L. R. Wilson G. A. McDougall W. E. Shaw
Skip-11
W. R. Swartz A. W. Pequegnat O. A. Eades G. T. Paul
Sunkist California Prunes
0
Buy them by the box
$2.15 per box
Good size (60 70)
Cross work ot* knit*
D. J. CAMBPELL
Cpl. Douglas McDowell, R. C. A. M. C., Ottawa, spent the week-171 end with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Austin McDowell.
Miss Eleanor Carson, of Ottawa, was a week-end guest at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Clar-I euce Carson, Austin section.
séséübS
score of 4 to 3	1
The visitors arrived by the even- Mrs. Eddie Finnigan and twin
ing train and were entertained in flon8t Edward and David, of Ot the domestic science room at we ^ WR g pent the weekend at the
m,b25SdW"SK *125,132 SsküS" ”«h»-a" ^K
Gr A „ sun,,. R.C. A
The game was hard fought from Mrs. Stone, of Sutton, Que , were start to finish. The first period reCent guests at the home of Mr. went scoreless with both teams Ln(t Mrs. Gordon Russett, at having an equal number of scoring | McKee, Quebec.
msmMmp
another shortly after starting the final session, and then the locals found their stride to times to tie up the game
Skip—H Total 25
Veterinary Surgeon
Certificate make a
Plans were completed for the
exhibit at the Fall Fair. Seven
sick calls were reported.
Mrs Chapman gave a recitation
entitled “The Modern Girl. Mrs. Bland Little played a piano sole which was much enjoyed,
Mrs. Findlay invited the Institute to her home for the next
meeting.
Meeting
National Anthem.,
A social hour included several games of bingo, the winners being I Mrs. D. Russell, Mrs, C. Young
and land Mrs. Findlay. Mrs. Chapman was the winner in the son contest.
Refreshments were served by the hostess assisted by Mrs. i oung and Mrs. Henderson.	%
SHAWVILLE
Phone 81
Liigir Flyers Defeat Shawville Juniors
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE.
Quantity limited
\
¦
t
I
Wft
Sunl^ist Fruit
a
closed by singing the PLATEAU 6 3 8 8
/
0*. WALLACE J. W. HOOCINS
Surgeon Dentist
5uit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
per dozen, 35c
Oranges, large size,
Oranges, medium size, per dozen, 25c Choice Grapefruit, each
were
• #
5c
5c
Lemons, 2 for
il
BELAIR 3 257
H K. NEILSON, M.D.
Motorists Warned About Lights
All motorists should make certail.
their headlights when re-
Ey Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
to turn on
quired by law, if for no other reason than personal safety, reports the public safety department of the National Automobile club. The law requires that headlights be turned on-one-half hour after sunset, during inclement weather and such other times as vision is impaired. Last ...- I year 330 vehicles involved in fatal
rnmsm#
from Carey ; Murray and ChiUr-	-
The death oven red at the Bn tie
Art Reid, of Ottawa, and Kem- I Hospital, Manitoba, on Sunday	improving Human Race
mis Elliott, ot* Shawville, were February Kith, of James Graham, Abuse of alcohol, faulty system of *,g. optometriat in charge of the game which waft Qf Fox warren, Manitoba, in his schooling and the narrowing of very clean, Llsgar drawing the ggod year,	.	man’s productive time, are the three
only penalty.	Mr. G fa ham was horn in Bus ^rei, problems that challenge med-
The teams were :	tol township. May 30th, 1859 and j*c n psychiatry and modern sci-
Shawville-Goal. Gilbert Kilgour; aboUt 35 years ago he conducted a ^ oduy, Dr. C. Charles Burlin-defence, John Knox, Ray Ilobin ; furniture store ill Shawville, and	of Connecticut, one of the
forwards, Dean Pokes, Bud Find- will be remembered by many of Jonvt.rfl in mental treatment, relay and John Brough. Subs—Ur the older citizens.	ently said. The mental weakness
mmsmm
Carey.	irublems.
Mrs. S. J - Walls has returned to three I her home in Timmins, Out., after
the Shawville net, to Ml, and Mrs. Robert Glaspev,
...._________ .	.	and little son. Robert, of Ottawa,
Mac Childerhos, ot the rivers visited friends in town and at the the most outstanding player borne of Mrs. Gla*p ipp. while for home crew Mp_ an(, Mrs. M. ft
1C

! «
IE if.
score
s
A
ONT.
OTTAWA.
a
sap
Kellogg's Corn Flakes, with glass tumbler, 3 for 25c
Libby’s Soup Clark’s Soup, 3 for -Campbell’s Soup Grapefruit Juice, 48 ounces
Dark Cream of Wheat (Bran mixlure) per lb. Kellogg’s Krumbles, per package, -White Beans, per pound
Macaroni, bulk, five pounds Clark’s Spaghetti, 15 oz, 3 tins for
5
two
home play at chinch the game.
PHONE, 2-7961
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
10c
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
ONTARIO
25c
OTTAWA
»
12c
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
an *11 visual and muscular eye defects
Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist
23c
Specialist
5c
T.T. Beattie
I
14c
5c
Gordon T. Paul
insurance
25c
25c
representing companies
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
THE W. A. HODGINS STORE
Quebec
ton
Shawville
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
e

2274
###PAGE###2###
Introducing a weaving sont Mr. Gibbon told the wpnjten of the beginning of handicrafts ia Quebec when a ship with goods from France was captured and the women of the colony, were left without the expected reinforcement to their stqck of clothing. Spinning wheel* and looms were procured and homespuns were produced, an industry that has < been cultivated ever since.
Some of the songs, H was pointed out have a rhytimf td correspond with the modifient* of the worker as were Influe of the paddling songs of the voyag'-Still others had a definite
French-Canadian
Songs Explained
CANADIAN NURSES SERVE IN CANADIAN RED CROSS HOSPITAL
SUNDAY SCHOOL LESSON










m


Have A
Many of Them Rhythm to Correspond to the Movements Used by Pioneer Workers — Spinning, Pad-








LESSON VIII
JESUS CALLS TO PRAYER
Luke 18.
PRINTED TEXT, Luke 18: 1-14. QOLDEN TEXT—Lorb, teach us to pray. Luke 11: 1.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time.—March, A.D. 29.
Place.—Peraea.
Do wo know of anything in Christian life today more needed than a return to prayer as a great reality, a source of power apd victory. Our Lord in this lesson tells ue some of the conditions which must prevail in our hearts when we approach God in prayer, if we are to expect to have Him gladly, instantly, hear our petitions.
How To Pray
Luke 18 : 1. "And he spake » parable unto them to the end that they ought always to pray, and mot to faint;" "Faint” here means morally "to give in, let go, or give T Christ declares in effect that this is the alternative before every of us, to pray or to faint. To pray Is to have the vision clear, the virtue mighty, the victory as-eared. When a man faints In the gay of adversity, it is because a Une of communication has somehow been cut, he has become separated from his spiritual resourc-2. Saying, There was in a city a Judge, who feared not God, and regarded not man: 3. And there was a widow in that city; and she came oft unto him, saying, Avenge me of mine adversary." A widow la typical of defenselessness. This poor woman was being- beset by someone who was, the parable would Imply, without any justice whatever trying to take away her property or her small inheritance. The widow went to the judge.
The Unrighteous Judge 4. "And he would not for a while: hut afterward he said within hkn-eeM, Though I fear not God, nor regard man; I. yet because this widow troubleth me, I will avenge her, lest she wear ms out by her continual coming.” To her plea, at first meant trouble for the Judge; not to attend to It, is going to mean greater trouble. The Judge was vulnerable only on the side of his selfishness. His reason for not listening becomes a reason for listening. 8. "And the Lord said, Hear what the unrighteous Judge smith. 7. And shall not God avenge his elect, that cry to him day and might, and yet he Is long suffering ever them? 8. I say unto you, that he will avenge them speedily.” In ether words, if that unrighteous Judge, to save his own miserable life from bruising, gives in answer to importunity, is it not certain, loo, that God who is righteous will act speedily? Because we have a God quick and ready to answer every cry of the oppressed in the right way, prayer can be maintained constantly.
“Nevertheless, when the Son of n cometh, shall he find faith on the earth?” Christ rather hints here that bc/ore the lest days, faith In His promise may almost disappear bom the earth, that the world will |e more madly defiant than ever, that Hie disciples will be fewer and more discouraged than ever, juet before He comes to 'avenge Hie own elect’ and answer the cries of centuries.
dling Canoes


'
One aspect of French Canada was shown to the Overseas Fellowship meeting in Montreal last week when folk songs were sung by the Quartet Alone:te and were
interpreted by J. Murray Gibbon, who associated them with toms and events in the early history of the country. Mr. Gibbon told the audience that many of the songs had been brought to Canada centuries ago. They had
lived on because they became fitted into the domestic life of the
FITTED INTO PEOPLE’S LIFE
am

?









,
?

eus-

eurs. farm atmosphere.


«






Cigarttea manufactured ia Canada during 1939 toUfcfttf 7t-168,433,000 valued at $5%277




a...

r

062.
Private Fletcher, who received burns from an incendiarv bomb and is now being treated in the Canadian Red Cross hospital, has his hands soothed with oil by Nursing Sister Lowe of Winnipeg.
I
“Thumbs Up !" Was Accidental But to the Point
I mentioned that hawks were beneficial in controlling mice. Every farmer knows how these small creatures destroy the grain in the stook and girdle fruit trees if they get the chance. Usually they occur only in moderate numbers, probably kept in trol by the birds and animals that feed upon them. At certain times and places they become numerous enough to do great damage, mouse I
best work and if left alone will clear up the pests.
be thou merciful to mo a sinner.” The publican was as possessed .with hi# own einfulnees as the Pharisee warn pceseeeed with his own righteousness. 14. "I say unto you, This maw went down to his house justified rather than the other: for every one that exalteth himself shell be humbled; but he that humhleth himself shall be exalt- ^ ed." This publican was not without sin. He had sin. But he asked God for forgiveness and received it When God 'justifies1 a sinner.
It does not mean that that moment that man becomes in his own character a person absolutely righteous, without any sin whatever, i but it does mean that God has cleared this man of all guilt in the matter of sin.
Saving Ontario’s Natural Resources

con-
G. C. Toner,
Ontario Federation of Anglers
(No. 30)
OUR HAWKS AND OWLS
Few of our birds are more prosecuted than are the hawks and owls. Every farmer and sportsman shoots at them on sight, yet the biologists tell us that they do not, as a class, deserve the bad reputation 1 that they have. Some are distinctly beneficial to the fanner; others take poultry and game to some extent; all pay for living room by keeping the mouse - population under control. They have a place in the scheme of nature and they would be sadly missed by the bird watcher if they became extinct.
The hawks that take poultry from the farmyard are the sharp and Cooper’s hawk, though the redtall and the marsh hawk will grab the odd chicken from the fields. The red-shouldered and the broad-winged are not addicted to taking birds, as mice or other small creatures, make up a great percentage of their food. The sparrow hawk feeds mainly on insects while the osprey catches fish.



When this occurs tne feeding hawks do their



*

Form Motes . .
• W. : ;

$

¦'
Eggs Require Cool Treatment


!
The Book Shelf
m
i
m t
i
Producers in many parts of the country are observing improvements which are being made in the premises of egg dealers. These changes are being made under the new requirement of th egg grading regulations that eggs may be graded only in Registered Stations and that, for registration, they shall comply with certain specifications regarding premises and grading equipment.
These Registered Egg Grading Stations may be in pretentious or modest quarters. Some will use basement premises to meet the requirement that they must be cool during the summer months. Others, doing a larger business, are installing mechanical refrigeration. All, large or small, will help to achieve the main objective which is to stimulate the production and marketing of eggs of the best possible quality.
NOT OVER 67 DEGREES
The egg grading regulations that have been in operation since 1923 have performed a valuable service to the Canadian poultry industry by improving the quality of eggs and thereby building up a greater demand for them. Sut the highest possible quality in eggs and the greatest benefit to the industry have not yet been attained, for the simple reason that facilities for keeping eggs at the requisite coolness, particularly in hot weather have not always been avilable. Heat over 67 degress Fahrenheit has been the greatest enemy of quality in This fact is generally known and many producers have taken a deal of trouble to act up to this knowledge, only at times to sec their work undone by careless handling at grading stations.
Now, with the establishment of registered egg grading stations, eggs will be kept at the requisite coolness, that is, 67 degrees F. maximum, and thus encouragement will be given to those producers who regularly kept their eggs cool and an example tot to those who paid little attention to the matter.
mm
i

“COME WIND, COME WEATHER” By Daphne du Maurler
One of the most spectacular efforts at maintaining morale among the bomb-shattered population of Groat Britain has been the reception given Daphne DuMaurler’a little book. "Come Wind, Come Weather” which sold over 600,000 copies during the closing months of 1940. It is now being re-published in the United State* and translated into a number of foreign tongues. In Canada, Byeyion Press announce# publication of an edition to sell at .26c.
A special foreword “Word to Canada” cabled by the authoress says that the book was written for the people of Britain in the hope It would bring courage and strength to them in a flme of crisis, and concludes with an eloquent appeal to the people of the Dominion to march "shoulder to shoulder until victory is finally won.”
“Come Wind, Come Weather”
. . . by Daphne duMaurier . . . Toronto: Ryerson Press . . . 25c.
Mrs. Winston Churchill, wife of Britain’s fighting prime minister, is amused at the now-familiar “thumbs-up” gesture accidently made by a tot at the opening of a new hostel in London. The hostel, incidentally, was for lonely husbands whose wives have been evacuated from danger zones.
attend to
j SOLDIERS* FAVORITE ACTRESS j
11 Native oi Iran.
14 Rib,
16	Sanctions.
17	Repaid.
20 She is
by birth.
22 Uneasiness.
24 Mandate.
26 To recede.
_ t 27 Self.
BBBIA MS 128 To peruse. EMaIlIPL29 Maple shrub.
30 Edge.
35 To toot gently.
38 Excuse.
40 Energy.
42	Skillet.
43	Noisy quarrel.
45	Male occûpant of Eden.
46	International call for help at sea.
47	Blue grass.
48	God of love.
51	To tear stitches.
52	Yellow bugle. 55 Three-toed
sloth.
57 Musical note.
HORIZONTAL Answer to Previous Punic
1,5 Pictured vaudeville star.
10 High.
12To surrender.
13French chalk. Ëï CHARLfS
15 Assessment	B¦A1L S r\ADU/lkl
¦aianaDiHHtiaaaiiia ¦
b azzanm aaass a
n0na tanaas dhow
saaia aanaa aaaH
?a a
How Thoy Benefit Us I am not going to describe these birds for it would take too much space and my readers will find full descriptions Taverner’s a book which can be bought cheaply and which should be in every school library. It will probably be In your local public library for it is regarded as the standard work on the birds of this country.
m
HM

in P. A. “Birds of Canada”
aa
h
LE. NIT*
S LŸMÜ NlOIRIMMYWqA
?pfciiiife
ÔMSjNlA R LlSU S NIAITÎU R AlTTTS Tl
I
N
amount.
17	To dress.
18	Form of
m
O
"be.”
HBB 0 000B
19 Beverage.
21	Half an em.
22	Plural
59	Tiny vegetable.
60	Theater pathway.
42 Postscript.
23 Pointed end. 43 British
25	Ream (abbr.). Columbia.
26	During the 44 Exults. World War, 47 Saucerlike she was an
pronoun.
RADIO REPORTER
VERTICAL
vessel.
.	49 Accomplished. 1 And.
50 Part.
53	Pursued.
54	Sheep’s call.
56	Forest trees of a region.
57	To pull.
58	She is an expert imitator or
army SÎ Pique.
32	Bank clerk.
33	To subsist.
34	Made of oatmeal.
86	Measure of print.
87	North Africa. 39 Spain.
41 Drone bee.
2	Classical language.,
3	Dross.
4	Sick.
6	She-----ed
on the stage, as a child.
7	Cleanly.
8	Lazy person.
9	Southeast.
By DAVE ROBBINS
They rate Fred Allen's star theatre as the chief rival to the Benny program.
Next In order, come Information Please, Bob Hope, the Bing Crosby hour, Fibber McGee and Molly, the Philharmonic Symphony orchestra, the Monday Radio Theatre, and Charlie McCarthy In a tie for ninth with the Detroit Symphony Hour.
Quiz shows which rank high are Take It or Leave It, Truth or Consequences, the Quiz Kide, and Kay Kyser.
To Glenn Miller goes the honor et having the dance bind of the year. He finished second to Lombardo, the perennial favorite.
The poll shows that H. V. Kalien born ran Raymond Gram Swing a close race as the most popular news commentator. Other popular commentators were Lowell T homme, Rimer Davis, and Paul Sullivan.
e •	•
Recordmended: Kay Kyser’s cutting of “We’ll Meet Again” is one of the neatest things this orchestra has done in years . .. Sammy Kay's waxings of that bit about the Nightingale and Berkeley Square and “Dream Valley” are rather good . . . Leo Retain an has done a nice job on “Let's Be Buddies."
POULARITY POLL
1 The radio listeners certainly 1 know who and what they like to hear on the air lanea, and we find by the latest check-up that—Jack Benny still is the favorite comedian of the listeners on this continent The New York World Telegram's tenth annual poll shows that Benny has won the honor for the eighth consecutive year.
The listeners who participated in the poll have chosen Helen Hayes as the number one dramatic star. Guy Lombardo is their favorite band leader. Other winners In their fields are Bing Crosby and Kate Smith as singers of popular songs, Bill Stern as a sports announcer, Raymond Gram Swing as a news commentator, Arturo Tos-canninl as a conductor, Lily Pons, as a vocalist.
AIRLANE FAVORITES Irene Wicker, the singing story )edy, was picked as the best among the children's programs.
Fred Waring'» program was rated by the country’s listeners as the beet quarter-hour show.
The World-Telegram poll shows that Edgar Bergen's Charlie McCarthy show has dropped in popularity from near the top to a tie for ninth place.
Need For Humility
f. “And he spake also this parable unto certain who trusted in themselves that they were righteous, and set all others at nought." There are many people In the world qr&Ctly like those to whom Christ addresses this parable, people who think they are absolutely sufficient in	themselves,	who	believe
that because	of philanthropies, or
because	they	have a	large	payroll
and make good provision for their ployees, because they contribute #» the support of a minister, be* sense they say prayers every night, tr go to mass every morning, or lake part in all charitable undertakings, and have never killed any-e, or	ever	come	home	drunk,
that they certainly must stand well with God. These are the kind of people who, sufficient unto themselves, despise others. The word here translated “despise” means “to treat as nothing, to regard as mere ciphers.”
•ggs.
2
5
I
4
5
7
10
12
II
328
„ 14
wM
15
lb
15

18
17
19
20

r
2
22
24
21
25
28
26
29
50
31
52
55
33
54
5b
57
58
59
40
42
41
43
“Playing Hookey"
Not Intelligent
Why students play hookey has been solved by Dr. Lillian Bray Hill, psychologist. A survey of 180 truant boys and 130 nontruants, showed the hookey players were less intelligent.
44
45
4b
47
48
49
50
51
Kl
53

55
5b
54
57

59
b
Two Prayers
10. “Two men went up Into the temple to pray; the one a Pharisee, J led the other a publican." The Pharisee was a man, self-righteous, I who kept the Law in all of Its I minute detail*. The publican was limply a Jew whose profession was I that of a tax-gatherer, prone to cor- I mption and bribery. 11. “The PharIsee stood and preyed thus with himself, God, I thank thee, that 1 not as the rest of them, #x | tortloners,
eten as this publican. 12. I fait twice in the week; I give tithes of •il that I get." This really to no prayer at all—merely an utterance of self congratulation. He. does not oven thank God that he to not ss the others. 13. “But the publican, standing afar off, would not lift up much as his eyes unto heaven, but smote his breast, saying, tad,
By J. MILLAR WATT
A Classic
POP
4 * —
WHO WROTE THAT ?
/KESPÇARE-! !
u
s
>S	D *
/
4
A
â

i
5vME6S •
B
8U


unjust, adulterers, or
r~—"H w
D

?

*x
1

->

G

/
i
G

V


am


V





• Sell Cvedluu To


###PAGE###3###
Swiss Ski School , f	.	,
Opening at Jasper | { What SCldlCe j
Is Doing
Johnny Canuck Calk for More Certificates

"It DOES taste good in a pipe I"
HANDY SEAUtlGHT POUCH-1%
Vt-LB. “LOK TOP" TIN-65#
ilio packtd in Poekat Tint

*
m
m
m
"Ski fans of Canada will be interested in the fact that a Swiss ski school will be opened at Maligne l ake on March 6th, this year, and Peter Vajda, the famous Swiss ski instructor, will be in charge. He will be assisted by'Gertie Wepsaln, former Canadian Women's Champion,” according to Major Fred Brewster, noted mountain guide and outfitter of Jasper, who was in Winnipeg last week for a few days. Major Brewster stated that snow conditions in the Maligne area were perfect and many fine ski experts already had been in this winter.

tr
#
% *
wmm

ATMOSPHERIC SUN TIDES
K. G. Meldahl has published in Copenhagen a book in which he presents conclusions from studies of tides in the atmosphere of the sun, which he ascribes to gravitational disturban-produced by the planets. The planets studied were Mercury, Venus, the Earth, Jupiter and
SaturnJBI small planets, but relatively close to the sun, while the latter two
large, but at consider-The half periods

<7

>





'4
m
V,
m

4
mi
4

SUNNY, SOUTHERN ONTARIO
1
B
?v
GROWN IN
ces
im

g

»
56
Ontario City Ban# Midway# for Duration
The first three
are
m
*
bbay on the mouth is almost sure to pass the oisease on to the child.
By way of prevention, Dr. McCullough urged that children of school or pre-school age, students in secondary schools and workers bp examined periodically by a
T.B. expert.
There is no serum, vaccine or medicine that will cure tuberculosis, and patent medicines
make matter a
4
m
**
m
mâ
are very able distances, of the planets and the combination of their effects were studied with reference to positions on the sun's surface and not to space
co-ordinates, made for the rotation of the sun and the manner in which disturbances move on its surface. He reports that the tidal effects give a curve which corresponds to the curve of the sun-spot cycle. The cycle has a length of about 11.25 years which corresponds to the sun-spot cycle.
)
The Sault Ste. Marie city so-
amend-
licitor has drafted ment to the city's by-law covering shows and circuses to outlaw midways from the city for the
duration of the war.
Instructions were given the solicitor at the city council meeting when it was said that adjacent municipalities would operate with the Sault Ste. Mai ie council in keeping midways out of the district during wartime.
an
% J
&
m
m
Appeasing Demons
*•>
m
k/

â
Some of the most picturesque New Year ceremonies in the world are to be seen in Bali, Dutch East Indies, where time seems to stand still. The people are quite simple and unspoilt and their belief in demons and gods remains unchanged. On New Year’s morning the temples are decorated by the girls of the village, and women, kneeling three times, throw the sacred hibiscus blossom, which is held between their palms, to invisible gods. Then the pick of the year's coconut and banana brought to the temples for the use of the priests. Later, demons and evil spirits are appeased, and each villàge has a procession in which masks and effigies are carried. It is supposed that the evil spirits, faced by their grim counterparts, will vanish in fear during the New Year.

Allowance
was


are
•* Am
likely only to
Dr. McCullough declares;

co-
worse,
but tuberculosis may be cured ii taken in time, and the one remedy which has stood the test of time is complete rest in bed.
He urges the sanatorium as the best place for the treatment of the tuberculous patient, not only because he will receive expert and unceasing care, but because he will be no longer a danger to his family and associates.

Zebras Are Cheap

it
j How Con I?
*	BY ANNE ASHLEY

There is no market eo unstable as that for wild creatures. When a writer last visited the headquarters of a London, (Eng.) dealer he was told he could have a fme dromedary for $300, but would have to pay $2,600 for a giraffe. A Chapman's zebra was priced at $700 and a South African hunting
dog at $200.
Claw-footed frogs dolars apiece; starred lizards $10. Texas rattle-snakes — the “side winders" of Wild West stories — were $20 apiece, and a deadly Cerastes viper could be had at the same price. A Mog-ador hunting falcon, a splendid-looking bird, cost $26 but a black-
brightly
HEALTH
TOPICS
crops IS

i
Seed, Nursery Book Better Than Ever
I treat rough
Q. How can
k. " Rub plenty of almond cream into the skin just before retiring, and then slip on a pair of old loose gloves. If this is not effective, try using camphor ice
instead of the cream,
Q. How can 1 treat scratched
mahogany furniture?
A. Before polishing mahog-furniture that has been
Early Symptoms Of Tuberculosis
We have received a copy of their 1941 Seed and Nursery Book from the Dominion Seed House of
Georgetown, Ont., credit to this popular Canadian firm. It is one of the most comprehensive of its kind we have even seen and full of use and instructive information. It contains over a
illustrated, including many beautiful reproductions in full colors and. meets every demand for flower and vegetable seeds and other gardening requirements. This outstanding example of Canadian print-craft will be a boon to both professional and amateur gardenA copy will be sent promptly by the Company to anybody on request.
A pig sixteen weeks old will yield about 80 lb. of pork. If kept for another ten weeks it will provide up to 200 lbs. of bacon.
were 6
Make Sure lfal« Ms KK
rSSSo:
tired and aching feet and other conditions. _
article written for "Health", official organ of the Health League of Canada, shortly before his death last month, the late Dr. J. W. S. McCullough defines the early symptoms of tuberculosis as:
Being too easily tired,
Loss of weight,
Indigestion, and A cough that hangs on.
Pleurisy may be one of the first signs of tuberculosis in adults, as may be a spitting of blood, however slight. Nervousness, disturbed sleep and a rundown condition are all symptoms to be suspected.
The tubercle bacillus is passed from person to person in various ways, Dr. McCullough points out. The consumptive who coughs with uncovered mouth sprays the air around him with the bacilli. If he spits on the floor or sidewalk the. germs are likely to be mixed with dust and blown about for others to breathe. Bacilli may be deposited on a spoon, drinking cup, pipe or other article held in the mouth of a victim. If these are used without a thorough cleansing by a healthy person, he may contract the disease as a result.
BY WAY OF PREVENTION Unpasteurized milk, if taken from a tuberculous cow, is likely to infect the drinker. A tuberculous mother who kisses her
which is a
In an
"Auld Lang Syne,” the most famous New Year song in the world, was composed by Robert Burns in 1789 as an example of an old Scottish song. The words set to the present familiar tune about ten years later.
e
*ny
scratched rather deeply, fill in the scratches with tincture of iodine. Then apply the wax or polish and the scratches will be
practically invisible.
Q. How can I clean out a discolored vase or cruet?
A. Pour a little household
ammonia into the container and allow to stand for a while. Shake thoroughly until nil the sediment is loosened, and then rinse with warm water.	¦¦¦
Q. How can wash the bean pot, stained casserole?
A. The best method is to put a handful of borax into it, fill with hot water and allow to stand in the oven for a while. The browned parts will then wash out very easily.
Q. How can I put the cover
board more
hundred pages, profusely
were
headed manakin coloured tropical bird—was priced at only $1.25.
1
•l;
Modern
Etiquette
RECTAL SORENESS AND PILE AGONY QUICKLY RELIEVED
HAVE • YOU HEARD?
era.
BY ROBERTA LEE
I most easily
or badly I ;
1.	Should children be taught what some people call “company
A new clerk was always late, and always had a different excuse. Arriving an hour late one morning, he was greeted by the boss
with:
“Well, Brown, story this time?"
“Well sir,”
“someone the niantlepiece round to the When I came downstairs
this morning I couldn’t see myself in the looking-glass, and, naturally, I thought I’d gone to work !"
“You win!" gasped the man-
If you are troubled with itching piles or rectal soreness do not delay treatment and run the risk of letting this condition become chronic. Any Itching or soreness or painful p age of stool Is nature's warning that proper treatment should be
¦ecuied at once.	__
For this purpose get a package of Hem-Roid from your drugglet and use as directed. This Hem-Role formula which Is used Internally In the form of a small, easy to take tablet, will quickly relieve the Itching and soreness and aid in heatIng the aofe tender spots. Hem-Rola Is pleasant to use, Is highly reconor mended and It seems the height or folly for any one to risk a palnnu and chronic pile condition when suce a fine remedy may be had at
reasonable a cost
If you try Hem-Rold and are not
ÆStCd»in “s. adl'y your money.
manners"?
2.	When a hostess knows that a guest is dieting, isn’t It inconsiderate for her to insist that the guest eat sires ?
3.	Is it permissable to ask a friend to introduce you to other peopie?
4.	Isn’t it proper, when shaking hands, to hold the hand at
about chin level?
5.	Should every guest at a
wedding reception congratulate the bride and bridegroom?
6.	Isn’t it nice and thoughtful for a husband to send him wife a valentine?
what’e your
than she de-
c#
more
the reply.
was
turned the mirror on
ironing
on my smoothly?
A. Before putting on
, dampen it. Then when the dries it shrinks a little and
the
wall.
cover
cover II	III
will consequently fit smoothly.

Survived Under Ice

ager.
•~v*
o
The after dinner speaker, touching on the advantages of co-operation, said:
"Now take freckles. Think what a nice shade of tan they’d make if they would only get together."
A man entered a barber’s shop for a haircut. The barber mentioned that his client’s hair was
getting thin on top.
“Why not try a little of my wonderful hair restorer?" he urged. “It’s only a quarter.”
The customer bought a bottle. A week later he returned to the shop.
“Well," asked the barber, “how did you find the hair restorer?”
“1 left the bottle on the kitchen table, and my wife, thinking it was a new kind of furniture polish, started to use it," he said. “How much do you charge to shave a sideboard.’
—o—
While Mrs. MacPherson warn bending over the washtub, rubbing and scrubbing, there came a timid knock at the back door.
Angry at the interruption, Mrs. M. flung open the door and stood with steaming hips, eyeing a sad little pedlar.
“Did you want to see me?" she demanded.
The little man took a quick step backwards.
“Well, if 1 did," he replied meekly, "I’ve got my wish, thank
you."


1
Answers
1. No. They should be taught that good manners are for daily use in the home, office, and on the street, as well as when in the presence of company. 2. Yes. Whether the guest is dieting or not, a hostess should never urge that she eat more than she de-3. Never, unless you are sure the meeting would be a mutual pleasure. 4. No; this is af-
TUe hand should be

CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
*
Sk

sea
n
ass
r
m
LEGAL
HORSES
ELECTRIC ROTORS FOR SALE

farmers collections.	_____
700 HORSES FOR SALE OR EX-
Perc herons, Belgian», , French Canadian», Stand&rdbreda, Hack-
Horae
HLECTIUC MOTORS, NEW AND reconditioned. Jones & Moore Electric Company, 296 Adelaide St. West. Toronto. _______________________

Clydesdales Coachern, I
BreedinRestailUhment offer—100 Pedigreed Stallions for sal» or lease, 150 Pedigreed Mares, *60 Grade Horses. Write for Illustrated circular and List Stallion Bargains. Let us quote delivered price any kind of horse required. Arnold wold Farms. Grenville, Que. _
sires.
%
t
FINANCIAL
MORTGAGES UR AGREEMENTS OF sale purchased for cash, prompt attention. North Shore Realty Cm» Qshawa, Ontario.	m
HHEIMATISM SUFFERERS
GOOD RESOLUTION — EVERT sufferer of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon's Rem» edy. Munro's Drug Store. 336 Begin, Ottawa, $1.00 Postpaid.
U All Y CHICKS
faction.
slightly above the waist level.
5.	The bridegroom should be congratulated, but not the bride. One should extend best wishes for happiness to
6.	Yes. He may send one of the pictured kind or it may be candy or flowers.
Ptû
¦ •

YOU WITH
Vgood chicks barred Plymouth Rocks and S.C.W Leghorns Barron Strain. Bred to Lay Pullets one day old and older. 15 years breeding testing and hatching. Prices are reasonable. Do it now and write for circular with price». J. D. Johnson, Fergus, Ont.

1


W4*
the bride.
KNITTING MACHINES
KNITTING MACHINES FOR SALE for special offer prices, with quantity of free wool. Start now earning money at home and making socks for soldiers, sailors and airmen. Trade In your old machine on a new on cash allowance made. Auto Knitters Limited. Dept 144. 637 Davenport Road, Toronto.

> m

BUY URQUHARTSTRAIN BARRED Rock chicks direct. Superb layers of large eggs. Winner of three egg-laying contests. Angus Urqu-hart, Greenfield, Ontario.

X
RELIGIOUS_________
ELIJAH COMING BEFORE CHEfA wonderful book sent free. Megldd# Mission, H., Rochester, New York.
SALESMAN WANTED
SAIJBSMAN WANTED WITH CA» to sell to stores, Ladies' House Dresses and Men's Working cloth, es, on commission basis. Cash bona required to cover cost of samples. Exclusive -territory given. State age experience references. Write P.O. Box 143, Montreal.
generous


Canada's best customer in 1940 the United Kingdom, which
YEAR AFTER YEAR THE SAME Bray customers order Bray Chicks. Ordered now, Bray Chicks catch the better markets. Looks like a good poultry year. Chicks, started chicks, 3-4 week capons. Order March chicks now. Start right-— buv Bray. Bray Hatchery, 140 John North. Hamilton. Ont.
WH3
purchased Canadian commodities valued at $508,055,000 as compared with $328,099.000 in 1939.
ice after Truman
Pulled under river
a dam,
MEDICAL
Thousands praising It Munro e Drug Store, 335 Elgin, Ottawa, 11.00 Postpaid.
falling from Wood, 6G, of Napanee, Ont., travelled many feet through the icy water then bobbed up through a small hole hardly large enough to permit his escape. He was pulled out by fellow-workers and after recovering his breath walk-home without any apparent
ill-effects.
HI YI SAKE
^ WHEin
?
BAKERY EQUIPMENT_________
BAKERS' OVENS AND MACH1N-• ry, also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms pranged. . Correspondence Invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co.*, 103 Bathurst St., Toronto.________________
hands on
OFFER TO INVENTORS ________
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and fjill Information sent free. The Ramsay Co., Registered, Patent Attorneys. _ Bank Street. Ottawa. Canada.


roue
V
SALESMEN WANTED
INCREASE YOUR INCOME-SELL-lng 200 Familox products: toilet articles, medicines, essences, spikes, cleaners, etc. Each home represents a customer. Money refunded if products returned for failure, FAM1LEX, 670 St Clement, Montreal.	_____ -
JAIN AID'S

tid
273
y
>• —
Silent Mountain Guide Objects
To “Argument"

HELP WANTED — FEMALE

SOLDIERS
«US OUI TIRED ACHE,
CHEESE MAKER

YOUTH
DOMINION-PROVINCIAL
Training offer, free domestic service course to young women between sixteen and thirty years of age. For further Information apply in writing to Supervisor, Home Service Training School, Dept, of Labor. Parliament Buildings, Toronto.	_______________
FOR SEASON
CHEESE MAKER
1941, with certificate for Quebec. For full particulars—write, H. H. last, Hollands Mills. QuebecJ__
DETECTIVES
“I’m afraid 1 can’t afford a new hat.”
“No?”
“No, 1 guess I’ll have to talk through the old one for another season.”

SEED FOll MALE______
°Nwit^lnHNostI62B and*646,^4 tv $6.00 delivered: Registered 2 generation Urban, Alaak.i, van* guard outs $1.26 mid $1.00, DIF bags; treated. Inn Maynard, Chatham.	____________
3
Granby Que., Kiwauians laughed at this one when told by A. A Gardiner, Assistant General Passenger Traffic Manager, of the Canadian National Railways,
Canadian Hu-
[LlHiMt.Nl
DETECTIVE OR SEC-
BECOME A
Montreal.	-
MEDICAL
LADIES—IF DELAYED, PAINFUL Irregular periods worry you take Fem-a-Tone, the prompt effective relief. Relieve yourself of worry, unnecessary suffering. Bottle $2. postpaid. International Distributors, Box 102, Dept. W., Toronto.
F A KM FUR SALE_
•sh.ssr ssvbk
sssr«
Large House, Bank Barn, . ilo,
rose, HO.. Ontario.__
IOUT SUFFERER*
FOOT COMFORT. QUICK Home treatment (four
CTKu&'lrCr&.K-
Nervous Restless
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
during a talk
A Rocky Mountain guide
un
116
mor.
at the outset of a three day outing warned hia companion that he did not like discussions. The first day was silent. On the second day, the guide remarked “Spring’s coming; them’s geese.” “Not ducks?” enquired the visitor. Next day the guide placed his charge in care of another guide saying “'(here's been too much argument.”
Easy Way to Relieve
— New
i* it i:it (Jl l/l mu-row Ml-UNIT*. H/dreelle Wine he*. Ueaerat Megnelue.
— Eachs
__	SallefaclloB or
Levy Aula Parla. DepL J.
RHEUMATIC
Used
SS* I I Cranky? Be.tle»»? .	„ IZirlC 1 Can t sleep? Tire
Aches and Pains	||ll IV ¦ easily? Annoyed by fe-
3HLS,=
a generous offer you can Bet Aliert | vffLL WORTH TRYING I
to Ignore.
siren a i.i zing tors.
M • I e I e
TRY IMPERIAL
TBffiSpi
/. Toronto:
Itadlatore
HI
ENJOY
results.
ISSUE &-'41

###PAGE###4###
/\/\S\/\/\/\f\/\S\/\f \,f

ZLQA
y/l/'/
Hodgins Garage
thing in the hospital was running viry smoothly.
When an emergency call, such as tins one is received in the middle of the
Shawville, Feb.27tn, 1941 night at the overseas headquarters of
the Canadian Bed Cww Society, trucks hurry out with supplies at a moment’s notice. It is difficult to trace what happens to donations from Canada, however, reports and letters eventually find their way hack to the head office. The following letter from a Red Cross worker in Coventry was written to the London headquarters following
It was not the ruins of
THE EQUITY

FLOUR
Buick,' Oldsmobile, Service
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXH
Créant of the West, 981b. bag, $ 3.00 Castle, per 98 lb. bag Golden West, per 98 lb. bag
Nelson, per 98 lb. bag Winnipeg, per 98 lb. bag
Chevrolet
Sales
?
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
S
2.75
February 18th, 1941
x

X

Clarendon School Board met on the
Chairman Hod-
2.65
\

FOR SALE
above date. Present gins, and a full board of commissioners.
The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed on motion of Lomr. \v 11 soil.
Motion by Comr. Hobbs : that we advertize for teachers for the elementary grades of the schools under our jurisdiction. Applications are to be in hands of the secretary, by March
14th, 1941.—Carried.
The school term is from September
1st 1941 to June 30th, 1942,
Motion by Comr. Wilson that the Chairman and Cotnmr. Hobbs infertile principal in connection with religous instructions in the Shawville High School, by the Clergy of the village and further that he draw up a suggested schedule of visits and submit
it to the board.—Carried.
Tenders for the proposed new schools
in No. 10 and 13 districts were opened and discussed.
Motion by Comr. Wilson that the tender of Mr. Percy Belsher to complete the school in No. 10 district, according to the plan and specification from the Department of Education for the sum of $2,200 be accepted and also that the lender of Mr. Herbert Wilson, to complete the school in No. 13 district, according to the plan and specification of the Department of Education, less the furnace, be accepted for the sum of $ 2, 495 00 and that the contractors be asked to attend a meeting to sign the contracts when the said meeting is called by the
board.	_	.	,	,
A letter from Dr. Percival was lead
asking that medical inspection be introduced in the schools, and asking that he
estimate of the probable that he could recommend a
The secretary
X
lhe bombing , tbe centre of the town or even of the
cathedral, that told the most pathetic story in this Midhind town, but rows of new homes of white stucco th.it had
been left with their red tiles all awry, their windows out and their ceilings . The red brick houses thaï were shells and the apartments that heaps of tangled steel, loose bricks
and powdered plaster.
h There was nowhere to sleep, suddenly a town was homeless and bed less. Within twenty-four hours, trucks from London took up 2,000 blankets and quilts. These were distributed to men
and women, who each day went back to see what could be done with their houses, but who each evening sought refuge elsewhere.
I went with a busload from r>u mi ogham to Coventry, while tbe ruins w-ere still smoking. But as we drove that forty minutes along a modern concrete highway you could never know by their appearance or conversation, that this group of iieople in any way differed from thousands of other busloads who were not going back to find out that all they owned in the world was what they
had on.
"When temporary office, after tern porary office was bombed, and workers did not kuow where to turn, women volunteers under the Councillors dir* action drove through the bombing, from plucL' to place, re assembling and giving new orders. Next day without ’phones, light or water, the relief centre was carried on and it was from there that the Canadian Red Cross supplies were given out. “
y
\
2.60

\
2.50
ELECTRIC MOTOR
à
Parkinson Electric Motor, 35 h p.» 3 phase, r. p. m 1,160, 550 volt, starting compensator, and two transformers. The above motor is in
idition and will be sold at a bargain.
down
mere
were
There is every possibility that an increase in the Wheat Processing Tax will result in much higher priced flour. You will make no mistake in buying your requirements at the above prices.
the
perfect con
RENFREW WASHING MACHINE
Renfrew Washing Machine, hand operated, including clothes wringer.
CLYDESDALE COLTS
Pair of Clydesdale Geldings, two and three years old, well matched, will be very heavy.
USED CARS
One 1937 Chevrolet Sedan Two 1938 Chevrolet Sedans One 1939 Chevrolet Sedan -
\
view
x
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., RED’D-
x
DE LAVAL SEPARATORS
J. L. HODG1N8
X
X
X
x
jbjgert equaled!
Phone 64-J.
x
have never
M
iE582Q8aaODBQ5QB8aQBi5QaBaBeaBBaDB3nGE2EaOE88DE3BBQBeC^;^''2,5BBi55i,36
3
be given an cost, so l_ .
grant for this purpose	.
was instructed to inform Dr. 1 ercival | ry;J^cl8 ana Shrimps Are that this board not being able to arrive at the probable cost of such an under taking, would hold a special meeting, having the doctors of the village pre- coin in Southport, N. C., a fishing sent to see if suitable arrangements village. It is not at all unusual for j could be made, and arrive at the pro-1 a merchant to sell a basket-full of
groceries, or a dress or a pair of shoes, and be paid with a handful of nickels. Some of the town’s leading business men take water buckets full of nickels to their offices
\v
E

j#
NEW STREAMLINED 50Wl/ ADJUSTABLE PAIL SHELF gggg
Buy
Tops in Fishing Village
3
War Savings
Certificates
The nickel is a ‘most important

EASIEST TURNING
HAND o* moto* drive
bable cort.
.The meeting was then adjourned
INSTANT CRAMC CLUTCH

J. A Dean, Sec.-Treas
Cemetery Memorials
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble

every morning.
Southport, a picturesque town at the mouth of the Cape Fear river in southeastern North Carolina, is an important shrimp port. There is little unemployment here and if The food situation grows steadily I the income average is not high, dire worse in Norway. The huge German need is practically unknown. Yet army of occupation (estimated at more many of the workers of Southport than 300,000 men) continues to re- are paid a nickel at a time, .luisition meat, eggs and other foods. The shrimp boats leave Southport and the Norwegian puppet-Naxis have at dawn to drag their nets around first pick. Shortage of meat has become the mouth of the river. Early in the acute, particularly in Oslo where but- afternoon they return, each going to cher shops are closed for the great part the shrimp packing house with of the week. Long lines of weary which its crew does business. As housewives form in front of food stores | the boats come in sight the Negro several hours before they open. If luck pickers, most of whom do other is with them, they obtain half a pound work in the morning, hurry to the chopped meat or a small piece of sausage, docks and by two o’clock the shrimp The supply of flour is rapidly .decreasing houses are full. Men, women and Bread is made with so many, ingredients even a few children line up on either that it tastes like cardboard Produc side of the big troughs into which tion is down 23 per cent. Dairies re- the shrimp are dumped. Each one
port a 55 per cent decrease in the produc- grabs a bucket and the peeling
tion ot butter	begins. As soon as a bucket is filled
" Accideuts •• have so often broken the picker takes it to a checker who the power lines to German airports in pays off in nickels immediately on Western Norway that the Nazis have the basis of the quantity of shrimp resorted to wholesale fining of comma picked. Then back to the troughs nities nearest the scene of sabotage. tfoes the picker-unless he happens The city of Trondheim was recently have as many nickels as he wants fined 60,000 crowns because an uniden- tor that day—while the shrimp are
XZtü1” "id “ "* 011KS* Z,7V,°:% MSS
* and eastern markets. A good picker can earn as much as two dollars during a short afternoon.
*525*

Food Shortage
Grows in Norway

n urn
DE LAVAL JUNIOR
smuts
Her# is » quality De Laval made, lew priced separator. Will give the same service for which De Laval Separators are
famTf wiri chare*)wSd%ith or without bases.
Get Our Prices Before Buying Elsewhere
A large and distinctive Stock to choose from
Phone, 278
demonstration.
DC LAVAL WORLD'S STANDARD SERIES
The beat separators ever made in the 62 yew of De Laval’s leadership. Cleanest skimming, easiest turning longest lasting separator had. Four sues, hand or
ft



:5V
1
and

c
to be electric drives.
\ %
geo. h. FROATS & SONS
248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
CLIFFORD CONE,
Shawville
Quebec
Phone 36



#


Certified Chicks Shawville Co-operative Hatchery
ORLA YOUNG, Manager Phone 97,

#


Stavangar had to pay a levy of 50,000 crowns for afpnwer failure’ in the town.
All seven bishops of the State Church of Norway have signed a document addressed to Acting Minister ltagnar Skancke of the Department of Church and Education in which they indict

Shawville, Que.

Ragweed Pollen Anywhere I
Ragweed pollen throughout the
.	.	..our.try in an average season would
the present regime m Oslo, accusing form a cone j.035 feet around the
the puppet authorities of openly on- base and 345 feet high, but the
coil raging acts of violence and contempt catch is lhat the pollen can never
for the law.	be collected and the sneeze epidemic
will go right on.
A recent research by a Chicago i laboratory and the United States j weather bureau disclosed that the highest percentage of pollen was found in Indianapolis, Ind., and PeA Montreal medical unit in Great oria, 111., with Seattle, Sacramento, Britain is receiving the thanks of the Miami, Reno and 1 ortland, Ore.,
fathers and mothers of Birmingham and witil	zer£*u. But
vicinity for the promptness with which according to O. C. Durham, Chicago
it took over the task of caring for a large botanist, pollen can be carried al-
number of babies under the recent bom m°st anywhere by high wind, bardmeot	Air pollen density, according to
SSffisrrS
prepired the beds for the children.
Under the cover of darkness the in faots were bought to the half*finished jicspital by bus and ambulance. They ^ame by different routes to avoid being a bombing target and as soon as the
PPPPj mmm
clothing and night clothes. Within a few hours all these necessities had been sent
ÜS
m
All flocks are blood tested and under the Quebec Gov. Inspection (Standard Method.)
Eggs must weigh at least two
Our chicks are issued from vigorous birds of standard size and selected for egg production.

i
Z
?
ounces.
Plant CANADIAN
Canadian Red Cross Qoekec Division
CERTIFIED SEED
fOOD seed is the first requirement for an excellent crop ; . . because only good seed will grow vigorous and productive plants.
Canadian Certified Seed Potatoes are good seed potatoes. By planting them, higher-quality, cleaner, smoother, more uniform potatoes than those grown from ordinary seed stock will be produced.
So, this season, to harvest finer potatoes them, plant Canadian Certified Seed.
Be sure to select the variety most suitable for your locality. Ask the District Government Inspector, Plant Protection Division, for full information and list of nearest distributors.
BREEDS
Barred Plymouth Hock — White Leghorn
Mew Hampshire
Chicks will be available on the
following dates :
and more of
$ 12 00 per 100
12 00
11 00 “ “ 10 00 " “
0 OO
8 00 “ “ 8 00 •* “
March-24, 27, 31	.............
April-3, 7, 10, 14, 17, 21, 24, 28
May-1, 5, 8. 12, 13, ...........
11), 22, 20, 29............
Jane—2, 5, 9, 12, 10,.............
19, 23, 20, 30 .............
it
Stricter Border Rules Enforced •
American tourists leaving the United States for short or extended trips into Canada or Mexico, are advised by the National Automobile
Look for thu certiticitwrt tig on the big or container
—the only way ofoelng wire of getting Canadian Cert*' lied Seed Poutoer
_	Extmtm d
care/ally
INSPECTOR FOR
PROVINCE OF QUEBEC
Décria Inape, tor. Seed Puutn Orciàmtmn Poat Ofice Building, Ste. Anne dc la Poca (1ère, P.Q.
J aly
For White Leghorn#. $1.00 less per hundred
°©5§s
»
Marketing Service ¦
DOMINION DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE, OTTAWA
Honourable James G. Gardiner,
M mister.
»
R.O.P. Cockerels used in Barred Plymouth Rock
and White Leghorn Breeding Pens
Started Chicks For Sale
>recaution. Aliens should carry heir passport or if naturalized, their
'itithin

190
and byioooo the next day every
a


###PAGE###5###
un
Service Announcement
Shaw ville United Chvrch Rev A. F. Foxes B. A., B.D. PAstor
Sunday, March 2nd
11.00 a.m.—Service at Shaw ville 1 30 p.m.—Service at Zion.
3.00 p m.—Service at Stark’s Corners Sermon subject :—
“ Churchill’s spiritual message to General Waveli ”
7.30 p. m—Service at Shaw ville
Special feature : Moving picture “ JhtraLbas ” in two reels with brief introductory by the Pastor. Singing of Gospel Hymns from the screen.
Footwear Fashions
The Equity
’
BH»bllehed I8S3
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY AT
SHAWV1LLE, QUEBEC
For Spring and Summer
r
1941
annual, subscription
$1.50

Anywhere in Canada To United States.
9
• #
w

2.00
A
'/¦A
m

&
IF. 4^,
\
All arrears must he paid In full before any paper is discontinued
•s'
il

Stylish Gore Pumps
How trim your feet will look in these side-gore pumps ! The very lastest fashions for Spring, Black suede and patent leather, $2.25
Comfortable Walking Ties
There is style as well as oomfort in these stunning walking ties for women and growing girls, Rust and black $1.98
Girls’ Sport Oxfords
Growing girls’brown sport oxfords “Zuyder Zee” last is emphasized in these smart ties, $1.98
Fancy Suede Oxfords
Women’s and growing girls’ fancy suede fords. Black, blue, brown. A comfortable shoe for school girls, $2.25
X

¦là

W. O.COWAN, PUBLISHER
i


>
a#

#

Bristol United Church Rev C. Armstrong-Sai.is B, D. Sunday, March 2nd
1100 a. m—St Andrew’s service, followed by Sunday School.
Sermon Subject :
“ Things that are indestructible ”
fi

vood Voice, Vocabulary
Important for Success
The attractive young men and women who guided visitors around the New York World’s fair were selected for those positions because they possess good voices and well-rounded vocabularies. Looks and physique were taken into consideration, but after every other hurdle passed, voice and vocabulary
K
WmsmSm
^¦perhaps you have wondered many times as you have lifted a heavy pail of milk shoulder-high to pour it into your Separator tank.
If your Separator is a Renfrew you have never ai the matter a thought foi a Renfrew "up" is 39# inches from the floor. This is one reason why women prefer a Renfrew. This— and ease of operation, perfect skimming, absolute cleanliness and absence of surface oil.
Quality the highest — price the lowest, quality considered. Capacities 400 lbs., 600 lbs., 800 lbs. and 1000 lbs., per hour.
• • • •
e
i




IP!
2.30 p. m. — Service at Austin



Sermon Subject ,
“ Our Faith as a Canadian People
ven
was
decided the issue.
Voice and vocabulary are growing and more important in our
With everything
s
r on
OX-
%






more
everyday lives, else equal, isn't it more pleasant to do business with a person who lias a pleasing voice and a varied vocabulary? Business firms are beginning to recognize the fact that everyone in their employ is a part of their business setup and represents the firm. They realize that if there are people with pleasing personalities available, it is to the firms' advantage to hire them.
According to a survey .conducted by the Carnegie Institute of Technology, personality has more to do with business success than superior knowledge.
SHBli
1

%
ANGLICAN St Paul's ,
Sunday. March 2nd
8.00	a. m. Holy Communion
10.00 a.m.— Sunday School
11.00	a.m. Holy Com mu ni jn 7.30 pm.—Evening Prayer
m


m
Dr. Click*a Kid Oxford

VV.'v


Dr, Click's kid oxford in three widths. These shoes are “worn
with a smile*' $2.50

See the Renfrew man in
Stylish Ties
Stylish suede and patent ties, Cuban and high heels. $1,98 up.
your neighborhood. He
is responsible to
RANGES . HEATERS WASH -RITES - TRUCK SCALES INCUBATORS
Renfrew product he sell» you — and • tend behind him in this responsibility.
Holy Trinity
Strap Slippers
Misses’ black patent strap slippers. $1,35 to $1.49
Zuyder Zee Oxfords
Misses black and rust Zuyder Zee style oxfords, $1.49 to $1.75
SEPARATORS
Service withdrawn St. Luke’s
2.00 p. m. Holy Communion.
A service will be held on Friday evening, Feb. 28th, at the home of Mr and Mrs. Harry Earles at 8.00 p. m. All arc welcome !
Any observing person that by looking over the
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED RENFREW ONT.
ST. JOHNS P.Q.
can see
personnel of the average organization.
You may possess college degrees and superior knowledge, but if you unable to express yourself, you ore at a decided disadvantage. You _-;j learn to express yourself intelligently. You can overcome speech defects. No one can do these things
You must make up your
REGINA 5ASK.
SUSSEX N.B.

LEO. R. KEON
Men’s Oxfords
Quality !
arc
can
DISTliICI REPRESENTATIVE
Quebec
Style !
North Clarendon Parish
Rev. K. (’. Bolton, B A., L.Tn.
Sunday, March 2nd St. Stephen’s Church, Greer Mount
Evening Prayer ...
St. Georg *a Church,* Ladysmith
Holy Communion, 10.30
Sr. Matthew’s Church, Charteris Evening Prayer
McKee
for you.
mind to overcome them, outline a plan, and stick to it just as religiously as you partake of your daily food.
Smart Shoes for Young Men
A fine selection of right up to the minute
shoes for the smart young dresser, $3.50 to $4.50
Special price $2.00 Black calf Balmoral Oxfords, $4.50 to $5.50
ï


ztziz tyv iz!x: / z /p* ///
1
.	2.30
1 The Hodgins Lumber Go.
Men’s black oxfords,

Don't Be Ugly Duckling
There is no such thing as a homely beauty experts have said
1
woman,
time and again, and to prove their
expert cites the case of
case, one i Barbara Lorre of Los Angeles, who in six weeks was transformed from an “ugly duckling beauty.
I She enrolled in a corresponding beauty school which specializes in teaching women to make themselves over from head to foot. Miss Lorre, an actress by profession, decided ‘that unless she lost weight and improved her appearance, chances for stage and night club success might be endangered, despite her really good voice. For a year, she says she was refused stage and night club work and 'finally realized that she was greatly overweight, awkward and not the least good looking, t So she went to work in earnest. She now weighs 13 pounds less, has perfect posture, wears her hair becomingly, knows how to care for her skin properly and apply makeup artistically. Being perfectly groomed
and self-confidence
Bargain Table
7.00

to a svelte
t •
A table of clearing lines. Women s straps and oxfords. If your size is here, extra good value at $1.49 per pair.
We are now delivering
MILL WOOD
Place your order
at once
FOR SALE
I
t
\
X
\
I Black work mare, rising 9 years ;
1 pair Clydesdale gelding foals, matched 1 pure bred Yorkshire hog 5 pure bred Holstein bull calves.

\
\
GROCERIES
X
Apply, to
ARTHUR KILGOUR,
Shawville, Qne,
lie
x
Falcon Standard Tomatoes.....
(J-. M. Choice Tomatoes, two for
Dewkist Fancy Tomatoes ......
Fancy "Butter Cream” Soda Biscuits 1 lb 14c Special Assorted Candies, per pound
Peanut Crush, large jar.........-
Macaroni, per pound..............
25c
Phone 11—19,
15c
Phone 27

\
X

WANTED
x
X
15c
X
THE HOGGINS LUMBER COMPANY
25c
X
Elm and Hardwood Plank for Mines in Northern Ontario. For prices and specifications apply to
05c
Quebec
Shawville,
x
gives poise which she lacked before.
And the course only took two hours a day of her time. She insists that time never was so well
X
FISH FOR LENT
HARRY O'CONNOR,
Ï
r/y / / //TV /////// / / / /
Box 47, Egan ville, Ont.
Phone 77.
Gold Byes, Filletts,	Smelts,
Haddock, Cod
Salmon,
je pent.
Improved Vision Shows
Better Safety Records
Business organizations throughout the country are learning that higher visual standards of workers result in improved efficiency and better safety records, according to the Better Vision institute. A company using a large number of motor trucks had 17 accidents during IVi years. One of its drivers was involved in three accidents during that period. Then the company conducted eye examinations of all drivers, requiring men with visual defects to have them corrected. During the next year and one-half period accidents dropped down to only two. The driver who had three accidents during the first period was found in the eye tests to have a serious defect in vision. This was corrected, and during the second period he had a perfect record with no accidents.
Another company which was spending an average of $12.50 per worker annually in medical attention and compensation conducted a visual survey of its workers. Defective eyes were brought up to standard and goggles were provided for use in those tasks with unusual visual hazards. The program was backed up with a safety educational campaign. Annual compensation and medical costs have dropped to $1.96 per worker.
A third company has reduced accidents by two-thirds through .eye examinations, improved lighting, painting of wails and machinery to improve seeing conditions, and other safety, activities. Since the program was inaugurated no lost-time accidents have occurred in the plant n 1,100,000 consecutive man-hdlirs >f employment.
Herrings,

Murderers Not Pur s ed
tl.v v< at
»n

At certain periods the hot plains arid docit> »»t
south ¦MBria
MacLean’s
• •
( »
r>s

/

/
America Minor, ti r h t'» *
I it d.«
j h.ffi v ‘’ 1 i-v !..	Cl S
f
"1 /
RED & WHITE STORE
1

Ji
• on ' :
are so m i
who con iv. durmy i?hcd

% 1 I
rf li vs
# i *
I s
• •
“The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves

22c
Macaroni, ready cut, four pounds......
Peanut Blotter, bulk, two pounds......
Clark’s Soup, four tins ..............
Clover Leaf Salmon, pink, per tin ....
Aylmer Tomatoes, large tin, 2 for ....
Coffee, Aurora, fresh ground, per pound
Orange Marmalade, 32 oz. jar .........
Prunes, 60-70 size, 2 pounds..........
White Beans, five pounds .............
Raisins, bulk. 2 pounds...............
Libby’s Tomato Juice, 3 tins .........
Apples, goôd cooking, 6 pounds,.......
Wampoles
Extract
Cod Liver
Builds
Strong
Healthy
Bodies
(No Oil)
27c
SAVINGS and THRIFT
29c
20c
REAL SAVINGS are the excess of earnings over expenditures.
BY SAVING NOW you build present security and make provision for future needs when your earnings may be lower.
THRIFT Is a symbol of responsibility.
For your convenience there is a SAVINGS DEPARTMENT at each of our branches in Canada.
Knew Yew Bank—it can be helpful to you.
25c
'
39c
27c
21c
25c
25c
27 c
of
The
»,
25c
»,
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and CentreSta
IHAWVILLE
OVit A CINTUIY OF BANKINO UMIItNCI
1ST. I SSI
QUE.
I

(
###PAGE###6###
not stopped in time, come to terms with Japan. Stories of Chianti falling-out with hie Communist armies came from
other quarters.
“The clique of Chinese generals who hate and fear their Communist allies have gained a victory in the forcible disbanding of the Fourth Route Army. But it is no victory for China. What has kept the Communists fighting for Chiang is the fact that they fear Japan more than they fear Chiang Kai-shek. If Japan (or Russia) could convince the Communists that they have less to fear from Japan (or Russia) than from Chiang Kai-shek, China's jig would be up."
eastern stronghold. Singa-— in which direction the
ain's pore
Japs were undoubtedly inching. The Phillippines were also menaced. At the same time a little farther north, the Japanese began a drive against China a(ter
effecting a surprise landing on the coast of Kwangtung Province. They hoped shortly to cut off the route over which large quantities of Chinese war supplies had beep moving from Hong Kong to the interior.
Acute dissension was known to be raging within the ranks of China’s
Snow noted authority on China, writing in New York’s “PM” told
of calamitous events happening behind the Chinese front, declared that the “appeasers" with Chiang-kai-Shek were fast gaining the upper hand, might, if
Japan and Canada
United States' entry into the now viewed as a strong pos-
put a curb on the President’s impulsiveness, by passing a number of restrictive amendments.
Aid More Immediate
All sorts of rumors were current last week as to the President’s plans for provision of immediate aid to Britain. Final passage of the “Lease-Lend" bill early in March would mean that merchant ships, bombing planes, tanks and infantry rifles would be transferred to Britain as soon as possible. But in the meantime, it was expected that the
President would do something more spectacular, following Wendell Willkie’s recommendations— trade American destroyers for British battleships; or destroyers ' for land bases in the Pacific. (The Bill does not prohibit provision of American ships in British convoys).
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events
war,	wmmajj/m
sibility, would also mean Japan’s, according to the terms of the Tripartite Pact signed last year by Germany Italy and Japan. A new front in the second world war would be opened up in the Pacific, — with Canada’s west coast as a springboard for attack and a new area to be defended. The war would be brought much closer to Canadians.
“Time" aaidt
Plans Declared Complete For Canada-U. S. Defence
new
United States House of Representatives last week passed the momentous empowering President Roosevelt to lease, lend or otherwise transfer the sinews of war to embattled Britain and other nations
whose defence he should deem vital to the defence of the United States. The bill was not expected to fare so well in the Senate where the legislators, it was thought, were more anxious to
the
“Complete plan» f defence of Canada and the United States are now in exMay or F. H. La
“Lease-Lend" bill,
Inching Southward
A hint to “watch Japan" was thrown out, in London last week, by informed diplomatic observers
surveying Tokyo's activities in connection with the Thailand-In-do-China dispute, troops were reported to be ready to land at Saigon, French IndoChina, only 648 miles from Brit-
m Ltence.”
Guardia of New York City»
Chairman U S -Canada joint
defence commission.
Committed by their Prime Minister Mackenzie King to an all-out war effort, Canadians last week saw gigantic preparations being made in the capital to step up the training of young men for the army, navy and air force; and to speed the manufacturing of mountains of war material for Britain. In more detail, the 1941 objective of the Dominion Government’s military plans were: 1. To provide 26 Canadian air squadrons for overseas service, graduates of the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan; 2. To increase the present strength of men in the air training plan to double what it was in 1940; 3. To increase the Canadian Navy to double its present number of ships; 4. To manufacture destroyers and long-range bombers and concentrate <m producing weapons not obtainable in the United States; 5. To send
the Third Canadian Di-
war leaders. Edgar
He
Japanese
“A nation does not have to be invaded in order to lose a war/’ / —Dorothy Thompson.

a <s> ® o
a $ © a
o o o

¦¦¦











Ê0



overseas
vision now training in Canada with complement of corps troops for the three divisions, an army tank brigade and a Canadian armoured division; 6. To recruit for the active army 40,000 to 80,000 men; 7. To put 200,000 additional men and women to work in war industries; 8. Diversion of a great part of Canada's peace-time industry to war production.

%
%
F






%

/
z


%

%
%
%
The Canadian Army
Pointing towards these objectives, the compulsory military training period for young men of 21 was extended from 30 days to 4 months. (First period to begin March 20 6,500 to oe called up each month). And every reserve militia unit in Canada, except the ones with battalions already abroad, was notified by defence authorities that it must prepare for mobilization for overseas service.
0

w
z

//
from 6,000 to
Z
*SF*
r/
«

THE MARQUIS OF LORNE, K.T., G.C.M.G. GOVERNOR GENERAL OF CANADA/1878-1883
i

%
i
i
%
4
/J
mm
%

©®	&<3®
Legislators Reconvene
All these projects jjj| H they were going to be paid for—r occupied the minds of our members of parliament this week as they gathered once again in the

and how
V
rr

*

M
A
'X
A Charter was signed
mi
.i
j§
M «



Goes to Brazil
V
t >sV
m

«

7

zl


On February IS, 1SI1, the Marquis of Lome, then Oovernor-Oeneral ef Canada, signed the charter of the Canadian Pacific Railway. That signature censummoted the vision of great Canadian statesmen Jehn A. Macdonald, D'Arcy McGee, Sir Georges-Bienne Cartier, and Sir Charles Tuppar—that the new Dominion of Canada should be linked from Atlantic to Pacific by a trans-continental railway—and implemented the pledge under which British Columbia entered Confederation.
3
x
m



Sir

: 4






V



: 2


and Empire solidarity ... for
Se began a new era in Canadian unity the Railway expanded into a system spanning two oceans and linking
a proud responsibility
• • •




t
three continents. Today — as In 1914-18 rests on our transportation end communication systems — railway, steamships, freight, express, telegraphs and engineering shops. Canadian Pacific officers and employees everywhere are co-operating

à
Jean Dcsy, former Canadian minister to Belgium and Netherlands, is being’ named to the newly-created post of Canadian minister to Brazil.
the
VICTORY.
towards the common goal
— each" in his own field —
When that goal is reached due, in no small measure, la Canada's contribution, and to the
vision and foresight of the men who, sixty years ago, planned the construction of the first Canadian trans-continental railway.
e # #
this will be
atid H will be reached

L
Dominion House of Commons, and in the Ontario Legislature. The session at Ottawa was expected to last through till May, or maybe later ; the session at Toronto, it was forecast,, would be “long in debate and short in contentious legislation."
Canada the Pivot In an address at the University of Toronto last week, Professor R A. MacKay of Dalbousie University, Halifax, declared that Canada was taking the place of France in world strategy and had become the pivot “around which the present world war was being staged." Further, he said, Canada had become Britain's second partner in the war against Germany and the principal partner ot the Unitea States in defence
Hemisphere, with both
2*
n
m

rmm




#


VA

à
i
/
A
1


* A
m
1
#

EMPIRE
LINK OF
1
*
M
m

is
ft
14
mi
* *
w
*
3+
y
O
JMP V %

i

•f the Western “We are allied now Britain and tho United States .
Corroborating this statement Mayor Fiorello La Guardia of New York City, Chairman of the Joint U.S.-Canada defence commission told the United States Senate Foreign Relation* Committee that “complete plans “for Joint defence of Canada and the Baited States are now in existence. These plena, he said, cm-(paced tactics, questions of territory and co-ordination of fore-
¦

me
####* r e • 1
I



r



t


¦T
• » *
*
#	4*
I #

». T
âms**
HOTILI • COMMUNICATIONS
SHOPS
STEAMSHIPS •
RAILWAY
Bill Passe# U.S. Hsus#
By a rote of 260 to 165, the

###PAGE###7###
—4* -
"Jimmy 1” she exclaimed. "What are you doing up here? Where's my brother?"
“Oh—then you got word he's I was just coming up to He’s downstairs.
— you take him to If I went with you, ycu

Pledge for War Savings

here? tell you. look Mary lunch.
two couldn’t talk about me.”

U4
A
And,


FF



à
A
\
i

“Anything I've got to say on that subject, you can hear,” she said proudly.
“But your brother might think there were more important subjects,” he smiled. “And besides— I'm not a member of the Lament family yet.’
“You’ve got a lot of seise, young man,” she said affectionately. “Did Douglas tell you why he's in New York?”
THE ENGAGEMENT RING
“You let him tell you,” he replied. “Mary, you always spoke of Douglas as a nice sort of — well—average, quiet young man. But he seems much more than that. Why, he's forceful, intelligent, and quite shrewd.”
“That's love for you,” sighed Mary. “Even the girl’s brother is wonderful 1”
Jimmy laughed, dinner with me tonight?”
“Okay, Doctor.” She rang the elevator bell, then swung about and stretched out her left hand, palm up. “Alright, Jimmy, take it now.”
“Take what?” he teased.
“My engagement ring, got it this morning.”
“You're too doggone smart! Mow'd you know I had it?”
“Everybody in the hospital knows that’s why you wanted me to get all dressed up and go out for lunch!”
He shook his head in amusement as he reached in his pocket for the ring box. Their eyes met. The laughter in their glance gave way to quiet tenderness. Jimmy slipped the ring upon her finger.	x
“I hope it’s the right size, Mary darling.”
•“It is,” she said softly. “That's why I put that left hand glove in your pocket.”
“You put that glove—” He stopped and shook his head again. She was the most surprising creature in the world !
“This is a pretty important





$

?
%

+


>
... for the Children'r Çehoo! Lunehec
Li
%
*»¦¦¦ W.i

Vr:



¦
He



f :
n:x#

ï
it

!

»
W>Æf
:
¦ihSh
%

Choose Colors To Match A Costume
T
moment,” she whispered as he raised her hand to kiss the ring.
“Too important to talk about,” he murmured. He looked about quickly . No one was in sight. He was just about to kiss her when the elevator door slammed
T

1

A
Z*
A

i



L
B

m
Rouge and Lipstick Should Be Selected Carefully, For Vivid Contrast
“What about

r
K

L
P

u
open.
“Going down,” the operator shouted.
Jimmy released Mary quickly, but she threw her arms about him and kissed him boldly, then stepped into the car. The operator stared hard from other. “Sixth floor Fifth floor floor
s
E

Lips and cheeks are tinted in bright red shades this winter to harmonise with the new fashion colors and to make a vivid contrast to t*e light pastel ensemble being shown. Complexions should be smooth and clear as a water lily and soft in texture as a flow-
Coiffeurs are high,

.I'll

If SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Between - Season Recipes


DR. KILDARE’S

You

one to the — kissing. Third
CRISIS
kissing.
kissing. Nobody ever kisses me,” he observed tartly and slammed the door shut. “MAYBE HE'S NUTTY” Young Kildare headed back to Dr. Gillespie’s office. The latter was giving glare.
said disgustedly and atacked the
“Maybe
Tm Mary's brothéf, Douglm."
One of the things confronting the homemaker at this season of the year is the empty shelves in the fruit cupboards — and many empty jars. One naturally turns to marmalade as a method of solving this problem. I have been asked to repeat my grapefruit, orange and lemon recipe and feel that this is the place to do
er petal, sculptured yet definitely individualized to flatter the facial
Adapted from the Metro• Goldwyn• Mayer
Picture
contour.
HARMONIZING SHADES For the fashionable brown and brown-red costume shades, a rich warm shade of lipstick is recommended, which contains undertones of brown and russet, pure bright red is prescribed for the high fashion blues; a sporting pink for greens and black; raspberry for wines, greys and ultima smart taupes; red velvet for purples and beiges; and life red for brilliant hues now so noticeable on ski trails.
h
his luncheon a bale" Rabbits' food,” he
Gertrude Gelbin
carrots with his fork, tomorrow if I'm good, Molly Byrd will give me some hay looked up and realized that Jimmy was thoughtfully silent.
“Where’s Mary's brother?” he asked.
“Mary hasn’t seen him for a
I thought they'd like
A
gery until 12:30."
Jimmy turned to Gillespie. “Mind if 1 run downstairs and see this brother?” he asked.
“Go ahead," replied Molly, assuming command. “Dr. Gillespie has to eat his lunch now, anyhow.” She swung upon the old doctor severely. “And you’d better eat it! I ordered it myself, for you. lettuce.”
it.
CHAPTER ONE
” he
Grapefruit, Orange and Lemon
Marmalade
The first thing of importance is the choosing of the fruit. Do not think that fruit, which you have had in the house for sometime, (unless kept with the greatest care) or fruit you do not think just right for table use will be fine for marmalade. If You are to have success with your marmalade venture it must be made from the very best selec-I tion of fruit. That is one rea-I son why I have stated. I prefer making this marmalade at Christ-,| mas time, for the stores then seem to offer a better selection of fruit.
3 • oranges 3 lemons 3 grapefruit
Extract juice from fruit; pare all white membrane from peels of fruit. Then with a very sharp knife cut into thin strips of uniform size the peel. You may put part through the food chopper which may not give quite such an attractive appearance, but has the same flavor and will jell just the same. Place juice and prepared peel all in an earthenware container and add 3 times the water to juice and peel. Allow this to remain overnight. The next morning bring to boiling point and boil hard for twenty minutes. Remove from heat and place again in earthenware container and leave until the following day. Before placing on heat, measure; and for each cupful of juice and peel, measure one cup of sugar. Place the sugar where it will keep warm; place liquid mixture on heat and allow to come to boil. Then boil hard for 5 minutes. Next stir in sugar gradually, stirring until all is dissolved. Allow to boil and not simmer until, when dropping from the spoon a thread is spun. Place in jelly glasses, cover with paraffin. Store in dry cool place.
Peanut Butter Macaroons
Many delightful recipes come to us suggesting the cereals, peanut butter, etc. Try this macaroon for your next party.
2 egg whites % cup sugar % teaspon almond extract % cup peanut butter 2 cups oven-popped rice cereal.
Beat egg whites until stiff, but nrt dry. Fold in sugar, flavoring and peanut butter, oven-popped rice cereal, stirring only enough to combine. Drop from teaspoon onto well greased baking sheet; bake in moderate oven 20 min. Yields 1% dozen macaroons, 21j inches in diameter.
NEXT PATIENT!
Young Dr. Kildare glanced from the letter he was reading toward Dr. Gillespie.
Man sat at his desk smiling like the cat that swallowed the canary. Kildare grinned.
“Just listen to what my mother writes," he said knowingly. “She says: to have Dr. Gillespie give the bride away since Mary hasn’t any relatives in New York.
Dr. Gillespie’s face assumed an astonished look. “Now how did your mother ever think of that?”
“Because you wrote and asked her to," Kildare accused evenly.
“I did not!” Gillespie retorted. Then he laughed. “Well—Jimmy —it was my idea. I love formal weddings with everybody all dressed up.”
“So that’s why you kidded Mary and me out of eloping that night up in Parkersville?"
The other nodded.
I’ll be the snappiest dresser in church at your wedding if the moths haven’t got into my trunk—"
The Old
long time, to lunch alone." He seemingly dismissed the subject. When he spoke again, his manner was studiously offhand. “Let’s get back to business. From your ex peri-Dr. Gillespie, what is it
indicate when
Nice raw carrots and
“Weaker Sex”
Said Stronger
Wouldn’t it be nice
Gillespie. “Now you can order the rabbit to eat ’em."
growled
"Fine,"
Economical Apron From A Yard of Fabric
§ h
ence,
most likely to somebody hears some sound —
and nobody
Do men live longer than women? Dr. Arthur B. Elliott, of , Chicago, says no. Scotching the old-age theory about the "survival of the sexes," Dr. Elliott told members of the Michigan State . Medical Society at a convention that women are less emotionally intense than men and consequently have a better chance of survival.	. 1
“Women live longer and a higher precenage die of causes not connected with their blood pressure," said Dr. Elliott.
Downstairs in the lobby reception room, Jimmy found Mary’s brother. He was a pleasant looking young man in his late twenties.
or thinks he does hears anything?”
“Maybe he’s nutty," Gillespie said shortly. “If he tells you he’s a poached egg looking for a piece of toast to sit down on. you can be sure of it."
“I don’t . think this case is mental,” Jimmy said slowly.
Gillespie gestured to the bookshelves. “There’s a lot of books
you might read up on the fifty-seven different complications of the ear—’’ He eyed his young protegee shrewdly. “Who’s hearing things?”
“Nobody,” said Kildare quick-“I just remember reading somewhere’s about such a


“Mr. Lament?” Jimmy asked.
“Yes," smiled the other.
Jimmy extended his hand. "I’m Jimmy Kildare."
Lament’s face lightened up as he took Jimmy’s hand warmly in his own. “And I’m Mary’s brother, Douglas.” His eyes swept over young Dr. Kildare. “Well!” he said finally, "after Mary’s letters I expected you to be a combination of Abraham Lincoln and Flash Gordon.”
"Just wait till you hear what I think about her,” Jimmy bantered.
“That’s all light with me" Douglas said happily, “and I’ve known her longer than you have.”
“Did she know you were coming?”
“No—1 knew darned well she’d worry about me giving up my job to come east.”
“Going to settle here in New York?”
H
3
jL


l
V*
I
<
there
"It is. And
iiü
i
SfcSi
n


a
“HER BROTHER’S DOWNSTAIRS”
The door opened suddenly. He stopped short to glare at the intruder, dered. she enters a room.”
“I’m no lady,” Molly answered blandly, “I’m Superintendent of Nurses. Besides I didn’t come in here to talk to you.” She turned to Kildare. “Doctor, has Mary Lament got a brother ?”
“Yes,” replied young Kildare. "He's a teller in a bank out west in her hometown, Mason City. Why?”
"Well, he’s not out west now,” Molly said. "He’s downstairs.”
Jimmy jumped to his feet in surprise. “Does Mary know he’s here?”
“No—she won’t be out of sur-
J
3
ly.

H?3«0
r TRIPLE 1
BAKING-
ECONOMY
ft
case
m
Gillespie staved at him, then his chair toward the door.
“Molly Byrd!” he thun-"A lady knocks before
m
swung
"Parker!” he yelled to his nurse. "Next patient.”
¦M
a
Is anything wrong with Mary’s brother? Is Young Dr. Kildare justified in his concern about him. next week’s chapter.
!»


nr
sf g»
Read
/A Jh
c
<c:
i*00 Hr LESS I
..à
IXOU USE ViSS
|	FV,
* THERE'S trouble-free baking in store for you when you use Calumet Baking Powder. You use less and its double leavening action—during mixing and in the oven -assures better results. Easy-opening, won t-spill container, with handy measuring device under the lid. PRICED SURPRISINGLY LOW!

“HEAR ANYTHING?”
“New York’s the best place to put over my proposition,” Douglas said determinedly. He paused and cocked his head as if he were listening to t something.
“What’s the matter?” Kildare
Lady In Blue Gets Her Man
61LT
OUT

/) TOP
OUT
3%
Psychometer Tests Prove That Color in Clothes Interests Males Most
=>X

asked curiously.
“Nothing,” the other answered quickly.
“You acted as if you heard something—”
“No, no. Nothing at all.” Douglas smiled in friendly fashion. “Say—do you mind if I don’t tell you about this proposition until I’ve talked to Mary see, you may be in on it if she thinks it’s alright.”
“It sound interesting—”
"It is. Look
s
siqirr
0
%
11
Girls, if you've trying to get a man—or want to keep the one you hav
*4
wOr"

h

By LOUISE LENNOX
This dainty tea apron is so easy and economical to make that you will enjoy stitching up several. It makes a lovely and most welcomed party prize or birthday gift. Choose a bright floral • printed Cotton for this gored skirt apron that has a nonslip halter neck. Tiny ruffled edging adds a feminine and festive air to a practical item.
Style No. 340 is designed for one size, adaptable to any size and requires only 1 yard of 30-inch fabric for any size, and 3 yards of ruffling,
Send Twenty Cents (20c) (Coin is preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421,. 73 West Adelaide St Write plainly your name, address j and style number. Be sure to state size you wish.	j
sprinkle your wardrobe generously with navy blue.
It has been discovered that that’s the color that gets ’em—not red. at you’ve been taught.
RED ISN’T IN IT Eight men were hooked up to a gadget called a psychometer. Then they gazed upon gorgeous mode's in colored dresses. It was the lady in blue who made their hands the clammiest, their hearts the jumpiest.
_
\v
T
)

you

-

Z
you’re a big
man around this place get word to my sister that I’m here?”
“I’ll try,” replied Kildare wondering at the other’s quick change of subject. “See you later—” Jimmy crossed to the nurse’s desk at the door and was about to make his exit when he looked Douglas La mont sat Kor-
ean you
r
Z
Add
The next most agitating colors were coral, beige and green. What happened to red? Nobody knew.
The men who submitted to the psycho me ter Included two actors, Lyle Talbot and Ole Olsen; two theatre ushers, a pair of brokers and a ccAiple of blushing football players.
Ill
I
(BEAUTIFULLY COLOURED AND MOUNTED)
SPITFIRE* HURRICANE, DEFIANT, SUNDERLAND FLYING BOAT, WELLINGTON BOMBER AND BLENHEIM BOMBER
Don’t miss this opportunity!
Just take n lube I from CROWN 8YRUV—write hark your name mut atldrens an I the title of lhe picture you want • • (1 In bel for each picture). Mali the label to Dept. .). 6, The Canada March Company Limited, It) Wellington SI Cast,
Toronto. Your ehoflen picture or pictures will lie mailed to you immediately
L3I
back.
ward in his chair, his head to one side, his entire being straining toward something he was heal-
th! of on the
Toronto.
• •
MIm Chambers %%elv«»mee personal letters from interested reader#. She I# pleased to receive suggesllouw on topic# for her column, and I# even ready to ll*iL-n to your “pet pee* cs." Requests for recipe# or epeeiul menu# are In order. Address your letter# to “Mis# Sadie U. Chamber#, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto." Send stamped, self-addressed envelope If you wish • reply.
turn
ing.
New Shoulder Line Is Gently Sloping
“Nurse,” he “do you hear any-
Kildare frowned, asked softly thing?”
“Hear anything?” intently for a course not, doctor forgotten these rooms are soundproofed?”
“That’s what I thought,” he answered slowly and walked off in the direction of the elevator.
Ho got off at the floor on which were located the Nurses’ quarters. Mary came hurrying down the corridor.
She listened moment. “Of
ê
1
v Shoulders are definitely feminine and appealing, New York fashion reviewers say*. Let them I alo$e gently, and drop a trifle; i but decidedly they must 1 droop. Don’t think from this that [ shoulders are be.eft of padding. J There will be padding in plenty, I but it will be judiciously placed. I just below the shoulder, not on ¦ top.
%

have you

2' Nuu-unu
BAKING
border
1
Slow Burning
Missing Memory
4
CANADA'S
CIGARETTE PAPERS
not
/vGREAT <
Z/Mfl
L FOOD

In Albany, the New York Bureau of Motor Vehicles got a letter from a lady who wanted a low license number because her memory was bad. She forgot to j sign her name.
HONë F We* MAD*
S....
/
V
ISSUE 8—’41
CROWN SYRUP

n*
u
###PAGE###8###
r

|W5R!
Look Here

luma.
t
m^*^«wMmmwmwMmwwMWWMmmwr


For Sale, Wants, Found,
Lost, etc.
V
2»JSIEfëfêiISfëJafë
/

DALE’S TINSHOP
Specials in Rubber Footwear
i
I
i
o
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Office. Phone 75.
and be
climb
Order Bray Chicks now,
"lucky” when egg prices next Fall. See me, or phone me.
Personal attention.
Men’s 15 inch top in full-grain leather
$5.75 for $3,95
12 inch top, same quality as above,
$5.25 for $3.50
Low tops, in all rubber $1.69 for 1.49
SSEs’Sl
Full Stock of :—
Findlay Heaters-and Ranges
&
right away, prompt delivery.
m
l
m
E
£"aH3Er"i'S
Que. Phone 25—30.
G. HAROLD BOULTON Bristol Egg and Poultry Association
BRISTOL

<
Men’s
m
a
L
E
QUEBEC
E
Office,

r
Now is the time to a
Furnace I
Wilson’s Garage
)
i
s
have your and Pipes checked
Th. San,. Raliabl. Sa,,',. |	£
Equity, oi* Phone 20—0,
R, 1 Shaw ville. Phone 13—5,

Work Socks .50 and 25 cents

over.

Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Ford Service Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
J.P. Wilson
Main Street Shawville Quebec
Phone 40
il
Leslie Dale
Shawville,
.60







-vi
Quebec

Pulpwood Wanted
vnaMmammma immwaMBaaBamMmeanu*
A mml Meeting St. Matthew’s Ladies’ Guild
jiiBiBiBiaaiaBBiaiBiE
Norris B. Horner
Clothier -and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balaam pulpwood^ F.O.B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick up
by trucks Phone or write,
J. M. ABOVE,
Shawville, Que

€
x
Tenders Wanted
4
<-
work was re
oîy?f'ûi/fBonÿ "Sts'*» rf
iEBB SEE I
tary crades in all the schools under the FebrUfUy I3tli
of the Clarendon School —	='J -
Phone 76
The guild members, under the
.—#M##
jurisdiction
Board.
Village Property for Sale
Raw Furs Wanted
ESTABLISHED 1883
Applicants are to and salary expected.
Being the dwelling and lots of the late Mr and Mrs. George C. Hodgms, I wish to announce to the public that situated on Main Street East, Village of j am in the market for all kinds of Shawville. For further particulars and Sea510nable Raw Fur and assure highest terms apply to the Executors.	| maiket prices.
JOHN L. HODGINS.
HERBERT SMITH.
Shawville
COACH
INVALID
4
John A. Dean,
SecTreas.
I
F f
GEORGE HYNES 5t SON
NORRIS It. HORNER
Licensed Fur Dealer, Shawville, Que.
Directors of Funeral Service
Red Cross
" AClettefrof npprecKtionhoin tlie
Phone, 43.
Common Skin Disease
Relieved by Treatment
A diet low in fat, daily administration of vitamin B1 by mouth and the use of an ointment appears o p01.^e(ji
be the most effective combination xhe following	v
of treatments yet available for psor- eiected .—President. Mrs. >*than
srnmmmm
characterized I Clarence Hodgins.
FOR SALE
congregation
“'a bank balance of $52.
WAS
WANTED
Shawville, Que.
i
Teams to Haul Supplies
Teams to haul supplies for Gillies Bros , Limited. Eighty-five cents per hundred pounds. 5j to 0 day trip. Free meals at point ot delivery. Apply immediately to
J. W. DEROUIN,
Campbell’s Bay,Que
was re*
Pure Bred Ayrshire*
\ number of pure bred Ayrshire Cows and Young Bulls fit for service
A»*>w»toy&riLHoiSK
Charteris, Que.
Phone 8D
officers were
i
In Memoriam
Mr. George ArmHage
Phone,
Campbell's Bay 39-3.
“ December 25th, 1880. he was But Jesus loved him more.
saw sjfss	c„,
¦* "T-'b^^'ero^onesister^d
TEHBBt i ssa :: as? _
ances of the general health. It is | rare in small children, but frequent-lv begins in the late teens and recurs at intervals throughout hfe. It most commonly appears on the extensor aspects of the limbs, especially the elbows and knees, but may also involve the trunk, scalp, face, nails, palms and soles.
Dr. Madden used various forms ot treatment on 112 patients. Although single treatment was universally effective, vitamin B1 was found .	, most beneficial, giving definite unAntiserum Increases	provement to one third of the pa-
Hope for Cancer Cure g
Discovery of a cancer antiserum chj(jed liver extract, diluted hydro-which increases the hope for cance* chloric acid, hormone substances has been announced by two	bismuth salicylate in oil.
Welker and j whUe there have been reports of
improvement of psoriasis from vitamin D treatment, Dr. Madden concluded that: “Vitamin D was not only generally of no value in this group of cases of psoriasis but was a dangerous medication in some cases. It should never be given in massive doses except when the patient is under frequent observation.
Psoriasis is a
1940.
m
ISr*
/
l Ç?i
<

©
(©N
In
©
I
;©
Z
y
c

no
a
!# ' ï

91
pe i
0
«D
0


cure
Medicine Research staff.
They claim the antiserum reacts positively with blood serum from persons with cancer of the same organ as that from which the antiserum was developed, but does not react at all with blood serum
of value, they say, in assisting Qlamour Girl of Babylon
C"nflT,VJCta.«lX « Used Rouge and Mirror
may aid in treatment.	in ancient Babylon Matrunna and
*1*
the mirror, though shaped exactly
lady’s mirror of today, v:as ass, but bronze.
also one son
Ipss
^Memy beautiful floral tributes received.
!


E
It
!



H


—% i
ml



[©)
IN
h.

were
Through
Tl \
Mrs. William Latray
W
#

ii —



Mrs. William Latray, of Char-
About two weeks ago, she unde -went an operation for «PlMndjMtts iud had recovered sufficiently to return home on Wednesday even-g. While crossing the floor she
col*nosed and failed to rally*
Mrs Latray was born at Otter ccr of the same organ
Lake Quebec, her maiden name ! jn producing the antiserum.	|
MBwqnai
of Natural History.
it leads to a new
^They claim to have tested their I like a
antiserum with preparations from | not gU
cancers of 14 different organs and
found that it reacted only With can-
as that used
j maintenance costs. And they recirculating ball bearing comfortable driver’»
CHEVROLET TRUCKS COVER
Amnestris’ cheek,
fin
The bloom on	, ,	, .
whether painted by the goddess Ish* tar or by Amnestris’ own tapering hand, has faded, and Amnestris
But the shells
98%
in
money-savers on in first cost, operating costs have new longer wheelbases
OF ALL HAULAGE NEEDS
an
. new
these "Right Trucks for All Trades - today! _________
There'» o choice of 46 bigger, better models—en 11 longer wheelbases-in the 1941 Chevrolet Truck parade oil designed to out-pull, out value all others in the entire low price field . . . the right trucks for all trades.
# •
see
HHPmMMPW she is
ived by her husband an(J/0.l}r] iHel^n. .îe>inette. Emile
sur vi v_
children. Helen, Jeunette and Rene. «11 at home; her parents, three brothers. Clnud and David, of Charteris ; and Einerey, of
South Porcupine, and four sisters,	.
Mi- Charles Mayhew, of Bristol ; Anna Wherland in ' (Jordon Acres, of Vinton ; left ‘‘motherless a Jason Howard, of Moorhead ; ing 0f 1,086 dolls which she pains-Warren Horner, of Char . takingly collected and cared for dur, She. was for years n mem- ing the past 40 years. The çollcc-of the Otter Lake French Bap , tion occupied 30 showcases in the tint Church.	.,	1 Wherland home and included dolls
The funeral was conducted oil | every size and nationality, from Saturday afternoon. Rev. K. j a)1 parts 0f the world. Mrs. Wher-Bolton conducted a	land began her unique collection
in the Fiench knjrnaf» * at Mat I when she decided to keep her chil-
horae, and in English "t St Mat dren,g dolls as remembrances, thew s Church at Charterie.	Through the years she added to this
Interment was made in tnep*. . h	unlil her home became a
ES ï#« ! ESESSE
and LorMHiljÜfif*
seum
The hall is described by Clifford
one of the
1,086 Dolls ‘Motherless’
The recent death of Mrs. Mary
Fresno, Calif., family consist-
C. Gregg, director, as most ambitious projects m reconstructing the life of a long past epoch ever undertaken by the museum. It represents 18 years of research and contains material excavated at the ancient city of Kish by the joint Mesopotamian expedition of Field museum and Oxford university.
Some of the objects go
fourth millenium before Christ, models of saddle-shaped the carving of a ram in
need
M rs. Mrs.
And Mrs terie
«J •
fr'
1»
bel
TRUCK WHEN YOU BUY A CHEVROLET!

YOU BUY A CANADIAN
CT-24IB


back to
JOHN L. HODGINS
SHAWVILLE
the
UlttR
as the
fSAVINtS
CERTIFICAT
QUEBEC
chariots, or
lapis lazuli so small that you a magnifying glass to appreciate excellence, or the cylinder seals, an ancient form of reproduction.
••Work for Victory Lend to Win"
its
I
