###PAGE###1###



A


(


>

' 7

>
1
V

t $1.50 per annum in Advan I 2.00 to the Umtiu
THURSDAY, JANUARY SCth. 1941
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE;
•w li. L V
No. '32, ôivn Yis au
A public* meeting of the Hoard of Director* of Pontine Community Hospital will bo held at Shaw-ville Theatre. Friday afternoon, Feb'y 7th. at 2 30 o’clock, for the purpose of hearing reports for the past year and electing ollicers and directors for 1941. All those interested in the welfare of the hospital are invited to attend.
January Shipment from the Otter Lake Red Cross.
GOWLIXG BUSINESS , COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has
BORN
Brown—At Mis. Greggs Nui-aing
—Hope Carol. ^	S "waters, 40 pal,-a of sucks.
PERSONAL mInTION |	gown, 3 cloths, 17
diapers, 3 ha by blanket’». 8 baby
sweaters. 8 pairs of booties, 4 bon removed to larger and finer nets. 1 quilt was donated by Mrs. premises. The finest and most Geo McLeod.	modern in Ontario. Attend a
The Sandy Creek contribution school with an established was 4prs. socks and 1 sweater. | reputation. Open all year.
The following finished article-
Logging-
Supplies
A*
%
. Mrs C. F. C. Fowles is visiting Zion Red Cross	relatives and friends in Montreal
— •	this week.
Zion Red Cross group report Mins Barbara Woodley, is a dele their activity throughout 1940 as gate to the C.G.l.T. conference in follows	Ottawa this week.
For soldiers, IB prs. socks, 43 pi I- Miss Connie Williams, of Ottawa Jow cases, 29 prs. pyjamas, 15 was a guest of her sister. Mrs, Asa ^binders and 8 slings. _ Smart, for the weekend.
JHiœ ^£3=	jHFSESE1 JAMES A-MILLAR
ge-S'E:: sipss
Jol.n B.Jndd.	Pokes, Brough and Ç»™Pbel •
, gasses
Uhiult,nshi»vm.°,wiiêShjldUii I Ml,, Edith PriUlmrd, olWymnn. 5%rd.,'lTM"ll.o. R. »eto. D.
ÏJi K?»	SS/Mib’TMM iharland 0. ROWAT
•SESHNspE: SSsll
account, however, showed a con. Val Cartier, Que., visited at the	w ie_ ^
siderable increase over the ure. home of his father, Mr. John | Miss Joyce Pilkington Honored
r;'	a 0£’fe . "œi.'ï
%.TiKd,:%',d b?K 5S‘ftT5£ SSSSft	‘A donat l„ guerrier
W. K Shaw, Junior Guild by Miss town.	. . pink and_.wh't?.
mmsm
GThe reet announced that he municipal and school corporations Hodgff,,
had received from the estate of Cecil MeCagg, R. C. N, V. R. oil	?
the late Mrs. Margaret Eades a Halifax, N. 8. left on Thursday ^ Honour of cheque for #500.00. The bequest *fter «pending a two weeks fur Mr *nd Mrs Wm Sullivan was made to the rector and ward, |0ugh with his father, Mr. Fred
ens, of which the interest was to MeCagg at Westboro, Ont, and a social evening was given m be used for the cemetery upkeep jj|s grandmother, Mrs. Geo. the United Hall, Stark s Corner*
The amount had now been invest- MeCagg, at Austin.	on Friday, January 24rh in honor
ed with the Synod of the Diocese.	____ of Mr. and Mrs. Wm^Snlli van, (nee
diSssi SnSTiJSSsfui s; «c...........	; , .
EESEHEiSlEs
increase was unanimously carried.	and I va Wilson.
The rector in giving his annual December Shipment of the	A bountiful lunch was then sew-
report, also gave a short history ghawvllle and District Group ed to which every one did justice, of the parish. While the Rev. D. Red Cross	The pleasant evening was
Fa I loon arrived In 1841, there is	- brought to a close with the best
reason to beleive that a Mr. Uussak The following articles were for-1 xvishes of those present tor the who, according to the S. P. G warded to headquarters in De- future welfare ot the happy clergy list mentions him as being member	couple,
at Clarendon in 1840—41, was in Austin—Soldier—2 prs. pyjamas, 6	~~7 ~
charge before Mr. F.a Upon arrived, -. .j binders. i pair of wristlets, Ac nual Meeting oi the
ËS8 M.^1 tab, Jtatafc a pr. ta.,». V. H.d W. M 3
BE*
ISSiWiBES1--
g@pî Msbmi
mrnmamm
Guild.	I baby jacket*
Axes
Handles
Cross Cut Saws Web Saws
Saw Wedges
Splitting Wedges
Chains, Hooks, Cant Hooks
W, I. COWLINC, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE
Principal
Shawvtlle High School Win at Aylmer


BA.LLL
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc. ,
129 Main St.,Hull,Que.
At Moyle's Hotel, Campbell’s Bey every Wednesday morning ^
At Pontiac House, Shaw ville, every : Wednesday at Noam
y<


Annual Meeting ef St Paul’s Cnnrch


:
I
i NOTARY PUBLIC
graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Officb—In the G. F. Hodgins Building „ Main Street, Shawville. Que.
V
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
4 Estate 0. J.'.Caldwell f ••
%
J. OSCAR LAFIAMME, K.C.
Advocate Bapplatep, Solicitor, etc.
Office: Uampbell’sBay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
L.L.B..
B. A
• t
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
MID-WINTER
SPECIALS
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with bylcorrespondence
?
V
R. MILLER WALLACE ,
AVOCAT - BARRISTER j
PHOUE, -2219
i

196 RAM STREET
HULL, QUEBEC

At Proudfoot’sHotel, Jampbe. Bay every Tuesday at Noon.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday Evening.
Men’s Overalls and Smocks
were
D. J. CAMBPELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Made of heavy-weight Blue Denim, red back, large pattern, sizes 36 to 44. Exceptional value, limited quantity,
Smocks
$1.50
Phene 3
Fr. P. E.1DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
Overalls
$1.50
)
609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE.
PLATEAU 638 8
i

<
0%. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.

!
:

FLOUR and FEED
I
BELAIR 3 267
H K. NEILSON, M.D.
<
Ey Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
?
$2 40
Best Ever Laying Mash, per bag,
Scratch Food, per bag - - -Royal Purple Calf Meal, 20-lb bag
ic
;
I
ONT.
1.75
OTTAWA.
H.
I
PHJHE, 2-7961


1.00


î
:
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
3.75
S
cw t.
< t
tt
u
46
>
3.25
Five Roses Flour, per bag - -Robin Hood riour, ptr bag -	-
Ivory Flour per bag - - - -Key Note Flour, per bag - -Red Rose Flour, per b«g - -

OTTAWA. ONTARIO
l
3.00
!
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS'
^3
I. Specialist on all visual and muscular eye defects
. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist
?
2.75
4k
1
2.75
i


»
2.50

Gordon T. tr*<ul INSURAH .







HEPIiESENTlNG COMPANIES


Strong

THE W, A. HODCIHS STORE
Quebec
fc xperienced
Dependable Through Generations
Shawville
ft-<6
QUE. =
SHAWViUt
Murray i




###PAGE###2###
f
>
r

e e
change for those materials which cannot be produced in the Dominion.
Boy Scout Founder Dies After Lengthy Illn
000 bushels. With the rapid development of war industries in Canada, an improvement is in prospect for the current year. It Is of particular advantage to Canada to have an increased production of this raw material, conserving needed foreign
Farm Notes...
ess
,]SUNDA Y SCHOOL LESSON

*
Glass is to be used for making church bolls in Italy, the metal bells being needed for munitions.
Crop Associations Seed Exhibition
ex-
CHRIST’S CONCERN FOR THE *	LOST.—Luke 15.
PRINTED TEXT, Luke 15 : 1-10
QÔLDEN TEXT.—The Son of man came to seek and to save that which was lost. Luke 19 : 10. THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—January, A.D. 30.
Place.—Same place in Peraea.
The grief people experience over things they have lost depends upon the value of these things. How much more valuable than any property or even a domesticated animal is the loss of a soul—a man or woman becoming an absolute shipwreck, abandoned by men and without God or hope. The hearts of all studying this lesson should be stirred up with a desire to go out and seek men who know not Christ. The theme of the parable in this lesson is the grace of God— the object of the chapter is not eo much to show how men are saved, but why they are saved.
Three Parables
Luke 15 : 1. “Now all the publicans and sinners were drawing near unto him to hear him." (A publican in the New Testament was a Jew in the employ of the Roman Government collecting taxes, generally from fellow Jews, for the enrichment of the hated officers who were enforcing the laws of the Gentile power upon these conquered children of Israel. They were utterly despised by other Israelites. Sinners here were those not living H conformity with the Levitical Lew), both the Pharisees and the scribes murmured, saying, This man recel veth sinners, and eateth with them.”
What our Lord now is about to •ay contain* first a precious m age overflowing with hope, radiant with the love of God for these poor publicans and sinners who needed God so much in their lives. Up to now they had been prevented from coming to Him by all the legalistic paraphernalia which the Pharisee insisted upon. This message was for the Pharisees and scribes, too, to show them how far from the will of God they were In condemning the Lord Jesus for mingling with such people ae they despised. All three of these parables move about one word as It were, namely, the word “loot”—a lost sheep, a lost coin, and a lost man. The sheep wanders away heedlessly, not of est purpose, but drawn onward by one tuft of sweet herbage after smother, till It his got out of sight of the flock and hearing of the shepherd. So many men stray away from God and Christ, not deliberately, but simply because they follow Inclination and the desires of the fleeh. The coin, on the oth hand, rolls away by mere gravitation, without volition; and many men fall Into dark corners of sin almost as mechanically. But under both the oarelees straying of the •beep and the mechanical rolling away of the "drachma” lies the eeifishnees and unbridled living ef the prodigal AH three parables must be taken together.”
Farmers having surplus seed of high quality, for sale are urged to have it cleaned and graded I immediately and to submit a I sample to the Seed Display to be held in connection with the annual meeting of The Ontario Crop Improvement Association, King Edward Hotel, Toronto, Feb. 10-14th.
The obj-„:t of this seed display is to help the grower with a surplus in finding a market with buyers who are looking for high quality seed.
The Ontario Plowmen’s Association and the Association of Agricultural societies are holding annual conventions during the week at the King Edward Hotel and the Ontario Provincial Winter Seed Fair will also be held that week. Hundreds of farmers will attend these events, many of whom will be looking for good seed.
TO HELP THE GROWER
Only varieties which have been accepted for registration or certification may be included in the display and all seed must be graded. The sample to be displayed in each case must be representative of the bulk lot for sale and the quantity shall be as follows—grain and corn 2 qts.; clover and grass seed 1 qt.; potatoes 10 lbs.
Suitable containers and tags will be supplied; samples will be on display during the entire week and an attractive catalogue listing all seed offered for sale will be prepared for distribution.
It is expected that there will be a keen demand for good seed during 1941. Consult your Agricultural Representative or seed cleaning plant operator for further information or write direct to John D. MacLeod, Secretary-Treasurer, Ontario Crop Improvement Association, Parliament Buildings, Toronto.
| THIS CURIOUS WORLD
By William Ferguson

WETHERSFIELD
€UV\,
. WETHERSFIELD, 49 CONNECTICUT;

IS
IM
C/GCUMFEREMCE
\
(SROOND

ti y y


ai
9
THE LOWEST
BAROMETRIC

COP*. IMS BY NtA M*Vl«. «NC.

LAND, WAS
/ASCHES/
•V,
4*
' 'f
CX/Æ/AJS A HL/ÆÆAOAA/£r.
Lieut-Gen. Lord Baden-Powell, 83, founder of the Boy Scouts and Girl Guides, and one of the most famous soldiers and military intelligence operatives of modern times, died at his home in Kenya, Africa, after a lengthy illness. He is pictured with Lady Baden-Powell during a visit to this continent

y c
-o>
IS THEM
she calleth together her friends and nelghors, saying, Rejoice with me, for I have found the piece which I had lost 10. Even so, I say unto you, there Is joy in the presence of the angels of God over one
•Inner that repenteth.”
The sheep could not have come back unless the shepherd had •ought him; the coin would never have been found In this instance unless the woman had looked for it; but in the case of mankind, God must leave men to decide for themselves whether they will come to his waiting love and grace or not. God seeks sinners, of course. But repentance is necessary first on their part before they can come and find him.
Duke of Windsor Wore Crayon Stripes
I SUCH A THINS
If at. V	AS A O
/ CRIMINAL FACE f
• ft
iV
Fashions set and worn by tho Duke of Windsor are much followed in the men’s wear world, and in view of the prominence of suits including tailored ones, in the women’s field, it is worth giving a second look to the suit he was photographed in on his recent visit to Miami, Fla.
The suit, with its low end wide gorge, is a clue to current edicts in men’s fashions, and the use of the wide, strong white rayon stripe of the cloth is interesting. In gray it is worn with a matching gray shirt, with maroon tie, printed in gray and white flower spots.
ANSWER: No. CriminologisU formerly believed there was • criminal type face, but such views have not stood the dost of time and are no lonftr held by the majority.
Sawdust Pastry
BABES IN THE WOODS
How would you like to spread on your bread a pat of butter made from coal? That is what the Germans are doing. Their new experimental coal - butter consists of 64 per cent, water, 17 per cent, mineral oils, 16.6 per cent, starch, and 2.6 per cent, salt. And for coarse synthetic flour they advocate a 20 per cent, admixture of sawdust, plaster and Baltic sand added to ordinary flour.
HORIZONTAL Answer to Previous Pussle
1 Two-wheeled carriage.
7 Two famous legendary children,
.Hansel and
9 Playing card.
10	To obliterate.
11	Note in scale. 14 Brought up.
25 Female horse. 20Haensel the
PANWRA
protected his
sister.
23 Rubbish.
25 Senior.
27 Behold.
29 Article shaped like an
12	To harvest.
13	Genus of bog plants.
16	Kind of rubber.
17	Long inlet.
18	Test.
19	Deity of war.
20	Proffers.
21	Sawlike organ
22	Deserted by	_
their parents. 41 separate they were	*rom others.
in the 43 Residue from
a fire.
44 Lay church official.
46	Males.
47	To scud.
48	A number.
49	Greasy substances.
51 Dined.
53	Hodgepodge.
54	Snarls.
RADIO REPORTER

By DAVE ROBBINS

Flaxseed Crop Shows Increase
"S.”
30 Encountered.
32	To be sick.
33	Guided.
35	Order.
36	Lamp.
VERTICAL	38 Egyptian	god.
1	Hour.	39	Exists.
2	Eagles’ home.	41 Annoys.
3	Fresh-water	42 God of love,
annelids.
4	Tetanic.
5	Door rugs.
6	Their story Is 50 Aspiration, an old
7	Lively celebration.
8	to remove
by Mr. Farrell, proved extremely Interesting. Now, he is concentrating on current events of the war.
On January 26th the topic of •'Between Ourselves" will be Col. John McCrae, author of In Flanders Fields, and on February 2nd, under the subject "The Present Situation’’ he will deecrlbe some of the preeent developments in the progress of the war.
FARM RADIO FORUM
Farm Radio Forum, which took to the air In Eastern Canada on January 21st, will be a new adventure^ both for the CBC and for thousands of Canadian farmers. This series is to be heard es oh Tuesday for twelve weeks at 16.60 to 18.10 EDST (9.00 - 9.30 p. Standard) In Ontario and Quebec and at 11.00 • 11.30 p.m. E.D.S.T. (10.00 - 10.80 Atlantic Standard Time) In the Maritimes. Ontario listeners hear farm Radio Forum over Stations CBL, Toronto and CBO, Ottawa.
During this series of broadcasts listeners will hear current farm problems discussed by farmers from "Sunnyridge Community" — subjects like "Are There Too Many Farmers?" and "Should Farmers Grow More?” and so on.
The Old Timer will be heard introducing farm men and women from Sunnyridge. These folks In turn will have their say and reach their own conclusions regarding what should be done to improve farm conditions.
37 Goddess of 56 Engelbert discord.
40 To hasten.
wrote an opera about their story.
3,500,000 Bushel Yield Is Largest in Canada Since 1930
, The production of flaxseed in Canada for crushing purposes fluctuates widely from year to year. This is due in part to climatic conditions but mainly to the wheat and flaxseed price ration. During the past few years the price situation has favored f.the production of wheat rather than flaxseed with the result that the acreage under flax was relatively low, states W. G. McGregor of the Dominion Experimental Farms.
In the spring of 1940 however, the situation seemed to promise better flax prices in relation to wheat and as a result the acreage increased appreciably.
Coinciding with the increased acreage there was a high average yield per acre with the result that Canada produced the largest flaxseed crop since 1930 with a yield of about 3% million bushels of excellent quality.
WILL IMPORT LESS
During the past decade Canada has imported both linseed and linseed oil so that stocks on hand are negligible. The paint, varnish and allied industries about 2,000,000 bushels annually. Building and industrial activity in recent years this consumption
mated that the total consumption in the past year exceeded 3,000,-
woods.
24 Slumbers.
26	Indigo.
27	Newer,
26 Wrath.
30	Witticism.
31	Powder ingredient.
34 Graduated series of tones.
45 To bar by estoppel. 40 Influenza.
The Last Sheep
f, "And he spake unto them this parable, saying, 4. What man of you, having a hundred sheep, end having loot one of them, doth mot leave the ninety and mine to the wilderness, and #e after that which l« lost until he find It? 6. And when he hath found It he layeth it on hie shoulders, rejoicing, f. And when he cometh home, he • oalleth together hie friends and his neighbors, saying unto them Rejoice with me, for I have found my sheep which was lost 7. I may unto you, that even so there shall be Joy In heaven over one sinner that repenteth, more than over ninety and nine righteous persons, who need no repentance.” The Joy of success Is proportioned to the difficulty, the doubtfulness of attaining it. All the hazards and sacrifices of the search are repaid by the recovery of the lost. There Is no Joy comparable to the Joy of successful love; of love, that is to eey, not only recognized and returned, but which succeeds In making the object of it as happy as it desires, and does so after many repulses and misunderstandings and hazards. This is God's greatest Joy. It is taken to mean here that the "ninety and nine” had already been saved.
AROUND THE DIAL
Strictly for jive fans is the Fifteen Minutes Intermission Please, by the Andrews Sisters, and speaking of Swing features, don’t overlook the Swing Session from CROC each afternoon at 4.30. Butch and Joe can certainly swing a mean discord.
One of the best hair raisers on the air Is still "The Shadow” coming from CFRB at 8.30 Tuesday nights. This one will turn you hair gray.
. 52 Japanese fish.
53	Exclamation.
54	Grain.
55	South Carolina.
hair.
B

i

l
Amusing sidelight on Hollywood is that the "Stars” are no longer the boss. New bosses In Hollywood are the boys who take the "candid” photographs for the fillum mags. No matter how beautiful a male or female star may be, there are certain camera angles that make them look not one darn bit better than you or me, or my Uncle Willie. If a "star” won’t cooperate, one of these "Candida” is published, and it costs that star about a million dollars worth of dis illusion meat on the part of the guys and gals who "worship” the flicker idols.
fi
"BETWEEN OURSELVES”
"Between Ourselves” Is the title R. B. Farrell uses for his pleasant informal chats over the CBC network at 12.16 ou Sundays. Broadcasting Is but one facet of Mr. Farrell's many-sided career, which includes Journalism, and several years service with the colours. Based on his experience in the Army and Navy, a recent series on the history of Canadian regiments
46

t


s
consume
pJI
51
o
has increased so it is estl-
i
*
POP—There’s No Satisfying These Officers
By J. MILLAR WATT
The Lost Coin
8. "Or what woman having ten pieces of silver, if she lose one piece, doth not light a lamp, and sweep the house, and seek diligently until she find it?” The general Inference from this and the preceding parable le that each sinner |s so precious that God and Hie ministers regard no efforts too great to reclaim such, men who today are exactly like coins out of circulation. They are making no contribution to life, useless individuals, relying upon the belief that they are not Influencing anybody tor evB. Theee people are good enough when found, like the eoln, and put Into circulation.
Jey Over On# Sinner
1- "And when she hath found it,
I'M ALWAYS
BAWLING THAT
MAN OUT
k FOR SOME-TMINO X OR ,
a	OTHER !
WHY DIDN’T YOU-
SALUTE ME p
T THOUGHT YOU WERE STILL CROSS WITH
l'j
0 •
u
I
me!
r
»
:
i
m
X
<•


L
It-5
(*e:e#W by Tt# Bell Syadlett». 1er >
###PAGE###3###
-7
t
9

/


<
X «w
\
I
One-Vowel Verse
This Persian Carried off Top Honors at Cat Show
# *"
HEALTH
TOPICS

What Science Is Doing
I 18 the only vowel used in this curious little verse :
Idling I sit in this mild twilight dim,
Whilst birds, in wild, swift vigils, circling skim.
Light winds in sighing sink, till, rising bright.
Night’s virgin pilgrim swims in vivid light.

for common ordinary sore
tiiroet
&
Æ

o*



JsSgR
f
m
i
Fruits in the Diet
LOWERS BLOOD PRESSURE
A new chemical compound which tower* high blood pressure In men fti described In the Rockefeller Institute's Journal of experimental aedicine.
The compound Is extracted from kidneys of animals, and la the result of an Increasing body of medical evidence that kidneys possess something which has the ability not only to Initiate high blood pressure but also to lower It.
1





be classed with
Fruits may vegetables and milk as protective foods. These foods supply very little of the energy requirements of the body but have other valuable properties. They help to keep the human body system functioning properly and correct deficiencies of diets largely composed of meat and starchy foods.
similar
Mf

Hi _





I
72nd ANNUAL MEETING
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA



¦

S'

m

Fruits in general are in chemical composition to vegetables and Both are valuable of vitamin C, states J. T. Division of Chemistry,
Morris W. Wilson, President and Managing Director, Calls For Drastic Economies by Public and Government to Permit Full Measure of War Effort — War Savings Campaign Molt Important Feature Federal Financing
Sydney G. Dobson General Manager, Reports Unpreced :ted" Business Activity But Peak Not Yet Reached



m
NEW VACCINE AGAINST FLU
The accidental discovery of a maw vaccine against influenza was Sailed by medical authorities last week me "one of the most promising practical lea fie in research of recent decades."
About a year ago a. few ferrets Imooulated with human "flu” virus developed distemper also. To prevent spread of distemper a vaccine effective on previous occasions was Injected into 167 other normal ferrets.
Two days later, in continuing the •'flu" experiment, some of these animale were Inoculated in the none with "massive doses" of three distinct strains of human Influenza virus.
To the great surprise of the New York Investigators, none of these animals developed experimental influenza.
a
w.
a
sources

Janson,
Science Service, Dominion Department of Agriculture, vitamin is best known as the antiscurvy vitamin, but recent research indicates that deficiency of this vitamin is a factor in a number of human ailments. While the citrus fruits, oranges and grapefruit, and tomatoes, are commended as the most reliable fruits to provide adequate intake of vitamin C, other fruits, includ-black currants and strawber-are excellent sources. The


This
m
*
Wy



1

increased, and to that extent would
stultify our war effort. But war demands are inexorable, and IE those who use the bulk of nonmilitary production will not reduce their demands, the only way the situation can be adjusted is by ft rise in the price level proceeding faster than increases in wages.
“This seems to me to be a compelling argument for a compulsory saving plan if the people as a whole do not respond to the present appeal of the War Savings Committee; otherwise those who are too weak or too selfish to face the issue will have wasted a part of the benefits which would have accrued to the thrifty as well as to themselves.”
WAGES
Mr. Wilson remarked with satisfaction that Canada has been large-
ly’free of labor disputes since the beginning of the war and, ' it itr essential that neither strike* lockouts should be allowed to interfere with production.” He favoured the Government plan for a standard wage scale, supplemented by bonuses to meet any rise in the
cost of living, the bonuses to apply evenly on a per capita basis and not as a percentage of existing wage rates. He felt that work-would accept their share 06 sacrifices if equal sacrifices are made by salaried employees, executives and capital.
SIROIS REPORT
Referring to the conference of Provincial Premiere to be convened shortly, Mr. Wilson said, "the main principles laid down in the Slrols Report can be said to commend themselves to most dispassionate observers." "If, in the exaltation of common sacrifice, a better plan of Government cannot be found, f greatly fear that* it will not be found when peace returns."
In conclusion, Mr. Wilson spok* of the "terrible confirmation" during 1940 of hie statement made a year ago, that "the very existence of the Empire is at stake” in this war. "I fear that at times we are inclined to forget the bloody tyranny within Germany itself, the steady extermination of the de- • fenceless Poles, the senseless slaughter of 30,000 civilians in Rotterdam, the invasions of Norway, Denmark, Holland, Belgium following solemn undertakings to respect their neutrality, and the wanton destruction of historic buildings and churches, sacred not only to the whole English-speaking world but associated with the finest traditions of all humanity. These are things which we must
not forget if we are to retain a proper appreciation of what we are fighting against. The new world
order proposed by Hitler is one in which truth and honour have no meaning, law has no force, human, dignity no place; a corrupt and corrupting tyranny, the qualifications for leadership of which embrace the basest traits of man."
Some of the factors having a vital bearing on the extent and effectiveness of Canada’s War Effort were dealt with extensively by Morris W. Wilson, President and Managing Director, at the Seventy-Second Annual Meeting of The Royal Bank of Canada in Montreal. Mr. Wilson drew attention to the fact that transition of Canada from peace-time to war-time economy had been made without financial disturbance or strain, and remarked on the essential soundness of Canada’s financial position at the present time.
Wilson, however, warn.ed
that in the year ahead the finan cial problem would be more diffi cult and called for drastic retrench ment by the public and by gov ernments in order that the maxi mum effort might be devoted to war purposes.
“There is little evidence of restriction of even extravagant expenditures on the part of the public as a whole, except insofar as this line of action has been made necessary by the incidence of taxation," he said. “Unless the public are prepared to save a very large proportion of the increased wages and salaries which are being distributed, there are three alternatives before us:
(1)	The Government must further drastically increase taxation,
a

re-

&

I
Champion Eiderdown Hoga-Baba, ABOVE, Persian cat owned by Mrs. Mary B. Warfel-Smith, of Pittman, N.J., took best of show honors in the recent Atlantic Cat club annual show.
ing
w
vitamin C content of apples varies considerably in different varieties, but this fruit is generally considered a fair source of vitait has been found that
v
>
she ran to the side of the moving vehicle, opened the door, hopped in and applied the brakes.
Then she got out and looked for the driver. A mere man appeared, and she asked: your car?”
He admitted ownership.
"Well,” she said, “it was ni in g away down the street.”
"I know it was,” said the man, sadly, the garage.”
min C.
the tissue immediately next to the peel has the highest content, eo that there Is some advantage
in eating apples unpeeled.
AT LEAST ONCE DAILY
Vitamin C is readily destroyed by oxidation or exposure to air. Modem commercial canning practice retains most of the vitamin in canned fruits, generally have little vitamin C potency. Fruits are the chief source of the alkali salts of the organic acids, malic and citric. These salts correct acid reactions in the body, caused by the consumption of proteins and starches, and have mild laxative properties.
Recent biochemical research indicates that pectin has valuable colloidal properties which assist the processes of digestion. Fruits in general provide the best source of pectin, although the amount and quality varies considerably in different fruits. Pectin usually reaches its maximum as to quantity and quality at maturity. Apples are notable both for the quality and quantity of pectin and are one of the best sources of this material. Fruits stimulate the skin and kidneys and help to keep the natural processes of the body functioning properly. They should be served either raw or cooked at least once daily.
—Science Service News.
Seeing Through Waves
Mr
The Yogi idea that emotions and thoughts are as solid as what we term material things is not so fantastic as it may seem. A research worker at Hospital, London, declares that he has actually seen through waves. He invented a sensitizer, which enables him to observe waves 800-millionths of a millimetre in length, which he believes emanate from the brain. This has yet to be proved, but if it ie, transmission of thought brought from a possibility to a scientific probability. By a queer coincidence, these thought waves are of exactly the same length the shortest raye which reach us from the sun, which maks one wonder whether thought and the matter of the universe are linked in some indefinable manner.
"Is th's
Modem
Etiquette
vu fi-
St. Thomas'
Dried fruits
"I was pushing it to
v
Hi
BY ROBERTA LEE
—o--
"My father was a Pole." "North or South?”
—0—
L Isn't it allright for a persan to ask an intimate friend how
old ft is?
2. When should a woman rise to receive an introduction to a
man?
8. Should a house guest clean her own room?
4. Shouldn’t
will be
The Hollywood film director who had lunched very unwisely returned to tho studio for an interview with author, ing.
ers
a distinguished His visitor was wait-
uninvited guest be accorded the same welcome as any other guest?
5. When a girl has been given two theatre tickets, would It be all right for her to invite a young she knows well to be her
or
an
(2)	A system of forced savings muet be adopted, or
(3)	The well known inflationary spiral will steadily gain headway.
"Nor am I sure that Federal, Provincial and Municipal authorities have eliminated from their budgets all unnecessary expenditures and postponed all capital outlays that can possibly be deferred, as they should do in war time."
TAXATION
Mr. Wilson expressed the opinion that "a considerably larger proportion of our costs should be met by taxation than has been indicated by any plans so far discussed. It seems quite clear that at the present tempo of business our national
income is increasing at a much greater rate than the aggregate of all taxes."
Due to present business activity Provinces and Municipalities have had the problem of unemployment automatically solved for them and for the same reason their revenues have become increasingly buoyant. "I trust this situation will result In definite tax reductions by them in order to cushion the effects of greatly increased Federal taxation," said Mr. Wilson.
While admitting that no perfect scheme of taxing profits or income had ever been devised. Mr. Wilson expressed the opinion that present corporation taxes are not designed to produce either the maximum returns or to spread the incidence of taxation fairly over industry as a whole.
"I advocate nothing that would tend to reduce total Federal corporation taxes, but I • am afraid that the Excess Profits Tax Is going to hear unfairly on companies that during the period of the depression have been far from prosperous, as compared with those that have all along given a reasonable return to shareholders.
“Before leaving the question of war taxes. I should like to say that I think the personal bicorne tax has been raised to the full extent that is economically desirable."
WAR SAVINGS
Mr. Wilson considered the present efforts to expand sales of War Savings Certificates by far the most important feature of Government finance.
“ThisIs not because of the sums involved. The great bulk of our war financing must as usual be by way of bond issues. But I feel that it has not been sufficiently emphasized nor understood that savings by individuals In the lower income brackets are essential for another reason of the greatest national importance. Once definite shortages of labour, materials or capital equipment appear, personal savings become imperative. At that stage, only by curtailment in the production of consumers' goods can the production of war materials be increased. But surprising ms it may appear, those In the lower income brackets are responsible for a great deal more than half the total purchase* of consumers' goods. Full use of increased purchasing power would mean that Instead of the demand for ordinary goods being reduced. It would be greatly
The director sat down and took up what he thought was a manuscript, but what, in reality, was the local telephone directory. This he studied gravely for some moments before saying:
"Say, this isn't a bad IV1 tale, but you’ll have to cut down the number of characters."
AVE
escort?
6. Should one use a fork or the fingers when eating French fried potatoes?
i
• u
YOU HEARD?
Answers
1. No. It is tactless to do so. Some people are sensitive about their ages, the hostess, not only rises but extends her hand in greeting. 8. Yes, if the hostess has no servant. At least, she should make a sincere offer to do so. 4. Shakespeare's ans-to this question is, "Unhid-
i
The height of a girl’» ambition is often between five-ten and six feet
wandering the Rockies in search of to whom he had been giv-
A traveller was across
2. Only when she is In this instance she
a man
tn a letter of introduction.
After a long and tedious jour-he hailed a wild-looking fel-
Oldest Bat Dates Back 60,000,00 Years
ney
low who was smoking outside a
shack.
"Does Hard Pete live near here?” asked the traveller.
"No,” said the man.
"Then can you tell me where I can find his friend and neighbour, Rough-House Joe?
"Pm Rough-House Joe!”
"Well, they told me Hard Pete lived within gunshot of you.” "He did.”
WIN*,WAR
wer
den guests are often weleomest when they are gone.” 6. Yes; this is often done. 6. The fork should be used.
Dr. Glenn L. Jepsen, Assistant Professor of Geology at Princeton University, has announced that a small fossil found five years ago in southwestern Wyoming had been identified as tre oldest known skeleton of a bat.
STAMPS
I How Css I?
*	BY ANNE ASHLEY
O»,
Prof es nr Jepsen estimated the fossil's age at 60,000,000 years, 40,000,00c more than that of any other bat skelton definitely identified it, the Western Hem-
not\
!
"What inspired the oldtime pioneers to «et forth
Q. How can I cause nails to etay more firmly in plaster walls? ' A. After driving the nails into the plaster walls, pull them out, wrap them with a little steel L and then dnve them in
in their covered wagons?”
isphere.
"Well, maybe they didn’t want te wait about 30 years
Newsprint production in Canada during the first nine montas of 1940 totalled 2,573,605 ton* compared with 2,058,899 tons in the corresponding period of 1939, an increase of 25 per cent.
for a train.”
She was a very efficient young woman. One day she saw a large car rolling slowly down the street without a driver. Unhesitatingly
again.
Q. What is a good substitute for castor oil?
A. Prune juice makes a good substitute. Soak the prunes over eight Stew them in the water in which they are soaked and pierce them with a fork to let out the juice when they are tender.
Do not sweeten.
Q. How can I preserve eggs?
A. Eggu may be preserved for many months by first coating them with lard or grease, and then packing them in bran.
Q. How can I clean old coins?
A. Clean them with powdered whiting applied with a damp cloth. Try placing the coin in a raw white potato and allow to remain for about twelve hours, and this will restore the original
GENERAL MANAGER’S ADDRESS
In presenting the financial statement for the year, S. G. Dobson, General Manager, stated that Canadian business was experiencing unprecedented activity and that the peak had not yet been reached.
Extending thanks of Director» and Executives to the bank's 7,000 employees, Mr. Dobson said: "Four hundred and forty-six members of our .staff have enlisted for military service, and one hundred and fifty-eight more have been accepted and are subject to call. Leave of •
absence has been granted to all those who have enlisted, and positions will be available to them when they return. Married men are being paid the difference between three-quarters of salary and army pay and single men the difference between two-thirds of salary and army pay.
“The employees of our two London offices are performing their daily work amidst the death and destruction of modern warfare, and are carrying on in the characteristic British way. We cannot speak c too highly • of their courage and fortitude, which fill ua with admiration. Up to date there has been only one fatal casualty.”
Under the stimulus of war, business would experience still greater I activity during 1941. "The Royal Bank,” said Mr. Dobson, "is fully, equipped to take care of all additional demands which may be mad* upon It to finance or otherwise handle this increased activity snà thus contribute it# share to Oan-ada’s war effort”
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
• # I
• • •
STAMP COLLECTORS
OEl'Ell TO INVENTORS
AI TOMOTI \ K PAR I S
FREE! UNUSED SET WILL ROGers Airmail stamps to serious approval applicants. Gene Kuloleo-skl, Vita. Manitoba._______
an offer to every inventor
List of inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co., Registered, Patent Attorneys, 273 Bank Street. Ottawa. Canada.
Car and Tractor Parts
NEW AND USED AT lAiWEST prices. Used electric motors all sixes. Satisfaction or money refunded. General Auto Supply. Kitchener.	________________
STORE EQUIPMENT
MEDICAL
MERCHANTS - BAKERS SAVE ON EQUIPMENT
BAIIY CHICKS
DON'T DELAY! EVERY SUFI EH-er of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Mun-ro's Drug Store, 335 Elgin. Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
START WITH TOP NOTCH CHICKS this year and you will end the season with more money in your pocket. Chicks from bloodtested stock. Free circular, also laying pullets. Top Notch t’hickeries, < luelph, Ontario.
U R E A D WRAPPING MACH1 NE and Pans. Meat Grinders. Coffee Mills, Ceiling Fans. Combination Fish Counter and Sink, Toledo ten pound scales, Miscellaneous other equipment. Write or phone A A P Tea Co.. 135 Laughton Avc., Toronto. LYndhurst 1151.___________
INDIES—IF DELAYED. PAINFUL Irregular periods wôrry you take Fem-a-Tone, the prompt, effective relief. Relieve yourself of worry, unnecessary suffering. Battle 12. postpaid, international Distributor*, Box 102A, Toronto
luster.
Q. How can I reduce the shrinking of woollens to * minimum?
A. Observe these three things: Use warm water, use mild soap, and allow to dry slowly.
Q How can I revive a house plant that seems to be dying?
A. Try pouring a tablespoonful of castor oil around the roots #f the plant. This treatment ti often effective, especially with v ferns.
MAKE THIS YEAR A BRAY YEAR, like thousands poultry-keepers, ••go pleased with last lot, want
Eric Cartwright.
SUFFERERS!
says
moi v
Write for price list, order chick a now and get Free Hray Chick Uuurd. Catalogue. Daily Specials. Bray Hatchery, 130 John. Hamilton. Ont.	_____
PROVEN REMEDY —» EVERY SUFferer of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy, Munro’s Drug Store. 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
MEN WANTED
LOCAL MAN — GOOD PAY WEEKly. Full or spare time. Book orders for Canada's finest trees, plants. Experience unnecessary. Sales outfit free. E. D. SMITH’S NUKS-DRIBS, Winona, Ont.
COLLECTOR*
HAVE YOU GOITRE? GET “AB-sorUo” for relief. J, A Johnston 171 King St. E, Trinity 1597.
1941. NEW YEAR, PRESENTATION Commémoratives, Pictorials, Colonials. Foreign, 18c. U years àellectlng. Duplicates, world dle-fley. Your opportunity. Shrimpton Wadena, Saak._______
Co
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
LOAN WANTED
WANTED:	LOAN OF Ffl TEEN
Hundred dollars on 75 acres in Callander. A. Foxwell, 117 Blackthorn Ave., Toronto.
New
Used
ELECTRIC MOTORS FOR SALB
SPECIALIZING IN REBUILT MOTOR*. POWER-UNITS. Hydraulic ¦ elate. Wlaeh
USCTIUO MOTOR». Nfi
"TBwy,6m Â
d. Toronto.	_
W AND
MALI PAI
who suffer painful, lm
ft
TRY IMPERIAL
U
Rxrkaege Service, SailafRodon or
Radie tara —
GSaeo —
Levy Auto Perla Dept. J. T
FOR FINE QUAL1T7 PHOTO Finishing. Any « or 8 Exposure film developed and printed, with enlargement, 26c. Careful processing by experts who know how. assures satisfaction. Imperial Photo Service, Dept. A., Station J., Toronto.
ftsls with nervous moody spells 4
SiimsaæzSï
lu
LEGAL
LINDSAY, LAW OFFICE. CAP'S Building, St. Thomas, dal Department for
$. H. LIND8A
(KtgrîoT^eoiai v Fe- mers collections.

ISSUE 4—’41
###PAGE###4###
r

-y.
1
*TT*

' i
t

iOQQDQOQQDOQQQQQO

1/1/
50;
!
THE EQUITY
Correspondence
X
X
V
Hodgins Garage
\
Editor The Eqtity
v
S
SHAffVILLE, JAN. 30,1, .1941
regarding the so-called “Business Tax I would like to make the following remarks :—
This By-law was passed by Council at the request of the business j»eople of Shawvillc, as a protection against outsiders coming in temporarily and setting up business to the prejudice of local residents.
However, taxes cannot be imposed on outsiders unless the local businesses are also taxed. The maximum tor outsiders is $100.00 and the minimum for locals is g 1.00. This Council fixed the minimum of $ 1.00. which can hardly be
.	., , ,	.	i- . _ .called a tax at all, as the net revenues
and published by the Canadian Asso- therefrom Afler deducting collection
cahon for Adult Education. This "»L„m,are negligible, one of the most extensive projects ever Thig ,, V valid by-law, regularly undertaken in Canada. The	|)as3ed by the Council. and until it is
Aduh Education Semee of Lennox-	the tax must be paid. A
ville is handling the Quebec region. Collrt action has already been entered!
«5 «sur jss ta to
areas concerned. The groups held their B Uw is «ny protection, they should
si	-utsar“
weeks. Dramatized versions of the r	Yours truly,
problems are broadcast, and on the	^ ^ j^0W VT
basis of these and the printed material	Secretary-Treasurer
provided, the questions are discussed by	Village 0f Shawvillc
wide awake farmers everywhere	1
Reports are being sent in every week from all registered groups on the conclusions reached at their Farm Forums.
These will all be pooled a ne*, analyzed to reveal the opinion of the farmers in
Eastern Canada.	T>
All organizational and contact work To the Ratepayers in Quebec is being done by the Rural Municipality of Shaw \ ille -
Adult Education Service in Lennoxville. | Attention is drawn to amendments
passed by By Law 122 known as Business Tax By Law, on the 9th of September, 1940.
1. By adding thereto, after Paragraph 9, the following Paragraph
_	_	, 9a —The Mayor of the Corporation
For the past twenty five years sever-1of llle Village of SC.wville, shall have al million pounds of wool have been pf)Wer AUd authority, on behalf and in graded according to official stan- the name of the said Corporation and dards, ror the first time the entire without having to secure any other clip of commercial wool in 1941 will be j autfiorization of the Council b> graded and sold according to grade. N ot
Save Money On Hogs
V
$
X
S
The C. B. C Farm Radio Forum
x
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
N
d
9
x
x
Large numbers of groups of English farmers have been recently organized all over Eastern Canada. These groups, from Ontario to the Maritimes, are studying the problems confronted by the farmer these days. Study material on the important farming questions, that have so dramatically come into the s|K>tlight a short while ago, has been prepared under the editorship of Dean XV. H. Brittain of Macdonald College,


FOR SALE
$$$$$$ $
H
a
\


ELECTRIC MOTOR
\
Shur-Gain 41 per cent. Hog Concentrate will save you 350-lbs of grain on every Hog you raise.
At present prices this means a saving of $3,50 per hog.
Parkinson Electric Motor, 3û h. p., 3 phase, r p m 1,160, 550 volt, starting compensator, and two transformers, The above motor is in perfect condition and will be sold at a bargain
RENFREW WASHING MACHINE
Benfrew Washing Machine, hand operated, including clothes wringer.
CLYDESDALE COLTS
Pair of Clydesdale Geldings, two and three years old, well matched, will.be very heavy.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., BEC'O-
!
USED CARS
PUBLIC NOTICE
One 1937 Chevrolet Sedan Two 1938 Chevrolet Sedans One 1939 Chevrolet Sedan
¦
A. Y. P. A. Service
Cemetery Donations
An inauguration service for the Greermount A Y. P. A. was held in St. Stephen’s Church on Sunday, January 12 when the following were installed in office :
President. Pearl Crawford, Vice president, Roberta Smith, Secretary, Grace Tubman : Treasurer, Lloyd Atkinson.
The following were also admit fed as members, Erwin Heck and Ebert Smith.
The lesson. Ecclesiastics, Chan
Mr John R McDowell, Treasurer ter 12, was read by Ebert Smith.
The admission ot members was
conducted by the prsident l’earl Ci a xv lord.
The officers were installed by the Rev K. C. Holton, who preached on the text, Isaiah, 4'».
Dr. D. J. Campbell, treasurer of the Cemetery Fund, acknowledges, with thanks, the following ionations;-
Shawville Women’s Institute
C. L. Dde ................
Mrs. F. F. C*rrigin ......
John J. Caldwell
Joseph Brown, sr.......
Win II. Howard ...........
Mrs. Robert Telford......
\
J. L. HODG1NS
8
Importance of Wool
Phone 64-J.
$50 00 .82.00 .82 00
A
810 00
8125
2.00
resoiti-
.	,	il»,	.bon, to retain the services of any
since the last war has wool played such practising lawyer to take legal proceed-an important part in the nations war ings, prosecute and sue any person, effort as it does now. In 1940 Canada f]rm or Corporation who may contravene used the equivalent of approximately provisions of this By-Law. 70,000,000 pounds, much of this vol- o That the penalty for infringement haying been imported from other of the said By-Law be fixed at the exparts of the empire and some from I act and definite stun of Twenty dollars South America. Present indications #20.00) and .costs, for each infringe-are that Canadian requirements will ment thereof, in the place and stead of arproxinmte ten million pounds in 19)1. K penalty not exceeding Twenty dollars The volume of Canadian wool pro- a^d costs as provided in Paragraph 8 of duced in relation to the total require t|je said By-Law. ments is at present relatively small
ESTABLISHED 1883
Cemetery, acknoxv the following don
of Mtp!e Grove ledges with thank ations.
INVALID
COACH
M Donald Baker
.92.01'
unie
GEORGE HYNES Ss SON
To Prevent Nervousness
Learn to relax, ho»;, at work and during leisure hours, if you want to avoid that bugaboo of civilization, nervous tension, Leonard Allen, New .	.	, j • •	4	,	9b. The tax payable by virtue of	the	York, advises. Here are a few sim-
centage of wool	produced in western present By-Law shall become due and	pie suggestions:
Canada is of the quail.y known as mil- payable during the month January in At work avoid the strain of monotit ary wool. It is important, therefore	eac|,	year, ln the case of persons,	firms	ony and immobility; get up and
to retain the essential characteristics of	and	corporations actually doing	busi-	stretch or walk about for a few motile various grades of wool.	ness	at the commencement of the	year,	ments each hour. Plan a oomplete
On the sea, in the air and on the	anfj	jn hjj 0ther cases, before business | break from activity sometime dur-
ground wool keeps the armed forces commences.	ing the day.
w*arm and comfortable. Every pound The list of those liable for this tax, Check up periodically to see of wool produced in Canada in 1941 prepared by the Valuators, is deposited whether your workday activities are win be needed	in my office.	all aimed directly at the attainment
Keep the fleece	clean should	be the.	Shawville, 91st January, 1941.	of your goal. Tolerate useless	activ-
care of every sheep raiser from	now	„ /, i>OWAT	ities only as recreation. Keep	away
until shearing time. If Canadian wool	Secretary Treasurer from unnecessary deadlines,
is kept free of seeds, chaff and burrs, a	Villa noShawville If you are a housewife, Mr. Allen
large quantity of clean fleeces can be|	6	suggests, “keep a chair or stool in
piled up in the various grades, all of 1	----- •------------ * the kitchen so that you may be seat-
which are suitable for the various lines	ed while you work. Avoid body
of manufacture, either for military or	strain by wearing sensible shoes, not
civilian trade.	-	I p0or Readers, Intelligent Otherwise bedroom slippers. Eat at mealtime,
The discovery that as many as [ and keep away from the icebox be-four out of every five persons re larded in reading ability have nor
mal or superior intelligence has I excessively fussy about housework; prompted the Reading Clinic at the strike a happy medium instead.”
Pennsylvania State college to en During your leisure, learn to for-large its program of instruction | get your work entirely. Recreation
should not involve activity too closely resembling your work. Nor is it wise to clutter your leisure time with ceaseless activity. “People unwisely assume that vigorous récréa-	,	......
tional activity will naturally neutral- county and was buried in Lebanon
ize tension developed on their jobs, county. The territory in which he
lived was subdivided from 1712 to
1786, thus accounting for the
:hanges, historical researchers said.
Directors of Funeral Service
Automobile Sickness
Recent authorities of nausea resulting from prolonged automobile riding have led some authorities to believe that frequently such carsickness results from ocular fatigue, reports the Better Vision institute.
When an automobile is moving I rapidly, objects flit in and out of ; one’s line of vision. If the eye i mechanism is in balance and func-! lions easily, the images formed on j each retina are transformed simul-| taneously to the brain, where they fuse properly. In the case of muscular or other unbalance in the see
i ing mechanism, considerable strain	4 _
I is placed upon the eyes to bring consequential at first, but daily repe-
about the adjustment needed to ob- I , !°n. of annoying habits frequently
lead husband or wife to confess, “I
want a divorce.”
There’s the fellow who was probably a star halfback at college. Right now he follows the old Indian custom of letting his wife walk five paces behind him, never holds a door for her, and always lets her carry the groceries.
There's the sloppy woman, her house usually in a mess, ash trays .flowing over, and never a clean towel in the bathroom.
Then there's the energetic male who is always going to do great things, gets up early Sunday ing and fools around under the until wifie calls breakfast, breakfast he retires to the living room and lounges in her best chair, eventually dropping ashes on the new rpg.
And that frivolous female whose feelings are easily hurt She can’t maké up her own mind about anything. Wants to be pampered.
The Battle of the Sexes starts from just such annoyances as these. You probably think of many others. Like the energetic wife who won't let her husband relax, and the rover boy who never knows when to come home. But stop. Check your own marital habits against these minor irritations before the light of your life starts mumbling something about “I want a divorce.”
..	.	. ,,	.3 By adding the following Paragraph
However, the bulk of eastern pro- of the gaid By.Law
duct ion and a veiy conisderable per
Shawville, Que.
i
Phone 8D
Styles' That Irritate
Raw Furs Wanted
And Climax in Divorce
Husbands and wives can hurdle a
crisis, pick themselves up and be on I wi>h to announce to the public that their own united way. But it’s the I am in the market for all kinds of
little things that irritate to the Seasonable Raw Fur and assure highest
breaking point. They may seem in- j maiket prices
NORRIS li. HORNER Licensed Fur Dealer, Shawville, Que.
tain a simultaneous recording in the brain of the images supplied by both It is believed, says the in-
I'hore, 43
eyes
stitute, that the efforts to make these adjustments cause fatigue that often results in nausea.
Property and Business For Sale or Rent
tween times. Set aside a regular rest period each day. Do not be
South Onslow Council
History Moved, Not Man
Alexander Scheffer lived from birth to death within an area of three blocks in the town of Schaffers town, Pa., and still was a resident of four different counties. He was born in Chester county, married in Lancaster county, died in Dauphin
January 17, 1141
A special meeting of the Municipal Council of the Township of South Onslow, was held on the above date at the usual place of meeting.
All members having received due notice. Meeting called for appointing a I g Councillor for seat No. 5. Not being) , a puorum Council adjourned until Mon day, January 20th.
Owing to impaired health I have decided to sell or rent my business and property on Main Street. Shaw ville. 1 his a good business for a young man. It includes the Ford Motor Sales ; Frost & Wood and Cockshutt farm Machinery ; The Waterloo Thresh-After '"g Machines ; The Hart Par Tractor and Lister Cream Seuerafors. Gasolene pumps on property. Easy terms on property which contains four lots and | twe dwelling houses.
Apply to
“Too many people believe that reading problems are solved :n the first s:x grades of a child's educa ttur.a! experience Lrnn.ett A. Betts, who is in charge the clinic
tween 8 and 25 per cent of all school h:Idien have reading faults and as ugh as 50 pvt vent of adults display title interest in reading.”
In the face of these findings, it ts he job of educators through mod ern methods, to correct reading dit icultics while the person is still L :c! nol, he said.
explained Di
morn
car
On the contrary, be
but this may not be true,” the author says
ary, new exertion will simply create added strain. Always devote a certain portion of your leisure to complete rest.”
Unless rest is an intermedi
Monday, January 20th The newly elected Mayor and Coun ci Hors filed their oaths of office. Mem bers present were, Wyman MacKechnie Mayor, and Councillors, Westbrook Young and Clarke.
On motion of Crs. Clarke and West brook, that Edward Stanton be appointed Councillor for seat No. 5.—Carried On motion of Crs. Young the meeting then adjourned.
First Church Introducing Chanting
The honor of being the first church to introduce chanting into this country is divided between Christ churoh
church in Marblehead, Mass., where it was first introduced in 1787. The popularization of chanting was the work of the Rev. William Smith Connecticut clergyman Sunday started
Divle Bethune and Mrs. Isabella Graham
reached the West with the forma tion of a Sunday school in Pitts burgh.
G. A. HOWARD Shawville, Que
V
Wanted: Hot Flugelhorn
Player, Must Be Good
The following classified ad appeared in a newspaper:
“MUSICIAN: hot flugelhorn player, must be able to take solos, swing blues. Apply W. W. Herman, Circle 7-0162.
It seemed like a good idea to find out what a flugelhorn was, nobody around the office knowing, except perhaps H. A. S , whose day off it was. A call elicited the following:
“A flugelhorn is a four-valved ill' strumenf, a little larger than a trumpet, but resembling a trumpet in size, shape, and form. Its pitch is B-flat, producing a tone between a trumpet and a trombone. The technical manipulation is that of a trum-
The lip action in the blowing ol the instrument is somewhere between that for a trumpet and a trombone, and needs special aptitude in blowing. The technical name for the lip action is ‘embouchure.’ The instrument has a baritone voice.”
The advertiser explained that it was one of the oldest brass instruments, but had never been used to play hot music before.
t
Philadelphia, and the
can
for SALE
He’ll Take the Suit
Gabriel Gallardo figures he's just is good as in the army now. He's !5, lives in San Francisco, and h:;.ks the conscription chiefs have h's number already. So why should ne buy himself a new suit if Uncle 3am is taking his measurements? Xrguing along that line, he told his .ailurs he didn't think he'd keep the suit they made to order for him for W5. He wouldn’t be needing it now, thanks. The tailors felt differently ibout the work they had done and Li.uught suit against Mr. Gallardo n the small claims court. Municipal Judge Kaufman pointed out that, even if he is conscripted, Mr. Gallardo will appreciate a change into “civies” on his day off, and told him to start paying.	I
Jos. A. Steele. Secretary-Treasurer
1 Black work mare, rising f> years ;
1 pair Clydesdale gelding foals, matched 1 pure bred Yorkshire hog 5 pure bred Holstein bull calves.
Apply to
ARTHUR KILGOUR,
,	Shawville, Que,
a

The first School in New York was in 1803 by Mr. and Mrs.
Record Egg Exports
In 1809 the movement
Rhone 11 --10
During the 12 months of 1940, ( adian shipments of eggs to Great Brit sin totalled more than 656,000 the largest on record and more than ten times the volume shipped during the corresponding period of 1939.
These exports made through the regular trade channels and without formal agreements between govern ments were regarded am a stabilizing factor in Canadian egg prices in 1940.
Although in recent negotiations formal contracts for the export of eggs were made, it is expected that during ,)9jl the British Ministry of Food will .continue to purchase Canadian
an
Liquid saves Hosiery
To make sure ytty get the * out of your stocking budget, try__
University Gets Ancient ManuscfifM j fyin£ a certain little tube of stock-Yale university has been given a n>8‘92,V£r ^ bag. Its name is musical manuscript written in 1470. RHfl-ivStop and it's a godsend to The donor was Paul Mellon of Pitts- every woman who’s had the annoy-ourgh. The manuscript was written ance oi sprouting a run in her best for the court of St. Charles the Bold (or even second-best) hose, either and contains 57 compositions in five I in a Public place, where it’s em-anguages. It was lost for about 500 harrassing, or at home where she’s /ears. It is designated by the dressing against time.
French name, “chansonnier” and is To apply this quick-drying con-mHialed and bordered in gold, crim- venient preventive, just squeeze n son and blue. Three of the lan- drop on the damaged spot If it’s juages are in English, establishing a run, seal the ends with the fluid* Great Britain’s influence on the mu- if it’s a snag, be sure to catch all sic of the continent. Fourteen origi- the loose threads lal pieces are included in one of | Tests have shown Run-H-Stoo to
.hem, “L'Homme Arme,” has been I be just as effective on Nylons as on sought for almost a century.	silks._________________ ” ”
Tenders Wanted
cases
most
car
Tenders tf'fli be received up to Feb.
10th, 1941, for fife erection of new schools in No. 10 and t3f districts of which plans and specifications Can be seen at the Secretary’s office.
Contractors shall submit their fenders in sealed envelopes endorsed, Tender for School Building in District No. 10 or 13, ( whichever the case may be, )Sebool Municipality of Clarendon, ” and addrrss same to the Secretary of the School Board.
The Board reserves the right to reject any or all tenders.
any
pet
no
Women Poor Parkers
Speaking of parking, why is it women are such poor packers of cars? It is because their clothes are too tight around the arms and they are afraid if tbmy turn the steering wheel, too nfuCt they will rip their sleeves.
eggs in
quantities. The Ministry constitutes itself the sole purchaser of imported eggs in Great Britain, and Canadian exporters negoriate their sales to the Ministry through the medium of their agents located in that country.
J. A. DEAN
Secretary Treasurer
School Muntcijalfty of Clarendon
###PAGE###5###
1
?
/
1
I
4

1


Annual Meeting of St. Stephen a Church, Crcermount
h
Special Sale of Men’s Rubbers
9
The Equity
i
i
Stanfield’s Underwear At Reduced Prices
The follow ing officers elected foi 1941 at the annual try meeting. St. Stephen's Church. Cheer mount :
Minister’s Warden, Clifford Atkinson ; People's Warden, Ce orge Tubman ; Liy delegates, George Tubman and Allan Smith.
Plans were laid to complete the jti painting of the Church shed in the * spring and it was agreed that the Congregation favoured co-operating with the Orange Lodge in a suggested plan to enlarge the the Orange Hall building so that par t of it might be used for parish activities.
The wardens reported that all pledges and expenses had been paid ; that there was a credit balance in the general account, and that the stipend fund had been over* subscribed. , ft was unanimously agreed that the stipend guarantee be increased by twenty five per cent, and steps were marie for the early collection of the 1941 mission budget.
Votes of thanks were given to the Wardens, C Atkinson and to Geo. Tubman and to the organist, Mrs. Gordon Smith.
The Incumbent, K, C. Bolton conducted the meeting.
were
ves-
i
m

9
established 1883
PUBLISHED *1 VERY THURSDAY AT
SHAW VILLE, QUEBEC
9
1
9
l
annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada .. $1.50 To United States
I
2.00
Clearing Discontinued Lines
¦ Real Bargains -
A arrears must be paid In full before any paper Is discontinue
Gold Label Shirts and Drawers Regular $2.00 for $1.75
W. O.COWAN, PUBLISHER
Gold Label Combinations Regular $3.75 for $3.45
Men’s Garry, 7 inch leather top at $1.98
Men’s Heavy Gum Rubbers.
"Booth” at $1.69,
Men’s “Kippen” and “Severn” 12 inch top
$2.65
Men s "Kippen” 15 inch top. heavy black
bottoms, $3.65
Men’s “Bruno” 12 inch full grain leather top
$3.95.
Men’s $4.35
Refugees Burn Money
To Escape Confiscation
Some of the people who evacuated foreign branches of the big movie companies are said to have made a pleasant discovery that it’s possible to take money out of Hitler’s Europe. A man who claims to have done it told how it was done.
First he liquidated everything he owned. Then, by paying a premium, he managed to change his marks into U. S. currency.
This money was taken to an American diplomatic representative and, after being examined, was burned there by its owner. The official then provided a document saying that to his certain knowledge bills of such-and-such denominations and serial numbers had been completely destroyed while in the possession of Mr. So-and-So.
' The latter, after returning to this country, presented the document and eventually received new currency.
Asked how about our law against mutilating or defacing U. S. money, Mr. So-and-So said he guessed the law wouldn’t apply over there or maybe that the currency could be considered lost to use and therefore already destroyed before he got hold of it. In any case, he didn't tb;nk he’d be prosecuted.
Beaver” and
i «
Red Label Combinations Regular $4,50 for $3.95
Fleece-lined Combinations Regular $1.75 for $1.59
Bruno” 15 inch full grain leather top,
4.
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
Service Announcement
Shaw ville United Church Rev A. F. Pokes B. A., B.D. Pastor
Sunday, February 2nd
11,00 a.m.—Service at Shixwvi lie 1 30 p.m.—Service at Zion.
3.00 p.m.—Service at Stark’s Corners Sermon subject :
44 Fresh Manna Every Day’’
7.30,p.m.—Service at Shaw ville Sermon subject ;
“How much do you count V
Men s Heavy Work Socks, 35 to 75 cts per pr. Men’s Heavy Black Breeks, $2.79
Ask for the following specials -
Old Hickory Smoke Salt, 10-îb tin....	$1.15
Soap Flakes, surprise package only.
Corn Flakes, with tumblers and value
S
coupons, three fur......
Krumbles, the new cereal ..........
Exchange your value coupons f< utnl in the Com Flakes offer for this ap petizing new Breakfast Food.


The Hodgins Lumber Co.
18 j
25c
WANTED
15c
Bristol United Church * Rkv £. Armstrong-Salls B.D.
Sunday. February 2nd
Chic Looking Not Expensive
Perfect grooming—of her clothes as well as herself—always is the answer for the chic and smart looking woman, regardless of her unlimited or limited budget.
A clean, carefully pressed $5 dress can do much more for any woman than a slightly wrinkled, mildly dingy $50 dress. A $25 hat docs nothing for even a glamour girl's face if the veiling on it is wilted or the ribbon band a bit bedraggled.
There are no two ways about it— clothes demand attention, and if you make careful inquiries and get honest answers you'll find that every truly chic woman with low or moderate budget spends at least one evening a week keeping her wardrobe in order.
You'll discover that she keeps a bottle of good cleaning fluid handy and that she uses it on her hats as well as her dress or blouse in order to remove small spots or stains. She attends to buttons when they become loose instead of waiting for them to fall off.
the stitch-in-time story, lias a good clothes brush and a hat brush and a suede brush and she uses them every day.
All kinds of SAW LOGS
Sr. Andrew’*, service at 10.30 a. m. Sunday School at 11.30 a.m.
! Austin,
x
Apples !
Apples !
service at	2.20 p. m.

To be delivered or left at roadside for
truck haul.
8
ANGLICAN
St Pall’.* '
Sunday, February 2nd
8a. rn.—Holy Communion
10.00	a.m.—Sunday Scbord
11 00 a. ru.—Holy Communion 7 30 p.m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s
2.00	p, m.—Holy Communion
Holy Trinity Service withdrawn
. i:->
D
a

EATING wut COOKING
Phone 27
?
sS
! THE HODCINS LUMBER COMPANY

•w
Shawville,
Quebec




a ta
m

¦
#.
Cemetery Memorials
1
N O RT H Cl A REN DON P.A RISI1
Rev. K. ( Bolton, B A., L.Th. Sunday, February 2nd
St. Matthew’s Church, Charteris Holy Communion, 10.30 a. m,
St. Stephen’s Church, Greer Mount Evening Prayer..........	2.30
St. George’s Church, Ladysmith E venir g Prayer



She is a firm believer in
And she
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble
1
Get Oup Prices Before Buying Elsewhere
Keeping Furniture in Condition
"It's time now to think of how to care for the porch or terrace furniture which must come indoors for the winter,” says Helen Koues, director, Good Housekeeping studio. "If it is to be stored, don’t put it away dirty or in bad repair—it will surely go to pieces.”
Miss Koues stresses the point that the life of such furniture may be greatly lengthened if kept in good repair by careful cleaning, painting or shellacking each season. Scrub reed, metal or wood furniture with soap and water, and be sure to get in all the turns and twists. Sandpaper any rust from metal, cleanse and to store, protect with paper or cloth covering, held in place with
string

A large and distinctive Stock to choose from
av3
7.00
Phone, 278
We ask you to compare our No. 1 Spy Apples with any on the market to day", stock.
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
Pentecostal Assemblies
*
0
A large quantity still in
Shawville, Devotional Service, 11.00 Shaw ville, Sunday School 10.00 Shawville, Evangelic A. Routley 7.301-Bristol Ridge, Devotional Service 2.00 Bristol Ridge, Evangelistic "	7.30
Pastor, Rev. F. C. Rout ley
Mac Lean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
Special Announcement
We are glad to announce that Evangelist^ A. O. Routley, of Toronto, will commence a series of Revival Meetings at the Shawville Pentecostal Assembly on Sunday, Fed. 2nd.* Mr. Routley, a brother of Dr. F. W. Routley, National Commissioner of the Red Cross, is a very tirey and forceful speaker, and he will present the message of the hour in a very unique manner.
You are cordially invited to attend these meeting

ê
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
• I
Hursley Black Tea, per pound......
Quaker Rolled Oats, with glass, pkg Quaker Rolled Oats, plain, package
Peas, Country Kist, per tin .......
Evaporated Peaches, per pound......
Maple Leaf Pure Lard, per pound....
Soda Biscuits, Old Hickory, package
Roberts Cough Syrup, bottle .......
Oxydol, giant size package.........
Lux, Camay, Palmolive, per bar ....
65c
Wampoles
Extract
Cod Liver
f
Builds
Strong
Healthy
Bodies
( No Oil )
Cartel Is Monopoly
A cartel is a combination of industrial or business enterprises engaged in the same work for the purpose of attaining monopolistic èontrol of the market, prices, production or patents. Each company retains its own identity and freedom of action except in the matters to which the common agreement may refer. Cartels may be national or international in scope. They are comparable to the great industrial holding companies organized in the United States.
The first cartel was organized in Germany (1862) by six firms that were at that time the only producers of tinned metal sheets in Germany. The earliest conspicuously successful one was the ‘‘Irma" or Interna tional Rail Makers* association, organized in 1883. These organizations very.much to the fore in 1926 27. when they were considered a symbol of Europe resentment against the American economic position in Europe and a weapon to fight he big industrial combines ot the Jnited States.
25c
' Vet Cemeteries
The United States has established six cemeteries in France, the jurisdiction of which was placed under the American Battle Monuments commission pursuant to an executive order of February 26, 1924. The manner in which those cemeteries were obtained is as follows:
The cemeteries of the Mesue-Argonne and Suresnes (with the exception of a small parcel of ground of the latter) were purchased by the French government, which granted burial rights therein to the United States in accordance with an agreement between the French minister of war and the war department, free of cost to the United States.
“The Somme, Oise-Aisne, St. Mi-hicl, Aisne-Marne, and ground for the entrance of Suresnes cemetery were established under an agree, ment between the United States and the French government which granted perpetual use of the grounds for buria! purposes to the United States, for which the United States paid a stipulated price.”
20c
10c

18c
10c
Wilson’s Garage
25c
The Same Reliable Serv'ce
35c
49c
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
5c

o
Ford Service
!
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
Salmon and Haddock Filletts, fresh and smoked Codfish, green and blocks
came
J. P. Wilson
THE CORNER STORE
Wain Street Shawville. Quebec
Phone 40
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Wain and Centrelts
QUE.
$
SHAWVILLE.
###PAGE###6###
w
1
r-

Canadian National! . Railways Revenues
dent's "lease lend" bill of all-out aid to Britain was In process of passing the House of Representatives, from where It would go to the Senate. Debate In the Upper House was expected to continue another three weeks at least.
Such delay In legislation would do little harm to the British war
cause,
practical standards American war aid to Britain was going ahead about as fast as facilities permitted, and past British cash orders for planes, munitions, were meantime being filled.
I	The Convoy Question
I Still considered of paramount I importance, though not talked about freely in the open, was the question of the U. S. strengthening the British convoy system.
I Everyone knew that the American I aid program would be futile unless the goods produced could be delivered safely to Britain. It was I expected that much would he done I temporarily to relieve British shipping for war hauling, but the use of American warships in convoys would become a hot issue very soon.
Quiz Kids Quiz Quints’ Doctor
VOICE
Saving Ontario’s Natural Resources
THE
O F
revenues of the'all-
The gross inclusive Canadian National - ail-ways System for the wc-cl
January 7, 1941, ware ..f
as compared with......
for the corresponding period of 11)40, an 111-creuse of
PRESS
ck ending
Ü HH'J
:is
FIRST BOTTLENECK
The original bottleneck problem
started with the catsup bottle.—
— Brandon Sun
,1«4
it was thought, since by
...	8®,*25
or 22f.î>
G. C. TONER
Ontario Federation of Angler*
(NO. 26)
EXHIBITS TELL STORY
It was not long before the original Royal Ontario Museum building was found to be inadequate for the rapidly expanding exhibits and research material. A new building was projected and completed in 1933. The old part was used as a wing and the entrance now faced on
The Museum of
BETTER IN 1941
Unless you are a better man in 1941 than you were in 1940 there is not much chance that your resolutions will long survive.
—Peterborough Examiner.
Fishermen-Farm ;rs Harvest Eel Gr&?s
Eel grass in demand tor .insulation and packing is ftirftlr.fi-ing a market for great quantities of thh marine plant which is
after
SHIFTING RESPONSIBILITY
Most of us are really sincere when we ask heaven to help the poor. We feel that It relieves us of the responsibility of helping them ourselves.
—Quebec Chronicle-Telegraph.
LORD HALIFAX A contemporary hopes that censorship regulations will not require us to allude to the new British ambassador to tho United States as "Lord Eastern Canadian Port.”
—Woodstock Sentinel-Review.
along the beaches every high wind. The f-s .arm*u* farmers of the sections of tho South shore of Nova Scotia ju Shelburne have been ht rvesting tho plant and obtain'
Tho Canadian
strewn
main
Queen’s Park.
Zoology was given the complete floor of the- east wing and laboratories and workshops on the ground floor. These extensions of space enabled the institution to organize as a properly constituted museum.
In the development of the Royal Ontario Museum of Zoology, it has always been the aim to keep a proper balance between exhibits and research that is, between the popular and the scientific phases of museum work.
On the exhibition side, the aim has been to make the exhibit tell Re own story with the minimum ef descriptive label. This is ac-pliehed in part by the provis-
'ar
upper
»r ? go* n .afin, it A Un U-
price*.
Railways line follows the tie Const along this south ’ih from Halifax to Yarmouth m which annually at numbers of visitors.
mtcre.iting Iir'.s
i t y
».»
I* IS
area large
burnt» possesses with the early history of i England and during its settlement provided accoii)'.inflation for Loyalists who had 1 -New York.
4
#
FORT ERIE DID IT
Chief Constable of Fort Erie is justly proud of the town's record —seven years without a fatal motor accident on its streets. Which shows what can bo done.
—Owen Sound Sun-Times.

<
. Shelved
v*a-'y
# #
CANADA: The mountain gave birth to a mouse—stillborn. Three of work, millions of dollars
I
Dr. Allan Roy Dafoe, who brought the Dionne quintuplets into the world and is their medical guardian, looks uncomfortable at the receiving end of a barrage of questions at the N.B.C. studios in New York city when he appeared as guest observer with the Quiz Kids. The Quiz Kids, whose program ordinarily originates in Chicago, were in New York making a movie short.
years
in cash, hundreds of volumes of research material, months of publicity, appeared to have gone for naught when the conference of nine provincial premiers meeting in Ottawa last week threw out the Rowell-Sirois report (with its recommendations for reorganizing Canada’s financial structure) after only a few hours' consideration.
Time alone could tell what effect this rejection would have upon the future of the Dominion. Perhaps not as momentous as we might now think. Many wondered who was right—Mr. King, who maintained that the adoption of the report would assist in the war effort; or Mr. Hepburn, who violently opposed it, saying that the time was altogther inopportune.
Now that the report had been shelved, the machinery of our governments would doubtless continue to function as in the past— until a worse crisis forced the revamping of our set-up in its entire-
a
World Hockey Meet Planned

com
Ion dt accessory material designed to suggest something of the habitat in which animals live. This trend in museum exhibition has culminated in the habitat group which depicts an animal amid a representation of its natural surroundings. Usually such a group includes a panoramic picture as a background. Only two large habitat groups have so far been attempted, these illustrating the black bear and the passenger pigeon, but a series of twenty-four smaller exhibits of the same type illustrate the habitat of a number of common Ontario mammals, birds and reptiles.
/////
' \W v
ENERGY
TO LAUGH
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary oo Current Events

Dr. W. G. Hardy of Edmonton told the semi-annual convention of the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association that plans are under consideration for staging world hockey championship in Canada after the war.
Even before the war ends, world tournaments might be held smaller scale, said Dr. Hav-

War Awaits Spring Drives; S i r o i s Report Is Ousted
%

m
i
-a '
m
to Nazi chances of successful invasion of the British Isles, official circles in Washington were of the opinion the odds were definitely againet It.
on a
dy, past president of the C. A. H.
“Do not regard the present lull In operations a# meaning that Germany does not know what to do next. The present pause la creative and only apparent."—German Minister Goebbele.
“A final victory over ‘totalitarian Intolerance* depends up-en Anglo-American co-operation" —British Prime Minister Churc-


A.
He 'explained that the chief of the International Ice
\
t m
purpose
Hockey Association was to transfer the centre of world hockey from Belgium to Canada where it rightfully belonged. Organization of the I.L.H.A. was prompted by the outbread of war in Europe and virtual collapse of the Old World body. Ligue Internationale do Hockey Sur Glaça* Great Britain, Canada and the United States make up the new world body and Dr. Hardy said that "the Olympic committee henceforth must take us on our own terms.”
Propaganda
Offensive arid Defensive BRITAIN: The British were still In the main fighting a defensive war with Germany, awaiting the hour when they would have the full weight of American production behind them. Against Italy they were conducting a highly-successful offensive which gave promise of broadening out to wipe Mussolini's African Empire oft the map, and weaken his position In Europe beyond repair.
Choice of Two Campaigns In the Battle of the Mediterranean, the British had the choice of two major moves, of pressing the offensive in north and east Africa; or of waging war In the Balkans In earnest—perhaps gaining Turkey’s adherence. The first of these two planned campaigne would be the more likely to develop.
r

Not all the museum’s specimens are on exhibition ; in every large natural history museum; there are hundreds of specimens preserved in the research collection for every one on exhibition In the public galleries. One of the primary functions of a museum of Zoology is to study the animal life, particularly of the region it serves. The specimens on which such studies are based are secured chiefly by field surveys carried out by the Museum’s own staff, but some material is obtained by donation, by purchase, and by exchange. The need that existed prior to the establishment of the Royal Ontario Museum for an institution to investigate the animal life of Ontario is shown by the fact, that, since its inception, nearly sixty species of vertebrates not previously known to occur in Ontario have been found within our limits.
B

Bee Hive"
Syrup
c
hill.
ty.
"A spirit of mutual understanding and confidence la characteristic of the friendly relatione existing between the U. S. 8. R. and Germany.”—Tass, official Soviet ne\|f* agency.
“The war will move to a elim-In the next few months . . . perhaps In the next few weeks." —Hugh Dalton, British Minister ef Economic Warfare.
“My personal and private opinion Is that on Jan. 1 Britain •toed a 65-46 chance to win the
war."—U. 8. General G. C. Strong.
* # #
Read together, these five utterances depict for ua in broad, general outline the stage World War II had arrived at last week. Both parties to the conflict were taking stock, feverishly preparing for the climax spring was sure to bring.
Nazi Objectives
GERMANY. The whole world knew (said "Time," Jan. 13) that it, would be to German advantage to strike, hard and quickly, for many reasons:	to relieve pressure on
backtracking Italy, to batter down the last resistance in the Balkans, to bring France and Spain solidly into the German orbit, to smash the centre of the British Empire 1 Its No. 1 fleet base—before American help to Britain could reach decisive proportions.
Several of these moves were for the moment stymied—Yugoslavia, Bulgaria (with the tacit backing of Russia), Turkey, were as firm In their stand against the Nazis ae their relative strength would allow
"wasn’t having any"; the French Cabinet held too many trump cards (the fleet, and Weygand in Africa and Syria) to lose so early the game against Hitler. With regard
. . . Unappeased
A crowd of angry farm folk-taxed London, Ontario’s, biggest hall to capacity last week and heckled Dominion Minister of Agriculture Gardiner when he endeavored to explain to their satisfaction the policies of the Federal Government regarding wartime difficulties of Ontario farmers. Uu-appeased was the gathering which asked for a bonus on hogs (now being raised at less than production, costs); an increase in the price of cheese; removal of the peg on the price of butter; shipping of low-grade grain from the west as feed for eastern live stock.
The reaction to Mr. Gardiner’s email concessions (a "floor" for butter, slight increase in the price of cheese) from Ontario farm lend-was not favorable. The provincial Minister of Agriculture was “considerably disappointed." The president of the United Farmers’ Co-operative said Mr. Gardiner's recommendations were "very unsatisfactory." The president of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture said the whole farm situation would be threshed out at the Federation convention this week ill Toronto.
To Increase Army
A report issued at Ottawa last week by the Inter-Departmental Committee on Labor Co-ordination revealed that the Government is planning an increase of 117,200 men in Canada’s armed services during 1941. Canada’s munitionmaking army during the same time would be increased by 70,000 to 225,000. More than four new divisions (80,000) are to be added to the army this year.
?
Add to Milk—Serve
on Puddings—Spread
on Bread and Butter.
fcf.
I
ax
w '
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
t
»
h
?
/2 -/
»
?
3T
»
;
93-IJ3T
I
»
ii ' #

#
;
Bread From Russia
RUSSIA: The new trade pact signed last week under which the Soviet Union undertook to increase her contributions to Germany's wartime breadbasket was viewed as of tremendous international importance. Besides broadening trade relations between the two countries, the agreements were said to have fixed mutual boundaries in newly-acquired territories and settled resulting re-patriation problems (50.000 Germans in Soviet-held lands would return to the Reich). The signing of the pact followed weeks of increasing tension In the Balkans where the massing of troops and reporte of disagreements over control of the mouths of the Danube gave rise to speculation that German-Russiau relations might be badly strained.
With Ohina, the Soviets signed a new barter agreement exchanging Russian military supplies and machinery for Chinese tea- and manufactured products.
i
!

i

The Book Shelf
erg
PbTY


*



“CONFESSIONS OF AN IMMIGRANTS DAUGHTER" by Laura G. Salverson
This is the tale of a stormy life; the autobiography of a great Canadian.
Jfrs. Salverson is descended from the last of the Viking nobles. Her parents—Icelanders who made the voyage to Canada * in ’87—were settlers who never settled down. The account of their wanderings over the North American continent, from one city and pioneer settlement to another, and as far south as the cotton country of the Mississippi, is a book in Itself. The writer was a delicate child brought WP on the old Norse legends, who was taken in hand by an extraordinary woman, Aunt Haldora. There follow her experiences as a professional dancer, her first love iffair and several years of gruelling work In Canadian houses and | factories. Finally she is happily married to a compatriot and she herself becomes one of the most successful of Canadian novelists, winning the Governor-General's gold medal last year.
“Confessions of sn Immigrant’s Daughter ... by Laura G. Salverson . . . Toronto: Ryerson Press . . . $2.50.
\
ft
2

v

Kfi

X

f :
,-V
V
— a
ID
V
»

re @
i


"V


a
Spain for the moment

W/m
7/

$
#

“Let me have $500,000. ... My girl friend is coming down this noon
and 1 want to make an impression."
In Legislators’ Hands
UNITED STATES: The Presl-
His Boyhood and Youth
WINSTON CHURCHILL-1

OS.
(?
m
F
k
A
a >¦ '/jut
V



& R

%
i
L


os




*<.
»

I

V
%
* I
M

• / ti



*
i
n
\
He Who Flies
May Read News
i
;
m
f
)
w

\
%
1 *¦
V
r


On sn overnight trip by air across Canada, a T.C.A. passenger can read the news in a dozen daily newspapers if he chooses, all in the space of 16 hours, all published the same day in nine different cities.
lines ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
American—are aboard each aircraft to keep the traveller abreast cf his current reading, places 16 subscriptions for each tf * meet the requirements of its services.
to 20 newspapers.


>
i
m


V
>


i

v
\

c
;
#
Twelve maga-Canadian, British and
Entering the British army in 1895, Churchill first saw action when he
ran away to Cuba and joined the Spanish forces as an officer in a Hussar rtgment.
served in India, played much polo#
His school days at Harrow were the despair of his parents. Winston was last in his class. After two unuccessful tries he finally was admitted to Sandhurst and immediately showed a great enthusiasm for military life.
Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill was born Nov. 30, 1874, third yon of Lord Randolph ChurchMl and Lady Churchill, the former Miss Jennie Jerome of New. York. His grandfather the seventh Duke of Marlborough.
NEXT WEEK—Churchill in India. Captured by Boers. Escape. Politics and romance.
John Churchill, the Duke of Marlborough, England’s greatest general, the illustrious ancestor of Prime
Churchill. • Since
was
Minister Winston Marlborough’s day, the Churchill family has given .• England" many <oldier« and statesmen.
T.C.A.
During 1896-1898 Churchill

It subscribe j
###PAGE###7###
1
raced through her mind, there was not one of possible danger to herself. At Inst she turned and hurried in the direction of the dimly lighted hangar realized that it probably was foolhardy. Yet at the same time; it seemed the only thing to
Near the hangar, she slowed her steps and began walking quietly and cautiously could find Tony and his companion actually engaged in their work of sabotage, then she could race back to the administration building and give the alarm
As she neared the door, a sudden vision of Tony’s face as she had seen it in rage before her mind’s eye. She felt horribly afraid. For a moment she paused, caught her breath.
To give way to fear now would mean disaster to Dick. Somehow she gathered strength to go in.
Make Broom Sweep Clean
Quality Guaranteed
HERE’S HOW TO CORRECT CONSTIPATION WITHOUT DOSING 1
She
Watch Quality of Material and Workmanship When Buying One
W



do



/
A broom that sweeps clean is a desirable piece of cleaning equipment in every home. A broom's ability to sweep clean and wear long depends on the quality of the material used and the workmanship in construction. Real broom corn has tiny, fingerlike tenacles at the end of each straw which pick up the dust and thus sweep clean. That is, a good broom is made up of a lot of little broom-shaped straws tied together, says the Christian Science Monitor. .
The best quality straw is cut at the proper stage of ripeness to insurf springiness. When buying a broom, Separate the straws to determine the duality and fullness. Make sure that the inside is not padded with inferior material like old or seedy straws; then test the springiness by pressing it down on the. floor.
TAKE CARE OF IT
What the the chief points in construction? Good brooms are well shaped to give good balance. The rows of stitching — four or five is the usual number firm and accurate. The handle is smooth, straight, and firmly fastened to the broom.
Proper care increases the lifetime of a broom. Dip your new broom in warm water before using it, then once a week thereafter. That keeps the straws clean, fresh, and resilient. Always hang the broom so that it clears the floor. Warped, uneven, and inefficient brooms result from improper care.
r
M
If she
%
a truly delicious cereal that can help to keep you regular by supplying the “bulk” you need.
Eat ALL-BRAN every morning ... drink plenty of water .. . and see if you don’t notice a big difference In the way you look and feel! Available at all grocers’ in two con-ven ent sizes. Made by Kellogg’s in London, Canada.
If you lia vs suffered from constipation, you probably know from experience that harsh purgatives give, at best, only temporary relief.
That’s why doctors will tell you to get at the cause. If your constipation is the common type due to lack of the right kind of “bulk,” try KELLOGG S ALL-BRAN...
t
# SERIAL STORY
FLYING CO-ED
' BY MARY K INNAVE Y MOORE
COPYRIGHT, !#*0.
nba sEftvrce. IN*
T Storage Space Household Need
T ! A f
CAST OF CHARACTERS
wealthy col-
frown puckered her brow. What on earth did the gill want?
“Miss Norris, maybe I'm messing in stuff that's not my business
EXPLOSION OF PAIN The interior of the hangar was almost completely dark. Slowly and quietly she crept in the door, staying as close to the wall as she could. Through the dark her quick ears caught the murmur of low-pitched voices.
There was the cabin ship that Dick was to use, a great dark bulk in the shadows. Near it moved two dim figures, almost like shadows themselves. Once or twice she caught the tiny beam from a little flashlight.
She had seen enough moving cautiously she started back toward the door. Yet, careful as she was, she tripped against a piece of metal on the floor “Who's there!"	j
It was Tony’s voice. In terror she ran, desperately, toward the door.
i
Anne Norris lege student, looking for thrills, enrolls in CAA flying Georgette Parker friend. Learning to fly is a serious business with her.
Tony Scott son of a gangster, envies Anne's social position.
Captain Dick Douglas structor of the student flying
course at Midland University.
• • »
A
L
B
course
Anne's
Unused Family Articles Re quire Adequate Cupboards
But Tony Scott’s a louse from away back, and you looked like real stuff
K
L
Listen, Misj Norris, Tony found out who it was that helped you get away the other night guy."
college playboy,
S
E
Storage space is an absolute necessity in a house, no matter what its size. One of the limitations of many apartments is the relatively small amount of storage space available. Every family has numerous possessions whitil must be stored. Closets in bedrooms and a single closet for storage of linens is not enough, either in an apartment or in a house. The average family must in addition to the clothing and linens, store such things as trunks, luggage, old toys, tennis rackets, golf clubs, odd pieces of furniture, seasonal accessories and decorations, winter clothes, utensils and tools not in use all the time, and hundreds of other small and large items.
In houses of traditional design storage space is usually provided either in a basement or an attic. In most modern houses, even those which are not of so-called “modern" design, both attic and ha ement have been eliminated This is justifiable in the eyes of planners if adequate space for storage is provided in other parti of the house.
A sizable utility room which is also used as a laundry will provide some space for storage. Additional space can be made available in other parts of the house or in the garage. Being above ground, the garage space affords a certain amount of light and air and is probably better for storage than the basement. If the garage is attached to the house, it may also be more convenient than attic storage space.
that flying
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
More Requests
in
“Yes?" Anne was more puzzled than before.
“Tony’s sore. He knows you'ie through with him and he thinks this guy is the reason.
“You might as well know Tony wanted you to get in a jam when he brought you out here that night. He figured if you got in one, he’d be able to tie up with you. Get it?"
“Yes. I—get it." Anne's voice held horrified incredulity.
“So he figured that this flying guy gummed the works," Clarice was explaining. “Now he’s out to get him Jumps Daley
are
Last Week: Tony plots with Jumps Daley to damage Dick’s plane
•olo^ comes trouble. She is thrilled as Dick promises her night flying He intends to get a few night hours himself. A loves flying, regrets all the things •he said about Captain Douglas.
Last week in giving you requests I thought we had finished for some time, but there are still a great number here and I believe the only fair way is to complete them before I begin some new discussions. Then, too, these requests are full of variety and can be quite seasonable.
The Recipe given sometime ago for Mushroom and Eggs:
MUSHROOM AND EGGS
2 tablespoons minced green pepper
1	cup mushrooms, sauteed 14 teaspoon salt, dash of paprika
6 e ggs
4 tablespoons tomato catsup
2	tablespoons minced onion Cook onion and green pepper in.
fat and add to beaten egg yolks.
Add mushrooms, catsup and sea onings to taste. Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites and cook slowly until thickened. Cooking time 10 • minutes. This dish can be served alone or on buttered toast or on buttered tea biscuits (fresh) according to taste.
Stiil
Meanwhile, Georgette through without
•oon
f
h
But just as she neared it, just as she was gathering her breath for a scream for help, there was a sudden exposion of pain in the back of her head, a moment’s blinding light before her eye.», and then utter darkness
CHARTER X
The sorority house
was guy with laughter, singing", and after-dinner conversation. Anne and Georgette refused an invitation to join a bridge game and retired to their room to study.
Anne closed the door and began aimlessly soi ting out books and papers.
“For goodness’ sakes settle down!" Georgette exclaimed. “I never saw anyone so restless.’’
Anne laughed a little absent-mindedly. “I keep thinking about what a perfect idiot I have been."
“Forget it. Everyone’s entitled to be a fool once in a lifetime. Where on earth is my chemistry notebook?"
He got and Daley got tight tonight and shot the works to me. Here’s what they’re planning to do—"
While Anne listened in mounting honor, Clarice outlined the plans to sabotage Dick’s plane.
“So that’s the layout," the girl finished. “I’m giving it to you so you can warn the right people. If you like this flyer, he must be a good guy, so don’t let any thing happen to him." A note of fear came into her vofce and she added, “But please, please MIr.> Norris, don’t ever let out how you tumbled to this."
We’re Sending More Furs To States
(To Be Continued)
EASY TO MAKE FROCK
Fcr Homs Wear
2700
SI2 E S 16, to 50
New Aeement Signed In December Means Canada May Ship Greater Quantity of Silver or Black Fox Skins to U. S.
n
i

A supplementary trade agreement between Canada and the United States, signed on December 13, 1940, increases the number of Canadian silver or black fox fur skins which may be imported during a quota year from 58,300 to 70,000. The agreement exempts higher-valued animals from quota limitations, and established separate quotas for parts and articles made of fox furs and skins. The share to all other foreign countries is 30.000. The agreement also limits the total imports into the United States of silver or black foxes valued at less than $250 each, and whole or black fox furs and skins to 100,000 units in any twelve-month period beginning December 1, 1941, or any subsequent year. The enew agreement became effective December 20, 1940.


V
/
VEAL LOAF
2% lbs. veal ground % lb. ham ground % cup catsup 1 cup cooked macaroni, cut 4 tablespoons prepared mustard Salt and pepper
1	green pepper chopped
2	eggs
1 teaspoon baking powder 2 cups bread crumbs 1 teaspoon meat seasoning Mix together meat, macaroni, vegetables, eggs, baking powder and crumbs, add seasonings Shape into loaf and wrap in heavy wax-paper. Slip the loaf, paper and all on a rack in a roasting pan. Cook in moderately hot oven. Do eot add water and do not cover. The meat should become well browned and retain its juices.
“I don't know. You had it under your arm this afternoon.''
A frantic search of the room failed to reveal the missing book.
“Oh my gracious?” Georgette said suddenly. “I must have left it out at the airport. That’s just what I did do—probably in the restaurant when we had a coke, just before we came home."
They stared at each other in dismay, then Georgette hastily put on her coat.
‘Well, there’s nothing to do but drive out and get it. I’ve got to have it if I’m to get any studying done tonight. Want to come along?”
T don’t think I’d better. I muet get at French Lit he long.” -
I
won't" Anne promised. “But wait—don't hang up. Isn’t —isn’t there something I can do for you?"
"Never mind me Miss Norris. I’ve looked after myself for a long time. Good luck."
The sharp click of a receiver on the other end of the wire echoed in Anne’s ear. For a few minutes she stood- by the telephone, numb with fear a new and terrifying thought came to her. What had Dick said about a flight that very night?
According to Clarice, Daley was to learn when Dick was to make his next flight alone. He might have learned of this night trip. She glanced at her watch. Dick might have taken off by now. Already she might be too late.
I

m
tm
c %
/
£ v^‘3 i

O
&
r>
In Shadow Land
x
V
S"
,S
In Shadow Land, in Shadow Land# The world is very flat,
The people there are tall and thin And never, never fat;
They always walk along the ground,
And never up like us—
I really think that Shadow folk Are most ridiculous.
Then
° £
a
n c
\
°jJo &

Don’t
>* °	9 //
L 0|£-e
M I O

In Shadow Land, in Shadow Lend# The houses always lean,
And there no lights in house or street .	'
Are ever to be seen;
No little paths with garden gates. No little stairs or floors,
For Shadow folk run up their walls,	-	~
And creep beneath their doors.
In Shadow Land, in Shadow Land, You never hear a sound;
No birds are whistling overhead. No footsteps stir the ground;
Oh, when I see it all like this I cannot understand How even Shadow folk can go And live in Shadow Land!
—Elizabeth Fleming
PREMONITION OF DANGER
After Georgette had gone, Anne found it hard to bring her mind down to the mass of notes and papers spread out on the desk before her. No matter how much she tried to concentrate, her thoughts kept going back over the past few weeks.
Dick had praised her aptitude for flying. Later, when she'd told him of her determination regarding Tony Scott, he’d said as ho shook her hand, “Good girl." There had been a friendly sympathy in his tone. Nothing more though.
She brought herself back from her reverie with a sudden start. Did she want to hear more than honest friendliness in his voice? She felt her cheeks growing warm.
Once more she tried to focus her attention on the studying that had to be done for the next duy. Down the hall, a pledge called her to the phone. As she ran to answer it, she had a depressing premonition of danger.
She was totally unprepared for the loud, shrill voice that came over the wire, but she recognized it almost at once as that of Clarice, the dice-game girl ai the Villa Aloha.	**
“Yes, this is Miss Norris." A
GUM DROP FRUIT CAKE
Va cup butter % cup white sugar 1 egg
1Va cup sultana raisins % Lb. gum drops (cut fine)
1% cups pastry flour 1 teaspoon cinnamon Va teaspoon nutmeg % teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon baking powder 1 cup applesauce Cream butter, add sugar and egg; mix well together. Sift dry ingredients and add half mixture to number one—then add fruit and remainder of dry ingredients. Add applesauce. Place in long pan and bake In oven of 325 degrees for 1 hour.
t»
/


e*
War Influences Women’s Styles
»
Frantically she telephoned the airport. Dick Douglas had gone to dinner, and not yet returned. She gasped with relief. There might still be time to drive to the airport and warn him.
TO THE AIRPORT
A short time later the lights of the airport blinked before her as Anne drove down the last stretch of highway. As she approach ed the gate, she saw a car parked down the road. It looked like Tony's car! Then all this was true!
At this very moment, Tony and his companion might be carrying out their plans. But, thank Heaven, she had arrived in time to prevent disaster.
A hasty, search revealed nothing of Dick. He had driven into town for dinner, and not returned. Georgette’s little coupe was with a few other cars in the parking lot, but she was nowhere to be seen.
Perhaps she could find Georgette, enlist her aid. No, she decided, the chances were that when Dick returned he would go directly to the hangar where the tabin ship was kept with the other privately owned planes. No point in wasting the too few minutes trying to find Georgette.
For a second she considered going to the first airport official she could find, asking him to call the police. But it occurred to her that there might not be time. It was an hour when the airport was all but deserted. By the time the police could arrive, or by tha time she could locate help at the airport itself, Dick might he In the air.
What were Tony and Jumps Daley doing?
/
;
(

Visor Hats Popular, But Brimmed Ones Are Holding Their Own
% Vf
/
4
Naturally events in Europe are having their influence on the modes and manners of the day. The uniform is responsible for a lot and love of country, a noble sentiment in itself, is the inspiration, so-called, for atrocities in the way of apparel and gadgets.
BASKET HATS POPULAR
It didn’t take a war to mako visor hats a success bu,t it did help the women to appreciate the advantages of a visor and to think seriously about visor ed caps, especially when in need of a sunshade. Visors go north and south, are in fact joined up with the people and things at sunspots. Photographs from London show them. Sally Victor adds an awning, instead of a visor, to her sun hats. The Sally Milgrim collection also shows awnings, back not front ones. So it goes.
In the meantime brims continue to assume any shape they like, there being a distinct liking for the basket types, from south of the Mexican border.
By Louise Lennox
Look pretty as you go about your household tasks. Wear a dress that is becoming as well as comfortable and please your family. They like to see you looking fresb^and ^mart all the time and it is so easy to do in this attractive frock. Gay cotton print with tiny ruffle trim on the collar, sleeves ami heart pockets add the dainty feminine touch that is so charming. This style is so easy to make that you will want several in different colors and prints. Be sure the fabric will stand up under the many launderings that this type of dress is bound to have, and it will last you a long, long time.
Style No. 2700 is designed for sizes 16, 36, 38, 40, 42, 44, 46, 48 and 50. Size 36 requires 3% yards 35-inch fabric with % yard contrasting and 3 yards ruf- | fling.
PRUNE SOUFFLE
1 cup cooked prune pulp % cup prune juice % cup bread or cracker crumbs 2 tablespoons sugar
1	teaspoon vanilla *4 cup nutmeats
2	egg whites
Mix pulp, juice and crumbs and stir well. Add sugar and vanilla Stir again, adding nuts. Beat egg whites and fold Into the mixture. Pour into buttered pan and set in pan of water. Bake in moderate oven until firm and serve with whipped cream. Time in oven 30 minutes. Temperature, 325 degrees. Serves 6.
Vu.iStf
irai
lier
HOW TO RELIEVE PILE TORTURE QUICKLY & EASILY
Send TWENTY CENTS (Coin is Preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your name, address and style number. Be sure to state size
If you are troubled with Itching plies or rectal soreness, d<f not delay treatment and run the risk of letting this condition become chronic. Any Itching or soreness or painful passage of stool Is nature's warning that proper treatment should be secured at once.
For this purpose get a package of Hem-Rotd from your .druggist and use as directed. This Hcm-Rold formula which Is used Internally In the form of a srpuli, easy to take tablet, will Quickly relieve the itching and aoieucee and aid in healing the sore tender spots.	!l
pleasant to use, :* highly rêCulfi. mended and It seems the height of folly for any one to risk a painful and chronic pile condition when suck a fine remedy may be had at so reasonable a cost.
If you try Hem-Bold and are not entirely pleased with the results, your druggist will gladly return your money.
m
Miss Chambers welcomes perso letters from Interested readers. She
I
Is pleased to receive •¦sieslissi
Bites Own Finger
•» topics for her column, a eves reedy to liste» to year “pel peeves." Requests for recipes or special meows are la order. Address your letters to “Miss Sadie Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Te-
ls
you wish
When luck went against him, a gambler cut off one of his fingers with a knife and placed it _ e	on the gaming table in the Asia
RHEUMATIC Gambling House in Nantao,
• I V chin#. He was arrested by Japanese gendarmes. Recently two of the many gambling houses which have sprung up under the guise of ballrooms and tea houses were bombed with hand grenades, casualties resulting in one of the places.
Easy Way to Relieve
envelope if you wish n reply

Men tholstuni quickly soothes
r3u55

Aches and Pains
gUCKXEY g
$
Hors Is a simple, easy way to get relief from the agony of swollen, rheumatic Joints and muscular aches and pains. Uo to your druggist and get a bottle of Ku-Ma. If you are not pleased with the help It gives yott —go get your money back. This is a generous offer you can not afford lo ignore.
bug and
She stood in the shadows near the administration building for a brief minute, in an agony of indecision.
With all the thoughts that
ins.
%
the
ISSUE
'41
MENTH01ATUM
B
» (OMVONV b
(» / s *
*

I
###PAGE###8###
Look Here
Cfodek'tietVt
memeus
Jle'it1! .

In Memoriam
“ssafc. »,«¦ F-æ
passed4waÿ suddenly, January j ", Id memory a daily thought,
In heart a silertt sorrow.
ft icily missed,
Claire
For Sale, Wants, Found
Louis Tourangeau
IlSifSl
Hss;rs.5:l"#
3raL,rLr&,.Liâ5
field.
I
DALE’S TINSHOP
Lost, etc
1
H. Slmwx’ille, Phone 7 MJ,
r3
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS

I


/
KqUITY. or Phone 29—0._______________
bother. WÆ* w j00% live delivery guaranteed.
G. HAROLD BOULTON Bristol Egg and Poultry Association BRISTOL
Full Stock of
Findlay Heaters and Ranges
Riley—In loving memory of our dear husband and father, James H. lu ey, who entered into rest February 3rd,
1940.
A shadow rests upon our home,
We miss Ins smiling face,
Where’er we tarn, where’er we go We see his vacant place.
God is good, he gives us strength,
To bear our heavy cross ;
He is the only one who knows How bitter is our loss.
Sadly missed by
Wife and Family Grandchildren -

FOR SALE-No. 12
Phone 20—10
Separator. Apply to
McDowell, Shaw ville
QUEBEC
m
R, 1 Shawvllle. Pnone 13-5

Pulpwood wanted ANT!D_Pl„„. „ „0 „
,	W purcbaM
peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood,|WMTBURNHAmtTOW, Bhawville
b, track, l'h„-= or »ri,c.
J. M. ARGUE, ----------------------------
Sb&wrrille, Q«e Jÿ*fS£gff£>S&. &&
bell's Bay.
Holy Trinity

Now is the time to have your Furnace and Pipes checked
over.
)
}
£aér
Smiley
sM# E =
EixmÂS p ------------------------------------
The following were elected to Woved m0ther and wife.
Harry: McCleary.
< Horn en	Smile, end
Mrs. Harry McCleary
Jd'efMr*” knnn.
Leslie Dale
Shawville,
Card of Thanks
Phone 76
Quebec

Arena on
Mrs. J. E
THE TASK WILL BE 6REATER IH 1941
THAR IT HAS BEER IH 1940
Mrs. Harry
u
at Luke s Anglican Church, Caldwell, Elect Officers
mu
mss
cr
it is going to demand more effort,
sacrifice and far more change
in our daily lives
ÉsiëKî
V1MCr, A Tubman was re appointed
Tubman.
more
ft
Kl HON. W. L MACMNZ/f KING
(NEW YEAR'S EVE, 1940)
Bacon Exports
This is not enough. The plain truth is that Canada pidly expanding production for war purposes will require increasing sums of money. That is why t e Prime Minister warned Canadians in his New Year s broadcast that the year ahead demands more effort
and more sacrifice.
Every man, woman and child is asked to lend. Every
dollar you lend will help to put another man in a job
'	. Every dollar you lend
. . help to shorten the
their share of the
’s
IT LREADY the pattern and pace of life in Canada A have undergone a profoùnd change. Gaps in employment are rapidly filling up. Some 350 000 Canadians who were unemployed before the outbreak of war are now employed. Another 200,000 are with our armed forces. Factories, which until recently were turning out goods for civilian consumption, have been transformed into humming arsenals, pouring out instruments of war. Night and day shifts have become the rule rather than the exception. But the peak ot
effort is not yet in sight.
¦
ra
«
m
the 1939-40 agreement.
making more munitions soldier’s life .
war.
may save a Small wage earners must carry
95
burden, too.
No one need go without necessities, but you are urged forego the purchase of unnecessary articles . . .
however small the cost . able to pay for them
terial away from the great task of providing goods
In 1941 still more factories will switch to war production new plants will be established, thousands more will be employed. This rising tide of activity must continue until we reach the flood of effort when every Canadian will be employed and working to his utmost, every possible square inch of plant will be utilized, wheel will be whirring in the race we are waging
and the enemy.
to
how well you which take labour and
. no matter
are
ma
George s
Annual Meeting ot St Thorne Centre
needed to win the war
every
against time
Everything you have . • • everything
at stake. This is a message
. a call to
This is your war
believe in ... is now
a challenge to every Canadian . . a call for volunteers.
The W. A. ot St. Georges
®§t§i§
year wa* very satisfactory, in g all ohligatious met and a uai
i»a
working longer hours . • •,
» you to you the colours .
More men are working
making more munitions . . . earning more money . . •
producing more goods . . . putting more money into
circulation. Most Canadians are sharing in this in-
have extra dollars in their
Income Tax
Be sure to make provision to pay your payment is made easier by the new instalment plan.
But be prepared to do more — budget your earnings
to make sure that you will have money available to buy
War Savings Certificates and to subscribe for War
Loan Bonds. You will help Canada — you will help
creased national wealth
pockets.
The effort the Prime Minister calls for is gaining momentum, but many Canadians, as individuals, have
yet felt the real pinch of sacrifice.
Annual -
Matthews Anglican Church on
January the 18th.	JHÉHHi
After the meeting nn
should again
yourself.
not
Mathew s
Canadians of all classes are sharing tax burdens, but it must be admitted that up to date the larger part of
the money needed for Canada's war effort has come
from business firms and individuals with large incomes. They are paying high taxes. They have already invested heavily in War Loan Bonds.
x repo
St
increased
a nee was on that the guarantee bn increased ; this time on twenty-
8 Dnrlng#the year the Church 1<«< j " The fo’lowing officers were elec


at
Mr
ted
Warden, Fred Hod
Norval Wilbert

Minister *
gins ; People .
McNeill ; L«y delegate'
K» . hwr *»nd I.hwrence Lang
D.ggand Norv.l McNeill, the or ginr-t. mi # Ueraiu l^ug. Ladies Guild and to the incumbent
the Rev. K. C, Bolton.

Warden
i w
\
t .
?

sm


.

/






%

"V
St



;
$ «
x # x
I


V *
*
*

f
<3
i
