###PAGE###1###
&

v.


($1.50 per annum In Advance j 2.00 to the United States
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER -25th 1041
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:
No. 14 ÔUru Yeah
COWLING'
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Dr. F. W. MARTIN
Surgeon Dentist
raK	I =•T-»»**¦Main s,reet
Mrs. Jagies Richardson, (nee	Phone 119
Lillis Sharpe )n son	I SHAWVILLE, QUE.
BORN
A car-load of western wheat is arriving at Sliawville station next week For further particulars phone Leonard Belsher, Sliawville.
Phone
The Rev. R. H. Hovsfleld, of the Indian Mission, The Pas, will give a Lantern Lecture in St. I aul s Church, Sliawville, on Monday, Sept. 21lth. at 8 p. ra. Aduneeion, All welcome
W. G. Chianell, local auctioneer, will hold a male of farm machinery belonging to the estate of the ate John Kdmund Hodginm at the late homestead, on Thursday, Oct. -nd, at one o'clock .—See Posters.
Radio Batteries
U
Richardson - At Pontine Com
30
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
and
Ottawa Ontario
Thi old reliable school has removed to large and finer premises. The finest and most
modern in Ontario Attend a
sehoo with an established
reputation Open all year.
ENGAGEMENT
Mr. and Mrs. YV. Albert Tweedy	,	w
have announced the engagement Lieut. Col. and Mrs. .Norman of their elder daughter, Margaret I Halkett. of Halifax, aie guests ot Isabella, to Mr. Thomas MacFar Yfrs. C J. Caldwell, this week
October 11th.	I town.
Miss Isobel Smart went to Toronto last week to attend the marriage of her cousin. Miss Lorna Whitelaxv.
Pte. Gordon Meldrum, R. C. O. C->f Joliette, Que., spent the weekend with his parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Ged. Meldrum, of.XVyman.
Mrs. Thos. Shore and sons, Clarence and Millar have returned to their home after spending the summer months at Kars, Ontario.
, Mr. nnd Mrs. Lloyd Mitehem. of] HARLAND C. ROWAT
Matachewan, Ont., are visiting at	NnTADY Diim ir-
the home of the former s parents.	MUTANT PUBLIC,
I Mr. and Mrs. HerbertjMitchem, of Graduate of McGill University enter. I Phillip’s Lake.	I SHAW VILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street Shawville Que.
PERSONAL MENTION
Flash Lights
free
#, E COWLING, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE
Principal
50c
?6 Ignitor Dry Cells
770	B Batteries ....
771	G Batteries ....
740 A Batteries, 1.4 volt..
A1300 A Air Cell 1.4 volt.......
A2300 A Air'Cell 500 hour, 2v 4.95 A2600 A Air Cell 1000 hour 2v 7.95
No
$3.20
JAMES A. MILLAR
50c
••••••••
B A.. L. L L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull,Que.
Al o ylt’i Hotel, Campbell’» ay every Wednesday morning At Pontiac House, Shawville,every Wednesday at Noon
2,40
Record Attendance at Shawville Fair
Cattle Exhibit Again a Feature
3.25
Flash Lights, 95 cents up
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE,
4 Estate C.J. Caldwell 4
again provided the chief taimnent of the Fair and large
;sS''J'S.triUrniï:..8''1it, i	visitors t. ram
very exciting as most	—	.	.
».....
the district Fair were the following
Ideal weather conditions prevailed for the entire two day program for the 85th annual Shawville Fair, which concluded at midnight Saturday, with the largest attendance records in the long history of exhibitions sponsored by Pontiac Agricultural society,
^ A pa it from the showings of cattle, which over doubled that ot any previous year, the general exhibit, particularly in the mam hall was slightly below aveiage. The falling-off may be attributed to several causes, such as scarcity of farm labour and the dry season. However, taking everything into consideration it was rated as one of the best agricultural lairs in the
Ottawa Valley this year.
The very noted increase in lue cattle exhibit was due to the specinl blnck and white day on
show, alone, took up all ot the space in the skating i ink, situated the southwes- corner ot tne
Fair grounds	.
In appearance the main hall was
much the same as usual. Mercantile spaces were taken up by displays of the De Laval Cream Separator Co.; Renfrew Machinery Co.; Ottawa Valley (.ram i ro Hetty Washers and Barn
races were
whip and neck and neck the fastest horses in competed.
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
From Ottawa
Advocate Barrister,! Solicitor, c.
Office: Uampbeir&Bay, Que._ (In Lawn Block)
As forecast last is«ue of The Equity the Fair took on proper
Mrs. H. Millar Mrs. Maxwell
I
KNITTING YARNS
wa
DONAT Le GUERRIER
a partial list of these guests
¦Blip
* B
in charge of Capt. Heinz, who Howard Lester addressed the large audience. The Clarence Hodgins soldiers and band received a great Alex Hodgins applause from the huge audience l te. Erie Judd and nerked up the program to a Walter Smith great degree.	M ah Ion Haves
j. The various All announcements were* made rte. Jas. Allen
¦BBSS Ht,
nrevious years.	fat mets and stockmen from dis- Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Orr
1 Needlexvoik on the second floor tant points visited the f air and %%and Mrs. Leslie Horner fairly large, but a slight de officials of the society xvere veiy Mr. and Mrs. Clifford Broxvn please xvas noted. This xvas true pleased to weIcome|them.	Mr. and Mrs. George Fitian
also in floral display in the central Meals in the mam dining room Ml. and Mrs. George Heliuei section Exhibits from the Bristol were again provided by the com* Mr. and Mis. Kenneth Farrell and Quyon School Fairs were ar- j munity, and the officials in charge jHme9 Shea ranged in txvo sections at the en-1 had some difficulty in getting Nellis Stexvart
tiance to the tea loom.	,	[ enough supplies.	David Lemay
Red Cross knitting and sewing Dances m the up town halls Rrty Murdock shown in the tea-room booths brought each day s program to a ftellben Harris hv the several Women s Institutes close and these were attended by jHSon Nicholas of the district.	a very large number of young Leslie Hazzatd
Although over twenty classes people from all over the district as Marshall Horner Imd been removed from the gener- well as many from more distant Miss Hazel Cameron
KBF3*5 *rB B&HBE », », c *¦—
Jfecnër*..... - &'&&.*« K f'i sa
P There was a particularly tine Judge- for the various classes Miss Marilyn Carson
slightly beloxv last year. Most of | Night shoxv—Jack Finnessy, Renfrew	From Other Places
best known herds in the district Dairy cattle—Alex Ruthwell, Lachute jac^ Dolan, Renfrexv were represented. .	h	Beef cattle—J. W. Delaney, Hu 1 g J. Hamilton, Nuranda
The mght show, again a featme Holetcin black and white show—Robt [Uvo\d hokes, Pembroke of the hair, attracted a \eiy la>g Holtby. Hdstein fieldman ot central Lindsay Dale, Norandft
ssffi	$ he? £rSt., a.
»pB
sa?* rw	% >, ».a,,j
Shetland ponies.	Blanchard, Kmburn	Mr, and Mrs. H. T. McCoriiston
All children ot school ag	Ladies’ useful, class 48 —Mrs W. G	and family, of Timmins
admitted tree on Friday, ana in RobertBon, Carp	Pte. and Mrs. Henry Hodgins, and
time they found a large mulxvay Juvenile, class 49—Rev. McKinnon	family, of Pembioke
with several rides for their amuse- Women’s Institute Exhibit — Mrs. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Findlay and
ment#	,	.	. aA c. E. Green (Red Cross Office) Ottawa daughter, Marie, Fitzioy
Trails speed on main
B. A. L.L.B„t
Notary Public
CAMPBELL S BAY, QUEBEC


i
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matter dealt with by correspondence
m

R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT BARRISTER
PHONE, -2219
at
[196 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
-—- I
7/
At Proudfoot Hotel, Camp be. Bay every Tuesday at Neon.
At Pontia House, Shawville every Tuesday Evening.

/

J

ducts
^ A very large and interesting dis play of Air Force equipment xvas shown in the first space, usually occupied by the Dominion Dept, of Agriculture. This display included everything used :	"
fighting from a 250 pound bomb to
a little flare gun. rrK,‘ items were i
\




m
i
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary" Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
in air
SUPER WHEELING
The best grade cf wheeling yarn.
and three ply, 40c skein, $1.60 per pound.
Phone 81
All colours
two
Er. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE. PLATEAU 6 3 8 8
a s
NOVA SCOTIA WHEELING
Special Nova
A good quality wheeling yarn.
Scotia brand. Mostly all shades, two or three ply
Special price 25 cents per skein.
was
DU. WALLACE J.W. HODGINS
was
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St.Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
WARRIOR BRAND YARN
A special Military Yarn made in 4 ply only. Grey, Airforce blue and khaki. 50 cents per skein.
BtLAIRl 257
H K. NEILSON, M.D.
DUNKIRK SUPER SCOTCH
Eye Ear, Nose Throat eciali
MEDICAL A RTS BUILDING
of socks. The price is only
A ball knits a pair 69 cents per ball,

OTTAWA, - ONT
PHONE, 2-7961
co

BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA, ONTARIO
-4

Orkney, Beehive, Blue Bird, Boucle, Crochet Knitting, Feather Wool, Cotton Warp
1
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
on all visual and muscular e defeo
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist
esia
Knitting Books
Needles

Reg. Optometrist
?
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE

• r
\
representing; companies
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
the
THE W. A. HODGINS STORE
Quebec
Shawville
SHAWVILLE • Q UE.
;
###PAGE###2###
DOUBLE CROSS ON RED CROSS IN NORWAY
tiyirtyiy1 v w.‘. ¦	"9?
Electric Gadgets For Rural Homes

MmËÈâ
VOICE
mm



«SB


OF THE


f

PRESS
RCS<

m
nV-
m
Y»v
Room For More Electric Appliances on Ontario Farms





mm
4

<4
Eli
AGAINST THE GERMAN PEOPLE
Americans and



There are proportionately more electric washing machine# In Ontario farm homes served by Hydro than in urban homes of the province gays the Woodstock Sentinel-Review. One In eight farm homes rural power districts has an electric refrigerator, compared with one In five of the supposedly much better equipped urban group. The electric iron Is the most generally used contrivance, with one In 75 cent of rural homes which have the current. Radios are close ep, at 71.8 per cent of the saturation mark, and toasters are in use in 61.2 per cent of rural homes connected with Hydro.
Urban homes, the Commission reports, possess nearly a half-mil-Mon electric irons, or 92 per cent of saturation; 77.9 per cent of the possible total of radios, 66 per cent in respect of toasters and 48.6 per cent of washers, air condtioners In urban households, none in farm homes.
In the “hamlet" category, the proportion of electric appliances is aller, under most classifications, than either farm or urban.
Women Use More
In regard to variety of appliances farm women are better customers than the menfolk, motor is the equipment most widely In use on the farm itself, aud there are only one-quarter as many
St
When are we British going to get it through our heads that we are fighting a war against the German people? That Is what an American friend of
mm


i
V.


$
m
* j
ours asked us.
In the last war, he said, we kept repeating that we were not fighting against the German people, but against the Kaiser and the Junkers.

f
en
i -
i
!
n
$
ni
5,
S
HMK>:::^.wS»kcw
mm#
beat the Kaiser and look what we have now. We have the Nazis, who are far worse than the Kaiser ever thought of being.
There would never have been a Kaiser and there would not be a Hitler, if the German people did not want leaders of that sort. They have assumed power because the German people were anxious to have warlike leaders to guide Germany to world domination.
The sooner we realize we are fighting the German people and the sooner we understand that the German people are sufficiently behind Hitler to support him in this war, the sooner we will know that have to wage ruthless war to
**
Well, we
m




per
d&g;:




0#

'

m

j
68

British censor’s caption on this picture.	_______
Tre Book Shelf
FREEDOM IN BRITAIN
With 20 tribunals reviewing their cases, 60,000 men in Britain have registered as conscientious objectors, and about 45,000 bave been dealt with. This illustrates the liberty for which Great Bri-*1 tain la fighting, imagine a conI scientious objector receiving even I a hearing in Germany.
X
There are 6,361
E


The Blind Man’s House
By HUGH WALPOLE



P*

m
m
m

111
we
win.


—Windsor Daily Star. —v—
“THE FUTILITY OF IT ALL"
With word of the ordered destruction of the gigantic Dnieper dam in the Soviet, the complete Idiocy which must have motivated an aggressive Reich to world conflict again stands stark before us. In England and across Europe It was bad enough that cultured traditions should be blasted with the crumbled walls and towers of library and cathedral. Now the efforts of a struggling, self-improving people benig blown to nought. Years have been spent In making pauper-ed parts of the world livable. When the smoke has cleared all that must be accomplished once more. It is as if our own Canadian churches, our cities and our universities, our canals, our hydro plants and our factories were pulverized, and we were cast upon the land as our pioneer forefathers were. That is the futility of it.
—Galt Reporter.
as*
In his last work, “Tue Blind Man’s House,” the late Sir Hugh Walpole leaves to the world this message, spoken by the leading character, “1 have learned this les-of our interdependence. . twin lessons of Interdependence
and charity...It seems to me that until we learn this fellowship . . . of all living men on this earth, made so essential now by our close
quarters; the impossibility of our escape one from mother, there
will be no peace.”
IV*

—Chatham News.
Week Of Reconsecration Starts War’s Third Year
V
The electric
“PEP" METHODS
The British government has Introduced “pep” methods In a campaign to Increase war supplies. Production managers talks to the workers and posters urging increased output have been tacked to factory walls. A placard In a bomb-filling station read. “You make the beet bombs. Our airmen drop them.”
The
son
as there are washers. The total Is 1,236, or 16 per cent of saturation.
Twelve million Canadians—still free—stand girded for their
third year of war to preserve that freedom.	.	.	.
September 10, 1939, those twelve millions, unhesitatingly and of their own free will, elected to resist the challenge of unprovoked Nazi aggressors, and thus vowed never to lay aside the sword until the world truly shall be safe for all peoples, little as well as big,
minorities as well as majorities.
September 10, 1941, ends two years of Canada at war. Government of Canada has proclaimed the week of September 10-17 aa “a week of reconsecration of the Canadian people to the democratic cause against Nazi tyranny ... in national honor for those who, on land, on the sea and in the air, are defenders of our country, and in proud memory for those valiant hearts who have gone out from among us in the most precious of all sacrifices for our common freedom.
Two years ago, Canada’s soldiers, sailors and airmen, including reserves, all together totalled a mere 68,000 officers and men. day, the fighting forces, including reserves, number 490,000 of all
ranks.
broadcast
over 7,000 electric
Something pumps represent 13..4 per cent of the potential and after that there ]f nothing higher than 6.6 per cent of saturation, which is the ratio for cream separators.
1,620 milking machines reported, being a ratio of one to 33 farms, which would be quite a disappointment to Sir Adam Beck if he were
Electric milk coolers fewer than 1,000, electric
And the
There are
blinded
—Canadian Press.
Julius Cromwell, a World War veteran, returned^vith his bride, young, beautiful and r \y, to the little village of Garth In England, where he had lived as a They are In love with each
are
WE CAN HELP A LITTLE
Hendrik Willem Van Loon says that when God tires of Hitler, he’ll disappear.
A comforting thought, but there la nothing in Christian philosophy that forbids people giving God a little help In getting rid of evils.
—Financial Post.
•till here, total
churns less than one per cent of * possible distribution.
Th ©last census count indicated abou t200000 farms in Ontario, including very small ones, some of whloh obtain service under rates applicable to non-farm classes. There are many in remote districts out of reach of Hydro, and some,
without residential
boy.
other but his wife is Jealous of the blind man’s world, his own which she cannot under*
She mistakes his
To-
realm of
In the British Isles today are more than 100,000 Canadian soldiers, sailors and airmen. Over 1,200 Canadians have figured on casualty lists; 736 of them killed in action, 195 missing, the remainder
dead from natural causes.	" , . _	.	A1	. .. ..
Defence of Canada’s own shores is tightening. Along Atlantic
and Pacific coasts are patrolling air squadrons, anti-aircraft and
coastal batteries, supporting divisions of troops.
In two years, all this Canadian fighting power.
stand or enter, aloofness for discontent.
—v—
TROUBLE IN THE NORTH
We have a quarrel with the British Ministry of information—this time for saying too much. Most of us have had a terrible time with the missus since It was announced that British women would be rationed down to six dresses a year.
—Kirkland Lake News.

A barrier comes between them. Each feels it and each is powerless to prevent the approaching estrangement. Matters are brought to a crisis when Julius hears of his wife's growing friendship with a personable n'er-do-well.
Even as Julius could bring forth all that was best in his fellow
illagcrs; helping them to solve their difficulties, so he, with hie sensitive and fair mind, eventually worked out a happy solution of his own difficult problem.
The Blind Man's House ... by Hugh Walpole . . . McClelland A Stewart, Toronto . . . Price $3.00.

DOUBLING EGG PRODUCTION
Yet it is not
of course, buildings, mated some time ago that about 76,000 standard or large farms would comprise the ultimate total Shat could be served, but the regulation permitting service on the basis of two farms per mile has Increased the number that can be ved. Last year 1,340 miles of rural line extension were approved, adding 9,865 customers. The aggregate load supplied all rural Hydro consumers in the province was 70,018 horsepower, an Increase of 13.6 per cent over 1939.
Making two eggs grow where one grew before may sound like a fantastic dream, but it Is entirely practical. The Government calls attention to the need for increased egg production, and It is within the power of the farmers to bring this about.
Proper breeding, feeding and of poultry will accomplish
<n0UThe Canadian Active Army is calling -for at least 7,000 volun-
55 Kjrsf-» % STL'SS^ISAr A388 :
27,000 by March of next year. The Royal Canadian Air Force is to send more and more blue-clad squadrons overseas; to the 1,000 radio locator experts and other specialists already in Britain are to be added another 2,500, to go this year. And Canadian women are to be voluntarily enlisted in auxiliary forces of the Army, and the Air Force, to release more and more fighting men for active duty over-
The Commission esti-
Urge Medical Test For Auto Licenses
care
much toward increasing the egg yield. This has been proven time and time again. Many of the breeders will require assistance, in the of directions as to proper
seas.
Two years ago, Canada was spending less than $1,000,000 a day on arms. To-day Canada is spending between $3,000,000 and $4,000,000 a day on war; two years ago, the arms bill was less than a million. By March 31 next, the war bill will have passed $2,000,000,000, including well over half a billion to finance purchases for
F in addition to assuming heavier taxes, Canadians have bought war bonds and savings certificates worth $1,460,000,000; they have contributed about $20,000,000 to auxiliary war services, and outright
gifts to the Government total nearly $2,000,000.	,	,	.
Food shipped to Britain includes 200,000,000 bushels of wheat, 7,000,000 barrels of flour, 13,000,000 lbs. of honey, near.y 15,000,000 dozen eggs, millions of pounds of concentrated milk, thousands of tons of canned goods. By December, 800,000,000 1 bs. of pork products will have been sent; by March next, 112,000,000 lbs. of
cheese»! ^ daWfi of the third year 0f war, all Canadians are asked by their Government to reconsecrate themselves “to the democratic cause against Nazi tyranny.”
The British Medical Journal, of the British Medical As-
organ
sociation, has suggested that applicants for driving licenses should undergo medical examinait contended that a medi-
Because of the present world demand for mercury, the Santa Barbara mercury deposit in Peru has been reopened after being idle for nearly 15 years.
way
methods, and this is available. The Department of Agriculture stands ready with reliable scientific Information, and the patriotic farmer will equip himself with this and start Ln to get more out of his
tions.
cal certificate should be as obligatory as the passing of a driving test.
Dnieper Dam Is Destroyed
A BOUQUET FROM THE YUKON
hens.
—Windsor Daily Star —v—
Russia announced recently the deliberate destruction of her proudest industrial achievement, great Dnieperstroy dam and all its works, ln grim proof of the Soviet determination to leave for the invading Germans no single Instrument of value.
Thus came to an end after nine years of reality a project which had been a Russian dream since the days of Catherine the Great and which was completed in the fourth year of the first Soviet five-year Plan by a United States engineer, the late Col. Hugh L. Cooper.
All measures were taken not to permit the Germans to make use of the dam and Its machinery. The $110,000,000 keystone of the entire Central Ukraine Industrial system was shattered. Its great turbines, which first turned In May, 1932, had supplied a surrounding area of 70,000 square miles and a population of 16,000,000 persons with an annual output of 2,500,000 kilowatt hours of electric current.
Gone now, are the 140-foot dam structure, one of the largest in the world, it's half-mile length, which served as a bridge across the Dnieper, and the nine generating units on the west bank, the largest ever built.
Ruined, too, are the three navigation locks on the east bank, the feature Which first had attracted Russians to the Idea of a dam as a means of drowning the falls which had prevented deepwater shipping upriver to Kiev.
Premier Joseph Stalin added the hydro-electric feature, and the dam was begun In 1927.

MAP OF C
., eKwind
./ -SmSm

the
THE MEN CAN HELP, TOO

%
1

Probably most men think of the silk stocking situation as an ex clusively feminine concern.
It isn’t. Men have a part to play in this great mass transfer from Japanese silk to cotton. Here’s

<
•r jCANADEANl
air tr ansport
25: ^

sms


rmatr.:
Ë


Reconsecration Fledge
“At this time of peril for my country, in this t'ijht against the evil powers which threaten to engulf the earth, eonsc.ous of my duty toward Canada and toward my fellow man, l solemnly pledge before Almighty God that l shall do all that lies within my power, and deem no sacrifice too great, to bring about the xiitcry cf our arms, that right may triumph, that justice may preva.l and that a righteous
* throughout the world; to this end I reconsecrate
and with the knowledge that, thougn
efforts can not fail.”



mm
mm

¦






1
: imm
r

-

ysr.v-i

m-
the part:
When Agatha comes home with her first pair of cotton stockings, and, sticking out a tentative foot,
“How do they look?”

*- AA>





*



m



i
peace may reign myself, with faith, with courage the path be hard and the day be dark, our
Rcconsccration Frayer
*
'x



stm
r


inquires,
that's where the man’s part comes in. Start learning the line right
i
»

Jmk
'1

Text of the prayer and grace:—
O Lord of Hosts, in this time of our reconsecration to thy service and in defence of the light brought into this world by Ihy Beloved
Son, we turn to Thee in prayer.	.	.	.
We pray for our fighting men on land, on the sea and in the air
that they may be imbued with courage to persevere and strength to
vanquish the dark forces which now seek to rule this earth.
We pray for endurance for all those who, in any way,
gaged in this great conflict, and, for our peoples, understanding of
11,6 tWehpray for mercy for the stricken, consolation for the bereaved and eternal rest for those who, having blazed the path, have been
gathered to Thine Arms.	.	,,	, „	...
These things we ask, O Lord, so that in the fullness of time the
dread conflict may cease, the right may triumph, and our children
be brought up to serve Thee and to do those things which are ol
good renown, to know and to spread the Christian light. Amen.
Reconsecration Grace
For the courage of our fighting men and the devotion of those who stand behind them, for our continued freedom and for these blessings of our unscarred earth, we give thanks in this week of reconsecration to the Lord of Hosts, Who is the only Defender o
the right.—Amen.
m
m.
p
now:
“Ravishing, darling, they look Just swell!”
Thus may even a mere male contribute his bit in putting the axe in Axis.
•Mi
19*
are en-
— Guelph Mercury.
READING THE NEWS
The newspapers do their level best to keep the conflicting communiques straight. They are careful to list reports as reports and rumors as rumors, but, ln the last analysis, the good judgment and discernment of the jeader Is the determining factor making for in tel 11 gent perusual of the news.
—Brantford Expositor.


a
* - *

One of the main features of the Canadian Pacific Railway's exhibit at the C.N.E. this year was the display of flowers and vegetables of the Yukon. These were sent to the exhibit daily from the Yukon by air express, Mrs. George Black, one-time member of Parliament for the Yukon, looking after the mailing. In the picture abo\|, Mrs. Ruth Hough, wife of H. H. Hough, C.P.R. district claim agent, is shown with a beautiful bouquet of sweet peas, nasturtiums an the bilberry flower, which is used as holly at Christmas time in the Yukon.
By GENE BYRFZS
REG’LAR FELLERS—What a Life!
f THIS DESERT IS TERRIFIC/ \ I 1 NEVER WAS SO THIRSTY IN W UFE - I CAN SEE THE NEWSPAPERS RIGHT NOW/ •PINHEAD DUFF/, THE HERO, s. DIES OF THIRST ON THE , (X DESERT SANDS."
y
r

imp ¦
/
/ GOSH, 1 SHOULD \ NEVER HA'JOINED THE FOREIGN LEGION/



%

?



No Ont. Election “At The Moment”
<v
k

4‘-
dm
i
*\
F
/ zy
\
Premier Mitchell Hepburn said in an interview recently that he Is not planning an election in Ontario “at the moment.” that at any event “I would not yll an election with Lt.-CoL George Drew, Conservative leader, in England. That would be unethical and unsportsmanlike."


iX-

He said
?
TB*
i
%

%tm

=
At?
###PAGE###3###

double-acting
COOKIES WITH CRUNCH FOR SCHOOL-GOING LUNCH
In the poker game the night before.
Witnesses
“Shall we sit down at the same
table?” he Inquired, as the visitors
"Excuse me just

r TRIPLE 1 BAKING-ECONOMY
»	.a	O	•	' A
msm

shed their wraps, a moment," he went on, as the four
seated themselves. "1 just want U date and sign some papers.”
He picked up two long sheets of paper which were lying on the table around which they had played poker the night before. At the hot of each sheet he affixed his

1



m

a

)



f
it,*'»'
à

Tau
I
tom elgnauture
m


Pi



well be wit-
“These might as nessed,” he said, turning one sheet
> the other so that he had written i n i beside it showed.
I
XQti USS Vtvu



a
face down over only the name
%






blank pace
“Will each of you gentlemen good enough to sign as witnesses
to my signautre?"
He passed his fountain pen across the table and each signed in turn. Then Henderson reversed the and again witnessed his
fA
lMe'9 .
a

%
be
%


Rsl
Cfc*1
/


J w
m
\
mm##

S\<%
Z




*24

sheets signature.
He took the papers back into his
folded each of



J?"*»/


miï
vX
own hands anu them. One them he passed across
to Max Mlchaelis.
“Will you he good enough to take charge of this for me? " he asked. “Don't bother to read It. now."
The other document he neld in his own hands, looking from Mich-aelis to Frazier and Flaherty, as if uncertain as to into whose hands
silümiüi
Bran Peanut Butter Cookies
i ësr	pa,
1 cup peanut butter	1 tablespoon vanilla
Blend shortening, sugar, honey, eggs, and peanut butter, mix well. Add bran. Sift dry ingredients; add to first mixture Add
Yield: 70 cookies (2% inches in diameter).

lu like II said. Now, maybe the

girl didn't *hoot him after all. He shoots her lu the light for the gun —she Isn’t as dopy as he expected
, Then she bleeds all the place and he thinks she s
himself—he could If he was thinking
The
npHERE’S trouble-free baking in store for you when you Calumet Baking Powder. You less and its double leavening
action—during mixing and in the ovcfl -assures better results. Easy-opening, won t-spill container, with handy measuring device under the lid. PRICED SURPRISINGLY LOW!
PENTHOUSE MURDER . .
to find her.
use
over
dead. Shoots have done it. quick he could have dropped the down the flue, got hack to the
use
to place It.
Inspector Flaherty took advantage of the pause f,r a question which he had been fairly bursting
to ask.
“What do you mean about posting my men around the building?” he demanded, any men here.”
“No, Dan. they were my men.” Interposed Michaells. “You see, I wasn't sure until I got this telegram that it was a case for the police.”
by CALEB JOHNSON
gun
apartment, all before ho collapsed. Then she ctynes to, sees him tnere,
Archie, flops again and remember a thing when
CHAPTER 22
“Doped the girl 1 mean/'
plained Frazier, wanted to ask Henderson, Mux? It he saw Fitz when they gut out of the taxi? I’d almost forgotten it, hut someone told me that Fitz had taken the dope cure—used to he addict. He'd he familiar with
ex
“That what you
calls up
L3I
doesn't she wakes up."
The car drew up in front of the entrance of the Hlghart building.
“One thing I meant to ask you, Martin, though I think I know the
said Micbaelis. as they
1 turnip, quartered
1 teaspoon salt Vi teaspoon pepper Va, cup flour Vi cup cold water.
Cut lamb in small pieces, place in kettle, add water and cook slowly until tender, about two hours. Prepare vegetables and put them in the kettle with the meat after it has cooked for one hour. Add salt and pepper and continue to cook until the meat and vegetables are tender, vegetables to service platter. Make a paste of flour and cold water, add to the stock and cook until thickened, stirring constantly, about five minutes. Pour over the meat and vegetables on the platter.
Lamb Cutlets With Celery Saatfs
4 tablespoons butter Vt cup flour 1% cups milk V» teaspoon salt Fevy grains pepper
3 cups ground cooked lamb
1	egg
2	tablespoons milk Dry bread crumbs
H teaspoon Worcestershire sauce % teaspoon celery seed Vi cup celery stock Vi cup finely chopped cooked celery.
Melt the butter in a double boiler, add flour and mix welL Add 1 Vs cups of milk gradually and cook, stirring constantly until thickened. Add salt and pepper. Add 1 cup of this sauce to the lamb, mix well and chilL Shape the lamb mixture into chops or cutlets and insert two inch pieces of macaroni ends to resemble bone, beaten egg, tablespoons of milk, crumbs and fry in deep fat or saute until deep brown. Serve with celery sauce made by adding to the remainder of the white sauce Worcestershire sauce, celery seed, celery stock and remaining milk. Mix well and reheat
“I haven't posted
TABLE TALKS
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Some Requests About
Lamb
turn
an
a n s w e
went up the elevator. "Do you remember how we happened to think the gun might be down the chim-
hypodermics.”
“you'll have a hard time convincing me that ho could have lived than a few minutes with that
more
hole in him,” said Flaherty,
say he could He dopes the girl—jabs hoi on the
sidewalk, and the maid have com*' out. then
A Message
but
ê
ney?”
»
He drew from his pocket the yellow envelope which had been delivered to him at the hospital, an 1 glanced significantly from it to Henderson.
*1 had a message, too,
II nderscn. "A long distance call from Pasadena. I still have friends there. ! take it your telegram is from the same place?”
• Precisely,” replied Max M “And I take it that one of
The leg of lamb for roasting and the chops for broiling are the generally well known cuts of lamb but, to be economical, con-
breast, shank and
In cooking lamb the cardinal principle is the same as all meat cookery, that is, “cook at a moderate temperature, at least most of the time." Any meat cooked at high temperature loses juice shrink and flavour and become dry.
for roasting tender cuts there important, rules. — use no lid on the pan ; the add no water. Covered
Expecting Them
Tony Martinelli's
It all conn s clear.
“That was hunch,” said inspector Flaherty.
“No; Tony heard me suggest it,” Frazier contradicted. "1 remember saying it might he there, but dropped that idea as soon as we saw how the top of the chimney was covered.” Max! You don’t mean . .
“Remember wiieve you got the
have you?"
Ü*1 OOUBlf-ACTIN0
Making
powder
Waits till Henderson
Lift meat and
centrale on
said
neck
» f
/

23


chimney suggestion, smiled Mlchaells.
“I don't know what you both are talking about," growled Dan Flaherty. as he pressed the button at the door of Hendersons quarters.
“You will be in a few minutes, Dan,” Mlchaells reassured him.
Through a perforated disk covering a house telephone at the side of the door the voice of Elmer Henderson answered the ring.
“Who's there?” he asked.
“Martin Frazier,” responded the
“Da n
/
\

i
at. is.
t • documents you Lave just signed is a confession?”
Henderson’s eyes prise by the slightest of
n locked full at Max Mlchaells v Itli unconcealed admiration, while other two stared from one to t!- * other, perplexed and amazed.
-Yes,” was Henderson's cool re-. “And the other is my last will 1 testament. It is a pleasure, en cue Is beaten, to realize that, o -• has yielded to superior brains I not merely to superior force.
lie there a
<
Peeing Machines For Army “Spuds”
indicated sur* .luttera.
The
are two
i •
fist, second,
roasters and added water go to make steam and when meat is cooked with steam the flavor is lost and also the meat juices.
Here are two general hints on lamb, the fat on lamb hardens at higher temperature than the iat on other meats so be sure to lamb either piping hot <xr
The Canadian army isn’t what it used to be—not by 1,457,658 miles of potato peelings. Neither is kitchen police. For the Munitions and Supply Department has announced that “no longer our boys spend dreary hours peeling potatoes.” They now use potatopeeling machines and 155 were bought recently.
Potato-peeling machines already a well-established equipment in the United States army.
t
The whole family enjoys it !
ply

Assistant District Attorney. Flaherty and Max Mlchaells with me."
“Pardon me a moment, voice. “I hadn't expected you qi.*t*
are
ai
• Healthful, refreshing Spearmint Gum Is a treat for young and old. And the chewing helps keep your teeth clean, bright and attractive. The delicious flavor sweetens your breath, freshens you up. Join the millions of happy families who enjoy Spearmint after
every meal.
.“Suppose you let . inimité. Henderson.” said Mlchaells the inventor proffered the second document to Inspector Flaher I appreciate your Intended but you have been n neither by superior brains by superior force, uuelss you count the forces of Nature.
si r ve
cold; not lukewarm.
Stuffed Breast of Lamb
3 lbs. breast of lamb 1 tablespoon minced onion M: cup diced celery Vi cup buttei b cups soft bread crumbs Vt teaspoon salt Lash of pepper 3,i teaspoon sage Vs teaspoon nutmeg % teaspoon thyme 1 egg slightly beaten V» cup boiling water Vt cup mint jelly Vi cup vinegar 3 tablespoons flour
said the
as
so soon.
Frazier and Flaherty looked a: each other wonderingly.
Max Mlchaells. whose face was sphinx-like. Presently the door was opened by Henderson himself, attired as .or a wedding or a church.
*Tve dismissed my
•'Come right in. gentle-
are
ty.
tlien at
compliment
llr-l
noi
Tie up to
“It was not the Czar’s armies, but the snow, that defeated Napoleon in Russia : it is not the police myself that has beaten you. Henderson, but the snow. The snow that you did not know anything about, never had seen, had not the experience with which to calculate upon its probability or to measure its ruinous effect upon your In-
he
man.
Ogden'sl
Dip in slightly mixed with two
Roll in
apologized men.”
“Expecting us. were you?
Dan Flaherty, in a puzzled tone. . “Oh. yes; ever since you posted all around the building
^x
not-
as ked
X
your men about four o’clock this morning, the amazing reply. Henderson

was
smiled at the three of them, as cool and self-possessed as he had been
2 cups water
Sprinkle the lamb with salt
Fry the onion and
gênions plot.
WGET SOME TODAY
iTo be continued»
V
and pepper, celery in the butter until delicately browned. Add the bread crumbs and cook about one minute, mixing gently. Remove from the heat and add the salt, pepper seasonings and egg, tossing with
Place
x
as
l>IU* i Itiimlierx nrli'uHiea per*»o«*»l letter* from Inlvrrwlvrt frailer*. She ii pleuwetl to revel we niunewtloM on tuple* for her column, and Is even ready lo Union lo your “pel peeves." Ile«iueefe for recipes er «liecial menus are In order. Address your letters lo “Miss Sadie II. Chn hers, 7:1 West Adelaide Street, Toronto.” Send stamped, self-addressed entelooe If you %wl»h a reply
Navy Takes Credit In Downing Planes


74 P
7
Gunfire fiom ships and naval
damaged
fork until well mixed, stuffing on one side of each piece of lamb and fold the other side the stuffing, making two or Tie each roll separ-
a
Ask any old timer how to get the greatest satisfaction from rolling your own and he'll tell you to tie up to Ogden’s — the light green package that is your green light to the best •moke of your life! For Ogden’s isn't "just another fine cut". It’s different, gorgeously different — a distinctive blend of choicer, riper tobaccos. Try it today
aircraft destroyed
than 1,000 German planes
more
from the start of the war to August 1, the Admiralty has announc-
over
three rolls, ately And place in a baking pan. Bake in an uncovered dish in hot for 15 minutes.
ed.
Probably Seize
French Islands

The statement said 537 of those destroyed were shot down into the sea, and 581 additional planes were damaged.
“203 were observed to be so heavily damaged as to be classed as probably destroyed although they not seen to crash."
The Admiralty credited certain destruction of planes as follows:
55 to armed merchant ships and fishing vessels.
348 to Royal Navy ships, including 73 to mine-sweepers, trawlers, and other small vessels. t
122 to the fleet air arm.
12 to allied vessels.
I
Add the

oven
boiling water, cover and bake in moderate oven for 1% hours. Spread with mixture of jelly and
Bake uncovered for 15
/
/
Of the latter,
If Germany tries to establish consulate on the French islands of St. Pierre and Miquelon in the Gulf of St. Lawrence the Canadian Government would have troops walk in and seize the islands.
This was the very definite opinion expressed in Ottawa regarding a reported radio announcement from Lyons, France, of the Nazi intention to send a consul to the French isles.
Such a report is not credited, but if anything of the kind is attempted, the Canadian Government and the British Government no doubt would move promptly. The islands are only 12 miles from Newfoundland and comparatively close also to Nova Scotia aid the Gaspe coast of Quebec.
a
/
Only the best cigarette papers — “Vogue" or “Chantecler"— are good enough for Ogden #
0Tf
a
vinegar.
minutes longer, basting frequently. Pour off the excess fat, leaving two tablespoons in the pan with the dripping. Add the flour, blend well and add two cups Stir constantly and cook
were
OGDEN'S
1!

%
See and Hear Thl$ Beautiful, New Electric Radio Console!
“Looks like more!" will be lirsc reaction when you this outstanding Philco value. Thrilling short-wave reception, famous Philco tone, electrical push-button tuning . . . more of everything than you would expect at this price.
Other Electric Rhilcos
$225-P And up EASY PAYMENT TEEMS
i
FINE CUT

water.
until smooth and thickened. Sea-to taste and serve with the Yields 6 servings.
Lamb Fricasse
2 lbs. breast of lamb 6 cups boiling water 4 small onions 4 small carrots 1
Pipe Smokers I Ask for Ogden's Cut Plug

m
son
your
lamb.
im v
see
i
H

t
HfY! SARGE ^ WHERE'S
?
Test Pilots Make Record Plane Tests
(? -U
¦f

YOUR

d MINARD’S

LISTEN IN
CHOC -1150 *c.
Officials of Noorduyn Aircraft Limited, Montreal, have announced what they believe to be a new Canadian record for the testing and acceptance of planes used in the dominion's war effort.
They said that recently the company’s test pilot, E. L. Capreol and FO. G. R. Lortie tested eight new planes and seven repaired machines in one day. So far as they knew, officials added, the mark never has been equalled in wartime either in Canada or th* United States.
Battery Radio Users—YOU CAN
2£§4
COST AND ** CUERENT DRAIN
AB Battery Power Unit elmosi doubles caps city, saves you H former battery cost. Philco
)U b^.Wra ' °
SOLDIERSgZÜT
RUB OUT TIRED ACHES
Australian Savings
PHILCO S2F
5 Tubes; 4 Tun ing Bands for Long- and Shortwave reception; Edge lighted DiahotherPhilco features.

1:1»
WEDNESDAYS
Savings bank deposits throughout Australia at the end of July were the highest ever recorded, amounting to almost $762,000,000, it was announced recently. War savings cestificates sold to the end of June totaled more than $52,000,000.
8.30 E.D.T.
7.30 E S T.
Weekly Newspapers Review
Only
COMPLET!
with AB Battery Unit
See your Philce Oeo/er or write eeoreaf Ditlribolor Wed below
ISSUE 38—’41
PHILCO 21ST
4 Tubes; Oval ;Loxty
sod

B
•Mil
###PAGE###4###
'
f




k
i^iSjafajsÆj'snusMiajcU5iSMisjaj'Merajsjajarajcaiaiajajsjaf3iajsiararajajQUSJSJais/a'3jm-rsjarsfajïçjï5/ff^1
NOTICE
THE EQUITY
6
SIX
TIMELY
SPECIALS
DALE’S TINSHOP
6
To WHOM IT MAY CONCERN
1
1
that :i
Notice is hereby given Petition will be presented on Saturday, October 4th, at 10 o’clock of the forenoon to any Judges of the Superior Court sitting at the Court House at Hull, for the District of Pontiac ; The said Petition on behalf of Lucy Evelyn Bough ton Wilkinson and Margaret Ruth Houghton Mannix will appeal to the said Court for an Order under the provisions of article 1088 E of the Code of Civil Procedure declaring the Petitioners to be sole and exclusive of the southerly part of lot 9 149 in the First Range of the Township of Bristol.
Any persons having any claim to any share in the ownership of the said lot hereby required to present themselves on the day and date above proceeded upon by default.
Shawville September 25 1941
a
1
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Shawville Council
m
§
The regular meeting of the Municipal Council was held at Hynes’ Hall on the
above date.	.
Present : Mayor G. G. McDowell in the chair ; Crs. Cotie, Caldwell, Premier-gast. Howard and Schwartz.
The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved on motion of Crs. Caldwell—Cotie.—Carried
The following accounts were presented for examination and approval Hodgins Lumber Company...
J Barber.............. •
R. P. Fades............
David T. Hodgins...........
C, P. R....................
Gatineau Power Company....
Costs, valuation roll......
Harold Beckett.............
Wm. McCuaig ...............
Lloyd Dagg.................
Thos. Bean.................
Harry Hodgins..............
Mrs. R. Howard ............
Mrs. L, E. Thomson.........

1
Gome in aqd see our full stock of
1
!
5i
1x7
1
1
41
$2.35 per 100 lbs $2.25 per 100 lbs
owners
Cafeteria Laying Mash.
Monarch Fattening Mash Monarch Dairy Concentrate $2.25 per 100 lbs Monarch Turkey Grower $2.20 per 100 lbs
Monarch Calf Meal	$'2.50 per 100 lbs
25 lbs
E9
FINDLAY
1
§	3 78
10 OO
1	37 50 40
2	25 147 78 130 00
2 50 2 00 2 00 2 00 2 DO 5 00 5 00
Motion by Os. Howard—Prendergast that the above bills be paid.—Carried Motion by Crs. Howard—Cotie that hundred dollars be given to the Agricultural Society for the year 1941 The valuation roll for the year 1941 examined by the Council and all adjustments which were deemed just and reasonable were made.
Cr. Caldwell gave notice that at the next meeting to be held on October 6th, 1941, he would introduce a by-law to levy the tax rate for this municipality for the year 1941.
Motion to adjourn.
Ed
are
RANGE
)
es

PHILIP F. FORAN
Attorney for Petitioners Hull, P. Que., September 15, 1911
75 per
Monarch Calf Meal
c*
%
A stove for every purpose, in all sizes
The above prices are about 50 cents per bag below
present values

Public Notice
: -!
-
%
THE ESTATE OF THE LATE JOHN
Edmund hodgins, in his lifetime of the township of Clarendon, deceased. All persons having claims against the above Estate and all persons owing monies to the above Estate are requested to fyle the same or make payment, as the case may be, within fifteen days to the undersigned.
KENNETH HUDGINS,
™ Executor R R. 1, Shawville, Que.
«
Re
A lucky buy enables us to pass these
savings to you




one
Dependent on Each Other
was
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO. REC"D
YOU are helping to make goods or provide services for the other fellow.
THE OTHER FELLOW is helping make other goods or provide other services for you.
No one citizen is independent of the efforts of his fellow citizens. The way of life in the community and in the nation is dependent on the united efforts of all.
5*.\
South Onslow Council
Help win the war
September 12, 1941
A meeting of the South Onslow School Commissioners met on the above date at the usual place of meeting. Present : Athol Inglee chairman and a full board of Commissioners.
On motion of Comr. A mm the minutes of the last meeting were adopted as re,id.
The Sec—'Irens, was authorized to get a number of books for Miss Davis at No. 4 school.
On motion of Comr. Henderson the following bills were ordered paid :—
E. A Pritchard, supplies
Earl Lucas............
Mrs. McAra ..........
Motion by Comr. Poole that William Meredith be appointed caretaker it No 3 school.
Motion by Comr. Henderson that any
b» notified to have same
H, C. ROWAT,
Sec -Treasurer Shawville
SAVE SCRAP
K

The Rank's part is to provide day-to-day banking services—your active use of them tvill be tvelcomed
Hodgins Garage
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
I
The BANK of
NOVA SCOTIA
September 16th, 1941
Clarendon School Board met on the above date, present Chairman Wilson and Commissioners Hodgins and Hobbs.
The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved on motion of Comr. Hodgins.
Motion by Comr, Hobbs that Mr. R. J. Tracy, be appointed a School Commissioner to complete the term made vacant by the resignation of I lev. T E R N urse—Carried
Mr. Tracy being present subscribed to his oath of office and took his seat at the board
Comr. Walsh took his seat at the board.
Motion by Comr. Walsh that the regular meeting of this board be held on the last Wednesday of each month, any special meeting members will receive due notice—Carried.
Motion by Comr. Hobbs that the necessary desk copies and teaching material be purchased for the schools.— Carried
Motion by Comr. Hodgins that contractor Herbert Wilson be given another advance payment of $ 500 pending the inspection of No. 13 school.—Carried
The following bills were presented for approval -
Norman Smith ..........
Pontiac Rural Telephone Moyer School Supplies.
Herbert Robitaille----
R P. Eades, supplies...
Motion by Comr. Hodgins that these bills be paid.
Motion to adjourn.
g

Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
8 37 98 25 50
!
ES T* D. 1 832 — OVER A CENTURY OF BANKING SERVICE
4 00
D
?
S3
KN
+*<«<< >***#<***< #* > ********************** ^
s

Clearance Sale of
one in arrears paid within 15 days of notice or the bills will be handed in for collection. Motion to adjourn.
i
kT
§
Jos. A. Steele. Secretary-T reasurer
FARM FENCING
1
|9
Mrs. Raphael Tourangeau
To make room for building
The death occured at Portage du Fort, Que., on Sunday Septembei 14th, 1941 of Mrs. Raephael Tourangeau in her 83rd year.
The deceased was the daughter of the late Louis Delorme and Margaret Trudeau
Fort in March 1859 and was marred to Raphael Tourangeau in February 1882.
Surviving are her husband, three daughters, Miss Margaret at home, Mrs, Martin Adams, of Wakefield, MissVigna. of Farrellton, Que.; two sons, Stephen, of Toronto, Raphael of Stark’s Corners, three grandsons, Raphael Mousseau, in the R. C. A. F, Valcartier, Que., Gun-Leonard Tourangeau, Overseas and
She also
Regular prices on all fencing reduced 5 cents per rod,
while stock lasts.
She was born in Portage du
TO PAY YOUR 1941
\
$ oO 00 11 75 337 10
Income Tax
re
2 00

in t
7 10
4*

ner
Ted Tourangeau, of Toronto leaves one sister, Mrs. Chas. Page of Fort William, Ontario.
The funeral was held on Tuesday, Sept. 9th and the large attendance showed the esteem in which the late Mrs. Tourangeau was held quiem high mass was chanted by Rev. Father Aachunibault. Mr. Pauline directed the choir a.sisted by the children
family favorite was played by the organist, Mrs. Richardson as the casket was being bom from the church.
Many spiritual offerings were received amongst them being, a high mass from the League of the Sacred Heart of which she was a member, also a wreath from, the family.
Mr, and Mrs. Tourangeau would have celebrated their fiOth anniversary in February.
Those from out of town who attended the funeral were : Stephen Tourangeau of Toronto ; Raphael Mousseau of Val cartier , Mr. and Mrs. Jack Boucner, of North Bay, Mrs. Francis Amyotte, Fort Cou longe, Herb Cameron, of Toronto and many others.
on the Government Monthly Plan

J. A. DEAN,
Sec.-Treasurer School Municipality of Clarendon
350 Rods in Stock
You must start at once !
Next Tuesday wilt he the last opportunity ' to pay your 1941 Income Tax on tHe
Government Monthly Plan. 'This gives you the privilege of paying in twelve monthly installments without interest, instead of by lump sum in March, 1949.
Here is how to get the monthly payment privilege
income tax by twelve
payment—and must be paid to the Receiver General on or before September 30. 1941, You will then pay the same amount before the end of each month for the balance of 1941. When you have estimated your 1941 income tax at the 1941 rate, you will deduct the four payments you will have already made, and pay the remainder in eight equal monthly installments, starting January, 1942 The Government offers the above plan as the most reasonable and convenient method of meeting income tax obligations. Ask your local Income Tax Office for Installment Income Tax Remittance Form—and any further in formation you may require,
I
?
The re
>
J. L. HODGINS
1
Correspondence
A very appropriate hymn, a
Phone 64-J.
Montreal, Que., Sept. 19, 1941


/IZIZt/.ZlZi/tZjZiZ|/(/!/l/,/1ZiZiZt/!/|/!Z'/!Z /iZ,Z Z Z / / / / / /
[ytzlz!zizi/izjziziyi
Editor, The Equity,
Shawville, Que.
Dear Sir ;
If your readers know of any English-8[>eaking child who id absenting himself or herself from school on account of impaired vision, will you please send the name and address to our institution It is very important that all blind and partially blind children should be educated, and the School of The Montreal Association for the Blind is well equipped for this purpose. The children are taught to read and write by means of the Braille System, and in addition to the subjects taught in the ordinary public school, instruction is given in music and typewriting and the pupils are trained in some useful occupation which will enable them to become self-sup|>ort-jpg citizens.
We have a sight-saving class too, where children read and write in large type. Frequently by placing children with weak eyes in a sight saving class such as is operated by our school, present vision is preserved for many more years than would be the case if pupil» stayed in regular classes with consequent eyestrain.
Extensive grounds are attached to ?he school building with suitable apparatus for recreation enta whtf are in a |position to do so are expected to contribute towards theii child’s maintenance.
Your co-operation in the work of locating these blind and partially blind children will be greatly appreciated.
Yours faithfully,
J. T. Heggie, Principal Montreal Association for the Blind
Divide the .total of your 1940
This is your first
!
CEMETERY MEMORIALS
We have received a shipment of granite and marble memorials before prices increased and as result we can offer these to the public at the old prices,
1

Cemetery Donations
Phone, 278
Dr. D. J. Omi bell, treasurer of the Village Cemetery Improvement Fund, acknowledges with thinks the following donations :—
Previously acknowledged.
Shawville Women’s Institute.
Mrs Kobt. Hammond,'Aylmer to Estate of Mrs. Geo.
Hodgins..............
Mrs. W. D. McCleary, Ladysmith to the Estate of the late Mrs. Geo. Hodgins..
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont

| 131 02 25 00
4
*
C. F. ELLIOTT,
For Sale or Exchange for Smaller Farm or City Property
Elmhurst Stock Farm, Portage du Fort Quebec. 000 acres clay loam soil with 325 acres under cultivation and 275 acres mixed bush. Never a crop failure. Excellent farm for cattle raising and dairying, Good buildings, one mile from churches and schools and railroad station and one mile from cheese factory. Easy terms.
Apply to
O A. HOWARD,
Shawville, Quebec
c. W. G. GIBSON,
5 00
Straw To be Given Away
Gommitsiooer of Income Tax
Hi nit tar of National Reuonuo
75 acres of straw lying in windrows, cut with combine. \ raking and drawing away.
3 00
May be had for
Only those par
For Sale

'
O. A. HOWARD
Shawville
2
1 Renfrew Range, 1 sideboard, 1 washing machine. 1 Quebec heater, 1 bedroom suite and other articles
Apply to
MRS BEN YOUNG
Shiwvill
Buy War Saving-
Certificates
Buy War Saving Certificates

Phone 39
4
»

###PAGE###5###
T
I FALL and WINTER i Get Y j SPECIALS |jg Early I fJ B
!	________ si	. * • L wi it
/
passnrrs
opcoat
m
our
j
c
p*




*
K


e -
?
ANO DOUBLE WAAM'WS CLOSET
IT

a
t
« I
Mel t
^S&Sw!
^#4

Don't wait for the chill blasts
to remind you that you d better get a new topcoat. Choose yours
NOW — a great selection of
y

ï

I
I
!f*
v
LOO«’ TIMER. AND CONDIMENT SHAKERS j
i
?
1

'
m
SO EASY TO . KEEP CLEAN!


E
%



¦ - Raglans — Fly fronts . - Slip-ons, etc. etc.
REGULAR, SHORT and TALL TYPES. SIZES 30 to 40, AT
\
A NO HEAPS OP HOT
... | WATER! S6ALLOH
I 2EMONARCE «K* i VOIR WTM TIP-. m. DOWN FAUCET-. 1 WILL NOT KJJSTi

4
v
14
G
"k


(:ï

0
41 »
I
i
TWO 5*ATI S - WOOD OR COAL* WITH END LINING IN ALL MODELS)


3
m
4



f


Vi
MD WHAT A BAKER HEAVY GAUGE STEEL.
weineo and
BRACED -ASBESTOS I IHJULAT&O!
:
, NO MORE BUZHT HANOI1 ALL « . HANOUS TOUCH COOL6A*t-^UTl AND CHROMIUM! CHROMIUM OveNTHeKMOMITEC
TOOl
$1^.00
V/
A* J
4
esse
„ with the added thrill of an up- in your neighborhood.	__
.50
$19
Men’s Heavy Breeks, Neva-wet processed
$2.98 to $3.98
Z
I
$25.00
Men’s Heavy Trousers, Neva-wet processed
Vanity.
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY, LIMITED
ONT.
$2.50 to $3.98
REGINA, SASH
ST. JOHNS, P Q.

susse::, n.b.
Men’s Heavy Quality Windbreakers. Neva-
wet...........................
Men's Doeskin Windbreakers, fancy colors
Men’s Fancy Wool Windbreakers..........
Boys’ Fancy Neva-wet Windbreakers $2.25 to $4,75 g
$1.98 to $2.25 jjj
$2.75 | $1.00 to $1.39 g
ALSO MANUFACTURERS OF ACORN. COOK-RITE AND ROYAL RANGES* # * CREAM SEPARATORS, WASHING MACHINES, TRUCK SCALES
FORSYTH SHIRTS DRESS TROUSERS
$3.50 to $$5.50
FALL HVTS


In worsted and dressy tweeds.
and finished. From
New stripe and check effects. Fused collars. All sizes. From
$3.50
$2.98
In a great variety of shades and shapes. All sizes. From

Well ma,Je
LEO R. KEON

$3.95
$1.65
$1.95
DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE
McKee - Quebec
Boys’ Plaid Doeskin Windbreakers..
Men’s Wool Sweater Coat, good quality
_ «X .1 zcz (no G? lathing and Tiaberaasheti/ fot men and boys

Men’s Heavy work shirts

E
6,
£
Buy War Certificates
Regularly
- K'E
6.
c

A.FRA5ER <£X. SOM
£
E
È ~ N, P. Horne
vt ’ . f» I
5252525252525252525252
C

tW
r’s old stand SHAWVILLE. QUE.
25252525^525 25252525252£dS252^525252525252525252525252525252gy5g5g5adb7
|S4
7Â

H
£
E


r/jyiz

ztz
Many Queer Grounds for
Divorce Are Presented
Many odd and queer grounds for divorce bob up in our courts frequently, aside from the important charges of non-support, desertion
ind incompatability.
In Tennessee a woman was grant-I „‘d a divorce because her husband .vould not buy her a box of snuff. I X husband was granted a divorce oecause his wife refused to let him :ake a bath on the grounds that it
, Another wife sued he held her head under

s
Wilson’s Garage
I^
B
The Hodgins Lumber Oo.
x
s
T13 Same Reliable Service
X
E

x
X
Ê
Dodge ail De Soto Sales and Service
X
&
X
E
Just Received
£
Ford Service
Iri
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils 1
j. P. Wilson
Main Street Sliawville Quebec
Plioue 40
a
veakened him.
Car Load of Eastern
oecause
water in the bathtub, in an effort to make her stop talking.
A baker claimed that his wife s nagging made him lose 20 pounds in weight; that she went through his pockets while he was asleep, and that she hid his clothes on Sun- j g jay, forcing him to wear his ba- ID leer's uniform. A woman won a di-because she claimed her hus-

30c
Fresh ground (Wee, per pound.........
Blue Ribbon Cocoa, giant can.........
Harry Horner’s Pudding Powder, pkg
Cut Macaroni.........................
Mixed Biscuit^, two pounds ..........
White Beans, per pound...............
Canadian Cheese, per pound ..........
Short Cuts and Brisket Cuts, \ er pound
York ’Cello Bologna, per pound........
Clover Leaf Fresh H et rings, per tin.
X
Cedar Shingles
X5c
X
• •
05c
\
* #
X
05c
THREE GRADES
29c
vorce
band had not carried on a conversation with her over the breakfast or Utopia on Earth	I dinner table for four years.
#######
""lei*
scrap their navies and armies and [him down so often, at last let peace on earth reign. After
WCek—don’t take their screen fare	--- ing your dress after spots are
msimmmm
new light on the life of the first in- ^ available to the men at any
mmm
the grain was found at the nev. Stone	which are always pressed and
ÎK	Si
the duke of Abercorn. It has been thought that the earliest men in the country were hunters and fishermen only, but the wheat grain proves them to have been farmers, the ar cheologists maintain. It is then opinion that cereals, and the knowl gdge of their cultivation, were taken * the Mediterranean to Ireland
05c 28 c
Phone 27

20c
m
THE HODCINS LUMBER COMPANY
20c


Quebec
15c
Shawville,



MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE

trBKEKTB'î*!’"

"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
t

VVNN N VVS

70c
Hursley Black Tea, per pound..........
EXTRA SPECIAL
Siftings Green Tea. per pound.........
G. M. Tea Bags, per 100 bags .......
Post Cornflakes, 2 large packages.....
Vanilla, 8 oz bottle..................
Libby’s Pork and Beans, 21-oz tin, 2 for
Libby’s Tomato Juice, 105 oz. tin.....
Honey, new crop, Smith s, 4 lb........
Jewel Jem Jars, quarts, per dozen...
Pints, per dozen.....
Kraft Dinner, per package.............
Cheese, new, per pound................
39c
re

$1.00
23c
17c
| ture had one the perpetual influence of pin-marble games. This brought a protest by fans who thought it encouraged gambling. Women’s clubs and pro hibition groups heaved a barrage of stem warnings when the hero in an other picture drowns his domestic
by tossing down one drink One studio received
19c
• •
FOR VICTORY !
49c
60c
$1.35
$1.20
i sorrows ! after another.
THE CORNER STOREll^TO*™
! studio ordered dialogue writers tv I insert in Mazie's future pictures s>
1 line to the effect that unfortunately “she never had much schooling and that she wished she could talk bet# ter, but has to express herself the best she can.'1
*•
Pennsylvania Dutch Knew Hon
The Pennsylvania Dutch had i-ick with pumpkins that helped wir isny prizes at country fairs. Se -cted pumpkins were cut with av Mnch vinetail left on. The vine ads were placed in jars and left to mature in the summer house.
20c
Estate Mrj. M. C. Howard
Main and CentreSts.
shawvills Qur;
.. 25c
w
bv the tomb builders.
vxxvx n\Vn


###PAGE###6###
f

#
Japan’s Aircraft Production Low

GATHER THE HARVEST TO MUSIC

R#
f.




First Lin# Air
Japan’s
Strength About Five Thou#-


i *v'rïlR' T#

am




and Planes
#•
Japan's “air industry is woefully weak and her air force is of low offensie strength.” Lucien Zacharoff, aeronautics authority, in the September i>ue of the magazine “Aviation."
He questions whether the Japanese air force would be a factor in defending its own cities.
The first-line air strength he
more
*-
!

1

I

#-, <
writes
-
tZk i



, ‘
i
f

than 5,000


places at no planes and possibly at only 8,000.
He says the island empire's personnel is probably 5,000.
“It sounds incredible,”
“that Japan’s army and

!
#
•I if:


?
*w



he
1
writes,
navy air-training schools are graduating a total of much fewer
than 1.000 pilots a year.
“The quality of their education be appraised by the fact; ad-
*4
»
*
match in a Paris arena. The sluggers’ bodies as in nature, were much whiter than their sunburned Beads of perspiration of the boxers stood out clearly.
Roux keeps the nature of his lenses a secret, except to say that he is using the principle# of parallax. This is a common astronomical word, describing the displacement of an object when seen from two different angles.
¦we
ri

and, presumably as durable as could he desired, production officials said.
%
I

i

faces.
m *!»
SB

? x
T T


'
»,
Colored Movies Made New Way
*V *
may
mitted by okio censors; that even in peace-time Japanese military ami commençai fliers have the highest accident rate in world."
Most of the leading Japanese military aircraft types are called obsolete or obsolescent by Zacha-roff, who adds that Japan’s current production of military planes of all types, including trainers, is about 250 a month.
Current United States production, as announced by the Office of Production Management, Is about 1.500.
The writer rates Far East So-iet air contingents as more powerful than Japan’s and Dutch-Bri-tish air power in the Pacific as greater than that of the Japanese

¦ ¦








to the aid of farmers in southeastern England and are offsetting th*
But they work according to their own rules
player supplies music while they
the
- —-
Double Lens Secret of New German Method
Discovery of a revolutionary new way to make colored movies is being shown in Berlin by Prof-Lucian Henri Roux of Paris.
' The films are plain black and white. They are taken with an ordinary camera, developed by ordinary processes, and projected on the screen by an ordinary machine.
The difference comes from two lenses, one fitted on the camera that takes the photos, the other fitted on the projector.
The colors are supplied in this projection lens, actually being mixed in the beam of light that
casts the pictures on the screen.
It is done so simply that one noted German professor of optics, when h saw the pictures, sighed :
“It’s another case of Columbus and the egg. Why didn’t we think of it ourseves?”
The colors arc strikingly natural. I saw, for example, a boxing
Hors D’Oeuvres “Literary” Style
Eat Your Meals
And Enjoy Them
Long War For
The Russians?
Modern
Etiquette
“Clean up your plate; lota of little boys in Europe are going hungry!" Twenty-five years ago the version was: “Think of those starving little Belgians.” even
nnre sense in the grim reminder than did the muttering small fry to whom it was addressed. We doubt the wisdom of appealing to a child’s appetite by reminding him that other children need food. Dubious social implications apart, motivation like this puts the wrong emphasis on eating ing is a natural function and the right emphasis is on enjoyment of it.
To occupy the brief interval between ordering and service of tbe first item in a meal, reading matter is provided on all menu card in use on dining cars of the
How seriously the Soviets are counting on a long war is cated by orders placed in the United States which cannot be filled for eight months.
One order of particular interest reveals their plans for transporting tanks by air. They have made the flat assertion that their transport planes are larger than our Douglas planes, and are capable of lifting and carrying a 15-t<»n tank.
indi-
BY ROBERTA LEE
And
covers
Canadian National Railways including those services operated on the Grand Trunk Western lines. Material used in those literary hors d’oeuvres covers a wide range
then we couldn’t see any
1.	What are some of the common expressions to avoid In conversation?
2.	Is it necessary to send a gift when one receives an announcement of a girl’s engagement?
3.	Is it permissible to use hotel stationery when accepting or fretting a formal invitation?
4.	Is It proper for a man to ioke while walking along the
street with a woman?
5.	Should one try to keep the right-hand margin of a letter even?
6.	When should a woman
move
the restaurant of a hotel?
navy.
of Canadian subjects, economic, historic and scenic. Collected in one volume these briefs, from present and past series, would make a handy encyclopedia of Information concerning Canada.
A new issue of cards prepared under direction of XV. W. Swinden. General Superintendent of Sleeping and Dining Car Department, Canadian National Railways, is now in use. These cards are illustrated by reproductions of natural color photographs depicting scenes as far apart as the Lions' Gate Bridge, Vancouver, B.C., and Hopewell Rocks. Shepody, N.B. Other illustrations indicate the beauty of Snow Dome in Jasper National Park, and the choice situation of the Chateau Laurier in Ottawa.
The accompanying text in each instance gives a comprehensive description of city add
Each bill of fare begins with a capital “V” for Victory and carries the Morse symbol of the now so readily recognized three dots and a dash.
Canada Plans Plastic Planes
re-
‘
Apparently, the Russians not only intend to be fighting eight months from now, but to be taking the offensive. Also it would that German claims of
at-
New Type Aircraft Await Decision of R.C.A.F.

II
appear
having annihilated the Soviet air force are entirely unfounded.

Manufacture of all-wood and fabric airplanes of the so-called “plastic" type may be the next step in Canada's expanding aircraft production program, if the necessary approval Is forthcoming ' from Royal Caandian Air Force officials.
An all-wood Anson fuselage, assembled at the air force operation al headquarters at Rockcliffe has
been exhaustively tested and proven, delivering about 10 miles an hour greater speed than that of the orthodox Ansons now in general use.
These fuselages are not plastics in the generally understood sense of the word, since they are not moulded from a composition but are made of laminated woods held together by a phenol-formaldehyde resin substance and assembled under tremendous air pressure.
Lightness of aircraft so manutac lured gives a greater carrying rapacity of gasoline, armament or personnel. Raw material is readily available. They are quickly made


re-

- HAVE • YOU HEARD?
her wraps when dining in

ANSWERS
1. One's personality is reduced to a minimum if he persists in employing such words as
"all rght";
"kid" for “child"; "gets my goat" far “annoys me"; .up to you” for "lTs for you to decide"; sure" for "yes" or “certainly"; and “I don't get you" for “I don’t understand." People of refinement, and especially women do not use these expressions.
Read This-

"O K." for
“yeah" for “yes";
This story won first prize in a competition run by an American periodical tor stories of brevity and dramatic content.
Elvina Parker received a telegram from her brother, who was accompanying her husband on a big-game expedition In Africa. The telegram read : hunting.—Fred."
Elvina, wired back:
Elvina."
Some weeks later a large packing case arrived from Africa. Inside was a lion. Elvina sent a tele-•‘Lion received. Must be
Limited,
Co
Dear
•»
•»

It is going
It is the talk
should
much.
very
obligator bang-all like
Sirs : like the with a
»
We
ene
Steaks.
Delicated
over
trade
All Uutel'C
IS
“Bob killed lion
alUuCATOR.tod

Steaks.
- truly»
(signed)
2.	No.
3.	No; personal stationery alone Is suitable for this purpose.
4.	No; it shows a lack of respect to the woman, especially If she is
The fact
!•
overcome with grief, "Send him home.—
They have a
ovth.

Yours
Hugh Favnsw
Heavy Toll Taken Of Enemy Planes
For further particulars the new Berkel Delicator write

one who also smokes, that convention does not yet allow a woman of breeding to walk along the street smoking a cigaret should prohibit a man of good taste from exercising his “right" while with
>
BERKEL PRODUCTS CO., LTD.
533-535 College St.
gram:
mistake. Send Bob.—Elvina.'
Back from Africa came the re “No mistake. Bob in lion.—
An Air Ministry tabulation, on the second anniversary of the declaration of war, placed Axis losses for the first two years of at 8,020 planes and British
Toronto
ply:

[•*..
her.
Fred."
while it is usually uneven, care should be taken not to the lines too near the edge of .It should have some
5. Yes;
— 7 —
A drunk was walking along the curb with one foot on the sidewalk and the other in the gutter, relate* Reader's Digest. A cop followed him for two blocks and then said, “Come along, buddy, and I'll help you home. You're drunk."
“Thank God!" drunk. “I thought I was a cripple."

war
losses at 3,089 planes.
An incomplete list of losses in various theatres was given as:— Over and around Great Britain —Axis, 3,629, Britain 884.
Over Germany and occupied
Axis 690, Britain
...CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
run
• • •
the paper, balance with the left-hand margin.
6. She waits until she is seated
>n si< ai. iwriti meats
now i:k III i.IIS
the
AGENTS WAXTKU
before removing her wraps, waiter or one of the men in the
DEALERS WANTED. BV MAKER of Ht ringed musical Inst rumcnin. S**nd for catalogue. A. Dennis A 381 Nairn Avenue, Winnipeg.
TULIP BULIIS FOB Butt, pink, tiUr per $1.50 per hundred. Pride of Haarlem. 70c a dozen. $5.50 s hundred. J. Vet, Fergus, Ont.
HOI MIS
DARWIN sale. Clara
dozen :
MAKE MORE MOXEt
SELL BRITISH C A N A D 1 A N Christmas cards with name imprinted. also boxed assortments Finest available in value, workmanship and price. 100%, profit— bonus for early orders. Your friends will want these cards. Experience unnecessary. Write today for details. Samples on approval. British Canadian. Room 41, 24 King West. Toronto.
territory 1,334.
Middle East—Axis 2,067. Bnt-
party assisting her.
said the
ICIIKI M ATH’ PAINS
ain 383.
Western Front in 1939-40 — Axis 957, Britain 379.
figures, representing only losses in fighting with Britain, do not include Axis losses on the Russian front.
How Can I?
GOOD RESOLUTION
EVERT
sufferer of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon’s Remedy.
Elgin
BEAGLE HOUNDS, Hart wick. 481
—V—
Three air-raid stories—all true:
“The siren has just sounded," a maid somewhere In Kent told her employer "and 1 hae laid your
tea on the lawn."
“Short air raid last night,” said the man on the bus. “Yes—hardly worth putting my teeth In for." replied Ills companion.
The A. P. warden tol«l a man to take cover. "I’ve got to pay for the war," he protested look at it?"
PEDIGREED
trained. C. H Albert St.. Stratford. Ont.
These
Mu mu's Of in wn
I H ug Store. 236 Postpaid $1.00.
BY ANNE ASHLEY
*>
i i :i. > i
AE ROMA TIC METER FOR AUTO-moblle, truck, tractor, bus and marine engines Stops carbon! 25% more mileage. Airmail for quick information! Agents, write for territory. Dept. 9. Box 163. Vancouver. Canada.
y How can 1 remove weather etains from a canvas auto top?
A. Ordinary weather stains, caus ed by soot, rain, or dust, can perhaps be best removed by brushing with a hot soap solution and rinsing. Some weather stains on
be lightened by using bleaching powder, or Javelle water
Q. How can 1 clean rush-seated
chairs?
A. Use a little bran water. Bran water is prepared by adding a handful of wheat bran to one pint v of cold water and simmering a half hour. Strain and add a pint of cold water.
. Q. How can 1 prevent rust from forming on steel tools and kitchen utensils?
A. Keep a lump of fresh burnt-lime In the drawer or case in which these articles are kept.
Q. How can II remove warts
from my hands?
A. Wash the hands in a solution of a liberal quantity of washing soda dissolved in a pan of water. Dry the hands without wiping. Or, castor oil rubbed on the warts often causes them to dry.
Q. How can I prepare a good salad dressing?
A. Mix two teaspoons salt, and two tablespoons sugar. Mix one cup of peanut butter with one cup of evaporated milk, also three-quarters cup orange Juice and one-quarter cup lemon Juice. Blend with the dry ingredients and beat until smooth.
I’ll it TOUS
J N. LIN USA > . LAW OFFICE. UAi’ itol Theatre Building. St. Thvmu.-Ontarlu Special hepnrimeni foi farmer» collections
POSTAGE STAMPS WANTED
More power !
ONE 25/40 OIL and One Both
8< utt.
1'1'LL TRACTOR 2U/35 Oil Pull Tractor, reconditioned. Thoma» 1*. Cromarty, tint.
The Perfect Wife
W. M. Stallings thinks he has found a fisherman with a perfect “The man," said Stallings,
gw
$
ST l< KIWIS
CANADI AN cash for or off envelope
'O ELECTOR OF Stamps will pay Issues on l envelope worth mote. Only inter-sted in the so-called Young Queen Victoria issues which includes the Reaver, Prince Albert and Cartier. Need King Edward fifty Write me describing what have. All letters will be ans-('. Hunter, Morpeth.
AERO.MATIC METER
old

can-
wife.
“was sitting on a box fishing on hot day. His wife held an brella over him with fanned him with the other."
VICTORY STICKERS
autos, doors, windows, halls and homes. Six assorted for 30c. 12 for 50c. Harvlt's Flag Store, 22* King St. East, Toronto.
FOR
nn
aeromatic meter for automobile. Truck. Tractor, Bus and Marine Engines. More Power Stops Carbon! 25% More Mileage Airmail for quick Information1 Agents, write for territory. Dept 9, Box 1C3, Vancouver. Canada
vas can
i urn-one hand,
Can’t I
a
—v—
“It’s getting late," remarked the first fisherman, “and we haven’t "caught a single fish.”
“Well,” replied his companIon, “let’s let two more big ones get away and then go home.”
cent you wered. R Ontario.
U LILTING
— ¦¦¦	—
<|l ILTING PATCHES, GOOD <4
ity print* ami plain hroad.
Four pounds for ono dollar postpaid. Textile Jobbers, Ward St.. Toronto.
FILMS DEVELOPED
LAI-
clotn.
II4IIY CHICKS
AND PRINTED 4 OR 8 EXPOS! HE*
CULL YOUR POULTRY THIS FALL. You'll need fresh laying stock to meet British demand for eggs. Taking chick orders fall delivery, a few laying pullets. Write for Bray Fall Service Bulletin. Bray Hatchery. 130 John North, Hamilton, Ont.	________
IIOOF TRIMMERS
HOOF "trim m ERS, 30 I N< H ES. satisfaction guaranteed. $3.25 delivered. Matt Wolowidryk, Venn Sask.N	___________
25c
FREE ENLARGEMENT
STAMP*
With Every Roll
FILM FINISHER*
TORONTO
AERO BOX 121
FREE TRADING MEMBERSHIP, one month. Elite Stamp Exchange. Box 1732 Winnipeg. Manitoba.
—T—
A man who’d just Joined for training passed a captain without saluting. The captain stopped him.
"Take a look at me," he said. “Do you attach any special sig niflcance to this uniform.''
The new chum looked him over, then grinned, dog/* he exclaimed, "you’ve got a suit that fits!"
PERSON AI.
FARM MACHINERY
SUPERFLUOUS II A 1 it SAFELY permanently, privately removed Face, Limbs:	Treatment $2.tin
postpaid, plain wrapper. Guaranteed kill ruo#s with one i.ppli cation. Canadian Chemistry Cum pany, Wilkie. Sask.
u ANTED
PARCELS FOR OVERSEAS
SOLDIERS
NO. 42 McCORMICK-D BERING Combine, new last year. Mel Hunt, R.R. 4, Brantford.	___
URL OR MIDDLE AGED WOMAN for g<*nernl housework, no cooking. 427 Palmerston Blvd.
Razor Iliade», B J Cigarettes, Gum, Oxe,
All (InImga In Rrltalm
Seed
regimental
Contain
•Isle,
Root Litre», Soap — difficult to procure
time and trouble.
$1.00 with n a me,
e,V °c£omt p^rchl"
DESPATCH (Reg’d), 850 Bey Street, Toronto. Receipt mallei
-
1
CARS, NEW AND USED
YOUNG (fit MIDDLE AGED MEN to secure subscript lone In rural Sales experience helpful. Permanent position, generous arrangement
73 Richmond \V. Toronto.
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS LTD., Toronto's oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers; three locations, 632 ML Pleasant Road, 2040 Y on g e St., 1650 Danforth Avenue. Our Used Cars make us many friends.
I
MODEL III;II! 119KRS SUPPLIES
“Why, you lucky
areas
X1RPLANES - BOATS - RAILROADS Canada's largest and most com plete hobby house, wholsule and retail. Complete catalogue of all kits and supplies, ten cents. Lloyd's Hobby Cruft, 635 St. Clair West, Toronto.	_________
Farmers' Magazine.,
—v—
A little English girl came In lets for school with this note;
“Please excuse May for being late. We were blitzed last night and she wasn’t dug out until 3 o’clock this morning.”
lo your address.
EARN EXTRA MONEY
SELL MASTER KRAFT CHRIST mas Cards with name imprinted, also boxed assortments. Exclusive, attractive cards of highest workmanship sell themselves when shown to friends. L p to 100% profit. Make more — Sell the best. Experience unnecessary. Write today for details. Samples on approval. Master Kraft, 343 Doherty Bldg.. Toronto.
SNAPSHOTS TO-DAY TREASURES TO MORROW
mini 1 m.
Nervous Restless
Your films are carefully and scientifically processed by Imperial, to make sure they last
6 or H EXPOSURE FILMS 2ftr
PROTECT YOUR STEEL ROOFS. Have them coated with our special roof coating. Guaranteed to stay on 6 years. Estimates on new work and repairs. C. W. Ferguson, Roofers, 164 Howard Dark Ave., Toronto. ME I rose 9852._

with beautiful enlargement ffae. 4 reprint» with enlargement iSe Thousands of letters from satisfied
Girls!
Cranky? ftestleas? Can’t sleep? Tire easily? Annoyed by female functional disorders and monthly distress? Then take Lydia R Pinkham’a Vegetable Compound, famous for over 60 years In helping such rundown, weak, nerrotr
MS
customers testify to our superior quality and service
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE .
Dept D Station I Toronto
%
MEDICAL
FARM FOR MALE
DIXON'S REM edy for Rheumatic Pains, Neuritis. Thousands praising It. Mun-ro's Drug Store. 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
NATURES HELP
A wind velocity of 231 miles an hour was reported In 1984 atop Mount Washington, New Hamp-
efclre.	-
W'lfELOK UNABLE TO WORK his farm of 100 acres, desires to -*•11 or suitable partner. Henry Dewar, Apple Hill, Ont.
%
flU

/
ISSUE 38—'41
*KLL WORTH TRYING I
é
\
###PAGE###7###
Income Tax
SCOUTING
SUNDAY SCHOOL LESSON
RADIO REPORTER



;
You '’ti start paying your 1941 tax now make the first payment on or before September 30.
Here’s how to do it. Pay at least one twelfth of the tax you paid for 1940 each month for the next four months, September, October, November, December.
In January, when you have determined your true tax for 1941, deduct what you have already paid, then pay the balance in eight instalments. This gives you until August 31, 1942, to complete your payments. There is no interest charged if this plan is followed.
If you don’t start in September, you can’t get in on this plan.
One thing to remember: the revised regulations have increased income tax payments considerably. A lot can be saved by acting now..
A special form awaits you at the office of the Income Tax Department in the post office building. Ask for Form T 7 B.
For residents of Canada the exemptions are:	married person,
$1,600; single person $750. Exemption for each dependent is $400.
By DAVE ROBBINS
but you muet

/>v-
lu a new Saturday evening ; erie# of half hour programs. CKOC Hamilton Is indeed fortunate to b# Included In the line-up of station# that will bring Lombardo’s muslo to the Ontario home at 8.00 o’clock
E.D.S.T. Incidentally; Lombardo is heard in the period that last year broadcast the program “Sweet and Swing’’—and the 1941 version of Sweet and Swing, called thê Musical Beauty Box, will probably be heard at 8 o'clock * Thursday evenings, starting the first Thursday in October. CKOC will also carry this show!
This Is Fair Time in the province, and every Wednesday night at 8.30 CKOC In Hamilton dedicates a half hour to the local communities of the province and the fairs to be presented in their district. The program will carry until the fair season is over, near the end of October, so if you want some publicity on your own local effort, just forward the information to the CKOC news-room!
&
The Radio Theatre, conducted »y Cecil B. DeMille, started Its eighth season of broadcasting on Monday, the 8th of Sept. Holding
to a standard of dramatic presentation, the Radio Theatre consistently holds a maximum listening audience on this continent. It is presented o* er the Columbia network in the United States and is heard In Canada over a large majority of stations of the C.B.C. network, every Monday evening at
9.00 p.m. E.D.S.T.



*
m

LESSON XIII OVERCOMING THE ADVERSARY Revelation 12:1—15:4 PRINTED TEXT Rev. 12:7-12; 15:2-4 GOLDEN TEXT.
m.


z*-*|

m
Hi

And they him because of the
1

overcame blood of the Lamb, and because of the word of their testimony; and they loved not their life even unto death
ltev. 12:11.
Another consistently popularity leader is Guy Lombarco’s orchestra—the music of the Royal Canadians, called the “Sweetest music this side of Heaven." Every yw Lombardo tops the sweet bands— and every year bis brand of sweet melody sems to “fit" some beauty product or other for effective radio publicity. This year, Guy Lombardo will be heard for the first time over the network of the C.B.C.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.
Place.—The Island of Patmos in the Aegean Sea.
Our Bible speaks of terrible wars at the end of this age, greater even than those we have thus far seen, and, amazing to say, actually a war in heaven. It is concerning the terrible final conflicts of this age, and a great battle In heaven, that our lesson is concerned, and how it behooves all of us these days to know definitely what the Word of God has to say about these coming events.
i
About A.D. 95.

4M



it
a

m
AWAY FROM WAR
Here’s a good news item:	The
"Good Deed’ Club' returned to tb* air last Saturday morning at 9.45 on CKOC. It’s Hamilton’s old-t continuous radio feature, just nicely under way on its ninth year of broadcasting. Dedicated to children, starring children on the show, and encouraging them to do their good deed each week, it’s a standout in radio entertainment. Claude Knapran, the club’s originator, Leslie Sommerville’s Good Deed Singers, and the orchestra directed by Bill Ruffles are all back c i the show this year. Remember—it’s Saturdays, 9.45 a m., from CKOC.
mm

Idle War Gossip Weakens Morale
y
ma
War in Heaven
7. “And there was war in heaven: Michael and his angels going forth to war with the dragon; and the dragon warred and his angels; 8. and they prevailed not, neither was their place found any more in heaven. 9. And the great dragon was cast down, the old serpent, he that is called the Devi! and Satan, the deceiver of the whole world; he was cast down to the earth, and his angels were cast down with him.” The scene described in these verses is not spoken of as a sign. The presence of satan in Heaven is a reality. A war there between the hosts of good and evil under their respective leaders, Michael and the Dragon is most sure. Sin was conceived in the heart of Satan. Not content to occupy a creature's place, he aspired to the throne itself. The first step in the execution of judgment upon Satan is his forced dislodgment fr>m above.

ti
Three Halifax Scouts receive their “Red Wings,” the junior airmanship badge of The Boy Scouts Association, at the hands of Squadron Leader C. E. Creighton. When, like hundreds of other Scouts, they earn their “Silver Wings,” they will have mastered the theoretical principles of flying, air navigation, aero engines and much ground work.


Red Cross Leader In United States Advises Action Against False War Rumors and Waste
i



There is a striking connection here between the triumphant song of Moses, found in Exodus 16, sung after the glorious deliverance of the children of Israel from the pursuing Egyptians, and the song now sung by those who also had been delivered from a God-hating power, from the enemies of Christ. Both indicate the triumphant overthrow of proudest earth and satanic power through submission of faith to God. Both victories are those of supernatural divine power and interposition.
What For Dinner? Answer Is Steak!

Mrs. Dwight Davis, Director of the American Red Cross Voluntary Services, said that every American woman can help strengthen national defense by combating wild rumors which weaken morale.
Mrs. Davis suggested that If a woman hears a rumor she should say to the person telling her: "Would you be willing to put that in writing so 1 can check it?"
That would be a surprising brake on Idle gossip, she said.
Mrs. Davis, slim, energetic head of 1,200,000 women enrolled in the Red Cross Voluntary Services, is back at her desk after an inspection trip to England to see how the British women are carrying on.
She said the three things that have depressed her the most since her return have been idle gossip, waste, and the jockeying for prominent position by women eager to help in the defense program.
She declared she was shocked at the waste of vital materials in her country after seeing what is being done in England. She related she visited salvage dumps, saw the collections of bones, waste paper, rags and old metal and then saw the products—airplane wing covering, clothes, blankets—made out of it. ---------------
Two Years Too Late!

8



4-
i
w
¦ }
Ask Mr. Average Man what he would like to have for dinner and chances are, and without hesitation, he will answer—Steak!
The Berkel Products Company Limited, 533 College Street, Toronto, have perfected a Delicator
especially manufactured to make steaks tender and palatable. The use of the Delicator also has inspired a great number of new ways of preparing all kinds of the coarser cuts of meat.
Delicated steak made a tremendous hit at the Canadian National Exhibition and if your grocer is not prepared to serve this new delicacy, have him get in touch with the manufacturer who will give him all the information as to the possibilities offered by this machine.

In A Thunderstorm

0
«

Don’t ....
1.	Ride a horse or swim.
2.	Stay in a bathtub.
3.	Get under a lone tree.
4.	Go under a steel bridge.
6. Play a piano.
6. Operate a radio, sewing machine, washer or other electrical apparatus.
-1

m
»
a*:
<x
David Lloyd George, Britain’s snowy-haired prime minister of World War I, enjoys life of retirement on his farm at Churt, England, and finds apple crop promising.

Wasted Gasoline
ELECTRICAL EXPERT
Satan Cast Down
10. “And 1 heard a great volte in Heaven saying, Now is come the salvation, and the power, and the Kingdom of our God, and the authority of his Christ: for the accuser of our brethren is cast down, who accuseth them before our God day and night. 11. And they overcame him because of the blood of the Lamb, and because of the word of their testimony; and they loved not their life even unto death. 12. Therefore rejoice, 0 Heavens, and ye that dwell in them. Woe for the earth and for the sea : because the devil is gone down unto you, having great wrath, knowing that he hath but a short time.” Heaven realizes that the great hour has come for the establishment of the Kingdom of God on earth. Heaven knows that the prophets have foretold of a great age of righteousness, and justice and peace, and the suppression of sin is about to be ushered in. We overcame Satan by the blood of the Lamb, because pleading Christ’s sacrifice, Satan is silenced as our adversary before the throne of God. Moreover, as we think of Christ’s sacrifice for us, we are made more than conquerors through Him that loved us. We can’t afford to be defeated, if we have a word of testimony for Christ. This is the thing that delivers us.
Israel’s Sufferings
The concluding paragraph of this chapter is a more detailed presentation of the great theme of Israel’s terrible sufferings at the end of this age, when she will be most fiercely persecuted by the enemy of Christ and the enemy of God’s children. Uundoubtedly, those referred to in the last verse of this chapter are those Jews who, in this terrible time of suffering, have come to acknowledge the Lord Jesus Christ as their personal Saviour, pud are living godly lives.
A motorist in Wales who stopped his automobile without stopping the engine was fined 10s in court on a charge of wasting gasoline.
incandescent
Answer to Previous Puzzle
HORIZONTAL
1,7 Great American inventor.
11	Period of time
12	Camel type beast.
15	Name.
16	Drop of eye fluid.
17	Greaser.
18	Spiral of wire.
20	Measures of length.
21	To cease to sleep.
22	Person opposed.
23	Moreover.
25 Corroded.
29 Foppish.
33	Frozen.
34	To grow old.
36	Vocal composition.
37	To shower.
38	Pair (abbr.).
39	Mother.
41	To sum up.
42	He invented

T
Ej 23 Sleeper’s r] couch.
Tl 24 Total.
23 Prearranges.
27 Fetid.
P 28 Noise.
HM

N
I
BB
NHL

I

N
I
¦
By William Ferguson
This Curious World
30	To suffice.
31	Neuter pronoun.
D
T
LE

T
" ERJEShK OYSTERS BV CABLE. " >

B
32 Southeast (abbr.).
34	Bow in sky.
35	Ratite bird.
38 Hole.
40 Weapon.
42	Writing tablet
43	Nocturnal mammal.
44	Eternity.
46 To handle
I
I

I rN M ALLE
l S
0
1*1

“Now that Berlin and other parts of Germany are getting a taste of total air war as a result of the combined attacks of the Royal and Russian air forces, an official Nazi spokesman pleads for ‘really humane warfare.’
“The Nazis should have thought of that b?fore they laid waste
Warsaw in September, 1939; before they wantonly destroyed half of Rotterdam in May, 1940, and before they began their ruthless air assaults on London, Coventry, Plymouth, Liverpool and other British cities a year ago, in which more than 40,000 civilians have been killed to date.
“Nazi hypocrisy reaches new heights in this plea for ‘humane warfare,’ which also reveals that Nazi leaders feel the Germans can’t take it,” says The New York World-Telegram.
motion machine.
453.1416.
46	Obese.
47	Month (abbr.) 7 Merited
48	Chopped.
50 Mineral spring
52	To view.
53	Bridle straps 55 He was an
by trade
VERTICAL
2	Back of foot.
3	Spoken, a 4 God of war.
5	Delayed.
6	He invented a machine
or phonograph

4



g


8	Indian.
9	Early.
10 To leave out 49 Tiny.
*	13 Geology
division.
*	14 Wages.
16 He was once a
WHEN TRANS-OCGAN/CZ
o
• I
I
50	To harden.
51	Blackbird. 53 Red Cross
(abbr.). operator. 54 South
Carolina (abbr.).
4k

RAISED FOR



70VS*0/="
19 He invented
the
COP*. 1938 BV NEA SERVICE. INC. O
.':CUly
are: found
/a
3
7
8
9
I
«
10
OWNING
i
TO THEM.
15
12
13
II
M



METROPOLITAN
ARCHERY
CHAMPION,
SHOT A//AZET
16
17
18

0
2
I
fcAkSUSH CHANNEL.
\
3
24
X
A GROWS INTO THE GOLD '"BULL'S EVE" OF AN ARCHERY TARGET AT A DISTANCE OF
4fO YAÆOS/
AKDU/YTA//Y
ra/vge:
LADIES ACTIVITIES
26
28
30
31	32
Q&
Many ladies’ societies are raising worthwhile money by selling Christmas cards. It is a pleasant way to renew old friendships and up to 100% profit can be made under the excellent merchandising plan. Master Kraft Cards, 342 Doherty Bldg., Toronto, have one of the largest and finest lines of Boxed Assortments, all selling for $1. A letter to the above firm will readily obtain particulars. Up to 100% profit can be expected under their well-thought-out merchandising plan.
36
#4

37
38
39
40

42
43
I
«mi
• •
5


J-/Z
9
5
m
GREAT mountain ranges appear to be indestructible, but geologists know that they are in a state of constant change. Today the of the great range that once reposed where the English
54
Victory Through Christ
2. “And I saw as it were a sea of glass mingled with fire; and them that came off victorious from the beast, and from his image, and from the number of hia name, standing by the sea of glass, having harps of God. 8. And they sing the song of Mores the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb, saying, Great and marvellous are thy works, 0 Lord God, Almighty; righteous and true are thy ways, thou Kjng of the ages. 4. Who shall not fear, 0 Lord, and glorify thy name? for Thou only art holy; for all the nations shall come and worship before thee; for thy righteous acts have been made manifest” The company here found gathered together is made up of those who had been victorious over the beast. They had come through a time of fearful tribulation. The entire picture U oee r* Joy, and praise, and hen’ity.
remains
Channel flows, are visible on the shores of Brittany.
55
11
NEXT: Buttons made of milk.
POP—Late Edition
By J. MILLAR WATT
1
isn’t it on your
NEWSPAPER _
MOW DO I KNOW WUAT TH& DATE
IS?
NO!
THIS IS YESTERDAYS
M
I
#
£
• •

o

%
?
I

l
i
V
si
4
1
1-20
i««j*
tar
I
I
j
###PAGE###8###
t
Results of Trials of Speed Shawville Fair
Friday, September 19th

Look Here
Many Attend Funeral of Clifford Sharpe
ESTABLISHED 1883
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost, etc.
St. Matthew’s Church, Char ter is, was filled to capacity on Thursday afternoon for the funeral service for the late Clifford Sharpe, who met his death in an accident at the Hallnor Mines, South Porcupine, on the previous Sunday.
Following a biief ceremony at the home of Mr. and Mrs. K. H. Kelley, wheie the body had been resting, the service was conducted in the Church by the Rev. K. C Bolton, assisted by the Rev. 1>.
Andrews, of Campbell s Hay.
made in St
PURSE $ 100.00
2-18 CLASS
COACH
INVALID
Heats
1 1 1
2 2 2
3	3 3
4	4	4
f> r> Dr G Dr.
7 Dr.
Driver
Lt Blanc
Proudfoot
Turcot t
Davis
Cotie
Horner
Findlay
Residence
Owner
Horse
Pembroke
Cecile
Proud foot Campbell's Bay Turcot tt	Mattawa
Proudfout Campbell’* Bay Cotie
Prendergast Shaw ville Findlay	Arnprior
Sharkie Bel ini Lord Durham Joe Harvester Ray Evans Rex Oral ton Darkle Patehon G. G. Kirk

GEORGE HYNES & SON
FOR SALE-Three and five year old
standard bred

Clydesdale mares ; one mare; one year old general purpose mure and one Percheron foal. Apply to Lkk Hoiwins Shaw ville Phone 44
I
Directors of Funeral Service
Arnpnor
Shawvillo, Que.
WANTED—Maid for general house work, good home good wages I hone 3-0548 or write to 8 Monk! and Avenue, Ottawa	_______________
FOR SALE-Oxford grade ram and 4 ewes. Apply to R®bt. Smart, R K -• Shawville. Phone 19—19
Time : 2 10	2-11	2 09
Phone 80
PURSE S 75.00
2-26 PACE
Interment was Matthew’s cemetery.
The pall bearers
Doherty, VVilburn Finan, Ebert.
Richardson, Dalton Richardson,
Marshall Horner and He.bert Pal-, pewter Wa, a„ Essential mer
Con nil y
Davis
M'-yle
Champion
Hill
LaRlanc
3 1
Westmeath
(jnyon
(jnyon
Avon more
Ottawa
Pembroke
1
Conolly
Dan 0
Miss Admiral Mack Boland Princess Worthy Mable E. Peters John R. Gentry Dug G nit ton
were : — Ivan
1 3
2
f> 2	3
Moyle Savucr Hill < Veil*
Service Announcement
LOST-On Shaw ville Fairgrounds a brown purse containing money and registration Card Finder kindly return to Mrs. Daniel Stewart, R. 1 Bryson
FOR SALE—Star touring car in good running condition. Apply to Ewart Hoduins Charteris
2 4
4
4 5
6
G G 5
Many beautiful floral tributes were received from local friends
its production were kept busy turning out articles needed in the home.
Almost every community had its pewterers. Little skill was required Miss Abbie Pritchard presided I to produce plates, basins, mugs and at the NVyroan Women’s Institute the like, as they required only castmeeting which was held at the ing, finishing on a lathe and a little home of Mrs. Haulan Young, Fri- soldering or welding, day afternoon, Sept. 12th with por a period of nearly 100 years
Mrs. Pritchard, secretary assisting. before Revolution, pewter was
Amusing jokes were given in practically the only tableware [merits response to tbe Roll Call.	. available. Gradually it had supple-
Donations were made to tm mentecj the woodenware of the early Queens Canadian and mo	‘ days of settlement. Many of the
mm#####
Won at Macdonald College and the selves to making plain and practical Regional Conference of the A C. pieces of their own designing, w. w. at Ottawa gave very in- It may be noted that many of the foresting and instructive reports households had their own molds for of each.	the small pieces such as spoons and
Pamplhets on 11 Food for Home other articles in general use. It was Defence, " are being given out to a neighborly act to lend these molds members.	to others as they needed them,
Tea was served by the hostess | much as our grandmothers loaned assisted by Mrs. MacKay.
Shawvillb United Church
Commodity in Early Days
Pewter was an essential commod-
Time : 2 10 2 12 2 1.3
Rev A. F. Foxes B.A, B.D, PA3tor Sunday September 28th
11.00 a. m. Service at Shawvillc
Service at* Zion,
Saturday, September 20th
PURSE $ 60.00
For Salk or trade on ft matched team one heavy dftrk grey gelding sound rising 5 years Apply to ANGUS carty, Camp-Service at Stark ’^Corners I bell’s Bay. Phone 36—3
CLASSIFIED
1.30 p. m
Wyman Women’s Institute
Heats
1 1 1
2	4 2
4	2	3
3	3 4
Driver
Davis
Horner
Cotie
Findlay
Residence
Campbell's Bay Sbawville Arnprioi A rn prior
Owner
Horse
Ray Evans Darkle Pat chon Prendergast Rex Gratton Cotie
Findlay
Time: 2-12 2 13
3,00 p. m
All these appointments are Rally
Day Services
7.30 p. m.—Service at Sbawville
k
Proudfoot
WANTED — Maids for "nstitutional work. Apply to Perlky Home, Ajlmer Avenue, Ottawa
G.G. Kirk
2-12
The pastor will speak at all appoint
FOR SALE—0 tube battery radio and wind charger, complete Apply to Mrs. Thos. NcDowell Phone 26—19
PURSE $ 100.00
FREE-FOR-ALL
4
i
Proud foot Turcott
Connly
La Plane
Ca my bell’s Bay Mattawa Westmeath Pembroke
2 03
1	1 I
2	2 2
3	3-4
4	4 3
Lord Durham Proud loot Jue Harvester Turcott
Conoly Sharkie Bel ini Cecile
Time : 2-10 2-10
FOP SaLE—House on Main Street in the Village of Shawville with two full sized lots known as the James Horner property next to the vhurch of England Good residential property on Main St. at the east end of the village. Apply to H C ROW AT Notary Shawville Que
Bristol United Church
t.
v
Dan C
Sunday, September 28th 11.00 a. m. — Service at St. Andrew’s
Service at Knox. Service at Austin
Starter, J. W. Driscoll, Ottawa
2.30	p. m
7.30	p. m
Preacher at all appointments, Rev. Reginald C Perry. M. A, B. D, of Windsor, Ont.
WANTED—Middle aged woman for general housekeeping in small family Apply to Box 125 Ottawa Ont.
1

FOR RENT—Comfortable dwelling on Centre Street Apply to 1 Swartz Phone 41 Shawville
3
nomma
ANGLICAN St. Paul’s

f
v
<
WANTED—Country woman, protesant for farm home* Apply stating experience and salary to Mrs. T. H. Reid, R. M. D Renfrew Ont.
WANTED—Maid, must he clean and dependable. Apply to Mrs. Claman Box 483, Arnprior
their candle molds and large copper kettles to make apple butter and other good things.
While today we collect pewter for
nesday evening, Sept. 17tli, to say gleam of this old metal makes a farewell to ins daughter, .Mrs. pleasing background when arranged Lawrence Orr, who is leaving! in an open cupboard or on shelves shortly to take up residence at i in a room paneled with pine. It is Timmins, Out., where her lms- | especially appropriate for the ranch band has been stationed for j 0r suburban home, several months.
During the evening an address
ÎSÆ ,&	I Chemi.U Invent Diet
Kathleen Rielly presented a well-
filled basket of miscellaneous gitt=.
Mrs. Orr, after opening the previous parcels graciously .ex pressed
her appreciation.
Dainty refreshments were served by the ladies present.
Miss Florence Elliotr, of Struai-	_ T . ,	, _ ,	.
ner Bask., accompanied by Miss chusetts Institute of Technology an-
Grace Davis, is visiting relatives nounced the formulas in a paper in Shawville and district.	| presented at the seventy-seventh an-
nual meeting of the New England Dental society in Boston.
He said the preparations, developed by himself and other technol-
Years immediately following high 0gy biochemists, were virtually com- j Vitamins are substances found in school or college graduation consti- p}ete foods.	foods, small quantities of which are
tute the “dangerous age for health Dr. Harris denied a published re- i necessary to life. They are chem-£..nd posture for the average per- port that the formulas had been pre- ical compounds with very definite son, according to Miss Gertrude sented to the federal government or formulae and have now been isolated Hawley, lecturer in posture and to the British government.	and made up to be sold as concen-
liealth for the University of Califor- | The formulas:	| trates on the market.
No. 1—A 20 gram preparation of “Instead of the leisurely schedule skim ^ilk powder, whole wheat cf school and home study, and the meal, solvent soy bean meal and a all-absorbing participation in sports concentrate of all necessary vita-and social recreations, one must mins except vitamin C. be prepared to catch a 7:30 car or No 2—A 20 gram formula of oats, bus daily and settle down in an of- | corn> wheat, skim milk and a confiée for seven or eight hours.
Sunday School—10.00 a. m Morning Prayer Withdrawn Evening Prayer

V.V

Mrs. Lawrence Orr Honoured

7.30
Holy Trinity
a

%
Holy Communion 11.00 a m
St. Lukes
FOR SALE—Freshly burned lime. ~Xp
Phone
to Roiiekt Carswell Bryson Campbell's Bay 41—14
Evening Prayer Rev. A. N. MacTier in charge
2.00
BEE SUPPLIES—Persons requiring bee-keeping equipment oi repairs. Apply by letter to Box 145 Shawville
North Clarendon Parish Rev. K. C. Pulton, BA., L.Tji
Sunday September 28th North Onslow—
Morning Prayer — 10.30
Thorne Centre—
Evening Prayer Charteris—
Evening Prayer

FOR SALE—Five registered Ayrshire calves from fully accredited herd. Apply Jas. H Pkever. R R 2 Vinton

f
\N
>
Costing $1.80 a Year
Two formulas either of which reportedly would feed a person properly at a yearly cost of $1.80, may be offered to the United States government.
Dr. Robert S. Harris of Massa-
A
FOR SALE—1932 Cabrolet Chevrolet, 6 wheels, in good condition. Apply at the Bank of Montreal, Shawville.

s 'As ..v~




*3?
2.30
SB
For Sale


>
One hundred acre farm, known as the John O'Malley farm, in the township of Bristol. Clay loam, some bush. For further particulars apply to
WESLEY YOUNG,
•	Onslow Corners
7.00

%

.
Don’t you wish we could shorten the war?"
Vitamin Adequate Meal Essential to Good Health
V
Posture Held Vital Factor

Public Notice
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Clarendon Is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this municipality that the collection roll of municipal taxes, as established by the Councillors of this municipality, has been made and completed, and that it now is, and will remain in my possession for inspection by the parties interested, during thirty days from this notice, but i such delay expired it shall come into force and every pe/son interested, after having taken cognizance thereof, if he so desires, shall pay the amount of his taxes to the undersigned, at his office, within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days without further notice.	I
Given at Shawville, Que, this 0th I
J. A. DEAN, Sec.-Tieasurer Township of Clarendon
He: “Well, in a way we can, you know.”
She: “But, George, we re not trained to do anything
He: “Training doesn’t matter for what I’m thinking about. I was wondering whether we couldrrt put more of our income into War Savings Certificates.”
She: “And why not? We might have to go without one or two pet luxuries—hut wouldn’t it he worth it to bring hack peace again?”
He: “And won’t we be glad of the money—and the interest it will have earned—in a world without war restrictions!”
nia
Human beings cannot make vitamins in the body so it is necessary to obtain them from outside sources —in our food. Since animals store some vitamins and plants manufacture them we can find them in all
.	„	. types of food.	However, it is essen-
centrale of all	necessary	vitamins I tial to know	how many units of
“And when .one settles	down	to an I except vitamin	C.	a vitamin are necessary for our
office job,	through	the	entire	day,	Dr. Harris said	the	preparations daily diet and	in what foods we may
certain muscles tend to lose their resembled corn flakes and were | them
IliiM! —
T'Z'kZT. I Love Course Turned Down	"^prolcT" S
The younger generation turned [ficiency disease.” woman student here spends approx- thumbs down on instruction in love imately $538.72, while her male making, mass or otherwise, in a sol-counterpart averages $521.64.
It revealed the average Kansas State university student spends $530.18 during the school year and that the total buying power of the 4,000 students is $2,066,309.
The greatest part of the $2,066,309 is amount spent for food, totaling $G20,184.6*5 per year. Candy, ice cream and chewing gum purchases amounted to $27,271.94, and $31,570.24 is spent for drinks.

• • •
r
The help of every Canadian is needed for lirtory. In these days of tear the thoughtless selfish spender is a traitor to our iear effort. A reduction in personal spending is now a vital necessity to relieve the pressâte for goods, to enable more and more labour and materials to be diverted to winning the war. The all-out effort, which Canada must make, demands this self-denial of each of us.

State Collegian shows the average
In order to preserve the vitamins in foods one must be careful incook-Vitamin A is destroyed when heated in the presence of air and, since it is fat-soluble, is also destroyed when fat becomes rancid. Vitamin B may be lost in the cooking water from canned vegetables.
Government Gave’ Away
Million Acres of Land
W. C. Mullendore, vice president of the United States Chamber of Commerce, and executive vice president of the Southern California Edison company, recently reviewed the “prodigal” land policy of the government in the early days, in which 786,000,000 acres were given away, in many instances “with a lack of wisdom and certainly a lack of economic and social planning.”
The great bulk of the land, however, was honestly disposed of, including 256,000,000 acres under the homestead, timber culture, desert lands and reclamation acts; 137,000,000 acres in railroad, wagon road and canal grants; 99,000,000 in educational grants and 294,000,000 acres in all other grants.
First organized effort to secure adequate recognition of forests to the national welfare was made by the American Forestry association, which was formed January 12, 1876, Mullendore said.
Since then it has been the lead-ng force in “an intelligent and consistent fight for constructive forest Dolicies.” The association’s efforts •esulted in forests being set aside as ublic reservations.
emn vote among the 40 student members studying to be actors and actresses at Walter Hartwig’s Manhattan Theater colony in Ogunquit, Maine.
mg
1
SPEND l ESS -TO BUS MO Ri
The vote stood 35 to 5 on the first ballot, a clean majority, if not unanimous. The ardent but defeated five were reported to have bowed gracefully to the new order of
Combating Disease Germs
A mold of extraordinary germ-kill-things and the superior weight of I jng power has been revealed by Dr. numbers.	Edwin C. White of the Brady insti- i
The question of love making came lute, a Johns Hopkins university sci-up academically during a rehearsal I enlist. He claims discovery of a refer an apprentice theater group's I markable mold, a tiny plant organ-production. John Kirkpatrick, vet- ism, that will be used in science’s efan director and playwright, ex- | war against disease germs. Accord-pressed satisfaction with the prog* ing to the scientist, it is the “fil-ress of a love passage. A student, Urates,” the fluid solutions produced age 18, of Latin extraction, respect- | by the mold’s cells, that have the fully disagreed

*
j

Remember Shelter Belt?
Six years have passed since plans were undertaken for a great shelter belt of trees which would redeem miles of dust bowl from encroachment desert.
The idea seemed too visionary at the time—it was said trees wouldn't grow, but despite the skepticism of farmers, the trees have redeemed every promise made for them.
In South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas, trees are growing and thriving South Dakota 32,000.000 trees are growing and thriving on 4.229 farms. About 70 per cent of the trees in this area survived. The trees have changed the very climate of these deserts and turned them into Edens.

NOTICE
Public Notice
I hereby give noticed that all parties trespassing or cutting wood on Lot 19, Range ft, and Lot 10, Range 7, of the I hereby give notice that hunting or Township of Bristol, will be prosecuted.
Mrs. Wm A. Rush, .Shawville, Que.
property of killing and checking disease germs of both the major varieties “gram-positive” and “granvneg-ative.” Molds of thousands of kinds are known to biologists. They are plants devoid of chlorophyll, the green coloring matter of the leaves. Some moulds are harmful and others are useful to man. According to Dr. White, the newly found mold's ceils will not be used. All that is useful is the fluid produced by the :ells.

Kirkpatrick invited an open forum on the subject, offering his professional services to any who felt they needed it but suggesting that in his experience it was one of those things that couldn’t be taught. Love, he felt, like Topsy, just g rowed.
Discussion followed. A vote was taken. Result:	The students this
year will search their own hearts for instruction in the delicate though Li^jftpd’v important, art.
trespassing in any manner will not be permitted on the billowing property Lots 2 and 3 on the 10th Range
Lot
>
Tenders Wanted
Tenders will be received by the undersigned before January 1st, 1942, for cutting and packing 2,000 blocks of ice at Norway Bay. 7 necessarily ace ‘pted.
Groboe Hermans, Bruto1, Que-
Jk
2 on the 11th Range of the Township of Clarendon. Parties found doing so will be prosecuted.
In eastern

I/iWest or any tender not
EDWARD TUP.MAN, Bristol Ridge, Que


i

».

i

