###PAGE###1###
iVz.OO tPoertba.nnUn7te,dSA^eR,rC6
THURSDAY, JUNE 26th,	1941
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.
No. 1, 59th Year
V
f
COWLING BUSINESS COLLEGE
Mr«. R. A’ex Hodgias Bereaved
Attend the Parish Supper and, play, “Lena Rivera' by the (liiildHct'St Paul's Uhuich, at the| » V i Theatre, Thursday evening, 20th
PERSONAL MENTION
-F
, Mrs. R. Alex Hodgins was cal le I
ss&YÆ? « i «35
her 871h year.

#

j

».
Zion Women's Association pur* |nel Hodgins. pose holding a lawn social on the »*%4uirch grounds on Thursday
‘issilissi^e..............................................
meeting.	.	.	.
The minutes of the last meeting
monTto the Ca 11?“ Seif Déniai I JAMES A. MILLAR
ci,ildrenlpe%'ThAZk%dVith !	%% out for guilts ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, ....
relatives at Cardinal, Out.	for refugee work. Mrs. Murray 129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
, .. . . . i Miss Margaret Caldwell, of No- reported on the work that was	, , „ . „ .
Dr. F. W. Martin, dentist, late rauda, is spending a vacation with beï„g done on the border. Miss A. Moyle . Hotel, Cartel!, .y of Moose Jaw, arrived in town | jier parents, Mr. and Mrs. Janies Campbell gave the report on the • every Wednesday morning,
about twenty five years ago. | Douglas.	I were vea,j fr0m the following year.
M rt. Sales
Corner Bank and Somerset Streest
Ottawa, Ontario
Thi old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario Attend a schoo with an established reputation. Open all year.
i
Mr. Cyril PowIcn, of Montreal, is a guest of his uncle, Dr. Powles,
f#
Elmside Women’s Institute
i
m
HSm
l
r
H. W. BRAITHWAlTt Principal
cents.
The June li'eeting of the Wo-1 Mies Lucy Dahms left Inst week men's Missionary Society will be visit her brother and sister at held on Thursday evening in th* Imperial, Saskatchewan.
Sunday School room of the church	hAhHëÉH
All ladies are invited.
FORFLOORS
President
EARTH
**mÊrNight
Dental Office Opened

*
è
WATERPROOF r»d DURABLE
mk
HARLAND C. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC

St. Paul’s Church Begins
Centenary Celebrations	..	.	.
¦aa* -
which me continuing tlirougnom Toront;o after spending the last :	iv pians were then made
this week, opened with n célébra- three months with her inotlier, L-0|. picnic to ba held on the 21 tion of the Holy Communion nl >|r8.1. s. Shore, in town.	co-operating with the pupils and
ilPil mm*- esss#
Swn fc'ffiiSSiï? wSK* » SS" ...................
unable to be accommodated in the Church received the set vice by means of loud speakers.
Others taking pait in the set* vice, beside the Bishop and the Hector, were the Rev. Canon Coffin, a former Rector ot the parish and the Rev. K. C. Holton, of Charter)s who also presented several of the candidates tor Con
fir illation.	.
Members of the United Church,
who«e service was withdrawn as „ mark of good will, were welcomed t. It he evening service by the Hidiop and the Rector.
Graduate of McGill University
;SH AW VILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgina Building Main Street, Showville Que.
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
4 [state C. J. Caldwell f .
h
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate Barrister,I Solicitor,3 te.
Office : Campbell's Bay*, Que. (In Lawn Block)
DONAT Le GUERRIER
V-
###,###
Diaper and Mrs. Edgar Hodgins y()|ton declared that ft Chiistian «
are attending the Women s Insti- rtttjtll.je C(> the war could be summ-
tutes Convention at Macdonald e(j u by the words, “ My blood
College, this week.	. belongs to my country, my mind
__	_ ,«	, belongs to my self, and my souls
Miss Hazel Giff, R.N., of ^ie belongs to God.” With this as a
nursing staff of Pontiac Commun- .	• uf pte, one can hate wAr and
ity Hospital, is spending a yaca- the evi,9 0f whiclrU is guilty, at
tion at the home of her patents, at tJie game time tb it lie is called
Smiths Falls, Out.	upon to do his pan to prevent ag-
fai cession by power maddened die-
Mr. nnd Mrs. Walter Findlay tUor< Rev. R. K. Naylor of the
and daughter, Miss Marie, ot ; Diocesan College in Montieal ga e
Fitzroy Harbour, were week end I Hn address on the three nv.ws ot
visitors at the home of Mrs. h ind-1 Christianity, Nazism, Fa*cHin and
lay’s brother, Mr. Geo Prendeigast. ‘ Communism. He *aul that an
Ml,a Amelia Smart, who has !‘vereJojioUed
igSBSI üsisè=i@SiE2!
to figures released on Monday a Strawberry Social will be held meeting, which continued all oay night by the headquarters at on the lawn of Mr. and Mrs. S \V. Tuesday, were Right Key. A.
Campbell’s Bay. 1 he °bjective ^cKechnie on Friday, June 27^. Carlisle, D I). B^hop ot Montreal, for the County was $	; and ^der the auspices of the :uau Rev. Rural Dean J ^ L. Joy^*e»
the amount reported at t 00 P. *n. Women’s Association. Admission, Buckingham ; Rev. W. Taylor,
Monday was $ 31 *,000 including 25 and 15 cents.	Aylmer ; Rev. L Nesbitt, Quyon ;
¦»pi
esNsise
|	•«» M.,j.ri, TO,.. Honoured | gg&'tL'lE;
1WBB
,@as@e?Mr=s=
mention might be made of h spe-	-* *	challenge that all Christiana
rial by the Township Council ot	Corners Anniversary	should dedicate tlieii lives to the
• K'ltr-t.odid'.I, ; Service o.d S.»„,	.*br«i»u. ..Ill i
Stnrk. Corner, c-kl.r^rdMiel' ÿüî-V" '.Vil'l't..' ',! 'rtiï t.-iet*,»>' >’.* t T. Belli'.
Fadew and John Howard handling | Anniversary with a /.1<)NXPt x rally on Wednesday night in the R0g. Optometrist
IfSIpi üüs wmm
ed with.	_ /•	,
On Sunday	and even
jShnsthn of Soutl /a former Shaw id President thi nitreal Conferenc pi tricher. A lnig«
especially in th
ted the minister; an strong and ehalleng H*v. A. F. Ft » k e
B. A. ! L.L.B,.
Young Men’s
Suits
Notary Public#
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
' ÊQ
Branch at Quyon ; will cal 1 anv Monday on request Matters dealt with by correspondence
M
Snappy double breasted models in the new blue and brown
All with two pants
Sizes—32, 33, 34. 35, 30, 37
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, -2219


-
shades.
96 MAIN STREET _ HUliL, QUBtiBU
At Proud foot Hotel, Jaiupbe. Lay every Tuesday, fa-t Nood.
At Pontitt-House, Sbawville every Tuesday Evening.
X?

TV

*\
# ' .
Special price
$19.
The Victory Loan Goes Over The Top

yV&i
50

Û. J. CAMPBELL

Veterinary Surgeon

a s

SHAWVILLE
Phone 81

Small Boys’
Suits
t Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE. PUVTEAU 638 8

>>
double breasted suit-new
Dress up your boy with a nice
blues, greens and greys, etc. kAll have two pairs
pair breecheslcne'pair ehoits.
m
1
DH. WALLACE J.W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St.Catherine Street.West MONTREAL, QUE/j
tweeds in
of pants—one
See these at . ¦ $7 .o0
n

BELAIR1 257
À 2*
H K. NEILSON, M.D.
I
tooke shirts
eciali
Eye Ear, Nose Throat
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
180 METCALFE STREET
B
% :
-S
For those men who want something better in tine shirts, we have the famous
i
t
KiS?
ONT.
OTTAWA. -
PHONE, 2-7961
H

TOOKE SHIRTS

See what we are showing in new 1 stripes, etc, and, ol course, white.

<V

OTTAWA, ONTARIO
1
:
$2.oo
J
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
on allvisualand muscular edfefeci
Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist
¦
S'*
x: :
< »

Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
Oe metery Donations
if the Fund,
.... $ 22 000
.... m ooo
Chapeau
Fort Cuulonge —
Campbell’* Bay ..
Shaw ville
Quyon
KE PRESEN TI X 0. COM PANICS
Strong
Experienced
1)<»pdiida'ble Through
(. r v 11 vi
# #
ing Kev XV. H, Mountain, Ont ville pastor year of the win the gue
Dr. D. J. Campbell, treasurer Village Cemetery Improvement u knowledges with thunks the fo
..	73 000
.. 1U 000
10 ooo

.
1
lonati
• #
THE W.A. HCDCINS STORE
Total......	$317 000
* Every pait of tho Shaw ville di** ; trict dhl well. The district com-, prises the village and he ton n | ship* ol (’Invention, Diorne uvl
it
f Vi
It. A. Hudgins......
\f re. Charlotte Conley Mrs. 0 Mrs

1 00
111
e v
IIIIg K «
eifloyed !y ing melt th turn oi
• •
!!
1 (
F. Horner.....
Quebec
Shawville
• • • •
j . v-i-i i a t Sont li M mu 2?uuday.
!
SH1WVIILE * ODE.
J nines Ï*. Carson
t-d Tack
:

i
2 00
i M>
Lh
• •
# «
Bristol.
%

i

###PAGE###2###

“At 85, life is made up largely
of yesterdays, the tomorrows bo* uncertain and limited.”
__Henry Morgenthau, Sr,
small things like tomato plants or ' alters, and perhaps up to a couple of handfuls for shrubs and trees.
Care should be taken in the use of any chemical fertilizer that it does not actually touch roots or foliage. In the dry state it is liable to burn. Experts usually play safe and dissolve the fertilizer in water before applying.
milk, to email amounts, beating after each addition. Add vanilla. Bake in three greased 9-inch layer pans In moderate oven (350 degrees F.)	30 minutes,
with Peppermint Frosting, cold but soft, sprinkle border of chocolate flakes around top. For flakes, scrape unsweetened chocolate with sharp knife, scraping down.
Cake-Baking Can Be So Easy...
If You Go About It The Right Way
ing
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
Spread
When
by KATHERINE BAKER
«By a study of the universality and variety of culture, anthropology may help us to shape the
of mankind.”
—Franz Boas.
future course

LESSON XU
FIRST JERUSALEM CONFERENCE ON WORLD MISSIONS Act. 15:1-35; Gal. 2
PRINTED TEXT, Act. 15:6-21 GOLDEN TEXT.—But we believe that we through « the grace of the Loçd
they.



Peppermint Frosting
Two egg whites, unbeaten; 1% cups sugar; 5 tablespoons water; 1% teaspoons light corn syrup; 1 teaspoon vanii Combine eg, water and corn syrup in top of double boiler, beating with rotary beater until thoroughly mix-Place over rapidly boiling water, beat constantly with rotary egg beater, and cook 7 minutes, or until frosting will stand in peaks.
water; add vanilla, cate shell-pink by adding a very small amount of red colouring, and flavour to taste with oil of peppermint (only a few drops necessary). Beat until enough to spread.
Î This Curious World
By William Ferguson


* J
¦
shall be saved
¦
»

whites, sugar,

Jesus, in like
Acts 15:11. I I 11 I
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
manner es
y
c
egg
The council of Jerusalem took place in A.D. 50. Epistle to the Galatians was written about A.D. 57.
Place.—Our lesson opens with discussion occurring in the Church at Antioch, far north in Syria. The great Chureh Council referred to here was held in Jerusalem. Paul’s rebuke to Peter took place
at Antioch.
Galatians was written from Corinth, to the Christian churches in the Roman Province of Galatia.
. Crisis in the Early Church
This is one of the most important chapters in ecclesiastical history. This chapter is the Magna Charta of the Christian Church. If we could fully master its reasoning and fearlessly reduce it to practice, we should give the Church of Christ a new standing place in the mind and heart of
Just at this moment
Time.

»
ed.
TO BE THE H/GH-
The
%
EST f=>0/NT /N
B*
boiling Color a deli-
Remove from




MOUNT
rainier.
Sfif

are
The Epistle to the
thick
Is Right. Don’t guess about it.
If your stove doesn’t have an oven regulator, use a portable thermometer, when the baking temperature
is right!
8. Cool Cake Properly.
all cakes carefully after bak-Cool butter cakes in pan
Do you wonder how you can be sure that every time you open
door a perfect dream
height of
0°tv
» ax>

your oven of a cake will come out? A delicate, moist tender cake with a crust that’s a golden brown and daintily crisp? and beautifully light and lovely to look at, even before it is frost-A cake with such delicate tempting flavour and appeal that familv and friends will “ah” till the last
It telle you
VET IT IS ONLY /=0/QTY A1/LES FROM THE 770ÆT- IA// 70572 OF
f=>UGET SOtJA/O.
Gardening
• I I
Handle
A take so high,
(No. 16)
TRANSPLANTING
mg.
for about 5 minutes, sponge cake cool in pan.
• Quick! Tie on your apron; let’s make a perfect one together! Every one of these grand new recipes has been carefully tested and re-
Every one is a beauty and a perfect snap to make—if you just go about it right!
Chocolate Peppermint Cake
Two cups sifted cake flour; 1 tcaspon soda; Vz teaspoon salt; i3 cup butter or other shortening; 1% cups sugar; 1 egg, unbeaten; 3 squares unsweetened chocolate, melted; Vz cup thick sour cream; % cup sweet milk; 1 teaspoon vanilla.
Sift flour once, measure, add soda and salt, and sift three times. Cream butter thoroughly, add sugar gradually, and cream well. Beat in egg. then chocolate. Add about % cup of flour and beat well; then sour cream, maining flour, alternately with
COPR. 1938 BY NCA SERVICE, INC.

Let
ed.
Success with transplanting can he assured by watering thoroughly after plant, shrub or tree is moved. Of next importance will be stimulant.
Moving a plant is something like operation for a human being, and the larger the specimen the
the attention.
With shrubbery and trees often main roots arc cut and the shock
Half a pail of water
'—*\
/C"B£»T MAN"
your
“o-o-o-h” and crumb is gone?
It isn’t a matter of luck or long
It’s easy, I promise—
CUSTOM, AT WEDDINGS.
originated in cave:
MAN DAVS/
1
rz
our age. the Church needed a kind of man it had not yet fully known. From this point, Paul becomes the man God meant him to be when He elected him a chosen vessel unto the Gentiles, at this moment.
(ster without whose presence, the Church, humanly speaking, would not have been complete. The events in the chapter occurred shortly after the close of Paul s first great missionary journey. Paul and Barnabas with others had been laboring for some extended time in the great Christian Church at Antioch, far north in £yria, when there came into their ids t some Jewish men from
undoubtedly Chris-
7
tested.
experience.
if you just go about it right!
So, next time you tackle a mixing bowl and spoon, here are a few simple new ideas—the latest step-by-step methods to sure baking
I’ve learned from real
£3ROOMS CARRIED
an
OFF THEIR BRIDES
more necessary
BV FORCE, AMD A
FAITHFUL. FRIEND USUALLY HELPED
Paul made history He was a min-
is severe, after setting out is not too much for such big things, and the wat-should be repeated two or
IN THE! ESCAPE BY
success
baking experts:
1.	Plan Your Baking before you start. Choose your recipe. Read it carefully and understand it clearly, step-by-step. Then set out all the ingredients named and all the utensils needed.
2.	Use Good Tools. Good tools make any job easier. Use good tools for baking and you’ll measure more accurately and quickly.
3.	Use Good Ingredients. Use • quality eggs,
shortening, lated sugar, unless the recipe calls for some other kind. Remember that the kind of baking you get depends on the kind of flour, baking powder and other ingredients you use.
4.	Measure Accurately, recipe measurements are level. Make yours level! Use standard measuring cups and spoons to be sure of the exact amounts.
5.	Mix Carefully. Follow exactly the mixing directions in each recipe. The way you combine and handle ingredients must be right for best re. suits.
6.	Use Pans Called For. sure your pans are the type and size specified. Prepare pans before mixing.
7.	Make Sure Oven Temperature

WARDING OFF ATTACKS BY THE GIRL'S KINSMEN.
A
%
%
%
ering
three times a week, if a quick start is wanted.
«
^2
MOUNT RAINIER, according to geologists, once towered to an altitude of 16,000 feet, judging by the steep inclination of lava layers on its sides. Then a great explosion, or a succession of explosions, carried off the top of the cone, and reduced it to Ik
present level.
NEXT: To A hat family do avocado pears belong?
Liberal Watering
With ordinary annuals and perennials liberal watering is also advisable and shelter from hot sun for the first few days. Some pickup in the way of quickly available commercial fertilizer will help at this time, merely a
fe
Add re-
. eru salem, iians, who began to declare that except new converts should be tircumcised, after the manner of Moses, they positively could not think themselves to be saved, and in fact were not saved, wrong decision in this matter had been given, it would have stifled xnd bound the newborn Church.
pinch for
fresh, sweet Use fine, gvanu-
. NOTED WOMAN
ü RADIO REPORTER
If a
26	Veteran.
27	Each (abbr.).
29	Health resort
30	To drink slowly.
31	Rubber tree.
33	To be indebted.
34	Portuguese coin.
35	Sea eagle.
39	Boat.
40	Huge.
42 To evade.
44	Hence.
45	Balsam.
46	Word in a
8
to Previous Puzzle
Ac
HORIZONTAL
1,5,9 Religious leader.
13 Flyer.
15 Tasting better.
17	Pale brown.
18	To have.
20	Land measure.
21	Inclination.
22	Ocean.
23	Small calorie.
25 To supervise.
28 To avouch.
82 Worshiper.
36 Timber tree.
37POrm of "be.”
. 38 Back of necks. 61 She believed 10 Dismal.
or illness 11 Wild animal.
12 Year (abbr.) 48 Wrestler's 14 Type of English architecture.
3 Oav»ntal food. 16 Satiated.
19 Existed.
By DAVE ROBBINS
Li
L
I
Fibber and Molly are the
Day.
parents of Katherine Jordan, 20, and James Jr. 16.
The Council Deliberates
Acts 15:6. “And the apostles and the elders were gathered together to consider of this matter.
And when there had been much questioning, Peter rose up,
----- and said unto them, Brethren, ye
know that a good while ago God made choice among you, that by my mouth the Gentiles should hear the word of the gospel, and be-8. And God, who knoweth
FAIR EXCHANGE
“Amos ’n Andy”
Most
(you hear 'em nightly at 7 on CFRB) were busy writing their script in their Beverly Hills office the other day, when Andy noticed that his partner’s eyes kept wandering to a classy pair of brown-and-white shoes which he (Andy) had just purchased. Andy watched him for a minute and then asked, “Like
Amos nodded.
E
£
¦
V
c
!
AiT
As a tribute to his faithful *• whom he’s never met, quarreled with (and, best
go gets his
L
7.
NET
sponsor never i
of all, who neveweekly cheque) Goodman Ace, author and Co-star of tV* NBC-Blue	Network’s	popular
Aces”	serial has	named his	see-
side hide away 4 * It * s the least we can do,” says Ace, referring to the makers of Anacin tablets who have sponsored	the series	for over	seven

T
ME
I
i
L
EHMIAAE
pfuûMlArf
«V
.*%y
Where-
Andy removed the shoes and
“You take “They’re too tight
the heart, bare them witness, giving them the Holy Spirit, even as he did unto us; 9. And he made distinction between us and them, cleansing their hearts by
faith.” gWix,	*	'
Peter here asserts the worthlessness of circumcision, just as etrongly as Paul could have dona. It is not circumcision, but the of Jesus, the Christ that
’em?”
“Head Acres.”
upon
handed them over.
’em,” he said, for me.” Amos finally took them the understanding that he turn of his favourite hair
Make
prayer.
40	full of veins.
41	Pronoun.
43 Ite-j.
47 Displays.
51	Heraldic term. 2 To affirm.
52	Floor block.
53	To leer.
54	Crane spar.
58 Fondles.
60 She was the
was mental.
VERTICAL 1 Mother.
)
throw. 49 Olive shrub.
no
on

years.
A few words to you gals who would like to sing with a “name” orchestra; they’re Jimmy Dorsey, talent, a fair share of looks (you don’t hafta be beautiful) and you’re most likely to succeed if you’re the kind of gal that’s popular with other gals. Pleasing the
men	,
pleasing the other gals that makes
it tough. Finally, you need a
lucky “break.”
50 Muustens.
53 Preposition.
55	Mea^rMk ~ area.
56	Idant.
67 Musical
sacrifice life 59 Southeast for a belief.
over some tonic to Andy in exchange.
the Gentiles, upon whom my name is called,
18. Smith the Lord, who mak-eth these things known from of old.”
4	Sea tale.
5	Exclamation. 21 She
6	Ascend Vi.
7He#r=#
vessels. \
5 Sun godf'
9 Td engrave.
o
John Dudley, the young Australian lyric tenor, who made his
in Mel-
follo wers Wu
direct from You need: Real
heal
-V# Those who
of
debut a few years ago bourne, followed this up with a command performance in 1937 at Garden, and joined the
grace	.
saves. Peter assumes no primacy; the Church has a difficult task before it; he has had some experience and gives it; he will not shirk the responsibility of decision	flHHHHHHI
telling, as it always must tell. 10. “Now therefore why make ye trial of God, that ye should put a yoke the neck of the disciples
Christian
Science.
James’ Judgment
19. “Wherefore my judgment is, that we trouble not them that from among the Gentiles turn to God;
(abbr.).
Covent
Metropolitan Opera Company last July, will be guest soloist at the “Prom” concert Thursday, June 19. The program will be broadcast between 10 and 11 P-m* EDST over the National network of the CBC, with Reginald Stewart conducting.
7
6
10
4
3
li
12
l
listeners isn’t so hard; it’s
16
moral personal influence
15
14
I
But that we write unto them, that they abstain from the pollutions of idols, and from fornication, and from what is strangled, and from blood.
For Moses from generations of old hath in every city them that preach him, being read in the synagogues every sabbath.”
James alone was able to carry the Hebraic majority with him. But because of that majority the decision had to be in the form of
The Gentile con-
20.
18 19
20
17
o
22
23
24
21
Upon
which neither our fathers nor we able to bear?” Those who
Trivia: There’ll be no aluminum parts in 1942 U.S. radio sets on account of the Government wants the metal for defense work . . . Charlie McCarthy will “walk” in his next movie which will, incidentally, be with Fibber McGee & Molly ... Jan Garber is networking out of Chi with a new band; we like it . . Shep Fields’ new band is made up of saxa-phones and a rhythm section . . .
“Way back when knighthood was in flower,
No radio played with too much power.
You, too, can be a gallant knight, Just keep that volume soft and light.”
21.
25 26
27
o
were
would act as the Pharisaic party would recommend, would be distrusting God’s knowledge of the hearts of men, and refusing to be guided by what His spirit had made known in the conversion of Cornelius.
11.	“But we believe that we shall be saved through the grace of the Lord Jesus, in like manner as they.” mÊÊÊttÊÊÊÊ Peter had declared long ago, ‘through faith in His name hath His name made this man strong,’ . . . 'and in none other name is there salvation’; he now repeats it as a matter of personal experience just as St. Paul testifies in Gal. 2:15-6.
Paul and Barnabas Speak
12.	“And all the multitude kept silence; and they hearkened unto Barnabas and Paul rehearsing what signs and wonders God had wrought among
them.”
13.	And after they had held their peace, James answered, say, ing, Brethren, hearken unto me:
14.	Symeon hath rehearsed how first God visited the Gentiles,
take out of them a people for fie name.
15.	And to this agree the words of the prophets; as it is written,
16.	After these things I will return, And I will build again the tabernacle of David, which is fallen; And 1 will build again the ruin* thereof, And 1 will set it up:
17.	That the residue of men giay seek after the Lord, And all
NOTES AND NEWS
Ransom Sherman, comic em-of NBC’s afternoon “Club Matinee,” will become an evening master-of-ceremonies over WBEN,
when Fibber McGee goes on vacation starting July 1.
Sherman will pilot a Summer
that will be
31
33
32
34
28 29
35
cee
7
36
V
39
40
38
t
a compromise, verts were not to be disquieted by the requirement of circumcision. But to smooth matters over with their Jewish brethren, they should be charged to abstain from certain Gentile practices which were the chief causes of offense to the Such a concession out of
X
41
42
replacement series heard in Fibber’s regular spot— Tuesday evenings at 9.30 o'clock. Announcer Harlow Wilcox and Maestro Billy Mills will remain for the Summer programs.
Fibber, in private life Jamei Jordan, was honored as “Radio’s typical father” last week by the committee arranging Father’s
45 44
45
46
48 49 50
This doctrine St.
52
51

55	56 57 ¦58
54
S3
Jews.
charity on the Gentiles’ part was entirely in accord with the principles of St. Paul himself.
0
61
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Welcome on the Mat
-YER WIFE'S WAITING FOR a YOU IN THE- MALL ! mg
4*

T SHOULD GO IN THAT W&Y IP I WERE YOU
the Gentiles
11
MA


A*
'.V,




6
-
WfSÊÊb


\
m
• •

. >V l
v-::
....i
n,;
0



m
i


a
m
'S*
r
1
m
*


a
pul
ft1
I
m


4
9
mm
f
i
i



mm



6-7

mm

\ by The Hmi By

4 »
«a
. » «
r

1@li


CIS

m

an

§ ti BE! 3
“li
B If
@®
É




4

ll

4 i

i *

Qüûüi
###PAGE###3###
Sow Millet Now For Hay, Pasture
!»
HOW ALLIES MOVED INTO SYRIA
turkey
l*

. HAVE ' YOU HEARD?
TASTE-FLAVOUR-
FRESHNESS-ECONOMY
DIXIE PLUG HAS EVERYTHING
SCALE

Will Provide Roughage In Counties Where Hay Crop Likely To Be Short
O 100
[* • Aleppo
SYRIA
• Todmui
i


African tribe of habit of stretch-
The savage
Ubangis have a . ing the lips of their women around
circular wooden disks until finally they become six or seven inches in size, sticking right out of their faces like two plates. You’ve seen
With the hay crop likely to be short in many counties due to continued dry weather, farmers might be well advised to consider the merits of Millet as either hay or
the Ont. Dept, of
2%
i6e!rutJbfy*
1 *
Mediterranean Sea<
«Damascus
their pictures in travel magazines.
The story goeskAme rounds that two Ubangi girls met one very hot day in the jungle. One of them stuck her face up close to the other and rapidly repeated:
“Peter Piper picked a peck or pickled peppers! Now you fan me for awhile!”
pasture, says
Agriculture.
Millet should be sown during
the first half of June on well-prepared soil at the rate of 20 to 30 pounds of seed per acre, depending on variety and size of Some of the varieties
Empire,
m
Haifa
*

rJT
jj Ammon.,
-c	iy-[TRANSf	IRAQ
êanol 1 'ÛL / JORDAN^-
mm
£
Alexandri
PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO
<0


a
v
E
s
seed
Cairo
/
Siberian,
‘Winking Bass" Wins Contest
are
grown
Hungarian and Common.
The crop can be pastured when foot high or cut for hay when
it comes into head eties will be ready for hay in about eight weeks from time of
seeding.
Not High In Feeding Value
Millets are not particularly high in feeding value, but they will produce a large amount of roughage which can be used to advantage in conjunction with alfalfa or other legumes.
Marrowstem kale makes good
It is not readily in-
4
V
Prevents Rot
This new product, which is being manufactured by the Osmose Wood Preserving Co. of Canada, Ltd., in Montreal, shows every evidence of becoming very popular among users of paint. It has many features — can easily be mixed with any paint, varnish or oil, and is packaged in ‘handy sizes,’ scientifically measured for pints, quarts and gallons. It is designed to preveirt rot, repel insects, termites, and ants, and keep wood and paint in sound condition. The principal constituent is sodium fluoride, a proven wood preservative, which is common to the products for industrial use, manufactured by the same company for many years, with great
success.
Its action is very simple and logical. Oil in the paint is used as a spreader only, the fine particles of “Pentox” are evenly distributed over the painted surface. As soon as these particles come in contâfffc with the moisture in the wood, they become active, dissolve in the moisture and diffuse into the wood, thus rendering the wood under the paint immune to the attack of decay and insects.
Airman: “Is that your new girl?”
Sailor: “No painted over.’

one
Just the old
Some vail-
one
Least, This Fish Story, Told by Montrealer Was Enough to Wfn Trip to Bahama#
At
advertise?” •* ! of a who owned
»
“Why won’t you
asked the representative newspaper of a man	.
a small business in a provincial
Booster For Canada Chick Johnson’s Role
| How Can I?
•	BY ANNE ASHLEY
Charles Hall, of Montreal, wag announced by the Quebec AirglorT Association as winner of the association’s “fish story” contest from 6,000 entrants with his yarn
town
“It doesn’t leave a man any
“I adver-
and the
I was kept so
a I Chick Johnson, stage and screen I I comedian, rejoicing at the success of a three weeks hunting trip in Mount Robson big game territory, returned over Canadian National Railways with two bear trophies,
eight foot Grizzly, the i. He also stopped off at Kamloops, B.C., and was fortunate with the trout. “Canada is the finest place in the world,” said Mr. Johnson, “and hereafter I’m going to be an unofficial publicity agent for Canada in Hollywood and New York.” With his partner, Olsen, Johnson will soon be engaged on a screen production of the farcical success
“Hellzapoppin.”
time,” was the reply, tised once last summer
i
Q. How can I stop hiccoughs? A. Try moistening some gran-
with vinegar and This often brings in-
consequence was busy I didn’t have time to go fishing the whole season.”
among
about the “winking bass.”.
Hall, who won a plane trip o Nassau, Balia mas, wrote that while fishing last season he dropped hit* pearl-handled knife into the water. Moments later he caught a female bass, put it on a stringer and hung it over the side of the boat.
fall pasture jured by frost and will furnish
pasture for cattle later than most
other crops, if the snow keeps
ulated sugar eating it. slant relief.
Q. How can 1 increase
hand without
Butler: “Your car is at the
door, sir.”
Guest: “I know knocking.”
one an other a Brown
off
the
This crop can be sown in drills 24 to 30 inches apart, using 1% to 2 pounds of seed per acre. Seed should be sown six to eight weeks before the crop is required for
Farmers are cautioned
1 hear Ü
quantity of soup weakening it by adding water.
A. Keep a box of bouillon
rubes on hand for this purpose. Add two cubes to two cups of water, to increase the quantity of without detracting from its
on
An official with a very annoy-
was making an in-
8 A WED STRING AWAY
1
ing manner
spection of an aerodrome.
On this particular afternoon parachute practice was being undertaken by a number of pilots, and the official asked question
after question of une man about	in 1 L
his experiences and sensations HandV llTOdUCt while falling through the air.	J	117 J
“But supposing your parachute PrCSCrVCS WOOCl fails to open while you are coming down?” he asked finally.
“What do you do then?”
The pilot had had more than enough by this time. “Take it back and change it,” he replied.
Suddenly, Hall's story goes, the water churned and he saw a large
sawing away at the
pasture
to exercise care in pasturing to
feed flavor in milk.
soup flavor.
Q. How can I remove kerosene
spots from cloth?
A. If kerosene has been spilled on cloth, scour the spot with turpentine, then with soap and warm water.
Q. How can I prevent the from going to the bottom
prevent a
male bass stringer with the small pearl-handled knife 1 had just lost overboard.” and as Hall reached into the water
for the stringer he felt
to grope
something nudged into his hand. H the knife—returned by the
was
bass
What Science Is Doing
As the fish disappeared,” Hall I saw him give me a wink
Users of
A serious rival for the now generally approved cattle feed, beet pulp, has been given extensive feeding trials in Florida. Processed citrus pulp, made mostly from grapefruit produced more milk per than beet pulp, although the
Popular Among Paint — Wood Preservative For Domestic Use Now Being
Pentox” New
raisins of my cake?
A. Roll the raisins in butter before stirring them into the bat-
says
of thanks. It was the first winking bass that I ever saw.”
Marketed
Product
1er
I restore the
Q.	How	can
brightness to a dull brass article?
A.	Soak	the article	for	about
» half-hour in a pint of boiling water, to which a little rock am-
After it
has been removed from this bath, polish with a chamois.
Q.	How	can I prevent	fried
food	from	absorbing	too	much
NASAL HEALTH BAROMETER
The nose is a sensitive indicator of body conditions and reacts by changing its acid or alkaline state, according to Dr. Noah D. Fabricant, of the University of Illinois College of Medicine, Chicago. The interior membranes of the nose in their normal, healthy condition are slightly acid. If they become alkaline this favors the growth of The acid-alkali condition
He: “I am told he has more than he knows what
Prices paid to Ontario farmers for turnips the past season have been better than for many years. The highest mark was 45 cents a bushel for the best lots. From one station in Wellington county a total of 260,000 bushels were shipped during the winter.
cow	„	_
latter put on a little more weight
than the former.
such as
Domestic consumers painters, contractors, householders, etc., have found satisfaction in a new product sold under the trade name of “Pentox. It fills a long-awaited demand for a ready-to-use wood preservative for everyday use with paint.
money to do with.”
She: "Ha* he really. Such must fce bliss.”
has been added
ignorance
"Democracy is nothing more than a lot of individuals co-operating for the common good.”
—Leon Henderson.
moma
Water 1$ Vital
In Cow’s Ration
i
fat?
According to dairy authorities, the most important part
A. By adding a teaspoonful of to the lard that is used
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
germs
is governed by the secretions produced by the membranes, and these change from minute to minute. When a person is suffering from a cold, sinusitis or nasal allergy, the secretions become alkaline, furthering the trouble. Rest and sleep overcome the alkaline condition and help restore the membranes to the add state. Dr. Fabricants discovery is contrary to a belief generally held that one should alkalinize the body to get rid of a cold.
water is
of the dairy cow’s ration since water represents at least seven-eighths of the material which goes into the milk pail. A shortage of water will cut down the milk supply more quickly than a shortage of any other part of the ration. Tests show that a cow will confirm three to four pounds
vinegar for frying
e ¦ •
• • •
MONEY-8 AVERS
BICYCLES, TIRES. RADIOS
AGENTS WANTED
ASK FOR OUR NEW BARGAIN Catalogue. Over 1,00(1 money-savers. Quality Mail Order House, Montreal.
Modern
Etiquette
FREE CATALOGUE MAILED. RE-oonditioned — new. Lowest prices —highest quality. Toronto Tire— Peerless, 193 Dundas West. Toronto.	______________
mfiitifi
ronto.	.	__
NOVELTIES
BAKERV EQUIPMENT
sume
of water to each pound of dry
matter eaten mal in the herd will drink around
12 gallons per day.
A plentful supply of water is of especial importance in weather. The two things which affect the quantity a cow drink are the temperature of the water and the number of times she drinks. No cow should or will drink as much ice water as she needs for heavy milk production, nor can she drink c
iSISfll
161 Yonge Street. To-
LATEST HITLER NOVELTY — Season’s biggest laugh hit. 10c postpaid. Box 441, Edmonton.
IN
BY ROBERTA LEE
BAKERS’ OVENS AND MACHIN-also rebuilt equipment al-hand. Terms arranged.
The average am-
ery
Correspondence Invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co.. 103 Bathurst St.. Toronto.	___________
OFFER TO INVENTORS
1.	If a woman is standing directly in a man's way, must he tip kif liât Then he asks her per-
mWon to pass? ^
2.	What are some meaningless
expressions of speech that should he avoided?
3.	Is it all right to ask for
to the price ^of
etc
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay, Co., Registered, Patent A11Qjrneyü, 273 Bank Street. Ottawa. Canada.
Broadley
ronto.
)
cold
o
CARS, NEW AND USED
MAKE “REAL MONEY”
business for your-
SflUPEftfe
n,edlF;awkkttmadPere$?25.00 U.t
no risk. Full or spare time exclusive territory. No capital or ex- R*
“INVISIBLE” COLORS
Current studies by scientists at McDonald Observatory in West Texas may throw some light on Qie little-known structure of the reaches oj the earth’s at-
can
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS LTD., Toronto’s oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers; three locations, Wz ML Pleasant Road, 2040 Yonge St., • 1650 Danforth Avenue. Our Used Cars make us many friends.
GET INTO

PAINTS
FACTORY TO POCKET— $1.39 AND up. per gallon Nationally known paints—Freight prepaid. Write for particulars. Armet Industries, Guelph. Ontario.__________________
les
quotations as rooms when making hotel reservations?
4. Is it permissible to shout comments at motorists who show a lack of consideration for others?
6. When the dessert is served at the table, should it be done by the host or the hostess?
6. When a bride has a sister of suitable age, docs she usually
maid of honor?
Answer*
1. Yes, as she steps aside he should thank her and tip his hat. 2. Such expressions as "Don’t you know,” "just wonderful,” and “if you know what I mean” will detract greatly from anyone’s speech
upper mo.<phere.
The studies being made are of shifting films of "invisible” . col-the night sky. McDonald astronomers, headed by €. T. El-
examining through spe-
EXHAUNT FANS
ugh at one
R HELMATIC SUFFERERS
EXHAUST FANS. NEW GENERAL
under wholesale. 29 Melinda.
time
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED—EVERY sufferer of Rheumatic Paine or Neuritis should try Dixon’s Remedy
Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid SLOP
Electrics, way Toronto Mercantile Toronto
ors in
335
Munro’s Drug Store
St. Paul Que._____
III#"".*
Éfonte®’
vey, are
cial equipment the variations in patterns of red, green and yellow films—shifting across the skies — but invisible to the naked eye.
FOIL SALE
WANTED
ILLUSTRATED WHOLESALE CATALOGUE FREE. Over 1000 fastest yelling, items. Penn.v-Up Merchan-o.. Balfour Bldg.. Montreal.
BABY CHICKS______________
MORE. WHY ACCEPT lees? There is a Tweddle thick at every price. From Tweddle a lowest price class to the highest, each will provide top performance in its own price class. In every Tweddle chick you get the essentials for livability, fast maturity. egg laying ability and meat quality. 16 purebreeds. 8 h> brid crosses and 4 breeds of tur keys to choose from. Free cat alogue. Tweddle Chick Hatcher its Limited, Fergus, Ont.
MIXED WOOLEN
WANTED	w
Rags. Write for prices. Flesher-ton Woolen Mills, Flesherton, Ont.
WHY PAY
dise
eerve as
LEGAL
fAADt
WATCH REPAIRS
CELLS KILL T.B. GERMS
Discovery of a new chapter in the natural defences of the human body against tuberculosis is reported by Dr. Morton C. Kahn of Cornell Medical College — New York Hospital Association.
This chapter explains what happens to T.B. germs engulfed by certain wandering white cells in the body which are a person’s principal known defence against tuberculosis.
Heretofore scientists sometimes had observed these cells lifeless and containing dead tuberculosis
germs.
It appears that the cells contain a chemical, probably an enzyme, which kills T.B. germs, and that the defensive cells can and sometimes do continue to live.
The importance of this discovery is
of these wandering cells fixes the ability of a person to recover from tuberculosis. It might be possible to strengthen the cells.
CAP-
ornas
J. N. LINDSAY, LAW OFFICE, ito 1 Theatre Building, SL Th Ontario. Special Department for farmers collections.________________
QUALITY $1 WATCH HOSPITAL — Send us your “sickest” watch remitting $1.00. It will reach y shortly in perfect condition. (Unless costly parts need replacing) Quality Mail Order. Montreal.
ou
LIGHTNING RODS
STOP WOOD ROT
BUY from
LIGHTNING RODS.
manufacturer. Save thirty to forty per cent. Phillips Company, 32 Osborne Avenue, Toronto. ____
WOMEN WANTED
3. Yes, and upon rc-them make your choice Hotels, as a rule, are
t
TURN YOUR TIME INTO DOLLARS by selling Familex Products to the people In your community. I3ê the only one in your territory to make money with our line of 200 snteed necessities. No experience needed. Begin with a few dollars and own your business. No risk. For catalogue and complete details: 670 St. Clement Street, Montreal.
AND STARTED
B"pxiîletsf Barred Rocks. White Leg
Approv ed8 hst ock88tW rite^to Co v ency’s Hatchery, Mitchell, Ont.
I iving known.
prompt to acknowledge applica tions. 4. No, even though,, they may be guilty of most stupid and discourteous driving. 5. hostess usually serves the dessert, though the host may do so if desired, leaving the hostess free to
Yes.
Utt "Prntox” wiib youf
1
MEDICAL
^ wood: It maket your paint go further »«d b»t longer *,| Highly effective. ** Pemox " prevents rot ind insevt attack undrr the paint — a common —J failure of ordinary paints.
unr
1
ABSORBO
Price 15.00
per bottle. J. A. Johnston Co., 171 King
LEAF TOBACCO_________
pounds Fragrant Virginia Leaf Cigarette Tobacco $2.50 postpaid. Natural Leaf Tobacco Co., Leamington, Ontario. ___________
<
CACKLESERRY POULTRY FARM, highest quality, production Barred Rock Chicks, from eggs laid on farm only. B^d-tested, un-sexed, Rc each. Established 18 years. ^Jordon Burns, Paris, Ont
nil wit*
âlt Ml»»
## eit
The
E. Toronto
Rot under the paint causes expensive eepairs.
Good painters always add * Pentox" to then
paint
SNAPSHOTS TO-DAY TREASURES TO MORROW
LOOK J NO AHEAD WE PREDICT good poultry markets. To catch these good markets there are Bray started pullets: immediate delivery. Specials now are Leghorns and a fine cross like B M X W L Also day-olds. Order chicks for summer delivery now. Bray Hatchery, 130 John North, Ham- 11 ton.
ORDER TODAY
the coffee. 6
SAVE MONEY
pour
Cafes «$1 251
Quarts (35c)
tints (25c)
Your films are carefully and scientifically processed by Imperial, to make sure they last.
Wonder of Teeth
g
t
PENTOX co
NOTICE
POWDER
OP L ES
6 or 8 EXPOSURE FILMS 25e
with beautiful enlargement free. 8 reprints with enlargement 26 c. Thousands of letters from satisfied
to our superior
In the teeth the body has a perfect cutting and grinding apparatus for dealing with the food. The front teeth, called incisors (which means cutters), cut the food into pieces as it is put into the mouth end the side teeth, or molars (which mean millstones), grind it up small. The teeth are really skin structures, corresponding closely with the nails and hairs in their mode of origin and develop-They originate from the
delicti» gif in la}'er yhichj inwards at the mouth, constitutes
FRUIT AND VEGETABLE GROWers. The Oakville Basket Co., Ltd., Oakville, Ontario can supply your crates and baskets prompt-
A n i

- •
li *1

that aparently the quality
OSMOSE WOOD PRESERVING CO
PULLETS and
K
BABY CHICKS
customers testify quality and service.	__
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
Dept. D, Station J. Toronto.
boxesp ly at reasonable prices
. * I
Layers and 10.000 breeding capac
fly. Chicks and gullets guaranteed 100'r Livability for 3 weeks. Sussex chicks and Barred rock cockerels. Month Old Bullets in Leghorns, Rocks, and Hybrids at 86c each. Our caponizing expert can canonize your cockerels. Lake-View Poultry. Farm, Wein Bros fcxetei. Ont____________________
k 4f
Ht AD
uv
MEDICAL
Ottawa. I‘ 'Stpald >1-00
When the Rev. Loyal M. Thompson, of Bloomington, III., performed his 777th marriage recently, tho bridegroom paid him $7.77 in 777 pennies.
Mr. Thompson, who has been in the preaching business for 26 years, said $7.77 is above the av-For instance: In a double in which two brothers
Nervous Restless îiiîs!
What Pencil Costs
FILMS DEVELOPED
To purchase a lead pencil the Canadian National Railways ncs a ton of freight one mile, while a scratch pad of good quality must be paid by five tons of freight carried one mile. These examples are quoted in an article Salvage" in the June Canadian National Magazine.
Cranky? Restless? Can t sleep? Tire easily? Annoyed by female functional disorders and monthly distress? Then tak.i Lydia E. Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound. famous for over 60 years in helping such rundown, weak, nervous conditions. Made especially for women. WELL WORTH TRYING I
AND PRINTED e ®r 8 EXPOSURES
ment.
car-
Eight 4x6 Enlargement»
25c
BEAUTIFUL ALBUM FREE With Every Roll AERO FILM FINISHER^
30c
the gums. The bulk of each tooth Is composed of dentine, much den-in texture than ivory, but the is coated with the still harder enamel, while at the root ii a cement
erage
ceremony	..
married two sisters he receive* 50 cents a couple.
developed and eaeh print reed to 4 s 6. 30c. Reprint»,
Your film
BOX 121
else, 8 for 30c
ser
DIRECT FILM SERVICE
183 King East,
ISSUE 25—’41
crown
on
Dept U Toronto
1
f
i



1
4 ¦
' MA



1

1
-t*. 1
>



###PAGE###4###
PAGE (S) ABIMEE (3)
t

»

c
Public Notice
before the present session, and on motion of Crs. Judd and McKechnie, Council adjourq* its deliberations.
Lawrence S. McNally,
Secretary-Treasurer.
made at that time, it has been decided to extend the privi ledge of contributing to the fund, to all sections of the Countv, a responsible organization has been formed which has the official re gnrtion of the Department of National War Services and is duly licensed to collect funds for the purpose of providing an amhu’ance. Any Municipality or group of citizens desiring to assist in raising funds for the object of this organization,%iay do so by simply apply ing to the organization for the necessary permit to so collect or raise money by public support An interesting discus-
to whether the County Municipality should nut permit this opportunity of doing something worthy of the County to pass, it is suggested that the County Council should su me lesponsibility foi providing the balance of the funds required to fully finance the purchase, at once.
V H McCann, of Qnyon, urges the Council to take the steps necessary to acquire the required money for to buy the ambulance outright and without delay, he is supported by Cr McKechnie who suggests that the fortunate position of the County financially, offers an opportunity to extend material assist a nee to the fighting forces where help in the form suggested, may be the means of saving the lives of soldiers actually from the County. 1 It is moved by Cr. McConnell, seconded Cr Daly, that this Municipal Corporation seek authority from the Department of Municipal Affairs, Quebec, to borrow an amount not to exceed fifteen hundred dollars, and if such permission is granted, the Warden and the secretary-treasurer arc herewith authorized to borrow from the Hank of Nova Scotia, Campbell’s Bay, the amount that will be found necessary at June 30th, to complete the required amount of $1750 00 which represents the cost of a militaty ambulance, and the Warden then have authority to sign a cheque in the amount then indicated, payable to the name of the “Pontiac War Effort Fund” G. A. McDougall, general treas-, Hank of Montreal, Shawville.—

THE EQUITY

Now is the time to buy
Province of Quebec
School Municipality of Clarendon
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given that ft meeting of all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of the amalgamated schools of Shaw ville and Clarendon, will be heir*, in Hynes’ Hall Monday, the 7th day of July 1941 at the hour of ten of the morning, for ; the purpose of nominating two school ; commissioners, in the room and stead of Messrs. Hurst Hodginsand H. I. Hobbs, whose term of office has expired.
Should tlrere be more than two names on the noie^tfdion papers at eleven o’clock a. m. an election will be held in the same hall the following Monday, July 14th, commencing at eight a m. and continuing to six p. m.
Given at Shawville this 23rd day of
June 1941.

Shawville, June 26th, 1941

vo
I
$1.25 per cwt
2.10 “
1.95 “
1.85 “ ,3.00 “
2.25 “
1.85 “
3.15 "1.25 per *£
Atlas Moulee..
Pig Starter....
Hog Grower ....
Hog Fattener.
Hog Concentrate 41 p. c. protein Range iftash, for chickens
Scratch Feect..........
Turkey Starter.........
Fly Spray, tin included .
County Council Minutes
t-
For Sale
I
<4

on
<
K
Minutes of a regular quarterly sion of the Council of the County o!
Pontiac, held at the u>ual place of its sittings, the Council Chamber ot the Town Hall in the Village of Camp.
c< uvened at ten o clock
a. m., on Wed need y, the 11th June-1941, with the following County Conn cillors in attendance :	M. Eugare,
Pleau, Mayor of the Village of Chapeau,
Warden ; M. Eugene Charron, Mayor of Aid field ; J. B. McConnell, Mayor of the United Townships of Alleyn and Cawood ; M. Dosithee Chart rand Mayor of Allumette Island ; Thos. McGuire, Mayor of Allumette Island East *
J. Nelson McLellan. Mayor of Bristol ;
Robert B. Carswell, Mayor of Bryson ;
E. C. Lawn, Mayor of Campbell s i>ay ;
James Poupore, Mayor of Chichester ;
William Barr, Mayor of CLrendon ; M.
Aide Bertrand, Mayor of United Townships Dorion and Church ; William Corrigan, Mayor of Fort Cou longe ; M.
Francois X. Rouleau, Mayor of Grand . Calumet ; M. Ferdinand Racine, Mayor of United Townships of Leslie, Clap-ham and Huddersfield ; James Peever,
.Mayor of Litchfield ; M. Euchere Mousseau, Mayor of the United Townships ,of Mansfield and Pontefract ; Andrew Daley, Mayor of the Township of Onslow North ; S. Wyman McKechnie,
Mayor of Onslow South ; P. H. McCann, Mayor of Quyon ; G. Goldwyn McDowell, Mayor of Shawville ; Simon Downey, Mayor of the United Townships of Sheen, Esher, Malakon and Aberdeen ; W. D. McCleary, Mayor m Thorne ; Andrew Judd, Mayor of the United Townships of Waltham and Bryson, forming a quorum of the
Council, the secretary treasurer being also present. The minutes of the urer regular, quarterly session of March 12th, Carried
past, are read and adopted, on motion Cr McDowell brings back for dis-of Cr Corrigan, seconded by Cr McCon- cussion, the matter of the National haine]]	°	vage Campaign, which] was before
The secretary submits all correspon- Council at the March session, be advises dence since the session of March last, that in order for a depot for salvage to among which is a copy of a resolution owenVe in any County, authority for adopted by the Municipal Council of sue hdepM to function must be secured the County of Wolfe, requesting the from the County Municipality, and lie Federa1 Government to consider grant- makes application for such an autli-ing exemption of at least one son of a ority on behalf of the Womens Insti-farmer who ordinarily helps his father tutes of Pontiac He moves, seconded in the operation ot the. farm, from by Cr. Peever, that the Municipal Cor-military service a communication from poration of the County of Pontiac here-“Le Comité de Colonization de Lac with grants permission to the Womens Cayamont” acknowledging advise of a Institutes of Pontiac County, to estab-
grant of fifty dollars to their Exposition, lish depots for the collection and disand requesting that the said grant be posai of salvage material for war lndus-increased is submitted, in support of tries, within the limits ot the County ot this request, the Mayor, M. Aide Bart- Pontiac—Carried, rand addresses the Council, he is sup- In connection with any other requests ported in bis appeal by Mr. Lawn, for alike permit from any other organ-M L. A , who advises the Council that ization in the CV.nty, Cr McKechnie the Fair Inaugurated last year at Lac moves that Messrs The Warden, Mayor Cayamont will now be annual affair and E. C. Lawn and the secretary treasurer can be considered as something more be herewith appointed a Committee of ambitious than a school fair and its this Council with authority to grant present state, it is of considerable value similar permission to other organizations *o the residents of the section it repre- in this County, who are responsible and jsents and with prospects of developing, enjoy the confidence of the community it is worthy of more consideration on in which they function, this motion is the part of this Council. It is moved seconded by Cr Mousseau and carried, by Cr Daly, seconded by Cr G. G. Mr. Lawn, M. LA., requests per-McDowell, tint the secretary-treasurer mission from the Warden to address be herewith authorized to increase the the Council concerning Tourist trade in
Lac Cayamont Fair, to the the County during this Summer, he
|	sketches the procedures to be adopted
by any local Municipality wishing to have advertising matter relative to their local tonrist attractions, inserted in the Quebec Official Guide, without any cost to the Municipality, or other public organization interested, in promoting tourist trbftic in this Cotnty, he also outlines briefly the public works which will be undertaken in the County this by different Provincial departments, chiefly by the Department of Roads and Colonization.
Cr Rouleau requests that Council discuss the resolution previously read from the County Council of Wolfe relative to exemption from military service of farmers sons, the matter is discussed by several Councillors and it is moved by Cr Carswell, seconded by Cr Downey, that the resolution adopted by the
ses-

Brick dwelling house in the Village of Shawville, property of the late Matthew Sinclair, in good condition, bathroom furnace, etc.
The Executors are authorized by the Will to sell by public auction or private sale and have decided to receive tenders in writing for a period of two weeks. Cash offers will receive the preference.
The highest or any offer not necessarily accepted.
Tenders may be left or mailed to the office of the undersigned.

r
a
# #

a

sion ensues as
bell’s Bay,
M

1
<0
as
L
.•

%
a
i
m *
%
M ayor
f Y

J. A. DEAN,
Sec.-Treasurer School Municipality of Clarendon
i
I
H. C. Rowatt, Notary,
Shawville, Que
)
I

We handle the best brands of
Flour,
J
Public Notice
\
Tenders Wanted
I
Re the Estate of the late Dame Claudia McRae, widow of the late James Wilson, late of the Village of Shawville, deceased
All persons having claims against the above estate and all persons owing monies to the above estate are requested to fyle their claims or make payment, as the case may be, within fifteen days from this date, with the undersigned.
G. F. Wan less, Smith Fall’s Ont.
R J. Tracy, Shawville, Que.
Executors

Tenders will be received by the undersigned secretary treasurer until Thursday, June 26, for the building of a two-roomed School in No. 1 School district of the Municipality of Bristol. Contractors to supply all material and workmanship. Lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.
s
Sugar
1
Y
Salt
I
»
I
S
I
f
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO. BEC’D
H. I. SMITH,
Secretary-Treasurer
Maryland, Que.
ft.
»
I
€
¦
\
>
L
<
>¦
*



>



¦ft



0






t
V
t -V









m

r


j

§


:•


&
&
n-
i













Ÿ
’

s





Û

v



*




o



X(i








V.





X




V
&>
1
1.
»



i

v
%
V
mm
. w
' * •






s » •

•*











V*
f SS8



V#

*
W:
/
•,-y ;
F
o>

"





J
7
i
w
>>>:
•>*
r





grant to
amount of $75 00 for the current year,
1941.—Carried.	f
A communication from the Salvation Army requesting consideration of a farmer appeal made to Council tor a grant
various endeavours, -both foi the men oiTfcctive wvice and for their efforts in social welfare work, the eecre tary is instructed to advise the Salvation that this Council bas voted an amount of $500.00 to the Canadian War Services Fund and it is understood that the Army will receive their pioportion
of this grant.	. ..	.
The secretary submits the bills ol
hand since the March
...

I •


* •

z


y.


/

c
AY

*

t
Zi



• %
4
«
m 4
*
•4
.5F
?
4

4
to

«
. <
/
4
j
> •:


Z
•îfc
v>.
*4
I


mn


y
Join Canada’s Active Army Now!
season
w

m
§

Yes, guns, tanks, armoured cars, mechanized equipment of every description await YOU to send them thundering down the road to victory.
This is the opportunity you have been wanting the chance to talk to the Hun in the only language he understands. So join up NOW for ACTION Overseas in old England, or wherever _ the enemy rears his head.
<
L

'4

accounts to . r ^ xe ,,	„
session and on motion ot 1rs McConnell
and McT.ellan, he i* authorized to pay the following accouius : — Provincial Blank Forma Re d for Valuation rolls,
$182 14: other municipal forms $1155;
Postage on Valuation rolls, $3 47 ; the Council of the County of Wolfe, be Shawville Equity, printing bylaw No 82 herewith endorsed by the Council of the
$7 50.	I ~	^ ^
v y* y>



-4.
i
f>
• <z


» •
*2
5Q	County of Pontiac,	and	notification of
Adjournment	for	luncheon	is then	such endorsation	be	forwarded the
moved and	seconded by Cr Carswell and	secretary of the County of Wolfe.—
Judd.	Carried.
Council re assembles at one thirty The secretary submits copy of a reo’clock with the same members present solution adopted by the Council of the bo attended the morning session.	Township of Dorion Church, requesting
At the request of E. C. Lawn, M.L.A., a grant from the Government for the the Warden introduces the Rev. T. P purpose of building a bridge over the Shaver, secretary of the County Or- Little Eagle river, and requesting that ganizatioo for the Victory Loan, who this Council adopt a resolution in sup-addresses Council on the need for the port of this request. It is moved by active support of each member of the Cr Peever, seconded by Cr McLellan, Council, to the drive presently being that the Municipal Council of the carried on, he urges upon the Mayors County of Pontiac herewith endorses present to lend their help to the local the request of the Council of the United committees in their communities, in Townships of Dorion and Church, for order to achieve as great a subscription a grant for funds from the Provincial as possible in the County, several mem- Government for the purpose of building hers of the Council follow Mr. Shaver a bridge on lot 42, range 1, over the and add their personal encouragement Little Eagle river.—Carried, and pledge their full co operation, in The secretary explains to Council order that this county may succeed in that authority was carried in by-law reaching the objective set.	No. 82, to provide the amount of $16.00
Mr. R. W Hodgins, secretary of the as for rental of the phone in the Kegis-County of Pontiac Agriculture Society, | traps office, but that the local Telephone of Shawville, appears to present the Co., had increased the rental charge of matter of the “Pontiac War Efforts the phone in question, to amount of Fund” the object of which is to raise $18.00 and he had accordingly made a sufficient money in the County, to pur- cheque in the last amount and this chase a military ambulance as a gift to cheque was awaiting the authority of the Government for the Active Forces, the Council as regards the signature of from the people of Pontiac, the idea the Warden. It is moved by Cr Me -originally had its beginnings in coin- Lellan, seconded by Cr Barr, that the mittee meetings of the Agricultural | action of the secretary in drawing a Society and stimulus was givsn the cheque in the amount of $18. to pay scheme at the recent King’s 6irthday j rental of the Registraa’s phone, 1941, ceiebratien at Shawville on June 9ih, be herewith approved —Carried
From the encouraging response | The latter item concludes the business

X

sâ
Fl

for
m
Go to jour nearest District Recruiting O(lice. Find out about these Units ; how they work, what they do. See just where you’// fit in. See where any partici^Uür skill you possess can best be utilized. Then join up for ACTION.
The Canadian Active Army requires men for Artillery, Engineers, Signals, Armoured Cars, Tanks, Infantry, Transport and Supply, Medical and Ordnance and other branches of the Service. The Army is prepared to teach many trades, and to train you to efficiently handle Canada’s weapons of war.
ACTIVE
SERVICE
//
/
/
T
i
>
rates of pay in the ranks
$1.30 per Day with Board. Lodging. Clothing, Medical and Dental care provided. EXTRA: (1) Rates varying from 25* to 75* per day for skilled tradesmen while employed. (2) Dependent Allowances in Cash: $35 to wife, $12 each per
only 3
I
month for 2 children dependents per soldier.
Apply to the nearest Recruiting Offics
or Armoury

TH

Esi
DEPARTMENT OF NATIONAL
CANADA
DEFENCE

SHJ
past.

###PAGE###5###
IE (S) ABIMEE (3)




Service Announcement

that
Shawvi lle United Church
m



Rev A. F. Fokeh B. A , V».D. PAdtor
Sunday, June 29th
11.00 a. m. Service at Shawville
well-groomed look in a
jy

k\
/
mm

1.3o p. m. — Service at Zion
ervice at Stark’s Corners
Wt
Smart
3 .00 p m
Communion service at Shawville ami Stark’s Corners.
n
<

.4
/
New

>4*
7.30 p. ni. — Service «at Shaw'ille 111? pastor will preach at all services

44
¦*#*#»*
J
a
%:
Suit !
Isa
r»n>T0L United Church Ixkv C. Armstrong-Salim B,D
• •
/
II
Sunday, June 29th

y

St. Andrew’s—
Sunday School—10.00 a. m


v
i*
BvxW v#°
/

%
Fv
r
XtB
>r
etS


J
Service at 11.00 a. m.
Knox—
Service at 2.30 p. in.
Austin—Sunday School 10.30 a.m.
Service at 8.00 p.' m.
With these services Rev. C. A. Sales will conclude his ministry at Bristol. His farewell sermon is to be entitled, “ The wonder of Redemption,”
9»
l Y

?
i

I

li

et®


iF
ù
Of
J
1

&
******
«
1-
JUBILEE BED OUTFIT

Tweeds, Gabardines, Serges,
and Worsteds
*•' vs

.e/)
i
i

JJa
ANGLICAN St Paul’s Sunday, June 29th 8.00 a. m. — Holy Communion
Sunday School
$25."
X J

J

¦
EC’D
10.00 a. m Morning Prayer—11.00 a. m.
7. 30 p. m — Evening Prayer
#9

Suits that will make you look and illion,
Look Men feel like a models for men and young men
Single and double breasted
Sizes 36 to 46
m
M
St. Luke’s
1,30 p in. — Sunday School 2.00 p. ni. — Evening Prayer Holy Trieity
Full panel bed, in rich two-tone finish—Simmons metal beds are not affected by moisture — This outfit is completed th the Golden Jubilee Spring and a genuine Simmons Inner Spring Mattress.
-


Jk	P
m
m*

the s

^^c7ino plotting and
Hjgr- ,r^a iianeraashenj Afr men and boijs > "^1
FraserS
JKL A.FRA5ER 6>. SON
m

H
'•y-
00 p. m. — Sunday School 3.00 p. ni. — Evening Prayer
.1
-,
\ '•«
VVI

North Clarendon Parish Rkv. K. (’. Bolton, BA., L.Tii Sunday, June 29th Thorne Centre—
Holy Communion —
Greer mount—
Evening Prayer—2.30
Charteris—
Evening Prayer — 7. 30 p. in.
X
X
'V
w
?
37.™
IM r, Horner’s old stand SHAWV ILL E, QUE
jubilee miracle daveno
i 6
mm
10.30 <a. m
prprpr2grpgggpg2g25252525Z5252525252525Z52525c525252j252525252525252S
3a
?
5E5RE252SM2525E52525252S252525E5d5


yiyixixixixixi
ir,wwraw>gCT3>3lga?2Ba333SSBaB
4
>321
yixrziz

The Hedging Lumber Co. I

- I
ÉÉa
In Memopiam
ms

T" yvz ? vV .//P AW
P
In loving memory of our dear son md broiler, Sydney Stephens, who entered into rest, June 16th, 1939.
Three long years ago he left us,
Tis sweet to breathe his name ;
But time may make the wound less sore. For the loved one gone before.
Forget him ! no we never will.
For his memory is as fresh today,
As in the hours he passed away
Ever remembered by Mr. and Mrs-John L Stephens, Harold and Gladys.

H
<

j
Just Received

4
;
>67.
50
Car Load of Eastern
The Jubilee Mïra le Dovcno has all the qualifications of
a com-
Cedar Shingles

•i/m
THREE GRADES
Wall—In loving memory of a dear father, Tbos. E. Walsh, who died June 24th, 1940.
You are not forgotten father dear,
Nor ever shall you be ;
As long ns life and memory last,
We shall remember thee.
"J
Freshness to vovr sleeping comfort, and pocket tremendous
value peak is reached with these Jubilee
to miss them.
Bring
savings. A
Sale Values. Honestly, you cannot altor	„ ,
il youTodn’t planned immediate replacemen,s, it «ill be well
worth your while 10 tee ihesl Errlra Value Golden Jubilee Specials. Plan to visit our store today..
Phone 27
ven
THE HODCINS LUMBER COMPANY

Harvey and Edythe
Quebec
Shawville,
STRAYED

From the premises of the undersigned two little pigs, one white, one red. Information regirding them will be thankfully received by
I
MRs. Albert Horner R. 1, Shawville.
MacLean’s
Phone 15—7
Public Notice
RED & WHITE STORE
By resolution of the Clarendon School Board all schools under their jurisdiction will receive Medical Inspection when One Clyde team, mare and gelding, | they reopen in Septembei, and from five years old; one general purpose team, this date, any pupil may receive free mare and gelding, eight years old ; one vaccination, or innoculation from dip-team of carriage mares, two and three 1 theria smallpox, free of charge, by ap-years old, broken ; One year old general plying to either of the local Doctors, the purpose filly and a number of registered expense being borne by the School Holstein bull calves, accredited, blood Board.
tested. Will take some young cattle in	J. A. DEAN
exchange. Apply to	I	Secretary
Clarence T. Brownlee R. R. 1, Shawville
FOR SALE
Woods Electric Fences
Save 80 per cent
i
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
I I
X
FOB

on Fe icing Cists
One Wire iestead ef Five
Stake» Instead ef Posts
45c
Blue Ribbon Salad Dressing, 32-oz
8 oz..
Miracle Whip Sandwich Spread, 16
DESSERT
18c
ft ft
ft ft
ft ft
ft ft
33c
oz... 8-oz...,
*
For Sale
20c
ft ft
ft ft
ft ft
ft ft
Try our Ice creanj
¦
1—Massey-Harris, 12 20 Tractor, in excellent condition, with two-score plough.
I—22—36 Sawyer-Massey Threshing Separator with Rockwood pulleys and roller hearings.
t—.32— so Sawyer-Massey Threshing Separator.
I—Massey Harris Mower, (for repairs)
Apply to
JAMES TRACY Caldwell, Que.
Tenders Wanted
Tenders will be received by the undersigned for the erection of a 15-pupil School in accordance with plans and specifications supplied by the Department of Education. Tenders to be in the hands of the Secretary-Treasurer by June 27th, 1941. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.
JAMES S. YOUNG,
Secretary Treasurer North Onslow, Que.
25c
Tomatoes, two large tins Libby's Pork and Bea»s,
This is the modern way of replacing old wooden, snake and stump fences. It is the cheapest, quickest way to divide tip pasture. And it certainly is the way to handle unruly stock that are bound to reach in to the coi n when pastures start to get short
25c
2 large tins 2 med. tins 2 small tins

10c
In Bricks and by the
Scoop
• «
5c
S •
4 S
15c
Clover Leaf Fresh Herring, per tin
Kraft Cheese in glass, assorted .
Kraft Dinner, per package........
Biscuits, assorted, fancy packages..
Certo, per bottle.................
Kkorab Jelly Maker,..............
REALLY DELICOUS
19.
Vi
Phone 11—29
20c
All persons desiring to donate to foe Pontiac War Effort Fund for Ambulance, may deposit the amount to the credit of that account in the Bank of
Montreal
Auction Sale of Schools
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mrs. M. 0. Howard
15c
G. A. HOWARD
DRAI.BR
SHAWVILLE - QUE.

Auctioneer Wm. Chisoell will sell by Public Auction the schools in districts No. 10 and 13 on Saturday, June 21st, No. 10 at one o’clock and No 13 at three o’clock.
J. A. DEAN, Secretary
29<
U
Ma In and CentreSte SHAWVILLE. QUE.
i
15c
1941
G. A. MacDougall,
Treasurer


^
###PAGE###6###
A Great Energy food
CANADA CALLS FOR MONEY AND MEN
Ontario Centres Saving Daylight

>
Saving Ontario s Natural Resources
1

CANADIAN WITH
Here $• • list of the cities
and towns of the Province that
Clip and file
I
So/den corn
fast time
are on for reference:
a
Niagara Falls
Orangeville
Orillia
Belleville Bolton Brockville Burk’s Falls Ottawa
Peterborough


in
G. C. Toner
Federation of Anglers and Hunters
(No. 45)
WATER CONTROL PLAN
F
»
t
4
Ontario

il'
v.

«
i
Cobalt
Cornwall Gravenhurst St. Catharines
Sault Ste Marie Sudbury Toronto Welland
Prescott
K
v
* «%
I
'ês&j
<
Last week I showed how forests necessary for water conservation. This week 1 am going to quote from a speech made by Dr. Norman Douglas, President of the Federation, to a meeting of the Ontario Conservation and Reforestation Association held at Owen Sound this spring. Dr. Douglas has made a study of this problem; hms a definite plan for controlling the water in the land and has demonstrated the value of this
plan in Grey county.
Quoting Dr. Douglas: “In a recent survey of a block of 1300 square miles in southern Ontario, H was found that 80% of the former good streams now dry up In the summer season. It was also found that in the beds of these former streams land plants are growing where formerly only water plants were able to survive and that where these streams had cut through to bed rock, there sign of seepage from the i. This has one mean-• There was no water table in that area or, in simpler language, there was no water in the land.”
%
L
Guelph
Hamilton
Lindsay
Cl

are


X
/
<
The following Ontario, cen ties remain on Eastern Stand ard Time: Brantford, Chatham I Galt, Kitchener, London, North I Bay, Stratford, Woodstock, I Windsor, St. Thomas, Simcoe, I I Ingersoll, Owen Sound.	|
lantic and our own physical safety.” Formal American participation in the war was viewed last week in Washington as being very near. Torpedoing in the South Atlantic of the United States merchant vessel “Robin Moor” did not help to keep it away.
Canadian National Railways Revenues
“an instrument of
Scouts were Rritish cultural and political prop



aganda

A4
The gross revenues for the all-inclusive Canadian National Kail-ways for the week ending June 7, 1941 were $5,926,585 as compared with $5,279,136 for the corresponding week of 1040 an of $647,449 or 12.3 o.

'•A
aft
Regardless of the blitz, the Boy Scouts of Glasgow recently opened a new headquarters.
>>
¦iS
V


FiGHTiNCrMM z3ti
A number of Boy Scouts have been gathering on Saturday morn-at the Toronto Humane So-
A
increase
mgs
-jety headquarters to receive instruction to qualify them for the Scouts* “Friend to Animals” proficiency badge. Amongst other things the boys are taught the procedure for dealing with and
of maltreatment
ÉSSët.
Popular Guest Is Considerate

5c

S[?ay
FARM
FORUM
reputing cases of dumb animals
for
following suggestions
the gracious guest, which are rfiig-geçted by Ruth Millett, the well-known columnist, are timely at t 10 beginning of the holiday season.
If you start figuring out why you never hesitate to invite Susie for a week-end, no matter who else M to be under your roof, you’ll end m by having some definite rules for the gracious guest, she writes.
She will arrive on time, looking comfortable, untroubled and
ready to enjoy herself.
will immediately fit into the
having. If
The
W A R - W E E K—Commentary on Current Events
Britain’s Position Is Said ‘Grave, But Not Disastrous’
was no earth sides
THE
Ontario Boy Scouts figured prominently in scholastic honours and student elections this year at Queen’s University and Royal Military College. Of the three top honox men at R.M.C. two were Sc<^>wid at Queen s Scouts weiWjBgd as Presidents of the Arts^egineeving, and Alma Mater societies
ing
(A Department conducted by
Professor Henry G. Bell of the
Agricultural College,
other
At The Source
Ontario
Guelph, assisted by various members of the faculty.)
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
Q. Could you give information in regard to using fertilizer with corn, also with mangel seed? I am using a fertilizer grain drill to sow the corn, and also to sow the mangel seed. Would you sow the fertilizer in the same spouts as the corn and mangels, or on the spouts alongside the corn or mangel seed, or all three of them? Most of the soil is muck, while some is mixed with heavier soil washed in from the hillsides, and according to soil examination needs an application of rOO to 600 lbs. of 0-12-15 fertilizer for roots.
loo Co."
A. Answering your inquiry of
the 17th instant, I wish to say that fertilizer is sown in all ol the different ways that you have described. I believe that for corn and mangels if you are not put-
than 200 to 250 lbs.
sense law of
“This is a common
Water that runs off the
nature
Surface is not available for ground water nourishment nor is it available for wells or springs. This other law of nature is equally Water will run off the sur-
me some
week although the British
cool
Last
occupation of Syria appeared to be proceeding very satisfactory, those familiar with Axis strategy kept constantly in mind the possibility that it might be the German game to draw the British into Syria; to give the Vichy army just enough German air support and military aid to prolong the
with the British
air force and fleet busy in the eastern corner of the Mediterranean, to strike with great force in the Egyptian desert, feeding reinNorth Africa
cleared sealanes in the
The dramatic flight home to Washington last week of America’s Ambassador to Great Britain, John G. Winant, precipitated a flood of speculation on what type cj reports he would make to his chief and other leaders, on the progress of the war abroad. An excellent account of the Ambassador’s meet-with his Administration col* , written by New York correspondent. James B. According to him, Mr. Win*
true
face if Nature’s provisions to restrain it are removed.’’
“Nature has planned that water
will go into the ground to serve jta good purposes and that too much of it will not race across the surface, where it will do harm. How nature does this is not a new story to you. The shade of the forest canopy overhead and the spongy forest floor combine to give protection from sun and wind, while the little valleys between the trees and the swamps make reservoirs of held water that promotes best conditions for deep seepage. Any water that goes into __e ground in this way helps to make up Nature’s system of controlling water at its source.”
She
kind of party you are you’re entertaining your husband s boss and his very correct wife, she reminisce about how you
A fund known as the “B.-P. Chins Up Fund” for the benefit of British Boy Scouts who have become war casualties while on during bombing raids, or who have lost their homes, and in many cases their parents, is being raised by the Boy Scouts of Canada. Contributions are being arranged by the boys themselves, and no donations are being asked from the public.
Scouts of Toronto launched the fund, have raised and transmitted to London Scout headquarters a little over $2,000.
won't
and she, when you shared an apartment, used to stack the dbihew In the sink and have one grand dishwashing at the end of the
service
other struggle ; then
ing
leagues was Times’
Reeton
ant reported that Britain is in extremely grave” position both on
and at home, but ‘V-not face any immediate or
week.	. , .
She'll be dressed appropriately
r occasion and it won i be
she borrowed any of your
for every
because
clothes.
an
Already the who first
into
forcements
‘A. L—Water-
si he
A WONDERFUL TIME
tactfully suggest bring
the seas
across western Mediterranean.
In the event of such a play by the Axis, it could be “al^up” with Turkey. If Britain were deeply involved in Syria, she could be of little help to the Turks in re-
German land smash into
rescue” of
does
impending disaster.”
No Immediate Disaster
Ambassador’s statements summarized as follows under
If you
her breakfast to her room, ehe
enough to take
it, instead of nobly pro-
ing
will have sense
The
you up on testing—for she'll suspect that you probably don't want anyone down morning before you get sband off to work and or-
il
were
five different heads, citing reasons the optimism felt by Britain s
Canadian National Railways Revenues
%
tor
in t
sistmg a Asia Minor to the
Syria.
ting on more per acre you will be perfectly safe to let the fertilizer run in all spouts. For roots where you are putting on 500 to 600 lbs. per acre, I believe it would be good practice to drill in from 300 to 400 lbs. per acre before the roots
At the time they are seeded, 160 to 200 lbs. in the would not injure their vital-
head men:
1 The British aae reasonably confident about the struggle which they expect to develop soon in the Mediterranean basin. They say they have a “good force” in the Middle East. That force is "fairly well equipped.” They think they
prAty good chance of
your
tier tht groceries.
You know that when she leave» (and it will be on time, like her arrival) will convince you that she real^Mid have a wonderful Aid you'llTHWJ*rt she thinks you And your husbanc* pi'-tty, much all right
VOICE
for the all
The gross revenues inclusive Canadian National Rail for the ten-day period end
Turning of the Tide?
i t e s Associated
THE
O F
ways
ing May 31, 1941, were $8,820,747 as compared with $6,617,376 for the corresponding period of 1940,
of $2,303,371 or
Meantime Press correspondent Edward Bo-mar, the course of the Syrian drive could supply in a short time
to the question
w 1
PRESS
time
an increase 35.3%.
can
HELPFUL HUSBANDS
Girls who want a husband who will help with the dishes should marry a farm boy. As a rule city boya shy away from helping their wives with housework. That was the conclusion drawn from a survey of city and ccmptry wives made by the Association of University Women across the line, remits of which were announced recently. The same probably applies to the Canadian domestic circle. The survey shows 57 percent, of rural husbands help their wives with homework, while but 40 percent. of the city husbands included in the survey were domestic
are sown
have a holding Egypt and Suez.”
2. Gibraltar Is now ready to with
conceivable attack’
an answer	,	,	, , ,
Nazi tide be checked before
engulfing the Middle Last? The into Syria coincident with Minister Churchill’s newly
the
row
ity, but would greatly help in their growth.
By Fred Neher
stand “any from the land 3 The United States patrol sys-J in the Atlantic is beginning to help the British. Ship sinkings fallen off in recent weeks,
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
move
Prime __	.	,
enunciated war policy of striking instead of standing still, he said
provided a new basis for British confidence of holding onto the Middle East until the tide is turned in the Battle of the Atlantic.
0

Q. I have access free of cost to quantities of sawdust and coal ashes. Have either of these any available plantfood? Have they any useful purpose in either the 7 sand soil near Nobleton or the heavy clay of North Toronto? “F. M
A. Sawdust carries to the ton of air-dried material 2 lbs. Nitro-2 lbs. Phosphoric Acid
BOS'
tern
d?
aTrs7 pip's wARy
%
GARAGE
0

%
2%
have
and while still serious, they are
not at present subject to the great
so evident

O
C3

%
z
"peaks and valleys ’
gome time ago.
4. The British beieve that, despite the relentless battering they have taken from the German Luftwaffe since last autumn, they still hold air superiority over the English Channel and the most dan-sections of their island.

very
l
/

Informal War
The program laid down by President Roosevelt in his May 27 address to the United States nation last week was already being actively implemented. Atlantic patrols were being extended; preparations were proceeding apace for control of potential enemy bases in this hemisphere, eg. French West Indies; purchase of essential raw materials (so the Axis can’t get ’em) was gathering momentum; discussions with the British on major points of military and naval strategy \xere under way. Almost everything that could be done in informal warfare was being done, even to the requisitioning of half the coastal tonnage of Atlantic and gulf shipping operators.
Formal Participation Near Experts agreed, however, that
to be enough.
on

York Co.”

kv
Hire P
%
%

?
v
%
gen,	„
(P205) and 4 lbs. Potash (K20). Coal ashes from Anthracite Coal carry about 8 lbs. Phosphoric Acid and *3 lbs. of Potash. Coal Ashes combined with so much inert material that it is doubtful if jt is of much value to use them in
the set-up of the soil.
\

<V
as
helpmates
a
i
gerous	. .
B. Winston Churchill's position
been Impaired by the
St. Catharines Standard
A
we
the driver, or	the persons	vtith	ghlp ,n an8Wer to his inquisitors
him.	be pictured the lost Battle of Crete
It is different	today when	a	^ having served a good purpose
man sits down	at	the wheel	o	a	deyplte \tB heavy cost. It granted
couple of tons of automob e am	Britain time, he claimed, to clear
etarta rushing them through the	the anti-British uprising in Iraq,
streets at thirty, forty or h ty ftJl4 ^ mass forces for the move miles an hour among hundreds ol other automobiles moving at the high rates of speed.
Modern conditions impose obligation upon all car owners to b# sure that their cars are safe to drive—for the sake of others
m well as for ourselves
Winnipeg Tribune
are


4

o
Zz
improving If ashes are well-screened, they improve the physical condition of clay soils. Sawdust wok’d tend to turn soil sour. This, of course, can be overcome by the addition of sufficient Lime. Sawdust would add some organic matter to either of ifie soils that you
#
n
z
%
may
&

Q


/

r
SB*:

'/a
I
%
1.
' . 4» Y
%
J
Jr*"?
mention
%

SCOOTING...
i
this wasn t going Positive aimed action, in the name of defense of the Americas, was
Remem-
into French-mandated Syria. But for the defense of Crete, he pointed out. Syria might quickly have fallen into Nazi hands and provided the most serious threat to the sivccessful defense of Egypt.
I
2U-2?
The Boy Scouts of Holland have been officially banned by the Nazi invaders. It was alleged that as members of the International Scout Movement the Dutch Boy
same

to be coming fast
an
seen _
her the President said:
Azores ... if occupied or controlled by Germany, would directly endanger the freedom of the At-

the
I’ve had a little car to close to the road!”
. . Will you come and get me? . where that big tree is growing l_
Hello, Henry . trouble . .
The Syrian Campaign
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Community Suit
Diet of Daisies
Advised by Nazis

THE SAME . ONE / THERES
plennv
OF ROOM f
TH$vu«s r
E THIS ONE / )
‘rfisT'
AIÜIT
UK6 YOU DlOf
The Voelkischer Beobachter,
their bread with daisies.
The paper said this miditower bad more vitamin C, more health-
CM STSS»
daisies

\
ter

n
•J
a

V
-4

a:?
S*
*
Mv

n?>Êh
t •
!
\

z ^
spend -
in the woods, gathering and other wild plants g|	|
Chickweed, nettles, dandelions, W ¦ and caseweeds were
1
»
t
s
7w


k.

L
u
1
>
dishes.
###PAGE###7###
trothed had brought upon God forgive me for the thought!
echo of the jealousy I
me.
The
Smiâny Summe&9Mouunpô
xjfoîtariZ& 2&t6 foeàt/
p o immmm 4#K4
It was an had been harboring all the eve-jealousy born of fear of
PENTHOUSE
MURIER . .

W,
nmg, Fitzgerald.”
“My Mind Clear”
“For the moment I had forgo t-Lydia’s terrified call over the telephone. Then my mind cleared and I realized that a terrible tragedy had occurred. I re-entered the bedroom and my worst fears were verified when I saw the bullet wound in Lydia's arm, the blackened hole in Fitz’s bosom.
“1 reeled and felt as if 1 w /a
about to faint, for a Then I pulled myself together and tried to discover whether either
Both were ap«
by CALEB JOHNSON
X*
ten


F
SYNOPSIS
#5
A card game is in session in Elmer Henderson's penthouse atop a New York skyscraper, players are: Henderson,• Police Inspector Flaherty, Martin Frazier, Archie Doanc, Max Michaelis, and his friend Williams, a stockbroker.
They are waiting for Stephen Fitzgerald.


The
TSfiSiAT

M
• v-* ; >
1 c H RE DdE D


moment.


!
When he fails to ap-a telephone call brings the
out with

t
K

I
was still alive, parently dead.
“My first conclusion was that Fit/, had shot Lydia and then killed himself, rather than let her
. I saw no weapon, how-
pear,
information that he is a girl. Fitzgerald and Henderson both romantically interested in Lydia Lane, the famous actress, but Archie Doanc reveals that she is engaged to marry him.
Doane leaves the party early when Fitzgerald fails to appear. A short time later he telephones hispector Flaherty with the frantic news that he has found Fitzgerald and Miss Lane dead in Lydia


w
S
i
(F\
\


m




K': I
E
wmm
are
iOUu
mm

/
marry me
-, and the idea of suicide did not fit with Fitzgerald’s character and temperament. Someone else must have come upon them and killed them both.
. “I considered my own position.
clear. I
#11
m
ever

i

m
O0VcT
t
t
is r*

No wonder Mary’s smile matches the summer morning—she is eating a luscious breakfast of two Nabisco Shredded Wheat and milk, topped with fresh strawberries! And she is getting 100% whole wheat, with its valuable wheat germ, in a form that is easily digested and quickly convertible into energy for work or play.
At your food store, jay "Nabisco Shredded Wheat".
THE CANADIAN SHREDDED WHEAT COMPANY LTD., Niagara Falls, Can.
/

The case against me was had thought at first of running to the street and calling in the nearest policeman. Hut if I did that and anything should slip—someone else should come to the apartment, Miss Lane’ maid return and find the bodies there—my depart-might easily be interpreted as the beginning of a flight from the scene of my crime."
Receiver Not on Hook
“I discarded that idea, and telephoned at once to Elmer Henderson’s rooms, and reported to Inspector Flaherty, that the telephone receiver was not on the hook but hanging from its cord.
“Between the time when I telephoned the Inspector and the arrival of the detective with the Medical Examiner I was careful to disturb nothing in the apartment, but made as good a search as I could without touching anything, in the hope of finding the pistol.
derstand your detective has found no weapon?
“I had no means of telling how long Fitz had been lying there. Trying to figure it out, I came to the conclusion that he must have been shot early in the evening, .and that Lydia, coming in late, had just discovered his body when she telephoned to me. , have come first into the studi this room—then gone into her
Lane's penthouse apart-



Wm
ment.
When Flaherty and the medical reach the apartment,
•till
<-s
psa
w

A'
ri^HE finest baking 1 results are made easy by Calumet’s double-action, X which permits you to use less.
Cuntinuousleavening is the eecret—during the mixing and in the oven. Easy-opening, won’t-•pill container, with handy measuring device under the lid.
Priced Surprisingly Low!

A

examiner
they find that Misa Lane is alive. She is rushed to a hospital where blood transfusions and care


8S%

¦ms

m

»
*.vv
£

W
X-'1

«
&
promise to restore her.
circumstantial
points to Archie Doane as murderer, especially when the murder gun is found carefully planted in the chimney clean-out in the basement.
am

m

ure
evidence the
All
?

mam
w



*


MADE IN CANADA - OF CANADIAN WHEAT
L7I
I noticed then
CHAPTER NINE
“I opened the door and went out on the roof and around the elevator shaft to the door of Miss Lane’s bedroom, my footprints in the snow, shades were drawn on both the windows and the glass door, but I could see that there was a light
I tapped loudly on the
WM
Table Talks
dressing room and slipped into a kimono and entered the bedroom to find Fitz’s body on the floor. But that, of course, does not account for her own wound.”
The Medical Examiner was the firrst to speak after Doane had finished his statement.
“It is impossible that Miss Lane have been shot several hours
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
You will find
The

Bake in slow oven (325°F.) about 20 minutes, while warm.
June Brides
And Graduates
Remove from pan Yield 3 dozen cook-
eouett-Acnwe
baking
Powder
inside.
glass, but received no response. Then I tried that door, and found it unlocked.
“I opened the door and saw the bodies of Miss Lane and Stephen Fitzgerald lying jiist where you saw them !
“You can imagine the agony of my first thoughts, once perceive that they were dead; they seemed merely asleep, closed the door softly and backed out on to the roof. My first impulse was to steal quietly away— to hide from the shame my be-
ies.
Krispie Almond Cakes
% cup shortening cup sugar l1/» cups flour
2 teaspoons baking powder V* teaspoon salt % cup milk 4 egg whites
1	teaspoon almond flavoring
2	tablespoons sugar
V*. cup blanched almonds % cup Kellogg’s Rice Krispies
Blend shortening and sugar. Sift flour with, baking powder and salt and add to creamed mixture
June the month beloved by poets, brides and every graduating class throughout the land!
Every day now there are show, luncheons and parties. If you wish to have a very delectable drink to please the school crowd try thi Delight" — !
Zealand Corn Fancy as that banana sounds, it’s nothing more than one banana to one glass of ice cold milk and two tablespoons of unsweetened pineapple juice, all beaten up together until creamy.
New Zealand Corn Flake Kieses
V* cup shortening 1 cup sugar 1 egg
IV* cups flour
1 teaspoon baking powder V* teaspoon salt
1	cup finely chopped dates
2	cups Kellogg's Corn Flakes Blend sugar and shortening
thoroughly; add egg and beat until light and fluffy. Sift flour with baking powder and salt; add to first mixture with dates; mix Mold mixture by teaspoons
may
ago," he said, "and her statement, when and if she recovers consciousness, will help us on that But the man had been
un-
I found nothing.
c°*»i*ation im
point.
dead not more than an hour, I should say not much more than half an hour, when I arrived. He could not possibly have lived fifteen minutes with that bullet through his heart. That negatives suggestion, I think."
A Blood Transfusion
Martin Frazier had come back from the telephone while Archie Doane was making his statement. “I got Carrel out of bed and he’s on the way to Roosevelt Hospital " he said. "If anyone can
ers
iis.
"Frosted Banana accompanied by “New Flake Kisses."
drink
I did not at
1
“One mistake young writers make is they don’t stick close enough to people they really like. They go to Hollywood."
—Clarence Budington Kelland.
She might
your
alternately with the milk. Fold f < in stiffly beaten egg whites and
flavoring. Fill small muffin pans half full; sprinkle surface with mixture of sugar, finely chopped almonds and slightly crushed Rice Krispies. Bake in moderate oven 350°F. 30 minutes.
3% dozen cakes.
##&***»
/.N___
now,
pull Miss Lane through he can.
“I called up Henderson, too," he added, and gave him a report of
the situation, joyed to learn that Miss Lane was still alive, and asked me to give word of sympathy and en-

W
is HER, faith
greater than YOUR s 9
*
He seemed over-
Yields
,
Misa Chambers welcomes pcrsoool letters from Interested readers. 9 Is pleased to receive suggest! on topics for her column, and Ip even ready to listen to your “pet peeves." Requests for recipes er special menus your letters to
hers, 73 West Adelaide litreet roots.“ Send envelope If w
you a courage ment, Archie."
“Good of him," said Doane. “Can’t I be of service at the hospital? Blood transfixion, you said? I’ll give every drop in my body." “They have a numbei of per- . available whose blood has been analyzed and tested for just that purpose,” said the Medical Examiner. "It would take twenty-four hours to determine whether it would be safe to use yours, and by that time Miss Lane will either be out of danger or—"
“I hope she’ll be able to talk," interrupted Inspector Flaherty. "Then we’ll have something definite to go on. Meantime, we must see what we’ve got here.”’ (Continued next week)

I

»

xi


In order. Add m Sadie ». Chy.
9AA

i

well.
into balls of dough in crumbs and flatten on greased baking sheet.


y
, ¦
Æ
X
4
sons
British Children
Outgrow Masks

Summer Clothes: Peasant Trend


A.R.P. officials, inspecting children’s masks in schools at Uxbridge. Middlesex, England, found that half of them were useless.
One in 10 had been damaged beyond repair.
Another one in 10 had been damaged but was repairable.
Three in 10 were found to be too small because the children have grown since the masks issued.
First issue of gas masks to civilians in Britain was in September, 1938, during the crisis whiek ended at Munich.
More were issued when the war began nearly a year later.
Many school children have now grown out of their masks and will have to be served with new ones.

Have Shirred Neck-
Full
Blouses line, Skirts
P77
Large Sleeves;
A*
Ft
Tlie peasant, influence in clothes ia stronger as days grow warmer.
that do really blouse and have shirred necklines ami large
with gathered
Rieuses
- -#
Co-operation In Wedding Presents
sleeves are worn skirts, usually gay flowered cot tone. This type of dress is running the shirtwaist variety a close second, not only for day but, for party
:v
1.3

If
}
V
Consider How The Couple Plans to Live Before Selecting Your Gift

wear.
It's the fabric that gives style interest to the shirtwaist dress. This year laces are highly regarded and it is a fashion which find ideal for the traveling vacation wardrobe because they do not crush. Suggest them, however, for the young girls who like starched laces with petticoat Tounce for
evening dancing.
Let’s also suggest the fabric like
laces for the older woman who likes soft tailored styles because
be washed. For those
r
F
H
new
1

$ a
!
If there is a bride oil your list, you can do her a favor by carefully considering your present to her. writer on “Common Cour-
woiuen
r
says a
I
#esy."
:	Try to think specifically of Hie
i couple who will iise your gift. Are
to keep house? Are
ifieleatû you can ijiuiy
a $50 PcctcUf

i they going
they to live in a small apartment
large home? In another town?
help by buying

or a
(Then you can things that are easy to pack.) USEFUL GIFT WELCOMED You should, if possible, know whether her hope chest is light in linens or lacking in kitchenware. Most likely she will be eager to show you her wedding collection. You can fill in accordingly. Every bride who t;ecelvee a lot of lamps but nothing to place them on will bless the office force that delegates some one to call and find out what she needs.
Close friends nowadays are presenting gifts that can be exchanged. So many couples have been ' deluged with duplications that cannot be returned. Aunt Molli# would be insulted if her percolator were returned. Uncle Jim lives too far to send his gift hack. But
they may^———JPH|
who like the sheerest lace there’s
the filmy Chantilly and shadow
1
»

laces.
This woman has complete faith in Canada ... in the rightness of our cause ... and the greatness of
didn't have $50!
3
Mutual Admiration

0**
I like to watch Sir Robin As round the yard he scoots In his gay red waistcoat And his trim black boots.
Ofttimes he dines quite proudly On victuals he has found,
Then wipes his beak off neatly,— His napkin is the ground.
I like to watch Sir Robin,—
A gentleman is he,—
And one can see quite; plainly That he likes watching me.
Oma Olna Martin In Christian Science Monitor

November 15th.
You, too, can buy a bond this easier way
ascash. Your security is allof Canada. Your return
blow for freedom from Nazi tyranny.
i
on
. And remember, Victory Bonds arc as g xx
the satisfaction of having strtic;
Space donated by
;i a ay
4 best friend usually has pitv the bewildered bride and realizes slid needs a toaster instead of three percolators for two.
ISSUE 25—’41
OGILVIE FLOUR MILLS CO., LIMITED
THE
on
B
Millers of Royal Household Flour aud Ogilvie Oit«
###PAGE###8###
Look Sere
|____«IM—MIMI---- ""	**j
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost, etc.
DALE’S TINSHOP
Mr. Thomas Wallace Passes After Lengthy Illness
A very well-known and highly respected citizen ot this district, in the person of Mr. Thomas Wallace, died at his home, Oth Clarendon, on Thursday,
banking service
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
o
Is an Everyday Necessity
SAVINGS ACCOUNTS - For investment or special-purpose funds.
CURRENT ACCOUNTS - For business and for personal
or household disbursements.
SAFETY DEPOSIT BOXES - For securities and valued
papers.	,	...
LOANS - Business or Personal, including
instalment loans.
MbNEY ORDERS, TRAVEL CHEQUES, DRAFTS.
All Banking Services are available to you and your active use of them will be welcomede

June 19th, in his 76th year,
Mr. Wallace had been m failing health for several years, and had been confined to his bed loi the
“Srab*i. Thorn* to..-
mMm
ssiS Ï-W ÆWS
gan. Mr. Wallace was active in the social and community hie or the district, aud for ft nupiber oi
Older. He was a member ot at.
John’s Anglican Church at Mooie-
^Surviving, besides his wife, are three sons, Harry, of. Moorehead.
aisoenjoy
s£ s»' rt.Æi p
Moorehead; two brothers, \\ ilham
SfSSfiî^lSfifS S:
mont, Alberta.
The funeral was held on Sunday afternoon, and was one of the largest witnessed in this district for some time, many friends and relatives being present from disservice, at St. John s conducted by the
! Come in and see our full stock of
siESl=
mss
Showvllle.	__
TO RENT—Furnished cottage and boat at Sand Ray for July. J. H. Murray, Shawvllle.
Shawville. Phone 15—14
iSSPi
U
I,
SAVE
I
m
LEND TO CANADA
FINDLAY
: The BANK of 1
NOVA SCOTIA
IST'D. 133Î —OVER A CENTURY OF BANKING EXFERIINCI
RANGE
*
)
î

1
A stove for every
in al! sizes
..¦Ü

purpose

>
IN ME MORI AM
In loving memory of our dear father, William Thomas Wallace, who died June 19, 1940,
11 Lovingly remembered ”
Lorraine and William
William Kerney, R. C O. C„
^jsjara^faisisisjaieitarsrsjsjpaiaiaiaisiaiaiafflisffinaii^ |1
don ; four
^iHiisÎEBearsiaiaraisfEisisjaraîaiBfaiaisiaisi
i
»

Vj
%
ih.
tant points Church, was Rev. Donald Andrews, of Camp
bell’s Bay, and the Rev. T h K Nurse, Rector of St. 1 aul s Church Shawville, who delivered the ser
ANNIVERSARY
I89M94I J


B
»
s
»
mon.	,
Interment was made in St.Johns cemetery, the pallbearers being Messrs. Joseph and Matthew Wajlace and John Carson
St
>
r
%
m
i
of Ottawa ,	ri , .
Eadesand Herbert V Hodgms. The following durai tributes
were received Flowers—Broken Circle — The Family ; Baskets—Mr. and Mrs. William Wallace, Fortage La Prairie, Man , Mr. Matt XV a 1 lace, Clairmount, Alta ; Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Telfoid, Campbell’s Bay ; Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Wilson, Shaw ville ; Line 13, Red Cross Unit, Radford ; Radford A. Y. P. A ; Ladies Guild, Radford ; Radford Holy Trinity Sunday School ; Shawville Junior Guild and play caste ; Teaching Staff of Shawville High School ; School No. 1, Zion ; Fred Graham ; Urqhuart Campbell, Keith Hod-gins, Shawville. Sprays—Mr. and Mrs. XV». B. Corrigan and family; John Richardson ; Grade 8, Shawville High School ; Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Sturgeon and Mr. and Mrs. Wesley Hines ; George and Flossie Clarke ; George and Doreen Dim lop. Cut Flowers—Mr. and Mr*. J. A. Dean ; Mrs. George Elliott
»
Ï
A
I

•S
• 1 »
Va
Va
Va
&
A
Z
/zzzzz
//;//
arc
*
"Golden
Jubilee"
Matched
Unit
"Golden
Jubilee"
Bed


75
$19.
A

A smart, modern, new style bed, with full end panels, new tapered ieet, and a
lovely, enduring two-
tone walnut finish. An anniversary de-
that truly rep-e


A great combination for sleep comfort, these two handsomely covered, beautifully finished units: the Golden Jubilee
IS.
ury really means.
m
8
*
i

1
I
9.-V
J
m


S
Fort Coulongc Board of Trade Hold Annual Banquet
The Fort Uoulonge Board of Trade held their second annual banquet at La bines hotel on Wed-
at 8 o clock and


i

?
K
v
50
-$32.
its

neSdHlargeVlynRttended. The spadining room of that hotel was very beautifully decorated and was crowded to capacity. This functio.i is now being considered A very important event throughout the County and serves as a very fitting climax to the Board's extensive activities
throughout the year.
Much important community welfare work is continuing to be accomplished by this organization since it was organized.in January 1931), not only in the town ot bort Cou longe and it’s immediate vicinity, but throughout the County, as was clearly demonstrated on this occasion and also at a recent public meeting in the village hal .
Tiie pi evident, Mr. A- S._ Hamilton. of James Davidson s Sons, presided at this function in a very efficient manner, at which Mr. \V. R MacDonald, M P. for Pontiac the guest speaker. The sub MacDonalds address

history of Simmons
was
cious
"Golden Jubilee" Pillow
00 Pr.

m.
$10.
Smi

%

«98
•fz
«8
%
f An outstanding development in pillow construction . a quilted taffeta covering with zipper opening at one end to enable the covering to be cleaned. Sterilized goose ^ and chicken feather filling
comfort and
mm





<0*500


&





il

DO
$10.
>-
means maximum afecuards health. Size 21 *27 «
ivory, water-lily
50
$32.
A\ailable in azure, rose, shell colours.
or egg
¦
"Golden Jubilee" Spring
fc-
y
Jubilee Mattress
Another Jubilee creation d^ signed for super-comfort; with two improved outer edge bands and three centre bands and a table fabric
forming the
platform top. The smooth tubular edge band prevents the tearing of bedding and adds strength to the outside edge. This spring provides an excellent foundation for airing-filled
m
was
iect of Mi-	,	.
xvas entirely in reg ard to the gi eat
Federal District of the County ol Pontiac. After dwelling at some length upon the unfortunate conditions which prevailed in this County in the past, principally in regard to the railway bonus, and the need of a western outlet by rail and by highway to the rich district of Northern ton
Another triumph in the manu facture of spring-filled mat tresses, this Golden Jubilee Anniversary Special contains the new 510 coil construction — a
4
X

construction




feature perfected by Simmons laboratories. It has a pre-built side wall that is attached to the
top and bottom spring tion, ensuring a neat appearance the edge of the mattress.
m
NHK
V.

mmm

wt&.-.m


construe
ÎSI


i
¦0-fr" '

mattress

on
mining tiat


i
%
McDonald took In* hearers
on an imaginary trip from here leimsknining and Ville Marie
Va I Dot and
Mi
E


via
to Rony n, Melurtic other mining centre* of the north returning by the new picture-quo highway known »e that ot Mount
Laurier and Senneterre.
Other important guests mehul-
ed Mr. E C. Lawn, M. L. A. tor
en
Mayor ti M I low,-II, of Shawville, nuit Itev. O. L. Hunt of hol t Coul
il*o delivered
"Golden Jubilee" Miracle Daveno Suite
HHÉStH m
wine, green, blue,


50
%



1

n
r~
y

SIMMONS
Makers of the famous <{Deautyrest Mfltti
V i
7âA
Ut
/à

onge
Xdilre
WPl
E U
G A. Latour, II
, by Mr.
¦¦HR p
L U Bunt, VV. Il K h Boat-1. ail ' Kut (
Musical ?elections wei e a.-o
rendered by local talent with
VIZ
hyt Law C. It
•fi
I
t
k
9
k

k
Mil
i
Cl
*
1 nl
•I •
A
t u
>
H
1
Janie* V
l

