###PAGE###1###
:
l
1042
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE THURSDAY, MAY 28th
No. 40 ôOth Yi au
Stark'* Corner* Women's In«ti tnte will hold a fund Male at tin Cotie-ilobhn Huteher shop Saturday afternoon, June Otli.
Dani k—A dance under the ana* pices of L. O. L No. tH, Chartei l«, in aid of the Red C’voaa, will be held in the Orange Hall at Charter is, on Thursday evening, May 28 good music, refreshment booth. Admission, 35 cent*.
GOWLIXG
Business
COLLEGE
ENGAGEMENT
Ol
House Cleaning Time
Hoduixh-Uichahdh
Mr. mid Mis. It \V. Hodgins, of Shawville, Que., announce the engagement of their only ihmgh
sgSlga|gS«pi
Admission, 35 venta per person.
Mrs. Charles Carty Dies at the Age of 88 Years
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa Ontario
This old reliable school lie* removed to laige and finer premise*. The finest and most model n in Ontario Attend a school with an established îepntation Open al 1 year.
is
Mrs. Charles Carty. an aged and highly esteemed citizen of the
Bay district dled^ at WÊ 1 Sunday, May 17th,
Tiiey p. v. 9h»,»,iiieiPERSONALMENTION
ssssii ü£« h !
Prices 25 and 15 cents.	I	. e_	. She was very widely known in
Pte. Keith Corrigan. It C.Ü. C. tj,e district, and was noted for Montreal, has been spending a two fler kindly nets to those in sickness weeks' furlough with relatives in aii(j misfortune, and this was test! town and vicinity.	fled toby the large number of
Pte, Keith Howard. R C. A 8. C. h lends and neighbours attending
In Monday s It. Ç. A, F. casualty (Jump Borden, returned to camp her funeral, and by the messages list, the name of Kenneth Lendon Q|l MontjHy after a weeks' furlough and floral tributes received.
McDowell appeared as missing w|tli hls relatives in town.	Left to mourn her loss are, two
after air operations ’	sons, Angus and James, ol Lamp-
The young airman is the only Mrs U. G Bienenthal and little belt’* Bay ; four daughter*, (Annie) son of Mr. end Mm. Arnold S. Mc- daughter, Donne, of Ottawa, are Mrs. Richard Morebead. and ( Jane)
\s&fSrssAt•Mr*'- issharland c. rowat
Dowell was the former Mis* Hattie	.	e of Yarm, and ( Margaret) Mrs.
Workman.	I Mrs. Stewart Hodge, and little Athol Inglee, of Beech Grove ; also
daughter, Ann, of Thetford Mines, twenty eigh*. grandchildren and Que., are visiting at the home of and eighteen great grandchildren, her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Lang- The funeral was held on Wed-ford Strutt.	Inesday afternoon from the late
SiEPsiBSi
Mrs. (Dr.) Halkett and her grandsons, Orval, Reid and Eldon brother. Pie. Fred Hudgins, of Carty, Thomas Morebead. Wilson Ottawa, are spending a vacation | McLeary and Carman Inglee, at her cottage at Green Lake. Mrs. llalkett will remain for the Sum me: months.
Painting Time
See our stock of
Sherwin-Williams
Campbell* 1
her home on
W, I, COWLING President
H. W. BRAITMWAITk
Principal
JAMES A. MILLAR
I
B A. L. L. L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’slHotel, Campbell’» Bay every Wednesday
At Pontiac House, Shaw ville Wednesday at Noon
Paints and Varnish Cold Water Wall Tinting Enamels and Stains
also see
Our New 1942 Wallpaper Book
Sob ot Former Shawrille Couple Reported Milling
morning
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
4 Estate C. J. Caldwell f-
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Extra Tirei Mail Now be Declared
One of the requirements of the new tire, tube and retreading order issued by the Controller of Supplies is that on or before May 81 next, every pet soil other t han an authorized dealer who had in his possession or under Ins control on May 15 an automobile tire or tube in excess of those required to equip the running wheels and one • j of each serviceable vein fcre or other item of equipment
owned or controlled by him shall
deliver to the nearest Tire Ration- Mr. Rex ford Wilson, Master of
ing Representative a written Pontiac County Orange Lodge.	<Mll1 . fU
Him
W*-time Price» and Trade Board. Mr Douglas Cimpbell, who ha, to Mr. Stanley MacDonald Cooper waitnue	been spending a brief vacation at on Saturday afternoon at two
the home of his parents, Dr. and qclock. Rev. Dr. fI. W. Avison
W,mi. Wwb'^MW*	j
TIip Mav meeting of theÇWyman for Convocation when ha will Mr. and Mm. < '¦ A. H rdgms and
_	_	Given in marriage by her lather,
From Ottawa	I bride wa« attractive in a floor-
length frock ot petal blue 'ilk-sheer of dirndl style Hand embroidered applique adorned the neckline and the full Hishopsleev-Her head dress, of halo effect, encircled with tinv blue flow* and trimmed with a linger tip Her only ornament was a pearl and emerald filagree pendant which had belonged to the bride
She carried an
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate Barrister , Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell's Bi>, Quebec
(In* Lawn Block)

s
DONAT Le GUERRIER
re rim
sin
ole
MARRIED
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Cooper—Hodchnh
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with by coiroj ondsnc
ifrA
\

R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT .. BARRISTER HULL, QUEBEC
At Proud foots Hotel Campbells Bay every Tuesday at Noon.
At Pontiac House Shaw ville every
Tuesday Evening
mm
WmA



Thursday e\ei)ing.
McLellati aiul Mi',. Rohnd Unth-mi,
IsSSSSS HI,
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I Daring the
ter Mi»* Helen G«rri*on *nng "Bficanw’, and Mr. Al la tison G Y .
Brown played the wedding music
which
i
Plant
D. J. CAMPBELL
Prince Edward Island
? Government Certified ?
e*
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
wn*
ei *
veil.
!
SEED POTATOES
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST

1414 Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE. PLATEAU 638 8
75 pound bag’s $2.25
100 pound bags
3.00
0%. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St.Catherine Street .West MONTREAL, QUE.
X
X
BEL AIR 3? 57
tor Bronson.
The program closed with an joyable Sing Song, after which refreshments were served.
en-
Montreal
Fro
Rae Howard
Ac George Etides, R.C.A.F.
„f ,	. Norris Brough
Sugar Rationing Won t Hart	Chester Preudei gast
^	—o—	Dr. R. E Dagg
Sugar rationing won't hurt any- Miss Nellie Imison
According to nutritionists. •» Beverley Masson sugar does nothing than supply \ir9 [),iVid Clarke quick energy and create an ap* Mr. and Mrs Jack Boden petite for more sugar.	| Mr. and Mrs. A. W. My res.
Here are “painless ’ ways to cut
down on sugar :
Gradually reduce	¦
tea. coffee and on cereals Make icings thinner or eliminate
entirely.
Serve fruits m
natural state instead ot cakes, pies ¦¦¦¦I	|| IB
8 When* stewing fruit,- add sugar I Stalk’s Cornel's WcMieiftInstituteI	Cats Get Pyorrhea	scientific eye examinations ;
towards the end of the cooking I ag |ie|c| in the Church Hall, on Wrong feeding often is at the root Specialists on al Ivisual and muscular eye defects
Ke»n.wÀ“ toîbjÔl” it ÿdJ Vhè»,n«,.d..L M,, Percy De». t^KÜ'	p,:%: T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
will bring out the flavour. Avoio was in the chair. After the roll may be born with weak stomachs. R optmetrlst	Reg.	Optometrist	|
using soda as this destroys vita t-ne business was concluded, Mr. Digestive diseases in cats run all the _ mins.	Neil Drummond addressed the way from pyorrhea to piles, and in*
a##
mamssmm
til food flavour, they will in «III A"fot,d sale is to be held on Jun- A chill may bring on gastritis.
likelihood prefer it.	16th.	Entertis. which is an inflammation
It dried fruit* «re used In mui- T,,e mPeting closed by singing of the Serial invasion. However, it fins or cookies the «mount of sngai 0)d g„ve t|)e King, after which must not be forgotten that the well-
called in the recipe may oe cu. l refreshments were served.	fed cat is best able to resist illness,
down.	M	I
DR. H. K. NEILSON
SEED CORN
(r
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat
SPECIALIST
Folic wing a recept ion, was held a Standigh Hall. the bi ide and bridegroom left on their wedding trip. For travelling Mrs. Cooper wore a Redingote costume of Canyon rose erepe with long
tight sleeves, black accessories and a corsage bouquet of Johanna Hill ro«es
Out or town guest* at the wed
Charle* Low, of
I

one.
Hybrid No. 606
Longfellow
Golden Glow
White Cap Yellow Dent
ONT.
OTTAWA.
PHONE, 2-7961
Other Places
amounts in | Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Grace and
children, Pembroke.
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA. ONTARIO
ding were Mrs Toronto. Mis* Greta Cooper, til
Hollywood. Cal , Mrs James Casey of Kingston. Mr. and Mrs. G. R Armitage, of Niagara balls. N Y.
season in their
Stark’s Corners Women’s Institute
i

Gordon T. Paul I N SU RANCE
to
representing companies
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
THE W. A. H0DCIN8 STORE
Quebec
Shawville
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
###PAGE###2###


SCOUTING . .
RADIO REPORTER
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
‘Per Ardua Ad Astra'
One of the recent stork*» from heroic Malta Is of a 17 year old Boy Scout who held a lamp throughout an entire night while
extricating people from
DIALING WITH DAVE:
t The acrostic reproduced below was composed by Aircraft- I Francis J. Mott, an Englishman who has lived many years ( in the United States, and who came to Canada to R.C.A.F. in 1940. He is now stationed at the R.C.A ning Depot at Lachine.
<A.C. Mott has had the acrostic printed he sells for five cents each on behalf of the Red Cross.)
Recruit, with vague, bewildered gaze,
Of one to whom all things are new;
Youth, having nothing but a name,
A Number and an A.C.2.
Long hours of waiting till his turn
occupied territory. All the thrill^ danger and excitement of bombing raids—or fighter combaV-of channel patrol are faithfully dramatized. "FLYING FOB FREEDOM" offers stimulating listening for us all. The show le aired locally over a number of Ontario stations — CROC, Wednesday at 8.00 p m. — CFRB, Thursday at 9.30.
man
!

oin the
Man-

men were the debris of a bombed building. The lad was killed a short time after when a bomb burst near a house in which he was decorating
LESSON 21
THURSDAY: THE LAST DAY WITH THE DISCIPLES Luke 22:7-38
on postcards which
.

a room for a children's party
PRINTED TEXT, Luke 22:14-30 GOLDEN TEXT.—Thie do in
Luke 22:19. THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—The Lord s Supper took place on Thursday evening, April 6. A D. 30.
Place,—In an upper room in Jerusalem, the exact location of which cannot be determined with
finality.

,
A young Chechoclovakian Hoy Scout who escaped uud made hie to England and Joined a
Berk-
remembrance of me
*
i
Conns round for "needles" and for boots Awhile he dreams of aeroplanes.
Nose-dives and banks and parachutes. Arrives at length the Vesting List Directing him to Training School;
Instantly blossoms life anew
Ami feeds his soul with fighting fuel!
Now comes the time of new-found skills,
And now his head bends to the task;
In front steep ramparts rear their heads; Risk fronts Achievement like a mask.
Finally cornea that Day of Days;
On thumping chest the Wings are pinned: Rider of Cloud, and Lord of Wind; Columbus of the treacherous mists— Enters a flyer in the lists!



#

way
Scout troop In Windsor, shire, is now a King's Scout and Patrol Leader of the troop.
The LQ. of quia contestants throughout ths country doss not differ regionally, according te Dr. Harry Hagen, originator of “True or False," the Blue Network program heard each Monday night at 8.30 over a network of Ontario stations. Texas cow-punchers do_as well as Bostog Highbrows, and Georgia hilUm-lies have shown as much intelli-
Providence intellectuals.

Gasoline restrictions on trucks will this year prevent the planting of many thousands of young twvs by Ontario's Boy Scouts on reforestation projects in Siinco# and Norfolk counties. The planting has been a feature of .the annual M:i)
held in those areas this, Scouts in a number of venires carried out plantings during the Faster holidays. St. Thomas Scouts set out Homo 15,000 trees in that district, and Stratford Scouts planted 1500 locally and aided farmers In the starting of an additional 1,000.
i


The Passover
14. “And when the hour was come, he sat down, and the apostle» with him. 15. And he said unto them, With desire I have desired to eat this passover with you before I suffer.
1 say unto you. 1 shall not eat it, until it be fulfilled in the kingdom of God."
Ï

BORIS KARLOFF
Hero he is—the screen's and radio’s master of mystery and the macabre; the horror genius, who
currently in the
with Forestry Gamp#
To offset
genes is liagvn declares, basing his find-
scores compiled during
16. F'or
is appearing smash Broadway revival of ‘ Arsenic and Old I ace' who guests this coming Sunday, and on June 7th and 21st on the Sunday night 8.30 Inner Sanctum Mystery Plays. Bogie lxarloff —-epitome of all that is the ultimate in mystery thrills, whether on the screen or on the air!
mgs on
the more than three years ha has conducted the show coast-to-coasL Much of the fun of the show lias in the originality with which Dr. Hagen pits teams against each other — women archery experts against young Indian warriors, being one interesting example. As people all over the country era busy suggesting new teams, Hagen's fourth year with “True or False’' is developing many more novel combinations for the interest of Ontario listeners in tune with CKCO, CBY, CROC, CKTB, CFPL, CFXJO, CKCK and UJiC, each Monday night at 8.301
the man
In spite of the fact that our Lord was fully conscious that within another twenty-four hours He would expire on the cross, with great suffering, everything said by Him at the table in relation to Himself, at least, was vibrant with hope. In this very sentence, three great facts at least are enunciated: first, that there would be a Kingdom of God, which in itself involves the defeat of the antagonistic kingdoms of this earth; secondly, that such a symbolic act as He was now participating in, relating to sacrifice and redemption, would ultimately be fulfilled, that is, the time would come when this demption He was now about to provide, would have completely accomplished His intended purpose; thirdly, that when this time of victory and triumph had finally come to pass, He would be with His disciples, to participate with them in a new supper in the glory of that eternal kingdom.
“And he received a cup a no when he had given thanks, he said, Take this, and divide it among yourselves: 18. for 1 say unto you, I shall not drink from henceforth of the fruit of the vine, until the kingdom of God shall come.” The cup mentioned In this passage has been supposed to bs the 'third cup' of wine m the Jewish ceremonial.
The Lord's Supper
19. "And he took bread, ana when he had given thanks, he brake it, and gave to them, saying, This is my body which Is given for you: This do in remembrance of ms. 20. And the cap In like manner after supper, saying, This cup is the new covenant In my blood, even that which is poured out for you." At this point ws have the actual institution of the Lord's Supper. The bread is a symbol of our Lord’s body, and the wine s symbol of His precious blood. Tha bread broken refers to his body given up to death, and tha wins poured refers to the shedding of Hie blood. The phrase ‘in remembrance of ms' implies commemoration of one bodily absent. The body and blood of Christ are given by God not by the priest, taken by faith, not by the hand, eaten with the soul, not with the mouth.
Hong Kong Camps Getting More Food
quarrel among these disciples as to who would be accounted the greatest? The one speaks of a diabolical hatred for Christ, the other indicates an almost unbelievable disinterest in the approaching death of Christ.
Jesus is no more irritated than He is discouraged. He therefore calmly continues the work which he had begun. In human society, men reign by physical or intellectual force. In the new society which Jesus is instituting, He who has most is not to make Hie superiority felt in any other way than by the superabundance of Hie services toward the weakest sad the most destitute. The example of Jesus in this respect is to remain as the rule.
*
A total of 978 applications for medal awards for Boy Scouts, for life saving and other courageous acts, have been dealt with by the Dominion Medal Board of the Boy Scouts Association under the chairmanship of Dr. Frauds H. Gisborne of Ottawa since his appointment to the board iu 1919.
former Dominion
Latest reports from unofficial sources suggest the position of prisoners in the Hong Kong camps is "somewhat improved and the prisoners are receiving more food although living conditions still remain far from satisfactory," Foreign Secretary Anthony Eden told the House of Commons recently.
Japan is unwilling to recognize any power as protecting British interests in Japanese-controlled territories but the Argentine, as the power in charge of British interests in Japan, “has shown admirable perseverance and has made some progress in its endeavors on behalf of British prisoners, for which the British Goy-ernment are sincerely grateful,” Mr. Eden said.
Britain, the foreign secretary added, has requested the Swiss Government, in charge of British interests in all other enemy-occupied countries, to undertake similar duty in Japan for greater uniformity in war-prisoner dealings.
Though continuously pressed to send full lists of British prisoners, the Japanese have not fulfilled their undertakings. Arrangements have been made through the Vatican for local missionary organizations to purchase procurable supplies for camp distribution.
But

You probably know them by now—for during the past few weeks, the story built around their lives and activities, has unfolded a stirring tribute to the K.C.A.F., the R.A.F. and the men of the United Nations Flying Forces I But in case you haven’t, CKOC invites you to meet the Canadian "Crash Wilson” American "States Tucker,” Australian "Cob Fitzgerald," and the Englishman tliev star in the Wednesday night 8.00 o'clock "FLYING FOR FREEDOM” show, dramatizing in thrilling sequences, the life of the men in our Air Forces who are flying for our freedom. The
four boys around whose activities much of the story revolves, aie interesting, wide-awake men, whose aims, ideals and actions dovetail perfectly—whether on a friendly date on leave, or in a bomber or fighter squadron over
Dr. Gisborne,
Parliamentary Counsel, recently
as Honorary Dominion
Moments to Remember
retired
Counsel of the Scout Association, after serving 25 years in that capacity. The Hon. Mr. Justice Harrison, K.C
N.B.. was named as Dr. Gisborne'#
at the recent annual
Someone winning a high-value ‘Oscar’ Saturday night on Share the Wealth—CBC-CKOC 8.301 Jimmie FidUr's open letter, featured each week on his Monday 7.00 pm. Hollywood commentary.
The last breathle when Penny Matthews and her friends, finally untangle themselves from some terrifically funny situation, each Thursday night between 8.06 and 8.80 — CBC network.
the
the
re-
D.S.O., of Saint John,
“Bill Bolton/'
successor meeting of the Scout Association. The lutter will continue in the chsSrmat.siiip of Medal Board.
minute
Millions of Pins
Saved By Britain
the Dominion

H U H. the Duke of Gloucester, recently appointed President of the Boy Scouts Association of the Empire, in succession to the late I >uke of Connaught, was for many years
shite and Norfolk Scout Association#.
17
Britain used 1,500,000,000 fewer pins last year than in 1940, and there will be several million fewer this year: Already men's new shirts have surrendered the desen pins with which it warn the quite unnecessary ritual to fasten them up.
The steel and brass from which they are made are doing a more important job today goes into anything from a hand grenade upwards; ;the brass bs-anythiiw from a gas mask fastener to • Before cartridge.
#
Record of the Week lark" recorded by Harry James.
"Sky-
Patron of the Gloucester-
SONG WRITER
A Tyrant s Power
The steel
The fact is, of course, that a tyrant has power only over men who are afraid to die. If a man really believes in his religion, then he must hold with Saint Paul that "to die is gain”, provided he dies in defence of that religion. Quisling can hang the bishops. He might even clergymen, gain by it? detestation of the faithful.
Quisling is now facing some thing altogether beyond his control, because his power extends no further than men’s fears. Where fear of death ends, there the power of tyranny fails, and it is only the stupid tyrants who permit themselves to pass that limit.
HORIZONTAL
1 Man who wrote the song "Home Sweet Home."
13 Genus of
Answer to Previous Puzzle
6 To sprinkle n with flour.
3110 Sound of *1 sorrow.
9 11 Warbl
ll 12 Relating te 31 a node.
comes
'M

odeMTeI
nWcqj
RgPgAL!!
G^ElQ3
ÇHAJÉMAJ
SBa
T
grasse#.
14	Stream.
15	Card game.
16	Small bunch.
17	Angry.
13 Sums up.
20 Pismires.
2a Frozen.
22	To strike.
23	Born.
24	Evergreen tree.
25	Since.
27	Biblical priest
28	Acts of lending.
30 Sweet
MAP OF
THIS CURIOUS WORLD
By William Ferguson
||||||||||||||||||]niiasska<; re the
But what would he Only the frenzied
16 He was a or traveler most of hi# life (pi.).
19 To revolv*
{AHALLT 24 Deadly.
Ig;26 Eye socket
VERTICAL 29 Single thing.
32 Mercenary.
34	Deifying. •
35	Bristle.
36	Trees.
37	Spanish cola.
42	Fruit
43	To lacerate. 45 Enthusiasm. 49 Musical not*
51	Measure.
52	And.
iM

»
40	To permit.
41	Enraptured. 44 Newspaper
paragraphs. 46 Black haw.

3 To think.
3	Student residing In a hostel.
4	Dozes.



Baltimore Sun
47 Dishonest.
50 You"”6 Sed8C' S Ancestry>
secretions.
31 Occurrence.
33 Reads again. 54 He was an 36 Roof finial
38	Half an em. 55 He was an
39	Sheltered place.
Nazi Youth
6 Wire trappers
by birth. 7 Grand-
parental.
8 Pertaining to 53 Sound of a rete.
A
From information which reaches London it can be said that U-boat crews as a whole are good enough material, states The Ottawa Journal. This is particular! true of the older hands bred up in x the tradition of the sea. But the great majority now are youngsters, conceited and immature, their souls corrupted by their training and experience in the Hitler Youth Movement.
Bred in the movement since the age of twelve, they shock the older men by their ignorance and manners. When asked his religion, one of them, a prisoner of war, answered as if out of a book: "I have no time for such tomfoolery." Another answered: "My religion is Germany, which is better than faith in God, who after all was only a Jewish Jehovah."
These youngsters as a rule do not know anything of naval traditions or history before the present century, and instead of being sea folk are mostly peasants who expected to serve in the infantry.

»
The Betrayer
21. "But behold, the hand of him that betrayeth me is with me on the table. 22. For the Son of man indeed goebh, as ft hath been determined: but woe unto that man through whom he 1# betrayed! 23. And they began to question among themselves, which of them it was that should do this thing." Particularly should one notice the phrase 'as it hath been determined/ and compare it with Acts 2:23; 4:27, 28. The disciples are certainly ignorant of the fact that Judas was to betray the Lord that night. The text seems clearly to imply that all the disciples had at least some fear that any one of them might commit such a dreadful sin.
by
THAT
profession
inquiry.
A-XARJME STUDIOS. SAINT AUSUSTINE, FLA.
I 2
7
3	4
5
6
8
9
10
II
9
13
14
13

16
17
18
ii
VA4ICH FkSOAS: IS 7H€
MOON* OfAMCTSRp L >,927

9
20
21
21
23
24
25
27
24

«

26
30
M
31
£
32
33
35
34
AVfiRASE ADULT
36
37

38
39
40

42 43
44
46
OF LESS THAN
The Greatest
224. "And there arose also a contention among them, which of them was accounted to be greatest. 25. And he said unto them. The kings of the Gentiles have lordship over them; and they that have authority over them are called B enefactors. 26. But shall not be so: but he that is the greater among you, let him become as the younger; and he that ie chief, as he that doth serve. 27. For which is greater, he that sitteth at meat, or he that serveth.
that hath continued with me in my temptations; 28. and I appoint unto you a kingdom ; even as my Father appointed unto me. 30. That ye may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom; and ye shall sit on thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel."
Example of Jesus Could anything be sadder than, on the one hand, a revelation that one of these twelve men would betray their Lord this night, and, on the other hand, a

«500 WORDS.
Z
46
ANSWER 2160 miles. Although the moon is a small globe, # is a large satellite when we realize that the earth, to which it ha* longs, has a diameter of only 7427 miles.
NEXT: How caterpillars grew ap.
48
49
52
53
yw
POP—Everybody on Schedule
By J. MILLAR WATT
IVE CALLED TO SEE PHOEBE/
SHE'S
BEEN
EXPÉCTING
VOL)___
I
HOW DO YOU KNOW.
good:
K;
9
SHE'S
GONG#
our/
P

28. But ye are they
9
a c
m
• •
I

• •
i
I
V

5

r
n pÊ/m
#J H§M§
i


/


rjffl

#
y
%


Tl« Bell tynluate. lee
/0-23


###PAGE###3###



TABLE TALKS
HI be free to
the 10th of
to realize il marry Ken -
TpAeS/i and
Ghriatie’s Premium Soda Crackers made of quality ingredients, baked with Christie's traditional care, and rushed to your store to assure dependable freshnrs*. Get the economical 2-pound pack-Servc with soups, salads,
on
ALL-BRA » REALLY 1$ DELICIOUS ADD IT KEEPS US REGULAR.. JATURALLY

June.”
“If Janet Carstairs doesn’t derive to take him hurk,” Sully Burmun
“What <lo you mean crashed to the floor
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS

More About Honey
Now for more of those recipe*, using honey as a substitute for sugar, which we promised you.
HONEY SOUR CREAM COOKIES
2 eggs
1% cup* brown sugar 14 cup sour cream 6Vi cap* flour
Vi teaspoon salt 1 cup shortening 1 cup honey 1 teaspoon soda 1 cup nuth (pecans) rolled 1 teaspoon vanilla Cream shortening, sugar, honey and eggs thoroughly. Add sour cream, then sifted dry ingredients, walnuts and vanilla. Drop by spoonfuls on greased cookie sheet and h,.	v't
minutes. Corn syrup, preferably the white, may be substituted for the honey.
The




4
cup

'Nothing at all, darling. Why
It's just that
iti'il
get so < they had a perfectly deape rate before Ken came to New Yotk and saw you. You were a sort of rebound, you know, and that she’s back again, it




if you are troubled by constipation due to lack of the right kind of bulk' in your diet ? But remember, ALLBRAN doesn’t work like cathartics. It takes time. Eat it regularly and drink plenty of water. Get ALL BRAN at your grocer’s, in two convenient size packages, or ask for the individual serving package at restaurants. Made by Kellogg's in London, Canada.
case
Says Mrs. George H. Tremblay, Chicoutimi, Quebec: "I can tell you that I wouldn’t care to be without KELLOGG'S ALL BRAN The cause of constipation that's due to lack of the proper bulk is banished by ALL BRAN Yes, the best part of it is that it gives more than just temporary relief."
Why don’t you try ALLBRAN S "Bitter Way" to correc t the cause
•ge-
spreads—any food or beverage. And don’t forget, Christie’s Biscuit* are always welcomed hy the boys overseas.
now
looks like competition to me." "Perhaps some of her friends her that he was engaged How should I know?
now
m

wrote
»
to YOU
But I'd he uneasy if a rival like that came back into my terri-It's a free country, and
1 don't think
Christie’s H
PREMILM^^m
SODA CRACKERS
tory
all's fair in love Janet will surrender Ken without
a halite."

F. for 12 to 15

"Sally, you make me funou
You'll just a—a
what, telling me about Jerry and Ruth, suggesting things about Ken and Janet. You’re a cat. ' "Meow!” Sally laughed. 4TI1 pick up the pieces of this cup if you’ll move over. ^ ou ought to be careful. It's rare, an heir-

waitit-
I don’t know


’4&/'




v...//// /',
/// '
v/mw m MT90M* a

GINGERBREAD


• - ** -
% cup butter % cup brown sugar % cup sour milk Vfc teaspoon salt Vi teaspoon ginger % teaspoon cloves % cup honey 1 egg
1	teaspoon soda
1% cup of any good cake flour % teaspoon cinnamon
2	teaspoons baking powder Cream butter with honey and
sugar thoroughly. Add egg and mix well. Add sour milk and dry ingredients, which have been sifted. Bake in a moderate oven, about 350* P. for 25 minutée.
HONEY HERMITS 1 cup	butter
1	cup	honey
2	eggs
2 tablespoons milk 2 cups rolled oats % cup walnuts 2% cups flour % teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon baking powder % teaspoon soda 1 teaspoon cinnamon 1 cup chopped raisins Cream butter and honey thoroughly with eggs. Add milk, oatmeal and sifted dry ingredients. Stir in	nuts	and	raisins. Drop
from a	teaspoon	on	an
cookie sheet. Bake in moderate oven for 20 minutes.

\

à'mmm

\
tf

m
Red Cross

Help The
a hundred or two years
\
loom old, priceless.”
"1 hate heirlooms,” snapped So Janet might want


I



w

Ann
Ken back, might she? And Kuth i* going to marry Jerry in three
weeks
y

â>
Zr

i




Where do 1 come in
"It sounds like you sit on your own doorstep.”

%
Ann tried to keep from thinking of Sally’s words as she went with Ken to the dub dance had dressed with more than usual care. Her pale green net dress made her eyes more green and her hair more gold. It made her look young and lovely.
She was angry at herself. Once she had not been afraid—once she had faced life with her head up, confident, sure of herself. Now, when she had everything she was cringing.
She was John Marshall’s daughter—that had been proved beyond any doubt the background Farmington could demand. She had gone to Richmond to visit her father again and again and his friends had accepted her eagerly, nothing to worry about
And yet, here she was at the Country Club, looking at herself in the mirror . . . afraid. This girl, who had once been called a beauty, who had won applause and compliments, was afraid of a dark-eyed girl with an arrogant walk, because she had once been engaged to Ken.
She went toward Ken, her head high, meeting any challenge. She was going to marry him soon. Three weeks—if—if Janet • • • She didn’t dare think.
She and Ken were dancing now.
“Oh, there’s Janet!” A little murmur went around the ballroom.
Janet was standing in the doorway, as if deciding whether not to enter. Her late arrival was well timed.
Ken had said Janet was beautiful. Ann remembered how stunning the girl had looked in New York, but she wasn’t prepared for this.
Gorgeous, would have been Ann’s word ; and her startled heart skipped a beat. As she looked at Janet’s sleek black hair, coiled low in a knot, glittery brown eyes and daring gown, she knew she had never seen anyone quite so attractive. Janet was slim and straight, sure of herself.
“Ken, darling!” Janet came toward Ken, past the other couples as if they were not there. “And this,” her eyes sweeping over Ann carelessly, “is beautiful fiancee I’m hearing so much about.”
There wasn’t any resisting her boldness, her assurance. Later, when Ken was dancing with her, Ann knew a terror that she could not describe.
(Continued Next Week)
She
# SERIAL STORY
ANOTHER MAN'S WIFE
ECONOMICAL, TOO!
BY DONNA ASHWORTH
of finer rakes and biscuits with
'jç You’re sure Calumet. It s a double-acting baking powder. Actually lifts your baking continuously! First the mixing bowl, then again in the oven. Try Calumet today. It gives you three benefits—better
hadn’t seen her unrf. t?.nt morning in New York when he had met her by accident. But now she was back in Farmington.
as if startled
LAST WEEK: Ann u thrilled
lied her father. Ha comes to her, learns that, like her , she is marrying a man a proud, old family introduction of John Marshall as Aaa*a father brings an invitation from Ken’s mother.
in
She had all
He turned sharply, "Who told you?'* he care? The thought He had told her
The
1
baking—low price—economy.
Did

oiled
leaped at her that Janet meant nothing, but he had seemed rather elated about being with her that morning in New York.
"The girls were talking, about her at the party this afternoon. They said she was going to be at the Country Club dance tonight.
Ken?”
that l!ll!llll|||l||||||||||||||||||l|||llllllllllllll
ly that morning, that she had
seen too much to forget.
iM
LS2
She had
JANET RETURNS
CHAPTER IX .
The black coupe rolled down the avenue through the late afternoon sunshine, ended as he drove
“Janet Cavstairs is back in town.” Ann spoke quickly, for ahe had to know what Ken would any, remembering that morning in New York five months ago when she had seen them together.
Ken had explained everything about how he had once been engaged to Janet, but the engage -- nt had been broken. He hadn’t * really cared for the girl. They fed found definitely they were mot suited to each other. She fed gone to California and he

CALU M ET
baking powder
double-
acting
MUi Chum her* welcomes personal letters from Interested renders. She le pleased to receive suggestions topic* for her column, and Is v* ready to listen to your i:pet peeves." Requests for recipes or special menus are In order. Address year letters to "Miss Sadie II. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, To reel®." Send stamped self-uddressed envelope If you wish s reply.


Ken Richards
i ~


la she awfully pretty, She mustn’t let him know she had seen Janet so dear-
workshops to add their skill to Britain’s war effort, «ays British Industries Bulletin.
They are now fashioning cate parts for airplanes, tanks, ships, torpedoes and bomb.-, as well as surgical and precision n-struments
Some of them are as old as eighty; in one workshop alone there are as many as thirty expert craftsmen between the ai^cs of sixty and eighty. At least principal has returned from retirement with the others. Hu is R. C. Antrobus, who orga the jewelry trade for war in the last war.
It was Antrobus who, in 1030, offered £40,000 for the fair is Napoleon necklace which the 'Cm-peror Napoleon 1 presented to the Empress Marie Louis* on the birth of their son, the King of Rome, in 1811.
admir
iate requirements, and ably equipped with modern
cBinery.
fended, for the hilly suburb of Mutwai rises around and above the docks, and is heavily fortified with big guns. There is ample space to enlarge the present airdrome, and doubtless other airfields have been constructed.
The second key to the Indian Ocean is the naval port of Trinc-
Trinco—as it is univer-
Apple Snow
ma
The port is well de
#
i
en

He said the
Does the frequency of the phrase, “Serve with whipped cream,” in recipes ever dismay you a bit in these days of rising prj^es ?
There is an old familiar recipe which, used as “ersatz” whipped cream, will fulfill the requirements of a garnish in looks and taste, says H. S. E. in The Christian Science Monitor. Yet it is inexpensive, and a delight to the cook, because it can be stored in the refrigerator for days answer is Apple Snow, well known to many cooks as a quick, easy icing for cakes. Try it now on your favorite puddings, tapioca, butterscotch, chocolate; on gingerbread; cottage pudding, and sliced fruits, and see if the family isn’t delighted to meet this old friend in a new role !
Beat the white of one egg until stiff, but not dry. Add 1 cup (I’m using only 2/3 cup these days) sugar, gradually, beating all the while blended,	add	one	large	apple,
which you have scraped to the core	on	a grater,	putting	in a
little at a time, and still beating constantly. If it is not very stiff, you should add more grated apple until it is. Don’t be alarmed if the apple turns brown as you grate it, for it will turn white as again,	like	magic,	when
You	will	be amazed at
"Beautiful.” word quickly.
tiful as you, Ann||||||	H
worried août her, are you?”
"Worried?” She frowned a little. “No, I hadn’t thought of it like that. 1 only thought it mighj, be a little unpleasant with her here, you inow. Sometimes things get complicated Jerry were here, for instance.”
"That would be entirely dif-I wasn’t ever married to Janet. Don’t worry, darling.”
He swung the car into the driveway of the old-fashioned white colonial house. The grass was green. Long shadows from the trees made the lawn look

"But not so eau-You aren’t
;

SLACKS! SLACKS! SLACKS!
one
omalee
sally called—is normally a small town of some 10,000 people. It has a magnificent inner harbor, landlocked and covering four
square mile» water all round, in many places close in shore Trincomalee was bitterly contended for by the Portuguese, Dutch, French and British, and was finally captured from the Dutch in 1705 and ceded to the British in 1802. Ever since, it has been the naval ba.se of the East Indies
under an admiral,
As if
or
1
mm
mm!


ferent
IK

The

There Ls ample

vtov.'v.v: i



In former days,




##

inviting.
A moment later, with his kiss still warm against her lips, she stood on the steps, watching his car disappear down the street. Turning abruptly she moved into the house, looking with faintly smiling eyes at the interior, at the gleaming floors, the shining mirrors, the lovely old furniture, the mellow rugs.
"Hello, darling!” Sally called
1 thought you’d

##
4
!

»
i

3

ill
squadron working in with the Royal Indian
Navy
ned almost entirely by Indians, with a sprinkling of British offi-The sailors arc mostly re-
A FAMOUS BRAND
\
*
I
This latter force is man
%
#
Uqcfi
When perfectly
¦m


i
cers
cruited from up-country tribes around Bombay.
f


eus
FINE CUT
the
cheerfully bring Ken in.”




$
War Brings New
Customs In Food


Ann turned from the hall into the living room, looking at it with speculative eyes altogether perfect, rare and lovely old furniture—the sheen of an old silver tea service, everything as she had hoped it would be. Just as Ken had pictured this
W


It was
i
snow mixed
the quantity, if you are making it foi the first time, a tightly covered bowl

Two examples of changing conditions in the food markets have caught my eye during the last few days, writes "Polycritic” in an English paper. One is the number of horse-meat shops springing up everywhere; there are within a few yards of one another in a well known Soho street. The horse meat is "for human consumption only”, and costs a shilling for the best cuts other example was more pictur esque
facing Smithfield Market, 1 saw a swan hanging head down, in all its plumage. The price was one pound. You buy the whole bird or not at all

^ *


r
Store it in
Rules For Making
Radio Sets Last


mm
i
w
f
home.
"No, he had to go.” She dropped down in a chair beside the tea service, pulling off her gloves and flipping them impatiently across her knees. "Janet Car-stairs is in town, Sally. You remember—the girl who used to with Ken.”
"You’re not afraid, Ann?”
The question came darting through the shadowy room.
"Afraid!” She said the word
Yes, I think 1 am.
Port Of Colombo Island Of Ceylon
a

w
two
Radio sets can take some abuse, but not much. To make them last:
Cool 4*o




4
m

î
i*
mil
1.	Don’t put them next to a hot radiator or near any excessive heat
electrical contacts, warp wooden cabinets.
2.	Don’t jog or bounce sets unnecessarily. It can destroy the tubes and break connections.
3.	Don’t lej dust accumulate in the sets. It can ruin circuits on condensers end other parts, make abrasions and throw moving parts out of alignment.
4.	Don’t leave sets on unnecessarily, and especially be sure they are turned off if you are
from home a few days.
°co
3291

Ranks About Seventh Among Great Ports of The World

V.
F he

^fr-
it can soften or break


Pt
IE- «to
In a small butcher’s shop
go
Located on Big Hill Creek, Cochrane, Alberta, the Oxyoke Ranch, founded in 1887 immediately following the Riel Rebellion, is still maintained by W. Hutchinson, one of the founders. Comprising 10,000 acres of range land, the ranch annually grazes more than 1,000 head of fine beef cattle.
BRAND OF THE
The first key to the Indian Ocean is the	port of	Colombo,
Ceylon,	which	is	the	natural
clearing	house	for	the	commerce
of five continents, C. E. Elliott writes in Asia Magazine.
In peacetime, Colombo ranks about seventh among the great ports of the world. The harbor, protected by three breakwaters, is 850 acres in extent; has two 1 modern	drydocks	and	excellent
facilities for world wide shipping, with engineering shops close to the docks. Some years ago, the government constructed immense workshops at Dehiwela, near Colombo, far in excess of its immed-
Adopted for the Duration
By Louise Lennox
Girls working, and proud to do their part; working, and loving their working togs so well they keep them on for playtime too. They simply live in slacks.
Style No. 3291 is designed foi 12, 14, 16, 18, 20, 36, 38 Size 16 requires 3%
sharply
That’s what Ken meant, only he said ‘worried’. I wish she hadn’t
British Craftsmen Return To Benches
come.”
"Have some tea, my pet.” Sally poured it ftly. ||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
you something else to worry about. 1 just had a letter from Mary, and she was telling me about Jerry. She said Ruth Justice is figuring on marrying him just as soon as the decree is final. Isn’t it two or three weeks yet?”

And I’ll give
OXYOKE RANCH
pies
and 40.
yards of 35-inch fabric for slacks and 2% yards 35-inch fabric foi
blouse.
Send 20c for pattern to Room 421, 73 Adelaide St. West, To-Write your name, address
Be sure to
Craftsmen who made beautifully worked diamond brooches, bracelets and other examples of fine jewelry for the court of Queen Victoria are among those who have come back iro n rvtire-ineuft to their benches in London
away
The heat damages tubes and con-
nections.
If your set Is not working properly now, have it fixed while an adequate supply of parts is still available.
ISSUE 21— 42
ronto
and style number, state size you wish.
b
?
I can’t seem
"Three weeks.

¦
###PAGE###4###



Itts TP*CN
Of

THE EQUITY

A year ago this month
FRASERS
acquired the old established business of
NORRIS HORNER
During the year that has passed we have had the opportunity and real pleasure of serving a great many of the residents of Shawville and the surrounding district with
.« QUALITY MERCHANDISE "
at reasonable prices
%



r
4
i
1942
May :i>th
Shaw ville
Demand Completion of Highway No. 8 To Temishaming
Chamber*» of Commerce Quel>vc which held their semi
eting at Maniwaki Thursday, asked the Quebec Government t«i complete Highway s, from Sheen boro to IViniski-in ng so as to bring the districts of Hull and l'onii ac within access of the Tends-k uning area and thus improve the tourist attractions of all the districts.
The delegates also asked the Quebec Government to pave that portion of the highway already open, with a pennanent pavement.
Another resolution asks the Government to advise the Chambers of Commerce of any. projected movements to form fishing and hunting districts in Western Quebec an l to increase the number* of game wardens in the area so as to preserve game and fish
After a session at the town h all the delegates from Hull, Fort Coulonge, G race field, Maniwaki an l Buckingham were the guests of Hr. K. Leduc, M P., for Wright, at his Summer camp.
Aime (inertin. of Hull, w as re-elected president, with Mayor L. J. Raymond, of Maniwaki, as vice-president, and Jacques Boucher, of Hull, as sec treas.
Others present included : J B. Phar-and. K. Romain, P. Joan is, of Maniwaki ; W. P McConnery, Kgan South ; Oscar Lafreniere. J. P. Desjardins, Dr. Arthur Desjardins, and Rene Clement, of Oracefield.
:
f Wt stern an nu i!
Have You The Cash To Pay For Next Winter’s Coal
Now?
lilt
On tins First Anniversary we wish to take
to you our thanks
If not, discuss the question of a personal loan for the purpose with our nearest branch manager.
the opportunity to express and appreciation for your pationage and
have shown towards us
goodwill which you and we hope to have the pleasure, again
and again, of serving you with courtesy and
cheerfulness to the best of our ability,
Maniwaki
Many patriotic citizens are buying next winter’s coal now, following the suggestion of the Coal Administrator, who has urged early ordering of fuel because of the transportation difficulties with which Canada will be faced in the months ahead.
Delayed or reduced deliveries may occur if orders for coal are not placed in good time.
If you are without the ready cash, our personal loan service, available at any of our branches, may be of real help to you, and our local manager will welcome the opportunity of discussing your requirements in confidence.
Agents for
Renfrew Dry Cleaners
Prevent Losses in Young Pigs
In many respects, Canadian breeders of hogs are in an enviable p tsition in so far as they have excellent breeding stock, readily available feed, and an assured market, states the Wartime Production Series Special pamphlet. No. :U on “The Prevention of Commun Losses in Young Pigs. ' A'so, due t<> the efficient method of control and
eradication of serious contagious diseases which have been carried out by the Health of Animals Division, such scourges a* ling cholera rarely occur in the Dominion. There me. .nevertheless, several preventable conditions which when present cause lusse* and tints reduce or eliminate profits.
Nutrition i! anaemia, goitre rickets, and worm infection are very common causes of loss. The relationdip of the* * conditions one to another, i* probably closer than most breeders suspect. The first three are caused by a diet lacking essential substances, and one or more of these conditions present even in a *mall way, when combined with poor sanitation, make young pigs susceptible to common parasitic or microbicinfections. Another danger, not generally rec gniz ed, is the weakling or ‘ runt". Such an animal does not pay for its food and usually serves as a reservoir of worm* and other invaders. Eliminate such animals at birth. Information is given on the diseases mentioned in the pamphlet which may be obtained free by writing to the Publicity and Extension Division, Dominion Department of Agriculture, Ottrwa.
' cfine&lodincr and ~~ 'haberdashery A4* men and bot/s y
Erasers
ÆL A.FRA5ER SOM	k-/
;
BANK OF MONTREAL
[N, P.Horner’s old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE

ESTABLISHED 1817
Shawville Branch ;
G. A. McDOUGALL, Manager
Wit/erïnotéfo/tuf
to teach my
ch/Mrett/
"A BANK WHERE SMALL ACCOUNTS ARE WELCOME"
172

Tires Cannot be Given or Loaned
Vtub-r the tv w rubber tire, tube and retreading order of the Controller of .Supplies transfert o| new. i;s *d nr re treaded tires from one individual to another, whether by s de, gift or even loan, are specifically forbidden, only authorized dealers being permitted to engage in the lire business on any basis. This means that the consumer owner of a tire or tube of any kind must not transfer it to another consumer or mount it on the running w ht el or spare lim of a vehicle owned by another person. Two tire owner* cannot combine their tires in any way to opente one vehicle. Full information concerning this order is available at any office of the Wartime Prices and Trade Board, in each of which a Tire Rationing Representative is stationed.
//


SiSlSif
A
DALE’S TINSHOP

TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Take Special Care of Farm Machinery
There never was a time when there was such urgent necessity for conserving farm machinery and power.
Farm machinery of all kind* i>' capable of a long useful life, if given prop er care and repairs made when required, say the Agiicultmal Engineers of the Dominion Experimental Farms.
Here are a few helpful suggestions fur maintaining the life and efficiency of farm tractors, electric motors and other
BEATTY PUMPS
of all types
1AÆ
I
i
n

Vfe
I
/
Ki
'M
\

\
\x
Shawville Cemetery Donations
The Cemetery Improvement committee wishes to report to the people who have friends buried in the Main Street cemeteties either Anglican <»r I'n’ted, that the tine work they have cairied on f<»r several ye ira in cemetery upkeep will soon have to cease unless these friends come to their help soon. Several years ago a line donation of funds was received ; but since that time the surplus raided lias been drawn upon, as the annual receipts were not sufficient to meet ex pences. It takes about $300 a year to carry on this work of honor fur our dead and last year, to make our burying places beautiful, we spent $100 more than we received The committee can only do the work if they receive money to hire help, purchase tools, etc. and our only source of revenue is the gifts of the people. Since this committee took over this work, our cemeteries, that once were an eyesore in the community have become places of beauty ; and we are sure all desire U keep them so. Please send your donations in as soon as possible to Dr. l>. J. Campbell, who will acknowledge same by receipt and through the pages of the Equity. Do it now.
>x

i
m
Order now — present stock
cannot be replaced

V
power units.
Keep the motor clean, dirt rots spark plug wire and dm - other dam tge. Vse only the cleanest fuels, ni*s and greases. Service the air cleaner at least once a day and several times if working under very dusty conditions motor to warm up before applying a \* id
Avoid stop-start or short run operation as much as possible. Keep the ignition system in first class condition at all times check spark plug gaps frequently, keep valve clearances correctly adjusted and adjust carbuietor for best performance. The cooling system should be flushed out at least twice a year.
The instruction book supplied with the power unit or machine is the best guide for all items of service and operation.
X



Allow the

Don’t overload the tractor
PUBLIC NOTICE
PUBLIC NOTICE
"I’ve read how Hitler starts training his killers when they're toddlers. So I reckon it's up to me and every other Canadian mother to train our children to realize that they’ve got to pay for their freedom!"
"That's why I see to it that all my children buy War Savings Stamps every iveek. I tell them what freedom means—what the grownups are fighting for—that it s for them! So they've got to give up something too—and the money—$5.00 back for every $4.00 saved now—will come in mighty handy—when they start out on their own!”
In the mattkk ok the Estate of the Late Miss Matilda M. Mac
in her lifetime of the
In TH K M ATTER OK TH K ESTATE OF THE
Late Miss Aon eh Marjorie Hodg ins, in her lifetime of the township of Clarendon, spinster of lawful age.
Ail persons having claims against the above estate are requested to file the with the undersigned within
PARLANK
Village of Bryson, in the County of
P.'ntiac.
All [versons having claims against the ebove estate are requested to file the same within fifteen days with one of the undersigned.
Take care of the tires as they are now precious. While the wav continues there* will hardly be an}' imports of rubber.
With the problems of labor shortage and the difficulty, if not impossibility in some cases, of replacing farm power machinery, it’s important that farmers give more care and consideration to the machines and equipment than they ever did before It’s all wanted to keep up food production. Food is one of the most important items in the war.
same fifteen days
Likewise, all persons owing the above estate are requested to settle with the Executors forthwith.
Dated this 12th day of May. 1942.
Hurst HorxiiNH
Dated this twenty-second day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-two.
Tick Capital Trust Corporation 10 Metcalfe Street, Ottawa, Ont.

Yarm, Que
or
Thomas Hodoins
Cemetery Donations
Dr. H. T. Hurdman Bryson, Que.
or
H. C. Rowatt, N. P. Shawville, Que
Dr. D. y. Campbell, treasurer of the village Cemetery Improvement Fund, acknowledges with thanks, the following donations:—
Pontiac County Orange Assoc... $ 2 00
Mrs. Sam Sinclair ...........
Wm J. Armstrong...............
Wilfred Howes.................
Mrs. S. McDowell..............
R. J. Hamilton...............
Family of Elliott Robinson
Renfiew ............
0. A, Howard.................
Ed Richardson, Wakefield .....
Mrs, Henry Horner . . ........
SbiWville Women’s Institute. ...
or
-
H. C Rowat, N. P Shawville, Que.
Eggs Must be Marked
NOTICE

It is required by law that the Government grade mark shall be shown clearly with all eggs offered for sale in Canada. This grade mark is purchaser’s guide to quality. The best quality eggs are marked Grade A and are available in three sizes. Large, Medium and Pullet The quality in all three sizes is identical. In certain localities there is a limited supply of Grade A 1, which represents the finest quality fresh eggs from Government inspected flocks.
1 00
2 00
I have just received notice from the 2 00 Gilson Manufacturing Company that 2 00 they can supply me with a few of the. lower priced gasoline washers as low as •	3 00 #121.50. Order early as the supply is
2 00 limited.
. 2 00
l 00 Phone 36
. 50 00|
2 00
x

i
For service
Purebred Yr rah ire hog, imported by Dynes Service Ice, $1.00. Apply to G. A. Howard, Elmhurst Farm, P.D.F. Road,
National War Finance Committee.
\
CLIFFORD CONE
Shtwville, Que, i
7-S
L
###PAGE###5###
G>«£c/you cfo
chacun. L
Zepchafch.?
Service «.Announcements
Look Here
BOOT and SHOE
DEPARTMENT
Sunday, May 31 at
Shaw vii.i.a Unitrij Church ÜKV A F. Fr an B. A., B D. PaHoi
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost, etc.
11.00 a. m. Service at Shawville
SuVject:—
1


FOR SALK — Pure bred Yorkshire Pitt?, 6 weeks old, #4.00 each, eligible for registration ; |npern #1.00 extra. Af»p2> to Alex Haylky, Portage du Fort,
&
I
i
“Don't stop to pack


2 00 p. m. Service at Z on
Service at Stark's Corners I ^oe. Rhone 45 :i.
»
Specials in Summer Footwear
3 30 j* m 7.30 V m.—Service'at 8liawville


Z
WANTKI)—A good maid f«*r general housework, no cooking, good wage». Apply to Mis* L M. Manï.ky, <40 Parkd le Ave, Ottawa.

Subject: —
“The Corning Peace Offensive”
Set aside Sunday June 7th, Anniversary Service.

{)
The marked increase in sales in this department is significant that the assortment, the prices and the quality
all that can be asked for.
$
3

UL/jSS


LonT— Somewhere in Shaw ville on Saturday a purne containing % ftubfttantial Bum of money in bill» Finder kindly return to Thk KbuiTY. Reward offered


BristolUnited Church Lay Minister Mr. Leslie Dean 11.00 a. tn.—Service at St. Andrews
10.00	a. in. — Sunday School ?.30 i*. m. — Service at Knox.
8.00	p. m. — Service a; Austin

y
are

ry

%
$2.«r> to $3.ô0 B
$2 1)0 to $0,00 B
Men’s Heavy Work Hoots,
Men’s Black Oxfords..
Men’s Sport Oxfords
Hewitson » » tin lîutiles
Men’s White Oxfords, best quality.
Women’s Footwear
Fancy lies and gores, in black P^ntjea.bcr ^ ^
For Ladies’ Mid-Summer Wear
Sparkling fresh styles beautify your feet
Fuit Rent -- Comfortable dwelling
Apply to Mb» Phone 74
• e • •
• • • •

house on Main Street.
M Laxukobd, .Shawville
YOU WOULD BE PERFECTLY
i,fI """ ‘Met-

PASTURE for RENT— 100 acres in the Township of Bristol, well fenced with lots of water. Apply to T. J, Kkarnh, (juyon Que.
ANGLICAN
Kkv. K V. Bolton, B A., L Th
St. Paul's
Holy Communion—8.00 a. m.
Sunday School—10.00 a. ni. Morning Prayer—11,00 a. m. Evening Prayer—7.30 p. ni.
Holy Trinity
Sunday School—2 30 p. in. Evening Priyer—3 15
St. Lukks '
Sunday School— 1.30 p. nt. Evening Prayer
North Clarendon Parish Kbv I\ B. Stote. i i *vh trgc
Thorne Centre—
Sunda) Svh.nl—10.00 a m. > Moi ««L g Prajei iu 30 -t in.
GrtcrniouM : —
05 to $3 75 $4.75 to $5.50
LOST — Between Shawville and Bristol Cornera, one lock type gaa fank top. Kinder kindly telephone John L Hodoins Oarage, Shawville
Of course, you wouldn't operate This is only one outstanding feature your separator in the best room of of the Renfrew Separator. Others the house. This is just to impress you include the low supply tank, ease oi with the absolute cleanliness of a operation, close skimming __ Renfrew. Ho splashing of oil—no highest quality and performance at greasy, insanitary, fly-attracting mix- a reasonable price, ture of oil and milk, making a mess You can buy your Renfrew from the of both machine and floor. The oil man you know—Renfrew's own rep-necessary to the operation of a resentative in your neighborhood. Renfrew goes in at the top and re- He is responsible to you and we inside until it is time to stand behind him and all the Renfrew products he sells.
RANGES • HEATERS • WASH-RITES • TRUCK-SCALES • INCUBATORS
and
LOST—On Portage du Fort road, on or about April 24th, a logging ch «in. Finder kindly telephone Kensktii Pirik, lî. 1, Shaw ville. Phone 10—23.
I
FOIL KENT—Good business stand with or without living quartern. Apply to Murray Bros., Shaw ville. Phone 77.
•2 00 p. in

White and Tan Saddle White and Tan Gorea White Oxfords White Sport Oxfords White and Tan liullius
mains change it
/

v
FOR SALE—i Cocksbutt Seed sower, 13 di.-c, G inch cur, almost new will be sold reasonable. App y to DANIEL
Drvmmo.m». Weir>teaü Que.
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED RENFREW ONT.
ST.JOHNS P. Q.
REGINA SASH.
SUSSEX N.B.

>
Several good used Separators to clear
at reasonable prices
WANTED—A uiidil'v Aged woman tnclo light h'-Uh? work awl companion for aged couple Apply in person to Mus. A. S. Smart, Main Street, Shaw ville.
Evening Prayer—3 00 p ni Chuneria—
Evening I'rayr—M 00 p. m North ihislow: —
Clearing Lines of Tennis Shoes
Men’s, Women’s and Children’s
LEO R. KEON
M
Tue>d *} June 2nd Evening Prayer—8 00 p. in.

DISTRICT liEPR ES EN TAT IV E
McKee - Quebec
FOR SA LE —Certified Green M oun
tain Potatoes. Apply to J. It
Dowell, Phone 11-12
M<
Cleaiin" odds and ends of Women’s lootwvir
°	$1.39
If your size is
$ l 9.»
Bristol Memorial Church
Presbyterian
Urv. Wallace MacKinnon, It. A. Divine service—11.00 a. in
the bargain counter ....
on
WANTED —M ti«l f- r general house Apply at 50 Craig Street,
White oxfords and gores.
here they are a bargain at
work Ottawa, Ontario
Vlaukni) n United Chvr< a Rev. H. Oiil Steers, It.A , B.D„ pastor
Uev. Dan. Mr Ivor, M A., B D. Member of Parliament for Fort \\ illiain, Ont, a ill preach ou Sumiay, M»y 31st, Ht the fallowing upMuiutmentu in the
United Church.
lUdfonl —11.00 a. m. • Norman—H 00 p m.
Yarm —8.00 p. in.
Ti e Pastor will tak*- chargeef .services at the other appointments.
Wesley—1 I 00 a. in.
Bristol—3.00 p rn.
For Beautiful
Cemetery Memorials
BRAY CHICKS
¦ill
Seeding Time
Write or phone
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont

Why bother with money order? and letter-writink? Place your Bray Chick oid.fr through the undersigned. Personal attention-prompt delivery-and the uiu il Bray high
uality.
JOHN MacCREDIE
Quebec
$3.00
Golden Glow, per bushel Longfellow, per bushel.... Hybrid 606, Wisconsin Corn
!
Phone, 278
3.25
• • •
Seven Out of Fifty
Occasionally we see a person with a small dark disc in his ear, and know he is deaf, but for each such person, there are dozens who should have a hearing aid. The dozens who do not have the aid may not realize that they have become deaf, as the condition developed so gradually as to make them unaware of it. Others realize their condition, but are foolishly sensitive about wearing something that will help them again catch the full sound of the world’s voices. One young person out of 75 has difficulty hearing in church, at lectures, and dinner table conversation. Among persons over 50, every seventh one has similar hearing difficulty.
5.75
Maryland
t
ESTABLISHED 1883


COACH
I N VA LI D

Wilson’s Garage
GEO. HYNES & SON
Tf\e Same Reliable Service
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
C/Shawville Oue.
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Ford Service
Phone 80
‘Bends’ Cure
Planes soon will fly at heights of eight miles or more—but medical sciefice has come to the aid of men who pilot planes and who will be subject to “bends,M cramps induced by such altitudes.
Dr. Walter M. Boothey of the Mayo’s aviation medicine research laboratory said that increased precautions for the safety of pilots would be needed.
Medical science already has decreed preliminary decompression of all high altitude fliers before they take off. New types of oxygen masks have been developed also, he •aid.
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
J. P, Wilson
Main Street Shawville Quebec
Phone 40


^ V
W VA \
i



| Worley's Service Station
IMPERIAL
IQ
?
u
a
Arriving Shortly


Cars of
Ï
OATS,
QUAKER FEEDS,
WHEAT and BARLEY
PURPLE GASOLINE
for
WANTED
Special price off the car Phone your order early
Blue E,„ Str.tfhte.t	|	W0,k
A soldier with blue eyes can shoot dus try fifty miles outside
sr.ïtârzzüs'z m™, b. w,w,c„
officers of the United States marine the ages of eighteen and forty, corps. If this is so it might give | this nation at least one important i advantage in any shooting war with status, birthplace of father
ra,«.a m.*.,, h««b,.
blue-eyed. A brown-eyed marks- ancJ age to Box 145 ‘Shawville, man, it is said, is likely to be both- - e ered by shifting lights and shadows Que. or drifting clouds. He may make a '
fine score under the most favorable	...	,	^
conditions, but his aim tends to War Work will not be con
waver when heat waves make the ! • iA 1 target dance.	sidered.
»

Tractors
Washing Machines
and
Stationary Engines
Complete line of Seed Grains in stock

SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg-
In reply please state marital
z
Telephone 126 SHAWVILLE
$
Procurable without ration cards
CRICK
I
Applicants now engaged in


I
a
B
0
?
a
###PAGE###6###






*








<
Commentary on Current Events

THE WAR - WEEK
Message Of Good Cheer Given By Prime Minister Churchill
J	be decided only by the utmost
?Wort and at heavy cost. But the long, long retreat, at least. Is ending. Slowly crime, murder and aggression are calling up against themselves the terrible logic et history, se they have done eo often in the past. It was that fact which Mr Churchill announced to the world, and announced in particular to the German and the Japanese people. He showed them that they are already far on the road to a frightful catastrophe, of which they are the only au there and which can be averted only if they change their course. And he spoke with the authority of events,
tii
Prophecy In the midst of a world struggle of such titanic dimensions si this, according to the New York Times, is necessarily perilous, hut it may well be that historians, looking back, will place ths definite turning point of the war In the spring of this ysar. Ws are too close to such events of recent days as the British eels-of Madagascar, the dramatic reversal in the Battle of Burma, or the stunning blow dealt to the
Japanese®*
Battle of the Coral Sea. to be able to estimate clearly, their longer significance. Indeed the full score on both aide* in Burma or the Coral Sea has yet to be counted, and in neither case is the episode definitely closed. Yst so far
judgs now the naval
action northeast of Australia was a setback to Japan of the first dimensions. Such s rate of losses, certainly, could not be long sustained, . .


4




Thers echoed through Mr. ill's grimly measured sen
_____ yesterday sll of the old
determination, ths old force and fliwt backed by a new confidence a new authority, says The Mew York Herald Tribune. It was the unanswerable authority of évita. Not, perhaps, since hie blast-g address to the Italian people M the last days of 1940 has the Prime Minister spoken with quits thfc ring Dealing with ths long latervening succession of periods, Safest* and anxieties, he has not
can
drastic new regulations








Ov*
retreaded, and used
restricting sales of new, tues, new and used tubes, and retreading set\ icvs


ARE NOW IN EFFECT
iiEWSiSi
What may ba bou&t:	How purchaatê may ba made:
-ssatasaa »5£|
office of Wartime Price# end Trade Board: (For used tire or used tube, see
Class “C”).
wass,Jar'SSwjSSfSS
time Price* end Tfede Boerd: (For used tire or used tube see b« low).
A vehicle owner in this class may buy only used dree or used tubes. He must prove necessity to any authorise! dealer end fill out with the dealer a Purchase Certificate. Classes "A" and "B may alao buy used tires and tubes under the
seme conditions.
Man able to
Through the two long years ainae the collapse of France the Brlttoh and their Prime Minister have had to apeak out of dogled n WÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKÊÊKM aide#. But now at last the weapons
coming into their bands; they partners of a mighty alliance, aad the authority with which Mr. Churchill again adresses the en-y peoples Is an authority which may all begin to share. Leas
one doubt that 1942 to the crucial year, that we are already witnessing — from the thunders of the artillery over the Oral Sea all around to the crash of aupei¦‘bombs on western Germany—-the first stages of the greatest and perhaps the most decisive battle in history, and that the next few weeks and months will, as the Australian Premier has put It, shake the world.
VOICE
and little be-
ds## Who may buy:
"A** Physicians,
Visiting nurses, Firefighters,
Police,
Certain trucks, etc.
courage
THE
O F
PRESS

TO BE STOPPED
From the standpoint of economy In the use of gasoline, the warning of the Oil Controller against using trucks to carry groups of passengers on Sunday eatings is well justified. Such vehicles are not subject to the strict rationing which applies to
and loading them
"B" War

Technicians War supply inspectors, Taxi owners, etc
than ever can

Used tires, used tubes.
"C" Food
the
naval forces in
inspectors,
Scrap buyers, Travelling repairmen. Rural school teachers, etc.
nger cars,
^ with holiday-makers is a subtle way of getting around the spirit of the law. There will be séant sympathy for any truck who finds his licence can-
sailed because of much practices.
—Windsor Star
full gswsyfSBff obta,nable
mmmaea ¦
including all tires and tubes no longer serviceable.
Department of Munitions and Supply
HONOURABLE O. D. HOWE, MINISTER, OTTAWA
TIMS—THEY ARE PROBABLY THE LAST YOU WILL
hat* until the war is over
as we can
Mr
At this solemn moment, OBurchUl paints a picture of the 1 atluatlon far better than - , amid the ahattering fall of the Western World two years could have dreamed that It womld be; far bettter than one ooaki have hoped a year ago, when we lu the United States ¦till tangled in our contain d experts were predicting the end of Russia in a space of iks; better than one feared Id the defeats at Pearl Harbor tad In the ensuing months; better at some points than many teday suppose. His promise of a bine offensive by American aa well as British planes is even e formidable than one had ex peeled; hie statement that even yet there Is no evidence that the Mills have succeeded in massing s lew Russian offensive is surprising. and hie statement that HlUer has “certainly" expended lives in Russia already than Osnuiny lost in the whole course et the first war to startling.
marriage deterrent
The rush of war weddings apparently may bring drastic measures to Washington. There the effiee ef price administration has suggested that bakers stop slicing bread. This proposal purportedly Is offered as a means of saving
«tone, labor and paper.
If the proapective bride is well aware that she may have to slice bread, she will think again about
that lad before he goes Why, one of these days «hay might even ask her to bake
—Guelph Mercury
NO FRIENDS LEFT
Belgium, regarded as more toes complaisant since the German occupation, now la report# d aflame with revolt, the people having become sickened with the behavior ef their conqueror#, there is not one corner ef the aecupied lande ef Europe where «be Nazis ean count any real
Niagara Falls Review
“HOME 1CKM FINALS Those in a position to do so, provided they measure up to the physical and age requirements, should join either the reserve or aetive army, or, as ono soldier puto it bluntly, "the playoffs in Ibis war may he on home loo."
—Kitchener Record
any one
ago.
With each day that passes, Mr. Churchill seems to be more and correct in calling Hitler a attack upon Russia last June a “fatal blunder." The blood bath through which the Nazi tyrant has already taken the German people Is appalling and the end is in sight. It is not too muoh that Mr. Churchill's radio
more
not
to say
speech was the most confident me has made since he assumed offio* He has been confident, it 1» true, but previously him conii-that of a man who
marrying
to war
CONSERVE YOUR

before; dence was knew only that England never
could be conquered; today it is the positive confidence of a convinced that Germany can he and perhaps even now is being defeated. Mr. Churchill, for would never have talked as he did of aerial bombings; he would never have taunted Hitler dor his failures, as he did, or warned him so bluntly against resort to potosa gas, unless he were eonvlnoed that the United Nations now held at least air equality and, would hold a growing air mastery.
and
explosives,
chemical plants also are drawing increasingly on female labour. IB of the most interesting of ths publicly-owned enterprises, m women are working on pans
and the assembly of tank l
finders, and Ere
Shell-filling,
.
More Women !n War Work
years, and perhaps Mr. t ef all, have had their countrymen that
It was getting late. But when Mr. Ohurohill said, 'It is mow the tenth Sf Mag and the days are passing," he meant for the tiret time that tt warn getting late tor Hitler. gHttr* may shrike a till, at any t and terrifically; but with
ei
t#
one
3
ample»
Make Delicate Instrumente After Few Week# ef Training
•oopee, range control devices
And marriage is no bar now in temporary Civil Service positions, in one month alone the Jlvil Service Commission took on ah most equal numbers—322 and 111 respectively of typists and stenographers for employment In and outside of Ottawa.
There is developing a keen demand for university women who have had advanced training ui mathematics, chemistry, or radio, to fill vacancies with the Inspection Board of the United Kingdom and Canada. Several hundred women already are employed with this board to inspect gun barrels, carriage pails, fire control instruments, explosives, and radio « parts. And the demand for women** with technical education and training is steadily increasing.
When these hints
it such momentary good as the initial success in the Oeral Sea or the astonishing reef General Stillwell's
~lMt” Chinese army in Burma, M to difficult to doubt that events at last upon their remorse-march toward a tremendous . one may never lor a mo-,1 forget that the issue of that is as yet undecided, and
are seen
Quiuda's army of women du
eetiy engaged in war industry numbers tens of thousands. Ttos proportion of women to men IB the various branches of munitions varies widely according to too nature of the work; In some Instances it Is as low so three per cent, In others as high as 60cent.
In aircraft factories women's work Is growingly essential and significant. Once, in the early days of the big oxpanslon, they were used on “womans work only”, such as sowing of fabric airplane wings and fuselages. Now, they do much of the elec-trkal wiring, the rivetting and welding, and the fitting of subassembly work.
lor growing confidence that t àeàde him book le not the
ce
4+slre to nkAiM^ hie moment, bui
t he nae at last lost to choose hie moment.
soon
Not least among the ground# for hope in Mr. Churchill's speech hi# reference to the time element. Democratic statesmen to

In eosunenting on Mr. Churo-blil's warning to Germany against gke use ef poison gas, The Lon-
press said :
“The tost thing in the world the ittoh people want to see is the ef poison gas again. They would sooner their victory cost toem tO years of hard fighting toan win In one year by the use
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
«en D*Uf
I*
IT ISN’T REASONABLE
Detroit woman has divorced her knsband because he had a habit ef getting home late—six months tola m 1940 and five months late
bet JtarJHpÉBi
keep the plates in the even

MM-

gun

of gae
After all, a woman
“‘But If the Germans start the of gas then Britain to equip-to reapond. Churchill many has been right In his warn-of events at hand in the No one will ignore his solemn warnings of gas warfare. . .
“Tbs gangsters who rule Ger-¦sany are desperate. Maybe they will not heed this warning from Britain. Let the German people heed it

&
y
Wis à
Women are making intricate and delicate instruments after only a few weeks of intensive training
head and hand work in making
which the lives

jest so long
Windsor Star TWO GOOD REASONS Lord Beaverbrook says that is may settle the war for us this year. Let# hope *,?, but in ms meantime let us also work blazes to help her settle H and also in case she doesn’t.
—Kingston Whig-Standard
% K m
4 V
Citizens Of U.S.
Get Ration Books
• *
are combining
More
• •
t

parachutes, on of airmen often depend. For certain kinds of work, requiring delicacy of touch, the hands of wo-
defter than men's. They
'TA
Ration books were issued to individuals last week for ths first time in the history of the United States when registration for sugar allotments began.
by a | war-War Ration
DAY
men are
exhibit greater patience, too, in operations that demand accurate and repetitive movements.
To Ration Candies In Great Britain
FIRST CONTRACT Ths coming of war to New gnism brings to light interior
Wtbes which had no previous con-
Ws hops
Made necessary caused shortage,
Book No. 1 insures every man, woman and child an equal amount
The book also® uas
S
As an example of the opportunities for women in war work, one of the largest automatic gun plants in the world, situated in Ontario, employs women to operate lathes, and barrel turning machines. At another factory, established with Government capital and owned by the people, a high percentage of women are working in the machine shop making Lee Enfield rifles. In the Dominion Arsenals thousands of women and girls are turning out millions of rounds of small arms ammunition.
Food Minister Lord Woolton announced that chocolates and other candies will be rationed, starting July 27. sonal ration boo to facilitate distribution.
Lord Woolton said the decision the result of appeals by the
vyith civilization, like H.
of sugar been designed for possible rationing of other products.
The basic ration for the immediate period is half-pound a week for each person, although actually each person will be allowed slightly more than that amount in the initial period from May 6 to lti when stamp No 1 will be good for a pound. Sugar sales to individual have bee a prohibited since April 28.
r,

&
Winnipeg Tribune
milling machines,
IJ
A new perk will be issued
«I

Millions Of Bees
Travel By Train

I •
was
public and dealers for more equitable distribution of available supplies. Candy nations dor the armed services will be dealt with separately and there will be a special book for children.
One hundred million bees will toavel by train during this year’s baa shipping season, according to etficials of the Canadian National Depress The season extends ton late April until early July, aad the value of the bee-import-tog business this year promises to weed that of last season.
During the 1941 season, 2,594 tes of bees passed through
Each crate has
e-27
/V<
, 1 hardly had time ts
-| didn’t like the sudden way it ended. . .
put my shoes on.
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Mighty Casey, *r.
*
STEE-RIKE
THU-REE
is

harder points
three hives, sometimes called packages, each of which contains tore and one-half pounds of bees. With five thousand bees to the pound, an estimated total of 97,176,000 bees were imported through the Montreal gateway. Of this number, almost ninety y*r cent were turned over to the Canadian National Express for reshipment to Quebec Honey Producers
Shipments «one mostly from Georgia and Miosissippi, although occasional
from Nevada and A a
\
f °

k.
Ajusté
S

Sign ed

, / -vS** SLUP
t	—

I •
V

» .
lL/s
s
%



*


to
)
I

«• i
Z
a
$
v.



r
of certified bees
4» V



••
• ••

IJgJUJJJt
Z
lots come hema.






-


###PAGE###7###
i
j
4
\
\
4
\
New Regulations Regarding Tires
C.P.R. HEAD RESIGNS
HOW CAN I?
r

HELP CANADA KEEP FIT


Q How can 1 make a violet talcum powder?
A. By mixing 14 ounces of powdered talc, 1 ounces of powdered orris root, %-ounce extract of cassia, Mi ounce extract of Jasmine.
Q. How can I test the grade of gasoline?
A. Pour a little gasoline Into the palm of the hand; If It e?-aporates quickly and leaves the hand dry and clean, It Is high grade. If It evaporates slowly and leaves a greasy deposit, It Is poor grade.
Q. How can I keep the pie crust from getting too brown before the filling is quite done?
A. If the crust U browned sufficiently before the filling Is done, merely cover the pie plate with a pan, or another inverted pie plate, and continue cooking.
Q. How can I make a polish for
black or tan shoes?
A A few drops of lemon Juice dropped on the shoes followed by a brisk rubbing with a soft cloth will give a splendid polish.
Q. How can I make rag rugs last longer when they start to fray at the edges?
A. Take ordinary wrapping string, and, after cutting off the fringe on the rug. crochet an edge the rug about one and on» half inches wide. This adds to the appearance and the rug will last much longer.
y
X
7
Order Tightens Control Over New Tires end New Tubes


%
/ /
A A
It
/ /
Retreaded and used tires, used tubes, and retreading services, as well as new tires and new tubes, now under rigid control, according to an announcement by Hon. C. D. Howe, Minister of Munitions and Supply.
Effective May 16, the new order is designed to conserve Canada's rubber supplies for war purposes, to prevent hoarding, and to keep essential vehicles, including farm trucks and implements, in operation as long me possible.
The order tightens the previous control over new tires and new tubes. It sets up three classes of eligible vehicles, "A,"	B,"
and "Cf on a sliding scale gauged according to the usefulness of the vehicle to a co .itry at war, and it rules out the 1,000,000 or more motorists who are no longer able to buy even a used tube.
When a dealer has two or more orders for a similar tire or tube, and he cannot fill both orders, he must give preference to the owner of a vehicle in a higher class.
Owners of vehicles in Class "A" are permitted to buy new tires, new tubes, retreaded tires, retreading services, used tires or used tubes. In this class are such vehicles as cars used by physicians, cars belonging to clergymen who serve two or more congregation * more than three miles apart, cars used by clergymen in sparsely settled districts, trucks for road repairs, trucks for carrying farm product* and foods, fire fighters' vehicles, police vehicles, and farm tractors and harvester combines, other than automobiles and trucks, for the operation ef which tires and tubes are
W
I

m y
F

are
H
F
# i. * *

'<56
a

Health authorities agree that whole grain cereals on essential “protective" food In peace or war. Nabisco Shredded Wheat U a whole grain
100% whole
wheat. In which all the bran, wheat germ and minerals are retained. For general fitness, keep well nourished. Enjoy Nabisco Shredded Wheat with milk at breakfast every day.
TMl CANADIAN SHRIDDCD WHEAT COMPANY, ITD.


\


m
f

Resignation of Sir Edward Beatty as president of the Canadian Pacific Railway is announc-Sir Edward remain# chairman of the Board.
i
ed
NABISCO
Modern Etiquette
1.	What Is the most popular trend In weddings of today T
2.	When a girl has been dining In a public place with a man, and Is leaving the table, should she begin to put on her wraps?
3.	Ilow should friend# and rfl-atives respond to an announcement of a birth?
4.	When a bride has no family, near relatives, nor guardian, who should pay her part of the wedding expenses?
6. Is It proper when eating to lay a whole slice of bread in the palm of the hand to butter It?
6. Is It ever permissible to bring a guest when Invited to an affair?
Answer#
1. Outdoor weddings are becoming more and more popular. They are much more picturesque and easily managed than Indoor weddings. The weather should, of course
&Uon when planning an outdoor wedding so that It will be possible to get everything quickly under cover at the first hint of rain. 1. No; she should watt for her escort or the waiter to assist her. g. By writing note# of congratulation, by calling on the mother, or by sending flowers to the moth-or a gift to the baby. 4. In this ease the bride should meet these expense# herself. 6. No. Break off a small piece of the bread and butter It with the butter knife, and if there 1# no butter knife, butter K with the other knife. The whole piece of bread should never be buttered all at once. I. Only when tne permission of the hostess has been asked In advance.
Iron’s
THE'r'ïAt
SHREDDED WHEAT
on
o*
Have You Heard?
Hitler’» War*
The court trial was proceeding very smoothly until the lawyer attempted to bring out the important pointe of a conversation that Pat had had with the defendant
“Now, then,” said the lawyer encouragingly, “please tell the jury what you and the defendant talked about/1
“That Til do," replied Pat “We talked about ten minutes."
“No, mo!" interrupted the lawyer. “I mean what did you and the defendant talk over?"
“Oh, that!" replied Pat calm-“Sure, and we talked over the tiliphone, air."
¥
“Hitler ha# overrun and occu-
I
What Science Is Doing
led most of Europe, says The
Y Times. He has disarmed its garrisons, subdued its peoples, dispersed its governments, robbed Ms banks and eaten up its food. He has not conquered a single
He cannot leave un-uaided a single door he has uret open
t »
%
i
i #
BERYLLIUM
As Germany’s metal stock piles dwindled under the drain of months of war, urgent and mysterious requests for beryllium were received In the United States, states an article In National Geographic Magazine. These rush orders came ostensibly from Swiss watchmakers metal, many pounds of It shipped at once to Europe by Clipper.
»
country
f
Until now he has gained nothing by his enormous efforts but new enemies. He has only to look at Yugoslavia after a year of 'subjugation’ to see that the business of conquest is always unfinished business. Hitler’s wars never end.”
\
/
CHEWING
TOBACCO
n
iy
tlal
They wanted the
Owners of vehicles in Claes “B” are permitted to buy retreaded tires, retreading eerrteee, used tires and used tubes. In
be taken into consider-
Farmer’s wife (t# druggist)—“New he write plaie oa the bottl which is for Hemk mad whleh ie fer the horse. Wouldn’t
Now, beryllium le a modern miracle metal and one of the increasingly Important H least-known sinews of mechanical war. Less than two percent of It by weight, If alloyed with copper, will make that soft red metal se had It will cut steel. Used In springs and In diaphragms of delicate instruments beryllium alloy* stick te their Job even under fiercely corrosive conditions. In tests made under a salt spray, springs of beryllium oopper have gone on functioning long after their sprlngiteel rivale have broken.
"Hope springe eternal and ee does beryllium,” might he this metal's slogan.
Such Spartan refusal te quit la the pinches has given beryllium a small but crucial part in the vital# of today's mechanical armies, air fleets, and navies. It serves In the sensitive Are control apparatus which alms big guns and in other military equipment a# secret that details cannot be given here.
• e e
this class are rural mall cards—.
€
Fares Refunded
passenger cars or trailers used principally for the transportation of produce and supplies te and from his farm by a person whose principal occupation la farmiM, and who owns no truck, and
Britain Depend» On Rubber From Ceylon
It's true Britain didn’t build important stockpiles and has few facilities for reelaiming rubber but, id Ceylon is held, Britain's rubber situation won’t be te#
dire, may# Newsweek. ----------
estimates wartime rubber requirement# a* about 160,000 tens • year, and rubber exports Ceylon alone last year to 88,937 tons. Experts say that with heavier tapping, the Warn## output oould be eonsriderabîy ta-
iflhcr

on
went nothing le happen to

USED CAR PURCHASES
that horse before spring
seeding.”
Stepping out of a luxurious cap, a middle-aged woman, dressed in expensive fun, approached the sentry and asked if she could speak to her soldier son.
"He ie a tall young man,” she explained, “rather good-looking,
called dar-
tre
Owners of vehicles in Clans “C” may purchase only used and used tubes. Included In this class are vehicles used principal# in the course of their duties the following: Farm or 1 products inspectors, dentiste optometrists who serve more one community, scrap buy sheriffs or other law enfo officer, servicemen who farm machinery, rural teachers, rural undertakers, amd newspaper reporters, ered in this class are horse-drawn vehicles and farm implements the operation of which three ntial.
heat-treated
Buy that good u»ed ear whore prices are the lowest
All cars reconditioned and have
excellent Tire»
Our reputation your guarantee
Ivondon

a
with blue eyes, and once Montmorency.
The sentry i know,” he said, his head around the door, he shouted, you're wanted.”
, her. ”i ec, putting s guard-room m, Stinks#,
stopped
L
BUICKS
88 Huick Cabriolet, 6 whis. $298
84 Buick Coach ---------- 348
34 Buick Sedan ...»
88	Buick Sedan ...»
7	Buick Sedan ...»
8	Buick Coupe, 6 Past
8 Buick Sedan ......
89	Buick Sedan ......
49 Buick Sedan .........
41 Buick Super Sedan .
HEVROLET
7 Chevrolet Coach ...
Coach ....
25
Toothpaste Tubes
346
curtailed r*j ; r« monte.
_____	498
....	648
!
Also
Sixty used toothpaste tubes eontain enough tin to solder all the electrical connections in a medium sized bomber, according te Wide World.
745
The movie usher was in the
BraaU le the only South country that deelared war Germany during the Great Was.
745
dentist's chair.
Pen list—New, Miss, which tooth la giving you all the trouble?
845
can
___	995
1498
ï
Second front the
Usher
578
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
left im the balcony, she
728
Sedan
Sedan
(bach
Coach
745
plied
But beryllium’s biggest use now it In airplanes, for parts whose failure would mean disaster. The metal plays Its llfe-or-death role In the motor and Instrument panel of every American warplane those of every other major power —provided they can get K.
Henoe the eudden urgent needs of "Swiss watchmakers” aroused a healthy suspicion in the United #tatee, particularly stnoe a few pounds of beryllium, alloyed an
ess
896
tee
845
let
An elderly farmer often dri into a central Michigan village with his horse and
of the boys like to --------
behind the buggy with their wa#. ons. When the driver wishes hie horse to speed up, he simply shakes his buggy whip over the equine's back.
One boy, who was breathlessly telling hie father about the fun,
"and Daddy, when
995
fl/MMER school
ECZEMA SUFFERERS
BCZEMA AND ALMOST Itchy conditions, quick guaranteed with Arthur 1 Ointment, Otty Hall Dru| Queen Weat, T
*—	HELP WANTED
BABY CHICKS
_____	DESOTO
Ff"Chrysler 6 Sedan .....
89 Chrysler Sedan ...
87	Desoto Sedan .....
DODGE — PLYMOUTH
Dodge Sedan .......
Dodge Coach .......
Plymouth Coach ----
40 .Plymouth Coach ..
40 Plymouth Sedan ...
FORD — MERCURY
86 Ford Coupe .......
86 Ford Sedan -------
86	Ford Coach .......
87	Ford Coach .......
39	Mercury Sedan ------
40	Ford Coach .........
-HUDSON — TERREPLANE
84 Hud. 6 Ter. Sedan ..
87	Ter. 6 Sedan ..
40 Hud. 6 Sedan ..
- NASH
36	Nash 6 Sedan ..
40 Nash 6 Sedan ..
OLDS
,	86 Olds Sedan ----
36	Olds Sedan »---
37	Olds Sedan —...
88	Olds Sedan ----
40 Olds Sedan ----
PACKARD
32 Packard Cab.....
37	Packard Sedan ....
38	Packard Sedan ....
PONTIAC
86	Pontiac Sedan .
36 Pontiac Coupe ....
38	Pontiac Sedan ..
89	Pontiac Coach ..
89 Pontiac Sedan ....
40 Pontiac Coach ..
40	Pontiac Sedan ....
41	Pontiac Coach ..
41 Pontiac Sedan ....
STUDEBAKER
87	Stadebaker Sedan
89 Studebaker Sedan ........	-
Y
work In new upper school ms noetic* end science; (*) tu in upper school English ant ology; (I) tuition in the No School subjects; (4) clesew handicrafts, choral reading
Thousand Island Vacation For Information Wilt# th retary, Mia Ian a Summer I Midland, Ontario, or in T phone Hyland 2684.
396
buggy. Soma
* ‘Tilteh 09*
and started pullets ror June. Let's have your orders for these, summer chick», now. Bray atchery, ISO John, Hamilton,
825
546
oron
S
548
i
665

695
WANTED Muskoka Apply to Nurses.
nt
846
NOTE THE T WEDDLE CHICKS wherever you go. No one knows Tweddle chick» quite a» well as the ons who purchases them. They know their profit making ability. One million and a quarter Tweddle Chicks were sold In More are being sold this year. We have 1» purebreede, I hybrid crosses, 4 breeds of turkeys and 1 hybrid breed of tur-
from. FREE Chick Hatch-Fergue, Ontario.
895
it It with 91 or 91 p«rotai of cop-

WANTED AT MUSKOKA pttal, Uravenhuret, hous waitresses. Experience not essary. Apply to J. T. Murn
per, would make enough watofc» epringe to supply the whole world. P.8. They didn’t get their beryl
445
exclaimed Mr. Brown wants old Dobbin te
626
686
'step on if he just shakes the
OUTBOARD MOTOR
W 6 H P. NEPTUNE. BAR 160.00. Write Advertiser lenwood Avenue, Toronto.
476
1841
aerial over hie back.”
Hum
CARS — USED AND NEW
746
i
846
%
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS U4 Toronto's oldest Chrysler, Fir#-
s.r %% lomëotoi2ï
SL and 1650 Danfortb AvemBa Our Used Cars make us seamy friends Writs for our Free Booklet on | alyzed use
key
to choose gu*. Tweddle Limited
10,000 Eyes
"1 hope, dear, that you get up when you’re called,” wrote the fond mother to her boy In the Army, "end don't keep the regiment waiting breakfast for ye*.”
oatalo
eriee.
196
PATENTS
646
FETHEKSTONHAUUH * COMP
Establl l Toron
866
The Ministry of Pensions has supplied 10,000 artificiel eyes since the war began, Paling, parliamentary secretary te the Ministry, said in an interview. This includes replacements.
BAKERY EQUIPMENT
_	¦ jar
reed renewed and shears.
Solicitors.
IM?114 King West, Booklst of Information on quest
pedig
used
BAKERS' OVENS AND MACHIN-also rsbuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co* 101 Bathurst 8t, Toronto.
496
sry
896
MEDICAL
RHEUMATIC PAINS
FRUIT JUICES—THE PRINCIPLE ingredients in Dixon's Remedy fnr Rheumatic Pains. Neurit»##
296
“Do you know who I am?” shouted the irate general to the Australian who had neglected te salute him.
“Do you know who I am?” he persisted, as the soldier looked blankly at him.
“Here, boys,” said the Australian, turning to his friends. “Here's something good. A general who doesn't know his own name.”
stomach specialist, Sect, |Lfl. Î2.VU. Elik's Msdlclne Co* bept WN Saskatoon
»*
396
646
for Rheumatic Paine Sold only Munro's Drug Store, 336 Elgin. Ottawa. Postpaid $ 1 Ml.
BOOKS BY MAIL__________
WRITE FOR FREE CATALOGUE, latest Sensational Books. DeLuxe Book Company, 67 Queen St. West, Room 21, ToFbnto, Ont.
696
946
HI YI SAISI » WHIMS
OLD BUGS RE WOVEN NEW
RUGS. NEW RUGS MADE FJR old. Dominion Rug Weaving Cc pany, 964 Queen SL W., To __ Write for booklet. ______

286
YOU*
(Pass
nasi
646


BUTCHERS' SLICING MACHINES
MINARD'S
746
Toron
#•
•s®ssbs
Toronto.	____
295
WANTED_________
MALE TANNERY LABOURER* • 46 to 66 years or younger, you have discharge paparA. Good wages to good workera Donnell & Mudge Limited, New Toronto.
Co
395
DYEING B CLEANING
HAVE YOU ANYTHING NBBDB dyeing or cleaning? Write to for information. We are glad to answer your questions. Department H. Parker's Dye Works Limited. 781 Yonge Street, Te-
SOLDIERSflSir
SUB OUT TIRED ACHE#
676
726
îf
HELP WANTED____________
WANTED AT MUSKOKA HOS-pltal, Uravenhuret. a married couple to work together in diet kitchen. Good wage* and permanent position if satisfactory. Experience not necessary. Apply J. T. Murray. _________________
765
Sergeant (en rifle range) t
w bel*
let will penetrate two feet of solid wood, so remember to keep your eada down!”
895

945
ms
1046
#
ro n to.
PHOTOGRAPHY
1095
DON’T TRUDGE THROUGH
PLACARDS, STICKERS
.....	665
¦¦ GLADIOLI! BULBS
QLADIOUI—RAINBOW MIXTURE —70 blooming size. including Picardy, $1.06 postpaid. R. Gorman. Harrlston. Ontario
The Heat, Rain, or Hell
HAVE YOUR SNAPS
Delivered by Mall
Any 6 or 8 exposure film pe r fee Up developed and printed for only lid. Supreme quality and fast servies guaranteed.
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
Station J, Toronto
PATRIOTIC GUM STICKERS FOR envelopes and letterheads, 10 for 15c. Placards for doors, M i dows, automobiles, halls.
World production in 1940 22,000,000 tons of cane sugar and 12,000,000 tons of beet sugar.
¦You GIRLS WHO SUFFER
Satisfactory Terms Arranged S > Trades Accepted
IRMEMIIIEI
ANDERSON
MEN WANTED
HELP WANTED
CANADIAN ENTERPRISE WITH large personnel has a few choice territories for men exempt from war activities — over 200 guaranteed products—mostly n Hies Present supplies adequate. Fascinating A. B. C. Book brings valuable information. No risk.
yodlMH V
PUCT& 670 0t. Clement, M treat.
WAR WORKMS
And relief from painful terns with CRESS CORN SALVE
WAITRESSES AND COUNTER girls for immediate employment and for Summer. Experience not necessary
schoolgirls accepted Sloan's Restaurant, Uravenhuret, Muskoka.	_________
If you suffer monthly cramps, backache, distress of ‘'Irregularities.'' nervousness—due to functional monthly disturbances—try Lydia S. Plnkham’s Vegetable Compound Tablets (with added iron). Made especially for women. They also help build up red blood. Made In Canada.
BUICK - PONTIAC
g 1041 BAY ST.
599 YONGE ST.
1566 DÀNFORTH AYE TORONTO
Canada * Largest Buick • Pontiac
Dealers
Applications from
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦Add
The word “sniper” which dates from the American War of Independence, means one who shoote from under cover as when shooting snipe.
ni
carefully followed Should corn or callow rot
details,	F AMI LEX
ONT
35
ISSUE 21—’42
l

i
###PAGE###8###

Scientists ‘Hunting’
For Four-Leaf Clovers


TP TP TP
Hunting four-leaf clovers may not be a silly occupation, after all. It is now revealed that scientists with us many as three college degrees have been hunting them and experimenting with them for some time.
If the four-leaf trait in white clo-can be "tied up” with greater against prolonged dry

I


AND
t

-e
I

K

¦
II
wr
?ance
s or v th higher clover tonnage icre, then the farmers they are to benefit will be lucky in-

I

ARE RATIONED
speu
V
trying
deed. The four leaves can be seen, while these more practical traits can and if these characteristics or



not.
other valuable ones can be associated and the plant persuaded to breed true, then the plant geneti- , cists will score another triumph
over thin soil.	'
Up to date, planting seed from
such plants has been no guarantee of four-leafed progeny. On the other hand, you can get large numbers of plants of the coveted form If you make stem cuttings in the way you make rose cuttings.
First, choose a plant having large numbers of four-leaflet leaves (some have more than others). You may take a piece of the creeping stem having one node (or buried nitrogen storage-plant), but it is best to take a cutting with two nodes. Plant it in fertile soil with the proper amount of moisture and these conditions probably will yield more lucky-numbered leaves. Commercial use is already being made of this infer-




> * "
'êM^\0 ;,
. 'MÊÊRI
LB.




¦¦

9P


%#, :


i
¦•*
<2/7.
PER WEEK PER PERSON
COFFEE
r
TEA
Since sugar rationing was first introduced, the shipping situation has become more serious. The danger to ships and lives has increased. Consequently it has now become necessary to reduce the. sugar ration from % lb to V* lb. P<r week per person. Only persons in areas remote from source of supply are permitted to have more than two weeks supply on hand
!'
Ships and lives must be conserved
“ *	THIS IS THE LAW
malien.
New Method for Testing . Heart. Told by Doctors
How the heart is made to reveal its pathological secrets by the use of saccharin and ether was related to western area doctors by Dr. Horace B. Cates of Los Angeles.
The test, he said, is made to as if there is heart failure,
To bring tea from Ceylon and India, to bring coffee from South America, ships must cross oceans infested with submarines. Today those ships and their naval escorts are required for more nhal services. Every ship, foot of cargo space, is
T
You must not buy more than 2 weeks' supply of tea or coffee ter yourself and household in any

3
i
You must not make further purchases of tea or coffee at any time when you have two weeks' supply on hand at the reduced ration. (Exception: those in Areas remote from supply.)
Retailers have the right to limit or refuse customers' orders if they suspect the law is not being kept. Retailers must not have on hand more than one month's supply of tea and coffee, whether packaged or bulk.
There are heavy penalties for violations of this law.
at any time.
SUGAR FOR PRESERVING
Special provision is made for additional quantities of sugar for home preserving
and canning.
In addition to your ration, you may purchase /2 lb. of sugar for every pound of fruit that you preserve or can, and V4 lb. of sugar for every pound ot fruit made
jam or jelly.
every
needed to carry war materials, and to bring Canada.
So Canadians must now reduce their consumption of tea and coffee. You must reduce your normal consumption of tea by at least a half. You must reduce your normal consumption of coffee by at least one fourth. These reductions are absolutely
certain
which to the medical man means improper blood pumping rather than, as laymen use it, heart stop-
ntial goods to
COFFEE CONSUMPTION
page.
Saccharin, or a sugar injected into a vein c under this method, he said, ana a stop watch held on the patient.
The sweet substance must then. In the normal course of functional activity, pass through both sides o the heart and the lungs to emerge on the tongue, where the patient
can
“In this way we can the blood is flowing, with the normal
heart has failed.”
But, he continued, the area ol disease can be even more co ated by the subsequent use of an Cc.cr
injection.	, .	. _
Saccharin or sugar, being no. eas-
highly volatile easily converted from liquid to gas, is completely volatUed when it gets through the heart to the lung, escaping through the windpipe there so the patient can smell it.
solution, is of the arm,
Cl

*
2» i i*J,o igjp he
necessary.
T.C.1-W
WARTIME PRICES AND TRADE BOARD
into
THE
tell how fast
who buys sugar for can-
E\*ery person
ning or preserving is required to keep accurate record of the sugar purchased for this purpose. If any sugar remains after canning and preserving, it shall form part of the regular ration of Zz lb. per person
prc week.
loyal Canadians will be glad of this new opportunity to do their part to ensure Victory.
THE WARTIME PRICES AND TRADE BOARD
an



;
!
USED CARS
and
TRUCKS
a
5
",

;
8
8


8

*
But
i
or
n 2
St 5
TEMPLETONS^
I
THtNK! BEFORE m USE SO MUCH
X
4 . X
X
TRC’s ».?•
Two 1940 Chevrolet Sedans One 1938 half ton pick-up Chevrolet Truck
One 1938 H ton Chevrolet Truck
m
?
Plutonic Stone Quarry
Discovered by Chemists
near

Exploitation of a quarry Corona, Calif -
.. __... mid lo contain »
group, according to a chemist s re
P°Ground to various sizes, the rock
—i where l
concrete is used, I
"declare. Unlike concrete,
u ,a „v. a. conglomerate of many
Kit !
THE CORNER STORE
For the Home
HE branch of this bank most convenient to you is the place to arrange for your seasonal borrowing, for your systematic saving and
i for the use of all banking L services.
¦ YOUR Victory Bonds sre valuable. Protect them against loss by keeping them at the Bank. The cost is small.
T
5 Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
\ Main and Centre Sts. 5 SHAWVILL E
is adaptable for all purposes stone, cement or
#
New Drop-head Singer Sewing Machine
engineers
it is not a
;
»
,	and break up and
crack. Weathering is believed to strengthen its durability.
Authority for this analysis Bruder, agricultural chemist Los Angeles. In the survey and laboratory experiments he was aided by qlher interested geologists and en
than $100.000 Is to bo spent
s&as
«» sutvej repôfSvo!?°te sight. I

Hodgins Garage
Teachers Wanted
Protestant Teachers holding Element ary Diplmia for Masham Schools Nos. 1 to 3, for term 1942-43 duties to commence September 1. Applicants please state salary exacted. Apply
JOS. NESBITT.
Secretary Treasurer Masham School Corporation
Rupert Que*
1
i
s
i
is E. A.
•luTBANK of
NOVA SCOTIA
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
to
!
ers,
Established 1S32 - Over o Cawfury o* sprv,<e
J. Li. HODGINS
Annual Meeting of Holstein Breeders Club
244.000.000
«dcb.mi« vüta.^J J. I CARDS OFTHANKS
IsrHESf £=ï
______ rr- ! past few years have brought out Tuesday afternoon, June -nd, at wo
Portuguese Monarchy	I	cTD A VFD	many fine birds.	o’clock. All Holstein breeders are ic
The turn of the Twentieth cen- j	STRAY tsU	These birds are thè result of | ed to Hltend
tury marked the downfaU of many , gt d from the premises of the mossing the buff and black Cochin 1	\RRIS	V. SMILEY
in 1640 is still celebrated. I ph nc .23.2I	Maryland, Que the partridge Cochin in the male
The stamp issued in 1940 to com-	~ j, likened to the black-breasted re
memorate the 300th anniversary of I--- games in color but not in type. The
WANTED .
leader of the patriotic party, ()wing to war condition* we may re- and black tail. Even though they duke succeeded in 1640 m ex- 'nuiresome female workers in our ;; *m. fei€ a little higher off the ground idling the Spanish usurpers and , ^v> are therefore open to icccive applv lhan our other Cochins, they have making himself king, after the estions from willing workers.	the J rued Cochin type to other re
had been 60 years under	SHAW VILLE CREAMER Y ,pacts.
Phone 64-J.

/I/Viz

County L OI. Meeting farm FOR SALE
sentatives present.
Rbxford Wilson
Co. Master
and W. J. Greer.
For terms and conditions apply to
Reggie Hodgins Co. Secretary
H C, BOWAT.
hawville, Quebec.
the

line
CARDS OF THANKS
sincere
J We i
thanks to neighbours and f lends I r i c1arendon Farmers’ Club expect a car | their in in y acts of kindness and exprès I ^ wheel and oaU shortly, sinus of sympathy, during our recent mterested apply at once to Clavbk
b*" “'Tov. Cm .«I F...LT	8h...ilk
Give to relieve Human Suffering
As
the
the yoke of Spain,
.
f
mm
