###PAGE###1###
é
¦ ai
Mr. C. Jacquee
Frasera * ShawvilXe
C
Y
i

No. 18. G 1st Yeak
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE THURSDAY
OCTOBER‘JMtli, 104G
BIRTHS
Fkrd Grain — A ear of feed 'Vheat is expected to arrive at SliawvilIt*-tation in a few weeks Kor prices apply to Harry 1§ei siikr or W ii son Tracy, Varm.
Au-tin Women's Association pm pose holding a chicken supper *
in the hall on October 20th, Proceed* to be used to send boxes to the boys overseas. Admission — Adults 10 cents, children under 12 years 30 cents.
Hallo we en Party—Under the
auspice* of the Church* Guild of Holy Trinity Ladles Radford, will be held in the parish hall on Thursday evening, October 28th. Mean supper. Admission, 25 and 15 cents.
Gowling
Aykarst-At Ottawa Civic Ho pita!, on Tuesday, October 19th, to Mr and Mrs. Jtiuce Ayearst. a son.
McMillan—At Ottawa Civic Flos* pita!, on Monday, October lltln to Mr. and Mrs Leslie McMillan, * of Gatineau Mills, Que.,
— Leslie Wayne.
I
** I
Business College
A

THANKS !
f
Due to excess advertising of National importance, during tlii-monlh, we liave been ob'iged to omit regular advertising of several of our local merchants and dealers We wish to th ink all those who have contributed their spaces a I lowing us to publish the extra volume of adverisi ng.


¦
2$3 Bank [Street OTTAWA, CANADA
aw
it son

Never were Stenographer! iitsuch dwpand a* now. We are conducting a short intensive course. B.»gin at once and help your country.
Open all Summer

ENGAGEMENT
I] J
4
The Equity
JIoDtiiNs -Connelly
Pontiac Confident of Reaching Victory Loan Objective
Mr. and Mrs. Vincent Hod gins announce the engagement of their eldest daughter, Eleanor Margin-Despite the slow start in I on- et, to Mr. James Edgar, youngest tiac. due to the extensive territory son of Mr. and Mrs. James P Con to be covered, the committee and nelly, of Shawville. Marriage to canvassers are determined to at- take place early in November.
tain the objective of $440,000,00	__
and uphold the enviable record of |	*
the County.
Among the subscribers was the Corporation of Bryson, the teach era and scholars of the Shawville I Graham — Suddenly at his late High School, who have a splendid | home, Elmside, Bristol, on Monwar savings stamp record ; \V. A.
Hod gins, of Shawville, whe is a loan campaigner of the Great War, I band of Annie Davis, in his 83rd and James Ward, of Fort Con• year. Funeral on Wednesday, longe, who has a similar record, | Oct. 27th, at 2 00 p. m , from the
late home to St. Andrew's United Church and Norway Bay cemetery.
w. E. COWLING President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE
Prinicipal
I
New Grinding Mill under Erection
ron
BRILLIANT COLOR BEAUTY
"C^ASILY applied. Dries hard with a * ^ brilliant high gloss. 26 gorgeous colors. Resists wear, heat, spilt coffee, alcohol, etc. For canoes, garden furniture, autos, as well as indoor surfaces. You can’t get a finer enamel.
•7#
On Monday morning of this week, Mr Hilliard Hobbs, began setting forms for the foundation of his new grain grinding mill.
The mill will be situated at the rear ot the G. A Howard property on Main Street, which was purchased by Mr. Hobbs several weeks Ago.
JAMES A. MILLAR
B#!Ae,iL. . L.
advocate, barrister,
128 Main St.,Hull. Que.
Al Moyle’, Hotel, Campbell’, Be, evtrjr Wednesday morning
At PontiacHouse,Shawville,every
Wednesday at Noon
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of MeGil I University
SHAWVILLE,QUE.
etc.
DIED
day morning, Oct, 25th, 1943, William Graham, beloved bus**
Rally of Farm Forums at Agricultural Hall, Nov. 4th
108
The Farm Radio Forums of the Shawville district will hold a Rally at the Agricultural Hall on Thursday evening, Nov. 4th. at 8.30 o’clock. Messrs. P. 1). Me Arthur, president of the Dairy Farmers' of Canada ; Mr. J. P. Nadeau, Deputy Minister of Dairy Products, Ottawa, and Mr. A. Me Neil, Secretary.treasurer of the Parish Mutual Fire Insurance Co., of St. Malachie I)’Orm*town. are expected to address the gathering
subscribers, ines employees, under the direction of Mr.
Dunlop, hope to reach their objective early next week. The committee chairman. XV. Nauss, has five teams canvassing the en.
tire mine pro pert Ti ru plained by I MDs Muriel Jack, of Arnprior, is M. Gardiner, C Nelson. M. Beiro- a guest of Mr. and Mrs. John gan, 9. Cufstafsen and R. Lausch. |8tavenow, this week.
The litter is a German army veteran of the last war and now has two sons serving In the Cana-
Quyon Molybdenite Mines em-1 Mr. Matthew Wallace, of Otta-ploye»s under the chairmanship wa, spent the week end at the of A Patrice, have bettered the | homes of his sisters in town.
reduction in personnel.	| Moagme.
The total for the County to date is approximately Chairman, Murk
were al»o opening day The New Calumet M
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
4 Estate C. J. Caldwell f-
k
PERSONAL MENTION
*
V
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.

Advocate Barrister Solicitor, etc.
Office Campbell'* Bay, Quebec (In Lawn Block)
Mrs. Harold Walker, of Ottawa, is visiting at the home of her mother, Mrs. R. A. Dale.
Mrs. Andrew Sly Dies After Brief Illness
i
WHEELING YARN
*v%
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
After an illness of less than a week, Mrs. Andrew Sly died at her home. King Street," on Tuesday morning at the age of 73 years.
She was born at Starks Corners,
tel DONAT Le GUERRIER
Mr. and Mrs. Henderson Harris.
She was married to Mr. Sly 50 years ago, and they made their home on his farm in the Austin section of Clarendon, moving to Shawville in 1923
She is survived by her husband,
one daughter. Mr*. Roy Sly. of I Matters dealt with by correspondence Austin two hi	Robert
Charles Harris, of Shawville, and
three sifters. Mrs. Jos. Sly, of
Shawville ; Mrs. Robert Campbell.
of Bristol, and Mrs. Archibald L).
Campbell, of Toronto, and four
grandchildren.
She was for years a member of the Presbyterian Church, being attached to Starks Corners and later Bristol Memorial Presbyterian Churches, In her younger years she was active in the women’s organizations of her church, the Women's Institute and in temperance work.
The funeral is being held this Thursday afternoon from her late home to St. Paul’s Anglican Church, u here service will be conducted by the rector, Rev. K. C.
Bolton, Interment will be made in the parish cemetery.
Finest Canadian \X heeling. The only variety
Especially recom-mitts, heavy sweaters, All the regular shades in
on the market at present, mended for socks, mufflers, etc. etc. two or three ply.
Mr. R. A, Hod gin* returned on 22 per cent. I Monday from a two weeks’ visit ey Hodgius, of with relatives in Montreal and Shawville. is leading the five [Cowansville, Que. county districts, with 27 per cent.
Notary Public
CAMPBELL.SC AY QUEBEC
Branch at Quyon ; will call any r Monday on request
M P. Arthur Haye*, of Camp Borden, spent a few days of the past week at the home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs W. J. Hayes,
Rev. R G, and Mrs. Newman, of Elma, Ont., were week end guests
Clarendon, Elraaide, Fort Con- Mrs. Gordon Maxwell and little longe, Shawville, Stark’s Corners daughter, Betty, of Hull, spent d Wyman, the semi-annual the week-end at the home of her meeting of Women’s Institutes of grandmother, Mrs. Wro. Elliott.
president, Mrs. W. J. Murray
presided, assisted by the secretary, Miss Edith Tngman and Miss Miss Abbie Pritchard.	Peggy Carrier, of Ottawa*, «pent
Miss Barbara Fletcher, Demon- the week-end at the home of the strator, Q. W. I, who spent the former’s parents. Mr. and Mrs. W. week in the county giving demon- J Tugman. strations to the branches,	was
present, and gave a helpful	talk
on W. I. matters. Miss Fletcher has cnly recently taken up work as a demonstrator, and members were finding her a great inspira
tion and help in their work	Ac Clarence Dean, accompanied
Reports of W. I exhibits	and	by Ac	Rigmond	Degutin, of	Lathe tea room at Shawville	Fair,	chine,	spent	the	week-end	at	the
and the Farm and Home Benutiti- home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. cation Endeavor were given, and John A. Dean.
plans for the season’s work were	¦¦P*	¦¦
neardin the convener*' outlines Mrs. Stanley Hunt and Mr. and A social evening for the Faim Mrs. Cecil Patterson and children, and Home BeautiTication Eedeav- Pembroke, were the guests of or will be held in the Sunday their sister and brother-in-law, School rooms, at St. Andrew’s Mr and Mis. J. H. Murray for the Church, Bristol, on the 28th tout week-end.
The W. I exhibits for Shawville
Fair will feature an outfit for an , . dom vd . eight-year old girl, the outfits to J^une, R.O N X .11, and Miss I lor
be sent overseas after the Fair. lan "rough, Reg. N , of Ottawa, A donation wad made to the Navy ™erf week guests at the home of League fot hostels.	^ieJaUer M P* rents, Mr, and Mrs
letter from the provincial A' trough, president, Mrs XV. C. Smalliuan was read, in which she spoke of valions problems relating to W. I work, and warned about the grave danger of inflation. She asked the members to “Fight Inflation” and thus do their share to bring Victory. XV hen Mrs, Churchill and Subalter Mary Churchill were at Quebec, at the suggestion of Pontiac XV. I., greetings and flowers were sent to them, and the following message was received by the provincial president:
“My daughter and I want to express our gratitude to yon and your members for your welcoming telegram and for the beautiful flowers which you have sent ns.
XVe are touched by your good wishes and send you our heartful thanks. Clementine Churchill.”
Mrs. H. R Rabb, Fort Coulonge, was appointed County convener
JtepMbJV,“S’,,,I,1"fi.Tïï sszsarteffi*— by
Spp»?E ! SsiMeSS
$1.60 per lb.
Semi-Aanual Meeting of W Institut'» of Poatiac County
en s
.
DR. H. K. NEILSON
Eye, Ear, Noie and Throat
SPECIALIST
KERSEY
an
MKDICA l A RTS BUILDING
ISO METCALFE STREET
Pure Wool Kersey, best quality, light
54 inch width,
grey.
OTTAWA. - ONT.
PHONE, 2-7961
Limited quantity.
$2.50 per yard
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT - BARRISTER HULL, QUEBEC Consultations by Appointment
Sgfc Harold Fakes, RC.AF, and Mrs. Fakes, of Camp Harden, are spending a week’s vacation at the homes of their respective parents in town.
MACKINAW CLOTH
J
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
Doeslas McTiernen Killed ia Motor Accident Near Montreal
46 Bronson Are., Cor. Gladstone
>
For making Mackinaw Jackets, Coats, Pants,
Extra A real
ONTARIO
OTTAWA
Windbrcakers, Ski Slacks, etc, etc. quality, navy blue, heavy weight.
find at present. 54 inch width.

Douglas McTiernon. a farmer resident of Bryson, Que, was instantly killed in a motor accident at Ste. Therese, Que., near Montreal early or. Sunday morn ing. He was driving his Ford coupe into the city, when it skid-ed out of control on the slippery pavement, ran into the ditch and rolled over. . His head was bad I crushed, and two companion xvit him, though they had no bones broken, suffered sufficiently from 'hock that they had to be taken to a Montreal hospital.
The late Mr. McTiernan was 44 years of age An inquest took place following his death, and tin coroner gave the cause of death as accidental.
Douglas McTiernan was born w . vt	near Bryson, son of Robert Mc-
Mr ami Mrs. Vine Hodgius and Tiernan ami tlm late Mrs. McTier-c hildren. ot South Porcupine, and nan. He lived there until about a V. ... ^rs: Leslie Richards, of year ago, working as section man Hull, have been visiting at the on the railroad, when lie moved home of Mr ami Mrs. R, XV. Hodg- to Montreal, where he was emms during the past week.	ployed by the Fraser Brace Co
He was married in 1923 to Ethel.. XX’alls, who pre-deceased him IV Adina Re be kali Lodge will hold three years ago. a dance on Friday night, Oct. 29th. Surviving are eight son*, Del Local orchestra ; mixed dancing bert, of Bryson; Osborne am1 Proceeds to send gift boxe* over- Dm ce. of Campbell's Bay: Ronald sens. Admission, 50 cents.	of Onslow; William, of Shawville | #
and Robert, Jack and Leslie, < l Pa ken ham; two daughters .lean of Bryson,	Ethel, of Egan
ville; three brothers, Rae, of Egan-ville; Blake, of Kirkland Lake, and Cpl. Orville McTiernan, ol Camp Borden.
The funeral is being held on
afternoon , from tin is brother-in-law, Cltu-
8CIENTIFIC RYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists o.i all V’isual and Muscular
Eye Defects
i
$2.50 per yard
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg Optometrist
Reg Optometrist
Dr. Jack Clarke, Lient Robert
N Gordon T. Paul
INSU RANGE


COMFORTER BATTS
I
A
Mrs. Norman Brownlee, of Ottawa, arrived last week to take residence in Shawville.
Nov. 1st, she will occupy one of the apartments ia the Hayes Block, Main Street.
REPRESENTING' COM PA NITS
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
I
"P
After
Economy Quilting Batts, lib size, white and fluffy, 72 x 90, already to quilt.
39 cents each
QUE
SHAWVILLE
Talking* Pictures
Laurence Olivier Leslie Howard Raymond Massey Anton Walbrook
SPEED the VICTORY
&
\
1
5th-
VICTO

j
in
Hubert Brownlee Home from Overseas
49th PARALLEL
i
at
over
Shawville Theatre
Thurs. Oct. 28th.
At 8.30 p. m.
THE W. A. HODCINS STORE
Thursday
home of ence Walls, Bryson, to St. Janus Anglican Church, whore servie» will be conducted by Rev Rad-more. Interment will be made h the cemetery at Moorhead, Que.
I
Shawville
Quebec
J


\




###PAGE###2###
Germans Must Not Be Underestimated
to where it !» Urgently needed has
yielded valuable results, in one
instance this year, the moving ot
to the
five weeks
man where
available working most needed and especially to that urgently needed fuel wood is brought in, the Director of National Selective Service has announced a campaign to secure the services of those farmers who be spared during the next
Agreements f _ Dominion and the
OTTAWA REPORTS
Commentary on Current k vents
THE WAR WEEK
onsure
farmers
1,000 Ontario
That 150.000 Farm Worker» Are Needed for h seential Industries During Off-Season
Sir Bernard L. Montgom-commamler of the British
interview
Portugal Grants Anti-Submarine Bases In Azores To Great Britain
(it'll
for four or that the full harvest labor of the Prairie Prov-and the Western
prairies meant 1 requirements i lives
ery
Kighth Army, warned that the Germans mu.st he underestimated and said
great mistake for
in an
workers
In past years farm have worked during the fall and winter months at the cutting of wood fuel, in coal mines in base metal mines and in fish-packing
This year their help is more urgently needed, not only in these industries, hut in other
were met
van f e w
saved.
of Labor Mitchell in
of these
not
he-
crops were
Minister announcing that any who now
months
that it was n
to do so
titan the crews that piloted
down
the
i a eon
Provinces for farm labor rcvruit-
Vrovincial
Portu-
Britain
tl tha Great
w ar
I
1
anyone
their midget submarines Xlten Fjord to ttirpedo that giant
They had to thread through a
sal has granted
submarine bases in the Xzores
wished to return
whose Light h
ment provide that g Field organizations will the Dominion in locating farmers for other essential industries dur-
All the Pro-
Montgomery.
marched approximately Dm the first seven days of of Italy, cautioned
tVMOntario from Manitoba or Saskatchewan could do so. sai.i,
of the Ontario Our in-
industries
ant
assist
Army-miles in
TtrpiU. their way
is a development not only of iiÿ
ulvantage to tht
fifty mile and liid-could wen Hut because
men so immédiat»
Allies but one litical and stiategi of worldwide The New York Times médiat
that this mov prove to he against tlv the last weapon on
“The response farmers was
the invasion against attaching decisive import-¦¦the Italian armistice in
gauntlet of floating ice don fire before they
essential industries.
The v ar has caused a shortage
usually avail
which carries po* implicat ions significant
excellent
that all of the West-
will be saved, with none
labor
their off-season ial organizations have agreed
Selective
mg
\ i in-
formation is
ern crop ' being ’ shortage."
With the harvest nrncrcd. the next urgent need » ,,reparation for the winter months, and Canada is depending
to help bring in
ance to
considering the factors in
Allied campaign on tins
loose their weapons their nerves were steady and their sight sure the pride of the German now lies crippled in a stick
able for such work the workers
to fight or to work
manpow ei
». says
1 Uv un-
til»
with
co-operate Service in the presen* campaign. In addition, several hundred local Farm Production committees, organized by the Provinces, have
undertaken to give their assist-
the farm labor.
o
lost bv reason of any
present peninsula.
“The Italians ceased to be a fighting factor by the end of duly when we were still engaged m
Sicily," he said.
He said the Germans were roti-skilful withdrawal from
full-time in war factories. Other important industries have also suffered through a shortage of
and they
ul va lit age lies in the tact
N a v y of her own oil
safely
' deals what may i knockout blow
n o w
German submarine.
which Hitler
submarines are
These midget
\ too, are on the land
manpower looking to the man to come to their aid
not supposed to have an opei
at tonal range of
Xs the Hr h -dup* we
than a thousand
nice in securing
00
more than
still relit
her farmers
I
more than l.>0,000 being sought for
industries throughout
on
Altogether farmers are ntial
Protection For Convoys
miles
the fuel
ducting a	. . .
the southern extremity of Italy, making continual use of démoli-
and that the
Farm production still retains its priority place, however. Farm-
ted to remain with
ih
ant i suhmai me
both
which
1
new
cruising more miles from home lu-vs. presumb-ably they were transported part to their destination In some With the Tirpitz as their
will certainly
Xzores In»lud
esst Canada.
It has been pointed out by the Department of Labor that work-in agriculture who secured postponement of military
training
tion, will be allowed to continue with their postponement if they accept approved essential employment during the slack
killing the BUDWORM
bases' in
harbor and airfield favitin
i hr stationing <»'. Drt

era are ex pet their farms as long as they are needed - and these who must re-
the land for year-round
tions and mines
Fighth Army had been hiking on
foot in pursuit.
German*
Hie bud worm is a little creature
r he killed if the is found. Vnchvcked forests. Mankind,
will pcimr
tislt naval possibly lea si
w ay
uni air forces ami
ami can easily
manner
: : ! -1 victim they
• itie hazard of all ships ancti
have
ml
through reverse of Xmbriean forces a
ivoximate midway point i lanes between New-one side and nut North Africa on the I’hU should permit the Xtlantic convoys in that they will be at
mum oil
work are not being called upon
ers
proper means it can destroy which has already in many in
créa
facing tna experienced,
“The
Eighth Army well-trained troops and have been conducting a fighting retreat, i he Germans can’t be underestimated. It’s n great mistake to do so.” he declared.
well
rats»
«red in supposedly safe harbors
through their occupa-
nte
to leave it.
In an endeavor to use every
on the fou ml la ml un l lu
set one of natures to the Job of destroying an
For the Germans the Tirpitz may
irreplaceable loss
stances lures L
other, lias yet to find and put the enemy of the hud w orm to work. . port Arthur News-t Immo le.
represent She was the one ship which could
naval
an
a difficult task Until she fight again the German High
England other, routing or such manuel nil times and only of Allied naval f«>
prov e van
Seas Fleet will probably remain
sea
lead a fleet against our
son
with any hope of success
power
Refit'ing her in Xlten Fjord should
So far this shifting of labor
In hiding
lot
the pi
¦


hilt urol, l to he the most

*r

%
4t
VP
¦



a
i * n



also of n i'H which has pi deadly destroyer of tin*
It should prov id
tossildo sec ill'll v
m



mw
*'1Em


;

\


l
it
A

the for the lines and
¦•v
packs, greatest
Allied communication In doing s<i further far



l



V
mm
s
-Bill!

?>
^ '
(it
i
m



In
molli
op« nmg Europe






P
m


&
KM
Germany's Reaction
The further effects of tin
i



• H 1



&
r
will depend largely tion to it Porta



guvsv mox> on Ormany s iva



»
1


#


4
tils™
-m


gal acted in conformity with her 5»n year-old alliance with (Itcat
dodged hot a tra-

is

-
.







%
4
UPS
"
- f5M|



Britain tiens to ho
4

W ll

<

t

!
4*
£S
$ ¦ '



friends to friendennui to uphold
a
:
$S8<
a:



X *>-*

emivs to enemies each other mutually by land and by

A
&%: jl

mm m





uruinst all mvti that may litc
sva or die

" At tin* same time, in agree with Great Britain. Portuga



met
will continue to
trality


A

maintain neu ‘on the European ( ontin Berlin’s
i

*
4

¦
first
pronounce dictated hy caution, hit
en
r
fs
X

ments art Hitler has never verse like
1
w
U
yet taken a retills lving down, and






m
n

X4
i’t

t
Portug i
ex entualities
!
s





ik^JÉ

t

Allied Diplomacy Triumphs
This raises interesting possihi-For, barring some hit and




;
?


xTV


lilies run attacks



?
hy submarines. Ger has no way of getting a
through Spain
:i
-
1


-

many
Portugal except And Spain and Portugal a ated hv what amounts to ;
* v

>

- - "

lig
>.
mmm

V.V -
F
t
ua
SU
assistance pact to aid f attack by a tl Spain was informed
ling Portugal's action vbject ions. S’c. it switched from a pn non belligerent y" to a vigil neutral it \

Si
-T0
In
>
ç
f
m
¦ JV


HvSXV
i
iy

r
ft MOI
and herself ha Axis
:




rt
I a
i


i
1 IS
<
m



•Ml


/


r


9m
m





**

mil if Ger should attempt to attack Po through Iter she would he old to fight against Germany.
the poss

an
vf




:>


ÉF



m







i
i
.


t



therefor»
of a new front in Europe in quit' a different»pkico than anticipate' hendofort
i
¥*
5HE

ai



%



I




Even aside from such
I


0



p
t m

Portuguese Id have been impossible
orienta' ion,
a dev eiopm» move wo
tin


¦ :




%
•?

i



%
V ^

without Spain s new and this new orientation and the
$




*

result it has pro»lneeil m Allied diplomacy.
m
A

f


May End Neutrality
of cours»*, the

lu one respect Portuguese move Is another indication of how far the balance of power has swung in favor of the Allies. But it would he foolish to assume that Portugal and Spain are merely hopping on the Allied
Certainly Portugal
jtgszr rr
I be assured he is receiving
-...-~j BEST MEDICAL ATTENTION ... Y
''what a shot
TH£ KID HAD/
ff
bandwagon
and possibly Spain are exposing themselves to a risk which must be judged in proportion to their
\nd Portugal for one
“Oh, Johnny, come home again! Come home running, shouting, tramping in and out of the house with muddy feet and clothes awry. Come home, Johnny, shouting, laughing, heedless, turning the house topsy turvy in your endless quests for lost sweaters and misplaced mittens. But come home to us, Johnny, come home
K)PE TO RELIEVE YOUR ANXIETY K =»
resources has declared that she is assuming this risk because "our dignity and our interests may require that we end our neutrality.
“It's quiet in here. Guess I’ll sit and think awhile. Lord how he loved those skates. And what a wonder he was
on ’em!
Example To Little Nations
in that respect Portugal is set ting an example for other "little' notahlv Turkey and Ire
e e *

t4 REGRET TO INFORM YOU HEAD- J" V>
QUARTERS OVERSEAS ADVISES*#* V ^
nations
w.
But the Portuguese ntovt
la n
has also set a legal precedent of
LETTER FOLLOWS, Jp
g v
1 lie
ur.
hearing on
British alliances with Russia and Turkey. Turkey Is neutral in the war and Russia in t In- war
hases
SOON AS POSSIBLE
(
• • •
‘•Guess being good with a hockey stick must have come in handy to him, learning how to handle a bayonet properly. He was quick as a flash.What a shot the kid had!

entire
In Asia, but both have
h desired by th»* Allies in both theatres of war. Whether and when they will follow Portugal's example he left for them to decide, to Hitler’s practice,
"If prayers will do it, you’ll be back, Johnny. But we’re not stopping with prayers alone, boy. We’re working for it, buying with every last cent we can scrape together the Victory Bonds that put weapons in your hands and sound ships under you and good food in you and dressings and drugs to care for your wounds.
"This is our pledge to you, lad: that when you sit again at our table and look into our eyes you’ll know did not fail you, that we gave everything we had, just as we gave you."
mu
SON SERIOUSLY WOUNDED

4 touR :
» .C'W^.v
mu
Contrary
Great Britain did not press Portugal (o yield the hases until the time was ripe for it and the step
in Portugal's own It may Le expected
*T~
WHILE ON ACTIVE DUTY
•ys*tp&mng0- azt-
"IVs a pity wars can’t be fought by us older ones, with most of our living behind us. But it seems only kids can take it . . . kids with fire in their veins and springs for muscles and steel for bones . .. like Johnny.
• • •
.w \

whs clearly interest.
that a like policy will be pursued in	cases
Allies are concerned any legal doubts about the propriety of • Russian grant of Siberian base* In view of her neutrality pact with
have now
It
Rut a* far a* the
we
instance
Japan, for been dissipated.
Attack On The Tlrpitz It takes brave men to carry oat what the British Admiralty elects to call “a very gallant enterprise." None hrsver have pom# out of this
The House of Seagram

###PAGE###3###
SUNDAY SCHOOL LESSON
Radio Reporter
A FARM WIFE CHATS TO WOMEN
à
By


By REX FROST
/
z
j
Gwendoline P CUrke

I
I
Thirty two thousand miles. That's a lot of travelling, eh? Yet that is the record comedian Jack Kenny piled up this past summer on his trip to the Middle East, and other army centres. Yes, Jack is hack, and reports have it that he is feeling fitter than the fiddle which plays “Hose In Bloom.** In fact it seems as though Jack “bloomed” somewhat himself. He put on fifteen pounds weight living on army chow in Italy, Africa, the l’ersian Gulf and Iceland, and playing lbU shows. The famous comedian was the first Tinted States entertainer to set foot in Italy during the recent invasion, and gave his soldier audiences a laugh blitz just before they were going into battle. Jack Benny has just commenced his twelfth con ecu-the season on the air, and once again is adorning the 7 o'clock Sunday evening spot on the 1 BC Eastern Network.
4^
OCTOBER 31
BIBIK TEACHINGS ON AB
STINENCE
Leviticus 10:1, 2. 8—II;	Pro
verbs 31:4, 5; Luke 1:13-16
GOLDEN TEXT
pray thee, and drink no wine nor
strong drink. Judge* 13:4.
Memory Verse:	Let US love
one another. 1 John 4:7,
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time The Levitical code was given for the most part at Sinai about 1 144 B.C.; the Book of Proverbs was written about 1000 B.C.; the words of the angel to Zarharias were spoken in 7 B.C.
Place I be l evitical code was given at Sinai ; Solomon w rote Proverbs probably in Jerusalem; the angel appeared to Zarharias also in Jerusalem, while he was ministering in the Temple.
The Offering
“And Nadab and Abihu, the sons of Aamn, took each of them his cen>< r, and put fire therein, an 1 laid incense thereon, arid offered strange fire before Jehovah, which he had not commanded them. And there came forth fire from before Jehovah, and devoured them, and they died before Jehovah.” This was their sin. They departd in their worship from the plain word of Jehovah, who had fully instructed them as to the mode of their worship. Nadab and Abihu might have deemed one kind of fire as good as another, but it was not for them to decide. They should have acted according to the Word of the Lord; but instead of this they took their own way and reaped the awful fruits thereof.
Teachers' Responsibility “And Jehovah spoke unto Aaron, saying. Drink no wine, nor strong drink, thou, nor thy sons with thee, when ye go into the tent of meeting, that ye die not: It shall he a statute for ever throughout your generations; and that ye may make a distinction between the holy and the common, and between the unclean and the clean; and that ye may teach the children of Israel all the statutes which Jehovah hath spoken unto them by Moses.*’
He who serves the Lord in his sanctuary must have a clean mind, an understanding heart, an unclouded vision. Abstinence on the part of those who minister in the sanctuary is imperative, for we know the harmful effects of alcohol on man's judgment. If a minister is to help others in the matter of strong drink, he must lead the way himself.
///,
about?
because it got this:
For want of rain the wills go dry;
And for want of rain the pastures dry.
For want of pasture the cows go
1
This is Thanksgiving Pay and a beautiful day into the bargain. There are still enough leaves left on the trees to make one marvel at the grandeur of our Canadian autumn.
We have really been having wonderful weather for October, haven't we? So warm it has I een possible to work outside without so much as an extra sweater. But oh dear, how dry everything is. It seems strange, after all the wet weather we have had this year to be complaining already about it being too dry. But still, it's a fact, and we can't get away from it. And it's getting serious. There are wells in this district that are dry even now. And once a well \ oea dry it takes a lot of rain to bring it hack again. You folk who live in town or city, do yofl think it is nothing for you to worry
n assure you it is, something like

I
I
to\

wT V
Beware,

ii
l
l


dry
vf'.
x<
For want of milk the dairy is dry. If the dairy is dry your bottles are dry
And all for • he want of rain from Hea\ en.
So, if in a day or two, it rains and rains and I hope it will -don’t for goodne.-s sake grumble at the “wet weather.” Fnless we get a good rain fairly soon it is going to be pretty tough going for you and me and r\ery-body concerned.
¦ fef
K
\
'•b-
^/mat
'm?
Li/' v

V*
/;¦ ‘
SPEED THE VICTORY
W e haw rieen alone this week Fast year at thi
'
end
had company, including my four teen-year-old nephew, and I still chuckle when I think of hi\ visit.

lie we
?
J ankc and more tanks ! I liar's the only talk the Nazis understand. So let them have it with both barrels. Dm 5th Victory I oan Bonds and sneed the tanks ahead — driving to X it tory. Every dollar counts. Every bond brings Victory that much Go all-out for Victory.
One of the problems of the coining winter will be to keep warm. Urban dwellers as well as rural folks have gut to get along this winter on less coal. Last Monday the < IX' inaugurated the first of a series of three broadcasts in dramatised form, titled Keep Warm This Winter.” The remaining two will be heard Monday eveni. gs at 8.30. If you didn't hear the opening show, no doubt you'll want to make a point of listening for those to follow. Incidentally, they're written by Dean Hughes, originator of the farm family known as “The Craigs,” and are mn attempt to show farmers and others in m graphic way how to Join in Canada’s beat conservation campaign. They’re intended mi.'U as an autumn introduction to the National Farm Radio Forum which commences in November.
a U it was absolutely necessary for him, as for all preachers, first to live that which he was to preach, to practice daily that which he would be proclaiming to others as the will of God.
By his call to repentance John influenced many to turn from their sins—confessing them in baptism — to seek the Lord and follow after righteousness
This boy's whole heart and soul is wrapped up in music, so he is naturally of an artist it alive type for sunt* it a son best known to himself, he took great pleasure ,n haunting the chicken pens. He said it amused him to watch the chickens
much he was enjoying the fresh 1 laughed nad told her he might get more than fresh air if he stayed too long around the chicken pens try to keep our pens clean but we don’t guarantee to have them absolutely free of a certain small species of livestock.


miagin While he was here
BUY BONDS!
nearer
His mother said how
ffiiviCTOrcajOAN

1
air


1
K. P.’S DREAM
Of course we do
« «mil i»mi# «1 II t

Dominion of Canada General Insurance Co. Casualty Company of Canada



!

1
My sister became alarmed and
After awhile he
V
told the boy went upstairs and was gone about fifteen minute
1 ghtcr British ships dashed in and out of the smoke screen, trying to get in their lighter shell.- before they were blasted off the sea by the heavier Italian armament. The Artemis was hit tw.ee. was on fire, men killed and wounded, but one shell dispatched by her probably decided the fate of the convoy, and therefore of Malta.
THE SHIP—By C. S. Forester. Published by Reginald Saund-Price S3.00.
The Book Shelf

When he did
i
come down he was as white as a sheet. His mother, in alarm, asked what was the matter.
"I’ve got chicken lice all over me!” answered the boy.
“Oil, my dear, surely not exclaimed his mother.
Of course he had nothing of the kind — a hasty examination soon proved that out convincing the boy was another matter and 1 am quite sure he suffered as a result. There are times when imagination can produce as much torture to a sensitive soul as actual bodily injury.
For the vest of his visit my nephew was content to watch the chickens that were running around outside instead of the ones in the pen!
i

THE SHIP
By C S. Forester
This 's the heroic tale of a few hours in the life of a British light cruiser in World Mar No. 2, and of the men on it. Five light cruisers and twelve destroyer.* were escorting a vital British convoy to Malta. On. of them was H.M.S. Artemis, 5,000-ton light cruiser. Malta in 1942 had to have food, the military equipment and the medical supplies on board the convoy if the island was to he held.
After being bombed by airplanes, the escort spotted a major Italian fleet, including battleships. The wind was light for a smoke screen, and so these
to the Canadian air, the It it Jacket Choir, with Danny (V i ill, featuring the Chicago ig star with the Great Lakes Na...* Jraining Station's singing manors, made it» debut over CFKB on Thanksgiving Sunday . . . and will be regularly heard fro n 12.05 to 12.30 Sundays evi • the Toronto station. Danny O’Neill is an honorably discharged V. S. Navy man who has returned to sing with his former shipmates. Danny sings hymns an., patriotic songs with the blue jackets in a program which is not tuned to the mood of the Sabbath, but which also seems to lend a greater understanding to the joint naval war effort of Canada and the United States.
i\V
i
V
ft
I

#


!
<
ers
The director of the zoo was away on a short vacation, when he received the following note from his chief assistant “Everything all rig the chimpanzee
pining away for a companb What shall we do until you i turn
(



except seems to be
o
The Navy's gift to oppressed K. P.’s is this potato peeling machine that “skins 'em alive.”
Because the priests failed to teach the people all the statutes, they departed from God and became a weak and sinful people. What a responsibilit rests on parents, preachers, teachers! If they fail to impart instruction in moral and spiritual truth, some day they will he called to account.
I
In recent years Canada has given many prominent musicians, singers and actors to United States radio Canadian leaves for New York
** I


- ’


A
Another young

\
*•>


L
A
n.
¦it
.4
A
jti
k
V %
!
c

shortly to begin the road to stardom, and perhaps operatic fame. It has just been announced that Evelyn Pasen, eighteen-year-old Toronto mezzo-soprano, has just been granted a fellowship at the Ju il lard Graduate School, New York
youth Evelyn Pasen has been know

A


Do you want to come home, soldier?
.- ¦	. * * V V j-t, r -C' t
Not till Victory,
•	• y
said he.
If he can fight
V; .	. ' • X££$?-.Jag.
With all his might
» *	" « •
Canada, so can we !

L
Kings' Example
“It is not for kings, O Lemuel, it is not for kings to drink wine; nor for pr'nces to say, Where is strong drink? Lest they drink and forget the law, and pervert the justice due to any that is afflictv The nation that has a self-disciplined and Godly ruler is indeed blessed. Many kings have ruined themselves and their people by their habits of self-indulgence.
Bearer of Good New*
“But the angel said unto him, Fear not Zacharies, because thy supplication is heard, and thy wife Elisabeth shall bear thee a son, and thou shall call his name John. And thou shall have joy and gladness, and many shall rejoice at his birth. ' Zacharias had prayed earnestly for a son. No pro>pect was more depressing to a Jew than to die childless, so that his name should become extinct. At the appearance of the angel, Gabriel, he is much r ou bled fearing it is the messenger of some calamity so many of our worst fears are groundless, and now the angel v as the bearer of good news.
Call to Repentance
“For he shall



k
it
7 NV


yy
i
?

In spite of her extreme
to Canadian radio audiences since the early days of
Her studio debut
yy
a
broadcasting took place over the Canadian air when *he was only five years of More recently she has been a featured artist on the CB(J National Networks as a member of the “Music for Monday” com-We wish her all kinds of
age
* •
••
t- i

pan y
good luck
BURRO BOMBER
¦s
v	^ -





I

¦
*
But

t




4
créât in the sight of the Lord, and he shall drink no wine nor strong drink, and he shall be filled with the Holy Spirit, even from his mother's wo: .b. And many of the children of Israel shall he turn unto the Lord their God.”
<



the horizon, let us not relax our
Even though Victory may appear to be on personal and national war effort for an instant, to hasten his homecoming!
ü
F




\
A
There is an obvious contrast here between strong drink and the Holy Spirit. In place of the physical excitement of strong drink, he is to hate the supernatural inspiration of the Holy Spirit. Why was he not to partake of strong drink? For . two
First, that his own
BUY
w
t
tk
i
ft
VICTORY BONDS
'Viitonu !
reasons
spiritual vision might be unimpaired, that all of the faculties of his personality might be constantly under the sovereign control of the Spirit of God, and never under the Jouding, stimulation of intoxicants. In the second place, John was to preach repcntence from sin, a life of temperance, of self-denial, of obedience to the laws of God,


.6%
THE CANADA PAINT CO. "GAe MARTI N-SENOUR Go
|	I
The Sherwin-Williams Co.
Lady Moe, three-foot Arab donkey mascot of a Flying Fortress crew, and a veteran of the Bordeaux bombings, leans out 01 the waist-gun position of her The wee donkey was
by the	England-based
a “shuttle-service''
LIMITED
LIMITED

ip
'1*
.3»
'

plane.
bought
crew
flight
1. ^
V". «

of Canada Limited

«

on

to Africa
l
###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY
Shawvillrt Oct. 2sth 19-W
Feed Poultry After 4 p. m. During Winter Months

Warmth is an important factor in egg< production. Correlated with warmth vs feeding and the time of tceding.	Na-
ture has equipped poultry with ample storage apace which includes the crop,: gizzard and stomach. The gizzard with its strong muscular walls may be likened 1 to a power-plant. It generates heat in the bird when crop is tub of reserve feed. Thus the bird is kept warm, while the feathers keep the cold out. Hut the internal heat is dissipated during the night and the case of poultry not fed after 4 p. m. the store of fuel is exhausted before the time it is most needed during the coldest hours of the night in thj early morning.
Late feeding is a go<»d system. An example is quoted of a poultry man, who with only a medium Hock, was able to maintain good egg production by feeding late. He had no electric light in the poultry house but the birds came down • to feed by the light of a lantern Late feeding of bard grains in conjunction with the use of light in poultry houses stimulates poultry to produce more eggs More egg production is urgently required to meet wartime demands.
il

Victory Cornes First ... Luxuries Later
Bristol School Commissioners
October 12, 1943
Bristol School Commissioners met on the above date. Present :	Chairman
Woods and Commissioners Glenn and Stewart.
The minutes of last meeting were read and on motion of Comr Stewart were adopted.
Mr. and Mrs. Win. Hudson appeared re. conveyance of their child to school
The Board agreed to pay the same amount as others had received.
Motiou by Comr Glenn, that Miss Jean Stewart be employed to teach in No, 10 School at a salary of $70.00 per month.
Motion by Comr Stewart, that the teacher of No. 1 School receive a raise in salary $3.00 per month.
The auditors report was read to the Board. Motion by Comr Glenn that this report be accepted.
Motion by Comr Stewart that for the purpose of paying the salaries of the teachers and the other necessary ex penses of this Board that an annual tax of il mills on the dollar be imposed on every dollar mentioned on the valuation roll. x
No one who purchases alcoholic beverages as a luxury can afford to do so if the purchase interferes in any way with the buying of Victory Bonds.
The customers of the Quebec Liquor Commission, as indeed of similar commissions across the Dominion, represent a section of the community which obviously has more than sufficient money for the essentials of life. The success of previous Victory Loans indicates that they have responded generously to the calls their country has made on them.
of our system of democratic life, only be done by the fullest co-operation of all of us in providing the means to carry on the warm a manner befitting the Dominion. Canada requires not only man-power, but money power to an unlimited extent.
The extent to which each citizen should buy Victory Bonds depends on his financial resources, and on his, conscience. Let us be careful to see that no undue personal gratification is allowed to stand in the way of the accomplishment of Victory and Peace.
The Quebec Liquor Commission appeals to every
one of its custodiers to reduce their purchases to
a minimum and add the money thus saved to
their purchases of Victory Bonds.
#
Our customers can afford to buy more Bonds. Victory depends on Bond purchases. Our liberties depend on Victory.
*
The progress of the war has shown the necessity for an ever-increasing amount of personal sacrifice, some of it of a nature which can never be compensated. Merely to curtail expenditures on the ordinary pleasures of life is not nearly sufficient to meet the requirements of Canada at the present time. Much more than that must be done.
It is not suggested that life and living should be reduced to the level of merely subsisting. Let us be grateful that the danger of this has been removed, but at the same time let us remember that this has been accomplished by the heavy burdens of bereavement, pain and deprivation which others have had to bear.
We must also remember that a long and arduous path has still to be travelled. The one desire of all Canadians is to bring the war to a successful conclusion as speedily as possible, and then to return to a fuller enjoyment and appreciation
This
can
Also that a fee of $1.00 per month le levied on children ot parents who are not living on Protestant school pioperty while attending our schools and a tee of $1.50 per month for children of ratepayers while attending our intermediate school ; outsiders who provide their own transportation $2.50 per month, and $5.00 per month for outsiders conveyed to and from school on the bus.
Also that a rate of 5 per cent, interest be charged on all arrears after October and a discount of 5 per cent, be allowed from school taxes .paid before February 1st, 1944.
.Motion by Comr Glenn that for the period from November 1st, 1943 to to March 1st, 1944, that our schools open at 9.30 o’clock in the morning and close at 4.31 o’clock in the evening.
Motion by Comr Stewart, that ibis Board borrow $1,000 from the Bank ot Montreal for three months to meet current needs.
Motion, by Comr Glenn that the Secretary Treasurer advertise for tenders for wood to b° in by November 5th.
Motion by Comr. Stewart that the tee for tiling our schools be raised from $7.00 term to $10 00 and that Clayton Pirie be appointed to attend to the tires at No. 9 School.
Motion by Comr Glenn that the following bills be approved and paid
Andrew Daley auditing.........
Montreal Star, ad for teachers South Onslow School Corporation, fees ...
H. Fulford. labor at Schools .
James Marks, work at No. 6..
Provincial Blank Forms, Reg’d
supplies...................
H. I. Smith, varnish, chairs and
J
T-
“SPEED THE VICTORY — BUY VICTORY BONDS '
Published by
QUEBEC LIQUOR COMMISSION
$22 00 14 0*
20 00 54 75 8 00
• • •
9 66
73 24
stamps, etc On motian of Comr Stewart the meeting adjourned.
• • •
Lift Restrictions on Rubber Garments
H. I Smith,
Secretary Treasurer
Restrictions on the sale of protective lubber garments have been revoked hy the Prices Board, effective immediately, it was announced on Monday of this week.
Reclaim rubber now can be used for these garments in place of crude rubber, according to] A. H. Williamson, rubber administrator, and the supply of reclaim rubber is more adequate than formerly
“Protective rubber garments’* means any of the following garments of which rubber is the com ponent material :	Standard long
coats, standard three quarter length coat*, firemen*» coats, mining suite, fishing suits, sou*westers, mining hats and acid resisting aprons.
Keep your Buildings in repair with— f
Shipments of Western Grain Four to Six Weeks Late
Cemetery Donations
Gyp-roc Instil brie Masonite Donnaconna
Mr. John R. McDowell, Treasurer of the Maple Grove Cemetery Fund, acknowledges with thanks, the following donations:—
Clarence Hayes . ..
Thom. Sheppard, Ottawa.......	2 00
Clifford Cone..............
Wm. Smith. Ottawa...........
Mrs. S" E. Hodgins, Ottawa.. 2 00
W. E. N. Hodgins, Ottawa----	2 00
J. B. Kilgoor.....
Mm. Sam Rennick
Mrs. John B. Judd , .....
Mrs. Andrew McKnigbt ...
M rs. Hector Telford.......
R. J. Connelly South Porcupine S 00 J. P Wilson .
Mrs. Wm. Date Alf Draper....
Ch as W* Dagg.
Miss Lon Sturgeon .
George Brown ....
Mrs. James Moffatt
W. J, Hayes.......
*
. I 5 00
Farmers are advised to place their orders early for Winter teed. This will avoid disappointment and help give better service.
see
1 00
Asphalt Shingles
6 00
Roll Roofing Betiding Paper Lime and Cement Rockwool Insulation

1 00
e » # #
• a •
1 00
0 0 0 0
PURINA CHOWS, FLOUR and Other farm supplies always on hand
1 00
• e
I 00
0 0 0
2 00
CARD OF THANKS
$

6 00
0 0 0 0
0 9 9 0
We wish to thank nor many friends and neighbours for their great kindness and expressions of sympathy during the illness and death o? our beloved wife, and mother. We especially thank Mis 8. E. McDowell.	I
9 00
The Hodgins Lumber Go-
2 00
5 00
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
8 00
1 00
Earl Horner and daughter, > Mm Hilub Thompson
8 00
0 9 9
6 00
###PAGE###5###
T

Look Here
New Charm
for your
HOME
For Sale, Want», Found,
Lost, etc.
FOR SALE—Fordaon tractor (magneto) and plow, in good condition. Apply to Vincent Hodmina. R. 1, Shmv-ville. Phone 18 .82.
For Eastern Farmers who wish to
I
Purchase Western Feed Grains
GRAINS AVAILABLE:

Wintei t Both
Two lady’s
coats, size 16, blue and green, worn one Winter. Apply at The Equity Office.
FOR SALE
Attractive Floor Coverings
FOUND—In Earl Fulford’s car at Fair time, pair of lady's glasses Name of optician on case, “Bass. London Ont.” Owner may have same by calling at The Equity Office.
Attractive Values
WHEAT • OATS
Help the appearance of your living room with lovely Axminster Rugs. Beautiful désigné, a rich symphony of colors, 4ft. 6 x
7 ft. e,........................ :
FOR SALE—Pair of Percheron colts, black and brown, full brother* one year eld ; and one foal. ¦¦	¦¦
Hodoinx, Shawville

« » , ,	'	•	âfX ‘e
of bonuses, freight assistance and other Dominion Government subsidies if his shipment complies with the regulations.
to Herb C one 6 - 81.

HOW TO ORDER
$18.50
Place an order through your regular dealer. The dealer can order this grain, advise you on costs and handle all details of shipment to your station
FOR SALE—One Bay 3 year old mare, free easy action. This mare will make a suitable driver and third borer for farmer Priced right for quick sale, as I have more horses than I have room for. Apply to Lee A. Hodgixs, Shaw ville.
Peterbum Axminster Rug, special dark blue color with fringed ends, 6tt. 9x9. $38 50
Perth Axminister Rug, dark wine with ^¦¦I $83.50
Special Axminster Rugs, beautiful colors of wine and blue, 6ft. 9x9,........ $31.50
High Quality Axminster Rugs.
Of
PRICE INFORMATION
fringed ends
#e
Place an order direct with a western farmer. Be sure to (l) specify the kind and grade of grain wanted, (i) specify that the grain must not have more than 3 per cent dockage and (3) be prepared to accept grain within one grade of your request.
Purchase made by either of these methods gives the buyer the benefits
Oats and barley will be charged for by the bushel, at the ceiling price (or the cash price if this is lower), basis in store at Fort William or Port Arthur. Ceiling prices on Oats, 5l/4c per bu.; Barley, 64%c per bu.
Freight, loading charges, commission, and War Risk Insurance must be paid by the buyer.
FOR SALE—One late model Northern Electric 6 tube battery set radio, Cabinet model, #45. Apply to Rev. W. C. A. McFablanb. Shawville. ~
9 x 10&, $47.50
Extra Special Axminster Rug, dark green.
$49.60
FOR SALE—A 500 gallon tank with piping and hand-pump, for coal-oil or gasoline; also set of dies (new) Phone 36 or write Box 44, Quyon, Que.
9 x 104
One Brock Range, ivory and black ; one 6ve tube Westinghouse Battery Radio. Both articles same as new. Anyone interested write H. W. Scott, 138 Helendale Avenue, Toronto.
FOR SALE
*
%
t
,4

GOVERNMENTAL ASSISTANCE ON FEED GRAIN PURCHASES
Next Dressed Poultry Day
at our Store
by CANADA PACKERS, Limited Saturday, Nov. 13th
FOR SALE—Fine quality brown Macks size 16 ; tube skates and boots, size 7, good as new.
Ill won, King Street, Shawville.
%
1.	Subsidy per bushel—1 He in October—lc in November— lie in December.
2.	Feed wheat payment of 8c per bushel.
3.	Freight assistance on feed grains from Fort William-Port Arthur to all points
4.	3% dockage tolerance to allow more rapid shipping of grain.
*
Apply to MU. Chas
k
»
I
FOR SALE—Dodge Sedan car in good condition. Apply to Milton Me Guire, R. 2, Shawville, Phone 20 81.
in Eastern Canada.
WANTED—Maid to do general house work. Apply to Dr. C. F. C. Fowl es, Shawville, phone 17.
READ THESE FACTS CAREFULLY

Minimum grain order is a carload refund of freight and other Dominion Dockage of 3% is allowed on grain Government subsidies. Preserve these purchased. Difference in weight be- documents: (1) The original invoice
After receipt of the grain, the buyer certificate of the grain showing that should apply to the Feeds Administrator, Confederation Building,
Ottawa, for the necessary forms for

the spot.
Grading and cash payment Finish your Poultry well for the best prices. Bring in any sort of clean container. Another buying date will be announced later before
Christmas,
on
WANTED— A three score tractor plow, in good condition. Apply to Lawrence Barber, R. 3 Shawville, phone 17-24.

r»
it is of a grade established under the Canada Grain Act and does not contain over 3% dockage.
FOR SALE— Litter of. nine Yorkshire pig.*, ready for delivery October 1st. Apply to Thos. McNeill, Maryland, phone 23 23.
? /i/y ^ * /
Teachers Wanted
AGRICULTURAL SUPPLIES BOARD
WANTED
Dominion Department of Agriculture, Ottawa
Qualified Protestant Teachers for the Rural Schools of Thorne Township, County of Pontiac. Que. Salary 175.00 per month. Apply to.
THEO BRETZLAFF, Secretary,
Ladysmith, Que.
Owners to claim and take away from our premises the following articles left here for
years
IS4E
1	Hand Knitting Machine
2	Lengths Wooden Pump
I
jr
on the road to profit—on the oatmeal base of
Quaker Calf Meal
%*


QUAKER CALF MEAL is a balanced
Y ration, scientifically compounded to take the place of whole milk after the first month. Thousands of alert Canadian dairymen have proved that Quaker Calf Meal costs less to feed, gives results that compare most favourably with natural whole milk feeding, and permits filing the maximum of milk from the herd while, raising the calves into strong, lusty heifers.
I
y
l

V



»
ît

'i

ESTABLISHED 1883
r

%
COACH
INVALID
GEO. HYNES & SON

DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
.
^ Shawville Oue.
s
%

i
Phone 80
i
;
4
%

FARM FOR SALE
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
FARM FOR SALE
Lot 858 situated in the Village of
ESSfSja
mm ¦ |	* no in good condition.
fiSCBL.
Well improved farm, situated on cbe front. line of Clarendon, good buildings well-watered, clay loam soil, near School and Church. For farther particulars, apply io


AUTHORIZED QUAKER FEED DEALERS
Bintsman Apply to
Telephone 126
Main Street
J a HORNER, King SL, Shawville.
Phone 81-18
J

Phone 8-1876





###PAGE###6###
- ,v:	-

«


TABLE TALKS !
him. '‘Wait Homer. Don’t go home yet. Wait just a while.”
Homer gated past him. "You needn’t be afraid. I remember— I told Mr. Grogan that if my brother was killed I’d spit at the world. I’d be the worst that ever Ivied.” A flush of shame stained his face. "Huh. A fellow talks that way but I guess you never know what you’ll do until it really happens.” His shoulders sagged a little. "Maybe I'll get it straight somehow after a while.” He sank on to one of the benches.
Spangler nodded. "I think you’d like to be alone just now . .

*W0
A
s

0
<•
W
#
SADIE B. CHAMBERS


-80I*OIVIW4 WtilKN IjSm
*m cunts m cnssTirt>rL

The Humble Pumpkin
I WANT StTHOf VOUTO CAT A GOOD NOUAifMlNO LUNCH IWtY DAT, A# V


T
sittwrs
What could be more fitting than a little chat about the humble pumpkin on this beautiful Autumn morning? Everything is dressed in the very best Autumnal colors. Indoors the air is "brim full" of aromatic flavors of the last fruits and pickles and outdoors the burning of leaves and the newly gathered roots.
The poor old pumpkin just lies in its chosen place throughout the summer while we all enthuse over more attractive things, and when everything else has been garnered in we find the humble ' pumpkin dressed in the most beautiful smooth and colorful coat and we wonder how we could be so neglectful.
The very color of the pumpkin tells us that it should not be neglected in our menu, for like all the other yellow good things to eat it contains many vitamins.
Home-Canned Pumpkin
We like best the pumpkin we can ourselves—it seems to have better color and flavor. It is very simply done. Wash, peel the I pumpkin and cut up into three-inch squares. Boil until tender, about one hour. Drain and press I through a sieve. Process about one half hour.


w
I
^oo
H
•* * *>




rr





¦Æ*
&




r
V
• I A l



>»»
THE HUMAN COMEDY
I
Z
*
y
értf
N#
Homer sat there in the soft light of the street lamp. It was very quiet. The world and its doings seemed far off. Then, in that suspended moment, he felt lighter, as if a weight were rolling off his back.
lTp on high Matthew saw him. “It will take a little time my son, a little time . . . for the pain of the Marcus that died, to die in you too, the part that is only flesh and the part that comes and goes. That dying is hurting you now but wait a little while. When it leaves you will find new strength."
Homer was sitting up straighter now. Courage and faith were flowing back into his veins.
"Thif strength will bring you closer than »ver to the best that is in all men. You remember what he said. 'You must go on . . . you are what we are fighting the war for.’ Yes Homer, you are what we have left behind, to live the hopes that have only dreamed, the matchless dreams cf what man can be . . ."
Now Matthew else, a lone soldier who had been wandering around the town. The soldier was talking to himself.
"Yes, this is Ithaca with the Ithaca sky over it. There’s the Public Library—the Presbyterian Church. There’s Ithaca Highland that’s the Athletic Field. There’s the Courthouse Park
reached the Macauley house. Through the windows he could hear the mingled harmony of a harp and piano. "And here’s the house . . . here's home. Ma and Bess. Ulysses. I am home at last."
.<¦
)

vn.

TCACMU
tnov
WNOlltl
\A
W9'
SVI
i Vi
ind


"SUED THE VKTOKV"

NOURISNINS rOIIS
> EOT MORI OF THE

Christie's Biscuits

• •
“There's a wartime duty for every Canadian
mm
-V*!


I FOUND A“BETTER WAY” TO CORRECT MY CONSTIPATION!
"Then—you are Tobey. You must be,*' Homer erred as Tobey gave
him Marcus' ring.
Pumpkin Soup
you ever try pumpkin soup? Take one cup of pumpkin, add a little chopped onion, half a cup of wate and seasoning to taste. Cook 15 minutes. Then add one pint of rich milk •nd see if that does not satisfy the most finicky appetite on a cold night.
Did
and Bess and Mary yet. How am 1 going to go into the house and look at* them? They’ll know, the minute they see me. I don't • want to tell them but they'll know.”
“left's walk awhile," Spangler
CHAPTER VI
*

The door had opened and closed. Tom Spangler was there. He a as touching Mr. Grogan. He knew in a minute how things were. He telephoned for the doctor. Then he picked Grogan up in his arms and put him on the office couch.
Homer sat still, on an island of terrible grief. The telegram was crushed in his hand.
Spangler, misunderstanding, «poke softly. “Don’t feel bad Homer. He was an old man. He had a bad heart. He knew he would go suddenly. This is the way he wanted it to be. Come on now." The telegraph box started again and Spangler leaped to it. His face changed as the unfinished message came through — complete this time. Marcus Macauley was gone. He had met death in action.
The doctor and the relief operator arrived.
Spangler put his arm around Homer and took him out.
Going along the street, anywhere, nowhere, Homer’s feet dragged heavily. He held up the telegram. “1 can’t take this home . . . now. I can’t tell Ma
we

riiwrtrf — ‘ ' ' S
This delicious cereal—it’s grand tasting in muffins, too—keeps thousands regular, naturally . . . stops their trouble “before it starts”. Try this pleasant plan. Bat KELLOGG'S ALL-BRAN every day . . . drink plenty of water . . . and see why it’s called a “better way". Your favorite grocer has ALL-BRAN in two convenient sises. Made by Kellogg’s in London, Canada.

• War means harder work tor moat of us. It’s certainly no time to be handicapped by that common type of constipation caused by lack of "bulk" in the diet. If you have that trouble, here’s a simple, enjoyable method that so many people use to correct the cau regularly instead of resorting to liarsh purgatives that give only temporary relief.

saw someone
said.

Pumpkin Custard
Beat yolks of 2 eggs until light, add H cup sugar, few grains of salt, 2 cups of cooked well-drained pumpkin, % teaspoon vanilla, a dash of cinnamon and nutmeg, S cups of milk. Fold in the beaten whites of the eggs and pour into greased custard cups or casserole^ if custard cups, set in pan of water.
for about 25 minutes. Serve hot or cold with cream or jelly.
They kept on, towards the courthouse, through the park. "He said he might go in his letter,” Homer said dully. "He said he was ready." Then he broke out fiercely, "I can’t figure it all out. All I want to know is, what about my brother? Nothing like this has ever happened to me before. When my father died it was different. He had lived a good life the way he wanted to. He had a family. We were sad but we weren’t sore. I’m sore. What’s a fellow supposed to do?"
Spangler tried to find the words that would say the right thing. He fought with himself to find those words. "I'm not going to try to comfort you Homer. I know I couldn’t. Your brother didn't want to go. He wanted to stay. He will stay in the love you have for him.".
Homer’s body shook with a frustrated fury. How could the world do this to him? What was good about it? "But 1 want to see Marcus. I can’t help it. 1 want to see him walking around. I want to touch him. I want to talk to him. I even want to have fights with him the way we used to. Where will I find him? If I look everywhere I won’t find him. The world is different now. People are different. Everything in Ithaca is changed because my brother won’t be here again.” again."
they eat all-bran
P*
He had
Hake in moderate oven
Bombs Bounce Off A Thatched Roof
talked a great deal about their Kannata, and Cartier seems to have got the idea that It t?as the name of the whole country.
There Is another story that tidi Indians called all of Eastern Canada “Akka Nadft” hut the one about “Kannata" seems to be the accepted one. The Fathers of Confederation wanted to call It “The Kingdom of Canada” but the British Government objected to the word Kingdom as It would offend the United States who were very sore on England over their help to the South in the Civil War which had just ended, and perhaps also felt that Canada as a kingdom would be aspiring to equality with England. . . .
>li»e Chamber» wrlrontm pcraoial Inter» from Interested render». She I* n leaned to reeel v# *ug*e»Hdo» on topic» for her column, mod I» nlney» ready to Helen to your “pet pee Ten.” Itequeata for recipe» or wprelnl menu» ere In order. Add re»» your letter» to “Ml*» Sadie II. Chamber*. 73 Went Adelaide St., Toronto.” Send •Iri weed envelope If you vrleli n reply.
*
$
Instead of going through a thick straw thatched roof, the bombs simply slide off and burn out harmlessly on the ground. This rather surprising discovery was made by people in Scotland following a bombing raid.
After the raid their friends asked them if any of the incendiaries had hit their home. They said some had. When people began to sympathize with them because they believed an incendiary bomb would burn up a thatched roof house, the people smiled indulgently. •
They explained that the incendiaries had hit the thatch and it had been so resilient, the bomb had simply bounced and then skidded off to the ground. Where hones with ordinary roofs had had the bombs go through to start a blaze in the house, the owners of the thatched roof homes escaped harm from the incendiaries.
All of this was his inheritance from Marcus. His friend had left him his birthright, his place in the world. He would be worthy of it. He turned as a boy came walking up the path.
It was Homer. He looked at the soldier curiously, hesitated, thought I knew you. Is Ithaca your home?"
"Yes. I mean, I hope it is."
"Then you don’t have to go back?"
The soldier looked at his injured leg. "They’ve sent me home for good. I just got off the train."
"Well, your family must be waiting for you." The soldier didn't answer. To his own surprise Homer said, "Won’t you come in? I live here." Something had made him say It, some voice.
Now the soldier’s face lighted up. “Then . . . you’re Homer. I’ve been looking for you.”
“How did you know my name? Who are you?"
The soldier’s smile was sweet and wide. “I don’t know who I am because I’m an orphan. But I know who you are. And your mother and Bess and your brother Ulysses. You see, Marcus was my friend.” He reached into his pocket. "He sent you this Homer. His class ring. He always said— if anything hcf.pened to him he wanted you to have it."
Homer slipped the ring on his finger. “Then—you are Tobey. You must be."
"Yes."
¦lumped
¦elf-ad-
i


Then he “For a moment, I
Germans Ordered To “Scorch” Italy

Among documents captured by the Allies in Italy was an order to the Hermann Goring Engineer Battalion to carry out “a full scorched-earth program" in its withdrawal, Allied Headquarters said.
The German engi teers were told to destroy all bridges, railway stations, water installations, and any other buildings of value to the Allies.

, w SISHI :
EB «S«rl
A. E. NELSON. Inspector of Public Schools. Stratford, Ont.

V
Scientists believe a great variety of flying cockroaches existed thousands of years ago.


• %
-
CANADA NEEDS YOU STRONG
.*X	v



Xx v
I

$
CALICO CAT
Spangler again searched for thc;e right words. “Try to rem* nber Homer that the best of him will never die. You will sec hii.i many times in things that will come to you every day. In your home, in the streets, places where he has been, in the vineyards and orchards where he worked, in the river he knew and the clouds that float over it. The greater part of a good man stays. It stays forever." He pointed to the green. "Any good at pitching horseshoes?"
Out of his bleak heart Homer replied, "No sir, not very."
"Neither am I. Would you care to pitch a game with me before it's too dark?”
"Yes sir." The game began. Homer knew that his hand was picking up the horseshoes, flinging them to their mark. His whole body hurt as if somebody had beaten him up. But he kept on for a while. Then he stepped back. "Mr. Spangler 1 don’t feel like pitching any more. They’re waiting for me at home now. know they are. I said I’d be home for supper."
Spangler’s eyes pleaded with
Follow Canada’s Food Rules tor Health and Fitness
eut it
Stories Of Origin Of Word 'Canada’



if w®
indeed.
look» »
fine
of drying
"It
..German
ub into bloody *oP"*P
oust &t
4
very hope»
the
on the times
FREE! A Valuable Red Book—“Economy Recipes ^ Canada's Housoldiers” containing many recipes suited to today's requirements. Send a postcard with your name and address with the words "Economy Recipes”. Address Dept. 4K, The Canada Starch Home Service Department, 49 Wellington St. E.,
Toronto.
s
with &
From Indien Name, Says Letter in Peterborough Examiner
Hi
beaches
h.v* t.en "IS* ’
'
Sir:—It is pretty well accepted now that Canada conies from the Indian word "Kanuata”, meaning a cluster of huts or an Indian village. When Cartier returned to France from his first voyage to Canada in 1534 he took with him two little Indian boys whom lie had captured at Gaspe. Their home was at Stadacona (Quebec), and. when he brought them back they told him that their Kannata was a great village a long way up the big river (St. Lawrence). They




%



1



i


$

Published in the interests
Kv'v
Marcus’ friend. Homer and Tobey smiled at each other with the tender pain of remembrance. Then Homer put out his hand and Tobey took it. Comradeship and brotherhood flowed from one to the other like the stream of life.

of

as
SÜE
k‘4V. ‘ti
r
CANADA'S
NUTRITION
CAMPAIGN
by the makers
û
LFTSON from

ot
Ï

1
:i:r*
\\\\\
'll
Homer brought out the telegram. "This came awhile ago." ' "What are you going to do?" Tobey asked.
Slowly, Homer tore the message into shreds. His chin was up, his eyes bright with tears. "Well go in together." He called. "Ma. Bess. Ulysses. Open the door. The soldier’s come home,"
The family came to the door but the music seemed to continue on and to swell. The kindly lamp light illumined them all. It was as if they knew about Marcus already and were welcoming the stranger in his place.
They all went in.
Outside, in a radiant Heavenly light, were the spirits of Matthew the .father and Marcus the son. Together they pansed through the door to join the others. Now the family was complete again.
The music in the Macauley home rose exultantly. To any who ? heard, it was a song of human love.
I

478



il %%-
•IIP
• I#
It's this: •
The war isn’t won yet. Disaster may stare us in the face again, just as it did at Salerno.
Victory will be our# — but it won’t be a walk-over. Let us all make this our motto : “No letting up until the last shot is fired.” For if We do
|?k# CANADA STARCH COMPANY. Limit!*

•-*

# •

I
f
cio*




> %

let up, others will pay for it... with their lives.
Speed the Victory!
Buy MORE Ben*
This calico cat (a-cat-of-few-pieces, and therefore easy to make) is swelling with justifiable pride. He’s proud of his "skin" of gay salvaged material. He’s proud of the profits he made at the fair. He’s the favorite of young children. All and all he’s some cat! Pattern 678 has transfer pattern and directions for making cat; list of materials.
Send TWENTY CENTS (20c) in coins (stamps cannot Le accepted) for thii pct.ern to \. il;on Needlecraft Dept.. Eoo.i 42J, 73 Adelaide St. West, Toronto. Write plainly pattern number, jo-r name and address. /
llow in the world can a woman have charm and poise if she feds “all wound up” with nervous tension? On the other hand .. . calm, strong nerves actually give a woman poise and quiet nerves take the hard, tense look from her facial muscles. If nerves bother, treat them with rest, wholesome food, fewer activities, plenty of sunshine and fresh air. In the meantime take a nerve sedative ... Dr. Miles Nervine. Nervine has hdixxi scores of women w ho suffered from overtaxed nerves. Take Nervine according to directions to help relieve general nervousness, sleeplessness, nervous fears and nervous headache. Effervescing Nervine Tablets are 35c and 75c Liquid : 25r and SI 00
a

o
!
Oh /4ifiW
ÛeWeUts
tvt* **°*tD
tOU

„t1 xOSACt®
ftNl*1
1HI
ISSUE No. 43—4?
Nervine
l
A B D
THE END














###PAGE###7###
J
r
F

>
T
/
>
Q.—How can I take lime out #f a teakettle î
A.—This is caused by hard water. If the deposit is light, a dilute acid, such as vinegar, will dissolve it if allowed to stand m the kettle. Add a litle salt to
STfom rZLl'ZV I SOLDIERS________________________
"T'ZtlT--------------- I «U» OUT TIBIDACHW
tea stains from linen?
• A.—By soaking the stain soon as possible in Javelle ter, and then pouring boiling water through it.
END OF THE UNE AT FOGGIA
MVISUMt ^ WHIM'S YOU* I
MIMAKI'S
tJ!








1
y
*

ocd
m

te w* 7T >	.-
î
ft
8
•*
fit
.
§9 »
*
\
%

and Puerto Rican molas-soon reach Americas dehydrated and packaged is
GROWN IN SUNNY, SOUTHERN ONTARIO
Lf—'
Cuban ses may porta paper bags
Britain Is now the only country In Europe where bread Is atlll uu-
rationed.


\
»
to be served before one
s
Modem Etiquette
By: Roberts Lee
everyone begins to eat?
4. If it is necessary to remove of bone from the mouth,


CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISEMENTS
CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISEMENTS
a piece
while at the table, should one use a fork, spoon or napkin?
6. Is it proper for a man to leave an elevator first, if there are v/omen in it?
C. What is the correct way to fold wedding invitations and announcements?
1.	Who terminates the call in haeii.ese telephoning, the person who calls or the person who is
called ?
2.	Which is correct to use, “Mrs. John Joseph Brown,” or •'Mrs. J. J. Brown” for a visiting card or an invitation?
S. Is It improper at a large dinner or banquet to wait for

PHOTO CHRISTMAS CARDS
12 FOR 69c
autumouii.k»—-USICU
iwsp
ronto. Telephone HY tl*\.
‘"BABY CHICKS	~
| NEED TO TELL YOU OF THE
mm
Ht. N
0.


mm

Select your
is*
for 25c.)
Answers
1. The person who puts in the call. However if the call is of social matters, and the business of the person called is interfered with, that person may terminate the call. 2. The full name is the correct form. 3. No; you may begin eating as soon as you are served. 4 None of these things would be practicable to merely use the thumb and forefinger and lay the panicle on the plate. 5. Yes; if the elevator is crowded and he is at the door; otherwise he should step and allow the women to leave first. G. Fold them so that the engraving is on the inside, and not on the outside.
mixed
spoonfuls of turpentine
hites of two eggs, beaten
slightly but not stiffly.
Q.—How can I get rid of ante
and roaches?
A.—Wash the kitchen pantry shelves and woodwork with a hot, strong solution of
a preventive
How Can I ? ?
NO
with
By: Anne Ashley
SNAPSHOT SERVICE
STAR
How To Make Money In Gold
Mine Stocks
and

I’untal Terminal A, T
in colouring and de-writea a cus--And
Q.—How caw I take proper of leather furniture?
A.—To clean leather ture add » title vinegar to warm water and then wipe dry. Re-<tore the polish with two table-
nos 12» |
••your duality
mm
reliable service.
* %%Vfr“BÜSîwflEi
Mounts.
charge.	¦	¦
Framed Kwlar*emeala 4“ * • .
If enlargement coloured 79c.
and addreaa plain-
care
Bray _¦ *¦
Hamilton. Ont. CATTLK FOR BAI.K
fumi
alum water, as against ants and roaches
Q.—How can I make a good
hair tonic ?
A.—By mixing one the best castor oil, two ounces of brandy, and two ounces of bay
• e •
use;
HAVE A LARGE STOCK OF
WE
ïTonth,üror(Jhlr?rlcear$“l5tt0n0d g
DYEING A GLEANING__
Hlw;Z.c£r"«|‘S"S
S’raffi
ronto.	———
K“Sfc	»«r
Company Ltd.. 2326 Duffertn St.. Toronto. __
There Is only one sure way to make money In gold mine GET THE FACTS.
ounce of
RECTAL SORENESS AND
stocks
BUY AND SELL ON FACTS. Each week we publish a Market Letter—the GOLD DIGEST —which gives all the Important news and facts about nil the Important Canadian Golds —Seniors, Juniors and Pros-
PILE TORTURE
aside
rum
QUICKLY RELIEVED
Sufferers of bleeding and protr uding piles should know Bunkers Herbal Pills treat the cause at its source. Money back If the first bottle does not satisfy. Buy from your druggist.
PILES
If you are troubled with Itching piles or rectal soreness, du not delay treatment and run the risk of lettlnf; this condition become chronic. Any Itching dr soreness or painful pas -age of stool Is nature’s warning and treatment should be secured
pects.
FREE TRI AL
The GOLD DIGEST will be sent for 6 weeks—without charge or bltgatton—to those who request
MIDDLE-AGE) WOMEN es)
it
proper
for*thl# purpose get a package of Hem-Hold from any druggist and
This formula
Print your name 1 y on all orders

as directed which Is used Internally Is a small easy	to	take tablet,	will quickly
relieve the Itching and soreness and aid In healing the sore tender spots. Hem-Hold Is pleasant to use. Is highly recommended and It seems the height of folly for any one to risk	a	painful and	chronic pile
condition when such a fine remedy may be had at such a small cost.
If you try Hem-Rold and are not entirely	pleased with	the results
your	druggist will	gladly return
your money.
MEDICAL
Redmond & Co.
FARMS FOR HALF.
'4sgrill
HEED THIS ADVICE::
FARM FOR some fruit, and tenant
’prompt^
234. Saskatoon.
HUNDRED ACRE eale, one acre grapes Modern house, room.
Toronto
:
330 Bay St.
If you’re cross, restless. NERVOUS-suffer hot flashes, dizziness-caused by this period In a woman's life-try Lydia E. Plnkham’e Vegetable Compound. Made especially for women. Hundreds of thousands re-
residence.
cold and hot water, bath-hydro, near Hamilton on No. 20 Highway. Eighty-1 iso Hundred. With stock, machinery, crop, Eleven Thousand. Martin Kovacs, Smith ville, Ontario.
NAME
event

markably helped. Follow label directions. Made In Canada.
W
ADDRESS
- (TKMSaVZ?
der cultivation. 40 acres hush Toronto.
shi
-SsSëïI
asms#
Toronto, Ont.
Store. 335 Elgin. Ottawa. Post-id $1.00
un
C’jfëe/eï
BREWING COMPANY LIMITED is proud to reproduce thl.
War Potter which reflects the greatness of the
FARM. 250 ACRES. 6 MILES FROM Ottawa at Gatineau Point. Two houses, both with outbuilding. Modern cow barn for 60 tv-ad.
Box 4£, 71 Ade-
current
Navies of Great Britain and Canada
Dairy contract laide St. W., Toronto
m
m?:
we
1
LAMBe ïSStlUS? DOWN
few Ewe
X".
REGISTERED
Ram Lambs, also a Lambs. Shand Bros.. R.R. 1, Hope ville. Ont.	______
V


ü

I

273 Bank Street. Ottawa, Canada.

FOR SALE

V
t
V
FORD'S HAMMERM1LL. CORN Sheller, 76 horse power Buda engine mounted on truck. Profitable grinding opportunity. Quick sale to close estate. Lloyd Simpson, Wallaceburg. Ont.
FOR SALE BLACKSMITH WOOD work, farm equipment business buildings, etc. Present owner car rled on profitably forty years Arthur Crone, Noltawa. On?____
I
Co
1
1917 Fargo cue tom feed
l

v
PATENTS
'Y555TKV5Sft2S? *£ïïffi2S
1890 ;	14 King West, Toronto.
Booklet of Information on request.	____




I
m




PERSONAL
120 WAYS TO MAKE MONEY AT home In spare time, 6 dollars a day. booklet of 124 pages one dollar postpaid. Mike 1 gnash, 141 Margueretta Ave.. Toronto 4, On^
RHEUMATIC PAINS______
READ THIS—EVERY SUFFERER of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy Munro’e Drug Store, 336 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid >1.00.
PL LLtfiTS	_
BARRED ROCK --------
Hybrids Sussex. 4 to 6 months, 135 to 186. Joseph Korrigan, Ay-ton. Ont.	-
?
I
-
I
?

I— FOOT BALM_______________________
BAUMEEKA FOOT BALM destroys offensive odor Instantly, bottla Ottawa agent Drug Store. Ottawa.

4bc

l
enman







HAIRDRESSING SCHOOL



LEARN HAIRDRESSING THE Robertson method. Information on request regarding Robertson's Hal rd reeling Academy, 137 Avenue Road. Toronto.


HAMPSHIRE*



HERBAL REMEDIES
THE BOOK OF HEALTH

LET
our next dual—purpose Shorthorn herdstre. Our present off lng Includes choice service age bulls and females. Alan Aldereon, Route 4, Hamilton.
SHORTHAND — TYPING
A new edition, Just printed. Larger and more compléta Tried and tested English Herbal Remedies will give you lasting relief. Rec
thousands of Can-
Ltd.. Saskatoon. Bask.

I


ommended by
#
HERBS
SHORTHAND
AND TYPING—IN 6 TO 12 WEEKS
SPEEDWRITING
ggg^^gNO-SIGN. NO-SYMBOL*
System
A Scientific, "Principle System- of shorthand, using the ABCs, fee ted during twenty years of teaching and worldwide use—endorsed by educators, approved by the business world, civil and military services. The Course Is clear, concise and complete, making home study easy and effective.
SPEEDWRITING SCHOOL OF
CANADA
1016 Ptgott Bldg., Dept. 7. Hamilton
HERBAL REMEDIES. WRITE FOR Free Catalog. Forty years’ experience. Nowell's Herbal Laboratory, 18 West Hastings Street, Vancouver, B. C.	_____
Famous


I
HORSES FOR SALE

FOR SALE—85 REGISTERED OR eligible to register Palomino and Tennessee Walking horses of grand champion blood lines. Send
L °off th, pru?!* FISHER'pAI^ OMINO FARMS. Souderton. Pennsylvania.	_______





DETECTIVE COURSE________
BECOME A DETECTIVE — MEN and women over 17, wanted to learn Detective work, secret sery-Ice. Easy course by mall. Write for free Information. M. Julien, Box 25. Station T., Montreal.
LIVESTOCK
TAPEWORM
i


STOMACH AND THREAD WORMS often are the cause of Ill-health In humans all ages. No one Immune? Why not find out If this Is your trouble? Interesting particulars—Free! Write Mulvene/e Remedies, Specialists. Toronto 8, Ont.	____________
•/

II YOUNG MILK COWS AND 8EV-eral young horses and colts. Madawaska Farm. Box 151, Arn-prlor. Ont
TRACTION ENGINE FOR SALE FOR SALE. GEO WHITE TRAC-
18 HP. Wilfred Renfrew, Ont

tlon en Schultz.
WANTED RELIABLE FARMERS who have ample pasture, feed and stable accommodation to rough winter feed and pasture number of young cattle for eight to twelve months for agreed price per pound of Increased weight. Write Post Office Box 878 Toronto.	__
#
TOO LATE — TOO LATE
NEXT SPRING DON’T LET IT BE said "too late." Send for our price list and order your baby chicks now. One dollar books your order. Goddard Chick Hatchery, Brlta nln Heights
v



Ont
%
TRACTOR AND EQUIPMENT
WE ARE THE ONLY AUTHOR1B-ed tractor dealer In Toronto carrying a stock of genuine Fordeoa tractor parts. Mall orders promptly filled. Ford-Fergxiaon tractors and parts also carried In stock. Truck-Tractor Equipment Company Limited. 34 Noble Street (at Queen West subway), Toronto.
Jt
PHOTO» R A PH T


r*
DON’T TRUDGE THROUGH
The Heat, Rale or Hell
HAVE YOUR SNAPS

11**
pittance to a power.
Delivered by Mell
Any « or 8 exposure film perfectly developed and printed for only 25c. Supreme quality and fast service guaranteed.
»
our
„££&-EE
TREES WANTED
WANTED QUANTITY OF LARCH willow trees. Hanger Company, 83 King St.. W, Toronto. OeL
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
Station J. Toronto
r,



###PAGE###8###
< <-1

i
4 '2»





J
*





M








>Mfy
r
Men s Overcoats !



'

y*#

GILBERT McMILLAN
Huntingdon County, Quebec
MAWMIM'	a • •> v . y. ;	%	,
r(:/.	'	'


y


That challenge the cold days of Winter U




«
i

m




(




In pure wool fabrics that have warmth, style and r tailoring
Meltons, Fleece and Tweeds
$19.50 ; $25.00 and $30.00





m
m
is

Vwy

I
'V


- •.

i

I



I
À



ik

fJL


11

»

?


'V

1

Men’s Work Shirts




%
E

j lllillip

That have that extra warmth Doeskin in three weights blue, brown, maroon and plaid checks
$1.50	$1.75	$1.95
an a*
f




i

4% W*
1
il
#

$

/
Boy’s all-wool Winter breeches, double seat and leather knees, sizes 24 to 34..........
Boys’ all wool Windbreakers, melton and frieze cloths, sizes 24 to 34
$2 95
$2 95 $3.95 $4.95
Store Closed Wednesday Afternoons
+
?
, '	&tgthind and
'haberdashery fdt men and boys


BREEDER OF INTERNATIONAL REPUTATION
‘gecomMMtU Victory Bonds
f*
V
\
à
AVI!
Mlst. We owe it to the men who on land, and sea, and in the air are risking their lives to protect our way of life.
•'2nd. We owe it to ourselves. Nearly every private citizen is today better off financially on account of the war, and it is no sacrifice on our part to contribute our gains.
"3rd. Those that have families or are likely to have, owe it to their children, for if history repeats itself, and it generally does, we will face a time a few years hence, when the money invested in Victory Bonds will save a lot of worry and hardship.
"4th. We owe it to Canada for the opportunity she gives us to live a life of freedom.
"I trust the Loan will prove that the hearts of the Canadian people are sound.”
HEREVER Ayrshire Cattle are bred in Canada and the United States, men recognize Gilbert McMillan of Huntingdon County, Quebec, as an authority on the breed. Mr. McMillan was for many years a director and president of the Ayrshire Breeders' Association and has judged Ayrshires at leading shows in both countries. In addition to his activities in the field of agriculture, Mr. McMillan finds time to devote to the interest of his own com-
He has served on the council of the
w
I


'1
%
FOR PIGS, CATTLE
POULTRY
Profits in Poultry
;

»
Xo mattes how good a laying strain your birds are, unless they ate healthy you will lose.
Proper feeding will keep them strong and healthy, able to resist disease and thus reduce mortality.
Proper and plentiful feeding is the only way to ensure the highest production of eggs.
North Star Laying Mash is the result of many years of
scientific research and experiment-when fed North Star
Feeds your birds will keep in good health and lay more eggs- as it supplies all the essential vitamins, minerals,
proteins, etc.
munity.
Township of Godmanchester and as school board commissioner, and is now a governor of
the Huntingdon County Hospital.
Speaking of Victory Bonds, Mr. McMillan says: "There are for me four very definite reasons why every citizen of Canada should support these loans ; . •




*


OTTAWA VALLEY GRAIN PRODUCTS
mm
ii
B
LIMITED
RENFREW, ONTARIO
ii

ML


5-49




}
f

initial


Elmside Women’s Institute

McCauley for t'.ieir October meet iug, with the ho*teas presiding.
Mrs. Gerald Ireland, secretary* read the minutes of previous meeting and the treasurer repotted $5200 on hand.
Hull call was answered by “domestic duties 1 like to do on the farm.
It was decided to send boxes to hoys from this district who are serving overseas, for Christmas.
These were packed at Mrs Gerald Ireland’s on October 22nd.
Meeting closed by singing “God Save the King	glgM
were served by the hostess
The November meeting will be held at Mrs. Harold Armitage
Mrs. Harold Fui ford was the hostess for the October meeting of El reside Women's Institute held on the 13th hist. Mrs. Murray presided assisted by the sec re tary. Mrs. F. Thomas.
Following the opening routine the minutes of the previous meet ing were read and adopted.
A discussion on Sha w ville Fair and points of the W. I exhibit was led by Mrs. Murray.
A letter was read from Mrs. Smailman, the provincial presi dent, and the treasurer’s report read and accepted.
It was decided co take up a collection at each meeting to keep up the overseas fund.
Mrs. Smith and Mrs. Armstrong were appointed to procure extra goods fm overseas boxes At the invitation of Mrs. Pirie, these were packed at her home.
Miss Sarah Campbell was ap pointed convener of National . and International Events, instead of Mrs. Bert Wilson, now residing in Renfrew.
“Seed industry in Canada” was the paper read by the convener of Agriculture, and Miss Emma Mel drum was in charge of the program which was “Flowers of the Yukon’.
At the conclusion of the meeting delicious refreshments were served by the hostess, assisted by Mrs. M, Stewart.
National War Finança Committer*
Sale oi Drawn Poultry Banned
Coupons to Expire at End of October
The following ration coupons will expire in the hands of consumers at October 31st:	Meat
coupons (pair?*) 17, 18, 19, 20 and 21. butter coupons 28, 29, 3U, 31, 32 and 33. Meat coupons 34 and 35 will fall due on Thursday, Oct. 28th.
Good Roof Is Essential
Wartime Prices and Trade Board Rulings
Under the revised poultry regulations of the Wartime Prices and Trade Board now in effect, the sale of Mdiawn” poultry is pro hibited. but a retailer may at the request of a customer, “draw” a bird and charge not move than ten cents for that service, providing the bird has previously been weighed and sold at the specified retail price.
To Keep House Preserved
Roof repair is one of the most important items on the list of essentials for maintaining homes in good condition, according to officials of the Federal Housing administration. :
There is no part of the house which shows neglect faster, and no pait of the house where neglect can have such serious effect as the roof. The roof is constantly exposed to the weather, and must take the brunt of storms, wind, as well as the direct rays of the sun. And because of this constant punishment from the elements it is particularly important that roofs be kept in good repair.
A1 loose shingle, for instance, should be attended to	ce. A loose
shingle is the breeding place for serious repair bills if it is neglected. Delay in fixing “bad” spots may allow rain and dampness to saturate The losa of a father, we loved so well, and rot the woodeu roof under-strac-
More e tub day we miss you, mother dear,
Friends may think the wound is healed,
But they little know the sorrow.
That lies within our hearts concealed.
Sadly missed by their loving daughters,



Refreshments
A system of controlled distribution of canned vegetables has been organized by the Prices Hoard to meet consumer needs during the winter months. The effect of this will be shortly to move into retail outlets, as the supply of fresh vegetables declines, the stocks of canned vegetables which were “frozen” in the hands of packer.- and wholesalers last July.




Wilson’s Garage
O
T tie Same Reliable Service
IN MEMORIAM
Present
Maximum prices at which onions may be sold by growers, shippers, wholsalers and retailers have been
r.
China Girl
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Black—In loving memory of a dear father, Joseph Black, jr., who passed away Oct. 31st, 1928, and Mrs. Joseph Black, jr„ who passed away
established by the Prices Board

Starring :
Gene Tierney George Montgomery
Packing Restrictions Will Save, Cardboard
It is estimated that two restrictions upon the packing ot tobacco which have recently been ordered will save as much as 300 tone of cardboard annually. This order prohibits the use of certain types of tobacco packages and establishes a maximum weight for the caidboard used in other container». The manufacture of jumbo display packages is also piohibitcd.

Ford Service
on March 20th, 1937.
Quickly and suddenly came the call.
His sudden death surprised us all; Dearer to memory than words can tell

at
Shell Sealed' Cas & Oils
SHAWVILLE THEATRE
Tuesday, Nov 2nd

turc. Boards are apt to swell and pull away from their fastenings if permitted to get water-SÔakeâ.
In addition to the damage to the roôf itself, wpfer seeping through also is apt tp cause plaster to fall from walls and ceiling#, and stain 1 wallpaper and room furnishings.
J. P0 Wilson

Main Street Shawville Quebec
Phone 40 S>

Cartoon and Movietone News Time- 8.3C p. m.
Onslow Corners Women’s Institute

Onslow Corners Women’s Institute met ml the home of Mrs. John

Cham/'Ttb and Ma by


—


