###PAGE###1###
1


No. 9( 61st Year
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY,
AUGUST 2tkh, 1943
lsSjôlS^iioTjonïn former PERSONAL MENTION
resident of Charteris district died
“ h" hon“’ " Mc0"11' Ml.. V,„	of OtU... I.
spending a vacation with relatives Auction S/lb—Auctioneer Ain- in town and vicinity.
eShE? êrB kvïr-
D. Cuthbertson, near Bristol Cor- Mi. Grant Armstrong spent the WÊÊ	HHH HiH
ners, on Friday. Sept. 3rd. 8ale ^ek-end in Ottawa, a guest of [gracie-On Monday, August 23 will begin at 1.00 o’clock sharp Mr. and Mrs. Walter Wilson. ,	1043, at Berrys Bay, Ont., Hugh
Everything to be sold without Miss Nell Imison, ot Montreal, Is J)!'*?)' Grace, beloved husband reserve. Terms:—Cash.	I	visiting at the home of her father,	of Lillian Horner, of Shawville.
Mr. H. I mi-on, tor a few weeks.	»	?.n<^ 80,1 the late Mr. and «Mrs.
y * isa i * _	.	Martin Grace, of Killaloe.
Miss Lyl Steele, ot Ottawa,	is	mains rested at Barry's Bay,
spending a vacation at the home until Wednesday morning, ol her sister, Mrs. Karl Horner. miiem high mass at filial
Mr. and Mrs. Stafford Nelson, of Friday at 0 a m. and burial in open for the Fall term on Wednes- North Buy, visited at the home of 8te Andrew s Cemetery, Killaloe.
day, September 1st.	I Mr. and Mrs. Ben hen Smith this McClkarv—At the homo of hi«
wee**	' son, \Vm \\\ McCleary, Bristol
I «VOCATE. BARRISTER,
his 91st year. The funeral was 12& MainSt.«Hull,’Que» held at two o’clock on Monday ? »	u . . .	.... «
afternoon. Service was conduct I	* e “ote*f Campbell • Bay
pd at the Penecostal Mission, •?•ry Wednesday morning Bristol Ridge. Interment at the | At PontistHouse, Shawville Village Cemetery, Shawville.
BIRTHS
Gowling


III
Mee —At Pontiac Community Ho* ,
Ï.“ÏÆ“!W".,!Ï'S1 BUSINESS
Mrs. Eldrid Mes (nae Florence Grant) a daughter.

1
College
/
I#

283 Bank Street OTTAWA, CANADA
DEATHS
Never were Stenographers in such df Aland as now. We are conducting a short intensive course. B.'gin at once and help your country.
tlWlMEÏÔîr
<
Open all Summer
Re-

SchoSli Open September l»t
high gloss
W. E. COWLING President

N. W. BRAITHWAITE Prinicipal
Re

Wnu*y
_ PffODUCTi
Shawville High School- nnd the Rural Schools of the district will
brilliant colcr beauty
Easily applied. Dries hard with * ^ brilliant high gloss. 26 gorgeous colors. Resists wear, heat, spilt coffee, alcohol, etc. For canoes, garden furniture, autos, as well as indoor surfaces. You can't get a finer enamel.
06 on
JAMES A. MILLAR
a
r
I

Bishop of Montreal to be	I Miss Edith Tubman, of Ottawa.
Special Speaker at Memorial Service «pent the week-end with her parents Mr. and Mrs. George Tubman cf Greermouut.
etc.

>

The Rt. Reverend John Dixon.
B ishop of Montreal, has accepted I Mrs. Evelyn Johnston, ot Ottawa an invitation to be the speaker at was. a guest at the of home Mr. the aqnual Cemetery Memorial and Mrs. Asa Latighreti during Service on September 19tb.	-	| the past week.
Wednesday el Noon
109
MARRIED
Miss Sadie Ttigman, is spending a brief vacation at the home of her sister, Mrs. Grant McAllister, at Belleville, Ont.
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Clayton Campbell Officially Reported Missing
Ralphs—Myers
The marriage of Miss Beverley Aero Findlay Myers, daughtei of Mr. and Mrs. Albert Walker Myers of Notre Dame de Grace, to Lieut.
John Frank Ralphs. C. A U Mr. and Mrs. Frank Ralphs, also of Notre Dame de Grace, took place at four o'clock Saturday afternoon, July 17, in Wesley United Church. The ceremony was performed by Rev B. B Brown, assisted by Rev. F. Tripp, who officiated at/the marriage of the bride's parents 25 years ago.
A profusion of summer flowers transformed the altar into a pic fcure with tall white calls lilies, baskets of red rosea and blue del* phiniums, with rose covered arches in the back groupd, connected by a xvbite-railiug against which white flower- were placed Guest pews were tied with huge white bows and bunches of white daisies.
Mr. J. W. G. Kendal! was at the organ, and Mrs Hugh Shoobridge wn|j “Because*1 and “I Love You
Mr Cavafy -Sinclair, of Noranda,	Miss Mary Myers	the bride's
Que., is spending a vacation with sister, was maid of honor, and his mother, Mrs.. Samuel Sinclair, Miss Marilyn Carson, con-in of the and other relatives in town.	bride, Miss Doreen Wilson, and
I I m I	¦¦ Mj	Miss Lillian Bertrand were brides*
A one third increase in tea and Miss Amy Corngan returned maids. Mr, Daniel Orton Ralphs coffee rations has been announced home last week after spending a was best limn for his brother, by the Wartime Prices and Trade vacation at the home of Mr and while the ushers were L ac: Philip Board. The increase becomes Mrs. Math McKell, Aubrey, Que. Ro*s, L AC John Dickinson, and
effective on September 2, when Mr. and Mr.. Wallace Wilson. ^P* We*ley Smiley, all ot the
the tea and	coffee	eonpone	m	the of Toronto, are spending a vaca-	A .	.	„	.
.No. 3 Ration Book becomes valid. tion ttt tbe hl)my of the former*g Given to marriage by he, father.
The increase is in line with the mother, Mrs. Thos B. McDowell. the bride wore a gown of white declared Prices Board policy of	slipper satin, with chiffon yoke
making miximum amounts at any	Stewart vhilderhose and outlined in seed pearls, shirred
rationed commodity available. The children, ot Cobden, spent the bodice, long tight sleeves and full Board stated that the ration would week-end at the home of her skirt extending into a short tram, be further increased at any time cousin, Mrs. Perley Richardson. white kid gloves (which had been
when the supply position permits. Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Seieney and wortl bV her mother at her m u lt is felt that if ocean shipping daughter. Alias Lorna, of Braeside, riage ) Her veil of gold and white conditions continue to enlarge the were gne-ts at the home of Mr Fansian lace was shined in halo supply, another increase in this ftlld Mrs. C. N. Woodley this week, effect, and held in place with ration will be made before the end •	__	white rose buds, extending beyond
of tbe year.	| . Mr. and Mrs n. L. Smiley and her train She carried a cascade
daughter, Betty, of Coppered iffe, bouguet of white Better Time ruses.
.	, aie spending a vacation with	with gold streamers.
Billy Horner	and	Douglas	MacKechnie J 1 Natives and friends in this dis	The reception was held	at	the
home of the bride's parent*, where
Mr. and Mrs. Melbourne Dale, of wllite 8”ramer flowers predomin'
£bff-Hp H	462 B,“
mination contest held at the Ex- Miss Marion Towed, of the Ot-
perlmental Farm, Ottawa, and on taxva Car Co., is spending a two *n Wesley l mted Church, Mont Socialists on all' Visual and Muscular the farm of. Mr. William Henry, months’vacation at the home of real, «t four o clock on Saturday City View. The Shawville buys her mother, Mrs, Sam Towell, at t,ie wedding took place of Miss
succeeded in leading the competi Cbaiteri*.	Mary Frances Horner Myers, T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
mm saps sieü I
later this Fall in the Provincial • Flying Officer Norris Brough, F. SI ad eu, CM G,, C.X O. and tin Dairy Cattle Judging Competition, and Section Officer, Mary Pullen, late Mrs. Sladen. of Ottawa, Rev. where it is expected that they °l Ottawa, were week-eud guests H B Brown, officiated, will give a good account of them- at the home of the former's par* A profusion of summer flower?
ents, Mr. and Mrs. A, G Brough decorated the chinch with whit*
............
endon Womens Institute was held ®lUs« M|.	Wellington bunches of baby's breath.
on Friday afternoon at the home Armstrong.	Mr. Bernard Leshley was at tin ,	..,
Of Mrs. Pearl Garrety, with twelve Mr and Mrs. R W. Schualm organ and Mrs. Hugh Shoobridge OU âlAfVILLE members and. several visitors pie and family, ot Noranda, visited at sang “A ve Maria” and “Because * | orlnvw v IWUfce sent.	•	the home of Mr. and Mrs. William Attending her sister as matron of
After the opening exercices. Tubman, Charteris, and other honor was Mrs. J. F. Ralph-correspondence was read and the friends in the district during the while Miss Jean Leggo, countu-td Fall Fair exhibit was discussed. past week. »	-	1	the bridegroom, or Ottawa,
Mrs. W J. Murray, County Pre-	m	„	.	, v,.	Miss	Barbara ¦¦
sident, addressed the meting.	^pr. Ck^ce Hudson, of Vic-	Toronto, were	bridesmaids.	Mi
her topic being, ' the Airusr and I	[v/î VV Parents Morris Kimpton, of Roseiuerc
naming a beauty spot in Pontiac Mis» Marilyn Shouldice, of Rupert, is the bride wore a blush slippe.
A musical quiz was won by Mrs. spending a holiday with relatives st dress having a fitted scallop
T. Stephens and Miss M. Corrigan. | yarm She ia a niece to Hursf Hodgin* •<* torso An(1 *9 trimming, tin>
An interesting feature of the .	.	covered buttons. The full *kiri
meeting was an exhibit of child- JS* *• Hodgios left on •Wednesday on fell into 21 short train. For orna hood photos.	hts return home to \ anguard after a two	ment	she wore	a pearl-studded
At the close of the meeting re j	weeks’ holiday. Forty years ago he was	heart	shape pin,	the gift of	the
fresh nient* wereù served by the on the staff of The Equity. He informs I bridegroom's mother. Her long hostesses, Mrs. Garret y and Mn».u8 he has missed only two copies of The I white tulle veil was caught witli L Horner* assiitèd bv Mi's. T. ' Equity since be went west in 1906 and I r'w® buda and she carried a shower Stephens and Mrs. W, Horner. „ that was when he changed his address, "bouquet of Joanna Hill 1 uses and
#	baby's breath.
Graduate of McGill University
I SHAWVILLE,QUE.
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
4 Estate C. J. Caldwell f-
Clayton Campbell, son of Mr*. Miss Norma Dale has returned Campbell and the late Win. D. to Ottawa after spending a vaca-Caraphell, of Wyman, is now tion with her parents, Mr. and officially reported missing after Mrs. W111. Dale, air operations over enemy territory.
son of
••
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Mr. C. H. Peteman, of the staff of the Montreal Star, was a weekend guest at the home ot Mr. and Mrs. E. U. Dahtus,
Advocate Barrister ; Solicitor, etc
Office : Campbell's Bay, Quebec (In Lawn Block)
Grandson of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Chisnell, Killed in Action
Mr. and Mr a. Clarke Cowan and Miss Nets Burnside, of Ottawa. On Monday evening, Mr. and I visited relatives and friends in Mrs. W O Chisnell. of Shawville, town for the week-end.
iSsMs &
active service, on August 17th.	111,8	|	| ¦
He was a member of the Cana- Mr and Mrs. R. N. Black 1er, of dian Tank Corp. His last letter Ottawa, spent last week at the home stated that he expected to home of Mrs. Blackler’s parents, see his brother, Norman, who has Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Black, been overseas for two years.	Mrs. Herbert Peter km and Miss
Besides bis parents, g rand par- Grey, of Ottawa, were recent ents and brother, he is survived | guests at tile home of Mr. aud
SCHOOL OPENING
September 1st
DONAT Le GUERRIER
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
Branch at Quyon ; will cal any Monday on request
Matters dealt with l y et i iu] ci dene

>
Mrs. W, Tubman, Cbav ter is.

C
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT - BARRISTER
HULL, QUEBEC Consultations by Appointment
(
ï
)
Tea aid Coffee Rations Increase in September
k



ÿt
€

r
m
w
i
D. J. CAMPBELL
)
0
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
2
\
)
DR. H. K. NEILSON
V)
g
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat
SPECIALIST
Procure your School Supplies early
Pens Pencils Crayons Scribblers Note Pads Scrap Books Scratch Pads Writing Pads Exercise Books ~ Loose-leaf Books Loose-leaf Refils Blank Drawing Books Mathematical Instrument Sets
?
ONT.
OTTAWA.
PHONE, j 2-7961

BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
Win Judging Competitions
Cor. Gladstone
•f
ONTARIO
OTTAWA
1
Sladkn—Myers
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Eye Defects
Reg Optometrist
Gordon T. Paul
I N SU RANCE
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
selves.
Clarendon Women’s Institute
QUE

«nr
Shoobridge.
ol

Talking1 Pictures
Jackie Cooper
Ink, Leads, Chalk, Rulers, Erasers, Musilage, Pen Points, Paper Clips

Jane Withers
m

in

Her First Beau
lies fathe»
at
THE W. A. HODCINS STORE
Shawville Theatre
Thurs. Aug. 28th,
1 At 9.00 p. m.
Shawville
Quebec

V
>

###PAGE###2###
%
HISTORIC CHATEAU FRONTENAC MAKES HISTORY AGAIN
UNLISTED STOCKS
OTTAWA REPORTS

#

That Rationing & War Restrictions In Canada at In England are not likely to be lifted soon and that subsidies have been of great benefit to the ordinary
criticism.

P

MB
Bought - Sold • Quoted


1
m
Our Unlisted Department will supply latest information and quotations on all Canadian companies.
CORRESPONDENCE INVITED
The war situation la Infinitely Imprt veil, tit a trhimvirate of dictators has tracked with the crash of MUh*nllnl, ami the submarine e is slowly but surely being pusîh ! hick from North American . yet the time has not ar-v\ ii ii Canadians may look for a q.i ck lifting of rationing tnd t riet ions.
/
s ,	¦
KiiM
mena
C. C. FIELDS & CO
ê*
w a î
râ
riv
m
l
6
Members I oronlo Stock Exclisng®

w
w i
«•
g of the shipping situ->f sente navig v s. fttul perhaps more par-the lilting of coffee rathe Vnitc'd States has e to some hopes In Can nmediate ameliorations of ns. ami an occasional ex-
pm
u
<
•>*
WA. 4731
TORONTO
200 BAY ST.
a

uc
K
4
i 1

tu
A*

1


i
fWl

.V

rrm
1 !1
art

Roy Scouts. At Annapolis S3 ot I ho 51 graduates were Scouts, at fini U S. Naval Academy, 18 of Hie 1» honour students were Scouts, arvj 38 of the 72 graduates at the Toast Guard Academy were also Scouts.
t„ Regent of an I O U K. Chapter iu the city.
Shortage of manpower

gi'

mi a 4
tl*



left the

t
à *
%
Mary's Church,
i of opinion that those re-!e aro tardy about acting.
caretaker of 81.
Windsor with more work than he
accomplish with
pi
- V


sponsi
But tiie word from those at the


V/
could possibly the church, parish hall, cemetery, and large grounds to care Hearing of his plight,
Windsor Roy Scout Troop, tarhed to the church, have solved the problem by allotting a Patrol each week to assist the caretaker

helm I- not yet. Canadians, for the lime being, are to remain fully "at war.” on the home front as well ns on the war front.
for.
Baden-Powell Fund, raised by the Boy Smuts of Great Britain as a memorial to the founder of the Scout Movement haa now reached the $500,000 mark. The money has all been invested In war bonds, and at the close of thv war a memorial building wilt he erected In Ixnidott is a centre for the youth ol the world.
Memorial
The
& *
V*.
the 27th
at-
I

Subjected to restrictions on a n.it on.tl scale for the first time in their history. Canadians have reach d remarkably w ell to official limitations and ' don'ts." Not by
4
'>A

!i CWS
in his work.
À


W

The award of the Victoria Cross to Wing Commander Guy
hero of the dam busting
thi h': .-«'st stretch of imagination
has
of the British ami
R
of Mr. Churchill at Quebec and the conference
Frontenac will be followed later by a meeting wira
weeks.
The startling appearance
War Cabinets in the historic Chateau
The hotel has been taken over bv the Government for Severn
aliening in Canada meant privation in any commodity, nevertheless it is recognized by the authorities that it took considerable self discipline for a nation of fr
p« oj> p to ilon quiescently and patient! v war-time's restrictive “har-
Gibson,
raid on Germany, brings to live
the number nf Boy B< out^ lllllllllll
awarded the Victoria
Canadian Mr. Roosevelt.
«
who
Not only are wdmen taking on many men's tasks in wartime, but they are becoming very active as Wolf Cub leaders.
verse approximately (5,000 miles, w Mb a hit of a breather in between.
The east bound trip from Montreal was a record, clipping off 25 minutes from the previous best min-stop flight from Montreal to Britain. Un both trips large consignments of army mail were carried. On the record breaking east-bound trip the plane was in < It irg> of ('apt. Ronald F. George, operating manager of Trans-Can-ad i Air Unis, while on the return we I bound Journey the plane was in charge of (’apt. M. H "Jock” Barclay, also of the T C A. serv-
au empty stotv rh, which may have the odd result of making the Germans hunger for Invasion.
Kilnmnton Journal.
VOICE
have been Cross in Mills w ar.
and hitherto unrestricted
t t
1 H F
O F
fn
a recent
leaders' training course near Halifax. NS, of the 17 taking the course 11 were Lady Cubmaatera.
»
PRESS
Ten of the honour graduates at the United States Military Academy at West Point were former
o
ness " And there is no grumbling today throughout the nation.
SADDER AND WISER
The claim has been made that not enough attention is p id to iMlueating the pedestrian. So a lot of them step out and acquire bumps of knowledge.
- Kingston Whig-Standard.
BOMBING OF ROME
Protest (against the bombing of Romo) would be unbecoming from those who failed to raise their voices against the bombing of Warsaw. Rotterdam and London and of cathedrals like Coventry. Canterbury and Westminster. Would that the enemy had taken a hundredth part of the care displayed by the Allied Air Force in this military bombing of Rome.
—Winnipeg Tribune.
FUNNY BUSINESS
S<«.ted in press conference with Canadian newspapermen in the parliament buildings at Ottawa a few days ago. Sir John Anderson, Lon! President of Britain's Privy Council, and charged particularly with responsibilities concerning Britain's home front, said that the people of Britain, much more heavily restricted In their personal eating and pleasure habits, remained patient, with no signs whatever of restiveness under their heavier burdens. The only reaction to recent victories noticeable in the old land, he said, was a tendency to take a holiday, a day at the sea shore—a bit of travel which Is not encouraged by the British authorities because of Its utilization of needed transport facilities.
m


n





COMPANY K
MESS
n
4

WHAT SETTLES IT
It isn't what a man says that counts. It's his wife's r ply.
42



/
&
Tv
>¦
//
r
i
N
s
Canadian Corn Needed Immediately
\

< X
Jack and Pals
(>—
Z
N6 NUTS FOR JAPAN
Japan in pre-war days, lived on exports of silk. Then she stole the rubber producing areas of the Orient. Now the rest of the world is learning how to make and use rayon and other synthetic textiles as substitutes for silk, and, also, how to make rubber. Japan may repeat the story of the hoy and the filberts.
—Port Arthur News Chronicle.
—o—
FIRST PRIZE
We still think the funniest remark about a Victory Garden is the one credited to Jack Benny, who said: "My potato crop turned out well. Some are as big as marbles, some as big as peas, and, of course, there are quite a few little ones ' —Hank In St. Thomas Times Journal.
In an infer view with Mr. (î. I '.
% Benson Jr., President of the Canada Starch Company Limited, discussing a recent dispatch from Ottawa which said tint in view of the fact that deliveries of corn had not been maintained by the Canadian Farmers, supply stocks were dwindling rapidly, he stated that the situation with regard to corn supply is one of the utmost urgency to the Starch Industry.
The industry produces many essential foods and also special starches and adhesives used In the manufacture of war material. The Canadian Government is now permitting the Importation of corn from the United States, and realizing the imperative nerd for this grain in vital war Industries is providing subsidies for this purpose.
Mr. Benson said that the Starch Industry for some years has been encouraging Canadian Farmers to grow more hybrid corn. Ho indicated the Canadian Price Ceiling was extremely fair and even high In comparison with other grains. He urged the Canadian Farmer to make deliveries regularly of reasonable quantities of corn in order that they may retain the Canadian market for their corn.
A Vermont farmer was plowing i field with one horse, but he was veiling "GiddaP. Jack. Gjddap, Jerry. Giddap, Casey. Giddap Cromwell.”
A stranger passing by asked: “How many names does your horse have?”
“Oli.” said the farmer, "his name is Jack, hut he doesn't know his own strength. So. i put blinders on him and yell all those other names. He thinks he has other horses helping him.
/TCI
mm
»
MBv

•hi V,

//

If was unofficially estimated here over the week-end that Canada's effort to protect her prie* celling through subsidization of certain commodities would cost the federal • treasury this fiscal year $20(1.000.000 instead of the $120.000.000 which Finance Minister .1. L llsley got from Parliament in money vote. The Wartime Prices and Trade Board had no figures rçady which would support or contradict that estimate hit about the ¦nme *tme Finance Minister llsloy announced In Saskatchewan that the price celling on the necessities of life had saved the people of Canada approximately $1.150,-ono pro during the last two years.
/
n
[**•

y/,u'rr/,KU/tt'
mi/i Vs'to* '	#
, / / /

i
•9
me T M «1C 0 1 ?At. Off
' •	"9
*•**//%	9 * •
Shipbuilding In U S. Shows Remarkable Growth
V
* IWÎIŸ Nl
vie
“We were going to have roast beef and boiled potatoes, but a rookie drove Im tank through the kitchen!**
The story of shipbuilding in the United States: In 1939, one ship every 13 days; in 1940, one ship r erv seven days, in 1941, one ship every three and a half days: in April. 1912. one ship a day; In June, 1912. two ships a day; in September, 1912, three ships a day; in December. 1912, four ships a day : and in March, 1943, five ships a day.
PROPAGANDA FOOD
Ooehbels is telling his countrymen the British never attack on
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
A
#8#


X

/
%


WILL-VUM.
y

%
VSSJ
%
/? ? X // // .Vrz///
a
y
-
S/S/S/s\' '////x /////7I
Y//rr
s


77/' //
So that the fact would seem to be that the ordinary man’s home, the home of the worker with a group of children to feed and clothe, is materially benefitting from Canada’s price ceiling and subsidization policier, let the latter cost be the $120,000.t>00 estimated or the $200.000,000 which more recently has been unofficially claimed.
x
VX/7


*
*
9
i
-
z
/
x


z


SCOUTING ..
X
/

%


z

//
r
f
It 'spite the _ great shortage ot leaders for Scout Troops in Canada due to enlistments in the forces, Scouting at Truro, N.S., carries on with plenty of vigor. The secret is that from the nearby Royal Air Force station at Debart, British Scouts have taken up the work and are running or assisting with 19 Wolf Cub Packs and Boy Scout Troops. The station also has its own Rover Scout (Tew with 24 members, and Group Captain Woodin. station O.C., encourages the work so that the men might be proficient Scout leaders on their return to Great Britain.
/
1

Atlantic Round Trip Made in Fast Time

I
X»
l
\
Kite
The increasing speed of air service is indicated by the fast time made on the round trip of a big plane operated by Trans-Canada Air Lines crews in Jhe newly established Canadian Government wartime trans-Atlantic service. The plane which took off from Montreal Airport late on a Thursday afternoon, reached the British Isles in the record time of 12 hours, 26 minutes, landing early Friday morning. With just over 24 hours on land, the same plane started off for Canada on Saturday afternoon and arrived in Montreal Airport early Sunday 15 hours and six minutes after takeoff, having faced rainstorms throughout the entire crossing.
Thus, less than 72 hours, or three days as Canadians usually I mark time, were required to tra-
$1.00 SENDS 300
Axis Plane Output Doubled By U. S.
’ BRITISH CONSOLS”, ’’LEGION ”, "MACDONALD'S MENTHOL", ’SCOTCH BLENDS" or "EXPORT"
Cigarettes
or I lb. Tobacco — BRIER SMOKING or any MACDONALDS FINE CUTS (with papers) also DAILY MAIL CIGARETTE TOBACCO Postpaid to Soldiers in the Canadian Army OVERSEAS and CANADIANS IN UNITED KINGDOM FORCES.
Moll Order and Remittance fo:—
/
« xfoy//
United Nations aircraft production now is about three times Axis output, by the estimate of #ome United States Government officials, with American producers alone putting out nearly double the combined Axis total.
United States in May produced between 7,100 and 7,200 planes, with June production figures expected to show another increase. By comparison, about 2,200 planes a month are estimated to be coming from plants in Germany, in Nazi-occupied countries and in Hitlers satellite nations. Japan is thought to be producing about 1,200 aircraft monthly and Italy around 600.
%

E
#

The
Xt
Eleven-year-old Donald Penrose, of Winnipeg, has the highest record for war service of any Boy Scout in Manitoba. Recently Donald was presented with his 700-Hour War Service Badge, work has ranged from collecting magazines, paper and fats, to sewing quilts and making doughnuts. He is a Wolf Cub, and his mother
%



4*
X

ThliOffer subject toanychinieln Government R?gubbii«
His
/2-9

/ -
% (R'lsetel Sv	FmiipmI
«r*;
z


z
m
“You both had serious operation* . . , hut let me tell you about the
time I had to take castor oil!!”
REGULAR FELLERS—Spells Trouble
By GENE BYRNES
OH, THROCKMORTON/ JEST A MINUTE ' r

THE TROUBLE IS WE DON'T OWN AN/ COLORED FLAGS, SO I'LL NAFTA DOPE OUT X SOMETHIN' DIFFRUNT/
GOSH, THIS 15 DEEP STUFF,' BUT I'LL HAFTA STUD/ IT IF IM GONNA JOIN THE NAVX.'
BUT I BETCHA MOTHER WON'T BE MAD WHEN SHE HEARS I MADE AtXI A GENAWINE
ADMIRAL L
l IN MY NAVX )
Speed of Animals Clocked on Road
m
*
X


N5
JaCiC rabbits under the stimulus ef being chased by an automobile, Save been clocked at 45 miles per Sour, says the Calgary Herald. Under the same conditions a young Suck deer reached 49 miles'. Pronghorn antelope have frequently b^en measured In full flight from automobiles and airplanes at • top speed of 60 r.lles an hour. Thus the antelope Is a mile away by the time that the rattlesnake Sas Just started. However, the rattler relies on poison rather Sto speed to save himself.

-

SI6NAI
6Û
9
"T1,
lU #
Vi
Oo o
FLA6
: #
•Jr
CODE
%
A
» N

i
I

I
i
i


v

i
!
• #

, /


: | r-
•


lbRA
D H r# * ¦	*	^94

###PAGE###3###


BLITZ VETERAN IN ACTION AGAIN
hese days, when tea must yield the utmost in flavour, quality is of supreme importance. Ask for
s
i

I
-

çow

? ?
/
.y
n

/
r°P/
/
w

À
?
¦° r-
¦ <;





m

O


P’V

4
4
such doubtful circumstances, she would not retire*.
“Any news?'* Dickie asked the chatelaine of the beautiful house.
“None; except that my absurd Enrico has not yet been hung on a lamp post," she yawned. affectedly unconcerned, though Inwardly seething with apprehension, for, even after n lapse of many years, she continued to adore her husband. "But lie and the president and the others cannot get through. T:.o roads have been wrecked and the insurgents are more or less in control. 1 advised Enrico to go to bed and have a good sleep until this trouble rights itself."
"If the trouble spreads, 1 think it would be as well for you and Dolores to come over to the Consulate," offered King Higgins over the rim of a sizzling tumbler.
"We'll hold the fort here—It's our fort," said Donna Elenora, who always remembered her British birthright in time of trouble and doubt.
Then a bomb exploded alarmingly close; there was excitement, bugles railed; a ragged volley was fired. Across the Plaza a building flickered Into flame. The mob call for Lalallette.
"If might he better If you and your people Came across to the Consulate—In time." King Higgins said to his hostess.
"They might get clean out of hand; and Don Enrico is a national figure—mobs like to destroy public monuments."
)
KING HIGGINS
11
r.
1
m
7


C
i.
L7
By


CAPTAIN FRANK H. SHAW
-VX
CHAPTER XXI
King Iggins went hat k to him Consulate. In him patio he surprisingly me* Wynne.
“How's everything ?" he asked.
"Mycroft's crashed—dead," said Wynne. My croft, warn the pilot of the evening plane for Callano.
“Hood Lord’ Poor devil a good ¦rout, too!"
Wynne, It appi Tired, had grown anxious over the non arrival of Mycroft, usually as reliable as a clock on his flying schedule; and, a 'plane having been repaired, had set out to Investigate. He had located the missing plane on a level stretch.
"Fortunately the hum hadn't taken fire. Mycroft was right In the middle, neck broken, there had been dirty work, thought—at a glance."
Dickie both looked and felt grim.
"Did you bring him in, Wynne?" he asked, and Wynne nodded.
"1 brought some of the flying wires too; those that had been monkeyed with," supplied Wynne.
"It wP! have to he Investigated.”
"How are things up at the mines?" asked Dickie.
6





9

V-


m

m
!
z
4
. ^
I
1
r

IIÎ
î
V'4
J
WISHES


f<


x



;

»
i
‘"«ni
*#*###
'• Oil.


<
officials said, with a gr-itljr
Cool. Spread your favorite light cake ice cream. Cut in squares and on each press on one of the pe. ch halves. Sjrve with a thick raspberry syrup.
Cantaloupe and Peach a la Mode
Cut small, very ripe, chilled cantaloupes in with fruit sugar. Kill centres with sliced sweetener peaches, top with whipped or ice cream.
Pear Tapioca
H cup quick tapioca
1 cup boiling water Vi teaspoon salt
3	tablespons lemon juice
1	tablespoon orange juice
2	tablespoons syrup from maraschino cherries
Vg cup corn syrup ripe large pears
Cook tapioca in double boiler with water and salt until clear. Add lemon and orange juice. s>rup from cherries, sugar and torn syrup. Peel and core pears, place in baking dish with cavity up. Place cherry in each cavity. Pour over tapioca mixture, bake until pears are tender. Serve cold with whipped cream.
Pear Conserve
reel and pare one peck pears, run through food chopper weigh, and for each pound of pears add % lb. sugar. Put fruit sugar and cup water in preserving kettle. Let come to a good boil ; add grated rinds and strained juice of two lemons and 1 can grated pineapple; V6 cup chopped candied ginger. Cook two hours, stirring occasionally; then pour into jars and seal.
pany
expanded post war market In prospect tor the material.
And
Providing continued comfj- : fur allied fliers and a slash of over 75 per cent In cost to the government, bound hair was Firestone's answer to Army and Navy needs for a material to replace sc «rce rubber in aviation cushions.
I
A veteran of the Hattie of Britain during which he maintained a constant stream of vocal opposition to the German raiders, "Hob," a terrier with a rather dubious parentage, is at war again, serving this time with the Canadian troops in the Mediterranean. “Boh” now recognizes Pte. Peter Bross, of St. Boniface, Man., as his master and was smuggled aboard a troopship in a kit bag by four of Bross’ comrades. "Bob” seems to be trying to make up his mind between seasickness and a good romp.
sprinkle
half,
Bound hair is composed ch efly of hog hair, mixed with smaller amounts of cattle tail hair and reclaimed rubber. Used in parachute back fillers, parachute setts, pilot seats, bombardier pads and many similar products, the material also promises important economies to civilian buyers.
During the spring of 1942 the use of foamed latex was rest, iv.ed to such an extent that The Firestone Tire & Rubber Com;; an y was forced to seek a suita stilute to fill war needs. Within a few weeks, the company w is producing a material that i all military specifications.
The material also contrit,l the war effort by conserving m tal. Bound hair cushions Cua >e made full depth, thus eliin: -ting springs. 1/ springs are i the bound Bair can be use 1 *•> a pad over the springs.
firestone was able to cot: - rt rapidly to virtually any cu- lion required in the aviation line, since it had built up large and modern sewing facilities in the peacetime manufacture of its foamed ia>x mattresses.
The lower price of the brand hair is expected to lead to its wide use in furniture, automobile seats and other cushions after the war.
Fort Juan hits gone over, said Dickie pointing. The fortress guarding the harbour mouth, had hoisted the red flag of insurrection.
TABLE TALKS
4 4
SADIE B CHAMBERS
"A lot of ash and some lava falling. The peons began to look ugly; but Spofforth got them in hi id. X helped.” He looked momentarily grim. "These were a few minor earthquake shocks, too. If Callano brisks yp a whole lot mere, the lava stream might In vii.Ie the workings.”
"I wonder if the time hasn't come for some of us who re not Hi: atalans to lend a hand?” said Dickie, his Jaw squared like a cliff.
"I’m game to do anything- legal or illegal,” agreed the airman.
“Well,” said pickle; "I've got an Idea.”
"Well, we can do our bit." said Wynne. "I'll set about my end of It now.”
"Good luck!" said Dickie.
Ho was standing on the flag draped balcony of the Consulate, staving out at the Plaza Grande, at glowing Monte Callano. A number of conflagrations showed over the roofs of the surrounding buildings; but thus far the mob had not invaded the great square.
Yet, even as King Higgins watched, a minor fracas broke out as it were under his very nose; a knot of National Guardsmen broke away from the impromptu btvou-cas which filled the Plaza; when a platoon challenged them, the men opened fire. Then one of them playfully lobbed a hand grenade at the front of the Consulate; It struck at the gill o a ground-floor window and exploded there, with a monstrous shattering of glass.
Dickie went inside, rummaged around until he found yet another British flag; and, half-choked with the flying dust, he coolly draped it over the damaged window — a typical Briton's gesture In the face of difficulty.
Some Tasty Desserts For Early Autumn
"Dios!" ejaculated Donna Kle-"Dios! Look at the A)mi-
nor a ;
rante Higgins. Dickie!"
The rain had stopped though tin clouds still hung low. He fell ex un»rated even through his natural tiredness.
“I.slept throughout the trouble,” said Miguel, as innocent of first causes as it was possible to he. "Hut Excellency, t!- re will ho another fiesta, and—"
"Your health is now good?” asked Dickie gravely. "It would he a pity if you should miss another fiesta.” He fished out a dirty note, but it was of a magnitude to open Miguel’s eyes to their widest.
“Ah. I will buy a bigger cracker than ever.” he exulted. "That other one was not so bad; but—well, go with God, Excellency!” He suddenly set down his bundle and turned an astonishing cartwheel; then, gravely resuming his load, padded
The flames from the hurtling building grew brighter; by the light he could see that masses of frantic humanity were now pouring into the Plaza.
"Maybe we ought to barricade this place," he suggested.
"You can take charge, Dickie.” said Donna Klenoia some rifles and thi/gs. of course; and old Francisco can still shoot straight."
The day came most unnoticed. Donna Elenora had joined Dickie at the gate; and it was suddenly possible to see clear across the Plaza to the elaborate gardens» which lay between the square and the harbour. The surface of the
red. by the refracted
The homemaker’s mind can he
at rest for the day from the chief anxieties of menu-planning, if she plans the meat and vegetable courses early and then the dessert. Every wise woman realizes it saves time and strength to arrange her meals early in the day.

-ut*
¦1
"We have


And now as the last fresh fruits are on the market and the
like to
evenings are chilly, we turn our attention to the types of dessert which have been neglected during the hotter months.
Apples, pears and peaches, are now at their best. In all baked fruit puddings a long, slow baking seems to produce a superior flavor.
If baking a deep apple pie, the filling of apples and sugar should be baked slowly for about one and one-quarter hours until apples have that reddish brown color, before placing the cover on the top. This type of pie chilled and served with whipped cream is dessert fit for royalty.
Baked pears makes a lovely seasonal dessert. L you are fortunate enough to have maple syrup, place pears in casserole, haste with the syrup. These may be served hot or cold. A flavor of ginger to pears is always refreshing. This may be added to a sauce or chopped candied ginger added to whipped cream.
Try these peach desserts for so.iethii.g different:
Peach Surprise
Cook large extra fine whole peach (pitted) in a sugar syrup (1 cup sugar to 1 cup water). Cook until soft but not broken.
red,

I A



I;
sea ap
light, to be lifted up higher than normal.
away. No ope would ever know just how this urchin had altered Hlyatala's destiny.
With ludicrous haste the rid
Fort
JACKET N’ SKIRT
flag fluttered dawn from Juan. Without an attempt to fire the fortress denoted unconditional surrender, well knowing that the naval guns could shell it to rubble in ten minutes. The Navy dominated the situation.
Mine Chamber* welcotm* perwonnl letter* from iulere*le«l render*. She I* pteuKed to receive *iiK*r*tlo»» oa topic* for her column, and In nlwayw ready to linten to your “pel peeve*." Ile«iue*l* for recipe* or * pedal menu* are In order. Addre** your letter* to “Ml** Sadie II.
7M Went Adelaide *1., Toronto." Send atmmped nelf-ad-drenwrd envelope II you %% l*li a reply.
M


m

LHCLll:
» y
Chamber*.
"Ecco! Ecco!" roared the crowd. Then someone called:
"Viva. Viva. Hlyatala!"
*T say. you know, it is raining —It's going to pour,” observed King Higgins to Donna Elenora. "Nothing like a rainstorm to cool folk's tempers."
"Dickie."i sho said. "How much of a hand had you in all this?"
(Continued Next Week)
h '( I U* '
«
m
r




Animal Hair Used By Aviation Industry
-W
a
n3ÜP
3 Pads
only
Z
k
Another role in which farm products are helping fight the war was revealed today by The Firestone Tire & Rubber Company. Animal hair is being used in many important aviation products, com-
x\B
IOt
»

Fatal Sound
\

He grew increasingly restless am" unsettled. For the sake of movement he left the Consulate and crossed the Plaza, answering challenge after challenge. Lights still appeared in the Casa Falleiro. he knew Donna Elenora well enough to be aware that so long as her husband was absent under
»
Sound waves in water, such as those caused by depth bombs, may kill up to eighty feet, navy medical reports show, says Pathfinder. The waves, traveling from molecule to molecule, have a speed of 4,078 feet per second, about four times »that of sound in air. distances up to 150 feet they damage the small blood vessels In the abdomen and affect the flow of blood to the viscera.

A
Plum And Apple Butter

>
0

METHOD—Wash fruit. Remove stems and blossom ends from apples, cut in pieces and leave skins on. Cut plums, pit, and measure. Place all in kettle, add water, boil until tender (10 to 15 minutes). Put mixture through a coarse sieve, add sugar, Corn Syrup, lemon juice and rind. Bring to a boil; boil gently until thick and clear (35 to 40 minutes) stirring often. (This recipe thickens considerably when cold.)
YIELD—Approximately 2 pints (Wine measure).
2 lbs. tart apples (9 cups, cut) IVj cups sugar 1 lb. green plums (2 cups, pitted % cup Crown Brand Corn Syrup and well packed)	Juice and coarsely-grated rind of
1% cups water	1 lemon (optional)
!
If



!
V

i

H
ajjLLumu
033 00 ;
'» V*7
At
III
7K


X





A Record Harvest Expected in China

S
I
I
Get the
y/Mw-y *.wyw
/.-A*.


' i
The harvest in the parts of China, under Generalissimo Chlang Kai-shek "is expected to be of record quantity this year,” The British Radio said recently.
"Seasonable rains have already resulted In the reaping of large crops, and the autumn prospects are described as favorable,” added the broadcast.
Si
BLACK
SiïOtë WA xwm QUOTA
d-tESSimftALT*tfdU ust.
LEAF 40"
2788
/
SIZES Z 8
I
Don't worry about Hce	V
and feather mite*. “Black Leaf 40* j control* them.	|
"Cap Brush" Saves Money
r "Cap Brush" spread* “Black Leal evenly on the roost and does an efficient job. Saves money. Ask your dealer for thewCap Brush"and full directions»

Make this for that discriminating young person to wear as a two-piece, or as separates; for the suspender skirt pairs off nicely with a girl’s blouses, and the jacket makes a mighty handy topper. Cut-out design for the posy applique is included in the pattern.
Style No. 2788 is deaigrned for sizes 2 to 8. Size 4 require* 2H yards 35-in. fabric for the suit.

i
aatfiBS*********


Our

m
“Beehives”
40”
X:

You can roll 44 mild, smooth, standard cigarettes from a package of
MACDONALDS FINE CUT TOBACCO.
The cost is only \9t plus papers. Start to-day to smoke this economy way.

t^COONALb

Many "beehives” of Industry In India, established centuries ago under ancient Indian craftsmanship customs, are aiding the war effort, New Delhi reports. The beehives complement modern Industrial establishments so effectively that the Central Government of India will this year purchase ISO,000,000 of war supplies from small-scale Industries.
»
f

i

»
S« Id by Orn*, T A
Hardware.	¦
I

I

Send TWENTY CENTS for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Boom 421, 73 Adelaide St. West, Toronto. Write your Name, Address and Style Number. Be sure to staté size you wish.


m
Jok


'
N THE PACKAGE


fv
(INCtUDINO TAX)






ISSUE No. 34—43


N V E S T WHAT YOU- SAVE IN /VAR S \ V I N G 5 T A M P S
.
U



!
1


###PAGE###4###



THE EQUITY
country and flown to China by way of India
General Victor Odium, Canadian Minister to Canada, with a group of Canadian and other prominent citiaena in China, with the collaboration of Madame Chain* Kai-Shek, is supervising the distribution of funds and supplies sent from Canada.
Our Boys’ Department Almost Complete
Shawville August ‘20th, 1943
i

Bristol School Commissioners
Aug. 9th, ma.
Bristol School Cominiaeionera met on the above date. Present—Chairman Woods and Comra. Graham and Stewart.
The Minutes of last meeting were read and on motion of Comr Stewart were adopted.
Motion by Comr, Stewart that the following teachers applications be accepted: No. 5 school, Miss Margaret McNeill ; No. 6 school, Miss Ella How ard; No. 10 school, Miss Elizabeth Reside,
Motion by Comr. Stewart, that Robt. Russell’s tender for conveying pupils from old No, 3 district to No. 9 school be accepted and the secretary sign a Contract for same.
Motion by Comr. Stewart that we employa tinsmith to inspect the toilets at No. 9 school and report to this board in writing.
Motion by Comr. Stewart that the following bills be approved and paid: Edith McGillis, sweeping N). 6 $ 12 00
E. A. Pritchard..............
G. T. Paul, premium on bond
On motion of Comr, Graham the meeting adjourned.
SCARCE NEXT WINTER ! !!
<
Teacher Wanted
Boys’ Summer Jerseys in fancy stripes just the thing to knock around in
60,	75	$1.00
Boys’ Summer Oottonade Trousers
grey, blue and brown $1.50	$1.69	$1.95
Boys Camp Shoes $1.26 to $1.59
Protestant teacher for UlHr School No 2 . Apply stating qualifications and salary to
THUS. QUA ILK,
Otter Luke, Que
Prepare your home now for adequate warmth with smaller fuel consumption
Tenders Wanted
Tenders will be received by the undersigned up to August 27th, 1943, for the conveyance of pupils up to and including Grade VII, in No. 9 school district, Vann, Que to and from the High School, for the term 1943 44.
Specifications of contract may be seen at the Secretary’s Office.
TO SAVE COAL CHECK THESE POINTS
/ HOW TO GET MORE HEAT
Pipes and furnaces must be clean, and grates in good order. If one or two rooms are hard to beat, you are wasting fuel. A minor adjustment can probably remedy this. Have a competent man check your heating system, and make necessary repairs. Insulate your furnace and pipes when necessary.
J, A DEAN See Treat.
STORE HOURS:
1 74
7 50
This store wifi be closed all day Wednesday
during August
Tuesday nights, open until 10 p. m. Saturday nights, open until 11
TEACHERS WANTED
H. I Smith,
Secretary-Treasurer
/ HOW TO AVOID HEAT LOSSES
Storm windows end doors must fit snugly and be weather stripped. Lack of storm windows can cause as much as 20% heat loss. Caulking should be done around windows, doors and in cracks in brick work (some hardware stores have caulking guns for rent). Broken glass should be replaced, and loose panes puttied. Small expenditures on such work will save much fuel.
One qualified protestant ieacher for Masham School Corporation, School No. 2. Duties to commence Sept. Ut, 1943. Minimum salary, $80 00 per month. Apply stating vx|>erience and qualifications to
ANGUS WALLACE, Secretary,
Lascelles, Que
The Weaning of Lambs
p. m.
\
<
Lambs are usually weaned a approximately five months of age, that is about in late August or in September depending upon conditions. The lambs should be separated from the main flock and pasture or a feed lot provided, preferably at some distance from the ewe flock Wether lambs and ewe lambs intended for market should be separated from the lambs U be held for breeding pur-Those intended tor market may


HOW TO SAVt STILL MORI
/
Teachers Wanted
You can save fuel and money by having your home properly insulated. It is a proven fact that in many homes lack of adequate insulation (including storm windows) results in unnecessary consumption of fuel—up to as much as 50%. Watch for later instructions on how to fire your furnace properly.
S
5
App*ications will he received by the undersigned up to July 6tb, 1948. for qualified teachers for t he Rural Schools ot Clarendon. Salary $750.00 tor term 1943 44.
poses
be placed on rape or alphalfa pastuit, and gradually started on grain so that* as the pasture becomes less luxuriant they will be approaching a lull grain ration.
In a test at the Dominion Experiments! Station at Scott, Sask , says E. Van Nice, Assistant in Animal Husbandry at the Staton, two lota of weanling lambs were placed on good ra|*e pasture, one lot was fed grain and the other no At the end of a 30 day period

•Vt
.1 A DEAN
Svv. Treasurer
N,O.Horner’s old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE
HAVE YOUR HOME INSPECTED FOR HEATING
AND INSULATION DEFECTS
Get advice now! Skilled workmen and supplies If you delay in getting your home ready for winter you may not be able to get the services you need.
Teachers Wanted
are scarce
Qualified Protestant Teacher for No 1 Dim. School North Onslow. Term 10 months ; $80.00 per mouth School, 15 pupils.
$15.00 to $18 00.
grain
the gains were practically identical indicating that so long as a good rape pasture is available, grain is unnecessary, but grain may well be started before the rape pasture becomes shoit.
Another test showed greater gains by pounds per head in 30 days of weaning the lambs at 44 months and placing them on ripe pasture pared with a similar lot of lambs lett with the dams on native prairie pasture for 30 days longer.
The stubble field, quite satisfactory for breeding stock, provides too much exercise for market lambs and makes for growth rather than fattening. The most desirable weight for market lambs is from 80 to 90 pounds, and this should be kept in mind when considering age of weaning and fattening for market as some breeds tend to become too large before getting the desired finish.

New
Room and board
Dairy Pails

J. S. YOUNG,
Secretary Treasurer, R. R 3. Q tyun, (j ue
We have now on hand
a limited supply of good Dairy Pails.
r
V
MS tOW
as cuui-
4
THE DEPARTMENT OF MUNITIONS AND SUPPLY
HON. C. D HOWE, Minister
Cemetery Donations
Findlay Furnaces
Dr. I). J. Campbell, Treasurer of the Village Cemetery Improvement Fund, acknowledges with thanks, the following donations:—
Previously Acknowledged
Alf Brownlee..........
Mrs. Julia Sheppard...
Mrs. W. J. Sheppard ..
Heman Dagg ...........
John Brownlee ........
C. A. L. Tucker ......
A few good all'cast Findlay Furnaces are now available. Place your order now to insure early
delivery
$ 115 00 . $ 2 00
1 00
2 00 2 00 2 00 2 00
Amendments to the Unemployment Insurance Act
Chinese War Relief Fund
DALE’S TINSHOP
Over 5,000,000 Chinese have perished since Japan launched its destructive war in 1937; numbered legions have been wonnded ; 90 per cent of all Chinese industry has been lost; more than 2,003,000 babies have been orphaned, 50,000,000 Chinese are lefugees in their own country.
These are a few facts released today by headquarters of the Chinese War Relief fund to emphasise the ueed of support of the million-dollar campaign now in progress throughout the Dominion to provide food, medicines, clothing, hospital supplies, etc. as the tribute of Canadian citizens to the gallantry of, Mrs. Sam Renuick the Chinese nation.
Subscriptions from the people of this province are now being sought. There
is no direct canvass; instead the public Mrs. Hector Telford......
is being asked to send in their dona R J. Connelly South Porcupine lions direct to the Chinese War Relief j p \ViUon
Fund, 610 St. James St. W. Montreal	'	............
or band them in to any branch of the Chartered Banks of Canada.
Officers ot the Fund, which is receiving the aid of prominent men and women of all classes, races and creeds
Notice to Interested Employers and Employees
AT ITS 1943 Session, the Parliament of Canada amended the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1940. The effect of these amendments is to require that additional workers. be covered under unemployment insurance.
On and after September 1st, 1943, employers must make contributions in respect of the following employees*
*	Cl) ALL PERSONS engaged in employment hitherto
insurable, regardless of the amount of earnings, who may be paid on an hourly rate, on a daily rate, on a weekly rate, or a piece rate (Including a mileage rate).
*	(2) ALL EMPLOYEES paid on a monthly or annual
•alary basis, whose salary, including any cost of living bonus which may be received, does not exceed $2,400 a year#
All employees, as above described, must pay their contributions as required by law.
The combined contribution for each employee earning $26 or more a week will be in Class 7—63c a week.
To Employers: Obtain unemployment Insurance books from the nearest local office of the Unemployment Insurance Commission as soon as possible, for employee# above described who will become insurable on September
1st, 1943.	’
To Employees: It is in your interest to see that your employer makes contributions on your behalf from September 1st, 1943, If you become insurable through this Amendment.
Mr. John R. McDowell, Treasurer of the Maple Grove Cemetery Fund, acknowledges with thanks, the following donations:—
Clarence Hayes.........
Thos. Sheppard, Ottawa
Clifford Cone......
Wm. Smith. Ottawa....
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
8 5 00
2 00
1 00
5 00
Mrs. S* E. Hodgins, Ottawa W E. N. H origins, Ottawa.. J. B. Kilgour..............
2 00
2 00
1 00
For Beautiful
Cemetery Memorials
1 00
Mrs John R. Judd
2 00
Mrs. Andrew McKnight
2 00
2 00
2 00
5 00
Write or phone
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
FARM FOR SALE
Two hundred and twenty-five acres in the Dominion, siate that few people I of heavy loam, 160 under cultivation, have any conception of the havoc and 8C under hay, 50 in grain crop; will sell devastation, of the ruthless cruelties in- with hay and grain crop. Two sets of fiicted on China by the Japanese in outbuildings, all in good condition; their seventh year attempt at extiuc- eight roomed brick house, iron roof, tion of this country. They point out that hard and soft water in house, also fur-had it not been for the courageous re- | Dace; well fenced and watered by never fusai of the Chinese to accept defeat, failing creek; plenty of wood, and also even when their country has been pil- school situated on property, about laged, her industries destroyed, the miles West of Haley’s on No. 17 High-United Nations would now be on the way. Priced for immediate sale. Ap-(offensive instead of the defensive,e^8g™e™eïgeeeRgeej^He^M China it is estimated, has killed or permanently incapacitated one and a quarter million Jape; her will to fight has engaged one million Japs in the Orient and prevented them being thrjwn into the tight against the United Nations on other fronts.
For these and the reasons of her
suffering in heroic silence, officers of the H	III	I
Fund suggest Canadiens should be will- raven School, Municipality of Calumet, ing to subscribe generously to the appeal dissentient. Duties to commence Sept, which is now in progress and which will 1st. Salary $75.00 j>er month. Apply
Money subscribed will be used in one of two ways. It will be sent direct to China for making purchases of neces si ties or supplies will be bought in this
Phone, 278
UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE
COMMISSION
ply to
CHRIS H. GIBSON,
R 3, Haley’s Station, Ont
ESTABLISHED 1883
HUMPHREY MITCHELL
Minister of Lmbomr
L. J. ThOITI ER, Chairman R. J. TALLON, Commissioner
ALLAN M. MITCHELL,
Commissioner
INVALID
COACH
W-10
Teachers Wanted
GEO. HYNES & SON
Qualified Protestant Teacher for Dun
Tenders For Caretakers
PUBLIC NOTICE
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
C^Shawville Oue.
Tenders will be recevcd by the undersigned up to August 16th, 1943, for caretakers for. the Rural Schools of Clarendon.
I hereby give notice that I will not be responsible for any debts contracted in my name, without mv written order
EDWARD BELANGER
Campbell’s Bay, Que,
to
• L. E. SMITH,
Sec re t ary-T re isu rer Campbell’s Bay, Que
Phone 80
J A DEAN
See-Trois
Aug. 26, 1943

- -
Mil*
’

###PAGE###5###


Service Announcemente
Look Here
cf0
^witn ywhfAeAe+t* Jjk^ checuft L
pj
Seeiay, Augatt 2flk,
Wise Investments
; ; t}1? 1 ## V • ^ ;! ^ / s*J il* " % | j Vf / :** ,
In Fine Furniture
For Sale, Want*, Found,
Lost, etc.
9HAWV1LL8 ÜNITRU CHURCH
Rf v A. F. Foees B. A.* B.D. Putor
11.00	a, m.—Service at Shawville
8 00 p. m—Service at Z r>n
8.00	p.m—Service at Stark's Cor-
FOR SALE— Frost and Wood En* silage cutter, iu good condition, 12 inch throat, three sets of knives and grinder. Apply to Archie Horner, Yarrn, phone 11-33.
ners.
The Evening Service at Shawville is withdrawn.
4'
:
Wanted—Oirl Or woman, for general housework, willing to go to Ottawa for month of September. Apply Io*Mbs. C. W. Dickson, Yarra, Que
If your home needs furnishings, be wise and choose them from our quality assortment on the second floor. Be sure of enduring beauty and lasting satisfaction so zealously maintained over the years and just as steadfastly upheld today.
!
ANGLICAN
Rev. K. C. boLTOW, BA., L.Th
St. Paul’s
Holy Communion—8.00 a, m.
Morning Prayer—11.00 a. m. Evening Prayer—7.30 p. m.
Holy Trinity
Sunday School— 2.30 p. m. Evening Prayer—3 15 p. m.
St. Lukea
Evening Prayer—2.00 p. m.
k


•r '
-„ J	Mil ¦ II ,.
Ul ÆSS~^]
FOR SALE—First class piano. $25,00 for cash deal. App'y to Mrs. Nellie Framer, over Shawville Marble and Granite Works, Main Street.
Ü


WANTED — Experienced married couple to take full charge of farm or on ?hares. Apply to Alex Hayley, Fort Cou longe Que. '
man or


i
Chesterfield Suites
- 0

w.
!
"

Designed to start your living room off on a comfortable scale from innermost construction to final covering of beauty.
$137.50 $142.50 $169.50
FOR SALF— A number of Barred. Rock Pullet*. Apply to Mr*. Garnet Hodoins, Yarn», Que. Phone 2511.
2*

North Clarendon Parish Rev. P, R. Stote in charge
Greermount—
Morning Prayer—10.30 a. m. Thorne Centre
Evening Prayer--3.00 p. m.
Charteris—
Evening Prayer—8,OC p. m.
North Onslow —
Tuesday, August 31st. Evening Prayer—7.30 p m.
*


#
il:
§
§

Churns — Order your churn now. F<u* further information apply to Clifford Cone, Shawville. Phone 36
/
m



AUTOTRAC—If you want an Autotrace in time to do your Fall work, older now. Apply to Clifford Cone, Shawville. Phone 36.
»
»
Dining Room Suites
Of 090199, 700 wouldn't operate	This is only one outstanding	feature
your separator in the beet room of	of the Renfrew Separator.	Others
the house. This is just to impress you	include the low supply tank,	ease of
with the absolute cleanliness of a	operation, close skimming	— —
Bsnfrsw. Ho splashing of oil—no	highest quality and performance at
greasy, insanitary, fly-attracting mil- a reasonable price, ture of oil and making a mess You can buy your Renfrew from the of both machine and floor. The oil



Masterpiece* of skilled Canadian workmen, even to the smallest detail. Each suite consists of buffet, china cabinet, extension table five side and one arm chair. Beautifully finished in walnut
and
HELP WANTED-Practical nurse or general housekeeper. Applicants please state wages ex reeled. Apply to Mr*. Oeo. MacLean, Campbell’s Bay.


Bristol United Church Lay Minister Mr. Leslie Dean
St. Andrews
10.00	a. m— Sunday School
11.00	a. in.—Service
Knnx
3.00	p m —Service
Austin
8.00	|>. m—Service
Sermon Subject,—
Responsibility (Mission»)

resentative in your neighborhood. Renfrew goes in at the top and re	He is responsible to you and we
^naini inside until it is time to	stand behind him and all the Ren* *
frew products he sells.
necessary to the operation of a
$137.50
change it
Wilson’s Garage
RANGES • HEATERS • WASH-RITES • TRUCK-SCALES • INCUBATORS


Tf\e Same Reliable Service
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED RENFREW ONT.
ST. JOHNS P. Q.

Bedroom Suite
REGINA SASH.
SUSSEX N.B.

¦
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service

A distinguished suite, of beautiful design and construction — timeless and ageless furniture you’ll be proud to own throughout coming years
LEO R. KEON
No Increrse Possible in Small Arms Ammunition
Ford Service
$149,60
DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE
McKee - Quebec
“Small arms ammunition supplies for civilian use can not be increased without jeopardizing dynamic war production*’ officials of the Wartime Prices and Trade Board state. Th«e statement came in reply to pleas for more liberal distribution from dealers and individuals. Small arma ammunition assumed the statuf of a rationed commodity five months ago. Since .he demand has ¦•1 risen so .sharply it has become a matter _ I of concirn how lo make available the ^Extreme I vs hurl supply to cover essential Tiff* Ida,- TPi* » *t demand has eclipsed - jibe 193d figures by over 50 |>er cent.
Shell Sealed Cae & Oils
J. V. Wilson
Breakfast Suites
Main Street Shawville Quebec
Phone 40


Handsome six-piece suites finished in natural with green and red trimmings
r
V
$63.50 $65.00
4
WANTED
Teachers Waitteti

Protestant teachers with Eümentary or Intermediate Diplomas, for school term, 1943 44. Minimum salary $80.00 per month. Apply, stating experience and qualifications, to
LEIGH McCONNELL, Sec.-Treas. Aylwin School Board, No. 1
Kazubazua, Que.
Ceiling Placed on Peaches, Plums and Pears
Living Room Stools
«
Large quantity of
Maximum prices for all grades of peaches, pears and plums has been announced by the Wartime Prices and Trade Board. The ceiling prices affect growers and country shippers for three zones which are defined on the basis of producing and consuming areas. Specified markups o:* wholesale and retail sales have also been established.
Coupled with the announcement of the ceilings on fresh fruit, the Board also announced a subsidy arrangement to enable canners to pack a proportion of the crops. Under the arrangment, the cost of these fruits to canners this year will be approximately the same as in 1942, with the subsidy providing a return to growers in line with the new fresh fruit ceilings.
Upholstered in colors to match your Chester-
RAILROAD TIES
$7.50
field
}
Teachers Wanted

Qualified Protestant Teacher for Onslow centre School. Applicants to state salary and experience. To be in the hands of the secretary at once.
Jos. A. Steele See Treas
Write or telephone
J. M. ARGUE
STRAYED
From the premises of the undersigned, fnur calves, black and white steer, two red and white heifers and one red heifer Information regarding their whereabouts will be thufkfully received
DONATIONS SOLICITED FOR SHAWVILLE FAIR September 16, 17 and 18
Vulcanizing
by
M US. WILFRED LAUGH REN
R, 1. Shawville
Phone 14-31
Each year many persons donate cash for the benefit of Shawville Fair, for which ihe officials are very grateful.
Another Fair is approaching and I have again been requested to solicit donations This does not imply that I will cilll on everyone permit this.
Consequently, I suggest that those not called on, willing to iu»ke a donation, advise the Secretary the amount of
Shortage
The wartime boom at Randolph Field, Texas, West Point of the Air, which has more than tripled the field’s population since peace time, has meant a depression for the post school attended by children of Randolph’s residents rollment has shrunk from 135 to 80
Miss Mary Sue Rurcham, school proposed donation a* it n* the. intent ion principal, explains it like this: tn print d«»nor»’ list very wn. Thank “Most of the personnel here before you ! the war were older people, and many had children. Now most of them have been transferred, and the new ones assigned here are generally younger, and mostly unmarried. Also, many who have families are not bringing them along because transfers come so suddenly ihftt days."
We have just installed two small Vulcanizers and can now repair minor breaks on your tires and large rips in tubes. Let us attend to all your tire troubles.
Time does nut
Tough Cavalrymen
' Fori Riley, Kan., has a well-earned reputation for turning out skillful, tough cavalrymen. One reader's research proves they've been doing it for at least 100 years. He sends along an official Fort Riley order, issued October 28, 1842:
"Student officers will discontinue the practice - of roping and riding buffaloes."	—1
En-
/
DURATION

/
>/
LEG DO
Try a new McCormic-Deering Cream
Separator now
It will put DOLLARS in your pocket
R W HODG1N3,
S-rrttnry
AV/JL .TiS'kSVVJ» ;
What's In a Hangar? , j
A hangar, says the dictionary, Is
"a shed for storing vehicles, espe-
I daily aircraft." But that's about the
only purpose the hangars are NOT
used for at Randolph Field, Texas,
American Pigment Standards West Point of the Air. The spa-
During the past 10 years the stand- clous structures house a dormitory
ards of the American pigment indus- a m( *s	8	a.nd
try have grown to be the best in the dance floor, bowling alleys, an ice :
world, and most of the foreign pig- cream parlor, a couple branch post
ments formerly imported because of exchange, courts for basketball, vol-
fair quality and low freight have Icy ball and badminton. Of course,
failed to keep pace-with the ad- most of the hangars are equipped :
vancing standards of the American with machinery for the maintenance
pigment processors, the bureau of and repair of Randolph s host of.
mines reports in Information Circu- training planes. But the ships are
lar 7198. The curtailment of imports taken indoors only when in need of
of French yellow ochers, Spanish red tinkering. In - almost constant use
oxide, Persian Gulf red oxide, Tur- I by the aviation cadets, the sturdy j
key umbers, and Italian siennas dur- ships are moored on the “aprons”
ing World War II is therefore not | during the brief intervals when not
the hardship which it might appear. . in the air.
A New Sensational Leg Tint
The perfect substitute for sheer hosiery. It won't rub off or spot
her One Port
Massaua, Eritrea's No. 1 port, boomed during the Italo-Ethiopian war. From October, 1835, to April,
1935, more than 050 Fascist ships docked, landing in all about 270,000 workers and soldiers, and more than 700,000 tons of war materials. Their cargoes also included 12,000 motor vehicles and thousands of mules for pack duty.
A military city developed within the civilian city as barracks, ware-	^
Sraa! 8 THE CORNER STORE
pace with this mushroom growth a plant was built capable of a daily production of 30 tons of ice and 700 tons of distilled water. Regular air and shipping services connect Massaua with Italy.
N

In the rain, or prevent
«
Hodgins Garage
tanning
/
?
j Only 45 cents
Per bottle
/
Buick, Oldsmobile
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
?
Estate Mrs. M. G. Howard
Main and Centre Sts. SHAWVILLE
Phone 64

Vn\ n. \ \ VVV\W\\ \ v
VV\N\\s
###PAGE###6###
WM


« fm
v * %	t i* Jr ÿW t
I d*#


Don’t Be Afraid
Of That Big Dbg
AIRMAN’S VIEW OF NAPLES
EN



3F




t
1kg

- \<N
Ht It Susplciout Of Vou Until He Knowt Who Vow

y
»,



Art




v.
much like human be

1
I
Dogs are
and deserve to be treated con aidera t ion and Itipoct,

\

1|1K"
with
Fi w dogs go out of their way to trouble • but the prime In*
It's a mildcool, sweet smoke
%



A
T
I
%



caiiM'
stlnct of any dog le to protect lile master or bis master*» property.
A leaflet telling how to approach and handle dogs haw been released by the Industrial Accident Prevention Association. The leaflet was prepared by a noted dog fan-The rules he makes should


GROWN IN SUNNY, SOUTHERN ONTARIO
1

f
«
I
*•
*
*
§ Æ

a
lengv, accept them as such and show no alarm.
Sudden or unexpected moves likely to be misunderstood by
Ing his impressions.
A dog should not be touched unless you have met him oflcn enough to establish a friendship.
A dog should he given tho Impression that your visit Is perfectly proper.
• !


JR

el e
be valuable to such businesses am
bakeries, laundries and
drS


W

are



a dog.
Speak to strange doge in a confident. friendly voile, not sharply
or ecoldlngly.
Always allow a dog to approach and let him nose aid him In form-


dairies._____
gas companies. Here are the rules;
Always let a dog know you are
approaching by not being too

*






N
?
IfceJSv ' *

O
1
quiet.
Growls and balks are a chal*
Tin Can Valuable Source Of “Scrap”
p


.i,r

s'-.-:



V

A


A tin cun is only 2 per cent tin:
It is really made of tinplate, which
in sheet steel that has been given a thin coating of tin on both sides to prevent rusting. When tbo can is collected as salvage, tbs coating of tn can be removed at a de tinning factory, and the steel
then goes to a melting down. The cans are, however. often sent direct to furnaces which boil the tutor 10 hours In a temperature rising to about 1.000 degrees Centigrade.
Nearly half of all the scrap metal salvaged from households in Great Britain is in the form of tin cans, and the humble tin can is one of the most valuable forms of metal "scrap” that can be salvaged. It can not only provide solder tor use at a war factory where metal parts have to be Joined, but It can also become part of an ingot of solid steel, to be used In the construction of a warship or a tank.

V
A
•v
•<>
*fe,

* - # z
%

Moni

> *
*



m




>.jk
V
«
*5

>

\
f
steelworks for

A

à
h
£

i
*
*
mk u 3
i
s
The airview above shows part of Naples, famed for its magnificent harbor, now the target of Allied bombs. Noted structures indicated are (1) The Royal Palace, begun in 1600, which contains the important National Library; (2) Park opposite Palace's 800-foot sea frontage; (3) Plebiscite Square; (4) the recently-restored 13th Century Castel Nuovo, long a royal residence; (5) Molo San Vincenzo, huge breakwater over 5,000 feet long, where the greatest liners once were moored. Italian submarines can be seen in the photo.



*

«**<
/

BPF B#*#?	*
^Rw%v |
/ -,' " T,' i if» »¦


knife are needed If It Is
I rod uct ion in the following manner: "Mrs. Brown, may 1 present Mr. Martin"?
6. Is It proper to send out wedding invitations and announcements in the name of the brother of the bride if their parents are dead?
6. If men are sitting near, should a woman offer her seat to an old woman, when on a bus or street car?
Modern Etiquette
or a
large chicken sandwich or club sandwich. 3. Yes; send a brief note of thanks to everyone who has written or sent flowers. 4. Yes, this is the correct form. 6. Ye#. 6. If one of the men does not offer his seat, the woman should.


By Roberta Lee
1. May the bridal party stop and Unger in the vestibule of the church, following the ceremony, to receive best wishes and congratulations?
S. la it correct to hold a sandwich In the fingers while eating it?
3.	Is it necessary that a bereaved family reply to letters of condolence?
4.	Is it correct to phrase an In-

The Army’s versatile Duck speeded the advance in Sicily by rushing gasoline and oil direct from tankers off shore to our planes at newly captured airfields. Here one of the amphibious trucks refuels a Spitfire with American insignia at a Sicilian air base.
HONEY
CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISEMENTS
CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISEMENTS
CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISEMENTS
Answers
1. No; It Is not good form to do bo. 2. Yes, but sometimes a fork
I’EHStONAL
Prompt payment for shipments of light honey. Send samples and estimate of quantity ta
AUTOMOBILES—-USED_______
BED CARS WITH GOOD TIRE& See us first. Mount Pleasant Motors Limited. Used Car Lot at 2040 Yonge Street; Head Office, 132 Mount Pleasant Roa<f. Toronto. Telephone HY. 2181.
HAIRDRESSING SCHOOL
ply) at all druggists, or postpaid from Maltby tiros., 6 Bvun, Toronto, Ont.____
ULCERS SORES. ECZEMA.
other akin ailments suc : «asfull* treated by my ointments, heal» ing while you work. Spacial hot weather treatment — R > extra cost 11.00 trial willl convince; you. Write Nurse R. Tucker, J3irkl Bldg., Wlnnlpeg.
PROPERTIES
WE HAVE BUYERS I
for Chicken Farms. Mark»; Gardens and town or village howMf In all parts of Province. Send full particulars in confidence at once, —we make no charge un:osa we sell. Powell and Company, u St. Clair East, Toronto.
1	" RABBITS
10 PEDIGREED ANGORA BUCKS for sale. $3.00 each. Anna Tate, Aylmer. R.R. 2. Ontario.
TAPEWORM	J
STOMACH AND THREAD WORMS often are the cause of Ill-health In humans all ages. No one Immune! Why not find out If this Is your trouble? Interesting particulars—Free! Write Mulveney's Remedies. Specialists, Toronto 1, Ont	_____________
LEARN HAIRDRESSING THE Robertson method. Information on request regarding classe». Roberteon'i Hairdressing Acid-«my, 137 Avenue Road. Toronto.
MacFEETERS CREAMERY 52 Jarvis Si. • Toronto
AN
\
POSTS ECZEMA SALVE
BABY CHICKS
RIGHT NOW WE HAVE DAY-olds available in most breeds. Also some 2 and 3 week pullets lh White and Brown Leghorn* and R.M. x W.L and a few heavy itarted cockerels. Also let us know what you’ll be needing fall shipment. Bray Hatchery. 130 John N., Hamilton, Ont.
the Torment of Dry
Banish
Eczema, Rashes and Weeping Skin Troubles. Post’s Eczema Salve Will Not Disappoint You. Itching. Scaling, Burning Eczema, Acne, Ringworm, Pimples and Athlete’s Foot will respond readily to this stainless, odorless ointment, regardless of how stubborn or hopeless they may seem.

HARNESS & COLLARS






MANTED TO BU


Consult
Farmers Attention
nearest Harness Shop
WAITING



your
about Staco Harness Supplies. We sell our goods only through your local. Staco Leather Goods dealer. The goods are right, and so sre our prices. We manufacture in our factories — Harness, Horse Collars, Sweat Pads, Horse Blankets, and Leather Travelling Goods. Insist on Staco Brand Trade Marked Goods, and you get satisfaction. Made only by:
SAMUEL TREES CO., LTD.
WRITE FOR CATALOGUE 42 Wellington St. E., Toronto
for

•••


r

BERKSHIRE* FOR SALE

4b "



i
Bv . v.

£
REHK-
DVANCED REGISTRY 1 •hires, three to five months, few older; excellent type, some with •how qualities. R H. MacGreg-Amherstburg. Ontario
•¦v
PRICE 11.00 PER JAR Sent poet free on receipt of price
POST'S REMEDIES
88» Queen St. E. Corner of Logan
TORONTO

l


or,

BULB*
\
ISESSiTSç
| doz. $1.10. Delivered. Kuyper » Bulbs, Hatzlc, B.C. XVe grow the beat only.
MEDICAL.
i


DIXON'S RKM-
NATCUE'S HELP
edy for Rheumatic Faina, Neur-Thousanda p r a 1 a 1 n g H Munro'e Drug Store. 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.

ltla
DYEING * CLEANING
ANYTHING NEEDS
RHEUMATIC PAINS
HAVE YOU
dyeing or cleaning? Write to us for information. We are glad tr
menterH.y0r>»rkel*»t*°Dy« %
Limited. 791 Yonge Street. Toronto.	_______-
PATENT*
hi BURNS ^SCALDS
GOOD RESOLUTION—EVER * SUP-of Rheumatic Pains or should try Dixon's
o, 335

PETHERSTONHAUGH & COMPANY
Established
ferer Neuritis Remedy. Munro's Drug Sr-ire Elgin. Ottawa. Postpaid $1 JO
t

Solicitors.
Patent ...
1890;	14 King West, Toronto.
Booklet of Information on request.	____________________

Sold by all Druggist»—29c. 39c (tube), 30c and #1.00
)
în^.x


!
TOBACCO

FARM FOR *AI K_________
$8 600—100 ACRES. 25 MILES Toronto. good buildings stock crop and equipment. R H. Kane, Richmond Hill.
PHOTOGRAPHY
B-POUND SAMPLE PACKAGE VIR-ginla, Burley, Zimmer and Prior leaf tobacco, with recipes and flavoring. $3 postpaid. Rutliven Tobacco Exchange, Ruthvcn, Ont.


DON'T TRUDGE THROUGH

:
The Heat, Rale, or Hall

HAVE YOUR SNAPS


100 ACRES CLAY LXJAM. ALL UN-der cultivation, young orchard. Brick house with modern conveniences. Bank barn, water in barn, two silos, drive shed, electricity. One mile • from Church. Village School. Seven miles from Stratford. Would sell stock, feed, implements with farm. Wm. Douglas, St. Pauls, Ontario. _____________

TEACHERS WANTED
QUALIFIED TEACHER FOR 88. No 12 Lancaster, capable of teaching English and French, salary $1,000. J. Y. Baker, Sec.-Trcas., Dalhousle Mille, Ont.
Delivered by Mall
Any • or 8 exposure film perfectly developed and printed for only 35c.
end feet eervlce
WHY HAVE

m m SORE
Supreme quality guaranteed.
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
Beautiful Montmorency Falls are over 100 feet higher than Niagara.
FEET?
Station J. 'Toi.'oto
WANTED A BILINGUAL FRBNCH-English male teacher for Protestant church school. Apply Rev. Allan S Reid, 3485 Mc Ml I Montreal.

i
Teacher and Pupil Work Together
100 ACRES. CLAY LOAM SOIL, good farm buildings, steel roofs, good water supply, small bush. Close to town of Orillia and high-
St. \V\, Toronto.	________

Lpply Rev. Tavish St.,
PHOTOGRAPHY
‘‘WORK IS UNEXCELLED” SAYS BRITISH AIRMAN
D1NURWIC — TEACHER WANTED for S.S. No. 1. Southwortli and Hartman district of Kcnora. State salary expected; duties to commence Sept, first. Apply to R. Zoceole, Secretary, Hoard of Trustees, Dinorwic, Ont.
“Your work is unexcelled by any 1 have yet tried, and before the war 1 toured quite a lot in Great Britain and on the Continent Your value, too, 1» unbeatable.* Title complimentary letter to Star Snapshot Service comes from a British Airman training In Canada.
Any Size Roll—6 or 8 Exposures.
DEVELOPED AND PRINTED 25c
Boys and girls on active service enjoy letters so much more when “snaps" are enclosed.
You will get snapshots that will please you better—at lowest cost —if you mall your film rolls to Star Snapshot Service for developing and printing. And you will get the promptest service ^obtainable In keeping with quality work. Send your next roll to *tar Snapshot Service for a trial.
3 MOUNTED ENLARGEMENTS 26e Size 4 x 6" in Beautiful Easel
Mounts.
You can have enlargements coloured by hand for a small additional charge.
FOR SALE
lit
a».
DUE TO LABOR CONDITIONS W B forced to dispose of 103 ot more of our registered Palomino and Tennessee Walking horses Including pleasure horses, brood mares, stallions, yearlings and suckling colts of grand champion
INO FARMS. Souderton, Pennsylvania.
REDD1TT, ONT. PUBLIC SCHOOL requires teacher for Junior room, grades 1 to 5, commencing September. Salary $900.0» and bonus $100.00. H. W. Ooodfcllow, Sec.-Treat.

LADY HUNTER FEMALE PILLS
%
QUALIFIED PROTESTANT Teacher for 8.8. No. 5. Culabogie. Salary $1150. Apply to Mr*. Gordon Stoughton, Cilia bogie, Ont.
For Painful and Delayed Periods, Extra Strength,
$2.00
PHONE LL. 3600 For City Delivery
SKY’S DRUG STORE


x v
!
SOME CHOICE YOUNG REGISTERed Yorkshire sows Just bred, and some choice young Registered boars about ready for service. Edgar Dennis, HR. 2, Aurora. Out.
\

I
WANTED—TEACHER FOR 8.8. No. 2 Aubrey. State qualifications. Salary I9V0 for qualified teacher. E. F. Griffiths. Oxdrift. Ont.
-
m

1981 Davenport Road
(Corner Uxbridge Atre.) TORONTO

*•'
w
BANCROFT GRADE H CONTI N-uutlon School requires ail assistant teacher. Salary $14 ** .( v Apply stating experience, qualifications etc to Norman Mitchell, Secretary-Treasurer of the Bancroft School


a?




FANNlBiG MILIi
>y'&rA «

FANNING MILL (Kline) PROVED best seed grader. Screening re-Kline Manufacturing, 420 Ave.. Toronto.

I
» •
Board.
MIDDLE-AGE)
women e%)
pairs. J Willard

it

<V y
TEACHER. PROTESTANT. QUM» bec Int., Diploma, Grade» G-9, for Joliette English School $100 plus $14.45 bonus. Appl mediately to W. Hog<;
Treas., Joliette, Que.

FOOT BALM

S'tlarjr
Soc.*

STAR SNAPSHOT SERVICE
BAUMEEKA FOOT BALM destroy»
Instantly. 45c Denman

offensive odor bottle. Ottawa agent. Drug Store. Ottawa.

*
Box 12V. Postal Terminal A, Tor
Print your name and address plainly on all orders.
to
... .
Met. THIS ÂDVICEII
M5B«wrsajr?3;

KENT; QUALIFIED T3A< HER for 8.8. No. 15. Kent County, salary $1,100.00. Apply Ado! aid Tetrenult, R. 2. Bear Lino. OaL TEACHER FOR PUBLIC SCHOOL No. 4 Balfour. Apply MtMlnr qualification^. Salary $<H’ti.V0. Freemen Sanders,
Chelmsford. OnL#


HELP WANTED
WANTED — CAPABLE MARRIED farmhand for general farm work, must be steady and reliable. All
Meparnte
Briar*',
s*
FILMS DEVELOPED 25c COIN
Two prime from each negative. Reprints 2c each. Montreal Photo. P V. Box 160, Station F. Montreal.

position.
"Yellow
ear round ousc. Applv Mono Mills, Ontario.
K
Sec.-Tiens.,
A.
###PAGE###7###
frm
¦a
WOUNDED SCOTS IN MIDDLE EAST BUILD MEMORIAL CHURCH
commanded them: they hâve mode them a molten calf, and have worshipped It, and have sacrificed onto It, and said. Those are thy gods, O Israel, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt" No matter what excuse some might offer for this crime the sinfulness of the act is clearly revealed in wbat Ood says about it. Our acts must be Judged not by custom, nor by external circumstances, nor by what great men say is. right and wrong, but by the law of Ood, as it is revealed In His Word to
THIS CURIOUS WORLD
£fNfOCHUM
'
1
4





$
IN THE HIAAALAVAS,
ï»s
$
MOST CLIMBERS
/
TO

mere
LA
Mosr
*
/A/
Ü^5sb^
VA ‘ L
us
• *
•>:v.7

|“And Jehovah said unto Moses, I have seen this people, and, behold, It la stiff-necked people. This word ‘stiffnecked’ la generally explained as 'obstinate,' rather means ‘perverse/ the metaphor being taken from the horse that stiffens bis neck against the the rein, and will not be
fe
X

r
l
wm



/
but


/
Z
a#

>

f

pull of
guided by the rUior
Mosee Pleads With Ood
therefore let me alone* wrath may wax L_


fV aom lYKtA e«lh«OIINC.
'
T. a ma u. a. ht. orr
F-:
“Now
hot
that my ^gainst tinmu, and that I may consume them : and 1 will make of thee a great nation.” What the Lord told Moses to do Moses did not do; the Lord told him to let Him alone that He might destroy these people, though he would preserve Mosee and make of him a great
nation. It U In an hour like this
true.
PERSISTENCY,
A WHITE LEGHORN HEN OWNED BP/ DR. PETER- ,




rj

03

m



fallen in action in the Middle East,
MW—1
wounded Scots in m rest camp near
th-”- ».
war material crates and packing cases.

$
lumber has been salvaged from large

arm comp and hardv
that Moses’ undying love, compassionate love for iHiael, burets forth in one of , the greatest Intercessory episodes to be found anywhere In the Word of Ood. The offer to make of Moses a great nation was immediately, without hesitation, put aside by the great lawgiver; instead, he pleads that Ood might refrain from destroying these people In his wrath.
God's Glory
_ i hewed two tables of like unto the first; and
Park, because many radio progoing to originate
grammes are _ from the Fun Bowl . . . Juat to mention a few well known names, there will be Woodhouse A HawkIns, John Colllngwood Heed, Al Savage, Pat Bailey, Wally Ar our, the gang from Treasure Trail, the Fun Parade with Roy Ward Dickson and many other Canadian and American personalities who headline popular audience shows. Thursday, August 19th, ti Radio Day, and from 1 o'clock until midnight a succession of popular prfc
will be broadcast fr
RADIO REPORTER
By
&
REX FROST
ODD
*
all. the tiaabt MV'S teen-vbar OLO
Friday, August 13th, saw the opening of the big Evening Telegram
Fair at Rlverdale Park In Toronto, and Its proving the happy Toronto rendezvous for many rural folk who seek the change of city life for a vacation with just as
much Joy and Interest as .city folk seek the. beauties of the country. Innumerable items of fun and Interest fill each fair day for its fortnight duration, and those of you who have been wanting to see some of your favourite radio personalities in the flesh, will have just that opportunity at Rlverdale

Conducted by Flight Lieutenant Gladstone Hill, the Royal New Zealand Air Force Band contains sixty of our sister Commonwealth's most talented musicians. This fine Band has arranged two concerts for Canadian listeners. It seems particularly appropriate that the Royal New Zealand Air Force Band should give a musical greeting to the people of Canada. The concerts will feature Maori music, native to New Zealand, as well as band selections fa/nillar to all. Inasmuch as the New Zealand Air Force Band Is, it the moment, located In Great Britain, the two
have been
OCONTO BALLS, WISCONSIN.
British War Victims Fund
NEXT: The speed limit * century ago.

"And he
fcfih <* »
stone
Moses rose up early in the morning, and went up unto mount 61n-Jehovah had commanded

A FARM WIFE CHATS TO WOMEN
By

Qi
the Fair For Britain grounds. The final hour of broadcasting front 11 to midnight will be an outstanding variety show combining the talents of a large group of
Gwendoline P. Clack#
ai, as	—MWWML-.....
him, and took In his hand two
tables of stone. And Jehovah descended in the cloud, and stood with him there, and proclaimed the name of Jehovah. And Jehovah passed by before him, and proclaimed, Jehovah, Jehovah, a Ood merciful and gracious, slow to anger, and abundant in lovtngkind-ness and truth; keeping lovingkindness for thousands, forgiving Iniquity and transgression and sin; and that will by no means clear the guilty, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children, and upon the children’s children, upon the third and upon the fourth generation.”
In this brief phrase we have the entire historical narrative of the manifestation to Moses of God's glory. For details we must refer to the terms of the promise '(33: 31-23). Moses was, no doubt, hidden and protected by God’s hand In a 'cleft of the fock’ while God’s glory passed by. He was only a I lowed to look out from his hiding-place after the glory had passed.
In the act of pardoning His people and taking them once more Into favor, God made known His attribute of mercy. Still, to prevent the fatal misapprehension that He Is a Being of pure and mere benevolence He added a reference to His Justice. He 'will by no means clear the guilty' (cf. Nahum 1: 3), and will 'visit iniquity to the third and fourth generation.’
And Moses made haste, and bow- • ed his head toward the earth, and worshipped. And he said, If now I have found favor in thy sight, O Lord, let the Lord, I pray thee, go In the midst of us; for it is a stiffnecked people; and pardon our Iniquity and our sin, and take us for thine inheritance. Once again Moses pleads for the presence and mercy of God. a prayer which God does not at this time directly answer in so many words or promises, but indirectly answers by His renewal of His covenant with Israel.
The Final Word
"And Jehovah said unto Moses, Write thou these words: for after the tenor of these words I have made a covenant with thee and with Israel. And he wa% there with Jehovah forty days and forty nights; he did neither eat bread, nor drink water. And he wrote upon the tables the words of the covenant, the ten commandments.” On this second occasion of going forty days into seclusion with God it is said that Moses fasted ; and It may perhaps be presumed that he tasted on the first occasion. The writer of the ten words Is shown to have been the Lord by Exodus 34 verse 1.

at regular distances. 1 don’t like that place at all It Is too set— too precise to suit the surrounding country. To aim at too much precision In the country Is to attempt to paint the lily.
A tree Is a beautiful thing. It should not be destroyed If It hap-to be two feet out of line
|
Partner tried to make a widow of me last week? How? He tripped and fell, and where he fell was other than the bull-pen. It
<
radio stars.
special programmes recorded. The discs were flown the Atlantic by bomber, and
I
none
makes my blood run cold when I think of it—he might have been trampled to death before I knew anyth lag about It. As it was, to himself from getting mixed up with hooves and horns, he gave himself a sharp twist and wrenched bis shoulder pretty badly. For two days he was unable to work— and the wheat already to draw In! There is such a small grain crop this year that we were hoping to get In what we have In pretty fair shape, but of course by the time Partner was able to wield a fork the wheat was soaking wet again. However, that's the way things go and we Just have to make up our minds to take It on the chin.
over
will be presented over the CBQ In two weekly broadcasts. The first will be heard Saturday, August list at 7.45 p.m.
1
RUSSIAN COMPOSER

4

4
t
Answer to Previous Puzzle 12 Route of
passage.
24 More youthful
26 Nickel (symbol).
28 Symbol for erbium.
30 Angry.
32 Unfasten.
35 Eternity.
37 Feminine name.
39 Sprinkles.
42 Hypothetical force.
¦
pens
with another tree, for “only Ood can make a tree." And don't destroy the little saplings around your farm. Thin them out for proper growth—or better^ still transplant them. Take a long view of your home—try to see It as others It, and then you may think twice about urging John to cut down that wild apple tree In the
HORIZONTAL
1,5 Pictured ' Russian composer, Nikolay Andreevich
save

HE
rsîp
MB
- »
MSB
ana
An interesting Illustration of the ns# of radio was provided recently the occasion of the Race Riots In Harlem, New York. It provided proof of the efficiency and speed with which this modern means of communication could be mobilized to meet a somewhat distressing emergency. Shortly after the fighting commenced between Negroes and Whites, special appeals were made over a number of radio stations by Mayor LaGuardia and Harlem spokesmen. A few hours later special line connections having been made from one of the New York Police stations, similar appeals for order were broadcast, and these were repeated at several intervals. As a matter of interest, the plan put into effect on this occasion gave an opportunity of providing practical experience for a scheme worked out many months ago for using radio to handle
which might result from enemy action over New York or aioug the nearby Atlantic Seaboard.

I I


ou
a a
i
X
t
v
11	Dined.
12	Fastener.
13	Winglike part.
14	Golf device.
15	Paid notices.
>16 Pronoun.
17 South America (abbr.K
19 Work diligently.
21 Place.
23 Noun suffix. 47 Scottish sheep ¦25 Tavern.
27 Observe.
29 Three (prefix)
31 Symbol of
indebtedness 50 Glass
container.
BOB
enoas a
ho™ M3
QHS usa
I IV
U
PIS
roi » k
-33
back yard.
I am reminded of an old estate in England that dated back hundreds of years. The property was entailed and a condition of the heritage was that for every tree that died or was cut down another should be planted In its place. That estate was one of the beauty spots of the countryside.
Mrs. W.S.—Thank you so much for your kind letter. I think my little chat on trees will make you think of your old home. It Is still as beautiful as ever—no lack of In that district, is tljereT 1 glad this column comes to you like a letter from an old friend. That Is what I want It to be to
n ii
>
VERTICAL
1	His native land,
2	Interweave.
3	Stair.
46 Dessert.

I*n»t week end, being a holiday, had visitors from the city— and they did enjoy the clean, fresh air, even though it was hot. You know 1 am always very Interested In people’s reactions — of city people in the country and vice versa. I like a chance to see ourselves as.others see us — that Is, Insofar as ordinary politeness will allow people to express their opinions. So I was naturally interested In two recent but contrary opinions regarding our farm and home. Here they are. A business man down town went out of his way to compliment us upon the appearance of our place from the road. “There is something very nice about that place of yours,' he said, “the house has good lines and there is so much green around It Just Hdems to nestle among the trees.” Then came my sister from the city and after a close-up tour of inspection these were her remarks. “You know, Gwen, I was just thin Ming what a nice place this would have been had the house and gardens been properly arranged. It is such a hit and miss afîatr with no real shade where you want it!” To tell you the truth I was rather taken aback because I always thought whatever else we lacked we did have plenty of shade. However, her remarks set me thinking, and gny criticism that does that Is worthwhile. That same evening we went for a short drive and took particular notice of farm houses along the way. And do you know most of them were "hit and miss." Suddenly I realised why, and I tried to explain it to my sister. Many of the farms around here are the original family homesteads where pioneers + made a clearing and built their houses or log cabins. The old homes have since been replaced by more modern dwellings but practically on the same site. Trees that were allowed to remain were naturally old trees. Nature took Its course and the trees died one by one. Thus we find gaps In evergreens; and little shade where obviously a •hade tree would be most welcome. And yet on the whole, I think the general effect of most old farm houses is pleasing. Symmetrical arrangement Is all right tor country estates but It doesn't lend Itself to the average farm Louse. I have In mind one iflace where there Is a low cedar windbreak completely surrounding the house. Hack of the windbreak there are Manitoba maples spaced
46	Body of partisans. „
47	Glossy fiber* resembling
inclosure.
we
48	Board (abbr.).
49	Head covering

4	Ship bottoms.
5	Young goats.
6	Assault.
7	Assert.
8	Genus of plants.
9	New Zealand 52 Sharp, quicK
sound.
33 Cured hog thigh.
54	You and L
55	Above.
56	Therefore.
silk
(abbr.).
33	Entrance
34	Exist.
36 Constellation. 52 Salary.
39	Kr (abbr.) 55
40	Decoration.	57	Insect.
41	Soon.	58	Ovum (comb.	10 Vigor.
43	Pig pen.	form).
44	GiU (abbr.).	59	Lay open	to	18 Also.
45	Article of	attack.	20	Desired
furniture. 60 Middle ear. longingly
49	Search.
50	East Indian-island
51	Musical not#
51 Dressed animal pelt
green
am
difficult situation
any
tree.
12 Father.
everyone

SU N D A Y SCHOOL LESSON
As well as providing all the fun of out door life, camping, swimming, boating and picnicing, summer time also provides many a headache for Mother. The younger members of the family have a way of unwittingly bringing the occasional cloud into the sunny family vacation sky . . . after a day In the woods, they come home with a case of poison ivy, or irritating mosquito bites, they tumble down and get a bad cut or maybe develop a light summer cold which should not be ignored. Well Mother, radio is stretching out a helping hand to enable you to easily cope with summertime health problems among the junior members of the family, just make a point of tuning in Dr. Gwen Mu-lock, health authority, every Monday at 4.18 p.m. over the CBC network. Dr. Mulock, In her health talks, entitled The Perils of Junior, will give you helpful and valuable advice with which to arm yourself against unnecessary worry and health troubles.
IO
Ô
V
6
5
4
3
1
I
13
11
II
16
15
I
August 29
ISRAEL'S SIN AND RESTORATION—Exodus 32—34. PRINTED TEXT, Exodus 32: 7-10;
34 : 4-9, 27, 28.
GOLDEN TEXT — Jehovah Is
and abundant In
22
ZO *21
19
18
17
32
30 *31
9
26* 27
28
25
35
34
33
slow to engcr, loving kindness, forgiving Iniquity and transgression. Numbers 14:18.
Memory Verse: I was glad when they said unto me, Let us go into the house of Jehovah. Psalm 122:
40
39
£
44
43
42
41
46
45
l.
the lesson in its settino
Time.—1445-1444 B.C.
Place.—At the foot of Sinai.
Gode Intentions
"And Jehovah spake unto Moses, Go. get thee down; for thy people, that thou broughtest up out of the land of Egypt, have corrupted themselves: they have turned aside quickly out of the way which I
50
49
48
4
*
53
62
51
.lit
58
57
5
56
b9
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—But They Didn’t Land!

well! what
ARE WE y,
WAlTWti JP.
FOR /J
9
TODAY
OUR FIGHTERS FLEW OVER THE CHANMEL Akin OCCUPIED FRANCE


i
o
• |V




i


JJ
i

V



t.



8

X

###PAGE###8###

CANADIANS BEAT JUNGLE, SNAKES, TO BUILD WAR-VITAL RAILROAD
Farmer Resident #1 Portage du Fort Dies at Ogdeishnrg
the '
V
Mr». Julia Mary Osier. widow of the late George Osier, of Ogdensburg, N. Y., passed away on August 6th at her home at 414 Pleasant Ave .
Dr. H, L. Slavey was cnVvd to the home and pronounced death due to a heart ailment.
Mrs. Osier was horn in Portage du Fort, (joe, on March 9, 187ft. the daugh ter of George and Klin Brown Young. She went to Ogdenshnrg when a young woman and »|K*nt the greater part of her life there. Mr. (Lier died about 6 years ago.
She wag * member of St. John's Episcopal Church and active in the Maple City Chapter of the order of ! Etstern Stars.
Surviving is «»ne sister, Mrs. Lester Raker, of Ogdeosburg and several nieces
and nephews.
Funeral services *vere held at 1.30 p m. rn Monday from the home and at j 2.00 from St. John,» Church with the Rev. II. Boardman Jones oflieiating Burial took place in the family plot in Ogdenshurg Cemetery — Ogdensburg Journal.
••
Canada'! Plane Programma forci» opening #f new Innxlts Mines In British Guiann-Roadbed Kept Disappearing intn Swamp, Manager snyt-40-slle Read tank Year ta Complete



\
m.
4


• l
'J



MAYBE you're making bombs or tanks or plane parts or ships—but the rcaJ job, the big job today is delivering the stuff right into the heart of enemy country. No job is more essential today than sweeping enemy planes from the skies; than blasting half-made U-boats back into scrap metal.
If you’re a fit, young Canadian eager to do your bit, there's a place for you in aircrew. There are fast training planes and skilled instructors waiting to help you get wings and get into the fight more quickly than ever before.
a


Storage Stretches Tomato Harvest
When frost threatens, the supply of home grown tomatoes fresh from the vines can be kept coming for several weeks by pulling the vines and hanging them in a dry and moderately light stprage place. , Ripe fruits can be used at once, and the ones that are well developed but not ripe will be able to draw considerable food material from the vines to help them ripen and color.
If the gardener has a large patch with more vines than can be managed conveniently in the storage space available, it will pay to select the best vines for storage and then strip the green fruits from the other vines for use as green tomatoes in cooking and for pickling. Getting full food value from the last of the tomatoes is always good management and better than usual this year because it will conserve the canned supply.
mr
Montreal, Aug. 24.—Canadian- I we treat the people well For in* born engineers have just com- stance, our colored boys like to pleted constructing a railroad travel by train so we give them through forty miles of steaming free rides on the railroad in our jungle in British Guiana, and Pullmans—old freight cars with r‘they had first to kick the snakes the sides out and benches in. And out of the way and then lay the we take rood care of our white roadbed over and over again be- people, of course. Recently we ¦ Ithe gravel kept disappear- found it necessary to build a ipg into the swamp,” says F. L swimming pool for them as they . Parsons, general manager of the cannot bathe in the river with Demarara Bauxite Company, Ltd., safety because of a freshwater who oversaw the job.	shark called the piria, a vicious
riiipi
visiting this city. “It takes four	Its a curse-
tons of bauxite to make one ton Now we re ready to operate of aluminum and your Canadian our new road, which the people plants have been eating up the of British Guiana foresee will mineral at such a pace that down ultimately lead to opening up back in South America we have had to country full of riches. I hope open new bauxite mines. We now Canada will follow up the good have to strip from the bauxite an impression her engineers and overburden of earth up to 100 feet other technicians have been mak-thick.	I inK down there. Recently, the
, . ,ni,	, Daily Chronicle of Georgetown,
It took a year to build those 1 said: Taking a retrospective forty miles of road. It runs from glance, one is bound to say that Mackenzie, w here we crush, wash the history of industrial, economic and dry the bauxite, to a spot in and social development in this the jungle called Hum. We had country in the past decade cannot unskilled labor. And we had to be written without allotting prior-deal with the mud, the snakes, and ity 0f place to the Canadians, our sometimes an ocelot, which is a greatest Empire cousins in the South American tiger.	| Western Hemisphere'.
“This job has added to the I “The job Canadians are doing reputation of Canadians, which is to the south can, I believe, be built already high in South America, into a lot of good post-war busi-They like us down there because | ness.”
PILOTS
NAVIGATORS
BOMBERS
AIR GUNNERS
WIRELESS
OPERATORS
(AS* GUNNERS)
And the specialized training you get today as a member of an R.C.A.F. Aircrew will help you take your place in the skyways of tomorrow.
Make up your mind to get into the fight now. See your nearest R.CA.F. Recruiting Centre today.
cause
It you are physically fit, menially alert, over I7y2 "Ot vet 33, yon are eligible for aircrew training. You do not require a Hi%b School Educati
You can be in uniform at oncel
l
I
t
A
A
A
4
A
Recruiting Centres are located in the principal cities of Canada. Mobile recruiting units visit smaller centres regularly.
AC-BW
vV
Stark's Corners Womens Institute
:=
‘MORE* Is Shifted in Production
By changing the emphasis from use MORE equipment," to USE equipment MORE," American small farmers in battle array are inching ahead in the United Nations’ effort to produce more food.
Two simple examples: Two farmers in Yuma county, Colorado, recently bought as partners a combine formerly owned by one operator; and three Beadle county, South Dakota, farmers bought a thresher which had been owned individually. The object in each case was to get wider utilization of partly idle farm machinery. Co-operative use helps to "spread" machinery by getting it into service on several farms. This saves metal for war, and helps get the food job done despite a shortage of labor.
FOR MORE MILK
¦v
Stnrk's Corneas Women's Institute held their Augn-t meeting at the home of Mrs I* 1> tgg.
Meeting opened with salute t« tlv* flag, the ode and creed.
Roll call was answered by nain ing a traffic law.
The program Legislation ; Mrs L. A. Smart conducted a question aire which was most interesting.
Next meeting at the home ol Mrs. K. Smiley.
>
y
r
Protoct your cows from flies with

Purina Fly Spray
4
Safe, economical, easy to apply
I
t!
Î
A complete line of feeds always on hand
See the difference
PURINA
makes
William ( Pat ) Ward Dies At Local Hospital
4
»,



r
r
A
A veteran of tin* Great War in which he received a number of wounds, William (Pat) Ward died in the Pontiac Community Hospital on Saturday evening at the ag»j of years, lie had been ill foi over a year during which time he hid been treated in hospitals in Mont teal, Ottawa and Shaw ville Born in Ireland, the late Mr Ward for yenm wa« a member of the Imperial Army, and with hi-regiment passed through the South African Campaign and most of the Great War After the war he came to Canada, and has lived in the Bristol and Clarendon townships ever since, following hi* occupation <.f a gardener,
Left to mourn Ids piling arc his wife, the former Annie Black, and two daughters. Hose and Mary, both at their home on the Front road of Clarendon.
The funeral was held from the Hynes* Funeral Parlors to Sluiw ville United Church, and service was conducted by the pastor, Rev. A F Pokes. Interment was made in the Maple Grove Cemetery, the pall bearers being four war voter-and, Hosmer Turner. Clifton Woodley, Ben Smith and W. G. Chisnell with Beg. Hudgins and Anthony Armstrong.
%
I:
!
4
i
i
Mm
it
b

%

Pre-Christian Customs
Zoroaster lived in Persia at least six centuries before the Christian era, so the Parsis* religion shows little evidence of Christian influence, y but has not the obstacles to converti ; sion to Christianity found in the Islamic or Hindu religions.
Zoroaster was one of the first to advocate the worship of one god. His followers believe in life after death, resurrection of the body, and in prayers for the dead. They have their own calendar, with each day dedicated to a particular guardian angel. >
They oftén are erroneously called fire worshippers because when in prayer, they stand facing fire or the sun, as the most appropriate symbols of their god. Parsi history veals a hatred of idolatry.

III
The Mill will be open until 9.30 Saturday nights
. until further notice

?
'/


V
!
V
FOR PIGS, CATTLE
POULTRY
BRITAIN NEEDS EGGS
•sjjijij
'/
%
4
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
V	1
:t
%
^OOCOOOWi^
%
1
The only way to get more eggs from each hen is by feeding, and feeding right. Agricultural Colleges and Universities all over Canada and the U S. A, bave developed poultry feeding into a science from which poultry men can benefit.
North Star Growing Mash will bring your pullets to a laying stage earlier and in better health to keep up production and resist disease.
Get in touch with us as properly balanced feeds are not easy to procure. *
1
Army 'Hutments6
Conversion of permanent tent con- It's Lovely Actions That
E2SÆÎS32&	,p“< Bu«" °» P*™p«’
has been undertaken in 24 U. S.1 Every man feels instinctively that army camps.
The tent camps to be transformed —at an estimated cost of about $25,000,000 — accommodate several hundred thousand troops. Six are located in the West coast area; 11 in the Southeast area and seven in the Southwest area of the United States.
The term "hutment" is used to designate a solid sheathed roof with a two-by-four bracing placed over the standard tent frame. Two sections of the screen wire are replaced by plastic screen which is weatherproof, but which admits sunlight.
Over the other sections of screen wire, hinged plywood shutters are installed.
:
all the beautiful sentiments in the world weigh less than one single lovely action; and that, while tenderness of feeling and susceptibility of generous emotions are accidents of life, permanent goodness is an achievement and a quality of life.
"Fine words," says one homely old proverb "butter no parsnips." The only conclusive evidence of a man’s sincerity is that he gives himself for a principle. Words, money, all things else, are comparatively easy to give away; but when a man makes a gift of his daily life and practice, it is plain that the truth,
whatever it may be, has taken pos- _	...	. .	_,	. ,	__
session of him. From that sincerity , families with good health. Rest, sun-his words gain the force and per- shine, fresh air exercise, and good
tinency of deeds, and his money is *00<J w.1.. ^elP.to keeP the family no longer the * pale drudge ’twixt ^eH. All-out victory cannot be won man and man, but by a beautiful people who are all-in. Long or magic, what ere-while bore the im- : serious illnesses may wreck a fam-
age and superscription of God.—J. -Hy spending plan.
Russell Lowell.	These suggestions might help
Bvoid such a câlamity: Set aside a certain amount each week or month for an emergency fund. Consider possibility of joining a hospitalization *
t
re-
<y.
m
Watch Health of Family
There will be a shortage of doctors, dentists and nurses as a result of demands for medical units to care for our armed forces here and abroad. This means we must do everything we can to insure our
mil
OTTAWA VALLEY GRAIN PRODUCTS^
LIMITED
RENFREW. ONTARIO
##!#
Three Ten-Thousandths of an Inch
'siie
Axis sub commanders know that a Liberty ship can turn on a dime-may be it’s because the final machining of the steel pinions which help drive these< great merchant ships through the seas must be accurate to three ten-thousandths of an inch—work which is often done in air conditioned rooms where the temperature cannot vary more than four degrees. This prevents expansion or contraction due to variations in temperature. Just another reases these ships are good I

Southwestern German City Was Jewelry Trade Center
Pforzheim, Germany, normally has one of the world’s largest jewelry industries. Until war’s outbreak over 22,000 workers in this southwestern German city of 80,000 people were cogs in the mass production of gold and silver ornaments and jewelry, mostly for the popular price trade.
Spread over hillsides at the northeast comer of Germany’s famous Black Forest, Pforzheim softens the hardness of its smoke-belching industries with 17th century gabled residences and business buildings, venerable bridges crossing the Enz and Nagold rivers that meet ther?.
Lying 20 miles southeast of Karlsruhe and 30 miles northwest of Stuttgart, Pforzheim is part of a region in which war industries have been feverishly developed in the past decade. In addition to its long-established jewelry and musical instrument industries, it has copper, chemical and machinery plants, forges, tanneries and paper mills. It is a timber center, dispatching logs down river to the Neckar and the Rhine. Its ancient trade in oil, fruits, wine and cattle continues.
Keep your Buildings in repair with
Gyp-roc Insul brie Masonite Donnaconna
Fluorescent Light
Fluorescent lamps are available plan. Enroll in Red Cross Home in a variety of colors, but the two fNursing and First Aid groups. En-most important colors in general roll in a nutrition group.
lighting applications are the daylight it	________________
and 3,500-degree white. The day- !'
light fluorescent lamp has been de- Childhood Feeding Influences Health signed to produce approximately the i* “Too little, too late” has a special same color as is obtained from the application to the vitamin-mineral north window on an overcast day, needs of children. During the crit-says Harris Reinhardt in the Amer- ical first 10 or 15 years, "too little" lean Paint and Oil Dealer.	~ retards normal development of the
Daylight fluorescent lamps may physique, affects health in adult be characterized as a "cool"‘light ycars anc* length of life as well, source, while the 3,500-degree white ! Adequate supplies of these essential lamp produces a "warmer" color, nutritive factors after the 15th year, Beautiful shades of paint can be.^ile necessary for health, may be
selected through simple tests with « "t00 *ate t0 ma^e UP f°r diet de-fluorescent lighting to produce the ficiencies throughout the formative psychological illusions of warmer or yearf; Today many pediatricians cooler interior atmospheres than are usually prescribe vitamins and min-indicated by the thermometer—a «rais in concentrated form to safe-practical potential in these wartime ^ youngsters from what one days of fuel conservation and re- authority refers to as the “disastrous stricted production of air-condition- rf?.u.Js of v ta min deficiency qunng ing equipment.	childhood. |	- Ef
?

Checking Electric Refrigerator
An electric refrigerator less than five years old rarely runs more than one-third the time at average room temperatures.. If the machine runs, more than this, it’s time to investi-Leakage of air around the
Asphalt Shingles


Roll Roofing Building Paper Lime and Cement Rockwool Insulation



gate
rubber gasket at the door may b* checked by putting a slip uf papei on the rubber, closing the door and then trying to remove the paper If the paper comes out readily warm air is entering the box. In cidentally, grease drops, no matte» how insignificant they may seem harmful to rubber. Further check on door catch and hinges ma> prevent air seepage the refrigerator still runs more thar one-third of the time, a service mar should be called in.

y
The Hodgins Lumber Go-
are
If. however
\


_
