###PAGE###1###
i
*
$1.50 per a n n v m In Advance 2.GO to the United States
I
THURSDAY, AUGUST 28th 1941
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE*.
No. 10 oOthYeail
GOWLING:
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Dr. F. W. MARTIN
Surgeon Dentist
G. T. Paul's Building, Main Street
Phone 119
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
DIED
Victory Dance—Citizens ofBry-i sun will hold h dance in the Town Hall on Friday evening, Sept. oth. Cameron — At her late home,
Proceeds to buy treats for Bryson Campbell's Bay, Que., on Tues-hoys serving overseas. There will Bay, August 20th,	1041. Ethel
be a door prize of $5. lien Shaw s Knox, beloved wife of Hugh orchestra of Renfrew will furnish Cameron in her 50th year, music and the geneial admission is T}ie funeral will be held on Thins. 85 cents.	I afternoon, 28th inst, from the
late home to Campbell's Bay United Church and Cemetery.
Radio Batteries
Corner Bank ard Soirerset Streets
and
Ottawa, Ontario
Thi old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modeln in Ontario Attend a schoo with an established reputation Open all year.
Flash Lights
In Honour of Miss Marjorie Tubman
Rev. and Mrs. Nurse Honoured By Parishioners
Friends and neighbours met at the home of Mr. and Mrs. W J, Tugman on Monday evening Ihe room was tastefully decorated with pink and white streamers.
About seventy-five guests were oresent and a very pleasant even-
pent with music and h Miss Edna Armstrong
PERSONAL MENTION
On Thursday evening members
of the Congregation, the Ladies Mrs. j £). Ellis, of Montreal, is a Guild and the Y. P U met in the quest of Mrs, U. F. U, Fowl es, this Guild room of St. Paul * Church to | week
from the congregation, and Mis. Mrfl Harris Jessimnn, of Ottawa,
Andrew Hodgins, on hehnlt <>l tne ^ visiting her sisters, Mrs. John
Ladies’ Guild c*:.•$! Brown, and Mis. Leonard Horner. NurBe with a Sheffield tiay suit
ably inscribed. The Y P. A. was Miss Lucille Stanley, of Ottawa, represented by Mr. Lindsay Judd jH spending a vacation with he: who presented Mr. Nurse with a patents Mr. and Mrs. L. Stanley, of cheque.	,	.	. Wyman.
îE&sks: v,"”"'7d
On Friday afternoon members with his parents Mr. and Mr. J. IN. of the Ladies’ Guild of the Holy | Russel, Bristol.
Church presented Mr. Nurse with distuct.
a mum of money,	Mrs. M. Pischia and daughter,
Mr. and Mrs. Nurse left on Wed lte|m Mae 0f Phillips, Alta., are nesday morning for their new t8 Mis. Bruce Barber, this home at 1530 Galt Ave., Cote St. | *eek Paul, Montreal.
H. W. BRAITHWAITk Principal
W. E. COWLING President
50c
6 Ignitor Dry Cells.........
770	B Batteries ...........
771	C Batteries ............
740 A Batteries,1 1.4 volt
A1300 A Air Cell 1.4 volt....
A2300 A Air Cell 500 hour, 2v 4,95 A2600 A Air Cell 1000 hour 2v 7.95
No,
$3.20
mg was e singing wit
the piano.	,,
About ten o'clock an add res* read by Miss Helen Corrigan, while a basket of gifts were pre rented by the Misses Em by le Brownlee and Gertrude Whalen.
After the opening of the girts Miss Tubman replied in a few very fitting words and everybody join ed in singing * For She’s a Jolly Good Fellow."
Dainty refreshments were serv ed by the ladies.
it
JAMES A. MILLAR
50c
a
at
B. A.. L. L. L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc."
129 Main St.,Hull,Que.
At Moy le’s[Hotel, Ccr plell's ay every Wednesday morning At PontiacHouse, Shawville,every Wednesday at Noon
2,40
was
3.25
ii
a
n
Flash Lights, 95 cents up
GARLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
-r Estate [G.J. Caldwell f
Total Revenues of Dominion Govt, in July Amounted to $ 96,110,636
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE,QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street Shawville Que.
f
The Federal government had total revenues of 106,110,636 last month and spent $ 146,740,152, the office of the comptroller of the treasury reported on Saturday August 22nd.
But the report showed that in the first four months of the current fiscal year—up to July 31—the total revenues $ 484,250,397 compared with total expenditures of $ 439,033,416.
Revenues in July compared with collections of $ 53,137,888 in July 1940, with all revenue divisions showing an
The veetry of Soiithminister] j8a" 'vacation* wUh^her month, last year were 8 271,798,661.
ÏpX SB rfdïï» »'¦	C™"r"'d	52? «
Wednesday afternoon, August 20,	the sum spent last month. For the first
when Rev. G Goth officiated at the Mr. and Mrs. Jack Pembroke, of four months of 1940—41 expenditures marriage of Miss Thelma Evelyn Montreal, were guests of Mr. and were $ 251,012.079.
Laugh ren, elder daughter ot M M M rs. Gold win McDowell, during q^he war appropriation accounted for and Mrs. Wilfred Laughren, oM	tke past	week,	more than two-thirds	of July spending.
and matching accessories. Her	lives in	tow n.	734 in income tax collections. Excise At Proudfoot Hotel, paraphe. Bay
corsage bouquet was of Talisman %. Mark Walsh and son, Hobby ! taxes, sales, stamps, etc. brought in the	every Tuesday at Noon.
hy	ï‘ZAmViW >ÏSa.	House, Shawville every
sister, Miss Viola Laughren, >vll° Stewart Litchfield.	boosts were reported in receipts from |	Tuesday Evening,
chose a navy bine dress with white	*	customs import duty,	excise duty, post
trimming? and accessories to	Misses	Etta	and	Janet	office department and	sundry other dematch. Her corsage was ot pink	nyroil	have	returned	to	their	partment8
roses.	. home in Elucide alter visiting
The bridegroom was attended 11 elittives in Kingston, Ont
by Mr. Clarence Heron.
Later a reception was held at the home of the bride’s parents at turned to Charceris. The young couple were after spending recipients of many and beautiful tives ill this di Mr. and Mrs. Box left on a On their return they
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate Barrister,! Solicitor,etc.
Office: CampbelVsBay, Que (In Lawn Block)
I
were
Miss Marjorie Dahm«, Reg. N , of Buffalo, N. Y„ h spending a vacation with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Dahms.
MARRIED

OPENING
DONAT Le GUERRIER
SCHOOL
BOX -LAUCiHREN
Revenues in the first fear
B.A. L.L.B
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
will call anv
Branch at Quyon
Monday on request
Headquarters
For School Supplies
Matter dealt with by correspondence
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, -2219

Scribblers, Pencils, Looseleaf Notebooks, Refills.|iMathematical Sets, Fountain Pens, Pen Points, Eversharpe Pencils, Leads, Rulers, Erasers,
Mucilage, etc.
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary" Surgeon
SHAWVILLE

Rules for Winning the War
Ink,
Crayons,
Glue,
etc.
I
Mr. A. H, Hamel and family re-
Montreal on Sunday a week with rela-istriet,
Miss Nellie Imison has returned to Montreal after spending a two weeks Aaeation with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. II. Imison.
Mrs. (Dr.) Henry Argue, and daughter, Miss Mary, of Forest, Out, are visiting at the home of Mr. and Mrs J. M. Argue, this
week.
Mr. H. J. Connelly and family have returned to their home in South Porcupine, Ont., after a two weeks' vacation with relatives and friends in this district.
Mr. and Mrs. J, P. Moore and children, of Barneveld, N. J , are spending a vacation at the home of Mrs. Moore's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Alex Hodgins, 7th line.
Phone 81

Yon musfcn t pay a bakery to slice bread for you.
You mustn’t walk to a service station to buy gasolene
\ on can't give more than 10 per cent of your income to war services that save the government money. (If you do, you’re taxed.)
You can be made to pay “back pay” to a man who was never on your pay-roll.
You can go to the swankiest hotel hut you mustn’t take your wife even to live in a tourist cabin on less money.
You can sell life insurance with-paying excess profits tax. but lire insurance.
You can sell orange juice in a tin but not in a bottle. (If you do you are taxed 25%)
You can't deliver a bottle of milk, except on the regular deli very, but you can use a teu ton truck to deliver a nail-tile.
All these rules, apparently, have something tod«> with winning the war.—Financial Post.
$
Er. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE. PLATEAU 63 8 8
gifts
motor trip will reside in Ottawa
Canadian Red Cross Quebec Division
CLOTHING
*
i
During the month of July the
85.000	volunteer women workers in the 182 Branches of the Quebec Provincial Division of the Cana than Bed Cross Society completed 02.343 articles, valued at 824,252,
according to a statement released at Red Cross House, Montreal,
Of this total of 02,343 finished articles. 20,557 were garments tor air raid victims in Great Britain and for members of the NX omen s Auxiliary Services of England. More tlmn 1,770 garments were tor this latter group. Total value ot these 20,257 garments was plCpL The remaining 30,000 finished articles, which were valued at $0 511 were for distribution to army and hospital centres overseas and in Canada. Of this number 5,020 articles were for distribution in the Dominion ot which
5.000	were hospital supplies and 820 for naval centres.
Officials of the War-works Conr mittea at Red Cross House paid tribute to the faithfulness with which the volunteer workers throughout the province have continued the work of the Red Cro«s dùring the summer months, as is clearly shown by the steady flow of finished articles arriving at
at Red Cross House.
During July an increase ot al most 2,000 articles was shown over
the previous month.
“This increase in production well as the faithfulness which oiu-volunteer women workers have shown during the hot weather is
rSBSft; w« Works
Committee. “There has also been a marked improvement in the quality of the work received at Red Closs House which enables the inspection department to keep shipments moving regularly without the need of more than the
minimum of alterations.*
t
0%. WALLACE J.W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224St.Catherine Street.West
MONTREAL, QUE.
BOYS’ PANTS
out n >t
Well
Good serviceable tweeds for school-wear made, several patterns to choose from Cotton-
ades, ducks tweeds. $1.49 to $2.95
BELAI R : 207

H K. NEILSON, M.D.
BOYS’ WINDBREAKERS
eciali
Mr. and Mis. Duncan Hodgins and children, of Newton, N. J , are visiting a tithe home of the former s parents, Mr. and Mrs Alex. Hodgins, 7th line, Clarendon.
LAc Leslie Dods, accompanied by LAc. Bob Faketiy, H C.A.F., of Montreal, visited at the home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. John Dods, Bristol, for the week-end.
Eye Ear, Nose Throat
ILDING
MEDIC
Two-tone Fall weight windbreakers for boys.
Good snappy patterns. $1.50 to $3.50
ONT.
OTTAWA.
District Boys Do Well in Call Competition At Ottawa Fair
Shawville Calf Club was represented ill the Junior Competition at Central Canada Exhibition.
STï# rS""ïkj™::i n™.» «<*•¦ c»r- Cladsi"«.
Laurie MacKechnie, of Wyman.
In a class of 37 Ayrshire calves.
Douglas MacKechnie was placed second and the other three were placed well up in the first ten. I esla
in the inter club groups, nine k, j. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
sr'Sorss %%% I.... »......................«	«...o,,...,-.,
lieve, is a creditable showing toi
comM& boy,inavery large Gordon T. Paul The only entry from the county	I N S II R û NP. F
in the open classes consisted ot	I H U V 11 fi HU L
four animals from the Ayrshire herd of 8. Wyman, MacKechnie and Sons, Wyman, who were successful in winning first in a class of 14 bull calves with Bonnie* shade Golden Pride was
terve Grand Champion winnings of this herd were as follows : Second prize, two year old hiefer. Third prize, yearling bull and sixth prize, heifer calf.
RHONE, 2-7961
SCHOOL GIRLS’ SHOES
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
New brogue styles in military tan, black
brown $1,65 to $3.50
Allan Armstrong, of Ste Eugene, Que., Mr. Bruce Armstrong and Miss Doris Manewell. of Toronto, were week end guests at the home ot Mr. and Mrs. Lome Armstrong.
Mi
OTTAWA. ONTARIO
I
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
on all visual and muscular » defec
i
Vi
I
Mr. and Mrs Jim Johnson, and children, have returned to their home in Montreal, alter spending a vacation at the home of Mrs Johnsons'? parents, Mr. and Mrs H. Imison.
our
%
« as
Corp. Elgin K. McKnight of the R. C. A F. Uplands. Ottawa, and Sapper Walter McKnight of ft. C E Toronto, spent the week end with their mother and sisters Almonte.
Miss Catherine Hodgins. nurse in-training at Renfrew Victoria Hospital, has returned to Renfrew after spending a three weeks' va cation with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Hilliard Hodgins.
representing; com fames
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
I
This animal later a wared Junior and Re-
Other
THE W. A. HODGINS STORE

Quebec
Shawville
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
###PAGE###2###
J
11
m
16
Commentary on Current Events
MRS. AMBASSADOR AND MRS. ENGLAND
IKBHIiHI
C.N.E. Extends Welcome To Our ‘Good Neighbors*
THE WAR - WEEK
The Powder Keg Sizzles In Russia and Far East




T jm,

great coal resources, Iron mines, deposits of salt, copper and other minerals.
has
Strategic Thailand
American Touriste Visiting Canada Expected To Reach An All Time High This Smmner — Many Tours Being Arranged to Visit Canadian National Exhibition.
Nature*» Babies Shown at C.N.E.
Thailand, formerly known as Slam, Is the strategic state of
southwestern Asia. Beyond Thaland western
JhA

battles
Russia, however, still with dogged tenacity and surpasses all previous German opponents In fighting temper. For the first time the German mechanized army has met an almost equally mechanized foe «and a foe whose morale cannot be shaken.
The German High Command cannot understand the morale of the Russians who simply refuse to surrender even when faced with certain death. Germany claims that a Russian army can tr technically beaten but that it seems to have the power and . the break up Into small groups and continue the battle by resorting to guerilla warfare.
Napoeon ran tip against tl » same thing when, in one battle, the Russians fought to the death after their position had been rendered hopeless. After the battle Napol-
hardly believe that there were practically no prisoners
and he exclaimed:
let themselves be killed;
ÉÉM
northern
land’s
frontiers lies British Burma, gateway to India.
"Empire Spirit” will come to Mfe before your eyes In a thrilling pageant with & oast of 1500 on the 1000 foot stage with superb lighting effects and glorious musical accompaniments, and with huge figures of the statute of Liberty the right and Britannia on the left This performance will be topped off with a brilliant display of fireworks.
"GOOD NEIGHBOR” POLICY
President Roosevelt’s "good seighbor” policy is undoubtedly having beneficial repercussions in Canada. First of these Is the decision of the Republic of Mexico to take space in the Canadian National Exhibition where Mexican handicrafts and natural products will be lavishly displayed. South and Central American countries wtM also be represented.
MILITARY TRACK MEET
The armed forces of United States and Canada clash! Don’t be alarmed though—It Is at the Inter-tlon&l Track Meet at the Canadian National Exhibition. Outstanding athletes of both countries will meet in competition for "track” honors. Units from the Umpire overseas training here will also take part in this unique programme.
In the south she border with British
has a common Malaya, rich in rubber and tin. She Is a few hours, as the bomber
Britain's
m
i
Baby Birds, Snakes, Turtles, Porcupines To Be Seen In Nature’s Wonderland at Toronto Exhibition
$
sÉHF
flies, from Singapore, bastion of empire defense In the
On her east lies
Far East.
French Indo-Chlna where the
have completed a mill-
. ¦¦¦ 11
Attractive Mrs. John G. Winant, left, wife of U.S. ambassador to Britain, swaps smiles with Mrs. Winston Churchill at opening of New England Services Club, sponsored by Y.W.C.A. in London for women on war duty.
Japanese tary occupation.
Last week Thailand fell under the rays of Japan’s rising sun. Tokyo was said to be pressing Bangkok for military bases and control of the country’s production. which includes tin and rubber as well as rice. Soldiers of Nippon In Indo-Chlna took up positions on Thailand's frontier. Bangkok lined up troops on the other side of the jungle border and announced that it would fight aggression from any quarter.
Whoever controls Thailand Is in a position to menace all the pow-of the Far East, save perhaps China. Japan is openly planning to move in as the dominant power in East Asia.
Japan needs Thailand as a stepping stone toward that domination. Japan needs Thailand’s rubber and tin and Burma’s oil. If entrenched in Thailand she would be In a position to block the Burma road, cutting off war supplies to China. Thus hundreds of thousands of Japanese troops could be released from China to fight against the Russians in Siberia.
While Japan has been pouring troops into Indo-Chlna, Britain has augmented her Singapore fleet with H.M.S. Warsplte and other powerful naval units and has strengthened her garrisons in Singapore and Burma with reinforcements of British, Australian
In Nature’s Wonderland, formerly known as the Children’s Zoo at the Canadian National Exhibition, visitors this year, state C. N. H. headquarters, will be able to a close-up of early Infancy in nature’s own nursery. Here babies of the animal, bird and reptile kingdoms will be born nearly every day, and nature lovers will be able to see them make their first bow to the world.
Here, too, nature’s counterparts of the modern units of a mechanised army of today will be on view. The air raiders,—eagles, owls and hawks ;
lowly skunk family; the armored troops;—turtles and tortoises; and the Infantry’s bristling line of bayonets,—Papa and Mama Porcupine and their little brood.
A devoted father and his nine children will be guests In this unique soo. Yes, sir! Papa Emu and his nine little Emu children all the way from New Zealand, will say hello to the C. N. E. visitor. Mama BmuT Well, you see in the Emu family the custom is for the male member of the family to look after the children, while mother is free to go gadding about, gossiping
with the neighbors.
Featured this year at the Exhibition by popular demand, Nature’s Wonderland will be situated Just east of the Exhibition Art Gallery
morale to
Wall-Papering Important Art
EXHIBITION
PROGRAM
The Correct Application of Color and Design Demonstrated In International Building at C.N.E.
Friday, August 22 — Opening Day—Lieut. - Governor opens 63rd C.N.E.
Saturday, August 23—Warriors’ Day, associated with Red Cross and Auxiliary War Services.
Monday, August 25—Children’s Day.
Tuesday, August 26—Automotive Day.
Wednesday, August 27—Food Productt Day.
Thursday, August 28—Women’s, Music and Art Day.
Friday, August 29—Press Day.
Saturday, August 30—Manufacturers’, Athletic and Floral Day.
Monday, September 1 — Labor Day.
Tuesday, September 2—International Day (Program under the auspices of International Business Machines Co. Ltd.)
Wednesday, September 3—Agriculturists’ Day.
Thursday, September A—Trans portation, Commercial Travellers’
eon could
“These Rus-
sians
they are not taken alive. This does
not help us at all ’
The next few weeks will be a crucial period. Operations on the whole Russian front are growing In seriousness. There la still time for the Germans to take the gate-of the Russian defense sys-
the gas attackers,—the
ers
If you think Its a job trying to decide what wall paper you’ll use that room you’re going to do over, pity William Howard.
For Mr. Howard has just finished choosing wall paper for all the of six distinctly different
on
ways
tern a round Leningrad, Smolensk and Kieve before the September
Whatever check the
rooms
kinds of houses; houses that will be presented in the International Building of the Canadian National Exhibition this year to demonstrate how Canadians live.
Mr. Howard has chosen new and fresh looking colors and some interesting designs. The tendency this year, he says, is to get away from the common neutral grounds that have been so In vogue for the past few seasons. Colors are lighter and patterns are more vivacious than they have been.
He to using a number of regency stripes and some new florals that have been developed. And the combination of plain and figured papers to give a room added interest is being worked out. In one house, for instance, he is doing
room and
and Merchants’
rains come.
Nazis have suffered during the month and however much their "time-table” has been disarranged, their striking power has not been destroyed.
On the other hand it is still possible that the German armies be slowed and slowed again by
“lurlng-on” tactics, and guerilla warfare. The offensive may bog down in the snow and Ice of an early Russian winter. Meanwhile, there is no occasion for overconfidence. From now on, it is not a question of anybody's “magnificent resistance" but of who wins the war.
TWO FINE BANDS
The United States Navy Band to one of the finest bands in the world. Its eighty-five members will be a fourteen day attraction on She Band shell.
The American Great War Veterans’ drum and bugle band of fifty-seven girls will . iake Its first Canadian appearance at the Canadian National Exhibition.
last
can

tho Russian
HOSPITALITY 6 PATRIOTISM Bores a simple way you can help Canada’s war effort — your United States friends that there Is no passport required to visit Canada. Thus you will help stimulate the flow of American vtoltors to our many beauty spots and great recreational centres.
and Indian troops.
Canadian Navy
Given New Duties
teU
Will Vichy Yield?
Vichy-controlled France has joined Germany in full collaboration and Marshal Philippe Petain has proclaimed his intention of forcing France to share with her conqueror in a European reorganization. Vichy France is now Considered by Britain to be a full-fledged Nazi power.
German pressure caused France to surrender Indo-China to Japan and has brought Britain and the United States to the verge of war in the Pacific. Will France now be made to surrender the French African colonies and the French fleet to Germany? With German occupation of Dakar on the west African coast the security of the western hemisphere would be seriously menaced.
Polish Russian Pact
In London on July 30 the Polish and Soviet diplomats signed a treaty ending the state of war that had existed between the two countries ever since the Russian invasion in September. 1939. By the new pact the Russians agreed to release all Polish army prisoners. estimated around 300,000. and allow them to be formed into a national army, which would join the Red army in the fight against the Nazis.
and Service Clubs’
Day.
The Dominions Office has announced that the Admiralty and the Canadian Navy have reached agreement under which Canada’s navy will play a more "significant” role in the Pacific and also a more effective part in the convoying of equipment and personnel across the Atlantic.
The Dominions Office said that the agreement "may have a far-reaching affect on many aspects of the Battle of the Atlantic” and It added that before the end of this year Canada planned to have
of 26000 men and 250
September 6 — Live
Russia Bombs Berlin
Friday,
Stock Review Day.
There seems no question that Russian retaliatory bombing of Berlin har begun. That challenges the Nazi statements that
the living room, sun dining room all in plain and figured papers of the same tones. The rooms are so designed that they can be opened to give a charming picture all together.
A new idea being developed In the kitchens is to bring the wall
over the cupboards, in-
September 6—Citl-
Saturday,
zens’ and Children’s Day.
an
anew
Russian air poww has oeen shattered. Whether the Russians have sufficient long-range equipment to match the growing British air assault on Berlin and other German cities remains to he seen. There see- s small doubt, however,
Saving Ontario's
Natural
Resources
Gold and Silver
From Floor Dust
The value of minute attention to details is dramatically demonstrated by the following practice observed in all United States mints: each day the floors of the mints are scrupulously swept, the
burned and the gold
papers up stead of using plain or ceiling pa-And the interesting effect
pers.
you get of using the wall-pattern on the ceiling as well is very refreshing where the room needs to be pulled together to make it cozier and more inviting. On the other hand where it is desired to break a room up and make it seem to have more wall interest, you can dado effect for the lower
that Berlin is due to taste something of the horrors of bombing and that Russian bomber* will prove more ruthless than those of the Royal Air Force.
By G. C. Toner
(Ontario Federation of Angler»
and Hunter»)
No. 54
ARRANGEMENT OF ROCKS
sweepings and silver in them recovered. At the Philadelphia Mint, for example, about $10,000 worth of gold sweepings are reclaimed annually by this method.
a navy
¦hips.
In walking a mile, a man of average 2,270 steps-
Palace or Cottage Same to Germans
height will take about
At the base of the Silurian rocks are several formations that highly interesting to the people of this Province. Profes-Coleman in his "Geology of Canada” states: "The lower formations of the Silurian are composed chiefly of sandstones and ahales. All these rocks are of a very soft nature but the overlying Lockport formation is a heavy dolomitic limestone, deposited in the middle Silurian sea at the time of its greatest extension and deepest water. In consequence of the occurrence of this hard heavy stone above the soft underlying formations, a striking feature of the topography of the province has arisen. Millions of years have intervened between the time that these rocks were lifted out of the and the present. During all this time the forces of erosion have been at work, with the results that the softer rocks have been worn away except where the hard Lockport limestone has afforded them protection. The line to which the erosion has advanced westward is marked therefore by a sharp cliff or escarpment which reaches from Manitoulin island to Queenston Heights."
"Thus, the southern part of the province is divided into two topographic units—the western uplands and the eastern lowlands, separated by the significant escarpment which is known as the Hamilton mountain. Niagara Falls its existence to the same set ef causes for had there been no escarpment there would be no falls, and no escarpment would have been formed had the arrangement of hard and soft rocks been different. To the sequence ef events in the far-distant Silurian sea we owe the present configuration of Ontario and the possession of one of the scenic wonders of the world.”
use a
part of the walls in the same co or as the paper.
Turquoise blues, so popular In past seasons, have rather run their course, and in their place a great dusty pinks, such as Mr.
“LUCKY” TETER AT C.N.E.
The King and Queen traveled 200 miles to visit the bombed of Hull, the British Broad-
are
areas
casting Corporation reported.
One woman, bombed out of her home in a recent raid, said she was still living in it although the windows were broken.
"So are the ones at Buckingham Palace," the Queen laughingly replied.
*r.
•or
&
many
Howard has used in some of his . rooms, are being employed. They refreshing in summer and warm and friendly in winter.
In one of the smaller houses Howard has taken striped paper and placed it in closets with the stripes running horizontally, rather than vertically to give more
m

m, .
m
#
are
Mr.
The Russian Front
Since the Russo-German war started in June the Russians have for the most part been holding the Nazis outside their main for tifications by a series of magnificent delaying actions. Now the German drive eastward, after one of its periodic slowing» up, appears to be moving forward again
A notable increase in confidence has been unmistakable in official German quarters recently. These sources uould appear to reckon on the success of a concentrated drive eastward in the Ukraln sector. The possession of the Ukraine is of vital importance to Germany, its grain and sugar beet farms make it the nation's “bread basket” and "sugar bowl.” It also
New German Trick To Fool Russians
<2

mm
v x
r
%
î
m
XX :
spaciousness.
He has used the large scale designs only in large rooms for the larger the pattern the smaller it makes the room appear.
One of the interesting decorative effects he has obtained in the Georgian library is a panelling with Canadian yellow birch—a rich fresh looking wood that has been highly prized in England for number of years, while Canad-
importlng their wood

%
>?

Russian dispatches from tne front recently said the Germans are trying tricks to corneal the steady decline of their forces.
For example it was said, Russian troops heard machine gun lire rattling in a wooded sector
azi gunners were busy behind every tree and hush. Prussian scouts, however, could find on y one machine gun nest.
Investigation disclosed that a microphone and a series of loud-speakers had been set up to spread the clatter of the single gun throughout the woods.

*



%
m
wBm
>
/M
as though
$ t
m
«X
a
ians were panellings from abroad.



V «
"Suicide Leap" as this stunt is aptly called, is one of the many death-defying feats which "Lucky" Teter and his squad of Hell Drivers" are noted for. They are scheduled to appear at the 1.M1 Canadian National Exhibition.
Beet sugar produced from this year’s crop in Spain 170,000 tons.
will weigh
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Smart Boy
YES, SIR/ BUT I CUT OFF THE ROPE / I THOUGHT YOUD •7 WANNA SAVE THAT !
WE RE STILL DRIFTING/ DID YOU THROW THE ANCHOR OVERBOARD?
;
THIS LOOKS LIKE A NICE SPOT/ THROW THE ANCHOR OVERBOARD
SO XTUVE NEVER BEEN 'WAY OUT HERE FI5HIN BEFORE ?	>
#
?

I
<

k
Yt
NO,
»
SIR f
13

0
/
A legal ruling states that a cow has a right in the road. Fancy taking all this time to find out what cow# seem to have known all along.
fo*l

La-
—»
###PAGE###3###
Chemical Process Restores Writing
double-acting
TABLE TALKS
Rayon’s Progress In Textile Trade
RED ATTACKER?
The
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
POTHOUSE MUBHER . .
3 WAY
mm
0HBAKIN6
Signatures of King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra
A Medley of
Conserves
Moves Into Second Position Among World’s Leading Textile Products
Damaged by Fire Are Restored

by New Chemical
by CALEB JOHNSON

Process
All of us who like something different do delight in trying new
Nothing gives us a bet-
CHAPTER 18
Statistics of the world production of rayon (artificial silk) last provide the material of much It was a record pro-
Signatures of King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra in a j book reduced to ashes by Nazi incendiary bombs have been made legible again by a new chemical process discovered by research chemists of London’s Metropolitan
Police Laboratory.
The autographs were written in 1883, when the pair were Prince and Princess of Wales, in the visitors’ book of the City of London
College.	i
Razed to the ground one night
by incendiary bombs, the College lost all its possessions, yet resumed work next day in loaned
a sheet of
%
recipes.
ter scope for this than the makI have a
S.
‘‘Miss Lane is doing splendid-1 y,” said Martin Frazier, as he joined Inspector Flaherty, Max Michaelis and Archie Doane in the Inspector’s office at half past two on Sunday afternoon. “I’ve just got word from the hospital. It was a close call, Carrel says, as she is what the doctors call a ‘hémophile’—a doesn’t coagulate, transfusion fixed that after they had stopped the flow from the bullet wound. There was a puzzling angle to the ca.se, they told For a long time after she regained consciousness she acted as if she had been under the influence of some narcotic and was having difficulty throwing off its effects.”
Max Michaelis’ eyebrows lifted and his thin lips curled in a slight smile.
“Has that got something to do with your theory, Max 7” asked the Inspector.
“It has everything to do with it,” replied the lawyer. “Can we see Miss Lane? doctor say?”
“He said that one person could talk to her for a few minutes,” replied Frazier.
“We'll go up right away, but first let's see what other news we
Where is the Doc,

*

year
speculation, duction for any year, 2,380,810,000 pounds, an increase of seven percent on the production for the
previous year.
Rayon was the only one of the great textile staples (if rayon can be called a textile) which last year showed a record production.
More than that, rayon moved into second place among the big four of the textiles—cotton, rayon, wool and silk—displacing wool and being exceeded in production only by cotton. Perhaps it is not extravagant to say that rayon is coming more and more to be, in varying degrees, a universal synthetic substitute for the three
standard textiles.
Economists and political philosophers may be left “for the duration” to make what they can of the fact that Germany was first last year in rayon production and Japan was second. Germany produced 825,000,000 pounds, or 35 percent, and Japan 525,000,000 pounds, or 22 percent.
ing of new conserves, number of requests and I am going to combine them in this week's column with a few very special

ft


t
favorites.

<9
»
Peach Conserve
l


m
15 large peaches 1 lemon
*
I
bleeder; the blood But a single
1 orange 1 grapefruit
1 teaspoon almond flavoring % teaspoon nutmeg 1 cup blanched shredded almonds Sugar, equal quantities for peaches
Peel and slice peaches, add orange, grapefruit and lemon. Cook for one-half hour then add the sugar and cook for 45 minutes until a marmalade consistency. Add nuts and cook 5 minutes. Pour into sterile glasses; when cool seal with paraffin. If desired % cup chopped maraschino cherries may be added.
Peach Conserve with Pineapple
3 cups sliced peaches % cup crushed pineapple 1 grapefruit 1 cup raisins 3 cups sugar
% cup rolled or chopped pecans Scald and cold dip peaches, peel. Add pineapple and grapefruit, sliced thin or chopped very Add the raisins and cook
Add the


5buP*l
gg YOU USE LESS
fSmSSi
me.
premises without even
notepaper.
The blackened remains of its treasured visitors’ book were sent to the Police Laboratory where the page bearing the Royal signatures was treated with chloral hydrate in a 25 percent, alcoholic solution and dried at 60 degrees Centigrade. After repeating this several times, a mass of chloral hydrate crystals formed on the surface, and at this stage a similar solution, containing 10 percent. glycerine, was applied and the paper dried as before. It was then photographed, and the result was excellent.
General Grigori M. Stern, above, Soviet hero of the Finnish war, is reported readying a Russian army of 500,000 for a big attack the Karelian isthmus near the Russian-Finnish frontier.
It’s the double-action of Calumet Baking Powder that permits you to use less, and still get better results.
Calumet gives continuous leavening-during mixing and in the oven. Easy-opening, won t-spill container, with handy measuring device under the lid. AND THE PRICE IS SURPRISINGLY LOW.
on
thing, Dan, until I get a telegram that I’m expecting any minute
now. and see
there, won’t you, while we talk to the girl?”
Adele Marceau, alias Mademoiselle from Armentieres, proved to he a fluent but apparently straightforward witness, and was evidently stunned and horrified at the tragedy in her mistress’
apartment, questions of the Inspector and Max Michaelis, with the Assistant District Attorney occasionally intervening, she said that she was alone in the apartment all Saturday afternoon, doing the weekly cleaning of the place. She had permission to,leave every Saturday at six and not return until Sunday night. Miss Lane had not returned at a quarter of six, but Adele got ready to go out and had her hat on when Miss Lane arrived, accompanied by M'sieur Henderson.
M’sieur Henderson, Adele said, did not come in, but left Miss Lane at the door of the apart-
Have Larkin call my house if it’s been delivered
What did the
LI I
PEASANT STYLE
A m	"w, m*

\ 2953
(Z %\ZL% tO l
“Beaufighter’s” Power Disclosed
fine.
until mixture thickens.
and cook until it thickens
have here.
Larkin?” Inspector Flaherty asked of his secretary.
The Medical Examiner was waiting outside. “1 personally made a minute examination of the body, as requested,” he reported. “I found no scratches or abrasions of the skin, but in the calf of the left leg there was a puncture, somewhat larger than a pin prick.”
“Could it have been made by a hypodermic needle, Doctor?” asked Michaelis.
“That is what it suggested to me,” was the reply.
Hunch a Cinch
Again Max Michaelis smiled his enigmatic smile, as he'thanked the medical man.
“What about those telephone calls?” he asked the Inspector. Larkin' laid a memorandum on Flalherty’s desk.
“The telephone company reports that there were no calls from Miss Lane’s phone between two P.M. and eleven twenty-four,” the Inspector read.
“But she telephoned me at eleven o’clock!” exclaimed Doane.
“They haven’t any record of it,” replied Inspector Flaherty, glancing at Max Michaelis. The lawyer smiled his enigmatical smile again.
“My hunch is rapidly becoming
“Did
Under the alternate

sugar
again. Add the nuts and cook for five minutes. Pour into glasses and cover with paraffin when cold.
Cantaloupe and Peach Conserve
4 cups peaches 4 cups cantaloupe Juice and grated rind of 1 lemon and 1 orange
1 tablespoon of chopped citron peel
V* cup blanched and shredded almonds
Cook all the fruit for % hour. Add the sugar and cook 12 minutes, stirring constantly, nuts and cook 5 minutes. Pour into hot sterile glasses. When cool seal with paraffin.
Melon Jam
Choose melons which are almost ripe but not overly ripe. Peel, remove the seeds, and cut up the pulp into neat uniform'pieces. Weigh the melon and for every pound of melon allow % lb. of sugar and 4 tablespoons water. Put sugar and water together into preserving kettle, bring to the boil, add the melon and boil steadily until the syrup answers the usual test for jelly. A drop or two of vegetable coloring makes a prettier yellow in color. This is a delightful jelly for tarts and is very economical.
Grape Conserve
â
British
Powerful fighter,” with Range of 000 Miles Is Practically # Flying Panzer

2* 6°Ueil.ACTIN«
«4KIN6
MWDig
• e •
• •
The Ministry of Aircraft Production has disclosed that the Royal Air Force's Bristol Beae-flghter carries the exceptionally powerful armament of four can non in the fuselage and six machine guns in the wings.
Other details released for the first time:
It Is an all-metal mid-wing monoplaiue with a nominal top speed of more than 330 miles an hour at 14.000 feet, carrying a load of 7,200 pounds, Including oil and armament.
It Is powered by two Bristol Hercules 14 cylinder 111 engines developing 1,400 horsepower for the take-off. It has a nominal range of 1,500 miles, carries a crew of two and Is “designed and equipped as a formidable long-range day and night fighter.”
It has an all-over weight of 21,000 pounds, wing span of 57 feet 10 inches and length of 41 feet four inches.
One of its features is two hatches in the underside of the fuselage which when released, create a dead air region for the crew's emergency parachute exit
m
DOUBLE-ACTING

• •


>
Add
• ••
I
; •
objective of these experiments, the Lieutenant pointed out, is to attack pigeons released by opposition forces that have penetrated a front line and seek to notify their headquarters.
“We can tell by seeing a pigeon in mid-air whether it’s one of ours,” MacClure said.
If the sighted pigeon is an unidentified stranger, the Lieutenant related, front-line falconers will release a flock of pursuers trained to capture the messenger and return with it.
The species chosen for the experiments is the Peregrine falcon, native throughout the country. Most of the untamed fighters are to be caught in the heart of New York.
Clure will swing out by rope from atop some of New York’s tailed buildings to set his traps, made of net an* baited with live pigeons, on likely ledges.
Between 200 and 300 birds are to be used, and the men will be trained to handle a dozen birds at a time. The falcons, which stand about two feet high and have an average wing spread of 44 inches, can be turned into first-class pursuers in three weeks.
¦m
The main

# %
• •
ment.
“You knew Mr. Henderson T You had seen him before ?” asked Max Michaelis.
“But yes. At the studio many Also at the Folies Ber-
WÆ

* •
I
l
aW




times.
geres.”
“Had you ever seen him at Misa Lane’s apartment before?”

In The Cellar
“Oh, but certainly. Two times, three times
M’sieur Fitzgerald and, naturally, not so often as M’sieur Doane. But he sent flowers more often than any of the other gentlemen.”
“Now, just what did Miss Lane say and do after she came in and before you left?” asked the Inspector.
“She said, ‘Adele, I’ve got a pin in my clothes somewhere and it’s sticking in my leg. See if you	coming frock,
can find it.' I looked and there	with the fitted bodice and gathered
was a great pin sticking in her	8kirt 0f flower printed cotton or
skirt. I took it out and showed it	the very fashionable glazed chintz,
to her. While I was looking for	sheer cotton such as dimity is
the pin she asked if her aunt had	lovely for the square necked
called. I told her no, nobody had	blouse and bands of gay color
called. She asked didn’t Archie—	accent the skirt and bodice. You’ll
she meant M’sieur Doane—call,	be pretty as a picture and as chic
and 1 said no. She said she’d	aa can in this latest of Sum-
call him up in a minute. She was	mcr cotton frocks,
taking off her hat and gloves and	gtyle No. 2953 is designed for
I stood around waiting to put her	sizes* 10, 12, 14, 16, 18 and 20 j glasses and seal,
things away. She said 1 needn’t ! years Size 16 requires 3% yards wait, it was after six and she	of g^.^ch fabric with % yard of
could look after everything her- | contrasting for jumper; 1% yards self. So I went, and that is all, I
messieurs.”
“Did you lock the door after you went out ? The upper lock?” asked the Inspector.
“But no, so long as Mademoiselle was in, why should I?” was the reply.
“Where did you go when you left the apartment?”	1
“But naturally, to the Folies .
Bergeres in Fifty-seventh Street, where I perform every Saturday night.”
“You didn’t stop anywhere on the way, between Miss Lane’s apartment and the night club?”
Inspector Flaherty demanded.
“But yes. 1 went to the cellar to give l’Oncle Jenkins a newspaper. He is the janitor and we are great friends.”
“How long were you there?”
“Only to give him the paper. A j minute, perhaps two, perhaps three.”
“You didn’t hide anything in the cellar?”
“But no, m’sieur. What should I hide?”
“Did you ever see this before?” the Inspector demanded whisking the nickel-plated revolver from the drawer of his desk. The girl gave a startled cry, but regained her poise instantly.
(Continued next week)
not so many as
a cinch, Dan,” he said. Martinelli find the girl, Adele?”
“Waiting outside,” replied the Inspector. “I wish you’d tell us what you’ve got on your mind, Max. I’m all at sea.”
“Not the first time,” retorted
“I can’t tell you a
Chic and Pretty
Within a few days Mac-
4 lbs. sugar
1	lb. of seedless raisins
2	oranges (medium)
1M cups shelled and chopped
By Louise Lennox
Go prettily peasant in this be-
Make the jumper
Overwork Kills
Three Goldfish
pecans
Sugar
Wash and stem grapes. Place in kettle. Mash and cook until skins separate from pulp. Press through colander. For every cup of pulp use % cup sugar. Combine, adding the raisins and oranges which have been sliced very thin. Boil until thick, stirring frequently. Then add the nuts. Pour into sterile jelly
Michaelis.
The last of three “working" goldfish is dead.
A large industrial plant in New York found that It took a man seven hours a week to keep algae from the sides of a measuring bowl filled with water. The firm put the goldfish to work and the algae disappeared.
But after five months of algae diet the first goldfish turned brown and succumbed. The second was caught iu a drainage pipe, sprained its back, and succumbed.
The last one declined and died— of loneliness.


Tie up to
Mie» Chamber* welcome# personal letter* from Interested render# She la |> le uwed to receive «hi tut emtio b» ob topic# for her coin him iinil la eves ready to Unie» to your “pel
Heijuent# for recipe# or tpecitil menu# ure In order. Add re## your letter# to Ml## Sndle II. Chiim-l»er#. 7:1 %%e#t Adelaide Street. Toronto.’1 Send et nniped. eelf *ddre*#*d envelope If you vvlah » reply
Ogden's!
for blouse.
Send twenty cents (20c), (coin preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 Adelaide St. West, Toronto. Write plainly your name, address and style number. Be sure to state size you wish.

IS
Falcons Called For Army Duty
• To the tramp of marching feet, the of aeroplane engine#, the rattle
roar l_	.,
of machine gun# and the rumble of
tank», Canada give» her answer to the world. And you're invited to aee it all and see it often at the moat dramatic, informative, inspiring Exhibition ever held.
London Citizens Raise Vegetables
V
V
Birds in United States to be Trained to Attack Parachutists and Homing Pigeons
V Propaganda
The World Over

SEE Navy, Army, Air Force mem
in thrilling action display a I
SEE Canadian-built fighting machines go through their paced |
SEE a Measerschmltt and other "souvenirs" from the Bsttle of Britain!
SEE Canadian women answering the call in a dozen important
ways 1
SEE the tools of war being manufactured for use by hnipirn fighting men I
SEE the stirring pageant, Britannia. on the 1000-foot grandstand
stage!
SEE “Canada’s Answer” in an
Exhibition all Canada will be talking about for months to come.
The heart of Loudon is now getting from its own farms hundreds of tons of meat and vegetables a year for the hospitals and other institutions of the metropolis.
London's citizens are the farm of 4.000 acres, mostly within the Green Belt, and in the midst of the "blitz” area. They own 1,500 head of pedigree cattle, 3.000 pigs, 7,000 head of poultry and 550 sheep.
In the year of the “blitz” these farms, run by the London County Council, produced more than ever before:
Ions of milk, 351 tons of meat, 1.668 tons of vegetables and 81 tons of fruit.
They are even “digging for victory" in London's famous nar!:s. Two hundred acres are being worked by borough councils for tood growing. Sheep graze on 6(h) acres.
And In the centre of London alone Individual Londoners are raising food from their allotments on 450 acres.
Falcons are on the way to the United States Army's Signal Corps headquarters for a tryout as the newest weapon against carrier pigeons and parachute troops.
Lieut. Thomas MacClure is 46 and springs from a long line of Scottish falconers, and as a result has been assigned to direct the experiment.
“I know I can bring them down,” MacClure said with a soft highland brogue as he explained the anti-parachutist plans. Details secret but circular knives will be strapped to the chests of Mac-Clure’s “first pursuit squadron” with the intent that they will rip descending parachutists and cause them to collapse in mid-air.
Falcons, among
birds in the world, can dive at 300 miles an hour. They attack by rolling over on their backs and slashing out a drumbeat assault with their feet. They will fight thus when released to harry an opponent's carrier pigeons.

Three Dots and a Dash Broadcast by the B. B. C. From Spain to South America
Ask any old timer how to get the greatest satisfaction from rolling your own and he’ll tell you to tie up to Ogden's —the light green package that is your green light to the beat smoke of your life! For Ogden a isn t “just another fine cut”. It’s different, gorgeously different — a distinctive blend of choicer, riper tobaccos. Try it today.
era
British authorities claimed last week that 100.000,000 people in Europe listened to BBC broadcasts of the Morse dit-dit-dit-dar, the opening notes of Beethoven’s ! Fifth Symphony, various versions
In Gibraltar
Only the best cigarstte papers — "Vogue" or "Chentecler"— are good enough for Ogden's
of V propaganda.
British Tommies with paint pots sloshed Vs on all cars passing into Spain. The campaign spread to South America, where Brazilian students plastered Vs on the walls of an Italian newspaper building.
Best measure of the campaign’s
the efforts of the
are
360,000 eggs, 550.000 gal-
OGDEN'S
CANADIAN NATIONAL
FINE CUT
the fastest
Pip# Smokers I Ask for Ogdon1» Cut Plug
success were Vaterland and its vassals to neutralize it. From the Eiffel Tower hung a V flag. Nazi propaganda photographers snapped V-stenciled trains in Prague. To good Nazis, these Vs of course stood for the unfamiliar word Viktoria.
i
In H.M.S. King George V, our newest battleship, there are 1,200 telephones in various parts of the ship, all linked up to one switchboard.
TORONTO 1941
ISSUE 34— 41
>OHN Mill *•
B
MU 61 *
#1*000 A MUONIS
.!•••#. *******
,
###PAGE###4###

*
range, is recorded in “Scientific Agricul ^ ture,” a publication of the Canadian g Society of Technical Agriculture.
A summary ot the results of the in vestigation shows that orate feeding was the most efficient method and was g productive of very high quality stock.
A total profit over feed cost or approx. -mate!) 59 cents per bird was attributed to this method ot finishing. Hie extremely high efficiency of the fattening period was evidenced by a feed cost per pound of gain 6 92 cents foi the crate fattened birds as against 18.24 cents and cents for the range cockerels and
capons, respectfully.
Caponizing for market was the next most efficient method and was very ec- ^ onomical because of the lower feed requirements of capons during the iearing period and on account of their relatively high degree of fatness even when killed
UffKilUng cockerels for market directly off range was the least economical procedure in that gains were low and at a relatively high feed cost, and mai ket quality drew a much lower valuation than either crate fed cockerels and and capons. A total profit over feed costs of 35 eents per bird was shown for cockerels killed off the range
6
G
six
TIMELY
SPECIALS
DALE’S TINSHOP
THE EQUITY
e
6


fa
f3
Ë
S
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Shawville. August 28th, 1941
Ë
1
&

G
UNITY : AUSTERITY
B
f
ra
Ë
ti
G
( Contributed by I. D. Willis )
The strength of a giant cable comes from the combined strength of millions of little strands that are united m a common purpose. Alone, these strands are weak, but when they support and help each other they can bear a tre-menduoas strain, for they all pul o-
gether.
That is
the pull together. That is
give us strength to make our war et fort fully effective, and courage to face and conquer post-war problems. >> e
must all pull together for one common
purpose—a greater war-effort and a bet
ter Canada.	,
We, the citizens of Canada, are the
strands that make up the national cable. We, as individuals, have litte strength by ourselves but when we pull together we have strength far beyond our comprehension. We are all interdependent and must work together. Anything that blocks co-operation and united effort must be removed, We must each, as individuals, adapt ourselves to those around us, realizing that our neighbours, too, have a part to play, and that it is only by united effort that results will be
<l Rice, creed, political opinion and personal interests must be subordinated to the national interest. All have parts to play : There is room for all. but all must have a common purpose and must pull one way, so to not the cable of national resolve shall be strong and flawless to bear the strain that the coming
^Let^s'forgef our differences and disagreements ; let us put aside sectionalism, class and self interest. Let us concentrate upon those many things we hae,e in common and gird on the armour of determination to go forward m war and peace as a united nation seeking to make Democracy a living vital thing.
¦
Come in arçd see our full stock of
£
1/
I
*23.25
$2.35 per 100 lbs $2.25 per 100 lbs
100 lbs
Cafeteria Laying Mash.
Monarch Fattening Mash Monarch Dairy Concentrate *2/Jo per Monarch Turkey Grower 1*2.20 per 100 lbs Monarch Calf Meal	*2.50 per ICO lbs
Monarch Calf Meal	25 I,cr 2;) lbs
m
FINDLAY
m
what is needed in Canada ;
what will
RANGE
)
i
&

A stove for every purpose, in all sizes
The above prices are about 50 cents per bag below
present values
A lucky buy enables us to pass these
savings to you


i-t
Pontiac Rural Telephone
August 20th, 1941
A meeting of the directors of the Pontiac Rural Telephone Co. was held the above date in the Telephone
^Sheriff Sales
! Official Language of State Is American, Not English
?
on
American is the official language of Illinois, although citizens of the state may have overlooked the fact. It was brought out in a Chicago court the other day when an interpreter was being sworn. The clerk read the oath pledging the interpreter to translate faithfully from the Polish into the
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given that the undermentioned LANDS and TENEMENTS have been seized and will be sold at the respective times and places mentioned below.
Office.
Present .	_	. e ,
R J Tracey, vice-president and directors
a! Sly, T. C. Elliott, Robt. Sheppard
and Hilliard Beattie.
The minutes of the last meeting read and approved on motion of A. bly and T. C. ElHott.
Motion by R J. Tracey seconded b> Robt. Sheppard that we approve of the sale of six shares new stock to Lyle f. Hodgins. six shares new stock to newton Lewis and the transfer of six shares from C. Hearty to H. I. Hobbs, six shares from R J. Wiggins to Garnet
Wiggins.—Carried	.
The Company having received orders
from the Public Service Board, Quebec
that every conversation on rural lines be
limited to five minutes.
It was moved by R J* Tracey, and A. Sly that our chief operator be notified accordingly.—Carried	,
Mr S. Price, Connecting Company s addressed the meeting for service improvements,
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO. RED’D
s
Tl os. Eades, president,
were
Canada
Province of Quebec District of Pontiac No. 4897
American lan An attorney objected, say
Help win the war
guage
ing that the English language was meant. The clerk produced a yellowed card on which the oath was printed. The word been crossed out and substituted.
SAVE SCRAP
Superior Court
THE CANADIAN FARM LOAN
BOARD, body politic and corporate, by an Act of parliament of Canada amt whose herd office for the Prov.nce of
ssr-	-isass-» s
formerly of Vinton, Pontiac County and now of Norand;., Temiscammgu
<
ha J
English “American
QQaQQaaasnoasaaaanaa^^MfïDDanQnnnnnncDCiEgi

/KM
5
Hodgins Garage
1 did
Then the bailiff spoke up
when the general
x
he said
that.
assembly made ‘American' the of ficial language in 1923." statute was hunted up and t iff s statement verified.


s
Su the
need is to fc do this we

The immediate, pressing
increase our war effort. -must deflect men, money and machine.' from peace-time production to the output of war mateiials. Every man, every dollar and every machine that is not needed to provide the basic necessities ot living must be dedicated to our war
effort.	.	,	...
There is a limit to the productive
There is no
bail
c“r	,»« .i i.»a
and situated in the Township of Litch Held, County of Pontiac, known and designated as lot number thirteen A, ( 13 A Von the seventh range, according
to the official plan and book of reference
„f the said Township of Litchfield. County Pontiac, containing one bund-red acres of land, more or less, together with buildings thereon «ected wd
m «

Buick, Oldsmobile Service
In this connection it is interesting to know that South American school children, asked whether they studied English in their schools, have answered, "Yes, but it is English, net American English."
There are books and dictionaries that note the differences between English as spoken by citizens cf Great Britain and citizens of the United States of America, but there might still be difficulties in requiring anyone to speak only "American" in the courtroom.
Chevrolet
Sales
3
I
J
X
Inspector sometime re construction of cable, etc.
Motion by II. J Tracey and H. Beattie that we tender Mr. Price a vote ot thanks for his assistance to this company—Carried
Motion T. C. Elliott to adjourn.
H. E Elliott, Sec.—Treas.
X

\
A
\
§

i***************^********************** '*********
a
X
capacity of the country limit to the need for war material and money to pay for it. Men, money ami machines can only be made available for work by limitation of civilian consumption. We, as civilians, must be prepared to restrict our expenditures and simplify our mode of living so that these essential “ Four M’s ’ can be re_ leased to drive forward production of
This is a national need
a
a
i
CARS
USED
members and appurtenances
SffiWSU* °*»
for the County of Pontiac, in the village
day C'of ' * S E PT EV1B E r" 1941, at TEN of the clock in the forenoon, ( Standard
Time ).
x
4

war
a


§
lEmerald Isle’ of Ireland
Noted for Green Foliage
Among the islands of the world, Ireland ranks high in public interest. It is not the largest but it is the homeland of the Irish people and that has set it apart in the minds of men.
Ireland is nearly the same size as the State of Maine. It is not much more than one-third as large as the nearby island of Great Brit-
•a
We have, just now, a number of worthwhile bargains in
USED CARS
Inventors Are the Pioneers
America's future lies in the hands of its inventors, Albert G. Burns of Chicago, president of the 10.A., told inventors gathered for their annual convention in Los Angeles, recently
war materials _ that must take precedence over selfinterest, self-indulgence and comfortable living.	.	,
We must learn to live simply and
austerely. We must forego luxuries and all needless expenditures. Oar whole outlook on life and living must be— 44 What can I do, what can I give up to help Canada! ”
DOMINIC SLOAN,
Sheriffs Office	SbenB
Campbell’s Bay, Quebec	1
[First Publication, August 2nd, 1P41 J
"No matter how the war terminates, it is certain to be followed by a profound disturbance in this nation's economic structure," he said "Latin America, if properly developed, will present somethin» of a field for new enterprises, but mainly must seek stabilization of our structure in further de-
Cemetery Donations
y
Dr D. J. Campbell, treasurer of the
"KÆ’alîsrxrôiS
donations : —
Mrs.Geo. F. Horner....
Mrs. J âmes P. Carson ..
Charles Tucker........
Mrs. Horsefield.. ....
Sbawville Women’s Institute J. K. Elliott, Stranraer, Sask
Andrew Sly............
Alf Brownlee..........
Mrs. E H. Armstrong...
Mrs. Chris Caldwell...
Mrs Lena Kelly........
Claude E. Shaw........
Thomas Fades....... •
R. A. Hodgins.........
Mrs.Charlotte Conley..
am
If Ireland had as many people per square mile as Great Britain, it would have a population of more than 16,000,000. As it is, the population is less than 4,500,000.
An old name for Ireland is “Emerald Isle.” This name refers to the fact that the island is extremely rich in plant life, with green grass, shrubs, and trees. An emerald is and so is Ireland. An Irish
THREE MINUTES OF QUIET

we

economic
velopment of the greatest potential market in the world—our own internal United States.
"Inventors, creating new markets with their new wares, will be the pioneers of this development."
One of the oddities displayed was child sized chair which by a few simple twists can be converted into go-cart, a jumper, a walker or a high-chair.
Here is a money-making idea offered without charge to the manufacturers of those iron voiced nickel-in the slot phonographs now common in restaurants. Among the record selections leave number blank for those who would gladly pay five cents for three minutes of
quiet
1 00
2 00
If you need a car it will pay you to
look these over.
2 00
one
2 00
25 00
5 00
2 00
a
green,
poet, Dr. William Drennan, is believed to have been the first to use the term “Emerald Isle,” when he composed a poem about a century and a half ago.
Other names for Ireland are “Erin” and “Eire.” They are two forms of the same name.
“Eire” is pronounced "Aireh.” It is used as an official name for the part of Ireland formerly known as the Irish Free State. It includes all of Ireland except six counties in the north.
2 00
3 00 3 00
a
News and Information For the
Busy Farmer
Burn Weed Seeds After Threshing
Immediately after threshing operations have been completed, all refuse containing weed seeds should be placed in tightly woven sacks and disposed of in such a way as will destroy the germinating power of all seed. This may be accomplished by rotting, or burning A hole may be dug in the ground and all At the start of the European war, refuse buried deeply or a pit may be Eire declared herself “neutral, dug with a board enclosure around it. Northern Ireland, on the other Weed seeds may be dumped into this hand, stood by Great Britain from pit which shoeld be covered with the outbreak of warfare. The peo-chicken wire or screen to prevent birds pie were firmly for the British in from gaining entrance. These seeds their fight against Hitler, will be thoroughly soaked by fall rains and the heating and rutting process wil1 destroy all weed seeds.
An open fire is not recommended as it is dangerous to property. Certain weeds euch as ragweed and mustard will burn slowly a*d the weeds may be scattered over a wide area.
A home made incinerator may be constructed by removing the top from an old oil drum and providing a draught •door and grate at the bottom. Waste oil poured on the weed seeds and light bulky refuse w:ll permit air to enter and help the burning process.
The person who is careless about the disposal of weed seeds is his own worst enemy and a menace to the/entire community.
J. L, HOTXilNS
2 00
-
4 00
Alimony a Racket
Alimony has become quite a rack-
1	00 et, according to a psychologist, because of the combination of antiquated laws, shyster lawyers and neurotic women. Divorced women who jail their husbands, do it partly for
2	00 spite, but most of them do it be-2 00 cause they are psychopathies, ac-2 00 cording to a recent investigation.
One ex-wife had a private fortune 2 00 0f $200,000 and still jailed her hus-2 00 band for failure to pay her $60 a 2 00 week. Another divorced woman had 2 00 her husband jailed because he 1 00 failed to pay her $50 a week al-48 02 though he was making but $45 a week
5 00
Phone 64-J.
00
///////
\T MEMORIAL 8ERVICR
UKCKIVKl)
%
CEMETERY MEMORIALS
Mrs. Mervin Etdea
Anonymous............
Alf. Armstrong.......
VV. H. Corrigan......
Fred Thomas..........
Mrs. Garnet Richardson Mrs J. D Hodgins.
Miss Irene Shaw .....
Mrs. Reg. Hudgins....
Collection...........

2 oo
We have received a shipment of granite and n.aible memorials before prices increased and result we can offer these to the public at
the old prices.
as
This psychologist blames crooked lawyers for this dilemma, stating that divorced women are persuaded to jail their husbands by these
crooks
Cinerarias Solve Shade Problem
Color in the shade, especially under trees often gives the home gardener worry
unique bright shades really
solve the problem.
Seeds of cinerarias may be sown or you may obtain plants from nurserymen.
Sow the seed in flats or boxes, preferably in soil containing leaf-mold and sand. At any rate it should be on the sandy side. Keep the boxes in the shade and when plants have several leaves transplant them to pots or other boxes until ready to put in the garden.
They like a rich, light soil, fertilized with manure. Peet moss or leafmold in the soil is beneficial.
Cinerarias* color range is wide, many having two shades on one flower. They come in both dwarf and tall types, the former used mainly for bedding, the latter also for cut flowers. They are excellent as potted plants.
Mr. Jonn R. McDowell, treasurer of Maple Giove Cemetery, acknowledges the following contributions
Mrs. John Judd .....
A. W. Myers, Montreal
Mrs. J T Dale.......
Norman Smith.	....
Mrs. Reggie Hodgins.
Phone, 278
Cinerarias, in their

82 00
own
5 00
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
1 00
Wood and Wood
Maybe you’ve always thought that wood is, after all, just wood—so long as it burns, but your dealer has anywhere from 10 to 20 kinds of wood in his yard and each log has its own characteristics. Here are a few of them.
Ironwood ; hard as iron, heavy as lead, burns hotter than coal, burns very slowly and completely leaving few ashes. Desert Juniper; peculiar to Southwest, it is one of the few hard, long burning fire-place woods. Olive Root; used mainly for heat and popular for its economy. Gives much heat as coal but is awkward to handle because it is bulky
1 00
now
1 00
COMMENT
1
CARD OF THANKS
CHANCE URGED IN GAS REGULATIONS
Carletoo Place Canadian—We have it good authority that it is next to possible for outside people to find a parking place on any of the Ottawa Streets in the vicinity of a government building, the space being taken up with of civil servants. And yet tin-
fact almost com
on
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Corrigan and family desire to thank their neighbours and friends for their many acts of kindness during their recent bereavement.
mi
In view of the expensive campaign by Canada to attract United States tourists in 1941, including personal efforts by Prime Minister King and others, it is held in some circles in the capital that it would be a wise move to relax the restrictions on oil and gasoline for these visitors, especially the ban on Sunday and overnight buying
<
Crate Fed Poultry Most Profitable
cars
government urges, in manda us to cut down on the use ot
* T» T Jong past the time when the government and its employees should and chunky. Oik; mam advantage nraotice some of the economy urged on af oak is that it can stand for years
the people.	*nd lose nane of ,ts w2l&hl’ and
An investigation by the Poultry Division, Experimental Farms Service, Dominion Department of Agriculture, into the efficiency and costs of produc- tion of market i>oultry of the roaster . class by three methods, namely, crate l 'altening. caponizing and killing off
Buy War Saving-Certificates
as

»
###PAGE###5###
3H®MWJM/IfMfI1ÎMrrMOTITTrrrMr. ^TTrXTTTTXlMr»rxrirlrl,M VE
iS
ilJ'Æ VANITY
i
©
PBFSrXTS
1
AUGUST
SPECIALS
n
S

v
>
?
È
#* ?
Whether he’s six or sixteen bring him to
FRASER’S and be ready for
c-
s
B
T * ^

'C-: -4

* 4


^ AND DOUSlE vWtM n<5 CLOSET HEATED 6Y , CONCEALED FLUE I
A

ywzzs1

J


Table Cloths
tOOK’ TlMld â*e C0NDIM1NT
Ihakm


School Days!

4L»
* m-
Fancy Floral Design Table Cloths
size 50 x 50,
Cheerful Table Oilcloths to brighten your kitchen
Smart new patterns—Best quality
45 inch 35 cents ;
m*ct«M*!


?

$1.25 to $1.49

AMO HEAPS 0* «Of WATER! $ SALLOW lEMOVAME RESCftr VO Ï WITH TIP-. DOWN FAUCET-. WAX NOT RUST!

Boys’ 3 piece Tweed Suits !
Sturdy tweeds. Single double • breasted sport coat with one long and one short pants. Sizes 29 to 33 at
Students’ 2 Pant Worsted Suits !
\v

3

0
mOStATIS - WOOD <X tOAl• WITH END LINING IN ALL MOOSLSj
i
Now worsteds and tweeds. Smartly tailored double breast coat, vest with two long trousers. Sizes 32 to 37 at ......................
!
i
54 inch 45 cents

or
•>

MIM STEEL
NO MORE &URNT HANOI ! ALL
WllOtO AND
•*>teo-
IISSSSol
. HANDLE S TOUCH COOLBAM-njre AMO CHROMIUM! CHROMIUM OVEN THCHMOMCTER.
Tool
$12.95
Yarn
$19.95
Here's Renfrew's newest range- produced co^iateness so long exclusive to city kitchens, to prove that the farm kitchen can be A variety of models . . . with or without modem a* well as efficient. Here's beauty reservoir . . . high closet or shelf . two _ . . grace . . . cleanliness . .. plus details of finishes . . two-tone, highlighted all-porce-construction that make your cooking easier, lain ivory enamel. ..or ivory enamel panels
r™ and * ‘onJring^qua 1 HrSTof" th^Renfrew The Vanity . . . like all Renfrew product» Arom and Cook-Rite are built into the new ... is brought to you by the Renfrew man Vanity. . with the added thrill of an up- in your neighborhood.

Dunkirk 4-ply Yarn will make warm, soft garments, prepared especially for military use, in sweaters,
Four oz ball, 65c
BOYS’ WINDBREAKERS
Sharkskin and English sailcloth. Zipper front _
Sizes 28 to 34, at
socks* mitts, scarfs, etc
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY, LIMITED
innfMLC#, ONT.
$2.95
$1.85
REGINA, SA-SK
Scotch Fingering Yarn, 4 ply
Canadian Wheeling Yarn, 2 and 3 ply, all colors’
per pound. $1.55
ST. JOHNS, P.Q.
SUSSEX, N.B.
AU«0 MANUFACTURERS OF ACORN, COOK RITE AND ROYAL RANGES* # CREAM SEPARATORS, WASHING MACHINES, TRUCK SCALES
Boys’ Sweaters Boys’ Bicycle Longs
All wool tweeds with reinforced double seat. Sizes 20 to 30
9
»
LEO R. KEON
New Fall shades. Wool and and mix quality. Zipper neck. Sizes 24 to 34, at ............
at
DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE
McKee - Quebec
$2.95
$1.00
Preserving Season is at its Height
{olofhinÿ and •haberdashery fdt men and boys
Fruits and Vegetables
a i
Buy War Certificates
Regularly

in this line makes it possible
a
Our large turnover in for us to guarantee quality and lowest prices.
fresh daily.
a
a
a
a
Drop in and see our selection

N P. Horner’s old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE.
,
Gages,
Pears, Plums,
Peaches,
Cucumbers, Tomatoes, Peppers, Celeiy
Onions, etc.
5E525cS25?52525c5E5252^r5c5d5E5üdiidhd
Ei
Vagaries of Style Never
Effect Old Silverware
yiyiyiyiyiyiyiyiyiyiyi/|yiyiyi/i/'/'/'<
2Qi
ytÿ|yiyt/ixlyiy|ytyi/iyi
aononam
'SSQ
tyiyryryryrytyty
Cauliflower,
ÈI Wilson’s Garage
The Hodgins Lumber Go.
Silver is easy to buy because of the marking which is stamped on every genuine piece of silver plate, the term for solid silver. These marks or punches carry documentary evidence of its place of manufacture, its quality, the date and name of the maker. This system of marking has been in effect in England since 1300, when the Goldsmiths’ guild was first established to protect the public against fraud by stamping with a steel punch all gold and silver plate.
Before a piece of silver is offered for sale by a silversmith it must be assayed by the Wardens’ guild. If the quality is satisfactory it is stamped with the symbol of the towri where assayed. In London this is the leopard’s head. Other assay offices were established toward the end of the Fourteenth century at Edinburgh of which the mark is a thistle. The anchor stands for Birmingham and the crown for Sheffield. In addition to the mark of quality there must be the initials or
Fruit Jars and Supplies
Th3 Sams Reliable Service
$1.10 per doz
1.25	“ “
1.75
Small Screw Top Jars.. Medium Large
Dodge aai De Soto Sales and Service
it
il
Just Received
It
K
« (
II
It
11
m
9
Ford Service
Metnba Seals,
I*
Zinc Rings,
Rubber Rings,
m
Parowax, etc,
Glass Tops,
Car Load of Eastern
Shall Sealed Gas & Oils
9
*!
J.P. Wilson
Cedar Shingles
Sugar, Spices and Vinegar
Sugar is an excellent investment.” and be assured of your requirements.
We have a sufficient stock of spices at last year’s
prices to fill your requirements.
look them over,
The success of your pickling depends
quality of your vinegar.
XXX Vinegar and Heintz White Cider.
Main Street Shawville Quebec
Phone 40
Buy row
• •
THREE GRADES
Phone 27
Come in and
THE HODCIHS LUMBER COMPANY
Borrowed Time Club
A strange organization entitled private mark of the maker.
The quality, the place of manufacture being given, the next mark add-
k Beginning in
mo	Not one has reached I 1660, on May 30 of each year,
the obituary colut in since the start new punch was, and still is, made
for the 12 months following. Every
They are a non? ectarian, self-gov- piece of silver assayed bears one erning and self-st pporting group "..............-
the
on
“Borrowed TimersM exists in Ellen burg, Wash. Eve: y one of its members has been marked for death by | ed is a date letter.
his doctor.
Quebec
You can depend on
Shawville,
a
our
of the organizaticn in 1936.
,.......................of letter of the alphabet which tells
young and middle aged people living the date when it was made. In Lon-
^__ g cycle of 20 letters is used,
beginning with A and ending with
..............V, the letter J being omitted. The
membership. One | style of the letter and the shape ;
jf the shield surrounding the letter
is changed with each cycle.*
MacLean’s
beyond the life s; an« predicted for | don a them by their r'lysicians.
As the club g ew, it imposed a
few limitation : i
is that 90 days n ust elapse, after a physician has pr dieted the time of death before a < andidate can become eligible. Ti is is to: “1. Soft-
the blow of a physician’s tragic | Most Vegetables Lose
rS*.'	Vitamin, b, Lon, Stem
a desire to live in the condemned Will cooking “kill vitamins. This
asm
= fiti*2Mb,r.m: -s-fu..,.«h	««.Vi..-
Mmm. wwm.
6 to 12 flowers.	| i@st election. He said: tendency to protect C. But storing
“Teachers will be asked to en foods at room temperature, or boil-courage our children to be polite, re ing, caused high losses. Refngera-snectful and tolerant of all person* tion seemed to conserve a goodly and their opinions. A chaotic stall portion of this essential, while pas-will result and mob rule may de ceurization and irradiation robbed velop if ‘booing’ is not stopped Th milk of 50 per cent of its C content.
foundation of our democracy is to:	Less definite in.for™atl01?.. w*?
erance, and we must practice it » available on vitamin Bl, althougn
The children must fc there are indications that it will
booing,' b withstand a considerable amount of
aoiling, according to the best au-horities.
RED & WHITE STORE
en
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
1 I

70c
Hursley Black Tea, per pound.....
EXTRA SPECIAL
Siftings Green Tea. per pound....
G. M. Tea Bags, per 100 bags ....
Post Cornflakes, 2 large packages
Vanilla, 8-oz bottle.............
Libby s Pork and Beans, 21-oz tin, 2 for
Libby's Tomato Juice, 105 oz. tin.....
Honey, new crop, Smith’s, 4 lb .......
Jewel Jem Jars, quarts, per dozen....
Pints, per dozen....
Kraft Dinner, per package Cheese, new, per pound ..
find
39c
$1.00
.. 23c
17c
• • •
19c
• •
49c
\ FOR VICTORY I
60c
$1.35
$1.20 9
Chess Cure for Worry
Chess as a cure for worry w<v, described by a celebrated Ba?d.<
physician.	.
hamad Zakaria Rhasis wrote i".<« -
than 250 books on medicine and w.. the first doctor to describe sir a pox and me isles accurately I described chess for such me.’a:
idle, and have cr impertinent thought.!
THE CORNER STORE
Mi.
in ancient times
20c
• •
25c
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
all things.
taught to forget Uncrown persons they heard over th radio in the recent election earn
paigns."
Main and Centre Sts.
QUE
: holies as are .ravsgant or •t troubles.
i SHAWVILLE
§tSJSJBWt3SSSt5t3S3t****W
S N V\\\\\
###PAGE###6###
Ing side with the sole object of comforting it, even if hie pel ley in the middle of a whining thoroughfare. Roller skates, too, have always been unpredictable things. They might scoot the best of fellows down an Incline Into a motorists's path. The same thing happened when today’s drivers in knee pants; but, of course, the horse and buggy didn’t carry the same menace as today’s cars.
point is that kids are kids, and the sooner all motorists realize this and make allowances for the eternal truth, the Jnore lives
—Galt Reporter.
VOICE
FOTO NEWS or THE WEEK
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
OF THE
PRESS
1
2



1
SAVE REAL “PANNING”
If Canada can evoke even half enthusiasm of the United In securing aluminum, the
1

»
were
*
the
I
Ae&Sw*
LESSON VIII.
Writer of Hebrews Explains
Hebrews
States _
campaign in this country will be a big success. They have been doing a grand job to the south.
—St. Catharines Standard

«<*x
The
The

the New Covenant
9

1
8:1—10:18.	A 44 _
PRINTED TEXT, Hebrews 9:11*22.
GOLDEN TEXT — Having been made perfect, he became unto
i that obey him the of eternal salvation.—

will be saved
SPEECH TO AN ALLY
Though the Nazi overlords have done their best to keep the down, trodden French population from listening to broadcasts from British countries, there were probably a great many of them who heard the speech delivered by Premier Godbout of Quebec, a few weeks News of It will spread through
IN “HIGH” GEAR
traffic officer asked the miss what gear she was in the time of the accident, and she replied that she had on a blue woollen sports coat, fur cap, gauntlet gloves and tan shoes.
—St. Thomas Times Journal.
—o—
•II them author Heb. 6:9.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time: Apparently the Epistle to the Hebrews was written before fall of Jerusalem, and therefore, possibly, about A.D. 67.
We do not know from
The
i
pretty


at

I
the
i



ago
FIGHTING NAVAL ACTIONS
Naval actions are fought at long Even if there Is a battle
Place.
what place the Epistle waa written, and it	Is	not	necessary	to
know, tor	an	understanding	of
these wonderful chapters.
The purpose of this Epistle v,as to reveal to the Jewish Christian* of that day and then to all Christiana of every age, the Infinite superiority	of	the	Lord J«‘sub
Christ, and to encourage believers to hold fast to their confession. On the one hand this Epistle is a revelation	of	the	meaning	of
Christ's sacrifice for us, and on the other hand, a constant encour* agement to abide faithful In him.
”11. But Christ having come a
1 things to
France.
It was
Si

the sort of speech the people of that country want to Mr. God bout tolr them that we want them as our allies again, and so we do. He realizes, am do we all, that it was not the line French people who collapsed before the German Juggernaut, and It lg not the French people who engaged in the continuous of selling out their coun-Tho real French nation still lives and breathes, its soul free and independent despite physical slavery. It deserves the assurance that Mr. God bout has given, that the people In this Dominion who
as their mother
tongue are grimly determined that
France shall live once more.
—Windsor Dally Star.
*

range.
at short range comparatively few people on any ship get a glimpse of the opposing forces. Even the
the upper deck see
A modern
hear


cSS
guns' crew on very little as a rule battleship is divided both above and below the waterline into a large number of watertight compartments, and at sea in wartime there is no direct communication
them. When a man has
3
&

3
5
'



m,
M


are now process
¦


9

I
a
try
between
reached his station—boiler room, engine room, magazine, ammunition hoist or fire main—he finds himself sealed up In a steel box and there it is his duty to remain until the belay Is sounded, unless he is called away by order of his
superior officer.
—Maclean’s Magazine

8
a
%

I
!
high priest of the g come .through the greater and more perfect tabernacle, not made with hands, that is to say, not by this creation.” The tabernacle hearts the heavens, through which Christ passed, according to his mystical body, and the holy place Is the heaven itself, the especial abode of the Invisible and unapproachable God.
Promise of Intention “12. Nor yet through the blood of goats and calves but through his own blood, entered in once for all Into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption.” .......
No priest in the Old Testament
offered his own
mil
French
own


I

applies
E. R. Stettinius, Jr., Washington; G. C.
m
Two Great Nations
YOU WERE YOUNG, TOO
, point to bear in mind
thinking about safety for

m
Hi
That s a
Henry Ward Beecher, iu a speech at Edinburgh, Scotland, In 18G3, the day Is coming when the
when
kiddles on the streets. If the motorist will only stop to realize It, he will recall how happy-go-lucky he once was In the good old sum-
He used to race madly
said
foundations of the earth will be out of their places; and there are two nations that ought to be found shoulder to shoulder and hand In hand, for the sake of Christianity and universal liberty, and these nations are Great Britain and America.”
Bateman, Toronto
lifted
mertime
to and fro playing some game or other, chasing a ball unthinkingly into the middle of the road, across it. Of if the young lad’s pup hurt while careening about in wild play, he would run to its whimper-
scouting . .
The fact that Christians look for any other sacrifice.
offered
and thus a putting away, ultimate
a
never
and do not offer another sacrifice, testifies to the wonderful peace and freedom and joy and forgive-which they have found in the
ly a cancellation. No sin can ever
, according to God's except through the
was
be put away
During an emergency evacuation from a British coastal town refreshments for the evacuees
were needed at a point halfway
The rail-
called upon the
covenant ever
but the blood of some ant
ordinances blood of Christ. Though Christ died on earth and has gone
blood.
mal, which In Itself could never
sin but could only
ness
sacrifice of Christ on Calvary
once
to Heaven He will some day appear again; once He appeared for eln, that Is, to put away sin. When he appears the second time it will be apart from sin, to judge those who have not received the atonement which Hie holy death freely
take away symbolize the removal of sin. Our Lord, when he offered a sacrifice to God offered hie own blood, by
which offering he purchased for
The
¦'
1
to the reception areas
STATESMAN
China is paying the four loans received from the United States since December, 1938, in shipments of tungsten, tin, antimony, and wood oil.
way company Scouts and Guides of the stop-place, and they readily and
eternal redemption
of the priest had only
while
16	To doze.
17	Pretense.
18	Beret.
20 Mountain pass
Answer to Previous Punie
us an sacrifice
temporary consequences the redemption obtained by Christ has eternal consequences.
“13. For If the blood of goats
and bulls and the ashes of aa heifer sprinkling them that hare been defiled, sanctity unto the cleanness of the flesh. 14. How much more shall the blood of Christ who through the eternal spirit offered himself without bte-mlsh to God, cleanse your conscience from dead works to serre the living God? Tie h\-animal sacrifices and the water of purification sanctify and cleanse the flesh; the blood of Christ cleanses your conscience of dead works to serve the living God “15. And for this cause he Is the mediator of a new covenant, that a death having taken place for the redemption of the transgressions that were under the first covenant, they that have been called may receive the promise of the eternal inheritance.” The first covenant had its sanction in God's
the new covenant
ping
efficiently made the necessary arrangements and fed the travel-
HORIZONTAL
1,6 A former
governor-general of Can-
a -jy(2 tiitio s am sBBisi Hiflnqjga
sflaarewH — mm
BHUIEDffP a SSGilH UMIIGIW MIÏÏ
¦SIS! Balsas ages
W
ers
| This Curious World

21	Reverence.
22	Mug.
23	Dresses hides,
24	Every.
25	Opposed to stoss.
26	He
By William Ferguson
ada
The Rt. Hon. Winston Churchill in his book “Great Contemporar-published in 1939, devotes
to Lord Baden-
9	Metallic rocks.
10	Piccolo.
12	Diamond.
13	Shoe.
14	Veteran.
15	Very reticent person.
16	Chaos,
17	Bard.
18	Pussy.
19	Fish covering.
22 Chief cities.
27	Overawed.
28	To eat.
29	On the lee.
30	Olive tree.
31	Spinning toy.
32	Derby hat
34	Kind of dance
35	Bodies of water.
les
la m
several pages Powell and the Scout Movement. He describes Scouting as “an institution and an inspiration characteristic of the essence of British genius, and uniting in a bond of comradeship the youth not only of the English speaking world, but almost every land and
people under the
Referring to the service dered by Boy Scouts during jhe first Great War he writes Scouts played their part, keen eyes were watchers along the coast, and in the air raids we saw the spectacle of children of 12 and 14 perform-ig with perfect coolness and com-the useful functions as-
the streets

CHALK IS MADE i
OP AM/MALS; J AND BOTH Û ÆOCXS/ i
In
emu
=iriil
Canada from 1921-1926.
28 Anything steeped. VERTICAL 31 Sailor.
32	Bug.
33	Rowing implement
34	Earth.
35	Scrawny animal.
37	Pressing tool.
38	Box sleigh.
39	Skin.

of

36 Lobster claw
40	Maple shrub
41	Malt drink. 43 More conformable to
1	Japanese measure.
2	To impel.
3	Court-leet.
4	Distinctive theory.
5	Peers.
6	Ship’s spar
7	Still.
8	Feather palm. 40 Ozone.
41	To affirm.
42	Italian coin
44	Deity.
45	Monkey.
sun
z,
ren

L
fact
Boy

44	Encircled.
45	Greedy.
46	Heavy blow
47	Verbal.
48	By.
49	His native
Their added to the
O
11 Ship.
14	His title as a peer.
15	College girl
. 15 GROWN AAORE
EXTENSIVELY/ AND
USED MORE WIDELY THAN ANY OTHER.
FOODSTUFF.
;/' \
land
50 His military
posure
s'gned to them in and public offices.
“Many venerable, famous institutions and systems long honoured by men perished in the but the Boy Scout Move-
It survived not but the numbing of the aftermath; while
title
# •
appointment
could not take Its place until the first had met with full satisfaction
for its claims for this but by a death by a blood-w. So the Mediator of tin covenant opens a path to the
life in the
4
2
1
There was no way
COP*. 1931 #Y NCA SERVICE. INC.
II
I
?
Q
[fl
4
shedding
storm rnent survived
13
€
12
14
new
beginning of a new favor and power, of God
.V
zZ
only the war
reactions . so many elements in the life and spirit of the victorious nations seemed to be lost in stupor, it flourished and grew increasingly.
“Its mottoes gather new tional significance as the years unfold upon our island. It speaks
heart its message of
I
15
M
i
Eternal Redemption
“16. For, where a testament is, there must of necessity be the death of him that made it. 17. For a testament Is of force wherethe re hath been death; for it doth never avail while he that made it liveth. 18. Wherefore even the first cove-hath not been dedicated
It is the will of
18
17

ij 24	25 26
22
20 12!
\
SCIENTISTS SAY:
that TREES grow
J&F	MORE DURING YEARS OF
r	ûœAT SUNSPCTTACTIVITY.
AND THEY HAVE TREE RINGS FOR CENTURIES PAST TO PROVE THEIR. ASSERTIONS
na
?
28
27
32 33
31
30
to every duty and honour:	Be preoared
‘to stand up faithfully for Right and Truth, however the winds may blow/ "
• #
nant
wither t blood God that his Jieavenly inheritance should be for his people. Does the devising of this eternal property Insure our possession of It? Before inherit his blessings there the death of Him
55
34

41
2
40
38 39
36 37
s made
¦mrnsmm
45
43
Women in India ‘ preserve potatoes by boiling them lightly, .skinning them, and then letting them dry in the sun. Treated thus, potatoes will keep for twelve months.
we can has to come through whom all these blessings
were promised.
19. For when every commandment has been spoken by Moses unto all the people according to the law, he took the blood rf th** calves and the goats, with water and scarlet wool and hyssop, anil sprinkled both the book itself and all the people, 20, saying, this H the blood of the covenant which God commanded to you ward.
4
47
years
in wet years tion of sunspots and rainfall
46
0
.mrstssahss: îksszs
n —?
s
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—No Back Talk

V\ GO ON f/M NO 5/%JCE
I
x WHAT DO VOU THINK v> VOUR& DOING?
J HOLDING up the \ parapet ?
1

Joy In Sacrifice

the tabernacle
21. Moreover and all the vessels of the ministry be sprinkled In like manner with blood. 22. And according to Lho law, I may almost say, all things cleansed with blood, and apart from shedding of blood there Is
no remission ?d from the objects sprinkled with It all uncleanness sprinkled they were purified and Uius sanctified for God's service. The blood erased to God s eight the uncleanness. "Without shedding of blood Is no remission" Remission means a sending awâf.
e
i
YES
$
f
are
t
The blood remov
/ 1
V
i
{ /
2
Being so
6 22


In
F

###PAGE###7###
1,000 Italians Go To England
EAST AND WEST IN GOLF MATCH

Modem
Etiquette
Dixie is economical you cut it as you use it -
There’s no waste.




t

Italians From African Prls-
Camps Sailed From Can-
English
*
À

i

i
on

i
BY ROBERTA LEE
ada to Work on
* *
1
i
*
Farms

S

1.	If a girl does not wish to dance with someone of her acquaintance Is it permissible to refuse?
2.	Is It permissible to use a handkerchief while at the table during a meal?
3.	What is the most essential thing for a man to appear well-dressed?
4.	Should one leave at once when vhiting a friend in a hospital and another visitor enters?
5.	Is it necessary to notify the hotel office in advance of one’s intended departure?
6.	If one is too busy to talk over the telephone is it all right
to ask to be excused and say that you will call up later?
ANSWERS
1.	Yes if she has some good reason, but she must make some polite excuse and not dance with anyone else during that dance.
2.	It may be used If absolutely necessary; but if possible, try to avoid it.
3.	No tailor can make a man appear well-dressed if he is not well-groomed. See that the hair, skin and hands are well cared for, fchoes polished, linen immaculate, and the suit well-pressed.
4.	Yes, leave at once when another visitor or the doctor enters.
6. Yes, and orders to the porter concerning the luggage and taxi should be made in plenty of time to avoid confusion at the laet minute.
6. Yes, or ask the person to call again at a specified time.
H

One thousand Italian prisoners and seven officers sailed for Britain in the convoy which took the Canadian 3rd Division across the
â


!
m
Atlantic.
They came originally from African prison camps where they volunteered to go to England to work on farms. Their own medical officers accompanied them.
“Some are just youngsters out of school.” British Tommies who guarded them said. "They say they had only a month and a half of training before being sent to Libya to oppose our desert fighters.”
“They’re no trouble to guard. In fact you’d have a job to persuade of them to leave. They're
m
m
<

I

¦X
*
1
4
t
PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO

s


JM

H

'f
Preparations are now being made to develop the new factory's products for the United States, the Dominions, Crown colonies and several neutral countries.
type has a nutritive value equal to the best meat, and the plant type equal to rye flour.
It would be possible, says Professor Hardy, to harvest the plankton economically in the lochs on the coasts of Scotland.
i.m

w
some
better off now than they've been for a long time, and as happy as any exile can be.”
While at sea the seven officers permitted the liberty of the
Religious Habits
Old and Modern
were
ship. One of them, according to the British officer commanding troops, declared he would never go to war for Mussolini again under any circumstances.
STAINLESS STEEL
The discovery that stainless steel can be made twice as easy to machine (cut, bore and saw) by the addition of a little of the metallic element bismuth has been announced by the Batelle Memorial Institute of Columbus, O. By this new process it is estimated that machining costs in defense manufacture can be cut by one quarter.


In an address broadcast from
Stt Martin-in-the-Fields in London, England, the Rev. Eric Love-day suggested that many of our habits in religious thinking .and worship are summed up in the words of an old Scotsman who maid: “When I was a young man we gathered on the hillsides in all weathers, and standing there bareheaded sang “Praise God from whom all blessings flow.' Now I am a member of the most popular chaireh in my city, where the pews are so comfortable that you could sleep in them, and we sing •Art thou weary, art thou languid, art thou sore distressed?’ ”
Jules Huot, Quebec City, and Stanley Horne, Montreal, are two of eastern Canada’s outstanding pros, but western opponents were rough with them in east-west exhibitions :	_
and plentifully-trapped Banff Springs Hotel course defied their best efforts to bust par and Huot went one over perfect figures, 72, while Horne was 73. Jack Cuthbcrt, Calgary’s veteran pro, was out in 84 and was even par up to the 17th. Cuthbcrt and Huot combined to beat Horne and Wilder H. Ripley, outstanding Calgary amateur, 4 and 8 in the Banff exhibition. In above group, photographed at Banff Springs golf course arc, left to right: Cuthbcrt, Ripley, Huot and Horne. *
for war charities. The long
How Cnn I?
BY ANNE ASHLEY

Q How can I launder quilts? A. Make a generous lather with pure soap and a little washing soda and ammonia In enough moderately hot water to cover the quilt, and soak the quilt for half an hour. Press the dirt out with a wooden potato masher or a croquet mallet, wring, ner.
and shake often, dry, beat lightly with a rattan carpet beater to lighten the filling. Repeat several times.
Q. How can I raise the nap of a rug that has become flattened from heavy articles of furniture?
A. Dampen a chamois, fold it several times, and place it over the mark. After the chamois has been there for several hours, the mark will, have disappeared.
Q. How can I rid my house of spiders?
A. Saturate some cotton or cloth with pennyroyal and place it in the Infested places to rid the house of spiders.
Q. How can I make a good substitute for maple syrup?
A. If the peelings of pears, or peaches, are covered with water, sweetened to taste, and boiled until about the consistency of syrup, ft will make an excellent substitute for maple syrup, and Is not expensive.
Q. How can I cause rag rugs and carpets to keep in better condition?
A. After the rag rugs and carpets have been washed, they should
be dipped into a heavy starch. The rug will remain clean much longer and keep in better position on the floor.
New Industry From Belgium
A sugar-planter in Hawaii took a friend from the States to the edge of a volcano.
“That crater is 70,004 years old,” he explained.
“How do you get the exact age?” asked the newcomer, can
how do you calculate the four?”
“Well, I’ve been here in the islands for four years, and the crater was 70,000 years old when I arrived.”
.HAVE -YOU HEARD?
Antwerp Factory, With Key Men, Brought to Engls-nd Before Nazi Invasion of Belgium
Do not rub or
What Science Is Doing
Rinse in the same man-Hang on the line to drip,
When partly
“I
understand the 70,000, but
Another new and valuable industry has come to England with the Belgians. Antwerp used to send across the Channel instruments, prepared by a patent pro-from crushed diamonds, for
CREAM
Mrs. Woop had died, and Dad wanted to put up some sort of memorial to her. A stained-glass window in the local church being suggested, Dad agreed, and left all arrangements in the hands of the minister.
At length the window arrived, and was fitted into position. Dad, In an unusually excited frame of mind, set out to view it.
The minister escorted the old chap into the church and, with a
indicated the window,
0
Butter markets are up — Cream prices are higher —
Cash in on these better markets. There is no better place to ship cream than here.
MACFEETERS CREAMERY
TORONTO
PLANKTON AS WAR-TIME
FOOD
The food source on which all sea-life depends is plankton, tiny plants and animals which float In countless numbers In the ocean waters and are more plentiful In polar than In tropical waters. Plankton Is the main food of whales, which obtain sufficient quantities by straining sea water through their teeth. The smallest of fish also eat plankton.
À proposal to harvest plankton and use it as food for persons and livestock as a war-time measure has been advanced by Professor A. C. Hardy, F. R. S., of University College, Hull, England. Plankton, he points out, consists of 19 per cent protein, 7 per cent tat, 20 per cent carbohydrates, 6 cent of a shell-like material, and a small quantity of ash. The animal type contains 15 to 20 per cent of oil. He says the animal
cess
making tungsten carbide tool tips, optical glass and porcelain articles, and these were important in the war effort, too. A new development is the making of dental instruments almost entirely controlled by Germany up to the
o
“Your trousers look very creased this morning.”
“Yes, 1 left them lying on the floor all night.”
“Why didn't you hang them up?”
“Because 1 was in 'em.”

I
war.
flourish, which depicted an angel.
“How do you like it?” said he. Dad gazed at it thoughtfully. “No good,” he grunted.
“Why, what’s your objection?” “It ain’t a bit like the old
Just before the Nazis overran the Low Countries the Antwerp factory was brought to England with its key men. These diamond craftsmen of Belgium have settled down in complete friendliness with their^English fellow workers, and the output of their new factory has had to be multiplied many times. Much of the work, such as diamond sorting, crushing, grading and perfection can be done by men partly incapacitated by war injuries.
Canadian National Railways Revenues
x\Z
»/
The gross earnings for the all-inclusive Canadian National Railways for the ten-day period July 31, 1941 were $8,849,262 as compared with $7,267,327 for the same period of 1940, an increase of $1,581,935 or 21.8%.
¦r sUSJl
ér
woman.”
—o—
Englishman: Do you know that the USA. is sending thousands of tons of munitions to Germany?
American: That can’t be.
Englishman:	It's true —
but they’re getting the RAF. to deliver them.

per
Russian Railway
Double Tracked
...CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
O
One Russian life-line that has been brought up to date is the Trans-Siberian Railway, the great east-to-west artery. It has double tracks in excellent condition the whole way to Vladivostok, with large sidings in many places. It can carry vast quantities of materials from the coal and industrial areas in the Urals right up to Moscow and beyond. The railway from Baku and the Ukrainian wheat belt is also first-rate.
Mother wanted to upend Saturday in town, and father, an accountant, reluctantly agreed to give up hia golf and spend the afternoon with the children. On the return of mother, the father banded her the following report of the afternoon:—
“Dried tears—9 times.
•hoes—18 times, purchased—3 per child, age life of a balloon—13 seconds. Cautioned children not to cross street—21 times. Children crossed street—21 times. Number of Saturdays I will do this again — 0.”
• • a
SAW MILL
FUR FARMING
AEROMATIC METER
GOOD SAW MILL FOR SALE cheap. Capacity 10 to 16M daily. David B. Ritchie, Parry Sound, Ontario.	___________
Change of Diet
For Jasper Beaver
NORTHERN BEAUTIES. CHOICE, Large, Dark, Silky, Heavily Furred, Pedigreed Kitts. Ramona Mink Ranch. Markstay, Ont ________
AEROMATIC METER FOR AUTO-moblle, Truck. Tractor, Bus and Marine Engines. More Power! Stops Carbon! 25% More Mileage. Airmail for quick information! Agents, write for territory. Dept S, Box 163, Vancouver. Canada.
LEGAL
RHEUMATIC PAINS
Tied
Game wardens are following with much interest the work of the various Beaver colonies in Jasper National Park. In many established localities these busy animals have depleted their supply of natural food of poplar. Strangely, the animals have turned to the spruce trees and are making quite a cleanup. In the Jaques Lake area they have made heavy inroads into the apiMce groves. Around the shore of Lac Beauvert, in front of Jasper Park Lodge, the four-footed woodsmen have felled even some of the larger trees. Strange food for those who have so long lived on the poplar.
Toy balloons Aver-
PROVEN REMEDY — EVERY SUFferer of Rheumatic Paine or Neuritis should try Dixon s Remedy. Munro's Drug Stove. 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
J. N. LINDSAY. LAW OFFICE. CAP-ltol Theatre Building, St. Thomas, Ontario. Special Department for farmers collections.	_______
AGENTS WANTED
ANKER-HOLTH CREAM SEPÀR-stors and parts stock moved from Sarnia to London. Order from John C. Dent. 387 Central Ave., Lyndon. Canadian Distributor Supervisors and Agents^ wan^di__
animal pet stock wanted
LEAF TOBACCO
Business As Usual
SALESMEN WANTED
FOUR POUNDS BURLEY AND V1R-ginia Leaf for pipe $1.35. Five pounds Fragrant Virginia Leaf Cigarette Tobacco $2.60 postpaid. Natural Leaf Tobacco Co., Leamington. Ontario.
AGGRESSIVE SALESMEN TO SELL of Canada’s most outstanding
one __
lines of made-to-measure clothes. Allotments of being made for Fall. Complete outfit will be supplied to men who can produce results. Give complete details and write today to:	Jack London, Value-first
Clothes, 400 Atlantic Ave., Montreal.
German firms in Shanghai, lost $60,000,000 in war materials en route through Russia to Germany, when the Russo-German war broke out. On a quest for new customers, it was said, one German concern has sold 30,000 pairs of military boots, ordered by the Nazis, to Russia.
territories now
—o—
“Doe# the sergeant know about this 7" asked the colonel as he surveyed a barricade of sandbags that had just collapsed.
“Yes, sir,” replied a private, “he's underneath."
WANTED — TAMED, UNINJURED young wild animals and birds.— ' John Wood. 2722 Yonge Street, Toronto.	__________
MEDICAL
DON'T DELAY! EVERY SUFFERer of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Munro's Drug Store, 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00._________
BABY CHICK REMEDY
YOUR POULTRY Solution. Prevent
SAFEGUARD with Chic ko white diarrhea in baby chicks, for Blackhead disease and removing cecal worms from your poultry. Postpaid, 50c. A. G. Cowtun and Co.. Chemists and Druggists. Roblin. Man.
SALESWOMEN WANTED
PROFITABLE OPPORTUNITY FOR women supplying demand Familex Flavorings. Foods, Spices, Household Remedies, Toilet Articles, etc. On market over 13 years. Write immediately for territory and wholesale proposition. Attractive catalogue Free. Miss G. St. George, 570 St. Clement, Montreal.
“LARJA” PRINTS - 25c
8
for
ANY SIZE ROLL DEVELOPED and eight double size prints for only 25c. Reprints 3c each. Special bargains In Enlarging, Colouring etc. All work guaranteed highest quality. Baker Print Co.. Box 1, Hamilton. Ont._________
LUNCH HOUR IN HURRICANE PLANT
BRAY FALL SERVICE BULLETIN soon off the press. If you don t get your copy, be sure to write. Orders for fall chicks being taken now. And we've a few ready-to-lay pullets left. Bra> Hatchery, 130 John N., Hamilton, Ont.
Hi

1





SCALP TROUBLE CORRECTED NEW HAIR PRODUCED

PRESERVING LABELS
z
x'
%

ATTENTION HOUSE WIVES—Know your Preserves and Pickles. 100 Assorted Labels 10c, 600 Labels 25c postpaid. Lewis Printing, Station H, Toronto, Canada.
%
business opportunity
SELL OR TRADE. ONLY HOTEL In good town near large military camp. Govd repair. Twenty bedrooms. Hugh McKenzie MeCallum. Truro. Nova Scotia.
v
%
Neighborhood treatment produced such remarkable results that thousands were soon using it across United States, the news spreading entirely by word of mouth and letters. In Toronto dandruff, falling hair, severe scalp trouble has been eradicated, new hair produced. Write for free advice and evidence. Agents wanted. Woods Products, Dept. B| 387 Jane. Toronto. ______________
£
%
*

i.'
6; l
NONE FINER MADE
i
i


PORTABLE SILOS

FREE GIFT OFFER LADY’S OR GENT’S WATCH, CAM era. Clock, etc., given for selling Dr. Lyon's Shampoo in your district. Write now, Normand Products. 141 li5 Peel Street, Montreal.
Itch Fait -wNoMylM
Fut quick relief from itching of M-ma, pimples, elh-
^Scratching
"PAY FOR THEMSELVES THE first year In many cases through Increased milk production, and healthier cattle by feeding ensil-instead KEENAN’S
will keep ensilage perfectly and last Indefinitely. The cost Is small, and they can be easily erected In a few hours on any level ground. Made In 10, 12. 14. and 16 foot • diameters holding up to 38 tons. Approved by all dairy authorities. For full Information and prices, ¦ write the KEENAN FENCE COMpany, Owen Sound, Ontario."
.
%
\k
¦


\
u
of corn fodder. PORTABLE SILOS
age
-X

w
r

QUILTING
HOUSEWIVES!
ri %
seplic, liquid D. U. D. Preemption. Grouse lees, •tunless. Soptbes irritation and quickly etoue intense Itching. 35c trial bottle proves it. or ninnev hack. Ask your dm «gist todsv for I) !> D PH FSCRIPTION.
\s
QUILTING PATCHES. GOOD QUAL-lty prints and plain broadcloths —20c lb. Postage extra. Consult your Postmaster about rates. Textile Jobbers. Maud Street, Toronto.	_____________
CANNING OF
FOR MODERN
fruits and vegetables and preventing from spoiling. 2 pack ug postpaid 25c. Western Canning Compound Co. Box 2101 Winnipeg. Manitoba. _________
x
m
4
Nervous Restless
mu
SNAPSHOTS TO-DAY TREASURES TO-MORROW
HOOF TRIMMERS___________
HOOF TRIMMERS] SO INCHES, satisfaction guaranteed. $3.26 delivered. Matt Wolowidryk, Venn. Bask.	_______________

Eight 4x6 Enlargements
Girls!
Cranky? Restless? Can’t sleep? Tire easily? Annoyed by female functional disorders and monthly distress? Then tak a Lydia I. Pinkbam's Vegetable Compound, famous for over 60 years In helping such rundown, weak, nervous conditions. Made especially /or women. WELL WORTH TRYING!
Your films are carefully and scientifically processed by Imperial, to make sure they last.
6 or 8 EXPOSURE FILMS 2f»e
with beautiful enlargement free. 8 reprints with enlargement 26o. Thousands of letters from satisfied customer s testify to our superior quality and service.
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE Dept. D, Station J. Toronto.
I
&. *

30c

1
Tear film developed sad each priât •Blarged to 4 x «. 80c. Reprints, else, 8 for 30c.
DIRECT FILM SERVICE
Unit 7
FOR SALE_______________
IRISES, LIU ES. PEONIES. TULIPS. Daffodils. Narcissi, Rockery and Perennial Plants. Numerous Varieties and Colors — Sensational New Introductions. Our descriptive Autumn circulars are again ready. Copies mailed on request. James* Seeds, Lindsay, Ontario.
Wmw
m
jBtlSeSSliSlISSl
Tvroele
183 Klas East.
ISSUE 34— 41
###PAGE###8###
Look Here
GO 50 50 WITH OUR FIGHTING FORCES
Five Simple Rules for
Making Good Pictures
Anyone from a 12 year old schoolboy to an octogenarian can make good negatives, reports Hillary G Bailey, F.R.P.S., in Popular Photography magazine. It is just a matter of following the rules laid down for developing procedure.
FIRST — Read the instructions which the manufacturer supplies with each package. These instructions describe proper manipulation for that particular type of film.
SECOND—Use reasonably fresh developer. Keep track of age and deterioration rate of your solutions. Stay on the conservative side in favor of freshness. Chemicals are
condition
o°°
ESTABLISHED 1883
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost, etc.

ft
COACH
INVALID
GEORG-S HYNES & SON

FOR SALJ5-A littre of young pigs
Shaw ville
Apply to Bebt Hodoins Phone 26-17
\

t !
ROOMS—Rooms for school children m odern conveniences.
Henry Dale. Shaw ville
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
Apply to Mrs
I
WANTED—Girl for general house-
Sleep in. Apply to Mrs. John Duhamel, 100 Cameron St. Ottawa. Telephone 4—5528
work, no c hildren
Phone 80
r
FOR SALE—Ninety cords of 20 inc h hardwood; split, maple birch and beach, Apply to Earl Bretzlaff. Schwartz. Phone Shaw' ville 28-30
7

Qk
VVNAVV
**%%*
cheaper than films.
THIRD—Be fussy about using a thermometer. All solutions should be kept as near as possible to a temperature of G5 degrees Fahrenheit.
/
z
BONNIESHADE FARM
z
FOR PENT—The Elliott Pump Factory at Starks Corners with all equipment for manufacturing pumps and tile Apply to Roy Elm OTT Phone 45— 29 R 2 Shawville
Z
/
z
/
Ta
Z
FOURTH—-Use a clock to time development. Too short development reduces contrast, and too long increases it.
FIFTH—Standardize on a method of agitation. The average worker does this in tray developing by keeping the solution moving with a non-directional rocking motion with tank development, it is easy to shake or jiggle the tank three times during development on one occasion, and on the next, shake it six times. The result is that the contrast and density of the negative agitated six times is greater than the one agitated three tiqr.es. If consistent results are expected, this factor absolutely must be standardized.
HIGH CLASS
Z
WANTED—General cook for private home. Apply to Mrs. Steei.e. 29*2 Nelson Street Ottawa* Phone 4—('606
/
z
z
•z
AYRSHIRE CATTLE
z
%
z
z
ROOMERS WANT ED-Three rooms to rent rates
Street Shaw ville
-z
z
/
Suitable for school pupils Easy Apply to Mrs R A Dai.k King
Z
z
Blood Tested
SPRINCBURN GOLDEN WONDER, Class A A
Fully Accredited
But

TO RENT—The home of the late Malcolm LeRoy on Calumet Island, about 50 acres Well watered and fenced and buildings in fair condition Apply to Mrs Amy Pitt. Calumet Island, Quebec or H C Rowat, Shawville.
/
Herd Sire

A
(

Our production records include ;
Bonnie Peggy, with over 130,000 lbs milk ; over
5,000 lbs fat.
Call and seethe new streamlined Gilson washers ( gosolene and electric ) at Clifford Cones. Centre Street Shawville.
Give yourself and your service station man a break. Let him check up your car and put it in shape to save gasoline. It gives him needed work and helps you keep your 50/50 Pledge. Every gallon counts; see that not a drop is wasted; our Fighting Forces need all the gasoline they can get
REMEMBER :
The slower you drive, the more you save!
ROOMERS WANTED- 2 rooms suit able for school children. Apply to Mrs Norris Angus, Main Street, East, Shaw ville
12*2,000 lbs
Bonnieshade Silver Rena with over
over 5,000 lbs fat
milk
Deaf Persons Learn to Hear Through Toes, Teeth
Through your tees, your teeth, or even your funny bone, you can learn to hear.
And a score of men and women afflicted with deafness had proved it at the University of Southern California, where they were “guests” at the nation’s first class in rehabilitation of the hard of hearing.
Under the direction of Dr. B. V. Morkovin, noted psychologist and scientist, they learned to use a scientific mechanism known as the Phipps unit, which transmits sounds on the principle of bone induction.
“Through development of the other senses we teach the various methods by which the deaf can adjust themselves to their condition and be compensated for their weak hearing,M said Dr. Morkovin, inventor of the technique of using motion pictures to aid in teaching lip reading.
As an expert on hearing, the professor noted that 50 per cent of the soldier and civilian casualties in bomb-tom cities suffer either total or partial loss of hearing from the shattering concussion.
“That’s why our work even has its national defense side,” he explained. “Should a similar situation come to pass here, we would be able to alleviate suffering by teaching the war deaf literally to feel in their mouths what others say to them— even though they cannot hear.”
WANTED—Boarders and roomers. Apply to Mrs. Harold Judd, Shawville
OUR WINNINGS
At Shawville Fair 1940 ( the year of the largest
Herd, First Prize Special Dairy Herd, Best Milk Cow
Best Exhibit of Cattle-any breed.
See us about a young Herd Sire at once You will find type, plus production, here
S/ttvu- tfvtV Stunt t/ewi
Gvuc&te fiot. VICTORY !
Cattle
Grand
WANTED--Roomers, modern con veniences. Apply to Mrs, Henry Dale Shawville.
ROOMS TO RENT-Two large comfort able furnished rooms on Main Street Shawville. Apply to G. A Howard
any breed
Boiling Water Best for
Preparing Cup of Tea
There’s nothing mysterious about making good tea. The rules are simple and easy. Disregard those dire warnings about brewing your tea an exact number of minutes. Experiment and brew it to your own taste. But don't forget to use boiling water! Locked inside those curled up black leaves are the valuable oils and enzymes that produce the flavor, body, aroma and color in your tea cup. Boiling water will release them—hot water will not!
Now for a few simple direction» for preparing a good cup of tea.
1.	Use a good teapot: Earthenware, china or glass—not metal.
2.	Scald the teapot.
3.	Take your Formosa Oolong, your English Breakfast or your Ceylon blend and measure it carefully into the pot; one teaspoon for each cup to be brewed.
4.	Get your water boiling, not just simmering.
5.	Pour the proper amount of boiling water on the leaves and let it infuse for as long as you desire, preferably not less than three minutes and not more than five or six. It all depends on your taste and the strength of tea you use.
6.	Stir thoroughly and pour off the tea into another pot. Once the juice is steamed out of the leaves throw them away, give ’em to the cat, anything; but for heaven’s sake, don’t use them again. And tha; goes for tea bags, too.
7.	When the tea is ready, serve it with lemon or milk, not cream.
8.	For iced tea, prepare in the regular way, then pour the hot, freshly made tea into tall glasses filled with cracked ice.
Buy Hosiery Long Enough, Advises Woman Expert
FOR SALE—A number of Barred Rock Pullets, laying. Apply NoRval Wilsdn, It. 3 Saw ville Phone 7-r5
to Mbs
This advice from an expert may be appreciated by harassed husbands as well as their wives and unmarried women, also.
Elizabeth M. Lippard, instructor in clothing extension at the Pennsylvania State college, says that women’s hosiery bills can be kept down by wise buying and good care Miss Lippard advised women to buy two-thread weight only tor evening; three-thread or even heavier for day time wear.
“To select your correct foot size,” she said, “stand on a ruler, measure from heel to toe, and add three-quarters of an inch to this measurement
the toe of the stocking should extend half an inch beyond the foot, Miss Lippard believes.
Be sure that the hose is long enough—30 inches is average; short
26 to 28-inch
S. Wyman MacKeehnie & Sons
Quebec
Singing While You Work Makes Child Like Music
Wyman
if you want your children to g rex up appreciating music, don't make fun cf your husband’s singing in the shower. Let him sing!
Singing in the shower, singing in the sunshine, singing in the rain, singing at odd times or special tunes, spontaneously and often, will do more than any other one thing to foster your child’s interest in music. Sing with him, encourage father to sing, too, and never dampen their spirits by the slightest frown.
Mrs Satis Coleman, a mother as veil as one of America's most wide-y known music teachers, believes •ou con give your thild music. ‘I;s soothing qualities,” she says, •relieves tension and quiets nerves Music will enable him to get away
But if
N N VVN VS NWS
Public Notice
Service Announcement
Shaw ville United Chcrch Province of Quebec,
j Mnnicipality of Clarendon
Public Notice is hereby given to all proprietors of real Estate and resident householders of this Municipality that the valuation roll made by order of the Municipal Council of the Municipality of Clarendon, is deposited in my office where it may be examined by the interested parties during 30 days from this notice ; during which time any ratepayer may, in writing, complain of such roll, which will be taken into consideration and homologated at a meeting of the Municipal Council to be held in the usual place of meeting on the second day of September at One o’clock p. m.
Given at Shawville this second day of August, 1941.
Rev A. F. Foxes B. A., B.D. Pxstor Sunday. August 31st
11,00	a. m. Service at Shaw ville
Service at Zion, service at Stark’s ’Corners
At the above services the pastor will preaah
7.30	p. m. — Service at Shawville Mr. Leslie Dean will preach
This is necessary because
1.30 p. m
3.00 p m
women may wear lengths; tall women, 33 to 35 inches. When you pull the length of the stocking and foot gently, it should have an easy stretch of several inches and should spring back into place.
Naturally full-fashioned stockings fit best.
“Ask about twist when buying hosiery,” Miss Lippard suggests. "A crepe or high twist produces a more durable product than a loose or low twist. The high twist resists snags and is more attractive.”
Another tip:	Since silk deterio-
rates with age, it is wise to avoid having too many silk hose on hand at one time. Having fewer pairs usually means better care of these few.
rom problems and worries ic is to find this solace in adult life, it have music from babyhood. Parents should begin singing to
nd the songs need not oe confined to lullabies. There should be no set time for singing. Sing to the baby at sleepy time, but sing to him, too, through the day.
Alice McKc nna, who supervises n the two nursery schools that are part of the department of child study of Vassal college and is making a special study of music for young children, shares this opinion.
Music for a child should be of two kinds, the music he hears and the music he himself expresses. Singing. she says, is a creative form of
Little children like to
* No More Towel Folding
Did you have an aunt who taught you to fold your towel neatly before placing it on the rack? Well, if you were a child today instead of too many years ago, you wouldn't have to go through that particular training. For today, there is a towel rack that does the work for you.
e tr
Bristol United Church
Sunday, August 31st
11.00	a. m.—Service at St. Andrews
1.30	p. m. — Service at Knox
Mr. Leslie Dean will preach Austin—
Service at 7.30 p. m.
Rev. A. F. Pokes will preach
r
c
J. A. DEAN,
Sec,-Treasurer
mu
4s«j3i, $ry? &
has three flat holes through the center. These holes are filled with a gum rubber holder that will not allow the towels to fall to the floor. The towels drape in a neat fashion in such a manner as to more rapidly expose every fold to the air, thus making for more rapid drying.
To operate this modern towel holder you need but twirl the towel about the forefinger, insert it into the slot in the rubber disc and there it will remain until removed.
Public Notice
ANGLICAN
Sunday, August 31st St. 1 Paul’s
11.00	a. m. — Morning Prayea
7.30	p. m. — Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s
Municipal Corporation of Shawville) Province of Quebec + /
To the ratepayers of the aforesaid Municipality :
¦PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given by
the undersigned Secretary-Treasurer of the aforesaid Municipality that the Valuation Roll for the said Municipality for the current year, has been completed and is now deposited at this office.
And that on Tuesday, the second day of September next, at its usual hour and place of meeting, the Municipal Council will proceed to the examination, revision and homologation of the said roll.
Given at Shawville this twenty-eight day of July, 1941.
expression sing songs of their own making, and should be encouraged to do so.
Mountain Sheep Still
Exist in National Park
New Cure for Dysentery
_ . , ,_ NT .	Listed at Johns Hopkins
###### sen Keene! aTikerfbrought the con- which sulfanilamide or its dériva-
sstüSI ispis?
mm####
**¦
preventive medicine at Johns Hopkins,’the man who was responsible for the introduction of the sulfonamide group of drugs into the United States four years ago, said today that Dr. Marshall’s drug had cured acute cases “very promptly said that sulfaguanidine also made it possible to sterilize the intestinal tract so that surgeons could perform such operations as those for cancer without infection interfering
Many Countries Supply Products for U. S. Candy
More than 15 countries pour their quotas into Uncle Sam’s enormous sugar barrel from which candy is made, according to a bulletin from the National Geographic Society, Washington, D. C.
Thousands of miles of transportation are represented by the sugar alone, for machetes flash under the torrid sun of Cuba, Puerto Rico, Hawaii and the Philippines.
Hot sea breezes otT the Equator fan the cacao trees on Africa's west coast that produces chocolate, an ingredient of 49 per cent of candy proTons of chocolate come also from Panama and South America and The Netherlands In-
2.00	p. m.—Evening Prayer Holy Trinity
Evening Prayer
t
*
...
Romans Wore Straw Hats
Straw hats were first made and worn by the Romans. But the industry did not grow much until about the Sixteenth century, when Mary, Queen of Scots, engaged a number of straw plaiters of Lorraine to return with her to Scotland to instruct her people in their art. Straw hats Were made by hand until 1870 when the first hat was machine sewn in Luton, England. The sulphur and acid processes were used for centuries to bleach straw. These methods have been replaced by a process known as “Monopol” by which all tones of white, from paper to ivory, can be obtained. The hats are stiffened with gelatine size, and after drying are blocked into the required shape with the aid of damp heat and pressure.
3.15 p. m TbeJRev. P, C. Powles in charge
4H
V
North Clarendon Parish Rev. K. V. Bolton, B A., L.Tn Sunday, August 3let North Onslow-Holy Communion—10.30 a. m.
Thorne Centre—
7.30	— Eveningjirayer
Charteris—
2.30	— Evening Prayer
were rams, on
H, C. ROWAT, Notary
o
duced today
O'
Austin Women's Association
Come and attend the Standard Camp meetings in Mr. R. Hudgins Grove, Shawville from Aug. 29 to Sept. 7th.
dies
The Philippine islar.ds annually ship millions of pounds of peanuts across the broad Pacific to United States candy makers. From Italy and Spain come the almonds and from Brazil the Brazil nuts. Chinese gather 2,000,000 pounds of walnuts for on candy kitchens, with large quantities coining also from Rumania's Black M*a port of Constana.
ome from India, ad pignolias from al source
A meeting of the Austin Wo-Association was held at the
was _
during July. Now comes the good that 14 head actually were
men s
home of Mrs. Horner in July. Mrs. Manson McCagg conducted a devotional period after which the president, Mrs. Bland Little, took charge of the business session.
The meeting for the month of August was held at the home of Mrs. Palmer, with the president in the chah
the devotional period members were present, meeting will he at the linme of Mrs. Roy Si y The hostesf fresh meats
news seen.
One of the reasons for the creation of Kings Canyon National park early in the year was to throw added protection around disappearing forms of wildlife. “It is apparent,” says Guy Hopping, assistant superintendent, “that park rangers actually have a band of mountain sheep to protect.” Plans are on foot to ere-
“djototagfhe park onbthedeast^de j with subsequent healing 6f the in-of the Sierra.	| clslon-
Rev. R. J Robertson
Bamboo Cribs Catch ttimbs
A bamboo basket to catch I
designed b; protect thei ings from J recently d<
Peck, ecu;
Heifetz Lauds Jitterbug Tunes
“Negro spirituals and modern jitterbug jazz music are the two basic foundations for American Jascha Heifetz, violin virtuoso. As proof of his feeling for this music, as well as the classic masterpieces he is playing a number of modern compositions incorporating these elements, during his present concert tour. He recently stated that South America has replaced Europe as a field for concert engagements.
bombs
e Uj
He
c-r
says
Mi'M. NVm. Elliott led
Eight The u^xt
l
f
1
1
d the Phil
cs
U pounas 1 in this
The C
*erred d duty re it the c!o-e of th
tw
..d Persia and j
d dates.
I
meeting
r
cy fain:sh
hai
i u
