###PAGE###1###
No. 13 60th Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY,
SEPTEMBER 24th 1942
Clarendon Women's Institute
Hein live* in KrUtol have received a message from Sergeant Herbert K. Unwell, of his site arrivai in England.
BIRTHS
I____________________
gowlixg
business
I
The Sentember meeting ot the Clarendon Women’s Institute was held at the home of Mrs. Leonard
Horner, on Wednesday afternoon, Mrs. Thomas Dumas Dies at Ottawa Sept. 16th. with thirteen members
and seven visitors present.	,	.	.	^	.	.	.
minutes of the previous meeting Church Rev. G La rose chanted were read, correspondence read the requiem high mas# and said
and plana made regarding the tea the prayers at Notre Dame Ccme room at Shnwvilie Fair
May--At Forester's Falls, Unt,
|B'SA'£fiEL , COLLK(,K
—Ehzibeth Ann Loui'n.	borner Bank and Somerset Streets
PERSONAL MENTION
ALLADIN
Mantle Lamps
of Mr-
Ottawa Ontario
riii* olil reliable school ha* emoved to I ai ire and liner ptemi«es. The finest and most •n.Jdein in Ontario Attend a school with an established imputation Open all year.
». I. COWLING President
Mrs. H. Millar, of Ottawa, ha-been vi-iting at the hone of. her daughter, Mrs. J. P Wilecn.
Lac Arthur Strutt, R,C.A F.. Victor* %, R C . H ? pending a furlough at the home of hie mother, Wru. Herbert Strutt.
and
HHHpiHpmpd ter y..
Each member brought a dona* Chief mourners and survivor* tion of tea.	were her hn-band, two fous, Red-
A fund was started for buying '*,ond« "t tli« basic-trainiug centre.
War Saving Stamp-.	Cornwall, and Edward, in the
Suggestion* were given for the K°y11 ¦ Canadian Navy at E-qui packing of boxes to be ment to the	“• C ,; two daughters, Berna
Clarendon boys overseas.	dette and Katherine, both at
Mr*. Gordon Ruesett won the home. Someiset street west; Mias Muriel Lamothe, " a ceo rain tog ra plied teacloth which wg* two brothers, Leonard McCaffrey: panted by Messrs Cecil Lamothe
donated by Mrs. Vincent Hodgin*. uf MoVt,«?H 1 ,l,uI RicllArd MeCaff and Paul Chandler, spent the n
During the afternoon sewing Cf?' y eiratead; and five mister#, few days at the home of M
was done for the Pontiac Com Jf ”• *:	/it* Maryland. Que.; Shirley Sly.
Mr#- Charles	of Topper
Lake, N. V : Miss Margaret MeCaff-
H.W. BRAITHWAlTà
Principal
Supplies
Mrs. C. A
Bntneide and her daughter. Misa Neta Burnside, of Ottawa, visited friends in town and at Vann for the week end.
X
JAMES A. MILLAR
8 A..IL L. L
1PQVMCA,TE’ BAWWSTER, ,lc.
129,MalnSt.,Hull,Que.
Al Moyle’a'Hotel,
•very r*
At PontiacHouse, Shaw ville
_____Wednesday at Noon
HARLAND o. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C
Advocate Bar:later Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s B:>, (juebec
(In'Lawn Block)
I
The White Light—from Coal Oil
1st
$6.25 and up
MS
Campbell’» Bay
ccr«fc<) ir c i r i r g
munity Hospital.
The Roll Call was ‘should ehil- M	..	. - -
dren be kept under strict diet* ^y, Mis. Prank McKee and Mrs, pline or allowed their freedom?" Louise 0 Connor, all of McKee The singing of the National u Among the many spiritual and Among hym^r residents of this Anthem brought the meeting to a ,la . offerings received were district noticed at the Fair were close.	those from the -taft' of the Comp- the following:—
Refreshments were served by tro*ler°* the Treasury and the From Ortawi the hostess assisted by Mrs. Pearl	niZn of the Civil Detective Borden Hobbs
John McKinley Staff Sgt Ebert Horner Cpl. Man-on Smith Murrah Donaldson Cpl Alton Stark Pte. Wallace Neither Tolbert Corrigan “ Howard Storey Clarke Cowan Capt, Wallace Hudgins Major James McCuaig Gerald C. Hudgins Spr. Eric Graham Ernest Eades.
Mr. and Mr*. J. A. E Cowley Mr. and Mrs. Everett Hayes Mr. and Mrs. John G. Elliott Mr. and Mrs. Forest Hrendergast
n	Mr. and Mrs. Royce Prendergast
Despite war time restrictions, Four outfits appeared and these Mrs. Leslie Hornet the 80th annual exhibition of Pon- were all pretty much beyond Mrs H. Cole tiae Agricultural Society. No. 1, description, but the honors were Mrs. Uhas D.tgg functioned on Friday and Satur- easily carried by C. Richardson Mr*. Albert Richard-on day of last week with an alLtune who drove a kiching old nag (and Mr. and Mr-. Win Whirrey and record in attendance. Except for how it did kick) which the crowd	daughters
a few hours during Saturday's and the announcer chose to call Cpl. Jas. and Mrs Allen night show, fair and warm weath- “Rinso ’ The main event was the Mrs Robert Glasper er prevailed for the two day competition for the James A. Mm. Wm. Kirkpatrick program	Millar trpphy for the best agricul- Miss Marion Siuythe
The cattle exhibit was again an cultural team, and this was won Miss Ruth Horner outstanding feature of thevFair, for the third consecutive time by Miss Elaine Homer and was even increased over last Mr. L A. Smart and his fine team Miss Chmlyn Horner year, when the first Black and of grey percherons. The cup was Miss Arlene Hodgins White Day sponsored by the uiesented by the president, Mr. Mi-s Helen Hodgins district Holstein Club, became a John R. McDowell, and after I Miss Mary Armstrong part of the Fair. This time the receiving it Mr. Sinai t immediately I Mi-s Nom Horiirius increase xvas due to the interest or gave it over for competition at Miss Merle McDowell co operation of the Shorthorn future Fairs, and received at great Miss Shirley Hodgins C. W A C Association inaugurating a “Short hand from the spectators.	Carmen Smith
horn Day," on Friday.	Added attractions late after Kenneth
The whole show was composed noon and for the night show on	Sereney
of more than two hundred animals Saturday were military man Lloyd Mitchem Friday as usual, was free day on vers by the P. W. U. R» and the Mr. and Mrs. Geo McDowell for school children	and	with Dan-	C W. A C , ot Ottawa,	Cpl Clarence Farrell
iels Greater Shows set	up in the	There was an exceptionally	Eddley Wallace
accustomed place,	the	youngsters	heavy entry in sheep and swine	Hainan Lionel Hanna
had a fine time	on	the variou-	and had there been i>ens available	I Miss Grace McKechnie
rides. The attendance on Friday I the showing would have been
was considerably larger than much larger, some farmers having, ,	.	,	M
u-iial for this day, and on Satin- to return their stock to the farm. u-rae£ ^,,nningham day the crowd swelled to record ' The poultry exhibit wa* slightly %, Grace Cunningham breaking proportions.	i smaller than last year, but entry	», am: J!18	X^may
Apart from the general show-	jin the Barred Rock sections were	Mi». Ernest Smith
ings of live stock, both days' pro- heavy and particularly fine birds r ?nd ^ Herb On-
gram* included horse racing. On were shown.	tten Den Harris	nriTTina rt#r apimma»
Friday there was a farmer's tace	The	greatest falling off in	the	, L" w	^ (‘man and family [$EA	I TIE 0	EYE	SERVICE
and a 2.18 class, and on Saturday	whole	Fair was noticed in	the	•,orm Welch
t'tiïïïKS	S3	»”	ft»,	462	||W“"«"•
teresting, each finishing witn three I other years. Only three displays	11 anrtJVI™. Hubert Hoi ner	OTTAWA	OIITA	Din
horses under the wire. On Friday were found in the mercantile	From Montreal	U liana,	UNIAKIU
afternoon the 9th Air Artillery, of i section, and these were arranged	Dr R F l) ivv
Petawawa, under command of i by Ottawa Valley Grain Product*.	Bruce Horner
Capt. Merle Tucker, gave a de	of Renfrew, the Shawville Milling	Olarence Smith
monstration in the show ring,	Co., with a showing of Ptiiina	Kenneth Stark
when four gun* were placed in products, and Mr. Clifford Cone, Frftm n,h D. position under a smoke screen, local agent for Gilson stoves and ! 'rum vtner riaces During the afternoon Shawville ' washers and DeLaval machines. - Mr. and Mrs. Gerald Hodgins. and Bryson boys played a softball	The	showings in roots, fruit	j „ Schumacher
match, the honors going to the grain and vegetables, were much Gerald Strutt, Petawawa Lome boys by 10 to 11.	j	below average as well as in the J, H,‘d Mi*. Jack Barr, Noranda
The judging of specials in the i dairy compartment on the same ;\1rsl\ L.G. Richards, Wriglitville horse classes took up the greater floor. Upstairs, the needle work I	Hodgins. Cornwall
part of time of Saturday after- appeared as usual, but the ar- *Nanaimo, B C noon’s program.	rangement of flowers and potted I j, K. McDowell. Renfrew
The Sinclair public address sys* plants was not nearly as exten j(»eo. A. hroats. Renfrew tern operated from the ring bide, | -ive or as beautiful as at other Hugh McCredie, Fox warren, Man. and the announcer, Wei lie Howard | times There was one display in Mrs. J A Pritchard, Alcove aside from announcing the events | School work, this being made by tyt. H. B. Wal-h, Brantford and winners in classes, did great I Bristol Schools	John A. Armstrong, Arnprior
service locating officials, children I The Women's Institute displays Mrs. & E. Dale, Merrickville and lost articles.	in the annex were not as attrac* n	Perth
There was no musical entertain live as formerly, but were inter-	Mr.	and Mrw. P. E. Smiley.	Perth
ment on Friday afternoon and | estiag as they contained	Red	Mr.	and Mrs. Clifford	Strutt
when the night show was well | Cross articles, showing the differ- M " D"parquette under way, the Brass Band of the I ence between inferior and pro- ïrs U- Barnett. New York City Hull Regiment arrived on the perly made articles. •	| Rev. H. Maitland, Arnpiior
grounds and played for the rest I Prominent agricu It mists	and	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
of the show. The Fair had two livestock men visited the	Fair-
musical attractions on Saturday from distant points and officials	Watch the Calendar
afternoon, the 19 piece pipe band were pleased to welcome them This story is making the rounds of Military Depot, No, 3, Ottawa, and hear their comments.	at an army air base in the South,
marched past the grandstand Representatives of the Canadian One Private Davis amazed his bunk-several times and after 4 o’clock Red Cross Society and Canadian mates recently when he walked into the Hull Military Band again Army Units established centres the Post Exchange to emerge car-appeared and entertained l with on the grounds for demonstrations rying in his hand a set of one-stripe
mmrnmmmm###;
was considered the largest show patronage.	you were promoted. Whad-
of cattle evei* seen at a country Dances in two up town halls dya mean promoted,” shot back Fair. The competitions for the conducted jointly with the Dav18, ‘ *m *n 1,10 army four most ridiculous outfit provided Society rounded out the two-day months. That makes me a private the laughs for the huge crowd, program.	first class, doesn’t it?”
\
Visitors to the Fair
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
4 Estate C. J. Caldwell 4-
Gairety.
Record Attendance at Shawville’s 86th Fair

DONAT Le GUERRIER
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Cattle Show Greatest in History
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with by corretpondsnc
Blankets
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT .. BARRISTER HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’* Hotel
and
Campbell'* Bay every Tuesday at Noon At Pontiac House Shawville

ed Covering*
t
every
d
Tuesday Evening
Fall days with cool nights are here
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
»
Arthur and Orville
DR. H. K. NEILSON
Flanellette Blankets
Blue and pink borders, white or grey, good large sizes $2.25 and $2.95 per pair
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat
SPECIALIST
Fro
South Porcupine
MEDICAL ANTS BUILDING
Bed Covers
OTTAWA,
ONT.
Satin bound bed covers
PHONE, 2-7961
Woolcot— smart color combinations, warm and comfortable
$2.50 to $4.50
Wool Blankets
Rainbow Stripe all-wool blankets, large
Extra value, $10.00 per pair
size
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists on ml (visual and muscular eye defects
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist
Wabasso Sheets
SpecialJWabasso value, a few pair to offer at
$5.00 per pair
Good quality, large size, 80 x 104 $1.50
Reg Optometrist
Gordon T. Paul
I N SU RANGE
i
i
i
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
I
Hospital Sheeting
81 inch Hospital Sheeting, bleached Wabasso
85 cents per yard
SHAWVILLE
QUE
Ticking, Bed Spreads, Yama Cloth
Talking Pictures
HOB HOPE DOROTHY LAMOUR
in
Caught in the Draft
Two Added Attractions
at
THE W. A. HODGINS STORE
Shawville
Shawville Theatre
At 9.00 p. m.
Quebec
i
###PAGE###2###
convincing. Kay wag human, and She shower left her purring like a cream-fed kitten.
Accordingly, at 10 o’clock that evening, while the three of them were playing rummy in the living room and listening to the radio, Allan was startled by the noise of a spurred boot crossing the foyer. The carda he was holding fell from hie fingers a moment after when he saw the slim figure of Escoibar, trim and Immaculate as ever, standing in the doorway. The officer looked at Kay Sargent and saluted politely. He was about to address her when his gaze wandered to Allan. His eye# widened.
“The devil! Is this where you
TABLE TALKS
CANADA KEEP FIT
1
Make the most oi your Tea
HELP

^ <•£>
SADIE B. CHAMBERS
\

Ve-
777
Z
More Meat
Substitutes

W

Constantly arc we being asked what to substitute for meat, first as a measure of patriotism and secondly
down on their meat allowance anyway.
Many of you maybe will be glad of these suggestions,— Creole Scrambled E||i 2 tablespoons butter M cup chopped onion 2 tablespoons chopped green

À

many prefer to cut
# SERIAL STORY
m
To help meet the strain of extra office work you need extra nourishment. And, one of the best ways to get it, leading food authorities say, is to eat the "protective” foods-among which are the whole
Nab^o Shredded Wheat is 100% whole wheat in Its tastiest form, with all the bran, minerals and wheat germ retained. Include two tasty Nabisco Shredded Wheat and milk in your breakfast menu
'“Îîlœ'.teÎwH.M COMPANY, ITD.
Niagara Fall*, Canada
are
Where did you
MEXICAN MASQUERADE
“It is Indeed think I was, Colonel?"
•Sun Su told me you had suddenly packed your belongings and driven off to Valo Seco on the mainland, where you expected to get better pictures than here. Of course, I shouldn't have believed
pepper
lH cups tomatoes chopped in large pieces % teaspoon salt H teaspoon pepper teaspoon sugar eggs beaten
Saute onion, green pepper and butter in pan for two or three minutes
BY CECIL CARNES
F
tried to adapt himself to this change In his fortunes. “You were brave to come here tonight—but you’d have been a dead man, at dawn If I hadn’t Interfered! You realize that?"
“Yes. Why did you do It, Asia? ’
CHAPTER XIV
INTER, THE COLONEL
1
•Asia!” uttered Sergeant, and could sense a shiver sing through the frail old body, be careful of her! She's evil She appears to have ooMlder&ble authority over the Japanese, and It was she who was goolng to torture Kay!"
“Really!" exclaimed Allan soft-"Glad you mentioned It, Doctor! Now, listen W> my yarn." In Quick, whispered phrases he gave a summary of his experiences to date. He ended with a subject of peculiar Interest to himself, the Story of Harry Bishops ghastly late. “Have you any notion what they have done to him?"
“1 know what they did! They explained the trick to me In detail because it was one they threatened to do to Kay. They inject a atiou of rattlesnake venom Into the victim's spinal fluid. If you’ll tell that to your doctors—in esse 1 don't get out of here ray-#eif—they’ll know what to do for your friend “Thank God
him
6
Why, the idiot knew perfectly
NABISCO
SHREDDED WHEAT
well—"
Allan cut short his remark lest he get the Chinese Into trouble. Sun Su distrusted Escobar, ho reminded himself, and naturally had lied to him looking inquisitively at Pierre, who had risen to bow smilingly. Kay hastened to perform the amenities
“Colonel Escobar, this is M. de Fontanelle, a very good friend of Like Mr. Steele, my father

Add tomatoes and sea-Cook for three minutes
an
••Why? Just for the moment, let us agree to call it whim." Her voice was very soft, very alluring and provocative. Her body brushed against his in the dark, and he felt—a most unroman 11c simile—as if an electric eel had touched him with all Its Juice turned on. Now they were at the
1	must hurry a-whispered the lady, “and
Good night—dear
sonings
and add the-beaten eggs. Stir together over a slow heat until mixture is set. Serve on toast. Serves
woman s
Now Escobar was
four
Devilled Egg» (New)
6 hard-cooked eggs 8 sardines
2	tablespoons chopped celery Seasonings
Milk or mayonnaise 8	tablespoons butter
3	tablespoons flour Vg teaspoon salt
Dash pepper 1V4 cups milk 1% cups grated cheese Vg teaspoon mustard % cup bread crumbs Cut eggs in half lengthwise. Remove yolks and mash well; combine with mashed sardines, celery, seasonings and milk or mayonnaise. Pack into the eggs and place two halves together cream sauce of the butter, flour seasonings and milk cheese and pour this over the eggs arranged in a casserole. Sprinkle with the crumbs. Brown in a hot oven at 450eF. for 20 minutes or until brown.
Scrambled Eggs and Mushrooms
% lb. mushrooms 2 tablespoons butter 6 eggs slightly beaten V* cup milk Vg teaspoon salt teaspoon pepper Melt butter in shallow pan and add mushrooms. Cook together for twe minutes. Add the eggs combined with milk and seasonings and stir slowly over a low fire until mixture is set. Turn on a hot platter and garnish with toast points, parsley and sliced tomato.
for the most part they worry mors about their complexions than the danger. And that Is why they are so grateful to the Scot* doctor who has banished the "yellow peril."
and bottles of beautifying
cream
•kin lotion.
An Inspector stands by to see that all the girls make up their faces and cover their hair with white dust sheets. One factory doctor explained carefully makes up her face before going to her bench—as though •he were going to her wedding Instead of to her work—keeps her skin in good condition.”
water’s edge
ou ns
and myself, he is being held prisoner by these—these mysterious Japanese fish people!"
The rurale looker
way
so must you
Allan
Every girl who
“Good night, Asia—and thanks Then It happened, were about his neck form was welded to his, her warm Up* were pressed hard against
his mouth there—laughed tremulously— and
British Soldier To Get Pay Increase
“Ah, yee puzzled, but friendly. "1 have not had the pleasure of meeting M. de Fontanelle before, but If he Is being detained here against his will, he'll be glad no doubt, to hear 1 am a rescue party of one ” (Continued Next Week)
Her arms
her lithe
A Government announcement increases for the army
A second she clung
Banished
“Yellow Peril
The one girl in 1,000 who gets s yellow face (and it is usually only for so long as she is careless) is from those who don't wash end make up properly.
They all get clean towels every day. Tens of thousand* of towels laundered for these factory beauty parlors every day.
But some girls with sensitive skins, as well as those who are careless, get rashes on their faces, hands and arms caused by ful-
on pay
and the men of the other services is expected when the British Parliament reassembles.
The increases will be made, it said, to remove the disparity
wae gone:
Allan swam back to prison
and never once
rather slowly thought about sharks on the way. Kay Sargent was waiting on the dock, and he heard her quick breath of relief as he slithered onto the pier at her feet strolled up to the bungalow he told her about her father, and also explained the mening of the lights she had seen flashing on the main While he talked to Kay,
He can be cured." breathed Allan
Housewife Budgets
Family Income
Make a
was
between British service pay rates and those of munitions workers as well as troops from the Dominions and the United States.
It is understood the question has been under investigation for
If only
fcrvently
The passage was suddenly flood •d with light stolen up behind him unheard and pressed the button of a powerful electric torch. A hansh, guttural voice he recognized only too well pped an order pitched to a note of malicious satisfaction.
Add the
ly had

Many families arc on a budget basis that is set up by the wife who does most of the buying for the home, says the Kitchener Record
Here is how the average family divides $100:
$31 for food.
$19 for shelter, that is, rent, payments on a home, taxes, etc.
$12 for clothing.
$9 for home furnishings.
SO for fuel.
$23 for other commodities, such as medical bills, telephone, theatres, etc.
The above amounts vary according to the whims of some housewives, but they are a fair average of how the money is spent in the average Canadian home.

A* they
Food is the main item.
some time.
The basic daily pay of a British private is 60 cents compared with the $1.30 for Canadian troops and $1.65 for those in the United States Army.
Island
Allan regained most of the equilibrium he had lost to Asia's polie regained the rest
minate of mercury.
These girls, most of them young, are heroines. They play with death all the time they work. Sometimes they lose their nerve. But
Commanded the This time there'll be
“Hands up
nonsense, understand? Follow me as 1 back out. A false move

tent charm of It in the lighted foyer of the house when she stared at him, drew away slightly, and remarked on what a pity it was waters of the Gulf didn't wash off lip-stick. Her good night chilly, and his disgruntled He thought It toug
will bo your last!
Allan heard a gasp of dismay Srom Sargeant, and found no word of hope to leave with the old man. He moved forward slowly as the torch retreated. He quite believed the ugly man’s statement; on this occasion there d be no nonsense. His number was up. A short interview with the court-cold-blooded Watanabe—
EARLY FALL SUPPERS
the
By BARBARA B. BROOKS
Summer is gone, vacations are over, school has re-opened, and all too soon we are beginning to look toward the short winte r days. So, let’s take advantage of these few weeks of lazy Indian Summer ana plan suppers which can “take legs and walk '—evening meals which will fit into a basket, and which will look and taste their best out-of-doors. Then, if sundown finds the children restless and eager to enjoy the crisp autumn air, pack up and be off to a nearby park or picnic ground. Suddenly, an every-day supper will become an adventure. One-dish meals are especially suitable because they lend themselves to transportation. Noodles scalloped with leftover meat, Swiss steak with rice, spaghetti with meat balls, beef or lamb stew, or any çf the fish, meat or egg salads are ideal. The hot foods will stay hot until time to serve if they are placed in a vacuum container or in à casserole wrapped with several thicknesses of newspaper.
Picnic Supper Dish
was
a ppear-should be so against him
ances
when they Were entirely mislead
Ing
He was sure he had sized up
He remembered
ecus
and exit Allan Steele!
Now they were outside. Beyond the circle of light from the torch, something white moved In darkness. A voice spoke in a queer tongue utterly foreign to his knowledge of languages, hut it was
voice and he recog-
Asia correct the figure he had seen when he first landed and had small doubt his capture and release had been neatly staged by the lady. A grandstand play, he decided, to gain his goodwill and gratitude and perhaps bring her a step closer to getting those secrets from his mythical brother in Washington. Very clever, but he had seen through the scheme and he certainly hadn't kissed her!
Miss Sargent's coolness lasted for nearly four days but at dusk the fourth she came bursting Into the small patio where he was restlessly pacing the tiled walk.
“Oh, Allan, guess what's happened! 1 was looking toward the island from my window Just now and 1 saw a man 1 met at Ensenada! A Colonel Escobar of the
In charge of this dis-
He was star-
REQUESTS
Apple Meringue Pie
1 cups applesauce unsweetened Grated rind of % lemon M teaspoon salt 1 egg yolks % teaspoon nutmeg cup sugar
cup cream or evaporated milk % tablespoons flour Combine flour, salt, nutmeg and sugar thoroughly. Add to apple
sauce
bine	_
add cream or milk. Combine with applesauce mixture. Turn into pastry-lined pie-plate. Top with fheringue or whipped cream.
The population of the Soviet Union, 170,000,000 at the last
census	__	____
fifths European, one-fifth Asia-
is approximately four-
the
tic
2 cups stock V* teaspoon salt % teaspoon pepper Vg pound cooked meat % cup oven-popped rice
blespoon melted butter
M pound fine noodles or macaroni quarts water tablespoon salt tablespoons butter 1 tablespoon flour
A WELL-CUT SKIRT
i
a woman s mixed It with a start. Asia!
There was a brief exchange between servant and mistress sounded sullen and rebellious; «be peremptory, and the argument ended when she stamped her Grumbling, the Eurasian
i
a
He
1
ta
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ Dash paprika
Cook noodles in boiling water to which salt has been added. Melt butter in saucepan, add flour and stock. Stir until Add salt and pepper. Dice meat and mix with noodles. Add thickened stock. Pour into casserole. Crush oven-popped rice and spread over top. Sprinkle with melted butter and paprika. Bake In moderately hot oven (400eF.) 20 minutes.
Yield; 6 servings.	.
Note: Stock may be made by dissolving 2 bouillon cubes in %
with lemon rind and cornwell. Beat egg yolks and
Drain
thickened
foot
flicked off his torch and disappeared Into the night.
“Come, senor—Allan! 1 fear you must return as you came if you wish to get back unseen walked toward the shore, Allan at her elbow and silent while he

ii
on
m


g
Mime Chambers welcomes pereoeel letters from lstereetei reader». She ft pleased to receive aaggeot loss ëm topics for ber colams, mod Is vs reedy to Holes to your iipet peeves.” Requeet» for recipes or Special menu» ere la order. Address year letters to “Miss Sadie B. Chambers, 78 West Adelaide Street, To-
She

Corn Flake» Tea Cake*
cup butter	%	cup milk
cup sugar	%	teaspoon lemon	extract
eggs	1%	cups flour
1 tablespoon cocoanut	1%	teaspoons baking	powder
¦!¦¦	6 cups corn	flakes
Blend butter with sugar. Beat eggs well and add; mixing well. Soak cocoanut in milk and add to first mixture with flavouring. Sift flour with baking powder and add, mixing until batter is smooth. Roll teaspoonfuls of mixture in slightly crushed corn flakes and place in small greased muffin pans, or drop onto greased baking sheet.
e
8

Rurales!
trict, he told me ing straight at me, and what do
think 1 did ?"
“Threw him a kiss Allan moodily.
mped »e If-add reused
Save I ope If yea wleb ¦ reaLr
A FAMOUS BRAND

you


suggested



Plant Gives Free Beauty Treatment
&
said Kay, too eexcited to I raided and lower-
several
sill
J
No
a
xjdens
be indignant ed the window times in code!
Father made me learn it once. The Colonel didn’t make any sign, but I know he must have seen me. He was looking right at me!”
muttered Allan.
Here was news indeed and his thoughts were racing so madly that he answered almost absently.
might have
Bake in a moderately hot oven (375eF.) for 26 minutes Yield: 4% dozen small cakes (l\inches diameter).
Corned Beef Loaf
2 cups ground cooked corned beef 6 tablespoons catsup 8 cups corn flakes	H teaspoon pepper
1 cup evaporated milk	\ teaspoon salt
1 Combine ingredients in order given and mix well. Place m greased loaf pan and bake in moderate oven (350°F.) about 45 minutes.
shade 1 sent him SOS!
Special Complexion Care Given to Girls In British Ordnance Factory
358

WAIST SIZES Xv
14 To 31 INCHES
FINE CUT

In one of Britain’s biggest ordnance factories work tens of thousands of girl# who do Jobs which, In the last war, turned their complexion yellow.
There Is none of it now.
In 999 cases out of every 1,690 the girls on the “yellow Job", who put explosives into big and small bombs and into detonator caps, have beautifully made-up faces.
The Government has the cosmetic# made specially for them, and-supplies them free to every
That's odd
i

Yield: 6 servings.
“You'd think he thrown a kls« at least, huh?’
" replied Kay a just at that moment the Asia creature came up and they went off arm in arm
she’s got him, too.”
Allan let that one pass. He was busy pondering the fact of Escobar s prsence on the main island and deducing its obvious im-
So this was why he'd
Asia since
their one-sided embrace; she had finally got Escobar wanted him, on terms of such intimacy she dared bring him to the sacred precincts of the “cannery, I
and she’d put aside her new victim until she had bled the old one More envelopes across a
sA
bit
W e-ell
Delicious Postum
Brand
is not Rationed
bleakly
U

I suppose


too
À Miracle of Fabric Conservation
girl
With 400 heifers herded Into Alberta in 1885, Walter Ross started one of the West’s largest ranching outfits. Later merged with the Wallace Ranch, it covered over half a million acres of fenced range land in Southern Alberta and Saskatchewan with a herd of more than 12,000 cattle.
OX YOKE-BAR BRAND of *• ROSS RANCH
The explosives workshops have beauty parlors and luxury ablution rooms.
Women doctors in the R.O. factories go round the shops to make sure the girls have made up their faces with either calamine lotion and a fine face powder, or with non greaay face cream and pow-
plication* heard nothing from
• Postum is a good mealtime beverage. Its delicious, satisfying flavor makes conserving of tea and coffee easier and eaves on sugar.
Postum contains no caffeine or tannin to upset nerves or stomach. Made instantly in the cup, either with boiling water or hot milk. Very-economical.
By Louise Lennox
Here’s a wonderful skirt that really deserves a medal for saving fabric. Just one yard of 64-inch fabric and a very little labor pake# this very smart separate, to team with your jackets, blouses and sweaters.
Style No. 3582 is designed for sizes 24, 26, 28, 30 and 32-inches Any size requires 1 yard
where she
POSTUM
â «lllâl HVIlMt
der
~7Juu4 m fftsUm
dry
Make-up Job
When these “yellow-job" girls arrive on duty they first take off all silk or artificial silk garments,
underwear and change into cream-colored flannel I suits of good quality. Then they : go to a table lalcL»ut with glass j bowls of face powder. Jars of face
*
wine-stained table . *. .
It would have been brutal to tell Kay what a broken reed she leaning hpon in the person of el senor Colonel Alfredo Escobar
Instead, he snapped
cnuiu4h
waist.
54-inch fabric.
Send twenty cents for pattern to Room 421, 73 Adelaide St West, Toronto. Write your name, address and style number. _ _ sure to state size, you wish.
nans msta
stockings, and
4	OZ. SIZE MAKES SO CUPS I OZ. SIZE MAKES 10O
y Carvajal out of bis revery and showered
her with praises for her Ingenuity and wit, and made them sound
P342
ISSUE 38—’42
Be
ri
###PAGE###3###
1
t


geet that OM te two p.m. dak*, froen 11## o® yow dial, k #>¦#
has never been eclipsed, end dora rivaled. After words ee qulsitely beautiful and profound» ly pathetic, it was Impossible #ST Joseph to doubt that a complete change had passed upon hie brethren, and in particular upon Judah, since the day when he had eloquently urged, and they had wickedly consented, to sell their brother, Joseph, into Egypt.
The word here translated surety refers to one person pledging himself that another person will do a certain thing in the future, ee he promises to do, or hs, the surety, will offer up his own life ee a penalty for failure.
God In Our Lives
God ia in all the events of our
YANKS LOOK AT LONDON
RADIO REPORTER
?
À iitry, cowboy kero e#
(jkne
miifloBs
OIALINS WITH DAVlI
of roun* and old
and wuUoUnd, bn in left, is a teehniem le the Ü. S. Army Air
both
*# Awy
üonot
Es## 8ton# (Henry, of the AUk rich Family is aleo in uncle Santfp foreeel Rudy Valle# has enliete& and there are rumors current the* Edgar Bergen, single and in cellent health, has been inducted. However, they'll all still be heard —with their own shows, or guesting from the growing number of shows that originate in, or are produced by the various Army
Campe throughout the country!
• • •




«%
8




Many of us are ready
enough to admit that he is in the prosperous things, but when trouble comes upon us we attribute that solely to others, and in that way we lose the comfort which otherwise we might have enjoyed under its endurance. The mercies of a lifetime are often ignored by us under the bitterness of a single trial; and God, who has been our friend for years, is forgotten altogether, while we passionately condemn some others as the authors of our affliction, but we shall never find consolation that way. Th efirst thing we ought to say regarding every trial is, ‘It is the Lord.' No matter what may have been the human instrumentality through which we may think our trouble has corns upon us; no matter what may have been the material causes which have apparently operated against us—in and over all human actions and all material operations there is God. Hie providence is universal and supreme, and the first thought of our spirits should bo, 'It is the Lord.' Then that will steady ua; for did he no* give his own Son to die for us on the cross? Has he not shown his kindness to us in multitudinous and unmistakable ways throughout our lives? Can it be, therefore, that he means anything but good to ue in anything, even though it should be a terrible affliction ? Thus, so trace a trial up to God, we are on the way to comfort and support under it. For there are not two Gods
one of redemption. Jehovah is one, and he who 'so loved the world that he gave his only-begotten Son, that whosoever bo-lieveth in him should not perish, but hixvo everlasting life/ is at the same time he who orders our lives and sends and superintends our affliction. We may, therefore, have absolute faith In his goodness, not only in spite of trial, but through trial.

Fred Allen is due back the firs*
Sunday night in October being the Fourth, and for no coincidental reason, your scribes birthday. Can’t think of any way he’d rather celebrate the day thao turning his radio dial to either CHOC or CFRB and hearing tho great and mighty Allen again. Tho show this year is of half hour length, and will be broadcast from 9.30 to 10.00 p.m. each Sunday
Further news will bo
that





m
i


evening, forthcoming!
U. S. soldiers in the British Isles head for London when on leave. Once there, they do the things “visiting firemen” do the world over. Popular pastimes include feeding the animals at the London Zoo.
This is the newest picture released of the Happy Gang—and the miles of smiles and fun the ‘Gang* promised for their new 1942 fall and winter series of broadcasts, are well on their way. Their initial broadcast on September first, was a ‘honey/ and the plane they outlined for the pleasure of our listening ears augurs well for the sixth and greatest year of broadcasting by the Happy Gang, time — 1.16 to 1.46 p.m. EDT daily — CBC network!
Claire Wallace digs out the	CROC, with stations of the CBC
stories that no one else gets. She	National Network, are indeed
Is no ‘armchair* reporter. She	fortunate in having that top-flit#
spent one day as a department	three-quarter hour period, Monstore detective — that was one	day through Friday, from 1.16 to
story! She put a sly ‘want ad'	2.00 p.m. Give the Happy Gang
in the paper, and got a story from	and Claire Wallace a listen —
two hundred and fifty Toronto	you’ll become daily friends!
gigolos who answered it. She ie the only woman who ever spent a night alone in Toronto's 98-room Casa Lorn a. She did it for a wager and a story! And now Claire’s stories are culled from thousands she digs up from across the broad Dominion are told Canada wide each Monday through Friday at 1.46 p.m., right after the Happy Gang.
A few notes from 1150 on the dial: The Lone Ranger is now a night time ÇKOC show through Friday at 7.30 p.m.! Joe Petersen has returned to Sunday on CROC at 1.15 p.m., and the Old Refrains are back on the air again at the usual Sunday 6.16 p.m. time. The Mystery Club, new drama thrill headliner premiered just two weeks ago Sunday at 4.30 p.m., is proving a fine show. If you're within listening range of CROC, give it an ear, especially Sunday, for an excellent day of variety broadcasting!
Now, said
youngest son again.
Judah, if they go home to their aged father without the led, wkat will they do but bring their father quickly with sorrow te Ike
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
Monday
The
X
grave.
Judah's Self-Sacrifice
32. “For thy servant became surety for the lad unto my father, saying, If I bring him not unto thee, then I shall bear the blame to my father for ever. 88. Now therefore, let they servant, I pray thee, abide instead of the lad a bondman to my lord; and let t#e lad go up with hie brethren. A4 For how shall I go up to father, if the lad be not with lest I see the evil that shall come on my father.” Finally, said Jed-ah, he, himself, had become surety for the lad to his father, amd he pled with Joseph to allow him, Judah, to remain as a bondman in place of Benjamin, so that B jamin could go up with his brethren to Jacob at Hebron.
The sublime heroism of this noble act of self-sacrifice on Iks part of Judah it is impossible to overestimate. In behalf of one whom he knew was preferred fe a higher place In his father's i faction than himself, he was w ing to renounce his liberty rather than see his aged parent die of # broken heart. The self-forgetful magnanimity of such an action
LESSON 38
JUDAH: AN EXAMPLE OF SELF-SACRIFICE Genesis 42—44 PRINTED TEXT Genesis 44:18-34

#
$
GOLDEN TEXT.—Hereby know we love, because he laid down hi# life for us: and we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren.
I John 3:16.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—The events of this lesson occur somewhere near 1715 to 1710 B.C.
Place.—Shcchem, where Joseph’s father lived, was located in southern Palestine. For the most part, Joseph resided in Zoan, at this time the capital of Egypt, in the eastern part of the Nile delta, some 200 miles southwest of She-chem.
Just a note for the serial mind-nd some of those who
ed folk
mayn't be! If you haven’t heard Betty and Bob, NBC’s great daily dramatic story of radio’s best loved couple, catch the show from CROC in Hamilton, daily at ome o'clock. Wo might add the quarter hour to the Happy Gang — Claire Wallace period, and sug-
Fighting Veteran
Skipper Joseph Dixon, of San Diego, “70 years old and dying to get Into the fight," is off for hie third war. A veteran of the Boey war and commander of a troopship In World 1, Dixon has tak a berth as second mate 10,000-ton steamer on war duty.
3
and they
soon as we
on a
SCOUTING .
one of providence, and
FRENCH HEROINE
Discussing the serious increase in Juvenile delinquency, Dr. Kenneth H. Rogers, General Secretary of the Big Brother Movement, •aid that this presented one of tho major problems of this country. Never was the need so great, he said, for increased activity among such organizations as the Boy Scouts, Girl Guides, Y.M.C.A., and Sunday Schools, upon which were placed added responsibilities in these abnormal days. To neglect these obligations will mean steadily increasing delinquency now, and will entail graver social problems in the post-war days, Dr.
Rogers said.
* * *
Scout Jerry Tichopad, 14 years old, of Toronto, has good reason to remember the Gestapo. Jerry with his parents escaped from Czechoslovakia about three years ago. The Gestapo, he says, took over his scout hall for their headquarters, and robbed the gcouts of practically all their equipment. Jerry was able to save only two bits of his personal equipment, his belt, which he wore, and his Scout knife, which his placed among the kitchen knives they were taking with them. Jerry is now proud to be a Canadian Boy Scout.
$ $ #
Boy Scouts of the Sudbury district are undergoing an intensive course of training to make themselves available for messenger service with the Sudbury A.R.P. organization. “You will be used to carry messages from place to place, and will be grouped in the transportation branch,” the boys were told by an A.R.P. official.
Judah's,Plea
18. “Then Judah came neai unto him, and said, Oh, my Lord, let thy servant, I pray Thee, speak â word in my Lord's ears, and let not thine anger burn against thy servant; for Thou art even a# Pharaoh. 19. My Lord asked his servants, saying, Have ye a father, or a brother? 20. And we said unto my lord, We have a father, an old man, and a child of his old age, a little one; and his brother is dead, and he alone is left of his mother; and his father loveth him. 21. And Thou saidst unto thy servants, Bring him down unto me, that I may set mine eyes upon him. 22. And we said unto my lord, The lad oannot leave his father: for if he should leave his father, his father would die. 23. And thou saidst unto thy servants, Except your youngest brother come down with you, ye shall see my face no more.
84. And it came to pass when we oame up unto thy servant my father, we told him the words of my lord. 26. And our father said,
(to again, buy us a little food.
26. And we said, we cannot go |. down: if our youngest brother be with us, then will we go down ; for we may not see the man's face, except our youngest brother be with us. 27. And thy servant my father said unto us, Ye know that my wife bare me two sons:	28.
and the one went out from me, and I said, surely he is tom in pieces; and I have not seen him since; 29. and if ye take this one also from me, and harm befall him, ye will bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to Sheol. 30. Now therefore when 1 come to thy servant my father, and the lad is not with us; seeing that his life is bound up in the lad’s life; 31.
It will come to pass, when he seeth tiiat the lad is not with us, that he will die: and thy servants will bring down the gray hairs Of thy servant our father with sorrow to Sheol.''
HORIZONTAL
1 Greatest of French heroines.
8 Paleness.
Answer to Previous Puzzle
found guilty

of
¦ SEiHi3r=iiîiHnrii ranae ¦
TllfsflKB SP0H BRHOtt tiQH IdHHHE
a uiin(10 nifflBsas b
=0EiiH@ns
Hildas m
U9H08 a@ti! BBS BBHO
mu mem n
œ HM=] Ml?
$
18	Soldier's assigned quarters.
19	Drink of tho gods.
21 Legal claims,
23 Profits.
25 She was burned at
m
9 Palm lily.
11	Jockey.
12	Room recess.
14	Opposed to weather.
15	Malicious
ÎWK80É

Dliti
KING
'= = ¦
»
NBy
THIS CURIOUS WORLD
By William
Ferguson
BEB
m lEBiHiaaia mm ¦nan tiunsiMs hesi
hmifj îiHiim ¦ yijuon ae
ffi
the
foe.
26	To query.
27	Requests..
28	Hunters' calk 30 Peasant
35 Unit of work. 37 Guided.
39 Bellow.
17	Pronoun.
18	Contract.
20	Noun termination.
21	Dismounted.
22	Wooden pin. 24 Bone.
26	To be sick.
27	Jejune.
29 Feline
animal.
31	Painter’s stand.
32	Organ of sight.
33	Hair ornament.
34	Leg joints.
36 Large barren
plain.
38 Year (abbr.).


40 Devices for peeling bark.
42	You and I.
43	Whirlwind.
VERTICAL
1	Prison keeper.
2	More antique. 41 By.
3	Toward the 42 To sink.
44 Measure of
length.
46 Portuguese coin.
KATVCXO
%
SOU NIDS ITS NAME «MPtv my

45	Cupidity.
46	Egyptian god.
47	Appeases.
50	To do wrong.
51	Center of action.
54 She turned defeat into victory at the 12 Ozone, city of
lee.
4	Neither.
5	Either.
6	Fable. | JI^ÊÊ
7	Court (abbr.). 47 Company
8	Pair (abbr.).
10 Neuter
kv/At*r.
i
(abbr.).
48	Myself.
49	South America
• (abbr.).
51	Dye.
52	Road (abbr.).
53	Measure.
pronoun.
mother
w 13 Data. 55 She led the 15 Obese. French in battle.
16	To immerse.
17	She was
?
6
!
z
4
7
3
5
THE WORD
AAALAAtA
#
9	10
COAAOC FROM

ii
iz
13

MEAN INKS T

BEFORE MOSQUITO*
7| 14
15
16
10
19
17
MAN thought nr
service
//
20
21
zz
2
24 25
15
z
ARlSINkS
26
29
27
28
30
*
#
“I’ve still got those stockings,” Hie Majesty the King told the Chief Scout, Lord Somers, on a recent visit to Imperial Headquarters in London. The King was shown a photograph of himself in Boy Scout uniform taken about 15 years ago. Not only did Hie Majesty recall that he still had the stockings, but he was able to recall the names of all the officials shown in the photograph with him.


32.
33
34
35
«A BILUONA/ftC IN
/VO, OR HN THE
38 39
40
42
•*
3
44
46
ANSWER: In the EngHfh pflAbod'tt Numeration there are a million millions in a billion 7	##0,090,000,660. In the Vnited
States, a billion is only a IlieumW# millions *. . . 1,060,#66,00#-'
NEXT; Muehreems tbal grew
48 49
50
47
5/
52
53
Judah’s Sorrow
The plea that now pours from Judah’s lips is consideerd “one of the masterpieces of Hebrew composition.” Its simplicity and its manifestation of strong emotion, of vibrating compassion, of uti-uestionqed earnestness, make it worthy to be compared to the great pleadings of history. First, he acknowledges that they are guilty, and that their guilt is discovered. Then he proceeds to tell him in a moving way of the aged father, of th- brother who has died, and of the great love which the father has for the little one, Benjamin, The child of his old age.“Judah vividly describes to Joseph the scene in the parental home as the old man, with great reluctance and sorrow of heart, allowed them to take Benjamin down into Egypt, persuaded, however, that he will never see hi*
54
POP—Pain in the Purse Now
By J. MILLAR WATT
I “no, doc, I've ,
} GOT A NEW ONE /
WHAT'S THE TROUBLE,
POP?SAME OLD
COMPLAINT
YOUR OUTRAGEOUS BILL
l
f *
I
9
¦>
9



A



j
X


/

( Released by
inr.)
I
###PAGE###4###


materials, «orne work is being done and some necessary material, such as paving asphalts, are being released by the Federal Controller for necessary repair
Shawville, Sppt, 24th , 1942 w°rk, but that on the whole, the general
______________________________________; attitude seems to be the necessity of
winning the war before local matters will secure the attention th.*y have been pr< raised.
The secretary submits his copies of c< rrei-prudence with the Minister of Health requesting the organizition of a Health Unit in the County, and the Ministers reply to the same, other minor correspondence is also submitted, and on motion of Cr McCann, seconded by Cr Downey, the secretary treasurer is authorized to pay :	W. J. Hargrave,
Toronto, for printed forms, the sum of fourteen dollars, following which, on motion of Cr McCann, seconded by Cr M clad la n, the meeting is adj -timed.
L S. McNally, Secretary Treasurer
Outstanding Collection
Of Mollusks at Chicago
One of the most notable collections of mollusks, from waters all over the world, has just been added I nized. to the department of zoology at Field “It was a scourge to those who Museum of Natural History, Chica- traveled long distances by boat un-8°.	^ was announced by Orr til quite modern times. Many sail-
Goodson, acting director. It includes ors and passengers on long voyages more than 100.000 specimens of before the 19th century died of this shells, accumulated during a period disease before they reached their of some 40 years by Walter F. Webb | journey’s end. of Rochester, N. Y. The collection was acquired through the interest of Stanley Field, president of the seum.

Scurry Counteracted by
Rationing Lemon Juice
Scurvy, a disease caused by lack of vitamin C, has long been recog-
THE EQUITY

Be Alert !
To the imminent shortages of
Men’s and Boys’ Clothing
Our present stocks are still complete, carefully bought months ago and priced in many instances “below the ceiling." Do not buy more than your normal requirements but
Men’s two-trouser suit», for those who want appearance and comfort
County Couqcil Miqutes
-".Minutes of a regular, quarterly session of the Council of the Municipality of the County of Pontiac, held at the Village of Campbell*» Bay, on Wed nee day, Sept. 0, 1942, at which region were present : M. Eugare Plena, Mayor of Chapeau, Warden, in the Chair, and the following County Councillors, J. B McConnell, Mayor of the United Town ships of Alleyn and Cawood ; M Dosi-thee Chart rand, Mayor of Allumette Island ; Tho# J. McGuire, Mayor of Allumette Island East ; Robert B.
Carswell. Mayor of Bryson ; J. Nelson McLellan, Mayor of Bristol ; E. C Lawn M L A, Mayor of Campbells Bay ; John E. Sweeney, Mayor of Chi Chester ; William Barr, Mayor of Clarendon ; 8 Wyman MacKechnie, Mayor •of Onslow South ; Jas H Pvevcr, Mayor of Litchfield ; M Oilier Du fault ; Mayor of Grand Calumet ; Andrew Daley,
Mayor of Onslow North ; Chas Brinks worth. Mayor of Portage du Fort ; P H McCann, Mayor of Quyon ; G Goldwyn McDowell, Mayor of Shaw ville ; Simon Downey, Mayor of United Townships jf Sheen, Esher, etc., M Napoleon Rochon, Mayor of the United Townships of Waltham and Bryson forming a quorum of the Council, the Secretary Treasurer being present.
The minutes of the regular, quarterly session of June 10th, 1942, are read and adopted on motion of Councillors, McCann and Brinksworth,
M Gerard Martineau, Agronomist, of Nearly $19 is saved on the meat Campbell’s Bay appears to address the I from three hogs when it is butchered Council on the matter of the request of ' at home.
the Federal Government for an increase I It is figured that a 225-pound hog in Wool production throughout Canada	:s worth about 14 cents a pound on
and submits that the depradations made	:he farm, or $31.50. This hog will	n	xyr	D.
upon the Hocks in this County by, not I	rut out about 113 pounds of meat	ftoyail Was	rionccr
only domesticated dogs, but also by	*nd 32 pounds of rendered lard	U. S. Newspaoer Woman
wolves and bears, is seriously threaten-	< hi oh, at the butcher shop, will cost	|
ing the ability of local wool growers to	;,2.79. Thus on one hog farmers
even maintain tlieii present Hocks, and	'an save $11.29, or $33.87 on three
he suggests that this Council vote a sum	-o^s. This of course does not con-
of money which would be used to aug-	^der any cost for processing or
ment the bounty now being paid by the	oi ker rent. Deducting $10 for pro
Provincial Government for bears	essing and $5 for locker rent, at
destroyed on agricultural hinds, the	-0 a year, leaves a net saving of
present bounty of five dollars is not, in >18.87 by killing three hogs at home, his estimation, a sufficient incentive fori A side of beef from a 1,000-pound the greater destruction of bears. Mr >teer butchered at home and stored Martineau s request, and the subject	n the locker plant would save
matter therein, opens a discussions of	13.57, making a total of $32.44
the entire field covering the protective] ountng the saving on the three measures put forward in recent months,
t‘> protect and encourage the increase in I This is not all the saving. If the .sheep growing, particularly, the latest farmer sells the hogs and the equiv-measures enacted by tne Legislature re lient of the half steer, he would have quiitng every Municipality to adopt u.creased his income $159.50 local measures to register dogs and to create Municipal funds to be used as indemnity pumoses and paid to those suffering loss of animals and particular-
Virginian's Appartins I.
local Municipalities have these measures Excellent Deer ‘Chaser’ now in operation in their territories but A Virginia game commission
no safeguards, as yet, in rn.se describes a brand new method operation against the wolf and the bear, »i keeping deer away from farm incidents are related whe»» considerable rops--a barking watchdog, leashed damage has already been caused this >y a short chain to a long overhead season by wolves, The following trolley-wire" stretched resolution is put forward by Ur two trees at opposite ends of a field McDowell and seconded by Cr Xrcording to the commission this MçVonnelL— >> hereas the Federal vorked for Warden O'Neil of Wist Government is asking the farmers ot vounty in keeping deer out of (. anada tor an increase of one million strawberry bed when intermittent head of sheep, and since the Province of shouting, flashing lights and smelly Quebec is one of the largest	growers	of	repellents failed. Not	a single deer
wool in the Dominion and	is expected	visited the field after	the dog took
to increase its sheep Hocks in accordance over '
with the said request ; but that due to The commission recommends this the depredations made upon sheep flocks practice as a good means of mak-by bears and wolves in many of the ing a virtue of a deer-chasing dog's Counties throughout the Province and chief vice. However, it warns that particularly here in the	County	of	wire or chain should	be equioped
, T'"* Wlil !,fc*	,u	witj1 insulators to prevent painful Cowbird Faster Than Pigeon
1 Vwnhv y TTT*H? h7 n0W have and ^rrifying shocks to the dog dur- The cowbird has a bad reputation
s	to* Artt ks
,'V,V 1	./ P,nll7 h,v'' runway along the wire, so that the to build its own nest. But in a race I No Official National Flowers
oa p td uieasmea provided l.y the Act.	chain cannot become entangled in	starting at Chicago's municipal air-I It is surprising to learn that there
•to. , '-Imp. bo controlling dogs m	trees, brush, crops or other encum-	port, the little blackbird, known as	are no really official national flo'w-
Uu'.i territories and have thus done all	brances. Water, food and shelter for	the cowbird, has beaten three car	crs- Richard J. Hayden, superin-
h> All H a<u-t 1 he increased	the dog’s comfort must also be pro-	rier pigeons at their own game it	tendent of parks and boulevards in	_
VMachoB of wool, hut ha e n means	vided.	was the winner in a 55-mile race'and	Boston. Mass., who has long been	S
or tmonragement in com Kiting wolves	________________________ it covered this distance in 45 min-	interested in this subject, states that	i
!!,	(onset|Ucutly.	this Conned	utes, 30 minutes faster than the	certain fiowers are generally asso-	<1
rt*q te.s s that the Government ot the	Sensitive People	homing pigeons.	dated with various nations but that ^
fnvit.ee Iiuthorize the Departments of ‘Human barometers” received The race settles an argument be- none of them are recognized by gov- 3 -nine ami Agriculture) to augment the scientific	recognition recently at the	tween the owner of a flock of hom-	emment action.	if
¦H** ^
C,n*de~,-pêrii«B^êt Bulldm. SSlt^tSlSUSZ II
1 « h h six, un mg G,itmea<i, A rgen ten 11, , seaside, suffer from aches and From all parts of the world in the
laoelle and 1 apmeaii, requesting them pams, while other sufferers from summer come visitors to the parlia-
to aijupt a Hiiuilar refiiiliitimi andto bave rheumatism will be equally uncom- ment buildings in the ancient capi-	Railroad Tales	! D
it tyrwan.i'd to the Government ; and fortable inland.”	tal city of Quebec where, during One wild winter's day near liver- Î
fumiiT, that a copy he aUo sent to the The whole subject of “climatol-	the sessional months, the laws of	dun, on the Great Northern railway	?
Hu no ura , e, the I rime Mi raster of thejOgy,” he urged, had been too long	the province of Quebec are drafted	of France, a passenger train came	î:
province nquesting Ins sympathetic ' neglected, and should be investi-	by the only French-speaking Icgis-	to a stop. The engine had run	i
c° operation. - Carried.	gated.	lative body on the North American into a flock of rooks so busy picking
m t a »r •*?, r'fldfcl8l* Mr Lawn,	—	continent.	.	up scraps thrown out from the Stras- i 5
.M L A , who wn! nut be present for the	The style of the historic parlia- burg express that they paid no at-! i
lull session, to iiddre'ts wOUncil. Mr.	c .^?SJcr ...	ment buildings is Seventeenth Cen-	tention to the oncoming train, and	5%,
2	SS* iFHE	E™5™ -	"
ruqueHed Health 1 nit and that he has ^,pL^tu^'l"tge Z?pr	j10"8 ment building is remarkable for the . In Canada, a west-bound express
the Ministers assurante that, despite ^ mk/vv Lil1*	er. finally	fine proportions of its central tower,	had pulled out of Screiber, Ontario. I many	as	a wrapping material to	pre-
sume difficulties caused by present i ®al”® by» g‘an^d ovar his shoulder dedicated to* Jacques Cartier, who and run for ,some miles when a serve the flavor of cut bread, espe- Being ÏM 18 a. 4th Range, Township conditions, the l nit will be functioning	m.e” snook his head, discovered Canada in 1534/ Niches brakeman in the rear saw the driv- - ^ally . pumpernickel %and “dark" f,f Pistol, containing loo acres, mure or
in the County as soon as possible. He LK^XK ft} .e "flakes you make, in the masonry on either side of the er hanging out over the side of the bread, says K. Seidel in a German 8f,°d dwelling and outbuildings; regret* to have had to advise some local ^uoth t,le mstructor. You must	main entrance hold statues of Car-	cab. Thinking he was ill, he braked	technical	paper/	The	quality of	this i mixed clay loam, mostly all under.
Municipalities that the programme of £?	and .	î”01*®	1 tier, of Champlain, the founder of the train and stopped it. On investi- ,oil is tested by the action of acid cultivation ; well watered an I fenced
this Spring, m the matter of grants for ^ Private grinned. Mistakes. Quebec (1608), of Maisonneuve, galion he found the >driver uncon- solutions on the foil and by correlat- Fur further particulars apply to roads and other matters, has had to be	are? ,"!!sla .f', 1 kn(?w ho.w foundei of Montreal (1642), and of scioqs and the fireman dead. A rock ing these tests with observed effects	ROBT. IUJ.S8ETT,
curtailed due principally to scarcity of *	/,,*•?*	1 JUSl don 1 kr,ow how to Father de Breboeuf, the great Jesuit falling from an overhanging cliff had * when the foil is used for packing	Wyman, Que.
s‘ 1	martyr.	•	dropped exactly into the engine cab. bread.—Scientific American.	i
“But in 1804 the regular issue of a ration of lemon juice was made compulsory in the British navy and thereafter scurvy was a compara-According to Dr. Fritz Haas, cura- lively rare disease among British tor of lower invertebrates, the per-1 sailors, manent scientific value of the collection is enhanced by the fact that | isolated, the whole concept of some
SLnîSï?8 0khei!‘ wmPîîîtStLpriv*te diseases being due to the lack of collections which Mr. Webb has pur- ] certain so-called
chased in Europe and America,	| mam
mu-
ss
BUY NOW
»•
“However, before vitamin C was

l
$25.00 to $27.50
accessory factors
...	, ..	,	^	, j I had to be recognized by scientists
th lofti 1 lcm dûtmg as far back as and much experimental work on ani-Hog Kill Day Is Being	f 1,s*	mais performed. It was found that
Tl____ l 4ii e Fl.e d museum by this acquisi- the guinea pig suffered from scurvy
ixevived i nrougnout U. O. tion has obtained a collection of and was a suitable experimental an-
Revival of butchering day, when world-wide scope that fills a serious imal for these studies," says Chemi-farm neighbors help each other pre- &ap in its zoological collections, and | cal and Engineering News, pare their meat supply, is expected forms a basis for further active re- "Using this animal as an indicator this fall for three reasons.	search in the field now usually re- of activity it was possible by vari-
It will be cheaper, transportation hnc„ t0 as malacology/ " says ous methods of fractionation and and packing plants will be relieved Haas, an expert in this sub- separation to isolate crystalline vita-of some of the record pig crop and ' formerly of Frankfort, Germa- min C.” since farm people won’t bn gf ing ny» ^ho came to this country sev-| many places anyway, this be eia* y®ars ago because he could | another way for them to be good Pot an. *wou1d not live in the same neighbors.	land with Hitler and his henchmen.
"Mollusks of both the sea and
NEW FALL HATS
Our new Fall Hats bave arrived
greer, and air blue
in grey, brown


83.95 to $6.00
Wool felts #1 95 1* every shade
Your New Topcoat
Even Japanese Beetle
Threatens an Invasion
/
A family of five should have 675 .	—	,	¦
pounds of meat a year for proper |re. water, including especially the As if we weren’t having enough nutrition. This is provided by three familiar oysters, clams, and sea- trouble with his human counterpart, 225-pound hogs and half of a 1,000- ®nads» together with the land snails, the Japanese beetle threatens a ma-pound steer.	bave been of great importance to jor “invasion” of the East coast, ac-
mankind since the time of the ear- cording to Dr. E. Porter Felt, ento-liest Stone age, first as a source of | mologist. food, and secondarily for tools and ornaments.
Ju*t as Mire as VICTORY r are headed for brisk weather. Von need a Top Coat now !
Tweeds Coverts Gabardines
we
f
819.50 826.00 $27.50
Appearance of the tree scavengers one to two weeks early this summer presages more general infestation along the Eastern seaboard, he said. The beetles, which usually do not trouble commercial .	.	,	. orchards and forests, feast on shade
merica s first newspaper woman frees and garden plants. They oc-was Ann Royall, who worked on the Paul Pry, which began publication in Washington in December of 1831.
e«T?ai7*^r Beecher Stowe, author of I Dr. Felt warns that trees and gar-Uncle Tom s Cabin, ’ was the first dens growing in light soil with sun-newspaper columnist in the United ny exposure are prime targets of the States and her observations com- insect aerial marauders, while trees manded \\idv attention, like her fa- and shrubs growing in heavy soil mous book.	1 eold northern exposure are
Elizabeth Cochrane—better known I more likely to escape the full blow of as Nellie Bly—was a well-known infestation. Although the voracious reporter-crusader at the turn of the “invaders" have been reported as century, and attempted many dar- far west as St. Louis, Japanese bc'i ing assignments, says the Christian ties to date have generally confined
îsssjssï- «P ïzrih: lu,eir	- - ei,v i
world in 1889 while working for the New York World—completing the journey in 72 days and six hours.
#

?

/ /	(j/q/fiinct and
•haher dash enj fa men and boi/s
t
cur along the East coast from Virginia up to and including southern New England.

j< N.fi.Horner's old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE.


%
on
>
Stay Out of Debt
If you would five to a ripe old I age, never fall in debt. This is Jj the advice of Misao Chiba, editor of the magazine Long Life. Aftei I % A demonstration was given re- I spending eight years investigating {< cently of a method of, faking fin- | the secrets of longevity, he an- / ger-prints which, it was said, had nounccs the following results, in cr v ‘‘absolutely baffled” the French po- I der of their importance:	$
bee.	Of the thousands of persons	over	J
Of course, you must have a gen- 80 years of age questioned through / uine finger-print to start with. It out Japan, not one has ever been V is suggested that this can be secured heavily in debt.	y
by shaking hands with the “victim.”	The vast majority are always op-	4
You're wearing a glove and you’ve timistic.	9
got a plastic substance parked on	All . partake of plain meals.	?
the back of it. This takes and	Most are early risers.	I	*/
keeps the impression. Then you put	These are the only points	com-	I	/
it where you want it.	mon to the majority of aged per 2
Claims that finger-prints can be sons, Chiba’s questionnaire re K faked have been made before. But veals. He adds that there is noth obviously it would be a tricky busi- ing secret about the last three points I f ness. And experts say that the tests for optimism frugality and early '/ they employ would soon bring any rising have been regarded from an- 4 deception to light. In any case, the cient times as essential factors of j */ faked prints would be “in reverse." I longevity
vhu.li most farmers this year will ay C20 to $30 income tax.
Let US Do Youp
GRINDING
Faking Finger Prints
re
there is
\Xe have just installed a new Deisel Motor and can now attend to . all your Grinding in a very short time.
between
a
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
5
«
Telephone 126 SHAWVILLE
1

%
;
Chick
As for the first point, that of not contracting debts, the investigator claims that he has made a startling new discovery.


9
VI

1



DALE’S TINSHCP
TIMSMITH8 and PLUMBERS
A GREAT BAKER
.^—aeoeANDjL, GRAND H EATER -
*3
COAlfr WOOD RANGE
y.!
Its wonderful working qualities and attrcctive appearance have made the Findlay Oval a favourite in thousands of Canadian homes. Available in three sizes. Large oven. Large, fast-heating reservoir. See it today!
0
&
9
IriHI
Order your Furnace now -
supply ia limited
ÈrrjtoiæmjiSSJBIBWiSS/SiB kSBMH
- I
Aluminum Foil Used on Bread
Aluminum Mil is used in Ger-
FARM FOR SALE

###PAGE###5###

Look Here
Service .Announcements
For Suie, Want*, Found,
Lost, etc.
Sunday, September 27th
Great Features in
Men’s Apparel
Shaw ville United Church Riv A. F. Foies B. A., B.D. PAitor
11.00	a. ra. Service Rt Shawville
Rally day for Sunday school and congregation, spec al program, and illustrated address by the pastor.
2.00	p. m.—Seivice at Zion
3 30 p. m. Service at Stark’s Corners
Rally day Program and address by Rev, A, D. McLean of Ottawa,
7.30 p. in.--Service at Shawville
Y. P. U, rally and installation of officers, special program and briaf addresses.
FOR SALE—One grey mare, 8 years old, foal at foot; pair of Belgian mares, rising 3 and 4; pair rf matched fillies rising 2; I brown filly rising 2; 1 chestnut gelding rising 2. Apply to Clifford Burner. R 1, Shawville, phone 16-4.	> t	1
LOST—-Near the show ring at the Exhibit ion grounds on Saturday afternoon a Brownie Camera, kindly leave at Tub Equity Office,
ri



V' C
Yl
* #
X
Sweaters Underwear Work Pants Work Shirts Fine Shirts Windbreakers Overalls Pyjamas New Fancy Ties
Fine Socks Work Socks
Finder

FOR SALE—Team of black work horses, shout 2500 lbs; well matched, 5 years old. Apply to John Gordon. Wyman Que. Phone 8 r 40.

K

ANGLICAN Rkv. K. C. botTON,
CiL
A., L.Th.
$
WANTED AT ONCK^Oirl to do
general housewoik; no cooking; electrical conveniences, good home in city; private room. Apply to Tiik Equity Office.
IL » l
per hap* you have wondered many Pines as you have lifted a heavy pail of milk shoulder-high to pour it into youx Separator tank.
If your Separator is a Ren-j Lew you have never oiven 1 the matter a thought for on a Renfrew "up" is 39 inches from the floor. This is one reason why women prefer a Renfrew. This— and ease of operation, perfect skimming, absolute cleanlin cf surface oil.
Quality the highest — price the lowest, quality considered. Capacities I» 400 lbs., 600 lbs., 800 lbs. and 1000 lbs., per hour.
* # # #
K
St. Paul*»
Holy Communion—8X0 a. m. Sunday School—10.00 a. m.
Evening Prayer—1.30 p. m.
Members of Pontiac Lodge. A. F. and A. M. will be gueets at this» ervice.
. Evening Prayer—7 30 p. m.
Holy Trinity
Holy Communion —11 00 a. m.
St. Lukes
Evening Prayer—4.00 p. m.


Features from our Bedding Department

FOIL SALE—One pair gendral pur-po.*e geldings, 2f>00 Ibe 4 and 5 years; one 4 year-oid c I y de gelding. Apply to Herman Ballantynk, Maryland, phone 23-32.
Blankets
Bedspreads Couch Covers
Mattresses
FOU SALE—1937 Chevrolet -Sedan» Master Deluxe, in good condition, good tire*, for further particul r*. apply to Amy Barnett. Shawville, phone 127
ÉOUSE FOR RENT—part or whr.lt of comfortable dwelling on King Street, 8b aw \ i I le. Apply to John G. Sly, phone 22 30.
Pillows
and absence

Beethe Renfrew man in
V
North Clarendon Parish Rev. P, R. Stote, in charge
Charted»—
Holy Communion—11.00 a. m
Mr. MacLean of the British e Foieign Bible Society will te guest speaker.
Thorne CentreEvening Prayer—3.00 p. m.
Greer Mount—
Harve t Thanksgiving—8 00 p. in.
your neigh-@PI borhoodit!#^^ is responsible to

RANGES . HEATERS WASH -RITES - TRUCK SCALES INCUBATORS
Furniture Department
FOR SALE—Desirable property for building in the Village of Campbell’» Bay. Apply to Reman Imuo, Ladysmith, Que.
FOR SALE—A number of pure bred white leghorn hen*, one year old. Apply to Mrs. Harry Belmiku, Yarm, phone 25*2.
hind him in
iH
this
Bed Room Suites Fancy Chairs End Tables, etc.
•ibility.
Dinning Room Suites
Breakfast Suites Kitchen Chairs
the RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED RENFREW ONT.
ST.JOHNS P.Q.
SUSSEX N.B.
REGINA SASK.
Several good used Separators to clear
at reasonable prices

Clarendon Circuit Rev. N. T. Holmes, Pastor
11,.00 a. m.—Communion »emce
at Radford
3 00 p. m. at Bristol
7.30 \\ m.—Service at Yarm
Rev. A. D. McLean *ill be guest preacher at Yarm
Bristol Memorial Church Presbyterian
1 lev. Wallace MacKinnon, B A.
11.00 a. m—Rally Day Service
FOR SALK — Comb rtal le 5 room house, cement block teneur, un Lot 00 X 120 feet. App'y to Mrs. Mary Fades, Campbell'* Bay. Que.
LEO R. KEON
Communion services
FOR SALE—One 14 h. p. Portable Steam Engine, in good condition. Apply to Linden Qua ilk, Otter Lake, phone 28 22.
DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE
McKee • Quebec
I
r



FOR SALE—One brown mare colt rising 2 years old; one gelding rising 4 years old. grey, well br k^n double or hing’e, App'y to Jc hn Wh kens, R 3,
Shawville.
I
V
For Beautiful
Wilson’s Garage
Bristol United Church Lay Minister :—Mr. Leslie Dean
11.00ft. m.—Service at St. Andrews 2.15 p m— Sunday School 3.00 p. m.—Service at Knox
Service at Austin
Cemetery Memorials
Country Club Pork and Beans, 3 tins Record Tomatoes, 3 tins for.......
29c
Tl)e Same Reliable Serviee
»
25c
Write or phone
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
8.00 p. m.
25c
Aeroxon Fly Coils, I dozen (or
Ford Service
i
-Fish Next Brainiest
Next to men and the anthropoid apes. Director George M. Breder Jr. of the New ""York city aquarium reported, the brainiest creatures in the world are fish of the family Mor-myridae.
Man's brain is about one 50th of his weight. He is closely followed in this respect by the chimpanzee, the orang utan and the gjbbon. Next comes the Mormyrid. For its size, it has more brain than a whale. Its brain, Dr. Breder calculated, ranges from one 52nd to one 82nd of its weight.
Normally, the Mormyrids swim in the Nile river of Egypt. Because of its drooping snout ancient Egyptians called one member of the family the "elephant fish," and made it sacred

A limited supply of Tobacco at the old price.
Phone, 278
Shell Sealed Gas & O'la
See our asserted display.
J. P0 Wilson
Main Street Shawville Quebec
Phone 40
ESTABLISHED 1883
BUY
WAR SAVING STAMPS
COACH
INVALID
Horses Need Worm Treatment
There are still more than 10 million horses and 4 million mules in the United States and, all together, they are worth well over a billion dollars. Scientists say it is exceptional to find a horse entirely free from redworms which destroy intestinal tissues, remove blood and cut off the* blood supply, form cysts, and block the intestines.
GEO. HYNES & SON
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
C/Shawville Oue.


Lt	Salt for Salt Lake
|N 1 Salt Lake City and «Ogden, Utah,
Ei have decided that they want to be-	| ________.
H i come industrial towns, and have just Farm horses are even more heavi-E	about	decided to unsalt part of the	ly infested than town horses. To re-
ét	Great	Salt	lake so that the fresh	move and destroy these worms, Du
**	water	may	be used, together with	Pont chemists advise that recom-
rMrPIrrrrPTrr2^TTTT,xrTTrTTJrrirrTrrirrJTTIrrrrrrrrzririamnnr	native	coal,	to generate power with	mended dosages of phenothiazine
eh t treasures of zinc, 1 '• ad, should be administered, preferably copper and iron, still in the nearby by a veterinarian. .To kill the para-mountains, may be processed at sites in the droppings, before they home.	enter the horse, about 15 or 16
The lake contains from 14 to 25 pounds of synthetic urea per ton of per cent salinity, depending on the feces will do the trick. , However, j water level. It is constantly receiv- since urea and other forms of nitro-ing fresh water from the Jordan, gen which give control outside the Bear and Weber rivers, but the wa- animal are scarce, proper handling >> tors cannot escape, so the minerals and disposal of manure is even more / continue to accumulate until the sol- important than ever.	I %
ids in Great Salt lake are in almost	__________
a saturated solution.
A
Phone 80

i
VVVVV%> vvw
/i


The Hodgins Lumber Co
'
ÎPhE
In Step with Total War Effort"
II
We carry a large stock of
#
Roll Roofing Cement Gyproc
Rock Wool Insulation
you arc obliged more than ever before to handle your affairs carefully.
Paying Your Bills by Cheque
is safkiSi

I

IS
Pass the Shears!
An essential man in his commu- I 4

saves time — saves money provides a record. ^
rity is Pvt. Harold Bracken, of Fort '/ Leavenworth, Kan. Recently he en- ( ^ listed in' Uncle Sam’s army. When S
the Fort Leavenworth
periments on the patient’s sense of Reception Center, he was surprised S smell was described.by Dr. Charles to learn that he was immediately « X A. Elsberg, of the Neurological Insti- to return home on furlough. Seems lute of New York, at the New York that his employer had presented Academy of Medicine. .	army officials with^an affidavit at- x| 9
Dr. Elsberg’s research was based testing the 22-year-old soldier’s pe- *> on the fact that brain tumors press culiar talents and declaring that in- £ on the olfactory nerves, strongly af- convenience and loss to a large num- j >f feeling the sense of smell. - ber of sheep raisers in Nodaway , £ Through his experiments, Dr. Els- county, Missouri, woyid result if he JJ berg found a d «Élite "scent yard- were not granted a furlough. The \ stick,” which he calls the "mini- furlough was granted, and Private JJ mum identified "odor,” known as Bracken returned to Nodaway coun- § MIO, the smallest noticeable amount ly for two weeks, during which he ; of a given substance.	sheared 5,000 sheep I	>
Detects Brain Tumors
A new technic by which the presence of bra in "tumors, their size and location, can be found through ex-
i
YOUR SAVINGS ACCOUNTI
"Voluntary Saving must go on"—By saving as you have never saved before you make a vital contribution to the War Effort and your futureVcurity. Open a saving account with our nearest branch.
J!
ft




BANK of
NOVA SCOTIA
Establish ad 1132 -Over a Century of Service
###PAGE###6###
V
MODERN
ETIQUETTE
Mighty Battleship Launched In U. S.
TAKING rr TO THE PEOPLE
\
P)


By Roberts Los


46,000-Ton Msnof-War Sevan Months Ahead of Schedule
7
*

• 1. What is really! the purpose of a tuxedo, and what is the origin of the word?
2.	When a marriage engagement has been broken, ia a girl entitled to consider the gifts and engagement ring the man has given her as belonging to her?
3.	What kind of invitations are issued for a cocktail party?
4 Should a girl ever send a gift to a man whom she likoe?
5.	isn't an envious person unpopular?
6.	Who usually acts as hostess when a woman's club gives a -luncheon party?


4




/ /

The 4».uuv-ton battleehtp lows, one of the greatest meu-o-war built, slid down the ways of the New York Navy yard last
llllllllllllllllllllDii on ( h s ahead of



A *



t /'
mi

.



f

SB



week, seven schedule.
Launching simple and brief, because of wartime restrictions and the neceaelty of causing the least Interference to Important work In progress on other vessels.
She was the first of all superbattleships to be launched. Five more—New Jereey Missouri, Wisconsin, Illinois and Kentucky—are being built— other shipyards. Iowa's keel was laid on u une 17,

%



V
l
T


ceremonies
4' ^
m




V> â>
W. * i



l





.
t
II
II
V


n

x






11
ANSWERS
1. It is an evening drees for men’s wear on occasions not requiring a formal fulldress suit It comes from the name of a country club at Tuxedo Park, in southeastern New York. 2. No; she should return all of these. 3. These invitations are usually extended over the telephone or by personal contact. 4. Not unless she is engaged to be married to this man, and then the only gifts necessary are at Christmas and on his birthday. B.Yes, always. An old I^atin proverb says, “He who envies another admits his own inferiority.” And of course it is difficult for an inferior person to become popular. 6. The president of the club.
f
i

1910.

880 Feet Long
Most * of Iowa’s specifications secret, out it may be revealed that her main battery will be of 16-inch guns. She Is 880-feet long.
The area of all her decks and platforms Is 8% acres. There are 80 miles of pipe within her, IT for refrigeration end cooling. Fifteen miles of man 11a and wire rope are required. The length of electric cable required to 250 miles, ana it the conductors in the table were laid end to end, they would reach 1.700 miles.
Her generators have a capacity of 10.000 kilowatt hours, or enough electricity for a city of 20.000. On her trial trip, she will displace enough water tc flood 46 acres of land one foot deep.
Because ot »er extreme width and launching weight, four sets of ways were used. The launching required 45 tons ot heavy grease.


i
!, r
I

are
%
r
wows
X
total



on
mmm
Æmk&.
t
_:¦!
I
A
>•*
Taking to the people his unprecedented warning to Congress to curb wages and farm prices or ‘•I will take the responsibility and I will act,” President Roosevelt Is pictured as he made his Labor Pay “fireside chat.” In addition to reiterating the highlights of hie earlier message to Congress, the President declared a second front will be opened.
t
3
Hot ‘Iron Rations'
For British Army
l •
»
HOW CAN I?
Have You Heard?
What Science Is Doing
When a man in the British Army has to resort to his “iron rations” today, he sets off a miniature incendiary bomb and heats himself a can of soup.
The soup trick Is decidedly clever. Sealed In the tin is a small thermite cylinder. A wiok protrudes through the top. When one wants to use the soup, he simply touches a match to this wick, and in a matter of minutes, the soup Is boiling hot.
There are too, of course, condensed rations. In a container about the sise of a sardine tin are packed the needs of a man for 48 hours.
Geography, and the cosmopolitan aspect of the British Array, complicate the problems of the scientiste who are constantly con-
»
Q. How can I remove rust from knife blades if the rust has been allowed to remain for a long time?
A. By sticking the blades upright into an onion and leaving them for some time. l*he blades will then clean with an ordinary scouring.
Q. How can I safely clean oH paintings ?
A. Use warm soapsuds. Wash only a small section of the canvas at a time, and wipe it dry. When the entire surface is clean, go over it with a cloth dipped in linseed oil to prevent cracking.
Q. How can I prevent the breaking of the sewing machine needle when stitching through heavy materials?
A Rub the seams with yellow soap, and the needle will penetrate the goods without danger of breaking.
Q. How can I make a good salad with cottage cheese?
A. Make a chive - seasoned mound of cottage cheese on crisp lettuce, surrounded by pineapple sections, and top with mayonnaise.

Lite In the lonely deeort country around Darwin, Australia, warn summed up last week by an American soldier on hts arrival In Melbourne from the northern outpost: "It's this way, buddy. When you're there a few weeks you find yourself talking to yourself. After that you find yourself talking to the lizards. After another couple of weeks you find the lizards talking to you. Then you find yourself listening "
While a play was In progress a lady turned In her seat and •aid to a man behind: “I hope my hat Is not annoying you?”
"It Is, modem," was the reply, “for my wife want# one Just like K."
CITRUS JUICES—Over a half million gallons of concentrated citrous juices are to be made in Florida by the Department of Agriculture and shipped abroad to prevent outbreaks ol scurvy among ue peoples at war. The concentrated juice in the form of a syrup Is now being put into medicine bottles for the benefit of children
by British pharmaceutical houses. FROZEN EGGS—Frozen eggs are now being packed in cellophane, with an outside overcoat of cardboard to save metal. Heretofore, eggs were removed from the shells, poured Into tin cans, holding thirty pounds each, and then frozen and stored. The tin cane previously used required two pounds of metal each. The cellophane lined containers have no metal at all, except for wire stitching in some instances.
Recall 1920 Prices And Cheer Upl
CHEWING
TOBACCO
When it comes to paying grocery bills, the modern housewife has an easy time In comparison with prices during the post-war year of 1920. Old bills show the following 1920 prices as compared with those of the present day, respectively: 10 pounds of sugar, $2.30, .85; lard, 34 cents pound, 17; molasses, $2 gallon, $1.09; 91 pounds flour, $8, $2.96; bacon, H cents a pound, 46; evaporated milk, 96 cents can, 14; five bare •oap, 60c, 27.
ducting research into food supply. There must be special food packs for men in fighting vehicles, and also for those serving in the A rôtie regions. Widely varying tastes of different races, and oven religious restrictions on diet, must be taken into account
"Nature," explained the lectur-
to make oompen-Por Instance, if a man loses an eye, the eight of the oth
becom
or. "always trt sat Ion.
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS

stronger, and If he goes deaf In on# ear the hearing of the other beoom


FOR HALM
ACCORUIONS WANTED
Silk
has been used to Insulate wire ever since the days of Ben Franklin. Now that Japan is cut off from the world the problem of finding a substitute has been solved by Fred 8. Strauss. Thanks to his Ingenuity a satisfactory mica coated or varnished tape has been developed which is now much In demand. The tape measures less than two-thousandth of an Inch In thickness before it Is processed, yet provides a firm, enduring wire Insulation that can be applied to th* wires of telephones. radios, loudspeakers and motors.
RAYON INSULATORS
Boater, and so on."
"Sure!” said Pat, to hie neighbor, "an' o4 believe he's right, for ol've noticed that when a man has a short leg the other U always longer."
MasseY-HARRI8 corn blowmr.
ACCORDIONS WANTED
Best prices paid for piano accordions, twelve to hundred and twenty basa
THE T. EATON CO. LTD.
Musical Instrument Department
Toronto
with new knives, new feeder. Apply M. Ramage, Lucknow. Out
FOOT BALM


BAUMEEKA FOOT BALM destroy* offensive odor Instantly, lie bottle. Ottawa agent, Denm Drug Store. Ottawa.
Q. How can I relieve the burning of feet?

Magistrate (sympathetically) ! "Could the motorist have avoided you?"
Henpeoked Victim (sadly)l "He could that, your worship. 'E ad the oho loo of Mttlng me or the missus, and 'e picked en me." e

A little powdered tannin or powdered borax shaken into the stockings will work wonders if you suffer from burning feet. Either of these remedies is very soothing.
A.
USED
AUTOMOBILE
• PATENTS

USED CARS WITH GOOD TIRES. See us first Mount Pleasant Motors Limited. Used Car Lo at 1660 Dan for t h Avenue &n_ 2040 Yonge Street; Head Office. 682 Mount Pleasant Road, Toronto. Telephone HY. 2181.
FETHERSTONHAUUH & COMPANY Patent Solicitors. Established 1890:	14 King West Toronto
Booklet of Information on request ____________________


15
PATENTS A TRADE MARKS
BGERTON R. CASK. REGISTERED United States. Canadian. British Patent Attorney. Booklet gratis Established over forty yeara. el Balsam Avenue. Toronto.
Tons of Biscuits
Stored In Britain
BELTING, ETC. FOR TURFS HER.MEN
Johnny heard In cl am one morning an explanation of the dogmas of Communism, Fascism and Nast-lsm. and seemed Interested. "Now, Johnny," said the teacher, when his exposition had ended, "what would you do with all these Isms?"
"I'd make them Into was me, " was hie prompt and wise reply.
BELTING FOR THRESHERMKN. Endless thresher belts, hose, feeder canvas, pulleys, shafting, hangars, bearings, motors. Special—Belting for traces, 2 inch I-ply, 16c foot All types of trane-
pplles in stock for inipment at attractive low prices. Merchandise guaranteed and shipped subject to your inspection. Send your orders to THE YORK BELTING CO.
88 YORK STREET, TORONTO
MEDICAL
Thousands of tons of Britain’s new “welfare” biscuit are being stored away in preparation for a national emergency.
The biscuit has been evolved, after many tests, by British biscuit makers who are now, to the number of 240, united with the sake makers in the Cake and Biscuit Manufacturers’ Wartime Alliance, a non-profitmaking organisation.
The Welfare is a sweet biscuit made from wheatmeal flour, the purest vegetable fat, and the finest grade of sugar. It gives the maximum of nutrition at the lew price of 9d. per lb., and the industry regard it as the best value ever offered to the public.
The biscuits are mainly oblong, for, although the ingredients are standardized, the shapes vary a little so as not to limit produs-tion to a few cutting machines.
They are carefully packed in tins stored in cases of 50 H>s. weight which will preserve them Indefinitely in all climates.
Sopwith Yacht
Joins The Navy
Resident
T K. DeMorest,
Manager at The Lord Elgin Hotel,
ATTENTION!
OVERCOME NERVOUS DISORDERS
mission su: immediate s
Ottawa
Admiration of American yachts-mon was excited by the luxurious yacht Tom Sopwith built to tow back to England his America's Cup challenger, Endeavour II, when she sailed across the Atlantic in 1937 for the last race held for the much coatee ted trophy— which he was unable to wrest from Ranger, skippered by Harold 3 Vanderbilt
Now, as H.M.S, Philante. she le one of Britain’s convoy ships, under command of Lieut. Comdr. H. J. R. Paramore of the Royal Navy. But on her bridge she carries, In the form of a length of towrope, a memento of her exploit In dragging Endeavour II over much the same route.
Her oak-paneled wardroom can seat fifty persons at dinner at one table. The officers' cabins have private bathrooms, divan beds and the fittings of a West End hotel suite, It Is said.
Mr. T. K. DeMorest has been appointed Resident Manager of the Lord Elgin Hotel at Ottawa to succeed Mr. R. F Pratt who has resigned to accept a Federal Government post.
Mr. DeMorest has been associated with the Ford Hotels Company for some time past at Toronto, Montreal and Ottawa. He veteran of the hotel busi-
Anaemia
seem to be rather closely So weak blood means weak and what makes the blood rich builds up and strengthens the nerves. Don't delay send for a box of Morrissey's Nerve Remedy immediately. 75c box of 100 pills IB days treatment. Postpaid. Orford B. Morrissey, Druggist, 537 Main 8L, St. John. N.B.
and nervous disorder»
emed.
nerv
"Wasn’t It Edison that eeld four hour» ef eleep were enough for any man?"
“He
exactly what my baby thlnke."
BABY CHICKS
BRAY CHICKS FOR SEPTEMBER-October delivery should be ordered now, for the breed and delivery date you want. Hatching regularly. Prices reasonable. And you know the good markets calling for eggs and poultry. Bray Hatchery, 130 John St. N., Hamilton. Ont
BAKERY EQUIPMENT
be	right—that’s
must
a TRIAL
EVERY SUFFERER of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Munro's Drug Store. 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
Mother:	"Well, Bobby, what do
you think of your new teacher?"
Bobby:	"Oh, he’e not bad In
himself, but one can’t rely on what he says."
Mother: "Hi w la that?"
Bobby:	"First, he said, ’Two
and two make four/ and then he said, ‘Three and one make four'."
is a
ness, having some 20 years experience in Canadian National and Canadian Pacific hotels. He served overseas with the Canadians in the First World War and lost his right leg in action.
BAKERS OVENS AND MACHINery, also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co* 103 Bathurst St.. Toronto.	__________
JOHNSON'S VETERINARY REMEDIES—Horse Liniment No. 1, IS ounces. $1.25; Ringworm brocntlon 4 ounces. 60c; Stock and Barb Wire Liniment 6 ounces 60c: Gall and Healing Ointment 1 lb., $1.25. Four remedies (one of each) postpaid for $3.6$. Johnson Drug Company, 357A Yonge Street, Toronto.
em
DYEING A CLEANING
HAVE YOU ANYTHING NEEDS dyeing ct cleaning? Write to ue for information. We are glad to
Depart-Works
Irish servant):
Colonel (t*
"This I# going to be a terrible
war, Pat."
photography
Drive oui ACHES
answer your questions, ment H. Parker’s Dye v Limited. 79i Yonge Street, ronto.
DON’T TRUDGE THROUGH
"Sure, It’s going to be a
but It’ll be
Pat:
terrible war, aor, better than no war at all, at all."
To-

The Heat, Italn, or Hell
HAVE YOUR SNAPS
\L
HAIRDRESSING SCHOOL
Delivered by Mall
Any 6 or 8 exposure film perfectly developed and printed for only 26e. Supreme quality and fust service guaranteed.
LEARN HAIRDRESSING THE ROBertson method. Information on request regarding classes. Robertson's Hairdressing Academy, 1S7 Avenue Road, Toronto.
/
Saved From Nazis By Shamming Death
*
.WRITE FOR VOW
ARTIFICIAL
LIMBS
TRESSES
ABDOMINAL
SUPPORTS
A
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
vit


i
Station J. Toronto
FOR SALE
THE
Company Sergeant Major John Thomas Brown, of the 8th Hussars, who has Just been awarded the Military Medal, saved his life and his wounded officer by shamming death for four hours on the desert battlefield, says • Caire report.
He was turned over bf a German officer as he lay oe the
ground.
Brown and his officer were cel o# when the officer's tank broke down, and Brown towed K 1er * miles under enemy fire.
The officer was wounded in the thigh, but Brown waited until the coast was clear and then carried the wounded officer over a mile to

OLD HUGS HEW OVEN NEW
SCARBOROUGH TOWNSHIP — 16 miles from Toronto—160 acres, 2 Houses and 2 Barns. $10,000.0$. Must sell to close estate. Public Trustee, Osgoode Hall, Toronto.
n


HUGS. NEW RUGS MADE FROM old. Dominion Rug Weaving Co pany, 964 Queen 81. W^ Toronto, write for booklet

Z
W
FREE CATALOGUE
iill
RHEUMATIC PAINS
I
FREE! CATALOGUE OF RARE and Exciting books. Rev. Tyrer'e Great Work on Marriage Relations, $2.49. SUPER MAIL ORDER. 67 Queen Street West. Toronto, Ontario.
SAVE* TO 50%
HAVE YOU HEARD ABOUT DIXon # Neuritis and Rheumatic Palm Remedy? It gives good results. Munro's Drug Store. 386 F.IkIb, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
7i
You GIRLS WHO SUFFER

%
*
A
MUSCLE BUILDING
MAPS
Prices is low u
MEN AND BOYS. DEVELOP YOUR muscles and increase strength with an original system. Instruction In muscle building, muscle control, diet. self-defencQ personal hygiene, etc. Complete course only two dollars. 1» Forrlstal. Doctor of Psychology. 26 West Street, Sydney. Nova Scotia.
SEE RUSSIA. GERMANY, EGYPT, Newest world map. 20 x 36, accurate, easily read. Show# na-tlone* flags, date#, places. Important war event#. Also two exceptionally fine pictures, 7 x 12. Gen. McNaugbton (Can. Overseas Commander), Winston ’Churchill. Limited quantities available. Order yours to-day. 26c each, the three 60c. (No stamps). Guaranteed satisfactory. Box IX, Railway Terminal, Toronto.
SK£
¦ of
If you suffer monthly cramps, backache, distress of "Irregularities." nervousness—due to functional monthly disturbance#—try Lydia Z. Plnkham’e Vegetable Compound Tablet# (with added Iron). Made especially for women. They also help build up red blood. Made In Canada.
Master-esde by .killed ( rif'iffltn
9 years.
or yoor eaoeey beeà,
Write For . Catalogue To
m mr
S. J. Dew
* ROYAL CHESTERFIELD CO t
f,mCHM0.40 V fAST,	TORONTO
149 Church St., Toronto
SS Years SetehUeM
ISSUE 38—'42

flr fc
###PAGE###7###

ê
Commentary on Current Events
Fine Wool Cloth Made In Canada
THE WAR - WEEK
Present Situation In Air
Create#* Reversal Of War
VOICE
RUSSIA’S ACE GIRL SNIPER
OF THE
PRESS
100 Percent Canadian WoraV ed la of Superior Quality
aroused speculation In many qaur-tcre. Were the new longhorn her fleet b products of Rueuian factories? Were they American-bulit Flying Fortresses sent to Rush a fla Africa and the Near Bast? On these questions, ae on the location bases whence the bomb Moscow remained filent —let bombs do the talking.
COWS 00 TO WAR In 1939, dairy farmers were pro-rtttoc the people of Great Britain with 760,000,000 gallons of milk. In 1941, In spite of labor shortage and restrictions on Imparted feeding stuffs, they produced 940,000,000. In May last year, In one month, they provided 103,-SSO.vW gallons and now they've beaten even that high level. As a result of this record the ministry of food has been able to announce tly that, unti. further notice, there will be no restriction on the sale of milk. — (Brandon Run)
JEEPS AND BEEPS First we bad Jeeps and now we have beeps. A Jeep weighs mors Mmm two tons but a beep weighs about 600 pounds. It is capable of high speed, uses comparatively nttls gas and can climb an acclivity that would be Impossible for automobile or a truck. The beeps are likely to be highly useful for certain military purposes
being used already in
United States training camps — (Fort William Ttmes-Jouroal)
On tbs night of Bopt ?» 1*40,
planes from Ooertogfe Luftwaffe reported to number 700 bombed London to what Berlin described as the heaviest air raid to history, writes the New Tort Times. They killed 106 persons and wounded 1,100. K warn one of those frantic blows which were to knock England out of the war and destroy the British Empira. Only a miracle ef defense forced the Nails to quit on the verge of victory Today, two years later, the sky above London Is usually serene. But night after night the dark sky over Germany Is filled with hostile planes dropping loads of •¦plosive which Goerlngs fliers of 1940 never dreamed of.
Shadows Over Reich Two shadows stretched across Hitler's Reich last week. One was the shadow of Red Army bombers, striking from the Russian steppes 1,000 miles east of Berlin. The
the now familiar shadow of the R. A. F, reaching out from British airfields 600 miles to the west of the German



With wool taken from Alberts sheep, Canada can now produce worsted cloth which compares with the finest type produced any where, according to experts who have examined samples submitted by manufacturers, says the Hamilton Spectator. Canadian woollen Interests are proud of this ech-levssnent and state that It reprefact which "From the
4
I

LK1
%
%


&
x , 'A



1
of the

era came,
f y
« <
V


No Relief For Germane
This situation to the sir is the reversal of the war. Not



to a concrete
Justifies the claim: sheep’s back to yours, 100 percent
Canadian.”
Tty
greatest
until the war ends will we know
__j has suffered. We what a 1,000-plane raid
it
what Germany
4
For Armed Services
This cloth will not be available to civilians while the war lasts, as the mills are being employed almost exclusively In filling the needs of (he armed services. When a victorious peace has been won, however, woollen men are confident that this all-Canadian product will hold Its own with the best. British woollens, which enjoy a high prestige throughout the world, may not be seriously affected by this competition, as they the entire field of cloths and the range of their weaving Includes almost every type that the ancient art Is capable of producing. As long as Britain has access to Australia's choice wool clip, her markets are not likely to be threatened.
Of Superior Quality
Canadian suit lengths in the past have had to overcome considerable prejudice from discriminating buyers, who usually chose the British product because of Its softness and general excellence, as compared with the hard and wiry feel which often marked the domestic product. The disadvantage from which Canadian cloth suffered lay hi the combing, a process that was not successful. In this country. This lack has now been
and the result is s finished material that redounds to the credit of every group concerned, from the farmers who raised the sheep to the spinners and
who have demonstrated that worsted of superior quality
be made in Canada.
Future For Textiles
Under the stimulus of government help, sheep raising in the Dominion Is becoming an important phase of agriculture, and farmers throughout the country are rearing more of the animal that l« a dual source of profit from wool and meet. It Is interesting to ob-aerve, too, that Alberta is well adapted to this vital porductlon. If the prairie provinces can be need more largely as grazing lande for sheep, the soil’s fertility should soon be restored and the danger of dust bowls removed, it should all make for a balanced
in the West and at
can guess
Cologne means by multiplying
the explosive load dropped on Lon-
—i age by possibly
six. When Russian planes

on
Wr




m-
don two years
five or _	_ .
bomb Koenigs berg, Warsaw, Budapest and Berlin, and British planes bomb Duisburg, say, and Frankfort, Leipzig, Hamburg and Bremen, all In a single week, we
the effect on German mor-considerlng what might
__ happened if the Luftwaffe
had been able to scatter bomba on Edinburgh, Glasgow, Belfast, Birmingham, Manchester, Liverpool and Southampton even while it web punishing London. Every German must know today that there is no relief in sight. All fear that If America can bring Its air force across the ocean such a storm will be unloosed as never broke on any


if* aw



t
can


¦ 5

guess sle by have
f
f

other was


I W	-
•• I
are




or more
cover

capital.
In a emprise attack Soviet planes smashed at Berlin, at the sprawling port of Stettin on the flat shore of the Baltic, at nearer in Warsaw, Danzig and

• «edited with killing 152 Germans with 154 bullets.
HONOR THEM
Look for s email silver badge to the lapels of men, some In nondescript clothing. The badge with
top carries the letters
targets	¦¦¦¦¦
the East Prussian city of Koenigs-berg. In the west Sterling and Lancaster bombers of the Royal Air Force blasted Baarbruecken, coal and steel center of the highly Industrialized Saar Valley, whose inhabitants to 1935 voted to end French control and return to the Reich. Later British planes winged south over terraced vineyards of the Moselle, on up the Rhine to drop destruction on communications center near the Black Forest. Budapest was bombed for the first time, Bremen was hit again.
a crown on
It stands for the Merchant
Navy, and those lads you see wear-tag It are In port after being torpedoed or running cargoes through submarine-haunted seas and dodging dive bombers.
Honor them!
NDIVID
nation.
Air Concentration Urged
It le these considerations which lead certain observers In London
:en’S
rirfey

Man Maurice
n IRWIN .
z
the utmost possible con-
to urge
centration of air power on Germany now. They feel that the air over Western Europe is the sector of the front where Germany is weakest, and the only h-:	>r
where the war can be won or lost in the next few months. They complain of the dispersal of planes on secondary fronts, especially American planes. They deplore the fact that we are still able to operate from England only three squadrons of Flying Fortresses and one of medium bombers. If we followed these critics completely could lose the war on some
front” like Egypt, the South Pacific. They
(Vancouver Sun)
LACKING
¦locution Is a good thing But it doesn't so far enough. It merely
how to speak—
(Hitch-
A Weekly Column About This and That in Our Canadian Army
Karlsruhe,
teaches a man
let when or how long.. soar Record)
Regimental Quarter-Masters store. That record shows just when Pie. John Canuck was Issued with his coat or his battle-dress or his boots. It records the loss by Pie. Canuck of any of his equipment nd passed that information to the Paymaster so that deductions
can be made.
Do we do that in our homes?
In other words are we taking enough care of what we have to enable us to play our part in blocking the Infiltration of inflation forces? Or are we rushing off to the store to buy something dont need because the style
has changed
just plain want it?
I heard an indignant citizen (feminine) say the other day that she saw dresses in a window that "certainly had not been simplified." Sure! Why not? There are still many retailers who have clothes in stock that were manufactured before the simplification orders were made. Are these to
be wasted?
These are the things we must
guard against, money for a new suit or coat into
War Savings, or save it for war taxes — in other words, do as the army does, make what you have last by taking care of it, by buying carefully in the first place.
The Wartime Prices and Trade Board has stated emphatically that the rationing of clothes is not imminent. But that does not mean we should go on buying sprees. It means that we should be good enough soldiers of the Individual Citizen’s Army to ration ourselves.
À suit of battledrese, as the - uniform available to a sol, can be expected to last six month#. If R is eked out by the fcsu* of a cotton drill uniform fci t&e summer the length of time Wore
c
Bombs Talked
British sources called the raids highly successful, reported small losses. Moscow spoke of many fires set by Red airmen. But to military observers the Soviet operations were chiefly Important as proof that Russian bombers can now strike effectively at the heart of the enemy land. The R. A. F. had already reached out to Berlin * and beyond. Now It was Russia h turn. The shadow from the east had met the shadow from the west. Where they merged they blotted out the last German hope of es-from aerial bombs, turned a
overcome
V
•IT IDEA ACROSS TO COWS The milk bonus to farmers may 4o much good. The farmers know about It, the dealers, too, but do
(Niagara Falls
becomes
replacement Is lengthened by a few When, m addition, a sol-la issued with a "walking ant" uniform to wear in the fall winter months the battle-be expected to last at
*~^WhaMs ^ that about? You
the cows know?

vers
Review)
we
ean now
"secondary
MAKING REDUCTION ¦nglieh wives are starting a campaign for an equal share of theta* husbands’ pay envelopes.
^PÜ
China or forget that Russian planes v, ,,« .1 bombing Berlin were possibly
In England. Never-
I
are
built here or theless, there Is much merit in
their contention. There is no doubt unwise dispersal of our own
What moderation
IVee Preee)
Just that when you are cloth-or equipping an army you of durability, utility, and public purse. The main idea fa to give each soldier everything fa» needs — but nothing more
than that HHHpHIjHHPH
Which la a good target for us
eoldiers in the Individual Citizen's Army to aim at. In other words, let’s buy only what we need and
preserve what we have.
There are many organizations to the Army charged with seeing that soldiers have everything they need, that they take care of what they have and that what is no longer usable for its primary purls salvaged for some other
We have dealt, from time to with the Ordnance Corps, the “Q", or Quartermaster-General branch and the Royal Canadian Army Service Corps but so we haven't got down to housekeepers of the different
units
These "housekeepers" Quarter-Master Sergeants. There are two varieties, Regimental Quarter-Master Sergeants and Company Quarter-Master Sergeants. I nearly forgot the top man, the Quarter-Master who is the responsible commissioned officer hi each unit.
The unit organization is: Quartermaster, a commissioned officer, who is usually a Captain; R.Q.M.-&, a warrant officer, second class and a Squadron, Battery, or Company Quarter-Master Sergeant who is the senior non-commissioned officer of the company ranking next below the Company Sergeant-Major.
These men function as a supply service for the unit and are responsible for obtaining all arms, clothing, equipment and rations for the pneit in their care. But, and this is a big "but", they are aim responsible for the maintenance and return of those articles or for a satisfactory explanation of clearance of them.
Thus, through this chain of responsibility, the people’s purse la watched, care is taken of the people's property used or worn by the soldiers and provisiona is made -through the chain of responsibility
__for the collection and return to
the Salvage Branch, R.C.O.C., of used or worn articles that can be repaired or otherwise salvaged.
"If it's good enough for the Army, ifa good enough for the taxpayer." TTiat would be a good motto for us to adopt. Then, «aversely, "if it’s good enough for the taxpayer, it’s good enough far the Army," must be true, too.
That refers to material things. As regards the preservation and eonaervation of material things the Army can show the rest of us
the way. # L i | fe SL
A full record of everything issued fa kept in the Company and
we
or because we
AGE OF CHIVALRY
Or courtesy, 1942-model: A man
giving up his
some
air power and of British sir power. It is probable that too many of our planes are either immobilized at sleeping fronts or not put to their most effective use. There should be a stern reallocation. Every ounce of power that can be brought to bear on Germany s flank should be flying in to
&
cape
one-front war into all-embracing from the air. The fact lent
t to the bus to a woman who la taking his Job av- a> from him. — (Windsor Star)
war
weight to Moscow’s warning that "long nights of terror” lie ahead
CURE FOR AILMENTS
H you get out and work to pay
r atl-
for Germans.
The Russian aerial operations appeared to be on a scale comparable with heavy R A. F. raids
The achievement
toe doctor, \\ may cure y
(Calgary Albertan)
•1»
open the attack.
men is.
of the past.
farm economy the same time ensure a good fu-for the Canadian textile In-
Rockefeller Center, in New York, fa the largest privately-owned business and entertainment center in America.
Can Now Order Peace-Time Homes
United States Has Wild Meat Supply
Turn that spare
tore
duetry.
How would you like to order
home now, along
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
You’ve been hearing about this Incipient meat shortage?
Well, just in case It comes, na-asststed by the federal forestry service — has cached away
rations in the
your peace-time with that car or those tires yon probably intend to get when they
become available ?
In Britain they’re making plans
for 4,000,000 houses to be built
after the
tur
some emergency eastern woods.
The annual* big game surplus in of Helena, Mont., could
n
f/
%
when the time come

far
the
war.
ti

The Ministry of Health says they’ll be built along the lines suggested by the people who will
live in them.
The Ministry has been collecting ideas from the public to help it decide what type and size are wanted, and how they will be outfitted.	.	.
To double-check against the
public’s whims, it will issue a booklet of architectural drawings based on public suggestions, thus giving everyone a chance to complain about features he thinks were omitted or should have been
omitted.
the area
feed 5.000.000 soldiers for months without touching the basic herd stock, federal officials esti-

two

t
are the
8
9

mate.
The surplus in Montana, alone, could supply 2.300 tone of dressed meat annually, releasing sufficient
. and pork to feed
than 340,800 soldiers for
Huns Stop Work
For Civilian Uses
<i!
/
ï

beef, mutton
'i
U
Fritz Sauckel, Nazi high com- I missioner for the employment of | all labor, has announced that all
industrial production for civilian purposes in German - occupied countries must cease immediately, an Exchange Telegraph despatch from Zurich said recently.
Only factories supplying the German army and the German civil and military occupation authorities will be permitted to
operate.	.
Working hours in the occupied
countries have been increased to 54 hours weekly and a decree subjecting workers in the occupied countries as well as foreign workers in Berlin to "the most severe military discipline" has been enforced, the Exchange Telegraph report said.________________
w
more
ore month, says State Game harden J. S. McFarland.
This surplus represents the normal annual increase in elk, deer,
would


kÀ
%

y
csa
%
l
/
Z
1
%
X

1
bear and antelope, and
the herds at normal size for
' l V

%
%
leave reproduction.
Should an extreme food emer-arise, McFarland figures the herds could be cut in


%

;


Sept. 1939

gency stocker
half to release enough meat from thifl state, alone, to feed well over 920,000 soldiers for one month. And there would -till remain
untouched flocks of wild
moose,

%
aa
!
At 5:20 am. Friday, Sept. 1, lone German bomber raid-Polie-h air base on Bel Penin-


1939. a
as?

ed a _	, .
sula, and with mounting violence
toward War-
m

I
vast sheep,
grizzly bear, birds and fish—potential food for thousands more soldiers and civilian*, all protected by the forestry service.
the Nazis ewept on
Two days later Great Brit-
and France entered the con-normal declarations of


mountain goats,

/>
%
saw.

z//y
ain



w.td»r
flict with war on Germany.

care,
"Know anything about fixing a
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Fair Enough
WELL,IF YOU COME DOWN A LITTLE I'Ll COME DOWN A LITTLE !
SWAN. U
THINK I SLEEVE -, THAT*.—"
t
whaY does jour mom
GIVE YOU FOR yOUR WEEKLY SPENDING . ALLOWANCE ?

BETCHA MILLION
DOLLARS 1 DO.'
HOW MUCH DO YOU GET?
haw-haw
ME

FIFTY
CENTS

©
V

7
r
I) X

o


i#
4/
tv
4$


j

<
«U

%


###PAGE###8###
%
«
$1,000. Realized in Stamp Sales
Mrs. Clarence Hayes Dies at Community Hospital
The community was saddened, lust week when the death of Mnt Clarence Hayes was known to have taken place at the Pontiac Community Hospital on Thursday afternoon after a bilef illness. She was II years of age. She was born at 4 teen lay. Que., her maiden name being Ada Kthelyn tireen-é lay, daughter of Wm. S Green la y and the late Mrs. Greenlny.
She received her éducation in the Public and High schools of Wind-and later graduated as a teacher from Mai Donald college. For three years she taught school in Clarendon town-hip, and in 1U*27 was married to Clarence Hayes, and they made their home on <iis farm on the Portage road.
She is survived by her husband, one son, Irwin, three daughters,
Elaine, Madelon and Doris, till at
home; her father \V. S, Greenlay, of Greenlay. Que; two brothers, Irwin Greenlay. of Windsor Mills, and Corporal Walter Greenlay. of the R.C A.F. at Trenton, Ont.; and one sister. Mrs. John Lowry, of Richmond, Que.
The late Mr>. Hayes was a member of the Clarendon Womens Institute. Hut her church wa> her chief interest outside the home. She was a member of the Shaw ville United Church, was particularly active in Sunday School, taking her place teacher and organist when required, and very faithlul in her attendance She was also a mem her of the United Church W. M. S. She will be sadly missed both in church and home life.
The funeral was held on Sunday afternoon, and was one of the largest seen in this community in years, many being unable to get into the church. Her pastor, Rev, A F. Pokes spoke comforting words from Rev. 11:13, “I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me. Write, blessed are the dead which die in the Lord, yea, saitb the spirit that they lest from their labors and their works do follow them.” The choir sang a< special number “Does Jesus Care? and the hvmns were “Nearer my God to Thee , In Emmanuel's land” and “Futever with the Loid.' Interment was made in the Maple Grove cemetery, the pal! beam* being, Harry, Vincent, Kennrth and Haioid Hodgin* Clarence Brownlee and Hazelwood Elliott.
Beautiful floral pieces were received from the following: —
Family; Mr. W S, Greenlay and family; Shaw ville United Church; No. 1 tnd 2 machine crew, Canada Paper C sor Mills, Que.; Mr, and Mrs Sterling Allott, Sherbrooke; Mr. and Mrs. Harold Hodgins and family; Teacher and pubils of No. 5 School ; Mr and Mrs. Arthur I)agg and family; Mr and Mrs. Vincent Hodgins and family; Clarendoe Institute; Mrs. Carey and Armanella; Mr. Jack Tolhurst; Grades 8 and 9, Shaw ville High School; Mrs. R. H. Elliott and family; Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Brownlee and family; Mr. and Mrs. Ken Hodgins; Mr, and Mrs. Harold Hayes: Mr, and Mrs. \V, J. Hayes and family; Mr, and Mrs. J. L, Hodgins; Mrs Margaret Baker; Mrs. Marshall Hodgins; 1». G. Anderson and family; Rev, W. E. Hamilton and family
AeW	Ponltrv Feeds
During the past month the War Saving» Committee has carried on a drive for the sale of war savings stamps with eight teams of young ladies dressed as ! ! • ' !
The campaign closed Saturday evening and the secretary, Mr. Mar Lean has announced that total sales amounted to 51000 00
The highest sales were made by Miss Ina McDoweU of SSI5.50 and Miss Margaret Dagg of #196.75 making a total for their team of #41125.
The next highest were Miss Ruth Hodgins with #98.60 and Miss I va Cotie with #90.25.
On Tuesday evening complete reports were given at a meeting held at the home of Mrs. K. J. Tracy and the four highest received prizes from the secretary of the campaign.
Mrs. A. Draper was the convener of the young ladies-sale force.
M iss Canada " on
FOR HEALTHIER BIRDS - BETTER EGGS!
/Say/ X
JTHESE FUL ÙRfA EGG MASH Ptutrn SURE BOOST j EG6 / HfooucnoN rv
# Quaker makes another new and exciting improvement in Poultry Feeds by the addition of a Vitamin Boost to the famous Ful-O-Pep line. This Vitamin Boost is made up from cereal grass. Nature's richest vitamin combination, and other vitamin-rich sources. After lengthy tests at the Quaker experimental farms it has proven to be of great importance. Increased egg production, livability, baby chick production and hatchability. Vitamins too, help to maintain resistance to disease and produce strength and vigour in the flock. Take advantage of the many benefits that Ful-O-Pep Poultry Fcêds offer (
Pep Feeding Plan and reduce your feeding costs and in turn increase your profits from the flock.
SOI
1

X
tep/ahd THOSE FULOPEP
SUPER GREENS PELLETS SURE W KEEP A GAL HEALTHY/
X
use the Ful-O-
• se
Pilot Officer Gordon Strutt Missing
INQUIRE ABOUT THESE NEW VITAMINIZED FUL-O-PEP POULTRY FEEDS TODAY!
The casualty lists of the R. C. A, F, published on Thursday last contained the name of Pilot Officer Gordon S. Strutt reported as “Missing while on active service'. Letters from the squadron to which P. O. Strutt was and attached, tell that on August 6th, he the and his crew took off for patrol duty over the North sea with their bomber plane, and failed to return. Since that time no word has been received by headquarters as to w hat had happened to them,
P, O. Strutt was born in Clarendon township near Shaw ville in the year 1917, the son of .Mrs. Strutt and the late Herbert Strutt.
He was educated in Shaw ville schools and took a particularly high standing in his work, -passing his matriculation at 16 years of age.
Two weeks after the war broke out, he enlisted in the R.C.A F. at Ottawa, and at first was assigned to ad minis trative duties. Later he was transferred to the Hying course, and received train-% ing at the airports af Regina, Hamilton and Saskatoon, at the latter place he | received his wirg< in the winter of 1941. ! In June of the Mme year he left for | overseas, and has been in a number of bombing raids over Germany, and later was transferred to pat ml duty, fir^t off Wales, then S • »tl*nd While nn patrol worth of Ma>, h s sunk a submarine.
X

SURE , HOPE THE BOSS STICKS TO
FUIOPFP A
FEEDS! Æ
Ful-O-Pcp Egg Mash
Ful-O-Pen Super Greens Pellets for Poultry
Ful-O-Pep Breeder Mash
Ful-O-Pep Super Greene Hatching Concentrate
Ful-O-Pep Chick Starter Ful-O-Pep Growing Mash Ful-O-Pep Developer Ful-O-Pcp Broiler Mash Ful-O-Pep Turkey Starter Ful-O-Pep Turkey Grower
X
as
FOR SALE AND RECOMMENDED BY
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
AUTHORIZED QUAKER FEED DEALERS
Main Street
Telephone 126
PUBLIC NOTICE
Race Track Results !
Z.ZIXV
o —
Vulcanizing
The Navigable Waters Protection Act
R, C. S. 1927—Chapter 140
Gatineau Transmission Company, and ^ George Prendergast tV Walv« in the the Hydro--Electric Power O-m mi scion Claude Young p'aue sigh’vd and <>f Ontario hereby give notice that they , Clive Smart In a similar en-j have, under Section 7, of the said Act, counter a month later, his plane ! deposited with the Minister of Public attacked and sunk a second submarine; Works at Ottawa, and registered in the proving the same by a number of snap- offices of the District Registrars of the shots taken by the planes observer. Land Registry District ot the County These pictures weie later published in a of Renfrew at Pembroke, Ontario and of number of English and Canadian the Land Registry District of the County papers	of Pontiac at Campbell’s Bay, Quebec.
This exploit was brought to the a description of the site and the plans of attention of the headquarters at Lon- an overhead electric power line crossing don, and he was cited in despatches for over the Ottawa River between Lot 21 A, his success,and on August the 1st was Concession IX, Township of Rosa, given his commission while on active County of Renfrew. Ontario, and Lot
26A, Range II, Township of Litchfield,
Just six days after this his plane set County of Pontiac, Quebec, and Ciatin-out on its last trip and failed to return, eau Transmission Company hereby give The relatives of P. O. .Strutt are his notice that it has, under Section 7 of mother, two sisters, Miss Clara Strutt, the said Act, deposited with the Minis-of the local High School, and Miss ter of Public Works at Ottawa and reg Verna Strutt, of the Bank of Nova istered in the office of the District Reg Scotia staff. Shawville; three brothers, istrar of the Land Registry District of Kenneth, of Clarendon. Lac Arthur (he County of Pontiac at Campbell s Strutt, of the R.C.A.F. Victoria, B. C\, Bay, Quebec, description of the site and and Clifford, of Du parquet. Que,	j the plans ot an overhead electric power
P 0. Strutt was of a quiet nature: line crossing over the Ottawa River but was exceedingly popular with his | (Calumet Channel) between Lot many Shawville friends. Many letters Range II, Township of Litchfield, Conn-Frfim	and L-'t 2 South
Well known throughout the I ^ chaplains, attest to his popularity Township of Grand Calumet, County of
Pontiac I bia fellow fliers.	Pontiac, Quebec.
And take notice that after the expira tien of one month from the date of the first publication of this notice, Gatineau Transmission Company and the HydroElectric Power Commission of Ontario will, under Section 7 of the said Act, apply to the Minister of Publie Works at his office injbe City of Ottawa for approval of the said sites and plans, and for leave to construct the said overhead electric power line crossing''.
Dated at Ottawa, Ontario, this 29th day of August, 1942.
The Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario.
Friday Sept. 18th Farmer s Race
1 2 1 2 1 2 3 3 3
We have just installed two small Vulcanizers and can now repair minor breaks on your tires and large rips in tubes. Let us attend to all your tire troubles.
2 18 Class
Lord Durham, J. H. Proud foot Arthur Oration, E, Davis Ray Evans, A G. Proud foot Logan McKillup. J. D Rollins Time 2.10J 2 10 2.13
Saturday Sept. 19th Classified
Riy Evans, A. G. Proud foot Doug G rat too, T. N. Cecile
Chas Axworthy. J. H. Proudfoot Grace Hall, J. D. Rollins
Time 2.12 2.15 j 2,1
Free • For - All
Pine Ridge Hr be T. N Cecils
Lola G ration, T. E McCool .
Lord Durham, J. H. Proudfoot .
Arthur Gratton, E. Davis
Time 2.7j 2 7 2.8*
Starter, H. J Patterson, Kempt ville
1 1 1
2	2 3
3	3 2
Wind
4 4
1 1 1 2 2 2
§ Try a new McCormic-Deering Cream
Separator now
It will put DOLLARS in your pocket
3 3
service
4 4 4
1 1 1
3	2 2 2 3 3
4	4 4
Hodgins Garage
P. H. McCann, Mayor of Quyon Dies Suddenly
20
iT&rm Construction Work Under County War Boards
The War Production board’s recent order calling a halt to nonessential . construction , has been mailed to the county U. S. department of agriculture war boards who j will assume local responsibility for 1 the execution of the order as its provisions affect farmers and handle all farm construction applications.	|
Construction will be recommended by war boards only when it is absolutely necessary to reach agricultural goals, advises Charles A.
Collins of Moorestown, chairman of the New Jersey USDA war board.
This is consistent with the intent of the order, which is to stop unnecessary construction of all kinds, Milk weed, a plant which every-he states.	body regarded as a wortless weed,
County war boards will handle has become a vital defense material, clothes ; repair the ones you tore; all applications for construction on	At a recent conference held at you're likely to be needing those be-
which farmers need approval. In Chicago with Dr. Boris Berkman, ' fore you can buy more, general, this will cover dwelling con- who holds the basic patent on the Those are suggestions from Edith struction costing $500 or more dur- ginning process and the manufac- Berry, clothing specialist, Ohio ing any 12-month period, and any lure of many useful, articles from State university, who says women other farm construction which costs milkweed, It was decided to con- with nimble fingers can have attrac-more than $1,000 during a similar struct a plant in Michigan which live wardrobes without buying many period.	calls for the processing of about a new garments.	*
After the county USDA war board	million pounds of milkweed floss. It
approves a farmer's construction	is estimated that growers in that
application, it is sent to the state	region will be paid about $200
USDA war board where it is acted	for their first year’s crop of milk-
upon by a committee. If approved weed. „
by this group, it is forwarded to the It has been indicated that finan-administrator of Conservation Order cial assistance will be available L-41 of the War Production board at from the navy department ?for the Washington, where final action is construction and the operation of taken on the application.	this new defense industry.
Farmers who wish to make pur- The fiber, it is reported, can rechases of materials for exempted	place kapok, which has been im- ..	...	...	.	...	.
construction from dealers who may	ported from Java, Ceylon, the Dutch	necklines	filled	with	lace or
be reluctant to sell materials be- East Indies, and lands now con- fa°ric	refitted shoulders or
cause they lack information about quered or menaced by the spread of ^rmscyes, changing waistlines, the order or other causes, should Jap invasion.	I streamlining skirts, and reshaping
attach to their purchase orders the In experimental tests it has been sleeves are tasks v^nthin the ability following statement: “I am familiar found that one pound of milkweed mos* womcn. The cost of these with the provisions of Conservation floss has enough buoyancy to sus- •chailh'v^ can he kept down, and the Order L-41. The materials will not tain 50 pounds of weight and that a rem' deled garment will have a be used in connection with restricted life jacket containing two or three v an^e<* an<* Pleasm£ appearance, construction.’* This will cover con- pounds of floss will hold up a man in Remodeling jobs that involve rip-struction started before April 9, the water for some 100 hours.
1942, material for repair and main- The first year or two nothing but the fabric, and recutting the Cloth tenance, farm dwelling construction wild milkweed will be available for require more experience in sewing, costing less tan $500, and other this new factory, but it is hoped that The work becomes more difficult if , farm construction costing less than plantings will be made and the weed the fabric is worn in spots so allowS | $1,000 during a 12-month period. .cultivated.	ances have to be mode for this con-
r*	dition in recuttiog. -
Ottawa Valley and in Comity, Peter Hanna way McCann,
57, for the past 10 years mayor of Quyon amt Independent candidate
for Pontiac in the 1935 Quebec I	Air-Conditioned Baby
provincial election died suddenly When a baby is both healthy and in Ottawa General Hospital at 1.35 comfortable, it is usually a “good” p m. Tuesday, Sept, ljtli. Death baby even when summer days are
msd imm
was rushed by ambulance from haby has his picture taken. When Quyon, to Ottawa. He was maximum comfort comes with the admitted to hospital at 0 09 a. in. | minimum of clothes, all that a baby Monday in an unconscious state ! needs to be well-dressed is a diaper, and treated bv Dr. R. S. Stevens, ! Another aid in keeping him cool is Mayor McCann was born in ! to supplement the morning bath Quyon, son of the late James with light spongings several times McCann and his wife, the late during the day. This can be done Elizabeth Hanna way. He receiv I by holding the baby on the lap, or ed his education in Quyon separate j placing him on a towel-covered schools and while a young man table, or in his crib or carriage, went to Alaska as a prospector. Wrap the baby’s own clean wash-He spent 14 years in Alaska, most cloth around the right hand. Dip ot them in r air banks. On his re*	gg
ttii'ii to Quyon he became owner and manager of the Fairbanks Hotel, Quyon, for five years.
After his retirement from the hotel business he was active in real estate and became interested in politics. A Liberal he sought nomination as Independent candi date for Pontine county in the.	„ ^
Quebec provincial elections of 1935.	Rubber From Poinsettia
He was vice-president of the Pon- Millions of poinsettias grp wing in tiac County Liberal Association ! Queensland, New South Wales and for 14 years, ami chairman of the! other parts of Australia may be a St Mary’s Separate School Hoard ! source of rubber. An Australian for 10 years. For two years he | company has already obtained rub-tvas warden of Pontiac County. her from poinsettias and has ac-Mr. McCann married the former quired large quantities for pressing Annie ( raig, of Quyon, who sur- and extraction, it is said. A small vives also a daughter. Lois, of bottle of sap received from a New
the Hank of Montreal staff, Quyon; South Wales farmer produced 10 per one son, Lester, also at home
Another son, Keith, died eight years ago. Also surviving is a stepson, Gilmore Do we, of the Hank of Montreal, Quyon, and a sister, Mrs. Andrew La see 11 es, of Ottawa.
The funeral which was largely attended, was held on Friday morning from his late residence, to St.
requiem high
was made in Pontiac cemetery
Chevrolet
Sales
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
I
J. L. HODGINS
Phone 64-J.


Investigators Find That Milkweed Is Defense Need
Nimble Fingers Obtain z
Attractive Wardrobes
Woman, woman, save those
Osborne Mitchell,
Secretary.
Gatineau Transmission Company
John il. Rinks, Secretary.
tXXXVXXXXVXXXXXXXX3*3fcXXXXX%
DURATION LEG DO
into cool sudsy water, and squeeze out until the cloth does not drip. Then wipe lightly over the baby’s body. Rinse off, and pat the baby dry. Do not rub, as this stimulates circulation and makes the infant uncomfortable.
Hill
, The pertinent questions to ask . when considering the remodeling of , clothes are whether the seamstress has the time and skill, how much ' the remodeling will cost, and , whether the completed garment will be satisfactory. Most women will be content with changing the minor details of garments to give them a freshened appearance.
I New collars, recut necklines,
i
mu
is a new sensational leg tint. The perfect substitute for sheer hosiery. Will not rub off or spot in the rain,
45 cents
cent pure rubber after the moisture content had been removed. It is thought that if the method proved commercially valuable poinsettias could be grown like sugar oene. Tests also are being made on skeleton weed, also known as gum sue- ! cory, which has been regarded as a noxious weed but which has a f | sticky milky sap with a definite I rubber content. It has been used for rubber in Russia.
¦ i

THE CORNER STORE
ping out the old garment, cleaning
Estate Mrs. M. G. Howard
Main and Centre Sts. SHAWVILLE
i
Church, Quyon nines. Interment
i

