###PAGE###1###
f
gfe


t $1.50 pop annum In Advance j 2.CO to the United biau»»

THURSDAY, MAY 29th,	1941
SHAWVTLL5, n NTIAC COUNTY, QUE:
No. 48. 58tu Ykak
GOWLING
BUSINESS
Auction Sale-By order of the Executors, W. (J. tinlsnell will sell
°n Hamilton^ a dan,.Her.	I	ttdd aiSdSi-
A meeting of all the member»	*	ed, but not for the benefit of the
of the committees of the Canada	ENGAGEMENT	C.P.A S.f No. 1
Victory Loan for Pontiac County,	—	The Board of Directors at a rein being held in the Court House,	Pokes-Black ADAR	cent meeting decided that this
Campbell's Bay on Friday evening Rev. and Mm. A. F. Pokes mu Lhould bean All Pontiac Event to at 8 00 p. m All members are noimce the engagement of their start a fund by which Pontiac urged to be present.	only daughtei, Lori aine to Donald cou|<j supply “One of the Tools" so
?----- William, only son of Mr. and Mrs. urgently needed to “Finish the
Guy Blackadar, Weymouth, N. 8. Job.”
Marriage to take place in Shaw Proposed program and informa-
u'""d u",u* SSTKSW'TStiSS
Wool growers as foliowu	I	--------—	|slioitly.
Quyon—Monday forenoon, June 2.
Shaw ville—Tuesday June 3rd, all day.
PUBLIC CELEBRATION KING’S BIRTHDAY, SHAWVILLE FAIR GROUNDS, MONDAY JUNE 9th
J
im
BORN
m
e
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
tor ourswe or ms we ose
*
—
3
Thisold reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most moder n in Ontario Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year

I
M*
%
I
r
i
Wool Loading
W. E. COWUMC, Presiden
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
i
#
%

I
sew
JAMES A. MILLAR
B. A.. L. L.fc.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.

PERSONAL MENTION
TTLOWS on evenly and dries hard P without brush marly. Will not crack, peel or chip from knocks, heat, coffee, alcohol, or other spilt liquids. Gorgeous colors. Brilliant high gloss.
MARRIED
. Miss Beverley Masson spent the week end with her sisters in Montreal.
129 Main St.,Hull,Que.
Hodgins— Hornkb
Canadian War Loan
At Moyle's Hotel, Ca mpbell’i ay every Wednesday morning j
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday at Noon
A very quiet and pretty wedding was solemnized on Tuesday. May 20th, in the United Church Manse
InsSlUi !	I lÉSfÉp
of Churchhill, etc. Get out your spent the week end with her par- the bride of Leslie VV arr*n Horner
flags and show them—let the town ents, Mi. and Mrs. Harry Hobbs. eldest son of Mr. and Mrs. John
z. Wsssœ*
"•	11 Miss Noreen Shore, ot Ottawa, wore a corsage of sweet heart rosea
Mr. Henry Douglas a tut Ins brute s|)enf. tj,e week-end at the home of She was attended by Mrs. VVinson the former Miss V iolet Dougherty, |lev mother, Mrs. T. Shore, in town. Hodgins, of South Porcupine, Ont. were the guests of honor at a stir-	who wove a dress of navy blue
prise party and miscellaneous Miss Gwen Hodgins, of Ottawa. 1 )e	matching accessories
shower held at the home or the I spent the weekend with her par- an(frt corsage of sweefpeas. bride's parents, Mr and Mrs. W.J. ents* Mr. and Mrs. R W. Hodgins v \Vinson Hodgins supported Dougherty, at Caldwell, on Tues	Eve|yil Dale, of Ottawa, the groom as best man.
t»» Pr.-e.nt. %
to extent congratulations. During J"K uo	| South Porcupine,
the evening. Mrs, Wm. Orr, jr,	.	-
read an appropriate address, while Mr. Ernest Cole, of the local staff the very lovely collection of gifts of the Bank ot Montreal, visited were presented in a gaily decorat* his parents in Verdun for the ed basket by the little Misses Joan | holiday.
Glenn and Margaret Grant,
Mr. and Mrs. Douglas expressed their gratitude in words befitting the occasion.
Dainty refreshments were served by the ladies present.
Miss Marguerite Wharry, 11. N.f
is visiting friends in
\
The campaign to raise $ 6,000 „_j throughout Canada as a loan I of. Ottawa to win the war starts on Monday | town this week June 2nd
000
.
•ft
As this is to be an in
04
HARLAND C. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
;

Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Sha wville. Que.
'SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
Estate C. J. Caldwell f-
i

I
J. OSCAR LAP LA MME, K.C.
Advocate Barrister,! Solicitor,ate,
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
I
Ï
I
I
LADIES’ SPORT TOGS

DONAT Le GUERRIER

B. A., L.L.B
Douglas—Dougherty
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC

A pretty wedding was solemniz-Miss Margaret Young, of Otta- e<t at Bethel Pentecostal Chttreb, spent the week-end with her Ottawa, at 7.30 o’clock Saturday
and Mrs. Robert evening, May 17th, when Violet,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. XV. J,
sgiss-s ilSSSfiS
John Lestei.	The bride was attended by her
Corp. Douglas McDowell, and	Miss Hazel Dougherty, and
Pte Eric J add, of Ottawa, -pent the groom was supported by Ids Contributions earmarked *• spe- the past week-end at their res pec- brother, Mr. William Douglas, citied donations " received by the tive homes in town.	Bride and bridesmaid were dre»s
week, which also shows in detail Mr. ami Mrs. Louis Moore, of ^t. Andrew Street, the various purposes for which the Dmmmondville, Que , were recent Mr. and Mrs. Douglas have taken money was used.	. guests at the home of Mr. and Mrs. up residence at 343 Bell Street,
Of the total of $130,4541 received Ooldwin McDowell.
LWÎ,B™ Fuke. =f
“HBtidBBlfbm. ïS,Sr“' B”v- i SSAtt18" "
leasene
m&m
iü na i»i
ilpiss iüEl iüiü
¦a |ii—"
their families. Of this $ 8,825 a L. Hodgins.
balance of $ 1,730 remained at Dr and Mrs. Jack Kirkland, of December 31st, 1040,	Larder Lake, Mr. and Mrs
The remaining specified dona- Kenneth Phillips and daughter, atioiis all of which have been Margaret, of Cornwall, Mr. and forwarded to national office for Mrs. A ^Olmsted and children, of administration include the follow- Aylmer, were recent guests at the ing : —	home of Mr. and Mrs. Austin
Finnish Relief, $ 18,000: Refugee McDowell.
mm
J
See what we are showing in Ladies
and Girls’ Sport Wear

Wft
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with by correspondence
a rents. Mi
Ç
%
I
ou» g
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, -2219
Canadian Red Cross Quebec Division
Flannel Sport Jackets
Mannish styled Flannel Sport Jackets and stripes made up to suit all types, very fashionable for Summer wear $5.00
Also the new Red and Blue Military style, ,$4.50
¦

Checks
196 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot Hotel, Campbe. Bay every Tuesday >t Noon.
At Pontiac House, Shawville every Tuesday Evening.
4


-j
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
Ottawa
Blouses
Smartly styled spun rayon blouses, the new striped models, short sleeves in shades of blue,
rose,(grey, etc. Special at $1.95
Cotton shirt waist blouses, well tailored pink, yellow, blue and green, 85 cents.
Phone 81
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
in white
609 Drummond Medical Building

Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE PLATEAU 63 8 8
>*


V
OH- WALLACE J.W. HODGINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St.Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.1

Summer
Sweaters
/
BELAIR 3 257
Short and long sleeved Cardigans styles and color combina-
H K. NEILSON, M.D.
many
lions, always serviceable.
Eye Ear, Nose Throat Specialis
INO
180 METCALFE STREET
- ONT.
A /
1C
$1.95 and $2.50
0
OTTAWA,
pose
kets
PHONE, .2-7961*
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
Skirts
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
ONTARIO
SCIENTIFIC ETE EXAMINATIONS
specialist on all visual and musculareye defect
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist
Plenty of new numbers, genuine Alpine cloths, grey, blue, black, brown, etc, Stylish swing and
flare models, $2.95
OTTAWA
i
i
MY SINCERE THANKS
Reg. Optometrist
Women’s Sport Oxfords
New color combinations in blue, sand and white, Ideal for everyday wear,
To my many friends and customers of Shaw ville and vicinity whose patronage. I have enjoyed during my nine years in business. After much consideration I have disposed of my business to A. Pgggggjijggf Renfrew, Out wh-have been known for ipnlity. service and values in the Mdh’s and Boy’s wear field for almost fifty years. I bespeak for my successors, your continued patronage and support.
At this time I give notice that all out standing accounts must be settled at the Shawville Branch of the Bank of Montreal on or before June 15th, 1941.
N. II HORNET
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
Eraser & Son
$1.00 and $1.50 per pair.
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
THE W. A. HODGINS STORE
Quebec
Shawville
1
SHAWVILLE - QUE. j
-
###PAGE###2###

m
&
:
I
V
m
A Great Energy Food
stained with the blood

hands are of thousands of Innocent people. His fanaticism and ruthleseness match that of Himmler and Stretcher . . . U there is anything by which he distinguished himeelf among his fellow-criminals it is the impudence which always made him specially suited to deny his atrocities with an air of offended hon-
British Economist Here to Tackle War Problems


t
Saving Ontario’s Natural Resources


-






Holden corn








esty."


G. C Toner
Ontario Federation of Anglers
and Hunters (No. 42)
THE BULLFROG

Still With Hitler?
Otto Strasser, leader of the antiHitler Black Front group, and perhaps one of the beat-qualified men this continent to discuss members of the Nazi top drawer, wrote hie analysis of the Hees affair in a copyright story for the Montreal Herald. Dr. Strasser said he believed that a tremendous trial of strength was at hand between the Army (Ooering) elements in Germon the one hand, and the Hit-




sali rais

II

on
Ontario has a number* of kinds of frogs in its swamps and marsh-os; of these, the most important economically is the large bullfrog. I am sure everyone has heard its deep call note but I am also sure that few people know anything of. its life_ history or habits. The —'other frogs fbu&d in Ontario may leave the water or will often be found in small ponds but the big bullfrog is restricted to lakes, permanent streams and rivers.
The breeding season of the bullfrog is in early summer, usually late June or early July. The tadpoles break from the eggs within several days and are quite small when first hatched, very young tadpoles are black in eolour but as they grow they be-mottled with brown on the
'

P

• • •
i ascend the gangway, is the astonishing thickness of the armor plate. It is not possible to see all of it hut enough is visible to suggest the unofficial estimate of 16 inches is not far wrong.
“On the broad deck you are confronted with one of the colossal quadruple 14-inch gun turrets. Outwardly it is as big as a bungalow. Altogether there are 10 much guns—arranged in one quadruple turret forward and another aft with a double turret to fire
over the forward one.
“To enter one of the big turrets you squeeze through a tiny hatch and are confronted with a medley of machinery more Wellsian than if any H. G. Wells’ fantasy. Within the thick steel walls are levers, dials, tubes, telephones and wires in orderly profusion, and along one side the breeches of the guns.
down inside the turrets
“Next you descend to the very bowels of the turret, where the shells come from, climb down many ladder rungs, past glistening copper tubes and other parts of the hydraulic machinery which turns the turret in action, swiftly and smoothly. They have hydraulic power instead of electric, so the guns could continue moving and firing even if the electric supply failed.
“Inside this cylindrical cavern, when a battle is on, 104 men will work levers and press buttons. If all 10 14-inch guns were fired at the weight of metal hurled from the battleship would be no less than 15,600 pounds. The six forward guns alone can fire 9,360 pounds of shell.
SUICIDE TO ATTACK IT
“Back on deck, one notices the of 5.26-inch high-angle guns
VOICE
any
1er elements (Hess, Goebbels. Himmler) on the other. Hess, becoming aware of this and knowing full well that his life was not worth a pfennig, escaped before the axe fell. In a later interview, Dr. Strasser said: ‘T cannot believe that Hess is now against Hitler. I am sure though he has lost confidence that Hitler con win the war.”
you
THE
O F
PRESS
VOICE OF THE PRESS
TWO LESS THAN ONE
man contemplating , rest assured that not two can live a#
The young
U.S. economy could not function at all on the present basis if Hitler wins the war, warns the British economist, Prof. John Maynard Keynes, who is an adviser to the Bank of England. Here he is as he arrived at LaGuardia Field, New York, with Mrs Keynes after flying the Atlantic in the Clipper. Representative of Sir Kingsley Wood, British Chancellor of the Exchequer, he will study special problems raised by
the Lease-Lend Act.
matrimony can
whether or L cheaply && owe, two certainly pay
less income tax than one.
—Toronto Star.
No. 1 Propaganda Weapon
However diverse the interpretations put upon the multitudinous aspects of the affair, one thing was crystal clear:	as	a propaganda
weapon the flight of Hess to Britain could deal a knockout blow to German morale if used to the fullest advantage by the British.
Furthermore, according to the Canadian military expert, W. R. Plewman, if Hess really had turned traitor he might reveal hidden weaknesses of Germany—such as, say, the impossibiliy of maintaining the present German output of planes; the destruction of shipyards making submarines; the heavy losses at sea of submarines and their crews; the possible early decline of the campaign against shipping; the possible inability of Germany to cope with British bombing attacks on Germany or to crush. Britain by means of night fighters. Diplomatic secrets be
could reveal by the score.
* # *
The
jemm	j——p
back and vary from yellow to cream underneath. From July till the waters chill is not a long period so the young bullfrogs do not transform the first year, they hibernate as tadpoles. Along in August of their second summer they become adult frogs.
Their Food, Enemies Bullfrogs feed on almost anything they can swallow. They have been known to take birds, fieh and mammals. Other smaller frogs are a regular part of their diet, even their brothers and sisters, if they can be caught Crayfish, insects and various other animals of the water make up the bulk of their food. The tadpoles feed on vegetation and such small life as they can catch.
' Bullfrogs have many enemies.
RADIO MENACE
The newspaper
home once or radio is with us always, from the time we get out of he<l until \\4 —¦ back to It. In some respecté the radio has been a great bles* tng. but in others it has proved a curse, destroying agent which its ruthless work on public
morale, on our home life. We must take bad news—but we do not need to take it a dozen times a day.
—Ottawa Journal.
-* goes into the twice a day—the
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events
Was Hess’ Flight Plotted To Fool British Leaders?
go
does
Gingerly you
Held Suspect By Many Prime Minister Churchill’s first reported verbal reaction to Hess’ landing in Scotland (“Yes, the maggot to In the apple”) was interpreted in most quarters as referr ing to a major rift in the Nazi hierarchy which might in time split the whole of Germany in two. Mr. Churchill's remark could also mean that Hess’ undertaking was strong-
“Yes, the maggot is In the apple*»—British Prime Minister Winston Churchill.
The most sensational single event yet to occur in the war between Britain and Germany—the flight of No. 8 Nazi Rudolf Hess to Scotland—last week precipitated a welter of rumor, a turmoil of conjecture, of fantastic reports,
— (
UNDERPAID TEACHERS
Statistics of the Ontario Department of Education show that for the year 1938-39 (latest compilation available) the average salin rural
- of male teachers schools was $823 and the average of female teachers $714 both mal© and female, made as little as $500 a year. Beyond question. as The Ottawa Journal declares. “many rural teachers m this province are shockingly paid when one considers their training and qualifications, the retponsS btlity for which rests upon them.? This 1a one “educational reform” which should be added at once to the list already inaugurated by the department
ary
Some
When they are still in the tadpole stage they are taken by fish, frogs, snakes and birds. After transformation their enemies have a harder time to catch them for they can escape to either land or
far-fetched explanations, topical jokes, among all the people of the
ly suspect.
It seemed phoney to the onetime president of the Norwegian Parliament, Carl J. Hambro, who expressed the view that Hess had been sent from Germany to “fool
“Hess may be a fan-
France Joins “New Order"
The second biggest news story of the week came with the announcement that the Retain government of unoccupied France had approved terms of a “collaboration” agreement negotiated by Hitler and Vice Premier Jean Dai lan. France had now become a part of the “new order” in Europe. The implications of this step, designed, so it was said, “to halt American entry into the war,” would be far-reach-varied and unpredictable. Their first effect undoubtedly would be felt in the Battle of the Mediterranean, east and west.
Events were shaping up rapidly in the Middle East last week. The only hand w h le h remained fully to be disclosed was that of Germany. Most reliable reports in London indicated that the Germans preparing to land a consider-
Anglo-Saxon world. This most incredible development had everybody by the ears. And one and all, sought to decipher what was behind It.
once
we
The most important en-of the bullfrog is man who
England”; ¦¦ atic willing to sacrifice even his life if it could help bring about
emy
takes them in many thousands of pounds each year for the market. These frogs have become quite scarce in many places and at the present time the Game and Fish-Laws protect them during June and July. During these months they must not be taken anywhere in the Province.
The Obvious
Expert opinion differed widely. Among the more optimistic onlookers were the New York Times editors who said, “Whatever he is, Hess Is good news for England. The escape worries Hitler and must spread and deepen the doubts that eat into the heart of Germany.” The Herald Tribune, similarly accepting the most obvious theory—that Hess was a traitor and wanted to help Britain—declared It possible that Hess, “converted for whatever reason, is about to put hie knowledge and the power of his voice Into a crusade against the whole gang with which be rose,” and said the incident “could easily mark one of the great turning points of the war.”
own
the downfall of England.” A former member of the German Reich-
editor of a New York
rows
along both sides of the ship—16 in all—and on a higher level the multiple pom-poms.
“Air attack against ‘K.G.6,’ as the ship is known in the navy, would be a job for the suicide squad, which would encounter a deadlier barrage than from any other vessel afloat.
stag, now magazine was of the same opinion: “Hess is the first missile of poison fired to England by Hitler to start public discussion of peace possibilities, counting on a split within the Nazi party.”
Caution Against Sentimentality The anti-Nazi German-language
Die Zeitung, published
—Brantford Expositor.
«ry
ing.
gas
Catfish Story
103, He Has 375
Living Descendants
In Shreveport, La., C. E. Whitney returned from nearby Crow Lake with a fish story: on on* cast he caught five catfish. Someone had lost a string of five, and of the five went for Whitney’s work.
newspaper in London, cautioned against letting sentimentality lead to the feeling that Hess “is not so bad,” and urged all to remember “he is as bad as the worst of them.” The
said further:
Cheques cashed in Canadian clearing centres during 1940 totalled $34,437,000,000, an increase 1939.
Hubert Leclerc, of St. Hubert de Spaulding, Quebec, who haa than 376 living children,
one
of $2,820,000,000 over
more
grandchildren and great grandchildren, last month celebrated hie 102nd birthday anniversary in the Frontenac County town near the Maine border.
Completely blind for 13 years, he is otherwise in excellent health. His wife whom he married in 1842, died years ago. They had 16 children, two sons
Leclerc ia
were
able force in Syria for an attack Iraq, by-passing Turkey in order to keep Russia out of the struggle.
on
“His
newspaper
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
King George V A Mighty Ship
Britain’s Baby Destroyers Scout The Atlantic

1
I

A

A
Has More Secret Weapons Than Any Other Battleship Afloat
I'd
and 14 daughters. bow living with a grandson.
mu
mvSM

:
m
mm
4
London Horae* Must Have Ration Card*
Britain’s latest and greatest battleship, King George V, has secret weapons than any
I

more
other warship, writes a Reuters correspondent who was the first newspaperman allowed aboard.
One of the most interesting devices might be called “Prime Minister Churchill’s secret weapon.” The correspondent understood it was inspired by Mr. Churchill when he was at the Admiralty.
Here is the correspondent’s description of the battleship, which recently took Viscount Halifax, British ambassador, and Hon. C. D. Howe, Canadian Minister of Munitions and Supply, to the United States:
“This is probably the mightiest instrument of war that man has
yet created, depth of the ship I am surrounded by more marvelous devices for both offence and defence than in any area of similar size anywhere on earth.
16-INCH ARMOR PLATE
“The first thing you notice, as
•(

#
i :
Horses, mules and donkeys now need ration cards before they can put on the feed bag, according to a regulation of the British Ministry of Food. Owners of urban horses must produce the coupons when purchasing feed such as oats, beans or bran.
Horses already registered with agricultural departments or county war executive committees are exempt from the order. Similarly, registration is not necessary for animals used in mining, for army horses or racing and hunting steeds.

* m



W0
&



%
L
as
9%



mm


SILVER
m



P0U5H
.-X-

X

, / "H&m*



1
ÊÊÊËËÈÊy<- IT



-
%


&
mmm

m


Z


ram


%
%

.V,	v'v. v'vv
'&mmkmm
* •

mmm
The Book Shell
As I write in the


m
7J *





e #

%
V«i

>
**
depth charges, machine guns, anti-aircraft weapons.
“IN THIS OUR LIFE”
By Ellen Glasgow
Here is a novel of modern times, ending a few days before the outbreak of war in Europe. The scene is a southern city in * the United States. The members #f the Timberlake family—father, mother, and the two strangely contrasted young women who are their daughters—are the central characters of an intensely dramatic story. They are true, vital creations, these characters, and they make the action, precipitate the crowding events of "In This Our Life.”
The fascinated reader sees unfolding before him here an analysis of the modern mind and tern-exhibited in this family
The book


4-30

ft Features

“Why can't you wait till we get home?!1.”
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS-Kitty Kitty

6Km?
THIS IS THE.
HOW MUCH ARE THOSE RUBBER r \	MICE
V IN THE WINDER?
' THERE S NAWTHIN IN THIS CREEK
cÆt/
NO, SIR f I HAVE N T HAD
1
z
A Z
l WRONG KINDA
V Ait,/
e V

%
/



%

z
I
%
1
U»2
z
z
per as
and their community. WÊÊI^Ê gathers its special intensity as ths chief theme ("character is destiny”) grows through the story.
“In This Our Life" ... by
%

a
%
W
z
1


11

/
w >
. . Toronto:
Ellon Glasgow , . .
George J. McLeo4, Publishers . .
$3.00.

Al
i-ll
'
###PAGE###3###
Most Popular Flower: Rose
Frits and the girl both dead
TABLE TALKS
UAP A90UT THt
Shot.
IMAPE ASCOL0 OUT OF HER f
Time of the Shooting
“Said he had done nothing before phoning me except to take a quick look around the apartment to see if anybody was hiding there, and that was all he said.”
“That fixes the time of the shooting pretty closely, then,” was Miehaelis' comment. “Archie left us about ten-thirty, perhaps a few minutes later. He phoned you about eleven-twenty-five. Give him twenty minutes to get here, another five to look around, and he must have been talking to Miss Lane just about eleven o’clock. She, at least, was alive then. If the ‘something terrible’ which she said had happened was the shooting of Fitzgerald, then that must have occurred just before that. It’s a quarter of twelve now. Whatever happened must have occurred within the last forty-five minutes.”
“If he’s telling the truth,” growled Dan Flaherty.
“I can't make any other assumption,” replied Michaelis.
“One thing we’ve got to remember,” said Martin Frazier, as the car pulled up in front of Number 213 West Fifty-ninth, “is tha tArchie Doane is an actor. A good actor, trained to simulate emotions which he does not feel, to wear a mask at will.”
“A point well taken, which is offset by the fact that when he does feel emotions he has difficulty in hiding them,” commented Michaelis. “We have only to think of his evident distraction during the game this evening to realize that.”
(Continued next week)
FREE

By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Rhubarb:—Spring* s Incomparable Fruit

ont* tuouw
Last Year In Canada It Topped All Others as a General Favorite — Our Wild Flowers A Source of Pleasure And Interest
(UNTIL SHE SWITCHER TO POSTUM)
I
“She was a loving wife and mother until caffeine-nerves caused by too much coffee and tea gave her a brittle temper! How she could carry on at the children or her husband. But her mother told her about Postum and that was the end of me."
With the coming of Spring— meal-planning is so much easier* As soon as Spring has actually arrived with those delightful sunny days the keen homemaker begins to watch the market for the early fruit as a variation from the winter fruit. Rhubarb is usually the early honored guest and is always so refreshing and gives zest to almost any menu.

Mr.
T.N.
The time-honoured custom of saying it with flowers still prevails in Canada, according to a recent report which reveals that Canadians spent more than two million dollars for cut flowers during the twelve months ended May 31. 1940.
Famous in 8 or g and poetry because of its beauty and fragrance, the rose was by far the most popular, with sales totalling 14,679,104 valued at $758,490. Other highly favoured flowers included carnations, chrysanthemums, daffodils, tulips, and sweet peas. Orchids were the most costly with an average value of 58 cents each, sales of this flower totalling 70,393 valued at $41,049.
EACH IN ITS SEASON
Although the amount of money spent on cut flowers is impressive, it is relatively small compared with the Instrinsic value of the profusion of flowers that grow throughout the Dominion. The amateur gardener derives a joy which cannot be measured by money, and to those who visit the woods and meadows the wild flowers are an inestimable source of pleasure and interest. From the dainty hepatica, which bursts into bloom as soon as the snow departs, to the purple aster which presages the fading autumn, nature supplies an ever-changing and widely varied assortment of flowers, each growing at it* own season and in its own habitat and geographic range.
COFFEE
NERVES
EDWARDSBURG
m
CROWN BRAND

S6
fits
Perhaps you, also, should slop drinking code# and les and switch to Postum. If you bars headache, Indigestion, restless turvi|Hp|jjj|Hp SO days. You'll enjoy this delicious mealtime
beverag	¦¦¦jBlIlU
your grocer
ry Postum for
Rhubarb Crimp
nd it is very economical. Order from
Va cup butter Va cup sugar 2 eggs
Va teaspoon nutmeg Va teaspoon vanilla ltt cups small toasted bread cubes
2 cups Kellogg’s corn flakes 4 cups diced fresh rhubarb Blend butter and Va cup sugar thoroughly. Add eggs . and beat well. Stir in nutmeg, flavoring, bread cubes and corn flakes. Place half of mixture in buttered baking dish. Arrange rhubarb evenly over top and sprinkle with Va cup sugar; cover with remaining creamed mixture. Bake in moderate oven (375*F.J about 85 minutes until rhubarb is done. Yields 8 servings.
P22I
•IM*
f
/
im ?
Published by the Can-nda Starch Home Service Dept., Is a valuable entitled
CHAPTER V
“I wish you’d phone me, Frazier, as soon as you find out more about it,” Henderson requested. “You understand my curiosity? Will you let me know? I’ll be waiting for word from you.”
“I’ll do that, gladly, old man. I’ll tell you as much as Dan Flaherty will let me tell. He’s the boss.”
“That’s all right,” grunted the policeman. “We’ll give you a ring. Come on, Max. Come on, Frazier. Going now, Mr. Williams, or staying here?”
They had settled their poker winnings and losses while waiting, and all moved toward the elevator. Williams glanced again at Henderson.
“You’re sure you don’t want me to stay with you?” he asked.
“Sure,” replied Henderson forcing a smile. “You’re good to offer it.”
“By the way, Mr. Henderson, have you got a flask, or can you spare a bottle of that Scotch?” asked Max Michaelis. “Archie may need it. I would, in his situation.”
“Certainly. Take this bottle. It's nearly full,” said the inven-
The
i
PENTHOUSE MURDER . .
Bookie^
Baking Secrets". Write for your FREE copy now enclosing a Crown Syrup label, to Canada Starch Home Service, Dept J8,	49 Wellington
Street Eaat, Toronto.
L
by CALEB JOHNSON
1
THT CANAOA STARCH fJMPANV LIMIT!
1
SYNOPSIS: A card game ia in •eeeion in Elmer Henderson’s
Laundering
Suggestions
penthouse atop s New York sky-
The player# are: Hen-
•craper
derson, Police Inspector Flaherty, Martin Frazier, Archie Doane, Max Michaelis, and his friend Wil-
I Orange Refrigerator Pudding
I 1 tablespoon gelatin Va cup cold water I 1% cups fresh or capned orange I	juice
% cup sugar I teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons lemon juice 2 egg whites Vl cup sugar Va cup whipping cream 4 cups Kellogg's corn flakes V* cup melted butter Va cup sugar
I Soak gelatin in cold water.
1	Heat orange juice, sugar and salt to boiling point; add softened gelatine and stir until dissolved. Add lemon juice and cool. When mixture begins to thicken, fold in stiffly beaten egg whites to which the sugar has been added. Whip cream and fold in last, reserving enough to garnish pudding. Crush Com Flakes in fine crumbs. Mix with melted butter and sugar. Distribute evenly in bottom of 8 by 8 inch square pan. Press down firmly. Pour in orange mixture and garnish with whipped cream. Chill in refrigerator until firm
- enough to cut into squares.
Yields 8 servings.
Rhubarb Conserve
4	lbs. rhubarb
5	lbs. sugar 1 lemon
1	lb. seeded raisins
2	oranges
% cup chopped walnuts
Wash and peel stalks of rhubarb and cut in 1 inch pieces. Place in kettle. Sprinkle with sugar, add raisins, juice of orange and lemon and the grated rinds. Mix; cover and let cook one-half hour. Then bring to boiling point and let simmer 45 minutes, stirring constantly. Then add chopped nuts. Boil 5 minutes longer. Fill jelly glasses; cool and seal.
Crumb Pie (Request)
This recipe makes filling for two large pies: One and one-half cups seeded raisins heated in water to cover with one and one-half cups of sugar. Let cool after a few minutes' boiling. Then mix one and one-half cups sugar;
2	cups flour; Vi cup shortening. When thoroughly blended with pastry, blend remaining 1 cup of | mixture and set aside. To the rest add 1 cup milk, 2 eggs, well beaten and 2 teaspoons baking powder. Have ready two pastry-lined pans (pie) and pour the cooked raisins into them draining off any excess juice. Then cover with batter and sprinkle thickly with the cup of crumbs taken out of the first mixture. Bake in hot oven till pastry is well browned and top delicately browned.
liame, a stockbroker.
They are waiting for Stephen Fitzgerald. When he fails to appear, a telephone call brings the information that he ia out with a
Follow These Directions And You'll Be Delighted With the Results
Keep Eggs Cool
In washing, remember that all white garments should be hung in the sun while colored clothes should be hung in the shade.
Fitzgerald and Henderson
girl
are both romantically interested in Lydia Lane, the famous actress, but Archie Doane reveals that she is engaged to marry him.
Doane leaves the party early when Fitzgerald fails to appear. A short time later he telephones Inspector Flaherty with the frantic news that he has found Fits-
Cooling eggs as soon as possible means retaining the top grade, which means more profit to the producer. Grade A eggs will drop to Grade C in six days at a temperature of 80 degrees. Grade A eggs held around 50 degrees for six days wil retain the grade. Eggs held at 50 degrees have shown to be of better quality at the end of 10 days than those held at 70 degrees for 24 hours.
Precautions recommended to keep up the quality of eggs in summer are: 1 least twice daily in a wire basket and let them stand in the basket in a clean, cool, well-ventilated place before packing; 2. Market eggs often, daily if possible; 3. In transporting eggs, protect them as much as possible from outside temperatures.
Knitting Hints
*
If you have needles in many dfferent sizes—and most of us
When boiling clothes place an unpeeled lemon cut in slices ia the boiler with the clothes to boil. This will remove the stains and make the clothes beautifully white.
soon acquire a collection—do buy
It costs only a few
a gauge
cents, and saves all the bother of wondering which are “sevens” and which are “eights.” when you are beginning a sweater, see that wool and needles are contrasting colors, thus saving your eyesight.
It is easy to keep white or light-colors fresh and clean if you keep your work always wrapped in a large silk handkerchief. Spread this out on your knee while working, and if you have a dark dress, tuck one corner of the handkerchief into the front
gerald and Mise Lane dead in Lydia Lane’s penthouse apartment.
And
Lingerie ribbons should not be ironed while wet, or they will become stiff. They should be pulled into a smooth condition and when dry pressed over with ¦ cool iron.
“It's got all of us,” said Max Michaelis knew him, anyway—and we all love Archie here
Want to have one of us stay with you?”
tor
Gather eggs at
Warned by Inspector Flaherty, the little group of four said nothing about their errand in the presence of the night elevator man and doorman of the Highart Building
night at the door and started off on foot, through the three inches of fluffy enow* The others had but a few minutes to wait before a big sedan with the Felice Department shield on the radiator and a brass-buttoned policeman driving, pulled up before the door. Not until they were inside the car did any of them speak.
Dan Flaherty was first to break the silence.
We all know Fitz
And Henderson, . feeling better, old man?
When washing handkerchiefs, rub each one with good yellow bar soap and soak for an hour or so in warm water to which a generous amount of salt has been added. Wash in warm water, resoap and place in an enamel vessel. Cover with warm water, boil for half an hour, then remove and rinse in tepid water. Dip in blue water, wring, and press when nearly dry.
Williams said good
“Come along, if you like,” said Dan Flaherty, with gruff kindliness.
of your neck like a bib to protect the wool from rubbing against dark material.
Where’s the Other Man
SUNSUIT AND BONNET
For Sunny Days
The inventor shuddered thank you Even if I didn’t feel as I do about Miss Lane, I . would go to pieces and be a nuisance. The rest of you go on. Don't mind staying with me anybody. I’ll be all right. But 1 hope Archie . . ,
I thought from the way you spoke, inspector . .
“No,
1 couldn’t stand it.
I The ball of wool in use will 1 always keep clean if you slip it j into a paper bag, and put a rubber band round the top. You can then safely allow the wool to lie on the floor or any other place.
Always make joins at the end of a row, leaving both ends free to be sewn in with the seams. This makes very firm joins and prevents uneven lines on the surface of the knitting.
When pressing the parts of a knitted garment, be sure you I really press, and not rub the iron backwards and forwards. Ribbing and raised patterns should be pressed very, very lightly, and then cnly on a thick soft blanket. And do not forget that when the seams are finished they also need pressing just as any other seams

. . . 1 hope it isn’t that did it, I mean.
A Teugh Case
“This looks like a tough case, Max," he said makes a policeman wish he didn’t have any friends."
“Jumping to conclusions, Dan, a* usual?” asked Michaelis. “You talk as if you thought Archie did

Sort of thing
m

W
s
“Well, look at it as if you’d never heard of anybody concerned,” Dan Flaherty interrupted. “A man's engaged to marry a girl. He’s jealous of another man. He worries all evening because he doesn’t know where the girl is, or the other man
u

it.’
nI
/
“Suppose he did,” retorted the Inspector. “I’ve got to bear down on him harder than I would if I’d never known him; the best I can do I'll be accused of trying to shield a friend."
“1 get you,” agreed Michaelis, “but let me remind you that his calling you up was the act of an innocent man. He didn’t have to do it. For all we know now, he could have slipped away and said nothing.”
“But his asking for you is the act of a man who realizes that circumstances look had for him.” countered Dan Flaherty.
“Agreed,” said Max Michaelis. “And I realize your position, Dan.”
S*
He goes to the girl’s apartment and finds the two together. Of course, he says they were both dead when he got there. But if you knew just that much and didn’t know any more, whom would you suspect?

J
v
3
r*7.
do
2882 ;
“Now, I don’t suspect Archie Doane any more than I suspect anybody else. But I'm a policeman. Friendship cuts no ice with me in a murder case. Get my point of view?”
“Of course, you have to look at it like that, Inspector,” Henderson agreed. “But it doesn’t sound like the sort of thing Archie Doane would do. Does it to you, Frazier?”	'
Sizes l,2,3>.
How To Hang
Out The Wash
V
3
//
&
\
Someone once said there was a wrong and a right way to do everything, so here’s the right way to dry your laundry. All large, white things, such as sheets and tablecloths, should be thrown one-ihird over the line and fastened very securely with pegs. Colored things should be turned wrong side out and dried in the shade suspended on the straight. Always peg so that any stripes run vertically to the ground and never let them go horizontally or they may run into the next color. Woollens should be dried in moderate warmth, but not in direct sunshine or near a fire. Suspend sweaters on coat hangers or with a broomstick pushed through both sleeves and wring the hems at intervals to get rid of the weight of water. Another way to dry sweaters is to pull them into shape and then lay them on a towel to dry. Silks and rayons should be slung over the line and not pegged, as pegs mark them. Dry in the shade, or by an electric fan.
(
A
7
you

IM

useless
T
\
“1 don't need to tell you that I'll play fair in anything relating to Archie,” growled the Inspector, “and I'll be glad to have your help, Max
“Even then, we’ve got a personal interest, all of us, in finding out who killed Fit*,” Max Michaelis reminded them
• Calumet's double-action gives you double leavening—both during mixing and in the oven.
This exclusive feature permits i you to use less and still get better results. Easy-opening, won’t-spill container, with handy measuring device under the lid. And the
I PRICE IS SURPRISINGLY LOW.
1)
“No, it doesn’t,” the Assistant Attorney agreed fully upset, though, to-night, about Miss Lane.”'
He was aw
f,A it
You know that.”
IHlse Chamber» welcome» pemeael letter» from ialcreated reader». She I» p learned to receive euggewtl •a topic» for her colama, aad I» evee ready to llelea to your “pet peeve».” Request» for recipe» or » pedal aieaua are la order. Address your letters to “Mise Sadie B. Cfcfiai. here, 7.1 West Adelaide Street, To-
.M
By Louise Lennox
Our first concern must be for the living, hut we must not forget our duty to avenge the dead.
“All right, Daw, l wish you’d tell me just what Archie said to you over the phone,” Max Michaelis responded, as the car halted for the stream of after-theatre

Be sure that your little girl gets the benefit of healthful sun this Summer. You’ll enjoy making this cute suit and bonnet for her to wear at home or on vaca-
roeto.” Seed stamped, self addressed
(
envelope If yoa tvish a reply
I
WIN4WAR
tmnt
RESOUS
Bright cotton print with
tion
dainty little ruffle trim for both the sunsuit and hat is a wise
choice
cross in the back for comfort and
Daughters Said
More Expensive

8
S STAMPS
The tie shoulder straps
traffic going up Seventh Avenue into Central Park, its progress slewed up by the fleet of scrapers and trucks of the snow-removal gang, already on the job. “What's the starting point? How did he come to be at Miss Lane’s rooms? Did he explain that ?”
“Yes
LSI
%
Oh*
the sunsuit is well cut so as not to hamper the activity of the very
Several of these outfits
Canadian income taxpayers should be allowed to claim exemption for daughters over 21 who are attending schools and colleges, G. K. Fraser, (Con. I Peterborough West) contended j in the House of Commons.	(
His reason: During this period 1 parents frequently had to spend | more on their daughter» than at i any other time.
“I say girls and not boys,” he said, “because a bey can get out during the summer and earn an extra dollar.”
“I had to do it and many other members and we are the better loi it.”


young
should be included in every smart little girl's wardrobe.
Style No. 2882 is designed for
Size
mm
. «
ft a^y****cnw
!} Km
fDtt
Get Outdoors For Good Sinus Health
replied the Inspector. “He said that he went to his own >ooms when he left the game and had been there only a few minutes when his telephone rang and Miss Lane, apparently greatly excited, asked him to come at once. Something terrible had happened, ahe said, her door sort of back entrance—he knew his way shout there—and found
sizes 1, 2, 3 and 4 years 2 requires \ yards of 35-inch fabric with \ yard of contrasting and 4 yards of ruffling for sunsuit and hat.
Sinus infections are increasing, according to Dr. Edwin I. Broyles of Johns Hopkins University, because people are not breathing enough fresh air.
“We don’t get enough moisture in the air we breathe,” he said. “One reason why sinus is increasing is that the modern man stays indoors too much.”
Send twenty cents (coin is preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your name, address and style number, you wish
He got no answer at Got in through some
ISSUE 21—’41
Be sure to state size
B
###PAGE###4###
F Z

I
<

r >


CEMETERY MEMORIALS
Now is the time to choose that Memorial you intent to have placed in your plot this year so that everything will be in good condition for
Decoration Day.
! Advance Price af Bacon by One Cent a Pound
THE EQUITY
A notice issued on May 1, 1941, by the Bacon Board stated : The Board announces an increase in the price to be paid for bacon on a basis ot 8 17.10 ;— No. 1 sizeable Wiltshire sides delivered I at Canadian Seaboard. This is an advance of one dollar per 10Q pounds on the present price schedule for the var..	• it.,, lives of I *0,ia Kf^des, selections and weights of
There comes a time m me ii'es Wiltsl)ire fiic1e8 anft export cuts to apply
most men when they come faced with I	product put into cure for export
reality and cannot dodge it. Such a time from hogs purchased on and after hri-
for every man and woman day, May 2nd.
We offer while present stock lasts :—
Winnipeg Nelson Golden West Three Stars
Your choice of any of the above for only
&
Shawville. May 29th, 1941
WE HAVE THEM
A large selection to choose from at reasonable prices for the best Granite that can be brought
at this time.
facing reality
¥
m
Phone, 278
our
arrived
in Canada who has a sum of money over and above that needed for ordinary
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
Honey Exports in 1940
v

expenditures
There are
I S'SvBB
it affords the individual against unfor- c0mparCd witn 4.706,J41 pounds and
Some treasure money because it is tue 4 ROO OOO pollnds for the year “tiding concrete result of years of hard wor*t-1 June 9th, 1941, has already been filled. Some are reluctant to part with money
to them it is a sheltering arm

ESTABLISHED 1883

because
around the family.
Now, however, Canadians are faced
ssrrCi-M :% I s «¦
they must loan it in order to
NOTICE
$2.50 per 981b bag
COACH
INVALID
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Court of King’s Bench
keep it.	I	( Crown Side )
next, at ten o’clock in the forenoon. In consequence I give PI BLIC NOTICE to all who intend to proceed against any prisoners
j,til of the said district and
all others, that they must be present then and there ; and I also give Notice to all Justices of the Peace, Coroners, and Peace Officers in and fur the said District and they must be present then and there, with their Records, Rolls, Indictments and other documents in order to do these things which belong to them in their respective capacities
reserves,
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO. REC’O

h
Phone 80

South Africa,
been left alone to fight the Nazi monster. The challenge, undoubtedly the most stupendous in world history, de
mands the active help of every Canadian. Those with money, be it fifty or two hundred and fifty thousand dollars, must loan their cash to the Government if Canada is to carry on with her pre. sent share in the big battle
now in the
common
ÏL
V

r
/
who shrugs his or
The man or woman her shoulder and deliberately attempts to duck from under the responsibility of of each individual in this time of national crisis will earn the contempt of all.
I
m

I
w
Ù0

DOMINIC SLOAN
Sheriff
Bristol School Board
A
U0&
Sheriffs Office,
Campbell’s Bay, May 20th, 1941

fl
-
May 12th, 1941
<5
m
Bristol School Commissioners met on the above date, present Chairman XV oods and Commissioners, Graham Stewart
and XValeh.
The minutes of the last meeting were read and adopted on motion of Comr.
W\!otion by Comr. Stewart that Miss Hilda M. Graham be employed as teacher for No. 10 School for the next term.
Motion by Comr. Graham that the following bills be approved and paid :
.. $ 4 72 2 20 11 00 ..	23 W5
7 00
7	00
8	75 15 35
A
3


*

Buy British !
s
¦


i
I
h
MM
v,
/
wmm

New Skiq
Eno’s Fruit Salt Scott’s Emulsion Maclean Stomach Powder
Theremogene Medicated Wool
Maclean’s Tooth Paste


%
'is
a


W





1
L R. Keon, supplies-----
Montreal Star, advertisement..
R. G. Fletcher, work at No. 2..
Moyer School Supplies........
Dalton Emerson, firing. .
Reggie Stanley “	. •
Thos. Telford, work at No. 4 ..
Mrs. E. Dean, supplies........
Motion by Comr. Walsh that we hold a special meeting on May 26th, and m-< vite the ratepayers of No. 1 district and also Inspector Dickson to attend this
meeting.	_	.
Motion by Comr. Stewart that Hire
board visit the Schools-orfMay 19th.
of Comr. Graham
meeting adjourned.
<*X
#
%?»


m
Zfi

/¦

I •
*

Z
/ J
f
I







>•*
Ask For British Goods
and serve your Country
Xv
?:
t

X

X
*
¦

a
y?
x
A

/•

1
-
m*.
M


1
the
m.
m
THE CORNER STORE
I f

Si
## «
Estate Mrs. M. G. Howard
Main and CentreSts
SHAWVILLE,	QUE.
H. I. Smith Secretary-Treas

Wsmm.
1



r*

v J
(
JOIN IIPtrtl/fafutdefay
%<¦
Correspondence

Proper Diet Essential
Dentists can make no better contribution to the improvement of teeth than by insisting on a proper well-rounded diet for the patient, C. C. Furnas, associate professor of chemical engineering at Yale university, told dentists recently gathered at the annual Greater New York Dental meeting, in New York. According to the doctor, the parade of anemic, underfed and ailing individualsin any part of the country is a blot on civilization and in no department of health is the record more discouraging than in teeth he said, “the nutritional state of the nation is now almost satisfactory and for the first time in history we can have refinement and good health too. But we are a long way from taking advantage of our opportunity.”
à
%
ly'/W
To the Editor


Dear Sir,
The Cemetery Improvement Committee would beg your kind favour in presenting once more the needs of their organization to carry on the fine work they are doing in beautifying the resting place of our deceased loved ones in the two cemetries on Main Street. As is well known, the Anglican and United cemetries are being cared for by this joint committee and their good work is seen in the beautiful grounds. We have a man working from May 1st till October 1st keeping the grass cut, the brush removed and any other general care that
He also his to be supplied ¦¦¦	The
There’s a place for YOU et the wheel of a roaring tank; behind a spitting Ack-Aek gun; astride an armoured motorcycle and YOU are not the man to hang back. It's YOl R fights the
being forged ; the way prepared. The rail is to


• e e
weapons are
ACTION from the minute you step into uniform. You and
needed NOW. Canada and the Empire, your
PALS
your
home, your loved ones, must he protected; get into the fifiht.
arc

The Canadian Active Army requires men for Artillery, Engineers, Signals, Armoured Cars, Tanks, Infantry, Transport and Supply, Medical, Ordnance and other branches of the Service. The Army is prepared to teach many trades, and to train you to efficiently handle Canada’s weapons of war.
Co to your nearest District Recruiting Office. Lind out about these Units ; how they work, what they do. See just where you’// fit in. See where any particular skill you possess can best he utilized. Then join up for ACTION•
Fortunately,”
4 «

is needed.
with tools to carry on his work cost of all this each year is nearly 8300. and this amount has been kindly ponated
by	( '*i||iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii iii iii ii mm
given by the local Women’s Institutes.	Character Not ih Face
If all those with friends in the cetne- & death blow to long-established ten as would make a donation, it would oej:ofS that character may be judged be a small task to meet the obligations the contour of the face, is dealt upon us this year. A good sign of a by Dr Maxwell Maltz. Four per-community’s morale is to be seen in the .0ns—a playwright, a musician, a way in which they care for the resting |aWyer ancj a doctor—were unable to places of the dead ; and for the past few distinguish correctly the character of years this community can well feel proud à man by his facial appearance. Two of the high standard of care given these thousand years ago, Aristotle taught
Send your donations to the 1:s students that character can be treasurer Dr. D. J. Campbell, Shawvilh* 0]d by the contour of the face, and and all will be acknowledged through a 0(jay we still persist in that column in the Equity. We are very bought. Dr Maltz states. The doc-grateful to the Editor for his hearty co- Lors experiments prove that human operation in our work and the space so ,t,mgS are judged by behavior, ex-kindly given.	ression, gesture, manner, posture.
peech. voice and entire conversa-ion. and that these have far greater a!ue than judging by locks.

for
m
ACTIVE
SERVICE
z*
/
RATES OF PAY IN THE RANKS
1)1
Apply to the nearest
Recruiting’ Office or Armoury
$1.30 per Day with Board, Lodging, Clothing, Medical and Dental care provided. EXTRA: (1) Rates varying from 25/to 75* per day for skilled tradesmen while employed. (2) Dependent Allowances in Cash.
laces.
f
DEPARTMENT OF NATIONAL DEFENCE
CANADA
Mrs. R. G. Hodgins, President Rev. A. F. Fokes, secretary
1
###PAGE###5###

i
¦ÉÉff- -

f r*

f
WW*

' mm
y
VF
1 1

1


TB
C ' ;Â







<
¦; i
V'*













i
ipp

»«w*ss»tw

UP?
v> f'"'[
lf»a Jmk^rZy ~^>
’C
y
I
y
Closing out Sale
/
fj. R. HORNER’S
Moor’s Paint Brings
#
Added Charm to
Your Home
There is a dependable Benjamin Moore Product for every decorating
requirement
Z
Z
CREAT
/
Z
Z
Continues with eveh greater values

/

Z:
1
Z
*
1
"%
In appreciation of the fine response given by the people of Shawville and vicinity to our BIG DISPOSAL SALE, we are continuing with even “GREATER VALUES for the balance
of this week.
Buy tor NOW and FALL .... your requirements from this quality stock of men's and boys wear,
%


%

h
X

¦
Men’s and Young- Men’s Two-Pant Suits
S-
WE

Si M
yA.


*

Fine quality English worsteds, serges ai)d
Worth up to
m
I
$24.*
tweeds. Sizes 86 to 46.
$86 00. Close out price
&
Év
V
Moore’s
m*
m

perhaps you have wondered many times as you have lifted a heavy pail of milk shoulder-high to pour it into your Separator tank.
If your Separator is a Renfrew you have never oi the matter a thought foi a Renfrew "up'' is 39^i inches from the floor. This is one reason why women prefer a Renfrew. This— and ease of operation, pe feet skimming, absolute cleanliness and absence of surface oil.
Quality the highest price the lowest, quality considered. Capacities 400 lbs., 600 lbs., 800 lbs. and 1000 lbs., per hour.
Il
• • e •

^2

Enamel Floor Paint
Tile-like Floor Enamel
Interior Gloss for Walls and Woodwork
Egyptian Floor Enamel
Varnish Stain
Men’s Fine Socks
Men’s Overalls
0
Fine nil wool yarns in bright checks and neat designs, sizes. Values up to 69 cts.
Close oat price

Special weave, 8 oz denim, full roomy make,
80 to 40


I:##
mmÊmà
B
tSSffiSi
All
Sizes
mmi
ven

ron
?
39c
38
$179
«
Close out-price

Varnish Stain
Utilac Enamel
Service Barn Paint
Muresco, wall and ceiling decoration
Shingle Stain Superior General Purpose
Raw Oil, Turpentine



?
r-
0#
We always have in stocK the guaranteed
“ FORSYTH " Shirts for Men
Ill
g
%

mm
II
J
The Forsyth label is your guarantee of satisfaction. New stripes and chec ks, also plain whites at
Seethe Ren- JL f rew man in Mjm your neighborhood. He ™ is responsible to you for each Rentre
Varnish
$1.65	$2.00	$2.25
Paint Oil,
RANGES . HEATERS WASH-RITES - TRUCK SCALES INCUBATORS
w pro-
duct he sell»
you — and we ¦ tan d behind him in this responsibility.

SEPARATORS
SEED CORN
d boys
4iab ordash cry
%
men
i
>
8
Hybrid,
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED RENFREW ONT.
ST.JOHNS P.Q.
I
2
REGINA SASH.
I
Golden Glow,
SUSSEX N.B.
I

Early Bailey,
Longfellow,
Crompton’s Early
;
IM. p, Horner’s old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE. ~
Service Announcement
1
LEO. R. KEON

B
DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE
Quebec
fi

Boot and Shoe Department E
Specials in Men’s Work Boots, $2.65 to $3.25 |
Tennis Shoes, a full range of styles for men £ boys, women and children.
White Shoes, ties, gores and ox-
1H mm.
McKee
%


Shawvillb United Church
Rev A. F. Fokks B. A., ti.D. Pastor
Sunday, June 1st
11.00 a. m. Service at Shawville 1.30 p.m.—Service at Zion.
3.00 p. in.—Service at Starks Corners
“ A ladder to the Heights ”
7.30 p. m.—Service at Shawville
“ When God Speaks ”
The anniversary services of Shawville congregation will be held on Sunday, June 8th. The guest preacher is to be Rev. H. W. Piercy, outstanding preacher and literary interpreter of Niagara Falls, Ontario. Please make a note of this date and invite your friends.
%
/
%
>
»
»
nnnannnpnnnppgagg

WM.

ztztztz
¦a
zlziztztz
The Hodgins Lumber Co.
Women’s
fords $1.95
Men’s boys’ and youths crepe sole Bargee Oxfords.
Women’s and Misses Sport Oxfords $1.75 up.
Order Bray Chicks now, and be “lucky” when egg prices climb next Fall. See me, or phone me, right away. Personal attention, prompt delivery.
N
X

\
1
X

X
X
Just Received
X

JOHN McCREDlE
X
A
X
X
BARGAIN TABLE
Odd lines and sizes, women’s oxfords and pumps. Values up to $300 ^ ^
X
MARYLAND QUEBEC
Phone, Shawville 4-20
x
r—
X
Car Load of Eastern

6
S
I
Cedar Shingles
x
Wilson’s Garage
he Sana Reliable Serv'ce
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Bristol United Church Rev C. Armstrong-Sai.is B,D. Sunday, June 1st
Sunday School
4
Service at 11.00 a. m.
Knox—
Service at 2.30 p. m.
Austin—Sunday School 10.30 a. m. Service at 8 00 p. in,
\
X
x
\

THREE GRADES
Furniture Department
10.00 a. m.
Phone 27
Beautiful New Walnut Dining Room Suite Latest design, six pieces for $76.50
Natural Finish Breakfast Suite, red trim with red
Six pieces for $67.50
Ford Service
THE HODGINS LUMBER COMPANY
I
\
\
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
J.P. Wilson
Main Street Shawville Quebec
Phone 40
.	Quebec
leather bottom chairs.
Shawville,

ANGLICAN St Paul’s
Sunday, June 1st
8.00	a. m. — Holy Commuhion Sunday School 10.00 a. m.
11.00	a. in. — Holy Communion 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
yBRCZl/lzi/iz
ZlZlZIZiZIXlZl
AQaŒQQEBCîEEZEQ
2
/ 77)>:

/
MacLean’s
&
RED & WHITE STORE
§ Woods Electric Fences
Save 80 per cent on Fencing Costs
One Wire instead of Five
Stakes instead of Posts
This is the modern way of replacing old wooden, snake and stump fences. It is the cheap-quickest way to divide up pasture. And it certainly is
tho way to handle unruly stock
that are bound to reach in to the coin when pastures start to get short
Holy Trinity 2.00 u. m. — Sunday School 2 30 p. m. — Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s
r
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
cjgjSjg^gjpjgjgjgjaiBMM^SJSHSJeiB^
1 I
DALE’S TINSHOP
Holy Communion
9.00	a. m.
10.00	a. m. Sunday School
15c
Rose Brand Baking Powder.............
Neilson’s Cocoa, half pound .........
Hursley Black, per pound.............
Maxwell House, Chase & Sandborn, or Gold Medal Coffee, 1 pound tin ..
(Last shipment at this price ) *
Kellogg’s All Bran, large............
With glass measuring cup -FREE
Quaker Rolled Oats, large package ....
With glass
Quaker Rolled Oats, plain package ...
Ivory Flour, per bag...............
Maple Leaf Soap Flakes, per package Palm Olive Soap, regular 10c bar, 3 for
Apples, No, 1, Stark, bushel.........
7 pounds ......
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
19c
North Clarendon Parish
Rev. K. U. Bolton, BA., L.Th Sunday, June 1st
65c
est,
Come in and see our full stock of
59c
Thoiue Centre—
Sunday School 7.30 p. m. Evening Prayer—7.30
Charteris—
Holy Communion
Greermount--
Evening Prayer — 2.30 p m.
r\
24c
G. A. HOWARD
DEALER
SHAWVILLE . QUE.

FINDLAY
10.30 a. m.
25c
RANGE
20c
)
Pulpwood Wanted
$2.85
sut

HELP FINISH THE JOB

18c
I urn prepared to purchase green o peeled Spruce and Balaam pulpwood FO.B.cars on C. N. or C. P railways «/delivered to road side for pick up by trucks Phone or write,
J. XI. ARGUE, Shawville Que
» • • •
A stove for every purpose, in all sizes
20c
i
i
• •
$1.25

• '
.
>

'iti

25c


Is


i •

IS
ni
Phone 76


###PAGE###6###
- : T


A
- Jr
" >
all toils, thus tending
effect of
parity of
a«sSrtf
commercial fertilisers,
contains appreciable
of other plant foods.
Humus Increases
Soil Fertility
Gardening
Queen Mery Break Her Royel Seclueu
I • •
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
the
#
rrr


rogen, food in and also quantities
Humus is formed by the decay
one of

i

i
ARTICLE No. 12
Success with transplanting depends on plenty of water. Of next ' importance will be shade and stimulant. Moving a plant u something like an operation for a human being, and the largei the
the more necessary the With shrubbery and roots are cut Half a

rr .ssru*-»»
of all soils and performs several functions. It improves the texture of soils by lightening heavy clays and binding light sands and increases the moisture-holding
i -
the
m

lesson VIII
hoÏÏzo^'peter-s VISION
11:18
#

specimen attention, trees often main and the shock is severe, pail of water after setting out is not too much for such big things, and the watering should be repeated two or three times a week, if a quick start is wanted.
Pick-up is Valuable With ordinary annuals and perennials liberal watering is also
advisable and shelter from hot
for the first few days. Some pick-up in the way of quickly available commercial fertilizer will help at this time, merely a pinch for small things like tomato plants or asters, and perhaps up to a couple of handfuls for shrubs
and trees.
Care should be taken in use of any chemical fertilizer that does not actually touch roots or foliage. In the dry state it is liable to bum. Experts usually safe and dissolve the fertil-in water before applying.
No Hurry
The beginner is warned against too deep, too early and too close planting of vegetables and flower . Nasturtiums, peas, beans, .. and such large seeds should go in about an inch or so and be planted at, least three or four inches apart. Tiny seeds like alyssum, poppy and onion merely pressed into the soil. Before sowing, mix with a little *am! to help spread the sowing more
evenly.
/
N
By WHIiam Ferguson
^THIS CURIOUS WORLD
^ TEXT, Act* Hi 8-18
And Peter

6
PRINTED
GOLDEN TEXT.
opened hi. mouth, and said, Of »
Time.—The conversion of tor-
episode, occurred in A.D. 41.
place.—The conversion of Cornelius took place in Caesarea, about seventy miles from Jeius-alem; Peter went up to Caesarea from the city of Joppa, thirty miles south, on the Syrian coast;
defense of his act took
i
t
JOMBQ
w
**#
IU
AFRICAN
¦EUEPHANï; j
MADE II MORE THAN n
ove ,
FOR THE I BARNUM I AND BAIi-BV CIRCUS IN I
THREE VEARS.1

r.
%
m
W)





sun
m



# #
••


Peter's
place in Jerusalem.
In this lesson we
did illustration of the enthusiasm
of one man for the Gospel of the Lord Jesus, his loyalty to this Gospel and his great earnestness in presenting Christ to these who
knew him not.
We have now arrived at another
crisis in the early Church of Christ. The day of Pentecost, the conversion of Saul of Iai-aus, the call of Cornelius, and __j foundation of the Gentile Church of Antioch are, if we are to pick and choose amid the events related by St. Luke, the turning points of the earliest ecclesiastical history.
Jew and Gentile Alike While the future Apostle of the Gentiles, having received his " sion, is gone to Tarsus, his work is anticipated by the Apostle of the circumcision. St. Peter was chosen by God formally to admit the Gentiles to the Church. Hitherto the Church had to deal only with Samaritans, or proselytes, or a stranger in the exceptional position of the Ethiopian eunuch. Now it is brought face to face with the ordinary Gentiles of the ,, uncircumcised Gentiles, baptism of Cornelius is the initial step and the decisive one. By the gift of the Holy Spirit ~ this occasion God showed that He was no respecter of persons, that in His sight Jews and Gentiles were equal, might almost say, a new creation.
The full lesson tells us the stories: of how Cornelius sent for Peter because of a vision that commanded him to do sol of how Peter received a vision which prepared him for this new labor; of how the messengers arrived at Peter's lodging to take him with them to Caesarea ; of how Peter is greeted by the waiting Cornelius who reports his experiences leading to his request for Peter to come; of how Peter preached s sermon in the house of Cornelius and converted him and bis
entire household.
Peter Telle the Story
“I was in the city of Joppa praying: and in a trance I saw a vision, a certain vessel descending, as it were a great sheet let down from heaven by four corners; and it came even unto me;* 6. upon which when I had fastened mine eyes, I considered, and saw the four-footed of the earth and wild and creeping things and
7. And I
••
n
have a splen-
the

I
it

a
9
play
iter
J
SHOULD VOU

training.
seeds corn
SWAULflWNslO 'O
o	__ * J
the
A


#

are
peace, and glorified God, saying, Then to the Gentiles also hath God granted repentance unto
life.”

that He had taken these
into His fel-
* bananas.
A NOVELTY AT THE
the
mis-
ehown
uncircumcised men
b',OT„p.,T.1rt*'“
which show God’s hand in
his vision on the
O
IN 1876, WERE SOLD
O
$5.30 May Buy	a
A River Island | Shabby Floor
Is Detriment
IN TINFOK-, AT___
75E7V CÆ/V7S
o o
with them, facts
the matter
¦3X5S.ÏÆ
thrice compelling him to do at first told to do.
18.	11 And when they heard
these things, they held their
o o o
chew your food thoroughly, jroe
movement for a Horace Fletcher.

Some bidder may acquire one of the Thousand Islands—a anm l —for $6.30 when a tax sale the Township of Front is held at Lanedowne, Ont., July 16. The represents four years arrears of taxes on the island, now owned by a New York woman.
Shabby floors often prevent that
which
one
spk-and span appearance
most housewives desire in their homes. If the condition of the floor ; satisfactory refinlahiug.
floor is in order, hardwood floors may be
on
the
NEXT: Why éees the nu» m
word what he was
sum
world,
prevents a new L
The
A COMMONWEALTH
New-----	^	_
laid over the existing floor. Be-
flooring is laid it is
on
•II
fore the new	_
necessary to make sure that the old is level and free from bumps
«
ing animal Is this land.
18 Italian rittr,
20 Celestial
24	Dogma.
25	To analyse;
27	Heavenly body.
28	Brink.
29	Gypsy
31	Dry.
32	Frozen dessert.
33	Payment demand.
37 To daunt
41	To deviate.
42	Parched with
Answer to Previous Pmrie
RADIO REPORTER
HORIZONTAL
l Map of British com* monwealth.
9 Its monetary
floor
and that all loose boards are securely nailed down. Boards that cannot be planed or nailed down should be replaced, and all rough edges should be sandpaper-
I
1
It was, we
T
B, DAVE ROBBINS
N
own airport (Montebello, l aiif.) and would like to use the cofiee there, too. The beaming branch chief asked the writer's name and
Edgar Bergen !
level
amateur gardeners
Now it's springtime I The time to plant that tree, those shrubs, to get the seeds or small annua into the beds around the verandah, or across the lawn—or on the side of the farmhouse. Yes, folks
it's the time to get all the plant-
intend to do this
unit.
13	Scanty.
14	Luminous sun circle. x
16	Sharp.
17	Possessing flavor.
19 Jester.
21	Sums up.
22	Lyric poem.
23	Let it stand.
24	Transposed (abbr ).
26 Attic. -
30 Apart.
34	Genus of slugs.
35	To happen again.
36	Butted.
38	Part of a drama.
39	Musical note (abbr.).
40	Egg-shaped.
44 Perspiration.
ed
MAKE SURE IT’S LEVEL The molding strip at the bottom of the baseboard should be ed and a good quality of building paper laid over the old floor. New flooring to applied at right angles to the old floor. A thin flooring will be satisfactory but not on* that is less than three-eighths inch
thick.	,	.
If new flooring has not been laid in all rooms, sloping saddles or threshold will have to be placed at doorways to overcome the difference in floor levels and the doors refitted by cutting off at the bottom. After finishing, baseboard molding strips should be replaced.
I
learned it was
TjSMN
remov-
o
around the dial
of the most interesting and
One
war* thafon* theCanad ian air lanes comes from CKO I on
3Lnr 'I0
Speaks On War.
Sincere and informed,
Hyder presents the war outlook
from an entirely different angle,
with
i he
on
ing done you
3	Hastened
4	Flogs.
5	Railroad (abbr.).
8 To maintain.
7	To jump.
8	Sour-tempered.
9	Pair (abbr.)
10	Uncles.
11	Least whole 50 Genus of number.
12	Appellation,
15	Poem.
16	Common leap- 58 Mother.
49 It is a great produc* ing country. 52100 square meters.
53	Tree.
54	Ancient.
53 Assam
silkworm.
56	Imbecile.
57	Chamber.
59	Its largest city.
60	Its capital.
VERTICAL
2 Consumed.
y6And, if you want to do it right, Amateur Gardener, who is heaid
from CKOC each Monday, Wednesday and Friday afternoon at 5.30. Dick knows all the answers to your problems and can help you—he's worth a listen, or if you’re stumped, a letter.
heat
43 Thin.
45 Pale.
48 Narrative poem.
47	In the style of
48	Numeral ending.
49	Had on.
Miss
5
Acts 11: 5.
_i woman’s angle the thoughts of women every-who have husbands, sons, fathers and brothers
A Woman program that
the
where
sweethearts,
fighting for freedom. Speaks On War is a
should hear!
o
swans.
51 Smell.
55 Electric term.
"IN THE GROOVE"
who like their jazz
Tests Show White House Is Coolest
Jammers," WOR's in-the-groove show with Erskine Butterfield, ac-
time on the air and "Cat's 'n' Jammers”
are now heard every Sunday from 7 00 to 7.30 p.m. (instead of *ri-
*- SS
Butterfield will be
everyone
beasts
o
will have their in-Crosby picture that Bing will sing "Wait Till the Sun —"By the Light of
and that
beasts
birds of the heaven, heard also a voice saying unto me Rise Peter; kill and eat. 8. But I said, Not so, Lord: for noth-
unclean hath ever
But a
10 II I
Old timers nings in a new ia being readied, such songs as Shines Nelly"
-«.«;»• ••
the Church.” Bing has a soft spot in his heart for these songs of yesterday, and it was largely at
that the film was
8
4	5	6	7
I z
Of definite interest to home owners who are planning to re-paint the exterior of their homes are the results of a research program just conducted by the Bureau of Standards in Washington, DC.
study of protection
against summer heat, the bureau lias just announced that panels revered with white paint are cool-and those covered with lamp-the warmest when ei-
quires more a new spot.
14 IS
13
20
19
16
17
16
ing common or entered into my mouth. . voice answered the second time out of heaven, What God hath cleansed make not thou common. 10. And this was done thrice; and all were drawn up again into heaven. 11. And behold, forthwith three men stood before the house in which we were, having been sent from Caesarea unto
12.	And the Spirit bade me go with them, making no distinction. And these six brethren also accompanied me; and we entered
into the man’s house:
13.	And he told us how he had
seen the angel standing in ms house, and saying, Send to Joppa, and fetch Simon, whose surname
is Peter;
14.	Who shall speak unto thee words, whereby thou shall be saved, thou and all thy house.
15.	And as 1 began to speak, the Holy Spirit fell on them, even
us at the beginning.
And I remembered the
word of the Lord, how he said, John indeed baptized with watci ;
shall be baptized in the
25
22
21
Augmenting
of pianist Helena Horn, blues singer from Cafe Society Downtown, who wil be on the new "Cats V Jammers
week. Although she
Making a
25
24

his insistence made.
32
150
31
mm
29
26
est
iltnr%ty.three, Mis. Horn
the blues for
o
BI3S
34
black are poos* to the sun. Their tests ie-
veal that other colors, in the protection against solar heat, are intermediate between white and
black.
LIGHT WALLS COOLER The bureau points out that any dark paint will absorb almost as and will increase the tern* markedly. Wall, covered
Static: In a private letter to a friend, Ed Murrow, CBS London
correspondent said:	"When a
bomb lands near by, it s just 1 to having someone hit you with a feather-covered Ford" ... Art Jarrett will front the late Hal Kemp’s band ... You orchy fans will see Glenn Miller in a picture
titled "Sun Valley" . . ;<T°mmy Dorsey’s latest record Anothei One of Them Things" on Victor,
and Mildred Bailey’s "Georgia On
Decca disc are
has been singing
38
37
me.
36
over seven years.
m
o
•a
FOOLED ’EM
The Chase and Sanborn branch
office in Loi Angeles book great
pride in a letter they received
from a patron two weeks or so
ago. It said that the writer had
been using the firm’s coffee in
and
39
47 46*49 50 51
44 45 46
41 42 45
54
55
52
black
57
56
pwature
with light tints of paint were found to be only slightly warmer
covered witii while
55
his home for many years hadn’t missed one of those Sunday night shows since May, lue/. Now, it continued, the writer was opening a coffee shoppe at hi,
60
59
than those paints.
My Mind" on a two swell platters.
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—p. s. Write Often
as on
16.
Æjl^o uau fitcm
/iaafanot
&no(

ay ftiavtnyvuvwt y
'OU/ -

c&wr of you. fa out cufon. you.

but ye Holy Spirit.
Xrfl
17.	If then God gave unto them the like gift as he did unto us, when we believed on the Lord Jesus Christ, who was 1, that 1
could withstand God ’
18.	And when they heard these
things, they held their peace, and glorified God, saying, Then to the Gentiles also hath God granted repentance unto life.1
SF

J>

«
%
#
l
X
V
V


y/z'
«
He A*»w*r» the Critic#
ft
Petier’s answer to the critics
to all similar
4
r*i

is (he true answer hedging up by the Church, for he contenu himself with showing
ke w# gidy üiH^wms M’s
*****
Th# Bill Srailrâiê. 1
/
###PAGE###7###


K

/

DIXIE
kwtu MOUn*f asyj lait* (oxf*
keeping the fire going during the night, it was also noted that the wood-burning stove would respond almost Immediately to draft adjustments. This made it especially valuable towards the end of the
brooding season.
The test indicated that the woodburning brooder stove in eomparl-with the coal-burner was equally simple of operation, fully as efficient and was operated with almost one third the fuel cost.
Ship Sinkings Hit New Monthly Peak
| How Con I?
t	BY ANNE ASHLEY
A

Tÿjjusands
M
am
n
April, 1941 488,000 tons
* | June, 1940 w# 1475,000 tonal |
Total Losses 1 British Losiss 1
$
*
*
I bleach a faded
«•
Q. How can
dress entirely white?
A. Dissolve l	.
of tartar in two gallons of
#.
m

éooH
a half-cup of

son

cream
water and boil the dress.
Q. How can I keep feather upholstery in good condition?
A. Use a damp rag to wipe off all dirt and duet, then mb with a cloth that has been dipped into the well-beaten white of an egg. After the egg has dried, rub well
with clean cloths.
Q. How can
strong flavor of fowl?
A. By putting diced celery
into the dressing.
How can I remove stains
Future Wars Check Sought
Canadian Psychiatrist Urges Organization to Prevent Recurrent Battles

plug smoking tobacco

I modulate the


organization to be started to prevent future ware was proposed to he American Psychiatric Association in convention at
by its retiring
president, Dr. George H. Stevenson of Toronto.
“If,” he said, “events are left only to political leaders and to emotional reactions of the , and the led, you and I that in 1966, or some such
An
Wm
“Train The Mind
To Mind Train”
toads. Based on the consumption of cutworms alone it is estimated that one toad will consume in a single season, more cutworms than could be killed with twenty dollars' worth of poison.
House pete generally play havoc with the garden and should be kept out of it. Gardeners who do not own dogs are often bothered with the unleashed pete of others. Fortunately they can be kept away. Doga detest the odor of nicotine and will not come near it. Spraying the lower branches of trees and shrubs as well am plants near entrance walks with a diluted solution of nicotine will have the desired effect.
Q.
now
from ivory?
A. Rub with a cut lemon dipped in table salt.
Q. How can
tub effectively?	, .	.
A. One excellent method is to
put a little turpentine into a saucer, use a small cloth, and rub the tub all over with the turpen-Then scrub well with soap
IWK
##gS
Va
Richmond,
I clean • bath
“Train the Mind to Mind the Train" is the title of a painting that will hang on the wall at the plant of the Dominion Bridge Company Limited, 1139 Shaw
Street, Toronto.
Mr. A. C. Comba of the Corn-held the winning ticket in a
«OMP J FM* M j I * PON III FMA
1940	1941
• *
m
the
1939
leaders
know
years, the babies our colleagues
ushering into the world will suffer and die by the millions in another fratricidal war.
GUARD AGAINST 1966 WAR “The ordinary man, the ordin-
----. and child, pay in blood,
and taxes for this fearful
tine.
and water.	. .
Q. How can I add lustre to
dry hair?
A. Try shampooing regularly every ten days or two weeks with
rnmmmm
many	__ .
“draw" for a safety painting at
the recent annual convention of the Industrial Accident Prevention Associations at the Royal York hotel.
A number of original paintings from the calendar series of the Associations were on display in the concert hall during the con-
The "draw" was for one
are bow
a tar soap.
Save Bones And
Help Win War
Householders who save bones for the national salvage campaign are contributing directly to winning thf war by decreasing the import of bone products and helping to conserve foreign exchange, the department of national war
services said last week.
Canada exports between 60,000 and 70,000 hundredweight of bones a year yet there are glue factories which cannot obtain enough raw materials -- bones — to operate on a full-time basis, the report said. A net loss of foreign exchange in transactions of exporting bones and importing bone products has been the result.
ary woman
tears i---
psychosis, a psychosis essentially
preventable, not preventable by us alone, or by any group alone, but by the Intelligent co-operation of all bodies in the social sciences, not least of which should be preventive psychiatry.”
Wood-burning Brooder Stoves
What Science Is Doing
7V2 Billions Of Cigarets
ver.tion.
of the paintings and Mr. Comba chose the one entitled "Train the Mind to Mind the Train."
They've Been Proved Much Cheaper to Operate, Just Ae Efficient ae Other Type#
Sold In Canada In 1939:
Earth Ten
MEASURE METALS IN MAN
New organic chemicals which will measure the iron and copper In a human being with Incredible accuracy were reported last week. The discoveries open a new way
all the metallic ele-
Mary Hughes, daughter of Thomas Hughes, author of "Tom Brown’ll School Days," died in London last month.
London last month.
years old. work among the poor of London caused her to be known as "the angel of the East End."
Would Girdle Times
Ï r„", The Garden Toad
TUT = I u Your Fnend
able, oil k too expensive, hard coal la difficult to obtain and ex-
She was 81 She was 81 A lifetime devoted to
If all the cigarettes Canadians bought during 1939 were laid end to end they would cover the circumference of the earth more than 10 times, it is estimated on the basis of figures released by the Department of Mines and Resources.
The department announced that during that year cigarette sales amounted to 7,571,800,000. That many cigarettes 2\ inches long would make 13 circuits of the 26,000-mile circumference of the earth.
Total value of tobacco manufactured in Canada was $90,600,000, with 165,700,000 cigars and 34,400,000 pounds of other tobacco sold in addition to the cigarette.
It Performs A Service Which Is Hard to Measure In Dollars and Cents
to measure mente whch are essential to man, and which are mostly unassayed as yet In terms of health.
pensive to use.
At the Dominion Experimental at Normandin, Que., wood
Station
burning brooder stoves have been tried out with satisfaction and a comparison made with coal burning brooder stove* on the baeie of fuel prices ruling in that section. The fuels used were cheetnut sise anthracite coal valued at $20.00
and Birch wood costing standard cord, says
In spite of its ugliness, the toad la the gardener’s ally. Once tablished in a garden, it makes demands, and unknown to the gardener it will perform a service which is hard to measure in dollars and cents. It just digs in under a large rock or finds a shady retreat under a board rest-some cool part of the gar It works during the plant
and hibernates
FROZEN SLEEP MENTAL CURE
So-oalled frozen sleep, the human
first de-
HEY! SABGE ^ WHERE'S
hibernation which was veloped for cancer two years ago, now Is helping to cure severe cases of schizophrenia, or split personal-tty, the commonest form of menai 1
trouble.
no
LI

YOUR

AVE
MINARD’S

I
per ton
$6.00 per George Hodgson, Poultry Division, Central Experimental Farm, Ot-
‘YOU HEARD?
ing in den.
growing season somewhere out of reach of cold at the beginning of fall to return when the bluebirds and robins make their appearance.
Cutworms and flying insects of the night are the ideal food for
SOLDIERSSaT
HUB OUT TIRED ACHES
t
PREVENTS ADHESIONS
Discovery of a preventive treatment for abdominal adhesions with the new chemical compound, heparin, was reported to the Virginia
Academy of Science last week. Adhesions, by which intestines fast to other organs, have
taw a
ONE-THIRD THE COST Under the conditions and equipment used in the experiment there was found to be a wide margin of spread in the comparative cost of these two fuels. The trial conducted over a period of approximately 67 days, from April 8 to June 16, Inclusive. The coal used in a regulation coal burning brooder stove having a 600 chick capacity. The wood was uncommon type of wood-
A friend of Charles M. Schwab, who occupied the estate adjoining the steel magnate’s, one afternoon approached the latter and tried
to sell him a cow.
14I’ve got a cow you Charlie/ he said.
“Ves? Would she fit into my
Guernsey herd?”
“No, I dunno as she would. “Has she got anything to recommend her?”
“Well, I dunno as she has. “Does she give lots of milk?" “No. I can't say as she gives lots of milk, but Charlie, I can toll you this: She’s a kind, gentle, good-natured old cow, and if she’» got any milk she’ll give it to
you."

Total 1939 tobacco crop was 107,700,000 pounds of which 32,200,000 pounds was exported.
Linim.esI
W
using
I want to sell
grow _____
been a serious cause of major abdominal operations, and there has been no satisfactory remedy.
Heparin prevents clotting not only of blood, but of the water-white substance left after the red corpuscles are taken out. It Is this watery substance which starts the abdominal adheeions.
...CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS...
WHF
BEE SUPPLIES________
WE PAT HIGHEST PRICES FOR Canadian) pure beeswax. Plaaae submit offerings immediately. Lloyd's Laboratories, Montreal.
MEDICAL____________
HAVE YOU GOITRE? “ABSORBO'' reduces and removes. Price |6.00 per bottle. J. A. Johnston Co., 171 King E., Toronto.
ed in a
burning brooder stove also supplying heat to a 600 chick capacity brooder. Both stoves were found to be very satisfactory for brood-
and the labour In-
CLYDESDALES
¦¦I AGRNTS WANTED
LIGHTNING ROD AGENT WANTED to sell Phillips Lightning Protective System. B. Phillips Company Limited, 32 Osborne Avenue, Toronto. _____ ;___________
BE YOUR OWN BOSS. IF YOU CAN create door to door market tor
^Vh^mrsUCŒED'w^H^AM' ILEX. Liberal Commiseion. Repeat business assured. Co-operation.
Sl'nr.Mener: VaV^V£«
fit. Clement, Montreal._
for sale, imported clydbs-
dale stallion Rockaide Mc Qu ai d (25704) form three, foaled 1826. Apply John Manarey, Duntroon, Ontario. _______
ing purposes volved in their operation vis judged to be about the same. No difficulty was experienced in maintaining the desired uniform temperatures in either case. After a little practice in firing the wood
rouble was reported in
BAKERY EQUIPMENT
Modem
Etiquette
BAKERS’ OVENS AND MACHIN -ery, also rebuilt^ equipment always on [------1 _ _	, M .. ‘ .
Correspondence Invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co.. 103 Bathurst St.. Toronto.__________________
hand. Terms arranged.
GOOD RESULTS — EVERY 8UF-ferer from Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon’s Remedy. Munro’s Drug Store, 335 Elgin. Ottawa $1.00 postpaid.____
Grandad says he’d give thing to know what Mrs.
some
Mussolini said to Mr. Mussolini when she heard Halle Selassie had got his kingdom
stove no
CARS, NEW AND USED
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS LTD., Toronto’s oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers; three locations. 632 Mt. Pleasant Road, 2040 Yonge St., letTO Danforth Avenue. Our Used Cars make us many friends.__________
BY ROBERTA LEE
BABY CHICKS__________
FREE valuable gifts for
everyone in the family providing you place your order for Tweddle ilay and June chicks at least ten days in advance of delivery date. Send for illustrated folder showing premium*, also 1041 catalogue and new low price list for May and June. 16 pure breeds, 8 Hybrids. 4 breeds of turkeys to choose from. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus, Ont.
NURSERY STOCK
back.
CRAMER NURSERIES, R1DOB-dale, Sask., Lilacs. Honeysuck es, flowering age 6, $1.50; Flowering perennial collection 30, $1.00; Car-agana or Asparagus three years 300, $1.25.___________________
gem everbearing SITRAW-
berry plants from Peace River district. Healthy, vigorous, $1.50 per hundred prepaid. Arvid Brag-er, Driftpile. Alta.
1.	How should a man at a dance introduce his partner to another couple?
2.	When attending a bridge party, should a woman
with her hat and coat or it with her to the table?
$. When a young man is walking along the street with two girls, shouldn't he walk between them?
4. Should children be taught to rise when an older person enters a room?
6. Would it be all right for a gprl employed in an office to invite the woman who is at the head of her department, lunch?
6. What is the proper way to umbrella?
Answers
1. “Miss Crawford (his partner), this is Miss Miller and Mr. Franklin." 2. She may carry it with her if she wishes, but keep H in her lap. It shouldn’t be placed on the table. 3. No. He should take the curb side. 4. Yes, and they should remain standing until the older person is seated. 6, It is better not, as this usually has the appearance of courting favors. 6. Carry it carefully by the handle, so that its point will not accidentally injure some one.
The little guests at a party were being arranged in a group for a flashlight photograph. Seeing one little fellow who appeared rather awed the photographer spoke to him kindly, sonny," he said. little girl over here."
“Why should 1?" he asked indignantly. “She's my sister."
Attention!
USED TRUCK BUYERS
leave her
EDUCATIONAL_________
COURSE FOR WOMEN ATTKND-ants. Verdun Protestant Hospital gives a year’s training for mental attendants. Requirements, 2 years' High School, and applicants must be 21 years. Apply to Director of Nursing. P. O. Box 6034, Montreal.
purse
carry
“Cheer up, Smile at this
PRODUCERS OF CHICKS FOR 16 years, barred rocks bred to lay and S. C. W. Leghorns Barron strain. None but large eggs set. Rocks and leghorns as hatched H cents. Rock pullets 15 cents. Leghorn pullets 16 cents. Every chick is from blood tested breeders. Satisfaction guaranteed. $1.00 books your order. J. D. Johnson. Fergus, Ont.	___
—IQULTHY—Hi
BRAY CUSTOMERS WRITE OF splendid success with last May-June chicks, especially pullets. There’s immediate delivery on day-old, started pullets in a dozen breeds, several crosses. Incubators running full capacity to take care May-June orders. Bray Hat-cherv. 130 John, Hamilton. Ont
EXHAUST FANS
See our Urge assortment of many makes and models of
EXHAUST FANS. NEW GENERAL
under wholesale. 29 Melinda.
It must be a special type of gravity that brings the large strawberry to the top of the box and the heavy to-to the seed catalog
Electrics, way Toronto Mercantile Toronto.	_____
RECONDITIONED USED
TRUCKS
AND STARTED
B"Puliets?*B«ur*d Rocks. White Leg-eney's Hatchery. Mitchell, Ont.
FOR SALE
for
mate cover.
Not long ago a jury went out early in the day on a simple case, and when it came near the time for court to adjourn, his Honor sent for the jury, and asked the foreman if they required any further instruction. “We need no instruction, your Honor," replied the foreman “but there are eleven pig-headed men who won't agiee
to anything."
Stars Break Into Twins And Triplets
Stars are constantly splitting into twins and triplets, and combining as a result of cosmic traffic accidents, the American Physical Society was told last week.
Dr. Ross Gunn of the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory told the society how aome atara approach close to each other—several
million miles or more explosions within the star system with two or more stars being created by a process of fission or
They may also crash
into each other and form a new
RHEUMATIC SUFFERERS
DECORATE WITH “NU WALL’’ — The economical paint for walla and ceilings. Your hardware or paint store will gladly show you the attractive shades and tell you all about it. NU-WALL Limited, Lea side, (Toronto) Canada._______
At
TRY IT! EVERY SUFFERER OF Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon’s Remedy. Mun-ro'H Drug Store, 336 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
Canada's largest and most reliable
MAKE SURE YOU ARE ON THE right track. Your opportunity at close of the season depends to a very large degree on the ualitv of chicks you selected at e beginning. New low prices now in effect for May and June delivery. Also valuable premiums for orders placed ten days in advance of delivery date. Send
and free catalogue, breeds, eight Hy-
carry an
Used Truck Market
general motors
TRUCKS
the
%
FlK FARMERS
SEED FOR SALE
VEGETARIAN FUR
ALFALFA SEED “HARDY WE8T-ern” all grades and blends, write direct for delivered prices. Hood Seed Growers, Hudson Bay Junction, Saskatchewan._______________
NUTRIA
Bearer. Easily raised. Pair $35.00. Correspondence invited. Robert W. Cole. Clinton, Ont.
for details Sixteen pure brlds. and four breeds of turkeys to choose from. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, On-
FACTORY RETAIL BRANC
LEGAL
TRACTOR, FOR SALE
CAP-
iLvi » ».vm.ui «	—— - ..ornas,
Ontario. Special Department for farmers collections. ________________
J. N. LINDSAY. LAW OFFICE, ltol Theatre Building. St. Th
a no.
10-20
McCORMICKO- DEERING
Tractor. Reconditioned by the International Harvester Co., and in good running order. J. H. McCaw, Barrie, Ontario.
25 FREE CHICKS
WITH EVERY 100 PULLETS OR 1U0 mixed chicks ordered, we give 26 free chicks. Pullets $14.v0 to $11.00 per 100; Mixed Chicks $7.00 to $9.00 per 100:	Cockerels
per 100. light breed, $1.50; heavy breed $6.00. Pullets and mixed cheaper in June. Goddard l hiek Hatcheries, Britannia Heights, Ont.	-
208 Spadina Ave. - Toronto
or Wire
LIGHTNING RODS
— Phone Open Evenings
Writs
LIGHTNING RODS. BUY FROM manufacturer. Save thirty to forty per cent. Phillips Company, S2 Osborne Avenue, Toronto.
SNAPSHOTS TO-DAY TREASURES TO-MORROW
Your films a s carefully and scie 11 Meal I y processed by Imperial, make sure they last.
?;
“Politicians, like actors, feed public applause, and the ballot booth and the box office are where the story is told.”
LEAF TOBACCO
on
Natural Leaf Tobacco Co., Leamington, Ontario. ______
Nervous Restless
Company, 215 Barton Street &•» Hamilton, Ontario.
• er • EXPOSURE FILMS 23c
with beautiful enlargement free. 8 reprint* with enlargement 26c. Thousands of letters from satisfied customers testify quality and service.
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
Dept D, Station J, Toronto.
Victor Moore
I
to our superior
Girls!
Cranky? Restless? Can't sleep? Tire easily? Annoyed by female functional dis-
OF F ER TO INVENTORS
AN OFFER TO EVER? INVENTOR
too
and cause
'
TRADED EGGS*WANTED FOR export to the British Market. Highest market prices paid, r further particulars, write Canadian Provision A Supply company,
in free* sum Seet, VvunUi.
orders and monthly dlstr Lydia *. Plnkham’s Vegetable Compound, famous for over 50 years helping such rundown, weak,
«mditlon*. Made especially /or worn#*.
JKLiemI mm**
!
UN<
The bay-tree was formerly regarded ae a symbol of resurrtA tien.
or
I
division.
ISSUE 21—’41
»
###PAGE###8###



K
t-1
m
v"

lV"s>
.v’



Sr
V.


For Sale .
Tenders Wanted *
Look Here

<
Tariff of Tolls to be collected during
Season 1941, by
THE QUINZE RAPIDS IMPROVEMENT
COMPANY, LIMITED
GILSON
PRODUCTS

to ,he «-«.to. or , «to», to No. J= "I	:% .ti W
years old, broken ; One year old general purpose filly and a number of registered Holstein bull calWk accredited, blood tested. Will dee exchange. JpFv t0 MP^larence T. Brownlee
R. R. 1, Shaw ville
For Sale, Wants, Found,
Lost, etc.
one
IS
district of the township of Bristol. Contractors to supply all materials and all workmanship. Lowest or any tender not.necessarily accepted.
O

FOR SALE—A number of second-hand Cream Separators . Ask about the De-Laval Milkers, those installed are giving
Clifford Cone.
AIR CONDITIONING COAL. BLOWERS
WASHING MACHINES
Gasolene .... $99 95 Electric
Domestic Refrigeration Comercial Refrigeration Milk Cool
I
some yotiug cattle in
good service. Apply to Shawville, Phone 36.
Apply to H. I. SMITH Maryland, Que. I
For use of Improvements ;
FOR SALE—Or exchange for cattle Six Oxford ewes with lambs. Apply to Russell Elliott. Charter!». Phone 30—31
Sawlogs, 17 feet and undet, per 1,000 ft. B. M.................
• , ‘ $
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock, and all other
woods, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, per 1,000 ft. B. M................................... ..........
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock, and all other woods, round or flatted, 30 feet long and upwarks in length, per 1,000 ft. B. M............................................
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock, and all other woods, square or waney board, pei 1,000 Cubic Feet , .
Pulp wood, per Cord......................................
6 cents
$71 00
•••••••••
••••••«*••••••••••••••••••••••
• •••
PASTURAGE Extra good land 10 miles from Shawvillc. Good fences, plenty of water. Apply at the Equity Office.
NOTICE
Tenant Can Be Held
Few realize that it is possible for a tenant to be held to a lease which he has not signed but which has been signed by the landlord, that rent can be cut as much as 35 per cent, that a renewal clause in a
lease may prevent the landlord from A*1 persons having claims against raising the rent. These facts are the above Estate, and all persons owing||| ShaWVÜle brôught to light in Miss Beatrice money to the above Estate are request-Oppenheim’s book, “Look Before ed t0 *yle -he same or make payment, as You Lease.”	| the case may be, within fifteen days, at | •
the office of the undersigned.
QSbawville, Que., May 13, 1941.
In the matter of the Estate of
THE LATE MATTHEW SINCLAIR, IN HIS LIFETIME OF THE VILLAGE OF ShaWVILLE, RETIRED FARMER :—
ees
FOR SALE—XVheel chair in good condition. Priced reasonably. Apply to Mrs, A. B. Palmer, Portage du Fort
cents
Clifford Cone
" Phone 36
FOR SALE—Farm on Lot IS, Range 1, Township of Thorne, containiug 100 acres mostly bush, near highway and is well watered. Apply to David Angus, Charte is.
7J cents
Que.
75 cents
• • • »
Teacher Wanted
CARD OF THANKS
Wc wish to extend our heartfelt thanks to all who so kindly assisted and for the words of sympathy extended at the death of cur beloved sister. Miss Oscelia McMillan.
Mr. and Mrs. James McMillan
5 cents
Cities Enact Their Own
Civil Service Agencies
The 869 municipal civil service agencies in the country are set up on a wide variety of legal bases and under many types of organization, the Civil Service Assembly of the United States and Canada reported recently.	•
Known by more than 50 different terms—although the majority are called “civil service commissions”— the agencies may be set up by the state constitution, by an act of legislature, by municipal charter or by a local ordinance.
In California, for example, a city whose voters have approved a civil service charter amendment must obtain permission—usually a formality—from the state legislature before civil service becomes effective, although cities may install merit systems by ordinance. In Ohio, the constitution requires that city civil j service commissions be established for selecting employees in all municipal departments.
Provisions in the civil service acts of Minnesota, New York, Rhode Island, Tennessee and Wisconsin authorize the state personnel agencies to render technical and administra- j live service to local jurisdictions for a fee.
More than three-fourths of all city civil service agencies are of the three-member type, appointed so as to provide overlapping terms and thus to further continuity of policy, according to the survey. Commissions of five members are next high in number. Most of the municipal civil service commissioners hold office for six years, and in a few cities the commissioners serve at the pleasure of the appointing authority.
Many civil service commissions, especially in the smaller cities, do not employ an executive officer, but elect one of their own members to serve in that capacity. In the larger cities the trend is toward the appointment of a trained, salaried
executive to handle all administra- |
tive work.
Teacher wanted for School known as “ Acres School,” holding an Elementary diploma. Applicants state experience and salary expected.
Harland C. Row at, Notary
Shawville, Que.
. E. C. WOOLSEY,
Secretary
L. E. SMITH, Secretary Treas. Campbell’s Ray, Que.
>

V
V'
%
WiW* ‘
>

f
}
\
1
>



V
4

t
It

i
i

w
as
it
l
K
à!
!

/
/
V
>
m
>
fc.
?
1
»
î
1
mi
ym
A Statement by the Minister of Finance

e k




' X
m

9
r<
••••¦•¦ ;; - v/«*X !$*
.%%w
%

\ 3


%
jn

¦ v

In money alone, this war is costing Canada in round figures, $4,000,000 a day. That is three and one-quarter times the daily cost of the last year of the last war. This conflict' costs so much more because it is a battle of giant, swift machines men. And to build other than the very best machines would be futile. They must be worthy of our men.
national income and by record savings deposits.
If every person who has savings or who can make payments out of wages or income will invest in Victory Bonds, the Loan will be quickly subscribed. But the wholehearted support of every citizen is necessary.
What Canadians have done before, Canadians can and will do again. Our population was less than nine millions in 1918 and 1919. Yet in November, 1918, our people invested $616,000,000 in Victory Bonds. Eleven months later, in October, 1919, they invested $572,000,000. The total subscribed for Victory Bonds in those two loans was $1,188,000,000. This year, with our population increased to more than twelve millions, the nation that did it before can do it again—and in greater measure.
The terms of the Loan will be announced May 31st. Get ready to buy every Bond that you can.

X»
:

.* T.
B
»
V

t

•X
Many Freakish Exhibits
Never Enter Museums
Museums get many amusing and freakish offers to place on exhibition and purchase odd, unique, historical, etc., things, but in most cases, the offers are turned down for various reasons; mostly because they are not bonafide curios and because in many instances the sellers ask too high a price.
As a matter of fact, museums don't even accept everything that is offered to them free. To accept a specimen, means postage, express or freight, correspondence, cataloging, printing of gift, name of giver and other details, all of which would entail considerable expense.
One woman offered to sell her husband's body which “is petrified, and as he was no good to me in life,
I should like to turn him into cash as a curiosity or as phosphate.” This offer was made to the New York Museum of Natural History.
Another offered the Pittsburgh museum a complete set of hair clipped from each of the former German royal family including Kaiser Wilhelm. A New York jeweler offered T. R. Roosevelt’s tooth, set in a circle of diamonds. And in New Jersey, a man wanted to sell to a museum, the “original” apple with which Eve tempted Adam.



i

%

l
»

1.

.4

I
:
8 «

r

*
I

as well as of
f
i
• • ?
H
?
il
3


BT
E
A #
4*

¦
tTmiiyjKw
m.


>v.
<7*
f ~ M . '

Canada dare not sacrifice men for lack in quality or quantity of fighting machines. Hence we must produce them on a scale hitherto undreamed of.
and will not


# # e
• • ?
l
o

V *
a

i


?



: >
: :
INI
g a
:
i *
9.

1





mm
To do this, Canada needs now to borrow from her citizens at least $600,000,000 in addition to the revenue raised by taxes. To obtain this money Canada will on June 2nd offer Victory Bonds.
m
M


.

,
w
%

y


Fortunately, Canadians have the money to buy these Victory Bonds. This is shown by a greatly expanded
1

i
. mm





v
r
MINISTER OF FINANCE
bl
Gadget Guesses Weather
If an ultra-modern device, now in use by the United States weather bureau. comes up to expectations, the word, “probably” in weather forecasts, will become almost extinct and weather conditions for a week ahead will be forecast with accuracy. The new gadget is called “radiosonde.” It was developed by the bureau of standards, weighs two pounds and is attached to a balloon from five to six feet in diameter. The device can reach an elevation of 70,000 feet. In the air, the machine transmits radio signals picked up at weather bureau stations on the ground and from these signals, men w! o listen, can tell by their sound | and frequency just what the air pressure, temperature and humidity is at the altitude from which the automatic device is broadcasting.
rfùutA /
(
g
m m

Mi
• -J9
v






« Km


ttÇJÊB
.

'

V»
1
!
#? s 'T



F •

Ç*j#
SEBSnuH
;r*
amm a ^

•4 r
>r


> 1
*
*r3
'» f ¦

