###PAGE###1###
?
No. 13. GVi d Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY.
SEPTEMBER 28th, 1944
Fit. Lieut. Harold Walker, D.S.O., D.F.C., Arrives in Shawville
For 78 years
Tornado Causes Extensive Damage in Shawville and District North of Village
Outbuildings of tendon Workman and Herman
Emmerson in Path of Twister
30WLING
School
i
Flight Lieutenant Harold Walker, D.S.O., D.F.C., and his wife, the former Miss Evelyn Dale, arrived in town Friday evening of last week, from Harrington, Ont., where the distinguishd flyer had been visiting his parents since his arrival from overseas.
Fit. Lieut. Walker, who was the accountant in the Bank of Nova Scotia here, before enlisting, attended the Fair on Saturday, where he met many old friends who / pleased to welcome him and extend congratulations.
HARDWARE
H3 BANK ST. (Cor. Somerset)
OTTAWA

jÿ been the leading business prhool in Eastern Canada and is still going strong. Individual
instruction.
W. C. COWLING president
NAILS STAPLES FENCE WIRE
SCREEN WIRE GALVANIZED PAILS MACHINE OIL
GLASS
PUTTY
PAINTS
VARNISH WATER PAINTS
PAINT OIL
Extensive damage was caused in i School and at the Community Hos-ShawvjUe and the district North to pital. At the hospital a large section Charteris section in Clarendon town- of a storage shed and the roof of ship at 2.30 Thursday afternoon of the nurses’ residence were tom off last week, when a tornado of terrific as well as the large brick chimney violence roared out of the Southwest on the kitchen. Patients in other
L.rcÆ'Æ SSHSs:
MV
The Grandy Master of Quebec, G.	- -	'street had been cleared.
Carswell, and the Grand Secretary,
W. W. Williamson, both of Montreal, were present, and to the former for reception of his medal was presented R. G. Hodgins by P. D. D. G. M.
W. E. N. Hodgins, and Bro. Davis by Vertal Smiley present D. D. G. M.
Addresses of congratulation and response were given by those present.
Following the meeting in the lodge room, a banquet was served in the dining room, followed by a number of toasts, with W. M. Arnold Hamilton presiding. The toast to the Grand Lodge of Quebec, was made by Vertal Smiley, D. D. G. M., and replied to by the Grand Master and Grand Secretary; W. E. N. Hodgins, of Ottawa, proposed the toast to the Grand Lodge of Ontario which was replied to by P. M. J. A. Dobbie, of Ottawa, and J. McIntosh D. D. G. M. of Ottawa
was made by Bro. N. A. Drummond, and replied to by Bro. R. W. Anderson, of Hull; R.W. Scobie, of Ottawa;
V. W. Moore, of Hull; rW. M. Benedict and Stan. Metcalfe, of Ottawa.
Enter any time
were
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
JAMES A. MILLAR
« IA. IL. l . L
advocate, barrister,
129 MainSt.,Hull,Que.
Al Moyle's Hotel, Campbell's Bey
Wednesday morning
® P°*HacHou»o,Shnwrille,every
Wedneed
etc
toppling trees, buildings and everything in its path. First evidence of the havoc of the storm was in the neighbourhood of the Hodgins’ brick yard and the residence of Albert Yach, just South of the village limits where huge trees were broken and toppled over.
Following along Centre street,
South, it caused damage to the
1 %dwm°T%ai. "Y
whirled in a zig-zag Easterly direction up-rooting huge trees. At the residence of E. R. McRae, King St., ,	„
East, a chimney was completely lifted Fortunately no injuries have been coming down through the roof of reported in the village although his Summer kitchen. On the Main there were a number of narrow Street huge trees were smashed at escapes.
the residential properties of W. A. Herbert Wilson had just set up Hodgins, G. L. Hynes, S. E. Hodgins the lower frames of his new dwei-and Mrs. Mae Armstrong.	ling house on Victoria Ave., North
The full fury of the twister cen- of Mrs. Hunt’s residence when they tered on Victoria Avenue, where were flattened and twisted, tall Carolina poplar trees line the ‘ On the C.P.R. station property at roadway on both sides. Most of j North end of Victoria Ave, a large The toast to the visitors these were up-rooted breaking large * section of the telegraph line was
sections out of the cement sidewalk I blown down, the roof of the old in several places. Many windows Dowd Milling Company’s elevator were smashed by the falling trees, was completely lifted and carried telephone and electric lines in the away, and a stock car was lifted off residence of Dr. Powles, the High I its trucks and set forward about a
foot; the long loading trestle for J.
IM. Argue s lumber was completely wrecked, and a draining tower for oil cars was turned over and damaged to some extent.
On the hill overlooking the rail- flatters ! way yard, the saw mill of J. M..vr ! Argue was considerably damaged, the roof being tom off the building, U as was also the roof of the village '	™
water tank a short distance from | the saw mill.	*
Fred McCagg had just driven into J. M. Argue s mill yard when the storm came. He ran into a nearby building and a number of timbers fell on his car crushing -it and causing about $100. damage.
From here the tornado cut a swath through a maple bush—purchased a few years ago by J. M. Argue from the Jas. L. Shaw Estate—to the 7th Line of Clarendon, where a high steel transmission tower of the Gatineau Power Co., was turned over and twisted beyond repair.
A great many buildings on the fringe of the terrific swirl had some shingles blown off the roofs and a couple of large ventillators on the Shawville Creamery building were
_	.	,A1_	„	, ripped off. In the Exhibition grounds
In keeping with > airs all over the where the annual Fall Fair was in country, industrial exhibits were its opening, a couple of large tents abnost out. However, a very fine pulled from their stakes and took display by the Dominion Dept, of the air, and a few panels of the Agriculture, of models of various fence on the West side of the Fair kinds of farm equipment and build- grounds were blown down.	I
ings attracted great interest, while ____ _______ ___ __ ___________^
the New Calumet Mines had an in- direction the twister cut into the I teres ting display of lead and zinc, buildings on the farm of Lendon
^ kinds ^ of stock and Poultry | Workman and wrecked every one of | X. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg Optometris
One
NOTICE
N
This store will close at 12 o’clock, noon, every Wednesday, beginning May 31st
W
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
notary public
Trees were up-rooted also on the properties of Mrs. Jos. Hunt, John
re-
Graduate of McGil University
8H AW VILLE, QUE.
showing of the National Film Board
i. Here a large window was blown into the building, falling just a few feet from the first row.
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
4 Estate C. J. Caldwell f-
«I. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
1
Solicitor, etc:
Office^ Campbell's Bay, Quebec
(In Lawn Block)
w
D. J. CAMPBELL
yeteninary Surgeon
Ladies Winter
Coats
DONAT Le GUERRIER
Notary Public
CAMPBELL,S BAY QUEBEC
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
ealt with by correspondence
Record Attendance at Shawville Fair

Livestock Showing Outstanding Feature
Tweeds, Boucle’s,
Blanket Cloth
Plain and Fur Trimmed Fitted and Box Styles
. H. K. NEILSON

a
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat
SPECIALIST

Although the weather was much too chilly for an outdoor event it can be said that the 88th annual exhibition of Pontiac Agricultural Society, No. 1. commonly known as Shawville Fair, held during the past week, surpassed all previous records in point of attendance and livestock exhibits.
Ayrshire calf and Clarence Brownlee’s Holstein calf was the reserve champion.
The cattle show was the largest in the history of the Fair, over 250 animals being housed in the Exhibition barns and the Skating rink, which has been used for the past few years for the cattle. All the principal breeders in the district had entries and there was very keen competition in Durhams, Holsteins, Jerseys and Ayrshires.
Most all of the classes for horses were well filled, but a marked falling off was noted in the exhibit of mares and foals.
The poultry house was well filled with a fine lot of birds but not over crowded.
v
i
UILDI

OTTAWA. - ONT.
PHONE, 2-7961
$25.00 to $90.00

Long before the actual opening of the Fair on Friday—School day—a large number of people arrived in town, and the majority of these were former residents of the Eastern section of the county, who had come especially to meet old friends, and a great many acquaintances were renewed as will be seen in the personal column of this issue, many coming from long distances doubt, came to the village to see the damage caused by the tornado on Thursday afternoon.
School children did not have to almost out wait for the extensive midway to set up as in former years, various rides and attractions of Daniel’s Greater Shows having been set up and in operation early in the week.
The Fair enjoyed a record-breaking patronage for both Friday and
Saturday’s show as did also the night I feeds was displayed by the Ottawa I them except his residence" and a show on Friday, when the largest	Valley Grain	Products,	Ltd., of Ren-	small	frame granary which was	very
exhibit of livestock ever displayed	frew.	badly	twisted. One small pig	was
the^5)ttaNy*? ^ alley entered the The general exhibit in the Main killed and nearly all the fencing was ring. The cattle parade was so large Hall appeared much below average, broken down or carried away, that some animals had to be left in Even on the second floor, where the Between the Workman farm and the bams. There was an exception-	. ladies hold sway, the	showing was	Yarm	the fields are littered	with
ally fine display of light horses, and	considerably	smaller	than usual.'sheets	of roofing metal, poles	and
the writer doubts if any of the Na- Only three Women’s Institutes had lumber. A log bam belonging to tional Fairs ever had a finer exhibit displays in their part of the build- John Hodgins, situated in the centre of Agricultural horses. In the gen- Jng, where they conducted a tea of a field half way between the 8th eral purpose class there were twenty room. On this floor there were very Line and Yarm, lost its upper section entries and all of these animals were intresting displays by No. 9 School, and was almost tom apart entirely not lacking in quality either. A Bristol, the Junior and Senior Red and some farm machinery in the great improvement was noticed in Cross Societies.	building was damaged.
.Uewberc m tin-issue.	paH of the village had electric cur-
On Friday afternoon the Pipe rent and only a few street lights
were on in the central section of the town
still out of commission but main lines to Ottawa, Campbell’s Bay and Renfrew have been restored, iyfirt&t credit the Gatineau
Pontiac Rural Telephone Co., for the speedy manner in which they restored lights and communication.
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT - BARRISTER HULL. QUEBEC Consultation» by Appointment

Yard Goods Dept.

Dress Materials
Heather-spun Wool Crepe Plain, Stripped, Printed
Some, no
BEATTIE EVE SERVICE
462 Bronson Are., Cor. Gladstone
OTTAWA. ONTARIO


Special at $1.00 per yard
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Still lashing in a Northeasterly | Specialists ou all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
I
Reg Optometrist
Herringbone Suiting
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE

Brown, Navy, Copen 56 inches wide
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
$1.95 per yard
Boucle Coating
QUE
SHAWVILLE
I
Black and Airforce 56 inches wide

$3.50 per yard

Talking Pictures
“HELLZAPOPPIN"
Starring
OLSEN and JOHNSON
tiens on their Up to Tuesday night only
1 f
ill
cattle classes: the Shawville Creamery trophies for the best dairy herds,
Ayrshire and Holstein, and these	¦ IB
cups were presented by Mr. A. G. Band of the Cameron Highlanders, Brough, to S. W. MacKechnie, of of Ottawa, paraded in front of the Wyman, for the best Ayrshire herd, Grand Stand, and on Saturday after-and to Norval Kilgour & Sons, of noon the R.C.H.A. Band of Petawa-Shawville, for the best Holstein | wa, entertained on the Band Stand, herd, Walter Kilgour accepting
Store closed every Wednesday afternoon
at
Several telephone lines are
Shawville Theatre
Friday, Sept. 29
At 8.80 p. m.
THE W. A. HODGINS STORE
Shawville
I	I ¦	Picture shows followed by dances
The Purina Inter-broed I rounded out each days’ program, Competition, cup# donated by and all of these, under the auspices Shawville Milling Company, of the Agricultural Society, were won by S W. MacKechnie’s well patronized.
&
due the linemen of wer Co., and the
Quebec
'"E
V


###PAGE###2###
TABLE V
CANADA PACKERS LIMITED
The statement shows the distribution of each ft 00.00 of Sties. Out of each $100.00 of Sales, the following *====f=aL sums were paid:—
To Producers, for live stock
To Suppliers .............
To Employees To Service Organizations ..
To Bondholders ....
To Taxing Authorities
The above items were paid out to persons other than shareholders. They total $98.SO
The remainder was retained by the Company for the benefit of Shareholders Add income from investments.........
Gross Profit out of each $100.00 of sales
From this sum of $t.5t there was set aside For Depreciation
For Wartime Inventory Reserve .24
Remainder, Net Profit....................
Out of this remainder, dividends were paid to Shareholders.......................
The balance was retained as working capital for the extension and improvement of the business
REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
$83.60
$3.08
The seventeenth year of Canada Packers Limited closed March 30th, 1944.
Both in respect of Dollar Sales and weight of product sold, the year established new records.
Sales were ....................................
Previous high (Fiscal 1043)	$169,111,070.71
Increase over previous high ...................
Weight of product sold, was ..................
Previous high (Fiscal 1943) 1,328,616,840 lbs.
Increase over previous high ...................
been the phenomenal increase in production. The first word should be a sincere tribute to the Farmers of Canada. ,
When Germany overran Western Europe in the early months of 1940, one phase of the disaster was that Great Britain was deprived of important sources of food. In this respect the most serious loss was that two-thirds of her external Bacon supplies were cut off.
Canada was the only source from which those Bacon supplies could be replaced.
An urgent appeal was made to the Farmers of Canada, and the measure of their response is indicated in the following table:—
TABLE 1
6.77
• see
3.45
14.90
01
• #
1.59
$306,155,937.74
22%
1,582,932.569 lbs
t.5o
19%
e e
01
e e
Dollar sales were three times, and weight of product sold, twice, those of the last pre-war year.
• e , e
Profit after taxes and depreciation was $2,187,586.76 Equivalent to
.	#1.51
45
1.06% of Sales
69
Prior to 1940, the heaviest shipments of Bacon to
Great Britain in any one year had been .... 192,000,000 lbs.
Followjng the appeal of 1940, shipments have been as follows:
. 344,000,000 lbs. . 460,000,000 "
. 524,000,000 ”
"	1944	(5	months	estimated)	.. 900,000,000 "
560,000,000 " This increase in exports of Bacon is all the more phenomenal, when it is remembered:—
(a)	that record increases have occurred also in production of. all other forms of live stock and live stock products,— Cattle, Sheep, Poultry, Cheese, Butter, Eggs;
(b)	that these enormous increases have been achieved with a farm population reduced 26 per cent. (Labour Gazette, May 1944).
From this w as set aside for Wartime Inventory Reserve ..................
Equivalent to ......................
82
500,000.00
24% of Salts
39
During 1940 "	1941
Leaving Net Profit Equivalent to ....
$1,687,586.76
82%
* # a # *
• •
• »
It
1942
i.e. 4/5 of 1% of Sales
• • •
43
# #
ft
1943
Except that of the low depression year,—Fiscal 1932,—this is the smallest net profit in the history of the Company, in terms of percentage of sales.
Nevertheless, because of the record sales, the sum of the net profit was the highest but one in the Company’s history.
One other record was established.
Income and Excess Profits Tax was
* The Dominion Bureau of Statistics publishes ao annual review "Slaughtering and Meat Packing."
This review contains much useful information, but includes no statement of profit of the Industry as a whole.
Such a statement could easily be added, and the value of the report thereby greatly enhanced. Publication of total results need involve no disclosure of the results of individual firms.
This story of the year’s operations is reduced to still simpler terms, if condensed and transposed as follows:—
TABLE VI
$3,023,214.06
This was $600,000 above the previous high of Fiscal 1942.
Apart from the Farmer’s patriotic response, three factors have been important in bringing about these phenomenal increases in live stock production. They were:—
(1)	that for live stock and live stock products there has been an unlimited demand, whereas until recently cash outlets for grain have been restricted.
(2)	that throughout the war period there has been a substantial extra profit in marketing grains through the medium of live stock,—as against selling them in the cash market.
(3)	that throughout there has been the stimulation of advancing prices. The measure of this advance is seen in the following table, which sets up the average price per 100 lbs. (Toronto market) of cattle and hogs, for the period 1934 to 1944:—
Packer’s Selling Price ........
minus Operating Expense $14.90 minus sum retained by Packer ..................
#100.00
A
Income and Excess Profits Taxes for the five war years have been..............................
B
$9,531,025.76
In each of the war years, a sum has been set aside out of profits for Wartime Inventory Reserve. The item this year is #500.-000.00.
C
1.50
16.40
leaves a remainder which is paid to the Farmer for his live stock
Several inquiries have been received as to the nature of these items.
By the Department of National Revenue these items are treated as profits, and upon them full taxes have been paid.
And they are profits in every respect except one, v)z. that all or part of them are certain to be lost at some period following the end of the war.
t 83.60
(For convenience in reference, these items arc designated A, B, C, D.)
D
TORONTO MARKET
TABLE II
Sales from the processing of live stock comprise only about 60 per cent of the business of Canada Packers. Other Canadian farm products comprise a further 30 per cent.
In the calculation of Tables V and VI it is not feasible to segregate the percentage of the dollar paid for live stock only. The margin of error is small. The basis of the calculation is the same each year; so figures are comparable from year to year.
CATTLE
HOG#
Premium for A'a paid by
Good Steeri 1,050 lbs. down
Province .Federal of (Dep't of Ontario Agrlc.
B.l
Total
Live weight Toronto
for A'a
Packers
During the war, live stock prices have advanced to levels which cannot be permanently maintained.
For example, present prices of cattle and hogs (on the Toronto market), compared to those of the last pre-war year are:—
1939	1944
at
$	.65
111.60
11.03
11.96
11.66
13.60
11.66
11.06
14.66
16.90
16.1V
80.16
S 4.85
1934
65
5.79
1936
It Is hoped that every Farmer who reads this report will carefully examine Table VI.
65
11.35
11.93
12.66
11.90
11.43
13.26
15.69
16.87
17.20
5.04
1936
65
6.7*
1937
65
5.97
1936
In it is condensed the 'economics' of the Live Stock Industry.
The Live Stock Industry is a joint operation between the Farmer who produces, and % Packer who processes and sells. Muc discussion regarding the Industry seems, to talce ft tor grantc that the interests of the Producer and the Packer are opposed. The fact is their interests arc not opposed, but parallel.
As to the interest of the Producer, there can be do doubt. He wishes to get the highest possible return for his live stock,—in other words he wishes that Item D should be as high possible.
The factors which bring this about are revealed in Table VI They are:—	<
65
6.77
1939
65
7.08
1940
Good Steers (1,050 lbs. down)
live weight...............
B.l Hogs—dressed weight ....
As prices advanced, greater than usual profits were made. But most of the excess has been paid to the Department of National Revenue as taxes. There is no complaint regarding this. In war time the Government must take the extra war profits.
However, when the decline comes in the post-war period, losses will be made, the counterpart of the extra war profits.
From this there will be no escape.
The Wartime Inventory Reserve is set up as a buffer against these anticipated losses.	%
The sums set aside for this reserve have been:
Fiscal 1940
1941
1942
1943
1944
65
9	.65
1941
8.70
$ 6.77	$11.70
11.90	17.20
65
1948
10.29
11.76
11.70
65
3
65
1943
65
1944 (7 months)
40
65	$1.95
Increase in price 1939-VM4—Cattle - 73%; Hog
The combined effect of the increase in production, plus advance in price, is reflected in the following table (Dominion Bureau of Statistics) :—
TABLE 111
A’s - 61%
as
Cash Income from Sales of Live Stock
.......................... $195,386,000
245.243.000
320.900.000
383.400.000
449.716.000
1939
That Item A,—the total sum for which the products are sold,—should be as high as possible.
In this at least, the interests are parallel. For the Packer constantly strives to get the highest possible price for his products.
1
1940
1941
1942
1943
# e
S 579,000.00
380.000.	00 1,310,000.00
650.000.	00
500.000.	00
e # *
Increase 1939 to 1944 ...............
Number of Canadian farms,
approximately ................
Estimated number of farms selling live
stock .........................
Average increase per farm, 1939 to 1944
The above table is the record of the sales of Live Animal» only. In addition,—Animal Products comprise Poultry, Eggs, Butter, Cheese, Milk, Wool, Fur Farming. The complete picture is that of Animals plus Animal Products, as shewn in the following table (Dominion Bureau of Statistics) :—
TABLE IV
$254,000,000
That Item B,—the Packer’s operating expense,—should be as low as possible. In other words, that his efficiency should be as high as possible.
700,000
2
Total
$3,419,000.00
Whether this total is too much or too little, no one at present can tell. But the following facts have a bearing:—
(1)	To convert this year’s inventory (March 30, 1944) to the price basis of the last pre-war year (March 3oth,
1939) would require a reserve of ..
(2)	In the deflation year 1920-21 following the last war, the four Companies which now comprise Canada Packers, made a combined loss on operations of $5,500,000.00
500,000
$508
It is certain the Packer works constantly, In hie own interest, to improve his efficiency.
And in this he is working equally in the interest of the Producer.
$6,600,000.00
3
That Item C,—the sum retained by the Packer one which the Producer cannot challenge.
# *
Here, on the surface, the interest of the Producer and the Packer may seem opposed.
And it is true that if the Packer receives more than he should, to that extent the Producer receives less than lie should.
How much does the Packer receive ?
No record is available for the total Industry. However, the results of Canada Packers have been published annually since the formation of the Company in 1927.
in the 17 years—
the highest Net Profit was the lowest Net Profit was average Net Profit for the 17 years was 1.4% of Sales
For the year under review, it has already been seen that Net Profit was
Probably in no other major industry is the percentage of profit so small. And to the Producer, it is only the percentage which matters. The Producer is concerned with question only. That is: how much does he get back out of each sales dollar?
should be
Cash Income from Sales of Animals plus Animal Products
$364,224,000
428.503.000
558.808.000
718.166.000
834.184.000 $470,000,000
600,000 $783
In the marketing of live stock, the Packing House is an essential link. For live stock as such cannot be consumed. The Producer sells his animals to the Packer, who processes them and markets the products. The Packer, in short, is the Farmer’s marketing agent.
It follows that the operations of the Packing Industry are of vital interest to the Producer. Unfortunately, no complete Profit and Loss record exists for the whole Industry.*
In cases where information is lacking for the Industry as a whole, the records of Canada Packers will be used. These have been published in full, each year since the formation of the Company in 1927.
Because of its importance that of Canada Packers, for the year under review, is here reproduced in s upie form.
1939
1940
# e * e
1941
1942
1943
Increase 1939 to 1944 ................
Estimated number of farms selling animals and animal products .... Average increase per farm 1939 to 1944
• • • •
• •
On January 2nd, 1944, the final payment was made upon the Collateral Trust Serial Debentures. The Common Shares are now the Company’s only outstanding securities. This is an important event in the Company’s history, and the occasion seems appropriate for carrying out a plan which the Directors have had in mind for several years, viz. to make possible a wider distribution of the Company’s Shares.
To this end, Shareholders will be asked at the forthcoming Annual Meeting to approve a By-law to subdivide and reclassify the issued and outstanding 200,000 Shares of the Company. Each Shareholder will receive with the notice of the meeting, a copy of the By-law which contains full particulars of the proposal.
• e •
The year under review is the fifth war year.
There seems good reason to hope that the end of the war in Europe may now be in sight. It is therefore an appropriate time to look back over the war period as it has affected the Live Stock Industry, (of which the Packing Industry is the marketing branch).
The outstanding wartime feature of the Live Stock Industry has
• • •
i
2.8% of Sales .7% of Sales

82%, i.c. 4/5 of 1%
(
i
one
(Continued on Next Pay)

###PAGE###3###
ON THE DOTTED UNE
CANADA PACKERS LIMITED
The proposals are:—
(a)	that Canadian live stock should he processed in a large number of co-operative plants, as in Denmark;
(b)	that the Packing Industry should he nationalized.
I Every Packer would welcome the development of co-operative I plants. Only one exists at present,—The First Co-operative Packers at Barrie, Ontario. It is unfortunate that there is not at least one in each of the chief livestock producing Provinces. Such plants would be sources of information regarding the facts I of the Industry which Farmers would accept without question. The existence of a number of co-operative plants would lead to a greater measure of understanding between Producers and I Packers than has ever existed in the past.
However, the establishment of co-operative plants would of necessity be a slow development. The reason lies in the highly competitive nature of the business, and the fact that the difference between profit and loss is a small fraction of a cent per pound. As Farmers became aware of the risks of loss on the one hand, and of the very low margin of profit on the other, the desire to launch co-operative plants would be less keen.
It is worth repeating, however, that no single development would . do so much to promote a realization of the common interest of Producer and Packer, as the establishment of a number of cooperative plants.
As to the second proposal, it is hard to think of an Industry less suited for nationalization. The objection which comes to mind first is the danger of loss from spoilage if a Government organization were handling daily, tens of millions of pounds of perishable foods. The danger would arise because the chief safeguard would be removed, by reason of which such losses are avoided.
That safeguard is competition.
The reason such losses are avoided under a system of competition is that the penalty of not avoiding them is ruin. Under a state-owned system the National Treasury would foot the bill.
However, the chief penalty of eliminating competition would fall upon the Producer. To him the loss would come as the result of lowered efficiency.
The net profit of the Packing Industry as it exists, probably does not exceed 1 per cent. That is the total price which the Producer | pays for the Packer’s efficiency. Gan anyone doubt that nationalization would result in a loss of efficiency equivalent to several times 1 per cent?
The Producer would be the only person to absorb this loss. It I would come to him in the form of a lower pay-back out of the sales dollar.
• • •
The foregoing has been an attempt to set down the facts of the Packing industry. It has dealt chiefly with the obligations, and the mutuality of interest, which obtain as between Packer and ! Producer.
! The argument has been that the Packer has played a large and constructive part in the development of the Canadian Live Stock Industry, and that he has done this at a very low percentage of profit on his sales.
But, in a report to Shareholders, if is fitting that some reference should be made to the position and interest of the Investor.
The Capital Investment in the Packing Industry in Canada is $96,000,000 (Dominion Bureau of Statistics, 1942). Those who supplied this Capital did so with the hope of getting a return on their investment. And for this no apology need be made.
The attraction of the Industry from the Investor’s viewpoint Is that turnover is rapid. Capital is turned over many times in a single year, so that a small percentage of profit on turnover produces a satisfactory yield on capital. In the case of the successful companies, the investment has been profitable.
These facts have been sufficient to attract adequate funds to the Industry, in spite of the further fact that large sums have also been lost. The hazard of the Industry lies in the fact that the difference between profit and loss is a minute fraction of a cent per pound on the product sold.
By reason of the great increase in live stock deliveries, the plant of the Industry has been under constant strain. This has involved e corresponding strain upon Employees of all ranks. The loss of experienced men, and their replacement by inexperiencd men, has brought an inevitable decline in plant efficiency.
In contrast with war industries, demand for the products of the Packing Industry will be maintained,—perhaps increased,— following the close of the war. It will be a happy day for both Company and Employees when experienced men return, and the large volume can be maintained without the severe physical strains of the past year.
' The Company has
1934. For the first time, Bonus distributed to Employees exceeded Dividends to Shareholders.
Dividends were Bonus was ..
REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
(Continued from previous Page)
As stated above, the profit of Canada Packers in the period 1927 to 1944, has been............
1.4%, of Sales
«#*!<

Probably for the whole Industry the percentage of profit was





less.


But suppose It were more.
An outside estimate would certainly be
What would the benefit have been to Producers if, over this period of seventeen years, the Packing Industry had made no profit whatever?
The answer to this question is arrived at by a simple calcuation.
In that seventeen years, total cash sales of live stock were (Dominion Bureau of Statistics) ..........
Average per year ...................
, If a profit of 2 % Is assumed, it follows that the profit of the total Packing Industry has been 2% of 200 million dollars, l.e..................
So that, If the Packing Industry had made no profit whatever, the maximum benefit to Producers would have been ..........................





2%
-,






IW
I
- -
i

S3,403,000,000.
Gen. Dietrich von Choltitz, commander of Nazi forces in Paris dejectedly signs terms for surrender of French capital at desk in Montparnasse Station. More than 10,000 German troops were captured when city fell. German general has completely lost arrogant air.	.
$200,000,000.
$4,000,000. per year
SIGN LANGUAGE

T


%


$4,000,000. per year
m


mm

.
The number of farms producing and selling live stock is approximately..
Therefore, if, in these seventeen years, the Packing Industry had made no profit whatever, and if all its pro-had gone to Producers, the addition to Producers’ income would
have been .........................
#
And if, as is more likely, the profit of the Industry did not exceed 1%, the advantage to Producers would
have been .........................
Many Farmers will be astonished by this statement.
Over a period of many years, charges have been made from time to time:—
(1)	that the Packing Industry takes a heavy and unfair toll of profit on the Farmer’s live stock.
(2)	that this is made possible by monopolistic conditions and practices.
It is not surprising if the effect of these statements has been to create in the Farmer’s mind, a feeling of uneasiness.
, In regard to Item 1,—a semblance of support for the charge is found in the amount of the profits of the larger companies. Those of Canada Packers are generally the target. In the year being reviewed, the profits of Canada Packers
.......................................... $1,687,000.
To the individual Farmer, who compares it with his own profit, this no doubt seems a stupendous sum.
In relation to the total sales, however, it is a very small sum. Those sales were ..............................
If Sales had been two million instead of two hundred million dollars, the relative profit, at the same percentage would have been.................
That would certainly be considered a modest profit on a business of two million dollars.
Yet, in terms of percentage, the two results are exactly the same.
And, percentage is the only factor in which the Producer is interested.
As to Item 2,—the charge of monopoly also has its origin in the size of the larger companies. The trend in the Packing Industry has been continuously toward large units. It is not surprising if the Farmer is disposed to listen to this charge. He realizes that competition between those who buy his live stock Is, for him, the most vital consideration of all. And he may fear that a small number of large-companies would give less assurance of competition than a large number of small companies.
The fact is that each large company is not a unit, but a group of units. For instance Canada Packers operates seven different plants located in widely separated areas (from Montreal to Vancouver). Within each area its local unit competes with many other units.
And the further fact is, that in addition to the companies operating multiple plants, (there are three of them) a large number of other companies operate single plants. Many of these single plants do a large and increasing share of the business in their own field. It is entirely misleading to represent the Industry as dominated by the larger companies. The latest report of the Dominion Bureau of Statistics (1942) shows 148 plants as follows:—	V

500,000.

f
i*S
oeuf*

t /
4'%

m


fit


&


$8.00 per farm, per year
>




m
t
If
mm
f
¦
$4.00 per farm, per year


e
H
»
I


3
Unable to speak French an Allied soldier uses his ingenuity when foraging along French roads by displaying a sign printed in /french which says: "Have you any eggs?” mademoiselles’ gestures whether they’re giving "V” for victory sign or telling Pvt. Sanders they have two eggs.
It’s hard to tell from
“IMPREGNABLE” DEFENSES NOW RUBBLE
!

now
were



6 ;

1 C
*
i

_ . -
O'
$206,000,000.
m
i
»

%*»
*
m
*

Jr i

r


•V—

s*
$16,870


<
X-

m*nt
*




<
##
, fjL W*r
m
«
,f
1

«
Epr^ I1MMI lie


f

x

- i
4
4
The West Wall at Dieppe, before which so many Canadians lost their lives when they attacked from the sea two years ago, is shown above, shattered beyond recognition by Allied artillery fire as Canadian forces took the Nazi-held French town from the real.
FRENCH BEAUTY GREETS LIBERATORS
maintained its profit sharing policy begun in

**&
<*
..........$800,000
..........$937,000
J. S. McLEAN, President.

WÊM

Toronto, September 5th, 1944.
Extra copies of this Report are available, and so long as they last will be mailed to anyone requesting them. Address to Canada Packers Limited, Toronto.


0
»

67
»
HEIRESS CAN PUT ON THE DOG
ouldn't happen to a woman, but Mrs. BB® I ta McGuire, of Mineola, N. Y., inherited five Pekingese dogs from Mrs. May Marguerite Shaw, of Long Beach, N. Y. But the .silver lining is that if Mrs. McGuire, pictured with some of the Pekes, keeps and cares for them, she’ll receive $100,000 in
monthly installments.
Ontario .......
Quebec.........
Alberta.......
British Columbia
Manitoba ......
Saskatchewan .. Nova Scotia ... New Brunswick P.E.l..........
m
29
i


%

13
t

I
4 1
n

11
8


i
4


m
4

1

VA’A'.V.'A1 WW.

i
t
148


Nothing in the history of the Industry gives ground for the fear that the development of large units results in lessened competition. From its bginning the Packing Industry has been the most fiercely competitive industry in Canada. And competition between large units is more (not less) keen than that between small units.
Two proposals to transform the Industry have been suggested by those who constitute themselves its critics. In principle they are diametrically opposed.
t
I

l



w8w&

When Canadian units rolled into the city of Rouen, this beautiful French girl. Mile Gilberte Fore, greet?! Lieut. J. M. Dussault, of Montreal, with flowers and a happy smile. The civilian population of Rouen, one of France’s largest cities, went wild with joy when Allied troops entered They had been under Nasi rule more than four years.

»



X
i
l
4
###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY
Look Here
Suggest Preparations to
t&r'" follow
Soak the dried vegetables in hot £OR SALE—A number of (Bray) |R- A- Hodgins.
SSSilpEErz. iSi ÉI-
Shawvillc Women's Institute
Mrs. E. H. Armstrong .
Arthur Caldwell . .x..
Gerald Draper...
Mrs. Roy Jones.
Mrs. Mary Howes ...
CEMETERY DONATIONS
Shaw ville, Sept, 28th, 1944
WORK CLOTHES
vit? Dr? C*mPbel1- treasurer of the Village Cemetery Improvement Fund
acknowledges with thanks, the following donations :—

SOUTH ONSLOW SCHOOL BOARD
$ 2.00
5.00
5.00
That give satisfaction and wear to
those who require wearing quality and fit
2.00
2.00
2.00
2.00
2.00
Overalls
Smocks
4
5.00
*
2.00

2.00
r
*

10.00
10.00
Mitts Socks, |
Carhartt Overalls” the name that speaks for itself $2.50
Carhartt Smocks to match $2 SO
Woods famous “Rough Rider"
Overall, heavy denim, strongly made for long
Smocks to match
Combination Overalls, plain denim and heavy blue twill $2.50 and $4 50.
Horsehide Mitts A “Special" Work Sock
e.oo
4

2.00
10.00
2.00
1.00
/
2.00
Jos. A. Steele, Sec-Treas
2.00
2.00
i
1
n
2.00
BRISTOL SCHOOL BOARD
50.00
^rangements have been made.	I fnd whose shapes are too intricate	- s' Sask )
Motion by Cmr. Graham, that all *or satisfactory production by pow- FOR SALE — Massey-Harris Corn i M ... ,	-
School books that have not been der metallurgy. In fabricating narte Binder, almost new; two-row culti- Mrs- w- J- Da6g. Ottawa procured by October 1st, be pur- critical materials where w-iste ila!?r' si*° 13x26. Apply to Herman Mrs A. Coles, Regina Phased from the pupils at 50 per cent, must be minimized, from exnensive Rallantyne. Maryland. Phone 23-32. Mrs. Andrew Hodeins
Pr0,ldi"= -- - - Kr'S* ,»'!»«• -nd fror ---- Robinson. R.nff.w : :
Motion by Cmr. Dods, that the	°nd dimensional ac- ; FOR SALE— Work shop and out- n* r T, T"ckev *•••
following bills be approved and paid: / r U1j1ln onc to several thou- buildings on King Street, Shawville D ' C' McGuire.
v. T. Paul, premium on bus	sandths of an inch, depending on For further particulars apply to Matt Wallace .
msurance ...$59.83 | c SIZ^ and characteristics of the Clifford Atkinson. Greermount, Que. iA Friend.
j-------- Leonard Mec ........00
Seals	T" fCn ,S	i FOR SALE-Fi re-proof safe. 30x30; T Sturgeon- Campbells Bay 2.00
three-vear nlde dnf0r^kl mg’ chirflv E2 ln5h 6alvanlzed Pipe, threaded : Mrs. A. McKnight, Almonte
is? nrrs % s& ::	A,b=w
ters. in trailers, or in makeshift lessen iht thc,ai?lmaIs and thus : Apply to Clifford Cone, Shawville, Clarence Hayes homes, in order to be near indus- R 1 lue of the PeI‘s.	| Phone 36.	Mrs. J. Sinclair
tries where the men of the family f Ra'ny or Lc,oudy weather is pre- ^Herb. Smith
EiHmSHI Erf ~EE'ê j FARM for sale lU cLr—
nations health, progress, and well- JL upts *ho ^e?,de *n th* villages on One hundred acres of good clay and t!*"' CaldweI1 " b^g- . .	a,	St* Ge0rg0 Elands. , l<>am, free from rocks and swamps;/* L lodging ....
To maintain cleanliness and or- After the killing, the skins are re- plcnty of water; hardwood bush; Walton Smiley  
uerliness in a small home that is moved a"d given a thorough curing 6°°d dwelling and outbuildings; 65 | Mrs. Reggie Hod-ins snared by many people requires first 111 sa,t f°r at least 10 days - lhev I 3Cref .u.nder cultivation, more easily) Ben Smith of all good organization. This be- are then rolled singly with a eener '?uai!j?be' . Thls farm is located in L » r	,,	_	_
gins with the old-fashioned motto “a ous supply of salt on the flesh «ini' th<i T°wnship of South Onslow,	one , „ Connelly,	S.	Porcupine
place for everything and everything which is turned inward. Boric acid f m?i« h# f f‘"Am Wy,T'an Sta,ion’ fl P‘ Wllson
£2L\ *5ZAZS" "	I ' St- I	;
Dishes should be washed as soon	Soften Rough Knees	I	W. E. N. Hodgins.
as the meal is over and not left to „ After grubbing around in the Vic-1	pad	e at r	Chas.	Dagg.
stand around to draw flies or other ffj1? garden all summer Milady is i	run	SALE	(John	Judd	.
is an asset, but a lot of bric-a-brac Xery snugly over the knee, and rough !year for four years and testing overadds confusion.	I s*?n Patches may start a run that ! 4 per rent- Also several good grade
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ruins the stocking f<5r future wear bulls by ibe same sire,
To soften the knee skin give It ! ^ ° Z Gibson & Son some extra attention daily either in I	GEORGE CRAWFORD
-	connection with the bath or séparait	Campbell-, Bav. Que.
Still Remains a Mystery a^rShor w ^i^t’h jUt gently- with
___________
**se”
MaMü
• K inbum, Ont
2.00
. $2.50
wear
5.00
Ph
3.50
$2.50
f
1.00
7.00
2.00
i
2.00
5.00
or Gloves $1.00
29 cts
John L. Hodgins
5.00
2.00
3.00
2.00
2.00
Store closed Wednesdays
at 12 o’clock, noon
5.00
2.00
1.00
2.00

5.00
2.00
Of/S
2.00
2.00

SOfxj
H. I. Smith, Sec-Treas
2.00
2.00
2.00 îï<
2.00

5.00
asphalt shingles
rollroopino
ROLL BRICK
masonite
TENTEST
CYPROC
HYDRATED LIME NAILSand CEMENT
mg
2.00
5.00
2.00
2.00
1.00
1.00
5.00
5.00
2.00
2.00
2.00
2.00
5.00
Ottawa
5.00
1.00
2.00
5.00
2.00
2.00
5.00
2.00 it
The Hodgins Lumber Co.
Reward Offered
When gar-1year
The Clarendon School Board will 2 pay Twenty-five dollars ($25.00) for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the party or parties responsible for the damage to No. 10 School
purchased
Eyes Color Perception
I
J. A. DEAN, Secretary-Treasurer
Place Orders Now
Our 1944 quota on Farm Machines is completed with the exception of a few Fall machines.
In order for us to insure delivery, anyone requiring farm machines, barn
equipment or fence wire for 1945 will
be well advised to place orders
Elementary per month, J and ex-
leigh McConnell,
Secretary-Treasurer
Alywin School Board, No.l, Kazubazua, Que.
now.
ap-
PROPERTY FOR
SALE
MRS. WM. KEARNEY 475 Slater Street, Ottawa, Qnt
Try a new McGormic-Deering Cream
Separator now
It will put DOLLAAS in your pocket
W. M. KEHOE,
Wyman, Que
Immediate Phone 21-30,
six
Hodgins Garage
NOTICE

Chevrolet, Buick, Oldsmobile
Service
Sales
Phone 64
R. W. HODGINS
Secretary
*	_	S' A
r

r
rrrJ


*
JML

###PAGE###5###

States Provide Cities
With Revenue Sources
HOUSE FURNISHING
SPECIALS
CEMETERY MEMORIALS
ANSCO
Municipalities of a dozen states were benefited this year by the passage of legislation providing for new or increased shares of state collected taxes and the development of new sources of Independent local revenue, the 'American Municipal association reports.
Cities and counties in Arkansas will receive for the first time a share of state salfs tax collections. Allocations will be based on population except in the case of towns of less than 500, which will receive a flat sum of $200 a year. Alabama cities have been granted 20 per cent of the profits of the state liquor monopoly to be allocated on the basis of the ratio of profits earned by a municipality's store to total profits of all state liquor stores.
The 1943 Kansas legislature provided for distribution of 75 per cent of net revenues from cigarette stamp tax collections to cities and counties. Amounts will be paid monthly to counties according to population ratio; half of the money will then go to cities within the county. Oregon cities will receive allocations from road-users revenues for the first time, and municipalities will be given approximately $135,000 extra annually from increases in customer liquor permit costs. South Carolina cities and towns will receive about $300,000 a year from motor vehicle license fees, and Washington municipalities will share state collected liquor and motor vehicle excise taxes. A new Wisconsin measure allocates to municipalities 75 per cent of drivers' license fees when examinations are conducted locally.^ The North Carolina legislature re-appropriated to municipalities $1,000,000 annually of state collected highway funds for construction and maintenance of city and town streets.
PLENACmWIE
We have the largest stock in the
OTTAWA VALLEY Call and see us
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Phone 278
FILM
\NSSN\\\\\\SSN
is the name for the wonderful film you knew as AFGA AN9CO
of two, and its wrapped in an attractive blue and red car-
Fancy Rayon Silk Bed Spreads, colors, rose, gold and wine, 86 x 100
Superior Quality Table Cloth Sets, five pieces colors, wine, blue and red
Five Piece Bridge Sets, colors, peach, rose, blue, green and gold
Hemstiched Sheets, 80 x 100, extra quality $2.75 ; 77 x 87, good quality
$6.75
One word instead
.. $3. 5
ton
IMPORTANT
$1.90
••••••••#
You know how it is with changes of this sort especially to day
the new packages around. And with the paper shortage
we don't want to waste any of our old boxes. So for a while will you please accept your ANSCO FILM In package., the old blue or the new blue and red?
$1.75
It takes time to get
ESTABLISHED 1883
High-class Window Drapery
INVALID
COACH
A choice selection of patterns and colors for furniture covering or window drapes at 75 cts. $1.25, $1.75 up to $2.25 per yard.
GEO. HYNES & SON
Only the name and package are new
BIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
The film is the same high-quality film you have used for years.
V/Shawville Oue.
Wall Paper
Phone 80
As you are aware owing to the scarcity of paper, we were short of a few lines, but still have 105 patterns to make your selection $ from.
THE CORNER STORE
FARM FOR SALE
Teacher Wanted
Es‘ate Mrs. M. C. Howard Main and Centre Sts SHAWVILLE
Two hundred acres, more or less, being Lots Nos. 10-B and 11-B, on the 9th Range of the Township of Bristol, apply to
Two Qualified Teachers for Sept. 1 Term 10 months. Salary $800.00. Board $25.00 per month. 12 pupils Modern Schools. Apply to
GEORGE TANNER .Sec.Treas.
Danford Lake, Que.
For furher information
Cold Seal Gongoleum Bugs
DUNCAN CAMPBELL
Shawville, Que
Seventeen Congoleum Rugs, sizes 6 x 9 to 8 x 12. Good patterns from $5.25 to $10.50. Choose your rug now while the selection is
good#
MA il I
I
t
IIP
I
1 Hink ^
S°id »ot ,*7 4»
Po*>/on s,fuat
a
*
'Ofely

'/s>
Ply
i.
suOa r " the
'7 ** '»<*„
m
*up-


to
raf'Oned


MATTRESSES
gag

mwk

Va
-:



mmm
JmS^m

••
E



¦
-
$
Sliding Couch Mattresses, good quality covering, in fancy patterns ...
Extra Values
Simmons Mattresses, sizes 39, 48, 54 for $7.95 Simmons Inner Spring Mattress, Slumber King .............................
Simmons Box Spring Mattress, Slumber King
Canadian Mattress Blue Bird Special $8.75 Inner Spring Special ‘Spring Air* $24.50 to $29.50.
Layer Felt Mattresses
^O </

»
&



°on't

nt "> War.
p0ur* wih !'m*- K
d°< don I
mm
9et o//


$7.95 to $8.95

m


you


I#

f.
*
one
tw0


%
-%
buy

I







¦/
&¦
‘1*

tf
y.

B


a
$27.50
¦ I	""









- -4#




$27.50
BC ra
I 1
13a	#
.
4

• ••
Z
5*£
c
y
EOS
I
?*

m
a


A
?
$11.25 to $20.00
s**’

v<g> ^
%
s
r


%


am
X ^
\

Bed Spring* Special





m

at;
i

Regular $12,50
$5.00
Wartime wooden-side springs, and $10.50. To clear while they last at
4?
:
*¦- 1

1



y







i

M

«%
me,:

Store closed at 12 o'clock, noon,
every Wednesday
%
I
y/
%

¦At-



WR
A
' mmm
mssgsB&swjfiïysxsÆ*.'/*. j

'

R
K#

0#
;





ihe sugar situation is A/OTswedr
#
FOUR-FIFTHS OF THE SUGAR CANADA CONSUMES HAS TO BE IMPORTED
This man shows where Canada, Great Britain and the United States got their sugar in the good old days of peace. Our three countries take practically all the ex- i portable sugar from these major sugar-exporting areas.
But supplies have either been cut off by enemy occupation of the country—as in the case of Java and the Philippines or their production radically reduced by shortage of workers, as in the case of Hawaii, Porto Rico, Australia, Trinidad, Fiji.
Even the production of beet sugar in Canada and the United States has been drastically cut by labour shortage. In both countries the "43 sugar beet crop was forty per cent less than in 41. The only country to show an important increase is Cuba, where output had for years been deliberately restricted. But its increase Jias not been sufficient to offset the losses
elsewhere—let alone meet the increased demand.
YOyR
GRAIN

*o
s
ROLLING ON SUGAR
S
The war has brought some unusual demands on the Vnited Nations’ sugar pool. Vast quantities have been taken for making industrial alcohol used in the manufacture of synthetic rubber (tires, etc.) as well as T.N.T. and smokeless powder. For instance, the explosive to fill five 16-inch shells requires as much sugar as
is produced on an acre of the finest sugar land. This year Cuban sugar alone used for making industrial alcohol will equal Canadirs normal sugar imports for more than two years.
PURINA
CHOWS
CUSTOM MIX
DO WE NEED MORE SUGAR?
A century ago the whole world didn’t consume as much sugar as Canada does today. Our sweet tooth has been acquired in quite recent times. Sugar rates high for it* energy value, but starchy food is a good substitute.
THE SUPPLY IS SHARED
THE HEART IS PURiNA '
All sugar supplies are pooled and under the control of the Combined Food Board of ibe United Nations, which allots to Canada, United States and Great Britain on a basis.
>

supplies
uniform
Obtain Top Prices

WE’RE LIVING ON OUR SUGAR CAPITAL
You must have top quality in your dressed poultry to obtain top prices. The last two weeks' feeding on Purina Chick Fafena Checkers gives you that extra Milk-Fed-Finish that pays. .
into "reserve." Liberated nations will have to dip in too. Extra good crops could improve the situation, but greatly increased supplies are not in sight. If current consumption k we could be very short of sugar next year. We must utmost to conserve our supplies.
At the time of "Pearl Harbour" the United Nations had a reserve stock-pile of about 3 million tons, but for the last 3 years we’ve been using more than lias been produced—and dipping heavily
*
Sr
? D
eene up, t do the

RATIONING WAS STARTED BECAUSE OF SHORTAGE OF SHIPS. IT MUST BE CONTINUED BECAUSE WORLD STOCKS ARE DEFICIENT
THIS IS ONE OF A SERIES Of ANNOUNCEMENTS GIVING THE FACTS ABOUT THE SUPPLY SITUATION OF VARIOUS WIDELY USB) COMMODITIES
5
y

SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.

THE WARTIME PRICES AND TRADE BOARD
*
f


###PAGE###6###
I
%
Sale Of Feeder Cattle To Be Held At Little Current
Pimples and Blackheads
Relieved by this Medicinal Ointment
I
ONE-'
oW
I
xvUj
ONE!

Whether in bathing suit or evening drees you become very much embarrassed by skin Affections And irritations on tho shoulders and bock as well as on the face. Why not do something about it—something worth while. Dr. Chase's OINTMENT is a medicinal product on which you can rely for clearing up skin troubles of this nature as well as itching and ecsema.
Mothers who are accustomed to use Dr.
Chase's OINTMENT for baby's skin troubles and ecsema find it so delightfully healing and soothing that they soon acquire the habit of using it for their own skin affections.
GO cts. a box. Economy Jar, five times as much #2.00	_____

one/
The largest co-operative sale of feeder cattle ever planned in Central Canada will take place at Little Current. Manitoulm Island, Ontaiio
time, members of the newly formed Manitoulin Livestock co-« peraUve will offer*for sale approximately 1900 head of Shorthorns and Herefords contributed by three to four hundred cattle producers experience in co-operative marketing of turkeys and sheep on the Island, it is believed, assures the success of this new cattle enter-Tht beef cattle of Manit-


6^

%
Sept. 2R-27. At that

I
Ï
V f
L

I
y

»
Past
NOW you know why
Dr. Chase’s
Ointment

z
•%

prise
oulin Island have long been noted for their excellent type dition to their high health standards, practically all the cattle on the Island are free from warble
makes better cigarettes
>
In ad
%
IS
The Pope * Appeal To Great Britain
More Than 500
Nazi Subs Sunk

flies due to an intensive campaign put on a few years ago.
More than 600 German submarines have been sunk, by the Allies since the start of the war, It was reported last week in a joint Anglo-American statement.
Issued under authority of Prime Minister Churchill and President Roosevelt, the statement added that Nazi U-hoats were “ineffective during July, a month which has been so important for the success of continental operations."
The report said that the number of German submarines destroyed In July was “substantially greater than the number of merchant ships sank.”
Referring to the robot-bomb attacks on London Pope Pius XII appeals to Londoners to “bear their trials with fortitude and with Christian sentiments of forgiveness, charity and mercy so that God
may reward what the world will admire—an example of magnanimity inspired by the spirit of Christ's gospel."
• Wouldn't it he better if His Holiness turned his appeal around and first asked the Germans to cease from this callous form of murder of women and children?
—St. Thomas Times-Journal
people. The last census showed some #,000 Europeans and nearly 16,000 Burghers (a mixture of Dutch, Portuguese and native •trains). Historically, Ceylon was held first by the Portuguese, and then by the Dutch, who were displaced by the British, the National Geographic Society explains.
Ceylon, Springboard For Attacking Japan
Nazi Prisoners
In Zoo Cages
Deadlier Than War
Approximately 325,000 lives have been lost in the United States through automobile accidents in the last 15 years. This is more than have been lost in all American wars since the Revolution.
All the German sailors and soldiers and Quislings and collaborationists taken by the local resistance movement, arc behind the bars of the Antwerp Zov.
They have been put there because it is the obvious place. The loo lies beside the main railway station In the centre of the city •nd the cages have strong bars. Nothing would be more suitable, but it is a fantastc sight.
On the right where the Hons were are German officers. Panther cages have German* tuncommissioned officers places are taken by men of the
Ceylon, the big island in the Indian Ocean where Lord Louis Mountbatten has established, in hill country, his headquarters as chief of the Southwest Asia Command, is a British Crown colony.
The capital and chief port is Columt Trincomalec.
The island had an estimated population in 1940 of about 6,000,000
Ceylon's key position along peacetime's busy trade and travel routes between the Near and Far East makes it now a vital control point for military supply lines, as w*ll as a defense bastion, and a potential springboa «1 for future offensives. As an island close to
There is a naval base at
US
The most important substances required in food are the salts of iron, iodine, phosphorus, calcium (lime), manganese, potash and soda.
mineral
blackshirt Fascist movement. And in the corner on the left, where there used to be wildcats, there is a throng of weeping women.
a great mainland objective of the
Ceylon occupies a geo-
enemy
graphic position similar to that of fallen Singapore.
ACCOUNTANTS Jk AUDITORS
FARM PRODUCE
PATENTS
The tigers
COMPLETE MONTHLY SERVICE, small businesses our specialty. All Government reports prepared. Brett & Company. 8 Wellington East, Toronto.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK FEEDERS can obtain carload lots of barley and oats for feed purposes under Plan C. of the Wheat Board. Can introduce you to Western vendors of feed grains. Present prices, barley 65c, outs 62c delivered Fort William. Also possibly few cars O.A.C. 21 Matting barley. Established over 30 years. Address Fredrick Ind, Lloyd-minster, Sask.
FETHERSTONHAUGH & COMPANY Patent Solicitors. Established 1890;	14 King West, Toronto.
Booklet of Information on request.
CHINESE GIRLS TO RESCUE
ALUMINUM
*11 El I

GRANITE UTENSILS REPAIRED quickly and smoothly with plastic cement. Mend-Holes guaranteed fireproof or money refunded. Price 25c postpaid. Interesting spare time agent's proposition. Address Mend-Holes. 462 Dame East, Montreal
600 YEARLING EWES (Rambouillet Merino and Corroda le cross) for Immediate delivery. 10,000	5 and
6 year old breeding ewes and 40,000 Feeder La mbs for delivery after September 1st. Southern Saskatchewan Woolgrowers Association. Maple Creek. Saskatchewan. O. S. Herrlnger, Secretary.
à
9
S
i


QUILT SAMPLES
Notre
a
HIGH GRADE SUITINGS ABOUT 6x9 makes everlasting quilts 60 samples $1.45 postage included. We also have half yard REMNANTS for boys' knee pants from all color Worsteds, sizes outlined
Included. Louis Rice, 361 Spadtna Avenue. Toronto.
Il A II Y CHICKS
400 BARRED ROCKS PULLETS some leghorns, three months old sell or exchange for other poultry, Znmmit Bros., 5 Kane Ave Toronto.
STAMP#
on material 95c each
BEAUTIFUL BRITISH COLON ES Set of three 26 cents. S. Breadner 1002 Somerset St., Ottawa.
FA KM FOR SALE
OCTOBER & NOVEMBER CHICKS should be ordered 5 to 6 weeks In advance—take stock of your needs and let us have your order now. Some dnyolds and started chicks available for Immediate delivery—mostly heavy breeds. Fall Service Bulletin now ready —get your copy. Pray Hatchery. 130 John St. North. Hamilton, Ont.
AUCTION SALE. LISTING B.N.A., Ri\ Colonials, Foreign, etc. 3,250 lots; wholesale, retail; catalogue free now. N. Begin, Box 125, Station B. Quebec.
*
260 ACRES. BUILDINGS, APPROXimately 100 acres of bush (including hardwood, oak), trout stream, close to highway. Close to Oshawa and Bowmanville; to settle estate. Apply Nina È. Heads, executrix, insurance broker. Bowmanville, Ontario.
#

I
I

_____	WANTED	Hi
WANTED TO BUY, BUSH LANDS or Farms containing bush lands, suitable to cut furniture lumber. Write Bogdon & Gross, Furniture Co. Ltd.. VValkerton, Out
WANTED, RELIABLE FARMERS, who have feed and facilities to fatten young cuttle for market, for fixed price per pound of gain In weights. Owner will supply meal, or part grain, if necessary, on account contract. Nearer Toronto the better. Write fully. W. Post Office, Box 5*6, Toronto.
WANTED TO BUY: ALL KINDS OF •hard wood and soft wood logs also small quantity bolts. Write Bogdon & Gross, Furniture Ltd., VValkerton, Ont.




FARM FOR SALE TO CLOSE AN estate, 174 acres, in the township of Melancthon, county of ferin. Good brick veneer 7-roomed dwelling; barn 60 x 70; 1 % miles from Corbetton, Ontario. For particulars apply to L F. Robertson, Poxvassan, Ontario.
FREE RANGE PULLETS 18 WEEKS of age to laying, Barred Rocks. White leghorns, New Hampshire.*, Hybrids. Free catalogue. Not too early to think about your 1945 day old chicks. Pricelist available. Txveddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus. Ontario.
Duf
193 ACRES, 1 MILE WEST OF Kitchener limits, Kitchener-Stratford highway. Charles XV. Moser, R.R. 4. Kitchener.

PULLETS BARRED ROCKS. NEW Hampshire*. White leghorns. Hybrids and other breeds 18 weeks up to laying. Order your day old chicks for 1945 now. Pricelist and catalogue. Top .Notch Chicken les. Guelph. Ontario.
RESTAURANT FOR SALE
LONG ESTABLISHED RESTAURant. business in city of Stratford, on highway 7 and 8. Residence in conjunction with	business.
Good cash payment required. Owner retiring. L. A Eickmeier, 128 Erie St., Stratford.
Lo
DYKING A CLKANINf
HAVE YOU ANYTHIN!
NEEDS
dyeing or cleaning? Write to us for information. We are glad to answer your questions. Department H, Parker's Dye Works Limited, 791 Yonge Street. Toronto.
HOTELS WANTED
Pert and pretty are the seven Chinese parlor maids who are keeping the lobby and public rooms of the Canadian Pacific Railway Empress Hotel, in Victoria, B.C. in pre-war condition. Under the direction of Miss Violet Chong, head parlor maid, the girls, all Canadian born, are replacing men who have been called to the fighting services or trans erred into vital industry.
HAIRDRESSING
DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR hotel? We specialize in the sala of hotels and have many customers desirous of purchasing. If you will write or phone 1 will arrange to Inspect your hotel. Bert Weir & Son. 156* Dundas Street, London, Ont.
AMBITIOUS GIRLS and MIDDLE AGE
RlirCATIUNAI.
women, learn hulidreasiiig at Canada’s finest and largest school*. Refined, dignified work. Splendid pay. Write or call for free liter-atuie. Marvel Hairdressing Schools. Bloor Street, Toronto. Branches King Street. Hamilton, and 74 Rideau Street. Ottawa.
ATTEND BUSINESS COLLEGE this Fall, Insist on Gregg Shorthand. taught In over 18.000 school*, choice of highly-paid stenographers. secretaries and reporters. "Graduate sooner with Gregg.”
In England and Wales there are 1.50b wartime day nurseries
Feeding More Wheat To Farm Live Stock
Have You Heard?
now
where babies are cared for while
it1
HELP WANTED
their mothers arc busy w ith various kinds of war work of Health has decided that no fur ther nuseries are needed.
A commercial traveller got held up in the Orkney Islands on account of bad storms and sent a telegram to his firm in Aberdeen saying: “Mar #oned by storm. Wire instructions. *
It was a canny reply that came back: “Start summer vacation as from yesterday."
COOK GENERAL $50.00 TO $60	•
monthly, references.
Mrs. W. H. Comstock,
St. E., Brockville, Ontario
The Min
The feeding of wheat to live stock and poultry has exceeded the use of wheat for human consumption in Canada during four or the five years of war, and during the crop year 1943-44, animals ste twice as much wheat as did human beings, states the Quarterly Review of Coarse Grains. This conversion of wheat to live stock feeding has been a wartime development of note not only in Canada but also in the United States.
During the five years before the war, the average amount of wheat fed to live stock and poultry annually in Canada was 32,000.000 bushels against human food requirement- of approximately 44,900,000 bushels. In the crop year 1943-44 human consumption of wheat is expected to total 50,000,-•00 bushels and the animal consumption more than 100,000.000 bushels.
LEARN HAIRDRESSING THE Robertson method. Information on request regarding classes. Robertson’s Hairdressing Academy, 187 Avenue Road, Toronto.
Apply to 189 King
FOR SALE
$2200 RESTAURANT AND LUNCH counter, very modern equipment, seating capacity 55. weekly Males $350. in lovely small place northeast Ontario, good farming community. Bert Weir & Son, 711 Dundas St., London, Ont. Refer to Walter Fonfey.
i
FARMING ALONE AT 65. WANT ed woman used to farm life outside work. Give age, experience, also your health and make
set iet,er-
no
MEDICAL
I
STOMACH AND THREAD WORMS often are the cause of Ill-health In humans, all ages. No one Immune! Why not find out If this Is your trouble? Interesting particulars—Free! Write Mulveney's Remedies, Specialists, Toronto 1.
Route
xV>
FARM HELP WANTED
“Isn't Wireless Wonderful ?” says a headline. Quite so, Think of the crooners and things you can silence by just turning a knob.
ELECTRIC MOTORS. NEW. USED, bought, sold, rebuilt; belts, pulleys, brushes. Allen Electric Company Ltd. 2826 Dufferln Ft.. Toronto.
;/
WANTED EXPERIENCED COUPLE or man for farm, steady work.
cMorus:
longe, Que.
DON'T WAIT—EVERY SUFFERer of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon’s Remedy. Munro's Drug Store, 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
DANDY WHITE FLEMISH GIANTS, 2 to 4 months $3.00 each; 4 to 6 $4.00 each. Goldfield Rabbltry, Box 207, Geraldton, Ont.

FARM WANTED—
an inn	ÇASH OR SHARE
60-100 acre farm. Will buy If
suited. Box 105 Amherst burg.
^ AGENTS WANTED
GAS SAVER, PATENTED, PROVen, guaranteed. Fits all motors. If you have other full time ployment, write for proof, agency proposition. Victory Mfg. Company. Cornwall, Ontario.
AN OLD ESTABLISHED HATCH-•2 h wants agents In certain localities in Canada to sell chicks In your spare time. The commis-slon is good—and the chicks are
The class composition was about “Kings." One boy wrote this “The most powerful king earth is Wor-king Shir-king; the wittiest, Jo-king; the quietest, Thin-king; the thirstiest, Drink-king: the shyest, Win-king, and the naisiest. Tal king."
BAUMEEKA FOOT BALM destroys offensive odor instantly, 45c bottle. Ottawa agent, Denman Drug Store, Ottawa.
WILL RENT
NEW AND USED CAR AND TRUCK parts. Riverside Auto Parts. 616 Queen E., Toronto, 2.
t.
on
the laziest
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ery sufferer of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon’s Remedy. Munro’s Drug Store, 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
EV
REGISTERED JERSEY BULL with papers. Eighteen months old. Well bred. Apply to Herbert W halls, Fingal, OnL
Kill FILTHY FLIBS wUJi
em
LOOK TEN YEARS YOUNGER BY getting rid of those ugly wrinkles, large pores,
Grattan's Wrinkle finest face market, ful a bottle today, $1.00 J. L Rice Agency. Box chener, Ontario.
"VIKING
and repair parts are always available either at your local dealer or direct from Swedish Separator Co. Limited. 720 Notre Dame West. Montreal, Que.
CREAM SEPARATORS
T
A visiting specialist was taken to the cubicle of a mental c a « e who thought he was a king.
“I know I am a king," the man explained. “Satan told me so."
At which a furious voice sounded from the next cubicle: “I told you nothing of the kind."
skin.
astringent! on the ly guaranteed. Order
postpaid. 191. Kit-
saggy
Lotion
I
1
I
IF YOUR NOSE ¦CLOSES UP|
TIGHT AT NIGHT
FOR SALE—32 VOLT. 500 WATT alrcharger, In A-l condition. Apply Mrs. Mattalnl, Algoma Mille
I
FOR CONSTIPATION! FOR Effective, gentle action, take Fer-mol Laxative Tablets. Relieve constipation safely. Non-habit forming. At your druggist's or ¦end $1.00 for 2 month's supply, postpaid. Fermol Distributors, Box 712, London, Ont.
;

//
*
/x
MANITOBA HEREFORD BREEDers' Association Sale of 100 registered polled and horned Herefords at auction, October 17th, Provincial Exhibition Fair Grounds. Brandon, Manitoba. For catalogue write J. R. Bell, Live Stock Commissioner, Legislative Buildings, Winnipeg, Manitoba.
s
*
1
NURSES WANTED
mwm
TlWI k Mly MM
FLY-TOX
Hunt Poor Milker»
By Weighing Milk
44-17
mrom bruthmi—spoils slop
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS
FRED
sells, exchanges musical lnstru ments. Ill Church, Toronto 2.
BODDINGTON BUTS,
SUPIT
Here's mighty good news ... IT
H
PRACTICAL NURSES
Hunt the poor milkers with scales, urges The Ottawa Farm Journal. It does not take one minute per cow. Write the weight on a slate, chalk it on a blackboard, or pencil it on paper. Scales can be got that will, allow for weight of pail. Weigh every night and morning If you want to know it all. Bairying la a business. How do you know which eow earns the eootly feed unless you weigh the ilk dally?
Nervous, Restless
HARNESS DRESSING
leather and harness preservative. Sliplt also has many household uses 25c up at most grocery, hardware and chain stores. A product of Lloyds Laboratories, Toronto.
FINEST
WANTED APPLICANTS FOR SIX month course in Practical Nurs-
is?., ssa
_ ffiwvsr jusrsujs
PHOTOGRAPH!
breathing difficult, put 3-pur*
TIME TESTED QUALITY SERVICE and SATISFACTION
Important things: membranes; <2>
* “tmw wr if T* ihm?
PROFITABLE WELL ESTABLISH-ed flour mill (export and domestic), with gasoline, wood dealer and hauling business In connection, for sale on account of Ill-health, with residence of I rooms. Located In splendid Manitoba town. Yearly turnover of $00,000. Price $9.000 with $5 000 cash Write owner. Box 145. 78 Adelaide W„ Toronto.
U functional periodic disturbances make you feel nervous, cranky, hlgh-
I-__JE ____ start at once, try
Lydia *. Plnkham's Vegetable Ôom- ¦ poundWreheve auchsym ptoms.BgeV
sSEiB sxrEr3
iron L PMKIMI’S SSSS
Your films property developed and
FINEST ENLARGING
Irritation; (3) helps flush nasal
¦ore comfort, makes breathing easier.
strung, tired, weak and —at such times—star
FARM MANAGER
POSITION AS WORKING
SERVICE get all the film» bet you earn go
I
r	ztr
R‘cr.tB^r;„p,î:.,»,po^°*
You
viaf£l
net
you
W
U helps prevent
the quality and by eendlng your
Station
W/t.
VATNOWOl
rr^srnem
at
• i
%
L
d

-
###PAGE###7###
AIR LINE’S 500,000th PASSENGER
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
It’s foolish to n
keep on "dosing”!
Quality You’ll Enjoy
mm
r -*ÉP. '

¦
a-

FF
Why go on dosing another day with harsh, unpleasant purgatives ? Discovers as thousands have, that KELLOOOS


¦

«
October 1
JESUS THE LIGHT OF THE
WORLD
Isaiah 9:2; Matthew 4:12—16 John 1:4; 8:12; 9:1—41; 12:36, 88, 46; 2 Corinthians 4:6; Ephesians 6:14; 1 John 2:8; Revelation 21:23. PRINTED TEXT, John 9:1-7,
¦
«%?
M



A
P»
better, far gentler way to help correct constipation due to lack of dietary "bulk'I KELLOQQ'B
all-bran really "gets at” this common cause of constipation—supplies "bulk" needed for easy, natural elimination I
If this is your trouble—try eating an ounce of ALL BRAN daily, or several ALL-BRAN muffins. Drink plenty of water. Get KELLOGG’8 ALL-BRAN at your grocer’s. 2 convenient sizes.
Made by Kellogg’s in London* Canada.

f* V




GOLDEN TEXT—I am the light of the world : he that followeth me shall not walk in the darkness, but shall have the light of life.
John 8:12.
Memory Verse: I was glad when they said unto me, Let us go into the house of Jehovah. Psalm 122:1. THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—Only one period of time is even to be considered in lesson in which so many passages brought together; namely, that of the healing of the man born blind, which occurred in our Lord's ministry, mid-October, À.D. 29.
Place.—The healing of the man born blind occurred somewhere in




Sapphires and Diamoads-
¦ 1
CA

*


by
DOROTHY TROWBRIDGE
t
She rushed up the wide spiral stairway pulling off her sweater as she entered her own room. Clothes were never dropped on the floor nor on a handy chair or bed by any member of the Horton family. They were put in their proper places when they were taken off. It had become second nature to Peggy. Hastily she opened a lower drawer and stuffed in the discarded sweater, pushing the drawer shut with her knee while she unfastened the skirt. The drawer stuck and she gave it a vigorous push. In a few minutes she descended to the dining room in a cool, crisp frock of yellow linen, the braids, freshly plaited, once more neatly coied and in place.
The thick walls of the old house insured coolness in every room even on the hottest day, just as Aunt Jenny’s delicious cooking insured a hearty appetite from everyone who ate at the old mahogany table.
“What time will you want William this afternoon, my dear?” Mrs. Horton asked.
“Oh, Gran, I don't need William. I'll take the pony cart to meet Nancy.”
CHAPTER IV
As children, Peggy and Maxine had run through the garden instead of through the house, and they had played hide-and-seek behind the hedge, so tall and thick was it now. Through the lattice of the summer house the entrance of Rosewood could be seen, and Peggy had often looked up from her school books when she studied there to magiue a knight on a white horse coming through the gates and up the sloping road that led to the house. That had been years ago, of course. Peggy smiled now at her youthful dreams.
She could not help loving this place that was home.
this
ICE-ADMIRAL GEORGE CLARENCE JONES, Ottawa, formerly of Halifax, highest ranking Canadian Naval officer on this side of the Atlantic, la the 600,000th passenger to travel on Trans-Canada Air Lines. In the photograph he la seen chatting with O. T. Larson, vice-president of T.C.A., before 6ie take-off from Winnipeg to Ottawa. The stewardess is Margaret McCartney and the other passenger la Lieut. F. A. Goad.
In 1937, the year of Its incorporation, T.C.A. operated over a route 122 milee long. Today, its route# total 6,276 miles and its aircraft fly annually between 9,000,000 and 10,000,000 miles, on regular service between St. John’s, Newfoundland and Victoria, B.C., between Toronto and New York, Toronto, London and Windsor, and between Lethbridge,
Calgary and Edmonton.	W^ÊÊÊÊÊÊÛÊIÊÊÊÊÊ
Trans-Canada Air Lines also operates for the Dominion Government * trans-Atlantic air mail service for the troops overseas.
In the first year of daily transcontinental operation, 1039, T.C.A. carried 21,689 passengers. The estimate for this year is 169,734.
v
and only Light of God, where need of Christ is not admitted, the penalty is that moral and spiritual vision grows dark.
are
New Gyro Gun
Sight Aids Fliers
Jerusalem.
Man, Blind From Birth
“And as he passed by, he saw blind from his birth. And
The British believe they have nearly doubled the efficiency of I fighter planes as the result of a new gyroscopic gun sight which corrects for deflection and speed by the twist of a throttle handle.
The Air Ministry, announcing the new sight in London Aug. 16, I said it is “almost uncanny in its accuracy."
First details made available by the British information services describes the device as having a re! fleeter screen through which the I fighter pilot observes his enemy.
Reflected on the glass screen in a I circle which expands and contracts as the pilot increases or decreases his range. The pilot feeds into the I sight a setting for the wingspan of I the enemy plane.
Fighter pilots are able to open fire at more than 400 yards range at speeds of over 400 miles an hour.
a man
his disciples asked Him, saying Rabbi, who sinned, this man or his parents, that he should be born * blind? Jesus answered, Neither did this man sin, nor his parents: but that the works of God should be made manifest in him." It was our Lord's intention to warn the disciples against a curious and uncharitable scrutiny of any man’s life to find the cause of his mis-
Boil hard for 1 minute.
boiling.
Remove from heat and stir in
TABLE TALES
*
Pour quickly into hot
pectin.
sterilized jars. Cover at once with a film of paraffin % inch thick. When cold, cover or tie down. Recipe makes about 11 glasses of Grape Butter.
As Peggy ran up the steps she saw through the open doorway a small but very spry old lady coming towards her down the hall. Her brown eyes were keen and she wore no glasses. She said she had her second sight. The face was lined, but they were lines of laughter, of understanding, that had developed in eighty years. Her skin was pale but of a delicate texture, like a lovely piece of old china. She wore, as always, a black silk dress made with a basque and a full gathered skirt. Over this wore a dainty white embroidered apron.
parted in the middle and drawn over her ears to a small knot at the back of her neck, and she wore a fragile lace cap on her head.
"Dinner is ready, Margaret,” she said as Peggy entered, have you been doing? You arc as mussed as you used to be at ten years old."
“Pm sorry, darling. I shan’t be a minute. I was just working off a lot of energy."
Peggy leaned over to kiss the wrinkled cheek.
Grape Jelly
And Grape Butter
fortunes.
The Light of the World
“We must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day: the night cometh, when no man can work.” The spectacle to Jesus was a call for help, not a call to profitless speculation, but a call to prove that the works of God were works of concern for suffer-
By the word 'day' here,
To prepare fruit, stem about 5 pounds (a little over 4 quarts) thoroughly washed ripe blue grapes.
l/2 cup water, cover and simmer for 5 minutes or until very soft. Separate the juice from the pulp by turning the hot fruit into a 3-quart sieve.
For Jelly: Drip or press enough of the juice through a double square of cheesecloth to give 4 cups of the straiiled grape juice.
For Butter: Rub the grapes from which the juice has drained, through a sieve, to obtain 4# cups pulp. Use the excess juice or water if necessary, to fill up the last cup.
Mussel» Helped
Build Breakwater
and of character
Crush thoroughly. Add
Cherbourg's breakwater . owed much of its strength to a peculiar natural factor.
The French ever resourceful, harnessed the mussel to help in the construction. Mussels abound on the Normandy coast, and spin what is known as byssus, or a fine silklike strand formed by the mussel into a kind of string.
The strings of all the mussels join up into a rope and form a mussel-mass so secure that not even the strongest sea can shift it
When the breakwater was being built the ingenious French engineers put thousands of mussels on loosely piled stones, knowing that the byssus would bind them together more strongly than any cement.
This method certainly helped to make the breakwater a worthy challenger of the sea's most violent moods.
ing men.
Christ means the span of a man’s life; and by the word 'night' He means the close of a man's life, the light of the world." This is a “When I am in the world, I am tremendous statement that Christ makes concerning himself: He is the only true Light, and that for the whole world, and for the world forever.
?
$
$
Mrs. Horton had never ridden in an automobile, nor would she consent to own one, although that was one of the things for which Peggy had been teasing her for sever41 years.
"There arc one or two things I want to get while I am in town,” Peggy continued, "so PH leave a little early. You had better bring the pony cart around right after dinner, William,” she addressed the somewhat aged Negro who was serving them.
William had been just a little boy playing about the place when Mrs. Horton had come there as a bride. He had become a stable boy when he was a little older. That was when there had been many more servants than there were at the present time. Sihcc then he had acquired other duties and coachman among them. His loyalty to his "white folks” was never questioned. To him there were no such "quality” living as the Hortons.
Her soft white hair was
Relieve Neuritis Neuralgia Pain
“What
The Blind Man Sees "When he had thus spoken, hr spat on the ground, and made clay of the spittle, and anointed his eyes with the clay.” This clay did not add to the Lord's power, nor was it necessary for the opening of the blind man's eyes. It was Christ’s will that healed, but He uses these externals to help the poor man to believe that he is going to be heal-
Ripe Grape JeUy
4 cups (2 pounds) juice 7# cups (3% pounds) sugar Vi bottle liquid pectin Measure juice and sugar into a large saucepan and mix well. Bring to boil over strongest possible direct heat, stirring constantly. At once stir in pectin, and bring again to a full rolling boil; then boil hard for l/2 minute. Remove from liieat and skim.
m
*




%
7
i



You Will Enjoy Staying At
The ST. REGIS HOTEL
TORONTO
ed.
Pour quickly into hot sterilized jars. Cover at once with a film of hot paraffin, lA inch thick. When cold, cover or tie down. Makes about 11 glasses of
jelly.
"And said unto him, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam (which is by interpretation, Sent). He went away therefore, and washed, and came seeing.” man
do. and his faith was instantly rewarded by his sight being restored.
The Unbelieving Pharisees “They bring to the Pharisees him that aforetime was blind. They answered, and said unto him, Thou wast altogether born in sins, and dost thou teach us? And they cast him out.” The miracle was indisputable but there were Pharisees present at this time who refused to believe that this person Jesus had actually performed such a miracle.

How Far Then
As the battalion marched on, one weary soldier fell out. Sitting down by the roadside lie took off his boots to rest his feet.
“How far is it to the camp?” he asked a passing farm hand.
“About four miles as the crow flies,” was the reply.
“Ay,” replied the soldier, "but •’pose the blinkin' crow had to carry a rifle and pack weighing ‘arf a ton and with blisters on both heels, how far is it then?”
houseman

# Every Room with Beth, Show-
er eed Telephone.
# Sl»sle, S2.se m
blind
Immediately the did what Jesus told him to
Deehle, ISN op.
# Good Feed, Dleleg eed Da leg Nightly
Sherboume at Carlton Tel. RA. 4135
Aspirin Eases Pain Almost Immediately
Why Aspirin woria so fa* Instantly 1 Yes, the moment you drops» Aspirin Tablet in a glass of water it begins to disintegrate. And that same quick action takes place in your stomach. Thus, you get relief almost instantly.
Aspirin has proved itself through generations to be quick, effective* above all, dependable. That’s why Canadians have come to rely on this famous analgesic for relief from pain due to headache, neuralgia or neuritis.
So protect yourself from needless misery. Just get a box of genuine Aspirin at your druggist’s today and follow simple directions.
NEW REDUCED PRICES
Pocket Bo* of 12
Economy Bottle of 24.. . • , • .now 29a
Family tin of 100.
Ripe Grape Butte:
*lA cups (2lA pounds) prepared pulp.
7 cups (3 pounds) sugar XA bottle liquid pectin Measure sugar and prepared grape pulp into a large kettle. Mix well. Bring to a full rolling boil over strongest possible direct heat. Stir constantly before and during
*
$

His one sorow was that he could not be in two places at one time — here to look after "Mis’ May” — Mrs. Horton
Improve Your Health by Correcting Sluggish
KIDNEYS
4
and "Mis4 Marg’-rct," and at the same time be in that far away land of California to see about Miss Maxine. He frequently shook his woolly old head over the fact that the "purtiest" of the girls was alone in some, to him, foreign country.
After dinner Peggy ran up to her room for her hat and the ring that was still in the pocket of her sweater. Opening the drawer she drew the handkerchief from the pocket and with nervous fingers untied the corner in which she had hidden the
?
This Way it Swift, Economical
ur health
X
Few conditions can wreck faster than disordered !
Inflamed bladder. Your back aches miserably. You have restless nights. You suffer leg cramps and rheumatic pains. When these things happen your kidneys need help in filtering out acids and poisonous wastes that are undermining your health.
Give them this help—quickly—with GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules.
GOLD MEDAL Capsules contain accurately measured amounts of the original and genuine Haarlem Oil (Dutch Drops). You will be gratefully surprised at the way they relieve clogged kidneys and irritated bladder.
Go to your druggist now and get a box. Be sure you ask for GOLD M ED Haarlem Oil Capsule*.
CHRONICLES of GINGER FARM
: your I
kidneys
and
By
The Blind Man Believes
“Jesus heard that they had cast him out; and finding him. he said, Dost thou believe on the Son of God? He answered and said, And who is he, Lord, that I may believe on him?" The man once blind had perhaps not before seen Jesus. He had been touched by Him; he had heard His voice; but we do not read that when he came back from the pool of beautiful spirit the man once blind shows when he tells the Lord that he would like to believe on Him if he knew who he was.
"Jesus said unto him, Thou hast both seen him, and lie it is that speaketh with thee. And he said, Lord I believe. And he worship-Canadian Club. There seems some ped him." The man formerly blind hope of a greater proportion of knew this person who stood before raw materials being released for him was a man of great power, the manufacture of civilian goods, 1 full of mercy and love. Now he although textiles are still pretty I was to know Him as the Son of 1 would like to ask Mr.
Gwendoline P Clarke
#
*
is getting ready to plough for fall wheat. As for me I still hardly know which job to be at first. 1 his
morning I was (JJ PHB and plums and there are still pears awaiting my attention. How 1 am going to make the sugar stretch out I don’t know. Imagine what it will be like to buy as much sugar as we need again, we have suffered but lack of sugar does mean a lot of fruit wasted.
The war news has been good this week — very good along the line —
success all
ring. A gasp of dismay escaped her. The object that had stuck when she was hurrying to close the drawer had been Harry's ring, and now the fragile platinum circle was bent. Quite bent.
For a moment her knees gave way, and she sank to the floor to sit staring at the distorted emblem of love lying in her hahd. It looked just like a broken engagement, she thought.
but to us the best piece of news was that
canning peaches
very
which promised “Lights Up” in the Old Country on September 17 — a prelude to Victory. "Lights of London" . . . after five years of
You
©Aspirin
40c
AL
deep, depressing gloom, can't imagine what it means unless you have experienced it. time you walk at night, through a residential street in any part of Ontario, take a look around you.
I
t
Not that
Next
CLEANSE YOUR
ijstem
sf\
«BPS	Here's «uick relief frees
mette, arthrllle end I wins.
7\ h Î*
RI /	S WELL" herbal remedy
$
I have just been listening to Mr. Donald Gordon's address to the
Headac
*
*
Don’t you find there is a particularly friendly and cheerful atmosphere surrounding those brightly lighted homes
there is hardly a shrded window a all. And along the street there are street lights glimmering — dimly, maybe, but still showing s little bit of light. Imagine that same street with no street lights, and with not so much as a chink of light showing from any ot the house windows. Try to realise what such utter and complete darkness can mean and then you n ay get some conception of what “Lights Up” will mean to the people of | the Old Country.
* # »
Hearing her grandmother’s footsteps in the hall, she jumped to her feet, and quickly closing the drawer, dropped the ring into her purse.
‘‘How pale you are, child,” Mrs. Horton exclaimed as she entered and caught a glimpse of Peggy’s face in the mirror. “I am afraid that you overdid this morning out in that hot sun. Shall I get you 'a little blackberry cordial?”
Mrs. Horton » ould have been horrified at the thought of . her grand daughter tasting a cocktail, but a little homemade blackberry cordial or egg-nog on Christmas mornings was diferent. Peggy shook her head.
i
!
Nothing is more depressing than headaches Why suffer?^.Lambly's S' will eive instant relief. \Vi^ & l Lambfy's is good for ear. Cw\	% I
•die,toothache,painsio	(
back, stomach, bowels. Tmuff a
rltle. rhea
homes where
• •
a* am Internal cleanser
tight.
Gordon—‘‘Is there any chance of getting warm underwear this winter? And would it be possible to acquaint manufacturers with the fact that ALL women don’t
God.
The Light of God The Light of God
“And Jesus said, For judgment came I into this world ... We see: your sin remaineth." Where Christ is not welcomed as the true
hu acids art washed away—
Pain mast «•! BcUef may he fell rirhi at lb- sun.
Take Molveney'e
recalarlr Mere retlrin* and
fetl
A
be an
I me fine! Seld by evet 2.000
A-rgeM*
3
HEADACHE POWDERS is
If only we could
wear size 18? nibble at some sort of in agi c cake like ‘‘Alice in Wonderland” and
reduce or expand to fit the garment we wanted ot buy. It would be so much easier than trying to make the garment fit us — and find that it won’t! Truly life has its problems.
What a huge following a fortune teller would have if she could read your cup, your palm, or your bumps, and tell you, not what your future lovelife would be, but where you might find that certain type of dress you arc looking for or those drapes to harmonize with the rug in your living-room.
HEAD COLD?
MACDONALD'S
Oct quick relief I Just «near OST ROLINE in each nostril. Breath-
N
“No, thank you, darling. I am really all right. Perhaps just a little excited at the thought of seeing Nancy again.” Her mind was working rapidly. “I am going to along now. Good-by for a
mg	open right away.
But back tc the farm. We, too, have had our own personal reason for thankfulness. We have finished harve. Yes, actually — rain and storm notwithstanding. We could sing a Tc Deum for a week— only there isn’t time. It’s off with one job a.id on with another. As I write I can hear the tractor warming up. That means Partner
soothes, lubricates.
i
TJZ.
Ill
run
children. 50c—dfu#*»
k
k
little
while. Be good!” she admonished.
Kissing her grandmother good-by ’ she buried down the steps and opt of the house.
¦fJpSTROLINE

I
!
CcMjcudas ŸtcavJahd JîttoÂe

I
ISSUE
(To Be Cob tinned )

###PAGE###8###
T
S ervtce Announcements
Agent Wanted
w
BORN
Shawville United Church are hold-their annual Thanksgiving sup-, Monday evening, Oct. 9th, in the Sunday School room.

mg
At St. Catherines General Hospital on Sept. 3rd, 1944, to Mr. and
Mrs. Delmer Alexander (nee Mar-	Watkins Dealers are making more
°'""» » r?Wr B0'h	I	SHAWVILLE INITED
A. r. E.k«, BA, B.D, P...OS I .muât™, -•
in the world. Watkins have a buying Service at Shawville—11.00 am. I er of $20.000.000.00 with mill-
-1ss-SH
Sermon Theme:	I isfaction or money îefunded. All
“Can you pay your bills?	gales records were smashed in 194J—
-sas--lEEHiHH,,
home or adjacent locality—write now for futher information to The J. K. Watkins Company, Dept. Q-S-2,
2177 Masson, Montreal. Que.
SUNDAY, OCTOBER lit
men and women
per on
SIBV1C
F. 0. Grsydon Manon Promoted
&
%
At Grace Hospital, Ottawa, on Rev Saturday, September 23, 1944, to |
Mr. and Mrs. L. G Richards (nee Gwendoline Hudgins), a son. Both
well.
r.i
Word has been received that F.O. Graydon Masson has been raised to the rank of Flight Lieutenant.
Fit Lieut. Masson received his Commission in the Held having >ci \ -ed at Malta during the heavy bomb-of that Island, also in Egypt and
Li.
I
ENGAGEMENT
m
mg


After his return to Canada he \\as emploved as Instructor at Pennfleld Ridge Air Station, New Brunswick. In May he was transferred to Comox Columbia, where he is still
1

Garrety—Howard
Mrs. Pearl Garrety announces the engagement of her only daughter, Lois Daisy, to Mr. John Willard Howard, son of the late Mr. and Mrs. Marshall Howard of Shawville. Marriage to take place early in October.
2.00	p.m,
preach
8.00	p.m. Service—Mr. Leslie Dean will preach.
Service at Shawville—7.30 p.m.

mw

%
%

British engaged as Instructor.
F|1



SA Ë
I
Subject—	...	. 4U
“You can’t get along without the
other fellow.”
i
Cemetery Memorial Service
y


»
• H

- n
A large gathering of interested people, including many from a distance, attended the annual Memorial
the village cemetery on
Spray Painting
| ••••••¦*«
#»*» •• • ••
VISITORS AT THE FAIR
MM
• ••

BRISTOL UNITED
Mr. Leslie Dean, Lay Minister
• •
Among former people of Shawville and district attending the Fair on Friday and Saturday were the fol-
From Ottawa
,#******#

|MMM
Service m
|lowing
Paul’s Anglican Church, and Ke\ . A F Pokes, Pastor of Shawville United ^iss Shirley Dods Church. The special speaker for the Miss Rulh Horner
was Rev. H. B. Neal, ui Miss Janet Kilgour

Having purchased an electric portable spray-painting outfit, I am in
ing on furniture and interior walls. For further information and prices
apply

•1
St. Andrew's Preparatory Service St.
Friday—8.00 p.m St. Andrew s and Knox, Joint Communion •
Austin
Communion Servie
FROM THE MIXER TO YOU
occasion	,	.	.	,
Renfrew, who delivered an inspiring ^ss Marion Smyth address, basing his remarks on the Miss Nora Hodgins scripture passage, Hebrews 12: 1. Miss Willa Palmer “Seeing we are compassed about L A W. .Amy Barber with so great a crowd of witnesses, Miss cheslyn Horner let us run with patience the race that Miss Helen Clemens
is set before us."	Miss Arlene Hodgins
The weather was ideal for the Miss idena Brownlee service and the cemetery looked well Miss Evelyn Wharrey many of the plots being decorated Miss Margaret Jean Paul with potted plants and flowers.	Miss Minola Gould, R. N.
The plate collections amounted Miss Phyllis Haughton, R. N. around $155.00, and a number of Miss Marguerite Wharrey, R. N. other contributions were handed to Misses Alva and Euella Turner the treasurer, Dr. Campbell, and Misses Evelyn, Joyce and Inez Lucas these will appear in a later issue of | Mrs § e. Dale
Mrs. Frank Ford Mrs. W. J. Sayer Mrs. James Allen Mrs. Robt. Glasper Mrs. G. F. Hodgins A large number of young people 4 Mrs. Robt. Lawton gathered for the opening social even- Mrs. Eddie Finnigan and election of officers for the Mrs. Frank Finnigan Y. P. U. of the Shawville United Mrs. Claire Morrison Church on Monday night. An en- | Mrs. Ralph Richmond joyable evening of games and con- Mrs. S. E. Chamberlain
tests was led by Miss Audrey Fulford Mrs. Mae Armstrong and daughter, Sermon Theme	„
and refreshments were served by the Miss Mona	- “A Challenge to i outn .
social committee led by Miss Faye Mrs. R. G. Elliott and daughter Mrs.
McDowell.	Jack Davis.
The election of officers resulted as Mrs. Geo. M. Donaldson and sons,
follows:—Honorary President, Rev.	Mur rah and Charles
A F Fokes: president, G. Sampson; | Mrs. H. Millar and daughter, Mrs. vice presidents, Misses Audrey Fui- I F. J. Arthurs
ford and Beverley Harris; secretary, Mr. Thos. Sheppard, daughter, Miss Miss Margaret Dagg; assistant sec- Agatha and son, Melvin, retary. Miss Marjorie Graham; treas- Mr. and Mrs. Russell Grant urer*Glenn Hodgins.	Mr. and Mrs. Frank Strutt
Committees:	Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Lucas
Devotional—Misses Margaret Me- Mr. and Mrs. C L. Cowan Neill and Elaine Hayes.	Mr.	and	Mrs.	Chas. Dagg
Missionary— Misses Shirley Sly	Mr.	and	Mrs.	Alex Hodgins
and Mona Tracy.	, #	Mr.	and	Mrs.	Harold Hayes
Citizenship— Mrs. Evelyn Little	Mr.	and	Mrs.	Robt. Thompson
and Miss I va Howard.	Mr.	and	Mrs.	Forest Prendergast
Culture—Earl St. Jean and Miss	Mr.	and	Mrs.	Royce Prendergast
Hazel Davis.	Staff Sgt. T. Tuck and Mrs. Tuck
Membership—Misses Claire Ren- Tpr. Leslie Homer and Mrs. Homer ick and Faye McDowell.	Mr. and Mrs. Nellis Hodgins and
Social—Misses Bette and Jean family	. _	,
Stewart.	Cpl. Manson Smith, Mrs. Smith and
Organists—Mrs. E. Little, Miss I family Barbara Woodley and Mr. Dougal | Mr. and Mrs
Sharpe.
Recreation and Marjorie Smart
11.00 a m
EL WOOD STOREY, Phone 121, Box 164, Shawville, Que
1
3.00 p.m
Mr. FARM»
CLARENDON UNITED
Rev. P. L. LeBel. Pastor
# e #
Are You Making a Will ?
If your livestock could talk—they d be asking for fresh feed! They don’t relish stale feed any more than you do. So why give it to them? Make absolutely sure the feed you give them “fresh by getting it from your nearby SHUR GAIN FEED
SERVICE MILL
you
Service at Wesley—11.00 a.m. Service at Norman Service at
If so. and it is your wish to identify your name with some charitable institution out of a desire to benefit others, you could not do
better than remember The Pontiac Community Hospital when making your bequests.
3.00 p.m. Yarm— 8.00 p.m.
ANGLICAN
Why are SHUR-GAIN feeds fresh ?
They are manufactured at frequent intervals—only as needed. There is no storage, resulting in stale feeds. And this fact is very important because feeds lose feeding value when they become stale through
storage.
The Equity
St. Paul’s
First Social Evening United Y.P.U.
Cecil Randell, B.A., L.Th
Sunday School—10.00 a.m.
11.00
Rev
Dr E. J. O’Leary
DENTIST
Campbell’s Bay, Que
Phone No. 62
Evenings by appointment
Holy Communion
Sermon Theme:—
“Spiritual Stocktaking”.
7.30 p.m
ing
Evening Prayer
Does it cost more for this freshness ?
Definitely not! SHUR-GAIN feeds are
tured locally and for that Extra transportation charges and middlemen’s profits eliminated and this shows up in the price of
St. Lukes, Caldwell Evening Prayer—2.00 Holy Trinity, Radford Evening Prayer—3.30
manufac-
they cost /ess.
reason
A chicken supper will be held in the basement of Zion United Church Monday evening, Oct. 2nd. Admission, 50 and 25 cents.
on
are
the feed.
Parish of North Clarendon
Rev. P. R. Stote, Incumbent
PERSONAL MENTION
Feed the SHUR-GAIN way !
Mr. Vincent Sly, of Pembroke, visited Mrs. Edna Young, over the week- end.
Mrs Hannah Campbell, of Danford Lake, visited her sister Mrs. Samuel Sinclair, last week.
Mrs. M. Langford, left last Monday for an extended visit to Detroit and Grand Rapids, Mich.
Miss Sylvia Troke, of Renfrew, visited Miss Gwenneth Shaw, for a few days last week.
Sgm. Ferdie Laughren, of Barrie-field, is visiting relatives and friends in this district this week.
Charter is
St. Matthew’s Holy Communion—11.00 ajn. Harvest Thanksgiving Services St. Matthew’s, Onslow Evening Prayer—2.00 St. George's, Thorne Centre Evening Prayer—4.00 St. Stephen’s, Greermount Evening Prayer—8.00
Since SHUR-GAIN feeds are always fresh—since they are so handy to your farm—and since they cost Jess—surely they are logical feeds for all your livestock. Depend upon them to help you produce better stock that will be worth more money to you.
See us about all your feeding requirements!
Parish of Portage du Fort
W. J. Whites Incumbent
Harry Storie and
family
Misses Meryl Barber]Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Elliott and son
Courtney Mr. Archie Dagg Dr. R. S. Martin Mr. W. F. Caldwell Mr. Mac. Drummond A wedding reception was held in Ted Reid, R.C.N.V.R., honour of Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Mr Orville Sereney Patterson at the home of Mr. and AC. Merville Sereney Mrs. John Jas. Morrison, Austin, on Mr s R. n. Hodgins Monday evening, Sept. 18th.	Mr. Hubert Brownlee
About one hundred and twenty Tolbert Corrigan friends and neighbours gathered and pte. Rueben Sparling spent the evening dancing, music Detective Bordon Hobbs being furnished by Dumas orchestra Messrs. Basil and Earl Findley and Mr. Gordon Armstrong.	From Other Points
¦B
Foresters Falls, Ont.	Mrs. H. W. Kerley, Victoria, B. C.
Mr. Hugh McCredie, Helston, Man. Miss P. M. Campbell, Low Station Mr. and Mrs. Martin Black, Almonte, Staff Sgt. Douglas McDowell, Camp Borden
Rev
St. Alban s, Parkman Morning Prayer—11.00 St. Barnabas, Bristol Mines
2.15 p.m.
St. Thomas, Bristol Evening Prayer —4.00 p m. St. Georges, Portage du Fort Evening Prayer
Miss Muriel Cherry, of Ottawa, week-end guest at the home
was a
of Mrs. Bert Hodgins, at Yarm.
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Myres, of Montreal, are spending a holiday at their cottage at Sand Bay.
Weddiug Reception
Evening Prayer
H. I. HOBBS, SHAWVILLE,
QUYON MILLING COMPANY, QUYON,
Miss Myreen Sheen, of Ottawa, recent guest at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Belsher.
was a
7.30
attending a re-union of the Harris family.
Mr. and Mrs. O. Warner and Mrs. G. Gilmour, of Ottawa, were recent guests at the home of Mrs. Norris Angus, in town.
Mrs. Robt. McDowell has returned to her home in North Bay, after spending a few days with her brother, Mr. John A. Rennick and other friends in Shawville.
Holiness Movement
Rev. W. C. A. McFarlane, Pastor
Race Results at Shawville Fair
Friday, September 22
Sunday School—10.00 a.m. Evening Service— 7.30 p.m. North Onslow Sunday School
2.28 CLASS—Trot or Pace
Dr. Stout, T. E. McCool, Pembroke, (J. H. Proudfoot)
Peter K. Lee, Peter Keon, Camplbel’s Bay, (Ballock)
Wahwati, A. Herbert, Maniwaki, (Jenkins) .......
General Lee, E. Piche, Maniwaki, (Gorman) .......
Slippery Sue, Cpl. Farrell, Brandon, Man., (Findlay)
Time:—
2.18 CLASS—Trot or Pace
Silent Gratton, T. E. McCool, Pembroke, (Proudfoot) ..
Mabel Lee Peters, Shaver, Avenmore, (Utman) ..........
Roseaday Gratton, Jandreau, Maniwaki, (Jenkins) ......
Darkey Pachen, Geo. Prendergast, Shawville, (Prendergast) J. C. Bolo, J. Findlay, Amprior, (J. Findlay, jr.)....
2.13,	2.13,	2.14
1 1 1 2 2 2 5 3 3
1.30 p.m Service at 2.30 p. m.
*
4 4
Pentecostal Assemblies
Rev. F. O. Routley, Pastor
Shawville
Service at 11.00	v
Evening Service withdrawn Bristol Ridge
Service at 2.30 pm. and 7.45 p.m.
5 5 4

2.14,	2.14,	2.16
MARRIED
Doherty—Ecker
A pretty Autumn wedding took place at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
John Ecker, at St. Catherines, when their daughter, Doris Gertrude, became the bride of Mr. Joseph Leo Doherty, son of the late Mr. and Mrs.
Michael Doherty, of Campbell's Bay.
The fire place, banked with gladoli and fern, formed a colorful background for the ceremony, conducted by the Rev. J. W. Medley.
Mrs. Donald Miller, sister of the bride, played the wedding music.
Given in marriage by her father, the bride was charming in a full skirted gown of white brocaded satin, the bodice made with sweetheart neck and self shirring. She carried a cascade of gladoli and roses and wore the groom’s gift, a heart shaped locket and chain.
Little Margaret Millar was her aunt's flower girl in a long frock of gold taffeta. She carried a nosegay of sweet peas and baby’s breath.
A reception was held following the ceremony.
Mrs. Ecker wore a gown of flowered silk jersey with black accessories and corsage of roses.
Miss Jean Ecker and Miss Margaret Martin assisted at the reception For going-away the bride changed
^	I Knox Red Croee purpw. Wdén,
So • pnatch. Her accessories were a mixed dance at Pine Lodge Bristol, black and she carried a black coat	gept. 29. Admission 35cta.
sr“t»ï' strs |-^ «-» * <«•
mas parcels.
1 1 2
2	2 3 5 3 1
3	4 4
MARRIED
Deer in g—Rose
«wap®
“nrS,.“ h!h plfy™!b»°' ïSi M?“L Mrs. R F. Rietardeen, ol
Ki,ï? ofSSÆ Ld“E£ M,bU7„d Mrs CUR Stentt, Dupur-
were the" attendants!? M>n Misener. Mr and Mrs. Henderson Crick and
ssi-tti, ‘îa.-s yrta	^
Mta.B. G. Anderaon, 0,
HS ®
4
Stark’s Comers
Service at 11.00 a.m Service at 7.45 p.m
Portage du Fort Service at 3.30 p.m
Mr. H. S. Richardson, Pastor
Time
Saturday, September 28
2.24 CLASS—Trot or Pace	f
Capt. Stout, T. E. McCool, Pembroke, (Switzer) Ivy Lee, L. Matthews, Pembroke, (Beulac) ... J. C. Volo, J. Findlay, Amprior, (Lablanc) ... jack Sundy, K. Osher, Pembroke, (Ballock) ...
Time:—2.11% «r2.ll 2.12
1 1 1 2 2 2
3	3 4
4	4 3
elated
Wesleyan Methodist
Rev. H. Kielty, Pastor
Shawville
Sunday School—10.00 am. Morning Service—10.30 a m. Evening Service— 7.30 pm. Campbell’s Bay Service withdrawn
Thome
Afternoon Service at 2.30
FREE-FOR-ALL—
1 1 1
Iola Gratton, T. E. McCool, Pembroke, (Switzer) .
Sir Lee, Dr. Pounder, Pembroke, (Pounder).........
Pine Ridge Babe, Potvin, Chichester, (Ballock) ---
2.11%, m *
3 3 2
2.11
2.11,
Tim
Starter, J. W. Sutherland, Maniwaki; Timers, R. Manary, Quyon, and T. Cecile, Pembroke; Judges, H. Moyle, Quyon, and J. McConnery, Maniwaki.
4
<
Standard Church
Rev. J. N. Patterson, Pastor
The special services being the Shawville Wesleyan jfl I Church, with the Rev. A. J. Shea, Syracuse, N. Y., as the evangelist,
held In ethodist
Sunday School—10.00 Morning Worship—11.00 Evangelistic Service— 7 .80 Prayer Services Tuesday and Friday
will close with three services on Sunday, Oct 1st. Service# will » held each night this week 4 .-^1 Saturday) at 8.00 o'doe*
I.
>e

8.00 pjn. Ottawa
m

