###PAGE###1###
No. 10 W)th Ye a it
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, AUGUST i'7th 1042
BIRTHS
Mr. Tollmret, Principal of Sim w. ville High School, will he in hi-
oil ice at the School for consulta*... H	¦¦	¦
lion on hotli Saturday ami Mon | Ham.Antynk — At Pontiac Community Hospital, Shaw ville, on Sunday, Alignât 23rd, 114?, to Pte Gordon Ballantyne, C. O. O. Barrietield, Ont, and Mrs. liai lantyue (nee Mabel Bronson) n
A. Y. P. A. Hold Farewell Party
COWLING
BUSINESS
Tlit* A. Y. P. A. of St. P.iulV Cl Vi rch held a social evening last Thursday in honour of Ml**
Dorothy Ue Id well ami Miss Phyllis
tisi ic°rn,r •»"' »-<
Montreal, to train as nurses.
A great number of young peip'e
attended.
Mr Liud<ay J u Id pr sided at tin*
I Cyril Powles conducted
folk dancing, and game* and com petitions were held.
A presentation was made by the Hev. K, C. Holton, who spoke of the loyalty of their young ladies to their Church, and expressed the good wishes of the fellow young people.
Miss Caldwell and Miss Dali ms left Wednesday morning to take up their duties as nurses in
training.
day, August 29 and 81, between the hours of 2 to 4 in the after noon and 8 to 10 o’clock in the evening.
COLLEGE
FLY TIME
Ottawa Ontario
This old reliable school haw removed to large and liner premises. The finest and most >*i ; lei n in Ontai io
school with
leputation Open all year
son

Body of Flight Sgt. Smoky McLaughlin Recovered at Sea
ENGAGEMENT
Household Fly Spray
Household Glass Sprayers
Fly Swaters and Fly Hangers
Some sizes in Screen Wire
Screen Doors, Spring Hinges, Catchers
piano
Attend a an established
Smith—McMillan
Flight Sgt William (Smokey)
MacIntyre McLachlin has been killed in action according to word I of Charter!*, Q:ie received by hi* parent*, Mr. and engagement of their daughter M h U, A. McLachlin, 22 Grove .Jean Elizabeth Rebecca, to Mr. Avenue, Ottawa. The body bf Leslie Alfred, eldest son of Mr, the 20 year old flyer was recovered and Mrs, Alfred J, McMillan, of from the sea following air opera Gatineau Mill*, Que. Marriage to lions.	take place the latter part of
Flight Sergeant McLachlin first September, wHh reported as missing on July 10	*---?-----
"r e"li8ted the R<.vsi CrtmuiiHn | PERSONAL MENTION
Air Force on May 28, 1940, as an
îiïl=Ærnt °Ver*eaS the| Mr*. Donald Fraser, of Ottawa,
Hope* ell Avenue public schools Mr. and Mrs, Mell McNeeley, ami and Ulebe Collegiate. Prior to little daughter, visited relative* in enlisting in the air force he took a | Ottawa over the week end. special course at Ottawa Car and Aircraft Limited.
known athlete and played on the I the week-end in town with friend» Olrbe Collegiate junior hotkey Mr and Mr*. Ernest Sharpe, of
te"m'	,	...	. Hamburg, N. J , spent the week
He was a grandson of Mr. and d with Mr. ami Mrs. El wood Mr*. Wm. Graham, of htmside, u|mrue
i!*d!;,A« K„r"p.«orJ; »'i-I..-UJ2JofotM».,
KiT‘ita.'"’	ro,“e" m'H.'lw .VOr..n Uk„ i.,r tlw
y y	1 week end.
Ac Douglas Campbell, R.G.A.F., Lachine, spent a brief furlough with his parent*, Dr. 1). J. and
Mr. and Mrs. Gordon R. Smith,
announce the
#. e. cowtmc
President
H. W. BRAITHWAlTfc
Principal
JAMES A. MILLAR
B. A L L. L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER
129 Main 5t.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’elHotel, Campbell’» Bay * every
At Pontiac Ho use, Shaw ville .every Wednesday at Noon
For the Farmer
etc
Pie Holland Pine Traces Relatives in Aberdeen, Scotland
Stock Spray, Sprayers and Nose Guards
ednesday
morning
—0
The following In a comment by the Bditoi of The People’* Journal, .
HKrhS,l:nsi,.o;.lir;vbo“ lHarla”d o. rowat
located hi* relatives in Scotland.
This idea may help other Canadian boys who wish to locate relatives in the old land. The clipping was sent to the young soldier a grandfather, Mr. Andrew Pine, at Murrells,
(
I Mr. and Mrs. Graham Spence He was well and son, Donnie, of Cobden, spent
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAW VILLE. QUE.
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
i Estate C. J. Caldwell f
V
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C
Quick Response
Advocate Barrister Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell'» !)•>, Quebec
(Ini Lawn Block)
'T found my folks/'
The Kpeiker, fair*haired and sun* burut, Pte Holland Piri<\ of the Royal Canadian Army Service Corps, smiled happily as he looked into my den nn Saturday.
On Friday I mentioned in this column that young Pirie was anxious to trace some of his relatives in Aberdeen.
His grandfather. Andrew Pirie, emigrated to Canada fifty-three years ago, when Pte Pirie’s father was three yea is old. The family settled in the Shawville district, Quebec.
Within an hour of my paragraph | Matters dealt with by corierpoodanc
of his cousins, wh> lives on prince Regent Street, called on him at the \. M. C. A i to which I had directed possible callers.
Pte Pirie intended to return South Saturday if my S. O. S, was unproductive, but instead he is to spend the
Shawville Fair
Some of the larger Exhibitions Mrs. Campbell, in Canada will not be held till* Mr. and Mrs Hurry Blanoy and year. Their building* and grounds son, Neil, of Manawaki, are guests are being u*ed in war services. I at the home of Mr. and Mr*. James County and smaller Fairs are | Got don, tin* week, being held a*	The August
(Vh issue of the Equity in an inner page gave dates of almost 250 Ontario Fairs and Exhibitions for 1M2
DONAT Le GUERRIER
(
g
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC

i
Seaman Percy Way, who has been home on furlough from the Royal Canadian Navy, returned hi* postât Halifax on Saturday.
Mrs. W. G A. Wilson, of Kingston, has been in town during the illne** and obsequies of her father-pi law, the late Mr. Thus. Wilson.
Pte Russell J mid, R C.O.C . of Lunguenil. Que . »pent a brief fur* lough at the home at the home of his parents. Mr. and Mr*. George Judd.
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request

to
Many reasons are being given by Federal and .Provincial Agricultural Officials, stating how a well conducted Fair may assist Agriculture and •also advance Community and war efforts.
We mentioned in the fast issue of the Equity that our Provincial and Municipal grants tor 1942 will be the same as last year, We trust that our people will give their Fair increased support this
I
\
L#
R. MILLER WALLACE

0
ADVOCAT .. BARRISTER HULL, QUEBEC
At Proud foot’s Hotel Camp bell's Bay
ï
«
)
on

5

every Tuesday at Noon,
lv<t "f his leave m i !,»wn in the IfOfth j \\ Pont House Shawville every with hi- aunt and other i-ii


Mr. It. J Connelly and family, of South Porcupine, accompanied by Miss Pearl Baker, spent a vacation with relatives in this district.
V>
Tuesday Evening
Q

year.
Time for soliciting is limited.
Please arrange your membership or donation with the Secretary, or
other officers of the Fair without Miss Kathleen Ctille«pie being personally called upon by a Kingston, was a guest at the home canvasser.	of her uncle and aunt. Mr. anil
Let us all work for. the Biggest Mrs. R. A Hod gin» during tie and Best Fair in 1942	past week.
Mr*. Jack Day. of Winnipeg, and her uncle, Mr. Hugh McCiedie, of Fox warren, Man , are visiting their relatives in Bristol and
Shawville.
Thomas Wilson, Shawville’* Oldest Citizen Passes in his 87th Year
D. J. CAMPBELL
of
BACK to SCHOOL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
o
Mr. Thomas Wilson, ShawvilleV oldest citizen, died .at his home Main Street on Saturday, at the advanced age of K7.
Mr. Wilson had been in good health until about three iveek* ago. when he tell in his yard, breaking several ribs, from this in jury lie gradually grew weaker, death ensuing about four o'clock Saturday afternoon,
He was born in Clarendon, in the vicinity of Shawville. a son of the late Mi*, and Mrs. William Wilson.
and came to the village quite early --------------
SSJSSSîëSH1"»™EVE mmi
Foi the past 70 years he carried on hit own business in the same stand on Main Street married 00 years ago to Sarah
;î?é'f iii 'j ai * u aTy-f,îoVl ^,entEal1' wllu	scenuhc he exah,*a„o*s
Survingmetwo son,. I) Herbert Specialists on al Ivisual and muscular eye defects
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins
Reg. Optometrist
on
J. R.McDowell, Pres U W. Hodoink, Sec
DR. H. K. NEILSON

Values for Boys and Girls
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat
SPECIALIST
Saturday’s Storms Cause Much Damage in District

Mr*. John C. Dagg of Quyon accompanied by hey grand daugh Considerable damage was can* I ter, Margaret Davis, visited reined by two storm* which struck tives at Otter Lake and Shawville tlii* district at four ami eight] during the past week.
for n time. Half the telephone lines out of Shawville central were out of commission for several I RocklifL*. accompanied by Miss
are visiting the
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
180 METCALFE STREET
BOYS SWEATERS
V Neck Wool Sweaters for Boys—just what they’ll need fur Fall days. Excellent wear $1 50
ONT.
OTTAWA
PHONE, i 2-7961
(Mac)
BOYS LONGS
Lucas, KrLtul Ridge
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone
OTTAWA. ONTARIO
Some Tweeds and Worsteds in good patterns
values from $1.95 to $3.00 per pair
Good
I
I
Lie. Walter E, Smith, R.C A F
He wa

hour*,. Electric line* also suffered. Helen Wn ken* tiii*iul and Norway Hay were | latter s relatives at Dupai q net
and He va River, Que.
BOYS BOOTS
without lights for two hour*.
The evening storm seemed to
end ut the v illage, a ntimbet of Spen,Ung a vacation with relative* SA "t .....................
car owned by Roy Sharpe, of >ew Mr. and Mrs. Roy Sharpe and Jersey, who is visiting triends daughters, Delores and June, of here, was badly crushed by a Sussex, N, J., spent a few day* in great tree that fell upon it. town and vicinity with relative*, Several trees on the grounds of coming especially to see Mr. Duncan Campbell also came down Sharpes mother, who i* a patient under the high wind.	| in the Community Hospital
¦Hllpil
plies of gasoline could be obtained ' Ht ^*1AI tel l-<
except from one merchant who I Mr. Hollie JL Corrigan, Sault Ste had more budness than he was | Marie. Out. who was here to at
tend the funeral of hi* mother.
Refrigerator plants in the butch* I Mrs, F F. Corrigan, left for home er shops and ice cream parlors on Saturday, accompanied by hi* were also put out of business, j niece, Miss Margaret Hobbs
considerable inconveo
V special line of lJoys Fall Boots, military last with steel heel plate. This boot will wear $2 95
i
of the staff of the XV. A. Hudgins' Reg- Optmetrist
Store*, of Shawville. One son. the ------------—
Rev. XV. G. A
XVilson, United Church Minister, and a daughter. Mrs. liobt. Hamilton, oredeceased hiih by several years.
The funeral was held on Tues day afternoon from his late home to the Standard Church, where service was conducted by the pastor, Rhv R. J. Robertson, si*ted by Rev. A F Pokes, pastor of Shawville United Church ; Rev A. A. Smith, retired minister of Shawville, and Rev. .1. Patterson, of Foresters Fall*, Out.
Interment wa* made Village Cemetery bearers were
Lynch, R
Dagg, Arthur Caldwell, Hulbert Armstrong and XV. A. Hudgiu* Floral tributes mi
from the following: —
The Family ;
Mr. and Mr*. XV m. Dagg family; Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Morrison; Mrs, Norman Brownlee and I i mil y : Mr. and Mrs Lynch and family; Mr. and Mrs. XV. U XVilson family and Inez; XV. A. Hodgins Store and st iff; Mr. John Tolhurst; Mr. and Mr. XV. A. Brownlee and family; Mr.* Howe.*, Mr. R G. Hamilton and Lois; Mr. and Mis. Hulbert Armstrong: Mr. and Mr*. I), K. Grieve, Pembroke.
Gordon T. Paul I NSURANCE
BOYS SCHOOL OXFORDS

Gtinline Calf Oxfords (Williams) made to stand school wear, good fitting lasts, brown or black $2.95
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
SCHOOL GIRLS OXFORDS
as
New values in snappy Oxfords, in brown, tan, black brogues, ties, Good styles $1.95 to $3.95
in the Tlie pa 11 -« Messrs. Trueman K McRae, Harold
HUE
SHAWVILLE
School Supplies
able to attend to
were received
Talking1 Pictures
Scribblers Pencils Loose Leaf Note Books Ink Exercise Books Erasers Rulers Crayons Chalk
Pens, Lead School Bags, etc. etc.
DARK JOURNEY
Among those from a distance attending the funeral ot theii Mrs. F. F. Corrigan, were
and
causing
ience. IHHHHHHIHHIHI
The high wind did considerable
damage to farm property. Silof and sheds on the farms of Clur*
with
VIVIAN LEIGH
and
CONRAD VEIDA
aunt. ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
Mrs Albert Corrigan, Pte Tolbert .	, , and Mrs. Corrigan, Capt. Arthm
enee Hayes, on the portage road, | nn(l Mr*. Barnes, all of Ottawa ; and Or va I Smart, near Stark
I
Trueman
WÊÊÊ	.Mis. George Osier and Mr. Wm
Corners, were blown over; a lut y Baker, of Ogdensburg, N V.
loader on Herb Brown e farm was	__^	___
tipped on its side. Several farm-ï losses will run into hundreds Father Sammon Celebrates 25th
of dollars. Grain and corn also Amiiversary of his Ordination were flattened to the ground by wind and bail.
However, the storm was followed by a refreshing coolness, after the suiti y temperatures of Friday and Saturday.
See our Window Display
at
Shawville Theatre Thursday, Aug. 20th
era
THE W. A. HCDCINS STORE
!
Rev. John J. Sammon of the North Onslow parish, celebrated the 23th anniversary of his ordination to priesthood, on Monday, August 24th,
Quebec
Shawville

Shawville Fair dates September 17, 18 and 19
At 9.00 p. m.
!

###PAGE###2###
Commentary on Current Lvrnts
mines, factories and man power of the British Empire’s greatest domain—a land almost as largo a» the United States with three
re vital
THE WAR ¦ WEEK
War Effort Of United Nations Threatened By Crisis In India
JAP BOMBER—ALL BROKEN UP




times the population to the defense of the Middle East. India is the great barrier to an overland junction of the German
Across It

L

Do they think it
over there." can’t happen here" ?
For nearly three year* we been at war now, and in all that time "they haven't stepped on British soil,” says your specialist in rose-coloured glasses. He overlooks Hong Kong and Singapore! He doesn’t want to take a hiler in his hand and compare the dis-between Japan and Malaya

Yesterday on the street I met g tall, bronsed young man m civilian clothes. His face seemed familiar. He walked with his shoulders back and his head up. He smiled at me and, automatically since I like smiles, 1 re-
Then I walked

&


06
and Japanese armies
the remaining Anglo-Ameri-aupply line to Free China. It lies on the flank of the Anglo-American supply line to Russia via the Persian Gulf and Iran.
The justice of India’s claim to freedom was not questioned in Britain and the United States. It was realised that Mr. Gandhi’s people had grievances dating back through centuries of European exploitation, and that redress was due. The timing of the demand, however, stirred doubts as to Mr. Gandhi’s "sense of reality" and caused bitter critics to charge him with imperiling the United Nations in one of the war’s most crucial theatres.

!iave

%
i



rune

can


mg


4
turned the smile
puzzling slightly as to why the
etranger had smiled.
Suddenly it struck me. He was
stranger ! He was the Com-
For two
on
with the distance between Norway and Nova Scotia.
Try it yourself
close, isn't it? members of the Individual Citizen's Army must play our part whether that part be volunteering for Active Service, enlisting In the Reserve Army or just be-good soldiers behind the men
behind the guns.
Trained or not, if an invader set his foot upon Canadian soil all of us—men, women and chil- * dren would set out to do what we could — there’s no doubt of
?

no
pan y Sergeant- M aj|o@il||||||||| weeks we had been working together, saluting each other when the occasion arose and comparing
to the condition of this
I
— appallingly That’s why we



u 4
is»' '
notes as
recruit’s feet, that one’s appalling habit of drinking ke cold flaxy pop and eating biscuits instead of lining up for his meals like a soldier.
But it emphasized two things: the difference wrought in a man by the clothes he wears; and the thin veneer that separates soldier from civilian.
It is a good thing that the ven-
Because it is not
Big Jap bomber, its fuselage almost entirely demolished, was brought down by U. S. anti-aircraft
( Official U. S. Navy photo from NE A.)	______
mg
fire in Battle of Coral Sea
Gandhi’» Argument
The flare-up in India’s long fight for self-government has from the advance of Mikado’s legions
VOICE
N DIVIDUAL
itlzen's
TIT#
s
>

OF THE
ëm
sprung
Japan. The swept through Malaya, the East Indies and Burma ; the native populations took hardly any part in their countries’ defense, some factions even helping the invad-with fifth-column service. A similar situation might prevail in India if the Japanese entered. It is known that Nipponese agents have long promoted contacts with Indian revolutionaries and barded India’s masses with anti-British propaganda. The Cripps plan presented an attempt to win full co-operation of the subcontinent’s masses. It has been Mr. Gandhi’s argument that the cooperation wanted by the Allies could never be achieved unless his country was entrusted with its own government and defense.
PRESS

pf
that
Even the man who illegally in-
who raises his prices above th* ceiling, the sugar-hoarder, the gasoline cheat—even these would take up arms to defend their homes,
Why, then, one is bound * to wonder, must it be necessary for us to set up a Wartime Prices and Trade Board? What is it that makes war so remote that people like that must be brought into the courts every day to answer to charges of impeding the war effort?
The most disheartening thought about it is that these offenders against regulations set up to pre-our economic structure, a so not only illiterate small traders— they include big corporations.
Against them, and they ar« invaders of Canada don’t forget, we need the private soldiers of the Individual Citizen’s Army whose duty it is—for their own self-preservation—to send word of infractions of the price regulations to the nearest office of the Wartime Prices and Trade Board
Inflation is infiltration must be on our guard !

eer is so thin beyond the bounds of possibility that a sudden change from civilian ** soldier may become necessary for many of us, no, most of
DON’T CASH THEM IN
V
At AN MAtlWCf
ft IR.W1N .
A Weekly Column About This and That in Our Canadian Army
rente, the shop-keeper

The volume of certificates turned hi would seem to indicate that y people have been cashing in their certificates for reasons not altogether serious. The desire for a new coat or suit or a vacation fcl not an adequate excuse for redeeming war savings certificates, •very certificate redeemed makes just a little harder for the vernment to finance our war effort and it makes the operation ef the war effort more expen-To handle the redemption has been going on requires services of a large number eierks whose work is a dead i as far as winning the war is rned.
ri
ers
us
Nations, agreeing to meet Japan or any other aggressor with armed resistance.”
The British Government re »pond/d by virtually accusing Mr. Gandhi and other Congress leaders with being appeasers of Japan.
The Full Committee of the Congress Party met on Aug. 7 and passed a supplementary and preparatory resolution giving Mr. Gandhi full powers to lead a disobedience movement if a demand for freedom were rejected.
At the same time Mr. Gandhi appealed to the United States to act "while there is yet time" to bring about Indian independence and permit Indians to "use their liberty in favor of the Allied cause."
The following day the Full Committee ratified by, an overwhelming majority the Committee’s revised resolution authorizing the disobedience movement
The British Government promptly countered by outlawing the Congress Party generally and arresting Mr. Gandhi and some 200 other members of the Working Committee.
Shortly after the arrests, disturbances developed in Bombay and other cities and police were forced to fire on demonstrators.
Blow At Allied Cause
In some Allied quarters the action of the Congress party seemed a major blow at the Allied cause, says the New York Times. Mr. Gandhi seemed ready to paralyze India or to plunge her into civil conflict at a time when the Japanese were at the country’s gates in Burma. The farms,
’Hie present critical situation in India developed by progressive steps following the inability of the headed by Sir Stafford Cripps to reach an agreement with Indian leaders last spring.
The major milestones are listed by the Christian Science Monitor as follows:
1%e Grippe mission offered India Dominion status after the war and a gradually expanding voice in the direction of its affairs during the period of hostilities. The proposal was rejected by all major groups India Congress Party asked full independence at once India Moslem League refused to agree to any plan which gave a proportional majority to the predominately Hindu Congress Party and sought establishment of a separate Moslem state in Northern India.
Congress Party leaders continued to agitate for immediate independence as Japanese expanded their conquests in Asia.
Late in July the Working Committee of the Congress Party acted %> bring the situation to a head by passing a resolution, drawn up by Mohandas K. Gandhi, calling for a civil disobedience campaign unless India’s freedom was granted at once.
The original draft of the resolution said the first move of an independent Indian government probably would be to negotiate with Japan. This remark later edited out of the original resolution. The revised draft said a freed India would "wholeheartedly and unreservedly declare itself on the side of the United
I said last week that the Reserve Army of today is very different from the Militia of the “between-war" years. JJE
support of every man able to meet the physical requirements.
Look at what a reserve army has done for Russia what our Reserve Army must do
m-
• II
It is, and It must have the
mission

That le
r
for us.
It will make demands — heavy demands — upon our spare time. It will call for two or three evenings a week for drill, training or special instruction. It will call for ten Sundays. It will call for two weeks in camp every year, the whole totalling fifty-five days of training out of 365.
And that, actually, is considerably less cime than the average citizen wastes on dancing, movies, ball games, hockey-matches and golf.
t.
sene
Diverse India
London’s answer—supported by Washington—is that the issue is complex, that many interests must be considered, that freedom cannot be rushed through now without injustice and chaos in India, thereby leading to a fatal weakening of the Allied military position. It is held particularly that the Moslem minority—80,000,000 m number, compared to 260,000,000 Hindus—will plunge the country into civil war rather than submit to Hindu administration. The British have declared that the Cripps proposal is their final word. Recently Secretary of State Cordell Hull addressed what many regarded as a warning to India’s nationalists. He declared that post-war freedom could only be assured to peoples who showed themselves worthy of it.
Civil disobedience campaigns of the past have included boycotts of British goods and services, resignation of Indians from public posts, withdrawal of children from schools, closing of shops. Despite their non-violent intentions, they have usually culminated in bloodshed, rioting and arrests. The British indicated they were prepared to use force to keep India’s nationalists in line. They forbade the closing of shops on pain of fine and imprisonment. Their army \f\ the subcontinent numbers well over a million and it is composed largely of Moslems, who might not be sympathetic to a Hindu mass movement.
Winnipeg Free Press
The All-
MOME GROWN VEGETABLES
The entire British supply of gpeen vegetables is now being Mwn in the United Kingdom. Remembering that before the war fbout 1,000,000 tons of such ' vegetables were imported each veer, we can measure the war-fhue development of British eelture, which has also increased fhs production of cereals by 60 cent, and that of potatoes by per cent.
Brockville Reorder and Times
The All-
Working
agri-
we
A mighty low Insurance premium to pay, isn’t it?
Not so long ago a man said to me quite seriously, "You people have no right to put alarming pieces in the paper about streetfighting in Halifax or Quebec or Montreal or Vancouver. That’s alarmist stuff, it lowers morale.”
It made me boil. He has a “C” classification for his car. He squawks about his high income tax on earnings that are much greater than before the war and he has time and energy available for golf.
But he couldn't, or wouldn’t see the point when I suggested to him that if every-one in Russia had felt the same way about it the Nazis would have been in Moscow a year ago
We’ve really got to put our backs into this war. Knitting a few socks or sweaters, or sending cigarettes overseas, or buying war savings regularly isn’t enough. It has to be an all out effort!
In Hong Kong young Canadians died. In England thousands of young Canadians are champing at the bit while they train for the job they volunteered to do.
If it falls to us to defend the land they plan to come back to are we going to fail because the movies or the golf-links were more important?
Even in the face of daily storiei of repeated reverses on many fronts there still exist too many people who look upon the war as something that is going on "away
r0r
Paratroop Corps To Train In U. S.
I
EXTINGUISHING BOMBS Playing a jet of water on an Incendiary bomb has now been found to be the best way of extinguishing it however, the people who deal with the matter by saying, "Bosh ! H can’t happen here,” and then going out for a nice long ride In the car.
Canada's new paratroops will train at a great military school in Georgia which extends over 150,000 acres of flat land, considered ideal geographically ad climatically for year-round manoeuvre» and training programs.
This post, to which the Caria» dias have been assigned until facilities can be established for para troop training in Canada, was developed in 1919 as an infantry school.
Often termed the most complete army post in the United States, it was the birthplace in 1940 of the American Army parachute troop» expanded so rapidly that in May this year a highly-specialised paratroop school was formed under command of Col. George P. Howell.
The parachute course take» five weeks.
American graduates of the post have a motto: "We ride to fight; why walk?"
There are still,
Windsor Star
NEW COINS NEEDED Since soft drinks now coat cents and chocolate bare ¦far, how about the minister of finance ordering the minting of •even-cent and six-cent pieces? As it is now, so many coppers in change are jeopardizing the Wartime Prices and Trade Board’» efforts along the line of pants-peeket conservation.
•even
»
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
Their work was



%
Brantford Expositor
%

%

EASILY SATISFIED
The Nazi mind is fairly illustrated by the German officer who when he was captured by the Raasians declared: "It’s all the to me whom we fight. It to war itself that satisfies me."
—Stratford Beacon-Herald
%

Mr. Amery Confident
Mr. Amery, Secretary for India, declared in a broadcast that "prompt and firm action by the Government of India has, I believe, saved India and the Allied cause from grave disaster."
He expressed faith that the majority of "realistic" people in India are behind the Governments move to scotch “an attempt by blackmail and civil disturbance to make ordinary government of India impossible and to paralyze India’s war effort."
"No government could accept such a situation," Mr. Amery said. "The Government of India could not wait until the masses got excited, until rioting and bloodshed began. It was necessary to cut off the current, to disconnect Gandhi and other leaders frrni their fo.lowers.’*
In any case, Mr. Amtry said, the present action "will not deflect the Government from the broad purpose of providing India as soon as the war is over, with full opportunity under the consti-
/n
/
' /
v>
I
4
Farmers In Russia Save Much Grain
V'

.v
I

KNOWS HIS STUFF
The columnist who said it *t real summer until the chair came up when you did, kmew something about the humidity around this locality.
—St. Thomas Times-Joumal
A despatch to the government newspaper Izvestia said that the battles south of Rostov were >e-ing fought on fields covered by grain stubble, indicating thst collective farmers in the Caucasus had saved much of their crop despite the speed of the German advance.
In the Ordzhonikidze region, southeast of these battlefields and nearly 400 miles from Rostov, farmers were hastily gathering grain by hand and combine.
From Moscow numerous civilians went out to the woods to chop wood and dig peat for the coming winter, and Pravda, the Communist Party newspaper, said that self-sacrifice would be needed to supply the nation in the coming winter.


tution to become a free dominion, as free as any nation could be."
In his broadcast Mr. Amery said further that success of the Congress party campaign "would then mean the betrayal of China and of Russia."
“It .would mean the enslavement of India herself to the Japanese," he said. "That is what, in their reckless, irresponsible desire for party dominance, the Congress leaders are prepared to bring aoout."
The Government, he said, had "abundant ground for punitive action," but had confined itself to preventive action.
X




U. S. Broadcasts
Encourage Danes
Specially-directed short wave broadcasts from the United States being heard by 30,000 people to Denmark, it was revealed by a Danish announcer-writer of the foreign language division of an American broadcasting company. He is on an unofficial visit dur-tog which he visited Little Noreamp of the Royal Norwegian Air Force.
The broadcasting representative, who did not wish his identity revealed because of his family ¦till in Nazi-controlled Denmark, ¦aid his land was only one of many hearing broadcasts sent out daily in more than a dozen lang-The broadcasts give courte millions who are ready to aid the Allies should the signal be given, and form the basis of secretly mimeographed newspapers, which, before the United Stoics entered the war, reached this side of the water regularly, he said.
King Christian of Denmark has the texts of all broadcasts, taken dawn in shorthand, placed on his daily, he said.
"IV» from the chief of police. ... He recfuest» your presence tomorrow
nl City Hall for illegal parking. . • . Dress is informal.
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Kitchy-Kitchy
a
' I don't think beano feels
VERY MUCH. LIKE SITTIN' DOWN ON ACCOUNT Of AN EXPERIMENT ---, HE MADE/ ------------
MV POP BROUGHT ME HOME
WHAT KIND OF ’ AN EXPERIMENT ?
HE TRIED TO FIND OUT IF HIS FATHER WAS
:
LAS' NIGHT ! LET'S GET BEANO GOLDEN TO SIT DOWN AN KETCH EM FOR US WHILE WE PRACTICE ____ SMOOTH “feM? „_________V
ticklish WHILE HE
—X WAVIN' /
WAS
<c
V



)
! '
liiL.

\

n

* *

X
<

L


U2
2



V:
v
A>- J*



as
Liverpool’* docks contain nearly
forty miles of quays.
<
###PAGE###3###
WOOD WINS CANADIAN OPEN
Life In Britain Will Be Harder
I
\

m.
A0*

<

i


Drastic Economy Necessary In Domestic Coal

i
v" ÿ(P\
iWI
t V e * ‘-*1	9	V A*
as*nr «'#$ i



tlon

#


1
r:-:»


vas
I

A

In almost three years ef war, life in Britain has become more and more Spartan, but new restrictions will make it even more rigorous.
, A development likely to involve many hardships next winter is the call for saving 10,000,000 tons of coal. Domestic consumption has to be cut by 6,000,000, while the remaining 4,000,000 will be saved through economies by larger coal users.
Old clothes are being renovated to such an extent that shops doing this work are unable to keep pace with the orders. In one large London shoe repairing shop there are 15,000 pairs of shoes waiting to be repaired and new orders cannot be filled for three or four weeks.
Stocking Situation Serious
The firms that undertake “invisible mending” of stockings are requiring two weeks for deliveries, and the whole stocking situation is so acute that there will shortly be special shops where stockings can be resoled and reheeled from salvaged material which has been sterilized.
In every big store you can now get shirts recollared and recuffed from material taken off the tail. You can get a woman’s suit made up from a man’s tailcoat and trousers.
After Aug. 1 no more articles not considered strictly useful will be manufactured. That means no more ornamental glassware, coffee percolators, soup spoons, metal or rubber toys, jewelry, leather trunks, eyebrow tweezers, to name a few.
Less water for baths and fewer baths is urged. The plimsoll line of a bath is set at a five-inch level and the official injunction toi “Have a bath every other day.”

i V






1
Xn
#**
'


1A * »
6

!


w


V
%

i
4

I

«
m

i

Shooting 13 under par for 72 holes Craig Wood won the Canadian Open at Mississauga Golf Club, Toronto, on Saturday, even though Ben Hogan was the favorite. Here, after shooting three sub-par rounds and one of even par, Craig Wood is shown receiving Seagram Gold Cup, which goes to the winner, along with $1,000 well as the replica which will be added to his collection of trophies. J. E. Frowde Seagram is on the left making the presentation.
the
"Rico Kriepiee” ia a regie-
t>
tered trade mark of K ellogg Company of Canada Limited, for its brand of oven-
Have You Heard?
“Sawdust Fusiliers” Fight Forest Fires
à
poppedrice. Getsome today 1
Joe Davidson, the American sculptor, was idling about the streets of Paris when he was approached by an unkempt Arab who was carrying several carpets on his shoulder. “Buy s carpet ?” asked the street seller.
“No, no!” said the sculptor. “They smell !"
“How dare you say that!” cried the Arab indignantly. He drew himself up proudly. “I'll have you know, monsieur, that my carpets do not smell. It is I!”

«
Fighting forest fires in the Highlands is a new role of the Canadian Forestry Corps.
Recently the “Sawdust Fusiliers” distinguished themselves by bringing under control a dozen big fires and many small ones which threatened Scottish timber stands, immensely valuable to the war effort.
They fought the outbursts for 10 days with all the old skill they used in Canada when they battled summer blazes as civilian lumbermen in the north woods. Commendation was received from the British Ministry of Supply for the way the Canadians saved the forests.	/
SO CRISP THEY C-R A-C-K-L-E IN CREAM!
What Science Is Doing
Molybdenite
Second Most Urgently Needed Of All Strategic Minerals
(
I
I
ELIXIR OF HIPS
The hip harvest was bountiful In Scotland last autumn—134,000,000 hips weighing 200 tons were gathered before the Ministry of Health cried halt and further tons of hips were collected In England, so that this spring British druggists marketed 600,000 bottles of hip syrup. Hips are the soft scarlet, hairy fruit of the rose.
Boy scouts and women’s services were sent on their finger-pricking harvest when British chemists found that rose hips are an absurdly rich source of vitamin C— 400% richer than oranges (now rare as mangoes In Britain) and 300% richer than black currants (C richest cultivated fruit). All this was reported in copies of Monthly Science News recently arrived In the U. 8. from England.
Following antique herbals, many housewives concocted their own elixir of hips. Widespread result: they found themselves not only spooning out vitamin C to their bairns, but, as corks popped In pantries, indulging in a potent home-brew. Amused but impressed, • one British medical journal observed: ' We may even see hip syrup competing with orange juice after the war.”—Time

In World War No. 1 the Allies learned from captured German gun barrels some of the magic of molybdenum. Then Britain bought up every pound of molybdenite, the compound, that Norway could produce to keep any of the supply from flowing to Germany.
In this War today molybdenite Is even more sought after by the makers of high speed tools and every kind of high grade steel. This is a war of guns, planes, tanks and armour where speed In shaping, and stronger and longer-lifed steel can win.
I
I
Simms: "And you reckon you save money by going through the household counts every evening with wife?”
Grant: "I save dollars, old a. By thé time we balance it's too lets to go anywhere."
V
your

/
Scotland had had a warm, rainless month and woods were bone dry. Trains passing by used to spit out the occasional burning cinders as they passed and as an officer said “in less time than it would take to say London, Midland and Scottish Railway, there was a lovely little fire.”
Soon it was neither lovely nor little and the Canadians were called out. British troops helped them but it was a Canadian fire pump, veteran of many an Ontario and Quebec blase, that really did the job on the large fires.
Eight forestry corps companies of about 260 men each were involved in the fire fighting.
I
A parrot lived in the bar of an inn, and was accustomed to note the rush of business every Saturday night.
One Saturday it left its cage to explore the neighborhood, and was eventually found in a field surrounded by crows, who were busily depriving it of its feathers.
When the rescue party arrived, the parrot was heard ejaculating: “One at a time, gentlemen, if you please. One at a time; you’ll all be served.''
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS

/*
FREE CATALOGUE
ACCORDIONS WANTED
New 5 Cent Coin To Replace Nickel
FREE! CATALOGUE OF RAJR^
ACCORDIONS WANTED
*nd Exciting book*. Rev. T Great Work on Marriage Relation». $2.49. SUPER MAIL OR» DER. 57 Queen Street Weal, Toronto, Ontario.
Rest prices paid for piano accordions, twelve to hundred and twenty base.
4
THE T. EATON CO. LTD.
Canada's new 12-sided five cent pieces, likely to be In circulation next month, will be made of copper and sine, an alloy known as tombac, Hon. J. L. Ilsley, Finance Minister, announced last week.
Mr. Ilsley, announcing in the Commons Aug. 1, the Government’s intention to introduce the new coin, said the action was being taken to preserve Canada’s nickel supply for war purposes.
Mr. Ilsley described the composition of the new coin as "an admixture of copper and sine, similar to ‘prince’s metal/ named after Prince Rupert, and also an Alloy called 'tombac/ from Malay 'tombaga/ a popular alloy for Jewelery in the East Indies.”
Easy To Distinguish
The Finance Minister explained that the dodecagonal coin is designed to prevent confusion with the one-rent, 10-cent or 25-cent coins.
“Its size should prevent it from being elusive,” he said, "and It will be easy to distinguish and extract, when mixed with other coins In a purse or trouser’s pocket, by its unique and peculiar shape.
‘it has neither the milled edge of the silver nor the plain round edge of the former nickel or the one-cent piece, so that even a strayed reveller in the dark would not be likely to bestow it upon some unworthy recipient in mistake for a quarter.
A War Measure
“The size, weight and thickness aer exactly the same aa the present 5-cent nickel coin in circulation. It will, therefore, operate in the pay station telephones and will fit. coin-changomaking machines in theatres, on street railway cars and buses. . .
“To the end of 1941 there had been nearly 90,000,000 nickel coins Issued from the mint, so that anyone should have no difficulty In getting a nickel piece, If they so desire, for years to come.
“The elimination of nickel coinage Is really a ‘victory’ measure, and is expected to Release about 60 tons of nickel a year for war purposes. After the war the coins can be recalled, or, if returned as worn coin, can be made Into bronze cents without* difficulty or lose.
¦t Depi
leal Iastro
HAIRDRESSING SCHOOL
Toronto
LEARN HAIRDRESSING THE ROBertson method. Information on r*» • luest regarding classes. Robert* sin's Hairdressing Academy, X2T Avenue Road, Toronto.
AGENTS WANTED
f, k»w
“T#
my make a few?”
Tommy: "Three or four." "How mgmÊÊÊÊÊggÊM
dozen ?"
Teacher:
MONET
LADIES! IS
needed in your home? If you have a few hours a day to spare. We have an earning opportunity for you. Write to Avon Product# of Canada, Limited, 1016 St. Alexander St.. Montreal, Quebec.

make
MEDICAL
Tiny Men Needed For Midget Subs
GOOD RESULTS — EVERY SUPW ferer from Rheumatic Pains oi
Dixon's R
AUTOMOBILES — USED
Neuritis should try edy. Munro'e Drug Store, Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.0*.
many make a mil
"How lie» ?"
"Very few."
YK

I
USED CARS WITH GOOD TIRES, See us first. We will fund your cost of transportation to Toronto, If you buy from us. Mount Pleasant Motor# Ltd. Used Car Lots at 1650 Danforth Avenue and 2040 Yonge Street. Head Office, 632 Mount Pleasant Road, Toronto. Telephone Highland 2181.
The Australian radio reported recently that a number of small boys, taking advantage of their size, climbed into a Jap midget submarine on exhibition in Sydney and defied all efforts to pry them out.

PATENTS
>
A typical example of the unconquerable Cockney spirit, famous city tavern, windows shattered, has the following notice posted up where the windows once stood :—
f’ETHEKSTONHAUUH A COMPANf Patent Solicitors. Established 1890;	14 King West, Toronto
Booklet of Information on Hk quest
HOW CAN l?
A
Q. How can I keep neckties from curling when washing them?
A. Before washing washable neckties, baste the linings in place, so they will not curl and become lumpy. Then remove the basting before Ironing.
Q. How can I remove mud stains from garments?
A. Let the mud dry on the garments. Then try brushing with a stiff whisk broom, and If that doesn't prove effective, try scratching It off with the edge of a penny. This Is Just as sharp as Is needed, and will usually do the work without injuring the material.
Q. How can I keep flies and other insects away from freshly-painted surfaces?
A. By mixing a little bay oil (laurel oil) with the oil paint. Or, place a receptacle containing this oil in the vicinity of the painted objects. The pungent odor will keep off the files.
Q. How can I make good pot-holders?
BABY CHICKS
The submarines were so small, said a broadcast recorded by CBS, that adults could not go in after the boys, who "remained until they were disposed to come out themselves.”
The broadcast said that naval officers expressed their astonishment that men small enough to man the submarine could be found even in Japan. One officer estimated the maximum height possible as four feet two inches. The submarine was raised from the harbor after it was sunk during a recent attack on Sydney.
PATENTS A TRADE MARKS
BRAY FALL SERVICE BULLETIN ready soon. You'll find it invaluable this coming season with poultry and farm production ranking with the essential industries. Order your Bray September chicks in good time, also. Bray Hatchery, 130 John, Hamilton, Ont
OPEN AS USUAL The little tea and coffee shop next door, windows all shattered, has gone one better and announces cheerily:—
MORE OPEN THAN USUAL.
ÊGERTON R. CASE. REGISTERED United States, Canadian, Brltlea Patent Attorney. Booklet gratia Established over forty years. 8* Balsam Avenue. Toronto.
PHOTOGRAPHY
BAKERY EQUIPMENT
Dressmaker this the most perfect fit I've
"I consider
DONT TRUDGE THROUGH
BAKERS' OVENS AND MACHINery, also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence Invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co„ 103 Bathurst 8L. Toronto.	_______
The Heel, Rale, or Hall
99
HAVE YOUR SNAPS
"Well, you
Customer should see the fit my husband will have when he gets the
bill.”
Delivered by Hell
Any 6 or 8 exposure developed and printed Supreme quality and fast servie# guaranteed.
film perfect!* for only Zk&
MELTING, ETC. FOR TIIRESHERMEN
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
BELTING FOR THRESHMERMEN. Endless thresher belts, hose, feeder canvas, pulleys, shafting, hangars, bearings, motors. Special—Belting for traces, 2 Inch 6-ply, 15c foot. All types of transmission supplies In stock for immediate shipment at attractive low prices. Merchandise guaranteed and shipped subject to your Inspection. Send your ordére to THE YORK BELTING 88 YORK STREET. TORONTO
T see, dear,” remarked the wife, reading from her newspaper, "that a woman has been awarded £2,000 damages for the loss of a thumb. I shouldn't have thought a thumb was as valuable as that."
"Perhaps she kept her husband under it," grunted her husband.
Station J, Toronto
PLUMBING AND HEATING
Modern Etiquette
NEW AND USED. HOT WATER tanks, bath tubs, sinks, toilet* basins, electric water pump* septic tanks, taps, drainage fittings, pipe, fittings, valves, radiators, Jacket heaters, hot wat furnaces, greenhouse heater* etc. Enquire now. Better. Plumbing Company Limited, 2976 Dun-das Street West, Toronto.
1. When you have a friend whose faults you would like to correct, what would be the best thing to
CO.
do?
2. When writing a letter to an acquaintance who calls you "Mrs. Bridges," how should you sign the letter?
"It's the little things that keep people awake at night," says a doctor.
Especially those aged one day to 18 months.
HULLS FOR SALE
A. When making pot holders, It
idea to Insert a layer
is a g
of leather from an old glove through the center. This will eliminate danger of burned fingers, as leather is a nonconductor of heat.
•TUi
REGISTERED HEREFORDS. HERD Bull and two good younger bulls. C. Gooch, 762 King East, Hamll-
HHELMATIC PAINS
TRY IT! EVERY SUFFERER O¥ Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Mun-ro's Drug Store, 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
3.	Isn't it all right to eat soft fruits with the spoon?
4.	Is it good taste for a girl to wear many conspicuous Jewels to a dance?
6. When drinking any kind of refreshment, should a little be left in the glass?
6. Is a courteous motorist always careful about throwing away his lighted cigar or cigarette stub?
ton.
DYEING * GLEANING
HAVE YUU ANYTHING NEEDS dyeing or cleaning? Write to us for Information. We are glad to answer your questions. Department H. Parker’s Dye works Limited. 791 Yongs Street, ronto.
vr	WHY HAVE
I SX SORE
Q. How can I remove grass stains from white cotton fabric?
A. White goods may be sponged with clear ammonia for the removal of grass stain*. For silks and woolens, white or colored, use alcohol.
OLD RUGS REWOVEN NEW
HUGS. NEW HUGS MADE FROM Dominion Rug Weaving C pany, 964 Queen St. W„ Toronto* write for bookLt.
old.
To-
FOOT BALM
TEACHER WANTED
BAUMEEKA FOOT BALM destroys offensive odor instantly, 45c bottle. Ottawa agent. Denman Drug Store. Ottawa. ___________________
SuStRVB IH
HAVELOCK
WANTED,
testant teacher for Section 1 Belmont, ten miles north Havelock. Duties to begin September 8th. State salary. Apply to Chas. W. Munro. Secretary, Havelock, R.R. 14, Ont.
PRO-
a
Answers
1. Overlook theee faults, and concentrate on the qualities he possesses that has made him your friend. Perhaps you have a fault that this friend Is generous enough to ignore. 2. "Mary Bridge*.” 8. The fork should be used for soft fruits, vegetables, salads, meats, cakes, and pie*. The knife and ehould be used as little as pos sible. 4. it Is poor taste, unless the dance is an elaborate affair, and even then it is conspicuous. 6. One may drink all of It; but avoid throwing back the head, or turning the glass upolde down to drain it. 6. Yes. Otherwise, he may hit someone with it. If In traffic, or hi the country on a dry day he may start a grass fire.
^•11
In one day recently 260,000 women, including mothers and grandmothers, registered for war work in Britain.
FOR SALK
06*
FUR HALE:	$2,500, 4 ACRES, 4
roomed cottage, cellar, Hydro, close to highway, Toronto 16 miles, taxes $12.80. R. H. Kane, Richmond Hill.
NIMÉ
i*9
TEACHER WANTED
BERKELEY
testant teacher wanted for 8.8L No. 9. Holland. State salary and qualifications, also telephone number, duties to commence Im September. Thomas Secretary - Treasurer.
R.K. No. 1, Ont.
QUALIFIED PRO-
FILMS DEVELOPED
Here’s Where You Try For Big Profits
You GIRLS WHO SUFFER
Help me skew up how bis and valuable the bill of
claim really la. Millie
tal la ueeded eo badly to streMgtkra uteri far
lybdewlte
You will appreciate the true meaning of quality and service If you send your snapshots to be developed at
A
spoon
rock oa my mlala*
of teas, maybe.
Dennison,. Berkeley,
Far elaee ear
the War, the Gavera
quantity This Mill taraa molybdenite are late nreflts. That’s why 1 «
at will kelp erect a mill when we peeve
MAl'FAIIt PHOTO SERVICE
314 YONGE STREET. TORONTO
“Helpful Shooting Tip."
(To aid you In taking* better pictures we give advice and criticism on every roll.)
ft or 8 exposures developed v printed. 26c. 2 prints of each only S6c.
MAIL THEM IN TODAY TO
MAYFAIR PHOTO SERVICE
•14 YONGB STREET, TORONTO
affari ta give yea helping with me little af your money.
large an Interest far
THRESHING MACHINE
I
FOR HALE
A 32-80 SAWYER-Massey threshing machine, fully equipped with Eleersol Feeder Shredder,
If yon suffer monthly cramps, back-
Flll la the ad
V. J. DWYER.
73 Adelaide »*. W„
ache, distress of "Irreg ilarltles,"
i
want
nervousness—due to functional
about Dwyer Fraspe* tl
I afar m
My a-
%
clover attachment, and drive belt. Belfountaln, Ont.
and
grain blower Archie Lawr.
write yaw
and
ta
dleatr where I here my ehaaee at making hlg
We
*' prefit*
Plnkham'e Vegetable Compound
wark. Me mall taday t# be la
«
Ttblets (with added Iron). Made
Nu
1
i
tl
ta make

Add
meat
y
ISSUE 34—’42
;
1
1
«


###PAGE###4###



%


Financial Statement of Dance Held at Pine Lodge, Bristol
The following it financial statement .f a dance held tt Pine L'^ige. June 83rd : * moke# for Brietol tv.ya overae#* : —
•38 Oft
Open Letter from the Montreal Association for the Blind

THE EQUITY
NOTICE

y
Timely values in
It .you with a De Laval Milking Machine for the coming year, place, your order now a* the Company** IMI ; «junta 1»exhausted and the 1943 quota, which ta reduced 60 |a?r cent., will he tiled shortly.
August 14th, 11)42
Shawville. August 27th. 19421 lK^r Sir;
know of any
Total Hiti«uitit realised
It y.ntr readers
English-speaking child who in absenting himself or herself from school on account of impure J vision, a*c shall he glad if they will send the name and address to our Institution. It U very important that all blind and p tritally blind childten should lx* educated, and the School of the Montreal Association for the blind is well equipped t«>r tlvs purpose. The children are taught to read and wriglit by means of the Ri aille System, and in addition to the subjects taught in the ordinary Public Syh instruction is given in Music and Typewriting and the pupils are trained in useful occupation which will enable them to become self supporting
MENS’ SUITS
June 24 —Smokes for 9 hoy.4 fl) 00 July 20—Smokes for 8 boys 9 00 Aug 21 — Smokes for 9 boys 0 00 Kits t«»r non-smoker.
Expenses
Di p «sited in smoke* bottle at H l Smith's store ..
Minutes of Council Onslow North
August 18th, 1942
A special meeting of the Municipal Council of North Onslow was held on the above date. Present:	Andrew
Daley, Mayor, and Crs. Young, Dagg, Arm it age and Martineau.
The Secretary Treasurer that he notified the Mayor and all the qualified Councillors after discussion by members of the Council.
Motion by Vrs Young and Arm it age that this Council sell their claim on part of lot VdC Range 13 of this township, to Ambrose Hearne f«»r twenty-dollars cash, ami that Andrew Daley, Mayor, and Andrew Farrell. hec-Treas , be authorized to sign the deed of sale of same—Carried.
Motion by Crs Young and Dagg tli tt former Councillors, Joseph Xallillev and Daniel B. Farrell l>e reappointed Vrs for the balance of their terms ot office
respectively—Carried.
Motion by Crs Dagg and Martineau, that this Council adjourn until Sept. Mb at one o’clock in the afternoon—Carried.
Asvrkw Farrell
Sec Tl cas.
CLIFFORD CONK,
Agent
De Laval Co.npany Ltd.
. .	3 00
• e
(I 00

at Fraser’s
2 05
$38 03
Farm For Sale or Rent
Being Lot 14, Range 4. of the township of Clarendon, containing 100 acres, I more or lews, with or without stock. For further particular# apply to.
Kknnkth HoiRiiNrt, or Harry Wilson Sh aw ville.
certifying
A complete stock of fine worsteds and tweeds models for Men and Young Men.
the selection will be greatly reduced. Sizes 36 to 46
in
not.
Crushed Frozen Fruit
Requires Canning Care
If crushed frozen fruits, a comparatively new product now gain-favor, are to please consumers,
We have a Sigh, eaxmg < '*-¦	’•	the packers find they must exercise
where children rv*d ami ante m Large scrupuious care (0 prevent undesir-
| g Frequently by facing ehudrvn al>le flavors and oddrs from metal with weak eye# in a Mght giving U t» equipment and containers.
Mich AS i* operated by our >chu„l. pn* Chemists of the Western Regional ent vision i# pre^rved lor mmy »«»'"'«* Research laboratory of the U. S. year» thm	he the case it the dvpartment of agriculture say that
pupils stayed in ivguUr v tsse-* will, metajs containing iron, zinc and
coi sequent v}»trii n.	copper are particularly bad.
Extensive grmmd'nre ;itt tolled to p^ujt acids dissolve iron; which S. huol Ilu i lu g vu 1, Milt th v comhines with fruit tannins in
t > iy th - astringent fruits, affecting the color.
Zinc or galvanized metals dissolved by fruit acids are somewhat toxic and give an astringent taste to the product.
Tin cans arc used for packaging most frozen crushed fruit, but the cans should be lined with enamel or lacquer. This is especially nec-for red-colored fruits and
Buy now, later
$21.50
some
on
citizens.
• e
Tyi*
I
Teachers Wanted
Mens’ Work Boots
Size. 6 to 41 $2.49 to $3.98
Mens Work Trousers
Sues 32lo 46 $1,50 to $2.95


Acres School, nm’e or Salary $300.00. Applicant» « x peril nee and qualifie»*
Teacher f«»r

female, pteaae state tinns. Reply to
Mens' Overalls
Sizes 36 to SO $1.50 to $2.75
Mens’ Work Shirts
Sizes to 14 to 18 98c to $1.50
M ti. HENDERSON.
Secretary-Trcaaurei,
Campbell's Ray, Que.
*
the
apparatn* ft r recreit
parents who are in a pmvtioh to do -o
contribute toward*

a

are expected to their child’.- m tint en tore
Your co op« ration in the
locating the E'igliah ?peaking bind and partially Mini children witl i»e very greatly appreciated.


xvi.rk of
Mens. Dress Trousers
Sizes 29 to 44 $3.95 to $6.50
Mens Work Socks
All colours 29 to 65 cents

Cemetery Donations
Acute Shortage of Nurses
Hans are now being formulated by Canadian Nurses Association to overcome the "acute shortage of well qualified graduate nurses in Canada which will become even more alarming as the months pass." Miss h. h lanagan, president ol the Quebec Registered Nurses Association, announced recently.
The situation today can be explained	Exeter, a Cultural Center
briefiv as follows " Miss Flanagan said. England’s ancient city of Exeter ‘-V,.rmaliv we have about Ü3.000 grad has been added to the group of "cud-uate nurses in Canada.	I tural centers " bombed by the Ger-
-The average number of students mans in revenge raids, enrolled in Schools of Nursing in Cana- Situated approximately 160 air di U 11 200, of which about 3,000 miles southwest of London and 38 . r uinate annually but approximately 30 from Plymouth, this old cathedral vvr cent marry within two years of city—combining the bustle of a busy graduation and are lost to the profes port and manufacturing town, the r	noise of a market place, and the
started about 1.600 quiet dignity of a time-mellowed graduate nurses have enrolled in the country town—stands on a ridge of Crim'd forces or for service in South land high above the river Exe. Africa while, during this period, the A city looking progressively for-dvnmnd for competent nurses in h os pi ward and historically backward tal< industry and public health work. Exeter, with a population of slightly ha* increased by an appreciable margin, over 69,000, has built its modern pa-“\t present there is alarming per mills, breweries, and foundries shortage which can only be remedied if along the river banks and narrow
inrents and daughters who show inch cobbled streets where Romans
nation and who have the educational walked more than 14 centuries ago. background, will interest themselves in Remains of the old Roman wall tlv* honourable profession of nursing which surrounded the city still exist which so well tits a girl for shouldering The ruins of Rougemont castle, built i to nubilities all through her life. in the days of William the Conquer-"Nur-ir." today offers many more or, stand on the great earthwork opportunities than it did a few ye rs j thrown up by the Britons to defend , V. Hours are shorter; salaries are j me city. One of the oldest munici-Vvtter than they were a few years ago pal buildings in England—the Guild-\t the same time married ami hall—is on High street.
• ired nurse* xxlc are phieically ht can I	u ~
assist be reporting back for duty ami, j where necessary, take refresher cou,ses which are now being planned.
•The Canadian Nurses Associait with the assistance of the Dominion t •	j i„ now considering quite
ubMantia! lmn« ami VursurU* ..........I sent by Americans, an indication of
'	lUAliticd their growth and present hold on
the American public. Statistically, this is more than 20 greeting cards for each individual in the United studying States during the year.
The greeting card provides a modem way of satisfying age-old needs, tii- It is an expression of man's desire t for friendship, kinship and affec-n d h«-id tion. It is a means by which the
inarticulate may find a voice for their feelings. Thus it helps to strengthen morale and to preserve the unity of our social structure.
Dr. D. J. Campbell, treasurer of the village Cemetery Improvement Fund, Acknowledge* with thinks the following donations:—
Previously acknowleged..
Theodore Hodgin*.. ..
Mrs XV .1 Dagg, Ottawa Harold G. Wilson .
Win. J. Brownlee ...
X. Brownlee, Ottawa .
I. .1. Caldwell.....
Mrs. .las. D. Horigins ., ..
C. A L Tucker.............
W. H. Corrigan............
Mis. Kd Smiley ..........
V ur- faithfully
J. T. H KOI.IK Piincinal
the
essary those containing tannin.
Freezing fresh fruits in an atmosphere of inert gas such as carbon dioxide or nitrogen or under conditions which exclude air, does not affect the flavor.
e
Agents for Renfrew Dry Cleaners
. 2u2 50 .. 2 00 .. 1 00 2 00 1 00 6 00 10 HO 2 00 2 00 2 00
j .	crincbloiluncf and
'haberdashery hi men and boys

• • •
&»

• •
Queen’s Visit Renews Importance
The springs at Bath, England, were the center of a Roman resort city developed during the first four centuries A. D. This was ruined by the Saxons in 577 A. D. and for
wmm mm..................................
great heights midway in the seventeen hundreds.	-	)’ ‘ .,1 V1 ',V '	1
There were severe growing pains Dwght McDowell ..
attached to this new popularity, un- J rs spa and instituted needed régula- R, O. Hodgm*
iHrHS e#»,:
: became a prelude to an evening at Plate Collection .
gaming tables. Growth of the city followed the well-made plans of competent architects, earning for it Landor’s description, the “Florence of England.”
Even though it waned as a fashionable resort literary and political celebrities continued to patronize it, and the former have written it repeatedly into lasting literature, such as “Humphrey Clinker,” “The Rivals,” “Pickwick Papers,” “The Virginians,” and more recently,
Booth Tarkington’s “Monsieur Bcau-caire.”
i

I

1 00
A.FRASER drs. SON
2 00 2 00 2 00 2 00 ft 00
¥

^ N,P.Horner's old stand SHAW VILLE, QUE.
sum.
‘
A
“Since the war

1 00
2 00
1 00
;\\v
wv
9

2 00
• • • • •

2 00

2 00
2 00 2 00
Let US Do Your
GRINDING
• •
• •
2 00

l (• ... U 12
r.s
We have just ir stalled a new Deisel Motor and can now attend to all your Grinding in a very short time.
J, lm It. McDowell, treasurer c f the Maple Grove'WVmetery Fund, noknow-li-dge* with thanks the following donations:—

A
)

î
t •

I
%
First Published Greeting Card
The first known published greeting card appeared in England in 1842, 100 years ago. In 1942, nearly three billion greeting cards will be
:
*4
MUs Grace McKnight ......
Mrs. Samuel Rennick......
Mrs. Reggie Horigin*....
W. A Horigin*.............
Mis John Judd ..........
on».
ft 00
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.

«r
i in

r> on
1
/
/
/
( M l

to increase tue number <'t
and the number of those wh
education;!
• • •
t
/

1 (
/
Mis> I/»u
W K. N il d” h-, Ottawa
St nrg
h van
&
I
• •
Telephone 126 SHAWVILLE

nurses
be trained, and fitted, l«»i i sped il work.
The Association is also clinical service* in hospital* wit h to setting up standards tor p
and i*
' • •* § - - • -
establishment of a
bare -1 ieh will be
/
•2 00 /, I HI '/

Historical Russian Kerch
The Golden Mound on the slopes of Mount Mithridates in Kerch.
Russia, concealed a big stone vault
containing golden dishes. The \jrs \Vm Kriwar-t Hudgins Mound of Cinders was the tomb of \jlt. j. |m * q an ancient Greek king and his
¦mb He wore golden bow \;t> x. M«Knight Alii buckles. She had a golden diadem, \,,s V’iank itice and breast jewels A gold- \| f < )|e,.jo en vase lay at her feet. Anoth tomb contained what is believed to | \\ be the oldest Greek mural existing.
It dàtes from the Fourth B. C A Christian catacomb bears the date 491. The Church of St.

>
/
Mis J i>. T Rio vu .
I) «Vi i T H dgm>.....
.1 I1. Wilson . ......
r
a r. <

CHICK
*U*T«N»

/

• %



11 Vl'.V
I
f
4 (?(
;


f,
pUtming
i* v

Ml ter to
Me


mem
V
mirs"
!
inv tillable in

\, Sr-tv h I ’or
( Ymm



servitv or qu »rter« v \. wnr
All ti
however c ivs- eligibi
?S I
V xx >
ir X %. X
X
I lu*
% X
% X
X
x
;
< )tt«Wd
Mot ris.»n, 1V1 fool
vvviod.
I uu
)
\ on

1.1


1
rock


f the Ass»»..! rune the
women
tff»lt.H
I
lit.
veil .
• i
M, D

1 Mis. Austin

shortug

n • f iV RI C
M. ..
\V
(1
t I
1 1 |l
th
DALES TINSHOR

I
» ti

\ ()\\n l;
hi

tl

i


Grade School Pupils’ Eyes Eighty-five per cent of our kn edge comes t and for that
1
L 1
t I t
iii
,C
I t
w lict hvi
nt depends A ! It I
i
exit
Nathan Hale Sketch	. g
le. Revolutionary patri- t who :;t 21 lost his life in the serv-; country, was bora in Conçut on June 6, 1755. After he ?s graduated from Yale he taught
the outbreak of th
rose to 1 when Guo volunt
3
r
1-
?
it
i i
V I
î 1
11 U l U U « (

mrom.’ our eyes,	_
wason it is important' J®hn the Baptist, built in 711, pre*- j ot t visual efficiency be 5 a specimen of purest By?an maintain* f to as high
4 1
I II

I.
1 • '

TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS

Dahydrated Apples
Ordered by the Army

I I

111 C (1U C 3
IV
tine art
For 2,500 years or more.'Kerch v has felt the impact pf tt between civilizat First known sc re the Celtic Cimmerians .•re driven out by the n< ovythians,
• Greeks to
/¦•fl
raised standards as pot
T Tnff\r1itnnf ni
U iiiUi lUéici iv i
1
4
Mil
X- b •
-

>ie

Irqt-
f'r prot cchc
1
The r
i
\
t probl
ng eyes in grammar
no attent
of
i v \ rvr
l
rm
• l 4 J

A CREAT BAKER AN DA, GRAND HEATER-

V ill
t

and barbar

lut!
H<
f K
(

4 :
lui)
ry war.
IT *

I I
g
ui
M V
of Ci
I lid s
I
f T
• r
1 1
*1

1

V
• •
1 I
t

l I
L 1 vlU l


n


t.;
ked for
IV
1
ter-
1 by the srr-» for the pi
fr A

parents
11 «
vv
r

that it
. !» II*
ft A A V k
V ' l
V 1
i


f ed
That this* is ou
«
to
1:1
true

*y s
out it


11, 4 « tv i


ft



1 vU

J « •
.1 . .11 4 w no aito
f
:4
I
number of sum proximotely 20 j s grad
: a ;
• «X


o
i
s si i
V- L4
II
IS 1
t




- i
red himself
.1
A I
1


!
< ;
reve
cent

H


MA16W0Ü3 RANGE s

n

1 \
n

I

from C
towns st


¦

r.
f tl
• *
Boner
popci

ni
» «
i I Z I M
U U
LH ZVUUU
ormation
\ * A

J

1


vk origin.
r. It al
G
id

has
!

4'

tf>	ao cr'i
{,1 itw*'. • - v. i
Is One out of five leaves s
4
4 -%
H •
I <
t r
11
in vis
vc t.ieit’c i.


A V
A l

prly reached his own picket l.ne |gj
discovered. Taken be-
Roll Over Three Times!	fore General Howe, he was con- |
The Northwestern university traf- demned to death the following
» *» SÎ
*¦¦¦
tarn anywhere from 17 to 26 per tige and profit m time 0f peace. increased—from 27.9 per cent to 31.1 every time.
cent.	per cent of the cities reporting.
w it h
ol with
a handicap to his enjoyment of and s in adult life.

ta it
CÇ I
ner
« i
\ V
11
L
#

f f

a
or canned **
cr.Mpo
in
in

V 4

V4 #

It
I

Its wonderful working qualities and attractive appearance have made the Findlay Oval a favourite in thousands of Canadian homes. Available in three sizes. Large oven. Large, fast-heating reservoir. See it today!
progn
X (
used in ss a substi- !
1
'
p pie; in fnct, ticaUy every way
ISP
1	4_1
Cl *


i
1
4 v • 4
lor

lu
nuggets, thor-
Th
trmy s ai tested in Bakers and Coot
)!


cughly
schools

4 U

4 »
U1V
urn

I
from
m

1
Ordar your Furnace now -
supply is limited
kno

i i

u J

Drink Milk and Vinegar
All one has to do to remember
tyn

«* 9 fa
QgggQBIBlS
40ÜWfSBkM


ru

4 W

FARM FOR SALE
Tenders Wanted

The Estate Richard McCaffrey farm ut Wcirstead, Bristol township, 200 good buildings, well watered, over 100 acres good tillable land, Apply to
Mrs- Richard McCaffery
VVeirstead Q<ie.
STEPHEN SMITH, Maryland or, H. C. ROW AT, N.P., Shawville
Tenders v ill be received by the undersigned up to September 7. 1942, for construction of a new School in the Township of Leslie. All ttnders to be valid for two months.
acre*.
V
THOS. QUA I LE, Secretary Treasmer Otter Lake, Que.

ft







U*
###PAGE###5###

1

A# up?
«
Look Here
I
Service » Announcement*
!
For Sale, Want*, Found,
Lott, etc.
Sunday, August 30th
Shaw villi Unitko Church Riv A. F. Foams B. A., B.D. Pastor
11.00	a. m. Service at Shawville
8.00	p. ra.~Service at Zion
3 30 p. m. Service at Stark's Corners
The evening service at Shawville is withdrawn.
The pastor will preach at the above ^ V1 services.
Special Ouest *|>eûker will be Mrs. James Murdock, wife of Senatoi Murdock, of Ottawa.

AUGUST
SPECIALS
B00MEK8 WANTED - Comfort able rooms for school children	Apply
MUM. ElOU V«0!N«.	¦¦
Shawville. Phone II - 40.

Box 192,



>

FOR SALK—One Yorkshire sow, two years old and her litter of 12 young igs, 3 weeks oM. Apply to Clarkncm Bbownlfk, fi. tt I, Shawville. Phone 2< - 13
(b
I.
In Household Furnishings From the Dry Goods Department
j%$%3ssc8atsi6$*aesxsams$ss^
Fancy Curtain Net
ROOMS FOR RENT—Comfortable
rooms suitable for scholars. A) y I y to Mrs. Aha Laugh rtm, Centre Street, Shaw ville.
Æ
!

v^nss>v\\
I
B watoL United Church Lay Minister :-Mr. Leslie Dean
11,00 a. m.—Service ut St. Andrews 2.15 v ni —Sunday School flfljj HÉ Service at Knox
- Service at Austin
l

FOR SALE— Litter of Yorkshire pigs, ready for delivery; two pure bred Yorkshire^sowe, s x weeks old. Apply to Bert W. Hoik;ins, Shawville, phone 20 13

L 3

perhaps you have wondered many times as you have lifted a heavy pad of milk shoulder-high to pour it into your Separator tank.
If your Separator is a Renfrew you have never ai the matter a thought (o\ a Renfrew “up" is 39 inches from the floor. This is one reason why women prefer a Renfrew. This— and ease of operation, perfect skimming, absolute cleanliness and absence of surface oil.
Quality the highest — price the lowest, quality considered. Capacities 400 IbrJBOO lbs., 800 lbs. and 1000 lbs., per hour.
see#
I
3.00	p. ill.—
8.00	p. m. -
white and gold pattern, ecru dotted pattern white with red dots
Plain white with raised dots, white and green dots, black and white dotted.
All 42 inch material at 35 cents per yaid
MS
m

ANGLICAN
Kkv. K. V. Holton, BA., L.Th.
ROOMS— Comfortable rooms, suitable for School children. Apply t Mb*. Rkguik Hodoin*, Main Street, Shaw ville.
IJ
ven


r on


St. Paul’s

sw

%

Holy Communion —8 00 a. m.
Morning Prayer—11.00 Kvening Praytr —7.30 p. m
ShAwville Sunday School withdrawn 1 ville, phone 74 for the month.	------------


ROOMS TO RENT- Comfortable rooms, suitable foi Scholars. Apply to Mrs. M. La no kori>, Main Street, Shaw
a. in.


Fancy Living Room Curtain Material
42 inch Madras, per yard ...
42 inch Silk net, per yard..
42 inch Lace material, per yard 40 and 42 inch Tuscan nets, per yard 3o to 4oc 40 inch Green and white scrim, per yard 2oc 42 inch Peach coloured scrim. per yard....	c
and Chintz Materials
m



40c
EUR SALE—9 Jersey milk cows, 4 Jersey heifers, 1 Jersey bull. Apply to Mr*. M. Stilus, Campbell’* Bay, Que.
Holy TmnIty
Sunday School—8.30 p. m. Evening Prayer—3.16 p m.
St Luke»
Sunday School—1 30. p. m. Evening Prayer—800 p in

35c
Irew men in
your neighborhood. He

45c
e e e •
«#•••••••
you for eech Renfrew product he œil» you — end wo etend behind him in C this re#
•ibility.
RANGES . HEATERS WASH -RITES - TRUCK SCALES INCUBATORS
Com for table rooms, suitable for scholar*. Apply to Mrs. Nobrim Angus, Main Street, Shaw ville.
ROOMS TO RENT
SEPARATORS
Parish cli trge
ROOMS TO RENT—Several com-
Apply to Mum. Alf Phone 32.
North Clarendon Rev l\ R Stotk. in
North Onflow: —
Morning Prayer—10.30 a. m.
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED RENFREW ONT.
ST.JOHNS P.Q.
fortahle rooms. Draper, Shaw ville.
New Cretonnes
30 inch fancy flowered chintz
30 inch fancy flowered chintz.
30 inch fancy flowered chintz.
Double-fold Reversible Cretonnes
45 inch fancy coloured patterns.
45 inch shadow cloth.........
45 inch floral design cretonne .
30 inch fancy quilt patterns.
REGINA SASH.
SUSSEX N.B.
20c
FOR SA LE-One atet-le t’>d buggy, iii tierfeet fond it inn. App’y to Dawson Armstrong, R 1, Sh iw ville, | hone 20-
25c
Several good used Separators to clear
at reasonable prices
Thorne Ventre—
Sunday School— 2.00 p InEvening Prayer—2 *-'0 P ni. Grtei mount: —
Evening Prayer—4 30 p. m.
29c
12.
LEO R. KEON
»
FOR SALE —1 hny gilding, 5' years old, 1100 the ; y *ara old.
App’y to John L Plume G4.
50c
I cheat nut gilding, 7 Will w# ik ai d drive well. Hr ixïiNs, Shaw ville.
75c
DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE
McKee - Quebec

Char «ri»
50c
Evening Prayer—R,00 p. m«
25c
Memorial Church
Presbyterian itev. Wallace MacKinnon, B A. D.viue Service—1100 a. m.
Bristol
Shade Tree» Show the
State of Their Health

Shade trees are like human beings in that their appearance is often determined by their health.
Trees react to various ailments like humans—and they show it in how they lpok. A common symptom of illness in humans is poor color and unattractive skin. Unhealthy trees have off-color foliage, and ugly roughening or discoloration of otherwise smooth bark.
; Poor diet is one cause for illness The annual Vamp Meeting ot »»« .fi trees> anc| can be attributed in
Standard Vhurch, will c< nmience <'R many casep to an over-abundance of Sunday. August 30th, continuing nx^ concentrated foods, such as nitro-Sunday, September Cth, m Mi. M'-ugn, > gen^ ancj a % g c It of health-giving ele-
grove.	i ments such as water, or vital min-
Sei vice daily ht IV 3°	tv»., l > ami erajs Both over-developed and un-
der-developed trees suffer from the wrong food.
And an overdeveloped tree is as unhealthy as one and “underweight!" Over-development or excessive growth is indica-of a structural weakness which ekes the tree especially vulner-i.ble to injury in storms and by ice-ng, causing a hazard to passers-
»
For Beautiful
Cemetery Memorials
Clarendon ( ibcuit S T. Holmes, Pastor
_Service rtt It id ford
—Sei vice at Bristol Service at Yarn»
«
Standard Church Camp Meeting:
IlKV
RUGS
11.00	». m
3.00	p. m.
8.00	p. m.—
Write or phone
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
New Choice Selection of Hugs and Floor Coverings.
\

Phone, 278
8.0i‘p. m.	, .
A hearty invitation is * xti-wM to all
p;v<t«.r. K. I lb HERTSON.
Congoleum Rugs Feltol Rugs
Congoleum by the yard Feltol by the yard Rexfelt by the yard
which is thin
N
Wilson’s Garage
% L
ESTABLISHED 1883

Tt)e Same Reliable Service
È
O ? i
i 1
COACH
INVALID
iOldevs who notice an ab-1 browning of leaves can usu-the blame to lack of mois-pving drying winds, ng condition was particu-evere in the East in the spring most harmful to trees root systems, such as ma pit s and beeches.
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
f f
4 must
ïîü i
G-20. HYNES & SON
y lay
or cri*lv
ire
This d
r\
Ford Service
R
Ir
DIRECTORS CF FUNERAL SERVICE
fc^Shawvills Oue.
I u
iL»
#
It
f 1041
E
lcd Cas & 3:lj
Shell S
cai

H
I

Phone 80
J. P Wilson
nal Trade Again in
Eastern Mediterranean


S-CE7.^i •
4 M
E

Main street
Shnwvillc Quebec
v
^^gaxrarraEXtamxtmmaamxgxtustramxxn
The lifting of the ban against
g between the cities Istanbul, Izmir, and Alexandretta j licatcs the return of at least some j \*
rmal trade in the east Mediter- /,	~
The Hodgins Lumber Co-
> coasts of Turkey, linking the 'Z	V

\\VWxV%\Vx\Vx\\VxN\\V^V'V
rt
I 4 m



Pimm* 40
nf
;
PUBLIC NOTICE
l
PUBLIC NOTICE
i
—O- •
T he
Province of Quebec School Municipality of Clarendon
‘Dixie’ Origins
The name source of “Dixie” is
B obscure but three origins have been m«ck sea with the far northeast Public Noth is hereby	mi suggested: One, that it was a cor-	¦¦ IMMHI
proprietors of real estate and resident ruption of Dixon in the Mason and
llOtlHl 1
the Coll
Province of Quebec Municipality of Clarendon
PUBLIC NOTICE
PUBLIC NOTICE
«
/
1 z
corner of the Mediterranean.!
From Istanbul (formerly Constan- |% ¦pic) to Izmir (old Smyrna) is a Eng distance of roughly 325 miles. ^ c rest of the journey, along the y Inountainous, indented southern >'
,	,	. .	shore of Turkey, passing north of >,
a large number of slaves on Man- 13rilish.held Cyprus island, involves K hattan island before the abolition Ame 800 additional miles, of slavery in New York These j Istanbul and Izmir are the two slaves, in later years, looking back ,eadlng ports of Turkey, with a 19400 at their happy times at Dune s made lation o{ gome 789,000 and 184,- ‘f the name synonymous with Utopia. ^ respectively. Although small Al-The flaw in this suggestion is that exandreUa (Turkish Iskcnderon; has % ,f true Dixie would be associated Qn, about 14|000 inhabitants, it is /, originally with the North while the ^ chief outIet of long disputed Jr
BS1 BUS
tire South.	shippin8-
io all
Public Notice is hereby given proprietors and resident householders "I this .Xhiiiicipality, that Hie Collection l;,,ll of Municipal Taxe», as established by the Municipal Council of Clarendon been made aid completed, and that it now is and wiil remain in my posses »ioh for inspection by parties interested, during thirty days fr««m notice, during which time it may be amended. Any ratepayer may during this time complain of such roll which will be taken into consideration and homologated with or without amendment, but such delay expired, it shall come into force and every person interested, after having taken cognizance thereof, if he so desire, shall pay the amount of bis taxe* to the undersigned, at his office, within the twenty day» following the said delay of thirty days, without further notice.
Given at Shawville, Que., this Bin
day of August, 194i
1

1er* oft Ida Municipality, tint Dixon line, the popular name for ut:<m Roll of School Fax^a. hs division between the North and i w"';' tabiiahed hy the School C« •mmissimi- yie South. Another, that it referred vrs. of this Mnnicipklity. has been iruvto to a generous and kindly planter and completed, and that it now is and named Dixie or Dixey, who ownqd
tiou by parlies interested, dur'ng thirty days from this notice, during which time it may be amended. Any ratepayer may, during the said delay, complain of such roll, which will be taken into, consideration and homologated with or without amendment, hut such delay expired, it shall come into force and every person interested, after having taken cognisance thereof, if he so desire, shall pay the amount of his taxes to the undersigned, at his office, within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days, without further notice.
Given at Shawville, Que., this 8th a., ,f August, ,»«. a deis _
Secretary Treasurer,
School Municipality of Clarendon
OK
; »
\k
>

i;

We carry a large stock of
Roll Roofing Cement Gyproc
Rock Wool Insulation
<
/
/
<




/
i
/
J. A. Ddax
Secretary-Treasurer
Municipality of Clarendon
/






- — -


###PAGE###6###
%
comedy will be real comedy to bring the necessary laugh# and amilee to one and all; staff# of stations are being depleted—many of the ranks of the stars are lo* ing men and women with almost, alarming rapidity; thus, the season will be a 'tough' one, for those who do the broadcasting, put on the programs, and it that the well-oiled wheels of the nation's greatest entertainment media keep moving steadily. The problems of your local station are much the same as those of the national broadcasters, and when you listen in this fall, you will do well to realise that in every in. stance, one man or one woman is probably doing the work two or three did in season's past
courageHHBHHHHpi
appreciably to the new radio sea son!
at his God and pledging himself to Goda service.
Ten is the whole: a tenth la a share of the whole. The Lord receives one share am an acknowledgment of his sovereign right to all. Here It Is represented aa the full share of the king who dwells with his adbjecta. Thwa Jacob opens his heart, his home and hi» treasure to God. These are the simple elements of the true religion. The spirit of power .and of love, and of a sound mind, his begun to reign lu Jacob.
MAPPING ALLIED PACIFIC OFFENSIVE
RADIO DEPORTER
A
DIALING WITH DAVE:
Q«/ic
0
CeQq

i
2



to
m
x
%-


!
>•
<?
¥
/
a
5



A
F
i

Coral Sea
v.
MftftIDft
\

Churchill Preparing Account Of War
NEW
1
SM
:¦ ' W
«
I
*
ï
I
\
,v
!

En-
their effort and listen
I
S3
Premier Churchill is reported to be preparing him own account of the war, to be published when victory is won. His method is to employ a staff of students to look up facts and figures and then, on the basis of notes supplied by research workers, he dictates at an astounding speed.
The Premier’s work is set into type with extra wide margins which give him space in which to build his lucid expositions, sheet is scored with numerous corrections in Mr bold, legible handwriting to a wait the day when publication will become diplomatically possible . . .
Mr. Churchill, incidentally stirred many memories when he referred in the House of Commons to war correspondents in Libya. He once was a war correspondent himself, sending dispatches on the Boer War to the Morning Post.
During that campaign, Mr. Churchill was taken prisoner and despite his demands for release as a war correspondent was sent to an improvised concentration ¦¦¦ It held him for three

NEW
AUSTRALIA
CALEDONIA

\
*
r\^k
t a!,4 k

?
n
»
\
s
v.....
For » singing treat, not in the Hit Parade, listen to John Charles Thomas, famous American baritone, doing his recorded version of the old Spiritual “Journey's End r
1
mm®
w. • Si  ..¦—»«—fc
f
*.
i

i
h?:*
just for the record is the news that Bergen, McCarthy, Noble and Ameche will be on deck again— Sunday nights 8.00 o’clock, on September 6th!
Perhaps Kathleen Stokes is telling the boys the last bed-time story of the current holiday sea-At any rate, their return to the Canadian air-lanes Is less than two weeks away—in fact, on Tuesday, September 1st, they all return at the usual time, 1.16 p.m. to bring to us one and all, that inimitable brand of fun and happiness that’s made “The Happy Gang” Canada's outstanding day-time radio program! CKOC in Hamilton will again be with the CBC Network in broadcasting their daily thirty-minute round of fun and merriment!
South Pacific
m

©
I

Each
son
The Unexpected
Seizing the offensive from the Japs, the United Nation* have launched an attack of their own in the area mapped above, horcea of the United States Pacific Fleet, assisted by units ef the Souhwcet Pacific attacked in the Tulagi area of the Solomon Islands (1). At the same time. Allied air units under Gen. MacArthur's command attacked Jap bases in New Guinea at Selamaua and Ue (2) and Buna-Kokoda (3) and at Rabaul (4) in New Britain.
Churchill's

Several years ago, says the Christian Science Monitor, two prosperous New York businessmen were taking in the sights of London. As sometimes happened with that type of visitor, they found much to criticise by comparison with things they had seen in America.
Their disdain reached its height before the plain, unpretentious exterior of the Prime Minister's residence on Downing street.
“What s home for a Prims Minister?" one of them exclaimed.
“Yes, and look at that car?" said the other.
In front of the residence stood a small runabout.
“Why, in New York, a grocery clerk would be ashamed of own ing nothing better," the other ad de d.
Just then a well-dressed man came out, got in the car and drove
“Who was that?" the visitors asked a near-by policeman.
Mr. A. B. 'Oughton, the Hamer-lean Hambassador, sir," replied the bobby.
Last spring a new Canadian show took the sir-lanes; it was called “Penny’s Diary," and outlined in hilarious dramatic fun, the escapades and adventures of young teen-age Penny Matthews and her friends. Typically youthful, brimful of the fun and pranks of the typical teen-age, Penny’s Diary caught on with its Thursday night Canadian audi-The show returns among

'
face at the holy shrine; but He Is surely with us In the den of wickedness. Not alone In the sanctuary, but where the multitudes gather In defiance of His law; He la there. This la the truth to which Jacob awoke.
18. "And Jacob rose up early in the morning, and took the atone that he had put under his head, and set It up for a pillar, and poured oil upon the top of It. 19. And he called the name of that place Bethel: but the name of the city was Lui at the first. 20. And Jacob vowed a vow. saying. If God will be with me, and will keep me In this way that 1 go, and will give me bread to eat, and raiment to put on, 21. so that I come again to my father's house in peace, and Jehovah will be my God, 22. then this stone, which I have set for a pillar, shall be God's house: and of all that thou ahalt give me I will surely give the tenth unto thee.” Jacob’s response to this Divine revelation shows that, in spite of everything, he had that In his soul which reached out towards the Divine will, however unworthy and wrong were the methods that he used. It Is a great thing that Jacob real-hls need of God and that he makes this resolution, under whatever condition, acknowledging God
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
ence.
the first of the new September season, on September 4th. That’s a FRIDAY night instead of the remembered Thursday night show. But the time is the same
and the show has been
The knot-hole kid, Charlie McCarthy, and his stooge, Edgar Bergen, made $282,000.00 last year. This is more money than their broadcast time employers paid their three top ranking executives in the same period. The President of the Company drew only $76,000.00 it’s dumb to be a dummy? And
LESSON 34
JACOB’S VISION OF GOO.— Genesis 27, 28.
PRINTED TEXT, Genesis 28:
10-22.
GOLDEN TEXT.—I am thee, and will keep thee whither-thou goest. Genesis 28:15. THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—This event can be dated somewhere near 1780 B.C.
The beginning of our is laid In Beer-sheba, In
camp.
weeks before he passed boldly within five yards of a sentry at the gates and walked into Pretoria.
8.30
p.m.
somewhat revamped to give even play to its many fun posai-
with
more bilities.
so who says,
soever
Varsity Students To Get Financial Aid
As radio goes into its greatest fall and winter, it steps out amidst grave events, demanding grave consideration and an even higher sense of duty than at any time in the past. News will be handled even more carefully ggjNM programs punch of brutal reality to them—
SCOUTING .
Place.
story
southern Palestine, but the dream of Jacob takes place at Bethel, twelve miles north of Jerusalem.
Jacob's Flight
10. “And Jacob went out from Beer-sheba, and went toward Har-sn. 11. And he lighted upon a certain place, and tarried there all night, because the sun set: and he took one of the stones of the place, and put it under his head, and lay down In that place to sleep.” Meditating much and praying much, Jacob had on this journey drawn near to God. and Is at last accepted. The Interest in Jacob's life lies in the gradual improvement and progress of hie character.
off.
Arrangements have been completed between the University of Toronto and the Dominion Government providing for loans, up to a maximum of $300 a year, for any one student registered in the second, third and fourth years in the departments of civil, mechanical, electrical and metallurgical engineering, in engineering physics, and in the arts departments of mathematics, physic* and chemistry, it has been announced. The students must make their services available to Canada’s war effort upon graduation.
Fifty Boy Scouts of the 1st and 2nd Woodstock, N.B. Scout Troops made what probably Is a salvage record. In an all-day salvage drive, lasting from 8 a m. till midnight they filled a warehouse with used material of all kinds to the value of |600. The first $100 received was presented to the Red Cross. The Scouts launched the campaign when adults failed to move, and are now handling &t as the official salvage organisation.
gmmpatriotic
will have more of the
EXPERIENCED ACTRESS
1} Indian.
12 Plant pert 14 Small 16 She
acting abiltty-18 Doctor (abhr.) 20 Her brothers
Answer to Proviens Pusale
HORIZONTAL
1,6 Pictured American actress.
13 Radio antenna.
15	To this.
16	Persia.
17	Mineral filled fissures.
mm
l

"1 have several Boy Scouts In my Home Guard platoon, and I find that they have come In already half trained, due to their having been Scouts.”—lx>rd Hampton.

i
ABRAHAM
By William Ferguson

THIS CURIOUS WORLD
are also stag#
Basie ayii
___g urn sotsq
m,—gibe hspd's
Hruehs
isiigmaa b§@® eng
[saraassna ¦ lEjmny ,s

in
Jacob’s Dream

24 Thick.
26	Quantity-
27	To be indebted.
28	Knave ef club*.
29	Writers.
30	Kind of lettuce!
' »¦',-*»" - B container. 39 To mock.
3 High tempera- 41 Exploit
42	Tissue.
43	To box.
45	Bard.
46	Senior (abbr.)j
47	Bull.
48	Kind of pier.
49	Ought 54 Road (abbr.)j
12. ' And he dreamed; aud, behold. a ladder set up on the earth, and the top of It reached to heaven:	and, behold, the angels of
God ascending and descending on it. 13. And, behold, Jehovah it above it. and said, I am Jehovah, the God of Abraham thy father, and the God of Isaac: the land whereon thou liest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed; 14. and thy seed shall be as the dust of the earth, and thou shall spread aibroad to the west, and to the east, and to the north, and to the south: and in thee and in thy seed shall all the families of the earth be blessed. 15. And, behold, I am with thee, and will keep thee whithersoever thou goeet. and will bring thee again into this land; for I will not leave thee, until I have done that which I have spoken to thee of.”
In his sleep Jacob sees a ladder, or staircase, rising from the ground at his aide, and reaching up to heaven. It tells him that heaven and earth are united, and that there is a way from one to the other. Upon these stairs 'mess-of Elohira are ascending
carrying up to
19 The weft.
21	Fishing bags.
22	Gem weight.
23	Caterpillar
Following one of the Germas air attacks upon Bath, England, a Scoutmaster noticed a woman endeavouring to o-pen the door of a still standing Boy Scout Headquarters. To his question she explained that her son, a former Scout of the Troop, had been lost at sea. and that his photograph hung in an honoured place on the troop room wall. “I go in to look at Bob whenever I pass,” she said.
t
BURGLAR.
OANNOTBUV A
wj#/wv\v"
hair.

4

24	Period.
25	One who runs 50 Profound.
51 Blunder.
30 Pigeon’s cry. 52 Burden.
32	Mountain ash. 53 Pertaining to
33	Dutch (abbr.). wings.
»§sr=|£; igr
37	Kind of snow- 57 She recently 5 To puff up
shoe.	celebrated 40	7 Genus	of
38	All.	.years of
40 Newts.	58 She has a
44 Ship’s decks.	distinctive
47 Gentle.	 voice.
V
VERTICAL
1M
away.
•N A
HAROWARC
A PRyiNS
#
Twelve tons of salvage rubber were collected and shipped by the Boy Scouts of South Porcupine.
BECOME A "JIM/W* UNTIL
CARRIED FOR
ostrich.
8	To slumber.
9	Year (abbr.). 56 Measure of 10 Cries as a cat.
#
Uts/LAWrUL-
An international Boy Scout camp held this summer at Youlbury, near Oxford, England, was attended by Scouts of ten different countries, most of them under the Nazi heel.
area.
8
10 11
3
r 2
COLLECTION OF
1*585
SUPERSTITIONS
WAS /MADE FROM
9
14
15
3
Rev. Christopher (“Kit”) Tanner, who saved the lives of 30 men by swimming backwards and forwards between a sinking cruiser and a rescue ship off Crete, then died from exhaustion, was a Rover Scout of the 3rd Gloucestershire Boy Scout Group. He was posthumously awarded the Scout Bronze Croes
IV
18

THE BELIEFS OF
2
Z
CWj
2
IN LOUISIANA.
engera
and descending.
Cod men’s prayers, and the tale of their wants and sorrows, of their faith and hope and trust; and bringing down to them help and comfort and blessing. At the head of the ladder Jehovah himself stands. The word is that used in chap. 24:13, and signifies that the Deity was not there accidentally, but that He holds there His permanent station. Finally, Jehovah from His heavenly past confirms to Jacob all the prom-made from the time when
26 27


3
32
#
An outstanding example of Boy Scout salvage work was offered by the Scouts of Warner, Alta., with the help of members of the Group Committee. They gathered 36 tons of metal and two carloads of mixed salvage, for which $497.44 was received. Of the amount $225 was sent to the Lethbridge Kinsmen’s Club for its Milk for Britain Fund, and $180 to the Y M C A. Overseas Service.

op.
%
36 3?
•TUSKS OF AM
44
46
7 46
45
4i

6ROW FROM THE UPPSH
OR. LOWS*JA'WŸ (*•*•
ANSWER: Upper. They are elongated and specialized upper Incisor teeth, growing downward from a point In front of the eye-socket*
V
5i
62
5
54
53
58
57
ises
Abraham left Ur of the Chaldees, and aseures him of His constant presence and protection.
NEXT* What Is the most Important deck to mankind?
Jacob’s Awakening
“And Jacob awaked out of his sleep, and he said, Surely Jehovah is in this place; and I knew 17. And he was afraid, and
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Pop Misses the Point
I sup P’05 B ÏF I~ WERE--TO DIE YOU'D MARRY AGAIN IMMEDIATELY/
16.
A
I'D TAKE A LITTLE REST FIRST
I
t:
i
OH, MO
it not
maid, How dreadful Is thto place! this is none other than the house of God. and this Is the gate of heaven.” Jacob did not say God came to me in the night, God has visited me, God was here yesternight and now has gone. He did not awake to the consciousness of a visit; He awoke to the consciousness of a presence thing that he found out that night not that God visits man, but that God is with man wherever he is. We expect to meet Him in the sanctuary; but He is near us in the marketplace. We look for
the gleaming of the glory cf HW
<


?

%
# e

y
The
f
\
)
was
f\ *

12-IA
*#**##4 |> The
|gf )

###PAGE###7###
putted toward ft dock, and appar- | Canada To H&V0 ently the Eurasian noted his alertness. A curt order from him In Japaneâe and one of the men produced a dirty yellow cloth which he wrapped about the prisoner's head, blindfolding him effectively.
lie could not make much of his surroundings as he was guida® ashore and led Inland. There seemed to be a concrete path under his feet. The sound of many chattering voices Indicated quite a crowd had turned out to Inspect him. Flattering, but unsatisfactory; a little while before he had been wishing he knew soils; now he was regretting his education had stopped short of the Japanese language.
Presently the party halted. Allan heard a door unlocked and opened. They passed through and the door was shut behind with a rattle of bars and a metallic clang that suggested Iron. A short walk counted 10 paces—then down a flight of 10 stone steps. Another door, complete with sound effects of bars and metal. Another stairway, again leading down, and another stone-flagged passage. He was reminded unhappily of a movie he had once seen in which a man taken down into the bowels of the earth and left to rot In a medieval dungeon.
Another door, and when this unbarred and swung open, he
1
HELP CANADA KEEP FIT
Parachute Troops
h
Sup*em* in
Oh MUMMY, THAfS
THE D/SH FORME!"
Canada’s first paratroops will take their training at Port Henning, Ga, until training facilities have been established in the Dominion, it was learned last week.
Defence Minister Ralston told the House of Commons that a battalion of paratroops had been authorized and that instructors leaving for the United States to get “immediate instruction” on paratroop training there.
It was the Fort Henning camp to which he referred, spokesmen said. They expressed belief a considerable body of troops would go there in the immediate future.
The training of paratroops takes a considerable establish-
iiriiE]r*t.lllllllllllllllll|lllllll|ll||lll|||llllllllllllllll!|lll!|||llllll!||||||||ll
•We and intricate part of the setup is the high jumping tower where men make their first descents—machine-controlled to prevent accidents while they are learning the ropes.
New Nazi Plane
Down In Britain

FF


A
were


s*


W



No Coupons Needed
for Postum
«



Like Mille girls snd sunny smiles, fresh peaches end Nabisco Shredded Wheel just naturally go together! It's s luscious morning treat and to me thing more besides. For Nabisco Shredded Wheat is made from 100% whole wheat, including the bran, minerals, and wheat germ so helpful to girls and boys. TMi CANADIAN SHSEDOED WHIAT COMPANY, ITD.

One of the most expen-
e Ton don’t need ration coupons to buy Postum. This grand mealtime beverage with its delicious robust flavor offers you a splendid
tea and
NABISCO
SHREDDED WHEAT
H
was
I
The secrets of Germany’s new Pocke-Wulf 190 fighter plane, thus far Adolf Hitler’s biggest air threat, have been revealed as a result of the forced landing of of the planes in Britain, it announced last week.
The Focke-Wulf came down on British soil recently ii» good condition and British engineers and other officials began an immediate examination to learn the secrete of its construction.
POSTUM
way to conserve coffee. It’s instantly made in
»
was
sensed a change In the light even through his bandage. He felt he In a room, brilliantly Illuminated even If 30 feet underground.
A voice spoke In Japanese. The cloth was whipped from his eyes. He was In a comfortably furnished rOom. equipped like any mod-office and lighted by electricity from an overhead fixtures The company, he reflected, must have Its own dynamos. He was noticing such details—noticing everything and storing It In his memory against a time such data might he useful. He was down but not yet out; his mind was active and fighting even If hte body was help-
i

the cup — VEIT ECONOMICAL.
“7Tuu'é a He*à*n
Curb Placed On Aids To Beauty
TABLE TALKS
one
#
4 ox. til# mokes 50 cups • os. size mokes 100 cups
SADIE B. CHAMBERS
&*'"*# *****
9ThJtU 100 Gif*
vm
War-Time Price* and Trade Board Cuts Out Frills
More Requests
ksm
At this time of the year when everyone is trying to conserve
A GIRL LUCES TO LOOK |
Here are some requests which were left over from last week.
Oven Canned Beets
For each quart use 10 or 12 whole young beets (small), 1 tec spoon salt and boiling water. Wash the beets thoroughly. Put in a pan of boiling water and boil
Dip in cold
Feminine glamor and a tightening war economy squared off for the Inevitable showdown last week.
Risking the fury of a “woman scorned," the Wartime Prices and Trade Board decreed heartlessly
that:
Nail polish shades will be reduced from as many ae 23 to six.
Lad lee will have to get along on four instead of 16 lipstick shades,
Including refills.
Rouges and face powders will come In only four shades.
Perfumes, colognes, toilet waters, talcum powders and bath dusting powders will be limited to four odors—brands If you think that’s more genteel — per manufacturer.
Hand and face lotions, hair dressings, oils and tonics will be restricted to three types.
And that’s not all. The new order also prohibits manufactur-from distributing miniature or sample sizes or replacing new cosmetics on the market without permission.
There's one consolation for Flapper Fanny and Dowager Dora— effort will be made to standardize varieties. For Instance, the Board says, 10 producers of face powders could sell a total of 40 different shades between them if each were restricted to four.
Bu cutting down on the frills, the Board hopes to help keep the price celling in place. These new sacrifices, it predicts, will pare costs, inventories and waste, reduce demand for fancy glass bottles and lower consumption of metal for containers.
# SERIAL STORY
PRETTY
MEXICAN MASQUERADE
BY CECIL CARNES
«
face diverted his aim. He sprawled, hie arm» still groping blindly
for their objective.
• * •
By now the Eurasian was on hie feet again, but standing prudently to one skle. Hie hideous face even more repulsive from hate, he snapped orders in words that crackled. As If prodded by imaginary elephant gods, the temporarily disabled Jape sprang erect and tore in again like men possessed of fiends; they descended upon Allan with the Impact of six living battering rams.
He fought them tooth and nail, also with elbows and knees and fists and feet. The knot of struggling men swayed this way and that, spinning around in a series of crasy circles. No sound came from the straining bodies except Allan’s gasping breath and an occasional grunt, with a Japanese accent, as one of his desperate lunges connected with some vital spot In an enemy’s anatomy.
His aim was to break loose for Just the one Instant he needed to get out his automatic. He could not do it. He was fighting a 12armed human octopus, and every time he broke the clinging grip of a single tentacle, two others
replaced It.
By sheer weight and brute force, he rushed the sextet through the clu-mp of pines and to the edge of the steep declivity. A moment the twisting group , teetered • on the brink; another saw them over It and pinwheeling down the sharp incline In a choking cloud of dust and rubble. Allan fared best of them all; In the center of the revolving mass, his protective covering of enemy bodies shielded his from thorn and cactus.
In the end, it was the Peninsula itself that beat him. At the toot of the hill something akin to a display of fireworks dazzled his brain; but before he could really appreciate the rockets, shooting stars and Roman candles, a tain of blackness fell on the show.
Quite simply, hia head had hit a rock with a force that nearly split them both . . .
/	SENTENCED!
I	CHAPTER X
Ho	sidewinder ever	struck fast*,	Allan Steele.	He pivoted
M	Me	own length on	the ground
_	to his feet In	the same
drift movement His forward leap ___	upward thrust	of his powerful left arm knocked aside the Barrel of the menacing rifle. It exploded harmlessly. He swung a Bay maker with his right which would have torn the East Indian’s head from hie shoulders If It had
less.
He was standing in front of a flat-top mahogany desk, the Eura elan on one side of him, a guard on the other. The rest of the capture-party, he supposed, must have dropped out somewhere en route. Two middle-aged Japanese were seated In chairs behind the desk, of them In a well-cut uniform. It was he who came briskly to the matter In hand, speaking good Spanish In a high-pitched voice.
"You are Sen or Allan Steele? American? Here to photograph the Peninsula for a magazine?" Allan Inclined his head to each query, though they were more statements of fact than questions. "I am Colonel Watanabe, of the Japanese Army. This Is my colleague, Dr. Ishizuka. of the Tokyo Academy of Science.”
Allan bowed. The pair rose as one man and bowed back.
"I regret, Senor Steele,” went on Watanabe, "that your enthusiasm for photography should have led you to a hilltop from which you observing our little settle-
for 15 minutes, water to make beets easier to handle. Remove the skins. Leave whole or sliced and pack into hot sterilized jars on which sterilized new rubbers have been adjusted. Add salt and boiling water to fill the jar within % inch of top. Screw tightly; then turn one turn to left to allow for expansion. Place in oven at 276CF. for 2 Vi At the end of this period
one
I
the mark.
hours.
remove jars from the oven and complete the seal. Invert, cool as rapidly as possible to preserve
Store in a cool, dry
Probably the fellow was unprepared for any resistance at all let alone a counter-attack so dynamic. Perhaps hie orders were not to shoot unless necessary. He gave ground almost automatically, and gave It barely in time to escape the looping fist which bussed by Bla noee. He «touted something la Japanese, then went spinning into a patch of cactus as Allan's left reached his jaw In an upper-eat full of authority.
ere
the color.
place.
Oven Canned Carrots
•III!
For each quart use 1 lb. carrots, 1 teaspoon salt and 1 Vt cups boiling water. Wash young and tender carrots or scrape if desired. Carrots may be cut lengthwise, quartered, sliced or packed whole. Place in pan and boil for
Pack the carrots
no
Z
4
If the Japanese words were a command to close to, hie six yellow henchmen had not waited for It They rushed forward at Allan’s ttret movement. One of them tripped over the Eurasian’s rifle, another was knocked sprawling by the Eurasian himself In flight, a third folded up with a grunt and went to earth as Allan’s knee drove hie stomach against his aptoe and plastered it there.
But still there were three of the formidable Orientals left. They bored in, grim, silent, purposeful. Two leaped for Allan’s arms, caught them and clung like leach-Tbe last man dove headlong to grasp his knees tn a football tackle, but a well-aimed kick In the
were
ment through a pair of field glasses." The offending glasses were the desk before him, together with Allan’s automatic. "T further regret, senor, that you thereby intruded on a privacy we deem essential to our safety." Watanabe paused as If to give emphasis to his next words. "The penalty for your transgression, death."
5 minutes, loosely in hot sterilized jars on which new sterilized rubbers have
been adjusted, boiling water to within % inch
Place in oven at 275°F.
Remove from complete the seal and inCool rapidly and
Ei
Add salt and
on
of top. for 2 V* hours.
3546
oven,
vert the jars, store in a dry cool place.
- #2
In a Fresh Cotton Frock
senor.
Phonograph Records
Plum Conserve
By Louise Lennox
Just a suggestion of long-waistedness and a clever use of ric-rac braid, accentuate the nice lines of this button-down-the-back frock for a girl.
Style No. 3546 is designed for sizes 4, 6, 8, 10 and 12. Size 8 requires 2 yards 35-inch fabric with % yard contrasting and % yard braid.
Send twenty cents for pattern to Room 421, 73 Adelaide St. West
(Continued Next Week)
Thousands of popular dance selections to choose from. Also Automatic Phonographs available for Rent
Write for particulars.
cups chopped plums \ cup seedless raisins % cup chopped orange
Vi cup water 7% cups granulated sugar xk cup chopped nuts Vi cup liquid pectin . Prepare plums; pit, chop and
Meas-
3
Germane Reveal
Clothing Shortage
Vigneux Bros.
Automatic Phonographs
990 BAY ST., TORONTO
Some indication of the acute clothing shortage in Germany is reflected in the report that the Nazi Youth Leader, Arthur Ax-man, has issued an appeal urging the people to go barefoot in the
summer	m
tiles for the troops, the BBC stated recently.
own
pack into measuring cup.
all fruit and water into large kettle; stir until it comes to a Cover and simmer slowly
Add sugar and Bring to full boil un-
ure
A FAMOUS BRAND
boil.
for 16 minutes, mix well, covered, stirring constantly. Boil hard 1 minute. Remove from heat and stir in pectin. Skim and pour at once. Cover, with paraffin wax when cool.
THE RAILWAY AND THE WAR
, Toronto. Write your address and style number. Be sure to state size you wish.
to save leather and tex-
cur-
name
Jqaen’s
FINE CUT
Thurstan Topham’s series of twelve drawings illustrating the part played by the National Railway in Canada’s War Effort will be published in booklet foçm.
PRICE- TEN CENTS
Proceeds to Canadian National Railways Employees War Services Association to provide comforts for members of the Fighting Services.
To secure a co Cents in stamps to seneer Agent, Canadian National Railways, General Office Building, Moncton, N.B.
GOOD EATING NEWS
of homemade marmalade. Here s the recipe.
Orange All-Bran Muff•«•¦¦¦¦¦¦I
% cup milk 1 cup flour % teaspoon salt 2% teaspoons baking powder
2 tablespoons grated orange rind Cream shortening and sugar thoroughly; add egg and beat well.
£,r Pis\r AMn-rSir
about 30 minutes.
Yield: 12 muffins (2^4 inches in diameter)
** 1,Note:1 wlierTImur milk or buttermilk is used instead of sweet milk, reduce baking powder to one teaspoon and add % teaspoon
Store in dry, dark,
He was stunned only momentarily, but that was enough for the pack of wolves who had pulled him down. He opened his eyes to find himself helpless, his arms lashed behind him at wrist and elbow. Two Japanese, breathing heavily, were sitting like leaden t weights on each of hte legs. The j Eurasian stood above him, staring down vindictively.
"So you’ve come back to life," he commented, and drove a bbot-ed toe deep Into Allan’s side. "Believe me, It will be a pleasure to watch you go out of It again— presently!"
He added something to hie men. The four who were holding Allan to the ground got up, raising him with them. He caught his balance uncertainly, still dUsy from the crack on his head, but he was able to control his limbs when hie captors marched him around the base of the hill and down to the shore. They passed several squads of workmen, all Japanese, who merely stared at the party incuriously and went on about their business.
There seemed to be a whole fleet of small launches in the company’s service. Allan and his seven keepers tumbled Into one and headed for the largest island. He kept hie eyes open as they putt-
cool place.
¦¦I
Hie* Chamber*	P«*
letter* from l»terc*ted reader*. 8fce I* *le*eed to reeel ve «user ml *» topic* for her eel»»». ¦»*
V» ready to Ilote» to yeer upel pee vee." Ileeueet* far reel pea or
"mrn *.7.7» CM.-
7.1 West Adelaide Street. To-
2 tablespoons shortening % cup sugar 1 egg
1 cup All-Bran
»
I
c
py send Ten District Pas-

envelope If yee with a rerlr
More than 130,000 of the Londoners bombed out of their homes during the heavy raids are comfortably settled in new homes.

M2*
now
8 large muffins
or


Operated by Pet
HAY FEVER SINUS
SUFFERERS
*
ANNOUNCEMENT
Even those old standbys—doughnuts, waffles, gingerbread and such—are improved by a new trick now and then. With gmgfrbrea the idea is to add bran to the batter. The taste results are superb.
, twice
eh there la a* C.M.E. ihjj
Alta
at whlefc yee eee
the, *»r Recelystea F reef! 11 available, aed
and Canadian Calf Roping
Championship» at th. Calgary
Stampede, the Burton Ranch In Southern Alberta waa artab-tiehedin 1890 by F. A Burton.
•¦AND OF I HI
BURTON RANCH
IIVVTANT amd BFFFX TIYR RRMKf!
All Bra» Gingerbread
/	> Sash. w~
mmi®ft§
te
THROUGH YOUR LOCAL STORE O. G. EXTRACT
KOALA EH U LSI FI ED EUCALYPTUS KOALA RLH < Leeell
Beeelyptee)
C. G. EMMAIHED EUCALYPTUS
If any dlffleelty I» #htel»l
write we dlreet.
7/1

<y
i
Fie
AUSTRALIAN EUCALYPTUS
LIMITED
Stm Tarante. tied.
25<
ISSUE 34—’42
<
i

B
mm

###PAGE###8###

Memorial Service Well Attended

Wm. D. Weir, Native of Weiratead, Dies at Rouiogtoa, Alberta
( From the Barrhead Leader )
The funeral of W. D. Weir, of Rosing ton, who passed away on Saturday, June 20th after a lingering illness ot over three years, took place Wednesday at Hazel Bluff. Deceased was a highly respected old timer and prosperous mer, having settled in this district in 1907. The funeral was largely attended.
He leaves to mourn his Ions his wife and three children, also three brothers, Sam, of Rossingtuu ; Robert, of Ed*
I mon ton and Alex, ot Linaria.
Th«- vice was	¦¦I
Rev. Alcock, of the Pentecostal Church, Edmonton and Mix. Aleak sang appropriate solos. The pall-bearers were. R. Ralph, E. Tennant, A Watt, Hugh Allen, J. Fountain and Jarvis Clems on.
William David Weir was born at W’eirstead, Bristol, in 1888, a son of the late Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Weir.

Tbe annual memorial service w:ts held at the Village Cemetery on Sunday afternoon, with a large
crowd attending.
Rev. K C Bolton, of St. Paul s
church and Bey. A. F. Pokes, ot the United Church, presided, and the guest speaker was the Rev. Loi s Carlson, of Porcupine, Ont who is
this district.	_	_	„__,
Five boys, members of the Boy * Band, now disbanded, provided the accompaniment for the sing ing of three well-known hymns. The plate collection realized #4412 for the renovation fund, and a number of substantial sub~ciip lions were received by the Treas
* I.NjjNjNMjN
Many of the plots ed with baskets of cut tl >wers and
potted plants.
!



$
%



1/


i
far



• »

spending a vacation in

Ad
$
wm
conducted by the

\

B
Ms#




\

décorât





1


v

Mrs. Fred Way Dies After Month’s Illness

1

BRISTOL NOTES
X
X


k

il
\
Fred Ladies Auxiliary of St. Edward’s Parish
The regular monthly meeting of the Ladies Auxiliary was held at the hom* of Mrs. Wm. Murphy, on Wednesday
August 12th. Fourteen
i
On Sunday evening Giroux, widow of the late Way. formerly of Campbell1* Bay. died at the home of her son in law, Mr. Archibald Storey, after an illness of about a month in her 60th




i

\
\

afternoon, J
members and ten visitors were present The meeting was opened with prayer led Vy the pastor, Rev. J. L. Enright
The Secretary gwe a report on the previous meeting, spent cutting out s altar boys and these were taken home by the ladies to complete. The usual drawing was held, Mrs. Frank McKee being the holder of the lucky ticket During the afternoon, Miss Beatrice
bride-elect was prettied bed throw and
Ns
3#
y t* ft le
She was born at Otter Lake, the daughter of the late Peter Giroux and his wife, now Mis, Francis Pelletier, ot UcbaK She was mar ned in 1892. and she and her lots band moved to Huddersfield Township, Que., where they fanned until twelve years a go, when they went to Campbell’s Bay Her husband died there about three years ago. and last year she va me to Shaw ville to make her home with her daughter.
She is survived by her mother, who is over 90 years of age, lesid-ing at Cobalt; four sons Columbia, of the Canadian Forestry Corps Overseas; Harry, of Otter Lake; Hubert and Wilfred, of Shaw ville,
two daughters, Mr*.
Storey, of Shaw ville and Carl Ebert, of Campbells four brothers, Fied and David
f Cobalt, Jame*, of Dan-

a
\





\

The afterno in whs )Utannes* for the


i
\
i
.
#1


\

Martin, a with ;x wi o'- w accompanying address read by Miss Inez
HannyUury.
A dainty luncheon was served by the hostesses. Mias Ellen Murphy, Mrs. W. J. Trudeau und Mrs. Fa bain Trudeau |
assisting.
The evening was spent playing bingo, prizes being w.m by Mrs. Jos. Manary, Miss Marie Sicard, Mrs, Frank McKee, Mrs. Thos Martin and Mrs. B. Hanna-


V
an
!
MS



You can now buy War Savings Certificates... an investment guaranteed by the Dominion of Canada at all Pest Offices, Banks, Trust Companies
a
Archibald Mrs. Bay.

'





Giroux.
fold Like, and Ephraim, of Ottawa; four -istet’s Sirs. Orval Clem* berry, ent, of Buckingham. Que.; Mrs.	.	.	.
William Fai veil, of Kiikiand Lake; dean inv.tvil the lad.*
Mrs. Ed Herini«ton, of North for the September meetirg.
Emm.,ion Roy Honoured
ren and 7 great grand children	A reception was Wd at the home of
The tune nil \va» held on We i Mr, and Mts. Harry Roy, on Wednesday nesday afternoon from the home evening, Aug ist lUth, in honour of the ot Archibald Storey, Shaw ville, to marriage « f their son. Kmmers» n, to theCompbell's Bay Holiness Move Miss Beatrice Martin, which took place ment Chart h, of which she was a Saturday, August 15th. member. The service wa* conclue* About one hundred guest* were ted by hvi piatnr, Rev. I. F. prt.8vnt and the evening was *pent in Bowen, assisted by Rev. C. Sell*. ,jancjng and playing card*. The music of the Shawvitle Holmes Move Wft8 supplied 1 y ImnuV . r hestra. ment t linreh. lutennent xva- ^p|,e young couple were the recipients made m Campbell * B ty ( etuetevy. Af !n my htMUltifn|* gift8 *nd g„ -d wishes
Dainty r« fre*bment* were serve I by
ssist 1 g were M re.
M in
The Mrs. F chain 'nd Raymond Tru*
-s to their h >me




e # #




\
i
$5 FOR $4 $10 FOR $8 $25 FOR $20
INTEREST AT 3% TAX F4EE REDEEMABLE REGISTERED
m
*

OC 3 W
:
».
f
/
e
I
I
#
I
the hoBte-n, those Harry It-«y, Mrs. F red Thomas,
Nettie lit 11, Mrs. Thomas and Miss Zita Martin.
Mrs. Harry L Roy has returned to her home in liourI«uu*«vie, after spending a month with her patents, Mr. and Mrs, Thomas Martin.
0
Many American Trees
Holding American Past
Many of America’s trees are unwitting repositories of the nation’s history.
mmm
One of the commonest finds of her home in U*Mwr*,l, after sjM-iu.mg metal "evidence’* in the eastern twi wnks in Turontn. the guest of Impart of the country are bullets and tLugh'er. cannon-balls which went “wild” in \|,6. Urban Ssinmon nul children, the course of early battles and bom- bive returned to their home in North bardments. Also found in trees are fîw. »fter spending a month with htr nails and spikes, bottles, knives, mother; Mrs, V. Gallagher, stones, and Indian arrowheads.	_
Experts clearing telephone and	*
telegraph lines of excess tree growth Expert Tells How to have found, not infrequently, large 1 r
glass wire insulators completely
conçealed from sight by overgrown
bark.
31
r"
/ Z1Z1Z, ZiZ/Z /\SS\S\S-	/ z z.z

CARDS OF THANKS

\ DURATION j I LEG DO
Vulcanizing
¦ wish to extend our heartfelt thanks to the many neighbours and friends for the act* of kindness, messages nf sympathy and beautiful floral tribute* received in cur recent bereavement.
The Family of late Mim. F. F, Co HUMAN
We
?
?

We have just installed two small Vulcanizers and can now repair minor breaks on your tires and large rips in tubes. Let us attend to all your tire troubles.
?
is a new sensational leg 6 tint. The peifect substi- t tute for sheer hosiery. Will not rub off or spot in the rain.
X
Food vs. Gray Hair
MMIVIHmiAdequatc food seems to have quite
Save Tractor Caroline ^	•**“
search workers. They have made black-haired rats turn gray while their brothers kept sleek black coats. The difference traces to the diet fed the animals.

\
A farm machinery expert at the Pennsylvania State college cx-And in many cases tree repair plained how large amounts of gaso-men have been the unsuspecting \[ne can be saved by the efficient discoverers of love epistles, deposit- ! operation of tractors, ed in tree cavities but unfound or one tractor operator doing the uncalled for through the years. 'same work as another can use one-If the metal of all kinds concealed third more gasoline unless certain in the nation's trees were brought operation rules are followed, ac to light, another Normandie or cording to A. W. Clyde, professor of Queen Mary might be built to help agricultural engineering.
Uncle Sam in his fight against the Axis powers.
8

; | Try a new McGormic-Deering Cream ' "	Separator now
It will put DOLLARS in your pocket
45 cents
£
v
While research workers the country over as yet have not isolated * any one factor which can forestall or cure graying of hair, there are a number of factors which are close to the answer. One is pantothenic acid, which is a member of the vita- l min B family.	j
5
V
5
THE CORNER STORE$
\
He lists tree rules for the efficient operation of internal combus-
1. Burn gasoline under high com- ! “Pantothenic acid,” said nutrition-Today’s Soldiers Taller, Heavier	pression only.	'	ists from the University of Illinois
An increase in both weight and	2. Readjust	the	carburetor	for	college of agriculture, “will prevent „
stature distinguish the modern	üght work.	black hair from turning gray, as
American soldier from the average	3. Reduce the	engine	speed	for	well as cure graying, but only to
citizen-soldier who entered the army	partial loads.	the salt-and-pepper stage. Because
in 1917, it is revealed by the	war de-	Heavy fuels, Professor Clyde says,	pantothenic acid does not prevent	.	«
partment following	a study	of med-	such as kerosene and similar petro-	the salt-and-pepper effect, black rats	Monoxide	Gas in	Auto
ïrc	2':	M„h.P, b.™, stuaw
inches in height,	but the	records	engines, but they may be entirely	thenic-acid-rich foods include liver,	A	plan	to	solve a	problem	tha
show the present	soldier	is ? 68.19	suitable for use in low compression	eggs, molasses, peanuts and whole-	has	long	troubled investigators	01
inches tall. This constitutes an in- , tractors even though the fuel is not grain cereals.	automobile accidents—how large a
crease of 0.7 of an inch. The aver- entirely burned.	|	- -	proportion of crashes involving the
age weight of the 1917 soldier was The Penn State specialist claims	driver is due to carV-on monoxi e
141.5 pounds, whereas the man en- that a vacuum wiper mechanism	_______________ was revealed recently by Coroner A.
tering the army today tips the scales ; attached to the manifold of a tractor	. vl ,, e	L. Brodie and his new toxicologist,
at an average of 151.3 pounds, an (ls one 0f the best indicators of ef-	Stradivarius Violins	Dr. Raymond D. McNally, both
increase of 9.8 pounds.	ficient operation. It works best un- T“e eariiest V1U,1I]S ^no^’n to have California.
---------------	1 ^SAt^SLS-SS
Painting Concrete Terraces the cylinders, and stops with nearly Concrete terraces can often be a fun joad. made more attractive by coloring them with stains manufactured espe-
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts. SHAW VILLE
%
Hodgins Garage

%
I
X
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
s
Sales
1

J. Li. HODGINS
I Phone 64-J.
> *300033333 3QE233 3 3 3 3 3 33 32
Carbon monoxide is fatal in suffi-
produced
uarius Cermonensis Alumnus Nicœ ^ the exhaust gases of automobiles, lai Amati, Faciebat Anno (the date), Coroner Brodie explained, but ho followed by the Maltese cross and ( ne knows how many accidents in the initials A. S. enclosed within a
<*4
ZMZI/I/IZIXVI/IZ
Count Pulle declared. He said that the diagnosis of Hfepjcians in 1821! Napoleon Bonaparte died of tropi- that Napoleon, at St. Helena, had cal liver inflammation, not of cancer died of cancer inherited from his fa-as the world has long believed. This ther was a “political diagnosis” by was revealed by Count Felice Pulle, officials who were unwilling to admit medical scientist of the University that the island had an unhealthy of Rome, who made public his con- climate. Count Pulle asserted : elusion, the result of lengthy re- “With injection of extract of root of searches into the fact and fancy of ipecac and modem tropical medi-the* real and legendary Napoleon.1 cine he probably would have lived to Napoleon’s complaint could be cured an old age and the present map of j \>y modern piedicine in 15 days, Europe might be different.”

Cause of Napoleon’s Death
This is the principle—a mystery to most motorists—of why the auto-cially for the purpose. For best re- mobile windshield wiper stops when suits the concrete should first be thc car is going vphill. The wiper washed thoroughly with washing stops because the engine is carrying soda or tri-sodium phosphate in or- all the load it can handle, dcr to remove any grease. This so- ( Hot all carburetors require re-lution is made by dissolving a pound adjustment to different loads, Clyde or a pound and a half of the chemi- points out. Some have automatic ' cal in a gallon of water. After clean- compensating devices, and the gracing the surface, it should be care- deal operator will try his machine fully rinsed with water and given out to see how it operates under all hvo days in which to dry before conditions, applying the concrete stain.	¦'
which the driver is reported to have, I double circle. On later instruments fnllen asleep at the wheel arc due
1 “Fecit” appears instead of Facie bat” and his name is spelled Stradivarius, the change from u to v having been made about 1730. There have been so many excellent imitations of the genuine Stradivarius that the expert knowledge of a connoisseur is required to determine the authenticity of an instrumenl after careful examination.

faulty exhaust pipes that cause tier degrees of carbon monoxide
111
n •% • n a
cientific* stud% has ever been of the problem, as far as Dr.
ild recall. .An expert in types of poisoning, he said he r.ed the study as one of the tusks of his post.
,Nc
lei


