###PAGE###1###


SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE THURSDAY, JANUARY 2Sih 194:)
No. ;»<) «$0tu Veau
Donation* of blood «ve required ut PontLic Community Hospital Tlio«e desiring to donate Hie re* nuewte<I to fall the secretary, Mr. Wilniur HodffiiH.
BIRTHS
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Corner Bank’and Somerset Sheet5
Ottawa Ontario
MARRIED
HoiMitXe—At Pontiac Voinnmnily Hospital, Sim w ville, to Mr. ni d Mis. Fml G. Hodgirs Chatterie, a son.
BENNETT- O CoNNOR
I
A quiet hut elm lining wedding was solemnized on Monday evening iu#tlie pi*e.-bytery of St. John the Evangelist Church. C mipbell * Bay. when Frances Joeplmie, eldest daughter of Mrs ( >'( mn i and Fimu.av v the home of Ills son, tlip late Mr Alerick II O'Connor. Victor Findlay. Radford, ofCtmipbulls Bay. was united in Que., on Tuesday, January 2*« marriage with Corporal Gerald HUB, James V. Findlay, in hi# Bennett, K C.A.. ot Ottawa, eide» 7'Jnci year. The funeral will he son of the Mrs Bennett ami the held from the late home at l.BO late Mr. Thus Bennett, of Camp oclock riinrsday afternoon to bell’s Bay. Rev, K. T. McNally Radford F lilted Church and performed the ceremony cemetery,
ihe Çenuine
Annual Congregational Meetings of Shawville, Zion and Stark’s Corners United Churches
DIED
Sherwin-Williams M w
emijustre
o i m
removed to hi gi
premises
model n i it Ontario school with
reputation Open al Jyeai
reliable schoo 1 ha#
ami liner file tinest and most
Attend a ; an established
Mi
With report* presented that allowed that Shawville United Church had enjoyed one of the best financial year# in it# history, the congregation moved on Wed nesdav evening votes of thanks to the minister, the Boards and the various officers of the church organizations
The pastor reported 2*i additions to the membership, making a total of 273, with baptisms 38, marriages 12 and burials IB on the
circuit.	,, . .
The treasurer. Edgar Hodgins,
reported receipts
nenses of $9067.00 vv(th .lance on hand.
Mi«s Kay Woodley reported for the W. A a membership of 13, with receipts of $392 while the 83 members of the W. M. 8. gave $240.00 to missions according to the report of the secretary, Mrs. Arthur Dtgg.
John Tolhnrst reported a Sunday School with an average attendance of 81, and receipts of $3(18.00. and for the Y P. V. receipts of $348, and a donation to the church
of $130.00 in bonds.
. The War Service unit reported through the secretary, Mrs. E. Hodgins, that the unit had made 170 quilts, 382 sewn articles and 258 knitted articles tor the Red Cross, with icueipts of $92.00 to
can y on the wofk.
* The Mission Bind, reported through Miss Iva Cotie, 10 members, and Mr A. Gordon Paul told ot 03 children enrolled on the Cradle
Roll	t ,
Besides those members that are filling the second half of the term in 1043, the following were-elected to the cnurch Boarde: —
Session—W. T. Barber, . A. H origin*, J. Kilgour. Kexford Wilson, Clarence Hayes and W. r. Me Dowell Stewards— Mrs, R. P. tiades Mrs Harold Hayes, Mrs. H. Hudgins Roy Macfarlane, John Murray, C. N. Woodley, Harold Dagg, J. R. McDowell, Wellington Armstrong, Harold Hayes, Dwight McDowell, Dr. D J. Campbell and
J, Stavenow.	, x ,
Dr. D. J Campbell was elected
to replace Robe Strutt, who died during the past year, on the
Trustee Board,	Mt\
Votes of appreciation for then faithful services were extended to Rov. and Mrs. A F. Fokes. and to the organist, Mrs. Edgar Hodgins. and the choir leader, Miss Kay Woodley.
I


SATIN - ENAMEL
Mu*#
i'PffOOUCTS
I
w. E. COWLING President
H. W. BRAITHWAlTk
Prlncipa I
The sensational washable satin enamel for walls, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other stains wash off with soap and water. We have a full selection of the lovely pastel shades.
rim attendant* were Mi*# Pansy
«Intel* of the bride, hh
mÿ
Uuonnoi mM bridesmaid, and Mi*. Howard Shea, a* best man.
The bride, given in marriage by her mother, chose a daytime irock of heavenly blue crepe fashioned with fitted bodice and pleated skirt. She wore a corsage of white
sweet peas	WÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ
model of brown felt, and brown accessories
The bridesmaid wore a street length frock of powder bine crepe with black felt hat and black at* cessories mixed sweet pea-.
After the ceremony a reception was held at the home of the bride's mother.
Out ot town guests were Sgt.* Major and Mrs. Clarke, of Ottawa; Mr* Krskine Hodgins, Shaw ville ; Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Grant, Mr. and Mrs. Clifford Kelly and Miss Dorothy Smith, of Ottawa.
!
PERSONAL MENTION
JAMES A. MILLAR
'
B A..IL. L L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’. Hotel, Campbell’. Bey
morning
Al PonliacHouse, Shawville,every
cr«i«f«3 at Noon

Misses Hilda and Jean Young, of Ottawa, spent the week-end with relatives in town.
Mr. and Mrs. John Dod< of Maryland, visited relatives in Ottawa and Wakefield, recently.
Mr. II. Imison. who has been visiting bis daughters in Montieal since Chi istmas, returned to hi* home last week.
Her hat was a wide
for cm n^|t
%
•very flednesday
a g
4
ex
ba
1
*>
Her corsage was of
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
*
i
Pte Norman Wilson. R.U. A.M.C., Va I Cartier, Que., s|ient the week end with his sister, Miss Mabel Wilson, at McKee, Que.
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
-f Estate G, J. Caldwell t-
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE,QUE.
#
V
Mi». Hugh Grace, of Barry's Bay, was in town ovei the week d to visit her father, Mr. Win. John Burner, who has been very
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
4
en
%
l
Advocate siriiter Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbells Bay, Quebec
(In| Lawn Block )
ill
Mr*. Wilfred Maxwell, and little daughter, of Hull, visited at the home of her grandmother, Mrs. Wm. Elliott, during the pa*t week.
Mrs. R. .1. Tracy and Mrs. Maye Armstrong were in Ottawa this week attending the Pre*byteifal held in the Dominion United Church.

Donald Sharpe Dies After a Brief Illness
i
j
Monday evening, after an ilines*
¦ DmiaM
DONAT Le GUERRIER Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Branch it (juyoa
f Monday ou request Matters dealt with by corretpondsnc

of about two week*
Sharpe of Caldwell , died at the age of 43 years.
He was brrn in Bristol town ship, son of the late Thom** Sharpe and Eliza Jane John cox.
He is survived by live brothers, Thomas and Harry, of Caldwell, William, of Wyman; Roy. of Su*-sex, N. J., and Ernest, of Pumpton Lake, N. J. and one sister, Mrs, S. Armstrong, of Qnyon.
His mother and .sister, Mrs, Geo. Todd, of Detroit, Mich., predeceased, hiiu last August and word had just been received that his brother in law, George Todd,¦#¦¦¦! Detroit the Friday previous.
The funeral was held from his late home in Caldwell, to Shaw-ville United church on Thursday afternoon, the service being conducted by Rev. A. F. Poke*. Interment was made in the Maple Grove Cemetery.
JANUARY
SPECIALS
Mrs. Jam A. Graham has returned to her horns at Wyman, after spending the past two weeks visiting her sons Hillis and Lyndon, of Shaw villa.
Miss Mary Tremble, of Rich mond, and Mise Eleanor Tremble of Ottawa, visited their grand parent*. Mr. and Mrs. A A Smith fur the week-end. . ^... . ^
/
will -call any


FVMILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT .. BARRISTER HULL, QUEBEC
I

Pte Bernard Fin Ian, son of Mrs. Kinlan and the late George A. Finlan, Wyman, has arrived overseas, according to word received recently by his mother.
Mrs. E. C. Graham, of Montreal, has received a cablegram from her husdand, Sur Eric C. Graham, of the Royal Canadian Engineers, of his safe arrival overseas. Eric is the son of Mrs. James A Graham, of Wyman.
Mrs. Alfred Draper is suending a few days in Ottawa, and while there will present to the W Presbyterial, which convenes in Dominion United Church Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, the annual report from this district, which includes Campbell's Hay, Bristol, Fort Coulonge and Shaw ville.	.
died in
Consultations by Appointment
SHEETING—White (Bleached) 81 inch width.
basso hospital quality.
Wa-
D. J. CAMPBELL
Special at 75 cents per yard
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
Mrs. Tbos. E. Sheppard, Formerly of Shawville, Dies in Ottawa
SHEETING—Grey (Unbleached) 81 inch width.
Good heavy weight. Wabasso,
Zion Church
Encouraging reports were heard the annual congregational meeting of Zion United Church held on Friday last. Rev. A F. Pokes was in the chair.
The secretary treasurer reported a membership of 50, with receipts of $413, 40 00 givfen to Missions and a balance of over $75.00 on hand.
The W. A. had receipts of $44 00 with a small balance; while the War Service unit reported 10 quilts made, 21 knitted articles and 58 sewn articles, and receipts of $20.00, according to the report given by Mrs. G ns Draper.
The Y. P. V. reported a small balance and the Sunday School with 30 members, reported through Miss Laura Barber, receipts of $52.00, with a small balance
The officers elected were. Session —MervynThompson, Geo. Warren, John Sturgeon and Wesley Bines. Stewards-H. H. Sturgeon, G Thompson, H. Wilson, Harold Elliott and Gus Draper, Manager* —George Warren, Clifford Walsh, and James Barber.
Votes of appreciation for services were extended to the minister, organist and treasurer of the g negation.
DR. H. K. NEILSON
M.S
Special at 65 cents per yard
A resident of Ottawa for the past 10 years, Mrs. Thomas E Sheppard died at her home, 106 Rochester Street, on Sunday following four days' illness. She
at

Eye, Ear, Nose aid Throat SPECIALIST
COTTON—White, 36 inch widths. Several qualités,
15 to 30 cents per yard
was in her fflst year.
She was the former Alice Mildred Cone, and was a daughter ot the late Gardner Cone and his wife Frances Hudson. She was born at Bristol, and spent her early life there, moving to Shawville follow her marriage in 1V05 to Thos.
After removing to Ottawa, Mrs. |
Sheppard worshipped at Western .
United Church. 'She took keen interest in church work and was an active member of the Women's Auxiliary and Circle Two for
SraïïlîS? 5 oïuïîrï T, T, Beattie, Kathleen H. R.llias,
S o“.b»«h"'«ioSSSi “Æ.Î'K ta1»' W—*
Weybnrn, Sask., and Clifford, of Shawville ; two sisters, Mrs. Herbert Hudson, of Weybnrn, and Nettie Crawford, of Calgary.
OTTAWA. - ONT.
PHONE, | 2-7961
t
COTTON—Grey, 36 inch widths from
Wymai Women s Institute
The January meeting of the Wyman Women's Institute was held at the home ot Mrs Fred It. Hutchison, with a good attend
____, Miss Pritchard presiding,
assisted by Mrs. Roland Graham, secretary.
The meeting started off brightly by responding to the roll call, "a joke or funny story.”
A large number of cards and letters of thanks and appreciation tor Christmas cheer were read.
The exhibit for the Fall Fair was discussed and some plans made for
12 to 25 cents per yard
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
46 2Bronson A ve., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA, ONTARIO
mg
She
FLANNELETTE—Fancy stripped in blue, mauve,
pink and greys, all 36 inch widths
Specials at 25 cents per yard
ance
SCIENTIFIC EVE EXAMINAI IONS
Specialist on ml Visual andmusculareyeJelects

PILLOW COTTONS—Wabasso, circular 42 inch
width. Special, limited quantity, 50 cts yd.

I
it.
QUILT BATTS—Economy built baits, bleached
white, 72 x 90. All ready for use and easily worked. Quantity limited 39 cents each.
Mrs. Hutchison gave the Reu Cross report and it was arranged to continue making more quilts until further materials come in ; also decided to send seeds to „	.	Britain.
Stark i Corners Church	The tiual paper in the senee on
11B*ISS
Gordon T. Paul INSURÀNCE
Mrs _ m
The funeral service was held at the residence on Tuesday afternoon. The body was removed to Piuecrest cemetery vault. .
t


con
I
:
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations

:
Montreal Chapter I. 0. D. E. Benefits District Schools	—
-
l!
Prints Thread
Thimbles
Broadcloths,
Needles


QUE

SHAWVILLE

V
re
*

“Red” Dale Referees Heckey Game in Eafland
E



THE W. A. HODGINS STORE
Quebec
i
.	, j

7963
###PAGE###2###
Commentary on Current Event;
Hang On Tightly To That Rooster
U. S. 1943 Budget 100 Billion Dollars
JOIN THE NAVY AND B-R-R-Rl
THE WAR • WEEK
Shipments of Fuel To Africa May Be Decisive War Factor


I
He May Be Needed To Waken You At Crack of Dawn
More Than All Other Belligerents Spending In Year
I >1;
battleship Lorraine <22,189 tone), four cruisers, several destroyers and submarines, might also ."be refitted and Induced to Join the United Nations forces.
Allied Ships Interned
It appears, however, that the French commanders are riot too anxious to bring their larger ships Into the battle line. Not only are they reluctant to put the twelves under British or American command but, attar the scuttling of the bulk of France's naval'forces at Toulon, they consider It Uielr duty to keep at least some remnants of the once proud French fleet out of war. Appropriate guarantees for replacement of lost ships on the part of the United Nations might dissipate these apprehensions.
France bad approximately 700,000 to 800,000 tons of French merchant shipping in the Medlter-whlch did not fall into

Shipment of large quantities of fuel to French Africa has caused drastic restriction In the sale of gasoline In the Eastern States, says The Christian Science Monitor. These measures for the conservation of gasoline have officially cut pleasure driving and sldeiably hampered economic activity of large parts of the American population.
Yet these restrictions have been
necessary WÊÊÊ lean conquest of vitally important
positions In French North and
West Africa. The United States
military administration needs
large quantities of material and
fuel not only to supply the Anglo-
American fighting forces but to
re-equip disarmed French troops
and to restore economic life In
these regions.
Recent reports from French Africa Indicate that these large-scale American shipments to Africa may contribute to bring al plete change In the balance of forces in the Mediterranean and in the South Atlantic. French military and economic power In Africa will be increasingly mobilized and put Into the service of the United Nations.


If you arc still lucky enough to possess a rooster, then hang on to him and encourage chanticleer to herald the dawn, says the Hamilton Spectator. The disturbing fact le that alarm clocks are becoming scarce aud may soon be as rare as a heaping sugar bow). The rooster that crows may yet be something more than a neighborhood nuisance.
Not only are no more civilian alarm clocks being made by most manufacturers, but the supply of them has been largely exhausted in wholesale and retail circles. Considerable brass and copper went into the production of alarm clocks, and these are now essential war materials. Germany and Japan used to supply the world market with many such clocks, but the last thing the Axis desires to do right now Is furnish the democracies with any device that contributes to their alertness and gets the workers to their jobs on time. One company is turning out a plastic alarm clock which requires only a little steel for its inner mechanism, but this product goes only to the fighting services. Some neighbors' radios can be depended upon to wake up the soundest sleepers at a regular hour every morning; but once it becomes known that this is viewed as a service of convenience it will no dou-bt be discontinued promptly. A vain and lusty rooster therefore appears to be the last hope when your alarm clock finally gives up the ghost and there are no more spare parts available to make it tick.
The most expensively worded book In history—the United States Budget which will call for cash spending of more than $100.000,000,000 in the next fiscal year— went to press last week.
Because It Is also one of the biggest and most complicated books published each year, it will not he ready for public reading until Jan. 11. when clerks will read the introduction to both houses of Congress.
Containing about 1.000 pages of fine type, the annual financial blueprint of the Federal Government will be primarily a bill, tendered as part of the price of victory.
The document will contain a few million dollars for routine things like forest conservation or beetle control, but the direct war costs for the Army, NavV, Maritime Commission. Lend-Lease, and similar activities, alone, are about $100.000,000.000,
That's about $30.000,00.000 more than Is being spent In the current fiscal year, which will end June 30. 1943. It's about four times as much as was spent by the United States In the World War. It's more than England and Germany, aud all the other belligerents are spending, a year, put together.
At that, officials said, the only reason the figure wasn't bigger is that it represents the largest sum which the experts believe can be spent in a year, considering the prospective output of United States war factories.
con-

9%
to stabilize Anglo-Amer-










4







runean
Axis hands. Vichy Fiance, moreover, Interned 35 Allied ships of 120,000 tons. Yet in recent months the Vichy Government leased 400,000 tons of their ships to Fascist
%


ut a com-
:








Italy.
In November, 1942, the interned Allied merchant vessels were banded over to the Axis, according to a statement of the British Ministry for Economic Warfare. The number of ships operating under the French flag between France and North Africa and tak-
by the United Nations
•Somewhere in Alaskan waters, a Navy photographer shot this view of a big PRY patrol bomber being walked into a*land berth by its Navy ground crew—up to their waists in ice-speckled, freezing water.
New French Army
The must important item in the framework of this mobilization Is the organization of a new French army under the command
Henri Honore Giraud.
Keep Both Eyes On Winning War
Britain Takes War Work To Workers
Small war factories are operating in many tumble-down buildings In Britain, and thousands more may be opened soon in empty shops, barns and cowsheds, derelict churches, mission halls, and garages.
The Ministry of Supply, Labor and Production, In London, plan to give work to 750,000 married women able to do part-time tasks of a simple kind near their homes. Part-time work is now done by 250,000 women and a million more are needed.
The obstacle is that most of those who want part-time work live In rural and urban areas away from factories, take the factories to the workers.
G e n
Vichy disposed of 150.000 colonial troops in North and West Africa which, however, were poorly equipped. They particularly lacked anti-tank and anti-aircraft guns, planes, tanks and other modern material. Only a small part of the French army so far has received modern American equipment and only some regiments are operating with the Anglo-Americans on the Tunisian front.
eu over
after occupation of Algiers and Morocco has not been disclosed. Admiral Cunningham, however, has stated that an agreement had been reached with French authorities in Africa under which French merchant ships In North and .West Africa would be employed, some directly in Allied service and some to meet the economic needs of French Africa.
On August 4.	1917, Lloyd
George Spoke as as Follows:
Winged Cannon
While the Army is fighting so valiantly, let the nation behind It be patient, be strong, and, above all, united. The strain is great on nations aud on individuals, and when men get over-strained tempers get ragged, and small grievances are exaggerated, and small misunderstandings and mistakes swell into mountains. Long wars, like long voyages and long journeys, are very trying to the temper, and wise men keep watch on on it and make allowances for it. There are some who are more concerned about ending the war than about winning it; aud plans which lead to victory, if they prolong the conflict, have their disapproval, aud the people who are responsible for such plans have their condemnation.
Let us keep our eye steadily on the winning of the war. May I say let us keep both eyes? Some have a cast in their eye, and while one eye is fix**d truly on victory, the other is wandering around to other issues or staring stonily at some pet or partisan project of theft’ own. Beware of becoming crosseyed! Keep both eyes on victory. Look neither to _lhe right nor to the left. That Is the way we shall win. If any one promotes national distrust or disunion at this hour, he Is helping the enemy and hurting his native land. And It makes no difference whether he Is for or against the war. As a matter of fact, the hurt le deeper if he Is for the war, because whatever the pure pacifist says Is discounted, and, as far as the war Is concerned, discredited.
Let there be one thought In every head. If you sow distrust, discontent, disunion in the nation we shall reap defeat. If, on the other hand, we sow the seeds of patience, confidence, and unity, we shall garner in victory and its fruits. The last ridges of a climb are always the most trying to the nerves and to the heart, but the real test of great endurance and courage is the last few hundreds or scores of feet In a climb upwards. The climber who turns back when he Is almost there never becomes a great mountaineer, and the nation that turns back and falters before it reaches Its pTTpOêS LêTê? bGcôlües a great people. You have all had experience in climbing, no doubt—perhaps In Wales. Any mountaineer can start; any sort of mountaineer can go part of the way; and very often the poorer the mountaineer, the greater Is his ardor when he does start; but fatigue and danger wear out all but the stoutest hearts, and even the most stout-hearted sometimes fail when they come to the last slippery precipice. But If they do turn back and afterwards look up and see how near they had got to the top, how they curse the faint-heartedness which bade them give up when they were so near the goal!
War Tomatoes
Replacing Roses
We will some day see aircraft that are simply winged artillery pieces, says Collier's. They will go along with ground troops and armored forces, doing much of the work now handled by big mobile rifles and howitzers.
The biggest cannon has a range of twenty miles or so; a smaller piece mounted on a plane has a range equal to that of the plane,
plus a little. Hundreds of miles,
in other words, with a 20 or 37-mlllimeter can-
in the glasshouses where roses and carnations bloomed in peace time, British flower farmers hope to produce this year 50,000 tons of tomatoes, growing great quantities of outdoor food crops.
One nursery alone, whose output in 1939 was entirely of cut flowers, produced last year 950 tons of tomatoes, 125,000 lettuces, 320 tone of sugarbeets, 100 tons of onions and 75 tons of carrots, all from glasshouses or from land previously planted with flower crops. This year 82% of the nursery’s total glass area is planted with tomatoes and 80% of its outdoor growth is growing food crops.
Since the war Britain’s flower industry has been controlled by horticultural cropping orders and its employees are reserved at the age of 30 only if they are engaged on food production.
Shipping Losses Replaced
Allied spokesmen have declared that United Nations losses In shipping since during landing operations in North Africa have been completely replaced by captured French merchant vessels. It Is likely that not less than 100,000 tons of French merchant ship# have fallen Into Allied hands.
The United Nations position In North Africa will be considerably eased If the American High Command succeeds In reorganizing the French transportation system which has disintegrated since the defeat of France. Reports from American war correspondents in North Africa disclosed that French locomotives were worn out and that most of the French cars in North Africa had deteriorated and broken down when used by Allied troops. Anglo-American forces, therefore, had to rely almost entirely on tholr own means of transportation, which has considerably delayed their advance Into Tunisia.
Now, however, sufficient quantities of vehicles are available and United Nations supplies are dispatched over the Morrocan-Algerian coastal railway and .over the strategic highways which the Fernch had constructed In North Africa. Allied air facilities in these regions are also rapidly-improving and expanding.
The bulk of the French Army has remained in Its cantonments In Algeria and Morocco and has to be reorganized and restrained for modern warfare.
In the meantime immediate mobilization of the classes 1934-1939 (men from 23 to 29 years) has been ordered In order to re enforce the new French army. This means that if sufficient American war material is made available a French army of approximately 200.000 men will fight side by side with the Anglo-American forces In Africa. More than 1,000 experienced French war pilots are said to he in North Africa and will be re-trained for service. They are being armed with fast new American fighter planes.
Yet re organization and re training of so large an army, mostly composed of North African and Senegalese troops, takes time. The Axis Is well aware of this difficulty and is hurrying men and material to North Africa. It Is likely that Hitler will attempt not only to strengthen his hold on Tunisia, but even to throw the Anglo-Americans out of North Africa before mobilization of the French army is completed. The struggle for North Africa has just begun.
They are also
The plan is to
The Bell P-89,
non in the nose, is a sample. The Russians have used it to destroy German tanks in quantity. The Russians have another ship of their own which operates similarly.
Navy To Have New Ration Kit
Emergency Food Containers for All Life Rafts
A 37-mm. shell from a plane is just as deadly as one fired from the ground, generally speaking, and the aerial cannon is much easier to move around. It can go find a tank, rather than wait for a tank to find it. The flying cannon of tomorrow will be stable enough to allow more accurate aiming than is possible now.
A better chance of survival for shipwrecked sailors huddled on life rafts was held out not long ago, thanks to a food-holding device evolved through research work carried out by officers of the Royal Canadian Navy.
Naval headquarters announced that a new “emergency ration container” has been devised and adopted. It Is regarded so favorably that United States and British naval authorities have asked for specifications and may adopt it.
All life rafts now will be stocked with the new containers which Include water In specially designed tine which will not rust nor break even at 15 degrees below zero, chocolate bars which will stand heat to 212 degrees wlthobt melting, chocolate tablets, concentrated biscuits.
The ration kit is no bigger than a woman's overnight bag and Is coated with salt-water-resisting paint. The water can holds 16 ouncee of water of a formula which will not cause rust.
A food container to go inside the kit Is a little bigger than a sardine can and holds 12 chocolate tablets, each 70 per cent, whole milk; two bars of chocolate, enough to last a man two days. All foods are processed to stand up to sterilization without spoiling.
It la proposed to put four kits on each 10-man raft and eight on each 20-man raft, lashed Into special compartments, klta on order the work of re-equipping rafts is expected to proceed. Bach kit contains eight tins of water, eight tins of food and eight packets of extra food in the form of sealed milk tablets.
“Eat slowly” is hte only direction given on the cofttainer. This Is necessary because of the high caloric content of the food.
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT


Vj
THE COUOMEV.
%
new
V
I




%
%
French Naval Units
Meanwhile the French naval squadron at Dakar and the remnants of the French Fleet in North African ports are likely to operate with the Anglo-American units in the near future. Admiral Sir Andrew Cunningham. United Nations naval commander in North African waters, disclosed that already several small units of the French Fleet, probably destroyers, are helping Allied warships to convoy supply ships In the Mediterranean.
While the restoration of the two bijr battleships Richelieu and Jean Bart (each of 35.000 tons), both heavily damaged by British and American naval guns and planes, will take long months, a force of three modern cruisers (each of tons) at Dakar and smaller cruisers at Casablanca is probably available at once. So half & dozen destroyers, 10 to 15 submarines and a large number of supply veasels which had been laying at Dakar and in North African ports.
The disarmed French squadron at Alexandria, comprising the old
*-60


'4%

I. :
%

y
n %
Stalin Is Named “Man of the Year”
m
M//
az



Joseph Stalin was named by Time magazine as its “Man of the Year” for 1942.
“The choice of any man of the year Is in no way an accolade or a Nobel Prize for doing good,” P. I. Prentice, publisher of Time, said in making the announcement
“Nor is It a moral judgment,” he added. “The two criteria for the choice are always these: Who had the biggest rise to fame; and who did most to cbangt the news for better (like Stalin this year) or for worse (like Stalin, 1939, when his flop to Hitler's side unleashed this world wide war).''
Time, which has been designating a “Man of the Year” since 1927, picked President Roosevelt last year and Prime Minister Winston Churchill in 1940.
m
&
*
K-
* «

With 25,000
%
two
/
are


3-3
>
(OeryngH kP
*> #
“I have this trouble every winter. . . . People demand their coffre
• teaming hot!!"

By Gurney (Australia)
“Spoiling a good trick”
Bluey and Curley of the Anzacs
gosh , 1 FoftGdr To till teo
\ OPENED A Tin of RAT POISON
wiTw that baxonet ins morning.
( net
/ 1 Take am ordinary
ARMY ISSUE BIN0NET SO.f
SAY Ht
use. 1b wo ox
IN A CIRCUS ,
\ /
/

r
Britons To Draw
Belts Still Tighter

/
bumey:
%

•>
L
Britons are going to be asked to tighten their belts a few more, notches, the Food Ministry said in announcing will be made in food rations, but added that the process will be so gradual it may not be noticeable
Reductions will
begin Jan. 11 and will be spread over six months. Extent of the reduction was not announced immediately. The move will make .more shipping space available for tit# war materials.
E
T-fV;
»

' I r
*c

%

rt
n.

that reductions

è
m
(.
IT

IT

il
I1
V

F
for some time.
, t
X
n
L.0\
\



i
¦






###PAGE###3###
NOW YOU SEE IT, NOW YOU DON’T
Have You Heard?
?
GUARANTEED TRUST INVESTMENT
CERTIFICATES
A Lancashire soldier and hla lain had spent the day together, and on their return the girl's mother asked how she had enjoyed herself.
“Aw reet,M said Jane, “but 1 think Jog's a bit mean. He nob but spent sixpence on me all day."
“Well, if I were thee I'd tek his sixpence back and mek him ashamed of himself,1f9 said her mother.
Late that night, Jane knocked on Joe's door.
“Ere," she said. “Tak thi sixpence back. I doubt if tha can afford it."
“Ee," said her lover, “tha shouldn’t a bothered to-neet. It would 'a done in t’mornin
a legal investment for estate trust funds.
AN EXCELLENT INVESTMENT FOR YOUR
SPARE MONEY
•issued and guaranteed by
THE TRUSTS AND GUARANTEE COMPANY LIMITED
)
(
3 Vi % per annum for 5 year term.
{
1
302 BAY STREET. TORONTO, ONTARIO
• •••
• •
• •
• • ••
Please send me further details about your Guaranteed Trust Investment Certificates.
Cut out and mail te
The Trusts and Guarantee Company, Limited 302 Bay Street, Toronto
Name
• ••••
Address

• ••
*****
#
The British Breed
How Can I?
By Anne Ashley
$237,768,437.
Freight traffic In millions of ton miles was 32.000 against 27,200 in 1*41 and 23,041 In 1928, ante-depression top. and passenger traffic In millions of passenger Ailles was 2,660 against 1,762 last year and 1,641 in 1928. Mr. Vaughan stressed that while the 1942 volume of traffic exceeded that of 1928 by 44 per cent. It was handled with 8.6 per cent, less staff, 26.9 fewer freight cars, 14.2 per cent, fewer passenger cars and 6.0 per cent, fewer locomotives, while the fuel consumption in 1942 was less by 46,000 tons.
After meeting all operating expenses, including equipment depreciation and appropriate charges for deferred maintenance and renewals Mr. Vaughan indicated, net revenue of the company will be sufficient to pay taxes and all other charges, including interest due to the public and to the government, and leave a substantial surplus to be paid to the government.
# 99
Letter to London Daily Telegraph.
Sir:—I think the doggedness of an old soldier servant of my brother-in-law until shortly before the war, when he was discharged from the Army as being too old, deserves recognition. Bombed out of his home and seriously injured, he neither grumbles nor complains, but is glad to be back at his job again. This is what he writes:
1 lost all of my home and also lost my right eye, and had my skull fractured in three places. I was in hospital a long time and never knew anything. My wife got hit on the legs, but she is getting on pretty well now.
But never mind. I am back at my war factory work again. I find it a bit wakward at times getting about, but I manage.— From your old obedient servant, T. N. Gibson.
So long as men like this form the backbone of England, how can we fail?
A Mayfair bomb fall on a mews, demolishing garages and small flats above them. One small bedroom alone escaped.
Wardens and police rushed up. They saw a figure moving about in the one surviving room.
Are you all right?" they shouted.
"Yes,"
"but I can t find ray cellar and tie."
Q How can I make a fine-grain* ed sour milk cake?
A. When making a sour milk cake, dissolve the soda In the milk and whip with an egg heater. This will assure a fine-grained cake.
Q. How can I make twine holder for the kitchen?
A. By the use of an ordinary tin funnel of suitable size. Hang It on the wall, first drawing the end of the twine from the centre of the ball through the opening at the bottom of the funnel.
Q. How can I cream butter quickly?
A. Heat the mixing bowl with scalding water. Wipe, and put In the butter. It will cream in much less time than required when the butter is put into a cold bowl.
Q. How ran I remove lacquer from silver?
A. Lacquer may be removed from silver by sponging with alcohol.
Q. How can I clean suede shoes without injuring the suede?
A. An ordinary ruobe. sponge, such as can be bought at any tencent store, the tight sort that has a good resistance, is excelent for keeping the suede shoes clean. It will remove all the dust and soil without harming the fabric, as so many of the very stiff brushes are inclined to do.

Z.'.N
practical
the reply.
I
A woman estate owner collected her own rents in order to save
expense
tenants in a discontented frame of mind and thinking that attack might be the best defence she began with a complaint of her own.
"Your kitchen, Mrs. Brown," she said, "is in a very bad state."
"Yes, ma'am, it is," the tenant agreed. "And you would look the same way If you hadn't had any paint on you for five years."
One little U-boat, riding on the sea; along came the R.C.A.F*, now where can it be? Probably on the bottom of the ocean, for depth charge churning the water in bottom photo was dropped on spot where just a few moments before a Canadian coastal patrol bomber spotted the axis submarine somewhere in the Atlantic.
She found one of her
$
I
WHAT SCIENCE IS DOING
Modern Etiquette
By Roberte Lee


1.	Should a girl working In an office give or send her employer so inexpensive Christmas gift?
2.	Should children be allowed to wear nail polish?
3.	At a widow’» second marriage, her first husband being deceased, should she Invite the family of her former husband?
4 When invited for a weekend visit, isn’t It all right for a guest to take his dog along?
6. When a married woman Is traveling alone, should she sign the hotel register, Mrs. H. L. Hudson or Mary Lou Hudson?
6. Is It permissible for a girl to ask a young man to call, when she has known him for quite a while?
ANSWERS
1. No. She should wish him a Merry Christmas as he or she la leaving the office on Christmas Kve. In some cases, a Christmas card addressed to him and him wife Is appropriate. 2. No. 3. Yes, Indeed, If the relationship has always been pleasant. Furthermore, these people should make every effort to attend. 4. Not unless the dog was also Invited. 6. She should sign, Mrs. II. L. Hudson, and her home city, but not her street address. 6. Yes.
A Bird "Story
Olive D. Adame.
WEIGHTS
Grasshoppers jumping about in a box do not lessen its weight; neither do bees flying about in a closed hive.
A friend on a farm asked Dr. Gordon S. Fulcher, a physicist of Washington, D C., if a hive would be easier to carry if she stirred up the bees so they would fly around. This suggested the grasshopper problem to Dr. Fulcher as a similar but simpler case. He has reported to the journal Science, his .findings.
Each grasshopper as it jumps gives a downward kick to the box, thereby Increasing it* weight. While the .grasshopper is in the air, the box is, to be sure, relieved of its weight, but when the hopper lands, the box again receives a downward thump. Dr. Fulcher shows mathematically that these balance out and the average weight of the box does not change.
The same applies to the bees in a closed hive : "The total average weight must be the same no matter what the actions or motions of the bees and other parts inside the closed container may be."
The same applies to any body not at the absolute zero of temperature, for which all the molecules are at rest. At any higher temperature, because of thermal agitation, many of the molecules at any given instant are in the air, so to speak. But each molecule as it takes off gives a downward kick and again when it lands. The weight of the body as indicated by a balance is an average of these downward kicks and of the dead weight of those molecules that happen to be at rest. The indicated weight does not change with temperature.
0
0
Biitish soldiers have been supplementing their pay by working in the evening for farmers near Essex, England.
"You gave $100 for that rug?" said Mr. Browne.
dear/' replied his
Pilots back from Guadalcanal recently told a tall bird story. A marine, they said, captured a wild parrot and taught it to shout: "Hello, Joe !" as greeting to any Jap. He took the parrot to the front lines, where it shouted the greeting all day. Other parrots, free in the jungle, learned the greeting. Soon the jungle behind the Jap lines resounded with nerve-racking U. S. accents; "Hello, Joe! . . Hello, Joe! . . Hello, Joe! .
“Yes,
wife
“Now, look here, Mary, I'm going to pul my foot down on this awful extravagance.M
“I don't mind, George, so long as you wipe your feet first."
*
British Sailors’ Society
The World'* Oldest Sailor Welfare OrgamleaUom
Founded 1818—Soon After Trafalgar
ocrâtes In over one hundred Sailor Institutes, Clubs, Havens,
41,1 OVER THE SEVEN SEAS
In days like these earnestly appeals for help
Fwither Information gladly
supplied
G. SI. IPBEDIÊ, Domialea See'y. .10 Siberia A veau# - Tarante
f
To replace steamships diverted from Mediterranean traffic, Spsin la building sailing ships.
t
The conceited young man was being even more boring than usual.
ITCH ÏÏSC
I
1
Time
"It's a fact," he said with pride, "that people often take me for a member of the Guards."
His fair companion wasn't Impressed.
"Really?" she drawled. "Fire— railway
More than 200 fighting ships are now manned by the valons navies of the Allies, apart from the British Fleet.
#
_	. liquid 1). D. D. Prwrriptu*.____
yw draff* today lor D.DD PRESCRIFTTON.
shin -black."
mud
or
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
you thinC Hitler
;¦ "Do
stands any chance of getting what he's out for?"
"I don't—but I think he's got a good chance of getting what he's in for."
OFFER TO INVENTOR*
AUTOMOBILES—USED
D A I It \ MACHINERY
an offer to every invbntOb
of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramasiy Co., Registered Patent Attorney#. 27% Bank Street, Ottawa. Canady
Te
USED CARS WITH GOOD TIRES. See us first. Mount Pleasant Motors Limited. Used Car Lot at 2U4U Yonge Street; Head Office, 632 Mount Pleasant Road, Toronto. Telephone BY. 2181._______
ME LOTTE CREAM SEPARA Bowls rctinned and rebuilt, parts and oil for Melotte and Anker-Hulth write J. C. Dent, 387 Central Ave., London, Ont.
LI
New Records Set
By C N R. In 1942
PHOTOGRAPHY
FARM FOR SALE
A rubber tree begins to yield •even years after planting.
ANIMALS WANTED
DON’T TRUDGE THROUGH
FOR SALE. 65 ACRE FARM, 8 room brick house, hydro, 1% miles from Tilbury. Apply Joe Cloutier. R.R. 6, Tilbury
PUPPIES WANTED. CROSSBRED and others. Also Rabbits. Guinea Pigs, Ferrets. State number and sex. Hall, St. Lawrence Market, Toronto.
The Ifttut, Malm, or Hall
HAVE YOUR SNAPS
DESCENT AT DAWN
Delivered by Mall
Any b or 8 exposure film perfectly developed and printed for only X&e Supreme quality and fast service guaranteed.	______
DYEING A GLEANING
Review of System's Operations Reveals Surplus In
Revenue
HAVE YOU ANYTHING NEEDS dyeing or cleaning? Write to ue for information. We are glad to answer your questions. Department H, Parker's Dye Works Limited. 7U1 Venge Street. Toronto.
ATTENTION FARMER*
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
FARMERS AND DAIRYMEN HOW to increase milk and cream' from your cows. Send one dollar for full particulars. Mike Ignash, Manitoba Ava„ Winnipeg. M
The upward trend of the industrial activity which began with the outbreak of war and which was so strongly marked In 1941, continued throughout 1942, states R. C. Vaughan, chairman and president of the Canadian National Railways, in a review of the system's operations for 1942. New traffic records were created for each month, and the traffic volume for the year exceeds by a wide margin any previous experience.
Indicated net revenue will be 185,000,000 against $86,608,841 In 1941 Mr. Vaughan reported. Operating revenues will exceed $370,000,000 compared with $304,876,771 and operating expenses will be around $285,000,000 compared with
Station J. Toronto
441
PATENTS
an
BROODER STOVE WANTED
Free Helps For Inventors
Everyone with a good idea should promptly secure the Illustrated Booklet '
¦ HH ¦
“Record of Your Invention." Gat them to-dày—Fre Haskett, 63 Queen Street, Ottawa.
BABY CHICKS
WANTED TO PURCHASE EITHER James way or Warner 350 Chick alxe electric brooder stove. Write to H. S. Hall, 21 Maple Street, Galt, Ontario.
FIFTEEN BREEDS ALL AGES, growing chicks same prices. Catalogue. Fairview Farms, SL Marys, Ontario.
Fortunes From Inv and the handsome fo
from W. Irwin
FILMS
THIS YEAR WHEN EGGS AND meat prices are high start your Chicks early to get premium prices next Fall. Insist on Eyera quality chicks, all from Government Approved Breeders. Barred Rocks, New Hampshlras. Rhode Island Reds. White Leghorns and Black MI no rc as. Write today circular and price list E I Poultry Farm and Hatchery, MYRTLE STATION, Ontario



ANY 6 OR. 6 EXPOSURE ROLL developed and printed, thirty cents postpaid. Guaranteed résulté. 24 hour service. Individual Photo Service, 379 Brookdale Avenue, Toronto.	________


FETHERSTONHAUGH & COMPANY Patent Solicitor#. Established 189U;	14 King West, Toronto.
Booklet of Information on quest
U. S. Prepared
For Gas Warfare




PATENTS A TRADE MARKS
for
If gas becomes a weapon of general use in this war, the Chemical Warfare Service of the United States Army Is ready to give It— and equally ready to take It.
Major-Gen. William N. Porter, C.W.S. chief, said the Germans are known to have large sotres of war gas, and can be expected to use it whenever advantageous.*
"So far, In my opinion, the only reason the Germans have not used gas le that they have not needed it," he said.
“We would all be very remiss, however, If we went Into this without sufficient quantities of gas," he added that we are ahead of Germany In the production of gas."
FIRS, HIDES AND WOOL WANTED
yere
EGERTON R. CASE, REGISTERED United States, Canadian, British
lorney. Booklet gratia d over forty year#. St

HIGHEST PRICES PAID FOR Horse Hair, Red Fox, Mink. Raccoon, Skunk, Weaeel and all other raw furs. Ship or write. Levin Fur Co., 163 Spadina Ave., Toronto, Ontario.
Patent At Establishe Balaam Avenue, Toronto

NO SIR. ALL WAR CHICKS ARE NOT alike! Nothing has been left out of our 1941 programme to produce etill better chicks. Chicke that not only live and grow but chicks that develop into profitable layer# and profitable meat bird#. There are 345,000.000 dozen eggs wanted in 1943 for Britain and the domestic market. With beef and pork ehort there will aleo be a demand for all the poultry meat that we can raise. We will do our part to supply you with good chicke, but please order early and take delivery early. Send 1200 chicke given away free. Free catalogue aud price list, turkeys. Tweddle Chick Limited,
POULTRY
BUY EARLY COCKERELS FOR most profit, quick cash crop. Raise a brood before your pullets. Available every week. Leg* horns, Hampshire», Hybrid* Rock# Price list. Fisher Orchard#, Box W., Freeman, OnL
GUERNSEY*
OFFERING FEW CHOICE YOUNG Cows to calve soon U. M. Flat!, R. 2, Hamilton, Ontario____________
SOME COAL IN EVERY BIN IS GOVERNMENT REQUEST
A

FOOT BALM
Help yourself and your country by éxercising a little patience, even though you have not received all your winter’s fuel requirements. Remember, your dealer Is trying te distribute his supplies and make sure there’s some coal In every bln. You won't suffer foi being patient because there Is enough coal to keep every home warm this winter. Help yourself, too, by ordering blue coal’. Then you will be sure of more heat, more comfort and more economy all winter through. You can find out about ’blue coal’ by phoning the ‘blue coal' dealer In your locality.
RHEUMATIC PAINS
BAUMKEKA FOOT BALM destroy# offensive odor inetantly, 44c bottle. Ottawa agent. Den Drug Store. Ottawa.
GOOD RESOLUTION—Every sufferer of Rheumatic Pains of Neuritis should try Dixon’# Remedy. Munro’fl Drug Store. 186 St-ln. Ottawa. Poetpald 11.00.
for contest folder.
HAIRDRESSING SCHOOL
“We feel now
Fergue, Ont.
Hatcheries
LEARN HAIRDRESSING THE
method. Information
SAFE WANTED
Roberts on on request regarding classe#. Robertson'# Hairdressing Academy, 137 Avenue Road, Toronto.
8AFE WANTED — STATE ÂG* condition, inside size and price. Box D, Room 421, 7* Adelaide St W., Toronto.
IMMEDIATE SHIPMENT ON BRAY started chick», well away toward# the good profit# they should make you. Aa eggs are being hatched to order only, let u* know your February-March quirernent# now. Price list, catalogue ready. Bray Hatchery, 130 John St. N., Hamilton, Ont
HOW TO RELIEVE
MALE HELP WANTED
PILE TORTURE
STAMPS
»
TWO SINGLE MEN, GENERAL farmer, good with horse* other good milker hand or machine. Fifty-five a month and board References. Beneteau Brother* Amherstburg, R.R. 3, Ontario.
APPROVALS OVER TWENTY thousand different British « d Foreign to choose from. Bennett^ Stamps, 29 McMaster Avenu* Toronto.
QUICKLY AND EASILY
If you are troubled with Itching lie# or rectal soreness, do not delay treatment and run the risk of letting this condition become chronic. Any Itching or soreness or painful passage of stool Is nature's warning and should ne securp For this purpose get a package of Hem-Rold from any druggist and use as directed. This formula which Is used Internally Is a small, easy to take tablet, will quickly relieve the itching and soreness and aid In healing the sore tender spots. Hem-Rold Is pleasant to us* Is highly recommended and It seems the height risk a painful and chronic pile condition when such a fine remedy may be had at much a «mill cost If you try Hem-Roid and are not iy pleased with the results, druggist will gladly return
CHICK#
r,
•END FOR OUR RECORD CHART free and catalogue. Six breeds chicke and all ages growing pullet». Government approved. Save money, early order discounts. Prompt deliveries. Satisfaction guaranteed. Monkton Poultry. Farm, Monkton, Ontario
MAID WANTED
STAMPS WANTED
GOOD WAGES. EXPERIENCE NOT necessary, adult family. Mr#. Richardson, 197 Forest Hill Road, Toronto.
J
WANTED, OLD POSTAGE STAMP* best cash price paid. Send your lot# to A. Stern, 2001 St. Catherine St East Montreal.
treatment
proper d at once.
u
IDDLE-AGE)
women ea)
MEDICAL
TRAPPER# AND HUNTER#

STOPJPED QUICKLY — Backache, Headache, Rheumatic pains, Dis xlness, Smarting, Burning from Kijny, Liver, Bladder disorders
Soverlgn Brand Compound, large mailed postpaid.
CATTLE
JUST PUBLISHED THE TRAP» PER S GUIDE AND THE LIFE OF THE HUNTING SCOUT by LORENZO ALAIN This magnificent volume of 876 pages, first and only one of its kind 1» Canada, contains 192 Illustration» of fur-bearing animals and a great deal of advice on the war to met snares and traps. PRICE A2.00, postage paid. Address your %rders to LONDON FUR REO'D. ST. JOSEPH. QUEBEC. QUR GIVE IT AS A GIFT TO A FRIEND.

i
BUY HOLSTEINS NOW
WITH AN UNLIMITED DEMAND for Dairy products, now is the time to buy a good pure-bred Holstein bull or » few choice females, more
value with Holstein* Let our Fieldmen advise you where to buy. Write the Holstein-Frieslan Association of Canada, Brantford. Ontario.
Constipation Herb bottle
Write to-day. Windsor Drug Co., 3985 Seminole, Windsor, Canada.
MEED THIS ADVICE!!
If you're cross, restless mt I I suffer hot flashes, dizziness—caused by this period In a woman's life-try Lydia E. Plnkham's Vege Compound. Made especially women. Hundreds of thousands marks bly helped tlons. Made In C
the
of folly for any one lo
Juice
$1.00
NERVOUS-

I
You get more milk, fat and higher salvage
' British paratroopers in training "somewhere in England," descend in a dawn sky from twin-motored transport roaring away after dropping its live cargo during aerial invasion maneuvers.
table
entlrel your your tnonej
for
NATURE'S HELP—Dixon's Remedy for Rheumatic Pains, Neuritis. Thousands praising it. Munro's Drug «tore. *35 Elgin, Ottawa, Postpaid $1.00.
Follow label dime-
4
ISSUE No, 4-43


1
###PAGE###4###
I
THE EQUITY
ration board brown coupon* Non. 1 to l> the amount of butter on lut nil in relation to the number of i «entons m 1943 ! the household. For instance, a family •t ten person* might have AG pounds.
Bnstoi sih.., C.-.1..I...,. |	t,ïr“
the nine cover 4& pound* of butter each, and should also "inform the ration board that he has AO pounds on hand.
It there is no large stock ot butter hand but bullet U being made, then
hould be sent in each month the regular In list-hold eon-
I
In these days of limited quantities and restrictions make your dollars go
farther by buying
QUALITY MERCHANDISE”
that last longer
to cover
Jan. 28th
Shawville
* a
since
.humary 11th. 1943 Bristol School Commissioners met on
Present : Chairman Woods 0 rah am and Walsh.
above date
and Commissioners
The minutes of last meeting were read and on motion of Cmr («rxlnxm were adored.
Motion by Cu*r	.
Vine receive #2.30 per month for tiring No. 0, Sthool futnace and also that fee tor sweeping schools in this municipality be raised from $s.00 to $10.00 per
on
BUTTER CONSUMPTION
TEMPORARILY
REDUCED
coupons s lu cover sumption
Better Overalls—Carhartt, Peabody’s, Head, light and Goodhucs, $2.50 ; others at $1.79 and
$1.95
Men’s warm doeskin work shirts in maroon, blue, green, grex
Heavy All-wool Lumberman Sox, grey and black
$1.00 and $1.50
Long-cuff Horsehide Mitts $1 25 $1.50 and $1.75
Short Pullover Mitts, horsehide, chrometan, kanga-
reindeer tan, $1.00 to $1.50
Men’s
Walsh, that Wui
Butter Ration Reduced
,mu.	| A further cut in the butter ration
Motion by Cuir Graham that the,f#,r (Janiidians has l**cn announced by following bills be approved and	paid : —	the Wartime Prices and	Trade	Board.
Win Oir, work at So. 2. .	. .	M :>0	Originally the first 11	brown	coupons
W. J. Marks, work at No. 6.	1	:»0	were to have	given eash turnon 2}	lbs
,1 N. Rusaell, work, sp’ls No. I	27	Is*	from Dec. 21	to March il.
das Marks, cleaning No. 6	.	3	00	Vnder the	new order the last	two
Mrs. Win Miller, work at No 3	10	00	COui«ons are	rendered ineffective	ami
Pontiac Rural Telephone Co	only contins Nos, 1 to 0 can be use !
measage................... 1 4r>	Nos. 1 to t already	have	expired
Moyer School Supplies Ltd...	23 20	leaving five coupons for	the 5iext seven
Provincial Blank Forms Reg’d	13 os	weeks.
H I. Smith, paints, etc .......... 38	10
On motion of Cmr Walsh the meeting
adjourned.
and checks $1.50 to $1.75
It has become necessary to reduce the current rare
of butter, and accordingly change* have
consumption
been nyde in the dates on which (brown) spare C
of the current ration book may be used.
coupons
Spare “C" coupons 10 and 11 ma\ not be used for the purchase of butter. Coupons already expired.
roo,
Lined Driving Mitts* $1.00 $1.25 and $1.80
Jumbo Knit Sweaters» heather, maroon, blue
$2.50 $3.95 and $5.00
1 to 4 inclusive, have
Greek Isle a Tough One
For Commandos’ Tactics
H. L Smith, Sec-Trea*
5 to 8. inclusive
l'xpirv dates for spare C coupons have been extended to aid consumers in stretching out
If tiie Commandos landed on the tiny island of Antikythera, northwest of Crete, as reported, their landing was made on shores that offered nc sandy or gently sloping beaches.
bulletin from the National
Hanson’s AH-wool Work Sox in grey, white and red
50. 65. and 75 cents
Sugar for Home Preserve*
the flutter allowance over the period from now until
While the frost is still very obviously
on the pumpkin, steps are already being
taken by the ration administration of
the Wartime Prices and Trade Board to
to ensure that
February 28th.	,
I'.ulv coupon v\ ill continue to be good for the purchase of one-half pound of butter and will be good only the dates specified below:
says a Geographic society.
Largely a rock-rimmed mass, little more than five miles long and bulging in the middle to a maximum width of about two miles, its coastline is steep and rugged, and uninvit
Wright’s Genuine Smoketan Buckskin Mitts, short cuff, extra piece around thumb for extra wear
provide sufficient sugar I.
Canadian-grown fruit will waste
next Summer.
£=S-S-
iiStfttir
trmtastlicy mat.ue.	island's mids,u=.", :
land rises to more than 1.200 feet j above the sea. While the coastline is barren, much of the interior is
gill Slip
.Some difficulty is IHng experienced in taken fi .1. an ancient wink.
finding suitable substitute# for me.al containers, and, in addition, keekeepers supplies are subject to some restriction, especially where metals are used. Generally speaking, however, conditions reasonably favourable for a 1st get honey crop in 1943.
un
$1.75
00
?

r uQZfcSktÂ SS boys
HERE IS THE NEW SCHEDULE
/
(hhk! fur imrrliase Not good fur
l>urrha«e after
Coupon
Number
beginning on
X
\
\
February 28th
January 18th
The
”> and f>
<
s
S'
February 28th
February 1st
7 un.l 8
N.ft.Horner's old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE.
11 tli
1st March
Mart'll

1
Ihc result of this is to reduce each individual's allowance by 2 2'3 ounces per week during the
temporary period.
The Honey Outlook
CONSUMERS WILL FIND IT ADVISABLE TO RATION THEMSELVES SO THAT THEY MAY BE ABLE TO STRETCH THE NEW BUTTER ALLOWANCE OVER
THE NEXT SIX WEEKS
For Beautiful
Greeting Card Fan Had
\ Collection of 163,000
Cemetery Memorials
THE WARTIME PRICES AND TRADE BOARD
About 60 or 70 years ago. in the days of Queen Victoria, antimacassars and smelling salts, it was considered very fashionable to collect greeting cards. One man indulged the hobby so ardently that he ended .	,	,- up with a collection colossal enough
The «luestiôn of heavier hog# was dit- t0 g0 ^own in history. He collected	.
EEiÎEBl	! EE S55SH
¦P*™*
mm# mg# :####
Deputy Minister, Dominion Depart- Suppose you set about now gather- make use of both sides of the great ment of Agriculture. 'This is a sub jng typical greeting cards designed seal in the new design. While he slantial increase and the result is that	sent to service men. Eventu- accepts responsibility for that deci-
the Bacon Board is experiencing inert as- al]v vour collection will be a color- ' sion, he does not attempt to claim ing difficulty in obtaining the grade ol fuf r‘eCord of what the American , the idea nor to determine to whom bacon necessary to meet the terms ol people thought and felt and did dur- 1 the credit is due for first suggesting the contract. We now have a range of jng t|ie war	the use of the significant and his-
live weight beginning at 170 lb. and , As hobbies go, collecting greet- | torically important design, going up to 240 lb. whiifh ought to be ; cards would have one other star-wb'e enough to satisfy any producer. | thng advantage; it wouldn't run into It is too wide to produce the^ highest, money the way a lot of hobbies do
h; t. ¦ < m.
are
BR 7W
Write or phone
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
Heavier Hogs Not Wanted by Britain
‘The Enchanted Isles*
Known for centuries as “The F>
Phone,278
ESTABLISHED 1883
I N VALID
COACH
GEO. HYNES & SON
duced. The wild life is remarkable for its tortoises weighing up to 40V pounds and its sea lizards four feet long.
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
I
V^Shawville Oue.
Beginning of Republican P-xrty The Republican party started in 1854 as a third party. Farmers of the Northwest, who did not see eye to eye with either of the major parties of that day—the Democratic and the Whig parties—organized a
mÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊKKÊÊIÊUÊÊÊÊÊI^	.___.	, third-party movement and called it
.	•	! a™? and	departments. ||w R£publican partyi after the origi-
Unless	they	started collecting	, they use approximately twice a*	„al party of Thomas Jefferson. The
them themselves.	much soap as the average man out	Frec Soilers and the Abolitionists in-
of uniform.	dorsed the idea and, while not at
The quartermaster general s of- flr8t slrongi the party began to at-I
fice estimates the soap require-	tract s0 many groups that it
merits for military personnel at - -	achieved a position of importance
.	pounds per man per month, or 30	^^at it never again lost. While the
pounds a year. The consumption ol	young party’s first presidential can-
soap in the Inited States is 2o I didat«v John C. Fremont, was depounds a year on a per capita basis,	f6at<*d, It was successful with its
but this means all soap uses, inciud- nexl 0ne-Abfaham Lincoln, ing millions of pounds that enter
< into various industrial processes. I	——
Phone 80
*
Clean Fighters
Soldiers and sailors not only look
Cl--| uiuiicj mv way a iui ui nuuuirs uu.
w .	.	i. In some The minute word leaked out what
areas where there is an abundance of | you were up to, chances are all cleaner than most civilians, they
your friends would be saving their raally are cleaner. According to the greeting cards for you.	r	*	\
feed producers still persist in maiketing hogs- that are below the minimum weight. We have to date, satisfied the British with respect to the quality of this perhaps our most im|iortani product and we cannot afford to jeopardize our post war position by sending the British people heavy, fat bacon which they do not want, as was done in the last war,” said Dr. Barton.
TIME for REPAIRS
j-
Rudyard Kiplh;^
Rudyard Kipling was born in Bombay, India, December 30, 1865, the son of J. Lockwood and Alice Macdonald Kipling, and was educated at the United Services college,
Westw ard Ho, North Devonshire. He
To judge from the flood of inquiries was assistant editor in India on the
that still pour into Brices Board offices. Civil and Mihtaiy Gazette and Piu-	________________ ,	Sugar for Soldiers
there is still a good deal of confusion in | neer, from 18 ~ to 1 8. . In 1892 he	Recent announcement that the
the minds of fanners and their wives' married Caroline Starr Balestier, an	Colonial Oyster Fishing	government is buying sugar for the
who make butter about what they j American. They had one daug ter. Throughout the Colonies the new armed forces at the rate of 7,000.000 should do under tlie rationing system. He was rector or the L ntversity ° seltjers to oyster fishing with pounds a week is the latest develop-The firet thing should be to registei | St. Andrews 1922-!920; received tr.e 3UC^ enthusiasm that conservation ment of a practice that-began in with the local ration board as a pro-1 Nobel prize for literature 1D07; the measures were necessary even b* 1838. ducer. It butter i* made on the farm.	8°Id medal	of the Royal Society of	fore	Revolution.	In 1766 Rhode
whether lor home use or for sale, the j	Literature,	1 J2o, and honorary de-	jg|anc|	enacted laws	“for the preset-1	the	importance	of sugar in the	diet
farmer must register es a butter pr<« !	grees from	Mcum university, Ux	vat;on	0j the oyster" to keep the	by	creating	a	daily	allowance of
ducer. All that s necessary is to write »	ford, Cambridge, Edinburgh univer-	. coasla| beds from	being scraped	1.62	ounces	of	sugar	for each	sol-!
letter, giving name and address, an 1 ! plty» \ anp apd Strasbourg. His lame bare. Through conservation meas- ! dier in the United States army. This j and telling how much butter is produced | m stories and poems or soldier ures lhe oyster industry has become was raised to 2.4 ounces per day in and bow often	it’s made.	Every	butter-,	J1^ 8e8*arm8 adventures and jungle ! nation's	third-ranking fishing in-:	1361, and in 1898 to 3.2 ounces.	The
making farmer	should	register	by	Jan	I	^ ‘1£,d bec1I? "^norary lellow	^ugtry wilh	jts production annually	soldier's sugar ration became	four
31st.	____ ______ Magdalene	college, Cambridge.	va1ue<j at	bullion dollars Now	ounces a day in 1918. The daily ra-
since 1932. He lived at Bateman s	surpassed by the 3a|mor. and the	tion for the flghtin* troops in	1941
Burwash, Sussex, smgana.	jm-.a industries, oyster fishing once was five ounces, nearly a whole cof*
ranked first. *	fee cup full of sugar.
During the Winter months is the time to look over your equipment and have the necessary repairs made. Materials may be difficult to procure later in the year.
»
Position oi Farmers
We still have in stock a few articles in
ENANIELWARE
.
In that year, the army recognized

DALE’S TIMSHOP
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
A* to coupon»: if a farmer h* enough batter to faut his household f some time, he should send to his Icjjhi
i I



am
###PAGE###5###
PAGE (S) ABÎMEE (S)
Look Here
Service * Announcements
Check Your Separator !
- Repair Materials Rationed
Exceptional
Values
For Sale, Want», Found
Lost, etc.
Sunday, January 31st,
» #+
M 4
8HAWV1LL3 UNITED CHL FtVH Rkv A. F. Fonea ti. A., H.D. Pastor 11.00 a. m. Service at Shaw ville
St rvlee at Won Service at Statk’s Vor-
FOR SALK—A pair of matched Clvde mart*, rising 0 and T, Apply to W. R. Grant, phone 29-21, Campbell*
1.30	p. m
3.30	p. in
I
Bay
I
All kinds and types of equipment come under the new ration ing order. Certain product* are restricted more than other*. There may Le further tightening of such goods available, depending on material situation ; but regardless of the future, it is an accepted fact that right now every piece of usable machinery must be repaired and serviceable
ners
FOlt HALE—1 two-year old Clydesdale gelding ; one Clydesdale gelding, rising 5, sound, quick, true worker. Both bays with white marking*. Apply to John Dot», phone 23 - 13, Maryland, (jue.
FOR SALE— A cutter, will exchange for wood. Apply to Norman Doua, Maryland, Que
LOST—On Saturday night at the Shawvilie Skating Rink, a small gold wrist watch Kinder kindly leave at The Equity office.
Sermon Subject :	w .
“How trails become highways
Service at Shawvilie
In Coats, Sweaters and Windbreakers
7.30 p. m
Sermon Subject
Imports and Exports
10 per cent off Regular Prices
ANGLICAN
Hkv. K. C. Uoltox, BA., L.Th.
St. Paul’s
Sunday School and Bible class —10.00 a. hi.
Morning Prayer—11.00 a m. Evening Prayer -T SO p, in.
Holy Trinity ' •
Evening Prayer—3.00 p. in.
Qcod running Equipment should be given more care, and in that connection, we estimate, less than five |»er cent, of all Cream Separators receive regular care, thorough cleaning and proper lubrication. To day even repair parts are produced on a quota basis. Materials are rationed to repair departments unnecessary repair bills, plus delays, must stir up our customers to realize that these precautions must be taken for their own protection.
Men’s leather coats with fur collar, genuine horsehide, No. 1 quality with large detachable fur collar.
Men's leather windbreakers, plain and fancy trimmed, brown, rust, black, silk lined, zipper fasteners.
Extra good quality.
Men’s Heavy wool windbreakers, a good assortment of colors.
Men’s wool sweaters, fancy trimmed heavy quality brushed wool, zipper fasteners, small, medium
and large.
Boys’ heavy windbreakers. zipper fastened, fancy
trimmed, sizes 30 to~34.
Boys’ wool windbreakers in
garnet and grey, green and sand, blue and sand,
sizes 30 to 34.
Men’s Jumbo sweaters in brown, green and wine
$2.95 to $5.25
So that
FOlt SALE—Mie» used fur coat, Omni grey, size 16-18, 810 Camel hair coat, light brown, size 18-20, $12 ; Mies’ slightly used clean brown cloth coat, size 40-42, fur collar, $8 00r All coats are clean and have good lining# Apply to M n*. L Du no», 374 Clarence Street, Ottawa.
Ladies’
A good quality separator oil is the best investment any user can make. A tew cents for good oil, and a good clean-up j<»b makes any machine work better and operate like new. This should be done now, during the slack days. Check each part carefully and if new parts are required order now, and if you think the old machine will not stand the pace, place your order at once for a new RENFREW SEPARATOR Do not wait until the old machine falls down. If take* about ten days for an application form to go through the necessary procedure More we can place a new separator.
Nuktii Claresuos Pa wait Rev. P, R. Stotk, in charge
Ladysmith
Morning Prayer—10.30 a. tn
Notice—P»y placing your order now, we can obtain a milker for you for Spring delivery. Clifford Cone. De Laval.agent. Shawvilie, phone 30.
Greermoitnt
Evening Prayer—3 00 p m
Charter!»
Evening IVaycr -7.3° f ">	i F0R 8ALE CB RENT-Oood farm
North Onslow :	the township of Onslow. For further
Service at the home of Mr», m* I particulars apply to Mrs. Andrew Hendereson on Wednesday evening, | ^ool'EV, Shawvilie, Que Feb. Sal*
color combinations of

FOR BALE— A quantity of pressed
hay arid straw. Apply to Lvlk V. Hoioinw, Bryson, Que Phone 45*23.
Clarendon Oum i it Ukv. N T. Holmes. Pastor
Service at Radford—11.00 a. in Service at Bristol—3/*> p. m. Service at Y arm -7.30 p. in.
THE RENFREW MACHINERY Co., Ltd.
ONTARIO
LOST—In the United Church driving »hed, Shawvilie. on Christmas eve, brown leather halter and shank. Finder kindly leave at The Kqt ity Office.
RENFREW
Grocery Department
Bristol United Church
Lay Minister : —Mr. Leslie I>tan 1100 a. nu—Service at St. Andrews 81.5 p in—Sunday School 2.3U p. m.—Service at Knox
8.00 p. m
LEO R. KEON
Wilson’s Garage
Iu the interests of the conservation of fresh anil cnred meats for our armed forces throughout the Winter months, our Government is tiring that we display and sell
Tl\e Same Reliable Service
DISTRICT R E PR ES EN TATI V E
McKee - Quebec
— Service a; Austin
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
THIS YEAR
Ford Service

r
Start your chicks

Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
»,
We are pleased to offer the following selection, subject to goods being in stock :
FRESH—Herring, Fillet?, Silver Bright
Salmon, Headless Haddock, Head-on Haddock, Halibut.
SMOKED—Fillets and Kippers.
SALTED—Herring and Cod.
Ask for quantity prices on barrells and half barrell of Salt Herring. A good quantity always in stock.
SAW LOGS WANTED

mUBR/
J. Po Wilson
!

»
Mlain Street
Shawvilie Quebec
PI.fine 40
*
%
%
IPs good business, this year, to start your chicks earlier than ever. For good BRAY Chicks, see
>
We are in the market for all kinds
of Saw Logs
Cash paid on delivery
6
JOHN McCREDIE MARYLAND
%
WOOD WANTED
2,000 cords of 4-foot bodied wood— hard maple, beech, oak, iron wood and yellow birch. Write,
Special market for certain kinds
Democratic Party
The Democratic party claims origin from the earliest years of thir republic, Thomas Jefferson being its first leader and spokesman. By 1792 the term Democratic-Republican party was being used to designate the Anti-Fedefalists or those who believed that the government was becoming too centralized. After the first ten amendments to the Constitution, the “Bill of Rights,”, were added, this party ceased to oppose the Constitution. The next three Presidents, Madison, Monroe and J. Q. Adams, belonged to the party, which under Andrew Jackson in 1823 became generally known as the Democratic party.
J. D. MOODIK, Campbell'* Buy, Que
SPECIAL .NOTICE
I The Hedging Lumber Go-
A Car-load of No 3 Northern Wheat clue to arrive
Place your order early to
WANTED
about January 30th insure delivery,
Qualified bookkeejier, with experience.
State salary. Apply in
Steady jol
writing V
Box 145, S HAW VILLE, QCK
I
Vulcanizing
One-Tenth of Population Of Brazil Are Immigrants
Of Brazil's population of 44.113.0JO 1939, immigration accounted for about a tenth. Italians, Portuguese and Spaniards comprised about three fourths of all the newcomers from 1820 to 1937. German immigration began in 1847, Japanese in 1908.
m
Part of Fighting Equipment
Sugar is far more easily digested than starch. The average starchy _ foods take three or tour hours for
Pûmûtorv Donations	digestion, but the human body be-
^emeLeiy_7Ufl	• jg	jj lgins to utilize sugar from ten minutes t0 half an hour	has
been eaten. For this reason, sugar is an indispensable part of a fighting man’s equipment. Candy bars with a high sugar content are a part of the field rations of the United States army. In 1942, according to estimates of the Office of Price Administration, beet sugar, grown and processed in 19 western and middle western states, will for the first time be the largest single source of supply for the American consumer.
We have just installed two small Vulcanizers and can now repair minor breaks on your tires and large rips in tubes. Let us attend to all your tire troubles.
in the southern states of the republic, German and Italian are common languages. In Sao Paulo state the Japanese had their own schools. Hotels and shops lured trade with signs in the Japanese language.
Some German families of Rio Grande do Sul and Santa Catharina trace their origin to early days of German immigration and many of them have become citizens.
At Porto Alegre, 80,000 of the city’s 300,000 are Germanic. This city became one of the Brazilian hubs of Nazi activities in the Re-
Dempsey’s ’Long Count’	public.	.	,	__
This occurred in the seventh round , Up to 1933 Brazil had small cause of the fight on September 22, 1927, to complain of her German citizens.
mmm mmm
THt CORNER ST8Rt|	WS.FSkfB,
.s-,' æ^rsrs'r zz f, s
{referee was backed up in his action ousted German teachers and super-1 by the Illinois boxing commission, visors __	-
Dr D. J. Campbell, Treasurer of the village Cemetery Improvement I*and, acknowledges with thanks the following donation*:—
Bella and Lois Smiley..
Arthur CaHwell..........
John R. Corrigan -------
Mr. ami air*. J. G. Elliott
Clifford Horner ........
Mrs Chris Caldwell ..
Mrs. Leo Kelly .........
Mrs. A. W.Gsyler ...	.
BUCKLEY’S
MIXTURE
2 00
6 00
Try a new McCormic-Deering Cream
Separator now
It will put DOLLARS in your pocket
2 00
A 00 2 00
A reliable and effective preparation for the treatment of
ft oo
8 00 i
3 00
COUGHS
COLDS
and
BRONCHITIS
John R. McDowell, treasurer of tbt, Maple Groye Cemetery Improvement, Fund, acknowledge* with thank*, the j g following donations*—	/ ¦	¦
Ohas A, Smiley. ....... ••
Mrs. Sam Woods ........ •
Arthur Caldwell .........
Mrs. Donald Baker.........
Mrs. John Sinclair and family
Hodgins Garage
2 00 K
3 00

3 CO

2 00


!
3 00 i
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales

\ Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
\ Main and Centre Sts.
SHÀWVILLE
Phone 64
\



###PAGE###6###
PAGE (S) ABiMEE (S)

il
(
tho marne said unto me, Take up thy bed, and walk. They asked him, Who is the man that said unto Thee, Take up thy bed, and Rut he that was healed
| RADIO REPORTER
U. S. AND BRITISH PRISONERS, SAY GERMANS
By
REX FROST
V


»
t
iW, even
on a sunny window though the window must be kept closed? ... Is it possible to rais»
tree from orange
Here’s something for boys and girls who are studying or otherwise are interested in music . . . in fact here are two “somethings.” The first is the new Toronto Conservatory of Music programme heard every Sunday afternoon
ovtrH HHHm to 2.46.

v, ’it •
walk?
knew not who it was; for Jesus had conveyed himself away, a multitude being in the place. Afterward Jesus findeth him in the temple, and said unto him, Behold, thou art made whole: sin no more, lest a worse thing befall thee. The man went away, and told the Jews that it was Jesus who had made him whole, for this cause the Jews persecuted Jesus, because he did these things on the sabbath. But Jesua answered them, My Father work-eth even until now, and 1 work.”
Spiritual Soundness
The man's bearing of his bed was not a work by itself; it was merely the concluding act of his healing, that by which he should make proof himself, and give testimony to others of its reality. It $ lawful to heal on the Sabbath day; it was lawful then to do whatever was immediately involved in, and directly followed on, the healing. Our Lord is interested, first of all, in a man’s inner life, then his physical welfare._____I HHHHHMHI
infirmity, he wanted this man in all the days to come to reveal a spiritual soundness like to that of the soundness of the body which had now been given to him.
Final punishment for one who persists in sin is a worse thing than long years of weary miserable life.
»

%
an orange seeds? . . . Many of you gardeners who have listened to the Columbia radio series, “The Garden Gate,” heard Saturday morning* 9.30 over CFRB Toronto will have been interested in the discussion* which have been presented over a period of 9 years by a radio personality who calls himself “The Old Dirt Bobber.” It is now announced that in about a month’s > time he will offer . . . “The OH Dirt Bobber’s Garden Book," based on the Garden Gate radio series in which publication he will deal with a thousand and one questions which puzzle the mind of the amateur home gardener. No doubt he’ll tell you on the air when the book is published and how you can obtain your copy.
1

À»
k ^
CFRB, Toronto from 2.80 The objective of the is to help music




*
3

y
>
programme students in their examinations by demonstrating and describing the in which musical examin-
/
!

Artd

manner |
ation numbers should be interpreted. The programme is under the personal direction of Norman Wilks, Principal of the Toronto Conservatory of Music, and should be of great assistance to music students the Province-wide.
. The second is a special series of ten musical programmes for young folk commencing on Wednesday. January 20th, and continuing every consecutive Wednesday thereafter until March 24th, 8 Ulllll CBC network, which
3*

s
B

J
/
i


B
N

i
i
rS

i
ï ¦


%


> *
*
k
*
wu
S
i
'. v '

i
*
fie

j.
$
#



iW
Sooner or later it seems that the armed forces get them . . . Recently such prominent radio personalities as Geoffrey Wad dington, Vic George, Rai Purdy, Jimmi
p in. over a includes CHML, Hamilton, CKTB St. Catharines. CFCO Chatham, CKLW Windsor nad CBY Toron-This special radio design of Music for Young Folk has been announced in response to
call. War time restric-

* -vl
of American and British prise taken to the rear. Picture,
%

According to the Nazi caption on the photo above, it shows a group oners, captured during fighting in Tunisia, waiting under guard to b passed by censor, reached V. S. through neutral sources in Portugal.
to.
Healing him of his bodily
iia Shields, Frank Schuster Johnny Wayne have joined the services. We also hear tint CFRB's announcer, Jack Dawson, is slated for the Air Force at an early date. Also among the recent recruits is Fletcher Markle, young Vancouver writer, whose recent series “Baker’s Dozen” attracted nationwide attention, is now an aircraftsman jn the R.C. A.F. Markle turned aside a writing offer from the movies to joia up, and soon will be providing some of the Air Force scripts for “Comrades in Arms,” currently being heard on the CBC network Fridays at 10.16 Campbell, remembered as the Golden Voice of the Air, is now a pilot officer in the R.C.A.F. Truly radio is doing its bit.
an
and
*
walked. Now it was the sabbath on that day.” There is no commandment in the Word of God for the obedience of which Christ will not give strength in the hour of need. And there is no case of such long standing, so apparently helpless, but that Christ is able to deliver from whatever bondage, whatever habit, whatever doubt, whatever evil * may have taken possession of any individual. Why did our I/ord ask this man to take up his bed and walk, rather than to leave the bed there? Probably, as some one has said, that he might remove from the place of his long and fruitless waiting the very vestiges of a life of impotence and despair, so that he would never be tempted to go back again to the place where he had spent so many wasteful years. This man. walking out» with his bed, proved to all others who were assembled there that he was completely and instantly healed. In like manner, one newly saved by Christ is to reveal the reality of his salvation by living that kind of a life which before was ima life above
worst case of all those who were there, and, if men were convinced He could deliver this man from his infirmity, they would know the Lord could save any man from whatever disease or affliction possessed him.
The Lord never performed healing miracles in the Gospels automatically. He could have laid His hand on this man without a word, lifted him up and sent him home. He did not choose to do so. He first asked him a question. Then He commanded him to do something, and then, later, He gave a warning. He does not want this man automatically healed of a physical deformity. He desires that there should be an act of faith, an exercise of will, a transformation morally and spiritually as well as physically. So he asks him a question, ‘Wouldest thou be made whole?1 The man's answer showed that he was hopeless. It had become the established order of things with him that some one anticipated him. He speaks of it as regularly happening — ‘another steps down before me.' He has no friend spare time to wait beside him and watch for the welling up of the water.
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
emergency tiens of transportation have prevented the resumption of the regular winter series of Toronto Symphony Orchestra School Concerts in Massey Hall, Toronto, but Sir Ernest McMillan and his associates Interested in continuing these programmes, asked that radio should undertake the happy task of bringing these periods of fine music not to Toronto youngsters alone, but to school children throughout the province. Six will be studio presentations with leading soloists and instrumental groups demonstrating various forms of music and describing the types of instruments played. There will no doubt be much of interest also to adults, particularly music teachers, in both of the series of programmes previously mentioned.
I

January 24
JESUS THE GREAT PHYSICIAN
John 5
PRINTED TEXT John 5:2-17 GOLDEN TEXT.
>
Old-Time Winter A Tough Problem
Wouldest thou be made whole ? John 5:6. Memory Verse: The Lofd is my
helper. Hebrews 18:6.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
The Passover, April
But Folk Were Tough Too and Could “Take It"
Wish art
The spell of below zero weather was hard on the coal bin. on father and father's account at the hank, truly says the Loudon Free Press. It tested the plumbing and the furnace. It made housekeeping an all-day chore but It served to remind the old folk of the Winters they knew when they were young.
In those "good old days' our homes were cooler than they are now. We had not come to the stage of specialized insulation nor had we yet departed from the Quebec heater and the wood box. We wore heavy underwear and now and then we slept in our socks and slipped a sweater on when we got out of bed to tend the stoves.
Time.
A.D. 28.
Place.—The pool of Bethesds in Jerusalem.
“Now there is in Jerusalem by the sheep gate a pool, which is called in Hebrew Bethesda, having five porches. In these lay a multitude of them that were sick, blind, In It, w ithered.” When so many sufferers are brought together they impress us much more than when we meet them singly; we then see more adequately all the wretchedness, the misery, the broken lives that form the result of sin among men.
P
At the end of the First Great War there were 6,000,000 automobiles in the United States. When the present war started the number had increased to 32,000,000.

#
Should tomato vines be pruned? . Will houseplants bloom better
• •
* PIONEERS' BOAT
possible for him the level of the world, a life manifesting divine strength, a life in which the power of God will be manifest.
not one who would
19 Transposed (abbr.).
21	This boat landed at ------Rock.
22	Causes to cohere.
24 Errors.
26	Portions of medicine.
27	Mercenary.
29 Cabin.
31 Female fowl.
33 Bone.
35 Therefore.
37 Diplomacy.
40 Sweeping tool.
42 Pertaining to
Answer to Previous Puzzle
xiwiaitIh
horizontal
I Vessel which |h| j brought
colonists to |nf America.
9 It could a burden of r%
180 tons.
14	Needleshaped.
15	Native of Indiana.
17	Horse food.
18	Surfeits.
20	Quoits’ pin.
21	By.	,
22	Bearing cirri. 50 To cure.	3 Twelve
23	To card wool. 52 Pertaining to months.
25	Low Dutch	sound.	4 Offspring,
(abbr.).	53 Murmurs as a 5 Behold.
26	To challenge.	cat.	* To change into
28	Liliaceous tree 54 Regretted.	bone.
29	Homelike.	56	Opposite	of	in.	7	Fatigued.
30	Exclamation.	57	To peal.	8	Genus of
32 Rodent.	58 It brought the ostriches.
34 Graduated set -------fathers to 9 Company
of bowls.	America.	(abbr.).
36 Mien.	59	Some of	these 10	Tree
38	Small ox.	colonists had 11 Public
39	Knife wound. lived in —
41 Soft cap.	VERTICAL
44 Fiddler.	1	Mother.
48 Reverence.	2	Pained.

w
A
H
Those In Need
“And a certain man was there, who had been thirty and eight years in his infirmity.
Jesus saw him lying, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, Wouldest thou be made whole? The sick man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another steppeth down before me." into this place, where only the helpless came, but never one strong and well to encourage them, to investigate their cases, to attempt to heal them of their ailments, where none of the great of Jerusalem ever entered this group of forgotten men came, this day, the Son of God. It was He who had announced at the very threshold of His ministry that He had come down to preach the gospel to the poor; to heal the brokenhearted; to preach deliverance to the captives and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised (Luke 4:18). Why our Lord centered His attention upon one man in the group rather than upon all the men, or some other man, we do not know. This is the way of God’s dealings; some are chosen, some are not. One reason, no doubt, why our Loro focused His attention this day on this man was because he was the
pmo
RA
I
• “So the Jews said unto him that was cured, It is the sabbath, and it is not lawful for thee to take up thy bed. them, He that made me whole,
:
Meeting Our Needs
“Jesus saith unto him, Arise, take up thy bed, and walk. And straightway the man was made whole, and took up his bed and

R
LL
T
I
A
Our houses in those far-away days showed wide differences in temperature. Beside the stoves It was as high as 80 or 90. Close to the walls it was down to 40. In bedrooms it may have been lower. Going to bed was an adventure comparable with Hudson’s explorations in the Northwest Passage. The bed was the coldest thing at night and the only warm thing In the house first thing in the morning. Winter came In about Decern her 15 and stayed until April 1.
Yes. the old-fashioned Winter was a tough proposition. But so were the old-fashioned folk. They had to "take It" and they could "take it." They came out in the Spring pretty spry and began to store away wood and woollens for the next Winter. They would not have thought anything about our cold spell. Maybe we have grown soft. Maybe we are older. Anyway it was almighty cold and in our •estimation, distinctly old-fashion-
!=
DAL
HIA5TEN
When

g A QiT SOP
dMt ail BE
i
But he answered
i
N
[51
RM HIP w
poeHma
LOOPHg
uncle!
FOUR
iK
[S)
T
1

AT
Bi
By William Ferguson
THIS CURIOUS WORLD
I

R
H
NEE

I
L
HElR
A'C U
Off
HM4MIN061AOS
ONCE WERE BELIEVED BV MANY PERSONS TO BE 0O/SO/VO<4T AND TO CARRY
air.


43 Heavy club.
45	God of sky.
46	Footway.
47	Ell.
48	Epilepsy symptom,
49	Small bird. 51 Limb.
53 Chum.
into
4




%
disturbance.
12	To contradict. 55 Doctor
13	Year (abbr.).
16 Hops’ kiln.
(abbr.).
57 Plural (abbr.).
ed
IZ «
9
K>
r
H
A
<o
3
Z
I
Marine “Fed Up”
On Carrot Diet

15
16
«4
9
20
19
18
17
A
Mahlon G. Kastick. aged 18, ate his way into the U. S. Marines, and Is “fed up” on a vertain vegetable. Turned down when he tried to enlist because of color blindness. Kastick ate carrots tor four months until hê was able to pass the visual test.
4
Z
iz
TOMBSTONE
reads:
zi
BL\
\
27
Z6
%•
ém
5
9
7W*A/TY-
30
29

H. A. LEE
y
M

3
3Z

LISTEN TO
30
3t>
V


“COUNTRY
NEWS"
40

3

i*
ÎR
48
5
46 47

41
CAPITAL OF CANADA, IS
>N\
»
31
«
Items of Interest From Ontario Weekly Newspapers

m
<s-l
7
56
94
5
EACH SUNDAY AT 2 P.M.
$
ANSWER: Salt Lake City. , . . Approximately 150,000.

CFRB—860 on your dial
%
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—He Couldn’t Go That Far
ANOTHER
FELLOW
MY GIRL AND I DON'T
get along verv j
WELL, POP
YOU SHOULD HAVE ,
MUTUAL INTERESTS/
,tfL WHAT DOES
SHE LIKE

'//
I
I
\
/TV z,
»
I
9
i
H. A. Lee, who has been appointed general passenger agent for the Canadian Pacific Railway at Toronto, joined the company in 1913 at Boston, Mass. ; serving with the United States navy from 1918 to 1919. After working in the United States for 27' years, he was made assistant general passenger agent at Montreal in 1940. Mr. Lee will have jurisdiction over the Algoma district of the company as well as the Ontario district.

<
x
\'

#

1
4
• V


*

I
1
i RtlNMIl T* t’.HI MrMIOI», Imc )
J
###PAGE###7###

the ehellew ettpe te the dance | Pari» HoUSCwivCS
Find Little To Buy
floor.
Dr. Holliday, as he had freely admitted, wasn't a good dancer. He seemed to know only one step and it kept them turning around and around, but there was no place to go on crowded dance floor anyway. Enid gradually grew less tense. There wasn't much chance of anyone she knew spotting her in such a crowd, either.
The music sighed to a stop. “That calls for another one," the said and clapped his hands. Enid smiled enchantingly. was beginning to enjoy this
It was their second time around the floor that she saw Tom and Phil. They were seated at a table on the terrace, drinking beer and watching the dancers. She stopped abruptly and her stomach went cold. Dr. Holliday looked down at.
ini o-day, as always, the 'Saladd
IsËI label îs your guaran ies cfa uniform blend vfjtne quality has.
NO MORE FILLS MO POWDERS FOR IS..VOE UNCOVERED ALL-BRM!
French papers publish this time-table of a day’s shopping by a Paris housewife:
7.30	am.—To the baker’s.
There will be


Bought = some rusks at 11 o’clock.
Meat day, but the


vr
9 a.m ¦¦pi,
butcher says it will not be distributed before Saturday.
9.30 a.m.—to the dairy. They are expecting the cheese to come in at five o'clock.
/



"Better Way" to correct the cause of constipation due to lack of the right kind of "bulk" in your diet. But remember, ALL-BRAN doesn’t work like cathartics. It takes time. Oct ALL-BRAN at your grocer’s, in two convenient size packages, or ask for the individual serving pack-
Made by Kellogg’s in London, Canada.
Says Mrs. William Brady, Pardee, Ontario: "We have no more use for harsh cathartics! When we found out about ALL-BRAN we knew we'd never go beck to pills or powders any more. KELLOGG’S ALL BRAN is certainly the Better Way’!”
Why don't you buy KELLOGG’S ALL BRAN? Try ALL BRAN’S
dor
To the tripe shop. My
10 a.m
number, 32, will come up at 4
She
p.m.
10.30	a.m. — To the grocer’s. There will be some vegetables at
at restaurants
age
• SERIAL STORY
6 p.m.
11 a.m.—Back to the baker's. No rusks for my number, 32.
4	p.m.—To the tripe shop. One small chitterling sausage.
5	p.m.—To the dairy cheese arrived there early. There is none left.
5.30	p.m.—To the grocer’s. No vegetables. One lettuce head.
6	p.m.—Finished shopping for Results: Some bread, one
one lettuce head.
WHEN A GIRL MARRIES
wise to buy the kind which will give the most bone building mater- e ial for the money. Skimmed milk will not contain as much fat or bave as rich a flavor as whole milk. However, it is necessary for some to do without this fat and it does supply the food material for building teeth and bones. This can be used with a great saving oil the milk bill, if you can procure It. Skim 'milk should not be given to babies.
Evaporated milk is just as valuable as whole milk, and since most of it is irradiated with Vitamin D It is especially valuable In the low cost of food list, because in many centres in Ontario it is cheaper than whole milk at 12 cents a quart.
Chocolate milk is more valuable when it is properly made at home.
When there is a desire to economize, the children should be encouraged to have milk drinks instead of "pop." Soft drinks should never be allowed to replace milk in the child’s diet. They do not contain the material so necessary for the good health and growth of your child.
When buying cheese to supplement the milk diet, cottage or plain Canadian Cheddar are the most economical varieties to purchase.
Today Mrs. Economy and Mrs. Extravagance each spent about 50 cents on milk and cheese. Here is how each one spent her money.
Mrs. Economy 2 cans evaporated milk
2 quarts milk .........
% lb. cheese ...........
Lake-Built Sub On Way To Sea
BY RENE RYERSON MART
her
The
*>»»
"What’s the matter She pulled at his arm.
Let’s get out—of here.’’
she
expensively simple lines shivered when she thought how much she had paid for it, the jacket of her white linen suit, the white sandals and a pair of hose so sheer you couldn’t believe they were there. She swept her hair up swiftly into its simple arrangement. Then a touch of deep rose lipstick matching her nail polish, and perfume on brows and in the hollow of her throat—an evasive fragrance as delicate as the scent of wild flowers.
Her reward was the look Dr. Holliday gave her when he joined her in the hall, a look of admiration and acceptance,
"He really thinks 1 belong to his class," Enid thought as she settled beside him in the seat of the convertible. "I wonder how he’d act if he knew I was a $20-a-week stenographer off on a binge?" But she couldn’t feel sorry for the deception at the moment.
THE STORY: While Her fam-ïly is away at a lake resort, Enid Sharon, stenographer, has tahen a furnished apartment for ret vacation of her own. She nts some of the leisure and luxury that she misses at home, also wants to make sure of her love for Tom Driscoll, whom she has promised to marry told Tom she is going out of town on a business trip. At the apartment Enid ia attracted to one of her neighbors, handsome Dr. Henry Holliday
"I feel
faint
She didn’t know how white her
First Undersea Craft Ever Built On Great Lakes
face was
day sausage
He guided her to the steps and He didn’t release her arm until she was seated in the car. "Feel better now?" he asked anxiously.
She nodded her head
The U.S.S. Peto, first naval submarine ever built on the Great Lakes, has begun its long voyage to the sea.
Headquarters of the 9th Navi] District announced that the big undersea boat, more than 300 feet long, had entered the Illinois waterway on her way to join the United States fleet.
She will not be ready for action, however, until she has undergone extensive fitting out at New Orleans.
The Peto was built at Manitowoc, Wls., by the Manitowoc Ship Building Company. Her keel was laid June 18, 1941. She was launched last April 30 and commissioned November 22. Four more subs are In the water at Manitowoc and five
up.
Overseas Civilian Air Mail Cancelled
She has
"Yes,"
lamely. "I guess it was going too
and then
Air mail from Canada to civilians in Britain has been discontinued, postal authorities said la*t week.
long without eating dancing."
"I was enjoying it,’’ he said'
simply.
"I was too," she said quickly, "until—"
"Until what—"
She floundered. 4,Oh, nothing."
She could feel his keen glance on her face in the semi-darkness. But they were half way back to town before his warm chuckle broke the silence.
"What are you laughing at?" Enid asked in a small voice.
He chuckled again. "I’d give a lot to know who it was you saw that made you want to leave so suddenly."
She tried to be indignant “I didn’t see anybody. I told you I felt faint—” Her voice trailed miserably. He didn’t believe her. That was the worst of lying. You started with one little deception, and that made another and another one necessary. If she wasn’t posing as a stranger in the town she wouldn’t have to deny having seen someone she knew at the Del
SK*
young
i» embarrassed when the appar-mut bachelor U visited by his
Later Enid rescues the child from a vicious dog, is invited to snpper hy the doctor.
Airgraphs still travel by bomber, and so do as many as possible of the special blue air mail forme to men in the forces. However, a large percentage of these at present go by boat also.
A similar situation exists for mail traveling from Britain to Canada. There is only sufficient aircraft to carry about 10 per sent of the air mail, officials said.
At the same time, Postmaster General Mulock urged persons sending airgraphs to print addresses in large capitals at least one-quarter inch in height and to keep the addresses wholly within the panel provided for the address at the top of the form. He said this would prevent difficulty in sorting and delay in delivery. Typewritten addresses or handwritten addresses in small characters are difficult to decipher, delayinp sorting and mailing.
GOOD NEIGHBORS CHAPTER VIII
Enid couldn’t decide whether •he was glad or sorry about what she had learned, aa she undressed
for bed	HHIHH
divorced man, he was a free man. And yet—the feeling was so hazy that she h»d difficulty analyzing it—a divorce somehow' tarnished him in her mind. It was like seeing, unexpectedly, clay feet on a marble statue.
She pulled her thoughts up She was being very silly about it at all. What was
more on the ways.
For reasons of security, news of the Peto's departure was withheld until she had passed safely through the Chicago River and was on her way to Lockport, 111 will be eased into a great box, a sort of floating drydock, for her trip down the Illinois River and the Mississippi.
All tests for the Peto, including were conducted in Lake
If Dr. Holliday was a
e
e
Dr. Holliday took the river road. He had the top down on the car and above them the stars shone big and luminous, and were reflected in the still dark reaches of the river. As they drew near the Club Del Rio they could hear the dance music. Enid remembered the last night she had been there with Tom, the night they had run into Grace Dingline and Norma Senton from the office.
Dr. Holliday interrupted her thoughts. "Want to stop and listen to the music?”
Enid nodded her head in assent. He nosed the car into an empty space beside the high paling fence that separated the open-air dance floor from the parking lot. There colored band in the shell.
There she
sharply,
to thimc
it to her? Divorced or single, Dr. Henry Holliday was hardly likely to become interested in her. Asking her to stay for supper with him and his son had been only a friendly gesture of thanks.
It was Wednesday evening about 9 when her doorbell rang. When she answered it, there stood
He grinned at her
dives
Michigan, with compensation being made for the fact that fresh water is not as bouyant as salt
15c
•••••
24c
10c
water
49c
Rio
Defrosted
TABLE TALES
Mrs. Extravagance 1 can evaporated milk .
1 quart Jersey milk .....
% lb. cream cheese .......
"You haven’t got a. husband mislaid, somewhere, have you?” the doctor asked with a sudden change of voice.
"Of course not.” This time she didn’t have to feign indignation.
"I’m sorry,” he apologized. "About that letter to Sam Thornton. I’ll write it tonight and leave it in your mail box when I go out in the morning. You can get it when you get up.”
"Thanks a lot, Dr. Holliday, it’s kind of you to bother.”
"No bother,” he insisted, grin-and then teasingly, "Not
08c
The following incident is reported to have occurred at one of the Kaiser shipyards on the West
Coast.
Two Negro workers, fond of relaxation, were surprised to find themselves dismissed from the shipyard.
"Ah thought we were frozen on this heah job,” grumbled one as they reluctantly walked toward the gate.
"Well, we sure are defrosted now,” answered the other gloom-
14c
30c
SADIE 8 CHAMBERS
the doctor amiably.
"It’s too beastly hot to stay indoors tonight. I saw your light— 1 thought, maybe, you’d like to take a ride.”
Enid looked down at her paipt-smeafed frock. She’d been working all day, she hadn’t even been out for a breath of air. "I’d be glad to," she said shyly, “if you dont mind waiting until I dress.”
"Of course not,” he told her. "Just ring my bell when you’re ready.”
She fairly flew into her clothes. A black wool sport dress cut on
52c
MILK AND NUTRITION
If you are interested in Canada and the health of Canadians—and I'm sure that you are—you are urgently asked to take a very deep interest in what you are eating and in what you prepare for others to eat.
The following is taken from the literature supplied by the nutritional Supervisor of the Canadian
In addition to getting a larger amount of food to eat Mrs. Economy obtained 1% times the amount of energy, twice the material for muscle building and repairs,
1% times the material for bones and teeth, twice the material for building good blood.
If the parents in the home drink a little milk each day there will seldom he any trouble in getting • "Johnny” and "Mary” to drink their milk too.
was a
and they were concentrating on wailing blue*. The twisting, writhing mass of dancers seemed to like them. There was hardly standing room left on the floor.
Dr. Holliday motioned for service to a pert waitress who had just brought a tray to the next "What will you have?” he
Gai-
ning,
Doctor Holliday, please 'Hank’ to my friends.”
She tried to say, "Thank you, Hank, lightly, but her
ily
asked Enid.
She smiled
mind reader.	IHHIHlii
that I hadn’t had any supper.” "Why didn’t you tell me? We’ll inside and order a steak.” "No. A sandwich is all I want. It’s rather silly, isn’t it, to forget meals.”
He gave their order to the waiting girl and turned back to her. "If I’m not being impertinent— what made you forget?”
"Oh, I was busy painting.” “That’s right. You told me you fashion artist. By the way,
Red Cross.
Milk Is one of the most important foods because it furnishes the material which is necessary for good bones and teeth, and it also helps to safeguard the general health. Canadian doctors in the
Food for Health in
It’s
"You must be a
I just remembered
NICE ENOUGH
then,
tongue stumbled and suddenly her eyes brimmed with tears. 1— turned and ran blindly into the building before he could say a word.
Mis* Ihumlim welcomes personal
letters from Interested readers She Is pleased to receive suggestions oa topics for her col u me vs ready to llstee to your * : pet " Requests for recipes or meows are la order Address
go
She
pamphlet Peace an* War” advise us that every child should have at least 1% pints of milk each day and each adult at least M pint. l>oes your family have this much milk? If you are not using that amount start today to plan for more milk in your menus if you wish to have your children grow into strong, healthy adults.
Cheese also is another form of milk which contains in large quantities material for the muscles. Cheese also has a pleasing flavor which makes it valuable for combining with other foods such as macaroni and rice. When served with these it helps to take the place of meat. One pound of cheese is equal to approximately 3 quarts of milk.
There are many forms of milk on the market today. Here are some of them—Whole milk, skim milk, powdered milk, Chocolate milk, Homogenized milk.
When you are buying milk it is
âkfyolarttrip
Value $750.00. and cash award» for original musical compositions. Canadians of either sex under 23 years on March 1 *1943, the closing date for entries
Junior Division open to competitors under IS who do not qualify for major prises.
For entry forma and full Information apply CANADIAN PERFORMING RIGHT SOCIETY LIMITED, Royal Bank Building, Toronto.
our letters tu “Miss Sadie n re, 7Î1 Weal Adelaide Street, Tercet o." Seed stamped self-add envelope If you wish s real#
m ~ 1
K
(Continued Next Week)
rm
Wartime Nurseries
Relieve Mothers
I
Part Time Opportunity For Intelligent Married
Women
V
were a
have you landed a job yet?”
Enid shook her head. "No—I’m not having much luck.”
He considered for a moment. "I might be able to help you. Sam Thornton, head of the advertising department at Lilley’s, is a good friend of mine. Would you like a letter to him?”
"Would I?” Enid echoed fer-

A
Twenty-five thousand children are being cared for in 644 wartime nurseries In Great Britain. 70 of them in London, and 700 more nurseries will soon be opened.
Mothers of young children are not high-pressured Into industry, but many want to work, partly because they are eager to help defeat the Germans, and partly because—notably ' In the case of the wives of soldiers—they And it hard to live on their allowances.
For about 20 cents a day the tots are cared for by skilled nurses and teachers. They are well fed and receive medical attention. The 20 cents does not pay for all care, the balance of expense being borne by the Government.
Married women of above average intelligence residing in small towns or rural districts are wanted for two or three days a month helping conduct surveys of public opinion on important questions, including war subjects, brands of products used, reading habits, radio listening habits and so on, for Canada’s oldest 'and largest survey company. Salary. : No selling. • For complete details write :	, «


À
Improve Your Health by Correcting Sluggish
i
vently.
"I’ll write one when we get back,” he promised. The band glided into a hot rendition of "Blues in the Night.” The doctor hummed it lightly under his breath. Impulsively he turned to her. "Let’s dance, this one.”
"Oh—I don’t dance well.”
"All the more reason to dance with me,” he said cheerily. "I’m
not a professional either.”
see
KIDNEYS
Tte Wary h Swifl, Economical
Few conditions can wreck your health faster than disordered kidneys and ed bladder. Your beck aches bly. You have restless nights. You
____kg cramps and rheumatic pains.
When these things happen your kidneys meed help in Altering out acids and poisonous wastes that are undermining your health.	;
Give them this help-quickly—with GOLD MEDAL Haarlem OU Capsules.
GOLD MEDAL Capsules contain accurately measured amounts of the original and genuine Haarlem OU (Dutch Drops). You wiU be gratefully surprised at the way they relieve clogged kidneys and Irritated bladder/
Get°,OUr	fTœLDMEDÏL
Capsules.	*
CANADIAN FACTS,
11 Jordan Street, - Toronto
t
A
10 TIN OF LYfn0
m
Vi
India Increases
Food Production
He was not to be put off with casual excuses, Enid saw. Rather helplessly she let him help her out of the car and lead her around to the front entrance of the dance
HHPH|BHHHH
dance tickets, and they went down
%
f
1

India now produces canned cheese, compressed vegetables, dehydrated potatoes, essence of chicken, dried fruit and other processed foods to add variety to the diet of the soldiers stationed there, it is disclosed in New Delhi.
About 4,000 tons of dried fruit and 300 to 400 tons of canned cheese will be supplied. Production has been stepped up to 23,000 tons of dehydrated potatoes. India can meet a demand for 60,000 rennet tablets a yea1,000 tons of compressed vegetables, besides 2,500 tons .of margarine, and 5,000 tons of "golden syrup” new industry replacing the imported article.
2630

He bought a strip of
« SIZES 6-1+
For Either School or Sunday Best
By Louise Lennox A darling frock for a girl; but simple and well-cut that it’s to make, and suitable for almost any fabric, from washable* to light-weight wool or rayon.
Style No. 2630 is designed for sizes 8, 10, 12 and 14. Size 8 requires 1% yards 35-inch fabric, with % yard for belt
Send twenty cents for pattern to Room 421, 73 Adelaide St West, Toronto. Write your name, address and style number. v _ sure to state size you wish.
Be sure Ilaarlem Oil
WITH
EVERY PURCHASE OF
I
I
|
LYMOID

/
7/
Bronchial Ease Cough Syrup

/
z
«I
*a\v
#
f
t> your druggist today. See the big value offering . . . a 10c tin of Ly mold a FREE h purchase of Lymold Bronchial Ease
M
A


with


Gough Syrup
a grand free opportunity to become
________ted with Ly molds . . . the tiny pellets
lor quick and convenient relief of hoarseness and coughs . . . and also benefit by the soothing effectiveness of Lymold Bronchial Cough Syrup In colds, bronchitis and t Irritations.
rmber. Lymold Bronchial Bate Couth Syrup cotta 45c. Ly molds coat 10c. >ou get SSc value for 45c
Oellsktfel bedroo
a-

PS ... 4 ski-tows, ski St *iool, pro-
slvlgh-rlde
Write fer . restricted cllen-Heney, Mgr, Ste. A de le en Haut,

Instruction.
feaaloaal parties, skating rlak booklet, rates . . tele • • i C* W»
A dele Lodge, Ste
<
ISSUE No. 4—43

Bp
SEE YOUR DRUGGIST TODAY
b
!\Q.
V
1
###PAGE###8###



!
¦ W « 1
y U. S. Minister Dies Suddenly £ in Ottawa

wo


Arriving Soon

a m©ir ©b to©
I*
Mo tV it,
Ï ty rivrrvyiom
it itv* Minitel
-rvvnm Canada died a residence.

\
I VllitntS

I

!
1 1
>

\
wooooo
OOxWx
M
11y in
kî ac a iline j t. id fully re* J formed i
>

iW
<
l
'# ! A I
to
Car of Barley, Oats and Wheat
Special price off car
: V:f

1
X Vi ed 11 Villi U1 o|K
ut t hrvv weeks tg «
vho t
!


I
'
to
P
13. 1010, xx*» 4
X \
arrive soon, farmers supplying own bags.
1
H
;
II

K Mtuxx a .1 m
« i>U>.
Tuiy

l!\


iii
il
%


l
A complete stocK of Purina Chows always on hand ; also 1st and 2nd Patent flours
Protein concentiate supplies are limited, so we advise
available.
We carry a full line of Purina Sanitation Products
\
in
I I
l

l Mr
1
vr K

M
1
£ M
H
lull
wl
lit
tri
it

1


his

A
111,1
>:
79
buy now when these are
'
&

I
Æ
to
%
CARD . OF THANKS
From 1939 io 1942, our wage bill Increased from $4,511,433 to $9,379,203, due to additional employment given by the war. But also because the average hourly earnings of plant employees, inclusive of cost-of-living bonuses, ore 33.2 per cent higher than in 1939.



/
J. Jeffrey wish to ex tlmnk< to their friend* \ to Rev. J. Weaver, f.ir their tokens <»t ! sympathy in their recent
1 M
M
v

v
tend in*utf $ ’ \nd neigh f 1 and Mr<
V kindnes* » hereivenu
• »ur> an We ivor.
a
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
I

V

af#



3BÉ
Mr*. Vint
The family of the lut
Mayhew desire to exprès* their heartfelt thanks to their kind am and expressions of sympathy in their recent bereave ment.
1942
1939
'
I
1
1
WANTED
i
i
a#
I
IN MEMORIAM
I
In loving memory of our dear son, Murlinc Smiley, who pa««cd away, Januiry 1037.
Its lonesome here without you,
And sad in*l long the way ;
Life has not been the same to us.
Since you were called away.
Though absent from u* yet ever so near, Vnseen by the world he walks by our side,
Vml wliisp-.-rs “my tletr ones I Vith cannot divide !
Solly missed by
Parents Mr. and Mr*. Emei> m Smiley
I
In THE same period, our income foxes rose from $244,514 to $8,000,000. The fox load is now 32 times what it was in 1939.
Large quantity of
i
RAILROAD TIES
i
c

!
1942
1 9 39
Write or telephone
3,188 shore- DIVIDENDS
Dividends paid to the
holders who own the company, remain of the some level as in 1939 — $1,485,842.
.:. M. ARGUE
Washline Is Longer
When Industry Hums

The American people used last year, according to the dvpartmei.t of agriculture, 11 billion pounds rl fats and oils from animal and vegv
Fidelity to detail is a character- ^me record, but the department': :stic of American women which is bureau cf agricultural economic A making them more important every predicts that it will be excecdet day to the nation’s industrial war ring 1942. Of the 1941 total, 2,31’ front, says Dr. F. Theodore Struck, million pounds were used to mak 'director of industrial education at SOap,-and about three-quarters o ufi the Pennsylvania State college. these soap fats and oils came fror, Dr. Struck, who has made a study American farms and ranches. Ir.
1942
1939
Women War Workers Tops For Detailed Operations
Mrs. Chas Mayhew Dies at Otter Lake, Que.
an a
M i y lie xv «I rtxv iv
Le* L i 11 W
i long iilnu?-* i
Lik
Mt
LlVIl'
BlTi'que. |)* ne^ilay 2»Mih, ;ti
lier hom*
:ign of 73 year
She i- *urvivi‘il by «me «l uightei and -even -un- : Mr*. A. tmiiiii. <
Ottawa ; Uli*4. Mnyhew, of 1 > ! i-	.	. .
tol township; Havry Mayliexv, of of vocational training for war pro- edible tallow, from cattle and sheep, Chat tel i* :	Merman, Malcolm, duction, believes that this quality accounted for more than a billion
Joseph. Noble and NVm. M tyhew, in women is spurring the efforts of pounds. Other impressive amounts all of Otter Lake : 12 grand child- American industry where women frorn domestic agricultural sour ren ami five gieat grandchildren, can replace men in war plants.
Women are being absorbed by | industry more rapidly now than at a comparative period in the first her p is tor, ll^v. L Kmard, ot the' World war and on the whole, this French Baptist Church, in the] presume of a Urge congregation
made in the church cemetery, the pall beaters being Me-srs John Anderson, Geo.
McLeod, Adolphe Ziminetling,
Theodore Hahn, A, Gouin and H.
Lance.
DOMINION TEXTILE CO, LIMITED
!
it the
it Ott
% 'r
' MONT REA L C? CANADA
24.737,000
3,010.000
were:	soy bean oil
pounds; cottonseed oil pounds; corn oil, 4,948,000 pounds; peanut oil, 597,000 pounds.
While supplies of tropical oils, especially coconut and palm oils, will be greatly reduced by the war in the Pacific, the bureau declares that production of domestic oils and inedible tallow for soap making will be considerably larger this year as a result of Secretary Wickard’s appeal to the farmers to plant more oil-bearing crops and raise more fat-producing livestock.
Our consumption of soap last year was the largest on record. The bureau attributes this to “sharply higher industrial activity and consumer income In 1941.” Statistics show that our use of soap rises in war time. There is more need of
Mi ». Mayhew wu« n life long re. J s blent of the Otter Like district-
inducted by
French Guiana Noted for
Notorious Penal Island
Clean Homes Arc an Aid To U. S. Civilian Morale
Belgian Congo Capital Is Marvel in Jungle Center
Mention of the Belgian Congo presents a mental picture of impenetrable Jungle, wild beasts, and natives who feast on human flesh.
There are jungles, wild beasts, and tribes still inclined to augment their bill of fare with an occasional tribal enemy or unwary traveler in ..	_	.. ,	, the vast Belgian colony, but the
to admire and enjoy ihe shining American soldiers just arrived at cleanliness of his own house.	Leopoldville will be amazed that the
Nevertheless, quite aside from the colonjal capital is a modern city pride that every normal woman a normal population of 30,000. takes in having a pretty and at Three hundred and fifty miles up tractive home, it is certainly much the Congo river, the soldier boy worthwhile while the husband is from Keokuk or Kalamazoo will find away to keep standards high, for lhere electrically lighted streets, this is a demonstration of morale paim fringed, and lined with brick which has not only present but fu- a^d cement buildings. Invited to ture advantages as well. Keeping dine in a Leopoldville home, he will household articles clean and orderly pe cooled by electric fans, and preserves their beauty and useful- served food from an electric refrig-This means that when the | vrator. is over and husbands return
Thu tu lierai
Before the war, gold, sugar, rum, hides, fish glue, and various woods were exported from French Guiana, South America. The banana market was expanding maize, sweet potatoes, and cassava, for the most part consumed their products themselves.
In a move to open up the interior the French government, in 1930, made the hinterland a separate territory, named it Inini, and left its supervision to the colonial governor. Development was made difficult by the lack of good roads and navigable waterways, and by the dearth of workers able to stand the heat.
.	.«	,	, ,	,	French Guiana is best known as a
soap when the nation is hard at p^^al settlement. For almost a cen-work, not only to remove the ^nme |ury convicts have been sent from of industrial labor but also to mam- France to the Guiana mainland or tain high cleanliness standards as a tQ one of the penal isles off the health measure. It has been found also that soldiers and sailors use
| rapid induction reflects a deep and 1 abiding concern for the welfare of the country,” he said.
Millions of women, according to the college expert, are presently engaged in highly important war work, such as making munitions, loading bags of powder, assembling radios for aircraft, making and repairing gas masks, and inspecting manufactured parts and products.
Invaluable to the war effort be cause of their health, staminap courage, and devotion, women are especially essential in checking minute parts. They are sometimes better fitted than men in concentrating on highly detailed and repetitious work, according to Dr. Struck.
As inspectors in plants, checking intricate parts of machinery and in- j struments up to two-millionths of an | emergency.	inch, women have proved their abil-
Total loans of $4,981 have been qy £)r struck pointed out. He add-rr.ade to students. With $10 named ecj	“their desire to take re*
ns the highest loan, students borrow Sp0nsibility and do their part' is , money from this fund to meet emer- strengthening Uncle Sam's supply gency needs for food and room rent, jjncs
special visits home, job interviews end medical expenses.
No interest is charged and no time is specified for the payment of such a loan. The only requisite is that a student must need the money to tide him over an emergency. Up to and including August 31, 338 students have borrowed 524 times from the fund.
Nearly two-fifths of the loans were made to men and women who needed money for food and living expenses. Graduation expenses, books and shoes, eye glasses, clothes, and personal reasons^were other necessities which brought the student to the emergency loan fund.
Donations, many of them from alumni, faculty, and undergraduates, have increased the fund to its present status of $2,367.
Because of the absence of husbands who are in the military services, some young homemakers, particularly those without children, may think it not worth while to “bother with the house.” Dusting, sweeping, and washing may seem less necessary when the head of the house is not coming home each night
Interment was
Growers of
Unknown Donor’s $5.00
Is Start of Loan Fund
A $5 banknote, left anonymously upon the doorstep of the president of the Pennsylvania,State college two years ago, has increased its value almost 1,000 times.
With that banknote as a starter, Mrs. Ralph D. Hetzel, wife of the president of the college, established a loan fund which is available to students when they need it in an
coast. Devil's island is a green bit H of tree-capped land about 27 miles considerably more soap per capita from thc mainiand. It was reserved than civilians
ness
war
The capital is the nerve center of they will find well-conducted house-1 the colony's economic life. Eastern holds, well cared for and doubly | terminus of the recently established attractive after barrack life
for political prisoners sentenced to . life imprisonment. At times it has ! held less than a dozen convicts. Its i ill-fame has been epitomized in its other name, “the dry guillotine.”
trans-Atlantic plane route from Mi-Accustomed to strict militaryIami, Fla., it also has air connec-standards of cleanliness, which arc tion with every commercially impor-very high, the boys, furthermore, tant colonial settlement. ,	-
will come back home extra-sensitive Usefulness of the air service is to dirt and disorder. They will cer apparent in the quantity of gold and tainly expect to find clean and well- diamonds shipped from Congo kept homes and furnishings. Noth- mines by plane. Falls in the seeing else will seem quite right. tion of the river between the city Thus, while it may not be as and the Atlantic outlet drop the wa-thrilling to keep house while THE ter level 800 feet and balk steamer is off to the wars, nevertheless navigation. North of the city the to do it carefully is certainly one Congo is navigable for more than a very real way of keeping home fires thousand miles. The colony spreads burning. Keeping house well, is over an area alirvost one-third as keeping faith with the future, and large as the United States. In square with the boys who are fighting to mileage it is roughly equivalent to make thc future secure.	| the aggregate of Texas, Arizona,
New Mexico, California, - Nevada and Montana.
Vichy’s ‘Devil’s Island’
Military Question Mark
French Guiana, Vichy controlled. ! again becomes a political and military question mark with reports that Devil's Island, notorious penal station, and other strategic islands are being fortified, and reserve offi- Pouce facilities of i- Cd.ifoinia
cers and doctors are being called cities have been pooled under a mu-to the colors.	tual aid plan designed to assure the
Forming a part of the northeast cities adequate protection in event
coast of South America, French Gui- °* a war emergency, ana is next door to Surinam (Dutch Each city in the agreement mam-Guiana) where United States troops tains permanently in reserve at least were sent several months ago to one “police unit ' of one automobile, safeguard valuable aluminum de- one regular police officer and five posits from enemy seizure or sabo- auxiliary policemen. Each unit is tage	placed at disposal of and subject
Guiana has been so tittle known to emergency call of thc law and or-that the region's name was once der co-ordinator of the county civil-
confused witn Guinea on the African ian defense office, coast, and the small South Ameri- Purpose of the mutual police aid can rodent was named the guinea agreement by the cities, ail in San pig by mistake. The association of Mateo county, suburban peninsula Cayenne, French Guiana's capital, area south of San Francisco, is to with red pepper is better founded, create a reserve supply of police
To Dakar, French port in north- facilities to meet any local police west Africa, the distance across the emergency arising within any of the Atlantic is about 2,200 miles. To communities or within any war in-the Panama canal by air from Cay- dustries or installations in the
enne is about 1,700 miles.	county.
Tropical, mountainous and heavi- The 12 cities are Atherton, Belly forested except for the coastal mont, Burlingame, Colma, Daly lowlands, the colony has lagged be- City, Hil thorough, Menlo Park. Red-hind thc adjacent British and Dutch wood City, San Bruno, San Carlos, ^¦¦¦1 j ¦	San Mateo and South San Francisco.
Combined population of the 12 cit-
March 17, 493
March 17 is the traditional day or which St. Patrick died at Saul (Sab hal), County Down, March 17, 493. at the age of 106. He was buried at the chieftain’s dun, or fort, two miles outside the town parts, it
priests and people gathered around his tomb to honor the venerable fa ther of their faith. For more than 14 centuries, this spirit of reverencing the memory of Patrick has survived in the hearts of Irish men and women in every part of the world The greatest of St. Patrick's miracles was driving the venomous reptiles out of Ireland, and rendering th< Irish soil, for ever after, so oh noxious to serpents, that they dit on touching it. Colgan seriously re lates that St. Patrick accomplished this feat by beating a drum.

12 California Cities Pool Their Police for Defense

From al is recorded, bishops
man

Homesteading in Alaska
A circular from the General Land Office, Washington, D. C., states that in order to make an original homestead settlement or entry in

The Chicago Fire
P^PUPPI^mPlThe great Chicago fire burned tor< Alaska, the applicant must be 211 two days and nights, October 9 to 11, years of age or the head of a family, 1871. The flames started in a bam ¦citizen of the United States or owned by Patrick O’Leary at 187 have declared his intention to be- DeKoven street, either from spon-come such a citizen and not the own- taneous combustion in the haymow er of more than 100 acres of land in or to the carelessness of persons the United States, except that a smoking in the barn. , homestead entry made in the Unit- The fire burned over 2,100 acres, ed States outside of Alaska is not destroying 17,500 buildings and causa qualification. Full information ing 250 deaths. It destroyed almost may be had by writing to the Gen- a third of the city’s property—nearly eral Land Office, Department of the $200.000,000. Nearly a quarter of the Interior, Washington, D. C., or to | inhabitants were rendered temporarily homeless—70.000.in a population jf 321.U09

Good Tools Necessary
Good tools are necessary for the economical production of fuel wood, foresters of the department of ag riculture say. For felling and bucking small-sized material, the new type saw with a tapered blade held under ten&n in a light tubular steel bow is very good. A splitting maul which combines sledge hammer and blade is handy for splitting cord-wood. For bucking large-sized material, the gasoline powered drag-saw works very well, while for cutting wood to stove lengths the "buzz” saw is a most necessary tool.	-	;
a
Electoral College
Under an amendment enacted b\ the last congress the electoral col lege shall meet the first Monday aft er the second Wednesday in Decern her to canvass the popular vote. .* joint session of congress at whiel the electoral vote shall be canvass*, and the President and vice pros dent declared elected shall he he! 3n the sixth day of January, tbt« Jays after the new congress to* •venes.



Guianas in commercial and industrial development. With only 8, __ or so acres cultivated, stimulation ics is around 85,000 as compared to of the use of land has been a per- total county population of approxi-slatent government problem.
mit
any of the United States district Land Offices in Alaska.
•nately 112,000
m

