###PAGE###1###
ERREUR(S) DE NUMEROTATION

F «


No. 4t ôOtii Yi ah
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, JUNE 25tb
1942
Bahkkt Picnic—Under the bum. pices of L. O* L No. 05, Charteris, m banket picnic Will be held in Mrs
John Greer’s grove. No*th Claren- At Pontiac Community Hospital don, on Saturday, July 11th.	Shuwville, on Friday, June 10.
Refreshment booth# on the 1042, to Mr. and Mrs. Garnet ground#,	Wiggins, of Kimwide, a son.
BIRTHS
Another ( 1 anre llllllllll I I uispices of Shaw ville young peo pie, for «mokes for the boys over seas, will be held at the Theatr* hall on Monday night, June 20th Admission, 35 cents, 15000 cigar etts were sent with the proceed-of last dance.
th
under
GOVVLING
BUSINESS
l
House Cleaning Time
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa Ontario
Tbi*old reliable school has removed to large and finer premises. The finest and most modem in Ontario Attend a school with an established reputation Open all year.
A strawberry supper entertainment will be neldl I Anglican church grounds at Portage dn Fort, on Thursday night,
June 90th. Slipper served from 5.30 to 8.80, followed by a musical program, and other feature*.
Admission, 25 cents.
Mrs. Wra. John Horner received word this week of the death of her cousin, William Ferdinand Richardson, at a Saskatoon hospi- |
îtetïMaUMt I personal mention
years ago, residing tor some time. M	1* -
at Charteris, and had been resid- Mrs. Margaret Fyfe, of Ottawa, ingin the West for the past forty visited friends in town over the years. He was a railroader for 491 week.end. years. Surviving are his wife and seven children.
and an on the
DIED
is
Presentation
Roonby— Died at the home of hi* «on, Joseph Rooney, at North Bristol. Sunday June 21st, William Rooney, aged 9i years. Funeral was held Wednesday afternoon at two o'clock to the Penticostal Mission, at Bristol Ridge.
Painting Time
See our stock of
Sherwin-Williams
The pupils and a number of puents met at the Murrell's School picnic and presented the teacher, Miss Muriel Horner, with a bean tiful satin bed throw and pillow cases to match.
An appropriate address was read by Mrs. Kenneth Pirie, the presentation being made by Miss Grace Nicholas.
W. I. COWLING President
N. W. BRAITHWAlTl
Principal
JAMES A. MILLAR
B.'A. iL. L. L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc,
129 MalnlSt..Hull, Que.
Al Moyle’elHotel, Campbell'. Bay ewery Wedne.day morning
Al Ponliac House, Shew aille
Wednesday at Noon
Statistical Report of Pontiac Community Hospital
Paints and Varnish Cold Water Wall Tinting Enamels and Stains
also see
Our New 1942 Wallpaper Book
Mr*. W. G. Howard and little daughters are visiting their fela tives at Petawawa.
- FOR MAY
Hospital Days Adult, semi private .
“ private........
“ indigent.......
Nursery ...........
Farm Home Burns
Mr. Wm. McKinley* of Montreal, spent the week-end in town with
405
Fire of an unknown demolished the farm home of and Mrs. Ewart Hodgins. in the Charteris section oil Thursday
¦I	¦
The blaze broke out suddenly in I Mrs. Douglas McLean, of Otta , n ..	.
the upper part of the house, which wa, was a week end guest of her	average
was of log and clapboard construe* | cousin, Miss Ina McDowell,	¦	* infant average
tion, and only the contents of the ground fiorr could be saved.
Trucks of the Shaw ville Creamery lushed to the scene loaded with water as well as many real"
dents of the neighbourhood, but Mrs. Wm. Wharrey and daugh-little could be done except confine ters. of Ottawa, spent the week the blaze to the doomed building, end at their old home at Stark's
The loss i* partially covered by | Corners.
origin | friends
2
5
Pfce. Gordon Btllantyne of Bar rietield, Ont., spent the week-end with his wife at Wyman.
148
500
Total
13.3
HARLAND o. ROWAT
notary public
Graduate of McGill UniverMty
SNA WVILLE, QUE.
4.8
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
-• Estate C. J. Caldwell f
Mr. Wm. A. Hodgins, of Ottawa,
L;ïK* avtir,
1 M	minor
births plaster
Total daily average
18.1
8
«
strong
12

3
J. OSCAR IAFIAMME, K.C
24
Advocate Barrister Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell's Bay, Quebec (In! Lawn Block)
Ac. Eddie Jardine, R. G, A F ,
n * mi. n a l j n D* _ i Toronto, was a week end guest at Rev. J. Milton Pritchard, D. D., Pastor |the home of Mr. and Mrs. J M.
Southminster United Church, Passes XI ¦ 1	¦	¦ T I	¦	I
Mr Donald McRae, of Montreal. In St Pauls Anglican Church,
(From Lethbridge Herald, June 8) has been visiting at the home of Shawville, at three thirty on Sat-V	his parents, Mr. and Mrs. R E urday afternoon, the marriage
Death remove.! a leading figurei PU^ae.	^ Bmth* Hodgins of Ottawa,
m the church hie of the city f\nd Mr. and Mrs. Mahlon Hayes, of Ln(| |jr. Leslie Gerald Richards, the province early Saturday even- Ottawa, spent the past week *t H S. A., of Hull. The bride is the ing when Rev J. Milton 1 ntenard, the home of the former s parents, daughter of Mr and Mrs. R. W D. D., 52, passed away at a local Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Hayes.	| Hodgins, of Shawville. and the
Church of Canada m Northern and Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Grace and the organist was Miss Muriel R Milter? u;it t Central Alberta, had undergone children, of Pembroke, were Sun Strutt The bride was attended	FILLER WALLACE
an operation earlier in the week day guests of their relatives in by Mis* Kathleen Graham, of Wy	ADVOCAT -- BARRISTER
and appeared to be making satis- town.	man, Que., and the best man was	HULL, QUEBEC
Kver.Go^'ed à°nd‘satulïûÿ I Mr. and Mr*. Wm, Hi,kpatrick. | Mr. Ke^nnHh _ Rkh,ud9.	Ken | At Proudfoot.8 Hotel
MARRIED

Richards-Hodgins
Argue
Men’s
Summer Sport Togs
DONAT Le GUERRIER
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with by ccrreepondenc
Keep Cool, Men !

X
SUMMER SPORT PANTS
ome
Tropical Cloths, Lovely Materials, Nice Colours,
Cool and Comfortable
Sizes 32 to 40

;
$3.95 to $6.50
Campbell’s Bay every Tuesday at Noon At Pontiac House .Shawville
issspiiEiESi
zens, brought general grief. Many vicinity.	and long sleeves which came to

every
Tuesday Evening
SUMMER WINDBREAKERS
1
New Sharkskin" materials made in good color combinations with zipper openings
and trimmings, $3.50 to $5.00
D. J. CAMPBELL
f
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
D ;

circles ns well, were voiced. These I Mr. Norris Brough, of Montreal, I ^ cascadeKqnet of^raptlire rose* came from persons in all walks ot j8 spending a few days vacation Ln(i b»bv’s breath
life and in ail church communions. w|th his parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. jiie bridesmaid’s was of blue The sorrow was universal, for to I <j. Brough
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
SPORT SHIRTS
>
ms# 6SSS5
Open collar sport shirts are just the thing for warm sultry days
a
Airforce blue, fawn,'green, and white. Small, medium, large, $1.50
1414 Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE. PLATEAU 63 8 8
?

iiiE|s^s|iaH| "”™
MïBySsSïEESSfel s-"
college in Toronto, graduating in Mr. and Mrs Wesley Coburn, of r ^ ret.ept|an was held at the
arte from the UmverHity College. Watertown. N. Y . have	home of the hi ide s parent*, after
and theology from Knox College. I visiting at the home of the latter h whjcll jjr Rlld Mrs Richards left He was oidarned to the I resby I parents, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Kick L the «nakoka Lake district, terian ministery in the year 1U1U ardson.	The bride travelled in a printed
ïUrHrÆs,;, w$i;si&J2sr~£t«X%s SWlül'^TzJSg
B	tit: £ pa-r-*-	- kffiRC Z^'WÊÊÊ^M
SC-Htf %	[BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
United church, Lethbridge, in the jug their vacations at the home of » and Mis Alex Manka, Mr. J year 192V. He served in Leth* their parents, Mr. and Mrs A. G bridge continuously since then, | Biotigh being unanimously chosen minis ter of SouthmiiiHter United church here in June, 1935 when the formel Wesley and Knox cherches amalgamated, in the consummation, ot which Dr. Pritchard gave prominent leadership and wise guidance.
zd rn i
Lethbridge and other parts ot
Canada, his support was always Total RtceipUof Quyon Red Cross readily forthcoming to any corn» erOT $563.27 mendable cause He was a mein	"
SSESteS. %	=
life.
K
<
MEN S SUMMER SHOES
Good tan shades, some with crepe soles Comfortable shoes for warm weather
and

#
$4.50
J
BÊLAIR 3267
$3-50
Ï
OR. H. K. HEILSON
Underwear Socks Shirts Braces
Bathing Trunks
Ties,
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat
SPECIALIST
I
ILDINg

I

were in
OTTAWA,
ONT.
RHONE, | 2-7961
Early Closing-

We appreciate the way our customers trying to help us on Saturday nights by shopping earlier. Let all do likewise and loyally observe the sanctity of the Sabbath Day.
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA. ONTARIO
Bellamy, Miss Ada Wilson, Wi«f A McDowell, all of Ottawa ; Mrs Thomas Manka, Miss Irene Rich «•¦ds Renfrew, and Mr. and Mra U. Wilson, Pembroke.
are
51
3
i
Mr and Mr*. Hilliard Ilodgin» tnd Mr. and Mrs. Lee Hud gin», in Renfrew on Wednesday
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAM!NATIONS Specialists on ml 'visual and muscular eye defects
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. OptmetriFt
^— lH*t to attend the graduation
exercises of Victoria Hospital, their
daughter and sister, Mbs Lather*
M Hodgins, being one of thi»
Savoy Popular Name
The popularity of “Savoy” as a name for motion picture houses in the United States traces back to the Duchy of Savoy in France, though it comes indirectly through the theater of that name in London’s Strand, says a National Geographic society bulletin. England’s Henry III in 1236 had married a niece of Peter of Savoy, to whom the English king gave a palace on the banks of the Thames. It later was the site oi the Savoy hospital. A theater buih this vicinity was given the name ‘Savoy/* and was long the scene of Gilbert dnd Sullivan fight
Reg. Optometrist
11.30 p. m. Saturday — Store Closed —

Gordon T. Paul
I N SU RANGE


I
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations

t
of the Re I ve in matter
THE W. A. HODGINS STORE

Mi
A
Quebec
Shawville
y-
t
SHAWVILLE
QUE
operas




: v

###PAGE###2###
LAMBS TAKE CALF'S PLACE AT FESTIVE BOARD
RADIO REPORTER
SUN DA Y SCHOOL LESSON


DIALING WITH DAVE!

Fred Allen U bhe kind of a guy folks just naturally tell etorlee
and they're either funny
BT*


about
or complimentary. In hsw oth buelneeaee does ode find more happily married humbaadauad4*If# collaborations than In radio. For one, we have Fred All land Hof fa of the Sunday 1.00 pm. radio show. Fred, who la a very precise person, has been nailed "the man who married three women named Portland Hof ta" ? u Is Portland who types Fred's scripts from their carefully hand-lettered originals; U la Portland who plays the scatter-brained stooge on the air, and K Is Mrs. Fred Allen who tune the household around Prod s workaday routine!
LESSON 28
THE TASK COMMITTED TO THE DISCIPLES Matthew 28:16-20; Mark 16:14-1+
Luka 24:49-53
GOLDEN TEXT.—Go ye into all the world, and preach the goe*





and Pork



pel to the whole creation. Mark
16:15.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—The entire period from our Lord's resurrection to Hie ascension covers forty days. The appearance of Christ to the ten on Easter night, took place April 9, A.ll. 30. The Ascension took place Thursday, May 18, A.D. 80.
Place.—The appearance to the ten occurred in the Upper Room in Jerusalem; another appearance recorded in our lesson took place on an unnamed mountain in Galilee; the Ascension itself took place from a peak on the Mount of Olives.






%



*

*
&

Tùe Loue Ranger, whose legendary heroics In the day# when the Weal was young, thrill young and old In their dally raenack meute on the air, la a consistent popularity poll leader for some four years. CHOC la Hamilton carries the adventure# dally at 610 p m. And all the familiar characters of the Lone Ranges capedee are present — including Ton to, the Indian, and the Ranger# great white horse. Silver. Stirring stuff, with right always triumphant over wrong, the Loue Ranger’s radio adventures offer healthy, clean cut listening foe every one I

TENOR TROUBADOUR!
Amongst the younger America* screen and radio tenors, Allan Jones Is high in popularity. Local station airings of hi* many recordings. particularly hits by Victor Herbert and Jerome Kern, have endeared him to millions. As regular tenor guest of Mutual's Chicago Theatre of the Air" series. and other Important 'out of the West' ehowi, Allan Jones has bulh himself a great and loyal following.



has been
Faster Night
14. “And afterward he was manifested unto the eleven themselves as they sat at meat; and h# upbraided them with their unbelief and hardness of heart, because they believed not them that had seen him after he was risen.” This is Mark's brief account of that which Luke (24:36-43) and John (20:19-26) give with great detail, an episode of Easter Sunday already dealt with in our last lesson.





Young, but resourceful, motherless twin lambs solve theur food problem satisfactorily with the co-operation of an obliging Guernsey cow on a Rustrfnrd, Min»., farm. Whether the calf approves of the arrangement is something else again.

Outlook I» Good For Manitoba Crop
believer, but this miracle with one and that with another.
49. “And behold, l send forth promise of my Father upon you : but tarry ye in the city, until ye be clothed with power from on high. 50. And he led them out until they were over against Bethany: and he lifted up his hands, and blessed them. 51. And it canit to pass, while he blessed them, he parted from them and was carried up into heaven.” It has been suggested by many that man's last view of the Lord Jesus is of a Saviour with uplifted hands, in the attitude of bestowing a benediction, and that this ie the true attitude of the Lord toward humanity ever since has ascended into heaven and is at the right hand of God only that he might bless men.
19. “So then the Lord Jaaus, after he had spoken unto them, was received up into heaven, and eat down at the right hand of
God The Son of Man at the right hand of God ii our Intercessor with the Father.
62. “And they worshipped him, and returned to Jerusalem with great joy. 53. and were continually in the temple, blessing God ” Our chapter begins withs a picture of two disciples in deep despondency, knowing nothing but disappointment in the death of Christ.
with the disciples convinced of our Lord's resurrection and rejoicing in the temple, biersing God.
#

It's perhaps an old story by now —how a certain World War number one American Aviator, In the early 30'#, went down to South America to sell Curtiss airplanes; how, on the day of demonstration, he had to compete against a German ace — and compete he did, with two broken legs, put la omets Just the day before; how he got Into a dog-fight without guns, and finally forced the other plane to the ground, and sold the Chilean Army Staff on tbs superiority of American plane# and American pilota. Yea, it was Brigadier General Jimmy Doolittle, who personally piloted the sensational Tokyo bombing. But Doolittle's story has become radio's story— and from complimentary comedy quips on every fun show ou the air, to down-right patriotic air-tributes, radio has enhanced the ascendancy of the Doolittle Star. And since the flight to Tokyo le Just the first chapter In the Victory Novel, radio will keep you la touch with each succeeding chapter, as the book le written. There’ll be more MacArthur’e, Doolittle's and others burning fuel to the torch of freedom!
The outlook for the Manitoba crop at the opening of the season is good, according to The Winnipeg Free Press; in Saskatchewan it is fair, but in Alberta not so good, for lack of rain in the central and northern areas.
There is a further reduction ia wheat acreage in Manitoba this year of sixteen percent, but an increase of nineteen percent In barley, eight percent in oats and thirty-one percent in flax. The increase in barley and flax wee what the government particularly
crease of seventeen percent in hogs, helping to meet the demand from Britain and a six percent increase of cattle.
For the whole prairie country the report is less satisfactory. It is difficult to estimate accurately the reduction in wheat acreage, but it looks like five percent. The increase in coarse grains and flax is much less than was wanted for war production.
Some Doubted
News Notes From Hera and There:
16. “But the eleven disciple* went into Galilee, unto the mountain where Jesus had appointed them. 17. And when they saw him, they worshipped him; but some doubted.”

Clara, Lu and Em are back oa
thrlca weekly
from CBS.
Monday nights 1.00 p.m. Radio Theatre, top ranking hour-long dramatic weekly show. Is drwe rehearsed Sunday afternoons with a Studio audience of service men. who are keen to see and hear many of their radio and screes favorites In action.
The chapter concludes
Their worship was not merely homage to a King but probably involved the conviction that Christ was divine.

Even the Saviour’s bodily appearance seems, since the resurrection, to have been so altered and spiritualized that they felt more inclined than formerly to worship him. The subject of doubt must have been whether this was really their Lord come to life.
20. “And they went forth, and preached everywhere, the Lord working with them, and confirming the word, by the signs that followed. Amen.” In Matthew Jesus promised to be with them; here Mark says that he mani-tested his presence by 'working with them* and ‘confirming the word/ proving its truth and real-
“Cheers from the Camps", new Tuesday night 9.30 Clfc Alternate Network feature, originating with CBS, le proving a smash hit, with the new idea of the Boys in the Service, providing the entertain ment for the folks back home!
There will be an ie-
He
Christ’» Authority
18. “And Jesus came to them and spake unto them, saying, All authority hath been given unto me in heaven and earth.” Nothing less than the Divine government of the whole universe and the Kingdom of Heaven ha» been given to the Risen Lord, glorified Christ is above every principality and authority and power and dominion, and every name that la named, not only in age, but also in that which ie to come. It is on the plentf-tude of this Divine suthority that Ha lays upon Hi» Apostles and Hie Church Hie last great charge, and leaves to them Hie last great
Reeord headliners Include: “Three Little Sisters”, and “One Doses Roses'; also “Johnny Doughboy Found a Rose la In» land”.
ity.
i
l
-a
CREATOR OF STARS
The
Some ef the Psalm» aiw supposed to have been written as long ago as 900 B.C., ethers a* recently es the Second Century, B.C.
HORIZONTAL
1 Famous name in history of the stage.
12	Wall-eyed pike.
13	Furnished with a sole.
14	To acknowledge.
16	Grafted.
17	Slatted box.
16 Century
plant fiber. AT
19	Duct.
20	Horse's trappings.
21	Lion's home.
22	Viscous.
24 Woolly.
27 Small island.
30	To think.
31	Trappings.
32	Flower leav
34 To abhor.
36	And.
37	Dibbl
41 Pennies.
46 Licks up.
46 Mountain pass 1 Lady.
Il |Z 13
Answer to Previous Puzzle
biggest stars of his day.
15 Rovers, jli 20 Large inn. QUI 22 Genus of frogs
23 He had -----
standards of acting.
25	Monkey.
26	Insect egg.
28	Ocean.
29	Upright shaft 33 Kind of
poisoning.
36 To make
tcmeplate.
38	Acidity.
39	Horseback game.
40	Glided. •
42	Close.
43	Food container.
44	State of bliss.
45	Plot of grass.
46	Wings.
47	Saucy.
51 Spain (abbr.) 54 Form of "L”
Cancel Chicago
Livestock Show
iULAT

I'I
;R I

As a result of every available unit of transportation being required for urgent war needs, the International Livestock Exposition and International Grain and Hay Show at Chicago has been cancelled for 1942. For forty-two years, the Livestock Exposition combined with the Grain and Hay Show for the past twenty-three years, has been the greatest agricultural exposition on the North American continent. Apart altogether from the resolve of the people to prosecute the war to its utmost limit, the problem of the transportation of the huge number of exhibits, exhibitor» and visitors in this year of would have been impossible, last year, in livestock alone, approximately 14,000 animals were moved " from thirty-seven States and from some of the provinces of Canada to the Exposition and Show, which attracted a record attendance of 400,000 persons.
IN
GtOA
IT#
THIS CURIOUS WORLD

A
E
V
A
TOM
H
S
promise.
1
The Great Commission
19. “Go ye therefore, and make disciples of all the nations, baptizing them into the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit.” It is because the Messiah has all dominion both above and below that He gives this comprehensive charge to the Apostles. He commit» the whole human race to their care, and they are not to rest until all have been brought in as disciple» with them ef the one Master. 'To make disciples' means to make of men learners, or followers of Christ. They were not to make men their disciples; they were to make men Christ's disciples. We are not to be followers of Christian leaders, but of the Christ whom every true Christian leader serves.
O*
I
o00
A 20-POUND


49	To walk.
50	Beer.
51	Songs for single voices.
52	Empty.
53	Opposite of cold.
55 He was a
of fine stage 7 Network.
6 Poems.
9 Chart.
10	Greedy.
11	Short letter.
12	He
trained the
4 IS i* 17	|0	!
2	Branches of learning.
3	Born.
4	To get away.
5	Flat car.
6	Blank metal
WKK5HS ONOf
i


04
IN
%
die.
x
plays.
56 He lived almost
¦
years.
VERTICAL
or
to
9
II

6
14
IS
iWIN*WAB
OUR/fskS THE
OSTRICH PLUME
Creed and Conduct
20. "Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I commanded you: and lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world.” Jesus tells us here that we are to train ourselves and ethers in, not creed but conduct, not things to be believed but tilings to be done. A creed that Is not wrought out in actions is empty; conduct that is not informed, regulated by creed, is unworthy of a man, not to say of a Christian.

16
BOOM DAVS,
Zl
20
t
PLUCKED 5.VERV
Z3
70 A//A/ÆT

27
zs
a
1
&


>>



r

«
f
DO BANANAS GROW
POMSITINCS
UP OR DOW/sjr
Hope For Everyone
15. "And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to the whole ereation
and is baptized shall be saved; but he that disbelieveth shall be •ondemned.” It ie interesting to note that our Lord does not say that he who is not baptized shall be condemned, but that he that disbelieveth shall be condemned, while he who believes and is baptized shall be saved, plies to-every living person in the world.
46
*4
41
48
COM. 1»j* it NI» leUVICL INC
Bunches of bananas at ma turf 4/ hzug from the trtm | with the individual “fingers” pointing up. just ttie opposite of the1 way we usually see them displayed in stores.
• NEXT: A deer that brought tm his enemy's head!
ANSWER
95
16. He that believeth
2
i
»
POP—But He’s Hiding!
By J. MILLAR WATT
r how FAST IS YOUR.
J,r CAR,POP?
N# ABOUT SIX MONTHS
AHEAD fm fiat USUALLY
WHAT
LX'
This ap-
y
?
MV
INCOMB
Accompanying Signs
17. "And these signs shall a# eompany them that believe: hs my name shall they cast out demon*: they shall speak with new tongues ; 18. they shall take up serpenta, and if they drink any deadly thing, H shall in no wise hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall cover " These sign* shall follow them that believe. Jesus does not mean that each of these signs shall manifest itself with eves*
i
V
(
t
%
i/i
<
si/
4-

v
%

I


V
t
A
r-i3

###PAGE###3###



1

*
i

met Yum* Indian had told him, on the shore of the gulf; the Be nor Americano could not miss the road which led to the right where the main street of the village ended in a pier.
Allan found it. He turned the sedan into a wagon track, a little rougher if anything than the one he had followed all morning, whose tortuous course paralleled every indentation of the coast
sandth time that the Mexican gov. eminent had extended Ha network of fine roads to include this peninsula.
DREAM REALIZED
f
HELP CANADA KEEP FIT
So tasty with any spread!
à
Good scouts eat
TO "KEEP Ftr
Let Christie’s Grahams help you with the refreshments at your next party. Baked from a fine old recipe, Christie’s have the true "Graham” flavor that folks like. They’re so tasty with cheese, jam, or any spread ; or just served plain with desserts or beverages.
in the «fore or on tkm ’phone, «far ay « mok for (hriatie’a Hiêcmit».
tt
;
i


i
ih

He wished for the thou-





m
Tèf.
?
F


Z
The heat waa something you had to feel to believe. He drove doggedly for half a mile, climbing another low rise of land. At ita top he halted the car in the welcome shade of an old gnarled pine which looked as If it might have been there since the days of the Conquistadores. He was glsd of a chance to viol his motor, to rest his weary forearms; and to amoke one of the American cigarettes with which he had prudently stocked up before crossing the border at Mexicali.
Meanwhile, he took advantage of his present elevation to study the lay of the land spread out before him. He followed the winding road with observant gaze to the point where it dove into a thicket of eucalyptus trees and vanished. The trees were so tall and sturdy that Allan figured it must have been a century since some philanthropist planted them there to make an oasis of coolness in the desert of heat. , . .
Set far back in the grove was a rambling structure of stone which he assumed was the hotel he was seeking. The Inn of One Thousand delights was the modest name bestowed on it by its Chinese proprietor. Sun Su. Allan grinned morosely. Right now-he’d settle for just two delights it they’d take the shape of a long cold drink and a long cold bath.
V<





&
ê
%
S-tort your youngsters oF with o breakfast that Includes the nourishment and food-energy In Nabisco Shredded Wheat. It's 100% whole wheat, in which all the bran, wheat germ and minerals are retained. For smiles all 'round, serve Nabisco Shredded Wheat and milk, with fresh strawberries I
we CANADIAN SHMDOKO WHEAT COMPANY, ITD.
I\t>
JUS
G
i
»
i\m
J
i
ê
//Sk


Bombing of Cologne area by 1500 British planes in a single night recall* the assertion of Air Marshal A. T. Harris that the war would be ended by autumn if he could send 1000 bombers a night over Germany.
m
' 4
fit


it
NABISCO
SHREDDED WHEAT
a* an officer.
Mildly surprised by the spectacle of another lunatic abroad at such an hour on such a day, Allan watched him swing lightly into the saddle of a horse that had been tethered near the door. He put his steed in motion and came up the road in the direction of San Saba, riding with the easy grace which Allan had long since concluded was every Mexican’s birthright. Horse and man drew rapidly nearer at a brisk canter, vanishing, reappearing and vanishing again as they took the curves of the road.
Allan put aside his glasses, took a last pull on his cigarette, dropped the butt on the floor of the sedan and touched the starter. The engine came to throbbing life. He was about to set the car rolling down the gentle slope aheao when he paused to watch the Mexican again. What was the fellow doing now? he wondered.
The officer had reined in abruptly. He was abreast of a clump of tall cactus that edged the road, and evidently his attention had been attracted by something that lay in the r.arrow strip of shade at the base of the thorny mass. From Vhere Allan was watching, the object resembled a big bundle of rags. He saw the rider dismount and walk toward it, leading his horse; he saw him drop to his knees beside the bun-
Honour bound
k
r
# SERIAL STORY

MEXICAN MASQUERADE
EjPeBEA, as you know, comes to raUffij us from Ceylon and India,
and every man on every boat which carries it to our land is risking his life every day of the trip.
We are honour bound to use only what our Government asks us to.
Avoid waste and do not use more than your share.
9
BY CECIL CARNES

CHAPTER 1
All character» and situations in “Mexican Masquerade" are fictitious. Any re» semblance between them and living persons or actual- situations ia purely coincidental.
# $ *
Frankly, I don't feel quite right about this, even yet. Even after Kay wired me to go ahead.
It's Allan’s story, I keep telling myself. Allan's—and the state department's. No longer the secret he made me swear to last September, because there was talk of it in Mexico City at Christmas time. But still Allan's •lory.
And there are all the loose ends I’ve no way of tying together. I don't even know where Allan himself is, now. London, last I heard. More likely India, by this Mme. Or even Chungking. He's a valuable man . . .
What happened to Asia, and was she as beautiful as he said? Did they find Baron Sagoya? 1 thought of him when I saw those mew# pictures of Kurusu, smiling eo warmly and innocently, clutching that modest black brief case mo mockingly symbolical of good will, as he arrived in Washington to “discuss” our difficulties with Japan. Such a smooth one the Baron must have been: specialist in treachery behind a toothy
—Kay not the least among them. Not that we have more to learn of w hom our enemies are, but only that we have much yet to know • of where they have been and of how they have been dealt with.
It was just last summer . ; .
Shimmering heat waves almost hid the sandy road as Allan Steele, in his travel-stained sedan, crested a hill and came thankfully in sight of his journey's end. At the foot of the slope, hardly a mile ahead, nestled the small fishing viHage of San Saba, slumbering peacefully in the torrid blaze of a July sun gling houses, the blue-green waters of the Gulf of California made a cool and refreshing vista.
Both hands gripped on the jerking wheel, tooling the sedan more like a man riding a bucking bronco than driving a car, he worked his way onward until what he believed the worst road in Lower California, if not in all Mexico, blended imperceptibly with the main street of the town buildings on each side of him were shuttered and no visible sign of life met his roving gaze. He glanced at his wrist watch; it marked the hour as 2 o'clock.
“Siesta." he murmured aloud. “Everybody's asleey.*'
Yet He questioned the notion even while voicing it. He had an uneasy feeling as he drove slowly through the village that eyes were peering at him from behind the bolted doors and shielded windows. Hostile eyes, sinister, calculating. . . .
He grinned half mockingly at the thought as it crossed his mind. He analyzed it and traced it accurately to its soii rc€i||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||l
ously derived from the nature of the errand which had brought him to this off-track corner of the world, where he was not only a stranger in a strange land but very possibly an object of deep suspicion to certain dubious elements in the native population.
# # *
Yes, that was the reason for his uneasiness, he decided; that, plus a mild attack of stage fright pardonable in an amateur all, he reminded himself apologetically, this was the first job of its sort to which he had ever been assigned.
He made no stop in the village. By cautious inquiries that morning he had ascertained the exact location of the small hotel which was now his goal south of San Saba, the chance.
He fished in a pocket of the car, pulled out a pair of field glasses and trained them on the building. Didn't look too bad, he thought; looked as if it might he cool inside the heavy walls, and those palm leaves and bamboo shoots that seemed to be




'SALADA’ TEA
growing
out of the roof indicated the hotel was built around a patio. Allan liked patios, especially when they ran to shady booths, attentive waiters and icc.l fruit drinks with straws. . . .
A movement caught his
Beyond thez strag.
COMPANY OF CANADA, LIMITED
eye.
A man had come out of the front e ntra nceBHHBHH him • as tall, slender, and fairly young—about 32 or 33, Allan’s own age
The glasses revealed
Combine berries and sugar and let stand overnight. In the morning bring to a boil and boil for five minutes. Add lemon juke and boil three minutes longer. Stir and skim for five minute# to prevent floating fruit. ' Pour into hot sterile glasses. Let cool and seal with hot paraffin.
Strawberry and Rhubarb Jam
1 quart rhubarb 1 quart strawberries 1% quarts sugar
Cut the unpeeled rhubarb in *# inch pieces. Mix the strawberries, rhubarb and sugar and cook the mixture slowly until it is thick and clear. Stir frequently to prevent burning. Pour into hot jar# and seal.
TABLE TALKS
%
I
I
dl
¦¦¦¦He was. wear in g a uniform which the American
And then the peaceful scene exploded into the wildest melodrama. Three men on horseback came galloping from behind the cactus which had concealed them. They charged down upon the kneeling officer, shouting ana waving naked machetes as they stood in their stirrups.
Either their shouts or the pounding of hoofs had given warning to their intended victim — warning and the fraction of time he needed to defend himself. Lithe as a panther, he sprang erect, turning in the air as he did so. When he caught his balance he was facing his attackers, his rear protected by the clump of cactus. In the same moment he whipped out his straight, military machete and got it up in time to turn aside a sweeping blow from the first horseman to reach him. Quick as a snake strikes, he followed the parry with a lightning
drove into the flank of the man's horse; the animal screamed, reared and tried to bolt. The officer swung to meet the others as they arrived, his sword playing before him in a semi-circle of flame from the reflected rays of the sun.
“Hot tamale!" gasped Allan. “A holdup!"
(Continued Next Week)
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Requests
The
, m ¦—¦	¦___ recog.
mzed as that of the Rurales, the famous Mexican mounted police, and the glint of metal on the shoulders of his tunic marked him
Strawberry Mousse
% tablespoon gelatine 2 tablespoons cold water *4 cup fresh strawberries 2-3 cup sugar 2 cups whipped cream 2-3 cup sliced strawberries Soften the gelatine in cold water, crush the berries, stir and cook to boiling point with the sugar. Dissolve gelatine completely in the hot liquid. Chill with occasional stirring until the mixture reaches a honey-like consistency. Beat until frothy. Fold in the cream and the sliced berries. Turn into the tray of the refrigerator and freeze until firm.
f
t
m
GOOD FOR THE FIGURE
*
$
>

And Escobar !
Hie an even re enigmatic smile, brighter in ¦jbfcjulssuie face.
Ihe people who figured in that strange, dark business off the •oast of. lower California, interested me most as Allan shared with mo the story—or as much af it as he could tell. I wonder jbout Escobar, sometimes—wonder how clearly it all came back to him the day Pearl Harbor was ¦truck and a continent awakened le war.
4
A#
K
Hit
*
He, of all
#
‘i
It obvi-
leftere froaa let
tea
teplce fer
2

¦aerial
year letter» te «Mlea Bméle I, CM
Strawberry Meyoeeaise
M cup mayonnaise hi cup fresh crushed strawberries tablespoons fruit sugar
1	tablespoon lemon juice % cup cream, whipped
Combine mayonnaise, berries, sugar* and lemon juice and fold in the whipped cream. Makes about % cup dressing. Delicious for fruit salads.
Net Salad Dressing This should give a variation to your dinner salad for fruit.
6	tablespoons	salad	oil
2	tablespoons	lemon	juice
1	teaspoon salt teaspoons fruit sugar
% teaspoon paprika
2	tablespoons chopped nuts Measure the oil into a bowl;
add the lemon juice, salt, sugar and paprika. Beat thoroughly and add chopped nutmeats.
Strawberry J
4	cups sliced	strawberries
6	cups sugar
** cup lemon juice
*
Men, 78 West Adelaide Street, Ta-

&\k
te.” Seed et
velepe If yen wish ¦ reply
Finally, I'm ashamed of myself. How smug I must have sounded! "Those Jape down there—probably operating on their own," I bad said to Allan cialiste in two-bit intrigue, sure. But no major threat. I'd sooner fear rats in cages than your 'yellow devils'." ïè Lord !
The point of his blade
%
?»
\
i
2

>
1

A FAMOUS BRAND
j*
, *
i*
“They're spe-


GW
71

After
;

- w
en's

I feel lower than the auto production curve when I think of the knowing look on Allan’s face when he heard me out and then said, smiling thinly, "We'll see."

t
? a
FINE CUT


Nazi “Justice”
l
!
1
Allan's story or not, there are Whose who think it should be told
» 1^. v. i
Two miles
The B B C. reported recently that a 10-year-old French girl, Suzanne Chiappe, has been sentenced by a German court at Metz, Alsace-Lorraine, to 26 months forced labor.
The girl's “crime" was “that she had given French prisoners of war shelter and food, and then showed them the road to the French frontier.”
2
L
i
sA
Mn
1^*
"Sm
t
3050
TN.

SIZES 14. TO
ili
coffee
nerves




<
An Ensemble of Princess Apron and Frock
By Louise Lennox
If you like to look #1 ick-as-a-whistle at home, this princess coat-frock, with an apron cut on ttafical princess lip tainly turn the trick.
Style No. 3068 is designed for Msts U9 16, 18, 20, 36, 38, 46, 4$, 44, 46 and 48. Size 16 requires Itt yards Sj-iqch fabric with 1* yards braid for dress; 1% yards 16-ineb fabric for

located in the picturesque range ranching country West of High River, Alberta, The Stampede Ranch is owned and operated by Guy Weddick, cowboy, writer, dean of I ntemational rode# producers, who for many years produced THE STAMPEDE at Calgary.
m
GOOD EATING NEWS
I
vt
Children need a quart of milk a day, adults a pint, say the food experts. And everybody should eat an egg every day, if possible. Fortunately, both milk and eggs can be eaten in other foods as well as alone. Typical is the following recipe for Four Square Pudding, which calls for two eggs, two cups of milk plus bran and raisins, both fitted with iron.

Sr—

" $
es, will cor-
ientable
calling him The Grouch.” But Mrs.
h
Foer Sq
Padding
2 tablespoons sugar 8 g M teaspoon nutmeg r -2 cups milk 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 4 tablespoons sugar
f slices stale bread Butter
that too much tes and coffee often cause

"T Hanging S" Brand
of
THE STAMPEDE RANCH
J
istim



SflM^ separated
Remove crusts from bread ; spread with butter; cut into squares and arrange in layers in greased baking dish. Sprinkle each layer raisins and All-Bran. Beat egg yolks; add sugar, nutmeg, milk mad flavoring; mix thoroughly and pour over bread. Bake in moder-
(350*F.) about 35 minutes. Cover with meringue made from two beaten egg whites and 4 tablespoons sugar. Bake in slow even (800eF ) about 20 minutes or until meringue is brown.
Yield: 8 servings (8-inch baking dish).
y. .
% v
ïé* T. ft. Coffct Ntrvtu

t sorte, KevS KeelLcM irritai *, wh/ootnrikfc
twenty cent* for pattern U Room 421, 72 Adelaide 8t
Weal, l'oronte. Writs your name, and alyls number. Be
te state site you wish.
re
ate oven
ISSUE 25— 42
M»
V

###PAGE###4###
me ip»c#r
THE EQUITY
Of
0*


%
Be in the Swim this Summer with
Appropriate Bathing and
Sport Togs
x.0
O
ox
JUNE 25th, 1942
Shawville
*
r <*
?
4
County Council Minutes
1
Minutes of a regular, quarterly cession of the Municipal Council of the County of Pontiac for the month of June, 1942 ; held at the Village of Campbell’s Bay on Wednesday, June 10th, with the following County Councillors in attendance, viz :—M. Kngare Pleau, Mayor of Ch q>ehu, Warden, in the chair, and Messrs, Dosithee Chart rand. Mayor of Allumetteee Island ; Tbos. J McGuire.
Mayor of Allume!tee Island, East ; J.
B. McConnell, Mayor of the United Townships of Alleyn A Cawuod ; J.
Nelson McLellan, Mayor of the Township of Bristol ; Robert B Carswell,
Mayor of Bryson ; James Sweeney,
Mayor of the Township of Chichester ;
R C. Lawn. M L A., Mayor of Campbell’s Bay ; William Corrigan, Mayor of Fort Cou longe ; M. Outer Du fault,
Mayor of the Township of Grand Calumet ; James H. Veever, Mayor of the Township of Litchfield ; M Hue hare Mousseau. Mayor of the United Town ships of Manstield and Pontefract ;
Andrew Daley • Mayor of the Township of Onslow North ; 8. Wyman Mac Kechnie, Mayor of the Township of Onslow South ; P. H. McCann, Mayor of (juyon ; U. Goldwyn McDowell,
Mayor of Shaw ville ; Simon Downey,
Mayor of the United Townships of Sheen, Esher, Malakoff ami Aberdeen ;
M. Nap E. Rochon, Mayor of the United Township of Waltham and Bryson, forming a quorum of the Council the Secretary Treasurer being present.
The meeting comes to order at ten o’clock a. m., with the reading of the minutes of the regular, quarterly session of March 11th, 1942. and it is moved by 1rs McCann and McDowell, that the said minutes of the regular session of March. 1942, be adopted and signed without amendment. The Secretary then submits all the correspondence which has come to hand since March, amongst which is a reply by W. R. McDonald, M, P., to a communication addressed him requesting his eo-opera-tfon to Council’s request to the Board of Railway Commissioners for the resumption of a daily train service, Ottawa to Waltham and return, also a reply from W. C Beck, Esq., Divisional Superintendant of the Canadian Pacific Railway Co., Smith’s Falls, Out., advising that the business done by the Railway Co., on the Pontiac line does not warrant the requested increase in service and further that any increase in service would be unessential and present conditions would dot permit the Company to withdraw equipment from much more necessary work to fill this rtquireuient. Sundry replies from local Associations acknowledging receipt of certain grants are read, and then is submitted a letter from the Board of Trade, Fort Cou longe, rt questing permission to present a delegation to Council whose business would be to press Council to adopt measures whereby a Health Unit would be established in the County Mr,
Hector Belec, secietary-treasurer of the said Board of Trade is present and addresses Council, advising that he is the sole member of the delegation appointed, w ho was able to be present at the session to put forward the argument in favor of the Health Unit. Mr. Belec makes an informative talk on the sub ject under discussion and lequests Council to seriously consider the que» tion. Dr. H. T. Hardman, of Bryson, who is present on other business, i» requested by the Wvrden to express for the benefit of the Council, his opinion oil the subject of a Health Unit in this
County, to which request the Doctor ,	~ „	, .
responds with a detailed report of the r,’m Macdonald College, enclosing
operations of such a Unit in a County statement of grants to pupils front this
Mr. Lawn, M.L.A., is also requested to Uounty vmo .ed in Agiicu.tural	Course	i Tenders will I* received by the
Mil-nutliis opinion of the matter, which 'lunn8 llie PMt two	ami	receipt	undersigned up to Friday, June	2Gth,
he does by advising	that formerly he	^knowlegmg	payment in full.	1942, for the following repairs	and
was not impressed by	the claims made	k On	motion	of L r McCann, seconded	j	painling
on behalf of the Unit, but that certain ^ r ^ the Secretary is auth«ii;ze< Completing t he repairs on Schools conditidns nod happenings ovçr a pervd !.?.	1 “*	s Bay Rural %.	8 and 11. according to the
of time, recently forced upon his atten- , ’I' lone }/’,, renl;., , ’ ^,Ntrai s I specifications from In»|»ector Dickson, lion, had shown him the advantages ,e.P. ,,ieA ^ 1	iV1'111} f"r j which may b* seen at the Secretary's
which could be gained by local Munich j ».,ntJmg By Uw V>* K.**	^: Ja,ue* Office.
pall ties through the existence of a '	msuranre premium on .tiara ntee	Rootiing No, 12-A School ; also porch
Health Unit hi the County. The matter \	^uu< ’	^	» following w inch Council	anq woodshed, with wood shingles.
is then discussed in	general by the	,n.ext	l" ”,M ,u>s ! , 1n.llttjT	I	Strapping and minting the ceiling	of Cemetery DOflRtiOflS
Council and after some time, is left for j1 ie establishment of a	Health	l ml;	NfX , j School ; also punting the	walls J___
further discussion at the afternoon i ^ie .discussion continues	for some time	and wainscot ting.
Upon the invitation of the ^n.rl?S many Councillors express their Specifications for these Schools, as to
opinions and the view of their various material quality and color of paint may local Councils with rega*i to the 1 nit. a1g0 be 8evn Rt ,l1P Secretary’s office It is eventually moved by Cr McGuire, seconded by Cr Mousseau, that the Municipal Council of the County >of Pontiac request the Honorable, the Provincial Minister of Health to establish a Health Unit in County of Pontiac as soon as possible so that the organization may be functioning at September 1st, next, and that this Council reserve the right to demand the withdrawal of the Unit at any time it may see fit ; the motion is carried without division, and there being no further business to place before the session, it is moved by Cr McCann, seconded by Cr Lawn that the meeting do adjourn.
FOR BATHING
Klingtite Bathing Trunks in wool or lastex Men’s, all sizes Boys’, all sizes
Colors—green, blue, red and sand
'
J
$1.95 to $2.95 $1.00 to $1.50
\
j
*
f
«
SPORT SHIRTS
%

Short shirts with short sleeves, open collar
Brown, green, blue and white
Boys’ 98c and $1.00
Men’s $1.50 ;

Z
F

MENS SPORT TROUSERS
\
Just the thing for the hot days, in tropicals, Bedford cords, flannels, etc
V
z
$3.95 to $7.95
•»

L i
r~
t
MEN’S SPORT SHOES
White, white with tan tips, tan, $2.49 to $3.50
L
AGRICULTURE MARCHES
WITH OUR ARMED FORCES
Agents for Renfrew Dry Cleaners
----A /Ty^û»(ylothiruf and ,
7^ ¦naberdashen/ fàmen and bcu/s
'
Behind the lines where men and women are risking life to defend from* and country, other men and women are toiling to supply the materials of war —ships, planes, tanks, guns. These manufacturers—management and workers alike—are thus fighting shoulder to shoulder with our armed forces.
But what about the farmers? They are doing a work of equal importance. They too are marching to battle, by toiling early and late to persuade nature to increase food and other essential supplies on which the issues of the fight so greatly depend. The farmer marches side by side with’ the soldier and his armourer.
Farmers who are doing their bit to help Canada’s all-out war effort may find it necessary to borrow money at the Bank. You should not hesitate to discuss your requirements with our nearest branch manager. Your business will be regarded as strictly confidential.
X
N,R.Horner’s old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE
i
i
Try our
PurinA
Growena and Startena
for
Chickens and Turkeys SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
BANK OF MONTREAL

"A BANK WHERE SMALL ACCOUNTS ARE WELCOME’
the Outcome of 124 Years' Successful Operation
,
S
Modern, Experienced Banking Service
Shawville Branch :
G. A. MeDOUGALL, Manager
saVe

Telephone 126 SHAWVILLE
/i
for Victory
l
v’ -V

B
162
L!_
w
4

NOTICE
Tenders Wanted

I have just received notice from the Gilson Manufacturing Company that they can supply me with a few of the l"wer priced gasoline washers as low as $121.50. Order early as the supply is limited.
Report of finished goods received from
the various Units of the
Shawville and District Red Gross
CLIFFORD CONE
Sh i w ville, Que
Phone 36
December 1st to June 1st
Sewn
Articles
Knitted A i tielea
Dr. D. J. Campbell, treasurer^ the village Cemetery Improvement Fund, acknowledges with thanks, the follow, ing donations:—
Pontiac County Orange Assoc...$ 2 00
Mr». Sam Sinclair ............ l 00
Wilfred Howes................ 2 00
I Mrs. 8. McDowell............ 2 00
' R. J. Hamilton.. ;.......... 2 00
Family of Elliott Robinson,
Renfrew...*........ •••
O. A, Howard................
Ed Richardson, Wakefield.....
Mrs. Henry Horner............
Shawville Women's Institute___
Wm. I. Armstrong...........
R. A. Hodgins..........
Mrs. Reggie Hodgins -........
Ivhn L. Hodgins.. . . .7.....
Municipality and entered am inch u,vm Mr^ZLi Telfw"!.. .'.^:. ' the valuation roll, to proceed with the
nomination of two School Commissioners in the room and stead of Messrs.
Rex ford Wilson and R. J. Tracey, whose term of office will then have expired	:
Should there be more than two names on the nomination papers at the hour of eleven o'clock, an election will be held in the same hall on Monday, July 13th. from eight o'clock a. in. to six o'clock
UNIT
Quilts
session
Warden, Dr. Hurdman is then requested to submit his business before the Council, the Doctor advises that he is present on behalf of the local Red Cross Dike in the County, as during the actual time of the campaign, Council would not be in session and the request to have them vote a donation to the County drive, had necessarily to be postponed to this date.
It is moved by Crs McDowell.seconded Cr Carswell, that this Council tender its thanks for his kindness in submitting his informative talk on »he matter of the Health Unit, that Council will sym pathetically consider his request for Funds for the Red Cross at the afternoon session, and that we do now adjourn to one thirty p. m.-—Carried.
Council re assembles at 1.30 o'clock with the same members present who attended the morning session and proceeds to the discussion on the matter of the request made for funds for the Red Cross Society. It is moved Cr. Mac Keck nie, seconded by Cr McGuire, that this Municipal Corporation herewith authorize the payment of an amount of two hundred dollars as grant to the -Canadian Red Cross Society.—Carried.
The secretary now presents acknow ledgement’ from the Department of Municipal Affairs, of the receipt of the 1 of his Guarantee Rond to
11
Austin
Hrlstol
38
13
Tenders for more than one School will state price separately.
Lowest any tender net necessarily accepted.
16
70
46
1 afghan
Clarendon No. 5... Clarendon No. 13..
Green Lake No. 10.
Ladysmith .......
Radford No. 18... Radford No. 15 ... Shawville No 3 .... St. Paul's ......
Shawville United.. Starks C«ii net «i
Yarm ..........
Zion.............
Clarendon W. I. .. Caldwell St Lukes Starks Cors. W. I.
Busy Bees W. I...
Ad ilia Lodge....
Mrs. Drapers Clama Bristol XV. 1....
Shawvill XV. 1...
Shawville United ..
13
101
17
7
48
J. A. DEAN, Sec.-Tiea.su it r
18
i
21
65
13
4
31
80
:t 00
14
35
2 00
53
PUBLIC NOTICE
16
2 00
61
18
1 00
13
22
10"
50 00
Public notice is hereby given that there will be held on Monday, the 0th day of Tu!y, 1042. at the hour of ten in the morning, at Hynes Hall, a meeting of the owners of real estate, of this
83
106
150
2 00
123
150
‘257
2 00
53
102
88
I 00
10
20
3 00
GO
21
2 00
57
28
Lawrence 8. McNally
Secretary-T reasu rer
2 00
6
3
1
Mis. Geo. T. Horner
1 00
6
8
2
2
2
2
Juhu U. McDowell, treasurer of the Maple Grove Cemeteiy Fund, acknowledge# with thanks, the following don»-
¦¦¦¦¦j
Miss Grace McKnight ,..
Mr* Samuel Ren nick....
Mrs. Reggie Hodgine....
W. A Hodgins . 3.....
Mrs John Judd . *....
Miss Lou Sturgeon ...
W. E. N. Hodgins, Ottawa
2
Teachers Wanted
1 afghan r 1 afghan 55 handkerchief#
Two Protestant Teachers for Leslie School#, duties to commence September 1st. 1942. Apply stating salary expect*
ec to.
5 00
1 00
420
p. tn
1 00
ms
£23
Given at Shawville this 20th day of
June, 1942.
6 00
3 afghans and 55 handkerchiefs
Total articles-M24
Thor. Quails Secretary
Otter Lake, Que
2 00
renewa
March 1st. 1843.
He also submit* a communication
J. A. DEAN
Sec.-Treasurer Municipality of Clare n Jo
1 00
2 00
3
###PAGE###5###


Service » Announcements
Sunday, June 28th
Shawvills Unitrd Church Rrv A. F. Fcheh B. A., B.D, Pastor
11.00 a. m. Service at Shaw ville
8 00 p. m.—Service at Zion
3.30	p. m. Service at Stark’s Corners
7.30	p. m.—Service at Sbawville
Alt services will be conducted by the pastor.
CANADA
SERVICE
SELECTIVE
NATIONAL

CONTBOL OF EMPLOYMENT
Bristol United Church Lay Minister :—Mr. Leslie Dean 11.00 a. m.—Service at St. Andrews 2.15 a. m.
3.00 p. m.
H.00 p. m. •
«
NO EMPLOYER HEREAFTER SHALL HIRE ANY PERSON, MALE 4^ OR FEMALE, WITHOUT THE APPROVAL OP A SELECTIVE 4 * SERVICE OFFICER IN AN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE OP THE n
UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE COMMISSION
- Sunday School Service at Knox. Service at Austin

ANGLICAN
Ukv. K. C. Bolton, B Am L Tn.
St. Paul’s
Sunday School—10.00 a. m* Evening Prayer—7.30 p. m.
Holy Trinity Sunday School—10 30 a. m. Holy Communion—11,00 a. m.
St. Lukes
Sunday School—2.00 p. m. Evening Priyer—2 30


Whenever a vacancy occurs, or additional staff is required, or a lay-off of staff is anticipated, the employer shall notify the local Employment Offi He may engage only persons referred to him by, or approved by, the local Employment Office.
A local Selective Service Officer may revoke at any time, on not less than ten days notice, any approval granted by him.
Appeal from a Selective Service Officer's decision may be made in writing within ten days to the Divisional Registrar of the National War Services Board, and the decision of the Board shall be £
ce.
Thanks
final.
EXCEPTIONS

This order does not include employment:	(1) In agriculture, fishing,
hunting or trapping; (2) Subject to the Essential Work (Scientific and Technical Personnel) Regulations, 1942; (3) In domestic service in a private home; (4) Of students after school hours or during holidays (but does include employment during Summer Vacations); (5) In part-time work which is not the principal means of livelihood; (6) Casual or irregular employment for not more than three days in any calendar week for the same employer; (7) Under the Government of any Province.	'
North Clarrnoon Parish Rsv. P, R. Stotk, in charge
North Onslow:—
Holy Communion—10.30 » m.
Thorne Centre—
Sunday School—2.30 p. m* Evening Prayer—2.00 p. m
1
In this space last week we requested the kind co operation of our patrons to assist in observance of Sunday laws by closing promptly not later than 12 o'clock on Saturday night, The response was generous and highly appreciated#
This ordor does not affect Re-employment: (1) Within not more than 14 consecutive days after the last day a person worked for the same employer;
(2)	After sickness or disability which caused the suspension of the employment;
(3)	On resumption of work after a stoppage caused by an industrial dispute;
(4)	In accordance with a collective labour agreement which provides for preference according to length of service or seniority; (5) On compulsory re-instatement after Military Service.
Charter is—
Evening Prayer—8.00 p. m. Greermount :—
Tuesday June 23rd
Confirmation Class—7.00 p, m Evening Prayer—M 00 p. in.
Bristol Memorial Church Presbyterian
Rev. Wallace MacKinnon, B. A. DJvint service—11.00 a. m
Summer Hours
Until further notice from the Director of National Selective Service or a local National Selective Service Officer, any employer may temporarily engage any employee, if he submits within three days to a local office an application in duplicate for the approval of such engagement. Such application shall state the insurance book number, or the insurance registration number, (U.I.C. Form 413), name, address, age, sex, occupation of such employee, the name of his or her most recent employer, and the date he or she left employment with such employer.
Penalties for infringements of this order provide for a fine up to $500.00, or imprisonment up to 12 months, or both fine and imprisonment.
Open every day (holidays excepted)
7.30 a. in, 0.00 p. m.
Close regularly
(Tuesdayand Saturdays excepted)
Close Tuesday nights
Close Saturday Nights
( Lights out, Doors locked sharp )
11.00 p. m. 12 00 p. m.
Post Offices Sell Them
This order supersedes previous National Selective Service Orders respecting restricted and unrestricted occupations.
?
?
v
f
Bay
HUMPHREY MITCHELL,
Minister of Labour
ELLIOTT M. LITTLE,
Director National Selective Service


^nm tjonh ptel ^
chacun.
Look Here
y

I
For Sale, Wants, Found;
Lost, etc.

»
m
MOM
FOUND—On Monday in the United Church grounds, a wool auto rug, owner J may have same by proving property! and paying for tbit. ad. Apply at the United Church Parsonage.
*
BANKS
DEPARTMENT STORES • DRUGGISTS GROCERS
POST OFFICES
*
TOBACCONISTS
1
J
26$
li

FOR SALE—1 Renfrew Scales, cap. 1200 lbs ; 1 set single driving harness ; 1 cultivator ; 1 cream separator, medium sized tables ; large and small chairs ; forks and shovels, etc. Apply to 11b in. Judd, R, 3, Shaw ville. Phone 7—3.




##«

»


¦ii


>> „
DOES THE TRICK./ ST
Notice—If you are considering buying a gasoline washing machine, order now, as we may not be able to get these
on.
phone 36, Shaw ville.
ë&.
m
r W

1,17
%

Clifeoed Cone, »

%*
:
• %



r

i
Why bother with money orders and let 1er-writing? Place your Bray ( hick oidvr through the undersigned. Personal a tient ion-prompt delivery- and the usual Bray high uality.
FOB SALE
broiler chickens. Apply to Mrs. Non man Hours, K. t. Shawrille.
A nu mirer of good
% 1
YOU WOULD BE PERFECTLY
s,ri ™ “Mm
<2
%
i
FOB SALE— Philco Radio, battery set. almost new. Apply to Miss E. Pee ver. care of Mrs. Geo. Brown, Campbell’s Bay, Que.
1

JOHN MacCREDIE

-
Maryland
Quebec
*L S
Of course, you wouldn't operate Thie is only one eutstanding feature your separator in the best room of of the Renfrew Separator. Othme
Spisrsiarr.	ürassa
Renfrew. No splashing of oil—no high## quality and performance at greasy, insanitary, fly-attracting mix- a reasonable price.
turepf oil and milk, making a mess You can buy your Renfrew from the of both machine and floor. The oil necessary to the operation of a Renfrew goes in at the top and
FOR SALE—One Connor wishing machine and one refrigerator. Apply to R. H. Russell, phone 23 *24.
i

In Step with Total War Effort”
you are obliged more than ever before to handle your'affairs carefully.
Paying Your Bills by Cheque
\
II
4L
I
5
FOR SALE —Massey Harris Mower aid Tedder in good condition. App’y to R J. Cutbbertson, Maryland, phone 23 21.
Wilson’s Garage
man you know—Renfrew's own representative in your neighborhood.
.	..	-	He is responsible to you and we
mama inside until it is time to stand behind him and all the Ren-
change it	hew products he sells.
RANGES . HEATERS • WASH-RITES • TRUCK-SCALES • INCUBATORS


Tl)e Same Reliable Service

saves time — saves money — is safer — provides a record.
YOU» SAVINGS ACCOUNTS
Two new reasons for saving have been added to the old reliable ones.
NOTICE—If you consider buying a De Laval Milker, order now a& wart inn-deliveries are uncertain. IHHHH Cm FIORD Cone, Shaw ville. Phone 3<$
* ¥
Î
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Apply to
1
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED RENFREW ONT
ST.JOHNS p.q,
)

s

SUSSEX N.B.
REGINA SASH.

WANTED— Washing and laundry work, light aewing and repairing men * and children's clothes. Apply to Mrs Rout Fraser, ShawvilU*.
Ford Service
!
Several good used Separators to clear
at reasonable prices
B
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
m
of
FOR SALE—60 cords 18 inch h ird wood, also 40 cords softwood. Apply to Chas. R Brktzlaffk, Jr Set wart z Que., phone 28-34.

J. Pu Wilson
LEO R. KEON
NOVA SCOTIA
Main Street Shawvllle Quebec
Phone 40
U [>Tii IVT	It EfttESEX TATI VE
McKee - Quebec
WANTED—2ft acre* of standing nlfal fa. Apply to KennethI Pirik, R i Shawville, phone 10 23.	_





¦

###PAGE###6###

THE FIRST CHURCH OF CHRIST SCIENTIST
VOICE
Dutch Harbor
Commentary on Current Events
THE WAR - WEEK

OF THE
*0
Dutch Harbor is situated am Hay Aroaknak Island In a they Wat of the northern short of muoh larger Unala ska Island, one af the long chain af Aleutians which string out in a sweeping arc toward Japan. It ie about air miles from Tokyo on the Southwest, and *,346 miles from San Francisco on the Southeast. It thus forms the apex for a roughly triangular line which might be drawn on the map between the three points. From Seattle, Wash., to Dutch Harbor la about 1,900 air miles.
The United States has been building fortifications there since 1940. Their extent has been kept secret
Dutch Harbor, which until latently was only a village with • trading post, a fuel oil depot, and a naval radio station, received its name because of the tradition that a Dutch ship first entered its bay, a bulletin from the National Geographic Society ints out. Russian navigators, waver, early came this way. They knew the then-busy fur-aealing centre by its native Eskimo name of Udakta. Later, the harbor became a way station for vessels making for the gold gush regions of the Yukon and Nome, Alaska.
Dutch Harbor is 1% miles long by half a mile in width. Water la deep near the shores and in most parts of the harbor; violent gales occasionally sweep these waters, when mariners are warned te look out for williwaws, sudden gusts of cold land air, common along mountainous coasts of high latitudes.
Six Months After Pearl Harbor Japan Strikes In North Pacific
PRESS

v





WOMAN IN THE CHAIR Though it was accomplished gnietiy and without ceremony, s truly historic occasion took place whan Mrs. Cora Cased man, M.P. lor Edmonton East, eat briefly as Chairman of the Committee of the Whole House at Ottawa. It

Sis

baa a base which may one day be the springboard for an alia** straight at the heart of Japan Defensively It stands guard over the Alaskan territory which has come to have increased strategic value with the Increased military value of airplanes. From Alaska the wide reaches of the Pacific grow small, come within the operating range of aircraft: the 6,136 inline from Tokyo to San Francisco become 1,345 from Dutch Harbor. As long ago as 1920 A task* was called "The keystone of the Pacific arch”.

The Japanese military leaders are presented by the New York Times as advantageously sitting to toe centre of a circle. Their



T -


opponent# have had the leak of


deciding at just what point on that circle they would • trike. After the preliminary move against Pearl Haber they moved south. There they strengthened tbemgplves on the rubber and tin of Malya, the oM and rubber and foodstuffs of Sa Indies. Then It was west Into Berms, the gateway to Southern China and India. While their arm-lea last week marched toward India and hammered at the vital oentral and ooastal regions of China, their navy again fought In Sa North Pacific. Still their lead* could choose which of all these
marked the first time a woman
iff
baa ever
preaided over a sitting of either House of Perl lament In So Dominion Capital.
This country has been comparatively backward in putting wo-
ParliamenVary office.
Ï


v?




if*
There are but four of them In
the Commons and Senate today. Bat we are progressing.
Geasel man's occupancy of the (%air, brief though it was, demon-
Mr#.
Effect Undetermined Midway Inland, the m-couI objective of the Japanese force, la an atoll of two tiny Hand* surrounded by shoals and :eoh* Guarded heavily by Army, Navy and Marine force», it constitutes almost an outer defense for Pearl Harbor, 1,300 ml lea away, America's bastion in the mld-Paclflo. In Japanese bauds It could be the base for harrying attacks agaiuat the big ships berthed at Poarl Harbor. The Japanese have paid It constant attention, attacking It at least once each month— oeptlng for April—since the start of the war. But the attacks have been light, by occasional airplanes or submarines. Carriers and baUlo-shlps operating near Midway I sat week were attacking forces of a different order.
It seems quite conclusive now that the Japanese ran into a trap at Midway Island and that hey were badly stung. But the full oaten t of the damage they hav* suf fered and its effect upon poHble future Japanese operations remains to be determined.
strata# how far we have gone

along the road of finally admitting that women are "persons."
—Windsor Star
The great task now confronting a liberated America, which more than three-quarters of a century ago fought a four-years war to free the slaves, is to aid in working out the freedom of the whole world from slavery, The Christian Science Board of Directors told several thousand Christian Scientists gathered in annual meeting In Boston last week.
Meeting in their Mother Church the world-enveloping shadow of what ia probably the gravest threat to political and religious freedom since the advent of Christianity, the visitors were minded in a report by The Christian Science Board of Lectureship that the union of Britain and America was foreseen forty-four year# ago by Mary Baker Eddy,
Discoverer and Founder of Christian Science, as the instrument through which the rights of free peoples everywhere might be per- I tl manently established and protect-
mo vea would be the main blow.
Midway Attack
The Japanese had done little In the north Pacific since Pearl Harbor. Her ship# and Zero fighter planes were busy In the south. Ship-plans teams won control of the Macassar Strait from American forces operating with the Dutch and British, defeated a United Nations fleet in the Java Not until Japan reached the Coral Sea did her string of victories end. There, supported by Mod based aircraft, a United Nations fleet drove a strong Japanese task force north Into her newly conquered islands, though there was no thought that that Yletory for the United Notions final.
Last week exactly six months tbs surprise attack on Pearl Harbor, Japan again tried her lock In the north. Raiding parties of Japanese aircraft hit at Dutch Harbor In Alaska's Aleutian Island!. Southward 1,800 miles, another heavier attack was directed against Midway Island, American outpost between Pearl Harbor and Tokyo. This time the Japanese did not find American planes lined •9 on the ground, ao many easy targets for Japanese bombers. They were In the air and fighting. Japanese airplane carriers, battle-•hips, cruisers and transports Buffered heavy damage, damage far out of proportion, It la reported, to that suffered by the defender». The Midway area not only remained In American hands but the Japanese force appeared to ilmp off after a bad mauling by Army, Navy and Marine Corps filera.
O—
CORSET LORE Discussions as to the possibility of a shortage of feminine form eompreasora such as corsets and girdles due to the need of conserving steel and rubber for wax leads recalls the lines of Samuel Hoffensetin:
ad.
This welding together of the two great democracies, under the impact of an international crisis, said the Lecture Board, Is the consummation of the fond hopes of all Christian Scientists. The Board alluded specifically to a poem written in 1898 by the Leader of this world-wide religious movement, Mrs. Eddy, which reads in part as follows:
' Brave Britain, bleat America 1 Unite your battle-plan; Victorious, all who live it,— The love for God and man."
und
Nothing from a straight line
awer> es
Re sharp]) as a woman's curves.
re-
Tfeeee are indeed times that try the souls of i Some tient ago in •oieeta were rationed hern### of the acute need of steel, ft was then Louis Shaw wrote:
Er
lish
*1
ng-
SCOUTING . .
aft
ers
- of state for an even keel, tone and tons of corset
(L INDIVIDUAL!
^Citizen’s
rnidh
t
Scoutmasters, Cubmasters and Commissioners of India last year contributed 10,000 rupees, or 760 pounds, to Britain's War Distressed Scouts Fund for Scout air raid sufferers.

The fie la east, the fates have

U. 8. Strategic Success
Other operations, perhaps even another attack on Hawaii oi an offensive against Russia, may have been dependent upon the success of the Midway attack and the mysterious happening# near Dutch Harbor. And in impulsing the Japanese. The Pacific Fleet may well have dealt the enemy a severe blow in the East. Bit it would seem too early to conclude that the Japanese defeat is a disaster.
In all probability, the Japanese possess sufficient sea and air strength, even after the Midway losses are subtracted, to attempt either new offensive actions or to put up strong resistance against any operations undertaken by the United Nations.
Nevertheless, in preventing the Japanese from gaining possession of Midway, American forces have achieved a strategic success of
no mean importance. From Midway, the Japanese could have raided Pearl Harbor and possibly coukl have launched a major Pacific offensive with the Wmt Coast and the Panama Canal as ultimate objectives.
written
ladies new must bulge foi Britain.
%
I
1TA
(
ALU MAURICE ft IRWIN .
Dunnvtile Chronicle
Toronto Boy Scout Leaders have been giving cooking Instruction to a detachment of fifty girls of the Food Administration Service of the Canadian Red Cross Corps. The course is being given at the Crooked Creek Boy Scout campsite, and is a feature of preparations being made by the Red Cross against any war eventuality which may call for the emergency feeding of large numbers of persona.
LESSON FOR FATTIES Ten co-eds of the University ef Chicago went without sugar in their food and drink for two weeks by way of experiment. At the end of that time they had leet an aggregate of over 26 pounds. This may teach something to men, ms well as women, tu the fatty forties and fifties.
—St. Thomas Times-Journal
A Weekly Column About This and That in The Csuiadian Army
National unity is a term that has been loosely, often much too loosely, interpreted to mean the interrelation • of English and French speaking Canadians. So % generally accepted has this interpretation become that most of us seem to have forgotten that national unity is non-existent so long as the tribulations of Canadians in any of the provinces art not shared by Canadians in the other provinces.
What prompts this sermonizing i* the recent flurry over the reduction of the gasoline rationing-unit in the Maritime Provinces from five gallons to two due to a shortage which by the time this reaches print may have disappeared. There was a perfectly natural feeling down east that it was not fair that Ma vit inters should be on ‘short commons” when drivers in the other six provinces still could obtain their full ration.
Ottawa answered by pointing out reasons that fully justified the reduction.
All of this is a preamble to the charge that we are failing to live up to our privilege of serving in the ranks of the Individual Citi-
sen's Army.
How?
It should be obvious!
Have we in the central and western parts of the country any moral right to five gallons of gasoline when because of transportation or any other difficulties, fellow privates in cur behind the linea army
closer to actual warfare and tentiaJ attack—have to be reduced to two gallons?
Why, if there is true national unity, do we not spare the public embarrassment of Ministers we employ to govern us by voluntarily reducing our consumption of gasoline to the lowest level forced upon any geographical section ol‘ the Dominion?
Citizen* of
We cheerfully and voluntarily ration ourselves in the use of tea, coffee and sugar. Why not ration ourselves in the use of gasoline? If we can drink our fewer cups of tea and coffee unsweetened why can’t we walk a mile or two and save the gasoline we would have used for war uses?
Across this country from coast to coast business experts are devoting their talents to the working out of a system of price and supply control that will spare us the horrors of inflation and maintain stocks of essential war goods for our fighting forces. Some of these men serve without pay, tne others—away from their normal occupations—sacrifice the normal advancements and promotions they could expect if they stayed in their own jobs.
1 hcfc men don’t enjoy restricting and controlling their neighbours—it takes a Nazi mentality to enjoy that sort of thing—and they welcome action on the part of Canadians that makes their work easier.
Why can’t we then, who are all out to win the war in the best way we can, make rationing and control unnecessary. Surely we can stint ourselves for the common good!
The soldier who leaves a $150 a month job to volunteer to serve in uniform for (in the case of a single man) a little more than half of that amount has voluntarily rationed himself much more severely than we have been called upon.
Sugar, tea, coffee, gasoline and tires, as this is written, are the only rationed commodities. It’s funny how som 2 of them tie in with each other. The use of less sugar reduces the "spare tires’’ some of us carry around. The use of less gasoline increases the life of “spare tires” we cannot replace.
Have you joined the Reserve Army yet? Encouraging signs are visible in some parts of the country since this workable body was set up to give those ineligible for active service overseas a chance to train themselves for home defence but I have not heard any commanding officer say yet that he can’t handle any more recruits.
That’s another branch of the Individual Citizen’s Array!
\

One war service job of Bethnel Green (London) Boy Scouts was the erection recently of 4,000 bunks in local Tube shelters.
WANTED TO KNOW
Someone has reported the text ef a telegram sent to railway headquarters in Nairobi, East Africa, by a native telegrapher down the line.
The telegram read :	"Three
lions on platform. Station master in water tank. Please wire instruct ions.
Keystone Of Pacific Both pointa attacked by the Jep-were shrewdly chosen to draw the concerned attention of American military chieftains. Their military value to America great. Dutch Harbor, a small Bland of matted grass and five trees, stands near the base of the Aleutians that arc out 1,600 miles toward Japan. It It i place of rain and enow and fog and hard winds, and there the United States
J
#

War Savings Stamps were the admission tickets sold at the door for a Boy Scout and Girl Guide entertainment at the Nora n da
High School.
$
Discussing the previous sparetime training of young recruits for the Imperial Forces, Brig.-General Clark, for over 30 years a training officer of Regular Army and Territorial units, was recently quoted as giving first place to former Boy Scouts. Said General Clark: "A batch of First Class Scouts or King's Scouts would prove more acceptable to a Commanding Officer or a Sergeant Major as recruits than a similar number of lads with any other form of spare-time occupation in their past.”
-	•	• e
The newest Canadian Boy Scout war service project is the sending of good used Scout uniforms to British Boy Scouts now unable to secure them.
«
>
J
»»
¦%

Boston Globe
f
—o—
BRIGADIER IN IROQUOIS
Brigadier O. M. Martin, named to command a brigade in the 7th Canadian Division, is a full-blooded Iroquois. Tecumseh would be proud of him, especially as he fought overseas during the Great War with the Canadian infantry and the Royal Flying Corps.
—Broclrville Recorder and Times

LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher
If
f
4
y
$
l

//
TASTE OF BOTH .
It was Wordsworth's lament that “plain living and high thinking are no more.” But now the plain living is being enforced and we are beginning some tall think-
*

r
W L

i»r
r
—Kansas City Star NO OIL; NO DUST Why worry ? There won’t be enough road oil to lay the dutt that motorists won't raise anyway.
—Kitchener Record
1
who are much

t

¦-
#

po-
»
A growing proportion of the men of H. M. Forces who have distinguished themselves in important actions with the enemy are being discovered as former Boy Scouts or Scout leaders. Among the Swordfish pilots who attacked the warships, Gneisenau and Scharnhorst and gave their lives, was Lieut. Bligh, a member of the 159th North London Boy Scout Troop. Lieut. David L. Davies, who took a prominent part in the St Nazaire raid, also was a Scout, and the complete job of “quartermastering” for another commando raid was handled , by a former Scoutmaster. Lord Lovat, leader of the Boulogne Commando raid, is President of the Inverness-shire Boy Scouts Association.
I

*
r «
»
«
/
Tank Fights Duel With Italian Sub
if 0
I
. o
!
2>°

What seems to be the first duel between a tank and a submarine was fought just before the British campaign in Libya opened, ¦ays London Calling. A British officer, telling the story in a BBC broadcast, explained how, in making our preparations for the offensive, we reinforced the Tobruk garrison with heavy infantry tanks

countries where
"verboten” is a familiar word read garbled accounts of our provincial differences, accounts that are magnified to the point of making some of us appear to be "oppressed minorities,” when such •tories are published.# fact that such stories are published is the fault of the citizens who fail to give the lead to those they have set in authority.
at
t


But the

3*14
Without the Germans suspecting, the tanks were taken up to Tobruk in small barges draft vessels with no great turn •f speed. One barge was nosing gently along the coast bound for Tobruk when an Italian submar-surfaced near her and opened The crew of the tank were abtard and fortunately in their chine when the attack began. The turret of the tank was just protruding above the gunwale of the barge; it was rapidly swung around and a two-pounder with armor-piercing shot was turned on the Italian submarine.
The Italian got the shock of his life when a little flat-bottomed tub of a boat suddenly unleashed rapid and sustained fire that was altogether too accurate. The submarine ceased fire and dived. The barge and cargo went

hallow
"Why do you always avoid me ? ! !”
REG LAR FELLERS—What’s in a Name?
By GENE BYRNES
^ SEE HERE, >VU yDUMû l SCALAWAG / STOP BOUNCING THAT BASEBALL AGAINST ---1 THIS WALL f	-
<
CONFOUND IT, BOy/ HOW CAN A PERSON REST WITH THAT ETERNAL THUMPING GOING ON? 1 NOW, GO AWAY' ^
J
SWANK
AVl£.
AVtiUrvtt
cum
fire.
o'
>
7i
AW, BE A 5POR%, \ 1
MISTER IT'S THE V


BEST WALL IN TOWN

y
ATHLETES f PHOOEy'
II
61
Vi
II
I
r
II
1
I*
11



I

%

G
7
1rs If. S Pet
f ^
o -
4
###PAGE###7###
C.N.R. Can Handle Increased Traffic
Hat)* You HrnurdT
CLERK GRADUATES TO C P. AIRLINES
Z
What Science I» Doing
HikUi ##-mW bend.
Although tbs Canadian r#M moving the largest vet-w# of tmffW la their history, they can handle more freight without <Hffl ulty, stated K C. Vaughan, President, Canadian National Railways, recently.
Using the yardstick of the Canadian National increase in business, Mr. Vaughan stated that the . y general increase in the volume of I yZ business now being handled la approximately 20 per cent, more than in the peak year of 1928, and more than f 6 per cent greater than that handled by the railways during the peak year of
“Net only
Wap*
beared
ut>e y
I
• »
1
SORGHUM SUGAR
A method of getting a# mush sugar from sorghum as from average Louisiana cane, with valuable by-products as well, is the Invention of two U S. Department of Agriculture chemists, who have assigned their rights to the Secretary of Agriculture, without payment of royalties to them-•eJvef.
Syrup and a sweet silage have been obtained from aorghum for Science Service explain#,

“bat
“Yee," replied Brown,
i



**••1 d whet Instrument de yoe
pk7r
"Second fiddle,** retorted Pte
hi.
•Mil






K :i

't

\
“So*# busybody be# told ¦f wife Ibet I took you to a donee the other night/' said the maaagor to hie eoorotary.



\

%
* i *


I
/
um


years
but the sugar contained could not b# efficiently and economically crystallized out by the usual methods of boiling in a vacuum pan and then centrifuging, because of the formation of “gum»”.
These gum*, the inventors found, were composed principally of starch and alkaline earth salts, the latter principally calcium with some magnesium. They made the syrup too viscous when boiled down. The inventors’ procès# remove# these impurities and recovers starch and calcium and acton itic acid as valuable by-prod-

\

I
/
what about It ?”
“Wall,

I
aehed the girl. That makoe y
r secretary '
’ « 4
the last world war ¦
we take more traffic and move It quickly and efficiently today,” he added, “but we can do It with proportionately leee expense than we did in 1928.”
Freight Traffle
Mr. Vaughan pointed out that before had the railways
#e
X 1
mf for-
I
can
f



I
I
¥



fll
Two Negoes were discuselng their chances of being drafted.
“Taint gwlne to do ’em no good 4e pick on me,” said Sam, “cause I ain't gwlne to do no fightin' 1 Ah ain't loot nothing in dem countries, an' dey can't make me fight”
“You may be right,” replied Hose, “Uncle Sam can't make yea al fight but he can take yo’ where de fightin' is an' den ye' uee ye# own judgment.v






I
i

?

never
been so effectively organized to move large volumes of traffic. “We are doing a tremendous thing as Canada's biggest war industry,” he said, “and we are geared to the highest of speed.” He pointed out that new yards had sprung up throughout the system, special traffic controls, and storage yards, where goods are assembled to await telegraphic orders to be loaded and rushed to whatever sea-port determined. “These are but a few of the improvements in the science of modern railroad*/ ing,” he added. “Heavier motive power has made it possible to operate fast, through freight trains and to increase the size of the loads carried
be said that today we virtually begin the number of freight cars hauled, where in the last war the peak of loads finished a long freight train was between 60 and 60 cars; in this war, our trains frequently begin at 60 care and run as high as 90 loaded care, or more; and there has been no evidence whatever of congestion in our operation to the seaboards.”
Passenger Traffic
Passenger traffic, Mr. Vaughan stated, was proportionally heavy. He said that not only were there heavy demands made upon the railways for troop movements of the various services, bat apart from that there were “induatrlal^ chartered trains, operated daily, to carry monitions workers te plants located outside eltâee and towns. He intimated that at present, the National System had more than 100 coaches assigned solely to this service. Apart from these special demanda upon the railways, there was a tremendoee increase in general passenger traffic.





ucts
The syrup can then be easily reduced to sugar by the usual
C
processes.
Sugar cane requires two year# to mature and needs therefore a climats free from killing frosts in the winter. Sorghum, on the ether hand, can be planted in the spring and harvested in the autumn. It grow# over large section* of the country and does well in the dry areas.
The youag reporter told over and over égala le cut his story to the hare essentiel* cerne out this wayi
“j. Smith looked ap the shaft at the Wallick Hotel this morning to eoe If the lift was on its way down. It was. Aged 45.”
So hie nest story
. The magnaflux crack detector is a vital piece of machinery for the checking of engine parte. Misa Marjorie Sutton operates the machine which pours a flow of oil and iron Tilings over me magnetized engine part. Where the material has for any reason cracked or is faulty, the magnetism will draw the iron fillings into a line. Thus many a faulty part with cracks too small for the human eye to see has been discarded. Had the faulty part been used it might have given way in flight causing a crash and perhaps death. Miss Sutton was a clerk in s department store before she came to the aircraft engine overhaul plant operated by the ( anad an 1 ar f < Air
lines.
%
i
In fact, it might
»
i %
The lorry driver was unfortunate enough to run his vehicle into a house where a woman stood baking. Having lost his nerve, he did not know what to say, and blurted out:
“Can you tell me the way to Birmingham?”
“I can,” replied the woman. “Straight past that sideboard and then turn left at the piano.”
New War Plant To Dwarf Others

Many of the Canadian women i the fusilage and doing the thou-who have stepped into the places sand and one things that have to of men in the factories and plants be done in constructing the air-throughout Canada have come craft that one day will drive Hit-straight from school and many 1er and his gang from the face others have left jobs in offices of the earth.
and stores to exchange typewrit- Even in the aircraft eng.ne filing cabinet* and cash régis- overhaul planta which the vana-for wrenches, screwdrivers dian Pacific Airlines operate, wo-
kinds in men find their place. Girls are
In 1918,
Chrysler Co. Plans Largest Industrial Building In The World.
Adolf Hitler, who long boasted of Germany's war production facilities, may feel a twinge of pain in his heart, head or both when he hears of the Chrysler Corporation*» plans for building a new war plant that will utterly dwarf the largest industrial building in the world, according to The Buffalo Courier-Express.
The new plant is important, not only for the mass of war materials that will come out of it when it gets into production, but also for the large amount of vital materials that will not go into he construction.
•rs,
ters —p—pp
and gauges of variouiPpPi	I
their desire to be of more use in testing spring tension, checking Canada’s war effort. They have ci.gine parts, ‘ dismantling and thus been able to release able- cleaning carbureters, cleaning and bodied men for service in the testing spark plugs and doing forces in ever-increasing numbers, many of the jobs, under the eye Gun plants, explosive factories of expert», which men formerly
and aircraft plants heve all found did
tasks to which their nimble The strange part of it all is finger» are adapted. Several of that they like it. Few of them aircraft plants operated by want to go back to selling hats,
Airlines office work, or dispensing “Pink their I Pills” over a drug store counter, and all are heart and soul in their
“I'm not half good enough for you
“Why, Bill, you talk just like one of my own family.”
20,000,000 Mexicans Join United Nations
Laborer: “I dug this hole where I waa told to, and began to put the dirt back like I was supposed But all the dirt won’t go in. What’ll I dor
The supervisor pondered, and then said: “I have it only one thing to do. You’ll have tor dig the hole deeper.”
Mexico’s entry into the war wt* line up nearly 20,000,000 more persona against the Axis and boost the Western Hemisphere total to 179,986,874, according U figures In the 1942 World Almanac.
The Mexican population—l#r 478,791—la second only te the United States total of 181,66*r 276 among the twelve New World nations warring against Germany, Italy and Japan.
The others and their popula-
Canadn, 11,422,000$ Cubn, 4,228,000; Guatemala, 248,000; Haiti, 8,000,000$ Nicaragua, 1,880,287; Panama, 4«7r 459$ Costa Rica, 616,000; K1 Salvador, 1,704,497; Honduras, lr 106,684 and Dominican Republie, 1,616,661.
many
to
the
the Canadian Pacific have girls, many of them in
late teens and early twentiesJPPggggggMPPgSggg sewing fabric on wings, painting work doing their best to help in euperstructures, doaping wings, the best way they can to beat the installing instruments, building Rome-Berlin-Tokyo gangsters.
There’s
Chrysler engineers, together with Albert Kahn, industrial architect, have evolved a revolutionary type of factory design which inquires only 2.7 ounds of steel per square foot of floor area instead of five to twelve pounds generally used In conventional structures.
•“The saving on steel will bo one ugh to build fourteen destroyers or six 10,000-ton cargo •tape,” the announcement said.
Production potentialities of fee new plant m»|r bo gauged gen the statement that the plant wife be big enough to put the Ford Willow Run bomber plant inside and still leave enough room for twenty ball diamonds around the edge. The fence around the plant will bo almost four miles
Seeing her former suitor at a party, a girl decided to snub him.
“So sorry,” she murmured when the hostess introduced him, “but I didn’t get your name.”
“I know you didn't,” said the unabashed man, “but you certainly tried hard enough.”
C N R War Effort Mr. Vaughan added that the Canadian National Railways were doing a fine work in the production of war materials, as well as in the moving of them. He pointed out that Canadian National shops were making naval guns and other war devices of which he could not apeak sweepers had been built, a# well as a number of 10,000-ton cargo
boats ¦jp(l _ tÊÊÊÊÊ
charge of operation for the Government, a fleet of merchant ships, which had been acquired from time te time ft powers, both neutral and otherwise. Many key-men have been loaned te various government vices, and more than 7,000 railway men were on active service with the Canadian fore
Modern Etiquette
Lucky Shot
Won# are
1.	What is something one should always avoid saying in a letter?
2.	la it the duty of everyone who was invited to a wedding to call on the bride after she returns from her honeymoon ?
3.	When there is some item on the menu which one does not understand, is it all right to ask the waiter what it is?
4.	Should one ever sip coffee, tea or water at the table while food is in the mouth?
6. .If a man of fee te shake hands with a woman upon being intoduced, does she ignore the gesture?
6. la it proper for one to uee a telephone to acknowledge receipt of a gift?
All available arms were put into use (at Pearl Harbor, Dec. 7). A country lad from the west had a standard rifle shoved in his hand, says Blake Clark in “Remember Pearl Harbor.”
“Get out and shoot !” was the
command.
The boy had not been trained to handle a heavy rifle, but he had done lots of hunting in hia day. He drew a bead on a small dive bomber coming in, and fired One of the freak accidents of
the war occurred.
Apparently • his bullet hit the detonator of the bomb the Japan-
about to drop, for the
King Of Belgium Lives As Prisoner
Several mine
Is
There are about 3,000 m United States campe for entlous objectors.
The company also had
King Leopold of the Belgians is still a voluntary prisoner In his castle of Laeken. Travelers from Brussels say Leopold has made hie life as simple aa he can. He respect# the rationing strictly, seing food tickets like the rest of hie subjects. He virtually never receives visitors, as he insists that he considers himself as a prisoner of war.
Employer (interviewing
jab):	T
y thing ebmi t electricity V*
“Yn, sir.”
long
tarer
“Whets
ese was
'plane burst in mid-air The boy fainted.
Apparently it was the steelsaving features of the new plant that enabled the corporation te get tbs green light from the government for ite building. Work on the plant, to be located In the
Middle West, will be begun in a few days. But its exact location and the type of war materials to be produced were not announced.
The construction of this plant should help to quell the fears of those who believed that America’s krge existing production facilities are not sufficient to compete with those of the Reich. And the announcement eggs on the imagination to wonder what the dimensions of future war plants are likely to be.
nothin*”
4
...CLASSIFIED ADVEITISEMENTS...
HOW CAN I?
ANSWERS
1.	Avoid writing “There isn’t any news; everything is going along in just about the usual fashion.'' This is very dull, stupid, and uninteresting and is a waits of both the writer's and the reader’s time and energy. There is always something about which is write, and the observant person with an active mind has no trouble in this respect.
2.	Yes.
3.	Yes. Only a timid person would hesitate to do so.
4.	No, the food should be swallowed before taking the liquid.
5.	While the woman is githln her social rights to ignore the man’s attempt to shake hands, still, no ons with the least spat* of good breeding would wish ts do anthing to hurt the feelings
of anoth^rHH^HHHpBHl
fore, respond to the man's offer te shake hands.
6.	No, H is not good form.
Q. How can I paint on g* surfaces?
A. Be sure that the glass In absolutely clean of grease is accomplished by washing with benzine or alcohol. Allow to dry thoroughly before applying first coat of paint. A straight white lead-linseed oil paint containing turpentine ie a satisfactory Over this may be
DTBING A CLEANING
FOR SALI
¦ An Y CHICKS
¦ATR TOU ANYTHING NBBDS dyeing or cleaning? Write to ns for Ini
NOBODY EVER MADE A PROFIT out of "dud" chicks — chicks of doubtful origin and liveability. They are apt to lay late and seldom and not develop Into profitable meat birds. But oh boy how they can put away the feed. There’s a grand market assured this season for both meat and eggs, and plenty of time etlll left to get In on the profits. But he sure you get the right start. Tweddle chicks are all quality chicks hatched from Government approved Mood-tested breeders. IS pure breeds, • hybrid crosses. # breeds of Turkeys to choose from. Prompt delivery, I hatches a week. Send for reduced price list and catalogue for June Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus. Ont._________________________
FOR SALE. GENERAL «TOM. small village, County Bruce. reason health. Apply F. A. Gibson
Real Estate. Paisley, Ontario.
This
formation. We are glad te r your questions. Deyart-H. T«rkar*a Dye Works
answer
pent _	__
Limited, Til Tonga ronto.
%
treat.
FOR IALI
¦¦Cow*
relient milkers, with first # ond calf at foot, also Tractor, large Lets Combination Feed Mill, other good used machinery, also ISIS stake body International Truck. S. A. Lister. 6S-60 Stewart Street, articlesjes be seen at R.R No 1 Oakville. Dundee Highway, West of Trafalgar.
FOR SALE — SEVEN

RHEUMATIC
Diesel
EVERY BUFF#*»
READ THIS ¦	_
•r of Rheumatic Pains or N tile should try Dixon's Remedy. Munro's Drug Store. 116 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
some
first coat, applied the desired color of paint
Q. How can I prepare a good fruit drink?
"HANDYMAN” JACK
summer
A. Use the following ingredients: sliced rips bananas, canned grapefruit and juice, whits “pillow” candy mints, slightly crushed. Pile in sherbet glasaes. Chill. Garnish with a sprig of mint
green cherry.	H
Q. How can I mend a
There are four birds whose wings are too small for flying: eaesoway, emu, kiwi and ostrich.
’HANDYMAN” JACK WITH 1M uses Lifts tractors
plements. stretches fences, paclty 6000 lbs. Free circular. B. Horst. Bt. Jacobs, Ontario.
MEDICAL
butldl
i?
ACCORDIONS WANTED
DIXON'S REMEDY — FOR N»UR-itls and Rheumatic Pains Thousands satisfied Munre'e Drug Store, 116 Elgin, Ottawa. Poet paid $1.00.
ACCORDIONS WANTED
Best prices paid for piano accordions, twelve to hundred and twenty base.
THE T. EATON CO. LTD.
rBTHERSTONHAUOB * COMPANY Patent Solicitors. Established 1890;	14 King West, Toronto.
Booklet of Information on request
OARS — USED AND NEW
She should, there-
f
t
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS Ltd Toronto’s oldest Chrysler, Plym ou lb dealers; three locations, six ML Pleasant Road 1040 ft 8l and 1060 Dan forth Area Our Used Cars make os many friends. Writs for our Free Booklet oa pedigreed alysed used can
A. Take some malted parafflB
and pour it into the vaee and allow to harden over the where the leak occur*. It will not leak
BAKERY EQUIPMENT
IaRHRS’ OVENS AND MACÜfiT ory, also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged Correspondence Invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co* 10# Bathurst 8L. Toronto.
OLD RUGS REWOVBN NR
Abdominal
Supports
For All Deformities
RUU8, NEW RUGS MADE FROM old. Dominion Rug Weaving Company, 964 Queen St W„ Toronto. Write for booklet.
renewed end an
Jfee GHtLS WHO SUFFER
scratches on furnheure ?
A. By rubbing boiled imseed ell, turpentine white vinegar, mixed hi proportions. For Hie
fffSNEMIHu
3
SALESMEN WANTED
over them
PHOTOGRAPHY
NIGHT MILLER
Write For Catalogue To

MILLER, 176-BARREL miles Toronto. Hayhoe ne Grove.	_______
SINCE 1111 F AMI LEX DEALKR8 have signed their "Declaration of Independence” with a business
AGENCY. If you are exempt from War Service, sell the 200 product# bucked by the Famous Pamllex Reputation. No risk. Ad v aim tag -eoue territories. Established . lientnle. Leaflet illustrating products Write FAMILBX PRODUCTS, 670 SL Clement, Montreal
DON’T TRUDGE THROUGH
The Heat, Relu, er Hell
2,73
S. J. Dew
If you suffer monthly crampe, 1 ache, distress of "lrregularl nervousness—due to functional
- mm ws
PftR SALE
1
thick mucilage Mixed with #Rg matter te blend with th<
THISSES1 SrJSSS?*
149 Church St., Tereate IS Years Established
IaJLE Ok cher 8n
Any 6 or 8 exposure film perfectly developed and printed for only lit Supreme guarantee
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
Station J. Toronto
RENT DWELLING BUT op. fully equipped, electric refrigerator and tools. Box 71, Woodville.	___________
Pinkham'e Vegetable Compound
and fa fit service
quality
Tablets (with added Iron). Made
ISSUE 25—*42
J
###PAGE###8###


' ' ' '

$out>\ Onslow School Board
Quyon, Cue, June 12, 1942
A regular meeting of the School Commissioners of the Township of South Onslow, was held on the above date at the usual place of meeting, all members of the Hoard being present.
On motion of Conor A mm, the minutes of last meeting were adopted as read.
On motion of Comr Poole, the fallowing bills were ordered paid, viz :
Ira Merrifield, supplies . . .
E. A Pritchard. ..	....¦¦
Special prize money. No. 3....	& ou
Sec Treat. salary and postage. .110 00
Motion—Comr l’oole, that this B >ard endeavor to obtain a permit fvr Margaret Campbell to teach at No. 4 School and that Board engage her.
Motion—Comr MacKechnie, that the three Schools close on June 23rd, and that there be a joint picnic at some central point.
On motion the Board adjourned.
If it is not already on its way to Rationing Headquarters you should
I
$10 76
6 67
MAIL YOUR APPLICATION CARD FOR
COUPON RATIONING
AT ONCE !
Jos, A. Steeie, Secretary Treasurer
CORRESPONDENCE
—O—
To the Editor:—
Recently President Rooseveldt declared the United Nations are in this war to preserve three freedoms ; freedom of government, freedom rf speech, and Freedom of Worship. For these we are sacrificing and suffering, ami many are dying. We feel these are supreme things in life. For we know that if the United Nations lose this war, the Nazis will enslave our bodies, regiment our minds, and paganize our religion.
However, 1 wonder if we realize that, while we fight for these great freedoms abroad, we may sabotage them at home. For example do we realize w hat we are doing in this Christian country to our faith and our religion. 1 am prompted to say this by what is happening on the early hours of Sunday morning because ot the thoughtlessness of the people of this district, titaffs of at ores in Shaw-ville, working from 7.30 a. m. have often found themselves compelled to serve in the stores past the midnight hour. Last Saturday night some stores did get closed by 12 midnight, but others ran as late as 12.30, and the restaurants continued until 2 00 a. m. With minds and bodies worn by a 10 hour day, who of these staffs can get around for morning services, be it they do are in fit condition to worsh'p, This means we are depriving them ot their
Freedom to Worship: doms for which the United Nations
fighting.
therefore 1 have no hesitation in urging that;—
1. All district people who can, do their shopping during the day or earlier on Saturday evening, so that all may be served by 10.00 p. in.
2 The Shawviile Municipal Council resurrect the petition presented to them last year by all the employees of the village for earlier closing of the stores on Saturday.
3. The eleven clergymen and the members of their churches in Shawviile and Clarendon unite in a crusade to save our Christian tradition of Sunday observance

orrV»
After July 1st no one will be able to purchase sugar for regular domestic use without turning in a ration coupon.
Application cards for coupon rationing for sugar have now been mailed to every household in Canada. But, in an undertaking so vast, some homes may have been missed, or some cards may have gone astray. So, no matter where you live, whether it is in areas served by letter carrier or not, if your application card is not already on its way to Rationing Headquarters, you should wait no longer.
After filling in the card, according to the instructions on the pamphlet which was delivered with it, just drop the card in the nearest mail box or post office. It needs no forwarding address.
Just drop the card in the nearest mail box or post office. It needs no forwarding address.

Hi
1**
l|0*
*»*

'i> ' M

ip



X
IJP®
M*yoHi
One of the free

are
V
>»
\

O*
:
c»"»

to*
IF YOU HAVE NOT RECEIVED AN APPLICATION CARD you should get one at the nearest Post Office at once.

AH Post Offices have received full instructions to rush application cards for coupon rationing to the nearest Wartime Prices and Trade Board Office^ where they will get immediate attention and the coupon ration cards mailed right back to you.
Alex F. Pokes
amount of sugar as at present—V2 lb. per person per week. The same provision as at present for
additional quantities for preserving and jam and jelly making will be continued. Special
*5
voucher forms for this purpose are being supplied all retailers.
The ration cards being issued for use July 1st are for sugar only, and good for 10 weeks. At the end of that period a coupon ration book good for 6 months will be issued. Under the new system of coupon rationing, you are allowed the same
IN MEMORIAM
\\ all-In loving mernoiy of Thomas E.
Wall, who passed away. June 24th, 1940,
Gone dear father ; gone forever,
How we mi>8 your Mailing face,'
But you left us to remember None on earth can take your place.
A happy home we once enjoyed—
How sweet the memory still—
But death has left i lonlinoe The world can never fill.
Ever runt inhered by
Harvey and Edythr
}
COUPON
RATIONING
means no change in your ALLOWANCE OF
SUGAR
1


THE WARTIME PRICES AND TRADE BOARD
Uncle Sam Thinks Pourvu Leaf Clovers Are Lucky
You may have wondered why if find one four-leaf clover you

SR-2A
you ¦ e
will soon find another nearby, as likely as not. If these leaves were traced back to their creeping stems they would be found usually to originate in one plant. But here is another odd point: if the whole plant, tremendous roots and all, were unearthed and separated from other plants it would probably re- j veal some leaves divided into three, sçme into four, and some into five, six, or even seven leaflets, i A public exhibit in the patio of the U. S. Department of Agriculture
n will set forth
I
NOTICE
Malmbnrg’s Garage at Campbell's Bay Instal Electric Welder
STRAYED

For Beautiful
AGFA
ANsee
From the pasture at Wyman, one year-old heifer and one year old steer, both red and white, knowing their whereabouts, please in-, form
We wish to announce to the people of Campbell’s Bay district that we have recently installed a new electric welder, and are in a position to do all kinds of welding. No job too heavy • no job too light. *

Any person
Cemetery Memorials
GORDON RUSSETT
McKee, Que.
( Plenachrome )
MALM BURG’S GARAGE Campbell’s Bay Que.
Write or phone
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont

building in Washing to
these foldings. * '	H
i But the gospel of clover for luck, beginning ages ago, has long been preached by our agricultural experts. For instance, in 1936 clover-and-prosperity meetings were held In 114 Missouri counties. In that year in Alabama more than 8,000,-pounds of clover and other winter-legume seeds were planted.
The benefits to the farmer include " enriching the soil for subsequent crops when the clover, roots and stubble, or "green manure” is turned under the sod, and providing excellent pasture for livestock. In Virginia the regular turning under of one variety of clover for five years increased the annual com yield
££ £ SKS.01 &£?£55 i-«
in various states prove that the	Mr. and Mrs. Ewart Hodgins
farmer	clover can
his own luck.
The Guaranteed AII-weatherFilm

ESTABLISHED 1883
Phone, 278
J
COACH
OH
INVALID
GEO. HYNES & SON
CARDS OF THANKS
Teachers Wan tech
A Protestant teacher, holding Quebec Elementary Diploma, salary $6V0.Ufc Give references. Apply to.
H. G Wills,
8. r«
Farrelltoo. Que.
THE CORNER STORE

We desire to express our sincere thanks to all those who rushed to our assistance on Tnursday evening when nur home was destroyed by fire Special thauks to Shawviile Creamery for send-
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
V^Shawville Oue.
Estate Mrs, M. C. Howard Main and Centre Sts. SHAWVILLE

Phone 80
p«1 q •

Cbarterjs, Que.

