###PAGE###1###
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United State
i
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUIij THURSDAY, NOVEMBER i>7tb, 1941
No. 2'1 û9tu Year
Pontiac Ambulance Fund
Dr. F. W. MARTIN GOWLING!
BUSINESS COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Street8
BORN
The committee fire pleased to a n non nee that the Pontiac Ambulance Fund now amounts to almost $ 1400 ( $ 1750 total mjuired )
This is counting some amounts raised ' for this purpose hut not yet deposited.
To persons interested in making donations we suggest that they give the amount to a member of their local council before Council Day, Monday next, or make a deposit in the Bank of Montreal, Shuwville.
At Pontiac Community Hospital. I	Surdon Dentist
Shawville, on Thursday, Nov 13.1	surgeon Lyenusi
HMI, to UiN'm Ciias Hines, G. G.
Band, st John. N.B., ami Mrs. C. T. Pauls Building, Main Street
Hines (nee Hazel Klliott, of Zion)»
son —Charles Leslie.	Phone 119
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Relax, Spread Out and Be Comfortable
BE-
Ottawa Ontario

Thi old reliable school has removed to large and finer premises. The finest and most modern in On tar schoo with an reputatio
with
DIED
—O—
Smith —At her late home, Campbell's Bay. Que., on Sunday, November 23, fill I, Frances M. Smith, in her 81st year. Funeral takes place from the late hoim this Wednesday afternoon, 2ftth. to Campbell’s Bay Holiness Movement Church and Union Cemetery. The late Mrs. Smith was the sister of Mr Herbert Smith and Mrs. Win. Horsfield, of Sba.vville, and Mrs. James Belslier, of Yarm
Attend a
established
Open all year.
MARRIED
O
ALADDIN
Shawville Committee
QuAILK -CUNNINGHAM
W. E. COWLING President
H. W. BRAITHWAITk Principa
The United Church nvin*e A>1 mer, was the scene of a pretty wedding Wednesday afternoon, when Gladys May Cunningham, daughter ot Mr. and Mrs. John Cunningham, Stark’s Corners, be-the bride of Arthur Lloyd Quaile, son of Mrs. Quaile and the late Arthur Quaile of Moorehead.
The pastor, Rev. K. Woodwork, officiated.
The bride, who was attended by Mrs. Allen Carey as matron of honor, chose a street-length frock Miss Bertha Telford, of Ottawa, I of soldier blue in two piece style, visited relatives in towp and with A gored skirt, meshed like
inity .luring the „„st week end.	HARLAND C. ROWAT
Mrs. Harold Hayward, of Mon- sleeves donned at wrist and hand
trcal, was • a recent guest at the e(j with three rows of fluted frills
home of Mr. and Mrs.. H. Itnison. | H^r hat was a navy ofT-the-faee
.	„ i(llQl, .model with shoulder length veil
Mr. and Mrs. Ambrose Howaid, L|n(j sjie wore navy accessories
of Guelph, are spending a vacation corHfl$fe was of Talisman roses.
with relatives in town and at The matron of honor wore an
Portage du fort.	I airforce blue sheer frof k with
black accessories and a corsage of
Annaul Meeting, Clarendon Red Cross
The ladies of Clarendon Red Cross Unit No. 10 held their annual meeting at the home of Mis. Robt. Wallace on the afternoon of Wednesday, Nov. 5th, 1011.
The following officers were elected :—President, Mrs. Rac Wilson ; Vice-President Mrs. Fred Dale ; Sec.-tree surer, Mrs. Mervyn Fades Official delegate, Mrs. C. Palmer ;
A reporter the work done during the year was lead. The report is as follows
IK suits pyjamas, 1 nightgown, 8 shit ts, 2 skirts, 2 slip®, 11 dressing gowns D dresses, 11 pair of bloom* ers, 5 blouses, 4 coat and beret set*, 10 quilts 3 sweaters, 5 pi. mitts and 28 pr. socks.
MODERN
WHITE LIGHT
JAMES A. MILLAR
B. A. L. L L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning At Pontiac House, Shaw ville every Wednesday at Noon
came
Uses 94 per cent, air—only 6 per cent, oil Is absolutely safe—Can’t explode
Yours for only $6.25
PERSONAL MENTION
Vl(
NOTARY PUBLIC
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
Estate C.J. Caldwell
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE. QUE
i

City of Bristol Campaign Fund
t
f
J. OSCAR
K.C
An appeal from the city of Bristol, England through the Lord Mayor requesting for friends to assist the inhabitants who have been subjected to a severe gruelling occasioned by the present con. filet was expressly directed to the Township of Bristol in view of the fact that this township was one of their namesakes.
At a meeting convened at Mr. Charles Bussell'* at Pine Lodge Wednesday evening Oct. 2Uth. Robert Grant was named
treasurer and
Dr. Wallace Hodgins, of Mon
Hodgins.	I Mr*. Quaile left by motor for
On their return they
Advocate Barrister, Soliciter, etc.
Office : Campbell's Bay, Quebec (In Lawn Block)
Zion Women’s Association will Montreal hold a food sale at the Cotie— ] will reside at Mooiehead Hobbs butcher shop on Saturday afternoon, Nov. 2Uth,

TRY US FOR
Men’s and Boys’ Heavy Winter Clothing
DONAT Le GUERRIER Notary Public!
( /ft ( BELL'S PAY, QUCEEC
DEATHS
Mr. M. J. Hughes, of Staten Island, New York City, spent the week end visiting his sister and brother at Campbell'* Hay,
William H. Dods
Mi
chairman and Father Enright secretary.
This campaign for funds was under the direct sponsorship of his worship, Mayor McLellan, and duly authorized canvassers appointed to call upon the ratepayers and sympathetic friends.
Monday evening, Nov, 17 marked the close of the canvass and the
held at Pine Lodge gave
Mrs. A. Skeldon and sons, Harvey William Horaburg Dods a welland Allen, have returned to their known farmer of Bristol Town-home in Edwards, N. Y ., alter nliip, died suddenly on Thursday months' visit with lelatives in this morning at his late home four-district.	| miles east of here at the age of 02
Kt	j	"Zr
CB ï tisr I
mmmmm
Mrs. H. A Harradence, of Prince his twin brother. Max. of Bristol
He was a member of St
will call ary
Branch at uyon
Monday on request
Matters dealt with by correspondence
were
Mr
R. MILLER WAL LACE
ADVOCAT - BARRISTER __ HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfcct Holt], C»n ill Ba every Tuesday at Neon, t Pontiac House, Shawville every Tuesday Evening.
Men’s Heavy Weight Pants
All wool worsteds good heavy weights, nice grey and brown shades, well made with good deep pockets .
85.00 H
returns
tangible evidence of the generosity with which the appeal was met when the gratifying amount of $ 382,00 was realized.
Donations from the various canvassers were as follows : —
C. Hoy and J. Campbell...
B. Wilson and C. Wilson.
Edward Kelly............
Thomas Gallagher........
Leo Elliott..............
J. Duff and M Smith.....
R I Lucas...............
John Caldwell...........
John McCauley........,—
H. Marks and R Fitzsimons 19 00
30 00 17H 10
$17 50 20 00 10 50
Mens Breeches
A special whipcord breech made in good weight grey
cloth. Extra value ................. $4*50
D. J. CAMPBELL
Albert, Sask , bus been visiting at Corners the homes of her brothers, Messrs. Andrew’s United Church A. II. and Fred A Horner. Her The funeral was held on Sat nr* son, Milton, who recently received | day afternoon. Service was con his wings at the ICC.A F.. train- ducted at the late home by the ing school at Trenton, came for Rev. A. F. Pokes, pastor of Shaw-the week-end.	ville United Church, who delivered
from the text—“Come
5 00
Veterinary Surgeon
in// Us:
io oo
21 50 10 25 25 75
Phono 81
Mens’ Winter Shirts
Slightly late in arrival but we have them now, swell patterns, plain or fancy, made in good winter-
weight cloths. All sizes 14 to 18 $1-25 tO 2 00
it to
a sermon unto me all ye tint labor and are heavy laden and 1 will give you rest.” Three favourite funeral hymns were sung.
Interment was made at Norway Ray cemetery, the pall*bearer* were, Messrs. John Smith, Lewi* Harkne«s, Borden Ilodgins Earl I)uds, Harold Dodsand Jack James the latter two of Lanark, Out.
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
Mr. G. A Howard went to Mountain View, Ont , last week to witness the graduation exercises of the Flying School, where his
. Beverly, received Returning lie was
R. Graham and N Me Lei lan Cliai les Russell............
609 Drummond Medical Building
youngest son
ids wings. !	,	...
, accompanied by Heverly, who will The regular monthly meeting of I ^penci a f urlough at his home the Wyman Women’s Institute |1H|.0 nn,| |ps daughter, Mrs. Robt. was held at the home of Mrs. Geo. H,.y(jen# „f Guelph, Ont.
Meld rum, when sixteen members and many visitors responded to
£.K,	I	J. L Honoured
dent. Miss Abbie Pritchard pre
Wyman Womens’ Institute
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE PLATEAU 63 8 8
Boy’s Windbreakers
New two tone effects, zipper front, splendid school garments several styles,....	$2.25 to $4.50
Oft WALLACE J. W. HODCINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
James I. Manary Dies at Quyon
Boys’ Breeckes
-, ,	,, saUt.int I On Tuesday evening. Nov. 11th,
¦¦H
Roberta Scott, demonstrator, and	- - ?	—	former Catherine Reid. He clerk*
JUïïÆSâS rfiSSiX*’ u*. A.,iii.r„ s,. tw. m*	% Lt, SZ BEATTIE’S eye service
The member* are asked to bring	- Fort Coulonge Hardware, and ^
«lists» i kv grabat ", «2	«...,	cm*,,,,
fcÆrriW»?sÆ	s	“îü*;?.	m«». tanne
of another $ 5 war saving certifi- berry. Ten members and tom secretary for the Pontiac Agn
cate for the branch.	visitors were present.	cultural Society, for ten years. He
The report of the semi-annual Mrs, Hare Ilannabei ry, vice also was a member of the Pontiac specialists on all visual and muscular eye defects
«.%XlM'r.bJ?."kllroÿ,V“«d Eii'nT ff m"n„ï7S.1» ly IS'. fi/yet™. “ talô.f.r", T, T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Boltins,
S±&	r.d. Z'iTI wm lb5,SS'... . „r„, l„v„ ot
rmt-p an exhibit for the 1042 Fair Murphy being holder of the luc ky «ports, and took great pleasure in detail-, to be arranged later,	ticket, After the business session, horse racing, and at the tune ot
A naiier on New Educational the remainder of the afternoon bis death owned three race horses.
Methods was given by Mrs. L. was «pent making qmlt blocks and The numerous Aural offerings Stanley, Announcement was knitting.	and messages of symnathy showed
made of a meeting to be held in Dainty refreshments were serv. the high esteem in which the de-
Missis *H di,,siir ®r i* «UdMir -sSiss, ir- .dd,,,».u.
P-Î„»J>" ----- J”1”"	. »d.l four ...	»
«„d Mrs S W Mackèchme and home for the annual meeting to be Mrs. John Smith and Mrs. Wm. a social hour followed.	| held Thursday afternoon, Dec, 11 J Staye, Foam Lake, Sask.
Made from heavy Humphrey cloths well trimmed with leather pockets, the kind that appeal to all boys
$2.25 to $3.50
1224 St.Cat he rine St re et.West MONTREAL, QUE.
ELAIR 3257
H K. NEILSON, M.D.
Boys’ Underwear
A new boys’ underwear, made in combination style l only, part wool, fair weight not bulky but warm and |j just the thing for school wear, 26 to 32, $1.00
Eye Ear, Nose Throat eciali
MEDICAL ARTS JUILDING
been
!
Interment was it
Rev. Mr.
t'< > r
ONT
OTTAWA,
i
PHONE, 2-7961
Mitts, Gloves, Wool Socks, Overalls, Caps
For long wear and solid comfort
wear VIMY
MHNQL\	The Miner pressure cured
laced rubbers
.. waterproof to the top
»
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Reg. Optometrist
e # e
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
Sizes for the whole family.
%
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
THE W. A. HODCIHS STORE
Quebec
Shawville
QUE
SHAW VILLE


à
6226
###PAGE###2###
tailment of automobile manufacture and by curtailing sale* of gasoline.
No gasoline Is sold at night or on Sundays. The installation of nil-burning equipment has been prohibited. Despite the shot1 ta go, prie-es have been strictly controlled. For the future only two grades of gasoline will be available to Canadian consumera. A campaign in in progress asking the public to curtail their consumption by at. least BO per cent of normal.
Various means have been taken to augment the supply ot power to war industry. Daylight saving liai become a year-round affair.
In the lumber field, pricea have been fixed. A Steel Controller was appointed early In the war. In July a year ago prices of iron and steel were frozen.
Wo have directly by
commodities This has enabled some of them to exercise their ingenuity In develop-tng substitute materials
An Arsenal Developed
h. Millions of rounds of small-arm
i being produced
manufacturing and
CAVALJjY COMEBACK
ammunition are dally. We are _ filling bombs, land mines, depth charges, grenade#, and mortar
bombs.
In the small arms field we are manufacturing rifles, Bren guns, aircraft machine guns, and we shall shortly produce tommy guns, antitank rifles, and Vickers guns.
In the artillery field, we are producing the new 25-pounder complete, the most modern gun of its type. We are producing the Before antiaircraft gun and expect shortly to produce the complete 3.< antiaircraft gun and equipment for barrels have been maift) In
VOICE
m&m
#




-


%
*
OF THE
¦ft
m







PRESS

w



p
TEMPERING JUSTICE






?11 who believe In tempering fastlce with mercy cannot fall to be Impressed by the experiment that Is to be tried In British Col-bla, where persons guilty of minor offences will be sent to a ranch for detention and rehabilitation, instead of to Jail.
Am space is limited, offenders who are ex-servicemen will get the first call. This, however, Is no reflection on veterans. Rather, it Is a mark of consideration, as the sacrifices they have made may bave, In many cases, contributed to feeftr flails from grace. Permitting them to get together, In pleasant serroundlngs, ought to bring out the best tn them once more. Other provinces would do well to watch, If mot Imitate British Columbia's experiment.
w*vy

WM
&:




*
w



<w

X4tt*
*

¦ :


M

*
Mr
which
Canada for many months. We are
than one type oi
x*
m

producing more
antitank gun.
In addition, we are producing
trench mortars together with naval gun mountings of several var-Work Is well advanced on
ut consumption inrat toning «SRftHliHl to manufacturers.

X-

Wi\ '

let le s
the production of five types of naval guns with their mountings. Canada Is now producing two types of tanks and the famous Universal Carrier, in essence a light tank. We are also producing our own plate and quantities of sec
I

During the past two yearn, our efforts have been directed to increasing our production and our productive facilities. As a con quence we have created an arsonul the extent of which is as yet tin i dly recognized In Canada, hut which the less completely over-


Windsor Dally 8tar
armor
ret weapons and Instruments
T—
•4 ê »•
1



WHAT, NO SABLE8T

At last the Nazis’ vaunted mechanized war machine is forced to yield as nature takes a round against modern methods. Germans on the Russian front are forced to call on cavalry — the service Sarm many have labeled "obsolete." Above, cavalry makes a comeback as German soldier aboard some reel "horsepower" urges a team across a stream.
All Industry Affected
Canadian Industry as a whole has been diverted to the war ef-
We're running head long right Into the real privations of a war eooonmy, all right.
Gomes from New York furriers, the desolating word that there are mo 168,000 Russian sable coats to he had this year. It seems that the Russians are busy trying to trap somewhat bigger game than sables. Ermine and chinch 11 la are going te be equally rare, the furriers report
The Une of husbands forming In front ef the 16th-storey Jobbing window will form at the right "What ao 166,000 sables!" we hear the man at the head of the line ery as he flings himself desperate-fr out the window.
none
shadows both in magnitude and in the rapidity of its development anything undertaken heretofore by Canadians.
The great industrial machins which we have created in now gathering momentum. Its Increasing demands for men and materiali will mean increasing sacrifices by
now
fort. Much of our industrial capacity is engaged in providing us with equipment required by the armed forces. This ranges from X-ray tubes to textiles, boots, potato-peling and dish-washing machines, and food. Other incidentals include anchors and compasses, airplane propellers and picks and shovels, radio equipment and optical glass.
Generally speaking, the needs of Canada's armed forces have been obtained by three methods: first by direct purchase; second by the creation of Industrial facilities owned by the Government, for which total commitments now run to over |500,000,040; and thirdly by the diversion to war needs of goods normally employed for civilian
ships, and with a production of munitions far In excess of Ihs needs of the Canadian Army. Today our production is such that we could equip a division every few weeks. Over and above this production, we are producing great quantities of munitions of war of all types which are moving overseas. In addition, of course, Canada Is paying out of her own pocket by far the largest proportion of the cost of the gigantic British Commonwealth Air Training Plan.
Canada’s Splendid War Effort Something Everyone Should Know
Air Training Plan
Pram aw addreae delivered recently by George K. Shells, Deputy-Minister ef Munitions A Supply, «• aw American Audience.
Canada provides about 90 per cent of the student» of the air training plan. The remainder come from other Empire countries. Month by month young men are being turned out in their thousands from our air schools.
In addition to our efforts directed primarily toward achievement overseas, Canada is co-operating fully with the United States in hemlspheer defense plans.
In addition to our own direct war effort, Canada nas made direct and vital contributions to Great Britain. It is true that Great Britain Is making substantial purchases in Canada. But by far the largest part of the sums required to pay Canadian producers for goods tor Britain has been raised and must continue to be raised from the Canadian people In taxes and in loans. Canada has told Britain not to worry about her shortage of Canadian money. Meanwhile, Britain’s purchases will continue to be paid for by Canadians.
At the end of the current fiscal Canada will have financed
Canadians.
Mindful of till those who uow assist us, mindful of millions wlto>e only hope in life lies solely In our arms, and abovo all mindful of the high courage of our sons who, without thought of self, nt niggle to eliminate human enslavement, we shall persevere unto tho end.
mow has 166,000 volun-itorm serving overseas available for service anywhere la the world. la addition, Canada
la
11
—Guelph Mercery,
Millions On New Projects
Moreover, during the course of the war, Canada, on her own responsibility, has initiated and completed projects running into the hundreds of millions of dollars designed to meet Britain's munitions needs without any reference or agreement regarding their ultimate financing. The figures which may later be written in ledgers have In no way affected our effort, the magnitude of which has been determined only by the limitations of our population and our resources. In brief, we have dne our utmost to harness our entire economy to the single end of winning the war.
Our Prime Minister has pointed out that the cost of Canada's war activities plus our financial support of Britain, if translated into comparable American figures on the basis of population and Incomes, would amount to something like $36 billion during the current fiscal year.
Present estimates of the sum required to finance Canada's own war program plus our aid to Britain amount in the aggregate to about 40 per cent of the anticipated national income for the year ending March 31 next
On the home front, our industry has done a remarkable job. We have built 22 chemical and explosives plants which, during the current year, will produce more explosives than were produced in Canada during the entire 1914-1918 period.
Our shipbuilding industry has had orders for some 225 naval vessels, of which 115 have been launched or delivered. Thirty vessels have also been converted to naval use. In addition work has begun on a cargo vessel program involving the construction of 100 vessels.
Dur construction industry has erected some 3,000 buildings for our forces and built over 100 airdromes.
Our automobile plants have delivered close to 150,000 vehicles for army use. These vehicles have served on many fronts.
has a reserve army lor home 4c-
a am ber ing 170,000 men.
NEFICIAL
ARMY LI
These laelude many thousands of
C.N.R. Does Well
Despite Low Rates
Soldiers’ complaints about their food are proverbial and tn this war there are probably as many ef them as during the Great War. Sat when H Is officially ann unced
t ef the soldiers undergoing training tn this country are steadily gaining in weight, notwithstanding the rigorous exercise that most of them experience, the
drafted lor home defense lor the Aeration who are now serving training tamps, or at vital
purposes.
In order to meet the raw material and other requirements of our war the Government has estab-
*
deisms# poets across the Dominion
progam
lished controls designed both to provide the necessaries of life to the civil population and, at the seme time, to increase our production and to divert a maximum of production to the war Indus-
reserve Sortes
Financ.ai Situation Decidedly Gratifyinc While War Work Adds to Burden
Q**+Ai*m enlistments lor active
ef an enlistment of close to <0*0,000 men in the United Stales. The Intake ef men lor active ser-
ai
R. C. Vaughan, president of the Canadian National Railways, told the Vancouver Board of Trade that Canadian railways are playing a vital part in the war effort and that the Dominion's two great rail systems provide the lowest per mile freight rate In any country in the world except Japan.
“Our average per ton mile rate is less than half that enjoyed by railroads in Australia, New Zealand, South Africa and England, he said.
The Canadian National pres dent said the outbreak of war threw a sudden burden o«i the railways ;n heavy transport of war materials and troops, but they were prepared to handle it. Freight traffic increased ho maid, until in the month of September this year “it surpassed by (10 per cent, the movement in the peak year of the iuM war," but. it had been handled safely and expeditiously.
“Quite apart from their normal functions, locomotive and car shops arc assisting directly in the war effort by undertaking the manufacture of numerous item* required by the various combat services," he said St. Malo at Quebec, has been taken over by the Dominion arsenal for the manufacture of munitions. A new shop at Montreal covering 200,000 «quart feet is being operated by the National Railways Munitions Limited on special war contracts."'
In addition, be said, Canadian National Railways is also building minesweepers and cargo vessels in its plant at Prince Rupert,
eâttcaey ef Iheir 41#t becomes ap-
tries
garent As a matter of fact, plenty ef wholesome food phis adequate
each month.
The Royal Canadian Navy mow
Everyone Helps
Civilian purchasing power has been curtailed, first, through the extensive and widespread sale of war bonds; second, through the sale of war savings certificates which hundreds of thousands of Canadians purchase each monthy; third, through the sale of war saving stamps in denominations of 25 cents; fourth, through various campaigns encouraging Canadians to economize; fifth, through the introduction of heavy taxation on Incomes, on non-essential goods, and on general civilian trade; and sixth, through rigid regulations permitting only the import of essentials In order to conserve our funds for the purchase of war material abroad.
In addition to such steps, the channels into which goods flow is directed by means of two Government bodies: my own department, the Department of Munitions and Supply, and the Wartime Prices and Trade Board.
exercise plue fresh sir le usually
than SOO vessel# ef all
types serving around the British
Isles and
—BroekviUs Recorder aud Times
the high seas. With-months Canada's mavy will have about 40* ships In convoy bat service.
Operating under the Royal Canadian Air force Is the British Common wealth Air Training Plan
*
NAIVE CHAMPIONS
-H prises were to be Instituted naivete, we have a mice little ready-made Met ef candidates. It eon slats et people who play 'fames ef skill’ lor money at fairs, those who Invest In •money-making' machinée peddled by strangers, and Mr. Herbert Hoover, who thinks german y will let American food shipped to the occupied countries to the suffering conquered
year,
Britain to the extent of about a billion and a half dollars, the equivalent of (23,000,000,000 worth of goods measured in terms of American population and Income. Ton might call this, If you will, our “lease-lend” contribution to the
la be one ef the decisive factors In the war. The air training plan operates 100 air fields and a total #4 ever 110 training established all kinds. Already 1,600 *umr1oiir have enlisted in the R 0. A. F. and #00 Americans are »Mkg us greatly through serving tractors. There are also 7,000 Americans who have joined the
\
war
Aside altogether from such a contribution which, viewed In the light of the extent of our population, is tremendous, Canada herself to at war and In the war with hundreds of thousands of the cream of her youth, with hundreds of
Windsor Dully Btar
—v
NOT MANY OF THEM
h tares ted groups and individuals finding fault with the Oovsrn-t's price-fixing scheme. That was to have been expected, ef source, and In the operation ef the plan such Injustices as develop be removed. And those who ble before they are hurt are small minority ef the
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
ms

by Consol ids , ed New#
BUBBLES.
Controls Established
Although Canada is one of the largest exporters of nonferrous metals in the world, extensive and drastic measures have been taken to restrict the nonwar use of aluminum, nickel, zinc, magnesium, tin, copper, and brass. All non-ferrous metals and common metal alloys, together with industrial minerals, cannot be exported from the Dominion except under permits approved by our Metals Controller. Moreover, v/e are issuing no export license for metals intended to replace exports which the United States has curtailed to meet its own defense needs. This, I sup pose, Is hut another way of saying that in this struggle Canadians are fully aware of their debt to the United States, and that we are fully determined to play the game with our good neighbor.
We have a Controller of Supplies, who is cnarged with providing us with a variety of raw materials such as silk and rubber No silk suitable for war purposes is being released on civilian consumption. Economics in the con sumption of rubber base to date largely been effected by the cur
i
%
%


people.
—Ottawa Time# Journal —v—
z
“One* shop,
%
ft
X/
z

MUCH BETTER
"Stamp collecting becomes both # patriotic and a profitable pursuit when the new issues are War Savings Stamps. What could be nicer $>ân an album tilled with them IT’ Se asks the Hamilton Spectator. AmA the answer would appear to bet Two albums."



z
XT'# /#
V
/
W'\
Stratford Beacon-HereM.
#
7/
Our aircraft industry is steadily producing training planes for the air training plan and fighter planes for the air force. Moreover, our aircraft industry is maintaining and overhauling the thousands of planes used in the air training plan.
Z
—v
ICC
WOULD “SCALP" HITLER"
Canadian National Steamship#, in addition to its own boats, “is operating Danish, French, Finnish, German and Italian vessels seized by the Canadian government,” the railway president said.
Turning to the financial status of the Canadian National System, the railway president said he felt confident in a prediction that net earnings on operations of the railway would reach $GG,000,000 this year. This, he said, would bs sufficient lo pay fixed charges and taxes.
Indians at York Factory, on Hudson Bay have sent $240 to the Ministry of Aircraft production with the request that they be ml lowed to "scalp" Hitler when he Is caught. Now there’s an Interesting Idea that no one else ever thought of.
6/

Z

In World War 1, Canada pro duced shells aud explosives. This was her chief industrial contribution to the war. Today Canada is producing not only shells In great quantities, but the filled rounds of ammunition. Many tens of millions of a mini nil ion components are being produced month-

%
—Chatham News —- v—
%
y


SOME PROBLEM
z

6*
According to scientists, whales milk Is not essentially different from cows’ milk. It’s getting the whales up from pasture which baffles those who would profit by the Information.

f'J.
“Hello, Juliet!"
By GENE BYRNES
w
REG’LAR FELLERS—Ha-Ha!
—Stratford Beacon-Herald
—V—
¦J
/ THAT'S ALL 1 WANTED TO > KNOW / JUST SIGN THIS RIGHT HERE AN' WE'LL BOTH HAVE ^—. A GOOD LAUGH / ------------'
1 SHOULD SAY NOT.' THEY'RE SILLY AND STUPID/ INSTEAD OF TAKING THEM SERIOUSLY -, I JUST LAUGH AT THEM
IF YOU WALK UNDER A LADDER-THAT'S BAD LUCK/ IF A BLACK CAT RUNS IN FRONT OF XOU-THAT'S GOOD LUCK/ DO YOU < v BLEEVE IN SIGNS, POP ?	>
UNDER STRAIN
V
There should be another way of teaching children than by example. This Is too great a strain on the parents.
t



—Brandon Sun

% "9
ç
OPTIMIST DEFINED
An optimist is a man who doesn’t care what happens as long as It doesn’t happen to him.
—Kitchener Record.
%
%
Ef!
>//

«5/

i/
J
f
/
y

V
$2

G<



/
India’s population haa increased nearly 60.000,000 In the last ten years, according to the new census.

..SL
-r
IMS
1
###PAGE###3###
C.N.R. Surplus To Set High Record
JOHN MURRAY GIBBON, C.P.R.

HAVE -YOU HEARD?

i

«S-: '

-




President R. C. Vaughan «# Canadian National Railways said in an interview the combine expected to have a surplus for the current year of $3,000,000 to $5,000,000, the first since 1929 and largest in its history.
Mr. Vaughan estimated net profits at between $66,000,0 0 and $68,000,000, before fixed profits at between $66,000,000
Movement of war materials has boosted / freight volume to the largest since 1923, when the railways were reorganized in their present form, Mr. Vaughan said, adding that there had been a “substantial improvement'' in passenger, steamship and hotel business.









»


m
fteB

The new draftee had made the fatal mistake of falling to salute a «fécond lieutenant, and the latter was prescribing his punishment, when the captain came along and inquired the trouble.
“He failed to salute, sir/' reported the lieutenant.
“What do you propose to do about It?" asked the captain.
“1 have ordered him to stand and salute two hundred times, sir."
“Quite right, lieutenant," replied the captain. “Proceed with the punishment. Rut remember, every time he salutes you must salute back."
—v—
Then there wae the Canadien In in English hospital who couldn’t get ae much attention •e he thought he deserved.
“Do you think I came In here
to die?” he asked bitterly.
The Cockney In the next bed •aid:
'•No, you came In yeeterdye."
A young Scotsman went to the telegraph office one morning and wired a proposal of marriage to hi* sweetheart. After spending the entire day and part of the night waiting, he wae finally rewarded by an affirmative reply.
" (f I were you,” suggested the operator who delivered the message,
marry a girl who kept me waiting all day for my answer."
“Na, na,” replied the young Soot. “Tha lass who waits for the night rates Is the lass for me."
—v—.
"I hear you're writing a book on ‘How to Rear Your Baby/ Don't you find writing •n awful tie, with your own baby to look after?"
"Oh, no. Baby’s at hie grandmother's so s I can get on with the book!"

wvy

* /
m

*¦(

; '
i

ft

s
ÿ








Jf
*1
I
PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO
The railways are using American coal in some of its operations because of the production slowdown in Cape Breton coal mines, the President said.
“We have been obliged to ship American coal as far east as Mont Joli, Quebec, and Edmunds ton, N.B., as a result of the slow** down,” Mr. Vaughan explained. “The situation is improving gradually, but we are still using American coal in the Maritimes whereas in 1939 we were using Canadian coal in Ontario.”


with your back towards them, end with a quiet “pardon me." Do this a* quickly as possible, and take care not to brush your purse or coat over the heads of the people seated In the row immediately In front
with a new one an-d arrange to hare the table refinished, or apologize and send the hoe tea a a gift which amounts to tie coat of the damage. 6. No; the correct shapes for the dinner ta’ le are either the perfect square or the oblong, al though the triangle may be used for breakfast and luncheon.

United States Navy Gets Private Yacht


William K. Vanderbilt of North-port, L. I., a retired Lieutenant Commander of the Naval Reserv has offered his seagoing yac Alva to the Government as a Navy Day gift.
The Alva bas an overall length of 264 feet, a beam of 46 feet, s draft of 19 feet, and a designed speed of 16 knots. It is powered by two diesel engines of 2,100 horsepower each.
K. Replace the tablecloth
3
f
f
| Modern Etiquette
Delivery of Serum Expedited By Plane
"I’d think twice before I’d
Feed Plan Saves
About $2,750,000
An urgent call for pneumonia serum found quick response through Trans-Canada Air Lines recently and a plane carried the container to Toronto in the effort to save the life of a child patient The request from the Sick Children's Hospital, Toronto, came to a local pharmaceutical laboratory pleading for fast delivery. The serum container in a crate was turned over to W. G. Everett, Canadian National Express agent at Montreal, who shipped the precious parcel by Trans-Canada Air Lines plane leaving the Montreal air port (Dorval) at 4.30 p.m. EST, trip No. 7, with instructions to Toronto express services to expedite delivery from Malton Air Port, where it arrived at 7 p.m. EST fco the hospital.
BY ROBERTA LEE
1. If one Is a college freshman and Is not pledged to any fraternity, should he tell any member he happens to know that he would like to belong to a fraternity?
Î. Is It necessary that a business man rise when a woman employee enters his office?	,
1. Should a small boy who Is ring bearer at a wedding, wear a boutonniere In the buttonhole of his Jacket?	*
4 When It Is necessary to crowd petl other people to reach or leave one's seat In a theatre, what Is the correct manner of so doing?
6. If one Is a house guest and his elgarette accidentally burns a hole In the tablecloth or the table, what should he do?
I. Is It proper to fold napkins, foi the dinner table, Into fancy shapes?
Under the government's new plan of aiding farmers of Eastern Canaria by paying transportation costs on feed grains from the Went it is estimated the farmers of O tario alone will benefit to the estent of around $2,750,000. aid to farmers will run around 11 cents & bushel and the estimated requirements of feed or coarse grains in the province is put at 23,000,000 bushels.
At the annual banquet of the Association of Canadian Advertisers held at the Royal York Hotel. John Murray Gibbon, Montreal, general publicity agent, Canadian Pacifie Railway, was awarded the Alver medal of the association for an outstanding contribution to Csnadan advertising by an advertising manager.
C. R. Vint, president of the association, presented Mi. Gibbon on the recommendation of a Jury composed Canadian advertising and promotion executives, headed Rlmmer, Toronto, as chairman.
In awarding the medal to Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Rimmsr lauded the long career of this well known railway executive whom he referred to as an “advertising and publicity specialist, poet, novelist, librettist and musician, who had rendered distinguished service not only In advertising his own company, but also in advertising the Dominion of Canada, since joining the Canadian Pacific Railway In 1907.”
4

the medal to -xlneni
R. H.
The
of

v—
A farmer, visiting hie son’s college and wandering into the chemistry class, saw some students experimenting.
“What are you trying so doT' he eekod.
“Were
HARNESS & COLLARS
replied
one of the students, “to discover or Invent a universal solvent" "What’s that?”
"A liquid that will dissolve anything.”
“That's & great idea, agreed the farmer. “When you find It, what are you going to keep it in.”
endeavoring,"
Auto Graveyards
Source of Metals
«
Farmers Attention your nearest Harness Shop about Staco Harness Supplies. We sell our goods only through your local Staco Leather Goods dealer. The goods are right, and so are our prices. We manufacture in our factories
lars, Sweat Pads, Horse Blankets, and Leather Travelling Goods. Insist on Staco Brand Trade Marked Goods, and vt ~
Made only byr
SAMUEL TREES CO., LTD.
WRITE FOR CATALOGUE
42 Wellington St. E., Toronto
Consult
jWhal Science Is Doing
:
4
The proposal of the American Automobile Association that a well-orgonized effort be made to recover the valuable metal now going to waste in “junked car” graveyards all over the country deserves prompt action, advisee The New York Times. The Automobile Club of New York has estimated that some 5,000,000 tons of steel scrap and much tonnage in other metals needed for d fence can be salvaged from the 7,000,000 outworn cars and car frames in the nation's dumps. At a time when shortages are reaching into every field of machinery that uses metal, any considerable part of this car waste would be worth recovery.
Meanwhile the cleaning-up of the junk yards would be a blessing to the countryside. Here is a cause which is at once utilitarian and aesthetic.
ANSWERS
L No; he should concentrate on doing something well such as football, debating, or any activity of Interest to him. Fraternities choose those students who show signs of becoming campus leaders. 2. No; bet he must always stand to receive a woman lsltor.
4. Do not turn so that you face thee# people, but slip In or out
BARITE FOUND IN N.S.
A deposit of at least 420,000 short tons of barite has been disclosed by drilling at Pembroke, Hants county, Nova Scotia, according to a report to the Department of Mines and Resources by L. J. Weeks, Ottawa, geologist of the department.
The find is considered of great importance and suggests the possibility of Canada's production of barite being increased by a hundred-fold. In 1940 the output was 830 tons.
Barite Is required iu the drilling of oil wells. In ground form It gives added weight to the mud in controlling gas pressure. It also Is used as a filler lu rubber, paper, oilcloth, textiles, leather ami plastics, and as a pigment and extender In paints.
A mill capable of treating 150 tons of ore a day or about 45,000 tons a year has been erected at Walton, about 2% miles from the deposit in Nova Scotia. Two cargoes of barite, each of al>out 2,500 tons, already have been shipped to Trinidad for use in the oil wells there and 250 tons to Peru.
—v—
LOCUST KILLER
Bobyleva, a member of the staff of the Russian Tashkent Medical Institute, has succeeded In developing a microbe culture that kills locusts. The microbe is bred in an Infusion of hay, which Is sprinkled on the Infested fields. The lo-cu>*s devour the grass and not only perish but Infect their fellows. The microbe Is harmless to human beings and animals.
Harness, Horse Col-
Prolect your BOOKS Had UA9g from FlitB and THIEVES. We
have e else nnd type of Safe, er Cabinet, for any purpose. Visit or write tor prices, ete. te Dept. W.
146 Front St. B., Toronto Established 1866
Wife:	“Tomorrow Is the
tenth anniversary of our wedding Shall I kill the turkey?"
Husband! “Why whet did he have to do with It?”
? traveller connected with a cycle company was expecting an “Interesting event” in the family and before going away asked the nurse to wire “Gent's model arrived” if a boy came, and “Lady's model” If a girl/
The wire he received staggered lilm. There was one word—“‘Tandem.”
ou
get satisfaction.
1. No
J.6f J TAYLOR LIMITED TORONTO SAFE WORKS
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
¦ • e
• e ¦
AGENTS WANTED
ELECTRIC MOTORS FOR SALE
MEN WANTED
FARM DUTY ELECTRIC MOTOR*, hundreds to choose from, donee A Moore Electric Company Llmlt-ed, 296 Adelaide West. Toronto,
IF YOU WANT TO BUILD AN dependent repeat bueln guaranteed household produo here's your chancel No expert necseary. Steady big pay op tunlty. Start now to be i when the Holiday Trade le Write for complete partlcul
immediately. No obligation. F__
lex, 570 St. Clement, Montreal.
?EROMATIC METER FOR AUTOmobile, truck, tractor, hue and marine engines. More power! Stops carbon I 25% more mileage. Airmail for quick information! Agents, write for territory. Dept. # Box 163, Vancouver. Canada.

%
i
Eight New Ships For Canada’s Navy
lr&
s3
GASOLINE ENGINE
X
FAIRBANKS-MORSB • H.P. Gasoline Engine, Type Z In g running order. Priced to sen at 150.00. J. H. McCaw, Barrie.
r
5
ood
BABY CHICKS
Eight quarts of champagne — the most ever spilled in Canada in one Maritime christening — sped towards the Atlantic Ocean recently along the battle-path to be followed soon by an octet of new Canadian war vessels whose bows it spattered in a unique •eremony.
Hailed as an event without parallel in Canadian history, the multiple christening started with the smooth launching of one corvette and continued in the same shipyard operated by Marine Industries, Limited, with the rapid-fire blessing of seven other tough young warships, all nearly ready for a salt-water initiation.
Named After Canadian Cities
The new vessels vettes and four minesweeper were named after Canadian cities and towns scattered through ¦even provinces from Esquimalt, B.C., to Fredericton.
It was announced that Canadian Corvettes already have scored successes against enemy U-boats.
A DEFINITE WAR TIME OBJEC-
that's what the Govern-
tive
meut eaya of the call of Britain for Canadian egga. Buy chicks with your eye on these good markets. We've day-old to 1 week ehlckfl, Including pullets. Also mixed chicks, atarted, dayold. Bray Hatchery, John St. N., Hamilton, Ont.________________________
i
OFFER TO INVENTORS
FARM LANDS
>
1
How Cam I?
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTUS List of Inventions and full Infnf matlon sent free. The Ramsay ue» Registered, Patent Attorneys, ifl Bank Street, Ottawa, Canada.
FARMS TO RENT IN EVERY PART of Saskatchewan. Write John Armstrong, Inspector, Box S6Î, Regina, Saak.

BY ANNE ASHLEY
GENERATORS WANTED
OFFICE EQUIPMENT
REBUILT TYPEWRITERS, DI taphones. Adding and Calculatl Machines. Guaranteed like Ontario Typewriter Co., 11 laide Street West, Toronto.
Q. How can 1 clean excessively oily hair?
A. When ones hair Is especially oily iu texture, au occasional dry shampoo of finely-powdered orris root U a splendid help. Put the powder through a fine sieve, sprinkle through the hair, and then brush out with a cleau, dry brush until every particle of ths powder has been removed.
V now can 1 substitute a good der at home?
WANTED DODGE II - VOLT erators. Pay $3. Shipping State Model. Cham. Warner, lock, Man.
OKN-
BUTCHERS' SLICING MACHINES
St
FACTORY REBUILT*, ALL MAKES, prices low, easy terms. Write for full particulars. Berkel Products 533-535 College Street, To-
ne
FOR SALE
Ltd..
ronto.
RAMS
116 ACRES, HIGHWAY 86; GK>UO barn, 52-80; good house, good water, other outbuildings, miles east of Montrose.
Uberlg, West MontroBe.
9
1IERN ARDS
OXFORD
Yearling (XXX) Rams price 18S. FO B. Bruce McKinnon, 61 Per Street, Guelph.
DOWN REGISTER
£2
REGISTERED BERNARDS. DIME brings profusely Illustrated price booklet. Roland Pilon, 10178 Blvd. des Ormes, Montreal. ___________________
RHEUMATIC PAIN
LEGAL
2
H. C. PROPERTY
TRY IT! EVERY SUFFERER Rheumatic Paine or Neurl should try Dixon's Remedy. Mu#» ro’s Drug Store, 335 Elgin, OS»
tawa. Postpaid $1.00.
J. N. LINDSAY, LAW OFFICE, GAP ltol Theatre Building, St. Thome* Ontario. Special Department rot farmers collections.
four cor-
1 on i
BRITISH COLUMBIA IS RECEi V-lng many Eastern settlers. For farm lands or city property, write H. A. Roberts Ltd.,
g A# % lective tooth powder Is nuking soda. Merely place
Western Wheat Crop Reduced By Sawfly
Vancouver,
coin
a little of the powder in the hand, moistcu the brush, and dip It in
2 FREE ENLARGEMENTS
B.C
STAMP COLLECTORS
£
WITH EACH ROLL OF FILM eloped or 1U reprints all for Photographic Laboratories, Box 645, Sherbrooke, gue.
PATENTS
STAMP COLLECTORS - FRll Crown Colony Coronation Set to applicants for approvals at third catalogue or better. Pennell, lie Brock Avenue, Toronto.____
the powder.
Q. How eau 1 make scrambled eggs lighter and more tasty?
A. Use one level tea si jon of baking powder with every six eggs. Add the baking powder *o the mixture just before cooking.
Q. How can l make use of the vinegar in which mixed pickles are packed?
A. This vinegar gives a delicious sliced flavor to salad dressing, much better than ordinary vinegar.
Q. How can 1 remove gloss from woollens?
A. Wring a piece of cheesecloth out of water containing a few mops of ammonia and sponge the fabric thoroughly with long, straight sweeps of the arm. Press under a damp cloth.
FETHERSTONHAUGH & COMPANY Patent Solicitors, Established 1890:	14 King West, Toronto.
Booklet of Information on request.
Dominion government entomologists estimated that Western Canada's 1941 wheat production was reduced by more than 50,000,000 bushels as a result of wheat* stem sawfly Infest lion.
The loss, they said, occurred on more than 15,000,000 acres r anted to wheat iu the Prairie provinces.
The estimate was made after entomologists from the Lethbridge laboratory conducted un Investigation tour of some 12.000 miles through infested fields in Alberta Saskatchewan and Alberta.
Magnitude of the loss is blamed on the severity of the infestation and on unfavorable weather conditions during the harvest season which prevented recovery of much of the wheat cut by sawfly larvae.
The Dominion Experimental Farm at Swift Current, Bask, Is breeding desirable varieties of wheat capable of resisting wheat stem sawfly,
Otto tain said they hoped that next year there would he a reduction of material losses enus-d by lb* stem sawfly.
MAKE MONEY
VIOLINS A GUITARS
120 WAYS TO MAKE f Booklet of 120 pages, alee Price $1.00. Mike Ignaeh, 441 Manitoba Ave., Winnipeg, Mae.
MON hi r.
e 6 x 1.
RABBITS
IF INTERESTED SEND IMMBD» lately for prices and Illustrations. Manufacturers' Advancing prie H. Cockburn, 61 Glen Road, 1 — ronto, 40 years' experience placing and selling.
WANTED -rabbits. Any per pound. Lightfoot, Toronto.
LIVE DOMESTIC quantity, price 10c You pay express. St. Lawrence Market,
CONSTIPATED?
Stolls of constipation ofisa^brlng agj:rs filing
loxuaof*headaches, diasinsss. ttstlsssaess. ADLERIKA effectively blends 5 carminatives for relief of gss pains and S laxatives tor gentle bat Quick bowel action, del ADLKRIKA today I
MEDICAL
GOOD RESULTS
EVERY Sl/F-
lerer from Rheumatic Pal Neuritis should try Dixon’s edy. Munro’s Drug Store, 81ft Bl-gtn. Ottawa, Postpaid $1.00.
WOMEN WANTED

CARS, NEW AND USED
WANTED: WOMEN TO DO HOMS ng. Best pay. Postage paid on all work. Sent anywhere. Bantex Specialty Co., Box IT* Chase, B.C.
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS LTD., Toronto's oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers; three locations, 632 ML Pleasant Road. 2U40 Yonge 8t., 1650 Danforth Avenue. Our Used Cars males us many friends.
aewin
ADLER! K A
DR. McLEOD'S STOMACHIC HALALM obstinate Stomach Trouble: User states: “For years 1 suffered terrible gnawing pains below breastbone, few hour# after eating, causing gas and bloating. My only relief was soda and that only for short time. Then I took Dr. McLeod e Stomachic. After three bottles I was free from pain. 1 kept on improving and have now been well for several years, enjoying meals without medicine. Good for all forms of indigestion.
Store or write Dr. McLeod’s achic Vo
$1.25 per bottle postpaid.
AT YOUR DRUG STORE
Play Safe! Send Your Films T®
Imperial
CHIROPRACTORS
/Relieves distress from MONTHLY
PHILLIPS SCIENTIFIC GENERAL Health Service. Write for particulars. 12 Queen E., Toronto.
For belter results and faster service b or 8 exposure filme 26c; réprimé 8 for 25c; both with free enlargement.
Photographic Xmas Cards
made from your own negatives ia 2 attractive style» — folder type with mounted picture 12 for S1.2l| type with embossed margin, r 8f*c. No orders for less than
Int|»4*rliil I'boto Service
Station i Toronto
FEMALE WEAKNESS
FARM FOR MALE
100 ' ACRES,
<;< hii ,
good land and buildings, flowing well and creek. V4 mile from highway 26, near Barrie. For particulars, apply George Pain, Anteu Mills. Ontario.
LOCALITY.
Drug Stom-
558 Bathurst, Toronto.
Wuv Itch Fact •orMwf/M
^Scratching
Lydia E. Plnkhara’s Vegetable Com mon
flat
pound not only helps relieve thly pain but also weak, nerv-feelings—due to monthly functional disturbances. It helps build up resistance against distress of “difficult days." Made in Canada. ,
12 for
six.
Fur quick relief from ilriiuig of erseina. pimples. atli. lets'» foul. wsIfa. scabies, radie» end other e\(email» caused akin troubles, use fast meting, cooling, antiseptic, liquid I) I). I). Prescription, Create less, stainless. Soothes irritation and quickl> stoiw intense itrhiiig. STk* trial hntlle prove* it, nr monev bark Ask druggist tod») fut D U D. PRESCU1 PflON.
MUSICAL IXSTRl 8ÉKNTS
ous
100 AGRES. DUN DAS COUNTY, 90 acres cleared, good soil. Large house, barns, four outbuildings. Now occupied. S. K. Thorpe, Williamsburg, Ontario.
VSK YOU II DEALER FOR DENNltS guurtiiitc d guitars, or write A Dennis & Company, 381 Nairn Avenue, Winnipeg.
ISSUE 46—'41
###PAGE###4###
will be undernvned and what can do about it the Power.] Company, n doubt, is responsible pensation can we get from a Company [hat controls the water levels. Retaining walls have been built at our expense ; mit the best that can be built is not sufficient to stop the constant wash out of the beach
we
movie Industry Studies
Pretty Girl Paradox
THE EQUITY
It’s the wise Thing to do ...
BIG 50
Pewter Was an E ssential
But what coin
Commodity in Early Days
Pewter was an essential com mod ity in the early days of America and those who were responsible for its production were kept busy turn-
1 in the home.
Hollywood is going to do something about its oddest paradox—the fact that there is a shortage of female stars although hundreds of pretty and talented girls come to the film capital annually and are never given a tumble.
Raoul Walsh, one of the town’s leading directors, rece.itly decided that something should 4e done about it for the good of the industry and is reviving the old tradition of selecting “the 13 baby stars” of the year. That Director Walsh isn’t | before stumbling in the dark on a plan to pract:< nl find new faces is evident from the available results of the old custom once car- men ted ti
ried out annually by film publicity days of sett men	designs were cop ed from LngVsn
They called their selections “warn- pieces which were sli pped to the pus baby stars'* and from their num- Colonies, but on her came some of the greatest stel* American pewterers coifiivd t v m-lar names in the history of Holly- selves to making plain ana nract - a» wood. Clara Bow, Mary Astor, Joan pieces of their own des gii.mp Crawford, Dolores Del Rio, Janet It may be noted that many u me Gaynor, Jean Arthur, Lupe Velez households had their own molt s lor and Loretta Young are just a few the small pieces such ns sp of the actresses who used their other articles in générai use wampus selections as a springboard a neighborly act to lend these moi as to fame.	to others as they needed them,
“Girls like these have become much as cur grandmothers loaned great assets to the motion picture their candle molds and large copper industry/1 Walsh declares, “but kettles to make apple butter and someone had to give them the op- other £ood things, portunity of being discovered. Now While today wc collect pewter for you know and I know and every- its tradition and association, we also body knows that there are many recognize the fact that it has a dis-girls potentially as good but who tinct decorative value. The soft haven’t got a chance in the world to gleam of this old metal makes a prove it. We hope to give them pleasing background when arranged that chance by bringing them to the in an open cupboard or on shelves
, Mention of the right people.”	in a room paneled with pine. It is
especially appropriate for the ranch
or suburban home.
Shawville, November 27 1941
THINKING OF OTHERS
mg out articles nee \ I most every commun pewterers. Little skill was requi to produce plates, bs
9

ha 5
Use
W. J. Scornk
The closing weeks of the calendar lead most Canadians away from On November lltli, the
m u 'i s and
Britain Scraps Whole Railwav
year
themselves
nation stands still for a minute or two tu recall to mind the thousands of bright young Canadian boys who walked into a storm of lead and shrapnel and accepted a simple grave in Flanders to keep Canada a nice place to live in.
On December 2f> old and young are brought face to face with the truth that giving is better than receiving.
It seems fitting then that the last days
The two old locomotives are for the dismantled yard,* and metal from the rolling stock for the same destination.
The railway is out an item in a nation-wide hunt for metal to turn into rifles, Tommy guns and tanks, into plate for battleships andjor
°d <
he like, u.i L
You want lots of eggs
With the unlimited demand fur eggs that these is now and there will
feeder wants high production—MORE EGGS
PVT INTO THE FEED the
can. It
i little
hin.n on n lull <
"!d:ng.
3 of nearly ICO v
Britain is throwing a whole railway into the mobilization of iron an l steel for the war. Although it is an railway, its rails alone will .add to the of Britain enough .steel for
fewer than 384.000 rifles.	.
Until 1937 the trains of the Welsh
Highland Railway chugged of the lovliest scenery in the l rtncipal-But in that year it ceased to func-and the grass began to grow along
3
a
For a nt r
old
1
be from now on, every
ter w ; blow.' e
r -v
icevrmiiion,
the only Gradually it 1 ad ndvnu mei.t.
thing to do is t
liable the hen to produce every egg she
reach this conclusion*— and
Obviously, tl
materials "ceded to
uldn’t take the wisdom of an owl t
just wl.at SHV 11-GAIN Big 50 Laying Concentrate doe
minerals and vitamins lacking in
no
resources
i nu- variy of the
w r
i a n v
t
over some
that f*
It provides the EXTRA proteins
and that hens must have for miximum production
e
tion
grain
No f irmer can afford to disregard cost — eggs
irviVt worth 5= 1.00 a

dozen yet, by any means
Big 50 is economical ! 100 pounds plus 700 pounds of grain makes 800 pounds of balanced laying mash—just as good laying mash as you buy anywhere, if the grains arc good !
Figure it out ! ! Even though the “per bag” cost of Big r>o m
high (naturally so, for it is very highly concentrated). Laying Mash
The best of feed at the
is and
course
It was
service in
up future personal security and getting good interest on his money.
Yet in serving himself, the Canadian citizen who participates in the present war savings campaign is also seiving his fellow Canadians. The weapons which war saving certificates buy are vital to the new crop of Canadian youths, who
=£5532S=mSSSS|
ham Palace for the collection
made with it is lower in cost than others
lowest possible cost
t
armour
both
ECONOMY PLUS EFFICIENCY - We need the
both with “BIG 50.
in wartime. You get the
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO. REC’D
Waldorf-Astoria Hoosegow
While Europe is tobogganing into the abyss of barbarism and mass cruelty we in America are becoming more human. Lynchings have declined to almost zero. The whipping post in Delaware is now nothing but a kid's spanking. Cruel and unusual punishment is seldom heard of. Now comes the model prison of the world. It has recently been opened for the reception cf “guests” at Danbury, Conn. It is the federal correctional instution. It cost $4,000,000. It is called “a while collar" penal institution—the Waldorf-Astoria of hcoscgows. There are no high walls, men are named, not numbered. There are no guards— only “custodians” An inmate in this calaboose can learn almost any trade he wishes—except the art of detecting safe combinations by listening to the tumblers in time clocks.
Chemists Invent Diet
Costing $1.80 a Year
Two formulas either of which reportedly would feed a person properly at a yearly cost of $1.80, may be offered to the United States government.
Dr. Robert S. Harris of Massachusetts Institute of Technology announced the formulas in a paper presented at the seventy-seventh nual meeting of the New England Dental society in Boston.
He said the preparations, developed by himself and other technology biochemists, were virtually complete foods.
Dr. Harris denied a published report that the formulas had been presented to the federal government or to the British government.
The formulas:
No. 1—A 20 gram preparation of skim milk powder, whole wheat meal, solvent soy bean meal and a concentrate of all necessary vitamins except vitamin C.
No. 2—A 20 gram formula of oats, corn, wheat, skim milk and a concentrate of all necessary vitamins except vitamin C.
Dr. Harris said the preparations resembled corn flakes and were eaten like cereals tomato juice daily, he said, would supply the vitamin C deficiency.
Asserting that the mixtures were
less a medicine,*' he doubted that they ever would replace the normal human diet.
Minutes of South Onslow School Board
Discussing Metkods of Storing Grain
mmmm	*4
DALE’S TINSHOP

1
•EBB*
Weeds Rranch, Out, Dept, of Agricul-
ire, Toronto.	.
These men do not permit any refuse
They have
!
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
1
Inglee J. H. Henderson was appointed chairman on motion of Comr. MacKech-

an
me
A GREAT BAKER AND A_GRAND HEATER-
C. W. Dickson, Inspector, met the tbOnak motîîn oft%. Amm the M ^Another grower hoists
D%rH%n,^":.: ::::: I! KIC'ZCir,.:w%x,to:tm„e«
The inspection report was read and | deep, adopted on motion of Comr. Mac Kerb nie
a
s
a

§
COAL Gr WOOO RANGE
!
â
Its wonderful working qualities and attractive appearance have made the Findlay Oval a favourite in thousands of Canadian homes. Available in three sizes. Large oven. Large, fast-heating reservoir, Sec it today 1
1
ÜJ1
s
______________________. | vast sulphur nn Boors and bags by
Motion" of” Conor. Poole that the | hand or with a duster. Rodents dis-
following amounts be given each teacher to procure teaching equipment for use in schools :—
Kathleen Graham
Beth Taber......
Norma Dods ....
. Rodents dislike the smell and taste of sulphur which adheres to their feet. One of the largest seed growers in the province
<1'tally good results by
9
Protection Against Poison Ivy
The National Safety Council of Chicago recently issued a bulletin warning people of poison ivy and methods to prevent this dreaded infection. Injection against this itchy swelling is one method prescribed. Another suggestion is to rub your face, hands and arms with a protective cream before venturing into the wildwood. A further precaution Is the wearing of gauntlet type gloves and tying trouser legs to aimes and sleeves to wrists
Hepplewhite
Hepplewhite—the great English :abinet maker who created a repertoire
styles, died in 1737, his business being carried on for years afterwards by his widow, Alice Hepplewhite. These designs are delicate and sensitive, mahogany being the most usual wood and the shield or heart shaped back a dial actei istic detail. Legs generally were slender and stra ght ar.d either tapered to a spayed toot or reeded. His chairs were carved with daintiness and great restraint; his tables and othei small pieces had some fine inlaid designs; while his large pieces had little ornamentation, their beauty depending upon fine lines and proportions. Hepplewhite’s sideboards usually have serpentine fronts and concave panels.
B
S
a
0
s
B
If IHI
B
f
$10 00 says he gets c>_
15 00 dusting lime on the floors 5 00 ! The control ot rats and mice by the
Village and Onslow Centre school board j Supplies Board, Ottawa.__
to have a representative of the Dept, of
Education to outline the plan of con-1 Service Announcement eolidation of schools
On motion of Comr. Amui the meet ing then adjourned.
a
vj
m

63
F
H
Two ounces of

more or
CEMETERY MEMORIALS
Shawvillk Unitbo^Chukch
Rev A. F. Pokes B. A., B.D. PA3tor Sunday November 30 1 poo a. m. Service at Shaw ville
— Service at Zion. Service at Stark s Corners
Jos. A. Steelk.
Secretary-Treasurer
of very beautiful furniture
We have received a shipment of granite ami n.aible memoiials hefoie [ Tiers inweast<1 and as result ue can uller tln.se U » tin* public at the <del prices.
Roman Emperor Gained
Reputation as Eccentric
Correspondence
1.30 p. ill
Nowadays the hot-foot is tops in practical jokes and a man car; get a reputation as an eccentric by. let us say, appearing customarily without a necktie. It was not always thus. In a more robust day, a man who wanted to be known as eccentric had to work for the title. A goodly number did.
The Roman Emperor Hcliogabal-us is a good example. On one occa-
vvhim, he ordered "his
3,00 p. m
7.30 p. m.—Service at Shawville “ Make up your mind ’
Dear Mr. Editor I enclose my re newal subscription for the 40th time to your paper. I would miss it very much for the last forty years I have spent my Summers at Norway Bay and have seen it grow from a few cottages to its present number What a change the last years have made ! This peaceful
Summer resort has always had the | l l.OO a. m.—Service at St. Andrews reputation of a place for health and enjoyment. But a few killjoys have had a so-called constable appointed. In my opinion, and 1 express the opinion of seventy-five per cent, of the Summer residents. You might as well rlre.ss up a wooden man and put a polteemWs uniform on it and place it in some conspicuous place like a scarecrow in a cornfield, and it would be as effective to law and order.
The Summer residents of Norway Bay are law-abiding citizens and the presence of a policeman gives visitors the impression that Norway Bay must be some place to require a policeman.
But there is one service we have, viz : garbage collection, and it is thoroughly done, and the renumeration that the collector receives is far too little. A constable’s presence could well be dispensed with and pay given tc the garbage collector.
Fire protection h r Norway Bay, a question much discussed by Norway Bay Municipal Association. While fire protection is desirable, I cannot see how a system could be adopted in a place over two miles long and uninhabited for nine months of the year without an enormous cxfiense (no doubt the cost would have to be levied on the taxftayers of Norway B«y.)
Fires that have started this year and previous have been quickly extinguished at a small loss and have been in places beyond the limit of any apparatus that would be available during the months of July and August when every cottage is occupied, a voluntary fire fighting crew is quickly formed and the fire is soon extinguished.
What Norway B y is most in need of mow i* water protection. At the rate that the water is washing out the l*each, viz : over one hundred feet in the last twenty years. It will not l*e Jong U-f re every cottage on the beach
Bristol United Church Sunday November 30
Phone, 278
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
— Service -it Knox
2.30 p. m 7.20 p. m
sion, as a slaves to bring him a thousand pounds of spider webs, promising them a rich reward. Actually he get not one but ten thousand pounds of webs and remarked that he hsd never before realized what a great citv Rome really was.
Service at Austin
ANGLICAN
Rev. K. C. Bolton, BA., L.Th Advent Sunday, Nov. 30th St. Fai l’s
Sunday School—10.00 a. in. Holy Communion—11.00 a. in
Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
Evening Prayer—3.00
St.*Lukea
Evening Prayer—2 0V p. in
Paper Containers
“Paper containers cut the milkman's labor GO per cent and reduce the cost to the consumer to a cent
and a half a quart tified an official of a large milk
Cemetery Donations
Extravagant banquets ravoritc pastime. L__ _ d number of guests and in the midst 3f the meal gave a signal at which a false ceiling parted and the diners were
dowers in such quantity that several smothered.
were a He once invited
Wilson’s Garage
1 >r. !>. J. Camplxdl, treansurer of the Village Cemetery Improvement Fund, acknowledges with thanks the following donations:—
Previously nek now (edged
Il Uorigins, Calgary ..
Dr McGuire.............
Mrs. T. A, Eudes......
recently tes
Tu S an 3 Reliable Service
company.
It is chiefly because of lower first costs or savings in handling that the fabricator of paper products is often able to supplant the tin-can and wooden-box maker, the glass blower and, to a limited extent, the textile mill employee. Because of the other products, paper production in 1939 reached an all-time high of nearly 13,500,000 tons—twice the amount produced only 20 years ago.
It is estimated that 350,000 additional tons of paper a year would be needed for that purpose alone if
milk bottle were to dis-
deluged with violets and other
7 30 p m
164 02
2 00 3 GO 3 00
Dodge ail De Soto Sales and Service
Selecting Your Personal Pipe
A system for helping men through he labor of picking a pipe that fits he face, and a tobacco that pleases .he taste has been worked out by Joseph Ross, president of a New
We sit down juicily and discuss the whole probIt is the way i doctor would do. We ask all kinds if questions and try to get a case listory
loiar.v prescription.” The smoker s urged to try a bowlful of that, i rid this, and to ask questions. Often they have been cigarette .milkers and they fail to realize that has four times more fire ' he said. “We explain this
Ford Service
• Mr. John R. McDowell, treasurer of Maple Grove cemetery acknowledge*, with thanks, the following donations •—
John D Brown
North Clarendon Parish
Rev P, R Stutk. in charge Sunday November 30*
Thorne Centre—
Sunday-School—10.00 a. m, Holy Communion—10.30Ja. m Greermount —
Evening Prayer Charter is—
Evening Prayer
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
1 oo
York pipe salon
J. P. Wilson
said Mr. Ross
cm
For Sale
tne paper place glass
Main Street Shawville Quebec
Plmne 40
Then 1 write out a tern
One dappled grey borne, about 1700 lbs., 6 >enrs old, sound. One year old Belgain gelding,
PIione ft—15
Sugar Aids Digestion
Sugars of all types, molasses, honey and syrups are classified as energy foods. In the form of white sugar, we have one of the few foods which has no other attributes except the fuel and sweet flavor which it
provides.
Brown sugar and molasses retain seme of the natural minerals. Molasses is an excellent source of iron and also contributes both calcium and phosphorus. Honey also pro vides minerals, although in smallei
quantities..
Apply to JOS. DI MAS Maryland
2.30
p.pe olume
nd suggest slower, more deliberate At present there is a trend ward aromatics. Ross can serve ds flavored with peach, brandy, „ mint, rum, honey, berry jice, nutir.eat, grapes, snowapple, /ijd cherry, Hawaiian beans, maple
d juice of five fresh
7.00
NOTICE
For Sale
——	I (> tulip De Forest Croeley Radio, 1
The annual meeting of Pontiac No. 12 De Laval Cream Separator, I County Orange Lodges will be held at glass churn, 1 Coleman gae lamp* 1 the Shawville Lodge room on Tuesday, Coleman gas iron and 1 hand washer lk?c« mber 2nd, at I0.3O a. in.
Rev. L. Emakp, Co. W.M.
Nouval Kilgoijk, Set ty
iTs
FOR SALE
VI
4 tube Philco Battery radio, good condition, also one kitchenjeabinet.
Apply to
MRS. KARL FINDLAY
,	,	«	Bristol, <jue. -
ur:cu
with wringer.
Apply to
FRED THOMAS,
Phone 8—11
j.n
1TÜ
o • : i
Shawville
###PAGE###5###

>
ym^VAHlTY

i PRESENTS
For COMFORT and LONG WEAR!
| Gift Suggestions
For Early Shoppers
'll
1
9
S
3
t
9
»

/-?
Look at these values
K)
m
*
y

%
G

Lr
€
MEN’S
Victory” Jackets
B
6
' «y

D
A
€>¦

D

Wràa
• «
1
a
^AHD DOUBLE *'*
«•AAM'NO close?
HEATED BV . CONCEALED ELUE;
Ç< !K
ala aii
1
l English rnelton cloth with fancy feather trim and “sunburst bade.
Full zipper front, z-pper waist. Colors, green, navy and brown
Sizes 3p to 40


woo

D
!
/• «Mf
Shi
g
FOR HER


F:«

pocket, fitted
il
I

tOC*' Time*.
âW COHOIMltT 'SHAHEfcS!
m
9
:
J

11
i
SO EASY TO . KEEP CUAMJ
Fine embroidered pillow eases F ancy linen table sets Novelty pillow cases
Fancy boxed handkerchiefs Bath room sets
Silk dressing gowns Silk underwear Silk Hosiery
Toilet sets, etc,


iV

.95
É B
$6



S
1
UMOM&U tisae
voie WITH TIP-. I DOWN FAUCIT-, W1U MOT «JUST!) I




\\



0
4

m
Men’s “Chore” Coats
XX
IWOOTATIS • WOOD D*. COAL" WITH END LINING IN AU MODELS
9
v,
4
.*>
<>
9

Showerproof army duck top with soft fur collar, full wool lining, button front, storm cuffs.
9

f
O
f
9

.<¦

*
i
M» WHAT A
•nwM heavy MMCSUCL
WSUI» AND WACf»-
»
*
i
i
Sizes 36 to 46.
M»OM OVEN metXOMCTeC

Splendid value at $9.50
TOOl
I
9
Here's Renfrew's newest range produced codateness so long exclusive to city kitchen*, to prove that the farm kitchen can be A variety of models . . . with or without modem as well as efficient. Here's beauty reservoir . . . high closet or shelf . . . two . . . grace . . . cleanliness .. . plus details of finishes . . two-tone, highlighted al -porce-coostruction that make your cooking easier, lam ivory enamel.. .or ivory enamel panels
C	-aïiSSSS:	Th=h vLnkytnm Hkc LuR«frcw product.
Acosn and Cook-Rite are built into the new ... is brought to you by the Renfrew man Vanity. . with the added thrill of an up- in your neighborhood.

Boys Fall and Winter Needs
FOR HIM
Wind breakers in checks and plain shades, sizes
“BULL DOG” Gum Rubbers A!1 sizes
Warm Mackinaw Coats fully lined with storm cuffs and aU fur collar
All
Windbreakers,
Handkerchiefs
Cigarette cases Fancy braces Gift boxes Sweaters Scarves
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY, LIMITED
imwejuy, ont. Sussex, n.b. st. johns, p q
$2.98 $4.50
$1.35
$7.95
REGINA, SAS K
ALSO MANUFACTURERS OF ACORN, COOK-RITE AND ROYAL RANGES; # # CREAM SEPARATORS, WASHING MACHINES, TRUCK SCALES	-
SPECIA L—Men’s fleece lined combinations
sizes 36 to 44 $1.29
LEO R. KEON
Razors
Socks
Agents for Renfrew Dry Cleaners
DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE
McKee • Quebec
Shirts
Ties
'Tflno to lolling and
-my iinnoraasfxent /dh men and not/s >
I-haserS
ML A.FRA5ER6s- SON

6=^9
Shop Early
Buy War Certificates
Regularly
N R. Horner’s old stand SHAWVI LLE, QUE.
5)
9

5

9
5
y

9

=9
<5^=9

Attention ! Attention !
POULTRY RAISERS
6
REVIVAL SERVICES

R
vizizTyrztyiz
%'S

i;
I The Hedging Lumber Co.
You can sell your DRESSED POULTRY for cash at our house on Saturday, Dec. 9th, UMl—(one day only).
Packers Ltd., will buy ail dressed poultry at the highest market prices and these bird# will be grade! by licensed graders who will weigh in, grade, pack and pay you cash on the spot so that you will save all the unnecessary expense and trouble of racking, shipping ai d awaiting returns. Each person’s birds will be graded separately. You will be under no obligation to accept the grade or price unless satisfied,
In order that you may receive
ware The Canada
Wesleyan Methodist Church, Shawville, Quebec


>
From November 27th to December 14th
N
WANTED
e
A
*



a

MüiiiS

s
X
the lrgbext market prices, make certain that all poultry is well fattened, not
killing, plucked clean without
we

x

X
All kinds of


suggest you
frozen, starved 24 hours before scalding and free of pin feathers. Dress all poultry Uil and wing
chickens and

x
a
?


SAW LOGS


leathers off Geese and ducks heads off ; turkeys
#3#

?
fowl, heads on.
DRESSED POULTRY BOUGHT ONLY
ALL POULTRY BOUGHT ON GRADE

S


Highest Market Prices Paid

s

£
a
Please come early




Phone 27
offering for your approval, at Less Cost”' Our

NOTE—Beginning this week, we our circular “How to our more
are

7

“More Eggs for Britain” ami with their call for
government is waging a campaign on .
have gotten out this tin ular to lit in increased egg production. Kgg* are vital to the people of Great
It you have not received your copy, we would be pleased this bulletin and hope that you may benefit thereby.
! THE HODCINS LUMBER COMPANY

we

Quebec
in
Shawville,
Britain.
Co give you


MaeLean’s
/

Evangelists Rev. and Mrs. Harold R. Waite, Conneautville, Pa.
SPECIAL SINGING AT EACH SERVICE
A cordial Invitation extended to all
JACOB WEAVER
Pastor
à
RED & WHITE STORE

atBHHMIMMramM
y
V
For Service
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves

I I
' y

y%>WkW%V
Ari
Service fee $1.00 M. C DRUMMOND R 3 Shawville

Tam worth Hog
i
Raw Furs Wanted
i
Eskimos Are Resourceful
A tale of Eskimo craft and guile emanated from the Office of Indian Affairs recently.
Not so long ago two trading post proprietors in the Seward peninsula area had difficulty in transmitting latest fur prices to one another by radio. As soon as they began communicating prices to one anothei, the information was immediately picked up by both white and Eskimc trappers.
To solve the problem, the two who were partners, taught
25c
Soup Peas, good boilers, ft lbs.....
White Beans, four pounds............
Prunes, new crop, two pounds........
Falcon Baking Powder, one pound
Libby’s Tomato Juice, 105-oz tin....
20-oz.......
10 oz.......
Kellogg’s All Bran, with measure cup, 2
Libby’s or Clark’s Pork and Beans, 2 for
Black Tea Special, per pound............
P, & G. or Pearl Soap, 5 bars............
Gillette Lye, 2 tins.....................
G. M. Floor Wax, 1 pound tin.............
G, M. Liquid Wax, pint tin ..............
J
t

I wish t<» announce to the public tha l am in the market foi all kinds o Seasonable Raw Fur and assure highest market prices.
25c
• •
Indians Want Treaty Restored
i Seventy-five years ago, the Go snutc Indians from western Utah were granted a treaty, details of which include that white men would keep out of lands reserved to Indians, if they (Indians) would not molest the white men's building rad | roads and telegraphs over the hunting grounds. Recently a spokesman for the tribe came into a Salt Lake City court to protect the land of his fathers from encroachment of •I white men. It is claimed that white ! men have failed to observe hunting ! and fishing rights granted the tribe < in the 75-year-old treaty. The tribe appeared puzzled over the edict of I game officers that they must buy hunting and fishing licenses. Chief , Little Moon declared that the game. , hsh and fowls will be better protected if the Indian has the right to hunt every day in the year than by the white man hunting and fishing just in seasons, “because the Indians do not destroy like the vhite man/'
25c
i
4
NORMS R. HORNER,
21c
i*
Licensed Fur Dealer
Shaw ville, Que
:
43c
Phone 4>
10c
U
it
<(
A
Don’t Make heds Immediately
During sleep there is an increasec rate of breakdown of the f?ts in thi surface of the body, and also con sidcrable
.vhivh dings to the bedclothes, anc which may penetrate the mattress The bed needs a good ailing ui hour or so
has been occupied, m order to keei it sweet
er getting out of bed is to throw the clothes completely off the mo: tress, and open the bedroom w.r. dows for a couple of hours. Mor*
fresh air is ;,he morning than by the sleeper the night before. The mattress needs a weekly bath in the direct sunlight
6c
II
il

i
29c
t
men,
their Eskimo wives the Morse code But the white trappers learned the
Eskimo wives finally pro*
•FOB VICTORY !
insens •bio perspiruhoi
25c
Z
z
code, too. vided the solution.
They applied the Morse code to their native language.
%That bafTled even the shrewdest of radio eavesdroppers. The listening Eskimos couldn’t figure out code and the listening whites couldn’t de-:ipuer the Eskimo language, which put a stop immediately to the leak •n the traders’ system of commu-lication.
65c
z
z
each morning after v.
z
28c
Z
z
The (ust thing to d:> aft
8 THE CORNER STORE
•23c

29c

Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard

42c
reeded by the bed ii
/
Main and CentreSts. SHAWVILLE QUE.
/
>

/
/

\

###PAGE###6###
TABLE TALKS
/ N »
C
They were so young. And they had seen so much that was evil and tawdy hot little hands. “Heavensl Why this child has a raging fever."
Within a half hour she had bathed the children and dressed them in clean nightclothes. The little boy was already reacting favorably to Dr. Max’s treatment, and the little girl was sound asleep.
But in between tending the children Edna had had time to
Now the It was the Eld-Motioning Max to go to the door, she hurried upstairs sound asleep on the coverlet.
Her voice was tremulous as she
“Come along
*> o o m 4. * -
Br SADIE B CHAMBERS
Pies ont/ Pies and Pies
She took the boy’s
Repledge for War Savings
WIM 8AMN6 COSTS
, £ Ways
i

IP

England had them first. A flaky, thick, crust topping a delicious, nourishing one-dish meal, which
vegetables,

i

consisted of meat gravy and seasonings made up the original pie. as it was served in England centuries ago. The meat or chicken pot-pie of today is a modern version of those early entrees. The traditional apple pie was developed many years later. With the innovation of the chiffon
' 1Ê
make a telephone call doorbell rang ridge’s, she knew
f
fism i
0 WDIR 1


YOU MY LESS YOU USELESS BETTER RESULTS.
i
t
Little Sam was
I
pie, a new pastry becomes very popular. Cereal crumbs, combined with sugar and melted butter, are the basis of an unbaked pie shell, which has no equal in flavor.
Today we find there are nearly as many flavors of the chiffon pie as of ice cream; berry, lemon, lime, apricot, pineapple,
beautiful by sympathy, by love and understanding than it ever by intolerant rules and laws and regulations. I’ve seen hearts broken, I’ve seen a pure and innocent young life destroyed by the inhumantity of this . . . this man made law. Because it is man made
honor on these innocent and helpless victims gentlemen there are no illegitimate babies. There are only illegitimate parents !"
Dimly, Edna heard the roar of applause, knew that there cheering and whistling in the galleries. She tried to respond to it but somehow, could not. She felt weak and spent.
BLOSSOMS IN THE DOST
picked him up sweetheart,” she crooned. “You’re going to go away to your new mummy where there’s lots of little puppy dogs and a swimming pool and a nice Daddy and other little children to play with.”
But somehow, the child sensed
something back to you Aunty Edna can't
can
• Ask your grocer for Calumet. Try it and eee how double-action permits you to use less and still get better results.
Notice, too, how the Calumet tin opens at a slight twist of the wrist - yet never spills, even when full. Under the lid is a handy device to level each spoonful as you use it.
CALUMET IS PRICED SURPRISINGLY LOW
By BEATRICE FABER
orange
chocolate, pumpkin, cocoanut fluff, pecan custard, cider nut, coffee — the list is practically limitless.
Here is a new deluxe version which you will want to clip and file with your favorite party recipes. The delicate pink color ot strawberry gelatin and the unusual flavor combination are so intriguing that your refreshments will score you as the •‘trumps" if you Refrigerator Fruit Pie” at
SYNOPSIS
Edna Kahley, a^ept off her
whirl-
God has placed no dia-
lect by Sam Gladney in a wind courtship, marries him and they go to Texas to live happiness is further enriched when their littfe boy Sam is born. But the child is killed in an accident and Edna, hiding her wretchedness becomes a brittle society
Then their fritend, Dr.
Oh, believe me
And then I can come
°°*e
,Na*k>n
r *»#0«Î,
-AC 7- /	9
tm
Their
L9I
17”

She answered, each word stabbing to her heart. “Well no, 1 don’t think so darling. You see I’m only your Aunty Edna. And I’m lots of other childrens’ Aunty
But this lovely lady will be your . . . your mummy.”
He was fighting back his tears. “I mustn’t cry, must 1 Aunty Edna?” +
“No, you mustn’t cry quavered. And then she held him close. “Oh Sammy darling. Sammy.”
O O U
6
was
Bake Cup Cakes For A Change
maining crumbs with melted hut-press firmly into bottom of pie pan. Chill.
Cream butter thoroughly powdered sugar gradually and beat until light and fluffy. Seperate eggs. Beat yolks into creamed mixture and gradually add Pet Milk; beat well. Spread over crumb mixture. Chill.
Beat egg whites and fold into gelatin mixture. Pour over butter mixture and sprinkle top with remaining corn flake crumbs. Chill until firm.
Yield: One 9-inch pie.
APPLE PIE MODERNE
6 cups corn flakes
(1% cups fine crumbs)
% cup butter
ter
matron
Max Breslar help# Edna start a day nursery for poor children and this bring# her and Sam to-
But when Sam #
Edna too
serve
your next dessert-bridge.
CRUMB PIE SHELL
add
Christmas Gifts
She had almost forgotten that it was Christmas Eve and when she arrived back home that evening it was with a dazed astonishment that she looked around and noticed all the holiday decor-
By: KATHARINE BAKER
Vs cup butter % cup sugar
1 cup fine cereal crumbs
Melt butter; combine with sugar and crumbs; mix thoroughly. Press mixture firmly and evenly around sides and bottom of pie pau. Chill before adding filling.
Yield: One 8, 9 or 10-iuch pie
gether again business is ruined in the Wall
she
Cup cakes come to the roscue
au emergency meal.
Street wheat crash, they move to Fort Worth to begin all over
Here, Edna starts sn-
ot many They're essentially simple but lend themselves to any number of dec*
Wehther the family is
again
other nursery. Then Sam's struggles to pay off his debts under-hie health and he dies ...More and more, Edna becomes attached to “Little Sam,” one of the orphaned children who is given out for adoption as he is lame and must wtaar a brace. One
But a moment later, she descended the stairs steadily, never faltering until she had placed little Sammy in the arms of Lets Eldridge who was waiting at the foot of the stairs.
Then somehow, it was all worth while, seeing the radiant, awe-filled happiness in the eyes of that other woman hearing the way she said, “My boy, my baby !” as she clasped little Sammy in her arms.
A bit later they were gone and Edna sat in the armchair before
She had put
orations
dining alone or the youngster# bringing friends home to tea these little cakes are always appropriate and with a variety of decoration will give glamor to your tea table.
If you've budgeting your egg consumption these cakes are a life-saver; they only require two eggs. As well as the two frosting# given below you can use melted chore
fruits or coconut tis
ations.
Then Zeke brought in a par-“Christmas gift, Mizz Glad-
mine
cel
ney.”
She opened it and staved. The “gift” was little Sammy’s brace!
“Merry Christmas, Aunty Edna,” cried Sammy’s small voice in triumph and when she looked up, there he was in the doorway beside Dr. Max. Then, even as she gazed at him, he came racing toward her, hi* well, sturdy lege free and normal as any boys at last.
shell
Roll or grind 4 cups corn flakes or 3 cups oveu-popped .ice cereal to yield 1 cup fine crumbs.
refrigerator fruit pie
1 package strawberry gelatiu \ cup pineapple juice % cup powdered sugar 14 teaspoon salt
1	tablespoon lemon juice
cup drained, crushed pineapple V* cup evaporated milk
3 cups corn flakes
2	tablespoons melted butter
6 tablespoons butter
1	cup powdered sugar
2	eggs
2 tablespoons evaporated milk
Dissolve gelatin iu boiling p; e-apple juice. Stir in powdered sugar, salt, lemon juice and crushed pineapple; cool. Add evaporated milk and chill until mixture be-
not
day, Edna :s visited by a young girl who is tragically unhappy because, engaged to be married, she has just discovered her ille-
Edna remembers her adopted sister Charlotte,
% cup sugar
1 quart pared, sliced apples
Vi cup sugar
1	teaspoon cinnamon
2	tablespoons butter
Roll corn flakes into fine crumbs. Melt butter, add sugar gradually and mix with crumbs. Reserve Vi this mixture; press the rest evenly bottom and sides of pie pan. Fill pie shell with apples; sprinkle with Vi cup sugar mixed with cinnamon. Dot with 2 table-butter; sprinkle remaining
late, nuts add to their charm.
SMALL CAKES — CUP CAKES
1% cups sifted cake flour lVi teaspoon double-acting baking powder
gitimacy
own
who, faced with the same problem had committed suicide on the
She starts
Sam's picture gladiolus around it and as the faint sweet music of the Christmas carols came from the street, Sam’s voice seemed to say, “You’re never going to desert Edna. Never.”
Her eyes were closed and she nodded, richly content. She had done the right thing, the only thing Sam.
There were tears in her eyes she caught him to her breast. “Oh my darling, my darling.” Again and again she kissed him.
And then, just at that moment, another Christmas present It was a telegram from
Birth Certifi-
ée of her marriagfa out on a state-wide campaign to the word “illegitimate”
as
1	cup sugar
2	eggs, woll-beateu
Va cup butter or other shortening
% cup milk
1 teaspoon lemon or vanilla extract
Sift flour once, measure, add baking powder, and sift together three times. Cream butter thoroughly, add sugar gradually, and cream together until light ami fluffy. Add eggs, then flour, alter uately with milk, a small amount at a time. Beat alter each addition until smooth. Add flavoring. Four into greased cup-cako pans, filling them about full. Baku iu mod orate oven t35U°F.) 20 to 25 miaules. Makes 2 dozen cup cakes. Frost as desired.
BUTTER FROSTING
4 tablespoons butter
1	teaspoon vanilla
2	cups silted confectioners' sugar
3	tablespoons milk or cream
Cream butter until very soft. Add
sugar gradually, blending thoroughly. Add vanilla. Thin with milk, a drop at a time uniii of right con sistency to spread. Spread ou cakes. Sprinkle with premium shred coconut if desired.
PASTEL JELLY TOPPINGS
Vi cup jelly (any tart flavor; l egg white, unbeaten. Dash of salt.
Place jelly In bowl and s<*t over hot water. Add egg wliilo and salt and beat with rotary egg beaten until jelly is tree from lumps. Remove from fire and continue heating until mixture is stiff enough to stand in peaks. Spread on cakes, garnish with hits of clear jolly and serve ui once. Makes enough Rusting to cover 2 dozen ct p cakes.
have
•truck out of birth records
over
CHAPTER SIX
(Conclusion)
came
spoons
crumbs over top and hake iu moderate oven (35UeF.) for Vii hour, reduce heat to (300°F.) and bake 1 hour longer, until apples are
Senator Cotton cate Bill passed by healthy major* . Merry Xmas.”
That’s what made it all so per-That was why, when the
Feeling at very low ebb one Edna was suddenly a
tty
morning, new woman as she read the telegram that came for her. It was from Senator Cotton.
“Have at last created an opportunity to introduce your bill in the legislature next week. The opposition however, is pretty strong and as I have not had the proper time to prepare, wish you would come at once to Austin and advise our committee on the points you state so ardently.” There were tears of gratitude in her eyes as she looked at Max. “I’ll leave for Austin to-day. This afternoon.”
It was just a week later that Senator Cotton stood before the State Legislature and made his plea.
She had kept faith with
gins to congeal.
Roll corn flakes into fine crumbs. Reserve Vi cup and combine re-
fect
house was quiet with all the children a-bed, Edna was so totally unprepared to have Dr. Max turn to her briskly and say,
“Well Edna, you’ve done some
good work is to get little Sammy set.”
More Christmas Gifts
He went on to explain. There a young couple, the Eld-
tender.
Yield: One 9-inch pie
THE END
THE FEMININE TOUCH
Mis* Chamber» sseleomea personal letters from Interested render*. She I» pleased to recelée suggestions on tapirs for her column, end Is even reedy to listen to your “pet peeves." Request» for recipes or special menu» are In order. Address your letters tv “Mies Molle IS. Cham, hers, 73 West Adelaide Street. Toronto." Send stamped. eelf-addre**e«l envelope If you wish « reply.
APPLE APPLIQUE DRESS
Now, all that’s left
The story of a woman who got her heart’s desire—a husband who could be normal and jealous like other men.
Beginning Next Week
3166
SIZES
2-8
was
ridges, who would be perfect as Sammy’s parents. They could give him a fine home in every way and there would be all the love in the world for him . . .
It was then that Edna blazed They can't have little
O
)
Free French Sub
To Stalk Enemy
m
Hitler’s Estimate Of German Losses

Cmdr. Louis Blaison said in a bi oadcast to conquered France recently that the Free French submarine Surcouf, largest submersible in the world, would shortly be setting out to sea again co “seek out the enemy.”
Commander of the Surcouf, he spoke in a special broadcast addressed to France and Britain powerful shoit wave sta-
out.
Sammy. If it hadn’t been for me he would have died. I gave him his life longs to me.”
Dr. Max slowly grew angry. “But Edna he needs a home and
and a mother, one
This isn’t
Hitler in his latest order of the day to the tioops on the Russian front gave an account of the destruction they have brought upon the enemy ing achievement,” said Hitler, obtained with sacrifices

“Gentlemen,” he cried, “persons branded as illegitimate must pay the taxes everybody pays but they cannot enter the civil service of their country. They can-,, not marry without exposing their tragedy. They cannot have children without hai.ding on their shame as a black and bitter heri-Gentlemen, let us help our
He be
He loves me
4
k ~
This outstand
6

a father
that belongs to him
home, it’s an institution.' “Then,” she said shrilly, leave here Home.”
He was stunned. “Give up the Home, Edna? Desert?”
The word, Sam’s word, hit her
between the eyes torted fiercely, years of my life to the Home. I’ve found parents for thousands
of children a child for myself.” She went to the desk and quickly scrawled out
Here’s my resignation
It means I’m
•‘was
that, however painful in individual cases, in the total amount to scarcely 5 per cent, of those of the World War.”
Total German casualties in the World War amounted to 7,142,558, according to the World Al-
Five per cent of this
S».
»
r
a

I’ll

over a lion.
%

I’ll give up the

ta go
state, the great State of Texas, to a finer, freer and more wholesome interpretation of our constitution than it has ever known
He told how the Surcouf had been abandoned in Britain alter
the fall of France.
“With a small nucleus of vet-
he said,
Em
ft
manat*
amount would be 357,150 men lost in the present Russian war. But on September 19 the German High Command recapitulated its casualties up to the end of Aug-
Since
A'®
eran submarine men,
bull up a crew; we transformed fishermen into gunners, peasants and college boys into electricians, firemen and soldiers
iiici;|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||| broken paits re-cast, the burned blueprints redrafted
then covered 22,000 miles
But she re-1’ve devoted
before.”
But now there were cries of
Why, it would cost
wm-
we
dissension the State of Texas hundreds of thousands of dollars for the re-of old birth certificates It would leave their fa-
!
Nazi Raiders Now Tell Different Story
Thousands. 1 want
We had the
They were 402,865 the beginning of September the fighting became even more intense, but seemingly there were less than no casualties othe hand, one conservative British estimate says the German casualties are 17,000 a day brings the German losses to very nearly 2,000,000 men, for less than four months of fighting against more than four years in 1914-18.
ust
issuing alone.
milles, their loved ones, unprotected and open to association with creatures of shame would allow those who transgressed the moral code to go unpunished . . e
But at this moment Edna rushed forward to the dais.
“Gentlemen,” she said, speaking from the bottom of her heart, “life can be made so much more
This “dramatic picture” of the Battle of the Atlantic has been given by the German radio and attributed to a Nazi airman:
“Two years ago fighting a convoy just meant dropping a lew bombs and flying buck to look fur damage.
“Now it’s more like battering a line of stiongly-defunded, concrete shelters with storm troops.
“Our ’planes go thiough indescribable hell.”
We have
a note
to the Board, Max through. I’m going back to Wisconsin and make a home for my child.”
since
and have dived 150 times.”
The submarine is undergoing reconditioning at the Portsmouth, N.H., navy yard.
“Frenchmen,” he said, “you are gagged, but we are here to tell your British allies and your Ameiiean friends of your admiration for the heroic Royal Air Force and for the sailors who are patrolling the North Atlantic. ’
applique
NCt.UOLD
On the
It
I
a
i
% e
Then, without a backward glance she rushed up the stairs, and into little Sammy’s nursery. Quickly, she begun packing his things, getting him ready for the They would leave tonight there was a train out in an She and little Sam would
It

%
For Young Fashionables
By Louise Lennox
trip
An apple for the teacher wont be at all necessary if your daughter wears this cunning little dress
You’ll like its smart
Previously the wearing of the “Canada” badge was restricted to soldiers about to embark.
hour
go on that.
All at once she remembered
It was in her
BOOKS BY MAIL
to school simplicity — the snug bodice and the full skirt that gives her plenty
Trim white
Sum’s picture study.
Postage prepaid on all orders. Write for fiee monthly Book/ Guide.
A
She descended the stairs and had just reached the foot of the steps when she stopped short. A police officer stood in the hall-with two little children, a
Both tots were
of room for action collar and cuffs are fresh, crisp accents—and of course the rosy red applique apples are bound to delight any young miss sier version with a heart-shaped neckline is also included in the
Cooling, *ootb inKMentholtitum instantly relieve» the stabbing pain. Jars and tubes. 30c.
THANKS TO KELLOGG S ALL-BRAN, THAT TROUBLE IS ONLY A MEMORY
BURNILL’S BOOK SHOP
100 Yong»e Street, Toronto
A

>
way
boy and a girl pinched and wan and woefully bvdiaggled.
The officer said, “Good evenin’ Mrs. Gladney. 1 got a couple of Christmas presents for you. We picked ’em up in a spot that w as raided.”
The little girl piped up know-Oh, we’re always being My mama’s a
j
A dres
I OF
Z
CHRISTMAS
PARCELS
I

*
pattern.
Style No. 3186 is designed for sizes 2, 4, 6 and 8 years. Size 4 requires 1% yards of 35-inch fabric for dress; M yard con-
8 yard for appliques;
For Overseas Soldiers
mm
Razor Jiludck, Chocolate»», Cigarette*. <Jum. Uxo, Liuut l,acc8. Soap. Lighter Flints.
etc. All thing* difficult to procure in Britain. Parcels specially packed for Overseas, .^ave time and trouble. Send one Uol-lut with Name. Regimental Num-b< r arid Unit of Soldier or Air-
CAO. PARCElJi DEREGISTERED
'
get at the cause of constipation due to lack of the right kind of “bulk" in the diet. Eat this delicious cereal for breakfast (or try it in muffins) every day and drink plenty of water. But remember, it doesn’t work like harsh purgatives time. At your grocer's, in two convenient size packages or in individual serving packages at restaurants. Made by Kellogg's in London, Canada.
etc
“I have suffered considerably from a sluggish digestive system and have tried many remedies which failed to bring relief. But now, thanks to eating KELLOGG’S ALL-BRAN regularly, that trouble is only an unpleasant memory," writes Howard E. Nichol, Pense, Saskatchewan.
KELLOGG S ALL-BRAN helps you
i
trasting
% yard for panties.
Send twenty cents (20c), (coin is preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73
West, Toronto.
ingly,
officer dapped his hand over her mouth. Now the little boy began
I'm thirsty
Clqu'U’Ue Vapete
%

' The
%
mun to SPATCH Lay St., Toronto. Receipt mailed to your address. SHARK YOUR COM FORTH WITH A SOLDIER OVERSEAS. (This organization can supply names of Soldiers overseas to whom gift parcels will he most welcome.)
ALL BRAN takes
NONE FINER MADE
350
i
St
Adelaide
V\ i te pla'nly yo and style number, state bivjs you wish
I’m
to whimper, awful thirsty.”
r name, address Be sure to
ISSUE 46—’41
Keeping Failli
Kdna looked at them dazedly
B
v
s
###PAGE###7###
“BATTLE STATIONS” ABOARD THE U.S.S. REUBEN JAMES
HI
RADIO REPORTER.
SUNDAY SCHOOL LESSON
a
-c

vy.r
w


DIALING WITH DAVE:



Saturday nights at 3.30 D.S.T-CROC and the C. B. C. network ‘Oscar’, the money alarm clock has probably the beet known tinglf of any 'alarmer” used today; and when his value ticks to the tune of sir or seven hundred dollars, there's excitement aplenty la store. Handled by Bert Pearl and Hugh Bartlett, both of the Happy, Gang, Share the Wealth is smoothly and smartly paced quit entertainment.
Hors 1» Benny Goodman and hie tamed clarinet; the melodic notes from which have been heard with all the great Symphonies on the continent; the hot notes from which have led the country’s greatest Swing Band to consistent leadership In the field of distinctly c:3ern music. You're Invited to hear King Benny’s favorite numbers starred In the Saturday Swing Session—four to five on CKOC— and his concert performances on your favorite network, when they are announced.
$
I

3c
i
$#

• ?
FT L
%

a





LESSON 20
UNION WITH CHRIST—John 14: SO; 16 I 1-10; 17 : 21-23; Rom. • : », 10; Cor. 6 : 16-20; 2 Cor. 6: 17; Gal. 2 : 20; Eph. 2 : 20 22; I i 17-1»; 4 : 16, 16; 6 : 29, 30; Phil, t : 9; 4 : 13; Col. 2 z 6, 7. PRINTED TEXT, John 16 : 1-10.
GOLDEN TEXT.—Abide In me, and In you. John 16 : 4.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—All the words quoted from the Gospel of John were spoken on Thursday evening of Passion Week, April 6, A.D. 80. The Epistle of Paul to the Romans was written about SO A D.; Second Corinthians, She year following; Galatians. 68 A.D.; and the Hplatle to the Ephesians, Phllipplans, and Colosslane, 64 A.D.
Place.—The words spoke., by our Loixl were uttered In Jerusalem. The Bp is ties to the Romans and the Galatians were written from the City of Corinth, First Corinthians from the City of Ephesus, Second Corinthians, probably, from the City of Philippi; Ephesians, Phllipplans, and Colosslane, were written while Paul was In prison in Roane.
1. "1 am the true vine, and my father is the husbandman.” Of eourse, the vine referred to here Is the grape-vine, throughout Palestine. What Is the rlnsT The vine is the root, the #ain stem, the branches, the ten-trils, the leaves, the huit—the whole of It. The vine is everything. Jesus said ”1 am the vlue; ye are the branches”; that is ys are parts of Myself, united to ms In a union so close end definite, that I am incomplete apart from you, sa you are incomplete apart from Me.

ü
mm
V
i
i
-j|

F#
i
m
*

:)
M

!
::


#
8
I

m
y

i

;
L
Borne sort of les sou to other folks Is the fame which has been won by Alec Templeton, Art Tatum and John Hepler, pianists I, Templeton's memory is prodigious —Hepler is said to have memorized 3,663 musical Items in ten years. All three pianiste, of course, are blind!
66

#
Kenney, Woodhouse à Hawkins entertain the troops on the C. B. C. network each week; and locally much Is being done to provide similar entertainment ’ In centres where members of the forces are stationed. Bach Thursday night at 1.10 D.S.T., CKOU goes to the Army Trades 8cL:û1 In Hamilton, and broadcasts a half hour of entertainment being provided for the boys there.


:


"Battle stations,” manning and directing the g uns of the U S.8. Reuben James, as pictured directly above, may have been the last act of duty of the torpedoed destroyer’s seven officers. Early reporta by the Navy Department left their fate uncertain, as none of the 44 erew members known to have been rescued was an officer.
THIS 'N THAT;
Lanny Roes, CBS singing star, ham chanted over 10,000 melodies In three years’ continuous broad-
canting.
“Memoirs of l>r. Lambert", CKOO Fridays at 7 p.m. D.S.T., still maintain a high standard of dramatic presentation!
Clifton Faddiman, noted M. C. of Information Please, Is slated lor another and equally important radio Job soon!
The Happy Gang’s Blue Plate Special Fun Book Is quite the book. The Gang are giving it away on dally show — two o'clock D.S.T* CKOC and CBC National Network.
markable degree to which he loved them. All relations and conditions of disciples!)ip are reduced to love.
10. "if ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as 1 have kept my Father's commandments, and abide In his love." God's commandments have to do with the life He commands us to live, with the conduct of our dally experience. To disobey the commandments of our Lord Is to put ourselves In such a position of heart, mind and soul, that the life of Christ does not freely flow unto us.
Large Families The Password
A. A. Projector
A Wicked Device
• • •
Bong styles are nearly always 'listening' styles. Baritone Barry Wood, heard, frequently on top-notch network shows, Is nearly always present In your local jukebox', and a favorite recorded singer from your radio station. Barry Wood Is popular, talented, personable! A Star of to-day — destined to be a greater star of tomorrow!
Brief Berlin radio reports about Russia using “fiendish rocket guns” are believed by experts to be based on this amazipg development:	the British are
known to have devised—and are apparently having the Russians try out—unique combinations of twelve nine-barrel “projectors.” These will simultaneously send 108 rocket-like projectiles into the sky, reputedly as high as 20,000 feet. When each projectile reaches a predetermined height, It ejects a long cable attached to a parachute, capable of destroying or severely damaging any plane that hits them. In one salvo the combination weapon is said to blanket a sons 1,200 feet long, 300 feet wide, and 800 feet deep.
One Place In World Where Large Family la Not Handi-
cap
You may be rolling In money . . . able to buy dozens of fine blouses ... but you can't even rent a garage In Mary Ridge, 8L Louis, Mo., unless you are raising a large family.
This exclusive suburban settlement la attracting widespread Interest In this day of mass housing problems, apartment dwellings, and cramped efficiences as one place where the head of a big family doesn't meet with the rebuff. “Sorry, but you’ve too many children, the neighbors won’t like It."
Here the answer Is: “Come right In, you’re what we’re looking for. People who don’t have children don’t live here."
Mary Ridge la the successful outcome of an Idea that germinated early in the business career of Charles F. Vatterott, Jr.
“As a real estate man and lumber dealer for 20 years," he said,
T am aware of the fact that In many subdivisions parents with many children are not welcome and I’ve sensed the need for something like this.
“In developing 20 subdivisions and building more than 2,000 homes I’ve seen large families discriminated against time and time again. I’ve had to turn down big families who wanted to buy or rent because I knew the neighbors would object. Bo I made up my mind that some day 1 would develop a subdivision devoted exclusively to big families."
Mr. Vatterott who is the oldest of 11 children and the father of eight, launched the project In April, 1940, and today the last of 100 planned houses are rapidly nearing completion. The finished homes are 80 per cent occupied, many having been sold before they were built.
• •
so common
Radio homes across Canada seem to be going for ‘Share the Wealth’,
OUR RADIO LOG
150,000,000 Back
Allies In Africa
SHORT WAVE
CJlv!. Kirk and L. 060k CKCH Waterloo 1490k CKAC Montreal 730k UiCO Ottawa 1310k CKtiB Timmlne 1470k CKSO Sudbury 790k CKPO Brantford 1380k CKLW Windsor 800k CKNX Wlngham 1330k L.S. STATIONS WEUK Buffalo 1340k WHAM Rochester 1180k WLW Cincinnati 700k WQY Schenectady 810k KÜKA Pittsburgh 1030k WBBM Chicago 780k WHEN Buffalo 930k WGR Buffalo 550k WKBW Buffalo 1530k WJR Detroit 760k
TORONTO STATIONS ÇJFHB 860k, CBL 740k CKCL 580k, CBY 1010k
The cables are
9.51m 9.58in 11.75m 11.80m 15.14m 17.7Hni 15.31m 17.81m 9.48m 9.86 m 060m 13.00m 15.18m
WGEA Schenectady
15X13 m
WCAB Phil». 15.37 m WRCL Bouton 16.15m WCBX N. York 11.83m
England
England
CSB CSC CSD England CSE England GSF England CSC Eng«and CSV England CSV England EAR EAU RAN HNE RV96
U.S. NETWORKS
General Charles de Gaulle, Free French leader, told the Royal African Society that “16U, 000,000 Africans are united In a single wish—the des' e for vitcory."
"None of the great continents offers such complete unanimity of opinion from this point of view, ' he said.
WEAK N B C. Red 660k WJZ NBC. Bine 770k WABC
WOR (M.B.S.) CANADIAN ST
(C.B.S.)	880k
710k AT10NS CFOS Owen 14. 1400k CROC Hamilton 1160k CHML Hamilton 000k CKTB St. Cath. 1230k CFCF
Spain
Spain
HuNNln
ItusHia
RuMoln
One Purpose Only 1 "Every branch In me that beareth not fruit, he taketh It away; and every branch that bear-eth fruit, he cleanseth It, that It may bear more fruit." The grapevine Is for one particular purpose,
So bear fruit. If It does not bear fruit. It W of no value. Branches Shat do not serve this purpose must be removed, for the simple reason Shat they take strength from other branches which are attempting to produce fruit, strength which in . them would be wasted. The ol<f"^ self-life Is always sending out Its •hoots, and we can have no mercy them; but If we deal with the more superficial sins on the surface of our life, as we get older realise their deeper appeals, and to the end of .lfe shall be and more aware of their sin
Newsweek.
600k
ÇFCH North Bay 1230k CFCO Chatham 630k
1670k 1240k ¦	1400k
M. 1400k
Montreal
Six Months of War Costs $498,519,624
CFPL CUC# Stratford CFRC Klugetei CJIC Sault St a.
Did You Know That
Canada's war expenditures during ts first half of the present fiscal year were more than double those of the same period in 1940-41, It Is shown In the monthly repori of the Comptroller of the Treasury.
From April 1 to Sept. 30 this year, the war cost the Dominion government $498,619,624 compared with $238,810,242 In the first six months of the previous fiscal per lod, the report shows.
Transportation costs and storage space for bottled soft drinks can be cut in half by redesigning bottles to fit closely in vertical
racks.
. A tomato-potato hybrid is a resent novelty exhibited in Russia.
The world’s largest resources of clay for china are in Devon and Cornwall, England.
15th CENTURY SAILOR
Answer to Previous Puzzle 10 Contends.
11 Being.
14 Bom.
26 He is credited with the of America.
17 Chair.
19 Tree.
I EiUI 20 His voyages DHQI were ¦AM dangerous. ALLS) 22 Weight
allowance.
24 Male bee.
26 Gypsy.
29 Uneven, his trip with 31 Middle.
32 Simpleton.
62 He made a	33 Lacquer,
westwaiH------36 Fish eggs.
to reach India. 39 Gust.
42 Home.
44 Adorns.
46 Leather strap, 48 To puff.
60 Stir.
53	Female sheep.
54	Triangular shield.
58	Avenue (abbr.)
59	Beside.
HORIZONTAL
I Genoese navi-1 gator, Chris- 1 topher
I His father was
or
a
maker of fabric.
12	To thrash.
13	Amphitheater centers.
15	Inward.
16	Sounds of bells.
18	Want.
19	Lace.
21 Compositions for two.
23 Norse myths. 45 Half an em. 25 Senior (abbr.) 46 Forward.
27	Gibbon.	47	To filch.
28	Tennis stroke. 49 Brother.
29	Ounce (abbr.) 51 Measure.
30	Companions. 52 Christinas
times.
34	To leave out. 55 Bone.
35	Precept. 56 To plant.
87 Doctor (abbr.) 57 Pliable glove
leather.
59 Curse.
61A Spanish
Î This Curious World
By William Ferguson
I
or
more
y ter power. The quick sensitive of age must not be ignored. It
I
Y
neei
may be as strong a shoot in the old forest sapling as the manifestations of passion In earlier life Old men, for instance, may be Jeal of young ones, and quick to
take offence If there are symptoms of their being put aside.
S. "Already ye are clean because of the word which 1 have spoken
unto you." The pruning knife. God had discovered
and condemned all there was ui self; they were now emptied and elearned, ready for the incoming
of the Holy Spirit.
4. "Abide in me, and 1 in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of Itself, except It abide in the vine; so neither can ye, except ye abide in me." The vine abides in the branch through its life-giving sap, and the branch abides in the vine by its organic growth. There is a mutual ln-being. The more we endeavor to abide in Christ the more
that He abides in us.
FLOATING FLOWER. BOXES

I
ABEDD
I
N
I
41 Sound of inquiry. 43 Roosted.
STREAMS/
m
o US
her

WATER PLANTS THRIVE IN HALF-
a
DECAYED LOGS
where: seeds
Word is God's
VERTICAL
2	Indian.
3	Earth.
4	Hoofed quadrupeds.
5	Soul.
6	Footed vases.
7	to view.
8	To walk like a duck.
queen financed 9 Electric term. 60 Lava.
President of U.S. Speaks About Nazis

wm
hi,
ti
S3 Porch.
A

The practice of executing scores of innocent hostages in reprisal for isolated attacks Germans in countries temporarily under the Nazi heel revolts a world already inured to suffering and brutality. Civilized peoples long ago adopted the basic principle that no man should be punished for the deed of another.
Unable to apprehend the persons involved in these attacks the Nazis characteristically slaughter 50 or 100 innocent persons. Those who would “collaborate” with Hitler or try to appease him cannot ignore this ghastly warning.
» The Nazis might have learned from the last war the impossibility of breaking men’s spirit by terrorist. Instead they develop their “Lebensraum" and “new order” by depths of frightfulness which even they have never approached before.
These are the acts of desperate men who know in their hearts that they cannot win. Frightfulness can never bring peace to Europe. It only sows the seeds of hatred which will one day bring fearful retribution.
—President Roosevelt.
a.
u
on
38 Form of moisture. 40 Rocky pinnacle.
10
at FLAGSTAFF, ariz.,
SCIENTISTS HAVE FOUND
M
15
3
oh
UUJGH//VG GAS
i
6
are we sure
&. "I am the vine, ye are the
branches: He that abldeth in me, and 1 In him, the same beareth much fruit; for apart from me ye can do nothing." If we are abiding in Jesus, let us begin to work. Let ua first seek to influence those around us in daily life. When you look at the branch, you see at the likeness to the Vine. V\ e
O


» A
VO
2
7
5 26


&
V*
NOT ALL
KINGFISHERS
%
37
36
Vi
i
s
0
3?
once
must live to be like Jesus.
SOME UVE ON

SNAKES, LIZARDS
With The Wicked I. **if a man abide not in me, be Is cast forth as a branch, and is withered; and they gather them, and cast them into the five, and they are burned." The soul grow* and shrlvelle that is ca.t forth from Christ; it pines away under the scorching Influence v? the world and alienation from the truth. What about those who are •‘cast Into the fire and burned?”
that they will
I 4
3
5
jdfr
iST 1ST

&
AND INSECTS.
7

00P<t 193# BY SEA SERVICE. INC-
Ml
54
3
MOTHER NATURE tries hard to cover ugly scars, and in the tropics this is accomplished very quickly. Fallen trees speedily turn to loll, aided by the action of plant roots. A floating log turns into a veritable flower box, and oftentimes it is the beginning of a floating Island, where birds may nest among the rank foliage
NEXT: What Is the rat population of the United States?
5
6
7
56
¦are
20
Doea It not mean have their place with the incorrig
Ibly wicked at last?
Prayer
7. "If ye abide in me. aud my worda abide in you, ask what5'» will, and It shall be done
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—The Needle Just Bobs Up and Down
v
%

YfcS! THAT'S WHY can't THREAD lï i
I CAN*T THREAD THIS "ORDINARY" NEEDLE !
HAS IT GOT A BLINKING
EYE- ?	"
ever ye
onto you. 8. Herein is my Father glorified, that ye bear much fruit; and so shall ye be my disciples." Why speak of prayer at this £j prayer la the branches desiring and demanding the life of the vine In order that they may boar fruit according to the nature and purpose of the vine.

9
1
J
• #
is
u
intV


K
ÙJ
y
x
• w
\

I

Commandments
the Father hath loved
1 also have loved you: abide
The comparison

». "Even «s



me,
v# In my lo e. "lllllllllllllllllllll
la consoling; showing both l c ract that He loved them, and the re-
HZ
i
"Rel*Sfc»«l hr The Bsil Syndic*!*, In- »
•* *9
u-mm

T

s


*
%
111
I

A
j

<
SBa ÏÏ
caa ii sa 3 a
lia ass
QsBH
BBKKB
iSWrHeix
EE BB

a aa

BBSS
SS
aBusaaajiSjijüjaÿ
is ÏÜ33Ë4B
###PAGE###8###




•5*
Christmas Cards—N ow is the tim Light F rom Animals and
11	" £ü\4	, 0th" Odd Source,
KaïWciioley, Sh..,il„.	heatfhtAlî
525 degrees Centigrade. But many other agencies besides heat can pro duce light—rubbing, fracture, pound ing, excitation by electricity ci The fnneial <>t‘ Mrs. Stephen short-wave radiation, etc. Surgeon's Joliticox Wiv= held on Sunday fitter • tape ernj(S a greenish glow when noon from the funeral home ot stripped from a roll. Lumps of sug XV. .1. Hayes & Son, and was at ar ]umjnesce when rubbed together tended by many relatives and QuaTtz pebbles shine when struck friend< bervjce was t,<)n,^(‘ V( by a hammer. When ozone is bub
gp gssEii
Mrs. Johncnx. di.-.i in Ottawa on are still searching for "cold light." Thursday Nov. 20, and the re Fluorescent and vapor-discharge mains were brought to Shawville. I lamps (e.g., neon, sodium) are true She was the former Frances cold light. They include sponges, Horner, daughter of the late Mr. what makes them shine, and Mrs Ralph Homer, pioneers Thousands of animal species scat-Radford section, ‘Clarendon, tered through 40 orders also emit In her 82nd year she spent most of cold light. They include sponges, her lifetime in Clarendon and jellyfish, earthworms, brittle stars, Shaw ville, and went to reside in crustaceans, insects, spiders, mol Ottawa about fifteen years ago j iUSCs, squid, marine worms, hyd Surviving are three daughters roids> siphonophores, sea pens, cten and two sons, Mrs. Harry Wnille 0phores, corallines, myriapods, bal-and Mrs. Geo. Cod trey, uttfi , anoglossids, ascidians, fish. There
smslss
seen on human corpses.
Look Here
President’s Check Came Back
The National Press club recently returned President Roosevelt's check for his quarterly dues because it did not include the 10 cent added “defense tax” applied to all mem-oers. He paid it. To the press club ail members are alike, as the case of another President indicates.
When Calvin Coolidge was President, his name was "posted” at the club for nonpayment of dues. His namî stayed posted for several
weeks, until a club officer had it re-	.	,
£r$œ!rE&*5’aî“
he mess club his check
Christmas photos
pre*W)cir prices
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost, etc.
e
Fh


€)
Many Attend Funeral of Mrs. Stephen Johncox
%
FOR SALK—Two frame sleighs, two sets harness and three horses. Apply to U A HoiXîixs, R. R. 1 Rhone 13—5
*>
j


AXXVXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
0

<u

W

Notwithstanding the rise in price of living commodities, wo are still keeping the price ot photo’s down to pre-war levels.
This will enable you to solve the problem of Christmas Gifts, as ycur friends can buy anything you can give them
FOR SALE—A quantity of swede turnips, suitable for table use, Apply to Elwood Dali;, Shaw ville,
•*
O

€)
»

e>

“EXCEPT YOUR PHOTOGRAPH

e
FOR RENT—Comfortable rooms with or without hoard J Hamilton, Seawville.
%)
Apply to Mils. Sam
%
Chiropody Was Painful
Early History Operation, F0R SALE_ManN black fuv coat.
In the early Nineteenth century, Apply to Mrs. Geo. IIorxkii at the home itinerant U. S. barbers traveled | °f Mrs. Jos. Sly. Shaw ville
from town to town, carrying bags
A PHOTO of the loved ones to the boys overseas will ho greatly appreciated.
We are still making our animal offer

,€
>
*>

6i
É-
“Two extra Photo’s with each dozen’’
......	,	, FOR SALE-Six head of 24 year old
of dirty knives, and even old steels Durham cattle, also one Oxford ram.
from corsets, for paring customers' Apply to Hiliiard Beattie R. 1 Onslow
corns. They usually charged 25 | Rhone Shawviile 12-9
cents an operation, raised howls of pain from their victims. One day, while lounging around a hotel lobby, a lush-bearded young man from New Hampshire named Nehemiah Keni-

*
of
•J
Come early and give us ample time to finish, especially those for long distance mailing.
A fine assortment of folders to choose from.
Make an appointment today
For Service
Yorkshire hog. Service fee. $1.00 son met a Scotsman who had a new, | dub members free. Apply to painless method of removing corns.
Instead of digging with a scalpel, he first softened the corn in acid, then carefully shelled it out with a dull bone blade.
Nehemiah Kenison knew a good
business when he saw it. He ex- I jn loving memory of Mr. Robert Telford amined the acid, went to Boston, Moorehead, Que. who entered into where he set up an office opposite rcst) Nov. 25th, 1939,
Old South Church. Nehemiah gener-|'pwo yeavs have passed since that sad* ously taught his trick to his sons and half a dozen relatives, who
Wilson Tracy, Yarm, Que
II. IMISON
In Memonam
PHOTO ARTIST
QUEBEC
SHAW VILLE
George E. Fumerton Well-known Resident of Fort Coulonge Dies Suddenly at His Home
48 Native-Borp Signers
And 48 States in Union




BBEEEEBEBEEBBEEBEEEBEBBQEQEEEQB5
ODDK
r/mvwwrtwJMSM/i
day
George Edwin Fumorton, widely When the 56 signers of the Dec-know resident of Fort Cou longe, | laration of Independence stepped died suddenly at his home^Monday forward to affix their signatures to night from a heart seizure. He that priceless document, it is quite was 67 years ot age.	improbable that any of them thought
Mr. Fumer ton was not in the ^îat the United States would some best of health tor some time, and ^ consist of exactly the same
oversets with the R C A F. and country, which of course, exactly
recently was credited with shoot- corresponds with the number of
ine down two Him ’planes. The states in the Union now. funeral of Roy Fumer ton was Of those eight other signers, three held from the family residence came from Ireland, two each from On Saturday.	England and Scotland, ending with
Mr. Fumer ton was born and I one from Wales, lived his entire life in Fort Con- The majority of the signers were longe. He had been a town coun- men of law, the barristers narrowly cillor for some years, was secretary j winning out in the race, with 16 of the rural telephone exchange, | signers as against 15 lawyers. An-an elder of the United Church and other group won out with the same a member of the Masonic Order. close margin of one, when as the
ISSJ $%%%%%
«and was marned	her, while the merchants listed nine
military
Officer Carl Fumer ton, with the service had only two soldier-signers R C A F overseas ; George E , jr., The list ended with one college pres of Sudbury ; Shirley ancT Howard, ident, printer, brewer and a manu-of Fort Coulonge.	| facturer. The oldest living mem-
ber was George Wythe, a lawyer, born in Elizabeth City, Va., who died in 1806. He was then 80 years
When one I loved was called away taught others. So began the science | G0a took him home, it was His will ; of chiropody in the U. S.	W'thin my heart lie liveth still.
Today, although a few chiropo- |	Ever remembered by his wife,
dists practice in barbershops, chiropody is a highly respectable handmaiden of medicine, requiring two years of college training, three or four years in one of six approved schools
known as podiatrists because, to their horror, they are often confused with chiropractors.
Hodgins Garage
IN MEMORIAL
\
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
\
McDowell—In fond and ever loving memory of my dear husband, Thomas E. McDowell who passed away Nov. 24th, 1939.
It is so sweet to remember a husband • so dear,
Though absent from me, yet ever so dear
Unseen by the world he stands by my side
And whispers, “ cannot divide
\
I
5
Chiropodists like to be

\
X
\

X


5
x

&
Commercial Steel Freed
Thousands of Slaves
\
USED CARS
V

&
My dear one, death Lonely Wife

Invention of commercial steel, less than a century ago, completely revolutionized the construction and
x
N

production of ropes and wheels.
The invention of steam and gas engines and electric motors, made possible by steel, first enabled the entirely mechanical hoisting and hauling of enormous tonnages of team of horses 0 and 0 years old ; farm materials by steel wire ropes and and machinery, with or without stock ; steel wheels at astonishing speeds 1^ acres, running water in house and with safety and ease. The thou- I barn, sands of slaves who, under the biting lash, pulled and hauled with primitive ropes and wheels in the building of the Pyramids would today be replaced by a comparative handful of husky young fellows in
BHillHP
PROPERTY FOR
SALE
1 — 1940 Special Black Sedan 1—1937 Master Delux Sedan 1—1934 Chevrolet Sedan 1 — 1930 Ford Coach, Model A
a
x
X
One year and half old heavy colt
x
x
X
X
X
Apply to
DAVID ANGUS
Charteris
x
x



X
X
Phone 30- 3
x
x
x
X
rx
x
HORSES
X
For Sale
X
H. Lyman McDowell Dies at Pembroke Hospital
After a long illness, Henry Ly man McDowell, died at a rem broke Hospital Sunday night. He was in Ills 57th year.
During his 12 years’ residence m Pe.ubroke his home was at J)< Pembroke street. He was employed in the carpentry trade in addition to his position with the church during the past few years. He was a member of Kippewa Lodge, A F. and A. M. No. UJ, Temiskaming, Horn in Shaw ville, he was a son of the late Henry 1 McDowell and his wife. Jane Connolly.
In addition to his wife, the former Nellie Ostrum, he is survived by two daughters, Pearl and Jean,
six brothers, John J,,
Arnold S., of
Melville, Sask : Franklin C., in Alberta ; Manson H. and Gold win G., of Shaw ville ; also two sisters, Mrs. C. H MacLean, of Shawville, and Mrs. E. H. Manley, of Halifax.
The funeral was held from his late residence Tuesday afternoon. A Masonic service was conducted by Pembroke Lodge. No. 129. The minister was K.*v. H. M. Setvage,
of Wesley United Church. Interment was made in the church cemetery.
x
V
X
B
old
a
s\
X
X
-
X
One grey mare, rising 5 years, 1500 lbs
One matched pair Clydesdales, 3 and 4 years, 3000 lbs

S
S3
x
X
Collects 200 Tiny Hats
One of Mrs. Daniel H. Grady’s (Portage, Wis.) hobbies is collecting hats, none of which could be suitable for milady’s headgear.
She saves everything from lithographs and first edition autographed books to rickety, century-old mclodians, but one of her most cherished possessions is a collection of more than 200 miniature hats.
They are made of wood, many kinds of glass, clay and china. A century ago these hats served as toothpick dispensers, flower bowls and table decorations in some cl the country’s smartest homes.
One of them is a man’s hat, once “worth” $4,000. It is a “topper” only three inches tall. On it is inscribed
backs, reduced and macerated at the United States Treasury. Estimated value of bills, $4,000.”
s
\
3
x
>
i.
of lives were consumed cn the Pyra mia job. The Empire Stale building in New York city—a bigger job ii every way—was swung up to it towering height of 102 stories witi wire rope and sheave, \ and motor, in 15 mo: record for safety of
Apply to
VINCENT HO DO I NS,
Phone 18—10

&
x
Sliawville
1Î
x
i
y?
s
X
CO1. CULM
X
faper-Like Material
‘Alsiftlm’ Is Ageless
Newsprint made from Southern pine, now in production, may have far-reaching results for the South. Low'« costs arc possible ; the wood Whiz*, is used costs less, and powei costs are lower because of the availability of natural gas and petroleum ; the biggest savings are ex pectcd to come from reduction it. freight charges, particularly in shipping newsprint from Canada to Nov. England. But the operation is Ur new yet for data.on exact costs.
Already, however, a radically new development may still further re duce the cost of newsprint made ir the South. • The U. S. Forest Products laboratory announces a new and cheaper process of making pa-‘per by using part gum wood and part pine. Gum constitutes about one-half of southern forests; what to do with it has been a problem.
But the paper of the future max contain no wood or vegetable material at all. A paper-like material known as “Alsifilm” has been developed in the laboratories of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Made of Bentonite, a type o! clay composed of aluminum silicate (hence the1 name “Alsifilm”), the product would be of the greater value for printing records. It is age less; it will not discolor or become brittle, is resistant to water and is impervious to corrosive chemicals, acids and oil.
X
t
J. L. 11<>!)<; INS
X
K • ;'!

cs
X
X
Phone 64- J.
x
X
Seal of U. S.
Great Seal of United States, adopted June 20,	1872. shows spreae
eagle with wings ou. spread ; on it: breast, a shield of 13 alternate rec and white stripes, joined by a banc or chief of blue, representing con gross. Eagle holds in one claw c bundle of 13 arrows and in the dthei an olive branch, denoting power ii peace and war. In its beak is r
Trotsky’s Brain	j«o!1	motto> E Pluribu:
«SSH fl*E
Wlmm sup
« ""	r/nMX .1 th“ lM'«Sow Amori
tr>,“ - ' 5iS« «
If a man, for instance, like Trot-•:ky, is born with an instinctive de-to kill, maim and torture others
or what
calls “principles,” for doing what instincts urge him to do.
Xj
2Bfcd2^BEl^aBBBEEaEBBOBBBgBBBBBBBaBBBBBBglElBBB

at home of He ward, Sask
ESTABLISHED 1883
Made of national green

INVALID
T
COACH
GEO. HY2TE3 & SOU
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
tBShawville Que.

il
Mrs. W. Beattie Dies at Shu mâcher
The sudden passing of Mrs. Wallace Beattie came as a great shock to her many friends, Mrs. Bzattie took ill at her home, Shumacher on Saturday morning, Nov before medical aid could be summoned.
Mrs. Beattie was born August 2nd, 191G in Leslie, Quebec. She was 25 years of age at the time of her death and had been a resident of Shumacher
In Juue, 1937 she wns
Phone 80
s 1
f.25Z5?i25ESB5252!^52525BW5BWra252525252521)25Bry2525y252Sd525EW5ZS252525252525252525E525252525
15 and passed away
F
nature.”
L The LITTLE RANGE that does ; Ij a BIG JOB of cooking Cheating. |
Horse Nettle for Colds t even pigs will cat the bitter.
Otherwise
,vn as bull nettle, it is a weed cam growers cf our Middle t have learned to curse eloquent
Ed and widely.
?nt nf t!:e announce s.may Lc prepared b:it cent?.ms prac ly all the known vitamins ir. amounts, it has been found that c nulle may be utilized to trea. he colds that will soon be common Indeed, experiments with extracts horse nettle have been successful in the treatment of indigos tien and infections ranging from pyorrhea to peritonitis.
Dis Davis M. Greer.berg and The odore Wir.nitk of the University o! California are credited with dis.ov ering a protein-digesting enzyme resembling pepsin in horse nettle Called solar.ain, the new substance
si rené will soon find “reasons
%
<
-
i
i

for 21 years
married to Wallace Beattie in Timmins Surviving Mrs. Beattie are her husband and eight months old daughter June Marilyn ; her parents. Mr. and Mrs. Clem Laughren ; sisters, Jean and Orma and brother Elwin.
The funeral was held Monday from the home of her parents to the Trinity United church where Rev. Norman Healy conducted the funeral ,, Interment was made in South Porcupine cemetery. The pall bearers were : Manley Laugh ren, Lloyd Laughren, Denham Greer, Clifford Greer Melvin Cavanaugh and Jack McPhail.
I
rnv horse nettle
m

is
I
j
i
Children’s Day
In 1883 the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church designated the second Sunday in June as Children’s day and that has been the day accepted by many denominations. Several years before that date Presbyterians, Methodists,
Baptists and other denominations had been observing Children’s day and a few years before that time, ir about 1868, the General Conference af the Methodist Episcopal Church had given recognition to the day.
From almost the beginning of American history pastors devoted certain Sundays to special services for children and early in the Nineteenth century Sunday schools were organized. From these services the churches gradually came to observe resists heat up to 8( degrees Cvn
Children’s day.	grade.




1
r» ' c
0
A small modem stove with all the cooking and heating efficiency of many larger and more expensive ranges. Takes up very little floor space, yet has a full sire 14 inch oven. Bums either wood or coal. You'll be delighted with the ability of this Findlay rang# — and with its moderate price, See it today.
9
fn-
Acid and Oranges
University of California scientists find that acid soils are essential foi citrus trees. A long-continued satisfactory growth of orange trees was found to be unlikely in soils which on the alkaline side. It has beer pointed out by other scientists that the alkaline soil content is likely to increase with irrigation, some alkali settling out of the water as the latter evaporates. Iron sulphate, it is said, is now being used in place of aluminum sulphate for acidifying soils. The acidity of California soils has been proved to be higher than previously was believed—a cheering bit of news for our orange industry.
service
are
R. A. GRANT
V
STRAYED
Onto the premises of the undersigned about two months ago, one red two year old steer. Owner may have by paying expenses incurred.
KENNETH PIRIE,
R. 1, Sbawville
General Merchant
same
BRISTOL, QUE,
Phone 24-
Pbone |0—11
