###PAGE###1###
1
U
XI
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United States
i
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE: THURSDAY, OCTOBER 30th 1941
vS
No. l!) ôOtu Year
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Corner Bank ard Somerset Streets
Dr. F. W. MARTIN
Surgeon Dentist
C. T. Paul’s Building, Main Street
Phone 119
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
DIED
Fool) SALK—A food sain initier the auspice* of Starks Corners L <>. B. A. will be held at the (Jotie — Hobbs meat shop on Sat
unlay afternoon Oct. 1st.
Hallo'when Dance — At the Theatre Hall, Oct. 31st, under the ampiccs of the A<1 in it Kebekah Lodge, Mixed dancing from U p m. to 1 a. m., Standard time. He* freshmen ta served. Frizes. Ad* mission 50 cents.
Radio Batteries
Stevenson - At the home of hei son. Finest Stevenson, Camp-hell * Bay, Que , on Sunday, (Jet, 20tli, 1041. K Hie RiehanDon.
beloved wife of the late Duncan B Stevenson in her 84th year The funeral took place at 1.90 o’clock on Tuesday afternoon. Oct, 28th from the late home of the deceased, to Campbell's Bay United Church and Union Cerne, tery.
X
and
Ottawa Ontario
Thi old reliable school ha si removed to laige and finer premises. The finest and most modem in Untar schoo with
reputation Open all year.
Flash Lights
Tenth Annual Banquet, United Young People’s Union
With over 100 members of the Shawville United Y. P. U. and their guests present, the annual banquet of the Union was held in the Sunday School room of the church on Monday evening.
Atter a choice supper hftd been served by the Women’s Association led by their President, Mrs. C H. MacLean. A sing song was con ducted by Rev. A, F. Pokes. Geo. Eaoes, President of the Shavy ville Union presided for a long list of toasts and addresses interspersed with songs.
Special speakers were Rev. D. X Bishop, of Qnyon, Leslie Beamish, Ottawa, President of Montreal Conference Union, El wood Edey, Aylmer, president of the Ottawa Presbytery Union, Miss Jean Bax ter, returned missionary from East Africa and Rev. K. v. Bolton, of St. Paul’s Anglican church.
Those who gave addresses in proposing or responding to the various toasts were. Miss Minola Gould, Walter Kilgour, Ben Mid lige, Mrs H axle wood Elliott, James Gordon, Clarence Dean, John R. McDowell, Leslie Dean, .Robin Hod g ins, John Ramsay and Mrs C. H, MacLean. The accompanist the!piano was Lindsay Judd It was announced that the next meeting of the Shawville Union is to be held on November 9th.
Attend a established
Announcement— Big Star Spe. rial at Marion’s beauty shoppe for one week only commencing
I will give $1 # For
an
McRae—At an Ottawa hospital on Monday, Oct. 27th, 1911, John Allan McRae, beloved husband of Lura May Wright. The funeral was held from the residence to St. Luke’s Anglican Church at2.30 p. m. on Wednesday 29th The late Mr. McRae was born in Slmwville and is a brother of Mr, R. E. McRae. Some years ago he conducted a bakery business in Shawville.
Oct. 28 to Nov. 1st a genuine oil permanent for Shampoo not included, appointments phone 37.
Marion Holmfh Next Telephone Office, Shawville
W. E. COWLING President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE
Principal
50c
6 Ignitor Dry Cells........
770	B Batteries ...........
771	0 Batteries ...........
740 A Batteries, 1.4 volt..
A1300 A Air Cell 1.4 volt.......
A2300 A Air Cell 500|hour, 2v 4,95 A2600 A Air Cell 1000 hour 2v 7.95
No
$3.20
i i
50c
JAMES A. MILLAR
2,40
Shooting Match;— A shooting
innt'li for turkeys, geese, ducks, and chickens will be held at Vliar, teris on Thursday Oct. 30, under the auspices of L. O. L. No <lo. Shooting to start at one o clock. In the evening a masquerade dance will be held in the Orange Hall. Vi ize given for best dressed ipie. Good music, refreshments Admission—50 cents
Illustrated Lecture, Nor. 5
B 'A.. l. l. l.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129,MainlSt.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’» Hotel, Campbell’» Bay every Wednesday morning At PontiacHouse, Shawville,every Wednesday at Noon
3.25
PERSONAL MENTION
Flash Lights, 95 cents up
Mr, John Aligns, of Ottawa, visited relatives in town and vicinity over the week end.
Mr. and Mrs. John Lester and Mrs. John Knox visited friends at Dtmraven on Sunday.
Dr. R. E. Dagg, of Montreal, spent the week-end with friends and relatives in town.
Miss Arlene Hod gins, of Ottawa, spent the week end with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Elliott Hodgins, at Yar m.	*
Mr. W. A Hodgins has returned from Brockville where lie spent the past couple of weeks visiting his daughter, Mrs. J. Smith.
co
HARLAND C. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE t
4 Estate C.J. Caldwell f
Dr. Armour. Dominion Secretary for the British and foreign Bible Society will give an illustrated lecture on Wednesday evening, Nov. 5th, in the United Church. Everyone is welcome to and hear this outstanding
Graduate of cGill University
SHAWVILLE,QUE.
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
come speaker.
Ken Smyth Receive» Wings
Kenneth Smyth, eldest son of Mis. Smyth and the late Mr. t. C. Smyth, of Shawville, received his wings at SuHimerside, P,E 1,, on Friday. The Equity joins many
Shawville friends in extending congratulations.
Advocate Barrister, Soliciter, c.
Office : Campbell’sBay, Que (In Lawn Block)
on

LADIES' WINTER COATS
Relatives in town and vicinity have received word that Capt. C. U Smart, of the Royal Canadian Dental C’orp has arrived safely in England.
DONA 1 L c G UERRIER
MARRIED
Swartz—Giff
L.L.B,
B. A
The marriage of Hazel Marion
Lav Beverley Howard, R.Ç.A F. Giff, daughter of Mi s Win Giff, of Mountain View, Ont , spent a few Montague, and Bert Thomas days furlough at the home of his Swartz, son of Mr. and Mrs. Irwin father, Mr. Ci. A. Howard.	Swartz, of Shawville, was quietly
..	,	» solemnized in St. John's Anglican
Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Stark and chutch chapel, Smith falls, Out.. infant son, of Cornwall Ont, we*e on Wednesday evening. Rev. A Sunday visitors at the home ot the T ClU80U officiated. __ formels parents, Mr. and Mrs. W The bride Wfi8 charming in a
C. Staik.	street-length dress of royal blue
Mr. and Mr-. Earle Hodgins and wool crepe with brown accessories daughters, Helen, Marion and and a corsage of American Beauty Beverly, of Haleys, visited at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Harry Hodgins, on Sunday.
Mr. Harvey Ross has returned to Malar tic, after spending a few days with relatives in this vicinity. lie was accompanied by his mother, Mrs. Win. Ross.
The Misses Florence Elliott and Muriel Davis, who had been visiting the relatives of the former for the past two months, left Sunday for their home in Stanraer, Sask.
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
isseesssssssse
vxvxxxxxxxxxxx-
Smartly styled Winter Coats, fur-trimmed with Opossum, brown dyed Squirrel, black South American Mink, Alaskan Sable, etc,
Good winter-weight cloths with chamois interlining, black, teal, blue, wine, green and
grey,
wyyyyyyy
Concert for Soldiers’ Christmas Cheer A Success
Branch at Quyon ; will cal an Monday on request
Matter dealt with by correspondence
A concert, sponsored by Shawville Womens Institute, to raise funds to send Christmas packages
soldier from this district
was held on
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, -2219
to every
who are overseas,
Friday night at the Theatre Hall, ami was very well patronized and
4lie6 program was provided by Shawville Buys’ Band, under the direction of Sgt. Tidnmn, ot 1 et-awa, who contributed several saxophone and vocal solos; a quartette composed ot Mrs. u. i. Paul. Mis. A E McCredie, Misses Kay and Barbara. Woodley ; a
[196 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot Hotel, Campbe. Bay
$ 16.50 to $30.00
i oses.
The young couple were attended by Mr, and Mrs. GeorgefGitf all of Smith s Falls. Following the ceremony, a reception was held at the home of the bride's parent-. Mr. and Mrs. Swartz will reside in Valleyfiekl, Que.
cm
every Tuesday at Neon.
At Pontia House, Shawville every Tuesday Evening.
Ladies’ Fall Dresses
duet by the ntrie	vmnc
Rennick and Marjorie Smart ; a Victory drill by girls oi the High School ; an instrumental trio by
Mi aitcl Mrs. H. 0. Howat and
their son, Cameron, who also gave
a clarinet *olo.	,
Mr-. Edgar Hodgins was the
accompanist	.. ..
Mr It P Eudes, president ot the
local branch of the Bed Cross Society, acted as chairman.
During an intermission hgt. Tillman led the audience m a
lively singsong.
A refreshment booth was ducted by the Institute and a dance followed the program, the nw-ic being by Mrs George Lake
Lindsay Judd and
D. J. CAMPBELL
Dale—Dahms
At three o'clock oil Saturday afternoon, St, George’s Church, Thorne Centre, decorated with oak leaves and autumn blooms wa~
Mrs. McBride received a cable of I the scene of|the marriage of Evelyn
mmsm mwm
K C. Bolton was the officiating clergyman, and Miss Dorothy I mi-on played the wedding music. During the signing of the register “Dream of Love’ was played.
Miss Maude Dahms attended her -ister. as bridesmaid and Mr. John Baugh, acted as best mail. The guests were ushered to their pews by Mr. Keith Hodgins,
The bride, given in marriage by her father, wore a daytime dress of sky blue wool crepe, designed on simple lines with a high Week line, bracelet length sleeves and small buttons .down the back to the waistline. She wore a small black felt hat with shoulder length veil and matching accessories. Her?only Torn*meut was a gold locket, a gitt of the bridegroi m. Her shoulder knot was of pink and bouvardia and she car*
Veterinary.; Surgeon
shawville
Splendid assortment of crepes, jersettes, and wools, etc. especially styled for the Winter season and in a wide variety of colours.
14 to 44
$3.25	$3.95	$4.95	$8.50
Phone 81
Er. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE. PLATEAU 63 8 8
All sizes
Mrs. Cecil Gordon spent a tew days with lier parents, Mr. and Mrs, Geo. V. Dunlop, at Morrhead. Returning to lier home in Wyman -die was accompanied by Mr. E. B Gay lor,
Miss- Jean Baxter, leturned Missionary from Kenya, Africa, visited at the home of Mr. and Mrs. John H. Murray and spoke of her work at the services of St Andrew’s and Stark’s Corners on Sunday.
M rs.
Prov.
Hopeful Post Lodge, LO.B,A„ Starks Corners, Monday night of last week, While in the district Mis. Erskine wa- entertained at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Harry Hodgins.
Rev. L Emard, of Otter Lake, Pro. (Hand Chaplain L O, L.; Mrs A. Flood, Worthy Mistress of Peace Lodge, No. 886, of Campbell-Bay ; Mrs, Merritteld, W. M. of Fidelity Lodge, No. 824, Bat'd ley, with a good representation from both Lodges, attended the meeting at Hopeful Lodge, L.O B,A, at Starks Corners.
The Rev. K. C. Bolton and the following young people attended the eighth annual Conference ot the Montreal Diocesan Council of the Anglican Young People's Ass’n at Aylmer on Saturday
Misse0 Pat McDowell C ildwell, Isobel Sly, Gwenyth Shaw and Messrs. Lind-ay Judd, Lloyd Dagg, John Brough and John Howard.
con
Oil WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St.Catherine Street.West MONTREAL, QUE.
Mini Messrs. Glenn liodgin-
Ladies’ and Girls' Sweaters
Pontiac Ambulance Fund
Contributions to the Pontiac Ambulance Fund have passed the thousand dollar e hiark^ , . amount requited is Sl<w; this shows 1750 UO more required before Pontiac's war effort is of practical service, and it is noiv that War Equipment is required.
Since the fund was started on June 0th it has been added to by the proceeds ot' several municipal dances, and efforts of three agn-. ultural* societies at Fair tune ? Dan ford Lake L. Ü. L., donated $12: Beech Grove Womens lust, donated $10. Special canvas from private donors has been made. Seven persons donated $5.00 each and many #100 each. The aim has been to keep a list ot names ot $1.00 or more:
The committee desires to publish a list of donors and other infor mation regarding the Fund very soon, and with this in view we request all parties interested to
make their donations on or before
Nov. 7th to the Mayor, Municipal Secretary, or to the Bank ot Montreal, Shawville. This date is set because war conditions demand
immediate action,
A generous response by Nov. # should enable us to have all the funds in hand by Remembrance Day, Nov. 11th.
Pontiac has passed its allotments veJ each ot the several drives lor Government War Requirements to date. May all interested citizens and organizations ret pond to this appeal and assure the succès» of this impoitant county effort.
R. W. Hodgins, Secretary
Cardigans and Pullovers, etc.
Attractively patterned with coloured embroidery, shades of pago red, luster blue, rose, wine, dark green, biege, white, grey, brown, etc.
E. Krskine, of Montreal, Grand Mistress visited
BELAIR: 257
H K. NEILSON, IYI.D.
eciali
Eye Ear, Nose Throat
MEDICAL ARTS 3 WILDING
$1.95	$2.95	$3.50
I
roses
vied a white prayer book.
The bridesmaid wore a dusty rose wool dres* with square neck line, full shirt and bell sleeves, tier hat was a picture model of black felt with matching accès sortes
Rapture roses Mis
ONT.
OTTAWA. -
RHONE, 2-7961
:

BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
She wore a corsage of
HATS
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
Dahms, mother of the bride wore a soldier blue crepe dress, matching felt hat, and silver fox fur and a corsage of Tails»
!
ONTARIO
Hosiery Purses, Jewellery
Gloves,
Lingerie,
Costume
OTTAWA
I
9
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
man roses.	.	. .
Mrs. Dale, mother of the groom, e3|a onallvisualand muscular edefac
EK-Srtf î'SSSre I T. T. outlie, Kathleen M. Min.,
American Beauty Roses.	| Reg.Optometrist Reg.Optometr
Following the ceremony a recap____________—
, Dorothy
Gordon T. Paul
insurance
tioo was held at the home of the bride’s parents in Shawville.
Later the bridal couple left on a motor trip. For travelling the bride wove a black fitted boucle coat over her wedding costume. Out of town guests included Miss Marjorie Dahms, R. N. Buffalo, N. Y., Miss Maude Dahms and Miss Amy Dahms, of Montreal ; Mr. and, Mrs. E. C. Dahms, of Huntingdon, Dr and Mrs. J T. Tweddell, of Kingston Ont.: Miss Gwen Hodgins, Miss Phyllb Dahms and Mr. and Mrs. A Bretzlaff >f Ottawa and Miss Margaret Baade, of Imperial, Bask.
Mr. Norman Reid Bereaved
Mr. Noirnan Reid, of Ottawa, formerly of Zion Section, Claren don has received word of the death ot hia lather, Mr. Fred Reid in England.
Mr. Reid had been in hospital suffering from injmiesand shock sustained when hia home at Hull was demolished in the great air raid some months ago.
representing companies
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
on
<
<
THE W. A. HODCINS STORE
Quebec
Shawville
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
###PAGE###2###
largest peoples' army In his-
from 16
tiie
War Now Brings
“Messengerettes”
tory, involving all men
to 60
This doesn’t sound as though the Russians were finished. As a mat-tor of fact the Germans themselves
have doubts since an
FEEL POWER OF THE PRESS
Commentary on Current Events
THE WAR • WEEK
m
;
m
Battle Of The Road To Moscow One Of The Mightiest In History
mm
appear to authoritative source in Berlin recently acknowledged that the Reds might be able to set up now forces during the winter. That would two-front war for Hitler.
mm
s:

m


üi
the Russian campaign. Defeat of the armies of Joseph Stalin would free Hitler for a full military drive against Britain in the West. Seizure of Soviet resources would give the Reich the materials to beat the blockade and keep ahead Anglo-American armament On the other hand, a Nazi
:
“This Is a sombre hour, dark with fate. Russia faces the greatest gathering of savage power the world has ever known. Finland, Rumania, Hungary, Italy and Germany all over, banded together In murder, theft and arson, sneaking through the world, conquering and torturing one nation after another, until all mankind Is broken and bowed In a martyrdom unparalleled In history.
Now Russia’s armies are In dire peril, but the morale of their people Is unbroken. There le a strong determination that cannot be trampled down, an army of men united under one banner with ability to defend themselves and conquer their enemies/ We have before us the spectacle of splendid sacrifice, homes blasted, hearthstones torn up, farms devastated.
We will forego food from abroad If the ships are needed for Russia. Shadows we will endure with them and sunshine we will share with
them.
Stalin must be sustained.


m
mean a
It is important not to overlook
the Japanese. They are watching
intently.





s


IwKvj
wm
Gorman progress
be small doubt that
the

There can Hitler Is doing his utmost In showmanship and diplomacy and strong-arm pressure to bring the Nipponese Into conflict with Britain, America or Russia. Tokyo doesn't warm up to the Idea of war ith the U. S. A. or England but collapse of the Russian front might easily result in a Japanese attack on Siberia.
There are 828,000,000 undefeated citizens of the British Commonwealth, the United States and Russia who, with China’s 458,000,000, working to bring about the defeat of Hitlerism. Is it any wonder that Japan hesitates to east in her lot with Hitler against that formidable array of man power and the
of their mighty coun-
Brltlsh of the
effort. _	, . __
failure, might mark the war s turning point, toward ultimate German exhaustion and defeat.


m
?
»

IC .-X
&
:




>v&


Advances Recently Halted
When the German armies hurled
onward into Russia last June the
! aimed at Mos the traditional the Russian capital

&
«
m
hardest thrust was Smolensk
cow.
gateway to	... .
through which Napoleon’s soldiers
passed in 1812, fell in early Aug-_ Somewhere beyond that bomb-blasted, burned city—roughly 300
the German frontier
Ma

1
USt
are

%
miles from and etlll 200 miles from Moscow—
the blitz was blunted. Strong Ru»-
elan counter-attacks held, then rolled back the Panzer forward unit*.
Increased the
the north and south

mm
fr.l!



—
wÊm
*

i
1

x\<*;
resources
tries?
K

#0
Sowb with pet dog and |tuffed goose.
The Germans pressure on
flanks of the battleground. A sweep np the Baltic shore was directed at Leningrad, the Soviet’s second city, Its foremost Baltic port, a vital shipbuilding and factory center. The advance was halted last month by fierce resistance on the city’s outskirts, a resistance reported last week to he pushing back the Nazi “besiegers.”
Most Impressive of Nazi gains were those registered on the southern wing, In the Ukraine, the rich farming, mining and Industrial region publicly coveted by Hitler. Having taken Kiev, the Soviet’s third largest city, having overrun the land west of the Dnieper and penetrated to the Crimea and the threshold of the Donets basin, Nazi forces In the Ukraine appeared to be poised for a further move toward the strategic city of Khar-and the Caucasian oil fields. Action In this vital sector was overshadowed by the renewed push toward Moscow. .

<xx«y
«
MV
Photo—Canadian National Railways.
The Viking Spirit
The Soviet Union must be enabled to enter the spring campaign with adequate supplies of all munitions of war, over everything, tanks, anti-tank guns, aircraft and anti-aircraft guns.
These are the promises we made to Stalin In Moscow In your name. These are the pledges that we
shall carry out!”
So spoke Lord Beaverbrook In
the recent Anglo-
/"\ne thing to be said about the “Messengerettes” s er v I n g Canadian National Telegraphs in Canadian cities, is that
Otherwise
swim, ac
They tell the story in Norway about a boy who was looking at the famous Viking ship in the Outdoor Museum at Bygd near Oslo when some German officers came in to look around. They much impressed by the well-preserved old craft and emitted “Wunderbar!" and “Don-
many
they do not whistle they possess the speed and efficiency of the hoys they are replacing. The army and war services seriously depleted the delivery forces of Canadian National Telegraphs and girls, such ns the Vancouver lassie here pictured, have proven satisfactory for the day time distribution of cables, telegrams and social nies-
!n a
were
1
many a nerwetter!”
“So you like our Viking ship, do you?" queried the lad.
“Yes, it is magnificent"
“Well, we used to take Eng-
Spring with such
reporting on American aid-to-Russta mission In
Moscow.
In her address In Lethbridge the other evening, she called for all-
out aid to Russia.
In another part of her address
she defended slow-down strikes In the Maritime coal fields, and drew a picture of what she called slum conditions in the mining camps. Mis. Nielsen didn’t stop to tell
could have all-out aid
Thrust On Moscow
Last week Moscow was the goal of the heaviest assault of the 16-
weeks-old
What Adolf Hitler had proclaimed as “an operation of gigantic proportions" was hammering colossal blows at the capital’s defenses of men, machines and fortifications. In a campaign described as the “mightiest battle In history,” some
9.000.	000 men were locked In a sanguinary conflict along a Î,000-mile front in a drive on Moscow. On the approaches to the capital
1.000.	000 Germans were said to be pitted against a slightly less numerous army of defenders. Over an undulating terrain of forest and plain, muddied by rain and snow, through gutted towns and villages, swept the Inferno of mechanized
war.
sages
Birds are indirect descendant! of dinosaurs.
VOICE
land every boats."
Russo-German
OF THE
PRESS
27 of the Latest R.A.F. Photos FREE !
8EA HARVEST
think of our potenti-
kov
us how we
to Russia and slow-down strikes at the same time. Nor did she explain what would happen to slowdown strikers in Russia.
—Lethbridge Herald.
CANADIAN STARTED THIS
It has been announced that the
whole of the British sugar ration is now produced by British farmers, principally from sugar beet growing. And it is interesting to know that the man who introduced the sugar beet industry in Britain after the last war was a Canadian Kent county man, Captain James N. Mowbray.
—Chatham News.
fatigue producers
An American naval officer has developed a “death ray" which is aald to cause fatigue in persons who stand close to the machine. They lose their ability to do mathematical problems. Teachers are already becoming suspicious that some of their youthful charges meet have leaned against the gadget during the summer holidays.
—Brantford Expositor.
EFFECTS OF WINKING
A wink takes from one-quarter to one-half a second, according to a London scientist. Scientific knowledge, however, is not required to know that its conse-
qnences can last a lifetime.
—Kitchener Record. THOUGHTS FOR THANKSGIVING
Blessed Is a land where a back-AfO makes a nervous man cuss
Buffalo News.
When we alltlee for feeding the Empire, we should not forget our fisheries. Reports that some 55,000 men In Canada are still engaged In this Industry stress the Importance, which has grown even greater since the war began, of this source of

2?

A People’s War
That battle along the highway to Moscow Is one of the most am-Ming conflicts of history. The Ger-eoldlers—youths who have trained to the fine edge of
sacrificing them-

BjgNgVP?
food
Here la a field In which we excel. On both pur ocean coasts are great supplies of fish, healthful and nourishing, and to be had for the effort of taking them from the water. This Is no mean effort, of course, and our fishermen are among our hardiest and bravest Wtlmens. They have always faced the dangers of rough waters and winds and today they cheerfully so out to meet still another menses, which is a very real one, be-nwoee enemy air and naval craf hove demonstrated that they are enly too eager to prey on the fish-
tag boats.
Our men, however, carry on, and
they continue to contribute Importantly to onr great food produc—Windsor Dally Star.
man
been

m
.1
athletes—are
with that courage which albas characterized the race, perfection of the Invading
war-machine Is amazing.
, amazing is the fact
be stopped. And the
of Its present holding in
FREE nCfURES of the "Flying Torpedo "—"Sky Rocket"— "Lightning"* — "Defiant" —
"Catalina"7—"Spitfie"—"Hur-
and 20 other fine R.A.F.
•Vf
selves
£

ways
The
| ricane I planes.
Stakes of War
4


Even more
"sec-
The stakes were high. In a ret" order to his troops just before the launched on Oct. 8, the Fuehrer had called for “a last mighty blow that shall crush this opponent before Winter sets In." In these words observers saw a desperate gamble by the German High Command for a decisive victory before
weather and deep
____i bogged down operations on
the Russian front The main eie menu of such a victory, It seemed clear, would be:	(1) destruction
of the Russian force before Moscow which Berlin communiques described as the “last" organized unit of the Red Army; and (2) cap-of the capital lUelf; such a
©
¦ m
...

that It can
Mail one Bee Hive Syrup label for each] picture desired or two Durham Corn I Starch labels. Specify—picture or pictures requested, your name, address, and mail to St. Lawrence Starch Co., Limited, Port Credit, Ont.

manner
an epic, for we find civilians now
Bide by side with their In defense of country and
attack was
Moscow
fighting soldiers
the soil they love.
The Germans assert that the
is virtually over—that
crushed. It

S3
Bee Hive Syrup
Russian war the Reds already are
be, Indeed, that the Musco-
i weakened that
the verge of collapse.
may
vîtes have been so
¦ubfreezlng
snows
they are on Only time will demonstrate that.
It is not believed, however, that the Reds are beaten. They are pected to suffer further reverses Moscow may fall, and the whole Russian line may be driven back behind the mighty defenses of the Ural Mountain chain.
But the only thing that might knock them clear out of the war, is a collapse of morale, it would be difficult to find any signs of weakening morale in a Red fighting front in which civilians— humble folk who know nothing of
the part of war l~
far from the little farms
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
RBI
Hoc.
BRITAIN’S FACTORIES KEEP
GOING
Therw came In the mail from London this week three little announcements of Britain's export trade, each relatively unlmpotant, bet they tell strikingly of how England is carrying on Its role ** world manufacturer at the same time that It Is serving as Civilization’s beleaguered fortress.
A shipment of 2,700 airplane models to Singapore for enthusiasts who make model-flying their hobby. During the first six months of 1941 the value pianos shipped from Britain overseas was half as much again as It was In the same period of 1940—1355,000 as against 1225,000. Up to August in this
year Britain has exported $3,669,330 worth of locomotives, tenders
and freight cars to Turkey.
It isn't bufclness as usual—but
It la the usual amount of business under the most unuual of difficulties and hardships.
—Ottawa Evening Journal.
ex
> *
I O.S'

Z

WILL-VUAA. Wâ.
g#



«
a##
o\_J

t
*
even

success, It was hoped, would undermine Russian morale and secure Nazi control over the hub of Soviet governmental machinery.
Behind the Immediate German objectives lay the larger ones of
%




1



»


%
tL

%
%
instead of pray.

A A
Ex/! S;
%
and never have


X
MEN AVLÆS COLLEGE
9


Sk	.
%
been
where they were born—are facing
onslaughts which are for the professional soldier to face

hard even
o
m
8



Russia Draws On Reserve
have resulted In the Radio College large New York corporation with four


Q9
Demands for radio men
different^groupsV^graduates, and the college Is now lining up
The Russians report they are drawing on their great reserve In
to ease the position on
cTC
W: -|
man-power the central front. These troops
cannot be expected to have the weight of the fully trained vet-already In the line, but they will ease the Red situation con-
Its fifth assignment.
This meant that to
several graduating classes of the Radio College of Canada, long before examination time, lucrative MarIne position, have been offered thoee desiring to go to aea. The men chosen for the New York Corporation are placed
roll Immediately at $80 per month, and
paid $160 per month,
flown to New York
'
erans
£
<3 o

slderably.
There are millions more where
the Soviet re
er
GOOD NEIGHBORS It Is In the rural districts that appreciates the value of good neighbors. The family “next door may live a mile away but the rural dweller knows that they stand ready to lend a helping hand in any emergency. They will be there to comfort one in bereavement, to lend kindly aid in the sick-room, to lend a willing hand at the sewing bee or the harvest. One may not have many friends or neigh bora In the country, but they are
tried and true, ments of farm life are those spent In the company ot the folks from the next farm or the next concc* A farmer once explained his
“I have always
on the company's pay
they sign their articles they funds. The graduates selected are
are
they come from, as cently called up the military class of 1922—nineteen year olds—for military service. At the same time there was inaugurated the universal compulsory military train-
which contemplates
as soon as
one
American
.1X0 many opportun,tie. throughout Canada for which starting
'O-//
onsrMdrvd N#ws'Wa«ereSi
“This is the last time I'll make a date over a party line! ! •! *
with government services rate Is $110 per month.
Ing program
By GENE BYRNES
Raw!
f\ knew it' they 1
JEST CAN'T GET t ALONG WITHOUT ME.' THE BIG STUFFS. NOW TO BE THE DA/t BIG HERO/y
-----% '
REG’LAR FELLERS-Raw! Raw!
K OKAY, PINHEAD7 YOU HAVE )
A WAY WITH KIDS.7 JEST KEEP A EYE ON BUMP'S BABY BROTHER SO#S BUMP CAN PLAY IN THIS GAME'
The happiest mo-
J is THAT YOU, ^
PINHEAD? RUSH RIGHT OVER HERE PRONTO ' THE BIG GAME IS ABOUT TO START/
' hMMM IF THE ¦ REG'LAR FELLERS ^ DON'T WANT ME ON THEIR TEAM I WONT EVEN WATCH 'EM PLAY.' THEY CAN'T GIVE ME i THE RUN-AROUND' i
\----


r;
slon
philosophy of life: lived In the country. 1 have a good contented wife and good neighbors. My neighbors are my best friends. 1 know that when In need they will help me.
a
\
\
2%
41
•f+
farm, a
y

• #
>>

tri

r
êhx

I am
They have stood by me in the past,
stood by them. I still will still have
- Stirling News-Argus.
A MEMBER'S THINKING
Mrs. Dorlse Nielsen, Unity mem ber of Parliament lor North Bat-tleford. apparently does her thinking In air-tight compartments.
r
I /

V

and I have have neighbors;
#e
plenty

SI
si
*. -
1

d

â'I rlfliU rwned
r
'/
«
y y
###PAGE###3###
/ N
WmA.
O U B
"You're speaking about the girl
I love.”	,	.	.
It was strange how miraculously things changed after that, starting the next morning. She and Sam kept little Harriet with them for the next few days, but somehow Edna got to thinking of r 11 the other children in Sher-whose mothers had to be from them during the day.
TABLE TALKS
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Quality You’ll Enjoy
tom BAKINS COSTS
SWEET POTATO HELPS
For the homemaker who is aim- I I	lug	to put a pleasing variety	into	I
i	her	menus the sweet potato	Is	a	I
spend Id help. Besides serving them I In the plain, but excellent, baked and boiled styles, you can do other I very Interesting things with them. I These recipes will point the way to some of them.	I
CANDIED SWEET POTATOES 6	medium sized potatoes	I
%	cup melted shortening	I
%	teaspoon salt	I
1	cup brown sugar	I
%	cup water	I
Wash and cook potatoes until I tender; drain, peel, cut in halves I lengthwise and arrange in a shal- I low greased pan. Cover with the I melted fat and a syrup made by cooking brown sugar and water to- I gether for five minutes. Sprinkle I with salt and bake in a slow oven I 350 degrees F. for one hour, bast- I ing frequently. Potatoes should be I transparent when done.	I
GLAZED SWEET POTATOES 6 medium sized potatoes	I
Vs cup sugar	I
1	tablespoon butter Wash and pare potatoes; parboil 10 minutes. Drain and cut In halves lengthwise and place in but- I tered baking dish. Make a syrup of I sugar and water; boil three min- I utes and add butter. Pour one-half I syrup over potatoes and bake until 1 soft—about 15 minutes, basting twice with the remaining syrup. SOUTHERN SWEET POTATOES
6 medium sized potatoes
2	tablespoons butter	I
% cup thinly sliced lemon
1 Vfe cups cold water % teaspoon salt 1% cups brown sugar Slice parboiled potatoes thickly and cover each layer with sugar, lots of butter and lemon slices. Add water and bake in moderate oven (350 degrees) until tender—about one hour; then brown beneath flame.
For Variations, use maple syrup instead of sugar and water:—use half and half parboiled sweet potatoes and raw sour sliced apples; replace % cup water with orange Juice and add 4 tablespoons of grated orange rind; replace half brown sugar by molasses.
SWEET POTATO BOULETTES 6 medium sized potatoes
2	teaspoons salt % teaspoon pepper
4 tablespoons melted butter
3	slices cooked bacon Parsley
Cook potatoes until tender; rice and mash well. Add salt, pepper and 3 tablespoons melted shortening. When cool enough to handle, form into round balls 2 inches in diameter. Sprinkle with chopped bacon; brush with 1 tablespoon melted butter and brown in a moderate oven for 12 minutes. Garnish with parsley.

!
1^	B -	«X*

A

man
away _
This was the train of thought that led her to the idea of opening a day nursery, ing week she and Sam and Dr. Breslar found just the right house for it.
member and within three months nineteen more members had been
added to the roster.
A Property Deed
Then one day, it was Edna’s and Sam’s wedding anniversary and he had brought her home a huge box of gladiolas. she took them tenderly out of the box she saw a long, legal looking
5

The follow-
1
mm
ê
ffiBite
P Mrofj?

you PAY LESS you USELESS
BETTER PESU17S
Harriet was its charter
r
stranger appeared in the door-
r
BLOSSOMS IN THE DUST
way.
“There’s been an accident Mr. Gladney,” the man was saying. “Oh . . . I'm sorry lady. I didn’t mean to frighten anyone but . .”
It just didn’t make any sense after that. The blood drained from Edna's face as they brought in the inert little form of Sammy who had been struck down by a runaway horse. Edna spoke to him, begged him to look at her but he didn’t hear her. He couldn’t hear her for death had already taken him . . .
• Ask your grocer for Calumet. TVy it and see how double-action permits you to use less and still get better results.
Notice, too, how the Calumet tin opens at a slight twist of the wrist—yet never spills, even when full. Under the lid is a handy device to level each spoonful as you use it.
CALUMET IS PRICED SURPRISINGLY LOW
But as
By BEATRICE FABER
I
envelope.
He grinned happily, deed to the property here. It now belongs to your babies and their . babies and their babies ad infin-
“That's a
SYNOPSIS
It is the period of the late Nineties in Green Bay, Wisconsin and Edna Kahley and her beloved adopted sister are announcing their double en*
But in comes Sam
L9I
HL
A C YIN
do u m
Charlotte
itum.”
She ran and threw her arms
“Oh sweetheart. If
around him. you only knew how I've longed
that this place would always be
here.”
him anxiously.
terribly darling with the
gagement.
Gladney, the cashier at the bank •who that afternoon has told Edna that he is the man she will marry. He sweeps her off her feet, goes to Texas to look after his flour mill and in the Spring comes back
But just before
lu addition to their many other wartime activities on the home front the Boy Scouts of Britain during the past summer held organized wild fruit picking expeditions, at the request of the Government. Canadian boys may be surprised to know there were sufficient kinds and quantities of wild fruit in Britain to make such expeditions worth while. The list given includes blackberries, bilberries, rowanberries, crab apples and sloes. All were used for the making of jam.
Bake in greased pan, 8x8x2 Inches, in moderate oven (326°F.) 1 hour. Cover with Orange Butter Frosting.
ORANGE BUTTER FROSTING
Grated rind of 1 orange Grated rind of 1 lemon 14 cup orange juice 2 teaspoons lemon juice
1	egg yolk
V4 teaspoon salt
2	tablespoons butter
3	cups sifted confectioner’s
A Society Hostess
Then she looked up at
“Have I bored
Something seemed to die within Edna that night, the something that was sweet and soft and tender and which one might call her heart.
lived with renewed vigor, tensely, strainedly, entertaining in a way that was the talk of Sherman
you nursery?”
“Bored me?” A world of love
shone in his eyes, the little pests . . . every last one of them, They’ve given me back my Edna.” '
It was a bright shiny afternoon days later and Edna was driving her red sports roadster to the mill. There was a newsboy shouting out headlines but she much too preoccupied with a pleasant and grand idea which had come to her notice. No w she was 'on her way to tell Sam about it.
The outer office was strangely quiet as she walked in. burst into Sam’s office where he closeted with his bookkeeper.
“Sam,” she cried excitedly, “you know the vacant lot next to the nursery? I’ve just heard they’re willing to sell for a song. We could buy it, tear down the fence and enlarge the play yard, getting awfully crowded
Outwardly though, she
to marry her. the wedding, the mother of Charlottes fiance, discovers that she
When Charlotte
“Why I love
is illegitimate, learns the truth she kills herself. Recovering from the shock, Edna marries Sam and they go to Texas
Then their happiness
City.
She gained a colorful reputation as a brilliant, brittle society hostess and Sam . . wondered what would become of her. They were giving a garden party one night and Sam winced a little as a typical conversation took place.
To one of her guests Edna called, in affected accents, “What sweet gown dear. Paris, isn’t
some
. ah, Sam
sugar
Add orange and lemon rind to orange juice and allow to stand 10
Strain. Combine lemon
to live.
reaches its peak when a son is
born to them, have told Sam that in spite of Edna’s desire for a large family,
have another
*
But the doctors
One of Britain’s blitz heroes decorated by His Majesty the King . with the British Empire Medal was Scoutmaster Douglas Vosper of Plymouth, for his part in the gallant work done by his Boy Scout Trailer Pump Crew during a sustained Nazi raid on the port. The Boy Scout Bronze Cross also was awarded Scoutmaster Vosper, and posthumously to Troop Leader Donald Cummins. The Silver Cross was awarded Scouts Sidney Cummins and Bernard Doidge of the pump crew.
Scoutmaster Vosper, failing to pass the medical test for the Foroes, joined the Auxiliary Fire Service with some of his Scouts, and directed his Scout Crew on the night in question until one was killed and two so badly injured that they collapsed from loss of blood.
The Scoutmaster took his boys to a first aid post, and returned to the scene and carried on until his hose was torn to shreds by bomb splinters. He then joined other firemen. He worked throughout the night and well into the next day, only desisting when his heart failed, and he collapsed.
minutes.
juice, egg yolk, salt, butler, and confectioner's sugar. Add orange juice until of right consistency to spread. Beat until smooth and spread on cake. Makes enough frosting to cover tops and sides of two 9-inch layers.
was
very
• he muet never
child.

a
CHAPTER THREE
She
it?”
“Oh yes. Faquin.”
Edna nodded and trilled, “When one’s used to French clothes doesn’t everything else deary?” She turned then
It was Christmas day and little Sammy, a chubby, rosy cheeked child of three was holding court amidst all his Christmas presents. Now, entertaining the little king of the household, Sam stood on his head and sang, to the intense enjoyment of his son.
But finally, it was time for to take the child out.
was
SLATED FOR SUCCESS
seem
as Zeke summoned her to the library. Dr. Breslar was waiting to see her.
Something struck at her heart. Dr. Breslar? It was he who had brought little Sammy into the world.
13ut as she walked into the library she drew in a sharp
Dr. Breslar had a tiny
The child’s
3100
HZC$ 6-1*
We’re you know.”
There was a long pause before he answered. Then he said, “It’s a great idea honey but I’m afraid it will have to go over for awhile.”
It was then she noticed how and tired he looked.
nurse
“Goodbye, mummy, goodbye daddy,” Sammy called from the front of the house.
Edna and Sam blew him kisses. “Goodbye darling. Goodbye partner.”
The were having guests for the evening and so they rushed upstairs to dress, went to her dressing table, Sam suddenly grabbed her and kissed her.
3rT
o

breath.
little girl in tow. face was wan and pale but she was valiantly trying to smile.
Edna was quite silent as Breslar explained that the mother had had to be sent to the hospital tonight and there
place to put the little
“Why
worn
darling,” she exclaimed, “is something wrong?”
But there was no need for him
Her eyes had fallen on a newspaper lying on his desk. The headlines read:
But as Edna
child’s
to answer.
was no
girl. Pei haps Mrs. Gladney could keep her here ...”
“Well Doctor,” Edna burst out with angry sarcasm, “you and Sam have chosen a rather bad moment for your conspiracy, happen to be entertaining Bacon Emden. Sam, give Dr. Breslar a cheque to board this child out.”
Breslar said “the mother can’t
She looked at him with shining “Oh Sam, bother our And the reception. And
“BOTTOM DROPS OUT OF WHEAT MARKET. PANIC GRIPS WALL STREET.” She said, quite slowly.
You—you’ve lost the mill!” (Continued Next Week)
eyes, friends.
the whole nonsensical business.”
“Why Mrs. Gladney.” He held her off. leader.”

I
Ml»» Cliuinhem weliomei pereo letter» from Intereeted reader». She I» pleaeed to receive suggestion» on tuple» for her column, and I» even ready to llwten to your “pet peeves.” Bequest» for recipe» or • pcelnl menu» are In order. Atldrea» your letter» to “Ml»» Sadie B. Chamber», 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto.” Send «tumped, *eIf-addressed envelope If you wish a reply.
1
“Sam.
a
Australia Has
Enough Bauxite
“And you a society Then his face went “Are you happy Edna?”
she said
I
serious.
“Terribly happy,” from the bottom of her heart. “There isn’t one single little thing I’d change.”
shadow crossed her face, cept to have Charlotte.” smiled in sad reminiscence. “How Charlotte and Sammy would have loved each other. She was so so full of fun.”
Then, from outside, Zeke’s voice called. “Mr. Gladney, Mr. Gladney.” He flung himself into the room.
Gladney.
Edna went cold all over as a

Since local deposits have been found adequate for all Its needs, Australia has ceased importing bauxite.
Labor Training
Shows Increase
. “But even so,” vehemently, keep the child. She has to work.”
Edna said passionately, “If I had a child I’d keep it in spite
Just the merest
“Ex-
A Hallowe’en I Party At Home
Canada, dipping deep into its reserves of labor to man increasingly busy factories, also has extended labor-training programs to an extent unknown in the past, Labor Department officials said.
War emergency training program reports that 33,003 persons took training from April 1 to Aug. 3. The 93 schools and training centres reported 10,063 were actually in training on Aug. 1.
Large numbers of those in the lower age groups of the classes are young men who have been rejected for enlistment. Selection officers have instructions to avoid admitting to classes men of military age except those reject-
She
of—”
“In spite of what?” Breslar asked. “Parties, balls, soirees, dressmakers and all that whoop-de-doodle? This child’s mother is a
Sam hopelessly. “I never thought it would work. Why should she adopt a baby? She’s too busy adopting barons.”

1
By: KATHARINE BAKER
gay
Hallowe'en is one festival which the youngsters claim for themselves. The Idea of ghosts, go-blins, black cats and witches wandering about doesn't seem to appeal to or even frighten adults but the kids love to scare themselves and each other on this make-believe night. Even if the older children don't take the horrors of Hallowe'en seriously, they do like to dress up in weird costumes and celebrate the occasion with a party.
Unless parents arrange some sort of a “do " at home for the children of all ages, they are likely to wander around the streets getting into various brands of mischief. So having a home party where the youngsters can be supervised, is well worth the extra time and work of arranging a party and preparing refreshments. Games for a Hallowe’en party are so standardized that they are no problem. Bobbing for apples Is a “must" in the games line as is also this delicious chocolate ca e in the refreshment line. It is topped with an orange frosting to harmonize with the Hallowe'en color scheme.
CHOCOLATE FUDGE CAKE
2 cups sifted cake flour
2 teaspoons double-acting baking powder
% teaspoon salt
% cup butter or other shortening
1	cup sugar
2	squares unsweetened chocolate, melted
1 egg, well beaten
1 teaspoon vanilla \ cup milk
Sift flour ouce, me sure, add baking powder and salt, aud sift together three times. Cream butter thoroughly, add sugar gradually, j and cream together until light and fluffy. Add egg and beat well; then add chocolate and blend. Add flour, : alternately with milk, a small am ount at a time. Beat after each addition uutil smooth. Add vanilla.
x:
mill hand.” He looked at

“You stay here Mrs. Don’t you come out.”
Schoolgirl's Blouse and
Jumper
Frustration
white
Edna whipped about, faced.
it?” She went up close to Sam. “Tell me, do I ever bore you with my woes—or anyone else? Do I ever mention it?”
He said gently, “It might be better dearest if you did.”
Now her voice rose.
From the time I first realized we were never to have children, the day hasn’t gone by or the night, that I haven’t felt humiliated, useless, that deep down inside of me I’m not bitterly frustrated.”
“Do you think I don’t know that Edna?”
She was at the breaking point as she all but screamed, “Then why do you send another woman’s child here to hurt me like this?”
He took a deep breath. “You’re hurting yourself darling.”
It was his infinite solicitude that did it.
All the pent up rage and bitterness rose within her and without volition, her hand went out and she slapped him across the face.
ft#
“This is criticism, isn’t
: I •/¦/¦
By Louise Lennox
Your little girl’s clothes are just as important as your own are. She wants to make a good impression on the other children as well as with her teacher. Here’s the ideal classroom pattern. The trim jumper has a wide flared skirt to give plenty of room for action, and the comfortable straps are cut wide so they won’t slip off the shoulders. The tailored blouse is neat and wearable, too. Choose a sturdy, warm plaid for the jumper, and it will be as smart as it is practical.
Style No. 3100 is designed for sizes 6, 8, 10, 12 and 14 years. Size 8 requires 1% yards of 64-inch fabric for jumper; 1% yards of 39-inch fabric for blouse.
Send twenty cents (20c), (coin is preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 Adelaide St. West, Toronto. Write plainly your name, address and style number. Be sure to state size you wish.


I
s

m
7
i
m
ed.
1
!
W * Æ

“All right.


Help clear choked k air passages, m soothe inflamed 1 nostrils, breathe ¦freely again S. . . by using F NTentholatum. a? Jars or tubes 30c
iM


Q
X

V
s
m
“Too much coffee and tea gave Mrs. Drown the best case of cq/-feine-nerves I ever saw. Poor sleep for weeks — her temper flared like a skyrocket. I was proud of the way she made life miserable for everybody till some meddler got her to switch to Postum. Naturally that was the end of the end of me.”
T Pf. (.'offre Nerves
If you are troubled with sleeplessness, have headaches, and upset nerves, you may be one of the many people who should never drink coffee or tea. Don’t be a victim of caffeine-nerves I Postum contains no caffeine — is delicious and costs less per cup. Made instantly in the cup with no waste. Order Postum today.
1
¦
s
I
llll
Britain’s Fighting Planes amt Warships
29 NOW AVAILABLE

,<6"	WIN ^WAR
v
For each plctuie desutU. send a complete “Crown Brand" label, with your name name i_
ten on the back. Address Dept. J.12
The Canada
Starch
and add less and the
of tho picture you want writ-

Company Ltd.. 4U Wellington St. IS . Toronto
b

STAMPS
Then she cried out, just “Sam!”
He had her in his arms. “It’s all right honey.”
Quietly, Breslar left and Sam drew her to the couch as she sobbed her heart out. the girl,” he said, “Cry away sweetheart.
Through her sobs she moaned. “I’m no good Sam. Somebody else would be better for you. I’m no good at all.”
But at that he only held her “Watch youiself,” he said.
â
TO
once.
scouting . .
famous



¦
w

s

MoflfiVOUft
To the end of September some 1500 British sailors had spent "shore leave” at the rest camp maintained for them by the Scouts of Halifax.
snup
CTÎ
“That’s
CROWN BRAND
SYRUP
Cry all you like.”

P3I
$
f O m p A N t
a • < n
A S A O â
• H I
Like the Boy Scout organizations of other countries overrun by the invading Nazis, the Scouts of Nor way have uow beeu banned.
POSTUM
ISSUE 43—’41
close.
H
###PAGE###4###

QfgjsjSjsjajaisiajsjoinaiajsjsiôysisJSflsiajŒraxaiQuaJSfffifsiaiaJsraJôwsiSJSJsraJSJîSisiB1^
It’s the wise j Thing to do ..
BIG 50
nj5/5J5J5iBISJ5I5j
i
THE EQUITY
the Canadian Red Cross overseas organization in London.	.
According to advice from Britain Hit need tor more blankets and <|Uilts i>
But blankets must be
DALE'S TINSHOP
1
Sliawville, October 30 1941
111' "t 111 'Jit	„
woolen ami new or as “ good as new.
Those unable to provide blankets or quilts may aid the appeal by contribtit £ 2 for the purchase of a single blanket. Donations should be sent to provincial or local headquarters.
Contributors to the appeal are asked to contact the local branches or send the blankets or quilts direct to the Canadian Bed Cross Society, National Warehouse, 453 St. Peter Street, Montreal, Que.
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
n
s
Salvage Wcrk Increases from Coast to Coast
4)
2
A
r

Use
Ë
r J
mg
§
a
all across the
I
Salvage committees Dominion are increasing their activity As a result of the spurt, the National Salvage Office is asking for more plete returns from each committee. The names of dealers, kinds of salvage collected, quantities, prices obtained, the uses of the money raised—all this is vital information for the co-ordination
of the ^rive.	,	,
“To get the best national results trom
our campaign against waste, officials
say, “we need full information from all
of our 2,500 local committees. Their
promptness will enable us to apprise
the various raw material controllers of
the amounts of secondary materials
being turned back to industry, and in
that way help to direct their work.
*
lil You want lots of eggs
I	Obviously, ,1,	>« d. I- ", I'Ul' IN'TO THE FEED lb,
1 ! |	materials -eeded to enable the hen to produce every egg she can. It
1 I	wouldn't take the wisdom of an owl to reach this conclus.cn - and
1 II that's just what 8HV1V0AIN Pig 50 Laying Concentrate dee*
minerals ant vitamins lacking in
A CREAT BAKER AND A^GRAND HEATER-
is now and there will
!
com

s

COAlfr WOOD RANGE
I
Hog Outlook 1941-42
With regard to the hog outlook, the Current Review of Agricultural Condi tions in Canada recently issued, states that on the basis of the June 1st live stock survey, the 1941 spring pig crop was about the same size as that of 1940, so that hog marketings in the fall ot 1941 may be about as large as a year ago. Due to more favourable prices, the spring pig crop may be marketed a little later and at heavier weights than in 1941. According to the June 1st survey, sows expected to farrow in the fall, will show an increase of around 7 per cent, but, to the tapid rise in hog prices after the survey date, the actual percentage increase in breedings may be greater than the figure indicated, owing to subsequent ch mges in farmers’ plans. Inspected slaughterings of hogs for the first half of the 1941-42 marketing year (October-Mareh) may be about the same the 3.6 million slaughtered in that period 1940 41. but some considerable increase will be shown in the slaughterings from April to September, 1942
It provides the EX 1RA proteins
, and that hens must have for miximum production
Its wonderful working qualities and attractive appearance have made the Findlay Oval a favourite in thousands of Canadian homes. Available in three sizes. Large oven. Large, fast-heating reservoir. See it today 1
ü
gram
a
aren't worth $1.00 a
No f irmer can afford to disregard cost — eggs dozen yet, by any means, !
0
100 pounds plus 700 pounds of grain makes
good laying mash as you
Big 50 is economical
800 pounds of balanced laying mash—just buy anywhere, if the grains are good !
Figure it out ! ! Even though the “per bug” cost of Big 50 mw high (naturally so, for it ia very highly concentrated). Laying Mtoh made with it is lower in cost than others. The beat of feed at the
1
INI
aa
%
No Dominion Co-operative Plan to Move Feed Grain
While the Hon. Mr. Gaidiner's offer to pay one third of the freight on feed grain from the west to Eastern Canada will help the farmers of Canada and particularly, those of the five eastern provinces will be greatly dissapointed. I am convinced they will iegard the federal proposal as a half-measure quite inadequate to meet the needs of the
They had reason to believe
the Eastern provincial governments were favourably disposed to Entering a cooperative undertaking along with the federal government and thus have a joint arrangement which would take of all or the greater part of the
freight charges, omits any mention of co-operation with
provincial governments.
The federal Minister held a feed conference at Ottawa several weeks ago and the Federation of Agriculture representatives were appreciative of the opportunity afforded them to discuss the feed situation along with federal officials and Ministers of Agriculture and their deputies from the provinces. However, the particular proposal which has been put into effect by Ottawa was not considered. or even suggested at the conference.— H. H. Hannam, President, Canadian Federation of Agriculture.
i
lowest possible cost
For Service	|
Tam worth Hog. Service fee $1.00
M. B DRUMMOND, R 3 Shaw ville. [
both
ECONOMY PLUS EFFICIENCY - We need tbe
both with '‘BIG 50
BrigKam Young’s First
Marriage Record Found
That the celebrated and numer-marriages of famed Brigham
Young, successor to Joseph Smith, ^	9? r-'t
founder of Mormonism, had a hum- Paper Makes Greatest
%%	Stride. i= Packaging
the office of Probate Judge Charles Up to now paper has made its B. Lenhart, which contain Young's greatest strides in the packaging of first marriage license.	foods. Frozen foods come wrapped
It is now the property of an or aRd boxed in paper almost exclu-ganization known as the Reorgan | sively. Splint berry and vegetable •zed Church of Jesus Christ of Lat- j boxes are being displaced by paper.
A can manufacturer is now experimenting with a paper container fur an cooked fruit and vegetables. Another can company is trying out a beer
in wartime. Yon get the
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING 00. HEC’O
«
r
ous
!
as
situation
Help win tbe war
SAVE SCRAP
Canadian Eggs for United Kingdon
care
The announcement
In the egg trade of Canada, the ex port movement of storage eggs to Great Britain is now playing a prominent part in present activities, says the Egg and Poultry Market Report ot the Marketing Service, Dominion Department of Agriculture. Two hundred and thirty thousand cases of eggs are on contract for shipment to Britain this hall, and Canada has been asked to furnish all possible additional storage eggs^ In consequence of this request, the Special Products Board has ordered that all eggs of exportable grades in storage to be delivered for export. Exceptions to this order are made for eggs held in quantities of less than twenty five and for eggs stored in the name of public institutions. In addition to these storage shipments. Canada has agreed to supply Britain with a further 770,000 cases of fresh eggs before the end of May, 1942.
ter Day Saints.
The license reads:
“Personally appeared Brigi Young and mode application for 8 marriage license for himself anc | can of reinforced molded paper. Mary Ann Angel of the township o! | A very recent development is a ’.Cirt'and and made solemn oath that ; paper bag lined with a transparent ie. Brigham Young, is of age of 21 1 rubber derivative to replace vacti-years, and the said Mary Ann Angel j um-pack cans for coffee, and before of the age of 13 years; that they are being sealed the air is displaced both single, and not nearer of kir ! with some such inert gas as carbon ;han first cousins, that he knows ol dioxide. Coffee in these bags is no legal impediment against their said to be marketable after it has being joined in marriage. Sworn been on the shelf from 60 to 70 days, to and subscribed that 10th day ot , Not only does the paper bag cost February. 1334. before me. Ralph less, but it also requires less space Cowles, deputy clerk.”	and weighs one-third of an ounce
The signature is obviously not compared to 6& ounces for a can “Brigham” and it is not clear wheth er it is Bricham or Bircham
Hodgins Garage
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
I
are

Kt
cases
Bonus Inadequate for Small Earner Says Ottawa Minister
44 The cost of living bonus may be a step in the right direction but it inadequate for the small-salaried tndiv idu&l,” declared Rev. J. Richmond Craig, minister of St. James^ United church in a recent sermon especially addressed to the young people of his congregation.
14 There seems to be, judging from reports, no attempt by government officials to economize in war expenditures and here in Ottawa, there is much rumor of waste in high places,” he contin-
Clearance Sale of

?
E
World’s Only Circus School
In Moscow is to be found the world’s only circus school opened in 1927 and from it have graduated hundreds of clever circus artists. From the southern Ukraine to northern Siberia come crowds of young people of both sexes every fall to try the entrance examination of the circus school. Swarthy Tartars, blond Ukrainians, powerful Rus-pretty Cossack girls, almost every type is represented. That the entrance examination is difficult is proved by the fact that last fall out of 3,000 aspirants only 62 were accepted.
The course of training takes four years, and the cleverest teachers are available. Like all education in the Soviet Union, even this special training is given free. Not only that, but the pupils receive a subsistence allowance of from 120 to 200 rubles a month, in addition to free board and lodging. Costumes and all necessary properties are also supplied free by the state.
E
seems
K
FARM FENCING
K
It was
Hormones Successful in

E
High Proportion of Cases
The average individual feels, as Ponce de Leon doubtless felt, considerable reluctance to enter thaï period in life when athletics, eating, and romance lack the zest they
It is natural and norma! But the scientist
NOTICE


To make room for building
To the Dog Owners ot the Municipality
of Clarendon :


K
once had to feel that way must look beyond personal reactions, to the social consequences oi the great increase in the army of the old—the more so since science is largely responsible for the survival of so many people into old age.
been
Regular prices on all fencing reduced 5 cents per rod
while stock lasts.
Please be advised that under the terms ot the Agricultural Abises Act and Amendments, the owner, possessor or custodian of a dog is forbidden to let it wander in the territory of any Municipality without a license from the latter in the form of a special identity tag attached to such dog, and no licenses shall be granted for a vicious or danger-dog which might strangle farm
sians,
:
ued
“Such rumors are baseless but they very disconcerting and shake public confidence, giving rise to questioning regarding the efficiency of some types of administration.
44 We are all willing to pay for victory and sacrifice to make ends meet, but we should like to hear and see that those who ask us to do these things exercise the same prudent concern for the country’s welfare.”
The minister commended small wage for the faithful struggle they 44 When so much money
K
are
;
S
Actual beginnings have made, through applications of cer tain types of hormones or gland ex Since high level of accom
ous
tracts
plishment, in both physical and mental work, is usually found in men and women in early sexual maturity, physicians turned first to the sex hormones.
The treatment has been success ful in a high proportion of cases. Middle-aged men and women have regained, at least temporarily, pow-of decision and execution that had begun to slip away. In some nstances, they even astonished themselves (and their neighbors) by becoming parents well after the “normal” age for that sort of thing!
animals.
That no dog is allowed to wander between the First of May and the Fifteenth of December, and that any dog found wandering in violation of this provision may be destroyed by any
person.	. .
That it is the duty of the Municipality to lock up and destroy any dogs wandering contrary to the above pro-
earners are making, is being prodigally used, it seems very strange that so many should get so little for faithful service and that the heavy routine work of war should be carried out by people who have greatest difficulty in making ends meet,” he said.
Mr. Cra:g condemned the credit system as being the ruination of the modern home.
He also charged that there is a grow ing suspicion in the minds of the people that the government was not exercising all the care it might in the transportation of liquor when there is a shortage of shipping facilities. We can only send five pounds weight overseas bui we are given to understand that cargoes of booze are being sent where they are not needed.
350 Rods in Stock
Weather-Stripped Homes
“Drafts and uneven temperature in the house are the direct causes of many ailments. A house that is not weatherstripped, causes drafts and renders the home hard to heat,
necessitating refueling many times f	EQEEEtf
during each ?4 hours. The average window of door frame has enough draft inducting ‘crack’ to equal air entry space the size of an average
Salt and Butter New	If you have never made an in-
Born Infants in Europe ; vestigation, just try blowing the
is driven down to the floor, then
J. L. HUDGINS
ers
visions.
That the Municipality has the right to recover against the owner of a dog the amount of the damages which it has caused.
That the Municipality has the right to impose a special tax on all dog sufficient to cover the damage caused by dogs in the Municipality. %
All owners of dogs are therefore requested to govern them selves accordingly
Phone 64-J.
/!//i/'/

owners
' MEMORIALS I
CEMETERY
J. A. DEAN,
Secretary-Treasurer Municipality of Clarendon
We have received a shipment of granite and marble memorials before prices increased and as result we can offer these to the public at the old prices,
Asia there is a
¦BMP
with warm walef.
In Asia Minor there la a tribe of people living in the mountains who	Mystery Gift Checks Stop
do even more than this. They salt The days of an^lic blessing (Of their new-born offspring and leave persons of Ava, Mo., this Ozark the salt on for at least 24 hours, mountain community appear to be
at an end. Not since May, 1940, has one of the puzzling “angel of Ava” checks been received. Ava enjoyed national publicity during the first few months of the year when opening the day’s mail was something like searching for gold in a nugget sprinkled creek bed. The “ang^l” passed out more than $1,000
Canadian Red Cross Quebec Division
RED CROSS IN URGENT NEED OF BLANKETS
Public Notice
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Clarendon,
Public Notice is hereby given that the Voters’ List of the above named Municipality, is now made and completed and a copy is now, and will remain in my office, for the inspection of all parties interested.
Given at Sbawville this 20th dsy of
October, 1941.
Thousands of blanke’s, new or “good as new, ” are urgently needed for bombed out victims in Britain, and all the people of tbe Province are asked to “spare a blanket ” for the Quebec Provincial Division of the Canadian Red Cross Society, which today has launch-el it’s second big appeal to provide these necessities for raid sufferers.
In the last campaign the Red Cross collected throughout Canada 136,137 blankets and 101,234 quilts. This sup- n	, ~
ply has been distributed to bombed | Pr0Vlnce of Qucbec victims, military hospitals, and for the Municipality of Clarendon benefit of merchant seamen
Many expressions of gratitude have teen received by the Canadian Red CWe from bombed sufferers in Britain and many have called the contributions of blankets and quilts a 44 God send.”
In such centres as Birmingham Cov an try, Plymouth and London, thousands of Canadian blankets and qnilts were made available to the homeless within » few hours of tbe raids due to the efficient system of distribution planned by
Phone, 278
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
The modern Greeks likewise sprinkle salt on their infants, but not so heavily.	,
This practice of salting babies is an ancient custom. It has its origin in superstition, of course. The mothers think that salting insures their children health and strength, and that it will keep evil spirits away. _
Even in some of the outlying sec- by approximated reckoning to folks lions of Germany salt is still used living in this community by way of on the child at birth.	j cashier’s checks. The mayor got
In some Asiatic countries moth- the last one in May. All efforts to ers lay their babies where a stream probe behind the checks and discov-of water, deflected by a large leaf, | er the “angel’s” Identity have failed, passes over their heads. This is to But it does look as though that neb-make them tough, and also to put I clous individual may now live in
them to sleep. The Tartar babe is Kansas City. All except one of the Previously acknowledged covered with rancid butter, after checks was purchased in Kansas the body-greasing habit of the Eski Zity.
I
J. A. DEAN,
Secretary-Treasurer, Municipality of Clarendon
FOR SALE
Cemetery Donations
NOTICE
One dappled grey horse, about 1700 lbs., 6 years old, sound. One year old Helgain gelding.
Dr. D. J. Campbell, treasurer of the Village Cemetery Improvement Fund, acknowledges with thinks the following donations :—
A general meeting ot the shareholder#» and patrons of the Clarendon Dairy Co., will be held in the factory Hall, Stark's Corners, Thursday, Oct. 30th at
8.00 I», m.
Apply to
Hit 02
JOS. DUMAS Maryland
Phone f>—10
R Hodgins, Calgary Dr McGuire..........
2 00
3 00
L A. SMART, I resident
mns
###PAGE###5###
?Srai252525-5c52525252525252525252525252525252S252S25,25252S2525Z25


^rrrmTiriririrTrrirXr riritir %3 25
wMPMTTPTTTPTrErrrFri-r mrm r?

en
OJ
l pREsrxrs
BE PREPARED
R. P. Eades October $aving$
1
y
s
U
N
0
!




E |
hlbi ti °]
Buy here and SAVE on these specially g g
priced items	ÈlS
For the Cold Winter Weather With Warm, Comfortable Underwear
Stanfield’s

iff*
A
Z
24

f >
y sssafff mm :sza
U
S'
. AND DOUBLE *7 *UWtW6 CLOSE?
r
concealed riu et
n
m
$1.50 per garment
2.00
¦2.50
Green Label, Gold Label, Red Label, Blue Label, Green Combs. Gold Combs, Red Combs. Blue Combs. 3800 Combs.
e

=0
F4 &
colorful,
4^*1
!

# I
light, soft,
i
%
Reversible Comforters
66 x 72 inches, $2.75
Beautiful Comforters, light health-weight, in rose gold, blue, satin pannelled, 66 x 72, $3.75
Georgeous Bedspreads, heavy !	.
“Moonbean” satin, blue, green and pink and gold
LOOK* TIME*. And condiment
shakers!
Bi
• *
È!
2.95

40 CAST TO , KEEP CLEAN!
2H
<(*
suit
2.75

ru
K
AND HEAPS Of HOT. WATEA! SSAU-ON) : RE MONA DCf RESCKr VOU WITH TlP-t

3.75
i

x\
iN
:
g
rich ! lustrous !
4.50
DOWN FAUCET, t WILL NOT UlSTl | J
*	4
m
TWO ORATES - WOOD OR ’COAL- WITH END LINING IN AU MODELS
4.95
• t
E3
9

c
495
a

88 x 100 $4.25


1

HEAVY STML WELDED AND •RACED -
NO MORE aiRHT HANOI! ALL . handles touch cootiare-^LITE AMO CHIOAAIUMI CHROMIUM OVEN THERMOMETER Tool
s
Eades’ Floor Coverings
Beautiful new designs in sparkling
color combinations Famous Congoleum Gold Seal by the yard
2	yards wide, $1.30 per running yard
3	yards wide, $2.10 per running yard
Feltol by the yard
Colors will remain bright despite incessant
2	yards wide, $1.00 per running yard
3	yards wide, $1.75 per running yard
Rexoleum by the yard Attractive modern designs in lustrous colors 2 yards wide, 60 cents per running yard
SPECIAL
SPECIAL
SPECIAL
mm mm
Acorn and Cook Rite are built irtto the new .. . is brought to you by the Renfrew Vanity. . with the added thrill of an up- in your neighborhood.
g
Leather Top Cum Rubbers
12» top $5.50 15 » top $5.95
Low Cum Rubbers
Work Boots $2.98
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY, LIMITED
anvFa&y, ont.
Others to
$4.50
$195
REGINA, SAS F
ST. JOHNS, P C-
SUSSEX, N B
also MANUFACTURERS OF ACORN, COOK-RITE AND ROYAL RANGES; # # CREAM SEPARATORS, WASHING MACHINES, TRUCK SCALES
(9
wear
sm
$4.95
Chore Coats, lined ................
Boys’ Fleece Combinations “Penmans” Heavy Work Socks, per pair
LEO R. KEON
98c
29 to 60c
DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE
McKee - Quebec
and
4ia/>erda$h cry
and bot/s
Fades’ Furniture Dept.	|
Waterfall style to glorify your Bedroom |j
Beautifully grained walnut veneers Call and see the amazing values
Convertible Davenport Couches
Choice of two coverings
Co mfortable All Steel Couches
Drop-side couch and mattress Sliding couch and mattress
Simmons Beds and Mattresses
A large assortment to choose from
men
Buy War Certificate
Regularly

A.FRASER <Sv. SOM
«
N,R. Horner's old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE.
!
E
Life-Giving Qualities
Of Chlorophyll Vague

I
B
ïxïÿïztxtÿïzizfziziz
Chlorophyll is the name given to the green coloring matter of most
of the plant world.
Wilson’s Garage
The Hodgins Lumber Co.s
Its
species
chemical composition has known to the scientific world for a number of decades; but its more subtle, life-giving qualities, the part it plays in building plant tissues, are poorly understood. Today we are just a little closer to solving the mystery of chlorophyll than a decade ago. In Germany, in Philadelphia and at Antioch college laboratories have been established with the
of solving the
been
Thj Sana Reliable Service
S
\
Dodge aii De Soto Sales and Service
WANTED
Attention Poultry Raisers !
s
Ford Service
6
6
Dressed Poultry Day about Saturday, Dec.
At highest market prices
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
All kinds of
express purpose magic of this green substance, the most common thing in the land ir thç summer.
A few important discoveries about chlorophyll already have been made in the laboratories. Foremost is that its molecule bears a striking resemblance to hemoglobin, the pigment in animal blood. It brings the animal and the plant world a little closer together, but there is
Hemoglobin consists of carbon, oxygen, and nitrogen built around an atom of iron. The resulting color is red. place the iron atom with that of magnesium and we get the green chlorophyll. , Hence, for the first time, it has been found that in some strange and mysterious fashion the two are related.
J. P. Wilson
SAW LOGS
' warehouse about this date.
CANADA PACKERS Ltd have arranged for our facilities to buy DRESSED POULTRY
Licensed graders will be in attendance to weigh in, grade, pack and pay cash on the spot thereby saving you all the usual trouble ofjpacking, shipping and waiting returns. You will be under no obligation whatever tn accept their weight, grade or price unless thoroughly satisfied.
Watch tor further announcements as dressing regulations, etc., as i,
The
Main Street Shawville Quebec
Phone 40
on or
Highest Market Prices Paid
Phone 27
one difference.
Vitamin K Might Answer Cancer Cure, Says Doctor
to definite date, prices,
THE HODCINS LUMBER COMPANY
But re-
soon as available.
No one knows the cause of cancer or how to prevent it. But cancer s thousands of hard-working researchers are making progress. In Philadelphia doctors and biochemists were much impressed by a chain of astute guesses put together byHarvard's Louis Frederick Fieser, of the men who last year synthesized the b'.coi-cîotting, hemorrhage-stopping vitamin K.
I It is known C at certain hydro-I carbon compounds from coal tar, notably the cholanthrenes, cause cancers to grow in animals. These hydrocarbons arc called “carcino-1 gens” (“cancer-makers”). Methyl-| cholanthrene is the most potent car-__ cinogen known. Six years ago two I British chemists found that methyl-
fe.r O.M Benefit. Soil;	Ü-ïM
Destroys Plant Disease could it be possible, asked Dr.
HH
mm
" - -ma mm##
sîErêES I SKBaSs--
organisms that cause knots on roots
Quebec
Shawville,
domestic brand shortening
,^,yi/i/i/i/i/izi/iziyiZ|/i/i/i/'Zi/i/'zi/''/V
Wzizty izizziziziztzi/*.
USE
Mat Chests Health Sign
Flat chests are a sign of physical superiority rather than weakness, according to the research experiments conducted by Dr. S. A. Weisman of the University of Minnesota. , Dr. Weisman’s findings show a distinct correlation between depth of chest and certain lung ailments.
From compulsion of the thoracic indexes—ratio X)f depth of chest to width—of more than 22.000 children and adults, Dr. Weisman discovered that the average adult chest indexed at .670, while a so-called weak chest averages about .770, approximately
10 per cent deeper.
“The normal, healthy chest,” Dr.
“is flat and
one
MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE

The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
I I
wa%v%\v\w»'%%v\%vwvv
25c
Soup Peas, good boilers, 5 lbs...........
White Beans, four pounds................
Prunes, new crop, two pounds............
Falcon Baking Powder, one pound.........
Libby’s Tomato Juice, 105-oz tin........
20-oz............
10 uz............
Kellogg’s All Bran, with measure cup, 2
Libby’s or Clark’s Pork and Beans, 2 for
Black Tea Special, per pound............
P, & G.or Pearl Soap, 5 bars.............
Gillette Lye, 2 tins.....................
G. M. Floor Wax, l pound tin.............
G, M. Liquid Wax, pint tin ..............
25c
Weisman declared, wide.”
Measurements of athletes, many of whom held national collegiate track championships, showed that 71 cent had thoracic indexes of less
than .700.
25c
21c
per
43c
10c
«
«<
i<
Real Bomb-Proof Shelters
Although costly, it is possible to build bomb-proof shelters which can give full protection against any known type of aerial bomb, engineers at the University of California announced, shatter and bomb-proof has been their main objective and Harmer Davis, associate professor of civil engineering, said it was found that when concrete is reinforced—by sprinkling nails in the mixture, adding pumice, puffed clay, or other methods—it becomes shatter proof. The energy of a projectile would be spent in crushing the material in such a wall locaHy instead of causing shatter cracks over large areas, he explained. -............
+ # »
6c
it
K
29c
FOR VICTORY !
25c
Making concrete
65c
28c
23c
the CORNER STORE
ing
29c
organisms staying power 1ve or s x years
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts.
SHAWVILLE
42c
QUE.
###PAGE###6###
TOYS OUT OF DEBRIS
What Science Is Doing
"It DOES taste good in a pipe I"
HANDY SEAL-TIGHT POUCH-IW
ÿi-LB. "LOK-TOP" TIN - 6S*
êfto p«cIr• </ In Potktt Tint .
am





Sr


1

i

mt

mwi
H

DROUGHT RESISTING WHEAT
The Institute of Plant Pysiology of the Soviet Academy of Sciences treats wheat to adapt It for growth under unfavorable conditions. The seeds of Spring wheat, for example, are soaked in about one-third their weight of water. After the water has been absorbed they are raked over, piled up and left to dry. This operation is performed three times. For some varieties of wheat one treatment is enough.
It Is reported that when thus treated seeds which normally grow well only in humid regions will do well in dry regions. The yields run from 10 to 100 per cent higher than for untreated wheat In one
experiment the difference was 32 per cent and In another 110.




I

|iklt
Hr*

*

r
«


l

si

GROWN IN SUNNY, SOUTHERN ONTARIO



one of the nowcr resins, called am acrylic, and a near relative of synthetic rubber. This resin 'simply does not click.


found in human intestines, the compound has a tonic effect on the irritated sympathetic nervous system and works on all forms of h# fever.
Treatment consists of eight to twelve injections—the first five injections are given daily, the rest every other day provement Is usually seen after two or three injections.
Dr. Elsbach has observed the reactions of 76 patients of all ages. Results: 63 cases were cured, 21 improved; 1 remained the same.


1



111»
m
&

Sailor Has Big
Score To Settle
!
1

0
°» <<
i
m

A marked im

i
Jacob Van Mazyk, a Netherlander from Hoboken, NJf., by way of Rotterdam, who survived the I. C. White torpedoing, cams ashore at Rio do Janeiro fighting mad. He was torpedoed six times in the last war and this was the third time in the present one; he lost his aged mother, four sisters and two brothers in the German bombardment of Rotterdam. Van Mazyk said he would sign up on another ship carrying suppléa for Britain.
1



FAREWELL HAY FEVER
The rectnt experiments of Dr. Ernest J. Elsbach of Manhattan promise hope to United States' 6,000,000 hay fever victims. Standard hay fever treatment is complicated, long-drawn-out, expensive, and usually not much good Blsbachs treatment shortcuts all this.

i

?
THEY CLICK NO MORE The clicking noise made by false teeth when the wearer is eating has been soundproofed. Dr. Irving R. Hardy, Columbia University Dental School, said the sound-proofing is done with teeth made of

%»
Dr
The toys in this picture have all been made by members of the London Fire Brigade. Since the hitzkreig on London came to a temporary stop members of the London Fire Brigade have found time lying heavy on their hands. To while away the hours of waiting, members of the Eastern District of the London Fire Service decided to make toys and dolls out of bomb debris to stock the nursery centres of the American Red Cross. Their completed work has.juet been placed on exhibition in a South London school.	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
Using a specially prepared salt solution of organic substances
•MM
GET YOUR RADIO TRAINING
FROM THE SCHOOL WITH ALL THIS TO OFFER
“Good heavens, was It serious Î" gasped the sergeant “No, no, Just bent the wing a bit and scratched the paintwork."
Modern
Etiquette
How Cnn I?
BY ANNE ASHLEY
“My word, this tastes good," said the old lady, drinking * glass of beer for the flret time. “It's Just like the medicine my husband has been taking for the last 40 years."

IP YOU select the right school, with a proven record, then for only a few dollars a month you can train to be a success in Wireless. You do not need to leave your present job td begin training, and you do not need to know anything about wireless or electricity* We can train you, in only g few short months.
Hundreds of successful graduate* mil over Canada are living, ample proof that R.C.C. courses leech you the things you need to know. Our Placement Department receives almost daily request* from employers for gradue t in big-pay jobs almost the day they gradual has more positions weiring then k has men to fill (hem!
m
THERE IS a pressing need for trained wireless men. War activity has opened up hue dreds of new civilian and army uses for wireless. Men who are anxious to get ahead should not overlook this big chance. There may never again be such opportunities for good pay, life'long security, end interesting work.

Q. How can 1 make an effective
filling for open cracks In floors?
A. Thoroughly soak ome newspapers In paste made of one pound of flour, three quarts of water, end one tablespoonfu* of alum, thoroughly boiled and mixed. Make the final mixture about as thkk as putty, and It will harden like papier mache.
Q. How can I distinguish steel from Iron?
A. Take a very clean file and file over the flame of an alcohol lamp. Ë the filed piece Is made of steel, little burning and crackling sparks will be seen. If the piece consiste of Iron, the sparks will not oraclu .
Q. How can I clean ta.nlshed rhinestone pins and buckles?
A. Allow the rhinestone pins and buckles to set In gasoline for about fifteen minutes and then polish with & flannel cloth.
Q. How can I treat a smashed Anger to prevent an ugly discoloration of the nail 7
A. Hold the hand up for at least an hour so that the bio^ drains out of the finger. This will prevent the blood from congealing at *hs smashed place and causing discoloration of the nail.
Q. How can I acquire a rich, green color In my house ferns.
A. Add a teaspoon of household ammonia to one quart of water and pour over the ferns once or twice a month.
\
«
BY ROBERTA LEE
K

1.	Is It all right to ask an usher to close a window In church If one Is annoyed by a draught?
t Is It the woman's place to tell the head waiter where she would like to sit when having dinner with a man in a hotel?
2.	When two women are driving, who enters the automobile first, the hostess or her guest?
4 If one is a member of a club and a fellow member Is entertaining friends in one of the public rooms, should one join them?
6. How should one present a business letter of Introduction?
6. Should the maid of honor straighten the bride’s train when she turns to leave the church?
Answers
1. It Is more considerate to change your seat. There may be other people seated around you who are enjoying the fresh air. 2. No; leave It to the man to tell the waiter. 3. The guest. 4. No; If possible, go to another room, or else try to make yourself inconspicuous in order not to seem to be Intruding. 5. The person usually goes to the office of the addressee, presents the letter and also his business card, then waits to see if he can be received. 6. Yes.
Mose Melonwater went for a rids In an aeroplane. When he cams down he said to the pilot, "'l'hank you, boss, fo’ dem two rides.”
“Two rides,” said the aviator. “You’ve only had one!”
“No sah,” exclaimed the negro, “Ah had two—mah first and mah last.”
A Group of Students in Lecture Room A.
a*

$
Is now piecing students
d actually
:JB1
From A Soldier To The President
WHICH OF THESE TWO COURSES
APPEALS TO YOU 7

Certified Wireless Operator trains you for well-paid positions as Radio Officer in the Merchant Marine, with communies* s services on land, with airports, or for higher rank and pay in the R.C.A.F., Army or Navy. Course leads to Govern* ment exam and certificate. Interesting peacetime profession, to*
Applied Radio Technician trains you thoroughly in all phases of Modern Wireless, Television. Facsimile, F M. Electrie Eye, Broadcasting, etc. Many more trained men now needed for new war industries.

I
The Following Letter Wee Written To Preeldent Roosevelt by e Soldier At An Army Air Corps Base

resting Radio Receivers in Laboratory No. 1
'
ms
“Dear Mr. Pres, of the U.S. Commander In Chief of Army A Navy:
“I hope this Isn’t out of the way of Army Regulations. I Just thought I’d write to you telling how Arm* life Is out here. Some ideas concerning it.
“If the Army told us boys In eaoh barracks to have a separate container in each Barracks to put their empty Razor Blades & Tooth Paste tubes and other steel and lead objects It would help in National Defence. Put Retread tires on any trucks and cars that are being used around camp. As n maneuvres they must be pretty good.

I
»
W
!
!
!
Either Courte may be taken by a proven practical system of home-study, or in a resident class at our modern Toronto college. Courses are vary moderately priced and may be paid for on easy terms.
Men. Women—Investigate hew much mort R.C.C. oan offer you. Wonderful opportunity for men above or below dgfft (Special arrangements made for any student drafted dur» ing course.) Fill in the Coupon below, without obligation. and mail it TODAY.

r


*
age
Spitfire Pilot Has Merry Tag Game
Code Room No. 1—Considered to bé one of the finest equipped code rooms on the continent._________
HAVE -YOU HEARD?
*

%
RADIO COLLEGE OF CANADA
8
i
im

Fought Five German Planes, Downed Two, Then Flopped In Channel
*
I
54 Bloor St. West Toronto
i
i m
WLl

Radio College of Canada,
54 Blooe St. Writ, Toronto, Ontario, j
send me fall information, 4 FREE end without obligation, on how 4 qualify for e well-paid position. 4
rv
¦ b
Pie
A Spitfire pilot who played “tag" with five German planes over Belgium, Holland and France, is still laughing about the combat, although he had to spend 20 minutes In the English Channel. Two Mess-erschmitts were destroyed and the others just gave up.
The chase began near Dunkirk, when the Germans pounced on the low-flying Spitfire. As the leading German began to close in, the Spitfire pilot spotted a mass of high-tension wires and ducked under them. The nearest Nazi, however, hit the cabes, and exploded.
After crossing the Belgian frontier into Holland the pilot doubled back on his course, recrossed Belgium and tlew into France. Now and then bullets and cannon shells hit his craft, but it retained its speed.
Finally, their ammunition exhausted, three Messerschmitts broke off the chase. With the odds now even, the Spitfire pilot turned and "polished off" the remaining German just before his gas ran out. His plane flopped into the Channel where he was picked up by a rescue boat.
The new maid had not been Initiated into the mysteries of the telephone.
“Well, Elsie,said her mistress
one morning, “has anyone rung UP whilst I’ve been out?"
Elsie laughed with true Scottish gusto, and replied readily.
“Oh, well, there was a sill) gentleman who said ’It’s a long distance from London,’ but I just told hlm I knew that, and rang off!"
“The system we have out here for mess can’t be beat In any other Army Camp. It'- a system that everybody likes. The food is better than I ate at home.
“I'm learning something in school that would cost me at least 500 dollars If I was a civilian. 1 can’t see why some squawk about it. From what I hear from the Veterans of the last war this is heaven. If you try hard enough and be a good soldier in time a rating comes your way. On top the $10 raise everybody gets practically you’ll be making as much as home. $40 no food to pay for or clothing or Board. Heck you can’t beat it. When 1 get released from the Army 1 expect to have saved at least $600 or more dollars.
“If they should strike any more in the airplane factories they should put the Army men who had technical training on the jobs and that will show the civilian that after all we all must sacrifice something.
I
i
!
N
t
Tow Over 12 Year# a Leading School In Canada
i
Addrese
$
*
4
'.V,
4
4
f
Age
— 4
Co; ; ..ru"cations Lab., equipped with the latest type Transmitters, Receivers, and Direction-Finding Units»
4.
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
• • a
tee
Young Alex was watching a house painter at work. Presently he asked.
“How many coats of paint do you give a door?"
“Two, my boy," was the re
AUKNTS WANTED
FOH SALI
Oi l Eli TO INVENTORS
REBUILT 1U-2U McCORMlCK-DEER-ing Tractor. Same guarantee aa new. International Harvester Dealer, J. H. MeCaw, Barrie, Ont.
AEROMAT 1C METER FOR ALTO-mobile, truck, tractor, bus and marine
Stops carbon! 25 Airmail
Agents, write for territory, Dept 9. Box 163, Vancouver, Canada
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co~ Registered, Patent Attorneys. 271 Bank Street. Ottawa, Canada.
engines» More power
more mileage for quick information
ply
MINK
Then If you give it three said the lad brightly,
U LILTING
coats
“It would be art overcoat?"
YES, AllNK RAISING IS LL'CRA-tive. But don’t forget, your success depends on the foundation stock you start with. Invest a stamp to know about "BIO-LAB" mink breeders: the producers of beautiful large, dark, silky furs. Maska Minkcry. St. Hyacinthe. Que.
MAH Y C HIC KS
QUILT I NU BATCHES, GOOD QUAI-r-Ity prints and plain broadcloth. Four pounds for one dollar postpaid. Textile Jobbers, 616 Queen W. 'Toronto.
retorted the It would be
“No, my lad, painter grimly, a waste coat."
YOU CAN'T AFFORD TO MISS THE good egg and broiler markets Just ahead. We've laying pullets, chicks, started chicks, immediate delivery. Be sure to get the Bray Fall Service Bulletin. Bray Hatchery, 130 John St. N , Hamilton, Ont.
Two Germans mot in Paris. Said
Carl to Fritz: “Have you a good job here?"
“Yes, 1 have a very good job,
I sit jn the top
RUE! MATEO TAINS
“I hope this doesn’t put me In wrong with the Army officials. If it does just tear this letter and say nothing more.
“Sincerely Thank You “ONE OF YOUR BUYS."
In making public the letter, the War Department explained that it was already retreading Army tires to save rubber.
WANTED
EVERY SUFFERER of Rheumatic Bains or Neuritis to try Dixon's Remedy. Munro'e Drug Store. 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.
MEDICAL
II LSI NESSES SOLD
BRUIT JUICES: THE PRINCIPAL ingredients in Dixon's Remedy for Rheumatic Pains Sold only Munro'y Drug Store 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00
ALL TYPES OF BUSINESSES SOLD. City, Rural. Large Small! Everything strictly confidential. Twenty years experience. Globe Exchange, 2 College Street, Toronto (Opposite Eatons).
replied Fritz of the Eiffel Tower all day and watch for the British to wave the white flag."
“And Is It good pay?" asked
Neuritis
SITTING UP IN BED
TIM IIKR
relieves gas pressure, but you won't get much sleep that way I If gas pains, due to occasional constipation, cause restless nights, get ADLERIKA 6 carminatives and 3 laxatives are just right for gas and lazy bowels. Get ADLERIKA today.
AT YOUR DRUG STORE
REPRESENTATIVES (Either Sex) able to cell a health specialty (profitable). Write:
Coopelleniedlee
Yonge Street, Toronto
TIMBER WANTED
STANDING ROCK ELM FOR BALL and Winter requirements. P.O. Box 101, Station F., Toronto.
CARS, NEW AND USED
Carl.
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS LTD., Toronto's oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers; three locations, 632 Ml. Pleasant Road, 204U Yonge 1650 Danforth Avenue. Our I s 'J «Nu n make u* many friends.
“Well, not much," answered Fritz, '“but It’s for life."
; its
REMOVER
St
“Thank you for the presents, Auntie."
“Oh, they're nothing to thank me for, Bobble."
“That's what I thought, but mother told me to thank you *H the same.”
Another Hood
Play Safe! Send Your Films.To
Imperial
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR, MULES AND warts permanently and painlessly removed by electrolysis, 18 years' experience. Anne Graham Logan. 140 Carlton Street, Suite Ti Toronto, Phone RA. 2868 Branch es in Hamilton, London, SL Cath arlnes.
FOIl SALE
There will be another H.M.8. Hood in commission by the end of this year.
116 ACRES, HIGHWAY 86; GOOD 52-80
other outbuildings east of Montrose.
For better results and faster eer vice. 6 or 8 exposure films 25c; re prints 8 for 25c; both with free en largement.
You GIRLS WHO SUFFER
barn, writer, miles
Uberlg. West Montrose
good house, good
two Fred
wo
Photographic Xmas Cards
I KG A i
made from your own negatives i# 2 attractive styles
FILMS DEVELOPED
An R.A.S.C. recruit had been out on an army lorry for his first day's driving, and when he returned he had to report a slight accident.
gg
folder typi with mounted picture 12 for $1.X6| flat type with embossed margin 12 for 89c. No orders for less that
J. N. LINDSAY. LAW OFFICE, CAPitol Theatre Building. St. Thomas, Ontario Special Department for farmers collections
If you suffer monthly cramps, backache, distress of "Irregularities," nervousness—due to functional monthly disturbances—try Lydia E. Plnkham's Vegetable Compound Tablets (with added Iron). Made •specially for women. They also help build up red blood. Made In Canada.
AND PRINTED 6 OR 8 EXPOSURES
•lx
25c
Imperial Photo Service
f. Toronto.
2 FREE ENLARGEMENTS
Station
FREE ENLARGEMENT With Every Roll
“Sorry, marge, and all that/' he announced brightly ever a fellow."
WITH EACH ROLL OF FILM DE eloped or 111 reprints all for 25c, Photographic Laboratories, P O Don 51.1. Sherbrooke. Que.
/
%
/
but I ran
AERO FILM FINISHERS
ISSUE 43— 41
HO* 121
TORONTO
###PAGE###7###
\
Canada Sets Up Curb on Strikes
RADIO REPORTER
WHAT, AGAIN?
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
t
DIALING WITH DAVE:
!
I

Melody Ranch” every Sunday eventing at 7.30 E.D.S.T. (WKBW, 1520 kce.—WJR, 760 kcs.)
Strikes Called By Minorities Are Declared Illegal
This Is the maestro who entertains the continent through the combined Columbia and C.B.C. networks every Saturday night at 9.00 E.DiS.T.—It's Guy Lombardo, director of the Royal Canadians, the Lombardo trio, Kenny Gardiner
m
>
--- | [-----------
i
Canada has erected new barriers against dislocation of war Industries through unnecessary strikes. By the new Order in-Councll announced recently, strikes called by minorities are declared Illegal Previous regulations have forbidden workers to lay down tools until boards of conciliation have Investigated their claims. 1 e new regulations carry the prohibition further.
After the findings of the board of conciliation In any dispute have been placed in the hands of the Government and the contending parties, a strike still nay not be teVw-ti until three conditions are fulfilled. First, the employees must give notice to the Minister of Labor r that they contemplate a strike. Second, a general vote must be taken of the employe a concern 1 under the supervision of the Department of Labor and subject to regulations Imposed by the Minis-Third, a majority of the employees concerned must vote for the strike.
The Departmen
that when a strike is discussed any who wishes may advance his opinion. There have been cases, the Minister of Labor Norman Me-Larty states, where as few as 60 have arranged the strike pol-
*
Very often we are too busy to keep In touch with the news as II happens; often we miss certain newscasts we normally listen to! Dr. E. T. Salmon of McMaster University analyzes and summarize» the day's news at a very convenient daily listening time from CKOC in Hamilton! He Is heard at 7.15 pm. E.D.S.T. Monday through Friday, and on Sunday at 6.00 o’clock!
i
CIVIC RESPONSIBILITY REGARDING SEVERA" * ALCOHOL —Deut. 6:32, 39; 11:26-28; 28:1-6; Hab. 2:12.
GOLDEN TEXT
f
Isa.
I

!
1


8&
Righteousness •xelteth a nation; But sin Is a reproach to any pepole.—Prov.
14:34.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
The book of Deuteronomy written somewhere between 1400 and 1500 B.C. The passage which appears In our lesson from Isaiah may have been composed about 725 B.C. The prophecy of Habakkuk was written, probably, a century later, 626 B.C.
The book of Deuternoomy undoubtedly written In the wilderness of Sinai. The book of Isaiah was, for the most part, written In or near Jerusalem. We do aot know where the book of Habakkuk was written, though It Is % message to Israel, the Northern Kingdom.
s

m


i
7



i


v




s
i
r
Tim
1
i
»,
i


$
•X.

THIS ’N’ THAT:
Fun for young and old at th# Good Deed Club’s Hallowe'en
Saturday morning, the
\
!•

:
h

' ¦


Party
25th at 9.45 am. from CROC!
Laughs — music Bddie Cantor, Dinah Shore and cast In NBC’s weekly "TIME TO SMILE” program E.DS.T.

i
*
Plac

*
drama

*v3
!
? -%

-11
e
!
10.08 pjn.
ÿ*

*
#

' %
Record of the week — Guy Lombardo's modern version of the old favorite; By the Light of the Silvery
J. 0. Lambert” to now heard at 7 p.m. on Friday from CROC, Instead of 6.30 as was previously announced.
ter.
Three Blessings
SI. "Ye shall observe to do therefore as Jehovah your God hath oommanded you: ye shall not turn aside to the right hand or to the left. S3 Ye shall walk In all the way which Jehovah your God hath jommanded you, that ye may live, Mid that It may be well with you, Mid that ye may prolong your lays In the land which ye shall »ossess.”
og to the left from the Word of |od would be to do less than bod's Word commands; whereas taming to the right from the Word
*	God would be to adopt a system
*	It#» more after the . attern of tome humanly conceived Idea of io lines a
*# want to be careful of Is that we are walking In the way that Bod has appointed. If God has appointed a way In which He wants to to walk, then there Is an In-tleatlon of God' love and Interest b our Mves. Three things are promised here: abundance of life, llessodness of heart, length of bys. To disobey the laws of God Beans the very opposite of these lire# blessings—the impoverish-Bent of life, the restlessness and lisillusionment of the soul and brevity of life.
26. "Behold, I set before you this |ay a blessing and a curse: fhe blessing, If ye shall hearken into the commandments of Jeho-rah your God, which I command
28. and the curse, ye shall not hearken unto the loaunandments of Jehovah your god, but turn aside out of the way which I commarul you this lay, to go after other gods, which F» have not known.” Again and again In our lives we have the sppartunlty of choosing obedience •r disobedience. The very fact that we have such a choice set before ms implies, first that we have a »*oral nature which is capable of liscernlng the true from the false, the good from the evil. To choose to obey the law that God has commanded us Is Inevitably to bring God s blessing upon our lives. To •boose to disobey God’s law la with equal Inevitability to bring a euree upon life.
Lombardo. Lorn bar-
and Carmen
do’s music la heard In Ontario from CFRB, Toronto, CBO, Ottawa, and CROC In Hamilton—Saturdays at nine p.m, E.D.8T.
Ü
Moon. The "Memoirs of Dr.
ibor Intends
Just as Mussolini’s propagandists were claiming serious damage to the Ark Royal in a Mediterranean battle, this new picture, taken from a destroyer and showing the famous ship riding the waves oi Mare Nostrum, arrived in America. The British aircraft carrier Is
the war’s most sunk ship.
one
*
#
Listeners In Southern Ontario— particularly those of English par en tage—have been faithful for nearly two years to a Sunday on CHOC feature program, entitled “Songs Our Soldiers Sing." The •how blende together the great martial airs of the years — the oomedy and musical stars of the old country, and the melodies of the moment that are "hits’’ with our boys at home and across the water! "Songs Our Soldiers Sing" Is heard Sunday at 5.30 B.D.S.T. on CROC!
War Savings
men
Icy for a whole plant’s employees
of 3,000 to 4,000.
No measures were taken to see If the decision to strike really represented the opinion of a majority of the men affected.
New strike legislation provides â penalty of $500, or not more than 12 months Imprisonment, or both, for anyone striking or Inciting to strike in contravention of the tew
Reach Billion
War Savings Drive Will Begin Soon
denounced for the use they make of the wealth acquired by violence. n hey used the riches gained by the murder of conquered nations In enlarging and beautifying their own city.
Inward rottenness and decay in what seemed strong and majestic; It would not stand, but fell. Such Is all empire and greatness, raised on the neglect of God’s law, by unlawful conquests, and by the toil and sweat and hard service of the Its aggrandizement and seeming strength is Its fall.
are
It would seem that turn-
Sir Kingsley Wood, Chancellor of the Exchequer, has announced that contributions to Britain's war savings campaign reached £1,000,000,000 ($4,450,000,000) in a little less than two
"war weapons”
Tuned to a theme a nation-wide campaign to obtain increased War Savings
subscriptions has been launched in three western cities and -within the next month will spread the whole of Canada, offi-
have
So there was
an
years.
This represents about £20 for
and child ta
All life Is a walk. What
regulations.
every man, woman the United Kingdom, Sir Kingsley told a luncheon held to celebrate the achievement.
"Your task now,” he said, "to to aim for the second billion— and not only reach it but reach it in shorter time than it took to reach the first."
• #
over
cials of the National War Savings committee said recently.
Up to the end of September the sale of War Savings Stamps and Certificates this year yielded the treasury $89,373,997. The camstarting is the first
Haste Urged With Parcels
the cowboy motion picture star with millions of admirers — Is one of the top ten money-makers in Hollywood, and ;z - of the favorite radio stars of many more. Gene Is heard on the Columbia network In "Gone Autry’s
Gene Autry
r.
*1*1*
Serbs Take Leaf
From Nazi Book
one
Time to Prepare Those to be Expressed To Men Overseas
paign now special drive launched since January and February of last year.
Certificates purchased by payroll deductions constitute about 70 per cent of the present returns. The aim is to increase these, as well as to increase the number of casual purchases and the number of purchases by means of bank pledges.
showing the
Yugoslavs are Germans that the execution of hostages can be two-sided. Yugoslav guerillas, said a report heard in New York, captured 650 Ger-soldiers, including at least
Express agency officials are advising relatives of men overseas to get Christmas parcels away within the next two weeks so that pre-Ohrtstmas delivery may be made.
Though Christmas may somewhat distant at the present moment, It Is by no means too early to start preparing the gift packages now, It la pointed out, particularly as shipping space for ether than essential goods Is strictly limited. Parcels leaving within the next two weeks will be nicely timed and will avoid possible disappointment.
Gift parcels by Canadian Express for the troops, other than packages containing foodstuffs, may be shipped Irrespective of weight, but parcels of foodstuffs must not exceed IB pounds gross weight. The shipment of perishable foods should be carefully avoided as there Is no cold storage space available on the steamers.
¦
HUMPED BEAST
seem
man
40 officers, and then sent a note to the German General threatening to execute them if the shooting of Yugoslav hostages continued.	, .. , .
17.
17 Its---species
has two humps
20 Ye.
22 Twitching.
24 Twisted.
Answer to Previous Puzzle
LjL iainLIPÜ
HORIZONTAL
1 Ruminant mammal pictured here.
6 It is used on

BBB
u=T=1
this day;
r,
F

¦
l
FIPT I .NlElNIT

25	Street cars.
26	Aid.
27	Hindu guitar.
28	Soft cap.
30 Auto.
32 Detained.
34 Payment demand.
36	Measures for coal.
37	One who snubs.
40	Chasm.
41	Particle of
j This Curious World
the
as a
HOC!
900
ana
IHbihi
mam
By William Ferguson
m
horse.
11	To dwell
12	Relish.
13	Ate.
14	Tracts.
16	Rodent.
17	Preposition.
18	Beer.
19	Bone.
20	You.
21	Coterie.
23	Mister (abbr.) 43 Without.
24	Value.	44	To contend.
27 Formal call. 46 Bears lambs.
48 Yes.
50 To lave.
33 Mohammedan 52 Self, judge.	53	Fold.
86 Twenty-four 55 To regret.
56	It eats thorny
desert
57	It can go without for days.
P 5
ALLAN
i
QYHA
eIemal
Mi 18
[S3


f/U NM£ "ROTTEN ROW,"
I
L I
L

LE
5
L l|A
DE
IN LONDON, IS A CORRUPTION OF THE ORIGINAL. NAME,
"route:	^
OU RCV."
HHD9[SQ

I

VERTICAL
2	Assumed name.
3	Money
factory.	- - A. .
4	Night previous 43 Ancient tale.
5	Account book. 45 Toilet box.
47	Snaky fish.
48	Dye.
40 Bewails. 42 Chaos.


fire

Cash Gifts
Canadians wishing to send cash gifts to the fighting forces overseas may obtain express money orders to a limit of 25 pounds sterling a month, while money to the same limit can be sent by cable at very reasonable cost, it is announced.
The chief advantage of sending money by cable is that payment ia made within several days as against several weeks by ordinary mailing methods. There is also no risk of loss at sea, or by other means.
Money remittances to the limit of 25 pounds sterling a month can also be sent to civilians in the United Kingdom to whom other gifts are prohibited under present day regulations, except to the extent of five pounds weight by parcel post. Many Canadians do not at present realize this, it is explained.
29 Pale brown. 31 Larva.
6	To fare.
7	Is exultant.
8	Courtesy title. 49 Organ of
9	Ipecac herb.	hearing.
,	10 Kingdom. 51 Female fowl
13 A type of this 53 Postscript beast,	(abbr.)»
15 Bondage. 54 Note in scale.
7*-
A GAKJEN
up
Intemperance
1. "Woe to that crown of pride. Of the drunkards of Ephraim, and
to the fading flower of his glori-beauty, which is on the bead of the fat valley of them that are overcome with wine!” That Intemperance was the prevailing sin In the Kingdom of Israel la not Impossible. It prevailed also to a great extent in the Kingdom of Judea. "A man's reason, conscience, moral feelings, and physical strength are all overcome by Indulgence in wine and the entire man le prostrated by It.” 2. "Behold, the Lord hath a mighty and strong one; as a tempest of hall, a destroying storm, as a tempest of mighty waters overflowing, will be cast down to the earth with the land. 3. The crown of pride of the drunkards of Ephraim shall he trodden under foot: 4. and the falling flower of his glorious beauty, which Is on the head of the fat bully, shall be as the first ripe lig before the summer; which when he that looketh upon It sceth, whilo
It ie yet in his hand to eat it up. In that day will Jehovah of hosts become a crown of glory, and s diadem of beauty, unto the residue of his people. 6. And a spirit of Justice to Him that sitteth in judgment, and strength to them that turn back the battle at the gate.”
as gratification of appetite, not only that each act lasts but for a moment, but also that past gratifications leave no sort of sol-to the appetite behind them; past acquirements ol deeds of goodness are a perpetual joy ae well as the foundation o4 the present. There Is something essentially Isolated In each act of
delight. No man can by #o willing recall the taste of eaten
food, nor slake hi» thirst by remembrance of former draught». But each such gratification is done when It Is done, and there is *n end of Its power to gratify.
IS. "Woe to him, that buildeth a town with blood, and established a city by Iniquity!” The Chaldeans
hours.
36 Abilities.
38	Mongrel.
39	Measure of
castle:, near.
HALLE, GERMANM

AS A REMINDER.
Tz
% 3
oue
area.

//vuust/<ce:S
/VVANV YEARS AGO, A SERVANT WAS

6
l
5
I
IS

r.


r

-
I
*
II

- \

*
5
H
3
8
1

RJNG-, WHICH AGTUAL-L-V HAD ||

18
7
?

16


22
I
0
er/ a raven/
WHEN ONE BIRD
I
mm
9
!
28
27
26
DIES. ANOTHER.
l
(

2X\
34
8
to*
32
I
9 30
Ù
'H
immediately/

38
37
36


Gather Ye Rosebuds
COf*. 1tM # NIA SERVICE, INC
42
Al
39
40
• r" . /
IN TOPEKA, KANSAS., A.LAWJUAAOS each
HOUSEHOLD TO	'
This verse was chalked on the walls of the Hove railroad station in England;
Gather ye Rosebuds while ye may
For time brings only sorrow. Girls you might have kissed to-
45
3
5I
49
to the Bishop Thilo of Troths »
7
55
54
53
7
6
day
May wear gas masks tomorrow.
NEXT: The hour when «print oflkisltj nrrtren.
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Entanglement
Nothing Is bo short-lived
It Is
SOME BREECHES MAKER,
T RECKON !
WHO INVENTED	-
barbed wire , pop r




I
Ü
sensuous

ii
)
f-




1

/ i

###PAGE###8###



, ELx
>

iL <

/".V
Christmas Cards—Now is the time to order y i'.ir Christ m is C-irds. Al kinds froui 50 cents no. 1 from Kay Wo >dley, Shaw ville.
ESTABLISHED 1883
Order early
'//





COACH
I N VA LID

/
Big Black Bear Shot With .22 Calibre Rifle
Vi
Z
%
o'®
GEORGE HYNES & SON
V///i

When going tor the cows one evening during tlie past week, Mr. Frank Bruy, bugged a large black bear on hi* farm near Phillip’s Luke. The bear was walking along a path and apparantly did not notice Frank, who put one shot into his neck, the second shot finding the animal's heart.
A large number of bear have been seen in the north" Country and even at Ladysmith, one is said to have called at the post office.
SCHOOL
V

Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
E
Ï
a


K à
rs

i.


Phone 80
'/rjj

rr
Service Announcement
Men of 30, 40,50
Miscellaneous Shower
fj
Vj
PEP, VIM, VIGOR, Subnormal ?
M^rSWSTJSS hhEsSBkS
laneoue shower.	.
As the bride to be entered the
living room, Mrs. James Gordon supplied the music of "Here comes the Bride,” Miss Margaret Judd read an appropriate address and Miss Doris Horner presented some
Miss Dahms ex
Shawvillb United Church
I
Rev A. F. Pokes B. Am B.D. PA3tor Sunday November 2 11.00 a. m. Service at Shaw ville
v
Our Town is at War
1.30 p. m. — Service at Zion.
Service at Stark s Corners
New Wiping-Rag Rental
Service Growing Fast
3,00 p. m.
7,30 p. m.—Service at Shawvillc
we can? That's one thing we can all
i
do . ; one thing we must all do. We must all buy more War Savings Certificates.
# Men are drilling in our town . ; . our own men ; ; ; men we call by their first names. Some of them quit good
jobs to join the army ; ; . some quit
—
school. When the Empire went to war and Canada went to war . . . this town went to war. Every now and then a
few more active service.

Next time you drive into a service station for a lubrication job observe the small, tough rags the mechanic uses to wipe off excess grease and oil. Until recently any old rag served the purpose, or maybe a piece of waste, fashioned rags were thrown away, or burned. Not so the new-style rags. When soiled, they’re tossed into a sack and periodically are taken back to the "laundry" for rewashing, the same as shirts, sheets and whatnots. And usually the same rags are returned, clean, at the next delivery.
Today the comparatively new wiping rag rental service is a fastgrowing industry. All kinds of industrial plants are cutting expenses by using standardized wiping rags over and over again—four to perhaps 30 times before they are finally worn out.
„ .	.	.	__	When the junk, or salvage, man
Many friends m Ottawa veie comes to your home, or plant, to
mm
Army, the Ladies’ Auxiliary of out to manufacturing and industrial the Red Cross, and wits a member plants.
of the 1. O D. E.	The rental service plants buy
She became friends with a great from mills standard-sized long leal many people through association staple cotton or Turkish loop weave with her husband’s profession and towels of various grades and belonged to the Druggist's Ladies’ weights, and flannel dust rags to be Auxiliary and was president of treated with hot wax. From salvage
the Ladies’ Auxiliary of the Ottawa Optemetrical Association.
She was interested in athletics and belonged to the Rideau Curl-Club and the Rivermead Golf Club. She was a member of the Dominion United Church.
The former Kathleen E. McCagg, she was born at Shaw » il le, Que., a daughter of the late John McCagg
Elizabeth Hod gin*.
very fine gifts. ...	.
pressed her appreciation in a rew
well chosen words.

Bristol United Church
%
Sunday Nouember 2 11.00 a. m.—Service at St. Andrews
Service at|Knox.
r
Mis* Betty Hayes Honoured
Mrs. G. G. McDowell entertained on Saturday, Oct. 25th at a kit chen shower in honour of Miss Betty Hayes, of Ottawa, whose marriage takes place early in No vember. Mrs. E. R. Hayes, Mrs. R. G. Hudgins and Mrs. J. M. Argue presided at the tea table which was adorned with pink snapdragons and white and yellow crysanthemums Mrs. Lawson Corrigan and Miss Patricia McDowell assisted the hostess.
The old-
2.30	p. m.
7.30	p. m. — Service at Austin
Tht help of every Canadian is needed for
I
Victory. In these days of war the thoughtless) selfish spender is a traitor to our war A reduction in personal spending is now a vital
r
necessity to relieve the pressure for goods, to
C
enable more and more labour and materials to be diverted to winning the war. The all-out effort, which Canada must make, demands this self-denial of each of us.

effort)
ANGLICAN
Rev. K. C. Bolton, BA., L.Tii.
St. Paul’s
Holy Communion—11.00 a. m. Evening Prayer—7.30 p. m.
. Holy Trinity
3.00
K
men from this town leave for We're taking the war more seriously. Are we? Are we all?
• i

i i
i
Are those of us who haven't joined up doing all we can? Are we lending all
Evening Prayer
Mrs. T. T. Beattie Dies Following Lengthy Illness
St. Lukes
Holy Communion—9.00 a. m.
SUPPORT THE WAR WEAPONS DRIVE IN YOUR COMMUNITY
North Clarendon Parish Sunday November 2
Published by the If or Savings Committee, Ottawa
Charteris—
Holy Communion—10.30 a. m.
Greermount—
Evening Prayer Thorne Centre—
Sunday School—7.00 p. m,
Evening Prayer
SPCND less- TO Buy MOM
WAR SAVINGS CERTIFICATES
2.30

7.30
men and other sources they purchase flour sacks, sugar liners and other types of rags, ground and scenery cloth is also purchased from motion picture stu-Then they contract with customers to supply them with towels or rags, laundering them at specified intervals, for a certain price. Most of the plants operate fleets of delivery trucks.
Black back-
Look Here
ing
525i52S25[lI2S25252525252525d52525y252525B525252525252525252529
(2525PR525Z525325252525252525252525
For Sale, Wants, Found,
Lost, etc.
ibnL tL
dies.
Freezing Hurts Winter Painting i
Where paint is to be applied tc | new homes during winter, Fédéra* | Housing administration officials ad- j vise painters to make sure that the | materials to be painted are dry. | Where the painting is on the interior, j heat should be maintained to assure continued drying.
All mi 11 work to be painted shoulo be primed before installation. Ir y painting new plaster, the tempera- 0 ture çhpuld net be too high cr otherwise blisters may develop.
Exterior painting should not fcc done if the surfaces of the maUria's are damp or wet within, immediately after rain, during rain cr snow, or if rainy or freezing weather is threatening. Oil paints may be safely applied at temperatures above 40 degrees F. Other k.iids oi coatings with rapidly evaporating thinr.ers should be appl temperatures.
The World’s Largest Seller
PHILCO RADIO
FOR SALE — Heavy draft matched team, mare arid gelding 10 y oars Matched team 3 years old heavy, exchange for car. Apply to Huch Horner Charteris Phone 30—10.
and his wife.
She received lier education here and was married in 1901 by Rev. J. A Lacliey at Portage du Fort. She came to Ottawa shortly after her marriage where her husband acquired proprietorship of a drug store at 404 Bronson Avenue.
Surviving, besides her husband, aie two sister*, Mrs. I. Carson, of Shawvilie, and Mrs, John Rollins,
of Ottawa,
The fuueial service was held at her residence and conducted by Rev. Dr, H. W, Avisou, with in
ternient at Pillôtiresè cemetery.
old .
Will
s
‘Flammenwerfer’ Used in
Killing Locust Swarm
Few plagues are so devastating in their effects as a swarm of locusts.
a definite shadow across the face of the sun and, when they land, all edible vegetation for milçs around is devoured in a matter of minute#. [ü iw'àrm may be 10 miles wide and 20 miles long!)
One ot the most spectacular ways of killing off such a locust swarm is by use of the Flammenwerfer, or flame gun, used by the Germans against the British Tommy on the fields of Flanders. A portable cylinder containing paraffin is carried on the back and attached to the cylinder is a length of hose at the end of which is a nozzle. When the cylinder is pumped up a jet of flame shoots out of the nozzle for 10 yards.
To wade into a locust swarm with a weapon is a thrilling and impressive experience, mowed down in swathes as the roaring flame bites into the densely packed devouring hordes. But such the tremendous numbers that even this mass murder does not greatly deplete their ranks.
Poison appears to be the most efficient killer. In Egypt rice bran, sweetened with molasses and poisoned with arsenic, has proved very effective.
s
WANTED-A middle aged woman for
Apply to Mrs.
W
m
general housekeeper.
Jos Hunt, Shaw ville. Phone .V»,
3

B68888I
st
VkN
FOR SALE - Willis Knight Sedan reasonably priced will l$cense. Good condition," Apply to I?RANK Walls. Shawville.
When in flight they throw
65 /Ofloi0p|20
Éjà'-ÉjTO
?» in ir^
i
500
TO RENT - Comfortable dwelling on
Apply to R. 1. Shawville.
King Street, Shawville. Kenneth IIopgins, Phone lH-i7
phiico

FOR SALE — Leghorn pullets, April hatched ; 1 pr. Belgian colts, rising $ years ; 4 pr Percheron tu are foals. Apply to Clifford Horner, R 1 Shawville, Phone 15-16,
Mr. Alex H. Orr Passes At Snipe
Lake, Saskatchewan
The death occured early on Saturday morning Oct. 18th, of Mr. Alexander Henry Orr, of Snipe Lake, Saskatchewan.
e>,\
• t :
“1

• v-

R. A. GRANT
FOR SALE—Pair Belgian foaîs nuire and colt . Belgian mate rising 2 years chesnut, Apply to George Campbell R-3 Shawville. Phone 29—9.
-h= Spanish-Atr.irx
Apply to Neil Sparling Bristol. Phone 1898, means “rich port.
20—Snawville.	Puerto Rico is the only land under
---------------------- the American flag on which Colutn- ¦
ot (he discovered
Puerto Rico R ch Peri’
The island of Puerto Rico, was ceded to the United Slates
war in
Mr. Orr, who was living alone apparently left home very early in the morning. It is thought that lie had taken ill in the night and had set out for his daughter’s home or to a nearby town for medical assistance Later, a neighbour noticed his car parked with it’s lights on and inside found Mr. Orr, dead, presumably from a heart attack.
M r. Orr was born at Bristol, Que., on March 11th. 1870. He was the second of Mr. and Mrs. James Orr. He married Mary Anne McCuaig in 1900 and moved west in 1907. In 1909 the family moved to the Snipe Lake Mrs. Orr predeceased him on March 19th, 1939
General Merchant
Y. hi
BRISTOL, QUE.
Phone 24-
an
iE5d5252SES25Ej2525E52!7d525252SiiSES2S252525252S25252525BSEC?5252jd5252525ES252525B5BS252525252Ei252S2525252
IN MEMORIAL
FOR SALE—a number of year-old j bus actually set I Barred Rocks and Leghorns. Appiy to: ^ on h ; g second voyage ir Mrs. Leonard HorNEr. phone 20-21	Although Puerto Rico
The pests are
Annual Bazaar Huge Success
1493). is three
times as large as Rhode Island. Tex as is 77 times larger than Puerto
In loving memory of our dear It den ii Wilson, who passed
Wilson sister,
away October 28, 1938,
Over the hills in the City of Light, Where the sun never sets,
And every things bright,
Our daughter is resting,
Free from sorrow and pain,
And in God’s own good time,
We will meet her agiin.
FOR SALK-Bush lot near river front
Apply to Mr. H. C. Sinclair Shawville. phone 42—6
~>OR SALE - Script Quality Cards, Apply to Mrs. A ml y Barnett. Shawville.
The annual church bazaar was
well wooded.
are
held in St. Edward the Confessor's parish hall on October 21st and 22nd. There was a chicken supper served on both evenings and a large number from neighbouring districts attended. Many of the visitors expressed words of congratulation on the excellent manner in which this supper was
setved.
Numeveus valuable prizes were offered, the contestants at bingo, forty five and other drawings at the closing of the bazaar.
The winners of tne five dollar Vietoiy Bonds, were Mrs. Robt. Fitzsimmons, Wyman ; Mr. Gerald Hendei son, Bristol Mi Clarence Martin. McKee ; Miss Justine O'Connor, Quyon ; Miss Mary Herrick, A in prior ; Mr. J a s. Jas Marks, pr.. Wyman ; Mr. Pat Mousseau, Maryland. An auto rug was rallied on the dice and won by Mr. Thomas Morehead, Bryson.
Rev.
son
Rico.
San Juan, capital of this West Indian isle, is one of the uutsL nu ng examples in the Western hemisphere of an old waked city.
In the Cathedral of San Juan repose the remains cf Pur.ce dc Leon, who founded the city in 1511 and was governor of Puerto Rico.
he was the Spanish ad
.as
Mr. Orr was one of the early pioneers of the district and was of a quietly genial disposition, highly esteemed by all bis neighbours. A member of the Orange Order, he was active in community affairs particularly in his younger days
The deceased is survived by four daughters, Mrs. K. D. Phillips, Winnipeg, Mrs. It A. Phillips, Snipe Lake Mr» R, J. English, Saskatoon and Mrs. H. N Frayling, of Winnipeg ; two sis term, Mrs. C. Ramsay, of Prince Albert and Mrs. Jane Orr, of Can wood.
The funeral was held on Wednesday, Oct. 22, the Rev. H. C. Fennell conducting the service which was held in Eston United Church.
The numerous floral offerings showed the high esteem in which the deceased was held.
Interment-was made in Eston Ceme-
FOR SALE-White leg horn hens 1 yt. old. Apply to Herr Hoihiins Phone 6 21
Always remembered by
Mother and Sisters


( As
or.ee
you knov. venturer who died while seeking the Fountain of Youth.)
Public Notice
Isaac Newton Absentminded
From time to time, we observe
“absent-minded,”
» •
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given
that the Municipal Council of the X il-
lage ot Shawville at it’s regular meeting held on the sixth day of October, nineteen hundred and forty one, passed its By-Law No. 129, levying and imposing l rate of Un mills 03 each and every dollar of taxable property on the assessment roll of the Village of Shawville for for the year nineteen hundred and forty one, and providing for a discount of three per cent, on all 1941 taxes paid before the fifteenth of December, nineteen hundred and forty-one.
Further communication of the said By-Law may be had at the office of the undersigned.
Given at Shawville this seventh day of October, nineteen hundred and forty-one.

someone who is or hear about something ,done by such a person. A few months ago
carried the report that

NOTICE

All persons are strictly forbidden to trespass on Lot 19, on the 6th Range of the Township of Clarendon. Persons found doing so will be dealt with as the law directs. By order of
newspapers
American college professor went to the attic to repair a trapdoor. After working for some time, he thought the job was done, but could not get out of the attic. He had nailed down the trapdoor 'and couldn’t open it. called for help, and his daughter’s boy friend came to the rescue, knocking at the trapdoor until it was opened.
The famous Isaac Newton seems to have been absent-minded in a big way. Among the stories about this famous scientist is one which tells of a time when he went into the kitchen to boil an egg. He meant to time it with his watch, but the cook came in and noticed he had t egg in his hand and his watch in
Cellophane From Lamb
Although most of the animals slaughtered at packing houses yield similar products, each has several attributes not possessed by the others. The jaws and skulls of lambs, for instance, are used in the preparation of glycerine. Lamb’s wool is gaoded and the clean fleece turned into blankets, surgical dressings, etc. Lanolin, separated from the fleece, is employed in cosmetics, while lamb's pelts are in demand not only for gloves and chamois eather, but also for college diplo-novelties and the sweat bands
i hats.
Inedible Iamb fats are converted into giycerine which finally reaches in anti freeze and cellophane,

an
a
ines ; Mr.
JNO. B. ARMSTRONG
The professor

NOTICE
Trespassing in any manner will not be permitted on the following property :
Lots part of 7 A and 7 b, Range 5; 27 A, Range 6, of the Township of Grand Calumet Island. Parties found doing so will be prosecuted. By order o] the owners
tery.
Father Enright find the people of St Edward’s parish wish to express their sincere appreciation to all who by their patronage and donations helped to make this bazaar such u success,
For Sale
.Comfortable dwelling house, stable» henhouse and woodshed. For further particulars apply to Mbs. R. J. Ledger, King Street, Shawville.
mes
H C. ROWAT,
Secretary Ttea.turer
Village of Shawville
JACK TAYLOR MRS. AMY PITT
i
i
us

