###PAGE###1###
Mar 15/41
Clarence T. Brownlee R. 2, Shawville
» $1. SO per p nm m ; n A dvr r o 1	2.CC to the Ui ltec
PON IIAC COUNTY, QUE: THLESDAY, DECEMBER 2«itl.
1040
SHAWVILLE,
No 27.. 58th Yeau
s* sss:s8£»ejsss*aa
GOWLIXG
BUSINESS
wur
:gf n«if	jjjtTjrjrjTjrjrjrjrjrjTjrzjrjrjTXjrjrxjTJJTZjjjtttxiOtter Lake Red Cross
^ The local Red Cross report? til» 2 total a mount of money rai?e(> wa-Q *115.83, of which San y Creek uni & donated $H.3h.
The following finished article-t were sent to headquarters sine. H organization in March : One him ** died and thirty three pair? sock* 31 sweaters, one scarf, one pai wristlets and the following refit gee articles : Three sweaters, six pairs socks, four pairs mitts, 28 shirts and three windbreakers.
Sandy Creek contributions to this was four sweaters and 17 pair? socks.
Sr
s
*

With a clear understanding and full appreciation of what your co-operation and custom has meant to us during past year, The Equity wishes all its
friends and readers a Happy and Prosperous New Year.
COLLEGE
%
X
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modem in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
mi
t

mm*
X
w
x

1

x

w. E. COWLWC, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
(greetings
Youth Training Courses At Macdonald College
JAMES A. MILLAR
‘	B.A..LLL.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull,Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay
ruing •>'
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday at Noon
Once again we wish to voice our appreciation of the co-opcration received during the past year from our friends in this community.
We hope that everybody enjoyed a Merry Christmas and that all will have a Happy and Prosperous New Year.
Two six-week course* under the Dominion-provincial Youth Train-Plan will be held at Macdonald ege beginning February 3rd, it was announced recenly bv the college authorities. One will be a course in Farm Mechanics (limited to 21) students), the other in Farm Management and Rural Organization (limited to 30 students).
As is generally known, there were no courses given in Quedee last year under this plan and the college staff have taken advantage of the time to give a great deal of attention to the detailed planning of the courses to be given this year, which are to be intensely practical.
A booklet describing the courses
red and will soon be istribution. Copies
S5i
every Wednesday

The annual New Years Tea Meeting will be held on New Year’s night in the Theatre Hall. Supper served from 6 to 8 clock. The yonng people will present the play, “Lena Rivers ’
PERSONAL MENTION

Mr. Wilmer Hodgins, of Ottawa, visited hit# parents for the holiday.
Miss Nell Iniison. of Montreal.
s with her . Imison.
Miss Minerva Judd, of Timmins,
Mr. and
HABLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
(towluate of McGill University
8MAWYILLE, QUE.
OFFirg—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shawville. Que.
%
8 SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
#	Estate C. «I. Caldwell f
ms&s&s&s&sie as æaææeaKSKml
is spending the holiday parents, Mr. and Mrs. H
The opening afternoon tea of the Shawville Ladies Curling Club will be held at the Club room on Friday afternoon, Dee. 27th at three o’clock. Everybody welcome.
i
is visiting her parents Mrs. John B Judd.
V
been prepa ready for dis may be obtained from the Regist rar, Macdonald College, and appli cation forms may be obtained either from the College or from the Youth Training Plan, Government Buildings, Quebec, Que As with all similarly sponsored tuition, board and trail*
has
Mr. Sidney Hudgins, of Montreal, spent Christmas with his parents, Mr. and Mis. R. A. Hod gins.
Miss Gwen Hodgins, of Ottawa, spent Christmas with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. R. W. Hod gins.
Miss Jean Kelly, of Montreal, visited friends in town for the holiday
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
I
Quebec Division Canadian Red Cross
Advocate Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’eBay, Que (In Lawn Block)
The Quebec Provincial Division, in common with the National ami Overseas groups of the Canadian Red Cross Society, is doing its share towaici making Canada's second war time Christmas a little brighter for many under privileged in the province, while the National and Overseas divisions doing their part in helping to provide a , little extra cheer at Christmas as part of the general war effort.
In making this announcement officials stated that the Quebec Provincial Division will provide Christmas treats for needy vet-in hospitals and the Junior Red Cross will do its share for making the Yuletide season more enjoyable . for many underprivileged children The wai
g
g
; courses
I pollution ate free to students Dagg, of Montreal, | accepted by the Provincial author. Candidates omet be under
30 years of age, but other students may attend at their own expense.
Since not more than" 50 students will be accepted for both courses, applications for admission should
g
DONAT Le GUERRIER
g
Dr. K h
spent Christmas with h-s relatives itie*
lit town.
B.A.. L.L.B
g
g
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Mr. Lindsay Dale, of Noranda visited his mother, L. _	__
Dale this week.
Mr. Hen Midlidge is spending be nude at once the holidays at hi* home in 0?keieno River, Que.
Mrs. R. A
ue
g
Branch at (juyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with bylcorrespondenee
M
DIED
Mr. Melvin Hod gins, of Cornwall, spent Christmas with his parents, Mr and Mrs. R. G Hudgins.
Mr. and Mrs. Brome Pokes, of Gnmfhoque, are visiting the former’s parent* for the holiday.
Mr. XV. Alton Stark, of O.dmwa Out , spent the* Christmas holiday with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. C Stark.
g
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT .. BARRISTER iv juu« SHEET	PHONE, 2-2219
HULL, QUEBEC S
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Canipbe. Bay every Tuesday at Noon.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday Evening.
Thompson—At her late residence Clarendon Front, Que., on Mon y. Dec, 23. 1940, Jennie Little, loved wite oT the late Matthew Thompson, in her Vist year. The funeral service was held at the late home at 1 30 o’clock on Christmas Day. Interment was at Norway Bay Cemetery.
era ns
i
%
da
he.
1
t
»
t ,
g
veterans, whom the Red Cross have been assisting throughout the year, will receive cigarettes and candy. The inmates of the Convalescent home and St. Anne de Bellevue Lodge will be visited on Christmas Day
by representatives of the Quebec Provincial Division, who will convey the good wishes of the organization to the men Members of the 18,000 branches of the Junior Red Cross tlirouh-out the province, have made and epaired toys for distribution on Christmas eve. More than 33,000 articles were sent to various parts of the province last yeai of these were distributed to *ueh
as Labrador.
%
i
g
Mr, and Mis. Mrs. Man son McDow	„ ,	.
ell spent Christmas Day with the j Mr. Chas Tucker Bereaved
—— Y
A well-known resident of Westmeath and Renfrew died suddenly .	.....	r. on Sunday morning at the home
Dale and Bessie Armstrong, of 0nier sister,. Mrs. John U. Cros-Verdun, are spending the holiday k>1|.y Renfrew, in the person of season at their homes in this dis- \j Jessie Ann Tucker. She was
00 years of age.
Miss Tucker was born In Westmeath and was the daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. G A, Tucker. She lived most of her life in the Westmeath district but had spent many Winters in Renfrew. Following the death of her sister-inlaw. Mrs. Chas. Tucker, some years she resided for a few years
g
D. J. CAMBPELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE ,
latter's sister Mrs. Huet ill Mont real.


/
g
n
Misses Maude Dahins, Marion

g
e<
Phone 3
trict
Er. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE. PLATEAU 638 8
g
l
Mr. and Mis. Westburn Hamilton. of McCord, Sask. are visiting their friends and relatives in this district.
Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Stark tm d little son of Nobel Ont. spent the Christmas holiday with Mr. a nd Mrs. W. C Stark.
Mr. and Mrs Ted McGuire, of Paugan Falls, were guests of their relatives in town and vici&ity for the holiday.
Miss M. A. McGuire, of Lascelle*, is spending the Christmas holidays with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. XL R McGuire.
g
borne
distant points Letters were received expressing deep appreciation for these gifts,
In addition to this work the branch members have made special treats lor children confined to hospital, such as decorations for trays, napkin rings, and bright decorations for Christmas trees in the hospitals, as many ingenious little gifts to help make the tes live season more pleasant for those confined to bed.
High school students are making all kinds of indoor games, such as checker boards, picture puzzles,
dart boards and ring
for the military camps o
Decorations and

1941
g
ago, .	e
with her brother in Shawville.
She was an active ami valued member of the Westmeath L nited
Church	1,1*.
A private service was held at
the home of her sister, Mrs. Crockery, on Tuesday morning by the Rev. L. Fowler, of Renfrew. Interment was made at Westmeath Cemetery, the service being con ducted by the Rev, Mr. Mullen,
The pall bearers were, Messrs, George Tucker, John and George ...	.. „	. f n . .Croskery, Wallace and Lloyd
Miss Amelia Smart, ot Granby, Howard and Dr. C. J. Bradley, is spending the Christmas vacation Surving are two brothers, Chas with her parent®, Mr. and Mrs. Tucker, of Shawville : J. Howard Wellington Smart.	Tucker, of Ottawa, and one sister,
Mr. and Mrs Eddie Finnigan Mrs, Croskery, ot Renfrew, and children, of Ottawa, spent Floral tributes were received Christmas at the home of Mrs. from the following : —
Finnigan s mother, Mrs. Thomas Croskery family ; J. Howad Tucker McDowell.	and family ; Hugh McEwen ; Norman
Ur. Wnllace Hndirins, of Mont Reid ; Dr. and Mm. Bradley ;, Mr. and
real, and his sister. Miss Norah, of Mrs, Percy Swam; Mr. and Mis Ottawa, spent Christmas with Haw kins ; fhoe. t wiemlen anqIfaiml) their parents, Mr. and Mrs. John George and Charles lackey ; Mr. and L. Hudgins.	Mrs. Wesley Clarke ; Mr, and Mrs. J.
Dickson * parents, Mr. and Mre.
R. G. Hudgins,
Aircraftsman Herbert Wickens, of St Thomas, was a Christmas Day visitor at the home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. John Wickens, Clarendon Front
DU- WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.

year the embers have died away only to be rekindled to a fresh glow when another twelve months have brought the return of this glorious festive season.
Thus we turn to you and yours, even midst these anxious times with the warmest handshake we can send across space, to extend that grand old wish —
Each
BELAIR 3 257
Donald McRae, of West-mount, is spending the Christina? vacation with his parents, Mr. ami Mrs. R. E. McRae,
Mi
g
tossin
H K. NEILSON, IÏI.D.
S
games
the province favours were also prepared for
Christmas dinner
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
BUILDING
army camp tables.
National officials announce that Christmas dinners ahd parcels will be provided for Canadian troops in hospital in Britain by the Canadian Red Society's overseas rep resen tatives.	Reports received
from England indicate that every, tiling will be done to assure the men of.a happy Christmas. Voluntary Red Cross hospital visitors" are looking after the decoration of t lie wards for the occasion All Canadian hospitals in England will receive the attenti >it of the Canadian Red Cross. The last report received here indicate* tlmt tiie (RKi bed Canadian Red Cross Hospital in England (No. 5Canadian) is almost full, and that there almost 500 patients at No. 15
Canadian General
All the-e men, as well as Canad ians who are patients in other
are visited
ic
ONT
OTTAWA
PHONE, 2-7961
BEATTIE’S EVE SERVICE g A
Will
g
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA. ONTARIO

SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS

Special* on all Visual and Muscular ye Defect
T, T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist
The Misses Gwenneth Shaw, I va Cotie, Dorothy Caldwell, '4ary and Helen Corrigan, I va Horner, Dora Murphy and Messrs Douglas Campbell, Bruce Horner, Iveraoi Harris, Hugh Baird, Burns liussel and Walter McDowell, of Macdonald College, are spending tin holiday season at their respective homes,
Etes
g
R Optometrist
g
are
Gordon T. Paul
INSUIUKCL
g
Mr. Norris Brough, of St. Lambert, Que. and Miss Luceille Brough, of Thetford Mines, Que., arrived on Saturday to spend the Christmas vacation with their parents, Mr. and Mrs. A G. Brough.
The Misses Elizabeth Argue, Ilia McDowell, Patrie» McDowell, Mar icnSmythe. Elaine Horner. Helen McLean and Ethel Smart who are attending schools in Ottawa are visiting at their respective homes tor the holidays,
military hospitals regularly by Canadian Bed Cross hospital visitors. During the past few month", these visitors have initiated handicraft among the men in the hospitals, and it is reported that the work has become exceed ingly popular with the men and is helping them feel more contented.
Many ot them have made such things as rugs, tapestry and bask ets which they are sending to their relatives in Canada as Christmas presents.
8
REPRESENTING; COM FAMES
Douglas McDowell, R C. A M. C., Ottawa; Billy Shore. Lawrence Young and Bruce Elliott H, 0. O. 0, Montreal; Maynard Morrison, Algonquin R'fles; Eric Judd, R. C A SC, Ottawa; Boiden Corrigan, Cameron High landers, and Belt Staik, C M. I\. of Ottawa, spent tile holidays with their relatives in town.
X
Strong
THE W. A. HODCINS bTORE
t Xft rit r cec
Dependable Through
g
Quebec
Shawville
Generations
g
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
Laasasasasatt as asasasasas
###PAGE###2###
JOYOUS AND HAPPY HOLIDAY SEASON
The Christ Child
Legends From Fifth Century
Jig, Folk-Song In Old Quebec
Many Traditions of This Season Are Traceable Back to the Time of the Romans
This Is By Tradition The French • Canadian Farmer’s Merry-making Season
They’ve dusted off the fiddle and rolled back the parlor rug French-Canadian homes in the fcsck concessions, for it's the season of jig and folk-song.
The Quebec farmer’s merrymaking season by tradition is the last week of the old year and the first week of the new, when winter has brought a lull in his hard work of squeezing a living from the soil.
Though the period is one of gaiety in the remote, snow-bound ?illges, always it starts with solemn celebration of midnight Mass in the parish church Christmas Eve.
Every resident of every parish turns out for the Mass with Ha blazing candles, the Christmas hymns and the sermon of the eure, in the little stone church that is the hub of rural French-Canadian life.
The growth of Christmas tradition and legend has never ceased since the Fifth Century, when the birth of Christ was first generally celebrated. Each nation has had its own native customs and has added those of oth countries as well as subtracting and modifying until the complex ritual of our traditional Christmas has grown up, perhaps with less religious observance than could be wished, but with a holiness of a sort in the universal happiness and feeling of goodwill.
r


1


mm
E
w

*
f

o v
m

œ>-W&


C c

;
m
*
, [.



a

ii
vs





Ft
I
»N




e
«
*
E
?
«
m m
Æ	I
SANTA CLAUS
S



Santa Claus, for example, the deity of the child and the symbol of the adult, bears the name he does in Canada because this is the British version of the Dutch Saint Nicholas. The original Saint Nicholas was Bishop of Smyrna during the Diocletian persecutions and after his death beame the patron of little children, merchants, sailors, travelers, thieves, pawnbrokers and maiden ladies. The gifts that this kindly soul brings find their origin 'n a legend about him which tells how he gave dowries to thr;e daughters of a pqpr tradesman, whence grew the custom of banging up the stockings of little children on the Eve of St. Nicholas on December 5, the custom later being transferred to Christmas. The exchange of gifts between persons arises from the gifts of the Three Wise Men.
CHRISTMAS TREE STORY
The Christmas Tree, decorated with its glittering tinsel and shining lights, is a more recent • addition to the stock of tradition, probably originating in Germany.
mm
1
ms
mm

t


## #%
ti

y

N

vÿ
«

M
f
#
m
a
v
5#
%


En
t
m
&
y

#####
', -:

il



Mi

Sü

m*

as




REVELRY AFTER MASS The revelry starts after Mass, once the farm folk have returned to their homes and piled wood high in shiny black stoves. There's the dancing and singing, little glassfuls and good things to eat from laden kitchen tables.
But in the village homes no presents are given Christmas Day. That’s reserved for New Year’s, useful
husband, a coat for the wife, blue suits for the sons and dresses for the daughters.
>
St
SK*


m
:?







«


«


•:<
M

r-y

sx*

I
>

XV9



v.y
>â
ü
>

$



•>ï:
az
WïÆmm
wSm


And all the gifts are a new fur cap for the

•y •

K
m
si
m
«¦
I

gSBÈS

»:<
âl
:ÎS
S-
r

##
K
m
m



¦
m
ma
ENDS WITH EPIPHANY The farmer’s holiday ends with a round of visiting and family gatherings on the Feast of the Epiphany. After that it’s back to work — time to start threshing grain sheaves stacked in the bams since the autumn.
m

àà x	: x.

>.V
v3*Sv>y.
Century “Nativity” by Francesco di Pietra Santa, Rome)
of the Lord came upon them, and the glory of the Lord shone round about them: and they were sore afraid. And the angel said unto them,
And it came to pass in those days that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus, that all the world should be taxed . . . And all went to be taxed, every one into his own city.
And Joseph also went up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, into Judea, unto the city of David, which is called Bethlehem (because he was of the house and lineage of Lavid). to be taxed with Mary his espoused wife, being great with child. And so it was, that, while they were there, the days were accomplished that she should be delivered. And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there was no room tor them in the inn.	•
And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night. And, lo, the angel
“Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy which shall be to all people. For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord. And this shall be a sign unto you: ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger."
And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising Gcd and saying,
“Glcry to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men."
HOLLY AND BERRIES Holly with its thorns and blood-red berries its thought to symbolize the crown cf thorns worn by the Saviour; another belief is that the use of holly comes from the pagans.
Wassil bow!, so named from the Saxon “waca hael" (lit. ,ebe in health," according to our “to your health"), carried by the children singing carols, owes its — origin to the custom of drinking the health of friends in the spiced wine drunk at Christmas time in mediaeval days. It was a spiced and sweetened drink sc ved m huge bowls with roasted apple * floating in it.
A Decorated Tree Serves Two Aims
If Set Outdoors at Holiday Time—Lends Air of Gay Festivity and Provides Food Source for Birds
;
Twas The Night
Before Christmas
arated from the back by cutting the ribs. The breast should be cut across into halves, and the legs should be cut lengthwise. Then turn the bird right over and dislocate the back with a knife.
To obtain the delicate dark meat around the side bones, the thigh joint sockets should be removed, while the bones on either side are cut off. forcemeat acresm in thin slices and cut the apron across if the bird is stuffed.
decorating the (outdoor ? Christmas tree for holiday festivities, home-lovers might consider combining artistry with fulness by having the tree also serve as a source of food
Decorations which cover both these points may be made by scooping out a drying half orange and then filling it with melted suet to which have been added sugar or honey and one or more of the following ingredients:	sunflower seeds,
millet, hemp, coarse cornmeal, oatmeal, chopped nuts, chopped imw peanuts, bread or cake crumbs and peanut butter.
STRINGS OF CRANBERRIES
Brightly painted halves of English walnut shells, scooped dean, fastened to a string or wire and filled with a combination of two or more of the above ingredients also make pretty decorations. The same filling may be used in pine cones after they have been expnded by placing near the heat.
Strings of cranberries, popcorn and raisins used as garlands, as well as pieces of apple fastened to branches, all lend color and relish.
In

%.
m
m
w
And his clothes were all tarnished with ashes and soot.
A bundle of toys he had flung oir his back,
And he looked like a pedlar just opening his pack;
His eyes — how they twinkled! His dimples, how merry!
His cheeks were like roses; his nose like a cherry!
His droll little mouth was drawn up in a bow,
And the beard on his chin was as white as the snow;
The stump of a pipe he held tight in his teeth,
And the smoke it encircled his head like a wreath;
He had a broad face and a little round belly,
That shook when he laughed like a bowlful of jelly.
He was chubby and plump, a right jolly old elf.
And I laughed when I saw him in spite of myself;
A wink of his eye and a twist of his head
Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread;
He spoke not a word, but went straight to his work
And filled all the stockings, then • turned with a jerk.
And laying his finger aside of bis nose
And giving a nod, up the chimney he rose.
He sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle,
And away they all flew like the down of a thistle; «
But I heard him exclaim ere he drove out of sight,
“Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night."
*Twas the night before Christmas when all through the house
Not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse;
The stockings were hung by the chimney with care,
In hopes that Saint Nicholas soon would be there.
Ae children were nestled all sung in their beds,
While visions of sugarplums danced through their heads, Mama in her kerchief and I in my cap
Had just settled our brains for a long winter’s nap;
When out on the lawn there arose such a clatter,
I sprang from my bed to see what was the matter.
Away to the window I flew like a flash,
Tore open the shutters and threw up the sash.
The moon on the breast of the new fallen snow Gave the lustre of midday to objects below,
When what to my wondering eyes should appear
But a miniature sleigh and eight tiny reindeer,
With a little old driver so lively and quick,
I knew in a moment it must be Saint Nick.
More rapid than eagles his coursers they came,
And he whistled and shouted and called them by name.
'•Now, Dasher! now, Dancer I now, Prancer! and Vixen!
On, Comet! on, Cupid, on, Donner and Blitzon!
To the top of the porch! To the top of the wall!
Mow dash away! dash away! dash •way all!"
Am dry leaves that before the wild hurricane fly,
Whei they meet with an obstacle mount to the eky,
So up to the housetop the eoufs-ihey flew,
Wife a sleigh full of toys and Saint Nicholas too.
ÀMd Sen m a twinkling I heard ea the roof
prancing end pawing of oaeh rntle hoof—
Aa I drew in my head and was
turning around,
Down the chimney St. Nlaholai fame with a bound.
He was dressed all in fur from his head to hie foot
for the birds.
Cattle in the f til
:> %
Carve the
,
i
I hold no place of high i.iipoit, Where roars the thronging art -One of the little ones on earth I do my humble part.
With fork and pail an i stable broom
As evening shadows fall In common tasks I tend f -r Him The cattle in the stall.
it
m


Wassail Bowl
Hot Spicy Drinks Belong In the Holiday Season
Drinks that warm the heart and take the chill off the night belong to the Christmas season. Try these simple and satisfying beverages to the tune of traditional Chrismas carols.
HOT CIDER PUNCH
(Serves 12)
Two pieces stick cinnamon, 1 tablespoon whole cloves, % gallon sweet cider, % cup sugar, % teaspoon salt, lemon peel.
Place spices in a bag and add to cider with sugar and salt. Bring slowly to boiling point. Cool. Remove spice bag. Just before serving, reheat until very hot. Serve with piece of lemon peel in each glass.
MULLED GRAPE JUICE
I love the knotted dark a ong The heavy rough-beamed roof, The cleanly crackle of t o utratv Beneath the shifted hooi :
The woven chorus of co eut That drones from wail to vail — Because I love for His d«a sake The cattle in the stall.
Christmas Turkey: How to Carve It
For since of old a stable knew That wondrous Baby’s bii\.i, Mcthinks He loves the ca t.e best Of all the beasts of earth.
The!/ kind eyes gave H m welcome there—
They heard His first faint call— Oh, proud am I to tend for Him The cattle in the stall !
All Minority Claims In the Family Must Be Satisfied— Here Are Some Pointers
Two big problems face paterfamilias at this time:	How to
scrape up enough money to get a turkey or a goose for the Christmas dinner and hew to go about carving the festive bird so that all "minority" claims are satisfied and without any embarrassing incident due to awkward manipulation of the carving in-•struments.
Carving the turkey is quite an easy matter, says a chef in giving explicit instructions on the proper procedure, if one goes about it the right way, especially a very large turkey, for the breast suffices for a number of persons when carefully caned. When this is not sufficient, the tops of the wings, holding it firmly with a fork and then the legs severed and caned should be . served.
SMALLER BIRD, GREATER
CARE
A smaller bird of lesser proportions requires greater care. Here the advice is to insert the fork firmly in the breast of the
fed,	¦¦¦
the body and thigh. Turn outwards to sever the legs. Keep the fork In the breast while the wings are carved off, cutting widely to keep the shape of the wings.
large the breast should be carved) otherwise it should be sep-
Christmas Windows
Night roofs lie stiffly, row;
Tlie songless earth is black,
And yet these homey squares of glow
Spread joy across my track.
The muffled street seethed
Am chilling snow-whirls dart,
Bat lighted windows, Christmas-wreathed,
Sing carols in my heart.
—Alan Creighton, fa "The Cruidblt .
Now comes once more the glorious night,
The Christmas of the year!
They watch in reverence and awe The miracle draw near.
The Child Divine is born again— His love is over all—
It rests in benediction on The cattle in the stall!	0
—Nina M>ore Jamivjon.
row on
One pint grape juice, 1 pint water, 6 egg yolks, Vz pound sugar, 1/3 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 6 egg whites.
Bring grape juice and water to boil. Beat egg yolk* well and add sugar and nutmeg. Beat egg whites to a froth and stir Into egg-yolk mixture, boiling grapejuicc and water high above bowl and pour slowly into eggs, stirring constantly. Pour this mixture from one pitcher to another until thoroughly mixed, cold.
ia widely
Hold
m
A
Serve hot oi
Plum Porridge

X
SPICED TEA
Six teaspoons black tea leaves, 6 cups boiling water, u slices lemon, 8 teaspoons whole cloves, 6 sticks of cinnamon, sugar to taste.
Use 6 glasses. In bottom of each glass place sugar and a slice of lemon studded with cloves. In a tea kettle, pour boiling water over the tea leaves and stand for 5 minutes. Then pour the hot strong tea Into glasses and stir with cinnamon stick.
mr-
The original plum - pudding
was known as "plum porridge.
always the fini eomne
at #&e Christmas dinner.
Plum porridge had the place of honor at the Yuletide bangnst of Qforgo m. imagine Farmer Oerors (to dieh appealing ta thi palate, for R was compoundod ct boiled beef or mutton, brown bread, raisins, currants, pranas, mace, and ginger broad.
rx
i
H
b
If,
/ t
and downwards between
» n >
’¦ faro»-
m
\
yi
\


X.
bird is fairly
If the
>xj

###PAGE###3###
:
1
loud voices, heavy smoke and the unmistakable odor of liquor, A .three-piece orchestra pi a y e <1 swing at one end of the room. The men and women sitting at the tables were as strange to Anne as the guests at her uncle’s club had been strange to Tony. She was uncomfortable and u little frightened, and hoped Tony would hurry.
They would have to wait a few he explained, and, i
For BETTER desserfs
e SERIAL STORY
‘Reap Divorces
Like Asparagus’
A
FLYING CO ED
Divorces in New Brunswick are being “worked as a racket,” Chief Justice J. B. M. Baxter said at Fredericton recently, while presiding in the New Brunswick Court of Divorce and Matrimonial Cause.;. More than thirty cases, the largest number yet scheduled for one sitting, were on the docket when the court’s October term opened.
‘Several solicitors are going about the Province reaping divorces like a field of asparagus,” said the Chief Justice.
COPYRIGHT. 1Si*>. NEA 1ERVICC. INft
BY MARY KINNAVEY MOORE
fô
He’d show them someday, he pro-msed himself. Someday, when he was Anne’s husband.
CAST OF CHARACTERS
wealthy col-
Cornjj^W
Ab ne Norris lege student, looking for thri!'* enrolls in CAA flying course.
Georgette Parker friend. Learning to fly is a serious business with her.
The lovely red-haired girl across the table from him was also conscious of the curious glances of the other diners. Throughout the meal, she had been trying to persuade herself that she was not embarrassed by them. A stubborn anger colored her cheeks.
PROMISE NOT TO SEE HIM
minutes
little reluctantly, she sat down at cnc of the tables.
Anne's
030
r
“Hi, Tony
Anne turned and saw a slender, pretty, blond girl, in a cheap taffeta evening dress standing by the table.
“Hello, Clarice.” Tony’s cheeks had reddened a little. “Miss; Norris — Miss Lane. Clarice runs the dice game here/’ he added, in explanation. The blond girl barely acknowledged the introduction, devoting her attention to Tony.
“Where have you been, anyway? I thought you were going to call me up last week.”
“I was busy,” Tony said curt-
college playboy,
Tony Scott son of a gangster, envies Annr’j
social position.
Captain Dick Douglas structor of Vhe student flying course at Midland University.
in-
Table Talks
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
• Tony, I just can’t see you again for a while.”
“What do you mean
His voice was steady.
Anne takes her first training flight. Patiently and carefully, Dick explains fundamentals of piloting a ship, dangers to watch, certain precautions that must be observed. Meeting Georgette after the lesson. Anne promises pilot or bust!”
Last Week
a
THE SEASON’S GREETINGS TO ALU
Heat Expense Is Reducible
while
After all, he had been expecting something like this.
“Well
year. Vve—promised.”
He lifted an eyebrow. “I sec. I'm sorry, Anne. I’d had an idea I was — important to you guess I was wrong."
“Of course, you’re important to me. Don’t you sec, Tony? I’ve promised my uncle
9”
CHRISTMAS DINNER
until the end of the
Grapefruit and Grape Juice Cocktail Boast Turkey, Savoury Dressing. Giblet Gravy
Scalloped Sweet Potatoes
Size of Fuel Bill Lowered by Proper Care of System
“I’ll be •
Creamy Mashed Potatoes
I
Cranberry Sauce Carrot and Celery Salad Parker House Rolls
ly
With the relentless harrying of winter, home owners again find themselves facing the climate
CHAPTER VI
There was laughter and tbb sound of guy voices in the softly lighted dining joom of one of the city’s exclusive clubs. The general air wus one of secure and quiit dignity.
Hut it was not a comfortable atmosphere f< r Tony Scott, dining with Anne Norris. He reminded himself furiously this wa just the type of place he hoped to enter through his marriage with her. He was here now, as her gue t, but he didn’t like. it. He had an uncomfortable- feeling that people were staring at him and whispering.
“Never knew you to be that busy before,” Clarice said, laughing shrilly. She laid her hand on Tony’s arm, familiarly.
A sudden wave of revulsion came over Anne. More than anything in the world, she wanted to get out of the Villa Aloha, away from Tony, back to the security of the college.
(To Be Continued;
my guardI wouldn’t sec you again until school closes in June. Having dinner with you tonight U the last date until then. 1 had to see you once more—to explain.”
“And—after school closes?”
“Then—” She lifted her hands
Butterscotch Sauce
Plum Pudding
bill
mu
Coffee
There are several effective ways of reducing winter heating costs, the Plumbing and Heating Industries Bureau advises.
Increasing the efficiency of the heating plant, eliminating the possibilities of heat losses from the house, lowering the comfort zone temperature range, and better control of combustion are among the most important methods of effecting the desired
Salted Almonds
Fudge
Crapes

for her
suggestions on topic» column, and is even ready to lis
\


ten to your “pet peeves ” R quests for recipes or special menus are in order. Address your letters to “Miss Sadie B. Chem-
in a lovely gesture.
He nodded. This was another of those times, he told himself, when seeming to agree would win him success later, later that very evening, in fact. W hen Anne bad suggested they dine at her uncl’s club, he had readily assented

COSY PYJAMAS
For Cold Winter Nights
2563 ]
SIZES 12 to£G(
73 West Adelaide Street,
ers,
Toronto.” Send stamped, self" addressed envelope if you wish
O
economy
is?
KEEP PLANT CLEAN For efficient operation, boilers and furnaces must be clean and free from accumulations of oil, sludge, scale and sediment. Every heating plant, new or old, requires at least one thorough cleaning a year, after which i: may readily be kept in good condition with little effort or ex-
•>
because he had his plans for the remainder of the evening.
“I wouldn’t want you to go against your guardian’s wishes,” he told her. With a sudden smile, he added: “After all, it isn’t long until June.”
She flashed him a grateful glance. “I’d hoped you’d understand.”
“I’ll miss you terribly,” he said softly. “But I’d wait forever for you.”
SOMETHING ELSE HE WANTED
• reply
*

own
Grapefruit and Grape Juice Cocktail
Peel grapefruit, break in quarters removing all white membrane. Them cut in uniform pieces, sprinkle with fruit., sugar and a little chopped candied ginger. Set away to cool. When ready to serve, place in sherbet glasses and cover with grape-juice. One good sized grapefruit should serve 3.
Scalloped Sweet Potatoes
Bake sweet potatoes, being sure to prick skins with fork before placing in oven. When well baked remove from oven, removing skins, placing sweet potato in bowl. Maab adding butter, salt and pepper and
1 table#; each cup of potato. In buttered casserole place one layer of potato and then one layer of marshmallows
marshmallow until dish is three-quarter# full, placing a layer of marshmallows on top.
Grated Carrot and Celery Salad
#»
Girl Weds Redskin
o
TIPTOE...
TONIGHT!
Walking Sky, 24, son of Poking Fire, Chief of the Caughna-waga Mohawk reservation, ha# married a whit# girl, aged IS. The ceremony at a Catholie church was preceded by a traditional Red Indian tribal celebration.
r


X


pense
ms
INCREASED EFFICIENCY
While some plants may only need a thorough cleaning and checking of the controls, burners, oil supply line, grates and smoke pipe, others may be in need of a new boiler or additional radiation. There are cases in which home owners cannot afford not to have a new boiler installed. New boilers built especially for the combustion of either oil, gas or stoker-fed coal may effect economies vf as much as 33 1-3 per cent.
The circulation of gravity hot water can b# speeded/ up by pumps and new air valves will improve the operation of steam heating plants.





He looked appreciatively at her, his calculating glance taking in her creamy skin, and the way her coppery curls barely touched her smooth shoulders, admiring the perfection of her pale green chiffon dinner dre«. But neither Anne Norris’s beauty nor her charm were his only interests in her. He knew plenty of beautiful girh. Too many, in fact. Anne was the means of getting something else that he wanted.
He noticed a couple at a nearby table glancing at him curious, ly. Again he felt angry and uncomfortable.
“Come on, Anne, let’s get out of here!” He started to say “These high-ha* think they're the only people on earth,” and caught himself just in time. That wasn't the thing to say to Anne. “I want you all to myself our last date for a long while.”
She drew her white evening wrap around her and rose, feeling a sudden relief at going beyond the reach of staring, questioning eyes.

w

m


.y


4
y/.
a of brown sugar to
«

•mill
11
y

¦
mm
Alternate potato and
49
I
*###,
v#«
»
m
¦
»

k
• 9$
v.

ti
i®

m
Grated carrots

X

üü
Chopped celery Chopped stuffed olives To every cup of grated carrot add 1 tablespoon chopped olive#. Add to the above preparations one-half cup thick salad dressing. Serve shredded lettuce and decorate pimento.

! Cocl lias bie* .< u you with a little child, tiptoe to the bed-side tonight. Study the expression on the little face. See the fleeting flicker < a smile of content . mence
the protective care of sympathetic, loving parents.
Such contcnluv.ut to. ,vj to children only when they are warm, well-fed and free from the ailments and misfortunes which harass so many.
But there me other le--» fortunate little ones and it h for these that wc appeal
Each >car the Hospital for Sick Children provide! medical attention and hospital care for thousands of children . . . last year 9.030 occupied t nts In the Hospital and 70.41Otrc.it-'•'ents and examinations were giver in the Out-Patient Department.
Most of these youngsters are from the homes of parents unable to pay 1er proper medical and hospital attention. They are treated in ouf Public Wards, where the average cost per child per day is $1.00 MORE than the revenue received from Government and Municipalities plus all payments made by parent'-vho can afford to pay.
Thus wc render efficient hospital service, yet do it below cost and that i* why xve must ask generous citizens to help make up an unavoidable deficit each year.
Won’t you please send a donation to help us ill this great crusade . . n this fight to provide sick and crippled children with a fair chance or a healthy and happy future'
Mm

y
Common-sense Helps Beauty
•M
Z
and con-Ltttle ones s**use safety m
ÛG
¦i
3g#
>>:
oa

Water Is One of the Best Aids To Your Complexion
Butterscotch Sauce
Having had several requests for Butterscotch Sauce of two years ago, I give it as your pudding sauce.
Makes 1% cups.
% cup white corn syrup,-l1,4 cups medium brown sugar, % cup water, 4 tablespoons butter, % teaspoon vanilla, 6 tablespoons heavy cream.
Boil the first four ingredients until sauce reaches heavy syrup consistency. Cool. Add vanilla and cream. If consistency is a little too heavy add more cream.
0.1
@0
BY LOUISE LENNOX
Warm, comfortable pyjamas can he smart looking, too. This attractive style has all any one could want hi chic and good cut. The loose fitting jacket can be worn tucked in, if you wish and the collar buttoned high under the chin.
Flannelette is the season’s most jKipulai* fabric for such practical night wear, and you van choose from mauy lovely colors and pretty printed designs. Silk or cotton also
make lovely pyjamas.
Style No. 25ti3 is designed for size* 12, 14, lti, IS and 20 years. Size tti requires 5% yards of 39-inch fabric.
Send TWENTY (’ENTS (20c) (Coin is preferred) for PATTERN to Louise Lennox, Room 421. 73 West Adelaide St. Toronto. Write plainly your Name, Address and Style Number. R* sure to state size you wish.
There’s much common-sense fco beauty. Personally we will give loud hurrahs to creams, and when persistingly used they do bring
results.
However, there are times when we need special jobs done to our faces and few of us can afford regular salon treatments over a period. But that's no reason why we should simply throw up our hands and bemoan the state of our purses.
If your skin seems lifeless and muddy, just on general principles, why not try an orange and grapefruit diet for one day a week.
If you need a little bleaching, try the lowly cucumber. Press the juice from the cucumber, pat on your skin and allow to remain for fifteen or twenty minutes. Repeat for a few applications and you should get results. Lemon juice diluted in water is also a bleaching agent.
People who know good food and excellent cooking, and who appreciate skilful, courteous service, say: “want to eat well?) Then go to the Mount Royal !” The Mount Royal Hotel table compares favourably with that of the finest hotels in the world.
Come to the
Rain was beginning to fall as Tony’s sleek, fast car drove away from the club.
“Maybe we’d better go straight back to the college,” Anne suggested. “It’s going to storm.” “Okay. I guess you’re right.* They drove a few mile* in the direction of the Midland campus, then suddenly the car slowed.
“Anne, let’s go by the Post road. There’s a fellow out there I want to see about h boat I’m
it won’t take but a
Plum Pudding
1% cups flour, ft teaspoon salt, % teaspoon each of allspice, nutmeg, cinnamon, 1 cup stale bread crumbs, 1 cup brown sugar, 3 eggs, 1 cup seeded raisins, % cup each of chopped figs, dates and of currants, 1 cup chopped mixed peel, 1 cup chopped suet, grated rind of 1 lemon, Vg cup grape juice.
Combine ingredients, turn into buttered moulds or mould. Cover; leave space to expand % its volume. Steam for 5 hours.
buying minute.”
“All right. It's early, anyway.”
They drove out the Post rod, talking idly cf the boat Tony meant to buy. At last he stopped the car before a low, brilliantly-lighted -building. Staring out the car window, Anne recognized it as the Villa Oloha, one of the raodhouses forbidden to college students.
“Come on with me, Anne. It’s too wet for you to wait in the
!
IMPORTANT!

DRINK PLENTY OF IT And foremost among all common sense beauty aids is water— good, old. tap water. Drink plenty of it. If you aren't a water imbiber make it your business to drink at least two quarts a day for just one week and you can guarantee your skin will improve. Water is especially necessary if you Have any signs of an acne condition—whether actual eruptions, blemishes or simply blackheads.

Tlii» hospital does NOT share In the lUiidF collected hy the Toronto federation for Community Service because Patients arc served from all over Ontario.
The Gift of ALADDIN,
brings Everybody *Joy.
Miss Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive
MONTREAL

: W
we
DIRECTION VERNON G. CARDY
HOSPITAL SICK CHILDREN
FOR
THF

cai
1 don't
x She shook her head want to break school rules, Tony.”
“Oh, come on—it isn’t as "f you were going in to spend the
Anyway, no one will
manager
%
AN IDEAL XMAS GIFT!
o°
67 COLLEGE STREET TORONTO, ONTARIO
20% Greater Power, with Power Tansformer
evening
The
Why nut "chip toaelher” and bu> an Aladdin for the how* Vi give it to mother or dad. Mow their dear eyes will shine with appreciation And how often they'll remember your Kill as they enjoy modern Unlit and eye strain is lessened.
recognize won't It*: any college people in.”
She hesitated a mi ment. It was true it was a little different «> in for a moment with Tony, who was there on b usines was, she hoped, just as true that no one would recognize her. And she had always been curious to see inside the place. Still—
“No, Tony I’d better.”
you
*
IVhcir No Child Knock* in
i
Polar Bear Really
Doesn’t Like Cold M
I*
donateJ free by thtx ncirspap n
i Spat
Costs So Little to Operate
/
go
y
ONLY
Aladdin reive* modern white light Unsurpassed by rl«H tricity for steadiness and quality Burns only 6% oil and V4% ail Economical. eafr. dependable. One gallon of kerosene gives SO hours of beautiful white, room-filling light!
It
/
The polar bear does not like cold weather, Edward W. Clark of the Monta in Zoo
Springs» reports
it is the better the polar beat’s like it if they have plenty of water, Clark says.	*
I
I
Colorado
CiuinleeleA \\
ALADDIN DEALER HAS NEW MODELS
I
ü
The warmer
1 don't think


i
Visit your dealer, and see the beautiful new Aladdin* and the colrwful shades. If you don t know him. write and we'll s nd his name, our newest folder of Aladdin lamps and shades I and BREL THIAL OFFER
Mantle Lame Company
Slow Burning
‘Vr
t
CIGARETTE PAPERS

don’t be seared. V
44 Anne one will bite you!”
V
0

NONf FINI* MAPI
1041 >111111 I
9
double tu,i°otSlc
That decided hei ped her cape tightly about ' and ran 'the few steps thi the rain to the door.
The Villa Aloha was a tawu \ place, too bright, too filled with
She wia
5-Tuba Bakelite Model
ROGERS — DEFOREST
OR MAJESTIC RADIO DEALER
5
“If der Deop le don’t stop dU t worldwide monkey business, we'll I soon all bo back in der trees '
—Lew Lehr.
SEE

Aladdin
YOUR
NEAREST
ISSUE 51—40


i
###PAGE###4###
'GQaODD!
a£2QGE3B5QQGG

I/I
981
‘ASMS /1/Wi/jZ
Equal to Stradivari
After eight years of research i:. his Harvard university physics laboratory, Dr. Frederick A. Saunders decided that a good American violin costing no more than $200 was the equal in tonal quality of a $50,000 instrument made two centuries ago by Antonio Stradivari. Recently he decided to test his theory before an audience of 170—including musicians and music critics—at the Franklin Institute of Philadelphia.
Behind a screen, a violinist played a violin made in Philadelphia a few months ago, another made in Germany a few years ago and a third, made by Stradivari, 200 years ago. Of the 170 listeners, only 47 picVed out the Stradivarius.
Concluded Dr. Saunders fine old instruments—the Strads and the Guarnarii—require only half as much work to produce a good tone. They are, therefore, more responsive-important to players working at the limit of their abilities. But for the listener, there is no difference."
THE EQUITY
X
X
Hodgins Garage
X
\


SHAWVILLE, DEC. 26th. 1940
B
*1


%
Food Problem Research
The reduced production of milk, eggs, and other animal products places a great strain on the constitution of domestic animals. The Urge amount of materials required by the animal body *o produce human food makes it necessary that the ration for the domestic animal contain much larger amounts of f-Kxi constituents than is the case under natural conditions where production is limited. A balance must always be preserved between the ability of the animal to consume rough foods that are turned into human f >ods, and its disposition tp remain in normal health and to produce economically. This raises research problems that require the utmost skill on the part of the Dominion Department of Agriculture scientists in animal hnsbandry and chemistry,
i
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service

Chevrolet
Sales
/
1
X
;
i
—1

w
yst

\
\
- a
X
M
X
X
X
X
m
X
X

5
X

.. (Stortings ..
FOR SALE
‘‘The
The Christmas Season gives us an opportunity to say how much we appreciate the happy relations long enjoyed in this industry,
To all our friends we say “ A Merry Christmas and a Happy and Prosperous New Year.”
ELECTRIC MOTOR
Parkinson Electric Motor, 35 h. p.» 3 phase, r. p m
and two transformers, The above motor is in perfect condition and will be sold at a bargain
we have
1,100, 550 volt, starting compensator,
RENFREW WASHING MACHINE
Renfrew Washing Machine, hand operated, including clothes wringer.
CLYDESDALE COLTS
Pair of Clydesdale Geldings, two and three years old, well matched, will be very heavy.
Powerful Antiseptic
A small amount of chlorine concentration—100 parts per million wa-Under war-time conditions it is more I ter—will lessen to a great degree than ever advisable that farmers do the bacteria germ left on utensils in everything possible to try and keep both the home and public restau-down their costs of production, observes rants, according to a bactériologie H. D, Mitchell, Field Husbandry Div- survey of public places recently Central Experimental Farm, Ot made.
Keep Down the Cost of Production on Farms
I
îsion, tawa.
Three of the most effective means of I are left on eating utensils in both the attaining this include the following: —- home and restaurant, despite a thor-(l) Production of the heaviest possible- ough cleaning. The report states, yields through the use of the highest however, that they can do but little quality seed of disease resistant varie- harm.
ties which have proved the best suited While many persons dislike the to the locality ; thorough preparation	taste of chlorine in water, medical
of the seed bed as well as persistent	men say that it has been proved
control of weeds, insects and plant dis-	over and over again that in the con- . . .	. .
eases to assist in contributing to higher centration form, chlorine is harm- | Use Airplanes to Locate yields ; (2) The use of modern labour- less and at the same time valuable saving farm machinery and equipment in the preventing of epidemics of to help increase the output and at the food infection, same time reduce costs. Rubber tired
machinery speeds npoperations and en-1 Witch Doctors Still ables more land to be farmed. 1 Co operative ownership of expensive ma
cbincry is One way of keeping down I Natives of the Belgian Congo num- I £a2° s
costs ; (3l Increasing the size of the	ber close to 11,000,000. There are	chnudt made	many	such	flights	in
farm or renting additional land. Ac-	only about 25,000 whites in the whole	îran-	where	he	was	field director	of
coridng to the latest census the average colony.	an archeological expedition. Through own home, too
farm in Eastern Canada had only	418	Here and there, the whites have	aerial observation, he explained, it	A recently invented musical ad-
acres of land in crop, of wnich 48,8	per	changed the ways of the natives,	was possible to find rich areas nev*	Janct for th,f Piano which goes under
cent was in hay. A larger cultivated put in general the old customs have	er	before penetrated—centers of an- the	name	soloyox	can do	almos
acreage would mean little or no in- been kept. There still is widespread	oient	civilization.	everything	in	the	way	of. repro	u -
crease in the amount of machinery	and	belief in magic and witch doctors.	^ ‘‘Fram ,.the air’” declared Dr.	mg harmonious and vaned pun b
equipment used, and the cost of	pro-	Beetles are burned, and their	Shmidt, we have been able to fol-	a*^?p .. *. ^. pvhnarH) to
duction would be reduced because the ashes	are placed on	teeth which	low routes followed thousands of	f 8	P	h
overhead coste would be spread over a pause	pain. This is	supposed to	h'ea1^ aS° hy caravans. We have	in<=trnmont> snlnlst	You	an
mm
bssisil
Bristol School Commissioners met on	a peach stone.	At least the traveler	^red by air, but it led to a sanctuary	n animent
the above date. Present : Chairman	thought he saw	the man get the seed	of the Assyrian empire period of	p T manner somewhat similar to
sssr0— --- Hw.x*. -, ». A-sars SStt
The minutes of last meeting were likely	the witch doctor	had the seed	Meets relating to the period.	voice can	be alternateiv	a	violin
read and on motion of Comr. Beattie in his	mouth, and used	his tongue to	“The exploration of this place,"	saxoDhone	flute horn and	so	on
were adopted.	give it a quick	push toward his nose,	said Dr. Schmidt, “gave a remark-	^The sotovox^ comolex mechanism
Motion by Comr. Graham that the 1	from which it	seemed to come.	able picture of the mixture in this	was the brain child of Laurens Ham-
Schools of this Municipality close for The witch doctor wrapped the remote place of the sophisticated As-	d inventor Q# that lack of all
the Christmas holidays on December seed in a leaf, and Simpson took it ?yrian and the rough mountain cul-	: ' % trades—the novachord
SO, and re-open on Jan. 6th, 1941.	with him into the jungle. Thai day | ures."	musical trades-the novachord.
Motion by Comr. Graham, that the | nis shooting was bad, and he did not chairman sign the necessary warrants bring down ar.y game of importance for the collection of taxes.	| in other words, the charm didn't
Motion by Comr. Beattie, that thej work following bills be approved and paid :—
J. E. Lucas, work at No 3,.
Thos, Telford, workiand supplies
at No. 4...........
Mrs. O. Cuthbertson, meals. ...
Hodgins Lumber Co„ supplies.
H. I. Smith, supplies .
The W. A. Hodgins Store, sup’ls Mrs. P. Cruickshanks, work, at
No, 5..............
P. Ballantyne, 9 cds lightw md 18 00 Notice of dissent was read from Rev.
J. Sullivan. Motion by Comr. Graham, that this notice of dissent be accepted.
A letter was read from Mr. Robert A.
Peck, Supervisor of French. No action taken.
Motion by Comr. Beattie that this Board do now adjourn.
I
It was found that many bacterias
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REC'D.
USED CARS
One 1937 Chevrolet Sedan Two 1938 Chevrolet Sedans One 1939 Chevrolet Sedan
New Instrument Provides
\
Center of Old Civilization

Musical Accompaniment
\
J. 1j. hodguvs
How the modern airplane has taken man on a flight into time—going back 6,000 years in one or two _ .	,	„ . *	~	, hours—is related by Dr. Erich F.
Exist in Belgian Congo | ^chmidt, of the University of Chi-
Oriental
\
Nine out of ten pianists—from the banging menace to the finger-ripping charmer—have wished at some point during their key-thumping careers that they had an orchestra to accompany them. Well, now they can have one. And right in their
s
,X
<
Phone 64-J.


institute. Dr
i
ESTABLISHED 1883
INVALID
COACH
GEOBGE HYNES & SON
>
Directors of Funeral Service

Bristol School Board

Shawville, Que.
Phone 8D
December 9th, 1940
Tenders Wanted
Jev Ore Testing Method Saves Cash for Miners
The small miner and desert prospector who formerly had to pay as nuch as $100 a ton for analysis of ire samples now can obtain the ame service for as little as $2 50 >y use of spectroscopic equipment similar to that installed at the Uni ffrsity of Arizona.
Although the newer method costs >ut a fraction of the former outlay, he results are just as accurate, lever varying more than 5 per cent is to quantity content. University engineers say that some elements, tard to isolate bv chemical proc-fsses, cotild be identified easily by he use of spectroscope.
The basic principle of the spectroscope is that each chemical element, when burned, has a charac-eristic color, dependent on the fre iuency of the light emanated. This ight is concentrated on a prism of 'lass. As the light strikes the pyramidal-shaped glass, it is bent md separated into its various col->rs, each color representing a specific element. By comparing the colors with a prepared chart, the îature of the ore content can be earned.	/
This spectroscopic method re-iuires only a tew fronts complete, vhèreas the older chemical system iccessitated as long as several veeks to assay ore.
Gold may be identified with a ipectroscope only if the ore runs ibout three ounces to a ton. Platt-lum metals, such as iridium, os-mum, palladium, platinum, rho-iuim and rethenium, must be ruu ibout two and a half ounces ee-ore they can be recognized.
Presence of numerous commoner md more economically important Minerals can be determined easily >y the spectroscopic method. These netals include:	-•
Aluminum, antimony, beryllium, jtamuth, cadmium, chromium, comf1, golumbium, copper, iron lead, nagnesluttv, manganese, mercury, nolybdenum, nickel, nlobitum, tan alum, tin, titanium, tungsten, ra-iium, silver, vanadium and zinc.
There are other elements, how-•ver, which cannot be identified eadily by tbe scpevtroscope ‘bin* if these aFe argor., bromine, car* ion, chlorine. fluorine helium, by* irogen, iodine, krypto... neon, nitro-;en, oxygen, r^don, se!emurk *nd .erven.
Tenders will be received by the undersigned up to January 4th, 1941, for Cedar squares, 6x6 and 8x8, 8, 12, and 16 feet long. 25 per cent may I 6x0.

JOHN A. DEAN
Secretary Treasurer
Insulation Patriarch
The oldest form of modern mass insulation is mineral wool, which is exactly 100 years old, having been first made in Wales, England, in 1840. Some of the first railroad cars used it—the crack Twentieth Century Limited uses it today Scientific American saw the great value of it in 1887 and accurately-predicted that insulation would ! day be considered a necessity in a correctly built house. In 1937 the largest apartment development in the world—Parkchester in New York city—adopted mineral wool as an in sulation for exterior brick walls, es tabl^hing a new use based on a calculated fuel saving of $40,000 a year. Enough mineral wool is used annually to insulate every home in Atlanta, Seattle, Kansas City or BuTalc.
Juvenile Laws Criticized
Despite a steady trend toward I nore liberal procedures in dealing s* ' vith juvenile delinquents, legal execution of children is still possible n; I n many states, according to Gil-3 I iert Cor.sulich of New York, legal research assistant of the National Probation association icc:ares thnt the death penalty has ovc-i pro. ed a deterrent to delin uercy or crime. Socialized and preventive methods, he says, were far ..are effective than harsh and Ifruta!
When a !ad;> gels her dress back | . .inishments. Terming laws permit-from the cleaners, and finds—she I ing the execution of juveniles to says—that it has shrunk three ;e relics of the day of the thumb inches, she's mad. And when she >crew, the rack and the faggot, goes to the cleaner and asks him to "onsulich said:	“In 18 states, cor-
pay for it. he's mad. And the first ain felonies, including capital thing you know, half the population .rimes, are excluded from the jurists mod with the other ha’f ar.d the I diction of the juvenile courts. Il 19 country is ripe for a revolution I Jtates, the law gives the adult courts But this won’t happen any more I concurrent jurisdiction over chil-:f the invention of a Seattle man I dren, usually in the older age clicks. W. R. Frentzel has invented I groups. In 31 states, Alaska and a machine which will restore mi- I the District of Columbia, juvenile iady’s dress exactly to its original courts may waive their jurisdiction carried in its hold a number of large form. And a Seattle company thinks in favor of criminal prosecution."	crates, each packed tight with bel-
lies containing discolored
This was a collection amassed over a number of years by an enthusiastic American, who claimed to have samples of water from all the big ports of the world and also of many of the lakes and inland sens. It is doubtful whether a collection of this sort can have any value, scientific or otherwise, but the man responsible was most proud of it. Queer cargoes of this type are sometimes heavily insured as this one hap.iened to be
If a witch doctor’s charm f $ 4 501 ;t docs not take away a I the !a th I uf the people in his sk.Il. They sim
Another charm was
TENDERS WANTED
---...rtr.'jfcj
For Telephone Poles and Wood
3 601 ply say $0 50 wrrk. and :t had more power the 19 59 the one usçd by our w 33 701	. . • .r
l 64	-----------
The
u ii doit
Consulich
Tenders will be received by the under signed up to Tuesday, December 10th for a supply of good brdy hardwoed 22 inches long, suitable for furnace ; also a quantity of telephone poles, 22 and 25 feet long, 7 inches at top end. Poles must be good, sound, green cedar.
Wood and poles to be delivered in Shawville by March 1st
PONTIAC RURAL TELEPHONE COMPANY, LIMITED
THOÿ. Eadks
President
New Invent!d;: Enpards,
Deflates Dresses to Fit
2 00
, 1941
H. E. Elliott Secretary
H. I. Smith Secretary
Water Sariples Ilobby
A liner on its way to America once
South Onslow Council
Raw Pure Wanted
A special meeting of the Municipal it is so good that it is ready to em Council held on above date at the usual bark on quantity production.	1 Superstitions Still Prevail
place of meeting, all inenbers having According to the inventor, no mat- I Public schools have failed to cor received due notice. Meeting called for :er what the woman’s figure, the | rect beliefs rooted in superstition, discussion of tax arrears and the selling] machine will simulate it of property at the County Sale
Members present:- Ambrose Ken
water
I wish to announce to the public that I am in theynarlcet for all kinds of Seasonable Kaw Fur and assure highest market prices.
In dem- according to a study made at the mstrating the device recently, he Pennsylvania State college by Ray :laims, he ran a 14-size dress through A. Kurtz under the supervision of nedy, Mayor; and Councilors Fraser, I all the paces, from size 14 to size Dr. C C! Peters, director of re-MacKecknie, Clarke, Muldoon.	JO and back to size 12 He made it I search
Motion: Crs.ChHce, and MacKecknie, I wide across the waist—he made i?
NORMS R. HORNER Licensed Fut Dealer, Shawville, Que.
Phone, 43
Kurtz compared the knowledge of
that the following properties be listed in | narrow across the shoulders—betook I 52 adult farmers with that of 56 fut well down near the calf—and then lure farmers enrolled in agricultural an it back to the knees.	schools, he said:
Frentzel’s invention	is a	compli-	I	“In 22	questions based on super-
On	motion Crs. Muldoon the meeting I	cated assemblage of	rods,	springs	stitions,	agricultural students' arP
then adjourned.	|	ind gears with more	give	than a	I	swers were wrong just as often as
.iivver. ft can be expanded	and de	those of	the farmers. Of all.the Icing on	Planes
"vilcQ—• twist of a lever here, the I questions in the test, nine of the Airplanes passing through clouds etting of a gauge there and presto 15 most frequently missed were frequently gather coats of ice, some--the dress is not only shaped but based on superstition."	times tc the extent of half a ton.
messed in the same operation.	About two-thirds of both groups Among protective devices to prevent
Dress shops, cleaners and dyers, still believed no one should eat ice icing of airships, the most success it may concejix	I ./ho have seen the machine in op- I cream and fish together, the results ful are rubber bags that extend
I, Edgar Mhlligan, of Onslow, do I ration say that it is the biggest showed.	along the leading edges of wings and
hereby apologize to Albert Young fo hing in the women’s apparel clean- Another common observation fre- steering fins; alternately blown up any statements made by me in Quyo„ ng industry since the invention of quently missed by the students was and collapsed by a pump, they break which m'ay be detrimental to hi* char voman herself. A factory has been the statement that strong drink the sheets of ice that form on these acter.1 I1 also acknowledge that such I nstalled and soon the machines are makes one warm. Farmers were edges. The propellers are kept ice statement* Vere false and untrue.	expected to be moving along the pro- I «ess often fooled by that one.	tree by anti freeze solution slung
EDGAR MULLIGAN 1 luction line at a rapid pace.	1	,rom their ax,c-	1
Property and Business For Sale or Rent
the County tax sale:—
Lot 7 d, R6; (3 b R 6,) (4 b. R. 6) 8 a
R5
Wi
Owing to impaired health I have decided to sell or rent my business and property on Main Street, Shawville. This is a good business for a yc man. It includes the Kurd M Sales ; Frost & Wood and Cockshutt Farm Machinery ;The Waterloo Threshing Machines ; The Hart-Par Tractor and Lister Cream Genera'ors. Gasolene pumps on property. Busy terms on pro|>erty which contains four lots and twe dwelling houses.
Apply to
Jos. A Steele Sec.-Trea®.
oung
otor
NOTICE
!
0. A. HOWARD, Shawville, Que
###PAGE###5###
Tr
>T/
Subies Are Best Crop
In Alaska Farm Colony
The federally established farm ony m the Matanuska valley in Alaska has found babies are its best crop, accord.ng to Harry De Land of Palmer, who was sent here to rctice the territory to buy the col->::y*s $150,000 schoolhouse for $1
The Equity
kl
Season’s
Greetings
9
Established 1883
PUBLISHED EVERY TÎIVKHUAY AT
SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC

*

/

f

annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada .. $1 50 To United States.
I
crsn.
Transfer of the structure, erected by the Rural Rehabilitation corporation, to the territory is desired by the colony now “on its own and determined to succeed.”
De Land said 200 children have been born to the former midwest farm families since they first arrived in 1935, and that the colony’s first native-born babies will start to school next year.
Recent federal census figures shewed a valley population—colonists and others—totaling 1,444, of whom 244 live in Palmer, the colony “capital.”
The census also revealed there were 207 farms in the district of at least three acres each, producing at least $250 in field crop or live stock products per farm last year.
De Land said the valley’s most pressing legislative necessities are authorization of flood control for the town of Matanuska, and construction of the proposed short cut from Palmer to the Richardson highway to facilitate travel and to open a wider market.
2.00
• • • • •
A arrears must be paid in full before any paper is discontinue
A Merry Christmas and a Happy and Prosperous
New Year to all
W. O. COWAN, PUBLISHER
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS
248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
Lemon Is Versatile
%
%

And Extremely Useful
Versatile—that's the lemon, a first aid to the housekeeper in dozens of different ways.
Besides the delicious dishes made from this fruit and the flavor it contributes as a garnish, it has a multitude of household uses.
Lemon juice is an invaluable health asset to those who make its use a regular practice. For hair and complexion it is one of milady's foremost beauty aids.
Do you make the most of lemon to bring out flavor in other foods? A plate of lemon quarters may very well take its place on the table along with the salt and pepper shakers.
%
>

L

2S25252525325252525B52555325Z5MaS5525252525252525252525252S2525252525
*!
WS25

4
m.

a
a
. f
a

I
a
*
a
!
i
\
/?</
A
f
!/
H

/



The Russian custom of serving lemon with tea is now universally accepted. Since many guests prefer lemon with this beverage, the thoughtful hostess will always include a plate of lemon slices and quarters.
Cloves may be inserted in the lemon for a decorative touch. Iced tea, in particular, calls for generous additions of lemon.
And, believe it or not, there’s nothing like lemon juice to bring out the full flavor of melon.
Fresh fruits, such as bananas, apples, avocados, peaches and pears, used for salads, may be kept light in color and are improved in flavor by covering or sprinkling with lemon juice.
Add a little lemon juice to water in » which lettuce or other salad greens are freshened. It will revv*c and crisp them.
Marks Hand to Remember
Many a witness has been known to have difficulty differentiating the right hand from the left under abrupt questioning of a cross-examining lawyer.
Petite Miss Mary Hicks took no chances on being confused in that regard when she prepared to testify cn the witness stand before Superior Judge J. T. Ronald in Seattle.
She took a fountain pen and carefully marked on the back of her left hand the word “left” and similarly rked the back of her right hand v.th a proper identifying term for chat side.
Thus fortified, she took the witness r.d and breezed right along in ' testimony with np difficulty atever in telling that it was the ’.eft side, toward which her host swung his automobile when he tried to avoid % a craokup on the Naches Pass highway.
Miss Hicks, 20, explained that she, like many persons, cannot always remember instantly which is her right and which is hep left and that inking the backs of her hands was simply a little precaution to prevent embarrassment on the witness stand.	:
to

Greetings !
i

lirr

^ i L_
WE wish to thank our friends fur the confidence they have placed in us during 1490, and we hope that we may have the pleasure of serving you in 1941.
May you have a right Merry Christmas and a Bright and Prosperous New Year.
/ u'ill honor Christmas in my heart cr.d try to keep it all the year
# *
;
This should be particularly applicable in these discordant times, and, it seems to me that many of our customers must be imbued with the same thought, for, there is one thing we prize more than anything , , . our relationship with you
t . . the Goodwill you have shown us 365 days in the year !
So, at this Season of Goodwill, we want to express our appreciation of this generous attitude on your part, and wish for you and yours, where-ever you may be and under whatever circumstances you are, IA Right Joyous Christmas
and a Happy New Year. •- •
* .
Sincerely< yours, - •’	;?
c
cr
Royce Prendergast
Tinsmith and Plumber
Quebec
*
Shawville
Nursery School for Dei :
Set Up in North Carolina
2525252525252
îHSZ5E525Z5E52S2SHSH5H5E5E5H525c5c5H5
A nursery school for deer, holding classes from June to October, has been established in the 100,000-acre Pisgah National Forest Game -refuge, about 30 miles from Asheville, N. C.
The fawn station was set up because this national forest is overstocked .with Virginia wbite-tailed deer, and they had foraged tree seedlings until forest growth was endangered
men segregate the newborn fawns and raise them “by hand" until they are old enough to be returned to the wilds.
' The course of the newborn fawn’s life in ihfi plant is as carefully supervised as that of the baby in maternity hospital. Each little fawn has its own chart, which records periodically its weight, temperature and general condition. It is fed from an ordinary baby bottle with rubber nipple.
| In addition to thinning out the deer by the fawn-farm method, the •five or six thousand deer on the (Pisgah game preserve is further diminished through the use of 160 deer traps. Placed by the roadside to facilitate the transportation of the | adult deer by truck these apple-baïïed
1727X717j7â7â71
Izrztz
The Hodgins Lumber Go.
Titanium Extensive Product
Titanium, widely used in paint manufacture, was first discovered as an element by an English amateur chemist about the time Washington was elected President. Geologists estimate that a hundred million billion tons of titanium in the form of its compounds are scattered throughout the upper 10 miles of the earth’s surface crust. It is even more common than coal, copper, lead and zpic, but instead of accu mulating in occasional rich depos its, it is spread quite evenly through the ground, making the mining of it more difficult. The larger sources of titanium ore are: a red crystalline rock—kno^n 35 ruHle—which occurs principally in Canada, Àuslra lia and Norway; ilmenite—a min eral type of sand washed up on the shores of India and found also ir a massive rock deposit in Norway, and the nelsonite obtained in Nelsot jaunty, Virginia
'J
WANTED
Now forest service
All kinds of SAW LOGS

N
X
To be delivered or left at roadside for
truck haul.
x
Phone 27
X
THE HODGINS LUMBER COMPANY. I
Shawville,	-	Quebec E

to other homes, humane traps capture the animals uninjured. @
i
C—

Blind Spot Discovery
.% French clergyman, Marriott ^covered the blind spot in the hu ‘tan eye. Pursuing studies in anat-my in the Seventeenth century, he isected animal eyes and, noting the pot where the optic nerve enters t the back of the eye, thought that tsion should be sharpest at that oint. Experiments disclosed that opposite was true, and that there ; no sight at that spot on the eye’s ; Lina- MsîTîoüe was invited by .narles IJ of France to demonstrate ,s remarkable discovery. He placed wo courtiers of the same staturt *efore the king. Charles looked a ue left-hand man with the righ: 'ye and because of the eye's blin. .jot, saw the right hard man 1 >ut a head.
$
%222BOQn%
z I y izviziziziyi/iy. i >v i z
/iZizrzizizizizizzizizizi/'i/izizizixiziz'zi.'izviziziziziziz
? V
Salesgirls in Bombay
Girls are replacing men in business houses in Bombay. India, and it is not due to var conditions. Business me ) have discovered that sales girl* are more pn% i
f the salts girl.» such that they lave increased oy nearlv 50 pei
cent in p
MacLean’s
fft «r # i vH'.rient and - Ted popularity
i
RED & WHITE STORE

u:
>•^0 •
• #
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves

j^OMPLIMENTS
OF
pOODBYE 1^0 !
^/BECOME 1^1 !
@/ev
Solving Weather Mysteries
Commander Francis Wilton Rei* ihelderfer, chief of the United States weather bureau, visualizes an expanded service which will take more of the mystery out of the weather's antics. He doubts that many people know just how brave a man the forecaster is when he steps up to a surface weather map and makes a forecast for tomorrow. “The weather forecaster’s diagnosis must be based to a large extent upon the surface weather map,” he went on, “and this map gives comparatively meager information on the atmospheric conditions at higher altitudes where most of our weather is produced. Lacking a fixed network of airways stations over the oceans, we must rely upon weather observations from surface vessels for the ocean weather . ment of the service will require an increase in the number of reporting ships and in the frequency of reports by radio from two to four
felly.” bs decided.
The ?
In appreciation of our Pleasant Business Relations we value this opportunity of wishing you The Season Greetings
EASON
As 1940 makes its last bow, we wish to express our appreciation of the goodwill extended to us throughout the year by our friends, curtain rises on a new twelve months of fastchanging events we wish to say “Thank You” with the hope that 1941 will bring cheer and happiness.

As the
For the New Year we wish for you and your families. Health. Happiness and Prosperity and the fulfilment of your longing for Victory
and Abiding Peace,
H. IMISON
PHOTO ARTIST
THE CORNER STORE
0. H. MacLean
but improve-
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and CentreSts
SHAWVILLE
QUE
«tse
###PAGE###6###
the Government, two apparent kinds of trout, the original natives and the introduced stock. So far as is known at present these slight differences do not persist from one generation to another, they are not inheritable. The planted fish will gradually become like the natives and the natives would change to look like the planted fish if they were transferred to the Great Lakes.
SEND YOURS TO US So when you are fishing in the back lakes and you get lake trout or brook trout unlike these that you know from other lakes, remember that it is the water, the food and other factors that have made them different. Our scientists engaged in the studies of the fisheries are interested in these varieties and if you want to do your part in helping along the work, donate one or two of your catch to the Royal Ontario Museum of Zoology. Bring them in catch them, not cleaned,
Bright Paints For Factories
Doesn’t the World Champion Rate a Kiss?
I
SIRIUS REPORT : TWO PLANS
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON


»
!
i
Eye-Strain It Reduced and Production Increased, Manufacturer Says
\
«


The Royal Commission on Dominion • Provincial Relations
Has Made Two Sets of Recommendations Which Will Be Discussed at January Conference (No. 2)
January 14th, 1941 may he a date all the grandchildren may be learning in their school books. For it is on that date that the Dominion and the different provinces meet in Ottawa to discuss putting into effect the Report of the Rowell-Strois Commission. And on the success or failure of that conference depend many things—(1) Canada’s help in stopping the Nazi Invader, (2) its unity itself, (3) the progress of the country.
The Report consists of 32 volumes. Three of the volumes contain the report itself. The others are on subjects in connection with

fKx’
*
LESSON XII
SHARING THE SHEPHERDS' JOY Christmas Lesson) Luke 2 : 8-20. GOLDEN TEXT.—
Glory to God in the highest,
And on earth peace, good will toward men.
4*
“The time is coming when factories will ho nil painted In bright colors,” Arthur Pinard, Toronto paint manufacturer, told members of the Chatham Kiwanls Club In a recent address. Mr. Pinard used as Iiis theme '‘The Manufacture and Uses of Paint.”
“It has been found that dark colors in a factory tend to slow up production by making employees dull, and causing eyestrain,” Mr. Pinard said. “When brighter colors were used, this was remedied • great deal.”
DARK COLORS DEPRESS
Mr. Pltmrd outlined how the manufacture of paint ha . developed and of the many uses that may he made of It. He stated that paint Is a good disease preventive Is that bacteria cannot grow on a painted surface.
LV / -.


w

z
i
Luke 2 : 14.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—Winter, 4 to 5 B.C.
Place.—Bethlehem, from five to six miles south of Jerusalem.
In reading this lesson we will want to give serious consideration to the meaning of this message of peace, coming down to men from heaven, for certainly the earth has known very little peace since the Lord was horn, and hardly knows it at all today.
n

K.
T
47
1

i
/


«
as you
and with exact date and the name of the lake in which they were caught.
a report on your donation and will know exactly what you have taken.

\>
The Angel Appears
Luke 2: 8. “And there were a hep-herd# in the same country abiding lu the field, and keeping watch by night over tlieir flock. 9. And an Ail gel of the Lord stood by them, and the glory of the Lord shone round about them: and they were afraid.” The word “shepherd"
Later you will receive
It.
It took almost three years from the dale of appointment of the Commission to the time the Report was placed before the Prime Münster.
Its Reel Purpose Its real-purpose it just one—to unite Canada by bringing certain parts of its constitution relating to taxation up to date and by placing the taxes where they can best be
is
>'V
To Wed in 1941
Deanna and Fiance
I




sore	_
is used in a very rich and varied way, in both the Old and New Testaments. God himself is spoken of as a shepherd in Ps. 23 : 1; 80 : l; Ezek. 34 : 11-16. God's greatest news is revealed to humbly men. There were many great men and wealthy in Palestine; scholar» and intellect nais. But it was not to any of these that the angels came, and it was not in their ears the music sounded; the greatest news that the world ever heard was given to • of humble shepherds. They

%

\

\
m
m

King of the bovine world today is Donald Asay, 10-month-old Hereford steer weighing 1,087 pounds and crowned grand champion steer of the 1940 international live stock exposition — world s greatest stock ghow — at Chicago. He was exhibited by Evelyn Asay, 18-year-old, of Mount Carroll, 111., who is shown being kissed by her lather after winning the coveted honor.

borne.
Despite the 32 volumes, the heart of the Report is very simple. It deals with the relations between the Dominion and the provinces and between the provinces themselves, and gives answers to the problems
facing the country.
And the main points are easy to
understand. There are two plans. Plan 1 is the commission recommendation which will do a real job if accepted. Plan 2 is a stop gap.
Tho heart of the Report Is as follows. The Dominion will take over relief of all unemployed who are fit to work. The Dominion will be responsible for making direct operating cost advances to those In primary industry, that is farming and such like, when a large section of the community suffers a heavy failure. The Dominion will

K



local Agricultural Representative. It contains much valuable information.
Farm Notes ..




group mmmggm
were men of a devout aud reverent
spirit, touched -with a sense of the mystery of things. Ii it not to such simple people that God still reveals himself in amplest measure?
The Angel's Message
10. "And the angel said unto them. Be not afraid; for behold. I bring you good tidings of great joy which shall be to all the people.” The shepherds were afraid because they Knew that there was a divine presence near them. Why the message which the angel was now about to announce was one which could he characterized as of “great joy” the word “Saviour” indicates. Nothing else can bring joy to any person like redemption offered to us in Jesus Christ, delivering man from galling bondage of sin, from the fear of death, from the wrath of God. 11. “For there is born to you this day in the city of David & Saviour, who Is Christ the Lord.” Not only bad the angel come to speak to men, but he had come to spenk to them of one who was born to them, born for them. Heaven could never conceive of any other plan which could so profoundly set forth the love of God for man. and the desire of God to save man, as the sending of his Son to be born under the law and to die for “Saviour” Is a complex word. It has in it all human nature, all divine nature, all the past of history, all the possibility of prophecy, the tenderness outvying the love of women, the majesty humbling the haughtiness of kings.
12. “And this Is the sign unto you: Ye shall find a babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, and lying in a manger.” The sign was that by of which the shepherds
Feed To Requirements
In general, the Feed Board recommends feeding according to the requirements it each animal. Feed at regular hours each day and avoid sudden changes in feeding. Provide a sufficient supply of fresh water, salt and minerals.
For dairy cows in milk the Board advises one pound hay, 2 pounds roots and 2 pounds of silage for each 100 pounds of live weight or one pound hay and 3Vi pounds silage, or lVi pounds of hay and 4 pounds of roots or 2 pounds to 2Vi pounds of hay.
When it comes to meal mixtures, the Board advises the daily feed of one pound of meal mixture for
every 3 or 4 pounds of milk pro. duced daily. Recommended mixtures are to be found in the handbook. Every farmer who wants to aid Great Britain to the utmost of his ability, should have a copy of this book.
< t

- *
Feed to /ncreate Production of Milk
*
wm

i
Booklet issued by Ont. Feed Board Contains Much Valuable Information for dairy farmers.
4gc

E
1
' ? *•

With Ontario being asked to stop up the production of cheese for the food line of war time Great Britain. this increase in production In the final analysis expends on the milk flow of Ontario cows.
Farmers may or may not be getting the best results from their dairy herds these winter months. This will depend in large measure on feeding methods. The Ontario Feed Board, sponsored by the Ontario Dept, of Agriculture, has Issued a handbook of twenty pages on the Feeding and Management of Dairy Cattle which may be obtained free of charge from your
Deanna Durbin, 19, Canadian-born singing film star, is shown with hubby-to-be Vaughan Paul, 26. Their engagement was announced by Deanna's parents in Hollywood. They’ll wed next summer. They met when she made her first film in 1986.
crop
take over all the provincial debts and those guaranteed by the provinces,1'that is, all Ontario's debts as well as the relief Of those out of work who are still employable will be taken over by Ottawa.
' Ontario’s Part
And what does Ontario have to turn over in return for that help?
Personal income taxes, corporation taxes and succession duties.
That in broad outline is the basis of the recommendations ot Plan 1 which Ontario along with the other provinces will ha,ve to consider in January.
STORY WRITER
Answer t* Previous Punie	10 Tardy.
11 His real name, Charles
HORIZONTAL 1,3 Pen name of the author i of “Alice in Wonderland.”
11	To plunge in water.
12	Genus of evergreens.
14 Mass of bread
16	Kiln.
17	Student at a military academy.
18	To love excessively.
19	Beast’s home, 36 Lad.
20	Clique.
22	Afternoon meal.
23	Age.
24	English coin.
26 Stationary
point.
30 He was
by nationality. 47 To dress up.
48 To beseech.
51 He was a noted
by profession. 9 Booty.
tiUJlICIMlII-JMliMIS
aroiao iaifll:«
WMOlil IBIMIIMM HOMOIti iBMW M ¦ III! ilia 1:051
siïiiaiasa a hiomomk
yii:i snxiaxio s mzi
r.iaBiHias a y aMiami
ia om as iisiia -ai:md tiiaiii smasiBi isw aia is ayi»jM nmu
¦aiin ab iiiio .araae
iifloniBiia:»Jiowni:iiass
RUTH
13 Rodent.
15 Plume.
20	Dove’s cry.
21	Unit ol work. 23 Being.
25 Dye.
27	Blue grass.
28	Petty demon.
29	Self.
30	Before.
I 33 Order of 1 snakes.
35	Kettle.
36	To surround.
37	Fifth month.
38	Egg.
39	Tissue.
40	Compact.
41	Inclination.
42	Lock opener.
5	Apple drink. 44 To imitate.
6	Maple shrub. 45 Kind of snow
7	Explanation
'STM:
RADIO REPORTER

Saving Ontario’s Natural
Resources
By DAVE ROBBINS
us.
iences seem tb be definitely quizz-conscious—and war quizzes are particularly timely. The questions are Interesting and educational to the layman—and keep him informed on current topics.
Dial in next Wednesday night and hear M. V. Chestnut ask questions in the new war game.
* ? *
For you folks who like to tune In late dance music on your radio, you can’t do better than to dial 550 and listen to WGR—on the air each night till 1.30 (or 2.30 daylight time). Every midnight brings the Mutual chain's best bands to WGR —with such headliners as Sammy Kaye, Phil Harris. Marvin Dale, Charley Murray, Guy Lombardo, Ray Noble, Henry Jerome, Grlf Williams and Art Kassel among the band leaders. It’s really a dance treat after midnight at the Buffalo station.
ON CHRISTMAS DAY
For St. George and England! The British colony in Hollywood will honour the homeland and those defending, not only the shores of Britain, but the way of life cherished by all free men.
On Christmas Day, as on a date earlier this fall, a company of distinguished British and Canadian stage and screen stars will combine their talents to aid the Island i Fortress. The programme, under the chairmanship of Allan Mowbray, will take the form of a Christmas greeting to the people of Britain, and it will be a token of love and loyalty from the sons and daughters overseas.
The program will be heard over the whole Canadian chain, and also on the NBC.
VERTICAL
1	To dwell.
2	Opposed to odd.
37 Vocal composition.
40 White lie.
43 Class of birds. 3 Tumor.
4 Subordinate place.
By G. C. TONER, . Federation of Ontario Anglers
(No. 21)
ONTARIO LAKE TROUT
Over much of Ontario the lake trout varies slightly in each lake but not enough in any one lake for specimens frem it to be recognizable aa different from all others. This variation seems to be a matter of varying conditions; lakes with dark water will have almost black fish, clear waters will have lighter coloured trout. The food also seems to influence the colour of the body and the colour of the flesh. In lakes where the main food is insects and crayfish the trout will have red flesh and brilliant spotting; in other lakes, where they feed on herring or perch, their flesh will be white. The angler notices these differences and believes the trouts are of different kinds; actually they are the same throughout the inland lakes.
Light or Reddish Tints The Ontario Department of Game and Fisheries has planted great numbers of lake trout in our inland waters. Most of the eggs, from which the planted fry were laiscd, were taken in the Great Lakes, from trout that are light coloured and have a slight reddish tint to their flesh. So we find in many lakes, stocked by
44 Military assistants.
46 Christmas.
means
would be able to determine the truth of the message.
The Heavenly Choir 13. ' And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host, praising God, and saying. 14» Glory to God In the highest. And on earth peace, good will toward men.”
shoe.
48	3.1416.
49	Sun god.
50	Form of “a.*
31	Uncles.
32	Assembly.
34	To doze.
35	To drive.

of an action. 8 Ancient.
i
6
I
6
15. “And It came to pass, when the angels went away from them Into heaven, the shepherds said one to another, let us now go even unto Bethlehem, and see this thing that Is come to pass, which the Lord hath made known unto us. 15. And they came with haste, and found Mary and Joseph, and the babe lying in the manger. 17. And when they saw it, they made known concerning the saying which was spoken to them about this child. 18. And all that heard it wondered at the things which were spoken unto them by the shepherds.”
The Silent Mother 19. “But Mary kept all these savings, pondering them in her heart.” The rest just wondered, not ho Mary who had heard Gabriel’s annunciation. The matter went far deeper with her. involving her whole personality. 20. And the shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God for all the things that they had heard and seen, even as it spoken unto them." These

21
20
AROUND THE DIAL
A program of classics that has unusual merit is Musical Americana —heard over WHEN on Thursday nights at 11.30 (daylight). This week Instead of the usual 100-man musical group that Is a feature of this show, Raymond Paige will direct the Pittsburgh Symphony from that city. In addition. Charlie Thomas and Helen Jepson, whose voices are known to every lover of fine music, will be featured guests on the program.
124
Lw

:7
*
The CBC Music Hall show that features English variety is now heard, on Monday nights at eight. This program has plenty of zip and many laughs.
32
31
B
*
Ten million smackers
Trivia
have been set aside by radio manufacturers across the line for television research . . . Hollywood if making a picture about the R. A. F., starring Don Ameche and Henry Fonda. . . Only man in Guy Lombardo’s hand still a bachelor Is the guitarist, Francis Henry.
!
nV
4
3
A new and interesting quizz program—'What Do You Know About The War?”--is an interesting feature from CKOO every Wednesday night at eight. Today's radio aud-
Q
51
POP—The Man’s Protected, Too
By J. MILLAR WATT
I ALWAYS FEEL SAFE ZVITM A MAN
IN "THE NOUS'"
i dony	ism
see why	JBf
YOU 3M0UIPN1H1
4C

%
was
shepherds, seeing the Lord, returned with abounding Joy in their hearts and a new love for God. They leave us the example of their heavenward look and their simple faith, as In the name of humanity they saluted the Christ that was io be.
¦

f.)
L-r :
• •
f
>
i

zflJC


r
i

!
m
z

1




-JBW.	via»!-.
p|:
ay TR# fl#tl SyMI<5?#, Is*- •
u
Liners of 100,000 tons, to carry 3,000 passengers, are already being planned in the Lnitcd States, for building after the war.
&
1
- \W
M
frh\
A
• m
f-jfr.'ly J *


!
P
4)
Some fish have a decided sense In Portugal, fishermen melon to attract certain fi«h which have a sweet tooth.
Jf
of tarte.
1l-b
use

t
###PAGE###7###
?
4
i
Ontario Champions : Win First Round in Dominion Marksmen Rifle Competition
!
4
Modern
Etiquette
9
K




%

K


!
<L





4

es
i
4
BY KUBI K I A LEE
t
r

6
1.	Isn’t i-t permissible to use the spoon to test the temperature cf the coffee?
2.	What should one do when ‘ a crowd and the majority wish
to eat in a certain restaurant which you do not like?
3.	When someone says, “I am glad to have met you,” isn’t a smile in reply sufficient?
4.	Should subjects of conversation that- are likely to start intensive arguments, ever be mentioned while eating?
Is it necessary for a weekend guest to arrive exactly at tho specified by the hostess?
. Shouldn’t a hostess pay for a guest’s long.distance calls, when the charges are very small?
Answers




THAT'S EASY
m
:

\
la
V
BIG BEN!

(5T<C
«
/

3
/

i
?
z



»
»
tJ!
t I
I
*
1 r*

*
/The PERFECT Chewing Tobac
i i

¦”
1. Yes; this U far better than burning the mouth, or perhaps sputtering out the liquid, after tasting it, the spoon should be left in the saucer, and the coffee drunk. 2. Abide by the wishes of the majority, without ar-
3. No. One should at
4. No,
1 ostmg the outstanding score of 1500 out of a possible 1500 points, this team from the Levafk , ,,vatk; , ^7 ^aged a closely fought battle for the Ontario title against the Brant Revolver • Çifle J iub, Brantford, Ont., in the first round of the fourth annual Dominion Marksmen .22 Sporting Rule Championship Competition. A record entry of 1,533 markesmen competed on a total of 219 teams from all over 1 anada, which made this one of the largest rifle matches ever held in this country. The Ontario shooters were competing last week against the other eight provincial titleholders for the Dominion Marksmen Challenge Shield and national title and the result* of the national finals will be announced b fore the end of ’he year. The personnel and individual scores of the team, which out shot 40 other Ontario teams for the title, are as follows: Standing, left to right — W. Humphries (spare), 300; V. Kitzei,
S?°.; &	/MO:	J*- Magellan (spare), 295; seated, left to right — P. Graham, 300; Mrs. W. Hum-
phries, 300; and L. Hatch, 300.
affection late in the autumn he or she will likely whoop it up all winter. The danger of such complications as acute bronchitis and pneumonia is rather common.
What’s the sense of incurring all this trouble and danger when whooping cough may readily be prevented?
By the timely use of toxoid for the annual brood of babies has all but wiped out diphtheria. Immunization against whooping cough will do the same for that disease.
The vaccine against whooping cough is generally provided free by municipalities. It is provided in sealed bottles. .A dose is given at three-week intervals for three doses, during the first year of life. There are no unpleasant reactions.
of health in Canada should at on:e put on a campaign against whooping cough.
But
? #
EflLTH TOPICS

11
f-
guing.
least say, “Thank you.” nor following the meal either, if it can possibly be avoided. 5. Yes. He should be neither early nor late in his arrival. 6. Never; not even if twenty-five cents.
Whooping Cough Very Danger out
how to keep a husband when they all knew that the surest way was to look like Myr-na Loy.

How Can I? I
What Science; Is Doing
The Toronto Star has performed a public duty in calling attention to the fatality of whooping cough and the means whereby this affection, like that of diphtheria, may be conquered, writes Dr. John W. S. McCullough of the Health League of Canada.
The great danger in whooping cough is in the years tinder five, and in the years 1933-39, according to Dr. Gordon P. Jackson, the Medical Officer of Health of Toronto, the city has 5529 cases under this age. In the same period there were 4500 cases in the 5 to 14 year group.
It is not in Toronto alone that whooping cough is a menace to small children. In Canada generally the death rate is higher (1938) than diphtheria; 4.4 as compared with 3.9.
Vaccine Prevents It
Whooping cough is one of the most disagreeable diseases of childhood. If a child acquires the
i
i
t Toper’s Nose Not 4 Caused By Drink
BY ANNE ASHLEY
!
“So you put in a telephone again?” asked the inquiring sou).
“Yes,” nodded the old-time i. “My wife mays the radio’s all right for national events, but there's nothing like a party line for local news.”
!
Q. How can I prevent buttonholes from becoming frayed and unsightly?
A. Overcast the buttonhole around the edges before working; then work closely in the usual manner. The neat result will repay one for the extra work.
Q. How can I tie a parcel package securely?
A. Tie the package that is to be sent by parcel post two or three times, and with separate pieces of cord. Then tie knots where the cord crosses. If this
EXPERIMENTS WITH “COLD”
THERAPY
Ctymotherapy, or cold treatment, recently dramatized by its use in cancer cases, promises to broaden into a great new realm •f research which may solve some •f the principal puzzles of basic life processes and produce treatments for many types of diseases, À new approach is being made to the problems involved by study •f the relationship between conditions existing In the refrigerated atate of a body under treatment and the somewhat similar atate of natural hibernation in which animals remain for periods long as 18 months. Animals' bodies already have been made Immune to poisons and to disease germs in experiments in which they were subjected to low temperatures for long periods.
Acne Rosacea, Not Alcohol, Often Responsible For Brilliant Red Noses
Every medical officer
Village Loafer: Boy, what are you doing in this blacksmith shop? Shoeing bore-
os?
Acne rosacea, and not liquor, often can be blamed for “toper’s nose," Dr. Samuel Ayres, Jr., of the University of Southern California dermatology department told the Omaha Midwest Clinical Society.
Boy: No, sir, I shoo flies.
Canadian National Railways Revenues
Little Polly on a visit to her aunt was offered some left-over fragments of the Sunday dinner.
declined them politely. “Why, Polly, don’t you like turkey?” inquired her aunt.
“Only when it’s new,” replied Polly. '
WOMEN GET THEM, TOO “Toper’s nose In middle age isn't necessarily due to liquor because many persona afflicted hare never touched a drop,” he said. “Arne roeacea frequently causes extreme flushing of the face in middle life.
"I have seen Christian missionaries with toper’s noses'.”
Dr. Ayres said women who use mo soap and water, bat instead substitute cleansing creams, often suffer acne rosacea.
She
The gross revenues of the all-inclusive Canadian National Railways System for the D-day period ending November 30, 1940, wer
with $6,505,197 for the corresponding period of 1939, an increase of $681,702 or 10.5%.
is done and one piece of cord breaks, the others will hold the package.
$7,186,899 as compared
How can I polish a stained
Q.
floor?
A. Make a preparation of sharing *4-pound of beeswax into a pan containing Vs-pint turpentine. Rub vigorously into the floor and polish with a dry woollen pad. It is an excellent liquid floor wax.
Tourist
"TW.
an appropriate-looking hot slog stand."
Owner
"Yes, It's made of dogwood and covered with bark."
^Scratchinf
GOOSE AND DUCK FEATHERS WANTED
Rcfiin JtchFait
itching ci enema, n mples, atb-mHseshe# rashee sod other ex temaJiy ..	** waHd-fcmoua, «Wing, snti-
sjVOe, liquid _ D. D. D. Prescription Ureaseless, «ajnlen. Bcotbes irntatno and quietly stmintense nming. Ms trial bottle proves it, or nwn»*v > -net. Ask four druggist today for D. D. D. PRES
Malta belonged to many na-Carthagenian*, Greeks,
For quiet relief fi lets', foot,
tiens
Romans, Vandals, Gotha, Moors, Spaniards and French It became a British possession in 1814.
liighMt Price# raid Immediate Remittance
Ui
What can I uae for pillow
Q
Deficiency Of Razor Blades
I
• HAVE TOO HEARD?
stuffing?
A. Old silk garments, cut into very fine pieces, make an excellent stuffing for pillows. They are soft and cool, and a# easily shaken out as feathers.
Q. How tan I repair the lid of a cooking vessel when the knob has come off?
A. Slip a screw through ike hole in the lid, with là# head on the inaide of the ltd, and screw a cork on the protruding end. This knob will not get hot and can be renewed when wore
CANADA COMFORTER CO.
before
— Tsrsalo
73# Dundaa St. F.
CRiPTION.
Just as the female of the British species is having to give up silk stockings so the male may be compelled to grow a beard for lack of razor blades before this war has gone on many more months.
This is just one of the many little sacrifices which keep accumulating day by day aa the British democracy In the fight for its life, is obliged to adopt totalitarian methods to save its war sinews and regulate the daily habits of the taxpayer.
Each d%y the screw turns a little tighter. In many communities, shortages of certain popular brands of cigarettes and tobacco have recently occurred. The tobacco controller announced that there was no shortage of that commodity in the country and that the stocks were sufficient to last a long time to come. He appealed to smokers not to make the situation worse by trying to hoard.
He blamed "temporary transport and other interruptions, resulting in some disturbance t# the normal channels of distribution" for the temporary shortage in certain areas.
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
A man telephoned a hardware store to order a scythe.
"Size?" asked the assistant who took the telephone call.
"Not aize," the man replied. “Scythe."
"Yes, yes, I can hear you," said the salesman "What size?"
"No, no, no," the customer jelled. "Not size, but scythe — SCYTHE. You know what a eeythc is, don’t you? A grass cutter."
The next day a delivery man appeared at the customer’* house with a glass cutter.
• e ê
a • •
LADIES, VOING GIRLS WANTED
PONIES
ACCOMMODATION
TWENTY-FIVE SHETLAND |\)N-ies, all Piebalds, well marked. All ages. W Matthews Danville. Quebec.
MAKE FROM $10 TO $16 A WEEK by selling to an established clientele, relatives and friends, well-known
Everyone spends money for toilet articles, cooking requisites, cleaners, etc. Every FAMILEX*"custom-er 1» a satisfied customer. Work 6 or 6 hours a day, benefit by our experience and you will succeed. No risk — profits assured by working. Let ue help you. Write at once without obligation for our Illustrated free catalogue to Mis» St. George, 670 St. Clement Street, Montreal.____________
WHEN IN TORONTO DURING NEXV Tear’s stay at Elm House. 1$ Elm Street, near Yonge.
F AMI LEX PRODUCTS.
PULLETS
or soiled.
AGENTS WANTED
FREE RANGE PULLETS. CASH IN now on the high eg* price». We have several real choice laying pullets and pullets Ju*i i cad y to lay. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus. Ontario.	__
RHEUMATIC PAINS
LOCAL MAN - GOOD PAY WEEK-Ijr. Full or spare time. Book orders for Canada's finest trees, plants. Experience unnecessary. Sales outfit free. E. D. SMITH S NURSERIES, Winona. Ont.
Salt on Coal Pile*
Several large piles ef locomotive coal in storage for use of the Canadian National Railways have been treated to a surface coating of crushed rock salt. The purpose is to prevent coal caking into large lumps during heavy frost, such lumps proving troublesome in handling. All main line fast passenger and freight locomotives of the National System are equipped by automatic vtok-era which on such engines, render the old-time man-handled scoop an ornamental relic.
AUTOMOTIVE PARTS
IT’S IMPORTANT — EVERY SUFferer of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon’s Remedy, Munro's Drug Store, .*1.15 Elgin, Ottawa, $1.00 Postpaid.
Car and Tractor Parts
MUSIC SCHOOL
Myras Loy ie asking for a divorce. Just about a year ago, on am anniversary, Miss Loy was telling ether women
NEW AND USED AT LOWEST price». Used electric motor» all •lxee. Satisfaction or money refunded. General Auto Supply, Kitchener.
LEARN TO PLAY MUSIC, WRITE for musical .quiz sheet, sample lesson. Name Instrument Correspondence Conservatory of Music, 167 Broadview Ave., Toronto.
SHINGLE MILL
SAW FIRST CLASS SHINGLES. Build Shingle Mill. Small cost. Stamped envelope for particulars. I. Lundy, New Sarepta. Alberta.
HABY CHICKS
MEDICAL
Beauty and Jack [__ Fro,,
TWEDDLE CHICKS HAVE A R£P-utatlon all over Canada for Profit making and isn’t that what you buy chicks for. Especially this year protect your chick purchases. Take no chances, get your chicks from a hatchery with a good reputation, you save up to $3.00 per hundred on Tweddle Chicks by booking and taking early delivery of your chicks. Send for free catalogue and 1941 circular Chick Ontario.
GOOD ADVICE! EVERY SUFFERER of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon's Remedy. Mun-ro’s Drug Store, 336 Elgin, Ottawa, $1.00 Postpaid.
SKATING OUTFITS
SKATING OUTFITS, NEW YOUTHS $2.86; Adults, $3.30; Reconditioned Youths, $1.85, $2.15; Adults, $2.35, $2.86. Send money order plus 20c postage. Sport Centre, King & East Ave., Hamilton.
GOLDEN HEALING OIL — A proven remedy for skin ailments. Obstinate cases of eczema completely relieved. Try this homo treatment. A trial will convince. Six ounce bottle mailed, lar. Dr. W. Price, 67 Ci Toronto.
In Germany’s colonies previous to the War, out of a total population of 16,000,000, çnly one in 600 was white and not all of these were Germans.



STAMP COLLECTONS
A
<*$**<-' i


WANTED, USED STAMPS. t'OLLEC-lions, accumulations, all descriptions. Best prices paid. Our booklet (Free for stamp) means money, for you. Purkls, 6079 West Boulevard, Vancouver.
price list to-day. Tweddle Hatcheries Limited. Fergus,
, One Dol-arlton St..
Canada’s Parks Well Patronized
.?
STARTED CHICKS? WE'VE SOME
2 to 3 week Barred Rocks and N.H. x B.R. for immediate delivery. Order day-olds well In advance. Write for list of Daily Specials. Bray Hatchery, 130 John North, Hamilton. Ont.
PHOTO FINISHING

9MALLW ARKS
FREE! You Can Now Own
Canadian summer playgrounds wei’e visited this year by a greater number of tourists than ever before, according to figures released by the Department of Mines, and Resources at Ottawa.
The department’s figures, covering all of Canada’s national parks, show that 1,041,360 persons visited the parks in the seven-month period ended Oct 81 compared with 875,774 in the corresponding period last year.
BANFF MOST POPULAR Only other year in which tourist travel to Canada’s national parks exceeded the 1,000,000 mark, the department announced, was in 1937-88, when the attendance totalled 1,008,690.
Banff National Park in Alberta was the most popular resort. A total of 224,807 people visited the park in the seven-month period ended Oct. 31, an increase of 47,834 over the same period the previous year.
AGENTS, JOBBERS, CANVASSERS, Storekeepers, write for new price ItsL Smallwares, Novelties, Premiums, Toiletries, Leather Goods. Pipes, Carded Goods. Hundreds of new fast selling items. Free of* fers. Universal Jobbers, 761 Vie* tori a Square Montreal, Quebec.
Complete sol ui Deuutilui «liveware absolutely without cost, manufactured and guaranteed by International Silver Company. You may have this comptât* set absolutely free by sending your ' films to Imperial. Send an order now and receive complete particulars of this amazing offer. Six oi eight exposure films developed and printed 25c, or 8 reprints 25c, plus your choice of a free enlargement in easel mount or free silverware. To get the beet in quality and service send your films to Imperial Photo Service. Station J . Toronto.
%
k'e
A
READ ALL ABOUT TOP NOTCH Chicks, then look at the prices. Where else can you get so much In chicks for so little money. Send for circular and 1941 price list. Top Notch Chlckerles, Guelph, Ontario.
1
:r
V
TIHKEVS

SSS*
PURE BRED WHITE HOLLAND. Turkeys, Toms, $6.00; Hens, $4.00» John Kendrick, Essex, R.R. No. S, Ontario.
A, t
k
MORE BREEDING. BETTER Livability, more profits, but Baden «•hicks are still low priced chicks. This year before you buy your chicks be sure to send for our free circular and price list. You can save money on early Baden chicks. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited, Baden, Ontario.
WATER PUMP

FARMERS:	DOG WILL PUMA
water. Plans for cheaply mad4 structure. Stamp for particular#» Box 114, Brucderhcim, Alta.
PERSONAL
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR SAFELY, privately removed. Face, Arms, Legs; Treatment $2.(81 postpaid. Plain wrapper. Guaranteed to KILL roots with one application. Canadian Chemistry Co., Wilkie, Sask.
FAR il* FOR SALE
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
use Mentholatum. It helpe prevent colds because it keep» nose and heed dear. It relieve» colds because it instantly roothee irritated membranes . . penetrate» and \ eh, h clear the choked up air passages... and promotes free, normal breathing again. Buy a 30c tube or jar of Mentholatum today at your near eat druggist.	im
A
SEVERAL CHOICE STOCK FARMS, near London. Ontario. B. Coots, Barrister, 1385 Dundae Street I*ondon. Ontario.
Used
New
June Preieser, who will soon be seen in “Gallant Sons,” lakes lime oui from her screen chores to show bow easy it is to protect beauty from winter blasts. It isn’t so easy for the lip of the nose to become cold anil numb If you remember to rub some cold cream around the skin before powdering.
specializing in rkulilt mo*
TOR*, POWER-UNITS. HydrauU# Hotels,. Wlochea. General oral
_	Carburetor*
Radiator# — Exchange Servie* Ginas — Sallafactloo or refund* tew Auto Parts Dept. J. Toron**
JOIt OPPORTUNITIES
OFFER TO INVENTORS
WE COACH FOR GOVERNMENT positions on deferred payment, paying after appointment. List of opening#
Training Winnipeg, Man.
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full information sent free. The Ramsay Co.. Registered, Patent Attorneys. 273 Bank Street, Ottawa, Canada. «
MENTHOLATUM
articular» free. Rodd hool, 682 Burrows,
K
COMFORT Dally
ISSUE 51—’40
uivr s
###PAGE###8###
V
Service Announcement
Cemetery Donations
Southern Pulp May Lower Costs of U. S. Newspapers
Largely dependent on high-priced Canadian and Scandinavian mills for the millions of tons of newsprint it uses annually, the U. S. publishing industry has long been looking forward to thedevelopment in this country of a low-priced newsprint that would bring down production costs. Such a newsprint was successfully ! made and used in the South.
Responsible for the discovery of the new southern newsprint was the late Savannah, Ga., chemist, Charles H. Herty. Hoping to open up a rich, new industry that would speed the unfolding of the South’s industrial wings, he began experimenting early in the thirties to find out whether commercial newsprint could be made from the common, fast-growing southern pine, already the foundation of the kraft paper industry (low-grade paper used to make some paper bags).
i Herty discovered that it could, but he died in 1938 before mills could be built that could make the south-pine newsprint in commercial quantities. However, the Southern Newspaper Publishers’ association sponsored construction cf a mill based on the Herty process at Lufkin, Texas.
It was this mill—recently completed—that was turning out the new newsprint last week. Among the papers using it were the Shreveport (La.) Times; the Little Rock (Ark.) _ I Democrat; the Lufkin Daily News 551 (first to use the new paper) ; and I the Dallas Morning News. Reports were that it met every expectation —that it fed evenly, took tension well, and reproduced pictures clearly.
Hardly had the success of the new southern newsprint been established when C. P. Winslow, director of the U. S. forest products laboratory in Madison, Wis., made the announcement that it could be produced even cheaper.	«.
Look Here
Shaw ville United Church Rev A. F. Foxes 15. A , B.D. PAStor
29th
%
Dr. D. J. Campbell, treasurer of the Cemetery Fund, acknowledges, with thanks, the following lonationsj-
Shawville Women’s Institute
C. L. Dale ...............
Mrs. F. F. Corrigan .....
John J. Caldwell .........
Joseph Brown, sr..........
Win H. Howard.............
Mr. John R. McDowell, Treasurer )f Maple Grove* Cemetery, acknowledges with tlmnk'1, the following donations.
M rs. Donald Baker
For Sale, Wants, Fourni
Lost, etc.
December
Sunday,
11.00	a. in.— So vice at Shaw ville •
1 30 p.m.—Service at Zion*
3.00	p.m.—Service at Stark’s Corners
@r,o oo $2.00 .82.00
O
FOR SALE - Litter of voting York shin* pigs, ready for immediate delivery, Apply to Cluauk Elliott. It, ‘2, Shaw ville, Phone (1 —L’8
$10 00 *1.25
Se i mon subject
“ Rivers Hun to the Sea
7.30	p.m.—Service at Shaw ville Sermon subject :—
A Happy
and
2.00
WANTED— A second hand uabj entier or sleigh in giod condition. Apply to Mrs Gilbert Yovnu in Mrs. Lindsay Armstrong's apartment.
Exit 1940
ROOMERS WANTED - Comfortable rooms with or without board. Apply to B. T. Stark, Simwville. Phone 95.
Bristol UnitepChu ecu Rev C. Armstrong-Salis B.D
December
Prosperous
New Year
$2.00
20 ill
Sunday
St, Andrews, Sunday School, 10 a. m • Service at 11,00 a m.
FOR SALB—Two pair of sleighs and one cutter in good condition. Apply to G. A. Howard, Shaw ville. Phone 30.
One Building Saved In the War of 1812 the British lurned all public buildings in Washington but one. When the British )Urned the Capitol, the White House .nd other public buildings in Washington, they did a systematic job of t, sending squads of soldiers to each juilding with orders to burn it. How-when a detail of troops under n officer marched up to the struc-housing the patent office with is thousands of nondescript modds, Dr. William Thornton, the first ommissioner of patents, appealed o the officer in charge to spare the wilding lest the British go down in listory as the world’s worst bar-
impressed by Dr. Thorn-on’s appeal, the officer marched his letail off without firing the patent iffice.
To All
Sei vice at 2.30 p. m Service withdrawn
Knox, Au tin
FOR RENT—Comfortable apartment, also two looms. Apply to Mrs. Bruce Barber, Shaw ville. Phone 120
19.30
Clarendon United Circuit
Owing to the illness of the pastor, Rev. Steers, the services at Wesley, Norman and Yarm Churches will not be held bn Sunday, Dec. 29.
WANTED—Three roomers. Apply to G. A. Howard. Shawvllle. Phone 39.
FOR SALE—One single seat driving cutter. In good condition ; also one set cutter shafts, Apply to Norris Horner Shawvllle. Phone 43.
ver
era
ure
ANGLICAN December
St Paul’s
10.00	a.m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m.—Holy Communion
7.30	p in.—Evening Prayer
New Years Eve
11.30	p. m.—- Prayer and Meditation
New Years Day
8 00 a. m,—Holy Communion 11 00 a. m.—Holy Communion.
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
FOR RENT—Comfortable dwelling, at Main Street East, Shawvllle. Mod conveniences. Apply to Mrs. Clifford Corrigan, Shawvllle, or Thob. Kbllt, Breckenridge. Que.
29th
Sunday,
ern
barians
FOR RENT—A comfortable bed room for two persona.
Apply to Mrs S. E. Chamberlain
Phone 48
Government Using Fewer Words; Cutting Expenses
Americans are the greatest selfimprovers on earth.
A new job in Washington—that oi “correspondence counselor” in the agriculture department has been created. The title is new, rather; for three years James F. Grady has been helping the Farm Credit administration streamline its letters.
Right now Grady is meeting once a week with soil conservation officials, helping them conserve words in their letters. Grady believes that far too many words are wasted in the average government letter—and business letters, too, for that matter. “Hoopskirt” and “stuffed shirt" expressions, he calls them. Expressions such as, "You are advised that congress has specified,” or, ‘‘As per statement attached hereto.”
The average government letter, it is estimated, costs 75 cents to produce. Grady says that by eliminating useless verbiage, letters can bi shortened by from 30 to GO per cent. So you can sec how much the conservation officials, under his tutelage, can conserve. Grady’s six tests ol a “satisfactory” letter are whether it is “clear, concise, complete, correct, appropriate in tone, neat and well set up.“
FOR SALE-One Purple Grey Horae, weighs about 1COO lbs., five years old and sound.
Apply to Joseph Duma*». Maryland
Phone 5—15
DALE’S TINSHOR
Holy Trinity Service Withdrawn
St. Luke’s
2.00	p- m.—Holy Communion
North Clxrindon Parish Rev. K. Bolton, Incumbent
Sunday,
North Onslow, Holy Communion, 10.30 Charted?,
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
See The New Washers
Why not deal in that old washing machine for a new one ? A fair allowance made on old machines. New ones priced as low as $69.95-.
CLIFFORD CONE
Agent for Gilson Snow Bird Washers Centre St., Shawville.
Full Stock of :—
Findlay Heaters and Ranges
1
American Indians Used
Modern Military Ideas
American Indians discovered and used some of the modern principles of military engineering long before the coming of the white man, according to Prof. W. Duncan Strong of the department of anthropology of Columbia university, who has reported on an extensive exploration of a prehistoric Indian fort with his associates.
Examining the remains of Indians who inhabited parts of South Dakota during the Seventeenth century, they arrived at the conclusion that the construction of the moat and stockade surrounding the fortified Village made it apparent that they had some knowledge of engineering
before their contact with European iocai public library service, settlers. -	y The librarians are agreed that in
; The design of the fortification order to have people take a more proved to be distinctly Indian, with intelligent part in the functioning the tribe living chiefly by farming, of their government, they must be Their survey disclosed that approx- supplied with plenty of informa-imately 1,500 Indians lived in a vil- tion and help people to read more lage surrounded by wooden stock- widely on current issues, ades and e moat \Vz miles in circum-
The explorers also discovered Owl Not an Intelligent Hew can I get the cache pitSf evidently for the storage	; Q jest Reveals
ülüiliEE'pëss
?"¦NBJr «s	*• “*"* "d	*know
not know how to make love.
The owl lives in the deserted
prairie dogs,
29th
December
m
Evening Prayer
7.00
Tenders Wanted
A
Now is the time to
Furnace
Tenders will 1m* received by the undersigned up to December 31st. 1940, for good body harchvood composed of hard maple, yellow birch, or beech, 3 ft. long, delivered at Shaw ville High School ; Also for" rural, schools same quality wood two feet long. Lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. All wood to bo delivered not later than March 31st, 1941.
Campaign for Libraries
Librarians from the 48 states, Canada, and South American countries, numbering more than 3.000, have started a united campaign to bring existing libraries closer to the actual needs of book borrowers, and in sparsely populated regions, to extend library service to isolated farmers.
-They are facing the fact that more than 38,000,000 rural people in the United States are without adequate
3
Î
have your and Pipes checked
over.
Leslie Dale
Shawville,
Quebec
JOHN A. I'KAN
Secretary Treasurer
Pulpwood Wanted
First Listeners Conference
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood» F.O,B. carton C. N. or C. F. railways, or delivered to road side f<»r pick up by trucks Phone or write,
J. M. ARGUE,
Shaw ville, Que
I
‘Hat in Ring’
When a politician announces his intention to run . for office, he “throws his hat into the ring phrase being a figurative one first popularized by Theodore Roosevelt in 1912, but its origins go back much further than that. It is a variation phone 70 of the old literal “gage of battle," practice of other centuries when a man invited physical combat by throwing some article on the ground as a challenge to be picked up by an opponent. The word "gage" is defined as a pledge made by a person to fight in support of his principles. In olden days, the gage was usually a glove or cap. In America in the last century, it-was common for the strong-arm village sport or bully to challenge all comers to a boxing or wrestling bout by staking out a ring on the ground and daring anybody to toss a hat in. If any man accepted, he would literally toss in his hat, and the fight would be on. A similar custom is said tc exist even to this day in certain parts of Great Britain.
The first Listening Group Lead-eis* Conference ever to be held in Canada closed at Macdonald College a few days ago. Its purpose was to introduce to a group ot citizens from the farming districts in Quebec, and their agronomes a new technique in popular education.	. Ç
Starting in January a series ot
broadcasts will commence over the C ti.C.. presenting im dramatized form material on farm problems for study and discussion: These broadcasts will be based on material prepared this past year at Macdonald College, and include such topics as marketing, rural taxation co-operative organization, the value of faires and exhibitions, etc.
Supplementary material to be used by those listening to the programmes will be provided,
_adies: Hera’s How Air Hostesses Get 1 heir Man
And now one of our industries—an air transport company—has undertaken to answer that perennial question of women kind of a husband I would like to
the
a
Wilson’s Garage
The Same Reliable Serv'ce
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Ser vice
be
i
He does not
Ford Se ivice
tost .	...... v ,	,
..	. about. They have dignity and poise
Those who attended the Conter- ^ charm that is nine parts simple ence all agreed that the plan, friendliness. He sees them being which represents a co ordinated ,.e] ful and entertaining, as a gra
farm:,',, b
secure the information necessary these young ladies to win the.r man for them to become effective lead- —is a pleasant, low and lovely voice, ers for small groups who will meet And men long irritated by squeaky, in their own homes to follow the raspy, gum-muffied or calliope broadcasts, the first of which will voices listen with delight and pop be heard ou Jammiy 2l?t, 1041 the question.
So, ladies, take a tip from these hostesses if you would make a good match.
He does
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
J. P. Wilson
Main Street
Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
Movie Fans Miss Nothing
Movie fans are quite inquisitive souls according to Hollywood edi-Queries by the thousands
made bird houses whose green
homes of ‘‘gophers squirrels, and woodpeckers. Some
times he shares his apartment v. ith
In the
tors
and rattlesnakes
grab the phone to get the reason, or the answer.
Musical questions have increased, they say, which gives some evidence that the screen is filling some of the need for musical appreciation. One studio said that it received 15,000 inquiries about "The Unfinished Symphony," allegedly played in a recent
picture.
Then there are the fans who see a face on the screen whom they think resembles a long-missing relative and write in for enlightenment. And the boner-hunters who find things wrong, or think they do, about historical or geographical incidents.
And for those who understand foreign dialects, but can’t make them out on the screen, one studio informs them not to rack their brains, as a great deal of it is merely gibberish, and doesn't mean a thing.
Only Two Silk Hats
Col. Harry Tculmin. lawyer and soldier, of Ohio, recently stated in a
article, (Iron Age) that
man-------
roofs and white porches appeal to his desire for city conveniences.
But, alas, although his friends are ; magazine
among man and animals, he 71^ billions have been spent on the is a social outcast in birddom. Per- army jn five years, or $ GO,000 for haps it is because of his B. O. (bird | each soldier. For this money, he deodor) and even his best friends ; c]ared, each soldier could have J:: won't tell him.	Fords, two limousines, a chauffeur’s
An cwl cats everything, and later equipment, a private tank, two peril he captures a fat sonai trucks, 18 rifles, 2 machine
1 cannon, 26 uniforms, 24
NOTICE
many
The Armstrong Woolen Mills have ceased operating for the winter months. The factory will be open, however, for the exchange of wool for yarn.
J. B. Armstrong.
six
NOTICE
Re. Nomination of Councillors
regrets it	.
mouse he will bolt it down in as gUns,
»£rge bites as possible and as last shirts, 1 dozen silk socks, 3 tuxedos as "possible, bones, hair and all. numerous silk shirts, silk hats and After he returns to the nest indigos- gtill have $11,310 in cash left, non sets in, and the bones and hair But according to a Washington are disgorged in the form of pellets. columnist, (Harlan Miller) the colo-These pellets, often feathers, line the ncps figures are "all wet." He says, nest cr fall to the ground below. ««The 7‘i billions were spent on both
the army and navy combined, in seven years instead of five, which brings the wardrobe down to only two silk hats, a sheepskin coat and part of a battleship per cavalry-But it makes a good yarn, colo-
Fenccs Asset to Property
Good fences make good neighbors.
Many people look upon fences as unfriendly barriers erected to pro nt intrusion and to exclude neighbor? and friends. The reverse is often true, as a good fence, built with an eye to beauty and fitted to architectural character of the house, may be an asset to many properties.
The flower enthusiast will find the fence a protection from wandering
A fence helps
De Laval Sales and Service
Province of Quebec Municipality of Clarendon
Public Notice is hereby given that there will be held on Wednesday, the 8th of January 1941 Hall at the hour of Ten of the morning, a meeting of the owners of real estate of this Municipality, entered as such upon the valuation roll, to proceed with the nomination of a Mayor, and three Councillors, in the room and stead of Mr. W. H. Barr, Mayor, and Messrs. L. A. Smart, Ezra Grant and Roy Macfarlane, Councillors, whose term of office have expired.
At the hour of noon should there be on the nomination papers more than one name for Mayor, or more than three for Councillors an election will be held in the same Hall on Monday, January 13th, starting at 8.00 a. m. and continuing to 6,00 p in.
Given at Shawville, Que., this 21st day of December, 1940.
é
vc
G ream Separators, Milkers, Churns, Engines, Oil rings, Discs, etc, also carry the Junior series at lower prices. Call and see our separators.
CLIFFORD CONE,
Centre St., Shawville. Que.

in Hynes
We
t
Baby’s Eyesight
If a baby seems to have trouble in making its eyes move in unison Leprosy Cure	during the first few months, don’t
Almost complete cure of leprosy worry too much about it, advises the is claimed by two Denver university Better vision institute It takes trained doctors and a German col- ljme for the child to learn to coleague; Drs. C. C. Nelson, Douglas orcjjnate the eye muscles and for Collier and M J. Oberdoerffcr, re- tjie pirst few months of its life move-spcctively They claim that injec- ments 0f the eyes may seem rather lions of diphtheria toxoid produces wobbly. If eye coordination does almost a complete cure. They also nQt improve with the passing of the report that for the first time in his- we,,i<s then, of course, the mother
ve succeeded in giving ^ould be concerned about the con-rosy. or something that djllon Eyestrain brought about by harnr-tenstiesv by feed- rieg|ect to correct v ocasin root and inject’ Jon,et!,ncs thi v, U.c eyes out of
alignment
man
nel
neighboi hood pets to confine the activities of small children and prevents them from straying into the street.
Fences come in a variety of sizes
Wire and metal fences y associated with farms and
now made in smart
Wooden
In Memoriam
Boss—In fond and loving memory of Margaret Victoria Bennett, beloved wife of John C. R ww, who panned away Dec, 24th, 1938.
“ Peacefully sleeping, renting at lamb. The world’s weary trouble and trials are pant.
In silence nhe suffered, in patience nhe bore,
Till God called her home to suffer no more.”
Dimple in Cheek
Tis a fact, but no person, possessor r/ a charming dimple in cheek, has ever been known to commit a major crime, according to Max Tisza. police councilor of Miskolc, Hun-
j makes
lactones are
(i private homes nces, long in use, have been d lop. «1 !. -:',any archil dural styl<
mpliments L *. olonihl, modern, v mcoid. and other d
gary.
The police councilor further states that such an indentation indicates a high moral and mental standard and also indicates that he is reliable an all around asset to humanity
tory mon I had
to horm
s
ve
J. A. DEAN,
Secretary -Trea.surer Municipality of Clarendon
defects may
(
t
in i’
Husband
anc
bacillus
u
