###PAGE###1###
? m
i
<
No 0, 57th ïiab
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY,
JULY i7. 1 UJtt
SI-50 per annum In Advene# 2.00 to the United State#
\
Wallace Families Unite AS Dinner at Worehead
Under the joint hospitality Mr. and Mis. Jno A. Telford and Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Clarke, at the homo of the latter, Mo rehead section, descendants and relatives of
Field Meeting at
GEORGES CARON
#. A., m. C. L
Advocate, Barrister
At Campbell's Bey Friday, Saturday and Monday
GOWLING } BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Shawvllle Hardware
A field meeting will he held on L. A. Lm art's farm at Stark's Cor nera on Friday evening, July 28th; lit mx o'clock. Program will In
elude inspec tion of demoost ratifies	. L J	.¦
plots; discussion of experimental the original late Wallace families work, and addresses by Federal wet In family re union, Sunday and Provincial officials. All gentle- afternoon, July rd.
men and ladies of the district are The reunion was convened in,	¦ U
invited to attend.	honor and farewell to Mr. Matthew Bailiff Superior Court
Pence Hiver district, Alta., who, i cu au/i/vv t 0 for several weeks has been visit-1 ««AWYILLfc
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHMhPM§Mj lo
Results of the soft ball games The residence of Mr. and Mrs. played over the week-end were as	* * ls t^ie °*d homestead
follows On Thursday evening ^e Iste Wm Clarke, former Bristol defeated Norway Bay, at Lrown Lands Agent for Pontiac,
Bristol 21- 4.	a landmark familiar to practically
On Friday evening, Shaw ville	timers of Pontiac,
defeated Wyman at Shawville 7 -4 . Evening dinner was served the and On yon defeated Etimide.	thirty.four adults present at two
On Monday evening, Qtiyon de *°.nK tables daintily decorated feated Bristol at Bristol 7-1 ; and with cut flowers, in the spacious Elmside wtm from Wyman 86-17. old dining room, which in earlier
m _	• ' v. ^	. years had been the scene of much I	Imison-Cotib
brilliant and hospitable entertain- Miss MnrieLClara Irene Cotie, went. Simultaneously, on the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. H vine-clad veranda adjoining, the Cotie. of Renfrew, and Mr. Charles twenty one grand children ere- L. A Imison, son of Mr. and Mrs Anniversary services of St. An- in imitative decorum of their fl. Imison, of Shawville, were drew # United Church. Bristol, «Iders, were similarly placed at married at Trinity St. Andiew's > will be held 011 Sunday, Aug. 6 th. tables suitably a ira need. Among United Church. Renfrew, at the t*1 At the morning service at 11 those of the first Wallace genera	noon hour on Tuesday. July 17th	_	.	_
o'clock, Rev. K. W. Taylor, B.A., tion at the head table were : Mat-	Rev. H. Neal, of Renfrew, per	HARLAND 0.
B D , of Wakefield, will preach thaw W. Wallace, guest of honor, I	formed the ceremony in the pre-
end at the evening service. 780 brother Thomas, and sister, sence of a large number of guests, o'clock, Rev. A. F. Pokes, BA., Margaret with her husband Jno. The church was tastefully decora t-B.D., will preach. Special music A. Telford ; Mrs. Frances Howard, ed. Mrs. Anderson, of Renfrew, at both services.	Mr. and Mrs. D. J. Sutherland, Mr I presided at the organ, and the
The lawn social will be held on and Mi s. Jno L. Hodgins, Mr. and soloist was Mr Taylor, of Renfrew.
Monday, Aug. 7 th, on the church Mrs. Th os E. McDowell and Mr. The bride, who was given in grounds. Supper served from 6.80 *,ld Mrs. R P. Eades. Mr. and marriage by her father, to 8.00 p. m. (standard time) fol- ”re. W. A, Moore, Otter Lake, tended by Miss Dorothy lowed by good program provided close relatives uf the family were of Shawville, sister of the brid by members of Grace St. Andrew’s also present.	JfiFOOm. and by her niece, little
Choir, of Arnprior. * Admission, . Following the repast when fit- Miss Eileen Lotie, as flower girl, adults, 85 cte ; children 25 cts. ting after-dinner addressee were Mr. Harold Cotie, of Swastika,
I rTl a	¦ presented, young and old repaired brother of the bride, was the best
to the lawn in youthful frolic for man, and the ushers Mr. Elmer Cemetery Memorial Service the children and happy exchange	Cotie, cousin of the bride, and Mr
âanday, July 36tli	of reminisence for the aged.	Monroe Armstrong, cousin of the
__	________ bridegroom, of Ottawa.
ofTthe A dr linn *înd uiTitetfceme®	°f 7ihite T
’«ttfhsgg «4r	«SsTt^MjqS
Tji^ ffiitiHt 9D6iiK6r for the nervice r Jtx ‘	¦¦ ¦¦	i .. fïjPio	Iwt Wlffcd tvdice
will be Re^Stanley Andrew,, of Sunday Jnly l»th, warn a day of wju caught over the ebonlder*
Montreal. Mosio will be «implied fre«t intérêt to the membert. and with tiny «trap., and the bolero by the mass bands of the Inter- **»«»<* of Bristol Memorial Pres- bad puffed sleeves, with matching provincial Boys'Band Association, byterian church, when the 20th rows of corded piping. Her floor now camped at Green Uke, whe aonivet -ary of t ie bmJUmg of the length veil was of embroidered
will also lead in the singing of the church war célébra ted, Tn the,—"—*-W£TW w - '\£7Z f ham at .
hymnsJ An offering will betaken, morning the largest congregation * tiara of Orange blossoms. Sh*hOO|IAT Le GUERRIER and subscriptions will be received ln the history of the church as- wore silver kid pumps and earned by Dr. D. J. Campbell, the Trees- tern bled, a special feature being * shower bouquet of pi uk rose nrer. to go towards the up keep of tbe-ÙiOHjnce of the Boy Scouts of burls.
the cemetery. Everyone is cor- the third Ottawa Troup, in camp Miss imison, the brides attend-dially Invited to the service, and it at Bristol. Rev. D. K. Andrews,	ant, chose a pretty frock of pjstel
fi R I 1	¦ M. A . the minister of the church,	bine silk net designed over taffeta,
preached the anniversary services, and made on crinoline lines. It Rev. A. 8. McGrath, of Highland had a fitted bodice, and a full Park Baptist * Church, Ottawa, floor-length skirt, trimmed with taking part. Mrs W. M. Drum- tiny velvet bows of darker blue, mond, of Guelph, and Mr. I. Rus- Her picture hat was of knotted eel, of Montreal, ably contributed natural straw and she carried to the service of praise. Rev. Mr. Johanna Hill roses and Illy of the Andrews preached in the morning valley, tied with blue ribbon. J ualkiM	T» . j	on, ."The Inheritance of Our I The flower girl wore a frock of
Members of Boys Bands f 1 om pother11, and in the evening on,	blue organdy, with dainty hand	_U BMW HI
Finch, Max ville, Haw kesbury, La- The Meaning of Our Church".	embroidery. She wore a circlet of	HULL, QUEBEC
noiwr!llwhii,.îi Offn being present. After an excellent	I white flowers, tied with white every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 pin.
combine musical instruction ^ with I r^ed^m^smmT%^s%eh^ I " Mrs°Ootie. mother of the bride, At Pontiac House, Shawville, every
.	„ . ,tr, close with the singing of God Save 'hoes. She wore a white hat with
-Td	“sThe “-«•_________ te.ve"' a“d *
About thirty boys present xvith an Q^rcndon W I	Mrs. Imison, mother of the bride-
expected attendance of seventy	w _	groom, wore a dress of navy triple
mm
.althe oamptowSichevo^hodyi,	°f beige apt," c. epn, wUhP maU hTn^
«mm»
I ! ml :
- struction.	iu. 1. ram
, 12 80 41 —Dinner 1.00 p. m.—Rest period
8 00 u —Sports ,	•	—	. % ‘I More than 4,500 blind persons in
4.0n 44 —Swimming	I Many paid tribute to the memory Canada are receiving pensions,
• 000	“	—Slipper *	°f Xavier Morin at his funeral,	under the Old Age Pension act
. 7,00	"	—Opening of tuck shop	held from his late residence in	amended two years ago, according
41 —Masred Hand practice Laurent, Clapham township, Que., to figures issued jointly by the 8 80	4	—Gamp fire sing-song	to St. Charles Roman Catholic	Finance and National Health De
0 80	4	—First post, boys retire	church in Otter Lake, on Tuesday	partaient. As at March 81st the
10.00	41	—Last poet	morning when solemn requiem	Dominion Government, which as
10.16 44 —Lights out	> mass was celebrated by the curate, sûmes the entire obligation, had
A devotional period is conducted Rev. Father Rules.	peid out 8868,772 in pensions for
Sunday morning at 10 o'clock. Last The late Mr Morin was born in the blind. To receive this as.4st-Sunday Rev. A F. Pokes was in	Clapham. 00 years ago, and	had	* nee a	person	rouit he totally
charge and addressed	the boys	resided there all his life.	sightless anil be	40 years of age. 1
and over 100campers and victors He is survived by hi» wife, one A corps of seventy-five specialists Next Sunday Rev. T. E	R Nurse	son and one daughter ; bb mother,	carry	tb#	examina tion 1 st
will conduct the period.	^ All are	foui* brotheis and five sisters.	various	centres	throughout (•.
cordially invited ,to attend this Interment was made in Otter da, and a total of 6,000 have al-eervice.	Lake Roman Catholic cemetery. I ready been conducted.
of
Seasonable
Requirements
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school ha< removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a pFehool with
reputation. Open all year.
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer
I
!
5
I
: •
established
an
QUE.
Résulta of Bon Ball
BOBU
*. : cowimc,
Freeidifit
N. W. IIAITHWAITE
Prifiolpal
Fishing Tackle Fly Bepellants
Screen Doors, Window Screens Spring Hinges; Calv’d Screen Wire Carden Spades, Shovels, Hoes, Forks Lawn Mowers, Crass Shears, BroomlRakes
HoDGiNs-At Shawville Community Hospital on Tuesday, July 18tb, 1030, to Mr. and Mrs. Fred, - A __ ___
Hodgm^of Charters, a daugh-j JAMES A#$MILLA.R
M. A., L L . L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129plainSt
AlPontiacHoese, Shew ville, every Wednesday afternoon.
AI Moyle's Hotel, Campbell's Bey, every Wednesday morning.
MARRIED
Hull,Que.
• *
St Andrew’» Anniversary Services end Lawn Social

ri
ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill Unlreraity
SHAWVILLE. QUE.
Obfi.'R — In the G. F. Horigins Building . Main Street, Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
WAS At
I
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Solicitor etc.
Omoe : Campbell’s Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
i
Preserving Time

CLINTON H. DOWD a, ll. a
Advocate, Barrister, etc. Main Street . -
Phone, Sher. 1354
7At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e. sry Friday evening.
V
C.L.
• e
the
vll, Que.
I
What About Your
Preserving Equipment ?
• «
¦.a
LL.
• •
t
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request,
is hop*d that those with friends buried in the cemetery will beautify the lots with flowers for $he occasion.
SEALERS
Matters dealt with by correspondence
(Screw Top )
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
IM MAIN STtEE T
Boys' Bands in Camp At Orson Lake
Pints, per dozen $1.15 Quarts,
Half Gallons “
PHONE, f-ff
ii
a
1.25
1.75
u
boys. The
Rubber Rings, 6Jcts. per pkg. Zinc Rings, 25 cts. per doz. Glass Tops, 25 cts.
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street •
<<
ii
corsage
MONTREAL, ;QUE.
PLATEAU 631 8
DQ. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West
MONTREAL, QUE.
New Improved Canning Racks |||
75 cts. |
To T-'it Inside Boiler

BELAI* 3Î67
D. J. CAMPBELL
Parawax, Certo, Airtight Memba Seal
Aluminum Preserving Pots
Labels and Spices Bedpath Sugar

Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
PhoneSI,
Dr. R. O. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Camp be IPs Bay from Friday night to Monday nigh of each week.
4 560 Canadian Blind Get Pension*
Xavier Morin Burled at Otter Lake
7.80
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
W. A. Hoggins, Lt’d
Eye, Ear, Nota and Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ASTI BUILDING
Shawville
Quebec
OTTAWA. - ONT. wee, f—7861
###PAGE###2###
The Best Relief For Poison Ivy
Scene Of Fatal Mauling
Ontario’s 11-Ton Cheese Of 1893

6/0



Comes From the Use of Potms-• sium Per men gentle In Severe Cases »,	—
Toison Ivy as a plant has many guises. It may appear as a low shrubby patch, or as a fence bord*
climber like the Virgin-is creeper. Each stem of poison Ivy bears three smooth, even, glossy, leavos. Those of the Virginia creeper are in fives.
In severe cases of poisoning by the Ivy. the treatment most widely recommended is potassium permanganate which has for its purpose the destruction of the poison by oxidation. The parts are with a three per cent solution, made somewhat weaker If the skin is particularly sensitive. Once blisters have been formed, rubbing should be carefully avoided. If baking soda, boraclc acid, or other cooling substances are used, no application should be made when the sores are oozing. Otherwise a crust may be formed, and the conditions aggravated. A pamphlet giving Jwll information may be obtained free from the Publicity and Extension Division, Dominion Department of Agriculture, Ottawa.
er

"Mile" Was Shown at World s Fair In Chicago — Manufactured At Perth, Ontario


I
I

I
»
*
Doing a bit of delving in the attic of his Detroit home, Charles H. Haight, 80-year-old native of New-
out WÊÊÊlÊIÊÊÊiN/ÈtÊM
of his Detroit home. Chas. H. Haig trophies of the World's Col-



er. or ps a
has come up with
«4



IP
some
ambian Exposition of 1893, in Chicago, and one was an advertisement for the "Canadian Mite”, a mammoth 11-ton cheese that was one of the features of the Canadian» exhibit at the exposition.
The folder explains that the •‘Canadian Mite” was manufactured
Experimental
Dairy Station at Perth. Lanark County, Ont., under the supervision of Prof. James W. Robertson, Dominion dairy commissioner, and formed a part of a pyramid of Canadian dairy products.
Some 207.200 pounds of milk used in its manufacture, a

T


%

)

swabbed
as*
EXCUSE ME - BUT
BIG BEN TOPS ’EM
ALL FOR FLAVOUR /
at the Dominion
A.
i
«s:

were
quantity equal to the milk for one day In September of 10,000 cows.
weighing 22,000
pounds net, was Incased In a mould hoop of steel and a pressure of than 200 tons was applied to make it perfectly solid. It measured 18 feet in circumference and 6 feet
Advice Given
House Guests
Don't Try to Reform Hornets Her Children—Relax rnd Enjoy Your Visit

“The guy says he wants rice pud*
ding.”	, t
The other excused himself, and
hurried over to the stevedore.
••Did you call met” he asked. The stevedore bellowed.
••Yes,” he cried. “I told you to give that guy a plate of rice pudding and get it over with.”
The deaf one’s eyes narrowed. “Look here, you,” he growled. “Are you trying to tell my custom* what they should eat?”


The cheese,


8


or
more
or

s. sa, i
. ^ V'i "
in height.

Advice for visitors: Don’t ‘ige It upon yourself to reform yo : bos-ess She invited you for a ’IsU, not a crusade. What If sh • loea cater too much to her hui -and! She probably enjoys it. A .\? vay. you can’t change her in a fe% lays’ time.
Don't discipline yc.ur 1 * .ess' children. That's something : > woman will stand from he test friend. Women are queer tb% way.
Don't vamp your testes» ms-hand In the living room wh '2 the wife scrubs dishes alose 1 the kitchen. You're there as a 4-10*1, not a housewrecker.
Don't put on your most 'lifttly manner while eating mbmv salad to which you are ftUergv. end then keep the household night dosing you with blc»t isle of soda. Better pass !t up first place.
Don't do the planting fo own entertainment. No matt* you pine for golf, if th.eir i «me is rummy, play ther 1
DO have a good time*
HaveYou Heard
What’s Going On Inside The Hive

•- >¦
ere
M l<
Business Trend Slightly Better
y.t &

EhIBSm.'S
Beekeeper Can Find Out By
Hives Daily To
¦4
»


Weighing See How Fast the Honey Is
Coming In
V v
There were dark shadows under his eyes as he sank into the barber’s chair.
“Haircut, please,” he replied tc the barber’s polite greeting.
“Then please sit up a bit,” said the barber. “You’re rather far down in the chair for a haircut.”
“Then give me a share,” murmured the man wearily.


St*


Three Per Cent. Improvement Shown In First Half of 1939 Over Same Period of 1938
m
’;5
u
¦n
¦
Seen being fed by a keeper are two of the three bears kept in the Quebec Zoological Gardens at Charlsbourg, P.Q., who clawed to death Dr. Joseph Germain, of Rimouski, when he approached too close to the bars of their cage and was seized by one of the animals. Dr. Germain was accompanied by his daughter and son when he tried to feed the bears peanuts, only to be pressed against the bars and fatally mauled, while his children were forced to look on, helpless except for attempts to scare the animals off by throwing dirt and stones at them.
Beekeepers have a unique method of keeping tab on the activities of their bees, according to a report from
Farms. Because it is so essential to know how the honey flow is coming Into the hives, one hive in an apiary is placed on a set of scales. Thus it is possible to take daily weighings and so tell just how much honey Is coming in. Furthermore, it is possible to know accurately the amount of loss of honey in the hives, partcularly in the Spring, when the flow of nectar is light. Then the beekeeper can tell whether or not he should feed his colonies.
During the main honey flow, the scales are most valuable, for then the bee-keeper can estimate fairly accurately just what is going on inside the colonics. Thus, ke knows when proper attention should be given.
«¦
Business barometers for the first half of 1939 Indicate a three per cent Improvement over similar period of 1938.
Lumber and nickel exports for May. 1939, show 29 to 36 per cent over May, 1938.
Copper exports and carloadings up 10 to 13 per cent.
United States markets taking a lot of Canadian cattle, shipments showing 300 per cent increase as compared with corresponding period last year.
More Lumber, Nickel Exported
Output of Canadian gold In the first four months of 1939 valued at $57,000,000, a gain ot 12 per cent
corresponding 1938 period.
Eighty mills now producing gold In Canada and a dozen more planned.
the Dominion Experimental
all
camp-
' Do you ever
1®
i"*?"	„ .
"No; get the »*me effect
off the
he
Take Heat With
Grain of Salt
by taking the screens windows."
/ou t
IOW
How Can I?
o
touring
An American Wales, and on entering a hotel in town noticed the words “Tam
was
Should the heat continue to be oppressive for long periods this summer, medical authorities have a formula for taking it all in your stride. If that cooling drink you have in mind has an alcohol base, put it aside and substitute plenty of cold water and an extra pinch of sail. Doctors explained that this extra salt is advisable in hot weather to replace the salt which is lost to the body through perspiring. Doctors therefore advise against any unnecessary exertion. The public are also warned to keep out of the track of direct electric fans.
BV ANNE ASHLEY
K Mi
one —^m^jpppp
Htab” written on the mat.
"Ah!” he said, “I suppose that’s
Welsh for Welcome.”
"No, sir,” replied the doorman.
bath mat upside
Q.—What is a substitute for cream of tartar, when mixing cake that calls for it?
A.—A good substitute is buttermilk. If the buttermilk is not sour enough, add a little vinegar.'
Q.—How can I keep apples from turning brown when peeling them?
A.—Add a pinch of salt to the water in which the apples are washed, before peeling them, and they are not as liable to turn brown.
Q.—How can I remove wine stains from fabrics?
A.—Cover the stains with salt and then pour boiling water through the fabric.
Q.—How can I prevent new tinware from rusting?
A.—Before using new tinware, rub the surface thoroughly with lard and place it in a hot oven for an hour. This will prevent subsequent rust.
Q.—How can I make sure of eliminating any insects which may have gotten into a head of cauliflower?
A.—Stand the cauliflower head down for a few minutes in a salt or vinegar solution.
The Proper Method Of Handling Eggs

over
'That's the down.”
Egg quality is deiermin. the manner in which they handled. Proper attention prolong the freshness of the newly laid eggs. The temperate ! at which eggs are held has a raft-ling effect upon their qua! a trial conducted at the Ma setts Station, four cases of *ggs were held at room temper it ires
from 58 to 70 d%?eea
fore
>>•
ire
— ¦¦ «0 -
vill
Manufacturing operating on a higher level than a year ago, particularly In footwear and foodstuffs, Including flour and sugar.
Motor car production down nine per cent from last year, but picking up at end of first five months of 1939.
Bank debits, commercial loans and deposits in a rising trend.
In external trade Canada has a satisfactory balance of exports ov-
Adverlisement—In a Titus-
ville, Pa., papers
“Auctioneering is my spe
Prices
ciml line of business.
reasonable. If 1 am out dates with my wife.”
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
In
2 ’hu-
very arrange
% •
A soft-voiced man walked into a lunchroom where the counterman was a trifle hard of hearing.
"Rice pudding,” said the customer.
“What’s that?” .
“Rice pudding,” repeated the
customer.
The other cupped a hand to his ear.
“Sorry,” he apologized, "I did not hear you.”
A stevedore, sitting at the end of the counter, became annoyed.
“Listen, tin ears!” he shouted.
ranging
for four to seven days . shipping. When candled, V : per cent, of the eggs in the ca.>* ield four days at # temperature of 58 degrees graded fancy, conjured with only 74 percent, for -hose that had been held for the ime period at 70 degree;
1.—Arc there any certain occa-when a man precedes the wo-
What Science
•ions
man he is accompanying”
2.	—When an invitation is received to a church wedding, and not to the reception, does it require an answer?
3.	—Is it good taste to use ei-
ink in social
er Imports.
is
Vujlüïv
Doing
*
*
ÎM1
their blue or green
correspondence ?
4.	—When a man brings a guest
1o his home and introduces him to his wife, is "How do you do" a sufficient acknowledgment for the
wife?
5.	—When eating in a strange place and you do not know whether to pay the waiter or not, what should you do?
6.	—What are the most popular forms of Sunday entertaining?
Answer»
J.—Only when the way is uncertain or dangerous, when necessary to push their way through a boisterous crowd.
Not unless the wedding is small and the invitation is a personally written note or letter, black ink should be used for both social and business correspond-4.—No. In this instance the
Girls in some U.S. achocl.1 are taught how to put new w.; « lers on taps, replace burnt-out and do other household rep.i *:*
SMALLEST LIVING PARTICLES
A scientist behind an ultra-microscope reported last week he had been able to see and measure protein molecules, the key units and possibly the smallst particles of living matter. The molecules stood out as shimmering spots of light.
Her
Classified..
Advertising
PERSONAL
HAHV CHICKS
jy
MARRY—WOULD YOU MAR . nulled? Hundred» to choose .rnm. Pome with means. Many f a'ziers daughter» and widow» wit i property. Particulars 10c, cot fenflai. Canadian Corresp* 1 ne» Club, Box 128, Calgary. Albvta. ,
Clear The Decks For Hot Weather
baby chicks
PLENTY OF BARRED ROCK, LEGhorn, New Hampshire. New Hampshire X Rock, Sussex X Hampshire chick». Limited number» most other breeds. Order right ” away for July delivery. Bray Hatchery, ISO John .Street, North, Hamilton. Ontario.______________
DON T MISS THESE CHICK BAR-
lets $11.95; Cockerels 8%c. Two week old add one cent, Three
Shipped Chickeries,
SUPER-ACCURATE CLOCK A new kind of clock so accurate under ordinary conditions that it may help astronomers to aim their telescopes with higher precision and engineers to control difficult variations In alternating current has been invented. The instrument maintains accuracy to within one second at all times during any 24-hour stretch.
DEVELOPING
Make Your Housekeeping Much Simpler And Give A Sort of Picnic Air to Your Home '
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY, Inexpensively. Home remedy. ••limon la le. Uuaraotted. Advice fr## Rurllell'a Rnv I Winn neg.
such as

BEST RESULTS—ROLLS BEVEL-oped with higloss deckled edged prints—25c. Reprints Sc. Beautiful enlargement free. Prompt service. Excel Photos. 1266 Lansdowne Ave, Toronto.
2.
PLUMBING SUPPLIES
There are dozens of things that can be put away for the hot months, to make housekeeping simpler and at the same time give a sort of picnic air to the house.
Roll up the dining room rug and tote it up to the attic to stay until fall Set the table right up to the windows, country style, so what-breeze there is will cool us
B>wM8.
USED
; SLIGHTLY Sinks, Closets, Pipes. Baslr* ,pir» Extinguishers, also new. Plumbing, 62 Crsig West, real.
500
3.—Only
irai
EXCHANGE OF OLD BOOK»
¦ ¦ CORRESPONDENCE Home Study Courses bought and sold; Canada's Largest dealer: big prices paid for old book*. Send ten cents stamps or coin foor list Economy Distributing Company, Leamington. Ontario.___
USED
OR
REVIVED AFTER 200 CENTURIES .
It Is reported that living organisms dating back 20,000 years have been revived by Soviet scientists after a long sleep In frozen solL Species of water plants and fungi and also soil bacteria were found In a state of suspension in the fro-soil strata of Eastern Siberia the bones of extinct mammoth
ence.
wife should be a little more cordial and add, “I am very glad to see you," or some similar expression. 6.— Merely ask the waiter, “Where •hall I pay?" 6.—Breakfasts, luncheons, teas, suppers, and musics le«.
SALK OF MINK
one !____	..
cents. Prompt delivery. COD. Top Notch Ouelph, Ontario.
MINK OF HIGH GRADE QUA -iTY. «pedal «ale during July an 3 August at prices far below KfUjef-Every animal will be peri) .ally, selected. Orders filled ae r*
Write to-day. L. A. Jones, U? *• bot Street. 8L Tbomtis.
ever
off while we eat. Having no cur-ulna or draperies, helps to complete the vacation effect. Pat away all superfluous bric-a-brac, and the living room, with small scatter rugs, Is a place now to park in with
GET BRAY But last
YOU CAN STILL
want July chicks of famous Bray quality—sturdy.	feet - growing,
ly laying. August hatches to
S2î£& North,	Ont.
>o<L
MACHINERY A SHOP SUPPLIES
i
NEW AND REBUILT MACHINERY of every description—boilers end engin
anlc'e tool largest machinery house. Write or call The A. R. Williams Machinery Company, Limited. 64 Front St., West, Toronto.
TIRES AND BICYCLES FOR Aid#
lectrlc	motors—mech-
beiting. Canada's
V
sen
<1ÙD
$2.00 UP. GUARANTEED Tires; Bicycles. $10.00 up for bargain price ltst.
¦ US Dundee West, Tor
100th Year Begun
By Cunard Line
Cuncrd Shipping Line, founded by Samuel Cunard, Halifax, N.S., entered its 100th
year
ship trade July 4 al voyage by the Cunard Line, which merged with the White Star Line five years ago, started July 4, 1840, when the Britannia headed out from Liverpool, England, for Halifax and New York.
180
near bison.
Soviet scientists, using nature’s refrigerator In the Arctic for their experiments, have been seeking to locate the boundary between life and death for many years.
lie

r-m to
Joy.
üsü
Cockerel* $6.76. Extra Profit Srarfe add one cent. Special Mating add two cents. Prompt delivery. Will ship C O D. Three week old capons. 4 week old and older pullet». Tweddle Chick Hatcheries, Limited. Fergus. Ontario.
to,
Tire.
;
G FT
Heat and strong light put an extra strain on nerves. Therefore It to be extremely sensible to
USED FURNITURE FUR *AL3
MEDICAL
The
v. FC*
»r "old
GOOD USED FURNITURE: S Dining Suite $16.00; Ches t Suites $20.00; Chesterfield I Suite $39.60; Studio Couche# SM.0P 9-piece Dining Suites, like new. $49.60; Breakfast Suites $-1.00. Hundreds of other articles, "rite u» for your requirement».!
* rranged If necessary. M Furniture Co., Limited. C Street, Toronto.___________
seems
shade all rooms from glare. .
In the south they prepare for heat sensibly, and arrange their schedules much better than we do. We could take some lessons from their example, and mothers with families, would find the afternoon siesta a plan worth trying.
of
HAY FEVER — Perthshire Medicated Snuff. Pleasant. Convenient Relieves all cae sixes. Sole Agente O. B. Product». Importers, Box 616. Toronto.
led
60c and $1.00
in the trans-Atlantic stcam-
The inaugur-
Low Temperature
Prevents Mould
M U M II \ ITI'RE FOR SALK
6-0 Bay:
SAVE 10% OR MORE ON NEW Furniture. Our large five-floor warehouse la stocked with complete home furnishings. By selling direct from our WAREHOUSE
DAY OLD AND STARTED CHICK
K3r:,5t„,!eiaVMe $%:
White Rocks. New Hampshire Reds. Hybrids $1.26. Ten day old 00% Leghorn Pullet* $16.90. Barred Rork Pullets $12.4$. Non aex-ed $9.45:	Cockerel* $8.75. Two
wecek old mdd one rez Three week old mdd five rent* to ten old prices. Big Mg# Quality add cent Prompt delivery COD
Chink Hatchery,
The housewife who likes to serve a variety of breads at each meal fisde herself faced with rapid bread spoilage when warm, damp weather arrives. If bread is wrapped in frerti waxed paper and stored in the refrigerator instead of the bread box, she will find that the loaf should stay fresh and unspoiled for several days longer.
USED TIRES A RETREADS KOS
SALE
i
i
Big-Money Dwarf»
"Snow Whit,” has earned near 1, $7,000,000 and is expected to draw another $2,000,000 abroad. Previous record was made by “The Ringing Poor which earned about $5,000,000.
rom
USED TIRES AND RETREAD-any car or truck. Sue e Every tire guaranteed, v gallon and up. Batteries, etc. ere wanted. Write for fié*
Buy with
ada'a largest retreadsra. $1 Tire Company,
King West. Hi
pea» this big aevlng on to you. Terme arranged. Freight prepaid. Write ua to-day. Valuable or tume given for sending customer» to u*. McKenna Furniture Co.. Limited, 626 Bay Street, Toronto.
SR
The output of central electric stations in Canada during May was 2,333,235,000 kilowatt hours. This was a gain of 12.1 per cent, over May, 1038, and was the highest May output on record.
IS I
>ar-
d.
Ilsta. Order* i confidence, fron

dr
»n*
linden ElS’trl Limited. Rad#n. Ontario
Box Wf* ll.-iSS
On tart9.
'3*
Issue No. 29
atmltcn,
###PAGE###3###
“I want you boys to realize that this Is serious business," the Recorder told the offender» many of you think that it is smart to pass red lights, stop signs, ride two on a bicycle and then commit other offences and get away with out punishment.
150 Bicyclist»
Have To Pay Up
Rounded up in * Montreal pa lice enfety campaign for blcyela-drivere, 160 youthe appeared before Recorder Leone» Plante and were fined $1 each on chargee of breaking rerloue traffic regulation».
One Of The Forlorn Scene» In Recent Kentucky Flood »
“Toe
Sunday
School
Lesson
I
By William Ferguson
This Curious World
LESSON IV
AH; A LIFE OF TRUST—2ND CHRONICLES 14 AND 13
Prated Toil, 2 Chronicles 14:2 • 12 Qorcen Text — “Help us, O Jehov-i • our God: for we rely on thee.”
m Chron. 14:11.
the lesson in its setting
r; 'no — Asa ruled from 917 11.17.

^ SBCRETARy MAD,


%

t

C>/=* PtZEV; THE SAME

HAWKS, SUT, SINCE
y

t?2
V
Mtr
te TeG B.(
Mareshah was a fort!-'je hill country of Jud-st of Hobrou. Gerar is at \ie southern extremity of Can-ltam ’t was a city In the tribe about three miles to
CP

Ci
fief, city
ah ûort 1

INSTEAD OF
IN M/D-A/R.,
nr has
DEVELOPED
fXDWEfVUL
if*
t

i

ï
AU
o! I- en Jam tu îorfh oX Jerusalem
Ulllllllllllllllllllltltp third king of Judah af.>: th" disruption of the two klLfdoma. and the great-grandson
yjjten years of his reigu were mt. ked by unbroken peace because ut :.- e great victory which his fath-ef Abljah bad won over Jeroboam, KiLi* of Israel (chapter 13).
And Asa did that which was and right In the eyes of Jebov-» God: 8. for he took away the *n altars, and the high places. al' brake down the pillars, and he h«w?d dowu the Asherlr, 4. and ooLLBianded Judali to seek Jehovah, the. Clod ot tbelr fathers, and to do tht aw and the commandment. 5. Aik« he took away out of all the elite* of Judah the high places and the gun-images: and the kingdom quiet before him. This might he railed the first great revival auu*3g the Jewish people since the
entrance Into the land.
The high places were sanctuaries authorised by the law. where times Jehovah was worshiped.
head; the taxi was
-
> . ‘ a wr«*
"Flat Hot” New Style Hot Dog
Y oung People Commit Most Crimes Here
*
More Cancer Than Ever In Canada

Most fortunately the


fin

9
ANT
X
The fraternity of the finger pusher and the society of the hand-wrap-around can noW be dissolved. With the •‘Flat-hot" mankind has reached a new zenith of Ingenuity, •ays the Christian Science Monitor.
conventional
*
Public Will Be Asked To Assist In Fight; Committees to Be Formed In Major Hospitals
76 Per Cent of Canada’s Pri-Population Is Below the Age of 25 — 60 Per Cent. Is
Below 21

aL
(ant este)
WE«5
THE

foi
IS AN
IMPORTANT
the
Heretofore round ‘ Coney Island," "Hot Dog/' or Just plain "Frankfurt," as the great American sandwich Is variously known, his presented Us problem. Its tendency to escape from under the roll necessitated pushing the frankfurter back Into the roll, or, especially, favored by children, simply wrapping the entire hand around the roll.
But the Flat-hot, less than half inch thick and more than two Inches wide, solves all that. It lies flat on the bun, and even supplies something of a non-skid surface f the condiments heaped on In response to your nod to the server's
question, "with?"
A renewed fi ght against cancer in Canada with cancer committees to be formed in major hospitals, was forecast by Dr. S. McEacheru of Calgary, chairman of the association's cancer committee. He told the General Council of the Canadian Medical Association that the public would be asked to •ist and that people would be urged to consult physicians at the first of anything resembling can-
1
Seventy-five per cent, of Canada’s prison population is below the age of 25 and 60 per cent, of the inmates are under 21, Crown Attorney A. Douglas Bell, K.C., told a Wallaceburg audience last week.
HAVE A ODMCAU RgSCAABLANÇE
TO THte TRUNKS MINIATURE ELEPHANTS.

X .
0 — 4
war
No Work Basic Rea
Unemployment and discouraging economic conditions were largely to blame for the alarming increase in criminal activities among young people, he admitted.
"But poverty is not altogether
"It must be
as-
sign
an
no
cer
son.-
1>l: more frequently the gods of the
nations about Israel.
T; ose places of worship ultimate-centers of fearful Keen-
It is reported there is more canin Canada than ever and
S^SSS5S55®S
sharp claws
cer now
it stands next to heart disease as • major cause of death.
Funds for the cancer campaign will come from the King George V Silver Jubilee Cancer Fund C. M. A. was entrusted with the income from this fund to organ-caAcer campaign. Under
M I
to blame," he said remembered that many of our leading citizens of today were raised in similar poverty. Their homes 50 years ago were often poor in material things but they spiritually rich. In those days children learned high moral and re ligious standards that did not break down under hardships '
IU1!
ly LE come lioness, all In the name of religion. out of course a false religion, v. And he built fortified cities in for the land was quiet, and In Lad no war lu those years, be-Jehorah had given him rest.
NOT: Are there
i
The
n i
there
were
Flying piece of glass from a
bursting bottle cut the jugu of a small boy at Long Eton,
Eng., and killed him.
t
l
ize a ¦p chairmanship of Dr. T. C. Routley of Toronto, the Canadian Society for Control of Cancer was set up some time ago. The hospital committees will be a new develop-
GRASPING ORGAN
vein

cause
7. Por he said unto Judah, let us bu'.id those cities, and make about th&ti walls, and towers, gates, and ; the land is yet before us, be-ca.ite we have sought Jehovah our OckI; we have sought him, and he hu:k given us rest on every aide, go :aey built and prospered. 8. And Asa had an army that bare bucklers And spears, out of Judah three hundred thousand; and out of Ben-juala, that bare shields and drew bows, two hundred and fourscore thousand: all these were mighty of valor. It will always be
l
13 It
HORIZONTAL
I Pictured organ of man.
5 It is also called
• It is the terminal of the arm.
unusual of its digits» 13 Not public. IS To suit 19 Membranous
b*:*
NOTES
illWiSiy s
qbmiiis awK whims
isaire
MSB MlsltiPStili liWfl
RADIO
ment
Background Of Lake Superior
History of That Part of Canada Would Make A Thrilling Movie—Starting With The Vikings
NEWS
bag.
AND
IKED
fsitisa y
liWtiim
^ii^h y,
you y:
il QHÜ
si
»; wiiM
0ISIQ PtiSMIlQIS UffllS 2IIM ysaieil II3MI»;
¦ d>: y 6 d sanisiiSKiaise
' 11 3 V ii ¦
22 Adapted for
tting.
24 Received by the ear.
26 Twice.
26 House cat.
30 Cuckoo.
32	Water barrier, 34 Series of
epical events. 3$ Baking dishes, 38 Pricked painfully.
36 Affirms.
40 Myself.
42	Refrain in song.
44 Spore
43	Burmese knife 47 To have Visio* 49 Being.
30	Spanish.
31	Within
33	Preposition.
eu
By MADGE ARCHER
«TT
11	Ingenuous.
12	Business.
ISMud.
14	Score card.
15	Flabby.
17	Ancient.
18	Note in scale.
20	Cravat.
21	Common verb. 3# Amidic.
41 Mother.
8:30 p.m 8:30 p.m
Kitchen of the Air . . .
NBC. Hobby Lobby . . .
MBS-CBL. Goldman Band 10:45 p.m Coicert . .
Faith’s Music ... 10 p.m. CBL, Roy Shield's Orchestra p.m. NBC, Rudy Vallee p.m. CBS%CFRB Listen to a Story
CBS CBL Toronto 10 p.m. CBS-CFRB
SUMMER PROGRAMS
During hese summer months big are taking time off to rest
in the
9 to
mt-c.
foind that when people ire truly following God they are thrifty, industrious. active, and wise, personally and nationally.
3 And there came out against
tLem Zerali the Ethiapiau with an am,y of a thousand thousand, ana turee hundred chariots; and be
came unto Mareshah.
fortified city in the hill conn-try of Judah northwest of Bebvon, ana about one mile south of Belt-
names
before starting again Fall. Major networks are taking the opportunity of introducing experiments in the fields of drama, quiz, variety and musical programs, and the airwaves are turning into veritable "summer experimental theatres". Producers and sponsors are listening In with the next season In
CBS-CFRB. Stadium 9:30 p.m. CBL, Percy

37 Musical work. $3 Its carpus
July 27, 8:00 . 8:30
There is so much In the history of l*ake Superior which could be developed Into a spectacular and romantic motion picture, a picture which would have both historical Interest and great scenic beauty, says the Saul It Dally Star.
There is, for example, opportunity for a vivid portrayal of the visits of the Norse Vikings here close to 1.000 years ago. The Indian life of the period before the white man would make an attractive episode. The arrival of Httenne Brule, the first of the French explorers and adventurers, the story of the eilff missionaries, the pageant when St.
Lusson at Sault Ste claimed the whole Interior of the continent a possession of Louis XIV. the fur traders, the search for
copper jfÊ/ÊÊ/tÊÊWÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊM
Ronde and Alexander Henry, the
story of Fort St. Joseph and Fort Mlchilimacklnac, the explorations of Radlsson and scores of other episodes, right down to the building of the canals, the vast shipping of today and modern Industrial development.
There Is a story there which is worth recording.
or
22	Thus.
23	Lava.
25	Transposed
26	Genus of
VERTICAL
2	Imbecile.
3	Spikenard.
4	To perish.
3 Its palm and its digits.
• Nothing.
. . . 9:00 p.m Promenade .
Columbia Workshop.
FORECAST FOR FALL News beginning to filter through gives Indication of what a » 11 sea-holds. New transcription programs which go on the air soon are •The Shannons" with Jimmy, Lucille and Russell Gleason, and,
with Victor
4 I
weather.
beets
beauty.
43 Platform.
46 Custom.
48 Black haw.
30	Han.
31	Phle»natk. 52 Wild buffalo:
mind
27 Mug.
20 Secular.
31 To do again. 33 Part of foot
35	Sun personified.
36	Seventh note in scale.
TO BE HEARD
July 21. 1:30 p.m. CBC-CBL Farm Broadcast; 8 p.m. ETA ET AO KA
WÊSÊlÊIMÊKÊÊÊKÊÊKtÊKÊÊÊtÊi
. . . 11 to 12:30 CFRB, Dancing
Time	iBlHH
Your Friendly Gardener ... 7 p.m
CBC-CBL The Little Review . .
8 p.m. CBS-CFRB, Columbia Con cert Orchestra . . . 8:30 p.m. CBS CFRB, Professor Qulzz ... 10 p.m NBC, Benny Goodman Camels . . . July 23 11:30 p.m. NBC-CBL, The
12 noon - NBC-
CBL, Radio City Music Hall . . .
CBS-CFRB, Goodwill 3 p.m. CBS-CFRB. Cot-
7 p.m
, 8 p.m. NBC-
CBL, Chase and Sanborn Hour . . . 9:30 p.m- NBC. American Album . . . 10 p.m. NBC, Sunset Symphony . . . July 24 8 p.m. NBC (red) Al.
. . 8:30 p.m. NBC, Magic 10 pm. NBC, True or False . . . 10 p.m. CBS-CFRB, Guy Lombardo
CBL, Dan Turner s Orchestra . . . 8 p.m. NBC, Johnny Presents . . . 8:30 p.m Please . and Madness CBL, Alec Templeton p.m. NBC. If I Had a Chance July 26. 2:45 p.m. CFRB. Ontario
son
JtSrtn
Then Asa went out to meet him, ami t'jey set the battle In ar* hi the valley of Zephatbah at Marshall. 11. And Asa cried unto Jeur'vah bis God, and said, Jeko-thof ! Is none beside thee to
8 p.m. Cities Service
•	Chum.
•	Entrance. 10 To forghre.
ray
July 22, 12 Noon CFRB,
"Three Musketeers Jory, Jack Mnlhall and Herbert Rawlinson. A new Hollywood sus tainer "Under Western Skies" starring Johnny Mack Brown started over CBS Friday, July 7th plans for ace writers for the Columbia Workshop series Include the name of Phillip Barry who Is being sought for an original play. Those set for future scripts are Lord Dun-William Saroyan and Dorothy
1
he r, between the mighty and him tbt: hath no strength; help us, O Jehovah our God; for we rely on and act i.i thy name are we ogaiust this multitude. O Je-
CBS
Marie pro-

the-
cox
he,rah, thou art our God; let not man prevail against thee, with Cod at his back is always in the majority; and, however many there may be on the other side, "tneig are move that be with us than they that be with them."
If we have made God's cause ours, he will make our cause his, down to the minucest point In our daily
Southernalres
and other minerals by l«a
2:30 p.m Court . . umbla Symphony CFRB, Alibi Club
jgüi—P——
Parker. Judy Garland will join Bob
Hope as featured vocalist. Joe Pen has been definitely engaged to return to the air-waves at the beginning of the coming season for the baking sponsor who presented “Jane Arden." The show will open on Octobrr 6, at 8:30 p.m. over the NBC (blue) network and will originate In Hollywood. A1 Raynor will continue to write original songs for the program and Joe will of course have Suzabella with him. Starting July 17, George McCalls "Man About Hollywood" takes the first half hour of the departing Lux Radio Theatre, while the second half goes to the Guy Wmbardo show.
CBS

ner
Pearce
lives
Key
12. So Jehovah smote the Ethiopians before Asa, and before Judah sad the Ethiopians fled. We have right to look for divine co-operation till we have done our best;
not to sit with folded bands aLd expect a complete salvation to be wrought for us. and then to continue as idle spectators of God s redemption of mankind; we are to tax our resources to the utmost, to gather our hundreds of soldiers;
,> aro-k out our own sal va-
July 25, 8.00 p.m. CBC
Exclusive Music
110
NBC-CBL, Information 9:00 p.m. NBC, Melody 0:30 p.m. NBC . 10:00
Hitler's favourite "BadenweiJer March" must not be played at pub lie gatherings except in the presence of the Führer. Fines up to 562.60 or six weeks' imprisonment ire the penalties.
we are

v
By J. MILLAR WATT
ONE OF TME BEST MEN
a I THE FIRM
/L EVER
TURNED OUT i;
we are t Won.
Not Much of a Recommsndation
didn’t your last
EMPLOYER (51’/G YOU
A REFFPPNCE ?
POP
V/U AT DID HE SAY ?
Must Keep Both
Hands On Wheel
YESSIR
GL
i
i
IT ISNT
MUCH
r,OOD

I
%

\ All drivers who steer automobiles with one hand on Hamilton, Oat., streets will be prosecuted,
Chief Constable Thomas A. Brow •sid last week.
City Clerk James Barry complained to the police çommicsion on behalf of a city councillor. Some drivers were creating a trafic hazard by resting along the window ledge of their
ears.


/
r
%
V
1

&

i
!
csr

f
v
' /V

<


'
y
i

i

one arm

;
I
i

\

Following drivers often a ed H as i signal for a tut
cat
me

m




he



*


5 It
SB!


said
fae
>
à
###PAGE###4###

Will>h be Appointed School Commis aioner to till out Çomr. Glenn’s term, i Un motion of Comr. Stewart ibt meeting adjourned.
THE EQUITY
HODGINS
GARAGE
Shur-Gain Balanced Feeds
SHAVVVILLE. JULY 27, 1939

N
\
H, I. Smith, Sec. Treas
\
\
\
Quebec to Establish Fishing Reserve
Establishment of a 2,600-fqunre-mile fishing reserve between L>e La Couenne Brook and the Louvincourt River, 140 miles northwest of Montreal on the Mont Laurier Senneterre Highway, was announced last week by the Quebec Fish and Game Department.
Site of the reserve was chosen by department officials because of numerous lakes and rivers in the area stocked with speckled trout, grey trout, mask in-onge, dore, sturgeon and pike.
Fishing regulations similar to those prevailing in the province’s national parks will be enforced in the reserve.
Télégraphié Report on Crop Conditions Up To July 15th
We have become members of Canada Puckers Sir t Gain Feed Service and are now the exclusive nmimtactur-« reef Sliur'Ghftltt Balanced Feeds in this district.
Our complete list of Shut-Gain Halnm vd Feeds ttM Hogs, Poultry and Cattle are made from scientifically prepared fonntilae, designed to give maximum production aud growth as well as keep all farm stock in excellent health. All Shttr Gain Balanced Feeds have been tested and proved in every way to give outstanding results and are manufactured only by Feed Service!	jfj*.
This Shur Gain Feed Service is a plan of co-operation between our mill and the manufacturers of Shur Gain Concentrates with the following objectives.
1st—To supply at a reasonable pi ice a complete balanced feed for Live Stock aud Poultry to the feeders in this dis trict who need a complete feed manufactured in Montreal. and sold under Shur Gain brand. The formulae are supplied by Canada Packers Limited who guarantee the analysis. By adding grains and grain by products at oitr mill, we are in a position to make a balanced feed at a lower cost thau other popular brands of teed. »
2nd—To add to your grains a concentrate to make a balanced feed for your Poultry and Livestock. We can grind your grains, sell you Concentrate and mix these together so that yon van take home a balanced mixed feed. Mo*t of which you supply yourself.
8rd —To give ad vice on your feeding problems Balanced feeding will lower your cost of producing Eggs, Pork,
Beef and Milk
production at a saving to you.
We shall be glad to have your inquiries order will convince you of the saving Shut Gain Feeds can make-for you.
Trace Unlucky Thirteen
Back to Norse Mythology
Are you one of those who would rather miss the most sumptuous meal than be one of thirteen at the table?
It is claimed that when 13 people sit down together at a meal, the first to rise will die within a year. This morbid suggestion was first met in Norse mythology; at a banquet in Valhalla, Loki, the God of Strife, attending as an unbidden guest, by guile contrived the death of Bqldur, the God of Peace.
The fact that 13 sat down at the Last Supper has given the superstition tremendous reverential emphasis, asserts a writer in London Tit-Bits magazine.
According to ancient lore, numbers possessed sex; the odd being masculine and the even feminine. All the male numbers were supposed to be lucky, while the feminine were neutzal ; 13, however, broke the spell of good luck and was held to be definitely harmful. Scotland calls 13 “the devil’s dozen."
So widespread is this feeling against 13 that in many towns no house in a street, no room in a hotel, is given this number. No superstitious gambler will back 13, or even enter the “Saloon" on the thirteenth of the month.
Oldsmobile, Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
*
X
X
X
X
ember# of tho Shur Otun
Fence
Requirements
For Your
I
x
The Agricultural Division of the Provincial Bureau of Statistics published last week its fourth telegraphic re port of the season, reproducing the nummary of information received from the district agronomists of the Province.
Thanks to the kind elaboration of the Plant Protection Service, Department of Agriculture, they were able to give, as a supplement to the report on crop condition, a summary of the development of diseases, of insects and pests in the Province of Quebec.
District No 15—Including Gatineau, Hull, Papineau and Pontiac. Hayiug is general in this district. The yield will be 25 percent, inferior to that of last year, Cereals will yield well but straw is short due to the drought in June. Silage corn is considerably backward. Potatoes and roots promise a good crop. Fertilized pastures and dairy production
Weather is' rather
Part of this feed is
It is completed nt our mill
X
Try Frost Steele and Wire Company’s Famous Tight Lock Fencing
x
>
X
It cost very little more per acre for n good fence that will hold the stock in place while you slumber. Wo have a good assortment at present.
Bones of Saint Rest in
. Cartagena's Old Chapel
Cartagena is one of the oldest cities on the Spanish Main. It is renowned as the home of Colombia's patron sa&àb» San Pedro Clever, a godly' man of early Colonial days who wore a crown of thorns, let insects bite him, and devoted much of his time to healing the wounds of slaves brought over from Africa, recall^ a writer in the Chicago Tribune. .
We can show you how to get better
bolding up well tool for the vegetation.
Apple trees-—Scab is very prevalent •hards where no spraying has l*$n done and where it has not been done properly. Bacterial blight made «its appearance everywhere at the same time, that is within the past few days ; in several localities it has developed to *ueb an extent as to make the ordinary j methods of treatment hard to advise.’ Those whose orchards are most affected will have tr> wait until the fall to make
J. L,. HODfjrINS
A trial
Phone 64 J.
in ore
^95505550555
tAAzUft/fyfAzlyiziziZ'^^Ziyzz'zixiziziziywV'yrtz xv'xv ?i/’/yy / /
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., BEC'O.
IV
San Pedro lived in the monastery
,	. .. , „ .. which still bears his name. His
a good pruning to get rid of all the ^nes repose in a glass case upon cankerous wood. It ia unfortuuate that the altar in the chapeL They are
frmt pockets should be so prevalent be- j covered ^ a silken caR6py-, fvom
cause this disease prevents a tree from 1 -
bearing fruit for two years.
DALE’S TINSHOP
Feed Poultry Well To Get Best Results
Tenders Wanted
Sealed Tenders will Vv received , > Consideration was given at the re the undersigned up to'noor, August 7in, cent meeting of the Poultry Industry 1939, for the fallowing •	Committee in Ontario to the question
the top of which his*' skull looks down.
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Captain Lawrence Washington, brother of George Washington, laid siege to the port in 1741, but was unablë to capture it.
Slmwville, Que., July 17, 1939 The city was founded in 1533 and Clarendon School Board met on the contains much of its old-time scenic above date. Present : Commissioners attractions. Mosquelike domes and Hudgins, Hobbs and Walsb, and the Moorish towers emphasize the sky-newly elected Commissioners, Rev. line. There are many fortifications,
T. E R. Nurse and Rexford Wilson, It is because of their former who subscribed to their Oath of Office strength that the city was called and took their seats at the Board.	“Little Carthage." These fortifica-
Oomr Hodgins occupied tha chair lions inclose the city, often with pro tern.	ramparts 30 feet high and from 40
Minutes of last meeting read and ap- to 100 feet thick. They aroused proved on motion of Comr Wilson. great envy and chagrin in the minds Motion—Comr Hobbs—That Comr of Sir Francis Drake and Sir Henry Hurst Hodgins be appointed Chairman Morgan, who had to resort to many for the ensuing term.—Carried. .*• -i. stratagems before being able to The Auditor’s report was read and break through the circle. The forts considered and it was moved by Comr were originally • built to resist pi- f Goose Kangs High’ Means Walsh that it be accepted as read.— rates and were the stoutest and	Favorable Sailing Ahead
- SKErHHEE
as Household .Science Teacher and also The hill which dominates the land- certainty - that when the goose
SSimZSSS.ZT&XSSZgS’SS'Æ
iSSi United ^Ze.	i»
School : all the inside of No. 7 School ; also pipeless furnace to be installed in basement of No. 5 School.
Motion—Comr Nurse, to adjourn.—
Carried.
of the impression abroad that the quality of eggs now being offered for sale in Canada, particularly from producing areas in Eastern Canada, is not as good as that cf a year ago. Nutritional experts advance the suggestion that there is a definite relation between the quality of feed and the quality of the eggs produced, and that, in instances whore birds are allowed .to range for Specifications may be obtained'at the themselves and given little or no cereal office of the undersigned,. The (lowest j and prepared feeds, very few grade ‘A’ tender not necessrily accepted eggs are produced.
tf.DTivno ROUTAT	With the growing volume of the lower
HAhLAND C. ttuwa i,	gradeSi (here has been a steady increase
Secretary Treasurer	in the premium of the higher grades
Village of ShavrvHte ow *be '?wer «rAdes- TmntinS to M
much as six cents per dozen on some
markets, cr upwards of 30 per cent, of the value This, officials of the Dominion Department of Agriculture claim, should be in itself the greatest possible incentive for more systematic feeding of laying stock at this time of the year..
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
Painting Fire Hall
New Roof on Water Tank
Painting Water Tank and Frame work.
BEATTY PUMPS
Tenders may he made with or without
Tenders mftj? be
material' > up plied submitted separately for each work,' or
for all three.
We carry a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.
Let us know your requirements and we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
r any
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Coffee Plantations Are
- Operated by Hand Power
Coffee plantations are interesting places, especially to Americans who are accustomed to seeing only American-style production of ordinary agricultural crops.
Coffee seeds are thickly sown in carefully prepared beds. The seeds sprout in about 40 days, showing two small leaves.
The plants then are transferred to the nursery plots in rows about a foot apart. During two years In the
times corn saved them from starve- I American dictionaries say that the nursery the plants grow about two tion, for they seemed to fail in their * probability is that "hangs” is a mis- feet. Then they are ready for transsmall wheat fields. It was corn that j pronunciation of “honks.*’ To sup- planting into holes as described kept them supplied with bread, ob port this view, some students of say- above.
serves a writer in the Rural New- ings and folklore in the West say When the roots take hold firmly Yorker.	I that early settlers always said hang in their new location, the young
In all the years since then, corn I for honk because they talked trees are bent over and clamped to has been the great American cereal through their noses. That seems to the ground by forked pins. This crop. "Corn is King" in most of our be rather far-fetched. Although breaks the skin or bark some eight north central states,	the Oxford dictionary does not refer 0r ten inches from the ground.
More than half the com in the t0 goose, it cites venison as a From these breaks many little world is grown in the United States, meat that is permitted to hang sprouts shoot upward. As soon as The second country in com produc- high or as an American phrase the. healthy ones can be distin-tion is Argentina, the third is Siv-et has. “• tou get sanctified. In Vir- guished. they are pruned down to Russia and the fourth is Brazil. *,n,a- *’he? hunting and cooking four. This process makes for bushy Leadimz all our states Iowa with trace directly to England, quail and trees.
s særsû’Kifs s? sjuSP s	sr«rstiMS
100 000 008 bushels More than half would seem, therefore, that the City correspondent in the Chicago 3f Wisconsin’s 2,400,000 acres of corn Westerners were not mispronounc- Tribune, the trees are ready to proire rut into the silos	m*' but misunderstanding. Perhaps duce. In the meantime tne soil must
_	,	, ._r . those who erred were not of English be kept clean and the shade trees
The pioneers of America a ,tock. and being unfamiliar with the at a correct foliage density. The constant use of corn for their a y yiom> thought the word was honk, grown coffee tree is about eight feet
S5S	EF ««
MHfillilËIP
wmmwmrnmm
the Colonists rigged up larger mill- ;rlt ?r sr.d further into the Gulf of	d '
sftme• mad, later, harnessed the water power for their operation.
ESTABLISHED 1888
INVALID
COACH
GEORGE HYNES & SON
or
Dirootors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
Phone
J. A Dean, See.-Treas
Bristol School Board
Beattie’s Eye Service
July 18th, 1939
Bristol School Commis*:mers met on above date Present, Commissioners Graham, Stewart and Woods.
Commissioner T F. Graham subscribed to bis oath of office.
Motion by Comr. Graham that Comr., Woods be appointed Chairman for the coming year.
The minutes of last meeting w»re read and on motion of Comr. Stewart were adopted.
Commissioner Glenn tendered his resignation as School Commissioner
Motion by Comr. Graham, that Comr. Glenn’s resignation be accepted.
Motion by Comr. that this Board charge Smith Bros. $30.00 for the plans and specifications of our Intermediate School.
The tenders for conveying the pupils from No. I district to No. 9 school were opened and discussed :
Motion by Comr. Stewart, that J. C. Glenn’s tender for the above mentioned work for the year 1939 4U at $550.00 be accepted, and also that the Chairman and Sec-Treas be appointed to sign the contract for same before H. C. Bowat, of Shawville.
Motion by Comr. Graham that H. H.
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If yeu want to see is you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
•/
f
4
ii
Scientist Eye Examination»

Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
KATHLEEN M. ROLLINS
T.T. BEATTIE,
Professional Optomt’iat
t.
Febru
ary
9
###PAGE###5###
Service Announcement Results of Grade 10
June Exams
The Equity
Shawville United Church Rk\ A F. Fokw B. A., B.D. PA*tor
Sunday, July 30 11.00 H.tn. Servi •» Shawville 1.30 i> m.—Service at Zion : i | -Memorial Service at Shaw-ville Cemeterie# in co-operation ' with tho Anglican church. Speaker, Rev. Stanley Andrews, of Montreal,
7 00 p.<n. ervice at Stark'* Corners At all church aerv • the Pfcstof will
preach.
PRINTING
FLY SPRAYS
BslabllaneS 1313
rVBt.IHHKD KVEHY TttVBaDÀT AT
SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC
ÛHADg X At'AbKMlt; CoUBMK Maximum mark» 1000
All kinds of Fly Sprays for inside and outside
815
LtftMIe Smith Muriel Murphy Owenyth Shaw lit Ivn Bretzlatf Hilda Wallace Shirley Horner Hfclma Bretzlaff lea Horner.
lea Cotie .... Dean Pokes ... Marion Smyth
806
annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
754
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
SI 50
755
# #
use
2.00
730
as
720
Protect your children by
3R'1
keeping the flics down, and also make more money from your herd by using a dependable Fly Spray
708
All arrears must be paid In full before any paper I» discontinued
080
080
Bristol United Church C. AlMflTBOHO SAUbi B. D. Sunday, July 30
St. Andrews, Sunday School, 10.00 a.in. BEtar	1 x 00 a,m.
2.30 pm. 10.30 sum. 8 .00 p.m
049
607
w. o. COWAN, PUBLISHER
General Course
Maximum mark» MOO
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
667
Gilbert Walsh..
Dorah Beattie ,
Bruce Findlay .
Iris Harris .....
John McLean...
Bernice Fletcher Marion Wright .
Irvine Brownlee.
Lois Hayes......
Hubert Walsh .
Helen Wickens Elizabeth Argue McDowell
Isobel Sly and * Marguerite Grant absent from exams on account of illness, were promoted on year’s work.
Service at
I,	W
Farm for Sale
684
Knox,
Austin, Sunday School, "	Service at
663
565
Well Improved Farm, being Lot Tt the ith Rajuftof the Township of Clarendon, containing 60 acres more or leas, four miles south of Shawville For further particulars apply to,
MRS. JAS. P CARSON,
f ' R B. No. 8, |-
Sbawville, Que.
546
I
i
THE CORNER STORE.
643
on

ANGLICAN St. Pavl’h
Sunday, July 30
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School.
11.00	a m.—Holy Communion 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luk*V*
l.00 p m.—Children’s Service
lifei Holyj Trinity
Service Withdrawn
2.45 p.m —Memorial Service to be held in the Village Cemetery
Parish or North Clarendon Mr. Hugh Mortimer, in charge
Oreermount, Morning Prayer,
N. Onslow, Evening Prayer,
Thorne Centre, Evening Prayer, 7.30
536
535
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts I SHAWVILLE, •
533
630
528
QUE.
501
488
Ina
Phone 88-83
!
—
Many Famous People Are
Numbered as Cat Lovers
Frederick B. Eddy In "The Planter of the Hearth” (National Geographic magazine) says:
"Many famous people have been numbered among cat lovers. Among these was Mohammed, who cut off a piece of his cloak rather than disturb his pet asleep upon it. Cardinal Richelieu signed his state papers with a host of kittens playing upon his desk. Theodore Roosevelt had several cats in the White House Poincare and Clemenceau both loved cats, and the latter directed that he be burled near his pets which had given him so much joy. Mark Twain has immortalized the cat Tom Quartz in ‘Roughing It.’
"Henry James often worked with a
cat on his shoulder. Edgar Allan Poe loved cats, although his famous ‘The Black Cat’ hardly gives an attractive picture. Then there, are Charles Dudley Warner, whose tribute to his cat Calvin has become one of the classics of American literature. Booth Tarkington has a rare understanding of cats, as his description of the belligerent, looseliving Gipsy in ‘Penrod and Sam’ plainly shows. Even crabbed old Thomas Carlyle so enjoyed cats' society that his wife complained that his indulgence of their appetites was fast ruining the rug be-, ueath the dining room table.”
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
10.30
Successor to G. F Hodgins Co. Limited
2.30
Mid-Summer Sale
Roy G. Fraser
USED CARS
Clearing lines of Women’s White Shoes
Gifts, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886 Phone 160
Flowers,
1938—Ford V-8, Small Mileage 1938—Plymouth,
1935—Ford Truck, stake body
These are all in good running order and can be bought on easy terms over a period of 18 months. Horses and cattle taken in exchange.
Call and look them over.
4
a
Oxfords, Sandals and Pumps
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in vite your patronage i rders of $1.00 or over, phone
us
$5.00 or over $h< ne us collect and we shall prepay.

Only odd sizes left
If your size is here
they are extra value
$1.49
I
On
i
On orders of
»


G. A. Howard & Son
at
Ford Dealers
Sand and White Oxfords, with
79
cfepe sole .................... *
Special Table of Womens Oxfords, Sandals, Pumps and Straps, in black
brown, sizes 3& to T& to defer at $1.49 to $1.98
Women's Black and Brown Pampers
Quebec
Shawville,
Women's
Phone anytime between 7am . « and 11 p. m.
Robbing Peter to Pay Paul
When we speak of robbing Peter to pay Paul, we mean sacrificing interest for the benefit of another. But we probably do not realize that the original phrase was, "Why rob St. Peter to pay St. Paul?” For 10 years the Church of St. Peter in Westminster, which, by the way, is now Westminster abbey, held the status of cathedral. Henry VIII, however, who was a thorn in the flesh of the church (you remember it was he who broke away from Rome and established
A
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
one
Adobe Brick Sun-Dried;
Introduced by Spaniards
Adobe, or "dobe” as it is commonly called, is a sun-dried brick. The bricks are made from a mixture of certain clay loams, straw and water. The bricks are used in most any type of structure, such as houses, farm buildings, boundary walls, or warehouses.
The use of adobe was introduced , to America by the Spaniards in the	English church), had other
I p!"LS
of the Spanish missions built in Cal I burning, and for many years t -
ifornia, from 1770 to 1823, were built Question was indignantly ask**» fldnbe	Why rob St. Peter to pay St.
|Paul?” Later the "saints” were
dropped and so we get the phrase
as we know it today
Ol
$1.65
#####*#
$1.39
$1.25
44
44
44
44
Boys’
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
Youths’ Campers
• ••
$2.25 to $2.95
Mens' Heavy Work Boots
’s Youths’ Sweat Shirts, Short
Phone. 278
Penmans _
sleeves, colours gold atid white
40 cts.
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
» * * * *
White and Coloured Polos 49 to 69 cte.
Boys’
Men, Oreen. Bed and B,ue Po,o.ar ^
Adobe is used quite extensively in the arid Southwest for all types of bui’ding. This is due to the facl ' i\ it is cheaper for building; be ! aLze the cash outlay for materials rot large, a-d as the ordinary
..... ar is r!::iied in this type o*
ronstruction, the labor cost is low. Another great advantage is that adobe is a very poor conductor of heat; therefore an adobe house is much cooler in summer and warmer In winter, than an ordinary house. \dobe is also fire-resistant and dur-ib!e. Old Spanish missions built of adobe, that has been covered with olasfer for protection, have stood or centuries.
#44#
, Sizes 3.\ ho
California’s First Oil Refinery
The first oil refinery was built in California in 1876 at Newhall by the Star Oil works company, which had successfully begun commercial production of crude oil in nearby Pico canyon in 1875. The refinery had a daily capacity of 20 barrels. Oil was hauled to it in wooden barrels from Pico canyon. In 1879 the Pacific Coast Oil company took over the holdings of the former company and a two-inch pipe lire—also the first in California—was then laid from Pico canyon to this pioneer refinery. In 1833 the refinery was permanently shut down, and oil from the Newhall field was shipped by rail in tank cars to the new and large refinery of the Pacific Coast Oil company at Alameda, near San Francisco, '	•	*	vv;
Men’s Grey Flannel Trousers
and 38 to clear at......
Brown Sport Pants, Sizes 36,
and 10 to clear at .................
Men s Grey Sport Pants, Sizes 32, 34. 36 $2.49
1
MacLean’s
$2.69

RED & WHITE STORE

$2.49
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves’*
5	Kraft Dinner, per package
6	Serviettes. 100 to a package 8 Salted Sodas, 2 lbs. for 8 Grapefruit Juice, per tin 8 Pineapple Juice,
8 Orange Juice
8 Tomato Juice, large tins, 2 for 8 Pears with heavy syrup 8 Apricots or Peaches, choice quality
8 C. L. Pilchards, per tin ............
8 Salmon, pink, 2 for ................
| Macaroni, with Cheese & Cream Sauce | Wax Paper, per roll jjj Paper Towels, lôO to a roll 8 Fancy Free Deserts, assorted flavors, 3 for 8 Lush us Jelly Powders, “	“ 3 for
8 Jello Freezing Mix, for Ice Cream
I Oglivies Flakes, Puffed Wheat or Grapenut 8	Flakes ...........................
| Rice Krispies, Pep, Bran Flakes, All Wheat
Post Bran Flakes, 2 pkgs. for
20 cts.
GROCERY DEPARTMENT
15
RINSO SPECIAL
SsrSS: : i!
Handy size bottles Jam. all flavors..... .. •
Jello Milk	Pudding. Nexv-apvet.zlng-hnndy	|
H two package» for.......... . _
BUO KILLERS .-KIM-*".»”»1» of Llin°-U»rt-g“.“G"«||
H.v Fork Hope ; Binder Twin, in do... bi* reduction 3	in prices this year
25
History of Arbor Day
The founder of Arbor day was J Zterling Morton, a Nebraska poli-ician and secretary and acting gov*
*rnor of the territory in 1858. In fanuary, 1872, at a meeting of the Nebraska state board of agriculture, îe introduced a resolution setting ! _
iside April 10 for tree planting,	M ^ w JP ¦	1
ind on that date more than 1,000.000 GOFOOIl I . |r A (J I rees were planted throughout the ^
date In 1885 the Nebraska legisia-	I II Q II R A N P F
ure passed an act changing the I	¦ * M U 11H
ree-planting date to April 22, Moron's birthday, and making it a legal
sémAmI
founding of Arbor day in Nebraska.
Kentucky and Tennessee adopted he idea. Ohio and North Dakota ollowed in 1882. Arbor day is an .vent in the calendar of every one rf the states, but there is no uni* ormity of that date. In some states a fixed one, while in others the is set by proclamation of the governor or by county school superintendents. % 1 '	% $?
The two for 20 cts
10
15
44	44
18
44	44
N
• • • •
• •
25
13
V
15
per tin
4
15
25
VI
18
15
25
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through ' Generations
• #
Three years after the
25
i
25
10
«
10

! IS
25
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
ay
or

SHAWVILLE - QUE

###PAGE###6###
Midseason Color Very Important
JOIN THE
Clssy’a eyes narrowed. "Ob, you did. did you? And you wasn’t going to tell me? All right, you big tramp. Hand over half of It ahd hand It quick."
Shamefacedly the Weasel pulled out his llhgotteu gains and counted off teu $1,000 blits.
•'tieez." he said, ‘Mat’s a moll far you. ain't it? A hardwoikln' guy like me don't get no place."
•Cissy awoopcd up the money aa swoops the eagle upon the lamb.
‘ That's the way us Chicago girts do," she said complacently.
The Wolf Descends
The Perfect Thirst Quencher
1
MILLIONS
T
T

A
A

New Materials Also Make Unobtrusive Entrance Into Parish Fashion Picture
w

L
B



K
%
L

PAWS—The Paris mid-season openings, as their name Implies, divide thç honors lalrly evenly (y tween current and» future style trends. Though not so obviously Influential as the big summer and winter showings, they nevertheless point the way the mode Is taking. Midseason colors, for Instance, are Invariably important. They furnish the baste scale upon which -couturiers wilt compose their coming sartorial symphonies.
New materials often make an unobtrusive first appearance In the midseason. Or old favorites may be used in new ways. Flannel is promoted to dressy wMfgjMp||l| by Mme. dl Pom bo. the creative young Spanish designer at Faquin s. Her flannel suite In brilliant "celluloid" or flower colors—they are made with transparent flowery chiffon or lace blouses—will, rub shoulders at Longchamp ; with ChaueVs new changeable taffeta talleurs that affect a new ladylike skirt-length which is a compromise between short and long.
;
s
£

SSSW TEA
By SADIE CHAMBERS


SUMMER DAYS—COOKIE DAYS

At that precise moment lit the world’s history (ho setup In the little kitchen was as follows: Kelly Archer sat on the table, her legs
crossed
Incomparable summer days— days for picnics, porch meals or a tray lunch in the garden. These are the days to have on hand your favorite cookies they arc the ideal accompaniment to the be vctapes which were given a few weeks ago Then in these days of a long pro of ruit desserts, the bene
HOLDUP HONEYMOON
Mr. Joseph Herctideen Sandhuni was draped around a straight-backed chair and the chair was tilted back against the wall; Mr. Ed (Weasel) Wcynowakl stood discomfited In the middle of the floor clutching what remained of his loot; and the blond Cissy was busily depositing ten thousand dol-
Then ugain

recipes for

BY EDWIN RUTT Copyright 1936. NEA Service Inc
cession
(its of a well filled cookie jar or box are tro obvious to need ex-
There favorites are sirn-
is season
e You'll love lie rich, long-leetlng flavor. And it's so good for you—helps keep your teeth bright and your smile attractive. Chew it after every meal!
lug for Mister Weasel or whatever his name Is. you're all wet. I would not take him on a silver plate and smothered under watercress."
"No?" Cissy’s eyes seemed to measure her. “What Is this, then?"
The Weasel plucked up a soup-con of courage.
"You ain't shut up since we got here." he said, “or we would of told you."
CAST OF CHARACTERS JOSEPH SANDHAM — hero; he thought he was on top of the world until he smacked into KELLY ARCHER—heroine; she thought she was headed for the altar until she smacked into ED, the WEASEL—gangster; he thought he was headed somewhere, too, but affairs somehow got mixed up.
pression
pie and wholesome enough for the children to have, and often more appealing to the grown-ups than sweeter cakes. Then again, they will keep (providing you hide the cookie jar). Try these goodies on the family and on the company
mm
HM llllllllll 1111 ll m h ' iMh 111
» I


!

I"
Sill
It
$1 III' A
II.


I
>mi i in,
It m
Uhi ii


h
I.
.vin i
HUM
I!
iii i

**Tgtr«
II



IIIIIIMIUUIHIOii1 i !l<	| III I
ir
too
CT-11
ii nvy
\
GET SOME TODAY!
"I'm waiting to hear," she said.
No Cut For Anybody
Laboriously the Weasel told her. The blond Cissy, her eyes glittering, heard him out. When he had finished his recitation, she laughed pityingly.
"Well, that wins the hat." she
OATMEAL COOKIES
1 cup butter and lard mixed.
1 cup sugar (white).
1 egg.
1 tablespoon sweet milk.
1	teaspoon soda (dissolved in 3
tablespoons warm water).
3 cups rolled oats.
2	cups flour.
Mix flour, oatmeal and sugar thoroughly. Beat the egg, add the milk and add to the butter and lard which has been creamed; beat well together and then add soda, which has been dissolved in the warm water. Add all this last mixture to the dry ingredients, previously mixed. Mix well together. For roiling, add a little flour if necessary. Then cut and cook in quick oven. 1 prefer cookies cooked with the grate about the middle of the oven. These are delicious with a date filling between, if you wish to place one on tep of the other.
— 0—
VANILLA WAFERS
2 eggs.
1 1/3 cup brown sugar.
2/3 cup butter.
1	teaspoon vanilla.
2	teaspoons cream of tartar.
1 teaspoon soda.
% teaspoon salt.
% teaspoon nutmeg. x
3	cups (not heaping) flour.
Cream butter and sugar and add the eggs. Have the flour sifted ready with the soda, cream of tartar, salt and nutmeg. Add the dry ingredients to the first mixture. Roll thin, sprinkle with finely chop-pod nuts, bake in a hot oven.
—¦0*"'
ALL BRAN BUTTERSCOTCH
COOKIES
Yesterday: Joe and the Weasel Inform Kelly she is kidnapped as they arrive at the gangster's hideout. Then Cissy opens up to admit the Weasel and Joe and Kelly.
Boys Do Knitting;
• Girls Use Saws
t

ii.
Renew Interest In Needlework
In the annual display )f articles of the auxiliary, manual training and household economics departments of Waterloo, Ont., public schools, knitted sweaters made by boys and wooden magazine stands made by girls, were shown.
The sweaters were sleeveless jackets, made by four of the boys of the auxiliary class for their own wear.

CHAPTER XI
A bolt slid aud a key turned. The door opened a crack. An automatic held in a slim hand shot out. And the eyes of Cissy, coming around the door, peered cautiously into the night. Then, seeing that it was indeed the Weasel evidently holding dominion over two unknowns, she flung the door wide aud stood arms akimbo, the gun still held in her right hand.
"Well, you big bum." she said. "It's about time you got back."
"Now. m'dear," said the Weasel, "take it easy. I wue held up on-on bizness.”
"Yeah." Cissy began champing on a piece of gum that she had thoughtfully kept in reserve on the roof of her mouth. "Well, who are these with you?"
"Just a coupla eggs I picked up," said the Weasel. 'Til tell you inside."
said
As Fine OW Furniture Returns
"Huh?"
"1 said when they dealt out the brains, you drew a bust bund. Here you've got a rod on this guy"—she gestured at Joe—"and you're going to cut him in fifty-fifty. Some great snatcher you turned out to be. Wea-
MOUSE
OF
SHADOWS
Again Popular
One of the most fascinating crafts which flourished In the 17th and 18th centuries was that of tapestry needlework pictorial tapestries made at the Gobelins, Aubusson, and Beauvais factories In France, and used as wall decorations In many a noble mansion, are famous and highly valuable, says a story from London, Rng. In the Christian Sclance Mon
sel
The wonderful
The Weasel shifted uucomfortab ly. "Wul, I give him me wold."
Cissy laughed harshly have that. You give it to me all the time and it ain't worth a dime. So listen, stupid. I'm handling this from now on. Aud there'll be no cut for anybody but you aud me. Get
Princes* 1939
He can
Bathing Suit Designed For Yen
Exciting New Serial
COMING SOON!
it or
it?
Tapestry needlework, worked In colored wools, was also used extensively as a covering for upholstered furniture. Jnsl at present, when mo much of this fine old furniture has come back Into favor. It Is natural that tapestry needlework Is in fashion, loo.
If you were furnishing a sitting-room or dining-room in old world period style, the chairs might ap propriately have needlework seats and backs, and the settee and armchairs could be tapestry covered. You might also have fourfold or eightfold draught screens smaller pole-screens, used for the fire; footstools and a needlework. There are even dressing-table mirrors with tapestry backs and also handles, and of course there are samplers and pictorial tapestry panels which are framed and hung like paintings.
lavs in the top of her stocking. For the first time since the party had entered the house the Weasel aud Cissy were slightly off guard was the psychological moment for the Assyrian to descend like the wolf on the fold. The Assyrian did.
There was a sudden crash of glass. A stentorian voice shouted: "Don’t move, any of you. You are covered." At the same Instant there camo a loud banging oil the kitchen door.
Cissy made one dramatic attempt to give battle. She whirled like a tiger and. shooting from the hip, shot out the light. It was a futile gesture. Instantly the beam of a powerful elecrlc torch lit up the room. The glare took Cissy between the eyes, blinding her momentarily.
"Drop that gun," rapped out the authoritative voice from the window.
A what-can-I-do expression decorated the Weasel s face as he looked at Joe.

It
"Geez, pal," he said. "I'm sorry.' Joe waved his hand. Never before had he dismissed half of a hundred thousand dollar ransom so air-

m





"Bring 'em In," Cissy ordered.
She snapped on the lights again. When- they were all in the kitchen she surveyed Joe without enthusiasm aud Kelly with open hostility.
"So you've got tangled up with a redhead, have you?" she said to the Weasel.
ily
x
Vf
You can t
"Skip It," he said help It. You’re in a spot. But I do think your might be a little more generous. What with the money you'll get out of this snatch aud the twenty grand you lifed from that bank, you . . " Another Twenty Grand He was interrupted by a shrill squeal from Cissy, a squeal of pure wrath. He looked at her. She was
girl friend
er
4SÈ
This Is Business
The Weasel made a depreciatory gesture. "You don’t understand, babe. Dis—dis is blzness."
"Yeah," said Cissy. "Monkey business. Some day, Ed. Wcyuowski, you're going to two-time me once too often. And I’m going to fill the inside of your hat with bullets."
The Weasel, badgered, looked all around and perceived in Joe a possible source of sympathy.
"Aint’ dat always da way wid the wimraen?’* he inquired. "Coin’ all green-eyed if a mug even looks at another dame?"
"Just to clear up a point." Kelly •aid to Cissy, "if you think I’m go-
the
H
l
1'
advancing on the Weasel sinuously, like a kind of blond cobra.
“So?" she hissed. "Holding out on he, eh? What's all this about twenty thousand aud a bank?"
"Aw," said the Weasel sheepishly. "I done a little job on da side."
"Yeah. What was the job?"
The Weasel's attitude became almost akin to that of a small boy on the carpet for raiding the jampot.
"I stuck up a bank." he broke down and confessed.

1 % cups butter.
2 cups brown sugar.
• 2 eggs, well beaten.
1 cup all-bran.
2% cups pastry flour.
lVa teaspoons baking powder.
Cream butter and sugar, add eggs and bran. Mix well, sift flour with biking powder, and add to first mixture. Shape into roll and store in refrigerator. When very cold, cut in thin slices and bak* in hot oven.
ii
V
Cissy dropped it. The hanging on the door ended when one of the panels crashed In. A band came through and turned the key from Inside. A second later the place was blue with police officers.
ICd the Weasel, standing stupidly in the middle of the floor, found himself handcuffed expertly to the blond Cissy. The policemen hustled them into the living-room of the cottage. Kelly and Joe were escorted in rather than hustled. Lights
New Sports Togs Are More Modest




FOUNDATION ^DIAGAATI

With the Exception d Beach
Wear, This Season*» Play
C2X-:
a,

Clothes Are Practical Bel Not “All-revealing”
New Trophies For Banff Golf Week
SAC

v:
With the exceptions of swim suits and play togs for wear on the beach, this season's active •ports clothes seem to have under gone a wave of Puritanism. Nudity Is not smart. Vacation outfits for sports and spectator sports, like the newest evening gowns, are anything but "all-revealing.”
This does not mean that we are headed for a return to the kind of things our grandmothers wore. Shorts sre too practical for modern woman ever to abandon them. The halter top has a place In the sun. However, shorts usually are sold with matching skirts. And halters are not meant to be worn once the sun bath Is over.
To slip over a brief swim suit or sun suit once you have had enough sunshine for the moment, there is a youthful "robe de plage" with full or knee-length or long peasant skirt. Knee-length coats ii bright or pastel shades are pop ular. Plowing—sometimes diaphanous—redingotes also are show*. Jacques Helm dees redingotes foe the beach In black organdy with gay. Oriental satin stripes.
2097
SIZES tO To 20
Your Household Problems
Have you fussy eaters in your family? Do you have trouble providing a varied and inteieating menu? Do your cakes fall? Then write, enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie R. Chambers, care of this paper, and she will endeavour to solve vour problems.
went up.
"Not hurt, are you ?" the officer in charge asked Kelly. "They treat you all right?"
4 Perfect hosts
3y LOUISE LENNOX
This smartly simple princess line bathing suit is figure flattering and so very easy to make. You can wear the straps halter style or over the shoulders according to your wishes. A bright printed pique, rayon jersey cr novelty crepe. Rayon or wool jersey is best for the foundation that completely lines this well cuts simply designed bathing suit for your vacation success.
Style No. 2097 is designed for sizes 10, 12, 14, 16, 18 and 20 years. Site 16 requires % yards of 35-inch material with % yards of 54-inch lining and % yards of 39-inch contrasting for tie-sash and strap.
Send Fifteen Cents ( 16c) (coin is preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly y oar name, address and style number. Be sure to state size you wish.
Kelly assured him. "I've had a lovely evening."
Ed the Weasel gestured at Joe with his manacled hands.



"Iley," he said, "whyn't you put da bracelets oe him? He wuz in on dis wid me."
"Yeah,” said the officer. "That's what you think." Ho turned to Joe. "You're Sandhttm, aren't you?"
"The last of the Sandhams." Joe corrected.
"Well," said the cop. "you used your head. And I'll tell you something more. There's a reward out for that Connecticut bank robber. You'll get some of it."
"Is that bight?" said Joe. "Well, I could use it about now."
4 Lissen," began the Weasel, "1 Don't get dis. He...
“Shut up," said the officer. "It's enough for y du to know that Sand-bam got word to us. How, It doesn't matter. Here, you" — he pointed to one of his subordinates — "take these two out of here."
At that precise moment four people swept into the room. A dignified elderly lady was In the lead. A dignified elderly man ran her a close second. The black-eyed girl from the refreshment stand was In third place. And lastly came , e short, petulant looking Individual with slicked-down hair and a waxed mustache.
Kelly taped them off as they came in. "Mother! Father! The hot
kes girl! Gilbert!"
"Mother! Father! My date for Saturday night! The cmiaent arch it, mo doubt.4" Joe in



arms. Joa, standing to one side heard disjointedness, jargon and in
coherence.
"Ob, my darling and I have been nearly crazy police got in touch with us you sure you're all right? . phoned Gilbert you simply terrified?
Buffalo this afternoon
Your father
Hr
Are
JHJJJtele-
Darling, weren't Flew to Why dltf
car
. . Gilbert flew down from Boston and Insisted on coming with us . .

z
1

you ever do It?

My dear, who was the young
*

man who
*
This and more of the same. Between Mrs. Archer's gasps for her breath, Kelly managed do «top. I’m perfectly all right."
• May I," Mr. Archer asked of his wife, “get the floor long enough to kiss my erring daughter?"
Kelly broke from her father** embrace to Interrogate the wax-mostached Gilbert.
"Well, Gil," she said, aren't you going to speak to roe?"
"Hello." said Gilbert, without any grace He seemed mad about something.
Mother,

It DOES teste good in • pipe !n
handy kal-tight couch -I Sc VWJ. "LOK-TOF" TIN - 40c eh# pecW in Pvclref Tins



*
D
One of the two new trophies to be awarded at this year’s Banff Golf Week in the Canadian Rockies, August 21-26, is the Banff Springs Hotel | Trophy, above. It consists of a gold-colored metal figure of a golfer i tall marble column, the whole supported by a nicely decorated It is up for competition among guests at Banff Springs Hotel and !
atch okay, scratch. Another beautiful prize, the
s being awarded for women under simi-
(To Be Continued )
»
Issue No.
will be decided in Chateau Lake Louise 7 lar condition# of play.
4
'ZD

he

*
i
###PAGE###7###
the logical thing — this girl whose weekly wage included	a good
home with nice people."	j
Josephine Lawrence has wrlttee another very amusing story around id-mls trees problem. The situations In which Mrs. Hazen and her pampered daughter, Pettle, find themselves are funny as well ai pathetic. And you'll recognise in the characters your own neighbors — perhaps (heaven forbid!) your-
"A Good Home With Nice Pee-MlHfcy Josephine Lawrenceg . Toronto: McClelland and 6tew-. $2.90.
Now’s The Time
To Buy Fruits
Freak Vegetables Too Are At
Wild life At Luxury Resort In The Rockies
VOICE
oF the
PRESS
HEWS

the
m
ë
PARADE
Canadian Market*
For the next month or to Canadian grown fruits and vegetables will be going into the markets at their best and cheapest. Just now Ontario-grown raspberries are plentiful and can be obtained at a price at which It la profitable for the housewife to buy them for preserving or canning or for making jam nd pure homemade raspberry Jam or preserves, made from Canadian-grown berries — Is Incomparably good.
Cherries from different parts of British Columbia are available In substantial quantities, and Ontario cherries are well started. The total annual crop produced In B.C. la in the neighborhood of 2.000,000 lb. Raspberries In abundance are obtainable throughout Canada. A variety of vegetables, several of which are excellent if they are canned when fresh, can be bought comparatively cheaply. Home canned fruit sad vegetables and home prepared pickles are good to have in the winter months, when fresh Canadian grown products cannot be height.,

THE TRUMP CARD: home people, enneives among them, have been wondering, why/ in the face of eo
very little done, so very little to offer, the federal government should choose to call an election this fall. How. we pondered, could i n«-y expect anybody to vote for them — with no platform, no issue T
Them like a flash we remembered .. . The Rowell Commission report! When that tremendous document Is made public, the present Liberal administration will have something to show for Its work of the past four years, a new program to offer for the future.
Until that report comes out, then, expect little aclvlty in federal Liberal circles, few pronouncements coming forth from Parliament H11L
bloodless conquest dee-
tired to DIVIDE,WORLD: At the recent two-week symposium on world affairs under the sponsorship of the University of Virginia, one of the sixty speakers, Bree Hopper, professor of government at Harvard University, said that the world apparently is going through a stage of transition involving absorption of small nations by largo state#.
Ho wont on to esy that Relchs-fuehrer Adolf Hitler's program of bloodless conquest. If carried to its logical end, would result In a division of the earth into five xones of Military Power. The process Is apparently destined to divide the world Into the following regions: L British-French ; 2. A German Mlitel Europe, Including Italy as a vassal, with small satellite nations controlled from Vienna or Berlin In foreign relations and commerce with all pursuing an antl-Semetlc policy; 1. The Soviet Union, reaching across the nomadlands to West-China; 4. Japan end coastal China; S. The United States, with Canada within its xone of defence.
"Such an alignment," he say#
would leave Africa. Latin America. Western Asia and India open to new imperialism."
WHAT EVERY FARMER WANTS Ideal farming conditions, It appears to the layman, lie midway between a drought and a flood. — Hamilton Spectator.
SCHOOLBOY ALIBI: 193» Then there Is the story of the boy whose alibi was that he could not do his homework, until he got the latest news bulletin. He had to draw a map of the world. — Sault Ste. Marie Star.
self.



pie"
• •
t # •
art
e #



«
We Out-cheered British Crowds
Mac to man. Canadian crowds outcheer British crowds when It comes to welcoming the King and Queen.
Of course due allowance must h# made for differences between British and Canadian character and temperament. Judging from the showing, however, when the King and* Queen arrived back in England, R. K. Carnegie. Canadian Press staff writer, found that London crowds have volume which develops into a great roar in which bo individual voices are distinguishable.
t
can
AGED PEOPLE SHOULDN’T
DRIVE	IV
An 87-year old Ontario man, also
driving an ancient machine, caused s collision resulting in severs la-juries to three people. How a man of that age was ever afforded the opportunity to be at the	i
should certainly be one of the first things to be cleared up ford Expositor.
VALUE OF ORCHARDS Ontario farmers can help th selves to better times by growing mere and better fruit. Higher quality fruit attractively packed will Increase the sales of Canadian orchard products, incidentally, ruVal and urban citizen# could raise the standard of health In the Dominion by the consumption of more ho grown fruit. — Amberstburg Echo.
t.

Brant-
Same Depth of Affection There was one continuous roar that day from Waterloo Station to Buckingham Palace.
But for wide, open-mouthed cheering, particularly sue*' as Is furnished by those iusty-lunged people out on the Prairies, the Canadians can show the way to any London crowd of similar size.
As for depths of affection and loyalty, that deeper emotion tfeat lies behind the cheers, there’s no difference between that of England or Canada.
Wild animals are continually supplying surprises in the Canadian Rockies but this fawn, found hidden within a few yards of Banff Springs Hotel is a real oddity. The pretty little animal, only a few hours old and not much bigger than the pretty head of the excited young lady who found him. is the offspring of a mule deer, a type of game that roams free and unmolested in the Banff area. It is the doe’s natural habit to hide her young daring the day, ministering to it only at njght.—Canadian Pacific
In My Grandmother’s
Garden
It seems but yesterday That Youth and Age Walked softly there to keep A tryst with summer’s bird %
And flower-friends. .
Tall white birches Held green lace parasols Over family groups of roses, Bearing beauty’s signature. Dappled oak shadows played Hide-and-seek on the lawn,
And the nearby meadow foot-trail Beckoned from the hedge-gap. Opal hours passed slowly by . . . The little island in the river slept . . .
Peace warbled lullabies With the wind.
And when the dark came down, Far-off harbour lights were rows of fairy-moons,
Fainting silver pathways On the sea.
THE ULTRA-LOYAL It Canadians are only going to listen to people who pat Britain, or Canada on the back and say nice things about the Empire, they will be able to develop a healthy.
Appetite Is
Man’s Enemy
NTARIO
UTDOORS
Distinguished Doctor Says A Day W31 Come When We’ll Be Sorry For Not Having Eaten The Right Foods
never
unbiased outlook. If our loyalty to Britain cannot stand some criticism of British rule, then It is a weak sort of loyalty isdeed. And if we are not to be allowed to listen to criticism of Britain, does this not Imply a lack of confidence in British institutions being able to withstand criticism?
By VIC BAKER
BEE HIVE Men
FISH TRADED FOR BUFFALO
Ontario sportsmen stand to lose more than they gain from those of Alberta under a recent trade arrangement by the Federal Department of Game and Fisheries. Ontario will swap 300 of her famous fighting smallmouth black bass for 25 Albertan buffalo on the hoof in the exchange agreement.
The bass will be brought to the Dominion fish hatcheries at Banff and Water ton Lakes in Alberta for spawning purposes, spring will provide thrilling sport for anglers in the lakes and streams of the western province. The bass, each weighing about three pounds, will be loaded at Spanish, Ont., in the Georgian Bay district.
Ontario sportsmen, on the other hand, will get no chance of sport in shooting the game the province receives in the trade. The buffalo will be shipped to the Burwash Game Preserve in Northern Ontario and there turned loose in lush parklands—35,000 acres of which has been created a buffalo
reserve. - r
Note: Mr. Baker will be glad to aaswer readers’ questions or discuss any particular subject you » ieb.
An American’s appetite ia his worst enemy, believes Dr. Victor Helser. eminent V. 8. medical man.
era
i
Windsor Star.
“The average American Is more concerned with filling his stomach than with what he puts In It,” said Dr. Helser. "But the day will come when people will realize th.y are what they eat and that their health depends on their food Intake.’’
"Doesn't Fill Need”
Dr. Helser said that hunger pangs are “simply the call of nature for something needed by the system.
“But Instead of eating well-balanced rations to provide that need, a man goes out and fills up on meat and potatoes. That satisfies the hunger, but It doesn't fill the need.”
Books And You
Amy Bissett England.
JAPAN IN CHINA: The Chinese entered Its third year early this month and It has been expressed that the Japanese Army has mad* itself largely self sufficient on Chines* soil.
Th* general feeling was that Japan had overburdened herself with acquisition of Chinese properties such as mines and factories and that her adventure in China has been am expensive one, but those feelings have faded somewhat in observing the last two years of th* steadily progressive penetration.
The plans Japan acquired are being inexpensively run by forced labor and the financial drain has not bad the effect first expected by competent observers In China. The war Is generally estimated to have cost between 4.000.000 and I,#00,000 lives, counting soldiers and civilians killed directly in bombings, and civilians who died as result ef floods and disease indirectly caused by war.
THE WEEK'S QUESTION: Is the Dominion's export trade showing an Increase or a decrease for this
An increase! A it of Canada’s export trade for the first six months of the new current year shows an increase of 71,000,000. The value of Canada’s exports to the end of June this year was #462.000.000. -
BY
H
Finger Print
File Growing
FOB YOU* ^ CONVENIENCE
war
ELIZABETH EEDY
Their off-


§
iff
"A GOOD HOME WITH NICE .	PEOPLE'
By Josephine Lawrence
"I did it because she wouldn’t stop talking:*' the maid said, wouldn’t so much mind her going through my things;eor taking my day off to have her headaches, so I have to stay In; or treating me like a mule that never gets wore out — I can stand things like that, but I got to have a es from hearing her talk . . . " So in this new novel she did what was to her mind


An insight Into the workings of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police identification bureau at Ottawa was given delegates to the Chief Constables' Association convention this year, by Inspector H. R. Btuch-of the criminal investigation
branch of the R.C.M P.
In his paper on “Single Finger Prints” Inspector Butchers outlined the mehtod used by his department to. file and classify prints. Since 1910, 701.287 sets of Impressions have been received, 95,182 of which were identified with previously registered finger prints, he said.
In the past year, 54,375 sets of prints were received, of which 12,505 were identified, the inspector added. The files are available for all police departments, he added.
In concluding his remarks, inspector Butchers gave the case history of several crimes, solved by finger prints fropi the recent records of Canadian cities.


• mm


It**'',


"I


ers
dig
Greatest Drought In 17 Centuries
Bee Hive eou»9* Syrup
Predicted for 1966—Last One Of Equal Magnitude Happened During Fall of Roman Empire, Geological Expert Declares
By FRED NEHER
LIFE’S LIKE THAT


,///

%

A prediction the greatest drought in 17 centuries would come 27 years hence is made by Halbert P. Gillette, geoloatot and meteorology research. He said he found evidence in the rocks there was a 1701-year rainfall cycle, having sub-cycles of 567 and 189 years.
He said the year 1906 would be the bottom of all three cycles and should produce a drought comparable to the only other major occurrence
tory, in the year 265 A D. “about when the Raman Empire began to crumbla and when wars In China were chronic.”
Gillette's prediction was based on a study of varvcs-laytvs of sediment deposited in seas or lakes by the annual runoff o streams. Some of the varve computations went back to 2300 B.C.. and can be followed for “millions of years."
The maximum rainfall periods of the 17-century cycle were “notaale. for their association with great periods of prosperity." Particularly the Cretan Palace age about 2286 B.C.* the Second Pyrffbiid Age; the Golden Age of Greece and the rise of Rome bet en 535 a also In 1116 A D., about the time of the Viking Age. the Norman Con quest of England, the Crusades ahd the invasions of Ghcngîs Khan.
T ry Brevity
In Speaking
BULUTIN
w

%
yevT Answer:
BOB
&
¦1st
It Is do new advice — it has a great many times been proffered— but coming from Capt. Edward A. Fitzroy, Speaker, of the British House of Commons. It carries new weight. Said the Speaker the other day:
?
rz
•T

CHARMER FROM ABROAD
&
I
Vi

' E
P •
5 . ?
!#>
How to Produce Clean Farm Milk
Contamination From All Sides — Attention Should I To Stable, Animals,
of its kind in written hts-
I
<

"It Is much better, when a member resumes his seat after speaking. that the House should have the feeling that he ought to have gone little longer Instead of won-
fc • A
• •

. Jà
' s
o
11



on a
dering why he did not stop soon-
f
i#

à

er."
• •Ml

m
A good pointer that for all public speakers in legislative bails, the platform and the pulpit.
No Virtue In Length As we have remarked, there la nothing new about It, but It Is fairly obvious that not a few of our public speakers, official or other* wise, have either never beard the sage advice or. hearing have never
learned itg wisdom.
When It comes to oratory It is
well to remember that there is no virtue in length o' utterance. Multiplicity of words often Indicates a
scarcity of thought.
//


//

Z
lustrated farmers' bulging Clean Milk" Just e Dominion Deportment ire, the author. Dr. A. O. Dominion Agricultural st, rtates that to pro-[best grade of milk, con from all sides must ns ixcluded as fnr as pos-when care is paid to nais, utensils, and the i by the milker can rhe lk be drawn. A produc-iou cleaner up his milk best commence by en-lils palls, are clean and
y >Â-fy
%
m



%
?


Qb
I 1


! 609 B.C.,
)

|_______V?
“I a*lced the bets for a raise and when 1 showed him hew valuable I was le the firm, he deceided to raise his own salary for being smart enough
to hire me."
sst-raa sssdSr •*"
IRSû.-er **"
By GENE BYRNES
Information, Please
REG’LAR FELLERS
a tht cow into the pail to a minimum, her sources of bacteria d to the germ content of ret in comparison with Durces. namely badly or cleaned pall a and dirt »w. they are of minor and hare undoubtedly mrch emphasis in
«¦
Hi
fà

1/ / /A9 LONG AS WERE
i/
I
1

«
mas#
. EXTRA f
’/X*
V‘

•""'izsrssm
/
y
%
o # •
fj-
/•
/S
m
/




&

mJ/
-A
1

7
M
;

too
ksV
i®




i
4
years Frank Jenkins, a hi» school-teacher A-
Proctor, of Alberta,
He wrote
to her, and she r#
to him.

SV/
V



/
ytf
i
____«
1,1
:\


\
o
lore letters.
' 7
1
k
z

. •

Now they
• w
• »
630365
###PAGE###8###
-
Look Here
The Women s Missionary Society will meet in the basement or the United Ulnirch on Thursday evening oi this week at 8 o'clock with Mrs. Norris Horner’s gtottp m charge.
1
•• ' w

mi
Arj - v1 ' * ' J
V

For Sale, Want», Found
Lost otc;
Everything For
The Builder

PEDLAR’S
V
X
V
V
o
X
ROOMER WANTED - Comfortably room to let, suitable for student. Apply to Mns, Ray M< Tierman, Main Street, Shawvllle.
\
X
X
T^4
Famous Dance Band to bo Featured at Ottawa Exhibition
X

X
Metal Roofing •
and Siding
X
. ROOMS TO RENT—Two nice largo rooms to let, with or without hoard. Apply to Mrh. Hkctor Tklporu, Main . Street, Shawvllle.
Estimates Given on all Types of Buildings
Molding,
To enable him to accept a three month**’ engagement at the popular •‘Murray'» in Tnckahoe, N.Y’ ¦ Central Canada Exhibition Association ha» released Van S Alexander and his Orchestra from their contract to play fir dancing at this year’s Ottawa Exhibition, August 21st to 26th. In his stead the Exhibition Directors will p sent Michttll Ayres and his Orch tra, together with Mary Ann Mercer, songstress and Joe Dale, baritone. Mitchell Ayres and his orchestra were featured for over a year at “Murray s” and his successful engagements at the Nether-land Plaxa Hotel, Adolphus Hotel, Village Barn, St. Paul Hotel, a hue's and other important hotels and cafes make them one of the most outstanding musical organ izations of the day.
In making the announcement Mr H. H. McElroy, Manager and Secretary of the Exhibition stated that no other changes would be made in the arrangements, and that dancing would take place nightly. He added that Mitchell Ayers and his orchestra who are under the management of the Music Corporation of America, are considered by this body to be of the outstanding dance bands on the continent.
At present Mitchell Ayres and his Orchestra may be heard over the networks of the Columbia and Mutual Broadcasting Company.



\
\
\
Doors,
Ten • Test
Sash,
y
the
\
\
Stave Wood For Salk — In bundle», dry and culled atavea, pine limited. Place Tour order at once. Apply to Borden Corrigan, at Stave Mill. Ph
Delco Plants
\
Johnston Motors,
Barn and Stable Equipment
\
one
53.
re-
Prompt Delivery Let us give you quotations
Painting and Whim washing— All kind» of painting and white washing, by power machine done at reasonable pileas. Apply to M. Krhoe, Wyman. Phone.
ee-
#
ROOl INC
I
8-V.
\
• t
SMITH BROS.
FOR oALE — Special bargain» — U Window Fiâmes with veotelatlng shatters ; 8 Window Screens copper wire In metal frames, large ; Laying Hens, one-year old ; Cream Separator, farm also. Apply to R. W. Hodgina, Shawellle.
We handle everything in these lines
Roofing1 Carried In Stock
Don-
Contractors & Builders CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
X
FOR SA LB — Black Gelding Farm Horae, will take any kind of farm stock In exchange. Apply to John Wk kvnh, R. R. No, 3, Shaw ville.
Phone 25
DEAN BROS.

Stark’s Corners,
Shawville R. R. No. 2.
Quebec
Phone 9-19
FOR SALK—Small Frame House and garden, with outbuildings on North aide of Lot. situated In the West-end of the Village of Shawrflle, known a# the McCord property. Very cheep. TTIgg ¦ Chris Caldwell, Sbawvllle.
Money Savers
Apply to
oue
! ALL YEAR INCOME selling large line - spices, extracts, toilet requlsltiee, stock
V ,,	ter 1. O UL	land other farm product*. Our combina
Jut. Horner, W, J. Smith, August lion offers open ever door. No experience
Dim, Alex Hazzard, Richard and needed. Pleasant work. Steady repeat Percy Armitage.	(order* from old and new customers. A
small amount puts you In
No risk. l.x( cllealoopportun-
Numerous EKpUnatie»,	SSfZffESg.
Of Origin of Hoosior1 (Co . 57® St. Clement, Montreal.
I Spme 14 explanations of the origin of the term “Hoosier’’ have been offered. Meredith Nicholson, in “The Hoosier,” discussed most of them.
The earliest record of the use of the Word is thought to be John Finley’s poem, “The Hoosier’s Nest,” printed in the Indianapolis Journal,
January 1, 1830. It was argued that . the word must have been well known at that time or Finley would not have used it with no trace of doubt that it would be understood.
Such authorities as Governor Wright and the Indiana historian,
O. H. Smith, were convinced that Hoosier is a corruption of the pioneer greeting, “Who's here?” Sul-grove, another writer of Indiana history, alluded to the word as a development from “husher,” a term given in pioneer times to a good fighter who was able to hush his adversaries, and replied to the “greenies from the New Purchase” who went down the Ohio river to work, and fotfght laborers from Kentucky.
There seems also to be some support for the explanation that it is a mispronunciation of “hussar,” popularized by a Polish colonel who lectured through the state in the early days, notes a writer in the Indianapolis News. It presumes that young Indiana men were captivated by the hussars as pictured by the lecturer, and took the name and pronunciation upon themselves. Hoosier was a family name heard along the river, and another explanation is that the fondness of Indiana people for cookies mode by a Louisville baker named Hoosier gained them the distinction of being called “Hoosier’s customers,” and finally, Hoosiers.
In the Carolines, Virginia, Kentucky and Missouri, a rough country man is called a hoosier without reference to Indiana, and it is thought by some that the name can be traced to a time earlier than the opening of the Northwest Territory*
Men’s WorK Shirts
Blue Denim, Plaids, Chambray, two pockets, coat styles.
MARRIED
some with zippers Regular selling to $1.25
Everyone a bargain at 79C
Proulx—Kijjjride
The marriage was solemnized at St. Mary’s R.C, Church, Qnyon, on Thursday morning, July 20th, of Miss Bernadette Kilbride, daughter of Mrs Michael Kilbride and the late Mr. Kilbride, to leadore
Cobalt is used in steels that are Proulx son of Mrs. Antoine Proulx made to hold cutting edges at high and the late Mr. Proulx all of temperatures. Such steels are used in high speed cutting tools and for
permanent magnet steel, observes WÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ^^KÊ an authority in the Chicago Tribune | up residence in Quyon.
The United States uses about lOjÈNMMNNjÊMENMMM per cent of the world production of cobalt. It produces none. Imports A quiet wedding took place on come chiefly from Canada, Belgian Thursday, July 20th, of Miss Hilda Africa, and Australia. —	May Broome, daughter of Mr.
Manganese is used in small quan- William L Broome and the late titles in steel manufacturing to elim- Mrs. Broome, of Forester’s Falls, inate gases. One to two per cent of to Mr Charles F. Donaldson, son manganese in steel increases the of Mrs. Margaret Donaldson and strength of the metal. Twelve per the late George Donaldson, of Ot cent manganese steel makes an ex tawa, formerly of Sbawville. The tremely tough metal that is resist- ceremony was performed by Rev. ant to abrasion	J- Log • n-Vmict», at two o clock.
dredge bucket teeth ore made of The bride wore a pretty costume steel containing 12 per cent manga- of sheer in Qneen’s blue shade and nese. The United States produces her hat was a small matching only an insignificant amount of man- model. She tamed a small bon-ganese and uses about 20 per cent qi,et of roses, of the world output. Source of sup-gMEMËgMgÊgRÈÈgRgSÉggMgÊÈR plies are Russia, Africa, Brazil and India.
Other non-ferrous metals used in making steel include molybdenum and vanadium.
Molybdenum is used to produce a
bu Al Of M for
Men’s Work Pants
Stripes and Plaids in cottouade—five pocket, roomy
cut, now selling from $1,26 tO $1.75
Heavy Quality Pant Overalls
Riveted pockets, Now selling at.........
One-finger Work Cloves
Horsebide fronts. Special at........
Fine Quality Work Boots
Leather sole and half rubber. See these boots at $3,49
Both Cobalt, Manganese
Needed in Making Steel
Cemetery
Donations
Qnyon. officiated.
Mr. and Mr ». Prdulx will take
Rev. Father McDonald
Kncx L O.L ...
Mathew Sinclair Harold Wilson ,
.... $ 1 00
$1.25
2 00
Don a luson - Broom e
3 00
Walter Fletcher, Waltham 5 00 County L O.L. ... .
Mr». Alex Elliott, Potsdam,
2 00
69 cts.
NY
2 00
Mrs. R. 0. Hod gins . .
Mrs. James Wilson_____
V. J. Wilson.......
Mis. Wm I fors field R. A. Horigins .....
6 00
• • •
6 00
• •
6 00
2 00
... 200
Norris R. Horner
Clothier andl Haberdasher
• • •

f
*

PERSONAL MENTION
Caldwell.
Mrs G. A. Jewell and daughter, Ruth, accompanied by Mies Betty Holmes, Moutteal, are spending a two weeks’ vacation at the home of Mrs. Leslie Dean, at Stark’s Corners.
FILL THIS SPACE
Send donations to D. J. Campbell, Treasurer
jgA reception was held at the home of the bride’s father in Forester's Falls. Mr. and Mrs. Donaldson will reside in Ottawa.
«
Mrs. H Ituison and daughter, Miss Dorothy, are visiting relatives in Ottawa this week.__
Mr. and Mrs. E. G. Baker, of Outremont, Que, are visiting friends in this vicinity.
Dr. Kenneth and Mrs. McDowell, of Renfrew were week-end guests of relatives at Green Lake.
Mrs. Robt. Glasper, of Ottawa, visited her parents, Mr. and Mrs. M. R. McGuire, for the week end.
Mr. and Mrs. C W. Hudgins and daughter, of Timmins, visited relatives in town and district last week.
Mr. and Mrs. Peter Smiley and family of Perth, are spending a vacation at their cottage at Green Lake.
Mrs. Kennedy and grandchildren Urquhart and Anne Campbell, are spending a vacation at Bernard Lake.
Miss Nina Jewel), of West mount, Que., was a week-end guest of her sister. Mrs. Leslie Dean, Stark's Corners,
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Watkins, of Montreal, were week-end guests of Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Dean, at Stark's Corners.
Mr. and. Mrs. Ernest'Towsley and children, of Ottawa, spending holidays with their relatives in town.
Mr. Earl Turner, of Detroit, is spending part of his vacation at the home of his mother, Mrs. M. J. Turner, in town.
Brown—Pbrctval
The marriage of Lottie Olwin steel that is capable of being drawn 1 Pei ci va I youngest daughter ot Mr. or hammered out without losing its and Mrs. Alex Pei civil of Micks* strength and toughness. It makes hurg, Out., to Albert Elgin Brown, possible a strong steel that is partie- son of Mr. and Mr*. John Brown, ularly valuable for tubing and cer- | of Forester*s|FalK Ont, took place tain machinery parts.	jut the Presbyterian manse, P
The United States supplies 8C per broke, at 2 p m , July 12. Rev. B. cent of the world’s molybdenum. Nelles officiated. The couple were
unattended. Lennis Brown and Hugh Percival acted as witnesses.
Following the ceremony the bridal party motored to the home of the bridegioonT* parents, where dinner was served to about 50 guests. Dining the evening Miss Todd, of Schumacher, played and sang, "I Love You Truly”.
The following evening a receu. tion was held in the Orange Hall, Forester’s Fall*», when about ‘150 guests were present.
Among thiwe attending from a distance included Miss Elaine Stiutt, of Brock, Sack.; Mr. and Mrs. Herb Brown and Miss Beulah Johnson, of Stark s Coi ners ; Mr. and Mrs. Archie Johnson, Portage du Fort. -
Great Power of Music
Music has power not only to ;oothe, but also to irritate and to destroy. Sounds are caused by air vibrations which produce high or 'ow notes according to their frequency. The lowest note audible to the human ear is about 16 vibrations per second, and the highest is 20,000. The higher the note the more disagreeable it can sound, and these vibrations have a damaging effect upon the nerves if experienced too often. Others can shatter glass vessels; Caruso could break a wine glass by singing a certain high note, and many scientists believe that in this power lies the secret of the shattering cf the walls of Jericho, as dated in the Bible.
em
Mrs. R. G. HorxiiNA, Free. Rev .A. F. Fokek, Sec’ty
Domestic consumption takes about 30 per cent of the world supply.
Vanadium gives resiliency and strength to steel used in tools, springs, and machinery parts. The United States produces about 15 per cent of the total output and supplements its supply with imports from Peru and Rhodesia.
#
Used Oars
1935—Chevrolet Sedan 1031 -Chevrolet Sedan 1037—Poetiac Coach I93H —Willy* Pick-up 1888—Ford Tudor Deluxe 1920 —Plymouth Coupe 1937 - Dodge Coach 1931-Buk k 1931-Plymouth Sedan 1931—Dodge Sedan 103o-Ford Sedan All ready to go at reasonable . price?.
•Monkey Wrench Corner1
Nearly every large seaport in the world has a “Monkey Wrench corner,^ a street intersection near the docks where sailors congregate to exchange news and stories. The spot is* so named, says Collier's Weekly, because it is usually crowded with unemployed seamen, or “monkeys,” who wait there to borrow money from, cr put the “wrench” on, those in better circumstances.
‘Purebred’ Descriptive
Of Full-Blooded Horses
The word thoroughbred is often, even in well informed circles, erroneously used in referring to.a full-blooded breed of horses—when the correct descriptive term is purebred, writes Capt. Maxwell M. Cor-pening in the Chicago Tribune.
Thoroughbred, rightly used, means a definite breed of horse which is commonly known as the race horse. The history of the thoroughbred is well known. The breed descends from the Arab, the product of 200 years of breeding for speed and size. The breeding still goes on.
Not generally known is the fact that it costs much more to raise an offspring from a large, fast horse than from a small, inferior one. Thoroughbreds have a general range in size of from 14 2 to 17.2 hands (the hand being 4 inches) and 900 to 1,300 pounds in weight. Color varies greatly.
The chief uses to which a thoroughbred is put are in the field of sports—racing, polo, and hunting. Usually it is much higher strung than a common horse and therefore more easily spoiled.
Because of the long struggle to Improve the Arab for speed, fcults in conformation are frequently found in thoroughbreds. Commonest of these are small bones and not enough heart girth. Like their Arab ancestors, thoroughbreds exert little effort in motion, giving a comfortable ride. They have great strength, and their greatest agset —endurance—has given rifle to the
WÊ
Carlbs, Vanishing Race
A vanishing race are the Caribs, Indians who made things hot for Columbus when he discovered America. Only a few hundred of them, living on the island of Dominica, arc left today, scientists report. Dwarfish but fierce fighters, observes a writer in the Washington Post, Caribs came from Brazil’s Amazon wilds to conquer what is now Venezuela, the Guianas, Central America, and the West Indies. Good seamen, they used canoes with sails. In reporting battles with these Indians, Columbus called them “Caribal, later corrupted into “cannibal,” which the Caribs were. The same people supplied a name for the Caribbean sea. They were finally subdued by Britain and French troops, who sent them into exile. Only a few caribs managed to get back to Dominica later.
Joseph Devine Passes At CommunitylHospital
After nn illness of several weeks the death occurred at Shawville Community Hospital, on Sunday last, of William Joseph Devine, ill hfo 72nd year.
A native oLFranee, the late Mr. Devine came to thin country when only eight years of age, and resided for 13 years in Montreal.| In 1888 he moved to the present home stead in Thorne, and has lived there since, except for several years when he conducted a shoerepairing business in Shawville. In 1903 he married Adelaide Florence Riley, who predeceased him four years ago.
! iHe is survived by one daughter, Mrs. Thom. Kiikam, of Kirkland Lake, and eight sons, Clifford, of Ottawa ; Del me r, Densil, Lee and Dalton, of Britannia Bay, Webster and Clinton, of Kirkland Lake, and Karl, of Shawville. A second daughter, Mrs. Clifford Greer, died eleven years ago *
The funeral was held on Tuesday afternoon from the parlors of W J Mayes & Son, to 8t- Matthew’s Chmch and cemetery, Chatteris. Services were in charge of Rev. T E R Nurse, of Shaw ville, a my I# ted by Mr. Hugh Morti
are
Wearing the Monocle
Although the “traditional English* is- always portrayed abroad as wearing a monocle and many Englishmen do. in fac;, ,favor a single eyeglass; the custom is a Continental one rather than English, says Pearson's London Weekly Contrary to general belief, most monocles are not worn merely as ornaments (except by dandies), but are actually single eyeglasses. It was once supposed that a glass for one eye would also reduce the strain in the other eye.
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
• f
man
Ford Service
Miss Sheila Masson, of Montreal, was a week end guest at the home of her parents, Mr and Mrs. P. J. Masson in town.
Miss Lorraine Pokes left Sunday to spend a week s vacation with her brother, Mr. Brome Pokes, at Gananoque, Ont.
• 9
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils

J. P. Wilson
Wain Street
Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
I
Mims Eleanor Judd, of Ottawa, pending a vacation at the home of her uncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Judd, in town.
itt 8
Hardest Period in Life of Dwarfs
The hardest period in the life of dwarfs comes with the first realization that they will never grow more. It cornea when they are nearing the teens and when they find themselves outdistanced by their companions, cut off from games and sports of their larger companions, and obliged to seek their own mediums of entertainment. The fact is that
their own methods wf
,	< Evil Spirits Blamed
When the Indian chief, Chicago, was yuung, he traveled across the Atlantic, coming back to his Illinois tribe with the news he had seen five ; ees, one above the other. This was In the days before any Chicago building was more than two stories
mÊÊÊÊÊÊÊU mm
t was impossible that Chief Chicago igreed they were correct and that m evil spirit had played upon his
eases
Cards of Thanks
Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Meade,* of Park ridge. N.J., are visiting at the homes of Messrs R. C. and U N. Woodley, in town.
Mims Isabel Baker, who ham been visiting her cousin, Mims Id» Brownlee, has returned to her home in Outremont, Que.

The family of the late John Sheppard desire to express their sincere thanks to friends and neighbours for many kindnesses and expression of sympathy during their recent bereavement,



His braves would not believe and proved so conclusively that
The family of the late John Horner desire to express their sincere thanks to friends and neighbours for many acta of kindness and expressions of sympathy during their recent bereavement.
Mr. and Mr# Basil Caldwell, and
little mon, Rodger, of Detroit, are ! they turn to	111
visiting at the home of the for- entertainment and develop along aimers parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jae j robatic, musical or gludious lines.
¦
•The pall bearers were M'<*sr*
"A

expression
never quits."
