###PAGE###1###
>•
mm

No 28, >7îji ïeab
SHAWV1LLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 2h. 1039
(S'.50 pen annum In Advance I 2.00 to the United States
Text of King’s Address Christmas D
Happy New Year to All

ay
!
The festival which we know an I Christmas is above all a festival of ¦ peace and of the home. Among , ail free peoples love of peace is profound, for this alone gives jsecurity to the home. But true ' peace is in the hearts of men and it is the tragedy of this time that there a re powerful countries whose whole direction and policy I based on aggression and the
mankind.
It m this that has stirred our peoples and given them a unity 1 unknown in any previous war. We have the feeling in our heat t# that we are fighting against wickedness and this conviction will give us strength from day to day to persevere until victory is assured At home we are, as it were, taking the strain fur what may lie ahead for us, resolved and con tident. We look with pride and thankfulness on the never failing courage and devotion of the Hoyal Navy on which throughout the
Dr. Wallace Hudgins, Montreal ,ast foll£ «uonthi has burst the One of the United Y. P. Us I Sidney Hudgins, ^ ••	; «toi in of ruth lets and unceasing
most inspiring pageants was pre- Gilbert Armstrong, ••	war .	.	.
sen ted in the church auditorium	Mrs. M M. Ross, tt N„	1	"	And when I speak ol our navy
on Christmas night, the play be-	Miss Shela Masson,	••	today, 1 mean all the men of our
iug, ‘The Innkeeper's Daughter	Chas Ogilvy, *, ¦ *»	”	••	Empire who go down to the sea in
of Tourraine, in taro acts with	I Kd. Manley,	,?	ships, the mercantile fiiarine, mine
prologue.	I Donald McRae, West mount	sweepers, trawlers and drifters,
There was a good audience pro* I Norris Brough, St. Lambert.	from senior officer to the last boy
sent for the pageant, which told i Brome Pokes Gananomie	.wh<l) !,rts Joined tip. To every one
an old French Christmas legend of ; Harry W. Scott, Toronto	Kreat 1 send a message
Nie 10th century, and illustrated a . Miss Marion Dale, Verdun	ol gratitude aud greeting from
great spiritual truth. The title of I Miss B. Armstrong, "	and aH “W l^oples.
Madeleine, the Innkeeper s daugh-1 Miss Maude Dahms “	f,l,e Hikni.e *"**»*** I send to our I
ter was taken by Jean McKay,	Miss Arminta McDowell,	Hull,	gallant air force, which, in cowhile the host and hostess of.the ! Miss Lillian Wickens, Bull,	.operation with the navy, is our
Inn were ably poitrayed by Rob Miss Catherine Tracy, Wakefield, «ure shielil ot defence. They are Hudgins and Nobel Sly, Other | Miss Mabel McGuire, Liscelles daily ml«ling laurels to those that leading parts were taken by Wal- Miss line Elliott, Lu^k ville	t“.eu Others won.
ter Kilgour as the village mayor ; Miss Amelia Smart, Granby	1 would send a special word of
Elaine Horner as a wandering Borden Corrigad* Caiman Morri-1 g,rt‘et.ln* t(J the armies of the gypsy woman ; Barbara Woodley son and Edgar Stark, Cameron ,Pml’ tl) Oiose who have come as a troubadour ; Wilmer Hodgins I Highlanders, Ottawa	from afar aim in particular to the
as a village choir leader; Ronald ! Gordon Strutt and Gilmour Hod- Ir11.1 • kxi^btjonai y horce. Their Dean and Edith Currie Mills as j gins, R.C.A.F . Ottawa	|	bar« They are waiting
Monsieur and Madame D'Argent ; Harry Hone, Il 0.8.C . Ottawa	I	19 rt,>trIftJ, °* n®rvee «»d
George Reid as Michel, a painter ; Melvin Bradley, Il C.A , Ottawa discipline. But I know that when Clarence Dean, as Alphonse, a Iverson Harris, Bruce Horner, the 11,1,6 comi\8 for ttCt,uV they ™}U silversmith, and Eleanor Chant as Walter McDowell, Ernest Dean, P!°âve themselves wor thy of the a peasant women.	Douglas Carupdell, Beverley How-1 highest traditions of their great
During the play a dozen Christ ard, John Belsher, Charles Hines, iseJpVIV®. mas carols, quartettes and solos Kenneth Wilson, Win Hanna, the ! To all who are preparing them-were given by the choir, those Misses Lucille Brough, 1 Audrey selves to serve their country on The Choir and Y. P. U. of the having platform parts being Wil- Fulford/Mayfred Horner, Shirley 96a or land or in the air I send! _ United Church to the number of mer and| Glenn Hodgips, Gordon Duds, Joyce Fihdlny. Eleanor and greetings at this time. The men about forty went through the Paul, Mrs. A D. McCrodi». M<*. ti Evelyn Kilgour, Macdonald Col and women of our far flung Empire village on Christmas eve sieging F. McDowell and Miss K Woodley, lege,	working in their severaf vocations
Christmas carols. Accompanists The prologue was given by Geo. Mr. and Mrs. Harold Stark and with the one same purpose all are were George Reid, cornet, and Reid, Eleanor Chant aud Margaret son, and Mr. and Mrs A. C Stark lue”lber8 .,l Kicat- family ot Gordon Paul, saxophone. The Young and Mrs, Edgar Hod gins and family, Oshawa.	nations which is prepared to
party sang twice in each block was the accompanist at the con- Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Grace and ««orifice everything that freedom Between Shawville Milling Co. and sole of the electric organ.	children, Pembroke,	¦	mfty **ved to the
ft.8KSTSSbXîMJS - -----	JS'SÆSÎ!W *“• "pe-,^.
tal and on other streets and made King’s Honors List	Miss Sadie Tugman, Cornwall • ol the great dominions, of India,
1°:	Æ’sasürvssv'.»	K-* 'ZiïXX
b ideles O Little Town of Beth- chilly announced. The birthday Falls,	r all	;n utw1 - tr
lehem ' were sung, and the choir to be issued for the official Ken. McLaughlin, North Bay, , “lu‘h unity in aim and in effort received many expressions of celebration of His Majesty's birth- Dresse I Langford, Carleton Place | ,HÏ never been 96611 in the world! than k f for tneir melodious intro- day, which next year is Thursday, Horace Hudgins, Kirkland Lake, Puî*1	; u »- - . é
duction of an old-time English June 13, will be of greater length Mr. and Mrs. Win Bundle, Sud- 11 ^ tbe tails<\ wb,6ll binds to-
Christian civilization. On no other basis can true civilization be built. Let ih remember that through the dark times ahead of us and when we are making the peace for which all men pray.
The New Year is at hand cannot tell what it will bring. If it brings peace, how thankful we shall be. If it brings us continued struggle, we shall remain iindaiint

i
X
Once again we wish to voice our appreciation of the co-operation received during the past year from, our friends in this community. We hope that everybody enjoyed a very Merry Christmas and that all will have a Hàppy and Prosperous New Year.
%*/
i



TT*

%
ave
mu p
we hold dear tor
X
(gwtftUJH
To Our Friends and Customers :
Our wish Ns that your Christmas bright and cheerful and that the New Year will bring you and Health, Happiness and Prosperity
x
THE EQUITY
was
g
yours
x
The Superintendent of Pontine: united Y. P U Present Community Huephel. Shaw ville, inspiring Pageant acknowledge* with thunks a sick call set, from the Women's Auxiliary of St. Edward the Confessor’s Church, Bristol.
A mixed dance will be held in the Theatre on Friday night of this week. Good music pion, 35 cents.
PERSONAL MENTION
X
X
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Shawville,
X
X
Quebec
X
X
Admis-

J
The annual Now Year's Tea. under the auspice? of St. Paul’s congregation, will he held in the Theatre on Monday night. No program. Usual admission.


United Y P U. Will Present
x
X
Ou Sunday night at 7.30 New Year» Eve, the United U. will present as a worship service the appealing sacred pageant "The Portals of IMO.'l There are a dozen costumed characters In this timely pageant which is illustrated bÿ a number of evangelistic hymns by the choir. Every invited to this special servit
p. m .
y p.
X
X
X
X
X
>
one is
ce
X
Street Carol Singing
X
X
my
X
u.
(Si
M'
X
«
m

X
X
X
X

X
X
such as
I believe from my heart
X
— From Ottawa
1930
1940
Zion Christmas Tree
Ofloor. of D,strict	I S,ehnSMcK,bnl.y,
A good crowd were present in Orange Lodges	Miss Gwen Hodgins,
Zion	Sunday School on Friday	—	" Ada Wilson,
night in spite of the inclement	The election of officers at	the	'•	Nora Hodgins.
weather for the annual Christmas	annual meetings of several of	the	“	Marjorie Tugman,
tree and program. -	>	Orange Lodges in the district were	“	Pearl Kelly,
The training of those taking part	as follows : -	“	Lorraine Fokes,
was in the capable hands of the	Shawville L O L. No 27—W	M.,	“	Merle McDowell,
teacher, Miss Bobina	Wallace,	W. H. Corrigan ; D M., Jack Judd;	Mrs. Charles Dagg
ably assisted by Mrs	Wesley	chaplain, Andrew Sly ; R.9., R.	Mrs. H. Millar and daughter, Miss
Hines, as accompanist. Rev. A. Hodgins ; treasurer, Ebert Horner; Marjorie	T - , f
Sara as	m
Thompson. .'Song, exercises and Corrigan, L Dagg, J Richardson Mr. and Mrs. Robt. Glasper, drills were also given by the whole and M. Morrison.	Mrs. M Webb and daughter. I va,
school. The leading item of the vKnox L.O.L. No 34—W.M., John | Mrs. Andrew Hodgins is visiting program was the presentation by Dagg ; DM, George Campbell ; relatives in Ottawa for the holi the young yeople of the three act chaplain, G. T. Dagg ; treasurer, day season.
play	"The Christmas Shadow ”	H. Hen nick	; secretary,	Leonard Mr. and Mrs. Westburn	Ramil
The title role wae taken	by Nor	Horner ; lecturers, H. Hayes and	ton, of Meyronne, Sask.,	arrived
man Reid and others in the cast	W. Wilson ; D. of C., C Richard-	last vyeek to spend the	Winter
included Mr. and	Mrs. Lawrence	son ; committee,	chairman, Harry	months with their relatives in this
Barber, Hazel •	Elliott, James	McDowell, Alex	Hazard, A.	Bus-1 district.'
Warren and Mrs.	Mervin Thump	sell, F. Wiggins	and.Norval	Kil-	Mr. John Grant, of Clinton, Ont.,
Rowr.	-	-	ia renewing acquaintances in town
At the close of the program Stark a Corners L.O,L. No.1478— this week after an absence of lWÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊt
Santa appeared and gave gifts W.M., Roy Elliott ; chaplain, A. eleven years when employed	------ -
and a treat to all present. One Brown; treasurer. G. Elliott; R S , I here by thé Shawville Marble and Pleads Guilty of Violating gift was an envelope containing a E. Brown ; D. of C., ^H. Brown ; Granite Works, Mf. Grant is now | Canadas War Act###### sum of money and an address in lecturers, A. had y and G. Mqore : proorietor of a monument business
appreciation of the untiring work committee, Alvin Brown. Neil |n Clinton. His daughter. Miss I Mrs. Lena Hampel. 42, of Staf of the Sunday School superintend- Wilson, Geo. Moore, S. Hobbs, and Florence Grant, of Toronto, ar f„rd township, Renfrew County, ent, Mr. Wesley Hines. The ad- J* W. H°clRin«.	rived Tuesday to spend a short pleaded guilty last Thursday be
dress was as follows	L O.B.A. No. 1033, Starks Cor- vacation with friends.	fore Magistrate W K MacGregor,
Dear Mr. Hinea :	W.M., Mr*. E Uoue ; D.M., I	—r— ------—	of Pembroke, to making state-
We, your friends and neighbours take Mrs. R. Wilson ; R 8., Mrs. Harry Mrs. J. P. Hayes	merits intended to, or likely to
this opportunity of presenting you with Hodgins; m, Miss M. Cameron ; Mr$1 Margaret M. Hayes, widow cause disaffection, contrary to the this small gift to show our appreciation treasurer, Miss Minerva Corrigan ; of j0|in p HHyeg; died Thursday Defence of Canada Regulations, for your services rendered to thih chaplain. Miss Amy Corrigan ; Qf	week at Campbell s Ha) She was fined $25. and coats.
Church at Sunday School Superintend n	?	.-.lïî! w b	Mrifliirw, who was in her	79th Crown	Attorney H.	H. Johnson
O. Whelan , /^"Mian. W. II	lived at Ottawa until revealed that Mrs. Hampel stated
and a	G .Id. n	The	funeral	was held The funeral was	held from	the foolishly,	but these	statements
Prospewu. K.w Twr	5,"^	ftftld’.'.W	«ftotft	f T	oil.™
a	brother-in law of	Mr* Win,	SI, for funeral	mass at	St. not n» *. c» pt his lenient ruling as
L - ”------- 1	1 George’s Church.	a pr ent
X
(grMmg
We
X
ed
X
May the New Year bring you Joy, Happiness and Prosperity is our sincere wish to you and yours.
X
X
to you
“I said to a man who stood at the gate of the year, 'Give me a light that I may tread safely into the unknown,' and he replied, 'Go out into the darkness and put your hand into the hand ot God. That shall be to you better than light and safer than the known
X
X
A
t
« 9
way
May that Almighty hand guide and uphold us all.
X
son
X
X
The W. A. Hodgins Stores Ltd.
X
ent.
I Hitler run this
X
as
' *
$
x&ax&x 8?ea&sxs& sxs&aM
We
•ur

i

###PAGE###2###
I
à
vrtt IO
8



l
m
Mg

•F,
IM

v
V
J






ÊF

z


<, *

« l
% •
Legend Surrounds Christmas Fairy
O Little T own Of Bethlehem
a
The Christ Child
in Lsa. 7: 14. 24. And Joseph arose from his sleep, and did as the angel of the Lord commanded him, and took unto him his wife; 25. and knew her not till she had brought forth a son: and he called his name JESUS.
The Little Child
Matt. IS; 1. In that hour came the disciples unto Jesus, saying, Who then is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven? 2. And he called to him a little child, and set him in the midst of them. 3. And said, Verily I say unto you, Except ye turn, and become as little children, ye shall in no wise enter into the kingdom of heaven. 4. Whosoever therefore shall humble himself as this little child, the same is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven. No one has yet given the perfect and exclusive interpretation of this profound idea — it has been suggested that Christ here means that we should be like children in humility, in obedience, in indifference to the distinctions of rank and wealth, pure-hearted. 6. And whoso shall receive one such little child in my name receiveth me. Let us receive and cherish children in Jesus1 name, just as he would receive himself.
Let No Harm Come
6. But whoso shall cause one of these little ones that believe on me to stumble, it is profitable for him that a great millstone should be hanged about his neck, and that he should be sunk in the depth of the sea. How can we cause little children to stumble? By letting them see our own unbelief, cynicism; by letting them have their own way. by failing to restrain or discipline them. Children cannot have a full knowledge of Christian doctrines, but they can know Jesus as one who loves them, whom they can trust and pray to.
Christmas
Lesson
The Child and The Kingdom
y»
There, Was Bom A “Saviour Who 1» Christ the Lord"
Gossamer Creature Was Ones A Poor Unhappy Little Girl
Bethlehem or The House of Breed, was more anciently known as Ephrath or Fruitful, but In modern tlmce Is called Belt-lahm or “House of Flesh."
All three names are significant to Christians whose Interest in K arises from the tremendous fact that in that little town was born Him Who was rightly called “The Bread of Life;" Who was to be the fruitful Head of a new race, widespread as the world itself; and Who was there born In x human flesh, though the Almighty Son of God.
18-25; 18: 1-14; 19: 13-15.
PRINTED TEXT, Matt. 1: 18-25;
18: 1-6; 19: 13-15 COLDTN TEXT—A little child
•hall lead them. Isa. 11:6.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
TIME—The annunciation to Joseph, the conception of the Virgin Mary, and the birth of Jesus all took place, probably, in the year 5 B.C. The teaching of Jesus concerning childhood was given in the autumn of A.D. 20.
PLACE—Mary’s conception and the annunciation to Joseph occurred in Nazareth. The birth of Jesus took place in Bethlehem. The teaching of Christ found in this lesson was given in Capernaum.
Matthew 1: 18. Now the birth Of Jesus Christ was on this wise: When his mother Mary had been betrothed to Joseph, before they came together she was found with child of the Holy Spirit. The divine conception of the Virgin Mary by the Holy Spirit is given with much greater detail in Luke’s Gospel (1: 26-38). Mark has written nothing whatever concerning the birth and childhood of Jesus. Only Matthew and Luke tell the •tory of the supernatural birth, though John seems to refer to It (1: 14). Matthew tells it to us from the standpoint of Joseph, who was betrothed to Mary, and therefore legally her husband.
Message To Joseph
19. And Joseph her husband, being a righteous man, and not willing to make her a public example, was minded to put her away privily. 20, But when he thought on these things, behold, an angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a dream, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife; for that which is conceived in her la of the Holy Spirit. 21. And she shall bring forth a son; and thou lhalt call his name JESUS; for it is he that shall save his people from their sins. “Jesus" was a very common Hebrew name (Joshua) in its Greek form. It means “Jehovah’s Salvation.” God took hold of a name perfectly familiar, which set the new-born Child among the children of men.
Birth of Jesus
22. Now all this is come to pass, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the Lord through the prophet, saying, 23. Behold, the virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his name Immanuel; which is, being interpreted. God with us. This prophecy is found
Mathew 1:
Have you ever wondered why the graceful, little fairies dressed In the lofellest of gossamer gar ments. with gleaming ornaments in their hair* and dainty wands In their hands, figure so prominently In Christmas decorations and festivities? An old Yuletide legend Is the origin of this. Let me tell you the story.
Many, many years ago on a Christmas Eve a poor little girl named Mary was very unhappy. Mary was an orphan, which means she had neither a mother nor a father, and the old woman she lived with made her tery miserable by her cruel treatment. Snow lay deep on the ground, in the forest where Mary and the old woman lived.
“I want some strawberries,” said the old woman. "Oo fetch me some.”
•
Mary said that there could be no etraw berries growing In the snow but she was pushed out of doors Into the forest. She sat down beneath a tree, and began to cry, and while she cried there came a little gnome carrying a lantern. Night had come on, and it was very dark. ,
“Tell me why you are crying,' said the gnome. Mary told him, and then the gnome said: ”1 am on my way to meet Santa Claus who is coming from Toyland.”
This made Mary very happy, bet all at once a dark cloud covered • the moon, and the gnome turned
pale.
*‘I know this Is the work of the wicked underground gnomes. They have, by their magi cloud over the moon so that Santa Claus cannot And the way to the earth.
-•Quick!" said the gnome, 'take this lantern and held tight to that fir tree#" Mary did as she was asked, while the gnome muttered magic words and the little tree grew. It grew so quickly that it reached right up to the sky, and top was Mary, holding the lantern. And by this means Santa was able to find hie way.
“Make the tree Its proper else once more,” said Santa Claus afterwards. But when the tree became small again, on the top was — no, not Mary, but a beautiful fairy! The little girl had been transform-

Hi






“House of Bread” ' Its history was by no means all bright and holy. Jacob hurrying along with a deathly sick wife, was compelled to halt nearby, while hie greatly beloved Rachel gave birth to the little Benjamin, and then tn her husband’s arms died there.







I-



F
SÎ8
*

4#


*





d
v
1


grave is still marked by a rough stone monument!
It was in Bethlehem that the young Levite lived, who Mlcah hired to be his chaplain, and with whom is connected the tragic story In the last chapters of the book of Judges. The terrible tale of wrong doing and reprisals came perilously near to the destroying of the whole tribe of Benjamin, within whose limits Bethlehem was situât*
H
X X X X \\\\V\NV\\X\\\\X
X X X X X X WWWWXXWXX XXX
ovzcz? ~/W/P/^o
Christmas Day
IN THE STABLE
Flooded river and frosted roads,
Creaking carts with heaped-up loads,
Wild duck winging through leaden sky,
Christmas day is drawing night.
Holly and mistletoe on the stalls
Lanterns, streamers and colored balls.
Short the day and long the night,
Merry games by candlelight.
Silken snowflakes quivering down,
Silent footsteps in the town,
Icicles on the window pane,
Christmas day is here again.
T. Lovatt Williams
The little bulls drew together With the doves softly whispering, While the ass wondened whether He wanted out or in.
Pulling at his rope and starting to paw
His stall, scattering the straw. Each in his gentle way, uneasy, not at rest,
Not knowing why oppressed.
And then the light!
Not day or night,
Put something different and strange—
So that they stopped all movement, waited—
As if each moment now were freighted
With some new thing beyond their vision’s range,
Till clearer, by the manger, they all saw
Mother and child.
And now no longer timid, stumbling, wild,
They stooped above them- seeing how they smiled—
Knowing in some mute, kindly way that all was well,
Not knowing what but feeling love was there.
And Mary, raising happy eyes to
them
Ranged round her as if holden by some spell.
Lifted the babe with care,
And blessed them gently—dumb, Inarticulate, yet getting each his share
Of that great love which to the world had come.
Christ*. Blessing
13. Then were there brought unto him little children, that he should lay his beds on them, and pray: and the disclp’ee rebuked them. 14. But Jesus said, Suffer the little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for to such belongeth the kingdom of heaven. 15. And he laid his hands on them, and departed thence.
made the
Ht Wi Its Past nistory
Thither came the widow Naomi, and her daughter-in-law Ruth, the Moabites*, mourners, bereft of all they had held dear, there the young widow Ruth was wedded to her wealthy kinsman Boaz, thereby becoming great-grandmother of the Psalmist-King David, and also one of the progenitors of the Christmas King, the Lord and saviour of Mankind.
Rohoboam, son of Solomon, made a fortified city of Bethlehem (2 Chronicles XL 16) and later a famous khan (corresponding to our hotel) was built there probably by Chlmham, son of Barzillal the Gileadite who befriended David (2 Samuel XVII.) when In trouble and named atfer him (Jeremiah
T
«orne
on
Pagan Evergreens
ed.
I
And she never had to go back to
but instead
the cross old woman remained in Fairyland where abe lived happily ever after.
was
XLI, 17). This khan appears have been a place where caravans were made up for long journeys, and it was from theuce that the rebellious Jews, disregarding God’s order, set off for Egypt, carrying the prophet Jeremiah with them. It may have been that same khan, or In New Testament terms that Inn. at which Joseph and Mary (Luke 11) applied for lodging, but could find no other accommodation than a stable in a grotto under, or near to It. wherein to spend the first of all Christinas Eves, although they both of royal descent, des-
Decorating the house with evergreens at Christmas is a pagan custom and an edict compiled at the Council o Bracan forbade the people to deck their hemes with bay leaves and green boughs. Pagans believed that the sylvan spirits would repair to them in very cold weather, sheltei beneath their leaves and remain unnipped by frost anjl cold. Houses used to be decked with holm, ivy, bay, laurel, box, and holly.
Mistletoe was forbidden in English churches as it was a heathen emblem, the sole exception being York Cathedral. Dr. Stukeley tells us that it was customary to carry a branch of mistletoe in procession to the. high altar and proclaim a general indulgence and pardon of sins at the city gates.
to
Palestine Has 11 Christmases


Different Dates Marked By Religious Groups in Country

1
Note to little boys and girls who are sorry that Christmas comes but once a year: Palestine has 11 Christmas days, the only country In the world to have so many.
They extend from the Latin ser vices on December 25 to the Abyssinian liturgy on March 25 and result from a fourth century dispute, within the Christian church over adoption of a unified calendar.
Julian, Gregorian Calendars Some Christians adopted the Gregorian calendar, which puts Ch ‘stmas on December 25th. while others retained the Julian calendar and «till others chose their own dates for Christendom's great festivals.	' llllllllllllllllllll
The Abyssinian church
brat€s the birth of Christ on the 25th of every month, but the greatest celebration Is the solemn liturgy on March 25th.
On January 6th, under the Julian calendar, comes the Greek Orthodox celebration. As Latin Christians did on December 25, members of the Greek Orthodox community will make a pilgrimage to the Bethlehem shrine and re-enact the drama of Christ's birth.
The British mandate government of Palestine has recognized all of denominations and has given equal rights and privileges to all Christian shrines, throughout the Holy Land.

k V

were
cendants of King David himself!
That poor stable became the most famous bed-chamber In the whole world, for there amidst the cattle was born the holy Baby, Who was God, the Creator of all things, clothed to mortal flesh, that He might become the Saviour of all who wished It from their sins!
k
Z


Moderation At Christmas Time

r
“Too Much Christiras” Is To
Be Avoided
The Poor Stable
To the stable caifle the shepherds called away from their own sheep-folds by a herald in the heavens, accompanied by choirs of angels, who made the
thrilling momentous WÊÊÊÊÊM ment: “unto you Is born this day to the City of David, a Saviour who is Chrirt the Lord” (Luke 11,
\
cele-

\
Even at Christmas time It Is possible to have “too much of a good thing” say authorities of the Department of Pensions and National Health at Ottawa.
"Have a Christmas without regrets. The health-angle of Christ-m as tide Is Important. Glowing faces of children and gladdened hearts of adults are signs of upsurging spirits. There Is a close relationship between happln Christmas gives everyone an opportunity to discard unhealthy moods and repressions, and to let the spirit of Joy have full rein.”
singing

LiJ

x
announce-

MISTLETOPICS

\

r

\,
ID.
Countless thousands have knelt In «acred worship before that most holy shrine, once "a lowly cattle shed.” the only shelter this evil world cculd provide for its Maker.
One naturally thinks of Christmas-trees, holly, and mistletoe.
Mistletoe gets its name from the German mist, expelled matter. The hard seeds are dispersed by birds passing them undigested through their bodies. Missel-thrushes often function so.
Mistletoe grows most commonly on apple and other rosaceous trees, very rarely on oaks. It gets its nourishment by putting suckers into the branches of Re host.
The sucker-bearing sheets display a weird kind of intelligence, tually groping the way s'onj the branch for the best food supply.

U
L
I
and health.
\
\
Redeemer and King, when in pity-
th
ing love and tender saving mercy He came to visit It, at the Christ-
th
d
mas tide!
Spirit of Joy
Fire marshals wain against ac-
cidenta setting flip to Christmas
of lighted candles, and, since medical authorities are Interesting them selves In accident prevention, this further word of ad
from National Health
t
<
headquarters, “if you must cele
brute away from home, leave your
car 1e the
###PAGE###3###


3&®T
!
nfii
Christmas T rees Profitable Crop
Chris
LOVE LAUGHS AT THE DOCTOR
Orderly Cutt'ng And Marketing Each Yerr Provides À Worthwhile Occupation for Canadian Farmer
BY ELINORE COWAN STONE Copyright, *,#, N6A Some#, Uc.
>
it eeom&d to
CAST OF CHARACTERS CONSTANCE MAIDWELL—heroine; the etand-ln.
DEREK MANTHON—an artlet
emotional to. Lent her that since she hail risen that morning she had lived a tempestuous lifetime.
Canada’s growing Christmas tree trade offers no serious threat to the forests, according to the Itom 1nlon Forest Bervlce. Depart meut nf Mines and Resources. Ottawa. Bach year about sli million Christ-trees are cut In Canada, out
who loved money first
Even so, sho was too numb with fatigue to forecast the misery of the next morning. Sho had it very bad half hour when she awoke to sunshine streaming brightly over the trunk and bags wbicLi stood ah packed —' ready for going away with Derek today.
She was awakened by the flora's boy with thos corsage Derek had ordered for her — all delicate rose and mauvt and blue with lacy sprays of white color
like a funeral, darling." The fresh beauty and fragrance of tho flowers tore at Constance's quivering nerves like raw acid.
It was to have been a quiet wedding — Just she and Derek with two young, married friends of hot own, Don and Anne Cable — Derek strangely enough, seemed to have no friends among hlsema!o acquaintances whom he particularly wanted with him/
HILDEQARDE TH OR V ALD—
Derek painted her portrait.
DR ROGERS—he met him most
MÊÊÈ case.
GREETINGS TO ALL!
mas
under proper management these could be produced In perpetuity oil of less than two hundred
Varied menus to help all year,
Is what 1 have tried to give you here,.
May Christmas joy and peace be with you,
For the old year’s end and the year that is new
CHRISTMAS DINNER
CRANBERRY COCKTAIL
$
?
Last week: Derek leavea from the airport and Connie, with only $10, returns to the Museum for her old job. But there la none. She did put on a good act, anyhow, she reflects, afterward.
an area square miles
Indiscriminate and wasteful methods used by some tree dealer* condemned, but the orderly cutting and marketing of the annual Christmas tree crop provides the basis Sot a .egttlmate and profitable industry. About one million Christmas tree* are used annually In Canadian -homes, and five million are shipped to .the United States.
»
are
Derek loved
CHAPTER V
As Constance walked home through the gathering dusk after her talk with Miss Taft at the Museum that evening, the ten-dol-lar bill In her purse seemed to •brink and dwindle.
But life must be sustained even If Derek was by this time skimming the clouds hundreds of miles away. She stopped at a delicatessen and broke the ten dollar bill to buy butter, rolls, cream and lettuce. When sho came out of the •hop, she had left one five-dollar bill, four ones, and forty-eight cents In change.
White la too much
OYSTER STUFFING
ROAST TURKEY RICED POTATOES
BUTTERED PEAS AND CARROTS
f mixed)
GIBLET GRAVY
CHRISTMAS SALAD
CELERY HEARTS (filled with cream cheese)
PARKER HOUSE ROLLS PLUM PUÛDING (Holiday Sauce)
COFFEE
Six Million A Year
Formerly young trees for the Christmas trade were secured with Htte or no difficulty from the woodlands or pastures situated within convenient distance of towns, villages and other shipping centres throughout Eastern Canada, particularly In Quebec and the Maritime Provinces. Within the past few years, however, a scarcity of suitable trees has been experienced In some localities with the result that many farr ars are now growing Christmas trees on managed plantations.
OLIVES
SALTED ALMONDS
Accepting Sympathy When Constance remembered to telephone Anne the news of the postponment, • Anno had Insisted she spend the day with her.
"Wol! have dinner together Just as we had planned to do after the wedding — you and Don and I,” she said. "You can tell us all about Derek's piece of luck. Then you and 1 can take in & show afterward. I'm going to be a widow, too, tonight. Don has to go out of town. He has a case before the Supreme Court," Anna added with the Ill-concealed pride of the wife ol such a promising young attorney.
"I — thank you, Anne." Constance fumbled for words. "But If you don't mind, I think I'll.just get some rest . .. I — I've been terribly rushed lately."
Just the wrong thing to say, of She shouldn’t let them
RAISINS
MINTS
flour. Dry bread, roll and sift for crumbs. Cream butter and sugar, add the eggs and the suet next. Sift the flour, spices and salt. Add the dry ingredients alternately with the milk. Add the fruit and peel last, mixing all very thoroughly. Steam for 3% hours. Servos 8.
HOLIDAY SA» E
3 cups brown sugar (rolled to be sure no lumps remain)
1 cup butter 3 tablespoons cream teaspoon rose flavoring Two-tbirds teaspoon vanilla Two-thirds teaspoon strawberry flavoring
Red and green vegetable color
CRANBERRY COCKTAIL
4 cups cranberries 4 cups water
2 cups sugar (granulated)
Wash and pick over the cranbcr-Cook with the water until they pop and the skins are all released. St ain through a cloth. Return to heat and boll ten minutes; add sugar, boll five minutes. Put away to chill. Have ready a prepared grapefruit and 3 oranges. Peel the fruit, break in quarters and r> move all white and segments, — there Is a knack In removing this with thumb and Jinger) ; then cut fruit in uniform small pieces. Sprinkle with fruit sugar and chill. When ready to serve put orange and grapefruit mixture in sherbet glasses and add about % cup of cranberry Juice to each glass. Add to centre a green cherry. This amount will serve six.
CHRISTMAS SALAD .
1 package lime jelly powder 1# cups boiling water % cup cider vinegar 6 cloves
1 cup granulated sugar •
1 cup chopped or grated red apple (leaving peel on)
% cup chopped pecans or walnuts
t cel-
Boil together the sugar, vinegar, and cloves, until the mixture threads. Remove the cloves the boiling water to the Jelly powder, stirring until dissolved; then add the sugar, vinegar, cloves mixture. Chill when partially set; add the nuts, apple, celery and pimento. Place In loaf pan to mould. And when ready to serve cut In oblongs to resemble a parcel. Add garnish of pimento bow, and serve with salad dressing.
Outside her door, a dry cleaner's delivery man was waiting for her with two dresses she had sent out several days before. When she had paid him, she had parted with another three dollars of the precious And this was the first day.
Constance had never thought of money except In terms of things she very much wanted to own . . . Now, she found herself considering It, In terms of what she had to have to live.
It is unquestionable that this mew and terrifying preoccupation with ths fundamentals of econom-
Add
ries
ten
Pain In The Neck
Literally True
(
Expressions such as "that man gives me a pain" and "this business makes me sick" may be literally true, according to Dr. Edward Weiss, Temple University (Philadelphia) Medical professor.
Weiss said that the body had some sort of "organ language" for the outlet of tense emotions, which "mimic almost any disease."
"It has been estimated that one-third of all patients consulting tbs physicians are suffering from complaints that don't arise from any physical disease," he said, "and an additional one-third who do have some physical disease, also have a psychological disturbance that contributes to It."
PLUM PUDDING
les was a blessing, however pain fully disguised; for It served to divert Constance's mind from Its weary round of humiliation and devastating loneliness into new, If rather terrifying channels.
She was exploring her ice box to find out how far stores on hand would go towards averting a real food panic when the telephone rang. It was Miss Taft calling.
"If," Miss Taft s crisp accents said, "time still hangs heavy on your hands, you might like to talk with Mrs. O. Major ¦¦¦¦I the aluminum Majors to know that ehe wants a temporary secretary to help her with this Associated Artists' Show she Is sponsoring . . .^Only $2o a week and çxpawkeiî "but ^1 understand that what You're interested in Is mental diversion father than sudden riches."	. - 'fg
A lot yon understand. Constance thought. Aloud she said, "Go on. You Interest me."
"Pine. Then meet the lady at Daimler's for lunch at 1:30 to-mor-Glve your name to the maître d*hotel and you* wlti be conducted to her table as If you were a grand duchess."
T!1 be there," Constance promised. "And thanks a lot."
— oh, by the way, look , — sartorially, I Mise Taft advised lady has worn the same hat for years — largely, I've always Imagined, because she's never been sble to find another one so grot— hut she likes her cheap
School
ing
1 cup dates
1	lb. raisins % cup orange
mixed 1% cup brown sugar 3 eggs, well beaten % cup sweet milk 1% cups sifted bread crumbs 1% cups flour
2	teaspoons baking powder 14 teaspoon salt
1% cups chopped suet 14 teaspoon ginger and clones % teaspoon cinnamon and nutmeg.	/
Wash and prepare fruit, chopping the dates; dredge with a little
Cream butter, add sugar, cream well; then add the cream mixing thoroughly. Divide into thirds. To one-third, add rose flavoring and a touch of green flavoring. To another, add vanilla, and to the third add strawberry flavoring and a speck of red coloring. This mixture must be moulded and an ideal 1 mould is the oblong glass butter cover, which holds a pound. First pack In the green layer, then the pink and finally the white. Store in refrigerator or in a very place, and when ready to serve
in slices.
•non and citron
*
course
think she was crawling Into a corner to lick her wounds. She should have gone, her head high. But she couldn’t face Don and Anne's Interested friendly questions — and watch them wondering, conjecturing behind their eyes while they tried to make gay, Inconsequential
I won't be pitied, Conr
>

talk
stance thought.
"Too bad you couldn't get ready in time to go with Derek," already Anne’s tone was too elaborately bright and*casual..	—
aWasn’t it? But of course some-ohe had to stay to break up my own apartment. You know we intended coming back here after eg wards, while Derek finished some work."
you know, .I happen
cold
cut
-	*4 cup chopped pimento ai
ery each.
ill
f
BE WELL DRESSED AT
HOME
An Attractive House Dress
Greens Fool Hens Into Spring Laying
Strange Medicine
People Today Are Hungry For Laughs
at tar-
if you had a headache you would think twice before going to your chemist and asking him to mix you a potion of frogs’ legs and powdered skulls. But that is the sort of remedy the healers of past ages used to recommend to their patients. As recently as 1716 a book of •'receipts” was published in Britain, giving infallible remedies for all manner of ailments. Among them are these
Airmail Letter
She hung-up ae soon as she possibly could, for fear Anne’s generous heart might prompt her to Insist on coming over to help speed the packing.
•The airmail letter from Derek while a he was washing the
f
Weather note: Winter seems to have skipped entirely the poultry house at the University of Tennessee.
Dr. Paul W. Allen, bacteriology professor, disclosed an experiment in which hens were fed succulent green vegetables “to fool them into thinking spring has come.”
The hens fell for it, put off
their customary against egg-laying. Dr. Allen said they produced 50 per cent more than birds on normal ra-
Vktor Moore, Comedian, Declares Humans Are Trying to Keep Their Balance By Encouraging
A Sense of Hu-
came
dishes after her deauitoiy break
<*
0
e
fast

She was thinking. By this time I should have been getting ready ... In a few hours Derek would have
been here rapped at the door and handed in the gaily red and Mue bordered envelope
The letter had been mailed the evening before at an airport halfway across the continent, stance sobbed when she realised how many miles these few hours had put between her and Derek.
"Connie, darling," Derek began. "I am writing this at my earliest opportunity. It Is Incredible how very full every minute has been since I last saw you."
And how empty for me, Constance thought. She read on:
"Baron Grapefruit has the most amazing grasp of detail of any man I have ever met. Together we have gone with a fine-tooth comb over every Item of the plans for the studio he is furnishing for me. Already he has wired orders to workmen for enlarging the window space and installing special lighting. Within a week It should be all ready for work. If there is any angle he has not already gone into and decided upon, even to, the gown in which, hi# daughter is to be painted, I have yet to discover It. I shall be lucky if he doesn’t go ahead and paint the portrait while he Is about it.
"Part of his plan Is that I am to take plenty of time to get acquainted with Miss Thorvald and to study her before I begin actual work on the portrait. 1 am not at all sure that this la not going to be the most critical part of the Job, tor although she seems to be a very casual, friendly, simple per-very much like a clear, shallow sunny pool — you can't help feeling that she has hidden depths which It might not be easy to pen-ertate.”
Indeed! - thought Constance, and read the last passage thoughtfully
Victor Moore, who soon will celebrate his 64th birthday anni-and his 60th year in the
*
winter strike
“And your smartest
stiangc cures:—
Against Deafness : Ants eggs, mixed with onion juice, to be applied in the ear.
Colic: A live duck, frog or sucking dog. applied to the part “draweth all the evil to itself and dieth.”
Fever: A cataplasm of snails, bruised in their shells, applied to the forehead.
Paralysis: Anoint the affected parts with an ointment made with earthworms.
Sleeplessness: Living creatures applied to the head.
* #
%
when the messenger
\
?ersary
theatre believes that the people more laugh-hungry now than have ever been in his long career as a comedian.
“Especially the kids,” he said in interview. They want to laugh and are not much concerned about what they are laughing at. But the older folks are pretty much the same way; a lot of them to be liking more kinds of
The
6) a
ean
+ *
eggs
tions
are
6
. u
ey
i
4#

* & C
Rabbits vs. Snakes

ê
esque	m
help to put on a snappy f alcade. Next Morning's Misery Constance went to sleep that night pondering an Idea which she might have been surprised to learn had often been entertained by a lot of other overwrought souls — time Is sometimes reckonsnd, mat in hours and minutes, but In
Con-

* 4
an
Shoppers who had stopped to watch the antics of several rabbits in the window of a pet store at Hull, England, were horrified to see snakes escape from the next partition and steal among the rabbits. But a rabbit devoured one of the snakes, and the rest slid back to their own “den*’ as fast as they could.
Hf.
»%iL ®
4
a
seem
humor.
“Psychologists have got very profound over this, but it doesn't strike me as especially involved. The world has worked itself into another mess, and human beings trying to keep their balance by cultivating a sense fo humor.”
"Same Old Ingredients"
Five decades in show business have taught Mr. Moore that there's nothing new in comedy.
“We've dressed up the old material fit to kill and produced some gorgeous mountings, but the same old ingredients are still there and always will be,” he
e*.
.*£* * f. 1
Her Small House
«
»
*>

*

In New York, John Stlloti was called the “meanest man in New York” by Magistrate Henry H. Curran and was sent to the workhouse for three months. He stole a baby carriage.
are
ê
She has so little in her house of that which money buys;
Plain things are there, but Oh, she is so strangely beauty-wise,
She hides the old worn wood of chairs with bright paint .smoothly spread;
Her table is an orange flame,
A dull blue is her bed.
Her small yard yields for love of her;
Her little orchard bends beneath its load of scarlet fruit.
The birds ate all her friends.
She brings arm-loads of glory in to brighten every room;
A bowl of fruit, star-spangled there, and here a mass of bloom,
And her small house is lovelier With God’s paint and her own,
Than almost any other house That have ever known.
—Grace Noel Crowell.
* 4
t
*



Z

3001

SIZES 11-4<

EAFEN

By Louise Lennox
MAl^OUPOJ^OOAV The «,* ACOUSTKON
said
Your house dress should be as smart and becoming as your Sunday best. This frock has slimming lines and is as comfortable as you could want a work frock to be. The wide tie-belt holds it in snugly at the waistline and ties in a perky bow in the back. Why not choose a dainty floral printed cotton and trim it with white collar, cuffs and pocket bands, edged with a frethy ruffle?
Style No. 3001 is designed for sixes 14, 16, 36. 38, 40, 42 and 44. Sixe 86 require! 3% yards of 39 inch material whh % yard of contrasting.
Send fifteen cents (lie). (Coin is preferred) for PATTKRN to Louise Lennox. Room 421.
West Adelaide St.. Toronto. Write
arc to stau*

pro W4*#
bearing.
Weather Signs
Mostly "Boloney"
sail
Address coupon to Aeaaaet. lastltatt at your
nearest city
Haaallt Kltekcar
Just because squirrels store extra large quantities of nuts and horses grow thick coats, it does net mean tint a severe winter may be expected, Dan McGowan, Banff naturalist, said when he arrived at Winnipeg last week on a lecture teur.
“That's a fallacy," the naturalist declared when asked if the storing of nuts by squirrels was a sign of a cold winter. "The squirrel does not	be mate but sleeps
78 j intermittently. The milder the ; u inter, the oftener ,he wakes up j and cats. Thv «older the winter the more he sticks to sleeping and j the less food be eats.-	*
— 44 King St. E.
142 Victoria St. & | — 194 Elmwood Ave. Ottawa — 343 Nepean St. -* Fereale — 330 Bay SL
— 408 Bartlet Bldg.
LJUK
8K
E



wi
ACUtSTTCON INSTITLTB
foil Information >n ACOUSTICON—no obligation.	" Jr'
>tproe ..................
Address ................
town ....................
to
PI
i p to •

GOOSE AND x DUCK FEATHERS WANTED

I

J
§llgheel rrlrw l‘»M.
three time*.
Then she giaii-ahead for some h she meat wanted la Ugar.
I To He Cbkflnupd)
CANADA 4 0*KOMI KM 4 0 Tf :* #* k»a«r U»Hal4e 1421 Tie	Mi. 8. — Tanmiw
ISSUE NO. SI—39
ed impatiently at of the n»w*
*
plainly your nance Style number. Do glzc you \ ish
B

#
u
I
###PAGE###4###

t

/
Bristol School Board
THE EQUITY
SHAWVILLE, DEC, 23,1939
X
X
V
\
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL OUR FRIENDS
V
V
Dec. Il, UW
\
\

Regular meeting of Bristol School Commissioners held on Above date, present, Chairman Woods and Commis ; sioners Stewart and Walsh.
I The minutes of last meeting were
of Coinr. Walsh
V
%
\

X
\
i
V
s
X
X
Declares Quebec is Helping Empire
•r

x
\
\
<
x
read and on motion province is were idouted.
The Inspector's report ot
Lieutenant ( Klenicotary schools was read and adopt term **d on motion <•! ( omr. Stewart.
m
X
X
.t
Despite the war, Qui ‘‘manifesting the best possible spirit of
ting and initiative (îovernor lv L. Vatenaudv, wlit >
Tan. 1st, said in a L
\
\


V
r.
I \
rd
\ ill”
V


\
\
that til»»'
Motion Vy Comr Waisti,
. following bills ho approved and paid : to footer Muyor Supplies Ltd., maps. etc. $7^ r»r>, i part ici ( l\ tVillimtync, 1 cords of light
VlliOtl . .... i .. ...	.
a. Mark', work and snpp'iv> to No.
llodgins Lumber Co.,
W. A. Hudgins Store,
MiV. ( ). Cuthhvttson, meals t Commissioners . .
Chris'!
V

V
lél
expire
Now Year message “Our people are their own development and to p at*' in the efforts of the various f the British Empire”, Mid tl which referred to the Royal \ ivit la and the death vf l ope 1 ills X1
\s ,

K
\
striving
\
\

X
SVC 1101.
X
To all with whom we have had the
X
m
!
I
H
ii
X
W
In the profound belief that the spirit of “On % Earth Peace, Goodwill Toward Men” will ultimately prevail, the management and
staff of the J. L Hodgins Garage wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
11) tu
:t do
i.
s
1 ' '
\
Mipplio Minfh. .
privilege of doing business, whether
sellers we extend
till!
i
I

m.
\
as buyers or as most cordial greetings and sincere
i3 m
Motion by Vomr. St. wait that tin*
l be accepted :
%
p
Sir Eugene Fiset Sworn in December 30th
X
X

follow ing tenders for woo<
################ . Si l	IVter I »•	1^75
Sir Kugenc Kisct, newly appointed	t.	^	»•	(>. B. Cnthbcrtsn at	2 1)0
Lieutenant Governor of Quel»ec, wi.lti'	t.	.j	..	Leonard Stanley	at
«worn into ottic* December 30th, it was	i	,,	^	..	Henry Lucas
innoiinced hut week, I he ceremonies,,	>4	^	..	Milton Henderson at	2 9h
*o be hel l in the Council Chamber ot	.»	^	"	Harvey Ross
lie legislature, will be attended by re-	j	n	-	"	Lloyd Kmmeraon at *
tiring Lieutenant Governor K. L. baton-	:	%{	^	.»	Lewis Hnrknes>	at
uide, Premier Adehud Godbout, mem-	u	»•	)vter Doherty at
of the Provincial Cabinet and other Motion by Conn Walsh, that this .roverninent officials.	Board close the schools in this district
for the Christmas holidays on Dec. 21st,
1939,	and re open them on Jan. 3rd,
1940.
Motion by Comr. Walsh, that the school taxes on the following fprn; orties be handed over to the Municipality for
\
k

wishes for their prosperity and welfare in the year that lies ahead
X
2 90 at 249
V
\

V
/
V

2 *0
at
2 60
2 90
2.60
vrs
V
P

J. Hall Kelly
Being Named to Ireland
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REC'O.
V
lion. John Hall Kelly. Quebec Legls-
ative Councillor, and longjprominent in	collection:	. ,	,	,	,
lie public life of his province, will, it is	Lots 10~3:t,	<*	3u	and 1"	ar.d	juit	of
understood, be the Government s choice j 13-a, Range	l	.	Lots	27 A,	and	part	of
or-High Commissioner to Ireland.	2H, Range -	:	L< f 3	h.ange \
Mr Kelly, who lives at New Carlisle, Motion by Comr Walsh, that hmmer Won iventure County, Quebec, is i lawyer son Dean be appointed caretaker of No. Sy profession, and is reputed to be the 6 school to replace John Miller who hi
assessor of considerable wealth.	j resigned. .	......	.
Of Irish extraction, Mr. Kelly was On motion of < «*nr W aUh. the meet
,oiu Ml the Gaspe Peninsula, and first | ing adjourned Attracted attention as a notable crminal r. L ater he entered Quebec i>ulitie>
Liberal, and some years ago lie be a Legislative Councillor, in addition to practising lib profess, Mr. Kelly was extensively interc**!-d in timber business".
#
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
is
X
ç
'
X
X

X
H. 1. Smith.
Sec. Trees
X
!
a
' iwyei


vyiyi/'Z /VIZ

s A
itivvrii
I • V.
In : e ns e Trace! to AnVtiuily
be traced :v it are
H*n


L 4
New year
(llluifitmafi
I 4Vit
U»'
TU
an
Ui
i 1

d Rome, cquer.tly in the
u,:m	\
{.liston, Munster of binxnce, announced	vf lr>,:„ pives evidence of
lut during the v»st few week, l-rv^r- ,	v;. ,v,, ,;tnt of incense by the
iA«,ry organization work bas been going HlRrf.^ •	,Vi;rship of U e gods
connection wi h Canada, first ¦ jr(, „,f ,p , r „ e dead from the Aar Loan. Mr. KaMon .stated th , remote>t antiquity. No satisfactory would probably make 1 s aJ.'D‘ir' traces can be found of the use of
ly pai o 0 | ipcersc. -ir the rdual of the Christian imt that as yet no decision had been rhuj v> ai-r>a thc first four centu-
eacbed as to the date of offering and	fies	hut jt cu	lflSo	g5e about the
,t>viously the terms and conditions o	C€MTtii!\v. It	vas	abandoned in
the Loan can only be considered and Eng,and |n îht. reign of Henry VIII.
decided upon immediately before the	byl	revived l>v	the	High Church
S>an is announced.	party late in the Nineteenth cen-
Hcrwever, as the Loan Campaign will a	t	noth the	Greek and Latin
the first widespread voluntary effort c^urvj,es u<t. incense in worship, ¦which the Canadian people a i ¦•¥hole will be asked to play a part on ihc economic warfront a great deal of vork had been done in planning the organization of the Campaign. In this oimection, the Minister stated that there would be a National War Loan Committee which will consist of representative citizens across Canada and •will demonstrate th* national character f the first War Loan offering.
On this Committee, of which the Minister of Finance will he Chairman,
*ill be thc five former Ministers of finance now living, namely, lit. Hon.
Sfr Thomas White ; Hon. Sir Henry Dbayton ; Hon. Chas. A. Dunning ; lit Hon II R Bennett, and Hon. E.
N. Rhodes ; and demonstrating the ration-wide unanimity in the purpose of prosecuting the war the provincial ‘reasurer of every province from Nova Scotia to British Columbia has consented to serve. Thc following are the nine Provincial Treasurers : - Hon Angus L.‘ Macdonald, Nova Scotia :	Hon. C.
T/ Richard, New Brunswick ; Hon. J.
A.* Matbewson, Quebec ; Hon Mitchell Hepburn, Ontario . Hon. Stuart S.
Oarsou, Manitolra ; Hon. W. J. Tatter, Saskatchewan ; Hon. Solon E. Low,
Alberta ; and Hon. John Hart, British Columbia.
The]National War Loan Committee (fill be fully representative of the various sections of Canada. It will provide the assistance of a group of citizens who will individually and collectively take interest in furthering the undertaking and who will be available to plan ind assist any activity which may be cewwlered necessary for the success of
«he Loan.
“While necessarily the formal membership of this Committee is limited, I am :dnfideoi," said Mr Ralston, “that every citizen, regardless of his or her walk in life, will rrgard himself or herself as a number of the nation wide organiza for putting this loan ‘over the top”.
i

Canada s War Loan 1940
Vu
4 è
1 I

w,
T
To Ail
Our Customers We WishYou And Ÿours ¦>

o greet many friends and customers in the district with the hope you will enjoy good cheer at Christmas and throughout the New Year.


Loan
.ncv some time in the ear
A Happy New Year
Wilmer Hodgins
(fl
Seeking Old Book
The “Great Red Book oî Eye/’ which is 400 years older than Magna Charts, is being sought by Miss M. E. Short, mayor of Eye. England. It contains manuscript copies of the four Gospels and was taken te England in 636 by Saint Felix. It was apparently borrowed by a nobleman about 80 years ago and never returned. Eye wants to reclaim it for an exhibition of local documents.
Shawville, ' Quebec
LESLIE DALE
Shawville, Quebec
NOTICE
I
French Stamp Issue-
Issuance by France of stamps in of the Liege Water Exhibit
Province of Quebec Municipality of Clarendon
I
apoor ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
lion proved a riddle until officially
explained by the Paris postai au- ¦ .	,	,	.	,
thorities. Tlie stamps show a pic- ; that there will be held on Wednesday of the building that houses the i the 10th day of January, 1940, at the hvdraulic pumping machinery ‘at hour of ten o’clock in the morning, in Marly, on the Seine The explana- Hynes’ Hall, a meeting of the owners of tion is that the machinery was built real estate of this Municipality, entered :j\ o native of Liege, Belgium, Louis as such upon the Valuation Lou, to Kcne Sualem. generally known as proceed with the nomination of three Renr.cquin When Louis XIV or- I Councillors in the room and stead of itreA the palace at Versailles built | Councillors James Whelen, Ira Hanna 3rd instructed his engineers to sup- and James Judd, whose term of office water for fountains on the waste expires. Should there be more than arc none of them could solve the three names on the Nomination Papers
Rennequin, experienced at. thc hour of noon, an election will be water out of mines, held in the same hall on Monday, J%ny
prove 15th, 1940, starting at 8.00 a.in and was l continuing to 6 00 p m.
Given at Shawville this 26th day of December, 1939.
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given
Door Masterpiece
The bronze doors executed for the Baptistery at Florence, Italy, by the artist Lorenzo Ghiberti are regarded as among the world's masterpieces. Michelangelo said : * They are beautiful enough for the gates of paradise." Ghiberti worked for more than 25 years on them sculpturing 10 stories from the Old Testament in their panels.
i
c
lure
ESTABLISHED 18S3
COACH
INVALID
GEORGE HYNES & SON
pi>
Directors of Funeral Service
>rob!em.
puir. pir.g
rstructed machinery tc '.«vif indispensable and led back to a permanent job.

Sheriff Sales

u
Shawville, Que.
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given that the undermentioned LANDS and TENEMENTS have been seized, and will be sold at the respective times and places mentioned below.
Superior Court-Pontiac
;
.•j
Phone 80
JOHN A. DEAN. Scc.-Treas.
Municipal Council of Clarendon
Saltern Sea of California The Sailor sea is a brackish lake n the centre! depression cf the Colo-adti desert in southeastern Cali-Prior to 1905, it was a salt ih interspersed with shallow sane pcr.ds and lakes, covering an ;rea about 30 miles long and 12 | miles wide, with the surface lying ibout 230 feet below sea level. In 905 and 1906, by an accidental in-low cf water from the Colorado riv-,r, through defective irrigation ca-als,. this watery marsh expanded nto a lake 40 miles long, from 10 to 16 miles wide and 90 feet deep. Aft-the inflow of water was stopped n 1907, the lake receded as a result of evaporation and*by 1920 covered only 265 square miles.
i
in
<>r ma
m.
Canada
Province of Quebec District of Pontiac
N« . 477f,	W
GEORGE AM YOTTK, farmer, of called Westmeath, in the
Beattie’s Eye Service
NOTICE
Province of Quebec Municipality of Shawville,
!
i he place
Province of Ontario, plaintiff ;
NARCISSE GPwAVELINR, of the village of Fort Coulooge, district of Pontiac, defendant.
That certain lot of land known and designated on the official plan and book of reference for the village of Fort Coulonge, in the county of Poo true, province of Quebec, Canada, as being lot number three hundred and one of the said village of Fort Coulonge—and >tlso the buildings, houses and other dependencies thereon erected, (lot No
To be sold at the Registrar’s Office for the County of Pontiac, in the villa* of Campbell’s Bay, on FRIDAY, thr
TWELFTH day of JANUARY, 194a at TEN of the clock in the forenoon.
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie's Eye Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If you wait to too as you should see you will too
Beatties Eye Service >
¦I Settntifi' Eye Examination*|______
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given that there will be held on Wednesday the Wtb d.iy of January, 1940, at the hour of ten o'clock in the morning, in Hynes’ Hall, a meeting of the owners of real estate of this Municipality, entered as such upon the Valuation Roll, to proceed with the nomination of three Councillors in the room and stead of Councillors C N. Woodlev, R P. Eades, J. M. Argue whiles term of office expires Should there he more than three name# the Nomination Papers at the hour
vs
i#e
Root and Fodder Cyop Report for
•r
1939
fThe Provincial Bureau of Statistics,
Agricultural Division, issued recently the provisional estimate of the yea Id of root and fonder crop, in the Province of Quebec in 1939
As compared with the final estimate in 1938, thc yield of potatoes at 9,607,-m>o cwf. shows a decrease of 2 9 pc.; the gield of turnips and mangolds at 7jp0a0O0, shows an increase of 0 4 p c.; the yield of fodder corn, at 550,000 tons, indicates an increase of 4.6 p ci; the
provincial estimate of the yield of hay	_
gives a total of 6.871,000 too*. represent- J Sheriffs Office,
remainS ' C,tFfit pubÎTcatSr 'oec, 9th, 1M9]


Rough Treatment
The quick thinking of Patrolman Charles Kolesar of Cleveland, Ohio, probably saved the life of his mate, j„f noon, an election will be held in the Patrolman Clarence Smith, during Mme Hall on Monday, January 16tb, è raid on a marihuana den. A gas 1940, starting at 800 ».m. and con tin u-dame ignited Smith's alcohol-*at- jtlg to 6.00 p m. rated clothing after a woman ten- Qiven at Shawville this 26th day of ml had hurled a bottle of alcohol December, 1939.
Kolesar smashed him on
on

*
the jaw and knocked him out, then dragged Smith in an adjoining bed-m and smothered the flames with
a mattress.
CHARLES BELEC,
HARLASD C. ROWAT
Secretary Tre «surer Municipality of Shawville
T. T. BEATTIE,
-Sheriff
Nov. 30th, 1939
on
I
###PAGE###5###
V'


Service Announcement ¦ |
Shaw vii.i.k Umitko Church
Rk\ A r. Fokka B. A., B.U I’vto
¦
Sunday, December 31
11.00	ft m. Servico at ShawvilU 1.30 pm Service at Zion ’•
3 00 p.m’.—Service at Stark • Cornera
Sermon at morning and altemoon t-y the hist or “Three Great Jinpera-liven for - 1910”.
Êta* p.fj»
Th< \ V.U. will pres. nt the New Yen imgciint, “The Tortal* of 19i0 \ illu-at hit td by‘music and special hymns.
A very hue messagv to clove t lie old
year.	—
11.00	p m. - Watch Night Service-A gofxl way to see the old yar out and the new year in. The Ta*tor will give ft bhorc talk on “Leaving lh old-
r3 path to follow a new .	1
The Equity
established I8B3
pnàl.tshRIi KVKRY TnURiDAT AT
«MaWVII.I.E, QUEBEC „
- fie.*âs	«?? i . Lt•. -M^i
v r : i l ¦’ ¦¦s ,	' ’
ANNUAL SUBfÇUIPTION Anywhere in C»n*da . $1 50 To United State#,
V
All arrears «mal he paid In full tie fore any paper U discontinuer!
% > *rf % ' 4 ; ; t *.! , >1 j T " ^ 91r •
w.ti. COWAN. PUHLISHKH
PRINTING
i
:

i
!
i
:
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside
firms.
Let us do your :
2.00
i
1
Service at Slmwrtlk*.
i
!
î Homogenizing Milk
Homogenizing, with reference to milk.. metiis to break up the fat globules and make milk and cream more uniform in composition There a machine, called a homofafc)*' • v. which does this t x f rcing the milk and cream under l pressure of 1,000 to 3,000 pound* through various openings. After the milk end cream have gene through the ma-hi ne the fat globules arc separated from the milk serum and rise to the ?op. In modern mHk, homogenization is used in the preparation of sweet milk and cream. Cream that ias been homogenized is of a smeyth and uniform body. The fat toes not separate later and the cream appears to be of a higher >odily fat content than it really is. Homogenization is also used in the manufacture of butter, chocolate milk and ice cream
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements,
Posters Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
Mi
h

»

I

tittimt United Chum h
IUv. C. Armstrong Saï.m, I’. V.
Sunday, December 24
St. Andrews Sunday School 10.00 a m.| ggggg	11.00 a.
2 30 v m.
7.30 |>. m
c
Ht. Andrew?, Service
I
Service
Service
Austin
I
anglican
St. Pavl’m
Sunday, becember 31
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a.m.—Holy Communion
7.î$0 p. rn.—Evening Prayer
11.15 p.m —Prayer and Meditation.
Holy Trinity 2 00 \ .m. -Holy Communion
St. Lvkk’s
Service Withdrawn
the equity
PHONE. 75
We appreciate the hearty co-operation you
wish
Aged Wine
At Friends’ House in Fusion road, the headquarters of the Quakers in London, is preserved a solitary bottle of port which has a curious his* tory,' reports the Milwaukee Journal. More than 150 years ago it was sent into the old Fleet prison hy a sympathizer for the use of three Quakers who had been confined fwi non-payment of tithes. The trio, hervever. decided b:A it should lx' preserved, unopu i. until the severance uf church and state «hould abolish tithe* fmever. The
| the bottle ir, com pâli road-Quakers, • «f their s «il fur-
have shown us in the years past, and we
the merriest of Christmas Seasons, and a
that will bring the Peace and
you
New Year
* * Parish ok Kotin Clarkmx.n Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge
Sunday, December 31
Holy Communion 10.30 Evening Prayer Evening Prayer



"T

I
all so ardently hope for.
Urecrmount, Thorne Centre, Char ter In,
m#
i
Prosperty we are

8.30

7 00

•»
W!>.
•S ¦ ,
-<r
1
time has not arrived î emoins closely sen led hy with specimens nf the brimmed hats of the u the demure poke hr nr et womenfolk and othêr eff days.
> fl
»
1

1

‘The Sailor’s Friend'
Samuel Piimsoll was known as “the sailors’ friend.” Through his occupation as a coal dealer he became interested in the condition of sailors, and the dangers to which they were exposed by unscrupulous overloading of heavily insured ves- ; sels. This induced him to enter* parliament in 1868 as member from Derby. In 1873 he published “Our Seamen,” which succeeded in its purpose of arousing public attention, and in 1876 the Merchant Shipping act. embodying many of his de-TTiands* was passed,. Among its pro-, visions was the load line known as “Plimsoll s line,” which has since been marked cr. all ships.
m
« «
ri
Sredtitp


Hogr Fop Service
Purebred Yorkshire Hog for Service,
Service fee $1.00.
Donald Sharil, Caldwell, Que.
to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
Successor
To all those we have been privileged to
serve and to our many friends throughout the district we extend out heartiest wishes for a bright and joyous Christmas, and a Prosperous 1940.
ROYCE J. PRENDERGAST
Shwaville,
(short nose type).
Apply to
Purebred Yorkshire Hog for service.
" ee,1°° ^§&EGfrt?CXltKh:
— Moorehead, Que
Que,
Tests for Diamonds
The common test for diamonds is the flic, which will cut imitations but not a real diamond. A drop of water on the face of a diamond, moved about with the point of a pin, will retain its globular form ; immersed in water the diamond will shine and be distinctly visible. An aluminum pencil makes a mark on a real diamond that is easily removed by ruban imitation the mark re
Service
Registered Yorkshire In*
? e fl.oa . Apply to,
CLIVE SMART.
R. R. 5, Sh'iwvillv, Que.
Clarendon School No 1
Grade 7
In Memoriams
A
J bone 19 1
%
/
In loving mem ry of my dear wife, Mrs. Uoosld Thompson c. Rof*. who departed this lift,
Dec 24, 193d.
Fondly icmtrobcred.
HCéBAtfP
f#
. 73 p.c.
Feo
JS «SStSteTfon*
,	Weirsteod, Que.
Grade 6*
John
u
. 97 11 . 79 et
Dorotb Wats h, Eleanor Mec . Arnott Hioes .
> •
... 78 " *.. 75 11 ... 67 “ ... 57 tl
Service
Registered Yorkshire hog. fee, $1.00 ; Club members free. Apply
R J TRACY. Yartn. Que.
Elizabeth Thom peon Neil Thompson . ... Arthur Sturgeon-----
ting; or.
mains after rubbing. These are a few specific tests; others are based specific gravity, hardness refrac-tic ar.d dispersion of light.
to
Cards of Thanks
Grade 4
on
Sadie Tipptos..
*4 "
sincere
We desire to express our
1 hanks to many friends and neighbour* for their great kindness and expressions of sympathy during our recent bereavement. Special thanks to the Minister and Official Board of ShawviUe United
Church.
jw* • • • •
Grade 3
Registered Tamworth hog, bacon :ype. Service tee ft.00. A Uo for vale i number of young Tam worth pig-.both pnn-bredd, $7 00 each, or $"0O ^i.«ered. Apply ^	NU,0„5.
Chartvns, Que.
b8 “
87 “
Carol Thompson. Karl Waleb....
Fastest Growing City
Lus Angeles, Calif , is usually cor S;dered the fastest growing large city in the United States, os the fol lowing figures indicate: Population, of 1920, 576,673; census of
j	Grade 2
Alberta Alexander. . .
Grade 1
90 u
.... 93 M .... 93 *
Robin a F. Wallace, Toacher.
Philip Thompson. Kbcrt Walsh ..
Mka Andrew McKmoht and Family
census
1930. 1,233,561. This means that Les Angeles practically doubled her pep ulation in the decade from 1920 to 1930 a phenomenon which had happened in that city for the last three censuses. Los Angeles, by 1960. will have a population of 9,000,000: and will be the largest city in the world, if she continues to increase at this rate in the next three censuses.
l-urebred York.hirc registered Hog,
Service fee,
prize-winning stock
Apply to
WlLMER H. HotKiINf», R. R. No, 1, Shaw ville.
rom
fl .00.
MacLean’s
New Reg. Pure bred Yorkshire Hog
%K'on%%aoc
It 2, Shaw ville, Que Purebred Yorkshire Hrg, select type.
»,M Wksox. .
McKee, Que.
1

RED & WHITE STORE
? // / Z ' V / z / / / / / // / ' Ï
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves

• I
V
V,’»
In the Spirit of the Season
X

Happy ITew Year
• a
X
J
Roy 6. Fraser
I

\
Noftltii*

Gifts.
\
Flowers,
GUjriBtma»
(Srretmgs
To all our friends we extend Best Wishes for a right Merry Christmas and a Nappy New
x

$
RENFREW, ONT.
Phono HH
X
o our many friends we extend our Heartiest Wishes
. for a very
x
i
Box 886

m
Flower Stirling,
We io
Distinctive that’s our business-
Just an expression of appreciation for your business and courtesies o^ the past year, and a sincere wish for a Merry Christmas and a most Prosperous New Year for you and yours.

Year.
On
A Happy New Year
C. H. MacLean
vite your patronage, orders of $1.00 or orer. phone
a
us collect.
$8.00 or over phone us collect
and we shall prepay.
With the passing of 1939 let look confidently to the coming year as oee of increased prosperity for us all.
4

Ob orders of
T Z
/

Shawville Bakery
THE HORNER STORE
#
Estate Mrs. M. C. Noward
SM AWVIILS, - OUC.
Shawville, Quebec.
sad 11 P
/ / ? /'/
###PAGE###6###



1
I
r
*
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
Home Canning
Poultry Meat
NEWS
Sweets
VOICE
of the
PRESS
Uff zMODECNK

o
for
o
PARADE
O e>
It Can Easily Be Done On the Farm
&
Five General Rules
Energy
S3
& ®

Poultry meat can be canned as easily as any other product. Five general rules should be observed in connection with it.
1.	Use fresh but properly cooled meat
2.	Remove bone, gristle, and ex ceaa fat Pack In jars or cans.
8. Sterilise one hour at 16 lbs. pressure, or three hours in water hath.
4.	Seal as soon as removed from sterilizer, and
5.	Jars containing meat should not be allowed to cool while inverted because the fat will harden at the bottom rather than at the top of the jar.
Two Method»
There are two methods of canning poultry. The first is: kill birds, then thoroughly cool and draw. Wash carefully. Disjoint legs and wings. Cut breast carefully from bone. Dip pieces in boiling water, then into cold. Drain and pack in glass jars. Make a broth by cooking back, breast bone, neck and other parts in salted water one hour. Drain and peur over meat in jars. Adjust rubber rings and tops of jars or sealers. Partially seal. Sterilize.
©
O o
with
O
Reichefuehrer Adolf Hitler of Germany might well have been eefl-led -the forgotten man" during the
V»
©
6 «
Bee Hiv
G
€3
"MACON” FOR BREAKFAST
fh* British are experimenting with smoked mutton as a substitute for bacon. It will now be
lamb and Guelph Mercury.
BOMBSHELL LONG OVERDUE Maybe that Munich beer cellar bomb was net meant for Hitler but for after-dinner speakers as a class.—Brandon Sun.
<3>
fourteenth week of the war. On the
:
diplomatic front, Stalin and Mussolini stole the show from him; on the Allies appeared to be ealngtng the upper hand; o« the German front, if reports current abroad were true, Hitler was being outshone In political significance by Hermann Goer log and the Rightist faction.
Even the rumors, that flew to thick and fast during the week, had him consigned to oblivion. One very persistent story claimed that Mussolini would shortly come forward with a peace proposal, acceptable to the Allies, by which Hitler would retire In favor of the Goer-ing clique after giving up all the territory he had .recently taken (Sudetenland and Polish Corridor excepted); in return for his services as ambassador of peace, the report ran, Mussolini was to be given a special sphere of influence In the Balkans. Then — the story came to Its logical conclusion — everybody would go to war against Russia.

&
x
r

##
:?5 for breakfast.
I
• •
#>*
r

6

we
n#
yew

mi
' i
z
SR

SUSPEND CHRISTMAS?
There is believed to be no immediate danger of the Ontario Government eliminating Christmas for the duration of the war.— Port Arthur News-Chronicle.
gj
mi
Bee Hive Syrep
EMBARRASSING PUBLICITY
Surely those Toronto press photographers could think of something more original—and less embarrassing to the victims after-wards—than the eternal close-up pictures of soldiers kissing their wives and sweethearts good-bye. —St. Thomas Times-Journal.
WANTS BETTER RADIO MUSIC
There is indeed something wrong with radio. We wish it would do more to entertain rather than carry du.l speeches for the supposed enlightenment of listeners. Good music is the form of entertainment in which it has least competition. But instead of making itself supreme in the providing of high-class music, radio appears to skimp that department of its usefulness. Asa matter of fact, some of the best music heard over the radio is from records. Many people feel dissatisfied, especially those who ttifnk that in the sphere of high-class adult entertainment the radio is falling short of its opportunities.— Toronto Star.
NO PEACE ON EARTH
Of especial military or diplomatic importance during the week were these: the Russian campaign in Finland ... the sinking of *lve Nasi subs . . . British troops taking over sections of the front lines
in France *________ ___________
protests to Russia ... the League of Nations’ ultimatum to Russia . . . . withdrawal from the League of more South American nations . . . the new rapprochement between Italy and Hungary.
At home In Canada: A drop was voted in the tourist trade, attributed to an enemy whispering campaign in the U.f. ... civil marriagl in Ontario was declared out of thl question for the time being ... a Dominion election was mooted fot next May or June . . . problems Is connection with the St. LawrencS seaway project appeared a Mills nearer solution . . . buffalo meal went on sale in Canadian butchei shops . . .
But “peace on earth” . . . ah dear? no.
“These cigars aren’t bad, dec. • • . • maybe yen should vote for that
guy after all.”
COMING ARMAGEDDON?
With the crossing of Finland's frontiers by the Red Army, the form and scope of Europe’s war changed. The focus of world attention shifted from west to east, and more countries became directly Implicated • Italy, United States, • Scandinavia. The possibility of a conflict In which the whole of civilisation would be Involved seemed much nearer than before, the showdown, however, come up there in frozen Finland, or would It be staged In Rumania? Would the League action against Russia precipitate the struggle? Did the presence. reliably reported, of German officers in Finland mean a coming split in the Nail-Soviet front? What of Japan, China — would they be on the side of the Soviet Union in.the Armageddon?
The second method is as follows: Kill birds and draw at once. Wash carefully and thoroughly cool. Cut into joints. Cover with water and cook until meat can be removed from bones. Pack meat in jars. Strain broth and allow one-half teaspoon salt to each cup. Pour over meat. Adjust rubber rings and tops of jars or sealers. Partially seal. Sterilize.
Italian and American
Mennonites Are Very Industrious
Hoe Own Rows; Do Not Ask State for Help; Good Farm-
• central organisation, composed •a U la of representatives from widely separated sections of the Province. The Association's executive realizes, however, that if the ever • increasing conservations! problems facing this Province are to be adequately dealt with, the membership should include e broader representation of the angling associations of Ontario.
Problems of Conservation The Handbook has been compiled to show the value of the Federation to all angling clubs and the Province has been tentatively zoned Into eleven districts. Member . club* are being approached to cooperate in contacting the non member clubs in their zones, and to interest their executives in the activities of the Federation. These executives are men of experience and influence in conservation*! matters and are needed on the Federation Executive, thus increasing its unity of effort throughout the Province, and Its service to citizens
Thoughtful considéra-
* #
ers
Would
The Mennonltea in all of their branches trouble the state, fo hundred and more years they have refused to yield their consciences to politicians.	f
Sober and Thrifty To this they have added sobriety, industry, thrift, right living; the public treasury cannot expect Mennonlte money in the receipts from saloons or pari mutuels. They toil and save and pay no attention to changes In fashion.
For
o
NTARIO
UTUOORS
By VIC BAKER
ONTARIO ANGLERS' HANDBOOK
»
The Handbook of the Ontario Federation of Anglers has Just come to our attention aud we trust you have read It aud are familiar with its contents. The purpose of the Federation is to co-ordinate the conservational efforts of the angling clubs, thus establishing a unity of action in conserving and
the fishing conditions vinoe. Careful reading o!
Miniature Army
l
1
#
CABINET OFFICIAL
A military museum in Paris has a collection of 19,000 dolls. Each is about two and a half inches tall, and clad in period uniform. The uniforms and weapons ary perfect replicas of those used in the Napoleonic wars. The whoîe army of 19,000 was made by one man
fought under Napoleon, and spent the rest of his life making miniature soldiers.
Submarine P.O.
Answer to Previous Puzzle 10 Sick.
11	Spike, mm
12	Backless chair,
13	He dispersed sums of
HORIZONTAL
1,6 Newly appointed U. S. secretary
generally, tlon of this Important matter by all anglers is urged.
At Nassau (Bahamas) the first undersea post office has been opened in a “photosphere” that has been used for making filma and observations of twenty-five years. Visitors can en-'ta* the chamber, write their impressions of undersea life, and post them on the spot. At the opening ceremony, the. first letters to bo posted were addressed to King George VI arcl President Roosevelt.
nisTd&W Uiiy Bfj|IS>jW ioaiii.ii s 'riiiiffl	u
—— ilM Ml î r mmmmm
&
improv
of this
the Handbook reveals the im mease amount of work accomplish ed since IMS; wohk that would have beu Impossible without such
of commerce.
rime life for
IS Small stool.
15	Te profane.
17 To vex.
16	Orchid ,
tubers.
20	King of beasts.
21	Before.
22	Motors.
24 Ship’s record.
‘ 25 Form of
x	-, r village.
26	BlcdWoA'il Court.
27	Noun terW- 43 Compass
Puck Chasers
Alsatian soldier, who
M i
ifltijii a * :
an

14 Label
I
Betrothal. >/'
i6#a*—¦—......^
i e iiLMi d
FETER

Top.Cb ol the Ontario Hcckey Season
22	Controversial.
23	Useful office. 26 Rich part
of milk. *
28 To perch.
30 Female sheep.
32	Not bright.
33	To drivel.
40 Sun god.
42 Fast. '
44 Back of neck.
46	Nuisance.
47	Form of “be.”
48	Whirr:

NOTES
RADIO
SEVEN WINS IN A ROW
After winning seven straight O. H. A. games, Toronto Goouyears were defeated at Maple Leaf Gardens by St. Cttltrfirines 4-3 after I 10 minutes of overtime, Bill Mocha scoring the winning goal after five minutes of extra play. It wr.s one of the best games this season. As a result of their victory, the Saints moved into a firs: place tie with the Tire men.
19
of
Rudy Pilous' of St. Catharines, Saints turned from defensive duty to star as a wing player for the Garden City club in the Sen- . lor O. H. A. “A” League this * season. .
60	Component.
61	Rebates.
VERTICAL
1	Hirsute.
2	Capable.
3	Fish eggs.
4	Railroad.
5	Favoring both 49 On the lee. fra sides.
7	Kiln.
8	Smoking device.
9	Chinese
NEWS
AND
29 Note Jif. scale, 43 Pitcher. aoSilkwottn. 45 He Is a 31 Scepter.	. executive.
33	Most modem. 49 Barley
34	Vocal sound.
35	To dine.
36	Distinctive theory.
8? Alleged force.
39 Russian

By MADGE ARCHER
I dent Roosevelt Christmas Tree ... 8 p.m., Radio Theatre presents Charles Dickens “A " Christ .pas Carol” ,— 9 p.m., CBS, Marian Anderson guest soloist on Ford
Sunday Evening Hour. ...........
11.57 p.m., NBC blue, Marjorie Lawrence sings “Silent Night” ..
1 a m., CBS, Monks of St. Mein-rz.d Minor * Seminal y, • I z.liana, sing midnig it mass in original
Gregorian ch iiit .
Monday, December 25,	U.1Ô,
BBC Empire Christmas Broadcast
from London .... 10 a.m. all net,
works, King George broadcasts
Christmas Greetings ____ 11	a.in
CBC, Special Christmas concert by the band of His Majesty's Canadian Grenadier Guards ...	.; 12
Noon, NBC blue, War correspondents with Allied Fighting Forces send greetings to their families from France and England .......
F1 p.m., NBC red, Christmas Greetings from Alaska _________ 2	p.m
Frank Black conducts whole of Tschaikowsky’s ‘Nutcracker Suite* ... 3 p.m., NBC blue, Handel's
CHRISTMAS SPECIALS
His Majesty the King, President Roosevelt and President De Valera of Ireland will be the principal speakers over the networks during the Christmas week-end. His Majesty will broadcast his annual message to the Empire at 10 a.m., EST., on Christmas Day and his address will be carried by all networks on this continent. The President speaks at the traditional Christmas Tree lighting on Christmas Eve at 5 p.m., EST. Mr. De Valera will be heard over CBS on Christmas Day at 3.35 p.m EST.	1
Other events for the Y ule season include a broadcast of Dickens* "A Christmas Carol’* with Lionel Barrymore as Scrooge. This will he heard over CBS and probably CBC on Christmas Eve at 8 p.m., EST.
spikelct 50 To fly.
52	Sour plum.
53	To flutter.
M1CXIE SAYS
51 Brink.
53 White lie.
55	New England
56	Half an em. 56 Each.
59 Pound.
During the first month of actix-ity in the Senior O. H. A. “A” series there was not one tie game, nor was there one shut-out registered.
SES. SIR. I KNOW WE'RE IN TH' DOGHOUSE NOW. BECU1 VER AD READ
’STRAWBERRIES,Ie PER
BOX'— JUST A UTTLE MISTAKE-BUT NOW V KNOW FOLKS READ VOUR, AD'

57 He was administrator
measure,
¦Y
PERSONALITIES
Galt and Hamilton arc new clubs in the Senior O. H. A. “A" League this season, replacing Osh-awa and Brantford.
Ab Tonn, Hamilton's big defence player, played Junior hockey with Toronto St. Michael's College Majors and Oshawa Generals.
Goalie Zimmerman of the Niagara Falls Cataracts in the Senior O. H. A. "A" League starred with George Massacar'a championship Junior team last winter.
Jimmie McKelvie made a g:od start in his first Senior year as a member of the Port Colborne I Sailors. The classy centre-ice player performed for Toronto Native Sons in the Junior “A * O. H. A. series under the direction of Harold Cotton, one-time Maple Leaf , star, last season.
. Reversing the usual procedure,
é
•t
•I


m



r<
%
'*// '
C

I


Mr

«#
d
. Marjorie Lawrence, the Australian soprano, will sing the tradi-“Silent Night” over NBC
at midnight on Christmas Eve. | “Messiah” heard from the Taber-
Kirsten Flagstad succeeded the j nacle in Salt Lake City _____ 3.35,
late Ernestine Schumann-Heink CBS, Eamon de Valera............8 p.m.,
and sang the famous carol during, I CBC, Christmas with the Troops” the previous two seasons.	I ..— 9 p.m., CBS, CFRB, Radio
There will be pathos in the Theaetre presents Walt Disney’s
broadcast over NBC on Decemb- I “Pinocchio" ....................... j
er 24 at 1.15 p.m., EST. It will take the form of a transatlantic interview with children evacuated from the principal cities of Europe owing to the air threat in the present war. They will sing Christmas carols and tell the people of this continent how they are spending Christmas.


?
'
x
REGULAR FELLERS—A Wi«e Guy
By GENE BYRNES
c
m.
V/
»
ft
ME S A NICE LIL FPI-LER'WILL T. GIVE HIM A BITE

THIS IS MY LITTLE
COUJIN,
JIMMIE / HIS NAME . IS GUY/
. HAW/
MffWW
X
OF MY _
C- A- K-t?
, TO BE HEARD ......... Saturday/
Dec. 23, 1.65 p.m., NBC, CBC, Metropolitan Opera matinee “La Traviata ’	¦¦¦
Desire Defauw conducts NBC Symphony orchestra December 24, 1 p.m., NBC, CBS, Vatican City Choir from
... 1.15 to 1.30 NBC Blue
Children in War countries semi
CFRB, N. Y. Philharmonic Orchestra in Christmas Music 6 p.m., NBC, CBS, MBS, Preai-

M'E

;
V


10 p.m., NBC, CBC,




. Sunday,


4
CBC,
». Rome

AT

3 p.m., CBS,
l
>

M




-C







?




###PAGE###7###
¦¦ «
PAGE (S) ABÎMEE (S)
Finland : Newest and Northernmost Theatre of War
SCOUTING
WORTH COMING UP TOR!"
es
What Science
4 f crrr
SCENE OF
FIOKÜFKSWTIN6
In a town planning survey of Ft. William and Port Arthur, Boy Scoots were used by the town plan» nlng expert, H. L. Seymour, to make an afternoon count of vehicular traffic of the two cities, special count of pedestrlane was made by the Scouts In the business areas between 4:45 and 6:46 p.m.
#
is
For lasts — flavour — freshness — economy — Dixie Plug has everything I Cut it as you want it, coarse or flake, long or short.
Doing
/r?
Vr
*
*

A
O
i

Y,
/O
VITAMINS HEAL WOUNDS Wounds heal more rapidly it the body is well supplied with ascorbic acid, or vitamin C. Some general observations have been made by surgeons that the wounds of person* who were receiving an adequate amount of vitamin C In their diet before operations for appendicitis healed in less than the average time.
.. AND MENTAL DISORDERS
The eating of a common vitamin which can be purchased in pills at the corner drug store is being used as a treatment for extreme nervousness and a possible preventive of some forms of insanity* The vitamin, known aa B-l, is not "a cure-air1 for nervous disorders. However, it has already proven effective in the quick treatment of a number of physical and mental disorders.

r^.

j
»
i
\
•KVRO
"Those of us who are concernod with the Juvenile Court do thank God for the work that the Boy Scouts' Association has done, and Is doing," — Juvenile Court Judge W. F. Lane, addressing the annual meeting of the Moncton, hU* B. Scout Association.
x

O
t
%
t
*
•#
z

l
W
O

PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO
4

>1
<

>
An acorn gathering bee was a welcomed Thanksgiving hike objective for Brantford Boy Scouts. The acorns were collected at Ebor Park, former Provincial Training Centre for Scout leaders, and was made at the request of the Forestry Branch of the Provincial Government.
• e
•»
84 in Ontario and 22 atchewan. Saskatchewan cents per head on the tuberculosis and Quebt cents per head.
were fighting on the farm of Harry Kunkle, near Pow when their horns became inextricably tangled.
One deer was found dead from injuries and starvation and the other was dying. It was shot by Kunkle.


»,
MŸ !

*
»?
X

r9
The Book

<
e
v
Maltese Boy Scouts, like their brother Scouts elsewhere throughout the Empire, are rendering valuable wartime service. They are fitting gas masks, blueing car lights, and acting as messengers, orderlies and coast watchers Scouts are on evacuation control, and first aid duty with the St. John Ambulance Brigade, and hare registered for the blood transfusion service.
Boy Scouts In cities, towns and villages across Canada are ones again sawing, hammering, painting and re-assembling in their Christmas Toy Repair Shops, In their annual big good turn for Santa Claus. With this help In past years old St. Nick has been able to take care of many thousands of children of needy families whom he might otherwise have missed on Christmas eve.
"WITH A CLANG
WARD'
By E. A. H«
This is the kind ? starts the older foil ing back," and the saying "My father when he was a boy lighted reader will Red Schoolhouse, w benches and scratchin, community church wi sermon and old-faahioi. revivals and church soi certs of local talent, 1 dances; the cattle show, making; the old home and u. tic tasks.
Dean Howes, a familiar an*, well-loved figure in many parts of the Dominion, went from the Red Schoolhouse at Henry, Ontario te Cornell, Columbia and Clarke Uni-ersities. Ho has been teacher, school principal, and professor. Now as Dean of the College of Agriculture at the University of Alberta, 'he is recollecting the lively escapades and amusing anecdotes of yesterday as he sits I» his study after dinner by a hlaw ing hearth.
"With a Glance Backward," by E. A. Howes ... Toronto: Oxford University Press __ $1.50.
b
T. B. Treatment Community Job
•X
4
AS FAST AS LIGHT An electric gun twenty-eight feet long in which electrons will be accelerated in fourteen successive stages until they attain • velocity of 180,000 miles a second, more than nine-tenths of the speed of light, is being constructed for the U. fl. Bureau of Standards by the General Electric Company. It will be used to produce X-rays.


Older
Professor of Medicine si Me-
a
1


able of Ending Disease
:A
A#
Tuberculosis is an infectious disease, and therefore a community problem, Dr. James B. Rosa, P.R.C.P. (Eng.) associate prof sor of Medicine at McGill University, told the Kiwanis Club of Montreal recently. The treatment of a person open to tuberculosis was, he said, a community problem, and not a personal problem between him and his physician.
Net A Personal Problem
The medfeal profession possesses enough knowledge about tuberculosis and methods of handling it to eliminate the disease. He looked forward to the time when, like typhoid, tuberculosis would cease to take the heavy death toll that it now did. Since 1,900, deaths in the United States had decreased from 200 per 100,000 population to 43 per 100,000. In Quebec there were still 96 to 100 deaths per 100,000, as against
f
>'XL<NINGRAD
KRONSTADT
HN
t* i ^Vhoglano r.
^ (ôËStm *rso**r)
*<>
€

This map shows the progress the Rusaion Army made in the first
week of its campaign In Finland.
Modern
Etiquette
Chewing Gum Reduces Tension
BY ROBERTA LEE
Their Horn» Locked,
Two Deer Succumb
A rare tragedy of nature, the death of a deer after locking horns with another deer, is reported by Dr. A. L. Rooks, North Bay veterinary.
The two big bucks apparently
1.	When spending the Christmas holidays at a friend's home should the guest have a gift for each member of the family?
2.	When a man takes a girl to a small dance, is it necessary that he dance all evening with her alone?
3.	What is the correct thing to say when someone apologizes over the phone for getting the wrong number?
4.	When a girl has been going with a young man for several months, and she knows his birthday, should she give him a gift, il hi has aever given her one? *
6. When rising from the table should one push his chair up to the table ?	\
6. Should a host at a theatre party keep his guests standing aside, waiting, while he procures the tickets?
Have Yea Heard
lion, Psychologists Report
It has been suggested repeatedly that one of the chief benefits of smoking and chewing gum Is their value as outlets for increased tension. It has been said that most habitual movements of the body represent release of such Inner tension, says Dr. Morris Flshbefn.
Recently psychologists at Columbia University made a study of 20 people ovsr a period of 20 days to find out Just how much chewing served as a means of relaxation. Bach of the persons concerned was studied first while not chewing, second, while chewing ordinary chewing gum, and third, while allowing a flavored candy wafer to melt in the mouth.
Decreased Ten Per Cent.
It was necessary first of all to find some measurement of tension or strain. This was done by watching eaoh one of the persons concerned throughout a working day and recording restless movements. In many of these subjects it was found that tension as measured by decrease of restless movements was decreased about 10 per cent, during chewing.
Studies were also made to determine whether indulgence in much a habit had any relations to fatigue. Fatigue produces Increased psychologic tension. When people are tired from over work and overstrain, the use of tea and coffee seems to Increase tension. On the other hand, It was found in these studies, chewing tended to decrease tension. The amount of muscular effort involved Is hardly sufficient to Increase fatigue.
A young girl at the University -of Missouri recently wrote her mother, air mail special delivery, as follows:
Dear Mother:
Please sci d ms money for a new dress Immediately. Have had several dates with Jimmy and have worn each of my dresses once. We have a date tomorrow night and , 1 must have another dress right away. If you don’t send the money, send a new dress. Thanks.
RUTH.
Classified Advertisements
CAMS, NEW ARID l/SKD
MKUICAL
PL'MXITL'HE FOR SALE
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS. LTD.. Toronto's oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers:	three locations.
522 Mount Pleasant Road, 204 u Tongs Street, 1225 Dsn forth Are. Our used cars make us many friends.
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—WRITE for free booklet and full parties lare regarding successful hyb Pedigreed Bask.
LYONS
Her mother answered:
Dear Ruth:
Get yourself a new boy friend
our amasingly lood treatment Products Saskatoon
STOCK . TAKING SALE
RECONDITIONED
FURNITURE
Answer»
1, Yes, by all means, and ha should also give an extra tip to each of the servants in the household. 2. Not at all. He may aak any girl’s partner if he would like to exchange dances. 3. “Certainly" is sufficient. 4. No. The man should be the first to begin giving gifts. Send him a nice birthday card. 6. Yes, slightly, to keep It out of the way of other persons. He should not leave it back two feet from the table, nor should he place it bf.ck meticulously. 6. No; he should purchase the tickets in advance
THIS IS WHAT MRS. NEILSON. OF Tecumseh. Ontario, aaye: for 12 years I suffered with ewoll and broken veins. Could not wear shoes or stockings. For months I could not leave my home. using Crouchraan's Uniment I can go out and enjoy life where It left off 12 years ago. Demand It from your druggist or write J. R. Crouchman Co., Ltd., Windsor. Ontario.
CUSTOM . TANNING
There Is a tombstone in Prague which has the epitaphi “He never left Prague." The man was bora In Australia, lived in C sec ho-Slovakia and died in Germany.
A revival service was being held and one of the partners in a coal concern had joined the church. He tried to get his partner to do likewise.
“I can’t do it, John,” replied the partner, when the other’s insistence became irksome. "Who’ll do the weighin’ if I join?”
legs
WE DO CUB Deerskins, i_
Into Robes, Harness and Garment Leather. J. C Henry & Son. Mark-dale. Ont
ITQM
Reef
TANNING OF and Horsehldes
This is a splendid opportunity te buy really high-class reconditioned furniture at a fraction of the reel value. Every article thoroughly, cleaned, reconditioned and mold with » a positive money-back guarantee et satisfaction:
4 9 Cf) Chesterfield Suite, 3 pieces, upholstered in brown figured repp material, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
||||||||||j|l|ll Smart 3 piece Chesterfield Suite, upholstered in Jac^ uard velour, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
OA Sn Beautiful 3 piece brown
JU hair Chesterfield Suite. Perfect. reversible Marshall spring cushions.
2 C nn High claes S piece brow# JJeVV mohair Chesterfield Suit* cost new approximately $185. Perfect condition.
fi QC Large assortment of odd U.7J Chesterfields and chairs, Ih
After
DOGS FOR SALK
BEAUTIFUL SCOTCH - ENGLISH Collie Pups, two month’s mais $1, three month’s $3.75, four month's $5.00. Failures replaced trained cattle dogs, trained fox hounds. All dogs fully guaranteed. Wilfrid Zeron. Morrisburg, . Ontario.
free
PERSONAL
19.50
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY. Inexpensively. Home Testimonies Guaranteed. Advice frea Bartlett's. Box l, Winnipeg.
EDUCATIONAL
PHEASANTS FOR SALE
STUDENTS NOW ENROIAJNG FOR courses in Matriculation, Short Story. Journalism, Shorthand and Speech Culture. Make use of your time. Write today. Canadian Correspondence College, (established 1902), 229 Yonge Street. Toronto.	_______________
GOLDEN PHEASANTS. MALES AND Females. 1981 hatch, $2.60 each. Mature birds $4.00 each. B. C. Humphrey, Troy, Ontario.
"Are these the largest or. •ogee you have IT” asked Mrs. Brown, of the grocer. “Oh, no, ma'am," was the reply.
FARM COLUMN
RAW FURS WANTED
various covers.
Kroehler Chesterfield Bed upholstered in figured vet* our. Complete with new mattr
14.50
FERRETS FOR SALK
SHIP YOUR FURS TO US FOR full market prlcea L.
189 Talbot SU 8L Thomas. OnL
Jo
FERRETS — SURE HUNTERS ON rats and rabbits. Males $2.50, females $8.00, yearlings $3.60. Armstrong Bros.. Route 1. Paris, Ont
these are only the large else.
Dining Room Suite* table and 8 chair*.
Id Beautiful quarter-cut Oak AT. JO suite, large buffet ex testable and 8 leather upholstered ¦B, completely refinished. **•
A C on Solid Oak Dining Suit* • TJ.UV pieces, buffet, china cabinet extension table and # leather upheE sterd chairs, like uew.	'***""#
AT) T^irge walnut finish Dining uy.UV Rdom suite, com pi e (ely re-flnlehed, buffet féhina cabinet op* tension table and 8 leather upholstered chairs.
CQ nn Fleer sample English • Oak
tVth0 hnilivE
red leather. s.v
, Large solid Nwslnut Dining Room Suite (cost new $228% beautiful buffet, china cabinet extension table, and • leather upholstered chaire, completely refinteheÎL
129.00
17.50
buffet
We alee have the larger, mammoth, giant, jumbo, colossal
QUALITY THE WAtCHWORD
“So long as there is a prospect of Britain being able to keep the trade routes open, we should not become too anxious to change our agricultural objectives in Canada. We will probably do most for ourselves and Britain by continuing to produce just what we have been producing, improving immediately the quality and stepping up the quantity as the demand develops.”—Hon. J. G. Gar. diner, Dominion Minister of Agriculture, at the annual dinner of the United Grain Growers at'Winnipeg.
RANCHERS AND TRiFI'IBI
a I on i chairs
FINANCIAL
MS
ALL PRICES ON RAW FURS low. Why not ret the most your fox pelts by having them tanned and made Into attractive •carves and sell them direct? Workmanship guaranteed. Silvers $8.10. reds $8.60. Thos. Kmack. Taxidermist and Furrier, 18TI Queen St. BL, Toronto
HORTGAG&S OR AGREEMENTS of sale purchased for cash, prompt attention. North Shore Realty Co. Ltd., Oshawa. Phone IL
The Bishop of Cologne was arrested recently. He had taken as text for a sermon : "The lie limps through the land.”	1
"Your sermon was against Dr. Goebbels," he was told. "You know he limped.”
"Yes,” leplied the bishop; "but 1 didn't know he lied.”
A newspaper account of the incident concluues: "The bishop is • free man."
How Can I?
HARD* APPLE TREES
BY ANNE ASH» EV
HARDY APPLE TREES - 60 CTS. each Canada’s Lowest Priced Nursery, growing leading varieties Fruit Tree* Ornamental* Write immediately requesting sensational offering* Tobe’s Treery, Nta-gara-on-the-Lak* Ontario.
SCHOOL BOOKS
Q. How can I relieve tired eyes?
A Try bathing them In a hot Epsom salt solution before retiring. Dissolve half • teaspoon ot Epsom salts in a cup of hot water and apply pads dipped in this solution, Just as hot as can be borne.
Repeat several times and the •trained feeling will disappear.
Q. How can I remove an iodine
stain from wood?
A. Wet some corn starch in milk and cover the stain. Allow to stand for about a minute; then rub with a cloth until the Stain Is gone.
Q. How can 1 add attractiveness to tho appearance of pliln custard ?
A. Serve the custard In tall glas-garnishing with
cream and pieces of currant Jelly.
Q. How oad 1 make now tinware
rustproof?	-	•- i
A. The tinware will never rust, no matter how much it Is placed In water, If while 111# new the su* face is rubbed with lard, then thoroughly heated In the oven before
using.
Q. How can 1 treat wrinkles IB ! of the seed fiom Northern Eur-the forehead? . ,	I ope; over 36 pel cent from Great
A. Try binding the forehead with | Britain, and over 55 per cent from
Southern Europe,	¦¦
condition, Canadian red clover »eed Is t. in Lot-killed lens than i#
HOME STUDY COURSES—BOUGHT sold, rented. Educational books, etc., Canada’s largest dealer. Lowest prices, send for list Economy Distributing. Leamington. Ont
89.00
HOGS FOR SALE
SKATING OUTFITS
100 YORKSHIRE PIGS. SELECT Bacon type, rapid growers, 10 » 6 week’s old $40; six week’s $42.60, 10 pigs seven week's $46.00. Choice sow or boar pigs $6 each. Sows bred all I shipped anywhere Canada delivery, satisfaction garanteed. Wilfrid Zeron, Morrlsburg. Ont
SLIGHTLY 66. New
SKATING OUTFITS, used, $1.76, $2 25 $2
ES££l ’ÂttritMLSL w
Toronto. ______________
a
.‘as
Employer: "Say, boy, these aren’t references."
Office Bey (trying for job): "But 1 thought they would be better. They're copies ef my four grandparents' death certificates."
pieces, cost new $850), buffet, cabinet extension table, servi blnet and 8 chairs with seats sad backs upholstered In blue f. QC Several odd buffets, chins cabinet» and » extension
chi
ng ca-
•fi
ve
hair.
RED CLOVER SEED
In order to identify red clover • seed sold in Canada, seed from South America, Italy, Africa, and Turkestan must have 10 per cent stained red; from the United States, one per cent blue ; from Great Britain, one per cent black, and all other imported seed, one j per cent green. Canadian-grown I seeds is not • identified acre
TRAINED DETECTIVES
tabl
INCREASE tOUK EARNINGS
BARN DOLLARS READING YOUR
newspapers 1 Dims and stamp bring* Information and surprises! K Rem e, 527 King SL XV.. Ham
AMBITIOUS MEN IT AND OVER wanted Immediately for service and detective work, piste training course by :	.
pondence. Free information. Write to C M. Julien, Box 25. Station T, Montreal,	'
4 0 Cn Complete Bed Room Suite lO.JU ln walnut finish, dresser, chiffonier, full else bed, eagles# spring and new mattress.
Modern Bed Boom Suite I with Venetian mirror In two-tone walnut finish, complete!* reflniehed.
39.00
Towards Better
Stocking Service
11 ten. Ontario.
FURNITURE FOR SALE
Beautiful modern Bed Suite. In bleached wal | finish, dresser with Venetian mirror and chiffonier, full else bed, spring and new mat
CQnn Floor
Suite, in waterfall design, round mirror, chiffonier.
spring and
49.00
CHESTERFIELDS St WEEKLY
. Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
whipped
ses
Women spend a fair-sised per centage of their clothes allowance on silk stockings. To be sure that you spend no more jhan is absolutely necessary it’s important to select the right site and weight. For usual street wear a tfrree-thread for heavier wear and two-
ISA
and may be
l
,re£d
3-PIKCE CHESTERFIELD SUITES In velours «nd repp covers, factory reconditioned, originally expensive suites, better than a cheap, new one. t pieces complete. $24.60/ Three piece chesterfield suites, newly recovered la choice fabrics. Just like the price. Three piece com ¦ 1929.0$ $5.00 down. $1.00 per week. We pay freight to your station. Dept W„ Royal Chesterfield Manufacturers, 68 Richmond St E.. Toronto
The
rfsulti| ;tg?ia at the Experimental Farm. Ottawa, during the past 15 ythm# show that over 20 per cent ot red clover seed , from the Northern United States I is winter-killed; over 21 per cent
d
SI'EtTA LIAIS TORS. POW
U AN KUULIAjV M
wÊummrVmm
full else hpd, eagl
ttrees, perfect
I-arge assortment of stove* kltrh cabinets, breakfast suite* tables, ¦«wing machines, dressers, bed* etc.
prices. Special tentlon to mall orders All goods
Wl

St


at-
plete
carefully crated for safe on receipt of money-order.
USED TIMES FOR SALE
leg sise and length correct for your build. It’s economical, too, to buy no less than two pair o<
GOOD USE G TIRES. ALL 81BES. Lowest price* Inquiries Invited Brockton Tire. 1611 Dundee West Toronto
OFFER TO INVENTORS
an offer to every inve.ntuj
1 Jet of Inventions mid full Info# mstlon sent free The Itamssy U Registered. Patent Attorney* " Bank Street Ot ta w a. Canada.
LYONS
a linen bandage j soaked In equal parts of alcohol and Ue while of an c*gg. allowing the bandage to remain over sight
the
color and weight at a
TRADE - IN DREAR
wearing in a mild suds, rinsing drying carefully.
ISSUE NO. 51—’39
478 Yonge St., Toronto
per cen
sr
###PAGE###8###
PAGE (S) ABÎMEE (S)
Look Here
Fur Pelts Wanted IGOWL1NG
BUSINESS % COLLEGE
Wm Quinn Dies in North Bay, Ont.
With the pneelnt ol Wm. Quinn Friday in a North Bay Hobpital, the Quinn family have been bereaved "twice in the laat three weeks. A brother, Patrick Quinn, of Vinton, died December 5th. Wm. Quinn, who formerly resided In Campbell • Hay, and find lived for the past seven years lu North Bay, was a son ot the late Pair ck Quinn and his wife, the late Nobel
_ j. He was in his 78th His wife, Mary Ann Smith,
I wish to announce to the public that I am in (ne market for all kind* of Hoasonahle Kur Hells and
assure highest market prices.
NORRIS It. HORNER, Licensed Fur Dealer,
Shnwville, Qua
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost otc.
FOR SALK—One ililvlne liorw. fou years-old. Apply to Pam v Ha Maryland. Que.' * Phone N-11
FOR SALK or EXCHANGE 6i> Mare rising two years old, will sell fvt reasonable cash price or «change fvi
to RUMailJ. Klliott,
on
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school ha# removed to larger and finer premise#. The finest mid most modern in Ontario school with
reputation.["Open all year


a A


LLAKTTM
h

r.
Phone 43
iS-
a
Attend a an established
work horse. Apply Charter K Que. rlicnc 3(1 31
oDonnell
Old Oaks Preserved
By Louisiana Society
Great oaks from membership fees grow when the fee is 25 acorns a year, as it is in the unique l ive Oak society which flourishes in Louisiana.
Under the constitution of the society, organized by Dr. Edwin L
Stephens, president of the South-| _	B. A., LL.L.
S5£f {Ztsara »:
eludes only live oaks 100 or more 129 Main St. » years old and the owner or other interested person must pay anrtual dues of 25 acorns from each tree The dues" are planted in the live oak nursery of the institute farm to aid in the propagation of these distinctive giants of the southern state.
Many of the beautiful oaks, with long beards of Spanish moss, which trail between New Orleans and Lafayette, are charter members of the society, as most of them are more than a century old. The original “president" of the society was the Locke Breaux oak at Hahnville, with a circumference of 35 feet and a spread of 166 feet.
The Seven Sisters oak at Lewis-burg, however, also lays claim to the distinction of being the largest tree and, therefore, entitled to the office of the presidency. This tree is considered the most imposing live oak spectacle in Louisiana, with a circumference of 36 feet and a huge spread, but it is evidently a cluster of six or seven trees close together rather than one tree.
Scores of other trees are members in the society and each year new ones are being added as they attain the proper age. Last year the beautiful avenue of live oaks known as “Oak Alley," situated on the Mississippi river in St. James parish, was taken into the society.
This distinction again is challenged by the Versailles oaks located at Chalmette, where the battle of New Orleans was fought in the War of 1812. The 79 trees in this grove were planted by Pierre Denis de la Ronde, former owner cf the Versailles plantation.
yeai
predeceased him l>y nine years* Lett to modrn are four sons, William Henry, Daniel, Patrick, all of North Hay: Michael, of fini-mins ; two daughters, Mrs. Hugh (•avin. and Miss Eileen Quinn, Keg S , of North Hay ; three brothers, Alex J . Campbell's Hay; Hugh, Ottawa ; Harry, St. Louis, Mo.; one sifter, Mrs. Jas. Quiinb
Cimpbell's Hay , »	*>!¦!¦¦¦¦
The funeral was held oh Satnr day morning to Ste* Elizabeth de Frank town Church, Vinton. Interment was made in the (Homan Catholic cemetery.fl	L
Npm fpar
LOST—One Shock Absorber (auoplanr
The Equity
w. i. comme,
President
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Principe I •
type). Finder piece# leave ipt (mice tr Phone 71.	! (
HAY FOR SALE-Quantity of well saved hay for sale. Apply to Dona i f» Frabkr. 3M Waveiley St., OjKewn.
To you. whose friendship means much, wish it were posssible for us, to call and wish you and your loved ones: "Eve:y Happiness— not only on Christmas—but always.
JAMBS A. MILLAR

we
FOR SALF,—Dwelling house situated at Stark'* Cornera, include* Lot 1 JO feet by 200 feet, six room house. B,C. fir finish, woodshed, sommei kitchen and tiled well. For further particular* apply to C.;B. Fvi.kord, Co wane ville, Que.
Hull,Que.
ÀI Pontiac House, Shaw ville, every Wednesday afternoon.
A t Moyle's Hotel, Campbell'i Bay, every Wednesday morning.
*
a
ROOMERS-Several large comfortable rooms, fiirtdsmWL Howard. Shaw ville
Apply to (». A Pnopfe 3V
California Man Claim*
Norris E. Horner
othier and Haberdasher
'Bubble* Championship
With a seven-foot soap bubble to his credit, Robert F. Warham of Oakland, Calif., who has specialized in soap bubbles for more than 20 years, believes he now holds the world championship for the biggest bubble.
Only one other man Ln the world, he declared, might possibly have blown a bigger bubble and that was an Australian who became rich at one time in his life by putting on soap bubble entertainments at a Vienna music hall.
The seven-foot bubble, lately blown by Warham, was big enough to have enabled Sally Rand to stage her own bubble dance inside, if it had had the necessary resisting qualities.
Bubble blowing is War ham's hobby and he has developed it to a point where he has perfected a machine, the only one of its kind which has 12 mechanically operated puppets, each dipping its pipe periodically into the suds and blowing bubbles.
FOR SALK OR EXCHANGE FOR CATTLE—One McLaughlin Gutter, new-v overhauled and painted, a 1*0 on* Chestnut Mnre. rising 2-yeaii old. Apply to EARL DOM, K. 1 Maryland. Thon
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
23 ft
.
43
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate ol MeGil Cnlcertity
8HAWVILLE, QUE. <
Orrn In the G. F.Hodglne Build Main Street, Que.
FOR SALE-Cutter and one
One Driving Sleigh : 01 * I IP Set °* Single llamas Apply to Crab, Rvsbill. Bristol, Qn 1'nonc 4 2.
l'OR RENT •— Comfortable dwelling hou»e, situated in cast entf Shaw ville, modern conveniences and garden. Apply to Mrs. Clifton Cowkkjan, Shawvifle or M««, Titos. Kkllv, Rrcckvnrldg.-Que.
The
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME

Advocate, Barrister.
Solicitor, etc,
Omet: : Campbell'* Bay, Que (In Lawn Bloek)
j
FOB SAI.E-One Utltlln*1 Blood Col rising two >enr old sired hy Drew nit-Ajiply to Eli um IIKB, R R. No. :i. Shaw
I
Greetings
FOR SALK—One good driving 'hor*** rising 3 years. Apply to L. R. ;Kkun McKee, Quebec.
T
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A, LL. B., C L.
Advocate, Barrister etc.
Mai* Sir pki
O EACH and every one of our good friends and customers we send our Best Wishes for a Very Merry Christmas and a Prosperous and Happy New Year.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE ~ On. Idcod gelding, five wavs old. will ex change foi heavy colt, or sell c n reason aide terms. Apply to HfcNStY licCOBo Charterls. Que. Phone, 30- 2<t. '
Hull. Qdk
Phone. Shcr. 1354
Vt Pomift House, Shawviilv. Que
e ?ry Friday evening
| “The resulting symphony of bubbles,” he said, “is fascinating to the eye as they dance and reflect with- | out coherence the images about them.”
Warham first became interested in bubbles when he started blowing smalf ones for his amusement as well as for his neighbors’ children. His interest grew, especially along the lines of blowing bigger and more bubbles at a time until he developed his bubble-blow ing machine.
According to varying conditions, he can blow a myriad of small bub-ides or those of the seven-foot type.*
I “Air conditions for making the big j ones have to be right,” he said. “If the air is dry, dusV panicles 1 are quick to penetrate the microscopically thin walls and the bubble will burst.”
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
FOR SALK—Dwelling houte nud outbuildings with 3acre* cf land, on highway to Norway Bay. close t<f m hool and churche*. Apply to Mns. Edna Yovn<., Maryland. Que. Phone H—3 Shaw ville
DONAT.Le GUERRIER
¦ .A.. LL.
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
WIND CH A RC. ER - H urnes the win,I • (tQd turn it Into electricity* hy having a new wind vhwgvr made and Installed at a very small cost, and terms if desired. All work fully guaranteed.' Apply to HOWARD BROWN. R. 2, SliawvlUe. Phone
1
r


Branch at Quyou ; w ill cal! any Monday on request.
Matter* dealt with by correspondence
U. S. Is Older as Nation
Than Germany or Italy
As united, centralized nations, Germany snd Italy .ire beih younger than the United States.
“It was not until 85 years after the American Declaration of Independence that the modem kingdom of Italy was formed by the union of various small Italian states,” says the National Geographic society.
“Victor Emmanuel II, formerly king of Sardinia, was declared its first sovereign. Still later by another decade was the modern German empire cemented together un-on the stage with his bubble blow- |der Prussian leadership in 1871.
First emperor was William I of Prussia.
“On the other hand, in terms of and political
Still Remains Mystery |and Germans both look back on a
past many centuries old when the
Pilgrims landed in New England. Rome once ruled an empire from England to the Persian gulf, including the Mediterranean and the countries that rimmed it. The Teutons had their ‘innings’ in the Holy Roman empire of the Middle ages, when their domain stretched from the Baltic and North seas to the Mediterranean, the Italian bout
V-


m

Men and Women Wanted
l
I
No bigger line of household oetenuLn-. •nywhere. Prices get business. I Qualité «.«-sore* repeat*. High Commission anil plenty of ad rentage* Season Its height. If you are Interested In a per manent work, steady pay an I a good future, investigate onr Plan at once without obligation. KAMIL*.X, 370 St. Montreal.

R. MILLER WALLACE,
AVOCAT .. BARRISTER 119 MAIN STRUT
iM
PHONE, f-ttti
HULL, QUEBEC
Happy New Year
U Proudfo
Hotel, Campbell & Bay every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p in At Pontiac House, Sbawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to *.00 p.m.
On dry days, in an attempt to prevent this' Warham puts of steaming water under the growing bubble.
Warham hopes eventually to get
pan
o
Wilson’s Garage
The Same Reliable Service
We hope that Christmas 1939 will be a memorable one for the joys it brings you—one of those old Christmases when all men seem by one consent to enter into the spirit of good will and rejoicing. May 19 tO bring you good health and success.
ing puppets
D. J. CAMPBELL
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Firefly’s ‘Mechanism’

Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLK
Once it was thought that phosphorus was the cause of the luminosity of the firefly and its larva, the glow-worm, and the phenomenon was called phosphorescence.
But the substance of the luminous zones of these curious beetles has many times been exhaustively analyzed for phosphorus without an indication of its being found, and the real nature of the firefly’s glow remains a secret.
The key to the solution seems to lie in the fact that certain fats, oils .	.
and other substances exhibit lumi-	ol* Pr,nl	di
rrs&s sas LsyAs.
5M5. Si"» «tas
bustion. In the laboratory experi- lfe of *** owner, Sa™u^*Ba J* ’ ments the contact also produces a *rst printer in north Mexic' measurable amount of heat, while tinerant printer, Bangs cont a in the firefly and in luminous fishes n 1817 to print manifestos and hand-
and plants it does not appear to do ^1,ls for lhc smaB 8rouP °
1 -. ns who were trying to continue the
evolution against Spain. When the
inemy forces captured him, his life
spared because he was the only
nan who could operate the press
!e willingly went to work printing
propaganda for the royal army,
md later was several times traded
iff with his press to other Mexican
governors and groups of soldiers
Phone SI
Ford Service
GRAHAM SPENCE
BARBER
Shell Sealed Cm* A Oils
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
J. P. Wilson
Shawville, Quebec
J
Graduate of McGil University P*st Graduate Work in Detroit and - Now York Hospitals SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC | j
Phone 19
At CainpbeU'e Bay from Friday night to Monday nigh uf each week.
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40	+ K
o
d half-way down
Christmas Report of Davidson School,
Grade 7
Over 90 per cent—Velma Rurman ; Over SO per cent—Isabel Sharpe, Zvlla Pitt.
Miohael James Bowie Dies in Noranda
Horses For Sale
•. Three Colts, coming three years
Three Colts, coming two-years
Three Foals, coming one-year-old
Three good drivers and good work horses.
Payments accepted on good securities on 6 to 12 months time. .
Apply to
G. A. HOWARD & SONS
Frost A Wood, Cockabutt Imp Ford Cars and Trucks,
~ Shawville, Que.
The funeral of Michael James Bowie, who died at Youville Hospital, Noranda, after a lengthy illness, was held Friday morning at 9.30 from the home of his sister, Mrs. P. T. Kennedy,. CatrmbeU's Bay, to the Church of the Immaculate Conception, Bryson, where solemn requiem high mass was chanted by Rev. J. L Enright, with Rev. E. T. McNally. Campbell’s Bay in the sanctuary. Interment was in Bryson cemetery.
Mr. Bowie, who was born at Calumet Island 67 years ago, was the eldest son of the late Mr and Mrs. M. 8. Bowie and received his early education in the schools of Calumet Island and Bryson, later attending St. There#* Seminary and Ontario Business College. He had spent the past 30 years of his life in Northern Quebec and Ontario, where he was^mployed as a timber cruiser and government scaler.
The late Mr. Bowie took an active part in politics as a Liberal and was well and favorably known in the north country where his death has caused wide spread regret among his many friends.
Surviving are two brothers, C. J. Bowie, of Calumet Island, and F. W. Bowie, registrar, of Campbell’s Bay ; two sisters, Mrs. P. T Ken nedy and Miss Claire Bowie, both of Campbell’s Bay.
The pall bearefs were John Craig. James Lawn, H. Chenier, J. Derouin, Louis Keneiey and Chas. Shea.
Grade 6
JO*** 70 per cent— Lillian Rurman, ^/^earl Sharpe. V
Qradh *
Over 80 per cent A Vy Over 70 per cent— Irvfcn W Watson.
H. K. NEILSON, M.D
An
Eye, Ear, Nose and Threat Specislis
MEDICAL âATS BUILDING
da Haroult. ataon, Verna


so
Grade 4
Oftr TO per oeot— Florence Pitt.
Grade 3
Over 90 per cent— Howard Rurman ; Laura Watson. Over 70 per cent— Fiorina Haroult

The light-producing organs of the firefly are unquestionably arranged to bring about this union of oxygen and a fatty secretion. The seat of the light is intensely luminous areas in the abdomen or thorax or both. Each is a specialized portion of the fat body, a plate situated
directly beneath the skin, and sup-	.
plied with nerves and fine tubes The press lie used eventually came
o Monterrey and is now carefully
^reserved.
OTTAWA, ~ ONT
'HONE, Î -7M1
-M'i
vas
Dp. r. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST 609 Drummond Medical Building
HH H
MONTREAL, QUE.
Grade 2, Sr.
Over 90 per cent— Fiola Bêlaire, BUusehe Richard Rita Richard, Gerald Perry.
Grade 2, Jr.
Oter 90 per cent—R va Richard Yevettc Richard.
Over 80 per cent—
Tenders Wanted
Tenders will be received for a quantity of good body hardwood. 22 inches long, suitable for furnace. Tenders to be it the hands of the President or Secretary not later than Dee. 23rd, 1839.
H. E. ELLIOTT,
Sec.-Tress.
D
connecting with the trachea or windpipe.
The cells of these fatty places secrete, under the control of the nervous system, a substance which is burned during the appearance of light. This combustion takes place by means of the oxygen conveyed to the cells by the fine tracheal branches.
The lighting system seems to serve two purposes; One, to attract the opposite sex, and the other as a curious means of defense against bats or other nocturnal insectivorous creatures which prefer less dazzling and alarming fare. This defensive use of light has its counterpart in some of the luminous fish, which light up only under the stimulus of alarm and excitement to frighten off their enemies.
FLATEAU S3! •
Grade 1
Gordon T.ÎPaul
INSURANCE
m
Over 90 per sent— Kervyn Rurman ; Douglas Pitt, Edith Spinks, Romeal
Over 80 per cent—Lauret Over 70 per cent—Betty Over 60 per cent—Maurice
Dl|. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS Surgeon Dentist
Sell 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Haroult
Belaire.
Spinks.
Manion
::
PEPRBSBNT1MG COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations

M. E. Laird, Teacher
Pelts-and Hides Wanted
I wish to announce that I am in the market for all kinds of raw pelt»—cow hides, and calf skins, prices paid. This
Ê
Enroll Now
¦ELAIB 3 f 87
Persons desiring to enroll in the Red Cross Nursing Class will be received up to December 28th, W. Apply to
Mrs. Reuben Smith, R. N.,
or
Mrs Barl McDowell, R.N.
GEORGES CARON
Highest
week we
e. A.. ». C. L.
Advocate, Barrister
NORBI8 a HOBNEa
Pboee 43. ShtwviUe, Qoe.
SHAWVILLE
QUE
>

Si


m
-


¦MmM

