###PAGE###1###



________:
f	: T'
-
No. 6, 6 1st Yeak
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY,
JULY 20. li, 1043
Mr. Alex Elliott Honoured on Eighty-third Birthday
BIRTHS
MARRIED
Gowling
I
\
Sreaïi' I	BïIÆBBH—COFRWAN
day, July 21st, 1948, to Mr and .A pretty wedding was so’em.
Mrs. Charles Russell, of Bristol, nized in St.	Paul s Anglican [	_
a daughter.	Church, Shaw ville, on XV ednesday j v/QLLEGE
afternoon, July 21st, when Mary
lE^^ilgSE
of Slmwville.
The bride, who was given in |
PERSONAL MENTION :	'TIÛ1
0	wedding march	played by Miss
Mr. and Mrs. XVm. Klock, of Muriel Strutt, of Shawville. Her Ottawa, are spending a vacation I ?own* which was of rose pink with friends iu this district,	| jersey, was cut street length
with three-quarter length sleeves, fitted bodice and gatheied skirt, and she wore a rose flowered hat with shoulder length veil, white
Business
On the occasion of his 83rd birthday, Mr. Alex Elliott was honoured at the home of his son, Mr. XVm. Elliott
guests extended their best wishes, including 20 grandchildren and 4 great grandchildren.
Refreshments were served on the lawn.

More than 50
XI
283 Bank Street OTTAWA, CANADA
m

55V
Never .were Stenographers in such demand hh now. We are conducting * a short intensive HH once
son
ç<
71'*
MS
course. B*gin at and help your country.
Miss Velma McPbee Honoured
n u
i
Open all Summer
Mrs.^Vm. Graham, of Elmwide, was hostess at ft shower on Friday afternoon in honour of Miss Velma McPIiee, bride elect. About « twenty-five ladies were present, and the bride to*be was presented Mth a reversible wool blanket which-ehe fittingly replied Tea was served in a room prêt tily decorated with pink and white streamers and white bells. Mrs. John Dods ponred tea while Mrs. Frank Wright, Mrs Freda Murray and the Mistee U redie. Jean Stewart and He mice Wilkins helped to serve.
W. E. COWLING President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE
Prinicipal
I
tva
BRILLIANT COLOR BEAUTY
"Ll.ASILY appMcd.
brilliant high gloss. 26

E
Mr. and Mrs. Claude Horner and children, of North Hav. are spending a vacation at Wand Bay.
Mrs. J. W. Greenleese, of Co- accessories and a cot sage of Tali» I ADVOCATE, BARRISTER of Mref Joi Himt,'thw vveeV *10me "StoSÏb, her .bur, 128 "»"* St-,Hull, Que.
,„d Mrs. j„,k Ralph, of ^S^dSSftai. ,t°p%:'	"*>
Montt eal, are spending part of powder blue dress of crepe, with their honeymoon at W#nd Bay. blue hat and veil, with white ao
Miss Marion Smyth, of OtUwn. ™»orie«find corsage bouquet of is spending a vacation at the home u^?nna Hill roses. Both carried
ofhr, motnor, m„ f u.Sm„„.	0. ROWAT
Mrs. Crawford Carson and Mm. of Shawville.
Percy Uagg attended the Ralph- Following the ceremony buffet Myers, wedding in Montreal last lunch was served to about 75 week.	friends of the two families on the
lawn of the bride's home and later a reception was given in their honor at Wilson’s hall,
Shawville, with about 200 guests The young couple left that evening for a wedding trip by motor to the Thousand Islands and on their return they are to live on the glooms farm on the seventh concession of Clarendon.
JAMES A. MILLAR
Dries hard with a » gorgeous
colors. Resists wear, heat, spilt coffee, aicohol, etc. For canoes, garden furniture, autos, as well as indoor surfaces. You can't get a finer enamel.
to
VI
B IA. lL. 1 . L.
etc.
Mary Mc-
• very Wednesday
At PontiecHouse,Shawville
Wednesday at Noon
tos
Clarendon Women's Institute
a
The July meeting of the Clarendon Women's Institute was held at the home of Minerva Corrigan, on Friday afternoon. July 16th, with 12 members and 11 visitors present. Mrs. Harry Hodgins, president, took charge of the meeting.
After the opening exercises, the minutes of the previous meeting were read,
Mrs. Hazelwood Elliott read an interesting paper on ^Health '.
The roll call was responded to by giving “Remedies for colds and
poisons",
A True or False contest was conducted in which Mrs. Harold Hodgins was Hie winner.
At the close of the meeting refreshments were served by the hostesses, Mrs. Vincent Hodgins and Miss Corrigan, assisted by tin; Misses Doreen Hodginq and Amy Corrigan.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE,QUE.
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
4 Estate C. J. Caldwell f
Mr. Karl Garretty, of Ottawa* is spending a vacation at the home of his mother, Mrs. Peat I Garretty
Miss Marilyn Carson, of Montreal. is spending a vacation with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Crawford Carson
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate Barrister l Solicitor, etc.
Office : (’ampbell’s Ba>, (jucbec
(In! Lawn Block)
Mr. and Mrs. Stewart McVey, of Ottawa, were week-end guests of Mr. and Mrs John L Stephens, at Otter Lake,
Mrs Wm. J. Hamilton, of McCord, Sa*k., is visiting her lela-tives in this district for the Summer months
Mrs, Win. McKinley, of. Montreal, is visiting at the home of her parent», Mr and Mrs. R A. Hodgins this week.
Flight Lieutenant George and Mrs, Wan less, uj' Souris, Man , visited their relatives in town for a few days this week.
DONAT Le GUERRIER Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Mrt. Peter Dumas Dies After Brief Illness
INSECTICIDE
Following a short period of failing health Katherine Ann Fitz siminons, widow of Peter Dunns, died at her ho m3 wi Maryland section, Bristol, on Tuesday, July 20th, in her 71st year.
She leaves to mourn her loss, two sons, Peter and Joseph, at home ; three daughters, Mrs. Paul Marchand. Ottawa ; Mrs. M J. Sullivan, Renfrew, and Miss Margaret, at home ; two sisters, Mrs. John Herrick* Pakenham. Ont. and Mrs. Thomas Creighton, Ttyiper Lake, N. Y , and one brother, Robert Fitzsimmons, of Wyman, and three grandchildren, Agatha, Ann and Mary Sullivan, ot Renfrew. •	"
The lengthy cortege proceeded from the family residence to St. Edward the Confessor's Roman Catholic Church, thence to the pati-h cemetery.	*
Tile largè Attendance at the set-vice was testimony of the high degree of respect and affection in which Mrs. Dumas was held by all. Requiem high mass was sung by Rev Father J, L Enright, P. P.
Many spiritual and floral offerings were received by the bereav ed family.
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with 1 y o i in \ ( t ebre
Eddie St. Piere H»» Leg A mputated
Shell Live Stock Spray
R. MILLER WALLACE
ADVOCAT .. BARRISTER
HULL, QUEBEC Consultations by Appointment
Eddie St Piere, 21, is a patient at the Community Hospital, as
ïïïjftïNfr gars
jng the past week-end -

Miss Mabel Chisnell. of Ottawa,
*
road, on Fi iday. -The young mtu WRS operating a
mower when the rein ôh one of Misa Olive Hodgins. R. N.. of
the hcM'Fes got caught cm the end Detroit, Mich., is spending a vaea* of the tongue. Jumping off to mi- ^|on the home of her sister, Mrs. fasten therein the horses started ft, Caldwell, in town,
, Mr ...a Mr.». Mh., ..d
was dragged about an acre before daughtei , Isobel, ot Ottawa, weie
sir Æ'i rJSte srïAnvs-Stir -
the farm on shares, ana other jjr and Mrs Royce Prendergast, workers near bv, rushed to the the former's father, Mr. F. boy and found that he wa@ ter Prendet gast* spent the week-end ribly cut about the Arms and with relatives In this district.
ii? sâi immm
found it necessary to amputate
the ;<?g.	t ,
On Tuesday the boy was reported to bo doing very well, except for weakness from the loss ot
blood.
Keep animals free irritating Pests
Use Shell Livestock Spray
A fast, sure Insect Killer
Long-lasting Repellency Economical, because more eftective
Gallons Five Gallons
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
i
I
Non-Irritating
DR. H. K. NEILSON
$1.65
$7.50
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat SPECIALIST

180 METCALFE STREET „
OTTAWA. - ONT.
PHONE, * 2-7961
ReV, G. A. ami Mrs. McIntosh, and daughter, Ruth, of Montreal, spent the week-end with Mrs. Bert Hodgins and other friends
Y a mi.
GLASS SEALERS
Mrs. Fred W. Schwartz Dies at Gloversville N. Y.
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
at
While Mr*. F red w. Schwartz 45 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone
of Ladysmith, was makinfc « three
JSSft.SUA0 Æ, ÜÎTb^I OTTAWA. ONTARIO
ot Gloversville. N. Y, she
Miss Gladys Stephens has returned to Ottawa after spending
parents, Mr. Stephens, at
There.will be a severe shortage of canned
why not use glass At present there
Subsidy For Farmers Who Can Buy Crain Now
two weeks with her and Mrs. John L. Otter Lake.
vegetables this season-sealers and can your own.
to be a reasonable supply.
1
was
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
SHIP
Miss Marguerite Barnett, R. N., j||e ;rtte Mr», and her mother, Mrs. H. 9 Barnett |>orn „eHr Greer mount, where «he of New York City, are spending a |ivt.(1 nearly all her life, her maid-vacation at the Bat nett Cottage at en ,mme being Charlotte Emily Norway Bay, with Mrs N. A. Hodgins, daughter of the late Mr Drummond, of Shawville.	and Mrs. John Hodgins She was
ISltlPIISSI
tiHtor, under whom the plnn	- (Amy) of Syracuse. N. V , an 1 Mis
ESüHri S^teru lh0t- BeUBger tZ CamPbel1’* Bay ïE‘ I
mm mm# sp^ " ~
As an incentive to farmers in Eastern Canada to buy Western feed grains as soon as possible and store them on their own farms so that next winter's live stock feed ;ng requirements will be met, the Dominion Government will pay m per bushel Subsidy ba-ed upon a sliding scale, the Agriculture Department stated on July Kith.
Farmers in Eastern provinces who bay Western feed grains under this plan, to be known as Plan ». will receive a 3 cent per bushel subsidy for grain bought in July; 24 cents per bushel for August; 2 cents for September; 1£ cents for October; 1 cent for November and £ cent tor Deceni-
seems
Two sizes only per dozen
Reg Optometrist
$1.25
$1.75
Quarts,
Half gallons, “
Gordon T. Paul 1NSURANCE
Schwartz wa>
tt

I
i

representing companies
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
!
This Store will be closed
Every Wednesday
. during
July and August
QUE
SHAWVILLE
Talking Pictures FRANCHOT TONE
i
>
i
>
in
y
>
;
Trail of The Vigilantes
>
I
at
THE W. A. HUDGINS STORE
Quebec
Shawville
TV
###PAGE###2###
3.
the wire le In the neighborhood of 186 miles.
The blanket of wire is usually applied outside the tube or lining and the first layer of shrunk-on metal hoops. These hoops are of auch size as to be barely large enough to fit snugly when red On cooling and shrinking they exert a strong pressure the tube. A casing is shrunk on over the wire after the winding *# completed.
TARGET: MUNDA
appear.
Q. How can 1 keep fruit Jare
airtight?
A. They can , he made absolutely airtight by dipping the tops into paraffin.
Q. How can I prevent the patty shell crust* from soften-


«r '**> • -
V/*U HARK)* 40 LAND MILES
E
*

»




F '

r
c

hot
>
h.g?
on
A. Prepare the patty shells ahead of time and when needed

ty

*
warm them in the oven shells should not be filed until just before they are ready to be served, or the crust* will soften.
The
a


*
V
It has been estimated that the wire wrappings provide more than double the strength of the
•teefcin the hoops of an ordinary built-up gun|HHHj|HHiH wound guns tend to lack longitudinal strength and rigidity. As a result of this lack the gun mutile may droop and "whip ' when the gun is fired, somewhat decreasing the accuracy weapon.
Other types of big guns include built-up guns consisting of two or more concentric cylinders shrunk one on the other, and cold-worked guns, nWtde up from a single cylinder with a bore slightly less than the desired calibre. The bore is enlarged to the correct size by enormous interior hydraulic pressure, with Ihe result that the inner lay era of the metal are put under compression by the contracting force of the outer layers just as though a jacket had been shrunk on.
f.
r>
GROWN IN SUNNY, SOUTHERN ONTARIO




Virgin forests in America which covered probably 800,000,000 acres in 1643 now cover less than 100,000,000 acres?
Moisture-proof paint on match heads keeps the matches in unable condition for soldiers in the moist tropics?


4

However, wire
%

film. At the other end, the films enlarged on a screen by a
Airgraph Carriers
In Last Century


!
were
m


lantern and then the tr.es-werc written down and
Blit T hat,

magic
RENDOVAI j FIVE


sages
afterwards delivered you will ask, took the place of the
how were the fifcns
&	1 {LANDING
I STRIP
I: riw®
Curiously enough, the airgraph
A similar method
of the
i
Idea isn t newgggg
successfully tried during the
in the Franco-

.
WHAT SCIENCE
airplane
flown to and fro n the besieged city? The answer is—by pigeon. — J. H. Priestley in "Britain
V
1
I
f:
siege of Paris Prussian war of 1870-1. Messages were printed on a board, and then the board was photographed on



à

4
is




Speaks

r?
VT:'.


WIRE WRAPPINGS
The big naval rifles such as art- used on battleships may be wound with wire. The purpose of such winding is to strengthen the gun’s resistance to the tremendous pressure exerted by the charge that propels the projec-
»



r fMUNDAIPOINT!
TO WORLD AT ITS WORST
By GLUYAS

I	ie Jap airfield at Minula *»n jtingled Ni
Island in the Solomons—where American forces are bombing, shelling and attacking by land. V. S. troops at newly-won V iru Harbor, farther south on New Georgia, are advancing on this Jap position, while artillery on nearby 1 Un do va Island has Munda area under fire.
I
f
tiur*4'
WtUWI*
Vf
Georgia
&c
U.

t ilt-
ln Great Britain, where winding guns with wire is a general practice, the wire used is one-fourth inch wide and .06 inch thick and has a breaking strength of over 100 tons per square inch. This ribbon-like flattened wire is applied in a continuous band, layer on layer, with increasing tension in each layer types of gun the wire wrapping extends all the way from the breech to the muzzle types only the breech—the part subjected to the first shock of the propelling charge—is wrapped with wire.
z
How Can I ? ?
Have Y ou Heard?
MRS. LeROY’S
FEMALE PILLS
By Anne Ashley
11
1
A nervous girl was chatting *o her vicar about fishing, on which •ihe was keen. "Did you manage to get any fishing while you were àWfty?” inquired the vicar.
"Oh, yes," replied the girl, "quite a lot—mostly, perch and •hub, though they’re not particularly nice to eat. Which .do you prefer, vicar," he added, "cherch or pub?"
ll
/
i,


Q. How can I cover scratches in walnut furniture?
A. Cover the scratches with tincture of iodine. Then polish in the usual way.
Q. How can 1 make a good varnish remover?
A. Dissolve thoroughly one quart of good caustic soda in three quarts of lukewarm water and apply with a coarse sponge. Or, try two parts of spirits of ammonia to one of turpentine; apply with a rag.
Q. How can l remove disagreeable odors from the house?
A. Burn sugar or dried orange peel on a pie pan or tin shovel. This caji be done over a low gas flame or electric plate, and all disagreeable odors will dis-
For Painful and Delayed Period», Extra Strength,
$4.00
PHONE LL. 3600
For City Delivery____
A
V

Z*

In some
SKY’S DRUG STORE

In other
1981 Davenport Road
(Corner Uxhrldge Avne.) TORONTO

I

4%
y
1
StopItch
The school master was explaining vulgar fractions. "If 1 take a potato, cut it in half, then in quarters, and then in halves again, what shall I have?” he asked.
"Chips, sir mediate response
of Insect Bites— Heat Rash
For quick relief from Itching of Insect bites, best rash, athlete's foot, ecscins and other externally •Bused skin troubles, use fast-acting. cooUnç, antiseptic. liquid D. D. D. Prescription. OreaseiMs. stainless. Soothes Irritation and quickly stops intense Itching. 35c trial bottle proves It. or money back. Ask Four druggist today for D. D. D. PRESCRIPTION.
The number of layers of wire (in the case of a 15-inch gun) varies from 20 turns at the muzzle to 79 turns at the breech. In the making of a single gun the use of some 22 tons of wire is involved, and the total length of
FOR M FiR5f 1ÎME JUNIOR, TRYiN'6 to SNEAK UPSTAIRS FOR H% BASEBALL BAT UNOBSERVED, SO HE WùMY BE ÎAéfcEP To HELP PASS -CHINÉS AT HIS MOTHER'S TEA PARTY, UNDERSTANDS WHAT HIS PARENTS MEAN ABOUT THE PERIL OF LEAVING TOYS ON THE STAIRS INSTEAD Cf PUTtîNé THEM AWAN
*3VV3
the im
1#*l*#*f H t
Ml t»
It was the first day of a new term, and the teacher asked a •mall girl in her class—a new pupil
was.
CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISEMENTS
CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISEMENTS
CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISEMENTS
CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISEMENTS
what her father's name
St HA Ie WA.Vl’KU
FOR SAM
I’KIISONAI
At TU>!t»IIILKS—LSKD
•BLACK LEAF 40’
"Daddy," replied the child. "Yes, 1 know," said the teacher. "But what does your mother call him?"
tlIRKSHING OUTFIT FOR SALE Bell Separator, Rumely engine. Apply to I. O. Battler. Platts-ville. Ontario.
USED CARS WITH GOOD TIRES. See us first Mount Pleasant Motors Limited. Used Car Lot at 2u4U Yonge Street; Head Office, 632 Mount Pleasant Road. Toronto. Telephone HY. 2181.
WE BUY ALL GRADES OF SCRAP metals, rugs, magasins* and waste paper. Consolidated Iron & Metal Company, 58-64 Niagara Street. Toronto, AD. 3031.
“Do You Kflow”
Kills hoppers sucking gardena aids. One
aphis, lttif-and other Insects In and orch-ounce makes five gallons garden spray.
THAT Missing Persons, Certificates. Family Records are found by the aid of Bacon-Vaughan, M.N.G.S. Standard Genealogist of long experience. Thousands of records on rile at Studio, 1189 Marlon Ave., Windsor. Ont. Française, English, American. Satisfied clients Institutes my reference.
"She doesn't call him anything," was the quick reply. "She likes him."
FOOT HALM
I'll AVI OH II ' A III * 9
BAUMEEKA FOOT BALM destroys offensive odor instantly, 45c bottle.. Ottawa sgent, Denman Drug Store, Ottawa.
AUTO PARTS
TRACTOR PARTS NEW AND used, for all makes of tractors. General Auto and Tractor Supply, 13 Frederick St.. Kitchener. UnL
NEW AND USED PARTS FOR ALL makes of cars and trucks. Complete automobile machine shop service. General Auto Supply, 12 Frederick St., Kitchener, Ontario.
m
Betty: "Did you hear about the fellow who stayed up all night figuring out where the sun went when it went down?"
Oliver
HAIR GOODS
1 oz. bottle l oz. bottle L lb. tin .. I lb. tin . i lb. tin ..
3ft
MIUTOGKAPI1Y
1.00
TAPEWORM
WIGS. TOUPES. TRANSFORM-atlone, Switches, Curls and all types of finest quality Hair Goods. Write for Illustrated catalogue. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co., 628 Bathurst Street, Toronto.
DONT TRUDGE THROUGH
I! All Y CHICKS
2.13
STOMACH AND THREAD WORMS often are the cause of lil-ltealth In humans all ages. No one Immune! Why not find out If this Is your trouble? Interesting particulars—Free! Write Mulveney's Remedies. Specialists, Toronto 8, Ont.
iKOTlNi sutmtt
H.flO
The Heat. Rain, or Hull
HYBRIDS FUR EXTRA VIGOUR also popular purebreda. Complete list, all ages. Falrvlew Farms. • St. Marys, Ontario.
what hap
"No
6.86
HAVE YOUR SNAPS

su*
• ¦ *
F v •»
Delivered by Mall
Any 6 or 8 exposure film perfectly developed and printed for only 26c. Supreme quality and fast service guaranteed.

Betty: "It finally dawned on him.”
SOLD
WHAT!—START CHICKS NOW?
Siree—and the sooner the

EVER Y WHERE
HAIRDRESSING SCHOOL
Yes
better. Here at Fergus, we looked ahead and prepared for what we thought might turn out to he a national meat shortage. Events have made our guess good. Meet is rationed—restaurants are having meatless days—the price of fish Is so high you'd think they were flying fish eggs have come Into their own. We can give prompt delivery on pure breeds and hybrid Write for catalogue and price list today. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ont.
LEARN HAIRDRESSING THE Robertson method. Information on request Robertson's emy, 137 Avenue Road. Toronto
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
Ethel: "She’s sorry enough that #he married him, Til wager." Mabel: "The idea? How can
TEACHERS WANTED
regarding
Halrdressli
classes, ng Acad-
Station J. Toi.'nto
WANTED, QUALIFIED PROTKS-tant teacher for Sand field RcUoul, duties to commence September first, 1943. salary 195V. Apply, stating qualification.* and experience* to W. J. -Moody, Secrcfary-Tieusurer, Sand field	T nvnahlp
School area, Big Lake, Ontario

it>u say that? He thinks her a perfect angel, and treats her—"
PHOTOGRAPHY
HOUSEKEEPER WANTED
"I AM VERY PLEASED WITH YOUR PROMPT SERVICE.."
hi c ke ll a and
"As though she really were i. He doesn’t buy her anything
wear."
HOUSEKEEPER ON FARM TO look after two hired men. Good cook. Widow with child acceptable. School close. New house, all modern conveniences. Near Georgetown. Box 60, 73 Adelaide St. W., Toronto.
r


many
crosses
m
. . . writes a customer at Rough Water, N.S., who adds: “1 have told many friends about your service and 1 know that from now on you will get films from them for developing and printing.1' Letters like this from all parts of Canada tell how well pleased customers are with Star snapshot Sers lee.
Any tiixe Roll—6 or 8 Exposures.
DEVELOPED AND PRINTED X&e
Boys and girls on active service enjoy letters so much more when "snaps' are enclosed.
PROTESTANT
wanted for S.S. No. 9 Holland State. Salary and qualifications. Duties to commence on the 1st of September. Write giving telephone number to ' Thomas Dennison, Secretary . Treasurer, lt.lt. No. 1 Berkeley, Ont
TEACHER
This, I declare,
I am standing pat on: Headquarters is where Hindquarters are sat on
-ALL OUT” ON PRODUCTION Applies to food as well as munitions. Use all your poultry-house accommodation to the limit. With the right stock. Winter markets will absorb all we can raise. Order chicks now for delivery this month, or later. Bray Hatchery, 130 John N
MACHINERY
FOR SALE—1 ADVANCK-RUMELY Oil Pull, operates on fuel oil. Mounted on fraction wheels and grousers. Good condition. Immediate delivery. King. Paving Co. Ltd., Box 36. Oakville. Ont.
MIDDLE-AGE^
WOMEN (££)
u
¥
"I am Brave Eagle," said the |»dian chieftain, introducing him' to the paleface visitor. "This _ my son, Fighting Bird.
"And here," he added, "is my ndson, Four-Engined Bomber."
ASSISTANT TEACHer for Span Continuation School. Write stating qualifications and salary to Grant Diehard. Sparta, Ont.
WANTED
Hamilton, Ont
f
MRDICAV
HEED THIS A D VI CE 11
If you're cross, restless, NERVOUS— suffer hot flashes, dizziness—caused by this period In a woman's Ilf try Lydia B. Plnkham'e Veee' Compound. Made especially , women. Hundreds of thousands markably helped. Follow label dlrec tlons. Made In Canada.
BLACKSMITH SHOP

BLACKSMITH SHOP, sell separate, immediately
IN AYTON.
also House will Possession of shop For particulars write 8. H. Grein,
Kitchener,
WANTED—
SCHOOL TEACHER
For S.S. No. 19, Mfdont*. State *uIniy
Apply Howard Dunlop, lt.lt. 4, Culdw a ter.
You. too, will get better results from your camera if you mail your film rolls to Mar Seiipebot sert lee
to be developed and printed. You'll get finer quality, sharper prints at lowest cost. And you will get thy promptest service obtainable by mail in keeping with quality work. Mail us a roll for trial.
S MOUNTED ENLARGEMENT#
Size 4 x 6 " in Beautiful Easel
Mounts.
You can have enlargements compared by hand for a small additional charge.
POST’S ECZEMA SALVE
religion and references.
table
Banish the Torment of Dry Eczema, Rashes and Chronic Skin Troubles. Post's Eczema Salve Will Not Disappoint You. Itching, Scaling, Burning Eczema, Acne, Ringworm, Pimples and Athlete's Foot will respond readily to this stainless, odorless ointment, regardless of how stubborn or hopeless they may seem.
for
219 Simeon Street
In an egg-laying contest held New York State, a hen of the de Island Red breed laid an •gtg a day for six months?
Ont
ROMAN
SppHiate
TEACHER WANTED -Catholic teacher for School No. 2 Ha git r. Duriez to commence September 1. Apply stating experience, qualifications and salary expect»d to Malcolm Me Phee, Sec. T Ont.
L'
BOARS
FEW CHOICE REGISTERED Yorkshire March boars. $30 each. Angus McLean. Kerwood, Ont.
“V
Mirkatay
FUNNY BUSINESS
DOGS A FEIIRETS_____
GREYHOUNDS. TRAINED. RACING or Hunting. Beagles. Ferrets. Write Al Schacht. 4736 Riverside Drive, Riverside. Ontario__
PRICE $1.00 PER JAR Rent post free on receipt of price
BETHANY:	WANTED. DRuTHSU’-
Miit teacher for Public School Section Eleven, Township of Manvem. County of Durham. l1u-ti< n to commence September first. Apply, stating certificat» and salury expected, to G. M T. Davis, Secretary, Bethany, R.R. No. 2>Ontarlo.

mm*

STAR SNAPSHOT SERVICE
POST'S remedies
0\s
»i
Bex 12», Postal Termleal A, Toroelo
Print your name and address plainly on all orders.
889 Queen St. E. Corner of Logan
TORONTO
C
Mil
DYEING A CLEANING

\
8

‘t
X
HAVE ÏUU ANYTHING NEEDS dyeing or cleaning? Write to us for information. We are glad to
)e par t-Worke
x
DON'T DELAY. EVERY SUFFERer of Rheumatic Pains or Neuritis should try Dixon’s Remedy. Munro’s Drug Store. 335 Elgin, Ottawa. Postpaid $1.00.

x
%
PROTESTANT TEA# HER Wanted S.S. No. 6 Hay, Salary $1,100. 11 pupils, rich. R

answer your questions, ment H. Parker’s Dye Limited. 791 Yongt Street. Toronto.
FILMS DEVELOPED 25c COIN
Two punts Hum such negative. Reprints 2c each. Montreal Photo. P.U. Box 16V. Station F. Montreal.
X
%
%
%

Apply Jacob M. Glnge-No. 3, Zurich. Ont.


3#
//
NURSES WANTED
#2

FEATHERS WANTED
WANTED
GRADUATE OR UNDERGRADUate nurses for general duty. 8-hour duty and half day n week. Apply, giving full particulars. Superintendent, Memorial Hospital. Listowel.

1'UPS FOR SALE
WILL PAY THE FOLLOWING price# for Goose and Duck feathers: Goose feathers, 68c lb.: Duck feathers. 48c lb. Canada Comfort-Limited, 736 Dundns Ft
WANTED WOOD bench. Machiner motors. Cash. Ridleys, Boh* 98 Rnicebrldge. Ontario.
WORKING nd outboard
V-
COCKER SPANIEL 1'UPS, BEAUties, tParents Registered) Prices less papers Males $15 $8. li. Costello,
Chatham. Ont.
%
x


* t*ma it s SL Clair St.,
er Co East. Toronto. Ont
} A It.NS AND WOOLLEN lit % G *
MACHINE AND HAND KNITTING lurn# $1.35 lb., postpaid. We accept woollen rags. Flcst.ertoo Woollen Mills, Flesherton Ont.
%
yyz7A
OILS AND GREASE.
FARM HELP WANTED
1
KAUDITS 8 GUINEA PIGS
CAPABLE FARM HAND MARRIED or single for general farm work, roust be steady and reliable. All year round position. Near Georgetown. Box 60, 71 Adelaide St. W., Toronto.
TRACTOR OWNERS SEND FOR our new 1943 price list on oil* and grease. Co-Operative Oil Company, 3570 Dundaa St. W., Toronto.
RABBITS AND GUINEA bought a in u sold, u WuillUl Street, SI. Thumua, UiiL
PIGS Fuma, JU
40^
Secret Weapon
MHKl 31 ATTC PAINS
PATENT#
IT A R M * FOR * A II, E	g
TWO FARMS FOR SALE. GOOD land, good buildings, well watered. some wood on both. Close to town. Each 200 acres. W. H. Milling, Napanee, Ontario. R.R. 6
You may look like a swan, but if you sound like a peacock you will neither influent* friends nor magnetize lovers, says Sonia Lee in “Your Life"* Magazine. A vital ar.U persuasive voice i* a woman's most valuable stock in trade. It is, in fact, her “secict v capon/*
PROVEN REMEDY—EVERY SLF-ferer ol Rheumatic Pants or Neuritis ehuuia try . Dixon s Remedy. .Mumus Drug Store, 33u Elgin, Ottawa, Postpaid $1.UU.
F ET 11E KSTl >N H A t Q H dk COMPANY
Eeiubliened Toi o* to on re-
Pale IR holivilors
18U0,	14 King Weal
Boult i el ol III loi ma i loo
i was I
St NR Ell RESORT
W*
it'
vkusomïa
Dry climate plants like the cactus are known as succulents? They have enlarged stems which store water for use when the soil does not supply enough.
46	.
COM I HI IV MCA MtVICI II

OR A N
. ».|Ue, Oalai cel lent food, ideal lutation. Swim, jojf, ride or Ju*t loaf. Telephone
INN — NIAGARA-ON-THE
good rooms, ex-
ASTROLOGICAL ADVICE BY scient iMr expert;, personal prub-
view Toronto,
marriage. Mull or inter Scorpio, 85V Caria w Ave.
* "The bugler finally found a way to blow reveille without
getti.ig up ahead of the others.”
ISSUE No. 30—43

I

¦
4
###PAGE###3###
T
* V

SS»**

.4
Radio Reporter /
SUPER SERVICE ON THE JUNGLE FRONT
| THIS CURIOUS WORLD »,
»
MW* ' •

fiM1.
? \
3"
1
x

It has always been said in radio circles that about the quickest way to find out whether a program has an extensive listening audience or not, is to make a very obvious mistake.. . . have the announcer give the wrong time . . . describe Winston Churchill as the Prime Minister of Czechoslovakia . . . make a jibing remark about some particular political party, or religious sect . .. -or something I ke t! at. When these things happen on the rad o, listeners who couldn't bo induced to phono or w ite a radio station even on the chance oi w.nning a $50,000 cash prize, rush to their» telephones, or grab pen and pencil-with which to assail the unfortunate person who made the mistake or the offending remark. CFRB was recently the target of a mass barrage of telephone calls following a mistake made during the “Spin to Win” program, on the air every Monday evening, 8.30 to 9 o'clock. You’ve probably heard the show, a quiz affair, in which the studio and *ii audiences compete for valuable cash prizes. The question was “With what animal was the Scottish writer Robert Burns associated? . . . and the answer acknowledged correct by the master of ceremonies was “a spider." Shades of Scottish history! It only took a few seconds before the telephones began ringing at CFRB, and irate Scotsmen in rapid succession pointed out that it was Robert Bruce and not Robert Burns who gained inspiration from watching a spider.
While we’re on a subject suggested by quiz shows, it seems appropriate to mention that there have been fewer summertime casualties among them than among any ;thf : types of radio entertainment. For instance, all the popular quiz shows on CFRB are carrying right through the v/arm weather, including “Spin to Win,” “Treasure Trail," “Super Quiz,” “What's the Answer?" and “Easy Pickin's." Even though the temperatures climb high into the nineties, those shows are being played before packed studio audiences. It all goes to show that when there’s the chance of winning a few free dollars. Mr. and Mrs: and the kids wiM brave the discomforts of humidity and heat. Apparently also there are lots of people wht will forsake the coolness of their verandahs, and go inside for a load of quiz questions . . . and maybe the chance of
picking up the jackpot.
$ * $



. -»»-

*

f* -
É# *
rrk'
II srS®!S?.
il	WHIN

f


*
AMD

OVER. THIRTV

T
ttej) 3 6i y«J

» .
7?
» ?
%
>t%>VQ6>e'
ZMvSV
i
ri
fi

z.
THAN DO


-Z
Z

m
SPINSTERS
WHOMARRV
Un
H
• 2


Eu
sa

v%
Th
• *
* *
5H
,x
f

. ISTAfio
i

THIRTY
m

3

rfH
U.

-¦»
' 1
».

I I
¦


WHfc.7»
A


9
v


r
<»

M #
¦ v
1
*


Z -M i—.


tanks up at “filling station” for military vehicle? run by have posted the usual gas .station signs, including “No
Jeep just out of the New Guinea three	Three
Smoking,” “U-Curve Inn” and one reading “It’s Hot Vp Here, So Take It Easy, Boys, We’re Only Human. We Want to Go Home, Too.”
jungle
Yanks”
V'

• r
IVhesj a
xjob. But as I remarked to Partner yesterday, what I lack ia bounce I now make up for ia weight. And that should help keep tiie load on the wagon—providing, of course, that l don't go off the end of it*
When I started to write this column, the war news was very quiet. Now the day we have beea waiting for has come. Anxious days lie ahead but, however great ojt worry, don't, for goodness sake, let us indulge in self-pity. To be sure our boys are in danger—they have to be, even your boy and mine. But this is total war, and in total war there are two fronts—the battlefront and the home front. You lave heard that before. Now we have the opportunity to show that we not only heard but realize that WH have a part to play Let us prove that we can take it on the chin—
work, save, give of our very best
to back up our boys at the front#
A Farm Wife Chats To Women
J
THE SK.IN IS" LEFT’
by Gwendoline P. Clarke

Hullo, everybody—and a special hullo to farm wouieu everywhere!
here because at the present time Partner and I are alone on a hundred acres twelve cows without benefit of a milking machine.
Yesterday I came home from an Institute meeting, changed into an old dress and went out to the hay field to help—that Is. to
say, I wai on the wagon building the load while Partner pitched on. Years ago I used to help in the field a lot and so I thought what I had dît ne before I could do agaim But, in spite of my willingness, I soon discovered that, like the old gray mare, “I ain't what I used to be.” I found
it hard to keep my balance. Every time the horses stepped up I promptly fell down. Scrambling to my fcet again was quite some
L
and milking
Here is a brand new column for you—one in which you and 1 will meet together to laugh a little, talk a little, and perhaps even weep a little—who knows?
Now don’t think this column is just another story, because it isn't. It is real—written by an houest-to-goodness farmer’s wife who knows, and has experienced, the same problems, the same hardships, and the same joys tjiat have come to you, day after day and year after year.
You may think I am a stranger to you—perhaps I am—but I hope I won't be a stranger very long. However, let me tell you this: YOU are not a stranger to me. No, for if you have lived all your married life on a farm, then I know you. If you have sometime lived in a small town or city, I know you. If the Old Country gave you birth and your heart just aches over the devastation of well-loved places, then I know you very well indeed. Or if you come from the prairie, I, too, know something of the heartache
that grips you when you think of the vastness that you knew; of that intangible something that you cannot describe but which you know to be the soul of the West.

st/A/zvy
9 6
eon. mi sv mca navtct. ewe.
ANSWER: A gunny sack.

NEXT: Painting on cobwebs.
i
heard the groaning of the children of Israel, whom the Egyptians keep in bondage ; and I have remembered my covenant. Wherefore say unto the children of Israel, I am Jehovah, and I will bring you out from under the burdens .of the Egyptians, and I will rid you out of their bondage, and I wlil redeem you with an outstretched arm, and "with great judgments: and I will take you unto me for a people, and I will be to you a God; and ye shall know that I am Jehovah your God, who bringeth you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians.”
This is henceforth to be the word of encouragement, of authority, and of fellowship to Israel. It reminds them that God is now active in their behalf; that it is God who is thus active, and that He is present to dwell in the midst of them as a father among his adopted children. . , • They shall know by actual experience that He is all that is implied in the name Jehovah, an actual, and therefore tried# deliverer. ... I am the Lord. This sentence is here repeated for the third time in this message, enhanced by all the emphasis which the distinction made between the divine names (v. 3) has added to its meaning. It is the seal of God thrice stamped upon Him promise.
Exodus From Egypt Begins
“And it came to pass the selfsame day, that Jehovah did bring the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt by their hosts.” Here we read that the number of males departing at this time was 600,000. probably one of above two millions of souls. The difficulty of handling sb vast a body and marching them from Goshen to the Red Sea, and from the Red Sea to Sinai must have been very great. The whole Sinaitic district was probably occupied \ by the flocks and herds, and the herdsmen who tended them. But the main body of the people were encamped in front of Sinai, heard ' the Decalogue delivered and consented to the covenant.
i
S U N D A Y
SCHOOL
LESSON
August 1
GOD DELIVERS HIS PEOPLE
Exodus 5—12
PRINTED TEXT, Exodus 5:22, 23; 6:1-7; 12:51
GOLbFN TEXT.—Call
in the day of trouble: I will deliver thee, and thou shall glorify me. Psalm 50:16. Memory Verset Thou art nigh, Jehovah. Psalm 119:151.
HE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time.—1446 B.C.
Plade.—The Passover feast it-eelf warn observed only in the land ef Goshen where the Jews were then living, but the plagues recorded here, of course, occurred throughout the whole land of Egypt, and the conversations that are recorded here probably took place in the city of Zoan, known alec ae Tania, where was located Pharaoh's palace.
Moses' Prayer
“And Moses returned unto Jehovah, and said, Lord, wherefore hawt Thou dealt ill with this people? Why is it that Thou hast sent me? For since I came to Pharaoh to speak in Thy name, he hath dealt ill with this people; neither hast Thou efelivered Thy people at all.” Moses was discouraged with the want of immediate succmw, which led him into a bqld complaint against God; first for sending him; and then for failing, as it seemed to him, to keep His word 4n the deliverance of the people. Jesus knows our weaknesses and is ready to help. He knows what it is to have suffered and wept over a stiffnecked people — He knows how to he touched with this feeling of out infirmity.
God Reassures Moses
“And Jehovah said unto Moses, Now shalt thou see what I will do to Pharaoh: for by a strong hand shall he let them go, and by a strong hand shall he drive them out of the land. And God spake an to Moses, and said unto him, I am Jehovah: and L appeared unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob, as God Almighty; but by My name Jehovah I was not known to them.”
The direction which Moses now received from God conveyed a fresh assurance that God would certainly accomplish His purpose; it gave a fuller revelation of His character as Jehovah, with the special promises which this implied (6:2-8); and it renewed the . commission to Moses to undertake the work, accompanied by encouragement and assurance.
¦
l
upon me
WINTER SPORT
HORIZONTAL
1 Apex.
4 Pictured winter sport 10 Its playing field is called
Answer to Previous Puzzle EiNP^ILHIw I LL
R EAi PiSpPMnOiQ
RIAL E*n I dMtJTi
ETA R seti
22	Vermont (abbr.).
23	Stringed instrument
24	Letters.
26	International language.
27	Bird.
28	Present.
29	Article.
30	Geometrical figure.
31	Not thin.
34 Ammunition
wagon.
37 Clay pipe.
40	Guide.
41	Tiny.
42	Like.
43	Greek letter#
45	Qualified.
46	Horseback game.
47	StufT.
48	Thousand (prefix).
49	Diving bird»
50	Wager.
51	Aviator.
52	Article.
54 Excavate.
58 Thoron
(abbr.).
?



Baa
>
y — e—	mm i —
E

E
1 IetisitEditI
T,REiND#AT'E|N|
AR’CpÂln L NE
EgEopeiner
DrFpiTlNE 5 S'
TR
a

14	Charm,
15	Annual receipts.
16	Sheltered side. IA
17	Grief,
18	Music note. 11 R A DIE
19	Place.	|REC^
20	Weaver’s reed, fs T A r1t
21	Courage.
24 Mother#
26 Bend.
29 It is played 46 Rubber disc
used 10 this
game (J9U.
50 Baseball clubs 53 Insect 64 Perform.
55 Border.
96 Repetition of sound.
ST Vegetable*
59	Beverage.
60	Sorrow.
61	Thistle-like
plant.
44 Players of this 62 Cut down.
Radio's most-listened-to program in North America, the Lux Theatre, is now off the air for » few weeks. It ia being replaced by two half-hour programs. The
first half hour, 9 to 9.30 Monday I if y0U have a son, a husband, night, CFRB,' romance fills the I or brother in the Army, Navy air in dramatic form k . . followed e | or Air Force, I know only too well bj a musical presentation, 9.30 to 10 p.m., the Broadway Band Box, with the currently popular singing a tar, Frank Sinatra, heading the vocals.
EM
A
ENT
VERTICAL
1	City.
2	Wind
i ostrument
3	Dock.
4	Employ,
5	Unit.
6	Chamber of Commerce (abbr.).
7	Hill.
8	Bird.
9	Still
10	Knaves.
11	Sick.
12	Born.
13	Lock opener.
game wear
the anxiety that is yours. I know how you practically live from one mail time to another, and how long the day when the expected letter doesn't arrive!
ou
31	Sailor.
32	Erudition.
33	Tpward.
84	Small piece.
85	Either.
<6 Fixed line of devolution.
38	Fear.
39	Variety of clover.
40	Wound with knife.
#
I know your uneasiness if you have a daughter in the- city— trusting her, yet fearful of dangers which even you can hardly visualize. But if sorrow has already come to you through this war; if the War Office has sent that last of all messages to your home, then I do not presume to say
I know 'you. I can only *ask to sympathize with you in youi grief and trust that in some way, unforeseen at present, healing will come to your stricken heart.
. But now to our ordinal-» everyday life as we know it. The chickens are fed, the eggs gathered for the last 'time today, and now here I am sitting by the front door of our old Colonial farm home. The air is still sultry but clouds in the western sky are at least giving some protection from the sun’s blistering ays.
And what do I see from where I am sitting? Well, in the immediate foreground there is a lawn that needs cutting, shrubs that need trimming and weeds that need pulling. It doesn’t sound too attractive, does it? But then you see this isn’t à model farm— far from it. But, model or otherwise, I wonder if there is a farm anywhere in Ontario where the work is really done up to date, as it should be. I know it idh't
For several weeks past radio stations across Ontario have been co-operating in the effort to get temporary workers to go out on the farm. The CBC and privately owned stations who have been working together in the national agricultural interests appear to have done quite an effective job. Girls from the city have flocked to the farms right after school closing, to lend a hand during the summer months. Farms say they can use them all and more. The response from ’teen age boys, however, has not been as good as the farmers hoped for. There is still plenty of opportunity whereby young lAds can offer their services during the harvesting season. How about it, boys? You wouldn’t wapt the girls to beat you out, would you?
The nation was
S
I 2	3
4
5
6	7
10
II
12
13
14
15
16
17
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
26
29
30
31
3
33
34
35
You’ve no doubt heard of the great four-motored Lancaster bombers which have been blasting away at Germany and Italy these last few months. Lancaster bombers are now being made in Canada The first one to be built in the Dominion will be christened July 23. The R.C.A.F. will celebrate the event as the h ghlight of the “Comrade in Arms” broadcast, 10.15 p.m. that same eve-i ing over the coast-to-coast network of the CBC.
Pin Money!
37
3Ô
Corvettes cost about $700,000, but if Canadian housewives saved just one cent of every dollar they
_ hhhhhhhh
War Savings Stamps to pay for two new corvettes every month.
41 42
40
43
44
46
47
48
4
they could buy enough
I
52
53
54
55

7
58
5
In England, boots which can t be repaired are converted into fertilizer?
60
61
6
P^^5— What, Not in a Garden?
By J. MILLAR WATT
in His relationship. to man, God manifested Himself, and He < was known as Jehovah—as “He Who is that He is,” in other words, as unchangeable, when After cenutries of silence and after the condition of Israel in Egypt had become almost hopeless, He showed that He had not forgotten His promise given to the fathers; that He had all along been preparing its fulfillment; and that neither the resistance of Pharaoh,* nor the might of Egypt, could stay His hand.
The Steal of God
“And I have also established my covenant with them, to give them the land of Canaan, the land of their sojourning*, wherein they sojourned. And moreover I have
yeh! m
i
WHAT DID yOUr- 7 GROW
9L ÿ THEM
n
ONCE GOT A FIRSrfy 7 DRIJCE FOR GREEN	J
PEAS
4.
IN
/
PODS!
9
I
# •
U
<L
a
i*


# e
u


.
?








0-19
(Re
judk't»*. Inc
I '
rL

/
*.


###PAGE###4###
%


%
THE EQUITY
m
choose the services of any of these ten Chartered Banks...
B
to

Work Clothes that
Last Longer
/
Shawville July 29th 194:
I

\

Order Increases Farm Machinery Production
Men’s Overall Pants of good quality Denim,
Men’s 8 and 9 ounce quality. Denim, Peabody, Carharrt and Snag Proof,
$1.50
* Bank of Montreal The Bank of Toronto The Canadian Bank of Commerce The Dominion Bank Imperial Bank of Canada
The Bank of Nova Scotia The Provincial Bank of Canada The Royal Bank of Canada Banque Canadienne Nationale Barclays Bank (Canada)
A Wartime Prices and Trade Board order providing for substantially increased quotas of farm machinery for manu facturera and importera for the next 1 -J months has been announced by H. H Bloom, administrator for th* Board Increased food production g tala, loss of manpower on the farms and the present short supply of farm equipment were the reasons given by Mr, Bloom for the new order.
Rationing of farm machinery, which was put into etlect last October, will be continued as a means of ensuring fair distribution and the maximum use of every piece of new equipment.
The number of various kinds of machinery and equipment which may be manufactured has been approximately doubled, although only the most tial units will be produced or imported
R
$2.50 and $2.75
Men's Work Shirts, covert cloths, ‘chambray, blue twills
navy
$1.00 $1.25 $1.50
One finger, long cuff horsehide mitts $1.00 and $1.25
M
These banks are constituted under the Bank Act — an act of the Parliament of Canada.
1 hey compete with each other for your business. This makes for fair and efficient operation and for quality of service. Enterprises and individuals
_	_ ma>' t() any or all of them to deposit money,
obtain loans and transact any other banking business.
Security and privacy are two" fundamentals which the Canadian people have always demanded of their banks. They maintain more than 4,350,000 deposit accounts, knowing that their money is available when they want it. In thousands of dailt contacts with bank agers and staffs, they know that their private affairs will be held
strictly confidential.
¦
*
M

zziyiyzizi

Zl/i/i/iZIZlZiZ.Zziy
?tZlZlZiZIZlZlZ'/iZ'ZI/Z'ZlZiZ'Z'ZZ'Z
Z Z Z'x
bank
A Special
y
In Men’s Work Sox Just the thing for heavy boots
29 cents
M

In every sense of the word, the banks are servants of the people: Lord Macmillan wrote in the Royal Commission report of 19 3 3: “The mechanism of finance is a delicate one; the confidence upon w hich it is based is a slow grow th, but it may be destroyed over-night, and those to whom is entrusted responsibility for the welfare of the people musipmceed with caution in the adoption of changes. ’!
In any of more than 3,000 branches and sub-agencies of the Chartered Banks across Canada you can entrust your savings and discuss your financial affairs with assurance that privacy will be maintained.
vs sen
M<
ZIZ'Z'/I/I/IZI/IX,/!/!/,XI
u
Planning Distribution of No. 3 Ration Books
This store will close all day Wednesday
dining July and August Closed Tuesday night 10.00 ;
Si
Rationing authorities are already in iking advance plans for the distribution of the No. 3 consumer ration books which are to be received by the public during the week commencing August 22.
As in the case of the current ration books, these books will be distributed under the auspices of the Local Ration Hoards which will set up conveniently situated distributing centres and depend upon volunteer workers to do the actual issuing under the direction ot distribution chiefs.
established in industrial where a suitable number vt may be served.
In some cases, it is pointed out, the location <>t the distributing centres may fitter from those used during tin A*ign for the distlibation ot the current
jooks. Some of those occupied at that i	do nnrnTir _ _ _
qme may not now be available. In I	i KUrhK TY FOR
M her cases, arrangements more con veil-	SALE	i With lie consent of ihc Clarendon
înt tor the public will be made. Ac-	MnK>i Hoard and the Municipal Com*.
A>rdi»g!y, consumers are asked to take | T .	...	.	ci I of Clarendon, the Muninpa
•areful note of the whereabouts ot the .	. V • i	,v!“,r *taml, will be clos'd Iron* August I
Mstribilling centre* and also of the in- > ales in the village of Shnwville; Th
‘ructions governing the i>Mie of the1 ''	,'.‘r "lt 1 ,n:U‘Vin,‘ agencies, inclnd-
ew books which will be announced m" , ..V	,U|	" toek^hntr and
ell in advance of the actual period of	V “’''v'	* ropvrties well rente.l.
Ntributi •	L El,,lhurst F ""1- I rtage dn Fort
man-
Saturday night at 11.00

B<r
+
Wo


s# .
Othei centres will be
THE
Ch

concern ' consumers

V 9
r
in
x
A
cam-
NOTICE
N, ft. Horner
s old stand SHAWVILLE,
Teachers Wanted ]
QUE
Applications will be received by the
Office imdt rsigntfl np to July iph, 1943, f„,
i:> b, ' qualitl ‘«i teachers fur the Rural Schools 1 p n vf < 'I % remit m 1943 44.
I
t
Secretary, however, will k iiHirli with tie* .Vuvir and Vliaii in in any ma ters of importance.
Salary $750.00 for term
1

V
Sfivjgn

•I A DEAN
Sec.-Treasurer
I A I)KAN
time for REPAIRS
é
t a 1 \ I'lrtMir* 1
<
¦ containing 6f>0 acres; 350
acres under cultivation, balance in good
bush ; excellent soil stork faun. Will sell \vi*h stork.
Easy terms r,n all propvrtic
Camping has tally been identified further particulars apply to .h youngsters going off to the woods '
learn something of th r,ians, and becoming accustomed to king after themselves. Rut adults -i also go camping according to an '
•iouncenieni issued by the Macdonald 'lege Adult Education Service. In b 1 : ye 11 : the \\,u people	A M t .
iiüüü?
seitses: 5S$SsE2!
which he attains the *ig9 of fourteen i years. Furthermore school boards are | obliged to admit to the grades provided in such schools every child domiciled the Municipality, from the beginning of the school year, following the day which he attains the age of five year*, until the end of the scoot>1 year in which he attains the age of sixteen yea rs.
Teachers Wanted
Np’endid livi
r without
EDUCATIONAL CAMPS
During the Wintertime to look
Qualified Protestant
feacher for Ihss. S.-hool North Onslow. Term 10 months ; $M) OU per month. New
•Sell'»'.I, 1.) pupils. Iloi,m aii<l board $15.00 to $18 0U
months is the over your equipment necessary repairs made, may be difficult to the year.
x
Fur
nr
»
o A. HOWARD
Sliawvillp, y up.
and have the
Materials
later in
acts of tin
•f. s. vorxo,
Secretary Treasurer, K. 11. 3. ÿ ivun, (j ue
(
i
procure
Compulsory School Attendance
1
Cemetery Donations
We still have in stock a few articles i
ses
in
tfot
Pr. P. J. Campbell, Treasurer of thi j \ Cemetery Improvement Fund acknowledges with thanks, the follow I iug donations:—
j Mrs. Ilorsetield ..........
j Mrs, Sam Sinclair.........
I Mrs. O. Martineau..........
j Shaw ville Women’s Institute
• dolni A. Sturgeon ........
«fi. A, Howard.......	.....
: Eirl H origins ............
I Mi»a Verna Strutt .........
Pr. McRae...................
Raw ley Mormon ..............
Gilbert Robertson ...........
Mrs. H. lionets, West mount.
Mr. J. P. Wilson.............
Mrs. S, E. Hudson, Chelsea.
Theodore Hodgins ............
Claude E. Shaw...............
John Caldwell, Caldwell......
Basil (juttille..............
Pr. McGuire .................
Mrs. C. H. 01 instead .......
TV
ENAMELWARE
POULTRY
PIGS &
* X * *
CATTLE
%
1 J
£ 2 00 2 00 2 00 50 00 2 00 2 00
t-x
lALE’S TINSHOP

1ST: C-
1 ‘ ¦ ,
•V T
*
on
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
2 04
cjs-ws/sraejs^
NORTH STAR CROWING
ft 00
six
5 00
•tied again this year.
an MacKenzie former extension T in Nova Scotia and British .bia. who is preparing to do rura,
»n China will assist the Director, | x Sim, who has directed these each year since 1041
of New York will take charge : music and singing. Arrange -•*re not yet final for a recreation but a fully competent recreation-promised.
4ded feature this year, is that
bee Religious Education Coun- The appointment of attendance offiv-sterdenommational body is co- en» must he made each year, before the .>g w ith the program. A special 1st of September, by a resolution of the
d interest to young people’* school board, which shall also state the \ is being offered. The Rev. amount of the remuneration. A com btewart, and Rev, Philip of the resolution must he sent to the s, ot Magog are to be instruc- Department of Education within 15
< f tiui date on
5 00
2 00
MASH
5 Ou 10 00
i
2 00
on
Beatrice
For Beautiful
Cemetery Memorials
It is most inportant that you keep your young pullets ing or they will never recover front a set back.
The healthier your birds are, the greater their resistance to disease, and the quicker they come into production.
North Star Growing Mash
is well known and largely used in this district.
It contains all the vitamins, minerals, proteins, etc., so necessary for hèalthy growth and developement— the
ingredients are of high ijualit and freshly mixed what you need from us early.
U e shall be glad to help you
with
ar y tinye
2 00
5 00
grow
2 00
3 00
Attendance Officers
5 00
2 00
mum
Write or phone
GEOs H. FROATS & SONS
248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
Mr. John R. McDowell, Treasurer of •he Maple Grove Cemetery Fund, acknowledges with thanks, the following donations:—	^
Carence Hayes . . ;........
Thou. Sheppard, Ottawa_____
Clifford (Vne............
Wm. Smith, Ottawa..........
Mrs. S' E. Hodgins* Ottawa
W. K. N. Hodgins, Ottawa..
J. 1». Kilgnur.............
Mrs. §am Reimick...........
Mrs John B. Jjidd .........

Private leigh, N. C Field, Mis Hargrove < grove,” fa was prom That’s the Robert Wi stands Six f 250 pounds, wears a si huge mura
Keesler Fi huge under 1 J,000 squu. tion will be $10,000.
$ 5 00
ms course
•Farm Forum members are ex attend, as well as executive actors from t hr \ u inns Com
vliouls in Quebec.	The monthly fees are abolished foi
•ond camp is of broader scope, elementary classes. Fees may he clurg-bract student#, from Montreal, led only to pupil# who take courses in »nd the Maritime provinces, intermediate and high school grade- ‘ x for sixteen day# it offers n and who have completed tlie .* ho<n ?t community recreation, and year in which they attained the 3»tion leadership. It is v\- fourteen years jat this course will at trad As the act : film |»i tionists, volunteer school att ndam
il
S 00
(Monthly Fees
1 00
Phone, 278
necessary
5 00
2 4)0
2 00
1 00 1 00 2 00
v
I)rder
age of
>
spectmg conijfulsT.ry ome#	, i
icm re#iti««u Ji:iy is% lU43t the school bon ni \vi*h to
inform parent# of children fr fourteen years of age who d<
. tend rw li -.1, that tin ii < hildren in thi ’ it k i d in ( Jan i<	group must enroll in echo .1 wh
¦ - iMee hr gin in Sept >mber, 1943.
As no reference to text book# wh contained in the Act respecting #ch« (j
the purchasing of tex book# will be the responsibility of cuts a*>itberto, except for the childrt of indigent#.
ESTABLISHED 1883
FARM FOR SALE'
agencies.
*h<iusines, and adult edur
your feeding problems
Two hundred of heavy tomn, 8( under hay, bi wit Ml >v and gr; 'iUtbitifdint/< h!
•ukI twenty five a^ros • Gu under culttxation, in grain crop; will sell m crop. Two seta of I in good condition; ' "»iud brick bouse, iron roof,
| ii«r<! and ynft w*t?r in house, also fur-iiiue; well fenced and watered l»y never falling CMek; p'enty of wood, and s,«dwol situated on property, about ;U riiiUr* AYeft of Hairy’s on No. |7 Highway Priced for immediate
ply %n
in six tc
I nvalid

O.OACH
GEO. HYNES & SON
l
.üji is a distinct inovati<
!4iti i I y Macdonald <
Cot
Pre-cookei fast cereals United Slab war departn ess, develop, corps, perm dishes, chief! meal, merel; cereals arc
tain no more ture. They i tainers and outposts whe ter they are freshly cooke

wartime program to relit \
•at that must depend up.-ifi volunteer leaders to cany attendance 3 r un.	f
1

OTTAWA VALLEY GRAIN PRODUCTS
LIMITED
RENFREW, ONT
¦to »

H*
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
C^Shawville Oue.
f

P?u
ais
programs of ut at, enjoyment and ad vane, tho.ke who are lortima *cnd them.
pro»
I
Ap
sale
T. A. DEAN
Phone 80
'CHRIS H. GIBSON,
R Haley'« Station, Out
Sec-Treas
]
1
t


4






.«46*




Mi -•
###PAGE###5###



m


à




i
Service Announcements
Look Here
Mid-Summer Items
Of Outstanding Values
CouJtd
Sunday, August 1st,
For Sale, Wants, Fourni,
Lost, etc.
ri %%
^ dteeun. ***-
Sepafaufa?
| yUAwv-y r 3 unitkd Church
- | R*v A F. Pokes H A . H D. pAilo,
11.00 a, m —Service at Shaw ville
2 00 p. m -Service at Xion 3,30 |>. m—Service at Stark

\ A
l-OST--Bètween Shawville and Weir-’ stead on Thursday. July 22ml, a eus-tnon belonging to Chesterfield suite. Kinder kindly inform Mrs, Ebert 1‘Kattie, Weirstead. Telephone, 12 23.
« Cor
&
ners.
At all these services the pastor will oreach
FOR SALE- ............... b„. I	“ S1'’"n"
Apply to Donald Fraser, at R C. __________________.
Morrison’s residence, Shaw ville.	I
Relax in Slacks
Ladies' navy blue slacks, sizes 14 to 20,
Ledits’ special tailored slacks, in blue grey and rose

$1.35

ANGLICAN
Rkv. K. G. Holton, BA., L.T*.
St. Paul’s
Holy Communion—11.00 a. ra. Evening Prayer—7.30 p. in.
Holy Trinity
Sunday School— 2.30 p. m.
Evening Prayer—3.15 p. m.
St. Luke*
Holy Communion—2 00 p. m,
No confirmation class .until August 10th.
$1.60
*
LOST—In Shawvillc on evening of July 10th, purse containing a auui of money in bills, and other paper*. Finder kindly leave at the Equity Office Reward offered.
• • • • • e
• •
Men’s Sport Suits
I,
u
, ;

flC

(jal>ardine Sport Suits in tan, fawn and brown Extra special


I *
1 ^
<

. $10.00
LOST— Between	Shawvillc
Quyon on No. 8 Highway, 10 inch Ford wheel, grey. Finder write 1\ O. Box 01, Quyon, Que. Reward offered
and
m
*****


4 Men’s Sport Pants
¦ Gabardine*, tropicals, flannels,... $2.39 to $5.50
1 Men’s tropic Wear Sport Shirts
| A splendid shirt for warm days.... $1.60 to $2.35
ÿwi


%
FOR SALE—Frost and Wood Hay Loader. Price $35.00. Telephone 4531, Shawville.
W.T
4 «**
YOU WOULD BE PERFECTLY SAFE WITH A zTT A.zi//f
WANTED—A good general servant who can cook. Family of five adults Wages, $40.00 per month. All modern conveniences. Apply McNaughton, Norway Bay. Que.
North Clarendon Parish Rev. P, R. Stotk in charge
Charteria—
Holy Communion—-10.30 a. in-
to M ns. F. M. A.
Swim for Health and Relaxation
#
You can select your Swim Trunks, from large and complete assortment .. $149 to $2.49
Boys' Woollen Bathing Trunks, dark wine and black
a
STRAYED-From the farm of Wei-1 Greermount lington Armstrong. East of Shawville, now rented by R. J. Hamilton, on July 12th, one black cow. Last seen in Zion | Thorne Centre section. Anyone giving information of her whereabouts, will t>e thankfully received by R. J Hamilton, Shawville. | North Onslow — phone 130.
Of course, you wouldn't operate	This is only one outstanding feature
your separator in the best room of	of the Renfrew Separator. Others
the house. This is just to impress you	include the low supply tank, ease of
with the absolute cleanliness of a	operation, close skimming — and
Renfrew. No splashing of oil—no	highest quality and performance at
greasy, insanitary, fly-attracting mix- a reasonable price, ture of oil and milk, making a mess	You can buy your Renfrew	from the 4
of both machine and floor. The oil	man you know—Renfrew's	own rep-
necessary to the operation of a	resentative in your neighborhood.
Renfrew goes in at the top and re-	He is responsible to you	and we
mains inside until it is time to	stand behind him and all	the Rea-
chhnge it
RANGES • HEATERS # WASH-RITES • TRUCK-SCALES * INCUBATORS
Evening Prayer--3.00 p. m.
Evening Prayer—7 30 p. m.
$1.59
Womens Crepe Swim Suits, rose, blue and wine $3.00
Tuesday, August' 3rd— Evening Prayer—7.30
LOST—In Shawville on or about June 24th, lady’s brown tweed mat. Finder kindly return to mbs. 11. J. HaMILT >n, Shawville
Childrens Clothes
Fancy Sun Suits, 4 to 6 years ..-:.......
Boys Striped Jerseys, a large assortment of colors 4 to 6 years
frew products he sells.
Clarendon Circuit
Ukv. N T. Holmes. B.A., B.I). Pastor Service at Kid ford—11.uu a m. Service at Biistol—3 00 p. in. Service at Yarn—8.00 p. in.
49c
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY LIMITED RENFREW OUT
SUSSEX N.B.
FOR SALE— Grade Holstein Dull, 2 years old. Apply to QrmuRY Tubman, Caldwell, Que.
49c
ST.JOHNS P.Q.
# •
REGINA SASH.
Bristol United Church Lay Minister :^-Mr. Leslie Dean Anniversary Services St. Andrews
10.00	a. m—Sunday School
11.00	a. m.—Service
Guest speaker, Rev, (J. D/Donald. 8.00 p. m—Guest speaker, Rev. U. A. Sales.
‘ «Service at Knox ami Austin withdrawn.
FOR SALE—One pure-bred Short-born Bull, yearling. Apply to Hilliard Beattie, Onslow Corners, phone 12 21.
LEO R. KEON
DISTIII CT U EPR ES EN TAT l V E
McKee • Quebec
SPECIAL
SALE
N
?É >
n
i,-------------------—
t Wilson’s Garage
é
£
Tl)e Same Reliable Service
N
ï
Teachers Wanted
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
R
Qualified Protesta tit Teacher for Dur.-raven School, Municipality of Calumet, dissentient. Duties to commence 1st. Salary $75.OQ j.er M'<U\
L E. SMITH, Stcretary Treasurer
VfttopVelld Bay, Que
i

WANTED
Clark’s Assorted Soups
Ford Service
to
I
#
25 cents .. 49	“
90	“
I

Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
J. P0 Wilson
Main Street Shawville Quebec
Phone 10
G
Three tins for Six tins for Twelve tins for
W e suggest, place your order Tally while our assortment is still large. We reserve the right to limit quantities or to withdraw this sale at any time,
‘
l
Large quantity of
• III
l
Teachers Wanted
RAILROAD TIES
I
Three Protestant Teachers in Joan* township, near lîouyn. Living quarters in schools. Salary 870.00 per month. Term ten months, j stating qualificatimis, age etc, to
C. W. DICKSON,
Varro, Que.
i nes
. A
Appl)
PUBLIC NOTICE
Write or telephone
i
I hereby give notice that I will pot be responsible for any debts contracted in my name, without my. written order
JOS. BELANGER.,,
Campbell’s Bay, Quo
#
J. M. ARGUE
i
NOTICE
July -27, 1943

itGlenn, Secretary.Manager of j - Aerial Robin Hoods •	^ Hrwltol Fartners1 Club is soliciting1
l A , ZUgJl the cadeta al Ran- If>iders for barley and oats in order to _ ft do ph Field, Texas, West Point of the take advantage of the government sub*
il	never have a chance to e,dy. If sufficient orders are obtained
, sen rah dYrotv twanging toward the ! l**o cars will be ordered immediately.
| *aJ>* : û7Æzi9‘ th*y would prove mighty da%f6W with a long bow
if the occasion	cme ever arose.
To aid them in cfeyéTeping a sense
of sighting and trajedfofy for the I We wish to expresgonr sincere thanks time when they will sénd Steel spit- Ito 0,lr friends and neighbours for their
ting from the guns of théii* fighting words of sympathy, and deeds of kindi planes, Randolph's tyro pildtÿ learn ness extended to us during Short Tak	'	~~~ *--------------l° be experls with the bow arid a?- | bereavement.
lei$Nf c°IoW A- Jernigan- R»*	PrTVate^Uoyd C.	M I* «elm St.vkIkbâîd fL.ly.
.DURATION |
mm lecdo
w
Vulcanizing
CARDS OF THANKS .
We have just installed Vulcanizers and can
two small
our recent

now repair minor breaks on your tires and large rips
in tubes. Let uà attend to all tire troubles.
your
IN MEMORIAM
i
Smith—In fond and loving memory of a dear son and brother, Flight Sgt J. Edgar Smith, who gave hi* life for his country July 29. 1942. Buried at Lingen on Em*, Germany.
Mother, Fathhr and Brothers
,	. .	. ~	This is called
I cloud shooting.” Another trick the cadets practice is sinking arrows in two-inch target at 100 feet. One of these days they’ll be the Robin Hoods of the air.
Try a new McGoritiioDeering Cream
Separator now
It will put DOLLARS in your pocket
a
A New Senaional Leg Tint
The perfect substitute for sheer hosiery. It won't rub oè in the rain, or prevent tanning. -
ir
or spot

.CAMP MACDONALD
Horigins Garage
Add Water, Eat
a®
meal, mer< ,y by adding water cereals arc cooked until they tain no more than 12 per cent , ture. wy are then packed in tainers and sent to the far outposts where by adding the wa-
el,u= ¦= -»•
Only 45 cents
Per bottle
"	for young people and adults
. fu9* £edar Lodge, Lake Metnphramagoa
of special interest to Community School & Farm Fôrum leaders.
Aijg 21 Sept. 6, off the Macdonald College Campus, Ste. Anne
do . etlevue oealing with community, recreation and adult education leadership.
A VACATION •
Aug. 2
I
Chevrolet, Buick, Oldsmobile
Sales ~ Service
THE CORNER STORE
oat-
The
A LfcAKMXt. tAi Kiuf.NU •
SPECIAL WEEK ENDS
1 or particulars rite he camp director, n. ALEX. SIM *
Arfufl Mural ion Service. M.,« «lona 'd Colle*®, P. O.
con-mois-con-flung «
Estate Mrs, M. G. Howard
Main and Centre Sts. SHAWVILLE
i

*
Phone 64
Quebec
/
WWNVn












###PAGE###6###


%=0

4
VOICE
“Sky Train” Flics
Over the Atlantic
Commentary on Current Events
THE WAR • WEEK
save
THE
O F
PRESS
The Greatest and Most Daring Undertaking In Military History
Mf yeer<lg0Mtte meney
Loaded Air • Freight Glider Towed for 3,500 Mile#
THEY'RE SEEING THE WORLD
From "Somewhere in Australia"
of the arrival of a
double

comes news	¦¦¦¦i
detachment of American soldiers I from the Yukon, who since March I 4 6 of last year have traveled 23,- I 000 miles and have undergone I 150-degree variations in temper- I ature—from 68 below xero to I the scorching heat of the Equa- I tor. “Join the armed forces and the world” means what it says
Montreal Gazette. I
Giraud is in the United States. For another, General Eisenhower has just warned the French people to keep cool and wait for word from the Allies.
The Allies undoubtedly have not moved without good information and thorough preparation. The incessant bombing of Sicilian airfields and of Messina—gateway to the mainland—has destroyed or badly damaged vital links in the defense of the island, and air control will give them immense advantages, and if this has been managed with the skill and co-ordination as
A freight-loaded glider recently towed across the Atlantic in a successful test of a “sky train” technique opening great possibilities in air transport, the Air Ministry .disclosed. Two of the four pilots in the trail-blazing experiment were Canadians.
The glider was vaccines for Russia, radio, aircraft and motor parts, and was towed by a twin-engined Douglas C-47 transport, a type which the Air Ministry calls Dakota. It completed the 3,500-mile journey in 28 hours.
Planned by Sir Frederick 151 ow-hill, commander-in-chief of tfte R.A.F. Transport Command, preliminary experiments ried out with test hops near Montreal for months before the big transport and its glider headed for the Atlantic, crossing.
à
The Allied armies, which began the Battle of Europe with an in-of Sicily, have auccees-
was
your smoking enjoyment
MOI.	__.PWPIJ
fully accomplished what both
Axis and Allied* spokesmen agree in characterizing as the “greateat and most daring undertaking in military history.” They have firmly established themselves on num-beachheads along a 100-
• Buy MACDONALD S
FINE CUT TOBACCO
. . . enough “Bright Virginia*' in every package to make 44 slhndaid cigarettes*
LARGE PACKAGE ...
INCLUDING TAX
loaded with
<
see
in this war.
evous
mile stretctf of the Sicilian coast, and are now driving into the interior “according to plan,” says The New York Times. More troops, more vehicles, more guns and stores and equipment are pouring into the island across a bridge of ships and under a canopy of protecting aircraft that have virtually blasted the Axis air force from the skies. The
battle for Sicily may be arduous •and, protracted, but the beginning has been auspicious. As one Allied spokesman put it, the invasion has passed the “crisis point.”
More To Come
Therewith the Western Alll
!
A “RIPPING"/ DESCRIPTION
We don't like to inflict this on but The Toronto Star likens is income tax to carpentry: “The taxpayer hammers away at the tackses, adze the figures and files the document. But if honest he doesn't chisel.” That's quits plane, pal; If ha wasn't squats and on the level it wouldn't auger well for him. He'd have to brace himself for a bit of rasping.
—Ottawa Citizen.
Sea
'Macdonald's tk
you,
•1
H l
move
same mÊÊÊÊÊÊÊIKKKÊSKfÊÊ
thet Into North Africa, the defenders will have their hands more then full.
I

I
Xv
t/
19
were car-

*
The Book Shelf

I
STAMM
INVEST WHAT YOU SAVE IN WAR
Had Rough Crossing *
The glider used had a wing-of 84 feet, a freight capac-
FIREDRAKK.
GOODS NEWS
There are two more good things about the Chinese victory. One is that the Chinese are learning
ity of 3,000 pounds and was fastened to its mother ship with steel attachments designed to take a strain of 20,000 pounds.
Pounding its way through bad weather most of the time, the transport and its following glider fnade the trip at mediûm altitudes and at an average*speed of 125 miles per hour.	*
Unable to climb out of the storms encountered on the wgy, the two craft made a rough crossing. At one time they were forced to ride out a snowstorm for 2M hours, when the glider was buffeted “like nothing on earth.”
By A. D. Divine.
This is the story of a ship.
They ^christened ihe Fiiedrake, which means “a mythical, fiery dragon.” I’m a fightfng ship and Pve seen a lot of the world in my short life. Pve been through several hells. Pve oeen blown wide and left for dead—but Pm
EXPLAINED
We read that the cloth saved from men’s trouser cuffs would carpet a broad path from Toronto to Windsor. So that U what they joing to do with it!
—Peterborough Examiner.
MONEY TALKS, BUI — Take a tip from money. It talks, but !t doesn’t give itself Kingston Whig-Standard.
' PRACTICAL POP Some day some father is going to get smart and pass the hat instead of cigars when twins are born.—Guelph Mercury.
to «whom Hitler referred not so long ago as “military idiots," have accomplished what Axis propagandists loudly proclaimed they could not do and what Hitler himself did not dare do. They have invaded enemy territory across a wider stretch of water than the British Channel
that they een beat the Japs, and the other Is that the Japs are learning the same thing.
ship,” but my Captain refused to give up. The crew worked in darkness—water lapping at their heels—live steam everywhere. They shored the metal, stiffened L.y bulging bulkhead* and somewhere kept me afloat. In two days they achieved the impossible - we were under t. ay.
At the moment I am in America being completely overhauled and repaired. Soon I’ll be on the job again.
Firedrake Smithers A Bonelli ....Price $3.60
Pathfinder.
MOTIVES
Scottish miners, to celebrate the victories In Tunisia by the
worked an extra day
art
open
still stubbornly alive.
The big convoy gathered in Gib" raltar. The British Eighth Army in desperate need of supplies.
territory far strongly defended than was
without pay. Ours go on strike to celebrate.—Brandon Sjjn.
more
England after Dunkerque.
They achieved this success with a military precision and co-ordination of all arms, including glider and parachute troops, unequaled in any military campaign. They proved themselves masters of military technique, superior to both the German and Italian defenders, who claimed a monopoly of that science. They demonstrated that amphibious operations, which failed at the Dardanelles and at Dieppe, are not only feasible but with the right technique be not even very costly. Therein lies the guarantee that the Sicilian landing is merely the forerunner of more to come.
away.
was
The enemy launchi ’ their attack. There was no escape. We knew the big one had our ticket c - it—even before it landed.
The damage was unbelievable. The Admiral ordered “abandon
TERRORS OF PEACE
And now we are told of a post-war $400 motor car to be sold at every gasoline station. Peace, too, can have its terrors!
—Ottawa Journal.
No Automatic Pilot
Several interesting generalizations about long glider flights ma<ft available in connec-
By A. D. Divine

* # #
wvi e ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I
tion with the landing. For one thing, it was emphasized that the glider must be flown all the way —there is no automatic pilot— • and the pilot must not for a second take his eye off the tow plane or the tow rope if the plane is in clouds.
When the motored plane is *in clouds the glider pilot gauges things by the so-called “angle of dangle,” in other words, the angle made by the tow rope. The glider should preferably be flown about 20 feet above the tow plane.
The take-off is the most difficult part of the flight. The glider becomes airborne before the tow plane, and should the pilot allow it to get too high thé tail of the latter might be pulled up so that the whole take-off would be ruined. Similarly, if in flight the glider gets too low a drag on the low plane’s tail may cause a dangerous stall.
The glider crew finds life very noisy ' despite the absence of motors. One flier who made this crossing compared the roar to the sound of a freight train on worn tracks—the steady beating of the wheels over the joints.
The crews communicate vis ordinary wireless, switches are kept off to save batteries, and when the tow plane wishes to speak to the glider the pilot waggles his wings.
9



)


SERVING THE UNITED NATIONS WITH WAR ALCOHOL
X::


m


Æ


/S
:
t
can





%
Other Second Fronts?
The anxiety < of the Nazi who exclaimed, “Why don’t the British and Americans come instead of talking about it all the time?” is now partially relieved, the landings in Sicily do not give Berlin any assurance that there will not be other “second fronts” to deal with.
In some respects Sicily has seemed" almost a sure thing inevitable first step, writes the editor of The Christian Sci-Monitor. To the sea-minded
*>

A
?

f

But







x

k



>
i


F
I
war

ence
British especially it stands as the key to the Mediterranesn. So long as the Axis possessed air bases and harbors in the island, Allied shipping could never be wholly fiee from raids. With Sicily in Allied possession, not only is the clear but the Italian boot Itself will lie under the Imminent threat of invasion.
Nazi Dilemma
m '

t

J

I
.<


I
<.V




w
WÂTERWINGS
...1943 STYLE

, i
' eg
I
••¦s.

sea

but the



This will in turn present a difficult choice to Berlin—to be somewhat pulled off balance by sending large forces to defend* a • position far from the Nazi centre of strength, or permit Italy to
become a base for Allied attacks on the Reich. In a measure, the landings in Sicily already offer the Nazis that dilemma. • Apparently they have chosen io fight at least a delaying action in Sicily. But they must have the constant dread that, if they concentrate on the defense of Sicily, the Allies, under cover of their and air control In the Medl-



wmm


iifc.
i
Remember the water wings you used as a kid at the sea shore? Fighting airmen wear them too 4 j» 1943 style at part of their standard equipment. When the flyer hits the water he wastes no precious seconds blowing up his "wings". He simply opens a valve In a small cylinder of compressed carbonic acid gas ...and his !*COi jacket” is inflated for him in a flash. This same useful gas is used to inflate the rubber boats and rafts which,have saved so many lives in all the Seven Seas. Much of this gas comes from our plants, a by-product in the making of War Alcohol. Never before has the need for Alcohol been so urgent. Alcohol is a prime essential In the production of synthetic rubber. Is on important ingrédient for plastics, and is the constant ally of doctors and nurses in their fight against infection. Producing Alcohol is our one all-important war job. All of our plants are working to capacity to produce it.
Hail To The Pig! He Does His Bit
am
»


A «Tribute In The Learning-ton Poet and News
W
The pig—look at him. He roots In the swill pail, he rolls In the mud puddle, he smells like something putrid. You say, “Ugh, the filthy animal." And then he dies. And he becomes a benefactor. Someone twists a rope around his leg and shoos him up an inclined plane to the spot where a man smoking a pipe waits to cut his throat. And, still squealing in a diminishing gurgle, he drops down Into the piL . . .
Now look at him. He comes to your table in long, thin bacon strips, in delicious chops, in tender roasts, in succulent spareribs. He covers your hands and feet with his tough, durable hide. He lingers in the bottle of glue on your writing table. And he goes to war. He wraps his fat around the men who fight la Arctic cold. The Commandos shiver a tittle less because of that protecting fat layer. In icy. water, clinging to a raft, the survivors are those with the most naturll warmth, part of it gained from the pig.	•
When airplanes shoot straight and fast and enemy 'planes fall from the sky, the cartridges have hie impress. His essence is in huge shells that demolish deadly submarines. His greedy feeding, his strength and vigor and warmth, are helping to win the war. Hail to the pig!
'





sea
terranean and with greater mobility, may then strike some other spot left unprotected.
• Divide the Defense
Almost surely the Allies will
They will ex-
ê
GOODERHAM & WORTS LIMITED
strike elsewhere, ploit their advantages by divid-
So sure have
y
ing the defense, the Nazis been that a blow was in southern France that
<
coming
they have moved the population out of Seta and other towns near the Spanish border ing in France seems hardly an immediate probability. For one thing, French troops would surely play a major role, and General
But a land-
*
HQ#
*
*
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LA R FELLERS—A Good Game

ON THE MARCH AGAIN, EH? I'D GET TIRED OF PLAYIN' SOLDIER IF I WAS VOL)/
I'M LOOKIN FOR MY TOY GAS MAST IF IT S ANY BUSINESS OF YOURS.'
WHATCHA LOOKIN' FOR, .LIGHT- WIT ?
'!
I

z
I
h
I
(


0
I
f/1


P
(

I
a •
m
pihhEAD
0VFFYS
CtS&T
MEfFOVf
©;
• »
• f
\
o
r
\
i


#
ml*
\ »
Ban Kite Flying

Nazi occupation authorities have banned kite flying, a favdrTte
past in
to the
•eg v t r* em** *
e of the Dutch, according
nds News Agency.
rlo
? U


I

'
###PAGE###7###
y
* *
BUNNY HUG
TABLE TALKS
i
afterwards,” aha* re-
BgSIwtility counts most—for that
rich, satisfying flavour which only a fine quality tea yields, use
enough
“If it’s a proper quarrel yoo want, have it !M he blazed. “Keep your inferndl windbag and make the beat ot him!"
"Now Ferdinando wants to put me in a niche like a saint, and worship me from his lowest level/* she mocked. “You don't love me ¦ little bit, Don Dickie—not in the way I expect to be loved."
“ Well, would your famous Dictator forego hi» ambitions for sake?” Dickie sneered, hat-
SADIE B. CHAMBERS
WARTIME CANNINO (Continued)
i
c
* #
i
Equipment—
Equipment should	bv—Sharp
knives, colander, bowls, measuring cups, towels, enamel pie plates, wooden spoons, a whlo mouthed funnel for filling sealers, and a lifter tp save burned fing-
w


i

one
- *


>1
era.
WBHggm .ifpMappa^M
Inf? himself for his sheer brutal-
The. sterilizer may be the Cornwall boiler or preserving kettle, pressure cooker or the ov-
mon
ity.
“If he sacrificed one single ambition I should hate him—hate him!" she flashed. “But he will not. Do you hear, he will not? As you will see in a week's

•fl.
Containers--	,
Several makes of glass sealera
available, screw top. and vacuum type. All are equally satisfactory, if they can be made completely airtight.
To finish a perfect seal, a seal er for use in canning should have a smooth rim and tight fitting cover. Test each sealer before you use it. See that It Is not cracked. See that there are no chips in the rim of sealer or cover. Fill the sealers with water, adjust the rubber,* sear and invert a few minutée to test for leakage. Be sure the wire spring of a spring top sealer springs into position with
New metal screw caps
cided that he like d him.
Young Barker took life far leas seriously than hie older brother of the mailboat service; he was in his first command and apt to forget at times that he was no longer a carefree boy.
Dickie invited the Falleiros and Barker to dinner at the Consulate; asked Dolores to find a girl of her acquaintance with whom Fred Barker could dance. The other girl, Juanita Ollarcho, deep brunette, obviously chosen by Dolores as a contrast; and to some extent in awe of the company amongst which she found herself. But it was she who threw Ferdinando lafallette into the conversation as a bone is thrown among a pack of previously peaceful hounds.
"He is adorable," she tittered. “There is not a young woman in the city who is not in love with
him.*
Hang
thought; hang him as high as Ha-
crafty:	securing
KING HIGGINS
are
By
tim
CAPTAIN FRANK H.# SHAW
*
Instantly Dickie was cool as Ice again.
“That is to say—" stammered Dolores, “aa you will see one day
or other.”	,
“I’ve got to pretend I didn’t
hear that," Dickie thought and exercised his entire self-control.
Since to alter his manner must have shown he had accepted her unconscious statement, he said: “Dictators and kings and such
trick of forgetting old
CHAPTER XVII “Look out!" cmae
whisper. Footstep# were just audible. A man stepped by, vanished.
The two watchers waited until discretion was satisfied; then they
got upright again.
“Anyhow, there’s some place
at the end," said Wynne. “1 thought it was a trade of sorts.”
Apparently the path was mere' ly a jungle trail, providing a short cut to a beach that had fishing possibilities from some isolated settlement inland. Then, quite without warning, they stumbled over barbed wire enchasing
a squat house. .
“It would hold a lot of rifles,"
said Wynne.	~
“Probably does; I’d like to get
inside," said Dickie.
“Hist!" whispered Wynne, cowering instinctively. Someone
was approaching this solitary place, and not from s@*ward. More than one man formed the
JIMMY RAISES RABBITS for fun and	/
pocket money. Works bard on his Dad’s / _	. 1
farm, walks a mile to school. Mile and a	/ A ^ SfÇuf SL /
half to the store tor Kellogg's Corn	/ I M
Flakes too, but Jimmie’s glad to go.	VlJD Aft ftS#* 1
"They're everybody's favourite in our	/	ft,	W If &J
house,'9 he says, "I have a dish anytime	/	M	a *1 if	f	]
I’m hungry.'9 Kellogg's Corn Flakes are	/	9	Ma 1	^	J
ready to eat in 30 seconds, leave no '	/	\ Hlft A	i	f	I
pots and pans to wash up after. They're / /% A	/
easy to digest and economical, too.	/\ y,',*7tebs.W	/
Better get some tomorrow. Two	L	% L_
convenient sizes. Made by Kellogg's	^
in London, Canada.	/N
was a
5

have a IP promises once ambition is rcal-
ized."	, w „
“It’s because you fear Fvrdl-
nando,'9 she whipped back at him* "You, who have ruled like a little
tin god—
"You've
a snap.
should replace those which have become cracked or corroded.
Rubber Rings—
Rubber rings are an important part of canning equipment. To be effective the rubber ring must be pliant. For a good seal It is necessary to have the proper sized ring for the sealer used. The fcox-
plainly marked and the
not inter-
probably » borrowed that from Senor Lafallette,” said Dickie. “You are too newly back to know what I do or'don’t do."
"It is common report—King Higgins. King Higgins! Bah; you
think the money you have caused to he Invested in Hiyatala gives
a right to you to impose your will on free Hiyatalans!"
"Well, at all events, I did get the cash invested, my deaf spitfire."
The cessation of music interrupted that dynamic quarrel.
thinking:
3»
ms
fellow 1 Dickie*
the
r/M/F-

es are
types of rings are changeable. Wide rings fit spring top scalers. Narrow rings fit screw
top sealers.
It is preferable that new rings should be used each year, how-
retatn their elasticity
man ! He was feminine interest so that the senoritas would persuade their
cavaliers to support him!
• • •
fhoni the oven one at a time
if stretched and so shrukl not be tested in this way. Some types of sealer have a sealing composition the metal disk top. For these sealers use new caps each year.
Preparation—
move for filling.
party.	V.
The newcomers seemed care-
lesd of concealment; one of them
whistled what might have been
a signal.
But, to soothe the Consul’s ire, Dolores was particularly gracious
to him.	.
"You know, Don Dickie, if 1
hadn’t given all my heart to Fer-dinando, • I might have found a There was no reply to the corner 0f it for you—in a daugh-
whistle. It was repeated.	terly way !"
"He is not here, one of the I	,,% y you hadn’t been bewitched
men remarked.	b that—that—by the excellent
“May the devil take him. said	lafallette," almost roared
an impatient voice, the sound of I	—I’d
•which caused Dickie’s heart to I	««gpânk me?"
give a queer leap inside his chest.	m^o, force you to love me the
"There is no haste—to-night,	I	w	t{iat i i0ve	you," he	found
said the first speaker.	,	I	himself saying.	.
“But there are other nights,! I *«^; No woman was ever forc-One weak link in the organa-	ed	inUJ love# Don Dickie ; we fall
tion might mean failure, said	lQ	headlong and	lose our	heads.
Lafallette. “It must he seen to. ' Haye you forgotten the Many
Flowers and—everything?"
"Still set on marrying

t
ever some
and are thus suitable for re-use.
is valuable, therefore
letter» from I » te re* ted reader». She I» pleased te receive -us*e»tlo»a •a topi*** for her column, sud I»
wish a
on
I
Rubber
great care should be taken in a tor- I lng usable rings. On removal from the sealer they should be washed | and dried immediately, then laid
they will not lose their shape. Keep rubber rings In a dry place away from light.
Old type rings are tested by bending double. An unsatisfactory ring will crack. A second test is stretching. A good ring will stretch back. The war-grade rubber ring # being manufactured is not as elastic as the old type but makes a satisfactory seal These rings will not return to shape and may break
*
Dick Higgins was You rabid little angel; so for a week hence, Is It? All right:
forewarned is forearmed."
Four days later, in the afternoon, Fred Barker came ashore to clear his ship prior to sailing before sunset.
"I want to thank you for a
great time, sir," he acknowledgin': a pity all Consuls aren't
like you; but believe me, they are Most of them haven't time - take any interest in freighter-skipper»."
Dickie laughed, you’ve enjoyed yourself,** he said.
"Well, I hope you have a pleasant
voyage, Skipper."
(Continued Next Week)
be done while fruits and vegetables are being prepared. Wash sealers thoroughly.
For water sterilization half fill each jar with cold water, place glass tops In position and stand the sealers on the rack in the boiler. Surround with cold water, bring to boiling point and boil 15 minutes. Keep the sealers hot until ready to fill. For oven sterilisation place empty sealers and glass tops on a tray in the ovew Sterilize 30 minutes at 275F. Re-
This may
it's
Toronto/' Send drrMfd envelope If you reply.
flat so
99
Paraffin Your Lemons
To keep lemons -or a considerable length of time coat them lightly with paraffin, Qsing a small brush. When it is desired to remove the paraffin, heat them slightly and it will roll off. #
ed.
i
not.
"So long as
• But if Dickie had hoped to eavesdrop sufficiently to get the place and date of the forthcoming rising—and he was certain «he remarks did refer to a rising
—he was disappointed.
Just as the position was growing untenable, the keeper of the hut returned, was softly .challenged by Lafallette'» party.
"But it was arranged that I should keep a lookout for Gas
pordo," he explained.
"Gaspardo is not running tonight, vagabond." Dickie heard him unfasten the door. Not until they were within the 'buiiuing with the door barred—the watch-heard the heavy bolts drawn from inside—was s light kindled.
"We might have rough-housed the lot,” said Wynne bloodthirstily. "What do we do now, sir?" 'We may as well clear out,
he said.	.i
They got back to the launch,
where the flickering pocket tor# brought Manuel promptly.
"Wasted evening, I'm afraid, ¦far," said Wynne, as they sat over a nightcap in the Consulate. 'Tm not so sure—I'm not so
"Listen to
him?"
he grated.
"If only he considers me gn at
COOL SUMMER TOGS
• 2030
Hi
Air Force Use»
Glass Kite String

J
SIZES
i-e
A kite string of glass yam is used with the box kite that carries aloft the antenna of the radio transmitter developed by the Army Air Forcse to summon help for fliers forced to make crash landings at sea, says The New York Times.
The complete transmitter includes the sending set, an ordi-cloth-and-wood frame box antenna consisting of
wire wound
•'T,
|
w
o
v 1 '

I \
P,


nary kite, an
very fine copper ground the glass kite string, two balloons and capsules of compressed hydrogen. The balloons, inflated with hydrogen, can be used to carry the antenna aloft in the event of a calm.
Glass is used for the string be cause of its strength in proportion to its weight, and because it will not rot or otherwise deteriorate from the effects of salt water, tropic sunlight, rain or dampness. With a hand crank to generate , current the transmitter automatically grinds out the SOS signal on 600 kilocycles, the international distress frequency*
%
4
or
à
t
I

sure," said Dickie.
!”
il 1

The SÆ. Tarragons arrived at Sen Josef; and when C aptam Fred Barker made his number at the Consulate, Dick Higgins de-

t
* ssssggglggSS
.u	v. — __b«ttU °f combat, convoy, and product^».
. Her
ISSUE No. 30—43
*nd da
B
May Bomb Rome; Not Vatican City
total
%
We could, by one sharp raid, shatter the fantastic immunity which Rome has enjoyed in this of cities, says an English paper. ' The emphasis must be Rome—not the - Vatican Rome is one of the greatest military targets in the world war. It is the centre of the Italian war administration. It is an important railway centre. It has great barracks and a vast airfield. Our bombing technique is such that Rome can be bombed without hurting the Vatican City. That knowledge will console all those who would otherwise recoil from a military expedient which might distress to Catholics all the world. At the forefront

1
i
supplies e to Britain.

2533

S1ZELS
4» — i o
City.



that pkiaforee are all the rage,
Sf US Sr* 5
eludes both the pretty pinnie and ^Styîe" No. 2030 is designed for
st&SfSfc
*1.52 SENDS 300
"BRITISH COMMIS", "USIOM". I " HACDOKAIO’S NINTH01”, SCOTCH HINDI" or ’WORT"

aa of old while the quaint charm inqed. We cordially invite ^ lflda to riritns again when #
bring
over WHWBBWBBBWW
of our thoughts must be the conservation of the lives of our men, sailors, and soldiers, warlike citv of Rome still stand* unchallenged. Its testing might shorten the war by an m calculable measure.
er 1
1
nne curst
air-
The
CANADIANS M UNITED KINGDOM fO*CES
"4 H5sa issu a
35-inch for pinafore *nd

lei—

sixes
£â£c keeps ^
vsrds
k°a£d TWENTY CENTS (SO.)
n sr jarri
to state size you wish.
The U. 8. Army Service Fort* handles more merchandise than other organization in world
aay
history.
###PAGE###8###


f


*
X.

, -
V

—
/ Wyman Women's Institute
1

The July meeting of the Wyman Women's Institute whs held nt the home of Mrs. (menge Me Id mm, when a pleasant evening wa* enjoyed. The prehident. Miss» Prit* ( hard presided, assisted by \lri MaeKevhnie, ac ting ns secretary.
The meeting opened by the salutation to tile h ig followed with the National Anthem, then the luual older.
Iû I'tsp.Wie to the roll Call, happy memories were recalled when “naming an Institute you vi-ited out of your own district.”
After the business session, let*, ters were read from hoys oveiseas, while Mis® Pritchard presented nil interesting teporfc of Women's Institute Hoard Meeting, held at Macdonald College in June, instead of the usual annual Convention,
I A helpful reading, entitled You” was given by Mis. Mac-Kechnie after wliivh all joined in n sing-song. Ilefreshments were served by the hostess, assisted by a number of young ladies,


0

\
% \
I /
/ av
zv N^»
11 ' loOfc ~
' 0


' * Vy
V
"AY

K 1
# ^
t •»
'Mv.
»o
ill )
i \

\
*5
1 -v<\
\
W\ K ' >, X ^ Vs
X
I I «h « I

• Vï

* f
M %

.'itNVwV \'; x
» X. (
f %

l;
Si
tN

*
i »
%


H y// r.
Z f

n
/'V


1

v

W\>
JriiSiLl

/ # j I s

\


* +\ \
• t * * I
I •
>»
• i Ué •
• f i » 0
/ *
f
4

•-
f/0 /V» 1
%
Xn
#

*
< y.
• 1 ...

r
1


The Present Position
Si

*



')))*
\
Mrs. John Gibson Dies at the Age o( 69



' 4. -1
After an illness of about three year», Mrs. John Gibson, widow of the late John Gib-n^i passed away at the home of Mrs. Ernest Sparling, North Clarendon, in her (With year. She was born in North Clarendon, being the daughter of the late Mr. and*Mis. John Greer. When she was married 40 yea is hgo, they went to live at Camp, bell’s Bay, where she spent most of her life and where her husband pre*deceased her in lt>33 Left to mourn her loss are one daughter. Mrs. Leo Bartrand, of Fort Con longe; three brothers. Chief, of Police Moses Greer, of Renfrew, and Joseph aim William Henry Greer, inf N< rtli Clarendon, and two sisters, Mrs. John Ravelin, of Clarendon.* and Mrs. W.T. Laughren, of Hamilton, ! Out.
She was a member of the United Church.
The funeral was held at the Hayes Funeral Parloi s tin Monday | afternoon by Rev. L O B int,
Fort C allonge. 1ÉM was made in the United Chinch | , Cemetery at Campbell's pill bas vers hei
Robert
4
/
1
%

* 1
1
-*
More than three years of War have had far-reaching effects on every phase of Canadian life and activity. To some they have brought irreparable losses; to others private griefs and anxieties beyond description; to all, new conceptions of sacrifice and self-discipline.
In the realm of business, as elsewhere, problems of every kind and description have arisen and have had to be faced with resolution and presight. Adjustments to new and sometimes unpleasant
conditions have had to be made. Personal convenience and advantage have had to be subordinated to the interests of whole communities.
X
I
i
"k
%
r
•«4 ri w
» ?




%


I

All this has been done with fortitude and patience, as becomes a people engaged in the most serious task of their generation. Often where criticism has been made, it has been dispelled by information and explanation.
The Quebec Liquor Commission has encountered its full share of difficulty in the conduct of its operations, and this has reflected itself in the steps it has been under the compulsion of taking to deal with the situation confronting it. It is well aware that inconvenience to the public has in many instances attended the actions it has been forced to take, but it is confident that once the facts are known, understanding and approval will follow.
Along with this narrowing of the sources of supply there has been a much larger demand than ever before experienced. War has few pleasant features, but the widespread employment which it has created has placed many of our people in a •better position financially than they have ever previously been.
t
of
«ml interment
k 4*#
Perhaps naturally this prosperity has carried with it a desire to spend more, or at least to have more of the luxuries of life than were available m other days. Perhaps also the stress and strain of war work as well as anxieties engendered by the war itself have contributed, ever the cause or combination of causes, the fact is that all over Canada there was, in comparison with pre-war days, a tremendous increase in the purchases of alcoholic beverages, and it is undoubted that if left unchecked, this T^ase^would have continued.
Biv. the v Bov Gibbon, Hrtvvlin. Andrew Hivgli:),
and Tli >iu is A'ubvi <i>.i
M
But what-
• »
Gas Hoarders Endanger
Lives of Many Persons
» Nç homemjker or her husband would leave a keg of JNJ jp thç basement, but if gasoline rationing has prompted gas hoarding in the ?—house, the home owners had better move out into the garage, cautions Miss Gladys Ward, home management specialist, University of Illinois College of agriculture. _Thi§ also holds for can oT gasoline that's ig stored in à dark closet.
The Quebec Liquor Commission does not manufacture any of its wires. It is neither a distiller, nor a brewer, nor a wine producer. These are produced by private manufacturers here in Canada and abroad. The nearest approach it comes to being a producer, is as a blender and bottler of spirits and a bottler of wines, and this is only a minor part of the Commission’s activities.
While the Commission prudently carries some reserve stocks of spirits and wines, it has no means of replenishing these, except from the stocks of the producers.
As is well known, some commodities cannot now be obtained at all, others, because of transit hazards and war difficulties only in restricted quantities which cannot be
foretold, and others, owing to Dominion Government
restrictions, only ki a small proportion to what used in previous years. '
41 : —rr ¦f-rriwiii flj, i,i
All of these factors

t
%
me

%
There has thus been -an ever widening gap between existing demand and supplies available. To draw reserves would be only à temporary expedient, making the last condition worse than the first, and since difficulty in obtaining supplies is much more likely to grow rather than lessen, the wise step in order to secure continuity of service—which is the same thing as saying in the interest of the purchasers themselves—is to avoid as far as possible drawing on reserve stocks and limiting sales to the lowest reasonable minimum.	£51 • *. r£v
. a-	•. *
In the last analysis, however, such a plan, sensible and proper as in the circumstances it obviously is, must have the sincere co-operation of the purchasing public. Purchasers should, if for no other than selfish reasons, restrict severely their purchases of alcoholic beverages just as they have to do with so many other articles to which they have become accustomed. The Quebec Liquor Commission earnestly hopes they will do so.

«
on
5#
-- ?
i
ft


• i
"3
ft*. . îH»
Gasoline, because of its high ex-p]psiy§ character, has come to be termed “liquid dynamite** and is considered çven morç treacherous than dynamite or TNT. À regulation of the state department of public safety, Springfield, as a means of counteracting the careless storage of gasoline, states that “for per-
sopl <?r private yes tofi pjnoynl of
gasoline, benzol, fiaphtha, benzine and crude petroleum should not exceed five gallons and must be stored in an approved safety container, re-
£?!:	Sam? <>f,PE5n Ar*' *rw
stcr?£- ÜV.L., „vi oe in any cellar, basement or pit and should be in a room with direct ventilation to the
nreferably in an out-
<-*roction
y*

was
•'v l k»
rr
combine to limit severely present supplies and to render future supplies difficult of judgment. Further, the strong probability is that instead of being easier to obtain they will, as time goes on, become increasingly difficult. None of these factors is under the control of the Quebec Liquor Commission.
*
»

'
ft

A
I

r
wii
x




»—
building or	An »«_._____
bf this public safety regulation Câf* ries a penalty of from $10 to $5d



/






Published by
fine.




.
xnojp pêôplê do not reâiiîé that gasoline vapor Is heavier than air and that it can creep along the ground like a phantom stream for a considerable distance. Thus considerable volatile gas can.be present in a room before a person can detect it, and if any type of spark or flame is present, a terrific explosion may take place.
tÊtm
- r »
Y'
QUEBEC LT^,'(jor COMMISSION
%
,
/
m
JL


V

i y -
»
LC1
/
- ~ **

Too Cold to Snow’ Said Not Completely Accurate
Most heavy snows occur in connection with a general cyclonic storm i.e., a traveling atmospheric disturbance usually several hundred miles across in which the barometric pressure is relatively low and the winds (in the northern hemisphere) circulate in a counter-clockwise direction aiQUnd thç center ; the storm InûvéS fjOm a Westerly toward
easterly airection, and the snow
in the forward portion of tv where the winds are fr' easterly directin'
fore relative!*
As the
Portugal's Imports
The things lacking from Portugal’s domestic larder are indicated by items of food imports—whea* rice, sugar, coffee and Other wants include • dyes. Wheat yie1 ing toward needs. •
!
uie
FOR MORE MILK
corn, dried cod. *-aw cotton and ,.us have been mov-satisfactîon of home iMew- and improved roads . ,.ted interest in motor cars, and petrol’» (gasoline to Americans! appeared among the imports. Great | Britain, traditional friend, has long ranked first in foreign trade. Next in order have been Germany, the United States, Belgium and France War is changing old positions.
Keep your Buildings in repair with—


% •
#
Protect your cows from flies with
4*
wiie
Gyp roc Instil brie Masonite Donnaconna
an
Purina Fly Spray

^ *dlls storm southerly ,vd8 and are there-
i
Safe, economical, easy to apply
or

&
Asphalt Shingles
, inild.
char'" _ storm passes, the winds **	^e to northwesterly and hence
^re relatively cold; that is, precipitation comes with relatively warm easterly or southerly winds and clear weather follows with relatively cold northwesterly winds, winter wind is from the northwest it is cold and at the same time the wrong direction (in the wrong part of the storm area) ^ to give snow, says the U. S. Weather bureau.
This is the presumable origin of the belief that “it is too cold to snow." This statement, however, is not literally true, because light snows can and do occur at any temperature whatever below freezing, and it happens occasionally that heavy snows occur whe^ the surface air is quite
hold,	' -«• ----- - • -
L
A complete line ot feeds always on band
See the difference
PURINA makes
Roll Roofing
!
Building Paper Lime and Cement Rockwool Insulation
Among Other Things	Z
-Portugal’s fortunes as a world % power rose in a golden tide from a the daring of her navigators and ex- Jj plorers. What Vasco da Gama and & his men started, in rounding the g Cape of Good Hope and blazing the % trail to India, was carried on g by other voyages and ventures. Johr 3 [II boasted that he was “King, by @ the Grace of God, of Portugal and % )f the Algarves, both on this side of § he sea and beyond in Africa, Lord X tf Guinea and of Conquest, Naviga- 5 ew..., and Commerce,- of Ethif-pio. X Xrabia, Persia, and India." For got* | f treasure he cruld \ . »ve adde X the VU -s, Mr id ’ Vu L



1
If, then, the
A
?
iC'J
The Mill will be open until 9.30 Satiyday nights
until further notice
The Hodgins Lumber Co-
SHAWVILLE MILLING COMPANY, Reg.
1




_
