###PAGE###1###
r '



<

PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 26th, 1»42
SHAWVILLE
No. 27 AOrii Via:
fc=

GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Fire at Clarendon Hotel
DIED
#E
NURSES
Pratt’s Poultry Regulator
and
Stock Tonic
Clarendon Hotel was threatened Twolan—At Bristol Mine?, Que., by Hie on Saturday at mid night.	on Wednesday, evening, FVb’y
when an overheated furnace pipe 18, Margaret Fitzsimuns.
Ignited a beam in the cellar, volun	e<l wife of the late William
teer tire fighters quickly lespond-	Tvvolan, in her 83rd year. The
ed to the alarm, given by tele-	funeral was held on Saturday
phone, and the file wa« soon	morning from the late home o*
subdued, damage being almost	the deceased to Saint Edward
negligible.	| the Confessor a Church and
¦6	¦MHMIWÊKÊÊÊIKM	Requiem
high mass was chanted by Rev.
E L. Enright, P. P. Interment
was in the parish cemetery.
belov-
Corner Bank ard Somerset Streets
Ottawa Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to large and finer premises The finest and most
‘__„JÜ Attend a school with an established ieputation Open al 1 year.
Victoria Hospital, RENFREW
Can accept two more students in their training school starting
EARLY IN MARCH
i
modern in Ontario
High School Team Defeat Fort Coulonge

H.W. BRAITHWAITk
Principal
W.I.COWUMC
President
Egg Producer •
Worm Capsules Roost Paint Powdered Lice Killer Roup and Gape Remedy Cow, Horse and Hog Powders
stir1
In nil exhibition game at Shawville arena on night, the High School team defeated a team from Fort Conlonge
by a score of 0 to 4.	I Mrs. Mell McNecley spent the
The scorers for the vi si to is were, ive€,|c.en^ with relatives in Ottawa. P. Davis 2, L Romain and A. R-jz-	¦
eau, 1 each. For Shawville John Hrough led with 8, Gibson, Camp, bell and Young, 1 each.
Jm&SÈZ I
ttomn'm; sub«, A Rnzeiui and h UepUin and Mrs. Arthur Barnee,
aSsrtS&'srBM s ass «rawSfSBT
Rrough ; forward®, H. McCredie, 4\jr. \y B, Sturgeon, of Noyan, ti. Gibson and R. McCredie; C. Que e visited his relatives in this Corrigan, U Campbell, J. i onng | district for a few days during the
past week.
(jollifications : Not less than four Middle School subjects ; age 18 years or over.
PERSONAL MENTION
av
JAMES A. MILLAR
I	B.A.. L. L.L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
12© Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyla’s£Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning Al PontiacHouse,Shawville every ? ’ Wednesday at Noon

APPLY TO
ELLEDA B. WALSH
Superintendent - Renfrew
Mr. Arnold Chlanell, of Sudbury, is visiting his parents, Mr. and Mr», XV. G Chisnell, this week.

f

MARRIED
HARLAND C. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate oi McGill Vniversify
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Howard-Fare
SHAWVILLE HARDWARE STORE
state C. J. Caldwell
Our Lady of Protection Church, Nornnda, Que , was the scene of a I quiet but very pretty wedding on Ac. Raymond Lynch, R.C, A. F., Thursday, Feb y 5th, when Miss Toronto, spent a short furlough Marie Augustine Paré, of Calumet with his parent®, Mr. and Mrs. Island, Que., became the bride of Trueman Lynch, recently.	| Mr. Lenniu Anson Howard, of
and R. Ren nick.	Jf
Referees- J. C. Gordon and J. W.
Howard.

*

-»

J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Native of Campbell* • Bay Dies at Cleveland Ohio

Ac Georgii Barber, R.ÇÀ.F., of The ceremony was solemnized Mountain View, visited at the Rev# p*khat. The witnesses home of his mother, Mrs BruceL/ape MrSe Thomas McGregor, of ¦¦¦ , ¦ , ,	Barber	fur the past week.	Noranda, Que, and Mr. Eddie
¦ assageas»*..
8 re four brother*, Andrew R- d»nghter of Mr. and Mr*. An.tin Mr* J. B. A turn, of Quyon, Que.,
»». js ssst^aa
Flood, of Houston, Texas and Pte. hn the Women’s Auxiliary of the Out. was fojnmiaed on Saturday, Wilfred Flood, serving overseas. Roya, Canadian Air Force.	February il. at City V lew, w ith
The funeral was held on Friday, y	Rev, H, Todd officiating.
Feb*v 13th. Service was conduct- Mr. J.H. Keith Watt, son of Mr. The bride who was unattended, ed at St John the Evangelist rtDd Mrs. John )Vatt, of WalthamJehoce a model dress of turauoise Church and was largely attended. Que., has recently returned from blue crepe with small black hat ¦	¦ I	Chicago., III. where he has atten- Lnd black accessories. She wore
I ded the Associated practical shops, a shoulder bocpiet of pink roses.
Keith has been successful in ob Immediately alter the ceremony taining his Diploma for Automot- the couple left for a trip to Mon-
ive and Diesel Engineering.	| treal and Toronto. For travelling
black coat,
Advocate Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Quebec
(In Lawn Block)

SAVE SUGAR
in
DONAT Le GUERRIER
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
STINSON -AMM
Help save Sugar
Use the following
Branch at Quyon ; will call any •	Monday on request
Matters,dealt with by HH|

ci ric.ii cr.dm
R. MILLER WA LLACE
ADVOCAT - BARRISTER HULL. QUEBEC
At Proudtoot’s Hotel Campbell’s Bay every Tuesday at Noon.
At Pontiac House Shawville every
Tuesday Evening
V
Honey
Smacks
Lassies
Molasses
VICTORY LOAN CANVASSERS FOR PONTIAC
the bride wore a with mink. On their return they will take up residence at Merivale, Ont.
D. J. CAMPBELL
The following have been appointed to solicit sales for the second Victory Loan in Pontiac.
Due to bad storms and the condition of roads the canvassers, in most places, have experienced
Everybody should make a spec- prominently known Ottawa Va b in g contributed 284 pieces of work, ial effort to ou y a bond and those ley family, died at his home, 300 sewing ftnd knitting, to the Cen-whn intend buying should get in Cooper Street. Saturday at the tral Committee and about 82o in touch with the canvasser of the age oftH years. Mr. Bryson, who cash, in addition to other eontri* district in which he or she resides had been in indifferent health tot butions by private individuals.
*nd not wait to be called on. . two years, was confined to bed for Many euchre parties were put on
Canvassers and districts are the past six months.	to raise funds tor tne organization
canvassers an	A Von of the late John Bryson, ftnd an amateur orchestra com*
SHAWVILLE and DISTRICT a former member of Parliament pq8ed 0f R Pare, CampbellIs Bay
i ,, r> î(ven t C Elliott for Pontiac, and of Mary C. Bry- Rameo Asselin, Calumet Island;
Russell Corrigan, T.C. EUiott, -0R fae wa8 born at Fort Coulonge Godfrey Brunet. Mrs. J. C. Poisson
R J in November, 1877, and anent^the and Adolphe Poisson, of Bryson,
„ Elliott, G. G McUoweb, R. J. eariier part of bis life there, hav- with Ronald Coyne as accompanist Tracey, H - C. Rowj^MWbn > ing been engaged in the lumbering at tbe piano, furnished dance Hodgfos, C. H. MacLean, LOgai bu8jneMg with his father.	music gratis a® a further means
Hod gins.	Coming to Ottawa 40 years ago 0f bolstering contributions.
«--¦¦“y .. .	wSS2*S
Wallace R MacDonald, Jr. was a keen sportsman and athlete. Hear? Laiam Dies at CaepbeUtoa Fort CouloNGB	Football, lacross and hockey were Bnmiwkk
êtes*
###!:### =—
George J, Bryson, Prominent
Citizen of Poqtiac and Ottawa Passes
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
Corn Syrup Maple Butter Honey Butter Peanut Butter
Bry sob Red Cross
Phone 81

iDr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE. PLATEAU 638 8


OQ. WALLACE J.W. HOOCINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224St.Csth.rine Street .Wet MONTREAL, QUE.
Sandwich Spreads


Roy
Suggestions for Lunches
Special meat spreads—very appetizing when mixed
with Salad dressing



BELAI* 3*67
*
H K. NEILSON, M.D.
Eye, Ear, Nose ud Threat SPECIALIST
Veal, chicken and ham Devilled ham and beef Veal and Beet
Also try
Heinz Miracle Spread,
Veal, ham and tongue
Kraft Pimento and cheese spread
Vinton Ernest Sloan.
Otter Lake Ray Johnston
Ladysmith
Christie Holt, Frank T. Yach
S tf Chartbrib Alex H. Borner
Mckek Leo Keon
OTTAWA, - ONT.
PNOM, î-7961


We Sell Flour
Reg. Optometrist
Purity, Robin Hood, Keynote and Ivory
Five Roses,
IT

REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
THE W. A. HOOCINS STORE
t
Quebec
Shawville

QUE.
SHAWVILLE
I


*




s
/

###PAGE###2###
RADIO REPORTED
BIG GUNS IN THE BIG WOODS
Ancient Windmills Working For War
DIALING WITH DAVE:


lUm and Jobs Street* is toe, and a capacity audtsnoe la hand each week to enjoy the teal
f
Raymond «-ftT
Mystorlei broadcast 8.30 over a net-


I
Many historic building», laved #om destruction and restored by the Society for the Protection ot Ancient Buldlngs, are now being utilized in Britain's war effort. Chief among them aie the windmills which are making an important contribution to the nation s food supply.
At the outbreak of war, the Society put its resources at the disposal of the State. The Windmill Section was called lu to help when the government ordered a survey of country mills with a view to calling them into service in the event of damage to the large Indus! rial milling plants.
When the Ministry of Agrlcul cated to farmers to grow eat. oats, and barley, the
"Raymond" your ner Sanctum Sunday nights at work of Canadian stations, inc lu lug CHOC. "Raymond," famed for hli monologue* In Arch Obolers "Light's Out" series. Is well suited ¦ role! The spine-tingling
stories are high-listening for the
i
x
W-l
1150 listening tips:
The Canadian Sports College of the Air, Is now being heard Saturdays at 6 30 pm., with Coeeh and Director Lloyd Percivsl atilt at the helm. In support of worthwhile community effort the Bae4-wagon
Harmony Hlghwaye during 1V41: from Hamilton, 8.80 on Mday nights!
It takes a radio program to bring Interesting facts Into the full light of day — Perce LeSueur, CKOC'e sports authority and news editor ¦ eisaluted on Saturday's one o', clock Personality Parade, as of the greatest goalies to ever stand In front of a net! 1m fact ‘Cyclone’ Taylor selected htm. Is making up his Immortal team ef
teams'!
M
for hi*
Inner Sanctum light mystery week!
r*
will continue to ride down
#
Sunday at 6.16, the A(,-AWARD Plays, presented
Each
ADMIT	u ..
from CROC, bring you a Holly
wood production featuring some
of radio's greateml stars! Ona
Munson, Benny Barrymore and others have ap peered. Another interesting sidelight on Hollywood — Abbott and Costello, whose fun testing you
Sunday night at 8.00

Rubin. Elaine


i
was
one
ture a:
more w
Windmill Section decided to concentrate on keeping working mills lu good condition as such, rather than on maintaining them solely as pleasing features in the landscape.
which enabled the f ir
to get his coin ground at his
in line with the
share every o'clock on the Chase A Sanborn
Hour (CROC A CBC network), took the motion picture world by in 1941, and all their films amongst the big money mak



m
w
y
s
VICTORY LOAN RADIO NOTES# Three great weekly shows are being aired on behalf of the Victory Loan:


storm were ers of the year.
A sc me
......
industries in America’s northwest corner.
moj
now

Monday
very d'or was gov err ment policy of fostering
widel' l
new
10.00 p.m., Mart Kenney and hie orheetra, Wednesday, 10.00 pm, the Victory Loan Drama show, and Friday at 10.00 p.m., the AU-SUT Variety Hour! Shows are carried by s full network of the CBC. including CROC, and offer a full range of outstanding variety In top-flits radio entertainment!
Record of tbs week:	Sammy
Kaye's 1941 version of "Begin the Beguine”!
...WE ARE ALL IN THE FRONT BUY VICTORY BOND##
Perhaps iu days gone by, you’ve joined hands with friends in the old family parlor and played "What’s on My Mind"? you know: is It animal, li It vegetable, is It mineral—it’s lots of fun, and It’s
become even more
adapted for radio by ( HOC In Hamilton. With Joe Chrysdale at the mike, the new 1942 version of "What's On My Mind”? makes very good listening for one and all. The show is presented Monday night at eight o'clock from the CROC Radio Theatre, at King W1V
distributed food-producing
Tyre and Sidon, who came to hear him, and to be healed of their diseases; 18. and they that troubled with unclean spir-
And all the
centres.
The country miller,
striving to maintain an old-world business in a modern
The number
Jesus ever took, twelve was significant Jesus est up In their persons the twelve patriarchs of a new people sf God. Twelve new tribes were to arias and form the humanity which Jesus came to install on
however,
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
industrial
were
its were healed. 19. multitudes sought to touch him;
forth from him, This is a
is many cases, living
¦world,
from hand to mouth. The question of repairs to the mill Is often a serious problem and It Is hero that financial help Is given by Windmill Section of the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings.
Though many millers are skillful iu doing small repairs, it sometimes happens that a structural weak-
unnoticed until it be-A mill kept In
fun since it
was
for power came and healed them all." severely condensed record of our Lord's mighty ministry in teaching and healing. It would seem that our Lord immediately, as It were, by His own work, gave an example to the apostles of the work they were to do when he
earth.
14. "Simon, who he also named Peter, and Andrew his brother, and James and John and Philip and Bartholomew. 16. And Matthew end Thomas, and James the of Alphaeus, and Simon who called the Zealot, 16. And Judas the son of James, and Judas Iscariot, traitor." These men whom Jesus chose were all man who were accustomed to work; they were men who believed Jeeue to be the Meseiah and whe were truly devoted te him, except In the case of Judas Iscariot. Our Lord saw the work these men were to accomplish, the sufferings they were te endure, the eternal fame they were to attain. He chose them ia all confidence knowing His life oa earth was to be short and that the church must he built on the testimony and faith of these men.
17. "And he same down with them, and stood on a level place, fiut a great multitude of his disciples, and a great number of the people irom all Judaea and Jerusalem, and tie see coast of
LESSON Vlll JESUS APPOINTS AND TEACHES THE TWELVE Mark 3x13-10# Matthew 5 7; Luke
6.12-49
PRINTED TEXT, Luke 6*12-2# GOLDEN TEXT.—Even *e Ut
,___light shine before -mee;
they may see year good works, emd glorify your Pother who Is lm
_______ Matt 1:16.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time.—Spring, A D. 27. pteee.—An unknown mountain,
possibly ia Judaea.
it. "And it earns te pass In these days, that he went out late the mountaia te pray; and he eoadnued all night in prayer te God. 18. And when It was day, he called his disciples; and he shoes from them twelve, whom alee he named apostles." Up te \M time Jesus had been satisfied with gathering converts sheet Him, sailing some of them
him as dUeipl
LINE:
nes passes comes serious, working condition may last for centuries, but If Its activities are rested, for however short a period, It is well on the way to destmotion. The Windmill Section gives a technical report free of charge, and when necessary, pays the ei-pensee of a visiting millwright.
son
that
was
was gone.
20.	“And he lifted up his eyes
on his disciples, and said, Blessed are ye poor: for yours is the kingdom of God. '	1 he rich are
easily tempted to concentrate on present possessions, often to the exclusion of thoughts for God
and others.
Christian, and poor at the same time, is free to be occupied with things of God, even in the midst
of his daily toil.
21.	“Blessed are ye that hunger now: for ye shall be filled. These words showed the people our Lord’s great compassion for them in their need and gave them s sure hope of a day te come when all life’s needs would he abundantly met. "Blessed are ye that weep now: for ye shall laugh." Again Jesus shows hie
for men im theb
MAP PUZZLE

who became •
I
14 Doctor (abbr )>
18	Sea swell.
19	Orient.
20	It has great
Answer to Prevloae Punit
¦ Æ
horizontal
I Map of Persia or
8 IU----or
bordera art indeterminate

161
I
m
The man who ia a
OWN
oil
SCOUTING . .
y
am
W I
21	To polish.
22	Hair ornament
23	It is famous for its hand loomed
25	Seasoning.
26	Recess
28	Yellow metal
29	Mountain
Moob
I
18	To translata from code
16 Thin.
16	Chewed
17	Needy.
16	To cesse
19	Sour plum 30 Woods plant 81 To blast.
21 Tabetic.
84 Smell Hotel.
86 Chapter of Koran.
86 Unless.
17	And.
86 Barbed spear
30	Cloak SO Railroad
(abbr.).
31	Wild baaat 38 Heath.
88 Corded fabric. 34 Apportioned. 36 Loquacious.
36 To dispatch.
E N
The broadcasting of an address by Air Marshall Bishop before the big annual Baden-Powell banquet with which the junior and senior Scout leaders of Montreal will again mark the birthday of the late World Chief Scout oa Saturday evening, February Hat, wOl ha looked forward te by Seoula throughout the Dominion, pecially those Scouts whe new wear, or expect soon to wear, the Scout Airman’s “Flyi
SMM
EDM
N
[QU

Ti
NIP
AHjlA

A
RiAR
A
I N

te aeeempaay Mew He saw that the time was
39 Symbol for VKRTK AL
!Ii ill
44	Form of “me"	4 Midday.	35 Timid.
45	To twist about.	6 To exist.	36 Badger.
46	You and I.	@ Radical.	37 Stint.
• 43 fled.	7 Osseous	39 Aniftials of a
49	Constant	element	region,
companion.	• To dibble.	43 Mystery hint
50	This kingdom 9 form of "a." 44 Chart occupies part lOMatric feat 45 Drunkard
of g great---11 Toilet case. 47 Deer
or table-land 13 Compass point 48 Soul.
51	Satin.

Ha-
te organise his adherent»
measure ef organisation that
compassion troubles, and declares that a time will come when there will never be any more weeping, when everything will be right, when sorrow, and all its causes, will disappear.
3
new
Lions" badge, be carried by CBC, from 8 to 6.6# p.m., E.D.S.T.

By William Ferguson
This Curious World
The banquet guests w#, H la
expected, include a large nember ef young airmen, to Scoute, from every part of the Impire,	the	United	States	and
other countries of the United Nations.
*	*	*
A refrigeration plant now boused in a hospital tn the Middle East battis zone was provided by the Boy Scouts ef Vie-soria, Australia. The Scouts alee raised the necessary funds and presented the Australien Overseas Forces with an army truck
and c.n ambulance.
•	•	•
The	New	Zealand	Boy	Scoute
thoroughly prepared for emergencies. In the event of an air r*id alarm the Scouts of Wanganui report in uniform to a central assembly point, and there ,»cL boy is given 24 hours rations, bottle, I
started off to an assigned post
All Sea Scouts report to the Harbour Board.
# # *
Bound bundles of bracken are helping needy families of Kent, England to keep warm this win-The bracken was gathered and tightly bundled by Kentish Wolf Cubs ,
Scouts.
*
Upon the declaration of the state of war between Japan and the United States the services of the Boy Scouts of America were offered the Government, and a* once accepted and incorporated in the Civilian Defence organization work. It was announced in the United States Senate that local defence councils and Boy Scout councils would develop plans for co-operation, the Scouts’ duties le include assisting emergency nadical units, acting as fire watch ere and providing messenger services. •	•	*
Speaking of its National Scout
Service, Senator Arthur. Capper of Kansas declared that he felt considerably safer as an American end far more hopeful of the fut-because the Boy Scout movement is as strong as it is in the United States.
must repose in our boys is important — grave,” de declared. “But with our active Boy Scout Movement training them in character and citizenship that trust is well placed. You see evidence mil about you of the way the Boy Scouts are assuming their responsibility to their country."
>
22. “Blessed are ye, when mem shall hate you, and when they shall separate you from their
and reproach you, and
Boy


••
company, cast out your name as evil, for the Son of Man’s sake. 28. Rejoice in that day, and leap for joy: for behold, your reward Is great in heaven; for in the same
did their father’s unto the prophets." There is a general conscience which condemns certain forms of wickedness but the world hates those who run counter to its pleasures and prejudices, and in that case hatred may be the tribute which vice pays to
The so-called “religl-
49 Jumbled type.
(abbr).
mg
I CK3HT O'CLOCK bc
A A. M. AND I
• I THREE OtUXKm
<\ RM.
<| FAVORITE TIMES I
FOR. THE
8£<S/A/A//Af&
O/r A
SNOW PAUL/
15
manner
#

I
18
17
«
I
o
6
5
holiness.
ous world" has hated with a fierce I hatred and exposed to martyrdom I of its greatest prophets and 1 Our Lord was handed I , to crucifixion by the unani- I hatred of the highest religi-authorities of His day.	I
9
?
#
are
32
some
teachers.
37
6
35
over
mous
0
notebook, pencil, water staff and bicycle, and
ous
THE PARENT
%
• • »#,
24. “But woe unto you that are rich! for ye have received your consolation. you, ye that are full now! for ye shall hunger. Woe unto you, ye that laugh now! for ye shall
mourn and weep. WÊÊ H you, when all men shall speak well of you ! for in the same man-did their fathers to the false
prophets.” such, that Jesus cu.ses, for a Nicodemus or a Joseph of Arima thea will be welcomed as readily as the poorest man in Israel. Jesus is here dealing with historical philosophy, and powerful, as a class, already in open opposition to His mission? They were thus excluding themselves from the Kingdom of God,

2
41

CARRIES ITS ENTIRE
25. Woe unto
5


Z
26. Woe unto
51
$/2u
CAN EATA CHICKEN
ter.
ner
you CAN EAT WHAT IT
produces ouRj/ycs upte,
AND VOU ALSO CAN
It is not the rich, &a
the junior Boy
British, Dutch and Australian, ha said, and has been in use for time in Government circles. The more general term, the ABCD powers, still refers to those majer powers fighting the Axis in the Far East China, and the Dutch.
You’re free to lend — Lend le be free. Buy Victory Bonds.
American British
Dutch Australian
6
<3
C
COPA M# IV NIA Slavic!. IMS
SNOW may begin to fall at any hour ol the day or night, but the hours given above are favorite hours, due to the tendency of cooling air to condense. Three o’clock js the hour of a winter afternoon when cooling Is begun, and eight In the morning Is the coldf time, and the most likely for the condensation of moisture.
NEXT: If there were Inhabitants am She
*-
If it’s the Southwestern Pacific area you’re talking about, just call it "ÀBDA
President Roosevelt recommended the new designation to reporters at a recent press conference. Stands for American,
fact, not with moral Were not the rich
America, Britain
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—No Strangers Admitted
I II r	I MY NAME-
1
W6LL,
KNOCK AT W6 DOOR OEFORt VOU
com* in;



!
1
&
m
,#
t
f
ure
“The trust wa
i

f’-TJTT 1
N
I
\
/•2
• a
n it
ii

\
<

###PAGE###3###

Need Stressed For High-Quality Seed
Russians in Canada Mobilize For Victory
MODERN
ETIQUETTE
PACIFIC DEFENSE
\


n

A warning to seed producers in Canada to prepare to meet the demanda from European countries for high-quality grain seed to replenish war-ruined stocks issued recently by G. A. Scott, assistant plant pathologist, Central Experimental Farm, Ottawa.
Speaking at the annual meeting of the Registered Seed Growers* Section of the Ontario Crop Improvement Association, at the King Edward Hotel, Toronto, Mr. Scott asserted that Canadian producers of healthy, high-quality seed were not now in a position to meet the demands that would undoubtedly be placed upon them
after the war^|HB^hHHll seed growers to take every possible step toward that goal.
He told of experiments now being made at each of the five main experimental farms in Canada to produce foundation seed that would be free of seed-horn disease much ms rust and smut.



Canada’s 85,000 citizens af Russian origin including 16,000 Doukhobora most of whom reside in Western Canada have mobilised their total strength not only to help the land of their adoption win their war against the Axis powers but to ensure success for the forthcoming Second Victory Loan Campaign.
The National Executive of the Russian Committee maintains 28 organizing and secretarial branches in Canada Russian characters will, before the campaign proper begins on February 16th, be distributed among those Russian communities, eulars in which Victory Loan literature has been translated from English into Russian will soon be distributed to all tuose 35,000 Russian Canadians. Russian language publications in Canada have undertaken to devote all the apace required to publicize Canada’s war aims and Victory Loan objectives in the Russian language so that not a single Russian Canadian may be without full knowledge in both directions.
This is the first time mines Canadian citizens of Russian origin beeame organized in Canada in their own interests that they have volunteered as a united group to aid a national cause of this kind.
I
$
11
1.	Is it proper for women to shake hands with each other when being introduced?
2.	Where should one place the pits when eating olives?
8. Should the listener to a conversation gaze constantly at the speaker?
4. Does good form demand that an announcement of an engagement be made promptly?
6. How should one eat chees-

* e


9 ,
•-S

1

* * * V *
t



V *s
EE!
%
W-V»*,
<


I •
m
; * « v

ti i
:t-l

-i
v •;¦
*
Posters bearing
•a?
\
• C
/

6. Is it a hostess’ duty to see that conversation doesn’t lag?
Answers
1. Women may or may not shake hands with each other, as they prefer. Unless the one who Is about to offer her hand is sure that it will be agreeable, she will do well not to be too hasty about making this advance. 2. Put the pita on the aide of the dinner or bread and butter plate. 8. He should be attentive and look at the speaker, but not with a hypLooking out of a
•u


? i
. *
•m
W:
Cir
l

He advised the
•. •
I
w
v-i <
-r
f

liM

-, ! w '1 ¦
• V,
v
V
I
¦v
: 5

•Î

I
I
I *

$

¦ c*' '
tVi
L" t \ V
-ile
,1
> » U5



Keen-eyed Sioux Indian Army scout has his rifle ready to deal with any enemy threatening our western coastline. Indian* were used se scouts in World War I.
¦otic gaze, window or off into apace is disconcerting to s speaker and is a sign of 111-breeding. 4. Yea. This be done by sending a notice
Work — Grow Slim
10

With all this talk of corseta end rubber shortage, it seems the first thing to do is to remember and be comforted in the knowledge that old Mother Nature provided every human figure, free of charge, with a good 2-way stretch girdle of muscles in eriss-eroes formation over the abdo-See any physiology book
Have You Heard?
HOW CAN I?
may
to the newspaper, or by issuing engraved announcements to friends and relatives, or by means of an announcement party for the «lose friends and relatives.
Soft cheese should be spread on a cracker with a knife, cheeses such as American, may be eaten either with the fork or ti e fingers. 6. Yea, it is her duty to direct the conversation, must be no perceptible silences that make the guests feel as though their hostesses were tired and wish they would go.
Two Irishmen arranged to fight a duel with pistols. One of them was very stout, and when he saw his lean adversary facing him he raised an objection.
"Bedad!” he said, “I'm twice as big a target as he Is, so I ought to stand twice as far away from him as he is from me.”
“Be aisy now,” replied hie sec "I'll soon put that right."
Taking a piece of chalk from his pocket, he drew two lines down the stout man’s coat, leaving a between them.
How can I mend a kitchen 'e or fork that has come loose ki the handle?
A. Fill the opening in the handle with powdered resin. Then heat the handle end of the knife fork and force it into the handle opening. Tie e string around it and allow it to remain until dry.
Q. How can I deetroy plant
bisects?
A. To destroy insects and also to fertilize the plant soak one leepoonful of smoking tobacco tn one quart of water over night. Four this solution on the soil about once every thirty days.
Q. How can I clean leather
goods?
A. By using strong ammonia water. Rub the leather until it is clean, and then dry with a soft
•loth.
Q. How can I clean rugs on the floor?
A. Rugs may be cleaned very nicely on the floor if washed with •oap suds applied with a brush. Use only suds, and as little liquid as possible. Wipe the rug after washing with a clean cloth.
Q. How can I remove medicine stains from sheets or linens?
A. By making m paste of fuller’s earth and ammonia, and applying this to the stain. Leave until dry, and then wash out the stains with soap and water.
kntf<
6.
"We intend to give our whole strength to your campaign,” aaio K. Okulewich, Organizing Secretary of the committee in a recent interview tory Loan Campaign to be an overwhelming success. We intend to help by distributing literature to our people prepared by ua in the Russian language. We Intend to send our organizers and even
When the campaign
Hard
s
men
or look at the human figure chart in the doctor’s office. Moreover, this fine natural girdle of muscles may be developed by bendiner, kicking, stretching and other well known exercises from ÉjE flabby girdle into one that is taut, snug and firm enough to hold figure flat in front and comparatively small at the waistline, If man or woman is willing to take to serloue daily exercise.
"We want your Vic-
t
There
ond
l
% ;

canvassers proper begins we intend to have our people volunteer their services to local campaign committees to help In any way possible command the support of every Russian Canadian in this country and we are satisfied that every and woman
space
"Now," he said, turning to the thin man, "fire away, ye spalpeen, and remember that any hits outside the chalk mark don’t count."
Soviet Railway Gauge Handicap To Nazis
We
The difference in the gauge between the Russian and German railways has been a handicap to the Nazis. All their transport by rail has to proceed to the German end of the line and then be transshipped to Russian trains, which different width between the
While on patrol duty a member of the Horn# Guard came aero## a watchman aeleep in hi# hut.
The siren# had just previously sounded. Shaking the old man, he shouted* "Wake don’t you know the
'Close Shave’ Allen
Gets a Bit Cautious
associated

man
with our organization will give his fullest support to this important Victory Loan Campaign."
In the manufacture of a fighter plane, 4,000 pounds of aluminum is used.
Having passed through all manner of escapes and oxpsriene Including the sinking from undor him of the British cruiser Gala-tea—while voyaging naarly 100,000 miles as AP correspondant with the British Fleet, Larry Allen made a solemn pledge upon arriving in New York for furlough:
"I am going to try," be maid, "to learn to swim."
use a rails.
up;
siren's gone?
Sleepily he murmured: "We’ll, I’m not surprised. The people round here'll take anything."
Pilots Spend Leave Ferrying Bombers
This has prevented the Germans sending Nazi rolling stock on into Russia in the wake of the army. And, as the Russians have been destroying their rolling stock or getting it back out of German reach, the Nazis have not been able to use Russian freight cars and trucks.
The original idea in making the railways of different gauge was to hinder a military invasion of
Proof of the wisdom of
HARNESS & COLLARS

Consult
Farmers /l ttention||||||||||||||||
your nearest Harness Shop about Staco Harness Supplies. We sell our goods only through ¦¦ local Staco Leather dealer. The goods are

Now we know the aerial equivalent for a busman's holiday.
Trans-Canada Air Lines reports that two of its pilots, Capta. George Lothian and Malcolm Barclay, are back at work again. Trans-Canada gave them a three months’ leave.
They spent it ferrying bombers across the Atlantic.
There was no mention of what they did in their spare time.
A minister advertised for a man-servant. The next morning a well-dressed young man rang the
"Can you start the fire and get breakfast by 7 o’clock," the minister asked.
"I guess so,” relied the young
"Well, can you polish all the silver, wash the dishes and keep the house neat and tidy?"
“Say, parson," answered the young fellow. "I came here, to about getting married, but if it’s going to be as much work as all that you can count me out right now."
your Goods
right, and so are our prices. We manufacture In our factories
lars, Sweat Pads, Horse Blankets, and Leather Travelling Goods. Insist on Staco Brand Trade Marked Goods, and you get satisfaction. Made only by:
bell
Inhabitants in Seattle, Washington, U.S.A., must buy a licence if they wish to keep a cat.
Harness, Horse Col-
Russia,
the action is being had daily on the Russian front.— Windsor Star.
What Science Is Doing
man
SAMUEL TREES CO., LTD.
WRITE FOR CATALOGUE 42 Wellington St. E., Toronto
Just How Cold
Is Soviet Winter?
WHAT’S A SNOWFLAKE?
A snowflake—being ice—is a mineral with a chemical composition of H20, and a hexagonal eryitalline form like that of the gem stone beryl.
Snowflakes start as ice crystals, formed
tide of dust—when water vapor k cooled below freezing end hall, on the other hand, regelt from the freezing of water droplets after condensation.
Normally it takes about 10 inches of snow to equal one inch
Lend freely to stay free. Buy Victory Bonds.

Just how cold is it? Frosts begin in European Russia on Oct. 1 the ground is stone-hard by Nov.
Average temperature is 20 below zero in January and stays below till April, with occasional drops to minus 54, except along the Black Sea, where it may rise to 5 above. Winds of ncar-hui ricane force are weekly affairs. Ukraine farmers expect frost as late as May 24. The Soviet June ia recommended, however, by all Russian poets, regardless of politics. (P. S. The Winter lack of sunshine, vitamins and out door exercise has an enfeebling effect on the Russian people, the books say).
X
RHEUMATIC |	^ />-
see
s&Qffe
Jars or tuboe 3flc
15
Aches and Pains
,u»i£2

i
usually on a tiny par-
\
If Just one Dottle of Ku Ma doe» not show you the quick, easy way to net real relief from rheumatic aches and pain». It cost» you nothin*.
Don t suffer longer; try Ku-Ma today and if you are not pleased with the results, your money will be refunded by any druggist This Is a generous offer to all rheumatic aufferei s
Reporter (to veteran of
"Was *
1
Slept
campaign)
Libyan
there any shade in the des-


I
ert?”
Soldier:	"Y e • ,
but
couldn't get in it."
Reporter: “Why not?"
^ iflBEufflllllHiHHl
Well, have you tried to sit in your, own shadow?”
Because of the air spaces between fallen flakes, a heavy snow blanket has unusual insulating properties, and may keep the temperature of the ground close to freesing while the temperature above the snow is below zero.
Of trillions of snowflskes no two are ever exactly alike.*
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
t § •
• • •
When Macpherson came no me from work he told his wife: "I'm joining the Army, Maggie, just take my tea and go along and ’list."
"Oh, Sandy
BIG ROCK “PAY DAY”
CHICKS
MEDICAL
IT A HU FOB SALE
I’ll
A TRIAL — Every sufferer of itHeu-matlc Pains or Neuritis Dixon's Remedy. Munro's Drug Store. 335 Elgin, Ottawa.
FOR SALE—183 HEAD OF STOCK, farm equipment, sufficient grain, 100 acre farm; Ideal location for mixed farming, $16.00 114,000 cash. For further particulars write John Davidson, Two Creeks, Man.
should try
make more prut it, im-uube they are bigger—stronger, are sold on a luu',v satisfaction guarantee, Rocks, Reds, Leghorns, Hybrids, as hatched or sexed. six week old pullets. Write for prices and free calendar. Big Hock Farm, Mille Roches, OuL, Box C. (Where Satisfaction is a certainty)._____
HOW TO RELIEVE
an acre.
•he exclaimed, "what ever has pu\ into vour head to be a soldier?”
"Weel, it’s thin way,” he explained. "I've been giving a pen-week to the comforts fund
PILE TORTURE
SAWMILL WASTED
NAPHTHALENE BY-PRODUCTS Moth balls and flakes and synthesized medicinal preparations such as aspirin, saccharine, novocain# and barbital are by-products ef coal.
WANTED 8 M ALL PORTABLE Sawmill. Write full particulars and best cash price to A. linker, tiravenhurst.
QUICKLY AMD EASILY
FARM EQUIPMENT
lung
If you are li ouuied w illi piles or rectal soreness, do not delay treatment and run the risk of letting this condition become chronic. Any itching or svrenesd or painlui passage of stool Is nature's warning and proper treatment should be secured at once.
For this of llem-_ and use as directed. This formula which is used internally is a small, easy to take tablet, will quickly relieve the itching and soreness and aid in healing the sore tender spots. Hem-Hold is pleasant to use, it highly lecommended and it r»ems the height of folly for any one to risk s painful and chronic pile condition when such a fine remedy may be had at such a small cost
If you try Hem-Rold and are not entirely pleased with the results, your druggist will gladly return your money.
FEBRUARY SPECIALS — I have a
g bargains In Me i Separators, demon-rebuilt models tt used Fleury Engines; SI Marshall and Deuts Lister Surf Portable
few remalnln
lotte Cream •trator and Grinders, 6" and 88 HP..
Engines
Milking Machines; Myers Pumps and Water Systems; Gasoline Engines: a few Lister Tine and Link
bargain prices; Melotte, Magnet and Premier Separator Parts stock; Lets Mills and Parts other used equipment. Save money. Purchase now while these sins last Write me today. . Lister. Stewart Street. To-
SALESPKOPLK WANTED
ny a
for two months now, and I’m joining up to get my parcel !”
BABY CHICKS
DON’T GIVE UP THE SHIP BE cause your factory cannot supply you with saleable goods during the War. Instead sell 200 guaranteed Household, Food, Farm products. Every home Is a prospect. FOR FULL PARTICULARS AND CATALOGUE FREE: WRITE TO FAM1LEX, 670 St Clement, Montreal.
BREEDS. CHICKS, CAPONS, growing Pullet». Descriptive catalogue, Monkton Poultry Farm, Monkton. Ontario.
SIX
FERTILIZER
Fertiliser from coal, in the form of sulphate of ammonia, is increasing in application. During 1941 it is estimated agriculture will need 400,000 tons of nitro-of which 122,000 tons will
Father took his small eon to church. At one stage of the service the clergyman announced:
"We shall now sing hymn number two hundred and twenty-two. 'Ten thousand times ten thousand.’ Two hundred and twenty-two.”
The puzzled lad nudged his father.
"Dad,” he whispered, "do wo have to work this out?”
urpoae gel a package from any druggist
s pi Hold
PATRIOTISM. LIKE CHARITY, Begins at home. Poultrykeepere on the home front need good stock for heavy production, for markets at home and abroad. Taking orders now February March delivery cockerels (don t pa»» these up) chick». Bray Hatchery, ISO John N.. Hamilton. Ont.
used Basin» at
Harrows

"PROTESTANT ACTION”
A monthly Journal of facts Invaluable to British Protestante. $1.60 per year. Samples on request. 11 Glebeholme, Toronto.
bo in sulphate of ammonia, produced from coal in the by-product
n
ronto
HAIRDRESSING SCHOOL
• •
g process
BUTCHERS EQUIPMENT FOR SALE
4II
RHEUMATIC PAINS
LEARN HAIRDRESSING THE ROB-erteon method. Information on request regarding c eon's Hairdressing Avenue Road, Toronto.
Axis Air Losses Are Double British
Air losses of the Axis up to the end of 1941—even exclusive of in Russia—have been double those of Britain, it was announced recently.
The Air Ministry said Axis Itgttff had been 8,669 planes, and Britain’! losses 3,962.
It gave this breakdown: Over and around Britain, Axis 3,692, British 887; over Europe, Axis 940, British 1,876; Middle East, Axis 2,876, British 711; Western front, Axis 967, British 879; Scandinavian front, Axis 66, British 66; at sea, Axis 89, British 64.
In addition Admiralty records Bated 670 other Axis planes destroyed at sea by British war skip» and armed merchantmen..
HAVE YOU HEARD about Dixon's Neuritis and Rheumatic Pain RemedyT It gives good results. Munro's Drug Store, 136 Elgin, Ottawa.________________________
MEAT and uarter
136 Laughton Avenus,
8TUFFERS. e third H.P
• A_U 8 A G B I Grinder», one « Coffee Grinder», on»
H P. Writ» McLeach, A A Stores,
Toronto
classe». Robert* ; Academy. 117
^Scratching ^
y
Two air-raid shelters have been constructed in the Vatican, the official residence of the Pope in Rome.
OFFER TO INVENTORS
WOMEN WANTED
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Oo% Registered, Patent Attorneys. 171 Bank Street Ottawa. Van a de.
r
enti
TO DO HOME Postage paid nt anyw Box
WANTED: WOMEN 1 mewing. Best pay. on all work. Be Bontex Chase. B.<
UIPMENT
BAKERY
D. D. D
Bakers' ovens and machin-
#ry, also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence Invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co, 101 Bathurst 8t., Toronto.________________
o d. d nnSciipnaflf
17.
Specialty Oo
HELP GET RID OF THAT
PATENTS
SLUüS
FOR QUALITY SERVICE
FBTHBHtiTONHAUUH * COM PAN I Patent Solicitors Established 1110;	14 King Weei. Toronto.
Booklet of Information on re-
, You GIRLS WHO SUFFER
mm BKMENORRHU
If you suffer monthly crampe, backache, distress of "irregularities," nervousness—due to functional monthly disturbances—try Lydia E. Pinkham'a Vegetable Compound Tablet» (with added Iron). Mad» especially for women. They also help build up red blood. Made In Canada

I
AND SATISFACTION TRY IMPERIAL
• or S exposure films, developed and printed, or 8 reprints, 164. Both with free enlargement.
IMPERIAL PHOTO SERVICE
Station J. Toronto.
CARS — USED AND NEW
PERSONAL
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS Ltd., Toronto'» oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers: three location», SIS Ml Pleasant Road 1040 longe Ht. and 1110 Dan forth Avenue. Our Used Cars make us many friends. Writs for our Free Book-
reed renewed and an ears.
ELIJAH C O M 1 N U BEFORE Christ. Wonderful book sent fr Megldido Mission. Rochester. New
Tori
•H
LEGAL
l- i ¥
ii ed
k'.àe
be
O-l
After that, it became difficult to distinguish between captors and prisoners^
a I yzed
J, N. UN USA X, LAW OFF ICE, CAP Mol Theatre Building, St. Thomas. Ontario. Special Department for farmers collection».
ISSUE S—'42
###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY

%

X-
tv... '	%	: X




y,ii

ShawviUe. February ‘-Mi 1942

R-
i


SECOND REPORT, SHAWV1LLE HIGH SCHOOL
t
v<


i
fc>k

Grauk One
Over 90 p. c.—1‘Htricia Hailey, Dorothy Burton, Marion D-tgg, Nancy Hudgins, Arthur l>aughren, Doris Miller, Fay Stickler, Joyce Telford.
Over 80 p c - Ueverley Campbell, Mary DeGuire, Edytha Storey, Neil Telford, George Way, Marshall, \oung Over TO p c—Darwin Klliott, Brent Hobbs, Bil’y Smart Over 60 p c—Donald Angus, Viola Harris, Hilda Hobbs.
Cnranked—Earl Fraser, Dorothy Judd. Ronald Richardson, Bamelia Pi lie, Leslie Pine, Ruth Wickens.
Grads Two
Over 90 p e—Jill Hudgins, Joan Kelly, Betty Richardson Over 80 p c—Billy Horner, Marlene Howard, Neil McDowell, Donald Paul, Sherwood Storey, Joan Weaver, Wayne Wilson	¦
Over 70 p c—Flora Anne Corrigan, Teddy Judd, Donald Way, John Weav-Faye Young Over 60 p c—Mona Young Under 60 p c—Donald Hudgins.
Grape Three
Over 90 pc—Muriel Riley Over 80 p c—Carson, Hudgins, Eleanor Howard, Marshallene Howard, Mary McDowell. Janice Thomson. Catherine Weaver
Over TO p c—Vaughn Harris, Richard Kingdon, Wilson MacEwen, Charles McDowell, Marian Schwartz, Joan Stark
Over 60 p c—Faye Horner, Stella McGregor, Joan Smart, Wayne Telford.
Over 50 p c—Kathleen Riley, Ray Young


/



? <


I
B
'
%
v
»
L
?
I
k

F:
X



r
ipik %.
r


r
S

f *
Zi*
<
9
f
9
p
m




?
V
¦


Xz

6
i

V

*
'

:
I
»v\


#

I


m 4
- SV '


si*




»

V

a# *
/
y

K

#<
X
•V






m





%
*
cm


%


w ^


f


w
-V

k.N

V
:
\






r
F
4
w

I

r


I

<•*


r

n
F
¦¦

oK
w
i
à
r
I
F
r

¦






SC»

1
mm
\>


Grads Four
Over 90 p c—Nora Bailey, Robert Horner
Over 80 p e—Ethel Davis, Edgar Schwartz
Over 70 p c—Dora Angus, Beulah Co tie, Lee Devine, Claire Harris, Joan Mac Faria ne, Jean Sheppard Over GO pc—Nelson Angus, Samuel Howard, Harry Judd, Lola Murray Over 50 p c—Lois Barber Under 50 p c—Gordon Judd, Delma

r




à
$
m
r

i
m
r
i


r
A


F
r
X




)
Guy
Grade Five
A
\
Over 90 p c—Beverley Bailey Over 80 p c—Erma Kelly, Dalton McKay, Phyllis Smart, Margaret Smith, Elaine MacEwen
Over 70 p c— Marilyn Hodgio*, Doris Sheppard, Edna Meunier, Velma Guy
n

Over 60 p c—Sterling Hobbs, Stella Meunier, Bruce Sinclair, Pearley Smith
Over 50 p c—Clifton Campbell, James Canty, Beverley Corrigan, Oda Humer, Harold Howard, Earl Young
Voder 50 p c—Laura Howard
Grade Six
Over 90 p c—-Hazel Davis, Raymond Row at
Over 80 p c—Isabel Barber, Lenore Howard
Over 70 p c—Harland Armitage, Ann Campbell, Eva Fletcher, Marie Hobbs, Roy Judd, John Kingdon, Kenneth Murray, Ralph Pequegnat, Miller Shore, Norma Smart, Grace Swartz, Eckard Way.
Over 60 p c—Melvin Harris, Harold Howard, Robert McCredie, Emerson Riley, Ethel Young
Over 50 pc—Wilbur Homer, Elizabeth McGregor, Margaret Hobbs, Dora Smyth.
*
- *
The MENACE of a hateful way of life casts its shadow across our homes. Victory Bonds will raise up a shield against it.
So buy Victory Bonds to the limit. We cannot be half-hearted while this danger threatens our very shores. Let us go full out now and give such vigor to our country’s effort as to speed the day of victory.
This is the least we can do — to lend our money for our country's defence. Buy a share in victory today—buy Victory Bonds.
HOW "TO BUY—Give your order to the Victory Loan
salesman who calls on you. Or place it in the hands of any branch of any bank, or give it to any trust company. Or send it to your local Victory Loan Headquarters.
your employer to start a payroll savings plan for you. Bonds may be in denominations of $50, $100, $600, $1,000,
Or
u can authorize
regtJar
gMptflpHJHVVVHPHpHHPHHHHHH
and latter. Salesman, bank, trust company or your local Victory Loan Headquarters will be glad to give you every assistance in making out your order form.
ir
I *
sitV *
81:^1
t
A 42
N
I
r
Grade Seven

Claim Bennick, Beverley Harris, Dale Thomson
tkN<*
70 p c—James Chant, Demi on d Hodgtns, Harry Meunier. Marjorie Smart, Billy Thomson
Over 60 p c—Susan Barber, Roberta Dale. Garnet Greenshields, Irwin Hayes Fay McDowell, Jean McKay, Hubert a Way
National War Finance Committee, Ottawa, Canada
Over 50 p c—Del mer Barber, Edgar
Hades, Clarence Kilgour, Roderick Mc-__________________________ ...
Dowell, Rosetta Riley, Clarence Shore I Tmler 50 p c—Cl ivton Corrigan, | %
Junior Young
Conserve Rubber Paper and Bones
Creameries and other dairies, which
practise loaning cans to farmers are.	I II II	I
advised to span* no effort to repossess |	jJdüSjSfü:-SJphX,¦ • sl-j:.-jy!.-^frJ/eJnîiajgjù
such as have been lost track of and that a system be adopted that will insure
Farmers Urged to Conserve Milk Cans

For Golds and that run down feeling
Grade Eight
Over 80 p c—Margaret Horner, Kona Howard
Over 70 p c—Elaine Hayes, Muriel Smith, Dorothy Walsh, Carmen Wick-
DALE’S TINSHOP
The supply of new milk *nd cream prompt return of unused cans to their cans normally required each year by proper owners, dairy farmers may not be available in -1043 because of the scarcity of steel and tin, both of which are now rigidly controlled, states the Dairy Products
Board. Canada, as well as many other	...
countries, all depended on Malaya for C. J. Brown, official tea taster in the
supplies of tin and since the war spread Department of National Revenue who
UMhe Pacific this source has .been cot passes approval on hundreds of tons of
° The Hoard ad vim, all farmers and lea .Lr0Ughl	for ,he fi*htine
dairy organizations that it is urgent to services, gave this advice Friday. "D ont
bring into use all milk and cream cans put sugar in your tea if you want to
which may be out of circulation, either enjoy its real flavor.
&ÎE "t* , * r"; 2* rr
soldering or retinniog.	sweetening their tea during the first
Cans should be used only for the Great War never started again, said
purpose for which they are intended, as Mr. Mr. Brown, adding that if sugar
containers for milk or cream, states the mU8t be used. " one Inmp or a small Board. Au, other use of them »	m that " % of lfcA ean
try
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Tea Tastes Better Without Sugar
ens
Wampole's
Extract Cod Liver
Over 60 p c—Eleanor Alexander, Lillian Butman, Shirley Judd. Jean Stewart, Dorothy Vandray, Allan Young
Over 50 p e—Irwin Armstrong, Mona Armstrong, Mette Barber, Roberta Bennett, Fkroen Brownlee, Jean Clarke Elizabeth Cobb, Edwin Dab ms, Dorothy Hobbs, Milton Hodgins, Shirley Hod-gins, Ronald Horner, Kenneth Judd, Joyce Horner, Buster McDowell, Eleanor Mee, Dorothy Metcalfe, Evangelene Towel I, Theodore Wickens
Under 50—Marion Belsber, Elaine Hades, Aleta Guy, Shirley Hamilton, Andrew Hanna, Weldon Hobbs, Hewittt McVredie, Alvin Palmer, Harold Smiley Mildred Stanley, I va Swartz, Lorraine Telford, Lyndon Walsh.
The résulta of Grades, nine, ten and eleven will be published in the Wlcwing issue of this paper
A CREAT BAKER ---AND A CRAMP HEATER.

$1*00 per bottle
CIAimtl RANCE
Its wonderful working qualities end
r
a
Findlay Oval a favourite in


?
of Canadian homes. Available in three
?
THE CORNER STORE
?
wastage and should be stopped. The ¦
Board urges property drying the cane
after washing, and having worn and Besides making the tea taste better, rusted can, retinned at once and that 3<000 tone of engar would be saved for fartnew who have oms in their powee other purpose* if two out of three people moo which do not belong to them should who uteri sugar in this way stopped return them to the owner,	.	doing sa H	HK

reservoir. Sec it today!
Ï
¦HI
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard

Main and Centre Sts. SHAW VILLE
a
en-
>
v\\ vvswsv vv vw>




###PAGE###5###
¦flCM
IfaMi up?
<^sST'e^™
Timely Values In MEN’S SUITS
at FRASER’S
FOOD MEANS
A

V

> I k
• •
v «C/
, nil *> /
A compute utoek of tine worst# iV, rwecd*, etc, in model* for men and young men. fU’Y NOW —Inter on the selection will be greatly re tin » d
Sizes 82 t
If possible -
Send food Overseas
w
N


831.50




' r

>>.
V,
See these new
I
44
FOB
RITCHIE
Shoes
tf

WEN
m
I
Q

•• The Shoes that wear so well "
In two popular styles in black and tan
Sizes 6 to 11.



I
(lib

w

perhapc you have wc 2-dered many t;mes as you have lifted a heavy pail of milk shoulder-high to pour it into your Separator tank.
If your Separator is a Ren -frcw you have never aiven tho matter a thought for cn a Renfrew "up" is 39H inches from the floor. This is one reason why women prefer a Renfrew. This—	I
and ease of operation, per-	i
feet • skimming, absolute	J
cleanliness and absence of surface oil.
# # e #
$6.
50
m



«1
V
A complete stock of
Men's Gum Rubbers
For Spring
Cut Macaroni, per pound,
Special 20 pound box ....
Clark’s 8 ounce packages of Macaroni, Noodles and Spaghetti. An appetizing dinner dish for only cents per person.
Clark’s Spaghetti, 15-oz tin, 3 for
Next time the neighbours call, serve something different, Apple juice, 3 large, 29c
5c
90c
Buy these now—replacement ot our present stock cannot be guaranteed, represented-all first finalities !
At lowest prices
Quality the highest —-price the lowest, quality considered. Capacities 400 lbs., 600 lbs., 800 lbs. and 1000 lbs., per hour.
Every popular atyle w
6et the Renfrew men An
your neighborhood TÜ.
Ae responsible to
29c

you for eeeh Renfrew product he jell* you — end wo
RANGES . HEATERS WASH-RITES - TRUCK SCALES INCUBATORS
/
stand oe-
.	/ofhincî amf #
r/an era ash ertj hfr men and bOJjs
hind him in
SEPARATORS
eibility.
s
THE RENFREW MACHINERY COMPANY UNITED RENFREW ONT.
SUSStit N.B. ST. JOHNS P.Q.
/A
REGINA '-ASK.
%
6
»' • ***»¦ f*
' / I.J

LEO R. KEON
N, P.Horner's old stand SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Ill

f

DBDTDB
DISTRICT REPRESENTATIVE
McKee • Quebec

•
CHILD'S EYE VIEW Of VICTORY LOAN
?
r
ana
3335
/ / Z.ZtZ’ZlZiZtZIZ
Z Z Z X ziz z Z Z Z Z Z X Z Z X ZIZIZIZ'Z / / Z / /,
1/1/ Z'Z'ZlZ'Z z
I #

I
The Hodgins Lumber Go.
When writing up a grocery list, remember that we can supply you with Fresh Fish and Salt Herring
Just ask for	t
¦ I

c

n
SALMON, Silver Brights SALT HERRINGS, FRESH HERRINGS. FRESH FILLETS, SMOKED FILLETS. ¦¦¦¦ HADDOCK
STRIP COD Winnipeg Gold Eyes

SLAB WOOD
i i
A

z


Ml
m
Bat the Food# the Government
7
4
. I
V.v
We are now ready to deliver
&
Be Patriotic
#
7i

4.
SLAB WOOD
?
From all aigles we hear the cry— SAVE SUGAR
to

Before purchasing canned fruits or vegetables for that special occasion or usual dinner, vMt our fruit display.
We offer a complete assortment of

PRIVATE HOMES
1
A
V
m
i

n

Fresh Fruits and Vegetables

Phone 27

Tomates, Mushrooms, Lettuce, Celery, Cabbage, Onions, Carrots, Waxed P>tr«i»ip«, Waxed Turnips
Oranges Lemons, Gra pet mit, Bananas, Apples—fancy
and delicious, Tangerines, in season.
will be returned and
does Victory Loan —and I their money Victory — mean to the Canadian ; be available (or those consumer school child? What can the children purchases which they have avoided of Quebec, too young to fight, too during the war. ¦	I I
young to work in war production. You can talk about these thing.' do to help Canada's war effort? and discuss them at home and No more eager army of volunteers school. But the best way is to put for freedom exists anywhere than them down in black and white and in the schools of this province. As write them so convincingly that all Canada launches its second Victory who read what you write will be Loan appeal, asking the people of as certain as you are that this this Dominion to lend the country Victory Loan must succeed. $600.000.000 to help pay the costs of And here are some interesting! war, school children in Quebec are facts that may help you in writing being given an opportunity to help : your essay. A $50 Victory Bond will this effort through a province-wide pay for about 1.000 rounds of rifle essay contest on the subject: “How or machine-gun bullets; a $100 band Buying Victory Bonds Helps Me will provide personal equipment for d My Family.”	one soldier for battle or pay for a
Through this contest school chil-1 500 pound bomb to drop on Berlin; dren may tell their parents, their a $500 bond will buy one Bren gun teachers and adults everywhere and equip it with 1.500 rounds of why they believe in Victory Loan, ammunition. That shows what even Thev can . explain that this is a one bond will do; but many mechanized war and that tanks *nd thousands of guns and rounds of guns and planes and ships cost huge ammunition must be bought so that sums of money. They can point out many thousands of Canadians that building these arms requires buy more and more Victory Bonds, huge supplies of raw materials and Your essay should tell some of payment of wages to hundreds of these facts of war and should show thousands of men and women. how every dollar contributed will Every child knows the importance make victory that much more sure, of freedom but what can you* as a Under the rules of the contest all school child entered in this essay essays must be submitted througn contest say, first of all in order to the schools and all teachers have tell others xvhat Victory Loan means been provided with complete details and, second, to compete for the and information. Prizes win be Victory Bonds and War Savings given for literary quality, xnowl-Certificates offered as prizes? 1	edge of the subject and persuasive
You can explain that people with quality. The contest closes on Feo-savings accounts can use that money ruary 16, the day the Victory Loan not only to buy Victory and free- drive begins, so you should begin dom but also, through Victory Loan work on your essay now. Talk it purchases, as an investment on over with your teacher, then take which they will be paid interest your pen in ha id -and writs 1 twice a year. And after the war Victory,	'
What
THE HODCINS LUMBER COMPANY
Quebec
Shawville,
>>/?/???/////?///////?///////////////////?////////xX

MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
an
The owner Serves
The buyer Saves
must
CEMETERY MEMORIALS
SPECIALS
We have received a shipment of granite and marble memorials before prices increased and as result we can offer thrse to the public at
the old prices,
Phone, 278
3
Hursley Black Tea, special, per lb. 75c Cracked Wheat, per pound
Rice, per pound............
Tomato Juice, 105-oz tin...
Heinz Catsup, 14-oz bottle.
Heinz Catsup, 8-oz bottle Heinz Soup, assorted 2 for 3 Star Salad Dressing, 8 oz.
16 oz.
5c
11c
43c
28c
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
15c
*##*#*»##*»* f1
PUBLIC NOTICE
Cemetery Donations
29c
• •
18c
E
To the matter uf the estate op the
LATE Mies MARY ANN BR VBA/.ON. 10 her
lifetime of the Village o( Portage da Fort, County of Pontiac.
All persons having claims Against the above estate are requested to 6le the vame within fifteen day», at the office of the node:signed notary.
Teacher Wailed
i
30c
3
Dr. D. J. Campbell, treausurer of the Village Cemetery Improvement Fund, acknowledges with thanks the following
«I
it
44
Raw Furs Wanted
i
Iodized Salt 2 lbs. Pearl Soap, 5 bars
10c
I wish to announce to the public that 1 am in the market foi all kind* r>f Seasonable Raw Fur and assure highest market prices.
Prof osant teacher holding a Quebec donations Elementary Diploma for school, term 1942— ultra apply to
mt L Davidson ' p^viously acknowledged.164 08
43. For full partie- R Hodgins, Calgary	###
Dr >lcGuire6jH*jj***J|
JOHN e HOWARD,
Secretary Treasurer Davidson, Quebec
28c
2 00
3 00
i
NORRIS R HORNER,
Licensed Fur Dealer •	!? ' Shaw ville Que
Mrs T At Kades County L O. L.. Mrs. Sam Sinclair
3 00
H. C. RuWAT, N. P. Shuwville, Que.
2 00
I 00

###PAGE###6###



r| ; ' f
mm
.if
/
London Papers Still Advertising
VOICE
NDIVIDUAL-
$sw

t ** "
THE
O F
>
PRESS
Every Advertisement Direct Testimony Te Felth In The
Future
f
BUti
MAN
7) ip


MAIIWCF
IRWIN j
A Weekly Column About Th» and That m The Canadian Army
CARELESS TALK Some people have been inclined |e scoff at posters displayed at various points in Canada warning against careless talk of such things as ship departures. It eeems at times that the caution voiced is rather exaggerated, that words dropped among could not possibly do
London, where food and clothing are rationed and the eh op pen are “less than 20 minute#" from the enemy, is still carrying on its newspaper advertising.
Lord & Thomas, New York advertising firm, recently issued a study prepared by its London branch on British business and advertising in the third year ot war, said:
“Woven deep Into the ways or democracy is advertising; A bridge between the freedom of popole to buy and the freedom of people to sell. No Nasi bombing has been able to destroy that
bridge in Britain.
"Every advertisement appearing there today is a flag of defiance; is direct testimony to someone’s faith in the future ; is someone’s
toast to victory.”
Papers Cut Down
Since the Nazi invasion of Scandinavia whence Britain obtained the bulk of its paper pulp, British newspapers have been reduced to four-page issues and no large posters are available.
Because of this the demand for advertising space in Britain far exceeds the supply but items advertised there include: Soap, radios, dog food, chocolate, shoes, tooth paste, cider, vaseline, beer,
fur coats, clothing.	x
The British Government is the largest single advertiser in the newspapers, placing 17 Pev cen^
of all advertisements published
and even on such a major news announcement as the clothes rationing order, used paid advertising space.
Lord and Thomas said government advertising has had this ef


BETTER

dier is permitted to carry a
stick” therefore both# modern equivalent ef
Last week the only reference made in this column to Army slang had a slight note of acidity. This week as Ed. Wynn used to “The programme is going to be different.” For once the resurrection of Army slang from the dim mists of a peaceful past ties up very directly with a piece ef news full of Interest for the members of the Individual Citl-ien’s Army and their army of relatives and friends.
The term is “Square-pushing” and the news the promised issue of a “walking out dress” to all Canadian “other ranks.” haps 1 should clarify ranks.” This term means all soldiers other than commissioned officers. It saves paper, which is a commendable war time economy, and it saves breath, a wise
thing to do at any time, this term not available, it would be necessary to speak of “officers, warrant officers, non-commissioned officers and men.” So the two-word substitution is an economy.
“swagger comes
a square-pushing uniform.
With the aid of a copy of “Songs and slang of the British soldier—1914-1918” — which Is the personal property of e ber of the staff of the Historical Section of the Army In Ottawa, 1 have been able to locate several definitions of “square-pushing.”
The term is first recorded in the 1880’s as being current in garrison artillery units and its orgiin is thought to be derived from the fact that soldiers were frequently seen escorting nursemaids as they pushed their perambulators around the “squares,” then a frequent feature of town-planting. Later the term “square-pushing,” according to the authority, was applied to a soldier going out in the evening “to court a particular girl or perhaps to find one.” In 191418 this piece of Army slang revived again to apply Particularly to boots and, since members of the Canadian Expeditionary Force were amongst the best paid allied soldiers, it is quite likely that they were the principal purchasers of civilian boots to wear with their uniforms when off parade and attending social events, Le., “square-pushing.”
All of this becomes very apt once again as the new issue of “walking out dress” includes — something unheard of prior to T ( — to use the Ordnance
“shoes black, low, leather,
ual
VALUE
#0
friends
say
The story told by a British sea-ln New York, however, is almost an exact duplication of the picture story told on some of these wall cards. It is the tale of a sailor revealing to a girl friend time of departure of his ship, and of the news traveling from mouth to mouth until it was relayed by means of a signal to a lurking submarine, and the vesse. sunk with heavy loss of Hfa.
that should make It is a deadly
m
t,
mem-
a #

Ç-
l
> A

V

/
Per-“other
Commentary on Current Events
THE WAR - WEEK	____________________
United Nations Stand With Backs To Wall In Far Eastern Battle
I X { I | ¦ HMgj have to disperse their for"
ces and materials over the face of the earth. Americans are flfht-tng on the land, sea and air In the Far Bast. An American wedl-tlonary force has landed In Northern Ireland. American supplies are going to Britain, Russia. Africa and
the Middle Bast.	jf
Neither power ¦ ¦	| _
Russia down and permit Hitler to
come back next summer and nullify the winter victory which the .
consolidating. The
Aua-
lt Is a story everyone think, example of just how dangerous it Jb to drop even a casual word.
Careless talk doea ,cost lives.
—Windsor Star
States
Were
One bright spot In a far from cheerful picture of the Battle of the Pacific la the news that a United States naval force has arrived In New Zealand and that other reinforcements have landed at stations along the 4,000 mile route from Pearl Harbour. This is an Important victory. It means that the supply line from America to Its terminus in New Zealand Is open for reinforcements and for the vital weapons of war.
In two months of war In the Far Bast the enemy, striking with superior man, naval and air power, has pressed the initial advantage of surprise into far reaching gains. The lot of the United Nations has been one of retreat until now they stand at bay In their key defense positions. The call has gone out from headquarters to hold at all costs for reinforcements are on the way.	____________
“SMACK JAPS”
A boatswain’s mate rushed into a Chinese laundry in New York niui asked for his bundle in a hurry, because he had to report for duty at noon. He didn’t have a ticket but Gey ne Sun didn’t throw at him the old chestnut: «No tickee, no laundie.” Instead he pushed the sailor’s dollar bill hack to him and gave the fellow hie laundry, saying: “No monie. Smack Japs.” And no doubt that Mate will smack ’em if he gets half a chance.
was
The relationship between the •tory of the new uniform and the slang terra “Square-pushing” ia very close. In the piping times of
and I admit there are
Intends to let
peace
those who never associate bagpipes with peac issued with two uniforms, one in which to train and fight, and the other, frequently variations of scarlet and blue or the dark green of rifle regiments, for walking out after the day’s training was over. This “walking out” uniform in barracks was known' ae the “square-pushing” uniform, and although today’s young soldier ie perhaps not familiar with “square-pushing rig” as a colloquial definition the term does not apply to him because by the middle of March he will be the proud possessor of—to revert to the piping times of peace again— what we used to call a “best suit.”
This new uniform, a picture oi which appeared In this paper two or three weeks ago, consista of a smartly cut jacket and slacks, black low shoes of a lighter weight than the issued “ammunition boots” worn with battle dress, collars and tie and raincoat. In general appearance, although it is cut of the same weight ef serge as were our jackets in the last war, it very closely resembles the jacket worn by offi-
to the brass-buckled The breast pockets
Russians are
demands of the Far Bast and trails cannot be met at the cost of giving aid and comfort to Hitler
in that fashion.
Churchill’s Forecast Britain also cannot relax tor a
minute in Africa. [ mentarlly are. going poorly In Libya, showing the need . lot
considerable reinforcements.
feat there would expose the Sues Canal and the oil fields of Irak, Iran and the Caucasus to Axis
* Likewise, Britain and the United
weak eh	H *
the soldier was
>
Peterborough Examiner
A.D. 1941
ANTIMACASSAR
Macassar, a section of Celebes which borders the Strait of Macassar, where a Japanese convoy baa been battered was famous in
the eighteenth century as the of Macassar oil, used as a The oil was so popular
term, WÊÊÊÊ pairs one.”
Things mo-
public is developing than ever habita of
“The
75 Nazi Soldiers
Meet 6 Britishers
stronger
studying advertising columns for instructions and advice ... of utmost Importance in their lives. The effect of this, on the future ef advertising, Is incalculable.’
The firm concluded from its study prepared as the United
States plunged into the
“Drastic changes in our lue and business are surely ahead of us. But this (study) will serve he purpose if It shows one thing.
only defeat —
De-
How long can they ’’hold that line?” The allied task la complicated by the extended lines of the Japanese attacks, stretching over nearly 5,000 miles of land and water. They have opened up so danger points that Allied
source hair oil.
that cloth covers, known as antimacassars, came into use to protect the backs of chairs from hair ee which it had been employed.
—Sault Ste. Marie Star
There’s not much anyone can do with the. odds standing at 76 to six, so the Britishers just set beck and smoked. Londoners got the story from a New Zealand soldier broadcasting to the British
Isles.
their
cannot
States
strength In the Atlantic to bolster their naval forces In the Vat ino and Mediterranean. American supplies must be kept flowing across the Atlantic at all costs and this requires hear/ convoys. The Oer-already have carried their
V\ar.
many
forces are unable to concentrate tor the proper defense of any one. With Japan's shorter lines of communications, the enemy has been able to throw superior forces against every point attached.
ANOTHER WAR PERILg
Another of the unlisted perils #f *ar—the danger that people may become cross-eyed trying to watch both the Atlantic and the
Pacific at the same time.
___Stratford Beacon-Herald
THE OLD DAYS Men’s flashy socks are another thing that is out for the duration. However, these are a minor vanity ef the days when Elmer, of Pippin Centre, used to drive along Main street with one foot outside the buggy box—and stunned ’em.
—Hamilton Spectator
During the fighting back and forth across the scorching sands of Libya, six British trucks with their crews were returning to their column when they ran smack into 76 German trucks going in the opposite direction.
The Germans pulled to the side of the road and stopped. The British did likewise. And because there didn’t seem to be anything else to do about It, all lit ep
That not war deetroys the ways of democracy, the spirit, humor and enterprise
el a free people.”
British advertising, Lord ana Thomas said, protects the advertisers’ investment in trade names, keeps contact with the changing habits of the public and the new markets growing up in the war, and “fulfill# its responsibility of maintaining the freedom of the press by non-government support”
besides upholding public morale.
of the
submarine warfare to these shores and generally are expected to produce a new burst of undersea# fury In the spring.
Not long ago Mr. Churchill warned that “Japanese naval supremacy will last long enough for Japan to Inflict many heavy and painful
the United Nations and
Japanese Strategy
The strategy of Japan’s vast ex pension I s t programme Is now clear. For years systematic planning, spying and waiting have been part of this stupendous scheme of conquest. The little yellow men have charted every channel and shoal from the Strait of Malacca to the reefs of Australia and on Into the mid Pacific. They have surveyed every Allied land defense and know their weaknesses. They have mapped out Jungle trails and spotted suitable ground for air bases. Thus the Japanese knew where to attack and how and, as In the case of Pearl Harbor, when.
With the fall of Singapore imminent, the Allies haV*.been forced to move their Far Eastern fleets to Dutch East Indies bases. An all-out desperate attempt must be made to hold Java and Sumatra.
Norway Invasion I
Costly To Germans key points in the defensive system
_______	I of the United Nations, forming a
In the	—
revealed that Norway made a sizable contribution to the Allied cause in the form of deaths and damages inflicted on the German fighting forces when Germany invaded Norway and during the 62 days of open warfare that follow-The conquest cost the Germans between 60 and 70 thousand lives (some estimates run as high a# 100,000) ; it cost Germany one-third of her navy; it cost (servait amounts of war mater-
F >
losses on ¦¦¦ 1 their establishment# in the f ar East,” and added “I belleYe we shall presAitly regain naval command Id the Pacific tnd begin to establish effective superiority In the air. Later oil—in 194S-- we should be able to set about our task In the Pacific In good style.”
cigarettes.
For a few seconds all was quiet, then the firing started and the Britons ran the gauntlet past the German trucks and rejoined their unit safely.
ears even
?
cloth belt, have the regulation Army pleat lm them and there are patch pockets in the aides. This uniform, with which the “off parade” sol-
»
»
The firm said one strongest supports of British morale has been the “stubborn’ resistance of the retail disruptions while “buying and selling keep making the best of it.”
Since Jan. 1, 1942, shops may open a new business. Any opened since Oct. 28, 1941, had to be granted a government license after proving their services were needed.
>
* AND STARTED BACK
Hitler went Into Russia to find
Then
By Fred Neher
New Command
Vice-Admiral, C. E. L. HelfrlcL of the Royal Netherlands Navy has succeeded Admiral Thomas C. Hart a# commander of the United Nations, sea forces in the Mast Indies. Ill-health forced the American commander to retire.
tl to considered that Helfrleb, in the defense of hts homeland, will follow a policy of “no retreats”, commensuate with «on-serving his forces for the most effective blows against Mio Invaders.
The sea areas over which the Invaders must move to press home their conquest are scalloped with tiny hays and Inlet# from which the presumably Inferior defending force# may dash out to harry their convoys and wage hit-and-run war on their fighting units.
Admiral Helfrlch was described by an American naval spokesman a mn«tcr In those tactics.
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
to turn around in. he turned around.
no new retail
Brandon Sun
[
Russia Too Busy
To Attack J apan
Naturally, it would be a great lellef to our forces In the Far teet If the heart of Japan were bembarded, as it easily could be, bom the neighborhood of Vladi-TMtok. But the w*r haa to be considered in regard to all its operation# on all fronts. There b mo greater service that Russia eould render at this juncture than lm engage the massive land armies of Hitler with mil her resources, pm# to continue to inflict the heavy blows she is now dealing. H is true, she has an equipped mmd self-dependent army in Far Hestern Siberia, and is capable ef Healing with any attack that Ja-might make. But it Is obvi-
_ that the opening of a bent would be a distraction from her supreme effort in the west.
H is what Hitler would desire, therefore, obviously what we should not desire.


i
%
%
•IS

y


%
%
msr
y
W
m
y.
Q&
rampart between the Indian Ocean and the China Sea.
Burma Is lu grave danger. Tim Burma Hoad, the vital life-line of supplies from the United Nations* arsenal to China is threatened The loss of Burma would bn a deadly blow to China.
Watching Hitler
Should Singapore fall and the Japanese, become entrenched on the East Indies and Java, they would he masters for the time being of the entire Sourhwest Pacific with the exception of Australia
come the Allied stronghold and the point from which the United Nations would have to fight Urn long way hack. The Island continent Is preparing to meet the growing threat of a direct Invasion.
Were Japan alone to be dealt with, the job would be finished quickly. But Britain and the Untied
4
-*
? *\'4
x\
Mi I
/
*
I
4M
%


ed.





f


as
many .... ials; it cost Germany her first de feat on land when the city of Narvik was recaptured by Norwegian and British forces. Perhaps most important of all, it cost Germany valuable time—62 days of fighting for what was carefully planned as an “overnight job.' That delay was probably in part responsible for the postponement of the invasion of England.
THREE MEN
Franklin 1). Roosevelt was 11)41 Man of the Year, hut Adolf Hitler remains the World's No. 1 poison. . Your description of
\
new
Australia, would then he
¦4
/
F
ality .
Churchill as: “wholly British and half American” is aptly put to say the least. If ever any man rated the title of “Man-and-a-half” It's the British prime minister.
—Two Letters in Time Magasine

Supply of Rubber On Alkali Deserts

any thing 1 know."
“Nobody ever asks
On the alkali deserts of six western states there are 600,100,000 pounds of natural rubber
__enough to supply the United
Slates for five months—ready for Immediate harvesting, University ef California scientists informed
Ike government.
This rubber, although not quite as good as the prime product from As East Indies, is entirely satisfactory, the experts reported. Most important, they said, is that ft is already on hand and can be collected and made into tires, tabes and other finished products
without undue effort.
It exists in the rabbit brush, a large perennial shrub which cov-vast stretches of the West’s
California,
By GENE BYRNES
/
REG’LAR FELLERS—Chance of a Lifetime

ITS ALL TOUR FAULT, AQSIE,	,
dnTa tempted me/ i
FINE /NOW JUST HOLD IT UNTIL I CJET TOO FOCUSSED f
ssHitsr.
TA
NOW TAKE OFF TOUR HAT LOOK TO THE LEFT, PUDOINHEAD
AND

mcy/


I
•1 »
r
J.
• »
I
I
»


I
I
m
f


V

I 4L

A
Jl
<
great open spaces. l Nevada and Colorado have most
of it but there are large tracts
Mexico, Utah, Idaho
!

r*
also in



ans other states.







r;: -






?


###PAGE###7###

TABLE TALKS
A JOLLY TEA PARTY
1
4L
HELP CANADA KEEP FIT
P

¦
> F

A Sparkle of Jetty Gives Life to Salad
X...



3

SB 1





WM

There is no Salad more appeal-
It has

i
Ing than a jellied mould, all the advantages of attractive form, opportunities for color, arrangement and infinite variety.
Almond Salad


m
mm
Vs cup vinegar % cup sugar 2 tablespoons gelatine 1 cup pineapple juicé Vs cup sweet cucumber pickles
Vs cup almonds % cup crushed pineapple If vinegar is strong dilute with part water (lemon juice may be used). Cook vinegar and sugar together until it spins a thread. Soak gelatine in pineapple juice and dissolve in the hot syrup. Grind cucumber pickle through the chopper. Blanch and split almonds and add pineapple. Combine mixtures, mould and serve cold on lettuce with mayonnaise.
Cranberry Salad Cook cranberries with just enough water to cover. Add % cup sugar to one cup cranberries. Have plain gelatine soaked — 1 envelope to a pint of juice — and stir in the usual way. Some prefer to strain %he cranberries but a richer jelly results if the berries are not strained.
Place round flat moulds of cranberry jelly on crisp leaves of lettuce. Spread a layer of finely chopped celery over each mould. Spread salad dressing over the top and sprinkle thickly with salted almonds which have been chopped, or cut into small pieces. This is a delicious and highly attractive salad accompaniment to the meat course.
Red Cherry Salad 2 tablespoons gelatine [•
M cup cold water Boiling water ft cup celery (cut fine)
Juice of 2 oranges 1 lb. can red cherries (pitted) % cup sugar Vs cup pecan nuts Soften gelatine in cold watei and dissolve in a little boiling
Add the other ingredl-
Add boiling
A
Thousands of active business and professional men have > benefited from the habit of ÏJ breakfasting on Nabisco y Shredded Wheat, milk and fresh fruit.
Nabisco Shredded Wheat le 100% whole wheat in a tasty and easily-digested form, with all the wheat germ and other natural food elements retained.
Eat Nabisco Shredded Wheat every day, and help keep ready for service in the National Fitness Program.
ÎM1 CANADIAN SHREDDED WHEAl COMPANY, LTD.
X


f

, v








wjff
VI mM

Jr

- V# \p






#

c-xv:

Him
i
left to r demon, Winnipeg.
remember to be gracio when telling the newsboy gg People like these make one think Confucius did not speak quite in vain when advising us al to behave when out of doors ns though “entertaining a dUtieg-uiehed guest."—Christian Science
Monitor.
In the past the British Government has been paying for a portion of its purchases by its exporte to Canada, but these are necessarily diminishing. Britain has also sold Canadian Government securities held in Britain. It also has interest and dividends received from Canadian securities owned by Britain.
These revenue sources have covered only part of Canada's exports to the United King-I dom and the surplus of sterling in British banks to Canada's oredit has been steadily growing.
To clarify the situation the Dominion Government has made the suggestion to the British Government that this surplus should be onverted to a loan of $700,000,000 in Canadian funds.
The loan will be without interest during the war, and as soon as practicable after the war some rate of interest should be mutually arranged. The loan will be redue-ed by any sales to persons outside of Britain of Canadian*# I curities held in that country.
Prime Minister Winston Churchill and the House of Commons "I paid warm tribute to Canada for its generous credit of £200,000,-I 000 worth of munitions and food to Britain.
I This gift is regarded with feel-1 inge of keenest appreciation and
it was officially
can
on a smart, fast pony again. It felt good, too, to lunge at the ball, hear and feel the meaty crack as wood connected with wood.
In the first chukker, he scored two goals, one of them on a solo daah yp the field on a 50-yard final terrific smash through the
posts.
“Nice going!" Larry yelled, and
Dugan grinned back.
* # *
“In a few day: I’ll give you the detail*. However, that proposition from Midwest had absolutely nothing to do with the fact that I advised you to sell that tract of land to them a couple of days ago.
Lessons In Love
by
JERRY BRONDF1ELD
SYNOPSIS
Last Week:	Barbara, Dugan
and Unde Hank are invited to Larry’s place for the week-end. After they arrive, Hank takes Dugan aside, tells him he has learned that a rival oil company, the same one involved in business deal with Hank, has offered Du gau a job. When Hank tells Barbare, aha rushes to Dugan and accuses him of being a thief. Angered, he takes her by the hand d they set out together to find
Hank and talk over the matter.
e e e
DUGAN PERFORMS
CHAPTER VIII Dugan dragged Barbara down the hall to her uncle’s room, knocked a couple gof times and
entered.	.......
“I haven’t been invited," he
said abruptly, "but I came anyway, in defense of myself. In the first place, Hank, I've been look-iug for you all night to explain that Midwest proposition. You know, I might have expected such distrust and suspicion from your lovely niece, but certainly not from you.”
He 5 looked from one to the
other, hbhbhnhbhbhihi
by Dugan’s explosive action.
“I can’t say much more right now, Hank,” Dugan continued.
“You’ll just have to believe me, that’s all, Hank. Still further, for-your information, I had intention of leaving your organization for any price. You should have known that. I was going to ask you for a three months' Jcsve of absence. Yes, I was goring over to Midwest for 90 days —with your permission.”
He paused for breath.
Chase looked bewildered. HHI
“I can’t tell you any more right but of course you don’t have
“SELF-HELP” DRESS
no
On the sidelines Barbara turned begrudging but appreciative eyes on the dark-faced No, 1 who looked as though he was part of the horse rather than a rider, as he rode off the enemy and swung his mallet with a seemingly reckless but unerring manner.
“You’ve got to hand it to him,” Sue Bishop murmured. "The man’s good and there’s no denying it.”
“I’m not denying it,” Barbara
co unte red. |||||||||||||||||||||||| HHHH
polo player, of course, hasn’t been a better rider on this field since Tommy Hitchcock played here five years ago.”
Sue arched a surprised eyebrow. “All that from you?”
“Have to give the devil his
war
o
o
Hank
now,
to listen at any time, especially since you don’t particularly place much faith in me at present.”
Hank Chase extended his hand. “Dugan, I don’t know what’s in the wind, but I’m a little ashamed of myself to think what I did.
you since you were a kid in tom breeches. I’m sorry, Dugan. Forgive me?”
The hard lines in Dugan Blake’s face softened. He gripped Hank Chase’s hand.
Then he turned to Barbara. “I’m sorry you called me a thief,” he siid strangely. His voice had a brittle tinge to it.	¦
be very glad to move out of your house.” He bowed slightly.
water.
ants except nut#, water to make one quart liquid. Cool in individual moulds and
crisp lettuce leaves with
“He’s terrific—as •
There

a
serve on
mayonnaise. Garnish with pecan
nuts. Serves six.
Fruit and Ginger Salad
| tablespoons gelatine 1 cup hot water
1	— pint ginger ale % cup lemon juice
S tablespoons sugar % teaspoon salt
2	tablespoons Canton ginger
(chopped)
Soften gelatine in a little cold water and dissolve in boiling
Add ginger ale, lemon
When
After all these years
e • •
due.”
“Yon Mister Grover doesn’t do badly, himself,” Sue observed. “He’s playing a better game than I i a hadn’t you noticed?”
•o
ever, or
Barbara agreed, but as the horses thundered up and down the field her eyes somehow al-m an age cl to pick out the
satisfaction,
stated.
“And 111
Barbara sat, still stunned
Russia May Soon Use Dneiper Dam
ways
Briar Hill No. 1 man.
She didn’t know Uncle Hank had come up until he spoke.
“From one extreme to the other,” said Uncle Hank, nodding in the general direction of Dugan.
“What do you mean?”
He grinned. “A week ago you were complaining about the utter lack of masculinity in these parts. Now you’ve got a sample which has you all but begging for mercy.”
“And if that’s only a sample,” Sue cracked, “just think what would happen if he were the actual product.”
(Continued Next Week)
water. I*#** juice, sugar and salt, partly stiffened stir in the chopped ginger. Mould individually or aa a whole. Serve with a cream dressing. Served with salted or cheese wafers, the salad has an extra zest.

Dugan, strolling past the house the next day shortly after lunch, wandered over to a group watching Sue Bishop shoot arrows at a big target 40 feet away.
“Come here, Barbara,” dhe called disgustedly. “I never was any good at this stuff in school
Show the
%
The giant turbines and other equipment of the Dnieper River dam power station were mantled and moved east before the structure was blown up and left to the German invaders last yea r, representatives of Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic said. The Ukrainian headquarters said the turbines soon would be used again to generate electricity for Russian industry.
dis-
3343%k

the
-b
SIXES 8 APPI.I4V IT
Mise Chamber» welce letters from Interested readers. Hie I» pleased to receive suggestions en loples for her eoluma. nnd Is even ready to listen te your “pel
la for reel pee or
and I’m worse now. folks how an expert bends this hunk of wood, will you?”
Barbara, sprawled on the grass, laughed and got to her feet. She took the bow from Sue and in rapid succession put three arrows into the blue circle next to the small golden bull’s eye. A mur-of admiration rose from the
group watching.
Dugan Blako couldn’t resist the impulse. He found himself walking out and taking the bow from Barbara’s unprotesting hand.
Quickly fitting an arrow to the string, he sighted briefly and let fly. It smacked into the gold centre. So did a second arrow. The third practically split his first two.
INC L.
With Heart Appliques
By Louise Lennox
She’s a sweetheart in th* charming young dress that’s cut
On H°w T° Behave
when Out of Doors enables her to dress without your
------- aid, and the skirt that’s flared
The boy who helps a timid wo-	for freedom of action. A crimp
to cross a traffic artery, the	white collar and white cuffs keep
her looking as fresh as a daisy, and ga> red hearts run all around the hem. The dress can be made with a tie-belt, if you prefer. Included in the pattern are long and short sleeves as well as matching panties.
Style No. 3343 is designed for sizes 2, 4, 6 and 8 years. Size 4 requires 1% yards of 35-inch fabric with % yard contrasting for collar and cuffs; % yard 36-inch fabric for hearts; % yard for panties. Applique is Included in pattern.
peeve»." Hey
eue err le order. Add re»»
appelai----—	-,_J P|M i __
veer lellere to **!Hle» Medle B. Chambers. 73 West Adelaide street. Te*
___te." Seed «lamped »e!f-addre*eed
eevelope If you wl«h e reply
Canada’s War Gift To Mother Country
mur
Partly Worn Tires Can Be Dangerous
l.
PAY
man
automobile driver who. waits for an e.deny pedestrian who is caught between the change of traf-
MS i *1
MÊMmmM
S25 inW1tL.COcVount?yr,until8 early S want a newspaper but atül in 1943.
The new arrangement will not increase Canada’s financial burden, as Canada has already agreed to supply the money for British purchases of supplies. But it “will avoid the growth to huge and unmanageable proportions of a war debt which might breed serious misunderstandings and bitterness in the future.” It will also definitely relieve Britain of any financial anxiety in connection with Canadian supplias Mr. King explained.
Financial assistance has been extended to Britain for some time.
Britain has paid for a large portion of its purchases in this country in sterling exchange, which has been on deposit in London and which cannot 1 be used in Canada. Manufacturers and producers in Canada have been paid for these exports by the Dominion Government in Canadian dollars, and to cover these payments the Government has raised money by taxes and loans.
LESS
To Contribute War Supplies Valued at $1,000,000,000
Tire rationing brings with it a pressing problem of safety.
Many, many of us are going to drive on old tires that would have : been traded in sooner in normal times.	•
They have a lot more miles in them, and with care can render , long service. But remember that old, slick tires are dangerous at high speeds.
There’ll be a lot of old-tire accidents unless we are careful. Old j tires, even retreaded tires, cannot j be expected to hold up like new
There will be more blow-- j outs on the highways as aging rubber and fabric give way, If j you are travelling fast when the blowout happens it may be just too bad for you and your family.
Even if your tires aren’t worn to the danger point, drive slower, anyway. The tires will last longer. Sudden stops and speed on curves _ wear out rubber much sooner than does easy driving.
Calumet is priced surprisingly low, probably less than the baking powder you are now using.
2.
He handed the bow back to bara. “Talents no end,” he mocked, and he saw her lips tighten.
Barbaia saw the grins on the encircled faces as Dugan walked
USE
LESS
Calumet's doublé-action means double leavening—during mixing and in the oven— permitting you to use
away.	-j g £
Sue whispered over her shoulder. “It’s about time you gave up, don’t you think, before this gang discovers he can even thread a needle faster than you.”
“Knowing what I do about needles and the art of threading them, I’m pretty well convinced that he can,” Barbara replied gloomily.
Send twenty cents (20c), (coin is preferred) for pattern to Room 421, 73 Adelaide SL West, Toronto. Write plainly your nam* address and style number. sure to state size you wish. .
ones.
ISSUE 8—'42
Be
3.
^BETTER
RESULTS
Calumet's continuous leactnmg means finer, better textured results for all your baking.
GOOD EATING NEWS

“I hope you’re not disappointed in me,” Dugan told Larry as he tried on the boots which had been loaned to him. “You easterners play a mighty tough brand of polo, and I’m not kidding myself,
either.”
Larry snorted. “Listen, guy. From what I’ve heard about the way you handle a horse and mallet, I’m just wondering whether
Bran Prune recipe:
1 cup cooked prunes % cup light brown sugar
“Mae West” Belt*
For The Soldier*
“Mm West," * smell lifebelt, 1» the Army's answer to the problem of enabling soldiers to swim with rifles snd full equipment across deep streams and rivers. It is worn deflated around the waist and over equipment, and a strap round the shoulders and middle holds it in place. A soldier can put it on and inflate it himself in one minute. Two hundred and eighty pounds is thu maximum weight which it wilt carry. In an emergency it would bear two men.
All-Bran Prune Upside Down Cake S ¦
If	% cup prune juice
1 tablespoon lemon juice
BAKING
2 tablespoons butter
1 euTsurar"1*4	1%	teaspoons baking	powder
W cup bet water	%	teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon vanilla	extract	Vs.	cup All Hi an	_
1 tablespoon melted shortening 1 cup whipping cream
Pit prunes and cut in half; arrange in buttered cake pan;
sprinkle with sugar and juices; dot with butter.	. ,, ,
Beat egg yolks well; add sugar and continue beating. Add hot
Turn upside down on large plate while hot. Serve with whipped
we can keep up with you. go.”
They trotted past a string of cars as they came onto the 'field. Larry waved at Barbara seated on the rear of a convertible. Dugan rode past without so much as a glance.
Larry placed Dugan at the hard-riding No. 1 position, and instantly Dugan felt a tingle shoot through him. It felt good, sitting
ft*
cream.	. x
Yield: 8 2 x 4-inch pieces (8 x 8-rnch pan).

x
j
V
a—
###PAGE###8###
ü i me
Steps in Animal Learning
Stored* Rays of Sun
Used in House Heating * Shown bjrScientific Test
animals came Into fore man or even
BANKING for the FARM
Aaaval Meeting of District Red Cross At Hull, February 27th
Wilson’s Garage
Use of the stored rays of the sun Use of tools for house heating is the subject of existence long an extensive research program un- the higher apes evolved, Dr. Carl derway at the Massachusetts In- j. Warden, associate professor of stitute of Technology.	_ psychology at Columbia university.
Seeking to utilize advantageously says in reporting the completion of the vast energy emitted by the sun, a series of tests. It was discovered and trap the heat for useful pur- that the lower primates were capa-poses of man, Tech has built an ex- ble of employing a series of rakes to perimental house, designed to cap- obtain food placed out of their reach, lure waste heat and "store" it in the Not only did the monkeys use the basement.	*r	rakes, which varied from one to
In the basement of the especially about three feet in length, but they designed laboratory house is a large developed an insight into the prob-well-insulated water storage tank to lem which enabled them to succeed be used for ironing out the fluctua- in using the tools without a hap-lions in heat collected from a source hazard trial and error method, so variable as the sun. The build- Failure to get the food caused tag’s heating system consists of a some of the monkeys to act very method of forced air circulation so much like spoiled children. When arranged that the flow of air can be the problem became too difficult for either over the hot tank surface or some of them to solve they flew into through the coils of a refrigeration # tantrum, kicking their feet, bit-system to be installed later. This ing the rakes and tearing their hair, refrigeration system, operating on On the other hand success often an absorption principle, will utilize made them eager to continue using Three Protestant Female Teachers sunlight as its heat source.	the tools,
with Elementary Diplomas for schools | prof. Hoyt Hottel of M. I. T. states The monkeys were placed in a No t 2 and 3. Salary 8 550.00 per that, although several types of ener- cage approximately three feet annum r Duties to commence Sept. 1st, gy collectors, or	"heat traps," are	square and food was left on a long
laio	~	to be tried, first	attention is to be	platform just out of their reach. The
given to a shallow box-like heat col- first step was to leave a short rake lecting device placed in a recess on lying along side of the food in Sec.-Treat irer the roof of the building. The bot- such a manner that if the monkey Maslurn School Roai.l torn of the box is a thin sheet of pulled in the rake he would autometal painted black to absorb the matically get the food. Later the utmost amount	of solar energy,	rake was separated from the food
Firmly fixed to	the under side of	and the animal had to learn how to
PUBLIC NOTICE the sheet is a series of small thin- grasp the rake at the right end and
walled metal tubes which are heat- "hook" the food for hiriiself.
iESSIiüEi iiesif
t} ' nn htrtjtrned	it strikes the metal sheet. Beneath | The ability to use tools has in the
H C. ROW AT, N. P. the box is a layer of mineral wool j past been thought to be exclusively Shaw ville, (jue. to prevent the escape of heat In that j a characteristic of man and the
direction.	higher primates, such as gorillas,
After the water has been warmed chimpanzees, and orangutans. This in the heat collector, it passes te ! experiment definitely shows that the the storage tank in the basement. use of tools originated long before Depending upon the size of the I even the chimpanzee evolved, insulated tank, water be hot from a few weeks to a half a year by this method.
bbe
Saving# and Checking Accounts.
loan#, to finance—purchases of livestock for feeding—dairy activities and other seasonal requirements of farm operation.
Safety Deposit Boxes — Cashing of '«WjjfipPE Cheques—Produce Tickets, ate.
Money Orders and Drafts for Remittances.
Tl\e Same Reliable Scnici
The annual meeting of the Hull and District Branch of the taua-dian Red Cross Society will be held at the City Hull, Hull, at one o'clock, Friday afternoon, hebv 27th. All members in possession of a 1041 membership card are entitled to attend.
«
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
SE
Ford Service
Tomatoes An Essential Food
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
J. Pu Wilson
Main -Street Shawvllle | Quebec
Phone 40
SAVE
Our manager» are in touch U'ith condition» and trili gladly coupera te in any po»»ibie direc tion.
LEND TO CANADA
Fanners of the Vnited Counties of Lennox ami Addington were urged by William New man, of the Ontario Marketing Hoard, to grow more tomatoes in 1U42 “ Tomatoes are an essential food he said, and are one of the four essentials for which the government has promise J that cans will be provided, even in the face of the present shortage of tin which may seriously affect its use as containers tor
leap necessary foods."
Farmers were asked to increase their prod action at least 25 p.c.
of
The
1ST a; 1132 —OVie A CENTURY OF IANKINO IXMRIINCI
Teachers Wanted
ESTABLISHED 1883
Applp to
JUS. NESBITT.
Amy Enlistments in Canadn
COACH
INVALID
Enlistments in Canada s armed forces from the outbreak of war to last Dec. 31 totalled 424,605. it was revealed in returns tabled in the House of Commons on Monday in answer to questions asked by a member.
Canada's army personnell serving outside Canada was placed at “ more than 155,000." No figures were given for the personnel! of the Royal Canadian N avy and the Royal Canadian Air force
on tside the Dominion.
Division of enlistments among the forces was : Army, 399,059 ; navy, Air Force, 99,405, Navy, 26,141.
I
GEO. HYNES & SON
Rupert, Que
i
DIRECTORS OF FUNERAL SERVICE
C^Shawville Cue.
I
Phone 80
zizïzlzizizizi/ ziz z z z-z /
ziziz ziziz ZiZlZiZiZlZ Z ZiZ.ZiZ,Z|y|Z:Z ZIZiZ
y ziziziziziz
Hodgins Oarage
Service Announcement
ANNOUNCEMENT
Sunday, March 1st.
Sha» ville United Church Rev A. F. Fokes R. A * ti.Df Pastor 1 LOO a. m. Service at Shaw ville
1.30	p. m. — Service at Zion,
— Service at Stark s Corners The Holy Scriptures "
7.30	p. in.—Service at Shawville 44 The S.orm gathers around Jesus
Chevrolet, Buick,
Sales «— Service
The loc<tl ReJ Cross Society, working
th the Voluntary
I
in co operation H ¦¦¦¦L Blood Donors Services for war purposes prepared to luve volunteer donors examined locally. Doctors McDowel and Powlea have kindly offered their services fur pielimimry extminatioi. They have the necessary report cards or same may be obtained from Mr. It. Hodgins, onvener of
The Shawville & District Red Cross
Rev K. 0. Bolton,
Secretary
Here9! Latest 'Best Way'
To Train Your Children
A plan for making a child behave n	,correctly has been evolved by the
Will Have No Campus I Cornell university’s nursery school.
The model university of the future, The principles were developed President James D. Hoskins of the from a year’s record of the actions University of Tennessee believes, of children at the home economics will be one in which a large majority nursery, school. They were photo-of the students never appear on the graphed in the act of refusing, or campus.	agreeing, to see eye to eye with
Instead they will be going to their elders. Every childish trick, school in their own community un- gesture and facial expression was der a highly developed extension recorded in picture and sound, service plan which will send teach-, After months of study, instructors ers to them.	decided parents should :
"After all," Hoskins said, "a state 1. Watch and wait before helping university has but one reason for ! or directing the child. He may do it existence, and that is to create for himself, or "tip off” the parent on its state. Gone are the days when a the reason why not. university was merely an institution 2. Ignore questionable or unde-for classical learning where knowl- sirable behavior. Meanwhile direct edge was regarded as its own re- the child to what is wanted, ward.	;	3. Share with him socially, that
"It is not enough to train a per* is, put yourself for a moment on ¦to be intelligent. He must be his level. This pleases the child and intelligent for some useful purpose/1 j is an incentive for him to behave
In agricultural states, he said, i better, the state university should be the 4. Give him help as needed, but center of research with its functions otherwise leave him alone. At uus spreading out into the rural districts point, such an attitude by the adult through adults classes. He said th# stimulates independent performance
University of Tennessee had mads by the child.	.	.
a start in that direction with a con- 5. Give increasing help, such as
stantly expanding extension servies, introducing more specific directions,
• ene step after another. At this stage increasing help reinforces the
Early Roman Kl^vltors , C^<c/ive^ecreating help, withdraw-The tremendous sea e on whic* aid uttle by unie, permitting the
gladiatorial spectacles were Pres*®T fbild to realize he is doing the deed in the Coliseum. Rome s sncient	independently and that hu
Mexican Bell-Ringers	have uncovered 32 "behind-th*-
Tourista who visit the great c.v scenes” elevators which were used thedral in Pueblo, Mexico, are al- to carry lions and tigers 30 feet up	.
wavs interested in the family of the from subterranean cages to the 1er-	Model Eagle
guardian of the bells, who live high el of the arena. An ingenious system	A bald eagle which served for 28
un in the bell tower, in a small of weights and counterbalances o»	years as model for the emblem of
anartment arranged just for them, «rated the lifts, which all reache# the United States on coins, currency,
Ttls Is typical of many churches the level of the arena at the same bonds and other official federal doc-
simm
and "never set foot on the ground/’ gathered in the center.* According . money and certificates, was present-1__—-—I by does it was moved by Councillor-
Some of the churches have caril- to Giuseppe Cozzo, architectural en- ed to post office officials by CoL paHM TO SHARE — Good farm Macfarlaoe—Laughren that a tax ot Ions, which take special skill to gineer in charge of Coliseum exCa-	Frank Burke, former Tampan and	I	#tock	and	nwchioery.	Protestant	two dollars	be and	is hereby	levied	on
nlav. and all of them have a compli- valions, the new discoveries are	executive aid to the chief of tha	|	d	Apply	to	Mas.	J. Teffry,	every dog	in	the municipality,	whether
wris.s sïis sss.•s&rsz-'ji «*•<**«¦• *>¦	«-» ¦ bt a
HR
her of the family goes up and down hav/ b€cn givcn their graduation	.	- hay, pressed, free from weeds. Apply re*ds . Any person may destroy any
to market and about the business diploma8 by the Atag Transportation	to 8am Hamilton, Shawville. I hone dog f0Und wandering contrary to th*
EBESrijise!ijÆI	°""
in the spring and provide the ml- est and • thorough knowledge ot ; “	" roof and a flame-col- I straw. Apply to R A. Hoixusa. R. 1,
grating ducks with a place to land ^,ln departures and arrivals. ;	- <ron1 door	; Shawville. Phone 13—11
during their flight northward.	flB
are
University of Future
3 30 p. m
service
FARMERS !
ORDER EARLY
R P. Hades,
President
Bristol United Church Lay Minister :—Mr. Leslie Dean
10.30 a.’m.—Service at St. Andrews
11.30	a. m. — Sunday School
2.30	p. m. — Service at Knox. 8.00 p. m
An Appreciation
The members of the Austin Women s
and of the Cemetery b und
As< ttion
wish to express their sincere apprécia tion to The Entity for all publications printed during the past yeai.and wish the editor and staff every success during
Present indications are that we will experience difficulty during 1942 in supplying Farm
equipment.
In this connection we would strongly suggest that you order any machines that you may require well in advance of the time you will want to use them.
In ether words we do not expect to obtain delivery on a few days notice this year.
Service a; Austin
1942
ANGLICAN
Rev. K. C. Bolton, B A., L.T>i
St. Paul’s
Sunday School—10.00 a. m. Holy Communion—11.00 a. m. Evening Prayer—7.30 p. m.
Holy Trinity Evening Prayer—3.00 p. m.
BRAY CHICKS
ike
son

9
Why write letters and send money orders? Order your Bray Chicks through me—personal attention, prompt delivery.
the

North Clarendon Parish Rev. P, It. Stote, in charge
Charters—
Holy Communion—10.30 a. m Greermount—
Evening Prayer—2.30
LadysmithEvening Prayer—7.00
J. L. HODGINS
L
JOHN MacCREDIE
u
Phone 64-J.
Quebec
Maryland
PUBLIC NOTICE
Look Here
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost, etc.
The following resolution wm adopted at a regular meeting of the Clarendon Council, held on January 6th, 1948 :
Bristol Memorial Church Presbyterian
Rev. Wallace MacKinnon, B. A Divine Worship at 8 p. m.
Clarendon United Church Rev. H. Gill Steers, Ba Bd, pastor
Radford
Wesley Bristol
Norman
Every evening—8.00 p m.
Alternate 11.00 a. m

k
Alternate 3.00 p. m
J. A. DEAN,
Sec.-Treasurer Municipality of Clarendon
IN MEMORIAM
»
L
Teachers Wanted
With tears we saw you sinking son And watched you fade away ;
We tended you with honest care,
But could not make you stay.
We watched beside your bedside.
As lonely hours passed.
And how our hearts were broken When we watched you breathe your last
Sadly missed by father and mother
m


&

r

A$^C
