###PAGE###1###
<
X
\
>
>
*r
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the Uni States
I
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, MAY 30 1940
No. 49, 57th Year
Mr*. Stinson, hnirdresMSr, of
^E^lt'fz” &MS®
Danck-A mixed dunce will be of Ottavve, is visiting friends in gHARPB_ At Smith Porcupine held at Fine Lodge, Bristol, on town this week.	General Hospital, on Friday,
Wednesday night, June 5th, under Miss Marion Dale, of Verdun, May 17th. 1940, to Mr. and Mrs. the auspices of Bristol Busy Been qU6 «pent the week-end with her Clifford Sharpe, (nee Ldith Institute. Admission, 36 cents, parents, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Dale. Dagg), a daughter — I atricia
A three-set comedy “Where’s Mr. and Mrs. Bert WooUley, of Kmdy.
Grandma ?" will be presented in Toronto, visited relatives in town	MARRIED
the basement of St. Andrew s Hnd vicinity during tlie past week.	_
1»“ §s—és
21at. Keep this date m mind.	«lac*.	Qnte The official witnesses were
Th* Afternoon of Friday, June Mr. Kenneth Walsh, of Ottawa, Mp§# Rlson Ban and • Robert • 129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
eaasasse ££=**-•“ ZSa
sSeiSi; SSS5KS&Î A'“="
hospital and see for themselves the week end.	residence at Radford,
what it is like. Tea will be served
• * -•
COWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
BORN;
PERSONAL MENTION
Shawville Hardware
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
on a
FISHING TACKLE
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest>and most moder n in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open alFyear.
See Our Stock Of
High Grade Fishing Tackle
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
w. E. COWLING, President
Thursday
on
Hooks, Lines, Rods, Reels,
Metal Lines, Fly Hooks, Bate Boxes, Artificial Bates, Fly Repellants, Landing Nets, Baskets, etc.
JAMES A. MILLAR
B A. L. L. L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
National Cement Always in Stock
GET OUR PRICES
HARLAND C. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Mins Inez Wilson, of Ottawa,	Sharpe—Smith
..... InoomeTax ,m	Z5Î. JZ wTtiS ."MS JXT.t oSLT’«WsffirjS
IUP— IÊ|™ gül!
--- erine Tracy, of Wakefield, were
Local OY.B s. Celebrate	week end visitor* at their re ««e.	who was becomingly
Filth Anniversary	spective homes in this di-tnet. atti!>,d a dress of blue crepe
With Banquet	Mr. and Mrs. Brome Pokes, of with accessories to match and
Gananoque, and Miss Lorraine bouquet of pink roses, was attend-
<in Saturday night, May IHth, Pokes, of Ottawa, were Victoria ed by Miss Ola Armstrong, ot
sar**-.........
nr excellent meal a round of and daughters. Misses Jennie anil Smith, of Shawville toasts were run off under the Elizabeth, spent the holiday and
leadership of Bruce Elliott, Direc week end at tlieir old home at Cecil Garnet Howard tor of Uertuonies who acted as Stark's Corners.	Passes in His 47tb Year
toastmaster. Toasts were drunk Mr Kenneth McLaughlin, of Although in ill health for some
to the King, Grand Lodge oi tne jjort), Bay, formerly of the staff day. the death occurred unex-
Ü.Y B.. Grand and County Lodge» ot t|1(J |oeal offit.e ()t ,|ie Bank of peetedly and as a great slmck t > of the Orange, and a toast to tne Nova Scotia, spent a few days of j,is family and friends of Cecil members of the O. i .B. who na vacation in town this week. u.u nett Howard, at hi* home,
WSSmpsgis
East; John Brad field,	Vnlf Week end and holiday guests at Thorne and North Onslow. Light
Master of Ontario ; U. J	‘	the home of Mr. and Mrs. F. J-1 years ago he came to Shawville
dy, Fast Grand .Master oiine Masson were their son and ftn(| for the past three years had Ontario Preceptory ot the	daughter. Mr Graydon Masson, ^en employed by the Internation
Knights of Ireland; 1 ^ , M Miss Sheila Masson and Mr. David }l| Coopeiage Company Wilson, County Master ol Lcla, ke and Miss Ceeile Faraud, He is survived by his wife, the Orange Lodges of_Iontmc• ; ami I jj of Montreal.	former Miss Peail Margaret Greer;
ess**
for them The members ot the	ftlu| Mrs. Kenneth Stark, ot United Church Service was con
Lodge also took this opportunity g„dbury, were guests for the ducted hy the Rev. A. F Pokes, to wish Mr. Cochrane good luck in I holidav and weekend at the home »^nted by Rev'ds A. Downing his new home. The banquet *\ncle(l ()f the former’s parents, Mr. and 1UU1 Frank Harvey, of Starks Cot with the singing ot the national Mrs. W. C. Stark. On their return ne|N nn(j Shawville Pentecostal Anthem.	I home Sunday they were acvom- Missions. Mr. Pokes delivered an
panied by Mr. ami Mrs. W.t. impressive funeral sermon from I Stark who will spend some time j)eut . >7—The Eternal God is ; at Sudbury and Massey Station. t|iy lefuge and under thee aie the «
eriasting hand».** As a
JeMis
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hod gins Building Main Street, Shawville. Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc,
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)

DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A., L.L.B..
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC

Men’s Suits
ysiii
It
$
High grade English Cloths becoming very scarce and before :,lcng will be almost impossible to;;procure.
will call any
Branch at Quyon
Monday on request

lence
Matters dealt with byîcorrespon
are
*

¦
:c?:
R. MILLER WALLACE
BARRISTER PHONE, 2-2219
AVOCAT
ISA MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay
every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p m.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every
Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
We have about fifty very
Limited
i
samples
nice
quantity—which we can offer
!

He
for a short time only — made up by an excellent clothier.
D. J. CAMBPELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
t
$23.50
1	Part Suits
2	Pant Suits $27.50
Phone 3 I
_ - ; Horner, District Deputy Master for t'ontiae and
ill
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
Drummond Medical Building
609
Drummond Street MONTREAL PLATEAU 63 8 8
Semi Ready Tailoring
QUE

DQ. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
War Situation Extremely Crave
1224 St
,1.. «Mr Mt
¦HW
glum” continuing the tight How Impressive	y*®be9
aKly i*lperoblem«tk'al.t‘U' " "* Mo“°T.i"s.ltiy° ii»«î.Tiiiig Ottawa] Rftin Retards Late Seeding King Leopold was commander- and district paid an impressive in Chief of the Height.. Army, tribute of love ant lievotiun to
ev
BELAIR 3 257
s

'N
H, K. NEILSON, IW.D.
Collegiate Suits
Nose Throat Specialist
arts building
Eye, Eiir
medical
1 80 METCALFE
Y
Young Men’s Collegiate Suits made in the latest
smart double
ONT
OTTAWA.
PHONE, 2-7661
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
ONTARIO
styles, breasted models.
While many farmers in this dis-
EsIaKrSïS I	I	ES
resistance of the great body ot his| wa smce 11KH-forces.
The decision of Belgian lenders in France to reorganize an army to continue lighting referred presumably to whatever Belgian troop6 are in France and to Belgian refugees, some of whom are already untleitaking military training in France.
The Allies lost the military support of about 250,000 men in 18 Belgian divisions and the French Dort of Dunkerque, where supplies
OTTAWA
whose death last been unable to finish this work Wednesday in his 75th year follow due to copious rains which tell al-
ed a lingering illness.	most every day during the past	.
^HflHonagnathe niolelrsla bet&Vtthi^uSr y%a%	Kathleen M.Rollins,
sr fsra,'.t’S'l* «, v®”1."'.*. ! —•	- —	w-«*.	o
10a.m. Pontifical High Mass ot,	.	.
Requiem was celebrated by Rod	•
rigue Cardinal Villeneuve, Arch-1
bishop of Quebec, while the ser- “THE LITTLE BLUFFER mous in English and French were
‘,r TorcK. I "NO MEN ADMITTED
and Most Itev. Joseph Charbon-
I ST. PAUL'S JUNIOR GUILD
Throughout the funeral Mtual	___
Shawville Theatre “to rSi ”»» ir“ A" j Thursday. May 30th
congregation at the head of the centre aisle. Mgr, Forbes was clad in full episcopal robes
i
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS *
2 Pant Suits $17.50
!
Gordon T. Paul
insurance
have been reaching the hemmed in Allied armies was left undefended. The capitulation of the Belgian y will make no difference in determination of Great Britain and France to fight their way “through disaster and gnet to the ultimate defeat of Germany, Prime Minister Churchill declared in the House of Commons Tuesday. The situation of the British and French troops is extremely grave.
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
btrone
E xperienccd
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt-d
by
arm
the
Quebec
Shawville
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
25 and 15 cents
Admission,
###PAGE###2###

- *
t
Federal-Provincial . relations was planned . . . During the week, also, Hon. R. J. Manion resigned as leader of the Conservative party, and Hon. R. B. Hanson became House Leader ... the Communist party of Canada was declared an illegal organization • . •
#


CURRIE’S SPECIAL ORDERS AT WAR’S TURNING-POINTS
I
I
i
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events
\
Biggest Battle In History Raging on Western Front
Historic Copies of Order Issued March 28, 1918, When The Allies Were Fighting With Their Backs to the Wall, and Another Issued October 3, 1918, Reflect the First World War’s Changing Situation in Its Last
Few Months

Gardening....
%
France went to war with Italy, Turkey and Greece would also be dragged in.	m
SWEDEN. Declaring, "it appears we can expect nothing from the western powers,” Sweden last week blacked out the entire countryside, laid new mine fields and darkened lighthouses following reports of 120,000 German troops massed on the Norwegian border. The "land of the middle way" also turned to Russia for help in settling some of her pressing trade problems.
UNITED . STATES. The invasion by Germany of the Low Countries brought a noticeable shift in American policy toward favoring the Allies. Although President Roosevelt said that he saw no change with respect to the possibilities of the United States keeping out of Europe's war, the impact of last week’s European developments on the U. S. public mind was terrific. The American people appeared to be engrossed in the progress of the war, forgetting "relief, reform and recovery* ... An extraordinary arms program boosting next fiscal year’s defense spending over the two-and-a-half billion mark was reported in the making; while the Senate naval committee approved an eleven per cent increase in the U. S. naval fighting strength . . .
CANADA: Speeding up of Canada’s war effort was expected shortly to come as a result of the Nazi victory in Norway and the smashing of Holland by the German juggernaut . . . Last week the Federal Government had taken "three or four” emergency steps, according to the Prime Minister (we surmised these had to do with acceleration of the Commonwealth air training plan, and with extra precautions on the eastern seaboard), details of which were to be given Parliament early in the session . . . Cabinet changes during the week; Hon. Jas. A. MacKinnon became Minister of Trade and Commerce, replacing Hon. W. D. Euler who went to the Senate; Hon. Pierre
F. Casgrain, former Speaker of the House, became Secretary of State . . . The program of legislation facing Parliament comprised: new war appropriations; a budget designed to raise the money; steps to create a system of unemployment insurance on contributory lines; amendments to various acts to bring them in line with war requirements . . . No implementation of the long-awaited (2% years) report on
The fiercest battle in the history of the world began last week, wlien, having pulverized Holland in five days and made deep thrusts into Belgium, the German armies turned head-on in violent and deadly action against the Maginot Line, meeting the French, British, Belgian forces on a front 200 miles long. A titanic struggle was in progress, ard the fate of many nations depended upon the outcome Wrote New York Times* correspondent Archambault: "There Is in Paris the general impression that the Germans have launched an offensive of such a nature that it will not end until a decision has been obtained. If the conflict can be continued as a war of movement, that decision may not be far distant than weeks. But if the front becomes stabilized, the campaign
may drag on for months .... The general battle will be fought, it is believed, on a right-angle front having as pivot the twin French towns of Mezieres and Charle ville
section of the front runs northward along the course of the River Meuse as far as Namur and Liege; the other runs eastward parallel to the Maginot Line as far as the Rhine.”
Another Napoleon?
Russell Hill of the New York Herald Tribune, writing from Berlin, told of a possible German plan for the inclusion "in certain eventualities” of the whole of Europe east of the Rhine in a counter-blockade of England, comparable to Napoleon’s famous "continental system.” The Germans, he said, would attempt to carry out such a plan only if the Allies, by "aggressive” measures, carried the war into the Medi-terranan. (It should be noted that the dynamic Nazi policy has always been to counteract possible "aggressions” by striking the first blow).
BRITAIN: The people of England last week were waiting in calm horror for the worst. The German conquest of Holland had moved Nazi air bases to within 186 miles of the English coast, cad German spokesmen said that • "mass air operations against England could be expected in the nearest future.”
"Blood And Tear»”
#
An entirely different war picture Is reflected in the special order issued by Sir Arthur Currie on October 3, 1918, when the German armies were on the and victory for the Allies
In those dark hours of March 1918, when the German armies driving the British back

c
GARDEN WALKS
In the smaller garden where visitors and children soon wear grass thin along the edges of the flower beds or between the house and the swing or arbour, regular paths are needed. With a little care they will add beauty to the rest of the garden, too. pleasing materials of all for this purpose are flagstones. These are broad, flat, thin slabs af soft stone, usual’- found In abundance around certain river beds.
The stones are sunk flush with the ground .nd at lea ' an inch and a half of grass is left between edges. Sometimes after the * sod Is cut out the exact shape and depth of each stone, a little sand Is added to the bottom of the hole for drainage and to make walk firmer. Built in this way the lawn mower will run right over the pathway
were
and back, the following special order, copies of which have been carefully kept, was issued to battalions, batteries and Field Companies by Sir Arthur W. Currie, Commanding
Corps (dated March 28, 1918):
$122 SENDS 300
CIOAMTTIS sr
BUIE* SMOKING MACDONALD S FMI CU'S
1 lb. Tobacco
run
appeared on the near horizon:
"1 wish to express to all Troops fighting in the Canadian Corps
or ony
(with paper#) to any Cenedion Soldier In Greet Britain or Frente.
Moll Order end Remittance #*: — OVERSEAS DEPARTMENT
K.C.B
now
my high appreciation of the splendid fighting qualities displayed by them in the successful battle of the
•t
the Canadian
Most
W. C. MACDONALD INC.,
"In an endeavour to reach an immediate decision, the enemy has gathered all his forces and struck a mighty blow at the British Army. Overwhelmed by sheer weight of numbers, the British Divisions in the line between the Scarpe end the Oise have fallen back fighting hard, steady and undismayed.
"Measures have been taken successfully to meet this German onslaught. The French have gathered powerful army, commanded by a most able and trusted leader, and this army is now moving swiftly to our help. Fresh British Divisions being thrown in. The Canadians are soon to be engaged. Our Motor Machine Gun Brigade has already played a most gallant part and once again covered itself with glory.
"Looking back with pride on Hie unbroken record of your glorious achievements, asking you to realize that to-day the fate of the British Empire hangs in the balance place my trust in the Canadian Corps, knowing that where Canadians are engaged there can be no giving way.
"Under'" the orders of your devoted officers in the coming battle, you will advance or fall where you stand facing the enemy.
"To those who w ill fall I say 'you will not die but step into immortality. Your mothers will not lament your fate but will be proud to have borne such sons. Your names will be revered forever and ever by your grateful country, and God will take you to Himself/
* Mx IfSfi FNce d'Armes, Montreal, Coned#
Tfch effer i*b|ed 0 wy cM*n (i 6em ».wel
last five days.
"The mission assigned to the Corps was the protection of the flank of the Third and Fourth Armies in their advance, and that mission has been carried mit to the complete satisfaction of the Commander-iivChief.
"In your advance you overcame the very formidable obstacle of the Canal du Nord; you carried by assault the fortified Bourlon Wood, the Marcoing line, and seized the high groud extending along the Douai-Cambrai road. The towns of Oisy ib Verger, Epinoy. Haym> court, Marquion, Sains lez Mu-quion, Sancourt. Bourlon, Fontaine Notre Dame, Raillencourt, Sailly. St. Olle, Neuville. St. Rem y ami Tilley are now ours, and your patrols have entered Cambrai itself.
"In the short period of two months the Canadian Corps — to which were attached the Thirty-Second Division for the Battle of Amiens, the Fourth and the Fifty-First Divisions for the Battle of Arras, and the Eleventh Division for this Battle of Cambrai — has encountered and defeated decisively forty-seven German divisions — that is nearly a quarter of the total German forces on the Western Front.
"The victories you have achieved are the fruit of the iron discipline you accepted freely and of the high standard you have reached in the technical knowledge of your arms and the combined tactical employment of all your resources.
"You must therefore with relentless energy maintain and perfect the high standard of training you have reached, and guard with jealous pride your stern discipline.
“I ana proud of your deeds and I want to record here my heartfelt thanks for your generous efforts and my unbounded confidence in your ability to fight victoriously and crush the enemy wherever and whenever you meet him.
A. W. Currie,
Lieutenant-General,
Commanding Canadian Corps."
fSoyj will fhtLxJi ifeu
Moses Caused
First Blackout
not more
a
A man who had heard a radio report about Egypt's "first” blackout last wseic called a newspaper office in Saint John, N. B.
"Look up Exodus Chapter 30, verse 22,” he said.
The verse reads:
"And Moses stretched forth his hand toward Heaven; and there was a thick deikness in all the land of Egypt three* days.”
WINDOW BOXES
A brown or green stained window box overflowing with gaily blooming flowers is within the range of almost every person. Even the apartment deweller is able to satisfy a gardening ambition and success is easily obtained. This sort of gardening is highly intensive with many more plants to the sq. foot than would be grown under
ordinary conditions. This means that very rich soil should be used and in addition a fairly frequent application of chemical fertilizer during the season. Being exposed on all sides to drying winds, a thorough watering once a day of the window box is advised.
Along the front of window boxes are planted trailing nasturtriums German h\v, lobelia, alyssum and similar plants, with petunias, ager-atums, begonias, ferns, geraniums, and other plants especially recommended for this purpose farther back. Shelter from the sun for a day or two should be provided until the plant: get established.
are
from there one
I
Mb BEEHIVE

e
• i
ni
#
y
"Canadians, in this fateful hour, I command you and I trust you to fight as you have ever fought with all your tranquil courage. On many a hard-fought field of battle you have overcome this enemy. With God’s help you shall achieve victory once more.”
â
Human Bat

For two years an Indian named Gangaram has been hanging by his toes from the branch of a tree in the forest of Eirban, near Bharatpur. He believes he will obtain godly powers. His followers feed him with their own hands so as not to disturb his poise and he sleeps during the night without getting out of his bat-likc position.
SÊU
Winston Chuchill, himself, the mew Prime Minister, promised only blood and tears and suffering and adversity until one day the ¦victory would be gained. He ¦poke of the marked disparity of the strength of "our” air force m compared with that of the enemy . . . the new War Secretary Anthony Eden called for the mobilization of 100,000 "minute-men” between the ages of 16 and 66 as an armed guard against German parachutists who might land anywhere in England.
With men of three parties (Conservative, Labor, Liberal) in tile Cabinet, it was thought that Britain’s prosecution of the war would be much more vigorous henceforth. Herbert Morrison as eupply minister, was particularly welcomed by the British press.
Italy Gets Ready
ITALY. During the week indications multiplied that Italy was about to enter the war . . . The War Ministry confirmed that 1,000,000 reservists had been called up; Mussolini ordered Italo-French frontier defenses perfected; plastering of anti-British posters in Italian cities continued
$
Canada’s exports of paper and manufactures totalled $10,707,370 in March compared with $10,102,545 in March, 1030. The ex
ports to the United States aggregated $7,342,328 and to the United Kingdom, $1,159,900.
k X
P6.3
Populace Greet Tommies As British Tanks Speed Into Belgium
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher
ez-

(Vyj
IU67, by fred Nfher)^
pmxk
I
MRS. P.P'S DIARY

>
%

Wag

o'

r
%

8#
m
z »

.*•4
Z
x? m
s,

\
«w;*
¦
WF-

A

z-





* i %
x 4	* r

0
mm
/
%

MM
X'X

K

V
!
r<
z /
X
v
*
%
XT
Zz


z
4ft
//
1

A
i


%

\
i
i , #
rUU
X /?
J '
4
< *
l
*
in
»

z>

'A

C v.
%
• •
1
y




*
\
despite British protests, and the Italian press raved against the Allied blockade . . . The Vatican newspaper "Osservatore Romano” was burned in thé streets because of its expressed sympathy for Belgium and Holland. Mussolini made the declaration that liai’an belligerency remained unchanged "until some new developments in Europe throw the country into war.” Mme. Genevieve Tabouis, celebrated French Journalist, said that foreign observers in Berlin found high Nazis theie convinced the time had come for Italy to act the great battle on the Western FYont had reached its turning-point. Would Switzerland be Italy’s first victim ?
“Stay Out of Balkans !”
RUSSIA. Soviet diplomats last week told Britain, France, Germany and Italy to stay out of the Balkans. This action followed upon reports of German and Italian troop concentrations near the frontiers of Yugoslavia, and massing of an Allied battle fleet at A'exandria. Bulgaria and Yug ¦lavia, possible partners in a military alliance with Russia, informed cf the step (Yugoslav and Soviet Russia * af top speed on pla and military '
Soviet Govern
*
/
^ ;
r
i ¦
»


§.
j
/*#

3
*¥*
I
«
SB
Jt


#!

d.


&
8-12 ztt a y>/z;
0
This radio photo shows a British tank clanking through the streets of a Belgian village headed for the new front as citizens of the town line the street to hail the incoming British troops.
r
‘ You’ll Have to Sue the Seed Store, Sir. . .
Beans!!”
• J Planted I hem for String
before
REG’LAR FELLERS-The Real Thing
By GENE BYRNES
60 YOUR NAME
19 Ç AW/D CE V/AJ MINTON/
OIDJA EVER CHOP
down a Cherry
TREE WITH YOUR UL HATCMET ?
WHAT5AMATTA WITH YOU y DONlCHA EVEN TRY TO BE UKE k	. ÇAWDCE
V WARNIN'TON t >
OIDJA EVER TELL A LIE ?
»
YE9, ; JAM/
X DOAN MAT TA „ TRY TO fit LAKy CAWDQE WAS Hi N TON ON ACCOUNTA DAT* WHO AH IS /
I
NO, , 9AH /
^	4
a

4
* z.
*
I
%


¦
%


I



%

| j4‘ >Wiïï


• I-
p

«
1
J
t

V'l
*
i/
WP

/
r
*yf
M •
r

» 0


%
to work ditieal i. The newspaper al-1 that if Britain and
a.!


'4
i
/T
U
WX
.if


ac
S2r
IX
R

« ;
t uru I
1
l-tJL

aîîûw ;
U I Fat	All Hft,i# f##,nyd

so v, a
t ,
2709
###PAGE###3###

chological Association.
Dr. Ben Weinstein, of the University of Wisconsin, said that he had subjected two children, 37 and 34 months old, and two four-year-old monkeys to similar testa
and that the children had proved
more apt.
Infants Are Quicker Than Adult Monkeys
Canada’s Only Woman M, P. Arrives In Ottawa
Forgiveness Has Certain Limits
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
A tentative conclusion that infants are quicker to grasp an idea than are adult monkeys, was reported to the Middle Western Pay-
Last week in Omaha, Neb., Mrs. Lee Pel tha user told a Judge she couldn't go on forgiving her husband any longer. She had forgiven him when he broke her arm in 1928. When he broke her nose in 1937 their children had kept them together. She had forgiven him the time he cracked her hip-hone and the time he cut her eye open. But last January he cracked her backbone over a davenport and she wasn’t going to forgive him again. The Judge said she needn’t.
LESSON VIII
JEREMIAH ANNOUNCES THE NEW COVENANT Jeremiah 31
Printed Text, Jer. 31:31-37 Golden Text: "I will put my law In their Inward parts, and in their heart-will I write It; and I will be their God, and they shall be
Jer. 31:33.



¦-... ......... .....
| This Curious World
a-*
By William Ferguson


¦
PLANTAIN,
A COMMOKJ WEED
m


w

my people
Till-; LESSON' IN ITS SETTING Time — Between til)7 an<l 587

IN THE S&&/AJG/

s'il cm
J • ! i * — •
In fuis lesion we find a remarkable Illustration of tlm infinite wisdom, the for knowledge, unchange-ablenes*, and omnipotence of God, determining from the beginning what he will do even to the end, by his p o w ? ! bringing to fulfilment the plans which lie has foreknown. God planned the very finest jws-eilile life, the greatest prosperity, for his children Israel.
Chapters 5V and 31 belong together and speak of one
the restoration of Israel
mer complaint), cholera, dysten-tery, leprosy, various dangerous eye diseases (types of ophthalmia, trachoma) and tuberculosis, besides carrying the eggs of certain tape worms, says Dr. Arthur Gibson, Dominion Entomologist. Dominion Department of Agriculture.
One of the chief dangers from flies lies in their varied food habits. Not only do they feed on all kinds of filth, but will alight on the most of the food laid out on the table for a meal, contaminating everything they touch.
EFFECTIVE FLY SPRAYS
To control this dangerous peat, fly traps, door and window screens, fly swatters, sticky papers, poisoned baits and fly sprays are used. An effective and safe bait is made by adding a teaspoonful of formalin to a pint of water or dilute milk in a saucer. It should be placed out of reach of children. Fly sprays made of Vi pound of flowers of pyre thrum to a gallon of kerosene are effective.
The best control of houseflies is by eliminating their breeding places. The most important of these are manure piles and garbage dumps. Manure storage should be so 'constructed as to discourage breeding and the pile treated with borax solution. Garbage should be stored in fly-proof containers until disposed of. Community action is essential if the fly population in any district is to be sharply reduc-
Vj

1
i
%
/
i

*
%
common
/£>
them*
Tito beautiful picture of Israel In strength and prosperity, lu e and abundant Joy, ip freedom from her enemies, with her sins put awiy, has never yet been accomplished. The chapter there-
refer to anything that
r
HAS THE MOST UNIQUE WAV OF FOLDING ITS WINGS OF ANY KNOWN INSECT/
THE WING- FOLDS LIKE A FAN UNTIL NEARLY CLOSED, THEN IS BENT BACK AND TUCKED UNDER. THE WING COVERS. ALMOST COMPLETELY OUT OF SIGHT.
new
pea
fore canno has thus far taken place In the
history of Is*ael.
GOD'S LOVK FOR ISRAEL The Lord throughout this chapter le clearly speaking to Israel his people. \Vh*u men respond to such a love as is here ascribed to God, then joyous praise bursts from the heart, prosperity is visible on every hand, and men will be found going up the bouse of the Lord for Joyous worship.
THE NEW COVENANT 31: Behold, the days come, saith Jehovah, that I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel, and wi ll the house of Judah:
32.	not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day that I took them by the hand to bring them out of the land of Egypt; 33. But this is the covenant they brake, although 1 was a husband unto them, saith Jehovah.
33.	But this Is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel atfer those days, saith Jehovah: l will put my law in their Inward parts, and in their heart will I also write it; and I will be their God. and they shall be my people. 34. And they shall teach no more every man ills neighbor, and every
his brother, saving. Know Je-
Mrs. Peter Nielsen, only woman member in the Dominion House of Commons, is pictured here shortly after arriving in Ottawa from Saskatchewan with her three children, whom she will send to school m
Ottawa.
o

HOMAfM BEICNOS
x>

"This is a trend which, unaccompanied by any substantial increase in funds available for student aid, tends to make financial means, rather than intellectual ability, the basic qualification for a university education in Canada.
HIGHER FEES
Student fees as contributing to total revenus of universities and colleges increased from 20.1 per cent, in 1921 to 32.7 in 1930. Government grants decreased from 49 $ to 42.2, endowments fiom 16.4 to 13.2 and other miscellaneous revenue from 13.7 to 119.
r
Poor Students Getting Fewer
RASSIT FEVER-
(TULA&.EM/A ) FROM MORE THAN 20 ANIMALS OTHER. THAN
r
%


Money and Not Brains Are Becoming Basis for “U" Education In Canada Record
The “prospect of equality in educational opportunity for persons of equal ability — the generally-accepted Ideal of democracy — becomes more and more remote and university administrators concerned with the Intellectual and cultural advancement of the country, now grow increasingly apprehensive,'* the Dominion Bureau of Statistics says in its annual review of revenues of Canadian colleges and universities.
GRANTS ARK REDUCED Students have been called upon to provide an Increased proportion of the money required to operate universities while other sources of revenue — provincial grants, interest and endowments — have declined relatively, at approximately equal rates, the review, which covers the years from 1921 to 1939. says.
coe* i»3? Bv nea service, iwc
7 24
UNTIL recently, grasses were blamed for most of the hay fever occurring in the spring. Now it has been proved that about 20 per cent of it is due to the plantain family. The English, or narrow-leaved type, appears to be the worst offender in this respect
NEXT: What really does most of the tree girdling attributed to rabbits?
Statistics
Je
m
1

FUR-BEARING SEA BEAST
Common Housefly Disease Carrier
Form Motes ...
HORIZONTAL
l Pictured furry marine mammal.
5 Forceps.
11	Jar.
12	Upon.
13	Wings.
14	Mesh of lace.
15	Soft broom.
17	Industrious insect.
18	Black-backed
Answer ta Previous Puzzle
21	Goddess of peace.
22	It sometimes on land.
—, fur and oil are valuable (pLj.
26	To slant.
27	Alas.
28	Squalid neighborhood
30 Biscuits.
32 Folds of thread.
34 Passage.
36 Basket twig,
38	Story.
39	Tense.
42	Animal.
43	To pickle.
46 Genus of
frogs.
48	One that snubs.
49	Idiot.
51	Hied.
52	South Africa.
54	Scepter.
55	Bird.
57 No good.
59 Pound.
aiaiHien
Best Control of Houseflies Is Effected by Eliminating Their Breeding Grounds
CECIL
R
Improving Pastures As War-Time Policy
25 Its
I
Until very recent yean the housefly was regarded merely as a pest but of no serious importance but It. is now known, however, that the housefly carries many serious diseases such as typhoid, infantile diarrhoea (summer com-

man
liovah; for they shall all know me. from the least of them unlo the greatest of them, saith Jehovah: for I will forgive their iniquity, and their sin will I remember no more. The new covenant here referred to, and quoted in a very significant passage by the author of the Epistle to the Hebrews, is, first of all, certainly a covenant not with the church, but with the house of Israel and the house of Judah, as is explicitly stated. The old covenant is the law-covenant, which the Ivord did not make with Gentiles, but with Israel exclusively. The new covenant is of grace. The ground of this new covenant Is the sacrificial death of the Lord Jesus Christ, his blood, as we learn from Ills own words when he instituted the supper. He died for that nation, and therefore all Israel will yet receive the promised blessing of this n*w covenant. This prophecy is therefore still unfilled, for Israel does not enjoy this new covenant
Better pastures for cheaper production and higher profits U a logical wartime agricultural
for the Canadian


Si
programme farmer. Grass is the cheapest and most nutritious livestock feed produced on the farm. Thus, this with the increased need of
for feeding,
gull
I
20 Wasting time
22	Court.
23	Adjacent.
24	Exclamation.
26 Breaks
sharply.
29 Star-shaped flower.
31 To alleviate.
33 Kindled.
35 Part of a Ashing line.
37	Sheep's coat.
38	Private teacher.
40	Otherwise.
41	To cut off.
42	Picture taking 61 It has madünea
RADIO REPORTER
year
conserving gram grass assumes a place of more than usual importance.
A desirable type of pasture is one that enables the dairy or beef herds to satisfy their requirements sufficiently rapidly to permit of their spending many hours beneath the shade trees, chewing
VERTICAL
1	Male child.
2	To select.
3	Singing voice
4	Musical note.
5	One who nominates.
6	Genus of fan palms.
7	Papa.
8	Enthusiasm.
9	Scope.
10 Coterie.
16 Charts.
19 Hackneyed.
44	Circular wait
45	Danger.
47 Company.
49	Bone.
50	To affirm.
52	To stupefy.
53	Railroad.
55	Single thing.
56	Data.
58 Sun.
60 It inhabits seacoasts and
By DAVE ROBBINS
Hfve It or Not feature presented by Bob It i pie y over WABC — Columbia each Friday night, at 10:30 p.m. Bob has spent his life digging up queer facts to entertain people. You can sit back on this one and relax — and at the same time hear a new fact or two.
NEWS OF THE HOUR
Reports are crackling over the ether from all fronts of action
Political
these days. War News Maneuvers and Economic changes happen every hour during the day — and you Kan know about theru minutes after they occur by listen
the cud in absolute contentment, says G. It. Snyder, soil chemist.
TYPES OF PASTURE
ice
lug to your radio.
CBL. CKOC or CFRB — all offe-up-to-t lie-mi nu te news from Avery* where, and f+om three different news services. Then too, OBC also brings you an in forma live mid week commentary of the situation on Wednesday nights at 10:30 — while CKOC presents Prof. K. T. Salmon on world affairs each Sun-
In districts where the soil is high in lime and favourable for the growth of alfalfa and red clover, high yielding, short rotation pastures are most favoured. Premliminavy preparation for success with this type calls for the application of a liberal amount of fertilizer, according to the needs indicated by a soil test.
Dr. O. McConkey of the Ontario Agricultural College, suggests the use of a light nurse crop, usually oats or barley and a seed mixture composed of and at the rate of: alfalfa 6 lbs.;
x
Few greats in any sport make much of a hand at trying to explain their particular field to other folks — but not so with the great Waite lfoyte, major league star for 19 years. Hoyt no does a baseball summary each afternoon at 5:15 from WOR, in New York, and it is one of the better sport programs on the air.
limbs
<
10
<
g
4
3
Z
I
I
now
Another interpretation: The now covenant is i covenant, in its final experience, iu which the human son| shall be rendered independent of the external law and of the human interpreter; the law of God within, written on the heart, received by direct revelation of the will of God within the spirit.
they will be fulfilled
33 Thus niltli Jehovah, who giv eth the sun for a light by day. and the ordinances of the moon and of the stars for x light by night, who stivreth Up Hie aea. so that the waves thereof roar; Jehovah of hosts Is his nam*; 36. If these ordinances depart from before me. ealtli Jehovah, then the seed of Israel also snail cease from being a nation before me for ever. 37. Tims saith Jehovah; If heaveu up above can be measured, and the foundations of the earth searched out beneath, then will I also cast off all the meed of Israel for all that they have done, saith Jehovah.
The leading thought in this pasts that the reign of law which we recognize In Clod's creative work has Its counterpart In his spiritual Mngdoni. The stability and perm enence of natural order is a pit dge sod earnest of the fulfilment of his promises to Israel as a people. The New Covenant of pardon and Illumination Is to be, what the first covenant was not, eternal In its duration.
We should now read Paul's profound exposition of the promise of God's covenant with Israel In the eleven Hi chapter of Romans.
4
0


day at five.
You van keep up with thins* in Hie fast moving world by listening to the news from these stations.
AROUND THE DIAL On the lighter side of things there's this man. Benny, heard every Sunday night from NBC-Red
Jack Benny.

23
M
Weekly Radio Highlights day. KtiM>ire Parade from CBL at
. Symphony via CBC at Music you know from House of Charm
Tuesday — Cats and Jammers from WOIt at 8:30 Molly at 9:30 CBC Myrt and Marge from the Columbia chain at 4:15 song from French Canada via CB( at seven
with WJZ-NBC at 8:30 . . . Satur day — for the children from Van couver via CBC at 7 Cava van with Bob Crosby on NBC Red network at ten at CBL at 10:30. ,
Sun
8 ¦
32 noon 3:36 . .
CKOC at 4:45 from WEAF-NBC at ten
6
I
2
sown
red clover 4 lbs.; alsike 1 lb.; timothy 5 lbs.; brome 5 lbs., and Kentucky Blue 3 lbs. per acre.
A more permanent type of pasture mixture consisting of Kentucky Blue, Canadian Blue, timothy and wild white clover is favoured for beef cattle pastures and is the most practical and economical type for areas of strongly acid soils and high rainfall. Wild white clover is an exceedingly nutritious legume and thrives when moisture is plentiful.
n
40
V
network at seven Mary Livingstone, Rochester and Phil Harris' band seem to get better every week — In fact Rochester was offered a chance to make a series of two-reel comedies, but he advised the studio before he would sign he would have to see If he could hire Jack Benny, as he was a good comedian too!
Fibber McGee and
4
I
Thursday
Reflections in
Bingin' and Swingin
Musical

Music Hall
One of the most entertaining pro grams from any station is the Re
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—On the Spot*
sag
m
1/
READ MFRECKLES"
NO
WAVE- YOU
m
JUST ORDINARY*/
BROWN.
ONES I

(4
o
I

I
Î
t
e


I
X
y
!l
#

\
9ft

v





/
1
r~

***
a

9

Asbestos production in Canada during Januaiy, 1940, amounted I# 26,651 tons in January, 193V.
r
J2-,




###PAGE###4###
1

ia dimmed when I tell you how perilous ia the ordeal which we are facing. On the contrary it shines in my heart as brightly as it shines in yours. But con fidence alone is not enough. It must be armed with courage and resolution, with endurance and self sacrifice.
These are the high qualities that the from overseas in an unending - bringing to the struggle on
land and sea and in the air.
At this moment our thoughts turn to our fighting men and to those who love them, mothers, wives and sweethearts at home. Besides them stand the soldiers of our old ally, France, and with them Poland and Norway, Belgium and Holland, peoples upon whose peaceful lands has fallen all the horror of treacherous and unprovoked aggression.
At this fateful hour we turn, as our fathers before us have turned in all times of trial, to God the Most High. Here in the Old Country I have asked that Sunday next shall be observed as a day of national prayer. It may be possible for many of our brothers across the seas 10 join their prayers with ours. Let us with one heart and soul humbly but confidently commit our cause to God and ask His aid that we may valiantly defend the right as it is given to us to see it.
So now, peoples of the hmpire and women in all quarters of the globe, I say to you : Put into your task, whatever it may be, all the courage and purpose of which you are capable. Keep your hearts proud and your resolve unshaken. Let us go forward to that task as one man, a smile on our lips and heads held high, and with Gods help, we shall not fail.
THE EQUITY
Hodgins Garage
SEED CORN
SHAWVILLE, MAY 30,1940
4
A Challenge to Democratic Devotion

Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
men stream are
Canadians today are being asked to buy War Savings Certificates. What does this mean Î It means this : That
will be the measure of our real devotion Id democracy. To free dom.
We have recently unloaded a car of Rennies Choice No. 1 Seed following varieties :
Corn, containing the
our answer
x

We have been told that democracy is decadent That our ideals of freedom are meaningless. That our way of life cannot compel the devotion that goes to
the totalitarian creed.
War Savings Certificates can answer, and powerfully, to that indictment. To the extent that we buy them will tell whether or not devotion to democracy and liberty does exist ; whether there exists the reality of democratic responsibility, of democratic loyalty, of
democratic unity.	.
In France today the watchword is : Advance or die. In England Nlr. Churchill exclaims:	“I offer you
blood, tears, toil and sweat.” And he adds :	For all that Britain means, I
appeal to you selves from the black night of barbar-
In coming weeks, the people of this country have the chance of showing whether their thought of freedoms meaning, their understanding of the meaning of this terrible conflict, deep and real as that of the peoples of
Britain and France.	.
The real challenge of War Savings Ceititicates is the challenge of whether the fibre of democracy is as strong as the fibre of dictatorship. The challenge of whether the discipline of the lash is as powerful as the discipline of freedom.
Let Canadian?, by buying these War Savings Certificates, by answering with all and the least of their means -the great cry for help that goes up, show how strong is the discipline of freedom Let them determine that it will be remembered in years to come that Canada did not vent its anger at brutality and injustice solely in words and gestuies, but that it turned at least a part of it into sacrifice for freedom in freedom’s hour of dire need.
x

S
Golden Glow Early Bailey White Cap
Compton’s Early
Improved Learning, Pride of Nishna, Wisconsin No. 7, Canadian Sweepstakes, Long Fellow.
X
s
A Choice Lot to Choose From
Change your old model and get a better one
s

S
w?
X
kN

s

?
$
1930—Pontiac Sedan 1929—Chevrolet Sedan 1937—Chevrolet Sedan
Chevrolet Coach no Trunk Chevrolet Coach with Trunk Chevrolet Coach with Trunk, four of them Chevrolet Sedan, two of them Chevrolet 14 ton truck with stake body Maple Leaf ton truck with stake body
Prices Range From
X
V

$1.30 to $1.65
Per Bushel
We must save our
men
I
1937
1937
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., BECO.
1938
is as
1938
our
1934
2,700-Year-Old Horn
Still Turns Out Music
1936

In Memoriam
An ancient signal horn, or Lur, cast some 2,700 years ago by Danish Vikings of the Bronze age, is now on exhibition in the New York American Museum of Natural History as a loan from the DanisfnNa-tional Museum of Copenhagen. The Lurs represent the oldest metal musical instruments of Europe, j dating from about 1000 B. C. This j particular specimen and others lave been found in swamps or aeat-bogs which formerly were lakes and they were doubtlessly sunk into the water as sacrifices to some Nordic divinity.
Perhaps the most remarkable fact about the Lur as a musical instrument is that it can be played today well as it was thousands of years ago. The tone is soft and deeply
,	-	i	, .resonant and experiments have
“On Empire Day last year I	spoke	to | ,hown that	the Lur is	capable of
you, the peoples nf the Empire from a Wl^e range of notes, with 12 pver-Winnipeg in the heart of Canada. W ^ tones in 3% octaves, besides 10 un-were at peace.	iertones.	j
On that Empire Day I spoke of the; ^ these instruments are usually j ideals of freedom, justice and peace found tw0 together and tuned in the
----which our Commonwealth of free 5ame fcey there is no doubt that
Clouds were	gith-,	must	have been	played in !
Anthropologists believe they ; used to summon the people to ; Dattle and	to worship	their gods
)f sun, fire, water and other elements of the mighty natural forces 3f nature.
Technical research has demonstrated the fact that in Bronze age Denmark the art of brass founding ^ igd reached an extraordinarily high stage. Even today with highly developed knowledge, it has proved an exceedingly difficult matter to make a copy of an antique Lur of die required fineness and exactness.
The Lur was made of cast oronze in the ancient “lost wax"
The walls of the tube are


J. L. HODGINS
In loving memory of a dear husband and father, Thomas A. Somerville, who passed away at Sm it hers, B C, 1939.
In God’s own time our eyes shall see The face we loved so well ;
Some day, some time, our hands shall clasp,
And never say farewell.
Fondly remembered by his Wife and daughter, Dale.
I
S Phone 64 J,
^goBnnoonBQnQnQonnnQnnnQDQDnBnBBcn!

Order Bray Chicks now, and be “lucky” when egg prices climb next Fall. See me, or phone me, right away prompt delivery.
C. Harold Boulton
Bristol Egg & Poultry Association BRISTOL - QUEBEC -
Personal attention.
ESTABLISHED 1893
Text of the King s Victory Day Address
IN VALID mm COACH
Speaking from Buckingham Palace on Friday, Victoria Day, His Majesty, gg King George, broadcast the following address in a nation-wide hook-up :—
G-BCEOB HYNES & SON
On Sale Non !
Directors of Funeral Service
WAR SAVINGS
CERTIFICATES
Shawville, Que.
Phone 8)
upon
peoples is founded ering, but I held fast to the hope that those ideals might yet achieve fuller and richer development without suffer ing the grievous onslaught of war.
But it was not to be The evil which we strove unceasingly and with all honesty of purpose to avert fell upon In this our conscience is clear. For there is now revealed without possibility of mistake a long-planned scheme to subjugate by force the nations of the world against which all our efforts for peace were doomed to break,
The decisive struggle is now upon us. I am going to speak plainly to you, for in this hour of trial I know that you would not have me do otherwise.
Let no one be mistaken
territorial conquest that our
It is the over-
pairs
were
A direct obligation of the Dominion of Canada
“Since the momentous day of last September, hundreds of thousands of Canadians have been asking themselves, •What can 1 do to help win the war?’
••One answer is, ‘By saving!’ Every man, woman and child in the Dominion can now make a direct and continuing contribution to Canada's war effort hy saving not only his dollars, but also his nickels, dimes and quarters to buy Canada's l .—.
*	• MINISTER OF FINANCE.
I
The
118
FORD V-8
I
wm
it is no
orocess
is thin as paper and in spite of Is total length of about six feet, five nches, does not weigh much more *.han six pounds. The instrument carried on a chain which was inked into eyes near the mouthpiece and under the sound plate. T nouthpiece is deep and * funnel ihaped and surrounding the sound opening is a broad oranmental disk.
mere
are seeking HjHHHHI throw, complete and final, of this Empire and of everything for which it stands, and after that the conquest of the world. And if their will prevails they will bring to its accomplishment all the hatred and cruelty which they have already displayed. It was not easy for us to believe that designs so evil could find a place in the human mind.
But the time for doubt is long past To all of us in this Empire, to all men of vision and goodwill throughout the world, the issue is now plain ; it is life or death for us all. Defeat will not mean some brief eclipse from which we shall emerge with strength renewed—it will mean destruction of our world as we have known it and the descent of darkness upon its ruins.
I speak to vision of this Now that it has come into conflict and sharp comparison with the evil system which is attempting its destruction, its full significance aopears in a brighter and more certain light.
There is a word which our enemies
WAR SAVÎNCS CERTIFICATES: are repayable in
seven and one-half years. If you held them to maturity, you
your investment will in-
will receive on your money
by 25%. They are sold as follows:—
For a	$5	certificate	you	pay	$4
For a	$10	certificate	you	pay	$8
For a	$25	certificate	you	pay	$20
For a	$50	certificate	you	pay	$40
For a	$100	certificate	you	pay	$80
(S
.vas
crease
The
a character of its own.
This is
The lower-priced 1 ord V 8, with is definitely modern in every detail of design evident in the deep hoed, the low grille, the long smooth lines and the accent upon size and roominess.
Mum
Bristol School Board
May 13, 1940
Like the De Luxe Ford, it has advanced in value all along the line, with a great number of important features. 11 has the same extra inches of leg room,
Bristol School Commissioners met on the above date.
present. Chairman Woods and Commissioners Stewart and Walsh
The minutes of last meeting were read and on motion of Comr Stewart were adopted.
Motion by Comr. Walsh, that Miss Catherine Tracy’s application as teacher for No 1 school for next term be accepted and that the teachers of Nos. 1, 5 and 10 schools receive a salary of $55.00 per month for next term.
I Motion by Comr Stewart, that the
»	...	. teachers of No. 5. and No. Elementary
"* 1Sain,t 1,8 - Impemlum - by ,t No 9 intermediate school, be
mm:-
sSSSSSS-S sH£p,v
B5SKEÏÏS3 HÿFésïi
EhEI = efcsas ¦
justice brute force.
There in clear and unmistakable op
denominations, assist the Country's war effort
new
Finger-Tip Gearshift, Controlled Ventilation, Sealed-Beam Head-lamps, and the same quiet, easy-shifting
The improved shock absorbers, and the flexible springs and new torsion bar ride-stabilizer,
Its big hydraulic
purchase War ______	mels and dimes
“V™K’wsr Saving! "Stamps at 25c "each. Sixteen of these
stamps will buy one $5. Certificate.
DEVELOP THE SAVING HABIT :	You can purchase as
28	8.“ “S
- buy them often. Remember, systematic saving is success-
and your Country needs your money.
CHILDREN TOO: Even children can
Savings Certificates, using their coppers.
to buy
nic
you today with a new Empire before my eyes.
transmission
more
give it an outstandingly level ride brakes give straight, quick stops.
fui saving
REGISTRATION:	Each War Savings Certificate is regis-
tered in one name only, and is not transferable.
The 85 horse power Ford V-8 engine gives un* usual operating economy, with outstanding perfor-
Many owners report 22 to 27 miles per gallon
mMmrnm
waived
mance of gasoline.
Whether you choose the Ford V-8 or the De Luxe Ford V-8, you know that the matchless experience and manufacturing facilities of the Ford Motor Company assure you of the best possible value for the money you
$ 5 00 ti 50
5 80 14 50
5 50 j 7 00 j 7 00 7 70
Motion hy Comr. Stewart, that this School Board cooperate with the
.......	...	<	. l Women’s Institute re a clinic to be held
•position he the forces that now confront |	Town Hall under the Junior Red
one another. The great uprising of the j	I
sfc sea s » te	t \
have riaen in juat wrath a thing which s ‘ h , , lbe Montreal Star they detest and despise Nothing can «hake their resolution. In perfect unity of purpose they will defend their lire» and all that makes life worth living Let no one think that my confidence
vffsfiiS*t
invest
\
Horses ami cattle taken in part payment
i
w
#
i
v
gladly arrange te make

G. A. Howard & Son
r
Complete information anti application forms at
Shawville
Quebec
On motion of Comr. Walsh the meet ing then adjourned.
BANKS, POST OFFICES and dealers
H. I Smith,
Sec. Treaa.
###PAGE###5###
Service Announcement
The Equity


8 Fi aw ville United Church Rev A. F. Fores B. A , B.D. PAStor
Sunday, June 2
11.00 a.m—Service at Sbawville Sermon Subject “The Strength of the
Weak”
1.30	p m.— Communion Service at
Zion
Communion Service at Stark’s Corners.
7.30	p.m—Service at Sbawville. Sermon Subject : “Living on top of the
world”; a talk especially for young people.	*
Bristol United Church
Rev. C. Armstrono-Saleh, B. D.
Sunday, June 2
St. Andrews and Knox uniting Communion Service
Sunday School Service at
Furniture Department
Simmon’s Bed Outfit
*
Established 1883
PüBMAHKD,HVKllY THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILLB, QUEBEC
SERVING AGRICULTURE

1
A
I
%
A great many of our Branches are located in Agricultural centres and all banking services are conveniently available.
Saving* and Checking Accounts.
Loons, pending receipts and income.
Cashing of Cheques—Produce Tickets etc.
Money Orders and Drafts for remittances.
Each Branch is in charge of a Manager who is in touch with conditions and ready to assist in any possible direction.
Know Your Bank—it can be useful to you.
Uf

*
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
f
$1.50
• •
2.00
3 00 p.m.

,v

* ^
y- '4: <
All arrears must be paid In full before any paper Is discontinued
A'
W. G, COW AN, PUBLISHER
t
w.

mmstm
>•<
f
mm
t
mm
x>_: /

wm
:


The
of
K
Roy G. Fraser
Gifts, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 880

WM


mm.
ik
mm
11.00
Austin,"
m

10.30
Flowers,

n i
14
7.30
9!
Ki
<


ANGLICAN
Phone 160
i
*:
EST. 1 832 —OVER A CENTURY OF BANKING EXPERIENCE
1
f
V
St. Paul’s Sunday, June 2 ft.00 a.m.—Holy Communion
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m —Holy Communion 7 30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s
1.00 p.m.—Sunday School 1.30 p.m.—Holy Communion Holy Trinity Evening Prayer

%

>1




y>::%üvZi

*
l]9
SK*
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in
g

VA
m

&ôbm.
W

%

Specially Priced $15.50
vite your patronage. On orders of $1.00 or over, phone
On orders of
The Hodgins Lumber Go.
%
3

us collect.
$5.00 or over phone us collect
and we shall prepay.
Cedar Cheats at $15.50 and up
3.00 p m.
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
N
Rhone anytime between 7am and 11 p.m.
Wool Shipping
x
Chairs
X
Canadian Cooperative Wool Growers will receive wool at Quyon Station on Monday morning, June 3rd, and at Sbawville C P R. freight shed all day Tuesday, June 4th.
X
X
Straight Back Kitchen Chairs Unpainted Bent Back Rocking Chairs
Childrens Rocking Chairs.........
Childrens High Chairs.............
Childrens High Chairs with aluminum
$1.10
$1.35
$1.45
$2.75
$1.90
$2.75
!
u
t*
J
it
<4
g
Pulpwood Wanted
§
| Phone 27
A.G.F. A. KODAK FILMS
a
a
I am prepared to purchase green of p peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood, §
THE HODCIMS LUMBER COMPANY
by trucks Phone or write,
J. M. ARGUE,
Sbawville, Que.
*
9
X

\
9
X
*
X

X
%
X
a
x
63
.. $3.85
X
Sbawville,
£5	__ ______ ____ ___ _____
Quebec
tray
3
63

B
63
K3
X
Phone 70
X
8
riytz|ynyiziy|ziziziz'^
'ï3J5J2J9JSJEüSSJEJ5J3fB/5J5J5JtaJSJSJSiSJSJ5JBISJ5j5JEi5J5J5j5J^f5J3Juj2ŒfBJSISJïïr:'

War Saving Certificate
ALL SIZES
Boot and Shoe Dept.
Full cn operation of leaders from ^ every walk of life in Canada will .be at | the disposal of the Government in g promoting the sale of War Savings | Certificates and War Savings Stamps | which went on sale in every city, town, | and hamlet across the country on 1 Monday.	a
Walter H Somerville and M de 1 Gaspe Beaubien, Joint Chairman of the g National War Savings Committee, will l»e aided by a National Advisory Panel which will include labour leaders, the . =, heads of important women’s organiza- g lions, representatives of the Civil B Service, Agriculture, the press, and key g men from chain stores, banks, security jg dealers, trust and loan companies, the 8 post ottice, insurance companies, and | other business institutions which have g undertaken to sell War Savings Certifi- S cates and War Savings Stamps.	g
As an indication of the nature of the 8 support which is being accorded the a National Chairmen by the business com- ¦ munity, it is pointed out that one 1 industry alone has placed at the dis- 1 posai of the Government a highly skilled | g sales force of over 800 men. firms which will be handling War Savings Certificates and War Savings Stumps hive already called together their key salesmen to inform them of the nature and purpose of this nationwide program.	. r
Valuable advice based on years of | ‘ practical experience in sales promotion is daily available to the National War Savings Committee from this group of experts.
With such an organization now operating at full pressure, the National Committee is confident that, beginning Monday morning, when the sale of War Savings Certificates and War Savings Stamps commenced, every man, woman and child in Canada will be able to obtain them without any difficulty or delay whatever.
The launching of this nation wide undei taking
English by the Hon. J. L. Ralston, Minister of Finance, and in French by the Hon. Ernest Lapointe, Minister of Justice, over a coast to coast radio network Sunday night at 9.30 Eastern Daylight Saving Time.
EIÔUtDJcMGlJSJGlMclfGlJGÎJSM^^
H
3
GUARANTEED
DALE’S TINSHOP
Men’s White Tennis Shoes
Brown
Women’s White
Brown Misses White
Brown
Women’s White Sport Oxfords
Fid Shoes Buck Shoes
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS

44
n
THE CORNER STORE
it
<4
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
44
44
44
Main and CentreSts
SH A W VILLE
44
44
QUE.
P-U-M-P-S
44
44
44
44
44
We are carrying a large stock of Beatty Pumps and Parts for every purpose, all at a price to suit you. this stock and save money.
Look Here
44 •
44
For Salr, Wants, Found
Lost ole'.
Men’s Work Boots $2.75 and up
Call in and see
O
Men’s Fine Oxfords $2.50 and up
FOR SALK—1 Underwood Typewriter in t£Oo<l condition, will he hoM cheap for
Apply at Thk Equity Op kick.
Other
cash.
LESLIE DALE
Shawville
Main Street.
LOST—Somewhere on Shawville, between the Anglicau church and Mrs. Cecil Howards on Sunday night, May at. a small wrist watch. Finder please notify FuraFlile or Mrs. Wellington Smart.
Quebec
>
FOR SALE- No. 15 He Laval Cream Separator, power device attachment. Oso. Mkldhum. Wyiuan. Phone 1-11,
MacLean’s
PASTURAGE FOR RENT-1‘2.1 acres of good pa.stme, well fenced ami lots of crater. Apply to T. J. Kkaiins. Quyon, Que.
Successor to G. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
RED & WHITE STORE

FOR SALE— Durham Bull three years old and Hereford Hull two year* old. | Doth purebred. Will exchange for calf or year old heifer. Apply to Hiram j Hkattik, Oowlow, Que. Phone, Shawville, i*-y.
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
I •
11
Tariff of Tolls to be Collected During
Season 1940, by
announced in
was
Sweet Mixed Pickles, 27 oz bottle Dill Pickles,
Tomato Catsup,
Oak-Leaf Tomato Juice, 28 oz can
Apple and Raspberry Jam, per jar......
Plum Jam, per jar.....................
Jelly Powders, all flavors, per pkg...
Coffee, fresh ground, per pound.......
Black Tea, bulk, per pound............
Map-0 Spread, 26 oz tin...............
GM. Peanut Butter, 20 oz ice box jar. .
25 c
FOR SALE—A quantity of good pots toes. Apply to W. J. Brownlkk, H. L Shaw ville. Phone 15—22.
17
• I
15c
4 I
25
I 4
17c
FOR SALE or RKNT-Dance Hull at Sand Bay. Apply to Crawford it. 2, Shawville. Phone, 22—21.
4 4
The Quinze Rapids Improvement Co., Ltd.
For Use of Improvements
Uahson
10c
25c
Wilson’s Garage
FOR SALE—Certified Green Mountain Potatoes, Apply to J. R McDowell, Shawville. Phone 11—27.
25c
Sawlogs, 17 feet and under, per 1,000feet Board Measure.
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hem’ock and all other woods, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, per 1,000 feet Board Measure...............................
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock, and all other woods, ronnd or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet Board Measure.............................' - -
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, square or waney board, per 1,000 Cubic Beet
Pulpwood, per Cord
; 5 cents
The Same Reliable Service
Sc
PASTURAGE — Large paaturaglng range for cattle. Apply to Dawson Armstrong, R. 1 Shawville. Phone 20 0.
39c
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
6J cents
60c
FOR SALE—A quantity of good Seed Potatoes (Green Mountain). Apply to Kvkrktt Lauohr&n, Charter!». Phone. Shawville 30 -27.
25c
Ford Service
25c
74 cents
11
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
4 4
6 4
15c
4 4
• •
4 4
4 4
• a • •
FOR SALE
Grapefruit Juice, 50 oz tin..........
Red & White Baking Powder per tin
Dates, pitted, per pound.............
Pure Lard, 2 pounds..................
25c
.	75 cents
J. P. Wilson
f *' Tile Lap " Sheets Galvanised Steel Roofing ordinary and Council Standard. Send rl Ige and rafter lengths for eetl
mate,
EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Lt d 1335 Delorlinler Avenue
Montreal, Quebec
25c
5 censt
• • • •
• • •
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
15c
E C. WOOLSEY,
Secretary
23c

###PAGE###6###
1
m
/
W
Defence Minister Rogers Inspects R.C.A.F. While Abroad
!
I
How Can I?
“It DOES teste good in e pipe!"
HANDY SEAL-TIGHT POUCH IS#
« rLB. "LOK-TOP" TIN . *0#
«Iso packtJ fit Pocktt Tins
Modern
Etiquette
¦





I
aW
BY ANNE ASHLEY
i



Q. How van I smooth a curdle custard?
A. Beat up a raw egg and slowly beat the curdled custard into it.
Q. How can 1 resize an Axminster rng?


BY ROBERIA LEE
m
m
D
Q. In the social world, does the rule to “return good for evil” ap-


*
V
ply?
»
A. Stretch the rug tight and tack face down on a floor, or some flat surface. Sprinkle with a sol-uticn made ' y soaking ami dissolving Vi pound of flake glue in 1/2 gallon of water. Let the mg dry at least one day. Care should be taken not to p tt on so much gluo that it w ' show on the right side.
A. This rule applies anywhere and everywhere. As Tillotson puts it, “A more glorious victory cannot be gained over another nun than this, that when the injury began on his part, the kindness should be-
iirin
#
#
TI#
For those living on the
gin on ours.
Q. Is it necessary to get a person’s consent before listing him on some committee?
A. Yes. It is inconsiderate to place him on the committee without first asking liis consent.
Q. How should small cakes be eaten at the table?
A. The fingers should he used to convey them to the mouth.
Q. When a hostess sends a man an invitation to dinner, and the invitation is not acknowledged, what should she do?
A. It might be best to phoue this man and ask if he received the invitation. as it is possible that through no fault of his he did not receive it. If he did. the average hostess will never repeat the invitation.
Q. Would it be permlssable to write a bread-and-butter note, or any kind of “thank you” note on a postal card?	%
A. No. The regular social stationery should be used.
Q. Are wedding guests supposed to call on the bride’s mother after the wedding?
A. Yes, within a week or ten days.
prices
land, the quantities are given in pounds and fractions of a pound.
It all boils down to this: Fat first the kind and amount of food equired to maintain normal disease-resisting health, then add whatever you wish or can afford after that. But GET THE ESSENTIALS
that may descend on the world as did the ’Flu in IMP.
Recently, in Toronto, Dr. Frederick F. Tisdall. chairman of the Committee of Nutrition, Canadian Medical Association, in a nation-wide radio broadcast stated that it every Canadian would eat the proper foods in the proper quantities (set forth in the booklet) the consumption of Canadian-grown foods would be increased by 12 per cent.
?
HEALTH
TOPICS
Q. Haw can I wash vegetables most satisfactorily?
A. Try using an ordinary ten-shaken around several times in the water, and vvh
r
#
?
lifted out the

Use Essential Foods For War-Time Health
vegetables will be bright and cl Q, How
lamp or lantern L e a much brighter light?
and thwart the germs
n I cause a kerosene
“Every housewife can do her and help others do theirs— by keeping her family’s health at a high level.”—Canadian Medical Association.
Thus ends the introduction on the inside front cover of a new booklet just now coming off the entitled “Food for Health
adding a small pinch of salt to the oil in the bowl.
Q. How can I prevent bugs and worms in my window boxes?
A. Bugs and worms can be prevented by heating the earth for window boxes or potted plants hi the oven before using wash the inside of window boxes before filling with earth to keep out insects and to keep the boxes
A
bit

I

me

White
Defence Minister Norman Rogers is pictured here as he inspected units of the Royal Canadian Air Force at their station in the west of England. Mr. Rogers was in England conferring with the British govern
ment.
preses, in Peace and War.”
Prepared by the nutrition experts of the Canadian Medical Assn., and embodying knowledge gained after years of study and research, including the very latest, the booklet is published by the leading life insurance companies in Canada.
Weekly Food Budget It is written in the simplest language, and instead of rambling on about vitamins and caî-
about which the average
from rotting
“Dead Man”Pay« Taxes in Winnipeg
Golf at Jasper Good This Y ear
Ontario to Carry
On Usual Surveys
!
- HAVE
YOU HEARD?!
+
A “dead man” walked into Winnipeg's civic offices one day last week and paid his taxes.
When he gave his name, a clerk dug out his file and said:
“Say, we've got you down ai 'dead.' We've sent out your tax bill for this year and last, and ecah time the pest office has returned it marked ‘deceased “Dead nothing,” replied tho thoroughly alive “corpse” as ho paid two years' taxes smoothing out a change-of-ad-dress tangle.
Paul Leduc, Minister of Mines of Ontario, has announced that geological investigations will be carried out by his department this summer. These investigations will include surveys of new prospecting fields, examination of deposits of strategic minerals and detailed study in some of the mining camps.
Party assistants have been appointed and include 27 students from the Department of Geology and Mining Engineering at Ontario universities.
The Course Has Never Been In Better Shape for the Season, Declares The Veteran
Greenkeeper at Famous Mountain Resort
A young man was invited to a dance. Having been accepted by a pretty girl as a partner, they danced together for some time; after which the man thanked her.
“It was lovely,” he g*id, “and I shall always remember it.”
“1 see,” said the girl phants never forget.”

t
ones
housewife knows very littio of practical use in the kitchen — quickly turns into a set of weekly food budgets for single persons, children, and various size families. So many quarts of milk, pounds of cheese, bread and so forth, for a family of five. Cost, $8.95
What Science-Is Doing ?
t M
4
“Never before in the many long years I. have been greens-keeper, have I ever seen a golf course come through a winter so soundly true and even as did the course at Jasper this year,” declared W. H. “Bill” Brinkwortb, veteran greenskeeper at the famous mountain course as he passed through Winnipeg. “Every green and fairway is already in fine condition and we have been cutting the greens for nearly three weeks. With such a good start, the course will be in excellent shape for the heavy play it is bound to receive this year,” he stated.
“Brink” has just spent a few days at Minaki, where he has been checking over the golf course. His son, Gordon Brinkwortb, has been appointed greenskeeper there this summer. Gordon spent the last two years at Elk Island course, Alberta, and previous to that had many years tutelage under his father at Jasper. He reports considerable work to be done at Minaki, but states the course will be in good shape for the opening near the end of June.
Mr. Brinkwortb points out that the course at Jasper wintered in first class shape despite the lack of snow during the winter. “The country around Jasper was bare of snow most of the winter. However, our elk fence kept the animals off the course and the grass was given every chance to come through. It has never been in such uniformly good condition at this time of year in its history,” concluded the golf expeit.
i

» « * <
“Ele-
after
CRIME PREVENTION
Prof. Joslyn Rogers of the University of Toronto, analyst for the Ontario Government and well-known criminologist, predicts that much crime will be controlled within a few years through combined knowledge of chemistry and medicine.
Prof. Rogers says that behavior largely is the outcome of bodily function and contended that abnormal behavior might be due to abnormal functioning within a body, which is in essence chetn-
o
on the basis of city
Thetroublewiththemodern parking •ystemiethatyoucan* t getoutofaknelikethisone.
...CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS...
The film people had made the picture from the book. That is, they had almost made it. They were on the last scene. And they were stuck. They couldn’t figure out how to end it. Suggestion after suggestion as to how to end it was made, but none seemed to be the right ending.
And then somebody got a wonderful idea. A novel suggection— something no one had thought of.
“Why not have the same ending the book has?” was the amazing suggestion.
ft I HSIIRY STOCK
CHICK BCVKU
WHAT EVERY .should know. When you buy Baden thicks you get high quality Government Approved chicks from blood-tested breeders and sold nt the right price. New prices go Into effect May 22nd. Standard White I .eghorns $8.75. 00 per cent. Pullets $18.45. Barred Rocks. New Hampshires $9.25. Pullet.h__$ 1 4.9.». Jtirred Rock cockerels fH to. New Hampshire cockerels $#.75. White Hocks. Hybrids Barred Rocks x New llamps. New Hamps x Barred Rocks $10.25. Pullets $15.9.». Cockerels $7.75. Big Egg Quality and Extra Select slightly higher Started chirks. Capons. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Ltd.. Baden Ontario.	________
AGENTS WANTED
BIGGEST $1.00 GARDEN 1 JO Dif ferent Perennial Plants (Delphinium. Pyrethrum. Sweetroclcet. etc.) Barberry. Ninebark. Japonic* Shrubs: Evergreen: Weeping Willow; 250 Seeds: Gayfenther Bulbs. Prepaid. Two orders $1.80. Dollar Ntirseries. Fonthlll. Ontario.________
LIGHTNING ROD AGENT WANT ed to sell Phillips Lightning tective System. B. Phillips C
Limited. 32 Osborne Avenue
Pro
omp
any Toronto
TOWN AND HERAT- REPRESENT-atives wanted. Increase your earnings by handling one of the fin-lines of oils, greases, tires.
insectl-
ical
PHOTO FINISHING
est
IREK! YOU CAN NOW OWN A complete set of beautiful silverware absolutely without cost, manufactured and guaranteed by International Silver Company. You may have this complete aet absolutely free by sending your films to Imperial. Semi an order now and receive complete particulars of this amazing offer. Six or eight exposure films developed and printed 25c, or 8 reprints 25c. plus your choice of a free enlargement In easel mount or free silverware*. To get the best in quality and service send your films to Imperial Photo Service. Station J.. Toronto
,j. «park plugs electric fence controllers.
roof coating
batteries tides, l.
house paints and materials. Write Warco Grease & Oil Limited. Toronto.
STOPS HAIR GRAYING
Isolation of a vitamin which prevents and cures graying of hair in animals is announced by a group of University of Wisconsin bio-chemists. The scientists said they had not determined definitely whether the vitamin also would be effective in treating human beings to maintain or restore the youthful color of their hair. Experimental quantities of the pure vitamin were removed from liver.
START A BUSI-home. No capital
NOW l'OB CAN ness fn»m you: required. We supply everything. You handle only fast selling items. Commissions substantial. l*ree
3 H. F. 313 Fort. Winnipeg.
New Cook: “How shall 1 cook the potatoes for dimmer tonight, madam ?”
Mrs
jackets on. It is a very formal dinner!”	*
CATTLE Foil stl.fr
REGISTERED HE RE FOR OS.
and heifers for sale, priced reasonable. Wilbert May. Route 2.
Orangeville. Ontario
“With the
Uppity
artificial limbs
1)1 %l I' WAGGON
r,
HANGER 1.IMBCÜ.. 124 WELLLNG-ton Street West. Toronto. Improved 1,1 mbs without shoulder straps Fzee catalogue.
__ HOOSIKR DUMP one and three quarters
Rnr-
FOR SALE waggon.
yard capacity. Almost new gain for rash. Apply <\ H. Roger* McFarlane Street. Peterborough Ontario.	__________
Howlers
A monologue is a conversation between twe people, such as man and wife.
A worm looks like a caterpillar » that has been shaved.
Petroleum ie a sort of oil-cloth used for covering floors.
Lighthouse keepers have few opportunities for gardening.
FHOTOGR WHY
MAY SPECIAL! TRIAI. ROLL OP. eight reprints. 15c, with advertisement. liondon Photo Service, Box SSI. London. Ontario.
0
HAKKKV EdLir.MK.VI
WORST UNSOLVED PROBLEMS
F.LF.CTRIC MOTORS
OVENS AND MACHLN-ulso rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Correa-
SSMe3v:n1nJ“eaiOS üa«Sruar,«P8t‘: Toronto.
BAKE Its
ery
QFILT PATCHES
ELECTRIC MOTORS OF EVERY description, also V Belt* and 1 »'•;
tic Moore Electric. 29G
QUILTING PATCHES 5 LBs SI.10. postpaid. Wash fast cotlor. z«nd broadcloth, x 6 up. Textile Jobber*. 20 Ma ml Street. Toronto.
“The two most difficult problems yet unsolved by medical science” said Dr. Russell L. Cecil of New York, last week, “are tuberculosis and the virus diseases, the latter group including poliomyelitis, encephalitis, influenza and the common cold.”
Dr. Tracy J. Putnam said that epilepsy was now the commonest diseases of the nervous system, and that 500,000 people in the United States are subject to convulsions. He said that the problem “looked pretty unpromising a decade ago” but that physicians now are “beginning to get somewhere with it.”
I
print
leys. Jones Adelaide West. Toronto
KXTF.lt M IN AT<> II
0
SALESMEN WANTED
IS All I OIM KS
PUG KILLER. *5o. enter
mot h», rock'
-DF.RPO
ruinate* bedbugs roach»»*, crickets, fleas, lice, tick* "HERAT" Rat and Mouse Killer 5Or. harmless to humans. unimais
AEs ton*. Simp*nn«*. Tamblvn*. local dealers, or Dei po Products. Toronto.	_______________
Guest (et wedding): “it's Hard to lose a beautiful daughter.”	,
Father (with two yet to “It's a lot harder to
Fa mi lex Quality Product* becoming better known every day. we need more salesmen to Insure the beat possible service to satisfied customers. Any active and honest man can make a living selling 200 necessities which bring repeat orders by themselves. There 1* Nil RISK with our Successful Plan. Ask for FREE catalogue and Information
57) St. (’lenient St
BABY CHICKS ARE CHEAPER IF tht>y do move for you when mat-
MONEY in your pocket. Irent Chicks are bt ed to do this for you
,m M5Ï. M00OUcrhi,k; in ONE GOOD GRADE. BEST Barred Rocks.
Britain Cutting
Butter Ration
¦¦
lose the homely ones.”
season, weekly You get our White leghorns. New Hampshire» Hybrids. For belter lesulta be come a "Trent Chick Customer. Write to Trent Electric Hatchery Box 633W.. Trenton, Ontario.
F %IIM FOU SALI
FA Ml i.EX COMPANY,
.MONTRE AI*.
Taking off his cap politely as he entered the office, the messenger handed over the note.
“That's all right, my boy,” said the recipient. “Just run back and tell Mr. Jones that—”
“Sorry, sir,” replied the lad. “My employer said I was not to ge back till you give me the money you owe him !”
“Oh!” said the debtor. “I wonder if he'll recognize you with a beard ?”
ACRES. DAIRY SECTION: well fenced, drained: trick house barn, slrn wslvd. *11o: near .Toll n Forman. Li «dowel. Ont
111
Because of the cessation of Danish supplies, Britons were told last week by Lord Woolton, food minister, to prepare for the reduction at an early date of the butter ration from eight to four ounces each week.
Butter first was rationed at four ounces weekly beginning January 8, but the amount was increased to eight ounces weekly on March 25.
Lord Woolton warned that the sugar ration of 12 ounces each week might be reduced also.
hanl
towi
LYONS’
(.HOW RUN. ATTENTION!
RECONDITIONED I I UNIT! RE
YOU'VE
again the old idea
gut to pay extra to get high quel -tty chicks is exploded. Twedd'e J940 customer* by the dozen* coni* back for more chick*. This is proof of quality. Send fur our prices. Double A A Leghorn*. New Hump* $T70. Barred Rocks $10.20. 15 other varieties to choose from. Capons turkey poults, free catalogue. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, ret gus Ontario.
BARGAINS!
GARDENERS
FRUIT GROWERS
Write to us for price* on your requirement * of fruit and vegetable packages The Oakville Basket Limited. OnkvMle. Ontario
$49 Beautiful living room outfit. Large 3 piece Chesterfield Suite, upholstered In brown mohair with figured teversible Marshall spring: cushions, bridge lamp and milk shade, walnut end table, milk cushion* talile lamp and nllk shade, and modern smoker, a real outstanding value.
$24. Solid oak Dining Room Suite large buffet, extension table end 6 leather upholstered chair*, completely reflnished.
$fil Modern solid oak dining room suite, large buffet, extension table eh In a cabinet and 6 leather upholstered chair*, completely re finished.
$49. Remit I fill solid walnut dinl’K room suite, completely refinish, d. large buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather seat chair*.
$29. Chesterfield Suite, .1 pieces, upholstered in repp material, rust shade, reversible Marshall spring cushions, perfect condition.
$19. Kroehler Chesterfield Bed Suite 3 pieces, upholstered In brown mohair figured reversible spring cushions, thoroughly reconditioned. Complete with new mattress.
$59. Modern Red Room Suite, floor
the new bleached wal-with round Venetian vanity, ehlffon-*.ig1ese spring
$29. Smart Hreakfav Suit# fn
i o
More Educated
Police Force
HOTEL* WANTED
HOT
OUR SUCCESS IN KELLI N<
el* 1* really phenomenal. We will be pleased to h ive an opportunity to try to sell yours. We advertise In every paper In Ontario. For our
to Bert Wei r & Sons. Realtors. Txmdnn. Ontario.
London, Ontario’s police commission has decided to raise th# educational standards of the city police force. The commmiasioners went vit record favoring matriculation as the minimum educational requirement for all new men taken on the force.
This decision came as the commission approved the appointment of James R. House of London, as a member of the police force. Chief Down said that House has his matriculation.
term* writ
MAY-JUNi
MBrav chirks. Order now. Quirk de livery. New Hampshire». Barred Rocks, Leghorns. Order L. S. x N H rind Mark Minorca*. Jun» de If very, Bargain* started cockerels Order Turkey* soon. "Orderim MORE Bi o y «'hicks - good sir Did wonderfully well. Si
i. Remem be r. tira y Hatchery Hamilton, Ont.
Canadian National Railways Earning*
FI.-RXITflRR FOII MALI
FRRf
BA lîli.MN'S
FURNITURI	„	_ ,
catalogue of new end used rurni-
• n? off request. All money-bark guar-
ure
Three hundred wrecks which have lain in Table Bay at Capetown, South Africa, for years aie being buried in connection with the city's $24,000,000 harbor project for building a new civic and shopping center on îecîaimed land. The work is being done with dredgers.
ture barg-ilj r
good* sold in ante*. Wholesale- Furr Bathurst Street. Toront
The gross revenues for the all-inclusive Canadian National Railways for the week ending May 7,
1040, were ............
as compared with ......
for the corresponding week of 1939, an increase of .............
cm#s
say Bra >
Bray 110 John St. N
466
' customer* (’hicks Ray
>ihiii< ai
$4,568,748
3,516,170
\r.L LIVING AT SIX WEEKS writes Harold Blerher. Brome. Que." who received 100 Barred Rocks and 50 New Humps. ThatV the kind we sell. Top Notch Chirk* are from carefully culled and blood-tested breeders. The» are sold at the right price. St a fid-ard Quality leghorns $6 50; 90 per rent. Pullet» $16 95: Cockerels $1.00. Barred Rocks $6.95, Pullets $1 4.75 Cockerel» If. 90. New Momp* $8 95. Pullets $15.75. Cockerels
H:N:
Large Egg Quality add one cent. Rigger Profit add two cents. f»w-er prices for June. Free catalogue.
Tup Notch (’hickories. Guelph. Ont.
OB EXCELLENT RESULT ITS TIO cithei Asthma or
Xsthmu-Tone" for mlldej Xsf hm.a-La x" for sever»» Asthma. Convince yourself Order 25c bottle from • A si him Ton»* r.abotatorics, 410 Barton F Hamilton. Ontario.
1,052,578
29.9%
01
STM
And new maîtres?.
A STRONG, 25-YEAR ROOFING
l,i:n*o\ 41
Nervous Restless
Why waste money on wood shingles that ism? Roof your boil ding i with MUTAI for permanence, prote tion and econo pedlar* Nu* Roof in the "Council Standard" btaod, is Guaranteed tot 25 Years. Send dimensions of your building for our Free te of complete cost
Filter and prices on npplutvm.
JU IT TUUACVU SNUFF. RASH.Y Inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonial». Guai antet-d Ad vl<> free. Bert let f*e Boy 1 Wlnnincg
nut finish, buffet with cabinet top,
lfe leaf table, new.
$12.9.'* Hoosler Kitchen Cabinet, sliding porcelain top
o assortment, of dreamers, beds. «. odd chairs, chesterfields at low prices to clear.

II
/
Guaranteed
«iris!
m
Cranky? Restless? Cen t sleep? Tire eeslly? Annoyed by female functions! diserte re and monthly distress? Then take Lydia E. Pink ham's Vegetable Compound, famous for over 60 years Jn helping such rundown, weak, nervous conditions Made especially for women. WELL WORTH TRYING I
<
l

CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
»MI MOIA* MOfll LIMIT!»
B.iibtiiM ns i
m
rid

Used
New

Heed Office
* Montreal Ottawa Toronto Winnipeg Calgary Vancouver
LYONS FURNITURE CO. 478 Yonge St. — Toronto
Before pol' iiing furniture, first
go over it with a p>ce of cheesecloth wrung out of hot water, then apply polish. Thig gives excellent results.
*ri ( i Ai.r/.iSt TOUR,
Hotel*
era. NsssriN»
I Li luiui
*etlafiiv(i«Mi or refund
I \ IIFBI II I SIM-
*1 ,l' •
tirnii:. |w. n MlNfl* • • I*urn or* Miitliitl-Sr r » !«•«•, tÜRi» — Le Tj Auto
POU F.IM'NM * XX êiM-hv»

üs
PEDLARS NüRoof
!
ISSUE NO. 21—'»
Far le, Tersmia»
j


###PAGE###7###

-S
T
T
Jacket Dresses Are Essential For Travelling
There’s DOUBLE
ENJOYMENT

ZSB,
fLlL
i
A
A
fifLt
. v ‘*f
L
B
in delicious . . . .
WWW##

K
L
DOUBLEMINT GUM


Whether It’s Hot or Cold Vc j Will Feel Well Dressed
S
E
m
ip!


Are you planning a wonderful trip this summer? Wherever your trip takes you, if it only takes you to the city and back you’ll want one costume in your wardrobe Vhis spring and summer that has chameleon possibilities and that will be good anywhere, anytime.


a
By SADIE B, CHAMBERS
.7/
ÜË

v
Spring Sunday Dinner
Sunday dinners, which require a .short preparation, are very popular this time of the year, when all housewives as well as the family yearn to spend as much time as possible out of doors. This dinner should he a popular one as a good deal of the preparation can be done beforehand with only a few moments' work necessary before serving.
%
I

%

.»**«!*

A
*

7
. *
wm
a
SAVE PACKING TROUBLE
Redingote and jacket dresses cover a lot of ground in this direction, and let it blow hot or cold, you’ll feel well dressed. One advantage of this type of costume is that it can be worn with or without the coat or jacket, qt with other jackets to make an entirely different looking costume. Travellers welcome this idea and save themselves "packing” trouble.
Jackets this year usually follow the long torso line and have JÎM0 details like huge patch pockets, or large pearl buttons. A new note in redingotes is the bloused back coat. If you're practical you’ll choose a material that doesn’t wrinkle, in a dark color or print that, won’t show the earmarks of travel session of fun.
SEERSUCKERS IN HOME
Very new in dresses for home wear are the seersuckers and crinkle sheers in bright plaids, as easy to launder as a handkerchief and requiring practically no ironing. These dresses are as gay as a summer morning, trimly tailored with easy flaring skirts and slim, young waistlines.



*
pi
said to tell you it was Lee Hollister.”


?
HILLS of DESTINY


W
Lee!” Virginia sat up suddenly. “Why didn’t you tell me before? Tell him — no. help me, Anna — I'm in a frightful burry.” fTo Be Continued)
"Oh
Menu
Fresh Pineapple Cocktail Broiled Lamb Chops Heated Potato Chips Egg and Spring Greens Salad
Pecan Tarts
Select shoulder iamb chops (young lamb) and cut medium thick. Pre-heat the broiler. In an with both the bottom and
# Every day millions find real
pleasure in the genuine, long-
lasting flavor of Doublemint
Gum. Cooling, refreshing,
• satisfying! Enjoy it after every
meal: Millions do!	__.
#
% '
by Agnes Louise Provost
- X
Paris’ Emphasis On Femininity
nlng to spend the next winter at Palm Beach. By that time Virginia would have sold the western pro-• pf My, and they could afford it very nicely. It was wonderful, she reflected, what a price the elder Bra-dish was silling to pay for a whim. As for his son — well, Stanley also could be relied upon to prefer civilization to a ranch, it was working out beautiiully.
Sounds drifted In through the open window. A car was coming into the drive. Mrs. Archer had a glimpse \ two young heads, one gay and wind-blown, with a copper sheen, the other smoothly dark. She sighed comfortably, and pushed the accusing bills aside.
Down below the parley was brief and careless.
"Come on. We'll get out there ahead of the mob."
"Can't promise. I have a lot to
SYNOPSIS
Lee Hollister, returning unex pectedly from a trip abroad to the Circle V ranch, him home from him childhood, Im troubled by signs ot eeglect. He Is upset too, when he .nette Slanty Gano, a trouble maker whom Matt Blair, owner of the ranch had run off the land in times past. Slanty Is now manager for the old Ceballos place. Joey, prospector befriended by Matt, breaks the news that Matt Is dead; he had killed himself. Joey says the ranch Is going to ruin under Lawler, manager appointed by Virginia, Matts daughter, who is living in New York with her aunt and uncle. Lee goes east to get her.




oven
fop units only the top will be required. The oven should be prepared well in advance so that the meat will sear quickly. Place chops on greased wire of a heated broiling pan. Sear on both sides under strong direct heat, season; then lower the heat. Continue cooking, turning the meat as necessary, until chops are done. Those required for rare should have 5 to 7 minutes cooking, medium 7 to 9, well done U to 12. Time varies with thickness of chops.

Purity of Line and Simplicity Marks Summer Showing of Successful Designer
flAVOJL
fk
rut
GET SOME TODAY
or an all-day
The group of summer models shown by Carpentier stress femininity stripped of all unnecessary trimming. Color, purity cf line and simplicity, achieved by the perfect technique recalling the Vionnet school, marks the second collection of this successful designer.
Adding interest to afternoon dresses a draped armhole with correspondingly widened short sleeves is featured, while back fullness in the centre back of waists in floor-length evening gowns retain the slim silhouette. New fabrics and contrasts for smart resort wear are seen. Plain shantung is relieved by printed twills and tie silks, taffeta with twill is new, too.
FIRST HINTS OF FALL
New color contrasts stress violet and Chinese blues, absinthe and white. A novel basqued patent belt is used dn shantung dresses. A fitted Chinese princess tunic is developed for evening in print chiffon.
This new line is evolved this season by other houses also. The first fall furs, introduced by Zor-ino, which Carpentier likes are in sable and bleached shades besides the natural color.
chopped nuts, simmer a few minutes longer, then pour into sterile glasses. Cool and seal.
Pineapple Waffle* #
2 egg yolks lié cups water
2	cups flour
4 teaspoons baking powder
!* cup crushed pineapple
3	tablespoons melted butter
3 tablespoons fruit sugar
teaspoon salt
Beat the egg yolks until very light. Add the water. Sift the flour, baking powder, sugar and salt together and stir quickly into the liquid mixture. Add to the pineapple thoroughly drained, melted butter, and fold in stiffly beaten egg whites. Bake immediately. Cook one cup of pineapple with one cup of sugar and serve with waffles.
I
l

CHAPTER III
A FASHIONABLE RESORT Whatever clouds might be hanging over the Circle V, beauty and late afternoon sunshine lay like a mantle on the cottage which Mrs. T. Ellison Archer had taken for the eummer season. It was a cottage only by comparison with the more pretentious places nearby and the great estates along the shore road, and it was more expensive than the T Ellison Archers could afford, but it was in the heart of a fashionable summer colony, and Mrs. Archer not the woman to neglect her
Egg Salad
1 tablespoon gelatine % cup cold water
1	cup thick salad dressing 4 hard cooked eggs (sliced)
% cup celery chopped
2	tablespoons green pepper
2 tablespoons chopped sweet pickles
1 tablespoon pimento chopped 1 tablespoon lemon juice Salt to taste.
Soften gelatine in cold water, then place over boiling water until dissolved. Cool and add to thick salad dressing. Add eggs, celery, pepper, pickle, pimento, lemon juice and salt.
Turn into square dish, which has been rinsed^in cold water and chill. When firm, unmold and slice thin, serve on shredded lettuce or watercress and garnis,i with green onions and radishes and salad dressing.
Pineapple Cream Tarts lé cup grated pineapple (or put through the food chopper)
1 cup cream
4 tablespoons powdered sugar 1 teaspoon lemon juice Maraschino or candied cher-
Terr Throneïess
Queens Living
do."
The car shot out of the drive.
The girl with the coppery head turned and went in. and a neat maid just crossing the hall checked hoc steps and waited for pos el bio orders.
“Any cal's for me while I was out. Anna?"
"Yes, miss, several. I’ve left a note of cl.ch one on your desk."
"Thanks; maybe I can lose them." Virginia grimaced frankly. Halfway up the stair* the coppery head turned.
The ranks of exiled royalty are more numerous to-day than ever before. There are ten Queens without a throne between them:
Ex-Empress Zita, mother of Archduke Otto, Pretender to the throne of the Habsbuvgs.
Queen Victoria of Spain, now in England.
Queen Amelie of PoPrtPuPgaP
Queen Amelie of Portugal, whose husband, King Carlos, was assassinated at Lisbon in 1908. She lives near Versailles.
Queen Elizabeth of Greece, daughter of the late King Ferdinand of Bulgaria, and separated from her husband, King George II of Greece.
Hermine, second wife of the ex-Emperor Whilhelm II of Germany.
Queen Sourya of Afghanistan, whose husband was forced to abdicate because he tried to westernize his country too quickly. They live in Italy.
Queen Helene of Rumania, separated from King Carol in 1925, now living in Florence.
Queen Rambarbarni of Siam, whose husband abdicated in 1935. They live in England.
Empress Menen of Abyssinia, wife of Haile Selassie. This royal couple also live in England.
Queen Geraldine of Albania, who lives in France with her husband, King Zog.
Pecan Tarts
was
duty toward a marriageable niece, especially where duty and personal comfort marched side by side so
2 eggs
1 cup brown sugar
1 tablespoon soft butter teaspoon nutmeg
1 teaspoon cinnamon bk teaspoon ground doves % tablespoon lemon juice 0 a pinch of salt
cup seeded raisins Vz cup chopped or roiled pecars • Prepared pie paste.
Beat the yolks of the eggs thoroughly with the sugar and the butter. Stir in the spices, vinegar, salt, raisins and nuts and lastly fold in the stiffly beaten egg whites. Turn into pastry-lined tart pans. Bake in very hot oven until pastry is set, then lower to moderate oven and bake until filling is set. Top with whipped cream sprinkled with grated maple sugar.
Last week I gave you quite a few pineapple recipes and 1 am sure you are all enjoying to the fullest this delicious and ever popular fruit. Here are one or two recipes more 1 think you will enjoy for a variation:
"Oh. Anna, if anybody comes in the next hour or so I'm not at home."
Virginia went on upstairs, aunt's door was slightly ajar, but she hurried on.
All day long she had been rushing from one thing to another, riding, swimming, aquaplaning, lunching with a crowd at the beach club, off to the country club to watch the tennis try-outs, dancing, meeting new men. off to somebody's house and more dancing, and everybody drinking too much. In a little while she would be dressing again for dinner and a moonlight cruise on Mr. Bradish's new yacht.
Virginia tossed her hat on a chair, kicked off her pumps, slid out of her dress and left it In a heap on the floor, and for the first time relaxed with a long sigh of relief.
What was the sense of tearing around all day, meeting a lot of people you only half liked, and never having a minute to yourselff She stared moodily at the floor.
Although no one outside would have guessed It. this was one of the grey days, when everything was flat and futile and there was a sickening emptiness where one part of her life had been.
On the table beside her bed lay a litle pile of papers. There was n scrawled report from Lawler, the new manager, there were bewildering columns of figures which represented Matt Blair's confused affairs; there was a letter urgently advising her to sell before the deterioration of a once prosperous property became too evident. Beside them was a memorandum of Milton Bradish's offer, the whim of a rich man to lavish money on a show ranch in the place where he had once been poor.
A GENTLEMAN DOWNSTAIRS There was a tap at the door. She said "Come!" and Anna appeared, visibly flustered.
"There's a gentleman downstairs, Miss Virginia—"
"But 1 said that I wouldn't see anybody."
"Ye*. Miss Virginia, but hesitated and looked worried. Callers at the Archer home politely accepted the dictum delivered at the door, but this one, in spite of the fact that he had come on foot Instead of in the latest model roadster, and wore a good, but undeniably ready-made suit of clothes, had somehow an air of taking It for granted that his wishes would be complied with.
"He said he hoped you would be home pretty soon, because he had come a long way to see you.
agreeably.
In the safe seclusion of her own she sighed a little over the
zoom
task of balancing accounts that much too heavy on the debit
Her
were
eide. Figure* were so depressingly obstinate, but after all most of the bills were really Virginia’s, and the ranch sale would attend to them Mrs. Archer brightened visibly.
There was no doubt In her mind that she had done well by her sister's child. To be sure, there had been at first an Intractable streak in Virginia, a vigor of speech and action, a habit of making friends of quite Impossible people which had caused her aunt some anxiety, but the vigor had toned into careless composure, and Mrs. Archer had diplomatically censored Virginia's friends for six years. And now she could sit back and view her far from unpaid labors with complacency. Virginia was a success. She was young, beautiful and popular. She could dance all night and be as bright-eyed as a kitten the next, day; she had been assiduously trained in every art and accomplishment that social success mi#ht demand. In Mrs. Archer's heart there was a secret relief that her brother-in-law's tragic death had removed the last link between Virginia and the appalling place that had been her home. Virginia must not be wasted there. She must marry well. It was necessary, for more reasons than one.
DAISY PRINCESS
Complete Ensemble
2606
SIZES 8-16 jemout
& iNCLVOCO
*
{Ms
J)
ries
Baked tart shells Whip the cream until stiff. Add sugar and lemon juice then stir in grated pineapple. Fill tart shells with the mixture and garnish with a cherry. Serve very cold.
Rcuuests—
Rhubarb Conserve—
3 lbs. rhubarb 3 lbs. sugar
** cup Bee Hive corn syrup 1 lemon 1 orange
1 lb. seeded raisins *2 cup chopped walnuts Was!) and peel rhubarb; cut In 1 inch pieces and put in preserving kettle. Add sugar and syrup, then the raisins, lemon and orange (extract the juice from each and grate the rind) Mix well and cover. Allow to stand Vt hour. Place on heat and bring slowly to boiling point. Allow to simmer 45 minutes until quite thick. Add
(<* y
(
*
<
*
m

0
Man Who Never
Saw A Woman
READERS. WRITE IN •
Mise Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics tor her column, and is even ready to listen to your >»el peeves." Requests for recipes or special menus are in order. Address your letters to "Miss Sadie B Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto."

&
f


Brother Michael Kolotose, a monk in the monastery of Mou.it Athos, recently died at the age of 80. Since boyhood he had never set eyes on a woman, for his mother died at his birth and his father left him in the care of the monastery almost immediately afterwards.

m •
(*
-, i
y
GIRL WITH COPPERY HAIR And Virginia, for the past few ¦Mnthe, had been unusually docile. After her first passionate outburst sf grief and self-reproach that she had not been with her father, and the days of haunted restlessness which had followed in that place of memories, she had dropped into an Indifferent acquiescence with her aunt’s plans.
Already Mrs. Archer was plan
?
<4
\
$
4
Here's a breakfast that
l

v,
ASKS YOU TO EAT IT!
V
til


oK




0
E V5
/*
0
«
> C
COLEMAN HOT PLATES DO BIG-STOVE JOBS
By LOUISE LENNOX



As fresh and young as the daisy perched on the shoulder, is this dress for your young daughter. A matching or contrasting jacket makes it a complete ensemble for her to wear for Sunday best or for excursions with mother. Plaiq or printed cotton washes well and can be easily kept spiv and span. Applique white daisies with yellow centers | on the shoulders to give it that professional look.
Style No. 2606 is designed fo ' j sizes 8, 10, 12, 14 and 16 year.». Size 8 requires 2 yards of 31) ineh# material fbr dress; % yard for short sleeved bolero.
Send FIFTEEN CENTS (15c),
PAT*
l
" An-
MO COAXING NEtDED! Once upon a time. Clara May used to scowl at her breakfast. But that was before she heard the pop-crackle-snap of Rice Krispies. Now she delightedly digs into a big bowlful of these golden rice bubbles every morning!
%
na
Make and Burn Own Gas,
. Give city-like gee cooking ¦«•nice x y eny where. Light inetently. Reg\i-late at finger touch. No pipe*. n\ connection» or greasy wick». One '• j end two-burner models. See dealer l U or write	J
w.

Every doy thousands tune-in the "crispness chorus". ..
As the cream pours on. Rice Krispies crackle and pop every morning in homes. from Halifax to Vancouver. They’re favourites with children . . . with their mothers . . and with barrel-chested he-men, too! Tests have proved they slay crisp in milk or cream for hours! “Rice Krispies” is a registered trade mark of the Kellogg Company of Canada, Limited, for its delicious brand of oven-popped rice. Start brightening your breakfasts with Rice Krispies tomorrow! Madetmty by Kellogg’s in London, Canada.

\
THE COLEMAN LAMP AND STOVE COMPANY. LTD
Toronto. Ont
Deaf. WN560




(8*66)
V


t

£
X
ggg & j
\
:¥


He
• /
I
h
%
automatic	I
BOOKIET	j
Chant refer
Coleman
STOVES
INSTANT
for
(Coin is pref TERN, t 421, jonto
NAB!
number, r.i:
SIZE YOU WISH.
' 4 I
sS
CAS
i:
;
I
Vÿ
v u
Slow Burning
St., To
Y O 11 ».
i V
Toronto, fimnrl 11
Dept. U n-BM
CIGARETTE PAPERS

M I
I
- -J .
I 1
NONE FtNte MA Ot
ISSUE NO. 21—’40

g ^
A 0
DOUBLE
pit ut

B „
###PAGE###8###
1
te






I
Notice of Meeting-
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Work Supplies for
MEN
'.
T'
GUTT^otRCHA
lHfcSnMMBaOFWÎW
I
Monuments in Marble and Granite
information on special designs and prices.

Work Shirts—fawn and blue covert cloth, sizes 14^ to 17........
Pant Overalls—blue denim, copper rivets, good quality ....
Work Boots
choose from
Balbriggan Combinations
36 to 4t..............
•fô*
95 cts.
Write for

County L. O L.
Phone. 278
$1.35
1

Pontiac County L O.L. will hold its semi-animal meeting at Char* teris Lodge room on Tuesday afternoon, June 4th, at one o'clock. A good representation from each Lodge is requested.
Rexford Wilson, Norval Kilgour County Master,

geo. h. FROATS & SONS
284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Several makes to
$2.95 to $5.00
T7
Sizes
3
/G
tl A SL
Message to Churchill	Bravo, Ladies^____
ation to see the fight- through, thing now was tried hv aoroe 90 ended hi* message with these |U,nfbera of Toronto’s 550 girls. ». word? : “We must muster the ut- I they te,ted „,eir hkill at handling most strength of this country so trB'tor8t A fur cry from the side that we may make our full contribution to the triumph of right which must and will prevail.
Sec ty
75 cts.
A
s

Poor Lighting Facilities
Injure Human Eyesight
Convenience, cleanliness and safety of electric lights are of secondary importance when compared to the effect that lighting has on the family's health, comfort and enjoyment, according to Anne Biebricher, home . furnishings specialist, Ohio State 'university, who says poor lighting is in a large degree responsible for poor eyesight.
This specialist says there is more to good lighting than just a powerful source of light, which in many instances is a bare light bulb. Good lighting is easily secured by using enough light, avoiding glare, having a minimum of contrast, and directing the light properly.
It is best to make sure there is enough light for the task that is being done. Reading fine print or sewing on dark material requires more light than reading large print or sewing on light material. If possible have the amount of light checked with a light meter.
There are two kinds of glare, direct and reflected. Direct glare is created when lamp bulbs are wholly or partially exposed to the eye. This glare can be eliminated by shading all lamp bulbs, and placing portable lamps so that no bulbs are exposed.
Reflected glare is caused by reflection from surfaces near the work and usually can be avoided by changing the position of the lamp or of the offending surface so that the glare will be directed away from the eyes rather than into them.
Light should be well diffused and distributed over the room, so there are no extremely dark places while the work area is brightly lighted. Proper distribution of light is almost as important as having enough light. Locate the lights so there will be no harmful shadows on the work. Right-handed people should have the light come from the left, while left-handed people should have light come from the right side when writing, reading, or sewing.
Lamps that bear the I. E. S tag mean that those lamps have met the specifications for good lighting set up by the Illuminating Engineering society.

25 cts.
Work Socks
<

•A -
S
rAx
></
%
/
\
Renfrew Dry Cleaners call here every Wednesday
and Saturday
A

W/j
v
r>v

i
m
<,
. . !
saddle
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
1
GUTTAPERCHA
TIRES
I
I
f
Growth of C. A. S. F.
On September ($ last, before Canada entered the war, 22,878 troop* of all ranks had been re-
the personnel of other branches of the servi-e. Navy and Air Force, the number of Canadians •five aerx ice is well over , the
The decision to Third Army Division will
Bicycle Agency
}
i *
House and lots For Sale
a daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Hamilton, lu 1910 she moved West and has lived at McCord ever since.
Left to mourn are four brothers, John A. and George E., of McCoid; Nelson, of Limerick, Sask., and Roy, of Elms worth, Alberta Another brother, Lawrence, predeceased her some years ago.
St. Paul’s Junior Guild Presents Plays at Radford
1
Eight Room House with electiic lights and water ; summer kitchen and large woodshed, 3 stall stah'e and hen house. 3 Town Lots, No. 1.14, 1 15 and I 10. in the Village of Campbell's B y
Apply to
MRS ED GIBSON,
Campbell’s Bay, Que.
rv string tennis racquets, general repair work, at reasonable prices.
New Bicycles from $32.50 to $38.75. HERB SPERBERG,
c
The young ladies of St. Paul’s Junior Guild presented two plays in HolyfTrinity Parish Hall, Rad ford, on Thursday evening of last week. The first play was a one-act play, entitled, “The Little Bluffer”. Those in the cast were Misses Lorna Wilson, Idena K. Brownlee, Muriel Strutt and Messrs. Louis Judd and Alton Stark.
The second play was a three act comedy drama, entitled, “No Men Admitted”. Those taking part were, Misses Irene Shaw, Melba Hodgins, Idena Brownlee. Muriel Strutt, Minerva Corrigan, Idena K. Brownlee, Amy Corrigan, Sophia Hodgins, Jean Smith and Mrs. Leslie Dale. fÊKKÊÊBÊÈÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊ^fM
An orchestra consisting ot Miss Vic Swartz and Messrs. Lindsay Judd, Bert Swartz, Raymond Lynch, Kenneth Smyth and Ted Reid supplied music during the evening.	.	...
The evenings .entertainment will be repeated on Thursday evening of this week in the Shawville Theatre.
>
<
Oil
100,000 mark, raise a
boost this total by many more t housa nds


King Street, Shawville, Que,
<
I
Miss Mary I. ORielly
Following a short illness, the death occurred on Tuesday. May 21st, of «Mi** Mary Isabel ORielly in her 80rh year.
Miss ORielly lived the greater part of her life at Quyon and was the lasted’a well known Pontiac family. She died in an Ottawa hospital.
The funeral was held riiday
morning from her cousin, Mr. L-"* O'Rielly7, to St. Mary’s Cimn-h, Quyon, for requiem mass. I itetuient was in Onslow cemetery.
A number of nephews and nieces survive. A sister, Mrs. I. A Cad-ieux, predeceased her two months
ago.	*
*

the residence of
;
i
4
fm
Generosity For Troops
When the news got out that a certain unit of the C.A.S.F. in t he Ottawa Area was in need of a piano for recreational purposes, the response was quick ; five citizens immediately offered their pianos to the troops for the duration.
I
Fanerai of Misa H. Hamilton
The funeral was held on \\ ed-nesdny afternoon, May 22nd, from the funeral home of Geo. Hynes <v Soil, Shawville. to Wesley United Church and cemetery, at Charter», of Miss Henrietta (Etta) Hamilton,
who died at McCord, Sash., on r C.A.F. Gets Yacht
Thursday, May Kith.	As a contribution to Canada's
The remains arrived in Shaw- ,var effort, J. Harold Crang, provide by Tuesday evening s train mjllent Toronto broker, lias placed
ssiar sscr«'?.s.	pm u« -f w™a.w.
by «W»	!• traced to Egyptian,
old friends of the Hamilton family, rtn(i design are specially suited. Egyptians were the first people to was conducted by the Rev. H O Hon (j d Howe, Minister of make use of windows. At that time Steers, of Y arm. The pall bearers Munitions and Supply, accepted they consisted merejy of narrow slits were, Messrs. Samuel Hamilton. tjie offer on behalf of the Govern- between slabs of stone and were fer James McCord. Alex R. Hodgins. JuelTt	the sole purpose of admitting light.
Geo. Brown, W. J. Tubman and __- it was many centuries before win-
R»*±I"K. from ,, di.t„u„ — CARD OUTRANKS	J2S
rnmmmmmi
merely small doors which swung in and out on hinges. It was to an unknown Dutch inventor that the honor came of being the first to construct a window sash. This was about the middle of the Seventeenth century.
Meanwhile, various materials other than glass, which originally was very expensive, were used. Waxed paper and isinglass were pressed into service. The window of today represents evolutionary processes that* have run for 3,000 years and possibly more.


mbi
as
&


%
Mir
- ...v

3#
z

I



*
m
4

YA
%

;• v
r


f

!


y/.
!

1

R


/

/
»
Illustrated—Chevrolet Special De Luxe Sport Sedan.
k
’

f

FOREIGN EXCHANGE ACQUISITION ORDER
is the LONGEST of ALL Lowest-Priced Cars
Want truly luxurious motoring at the very lowest cost? Then eye, try and buy the new Chevrolet I Here's size and style beyond your expectations at such low prices of all lowest-priced cars, measuring 181 inches from front of grille to rear of body—a car that combines Body by Fisher and new “Royal Clipper" Styling to set the fashion for *401 You'll be proud to own this big beauty •.. and your satisfaction will be doubled by the savings on gas, oil and upkeep that traditionally go with Chevrolet ownership. Come in • . . eye it, try it and buy it — today!
THE *"RIDE ROYAL"-Chevrolet's Perfected Knee-Action Riding System .. . IMPROVED VACUUM POWER SHIFT . . . NEW "ROYAL CLIPPER" STYLING ... NEW BODIES BY FISHER...SUPER-SILENT VALVE-IN-HEAD ENGINE . . . PERFECTED HYDRAULIC BRAKES . . . LARGER TIPTOE-MATIC CLUTCH . . . NEW SEALED BEAM HEADLIGHTS WITH
SEPARATE PARKING LIGHTS.
•On Speciol De Luxe Models.
SPECIAL NOTICE
in the longest
Subject to certain exemptions, the Foreign Exchange Acquisition Order requires every resident of Canada who had any foreign currency or foreign currency deposit in his possession, ownership or control on May 1st, 1940, regardless of amount, to sell the same to an Authorized Dealer (chartered bank) on or before May 31st, 1940.
Unless an extension has been granted by the Board, any resident who has not complied with the terms of the Order on or before May 31st, 1940, will be in default and subject to the penalties
provided in the Order.
The Order does not require the sale of foreign
securities.
Further information and particulars may be obtained from any branch of a chartered bank.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE CONTROL BOARD
• • •
Solving Weather Mysteries
Commander Francis Wilton Rei-chelderfer, chief of the United States weather bureau, visualizes an expanded service which will take more of the mystery out of the weather s antics. He doubts that many people know just how brave a man the forecaster is when he steps up to a surface weather map and makes a forecast for tomorrow. “The weather forecaster’s diagnosis must be based to a large extent upon the surface weather map," he went on, and this map gives comparatively meager information on the atmospheric conditions at higher altitudes where most of our weather is produced. Lacking a fixed network of airways stations over the oceans, we must rely upon weather observations from surface vessels for the ocean weather ... but improvement of the service will require an increase in the number of reporting ships and in the frequency of reports by radio from two to four daily," he declared.
Eye It-T/iy It Buy It !
CHEVROLET
I <
C-4I8B
JOHN L. HODGINS
«
Quebec
Shawville
t
