###PAGE###1###
r
Mar 15/41
Clarence T. Brownlee
R« 2, Shawville
No. 50, 57th Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, JUNE 6 , 1940
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the Un lit c States
I
f You will Assist Hed Crons War Work by attending the Entertainment and Hox Social in Hriwtol Town Hall on Thursday evening, June 13th.
GOWLING
BUSINESS
PERSONAL MENTION
BORN

Shawville
Mi
Kobt. Strutt, of Brecken- | Oampbhll—At Pontiac Commun
it.y Hospital, Shawville, on Friday, May 31st. UNO, to Mr
mid Mrs. .lames W. Campbell, ,n	_	,	_e .
(nee Muriel P'eiris) of Wyman, | borner Bank and Somerset Streets
Que., a son
Hardware
tidge, is visiting relu fives and friends in town this week.
COLLEGE
Mrs. Stinson, hairdresser, of
Miss Gwen Williams, of Card Renfrew, will be at the home of i inal, Ont., was a week end guest Mrs. James Allen, Centre Street, |of her sister, Mrs. Asa Smart, on Tuesday, June 11th. Write or call personally for appointments.
Special prives on all permanents.
FISHING TACKLE
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larjfer and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year
Miss Helen Acres, of Ottawa, «pent the past week end with re lativoH and friends in this district
All Parts of Canada to be Represented in Third Division
See Our Stock Of

According to lion. Mr. Rogers,
Minister of Defence, selection® of the units for every arm of the ser „ „ . ,	. Mrs. H. Millar and daughter, vice in the division is being made
The afternoon of Friday, June Mrs. Fred Arthurs, of Ottawa, after carefully weighing the var 7th, next, has been selected by the were guests of their daughter {and ions factors involved. As in the Ladle*’ Auxiliary of the Pontiac sister, Mrs J. P. Wilson, for the case with the first and. second
Community Hospital as a half day week end.	divisions and ancillary troops | JAMES A. MILLAR
in which to show the hospital to Mrs. J E. Williamson, of Ed- which have been previously motile public. people are invited roo|)t0„, Alta., is visiting at the bilized, every endeavor has been from everywhere to visit the home other uncle, Mr.; David T. made to ensure that all parts of hospital and see for themselves I Hodgins, and other relatives in Canada are represented in accord-what it is like, lea will be served, town and vicinity.	lance with population, and bearing
«was*. %%	Si RSc
I.
Ho and U cents.	Mias Dorothy Jmison, who has per cent, have had previous over- L.	A XTFfc n	a rp
El inside Women's institute will	been under medical treatment at	seas service, the same considéra- ; £1 AxlLiAU U U. KUWA1
meet at the home of Mrs. Paul	Montreal since last October re-	tion will be given to officers with
Chabot on Wednesday afternoon,	turned to her home on Sunday,	former service in the Canadian ex-
June 12, at two o'clock. Program	and is, we are pleased to report,	peditiormry force when selections
will be in charge of convener of much restored in health.	are being made for the third div- i SHAWVILLE, QUE.
surplus will be included in the .I.-'-	__^_______’ *¦-
High Grade Fishing Tackle
w. E. COWLING,
President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
Hooks, Lines, Rods, Reels,
Metal Lines, Fly Hooks, Bate Boxes, Artificial Bates, Fly Repellants, Landing Nets, Baskets, etc.
B. A. L L L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’» Hotel, Campbell’» Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac Houee, Shawville, every Wedneeday afternoon
National Cement Always in Stock
GET OUR PRICES
j
NOTARY PUBLIC
G rad u Ate of McGill University
>
Est. C. J. Caldwell
i
Limier Luke, Out, and Mrs. Alex.
Olmsted and little daughters, of	^ ^
I Mr'mVVillKrd'8«ndkMrs Olm^d^ I 1 “«rents. Mr. and Mrs. Austin Me
Slia iv ville Women’s
will meet at the home of Mrs. I iU,’H >v maro s anu airs wimsieu s (Owing to adjustments arising from jjawnon Corrigan, on Monday	Mr. and Mrs. Austin Me- decision to form the third div-
evening, June 10th, at 7.30 o'clock. Ooweii.	Lion immediately, it will be neces-
Program-Talk on Child Welfaie Mr Maillon Haye®, who recently sary to postpone the training in and Public Health by Mrs Rue ben completed a two year course in camp of units not mobilized in the Smith, R. N. Roll call—An emer- embalming at Toronto, arrived third division until later in the gtmey and how to meet it The borne last week. He will now be I summer, assisting hostess will be Mrs. U. connected with the undertaking
*!•	business of his father, Mr. W. J
___________ - Hayes.
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc,
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
V
Men’s Summer Trousers
DONAT Le GUERRIER
A. McDougall
Mrs. Manson McDowell Bereaved
BA. L.L.B
Lightweight Summer Sport Trousers made from new Bantam weight cloths, the new blue shades, etc. Just the thing for warm days.
Blues, Fawns & Greys.
Mips Kathleen Woodley and Mrts.
John Sal way motored to Cobalt on. ,	. ,	„ ,,	.	.
Saturday with Mr. Ja< k Boles, of the sad intelligence on Friday last
Ottawa, to attend the funeral on of the death of her only brother, Sunday of Mr. I. W Greenleese, Mickey McKay, at Nelson, H. L.,
the result of an automobile
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Mrs Manson McDowell recieved
Junior Red Cross Clinics Completed
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with ^correspondence


Five hundred and eleven mu* husband* of Lila Wain man. for- as dents in twenty four schools of merly of Shawville Mr. Green- accident the Pontiac, Hull and Gatineau leese had been ill for more than a regions were examined and pre- year.	,ft
scribed for by Dr. J. V . V. Nicholls,	-----?------
eve specialist of the Royal Victoria junior Guild Presents Plays Hospital, Montreal, during a trip| j0 shawville Theatre which has just been completed,
Bristol. Wakefield, Dan ford
Mr. McKay, 45 years of age, was retired professional hockey player, and was considered one of the greats of the game. He played with such great teams as Vancouver Millionaires, Chicago Black —,	0.	„ ,	, r,	Hawks and Boston Bruins.
trip was under the sponsorship of hn the Shawville theatre on Thurs-the Junior Red Cross in the 1 ro* day evening last, vince of Quebec, which received “The Little Bluffer" a one act cooperation from the Quebec play required five characters for Government Departments or ,ts presentation, while “No Men
Health and Education, Municipal admitted" a short three act Samuel Sinclair, a well known Councils, School Boards, Women's comedy required a ca-te of ten. and life-long resident of this com Institutes and local branches of Both plays were of a humorous nmnity died at his home. King Red Cioss. Clinic work was done	nature and	all the players	very	Stfeet, Shawville. on	Wednesday
at a town hall in one place, at	»uvces=iilly	presented their	par-	morning, May 20th,	in his	88th
schools in others ; on one occasion	ticular part	in the role.	year.
a school basement was used, and a local orchestra provided musi- Mr. Sinclair had been in very as a dark room, Dr. Nicholls utiliz Cft| selections between the acts. enfeebled health for the past three ed the cool bin. “Best dark room	___ _	_	years and was seldom	a w a y	from
oftlie whole trip," wna hia com-	ShawvUle A Y.P A. Hold	hi; home.
ment.	.	, Closine Meeting for	He was born in the township of
Mrs. Ruth Shaw, Supervisor of oummer Months	Clarendon.-a son of the 11te Mr.
Junior lied Cross in Quebec, who	____ and Mis. John Primrose Sinclair,
attended the clinics, explains that ^be Shawville branch of the 11 rid worked his farm in the Rad*
.i 7T" A.Y P.A. held their closing meet- iovi) 8e(;ti,m\ He retired from ™nt ihet ingr for the summer months on «ctive farming about twenty was genera MoiuIav evening	* years ago and took up residence
• i * j Some hoys and The young people had for their in Shaw ville, gui- need adenoid and ton-il open	tlie K idfoid \ Y p x	Mr Sinclair was for years active
tions ; some must have changes in	\ s,., Vif.p u-im hpM in si Pmiv- in chinch and community life. He
glasses, others require them. One vimrcii, where the recto, delivered 'ys long a member of Radford little girl was found to need an n sllort a(|(lress lu the young MvtliodistChurch and supennten
eyelid operation; several others	u% Tho-e assisting in the M'-nt oi the Sunday School
need correction in alignment ; and ,ervjt.e were Mi-s Gxvvnnetli WMS nmrned in 18M to Mi-s Angela one bad case of dub IVet whs un- Shaw, organist. Alton Stark, Herb Di Ha bough
covered lhesu children will all be Sickens, Arthur Smith, John	who ;nrvive-, with six son<
looked alter in hosnitals in Mont- }j,.onr,|, and Ted Reid	George, ot K>setu%vn, Sask.; Dtvid,
ri'Ml qtuwa and Shawville.	Following the «ervirâ the \o.ing	sSH,..,,el. ChieHgo III.;
1 heir plight will be explained o |e ,„.,.„ihled in the theatre t «• *'«*>-. .Wand * : Ihl laial. blvv.v. the tine bee Government "I Health, ;vh|!„ „ ,ovi!ll g„thering was held. vllle ; *• «''• 1‘11	:,m.
it the governiiient eaniiot bearthe ||nder the |e.,ue,slii|) of ArthurJ two daughter-. Mr¦*. J. Patton, ot <;P»t ot treatment. Junior Red Smyth. Udreslimeut- were served	b«-k , an. Mis-: Haz d, at
Croesi will ,	under the tainveuer-hip of Misses '?«?• Iwo brothers, Matthew,
riio Hying clinic, Mrs Shaw em_ Mp|b|l Hodgins, Lunin Wilson, M bimw vdle, and James, ot Otc S n ièwo'r k :ta r t ed la ÜtTt obè r n	C“,dwelL	fmieial wits held on Friday
the Shawville area, when 521 short addi etses were given by hltcnmon from the late home to children were seen and their eyes, lhe plvsi(p,hti Mr. Herb. Wickens, bhawville \\ esleynn Methodist ears, uo-es and throat- examined Migs Mftry Brown!ce and the K,,lUV le, wll^'H ^i vice was con Behind tins programme is the ,.ectore	ducted by the pastor. Rhv. Jacob
determination to push preventive	*________________ • Weaver, who was assisted by Rev.
medicine, and to stimulate local	Robe Boston, Pa-tor of Shawville
and community interest in pre- Jiew f\0(l CfOSS Nursing ClSSS	Holiness Movement Church. Dur-
ventive work. During the trip, T D ^	^ u	ling the service Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Agg BrOHSOn Ave., Cor. Cladstono,
the value of preventive action was	10 00	rOriDBO	I|0r0	Wilson, of Ottawa, sang,	“The
illustrated when one boy, who	-	——	Last Mile of the Way.
last autumn was found to be An emergency Red Cross Nurs*| Interment was made in the suffering from grave eye defects ing Class is being formed lor girls Village Cemetery, Hie pall bearers
and was furnished with glasses, between the ages of 14 and 20 being, Messrs. James Whelen, „ llu, ,	.u u. .n.. m 0	D	,	,	,
presented himself for re examina	years.	These	lectures start	the	Lome Armstrong. Will redjlowes,	Specialists on all V.sual and Muscular Eye Defect ^ Snappy Summer CBpS for men and boys made
lion. He was 1(K> per cent cured,	evening of July 2nd and	will	be I Clifford Horner, Harry and	Win.	T ?	n__ii;0	kathloon	M RnllinQ
Junior Red Cross is not confining	given	in the	basement	oi	the	G. Goirigan	LI,	DeatilO,	aaimeen	m. nomns
Shawville l tilted Church.	Floral tributes were received Reg. Optometrist Reg. Optometrist _
It is to be hoped that there will f,om the following :	_____________
This is a , pillow and cut Mowers, the Family ; !	_	—	—	•
Sprays, Mr. Matthew Sinclair ; \D. and viOrUOli 1 » p Sill M is. Wilfred Howes ; Sal way Family ; |	i ii a il n l lift r
Staff Hydro Electric Power Co., Chat	I f| § U K A NU L
Falls ; Start Noranda Machine Shop ; |	O	__
Cut flower», the Cowao family.	REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Among those attending the funeral from a distance were :	StfOnff
M is. J. K Bromley, M rs. Alex. Brom - |
ley, Mrs. F. H. McMullen, Mrs Samuel	fcXper ICnCCO
Browtilee, Mr. Albert Brownlee, Mr. and Dependable Through Mrs. Lddie Wilson, all of Ottawa ;	1	.	°
Mr. Carney Sinclair, Noranda ; Mr.	Generations
Cecil Sinclair, Fitzroy Harbour Hannah Campbell, Cawood, and Mrs Thomas Edmunds, Haley’s Station.
r

R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-2219
HULL. Q.UBBBC
At Proudfoot’s Hot'el, Oampbell’sEay every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m.
4
*
< ^ MAIN STBEET
*

$2.50 and $3.50

Mr Samuel Sinclair Passes in His 88th Year
Per Pair
D. J. CAMBPELL
Odd Pants
Veterinary Surgeon shawville
We have just received a shipment of odd pants in regular high grade suiting cloths. Come in and see if we can match up that odd coat of yours with a real good pair of pants
per pair
Phone 8 I
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE PLATEAU 63 8 8
$5.00
at
enr, no-e, throat and eve inations were made, and doctors verdict health i- good."
D%. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.

Men’s and Boys Windbreakers -
>
2#
He
f Haley

Statiot
J

»
\ Lightweight Sport Jackets made in suede and wool, colour combinations to suit everyone.
j Just the right thing for
sport wear, etc.
yjj
3 EL Al R 3 257
N


\
H. K. HEILSON, M.D.
y

Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
180 METCALFE STREET
OTTAWA, -
phone, 2-7961
/

n
!
ONT

$1.95 to $3.00
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
0

OTTAWA. ONTARIO
Summer Work Caps

SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
in yacht cap styles in all the good summer
shades. White, Salor Blue, Khaki, Brown, etc.
»
its health work to north western Quebec
iiom all over the province have been hospitalized this year for ailments and detects of all kinds. The latest arrival in Montreal is a boy from Cap aux O-, at the extremity of The Gaspe peninsula. He is crippled and requires an operation. A retired teacher, a director of Junior Red Cross brought the lad to Montreal, the trip being financed by Junior Red Cross. He is now in the Shriners’ Hospital for the operation, which will be undertaken at the expense of that institution as a contribution toward better child health in Quebec.
A number of children
be a large enrollment patriotic endeavour to help the country in the hour of need.
All persons wishing to join the class please communicate as early as possible with
Mrs. Earl McDowell,
25 and 35 cents
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d
Member R C.A.M.C
Hospital Report
The Matron of the Pontiac Community Hospital, Shawville, reports	hospital days for the
month of May, with three births and no deaths.
Shawville
Quebec

Mrs
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
###PAGE###2###
A bouquet of flowers, tossed
from ft high-flying aeroplane during a patriotic celebration, »t lut Paz, Bolivia, struck and killed an. eleven year-old schoolgirl.
Mr. King at die Opening of die 19th Parliament
This method is a practical one which has been adopted by many farmers throughout the Province with excellent results.
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
Maybe This Man Watn’t So Crazy




The ears of a Vancouver butcher’s clerk still get red when he thinks of how It happened.
“The fellow walked in,” related the clerk, “and asked for a pound of meat. I wrapped It up for him and put it on the counter. He picked up the parcel and said: ‘1 never pay for anything. Pm crazy/ Then he just walked out!”





I This Curious World
By William Ferguson
,	LESSON IX
, TESTING CONDUCT BY ITS
USEFULNESS
ÏÀ Principle of Temperate Living) Ezekiel 15:1-6; Matthew 5:1316;
7:16-20; I Corinthians 10:6-7 Qolden Text: “By their fruits ye shall know them.” Matt. 7:16.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time — The fitfeenth chapter of Ezekiel was probably written in 691 B.C.: the Sermon on the Mount was delivered in the summer of •AD. 28: the First Epistle of Paul to the Corinthians was written About A D. 56.
’ i Place — Ezekiel lived in captivity in Tel-abib on the canal Chebar;
; the Sermon on the Mount was delivered not far from the city of Capernaum, near the Sea of Gatl-j iee; the First Epistle of Paul to the Corinthians was written by him from the city of Ephesus.	I
• Our universities and schools make It their object to impart knowledge and create a love for knowledge, but the Lord Jesus taught in order I that he might create fine lives — I noble, strong and godly characters. I THE BURNED VINE Ezek. 15:1. And the word of Je I hovah came unto me, saying. 2. Son of man, what is the vine-tree more than any tree, the vine-branch that I» among the trees of the forest? 3. Shall wood be taken thereof to I make any work? or will men take a pin of It to hang any vessel thereon? 4. Behold, it is cast into the fire for fuel; the fire hath devoured both the ends of it, and the midst of it is burned, shall it yet be meet for any work? 6. Therefore thus saith the Lord Jehovah: As ( the vine-tree among the trees of the forest, which I have given to the fire for fuel, so will I give the Inhabitants of Jerusalem. Chapter fifteen develops the theme that the presence of truly righteous men among & sinful and rebellious people will never suffice for the I. sating of these wicked, unrighteous citizens of the same vicinity. I It was commonly considered among the Israelites that though other nations might perish, Israel was the Lord's own heritage, a vine in- I deed which he himself had plant- I ed. and which he would watch over and care for, securing for It protection and permanence In spite of anything that the people of Israel might do. Under such a delusion the Israelites refused to beHeve the warnings which the prophet continually announced. In this chapter the prophet Ezekiel takes up this very idea of Israel as the vineyard of the Lord, and from parallels in I nature powerfully supports bis pres of imminent calions round about Israel are set forth symbolically here by the phrase, “the trees of the forest”, while Israel is the vine).

w
m
^ DINOSAURS, ,
ONCE RULERS OF THE EARTH. HAD SOME CHARACTERISTICS
COMMON! TO BIRDS, LIZARDS AND ALLIGATORS, BUT
_____ THEY HAVE KIO NEAR
BLOOD RELATIVES LIVING
•v TODAY.
m
I


directors in the world, was born of poor Polish parentage in London, England. So the colourful conductor is really an Englishman.
-x>x"V
V5


i
»
Everyone has a favourite song, maybe an aria from an opera or an old classic, that they like to hey done well. Just such a program is offered by CKOC in “Music You Know,” heard on Sunday afternoon at 4.45.
“Music You Know” presents world famous singers including Lawrence Tibbett, Jeanette McDonald, John Charles Thomas and Richard Crooks, in familiar songs of the concert stage and theatre.
à


a
v

%
>
*

jf
N.
m

il


o

The CBC will present an interesting type of program on May 31st at Eight in the evening —when “Canada Calls” is put on the air. This program will bring to Canadian and American listeners many of the attractions of-fercd by Ontario, Quebec and the Maritimes to Holiday-Makers.
—o—-
“The “Show Boat” over WJZ Blue network from Chicago on Friday nights at Nine, is a honey of a program. Virginia Verill, Dick Todd, Marlin Hurt, Hugh Studebaker, the Show Boat band and Bob Strong’s orchestra make this shown an outstanding radio feature.
IS FOUND IN NATURE IN MORE THAN
zoo, ooo
COM flWAr/OA/E
Prime Minister King arrives at the parliament buildings in Ottawa for the opening session of Canada’s lîlth parliament. The Speech from the Throne was read by Sir Lyman Duff, acting governor-general.
til/

y



RADIO REPORTER
MOST
P
GIRDLING DAMAGE ATTRIBUTED TO
RABB/TS, IS DONE BV A4/CB.
By DAVE ROBBINS
c*
“SHOW MUST CO ON"
The work of preparing special radio programs is never taken into consideration by the listeners as they sit beside their dios and enjoy a smoothly presented feature note that will give you some idea of the work done in advance. In June T. O. Wickland. head of the special events department of CBC, will travel west to the rim
of the Columbia icefields Athabasca territory, and then don skiis and climb 6800 feet to the chalet atop the Athabasca glacier. For from that point a special broadcast will be given on July t, when the Banff-Jasper highway is opened. Engineer Roy Cahoon, of the CBC station at Watrous, will accompany Mr. Wickland on this strenuous jaunt purpose of testing the possibility of sending from that point — and to see how much of the wave the minerals in the mountain sides absorb.
Now “Wikky” as he is known in the radio business, is no tiny chap
of some 250 pounds jaunt to the top of the glacier, over a mile in the air, will Ue quite a task. But then Wikky always lived by the rule the show must go on.
in
QUIT IV M4 SCev'CC. INO.


7 II
ALTHOUGH the dinosaurs varied greatly in many respects, they shared certain anatomical characteristics which place them all together in one great order In size, they varied from the size of a rabbit to almost 100 feet in length Some were carnivorous, others vegetarians; some had hundreds of teeth, while others we't toothless. Some walked on all fours, while others were upright.
ra-
but here’s a little
program Spotlight—Monday— With the treops in England via CBC at 8 . . . Radio theatre from Hollywood on Columbia at 9 . . Make mine music at CKOC 11.30 . . . Tommy Dorsey’s band on NBC-red at midnight . . . Tues-Canadian Snapshots from CBL at ten p.m, Wednesday Easy Aces, NBC-blue at 7 . . . Serenade for strings from CBL at 9.30 . . . Friday
NEXT: What prevents certain leaves In tropical forests from becoming water-logged?
for the
and works inevitably be.
LEARNING FROM THE PAST
1 Cor. 10:6. Now these things were our examples, to the intent we should not lust after evil things, as they also lusted. “These things'' refers to the paragraph which begins this tenth chapter of Paul’s great letter to the church at Corinth. The Israelites and the facts of their history stand as warnings to us. 7. Neither be ye idolaters, as were some of them; as it is written, the people s t down to eat and drink, and rose up to play. As the Israelites perished for their sin, their excuses notwithstanding, so those who are in fact idolaters, whether they so regard themselves or not, must expect a like fate.
LEGENDARY VILLAIN
day
but a portly gentleman
and that
HORIZONTAL
l Villainous hero of a famous open
6 He was a legendary
9 Opposed to highest.
10 Kara.
Superman, for the kids, mutual chain at 6.45 . . . Ames and Andy from Columbia at 7 . . . Don Ameche show via NBC-red network at ten ...
11 Any wrongful
act.
12	On the les
13	Snout.
20 He made
love to
22	Polynesian chestnut.
23	Eager ne#
25 Chose by
ballot.
28	Being.
29	To make lacs.
33	Pertaining to the side.
34	Green
or
7
impostor.
14	Wild buffalo
15	Uncle.
18 Convex
molding.
17	To quote.
18	To steal.
19	Merchandise
20	Pasteboard picture frame
21	Gymnastic apparatus.
24	Golf term.
25	Meat.
26	Thing.
27	Reply.
30	Preposition of place.
31	Small fly.
32	Mound in dye.
34	Plural
( abbr.L
35	Star-shaped flower.
37 Wine vessel.
AROUND THE DIAL
-Jessica Dragonebte will be the guest star on the Ford hour during the summer Sabbath evenings.
Farm Notes . .
ceding prediction amity. (The nal
Leopold Stanislaus Stokowski, one of the foremost symphony
Use Weeder, Harrow To Destroy Weeds
4o UominVvung 53 Blockhead-ruler.
43 Aurora.
46	Accurate.
47	High mountain.
50 Vestige.
52	Act of migrating.
53	He sold his soul to the
TODAY S APPLICATION While thl* message Is distinctly to Israel, surely it has a vital lesson for that particular class of people, which, because they are members of some Christian church, think that they are so under the special favor of God that they can continue In sin, and do as they please. God does not judge men by • religious affiliation, but by true life and character, and the vital relationship of a man to the Lord Jesus Christ.
59	Boat term.
60	Bewitching woman.
At Funeral of Canadian Army's Adjutant-General
film# on bronzes.’ 36 Matures.
38	Blur.
39	Creed*.
41	Credit.
42	Bone.
41 Shaft part.
45 Boat part.
47	To assert.
48	Italian coin».
49	Project.
51 Folding bed 54 Roof finial.
Moisture conserved and many annual weeds killed in seedling stage, states John D. MacLeod, Ont. Dept, of Agriculture.
The destruction of annual weeds,in the seedling stage by the use of the weeder or harrow has much to commend it, says John D. MacLeod, Crops, Seeds and Weeds Branch, Ont. Dept, of Agriculture. A weeder is preferred but the lever hairow or diamond toothed harrow may be used with care.

•mà

Mm
m
VERTICAL
1	Fourth note in scale.
2	Altar chest.
3	One
4	Coterie.
5	To seesaw.
6	Sea skeleton
7	Barret ring.
8	Yellow re<m.

A
m
<£*•
m

53 King of beasts
56	Room recess
57	Gounod wrote the


n

4
FUNCTION OF TRUK CHRISTIANS
Matt. 5:13. Ye are the salt of the earth; but if the salt have lost Its savor, wherewith shall 1t be salted? it’s thenceforth good for nothing, but to be cast out, trodden under foot of men. All that Is best and most hopeful in mere worldly civilization has In It the canker of moral evil. The counteractive of this is the Introduction of an element Into society which will hold In check the forces that make for unrighteousness, and be itself an elevating and purifying Influence. Such an element Christians were to be in the world. 14. Ye are the light of the world. A city set on a hill cannot be hid. Christians are the light by means of which the world, the mass of mankind, may see the things of religion, may see the truth about God and his service. 15: Neither do men light a lamp, and put It under the bushel, but on the stand; and It shineth unto all that ar In the house, (“bushel” — a basket containing about a peck). 16. Even so let your light shine before men; that they may see your good works, and glorify your * ‘her wl » Is In heaven. Our Lord urged no theoretical display #nr self-advertisement, but a frank, courageous Christian life lived In the open.
¦



i
2
3
7
When spring grain crops and fall wheat which have not been seeded down are up 2 to 4 inches the weeder may be used, preferably with the rows, in the afternoon when plants are not brittle. This stirring of the surface soil breaks the crust, forms a mulch, thereby conserving monture and destroys many annual weeds in the seedling stage. This method should never be employed immediately following a rain.
A Practical Method The weed population in hoed crops such as corn and potatoes may be reduced to a minimum by the use of the weeder or harrow soon after planting and continued until the crop is 3 to 4 inches high. The weeder may even be used on sugar beets, mangels and turnips just after they are up ir the drills and will prove very helpful in controlling weeds without injuring the crcp.
4
10
II
I
I
é
H
*5

?
r
7
lô

tMÜ
S3
0
22
?«

M
<-1
L V

25
26
"
WF
r
28
in
29
30
t
G


?!
2 33
S

I
35
36
37
39

C
41
M*
,

3
fl
¦1
V’
147 48
49
& x."-
1
M
54
62



i /
55
6
Soldiers, civilians and statesmen took part in the funeral procession of Major-General H. H. Mathews, adjutant-general of the Canadian army who died in Ottawa. The funeral procession is shown here leaving All Saints church, Ottawa.
J

POP—Pop Takes Down His Art Critic
By J. MILLAR WATT
IF
tr
3
i supposé twis is
ONE OP THOSE HORRIBLE
ATROCITIES -
-YOU CALL MODERN
no: ,
TUATS A MIRROR 1
*. «
/

Ve
%
Kl
>
ft
'p
o>
t
Fill? IT AGIS IN HUMAN CHARACTER
16. By their fruits ye shall know them Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles? 17. Even •o every good tree bringeth forth good fruit; but the corrupt tree b-tngeth forth evil fruit. 18. A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, ¦either ran a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit. 19. Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.
29 Therefore by their fruits ye shall know th»m. What a man Is la Ms h*arf. that will Me words j
I
15 A
!
X

l
t
w \

y
y
<
II

m
/
i
h

\
• *
f
lV

*

a
«
5!
H»
r
Vy>

r
A2 9	* r
/f,
i
I
Z T—
/
ffl

$5
C4

I
••I» ri •
».


/
###PAGE###3###
Holland’s Royal Children in London Sanctuary

*
What Science j
Is Doing \



THIS FRAGRANT SLOW-BURNING z?
DIXIE yÿcw&s


k

<

\
mà


‘I : •

i

%

*
*


#'# 4 4 # 4. 4 4

w
459 BELOW ZERO
When scientists write about low-temperature research they arc thinking of temperature about 450 dgrees below zero Fahrenheit, says the “Scientific American.” The rock bottom of the thermometer, is only 459 degrees below the familiar Fahrenheit zero. Nothing has ever been taken (juite to this bottom temperature, although scientists have come within a small fraction of 1 degree of it.

you j

¦





\

ê


/



*
%
- -






PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO
*
EPILEPSY HEREDITARY
Definite proof that epilepsy is inherited has been obtained through the use of the e]ectro-f ncephalograph, or brain wave machine. Persons suffering iron: epilepsy have a « harteristic slow brain wave of large amplitude w.th a peculiar egg-and-dart outline.



«G
A. Cut off an inch or their stems each	day. Give	them	fresh water
daily.	Strip off	any	leaves	that
come	below the surface of	the
water. Do not use too small a vase that cramps the sterne. Often, an aspirin tablet placed in the water will prolong the life of the flowers.
Q. Does it make any difference in which directions the rows of the vegetable garden are run?
the	rows	should	run
north and south, instead of east and west. This will give them the full benefit of the sun’s rays.
Q. How can I prevent a bruise from turning black?
A. Cover the bruised skin as soon as possible with a thick paste of starch and water. It is claimed that this will prevent the bruise from discoloring.
Q. How can I loo*en grease and burned scraps from the frying pan?
A. Fill the pan with cold water, add a pinch of baking soda, and allow to come to a boil.
thus have a foundation upon which to devise attacks again the disease.
s*r
m


? <»*>
K*
:
now Cam I? ;
» . When the royal family of Holland settled in London, the daily routine of the two children of Crown rnoceas Juliana, neireea to the throne, was resumed. Here is a picture sent to New York by radio from • WOUgh a. London street. The carriage contains nine-London, as Princess Juliana wheeled the royal earring month-old Princess Irene, strolling behind, in custody of a London Hobby, is Princess Beatrix, 2.
Tests on 138 parents and children revealed that among the I children of epilpetic parents 54 ! per cent were epleptic, while in a control group of unrelated I children only 0 per cent showed this rendition.
4
BY ANNE ASHLEY
A. Yes;
Q. How can Ï clean piano keys?
A. Three methods for cleaning piano keys are: (a) Moisten a clofh with lemon juice and dip in whiting. <o) A cloth moistened with vinegar, (c) A cloth moistened with alcohol.
Q. How can I cool an oven without leaving the oven door open?
A. The best method la to place a pan of cold water in the oven: this will lower the temperature of the oven gradually.
Q. How can T care for cut flowers properly?
Revenues Are Up Eighteen Per Cent
?
AVE
HEALTH
TOPICS
I
• n
— <i-
AID TO CANCER STUDY
Dr Henry J. Andrews, president of the Federation of Natural Sciences of Sou them California, believes that co-operation between geological and medical science ultimately may culminate in the elimination of cancer.
Basis for his prediction, Dr. Andrews says, is the recent application of the spectograph anil polarograph, metallurgical instruments used in rock analysis, in the study of cancer causes.
So powerful they can detect the least particle of mineral in the blood, the instruments now are being used for mineral analysis of the blood of well persons and persons afflicted with cancer.
By this process doctors may eventually determine what minerais are missing or deficient in the Mood of the cancer victim, and
YOU HEARD?
The gross revenues for the all-inclusive Canadian National Railways for the week ending May
(4,613,996 3,883,664
?
14, 1940, were .......
as compared with .....
for the corresponding week of 1935#, an increase of .............
4 » 4 4 4 4
A man was approached by an Inca canvasser and «eked If be Insured against fire.
*Ye#," said the other.
"Burglary?”
"Well, yes
"Are you Insured agsinet
DIET AND WORK
“Living below the standard of Jiving is not living at all. Living above this level is simple gluttony,” says Dr. I. Harris, honorary director of the Institute of Research for the Prevention of Disease, Liverpool, England.
A manual laborer, he says, might need more than double the food of an office worker. Four to five ounces of meat or cheese or three eggs, or 83 ounces of milk, or five to six ounces of fish a day
were sufficient, in conjunction with the other kinds of food usually taken. He could guarantee that diet as suitable for maximum fitness in a grown up person.
. 7,30,332 or 18.8%
»•
F
Modern
Etiquette
f'PEDLARIZE" for PERMANENCE!
Floods?” said the other, showing tutor set at last. "How do you start floods?”
t
When your biro or other building is roofed and siiled with Pedlar's Nu-Root or PEDLABJB — "Council Standard” Brand, your buildings are Pedlarized" against all the elements. "Council Standard” is the best value money can buy. Send dimensions for our free estimate.
“GOOD FOR A LIFETIME —
SOLD WITH A 13 YEAR GUARANTEE"
*
• •

Old Hen — “Do you want some good advice?”
Young Hen — "What is It?”
Old Hen —
ax sway.”
5
BY ROBERTA LEE
,h\’
'/}
Mkei
no more and no less
Q. Doe* being s chatterbox mean that one is a good conversationalist?
4.
"An egg a day heap*
PEDLARS—ROOFING
«

A. It does not. A chatterbox can be empty-headed and tiresome, while another person who talks but half as much can be so entertaining that those around him wish that he would talk more.
• Q. Is ft all right, when eating aoup, to break a few soda crackers or butter crackers into the soup? A. Ye*
Q. What are the formal visiting visiting days, In large cities?
A From Monday to Friday, Inclusive.
Q. When a guest is leaving a hotel for an hour or two. what should be done with the key to his room?
A. The key should be left at the main desk, then asked for when he returns. This is the only method by which the clerk knows whether or not he is in bis room.
Q. What colors are becoming to a girl with a very fair complexion?
A. Hose, coral and peach are becoming. regardless of whether the girl has light hair or very dark hair.
Q. Where should the soup or bouillon spoons be placed on the table? A. To the right of the teaspoons.
In the early hours of the morning the Duchess strode haughtily sa the pavement from the hotel where the charity dance bad beer Aik), and was getting into her car when a beggar accosted her.
“Spare a copper, lady, for rhar-Hy. I’m starving.”
The Duchess turned or him and ¦aid sharply.
“What ingratitude!” she excatlm-“Don’t you know I've been ____ng for you all night?”
THS PEDLAR PEOPLE LIMITED
Heed Office • Ottawa, Out.
)*oimc*l • Ottawa - Toronto • Winnipeg • Calgary - Vaocoutet
Established 1861
— — Q- —
SHORTEN LIFE’S SPAN The belief that highly emotional persons let their heart interfere with their head is an established medical fact, Dr. Federic Leavitt of the Philadelphia Co un* ty hospital declares.
"One American in seven has high blood pressure and one in four, over the age of 63, dies of it,” he says. “For years doctors believed high blood pressure was caused by emotional and nervous disturbances which caused the blood vessels to become tense, then to shrink and harden.”
...CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS...
I
1
»
AGENTS WANTED
IT WOULD TAKE A FULL PAGE IN this paper to print the letters telling about the livability of Tweddle 1940 chicks. There is no money in dead chicks. Tweddle chicks, live, grow and pay. and due to our enormous production we can sell for less. Double A A Quality White Leghorns, New Hampshlrea $9.70, Barred Rocks 110.20, Rhode Island Reds. White Rocks. White Wyandottes, Light Sussex. Jersey Black Giants Black Australcrps. Hybrids $10.65 Fret- catalogue. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus. Ont.
MAC H.. FARM IMPLEMENT*
LIGHTNING ROD AGENT WANTed to sell Phillips Lightning Pro-‘ tactive System. B. Phillips Coropery Limited. 32 Osborne Avenue, Toronto.

Bowman Electric Herder
FULL GUARANTEED, 6 VOLTS. Disk regulator, High-Low switch battery, Insulators, plete
Bowman Electric Herder, Petersburg, Ontario.
«>
Price com. $16.00. Dealers wanted.
“When were the .so-called
Dark Ages?”
•'During the days of the •mights.”
TOWN AND RURAL REPRESENT-srived wanted. Increase your earn-lugs by handling one of the finest lines of oils, greases, tires, batteries, spark plugs, insecticides, electric fence controllers, house paints and roof coating materials. Write Warco Grease & Oil Limited, Toronto.
MEDICAL
FOR EXCELLENT RESULUTS TRY either: "Asthma-Tone’’ for milder Asthma or: "Asthma-Lax" for severe Asthma. Convince yourself. Order 25c bottle from: Asthma-Tone Laboratories, 410 Barton E Hamilton. Ontario.
Two magie irate* wore. summoned ceeding the speed limit. And srfcon they arrived at court there were no other magistrates present, they decided to try each other.
, 1 went on the Bench and the feme proceeded.
"You are charged with exceeding the speed limit. Do you plead guilty or not guilty?”
“Guilty.”
* You will be fined five dollars.”
They then changed places and ag »ta the plea was “guilty.”
“Hznm,” was the response. “Now these cases ore becoming far too eoeninoD. This Is the second we’ve bed this morning. You will be fined twenty dollars?
FIÆTVHER BRADLEY'S FAMOUS Australian White Leghorn Baby Chick». Now only $15.00 per hundred, reduced from $25.00. Greatest laying stock in ail Canada. Extra large fowl and eggs. Fr« e literature, 153 Bank St.. Ottaw::.
NOW' YOU CAN START A Business from your home. No capital required. W’e supply everything. You handle only fast selling items. Commissions substantial.
Murders are committed in the l.’nited States at an average rate of twenty a day.
6*îs that are composed of flower hate and necklaces of the flowers pressed and mounted under crystal, are shown in I>oncIon.
#
t
Free
holesale catalogue and selling Plan. NEW AGE ENTERPRISES. 8 H. F. 313 Fort. Winnipeg.
PERSON \ I,
QUIT I’UBAVVU. SNUFF. EASILY. Inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonial». Guaranteed. Advice free Rnrt1eft'«« Rnv 1 Winnipeg.
H AFTER 1 «ELF-CHARGER
BAKERY EQUIPMENT
same
WHY' BUY NEW RADIO “B" BATteries ' Guaranteed to recharge old cnes like new. $1.25 brings compete automatic self-charger a ad full plan. Minard Mon s en. Par k -aide, Saak.
BAKERS' OVENS AND MACHINery, also rebuilt equipment a 1 way a on hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence Invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co.. 103 Bathurst St.. Toronto
PHOTO FINISHING
FREE! YOU CAN NOW OWN A complete set of beautiful silverware absolutely without cast, manufactured and guaranteed by International Silver Company. You may have this complete set absolutely free by sending your film» to Imperial. Send an order now and receive complete particulars of this amazing offer. Six or eight exposure films developed and :nted 25c, or 8 reprints 25c. plus your choice of a fr^e enlargement In easel mount or free silverware. To get the best In quality and service send your films to Imperial Photo Service. Station J., Toronto


M
BA II Y CHICKS
ELECTRIC MOTORS


BABY CHICKS ARE CHEAPER IF they do more for you when matured. EXTRA DOZENS of eggs in the A-large grade, puts MONEY In your pocket.
Chicks are bred to do this for you and fill the basket too. Our 14th •capon.
weekly In ONE GOOD GRADE. You get our BEST Barred Rocka, White Leghorns, New Hampshire», Hybrids. For better results become a “Trent Chick Customer.” Writ#* to Trent Electric Hatchery, Box 533W.. Trenton, Ontario.
Kf
ELECTRIC MOTORS OF EVERY description, also V Belts and Pulley». Jones & Mnore Electric, 29*> Adelaide West, Toronto.
i
EXTRA
Trent
>
EXTERMINATORS
pr
"This Is the worst town for
gossip
"H iiriI What have you bten doing ?”
7/

producing 7.000 chicks
I ever lived In.”
DERPO BUG KILLER 85c,. ENTER-minâtes bedbugs, moths, cockroaches, crickets, fleas, lice, ticks.
DERAT RAT AND MOUSE KILLER 50c. Harmless to humans, animals, fowl. At Eaton's, Simplon's, Tam-Myns, local dealers, or Derpo Products. Toronto.
/

r
<
I

*
6.
A business man thought hie staff rsther laxy and Indifferent, so he Binned up the following notice:
“Bread is the staff of life, but that to no reason why the life of our e»Bff should be one continual k*f.”
LYONS’
MAKE MONEY WITH MAY-JUNE Bray chicks. Order now. Quick delivery. New Hampshire», Barred Rocks, leghorns. Order I* S. x N H. and Black Minorca». June delivery, Bargains started cockerels. Order Turkeys soon. “Ordering MORE Bray Chirks — good sur-cess." “Did wonderfully well.' So ¦ay Bray customers. Remember Bray Chirks Pay. Bray Hatchery. 130 John St. N., Hamilton. Ont.
*1
RECONDITIONED I I KNITLME
si
15
BARGAINS!
ELECTRIC MOTORS
'
ATTENTION?
>4 H P. MOTORS. 60 or 25 cycle, $5.60, rebuilt, guaranteed. Spa d In a Electric, 362 Spa-dina. Toronto.
US
$49. Beautiful living room outfit. Large 3 piece Chesterfield Suite, upholstered in brown mohair with figured reversible Marshall spring cushion*, bridge lamp and silk shade, walnut end table. sll*k cushions table lamp and silk shade, and modern smoker, n real outstanding value.
$24. Solid oak Dining Room Suite, large buffet, extension table and 6 leather upholstered chairs, completely refinished.
$69. Modern solid oak dining room suite, large buffet, extension table china cabinet and fi leather upholstered chairs, completely refinished.
$89. Beautiful solid walnut dining room suite, completely reflnlshed, large buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather sent chairs. $29. Chesterfield Suite, 3 pieces, upholstered In repp material, rust •hade, reversible Marshall spring cushions, perfect condition.
$49. Kroehler Chesterfield Bed Suite 3 pieces: upholstered In brown mohair figured reversible spring cushions, thoroughly reconditioned. Complete with new matu^e**. $69. Modern Bed Room Suite, floor sample, in the new bleached walnut finish with round Venetian mirror*, dresser or vanity, chiffonier full sise bed, sagless spring and new mattress.
$29. Smart Breakfast Suite In walnut finish, buffet with cabinet top, extension Jack-knife leaf table, and 4 chairs. Like new.
$12.95 Hoosler Kitchen Cabinet, sliding porcelain top.
Largo assortment of dressers, beds, stoves, odd chairs, chesterfields it ridiculously low prices to clear.

M

/
<•
GROWERS, ATTENTION!
j
Russians Employ P arachute Doctor”

FRUIT GROWERS. GARDENERS. Write to ue for prices on your requirements of fruit and vegetable packages. The Oakville Basket Co., Limited. Oakville, Ontario.
mi

$
"ALL LIVING AT SIX WEEKS, rites Harold Blecher. Brome, ue." who received 100 Barred ock* nnd 50 New Hamps. That’s the kind Chicks
and blood-tested breeders, are sold at the right price. Standard Qualitv Leghorns $8.50:	90
per cent. Pullets $10.95: Cockerels 11.00. Barred Rocks $8.95. Pullets $14.75. Cockerels $6.90. New Humps $8.95. Pullets $15.75. Cockerels 84.99. White Hock*. Hybrids $9.95. Pullets $15.75. Cockerels $7.90. Large Egg Quality add one cent. Bigger Profit add two cents. Lower price* for June. Free catelogue. Top Notch Cnlckeries. Guelph, Out.

I




Russia has a "parachute doctor” whose missions of mercy ton* ***** with the exploits of para-sfcatjgte in the war in western
Imrope.
He ie Dr. A. A. Poll,* of Odessa, wbo uses the parachute method ft* reach urgent cases In outlying
districts.
Last week Dr. Poll made his J94th 'chute jump to reach the bedside of a critically ill patient. Weather conditions did not mit his 'plane to land.
So-called “medical aviation" is important factor in many outlying regions of the Soviet Union.

sell. Ton Notch •irp from carefully culled
They
V/.
HOTELS WA5TEOHH
OUR SUCCESS IN SELLING HOTels Is really phenomenal. We will be pleased to have an opportunity to try to sell yours. We advertise In every paper In Ontario. For our terms write to Bert Weir & Sons Realtors, London. Ontario.
v.“
m

i restone
i
«
______HELP WANTED
LOCAL CORRESPONDENT WANT-by news and feature service, writing experience desirable, but not necessary. Fee basis. All Am tea News Service, 103 Park Ave„ New York. N.Y.
¦
v


IF YOU WANT CHICKS IN A HURry we can supply you and all good Government Approved chicks fi bloodtestcd breeder*. Standard Quality White T^ehorns $8.75. 9U per rent, pullets $18.45. cockerels $1 Ofi. Burred Rocks. New Hampshire* $9.25. pullet* $14.95. New Hampshire Cockerel* $6.60. Barred Rock cockerels $6.76. White Rock* Hybrids — Barred Rock x New Hampshire*. New Hampshire* x S&LTtd P.ocks $10.25. pullets $18.95 cockerel* $7.75. Rig Egg Qualitv Slightly higher. Started chicks, capon*. Free catalogue. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Ltd , Baden, Ontario,
Everything in this great tire is new and different New Safety-Lock cord» have 35% greater heat protection; tread and body have a 27% stronger bond between them; beads are rust-proofed and tied in and the new Gear Grip tread has 11% npn-slnd mileage. With all thee? new features Firestone Champion tires do not cost one cent more. Drive in today and put Champions on your car.
per-
rom
_______NURSERY STOCK
OLDRY CABBAGE PLANTS 1,000 $2.50: 10.000 $22.50; Bonny tiest î.°™t0	1.000 13.26; 10,00(1
10.00. Prepaid. Healthy pi aja ta. •ter Lugtfgheld, Blenheim, Ontario.
an
\
*
more
FMMIE MI& !

!

Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
y Women who suffer painful, irregular periods with nervous, moody spells due to functional cav-J should fir.; Lydia E. PlnkhanVa yt-etablo Compound simply
II £. *LK5 to. r*lieve such distress. «, Pinkham s Compound is made especially to help weak, tired worn -•to eo smiling thru difficult days. Over 1.000,000 women have reported ! amazing beneflte. WELL WORTH 1 TRYING!
(
LYONS FURNITURE CO. 478 Yonge St.
UW
New
I
i

BRAY CUSTOMERS year after year -you’re depending on « try money, don't he?
Jure Brsy ohlcks. horn*. New H"matures especlal-1; Don't have half rmntv poultry-
you didn't order dor T'likry* now too. v Mntchqry, 130 John N., 11am-
' ’DM E BACK for more.
-g and pouî-• ture to buy Rock*. Letr-
qPKCI II.I/.1XO IN REIIUILT MOTORS, I'OWER- UNITS.

Toronto
Whenever you need new tire» first
J
If
go to your
nearest Firestone Dealer. He has a tire in
Hydraulic tlelatn XX I » «he*. Geuerulore. Start-era. *1 «***»„*«$*. r*rhwrelom. Medlnl-
mar-
'
i


The colors of coconut matting will be greatly freshened if, aft#* brushing, it is scrubbed with hot water and salt instead of soap; rinse and dry in the open.
h luge Seethe, OI**«
!
every price class to suit that x% ill serve you better and ta
every purse . . a t.re
** at I* far «ton nr refund. I'nrs* lorn it ;o.
Les y A ul u
j,
e ycu money



Tt i ;
NO. 22—’40


I) ton.
i
###PAGE###4###

Canada Spurs Search For War’s Vital Oil
THE EQUITY
Hodgins Garage
SHAW VILLE, JUNE 6, 1940
Drilling for oil—Vital force of mech anized war—is under way in regions extending from New Brunswick in the east to Alberta and the Mackenzie river in the northwest.- In the Peace River district of British Columbia, drilling is Fairs and exhibitions throughout I expected this summer.
Canada will be fewer in number and Alberta ranks first as producer of oil less ambitious this year owing to war and gas in the Dominion. The Turner conditions. Announcement at Halifax Valley field is responsible for most of last week, that the Nova Scotia provin the production, with a yield in 1939 of cial exhibition was cancelled for 1940 7,456,000 barrels of petroleum. Turner recalls the fact that directors of the Valley produces 96 per cent of all Central Canada Exhibition held annual- petroleum produced in Canada, ly in Ottawa, decided some time ago to In New Brunswick, the Stoney Creek cancel their fair.	'	I field has been producing oil and gas
The Dominion government, as one of since 1909, Up to 1939, the field bad its many war economy moves, is cutting | produced and delivered for consumption out grants to fairs and exhibitions ex 17,500,000,000 cubic feet of gas and cept for certain commitments already produced 240,000 barrels of oil. entered into.	After the lapse of a quarter of a
The estimates tabled last week show centuary, interest has again been re the vote for such grants reduced from vived in petroleum possibilities of $322,409 last year to $65,000 this year. ! Gaspe peninsula. To test possibilities,
well is now being drilled 30 miles west uf the town of Gaspe.
All the commercially productive oil and gas fields so far discovered in Ontario lie south of a line drawn from
East of Hamilton
SEED CORN


Fewer Canadian Fairs To Be Held This Year
¦>
s
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
We have recently unloaded a car of Rennies Choice No. 1 Seed Corn, containing the following varieties :
1

¦
i
T
Golden Glow Early Bailey White Cap Compton’s Early
Improved Learning, Pride of Nishna, Wisconsin No. 7, Canadian Sweepstakes, Long Fellow.
A Choice Lot to Choose From
Change your old model and get a better one
s
a

Quebec Studying Refugee Scheme
Prices Range From
1930—Pontiac Sedan 1929—Chevrolet Sedan 1937—Chevrolet Sedan 1937—Chevrolet Coach no Trunk
1937—	Chevrolet Coach with Trunk
1938—	Chevrolet Coach with Trunk, four of them | 1938—Chevrolet Sedan, two of them 1934—Chevrolet 1^ ton truck with stake body 1936—Maple Leaf 2^ ton truck with stake body

s
$1.30 to $1.65
The Quebec government now sttiding j Sarnia to Hamilton plana, advanced by Dominion author- all wells producing gas in commercial ities, whereby Quebec province would quantity lie a few miles south ot the look after some of 10,000 refugee chil- Niagara escarpment. Exploratory dril-dren who would be brought to Canada ling is in progress on Manitoulin Island, from the United Kingdom, France and No oil or gas in commercial quantity Belgium, it was learned last week.	has been found in Manitoba.
Approval of the plans has been Oil and gas production in Saskatche-“practically decided upon,” an author- wan *8 confined to the district ol Lloyd -it&tive source said, and some members minster on the Alberta boundary of the Quebec cabinet intend personally perts however consider that the whole to assume responsibility for’ one or plains region of Saskatchewan is worthy more of the childien.	of prospecting for oil and gas.
Similar action, it is understood has In Northwest territories, about 50 been suggested to the other provinces, miles north of Port Norman on the Number of children who would be Mackenzie, two wells are producing oil. brought to Quebec is not known but Expansion of the field is curtailed by
limited local demand, poor transportation facilities and distance from outside markets.
The provincial government of British Columbia has made arrangements to test certain areas in the Peace River block during the present summer.
Per Bushel

<
s
K

B

THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REG'D-
«
Ex

%

\

\
unwritten Law Forbids
Meddling With Nature
There seems to be an unwritter law forbidding man to make too in timate contacts with any of nature's host of wild folk. Tragedy and ur, happiness usually follow when mar. with the best of intentions subs: tutes his own association for that o the animal's own kind. Hand-rais
Overlay Glass Process
Was Used by Romans
Overlay or cased glass was a product of the Nineteenth century But although different in technique it stemmed back, artistically at least, to the colorful enameled glass of the Romans which they first fashioned some 2.000 years ago. This process the Arabs later perfected and tjie Syrian glass of Damascus and Aleppo presently found its way to Europe, where Venetian and later Bohemian glassmakers also learned the process. By the Fifteenth and Sixteenth centuries the latter were fashioning such elaborate and beautiful pieces as the Reichgadlerhum-pen, a large beaker enameled with the double-headed eagle of the Holy Roman empire and the coats, of arms of its dependencies.
Glass enameling, however, involved not only the use of many colors but several processes of execution, writes Richmond Huntley in American Collector. So by 1820 the Bohemians found a relatively simple way to produce a decorative and pleasing effect by substituting a single color for the many. The process was quite different. But briefly, the steps in its making were as follows:	Over clear or colored glass
a contrasting shell was applied while the whole was white hot. Then the glass was annealed, after which it went through a grinding and polishing process whereby a pattern was cut through the outer shell, thus revealing the contrasting color beneath. Ruby red, blue, green, canary and sometimes clear with opaque overlay were used.
some estimates set the total at 1,000.
Money for Quebec’s proposed move has not yet been voted officially, it was learned, but the question has been studied in council.
J. Ij. HUDGINS
\
1
Phone 64-J.
Quebec Expects to Raise $3,000,000 by Income Levy
Rate of the province of Quebec’s proposed income tax will be 17 per cent, of the amount payable under the Dominion Government’s income impost Provincial Treasurer Arthur Mathewson announced last week vided for in the budget, is expected to raise $3,000,000 annually.
Following is text of the treasurer’s announcement :
The Income Tax of the province of Quebec will be 17 percent, of the amount payable to the Dominion Government. In Ontario the rate is 50 per cent, of the Federal rate after allowing certain deductions.
The Quebec Income Tax will apply to incomes for 1939 and it will not be payable before July 1, 1940. The date of payment will be officially announced.
In view of the financial situation of the City of Montreal it would be impracticable at this time to deprive the city of the revenue derived from the local municipal income tax ernmenUdoes not propose to assume the obligation of collecting the municipal income tax.
/lyi/l/i/t/lxi/l/l/ixi/iyi/i/i /i/ixi/i/i/ixi/
<
mpurities in Beeswax
Eliminated by Sun Rays
Beeswax, when pure, is fine mate-lal for high-quality cardies, but im-urities are likely to clog the can-ck and cause uneven burning ind a sputtering flame. Bees manufacture wax for combs. Pure wax will burn with practically no ash or smoke, but wax gathered from the hive usually contains pollen and the substance known as propolis or bee glue, which the insects gather from plants, a gummy resinous material that does not melt or burn at the same temperatures as pure wax. If particles of propolis are drawn into the wick, they prevent the even flow of the melted wax and may make a sooty smoke
<
ing a young western tanager founr helpless as a fledgling is a case :: point.
Beautiful Sequoia National park i: California was the setting, and th: park ranger scrupulously iollowec the schedule he knew most rr.othet birds observed, feeding the young ster, chiefly on insects, every 'Si minutes during the daylight hours This normal regime brought the bird to its juvenile period in a satis fyingly healthy state. But its hu man guardian could not furnish the stimuli that should have aroused in it instincts of self-preservation and animal cunning. Thus the bird could not protect itself from the menace that lurks in the forrrf of weasels and squirrels. One after To purify wax for candlemaking n0on it failed to appear at feeding and for use in cosmetics two government scientists have found that

ESTABLISHED 1893


lit
.
The levy, pro
INVALID
COACH
i
GEORGE HYNES & SON


Directors of Funeral Service

Shawville, Que.

Phone 03
time. Search was made A little bunch of bloody, matted feathers solar heating is likely to be more was 0nly trace of the little satisfactory than heating with boil- stranger.
ing water. Sun heat helps to bleach Nature's inexorable law of compe-the wax. Impurities may be fur- tition between the species, and the ther removed by boiling the wax in absence of instruction by a parent dilute acids which destroy the pohen 0f own genus in coping with it,
and propolis without affecting the resulted in a hopeless handicap for wax.
The scientists found that the darkening of the color which has been
The Gov
The
FORD V-8
'..he young bird
These Mean More Than Thrift
War Savings Certificates! The. attributed to heating is really the i Airplane Photography Hints Government could have called them I result of chemical action that re- Many American airlines, unlike
For that in Mark truth, is whit they I with iron. Wax can be kept hot for | pass! n ge ^to’phot ojr a p°h th f^e r r a in are. War Savings Certificates are what, hours in containeis of giass, Siam- , over which their routes pass—unless in peace days, we might call “fine in- less steel, aluminum, or nickel with- a restricted military reservation vestment. They make for thrift, lay Dut darkening.	| happens to be below. William Sum-
a foundation of security appeal to the For thread waxing, in grafting I its, system photographer for Trans-
spintof self-respect and self-reliance, wax, and for waterproofing, the continental & Western Air, Inc., ad- i 4	,	*•	, ,, Xl . .	,
r“	swt	4'p at
«eed.	as it makes the wax much more one hundredth of a second to stop Mnldoon, Clarke, Toung, West-
But, far more than these things, and acid, and mixtures which will be de- movement. On ordinary shots, he	nru niJrVû xtnii, M
more terribly vital, War Savings Certi- sirable in the pure wax may de- asserts that a light filter and pan- On motion of Crs Clarke-Muldoon,
ticaœs are a challange to patriotism, velop very differently because of the | chromatic film should be used while . mmutes ,)! ,a8t meetln8 were con‘ war duty which no one can ever expect Locating Oil by Sound	mends a light yellow filter for cloud " V0, ne’ road list
“ wJXtasFcSS.	OUI, Open. Vast New Field, £Kh "e ,or c““lni oul ”» ^ *. IHmiion ; ;;
share in this war. They ask us whether, The Anthony F. Lucas gold medal	I ' Kilroy,
in this terrible conflict, with all that we for 1940 has been awarded to Ev-	- J. A. Boiutski, bill
are or ever hope to be at stake, we are erett Lee De Golyer, consulting pe	Defective Eyesight	M. Me Bane, road list..
content with lip loyalty to our cause ; troleum geologist, of Dallas, Texas, Defective eyesight is the major Whereas Arthur Wiggins has resigned content with abuse of Hitler ; unwilling in recognition of “distinguished	cause fcr rejection of applications	% ^ master,	it was	moved by Lrs.
to make even moderate sacrifice for the | achievement in improving the tech-	for cadetships in the army air corps	I West brook-Young, that Henry Mulligan
•tisasrs-. w.. zaassu* rsws	.
soldiers of democracy are dying for its plan for finding oil employs tracing t0 the flying corps are turned down wat?r cour8e at„ 8* ^cranes and on defence. Are we willing to back therr, ground supplies by using special because of weak eyes. Such rejec- mot!on of. Lrs. Clarke-5 oung, the
willing to contribute something to feed American Institute of Mining and I come prematurely old because of in- I	u
peoples are supporting them.	special committee of 16 leaders in | may become stoop-shouldered in a p0r.d'nit!l"pro|,er y of
SSfSS hsSS?H IlilMsM *iH|ss:S
mum WsWM te* " mm
***»e
we fight behind them It is the least, ^.bearing salt dome structures by	.lure cavalry to the great delight of
God knows, that we can do.	iound reflection in 1922.	the company.
“National Safety Certificates
South Onslow Council
June 3, 1940

a
/
/
$
The lower-priced Ford V-8, with a character of its own. is definitely modern in every detail of design. This is evident in the deep hood, the low grille, the long, smooth lines and the accent upon size and roominess.
Like the De Luxe Fold, it has advanced in value all along the line, with a great number of important new features. 11 has the same extra inches of leg room, Finger-Tip Gearshift, Controlled Ventilation, Sealed-Beam Head-lamps, and the same quiet, easy-shifting transmission. The improved shock absorbers, and the more flexible springs and new torsion bar ride-stabilizer, give it an outstandingly level ride brakes give straight, quick stops.
$10 00 46 80
29 00
5 00
19 20 177 00
Its big hydraulic
The 85 horse power Ford V-8
engine gives unusual operating economy, with outstanding performance. Many owners report 22 to 27 miles per gallon of gasoline.
v
This
Whether you choose the Ford V-8 or the De Luxe Ford V-8, you know that the matchless experience and manufacturing facilities of the Ford Motor Company assure you of the best possible value for the invest.
money you
Horses and cattle taken in part payment
G. A. Howard & Son
Shawville
Quebec
I oh. A Stkkls,
Sec.-Treae,
t
###PAGE###5###
Service Announcement
NOTICE
Acknowledgment

The Equity

I* f f f Mff *
Shaw ville United Church
All Set for June Days
Information that will lead to the apprehension of certain parties, entering, damaging and removing articles from the vacant dwelling house on Lot pt. 20, on the 4th Range, Township of Clarendon, will be thankfully received and rewarded by the undersigned owner.
ROBERT HARRIS, Shawvillc, Que.
n , ^ ^	rx o 4 i Mrs. Cecil 0. Howard desires to ack-
Rev- A. F. Fokks IB A , B.D. Pa3tor | nowledge the following floral tributes
which were received at the time of her husband’s death :
Established 1883
PDBMSîTBI) MVRIIY THURSDAY AT
SH A WVILLB, QUKBRC
Sunday, June 9
11.00 a.m.—Service at Shawville 130pm.—Service at Zion	I The Family; Shawville United
3 00 p.m.—Service at Stark’s Corners. | Church ; Employees of the Internation 7 30 p.m.—Service at Shawville

r
annual subscription
$1.50
Men’s Fine Quality Windbreakers,
Plain and fancy colours $1.75 to $6.50
al Cooperage Company ; the Fairfield Family ; Class of the United Church Sunday School ; Mr. and Mrs. Emet son Cotie and family ; Grades 1, 2, 3, 4 and 7 Shawville High School Mrs. John K. Alexander, Mr. and Mrs. Wesley Greer, Mrs. Lucy M. Greer, and Mr. Fred Trump, all of Kirkland Lake,
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
2.00
Bristol United Church
Rev. C. ARMSTRONG SALES, B, D. Sunday, June 9
St. Andrews, Sunday School 10.00
Set vice at
Sunday School 2.001 Qnt Service at
Sunday School Service at
Mr. and
All arrears must he paid in full before any paper Is discontinued
Men’s Fancy lightweight Sweater Coats $1.98
Cards of Thanks
11.00
w. G.COWAN. PUBLISHER
69c
Knox,
Men’s Red and Green Polos, special
Mrs. Samuel Sinclair and family wish ? to express their sincere thanks and appreciation to many friends and I neighbours for many acts of kindness and words of sympathy extended lb during the illness and death of beloved husband and father.
3.00
Austin,
10.30
U
7.30
Men's Sweat Shirts,
Colours Green, Red, White, Blue
In Memoriam
em
Roy G. Fraser
Gifts, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Bo* 886
59c
ANGLICAN St. Paul’s Sunday, June 9
10.00	a. m.— Sunday School
11.00	a. m —Morning Prayer 7 30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s
1.00	p.m.—Sunday School 1.30 p.m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
2.00	p.m.—Sunday School
3.00	p.m.—Evening Prayer
a
In loving memory of a dear husband and father, J. D. Hodgins, who died June 7th, 1938.
The midnight stars are shining Upon your silent grave,
Beneath it sleeps the one we love The one we could not save.
Wipe and Family
Flowers,
Men’s Plain White Sweat Shirts, Extra $1.00
We wish to thank our kind friends and neighbours for their acts of kindness during our recent bereavement in the loss of a beloved husband and father
Phone 160
Men’s Union Suit (Combinations) 75c to $1.00
Mrs. Cecil Howard and Family
35c to 49c
Men’s Shorts and Briefs
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in
y

1 The Hodgins Lumber Co.
Un
vite your patronage orders of $1.00 or over, phone
On orders of
35c
Men’s White Cotton Mesh Shirts
u6 collect $5.00 or over phone us collect
and we shall prepay.
Two Ohio Ministers
Run ‘Crimeless’ Town
Two ministers who rolled up their sleeves and went to work to stop crime and accidental death, are credited with making Shelby, Ohio, town of 7,000, a “crimeless community” and the winner of two national safety awards. One of them is the Rev. D. B. Young, pastor of the First Lutheran church and mayor of the town.
The other is Leroy Coffey, who was minister of a Baptist church before the Rev. Mr. Young selected him for his chief of police three years ago.
“I couldn’t see why we could not have the best-policed community in the country,” the pastor-mayor said. “Coffey and I decided to apply big-city technique to our crime and accident prevention.”
One of the things which has caused police officers throughout the state to comment is the two-way radio system installed in Shelby’s police cruisers. The system, said to compare favorably with those used in major cities of the country, was installed for only $300. Police Chief Coffey and his force of seven did all the work.
“Before we could use the system,” Coffey said, “all seven on the force had to learn how to operate the sets, know the Morse code and become licensed operators. It was a big job, but the men seemed to get a big kick out of it.”
A criminal identification division was set up with cameras and fingerprinting equipment. Coffey inaugurated a series of crime prevention and safety talks at schools and before club groups.
25c
Adjustable band
Men’s Summer Caps,
XI
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
Men’s Bathing Trunks, All-wool $1.59
Silk	$2.25
Wool	$1.25
Phone anytime between 7am
end 11 p.m.
4 4
<4
44
44
Boys
44
X
X
ra
15c to 25c
Men’s and Boy’s Straw Hats

i *
x
x
X
*
Ladle’s Ankle Sox, Silk and Cotton 18c to 25c
s
m
X


%
\
4
«
g Phone 27
A.G.F.A.
KODAK
FILMS
&
Children’s Ankle Sox, Silk and Cotton 15c to 25c j
(9

X
V
X
X
THE HODGINS LUMBER COMPANY
X
X
X
1
& m
to
K3
Quebec
-VûfS
Shawville,

Ladies Silk Hose
S



v

2200008215001
Extra Value
N
B
ALL SIZES

Pure Silk Thread


DALE’S TINSHOP
GUARANTEED
79c to 89c
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
THE CORNER STORE
» '
Ladies Rayon SilK Hose
Special
€
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and CentreSts
SHAWVILLE.
*
€
29c
%
*
QUE.
t
P-U-M-P-S
*
€
Ladies Slacks

Radio for Deaf
A radio receiver for use by deaf persons not only to hear broadcast programs but also as a hearing aid in carrying on conversations is described in a patent (No. 2,159,632) of James J. Morey of Bloomfield, N. J., according to a writer in the New York Times. The receiver in-1 eludes a pair of earphones and a | loudspeaker. Used solely as a radio receiver, broadcast programs can oe heard either through the loudspeaker or earphones. By turning a switch, however, the loudspeaker becomes a microphone which picks jp conversation and other sounds in the room. The receiver then functions as an amplifier to amplify the sounds so that a deaf person wearing the headphone set can readily tear them. The receiver is portable.
%
t
Navy Drill Slacks. .Side Trim of White Khaki Drill Slacks.. Side Trim of White
6.
Look Here
We are carrying a large stock of Beatty


For Salr, Wants, Four,a
Lost otc’.
Pumps and Parts for every purpose, all
Call in and see
85c to $1.00
at a price to suit you. this stock and save money.
C)
Motor RugS Special
WANTED-Girl to do general house Must be able to milk. Good to Earl Duns. Maryland,
$2.25
•work
wages. Apply Que. Phone 23
-0
25c
SUN GOGGLES
LESLIE DALE
FOR SALE—1 Underwood Typ in good condition» will l>e sold cn cash. Apply at Til* Equity Okkick
e writer eap for
Shawville,
Quebec
Main Street,
LOST-Some where on Shawville. between the Anglican church and Mrs. Cecil Howards on Sunday night, May 20, a small wrist watch. Finder please notify FuraFiiie or Mrs. Wellington Smart.
MacLean’s
FOR SALE— No. 15 De Laval Cream Separator, power device attachment «Guo. Mkldiujm, Wyman. Phone 1-11,
Dugouts for Ducks
Ducks Unlimited has begun blasting Tatagwa lake, near Wewburn. Sask., under a new plan to create more dugouts for ducks in western Canada. The method of blasting “duck-outs” with dynamite was used successfully in the United States, where miles of ditches have been jug through swamps The idea is o create deep holes in dried up ake beds where water will gather n the spring and provide the mi rating ducks with a place to land urine their flight northward.
RED & WHITE STORE
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited


PASTURAGE FOR RENT-123 acres of good past mo, well fenced and lota of water. Apply to T. J. Kkaiin*. Quyon, <Jue.
f f	f f	f f	f f c f fee Of f-rnff f
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves"
I •
FOR SALK- Durham Bull three yearn old and Hereford Bull two yew old. Both purebred. Will exchange for calf or year old heifer. Apply to Hilt am Bkattik. Onslow, Que. Phone, Shaw ¦ville, 12—0.
Tariff of Tolls to be Collected During
Season 1940, by
Sweet Mixed Pickles, 27 oz bottle Dill Pickles,
Tomato Catsup, 25 Oak-Leaf Tomato Juice, 28 oz can Apple and Raspberry Jam, per jar ....
Plum Jam, per jar....................
Jelly Powders, all flavors, per pkg..
Coffee, fresh ground, per pound......
Black-Tea, bulk, per pound Map-0 Spread, 26 oz tin....
G M. Peanut Butter, 20 oz ice box jar
25c
17
15c
S I
4 i
FOR SALB-A quantity of good nota toea. Apply to W. J. Brownlkk, R. 1. Shawville. Phone 15—22.
17c
i I
4 #
The Quinze Rapids Improvement Co., Ltd.
For Use of Improvements
10c
FOR SALE or RENT-Dance Hall at Sand Bay. Apply to Crawford Carbon It. 2, Shawville. Phone, 22—24.
25c
Wilson’s Garage
25c
The Same Reliable Service
e
Sawlogs, 17 feet and under, per 1,000 feet Board Measure.
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, per 1,000 feet Hoard Measure..............................
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock, and all other woods, ronnd or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet Board Measure..................................
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, square or waney board, per 1,000 Cubic Feet........
Pulpwood, per Cord.......................................
5c
5 cents
FOR SALE
39c
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
’ •• Tile Lap " Sheets Galvanized Steel Hoofing ordinary and Council Standard. Send ridge and rafter lengths for call
60,
V
cents
25c
mate.
EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd 1335 Delorlmler Avenue
Montreal, Quebec .
Ford Service
25c
7j cents
It
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils I
15c
I I
• «
Pulpwood Wanted
Grapefruit Juice, 50 oz tin...........
Red & White Baking Powder per tin Dates, pitted, per pound..
Pure Lard, 2 pounds
25c
J. P. Wilson
75 cents
25c
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balaam pulpwood, F.O,B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick-up by trucks Phone or write,
J. M. ARGUE,
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
5 censt
15c
• #
23c
E. C. WOOLSEY,
Secretary
######*#**
• • •
Shawville, (jue
Phone 70
###PAGE###6###
It has been proved from ancient Chinese archives adventurers from Empire crossed the Eacifie between A D. 458 and 57(5, exploring the Western American joust, and compiling reports on the geography of the country and the habits of its natives. Alaska was called Wan Shang, British Columbia was named Ta Han, and Mexico they called Fuwmg.
Later, but some 500 yea: 4 before Columbus, the were credited with forming co.-onies in the New World.
Gardening ...
Canadian Soldiers Leans “Blitzkrieg* Tactics
that seam a tithe Celestial
Pigs Preferred
By Mosquitoes
VOICE

OF THE
#0
SPREAD OUT
Experts not only caution against too early sowing, but they also advise not to stop too soon. There Is no reason why plantings cannot be continued in most parts of Canada right through until July. This will spread the harvesting season over equally long period with vegetables always fresh. Just coming to
a
n
PRESS


The next time you are bitten by a mosquito, don’t think you naturally attract the insects.
Entomologists of the New Hampshire Agriculture Department report that in choosing a victim, the mosquito prefers a horse or a cow to a human being by about six to one. Pigs and dogs, they say, also are more popular than man.
'J"
i

A
F AD FADES
One thing to be thankful for: that "Confucius say” stuff has come and gone.—St. Thomas Times-Journal.

an
Norsemen
mi
maturity.
Much more fun and much more satisfaction results where gardening is thus spread over the entire season. While the whole plot may he planted in a single afternoon, usually about the middle of May, the inevitable consequence is a rush of flowers or vegetables followed by practically none at all. On the other hand, by only sowing a part of the seed of each packet at time, by using short cut meth-
A RARE INDIVIDUAL
We met a man yesterday and he interested us greatly. He did not profess to know what Museo-lini had in his mind and he had not the slightest idea of what Stalin intended to do.—Peterborough Examiner.
CHEESE FROM DENMARK
Canada, it is announced, imported 8,519 pounds of cheese from Denmark during the month of March. That is one branch of competition, if it may be so called, that the dairymen van wipe off the elate for 'some months to come.—Brockville Recorder and Times.
Seven Y ears Said Average
. . the announcement made by the Central Chinese
powers . was :
Government that the main Jap-anees force in Central China had been crushed with the reiupture of Tsao-yang, which had been a Japanese base in Northern Hupeh
For M.P. in Canadian House of Commons; Many Tiingi Occur to Change Cours3 of Parliamentarian
7


c.
one
ods in the way of started plants, by providing a little protection against early frosts next Fall, the amateur garden can be made almost continuously productive.
province . . .
House of Common* offtcl.Va it Ottawa estimate the “parli » military life of an average hk®' (i.r of parliament—that i&, .the avenge length of time an 'ndifMtt mains a member — is neveu years.
A member — man or won:as — may cease to be a member for a variety of reasons, to: nity cue of 10 or more of them in fart. A member may die in office, may 1.3 vated to the Senate, may 13 appointed a provincial lieu*.'riant-governor or to some 1 lgh g vom-ment post — just to rame a itw.
TEN REASONS FOR QUITTING Officials agree it Is a precarious and strenuous exist* nee belsg a member of parliament. Pher3 ire many pitfalls on the way at.j the public can bo fickle. Each parliament there is a batch of ftO V) 109 newcomers and, occasionally, *vhen there it a big upset of a stronz government, as occurred In the 11335 election, there are more tha: parliamentary neophytes.
FRECARlOUfe LIFE During the last parliament fro» October, 1935, to January 25Ji, oi 1940 the number of member* who died In office was 21 and t*vo of the members elected 10 th> present parliament died a few days after their election. Nine in era hers of the last parliament were e'.owned to the Senate.
* -
k:


-y*
The Dominion of Canada had its busiest week since the Federal election in March. Parliamentary leaders made speeches, stock-brokers ran from pillar to post, farmers rushed to get their crops in, housewives “blitzkrieg-ed” on their spring-cleaning, military men worked at top speed preparing to set up the Third Canadian Division, municipal authorities strained at the leash to go after “subersive elements” . .
The Week In Parliament
In Parliament, the Speech from the Throne declared that “tragic events” in Europe "have but served to intensify our determination to share in the war effort of the Allied powers to the utmost of our strength” . . . Prime Minister King, renewed the assurance to Great Britain of Canada's full support "in these grave, clouded hours” . . . Finance Minister Ralston told the House of Commons that, although Canada’s war bill had mounted to an estimated $700,000,000 a year (almost $2,000,000 a day), with the possibility of further increase, no change was contemplated in the Government’s established "pay-as-you-go” program. Taxes first, then loans, continues to be the war policy ... a rising demand that Canada’s war effort be speeded up was reflected in-the Government's declarations regarding our participation, but little evidence of a concrete nature was seen, that Canada would enter more fully into the war . . it was announced that a separate Ministry of Air was being created, with Hon. C. G. Power, latterly appointed Postmaster-General, at the head of it . . . the most dramatic moment of the week came when the voice of the new woman member, Mr6*. Dorise Xeilsen, in her maiden speech, was raised in behalf of the forgotten unfortunates of Canada. Making no apologies for turning the subject away from war, she pointed out that in times of crisis, particularly, the fate of those living in poverty could not be overlooked: "Though death stalks through the world and knocks at the door of every nation,” she said, “life must go on. The time to consider the life of the people of Canada is not when war is finished, but now.”

¦
re-
CULTIVATION
Cultivation not only kills weeds, which disfigure beds of flowers and vegetables and rob these respectable things of moisture and food, but it also keeps soil open so that it will remain sweet and absorb necessary chemicals from the air. Bacterial action beneath is also assisted.
While a small hoe Is a.most an essential implement, there are today other things .which will relieve much of the drudgery which the hoe still represents in the eye of the growing country boy. A little three fingered wire cultivator will work wonders around and under growing flowers a d vegetables. A Dutch hoe which is shoved along about an inch under the soil will cultivate a hundred feet or so of perennial bed in thirty minutes.


LURE OF THE SOIL A love of the soil is ingrained in the very soul of some people. Particularly is this true of the Canadian people, whose forefathers were, for the most part, pioneers who hewed for themselves and their families homes out of the virgin forest and sought their livelihood from the land.
—Guelph Mercury.

******



4



IT —
k>': &9L


mm
tmt
'
»


The bayonet charge of the infantry still plays an important part in the art of war despite the mechanization of modern armies. Infantry-of Canada’s modern army are shown here as they learn the finer points of conducting a bayonet charge.
men
t
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events
LONG BLAST HELPS
For more than a year now, the last toot of the locomotive whistle on approaching crossings has been a long blast instead of short, as formerly. The Transport Board notes a decrease last year in the number of motor vehicles struck by trains, “indicating that the changing of the whistle signal is showing beneficial results.”
Darkest Hour For Allies When Germans Reach Sea
100
out thinly; the troops were poorly trained.)
Eleven days after the German launched their big offensive through the Low Countries, advance Nazi units in lightning thrusts through northern France, reached the English Channel, separating the main French and British armies and trapping the
entire Force. The darkest hour in their
the British
Humanity In Agony
During the week, the hearts of all civilized men were wrung by the stories that leaked out from the battle areas of Europe, of refugee women and children by the hundreds of thousands driven from one place to another, everywhere pursued by bombs, fire, destruction
slaughter and carnage battlefields, little much had to be taken for granted in one of the bloodiest and most gigantic engagements of all time.
Says the Chinese
Were Here First
Canada Has Made Great Advances In Air T ran sport
The Chinese discovered Ameri-about 1,000 years before Columbus was born, according to Mr. B. A. McKelvie, of the British Columbia Historical Association.
British Expeditionary
ca
histories was upon and French empires.
For France, the situation was seen by military experts to be not altogether hopeless. The French army had a chance at least to hold on; if they could hold the Germans for a month, the tide might turn in their favor. But if Italy came into the war on the side of Germany and attacked in the south, the odds against France would be almost insuperable.
and death. Of the
on the was said. So
Progress Over Past Decade Has Been Phenomenal

One of the pioneers of air mail In Canada ten years ago, J. B. Corley, District Director of Postal Services, Calgary, Alta., a visitor in Montreal recalled the changes that had taken place in the past decade and described them as "almost unbelievable.” Before 1930, there had been irregular services to outlying communities in Eastern Canada, Mr Corley said in an interview, but the first schedule inter-city operation came into effect on the Prairies. As far back as 1926, Calgary was agitating for air mail. Test flights were made connecting Calgary and Winnipeg, by way of Medicine Hat, Moose Jaw and Regina, with a saving of 24 hours, and in 1930 contracts were awarded.
In the same year, an international service was established, from Montreal to Calgary via Toronto, Hamilton, Detroit, Chicago, St. Paul, Pembina and Winnipeg. Two years afterwards, the government discontinued the intercity air mail for economy, but the Prairies were alive to the advantages of wings. Mr. Corley said, and when the Trans-Canada Air Lines began service the response was eager. "The business people of the West are enthusiastic about the service that brings Montreal, Ottawa and Toronto closer," he added, "I know that in Calgary air mail is increasing in volume all the time. The faraway places benefit the most. '
Reach Outlying Areas
Speaking of the far away placée, Mr. Corley said that in Northern Alberta and the Northwest Territories, dog teams, horses and sleighs and steamboats had been superseded by the plane. Mails to the outlying areas were flown at regular postal rates. Walter Hale, District Supervisor of Postal Services at Edmonton, had promoted air mail to the north for years.
Contrasting flying in Canada with 10 years ago, Mr. Corley compared the big T. C. A. planes with the old open-cockpit Fok-kers, and referred to the development of the airway with its radio beam and its 24-hour weather service, and to the shorter m<re direct route across Canada.
ÏIS
U. S. Comes Nearer
Tin
Chances of the United States’ coming into the war on the side of the Allies were increased .109 per cent during the week as public feeling there was fanned to fever heat by the news from Europe, and by fears that the Nazi war machine would next be menacing the American continent. The large mass of the people rallied behind President Roosevelt in his drives to strengthen U. S. defenses, keep Italy out of the war. In his defense message to Congress, Mr. Roosevelt said: "Our ideal, our objective is still
peace at home and


•1
l
l
&
GOLDEN
CORN
SYRUP

Britain Fears Worst
While the British people worked frantically to defend themselves against what threatened to be the first invasion of England
a German blitz-
I
A Great Energy Food
in 874 years krieg through the air across the scant sixty-five miles of water separating the English east coast from France — peditionary Force on tinent had the choice of attempting evacuation under a rain of German bombs over the entire Channel area or facing the enemy in a last-ditch effort to hold the Channel ports avenue of escape left to them.
How It Happened Speaking before the French Senate, Premier Reynaud partially answered the question raised in the minds of the entire world last week, How did the Germans get through the Maginot and peril the entire Allied defense system on the Continent? Without mincing words, he revealed that a series of "inconceivable mistakes” on the part of the French High Command had made it possible for the Germans to blow up the hinge of the French Army, and walk through a breach in the French front 62
K>22
the British Ex-the Con-
By Fred Neher
LIFE'S LIKE THAT
peace
peace abroad. Nevertheless we stand ready not only to spend millions for defense but to give our service and even our lives for the maintenance of our American liberties.”
!
«%
yvjlLL-VUÇ

* *




//

I
!

; -3



the only
z
Z

/,/
"?/¦
4
%

Developments to Be Watched
While the eyes of the world were turned on Western Europe they were net seeing events in certain other quarters that might figure as important factors in coming situations. In the Balkans, the Rumanian government ordered cancellation of all army leaves, as Nazi "Blitz” troops massed on the Slovak frontier of Hungary facing Rumania . . . . Yugoslavia menaced by fresh Italian moves in Albania considered plans for general mobilization . . . Rumors emanated from Lithuania that Russia shortly would stop all oil exports to Germany; and Soviet Premier Molo-toff informed Great Britain, in cutting off British-Russian trade talks, that "Russia cannot subordinate the trade policy of the V. S. S. R. to the war aims of any foreign State” undoubtedly, either Germany or Britain ... in the Far East, a nasty situation existed in the vicinity of the Dutch East Indies, rich possession of conquered Holland, coveted by the warring
Has Good Word For War Horse

<
%

//
7/

/ #
.c y/zz

/ y>
//
.
' zz
z Z/
y3!
/

a
Australian Military Man Says Antipodean Type Are Invaluable — Go Waterless 84 Mrs.
C
y ;


t -,
/!
X

%



H
General Sir Harry Cbauvel, who led the Australian forces in Mesopotamia in the First Great War and who is now retired, believes Australian horses should be used in the present conflict if it develops on a large scale in the middle east.
General Cbauvel points out the previous war record of Australian ‘•Waters'’ — so-called because they ordinarily were bred in New South Wales. In the Boer War, it was not unusual for the Waters to carryloads of from 250 to 280 pounds over yielding sands for 48 hours on one watering.
In some cases', these Australian horses were known to go waterless for 84 hours, covering long distance while carrying troopers and fighting kit.
/ V
'vr
y.,x
mk.'y) v
«%

%
c\
n %
»
V
%
0
rJi
miles wide.
(The left wing of the French army, he said, left its fortifications between Sedan and the sea, and pivoting on Sedan, went into Belgium. The enemy launched a formidable attack then against the hinge of the French army behind the Meuse between Sedan and Namur. Th Meuse River had been considered a redoubtable obstacle for the enemy, and the French divisions charged with defending it were few, stretched


»


>**





«S
*>%
+0

s-
sX

X
a SjS




meaning,


)Wf b, iiedJUfcr)
"But I got to get out to the movie or some place once iv e W
I have my life to lead’ ’
» I » (* —4
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Tender Memories
I DID NOT/THE WHOLE. THING GAVE ME. A PAIN IN THE NECK/
i'll bet you
HATED TO COME HOME f
UNCLE JIM BROUGHT ME A BASKET OF FRUIT, AUNT EMMA
brought toys, POP CAVE ME FIV^
DOLLARS, AN...

YESzOAlSYBELLE/
I WAS THERJE A WEEK HAN'IN MY TONSILS TOOK OUTf
I understand
YOU WERE IN THE HOSPITAL. PINHEAD.
• 41
One-Man Army

4
s


John Perrio .has appointed him-eelf as the one-man Defencj Corps of Brecqhou Island, 8 miles
Ami
Channel
tecg ^n<j ferrio, who if trois it daily on his donl: ing for enemy ’planes and submarines. He wears a tartan kilt, sporran, tunic, and a forage cap, and carries a Crimean rifle. Only a dozen people live on the island.
Gr




# •


in the English Inland is six miles
70, p*. ey, loo>
TKTl
V*
-4.
m.
« I
)

//[ '

V/
‘'ai* $ ...
lief U I M Of Ac#. All rights ttüfvtd
ls£M
A

a


t)lts$l
*‘72
i I

###PAGE###7###
1

T
emt
|
had been an intern'dnable hour of going over dreary details and bewildering accounts with Lawler. The Circle V was not making enough to cover operating exponses and the interest on a burden of debt.
This was the story again, leaving Virginia depressed and dispirited, and glad to see Lawler leave. She called back to Ling that she was going to see Joey, and walked slowly toward the horse corral.
(To Re Continued)
T
brutal, abominable! Mow dared be say that she was not loyal to her father's memory?
A shirker . . . The land Matt Blair had labored and fought for. The words spun around in her head - - around and around, endlessly persistent.
Over ...... was
would bring Marie, the maid that sIim and her aunt shared between them. Marie would pack for her swiftly, if she really decided to go
They’re So Convenient
Wherever
yOU 9°
?
A
A
L
B
• • •


K
L
&

r9.
S

L

E



the bell that

By SADIE B. CHAMBERS

z«
i
SEASONAL PIES AND OTHER
SWEETS
Variety in desserts seems to increase almost daily as we are b*-ing offered all the gelatine and lovely creamy dishes, not forgetting rhe fresh fruits marching right along. However, there is a dessert that the homemaker can be sure will be popular with all members of her family, as well as the guests —and that is the incomparable pie.
Karly fruits and maple syrup ail add 7*st for appetizing concoctions —so try these:
TEA BAGS

?


“Mûrie, I want you to pack these
, i
GOING west to morrow
She looked up from the reckless hurling of silken garments. It was not Marie but Anna who stood in the door.
“Mr. Stanley Bradish is below. Miss Virginia."
Virginia remembered. Stanley had wanted her to go out on the yacht with him before the other guests arrived.
"Oh! Tell him I’m sorry, but 1 s can’t go."
Mrs. Archer was coming down the hall. She. interposed quickly.
“Surely you can get ready, darling. It's only a little early. IT! send Marie to you right away.”
"No. thanks, Aunt Adele.
Ml him I'm sorry. Anna, hut Î can't come at all. I ll write him and ex-
A Window

¦
HILLS of DESTINY
Pm glad ( have a window
Beside my desk, where I
Can catch a glimpse of gilded clouds
That chance to wander by,
And pay with silver seconds For day dreams drifting high.
—Beartice E. God by.
— Wrigley’s Spearmint Cum
is the favorite! Millions enjoy its long-lasting, genuine spearmint flavor. Healthful, delicious, refreshing! C.et the good habit of enjoying it after every meal!
by Agnes Louise Provost
come to l ike you liom*\ Virginia.
“Oh. no! startled mid drew back.
“Why not?" he asked bluntly.
“It doesn't need rue!" She shook
»
her head vehemently. “It needs father, and Iio'h gone. What do I know of ranches and cattle?’’
“You’ll learn, and you’ll have friends to help you. I can tell you some things about the Circle V light now. I don't think you ran I possibly know about them, or you'd I never let them go on."	I
There w;«s a shade of annoyance I In the lift of Virginia’s delicate eye- I brows.
«SYNOPSIS
Lee Hollister, returning une* pectedly from a trip abroad to the Circle V ranch, his home from his childhood, is troubled by signs of neglect. He is upset too, when he meets Slant/ Cano, a trouble ma ker whom Mitt Blair, owner of the ranch had run off the land in times past. Slant/ is now manager for the old Ccballos place. Joey, prospector befriended by Matt, breaks the news that Matt is dead; he had killed himself. Joey 6ays the ranch i to ruin under Lawler, man-appointed by Virginia. Matt’s
living in New York with her aunt and uncle. Les goes east to get her.
-She looked faintly
» M
RHUBARB PIE
4 A rhubarb pie to be perfect must have top crust," declares one
o? the critics
3 tablespoons quick-cooking tapioca
PLAYSUIT AND SKIRT
so here we are:

For Young Girls
•*2H
r>
Just
1 cup sugar
One-third cup currant jelly 14 teaspoon salt

\
4#

r.
ït
Lü
14 teaspoon cream
rhubarb cut iu small
plain.’

\
Virginia, what can you be think-
3*3 cups
GET SOME TODAY !
I

pieces
1 tablespoon butter pastry for two crust pie (9
inches)
lug of!"
Virginia's hands clenched at her sides. The tears still shone on her lashes. “I'm going west tomorrow, fye got to. Rtease don’t ask me to talk about it.”
if going

L I
I
1
*4 V,
ager
daughter, who is

I
%
SPONGECAKE WAFFLES WITH STRAWBERRIES As strawberries seem to be the topic, try this recipe too and I am sure it will create the desire for more.
X cup cake flour 1 teaspoon baking powder H teaspoon salt.
3 eggs 1 cup sugar 1 teaspoon nutmeg 14 cup cold water i/4 teaspoon lemon extract 3 tablespoons melted butter 1 pint strawberries sliced One-third cup powdered sugar Sift flour, baking powder and salt, and nutmeg together. Beat the eggs light and thick as possible. Add sgar to eggs, a little at the time. Beat until sugar is almost dissolved. Add water to this mixture by the teaspoons, beating after each addition. Flavor with lemon extract. Sift dry ingredients over the egg mixture a little at a time, folding in, so to speak.
Beat in melted butter, just beat a little better to fold in butter too. Have waffle iron ready a medium heat. This recipe calls for having the iron well oiled, more than for he ordinary waffle. When baked, remove with fork. Place on racks to cool and to become crisp. Cut in quarters and serve in shortcake fashion. Have the berries prepared and sugared an hour before. The recipe makes four waffles. An addition of whipped cream 011 top just “tops” everything.
1 HI
Va
9
1 teaspoon sugar
Mix together the quick cooking tapioca, sugar, currant jelly and salt. Add rhubarb finely cut. Allow to stand 20 minutes while the pastry is being prepared.
Line the pie plate (l prefer glass for the acid pies) with rolled pastry rolled one-eighth inch thick. Fill pie shell with the rhubarb mixture, dot with butter. Adjust the top pie crust over the rhubarb. Brush the top crust with cream and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon sugar. Bake about 50 minutes «In hot oven for 15 minutes. then reduce the heat until crust is nicely browned and fruit is cooked. Serve pie hot, but cool just slightly so it will be a little less juicy.
y//
TH K SAME LEE “You’re just tli** saine Lee. iren't you ? All right, lei's sit down and g*»t it over. What am i to lie scold -ed ihoiit ?"
Tim light tone warned him that Virginia didn't mean to be scolded at all. and lie grinned back at her. Virginia hadn’t changed much. He leaned forward and began to tell lier of the conditions that he bad
1/

*

The days and nights on a transcontinental train were monotonous, but they gave Virginia time for thought. Her first anger at T»e had dwindled and receded as a clear little brook returns to its banks after a freshet. She was coming back, not to obey Lee Hollister’s high handed commands, show him that lie was wrong. After that she would do as she pleased with her cn properly.
At Saunders I^awler was there to meet uer. so was Curly, sun burned and grinning, waiting to take her cheeks and help pack her hand baggage into the old car that had been good enough for Matt while Virginia was away.
Only once did Lawler, a lank, bigboned man with pale eyes and a «haggling mustache, proffer a remark of any moment. They were jolting over a peculiarly atrocious bit of road.
“Bad goin'.” he Jerked, “i hope the millionaire that’s buyln* your place will 9.x up this road."
T haven’t sold yet,” «he replied
CHAPTER IV
how nstans Leo looked critically around the room into which the maid had reluctantly shown him. Everything spoke eloquently of well served ease and expensive Idleness. Not at home. He was certain that she was and lie meant to stay until he saw lier. He station* d hiniwelf at a window looking out on the seuil-circular drive.
‘Making sure that I don't run sway?’
He swung about quickly not taking chances.” lie drawled.
Outlined against the dull blue hangings he saw a slim and lovely figure, a girl with hair of burnished copper, dark-lashed eyes of the clearest gray and a vivid mouth.
She met him with both hands Out. impulsively.
I had just come in." she explained confidentially, “and told Anna that I wouldn't see anybody” Her mouth dropped suddenly. “Oh, J*ee, I haven’t se*»u you since It happen
7
1
l
but to
found at the Circle V.
“I know it needs your father,” he finished, “but Matt is gone, and It's your responsibility now. The Circle V limits somebody with a real interest, and not a shiftless loafer who either can’t or won’t see that he is running it into the ground.”
Virginia was angry
!
I
/

t
I
-v

• •
I was
i
“Really
and hurt. “I employed Mr. Lawler on the advice of my friends and see no reason to question either their motives or his. However, It scarcely matters. I have a good offer for tlie place and I expect to sell. I suppose that you will at least concede my right to dispose of miy own property ?”
“Absolutely. Rut I have a right as Matt's friend to fell you that your loyalty to him can’t amount to much if in a few months you can throw aside the work of his lifetime, the land he labored and fought for. and loved better than anything on earth, except you.”
He heard her quick gasp
“And you’re going to sell him out for a little pocket money
His brief gesture contempt-
I ••
s
O
MAPLE SYRUP PIE
One and one-third cups condensed milk (sweetenedt Two-thirds cup maple syrup 14 cup chopped pecan nuts % teaspoon salt 14 cup whipping cream 2 tablespoons granulated sugar and baked pie crust.
The milk and syrup should be boiled 4 minutes, cooled. To this add half of the pecans and salt. Pour into crust, cover with whipped cream and sprinkle with nuts.
STRAWBERRY AND CREAM CHEESE PIE
\
f

9*
3226
1
X
IZE5 6 - t<e

ed

"I didn't know anything about it, 01 I'd have «Mût» before this. I’ve
coidl>
Br LOUISE LENNOX
A playsuit is indispensable for vacation days whether or not you go in for sports seriously. The suit is «Ait in one piece so that the blouse and shorts won't separate. The blouse has yokes front and back and the shorts are pleated to give plenty of freedom of action. She can button on the skirt in the wink of an eye. Make it of hardy seersucker in fresh candy stripes.
Style No. 3226 is designed for sizes 6, 8, 10, 12 and 14. Size 8 requires 2 yards of 35 inch material. for playsuit; 1 yards 35 inch for skirt.
Send FIFTEEN CENTS (15c), (Coin is preferred) for PATTERN to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly NAME, ADDRESS AND STYLE NUMBER. BE SURE TO STATE SIZE YOU WISH.
Vacation plans call for wardrobe plans. Select your Summer Clothes from over 100 of the newest styles shown in the Summer Fashion Book. The right colors and styles for your type are shown in full color. Send for your copy today! The price is 15 cents.
"Oh. I thought you was goin* to." A glaze seemed to have come over
1

1
Lawler's pale eyes.
BACK AT THE RANCH
She did not reply, and they rattled and lurched on. The foot hills were opening up before they dived suddenly from prisma tic brilliance into shadow, then climbed again, through a narrow defile to a suddenly widening sweep, into the Valley of the Sun. Up there was the old ranch house and. on the porch, hobbling excitedly on rheumatic feet, a little, wizened old man.	'
"1 k no wed ye’d come bark. Honey! I k no wed it! There, there!" For a proud young head that bowed for no one had dropped suddenly against Joey’s deplorable flannel shirt. "There, there." Joey crooned. "You'll be glad ye've come. It’s been awful lonesome without ye. If that ornery young nuisance of a Lee Hollister hadn't come pesterin' around again. I'd have gone plumb out of my head.”
The moment of abandon was very brief. She raised her head.
"Oh. is l«ee here?"
•‘Well, he ain't exactly here, but he drops in on me now and then."
Joev shot a shrewd glance at her hut Virginia made no comment. Lawler, for the moment disregarded, had come lip with her bags and was Evidently waiting to go In with her. 'She dismissed him carelessly. "Thanks, Lawler. You may leave the bags here; Ling will look after them."
She left hint, glowering and discomfited while she greeted Ling, Joey followed the manager with a malicious glee.
"Pretty flue to have the boss back, ain't it?" he asked slyly.
Baked pie shell (9 inchest
1 package of white cream cheese 2\t tablespoons cream
1	quart strawberries \ cup sugar
2	tablespoons cornstarch Pineapple juice
Blend the cream with the cheese until soft and smooth. With a spatula spread the softened cheese over the bottom of the pie shell. Chill. Wash, hull and prepare straw’berries. Select a pint of berries, slice them. Mash the rest of the berries, add the sugar and let stand until juicy. Rub the mashed berries all through a sieve until the liquid is extracted. Mix this juice and cornstarch to a smooth paste and add pineapple juice to make 1% cups of liquid. Cook this mixture until smooth (over moderate heat). It must be thick and transparent. Stir constantly to prevent formation of lumps. Cool and pour half of it over the cream cheese in the pie shell. Arrange the sliced strawberries in the sauce. Pour the remaining sauce over the berries and chill. Cover with a layer of whipped errant if desired.
/
v
/
t h em ;
¦SSS
foi
» '»
this
uously indicated the room, the house, all of her life here the best you can do for him. after all that he sacrificed for you."
‘Oh. you're intolerable!

hat's
ttn
\
READERS. WRITE IN!
Mis» Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and s ready to listen to your pet peeves.” Requests for recipes or special menus are in order. Address your letters to “Miss Sadie B. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto."
re.
¦ ik-
PH
to

* t*
33
Her
eyed blazed; she spoke in a breathless, unnatural way. may have done, or failed to do. is between my father and myself."
•‘All right," he said laconically. “1 see ! was mistaken. Mistaken In you. Bi;t before I go I want to give you one question to ask yourself. Why is It that the Circle V, one of the best ranches in the state, should he going to pieces now. just when somebody else wants to get possession of it? I'm going back to find the answer, If you won't. So
t "
%

Whatever



/
ma
SB
YOUR
If the soup is very fat ami greasy and there is no time to cool it and skim off the grease, strain, re-heat and then pour through a clean white cloth wrung out of cold water. This has the effect of coagulating the fat arid preventing the thick grease from getting through.
NAVI YOU
EVER MAO<
BUTTERSCOTCH BISCUITS?
• It's one of tkt amazingly delightful recipe* given in this new Recipe Book . . . "52 Baking Secret*". . . created by Mr*. H. M. Aitken, Famous Cooking Authority .
Starch Home Service Department.
Here * a real gold mine of the simplest, most delicious recipes for Hot Breads. Cookies, Biscuits, Meats, Fish mnd many other types of foods. Write now for this FREE Recipe Book. Send your request, with a label from any Canada Starch product, to Canada Starch Home Service, Dept. Ill -19 Wellington St. E ,Toronto.
good-bye."
He turned with-a brief nod. not waiting for a reply, and went
e/e u out.
and issued by the Canada
WAS SHE A SHIRKER?
As the outer door closed after him he pauses! with a deep, releasing breath and a frown for his own bot-lieadednees.
A car flashed into the drive and a young man stepped out. The new comer looked with casual interest at the man who had just come out, at the straight figure, the readymade suit, the bronzed face — weather bronze, not sunbath tan— Htnall things that stamped him as an outlantier and an alien here. Lee returned the glance with a brief stare. Unconsciously, Involuntarily, it was a measuring glance on both sides. Each would know the other
ISSUE NO. 22—40
B
a
fOR SETTER COOKING «SUITS
insist on CANADA CORN STARCH
This breakfast
THE CANADA STARCH COMPANY LIMITED
SPEAKS FOR ITSELF!










Slow Burning
CIGARETTE PAPERS
The afternoon bad been long, Virginia had worked energetically, setting herself to unaccustomed tasks. In the midst of unpacking there

again.
In lier own room Virginia hurled from her the dress that she had chosen so carefully. Lee had been

NONE FINER MADE
DOUBLE t'i'oottllc 5
DAO LINDS an EAR! The moment he pours on the milk or cream, he hears Rice Krispies chattering to him with their merry crackle-pop-snap. They just beg to be eaten. So downright crisp—and they stay crisp to the very last spoonful !

»1* l !



k




New thousands now demand POP-CRACKtE-SNAP chorus daily!
», A r
A
.V

.

3 f ' > • %
A
m
$


K

¦i
= 4


<t\

m t

All over Canada, children and grownups listen e77vy morning to the cheery song of crispness. Breakfasts are gayer when golden-brown Rice Krispies tumble into family cereal bowls! Tests show that Rice Krispies stay floating for hours in milk or cream.
Rice Krispies’' is the trade-mark of the Kellogg Company of Canada, Limited, for its delicious brand of oven-flopped rice. Order several packages tomorrow. Made by Kellogg's in London, Canada.

Æ

\ m
'
m
%
n xvi

m.
*E

¦V
wi
&
F.R|
:

£

• *



L ^
tSV /

1
###PAGE###8###
O

House and Lots For Sale
Notice of Meeting1
Cemetery Memorials
Attractive'New Designs in Granite and Marble
House with electric lights kitchen and large
Eight Room
woodshed, ’» «uU stable and hen house. 3 Town Lots, No. 1.14, l.lh and UO. in the Village of Campbell s B-iy.
Apply to
MRS. ED. GIBSON,
Work Supplies for
MEN
Before Buying1 Elsewhere
Campbell’s Bay, Que.
Get Our Prices
A large and distinctive Stock to choos from
fawn and blue covert
Work Shirts
cloth, sizes 14^ to 17
95 cts.
County L. O L.
blue denim, copper
Pant Overalls
rivets, good quality
Pheno. 278
$1.35
geo. h. FROATS & SONS
248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Pontiac County L O.L. will hold its semi annual meeting at Char-tens Lodge room on Tuesday afternoon, June 4th, at oneo clock. A good representation from each Lodge is requested.
Rexford Wilson,
County Master.
• ft
>>, $
doesthetrick/ Sr
Several makes to
Work Boots
choose from
Balbriggan Combinations
36 to 4...............
$2.95 to $5.00
Norval Kilgour
Sec’ty
Sizes
Mrs William Craig
Men Wanted by Navy
75 cts. 25 cts.
Dry Cleaners call here every Wednesday
- and Saturday ____________
Norris B. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43	__________
At her home. Wyman. Que., on
l*TUe late Mm. Craig has been in
Sl Sheh'ved all her lifetime in the community in which she died.
EE'ÎE WBk
K5S
e. She is also	,
one sister (Rachel) Mrs A. L. Me -, j Arthur, of Niagara halts, Ont. ( j The funeral was held on Sunday
Canada Builds Defences	, ferred but particularly well quail-
\ About 250 sepnmte construction fled men up tow may be accepted.
; projects are at present under way	__	_	—
:	in Canada, including coastal de-
'
boms and waterways.
In the past, entrance into the Royal Canadian Navy has been restricted to youth, but now
chance for those of raa The middleaged man service with the Navy
Ask your neighbors wh»t Brny Chicks did tor them. Then see me for prices and delivery dates.
C. Harold Boulton
Bristol Egg & Poultry Association BRISTOL
80-Year-Old Gunsmith
Still Busy at His Trade
Harry Pope of New York, venerable maker of some of the world’s finest guns, spends much of his precious time discouraging would-be
clients.	,	. , .
Pope is 80 years old, his eyesight
is failing and his left hand, because of a torn tendon, has lost much of its cunning. But his right hand still s true and in a littered loft building whose location he refuses to pubii-Pope makes guns of such fine quality that second-hand weapons Dearing his mark often sell for moi e
guns with fancy, engraved
Work Socks
comes a
turer years, can now see providing he meets the necessary
physical requirements and has had Marine. Kngine Room or Stock hold experience.
It has been said that the Royal Canadian Navy can be likened to a select club because of the long waiting list and difficult entrance requirements. Hut the gieat ex*
of the Naval Force is
The
Renfrew
QUEBEC

5 changing such conditions.
t vessels under construction
i, and in particular,
rf¥£. !	srs
.utter class, if accepted, will be made Petty Officers with the pay Quyon ‘and allowances of rank. Those m-terested should communicate dir
i Naval Secretary, ttiiivn. nnil should
jize
ftîi^ntRCHA
¦^¦¦É^BUAUTV
Bicycle Agency
burnt
ban new
--	, « l stocks.
I wish to announce that I “ave Qnce Pope turned out 50 gun bai received the agency for	eIs a year Now his output is near-
Bicvcles and am in a position to 20 but each one is accurate down do ail kinds of Bicycle repairs, I the thousandth of an inch. Only re string tennis racquets, a nil j few mills in the country make the ' general repair work, at .reason-qualitv steel he requires and
able prices.	'	™ ~ te buys it in lengths which are mul-
New Bicycles from $32.00 to $os.7o. ip,e3 of 31 inches, the size of a gun
HERB SPERBKRG,	carrel.
Ring Street,	Pope got into the gun business 00
Shawville, Que, [ years ago when he wanted a‘ -25‘ca“‘
ber gun, then unheard of. He mode
----„	,	. +AA	I t himself and so accurate was it
Hunters Spend About $44	that he shot 98 out of lOO three-inch
,...
Mrs Peter Dumas entertained induced hunters t0	n?XL. hand and which he considers price-
BiFSFHE S&jsî
ssssr "od "7" r"
P The president, Mrs \V. J. Tin- kept by Leo D. Quackenbush forest I ^ ^ sell for a low figure five years dean opened the meeting with a ranger_ who found that 9,500 hunters be{ore Ford started production, prayer for peace, and the minnt®5 visited the Oregon forest last hunt-	the idea for lack of capital.
s&œra.’sasJ I
êsiisipisfëp
dred Hannaberry. In the evening bucks worth only $28,500, there is euchre was played, the prize being indication that the hunters thoug \ won by Mrs. Patrick Gallagher. they spent too much for their sport.
The ladies were invited to noin Ranger Quackenbush estimated
their next meeting at the home of [hat the 9 500 hunters averaged
Mrs. Gallagher on Ihuisday, three pcr car and that the cars
June 13th.	traveled an average of 300 miles go-
ing to and from the hunting grounds.
[t is estimated that the 3,166 cars averaged approximately $6 worth of gasoline and oil on the hunting trip,
3 total of $18,996.
The expenditures for ammuni-• j and equipment were rounded at about $22,800. Incidental ex-
estimated at $14,250.
Shawville Fair To Be Held
,11 IMt STAHOARPOi
ÎL
i-ëssi
ÜIESf
For Topmost Tire Volvo,
5ee
J. L Hodgins
Shaw/illa, Qj3.
•1,1
•f *




Right Canadian plants are at
iSiltii llSISi
! ment of Nutionnl Defence receives shells.
I from the district officers command! inn nominations of certain units.
These are gone over carefully t>y	Production Expanded
the Department to insure satis- riaue	-
factory legional distribution oi j The production of airplanes in
ISslisigsiis—
up to strength.	1
T-ll



•* • •

He
«5§S


$0Sft‘sa9,*Ur HAHDLES/^^ climbs



£
V
no
*>OoÀ


l A
X.



Ofis
vs


w

/'

liVe


gag

\
j


Mrs. John McVeigh Dies in Her 82nd Year
• I
v
# *
$0*0^ »
». Z
or a
\P

The death occurred on Saturday, May 25th, of Mrs. John McVeigh, at the home of her daughter. Mi < Alphonse Cahill. Grand Calumet Island. A member ot one of the pioneer families, she was horn on Allumette I-land almo-t s- > e.u -daughter of the late Lukfraud hiy wife, Susan



V/
¦ta

tion
J


penses were No estimate was made of the purchase of red hats and shirts and other incidental hunting equipment. Resident hunting licenses at S3 for each hunter yielded a total of $28,000 for the state.
«58
:¦,
m.



- .
ago, a O'Connor
Moorhead.
rank IM.i,.
band^John McVeigh, predeceased Guantanamo Naval Base
HE
Rev. J. Sullivan. Bristol, navy the Guantanamo base is espe-
was deacon, Rev. A. Archambault, Lially significant. Situated on the
Portage du Fort, sub deacon. Bev. south shore of the far eastern end
J. L. Enright preached the sermon, iQf Cuba> jt controls the vital sea
Interment war made in the Roman )anc between Cuba and Haiti, which Catholic cemetery, Grand Calumet links north Atlantic and Caribbean
Mint ha McVeigh, Cleveland, Ohio; milianty with the area, due to an-Mis David Clarke, Moorhead ; nual target practice maneuveis Mrs. Thomas Stanton, Quyon. and thereabouts. Guantanamo is, in four step son*. Jame* McVeigh, fact, a sort of winter home tor a Schumacher ; John McVeigh, Ren- considerable part of the United : Austin McVeigh.|W inmpeg; gfates navy that is in the Atlantic, ami Thomas McVeigh, Red Lake ;| Guantanamo bay came into Amer* two si-ter*. Mrs. Peter Smith. ot jcan hands after the Spanish-Ameii* Pertli ; Miss Sti-ie U Connor, ul can war of 1093 vvben United States Boston, Mh**.: two brothers, Alex marines were landed there for ac*
&T5ÆW a »... : “
fought off Spanish siege for several days, until reinforcements finally gave them control of the area. In ___	the early 1900s land on both sides
iiSSmll*
s*

¦


J* mm
twice married.
rîjMj



iiaiiii t>~rir
iiiNi
;
• a	. J a
m

Wi
Illustrated: Chevrolet Special De Luxe
Sport Sedan.
/

MB?
And that's what we call
was mass.
such lively, nimble, easy-riding, easy-guiding performance ns you’ve always dreamed of enjoying.
What price Chevrolet performance? Why, the very
bought smile-a-minutc miles
why Chevrolet
THERE are a good many reasons is the big popular choice. Among lowest-priced cars, it’s the longest of the lot—from front of grille to rear of body...and, most people think, the loveliest.
Power Shift, that does 80'/r of the
feature no buyer
lowest price that ever
hour. Because gas and oil economy is one
outstanding features of this greatest of all
of
per
the most Chevrolets.
Its new Vacuum
work of gearshifting for you, is a
can overlook.
Five features combine to give you what has just
naturally been called the “Ride Royal’’*.
And, on top'bf all these, there is its performance-
and he enthusiastic
Eye it ...Try it ...Buy it
over the most satisfying value ever bought at a
low ;	• On Special De Luxe Models.
price so
C-422B


fiew
#
Canadian Factories Busy
L. HODGINS
JOHN
Quebec
Shawville
for the u„ of the fieet.
Munitions and Supply.
