###PAGE###1###
¦
tvm
v>

$1.50 pep annum in Advance 2.00 to the Unite estates
I
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, APRIL 11 1940
No. 42, 57ru Year
War Situation Grave
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
BORN
Dr. II. O. Docks was unable to reHume his dental practice this week, bnt expects to be at his
8lmwville office on Tuesday, April Qgpman Troops Invade
10tl1'	Denmark aqd Norway
The European war grew to grave and large proportions on Tuesday when German troops invaded neutral Norway and Denmark in a lightning move which Germany said was for the protection ol those conn trie® against the Allies.
Denmark did not resist the invasion, hut Norway decided to fight, and the Government ha-ordered a full mobilization ol troop® and was immediately given a guarantee of full aid from the Allien
Sweedlsh iron ore, moving down the Norwegian coastal waters to Germany, was the smoldering fuse which set off the bombshell and gave the Allies at last their long sought flanking position against Germany.
It was stated that naval actions were in progress between German and British units but no details were given out by the war office.
Shawville Hardware
At Ottawa Civic Hospital, on Monday, April 1st, 1910. to Mr. ind. Mrs. .1 Pedan Wilson, of Shawville, Que., (nee Ivy Millar) a son—stillborn.
Shawville Badminton Club will hold il mixed dance in Wilson’s Hull, on Friday night, May 3rd. Keep the date in mind.
Auction Salk—At one o’clock, Saturday, April 20, Thorn. F. Burgess, auctioneer of Cobden, Ont., will hold a public sale of horse®, cattle, farm implements, house* hold effects at the farm of the late Frank B, Morrison. Zion section, Clarendon*
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
g
ihe Çenuine
ENGAGEMENT
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
Shekw/n - Williams B J
emi-mstre
O Brif.v-Fokbs
Mr. and Mrs.
Gannnoque, Ont., announce the engagement of their eldest daughter Eleanor to Alexander Brome Pokes, of Gananoque. son of Rev. A. F. and Mrs. Pokes, of Shawville, The marriage is to take place the latter part of April.
J. O'Brien, of
W. E. COWLING President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
SATIN - ENAMEL
Entries lor Farm and Home Beautification Received up to Tuesday, April 30th
Entries ma
Farm and L
Endeavor up to April 30th. project is sponsored by the Women’s Institutes of Pontiac County and it is hoped there will a large number of entries this year.
C, Q. I T to Observe 25th Anniversary
The C O. I. T. of the Shawville United Church are observing the 25th anniversary of the Canadian Girls In Training from May 12th fro 17th. Please keep in mind the following dates : Tuesday, 14th— Mystery Mother*' Tea ; Friday, 17th — Mothers' ami Daughters' Banquet. Special C G. I. T. service® in the United Church on Sunday night, May 12th. Shirley Sly, Secretary.
Clarence Dean Wins Highest Award in Short Course
The sensational washable satin enamel for walls, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other stains wash off with soap and water. We have a full selection of the lovely paste! shades.
JAMES A. MILLAR
i
t
Dunlop—Gordon
The engagement is announced of Elsie Edith Dunlop, youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George V. Dunlop, of Campbell's Bay, Que, to Mr James Cecil Gordon, of Copper Cliff. Out., only son of Mrs. Jas.C. Gordon and the late Mr. Gordon, of Wyman, Que.
Marriage to take place the lattei part of April.
BA L L. L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’» Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
n be made in the orae Beautification
This
ll
23

See our distinctive
Wall Papers
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
PERSONAL MENTION
Hugh G.HYonng, Prominent Bristol Farmer, Died on Sunday
Mrs Wynn Dickson, of Montreal is visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. it G. Hudgins, this week.
Miss Evelyn Dale left Monday to accept a position on the nursing staff of Grace Hospital. Ottawa
Pte's Borden Corrigan, Carman Morrison and Ned Stark, of the Cameron Highlanders, Ottawa, wer& recent visitors at their respective homes here.
Miss Mae Lathem and Mrs Cha®. Rudd, of Ottawa, were recent guests at the home of the former’s
Mr. and Mrs. Hiram at Caldwell
Miss Hevei ley Masson who has completed a commercial course in Montreal has returned to her home in town. She was accompanied home by her sister. Sheila Masson, who remained toi the week end.
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shawville. Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Mr. Hugh G. Young, a life long resident and one of Bristol townships be®t known and most prominent farmers died at his home on Sunday morning, in his 66th year.
The late Mr. Young had been in poor health for over three years, the remit of a severe head injury when he tell down the hay-chute in his barn.
Born on the home-dead, where ho spent all his life, he was the of the late Mr. and Mrs. John Thirty-nine years ago he led Mi®s Margaret Macfa rlane,
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
U
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
: Campbell’s Bay, Que. ; (In Lawn Block)
Office
Spring Footwear
The annual sdiort course in agriculture, conducted all last week by Pontiac Agricultural Society in charge of the local agronomist, N\ A. Drummond, came to a social'* (inclusion on Friday night with a capacity attendance for the public meeting in the Theatre
Hall.	. T r.
The guest speaker was 1 >r. J. h hat timer, head of the Dept, of Economics, Macdonald College, and other speakers were, H C. Iloxvat, who delivered a timely and interesting address on the fhh and game situation in Pontiac and it® relationship to tomi-t trade ; It. P. Hides and John R Mcl )oxvell.
A feature of tin program wjis a lively debate on Trucking vs. Railway Service. The affirmative, taken by Clarence Dean and Lee ilodgin®, gained tlue judges de vision over U. Eadesand E. Horner on the negative side Other items, winch were much enjoyed by the large audience, were solos by Miss Kay Woodley, accompanied by Edgar Ilodgin®, and ntnuer-elevtions by Shawville Bo" ' Band, under the leadership of II. Frnhiyflon.
Average attendance throughout the couv®e xvas 03. while approximately 600 attended the evening meeting®. Lectures and demonstrations during the course were given by Macdonald Quebec.
Clarence Dean, with a score of 720 out of a possible 1U0O won the agronomists cup ami nho the Shawville Milling Co , trophy for seed judging. The runner up was Lee Ilodgin® with a« score i f 706, who won the Shawville Creamery Cup for live stock .judging and the T Eaton Co. prize, a beautiful silver comport. Third in the contest was Oliver Bean, with 685 points, who xvon a handsome fountain pen donated by the Robert Simpson Co.
A complete list of prize winners will he found elsewhere in this issue.
j>a rents,
La them, .
son Young
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A.', L.L.B
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
man am#	. ,
of Clarendon, who survives with
five children, namely, Claude, on the home®tead ; John, of_Toronto;
M i
Mrs. Harold Hendei®on, of Carle-Place, and Miss Margaret
^	_ ppp . Young, of Ottawa ; four brothers,
John, of Westb >rr> ; Alex . of Prizes Awarded at Closing of Smiths Falls ; Dr. Divid, of Neu-
1	stadt, Ont, ami Dr. Tlios
.	.	----.	,	Sudbury, and two sister®, ------
The closing meeting of Shaw- Andrew Russell and Mi-s Jean ville Ladies’ Curling Club was held , Young, of Biistol. in the club room on Friday after- j Mr. Young has been prominent with a good attendance of (in municipal life for a number of members and the president, Mrs Uears, being councillor and then Edgar Hodgins, in the chair. The | may(„. 0f the Township of Bristol, treasurer i epoi ted a successful j |je xVas f0r many ycai ® a director,
year.	» ami for several terms president of
Officers elected for next season pontmc Agricultural Society, 1 were as follows	i lie was known throughout the
Hon.-president, Mrs. J. H Ste-jdi®tiiut a® a leading breeder of wart ; president, Mrs Edgar Hod Clydesdale lior®es. He was for gin® ; vice president, Mrs. El wood j year9 on the directorate of the Cameron ; sec treasurer, Mrs J. j>(mtiac Rmal Telephone Co , and
Gordon	i also a Justice of the Peace.
Executive— Miss W. McDowell ; j In religion he was a member and Mrs. R. G. Hodginsand Miss Irene elder of the Presbyterian church. Simxv.	! and afterwards‘of St Andrew’s
Social committee - Mrs. XV m. United church at Bristol which lie Gibson, convener, Mrs. T. Shore, ,^presented for several years at Mrs. N. Drummond, Mrs. U. J. | the sessions of the Ottawa Pres-Caldwell. Mrs. M. Hudgins ami ûytery Miss M. Strutt.	'	*
Match committee — Mrs A D.
McCredie, Mrs G. Paul and Mrs.
A. G. Brough
Audi tins — Mrs. N. Drummond and Mrs. L. Dale.
Prizes won during the season were presented to the following: -Winners of schedule, Mrs. E.t• skine Hodgins, Mrs J. Gordon,
Miss M. Strutt, Mrs. R. G, Hodgins, skip.
Consolation, Miss I. Brownlee,
Mrs. A. Proud foot,
Caldwell. Mrs. C. MacLean, skip G. F. Hodgins’ Trophy, Mrs. L.
Dale, Mrs. U. G. Hodgins, Mrs A. I). McCredie. Mrs. \V. Gibson skip.
Prizes donated by the p Mrs. G Paul, Mrs. A Pi Mrs. T. Shore, Mrs. M. Hodgins,
skip.
Prizes donated by Mrs C. MacLean for doubles, Miss I. Blown* lee, Miss 1.81mw, Mrs. N. Drummond, Miss M. Strutt.
Holders of Club pins, Miss I.
Slrnxv, Miss E Cameron, Miss M Strutt, Mrs R. G Hodgins, skip.
At the close of the meeting tea was served.
t •
Ladies’ flew Spring Shoes
ce'-
R H. Cor ran, of Toronto :
Mi
MA
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with by:corre>pondence
ton
Smart 1940 Styles and Popular Prices
Patent trimmed Gore Pumps, Cutout lace front styles, Suede trimmed strap numbers, Tie Oxfords, etc
i
Ladies' Curling Club
G\, of
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-2219
Mrs

&

189 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC

noon
3ll36

js
-
‘S
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’sRay
every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4,30 p.m.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m.
$2.50 and $2 95

D. J. CAMBPELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
*•>
School Girls’ Oxfords
Rugged Hardwearing Brogues with plenty of
Brown or Black $1.95 and $2.95
m
Mrs.
OHS s


tv.

Phone 3 I.
!
II
styles.
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
In the Presbyterian Church lie was for years ®tipet internment of the Sunday School, am) in the United Church a teacher of a Sunday School clas®. a member of the choir and an officer of the Bible Society.
The funeral was held on Tuesday afternoon front the late home to St. Andrew's United* Church Service was conducted by the pastor, Rev. C. Armstrong Sales, who was assisted by Rev. R. D. Smith, of Ottawa.
Interment was made at Norway
The pill-bearer® Messrs. William Graham,
Roy Muefnrlane, Robt. J Cutlibei tson, John N. and Roland Rttvsell.
Dental Surgeon
agriculturalists front College, Ottawa and
Graduate of MeGill University
Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell’s Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week

Mens’ Worl\ Boots
When buying work boots choose the makes which have been proven to give satisfaction


Mrs. C. J
both in long wear and lasting comfort, have a good range of the following lines
JOHN PALMER SISMAN SHOES
We
Dp. R.E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
Bay cemetery, were,
Norman I)ud®,
609 Drummond Medical Building
GREB SHOE CO.,
FOURNIER SHOE CO
WILLIAMS SHOES.
resident, rond foot,
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE. PLATEAU 6 3 8 8
•t
Dr. Hyndman, Member elect Dies Suddenly
Stiicken with an acute heart attack; just as he was arising at his home, at Carp, Ont., about nine o'clock Tuesday morning, Dr. A. B. Hyndman, Member of Parliament for Carleton County since 1035, and a man who was as widely know for‘his many fine traits of character as for his outstanding record in oublie and professional life, passed away almost immediately. He was in his fiftieth year:
He is survived by his wife, two daughters and his mother.
Curlers Hold Closing Meeting
0%. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
The annual meeting of Shawville Men's Curling Club was held in the clubroom on Thursday night with a good attendance of mem her*. The secretary-treasurer reported a pro®permis year with a good financial balance on the year's activities.
The election of office:s resulted as follows President, G ti. McDowell ; vice president, Dr. 8 K. McDowell ; secretary-treasurer, H. M. Turner ; ice committee, con, Gordon Paul ; match committee, C H MacLean, A. and Gordon Paul.
A vote of thanks was extended toIV. A HodginV Store, for the gift to the clnbroom of an electric clock.
Prizes were presented to the various winners as follows Club championship shield — Reuben Smith, M. Blakely, B C Horner, A, I>. McCredie, skip. Runners up prize, W. H Elliott, Manson McDowell, Lawrence Wilson, G. Tr Paul, skip.
Winners of mixed bonspiel, Mrs. 0. E Hodgins, Leslie Dale. Mrs. L. H. Caldwell, Graham Spence, skip. Special bonspiel—Graham Spence, Reuben Smith, Basil Foreman, H. C. Rowat, skip.
A*

See Our Big Special Work Boot by Sisman
Full Grain Leather, heavy tap sole,
rubber heel.
BELAID 3 257
ISMAN’S
Degree Conferred
At the recent Convocation held at St. Stephen's College, Edmonton, Alta., the degree of Doctor of Divinity was conferred on Rev. J. M. Pritchard, B.A., B.D., of South minster Church, Lethbridge, Alta Mr. Pritchard is a son of Mrs. Thompson and the late Mr. James M. Pritchard, of XVyman, Bristol.
H. K. NEILSON, WI.D.
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS 8 1 80 METCALFE
Ac
2

1
D. MeCredie
\
$300
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
ONT.
OTTAWA.
Special at
PHONE, 2-7961
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
OTTAWA. ONTARIO

morning in the a beautiful silver
On Sunday United Church jardiniere, a gLt to the church by Miss Winnifred A. McDowell in memory of her grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Wm. G. McDowell, dedicated by the pastor, The first flowers it held was a bouquet of narcissi, lilies and tulips placed there in m James W op April 7,103V.
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
1
was
Shawville
Quebec
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINA Y IONS
Speelallitioii el. VI,eel end Mueeuler Eye Defeote
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins, 11
Reg. Optometrist ' =
emory of the late Mrs. Eudes, who passed away
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
leg. Optometrist


###PAGE###2###
“A Farmer Today Needs $500 More”
R.C.A.F. Fliers March to Parade Ground For Colorful Ceremony
VOICE
OP THE
PRESS
NEWS


»r— <r
Federal Department of Agriculture Says He Requires It To Maintain Adequate Living Standard

PARADE

m
- #»
Mm
->
“The days of self-sufficing agriculture have been left behind, ucd the Canadian farmer finds himself today attempting to deal with high living standards and greater cost/ H. R. Hare of the economics divi* Ion, federal department of agrlcul-ture stated last week. Ho epoke u Milton. Ont., at a Halton farm man agement short course, emphasising the necessity of cutting d" it farm, costs of operation and production
"We need an additional $500 a year to maintain thoso living standards wo didn't have a few year* ago. A farmer today has a bigg* r job to race than had his father grandfather, contrary to the op ion of many," said Mr. Hare.
SPECIALIZATION AT END
Agricultural Representative .1, E. Whltelock of Halton doplorml the lack of account books and re corda to be found on llaltou farms. Describing records as a nccessiy to the successful farmer, he add ml “of course, when the farmer kno* t ho Is losing money, he hates like sin seeing the figures in Mark and white before him " The represen !> tive expressed M lief that the day of the highly specialized dairy farmer is “at an end", and appealed to dairy specialists for a more diversi-fled effort. The growing of comnv.r-cial seed grain, and hog-raisin*, were suggested as a promising Til"-
line.
ME


The National Government idea was overwhelmingly defeated in last week's Canadian federal election when the Liberal party, led by Prime Minister Mackenzie King, swept back into office . . . the Liberal landslide was attributed by the Conservatives' Ontario organizer to fear on the part of the people that a national government would bring in conscription, would amalgamate the two railways, and that a change in government at .the present time would tend to disrupt the Dominion's war effort ....
Tho storm over, the attention of Canadians turned immediately else where ope; to the question of what would become of Ontario's Premier Mitchell F. Hepburn in his renegade stand . . .
Changing Picture
During the seventh month of armed conflict in Europe, the war picture materially changed in four ways: 1. Following the Russo-Finnish peace, the diplomatic initiative was wrested from the Allies to be wielded energetically by Germany ; 2. As a result of the German diplomatic drive, Italy appeared to be drawn into doser eollaboration with the Reich; 1. Allied rejection of any patch-od-up peace cleared the stage for intensification of military activity, if such there was to be; 4. Governmental changes in Allied countries were carried out with a view to assuring a much more vigorous and positive prosecution •f the war.

THE OTHER WELLES
If Roosevelt had only sent Or-
Europe he could

son Welles to have scared the foe silly.
—Brandon Sun.
if
ONE'S SUFFICIENT
felt like the
after
Many electors
who remarked,
candidates in his
farmer
hearing the two riding: “Thank heaven they don t
both get in.”
Financial Pos
hurrying the hog
said to be the only
unlimited
i •
or
Hogs are
animal that, given supply of food, will not overeat
themselves. They don’t have time,
being wanted for bacon just as
they’re getting the rhythm.
—Toronto Star.
an

received their wings.
Camp Borden was the scene of a colorful ceremony recently as 33 young airmen _	%	p
These young fliers, representing every part of Canada, were the first group to enter training with tne n. C. À. F. after the outbreak of war. The proud young fliers are shown as they marched to the parade ground where they received their coveted wings from Wing Commander F. S. McGill.
to the war in Eur-
SEE1NG YOUR SLAYER
“A pedestrian walking in the roadway should walk facing vehicular traffic. In this way he can *20 the car before it hits him”, advises an American contemporary. It helps, when you know just who killed you.
walks, all unduly emphasize the confining limits of small lots. These, however, can be made to appear many times more spacious if the fences and walls are partially covered with vines, if corn-screened with shrubbery, leading down to tall annual flow-
all, compute it in terms of circling the earth.
Farm Forum
COLLECTIVE MILEAGE Their collective mileage — all without a mishap, remember — would take them around the Equator approximately 5,000 times.
Or, if one wants to be practical about it, there are 410,803 miles of highways in the Dominion of Canada.
(Conducted by Prof. Henry G. Bell, of the Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph, assisted by other members of the O.A.C. faculty)
ers are
Hamilton Spectator.
BARLEY AND BACON
Without benefit of bonus but in anticipation of better prices, the Canadian farmr since the war in Europe began has brought
acres under the
ers.
o
o
AN IMPORTANT GROUP
There is a group of workers in this community as well as in ail communities in Christian tries who go about their work quietly and without ostentation. They are the people who staff the Sunday Schools of the various churches. Theirs is a never-ending work. Like the day school teachers, they see through their classes and out into the world.
BARE SPOTS IN LAWNS
Beneath bare spots on the lawn will usually be found poor or sour soil underneath; it will be necessary to dig up, remove any gravel or stones, filling up with good earth and sewing thickly with a good quality of Canadian grass seed. For this purpose and for new lawns it is always best to get a good mixture of high quality packaged grass seed blended by expert seedsmen.
cou»-
Gardening
many more plough, a typical example being in Nova Scotia where Dr. W. S. Blair, secretary of the N. S. Farmers' Association, Prof. K. Cox, Agricultural College, Truro, and others conducted an aggressive campaign for 50% more land in grain. At the annual convention of the N. S. Farmers' Association, held in Truro the other week, Prof. Cox gave a very instructive talk on “Grain Production on Old Grass and Pasture Lands Depleted in Fertility”, emphasizing the need for liberal applications of the proper fertilizer.
IDEAL NURSE CROP Barley will be grown more extensively this year, because of the prominent place accorded it in the feed ration for bacon hogs, and barley with its shallow root system requires a fertile top soil. Unlike malting barley, feed barley is not fastidious, demanding only the liberal feeding which promotes vigorous, healthy growth and fills the kernels. Speaking of kernels: in order that these be not full of smut, a disease that takes a heavy annual toll of*our grain, the seed barley should be treated with ethyl mercury phosphate, the dust fungicide for cereals, at the rate of one-half ounce per
• • ¦ •
I
HANDLING SHRUBBERY
In the informal garden plan the taller shrubs, such as the common honey suckle, forsythia,
the children go
spirea,
syringa or lilas to be placed farthest back. In front go the smaller shrubs, like the barberry in different shades of foliage, the low spireas, the deutzia or similar things that never exceed three or four feet in height at maturity. In this class, too, will come of the perennial flowers,
Two Strategie»
Yet the lull on the Western front continued . . . nor was it believed last week "that new theatres of war would open up pre-•ently, although many eyes turned to the near East where it was known that the Allied army of the Orient was constantly receiving more men and more material . New York Times correspondent Archambault summarized the basic policies of the belligerents in two formulas: Pledged to re, •pect of pledges and no rash adventures, the problem for the Allies is to induce or compel the enemy to attack rashly himself. To get him to do this, the blockade must be made effective or a coalition organized against him. The Germans, fully realizing this, direct their efforts toward warding off both blockade and coalition. Hitler's last card, then, was seen to be decision by battle will not attack either the Maginot Line or the army of the Orient until he has been forced to” . . .
The War-Week
Rumania remained the hot-spot of Europe during the week, while rumors
urn” to King Carol ... the war the sea entered another phase when Britain sank German merchant ships in the Baltic, presumably carrying iron ore to the Reich from Sweden; more Danish vessels, bearing butter and bac-to Britain, were sent to the bottom by German U-boats . . . world communications were black-ed-out in a bombardment of the earth by a shower of electrical particles from a huge sunspot . . Franco-Russian relations became •trained when the Soviet Ambassador to France, Jacob Suritz, was recalled . . . large concentrations of German submarines were noted outside Norwegian territorial waters ... a British raid on the Nazi base of Sylt was successfully carried out ... in the Far East Chinese reported successes over the Japanese on war fronts as far separated as Southern China and Inner Mongolia . . . the Finnish war cabinet resigned, to be replaced by a coalition government with Rysto Ryti as premier . . .
Tillsonburg News.
7he Blue Jay
Trees In Place Of Snow Fences
The blue jay comes and gobbles crumbs,
Sunflower seeds, and buries them
A few yards off; he screams at birds
Who hop too near and tells his mate
To stand back while he scratches deeper.
His testy nature though is clothed
In plumage of a shade so rare
That all a watcher can recall
Is blueness coloring the air.
John Ritchey
MAPLE LEAFS • CANADIENS RANGERS# BRUINS* AMERiCANS BLACK HAWKS • RED WINGS
Farmer’s Advocate Points to Nature's Usefulness In Providing A Windbreak
many
iris, phlox, peonies, plants of medium height and which, like ail perennials when once planted and established, will come up each and flower with very little further attention.
e #
You can own the 0nc«t collection of great hock-y player» picture» ever offered—Pictures 6f all the players in all the N.H.L teams Allnu-aeureA'i7* —all are mounted—and all are suitable for f ram i i>g and they're free I For each picture desired send one Bee Hive Syrup label or two Durham or Ivory Starch labels along with your name and addrw*. Specify NHL player» wanted. Send requeete to the address on every label.
The original cost of snow fences together with the expense of putting them up and taking them down each year, is an Item of no small dimensions in the Province of Ontario, says the Farmers’ Advocate, and when we add to this the cost of ploughing out highways and country roads the figure is considerably increased, grow rather than become less, for the townships and counties are undertaking to keep sideroads and concessions open during the winter In order that farmers may market their product any and every day of the week.
HEDGES OF FOREST TREES
There is growing enthusiasm regarding the usefulness of trees to replace snow fences. Hedges of forest rtees planted around 30 feet from the road lane are being tried in several counties. The railroad have already demonstrated the effectiveness of tree rows in preventing drifting and municipal officers have inaugurated a similar policy but as yet only in an experimental way.
In many districts it will probably work out so the strip of land between the trees and the roadway will be cultivated. Fences will be eliminated and a weed-cutting problem will be solved.
71#
71#
year
BROKEN LINES
Nature detests straight lines. In gardening thç amateur4is weU advised to follow this natural ample.
Straight, nan ow fences, abrupt and cramping corners around gar-house, narrow, straight side
sx-
This cost will
newsprint, $3,346,807 ($6,533,514); automobiles and parts, $1,925,604 ($2,448,520) ; partially manufactured copper $4,081,741 ($3,796.196); unmanufactured nickel, $3,956.155 ($4,551,196).
PH A
age or
BEE HIVE SYRUP
“he
Goes Down Smiling
husbel.
Barley is an ideal nurse crop and may sometimes be sown with and clover. When these seeded down the fertilizing should be more ample to ensure success of the following hay crop.

' :

By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
grasses
i
are
i
zz
I

f
THE COLONEL.
t
flew of a Nazi “ultimat-
/
5#
9
% ;
#

I
CD
on
//A
/S

Could Make 500 Trips To Moon
/
L
U t V

0 JTJ?j
•Q ,-KJ
BS
1

l

i
"HI	v ;v: 'Xz V ‘"•'KvXv *-
à
y
//,
/ ZV

i
W'-\
/
zy
Wtihout An Accident — 3,000 Ontario Truck Drivers Travel That Far in Complete Safety
on
/
%
/Z
/


Ontario has some 3,000 truck drivers who could make 600 odd trips to the moon — and safely, too— if only the moon had the needed road connections.
But the distance could be just as great. For Ontario’s safest truck drivers have turned up 12,000,000 collective miles without an acci-


1/

f
C/
4

fi
%


Canada’s Food Exports Rise

&

F
The Dominion Bureau of Statistics reports Canada’s domestic exports rose to $71,078,946 in February, compared with $57,571,572 in February. 1939, with notable increases being shown in food, lumber, newsprint and partially manufactured copper.
Principal exports with figures for February, 1939, in brackets: Wheat, $5,775,465 ($3,531,726); wheat flour $2,135,700 ($886,944) fish, $2,203,615 $2,080,671); furs, $1,763,579 ($1,774,870); meats, $3,879,338 ($2,448,011); cheese, $742,444 ($132,718); planks and boards, $2,912,646 ($2,530,755); wood pulp, $3,398,752 ($1,781,886);
dent.
And that, says the Ontario Safety League, is a performance worthy not only of merit cards, but of medals as well.
Both medals and merit cards bestowed on the 3,000 drivers
La
i

X5b
i
were
by A. G. Partridge, President of
Some of the truck
wranglers, It was disclosed, were receiving them for the seventh consecutive year.
And in case some amateur statisticians may say that the distance to the moon is not a fair way of measuring this safety performance, the drivers reply that one can. after


the League.

J
3C^p/>	• 7-/9
Dr. Robert J. Manion, leader of the National Government party which was defeated at the polls in the March 26 Dominion election.
Hon.
>tx ly riel a.ler)
Revenues Rise In Dominion
"I’m over two hours late for dinner .... how about giving m* a
police escort?”
Customs, Excise, Income Tax Yield Higher Then Year Ago
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Well! Well! Well!
Customs and excise duties, excise taxes and sundry collections during February totalled $26,740,462, an increase of $6,982,474 over February, 1939, the national revenue department reports at Ottawa.
Net income tax collection amounted to $4,040,789 in February,
‘¦•'•ease cf $703,475 over February a yeir
Customs duties	¦ ¦
totalled $8,885,761, en iff-of $3,058,876 over the month a year ago. Excise taxes, at $13,815,166 were up $2,651,243 and excise duties at $4,621,012 showed a $1,291,637 m-trease. Sundry collections decreased $19,183 te $4*,507.

i
"V mhuriiy<F1UL
j
KEEP YOUP SHIRT ON, PINHEAD/I HAVE TO LOOK UP A FEW
1N4THUCMOKS
FIRST /

r YOU KNOW \ AS WELL AS I DO \ THAI WE KEEP \ ALL BOOKS IN /1
v IT FOR 7 y,
I
/
/
I
n •
I I
i i

ai'
mm
%
r
i
9

y
i
SB 11*.-
I

1
*•*0,
Feb-

*
?

•y/
1


* ' >
i
ruary
crease
same

it
1/7

V
30:
à

A ' *

'
F1


: '
K
v:
m
tTi. iv
Sc
/>


###PAGE###3###

7 1.?'
*- -f-


the busineas of mixing colors, strolled with apparent aimlessness over to where Con-stance stood, and said softly, “Connie, I must talk to you.”
“Well?” Constance’s smile was all sweetness and open candor, although her heart was pounding. “You are talking to me, aren't you, Derek?”
“You know what I mean.” voice was thin with impatience. “Alone. We can’t go on — "
“Derek,” Constance said steadily. “When we talk together alone, it will be only with the complete understanding of every one ,’n this house that it is because we have a right to be alone together. . . . And I’m not at all sure that I want that now — any more than you
Don’t “Pretty Up” For The Dentist
cA ‘Delicious ^Blend

n
If He's Going to X-ray Your Teeth — You Risk Facial Burnt

; ?





His

Women are advised not to “pretty up” for the dentist he’s going to X-ray their teeth. They risk facial “burns” by Roentgen rays if they do, Dr. Walter S. Thompson, of Los Angeles, told the Roentgenology section of the American Dental Association.
Heavy elements such as lead, mercury and other mineral salts in cosmetics, lotions and ointments absorb-more Roentgen rays than light elements, he explained. In effect, they form “a layer of mineral substance on the skin, . which absorbs the rays to such an extent that they cause a burn much more quickly than if the skin were free of these heavy elements.”
if

I Brcakfi f ^Mions
. have bp
cs -
V
asr fa
v°Uritc of Gr«Pe-JV
r/ir?
• •
«fs
V




7our
0rrow’e
F
«at/
LOVE LAUGHS AT THE DOCTOR
S.
do.”


Before he could answer, Hilda spoke to him, and he turned to her, eager, charmingly deferential. Constance slipped out of the room because her heart and her eyes were too full of tears for more talk.
As she hurried along with unseeing eyes, she thought, Derek thinks he still wants me —• but it's Hilda Thorvald he wants to please . . . It’s Hilda he loves — if ho really
sii
BY ELINORS COWAN STONE
Copyright, 193», NEA Service,. Ii*.
at any time of day, If having your heart turn completely over when you saw him or heard his voice unexpectedly — if all these things meant that you loved; then she still loved Derek.
THEY UNDERSTAND EACH
OTHER
Mark Rogers came to the studio for a few moments that morning. He nodded briefly to Derek, spoke few words to Constance In his amused, Infuriatingly detached way and then lingered to chat with Hll-degarde Thorvald — telling her something funny that had happened to him that morning. They seemed to understand each other — those two — quietly, humorously, effortlessly, as If between them there was no need for pretence or evasions. With Hilda, he was a different man from the one Constance had always known — younger, and relaxed, bubbling with in fee-
CAST OF CHARACTERS CONSTANCE MAIDWELL—her nine; the stand-in.
DEREK MANTHON—an artist who loved money first.
HILDEGARDE T H O R V ALD— Derek painted her portrait.
DR. ROGERS—he met his most difficult case.
will oe the result. When thicken* add the egg yolks, and cook
T
T

ing'e
for three minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. When cool add the nuts. Pour into baked pie shell. Cover with meringue made by heating the three egg yolks, 4 tablespoons fruit sugar and tablespoon of cornstarch (mixed very thoroughly and spread evenly on pie.) Place in slow oven for 15 minutes until a
The Thimble
loves anyone.
Oh, well — what was it she had said to George Thprvald that first night? “No one can help not loving someone any longer.” It had sounded so childish when Mark Rogers had teased her about it: But was it?
Tree to his word, Ernest Thor-vald had had a horse run into the corral for Constance — a sliui-Ieg-ged. spirited sorrel chestnut. And the new riding clothes from Los Angeles fitted perfectly. In the saddle Constance looked like a slight, dark haired boy.
She rode every day now — sometimes alone, sometimes early in the morning with her host. She liked riding with Ernest Thorvald because he was steeped in the Spanish lore of the country and told her many romantic legends of the early days In the southwest he loved so much.
Oftener Constance rode with her hostess. Hi Id egard e Thorvald, who never known to move faster
A
A
L
B
Like a little silver bee Or a shining moth My mother’s thimble flits flies
Above the rosy cloth;
K
L
and
S
Last week: At the end of one particularly hard day, Connie finds Dr. Rogers asleep on the library divan. She covers him with a blanket and he says, “Thanks, Hilda.” Connie could not easily forget this.
£
Jr

a
My mother is a gardener Who doesn't mind the bee Who wears the sunshine on her hair
And makes a dress for me.
Miriam Clark Potter.
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
a
delicate brown.
A Spring Medley
So many different things come to my mind, that I wish to write about to you, but I would like also to answer snme spring requests.
There was a time, when it would be much too early now to ask for asparagus, rhubarb, and many of the spring products for which
ever, today it is much different, with frozen fruits and vegetables the market, and other products provided by modern hothouse facilities. Almost anything we desire, we may have.
This week let us commence in real Southern style by serving the salad first. I wanted to give you this salad last week but lacked ths space so here we are.
Asparagus Salad
20 stalks asparagus
Rings cut from green pepper and pimento
1 tablespoon finely chopped onion
Lettuce
Plain boiled dressing
Arrange four stalks of asparagus of either freshly cooked asparagus, or canned, or shredded lettuce. Slip over the stalks a ring of green pepper. Serve with salad dressing into which has been mixed the chopped onion and pimento. See if the family or guests do not say” it tastes like some more.”
Beet Salad
6 beets Salad dressing % cup chopped celery,
2 teaspoons chopped onion % cup lima beans Cook and steam beets until tender, scoop out the heart and mix with celery, beans, onion and french salad dressing. Put the mixture into the beet cups and serve with boiled dressing.
As George Thorvald'* recovery progressed, there was u very evident effort on the part of the household to keep the dally routine in the sane, normal grooves of every-
TALENTED
TAILORING
day life.
The portrait. Constance knew, under way again. At Wide-
more tious good humor.
While they were talking and laughing together, Constance turned to a window and stood looking out over the white blooms of the fruit trees toward the crumpled blue of the distant mountains — feeling, somehow, a little forlorn.
It might be very fortablo, she thought, to have a mau like Mark Rogers turn to you so naturally for companionship and understanding; to feel as Hilda obviously did with him, no need for putting up little feminine defenses.
Derek, who when Rogers came in, had turned somewhat sulkily to
mouths water. How-
waa
garde’s request, she hud gone with her to the studio for the first slt-
our

ting.
She did not waut to go; but Hilda Insisted that she needed moral support.
“This portrait was Dad's idea — not mine,” she told Constance. "Personally 1 think the whole thing is a complete headache. But if hav. lug me glorified on canvas as a California product seems to Dad an exciting way of spending his money
—	well, the poor lamb hasn't had so much fun out of life lip to date. The only pastime he's ever really seemed to have thrown his soul Into is glorifying everything Californian.”
Constance had to laugh, could not be with Ernest Thorvald long without realizing that.
"You see,” Hildegarde went on. "Dad came here a poor immigrant boy; and made his fortune here. Now he's gone more native than any native son I ever met. You'd think to hear him sometimes that he personally had prepared the formula for the particular brand of sunshine we put on the market out here . . . Then you are coming to the studio with me, aren't you?”
"I can't see what good my being there will do, unless”—Constance finished, turning the knife in her own heart, Just to show herself she could bear it — I hold Mr. Man-thon g brushes.”
"Oh, you'll be there.” Hilda then stretched her long, beautiful limbs aud smiled lazily. "When 1 begin to feel too gosh-awful glorified, I will look at you, and we can laugh. You are one of the few women I've ever met who know just when to laugh
—	and how much . . . And If 1 must be painted, I’ve got to be amused,”
A CRUEL MISTAKE
So Constance went — that once. She saw immediately that her being there was a cruel mistake. And cruel to Derek. It threw him pitifully off his stride. All the facile, charming things he should have said to reassure his subject and put her gracefully at lier easo seemed to freeze on his lips.
And If It were amusement Hilda hoped from Constance's presence, she obviously was not getting it. Thero seemed, somehow, to be amazingly little to laugh about. Hildegarde, herself, seemed absent and preoccupied, as If there were something she were trying to puzzle out.
Hildegarde had had her way In one respect at least. The portrait was not to he, ms Derek had laughingly described it to Constance that last day In the studio, a still life of luscious fruit with Hilda as the presiding deity of the harvest,
"I won't be all trimmed Op like a float in the Carnival of Roses,” she had announced at breakfast with an unaccustomed decision in her lazy voice. "I'll be painted ex actly as I look every day.”
So Derek was painting her in brown slacks and a soft orange shirt, leungiug with a book — her usual occupation wlieu she wasn't on horseback or gardening or sitting at her piano.
From the begiuuiny that first sitting was a dismal failure.
And this picture means so much
to Derek, Constance thought.......
And then, with a dutch at her heart, Why a few weeks ago I should have said, 'It means so very much to us!’ . . . . Have we really grown so far apart

on

READERS, WRITE IN!
Mi»» Chamber» welcomes personal letter» from interested reader». She is pleased t# receive suggestion» on topic» for her column, and n even ready to listen to your *'pet peeve».” Requests for recipe# or specie! menus are in order# Address your letter# to 'Mis# Sadie B. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto.”

m
was
than a stroll afoot, became a reckless Valkyrie on horseback, rode as she played the piano and sang, with a kind of tempestuous abandon. Her horse, a magnificent high-strung black, was as eager to run and as tireless as she. There was not much time for story-telling when one rode with Hildegarde.
One morning while they were at breakfast, Mark Rogers, coming In for an early visit to his patient, brought a message that the horses of "la am a de la casa " and the sen-orlta were waiting.
Hildegarde said, "Sorry, Constance. I’m having to look after some things here while Dad runs up to IjOs Angeles . . . Derek . . . why don’t you and Constance go for a gallop?”

mm wm
She
well — com-

%

War Influences London Styles

You

GAY JACKETS
To Brighten Your Ward-

>
robe
“Siren Suits” and “Battle Dress” Styles Seen Likely ta Last
;
r

I

V
Wars change fashions in curious ways and this one promises to prove no exception.
So far in London, England, it has popularized clothes that can be quickly put on. ' Siren suits” — loose trousers and matching blouses cut on the style of windbreakers — are an example. The need for their use in air raids has not arisen, but women are finding them comfortable and useful for house wear.
QUICK-CHANGE OUTFITS It is quite possible the army's simplified battle dress will outlive the war to be taken up by civilians. It would be suitable for sports wear, golf and hiking, for instance, if not for everyday business wear.
Air raids In the last war were not sufficiently widespread to produce a fashion, but the need for a quick change after a day's work away from home led women in the Services to take up the slip-on frock. The fashion developed and stayed. Hair bobbing was another child of the last war.
Many other present day fashions had their origins in wars, boots, for instance, were first designed to guard cavalrymen's feet from sword cuts. Napoleon's Egyptian campaign brought the turban aud other Oriental styles to Paris and later to the rest of the civilized world.

i
(To Be Continued)

!
â
1
Fashion Flashes

K
I

Banana Jam
Have you still some empty jars after making marmalade and conserves? Do you still want to appease an appetite longing for that something different? Then try this:
II
Bengallne jacket-suits featuring the short or wrist-length fitted jacket. are sometimes shown with the contrast skirts, as in alliance of the brown with gold. •
f

i
I
1	dozen bananas
Equal quantitiy of granulated sugar
2	tablespoons lemon juice
1 teaspoon grated nutmeg
The ripest bananas must be used; mash to pulp. Put the crushed fruit into kettle; add the sugar, butter and lemon juice. Mix and bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Add pectin, keep stirring, and bring to a rolling boil. Remove from fire, cool a few moments. Stir again and pour into jelly glasses. Cover with paraffin in the usual way.
A perfect boon is that lovely pink hot house rhubarb, which is on the market, satisfying our palates now and giving promise of more to follow.


Tailored dresses with big pockets smartly illustrated in flannel, linen or a lightweight shetland. This lightweight shetland is also accented for dresses with contrast gros grain edges to pockets.
•7-
«
Hedy Lamarr wears a three piece suit of wool. The skirt is slightly flared and is topped by a jacket, amusingly accented by three large rings down the front. A metallic scarf and full length cape complete the ensemble.
,
- <



Mexican themes developed in
- beachwear and sportswear, as seen in Mexican printed linen jackets with pleated shorts, in linen
Dizzy Hat May Scare Him Off
IPaw i
worn
sports skirt with leather fringing and bold plaid linen blouse, or raysuiting slacks with embroidery worked around pockets.

*4
on
New York Fashion Editor Declares “When Hats Are Extreme, Few Men Propose”
a

Spun rayon play suits with skirts in small figure prints are featured for women, or more youthful models for girls in white pique with red grosgrain trimming or brown plaid cotton with fresh, white pique accents.
Jack-

1
Hats affect masculine hearts, proposals and the marriage rate, says one of America’s leading hat designers. So give special thought to your Leap Year Easter bonnet, for it may help you to get your man.
“A young man matrimonially inclined can be attracted by a pretty hat,” says Howard Hodge, New York millinery expert. “But he can be frightened away by a flighty, crazy one that veers off at a dizzy angle. Reason: He is apt to think the girl is as dizzy as her hats and not the one to found the best borne and happiness. When hats are extreme aud eccentric, fewer mon propose.”
FRAME FACE BECOMINGLY
(For your information, mesdemoiselles. statistics don’t quarrel	,	_	. .
with him. In New York, the year	Maple Syrup is on the market.
after the crazy-hat epidemic, the I After you have relished that first marriage rate fell several per cent.	taste of syrup and homemade
So did it the war after the Empress bread or rolls, try this dessert and Eugenio	— though a few
other things, Re the depression, may have had^Jpething to do with
¦¦HUHI
For your further information these are the things we've learned men like in hats:	Brims (both
large and small), color (nflt too loud), flowers, simplicity and designs that make a becoming frame for roar face.

. 4
I
Rhubarb Shortcake
If you never tried a shortcake of this delicious spring fruit, by all means do so. Make a rich .shortcake dough (for those who have filed these recipes you will have just the one you wish). Cook the rhubarb in the same proportions as in the trifle. Cool the rhubarb and place between layers of shortcake. Serve either with whipped cream or custard as above recipe.
Maple Syrup Cream Pie
Everyone is watching now for the announcement the sap is running and the glad news that
i
x


¦RIRPlof Paris advocates pumps copied from men’s evening pumps for cocktail or dinner wear, in black crepe or satin or suede bow.
Full-length, long-sleeved and long-waisted dinner frocks have gathered bodices. Many of these dinner types arc in plain pastel | crepes.
Persian lamb is shown in Pails in long wraps inspired by the cape of the Moroccan Spahi. Fullness is accented either in loose coats with wide back fullness often mounted in folds, or in Cossack belted styles.
—o—
Danielle Darrieux, the French film star, endorses the long-jacketed classic tailleur in a Faquin model of gray and rose checked woollen with a flared skirt.
Cedric
3137
V5
Ü
SIZES 14-4-2

Eggs: Brain Food

Jackets and blouses arc just what you need to brighten up your frocks. If you have a dress that seems dull after many weavings, just make a gay, striped bolero and matching sash, and see what that does. A fitted jacket blouse makes a new costume when teamed with a skirt or suit.
Add a tailored bolero of flannel to a ailk sport dress for added warmth and a gay note of coï-

with tailored g ro sgram
S
Hens' eggs are brain food. In the yolk of the egg there is a fatlike substance known as lecithin which contains, in the most readily assimilable form, phosphorus which it is said is essential to brain development and activity. Food containing phosphorus, such as in an egg, is required to repair waste tissues when rest is needed from overwork.

1
!

.3
<

4
or.
>
Style No. 8187 is designed for 14, 16, 36, 38, 40 and 42.
¦}
sizes
Size 36 requires 1%& yards of 30 inch fabric for long sleeved jacket; 1% yards for short sleeved bolero and sash ; 1% yards for short sleeved jacket; IN yards for long sleeved bolero.
Send FIFTEEN Cents (15c), (Coin is preferred) for Pattern, to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73
Toronto.
VÇ WHY HAVE
&XSORE
FEET ?
w v . •
I am sure you will agree it is truly Canadian :—
1% cups rich milk Mi cup maple syrup 2M tablespoons Benson’s cornstarch (again watch level measuring)
3 egg yolks *
% teaspoon salt a cup rolled pecans i tablespbon butter Place milk, salt, maple syrup and butter in double boiler. Add cornstarch mixed with two table-spoon-» cold milk (kept out of the two cups). Stir into mixture in double boiler; stir very thoroughly and give a few turns with egg beater to be sure an even textuie

I0W


£

X
;
rub I*

V
St.
Adelaide
West
Write plainly your name, address and style number. Be sure to state size you wish.
The New Spring Fashion Book is a "must” for a smart wardrobe. The full color illustrations of over a hundrr d styles will help you select your clothes for all occasions. Send for your copy today. The price is 15 cents.
:v-ii
Incendiary Kiss
i

Derek and
Eileen Boynton, 19, of Filey, Eng., standing with her back to the fire, was kissed by her fiance. As she left her sweethearts arm : flames leaped up behind her. Hcr I skirt and underclothes were burned through, but she was unmai
1>

ns
. . . And yet I love Derek. I am angry and hurt and humiliated, but I still love him ... Or do 1?
Yes, she decided. If thinking of someone the first thing In tho ulght, if suffering when you could not be sure what he was thinking or doing
Ginger For War
"1
1
;
In the Middto Ages
er wi'.s a favourite kings, v ho took with •up;
«•. giqg
I
elicacy of them good when they went to war.
ISSUE NO. 14—’40
-
ed.
B
I
:
y*

###PAGE###4###




necessa ry—Carried.
The following bills were presented for
approval :
W. A. Hod gins Store supplies $23 01
1 It. Wallace Hurry	“	----
! Moyer School Supplies 11 Kmmerson Co tie,	“
Household Science,
Provincial Blank Forms, “
! McFarlane, Son & Hodgson
payers was presented, praying the Coun cil to impose a dog tax.
Councillor Young gave notice of motion that at the next regular meeting of Council a by-law would be introduced imposing a tax on all dogs, male and female, within this Municipality.
• Councillor Westbrook gave notice of motion that at the next regular meeting of Council a by law would be introduced changing the election of Mayor and Councillors from January to December in our Municipality.
Motion by'Crs. W est brook • M ul do on, that this Council bill Morley Hamilton for $57.47 insane account.—Carried.
Motion by Crs. Muldoon-Young, that Wm. Draper be appointed time keeper and supervisor over the plowing of roads.—Carried.
On motion of Councillor Young the Council then adjourned.
THE EQUITY
I
Spring Tonics
Give Your Chicks A Flying Start
2 60 12 72
6	38
7	45 ft 00 » 27
Montreal Daily Star, advertising o 00 Quo. Clarke, wood to No. 11	21 00
Joseph Stanley, "	“	"	7	20 00
| Xt 11 , “ “ “ 10 20 60 , Melbourne Elliott, wood to High
I School.......................
; Russell Elliott, wood to High I School.................... .
Wilbur Chapman, wood to High
School....................
Motion by Conir. Walsh, that (best bills be paid.—Carried, i Motion by Comr Hobba, to adjourn-! Carried.
SHAWVIILE, APRIL 11, 1940
Nation Blood Purifier Rational Beef Iron & Wine Burdock Blood Bitters Ironized Yeast Tanlac
And many other notable
Spring remedies
H
New Governor General Will Take Oath of Office In Ceremony at Ottawa
The King has approved the appointment of Major-General L__ _ Atblone, K.C, as Governor General of Canada, succeeding the late Lord Tweedsmtiir.
The Earl is expccfed to arrive some time in June to take up residence at Rideau Hall with his wife, the Princess Alice, a grand daughter of Queen Victoria. The Earl, 66, is a younger brother of Queen Mary, the Queen Mother.
Custom will be broken when the Earl becomes Governor General for instead of being sworn in as his predecessors have, at the port of arrival, he will be sworn in at Ottawa. The ceremony will take place in the Senate chamber while Parliament is in session.
ï
>
0
s
troubles for the
With the hatching of Chicks comes new
A Mock of Chicks besides being in a hygienic place
the Earl of
Poultry raiser
require a lot of attention as far as feeding is concerned and great care must be taken in selecting the Chick Starter to be fed to Hie
The future production depends to a great extent on
0
0 75
young ones
the development made during the period of growth
7 85
<12 50
Chicks at birth are very frail and their needs are pronounced
and complicated systems are i balanced ration specially adapted to their various needs.
- Since Chicks grow rapidly they must eat sufficient quantities of feed to keep up the steady growth during the growing period and it becomes evident that the Mash must be fresh, wholesome, palatable and combined in such a way as to provide a perfect balance of Proteins, Minerals and Vitamins.
They also grow rapidly and as their digestive extremely delicate, they must receive a perfectly
0
Jos. A. Steele Sec.-Treas
April 3, 10*40
Clarendon School Board met on above date. Present, Chairman Hodging and Commissioners Hobbs, Nurse, Wilson and Walsh.
Minutes of last meeting read and con firmed on motion of Cotnr Walsh. Carried.
The following bills were presented for approval :
Household Science,
Moyer School Supplies..
Wilson McCleary, wood W. H. Howard,
Stirling Hedging,
Alex Seaman, pine wood
Motion by Cotnr» Hobbs, that these bills be paid.—Carried.	%
Motion by Comr. Walsh, that the following slate of teachers be accepted for the year 1940-41 :
THE CORNER STORE
0
I
0
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
When John David Eaton donated his trim twin-engined monoplane to the Royal Canadian Air Force, it was the first Beech era ft to enter the service. The plane is powered with a 300 horsepower engine, has a cruising speed of 195 miles an hour and has seating capacity for eight persons ; two pilots and six passengers.
In order to expedite delivery of cables addressed to members of the C.A.S.F. overseas, the following registered cable addressed has been secured : “Canrecord, London”
C.A.S.F. should be addressed as follows : Regimental number, Rank, Name, Canrecord, London,
Main and CentreSts
SHAWVILLE, - QUE.
i
Shur Gain Chick Starters 19 per cent, and 17 per cent perfectly ballanced, they assist in fast feathering assure also a normal and uniform development and rapid growth.
arc
Enemy Spies Pose as War Godmothers
supplies . . $ 9 42
7 05
Measures to control sales and purchases of authorized explosives have be en adopted by the Government on the ommendation of the Minister of Mines and Resources, sales by authorized vendors must be kept for submission, upon request, to inspector or peace officer. Only one approved statement is required in a calendar year from bona fide owners or operators of mines or quarries.
Minutes of Council Onslow North
An order issued recently by the Department of National Defence brings back memories of a favorite enemy spy trick of the Great War. The order forbids soldiers to insert advertisements or letters in any publication inviting strangers to communicate with them. It forbids them to reply to such advertise- ; ments or invitations. They must not in any other way communicate with strangers concerning military matters.
A popular enemy stratagem to obtain military information is to employ women spies to pose as “War Godmothers”. The trick is a simple one and gave military authorities trouble during the last war.
The department does not forbid members of the C.A.S.F. to have “war godmothers”. On the contrary the practise is endoi sed if done through persons of the soldier’s family or of his family circle or through a responsible welfare agency.
The different ingiedients which make up these feeding tures are highly digestible are specially combined for feeding chicks
mix
15 GO
24 00
08 00
44
44
The Proteins are high in quality and are suited to the
frail digestive system of young Chicks Gain Chick Starter are easily assimilable and build strong well*
The mineral balance in Shur Gain Chick
rec
A record of
3 00
The minerals in 2Shur
\
All cables for personnel of
'
formed skeletons.
Starter is in accordance with the most recent scientific discoveries Manganese which is incorporated in sufficient quantitiee constitutes one of the most impoitant minerals to prevent slipped ten dons and joint deformation.
an
k
Hum School
Grade 11—Mr. C. S. Donglas, Principal “	10—Mr. James Gordon
41	9—Miss Clara Strutt
41	8—Miss Robina Wallace
44	7—Miss Margaret Judd
Grades 0 and 5—Mies Edna Curran “	4 and 3—Miss Mary Corrigan
14	2 and 1—Miss Hilda Harris
French Specialist—Mr. Ben Mid lige Household Science — Miss Rhoda McLean.
The new Army physical training tables bear little resemblance to the old “physical jerks” of the Great War. The methods used in Canada are those recently adopted by the army gymnastic staff in England. The new methods aim at co-ordination of eye, brain and muscle and the development of flexibility and endurance rather than large muscles and strength.
J
Vitamins are equally indispensable to the normal growth of Shur-Gain Chick Starters are full fortified in Vita-
the Chick mins A—B—D—E and G
April 1st, 1940
The regular meeting of the municipal council held on above date. present. Daniel Farrell, pro mayor, and Councillors Young and D«igg.
The perscribed time having elapsed and not a quorum.
Motion hy Crs. Dagg Young, that this meeting adj ourn unt'O May fith, 1910, dt one o'clock in the afternoon.
Andrew Farrrll,
See Treaa. ‘
Members
Shur-Gain Chick Starters 19 per cent, and 17 percent, are
They give the Chicks special jigour,
0
economical and efficient facilitate normal and rapid growth and lower mortality.
Piay safe with your Chicks this Spring. Start them on Shur
u
Rural Schools
Gain and get best results
Final Dominion Party Standing
District	No	1—Mr.	Thomas Wallace
41	“	2—Miss	Beulah Findlay
11 Joyce Findlay u Hazrl Ling 41	Marjorie Wilson
“	Ruby Stevenson
“ Verra Strutt rt — “ Muriel Horner “	Mary Brownlee
“ Oral Mce 41 Kileen Walsh “ Lottie Wright “ K eanor Kilgonr "	Audrey Fnlford
“	Myrtle H «îgitis
—Carried.
The Canadian Forestry Association
3
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING 00., REG'O-1
i-ii	-iJ0t II
Liberals .......
Conservatives ..
C.C.F..........
New Democracy Independent....
Unity..........
Deferred ......
Vacant ..	• .
184
0
39
With four out of five manufacturing industries in Canada, and three out of four factory workers dependent upon Canada’s forest resources for their employment, the Canadian Forestry Association is planning a direct industrial canvass during its membership drive in May, it is stated by Robson Black president and manager of the associa tion.	--
,8
301
9
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
7-

1





1
)
1
10
March 9, 194 )
2
II
Hodgins Garage
1 Board met < n
^Tl;e Clarendon S< above date, prefe f, Churman Hodgins | and a full board of i | Minutes r-f last no i tii g
j Motion by C* mi
" minutes bn ado;
! Motion by Vomr S'Km Hobbs have the si n front < f tie îii.h S
12 i—
12 l) —
Total
245
, vice
nisstuncrs. were re ni
th it the
- Carried t li it. Comr »•! fr m in
13—
14 —
• 41A decade or so ago”, Mr. Black states, "‘the Forestry Association was considered to be very largely the concern of the lumbering industry but that is no longer the case. It is a surprising fact to most Canadians |tbat for a number of reasons, including the development of cellulose chemistry, the improvement in wood/ preservatives and other changes in modern material uses, Canadian wood today is serving more useful purposes than at any time in history. Many factories and thousands of workers are entirely dependent upon our wood resources for their production and livlihood though they m ty be far removed from ihe forests themselves. Rayon, “Cellophane” newsprint, insulating board and plastics are just a few of the modern forest products.
“In addition to this very logical reason for seeking membership support from industries and industrial workers every Canadian businessman has a stake in Canada's forest because of their natural tourist appeal. As long as the forests remain in Canada this country will attract tourists from the United States and the tourist industry is one which concerns every Canadian”.
The membership drive scheduled to open the first of May-is made necessary because of war conditions which increase the need for forest conservation, Mr. Black concludes. But its value extends far beyond the war period into the peaceful period and the iccmstruction period which will follow.
Just Wait and See
Raffaele Bendandi, amateur seismologist and astronomer of Italy, said recently that he had discovered four new planets the existence of which would cause North America—or maybe Europe—to sink beneath the ocean on April 6, 2521.
11 lb
i
Motion 1-y Comr Nurse to adj urn C » rried.
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
r
J A Dkan, St"' Trims
I
i
s i
K’
8
8
Bendandi, who has claimed sue- ^ cess in forecasting earthquakes dur- q ing the last six years, said his cal- B culatior.s indicated America—or Europe—would become ; g another lost Atlantis in a map- -changing deluge comparable to the Biblical deluge which Noah sur- q vived in his ark.	S
"I have baptized the new planets g Italy, Rome, Rex and Dux," Ben- g jandi said. "I estimated that the § solar system becomes 50 times vast- 0 -r than was previously discovered g
I con? 1er IQ y calculations precise enough for • ^
that the cataclysm will 18 strike the world in 532 years pi e- j gj
eh on April 6."
&*+**+*<+** rv
Ek.
8 +**+<*<***:**+++++++*********+***
HYDRAULIC CONTROLS
8

8
I
that North
SJ
8
8
make
n
f
8
X
¦J
A Choice Lot to Choose From
Change your old model and get a better one |
"	ss
1934 V-3 Ford Coupe with E.S.
1937 Chevrolet Coach with Trunk
1937	Pontiac Sedan model 224 Deluxe g
1938	Dodge Coach with sedan seat in front 1938 Chevrolet Coach with sedan seat H D. Tires g
1938 Chevrolet Coach with 4-ply tires 1936 Maple Leaf Truck Stake Body Dual Wheels |
Why not have your car overhauled now, so that you can drive in safety
Drive in today

X
8
X
8
8
BETTER, EASIER FARMING
8

8
8
eforo this discovery
8

m
8
1J
$

s.
sa
e

HBESm
P
9
t
/
8


8
1
8
M
8
V

<
8




8
s
;
, #
u
Official Oath of Office
g oath is taken by all : 5 r’ ' .1 States with the j oi
ident
8
8

Tlx* followin; fficers of the Ur.
option of the P the oath of office “ any ; erson elected or appointed to ; 8 my office of honor %r profit eith “ n the civil, military or naval serv- 8 except the President of the §
United States":	"I,-------do-sol- g
èmnly swear (or affirm) that I will -support and defend the Constitution jf the United States against all er.e- i inks, foreign or domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance , to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental res- i ervalion or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me Cod!"
8

'Eft*

iW>
PTt
V
1 4 l
ftp
It is S to be taken by y
>
v«>V
8
*
8

O
8
or
8
&
8

*<
8
8
ce
8
South Onslow Council
8
8
§
8
April 1, 1940
A regular meeting of the Municipal Council held on above date at the usual place of meeting. Members present, Ambrose Kennedy mayor, and Councillors Fraser, Young, Westbrooke, Mul-doon.
?
8
FORD TRACTOR with Ferguson System
8
J. Li. HODGINS
• The Ford tractor with Fc system is completely new. never seen anything like it. Tractor and unit are combined into one compact unit—making possible greater efficiency, control, economy! Hydraulic mechanism for easy, positive control of implements insures not only constant depth while nl >wing or cultivating, but effortfetis lifting and lowering of implements.
traction. This means amazing fuel economy and minimizes packing of soil. Aud it means you can plow fields full of rocks and stumps, because the new line of draft is the
dél ice/' ^ hen the
rrguson
You’ve
Phone 64 J.
On motion of Crs Young-Muldoon, the minutes of last meeting were confirmed as read.
Motion by Crs. Fraser-Young, that Cliff and Xavier Chevrier s work be taken off Victor Young’s list and given to Walter Clarke’s road list.—Carried.
On motion of Crs. Westbrook-Mill-doon, the following bills were ordered paid viz :
John Clarke, work on road...
County Council........ ......
W. J. Fleming, board of council
Jas Kilroy, road list........
x Herbie Young, 20 hrs. on plow
" Fred Eraser, 122 hrs........
Russell Taber, 19 hrs on plow Quebec Compensation Board Geo. Fraser, bill sanding road Provincial Government, Insane
Account..................
Terrence Mulligan, composa
tion ....................
A letter w&9 received from Thomas Daly and laid over till next meeting.
A letter from Henry Mulligan was also left over.
Un motion of Crs Young-West brook, that Fred Fraser be paid $1 50 \»,r hour for 24 hours opening highway with truck.—Carried.
A petition bearing 27 names of rate


IWI

tractor’s
plow strikes a bidden obstruction, weight is transferred to the front wheels, the rear wheels spin.

Shawville Council
that the foregoing hills be paid.
The application of J. A. Ren nick and Melvin Voting for extending the watt r-

J hose are only a few of the features. Come in. Ixwk the Ford tractor with Ferguson system over. See the hydraulically controlled implements. Chances are you'll change your mind about a lot of things.
April 1st, 1940
The regular meeting of the Municipal works system on Clarendon Street was Council was held at Hynes’ Hall on the taken into consideration, above date. Present, Mayor G. G. Me- Motion by Crs. Howard and Caldwell, Dowell in the chair and Councillors that #50.00 he paid to H. Beckett for Howard, Cotie, Strutt, Caldwell.	\ upkeep of Arthur Rennison and that
The minutes of the last meeting were ; Cr Cotie and the Sec.^Treas. take what-read and approved on motion of Crs
Cotie and Howard.
The following bills were presented to
Council for approval :
Streets, including snow plowing #178 28 William Orr (wood to Mrs. D
Howard) ................
R P Fades....................
Hod* Lumber Company . .
Gatineau Power Company. ...
Chinese Students In U. S.
Two sons of a trusted adviser to Chinese Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek are diligently seeking an education in the United States, preparing for the time when fhey believe Chinese national life will be re-established on a peaceful basis. John gmd Peter Eoyang, the nine and 16-^ear-old sons of Admiral Eoyang, commander of the defunct Chinese navy, ate known as Butch and Pete to friends in the Ann Arbor and University of Michigan high school, where they are enrolled. They are sports fans, but they are also serious about their careers; Peter so much so that he hopes to finish high school in two years, study naval architecture and engineering at the university, and then enter a British naval academy. He also finds time to box, play football and
An outstanding feature is the light weight of the unit. Because the “line of draft" is downward into the ground, there is no longer need of excesti weight to
S 7 O'I 549 97 10 00 112 60 0 00 213 50 5 70 32 50 5 75
i*ec ure

ever equity in the Estate of Arthur Rennison that may be necessary.— Carried unanimously.
You Get These Features At No Extra Cost
Ferguson System of Hydraulic Controls • Pneumatic Tires • Self Starter • Power 'Take-Off • Governor • Battery and Generator # Oil hath Air Cleaner • Muffler • Independent Brakes on Rear Wheels • Oil Filter • Adjustable Tread on Front and Rear Wheels.
ZlgS
Moved by Crs Howard-Cotie, that Reginald Hodgins lie appointed as Councillor to replace J. M. Argue, who has declined to act.—Carried unanimously.
Motion by Crs. Strutt-Cotie, 'that Cr. A. O. Fades, be re instated following his absence from three consecutive meet Carried.

6 88
114 92

1 35
14 CH)
02 83 45 83 154 22
5 00 Moved by C • Ho ward Caldwell, th; t 5 00! (hc meeting idi* irn.—Carried
102 44
WNlll-lISS «MPLIMKNTS

Se

County Kate..........
Interest on Sinking Fund
Mrs. Howard...........
Mrs. L. E. Thomson ---
Earl Devine ---
Moved by Crs

mgs
G. A. Howard f Sen
Quebec

.......... 1 00|
Caldwell and Strutt, j
H/ *land 0. How A r
Stc.-Treas
Shaw ville
fwim
###PAGE###5###

Service Announcement
ShawviLLB United Church Rkv A. F. Fokks B A., B.D. Pa stop
z
Sunday, April 14
[1.00 a. m — Service at Sbawville
1.30	p.m.—Service at Zion
3.30	p.m.—Service at Stark’s Corners 7.30 p.m.—Service at Shawville


@i m f
lThe Equity
Family Needs for Spring and Summer
Wall Papers for 1940
DALE’S TINSHOP
Established 1883
PUBLISHED EVERT THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
r
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Canada .. $1.50 To United States.
2.00
Maple Syrup Requirements
• • «
m
All arrears must be paid in full before any paper is discontinued
Ask for our new wall paper catalogue
Bristol United Church
Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment ? If not, do so now ! we can supply you with :
Sap Cans,
Maple Syrup Cans Spoils,
Rev. C. Armstrono-Sales, B. D Sunday, April 1 4
Service at Sunday School Service at Service at
r
VV. O. COWAN, PUBLISHER
Floor Covering’s
Cold Seal Congoleum Rugs
i)
10 30 11.30
Sr. Andrews,
Rubber’s ‘Little Brother’
Is New Synthetic Product
An outstanding achievement has come out of the laboratory of the oldest rubber company in the Middle West, where scientists have brought into the world a synthetic material so closely akin to rubber that it is being called rubber's “little brother," writes Florian E.Wood in the Scientific American material is not a synthetic rubber, its scientific god-parents are careful to point out, for no true synthetic rubber exists in the world today, although there are other rubber substitutes. It is made from such common substances as limestone, coke and salt.
• This new chemical compound opens up a vast new field of utility because it has proved its ability to operate in places where rubber never could perform. It is adaptable to varied uses, and in a variety of forms ranging from the fire-resisting coating on power transmission cables to lining in hot acid tanks and the fine-textured clothing in milady’s wardrobe.
Significantly scientists point out that it would require an acre of rubber trees 17,520,000 hours, or 2,000 years, to produce the same amount of natural rubber which could be turned out synthetically In one hour by a laboratory only one acre in area. This fact alone dramatically illustrates the importance of any synthetic material which possesses qualities that would enable science and industry to substitute it in services where natural rubber long has functioned.
Since it is waterproof, sun-resisting and heat-repelling, Koroseal is especially adaptable to the home for table coverings, wall paper, draperies, shower curtains, covering for outdoor furniture and a horde of other uses.
2.30
Knox,
Austin,
Pang, all sizes Evaporators Iron Coolers
7.30
A new shipment of new patterns now in stock, also a wide selection, of new patterns by the yard, including Rexfelt, Congoleum, Linoleum, Baroleum, etc.
ANGLICAN St. Paul’s
Sunday, April 14
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m —Morning Prayer 7 30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s
2.00 p.m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity Service Withdrawn
»
LESLIE DALE
*

This
*
Shawville,
Quebec
Time to Paint—Beautify your home this Spring. Floor Paint, Outside Paint. Utilac Enamel, Varnish, Interior Gloss, Muresco, Barn Paint, Boiled Oil and Turpentine.
Mattresses—Built for comfort, “Slumber King".
It is made with 242 highly resilient coil spring and a reinforced edge


000RM tipJGJra
Parish op North Clarendon Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge Sunday, April 14
Thorne Centre, Holy Communion 10.30 Ctyarteris, Holy Communion 3 00
The service will be held in the church at The me Centre.
Certified ©hicks
Shawville Co-operative Hatchery
B. T. STARK, Manager
$19.95
Simmon’s Iioyal Canadian Inner Spring Mattress
A Prisoners of War Information Bureau has been organized. Enquiries regarding Canadian citizens in Germany or Poland, or Canadians who may be prisoners of war, should be sent to Colonel Hubert Stethem, Director, Prisoners of War Information Bureau, Department of the Secretary of State, Ottawa. Enquiries about Canadian who #re interned in Belgium or other neutral countries, should be addressed Colonel Stetham.
Shawville,
Quebec
$15.75
All the flocks are blood-tested and under the Quebec Government Inspection.
Eggs must weigh at least 2 ounces each.
Our chicks are issued from vigorous birds of standard size and selected for egg production
BREEDS
Barred-Plymouth Rock — White Leghorn
Spring'S—Simmon's Springs mean sleeping comfort
Cab'e Springs from..........$5 50 lip
Bed Room Suites-The Lovely “Water Fair-
Special Design 3 piece Breakfast S uites—Buffet, Table and four Chairs
Special at
Dining Room Suites-Vety modern and
artistic design 7 piece, Buffett, labie, China Cabinet and 4 chairs, Special
Living Room Furniture-Three Piece Ches-tt i tit 1 Suites, very modern designs $67.50 Up
$75.00
s
* #
Hew Hampshire
$49.50
Clarendon Council
Chicks will be available on the
following Dates.
April 1st, 1940

Clarendon Council met on the above .1 te. Present, Mayor Birr and Councillors Smart, Grant, Hanna, Judd and Whelen.
Minutes of last meeting read and approved on motion of Crs Grant and Whelen.
Councillor Macfarlane entered and took his seat at the board.
- The slate of Weed Inspectors was approved for 1940, namely Messrs. E. J. Barber and A. H. Horner.
The following bills were presented for approval :
Maintenance of Insane .....
County Rate, 1940...........
Ed. Tubman, 4,390 feet cedar Warnie Richardson, 2,032 feet cedar .	...........
$12.00 per 100 12 00	44	44
11 00	44	44
10 00	44	44
9.00 V e4 8 00	44	44
March, 25 and 28...............
April 1, 4, 8, 11, 15, 18, 22, 25, 20
May 2. 0, 9...................
” - 13, = 10, 20; 23 •;./.•..
27 and 30 ...............
June 3, 0, 10, 13, 17, 20, 24, 27..
For White Leghorns $1.00 less per 100 than above prices
Order Early—Many hatches already partly ordered. To avoid
Disappointment Order Today
$84.00
Air in Industrial Areas
Purified by Electricity
The atmosphere surrounding in- ^
dustrial cities, dumps 1,000 tons of K r xtfQ PiCCGS TOT TOUT H 01116
rrSTJUS'ZSSfï l Tabl.,, Writing Desks, End Tables. Book Troughs
engineers, who say they have found	N	v .	Steels Chairs, Kitchen	Chairs,	Rocking	Chairs,
a way to purify the air by use of	^	r 1,1,1	1	'
e:cctricity.	B High Chairs, etc. _________________________
A new four-story store in Birming- 4	———
ham, A!a„ just completed, has been	B	g-	Ynnr	k itnhpn— Enamtrlware.	Aluminum-
equipped with an electrostatic de-	k*	rui	1 UUf	IXllVlIdl
vice which engineers say will make 2 ware. Milk Pails, Galvanized Bails, vVilSll 1 ubs, etc. ti c air 99 per cent pure.	™
The equipment takes out dust particles, some only four-millionths of an inch in diameter. Impurities are drawn from the air by electrically charging the particles and then pulling them out as they
ts
Chesterfield
#199 39 502 14 04 IS

34 17
Motion by (Jr a Smart-Hanna, that these bills be paid —Carried. ' Motion by Cra .Judd-Whelen, to ad-j -urn.—Carried.
ESTABLISHED 1883
g
;
COACH
3
INVALID
John A. Dean, Sec-Treas.
Beautify Your
I
6
Bedroom Here ! E
8
GEOEGE HYNES & SON
is

£ Prize Winners at
Bedspreads, Blankets, £ Short Course Comforters, Pillow Slips, Sheets, etc.
pass through an electrostatic field, in a manner similar to a magnet at- | N trading iron filings.	j ^
The air first is bombarded by ions 1 J* minute electrical charges—sent out by wires as fine as human hairs, ' • % carrying 12.000 volts. The ions attach themselves to particles in the or, giving them an electrical c l arge.
Directors of Funeral Service

m
« SwiNfc
ffton D tie, Jaee Hodgins, Oliver Bern, William
Walsh.
a

K'liott
Willie J. Hanna, Lyn-i
Basil Elliott, Lloy
Shawville, Que.
G
f
5
IS

Dean

Phone 80
(
1*7
3
Hi Elliott
2 ; Dairy Cattle — Lee Hodgins, S. Clarence Dean, Bruce Elliott, Willie Ë : J. Hanna, Gordon Meldrum, Oliver ^ Hran, Clifton D de, William Lucas, Basil 2 Elliott, Ronald MacKechnie and Lloyd
BlUdc.
R j F erf Cattle — Millie J. Hanna, Lie Hodgins, R «y Hobin, Bruce Elliott, I/oyd Dagg, Kenneth Woods, Vernon
.	ir-	n, Gallagher, Allan Young, John M< 'redie
Story Printed m Pans	N	_	.	n	p	n	i	n	I	l.ii.j	H and Alvin BeUher.
Was Original ‘Canard’	g	SuCCBSSOr tO	G.	F.	HOUginS l»0,	Limited	S' Bem CUrenoe Dear,
f. . .	°	,	N	________ »	11 ; Dalton Ru hardson. Basil El lott. llifton
;	11 .,s interesting to note the man- % ^, I)aie William Lucas, Ctrl Dale, Hillis
rer m which we have come to apply -------------------------.	. —---------- Thompson, Gordon Meldrum. Ray
the term “canard” to any slander —	-	IH 1 in
or outrageous story ‘'Canard" is	Cloveb _ L|,.yd IUgg. Lee
the French word for ‘‘duck. About 6	8 Hodgins. Emery Elliott. Willie Hanna,
CO years ago a French journalist set p,	.. j .	) I______I _ _ f| ^	§ L.tlton Richardson, V*rl Dale. Bruce
rœ» I The Hodgins Lumber Co. g	^***
to tell of a wager he had made with g	O	g ALKALKA-Athol Dale, Lloyd Dagg,
newspaper men to the	^	^ Dulton Richardson, Willie Hanna, Biuce
effect that, • given one day to pre-	|	8 Elliott, Emery Elliott, Keith Bean,
sitting C0U d 63 20 dueks at 8 0	C 1l	XI W Ak W I IN CjF	N G if ton Dale, Oliver Bean and Clarence
According to his tale his wager |	"	“	_____________________ g ” Wheat - Clarence Dean. Hillis
was eagerly taken by all who heard N -—-----------------------------------§ Thompson, Carl Dale. Emery Elliott,
now delivering MW Wood. Mace 8^^.^
M-ratfyrS I your order now.	B	B-K„....
Saw-Logs Wanted
mm
THE HOOQINS* (UMBER COMPANY
have the wo?d canard” to def^ I SHl ./VÜle,	-	QUCbCC	| place, FW Ho,uer. Clarence Dean and
just that kind of a yarn.	a	8 Herb *lcken*-

*
The air then goes through an in- \ N closure of alternately spaced high- -potential and grounded plates. The charged particles adhere to the plates, allowing the pure air to pass into the store.
3
I
5252532525E525252SZ525252525252525Z525H5yZ5LSH5y2555c52SE5252S

MaeLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
Tha Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves"
I l
$1.00
X
3 dozen
Salt Herrings .
Rinso, large package Oxydol Chipso
Soap Chips. 3 pound package ......
Bon-Ame, cake or powder...........
G.M. Floor Wax. paste ............
G.M. Self Polishing Wax. large tin ... Zebra Stove Polish, paste, per tin..,. Non Such Stove Polish, liquid, bottle
Babbetts Cleanser, per tin..........
Old Dutch Cleanser, per tin.........
O Cedar Polish, per bottle Lemon Oil,
Steel Wool, per package ............
Pearl, Comfort or P & G Soap per bar
Lux, large package .........
Brooms, gooc quality, each...!
Cooked Macaroni with Cheese large tin Clarks Pork & Beans, large tin
Habitant Pea or Vegetable Soup....
Mixed Cookies, per pound

X
• •
X
.23
X

.23
\
X
.23
<4
44
• #
• •
.25
X
IS
.14
V
X
.25
\
X
.50
\
X
.15
X
• e •
X
.19
X
.05
X
X
.10
X
.25
• #
.25
41
44
.10

.05

.25
.30
• • •
.18
.15
«•
• •••#
.12
.15
.1
• S
# # # #
XtZ/yiZiX'Xt/
yfflfjurwÆtFÆ*

###PAGE###6###






&







VA
Turkey in Asia.
Under the slim brunette girls guidance young Turks have become expert “Jitterbugs” and the all-refugee band which she conducts are swinging it in regular Benny Goodman style.
' “Benny	#	.	,
the Turks. I prefer Guy Lombardo,
but what can I do," sighs Miss Duke.
she only laughed us Americans ela-moved for passage home. But when American Government stamped "not valid tor travel In Europe in her passport, she couldn t laug
TOR0THEM, BENNY GOODMAN Just the same, M : Duke signed a contract to slug and lead the band in the Park Hotel of Istanbul Turkey The United States considers
Says King George Real Flying Man
Today'* Welsh Guard» Follow In Fathers’ Footsteps
the
Sunday
School
Lesson

“He Knows His Stuff” Is Tribute Paid by Veteran British
Aircraft Superintendent


Goodman is the idol of


#





























mISH





a real flying




“His Majesty is man; he knows his stuff."
This homely tribute was paid the King by Jack Sturgess. 69, a veteran aircraft superintendent, following a Royal tour of a British plant turning out Lysander planes for the
Royal Air Force.
As he walked around the shop
that turns out the two-seater general utility planes used for army co-operation duties, the King said “it carries me back to Crauvxell . That recalled -that he was attached to Cran well Air Force Staff College in 1917 and qualified as a pilot in 1919. He has kept abreast of air
affairs since that time.
There were many women workers in the plant and the King told them they were doing fine work for their country. He leaned over the sewing machine on which Mrs. A. J. Parry works 10% hours daily making airplane engine covers. She Royal smile with the com-that “this beats sewing at










¦















v


| This Curious World
w_____________jsm
By William Fergmon











%




\
i
LESSON I
AMOS PLEADS FOR JUSTICE
Amos 5, 7
Printed Text, Amos 5:1, 10-15,21-24 Golden Text: “Hate the evil, and love the good, and establish Justice In the gate.* Amos 5:15.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time — About 760 B.C.
Place — The prophecies of Amos uttered at Bethel, twelve miles









^ -


1
.







S#-#:

>


*
A



• •• • •
#
*


K


,


V-



f

¦ ¦

X

'X'X- ¦ •










R:
v
»

m
- '*

¦x. >
V.J.;
8





were
north of Jerusalem, and were primarily addressed to northern Israel. | The word “Amos” means “burden*1 or “burden-bearer”. The intro- 1 auction to the book informs us that he lived during the days of Uzziah, the king of Judah, who reigned from 810 to 758 B.C., and of Jeroboam II, who reigned over Israel I from 825 to 773 B.C. Amos thus was a contemporary of Hosea and of the I greatest of all the prophets, Isaiah, j Of the life of Amos we know noth- I ing outside what is found In thU book, but his own writing reveals « very distinct and interesting character. He was undoubtedly a pea- I eant, springing fr n a poor and ob- 1 acure family — & shephwd, ftnu I therefore a natural-born preacher. I He lived close to nature.	I
IN AMOS* DAT
Amos affords us a picture of the condition of the people of


<•







fâe.

\

X-.

¦
J ¦ ’<£•




SPOONBILL
yj





t




B



* ÿxJ

GETS ITS FOOD BV WADING, AND SWINGING ITS HUGE SPOONSHAPED BILL.
V
aw
.V

¦


? ¦

1 ¦
¦ 1
, I
1 :3

à 3
«


».

t
a


I >



won a
ment
home.”
>

•:


frcw\ side to
ta
SIDE, THROUGH
* «
I
s.
THE MUD AND WATER, AS IT ADVANCES.
Keep Jap Beetle Out of Dominion
f A
k


li




m
V
%
r
Vl /

*

Everything Is Being Done To Prevent Entry of This Agricultural Pest fnyn U. 3.
COM. 1937 «Y NE* SERVICE. INC.


<P
:v

%
g \
THE woeo „
â 'VWONKHELV''
\ COMES FROM /AON<lA/t \ THE DIMINUTIVE OF I AfO/VyA, AN ANIMAL I OF THIS GROUP FROM ' V— / WEST AFRJCA.	< /
.


is shown undergoing attack exworking through the ruins
war. These


The menace of the Japanese beetle to agriculture was pointed out to a U. S. Farm and Home Week group at Cornell University recently by Professor P. A. Readio of the department of entomology.
ATTACKS FRUIT. FLOWERS AND TREES
Among the more recently-introduced insect pests, this beetle stands out as the one likely to affect agriculture materially, he said.
varied in its tastes, and attacks fruit and shade trees, vegetables and flowers. Furthermore, Its grubs live In the soil, feed on grass roots, and cause serious damage to lawns and golf courses.
“Introduced as recently as 1916.
the beetle has already advanced
of eastern United
y
w


K8E?

actual _	e ,
the Northern Kingdom. The luxury	_	. . j
ot the rich was consplcnoue. These Old-FaShlOIied luxuries, he eaya. were obtained by	.	.
zsgrsæzrz " .	Dmd appu*
poor and needy; by dishonest trading; by taking bribes. The women showed themselvee as cruel and hard-hearted as men. Public and private virtues alike had decayed.
Humane laws were openly Ignored.
The poor man need not look for i e-drees in the courts where juetlee openly bought and sold.
PLEADS WITH ISRAEL Amos 5:1. Hear ye this word that 1 take up for a lamentation over you, O house of Israel. Amos pleads with Israel to seek the Lord, using the most powerful arguments he could command — that they would regain abundant life and the blessings which the hearts of all men do really crave.-10. They hate him that reproveth in the gate, and they abhor him that speaketh uprightly.
11. Forasmuch therefore as ye do trample upon the poor, and take exactions from him of wheat, ye have built houses of hewn stone, but ye shall not dwell In them; ye have planted pleasant vineyard#, but ye shall not drink the wine thereof. 12. For I know how manifold are your transgressions, and how mighty are your sins that afflict the just, that take a bribe, and that turn aside the needy in the gate from their right. 13.
Therefore he that is prudent shall keep silence in such a time; for it is an evil time. It will he noticed in this denunciation of Israel’s Iniquity that the sin which he rebates most severely is the injustice of one class to another, of the oppression of the poor by those
above them.	___
?

be carried out on several evenings, but the fruit does not suffer to any appreciable extent. If an oil-heated or electric oven is available, the heat can be regulated more easily, and the process can be carried out continuously or Intermittently according to the general use of the oven. The rack over a coal-range also be used, provided the fruit ft protected from dust.
Apples on the whole stand rying well. The fruit must be carefully poled and cored with all blemishes removed, and cut into rings from % in. to 1-8 in. Jn thickness.
rings should be arranged in single layers on the trays or threaded on sticks, which can be laid across the trays, and placed near the kitchen fire or in a cool oven at a temperature of not more than 140 degrees
A
3



K > •
I
I
Before the days of telegraphs and chronometers, ASTRONOMERS GOT THEIR. GREENWICH TIME FROM THE MOON.

4§u
If Your* Are Not Ktoping So Well Here’* A Hint
insects, mollusks, shellfish, and fishes.
Tray# are required on which to Uj the fruit; these may be purchased, or may be constructed by nailing together, in a square, four wooden laths, and stretching wire
cheese-cloth across the
It is
can
the lives of fish, in the
NEXT: What plays the chief role in obtaining of food?
was
gauie or framework.
INTERMITTENT PROCESS Drying must be done only in a* moderately warm oven; the spare heat of the oven or stove may be utilised after the cooking for the day is over. This probably means that the process cannot be a continuous one, and that it will have to
The
MODERN IRISH BARD
over a large area States, and its further spread and permanent residence seem inevitable. It is already abundant In the southeastern part of New York and is becoming more numerous in northern and western parts of the state.” The Canadian government is using every means at its disposal to keep the pest out of Canada.
among the best in Irish circles.
Answer to Previous Puzsle
HORIZONTAL
1,7 Pictured Irish writer.
11	Particular period.
12	To scoff.
14 Ditch.
16 Tract of waste |H1£
land.	EV
18	Viscous fluid. [TA
19	Mohammedan El
nymph.	DIE
20	Tree, genus _JM
1
HHBHW
ALICE
a
M 17 Hurried.
41 19 Bast fiber.
M 22 Street.
H 25 In abundance. Q 27 To toot gently H 29 To drink Hi slowly.
H 31 Form of “be.” ¦ 33 The color green.
34 Majestically. 36 Pointed ends.

y
F.
ÎIARBLE

ï
RADIO reporter
Bath-tub Tenors Easy On Towels
By DAVE ROBBINS
U9L
m m
LHIti * *
L
Ulmus.
21 To separate
iFs-:a=r-;i—S."
5	Singing voice. 46 Discharged
6	Dinner.
7	Year,
8	Since.
9	Auto trip.
10	Mass of spores 51 To move on.
11	He helped popularize the Irish
<pl.)-
13 Epoch.
15 He rated
harmony. What more would you ask in a half-hour show? Dial in Music and Manners . . . it's worth a listen.
Some Reason Quiet Ba-
BKTTER ON THE QUIZ
And now NBC digs up one to make life a little more difficult for the menfolk. The super statisticians made a check on the Name It and Take It show, heard from WJZ each Friday afternoon at 5:00, and they discovered that the women are better on the Quiz programs than the
men.	n
Our married engineer says he could have told them the women much better on the quiz, without them spending a lot of money to find out.
FINE YOUNG pianist
Daniel Erlcourt, the brilliant young French composer-pianist, will he heard again with the Columbia concert orchestra each Monday evening at 10:30. This youthful musician’s technique has been hailed by the world’s best in the ralm of music . . .who see in him the possible successor to the greatest pianist of them all — Ignace Paderew-
WMWWIS
For
there Wear Them Out More
y#
Quickly
* * *
There’s a new one on the NBC-Red network each evening at 7:15 that will thrill everyone who likes mystery. The program is a Mystery ... and it brings Bar-, ton Yarborough, Walter Patterson and Michael Raffette to the microphone in a series of cracking good mystery tales.
Try this one some evening when feel like playing detective at
your own fireside.
* * *
Singing In the bathtub, despite and tear on the neighbor's
tables.
50 Kind of chicken.
54 Otherwise.
57	Slack.
58	Wise.
60 He wrote

26 Mountain.
28	Southeast.
29	Dejected.
30	Genus of grasses.
32 Bad.
35 Measure.
37 Rumor.
39	To direct.
40	Senior.
41	Long inlet.
42	Ell.
43	Beside.
the wear
nerves, has been recommended to save the wear and tear on bathroom linens.
Scientists at the American Institute of Laundering approved of the bathroom yodelling after research bowed that it takes the place of ft
too-vigorous rubdown.
LIVES CAN TAKE IT silent bather is most like-bath towel, stretch it should have been
a gun.
47	Brought up.
48	Tramcar.
49	Energy.
I Love
• • e
pro
52	Bone.
53	Copper.
55	Behold.
56	And.
58	South Africa.
59	African tribe.
fine

are
61 He was more famous for writing
VERTICAL
1 To handle.
s
THE GOOD MAN 14. Seek good, and not evil, that
Jehovah, the
you
“The
1y to seize a
as it never _ stretched and seek new vigor by a strenuous rubdown.” the Institute reported. “The result Is a bath towel that is ruined by having its body stretched ~ut of shape and its threads torn.”
The institute “such maltreatment ranks with shoe wiping and razor blade cleaning as chief causes of bath towel
fatalities.”
ye may live; and so God of hosts, will be with you, as ye say. 15. Hate the evil, and lova good, and establish justice in
be that Jehovah,
And don't forget . . . Talk of the from CROC every Thurs-
2
Town .
day night at 7:45. A program of the little towns that are the backbone of Ontario. Listen in ... it might be from your town!
• •
the
the gate; it may the God of hosts, will be gracious
unto the emnant of Joseph. Israel is to seek the good that she might live. In Amos, goodness is the doing of justice in society, the aecur-of fair play between man and man. The man who would even try to live to himself could not be good in the Old Testament sense of the term, however many of the passive virtues he might possess.
SIN IN THE HEART 21. I hate, I despise your feasts, and I will take not delight in your solemn assemblies. 22. Yea, thong ye offer me your burnt offerings and meal-offerings. I will not accept
"""" *“ 1 ",;;t £
from me the
Ô
• * *
concluded that
THE week in radio
And the weekly dialing . . . Sunday . . . Jack Benny from the NBC-Red network at 7... Screen Guild Theatre via Columbia at 7:30 . . . Monday . . . With the Troops in England on the CBC chain at 8:30 . . . Little Or Hollywood from WJZ -Blue at 8:00 . . . muesday ... Mutiny on the High Seas from CHOC at 6:30 . . . Light Up and Listen to CFRB at 7:15 .. . Fibber McGee and Molly from CBL at 9:30 . . .
Thursday CBL at 7:00 . . . CBC Opera Hour . . . Friday at 10:00, Wood-

ski.
ing
1
F

AND COMEDY
Humour is a fragile substance which, like a chameleon, comes in various sizes and many colors. It ranks as a highly perishable commodity — hard to create and harder still to maintain. Humor ... in all its shades ... is the keynote of Music and Manners, a sparkling half-hour of fun and melody that WOR Mutual offers from its New York studios every Monday evening
at 8:30.
Ernie Fiorito, one of the music world's best, waves his baton at a fine band . . . Dawn Powell and Bud Hullck are the rollicking pair of comics . . . and the Eaton Boys make up a quartet that radiates
*0
31

I
[
Younger Turks Enjoy Swing
n
m

f
3
142

Introduces
American Girl Jitterbug Dancing in Istanbul
Louise Duke is a 26-year-old American girl who would rather teach the Turks to jitterbug than return to the peace and security of her Park Avenue home in New York.
Louise was singing in Paris boites when the war broke out, but
Waltz Serenade over
e * #
50
at 9:0
house and Hawkins from the CBC network . . . Saturday, the United States Today, Raymond Swing Talking, from CBL . . Symphony at 10:00 from CKOC-
CBL.
peace offerings of > oui
23 Take thou away noise of thy songs: for 1 will not hear the melody of thy viols. 24. But let justice roll down as waters, and righteousness as a n ,ght> stream. What God is condemning here Is the hypocrisy of Israel, in that she attempted to keep estern-allv the religious laws which were down by Monta. at the same time worshipping false gods of her own creation. Sacrifice, or any other outward religious observance is as such, either valued or do manded by God: It is valued aud demanded by him only as the expression of a right stale of heart.
tFhe prophets again and a*ainf l, Arcaslon to point out L> Israel
«Chair mistake, and to bring to m « d
of spiritual rellg-
in
7

Gram
. NBC
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Hats Off
laid


- he's JUST
LOOKING
«
#
y
z
FOR
4
n
Z
,
/
HIS
I
*


MAT
e

i

!

i

!
*

\

h
t
;


<
!
V
I
y

>
1
i
7
i
\
%

y-
>
\
i


s
A, true nature
m

¥¦


I
A

/
Starting Post

l 1

I
4.£
9
Montreal has a siffnpost wlVh
to the

•j

1





showing the way#L I Pole, South Pole, London

•rmi Horth ae4 Paris.

I 1
%

«
*



»•
-¦

V





r
f 4



el \
'«A

*
1



v

4

I



A

f


###PAGE###7###
\
change repeatedly gives oue the wrong number?
A. No. “Anger manages all things badly.” Patience, poise, and selfcontrol are virtues that should try tojmltivate.
Q. When a man Is leaving the home of his hostess, should he take special leave of his dinner partno, !
A. Yes. He should devote a few special words to his dinner part-To the others, a good-night
Gunner on British Bomber I» A Busy Man
DIXIE is the thrifty man’s tobacco
HEALT TOPICS
I
II


all

we




Canadians* Life
Span Increases

It's a cool, slow-burning smoke!
ner
Iclent
bow Is 6
6. NVhat is considered the most important thing in the training of
a child?
A. Obedience.
*4*
Life span of the average Canadian has been increased in the last 100 years from 30 to 60 Dr. Gordon Hates, General
4
i
years,
Director of the Health League of Canada, claimed in a recent address given in Toronto. He outlined a glowing future for preventive medicine. Although it is still a new field, men like Pasteur and Lister made such strides in checking the spread of disease that the mortality rate has been greatly decreased, he said.
PREVENTION COMES FIRST The idea of prevention is coming to the fore as its possibilities made known, Dr. Rates dc-
m
Ideal Man: Tall Dark, Blue-Eyed
PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO
William Smith College (Geneva. N.Y.) girls like their escorts to be polite, but not too polite, tall, dark, blue-eyed and good dancers.
A survey by the undergraduate newspaper at Hobart, neighboring men's college, revealed the requisite» *of a William Smith girl’s "Ideal." Some of the were:
he must not be too coated nof too polished.
He must dominate me and overwhelm me with finesse.
Tall, dark and blue-eyed.
A boy, preferably dark, who does not talk too much o allow me time to say something.
A beautiful waltzer, slightly on :he “wackey" side. His personality must be polished and he must be meticulously dressed.
All wool and a yard wide are desirable qualities not to be overlooked by the alert girl.
A nice line of conversation. But
are
dared.
The ancient Chinese paid their doctors only when they were well, and Dr. Bates suggested that Canadians might well adopt the same j principle.
What would state medicine | mean to citizens? Would there be j too many doctors, and how would i they be paid? These arc questions that are perplexing the medical -practice and the layman today, i But medical practice must change —illness is an expensive luxury, costing Canada one billion dollars annually. Dr. Bates suggested a re-organization along preventive lines, with health departments remore than their present
omments
I
sfc

4
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS..
i
• •
SEED OATS
ELECTRIC MOTORS
AGENTS W ANTED
FOUR THOUSAND BUSHELS of J5arly Seed OatP, O.A.C. No. 3 Variety. 4th prize Winter Seed Show, Toronto First prize Provincial Seed Exhibition. Chatham. First prize Lambton County Seed Show. Alvinston. 75c. Robert MacDonald. Brigden, Ontario.
ELECTRIC MOTORS. NEW AND Rebuilt, also pulleys and V-belts. Jones & Moore Electric, 296 Adelaide St. W., Toronto.
machine bx old-established company. State sales experience In full.
ELECTRIC MOTORS AND PUMPS. All sizes, for farm use. From $6.50 Write Leff Electric, London,
9

up
Address Rosm FA2. Anker-Holth Manufacturing Company. Sarnia. Ontario.	___
Ontario
British plane was reported lost in the raids
1,500 BUSHELS ERBAN VARIETY. 2nd prize Provincial Seed Exhibition. Chatham; 2nd prize. Lambton County Seed Show. Alvinston. Grade 1. All seed prepared with Government approved cleaner and Carter Disc Grader. 85c. Robert MacDonald. Brigden. Ontario.
FILMS
without wilting. Approved for sale by the Department of Agriculture, Ottawa. Send $2.00 for complete kit and Instructions. Big profits. National Sanitary Products, Urn-Red. Ijondon. Ontario.
APRIL ADVERTISING SPECIAL — dollar value for 30c and advertisement. Roll developed, printed or eight reprints, with craft embossed rnlargement 7 x 10. London Photo Service. Box 551. London Ontario
ceiving
grant of seven million annually.
ROBIN hood method
Canada’s present system of medical practice, he stated, follows the Robin Hood method, with the poor being given treatment by excellent physicians, only at the cost of their self-respect. The rich pay well for good service, but the middle classes are in the most unfortunate position of all, being expected to pay although they really cannot afford to do so. In England thirty years ago medical care made readily available to everyone through the institution of Health Insurance. Under this system a large group of the population contributed to a general fund from which the doctor was paid a definite amount per patient per year, whether his patient was well or sick.
OVERNMENT
ERBAN OATS
Grade No. 1. clean seed, germination 99 per cen*. 75c bushel, F.O.B London. A. G. Murray. Wilton Grove. Ontario.______________
the present “ceilings” of around 36,000 feet does not have oxygen he will die a quick violent death.
The new type of mask, which resembles a hog’s snout equipped with a sponge rubber valve, keeps both the nose and mouth covered, with oxygen fed from a pressure tank.
INDOOR WATER TOILETS

FOR FARM. SUBURBAN AND SUM-homes, where water facilities
Government
How Can I?
LINE
MATCH BOOKS — NEW
just out. Beautiful gol4 processed samples. Send 10c fof packing. Salesmen mention terril ary wanted. A gents! Act quickly. Paynes.
Wallingford Building.
mer
are nor. available Home Improvement payments arranged. Circular on request. Canadian Sanitation Company. G7 York Street. Hamilton._____________
NEED FOR SALE
GOVT.
HOME GROWN SEEDS
graded. Alfalfa, red clover, alslke. Timothy, sweet clover. Ask for prices and samples. The Caledonia Milling Co. Ltd.. Caledonia
i
BY ANNt ASM* t=V
Limited.
Winnipeg
HALTER CONTROLLER
Q. How can I avoid the necessity of tying the ends of the threads when hemming towels, tablecloths, sheets, and similar articles?
A. After hemming these articles, turn around and stitch bark for an inch or bo, and it will not be necessary to tie the thread
ends.
EARN DOUBLE FOR YOUR >F-forta! Easy, interesting work in a district chosen by you. Products well-known throughout Canada — sure-sellers all. Get started once! By return mail drop a line ro fb* Familcx Products Company.
Montreal. ________
s
DANGEROUS BULLS ALLOWED freedom of pasture with complete safety to your family. - Write for particulars: The Ashley Agency, 1769 Dufferin St.. Toronto.____________
STEM-RUST RESISTANT VA\-guard Oats, 3rd generation, registered. No. 1. John R. Stewart, Strathroy. Ontario.
—O
Mme CURIE’S DAUGHTER
Frederic Joliot and his Irene Joliot Curie, of the 1935 Nobel Prize
at
Dr
was
SIBERIAN COSSACK ALFALFA, very hardy. Number one. $20.00 a
wife, Mme winners
in chemistry, have been awarded the 1940 Barnard Gold Medal for meritorious service to They are co-workers in the Rad-Institute of Palis and pion-the field of atom smashing. They discovered artificial radioactivity and were the first to furnish proof of the possibility of transforming one element into another,
Mme. Joliot-Curie is the daughter of Mme. Marie-Curie, codiscoverer with her husband of radium.
lemen
> S
HERB-GROWING
very naray. mumoer une,	»
bushel. Number two. $18.00. Bags 30c. Express prepaid. J. E. Muir, Ceylon, Ontario.
Him CHICKS
$5.000 CROP FROM HALF ACRE — People everywhere are growing Ginseng and Golden Seal (Medicine herbs). Enormous profits! We supply seed, instructions, buy every pound. Particulars 10c (credited). No triflers. Associated Herb Growers. Box 27 W., St. Norbert, Manitoba.	_______________
ORDER BABY CHICKS NOW AT-rraefive prices on well bred Barred Rocks. White leghorns. Hump-shires. Austrolorps. Write for prices. Wlngham Hatchery. Wing ham, Ontario,
science
SONG POEMS WANTED
RUSH POEMS FOR IMMEDIATE consideration. Outstanding offer if accepted. A. R. Lueck, 701 Bench Ave.. Winnipeg. Man
Q. How can I treat new sash cords in order tn make them 'ast much longer?
A. Soak them in boiled linseed oil and allow them to dry thoroughly before installing them.
Q. How can I prevent >gravy
from becoming lumpy ?
A. Add a pinch of salt to the flour that is used for thickening, before mixing it with water.
Q. How can I store blankets so
that they will be mothproof?
A. Before storing the blankets, that they are thoroughly clean, then pack with moth balls and
leaving no cracks for
îum eers in
LARGE TOM BARRON LEGHORNS mated to cockerels from R. O P and contest winning flock. 8c; pullets 16c; Collins Poultry Farm. (Osnabrück Centre). Wales. Ont.
HOUSES FOR SALE
USED BOOKS, MAGAZINE»
SEND FOR FREE LIST OF GOOD used fiction at bargain prices. Adventure, mystery, romance by the best modern and old time writers.
State your	,	„ ..
authors. Largest stock of fiction in Canada. Book Exchange. 3< 0 Bloor West Toronto.
i ’HOICE OF 3 'YOUNG CLYDE STALlions: bay, brown, and black. Priced right. Emerson Dill. Gads In ill,
Modern
Etiquette
On
n
TRANSFORMA
WIGS. TOL PES.
tions. Switches, Curls, and types of fincot quality Hair Goods. Write for illustrated catalogue. Confidential, terms arranged. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co., 528 Bathurst Street Toronto.
all
favourite titles and
MAPLE SYRUP
PURE MAPLE SYRUP IN ONE GALIon cans, Sl.tiO per gallon, N. B. Smith. South Roxton, Quebec.
BY ROBERTA LEE
MEDICAL
THE DEMAND FOR. BADEN Chicks is greater every year. The reason our customers are satisfied with our high quality Government Approved chicks from bloodtested breeders, and they know they do not have to pay a big price to get Quality in Baden chicks. Compare our Quality, compare our Prices. Standard Quality White leghorns, $8-95. 90 per cent. Pullets $18.95, Barred Rocks,	New Hampshire»
$9.45.	Pullets	$16.90. cockerels
$6.00. White Rocks. White W y a in -Light	Suss rx, Hybrids,
Rocks x	New Hamps., New
White 10.45.
LYONS’
!
HEf’ATOI-A RELIEVES STOMACH and Liver troubles. Symptoms: Pains in right side, under shoulder blades and across hips, indigestion. gas, constipation, gall trouble. Formula of doctor. Resuits In one day! Price $5.00. Mrs. Geo. S. Almas. Box 1073W Suska toon. Sask.
Q. When playing bridge, ig a person ever justified in criticising the play of his or her partner?
A. Never. Under no circumstances should one do so. Nowhere is good breeding more noticeable than in sports and games.
Q. Isn’t it improper for two persons to shake hands across the table?
A. Yes. However, if one person extends his hand across the table, the other person must accept it.
Q. When a hostess is going to serve cocktails and knows that one or two of her guests do not care for them, what should she do?
A. The hostess should prepare tomato juice, or something of the kind for these guests.
Q. Isn’t one justified in expressing anger when the telephone ex
- HAVE
YOU HEARD?!
?
SPRING CLEARANCE SALE
see
" ;
HIGH CLASS RECONDITIONED F CRN IT CRB
Every article thoroughly reconditioned, guaranteed absolutely clean and sold with a positive money-back guarantee of satisfaction.
$24.00 Solid oak dining suite, buffet, extension table and 6 leather seat
chairs.	.
$39.00 Nine piece oak dining suite, buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather upholstered
$4s!oO^Smart walnut finish dining suite, buffet, extension table, china cabinet, and 6 leather seat chairs. $69.00 Modern English oak dining suite, perfect condition, buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$72.00 Large walnut dining suite, buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather seat chairs. $89.00 Beautiful large solid walnut buffet, extension table.
newspapers math* to enter. If properly done this is just as effective as mothproof bags.
Q. How can I remove a salad dressing stain from light silk material ?
A. This stain should be absorbed with flour or white talcum. Or, use a solvent such as carbon tetrachloride.
I
BEACH'S Formula" grows hair rapidly, kills dandruff, stops falling nair, itching scalp. Hundreds of testimonials. Boxes $1.00, postpaid. Use half contents, if not satisfied, return the unused portion — your money refunded instantly. L. and B Beach. B2362, North Vancouver. B.C. Sçalp specialists for 13 years. Our reputation protects you.
BALD? GOING BALD?
"Do I understand you to say, asked the magistrate, ’ that when heard a noise you got out of bed, turned on the light, and went to the head of the stairs — that a burglar was at the foot of the stairs and you did not see him? Are you blind ?”
"Must I tell the exact truth?” naked the witness, as he blushed furiously.
"Yes, the truth ami nothing but
the truth.”	,
"Well.” replied the man, slowly,
•'my wife was iu front of me.’’
"Wonder If I could find a match for this coat.”
“Burn the trousers too, while
you're at It.”
dot ten.
Barred
Ha nips x Barred Rocks, Leghorn» x Barred Rucks Pullets $16.90, Cockerels $6.95, Big Egg Quality and Extra Select Quality slightly higher. Send for complete price list and circular. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Ltd , Bad< n. Ontario.
you

1
EMBARRASSED WITH PIMPLES or Blackheads? A famous skin specialist's creme, will relieve you — money-back guarantee. One dollar brings month’s treatment. Full simple instructions. Hygeia Products. London, Ontario._________________

*
BRAY
through
cent.".
Pullets.
BETTER LUCK WITH chicks . . . fewer losses . . . February lay 70-75 per writes Mrs. Roy Allan, chicks, cockerels, immediate shipment. Special bargains 2-3 week pullets, cockerels. New Hampshire. Rocks, New Hampshire x Barred Rocks. White and Columbian Wy-andottes. leghorns. Rhode Island Reds. Capons. Turkeys. Order soon from Bray Hatchery, 130 John N., Hamilton.
What Science! Is Doing •

suite. ---- .	,
china cabinet and 6 blue leather seat chairs.	.	.
$5.00 Several solid oak buffets in golden and fumed finishes.
$8.50 Oak and walnut finish china
cabinets.	1A1_	,
$4.50 and up. Dressers with large mirrors in oak, walnut and enamel finishes.
$12.95 Complete bed outfit, steel bed. walnut finish sagless spring and new mattress.
$39.00 Complete bed
dresser, chiffonier, full size bed. sagless spring, and new mattress. Perfect condition.
$45.00 Beautiful walnut bed room suite, large vanity, chiffonier, full size bed and sagless spring.
$59.00 Special floor sample modern suite in bleached walnut finish.
Venetian mlr-
MINK* FOR SALK
i
PURE QUEBEC’S. CHOICE, LARGE kitts. Dark, silky, densely furied. Few bred females, $27.50. Ramona Mink Ranch, Markstay, Ontario.
LOWERS BLOOD PRESSURE
Discovery was announced last week of a chemical which brings quick relief to persons with high blood pressure.
The substance is a body regulator similar to insulin, the hormone which controls the use of sugar In the body.
It has been isolated from the blood serum of oxen and has been used in the treatment of the disease in humans to bring excessive pumping of blood through the body’s pipelines down to normal within forty-eight hours.
NEW OXYGEN MASK
A new hip-pocket oxygen flask and a new face mask designed to save the lives of military fliers are being perfected in the U. S. The new equipment is designed to prevent a pilot inadvertently “committing suicide” if he accidentally opens his mouth at high altitudes. •
if a pilot flying an airplane at
CREAM
OFFER TO INVENTOR»
LIKE THE AUTOMOBILE MANUfacturer. bigger demand, greater production enables us to give you more for your money. The consistently increasing demand for Twed-dle Chicks has made It necessary to add to hatching capacity year after year. Over a million chicks aold in 1939. we are prepared to hatch more in 1940 and most Important of all better chicks and at lower prices. Send for free illustrated catalogue, prices as low as $9.45. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and full Infor* mation sent free. The Ramsay Co.. Registered. Patent Attorneys, 273 Bank Street, Ottawa, Canada.
WANTED
room suite

An old farmer went to the dentist to have an aching molar removed. The operation was completed; and the patient then Instructed the dentist to remove the next one.
explained That one only aches

We are paying a real high price for cream F.O.B., Toronto. Write for particulars
and cans.
The Toronto Creamery
The United Farmers Co-operative Co. Ltd.
Duke and George Streets TORONTO, Ontario.
PERFUME — SPECIAL OFFER
MAILED
English Tweed Perfume of unusual quality for discriminating people. Today’s most popular perfume. $ 1.00 value for 25c. Address to Devonshire Perfumes. 153 Sheridan Ave., Toronto. _________
PREPAID

PERFUME
"It Isn’t necessary
waterfall design
rors. dresser or vanity, chiffonier, full size bed, sagless spring, now mattress and pair of pillows.
$19.00 Modernistic bed room suite, in two-tone walnut, large vanity. Venetian mirror, bench, chiffonier, full size bed and sagloss spring. Perfect.
$2.95 Large chesterfield chairs, upholstered in brown mohair, Marshall cushions.
$8.50 Odd chesterfields in mohair and
Marshall reversible
the dentist, in sympathy "Yank It out, then,” growled the Darn such sympathy as
PERSONAI
IIA lx KHV EQUIPMENT
farmer
that.”
QUIT TUUAvVU. SNUFF. EASILY, inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials, (lunrsuteed. Advice free. Hart let Va Box 1. Winnipeg.
BAKERS’ OVENS AND MACHINery, also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence invited. Hubbard Port-
108 Bathurst St.,
I'd like to ask you a
She
able Oven Co Toronto.
question
STOP-TOBACCO. Special. Quit smoking. chewing tobacco, snuff, easily, quickly. Complete guaantee treatment, 60c. Reliable Products, Box 251, Regina, Mask
THIS BOOK IS FREE
IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR RK-lief from weaknesses of Stomach. Kidneys. Liver or other bodily Ills, write for our “Family Botanic Guide". Thousands of Canadian customers praise these remedies. Do not delay — write to-day. HEALTH PRODUCTS LIMITED Dept. M, Saskatoon, Sask.
Ask It dear.”
She: “Am I the only girl whose money you ever loved?"
He
repp covers spring cushions.
$14.00 Kroehler chesterfield bed, upholstered In blue figured velour.
$24.00 Smart 3-piece Kroehler chesterfield suite, reversible spring cushions. Velour cover, all over.
$27.00 Large 3-piece brown mohair chesterfield suite, perfect condition, figured reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$35.00 Beautiful large 3-pleee brown mohair chesterfield suite (cost new approximately $285). Reversible Marshall spring cushions. Perfect condition.
$3.95 Extra special. Brand new mattresses, filled with new, fluffy cotton, well tufted, roll edge. All
sizes.
$8.95 Kitchen cabinet# with roll fronts, sliding porcelain tops, various finishes.
$4.50 Gas Stoves. 2, 3 and 4-burners, with ovens. Guaranteed.
Bey With t'oefldeece
All merchandise sold with ¦ peeltlve
BASKETRY — REED WORK

LEARN BASKETRY. INTERESTing. educational, complete instruction, 25c. Free catalogue and reed-work instructions. Dominion Reed Supplies. Department W., Toronto Ontario._______________________________
RELIGIOUS
Is smoking
Passenger in bus: permitted, conductor? Conductor: “N
BEFORE
ELIJAH COMING Christ" Wonderful book sent free Meglddo Mission, H New York.
Rochester
Well, where did all these cigarette ends come front?” Conductoi
didn’t ask questions
Passenger
CANADIAN POULTRY .REVIEW
During 1938 the nine dredges operated in the Yukon Consolidated Gold Corporation handled 8,550,000 cubic yards of gravel, which yielded 60,056 fine ounces of gold and 14,413 fine ounces of silver.
From people who
CANADA’S OLDEST AND BEST poultry magazine. A real help to any poultryman large or small. Only $1.00 per year. Sample copy. 10c. Canadian Poultry Review. 184 W. Adelaide Street, Toron to. _
COLLEGES, TRADE SCHOOLS
RINGS INSTANT IASI
•S0>
1
from
MiM Howler: “Did my voice
fill the drawing room?”
Br. Bluntly: “No, It filled the refreshment room and the conservatory.”
r ASTHMA 1 BRONCHITIS
LEARN SHORTHAND, TYPEWRIT-Tnf, bookkeeping at home. Write Home Study Institute. 654 Furby Street. Winnipeg, for particulars.
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
I
AND TOUCH, NAN# #N
»
l
Grandpa,” said a little girl, something this morning run
COUGHS «COLDS
. mo FASTU TOu
EDUCATIONAL
I
A
Used
New
saw
nlng across the kitchen floor without any lege. What do you think it was?” Grandpa studied tor a while
What was it?” hr

!
Story, Journalism, Shorthand and Speech Culture. Make use of your •pare time. Write today. Canadian Correspondence College, (established 190?) $29 Yonge Street Toronto.
LYONS FURNITURE CO. 478 Yonge St — Toronto
SPECIALIZING IN RF.III'ILT MOTORS, POWER-l NITS, My dree tie Relate, Wl
I
fere. Red let
gUCKLEY g
and gave up asked. “Water!” aald the youn
triumphantly.
ISSUE NO. 14—’40
Sattefeetlee et refund. Levy Ante
Perte, ,T<* rente.

t


###PAGE###8###

Road Conditions Bad
Mr. K. W. Hodgius was in
office Tuesday and reported that he, with the President and Executive of Pontiac Agricultural Society, and the Agronomist, IN. A. Drummond, attempted to visit the home of the late ex president H. G. Young, at Bristol, on Monday and were obliged to turn back on account of the conditions ot the
roads.
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Look Here

Step Out In Style
this
For Salr, Wants, Found
!
Lost otc.
o
WANTED-A good dining room girl, at Foktiac HotShawville.
71
With a New Spring Mat
All new Shades and Styles
Priced from
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
Apply Phone, 35.
WANTED—A few young heifer calves, crade Ayrshire*. Apply to Georub Meldrvm, W>inan. Que. Phone 1-11.	|
5
LOST—Somewhere between Shaw ville and Harry Hobbs, a man's wrist watch. ! Finder please notify Mb». Lindsay Armstrong, Shaw ville, Que.
K
Phone. 278
i r»
/////
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
FOR SAFE—One Clyde Horse coming #years, weight about 1300 lbs , sound . 50 hens ; 4 tut key hens and 1 guider ; 1 pair geese ; 2 sows due to farrow in May. Apply to Henry Lucas, Weir-stead. Que.
$1.95 and
Z
up
V
I
4
New Suits-------Popular Single and Double
Breasted Styles, New Patterns. All with
Priced $19.50 to $27.50
Royal
HAY FOR SALK—A. quantity of pressed and loose bay. Apply to Mr. Anthony Armstrong, R. no Shaw-ville. Phone 10 -7.
Veterans enlisted in the Canadian Mounted Police for war-time duties receive the medical and surgical treatment privileges accorded to regular members of the Force.
Pulpwood Wanted
No writing. No money orders. , No bother. Just call or phone, 100% live delivery guaranteed.
G. Harold Qoulton
Bristol Egg & Poultry Association BRISTOL . QUEBEC
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood, F.O.B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick-up by trucks Phone or write,
J. M. ARGUE, Shaw ville, Que.
2 trouser
FOR SALE—Several young Holstein Cows, due to freshen soon. Apply to Clifford Horner, R. No. 1, Shaw ville. Phone 15-16.
Forsyth make. Famous for
Mens Shirts	„ .
their wearing quality, all sizes, white or
Wilson’s Garage
$1.65 to $2.00
coloured. Priced from
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
CHICKS FOR SALE-Started chicks-Barred Rocks. New Hampshire* and White Leghorns. Also -four-week old Barred Rock and New Hampshire Cockerels. Apply to B. T, Stark, Shaw ville.
The Same Reliable Service
Phone 7G
Roy G. Fraser
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
FOR SALE-Six Head Onod Cattle One Young Horse.
Wyman. Que.
'
J AH. J. Graham,
Flowers, Gifts,
Novelties
House For Sale
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886
Ford Service
GIRL WANTED—A good reliable girl to clerk in Rake Shop. For particulars , apply to Shawvillk Bakery.	i
Comfortable dwelling houseon Young Street, Shawville, E**t of Exhibition Park
interior finished, feemi-buugalo type, six large rooms with summer kitchen anti out-buildings.
able price for cash. Apply to,
J. A. REN NICK
Shawville, Que.
Phone 160
home of Mrs. C. J. Caldwell, on Monday night, with the President, Miss Irene Shaw in the chair.
The meeting opened with re pea tin g the Institute creed and ode was, " Keep the Home Fires Burning %
Delegates appointed to attend the County Convention at Fort Coulonge were, Mrs. C. H. MacLean and Mrs. XV. V. L. Corrigan. A committee including Mrs. H. Armstrong, Mrs. N. A. Drummond and Mrs. G A. McDougall, was selected to organize a Health Project under the supervision of Dr. Janet K. Ling.
The Institute was divided into three sec i hi- under the leadership of Mi ». C. 11. MacLean, Mrs. R XV. Ilodgin*ninl Mrs. A Draper,
Mis» Helen KverlML gave a very interesting talk mi *\»leat»”, their value and danger in the diet.
Miss XX htnified McDowell was the assisting hostess.
Teachers Engaged
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
Building nine year» old. full
Applications for Teachers considered at Saturday night s sitting of Clarendon School Board and the following Were engaged :
For Clarendon Xo. 1 —Mr. Thomas Wallace ••	2 —Miss Beulah Fiudlay
“	3 —Grs. 1-4 Miss Joyce Find
FOR SALE—A quinity of good Victor Oats, suitable for set-d ; aUo some potatoes. Apply to W. J. Woods, McKee, Que,
were
J. P. Wilson
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in
Will be sold at reason-
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
Ayrshire
FOr SALE— Three young Milch Cow*, also one Driving or General Purpose Horse, aged K years, sound and quiet. Apply to P. L Grant, K K. No. 1, Shawville. Phone 14-9
On
vite your patronage, orders of $1.00 or over, phone
On orders of
Phone—24 j %
us collect.
$5.00 or over phone us collect
and we shall prepay.
lay
v 3 -Grs. 5-7 Miss Hazel Lang “	4 —Miss Marjorie Wilson
5 - “ Ruby Stevenson 7 - “ Verna Strutt «• g — “ Muriel Horner 9 — " Mary Brownlee " 10 — 41 Orla Mee 4» ii __ “ Eileen Walsh 12a- “ Lottie Wright " 12b- " Eleanor Kilgour <« i3 _ “ Audiey Fulrotd 44 i4 __ «« Myrtle Hod gins
For SHAWVILLE High
Principal, Grade 11—Mr- C. S. Douglas, B.A : Grade 10—Mr. Jas G. Gordon ; Grade 9—Miss Liai a Strutt ; Grade S— Miss Robin a Wallace ; Elementary Grades -Misses Margaret Judd, Edna Curran, Amy Corrigan, Hilda Ha iris, Household Science, Miss Rlimla McLean ; French Specialist, Mr. Ben Midlige.
I
S4
St

Phone anytime between 7am
and 11 p. m.
h
z
1
>]i
I
$
S •
;
i
#
* '

Largest African Bridge
The longest single-span bridge in Africa and the third longest in the world, crosses the Sabi river, in Southern Rhodesia, and is 1,080 feet long. Its single arch rises to a height of 230 feet. Work began on it in April, 1934. It was the gift of he trustees of the late Alfred Beit and has been named the Birch-enough bridge in recognition of the services to the country of Sir Henry Birchenough, the chairman of the Beit trustees and president of .he British South African company. Fifteen hundred tons of steel have into the bridge. Its purpose is
Mrs. Thomas Trudeau
Dies at Her Home in Maryland
Mrs. Thomas Trudeau, wife of a well-known retired farmer, died Thursday morning, April 4th, at her home at Maryland, Que., after an illness of two years. She was in her 82nd year.
Formerly Ellen Murphy, she was born in Maryland and was a life long resident there. In November last she and lier husband celebrated the 56th anniversary ot
their marriage.
lived a quiet life, devoted mainly to her family, and she was highly esteemed by a wide circle of friends.
Surviving are her husband, five sons, William Joseph, of Maryland; Clifford, Frank and Stephen, of Ottawa, and Michael, of Toronto ; three daughters, Mrs. Wm Two lan, of Ottawa ; S'ster Mary Francis. of Joan ot Arc Institute, and Mrs Richard Kelly, of St Saveur, Que., and one sister. Mrs. Edward Fitzgerald, of Killaloe, Ont.; also 21 grandchildren.

*
\



*
#J8
1

Campbell s Bay United W. M. S
m


The Women’s Missionary Society of Campbell’s Bay United Church held their annual Easter thankoffering meeting on Wednesday evening, April 3rd, at the home of Mrs. H. R. Lummi with a good
attendance of members.	.
The opening devotional period was in charga of the president, Mrs. H. T. Lunam and the minutes and quarterly report weie given by the secretary-treasurer, Mrs. Wm. Cain. A very generous Raster offering was received.
Plans foi completing two quilts and also other articles for the bales to be sent to Dominion Church, Ottawa, were discussed. Mrs. Gordon Elliott, supply secre tary, to purchase material required for this purpose.	.
“The Living Christ in the Living Church' was the title of this Easter program in which several ot the members took part and brought some of the finest state ments made at the Madras Conference and incidents illustrating the triumphs of Christ throughout the world as told by the dele-

Mis. Trudeau
gone
to give the people of the eastern district access across the Sabi river to the central districts of Southern Rhodesia.
The bridge will also to open up to visitors from
serve
the Union of South Africa and elsewhere one of the most beautiful mountain districts in the territory.
STABILIZED FRONT END
PERFECTED KNEE-ACTION
(On Special De luxe Model» )
Radia tor, hood, headlights and fenders arc firmly and securely bound together in a rigid framework of struct ural steel to give true front-end stability. The Stabilized Front End means freedom from squeaks and rattles you money on repair bills.
q#
h ill
:•
First Printed ‘Franks’
The first printed franks, comparable to the stamped envelopes and covers of modern times, were issued in 1653 in Paris. M. (afterwards Count) de Villayer, with royal sanction, sold letter-covers of wrappers bearing a distinctive mark. His footmen collected and delivered otters in such wrappings, removing the wrappers upon delivery.

5
!
1
Assembled as an integral unit complete in itself, to assure perfect balance and, therefore, perfect springing,
steering and braking in each individual car. Easiest ride on any road !
Raeben Howard Dies Suddenly at Ottawa
Rueben Howard, member of the Canadian Army Service Corps for a short time, died suddenly Friday at an Ottawa hospital. He was in his 39th year.
Mr. Howard became ill suddenly at his home 150 Cambridge Street, Ottawa, He was taken to hospital where he died soon after. Dr. W. T Shirreff, chief coroner, was called and said an inquest would not be necessary.
Born in Yam section, Clarendon, lie was the son of John Howard and the former Maggie Dagg, who are survivors. He went to Ottawa 12 years ago and was engaged in the welding business. A short time ago he joined the Canadian Ai my Service Cerp-.
He married the former Della Bertrand, of Eastview, who survives with four children, Gerald, Earl, Lillian and Helen, all at home.
—saves
AUTOMATIC RIDE STABILIZER
t
t
IMPROVED
WEIGHT DISTRIBUTION
Another Large Calf
Last week Earl Dud* reported the birth of a 122 pound Holstein calf at his farm. This week N or-val Kilgour tells us that one ot his Holstein cows gave birth to a call recently which tipped the scales at 125 pounds and that this is the second time in recent years that a 125’pound calf has arrived at his
fa rm.
gates.
Those taking part were Mrs. Jas. Carswell, Mrs. W. Hines, Mrs. H. E. Loken, Mrs, E, G. Warren, Mrs. H. R. Luna m, Mrs. F. E
181 inches
:
c*
I

Henderson and Mrs. H. T. Lunam.
Refreshments were served by the hostess at the close of the meeting.
/' /
Illustrated—Chevrolet Special De Luxe Sport Sedan.
Scientific distribution of weight over springs in this longest of all lowest-priced cars—completes the story of today’s finest ride,“Chevrolet’s Ride Royal!” Come in and try it today.
Attached to the front end of the chassis frame, and linked to the lower Knee-Action member, it imparts genuine steadiness on and sharp turns!
Quyon Red Cross Nursing Class Concludes
curves
Muskrat Skins
The classes of the Nursing Course of the Quyon Red Cross Society held their closing exercises Thursday night of last week in the Red Cross rooms. The jessQU wtv* in the form of a quiz contest.
In charge of the course were Mrs. Angus McLean and Miss Rita McLean and Dr. It. M. Hudson. Thirty six members received cer tifi cates. '
The secretary-treasurers, Misses Marjorie Smith and Justine O Com , reported a balance of $19."" hand, which was tinned over to the society.
A vote of thanks was extended to Mrs. A. McLean, Miss McLean Mrs. Ernie Keon, Miss Marjorie Smith, Dr. Hudson, Robert Bronson and Alwin Manary for their services.
After a social hour, refreshments were in charge of Mrs. Fred Bronson, Misses Aileen Gavan and Dorothy Moore.
RIGID ALL-STEEL BODY AND BOX-GIRDER FRAME
Spring Mu-kiat Skins Wanted. Highest maiket prices paid
N. K. HORNER. Shawville, Que.
SCIENTIFICALLY BALANCED SPRINGS
31
Phone 43
oMOKE
Mrs. Wm. Zacharias Dies at an Ottawa Hospital
Louisa Thoms, wile of William Zu-hariafe, of Leslie township, died after an illness of some months at Ottawa Civic Hospital on Sunday morning, April 7th, at the age of 35 years.
Mrs. Zacharias was born in the Township of Thorne, a daughter of Mrs Annie Thoms and the late James Thoms. She was mar | t ied 13 years ago and is survived by her husband, two sons, Delbert and Herbert, and two daughters, Freda and Velma, all at home, and four brothers, Edward, Fred, William and. Adolphe, all ol Thorne township.
The remains were conveyed to the home on Monday and the fun-, eral was held on Wednesday I Zion Lutheran Church and Cetne-The April meeting of Shawville tery. at Schwartz. Rev. K. Sobbe Women « Institute was held at the conducted the service.

0
Paoperty For Sale

With double-acting shock absorbers, and with spring action varying automatically according to load and deflection , “balanced Springing” assures uniform riding smoothness.
Dwelling house and lot in Ladysmith, belonging to Estate *»f the late Gustaf Schwartz Must be sold to close Estate.
preference.
please address all offers in writing to the undersigned before the 15th of April, 1940.
The strongest and most rigid body and frame construction known to modem automotive engineering— makes for solid, long-lasting comfort and safety.
it
nor
Cash offers will receive
on
4
C-4MB
H. 0. ROW AT, N.P.
Shawville, Que.
JOHN L. HODGINS
FOR SALE
Quebec
Shawville
•» Tite-Lap ” Sheets Galvanized Steel Roofing ordinary and Council Standard. Send ri lge and rafter lengths for estl mate.
EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd. 1335 Delorlmier Avenue
Montreal. Quebec
Shawville W. 1. Hold Interesting Meeting
to
(
