###PAGE###1###
Oc44g2>^3ry
M§tcCp^Al»r(l
St
De
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United 8 ta tee
I
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 19.19
No 34, 56th Year
PERSONAL MENTION
Cowling
BORN
Mill Wood— Hodgins Lumber Co., will deliver mill wood to
place in the village at the reduced I Mrs. Alf Elliott is visiting friends Kelley—At Showville Commun price of 12.00 per load of about in Ogdensbutg, N. Y.
three cords. Order now.	Mrs. 8. E. Hodgins, of Ottawa
Food Sale -Under the auspices spent the week-end in town of SL PauTs Ladies' Guild, a food
aale will be held at the Pontiac. . ,	, . -	..	..
House on Saturday afternoon, vi-Ded friends in towin tor a few
February 18th.	day» last week.
Shawville Hardware
ia„WS Mr. %:I Business College
whrd Kelley, (nee Mary Walsh) ot Onslow Cornets Que., a son
38 Bank Street Ottawa, Canada
Mi«a Flora Hmlgina, of Ottawa,
Bush Supplies
DIED
The only business school in this district that measures up to the standard set by the business Educators Association of Canada— the highest in the Dominion.
Mrs. John McCagg, of Ottawa
Y arm Y. P. U. are holding a Val
entiue Box Social on Friday even- »week-end guwt <>t hersistei ing. Feb 17ili, in ttie Coiunnmtty »«•*• A. A. Smart, in town.
Hall. An entertainment will be Mis. Nobel Baskin. Reg N„ is provided entitled, “The Way of visiting her mot her and other re Life " Ladies bringing boxes ad-1 latives in Ottawa this week, nutted free ; other admissions 25 cents. All are welcome.
Mrs—At hi* lute residence. Hh Line, Clarendon, Que., on Sun day evening. February 12th, of James Mee, beloved husband of
W/t/M The funeral was I Enter any time. Individual instruction held at two o’clock oq Tuesday afternoon, lltli lust, from his late residence to the Standard Church, Shaw ville. Interment at Maple Grove Cemetery.
Axes
73rd yea i
Swede Saws Cross Cut Saws
Axe, Saw and Splitting Wedges
Axe and Saw Handles
Coil Chain Hooks
Mr. Kenneth Smyth, of Ottawa, is spending a vacation at the home
Northern Quebec Mining Towns]of hi»mother, Mm. F. U. Smyth.
Misses Ina McDowell and Margaret Dagg, were recent guests of Mr. and Mrs. A. M. MacLean, in Pembroke.
W. E. COWLING, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE j Principal
!
Suffer Heavy Losses From Fire
HARLAND O. ROWAT
Local Men Build Snowplow for Highway
J. 1*. Wilson's garage wan a busy place these last few days, when a number ot local men. under the supervision of .I P. himself, constructed a steel snowplow which will be propelled by the high-powered caterpillar tractor of the Hodgirn Lumber Co.
The combination was tried out and after a few minor adjustments the road was plowed westward on Tuesday as far as fur as Murrells. The plow is said to do a fine job and after a two-way run the roadway is sufficiently wide for two cars to piss.
If permission is granted by the Ontario department of roads, the intention is to open the route to connect with highway No. 17, at* Haley's Station, and later to open Pontiac highway to Quyon and beyond if necessary.
The cost of this venture is being met by public subscription of business men.
Val Dor, Que , Feb. 12—Pout
buildings were destroyed follow- Miss Letiti,* Fade*, of Ottawa, mg Val d'Or's second destructive was a recent guest at the home of main street tire in two weeks, her brother, Mr. Harry Fades, at which threatened Saturday to Radford, wipe out the town's business
'"Fanned by n driving west wind, tinining »t Renfrew Victoria Horn the flames in less than three hour» Vital, visited her parent*. Mr. and destroyed the Ritz Hotel and Mrs. Harold Beckett, dining the seven business establishments and week.
damaged the V.N.R- telegraph Mis* Muriel Chamberlain is office. The loss was estimated at spending her vacation with her •IP,000,	brother, Mr. Ewiin ( viurph)Chaiu-
Amos. Que., Feb. 13— A hotel and berlain, member of Toronto Maple seven stores were destroyed by Leaf hockey team.
rnged'for five'hour* inTl'.eheart’of Mi»» Beverley Ma**on returned
SsSSSgM
to $200,000	* ork uty
Firemen, hampered by low water pressure and 35 degree* below zero	i I I
weather, battled from three a.m. Bristol Egg and Poultry Assn
until shortly after eight o'clock Has Successful Season before bring under control the third tire of major proportions in
«ma
sre BESfc «swa K
bittti cold.	tiict, the (Percentage of milk fed
grade was the greatest m Western Quebec, and third highest of all stations included in the Eastern _ , ,	,	, ... „	Ontario Fgg and Poultry Ass n.
SsS&sBMjsn SSSï Jfl HS
old Home sounded morning Ange-In* and while the closest of hi* church I y servants knelt in prayer
at his side	9
Approaching his 82nd birthday
anniversary on May «11, he had Two rinks of Lady Curlers went been ill since Tuesday oi cardiac Ottawa on Saturday to compete asthma, which caused death, al- p, play for the Lady Tweed smith though he had weakened grad- Trophy and were soundly trimmed «ally in general health since a by two rinks of the Glebe Club, severe illness in December, 1 d-A The l inks and scores were :
\"i vTxvherRlt,lck Novemjer	Shaw ville—Mrs. C. H. MacLean, Mrs
*Dr A min ta Milan!, called from L\E. Hodgins, Mrs. V. Shore, Mrs tlie sick bed, nodded that the end J P Wilson. Skip—12 had come at 5 31 a. m , for the Glebe—Mrs. P. H. Forhan, Mrs. R. B
•'* Pope of Peace" on the fifth day McKay, Mrs. H. C. Johnson, Mrs Shaw ville United V P IT held °f the 181b year emee hk ellertion H. R. Munroe. Skip-20	their annual Valentine aortal oil
ïÏkis s? s s s=i? EErs'Hra œ
noneat his bedside was able to ghawville— Mrs. R Cameron, Mrs. R. A number of games and contests
Chapef, there to he in *ule amidst	by ends :	Misses Barbara Woodley and Mar-
the prescoes of Michael Angelo. J 188 Shaw On the following day the body | Mre- KeMl of the late Pontiff was transferred to St Peter's Cathedral, the first of nine funeral services was held on Sunday.' Burial was made in Sr. Peters.
The death of the Pontiff marked an interregnum in the administration of the church which tin
genio Cardinal Pacelli will fill as July 12th to be Celebrated at • Chamberlain of the Holy Roman | obarteris Church" until a new Pope is elect
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE. QUE.
OeîicE — In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Que.
Miss Eleanor Hevkett. nuise in
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etfc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
/
Est. C. J. Caldwell
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A. LL. B , C.L.
Advocate, Barrister, etc
Main Street
Hull, Que
pi
Phone, Slier. 1354
the
!'
DRESSES ON SALE
At Pontiac House, Shaw ville, Que e *ïry Friday evening.
The Bristol Egg and Poultry
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
February Meeting of Elmside Women s Institute
LL. B
i
Tht* Ehuside Women’s Institute held their February meeting at the home of Mrs. F. Armstrong? The president, Mrs. W. J. Murray, was in the chair, with lb members and 15 visitors present. Business being disposed of, and it being Educational Week, six of the pupils of the Elmside School gave a very interesting debate, the subject chosen was, “Besulvv that the youth of today made better ciiizens than the youth of 100 years ago on the affirmative side were, Gordon Meldriim, Roland Sherwood and Nelson Roy and on the negative side, John McOedie, Margaret McNeill and Jean Stewart. The affirmative side won by one point. The judges were, Mi<s Grace Me Kechnie, Mrs. XV. I). Campbell, and Mis. Wyman Me Kechnie.
* The roll call was answered by the name of a noted Canadian woman.
Tea was set ved by the hostess and a eocv.il hour spent.
[Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request,
» Matters dealt with by correspondence
I

Almost our entire stock of dresses on sale, one special price
Dp. R. E, DAGG
^ % SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE. PLATEAU 63 8 8
Pope Pius XI Dies Early Friday Morning
Tlioe* taking put
We must move out our old stock to make room for
the spring arrival
Shawvillo Lady Curlers Defeated at Ottawa
0%. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
<
*

BELAIR 3267
D. J. CAMPBELL
United Y. P. U Hold Valentine Social
y
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAW VILLE
J
r.
Phone 81.
X
\
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon

Values up to
$6.95
v\
Graduate of McGill University Poet Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWV1LLE. QUEBEC
Phone 10
000 001 100 000— 2 jorie Hayes
342 230 035 438—30 =======
A* syzsstiixsj&if*'
Total for Shaw ville—14 Total for Glebe. ..—60
JAMES A. MILLAR
Here
H. K. NEILSON, IW.D.
B. A.. LL.L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc
On Sale at
Annual Meeting of Pontiac County Orange Lodge»
Eye, Ear, Nose end Throat Specialist
l29 Main St., Hull, Que.
IC
At Pontiac House, Shawvillo, every Wednesday afternoon.
AtMoyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay, every Wednesday morning.
1
ONT.
OTTAWA. -
PHONE. 2—7061
$2.49


v=:%. ïSs&^SlKl	•as?
and Canada s only member of the raounti Ladysmith. Otter Lake, sacred college, will be among the Campbel|-8 Bay, Stark s Corners,
group of Cardinals from all over Kno,, Bristol and Shawville.
the world who will choose the new Report* given revealed that Pope, to be elected by a two-thirds there had been an increase of 40 majority of those of the 62 Cardin in the membership in the county.
"Tributes to Po£ PiuiXi as a	sh°Wed *
humanitarian, an apostle of peace * u was decid8d to hold the 12th
Dominion? prôvtoçiairand civic ^l(,J^rce,eb,ation at Uharterie lesder», and by miniHters of the The eléction and Installation of
S2S5BSs®
Eg#
dors.	^ . I
w. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
QUE
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT .. BARRISTER
HUME, 2-2210
109 MAIN STREET,
SHAWVILLE
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proud foot's Hotel, Campbell’s Bay, every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p.m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
Gordon T. Paul
insurance
REPRESENTING OMPAN1ES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, LVd
CLARENCE T. RROWNLEE
RKPRKSKNTING
MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE Co.
OF CANADA
Phone 26-7,*. 1, Shawville, Que.
Quebec
Shawville
SHAWVILLE - QUE
###PAGE###2###
IT'S A CRACKIN FINE BISCUIT FOR A HUNGRY MAN
but you can bet they'll be getting hungry soon, and that will bring them home. Is Larry coming over, dear?"
Pat ncddfd. "He said he would. It's almost 6. He usually cornea at this time on Sundays."
The Night Before The shrill ringing of the doorbell broke up the conversation. "Probably Aunt Nora," Mrs. McGraw suggested cheerfully as Pat got up. "She said she might come over."
Aunt Nora was a big woman, an older sister of Pat’s mother, grayer, but with the same Irish twinkle in her bright blue eyes. “Well, I finally got the young ones settled for the afternoon," she said taking off her old-fashioned hat that perched high on the rich, wavy white hair. "I told Shelia we’d get out before someone else decided it was time for another meal."
Pat and her Cousin Shelia were nearly the same age and had grown up as close as sisters. It was Shelia who would be bridesmaid, and Shelia who heard all of Pat’s plans and hopes and dreams.
"It's a relief to get out of the house," Shelia said. "Hose came over with her babies and the house was a madhouse. And there I was trying to correct examination papers and outline work for the fifth grade tomorrow. What did you do today?"
"Nothing. Read the papers, mended hose, tried to keep awake."
"Out last night?"
"Yes, Larry and I went to the Country Club."
Shelia’s brown eyes widened, j "The Country Club g there? The Nearest I ever came to that place was through the society pages. Tell me about it." "Well," Pat laughed hollowly, i "all the so-called big shots: the Sinclairs, Sherwoods, the Lenox twins, Dottic Barnes—whom Larry knows—and 'Sailor' Bromley.
I danced with him."
"Is he as good-looking as his pictures? Gosh, I'm envious. I'm sick of other school teachers, and kids. I wish I could meet someone like that. Did you like him?"
"Oh, he was all right." Suddenly Pat wished she hadn’t mentioned last night. It was a bad memory in which Larry stood out with his animation in the midst of the crowd, and his petulance on the way home.
"It's funny," she said slowly, "we’re never satisfied, are we?"
"Does that mean you and Larry have broken up?"
"No—of course not. Why we’re almost ready to set the date. You’ll be a bridesmaid one of these days." Yet she was glad when the boys arrived and Aunt Nora decided it was time to go home. Shelia knew her too well to be lulled by mere words.
How Much Pull?
And then Larry came. Pat relaxed and smiled naturally for the first time that day. She led him over to the old sofa. "Aren’t you going to take off your coat and hat?" she asked curling her fingers around his.
He sat down holding his hat. "I can’t. Got a business appointment." ..
Bill interrupted. "Gee, we wish you would stay. We want your advice on buying a second-hand car. Pat doesn’t seem very enthusiastic, but you can change her mind. And, by the way, Pat, we need some more help," he stammered. "We were out with Artie this afternoon. Wanted to see how those new bearings worked and he stepped the old bus up. We were over on the boulevard where there isn’t any traffic, but some sorehead cop gave Artie a ticket.
We feel it’s sort a our fault, so if you could fix the ticket—"
Larry laughed suddenly. "It shouldn’t be difficult, should it Pat? That assistant prosecutor | can fix it. He’s a friend of yours.
In fact I’d rather like to know just how much pull you do have."
(To be Continued next week)
• SERIAL STORY
HIT-RUN LOVE
COPYRIGHT. I### NEA SERVICE. INC.

/
&

BY MARGUERITE GAHAGAN



/
But the increased noise was not that of the hood. It grew louder when they went over the bumps in the country road. "Are you sure, Larry ? It sounded like the fender or bumper then."
"Another car must have hit us when we were parked at the club," he said quietly.
She was drugged with weariness, un tactfully persistent. "We were last in line," she reminded him. "The same car was next to us when we came out. I remember because it was a gray roadster. And I heard the noise on the way out."
"I don't see why you get so worked up over a car rattle," he said pettishly.
She sank back in the car, awake now and with that unworded feeling of fear creeping into her heart again.
"Was Mr. Abbott in the office late this afternoon, Larry?" she asked. As soon as the words were spoken she wished them unsaid. Yet some secret fear made her
CAST OF CHARACTERS
Patricia McGraw—heroine. She faced a choice between the law and love.
Larry Kent—hero.	He faced
an even greater decision.
Tom Sweeney—prosecutor. He awaited the processes of the law.

c
.nu<

y

4
S\ * -
t ' %
r
Vk
Yesterday: Pat meets Tom at the club after Larry leaves her for Dottie Barnes, a rich playgirl.
s
X1

CHAPTER Y
Pat felt lost again after Tom's good by, and turned back awkwardly to find Larry. He was still talking to Dottic Barnes, but he came toward Pat when he saw her. "Thought I’d lost you. Who were you with?"
She suddenly was tired of the party. ‘‘Sweeney, assistant prosecutor assigned to the court. He was here playing golf this afternoon."
Lary’s eyes narrowed. "Acted like an old friend."
"He’s very nice," she said. "Always helpful and considerate."
They danced and moved around with other couples for the rest of the evening. Going home though, she felt depressed. She supposed it was her own fault. People had been nice to her. She hadn't been a wallflower. Larry's friends had taken them into their groups, yet she had experienced no spontaneous pleasure.
Hat Silhouettes
Display Variety
Their Majesties’ Itinerary
Household
Science
By DOROTHY HIGGINS
NEW YORK—New hat silhouettes are forward-brim flowered turbans. The brimmed-berets, forward tilted, are made usually in eoft fabrics and are adaptable to many different types of daytime costume.
Wide brimmed hkts, usually of milano or yellow straws, have their brims lifted on one side, and sweep way down on the other. Ribbons are the favorite trim, although you will find feathers and flowers, too.
According to the official itinerary the Kir.g and Queen will observe the following schedule on their visit to Canada this spring:	*
May 15—Their Majesties arrive in Quebec.
May 17-20—Ottawa.
May 21—Kingston.
May 22—Arrive at and leave Toronto.
May 24—Winnipeg.
May 26—Calgary.
May 29 -Victoria.
May 31 — for Edmonton
June 1—Leave for the last Ontario visit.
„ June 8 States.
June 15—Leave Halifax
The tragedy of seeing a beautiful, fluffy omelet just out of the oven, fall flat on its face is a familiar one to most cooks, even experienced ones. Rut there is a way to avoid it. By adding a little quick-cooking tapioca to your omelet, you can count on one that will remain high and beautiful, right up to the last serving. And when you consistently serve omelets that stand up, you can feel very superior not only to the average cook but even to professionals. The following recipes will shew you how this miracle of a perfect omelet can be achieved— always.
ask
"Abbott—” Larry said. "Sure. He was there at 5—” She sensed his sudden alertness. "I know," he added quickly, "because I had called in. As I said, 1 was out all afternoon."
Her throat was dry, aching with the tightening of her nerves. This suspicion was building a high wall between them: a barrier built because of her unreasonable imagination, her stupid suspicions.
"The judge spoke of going over to sec him," she lied desperately. Larry mustn't know she thought of him with fear and suspicion. She had no cause to think of him as anything but honest, upright, kind, humane.
Vancouver and
Italy complains of the slump in tourist business.
Leave Vancouver
Who was
Get Up at Night?
In the United
Something Loose
The quiet of the early spring morning settled about them as they drove back to the city. Only a tinny rattle at intervals broke the monotone of the motor.
FLUFFY OMELET
2 tablespoons quick-cooking tapi-
TF your sleep is disturbed by getting up several times at night, if you experience burning and soreness, if vour back is lame V\v am) sore, you may get relief by taking I)r. .'V Pierce** A nuric. Mrs. W T. lligham, 532 Hill St., London, Ont.,
Myat "|)r. Pierce’a A-nurie Tablets gave me quick relief from backache and kidney irregularity. My kidney# rau*td me ».» murk annoy-•nrtf the secretion# passed too frequently end often Irritated and burned. My back «vu ! 1 be $o lame and tore at time* I could hardlft or down. After using ’A nurie* I era# entirely relieved of all the discomfort." Ask your druggist for l)r. Pierce’s A nuilc today.
oca
Woman Driver’s
Worst Faults
*
% teaspoon salt H teaspoon pepper \ cup milk 1 tablespoon butter 4 egg yolks, beaten until thick and lemon-colored 4 egg whites, stiffly beaten Combine dry ingredients and milk i.i top of double boiler. Place over rapidly boiling water, bring to scalding point (allow 3 to 5 minutes), and cook 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Add butter. Cool slightly. Add egg yolks. Fold in egg whites. Pour into hot, buttered 10-inch frying pan. Cook over low flame 3 minutes. Then bake in moderate oven (350 deg. F.) 15 minutes. Omelet is sufficiently cooked when a knife inserted comes out clean. Cut across at right angles to handle of pan, being careful not to cut all the way through. Fold carefully from handle to opposite side and serve on hot platter. Serves 6.
This plain omelet can be spread with apricot jam before folding, then dusted with confectioners’ sugar. Or add 4 tablespoons grated cheese just before pouring into pan to make a delicious Cheese Omelet.
"Something must be loose on this car, Larry," she said, sleepily. "I noticed it on the way out, too. Is your fender hitting something
Suspicion
And yet the picture of those ears knotted at the wet corner, the coupe flashing in and out ahead, the crumpled figures on the pavement was indelibly etched on her mind. Larry had been on the opposite side of town. The car she thought was his belonged to another. The man at the wheel with his hat and coat like Larry’s was another. Larry knew that Abbott was at the office at quitting time because he had phoned in, and not because he was there himself ii stead of at High Hill as he said. The fender, loose and rattling, was caused by another ear while parked at the club. It wasn’t the result of a body being struck and flung aside.
Her lips as they kissed him good night were clinging. She must make up to him for those unspoken fears, those shameful suspicions, yet as she tossed on her bed during the graying hours of the Sunday morning her sleep was troubled.
«
Some Women Can Drive Well —If They’ve Learned Before The Age of 25
099
"Nothing's loose on the car. The hood wasn’t locked tight when I had oil put in. That's all."
A writer In an English newspaper who wishes to remain anomym-ous—he'd better—sums up briefly his Idea of the average woman driver's faults:
"1. She apparently thinks road signals were invented for fun.
2.	Grips the steering wheel, whereas any sensible man knows It needs only the lightest touch.
3.	Swanks in front of her girl friends.
4.	She doesn't know the first thing about engines.
5.	Tries to get away with futile arguments when caught out by the traffic police.
I freely admit that there are some women who can drvie — and drive magnificently. But I'll lay a shade of odds that they learned to drive before they were aged 25. I say that because I firmly believe that after that age women's minds and muscles get "set"; they lack the co-ordination, necessary to expert driving.
Moreover, the proportion of good women drivers as against the proportion of good men drivers shows a disparity which makes such an article as this almost unnecessary.
I said ALMOST."
I up
Cheerful As A Sunny Morning!
i
"At last I can breathe freely again... relieved from the clutches of
r*>
t
I
CATARRH
Thin [a quoted from just one of thousand* of earnest testimonials praisinr Mentholatum. All over the world millions of men and women are grateful to this time-proved family remedy. Mentholatum is a simple, direct way of treating nasal catarrh. This healing balm is no sooner Inserted in the nostrils than the antiseptic vapours begin to penetrate to the farthest nasal passages . . . relievo congestion . . . fight germs ... retard gathering of mucus ... dear your nose and help keep it clear. Get a 30 cent tube or jar today. Apply it regularly. Mentholatum should bringyou relief... ns it has relieved millions money will be refunded.
.•k'vfiri'
?

i
A Woman Killed
She wakened to the common-sense, prosaic routine of a rest day. Sundays could always be filled somehow. There wa* her trousseau to think about, weekday purchases to put in the big cedar chest, linens to unfold and finger happily, a dusky red suit to knit upon.
It was afternoon before she found time to read the Sunday papers, and the front page story with pictures set her mind back in the frantic squirrel cage of suppositions again.
"Mother dies in hit-run accident—” The details were all available now. Mrs. Mary Gillespie, 38-year-old mother of four children, wife of a factory worker —dead. Her back broken by the racing car that knocked her down in an unprotected traffic zone. In the big drear municipal hospital her 6-year-old daughter, Jean, fought desperately for her own life and suffered from a broken leg and fractured skull. Police were seeking the driver of the car that brought grief and heartbreak to the Gillespies. They were said to have received some valuable information from two witnesses, but as yet no arrests had been made.
Pat thrust the paper aside, tried to busy herself with the society section, the comics, the women’s
SPANISH OMELET
3 tablespoons butter 2 tablespoons onion, finely chopped
% teaspoon salt % teaspoon sugar Dash of Cayenne 2 tablespoons green pepper, chopped
% cup mushrooms, thinly sliced 1 cup canned tomatoes, pulp and juice
1 recipe Fluffy Omelet Melt butter, add onion, and cook over very low flame 15 minutes, or until vegetables are tender. Prepare omelet. Turn out on platter. Place vegetable mixture between folded layers and around omelet. Serve at once. Serves 6.
or your
• •

0.



Run Across Ocean

3 men who trained on Bournemouth, England, five-mile front mean to run non-stop to New York. Kenneth Baily plans to run the Atlantic round the deck of the Bremen in a non-stop 4-hour relay with 2 Bournemouth Athletic Club colleagues, Douglas Brady and Noel Griffin.
«7* *
Il Yoer Sore, Scratchy Throat Comes from a Cold—You Can Usually Get Fist Relief by this Simple Method
I
The body of a man believed to be Weldon L. Irwin, wealthy real estate man, was found in Hollywood, Calif., in a parked automobile. Detectives said he had been shot to death.

Knithistory

(
Knitting was invented in Scotland in the 15th century, and the art spread to the Continent, where guilds of stocking knitters were formed.
i

m
PATTERN 4026
By ANNE ADAMS
As refreshing as the sight of daffodils in spring—this very new and feminine “in and out of the house" frock that’s all dressed up with the charm of ric-rac braid! Who wouldn’t look sprightly and smart in those impudent little sleeves, and that youthful collar and corselet waist? Instead of the open-type sleeves of Pattern 4026, you may have mere bands for a still airier effect—and smart revers with ribbon bow instead of a collar and buttons. The pockets are ever so handy when you're busy about the house. As for the waking, you can rest assured that you’ll stitch up this frock in no time—for the pattern, and its instruction sheet, are so easy to follow !
Pattern 4026 is available in misses' and women’s sizes 12, 14, 16, 18, 20, 30. 32, 34, 36, 38, 40 and 42. Size 16 takes 3 7/8 yards 35 inch fabric and 2 7/8 yards ric-

ff
Washing Workmen
A Philadelphia painting concern pays its employees for time spent while taking two baths a week— the minimum number required for all working painters by Pennsylvania law.
Goitre is a kind of banjo, only harder to play.


YOUR i BABY
?
mm
pages
L To
P»in and
Brides say “I do” more firmly than did the demure girls of a generation ago, says the verger of the parish church in Margate, Eng.
“Where are the boy*, mama?” she asked at last. She wanted the
fever take 2 “Aspirin" dissolve t “Arplrln" Tablets—drink ngloM Tablet n In % plans sf water. Repeat in of « sur

m
.-git
security of the ïamily about her. Wanted the boys’ ready noise and humor.
“Oh, they still have this buying a car on their minds,” Mit. McGraw said, taking off her glasses j and putting her papci down. I "They should be home soon, though. We had a late breakfast.
at
Teething Time?
Cross, fretful, feverish—unless the little system is working just right. Stcedmen s Powders — the standby of mothers tLa world over for more than 100 years—
Often Ease9 Pain and Discomfort in a Few Minutes When “Aspirin” is Used
HowYou May Reduce
Varicose or Swollen Veins - Heal Ulcers
^ Oh Boy! Mom lets me sweeten my cereal it with
BEE HIVE
! *yr"P.
The simple way pictured above often brings amazingly fast relief from discomfort and core threat accompanying colds.
Try it. Then — see your doctor. He probably will tell you to continue -uu "Aspirin" because it acts so relieve discomforts of a cold.
cleanse the system of impurities are often the cause of feverish ness, upset stomach and other troubles at teething time. At your druggist's.
as
For FREE sample and booklet
with
to
And to reduce fever.
This simple way, backed by scientific authority, has largely supplan * the use of strong medicines in easing cold symptoms. Perhaps the easiest, most effective way yet discovered.
Do This If You're
“Hints to Mothers" write John Steadman & Co„ Dept. IS. 442 St. Gabriel 8t., Montreal
A Simple Home Treatment
The world progresses, ailment* that took week be helped much more quickly. If you have varicose veins or hunches, start today to bring them back to normal site and if you are wise you will do to.
Just get an original bottle of Moone a Emerald Oil at any dispensing pharmacist and apply it night and morning to the enlarged veins. In a short time the veins should begin to grow smaller and by regular use soon approach normal.
People who want to reduce varicose veins or swellings, should not hesitate to try a
It is to peretratir-y and small bottle lasts a long
NERVOUS
Today many minor
«8N
ted
Çi^SiÈÈDMAN'S
Don't take chance* on harmful opiates end products which you know nothing common sense. Get more fresh air, more sleep ft a reliable, time-proven medicine like Lydia E. Pink ham’s VegeMhl" Com» ' "	from whole-
herb* and roots—let It help Nature tone

rac
65E HIVf
tOLOtto *
about. Use
Send Twenty Cents (20c) in coins (stamps cannot be accepted) for this Anne Adams pattern. Write plainly Size, Name, Address and Style Number.
Send yoer order to Anne Adams, Room 425, 73 West Adelaide St.,
Toronto.
tJXZJC. powders
I
o
u
Demand and Get
ASPIRIN'

<r
• d


Issue No. 6—'39
life worth living.
TRY IT TOMORROW
Bottle at once
¦Bother how to go “smiling thru” with fink ha ma CoirnmmH —U,f It n*ln YOU.
B


###PAGE###3###
enjoys an eight hour day — eight hours before dinner and eight
hours after, and no other busln
or job Is as exacting or demanding
on a man's time. Yearly he must
face and fight adversities whisk
recognised In no other field.
among them crop failures, loss of
stock and climatic conditions.
Declaring that he spoke as a farmer, and one who was Intimately acquainted with the problems facing the man on the land, Mr. Houck warned that the farmer must be given a fair return for his work and produce If better times are ever to come to Canada. Both the urban and the rural dweller must
problems, he said.
3.28 pints and villgaes families 2.67 pints. Of 3,239 children under 16 years In the cities 21 per cent, drank no milk, and as showing the effect of relief, the proportion of children not drinking milk fell from 32 per cent. In families on relief to 6 per cent. In families with Incomes of $4,C:0 or more.
Office Fllk Like Milk The analysis of occupations shows that next to farm people, who are the largest consumers of milk as a beverage, come the professional and large business executive group. Then come small business executives and clerks at about the same level; salesmen, retired people,, skilled laborers and those of unstated occupations follow In order with unskilled laborers ranking at the bottom of the table.
Big Blizzard Blocks Roads, Highways In Ontario
Sunday School
Lesion

are
*w¥m£.

>
X '

to understand each ethers

LESSON VII
PETER HEALS A LAME MAN
Acte 3:1
Golden Text.—But Peter said, Silver and gold have I none; but what I have, that give I thee. Acts 3:6.
the LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—Some time after the da* Of Pentecost, probably a few weeks, perhaps a few months, and thus either A.D. 30 or A.I), 81.
Place.—The city of Jerusalem.
ft Now Peter and John were going up into the temple at the hour of prayer, being the ninth hour. We read in Scripture of three specified hours of prayer, in accordance with which the Psalmist speaks of his own custom, “evening, and morning, and at noon, will I pray” (Ps. 65:17). The evening prayer at this particular time of the year would be at half
past four.
Lame All Hie Life
2. And a certain man that was lame from his mother’s womb yas carried. Whom they laid daily at tha door of the temple which is called Beautiful. The temple was enclosed in three marble courts, rising in successive levels from the City floor. The lowest of these-wa* the only one open to Gentiles. A flight of steps led up from it to the second, or middle, court, beyond which women might not.go. Thence another flight of steps ascended to the upper leve) on which were the altar and the sanctuary. At the head of this second stairway, which only Jewish men might ascend, stood the Beautiful Gate, which opened on the temple level.

%
: 22

| This Curious World
By William
Ferguson
*>
M
'im
V.


mm


%¦

màmk
" k-V
Ktifl
*
*

m#



Farmers Hold Key To Unemployment
The Farmer Must Be Given a Better Return For His Work Or Prosperity Will Never Come Back, Says Former Chairman of Milk Board.
*
v :

c


Vf
«

*

V




I
CAMEL'S «AIR.
%

IS NEITHER. PLUCKED NOR. SHORN/
IT IS PICKED UP FROM THE GROUND AS THE ANIMAL. SHEDS IT
Many villages and towns throughout Ontario were completely isolated following the blizzard last week which swept the province. l_. were f
effort to reach marooned settlements
was picture# as E._	_PPHUHPmiHH
ville district.
Farmers of the Dominion hold the key to unemployment of the country If they could but use It by providing work and if they could but receive fair prices for their products, said J. E. Houck, former chairman of the Ontario Milk Control Board, speaking at the annual dinner of the Peterborough Industrial Exhibition Board.
the blizzard last week which swept the province. Snow-plows hard pressed to break through the snow-clogged highways in an
marooned settlements. The snow-plow, shown ABOVE, it bucked drifts which blocked highways in the Orange-

00
<4
©a&mmz,
THE GCAL. OP OIL. DRILLERS, ARE NOT ACTUALLY POOLS OP OIL, BUT POROUS ROC/C, SATURATED
W/TH O/U /

Who Drinks Most Milk In Canada?
She Flies A Plane
To Do Housework

New British Defence Head
Surveys Made By Federal Government Reveal Interesting Figures

May Jean Rice, 18. petite “flying
of Goldfields, Sas-

housemald”, katchewan mining area, has rejected numerous marriage proposals and is concentrating on getting a pilot’s license and owning her own airplane.
O
French-speaking Canadians drnlk more milk per family than any other Ganadians, because their families are larger, bat Canadians of British or Uftlted States origin consume more milk per capita than do those of French-Canadian origin.
The daily per capita consumption of milk Is higher In farm areas than In cities, being just over half a pint. The per capita consumption in large families Is smaller than in small families.
The village of St. Romauld, In Quebec, which was selected for the survey of villages In the provinces by the marketing committee of the Department of Agriculture figures at the bottom of the list according to the analysis of the economics division, the per capita consumption there being ...40 of a pint per day, while in Uxbridge, Ont., It was
0.73 of a pint.
21% Children Go Mllkleee Farm families in all areas consumed on the average 5.52 pints day per family, city families
IF PLACED WITH ONE END AT NEW YORK. CITY, WOULD REACH AS FAR. WEST AS CM/CAGO.
To ask alms of them that entered into the temple. 3. Who seeing Peter and John about to go into the temple, asked to receive an alms.
i
êsjÇ
COW». 1M7 BV MIA SERVICE. «NC.
She travels by commercial and private plane on her house-cleaning trips, which, take her to all parts of the far-flung district.
Miss Rice went to Goldfields with her father, employee of a mining syndicate In 1935 and quickly saw the bachelors’ cabins required attention. She went the rounds with scrubbing brush and duster.

WITH the coming of spring, the camel's hair forms Into matted tufts, and falls to the ground as the growth of new hair comes in Men follow the caravan and pick up the clumps of hair and-place them in baskets, which usually are carried by the last camel in th*
caravan.
NEXT: What is the meaning of the word dfnoàaur?
f

4. And Peter, fastening him, with John,

k -
his eyes uponggggg^ggg said, Look on us. Peter’s reply, “Look on us,” hints that the man’s eyes were wandering, and that his words were mechanically addressed to them, as such lifelong beggars are wont to be.
5. And he gave heed unto them, expecting to receive something from them. 6. But Peter said, Silver and gold have I none; but what I have, that give I thee. In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, walk. Notice carefully that Peter claimed no power for himself, but he had absolute confidence in the power of Christ to do something for this crippled man.
Cured
7. And he took him by the right hand, and raised him up: and immediately his feet and his ankle-bones received strength. 8. And leaping up, he stood, and began to walk ; and he entered with them into the temple, walking, and leaping, and praising God. 9. And all the people saw him walking and praising Godf 10. and they took knowledge of him, that it was he that sat for alms at the Beautiful Gate of the temple ; and they were filled with wonder and amazement at that which had happened unto him.	—
Peter, ever ready to speak, and now, since the descent of the Holy Spirit at Pentecost, burning with a passion to proclaim the Lord Jesus, and to preach the gospel, deliver his third address, according to the records that we have. The first we find in Acts 1:15-22, the second in 2:14-36. This per-Jesus was not only the Savior of God, but he was absolutely holy; his suffering had been predicted by the prophets whom these people believed; God whom they pretended to worship had raised him from the dead, and in the name of this person Jesus, whom they had slain, he had healed this lame man to-day. Peter now pleads with them, to repent, to turn again from their stubborn opposition to the purposes of God, that their sins might be blotted out.
Where Salvation Lie#
When Peter had finished delivering his sermon on the day of Pentecost, the Jews cried out asking what they should do, and three thousand souls were saved. The result of this sermon was altogether different. Peter and others with him were thrown into prison, at the command of the priests, the captain of the temple, and the Sadducees.
The next day these early Christian preachers were brought before the Jewish Sanhedrin, where sat Annas, Caiaphas, and others who had played a prominent part in the trial of the Lord Jesus not many months before John 18:13).
The question which they asked these disciples was, "By what power or done this?”
Acts 4:8. Then Peter, with the Holy Spirit, said unto them, Ye rulers of the people, and elders. 9. If we this day are examined concerning a good deed done to an impotent man, by what means this man ia made whole: 10. be it know unto you all, and to all the people of Israel, that ia the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom ye crucified, whom
.


•------------------------1
| Headliner of Yesteryear |
Goes Rounds With a Duster
A flying prospector engaged her house-cleaning services each Monday and supplied a plane for transportation. Other similar offers poured in and she became kno* n as the “flying housemaid”.
Miss Rice, of French-Canadlan descent, is a brunette with a trace and freckles. She stands
19 She started acting in youth.
21	Electrified particle.
22	Squanderer
23	Lawful.
26	Ozone.
27	Label.
29	Stream obstruction.
30	Beverage.
31	Circle part.
32	Cravat.
38	On behalf ot
39	To wash lightly.
41	Acidity.
42	Lyre-like instrument
43	Thin.
44	Mean.
45	Self.
Answer to Previous Puzzle
HORIZONTAL
1,5 Finest actress of last century.
13	To unclose.
14	Unusual memento.
15	To bellow.
16	Being.
17	Nettle rash.
18	Every.
19	Fortunes.
20	Eatables.
24	Behold.
25	To make lace. 28 Destitute of
teeth.
33 Inlet.
Admiral Lord Chatfield, former head of the British navy, has been appointed as minister for co-ordination of defence in the most recent cabinet shuffle made by Prime Minister Chamberlain of Great Britain.
of tan
five feet one, weighs 120 pounds and Is every bit a northerner.
.IMS
UEM
per
God raised from the dead, even in him doth this man stand here before you whole.
11. He is the stone which was get at nought of you the builders, which was made the head of the
Here Peter quotes from The argument is
Are You Listening?
2	Monkeys.
3	To lease.
4	Handle.
5	Prickly nut coverings.
6	Before.
7	To drive.
8	Thin strips of 46 Marrow, dough.
In the * Arabian.
10	Bttcuit.
11	Valley.
12	Transposed.
14 Billiard rod.
50	Mining hut
51	Once more.
34	Aeriform fuel 53 Deer.
35	Ireland.
36	Unit of work. 55 Classifies.
37	Form of "be." 56 Toward aee.
38	Stepped.
39	Railroad.
40	Lobe of the 59 She appeared
By FREDDIE TEE
corner.
Ps. 118:22.	, —
that the condemnation of Jesus by the supreme court of the nation in no way disproved his Mes-
siahship.	.
12. And in none other is there
salvation: for neither is there any other name under heaven, that is given among men, must be saved, scolding these men, but he is bringing this strong accusation against them that they might recognize Christ as their Savior, and receive the salvation which he alone was able to bestow. u__ vation from the bondage of sin.
54 A jot
matic school for aspirants to film
fame selected during the "Gateway to Hollywood” series, is master of ceremonies during this program heard each Sunday over the Columbia (network (WABC-CBS, at 6.30 to 7.00 p.m. EST). Niles has introduced many film luminaries before the microphone, since he turned announcer in 1931 after being amateur boxing champion of the State of Montana. His hobby is keeping photographs of the stars he has brought to radio, the then-not-so-great who are stars today.
OLD-COUNTRY RECEPTION One of the engineering advancements of the 1939 Rogers Spread-Band models provides six individual spread-band dials, each 10” wide with only one dial visible at a time. This feature simplifies tuning, particularly for By spreading out each of the four short-wave bands, from one inch to ten inches, Old-Country reception is now easy to tune in without interference.
NEW SINGER-ANNOUNCER Young Bert Parks, twenty-five-year-old veteran of the Columbia "--- —i network’s corps
/
58 Her native land.
wm
47	Tidy.
48	Otherwise.
49	Water cress. 52 Work of skill. 54 Provided.
57 Like.

of
announcers, abandoned his New York haunts to join the Eddie Cantor show as combination vocalist and announcer. (WA-BC—CBS, Mon 7.30 to 8.00 p.m. EST. When Cantor was in New York recently he was so impressed by the youngster’s twin talents
In
ear.
46 She was a
has
U. S.
VERTICAL
wherein we Peter is not
of
realism on the stage.
1 Therefore.
•9
Sal-
son
Ken Niles
Tried To Drive
Ahead of Train
Bert Parks	RUE EN
that he offered him a contract and took him to Hollywood. An Atlanta, Ga , boy, Parks was a staff
at WABC before he
Gravelle, of Corbeil,
m o ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
Ont., drove his light truck for 30 feet ahead of a Timiskaming and Northern Ontario freight train just outside North Bay one day last week. He was able to run off the tracks down embankment but the engine carried away part of the rear of the truck. Gravelle did not the southbound freight until he was just about to cross the tracks. He didn’t think he could beat the train across so he turned down the tracks ahead of it. He was unhurt
announcer was old enough to vote.
KAY’S SECOND YEAR
Kay Kyser’s College of Musical Knowledge, heard each Wednesday over the NBC-Red Network at 10 p.m., EST, began its second year under the sponsorship of Lucky Strike cigarettes on February 1.
9
an
women.
see
JACK OF ALL TRADES
Ken Niles, actor, announcer and director, and now head of the dra-
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—A Clean Sweep
EMPIRE OR NO EMPIRE,
YO' MA IS ÇWINE ÇIT;
SORE AT YO' USIN' HER
NEW CARPET.SWEEPER
FO' TO BRUSH OFF	>
DAT OLE HOME PLATE 'ç^ \\ \
- -<2
he's down in
THE VACANT LOT PLAYJNCJ BALL.'qO DOWN AND ASK HIM WHERE HE LEFT IT.'
NO, MA AM, MIS* DOF F tf ML'PINHEAD AXED ME COULD HE TAKE IT FO' FIVE MINUTES/ BUT DAT WAS MO M* TWO HOURS Aqo'
DO YOU KNOW WHERE THE CARPET SWEEPER IS, LILY? I D LIKE TO USE IT A FEW MINUTES
.1
Ml li
I f
1	1 i 1 I I . ’ 1
I

X •
this (see
C AS

in what name have ye
filled

/

I

<r
C
£
ilH
# f
JT»

X
)
\
B

t
y
4
11
II
E
%
¥

k

?




£*
'
m
< V

m
X

%
A

z
a

*
*

m {

¦
*



c. ?
'I


i
5lQis
I BEI

mi ni mm
H33B0 SEE ESBK g 0EEÜ3E3 BE3 ¦ ŒBDEE BBIS3 Q
ÜTE22

M
— 3223E 2335a
3BQ2Z Z3E 3035
m.hie
-

jl£5H EQ3 -ZSZZjul!^
ïqhq ass zaasn
###PAGE###4###
P

'-V






THE EQUITY
1 00
M. j/ÜLin, }day team
Francia Dolan, } day ------
*	* erecting signs
Jos Portelence, 80 cedars at 50c 10 00 Jeruie Coderre» 15 cedars at 10c l 50
Jim Philippe, 1 day............
Xavier Robert 1 day............
Alex Lapierre, Î days .........
Adrien Martineau, 2 days.......
Thos Philippe, 1 day ..........
Edward Robert, 3} days.........
Quyon Hardware Co., account to December 89, 1938 ...
Win. G. Chisnell, H.S.U, service
in full to date............
Jos Valid lee, labour with R.
Young grant ...............
Jos Yatlillee, labour for 1939
road tax ..................
Michael O Mai ley, labour with
B. Young...................
Lionel Grimes, labour with D.
Young .....................
Wm. O'Red ley, labour with B.
Young......................
Jos. Hickey, labour with B.
Young......................
Bay Young, on grant...	...
on 1939 road tax..
I I HI Goff, 51 Ids. gravel 5 101 Moot A. Martineau, labour with sign
boards.....................
Patrick Rose, supplies to Mrs.
L Belisle, Dec., 1938 _____
A. Farrell, 3 days re. Normandeau case....................
A. Farrell, expenses re Normandeau case —............M
A. Lapierre, j day team
Small Tables for Homes
Used in Ancient Times
In Queen Elizabeth’s time, tables
Correspondence
l 60
l 00
WHEAT
Dear Sir On behalf of the School, I for the most part were of the board ¦ j I would like to express our sincere | and hinged-board type supported on l 30 thunks to This Kuvity for the space ! trestles. The Elizabethans had lit-l 60 devoted to the subject of Education | tie need for small tables in their
*	4H) last week.	-	W . mode of living, but with the deveî-
> P° We would like, also, through your ! opinent of printing, the reading of J 00 paper, to express our thanks to the books at night required a readjust? W I officers of the United Church for the ment of lighting and the small table
use of the building for our service on was the result. We can trace
*	09 Monday last. Our appreciation is alsu through these small pieces of furnl-due to Mr. VV. A. H origins’ Store for | ture the influence of the age of the fine display space for the
We thoroughly appreciated the splen-
3	25 did spirit of co operation shown by the
Women’s Institute on Saturday at the
4	*0 School. Thanks to all who in any way
contributed to the success of our efforts 4 30 for Education week in Shawvitle.
Yours truly,
C. S. Douglas,
Principal
SHAWVILLE, FEB. 16, 1939
Touriste Spent $269,000,000
Tourists visiting Canada in 1938 spent ,m estimated $209,000,000 compared with $290,000,000 in 1937, according to a preliminary report issued by the Dominion Bureau of Stastics Expenditures of Canadian travellers abro d were estimated at $120,000,000 against $124,000,000. The favourable balance to Canada on her international tourist account may be placed at about $149,000,000 in 1938 com (wired with $166,000,000 in 1937.
Volume of motor travel to Canada declined.:n 1938, the total number of automobiles entered for touring purposes being 4,346,645 compared with 4,311,840 in 1937. Estimated expenditures of motor tourists in Canada were $178,000,000 compared with $181,332,000 in 1937.	u v
Tourist entries in Canada by rail, as	\
reported by immigration officers, totall* Mr8, r* wo ed 757,860 in 1938, a decline of 137,097 from 1937. Expenditures of rail travellers in 1938 were estimated at $47,000,
000 against $49,000,000.
We have a car of wheat to arrive on or about the 15th of this month
52 40
I Queen Anne, the early Georges, the various French Louis periods and on through the empire, writes an authority in the Los Angeles Times.
The small table as a distinct article of furniture came into popularity in England about the middle of the Eighteenth century when the general use of tea, coffee and chocolate required furniture of this type. We And at this time the dropleaf, oc«
,	__	_	,	... tagonal. gateleg, triangular dropleaf
12 73 I Editor Equity: — I attended the and tripod base, tile-top, tiny can-8 001 managers meeting of the Eastern On dlestands, butterfly, lyre-motif and
' ^ ;Vl.l Pu!l,lry Association in a great number of other forms, ieby Olh and 7th, also the Many of them were designed with S 'E**™ * r<KluceJJ Association both plain or cabriole legs, having spade 4 00 livid m the Mount Royal Hotel.	or claw-and-ball , feet, plain or
It was decided at the managers meet carved knees. We can safely say s n8 to m4^e hrsl 1939 export ship- the general type was the tripod.
nient to London or Glasgow m order to The small table was an important 6 00 strengthen the Canadian market.	adjunct in the furnishing of a room
i- , A resolution was passed requesting and the American craftsmen used
,l 1 ’ 1 u‘ ( ntAri° 8"4 y,u‘^v provincial considerable ingenuity in fashion-l 50 goyernments to	all egg buyers lng them. A few American cabinet-
lllf .	. This has been in Western and Eastern makers modifled the styles of Chip-
Motion by Crs Farrell-Martineau, that Canada fpr some time.	oendale The dt>+ian* nf
above date in the usual place of meet-	Mrs. L. Bel isle be alb wed $6.50 worth	It was also decided to	try and set	up	white and	Sheraton	were	ypnprallv
ing. Present, Mayor Barr, and Council-	of supplies for the month of February,	a central sales distribution agency	in	(cooled	bv	our	cabinetm-ikpre	Shnr
lors Hanna, Grant, Whelen, Judd and 1939, to be purchased at Patrick Roses. Montreal for eggs and pouhry in con aK designs Macfarlane forming a quorum under the —Carried.	junction with tie Quebec Province -Card tabled Lrk ubtei anY Pom
presidency of the Mayor.	Notice of motion is hereby given by Producers* Ass n, and a committee was hmkes were common after ifloo
Minutes of last regular and special Crs. Young Dagg, that a by-law to be appointed for this purpose. It was felt	common after 1800
meetings were read and confirmed on	known as by-law No. 98, will be intro-	that the two associations	now shipping
motion of Crs Macfarlane and Judd.	duced at the next meeting of this	90,000 cases of eggs, or	31,400,000	if
A discussion took place legarding	Council	to levy	rates for the year of	co-operating would be able to get a
roadwork. It was moved	by Crs.	1939.	better price tor the farmers for their
Whelen Judd, that Messrs. Harry and Motion by Crs Dagg Young, that this eggs and poultry.
Wesley Hodgins roadwork be	transfer-	Council	now in	session,	tender their	Last year our Central Committee re-	A	regular meeting	of	the	Municipal	18
red to Mr. John Cunningham’s	division,	sincere	thanks	to Rev.	J. J Sam mon	ceived in the Montreal market $301,000.	Council	held	on above	date at the	usual	H
all memtort' of 8
Price $1.26 per 100 lbs. At the Car in Your Bag
9 00
At this close price we must sell for OA8H only.
10 50
4 50 tario
Oall the Mill now and order your supply.
Telephone 28 j.
\
Clarendon Council
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., HEC'O.
February 6th, 1939 The Clarendon Council met on the
Carried
x / / z z z z z /i/ zv z z z z z z zizy tz z z zi/izizîziz z z / z z z z z z z z z z z ? z z ?
z z z
HODQINS
GARAGE
v
South Onslow Council
February 6th, 1939
:l\

—Carried.	I for his efforts in obtaining grants on the I for eggs : $66,000. for dressed poultry, I place of meeting,
Otwillor Smart entered and took Municipal roads of this Township, and 1 and $10,000. for live poultry.	Council being present,
his seat at the Board.	that a copy of this resolution be for For the information of those concern- The newly re elected Mayor and Coun
Motion by Crs Macfarlane-Hanna, warded to Rev. J. J, Sam mon.—Carried j ed the Dominion law requiring all eggs ci Hors filed their oath of offiice. that the price of gravel drawn, for the unanimously.	-	purchased by retail stores to be pur- On motion of Crs Young Clarke, the
year 1939, be set at an average price of Motion by Crs Dagg-Martineau, that j chased on graded prices and not ou fiat minutes of last meeting were confirmed 35 cents per yard for a distance of l mile this Council adjourn until March 6th, prices, has become law, receiving the as read.
30 “	“	“	“ "	“	i	“	1939 at one o'cloc k in the afternoon.	necessary consent of the Quebec govern- The auditor's report was read and
03 “	“	“	“ “	“	3	Andrew Farrell,	nient. This law has been in effect iu adopted on motion of Cis Clarke and
“ 4	‘	« T	Ontario for some time.	Smiley.—Carried.
earned	-r-	‘	0. H. Bovltox, Manager.	On motion of Crs, Young-Fraser, the
|	^-Larriecl.	.	,	following bills were ordered paid :
Motion by Crs. Whelen-Judd that	Bristol Egg and Poultry A*» n W. J. Fleming, board of council $11 31
Messrs Action Snuley and \\ iu. Crick I Kubber, Coal, Old Boats	I _	-— ..	Wrialii .t P.intiae Telo.dmn. Ca
be appointed roadforemen to replace	Keep Better When Moist j	Lucien Massée A Co., auditors 33 59
who have been appointed Councillors- ^ndl'pe^h whe7 leftfor «"long ^^onlhZ	30 Day.	^
«a,^r	SP-
establish a tax on all dogs in the	d«mP Place, but a mineral such	as month. Many	calendars have used	from the D#rw.rtn.ent nf
Municipality in order to t re ate a fund	coal remains good for any length	of this period in	their reckoning, be	Agriculture re. noxious weeds was read
to compensate owners of sheep for •ime under water. Coal washed up cause the changing phases of the Lgj on motion of Crs Smilev-Muldnon
d,5xX“J	tis t serras: fctassa; vsaJ:
Messrs. Alex Horner and E. J. Birber, Answers Magazine, the admiralty | observes a writer in the Kansas h;Arne(j	g
be appointed Weed Inspectors of this fried the experiment of keeping coal j City Star.	Motion bv Crs Young Fraser that
aar*'te * mr-	I -ss.“«..i » j &tsit;
Councillor Macfarlane gave notice	immersion, it gave more heat	in ! 30 days, making the average the	Fedeial Members to have an internro
that at the next regular meeting of this	burning than similar coal which had j correct length.	Every month starts	Vlncia| ^idge between the Province* nf
Council he will introduce a by-law been stacked in the open. Coal with the new moon, as it first ap- (jntarj0 an(j Queber constructed at
—” ',lewalsëêss
,hBuT°tweive 29'i-day months total	federal Members -
Motion by Crs Muldoon Fraser, that ! this Council give $10.00 to F. A. Davis I for the Ottawa Valley Tourist Bureau.
A letter asking for relief tor Stephen Robinson was read. No action taken.
Councillor Westbrook gave notice of motion at the next regular meeting of Council a by law would be introduced to levy a rate of taxation for the year 1939.
On motion of Cr. Clarke, the Council then adjourned.
Chevrolet, Buick, Oldemobile, Sales ~ Service
v
%
80 “ 90 41
44
u
44 44
44
44
PREVENT DAMAGE
t ff»
1
I é
7 02
6 00
Prevent damage to your Oar by having us fill your radiator with
EVEREADY PRESTONE It is the most reliable.
Enjoy comfortable Winter driving by installing Hot Water Heater and Defroster.
Drop in and ask for information.
Our stock of Heaters, Defrosters. Batteries and Anti freeze is complete.
10 00 94 30
compulsory in this Municipality material to be supplied free of charge for this year by the Government.— Carried. 8- ’ 1	3ESHF; I m
air
Building stone cut from a quarry
a great deal of moisture	_
Motion by Crs Hanna Grant, that the I and must be stacked in the air for I on’y 354 days, which is eleven Secretary write the Minister of Munich some time before use. One reason I days short of the year. Consequent pal Affairs asking for an extension of why St. Paul’s cathedral has lasted My» this means that Mohammedan the authority for loan of August 1st, | so well is that Sir Christopher Wren [dates shift around through the sea
sons. For	the Mohamme-
dan year will commence in 1955 in the autumn, and in 1971 it will again U j come in March. Thus, their celen-* j dar gains a whole year on ours every 33 years. ,No doubt we should find this very inconvenient knowing what season a certain date might be in, but in their countries it is very arid, with little change between the seasons.
J. L. HODOINS
Phone 64 J.
1938—Carried
insisted on having all the stone well Motion Crs Smart-Whelen, that the | weathered before use.
Old canal boats are into use after years of idleness, these boats are left on the surface they will be cracked and warped beyond repair, but they are usually 8 00 left lying at the bottom of their docks, some of them for years Those boats are built of oak or elm. timbers which will remain un harmed below water.
following bills be approved and piid : John V. Dunlop, charity wood $5 00 W. A. Hodgina, charity Tfce Equity Printers, ballots..., 8 00 EsL C. J. Caldwell, supplief^HHIH| Officers presiding at election
9 79
ESTABLISHED 1888
not
8 30
—Carried.
Motion by Crs. Macfarlane Juki, to adjourn—Carried.
Jos. A. Steel* Sec-Treas
INVALID
OO AC H
The Gregorian calendar, which we use, keeps step with the sun and ignores the moon, but it is possible to have one that will keep in step with both. A good example is the mmm calendar
John A. Dean, Sec.-Trets
GEORGE HYNES Ss SON
Bristol Council
“Rose of Jericho” Plant
Native of Sandy Deserts
February 6, 1939
Minutes of Council Onslow North
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
Ordinarily the
. ¦ -	The regular session held on above
The rose of Jericho or Resurrec Jewish year is practically the same dale, present. Mayor McLelltn, and a tîon plant is not mentioned in the as the Moslems’, but after approx- fuj| bc^rd of Councillors
The regular meeting of the Municipal Bible, though one of the books of the jmately three years, when it has The newly elected Mayor and Council-Council held on above date. Present,	Apocrypha	-'peaI s	of the	rose-plant	lagged a	month behind, an extra	lore having subscribed to their oath	of
Andrew Daley, Mayor, and Councillors	m Jericho.	The Standard	Bible die-	month is	inserted which brings it	office took their seats *t the Board.	Tg
Young, Farrell, Armitage, Martineau tionary says this may possibly be up again. Actually, there are seven	The minutes of last meeting were read
and Dagg	^ raa r°se*	was first mtro j of these 13-month years every 19 and on motion of Crs. Orr-Fitzsimmons
Mayor Andrew Daley and Councillors	in Palestine probably during years.	were adopted.
Young and Martineau having subscribed	e Persian or Greek^ era, but the	________________ Mr. Neil Drummond appeared at the I tendant to inspect this bridge and bills ! Gatineau Power Co. be held over.
their oath of office.	n.T t / ation çead# »8tead the ,	Bible racts^l	Board and further discussion of the land estimate cost of raising bridge and Motion by Crs. Beattie Duff, that the
Motion by Crs Young-Armitage, that Oleander.	•	I am hook-lovers read the Rihle for Warble Fly took place. Councillor | cutting down hills	Sec-Treas. advertise for 15,000 feet of
minutes of December 5, 1938, and Jan.	What is	called	today	rose of	. beautiful dignified Foolish it	Henderson gave notice that he will	at	A	letter and bill	were	read	from	Mr. M*dar	rquares	and	plank,	tenders	to	be
3, 1939 as read be adopted —Carried.	Jericho” is	a very	homely	crucifier.	! contain*	if for nn Hppnér rpaenn	the next regular meeting of this Council	Garatb	Graham	and were	held	over	till	m	by	March	1st,	and	timber	to	be
Motion f by Cra Farrell Dagg, that an Anastatica hierochuntina, says a	London Tit-Bits Magazine Men introduce a by-law to have all cattle in next meeting.	| delivered at the Town Hall before May
Albert Young be appointed road fore writer in the Detroit News, which who have made a verv ( ireful anal this Municipality treated for the Warble A letter was read from J. R Rudd. lst-	1 ?iV F X.-
on division formerly in charge of in a moist atmosphere opens the	‘ it c on	No action taken. •	Motion by Crs. Fitzsimmons Beattie,
Gur vas Armitage.—Carried.	petals of its corona and ma dry tains 3 566 480 letters 810 697 words	The auditors report was read showing	Motion by Crs Henderson-Orr, that ^at notwithstanding the fact that
Letter of N. A. Drumiuonl, Argicul atmosphere closes them. This plant	verses 1 189 rhnntèr* and fifi wh on hand of SI,420.21 ; Motion by the^ following bills be approved and Municipal loans must be repaided with-
tnrist read.	is a native of the sandy deserU	^ WOrd "and- ^cûrs no Cr. Beattie-Hendemm, that this report paid :	in one year, .hit this Co„£7il request
Notice of motion is give i by Council- from Arabia and Syria to Algeria. .	..	46 62? times ™d ihp be adopted—Carried	J D. Moorhead, auditing books |20 001 l^e Quebec Municipal Commission to
lors Farrell Young, that a bylaw to be js an a/\ni?al and £r°ws about six	“Lord” 1 588 times Thnsp S. J. Trudeau appeared and requested Gordon Roy, brushing road.,..	3 00 permit this Municipality to renew their
known as by law No. 97. to eradicate inches high. Soon ,fîPi flowering	order their lives bv the Bihli that a new bridge lie built on the Fifth I David Grant, Î cords of wood 6 0 I antes for #6000 with the Bank of
the Warble Fly in this Township will the loaves fall off and the branches .. choose a better set of Concession, opposite Lot 12. Motion R. W. Emmeraon, labour on 5 Montreal for a period of one year —
Feb. 6, 1939
Phone 80



ing road ..............
J H. Daughter, auctioning roll
3j days dr ig
Jas
| 9 25
5 00
ion ritialmmdBs. appealed a special
M Neill be
Alao that bill» from Roy Elliott and





###PAGE###5###
g-S
mm

w
The Equity
Names E-bridge, Eldridge
r. Have Different Meanings
Differing by only one letter and sounding so much alike that it is difficult to distinguish them from each other, the names Elbridge and Eldridge nevertheless have entirely different meanings, writes Florence A Cowles in the Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Elbridge is of Anglo Saxon origin and means “dweller.at the little bridge," a place name which was first a surname and is now also used as a given name.
Elbridge Gerry (1744-1814) was a signer of the Declaration of Independence, governor of Massachusetts and vice president of the United States. His name gave rise to the political term gerrymander, denoting an unfair division of electoral districts. When governor, he signed a bill dividing the state into new senatorial districts bringing many Federalist votes into one dis-
shaped like a huge salamander and someone coined for it the word gerrymander.
Eldridge T. Gerry (1837-1927), grandson of the foregoing, was a lawyer and philanthropist, founder of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
Eldridge has two orgins and two meanings. Its Teutonic meaning is "mature counselor" and its Anglo-Saxon meaning, “fearful, terrible," related to the adjective eldritch.
Eldridge is another form of El-dred or Eldredge and related on the Teutonic side to the word elder.
PRINTING
¦•sablliàet ISM
PUBLISHBD EVERY THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILLB, QUEBEC
i
annual subscription
Anywhere in Cnuadft To United States.
Successor to G. F Hodgins Co. Limited
Remember THE EQUITY ie in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.	'	¦¦ I ' "	1
Let us do your :
$1 50

2.00
see
• #
February
Furniture Sale
AU erreurs must be paid In full before any paper Is discontinued

W. O. COWAN, PUBLISHER

Letterheads, Envelopes,
Invoices,
Billheads
During the month of February we are having a special sale of Simmons high class Beds, Mattresses and Springs.
Any of our customers who are contemplating buying new bedding Zbr Spring, it will be to their advantage to examine our stock and compare prices.
Simmon’s Bed Outfit
Mattresses Springs ...
Special Eclipse Mattress
Simmon's Mattresses are known the world over and recognized as being the finest quality obtainable in their various price brackets.
Such names as “Beautyrest", “Ostermoor” and “Deepsleep” are by-words with Canadian housewives, where the best is requested in bedding equipment.
Special February Sale of Chesterfield Suites, Studio Ensembles, Sliding Couches, Dressers, Chiffoniers, Vanitys, End Tables, Writing Desks, Telephone Sets,
Room Chairs, etc.
Fancy Walnut Footstools “	44 End Tables
WJ


Statements,
Posters,
Labels,
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
One of the districts was
Sales & Service
MAIN STRUT
SHAWVZLLE, QUE

$15.45 and up 6.50 44 44
#########$*#####
Shell Sealed Gae and Olle
64
64
5.50 44 44
i
5.50
General Repairs
The Same Sellable Service
Wilson's Garage
Phone 40 Tsar '' ü mi
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
.
Descendants of Viking
Chiefs Recall Grandeur
At Visby, picturesque capital of the island of Gotland, there is presented an historical pageant, which is a popular feature of the Scandinavian season.
Over this lovely Baltic island flies the flag of Sweden and over its tur-T 4 l m rel6d walls and vaulted ruins there J-ilVing B is peace—a peace shot through with
B dreams of long-gone grandeur, says R a writer in the Philadelphia Inquir-
Look Here
Beattie’s Eye Service
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost ole’.
p
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie's Eye Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
Sciential Eye Examinations
Specialists on all Visual and Muscvlar
Eye Defects
I FOR SALE—A cohole of email stacks of clover hay. Apply to Kewnsth Hodoinh, 8 hawllle. Phone 18 7.
er.
$2.75
Here roses bloom in profusion where once bearded Goths prostrated themselves in worship of the sun —where later Vikir\g chiefs sought safe harbor for their sea-weary ships and where, during the Middle ages, the all-powerful Hanseatic league established its trading cen-
FOR SALR-No, 12 De Laval Cream Separator, slightly used. In excellent condition. Apply to Allan Sparling. Shaw ville. j ...	'	• s
3.95
a
a
<<
a
4.00
End Table and Book Rack Extra Special End Tables
44
4.85
44
5.50
WANTED — A car-toad of Springer Cow», to freshen about March 1st. Ayr-shires or HoUteins preferred. Apply to LeOHABD Bklshkh. Shaw ville. Phone 3q.
flew 1939 Wall Paper
ter.
Here, Wg ago, sea-faring Got-landers lived amid wealth and refinement, their ships the rulers of the northern seas. But their very wealth brought about their decline. i Seemingly secure behind its mighty city walls, Visby allowed the tales of its great wealth to spread beyond the seas. They were minting their own gold coins, those Got-landers—even their pigs ate from troughs of hammered silver.
ulid an indeown with the
AGENTS WANTED-# pendent business of yoytt < distribution of over mf guaranteed neces-ettiea In select district. Every day Is pay day. Repeat orders on all goods. Lower prices. Success guaranteed to all honest, ambition», alert men. Write today w out obligation to FAMILEX CO . 570 Clement, Montreal.
The newest designee of today—Priced from 20 cts. per double roll and up
Ith
St.
Cold Seal Congoleum Bug
T.T. BEATTIE,
Professional Optometrist
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS,
Professional Optometrist.
6x9
$4.50
4 •


Profitable World War Deal
A moat profitable transaction in the World war was the purchase of a German register by the British Secret Service in Belgium in 1917. It contained far more information about the German military forces than had been secured in the previous three years from an army of Miles. The seller, says Collier's Weekly, accepted $500 for it when he could have successfully demanded several hundred times as much money.
74x9
5.65
• «
• 6
9x9
6.70
• $
# #
# $
9x104	1
7.90
$ $
# #
] Old Viking Port of Bergen
3 Situated at the head of the Ber-1 gensfjord and pierced by its three ] branches, the old Viking port of ] Bergen, Norway, lies wedged in between its quays and its mountains, with Floifjellet, over 1,000 feet high, rising at its back door. Tile-roofed houses in white and yellow stick to the mountain’s sheer slopes like pins on a map, and a cable-car takes travelers up to Floien on its crest, where they can look down on the city and the fjord spread out below.
On the old German quay is Nordnes, the oldest part of the city where tiny houses, jammed one against another, cling precariously to the slopes of a steep hill end narrow streets climb a zig-zag course to the top. These houses are ancient, and Bergen, in spite of its jumble of traffic, the life and color of its fish market, is an ancient city. It was founded in 1070 by King Olav Kyrre, the Peaceful, and during the Middle ages was a great poart of the Hanseatic league. T
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
9x12
8.9S
i 4
4 4
• •
<
Seasonable Grocery Items
Fresh Haddock, per pound Fresh Herrings,
Fresh Salmon,
Strip Cod,
Fresh or Smoked Fillets, per pound 15c Salt Herring 35cts per doz. or 3 doz. for $1.00 Lassies (old time dark syrnp) per pound 9o Delight Flour, 98 pound sack,
$E|tory Flour
t
9c
I 4
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
9c
$ $
4 •
• 4
• «
15c
$ 4
.
4 «
$ «
15c
$ $
4 $
4 4
4 •
Shrine Founded In 710
Entering the ‘deer park of Nara, you pass through a great torii, or front gate, of red wood and stroll past many stone lanterns and wistaria-festooned trees. Finally you reach the vermilion-painted Ka suga-no-Miya, a Shinto shrine which Fuji war a F tilt ito founded in 710. It is dedicated to the original ancestor of the Fujiwara family, who was not far removed from the sun goddess, and is one of Japan's most ancient, venerated sanctuaries. A good example of primitive Japanese architecture, the Küsuga shrine has often been rebuilt like most Shinto temples.
Phone. 278 ______ ^ \
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
$2.15
$2.35
$ 4

4 4
• 4
• 4
MacLeans
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Go., Limited
RED & WHITE STORE
Fort Garry Became Winnipeg
Of the original Fort Garry, built about a century ago at the juncture of the Assiniboine and Red rivers in western Canada, only the gate itself remains. Fort Garry became today's Winnipeg. It was the scene of the “provisional government" which Louis Reil, the half-breed rebel, established in 1869. The Chateau de Ramezay was built in 1704 by Claude de Ramezay, eleventh governor of Montreal It was the headquarters of Montgomery during the American occupation of the city in 1775, and in its vaults a printing press was set up by „ Benjamin Franklin
lived there. Today it is a portrait gallery and museum.	-	' -j
“The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
• f
Jergens Lotions
Smooths and ; Penetrates
23 cts.
Per Bottle
2 for 45 cts
Made in Canada
The Danube River £	}
The Danube river was. in the hey-day of steamboatin* before the ! coming of the railroads, the only connecting link between the Balkan | states of Turkey, Rumania, Bui-1 garia and Serbia and the Austrian empire The Danube's first traffic boom was during the Crusades when 2,000 laden craft bound for the Holy Land proceeded down it at one time. The early Greek merchants knew it and Herodotus called it the "greatest of rivers." For 500 years the Romans ru!ed it and It is interesting that no single people has controlled it since. A dozen ! towns along it are mentioned in the Niebelunglied which reflect the early barbarian raids and migrations. During the long Turkish occupation of the lower river traffic was at a standstill, but with their overthrow in the Seventeenth century trade began to revive. In 1817 steam was introduced and soon the Danube over its 1,600 miles from Regensburg in Bavaria to the Black sea resembled the steamboat days on the Mississippi.
FISH
Rotf 6. Fraser
Flowers, Gifts,
| RENFREW, ONT.
Novelties
I
per lb.
Halibut, choice,
Smelts,
Salmon, choice,
Tulibee,
Haddock, .
Fresh Cod Fish, steak ‘
Salt Cod Fish, blocks 4 Fresh Herrings,
Salt Herrings, per dozen 35c
three dozen $1.00
22c
:i
20c
i i

Box 886
«
15c
i
Benedict Arnold once
12c
u
Distinctive Flower Styling, that * our business. We in vite your patronage.
Orders of #1 00 oj over, phone us collect $6.00 or over, phone us collect and we shall prepay. ^
(

If
10c
On
Only Species of Wild Horses
Prejvalsky's horse, the only species of truly wild horse in existence, cannot be tamed and is rarely caught after it £ reaches maturity, says Collier's Weekly. In 1902 Karl Hagenbeck led an expedition to the Gobi desert, the habitat of these animals, to secure a number of
fact that he had 2,000 extra Kirghir horsemen to help his own men, he captured only 12 foals, which wart too young and weak to escape th their herds.
10c
u

On orders of
u
15c
<
10c
if
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts •NAWVILLt. - QUE.
But despite the
anytime between 7 a, sad 11 p.ra.
If
If
If
«
/

I
i .
###PAGE###6###
'
by the fragile of Nations and the governments of several nations, Including Canada.
Eating Habits of Canadians In these studies emphasis la placed on the desirability of a greater consumption of protective foods such as meat, eggs milk, fresh fruits and vegetables. Should consumption of these .foods Increase in any marked degree far ere would be called upon to produce more of them and less of cereals In order to meet consumer demands.
Selection Of
Poultry Breed
They Are Investigating the "Cavalier" Disaster
i
ni
VOICE OF THE PRESS
News
Parade




Choosing Best Type—Depends On Strain And Management



By Elizabeth Eedy


X

1rs THE FARMER WHO PAYS
Many farmers are feeding the pheasants in order that the hunt-tors may have a good day's shoot
next autumn, must be invaded too. incs Standard.
A subscriber who intends to start keeping poultry wants to know what is the best breed. The fact is there is no best breed. Everything depends on the strain and the management.
It stands to reason that no matter how good the management is, results cannot be got if the birds inferior, either in strain or stamina. Healthy birds are absolutely essential at all times and most difficult to secure.
Healthy Birds Essential In purchasing the nucleus of a flock, a visit should be paid to the farm where the stock is being bought and every observation giv-to the health of the main stock. In selecting a breed, consideration must be given to the space available. If space is limited, then a light breed will be the most suitable and they will he kept for egg production alone. More space is desirable for heavy breeds, which may be kept for the supply of table birds at the same time.

$

PRINCIPLE OF THE THINK: We
tried hard to, but we just couldn't make it. Leave Hitler and Mussolini out of our column this week,
You'll forgive this . it's impos-


è

t

And their farms St. Cathar-

we mean.
s, no doubt . . le to avoid concentrating on two foci of the world's attention, If we are to understand what the present international crisis is all about, and where the next one is coming from . . .
The French newspaper “L'Epoque" went phophetic ( ?) last week in a whimsical way. It published an imaginary dialogue between the Nazi and Fascist dictators:
Hitler: “As soon ns Franco wins in Spain we'll pull a ‘second Munich'/'
TOi
a
these
More Protective Foods
This would probably mean a greater revenue for farmers generally as such foods bring higher prices.
changes In farming and marketing methods and In the values of different types of farm lands.
The economics division of the marketing service of the Dominion Department of Agriculture has given some study to the eating habits of Canadians, not particularly with a view to correcting deficiencies In diet but In order to obtain statistical data whtch-would assist producers and distributors In planning their business.

flm
èK
THE MORE, THE MERRIER
Is it not time that Ottawa inaugurated a now policy of bringing selected immigrants into Canada? We can never solve a lot of our problems without more people.—London Free Press.
THINK, AND BE HAPPY
A thought for the moment when you just can’t bear to hear another word about the state of Europe: Snowdrops and primroses and first crocuses in the black earth—and then, in a little while, buttercups and daisies in grass.—Vancouver Province.
1


are

%
It might also Involve

P

:


X


i ;
on



solini: “Without wasting a . Adolf."
Hitler: “And here's how you do
00 planes behind the , 500 seaplane^ and 30 vs in the Halearics, f>00 Spanish Morocco. After that you teP Daladier you want Djibouti—•*
Mussolini: “And Tunisia ?”
Hitler (irritated):	“No, I've
told you a hundred times that you must go slowly at the beginning. It's the principle that counts."

Mu
kit'
I
nun u
¦
the

it: x
> * *
p.\
The European population of Southwest Africa, a former colony of Germany, is now estimated at 30,000, including 21,000 South Africans, 6,000 Germans who are naturalized British subjects, and 3,000 unnaturalized Germans.
su
OBSOLETE APPOINTMENTS
A good example of obsolete municipal practice is the re-appointment of a pound-keeper to serve Ridgetown, Ont., although the appointee has never been called upon to place an animal in pound for 20 years. Almost in the same category must be the individual who is still, we understand, Brock-ville’s official fence-viewer. — Brockvilie Recorder and Times
nlanvs
1
St

1t
Dietary Changes Affect Farming
Lac La Hache is now frozen solid, but snow has ruined the usual glassy surface necessary in sport
Captain George C. Pirie, air attache of the British Embassy, is shown in a New York hotel questioning Captain M. L. Alderson, RIGHT, who was in charge of the flying boat Cavalier when it plunged into the Atlantic ocean between New York and Bermuda. Pirie is in charge of the investigation into the disaster which claimed three lives.
Trends In Diet of Consumers Have Direct Bearing on Agriculture—Ottawa Keeps Tab to Give Tips to Growers.
Increasing attention paid to dietary habits by medical and public health authorities may foreshadow important new trends in farming. Such at least Is the view of some agricultural economists who are following with Interest the dietary and nutrition studies undertaken
SURE THING: Take our word for it. or leave it—there’s going to be another Munich,” this spring before the ice goes out.
4 4
INVENTIONS
WANTED
GOD SAVE “THE” KING
It is a poor reflection both on cur education and our patriotism that not very often do we hear “God Save the King” done correctly. In that familiar piece we r.re not, perhaps, blessed with anything approaching a great piece of music, but at least we could learn to sing “THE” King, where written, in lead of “OUR” all the way through.
“These dictators, don’t forget, are primarily actors.” he said. “They get their effects by the art of the actor.”
And So Are Salesmen “Today In our public schools, and by means of special courses, young men are taught how to command audiences—but not for the purpose of becoming actors. Far from It—for more important purposes, putting over the big deal, selling the customers. If they have a first-rate talent they have an unlimited field before them. If they have only second-rate talent they go on the stage.”
Wolves Are Seen In Brant County
WILD LIFE: A scheme to purchase and maintain a wild life sanctuary in the Bruce Peninsula as advocated by Dr. W. Sherwood Fox. president of the University of Western Ontario has been turned down by the Federation of Ontario Naturalists. The members would have had to finance the enterprise out of their own personal pockets.
It is urged by Dr. Fox that an L800-acre area be set aside in the Bruce Peninsula for the preservation of a number of rare plants— wild orchids, pitcher plants and other botanical species now threatened with extermination. If the naturalists can’t afford it, perhaps the Government can. Attention Department of Mines and Resources.
We have beee aucreeafully selling Inventions, patented and unpatented. since 1924. If you have a sound, practical Invention for sal*, write ue Immediately.
Chartered leetltute ef America*
Inventors.
Dept. 37-li. %%’*»hln*te*. D. O.
Deer, Partridge, Beaver, Are Also In Evidence In Southern Ontario.
r
i

u
Four wolves, three large and one small, reported seen a few days ago on the farm of William Hutchinson In Blenheim Township near Princeton. Ont., owe their freedom to assistance from the weatherman.
Peter Porter, district game overseer. told of the Incident. Fred Fearheller. working on the farm, told his employer that he had seen the four wolves In a field. Mr. Hutchinson believed his employee had seen police dogs and had mistaken them for wolves. Later Mr. Hutchinson was driving a team when ho also saw the wolves and was convinced they were not dogs. They approached so close he feared they might attack his horses. He raced the team to the barn for safety.

)
Brantford Expositor.

m
<>;

ROLL YOUR OW N
BETTER CIGARETTES
K


if
COMPULSORY INSURANCE
As the law stands, a car owner is under no obligation to take out insurance until after he has had an acciJtnt; then he cannot get a license until he has. This is like locking the stable after the horse has been stolen. If anyone should be compelled to take out insurance at the same time that he acquires a car it is the owner of the used—and sometimes very much used—car. And the cheaper the car the greater the need for Insurance.—St. Thomas Timee-Jour-nal.

x-



wittc


.
i

Will Advertise No. 7 Highway
/
*
k
AT WAR OR NOT: In the course of a fiery speech last week before the House of Commons, Georges Heon, Conservative M.P. for Ar-genteuil, demanded the calling of a general election to decide whether Canada should automatically go to Great Britain’s aid in any war. Said Mr. Heon:
"Sir Wilfrid Laurier propounded the policy that when Britain is at war Canada is at war, and Prime Minister Mackenzie King has reaffirmed this ... I do not infer that we should never take part in any war. What I say is that any war in which we do take part must be a war in which something better than sentiment, actuated by propaganda, is at stake. It must be a war that threatens our very liberty, independence and existence, and the issue of which would be of immediate vital concern to all of us.”
Isolationist
As Tourist Route For Visiting State*’ Travellers On Way To Winter .Fair
EXTRA
MILD



Executive of the No. 7 Highway Association at a meeting In Toronto last week decided to ask every municipality between Point Edward, Sarnia, Ottawa, Pembroke and Montreal to consider a co-operative proposal for advertising the highway as a tourist route for United States’ travellers on their way to the New York World’s Fair.
Mayor Thomas E. Henry, of Stratford, said the highway must qualify this year ag one of the main roads bringing United States’ visitor* Into the province on their way to New York.
Mayor A. T. Claxton, Lindsay, Reeve George West, Madoc, and J. T. Stephenson, Alisa Craig, were elected directors uf the association.
What is an ibex? An ibex is the back of the book where you look for things you can't find.
Thought To Be Police Dogs
Having no gun available, Mr. Hutchinson borrowed one from a neighbor, but darkness had set in by that time and nothing could be accomplished.
Deer are still being seen In Brant County and In that section of Oxford County where the wolves were sighted. Partridge have become numerous, Mr. Porter said, In the South Dumfries preserve, vicinity of Scotland, where beaver are numerous, an area two miles square has recently been posted as a game preserve.
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
Airplane Ride
Cures Cough


3
DO
It
l
s
I
Twelve children with whooping cough were flown for two hours at a height of more than two miles above Berlin, Germany, last week, and, according to attending physicians, came back to earth relieved.
One of the doctors, a director of the district health insurance bureau, said the children all fell asleep in the rarefieo atmosphere.
X
#
I
#
In the
i
0
$
t

Commonsense? talk? Take your pick.
THE WEEK'S QUESTION: Why is Germany’s financial situation desperate? Answer: Germany has no foreign exchange for the purchase of raw materials abroad. Up to now, subsidized exports have provided enough foreign currency to buy vital imports. But this year the Reich’s exports have sunk away down, incurring an unfavorable balance of trade. In addition, the annexation of Austria and the Sudetenland make foreign-exchange needs even more desperate.
Best Actors Not Found On Stage
More than 19,000 runners participated in Russia's recent crosscountry contests.
WA
\
1
Sir Cedric Hardwicke, Eminent Britisher, Says They’re In Politics or Business, Witness The Dictators.

i


/

à

•*. .•/
First rate actors today are not on the stage nor in Hollywood, but are in politics or business, Sir Cedric Hardwicke, British star of “Shadow and Substance," said In an Interview last week.
Sir Cedric said Garrick, one of the most famous actors In stage history, would not bother with the theatre If he were alive today. Instead of swaying hundreds in the theatre, he would be a dictator exerting his spell over thousands and hundreds of thousands.
• •
W'jSI
6V
»
Save the coupons from Lipton • 1 lb. end H lb packages. They are exchangeable for beautiful Wm. Rogers & Son Silver-plate. Write for premium book to Thorn. J. Upton Limited, Upton Bldg., Toronto^
1
t
V
i
K*
I
!
1
Tull-
i
Ice Harvest
i
I
i
^Lurmred
Farmer May Reap It From His Own Ponds And Streams— Free From Contamination.
9 2*
MM,i :
1
an
IL
<

“An’ I never thought she looked m day over thirty I”
The ice harvesting season fortunately comes at a time when there is the least work on the farm for men and teams, and consequently the actual money cost is usually not very great.
Water for the ice supply should be entirely free from contamination or pollution. Ponds and sluggish streams usually have grass and weeks growing in them, so that the ice harvested is likely to contain vegetable matter, which is always objectionable. They should therefore be thoroughly cleared of such growths before the ice has formed. -
By L. Frank Baum
WONDERLAND OF OZ
9

<W"
:e-Cvo	r
T:	C © r r
© #
O * V o



4
f

f.
û



' 4
C

4
h
V3
m
r>

«
mm

/I
T

0


l1-

)
i)
k/
3
«•
>


T? ,





a %
V*
Filling the Ice-House
A cubic foot of ice weighs about 57 pounds, so in storing ice it is customary to allow from 40 to 50 cubic feet per ton for tne mass of ice. At least 12 inches must be left between the ice and the wall of the building for insulation, unless the ice house has permanently insulated walls and an unusually large space for insulation beneath and above the ice. From these ligures it is possible to calculate readily the quantity of ice that any given ice house will hold.
» j
•*€*- 1
1 >
• ¦'V » . ¦
*
W
s


^ Tfl
y


y

r

F
À 4
Suddenly the First and Foremost caught Guph around the neck with hie brass hoop. The next inatsnt the General was dragged Inside the rock hut Here there wee only a dim light by which G up h could see little of the Inside of the building. Vet he had a feeling that many eye# were fastened upon him. The First and Foremost laughed grimly. “If you have anything to say that I# Interesting." he said, "speak out before I étranglé you."
With all his knowledge and bravery. General Guph did not know that
the steady glare from the bear# eyes was reading hi# thoughts as aurely a# If they had been put Into words. He did not know that th# rock heaps were merely deceptions to kle own eye a, nor could ha gueae that ha was standing In the mldet of one of the most luxurious cities that had ever been built by magie power.
Suddenly there appeared from the opening another hairy man with a bear's head. In his hand he bore a brass hoop. He glared at the stranger In evident surprise. "Why have you captured this foolish one and brought him here?" he demanded addressing the owl-man. "I did not capture him." was the answer.
He passed the scarlet alligator and here of his own free will and •Loul." The First and Foremost at Oeph.
"Have you become tired of living,
"No. Indeedy!"
then?" he asked
answered Guph, swallowing nervously. "I
General of King ituggedo'a • rest army of gnomes. I come of *, '«.ng-Hved race of people and. If I mny ¦ay so. Ï expect to live a long Mme yet. 811 down boy». If you ran find any place to alt In this wild haunt, and I will tell you of the hig fnvbr I am about to do for vow "
a gnome and the Chief
j
###PAGE###7###
\
f »
DRESSMAKER HAD ID QUIT SEWING
It if realized, unfolds before the scientist an entirely jiew region in which to pursue investigation and test contentious theories.
MASS PRODUCTION AIRPLANES
A secretly developed process based on plastics is being tried out to manufacture eight or ten planes • day. They had been flown successfully for more than a year.
The new method Is based on the moulding of thin veneers of wood into compound curvatures under heat.
What Science * Is Doing *
How Can I?

BY ANNE ASHLEY
»/g
>fc\

Hands Swollen with Rheumatism
Pity this poor dressmaker 1 Nine-tenths of her work consists of sewing—and she was not able to sew. Rheumatism in her hands was her trouble, and she tried any number of remedies. Bat nothing helped much—until she came to Kruschen.
“Three-and-a-half years ago,” she writes, "I had n violent attack of rheumatic pains. My feet and hands were swollen. The pain was terrible. I was really quite crippled and helpless.
“I tried many remedies without Then I started on Krus-

Q.—How can I remove a scratch from walnut furniture?
A.—Cut a walnut or* Brazil nut kernel In half and rub the scratch vigorously with the freshly cut nut The oil from the kernel will reflnfsh the wood.
WORLD S STRONGEST FABRIC
A glass marble weighing one-third of an ounce and drawn out into a filament 120 miles long can be woven into the strongest fabric in the world.
A pull of one million pounde Is required to break a square inch of this glass stuff when woven like thin cloth.
In the process the glass ie spun like cotton or wool yarn, and produces continuous fabrics that resemble. silk or rayon in appearance.
»
I
#
»
Q—How can I prevent lumps of flour from forming when mixing batter 7
A.—Add the salt to the flour before wetting. Then pour flour into the liquid. Instead of liquid Into the flour, and beat it with a fork. In this way lumps will not form.
Mass production of ten fuselages a day could be started in two weeks or a month It Is said.
Uy
%
HOW COLD AFFECTS BODY
Interested in Ending out how the body reacts in cold climates, Dr. Raymond W. Swift of Pennsylvania State College sent 21 students into a room-sized refrigerator and had them lie on army cots for an hour and a quarter. While the subjects were in their igloos, Dr. Swift tested their metabolism rates. His conclusion: when you shiver, your body’s heat production increases as much as 400 per cent.—-and goose pimples are simply the result of the extra effort.
Z

success.
then Salts, and after one month, I could stand up again. Then I walked with a cane. In three months, I was quite well again. As l am a dressmaker, you can imagine what it meant to me not to be able to work my sewing mac hine. What a treat to be able to walk, to work, and to be free
from pain.”
The stabbing pains of rheumatism are often causcT by needle-pointed cry-tala of uric acid lodging in the joints. Kruschen brings relief because it helps to dissolve those troubling crystals and to ex pel them from the system.
Q.—How can I insure a smooth cover on my ironing board?
A.—Tack the cover on the board while It is wet and It will be smooth and tight after it has dried.
Q.—How should buttons be sewed on sheer material?
A.—Reinforce the back of the fabric with tape. If a button tears off leaving a hole, sew the button to a piece of material a little larger than the hole, then whip to the wrong aide of the garment.
ALLY IN TREATING CANCER
Scientists investigating the structure of the atom are now able to produce intense beams of artificially energized, high speed subatomic particles which will prove powerful allies to X-rays and radium in treating cancer. Recent research indicates the nucleus of the atom is a tightly-packed core of particles called neutrons and protons, jammed together by energies many millions of times greater than those in the atom itself, and having a density a million, million times that of water.
This revolutionary discovery,
k
EXCUSE ME- BUT BIG BEN TOPS ’EM
ALL FOR FLAVOUR /
(Mrs.) E. 8.
Canada Boosts
Tourist Traffic
Canada is now one of the chief sources of the world’s supply of radium and uranium.
Customer In drug store (on Sunday morning»—"Please give me change for a dime."
Druggist—"Here you are. I hope you enjoy the sermon."
News from St. Petersburg, Florida, reveals that Canadian visitors most of them from Ontario, are helping to make the 1939 influx of tourists the heaviest St. Petersburg has experienced for a number of years.
A total of 28,Cl3 visitors are in the southern city, reports state. In one day 600 arrived and of these close to 100 were from Canada.
Q.—How can I make a remedy for an Inflamed nose?
A.—Equal parts of witch hazel and pure alcohol Is often found to be an effectual remedy for an Inflamed nose.
^Scratching
” RELIEVE ITCHING In A Mmut•
the most etubborn itching of BÉmplcf, athletrs foot, nebra and other ik o erup* lia*, quickly yields to Dr Dennis' eoclipr. cotise»-
He. IkjukI 0. 0 D. PRESCRIPTION Its gentle wls
These Wolves Object to Taking Their First Airplane Flight
Motcbes,

Q.—Hov can I remove discolorations from china and earthenware?
A.—Scour with baking soda. A salt and vinegar solution is also excellent.

•ootbe the irritated skin. Clear. greasde* and sU‘e-¦•'dries fast Stops the mort intense itchiia la-Nactly. A 35e trial bottle, at drug rtorw. nrorra it—
wmune, hack. Ask for D. D. D. PRESCRIPTION. »

X
I
-
Classified Advertising
pn
They Denounced First Photograph

pa n: V11
RAIIV CHICKS
AN OFF EH TO EVERY INVENTOR. List of Invention* ami full Information sent free. The Itamsay Company. Registered Patent Attorneys. 273 Rank St. Ottawa. Can.
BUY DIRECT BY MAIL, HAVE THE Agent's Commission. Grade A Heavy Breed* 111.00, Pullet* $ 18. Leghorn» $10.50, Pullets $22.00. Get complete price Hit of all grades, breed* and sex. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
Just a century ago—In January of 1839, to be exact — a French painter, Louis J. Daguerre by name, set up a strange looking piece of apparatus In his studio and produced the first photograph.
Artists Astounded
Scientific and artistic circles In Paris and London were astounded at the new marvel, and some clerics denounced the Invention because
the making of any*llkeness of anything upon the earth or In the waters under the earth.”
Picture-taking In those first days was a far cry from the photography of today which is "an art, a science, a species of public service, and a recreation for Individuals all In one.”

1’IIO KH.It A I’ll V

FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH Every roll film developed and 8 high gloss prints 25c. Reprints same price. 8 enlarged prints Brlghtllng Studio, Toronto.

SAVE MONEY ON YOUR 1939 Government Approved Chicks. Barred Rocks. White Rocks, New Hampshire Reds $9.50 up. Pullets $16.95. Leghorns $9.00, Pullets $19.00. Send for catalogue of all grade», breeds and prices. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited, Baden, Ontario.
x

X
25c.

y

PERSONAL


LIFE READING AND PREDICTION for 1939. Advi«e on business, finance, speculation, employment, love, marriage, health, lucky day*, numbers, etc. Complete. $1.00; short outline, 25c. Send blrthdate. M. Kleman. Louise Bridge, Box 174, Winnipeg, Man.
"the Holy Bible prohibited
COLD* ARE DANGKKOl M
w*
m

WRITE FOR A TRIAL BOX OF "Old English" Composition Capsules. Brings quick relief. Mall ten cents for 35c box of 15 capsules. Old English Herb Co., Toronto.

m

¦
REDITE SENSIBLY! LORE VP TO 7 lbs. weekly. Safe, inexpensive. Chart and Information FREE. Write Dr. Wendt. Canton, 8. Dak.

Joe Laflamir.e, colorful native of northern Ontario, experienced one of the most exciting times of his life when he transported his team of full-grown wolves from Gogoma to Sudbury, via airplane. During the 40-minute flight Joe had his hands full as the wolves fought fiercely to escape from the plane. It was the first time that the wolf team, the only one in Canada, had left Gogoma, where Joe has been patiently training them since last summer.
FEEDS AND FERTILIZERS
POTASH FERTILIZER (CANARIAN Hardwood Ashes). Write for Free Circular explaining use George Stevens, Peterborough. Ontario.
MARRY—WOULD YOU MARRY IF suited? Hundreds to choose from. Some with means. Many farmers' daughters and widows with property. Particulars 10c. confidential. Canadian Correspondence Club. Box 128. Calgary. Alta.
Amazing Progress
FURS
, The progress during the century
has been amazing. A camera Is In
Motion
What People Ate In 15th Century
SHIP YOUR FURS TO THE OLD established house years In business. T^wls A. Jones. 189 Talbot Ft.. Ft. Thomas.
practically every home, picture photography, and the miracle of "wlrephoto" which makes possible the simultaneous reproduction of events and personalities In the news all over the country, to say nothing of color photography, all Indicate the phenomenal pro-achieved since that first day Daguerre produced the
Over forty
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
HAv=
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY, Inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials. Guaranteed. Advice free. Bartlett’s. Box 1, Winnipeg.
HAIR GOODS
WIGS. TOUPES. TRANSFORMAtion*. Switches Curls, and all tvpes of finest qunlltv Hair Goods Write for llltiefrated catalogue. Confidential terms arranged. Toronto Human Hnlr Funnlv Co.. Rî* Bathurst. Toronto.
POULTRY AND EGGS
arD
Menu of a Banquet During That Period Reads Like a Store Catalogue—Guests Sat For Several Days.
* WANTED — LIVE AND DRESSED poultry, also feathers. Good prices. Write Stork, St. Patrick's Market, Toronto.
1. When there is some Item on the menu which one does not understand, Is it all right to ask the waiter what It Is?
Î. What should a person say when being Introduced to someone whom he has met previously?
3.	Is It proper for one to use a telephone to acknowledge receipt of a gift?
4 If the wedding Is to be so small that wedding Invitations are not engraved, how should the bride and bridegroom Invite their guests?
6. Which is the correct form, when a husband and wife are signing a greeting card, Mary and John or John and Mary?
4.	Should a woman Include her husband’s name on the Invitations tà a tea?
HE
gress
world’s first photography, or dag-uerrotype, as It was then called.
WANTED — LIVE AND DRESSED poultry. Pay above market quotations. Write Export Packers, Gu4 College. Toronto.
HONEY FOR SALE
RITCHIE'S NO. 1 CLOVER RAFF-
wood Honey. Twelve fours or mix eights 14.00. Amber 18.00. Fix tens Clover 14.75. Robert Ritchie,
It is amazing and amusing to read that when George Neville was Installed Archbishop of York in 1466 he made a mighty feast at which 3,500 sat down, and continued sitting, more or less, for several days. The bill of fare included 80 oxen, 1,000 sheep, 300 calves, 8,000 pigs, 400 deer, 3,500 capons, and a few other trifles!
The average banquet of that age had a menu like a catalogue of a present-day store. A menu for the less robust appetites was: "A dozen tastles of red deer In a dish, tarte, gingerbread, and fritters.”
Used Daggers For Knives
Each person had his own knife —probably his dagger did duty. Forks were introduced from Italy, and only one or two exclusive people In England possessed them; Queen Elizabeth bad one In her later years.
Everyone hacked off a portion of the Joint for himself. Fingers must have played a prominent part in the operation, and this would account for the punctilious cleansing of the hands which characterized the table manners of the period.
Both before and after meals, pages went round to each person with a basin of water and a towel, that people could wash their hands before touching foods — hygienic precaution which might well be more carefully observed today.
“So your name is George Washington,” the old lady asked the small Negro boy In an American Motel.
“Yessum.”
•'And you try to be exactly like him, or as nearly as possible ?”
"Lak who?”
•'Why, like George Washington.”
“Ah kalnt he p bein' lak George Washington, 'cause date who ah
RUPTURE
ARE YOU RUPTURED?
Comfort, Positive Support with our advanced method. No elastic or understraps or steel. Write. Smith Manufacturing Co.. Dept. 219. Preston. Ontario.
HONEY FOR SALE
Relief.
Makes real high class syrup.
Evaporator.
much. Evaporators that will make profitable your maple bush for a email Investment. Write for catalogue of equipment It Is Interesting.
Price Low—Quality High W. GORDON STEEL WORKS
LIMITED
Maple Syrup
CHOICE HONEY—SDC 8 LB. PAILS Amber $3.00. Buckwheat $8.00: 68 lbs. Amber $3 90, Buckwheat $3.50. Hutchinson Bros.. Mount Forest. Ontario
TRACTOR MAGNETO AND GENERATOR REPAIRS
LEARN HAIRDRESSING
LEARN HAIRDRESSING UNDER the personal supervision of Mr. V. Crompton, prize winning hairdresser. Booklet on request. School of Modern Hairdressing, $58 Yonge Ft.. Toronto.
SEND US YOUR TRACTOR MAGNEto and Generator Repairs. We save you money.
Manfr.. 855
Allanson Armature Bay St., Toronto.
ONTARIO
Is."
TWEED
STOP THAT ITCH
OPPORTUNITY
"Is your husband wearing a new suit 7*
"No.”
“But he looks different” “Ho Is. Ha's a new husband.”
PRURITUS. ITCHING OF ANUS, rectum, etc. My treatment has proved successful. Inexpensive. Particulars, W. Lucas. 325 Rane-lagh Ave.. Vancouver. B.C.
WAITING FOR YOU!
FORTUNES HAVE BEEN REAPED from small Investments. Partteu-D. A. Mitchell, 1123-67 Yonge St., Toronto.
lar
Z
¦ Iowa Is your
Answers
1. Yee. Only a timid person would hesitate to do so. 2. “I think I met Mr. Marshall several months ago.” 3. No, It Is not good form. 4 The bride should write each Invitation personally. 6. Mary and John Is the correct form. I. No.
V:
OVER


dost
The theatrical touring company gave a performance of "King Lear,” and the local critic wrote: “If Shakespeare could have seen his play performed, he would have turned In his grave.”
Next night the same company did "Othello," and the leading actor thought he had made a hit this time, until he opened his paper and read: “We thank the company at the Buskin Theatre. Shakespeare is now on bis back again.”
Weekly lergst II.

Y
eàHARfiâ.


\
\
/
\

ACHING
COLDS
<
\
r Have Switched To ¦
blue coal
For BETTER HEATING
?
A
Production of the Canadian glass industry in 1937 amounted to $14,437,259, the highest since the record year of 1929 when the value was $15,507,442. The 1937 total was 30 per cent, above the 1936 figure which in turn was 11.7 per cent, higher than 1935.
\



Relieve Their DISTRESS This Easy, Quick Way!
Don't take chances. Rub on soothing, warming Musterole. Relief quickly follows.
Musterole gets such fine results because it’s NOT just a salve. It's a
if”—easing, warming, stimulating and penetrating— helpful in quickly relieving local gestion and pain.
Used by millions for 30 years. Recommended by many doctors and nurses. Mad» in Canada, in three
so
An unemployed actor finally landed a small part In a new •how the other day and now he says he's so happy he feels as though he's walking on leather.
i
i
Let this overwhelming preference for 'blue coal'— the world’» finest anthracite — be your guide to better heating, 'blue coal' will give you a standard of heating satisfaction and value that has won tne confidence of over 100,000 Canadian homeowners.
Order a ton of 'blue coat today
GUARANTEED RELIEF!
Try the active oxygen treatment for the relief of bleeding, itching piles. In use nearly half a century. Use half the tube and If not satisfied return tube direct to the Company and receive the full purchase price. If your druggist doea not have EUCOZONE RECTAL OINTMENT enty-flve cents by money order d tube (with applicator) be mailed to you In plain i per, postpaid.
Eucozone Laboratories
(Canada) Limited
WINDSOR, ONTARIO
I

Student—•'A full grown man has 13 teeth.”
Teacher—"Wrong. The answer Is 31 teeth.”
Student—“Ah! But this man belongs to the Rotarlans!”
Order from your nearest 'blue coal' dealer today. Ash him also about the 'blue coal' Heat Regulator which provides automatic heal with your present equipment.
strengths: Regular Strength, Childrens (mild), and Extra Strong. Approved by Good Houfwk^ping Bureau. AH druggists, 40* each.
send eev-

Will
an
blue coal’^

. According to s writer the new poor still cling to their pride. They always send the wolf round to the delivery entrance.
THE MODERN FUEL FOR: SOLI ^ COMFORT
V

ED
t
T
la “The Shadow” every Sat.. 7 p m., CBL, Toronto.
CBO. Ottawa.
Issue No. 6—f39
6.30
###PAGE###8###
Wl
I
t
‘H
Service Announcement
Famous Si. Bernard Dogs
Have Saved Many Lives
Tenders Wanted
Shawville Intermediates
Defeat Quyon 6 to 1
Clearing Sale of Stanfield’s
High Quality Underwear
Shawvilijb United Church Rkv. A. F. Foxts B. A., B.D. Pastor
The original St. Bernard, raised many centuries ago, was a cross between a Swiss mountain mastiff and
a Danish female bulldog. This stock | n qq a m % Service at Shawville turned out a progeny of magnificent creatures strong enough to carry a man a considerable distance.
Shaw ville out scored Quyun 6 to 1. acres oi pasturi with a never f.uluig Joe Murphy got QuyoiVs lone creek running across it. Situated on an counter, while Ebert Richardson excellent highway 14 miles from town scored three, XV. Harris, li. Hobin, of Amprior, and half mile from village
iind \V. Shore, one each for the I of Hracside. An ideal location for raia- • The breeding of these dogs was Shawville team.	ing hogs, chickens, bees and vegetables. I begun by the monks at the hospice
The teams	A beautiful place for a Summer home founded by St. Bernard of Menthon p* . Service — Suhtect
Ou y on—Goal, W. Smith; defence for town or city dwellers. Should you in the early Ninth century, notes a J. Trudeau and E. Campbell; for be looking for a location such as the writer in the Chicago American, wards J. Murphy, E. Trudeau and I above, do not fail to look this one over The monastery is 8,000 feet above 1). Boland : subs, M. Lepine, L. I	Apply to	I sea level, near the path, or pass,
Illlt
R. Hobin Hint W. Harris.	|	I of forty feet. Th.s pass » used by
French and German pilgrims on
their way to Rome. For the convenience and protection of the travelers St. Bernard founded the hos-
Sunday, February 19
1.30 p.m., Service at Zion
3.00 p.m., Service at Stalk’s Corners
Subject : “Guides into right pathways
7.30 p.m., Service at Shawville
Has the
A discussion of a
Church Failed î WHKÊKKÊÊÊÊÊI mtivh debated subject illustrated by
50 coloured elides.
Red Label, Pure Wool, Combinations
Regular $3.50 for 82.95
Print l United Crvbvii C. Armstroxo-Salbs, 11. D.
, Sunday, February 19
St. Andrew’s Service at 10.30 “ u Sunday School 11 30
¦riHMj|n|rapp at
Service at
God Telling Secret*
Gold Label Combinations
Regular 42.75 for 82.26
Gold Label Shirts and Drawers
Regular $1.60 for St,26 Green Label, Pure Wool, Shirts and Drawers
Regular $1.15 for 95 ct8.
Austin
Knox
2 30
Sampler-Making Pioneer
Art for American Women
7.30
Snawville Defeated by Quyon
Samplers, examples of need
Putting up a strong finish and	.....	,	,	.	.	...
taking advantage of the breaks are paît of our cour..iy s histc :> 1 1 i It is estimated by students of his-
an intermediate league game the past young and old women alike j tory that the St. Bernard dogs,
played on Shaw ville iue on Friday made at ler.st one sampler, and named after St. Bernard, have
night, Quyon took another décision often more, during their lifetimes saved more than 2,500 lives in the
from Shaw ville by a score of 0 to 8 Making these was a requirement in more than 250 years they have been
Vu to the final session play was schools os well ns at home Thi t used by the monks.
fairly even, and then Quyon tak object over which the girls hoi At‘the first sign of the storm, the
ing advantage of a penalty to one toiled and groaned in early days animals become restless. When it
(d the Shawvilie boys, scored assumed more value later and son; breaks, they are turned loose, and
twice and before g(,ng >i)uni cd pi^s were carefully taken along t«i scatter in all directions, noses high
wasriftsws
‘ The game ‘throughout was fast Actually, sampler making is not of brandy suspended under their and clean, only two penalties be- indigenous to America, for \* fi. necks.
ing handed out. E Trudeau (2), appeared in England, but while ref- Often when they arrive, the lost
Murphy, Boland, Lenine and J. erences to samplers were made in man is covered with snow, uncon-
Trudeau, accounted for Quyon's literature as early as 1502. the scious. The dogs are trained to
scores, while Shaw ville tallies first known was mode in 1610 by scratch away the snow that may
were made by Ilobin (2) and XV. Ann Gower who later moved to this have drifted upon the unfortunate
Howard.	country. There are, so far as I traveler. They warm him with their
Quyon—Goal. Smith ; defence, know, writes Rae Lewis in the bodies, and lick his face.
J. Trudeau and Campbell ; centre, Washington Post, scarcely more
Murphy ; wings K Trudeau and than half a dozen samplers of the
Boland ; sub*, Knox, Boyer, Qitigg, Seventeenth century left in this Lepme, Hanna way and Bronson or.nnfrv
Shawville—Goal, Phillips; de coumry* fence, \Val<h, Hudgins ; centre Hobin ; wings, Howard, Richard son ; sub-, Pokes, Shore, Harris I>agg.
Referees, J. Pritchard of Quyon and C By ml man, of Shaw ville.
pice
:
Clarendon Pastoral Charge Rev R. G. Newman, M A.,H D
Sunday, February 19
11.CO a. m.—Service at Radford 2.30 p nt.—Service at Norman 7 CO p. m —Service at Yarm
in
Fleece Lined Shirts and Drawers
Regular 90 cts. for 69 Ct8.
Buy Now and Save at These Reduced Prices

Morris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
ANGLICAN
Sunday, February 19 St. Pauls
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	m. m.'f-Holy Communion
7.30 p in.---Evening Player
Holy Trinity
Service Withdrawn
St. Luke’s '
2.00	p.m. Evening Service
Thursday Evening, Feb. 1G
8.00	p.m Evening Prayer
Parish of North Clarendon
Mr. A. C. Lawrence, Lay Header
Sunday, February 19 10.30 a.m, Service North Onsloxv 2 30 p.m , Service at Charterie
;
Shawville Bakery
Word Spider May Be a
Corruption of “Spinther”
The word “spider*1 may be a corruption of “spinther,” the spinning creature, for our garden spider's web is a wonderful piece of weaving. writes Oliver G. Pike, F. Z. S., in London Tit-Bits Magazine. In coloring the garden spider is a mixture of beautiful browns and grays, and if we examine one with a ,
pocket lens the eyes are fascinai- J “if? Massacre Eia:nca on ing, for they resemble tiny red jewels, but to the creature on which the spider preys they must be fear-
In the beginning, “sample!** was literally the name. There were no needlework books and every time a new stitch was learned from an o.d-er member cf the family, or perhaps from a visitor or neighbor, it was “recorded.** so to spei.k. for future use on the individual sampler.
Early ones included much open and outwork, as well as lace. They were long and narrow, possib cause of widths the English were able to produce. On tinent-woven materials, the narrowness was probably because it was unnecessary to show more of each
For a tasty loaf try
Shawville Bread
Bristol Deteat Shawville 3-1 In Overtime Game
i
Smell of Baking .Bread
Shawville Intermediate hockey team were defeated at Hi istol on Monday night in a closely contested game. Bristol opened the scoring' hall way through the
third period when Walter Riley,	.	. . 4
scored from a scramble giving ^! v1' Lenguis cxierc.ed Phillips no chance to save. Two I •vC-» sometimes, part being rol minutes before the final bell Ebert up while it was not being worked
Richardson tied it up. In the___________________________
overtime W. Riley and L. B1 ick
scored for Bristol, making the | Adobe Brick Sun-Dried; score 3 to 1
or co
An Indian who wouldn’t take no for an answer when he wanted bread and could smell it bakng, precipitated one of the bloodiest Indian massacres in Michigan's history, says a Byron (Mich.) correspondent in the Detroit Free Press
As a result the little town of Cy-ron, settled in 1825, v. as wiped out and every family—except one— slaughtered. The one family was that headed by a m’ller named Smith.
The Indians refused to harm Smith because he had taken one of their chiefs who was severely injured into his home and rered for him until he recovered.
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
some.
The web, with its symmetrical lines and circles, is one of Nature’s wonders. The spider selects the site, fixes a few stays and guy-ropes, then constructs from 20 to 30 radial lines, all proceeding from a common center like 'the spokes of .	a wheel. Working from the center,
introduced by Spaniards 1 sbe goes round and round, fix frig
Adobe, or “dobe” as it is common-	1 circles of web to the spokes until
ly called, is a sun-dried brick. The	she reaches the outside. A line is
bricks arc made from a mixture of	made from the center where she
certain clay loams, straw and wa-	sometimes remains to sun herself,
Duncan McLellan, of Montreal, I ter. The bricks arc used in most	to her lair, which may be two feet
was elected Grand Master fur a	any type of	structure,	such as	or	more	away,
second term at -the 09th annual	houses, farm	buildings,	boundary I This line	will	carry a message to
communication of the G ra	n d	walls, or warehouses.	her as she remains out cf sight;	The	massacre	resulted	when	the
Lodge of Quelled, A. F. and A.	M.	The U9e of adobc vvas introduced	no matter where on insect settles cn	husband	of	the	woman	who	refused
% sax à r: : sat s wsyurAta
nutv Grand Master wlnle S L correspondent in' the Rural New- | exception of one or two spiral lines The Indians demanded immediately
I wanrs	bp
Senior and Junior Wardens, re- make and use it in building. Most hold any insect that >ctt.es.	ened to kill and scalp e\er> -1	®
spectively.	of the Spanish missions built in Cal-	and burn stheir homes umcsr th s
District Deputy Grand Masters	ifornia, from 1770 to 1823,	were built	___________ were	done. *
included Rev. L F. Urothers, of	of adobe.	.	In	general	the settlers felt	that
Hull, for Ottawa district. Dis Adobe is used nuit* extensively in Thomas Jefferson’s Versatility the killing had not been justified, trict Grand Chaplains included L. .5 q^ilpct L 111 ivr. nf Summing up his versatility in oth- but they stubbornly refused to sub Rev. Donald Nicholson, of Buck- I	b	ill	er fields, one writer observes in part mit one of their members to the
Ingham, for Ottawa.	fu	îhlS 1S ,due. t0, ,lhe ? that when Thomas Jefferson “spoke Indians for torture. They sent a
that it is cheaper for building: be- f, Qne immediately thought him runner to get a company of soldiers cause the cash outlay for materials 1	1
is not large, and as the ordinary
workman is skilled in this type of
construction, the labor cost is low.
t

DALE’S T NSHGP
Quebec Grand Masonic Lodge Officers
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Maple Syrup Equipment
Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment ? If not, do so now ! as this is the time of year we make up supplies. Give us your order now ! we can supply you with :
Pans, all sizes
a lawyer; when he talked of me- from the fort at Detroit, chanics you thought him an engi-	¦	_ WÊÊÊ
neer; at the mention of medicine one confined to bed because of an ill-was sure he was a doctor, and in a ness, heard guns fired, piercing discussion of literature your mind cries of agony and the roar of was made up that he was a college | flames consuming his neighbors' professor
after the signing of the Déclara
lion of Independence, Jefferson died | him to go back to bed and at his request this simple In scription was placed on his tomb- 1 of his friends through a back win-
Here was buried Thomas I dow. Another Indian barred his
Imprisoned in his cabin he
Sap Cans,
Maple Syrup Cans, Evaporators
Former Resident of Thorne Passes at Brooksby, Bask
That night. Smith, who had been
Another old resident, Mr. Sam Another great advantage is that Tubman, passed away at his home adobe is a very poor conductor of in Brooksby, Sask., on Wednesday, heat; therefore an adobe house is Feb y 1st, after a lingering illness much cooler in summer and warm-froni heart trouble. He was in his er in winter, than an ordinary house.
rar*	_	...... Adobe is also fire-resistant and dur-
He homesteaded m the Willow ab!e 01d Spanish missions built of
"SEEBHi::; f %
Que., a son of the late Mr. and 1 for centuries.
Mrs.' Thos. Tubman, of Greer-mount, Que
He leaves to mourn bis loss a sorrowing wife, tour daughters and four sons, namely, (Alice) Mrs.
Andrew Bruce, (Winnie) Mrs Win. Bruce, of Brooksby ; (Lorna)
Mrs. John Sparks, Naicam, and Mÿrtle, at home; Elton, Crooked River ; Douglas, Thomas and Milton, at home. Surviving also are one sister, Mrs. Wm. Dagg, of Valparaiso, Sask.; two sisters and five brothers in the East, namely,
Mrs. J. Atkinson, Mrs. Geo. Finan,
William, James. Thomas, George and David, all of Thorne.
The funeral service was conducted by the Rev. Robt. Leitch, at Ridgedale United Church.
The j)aU bearers were, Austin Sly, Norman Ga ringer, xntin Reiderer, V Wm. Miller, Norman Monkman, Alex Russell, all neighbours of toe deceased
A number of beautiful tributes were received.
Iron Coolers,
Spoils,
Fifty years to the day j log cabins. He rushed from bed to
the door. A blanketed Indian told
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, HUE.
Smith attempted to go to the help
stone
Jefferson, author of the Declaration I way of Independence, of the Statute of watched the destruction of the vil Virginia for religious freedom and | lage. father of the University of Virginia
rtiaiEErsrsjBfDZisrsja
The next day a squad of soldiers arrived. They found the village re-
izt :	11
Popular m Duck
Bluebill, broadbill, lesser scaup, greater scaup, blackhead, black-neck, blackjack, doughgree—these are some of the labels given the two closely related species—little and big, creek bluebill and bay bluebill, writes Ding Darling in the Wash-
The Columbia Icefield Area
Many of the world's most see cm plished Alpinists have, at one time or another, explored and climbed it the Columbia Icefield area, when there are no less than six majoi peaks that rise to a height of more than 11.000 feet each. With ar area of 160 square miles it is the largest icefield south of the Arctii on the continent. It is frequently referred to as “the mother of riv ers“ by reason of the fact that it i< the source of three rivers whost waters flow to three different oceans. These streams are the Co lumbia, flowing to the Pacific; Sas katchewan, which reaches the Atlantic by way of Hudson bay, and the Athabaska, which finds an out let through the Mackenzie into the Arctic.
« Discovery Ur Athens
1 am the boundary stone of the I bodies of the victims, with Smith's reads the inscription on a family the only living beings.
Reductions on
Memorials
a go
marker which helps determine the limits of the Athenian market place of the Sixth century B. C. Its height is approximately four feet and it is a foot thick and four inches wide. The personified inscription is cut with carefully made archaic letters
in
Hospital Donations
Marble and Granite
Shawville Community Hospital com- ington Star, across the top edge and down the mittee acknowledge with much thanks, They are so very much alike, exright side. The white marble post L ^nation of $2.00 from Mr. Ben cept for size, that skilled naturalists was found standing erect in its §mjtb Shawville.	at times have difficulty in distin-
original position, just under a road '	_________ - guishing between specimens without
bed containing pottery of the Fifth	~~	| making precise measurements,
century.	I ______________
It is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory of a loved one.
We believe that our years of experience in the manufacture of memorials, enables us to produce a suitable memorial at all prices.
We offer on any order placed between now and May 1st, a discount of 10 percent.
The smaller species is more inclined to seek sheltered water, the larger broadbill rather more fond of big bays of the sea. Probably Amer-x lea's most popular deepwater duck, the bluebill is any gunner's game because of its abundance and wide distribution.
An old wildfowler can distinguish bluebill in flight as far as he can see them. They wheel and bank on the turns, side slip to a landing and rise on the take-off with precision.
The bluebill cousins breed in prairie sloughs and lake borders from Kansas to the Northern Canadian wilderness. Destruction pi their nesting grounds has cut down their r.ujnber tremendously.
Tenders Wanted
Tenders will be received by the undersigned Sec Trees, for the Municipality of Bristol until March 1st, for the following quantities of good sound cedar squares and plank to be delivered Bat the Town Hall, by May 1st, 1939
6,000 feet of 6x6 cedar squares
6.000	feet of 8x8 cedar squares
1.000	feet of 4 inch cedar plank Squares to be from 8 to 16 feet in length. Lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.
Terms Used by Coin Collectors
The common terms used by coin collectors are: Obverse, the side bearing the more important de vice or inscription; Reverse, the other side of the coin; F»*ld, the portion of the surface not occupied by the main device and principe inscriptions; Exergue, the portion o: the reverse which is below and dis tinctly separated from the device Coin measurements may be give: either in sixteenths of an Inch or ii millimeters.	-
FOR SALE
Comforter Bits, Spinning Rolls and Yarn, made from pure virgin wool, given in exchange for good wool.
ARMSTRONG WOOLEN MILL
Shawville, Que.
profits for poultrymen Personal attention.
Shawville
Marble â Granite Works Main Street, Shawville, Que.
prompt
G. HAROLD BOULTON
H I. SUIT!
Secret a r ? - Tman rer
Maryland, Que
BRIIT6L. OdB
Cn& UmeAi Mitj
ifZi
i 4
I 1

1

I
»
»



*7

>
