###PAGE###1###
3
n

mm
c$T.?0 pen annum In Advance I 2 00 to the United States
T A MT AMY 11 1910
THURSDAY,
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, (JUE.,
No .MO, 37 m Yea b
GEORGES CARON GOWLING
BUSINESS COLLEGE
Shawvillc Co operative Hatchery Has Successful Year
Shawville Co operative Hatchery livid its Hist, annual meeting on Friday last, when Norval Kilgour was again chosen as president and Il I. Stark as we< retary-maii iger.
Other officer* foi president Wyman ;
(’ai'swvll. Calumet Island ; Claude FJliott, Clarendon and Alex 1 hum-tnond, Bristol.
A successful report for the year 10X0 was given . The hatchibUity of eggs set was SJ 5 percent, the highest recorded in the province of Quebec. The mortality of six ks old chicks was less than
Ÿ, per cent was set during the year with most of the young decks going to Hatchery me mb* is in Foil tine.
It was decided to double the capacity of the incubators in the coming year by adding three more units, making the total capacity
18,500.
Speakers at the meeting were, J. W. Delaney, agronomist for Hull ; N. A Drummond, agronomist. for Pontiac and II. Kohitaille, of Hull, poultry promoter for this district.
St. Andrew s W M S., Bristol
A joint meeting of St. Andrew s United Church Women's Mission ary Society, and the Cheerful Workers Mission Hand was held at the home of Mrs. Melvin Stewart on January 2nd. A goodly number of members oi both societies were hi attendance.
With Mrs. W. J. Murray presiding the meeting opened by singing of a hymn, ‘ OCome All Ye Faithful”, followed by the Lord s Prayer repeated in unison. The W.M S. members, decided a cotton i j nil t should be iu the making, so a-ked that the usual -i/e blocks be ready to hand in at the February meet-
PERSONAL MENTION
Shawville Hardware
B. C. L.
Advocate, Barrister
At Campbe Vs Bay Friday, Saturday and Monday
B A
Mi*s M u jorie Hayes left Monday to take a special com dressing at Ottawa.
Mrs. .las. (>rahim. spent tho past week her sister, Mrs. It. W. llodgins.
f Ottawa, with hei John L
m
of Wyman. i guest of
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school hn* removed to larger and finer premise#
modern in Ontario
school with an reputation. Open all year
Pratts Food and Poultry Tonic
IV10 nie vive-W. S MacKochnie, boaid ofdirejtors, Kobt
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
Miss Nom h Hodgin*.
>pent the week end parent*, Mr, and Mis Ilodgin*.
Mr, Harwood Argue h is joined a unit of Royal Canadian Army Medical Corp., and is presently stationed in Ottawa.
The finest and most
Attend a
established
Cuts Feed Bill : Get Some Today
i RESENT IN» COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
It
!
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
W. E. COWLIMC, President
:
lame# < Soi don returned home on Saturday after spending the holiday" with relatives in Maniwaki.
I/on es Telford -pent the Christmas holidays in Perth at the home of his sUter, Mrs. Chas. M. Donaldson and family.
Mrs Mar-hall Hudgins has re turned fioui an extended visit
Mis. Gordon
Mr. and Mrs
Poultry Regulator and Egg Producer Hog Worm Powder and Tonic Heave Cough and Cold Remedy Poultry Worm Tablets Animal Regulator,
Roup Remedy Lice Killer
wet
X total of 2V.000 eggs
JAMES A. MILLAR
B A
ADVOCATE. BARRISTER, etc
129 Main St., Hull,Que.
At Moyle’» Hotel, Campbell’» Bay
Wednesday morning
Mi
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
A Word to Subscribers
with her sister.
Harbor, in Sudbury, and othei relatives at Massey Station, Ont.
At this particular period of the vtfsr we are very desirpu-of having all subscription accounts paid in full, and thus we make a special mpiest to those of our readers in an ear-to attend to this little duty at Although the amount
every
At Pontiac House Shawville. every Wednesday afternoon
Anglican Parish of Clarendon To Hold Vestry Meetings
The Annual Vestry Meeting for
Paul's
harland c. rowat
tlw rmri-hiuner# of St .	onCe
Church Congn-g.itioii, will h.- hi-M m ty ,)e	t„ imlivid i-
in tliv bn-emvnt or the chini'li	aj «ubsmbHr yet tile aggregate
on Monday evening, January f )tn, amount represents a large sum
at 8.00 p m	to r>. All subscriptions not
The Vestry Meeting lot the	paid bv February 1st, may be
parishioners oi St. Luke m Congre-1 ,^tp(J for other means of col gation will be held on itiesday ning. January 10, at 8.01 p.m.
The Ve-try Meeting for the parishioners of Holy Trinity Con	Stark s Conics Womens Inst i-
gregation will be held in the I tute will meet at the home ot jlr* parish hall on Friday evening, Vei tel Smiley, on Thursday after*
January 10th, at SOU pm.	noon, Jan y Urb, at 2.30 o clock
Program Canadian Industrie», paper on “Radium. ' Roll call -A manufacture! s slogan
!
Est. C. J. Caldwell
NOTARY PUBLIC
,‘-r Graduate < f. M.Gill University
3 SHAWVILLE. QUE.
OnTi In Ahc Ci. F. Rod gins Building Main Street, Shawville. Que.
lection
ev#
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Barrister
Advocate
Solicitor, etc.
ampbellV Bay, Que
F
Mr. and Mrs. Ira Hanna Celebrate Twenty Fifth Wedding Anniversary
Stock Taking
fn Liwn Block)
Mr. C. H. MacLean Appointed
On Friday evening, December Motor Vehicle License Issurer
22nd, Mr. and Mrs. Ira Hanna	----
entertained to dinner a few rela- \f,. (j H. MacL*» m, of Shawville, 1 la lives on the occasion of their has received word ot his aupoint-1 25th wedding anniversary. They m<»nt as Motor Vehicle License M :< Studk were the recipients of many lovely l^wurer lor the district of Pontiac gifts and the be-t wishes of their jn succession t > the late Joiin X\
friends	I Horner. *
On Friday evening, December
20th, the neighbours of Mr. and Shawville Women s Institute Mrs. Hanna gathered at their	_
home to extend their congratula* The January meeting of Shaw-tions and to convey to them their [ ville* Women’s Institute wa- held wishes formally more years llt the home of Mrs IV G, Hudgins happiness together.	I on Monday evening, last.
Mims Jes-ie Armstrong lead the Jn the absence of the president, following address :	Mrs. L.‘|Corrigaii, the vice presi
Dear Mr. and Mrs. Hanna :	Miss Irene Shaw, w a - in the
To congratulate you on the anmver- I cHnir. sary which marks the twenty-fifth mile Minutes1! of "previous meeting stone of life together and to wi ll you were read, and approved many more years of wedded bliss is the poit of .itho good ctieei boxes, desire of your friends. May God s which were distributed at Christ blessing rest on your home.	mas was given by Mrs. C. II. Mac*
Please accept these gifts as a token Lean, and. a splendid piper on that we are glad to be	Canadian Industries was given by
Voie Nmm hours. M rs. R. A. Hod g ms.
A beautiful silver -wive and The roll vail wa* angered by cabinet of -ilvcr were presented naming a Canadian Industry . by Miss Velma Brownlee and Master Ilarland Motlatt.
Mr. Hanna thanked his neigh hours and friends for this kind expression ol their best wishes Mr. K. IL Armstrong and Rev.
1
CLINTON H. DOWD
mg

The husine-s part of each Society was carried on separately alter which the Mis-iou Band joined the
w hen the
"Candle Lighting t en runny” from the Missionary Monthly wa- given
with Mr< Murray
LL.B, CdL.
, B.irri-tci- ct
. . Hull, Phone, Sher. 13r>4
At IVntiac House, Shawville, Que every Friday evening
B. A.
\ ivoca.e
members,
Qn
W M. S
for » program
lender assisted by Mis. J. W
Campbell
Mrs. M. Hailey also gave an
interesting outline of a chapter from the Study Hook on "Medical Branch of Missionary Work in India” an item on the anniversary at Madras.
The meeting closed with singing and prayer after which refreshments were served.
f
are taking our annual inventory and we expect to find seme odds and ends of merchandise that will be sold"at very low
prices.
These will be prominently displayed and well marked. Don’t miss them.
We
ft-
*
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A., LL. B..
Notary Public
CAMPBELL S BAY, QUEBEC
vn ill cal! any
Branch at Q ni
Monday on reqttêst ,	|
lealt with by correspondence (
Canada s First War Loan
A re
M a 11 ? rs
Ottawa. Jan. 5, 1940— In préparation for Canada's first war loan effort of the new world war, a National War Loan Committee and a National Subscription Committee are in process of formation across Canada, and will be organized in time for the initial effort on the economic war front.
The National War Loan Committee, under the chairmanship of
the Hon. J L. Ralston, K.C , M.P,. Minister of Finance, will be composed of five former Ministers of
Canada’s nine Provincial
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
(1(1 I 2-2219
189itK*tK UIIE
HULL,
QUEBEC
roudt'o n*s Hotel, Campbell s Bay i j
A Few Already Discovered
At r
every Tuesday from *-\0<) to 4 30 p in At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 0.00 to * 00 p.m.
John D Moorhead Dies at Campbell s. Bay
Following an illne-^ of - veral
T. B. R Nnrie .poke on behalf of	the liuiue .rf his
Fred. E. Henderson, bell s Bay, on Friday morn-an y 5th.
_____Moorhead was born in Litchfield" township 48 years ago, the only son of Mr. and Mrs Samuel Moorhead. He received hi* educa tion in the schools of the district and at Carleton -Place, Ont. His first position was with the Bank of Ottawa, ami later was a book keeper for the International Harvester Company at Minneapolis, Minn. He was a veteran of the Great War and served in France with the 25th Battery. Following an honorable discharge in 1919. he had resided in Campbell s Bay He was a local icporter for the Ottawa Citizen and was keenly in teres ted in sport and municipal a ff air*r
100 Pillow Cases,
Regular sizes
1?
mauve Treasurers
representative citizens from coast to coa*t. The live former Ministers of Finance are : the Rt. Hon. Sir Thomas White, the Hon. Sir Henry Drayton, the Rt. Hon. R. B Bennett, the Hon. E. N. Rhodes and the Hon. Chas. A. Dunning. The nine Provincial Tmi-uti rs are:	Hon. Thane A.
Campbell, P H I ; Hun. Angus L. Macdonald, Nova Scotia ; lion. C T. Richard, New Brunswick ; Hon. J. Mathew son, Quebec ; Hon. Mitchell F. Hepburn, Ontario ; Hon. Stuart S. Carson, Manitoba ; Hon. W. J Patterson, Saskatchewan ; Hon. Solon E. Low, Alberta; and Hon. John Hart, British Columbia Mr, Dunning has also accepted the chairmanship of the National Subscription Committee, which will assist the National War Loan Committee, and will be concerned with the securing of larger sub adaptions of a national character. It will be responsible for organizing the work of canvassing the larger institutions and corporations, in addition to stimulating the broader sale of the bonds to the public. This committee will have the active co-operation of investment dealers throughout Canada, a number of whom ha ye already done considerable work in the preliminary organization The First War Loan, will vide Canadians, as a whole, with their first opportunity to participate in Canada’s war effort, enable everyone to subscribe, it is indicated Dial bonds will have denomination* as low as $50 each for smaller subscriptions.
In announcing the acceptance by Mr. Dunning or the chairmanship of the National Subscription Committee, Mr. Ralston said, “Canada is Indeed fortunate that Mr. Dun ning has agreed to undertake this important task. His experience Minister of Finance and also in tion with the Victory Loan campaigns during the last win make him the ideal man for the job.'
and more than *200
resident
the gathei mg.
A pleasant evening was by all, after which rt f re* were served.

D. J. CAMPBELL
19 cts. each—35 cts. per pair
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
Large Number Attend Rod Cross Nursing Class
Phone 3 I.
100 Sheets,
The first meeting of Shawville and district Red Cro«s nursing class was held Wednesday evening in the High school. Mr*. Eu I McDowell and Mrs. Reuben Smith, assisted by Mr*. G. A. MacDotigall, all of whom are registered nurse*, are conducting the class, which already ha* an enrolment of about Mrs. Gordon Paul was elected t > the only oftice of the organization, that of Secretary Treasurer.
Such subjects as first-aid, bandait-ind treatment of commuai
will be studied
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Fair quality—Good large size-98 cts. each
McUil L Diversity
Graduate Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
no
Ladies Winter Weight Stockings,
Wool mixture-Gccd shades—39 cts. per pair
\L Campbell’s Bay from Friday night to Monday nigh ot each week
. For several years lie was secretary of the Pontiac Liberal Association and an Licensed Provincial Auditor, in which capacity he was engaged by several municipalities of Pontiac County. On
several occasions he served as assistant to the county coroner. Dr. L. Renaud, and for several he was secretary of Pontiac Senior Hockey League, lie was a member of the Masonic Order.
Surviving are Ins wife, the tor* mer Florence Vayea, ot Minneapolis ; a «on, Samuel Leslie Moorhead ; a daughter, Jean.
The funeral was held on Monday afternoon from the home of the deceased s cousin, Mrs. Henderson, to Campbell’s Hay United Church, and was attended by a large number of friends of the district Ser-was conducted by the pastor, Rev. K O. Warren.
Interment was made in the Union cemetery, the pall hearers being, Messrs. E. C Lawn, M L A., J. Oscar Ldiamine, A G Proud foot, David Limit in, Geo. Smith and Albert Faraud.
Several beautiful Moral tributes received from relatives and
in g
cable diseases every Wednesday evening
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE.
PLATEAU 63 8 8
Campbell s Bay Defeat Shawville G to 4 in Exhibition Game
Special Remnants,
' Prints, Broadcloths, Cottons, Chintz, Table-oil-clotb, Flanellette, etc. etc.
In an exhibition hockey game played Monday night at Shaw-ville Arena, Campbell's Hay defeated the local team by <1 to 4.
The game wa* marred by several list lights and general rough play. E Joint*on was the star player for visitors and scored four goals with R Johnson and L. Letts getting the other two. Fm Shawville Langford counted three times and L. Young once,
The teams were: —
Campbell's Hay—Goal, F. Perry;
Proudfooo and M.
reasons
0%. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. Weil
MONTREAL, QUE.
pro
All Prices
All Sizes
• •
• e
To
BELAIR 3 257
defence, II	.
Uni ty ; centre, L. Letts ; wings, B Smith and U. Bowie ; subs, J MacLean, R. Johnson, K Ranger E Johnson and E. St Gcimi
Shaw ville—Goal, O. Fades ; de fonce, A, Smyth and S. Storey; centre, L. Dde; wings, S Langford and II. Dale ; subs, L Young, XV Han is, W. Howard, H. Robin, K. Elliott.
XV m Blackburn, of Campbells Bay, handled the game,
i
vice
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
H. K. NEILSON, M.D
am
Eye, Ear, Nose and Threat Specialii
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDINO
180 METCALFE STREET
Quebec
Shawville
as

ONT.
OTTAWA
con net
were
friends and the associations in w inch the deceased held office.
PHONE, 2-7961




w

###PAGE###2###
1 '
nouneed that highway fatalities in
totalled 926, of 5.13 over
Blackouts Takes
Increased Toll
an in-November,
N o vein bet
Canadian Division Left For Overseas
mWIBÊBÈÈ
As Soldiers of First
creuse
1f)38. Of the accidents res pons.
T;
V*X Ÿ

W
Sunday
School
Lesson

blackout continues to exact
roada. I he
these deaths, 674 occur-the blavkout.
The
ible for red during
X


it death toll cn Britain*
of Transport has an




Ministry

V
By William
Ferguson
] This Curious World
1

LESSON 1
THE CHRISTIAN’S CONFESSION OF FAITH—Matthew
16: 13-28
PRINTED TEXT, M*U. 16: 13-24.
GOLDEN TEXT—Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.
Matt. 16:16................
THE LESSON IX ITS SETTING
Autumn, A.D. 29, in the third period of the Galilean ministry.

®>6©C^5
WITH LONG LEGS
HAVE long necks,
SUT NOT ALL LONG NECKEO B:R.OS HAVE LONG LEGS.
S
\
m

L
«
)

t
*iu
>


%
i
Time
?
1

m

N

z
Place.—At or near Caesarea Philippi, in the northern part of Galilee, in the southern foot-hills of Mount Her mon.
For two and one-half years Christ and his disciples have lived and walked and prayed and talked together. The cross is only six months away. This was one oi the most critical hours in all our Lord’s life, since, if this group of disciples now failed to realize his deity and Messiahship, there was time to attempt to bring such a conviction to another group.
13. Now when Jesus came into the part of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his disciples, saying, Who do men say that the Son of man is? 14. And they said, Some say John the Baptist ; some Elijah; and others, Jeremiah, or one of the prophets. In their answer to his first question is given their indication of how greatly the generality of the people respected the Master. They had only good to
say of him them, But who say ye that 1 am? 16. And Simon Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God. The word “Christ” is the Greek translation of the Hebrew word “Messiah” which means “anointed."

m
¦





m
m

1


S5X
yz

m
¦*Sy a*
THC NAMC	,
“DINOSAUR"!
means
TEKJZ/&.E L/ZABD,
AND EACH DINOSAUR. HAS A NAME (USUALLY
lat/n) WHICH IS
OtiCRlPTlVE Or THAT PARTICULAR. CREATURE

>
y
1
A

4
>

m
¦'H-


>"'"w
ld,.... ™ikÆ£ yzM%%#K32 -="....................... "
Icy, of the Department, has been impressive, and indicates that good female stock of the right type is the foundation upon which to build a permanent bacon hog industry. The use of good sires which usual ly accompanies the ownership o! good sows assures a supply of suitable breeding gilts and of market hogs yielding carcasses suitable lor both export and domestic demand.

31
I
Here is a view
ABOUT
350.000
SQUARE MIUES OP THE
UNITED
STATES
ARE
UNDERLAIN WITH ONE OR MORE VEINS OF
WORKABLE
COAL.
I
no
Peter was here a trap set
Peter himself is a
men
to catch Jesus. Christ now informs the disciples that they too, if they are to bè followers of his, must live a life of self-denial, and probably a life marked by suffering. 24. Then said Jesus unto his disciples, If any after me, Let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and foi-
cornerstone stone in this heavenly structure. And the gates of Hades shall not prevail against it. The correct interpretation of this may be that the gates of Hades shall not swallow up the church.
L
1. .?

would come
)
man

“Tell No Man”
19. I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven; and whatsoever thou shalt bind earth shall be bound in heaven; and whatsoever thou shalt loose earth shall be loosed in heav-The conditions of salvation are divinely stipulated—the conditions that we must become living stones and members of the new spiritual 20. Then charged he the disciples that they should tell no man that he was the Christ. I n-til the disciples’ own views of his Messianic work were greatly corrected, any statement by them that he was the Messiah would do more harm than good. It would have brought Jesus prematurely, into antagonism to the Jewish rul-
21.	From that time began Jesus to show unto his disciples, that he must go to Jerusalem, and suffer many things of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be killed, and the third day be raised
22.	And Peter took him, a"d began to rebuke him, saying it far from thee, Lord; this shall
be unto thee. These words said to Christ out of love
c

4
low me
TRIGERATOP5
" THRJE£+fOZN£0 FAC£
must work together
15. He saith unto
on
FARM COLUMN
' I#* Nt*	^'CE i*C t
Urging the need for organization and spending a lot more time today in thinking of ways to market pro-
Miilbum. Peterboro.
Farmers'
e # e
--‘--aœES
translated as ' Tyrant
on
en
name of the gigantic
5^
duce. V. S
secretary of the Dairy Association in a recent address to
Prince Edward County Milk Produ-
4 Whose
PRODUCE FINE BACON
The national hog policy of the Dominion Department of Agriculture which has been in operation for several years is now of particular value. In assisting Canadian farmers in obtaining -bacon-type foundation sfbck, the Department offers the services of its officials throughout the country at specified points in the selection and shipping of gilts of good bacon type, either in individual or group shipments.
During the past few years tne
maiket
race
Association asked
Founding of the Church
17. And Jesus answered and said unto him. Blessed art thou, Simon I>ar-Jonah: for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father who is in heaven. There was no sudden revelation granted to Peter. The revelation was made possible by Peter’s ever deepening knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ. All the facts of Christ’s life are available for but not all men recognize him
cers
fault is it that conditions for tlit-
bad? Is it the Gov-
Arc there any icebergs in the northern Pacific ocean?
X EXT
farmer are so	e n
ernment’s, or the manufacture-! a No. It’s our fault - yours and min ' — and it is our job to find out
what to do about it."
•‘We need legislation to level
but v\e
SONG WRITER
he said
production out can’t get it until we get down to work and organize, talk, think and work at our plan till we can speak with oue voice and the people will know what we want and will sup
12 His tunes are -------folk
open
Answer to Previous Puzzle
HORIZONTAI
1 Pictured composer of ‘‘Swanee
River.”
12	Billiard rod
13	To liberate.
14	Point.
16 To jump.
18	Encounters.
19	Tramp
20	Sound
ei>*
W
N
songs
15 He died in
AiHA
0
improvement effected in hogs in districts receiving shipments of bacon type gilts with assistance under the Brood Sow Po!-
SP

men
AS Christ. 18. And I also say unto thee, that thou art Peter. This is the name whicli^TKe Lord Jesus to Simon, son of Jonah, at
17 Italian river. 19 Hourly 22 Nullified.
24 Tv jabber.
26	Snaky fish.
27	Substance to curdle milk.
31 Tiny vegft lbi« 33 Golf device.
35	Beast
36	Fash if,
39	tolas.
40	Plant
41	Entrai 43 Therefore.
41 Fish. .
46	Short letter
47	Ocean;
49 Dab f.O MooV:
53	The st
54	Mca: u
MAP OF
port it
hU
A
up
eeb
H
I é
As Nazi Sailors Abandoned Scuttled Liner “Columbus''

gave
the very beginning of Peter s companionship with the Lord. And upon this rock 1 will build my church. This one of the most disputed, discussed passages
New Testament. L-------
the first mention of the church in the word of God. Is this not the correct interpretation? Is it not that Christ is the chief cornerstone of the church, that believers are built up a spiritual house, resting as thev do on him who is the
6
3!


never were
for him, but as the apostle Paul reminds us, love can often be at fault unless it is united with wis-
P
gl
BE
iA.Y
xv.r
HUCHAM
ntWeX
reasoning.
21 Mortise tooth
of the
Here we have
23 Spanish.
25 To seesaw
27	Musical note. 45 Small
28	South Africa
29	Measure.
30	One who
dom
VERTICAL
1	To court.
2	Wild duck
3	Pair.
4	Half (prefix
5	Chooses by ballot.
6	Born.
7	To grow plump.
8	People of Caucasu .
9	Southeast 59 His songs were 10 Stiff collar
a huge
43 Frosty
How To Be True Disciples
28. But he turned, and said unto Peter, Get thee behind me, Satan: thou art a stumbling-block unto me: for thou mindest not the things of God. but the things of
cud
depressions.
48	To accomplish
49	Soap substitute.
gapes
32	Neuter pronoun.
33	Ability.
34	Court
35	Valuable property.
37 Some. 3(£To abovpd
4
51	Nay.
52	Kimono sash 54 Chaplets.
56 Beverage.
58 This
sician played at 2 years.
n
«
PJ
yl

m
mu
NOTES
re

RADIO


» 5 Sou ; i i Carolina .7 Electrict 1 t
It
11 Chest bom
NEWS
!
AND
2
a
4

4?
b


By MADGE ARCHER
15
O

NBC and CBL. Met
p.m
opolitan Auditions of the A 8:00 p.m., NB< and Sanborn Hour . . .
NBC and CBL. One Mai
. 9:00 p.m., CBS, Suaiday t
January 8th. at 8:0(
I
ON PARADE
ft
16
Kj
I
IBs Majesty's Canadian Grenadier Guard#' Band Is winning an
adio following since On Parade”, be
i
and CBL. <
21
8:3V ii.m s Fami y
even great*
its new pro rani
/
:
ù
i
ir
the Canadian network on
1
gan oxer
Thursday evenings at 8:30 P.m..
is something
ing lloui
.'I
29
50
28
NBC arid CBL. Quaker Va 8:30 p.m.. NBC ur
2
p.m
iety Show CBL. Voice of Firestone with Rich
January 9, at 9:4,' NBC and CBC, Prime Minis ter Neville Chamberlain apeak ini
Its Progress and l"u 8:30 p.m.. NBC and CBL
10:00 p.m.
On Parade
ESI 1	¦ ¦ ¦ 1 ,
quite novel ii the Dominion radio
eiet-up. It is primarily a combination of military music aotl popular
with the limes it
%
32
6
aid Crooks
A

i.iii
songi L« tune algo embodies a (julzz feature. A
listener, chosen by lot from among names sent in weekly from all ov . the country, is asked by lung dist-telephone to solve the Mystique of the Week. If he guess-
a valuable
sr
59
The Wa
on
lure
Information Please
Toronto Symphony Orolicsti;
Mi I la i

46
45

4
42

m
CHI
a net
iducteel by Sir Ernest M;
j(f, 9:30 p.m

40
( O
£
ery
CBI
I ami ary
H-tly he get
es cor prize.
* :. ..January 11 Trent's Child CBL. “Oil Par
Percy Faith’s Mush s i(i(i p.m.. CBL. _
in.. Illllllllllllllllllllllllllll
i,tie" with His Majesty’s Canadian
1 (» : 00
5
54
b
lu::ui> Hi
ailor.s of the Gci
craft fall into the hands of the* Royal Navy.
Change in Programs
* concerning A inert still the radical with l be Hour and
9
ten
Riggert ne
Grenadier Guards' Band
Bing Crosby.
can programs is change iu Chare am
connect ioi
p.m.,CBI
San bon
By J. MILLAR WATT
Starting on Hit- Be rge ti-Mc< art by liaif-Ut ur schedule EST., tb mer uour being Family.”
Man's Family
Ont
POP A Cure for Sleep-Walking
January îtl
show goer <»n a Horn 8.T*> le 8:30 p.m other half tho i iakeji up by (v,,e Man »
On and after January Hth Trent's Children * '!
I
I
u
I MEAk VOU WAt-K IN
YOUR SLEC-P, £ COLONEL ! r*
l A
J
Mist * I In Man’s K4
i
A I
.iV
J

(
W'x
American pvogv. mlh *' S :0b to 8

If


!
m
TO BE HEARD
, f,tb. 10:00 p.m .
v
NBC, the
gUi heavy wt4gbt boxing bout U«
Bet Mia ami • " 1 d Ap
Card
x



k
fr
2
»t
r*
*


Meli
i
i
twt
l

\
from Madieon »qua January 6th. 1:65 p.m.. NBC vj.t	¦ Opt • Lily
m	1*1 :	P.m
minded by

ns

5-J fc
«*-’«£¦ f:
ei
r
i
vc 1
and < HI Pone in CHI
[ % C! cH

J w-•<*!=
©
c?
r
Lakmv . KC Syiupbon rdino Moiinari CBS ai

r
V-

!
TP

Fan. 7. :
V. Phil pro I * k x

x i
2V)
r
f
.w
X
j emu
all-Tchaiko* el
i
lia rm oui

w

###PAGE###3###
î

T J


I I

i
- -. ‘f

School Lunches Need Planning
cocktail frock, pausing by the fable on the stage to Vglit a rigaret In th* jo.de holder as Papa Anton ha-1 directed Her when she saw a trimly tailored voting woman coma swiftly across the room to speak to the director of the show as if in troubled Inquiry. Papa Anton turned to her a startled face. P instance's heart sank as she saw that, they were no h watching her with narro w-eye<I attention.
Could this he the girl who was to have substituted for Lucille? Put no. This girl was t.n tail tr havo worn Lucille's models ; rnd sha was definitely no dress model. Til are was aboi r her an air of authority that, convinced Constance that aho used her very on amenta i head for other purposes than
Pho young woman
Record for Twins Set In Vancouver
Quality Counts £Most
T
T

A
A
FF




Coast Woman Has Had Four Consecutive Sets Boy-Girl Babies — Medical f -cncm-enon
Protective Foods Should Be Provided in Abundance Menu Should Contain Calcium, Iron, Phosphorus and
Protein
L
B
i




K
L



E
S

A mcdiv.il phcîM
closed at Vaocouv ce ni ber win ;i it hcc Mrs. Jack l)v autui
set nî f wins.
All fho twin five years. .1 I). It KUJ I)ye when her was )o.-n August can find no «>the
or early in^De-fmn> known That i'J. gave birth this «nil'll) (‘Oiis M'ir iv«;
Bv SAD!F CHAMBERS
ml child, uudr-privileged Ih<*. needs .t lunch that 5 en re of that “empty Plie combination of foods
fresh
V.iv
}f M
to u
LET’S GO ORIENTAL
inn :.ik
rao
After tin* holiday season* av all f “fed u|)H on holiday L do not feel is if A'e aek .o routine. Ko»
PMU
lin ill in a period )i rp. alive and well.
f*r. who attei
nirth set of twins 1 last, said as f) in ( 'a il a du Mrs. Dye his
s milk
uid vegetables, whoTo grain-all combined in many, its. The menu should i’so Do planu, I to Include calcium, non. phosphorus, vitamins, protein and euoiicB.
gs, 11 v
loti sort menus ami y wish to go linns»» wh l M for my rec.|
Choxv Mein. ] hope you these men
own or for Daily supper
If any of you are in to res led n new ideas for church sup pci Chinese supper serving Chop Suc y is a novelty menu, which is always very p ipulur. If any of you wish some suggestions on Uiis 1 should he happy to give them to you if you write me your details.
I
mi
LOVE LAUGHS AT THE DOCTOR
1 Mrs
v.l re re a
>r this «pinion I ol -
for (’hop l’wvv «I J
Il fin J
îiiï
i
I
ing of hais and Papa Anion talked lognihey for
then aho turned
I
, sum .i in sfablislied."
.1 moment ,ung« and ruade he; way out of the room.
Constance watched her go with an uneasy fc ding that sbo tri 1 not Sf.tn iif* last of her.
« To |te Continuai i
i )|i<inzing io»
en
MILK AND MILK PRODUCTS: In addition to their protv lu, both milk and cheese are two of the best coinces of calcium, needed for Lie building of bones and teeth.
KG<1S. MEAT (especially liver), FISH: Rich in efficient protein and valuable also for mineral» and vitamins.
FR U1 IS A N D V EG ETA 11LK3; The yellow and leafy green vegetables are outstanding in vitamin A and tomatoes and citrus fruits rank, high for their Mum in C.
DREAD AND CEREALS: Especially tiie whole-grain products that carry the minerals and viraining as well as calories.
SWEETS AND FATS: Molasaes, syrup and the not-so-highiy refilled sweets add some minerals as well as help stoke the engine with fuel. Of the fats, butler at;d cvcxim contain vitamin A and add moi# than just calories. It Id the fit in food ihat gives it !'«, .staying qual-
AII Normal Children
Mr. and Mrs. Dye came to Canada from Yorkshire, England, where they were married. They said that there is no .history of twins being born »o ancestors on either side.
Each pair of twins is composed of a boy and a girl, in each case the girl was bo first In each rase doctors held little hope lho boy would live out all gained strength rapidly and soon were normal children.
Exceedingly Rare Case
The newest arrivals arc Kuna
BY ELINORE COWAN STONE
Copyright, IÇ36, NEA Service. Inc
e
CAST OF CHARACTERS
CONSTANCE MAIDWELL—her eine; the stand-in.
DEREK MANTHON—an artist who loved money first,
MILDEGARDE T H O R V ALD-Derek painted her portrait.
DR. ROGERS—he met his most difficult case.
Ami you have yet four costume*; fc
The bag In the lefl hand, lightly, please. Ami the gloves are quite correct
It was preposterous of It?
Constance knew that $>,.e walked beautifully. Derek ha t often told her so. And all her life .-lie had •» gift for mimicry which hu.i been the delight of her friends. Surely she could saunter, turn ami smile — saunter, turn and simile an easily as those other girls one war paid real money for this sort of thing. And for the first time in Constance’s lile money seemed desperately important. Suppose she showed him that site bad what It took?*
WitUou
that was on her lips, sue joined the Hi tie group of girls who circled among the tables, strolling, turn Ing, reversing, and zmiling a little — not too much."
Several lime# she wend'red just what Derek would say if ue saw her here — Derek, who had first brought her here because It was a good idea to go where the bes* people were.
Once the blond model he little man had called ‘‘G* rlrude” htopped to chat briefly as <he passed in her measured stroll.
“Papa Anton likes us to group .sometimes.” she ex pi ' e«l in au undertone. ' He wants ils io seem a«< informal and natural as possible."
m od e I
yes
Follow Daily
Beauty Routine
AT,
mtincs ot
Among the beauty which a well-known actress ap
CHOP SUEY
The basic ingredients oi" mis Oriental dish are onions, celery, and the different Chinese sauces which now cap be purchased at almost any grocery stove. The onions and celery should be fried in peanut or olive oil, or butter will do. Chop Suey should always be served with vice. You may add chicken, pork beef in strips or shrimps, lobsters or oysters. For the finest flavor an addition of sliced water chestnuts, bamboo shoots, mushrooms or almonds toasted will satisfy any palate.
proves are: 1er water rinses to close the pores after soap and I water
Last week: Connie gets a line on a job, finds her prospective employer ill, and is sitting down to dinner In the exclusive restaurant when a lady asks her the price of her coat!
leansing; applying face j powder lavishly, letting it set, ; then whisking off the excess with l and	Edward. Frances	and Frank
a soft brush; using rubbing a.'eo-	are	now a year and	five mouths
hot on shoulders and arms after a	vldr	John and Joan two joars aud
bath; whenever possible, washing	üve	months, and the	next oldest
her face and neck with soap and water during the day as well as night and morning.
After al
are Donald and Dorothy.
Dr. Elder said lie has found no record of a simHar phenomenon. He said, “There are about one set of twins to every 100 births. Out. consecutive girl-boy twin births a-'e exceedingly rare."'
CHAPTER Ml
"Price?
monosyllabic In her amazement at the matter-of-fact bluntnoes of the question.
murmured Constitue*


niahing tiie pro tea
Patients with head or neck injuries in one Australian hospital are to be supplied with a special radio pillow. Made of sponge robber, these contain a very weak loudspeaker.
Why, yes
This is a Bart kill model Isn't it?" the plump tady pursued, mentioning the uamo of the designer from whom Constance had brought the gray coat reached out to test the fabric be tween her fingers.
it y
CHINESE CHOP SUEY
2 cups diced raw chicken 2 cups fried pork 1 large onion J cup celery
1	cup mushrooms
2	cvps bamboo sprouts
1	cup water chestnuts :< cups water
2	tablespoons Soy bean sauce Cook chicken and pork in frying
pan until slightly brown. Add the vegetables, cut in thin slices (lengthwise), the water and soy bean sauce. Cook until tender, serve with rice and Soy Bean sauce. Time for cooking 2 hours. Serves eight.
jusr
Fashion Flashes
BECOMINGLY CHiC
With Contrasting Jacket
Sin
Scarf hats are Paris’ latest in-| terest. .Not snoods, though these ones are an outgrowth of the
A TOWN DRESS

!
Yes
Why, yes, it is You wear it beautifully.'” You aro very kind


new
snood. These scarfs which are waist-length ends of draped turbans, or crowns of brimmed hats (Schiaparelli does the latter), arc meant to warm the throat and ears, or to keep coiffures in order.



said Con stance between amusem* nt ami
V-

m
M


m

I
surprise, and mont lotted the price she had paid for the coat.
“Thank y ou." The lady sat bacK with what almost amounted to ;t sod and smile of dismissal.
The man had lighted a clgaret meanwhile glancing from Ills companion to Constance with a faintly raised eyebrow, as if savoring ol something delightfully humorous in the situation.
Constance swept him with a chill gray-blue glance that went com plvtely through and beyond him. and turned away.
Tho line ahead of her had bn> ken up. Sho advanced — the buuf-fant skirt of the gray coat rippling with lier buoyant, high-headed walk — toward tho table near the stage.
As she crossed the floor, a beau tifully dressed blond girl who passed her in leisurely saunter mui mured, “(tosh, kid! You'd tie rev have got that model if i could have worn It."
Hardly believing her ears, constance went on toward the dark little man who still waited for her.
“I am Miss Maid well," she explained. “Miss Constance MaidwoR.
I was told—“
“lliit yes, of course," lie cried
impatiently about getting here
stance
nicely. Ami you wear the model well. The hat a bit more filed, perhaps . . least, walk!
Walk! Constance thought fee id y. Took my time?
For one blank moment she wondered If every one In this place were crazy or only she, herself.
“I began to be afraid." the little man was going on hurriedly. "Ina* Miss O'Dare would not be able to find an)one to take Lucille's place — the height — tho coloring — tho carriage — the distinction. To model her things, none of tho others have the - shall I say "the atmos-
t v

r
$ t

%
!
» f
V
i
<
—0—
Small black-and-white checked smooth woollens, the classic shepherd checks that women love to wear, are a revival to check ser-
*

v


#4

» -y«j

N




Papa Anton
Cou.-ta nee gathered, was the bearded little man in
m:
:
iously for spring



—o-^-
v
CHOW MEIN


charge of the fashion show
Raglan shoulders of natural proportions, for resort and country wear
of the casual side of life in new coat styles.
Prepare egg noodle dough according to your own recipe. Cut in thin strips and fry in deep fat, a.s you would doughnuts and remove when crisp.
Cut a small pork chop and fry ! with Vi cup chopped u.iicn Mill • partly brown. Add Soy Bean j sauce and thicken as gravy. Pour j over noodles, when hot. Garnish I the top with shreds of white meat j of chicken and cold ham cut in I Hooded fashions are good in 1 tooth pick lengths. Pepper steak j
an(J ! is made by c8oked green peppers j instead of celery and beef steak i instead of the chicken and in com- , bination used for Chop Suey. also j adding mushrooms and water | chestnuts.
"He was fit to be trude went on ed up at Lt'.cillr
tied
when no one show leavsal to stand in fot
He
\
are another manifestation
\
%



CM:


m

“What made Jiiiu — how did he know that I had <<>nm to take Lucille's place? ' t "onstance asked guardedly.
"Ob, I suppose because Lucille modeled that coat iu the store the day it came in ins you." x
The girl strolled on
Constance took tint a.-out the other girl who i have taken Lucille’s place pose sho came yet?
\
—o
/
£
A fine black wool frock has the lower part of the bodice and sleeves covered with gold sequins and crystal drops, leaving the yoke plain.
*>
\
3
J
IV

Vri!. I’ll be see

— o

daytime and evening drt approved uLo on gowns of the din nev-at-home
<
» wonder as to
Sup-

we-may-go-out-latei
type

0 —
The bell-shaped cape in fur adds another Victorian fashion to this season’s list of charming feminine styles.
Hut no one did appra
So roll-
stance went on and on. watching tho more experienced models carefully at first, until she knew that she was letter perfect.
i
I
For a dessert for any of these menus, individual pies made of mincemeat, apple or pumpkin is usually used. For the beverage re_ memberc the real “China” tea and of course the correct cups, not forI getting the chop sticks, all help , to make these suppers a complete sin cess.
2573

9
IX
J
1
SIZES I«.-<4 0


You took your time
Hm! Con-
Quints Using
Typewriters
There had been four cosiunie» set aside for the absent Lucille -all of which admirably suited Constance's proudly held little figure and the clear petunia-petal of her skin and blue-black of her hair. There was a trim knitted sports frock of a soft bright blue; a demurely girlish evening frock of corn yellow: a mannishly tailored black cock:a 11 gown with a devastating white plaited votce and pearl Muds. With that, Constance carried a long jade clgaret bolder and a green lacquered bag.
By LOUN1SE LENNOX
Simple lines, designed to bririj? out the best in your figure, aie most important this season. This dress has smart tucking at tho waist and becoming fullness tit the shoulders, just where it is most flattering. A gay contrasting jacket; ami slimming tie-belt give it that added punch we like in u;ir best clothes. The jacket might be of esveteen or a light v eight woolen for added warmth ou very col t days.
Style No. ‘J 73 is designer.; for sizes i*1, Hi. •;<», 38, 40, V.!, and 44. Size 3d requires 3:i* yards of 39 inch material for dresu; i "i yards for bolero and sa>'h.
Send FIFTEEN CENTS < !.. ), (Coin is preferred) for I .VITERN to I,ou Le Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Tmmtc.
S
Tho name w ill do ver>
l
f

»
m


ma
rhank Hod you cnn at
i
They Are Learning to Run Specially Constructed Machines With French Keyboard
>
CHICKEN CROQUETTES
This recipe seems to fit in between the holiday festivities and youi Chop Suey and as it has been requested I give it here.
i cup well seasoned cooked fowl. Use as seasoning salt, pepper, celery salt cayenne and onion juice—a little lemon added gives quite a distinctive flavor. Moisten with white sauce and cool. Parboil J pint of oysters; drain and cover each oyster with chicken mixture. Dip in rolled cracker crumbs and egg; fry in deep fat and drain.
Sauce
l1/* tablespoons butter, 3 tabie-I spoons flour and gradually one-third cup of oyster liquor and two tablespoons cream. Season with salt and cayenne.
4

%
jsFW. • aim
Ann Rutherford’s town dress is of crinkly grey crepe, accented with brown and flesh pink. The one-piece dress, designed by Dolly Tree for the actress, has wide bands of pink and brown velvet tying at the waist with a pink jabot of mouselline de soie at the neckline. Her felt tricorn ties under her curls with match-j ing velvet bands which end in bows j of pink and brown as crown trim. Suede gloves in pink with brown open heel and toe pumps complete the ensemble.

mm
m


The Dionne quints already have served notice-that they intend to be “career girls.”
Every day the five sisters, now in their sixth year have a workout on five specially constructed typewriters given them by Jam33 Rand United States industrialist.
Write Letters To Parents
The typewriters have a keyboard for French, complete with accents, and iu addition have signs for the multiplication, addition, subtraction and division.
The five youngsters are gaining daily in proficiency. They write letters to Papa and Mama Dionne, Dr. Allan Roy Dafoe, their physician-guardian, Judge J. A. Valin, member of the board of guardian* and others.
SI1.1 modeled them in turn — j first across the little stage slowly j her dark head held high turning first to the right, and then to left to smile over her shoulder; then down the turn of stairs and | among the table*, stopping from time to time to answer questions with snatches of patter site had ! picked up from the other girls:
“Yes. Madam, isn't it a nice little frock? I love wearing it." . . .
I wonder what Derek is doing now . . . “The price? Only 485 with tue
There's the wal-


und
phero'?"
Slowly the true absurdity of too situation was dawning upon Con stance. Now, at an almost imperceptible nod from the little man, a slinky red-haired girl with sultry dark lashes and a sulky mouth mounted the little stage in a vivid green evening gown with silver
and strolled graceful!) turning this way and that
Be A Pedestrian Of Some Caution
sequins
Everybody Ought to Obey The Ten Rules If They Would Stay Out of Accidents
bag. Madam
across
and then descended the short curve of stairway at the other end to make her leisurely way among . tables. At last Constance understood.
x
m
READERS. WRITE IN!
Miss Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is phased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and is even ready to listen »o your “pet peeves." Requests for recipes or special menus are in order. Address your letters to * Miss Sadio B. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto.”
:S :
ter who served us the last time I •came here with Derek

Why,
>i-s. Madam. Now that you suggest It, I do
1
/
For pedestrians certain rules have been developed which everyone ought to obey:
1.	The safe walker does not step out carelessly from behind parked cars or obstructions.
2.	He docs not try to weave hia I way through traffic.
3.	He crosses street's at right angles.
4 lie uses care in getting on and oft vehicles in traffic.
5. He looks left and right when crossing a street.
6 He obeys traffic signals.
7.	He holds his conferences on sidewalks, not iti the middle of the streets.
8.	Children do not play in or on
tho streets.
3. The pedestrian walks toward traffic, not with It. on open highways.
10. He uses particular p.wcau-turns when walking at uigbt.
k black pumps with buckles would be quite as smart with ihis frock as the silver sand-
IWfk would loxe this
y
i
\
rtST
•Tin fiftxiid." she 'egan. suppres sing a giggle.
•‘Do no* worry patted her “When I saw you come in. ! said to myself, ‘That one what II takes’ . . . Hut I tell you what: since you have not rehearsed with us, follow (Jenrude among
yio table» for a while — the tall blond one there In the tailleur with silver fox. Sho is an old hand. Just watch what she do“S. and you can... Always remember jusr eu m.-h, but no* too much. Xever, never lot .he muscles of the face freeze 1er we shall try you on tho stag
Constance began . .
DEAFENED
i

al?

MAH. COUPON !0DAY
frock.
Hu* Derek x\as in California by lids time settling down to the business of getting acquainted with Hlldogarde Thorvaid.
Once Constance noticed that the man with the quizzical brown eyes was watching her as if something were puzzling bin
Sho was modeling
Fhe little min
« m reassuringly.

1-he *ew ACOUS1 l< ON pnCdr# c*f*r fSoidm nesting. PfC'C it to :»u:
. . . rio ob' gv/oR
1

4
sho has
sttf .
f# «armait ut night. Relief uith» morning. i hat's the worbl - add# reputation ef M’-ntholatum in relieving head cold# and naeal calurih. Get a 30c jar or tube today. Menthol*turn helps fight « olds. It quickly penetrate* Inf
•tufty heed and note and ptomotss fr healthy bree‘bhx* a. ta: a.
Buy t r at your druggist today—G uai sate ed to bring relief or money back.
^ \ddre: s ccunn to A« vuet
toon I •#( *i». *r at
non:tat city.
tno
Ultoheocr l.osdon —
Ivroslo —
tMoiUar —
To Make Knitted Gloves Fit Better
> 0 U »
- k: b*«ng S 142 vtvtvrij St. b CM IClmvrnod avc
3tV UiV .<t.
- # K
hi.
:
! •
deem
lie black
¦ in order to make hand-knitted ; gloves and mittens fit well at the
( xvrijt the following method is
•	worth *ryii.g. After knitting the welt, charge on to needles two
•	size? finer and knit one or two ' inches before oeginning 10 in- !
‘ i xr,*e for the rhumb. In tliL wny I
s obtained !
1 -to number of i

et lî; Jy
¦ot go wrong to smile —
>
AC4>V*â KON IXSI irt iM
' rea«i f >n ,v uz
NERVOUS BESTLESS
W0MEN:^^H
f'f«>rmnuf.n
no i. Vl’iZu-
MENTHOLATUM

Lll
on
Lydia K. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound helps calm nerves clue to female functional liistrev*. Made especially for Try ill
6,vc* CO*1FORI Datty
N Jtn*
Hut
.
>?c-fitUng v ri
This was preposterous oni,. com curtly. "W
A-.HtVCfll
ISSUE NO. 1—'40
A
J
!
w
al
)J
I i'U
roH M
i
lit*
V > 111 II'M li H
B
#"0
kJ





###PAGE###4###


I

lidlttlXl/l/l*1
IC09D3J

I consist only of the subjects in the prescribed course of study, or its equivalent
«.f the grade concerned.
5 This Board reserves the right to withdraw the above stated scholarship
without notice	,	,
scholarship has been granted said award dull be effective for the school year in which it has been granted.
The following bills were presented for
s
HOGGINS
GARAGE
THE EQUITY
SHAWVILLE, JAN. 11,1940
V
Not Only Flour
K
X
When, however, a
x
\
Thousands Enlist for War Service
X
x
article of quality is always
tM

N
but any
judged by its worth rather than by its
That is why we suggest that


8
\
«
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
X
X
Chevrolet,
X
k
\
X
a
price.
the next time you bake, you use
x
t
X
x
Country.
Specialists, cooks, clerks and typists utters, expert machinists and mechanics | approval
were picked from the lines by officers, Moyer School Supplies, globes,
a ho explained that, such men are need- maps, etc................
<d at once.	.	Royce Prendergast, removing ice
The recuting is limited and is to and stove jackets ...................
provide reserves for the First Division Chas. Ogilvy Ltd., stools......
>f the Canadian Active Service Force Motion by Comr Hobbs, that these which has reached Great Britain.	bills be paid.—Carried.
Motion by Comr Walsh, that the Secretary order a desk No. 2t for the Household Science Room in the Shaw-ville High School.—Carried.
Motion by Comr. Nurse to adjourn--Carried.
x
Sales
k
X
k
X
x
X
\

Golden West Flour
$2.35 Per 98 lb. Bag
#83 40
V
X
k
\
s
25 45 23 75
x
S
X
Now is the Time for
Your Car Inspection
k
k
k
k
k

k
Past Year Considered Prosperous
If, after a fair trial, you are not satisfied with this flour, return the unused portion of the bag and we will replace it with a bag of Ivory, Harvest Queen, Keynote, Three Stars or any other flour of similar quality.
k
S
k
k
Measured by records for the first 11 months, the year just ended was one if the most prosperous in Canadas history, the Dominion Bureau of Statistics <iid Saturday in a review of business
The outbreak of war in September Oriental ‘Archer’ Fish
h Skilled Marksman
lie early part of 1920.	give naval gunners a lesson or two
Canadian industry was favored not when it comes to marksmanship.
lewsprint, foodftuff and steel industries : in g branches with bullets of water, tvere given an impetus by the shift to Even cigarettes have been extin-.v.ir economy. The exchange situation guished by these marine sharpshooters beneficial to a number of industries, ers, according to Hugh M. Smith, iicluding gold mining and forestry, former Fisheries adviser to the mrketin*' the main part of their pro- Kingdom of Siam. During his stay Met in the United States.	in the East Mr. Smith studied these
fish in the Philippines, French IndoChina, Siam, Malaya, Burma and
k
Have You had that Heater installed in your Car yet ? If not, do so and drive in comfort.
k
X
J. A Dean,
Sec. Trcns
x
X
now,
X
X
Why not have your car overhauled
so that you can drive in safety this winter, no matter what the temperature goes to.
!
now
i
\
»
\
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REDO

' h
8
?
Drive in today
kj
8
NOTICE
South Onslow Council
y
K
late John
Regarding Estate of Iho Wesley Horner in hi» lifetime < f the Township of Clarendon, in the V( 'inly of Pontiac, Farmer.
All persons having claim* against tnc Above Estate are requested to file the wiili the undersign *d within fifteen days from this dal

I IOlKi IINH
Jan iî. Î01
J. I
o
à •

a
A u gul.tr meeting of the Municipal Council of South Onslow held on above date at the usual place of meeting Members present, Ambrose Kcnn dy mayor, and Councillors Claike, \\ est-brovk. Fraser, Muldoon and Young On motion of Crs. \oung braver, the f last meeting were confirmed
Canada May Vote in June

W
* AiT $ India
¦¦ mm
icaltb to post ofhce.	vide #0lKi
The Australian Govern in out who ;	...	. .	-
-bnffl-d nut long ago, when the mini*- "A fr:er.d ot mine a distinguished
or who was here for the air talks, J. V. suer, ot the roya family of S am ••airbairn, became Minister for Air. and and an ardent student of fishes, had
•tttirr sr ie..!
pean guests with shooting-fis formancos. A veranda on which he took many of his meals was directly over the water, and under it Toxotes could be found almost daily, attracted by scraps of fish, meat, chicken and prawn which were regularly 1 thrown from the table.
a
K
8
§ *hone 64-J.
s un
(»
LEONARD KORNF.K
Shawv ill:*. Q'iv


nun mes as read.
The Vv'im
Clarke, approved Sec. Tie,as having paid 1 errer.ee Mulu-gan the sum of $•’»".H(» l-y cheque- No. 287 as per orders of the Compensation
Board -Carried.
On motion of ( that St
à
&
i
8
Young* the Mayor ar 1
y nIi, totO
\
n motion ot i r
lu
DALE’S TINSHOP
i
i

Interstellar Collisions
Cause Atom ‘Sho .vers
9
a
a
i
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
p)
!
i
Wert brook, -, be paid
1
.-1 Noire! p.i/e vv;nr the collision ci in tv i “bullets ' ar.d v. or.dt
the outer atm \ showering the eai th electrically charged t as mc?otr
Some
ra*t
rs
" .c, Marie & Ste. Maru 70 for disbursements and half cost McMullen v- South Onslow.
s in
Tin and Agateware
i
@227 of fee** r Carried.
Motion by Ci . .	.	.
this Cornell ir ak • er quittes about the purchase of a snow plow — Carried On motion of (Vs Muldoon• durât*, the following l ills were ordered paid
II. Cochrane, road list ......
Austin Clarke, travelling......
J. Claike, gravel..............
W. J Fleming, board of Council On motion of (V Muldoon the ( < un cil adjourned.
If
i
that
Clarke-Muldoon
vn
suitment uf Kitchen l lentils
V i* iam a hup* a?
in all the* fasliicnahle colour combinations
cd
t: C
in
because they arc main 1 weight between an elec tron a l 80 nucleus of an atc-m, disir.tegr, C» 00
the
t I‘ tils for every purpose, mandai turc or factory made, all at
be
Also ;t larpo 4oux « t our î'Wî
fore they reach the ground, but nth have been recorded in several hundred feet deep
C 00
n e s
ers
7 00
u
t
very n ra
d
A report or. formation of t dlcwcight particles was made at a meeting of the American Philosophical society by Dr. Arthur H. Compton, University of Chicago physicist.
Tests have shown, Dr. Compton said, that formation of the ne ceases with altitude, almost r.oncxisti
.
!,»S. A bTKKM
Sec T re as
Hides Wanted
Highest market prices paid for all kinds of hides

vile of Mr. Speaker Casgrain, might go ;o the Senate has interested women .particularly. She would be the first French Canadian women to become a number of the Upper House.
E
per

L<
Minutes of Council Ons
low North
eso
Pro-
trons
at
duction is
elevations below 14,000 fee!
iSISül
and Martineau.	j at 25 OOC feet.
The perscribed time lining e./tpsed f 1 ^ cnergy Juliets whose col: sion
ar.d not any quorum.	•	with atoms produce the mesetr
Motion by Crs. Mai tir.eau Arraitage. Qre cosmic rays, or. the nature that this meeting adjourn until ret w^ch physicists still arc divided ,r.if, or.e o’clock m the afternoon. !	^ wh&, (lCCurs whcn thc meso-
Asur.Kw I’aurem . J trons disintegrate has not been de-
Svr- lrea> i tcrmir.ed. but D:. Compton believes
1 that they divide into ordinary elec! irons and neutrinos, the latter being . described as lightweight neutr
LESLIE DALE
With
Jail. l\ 1 !> *
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
Quebec
Shawville.
sammsi^ja
9j
j'ij
Cla,eudonS.inS^meril the Yale University Started
,.oovc date. Present Chairman Hodgins.1	By Harvard Graduates
and Commissioners Nurse. W.-xlsli. and The first movement leading to the
Hobbs.	j establishment of what is now Yale
Minutes of last meeting «cud and university was a meeting of 1C min looted on motion of Comr. Hobbs
Motion
i
r ns
KSrABLlSHttD ldttJ
is tors at Branford, Conn. Nine ot by Comr. Nurse Lh.it the ; these ministers were graduates of following Scholarships be awarded Harvard and therefore it may be under the jurisdiction of the Clarendon j saj(j xv;th some truth that Yale was
Board.	founded by Harvard me	,
l v—The student of any i ural .school contributed 4o volumes for the liquider the jurisdivtimi of this hoard who iJiarx 0f the proposed college An ceives the highest aggregate marks of acl 0f jnC( ri oration-creating a body II the contesting students writing the 0f trustees was passed by the Ccn-t xamination, from all the rural schools, i ,u.vtivut legislature ii for entrance to high school shall be college was origine granted a scholarship which shall be arid removed to New Haver, later equal in value to the ft es required to be ^ v as noj L]\ prst x ailed Volt paid by said student in Grade 8. The j said scholarship, however, shall only he granted upon promotion of said student Yale, a childX and if his or her studies are continued whi $e father in Grade 8 in the Shawville High j original settle School. The said scholarship shall ; Cotton Matt e •only become operative for the yeni which it is granted.
I h—The above scholarship thall also
in the
;
COACH
I NVALID
:
Brain Power Is Dimmed
After 65 Sleepless Hours
Loss of a mere two or three sleep shouldn’t dim brain
P3
They
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Bird*» Superior Flyer*»
Aviation experts readily that aviation has outstripped the birds in only one respect—speed Since the earliest days of man’s varsity of Southern California scicrt- Hying he has attained far greater tists who kept three students awake j specd in the air than even the fast-for 65 hours in an experiment. At ! est 0f birds Birds seem to know the end of 65 sleepless hours the i more about winds than man. They students did mental work almost as j whj not fly into a head wind for any well as at first, except for lapses , great distance, but wait for a tail in their powers to concentrate. In | wjn(j before starting a migration, these intervals their minds “went How they know when to start has blank" and they could not solve j not been learned, but they seem even simple arithmetical problems, j ablc to time their long flights to says the United Press.	;	coincide with the prevailing winds.
From 5:30 a. m. Friday until 10:30 ; \ bird can change his angle of inci-Sunday the students had no ; dence—and an airplane has the Dr. Neil Warren and Dr. j angle cf incidence built into it. A
Direct 3rs :f Funeral Service
i
i dniit
nights
power—that is, if a person can concentrate.	.
This was the discovery of two uni-
!
1701. The tt Savbrook
Shawville, Que.
hat
Phone 30
a me being given to it of a donation mat
in reccgnt-e by Elihu
Lor.du: merchant,
! been ore cf treat New Haven.
101
a Harvard man, in 1 and one vf the most fame as of all the Puritans, may l e said to have named Yak-
Beattie’s Eye Service
he
A letter whi
apply to students of Grade 7 .Shawville School. It shall he consider ?*d as a scholarship from that awarded the student of the rural sc hools.
2—	In Grades'8, 9 and 10 the student
receiving ninety per vent, or more upon die year’s work, shall receive a scholar ; you such et «bip equal in value to the fees required .	__
to be paid by said student in the advanced grade», Raid scholarship, how ever, shall only laconic operative upon
promotion and continued studies in the , enemy of farmers next advanced grade in the Shawville t really not ns viha High Hchoo).	1 as most people thin*
3—	In the eve a of two or more ' u report from the National Wildlife students receiving ccpial marks as stated ' t odoration. In a repent i.ivestiga-in I A and I # and in the event of two tion on the coyote’s diet
students receiving ninety per grasshoppers, beetles. grub*. ang’.e-
CT-tr.s, blueberries, apples, roots r.d herbs were found to be the hic-f items on his menu. Occasion
n part
wrote to F lirai Yale s “If what is forming at New Haven might bear the name cf Yale college it would be better than a name of sons and daughters And your munificence n igkt easily obtain for
p. rn sleep
Brant Clark with 12 assistants bird can also change his wing area worked shifts keeping them awake \n flight, which is something man d smoothing out frequent quarrels has been unable ^ do in a ntare. that flared as the students grew ,
sleepy and irritable.	I
Every 10 hours the students were . put through a test of solving more i
than
and identifying more than 300 colors flashed before their eyes.
Their accuracy changed little despite the loss of sleep trrgly they struck “ when they looked at the problem 7 minus 4, and took serre
me before answering "three.’’
These lapses occurred 9 2 per cc
at the start and scared

to
l successful Optical 1‘ractict
Bkaïtik’s Evt
Thirty-live years should guide yi-ur footsteps t
Gladstone :;;d Bronson, Ottawa. .
%
\
ar.
> r r v \ t
If you want to see as you should see you will see
Beattie s Lye Service
cor
Strongest Soldier Peter Francisco, known as “the 100 mathematical problems strongest scidier of the Revolution-
a resident of Virginia, born in Portugal. A granite memorial on the Guilford Battleground at Greensboro, N. C , commemorates his prowess. During the battle, Peter killed 11 British soldiers with his broadsword, and although wounded escaped to do other feats of strength. At another time during the War for Independence, Peter is credited with shouldering an 1,160-pound gun and marching off with it. Once he was not content merely to throw a man over a fence, but also threw t man’s horse over after hi
Coyote Katuig Habit?»
rite coyote, usually considered an
ir.d wildlife ou- an animal according to
i
ary war, was L
i
I
. But mcreas-blank" lapses
Scientific Eye Examinatiors -----A e
Socialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eya Defects
i
mice
or mon
cent or over as stated in 2 the following •e«t shall decide the successful student :
An essay «hall be written by the surcess-t'ul students, the topic and length of ally the coyote may dine of! the
which shall be decided hy the principal arcass of animals k ’led by some
Although many

ci
C3>
r f
toe tin e 23.5 per cent at the end ot cO ir^vithout sleep. Then, to t’r er.vsts* surprise, at ti e end cf 6
when the stu
of the High School. fly the end of ther agency three months the essay «hull be handed *.hecp and deer kill- ore attnouted to the principal and the students uf the *o coyotes, these deatrs are just as various grades reedsing th*; highest kcly to be due to stray dogs, j3>s marks for the Raid c*sa) shill be award- , Herbert Ler.un, a trapper, instrue -edthe«hokr.i l	Iter, with years of experience cth
1—The total aggregate ui&rkd »h*U these animals

KATHLEEN M ROLUN3
Rrofe ssions I Optometrist
T T BEATTIE Professions! OptometH»
I
without sleep
should bave fcr;en weariest,
>
i
curs lents their
per cent.
<
ntle
no coed ba^k to 17 5
re>


###PAGE###5###
Service Announcement

The Equity
PRINTING
Shawvili.k United Uhur'1 n A F. Forks B A , B.D. Pastor
»
Stock Taking Specials
Dry Goods Department
3
Re
<
3
Established IN»3
pm.isurd rvrcnv TiiunsoAT at SÎIAWVILLE. QUEBEC
4
Sunday, January 1 *
.—Service at Shawvill Service at Zion
4
i
4
11 00 a m

1.30 p.m
3 00 p.m —Service at Stark’s Corners
Service at SInwvilli*.
annual subscription
* i r,o
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside
firms.
Let us do your :
*0 p.m
Anywhere in Can ml a To United Staten.
2.00
from 25 cts. to SI.25
$1.49
Bristol United Cuvrtni
C. Ahmstron-v-Salk-s, B, I) Sunday, January H
Mens Scarves
Hk
All arrears must l<e paid In full before any paper U discontinued
Men’s Tie and Scarf Sets, good quality
Men’s Tie and Handkerchiefs Sets 35 to 90 cts
25 cts.
39 “
$1.00
$1.75
St. Andre» » Sunday School 10.00 a. m St. Andrews, Service
Service
Service
W. 0. COWAN. PUBLISHER
11.00 a. m.
2.30	p m.
7.30	p. m
Knox
Childrens Woollen Gloves.......
Women s Woollen Gloves ..........
Boy’s Flannellette Pyjamas ......
Mens Heavy Flannellette Pyjamas
Women’s Silk and Wool Hose
Men’s Neckties.............
Only a few odd Mens’ and Boys heavy caps
left at greatly reduced prices
Austin
Cabinet Makers’ Work , From Cradle to Coffin
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements Posters Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
ANGLICAN St. Pavi/h
Sunday. January 14
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m -Morning Prayer 7 30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
i.00 p.rn. - Evening Prayer
St. Lu kb’* Service Withdrawn
The scope covered by the work of Chester county, Pa., cabinet makers was literally from the cradle to the coffin. The daybooks are filled with orders for these two articles, which with that other symbol of man’s recumbency, the bed, seems to have the most popular furniture of . in between, of course, the various articles which a used and from which he drew
I
f
35 to 49 Cts
een

the day
25 to 49 44
J
were man
a large measure of comfort during his earthly existence, writes David Stock we 11 in “American Collector." There were chairs, tables for dining and other purposes, chests of drawers for storing his clothes, desks for his accounts and letters, tall clocks to measure the passing of time, and sundry items that filled the homo of the Eighteenth and early Nineteenth centuries. — these were .made, and made well, by the cabinet makers of Chester coun-
>
Parish or North Cmuenhon Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge
Sunday, January 14 Thorne Centre, Morning Prayer, 10.:*# Greermount
Charteria,
$2.75
Men's Heavy Tweed Pants .........
Misses Wool Caps.................
Women’s Fancy Woollen Sweaters
Men's Heavy Woollen Sweater Coats
2.30
Evening I'rayer Evening Prayer
00
25 cts
THE EQUITY
PHONE. 75
All
$1.49
10 Per Cent of Humanity Adhere to Moslem Faith
‘Roughly, 250,000.000 people—or than one out of every ten in-
$2.75
tv
According to the records, hew-it was late in the Eighteenth
ever,	,	,
century before any craftsman oi
this section actually styled himself
Hie reason is not
more
habitants of the earth—is an at.her* ent of the faith of Allah and his prophet Mahomet,” says the Na tional Geographic societ though most of these Moslems live in Asia and Africa, the United States," including th< counts nearly 600,000 of thorn
Lively Death Valley
. 1C» feet long, three quarter cf these to Contrary to general opinion, Death ; ^ 8x8. Tenders to be in the hands of valley has a large variety of wild the Secretary not later than January life, but it is mostly of the nocturnal 30th, 1040,—Carried.
very elusive type and seldom j Motion by Crs Macfarlane-Whelen, seen by tourists. Lizards and that the Mayor be donated $r*0.00 to horned toads abound, the chuck a- defray the expense^ of his office during ¦	xvalla, gecko and gridiron-tailed liz- the past year.—Carried. *•
K tral and South America c^n'ru uîe ar(js scoot under cover at the ap* Motion by Crs Hanna-XVhclen, that fei a total of around 200.000. The Ba; j proach of man. At twilight, coyotes, the owners of gmvel pits must open the ' kans add another 3,0uu,	^it foxe3 and rats of all sizes and plts and keep them in shape for the
j Soviet Russia's latest avaihm.c hg- shapes move quietly t:.rough the madforeroen if they wish to sell gravel ! are was set at more than 15/" 0,UV«) rnesquite and cactus.	t> this Council.—Carried.
“In the 13 centurie-.-m	• Arab	_________________ Motion by Crs Macfarlane-Whelen,
reformer, Mahomet, first attempted	f	that the following hills be accepted and
to teach his doctrines to the citizens French Changed City s ."Name piid .
cf Medina and Mecca, the followers The city now known as Colon was pe(|iar People, snow fence and
cf Islam have multiplied tr take in founded in 1850 and was first catled posts ...........................
Turks. Iranians, Hindoos. Malays, t\s pin wall in honor of William H. provincial Blank Forms, coilec-
Negroes and Chinese.	Aspinwall, ore of the builders of the tion roll ...................
•‘Outlined without a break is Is- Panama railroad. In 1881 the French It was decided that a statement of lam’s greatest concentration, which officially adopted the name of Colon ^ revenue derived from the dog tax Markets all of north and much of when they started the construction anci the expenses incurred thereby dur /entrai Africa and stretches down of an interocennic canal, ror a ing year, 1930, be published as follows : t-e east	coasf of that continent	to	be-	time it was commonly called Asp in-	Arthur Horner,	3 sheep	1	lamb	|17	32
o'w Zanzibar-	Crossing	into	Asia,	wall-Colon, but in 18W Colombia di-	R^ySly, 3 lambs	16	00
[slam reaches deep into the heart of reeled the return ol all correspond- Everett Laughrcn, 1 sheep 1 lamb 8 00 the Soviet Union. Scattering land- ence not marked Co .on.	Lennon Thomas,, G lambs
islands of believers' to the west J ------------------------~	“	Benj. Hines
r Balkan Europe, Mahometanism Clarendon Council , Garrett Walsh, 1 lamb
/weeps on its eastward course	------;	Iloy Dagg, 2 sheep and 3 lamb? 17 00
through all of Turkey, the Near	Jan. 2, 10 tO Teason McCagg, 2 lambs...........	8 00
East. Arabia, Iran northwest India	Tlu. clarendon Council] met onf.the	Newton Lewis, Jt sheep, l lamb	10	00
and western China. It dots the open	above date. Present, Mayor Barr, and	Wm. Brownlee, 7 sheep, G lambs	aJ	3.
sea in islands off the coast of India	Councillor» fSmart, Hanna, Whelcn and	T. Bean, 10 sheep and 7 Iambs	80	00
and is especially strong in Nether-	| \iacfari;Xne forming a quorum.	Hoy Micfarlane, 4 lambs... ..	IG	OC
Minutes of last meeting were read and	Harold Luthbertson, 18 lamb*	« 2	00
adopted on motion of Crs Macfarlane-	Harry Wallace,	l lamb. •••••*	*
W helen.—Carried. I—%WT3 «Z3	Lloyd Horner,	3 sheep,	l	lamb	44	00
Automatic Gas Pump	I Councillor Judd ent. r-d and took his David Angus, 1 sheep.......... 4 00
A remote control fuel pump patent svat at the Board.	Wilfred Bean, l lamb
which would make the gasoline serv- Motion hy ;Crs PH.ir.na MacfarUne, Earl Futford, 2 sheep, 3 lambs 18 6»
ice station of the future approach I that this Council prohibit the ploughing Lennis Burr, 1 Iamb . .....
the present-day auto-mat. has uf anv roads in this Municipality, except Alfred Elliott, 2 Keg sheep . been granted to J. E. Head ot Eido- for purpose of drawing gravel, with V ablating as reported to date rado, Ark. All the machinery for I |)U^ the permission of the Council— supplying gasoline is controlled I (/arried
from a central cashier s booth, you Motion by Crs Judd Hanna, that drive up to vacant pump and stick Mayor Barr preside at the nomination the hose nozzle in the tank o* your ^ (jc,imcjjjors on January 10th, and car. Then you walk over to the k|so at the election on January^!0th if cashier and pay him for tne amount j ncccss%rj-—Curried, of gasoline you wish. While you Mouon by Crs. Judd-Smart, that this walking back he sets your pump |(.(Mircj| advertise for lr> M. feet good the paid amount of gasoline and the pump automatically measures it out You merely open the valve in the nose nozzle and let the gasoline drain into your tank.
«
t
abinet maker
to seek if one remembers that Chester county had no large centers of population at the time
courthouse in Goshen and the town of West Chcs-
xvas not only unincorporated, but
onsisted of a little group of houses
Turk’s
Boot and Shoe Department
€
lar
A
«
or
$2.50 a
$2.50 to $5.50 à
D, Click's Special Shoe for Women
Mens' Oxfords, to clear at........
A few odd lines of Womens Oxfords and Straps to clear at..................................
t
There wea no
%
Philippines C’en
1er
at a crossroads known a Head. Through the hills and hollows of the county, every township,
hamlet or tiny cluster <>f houses had
These
$1.49
1 artisans cobbler, a tailor, a
its own group
potter, a -, a whitesmith, and possibly, if the timers wore prt sperm is enough, a ilvcrsrr.ith and a cabinet maker.
ere a
heelwright, a joy no i blacksmith,' i
French Changed City’s Name
The city now known as Colon was founded in 1850 and was first called As pin wall in honor of William H. As pin wall, ore of the builders of the Panama railroad. In 1881 the French officially adopted the name of Colon when they started the construction of an interocennic canal, time it was commonly called Aspin-wall-Colon, but in 1890 Colombia directed the return of all correspond-not marked “Colon."
Furniture Department
$.25 37
0 05
55.95 $6.50 up $6.50 up $67.50 up
Good Serviceable Mattress. 34. 46. 54 inches
Simmons Beds, from Simmons Mattresses Chesterfield Suites
Park Official Compiles
4 Data or. Giant Sequoias
Although the Big Trees or giant Sequoias of the Sierra Nevada have Seen pictured throughout the ci\ i-lized world, there arc many interesting facts about these aged trees with which most people arc unfamiliar. Accordingly, C. A. Harwell, ^?sc, mite park natural.st, has compiled list of “little known facts about he Big Trees,” three groves of vhich arc contained within the boundaries of Yosomite National
26 34
2 lambs
8 00
Clarendon Council
Jun. 2. 1910
4 00
Grocery Specials
49c
White Swan Wheat Flakes, 5 lbs. bags. 2 tor
Walkers Sodas. 2 lbs. for
Mincemeat, 2 lbs. for
Big Fruit Jar of Mustard ......
Now is the time to get your Scratch Middlings. Moulee. Laying?Mash, Hog Grower. Liverpool Course Salt. Iodized
Salt. etc.
lards Indies
ark
tacts includes the fol-in form «a lion: The Big frees
23c
His list ot
wing i—
—have a most astonishing resist
ice to fire.
25c
4 66
practically immune from in
25c
—arc sect attacks
6 00
20 00 8 60
practically immune from tie
—arc structive fungi —may prodi each in o year
Feed Wheat
1,000,000 seeds
Total expense to'date....
Total number of dogs as shown by the collection roll ....
Amount of tax collected to date $360 00
Motion by Crs. Smart-Hanna .to aljouro. Carried
$445 80
first seen by white men in
—were
l&M—by the Joseph Walker party within the present Yusemite National park
—may weigh a
tons each.
The root section of a Big Tree may spread over an area of between two and three acres. The greatest diameter measurement of a Big Tree is 40 3 feet: the tallest i feet high. There arc around 70 groves of Big Trees in the world— all of them in California west slope of" the Sierra, lien .«1 t,tuile range is from 3,000 to 8.4vt It is thought that glaciers eparation of these Big t he Big Tree.*
!n honor of St p Indian who
390
much as 6,000
John A. Dean,
SvcTrca
are
and Cedar 6x6 and 8x8 to be 12 and
tor
310
Mac Lean's
the
on
. No Kilts in Naples
A Scottish Highlander was banned of his kilt from the streets
the Orient liner
Successor to G. F. Hodgins Go, Limited

RED & WHITE STORE
because
of Naples, whez Orion called with a party of Cam-Highlanders homeward bound from Egypt. He strolled into the center of the city, when a crowd, having never seer, a kilt before, held up traffic debating loudly whether the foreigner was a man or a worn
police intervened and decreed
r in the
o the ship
cct
s
mined the
re
Tree grove.*, named Sequoia yah, a Chcrokc
pleted n
1821. His statue may the National Cauitul in WnshmgU
tnrirywf ****
Turpentine Cup Best
One of the principal problems of the naval stores industry is the fail* of the turpentine cups to last more than one year without rusting and the presence of rust brings about a discoloration of the. rosir., which is highly detrimental to the product. To overcome this trouble the bureau of chemistry of the department of agriculture has been ex* perimentir.g for some time in an endeavor to find a suitable coating to guard the cups against rusting for longer periods. A number of materials have been worked cut, but al have proven too expensive for prac
tical purposes.
eron

The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
Jphabct for his pci
be sc

Warn pole's Extract j Cod Liver Oil
Apples, No. 1 Spys, per barrel $4 50 g
No. 1 Starks, “
Sugar, raw old fashioned, per lb. * 7c Prunes, large size, 2 lbs. for Figs, fresh, 2 lbs. for . \
Crown Syrup, 10 lb. pail Crown Syrup, 5 lb. pail Ivory Flour, 24 lb. bag Herrings Salt, per dozen White Beans, 5 lbs. for Ful-O-Pep Laying Mash Oyster Shell, per bag
urc
an
that he could not appca street, and must return t
t
400
u
4
;

Roÿ 6. Fraser
Gifts, Novelties
*
bv tax

Flowers
RENFREW, ONT
Box 886 Phone 160
Huge Sea Bean
tear., so large that
25c
1 he all year round tonic for both children and adults. Tones up the whole system generally, and good tasting too.
x huge sea
it might have come from the bean stalk c? Jack the Giant Killer’s gv nr.t is exhibited at Chicago s Fie.cl
This type of bean, which cf four feet, is the
25c

75c
museum ¦
grows tc a ler.gi	.	.
fruit of a large weedy climber, and is native to many tropical regions. Its seeds are often transported by
the G
Dietipctive Flower Styling that’s our business. We in
40c
75c n
On
tream
vite your patronage orders of $1.00 or over, phone
On orden of
Italy Educates Nomads
The efforts made by the lui.ar: government to abolish nomad life in the Libyan colony and to transform the wandering tribes into agricv.ltur alists is beginning to bear fruit. Evi-cf this is afforded by the in imber.cf children belong
40c
Exchange Privilege
v* (.6 American shoppers of the privilege of re large department c eck of? one day*»
y eight tc returns and The Twentieth Century vi ndticted a study ot found that the raLii-
mallet
us collect $r>.00 or over phene ns collect
and vfe shall prepay.
B
27c
cr.sn.e
THE CORNER STORE
C\

u
dor.ee
$2.75
lore
creasing n ire to tribes v.ho attend the Ital.ar
schools at the oasis of Hamada e!
The nomdd children will tha oasis during the
Estate Mrs, M. C. Howard
no
Main and Centre Sts
SHAWVILLE
Horn bra
remain at	... .	.	,	,
school term and will be housed.
•lothed and fed by the Italian gov { ernment.	*
u
Phene anytime between 7am ! and II pm
Fret
QUE
® - s
e
4






###PAGE###6###


V
As he stepped oft
Temple, Tex the curb to cross the street, » ear whizzed by and brushed him oil.
He didn't
Stalwarts of Canada’s First Division Land In England
VOICE
of tine
PRESS
NEWS

;
*¦ ?
Miska. took inventory, suffer a scratch, hut there he was standing in his long underwear. The ear had ripped his pants ott. r.S. The driver provided a new pair and all was well.
i



i
i
Z
F
PARADE

>
<

i
V*

\
c
i
t
• -
‘
Wars used to be comparatively simple affairs in the old days when two countries got mad at each oth-» er. went to war with tangible weapons. fought on actual fields of baille. in those days you could fell which side had won which engagement, and w ho was likely to come out on top in the end. But In the twentieth century, with the introduction of the economic battleground and high-powered propaganda weapons, warfare has become a thing of infinite complexity, fought with ideas, threats, diplomatic coups — and few can understand and interpret the course it takes. Small wonder then, that, as the second Great. War came to the close of its fourth month, nobody . knew which side — Germany or the Allies — was winning.
Naval Objectives To many, however, it seemed during the sixteenth week that ' Germany was losing out on the sea.
. The scuttling of the Columbus and the Graf Spee, the sinking of a large number of submarines, undoubtedly weakened Germany as a sea power. But let us look at the situation in the light of the belligerents’ naval objectives: The Allies are working for the complete domination of the seas, cutting off all traffic by sea, to and from Ger-; many — an ambitious undertaking;
; Germany's naval objective — the crippling of the British mercantile marine and the intimidation of neutral ships to the end that sup-lies reaching Great Britain by sea may be seriously curtailed more modest, but its attainment would be no less damaging to the Allies than attainment of the Allied objective would be to Germany, because of the greater dependence of the British Isles on seaborne traf-

New Radium Mine In Ontario Is Rich
ÉSBÉ
i *
SECOND-HAND BUREAUS
With all these bureau» behÿ pa-tahlished at Ottawa <t looks w if the Government will have a second-hand furniture on its hand» at the end of the war Gazette.

\
ft
a




»t of

Will Soon Be Producing In The Wilberforce Area
i
Mo a real

9

Canada m soon to have ano! limine. Definite inti-
I
i
i
WHAT THE TOURIST WANTS
Pleasant eating ami sk- .‘ping places, offering service at i « ncm-nhle rates, are ns inportunt n attracting tourists >untry and good roads ton Journal.
Æ
m
er producing mat ion that a mine in the W i 1 ber-
of Ontario, will soon
riche At
i
L

i
force area
be producing the world’s element was given in Toronto last week.
Construction of a building is completed and the balance of the crushing equipment is being installed with the least possible delay. The company has been informed that the separation unit, which employs chemical process down the ore and extracting the various metals and oxides in commercial form, is rapidly nearing completion.



1

tv* inter <ting
-K*Î7tO!l-

*
m
(¦«
100-ton •mill

I


«>
ELOQUENT TRAFFIC SIGN
Something new in road .signs which has a
one that is found in a pma: tario town. The sign reads: *'o!ow; No IloapitaJ.” Not a bad traffic sign at that.-Review.

reiss
deep Mignifieai.'v is
On-
<
I
<*
a

31
AM





v-.v.v»'
the electro-for breaking

*


* y-+‘7

¦
i ?


im
Fort frie T fies-
titâV
- ~a * - JSNk	6,	.	• -a
Arriving at an unnamed port in the British Isles, soldiers of Canada's first division are shown as they •tapped ashore. The ships that carried them slipped into their docks and the Canucks disembarked before news of their arrival was made public.


<p



RAISE MORE. SHEEP
When the Hon. P. M. I'D wan spoke recently in Brant for i he pointed out that farmers could make no mistake m raising more sheep. Now the < anadian wool administrator declares that Canada is 8,000,000 pounds short of wool to fill her requirements at the present time. The needs o: the war offer a fine opportunity to develop the sheep raising industry in Canada—Brantford Rxp. - tor.
Other Rare Elements
Laboratory tests and analyses on samples from the property it is reported reveal the presence of tantalum, beryllium, gold, tungsten, and some of the other rare elements, as well as uranium, the maternal ancestor of radium.
Army’s Biggest Feet Located In Montreal
Thinking Lags Behind Science
to destructive purposes in war or economic disturbances in times of
peace.'
Man Should Know Himself
Whatever hope there is for the future of civilization, he said, lies in knowledge, the scientific method of getting it, and particularly in biological science which will ultimately teach man to know himself.
A claim of having the soldier with the biggest feet in the Canadian army has passed from Toronto to Montreal.
The new record holder is Cpl. C. A. Mallette of the Canadian Dental Corps. He has been in the army nearly two months, and a uniform to fit him has yet to be found. He was especially measured for his boots—size 15. Sapper Robert Barnes of the Royal Canadian Engineers, at Toronto, took a mere 14^.
The Book Shelf
The
McGill Expert Urges
World to Catch Up With New Scientific Developments Hope for Civilization Lies In Knowledge
LAND BELOW THE WIND"
By Agne* Newton Keith
Agnes Keith is the American wife of an English official in one of the furthest outposts of the British Empire. The story of her life in that Far Country, Borneo, is told in her prize-winning autobiography, “Land Below the Wind.” She has lived in Sandakan, the capital, she has accompanied her husband on his expeditions deep into the jungle and far up the rivers. In this book she makes her readers enjoy the timeless days, the exotic nights of Borneo. We her house in the beauty of a tropical moonlight and also when it is drenched and leaking in a mot:soon. Wo see her compound with its Chinese cooks, its Mu rut home boys, and its assortment of monkeys and mongooses. We see what the jungle can do to breakdown the fortitude of a woman v.ho is both curious and courageous.
« s
is
V
I
our copy
GET

»!V
MICKIE SAYS

“One of the reasons for the troubles of the world today is that we are living in a scientific civilization and we don’t live or think scientifically in it,” Prof. C. Leonard Huskins, head of the department of genetics at McGill liniveisity, last week told a Monterai audience.
3

m
fic.
I
SHUCKS! TLV 5055 19 SETW THERE, LOOK IW AT A STACK OF SILLS FER PAPER, IklK, TV PE 'M EV'RNTHlMG^iF TH1 FOLKS WKOaVE WIKA WOULD PAV UP, HE
________r-xWOULPkff
HAFTA
VORRV
In the air, too, nothing conclusive had been proven up to the end of 1939. Air operations on both sides have been defensive; or used an aid jn obtaining naval objectives; or in reconnaissance.
How long would the war last? Highly-placed staff officers of the French army ventured a prediction that it would continue another 18 mouths, (the Germans, they said, must make some spectacular move, probably in the spring, to keep up the Nazi morale. “They will make
some
over*’). On the Western Front, perhaps, yes. But should the conflict become wider, assume new shape ami scope, who could guess when it inlghr end? .
m
Freak Accidents Cause Laughter
/
He urged that there should be general adoption of the
D
see
72
U. S. Safety Council Reports
Odd Cases
Each year the National Safety Council of the United States makes round-up of odd, but not fatal, accidents and publishes them in its magazine,
This year brought the usual bump-of freak accidents. Here
a more L scientific attitude and a wider appreciation of the value of pure science as a method of training, a of obtaining knowledge, and end to the development of balanced philosophy of life.
Pc :,*t
t
" (f
i
r
<
HERE’S HOW I

x
means as an
. #
a
• •
X
For your copy of "Whc'j. £ Who” which confotr i F çt Time Hockey Stofislic? end the careen of 1?l /A of its players, send 5t |(f with a 5-lb. Bee HUe* jvv Syrup label; or two 2-lb ¦ labels, or two Ivory ot P Durham Starch labels c d ¦ 5c Send requests to od Hj dress on the label wi$f, m vour name and eddrtn.
n s
c
“Public Safety.'*
a
blunder and the war will be
I
n
\
A
Implications Clear
/;
IV
er crop are some samples.
Joseph Fayder, Jersey City, N. J., scrubbed his teeth so enthusiastically one day that he swallowed hard in sheer exhaustion. Suddenly he discovered the tooth brush was missing. Hospital X-rays revealed the regulation-size brush reposing in his stomach.
An Embarrassing Experience
Then there was the / embarra.ss-
of Frank Miska,
Quoting Sir Richard Gregory, Professor Buskins said that "The that the sole function of
m
y-
'A
Nora Wa!n i l'am >us autnov ol “Reaching for the Stars,” “House ot Exile”) says Wind” is one of those happenings that make life worth while.'
“Land Below the Wind" .... by Agne* Newton Keith . ronto: McClelland and Stewart
S3 00.

view
science is the discovery and study of natural facts and principles without regard to the social implications of the knowledge gained, longer be maintained. It
“l and Below the

“On Christmas Day in the morning.” King George spoke to the Empire . . . Helsingfors was bombed again . . . Canadian troops woke up in hospitable British households . Prime Minister de Valera of Eire urged a peace conference now, instead of at the end of an exhausting war ... all leaves were cancelled from the Norwegian army . .. . Italians throughout Italy thronged churches giving thanks for peace in their own country . . . Pope Pius XI1 read a letter from President. Roosevelt, pledging his aid in early
. Stalin formally
.•on-
M
Bee Hive Syrup"
can no
is being widely recognized that science cannot be divorced from
rightly absolve itself
To-
ethics, or from the human responsibilities in the application of its discoveries

mg experience
By Fred! Neher
LIFE'S LIKE THAT
Finland’s Ski Warriors Await Call For Action In The Field


f

\

IF
z
peace moves . . thanked Hitler for birthday gratulatlons received. . . .
///




5e
X

Z
z
111 Ottawa, preparations were under way for the opening of the Parliamentary session, when a program of taxation to tin-Canada's war effort will be inloan will be


XT2
wtm
1L
i’5,
r
January
P

t

*
i

>:*•
4 X

ance

9

I

m
trodueed. A war launched, but in addition increased will have to come from a in the sales tax and in income
t

I
4
o

M
revenue


i
/«Vo

rise .
tax rates, from restoration of the old sugar tax, levying of "nuisance * and luxury taxes that were employ-
X
I /
o
fc-
hr v
k=

1
/
/
Î

A
:Ti
X
v
/
O o


/S

\
i*
ed in the last war.

0-5
*r :*
a*

\
z
O
/
« •* ••
»

i
Small Number
Actual Fliers

&
I
A
%
*•
U *r-
*
/
4
c
o
#s
o
I
o
I
(
a
«r -
35 >*.,
i
?

Many More Technicians Are
•V


jr
a
Necessary
B
o
?V

s-.
% . V
»
There's more to the l'lying game than pilots. This is being well illustrated as intensive training of men in the Royal Canadian Air Force swings into high gear. As a matter of fact, the number of actual airmen in the force is a definite minority.
The R. C. A. F., to put men in fighting 'planes, needs hundreds of skilled tradesmen. Just a few of the types thàt go w make up the force are aero engine mechanics,
ment artificers, clerks, cooks, dis-
electricians, fabric
>


v-
to Ivondon and radioed to New \ ork.
i
y/z '4 /
i
9-ie
(C»prr ¦*(. iwr. v» ri»<2 K«k«< »

“Good Morning, Am I Speaking to the Lady of th<

» M

By GENE BYRNES
i
REG’LAR FELLERS—Very International



OSHA'JWNEMY
0'5MAUi*4N6SSV
STONE cutters
—
9§
'XjJT Yfc	i EVER KNEW ?
• -
igr
lIV- '
I

MR
1
THE ANCIENT CCYPTIAWi 'J- ;
never wrote on paper.
AS WE DO/ THEY CARVED	1
THEIR WRITINGS ON	\ | -H/t
BRICK g AMD iTONU/ ) | M
ÿ'i


airframe mechanics, arma-
-V

I

ciplinarians, workers and tailors.
Many Never Off Ground
Many of these aircraftsmen have never been off the ground. Many of them never will be. Flying is the job of the pilot. I heir work is to make this job possible.
being drilled,
put into fine physical shape, given elementary training and then moved to air bases in other Ontario for instruction that will
XV
Ml
%
V &
\

V
# # :
\M
•
»
/
!
vuis ivvdi;u$
rixU 6Püï" ¦tfuifue Tui-: UOUVUOMl-' Dl£UteZk.Tt5b vue L-IU£V t-vuLte xtucAU

... 11.
/
g4

l
,
1
/

«
I
These men are


l
•%
r<

mb i
i
*

s
;
** V
r


centres
bring them to n high point of efficiency.
i
f j H I V M»f# A,	-
7-lo Î
> X'S.A

— - •

###PAGE###7###
m
Will Lead First Canadian Airmen Overseas
J
ft
an
>
.Modern Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE

O.

Have You Heaid

THE ROYAL BANK OF CANADA
m


E
General Statement, 30th Movember, 1930
LIABILITIES
* *
1.	What kinds of Christmas gifts should young men and girls exchange?
2.	When a man is dancing with
¦
M
WËŒfyzæ.
S 35.000 000 oo
Tue country correspondent of a WC known da rent fault
vy4 . which wthat he would ne .. to furnish all the names con-r, ed m Hm accounts cf local ergot to such a pitch

C apitaf Stock paid up.......................
Baîimce^profits’carried'forward as per Profit etsd Loss Account..............................
4 20,000.000.00
3,096,252.2!
* 23,096.252 21 lb,674.29
700.000.0o
a ggl who is wearing a backless gown, where should he place hi?
newspaper had the sub-editor's
on
right haqdftv
y. Should every personal letter and note be dated?
4. is it necessary ie ackno.s I! Christmas cards?
A. Wouldn’t it be all right ro ins st upon giving a tip in a taii;ant that has a “n.> tipping’ rule, when some special service has been rendered?
(j. Is it necessary to answer a wedding invitation that includes invitation to the reception ?
Answers
1. Jîeoks, flowers, candy, cigarettes, cigars, but never anything such as clothing or jewelry. 2. The hand should be placed at the girl's waist, not on her bare back. Ü. Y?s. Many misunderstandings have aris-because the date was omitted. 4. It is not necessary to write a note of acknowledgement, but one should try to remember when next coming in contact with this perte acknowledge receipt of the card. 5. Not when "no tipping” is requested. However, one may say, “Thank you very much for your kindness.” 6. Yes,
Dividends unclaimed Dividend No. 209	per *
December,

pMVHhle 1st
un
23.8I2.926.SO S 58.812,926.50

Thir
he wo? finally told that his would !•** dispensed with I I he missing de-

edge
II
Deposits by end balances due to Dominion C.overn-
Deposits *by end balances due to Provincial Governments........................ - ;
Deposits bv the public not (searing interest. . . Deposits bv the public bearing interest, including
lnrcrcv mCCTiaUnc« °JuT!r£>\‘er th.rt«rcU

5 10.167.110 9
(
1
res
I
8.692,00188
404,373.018.96
1
¥

ti
it t here u ft
478,024.304.00
201,321.25
il
»i-|
Deposits by a
foreign countries	..............
fo I
A
2W
Ihiit countrywide was the ccn-,f a violent, thunder and rain storm thu morning, and the fa• m
the occupation of
#
M),0OL150.:.O
tl
91î.SI9.200 31 26,028.237.87 194,243.13 17,642.135.30
511.590.89
$1,014.708.343.09
an
Notes of the bank in circulation. ......................
going, heads .......................................

In. in ¦ in
j*<* Henry Drown and his good M .try Flic a Drown,
•k hy lightning. Three
I Liken shelter under an
vv-tp killlvd, their nuire*
vit» Mary, and flutter-
Ilf
we io cows*

w : <
t*
V
wh -.'li h:i
ASSETS
oak trf:<

t 13,252.58 1,094,904.37 378,408.34 3.583,495.69 13,874,748.50 63,628,454.31 882,121.58 24,413,598.77
$ 32,813,192.71
1,043.05
93.800,332.62
lit
1
Cio Id held in Canada ..	¦ • --
Subsidiary coin held in Canada C old held else* here..........
Subsidiary coin held elsewhere.
Notes of Bank of Canada......
Deposit with Bank of C anada .
GovemnwtTand banknotes other than Canadian
en
«
Of course, few people believe in	but a Hart-
ford, C•»«*«., hearse has a Deplete bearing the desig
• •
*107,868,982.14
ft
son
22%:	due by; ^er Chartered
Due^by1 banks and banking correspondent» elsewhere than in Canada......................
r'°n*uar«nt«id JSSmSLSSS! within two years.
value.................; • • • •
Canadian municipal securities
Public^ securities other than Canadian, not exceeding Or her "bonds “‘drhen t ures and atocka, not exceeding
*n»c nation
U-2
126,614,5*8 3S
\ L< ndvn vicar was trying to .«ole 9o ohi'.rly woman pari h-
urvhonffivo of air
nt direct and
tjl£
179.351,641.32
<
r wit** w i3
10!
raid
136.013,788.50
9.696,232.65 23,2*6,372.31 39,250,803 06
1 ondon won’t be. was his cncoui ag-
“ Perhaps in bed at *xll, illy vonrliLdon
• What!
nan! old lady per,!0 we'v? been put to!”
not exceeding market
How Can I ?
Squadron Leader W. D. Van Vliet, of Winnipeg, has been appointed to command No. 110 Army Co-operation Squadron, selected for dispatch overseas os the air force component of the first Canadian division,
C.A.S.F.
protested the indig tfter all the ex
8Y ANNE ASHLEY
able value to cover.............................
14,618,275 64
Q. How can l make a good duster for wicker furniture?
A. Use a dish mop for dusting all the crevices of wicker furniture. It makes an excellent duster
young man.” The father shook his head. “I'm afraid that'll be rather difficult,” he replied. "Pshaw!” snapped Uncle John; "as the twig is bent the tree is inclined.” "Yes, but the twig is bent on being a girl, and we are inclined to let it
go at that.”
Spaniel’s Potion
Mighty Expensive
A schoolboy, asked to write about the Arctic region, said "An Eskimo is one of God's froten people
"So thsVn the baby,” said Uncle John. "Yea,” said the proud fath-•‘I hope you'll bring him up
t< be ‘i conscientious, upright
10.532.872.41
*>47,302,536 34
sas^Jssstia issfc 8?.
l oans to Provincial Government* .
Loan*
1212,627,311.73
1>3,774.60 20,392,898.33
Sparky, a Cocker spaniel, got tf mighty expensive drink of water from his master, Thomas J. Houn-ihan, of Richmond, Va., last week.
Mrs. Hounihan, occupied with baking, put her diamond ring and wedding band into a glass Hounihan came in and gave the pup water from the glass. Something clinked against the pup’s teeth.
A veterinary X-rayed Sparky, spotted the rings and recovered them.
for this purpose.
Q. How can I make thin hands plump?
A. First wash the hands in very water and rub in cocoa but-
y to'titics, townsT municipalities «id W'ool
curS^
Non ^current* Uni,' «timeted k»M provided for.
Bank premises, et not more then cost, l«se amount, written off.
Real estate other then bank premises. .........................
usass »?	^ w
not. ^
Other ‘assets not included under the foregoing heeds .
#
89,275,904.85
2,693.841.7b
3ÏÎ,6U763.S 2,195.915 07 531,776.4#
,7,:%î:&iî
1,380,00» 906.076
Slowly the raft drifted with the flow of the mem One of the shipwrecked sailors looked
into the sky.
“Cheer up," he called, t be far from civilization couple of bombers have
warm
ter, or any good skin food, for five minutes. Then hold the hands an instant in ice cold water and wipe dry. The cold water closes up the pores while filled with the skin food, and new tissue is built.
Q. How can 1 clean a while felt hat?
A. Cover the hat with a mixture of one quart of cornmeal, one cup of salt, and one cup of flour, and allow to remain for 24 hours; then brush off. This treatment will remove only the soil, not spots.
Q. How can 1 cause croquettes to keep their shape better?
- A. Form the croquettes about two or three hours ahead of time, and thoroughly chill them before cooking.
Q. What treatment sail I give to a person who has fainted?
A. Lay the patient flat on the back, if possible with the head a little lower than the feet, and give plenty of fresh air. Smelling salts he held to the nostrils, but
Feathers Bought
we
Canadian feather & Mattress
$
can ’cos a
just gone over
Co
41-47 St»auC£ ST., TORONTO
$l,014,7W,3*3.W
been incorporated under the laws
»n<l liabilities of
msssssssssat «s™—
M * Pr*"£n'.nd Men.sing Doctor
AUDITORS’ REPORT
aaHB**e
uaa
Classified Advertisements
Ft It M i l IIE KOll Si!.I
H It MT V HE FOK S ALE
li A114 VHU K VOSiTKST
ÆÊmmmmmmm;
CHESTERFIELDS $\ WEEKLY
LYONS
STOCK - TAKING SAM-
RECONDITIONED
FURNITURE
bray chick
win a flock of five. Cents nothin* uary chicks should Bray Hatchery, Hamilton, Ont.
ASK ABOUT THI '‘«•litas' Vou ma •'iny Chicks !
1
nt
the Bank
3-P1ECE CHESTERFIELD SUITES In velours and repp covers, factory reconditioned, originally expensive suites, better than cheap, new one. X pieces complete, $24.50. Three piece chesterfield suites, newly recovered in choice repp fabrics, just like new. at half the price. Three piece com plete $30.00 $5.00 down, 51.00 per week. We pay freight to your Dept. W., Royal Chester-facturera. 66 Richmond
M. OGDEN HASKELL, C.A., of Haskell, Elderkin & Compxn j AS. ti. BOSS. C.A.. of P. S. Ross & Sons
•rd^red i J lm St. N

Auditors.
vanning
4
« I VlOU
This is a splendid opportunity to buy really high-class reconditioned furniture at a fraction of the real value. Every article thoroughly cleaned, reconditioned and sold with a positive money-back guarantee of satisfaction.
Chesterfield Suite, 3 pieces, upholstered In brown figured repp material, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
Smart 3 piece Chesterfield
Suite, upholstered in Jacti-uard velour, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
Beautiful 3 piece brown mohair Chesterfield Suite. l#er-
Marshall spring
Montreal, Canada. December 21, 193&
ht< u tanning or
B-ef and Horsehides Harness and Garment ry & Son. Mark-
LM
PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Balance of Profit and Loss Account. 30th November,
doubtful debts has been made. ....
eraklne, to It'ibes
J
I
i
$ 2,721,409.82
le. <>
1938
may not too near
12.50
station field Manu St. E.. Toronto
H • A VION Al
4
ENROLLING FOR rlculatlon. tn, Shorthand and .. Make use of your Write today. Canad-ce College, (es-22V Yongc Street,
i • \. r
Short
3,724,842.39
M
19.50
OFFER TO INVENTORS
$ 6,446,252.? I
J
r
h culture
i
WlM* Severn#
an offer to every inventor
List of inventions and full information sent free. The Ramsay tv Registered. Patent Attorneys. Bank Street. Ottawa. Canada.
appropriated as follows
Dividend No. 206 at 8% per annum. Dividend No. 207 at 8% per annum. Dividend No. 208 at 8% per annum . Dividend No. 20** at 8
n
$	700,000.00
700,000.00 700,000.00
700.000.	00
$ 2.800,000.00
300.000.	00
250.000.	00
3.096,262.21
24.50
.rresp'i
h*d no
feet, reversible cushions
»
per annum
High class 3 piece brown mohair Chesterfield __ Suite, cost new approximately $i8v. Perfect condition
l <»1t s li t
35.00
It I .DIVA l.
Contribution to the Pension Fund Society
,v situated in
f the city of Ottawa.
modern brick
KING IN,A \
DeN *
THIS is WHAT MRS. NEURON. OF Tecumsch, Ontario, says: for years [ suffered with swollen legs and broken veins. Could not wear shoes or stockings. For months l could not leave my home. After Crouchmans Liniment out and enjoy life where it years ago. Demand It druggist or write J. It.
Ltd . Windsor
tuippud %.storey
buildings, 11 re. I,indy rcfrlger-clcotrlc hoist, First-class mble. Apply ; Rideau Street, e 6-0764.
odd
«
l/irge assortment of Chesterfields and chairs, in
3 6,446.252.21
»
mr
0.95
I'kifl* PR
uilding md out ig. i ,iion ) mis
Lion e»|Uipm«»n
S. G. DOBSON,
General Manages
X,aj*i0qn Kroehler Chesterfield Bed 1 4. JU upholstered in figured vel-\ Complete with new mattress. ,'7 Oak Dining -Room Unites. I/.JU buffet, table and 6 chairs.
Beautiful (tuarter-cut Oak Suite, large buffet, extension table and 6 leather upholstered
,
pieces, buffet, china cab extension table and U leather uphvl-sterd chairs, like new. rn r\c\ Large walnut finish Dining U7.UV Room Suite, completely refinished, buffet, china cabinet, extension table and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
M W Wll.SON,
‘president and Managing Director Montreal, December 21, 1939.
EXPERIMENTS AT 29.300 FEET
Two scientists aboard an air liner seeking to photograph cosmic reached an altitude of 29.300
et
i
i
r
our
l
using . an go left off 12 from your Crouch man Co Ontario.
r

I"
t
24.50
rays
feet above the City of Chicago, aud found ideal weather conditions for
.VAM
mmcD run
healing deposits increased approxi* mately $48,000.000.
Current Loans Increase The upward trend in current loans in Canada which began itt 1937 has been maint I nod, the increase for the year amounting over $16.000.000. Loans outside of Canada
approximately $10.000,000.
Strong Liquid Position As might be expected undi istiug conditions, the bank’s liquid position is particularly strong mediately realisable assets amounting to no less than 09 per cent, of the bank’s total liabilities to the public. Cash assets alone, including bank balances, amount to u-s lees than $234,483.550 Government and Provincial securities amounts-$315,000,000, of which approximately $180.000,000 mature within f w#
years.
The Annual General Meeting o# tine shareholders is being held •<* the Head Office of the bank at elerf
en a m
or double teeth, where the opening
uev WÊÊÈIKEtÈÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊM
the plates in position all the time
K HUNTMRS ON Males 12.60, fern-ings $3.50 .11v 1. I'm is. Ont
Hitin
45.00
the experiments.
The scientists said the temperature was 38 below, with no sign of and that they had obtained
i
STOMACH BOTHERING ?
successful bottles, L Postal Station t
rim ATK HOAVITAI
wide, the force presses
tM
e:
VOIR Hughes
Arm
» $
u
-.4
Try it! $1.75:	two
$3 00 Johnston Produc t*.
Vancouver, B C.

snow
400 pictures which would greatly facilitate studies of the cosmic
ri tv>< iai
New High Made By Royal Bank
AG RE EM EM’S I for cash, prompt Shore Realty Co. none 81.
I;T<; AOiUS f sa’c i»ur ¦ ttenttun. N ,nl . (
hi

Floor sample English Oak Dinette Suite (new) reg. $$9.00 value. Buffet, extension table with Jack-knife leaf and 4 chairs in
on aa Large solid walnut Dining OV.VV Room Suite (cost new $22v) beautiful buffet, china cabinet, extension table, and 6 leather upholstered chairs, completely vefmished.
Magnificent large walnut Dining Room Suite (10 pieces, cost new $850). buffet, china cabinet, extension table, serving cabinet. and U chairs with seats and backs upholstered In blue mohair.
Several odd buffets, china cabinets and extension
59.00
rays.
MENINGITIS CURE REPORTED
Succès in their war upon the dis-of influenzal meningitis, long
HOME. 7S'J
'SahaxipJ:;
taken. Maternity Specialist — book early. Waiting mothers accommodated. Registered muses. Moderate cash charges. 1 elephone M HI rose 4 355._%„
V
however, have fallen Uf

ii emit Al l'l l TUBES*
Assets of $1,014,000,000 Are Highest in Bank’s History — Deposits Up Over $100,000000 to Establish New Record
ease
considered incurable, was reported by doctors attending at the annual convention of the Canadian Public Health Association.
Dr. L. N. Silverthorne, of Toronto. told of treatment which had saved the lives of 15 to 65 infants and children treated by the Connaught laboratories.
MAGNETIC FALSE TEETH
Magnetic false teeth, a new s'ep in dentistry, d./lgned to hold false teeth plates in place, particularly in the wagging lower jaw, are announced. The magnets, set so that they oppose each other in upper and lower jaws, repel the plates with a force of about two ounces The magnetic force begins when the teeth are an Inch apart, and as the magnets are all set in the back,
KLIIS — 50 CIS. owest Priced Nur-leading varieties lamentais nesting sensation he's Treery, Nin Hm-Ljkc. Ontario.
vi:dt Areu nidi L'unadn'-'i K r 0 w I n h Fruit Tree*, v mined'
:'l offe
• nra-oi
ex-
r.v
Write
in-
ly
129.00
rLHSV.NAl
quit tobacco, snlfj?
S)B'.°ÆwiA!w
If*
Marked growth in all departments of the hank’s business Is reflected in the Annual Balance Sheet and Profit and Loss Account for the year ending November 10, 1939, being issued by The Royal Bank of Canada to its shareholders.
Total assets amount to $1,014,708-VVO, an increase of $160,643,000 last year’s figures, and the
EASILY
remedy
Prisoners Of War
Bureau Set Up
6.95
fit % IV Ell DETECTIVE*
table*
Complete Bed Room Suite
finish dresser, bed. eagles*
18.50
n walnut r. full else
plete training course by correspondence. Free information. W. ite to M. Julien. Box 35. Station 1. Mont real.
The rn.40iicrs of War Information Bureau (Canada) is now functioning under the direction of Lieut.-Col. H. Stethem of Ottawa.
The new bureau is receiving inquiries concerning Canadian prisoners of war in Germany; Canadian nationals tesident in Germany; Canadian nationals interned in Germany; Canadian members of the United Kingdom forces who are prisoners of war in Germany, and Canadian soldiers interned or Canadian civilian refugees stranded in neutral countries.
Letters addressed to Canadian prisoners of war may be mailed in the ordinary way and will be directed through the proper channels by Canadian postal authorities in co-operation with the United Kingdom
chiffon ie
-,,in8 "M: 3«o.n Sail.
with Venetian mirror in two-tone walnut finish, completely reftnlshed.	__.
19.00
¦1——
highest in the bank’s history. Only
ia the Annual Balance Sheet of 1929 has The Royal Bank of Can ada previously shown assets in ex-of one billion dollars.
Beautiful modern Bedroom Suite. In bleached walnut finish, dresser with Venetian mirror and chiffonier, full site bed, *ag-
" “,rirV„S? n;r™,p.î K-roon,
Suite, in waterfall design, dresser, round mirror, th ffouler, fun site bed. eagle*» eprlng and new matti es-, perfect.
Large assortment of stoves cabinets, breakfast suites mewing machines, dresser», beds. etc. at amasingly low prive».spécial attention to mail orders. All goods carefully crated for «»fe shipment ,.n r-H Ciuf of money-O’dor.
19.00
% _N I» THICK. I* A HTM
1 MED CAM
•XicTS l-'OK WVKRV MODEL AND
Xf JBW» “Ælï % ¦	7“. -V1 ï.,.tV„%
Part». 95 Osler Avenue. Toronto
on January 11th, 1940
1
59.00
t’PM*
Deposits Up Over $100,000,000
Total deposits Including deposit*
and fnê
Before the Great War, a giraffe tost $2,000 or less; W	£-
vVar tile price went up to $5,00#
and even higher.
kitchen
table*.
by Govern men la, banka public aracunt to $911.519,210, an increase of over $107.000,000, as
compared with tile corresponding figureslust year. Deposits stand at I lie highest point in the history of Bank. To the extent of $29,000.-poo the* Increase is accounted for by laigor balances due to the Dom-
¦ ( > t <¦ nnv nt
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
VujcSfv
New
Used

Vm
A
i IS HEHt II T Sio-••om Ell I MI’S Myëraiille
SI'ECl U.I/IXI
:T,,:z:.
«r» — KXCh**|« Menlve. Mm*» — Sflllamotv* or refii«<1. leij Ann* r«rl». Toron I o.	_______
000
Sixty thousand species of bul» terflies and 15,000 specie# of mos# have recently been added to thé collection of the Uyesto Museu#
of Science in Tokyo.
>1 .Mir>-hark Dunrnntre of %HllwfmTlvn
r

til
(


I.YONS
t: i mî:m
in hî:i
nt ini
478 \ "live Si., Toronto
Non Intc est
ISSUE NO. 1—40
al authorities.
>US
F
t
###PAGE###8###


IK?
Look Here
Mexico’s National Dress Has Oriental Background
If in the United Stales children dressed like George and Martha Washington, Pocahontas or Paul Revere on all national holidays, large cities would have somewhat the same atmosphere that Mexican cities have on Mexican national holidays.
patriotic celebrations, and girls all wear the costumes introduced centuries ago, which have become the symbols of Mexican dress.
The little girls wear the curious “china poblana” dress, much like that of Hindu women today, rhe original “china poblana" was a Hindu, .although the name means “Chinese girl of Puebla." She landed in Mexico severed hundred years ago
Manila galleon
In Memoriams
!
Wilson’s Garage
Belmier—Tn loving memory «>f our dear mother, Mrs. William Bel slier, who passed away suddenly January 7th, 1938.
A wonderful mother, so kind and true, One in a million, that mother, was you. Sadly missed by
For Salr, Wants
Lost clç.
Fe
(1
r
i •
% -
January Clearings
li
)
The Same Reliable Service
O
v-
l'OIt SALE—One dilving horse, fom-yearn-oM. Apply to I'kiu V Bam.ANTT m; Maryland, fjuc. I’lione. 8—11.



Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service

Made-to-Measure Suits
î r
I RM \ and K X MIl.Y

FOU SALK or EXCHANGE
Here, whenever there are
little boys
Ollf
M.-uv lising two .wars olfl, w ill sell for reasonable cash price or < xobange for work liorho. Apply to Hvnski.l Ku,iirn\ ClmtterK.Que. I'nemo MO ,11.

Morrison—In loving memory of our dear father. James Morrison, who passed away Jan. 17th, 1937.
Rest dear father, your troubles o'er, Your willing hands wiM work tio more, You did not fail to do your best,
You worked so hard for those you left, You lived your life and lived it well With always a smile what ever befell. You left behind some*aching heaits That loved you most sincere,
That never did and nexer will Forget you father dear.
Sweetest thoughts shall ever linger Around the grave where you arc laid.
Kver remembered by daughters, Florence and Lores a.
Ford Service

\
k Now is the time to purchase
suit tailored by the

Shell Sealed Cas & Oils


HAY FOR SALK - Quantity ol well Niven Imy for sale. Apply - to Uoxas.u Fham i:, MM Wavvi lev St.,. Ottawa.
f
a new
Baker Tailoring1 Company of Hamilton, Ont.
J. P. Wilson


Main Street -
Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
FOR SALK Dwelling house situate»! ,i( Stalk m Corners, includes Lot l‘Jfi feet by i!0() feet, six room house, D.C. fir finish, woodshed, suumiei kitchen arid tiled well. For further purlieu lai# apply to, C. 11. Kui.kuhii, Cowiuisyjll<\,Qiic.
i

L

as a passenger on a - which brought foodstuffs, silk, tea and slaves to Mexico. The girl sold at auction when the gal-
We are giving* a 10 per cent, discount on all orders in
January.
ROOMKRS—Several large comfortable rooms, fin lushed.
How Aim. Shaw ville.
Qua kepi oof City
Quctt... India, which was almost I leveled by an earthquake in 1935,
ir.g in of the kopje of rod rock where the carvings are.
i
Apply to (i. A. Phone 39.
was
Icon arrived in Acapulco to a merchant of Puebla. The Mexicans inaccurately identified her as Chinese, and so she became the “china poblana.“
Later the merchant fell in love with the girl and married her. She was baptized a Catholic and went about doing good work among the Mexicans. In gratitude, the quaint dress she always wore was adopted as a national dress. So the wide, flowing skirts, beads and rebozos of the Mexican women are really a modified Hindu costume of flowing petticoats and sari.
The Mexican boys wear the tight embroidered • riding trousers of the of south Spain and the bolero, reminiscent of the days of the Spanish conquistadors. The wide straw hat was adopted by the Spanish invaders, who borrowed ^ the style from the Mexican Indians.	I
/
Fur Pelts Wanted

v
I wish to announce to the public that I nrn in the market for all kinds of Seasonable Fur Pelts and assure highest market prices.
NORMS R. HORN El:,
Licensed Fur Dealer Shaw ville, Que.
V-
Norris B. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
l
• »
Mime 13.
Phone, 43
/
Swedish Hospitals
Socialized medicine is an old inFox Fire	; stitutii n in Sweden and ore may
¦Blin»
and strange appearance.	lai u '
%

Revival Services

f '
the Lest medical care
There is u
Revival Services will he held in the Sluwville Wesleyan Methodist Church, from January 7th to January 28th. Evangelist, Rev. Herbert Moore, ot Sandy I'm k. N.Y. Special Singing, Mr. Edward E Wil.vm, of Ottawa, ami lor d ( dent	• .
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
men
r
>
f
J. ANY a x i:i;
Monuments in Marble and Granite
for information on special designs and prices.

.
?
Write
. ,?
r
A 9
Phone. 278





GEO. H. FROATS & SONS
284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Geo. Maidens. Prospector, Dies at Local Hospital
Miss Helen R Dods Honoured
At the Sunday Dimming service in the Baptist church, Middleville,
Ont., the pastor, Rev. O Kell, on behalf of the congregation, pre sen ted the organist, Miss Helen It. Dods, with a mantle lamp, token of appreciation ot uer work in the church and choir.
on the Economic Front
The death occurred at Pontiac Community Hospital, Shaw ville, on Monday, Jan f 8th, of Mr. Geo
Maidens in his r>Cth yenr.
Mr. Maidens entered the hospital about four weeks ago for treatment and gradually declined from a heart condi ti< it.
lie was a mining prospector by profession and had been doing work in this district, at diffeient intervals for the past fifteen years.
Mr. Maidens was a native of Belleville, Out., and on the request of relatives, the remains were sent to Belleville by Tuesday morning s train for burial.
Materials and money count jot so much in this u or that a resolute, loyal l enthusiastic economic front line may be ike determining factor."
9 •
as a
ana
’ . * MINISTER OF FINANCE.
Sixteen Thousand Canadian Troops in England
L
The entire First Division of the Canadian Active Service Force, numbering approximately lb,UUU men, is now in England, aocoidmg to a statement from Ottawa Inst
week.	A	. ,
The division was transported
safely overseas in two contingents
and is now encamped at Aldershot,
where the men will be fully equip ,	, t. ,
ped and trained for some time The annual general meeting o before proceeding to France to I Clarendon farmers Club will be held take their place alongside British at the Pontiac House, Shaw ville, on and French troops and soldiers I Tuesday afternoon, Jan y 16th, at two from other Empire countries. |o’clock. All member- arc urgently requested to attend.
the answer is NOW.
To your restless question ' When can 1 help win this war?’’
On Monday next, the Government of the Dominion of Canada will offer the First W ar Loan. The purpose of this Loan is to provide money to carry on the war, not only
the battlefields, but all along the Economic Front.
r

Annual Meeting of Clarendon Farmers Club. Jan y 16
<
on
• ;
. It means a war in w hich the entire natural,
Let us explain what the Economic Front means industrial and financial resources of the country are used to defeat the enemy. It means
in which every citizen takes a part, in w hich his personal resources must
i »
a "total war support those of the Nation.

In such a war, one of the chief weapons is money. Where is this money to come from ?
and come voluntarily — from the savings of
CLAUDE ELLIOTT,
Secretary.
MARRIED
There is only one answer. It must come
people. The difference betw een us and the Germans is that we, of our ow n free will, lend our money — it is not ruthlessly taken away.
This is your opportunity to do your part in this struggle against Hitlerism. The eyes of the world are upon you, upon Canada, one of the strongest members of the British Commonwealth. Canadians must show that their strength, their courage and their resources are all in this fight against "brute force, bad faith, injustice, aggression and persecution.”
The news of the success of this Loan must go ringing round the world.
Kneen—Hobbs
Rev. A. P. Menzie?, oi West bum United Church, officiated at the wedding Saturday, Dec. 30th, oi Verna Marguerite Hobbs, daughter ot Mi. Robert Hobbs and (he late Mrs. Hobbs of Quyon, to Ueoige Clifford Kneen, son oi Mr
and Mrs. H. S. Kneen, of Ottawa. Louis XIV Possessed
the 1 weddhig° niulic!^‘while Miss I Famous Hope Diamond Mildred Thompson sang “O Per- This famous diamond, named for feet Love 'during the ceremony. |a formcr owner, H. T. Hope, is be-The bride was given in roan iage ]i d tQ be part of a gem pur-
iiSMëiswPP
ci ni red from the high neckline iind possession of the French royal fain-small covered buttons were used ily until 1830, when Mr. Hope bought down the back. The long close it for about $90,000. His grandson lilting sleeves were shirred at tin» Isold it in 1901, and it passed through wrists and had accentuated j the hands of a number of dealers, a Shoulder fulness, The bride’s veil ! Russian prince, the Sultan of Tur-vf tulle illusion was shoulder, kcyt etc., before it was purchased length and worn over the face j by the McLeans in 1911 for $260,000. Her head dress was a wide velvet superstitious persons who associate bow adorned with tiny blue forget- the stone with misfortunes that have rae-nots him* she carried rapture ; attended its various owners have
roses and stevia.	'called it the “Blue Terror.’' Tavern
Miss Richardson wore a floor |	h<? flrst Europcan owner, was
A reception was held after the dethroned, ceremony and the young couple left for a short motor trip. On return they will take up residence in Ottawa. The bride travelled in a costume of deep rose crepe, with black acceasoiies and a seal
coat.	. ,
Guests from out of town were
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Balfour,
Montreal i Mr. .1. Balfour, Brock
ville; Mrs J Graham and Mis,
Kay Graham. Wyman ; Mrs. C. H
MecLean, Shawville. and Mr. and
M rs. Ciifton Pratt, Kingston
our
A
LkapJYeak Danc E-By popular request a second Lear Year Dance will be held in the Theatre Hall, this’Kriday night—12th. Admis* ¦ Ision, 25 cents.
I
5 ’

i •


#
They will have the proven safety and salability of
Chartered Bank will take
Be ready to buy War Loan Bonds.
Dominion of Canada obligations. Any Investment Dealer or
your subscription. The quicker the economic war is won, the greater will be the saving of human lives . . . the swifter the collapse of the enemy.

DOM INION OF CANADA
T HE G O V E R N M E N T O F T H E



I
r
/
r

y


/
f
Vz

I
l ^
\
4 <
L
a
IS
• %


/-I I

V


^ I*
zr
* s


à


%




m

Worn



i 5S

Pelts and Hides Wanted


r

1 wish to announce that 1 am in the market fur all kinds of raw pelts—cow hides, horse hides, sheep anrl calf skins. Highest market prices paid. This week wc are paying 10 cents a lb. for cow hides.
NORRIS R, HORNER, Shawville, Que.
/

FREEDOM
FOR
FIGHT
DOLLARS
YOUR
MAKE
l’lioue 43.
>
f
y
i



