###PAGE###1###
Mar 15/40
Clarence Brownlee Sbawvllle
I

No 10, 57th Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 19:30
91.50 per annum In Advene# 2.00 to the United State#
1
PERSON AIT MENTION
% -1 •1 * .
Mr, «ml Mr#. Garnet Stark, of Ottawa, visited their relative* In tdwn during the pn«t week.
Mr#, T K Black, of Ottawa, formerly of Thorne, v hi ted her ho*, band at Ronyn doling the past.
wrek	W. G. CHISNELL
Mrs, H.R Kelley and Mh.MaM Public Auctioneer
sasssas aaessps
mmmmmrnc::.. z
juet » short time befot'e she passed Mr. E. T. Hodgins, accompanied Tweh.r of Flwe, Thwry of Music end Harm*., I *» «way.	by hie daughter, Mr*. John R.	_T .	I
Mrs. Howard, was formerly Mis* McDowell, are the guest* thi* week Jeannie MandejyMcKenzie Rea, of Mr. and Mr*. Wllliard T. I wish to inform the public that I daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. Bodgins in Montreal.	will be at Mrs. Lindsay Armstrong'*
born in Beach bn rgfont, 61* year# ^r and Mrs. B. H. Beck worth residence, Main Street, Shawville, ago, but had resided, in Bryson am] Mr. and Mrs.. M. J. Darken on Tuesday of each week, until she was married in 1900 to and son, Bryant, of Ottawa, were I . to Mr. 6 A. ^Howard, Shmwville's Sunday guests at the horn# of Mr well-known businessman.	and Billiard Calmer, Y arm.
GEORGES CARON M30WLING
teVSINESS ,y COLLEGE
•r Bank and Somerset Streets Ottawa, Ontario
Mrs. O. A. Howard Dies at Ottawa Civic Hospital
#. A
s. c l.
Advocate, Barrister
At Campbell'# my , Friday, Saturday and Monday
Shawville Hardware
• •
Many relatives and friends in Hhaw ville and surrounding district were shocked to learn of the sudden death of Mrs G. A. Howard, which occurred at Ottawa Civic Hospital on Saturday night, Oct. 21*t.

Aladdin Lamps

/Tins old reliable school ha* removed to larger and finer promhe#. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established réputation. Open all year.
*. E. COWLfliC,
Rftlidtnt

H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
Protect your eyes and use
JAMES A. MILLAR
Aladdin Mantle Lamps
$5.50 and up
A», L L i L.
ADVOCATE, ARRISTIR. etc.
l20 Main St
AlPentiac House, Shawvillo, Wednesday afternoon.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’iBay, • very Wednesday morning.

Hull,Que*
• •
Phone 22—14.
•very
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Msdktl Building Drummond Street
[hiring her residence in Shew- Mr. Alex Newton, of Montreal, ville, Mrs. Howard, took an active former member of the Hank of interest in Church and community Montreal staff here, and now at affairs. She was a member of taelied to a branch of the Cana Adina Hebekah Lodge since its die» Militia, visited friends in inception in llHLnod wm a |>ast district deputy noble grand M the
society. A member of St. Paul s Mr. Chester Premier gait, of Loi Anglican Cborch. she was* a past Angeles. Cal., is visiting at the president of the Ladies’ Guild, and home of hi* brother, Mr. George bad held other offices in eonnec- ! Prendergast, in town, and his ~ tion with the church. Kdr eeteral leister, Mr*. Walter Findlay, at years she was a director ot the Fitzroy Hlrbour, Ont.
Pontiac Agricultural Society No. 1.
Left to mourn are her husband ; two daughters and four sons, namely, Floience, the wife of Mr.
John Boden, of Brace bridge, Ont,;
Evelyn, the wife of Mr. J7 H.
Bryilen, of Guelph, Out ; Dean, of the H C M P., and Hea, at Ottawa;
Ambrose, at Portage du Fort, and Beverley, at hom« ; also three sisters, Mrs. John Reid, of Hart ney, Man . Mrs. Dean Findlay, of Deloraine, Man,; Mise Mona Rea, of Chicago ;E one brother, John
Rea, of Deloraine.	A large crowd attended the
The funeral we* held on Wed- chicken supper held in Holy nesday afternoon from the late Tiinitÿ parish ball, Radford, on home of tlm decenscd, Main Street, Frld«y ‘«f The supper wns and was one of the largest wit- sponsored by the Ladies Guild of nested in*the village for some tee church.
time, many friends being present The evening program consisted of from all points in the County as Political speeches comprising the well as many trom Ottawa and Vnion Nationale and Liberal towns and neighbciirSng towns in	The addresses were de-
Ontario. •fc ÿaul s Church was «vered
V
Full line of supplies always on hand
'T
?
>

town for the week end.
HARtAND 0. ROWAT
¦>
MONTREAL, ;QUE.

notary public
if Graduate of McGill Vniremit y
8MAWVILLE, QUE.
OKftrK — In lhe G. F. Hodgint» Building Main Street. Que.
plateau sais
Est. C. J. Caldwell
DH- WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 603
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
%
Mî\ Wendell Alexander arrived home last week from Loudon, England, to visit his parent®, Mr. and Mr*. Samuel Alexander Alexander left Germany, where he had been studying research on a scholarship awarded by the Que bec Government, just a tew day* before the outbreak of war.
J
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME ,
Ad vocal*. Barrister, Solicitor, etc,
OmcE : Campbell’s Bay, Que.
' In Lawn BIbck) ^
Demonstration, Nov. 1st, 2nd and 3rd
Mi
BELAI* 3 257


A
Resserve-Thursday night. X«»v Pth. for concert in Shaw ville United Church basement, under the auspices of the C.G I T
•ion, 25 and 15 cents.
TJie Hallowe’en Dance at Otter Lake, announced for Tueadw night. Oct. 8!sfe has been « hanged to Monday night. Oct. iOth. I tending patrons of this gala event will please keep this change of
Speaker# Heard at Chicken Supper
CLINTON H. DOWD
»:•
t
Admis»
<4
B. A, LL. B , C L.
Advocate, Barrister
etc
»
a
M vis: Street . -
_____I Phone, Sher. 1854 '
IV1 Pmtig House, Shawville, Que
e ery Friday evening.

Hull, Que.

v


r




4
»

-
fe,™"
CAWFBtil'S BIT, QUEBEC
Bean Supbbr—Wf*Iey Vnited ¦HIM hold * font* being^ given r fifteen in the Orange
__________I which to acldreee the Friday evening, Nov. 3rd.
gathering Those representing coeds for the improvements fund the Union Nationale party were | Admission, *25 and 15 cent*.
Mr. G. A. Howard,1 Mr ... I... M WÊ	¦
Davis, of Montreal, and »Mr. R. P. Miss Stinson, ol Renfrew, will do Hades, while the Liberals were special priceol ijei manents at the represented by Major Hell and Mr. borne oi Mrs. Lindsay Armstrong, J. Cleary, both of Montreal, and Pn Thursday afternoon and even-Mr. J. O. Laflammc, of Campbell , '"K of Ihis week. 35th inst Per Hey	manants from SI 00 up : Oils $1.50;
The Rector with Mr. J E Horner Fi’iger waves *25 eta. For appoint-Mr. Wm. Hanna acted a« joint raent8 phone -d
a#
m suppfpa
Hall, Charter is. on
Pro-1



wmm
Rev.R Nurse,'Xho was assisted by Rev. A. F Pokes, Pastor of Shawville United Church, and Rev. Thus. Legget, of St. George’s Anglican Church, Pottage du Fort. Mr. Nurse delivered an impressive sermon in which he paid tribute to the deceased, comment mg on her faithful services to the Church and its various activities.
Interment was made in St Paul’s cemetery, where members of Adina Rebekah Lodge, who attended in a body with represet a tives from Ottawa and Renfrew Lodges, paid their last tribute of respect to their departed sister. ,
Honorary pall-bearers were James McHainnnd E. R. McUôlgm,
Muyon ; Thos. Barnett and Jack Me Vicar, of Renfrew ; S E. Smyth and H. M. Kilpatrick, Pembroke ;
Wm. Lough, of Fort Coulonge ;
Ambrose Kennedy, Mayor of South Onslow ; Robert Carswell, of Bryson, Warden of Pontiac County ; E. C. Lawn, M L.A, and Thos. McCool, Canadidates in the Quebec Elections ;
President of Ponti
\ nuu iaihw|i jwÉI.
Acting pall-bearer* were the E. N. Hudgins, members of Shawville Council.
Mayor G. G. McDowell and Councillors A. O and R. P. Eides, C, N.
Woodley, Emerson Cotie arid the Secretary H. C Rowat.	¦
Floral tributes were numerous the
m.

Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request,-
Matters dealt with by correspondence

J.

f

r


fj

%
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT .. BARRISTER
118 MAIN STREET
/
im

and ¦¦ chairmen
E
PHONE, 2-22
i
4
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell's Biy, every ^Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m
MARRIED
United Church Choir Reorganised


u I
WRINN—DVMA8
The choir of the United Church
St. Edward the Confessors met for re-organisation in the Sun-1 Church. Maryland, Qua., was the day school room on Friday night scene of a pretty wedding when with Rev. A eF. Pokes in the on Tuesday morning, October ITth chair. The following were elected at nine o’clock Mary Bernadette the officers for the year : President. Dumas, daughter of Mi s Andrew Wiliuer Hodgms ; Vice-President, Dumas and the late Mr. Dumas, Mrs. A. D. McCredie ; Sec.-Treas , became the bride of Mr. Michael Robert Hodgfns ; Librarians, Ben Thomas Wrinn. son of Mr and Mid lid ge and Clarence Dean ; Mrs. Thomas Wrinn, of Vinton Gowns Committee. Mrs. S. E M<< Que.
Dowell and Mrs. T. Shore ; Social Rev. Father J. J. Sullivan, P.P.. Committee, Mrs. A. McKay, Mrs. officiated and chanted the Nuptial Walsh, Miss Katie Elliott | Mass. The church was affectively
tx ^ %

every
;
W™
Of

D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE

/
ka f/ ^

PhoneS I,
(
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
G. Walsh, Mis# Katie Elliott Mass. IH II I and Mise Helçn McLean ; Leader, decotatcd with Autumn flower* Mi#» Km y Wood îéy ; Assistant, W.| for the occasion. The wedding
music was played by Miss Louise Dumas sister of the bride, during the Mass solos were rendered by the Misses Libby Keon, Theresa ¦ O’Hara and Marion Smith, cousins . t LP*rty will be held	of the bride, and during the	sign-
_	_________ oly Trinity Parish Hall,	ing of the register	Mr.	Richard
and beautiful and included the : Radford, on Monday, October 30th. Dumas, brother of the bride and following :	A number of prizes will be award- Mr. Merlin Smith, sang “Just For
The family ;	St.	Paul’s	Ladies’	ed for the most original costumes,	Today”.	1
Aid ;	Mr.	and	Mrs. J. L.	Hodgins ; j also in the various classes for other 7"
costumes. Supper will be served by her brother, by the Radford A. Y P A at 11 p.rn. | Dumas, entering Admission, 15 and 10 cents
Alex Horner, Ac Conservative
STYLE SHOW
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGil University Po&t Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell*» Bay from Friday night to Monday nigh of each week.
To Hold Hallowe'en Party
A lia How e’en
l( IJ.uj cJ
SMART FASHIONS
zrJ-ttractive ^}e<L
J

cm

The was	in marriage
Mrs, G. W. and Mr. and Mrs. Leslie costumes. Supper will be served by her brother, Mr. Kenneth Dale ; James Howard and family : by the Radford A Y P,A. at 11 p.rn. Dumas, entering the church to the Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Argue ; Mr ana Admission, 15 and 10 cents.	strains of Lohengrin's wedding
Mrs Dave Hodgins and Mr. and	-----—------ march and was attended by her | Eye, Ear, Nose sad Throat Specials
Mrs. Herbert Hodgins ; John, _	.	sister, Miss Theresa Dumas as
Rona and Marshalene Howard ; Dance Postponed — Owing to bridesmaid. Mr. Adrian Wrinn,
Mr. and Mrs. Erskine Hodgins ; the death of Mrs. G. A. Howard, brother of the groom was best Mr. and Mrs. G. G. McDowell ; Mr, prominent member of Adina Re- man
and Mrs. B. H. Cochrane and bekah Lodge, the daneg announc- The bride looked charming in a family; Messrs. W. G. and J B. by that Society for Monday, daytime frock of rose beige, sheer Cowan: Shawville Village Council; yetober rU'Ms been postponed wool styled with a beige, lapin fur Adina Rebekah Lodge, Shawvillej; indefinitely.	jacket with brown accessories and
Mrs. F. U. Smyth and family :	chicken Supper - The Girl.’ wore a corsage of American beauty
Tuxis Eagles, Shawville; Rev. and Guild of St Paul’s Anglican roses, lilies of the valley and Mrs, Leggett, Portage du Fort: ehuroh, Shawville will hold a maidenhair fe,n.
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Trôner and I Chicken Simoer at the Their* The bridesmaid was attired in a family, Portage da Fort ; Mr. and j Hall, on Friday evening, October wlateria sheer wool dress with
Mrs. A O. Proudfoot, Campbell.j27th. Admission, 85and 20cents, black accessories, she wore a
Bay ; Mr. and Mrs. R. J. Hamilton, _	_	Kolinsky neck piece and her
Noranda ; Thomas McUool, Sheen CORRECTION - In the minutes of corsage was of Biiar Cliff roses and boro ; Pontiac Conservative As- Pistol Counqll session of October maiden hair fern.
Hocintion; Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Reid, Mn error occurred in the bills Following the ceremony a wed Hartney, Man ; Mr, and Mrs. 8. E °J accouot* : Frank McKee, corner ding dinner was served to iinmedi-Smyth, Pembroke ; Friends at 543	$3)0.00, should have read ate relatives at the bride’s home.
Gilmour St.. George and Isobel | vHKI.OO.	Later Mr. and Mrs. Wrinn left on
Bowden, Hits Helen Kennedy, The President and Officials of * motor trip for Montreal and New Willard Savlgnac, Mr. McElroy, Shawville Community Hospital York State. For travelling the Annieand Gertrude. Geo. Bry*on, desire to acknowledge through the bride donned a beaver trimmed Staff of Canadian Broadcasting columns of The Equity, the hand COHt of f*wn Wüo1 bonde with Corporation, Mrs. Jaek and Mr. A. Uome donation of an anaesthetic “itching accessor ies. On their Boyd, Kenneth Cochrane all of lubie from the Clarendon Women’s retum they will reside m Vinton,|
Ottawa. 2	Ï	¦ _ Institute.	'Qua.
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
u
SC A
MEDICAL ANTI BUILOINO
ovetin^i-
OTTAWA, -
I f SHONE, 2—7961
ONT.

BRIGHT INTERIOR

Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
The ladies of this community are cordially invited to visit our stores on the afternoons of November 1st, 2nd and 3rd to see cottons exhibited in various ways by Mrs. Duval, professional demonstrator
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d


Quebec
Shawville,
IN
SHAWVILLE - QUE
457464
###PAGE###2###
Isle of Atlantis Said No Legend
Ontario Government Opens Aircraft Training School at Galt
VOICE
of the
PRESS
NEWS

PARADE
t
kl
Captain Claims It Never Sank
Into the Sea
i
X
<
' ,.r
The Island of Atlantis isn't a legend, and It never sank Into the sea a# Plato said. Take the word ei Capt. J. L. Mott, who Is a dtl of Atlantis and has a passport te prove It.
"Twenty countries recognise my passport," he said. "There are 000 cltlsens of Atlantis. We have a capital and a king."
Plato's story of Atlantis as an le laud whose people attained an #e traordlnary degree of clvlllaatloa, only to be destroyed when am earthquake sank the empire be neath the sea, is generally accepted as a myth.
"Atlantis never sank," Mott said. "The old Empire consisted of the West Indies, Mexico, Central A erica and the northern part of South America. Its people were the ancestors of the Altec and Maya Indian tribes of the Yucatan peninsula."
Coral Atolls Off West Indies
Mott hills from a modern AU Us — numerous coral atolls In the West Indies off the southeastern tip of the United States. He formerly was a Danish sea captain and aviator, hut renounced hie Danish citizenship in 1904 to become a citizen of Atlantis.
The Atlantis government was tabllshed by Danish settlers wh the United States purchased the Virgin islands from Denmark. Ils capital is located at Odino, among the Lesser Antilles. King Age L is head of Its government, which la patterned after that of England. Its citizens speak Esperanto.
/
QUEBEC ELECTION
(By Elizabeth Eedy)
A regime that rode into power in 1936 on a wave of popular disgust with the methods of the Taschereau government may ride out again next week if the people of Quebec fail to endorse the policies of Premier Maurice Duplessis, Union Nationale leader, who poses ns the champion of French-Cana-dian liberty.
If M. Duplessis is defeated at the polls October 25, it will mean that the people of Quebec believed his talk of "provincial rights,” federal "tyranny", coming conscription, to be just catch-words— a smoke-screen to cover the machinations of a regime said to be financially and politically bankrupt.
i

y
\
FOOLING THEM
Under the new censorship rules understand the armies are not giving their right names.—Brandon Sun.


f
H A
we
i

n
/ , k
i
EXPLAINED
Now it can be told. Railways couldn’t open the windows so they air conditioned the trains.—Quebec Chronicle-Telegraph.
Xf i!
1
. I»,


V

I
I

KEEP TWO DOCTORS AWAf
The old saying is that an apple a day keeps the doctor away. Make it two a day and help also to keep the wolf away from the doors of our apple producers.—Saint John Telegraph-Journal.


\

Climbing on the Band-Wagon
If M. Duplessis* government is returned to office, we will have evidence that he has made successful capital out of French-Can-ada’s traditional lack of desire to participate in war and its fear of losing power to the Dominion Government. As Jean-Charles Harvey’s French-speaking weekly "I/e Jour" expressed it: "There will rally to M. Duplessis’ side a crowd of political adventurers of every shade — separatist, Anglophobe, isolationist, Laurentianist, sectarian, all the ragtag and bobtail of last-ditch nationalism in Quebec."
In Bad Financial Shape
M. Duplessis* calling of an election at this stressful time in Canadian life is branded by Federal Minister of Justice Lapointe as "an act of national sabotage’’— against Canadian unity. Mr. I.a-poir.te does not hesitate to say that the true reason of this election is the unfortunate financial situation in which the Quebec Government finds itself. "They have spent Provincial funds like drunken sailors," hi says. (The funded debt cf the Province had
$14ÎL748,000 on June 30, 1936, to $285,000,576 on March 31 last i. Mr. Lapointe infers that there many millions of dollars in unpaid warrants in the hands of contractors for Provincial works who have not yet been paid in cash.
Into Federal Arena
This provincial struggle in Quebec has been carried into the federal arena by members of Prime Minister King s Cabinet who have been campaigning against M. Duplessis
that an election victory for the Inion Nationale Government in Quebec would be his cue, and that oi the other Quebec Ministers, to
retire from the Federal Government.
CONFUSED ANATOMY The lack of shoes for Canadian volunteers makes us wonder if the Department of Defence has been led astray by Frederick the Great’s epigram that an army marches on its stomach.—Toronto Saturday Night.



In a converted foundry at Galt, Ont., two hundred youths ranging in age from 18 to 25 have commenced their training period to qualify as ground crews for the R.C.A.F., as the Ontario government’s six-month aircraft training school w as officially opened by Hon. N. 0. Hi pel and Hon. Dr. L. J. Simpson. An instructor is shown, LEFT, explaining the fine points of propeller construction to a group of eager sutdents, while another group, UPPER RIGHT, are being shown the intricacies of a modern airplane engine. Hon. Dr. L. J. Simpson, minister of education, is showm, LOWER RIGHT, examining a milling machine.
TIME TO CURB PROFITEERING
The housewives are not interested in the appointing of some commission that may bring down a 53,600-word report on food prices next year. It will be all history by that time. What the people are interested in is some direct action without delay to curb profiteering.—Windsor Star.
Tending Towards Treeless Canada ?
Farm
Forum
O
NTARIO
UTDOORS
We Cut and Burn and Make Practically No Effort to Replace Our Forests
A GREAT HIGHWAY
While we keep our attention fixed on more spectacular things, one of the greatest public works projects ever devised by human beings is slowly coming nearer to completion. This is the great motor highway which will some day link Alaska with Argentina and provide a smooth and up-to-date roadway for tourists all the way uu and down the two American continents
miles long when completed this length, some 8,500 miles will be north of the Panama Canal; and it is noteworthy that all but a comparatively small portion of this North American section is now passable for automobiles.—Guelph Mercury.
By VIC BAKER
WAR MEASURES ACT
AND FARM FORUM
IF YOU ARE GOING GUNNING
There will be thousands of gunners in Ontario this fall who will go into the hunting fljld in pursuit of their favourite game. Nearly all of them are safe gunners.
But in order to bring to the attention of everyone and in the interest of making and keeping gunning a safe sport, a set of rules has been drawn up known as "The Ten Commandments of Safety." These have been devised after studies by sporting arms experts, game officials, outdoor editors and others. They are believed to cover every essential safety observance which a gunner should obey.
Thçy are
Ten Commandment»
First Commandment: Treat every gun with the respect due to a loaded gun. This is the cardinal rule of gun safety.
Second Commandment: Carry only empty guns, taken down or with the action open, into your automobile, camp and home.
Third Commandment: Always be sure that the barrel and action are clear of obstructions.
Fourth Commandment: Always carry your gun so that you can control the direction of the muzzle even if you stumble.
Fifth Commandment; Be sure of j your target before you pull the trigger.
Sixth Commandment:	Neve**
point a gun at anything you do not want to shoot.	I
Seventh Commandment: Never I leave your gun unattended unless I you unload it first.
Eighth Commandment: Never I climb a tree oi a fence with a loaded gun.	I
Ninth Commandment:	Never	I
shoot at a flat, hard surface or I the surface of water.	I
Tenth Commandment: Do not I mix gunpowder and alcohol.
Mfr BEE HIVE
a million trees a
An average week were planted In Great Britain last year, the Forestry Commission have more than a million acres under control with a staff definitely looking after It, says the Niagara Falls Review.
In the handling of our forest resources Canadians will be classed as fools by future generations. We cut and burn, and make practically no effort to replace. Nature, given a half chance, does pretty well, but there is the rub. We don't give nature a break. We by carelessness or vicious intent send fire through young and old forests and burn more than we use.

In Canadr. the War Measures Act is in force again, and under its authority there has been created in Ottawa an agricultural supplies committee the purpose whereof is "to keep agriculture functioning in a manner which will supply the food and fibre needs of the people of Cai ada and their Allies in the war during the period of the war and to leave the farmer, as far as possible, in a position to follow his natural peace-time pursuits at the end of the war"
To Promote Higher Quality
Special sub-committees, aided by advisory boards, have been appointed to deal with farm products, the purchase and distribution of feeds, seeds, fertilizers, insecticides, etc The chief aim on the part of the government, says B. Leslie Emsiie, well-known Canadian chemist-agronomist, will be the promotion of higher quality in farm produce, be it grain, canning crops, meat or milk, and advice will be disseminated freely on fertilizers, insecticides, seed fungicides, feeds « id mineral supplements for livestock, etc. Profiteering will be prevented and the farmers’ interests protected.
e
.11
m
increased from
It will be 15,000
Of
are
Profit By China’s Example Canada will he compelled to*lak* an advance step In forest protection and development. Otherwise wo head for conditions in China— a land of floods, drouth and poverty. With China's example before us we have little excuse.
A plan for nation-wide identification of dogs by "noseprinting’’ to eliminate “dog-napping” was presented to the American Humane Association’s GSrd annual meeting.
Richard Meaney, New York City delegate, submitted to the convention a system he has worked out with the aid uf the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
He said he hoped to end the stealing of valuable dogs for reward money or foi sale.
t
!
«Ill
Mr. Lapointe has stated

Books And You
If M. DuplessL is to be defeated, there will have to be a big turnover of seats in Quebec’* Legislative Assembly. The Opposition at the moment consists of only 17 men ou» of a total of 90 legisla-These seventeen belong to three separate political First, the official Liberals, ors of the Taschereau regime led by M. Adelard Godbout ; second, the Action Liberale Nationale, 1 Liberals who are very much opposed to war participation, headed by M. i’aul Gouin- thirdly, very small National party.
The eyes of all Cat.a&a " cd on Quebec
BY
ELIZABETH EEDY
}
LIFE'S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher
tors
"BACK ROADS”
By Katharine Haviland-Taylor
This is the story of a country doctor, Ezra Winters of the gallant heart. Every community has at one time known a man like him. He knows that his people need him and when they call, he goes regardless of the size of the fee expected.
When Caleb Densey's third wife —who was incurably ill—dies, Caleb hires a young physician to come to Hillsborough, and threatens the citizens of Hillsborough who are in debt to him if they consult Ezra and not his imported protege. He spreads gossip and even manages to destroy some of Dr. Winter’s property. But Ezra gains the admiration and support of a wealthy and influential girl, who pledged herself to help the man who has been so generous and kind to her. Ezra, firm in the knowledge of his duty, loved by a lew loyal supporters, defies Caleb, treating a poignant and dramatic climax.
Katharine Haviland-Taylor portrays country people and customs with a tolerance and love that shows how deeply sympathetic is her knowledge of them.
"Back Roads”
Haviland-Taylor
B. Lippincott, 215 Victoria Street,
. . . $2.76.
parties:
surriv-

Donates Proceeds to Red
Cross

the

are turn. October 25 may
mark a turning point not only in , the history of Quebec, but in the ! affairs of the Dominion as well. I

r ^
£ **



j
t *F.
War Increases
Retail Prices
«

I




.V

Tomato Is Berry

Costs of Commodities in Great War Days Are Recalled
immediate large increases in the Canadian cost of living as a result of the war are not likely, if the experience of the 191418 period is valid for present conditions the Woodstock Sentihel-Review. It 1 true that during the previous war years retail prices of all commodities moved steadily upward, reaching a peak in 1920, when a sharp decline set in. For the early years of the war, however, the rise was not much greater than that which would have taken place as a . result of a general stimulation of | business activity In peace-time.	•
Doubled Between 1913 and 1920	|
In 1913, the general index of re ! tail prices was 65 4. It rose to 66.0 ; <a 1914. 67 3 in 1915. 72.5 in 1916, 85.6 in 1917 and 97.4 in ISIS 1920 it reached the high point of 12 4t
The retail index of food prices rose from 66.2 in 1913 to 114.6 In 1918 and continued *o rise to 141.1 la 1920. The
rose steeply from 63.3 in 1913 to 109.5 in 1918 and 153.2 in 1920. In both these cases the rise was not abnormally large In the early war years.
The index ef fuel prices declined slightly in the first two years of the war, from 65«8 In 1913 to 62.2 la 1915. It rose to 78.9 in 1918 and reached Its P**k of 109.2 fa 1S21.

/ z /h • / / kg / ^
• t '//<<
Strictly speaking, the tomato, or love-apple, is neither a true fruit nor a vegetable, says the British Family Herald berry—a berry being any seedbearing body in which the seeds are internal and surrounded by soft material.
Gooseberries and currants are also berries, so are grapes, cucumbers, marrows, and melons raspberries, blackberries, and loganberries, despite their name, are not berries—because their seeds arc external fruits.
l
xX7.

A
\x

a
It is a
%

m
i
:

says






4MB

J. L. Stewart, general manager of the Canadian Automobiel Chamber of Commerce, who announced that proceeds of advance admission tickets to the National Motor Show, opening in Toronto on Saturday, October 14, will be donated to the Canadian Red Cross Society.
i
But

by Katharine Toronto: J.
8-2
They are proper
A/t
"Do not make the
Lake of confusing this with any ordinary brush!*
mis
REGT.AR FELLERS The Cat’s Meow
By GENE BYRNES

J
J
In
!


S'
5

y
«
i
©
X
Y
4 ,


i
J
j,

=T

thing index also
m
i
ID


GAR
0

< •—
,

I
I

g
i
x
-Zj-rrxi
/ 9

1
A



1/ •
###PAGE###3###
Christian Science Thanksgiving Day
•lust something, it's easy to do on them pine needles. They're slick as greaae after you’ve walked oil 'em long enough.'*
“What's Miss Posdlck up here for anyway?'*
The housekeeper shrugged. “It's her house, ain't It? 1 suppose «lie’s got the right to come and upset things any time she takes the notion. But Î, for one. will be glad when she goes and takes that old hell-cat of a Hannah with her. The men are all right — hut that woman


T
T
K
44It DOES taste good in a pipe!”
HAND/ SC AL-TIGHT POUCH . 1 St
•triB. “LOK-iOP” TIN .
«/so packed in Pocket Tins
A
A
Christian Science churches the world over hold Thanksgiving Day services, and the one held in First Church of Christ, Scientist, Toronto, is typical of them all.
The service opened with the on-grcgation singing the hymn “This is the day the Lord hath made.”
The Thanksgiving Proclamation by the Governor-General of Canada was then read by Mr. John Carle ton, the First Reader.
The Scriptural selection was from Psalms and was read by the First Reader. After the Spiritual selection the congregation united in silent prayer which was follow, fd by the ludible repetition of the Lord's Prayer with its spiritual interpretation from the Christian Science textbook, “Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures’* by Mary Baker Eddy.
The Lesson-Sermon for Thanksgiving Day given in the Christian Science Quarterly and read in all Christian Science churches in Canada and many other parts of the world followed the second hymn. The subject of this Lesson-Sermon was “Thanksgiving” and had for the Golden Text: “Rejoice evermore. Pray without ceasing. In every thing give thanks: for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you.** (I Thes-salonians 5: 16-18).
L
B
K
L
i
D
S
E
t
j
i
w5
L
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS

?*•
A CHEESE CHAT
“Then you think she Just happened to come up here?” he persisted. “How <lo you explain the gun with the silencer and the dog being killed, and the broken arrow mark ?”
As cooler days arrive there is something homey and appetizing about cheese dishes. Then, too, cheese is one of the high protein foods and should hold an important part in weekly menus. There are two forms of cheese—the soft and hard. Cheese made from skim milk is the hard; the soft type is made from milk and cream. The composition of cheese is one-third protein, one-third fat and one-third water. A gentle heat melts cheese and makes it easier to digest. Intense heat makes cheese tough and difficult of digestion. A little soda is sometimes added to milk and water used in cooking the cheese, which renders it more soluble and easier of digestion. Whilst cheese is very nutritious, it is wise not to feed it to children. It is best kept in a cool place and not tightly covered. Wrapping in waxed paper or cellophane it will keep several days. If it becomes hard and dry, grate and keep covered until ready for use. It may be added to soups (sprinkling on top before serving) or added to any of the starchy foods. A soft crumbly cheese is always best for cooking. I hope these recipes of
•le
e
e
•irm
HOUSE OF SHADOWS
How should I know?'* Susie’s
Then she
by Ida P. Gleason
voice sounded sharp turned with a coquettish smile. “Try one of these fritters. If I (lo say so, as I shouldn’t, 1 can sure make ’em."
© 1936 NtA Service, lee.
BEGIN HERE THIS WEEK
CLAIRE FOSDICK seta out to drive to the lonely mountain home left her by her eccentric uncle, LYMAN FOSDICK. Claire Is trying to decide whether to marry NICK BAUM, to whom she owes money. She also hopes to find a valuable •nd mysterious jewel owned by her uncle and believed to be hidden In the house.
Her car is wrecked by a log that has been placed across the road. PAT MAGAN, an old friend, and BOB STEELE, young engineer, arrive on the scene and take Claire to the mountain house, where EB SPRATT and his sister, SUSIE, are the caretakers.
Nick Baum comes to the mountain house. Later Claire sees him take Susie In his arms and kiss her.
to solve tilt* mystery of the place.
The Empty Lamp
Holding the glowing lamp, she looked around the ellar room. And there were the usual boxes and barrels standing lu orderly rows. Susie might be flighty, but no one could deny that she was a good housekeeper. Claire moved toward the shadowy end of Is- room and suddenly stopped. Regularly, evenly, came sounds of something heating against that side of the wall. She went over and laid her ear against it.
There could be no doubt about It now. Someone or something was digging back of that wall. Was that the tapping she had heard In Lyman Fosdiek’s library and in the bedroom directly above? This part of the cellar was almost underneath tho roots of the pine tree outside the library window.
A cold sweat broke out on the girl’s forehead. Could It be fc?b— alive or dead? Or'the white miner, delving at his ghostly diggings? The lamp in her hand suddenly dimmed. She looked down at It in terror, and saw that it was empty. She simply could not stay there, listening to those horrible sound* in the dark. In panic she rushed up the cellar steps.
The swift twilight of the mountains was beginning to fall as Claire gained the open air. Everything about her seemed normal and peaceful, and already she was beginning to feel ashamed of her fright.
A fine treasure hunter you are, running away like a scared rabbit from the first noise you can't explain," she scolded herself.
She put down the empty lamp and walked resolutely through the aspen grove to the tool house. “I'll get a crowbar or something and see If I can't find out what’s going on down In that cellar," she told herself. ’ Maybe Dan Dallas could dig—" But on second thought she decided to see what she could do alone. She was not at all sure about Dan Dallas.
After securing the crowbar and a can of kerosene, she passed the open kitchen door. She could see Susie, moving about getting supper and talking to Dan Dallas who sat by the table peeling potatoes. And Claire paused as their voices came to her.
“Heard anything from your brother yet, Susie?" the man was ask-
Pulse in the Darkness
Claire waited a minute longer, but they did not return to the subject, so she went on to the cellar.
Queer that Dan Dallas should be quizzing Susie. If he had put the silencer on his own cabin roof, why should he mention it at all?
Was he testing her to see If she knew Kb had borrowed the guu?
She walked to the farther wall of tho cellar, where she had heard the tapping sounds. She put her ear against it and thought that she heard something, but could not. be sure. Experimentally she struck the wall with the crowbar. Almost at once there was a response, like a big pulse beating with horrible regularity back there In the darkness.
Awkwardly she began digging, and after several minutes had | old favorites will help simplify
your menu problems.
WELSH RAREBIT
... teeth kept bright and attractive with the help of WRIGLEY’S
“«SIS
t
v
,Tt* ***
A
GET SOME TODAY!
Sweater Blouse Beautifies Suit
Cotton Wool
Sandwiches
Claire goes again to Investigate the root cellar, and she hears a nolee, and terrified, runs up th.. noise, and terrified, runs up the
Simple High Neckline Is Background for Elaborate Jewelry
Jean Agnes Galloway, six, of West Hampstead, England, died last week from pneumonia following an operation for the removal of a safety pin which she had accidentally swallowed.
Dr. D. Foster stated at the inquest that the child was given cotton wool sandwiches to eat in the hope that the pin point would be covered.
Death by misadventure was the verdict.
quite a sizeable hole. Painfully she flexed her cramped muscles the floor at her feet lay a pile of dirt half as high as the huge barrel of salt pork nearby.
“Mercy, wbat a mess!” she gasped aloud. “If 1 don't find anything, whatever will Susie say?“
Claire could not feel very penitent. After all, the House of Long Shadows belonged to her, not Susie.
At last she was forced to stop, and once more she put her ear up against the wall. Certainly something was stirring behind there. She must go on. If only she dared to ask Dan Dallas to help her!
These thoughts raced through her mind as she worked. When she was forced to stop for breath, she fancied the sounds were growing louder. Could she be nearing the solution of the mystery? And what would she find? Suppose she should suddenly break through a retaining wall and encounter some horror better left buried.
<To Be Continued)
On
- The perfect basic blouse for fall suits Is introduced in the form of a new sweater blouse with simple high untrimmed neckline on which may be worn wide necklaces or elaborate costume clips. Casual and informal, they may gain beauty and formality for dressier suits.
Sleeve Interest, Too Tailored blouses with the new “bishop sleeves,” are popular In all the dark fall colors.
New fitted cocktail and dinner blouses are shown in luscious metal and woven silks. Shirrings and « darts give them the feminine softness popular this season, and high necklines make these, too, perfect backgrounds for jewels. Sleeves may have the new Gibson Girl top, or may be simple and sleek fitting.
CHAPTER X
’T can’t Imagine, ’ Claire answer-id. “He told me he’d only been out here once before.”
“You don’t think for one minute that Susie Is stationary, do you? That gal’s a roamer, and don’t you ever forget It? If Eb didn’t hold her down, no tellin’ where she’d end up. She—” Hannah’s harangue was interrupted by a moan from Bob Steele.
Both women rushed to his side. For an instant his eyelids fluttered open and him lips moved. Claire leaned nearer, then after a minute looked up. “Hannah, I do believe he’s sleeping more naturally. He seemed quite rational when he opined hia eyqs. I think he wanted to speak to me.”
But after waiting for some time, there seemed uo further change in the patient, so Claire went to the kitchen in search of Susie. Ufiable find her, she had gone on to the lar. Now she made her way rery slowly down the stone steps Into the darkness below would light the lamp
*/s lb. cheese (grated)
% or 1 teaspoon mustard % teaspoon salt Cayenne
2	teaspoons butter % cup milk
] rgg Dry Toast
Place cheese in double boiler or chafing dish, sprinkle over mixed reasonings. Add butter in pieces, I then add the milk. When cheese is melted, stir in well-beaten egg, cook for a moment. Serve on toast or on salt wafers.
COTTAGE CHEESE Heat sour milk or buttermilk until the whey is quite clear; drain in a cheese cloth and let drip about five hours without squeezing. Place curd in a bowl; break with a wooden spoon. Season with salt and mix into a paste with a little cream. Mold and set in cool place. CHEESE SOUFFLE
3	tablespoons butter 3 tablespoon» Hour
% teaspoon salt Cayenne % cup milk 3 eggs
Cook first five ingredients as white sauce for two minutes. Remove from heat and add well-beaten yolks of eggs and cheese. Set away to cool. When cool, fold in whites of eggs beaten stiff, turn int) buttered baking dish. Bake in slow oven for 30 minutes. CHEESE FONDUE 1 cup scalded milk 1 cup soft stale bread crumbs % lb. mild cheese (cut in small pieces)
1 tablespoon butter Vt teaspoon salt Yolks 3 eggs Whites 3 eggs
Mix milk, breadcrumbs, cheese, butter and salt. Add yolks of eggs which have been beaten until creamy. Fold in whites of eggs beaten until stiff. Pour in a buttered baking dish and bake 20 minutes in a moderate oven.
But
TAKES OFF
GRIME
WITHOUT
SCOURING
I
Y our Children’s Eternal “Why?”
Wise Parents Feel Sensible Questions Demand a Reply
I
1
Costume Cavalcade
FOR HALLOWE’EN
"^TO need for hard rubbing and scrubbing when you use a solution of Gillett’s Pure Flake Lye. It cuts right through grease, dears clogged drains, keeps outhouses sanitary and odorless, scours pots and pans, takes the hard work out of heavy cleaning. Keep a tin always handy.
She
1 try again
*sk
?!
Gone are the days when a child's search for knowledge was met with a sharp "Curiosity killed the cat” or "You'll understand all when you are older.”
Nowadays wise parents feel that sensible questions demand a reply giving sufficient information to be grasped by the young intelligence.
Admittedly one must build up knowledge step by step, but once the child has shown any desire to have his knowledge satisfied In a certain direction, he should be guided on to the path which will lead to full knowledge later and should never be headed off on to side-tracks.
But the problem of the "eternal 'why?
questions often require carefully considered replies from parents.
2867
ifi
s»zt
* / # r-
»

EDWARDS BUR6
l
:

ing
He's Close-Mouthed "No.” Susie did not turn from the stove. "But he's all right. I ain't worryin' none. He often goes off half-cocked like that, it he hap- I pens to think o' something he wants down in the city. Eb always was closer mouthed than a ward politician. At first I couldn't help 1 ' think of the white miner, but when I got to figurin' it over, I decided Eb'd gone to the city, and that's all there is to	it.”	I
“Urn,” grunted Dan. "How do you explain the cap with.the blood marks?”	I
"Say, you ain't try in' to work up a murder mystery 'round here, are you? I never see such a scary crowd? Eb probably banged his head on something or other and come In and got his other hat. It’s gone out of his room, anyway. I looked to see.”	I
"It is?” Dan glanced up at her quickly. "And you figure Mr. Bob Steele was hurt in an accident, too do you?”
“Sure, 1 heard the Doc say that he probably slipped and fell ag- I
(HOW* BRAND
FREE BOOKLET - The GUlett’e Lye
Booklet telle how this powerful clearner

performs dosene of tasks. Send for a free copy to Standard Brands Ltd., Fraser Ave. and Liberty Street. Toronto, Ont.


%
is a real one, as these
9 99
1



7 Us
Ù
Sarnia Schoolgirls Wearing Uniforms
HI
I
I
I
l

r
I
YOUR HOUSEHOLD PROBLEMS
Have you fussy eaters in your family? Do you have trouble providing a varied and interesting menu? Do your cakes fall? Then write, enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie B. Chambers, care of
this paper, and she will endeavour to solve vour orohlem*.
Hi,
I
\
f

A group of Sarnia, Ont., mothers, rebelling against use of silk stockings and dresses for collegiate girls during wartime, announced that from Oct. 16 their daughters are wearing newly-adopted navy blue skirts and jackets and lisle stockings.
Mrs. E. 0. Lott, chairman of the mothers committee, said it was not expected the plan would be adopted by all collegiate girls this year as many previously had purchased their school outfits.

1


mu
I !

»

U
z
•Sever dissolve lye in hot noter. The action of the lye itself heats the water.
mit
^8*

L
At Noon
r-
HELP
WL
The CANADA STANCH COMPANY Limited

There comes a sudden hush At twelve o’clock;
The workmen's hammers Drop their steady rhyme; Children go in from play.
And traffic stop Our village eats its midday meai On time!
By LOUISE LENNOX
Don’t forget that Hallowe’en is just around the corner. Don’t be caught at the last minute without a costume for yourself or for your daughter. This pattern offers a wide choice,
everyone. You can be lady-like in a romantic Colonial gown, and spooky in a witch’s dress with black cats prowling at the hem. Or bring out the peasant in you and go Dutch. The pattern include* costumes for shepherdess, fariy, ballerina and Pierrette as well—and all come in sizes to fit either child or grownup.
Style No. 2867 is designed for »ix4s 4, 8, 12, 16 and 20. For material requirements, see pattern envelope.
Send Fifteen Cents 15c) (coin \ preferred) for Pattern to Louise • Lennox, Room 421, 73 Y/est Ade- . laide St., Toronto. Write plainly you Name, Address and Style Number. Be sure to s a.a< size you wish.
IHSTRESSIRfi
HERD COLDS
i
6
7 OUT OF 8 CANADIAN HOUSEWIVES
WHO USE DRY YEAST-USE ROYAL
\$fm
roléman

&
Note running aching.. miserable ! There's no sense in each suffering! TRY MENTHOLATVM for RELIEF—at once ! Its soothing ours penetrate infected naaal
costums to suit
Helen Hixon.

m
branes — help to halt munie gathering. Treat that head cold NOW with Mentholatum — guaranteed to bring relief or money back
NERVOUS, WEAK
-I Now Makes a New I NON-PRESSURE
-nom i amp
At all druggists—Jars or tubes i#c
THOUSANDS of
tired, weak, nervous women have helped themselves gain strength and energy by taking Dr. Pierce’s Favorite Prescription, developed by Dr. R. V.
Pierre, wl	1
women’s troubles his
side the nutrition eed end brace the retire
i
1
\
Now you
*
ter
brilliant light la
• —
i
i

MENTHOLATUM
lamp. It
because 1 nj
ITS ALWAYS 1
DEPENDABLE A
9% fuel Hse wide variety of C e I e m a o refill
Cives CONFORT Deify J
made
L MtlWNS maau*, usable
m

v
III
%
i
l
W
f
special study. This tonic Iks# It kelps to build up
oniy^SOs — a Mg


&
•It VOUS DIALES or
body, overcoming n<
end eleepl
Mrs. E. Surge nt of 1 Arthur Street. St. Thomas. Oat., eeyet " I ee feeling eo out of sorts end sad lacked strength. Dr. Pierre # Favor-
f
writs to ue far SstaUaf
COLE MAN LAMP 4 STOVl
i:«m LTD.
* t
I
••11#
Issue No. 42 — 39
n<» - na
list.
me |ust wonderfully. 1 wasn't so nervooa end Mt bf :»r In every my.” Cet Dr. Pierce**
Is
B
e Prescription fi

###PAGE###4###
/'/[/ / /7f> /'/ *\/\/\/\*\*\/ ' ' ' ' ' ' / / /	^
ban we had in 1037 38, and 1038 30", | he said. The cycle of the sun spots takes 1 l yearn and when they reach t heir maximum, which last was in 1037, the weather is exceptionally cloudy and warmer. The *un spots are gradually moving to a minimum.
zty vtzviy
THE EQUITY
>

HODGTNS
GABAQE
Laying Mashes
\
SH AW VILLE, OCT. 26, 1939
\
\
X
X
SA
X
<
Price for Wool Sot
V
x
X
Eades’ Eggslent Laying Mash
18 p.c. Protein, 4 p.c. Fat, 7 p.c. Fibre $2.35 per bag
Shur Gain Laying Mash
18 p.c. Protein, 3.5 p.c. Fat, 7 p.c. Fibre $2.45 per bag
Blatchford’s 17 p.c. Laying Mash $2.75 per bag
17 p.c. Protein, 4 p.c. Fat. 7 p.c. Fibre
Heyday of Valentines
Was During 19th Century
The heyday of valentines as we know them came during the Nineteenth century. During its third decade printers both here and in England had so perfected their methods of printing, of embossing paper and of die-cutting it in lacy patterns that they could produce those elaborate and ornate valentines which now interest collectors with a fondness for items of the Victorian period.
\
the lVo.l
,s
(
<
t Ag i
I >e|M\rtnii'iit o * inadian sheep rais e intrustt'd in the hi l*y the Wool Administrât irk. that
t


XVI
Chevrolet, Buick, Oldsmobile,
Sales ~ Service
X
\
\
\
h is her rd umli
!
pri
a
lor wool t-> hi
i
m.l
t 1
t
i I
for low medium combing >le 46* to ftOe ip wn in Van ula is gold the ll wv (greasy ba*V) s. ¦ of w«k»1 m the hands of ends as in the past upon ul yield of clean wo. 1. s of this grade of wool told in farmers hands the ending upon shrink igv and ts, would not likely ex s a pound for E intern wool ud might h«* as low as £0 cents for tine of the higher shrinkage qualities.
Quebec and Maritime wool is highest i clean yield, followed by wool from >ntario ; whilst Kistern wool generally ields higher than Western range or Vestern domestic wool.
tv
!

s
1
!
I
In fact, these intricately wrought pieces of paper made for use on a single day in the year, St. Valentine's. bear a distinct relationship in elaborateness of pattern to a contemporary product, lacy sandwich glass, writes Agnes L. Sasscier in “American Collector.” Consider the minute details of both the valentines and the glass of the Cape Cod factory and you will find that the spirit was the same. Both were products of the romantic movement which permeated Europe. England and the United States, influencing literature, art, music and architecture. Applied to decoration, it has A recommendation to every farmer in come to be known as early Victo-'anada to make a careful survey this rian.
'all of his farm project in view of the
emands that the war may make neoes sending these decorative try at any time is made in the follow- ! on February 14, stemmed back to lg statement issued by Hon. James 0. j an old pagan practice. Just how Jardiner, 1 > mi in ion Minister of Agri- the name of a Roman bishop who il titre :	perished during a persecution of the
k The question of increased production Christians in 170 A. D. became as equipments in Canada -what com mo , sociated with this feast is not clear, iities will he required and in whit There is a tradition that the Em-uantities— is not an easy one to answer1 pevor Claudius, finding married men it this moment.	The situation, how- loath to leave home to wage his
ever, may clarify itself with alarming wars, decreed that no new mar ‘Uddenness, at which time a more de-1 nages were to be performed; but
ignored the
farmer this Fall ivay continued secretly to marry the rove to be the most significant Fall young couples VVhereupon he was >\‘nsoii for m my years. On the tin»r-i beheaded, ugh ness of this Fall’s preparation will
Fence
Requirements
For Your

Shur-Cain Concentrates
X
X
i,-i
X
X
ketmg
X
I
x
Big 50 Protein Concentrate
100 Concentrate and 7 Ground Grains makes 800 of 16 per cent, laying Mash....
Fgg Maker Poultry Concentrate
100 Concentrate and 400 Ground Crains makes 500 of 16 per cent laying Mas!)....
<
X
X

$4.75 per bag
Try Frost Steele and Wire Company’s Famous Tight Lock Fencing
V
Every Farmer Should Make Careful Survey
$3.90 per bag
It cost very little move per acre for r. good fence that will hold the stock in place while you slumber. We have a good assortment at present.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REÇU
But the idea behind the custom of
missives
the offices of the Consulat General de France, 6S0 Cat heart street (New lîirks Building), in Montreal, from 9 am. to 1 p m. and from 3 to (» gun., to l>v given 11 heir inohiliz.it ion order.
| French citizens residing out of the city of Montreal and who, for that [reason i I are unable to call personally at the French Consulate, are requested to write immediately in order to indicate ' their place of residence, family charges (number of children) and whether they wish, after having received their mobil f izition examination
NOTICE
I
Canada
Province of (Quebec District of Pontiac So. 477 1
Superior Court - Pontiac
lit is ANN A BEDARD, trader, of il
Vi Mag
Pontiac. — Plaintiff,
J. Li. HOIKJINS
Phone 64-J.
nite policy would become possible
Yet for tl


GGGGOD
Cayamont, district
f I
Whether this is fact or f > Fe Ivpend in a more vital way than ever ruary 14 became known as St. Valet ore the quality, quantity, and cost entire's day early in the Christian i hi< final project a year hence .•hether this tike the term of Held rops marketed as such
r.>ps mirketed through cattle, dairy Dresses Made From Corn
r« ducts, sheep, wool, poultry products, r last but far from least, hogs .. Z'
Xot for many years has there been
\
8JBJ5JB
idvr, to undergo a medical
CÜ
X P. MARTIN, of the City « Ottawa, Province of Ontario. Defendant
The defendant is ordered to apjK wit h» n one month.
Campbell's Riy, October 10th, 10.30
ALPHONSE MARTI NEAT
I\ S. C.
District of Pontiac
DALE’S TINSHOP
era
r of farm
Think You Are a Poet?
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
|
Findlay Super Oval Range
The finest range that money can buy
h 3 sizes and 5 different
colour schemes
Hi Findlay Furnaces
Insures Tour Heating HI Comfort for the Winter Months.
Let us quote you prices
Suggested by New Patent
Then Try Out This Test
Are you a poet? Here's a test cited by Sister Mary Madeleva, president of St. Mary's college. Notre Dame, Ind. The test concerns the moon crescent sometimes visible in the early morning, says the Syracuse Post-Standard. If it's “a thin crust
I=es-.'Bsasss
1 I r»LK NOTICE is htrel) given y0U aren't much of a poet.
*tK tsrzL, from ». rPSS'Bli
I I.	HI . corn meal by a suitable solvent and j T*xts, a» es •	>	1 * j losophy of the ideal republic, with
•nsive production of hogs, or of dairy while in solution is forced through tvuncil of the X illage of Sltnwu e be* u$ tri ,e divislon of the p0puia,ion
n,ducts A tew extra acres of gram on tiny orifices from which it flows as been made and complete,!, and that.it ml0 philosophers the ..cholce .xstern farms should therefore be ser liquid laments. These plastic fila- now >s and w.ll remain in my possesswn	the merchants and soldiers
msly considered Conversely Prairie ments are led into a coagulating i f"r 'nspecuon by partes interested, ilitf- ..,0 ,ake care of ,he pkilosophers trmers will probably hud that the bath, a solution containing ordinary hfigthuty days fi°m tlu> notice, dunng economjC8||y and defend the coun-îarketir.g of surplus and low grade, formaldehyde.	'	which tune it may be amended ; and try » and the s1aveg ,.t0 do the
.heat and coarse grains will net higher The formaldehyde hardens the fib ;uiy niteWer	1 ; iTm x work”'
returns through hogs, cattle and poultry aments so that they can readily be Uï complain of such roll, «Inch w II be
mis ###
mmmmm
.egnxsped;	In other words, this is ,,	solutlll;l Ueforc „ ls spun, as is	H	V.	HOW AT,
, Kid tune to bring up the standard of	eS8ary ln the case of artificial	silk	Sem	t .ry-Treasurer,
. er ls and Mocks, to reduce feed con- made from cellulose and cellulose | Municipal Council X 1 liage of Shawville 1 inption	i he same derivatives^
: me to obtain a return higher than cun su all y l>e counted upon when culling ork is undertaken. A critical look at
•	very beast on the farm at this time
^.od young soxxs and well developed silversmiths xvere mostly of Holland xe Umb,. should not be neglected Dutch birth or heritage, and a I:	.y tr,der,th?l" v°f	r" though by 1660 New York had ber ureinents.	There will be lime this	eome an English colony, the silver
•	m er lor	general need cleaning, a	made by its craftsmen retained	the
heck up on machinery and equipment, Dutch flavor, both in design and or-nd the consideration of the many de- namentation. Gradually this xvas uls connected with preparations for modified by the influx of English ext season s crop. But ot paramount and Huguenot craftsmen. The re-11 porta nee is what happens on the sujt was pieces of silver with a disum in the next few weeks. Seed tinction all their own. In form and i}iplif'i generally are likely to be a de ornamentation they were a mingling jate. Certun diaease-resistant sorts o{ both the Dutch and English tra i wheat, oats and barley and disease- ditions with slight touches of the
tree seed potatoes, however, are still French, reflecting the presence of a nut, I, and any substantial export of tightly knit though small group of Them would leave us short. Securing Huguenots. Because of these three Vapplies of these well m advance this influences, New York silver until the year is wise practice. •	middle of the Eighteenth century	,
feSrycrijiSftI «FJrSS'Si a^r"‘	tSS*'*.......-*r-j=Rrsjii5t5?j
(%„d, G. O. McDOWELU j ÎTSÆÏ-VSf».
¦¦j	August 25, September 1 and Octo-
ber 13 read. But on September 29 _ the charge was one cent more for - one meal ess, and on April 27 the rate was rJl of cent a meal more; “To 38 meals of victuals, $3 62.”
It may be deduced that just pre-Frerch citizens belonging to mobilisa- ceding September 29 and April 27 clawes of the year 1920 and up the farm band 1
soon may be wearing ui autumn when a moat careful survey dreSses made from corn. This is
t the whole tarin project tiuy be move suggested by a method for prepar-important from national as well jng a new, strong, water-resistant ** aelt-protective considerations. We artificial silk from corn meal, dehall be too busy to do this next Spring, scribed in a patent (No. 2,156,929)
* {y *>e 1 O') late next rail.	granted to Lloyd C. Swollen of Terre
three considerations deserve urgent Haute, Ind.
id immediate attention :	Corn meal is the source of zein, a
1. brain Crops and Feed Supplies, protein-like substance, and it is rop plans for next year will govern from the zein that the artificial fila he scope and character ot this halls ments are spun, much like a silk per at ions.	In Eastern Canada and
British Columbia it may be well to inire adequate feed supplies for an in
NOTICE


»
l
S3
;
3
r
DALE’S TINSHOP
That reduces most of the world to
I
Shawville Quebec
‘The work
0?i373/ej5f3/æisjar2.,a/a/a^3,r2jsrij'ar3i'ai's;
ESTABLISHED 1883
Quoting from Jacques Maritain that “Poetry is to art what grace is to moral life
INVALID
she claimed there was “no finer tribute paid to poetry, and no greater stimulus for reading or writing poetry, for grace establishes us in friendship with God, gives to everything we do a supernatural quality and value.M
GEORGE HYNES 8c SON
This is said to save
time
Directors of Funeral Service
NOTICE
Silver's History
Province of Queue
Municipality of Shawville, )	|
PVBLIC NOTICE is hereby given, Farmer’s Account Book
t “!5S,vrîl^£'x™: •	*•—u Ey. t. Thrif,
ing held on the Second day of October,! A New England farmer’s account IMP, passed its By-Law, No. 125, levy I book of the 1830s reveals the price ing the tax rate in thus Municipality for of meals and the watch which house-the year 1939, the said By Law read* wives kept on boarders’ appetites, as follows	In the autumn of 1834 the charge
for the school mistress was a fraction over four cents a meal, room rent apparently included boarding school Mistress 10 days $1.43	~~ ¦¦¦¦¦¦
I
Shawville, Que.
Phone 80
Beattie’s Eye Service
By Law, No 125
Whereas it is necessary and expedient tint a tax rate be levied to meet the necessary expense of the Municipality of Shaw ville. It is hereby resolved and ordained by By Law. No. 125 that a tax rate of Ten (10) Mills on the dollar be and is hereby levied on every dollar of taxable property on the assessment roll of the Village of Shaw ville. for the
Three mills for ordinary
“To
and “To boarding Mistress
A farm hand's
one week, $.92 meals cost more than twice as much—from 8L4 to cents, room rent excluded, each entry stating specifically says the Springfield (Mass.) Republican.
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see as you should see you will see
Beattie s Lye Service
Scientific Eye Examinationt
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
meals of victuals."
To 38 meals
.Marble Table Tops
From Elizabethan England come
records of marble stone table tops
in 1588, although it was not until
..	, -	,	, , the early part of	the Eighteenth cen-
hxpert* who look to	the sun spots for	tury that marble	appeared as an im-
their wither faicast» anticipate the portant furnishing feature in Eng-ommg Winter will be lent cloudy and ,ande it8 use in Italy most prob-*omewhat colder than ha* been expert- ab|y predates this, since the natural enced during the peat	two	year*, Dr.	resources there	and the architec-
ialph R. DeLnry. of the	D minion	tural character	of the furniture
Observatory, *aid Monday.	J would botii encourage the use of
“It will be a more normal Winter marble.
Coming Winter Somewhat Colder
H. C. ROW AT,
Secretary Treasurer
French Cltisenn In Canada Ashed to Report
T.T. BEATTIE,
Professions! Optometnst
KATHLEEN M.ROLUN5 Professional Optometrist.
4
a more than
non ¦¦	¦¦¦
And reserve officer* less than 4'> years usually hearty appetite for pan-old, are urgently requested to report at cakes and apple pie.
###PAGE###5###
In Memorlams
Service Announcement
i The Equity
Cemetery
Donations
In loving memory of our dear sinter sod daughter, Mrs. Harold Wilson, who passed away October 2*th, 193*.
Peacefully sleeping, resting at hist,
world's weary trouble and tlia!# are past.
In silence » ho suffered, in patience she bore,
Till (»od called her home to suffer no more.
Shaw vim,K Unitkh Ciivrch
Hk> A F. Fokkh IJ A , B.D. llA4tor
Sunday, October 20
li.00 a m.—Service at Shawville.
1.30 p in.—Service at Zion
At these two service* the Pastor w ill preach on ‘‘Words that trip men tip*
3 00 |> iu.—Service at Stark '* Corner*
! Special missionary addreFh by hr. Gillie* Fuite, medical missionary just I returned from war torn China.
7 30 p.m Service at .Shawville.
7 30 p.m.—I >i*trict Missionary tinlly in the Shaw ville church United church people of the district are invited to a platform missionary meeting to be addressed by Dr. Gillies.Eadie of China, and J. It McGregor, of Ottawa, chairman of the Missionary Board of the Ottawa Presbytery,
Kaufman’s Life Buoy
RUBBERS
3
II
PUBMHHKU EVERY Tilt* USD A Y AT
SI! AW VILLE, QUEBEC
Previously acknowledged #157 00 Alex. II. Kilgour...
Mrs, Andrew Hudgins .
Mrs. A. K. PoHselwhite Mrs. George T. Horner.
Mrs. Charlotte Connelly
Dr. Ed. Taggart ......
Sh iwiills W( I '
Wm. Armstrong, Elmside - 00
C. L Dale, Toronto........	2 00
1
2 00
2 00 $ 00 1 Oi 1 00 :t 00
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
$i no 2.00
Anywhere in Cun*da To United States.
i
For Fall and Winter of 1939-40
Sadly ini**ed Ly
I N )
Mother and .Sister
All arrears must be paid In full before any paper is discontinued
Bristol School Board
!
The last few days were a gentle reminder to us that cold and wet days are now with us for a few months.
Are You Prepared For It ?
Keep your feet dry and comfortable with
Kaufman Life Buoy Rubbers.
Considering the big advancer in rubber footwear you will find our prices more than reasonable.
W. O, COWAX. PUBLISHER
All the
Oct. 10th, 193V
Bristol School Commissioner* met on above date, present, Chair roan Woods and a full Board of Commissioners.
Commissioner Beattie having sub scribed to his Oath of Ortie" took his seat at the Board.
The minutes of last meeting were read and on motion of Conir Stewart were adopted.
Motion Ly C'otur WuUh that the following bills be approved and paid :
U. T/Paul, insurance on school
Hog* Fop Service
Purebred Yorkshire registered Hog, from prize-winning stock. Service lee, #1.00. Apply to HH	ib'in.iNxl
11 It. No, 1, Shaw ville
Bristol l nitep Cm ri ii
C. ARvtsTaoNa-SAi.Ks, I». I)
Sunday, October 29
St Andrews Sunday School 10.00 a. rn “	" Service	11.00 a. m
Hev. OillieM E&die, BA, of Honan, China.
New Reg. Pure bred Yorkshire Hog for service. Fee 11.00. Apply to
MANSON McCACG
R. 2, Shaw ville, Que.
buy
r*& ni
b 10
7 20 11 00 h 00 r> 45 2 00
Moyer School Supplies Ltd Bencuf Publishing Co., suppl Sunday School 2 00 p. in. I J. N. Russell, work at No. 1
8*00 p in. I J. K. Lucas,
Rev. C. A Sales, B. A.	L li. Keen, supplie» to schools
Sunday School 10.30 a. ml J; M'irray, work at No 0 Service	7.30 p. m. ^ n‘ H Hattie xvork and sup-
Mr„ Cb'iir,“an Vf lhe 0tt|a.w> Chairman ‘ Woods'
Presbytery Layman a Association | bl|aoce „( ,Le meeting
Mention by Comr Stewart that Comr Graham lx? splinted chairman pro tein.
Motion by Comr Beattie, that the collection roll as prepared be accepted and homologated.
Motion by Comr Stewart, that the teachers of this Board be notified to refuse admission to all pupils xvho can not produce a vaccination certificate.
On motion of Comr Walsh the meeting adjourne 1.
ie.s
Knox
Service
II 4.
No Trespassing
Mr*. R G. Houoixs, Pien Rev. A. 1. POKES, Sec'ty
Austin,
All (icrsons are strictly forbidden to trespass, hunt or camp on the following properties in the Township of Calumet Island, County of Pontiac. Quebec ;
Lots 10, 17, 18, pt. 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, Range 6.
Lots, 11. 14, \\ 17. 80 A, pt 20, 21, 22, Range 7.
Lots 9, 10, 11, 12, 13. 14, 17, 17 B, 18, Range 8.
Lots 7, 9, 10, II, 12, 13, 14, 13, 10, 17, 18 and pt 20, on 9th Range.
By order
, ERNEST G. MURRAY,
For the Owners.
Men’s Heavy Gum Rubbers for ordinary wear ; also Boy’s and Youth’s, from
....... IT TS
retired for the
.. $1.25 to $1.69
NOTICE
ANGLICAN
St. Pavl*
Sunday, October 2$>
10.00	a. m —Sunday School
11.00	a.m—Holy Communion
7 30 p. m.— Evening Prayer
St Lvke*
1.00 p. m.—Sunday School
1.30	p. m. -Evening Prayer
Holy -Trinity
2.30	p. m —Sunday School 3.0V p. m.—Evening Prayer
Women’s Misses’ and Children’s Rainettes
I wish to inform the public that I have opened a Beauty Salon in the Haye*' Block, under the capable direction of Mis* Jean O’Neil, Government Licensed operator, of Ottawa. Phone 73 w for appointments.
MARJORIE HAYES,
Manager Shiwville, Que
Men’s, Women’s, Misses’ and Children's Plain Rubbers
- SPECIAL
H. I. Smith,
Sec. - Treas
"The Kippeu” !•*> inch top not full yrain leather.. .
‘‘Tie Kippeu" I^ inch top.
No Trespassing
$3.25
$3.00
All person* are etrictly cautioned igainet treipaaeing or hunting on Lot# 14. 15, 1C, 17, 18 and 19, Range 10; 17, 18, on Range 11; 16 it. Range 9, of the Township of Clarendon.
By order,

PRINTING
Parhh of North Clarendon Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge
Sunday, October 2V
North Onslow, Harvest Service 10.30
2.30
Evening Prayer, 7 00
A. FI. HORNER. R. RICHARDSON.
K. A. HORNER, W. J. QUEER,
Thorne Centre, Evening Prayer Charte rift
Dry Goods Department
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
NOTICE
When la Purple Purple? Most People Don't Know
When is purple purple? When is green green? Most of us don’t know. In an age when science reproduces with dazzling accuracy the myriad colors of nature, we are inclined to take color for granted. Until related colors are examined closely, side by side, or until someone disagrees with us over the description of a color, we do not worry much about color names. After all, “what’s in a name?”
Thanks to the corner druggist, and to the national association of which he is a member, science has at last undertaken the job of solving the color name problem, writes John H. Crider in the Scientific American. In fact, the national bureau of standards in Washington, backed by the American Pharmaceutical association, has just about finished the classification of the color names of powdered drugs; the naming of microscopic structures and crude drugs is well under way.
The object of the work at the bureau of standards, financed by the American Pharmaceutical association, is to provide “a means of des-gnating colors in the United States Pharmacopia. in the National Formulary and in general pharmaceutical literature; such designation to 3e sufficiently standardized to be acceptable to science, sufficiently Droad to be appreciated and usable in science, art and industry, and sufficiently commonplace to be understood, at least in a general way, by the whole public.”
Men’s and Boy’s Underwear, Sweaters, Windbreakers, Pullovers, etc.
Men’s Heavy Coats with Fur Collar Neva-net Cloth
Wtijutii’d and.Children’s Sweaters of every description
v______________________________________
All persons are forbidden to trespass or hunt on Lot 12 U Range V.
By order,
NORRIS BROWNLEE
No Trespassing
Hunters and Trespassers are strictly forbidden on the following properties : Lots 14, 13 and 10, Rmge f) ; Lot 13, Tiuge 10, of the township of Clarendon. By order of the owners.
W. H. Howard
1‘FRt'Y BEL&HKn
Ja*. Kelley,
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements Posters Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
White Blankets,
Grey Blankets,
Flannelette Blankets, Fancy Indian Blankets
Horse Blankets
f
i
Grocery Specials
Amazon Valley Shelters Gorgeously Plumed Bird
In the dense forests of South America through which flaw the Amazon river and its tributaries, lives the cock of the rock, according to naturalists who have described him, the most beautiful bird in the world, writes a correspondent to the Michigan Farmer. He is a glorious creature, in a coat of bright orange, black-tipped wings and tail, and a marvelous double crest which runs backward from the tip of his bill, over the top of his head, like the ridge of a helmet.
To see them dance you must peep through the underbrush in the dense shadows. If you are fortunate, you may see a score of birds in a natural amphitheater, the spectators gathered on bushes surrounding an open space in the center— the stage. m
Here this radiant, feathered actor takes his place. I and his solo dance begins. With lowered wings, and outspread, pumping tail, he walks round and round the stage, scratching the ground and springing into the air—the spectators in the bushes, meanwhile, giving every evidence of keen enjoyment of his act.
When he is tired, he joins the spectators, while another male takes his place on the stage. Nobody knows how long the dancing continues*-probably until every young brave has done his stunt.
I
There is still one chest of green ten left at tha old pr ices While it lasts Ü lbs to each customer $1.00
We now stock Ipeai. Feeds and Mashes processed by the Pembroke Milling Co.
A few tons only of Ideal Hog Grower at $2.00 per cwt. Ideal Laying Mash at
l
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
$2.55 “ “
f
MaeLean’s
to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited &
Successor
Word ‘Canard* Started
By Ducky French Story
It is interesting to note the manner in which we have come to apply the term “canard” to any slander Dr outrageous story. “Canard” is the French word for “duck.” About SO years ago a French Journalist set all Paris talking by an article in 3ne of the daily newspapers, purporting to tell of a wager he had made with some other newspaper men to the effect fhat, “given one day to prepare, he could eat 20 ducks at a sitting.” According to his tale his wager was eagerly taken by all who heard it. Then, according to his story, he went to the market, bought 20 ducks, and, by the process of hourly killing one duck and feeding it to the others, he arrived, in 20 hours, at a final duck with all the others inside it. This, the journalist wrote, he promptly killed, roasted and ate “at one sitting.” The story caused endless comment, was copied all over France and in other countries—until some curious person raised a public demand to know whether or not this procedure was accepted by the other bettors as a bona fide performance of the
wager WÊIÊÊÊÊÊKtÊKÊtÊÊÊHt
had to explain that the whole story was a fake, written merely to “excite comment.” As a result we have the word “canard" to define just that kind of a yarn.
RED & WHITE STORE
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves''
I I
Wilson’s Garage
Golds..
SPECIALS
The Same Reliable Service
49 cts.
Black Tea, per lb W beaten a,
Honey, clover, 6 1b tin
^	44	44
•> 44	44
Suited Sodas. 1 lb. pkg., :2 for .
G. M. Coffee, 1 lb. tin.........
Toddy, 1 lb. tin.................
& “ «
Ovaltine, 4 oz. tin ...............
G M Orange Marmalade, 4 lb. tin
Corn Syrup, 10 lb. tin
5 " “
Fine Salt, 14 lb. bag
Break up that cold before it gets you down by our remedies.
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
5
44
4 4	4 4
65
44
• •
using
We have a good supply of Cough Syrup, Cough Drops, Aspirin, Acetophen, Quinnine, etc.
Ford Service
35
44
44
44
• e
What About Mu?
The mythical continent of Mu is pictured as having sunk in the Pacific just as the equally mythical land of Atlantis in the Atlantic. A map of Mu which has been exhibited is a contour map of the bottom of the Pacific ocean based on sound-
India are alleged to show that the continent of Mu sank about 10,000 B. C...destroying 64,000,000 persons, including a ruling race of whites. None of these, nor their works, were saved, unless we except the carved rocks on some of the South Sea islands, the peaks of which were not submerged. Lemuria is another hypothetical continent in the Indian ocean, including Madagascar and other islands and home of the genus of mammals known as lemurs.
19
4 4
44
44
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
25
44
J. P. Wilson
49
44
Main Street
Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
39
44
Hindu tablets discovered in
25
44
44
• •
25
44

Poultry Wanted
50
44
THE CORNER STORE
Bhaw ville Egg and Poultry Association will receive live and dressed poultry on Tuesday of each
Fur further
75
44
Eventually the journalist
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts
QUE.
40
44
44
44
week until 4.00 p m particulars apply to
25
44
••••
H. T STARK,
Manager
SHAWVILLE
| Phone
###PAGE###6###
original word two spellings emerged, "defense,” the more common form in the United States. The official Canadian spelling as used in Ottawa documents and reports is "defence.”
Spelling of Defence
Now that "defence" has hoof the most used words
First Canadian Troops Land In England—1914
Sunday
School
Lesson
ÊÊÊ
ijrrn 1
"Mi
m

come one im the language, some wonder why in Canada it is spelled in two ways, says the Toronto Star. The original word was "defens," just as hence was once hens; pence, pens; and dunce, duns. From the



as
i
Australia is spending $600,000 on a national fitness and health campaign.

m
A
By William
Ferguson
This Curious World
LESSON IV
THE CITIZENS OF THE
KINGDOM.—Matthew 5:1-16
Golden Text.—Even so let your light shine before men; that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father who is in heaven. Matt. 5:16.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—Spring, A.D. 27.
Place.—On an unknown mountain, possibly in Judaea.
The Sermon is undoubtedly the greatest single discourse ever uttered by any teacher or statesman or philosopher in the whole history of the human race. It is not, however, the sum and substance of Christianity. It reveals, instead, a divine ideal and a perfect standard of conduct.
1. And seeing the multitudes, he went up into the mountain: and when he had sat down, his disciples came unto him: 2. and he opened his mouth and taught them, saying. 8. Messed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. To be poor in spirit means to be in inmost reality conscious of need, of dependence on God. Christ begins his portraiture of a citizen of the kingdom with the ttonsciousnes of want and sin. All the rest of the morality of the sermon is founded on this.

HUMMING-BIRDS USE SB/OEB WEBS
IN THE. BUILDING
OF THEIR. ,_. r
NESTS. /	f

*
4f
V


m



»



E

w



there are
7KW SSIOUNTA/N BADGES

¦v
1
»
«

2» .
#1

L3

i

r&

ON THE. VISIBLE



'#1

^W" *

SIDE OF THE MOON.
* .


Ü


JuaI 25 years ago Oct. 8, the first Canadian troops landed at Plymouth, England, anxious to do their part to help the empire emerge victorious in the conflict of 19 14-18.
*

&£.
EARTHWORMS
*
ONCE BROKE UP A CHiXZjOi IN SAULT SAINTE \ MARIE,
\ MICHIGAN./
\ THE WORMS WERE I PRESENTED TO I AN ELDCD. FOR I DISTRIBUTION / AMON6 HIS / FISHERMEN ASSOCIATES, BUT DISSENSION AROSE OVER THE APPORTIONMENT/ SOME OF THE MEMBERS SECEDED AND
BUILT ANOTHER. CHURCH.»___________
ALTHOUGH there arc higher ^mountains on the earth than on the moon, those of the latter-appear much more lofty because they rise as high as 19.000 feet directly above the level of the plains, while most of our earthly mountains are situated in country which is. itself, a mile or more above sea level
8
mlum was 1.36 cent per pound. The condition has been largely due to the fact that Canadian Cheddars are considered second only to best farm-made English and Scotch Cheddar by many British consum-
Tourist Trade Up Britons Eat Lots As Dollar Drops Of Canada’s
Cheese
)
i

Decline in value of the Canadian dollar In the United States is understood to have caused a large decrease in Canadian travel to that country, although figures have not been received yet from the United States immigration authorities.
But tourists from United States have entered Canadr. In increasingly large numbers. Immigration authorities at Ottawa said last week that while returns are not complete, the influx of American travellers was much greater in July and August as compared with the same period In 1938.
Increased travel from the United States In recent weeks is due not only to the appreciated value of United States money in Canada but to war conditions which prevented many holidaying Americans from going to Europe, immigration officials said.
ers.
Want Matured Extra-Quality
I It meet** their requirement of f quality.
I The report states further that "the Canadian position would apI pear to be comparatively satisfac-I tory. Home pr:duction is Indicated I to be less than in 1938, and conI sumption slightly Increased, due, it I is suggested, to some extent, to the I present program of military train-I Ing. There would seem to be some I opoprtunity " more well-matured I extra quality Canadian Cheddars I finding favour with consumers who I in the past have demanded high 1 quality bome-prcjuced farmhouse Cheddar. Present production of the latter is very limited, and Canadian Is the only type capable of taking Its place."
It Meets Their Requirement of Quality — Canadian Cheddar Ranks Second in British Favor
Z
4. Blessed are they that mourn: for they shall be comforted. Christ refers here to those who feel, who are sensitive to the griefs and joys of others. 5. Blessed are the meek: for they shall inherit the earth. Meekness is here given place as the first of the social virtues. It is the grace which opposes patient gentleness to hatred, injury or antagonism.
Striving for Something Better
6.	Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled. It is remarkable that it is the hunger and thirst for righteousness, and not the possession of it, that is pronounced blessed. Such a longing ia sure to induce the person who feels it to strive hard for the object of his desire. We ought never to be cotent with our moral and spiritual condition. We must ever have a hunger and a thirst for something better.
7.	Blessed are the merciful; for they shall obtain mercy. Mercy Is more than meekness. It is really love in exercise to the needy, especially the unworthy. It embraces pity, charitable forbearance, and is revealed in acts, in words, in tears. Poverty of spirit, sorrow, hunger after righeousness, bring deep experiences of God’s gentle forbearance and bestowing love, and will make us like him in proportion as they aie real. 8. Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God. Cleanness of mind and sincerity of purpose are implied here. The attitude of the will here is all-important, and is the key to the possession. Only the pure in heart can stand in the inner circle and see God’s face.
Peace To A Troubled Soul
9. Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called sons of God. We might define
V
s
%
N.

/
Total consumption of cheese of all kinds Is much higher in the United Kingdom than In most other countries, amounting to an annual average of approximately 426,000,000 pounds. Imports of cheese into the United Kingdom in 1938 .totalled 2,928,114 cwts. of which New Zealand supplied 1,639,* 486 cwts. and Canada 678,130 cwts. In reporting this to the Department of Trade and Commerce. G. R. Paterson, Acting Canadian Animal Products Trade Commissioner at London states that, "Canadian Cheddar cheese enjoys a premium over othei^imported cheese of this type. During 1938 the average pre-
TOKEN OF TODAY
HORIZONTAL
1 Token of today.
• It is named after a martyr
10	Effigy.
11	Species.
12	Trigons.
15 And.
18	Company.
19	Myself.
21	Through a , this
token commemorates a saint’s day.
22	Nerve sedative
24	Spread of an arch.
25	Dull.
28 Provided.
30 To pass.
34 Musical note.
NTHONY
Coffee grounds are now used for making soap in Germany.
[DEN

Wheat Crop Spurs Trade Out West
13 Chemical term.
«
J
NOTES
RADIO
14 Dowry.
16	Blemish.
17	Mugs.
18	To hanker after.
19	Chinese sedge.
20	Onager.
21	Grinding tooth.
22	Started.
23	Northeast.
24	Tone B.
25	Pair.
26	Before.
27	Journeys.
29 Line.
31 Electrical
»
/
I
Buying of Implements and Domestic Needs Already Swel-
NEWS
AND
li"S
By MADGE ARCHER
43	To total.
44	Neuter pronoun.
45	Opposed to dead.
47 Knife.
56	Painter’s frame.
57	It is generally 35 Shovels.
36 To live again.
39	Watch device.
40	Made of steel, 42 Split.
46	Go on (music)
47	Os.
48	Foretoken.
49	To droop.
50	To drive out
52	Eccentric wheel.
53	Sun god.
55	Jumbled type.
56	Ell.
NOTES AND NEWS
A new program "Ballet Music", symphony orchestra devoted to music written for the ballet has been added to the CBC schedule on Friday evenings at 9:30 pm., (CBL) ... On Saturday afternoon, October 21st, over all networks American and Canadian football will be the order of the day . . . Toscanini will broadcast the second in his series of concerts with the NBC orchestra on Saturday evening October 21st, from 10:00 to 11:30 p.m. over CBL ... On Sunday afternoon at 3:00 over CFRB the New York Philharmonic with John Barbarolli conducting will be heard ... at 9:00 o'clock James Melton will be the guest on the Sunday evening hour over CFRB . . . Tune-up Time and Radio Theatre are the highlights for Monday evening at 8:00 and 9:00 p.m., respectively over CFRB . . . On Tuesday — at 8:00 over CFRB Edward Q. Robinson continues his adventures In Big Town,” : t 8:30 CBL offers Information Please . . . Wednesday, Jeanne Desjardins will be guest soloist on Serenade for Strings at 9:00 again over CBL, and Percy Faith and his sophisticates are heard In rhythm at 9:30 p.m., CBL . . . Thursday evening is another big event night, especially over CBL. At 8:00 p.m. the Barbours present life In One Man's Family, at 9:00. Walter Huston emcee's Good News of 1940, with Fanny Brice. Roland Young and Meredith Willson.
OUR OWN SYMPHONIC HOUR
Canada will have a symphonic hour of its own this winter. A regular series, sponsored by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, will be inaugurated on Tuesday, October 23rd, when the Toronto
Symphony Orchestra will broadcast the opening concert. Les Concerts Symphoniques de Montreal, will be heard on the following Tuesday, then alternating with the Toronto orchestra. The broadcasts will be from actual halls during the performances of the regular orchestra program. Orchestra managers are planning their concerts In order to fit the programs to the times of the broadcasts — hence each broadcast will be complete in Itself for listeners.
NEW COMEDY HIT
Standard Brands seem to have found the comedy spot which they have been looking for to balance Charlie McCarthy on the Chase & Sanborn Hour, within their own studios. Barbara Jo Allen several years Beth Holly of One Man's Family serial story to you— has on the side been quietly developing a comedy routine of her own —which she shyly asked one day to have auditioned. The result was a guest appearance on the Chase and Sanborn Hour. Miss Allen's characterization of Vera Vague — the fluttery spinster who will go on talking to anyone who will or will not listen.
The wealth of Western Canada’s 1939 wheat crop has begun to make itself felt in the retail trade centres of the Prairie Provinces.
A preliminary estimate indicates that the new crop will £:ur more than $246,000,000 into the pockets of prairie producers. The appraisal Is based on the last Government survey which estimated Western Canada's wheat yield at 432,561,000 bushels.
58 To essay.
VERTICAL
1	Empty.
2	Entertainer.
3	Mouth.
4	Being.
5	Negative.
6	Heathen god.
7	New star.
8	Pitcher. •
9	Senior.

?
&
50	Single thing.
51	Prima donna.
52	This missive may be a
I
•t

unit.

type.
32	Lard.
33	Sheaf.
35 Senior.
37 North Africa. 33 Tendons.
41 By.
53	Impolite.
54	Occupant of Eden.
55	Switchboard compartment.
Farmers Buying Machinery Many farmers who have finished storing their grain or who have completed delivery to country elevators and terminals, are turning to towns and cities to replenish their stocks of machinery, cloth-
ities.
peace
roughly as the effect of God’s nearness to an untroubled conscience producing the sense of forgiveness, moral tranquility, of jealousy overcome. 10. Blessed they	been
for righteousness’ sake: for theirs | has not been as brisk as it was last is the	iie
Blessed are ye when men shall reproach you, and persecute you, and say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. 12. Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets that were before you. However great the loss and suffering persecution produces, it is blessed because of the compensation it brings in the purifying and enrichment of the character. It tries the Christian faith, and brings out its finest qualities.
Effect* of Christian Character
13. Ye are the salt of the e..rth: but if the salt have lost its savor, wherewith shall it be salted? it is thenceforth good for nothing, but to be cast out and trodden under foot of men. Salt keeps things from going rotten (especially in ! rlimates like Galilee). Jesus’ disciples were to be the custodians )f moral health, to keep community life from going rancid. 14. 1 Ye are the light of the world. A | city set on a hill cannot be hid. ,
16. Neither do men light a lamp, ( and put it under the bushel, but : on the stand; and it shineth to all men that are in the house. 16.
Even so let your light shine before men ; that they may see your gerd works, and glorify your Father : who is in heaVen. The value of • a light is illumination. The truly Christian life should light up all around it, by showing men what would result if all the world were ; obedient to the throne of God. It will help people who are groping m darkness.
ing and other neceas Farm implement and machinery dealers report that while business
are
/
year, sales are picking up and are
expected to reach satisfying levels before long.
Railways Benefit Mail order houses also are benefiting from the promising crop which is filling farm purs os all throughout the west. A large mall order firm advises that it has now found it necessary to hire additional help to cope with the rush of the business.
Railways which are moving the wheat from farm communities to terminal elevators at the head of the Great Lakes are employing hundreds of extra men. Pay cheques of steady employees have been fattened with overtime entries.
I
*


for
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—A Vintage Joke
r<
YOULL LIKE THIS JOKE - I’VE HAD IT IN MY HEAD TFN YEARS/
AGED IN THE WOOD,
EH ?
EDITOR

Cl
V
n

V

r W&

I




\
V
«ht 1919 by The Bell ftyni
7-
tr
ate, Ine.t




ill

»
II
L

I
• »
• II
II

<

s
•v"


i
\
»
»

«

h
\
tv
r
*

v

t i ;

V
ft ¦
"Gen Sue
ukiS
E tâïiffiMQ
BBÏSe uTZB
U L« > L» V lx=
alSSSSiii
SSflG	3
auutt uBS 1
u'AXiïs gm
iiSSuïiij wan f£
u u3G
• U ''
VA


11*
a«
æs»
»•
StiE.il*

###PAGE###7###
records, latt year completing a on test with 844 pounds of (at from 21,688 pounds of milk. Her sire Is a qualified record of performance bull and her dam is from a Geld Medal cow with a 305-day record of 646 pounds of fat front 18,266 pounds of milk.
Iona Station Cow Leads All Canada
SCOUTING
yw

What Science

"WORTH REACHING IN FOR/"
Fermer world’s heavyweight boxing champion Gene Tunney has been elected to the Executive Board of the Boy Scout Foundation of Greater New York.
0-
e
IS
*
Is Record Per#
i
)
“Lena" a Holstein-Fries*
V
Doing *
Produced 874 Potmdk «I
$
V5
Your first pipeful of Dixie Plug will convince you that it goes further snd lasts longer too
England’s Ant King George could not apeak our language.
A summer visitor to Canada y as Juke Waterman, a Dutch Boy Scout from near Amsterdam, who across to meet Saskatoon

SPROUTED CRAIN HELPS RESIST INFECTION
Sprouted grain is seen as a possible contribution to alleviating human Ills by aiding resistance to infectious disease.
Dr. Oscar Erf, head of testing and research at Ohio State Uni-‘ varsity, asserts that a “germinated seed diet tends to make human beings, as well as animals, less susceptible to tuberculosis, maetl-, tis and undulant fever."
Experiments on cows, fed on a diet of sprouted grain, show that theh productive life span has been ^increased almost one-fourth of ? their total life. ,
F. W. Miller, Iona Station, Ont, ha# received a record of perform certificate from the Federal Department <t Agriculture for the oow. Glenview Abbekerk Lena, a member of hie pure-t>red Hols tela-Frie#Lan herd. As an eight-y "Lena" produced in 861 days 174 pound# of fat from 21,011 pounds of milk on twlce-a-day milking, her average buttertat test was 4.14 per cent. This was the higheet record reported from any part of the Dominion duriig the month of September on twice-a-day milking and second regardless of number of milkings. She led a class of ty-three mature cows in her own section.
i-Ç7
cam#	. magpegpmpeae,...
“pen pals” with whom he had been
corresponding for some years.
auoe
DRINK -As. HOT WATER
~Lt IMS#! Ik* eullMI Wiites,
To your dally cup oI hot water, add thr "juice ot the 10 herbs to Garfield Tea and you not only "waeh out" internally but
---zH loosen the hard to get.
1	L of wastes which cling
FREfc
CAMPLE • I makes hot watei toe-
TwI Muda^k„^
6f •' Ins..	J /0c 4 25c of druggtouu
By arrangements announced in August, all French Boy Scouts over 14 years of age were at the disposal of the French Agricultural Ministry to assist in harvest operations.
When a Boy Scout of Bishop-stope, England, climbed a 60-foot ivy-covered church tower to rescue a cat, he found it impossible to descend with the animal loners spliced several ladders In order to rescue Scout and cat.
Boy Scouts of St. Marys, Ont., during the past summer provided life guards and swimming instructors at the local swimming pool. First aid was also rendered chil-dred who suffered cuts and bruises on the rough concrete walls. A notice in the local paper advised parents to direct their children, in case of cuts, to report to a Scout for first aid treatment, as a precaution against infection.
A stout bit of backwoods first aid was that performed by Atchie Macdonald, a former Patrol Leader of the 1st Fort Erie, Ont., Scout Troop, and a companion, while prospecting in the rough country north of Timmins. Coming upon another prospector gravely wounded by the accidental discharge of a rifle, Macdonald rendered first aid, improvised s stretcher, and with the help of his companion, bore the wounded man 27 miles through the bush to Timmins Hospital.
id
PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO
wore drawing your last breath,"
the chances are you should have said "Maybe you're right” and just thrown the offending lipstick Into the waste basket.
Better Able to Judge
Perhaps Just because men don't know "what they are wearing" and what Is "smart this season" they are better able than women to Judge whether a color or a style becomes one particular woman.
Then, too, remember that husbands are extremely critical. After all It is their wires who either look beautiful and are a credit to them or who miss the mark and ate not.
was
GflRÜElD TEP
Pari sh-
Twice-A-Day Milking Lena" has three previous R.O.P
Dept.
1 C lo*e A * r.» Tureele 8. <
RIB REMOVAL AND BLOOD PRESSURE
Yielding part of a rib may bring relief from high blood pressure.
Dr. Max Peet of Michigan University told the Kansas City Southwest Medical Clinic he has found the best treatment is removal of part df the 11th rib and cutting of nerves connected with bl"~J vessels that lead to the kidneys.
He said the operation is not a “cure-all" for the disease but that of 194 patients so treated in six years 76 per cent, had gained complete or almost complete relief from symptoms of high blood pressure and 46 per cent, had shown definite improvement.
HaveYonHeaid
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING
Patrick was accused of stealing a neighbor's pig.
"Well , now, Patrick," said the judge, “when you are brought face to face with Widow ^faloney and her pig on Judgment Day, what account will you be able to give of yourself when she accuses you of stealing?"
"You said the pig would be there, sir?" said Pat. "Well, then, I'll just say: 'Mrs. Maloney, there’s your pig'!"
USED FlRNITCHf
AGENTS WANTED
LYONS
TRADE - IN DEPARTMENT
• nil
AGENT TO SELL MEN'S NECKties for 25 cents each, 100 per cent profit Murgatroyd Agencies. Yonge Street Arcade. Toronto.
lONGE STREET, TORONTO CLEARANCE VALE OF RECONDITIONED FI'RNITLRK
This Is a splendid opportunity te buy really good reconditioned furniture at a fraction of Its real value. Listed are a few of the outstanding values picked at random from our enormous stock.
CHESTERFIELD SPECIALS 3-piece Suite, brown repp ¦¦Jggggllarshall reversible cfc
3-plece Suite, velour cover, 1 Z.jU Marshall reversible spring
cushions.	. .	_ .
1 ( aa Large brown mohair Suit*
1 J.UU figured reversible MarshaU cushions
478
Nurseries." Exclusive territory In town or country. Liberal terms paid weekly. Handsome free outfits. Stone and Wellington. Tor onto.	._______ -
How To Keep
A Cat Happy
8.95
AH1TCLE8 FOII SALE
Every self-respecting . cat likes to keep her claws in the ftnaet condition—even the apartment cat that seldom gets a chance to scratch a tree. Give her a sturdy, short post, with the bark left on, mounted upright on a firm base, and you’ll save money on slipcovers and upholstery. An old throw rug or piece of discarded carpet which she will soon discover is her very own will keep kitty contented, too.
ver
GERM-FREE BABIES
Germ-free babies in germ-free rooms are the latest wrinkle in medical science to be developed in Toronto. Curtains of ultraviolet light screen tiny infants from bacteria at the Hospital for Sick Children; and how it is done was explained to hospital administrators recently by Dr. Elizabeth C Robertson.
Six cubicles without doors have been built in the hospital, Dr. Robertson said. In place of the doors, batteries of ultra-violet ray lamps pour a steady barrage of germ-killing light across the opening. Inside each cubicle is a baby, securely protected from infection, for the ultra-violet" rays destroy 99 per cent, of the bacteria borne into the room by circulation of the
Teacher (brightly): A# we walk out of doors oa a coM winter’s morning and look about us, what do we see
BARGAINS, $4.16 UP; ; Bicycles $10. up; 1res, guaranteed, illustrated _cata-Toronto
RADIUS
Stoves $5.95 up Automobile T $1.75 up. Free logue mailed.	w
Radio, 111 Dundas West, Toronto
every hand?"
Smart 3-piece Suite repp
19.50
réversible Marshall
Class (as a man): "Gloves/*
REBUILT INTERNATIONAL PD40 Diesel Power Unit, complete. One T-20 International Crawler Tractor with wide treads — like new. Priced for quick sale. Apply Hanna's International Sales. Guelph, Ontario.
cushions
3-piece Suite in blue velour. Marshall spring cush-Beautiful 3-piece in novel» ty repp figured reversible
Marshall cushions.
ty figured reversible Mar»
17.50
24.50
"Down where 1 live," said the Windsor man, "we grew a pumpkin so big that when we cut it my wife used one-half of it for a cradle."
' "Well," smiled the man from Toronto, “that’s nothing. A few days ago, right here, two full-grown policemen were found asleep on one beet.”
shall cushions ions
Modern E tiquette
17 BALL BEARING DOUBLE HEAD grain grinder, 1927 White steam -traction engine. C. A. Holgate, Cannlngton. Ontario.______________
6 Suite», assorted velour and repp covers, Marshall
32.50
spring cushions.
BEDROOM FI HAITI ME
Large dresser steel bed, sagless spring and new mattress.
TQ nn Bedroom Suite, dresser.
UU chiffonier, bed, spring and new mattress. Perfect
Floor sample. bleached Suite in walnut finish, dresser, chiffonier and full size bel. Regular 169.00
Beautiful solid walnut Suite, large dresser, chlfc foner. full size bed. magless spring and new mattress. Completely r#» finished
Canadian National Railways Revenues
The gross revenue of the all-inclusive Canadian National Railways System for the 9-day period ending September 80, 1939, were $7,520,260, as compared with $5,994,964 for the corresponding period of 1988, an increase-of $1,-•626,306..;
SimmonS
18.50
BY ROBERTA LEE
A HE iOl IX MISERY!
WHITE OINTMENT — A NEW quick relief from irritating Piles. Highly recommended. Money back If not satisfactory. 75 cents a Jar. White Manufacturing Company, Box 164. Toronto, Ontario._____________
1.	How should a maid hold a dish as she presents it at the table?
2.	Should a man hand his coat to a woman to hold while he dons
A new slant om the «W
49.00
adage: One man's less is ae other
m # umbrella
air
it?
59.00
EDUCATIONAL
A soldier went to his colonel and asked for leave to go home to help his wife with her fall house-
"I don’t like to refuse you/’ said the colonel, "but I’ve just received a letter from your wife saying that you are no use around the house.”
The soldier saluted and turned
go
turned and remarked:
"Colonel, there are two persons in this regiment who handle the truth loosely, and I’m one of them. I’m not married."
3.	When a young woman is introducing herself socially, should she say, "I am Miss Gibson/’ or “I am Edna Gibson”?
4.	When disagreeing with another's opinion is it permissible tie say, "No, it is nothing of the kind,” or “That is where you are entirely wrong”?
6. Is it customary for a house guest to bring his hostess some kind of gift?
6. What would be the smallest menu one should have for an after-theatre supper?
STUDENTS NUW ENROLLING FUR Courses in Matriculation, Short Story, Journalism. Advertising. Shorthand and ""Speech Culture. Make use of your spare time. Write today. Canadian Correspondence College (established 1902), 229 Yonge Su Toronto.
- Education Should
Discipline Mind
Beautiful (Jacques) walnut Suite (cost new 250.) large dresser, vanity, chiffonier, full slaa bed. eagles» spring and new mattress
69.00
/
Modern Suite In 2 tone wale nut finish (coat new SM.I large dresser and vanity with large Venetian mirrors, chiffonier, bench, full else bed. sagless spring and a new mattress. Perfect f. QC AND UP. Large assortment xj.yj dressers In all styles and finishes.
6 Commodes in oak and walnut finish.
DINING ROOM SUIT*9
Solid oak Suite. buffeL table and 6 leather seat
75.00
Principal of Queen’s University Expresses Doubts About The Absence of Hard Work m Today’s Schooling — Mould To Individual Needs
How Can I ?
EDI CATIONÀL
At the door he stopped,
RETARDED GIRLS' SCHOOL-home," Helen Badgley Roller. M.
Port Dalhousie. academics, crafts, speech, recreation.
BY ANNE ASHI 6V
Q. How can I test the purity of
the air in a room?
A. Pour some lime water into a glass. If a thin, white scum forma top, there is an excess of carbonic acid in the air and a need of more ventilation.
Q. How can I make a good substitute for baking powder?
A. Mix W -teaspoon of soda with 1%-teaspoon of cream of tartar. This solution is equal to 2 teaspoons of baking powder.
Q. How can I whiten and purify a sponge?
A. Scak the sponge in milk and thoroughly rinse in warm water with a little carbolic acid.
Q. How can I cause coal to burn better, and also produce less soot in the chimney and flues?
A. A suggested treatment is that as soon as the coal has been placed in the bin, pour a btrong solution of salt and water over it. Wait until the coal has drained before using, as wet coal has a tendency to bum out the grate bars and fire-pot.
Q. How can I prevent soap from entering my eyes when giving myself a shampoo?
A. Before the shampoo, grease the area around the eyes with vaseline or cold cream.
very
2.95
Expressing doubts whether the present educational system was entirely Justifying itself and asserting that only through education can permanent peace come to the world, Dr. R. C. Wallace, principal of Queen’s University, In an address at Montreal last week declared that education needed to be lots more closely moulded to Individual needs. But by making education more interesting, valuable discipline to the mind was lost. Education would ultimately make people hate, not other people, but things. Then they could destroy the evil things, not the people themselves, and wars would end, he prophe-
l.XKI.ASi: YOt It EARNINGS
EARN DOLLARS READING YOUR newspapers brings Information and surprises K. Rembe. 527 King SL W„ Ham • 111on. Ontario.
17.50
Dime and stamp
A
••Why do you call your boy frioud •Pilgrim’ V
"Because every time be calls he makes e lUtle progress.”
chairs
on
Perfectly matched 8-piece Suite,	buffet.	extension
table and 6 leather seat chairs IS walnut finish.
Beautiful 9-piece solid oak Suite, in perfect condltie*, china cabinet, extension
24.50
1. The dish should be held flat on the palm of the left hand, and presented at the left of the guest. If the dish is hot, a napkin can be used as a pad underneath. 2. He might be privileged to do ao if one arm is paralyzed, or he is suffering severely with rheumatism. Otherwise it would be a very presumptuous gesture. 8. She should say, T am Edna Gibson.” 4. No; a well-bred person will never make such blunt contradictions. One may say, ”1 don’t believe I can agree with you,” or, "Well it seems to me (so and so).” 5. Yes, It is often done, but not absolutely necessary. The bread-and-butter letter is really all that is expected and required. 6. One hot dish, such as chicken a la king or creamed oysters, a nice salad, and coffee.
MEDICAL
39.00
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—WRITE for free booklet and full particulars regarding our amasingly successful by blood Pedigreed Products Mask.	___
buffet.
table and 6 leather seat chairs.
Modern Suite In rich wo!»
PBHHmut finish square extension table and 6 upholstered chairs.
Beautiful 9-plece Suite la rich, two-tone walnut finish. buffet, china cabinet, extension table and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
Pay Attention To Advice of Spouse
A Woman Needs to Pay Heed To Her Husband’s Criticism Of Her Looks
59.00
buffet
leather
large
Saskatoon
69.00
NURSERY STOCK FOR SALE
HARDI APPLE TREES—56 CENTS each. Canada# Lowest Priced Nursery. Growing leading varieties Fruit Trees. Ornamental#. Write immediately requesting sensational offerings. Tobe • Treery, Niagara-on-the-Lake. Ont.
English oak Suite In perfect condition, large buffeL extension table, china cabinet and • leather upholstered chairs. (Cent
new 250.).
Solid walnut Suite, buffet china cabinet, extension and 6 leather upholstered
79.00
sled
The woman who turns a deaf ear to her husband's suggestions about her looks or clothes may be on the wrong track. And that is not just because It behooves a woman to cater to the taste of the man In her life.
It Is also because a man. If he is Interested enough In how his wife looks to notice and comment — be of great help to a woman In Hading out Just what things are lor her. and what things are not.
When you lgnofed your husband's "That lipstick Is ghastly. It makes you look < as though you
85.00
Peace Through Education Dr. Wallace said that the purpose of education was "the development of those qualities with which nature has endowed each individual, and also to add to that body of men and women whose business It is to help in the great task of moral, social and spiritual regeneration of the world in which we live."
He thought that up to now, educationists might have failed Just through making education more interesting. in that it had become less exacting than a generation
table
chairs
OFFER TO IXV EX TOR*
2	Suites, one English oak and one solid walnut, both in perfect condition. 9 pieces, re*. $350. value. Completely refinished.
AND UP. Large a «sort ment China Cabinet» in oak ant walnut. Perfect condition.
KITCHEN FURNITURE
Kitchen Cabinet with eliding porcelain top
99.00
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co. Registered, Patent Attorneys. Bank Street. Ottawa. Canada.
273
13.95
PERSONAL
11.95
c
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF, EASILY, Inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials. Guaranteed. Advice free. Bartlett's, Box 1. Winnipeg
can
pletely reflnished
Insects are the greatest foes mankind has. They cause half the deaths, and annually destroy food sufficient to feed 200,000,000 peo-
3	Cabinets, porcelain eliding tops, roll fronts, perfect condition. White enamel and oak finish.
13.95
PHOTOGRAPHY
6 piece Breakfast Suit drop leaf table. 4 chaire and smart buffet, in enamel finishes
14.50
pie
NOW lb THE TIME TO LET US make reprints from your Summer Snaps, and order your Christmas ds. Prints 1 cts. each. Cards 10
i per dosen. ostal card or esorts.
Smart 6-plece walnut finish Suite, buffet table and 4 chairs, completely rsfiie-ished.
ago
17.50
drop leaf
Necessity Brings Back To Favor Bicycle-built-for-1wo
"It takes really hard work to discipline the mind, and yet somehow we seem to have forgotten that It must be done." he declared.
car
cents each, 75 cents Special prices for p ders for Summer It post card enlargement If your or der le over 20 cents. W. A. Starn aman Company, Weber Street Kitchener. Ontario
S and 4 burner Gas Stoves In perfect condition.
SPECIAL
Large assortment of factory conds In new Rugs, Axminstera^ Wiltons, Broadlooms tries. All sises Priced from
Money-back Guarantee of satisf tion. Write for our free Illustra catalogue of new and recondltloi Furniture showing hundreds other outstanding values.
5.95
? Si
: m

fcj
Canada’s production of sugar of all kinds in 1938 amounted to 1,048,462,618 pounds, an increase of 17,909,159 pounds over 1987.
A kitten was bom at a farm one mile east of Faust, Alta., with five toe» on one front foot, six on the other, and six and seven toes, respectively, on the rear feet.


1
n
2.50 to 40.00
PUPPIES
3
CHOW CHOW PUPPIES — USDS, blacks, registered Ku Chow Kennel». Dixie, Ontario — Port Credit 2368.
9
r




r.
Ife
LYONS
TRADE - IN DEPARTMENT
\ \ %
SBWIXG MACHINES * lUmJl*


i

PARTS AND REPAIRS. ANY make, write for prices on new or reconditioned machines. IS years' experience — A Gilbert, *61 Yonge Street. Toronto.
47» YONGE STREET, TORONTO
(One I*leek North of Celle*#) Open Es eel
t
mm
if



VU
à
7
Hundreds of
Wireless Operators Needed
DOMINION GOVERNMENT NOW Calling urgently for trained opera»
graduate» now In re*ponsible podK tion» with R.C.M.P., KX\Ol Trans-Canada Airways. Dept, el Transport, Marconi Co., etc.
particulars of pro
evening

CREAM WANTED
1
STAMP*
BARGAINS — NEWFOUNDLAND. Canadian Province», and Royal Visit Stamps. Mi»» Cola. Granville Ferry, NS._______________
We arc paying a real high price for cream P.O.B., Toronto. Write for particulars
and cans.
i
)

UH-TD TIRES

The Toronto Creamery
(X*)D USED TIRES. ALL SIZES.
Inquiries Invited e. 1611 Dundee W
For full training course and clauses, write

The United F Co-Operative Ce Ltd. Duke and George Streets TORONTO, Ontario
re
Lowest prit Brock * —- T

lo these day? of conservation of resources in moat European countries, a bicycle built for tw its own The use of motor cars is considerably curteiled in Italy, thus savin* gasoline, and a wedding pa ty leaving St. Peter’s Cathedral in Rome, the bride and groom leading, and the rest ef the wed
ty following, all using
T
is commg into e picture shows
RADIO LIM.I.FGE OF CANADA 54 BLOOR ST. WEST, TORONTO
For over 10 years a leading orga sation ef Its kind In Canada.
Issue No. 42 — 39
pa
###PAGE###8###
Look Hero
Winners In the Plowing Match Held In Campbell s Bay October 11th, 1939
For Sale, Wants,
Lost ole.
FOR SALE-Gentleman'* Otter Coat in go oil condition. Size 12. Apply to NM. F. H. Mvu.nun, Wyman, Qge.
Found
A A
FURS
The third an nun 1 plowing match tv as held by Pontine Plowmens Association at David Lima in'* farm, Campbell'* Hay, on Wednesday. Some 40U attended, although the weather was cold and blustery.
The following won prizes: -
Class 1, boy a under 17 years of age, plain plow—Karl Brown.
Class 2. boys 17 to 20 years inclusive, plain plow — 1st Henry Derouin ; 2nd Clement Sloan,
Class 3. men 21 years and over, one furrmv, plain—1st Clifford Donnolly ; 2nd Irvine Shea ; 3rd Jos. Quinn.
Class 1. men 21 years and over, one furrow, plain plow, who have never won a prize for plowing— Ta ne redo Tremblay.
Classes 3 and 0, no com pod i tors.
Clas« 7. boys any age up to 21 years inclusive, who never plowed at a plowing match before—1st H Horigins ; 2nd Simon Corrivesu ; 3rd Homelus La «aile ;	4 th Leo
O'Brien and 3th Leo McGee.
Class 8, tractors, operated by farmers, their sons and employees —Kiic Brown,
Best Crown, classes 1 or 2 Henry Derouin.
Best Finish, classes 1 or 2- Hem y Derouin,
Best Crown, classes, 3, I, 5, A— Clifford Donnelly.
Best Finish, classes 3, 1, 3, 0 -Clifford Donnelly.
Best Outfit, any class (Team and Harness to be considered) Silver Trophy for annual eometition A. G. Pro ltd foot won by Daniel Shea.
FURS



>
NOTICE

Sk.i
fit*

FOR SALK-Pair of 2-year old Perch cron#, mare and gelding ; 3 and 4 year-old Percherons, gch I lugs. All dark grey and well matched. Apply to Cm vis Smant. R. 2. Shnwvlîle. Phone 19 1.
1 have made arrangements with a most reliable Fur House, of Ottawa, to handle their fur coats. The variety of styles and the choiceness of qualities in these furs make up a lot which has a garment to suit every taste. To those interested in buying fur coats I would suggest that you get in touch with me by phone, by mail, or by coming in the store. Fur Prices are rising rapidly and now is the time to make your buy
IN CANADA
J)ti dfjfUa-TUna.
RIGHT NOW !
I

FOR SALE—A few registered Ayrshire cow* and heifers, due to freshen this Full, (accredited and free listed) ; also one Percheron foal, six months old. Aprdy to Gordon Richardson, R. I, Shaw ville. Phone 13 -30.



l ()It SALE — One Blood Foal, four months old, hay. Sired hy Brownie-Apply to H. 1. Smith. Maryland, Que Phone H. 13,

Il I IICY* perfectly • ripened Canadian apples J are In , , . An sh from Canada's hues! orchards! Plenty of them, too—those that normally would be exported overseas, as well as our own usual, generous supply. And—thanks to the higher minimum grade requirement there are greater-thnn-average qualities of the finer, fancier, h/ghcr-groWe eating apples.
So. all through this year’s apple season, order liberal quantities of Canadian gpples . . . for eating, cooking, entertaining . . . and for jellying and preserving. You'll enjoy them immensely—and you’ll lx doing your country a SERVICE at the same time.
And remember, Canadian apples are Government Graded. Aak to see the grade-mark on the container when >ou buy!
FARM WANTED to rent or work ... shares. With or without stock. Apply to U MARK!) LAVnHHEN, Charter!* Que.
on
«V
I I
FOR SALE—One Bell Piano In goof condition, will sell cheap. Apply to Sr*. A. M< K.vjuht, Almonte, Ont.
Sincerely.
NORRIS HORNER.
FOR RENT — Comfortable dwelling house, on the Oth Line. South of the village limits. For further particulars apply to .1. C. or W. J. Hayks, Shawville.
Shawville, Quebec
FOR SALE-One pair Belgian foals; three colts, rising two years ; one dark grey mare, rising four years ; one eight ye.u old mare. Apply to Clifford Horxkr, R. R. No. 1, Shawville. Phone 15 10,
Mmrkrling Sertir*
DOMINION DEPARTMENT OF AC.RlCVLTVItE.
OTTAm K
^ Honourmbie Jmme*	l'-*r diner, Minister
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
- Sm iAi-s —
Men Wanted
You'll like being a Fumilex man. Earn easy money In a district previously covered.«telling the best line of dally necessities on the market. For further information and Free Catalogue : FAM1LEX, .">7U St. Clement. Montreal.
Casses 1 and 2, best ridge, plowman under 21, silver cup for animal competition donated by T J. More1 d—won by Henry Derouin ; 2nd prize, 1 bag of Hour donated J. O. Laflaiume won by Karl Brown.
Class 2. be*t ridge. 1 bag of Hour donated by Lawn Bros — won by Henry Derouin.
Any class, best ridge, silver 1 trophy donated by K. C. Lawn, j M L.A.—won by Clifford Donnelly; 2nd prize, 1 bag of Hour donated by >V. R. McDonald, M.r,—won by Irvine Shea.
( lav* 3, Best ridge, silver biead
tray donated by	¦¦¦¦
won by Clifford prize, $5 00 to be HHHH purchase of any J. 1. Case Implement through the donor J. A Tracy—won by Irvine Shea.
Class 1, best ridge, man's )iat donated by A. llislop— won i by Tancrede Tremblay.	j
Classes 5 and 0, no eonmeditor*.
Class 7, best ridge. 15 00 donated by Donat Leguerrier, Notary — won by W. B. Hod gins ; 2nd prize $5 iX) to be applied on the purchase of any Massey Harris Implement | through Roland Elliott— won by Simon Corriveau ; 3 prize, 15 00 to be applied on the purchase of any J. I. Case I m pi i ment through J. A. Tracy—won by Romelus Lasalle ; 4th prize, $5 (XI to be applied ou the purchase of any Massey-Harris through the donor, • R. Klliott— won by Leo O’Brien ; 5th prize, large aluminum pan, donated by by Sam s Bargain Store—won by Leo McGee ; Will prize, 1 ten pound tin of dri kit, donated by Co-operative Wool Growers — won by Harry Mousseau ; 7th prize, 1 box of groceries, donated by National Grocers—won by Pat Cunningham.
Class 8, best ridge, silver tea pot, donated by Robert Simpson Co. Ltd.—won by Eric Brown.
SERVr
APPLES DAILY
81
AND
boa
YOU SERVE OUR COUNTRY
Monuments in Marble and Granite
r
TOO
BUY BY GRADE - BUY WITH CONFIDENCE
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
Rog 6. Fraser
Flowers, Gifts, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 888 Phone 160
FOR SALE
Elmside Women s Institute
Phone, 278
For immediate shipment only and *uh ect to prior sale 1,(410sheets 'TITE LAP’ • ill;in:/*¦'!	1 Roofing,
H 1STKRX STEELE PRODUCTS Liiu. 1335 Deloriinter Avenue , |
Montreal, Quel>tc
An enjoyable meeting of the Eliuside Womens Institute was held at the home of Mrs George j Meldrum on Wednesday after j noon, October ISth, with the pre-i j dent, Mrs. W. J. Murray in ehaige ! i There was a good attendance of I members and fifteen visitors.
cemetery Donation.
Sunday, ^October 29th will be report of the semi annual eon veil nnsdonary*fl«ld day in the United tion held at Pine Lodge, Out. I2ils. churches of Pontiac County when An interesting talk on Municipal w the missionary programme of the Law was given by Mayor J. N church will he presented to all the MvLellan.
congregations In the district by a The meeting closed by hinging special deputation of speakers the “Maple Leaf For Ever’» after from the city. The plan arranged which delicious refreshments were is as) follows|: -Cecil Morrison, of served by the hostess.
Ottawa, will speak at the services in Wyman, North Onslow, Qnyon )ahm*. of and Beecbgrove ; Dr. Gillis hadie,
Rev B B medical missionary just returned
will speak at St.
Bristol, at 11a.m. and
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
T. Ha ton Ci Donnelli ; :
applied
9-
2nd
on it lie
h
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We invite your patronage. On orders of $1.00 or over, phone us collect. On orders of $5.00 or over phene us collect and we shall prepay.
Maple Grove
MARRIED
United Church Missionary Field Day
Dahms-Patterson
Wesley United Church, Montre al was decorated with chrysanthemums
for the wedding celebrated at 3 00 o'clock Saturday afternoon, Oct.
21, 1939, of Miss Christine May Patterson, BBS , daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H, La Mert S. Patterson, and Mr. Clarence Edgar (Cyril)
Dahms. B Sc , Agr , son of Mr. and Mrs. Eberhardt Carl Dahms Thorne Centre, Que.	I HI	I
Brown officiated at the double ring .«from China, ceremony and Mr. J. G. XV. Kendall Andrew’s, presided at the organ. Miss)Ruth at Stark's Corners at 3 p.m : H. XX .
Where E'er Yon Mix, head ot the <)ttawa Laymen's
Xssociation will speak at Radford the morning, Murrells and
Mrs. John F. Dale
$2.00
el low
xv mi v< palms and f
4
-v
erns.
New ‘Back Drop' Aids in Television Transmitting
A black “back drop" (or the screens of television transmitting tubes results in more sharply focused and detailed television image according to a patent (No. 2.156,391) issued to Willard Hickok of Bloomfield, N. J.
The “back dropH|	H|
graphite at the back of the .transparent mica support on which aye mounted the photo-electric elements that convert the scene being televised into an electric image which is broadcast through the ether.
It is explained that when the scene is focused on the ordinary photo-electric screen of the “teleeye" tube, light from the image is reflected, bounces off the walls of the tube back on to the screen so that a double image may be formed. At the same time the photo-electric elements scatter the light. All this, it is indicated, blurs and makes hazy the image to be broadcast.
The black “back drop,", which is the subject of the patent, on the other hand, absorbs the light which would thus ordinarily be reflected. The result is a sharper, more detailed image.
V
Washington Still a Forrsî When First Ccn^ress M»t
Washington still wr.s just a fu:ef?t on the Potomac “some place between the mouths of the Eastern Branch and the Conr.ogochcague." The United States was a government on paper. It had a Constitution, freshly ratified, writes Robert C. Albright in the Washington Post It lacked a President, a legislature and a judiciary, all duly provided in aforesaid document.
In New York a small group of perplexed gentlemen impatiently were trying to muster a quorum for the first congress under that Constitution. The quorum wouldn't muster. It looked as though it never would. It was in fact. March 4, 1789, a sizeable span back across the arc of years that have since linked 75 congresses in unbroken progression and cemented a loose confederation into a power among nations.
But the gray dawn of that day in 1789 was not an auspicious start Jar a daring young government. Faint words penned into a faded old journal tell the story of that first meeting of the first congress.
“The number not being sufficient to constitute a quorum, they adjourned from day to day—*'
Out of 22 elected senators only 8 were present. Of 59 representatives but 14 were on hand. From “day to day " stretched into weeks. It was 27 days before the house could count a quorum. It was another six days before the senate could proceed.
Phene anytime between 7 a m.
and 11 p. ra.
is a film of
Naylor <aug Walk by Handel.
Given in marriage by her father ; in the bride was attended by lier Lowei Litchfield in the afternoon, ¦	Eftie Von stance and at Austin in the evening ;
Rev. I) 1). Miller, of Ottawa, will «peak at Yarin in the morning, Norman ill the afternoon and at Campbell's B ay in the evening ; J. R. McGregor, President of Ottawa Presbytery Mission Board, will speak at Fort Cou longe in the morning and Waltham in the
The Jfield day is to
Farm Clubs Giving New Spirit to Fairs
Mi
cousin
Astbury, as maid of honor. Mr.
Hem y W Patterson, brother of the bride, was best man, the ushers being Mr, Laird Lister and Mr. Robert J. I). Martin.
The bride was attired in hei mother's wedding dress of Ivory silk made with close fitting waist, full skirt and circular train. Her afternoon veil, embroidered at the hem with close with a missionary _t a 11 y in chenille and also worn by her the Shawville church at , 30 p in., mother on lier wedding day, fell when all the congregations of the from a coronet of orange blossoms district are being (invited to join She wore the bridegroom’s gift, a in a special service ts be addressed gold locket and chain, and carried by I)r. Oil lia Radie, ot China, and a bouquet of white carnations^and J. R. McGregor, of Ottawa. Dr. bouvardia. The maid of honor Radie lias a very interesting story was attired in a dirndl dress of to tell of bis work in that war robin’s egg blue taffeta with ; torn country.
lace
mitts and carried a colonial bouquet of roses in pastel shades.
Autumn flowers and plants decorated the rooms at the home of the bride's parents at 371*2 Wilson Avenue, Montreal, where a recep tion for the immediate relatives of the bridal couple was held.
The bride's mother wore a royal blue lace dress with black velvet hat and black suede shoes, her corsage bouquet being of maroon carnations and lilies of the valley.
The bridegroom’s mother was i gowned in Casa Loiiia crepe with 1 black hat and shoes and a corsage bouquet of Rapture roses and lilies of the valley.
After the wedding Mr and Mrs.
Dahms left on a wedding trip, the bride going away in toscan grape crepe dress with matching accessories and a Persian lamb coat.
They will make their home in Huntingdon, Que. Both bride and bridegroom are graduates of Macdonald College.
Out of town guests at the wedding included Mr. and Mrs. E. C.
Dahms, parents of the bridegroom,
Mr. Percy Dahms, his brother, and Miss Margaret Dahms his aunt of Thorne Centre, Que.; Miss Phyllis Dahms, sister, and Miss Lucy Dahms, aunt, and Mr. and Mrs.
Orval Smart, of Shawville, Que ,
Mi«s Evelyn Dahius, sister, of Ottawa, and Miss Amy Dahms another sister, of Macdonald College ; Mrs. 8. A. Patterson and Miss
srsrsrsr rft sæüs
ports.

In all agi (cultural fairs and exhibitions that have so far been held throughout the Dominion this year no feature has been so outstanding as the work of the B<>y* and Girls’ Farm Clubs. This junior division of Canadian agriculture is composed of the many and varied juhior farm clubs in all the provinces, the provincial and district grain, potato, calf, swine, poultry and other clubs which are all co-ordinated through the medium of the Canadian Council on Boys’ and Girls Farm Work.
The reason of the spectacular success made by the chibs in the competitive lists of the exhibitions is readily apparent, for not only have the young and farmerettes of Canada produced exhibits of the highest quality but by their ardor and enthusiasm are giving a new leadership to Canadian agriculture.
There are many projects embodied in the program of the work of the Boys’ and Girls’ Firm Clubs of Canada—live stock, field crops, horticuture. and home
As results of this work, potato production in one area has been revolutionized ; in other districts, productions of live stock has been raised to a high standard and in other areas thousands of bushels of grain have been added to production.
Particular examples of excellent work were seen at the recent Ottawa exhibition when 117 boys showed high-quality calves they had acquired and reared as part of their club work ; also at the Lakehead exhibition at Port Arthur where .a young farmer exhibition no less than 11 animals and the champion Holstein cow, all acquired as a result of this calf club work. In Alberta, 74 wheat clubs approximately 1,385 boys . have built up a substantial supply of * excellent seed for the province by seeding over 5,500 acres to registered, certified, and improved wheat seed. In Ontario and other provinces, several fine beards of cattle can trace their establishment to what the boys and girls of these clubs have been doing. In short the tine work of the junior division is being carried out with enthusiasm in every province.
The Boys’ and Girls’ Farm Clubs represent an active membership of more than 37,000, and every year since the movement began 25 years ago the membership keeps on increasing The motto of the clubs is . “Learn to Do by Doing.”
N
Miscellaneous Shower
A miscellaneous shower was held on Friday evening, October 13th. in the Parish Hall of St. Edward the Confessor's Church, Maryland, in honour of Miss Bernadette Dumas, whose marriage took place on Tuesday of last week The briile elect was the recipient of many lovely gifts. The présentation of gifts was made and an address was read by Mrs. Murray Smith, as follow s :
Dear Bernadette :
We are happy to have this opportunity of assembling here this evening to express to you our heartiest good wishes on behalf of ourselves and on behalf too of all your friends who are legion in this community.
The news of your approaching marriage came so recently that we are unable, due to lack of time, to prepare an event worthy of the occasion, but we know you will regard our efforts, not by the resulis attained, but by the good and friendly spirit which prompts them.
You are to leave us aoon, and, while we regret your departure, we will long cherish the memory of your good example, your quiet unassuming and charitable disposition.
Our loss is Vinton’s gain and our heartiest good wishes go with you. That your married life may be long and happy is the wishful prayer of everybody in Bristol.
Miss Dumas, although taken by
leased her thanks in of en words.
The evening was spent in card playing and music. _ Refreshments were served by the ladies of the parish.
N
farmer»
Girls Spend More at College
Detailed budgets kept by university students reveal it costs more to send a girl to college than a boy. Largest item in the average male student's budget is meals. $29.87 monthly
$12.29 monthly, while clothing out lay tops the coeds budget, $22.50 monthly, with meals secondary, $19.7? monthly. Coeds’ room rent expenditures also exceeded those of the men, being $12.56 monthly as against $9.89 per month for the males. The study showed the average coed smokes only a fraction as much as the average man student and spends little more per month on barber and beauty shops combined than he spends on the barber shop.
Temple Receives Slatue
A sandstone temple statue of Merenptah, king of Egypt, represented as Osiris, god of the dead, and dating from about 1220 B. C., has recently been presented to the Boston Museum of Art by the Sir Robert Mond expedition of the Egypt Exploration Society of Great Britain. It was given in recognition of the museum's contribution to the expedition from the Harriet Otis Cruft fund. The museum possesses little temple sculpture despite its great collections of Egyptian art. The figure was excavated by the Mond expedition at Armant and is one of several life-size Osiris figures in limestone and sandstone found at the same site.
with clothing second
economics
/
Canada's Status
Canada, like Australia, New Zealand and South Africa, is a self-governing part of the British empire or Commonwealth of Nations. She pays no taxes to the mother country and is not bound to render her military help in time of war. Her governor-general is appointed by the king on the advice of (he Canadian ministry, and has/a theoretical veto power over legislation. The supreme judicial authority of Lhe British empire is the judicial committee of the Privy council in London, before which appeals may be brought (in the form of a petition to the crown) from consular courts and courts of vice-admiralty ind from the courts of India and every British dominion. India has a limited amount of self-government with two native legislative chambers. Other portion# of the empire consjst of crown and protectorate#
'Garden of Eden’ Improved
With life-giving water from recently completed irrigation projects, the government of Iraq is transforming the traditional site, of the Garden of Eden from dusty desert into green, productive land. West of Baghdad, between the ancient Euphrates and Tigris rivers, the reputed home of the Biblical Eden is fast learning the ways of modern civilization. Over it fly birdmen of three airlines. By it roll the mechanized giants of rail and motor bus transport. Little more than a hundred miles away are the two pipe
Yosemite Wilderness
The two great roadless tracts of Yosemite national park, combined, comprise an area of approximately half a million acres. Here, as in other wilderness national park areas, conditions are truly primeval. That is, all original plant and animal life is given full protection and no travel is possible except by primitive means mountain areas outside the national park system, no hunting or other disturbance of Wildlife is permitted and all forms are free to carry on their original natural existence. Forest and other plant life is fully protested. Grazing of sheep, cattle or other domestic stock is prohibited
7M
£
surprise, exn a few well eh

I

Unlike other
Save Coat
Eliminate your °B* Battery by installing a new Gen o-motor in yonr radio. These can be Initialled In any battery ret an<l will eut down the cost of operation. Satisfaction qeaiauteed. Wind Charge# a specialty. Apply to Howard Brown, R. L\ Shawville. Phone, 9 ». _ '
Patterson, of Vineland, Ont ; Mrs A^Uretzlaff, of Ottawa, and Mrs Burton, of Brock ville
