###PAGE###1###

>

•• -


No 8, 57th Y bab
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, AUGUST 10. 1909
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United States
I
PERSONAL MENTION
GEORGES CARON ,COWLING
BUSINESS COLLEGE
Cerner Bank and Somerset Streets
Anniversary Services At Zion
Lntheran Church, Schwarts
B. A., B, C. L
Advocate, Barrister
At Campbell'# Bey Friday, Saturday end Monday
i Shawville Hardware
I Seasonable Requirements
mÊÊÊtÊÊÊÊÊtÊÊIÊtKÊÊÊÊÊIÊKÊ1 Mr. Thoe. Black, of North Bay, The 25th anniversary of Zion I ie visiting bis relatives at Yartn. Lutheran Church, Schwartz, will | be observed with ji on Snuda
*wÆ“' I	«WfiSf
) D ni Preacher* for I ...	__ - 1 ... .	,
Miss Marion VVainman, of Ren
d*2 30
the occasion will be Rev. M, Vos*,,,	,	. . .	. .,
of Grace church, Rganville ; Rev. frew, is visiting at the home of
A. W. Lots. of St. Peter’s church, Mr. and Mrs. R R Smith.
Ottawa, President of the Eastern Mr. and Mrs, Frank Ford, of, _	^
Conference, and Rev.C. Schmidt, Ottawa, were week end guests oil Bailiff Superior Court of St. Pauls church, Chicago, III, relatives in town and vicinity
Synodr<,8ldCnt °f VVarthb,,rg| Mr. H. M. Cuthberteon, of Ver-I SHAWVILLE
Meals will be provided for all d«n, hee been ependln* hi* vwav _______________________
those coming from a distance. J tion with relatives in Bristol. I
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario choo! with
feputation.^Open all year
i
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer
I^^HAttend n an established
!
QUE.
W. I. COWUMC,
President
Fishing Tackle Fly Repellants
Screen Doors, Window Screens Spring Hinges, Calv’d Screen Wire Carden Spades, Shovels, Hoes, Forks Lawn Mowers, Grass Shears, BroomlRakes
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
ENGAGEMENT
Mrs H Cole, of Ottawa, was a guest of her niece, Mins Irene tihaw, during the past week.
Small Safe Found la
Knipr -Sturgeon
River at Norway Bay
m , w	. u .	Mr. and Mre, John Knipe wish to
ïHHHEF 5SiS2
ÉÏHSHE aa&E^-F
have been in the water for «orne Mr. and Mis Kobt. Johnson, of time Provincial detective, Robt Ottawa, visited relatives in town French, of Campbell's Bay, was and Thorne for the week.end. notified and he removed the Safe to Campbell's Bay for further investigation.
AMES A.iMILLAR
®• A., LL.L,
ADVOCATE. BARRISTER, etc.
em
Hull,Que.
I Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
t Moyle's Hotel, Campbell’s Bay,
every Wednesday morning.
MARRIED
r
Hornfr-Davis
Mis? Ada Wilson, of Ottawa, visited relatives here for the weekend and Ottawa civic holiday.	„ _¦ HJ
Mr. and Mr. Wallace Wilson of	Tuesday afllrno!: at%
Ottawa, were guests of their rein-	0>lock of Gladys It u ben a Pearl
lives in town for the weekend.	Davis, only da lighter of	Mr. and	f NOTARY PUBLIC
4‘oVTS',¦*&*."»
Idence’of Wiliam BoUm.repre- with relative, in town and vicin- Horner and the late Mr. Homer,	SHAWVILLE, OUE.
mm Weat- Süüi r--..........................................................................-.........
candidate,	for provincial	and	Love . The bride was	given in |	«i
federal	elections. Poll	No	20,	Mr. It. L. McGowan, of North	marriage by lier father	and was
Campbell’. Bay, vice-president.	Bay. is visiting at the Lome of her	attended by Mile Dorothy Horner,
Si J. McNally, delegates, Wil-	mother, Mrs. Fred Thomas, Zion	si.ter of the biidegroom as brides
.on Vibert and Èric Belanger; No section.	maid. Mr. Raymond Davi-,
paSisS isssss
Ned Lunam and Harold Brown.	.	A fluor length dress of white silk
Officers chosen are for the Union Mr. And Mrs. Campbell Farqtv înaronesette over taffetA was worn Nationale partv in Quebec and for harson, of Ottawa, aie guefts at by the bride. It was designed the Dominion'National Conserva- the home of Mrs. C. J. Caldwell, with a shirred bodice and long full tive party. '	this week.	skirt. With this was worn a
Mr Ja. A. Haugbton, of Ottawa, matching jacket with shirred puff ¦	¦¦ i |	¦ sleeves, and a white turban fash-
ioned of fabric leaves, stiff net bow tied at the back
white crepe shoes were
The new Plymouth car, stolen	Mr. A. U. Lawrence, of Ottawa,	worn, and a bouquet of sweetheart! DONAT Le GUERRIFR
from McCredieV garage here on	was a week-end guest at the home	rœee and lily vf-the valley was1	,CLr<
the night of May 21st, was recover- of M.r* a3M*;#re« Herbert C. carried.	4,.
ed Monday at Pontiac Station, by Hodgina.	The bridesmaid was daintly
Robert îRichards, who had been Mrs. Alex Elliott, of Potsdam, I gowned in orchid marquisette in out searching for stray cows.	N. Y., has been a guest of Mr." and floor length, and wore a turban of
The car was in the bush about and Mrs. A G. Brough, during or<*hid and purple velvet flowers 100 yards from the road and from the past week.	She carried a bouquet of yellow
the station where they could H '',	r.. I bouquet of red roses.
board a train. Mr. MeCredie Mr. Gilbert Armstrong, of Mont- Following the c* re mon y ¦__
reports the car to be in good real, was a week-end guest ot> his reception was held at the home of condition but is unable is estimate parents, Mr. and Mrs. Wellington the bride’s parents. Mr. and Mrs. the number of miles put on as the Armstrong. •*	- Horner leaving later for a short |189	street
speedometer was not connected. Miss Minerva Judd, of South trip. The bride travelled in a
toe’liome-nf her-Mrouts.’Hr.’and j "£th w^ity trimming * navy blue At Proudfoot*. Hotel, Campbell # Bay, Mt, j*. B. JnJd.	""" T.eW.y hem g.00
Members of Boys’ Bands fiom Recent /neats at Dr. Powles* They will take up residence at At Pontiac House, Shawville, towns in the Ottawa Valley, who cottage, Green Lake, were, Rev. Du parquet. Que.	m .	, rMâ
had be^n encamped at Green Lake P. S. U. Powles and sons. Bill and On Wednesday evening a large- Tuesday fromA00to8.°0 p.m for the past two weeks, departed Cyril, and Mr. Robt. Laine./ |y attended reception in honour
I1SSSS erne —bew
The boys were brought togethei
in the camp for the purpose of Mr. and Mrs. Eddie Fiunigan
¦11 gsia xa	°~,lv",beir ""
being made by the boys.	parents, Mr. and Mrs. R. G. Hod- After the business session and
gins, at Green Lake.	formal closing refreshments were
T,Kingatoo Standard
as»-A"#?»'ts? easa. ass w-J-
Portions for each letter ; there Mr. and Mrs. Jas Donahue, of Mrs. T. C. Elliott as hostesses-are 70,000 chances to make errors St. John’s. Que., and Miss Marjorie
and millions of possible transposi Millar, of Ottawa, were week-end M â * « .	, .
tions. In the sentence, To be or and holiday guests at the home of . A- A* Titus, accompanied not to be, 2,750,022 errors can be Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Wilson.	hy Mr and Mrs, Jack Lester, spent
made by transpositions alone. We	the past week visiting Mr, and
don't know where the Kingston Mr. and Mrs Garnet Armstrong, Mrs. W. D. Brown, of Porcupine,
Standard got its information. The I and Mrs. Call Armstrong, have also friends at Timmins, South editor must have had .a quiet day | returned to their homes in Toron- Porcupine and Arntfleid. to figure it all out and we are not to, after a week's visit at the going to check him up. The fact home of Mr. and Mrs, Lome Arm-
remains that every piece of print- strong.	| ¦	, .. -, .	___ v	.
m
the fact that the human eye hit, ing the week end	7	The Misses Edith Currie Mills, of
a strong tendency to see-what is	Shawville. Jean Tolhi.rst and
actually in f.ont of It. and you Mrs. Wm. Horsfleld of Shaw Peggy Pine, of Montreal, who are have the explanation of the fact ville ; Mrs. Hurst Hodgins, of attending Summer Sc hool at Dal that there is i.xrely a piece of Yarro, aud Mrs. John Smith, of housie University, Halifax, were printing of any size in which at Campbell'» Bay, left Wednesday week end guests recently at the least one error cannot be found. - |of last week to visit relatives in home of Mr. and Mr*. A. A Macart Type Talks, Magazine.	Western Canada.	ney, of Lunenburg, N S.
Slimmer flowers were liked to adorn Wyman United church for
Delegates tor Convention Oaosen at Campbell's Bay
ARLAND 0. ROWAT
Est. C. J. Caldwell
re»
Main Street, Que
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’» Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
Dr
Preserving Time
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A, LL. B., C.L.
Advocate, Barrister, etc.
Main Stbeet
Hull, Que.
Phone, Sher. 1304
What About Your
Preserving Equipment ?
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e ’ery Friday evening.
a pent the paet week-end a guest of his sifter, Mias Phyllis Haughton. Reg. N., in town.
Stolen Car Fonnd In Bush Near Fontlao Station
White net
BA. LL. I„
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request,
seal e;r s
(Screw [ Top )
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT .. BARRISTER
a small
Pints,	per dozen $1.15
Quarts,
Half Gallons “
PHONE, 2-22
1.25
u
a
HULL, QUEBEC
1.75
il
Boys* Bande Break Camp
every
Rubber Rings, 6cts. per pkg. Zinc Rings, 25 cts. per doz. Glass Tops, 25 cts.
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
M. Campbell, at Horton, Ont.
Stark's Corners Woman’s Association
6»09 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
I i
(i
MONTREAL, [QUE
PLATEAU 6 3 8 8
DQ. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
New Improved Canning Racks
75 cts.
To Fit Inside Boiler
BIlAie 3167
D. J. CAMPBELL
Para wax, Certo, Airtight Memba Seal
Aluminum Preserving Pots Labels and Spices Redpath Sugar
The Poeelbllltlee for Errors
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Phone#:,
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Poet Graduate Work ip Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC
PflOlfK 19
At Campbell'» Bay from Friday night to Monday nigh of each week.
Mr. and Mrs, W. 0. Stark, son Alton, and daughter, Mr* Harold
Mr. and Mrs. Stark are remaining for the month.
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d
Eye, E»r,N»it and Throat Specialist
MEDICAL A DTE BUILDING
i •
Shawville
Quebec
OTTAWA. - ONT.
PHONE, f—7881
###PAGE###2###
to
her and a hurtling death Into the
dark depths below.
Now she was coining to the ••ar»
row, twisting road that led from the main highway up to the House of Long Shadows. A* she turned Into It, another car passed behind her, going along the main road. In Just n few minutes she would be at hêr destination. She sat buck In the and relaxed Her grip on the
1
Attend» Convention
“Listen, child," Hannah broke In. "Your father was the best man In the world, bar none, but Just because he was so darn good himself, be was a mere babe In arms when it came to some other things. Now you've got your own fife to live, and he's gone. It's all bosh bein' tied up by dead folks' wishes oughter try to run the affairs o* the living from the grave. How about trying to unearth that blasted Jewel your Uncle Lyman said he îiîî In the house In the mountains? Wouldn't that help, Claire?"
"I was Just thinking of that, Hannah." Claire looked up eagerly. Oh If l could only find it! But we have gone over every inch of the place hundreds of times. Daddy had Juat about decided It was Just Uncle Lyman’s delirium when he was dying. You know he spoke of It again, but couldn't tell us where It wits. But if there really was a Jewel, and I could find It, everything would be all right. 1 could pay Nick and—"
"Then your father didn't know whether he got all your uncle's jewels or not?"
* *

.TRY IT THE "SALADA” WAvl
Infuse 6 heaping teaspoons of Salads Week Tap to « pint of fresh. boiling water, j After 6 minutes strain liquid |m(q 2-quart container, while hot, add 1 to 1X ceps of sugar and juice of 2 lemons, Streihtd/ Stir until sugar is dissolved/ fill centaine# with cold water. Do not allow tea to eqp.l betas adding cold wales or liquid will become cloudy, Serve with chipped kt. me above makes 7 tall glasses.
T
T
â
A
A
i

L
B
\

K
L
J

w


Nobody
S
£
.1


%
seat wheel
i
!

I


A
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
h sudden grinding
v
I
1 hero was crash ns the car hit n hi ge log that lay directly across I he narrow road. Instantly the light» *®nt ouf* 11,1,1 splintered glass showered about The machine lurched tlpslly and stopped. Claire Ml limply over
the steering wheel.
Quick footsteps sounded dimly
her and the last thing she
knew nhtt was being lifted In &
THE FRUIT SEASON IS HERE
These are the days when oar I»
cal fruits are ripening each day and when we should lake advantage of their dellclousnese by canning sono for the whiter months which are to come. The subject of canning Is such a broad one that It la Impossible to treat each method properly In such a small apace. Briefly the following are the beat methods:
Preparation: All fruit should be picked carefully and then prepared according to type. Large frette should be cut la pieces and If dry and pulpy such as apples and pears should be covered with water be fore simmering until tender. Small Juicy fruits require no water.
Open Kettle Canning: If fruit la moderately acid and very Juicy usa no water but cover with sugar and let stand over night. In the morning cook until tender wljh as little stirring as possible. Fruits less Juicy should be covered with a sugar syrup and cooked until tender


ESS,
.*
I

?
1
hei

%
4


behind
mans ai ms

(To Be Continued)

ill
CHAPTER I
it was a week alter her father's funeral. Claire Fosdtck stood In the luxuriously furnished library and looked about her with a shudder. Almost as though she half expected some menacing horror to reach out from the Tamiliar shadows and clutch her. Then she jerked herself together with an effort. Over there, by his favorite lamp, his body had been found, slumped forward in an unnatural twisted position could see It yet, though she had tried to forget. Fearfully she looked there now, and was conscious of a feeling of relief when only the outlines of the cushions of the big wing chair and the curve of the table met her gaze.
The death certificate had said heart trouble, and there had been no autopsy. Nick Baum had managed that for her. But always in the back of Claire's mind would be the question — why had her father died so unexpectedly? seemed as well as usual when she bade him goodnight and left him chatting with Nick. And Nick had said that when he left at 11 o'clock Mr. Fosdtck walked to the door with him and seemed in the best of spirits. Yet he w a# gone and now Claire was alone with the wreck of the family fortune. This city house and the mountain property were about all that was left, and she knew only too well that Nick Baum had claims on both words came back to her.
“We must pay Nick by this time next month. Daughter."
“But, daddy," she had exclaimed. "Surely Nick will "
“You don't understand Nick has been more than lenient.
I couldn't ask him to extend the time again. We've got to find the money somehow."
But how? Wearily Claire inventoried again her chances of supplying a large sum of money in a limited space of time. Trained for nothing but a society life, lacking the money that seemed as far distant as the snow capped mountain peaks — what could she do?
As though In answer to her problem. the door behind her opened and a tall young man came eagerly toward her and took both her cold hands in his.
“Nick! 1	— 1 didn't know you
were here. I didn't hear you come
could have goue through everything without you, but—"
She jarred back against a small table, dashing a delicate Dreed*® figure to the floor. It lay shattered lute bits. She gated down at It In a dated maimer. It was like her own world always beeu so beautiful and safe. Smashed Into broken pieces.
“But what, Claire?" he persisted. “You know I’m crazy about you and want you to marry me. Why won't you say you will? You're the loveliest girl I’ve ever known — and the coldest. Can't you like me a little. dearest?"
Claire looked regretfully at him. Certainly he seemed everything a girl could desire, as he stood there pleading with her. Handsome, and young and ardent. Yes. she was a fool, yet—
"I do like you a lot. Nick." Her voice was sincere. "1 like you but — oh, don’t ask me now. 1 don’t know — I’m — I’m so uncertain about everything. I’m going up to the mountain house for a few days. Maybe when I come back — maybe later, Nick, dear — please
With a choked sob she turned and ran out into the ball and upstairs to her own room. Crumpling in a heap before her small dressing table she pressed her small, clenched fists to her cheeks. “1 can't — 1 just can't! I must find some other way out." The words ended In t ea rs.
%

Queen’s Jewels Influence Mode
<

' We’ve never been sure. Hannah. You know Uncle had some wonderful stones. He was an authority on such things and bought them all over the world on his various travels. But he was always boasting to everyone about his Jewel of the Rockies,* as he called It. He spoke of It again as he lay dying. Said It was hidden In the house, and that we must never let the place go out of our possession. But after we looked and looked without finding anything, we weren't sure whether It was Just a fancy or not. You know Uncle was dreadfully eccentric."
Mrs. Mary Baird of Sarnia, Dominion supervisor of the Women’s Benefit Association, is pictured here in New York where she will attend the association's convention.
Fantastic History of Pearls and Diamonds Not Forgotten
the world that had
You may not expect to deck yourself with pearls and diamonds this fall. But the chances are good that you’ll feel their fashion Influence.
Queen Elizabeth and her royal Jewelers will not he soon forgotten.
Nor will the fantastic histories of pearls and diamonds likely be ignored by designers who must furnish us with glamor, says the New York World-Telegram.
Legends Source of Romance
Certainly their colorful legends offer the best possible sources for gathering romance. The ancients once associated the diamond emblem of fearlessness and Invlnc- 3 spring). Place Jars In rack le the
iblllty—with lightning, we understand. and were convinced It owed Its origin to the thunderbolt qualities, Habbl Benoml, a fourteenth century mystic, declared that the stone’s beneficial miracles worked only when It was Acquired by gift.
No woman In this day and age would care to upset that happy legend. And few of us would be frightened by the theory that the slightest flaw in a diamond was so unlucky It could deprive even Indra of his highest heaven.
She
a doubtful manner. “Well, if you’re set to go — but this Nick Baum. Does he know about this — this Jewel, or whatever It is, Claire?"
“1 don't know," the girl replied. “We haven't known Nick so very long, you know, but Daddy waa awfully fond of him, so he might have mentioned It."
Tim." Hannah reluctantly held out Claire’s coat. 'Tib tellin’ you, I ain't likin' it any too well."
“Hannah! Your hunches
» i
Hot Pack: Fruit Is prepared a# above but cooked for a shorter length of time. Pour into hot sterilised Jars to within about M Inch of the top. Adjust rubber rings (dipped In boiling water), covet with sterilised top seal and leave Jar ring partly screwed (If spring top is used do not adjust second
House of Long Shadows
Hannah shrugged. “Plain locoed If you ask me. That he could put up with that trifling Susie Spratt for a housekeeper proves enough. Then look what he called his outlandish house — the House of Long Shadows. Nobody but a crack-wit would ever put such a brand on that kind of a place. All carved walnut woodwork to catch the dust, and those
That
you
are worse than an Indian medicine
He had
kettle; cover well with water at same temperature as jars and bring to a boll. Boil tor required .ime » id bo sure that the jare do not touch each other. It this process Is doue In the oven have a carefully controlled temperature of 276 degree*. Remove from water bath, tighten and seal. Invert jars while cot ling to lest leaks. If using ateaiu pressure cooker follow directions i^ven
man. Go on to bed and forget It. I will send you word to-morrow that I'm all okay.. Probably Kb Spratt’ll be coming down or can send a man
f ••
Claire pulled on a pair of driving gloves taught me yourself never to be afraid of anything. Besides, what on earth could happen in such a peaceful old place as the mountain house? It's an event If even a peddler finds his way up there from the village." She dropped a light kiss on Hannah's nose, and without waiting for any more objections she went downstairs.
Remember you
gosh-awful high ceilings? house wouldn’t be much of a loss, if you did have to let it go. And I do not envy Eb Spratt and his sister, Susie, try In' to lake care of It for you. either."
But it was the pride of Uncle Lyman's heart, Hannah. He spent a small fortune copying the eastern mansions he'd known. He thought nothing was too grand to build in his beloved mountains. That house and his Jewels were the passions of his life."
“Yep. the Fosdlcks always were up in the air about some fool thing. Your Uncle Lyman was the worst o' the mess, but even your own father was a dreamer. Rest his soul. Lucky for you that your mother was a real westeru woman with her feet on I’ 9 ground and her head full of horse sense. Or you might be goin’ ’round, too, with your Ideas In the clouds. What you goin' to do now?"
Claire had jumped to her feet as though she had come to a sudden decision. *Tm going up to the House of Long -Shadows right now, and start looking again. If there Is anything hidden there I'm going to find It. I've got to! Help me into my riding clothes — there's a good dear!"
by manufacturer.
I Cold Pack Canning: Pack fruit
into jars (sterilized) to within uni inch of the top. Place fruit and sugar in alternate layers In proportion to the desired syrup. Thin Ike syrup y% cup sugar to 1 of fruit and heavy syrup 1 cup sugar to 1 of fruit. Cover with cold water until overflowing. Adjust rubbers and lops as for hot pack. Place on rack and cook slowly as In ths hot pack method.
Her father's
“Claire, honey!" An elderly maid’s startled face appeared around an open closet door. She hurried to the girl and put tier arms about her. every Inch of her rugged gaunt ness bristling with a maternal protectiveness.
“Tell Hannah all about It now, child." She smoothed Claire’s very rumpled curls as she had gone in the years before when she was a nurse to the motherless little girl. “Anyone been pesterin’ you?" She poked her cap to a belligerent angle. her seamed and weather-beaten face glaring defiance.
Claire laughed shakily. Drawing Hannah's head down, she kissed her. “Don't frown so fiercely, old dear. Anyone would think you were still fighting Apaches out on your ranch in the early days. Some scrapper yet, aren't you?" Claire got up and dabbed at her eyes.
Jewel of the Rockies
Hannah nodded. "You said it, honey. 1 am when anyone goes try-in* to drop a loop over you If you ain't willin'. Go on now, tell me. Is it that Baum fellah again?"
"Yes." Clair answered slowly. “He's awfully nice and he loves me
All things whatsover ye would that men should do to you. do ye even so to them.—Christian,
Here She Could Live . . .
As she passed the library she halted a minute and softly closed the door which was haf open. She had been pretty hard on Nick. And he had done so much. Why couldn't she love him as she had always hoped She would love the man she married?
She let herself out into the garden and hurried to the garage. And here she got her own little car and soon was threading her way right through the traffic of the city, headed for the road that ran along straight as an arrow toward the mountains.
The way was too familiar to make the trip at night seem an undertaking. Hadn’t she driven It more times than she could remember when she and her father had gone to the House of Long Shadows to spend the week-end? settled down to a steady pace that would bring her to her destination long before midnight.
After half an hour the houses began to thin out and small dry farms took the place of suburbs. The cool evening air of the open country blew against her cheeks. As always, a tingle of anticipation ran through her when she entered the foothills, with the high peaks hunched dimly behind them.
The mountains invariably held that attraction for Claire, no matter how familiar she was with them. For her, nothing could ever take the place of their changing moods. All the mad, colorful life of the hardy seekers for gold, their tragedies and romances, successes and failures, seemed embodied in the towering snow capped crags that jagged against the skyline.
That was why going to the old house in the mountains had always been an adventure to the girl.. The House of Long Shadows the very name her uncle had given his home made it a house of dreams Here she could live again. In Imagination the exciting days when the little mining town nearby had been a blaze of hectic life. When fortunes were won or lost In a night and the haunting quest of gold turned the heads of the steadiest of men.
A Sudden Grinding Crash
Now the road began to wind very sharply, coiling about the rugged side of the mountain. Higher and higher went the car, each succeeding loop in the road lifting It above the plains below. Soon the city became a miniature twinkling fairyland, Its streets outlined In rows of tiny points of light tired of this picture. She threw back her head and filled her lungs with the bracing air, a sense of exhilaration sweeping through her.
Unconsciously she pressed on the accelerator. The car leaped forward with a sudden spurt of speed that sent the gravel flying down the steep fide of the mountain. Instantly Inejeried b: k from the danger j of taking the curves t o fast. She knew oolj
strip of road was that lay between
child
Soft Bodice Dress
With Slimming Waistline
à
2574
Measure
fruit and cover with enough water to simmer until tender. Add warmed sugar providing % cup to one cup of fruit. Continue to simmer until thick stirring Skim. Turn into sterilized Jars and cover at once with a thin layer of hot paraffin. When cool apply an other layer of paraffin to assure perfect sealiug.
Jellies: Select fruits that are not dead ripe. Clean and cook until very tender. Pour Into a scalded Jelly bag and allow to drip Into a scalded container. Do not squeeze the bag. Heat juice to boiling point and simmer ten to twenty minutes. Add warmed sugar allowing % cup of sugar to one of juice. Stir over heat until sugar dissolves gently (skimming as nece«~ ry) until a few drops of the C '..itlon "sets" when tested In cold water.
allies With ?rctin: Fruits such as blueberries and raspberries re quire the addition of pectin to make them jell. The best advice for these fruits is to adhere strictly to directions given with Pectin or auy similar commercial preparations.
Jams and Conserves:
SIICS * 90
\

frequently
;
l
SX
: M'. •

• • .
Li e
I
•IO
In.’

“Because I came through the garden. Cut across from the garage. The maid opened the French window for me. Are you glad to see me, Claire?"
He kissed her fingers as he spoke, then stood looking down at her, his flashing dark eyes admiring every line of her. “You're prettier every time I see you."
I Just Can’t The girl freed her hands with an uneasy little gesture. “Of course I am always glad to see you, Nick ” she answered. “You’ve been awfully good to me. I don’t know how I
She
• .
“But, Claire, It's past 9 o’clock. You can’t go galavantiu* up to the mountains alone at this time of the night. You wouldn’t get there for hours. It’s 50 miles from here."
“Nonseuse, Hannah. Remember I am going in my car. Not on horseback. I’ll be a heap sight safer out on the road than here, wasting time that is so precious. Besides, the Spratt family Is there. They'll take almost as good care of me as you would."
Still Hannah shook her bead in
. 'A
•/.

• •
• •
Boll
»»
but
"But you don't want to marry him." Hannah finished the sentence for her. “Well, then, you don’t have to."
•I.V
.[• .
• l>e •
•V
I Can't
•v
“But 1 know Daddy hoped that I would, Hannah. Nick was very very close to him. had even loaned him a lot of money, and we can't pay it back."
•1 #
e #
•w
l* *,
' * # e
• is

z
'
I
i
Lieutenant-Governor Attends Baptist Convention
Your Household Problems
i
Have you fussy eaters in you# family? Do you have trouble providing a varied and interesting menu? Do your cakes fall? Then write, enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie B. Chambers, care of this paper, and she will endeavour to solve your problems.

It


A
By LOUISE LENNOX
Here is a cool, easy to make frock that you will love to wear on warm days this summer. The raised waistline is flattering to the more mature figure and the softly draped bodice is feminine and becoming, fou will find that these cap slevees, cut in one with the bodice are very cool and comfortable and at the same time smartly simple.
For dress wear, for a quiet evening at home or in your vacation wardrobe for fair or travel wear, this versatile frock is what you will need.
Style No. 2574 is designed for sixes 16, 86, 38, 40, 42, 44, 46, 48 and 60. Size 36 requires 3% yards of 39-inch material.
Send fifteen cents (16c) coin preferred, for pattern 2574 to Louise Lennox, Room 421,	73
West Adelaide St., Toronto.
A

m
m£

>
' .

Yt
tv v*
9,
Meteoric Dust

iY'*
rZ


It is Lssorted that 4.250 pounds of meteoric dust fall upon the earth every hour—61 tons a day.
w
i
V- e
L
V m
k. i

Drive oui ACHES
« '
i
L *

O'* .
# : # •


n

xiZ
I

/

Claire never
l

X
*




$top*Itch
of bisect Bites— Meat Rash
I
Mams
S3

fcich i
Hew4:»t VN
Ontario’s Lieutenant-Governor Albert Mathew* and Mrs. Mathews attended th
was held in Atlanta, Ga. They are shown hpre, CENTRE, with Mrs. Ed. Rivera, wife of iM of Georgia. LEFT, and Dr. N. Nordstrom, vice-president of tiie B.W.A. 8 Governor Rivers is pirturoj at RIGHT. The picture was made in the governor’s home, where the Mathews and lr. Nordstrom were guests during the convention.
1 fl
or


Issue No. 31 — *39
I
II how narrow the
B
###PAGE###3###
Times being what they are.
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher
WHAT HITLER HAS DONE TO
GERMANY
We bear much of what Hitler bis '‘done for Germany/' We bear less of what be bai done to Germany . . . to German human beings.
Wbat he hue done to German hu man beings is disclosed In part by an analysis wblcb the New York Times has made of German vital statistics. Thus:
t ince Hitler came to power in JCZ3 cases of diphtheria and scarlet fever have virtually doubled; of rp nal meningitis actually trebled. Food poisoning cases increased from 1,665 In 1933 to 3,764 in 1937. Death rates between the ages of one and five went up 12.5 per cent, for girls and 20 per cent, for boys between 1932 and 1936.
Journal.
Monte Carlo’s casino now givef
bargain-basement
NEWS
VOICE
of the
PRESS
it#
patron#
gambling. For two hours on cer# tain days, the zero on the roulett# wheels is suspended, thus giving the customer# a better break

9%

y
%


Z

&



PARADE


1/
f

y V ' r/
7

•gainst the home.


ROYAL AIR FORCE: On the annt-weary of Louis Blerlot's historymaking flight across the English Channel thirty years ago, Britain •uni 246 of her most modern I lug planes roaring over France last week. It was the biggest war-test flight ever made la history and was an Impressive demonstration of the progress in aviation since Blériot made the crossing three decades ago.

FOR HOME AND COUNTRY
z
mi
b-
We never lo*e aj opportunity to ¦ay a good word about Women's Institutes for of all the organizations rendering public snrt unselfish service In a community, we place these at the top. Their activities are sensible nod practical, mostly of a humanitarian character car rled on without fuss or tbow to relieve and give comfort and happiness to those less fortunate than themeilvis. — Cowman ville Statesman.
HHil
I
n
T

f


«
Ottawa
Although the flight was merely w demonstration, the AxIh powers will have no doubt *ow regarding Britain’s power lr air and U la almost aiguillai» to lean that Hitler on the day < this demonstration was suffering i’im nervous shock.
LX
zm
•G

a
I
y /
\
*
HARK JUNE BRIDES
Average June bride, according to statistics, requires f 28 for her trousseau. Which wouldn’t be so bad if she didn’t refuse to wear the same clothe» a month or so later. — Sherbrooke Record.
/
4
W/„
FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE

//
V//
THINGS WE LEARN
From John Gunther's "Inside Alla,” you learn that the Japanese Prime Minister's salary Is $2,692 a year; a belch following a meal In Nippon is a compliment; an average of 29,000 persons are picked off the streets of Shanghai each year, dead of starvation, yet in the same ally one i ly dine at restaurant where a dinner costs $600, that American cigarettes sell at a lower price In India than In the United States. — New York Post.


NEW FARMING UNIT: In Dearborn, Michigan, Henry Ford exhibited before 400 newspapermen and agricultural experts recently a new mechanized farming unit which he predicted would revolutionize agriculture and make draft animals economically obsolete." Said he:
"U will displace the horse on the farm Just as the automobile displaced him on the road/’ horse-displacer consists of a small lightweight tractor with detachable Implements embodying new tricks of coupling and operation developed by an Irish engineer named Harry Ferguson . The Ford-Ferguson | tractor unit has many revolution- i ary virtues and costs about $586.

*A VERY WICKED MAN"
A daughter of Charles Dickens Is quoted as saying that the famous author was "a very wicked man" and that his family led the very Dlckene of a life with him. Stratford Beacon Herald.


Rr
f-6


MS# wkmd
The

*'l tossed a cola to see who should have the large cage, and the
__- K.a 99
IVE
PI
Mr. Ford’s
YRUP
A teachable spirit is beautiul whether in a child or one of mature years.
Don’t Get Sun
In Your Eyes
¦
NTARIO
UTDOORS

Protect Them With Dark Glasses or a Crop of Wrinkles Will Result

By VIC BAKER


Z'Z





V/r.

;
%
%


%
I
I
I
I
8KEET AND TRAP SHOOTING
The ten zone winners In the Dominion Marksmenn 1939 national ikeet and trap shooting championships, who emerged victorious over some 400 of the country’s leading clay-pigeon marksmen competing on 30 skeet teams and 24 trap •quads, were announced recently from the headquarters of the Dominion Marksmen headquarters in Montreal.
The first renewal of the Dominion. Marksmen national shooting championships, this year’s shooting tournament will give some 3,000 skeet marksmen throughout Canada their second championship team since the sport was introduced to this country at St. Stephen, N.B., in 1929. For trap shooters the competition marks only the second time that a national trap title has been at stake since Jack Trotter, old-time Winnipeg marksman, Invented the clay-pigeon more than 60 years ago.
Dominion Skeet Champlonahlp
Defending the Canadian Skeet Championship In the Dominion finals held at the end of July la tha York Skeet Club team from Toronto. This team posted the highest score among the skeet zone finalists. The Toronto team scored 236 out of a possible 260 points to successfully defend Its Central Zone title against six other entries representing Hamilton, Copper Cliff# London, Levack and Toronto. The other skeet zone winners were: St. John Skeet Club, Montreal Skeet Club, Medicine Hat Gun Club and Trail, B.C., Trap and Skeet Club.
Dominion Trap Shooting Championships
In the trap shooting championships, the defending national title-holders from the Saskatoon Gun Club successfully defended their Mid-Western Zone title after a very thrilling shoot off against a crack five-man squad from the Medicine Hat Gun Club. The two teams tied In the regular zone shoot with a score of 243 out of a possible 250.
In the shoot-off the Saskatoon men outshot their rivals by a single point atfer posting a score of 242 out of 250. The Medicine Hat team fell to second place among the other three entries from Calgary, Edmonton and Saskatoon who represented the 26 registered clubs In the Mid-Western Zone. The other four trap zone winners were: Dartmouth,. N.S., Rod and Gun Club, Grand Trunk Riverside Gun Club of Montreal, Sun-nlngdale Gun Club of London, Ont. and the Vancouver Gun Club.


BRITAIN’S CANNY MOVE: When Britain decided to extend credits totalling $300,000,000 to her potential allies for the purchase of munitions and other war materials she made a canny move. More potent than threats of force Is the threat of economic resistance to fascist plana of conquest. While relative military strength has been debat-England and France are unbeatable In the field of finance— and Hitler knows it. Thufi th . more Important result of the British decision Is Its moral effect—for British credits are more convincing evidence of future Intention* than British promises.
It’s a common enough Impulse to fling protection to the winds, or whatever winds blew before the sunshine came along, but that doesn't do away with the common-sense fact that your eyes need it, your head needs It, and most certainly your beauty needs it.
First, let’s be sensible about your eyes, and mix the sense with fun.
Gone are the days when dark glasses were either a sign of defective sight or an attempt at disguise.
Today, on a sunny day, they are Indispensable as lipstick, and even more useful. An afternoon’s sunbath, without glasses, can undo all the good that i year’s care ever did. An hour’s squinting Into the sun can produce a finer crop of wrinkles than a decade of time.

!




%
VES AG Al N

PHILO VANCE

if,


y/A
SYSS
abl
THE LAST GREAT MYSTERY STORY

y ¦


WRITTEN BY
1


160TH BASTILLE DAY: July 14th marked the 150th anniversary of the fall of the Bastille. The celebration took the form of a tremendous military pageant this year and not since recent war scares has
S. S. VAN DINE

/
/
à
m
. . . it will be published in BOOK form
. . . it will be made
into a MOVING PICTURE
Books And You
1
O/a
France seen such a gay, self-confident and
joyous Bastille Day, prompting observers to note that In the war of nerves the Republic has won a great victory.
To most of us Bastille Day his much more significance than Just aa National holiday. To Frenchmen and to the rest of the world It Is a memorial to the “principles of 1776 and 1789 % to ideas common to Western democracy, think of the storming of the Bastille wo realize that It was an act of defiance against vested authority, a dramatic and concrete assertion that men can and will overthrow a government with which they are dissatisfied.
BY
xWvv
ELIZABETH EEDY

/
- I
BUMMER READING
When the mercury rises and our brows bead with the heat of summer we turn to the more amusing In the realms cf literature. For summer reading we find that the shorter stories and human anecdotes of some of the popular essayists are delightful.
Among the favorites we have selected three to recommend. One is that little masterpiece from the pen of Cornelia Otis Skinner, “Excuse It Please,” In which the author carries you along through a aeries of her amusing experiences, such as meeting old school friends and not having one thing In common with them, and learning to ride a horse.
One of the best collections which has not received the attention It deserves Is Harold Nicholson's “Small Talk.” Many are familiar, with the Hon. Harold Nicholson, M.P., in “Punch” magazine but they should be more familiar with these witty essays. “Small Talk" Is a tonic!
The third to come to mind at this season Is one that is listed among the new books. Dorothy Parker, favorite of many has released a new collection of her short stories entitled, “Here Lie#.” Mrs. Parker in all her works shows perfectly, certain situations common to the lives of millions of human beings of all classes, races and nationalities. Her wit Is at times barbed and again she writes with compassion but at all times she la penetrating.
We guarantee that one or all three of these will prove entertaining and will leave the reader chuckling and refreshed.
total»
1

When we



Mi
J

f
r/|?s
mm
rs ii
Hill
fXy.



' r
x\>

m
The family Bible of the late Czar Nicholas II of Imperial Russia has been found in a secondhand bookstore in London.
The Bible, bound in satin-smooth leather with solid gold clasps, has been returned to the British and Foreign Bible Society,
it to the Czar for his Coronation in May, 1896.
#
i i n in i:iiiMi i-f m
9

W

9	®
ve
To prevent the formation of a black sulphur line between the yolk and white, the egg should he aheHed while still hot and plunged immediately into cold water.


Detroit Red Wings' Star Is Golf Champ.
Here is the last crime solution of PHILO VANCE, one of the greatest detectives that ever lived in the pages of fiction ... the last great story of that foremost writer of mysteries, S. S. VAN DINE. The Star Weekly has secured the rights to be first in all the world to publish this story—a thrilling mystery that involves two murders and the theft of a priceless collection of emeralds. “WINTER MURDER CASE,” by S. S. VAN DINE, will appear aerially in The Star Weekly starting August 5. If you Kke mystery, written by a master storyteller, don t miss a single instalment of this fascinating book to be run exclusively in The Star Weekly.
gun

h




kSt




Many go through life as rivers go to the sea, taking the easiest course.




Man must love and be beloved. We must subdue self or ser
STARTING AUGUST 5' ISSUE
m

)
vice.
y
1
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—The Expert
? •
Bi
F
c
I JUS TRIED OUT MY , Pf JIU-JITSU ON A FELLER/
__IS X GRABBED *IM BY THE ARM
557 AfC TWISTED IT THROUGH
. I HR KNEW WCFT HAPPENED I FOUN* MYSELF IN
MOV/ THAT X UN NASTAN* ALL ABOUT -JtTSUTLL
W,
I'LL
YOU
NTS
JIU
I
u
Â
«J.T

Pete Kelly, of Charlottetown, star with the Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League, succèsa-
Brunswick

I
*
A *

ft
folly defended doring the Edward Island championships on the Algonquin Country Club links at SL Andrews-by-the-Sea, N.B. Kelly had â gross* of'309 and net of 281 for 72 holes to lead the field of Maritime golf experts. Swimming at Katy’s Cove and parties at the Algonquin Hotel added to the fun of the tournament at the famous resort.
crown
-Prince
t
# *


v l

m •


y


r
\
*
» L




A



! 11-14

###PAGE###4###
/-/•>
THE EQUITY EHEHHiEE'
That the area heated at the headwater of the Gena des Terres and Ottawa Rivera, which is considered moat suitable, be inspected for Park purposes. That Mr. E C. Lawn, M L A. and Mr W. R. McDonald, M. P., representing this County and the sister County Councils be asked to give this proposal their utmost support. Unanimous y
carried.	. . ,
Moved by Cr Woodley, seconded by
Cr Cotie, that a grant of $100.00 be
paid to the Agricultural Society No. l.|
—Carried.
Moved by Cr Cotie, seconded by l r ; A. O, Fades, that the sidewalks be paired on the Hast side Xentre Street from James Street to property of L. N. Woodley and on South side of Main Street from the United Church to the Shaw ville Milling Co, and on the North side of Main Street as far as property of A S. Smart.—Carried
Moved by Crs Howard Cotie, that Hubert Way be paid for Kbour g gj J gard to his claim produced at previous meeting and that be submit his account for same.—Carried Motion by Crs adjourn
HODGKINS
GARAGE
Shur-Gain Balanced Feeds
SHAW VILLE, AUG. 10, 1939
Canadas Trade Abroad Grows
Canada's trade with the United Kingdom is increasing in the face of a “great
world trade owing to
We have become members of Canada Packers SIim Gain Feed Service and tire now the exclusive manufactur of Shur-Gain Balanced Feeds In this district.
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
contraction in unsettled international conditions,
Fred Hudd, Chief Canadian Trade C ommissioner in Great Britain, said on his arrival in Canada last week increased business with Great Britain was particular notable “in commodities of special concern to the agricultural pnxiucer in Canada Cheese, honey, tobacco, lumber, canned fruits, vegetables and bacon.
era
Our complete Hit of Shurtitilt Balanced Feeds fui
made from scientifically
Hogs, Poultry and Cattle are prepared formulae, designed to give maximum production find growth us well ns keep nil farm stock in excellent
All Shur-Uitin B.i lanced Feeds hnve been tested
The
:
re
health ____
d proved in every way to give outstanding results and manufactured only by members of the Slmr-Guin
a n
aie
Feed Service Plan.
This 9hur Gain Feed Service is ft plan of cooperation between our mill and the manufacturera of Shur Gain Concentrates with the following objectives
1st—To supply at a reasonable pi ice a complete balanced
feed for Live Stock and Poultry to the feeders in this dis
Part of this feed ift
It is completed at our mill
The formulae are sup-
Fence
Requirements
For Your
Hon. Chas Dunning To Retire
i
Hon. C. a. Dunning, Minister of Finance, announced last week that he would nrt be a candidate in the next general election, and had so advised his constituents in Queen’s County, Prince Eilward Island.
“For the past 12 months 1 have been trying to regain my health, but it is evident now that I cannot do so and at the same time carry out my duties as Minister of Finance, even with all the help which the Prime Minister, in y colleagues in the Government, and the ottivials and staff of the Department have so generously given,” Mr. Dunning
said.	... .
in re
\
\
Howard-Woodley to
triefc who need a complete teed, manufactured in Montreal, and sold under Shur-Gain brand plied by Canada Packers Limited who guarantee the analysis. By adding grains and grain hy products at our mill, we are in a position to make a balanced feed at a lower cost than other ; popular brands of feed.
Harland U Row AF
Sec.Trea»
Try Frost Steele and Wire Company’s Famous Tight Lock Fencing
cost very little more per acre for a good fence that will hold the stock in place while you slumber. We have a good assortment at present.
\
v
Skim Milk Cheese
<
According to the amendments to the Regulations under the Dairy Industry Act from June 3C, 1037, when the Act was passed up to and including June 15, 1939, “Skim-milk cheese is defined as cheese which in the water free substance contains less than 48 per vent of mi k fat, or which is made from or by the use of milk commonly known as “Skim* milk” or from milk from which any cream has been removed, <>r from milk to which skim milk has been added and may not contain any preservative other than salt (sodium chloride) and, if processed with or without emulsifying agents, shall not contain more than 43 per cent of water.
As in the case of other kinds of of cheese, the
.,n4 itvm	that “no ,h r>«m shall manufacture.
Jul) 3rd, 1939	import into Canada, or sell, offer,expose
The regular meeting of the Municipal or jlJtve jn ,*,stc*aion for sale any cheese. Council to be held on the above date cream diet so, process or emulsifiel adjourned for lack of a quorum ; cheese, or i-kim*milk cheese, unless such there were present only Mayor Me cheese complies with the standard of Dowell and Councillors Woodley and composition provided under specified It l\ Hades, who adjourned the meeting suh*eetion of ihe Regu'at* to Friday, the 7th day of July, at 8 p.m.
July 7th, 1939
Due notice having been given to the Councillors who were* absent from the meeting held on the 3rd of July, the regular meeting of the Municipal Council was held in Hynes Ballon the above
Mayor McDowell and Councillors Howard, Cotie, A. O. Hades, and Woodley.
The minutes of last meeting were read and approved on motion Crs. Howard and Cotie.
The following bills were presented to the Council for approval :
Gatineau Rower Co., light
It
concentrate to make a
2nd—To add to your grams a balanced feed for your Poultry and Livestock. We etui
Concentrate and mix these
take home a balanced mixed
“For this reason, the Frime Minister has my resignation, effective at his convenience.
“My medical advisers confidently sure me of complete recovery it 1 can be free from work and responsibility tor a sufficient period.
“I have no plans for the future, except to devote myself completely to the task of getting well. Any rumors necting my name with any position are entirely without foundation "
grind your grains, sell you
together so that you van feed. Most of which you supply yourself.
To give ad viceou your feeding problems Balanced
r cost of producing Eggs, Dork,
We can show you how to get better
as
3rd*
feeding will lower yout Beef and Milk.
production at a saving to you.
We shall be glad to have your inquiries. A trial order will convince you of the saving Slim (lain Feed*
can make for you.
J. I,. HOIK!INS
con
Phone 64 J.
Shawville Council
regulations
state
EG5T


iSEODBBOQ

THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., RECO.
ëLT2j£f3fSI5jSJ8f
was
DALE’S TINSHOP
ns
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS

1999

BEATTY PUMPS
date, Present




È#

%


full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.
Let us know your requirements and we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
We carry a
&
k
$t>2 83 “ waterworks 51 47
r
&&
u
Harry McDowell (commission re
dog tax.................
Kenimis Elliott (poll clerk) . .
Jack Elliott ................
Provincial Treasurer, (re R ss
Schwartz ................
Marvin Murray................
Pontiac Rural Telephone Co. re.
B C. Horner.............
Moved by Cr. Woodley seconded by
Cr. Eades, that • the foregoing bills be paid.—Carried.
A communication from the Fish and Game Protective Association of the Counties of Hull, Gatineau and Pontiac with reference to a proposed National Park was laid before the Council. After discussion the following resoUi-tion was proposed by Cr. 0. A. Howard and seconded by by Cr. A. 0. Hades and carried unamiously :
Whereas the Dominion Government through its National Park Brunch, operate National Parks in all the Provinces in Canada with the exception of Quebec Province.
Whereas the people of Quebec Pro contribute very largely to the funds that develope and manage these National Parks.
Whereas it is a fact that the Federal Government are willing to develop and maintain a National Park in the proof Quebec, provided a suitable be transferred to them under the conditions that other Provinces
k
1
r> 4"
2 50 4 06
#
i
DO
i
90
10 00
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
f

,4

SJSiSJSL'


l SITED STATES N AVY BAND T»o Free Concert* Daily
VAN ALEXANDERS ORCHESTRA Composer. "A Ticket-A Tatkel"
Management. Mu»k Corporation of America
Danon* Nightly
WORLD'S FAIR REVUE Cilamorou* Girl* — t.or«eou. Spectacle
A MILE OF SMILES
New Midway Ride, and Shows
w O R1. !> * s GREATEST V A V D E VILLE
E%er> Ni*ht Before The Grandstand
ESTABLISHED 1883
:<x'


1
COACH
INVALID
%
<7*
GEORGE HYNES & SON


Directors of Funeral Service
*
vince
«...
Ü DOS HORSE RACING
PURE FOOD SHOW
Shawville, Que.
BIG FARM MACHINERY FXHIBIT
DOG SHOW
i
BABY SHOW
HORSE SHOW
i
Phone 80

LIVE STOCK POULTRY AND PETS
GOVERNMENTAL. INDUSTRIAL CIVIC. !
SCHOOL EXHIBITS. FLOWERS AND FRUITS BOYS AND GIRLS COMPETITIONS WOMEN’S INSTITUTE DISPLAYS - HANDICRAFTS HIGHLAND AND TAP DANCING — ATHLETIC MEET
BOYS BAND COMPETITIONS FIREWORKS
MERCHANTS* DISPLAYS 1
vince •area
have transferred their areas, said areas to be used for Park purposes only.
Whereas to date no Province in Canada has successfully operated Provincial Parks.
Whereas Quebec now have three Parks, Mont Tremblant Park, Oxford Park and Laurentide Park. No development of any account has ever been made in these Parks and there is nothing in the way of immediate prospects of any improve ment being made. None of these Parks compare in any way with the facilities that areoffeied by the many National Parks of Canada, and what facilities they do offer are beyond the reach of the average citizen in the matter of charges for the privileges offered.
Whereas having contributed for many years towards the Parks developed by the Federal Government, it is only fair that the poople of Quebec should be entitled to a National Park in their
Province.	,.
Whereas a National Park established
in the area as suggested by the Fish and Game Association and Laurentide Tourist Bureau would be of greatest possible benefit to this district.
Be k resolved that this Council do petition the Government of th s Pro vince to invite the Dominion Government to establish in this Province a National Park suitable to the needs <>f the district, and assure the Federal
W
m

'm
Beattie’s Eve Service
K*8tb
A-

^ COUPON TICKETS
Of 01 SI oo
ADMISSION


i
0
•r mi SMTll
IT W

v«M

ar
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see as you should see you will tee
Beattie s Eye Service
Scicnttfi Eye Examinations
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects







e
4
\ \

à


.A

M

*
9



!
Ihi Keyed IfW
z
z
É


%
KATHLEEN M.ROLUNS
Profee.ional Optemetri.t.
T.T. BEATTIE.
Pro(«»ioRRl Opt ometn.t
###PAGE###5###
Clarendon Council
Service Announcement
The Equity
PRINTING
8HAWVILMC UH1TRI) CHURCH	August 7lb, 1939
Rgv, A. P. PoEie B. A., B.D. l'Aitor clarendon Council met on tboabove
Sunday, August 13	I date. Present : Mayor Barr and Coun*
11.00 a.m. Service at 8hawville	cillors Grant. Hanna, Whelcn, Macfar
1.30 p.m.-Service at Zmn	|Minutes' of last meeting read and
3.00 p.m.—Service at Stark s vomers approve<| on motion of Cr«. Grant and
The evening service is withdrawn Hanna.
At all church services the Pastor will Councillor Judd entered and took hts mf tL-h	seat at the Board.
p ’	1 Motion by Crs. Macfarlane-Hanna,
that the following resolution be passed :
Resolved that W. H. Barr, Mayor, and J. A. Dean, Sec Treas, are hereby authorized for and in the name of the Municipality of Clarendon to draw, accept, sign and make all or any bills of of exchange, promissory notes, cheques and orders, for the payment of money, to pay and receive all money, and to give «quittance for the same, to assign and transfer to the Bank all or any stock Bonds and other securities, from time to time to borrow money from the ÿ	.	. Bank of Montreal, either by overdraw-
PARMH ok North CLARKNPon ing the account of the undersigned or Mr Hugh Mortimkr, in charge otherwise, and generally for and in the
* Sunday, August 13	name of the said Municipality, to trans
LyCc-umo. ^	I—
Charter!;. Holy Communion 2 30 Also that J. A Dean, Sec.-Treis, is Thorne Centre, Evening Prayer, 7.30 here^y authorized on behalf of the said
-	•	- j Municipality to negotiate with, deposit
with or transfer to the said Bank (but for credit of the said Current account
tr.uu unnwPR | only) all or any bill» of exchange. Pro
JOHN HOKNbK, misaory Note#, Cheques or orders for
late of the Township of Clarendon, the payment of money and other uegoti
, able paper, and for the said purpose to *armer	.	..	endorse the same or any of them on be
All parties having claims against tbe	^ the said Municipality,
above Estate are requested "»• Ine	Also from time to time to arrange,
with the undersigned within htteen	balance and certify all books and
I accounts between the said Municipality,....	—,	—
and the Bank, and to receive all paid 11|| PtmOlS mid, / *3 cheques and voucheis, and to sign the Bank's form of settlement of balances
and release —Carried.
The following bills were presented for
FLY SPRAYS
mea
porm.hro ivrbt rnca»DAT
9HAWVILLK. QUBBKU
I
AT
All kinds of Fly Sprays for inside and outside
use.
Protect your children by keeping the flies down, and also make more money from your herd by using a dependable
Fly Spray
annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada .
To United States..
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside
firms.
Let us do your :
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements,
Posters Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
SI 50
2.00
ANGLICAN -8t. Paul’s Sunday, August 13 Mr. A C. Lawrence in charge 11.00 a.m.—Morning Prayer 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke's
2 00 p m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity Service Withdrawn
must be paid In full I» discontinued
All arrears before any paper
w. O COWAN. PUBLISHER

Farm for Sale
i
Well Improved Farm, being Lot 11 j the 4th Range of the Township of
STtaT zrzr j-ssk
For further partieulars apply to,
MRS. JAS. P CARSON,
R. R. No. 8.
Shawville, Que.
the corner store
on
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts
SM AWVILLE
!
QUE.
I
Phone 28-23
NOTICE
Estate ok
He
August Specials
THE EQUITY
same
days.
3 Great Values !
Rexoleum Floor Mats
KARL HORNER ARTHUR HORNER.
Shavmllc. Que, Executors
Hand decorated Table Covers, made in America
A cheap way to brighten floors and door en» made of good
or
up
HARLAND C ROWAT, N.P. ^^Hcdgins, balance on cedar |70 00
Sbawville. Que.	Building and Jury Fund ....
Shawville, QueAugust 9tb, 1939	| [{ R Rennick. plates and bolts
to J. E. Pah
Est. C. J. Caldwell, supplies W. A. Hodgins Store, to charity 10 68 Roy Elliott, hauling gravel for Re • Estate ok JOHN H CAMP* road foreman Elliott................
- TowMp	,b.,
these bills be paid—Carried.
All parties having claims against the Councillor Smart gave notice that the above Estate are requested to file the next meeting of this council he would same with the undersigned within introduce a By-law levying a rate on all fifteen days.	taxable property in this Municipality to
HARLAND U. ROWAT, N.P. «j»*g^ST£“”wL„.
Shawville, Que.	th;U çr jU(llj purchase a strip of land
Shawville, Que, August 9th, 1939	| necessary to widen the road at J.yj
Kilgours.—Carried.
Motion by C«s Judd-G rant, that this
Council apply to the Department of goads through Mr. G. A. Howard, for a grant towards the erection oT a cement opposite Lut IL Range 11.
39c
trances qality felt, assorted colour, handsome designs,
36 x 36
12 00
USED CARS
75c
18 x 48
5 50

VWWVWV
mer
53 9H
ltayon Covers
1938—Ford V-8, Small Mileage
1938—Plymouth,
1935—Ford Truck, stake body
These are all in good running order and be bought on easy terms over a
Horses and cattle
2 for 26 cts. 2 for 36 cts.
NOTICE
49c
a
4H x 48
14 40
205 00
BELL, late
Clarendon, Farmer,
Dresser Scarfs
Ticking8
Beautiful assorted colors and designs, 5 pieces 75o
can
period of 18 months, taken in exchange.
Call and look them over.
Extia strong ticking fur
mattresses, pillows, etc. Feather proof, striped and floral designs ... 35c
Unbleached Cotton
“Mac's Marvel" our best
quality unbleached cotton popular, brand everywhere. Ideal for sheets, pillow slips,
cases, etc. per yard
G. A. Howard & Son
Blankets
Frosts Solve Surplus
In man-made frosts the Louisiana strawberry farmer may find a solution to his surplus crop. The £ra-	.
mattr.as H!	pK'W	,w
co-operative union, is highly perish- ibis Council adiourn—Carried 15C	1 able and while a frost will kill it in
the field, the same and greater amounts of cold can preserve the picked berry for Shipment out of
season. The strawberry belt is al-	, _ ,	,___
ready equipped with a cold pack- Pontiac Rural Telephone ing plant to which the berries are	Company
brought, sorted and packed into cartons. They are then frozen at 40	August 5tb, 1939
BlBpII
is frequently lus .	and approved on motion of A. Sly and
R. Sheppard.
—«¦—	„ .¦üürîïïtiï=•£ e
The ground mole, so often accused ^owej| werd pK8Med as read, by the gardener of eating valuable Motjon by R Macfariane and R bulbs and underground parts of Leppard that this Company approve plants, is not so much the criminal, ^ the following new stock being issued : as an “accessory before the fact,	shares to Ohm Schraeder, Sr.
reports the federal bureau of bio log-	lt	*»	»	Chas. Schraeder, Jr.
ical survey. With the exception of	«	•*	*	E Schraeder
the Townsend mole found along the	4t	**	«	Jerry Queale
Pacific coast, these burrowing am-	„	tl	»	Wm. Olmstead
maïs live largely on underground in-	„	u	<»	Albert Dahms
sects, grubs, and larvae. The myriad tunnels dug by the mole, however, often become runways for the small, short-tailed pine mice. or. in some instances, the field, or meadow mice. These rodents are the real offenders. They are vegetarians and eat roots and bulbs of garden
plants
Ford Dealers
“The Spirit of Sleep” Blanket
beautiful colours and designs, warm and lightweight, *64
a
Quebec
Shawfville,

, 36 inches wide
$1.98
x 76
John A. Dean, Sec.-Trens
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Cheese Cloth
H.nJy package Bleached
Cheese Cloth
3 yards for 15a
Mosquito Netting
Indispensible during the Summer, per yard.... —
Hygiene
10c
Monuments in Marble and Granite
information on special designs and prices.
Tables and Table Oilcloths
- "	rr5
colorful oilcloth,
Write for
cloth.
table with lustrous new modernistic designs.
45 inches wide; per pard..
Phone. 278
geo. h. FROATS & SONS
284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
. 35 cts. . 45 “
“
• 4
44
44
54
Motor Rugs
Very good quality Motor Rugs 60 x 72 with fringed ends............. " "
MacLean’s
— Carried
Motion by It. J. Tracy to adiourn.
H E. Elliott,
Secretary
RED 6 WHITE STORE
DEPARTMENT
grocery
Here
“The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
Tenders Wanted
Tenders will be received by the undersigned up to 6 p.tn., August 23rd, for caretakers for Shawville High School and the fourteen Rural Schools, caretaking to include firing when necessary.
JOHN A DEAN,
Secretary-Treasurer
25 ote 25 “ 15 “ 15 “
I.it ken, 3 earn
mlhStew.Tùnt «8 the name suggests “
it « delicious
20 cts. 15 “ 25 “ 10 “ 15 “ 18 “ 25 “ 13 “ 15 “ 15 “ 25 “ 18 “ 15 “
g Kraft Dinner, per package B Serviettes. 100 to a package B Salted Sodas. 2 lbs. for ....
B Grapefruit Juice B Pineapple Juice,
1 Orange
B Tomato Juice, large tins, 2 for ..........
B	Pears with heavy syrup	....	¦¦¦¦
B Apricots or Peaches, choice quality, per tin
B c. L. Pilchards, per tin ....	..........
8	Salmon, pink, 2 for	•	¦
B	Macaroni, with Cheese &	Cream	Sauce
B Wax Paper, per roll	........
&	Paper Towols, l«>0 to a roll	-	—*
S	Fancy Free Deserts, assorted	flavors,	3	tor
S Lush us Jelly Powders. “	“	3 for
|B Jello Freezing Mix, for Ice Cream
jfi Oglivies Flakes, Puffed Wheat or Grapenut
H	Flakes .........................
B Rice Krispies, Pep, Bran Flakes, All Wheat
Post Bran Flakes, 2 pkgs. for
Roy G. fraser
Gifts,
RENFREW, ONT.
box see
20 “
Boiled Dinner,
Lamb Stew...
Pork Sausage...
HeetVtenk with mu,broom, or onions
Ox	• • •
Asparagus Asparagus Tips .
per tin
20 * •* per pound 30
H
os
Novelties
4 4	44
Flowers,
44	44
33 “ 33 "
Phone 160
ewe
15 “

Cuttings ..
• e
e e
22 “
e e
• •
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. . We in vite your patronage orders of $1.00 or over, phone
$5 00 or over phene os collect and we shall prepay.
of International Twine
the Ball, Sack or Ton
Complete Stock
On
25 “ 25 *
By
bepbesknting companies
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
On orders of
25 “ 10 “
<
10 “
25 “
or
mad II p. »•
G. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
SHAWVILLE - QUE
Successor to
###PAGE###6###






Britain’s Air Might Displayed For Dictators
SCOUTING
THAT REMINDS ME
THERE'S MORE QUALITY IN OGDEN'S .
How Can I?





A letter from Mayor Ralph Day of Toronto to Mayor LaGuardia of New York inviting the latter to visit the Canadian National Exhibition in September wns taken to New York by a group of 24 Scouts of the 124th Toronto Timothy Eaton Memorial Church) Troop, on their way to the World’» Fair. During their stay the Toronto Scouts were guests of Queen’s Borough Council of the Boy Scouts of America. For the occasion they Wore a special white shirt with their troop crest. Mayor Day was himself formerly a Scout of the 21st Toronto Troop.

&

•V ANNS ASHLEY
ms


1
Q—How can I wash lace properly ?
A.—Fill a Mason jar with hot soap suds and one teaspoonful of ammonia. Put the lace into the jar, screw on lid and shake it from time to time. Let it remain over night. Mix r new solution if necessary. Then rinse in the jar in same manner. NW spread a Turkish towel on ironbvnrd, place lace on it, cover with another towel, and absorb the moisture. Do not iron.
>
a#





Ogden’s Is a
quality tobacco through and through —a
Fine Cut that gives a man top satisfaction
hit WÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊM
own. Only the best sun-ripened leaves are used in Ogden's Fine Cut—that’s why it’s such a popular cigarette tobacco. You’ll like
r




% A

ill

p'.l'ï
.
J
¦

C.'

fg
N
X


l>-/;

:

w

$
Ogden's better—particular I . when you use the best papers "vogue" or "Chantecler".

Q.—How can 1 prevent food burning on the bottom whi n baking?

The entire 1st Bracebridge, Ont., Scout Troop were guests of the Brace bridge Rotary Club at an evening dinner.

Fil
M.
>


5wo*«r«/—
m
A.—A piece of door or window screen placed on the bottom of the oven is often a remedy for food burning on the bottom.
Q.—How can 1 remove iodine stains from an article of clothing?
A.—Soak the article in lime water.
Q.—What is a remedy foi excessive perspiration under the arme?
* .»
St


f

A$k


fer
t
«X
Ogéim’t


Cm*

\2


i

*T"
'

A fine new “land ship" headquarters, the "Valiant,” constructed by Sarnia Sea Scouts of two old boxcars secured from the Canadian National Railways, was "launched” by a banquet to sponsoring members of the Sarnia Yacht Club. The banquet was served aboard "Valiant” by Sea Scout "sea cooks.”
Furnishings of the S.S.S. "Vsli ant” include the ship’s bell of the old ferryboat “Pappoose,” which operated between Windsor and Detroit in 1872. On the fireplace mantel is a model lighthouse, with realistic "winker” light, placed there as a memorial to the late Dr. A. G Campbell, for a number of years skipper of the Sarnia Rover Sea Scouts. Another prized possession, within a glass frame above the fireplace, is an ensign that flew on H.M.S. “Valiant” at the battle of Jutland, in which ship Sea Scoutmaster Charles Gray served as a signaller.
?


3*





y •
'
.ftvTW
...

w»
Ro ¦«
*8


*$è

i

°tg
A.—Bathe under the arms daily, and apply a lotion consisting of two teaspoonfuls , of powdered alum and one pint of water. Follow by dusting with a powder made of one ounce boric acid and ten grain of salicylic acid.
Q.—How can 1 easily pull basting threads?
A.—Try using either a nut pick or a crochet hook to pull basting threads and see how easily it is accomplished.
Q.—How can I make cream whip more easily?
A.—Try adding a few drops of lemon juice or the white of an egg*

4
Li


i
OGDEN’S
:
V
. 4 :
"im*

FINE-. CUT
ta ?
I

Zinnias Quick To Germinate For Fall Bloom
Riot of Color For F'Jtil
£r-:

%

Although this picture was not made while the British planes were flying over France, it was snapped for the express purpose of showing the planes and formations used. The planes are Wellington bombers of the very latest issue. On July 14th, during the French national celebrations, five squadrons of these bombers and lighters, flew to the southwest of France and back, on normal training flights. Inasmuch as the distance was the same as it would be to leading industrial centres o f Germany, the parade of England’s air might became an impressive factor in the present European game of “pow er politics.” The flights were concluded without the •lightest mishap.
The zinnia ha* traveled far since grandmother’s day when It waa known aa "youth and o!d age," a title bestowed upon ZlnnU elegant, the common species from which most of our garden limitas were derived. Its development lu color and form has been so ra; a! In the last ten years as to outiai» most horticultural works on the subject. Many seed houses today Iht the zinnia as the beet selling garden flower seed, with petunias Igolds following close be!
As It Is no trick at all t flower zinnias in eight weeks ("on seed, they may still be plante ’ for September bloom. The seeds r.*a amazingly quick to germinate If properly sown. They should b- covered not more than one quarte" Inch in well prepared soil, and benefit, seemingly, from transplanting.
Hot Weather
Health Habits
Beautiful
x>

What Science
Scouts of St. Mark’s Troop of Port Hope, attired in firemen’s raincoats and rubber boots, enjoyed a practical lesson in Are fighting and rescue work given by Fire Chief Record and a email crew of his men recently.
Blue Danube
Have You Heard
IS
St«S*m Will Soon g
2,400 Mile W,
e Part Of
aterway
A Few Suggestions To Add To Our Comfort When Mercury Hits High
Doing
Across Europe
*
*
mar-
The Bduube, destined for increasing importance as part of a new 2,400 mile waterway across Europe, was brought into the news again by the recent meeting between the Foreign ministers of Rumania and Yugoslavia, on a barge In the stream.
o
QUANTITIES OF VITAMIN K In one of the greatest scientific feats ever recorded, four groups of chemists working independently, reported simultaneously the syneth-sla of vitamin K, the new vitamin that stops inernal bleeding.
This means thousands of lives will be saved annually, for the synthesis makes the vitamin, which has been difficult to extract from natural substances, available in unlimited quantities.
The vitamin previously was extracted from alfalfa. The chemists made it from coal tar. The artificial vitamin has four times the potency of natural vitamin K. Hardly ever is a synthetic chemical so much better than the natural one.
’FLU CLUE FOUND An editorial in the Journal of the American Medical Association announced recently that medical science is near success In its great search for the origin of great human influents epidemics search, the Journal stated, has led to hogs and earthworms.
The journal’s editorial told of research
done by Dr. R. B. Shope, of Rockefeller Institute. Dr. Shope# observations were so astounding that, If they are confirmed, much of the medical literature on virus diseases such aa poliomyelitis or Infantile paralysis "will have to he rewritten,” the journal said.
ROLE OF WORM Dr. Shope concluded that worms were "carriers” of swine influenza virus. He found that earthworms swallow the egg of swine lungworms, that the larvae of these parasites develop In the earthworm and re-enter hogs when they eat earthworms.
This suggested the possibility of a transformation of the virus In the lungworms or a complex life cycle In the earthworm, which the medical Journal indicated might throw new light on the whole subject of virus diseases.
"Lungworm larvae from pigs with swine Influenza harbor swine Influenza virus throughout their development,1" Dr. Shope reported. He said the virus apparently lies latent much of the time. •
"Whether the swine influenza la an abberant type of the human influenza Is still controversial," the Journal commented.
Civility costs nothing; it might even be a good investment later en, and is a good insurance.
This type of insurance was carried rather far by a man who always made a low obeisance when-evei our Lord’s name or Satan was mentioned during the church ser-]jte. A new minister, struck by the oddity of this and anxious to correct him, inquired after the service why he bowed when the devil was mentioned. He immediately replied: "Well, ye see, 1 be very, very old, and civility costs ucthing,” and after a pause, "and ye never know.”
Now that the hot weather Is here at last, It might be well for us to heed a few of the suggestions which the National Safety Council baa issued for the care of our health during the torrid weather:
Keep your body clean by frequent bathing.
Wear light and loose clothing.
Do not overeat, but do eat more vegetables and less meat.
Drink lemonade, orangeade and other citrus fruit drinks.
Keep your elimination habits regular.
Do not use strong alcoholic drinks.	*
Get plenty of sleep and reel; avoid over-fatigue.
Cool water Is best for drinking. If a little table salt Is added, in the proportion of one level teaspoon of salt to one gallon of water, It will assist in bodily elimination, and will replace the normal salts lost In perspiration.
An appeal to the Boy Scouts of the United States to help clean up “the real public enemies, the corrupt politicians,” who he said were responsible or the army of nearly 5,0b0,000 criminals in the country, was made by J. Edgar Hoover, director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, before a great gathering of Scouts at the New York World’s Fair. “Every boy you teach to hate crime,” he maid, “is a victory for our side. Keep it clear in your minds that good politics is a great and beneficial thing, But that corrupt politics is a criminal thing. There should be nothing but scorn disgrace for anyone who betrays this greatest of vocations.”
New German Canal This mighty highway of commerce from Southern Germany aero** the Balkans to the Black Sea also forms parts of three international boundaries, between Slovakia and Hungary, Yugoslavia and Rumania, and the latter country and Bulgaria, a bulletin of the National Geograpbis Magazine recalls. Germany Is constructing a canal which will connect the upper Danube and the Main River in Bavaria, which jn turn flows Into the Rhine. Canal Will Link North Sea and
Black Sea
"Completion of the new waterway, scheduled for 1945, will make possible the shipment of goods by water, without transfer, all the way across Europe, from the North Sea at the mouth of the Rhine to the Black Sea at the mouth of the Danube.” the bulletin continues.
TIRES
MAYALL’S TIRE SERVICE
if
Bos» (storming):	"You're
TORONTO
8 ELM ST.
Typist: "Fired! I like that. 1 though: they sold slaves !”
When writing, please stats size.
Standard Make Fully Guaranteed Write for Special Prices
•• #
Take every chance to be kind because some day there will be no more chances.
Possibly apocryphal, but good, hi the remark said to have been made in India recently by Schacht, Reiehebank ex-chief.
"What ia it like being a German,” they asked him, "after Austria, after Czecho Slovakia, after
Hamel r
"It doesn’t make much difference,” he said. It’# like a man who’s in jail for life and hears they’ve added a new wing to the building.”
The
r
Classified....
Advertising..
AGENTS WANTED
with surprising résulta—
WINK
RURAL MAN WITH CAR TO SELL oil among Farmers. Threshers, Trucker*. Splendid opportunity. Write British Lubol Company, 876 Bay Street. Toronto.
MONEY IN MINK. WE HA 3 A HE-lect herd of large dark zilnk. Our taules guaranteed ferma. Stan Daly, Smith Falls, Ontario.
Hope is a draft on futurity, sometimes honored but generally extended.
P. ' mwah le
OLD BOOKS. PAINTINGS. PRINTS. Ola**, China. Silver, Antiques, and Furniture. Absolutely best prices. Write description or call S. Wen-roth. 68 King Street, East. Voron-
MIOITIVU
Do not so employ the first years of life as to make the last miserable.
ARTICLES FOR SALE
WITHOUT CHARGE ELTZAIIKTH Kent will shop for you to store*. Send for de* free service. 45 Rlchm>
Toronto.
Overheard
û Toron-'f>tion of .’ Ht. W.,
o» an English hoe:	I can’t stand this 'ere
QUILTING PATCHES. FINEST Assortment five pounds for one dollar, postage paid. E. Pullnn Ltd. 480 Adelaide Street West, Toronto.
to.

Hiller
He a such a fidget.”
rth-
IIA 11 V CHICKS
DROP A POST CARD FÔK PRICES on Bray Special Broiler crossbred*— white-feathered. quick growing, premium finish. Capons and started Pullets, also available. Usual Bray high quality. Bray Hatchery, 130 John St. North, Hamilton, Ontario.
SALE OF WINli
Modern
Etiquette
Easily Settled
The farmer was in an unusually pensive mood, and hie wife offered him a penny for his thoughts, dear,” he said, "what epitaph I should put on your tombstone.”
As his wife was in excellent health she naturally resented the endue thoughtfulness. "Oh, that’s easy,” she replied. "Simply put ’Wife of the Above’.”
hooks
MINK OF HIGH GRADE QUALITY, Special sale during July j :.d August at prices far below regular. Every animal will be personally selected. Orders filled a- received. Write to-day, L A. Jones. 189 Talbot Street, SL Thomas.
THE FAMILY PHYSICIAN. 11J.I7SL trated 604 pages, $2.00; Shakespeare's Complete Works, illustrated, 1,280 pages, $2.00; Webster's Illustrated Dictionary, 480 pages, $1.00. World Cook Book, 416 pages $1.00—special offer. All four prepaid, only $5.00. No CO D orders. Satisfaction or money refunded. Order to-day. LaMountnln & Co. 2090 University. Montreal.
“I was wondering, my
BY ROBERTA LEE
CHICKS OFTEN PROVE PROFITable investment—If right quality. Pullets reach high production as regular supplies fall off. Cockerels hit market when fresh killed. Broilers and Roasters scarce. Limited number famous Bray Chicks available through August. Write for prices Bray Hatchery. 110 John Street, North, Hamilton, Ont.
1.	—la it good taste for a woman employee in an office to wear eye shadow or mascara?
2.	—Is it all right for a bride to wear a veil if her wedding is to be very small?
3.	—Is it proper to say, "Mrs. Hudson, meet Mrs Gibson”?
4.	—Is it possible for a person to overcome self-consciousness?
6.—May fried chicken be eaten with the fingers?
6.—What would be suitable for a girl to wear to a club dance, during July or August?
TIRES AND IIICYCI.ES FOR SALE
$2.00 UP. GUARANTEED UHRD Tire*; Bicycles. $10.OU up. Write for bargain price list. Toronto Tire. 195 Dundne West, Toronto.
» EXTERMINATOR
BED BUGS—ROACHES. DON-D’8 Vermin destroyer rids your noroe Immediately of these pests. Many satisfied user*, fiend for large bottle 35c, or 3 for $1.00, poet paid. Don - D Products. Westport, Ont.
A poultry farmer had been kwéug chickens from hie c
•¦d displayed the following
DAY OLD AND STARTED CHICKS standard quality day old Leghorns $6.95; 90 per cent. Pullets $13.90; Barred Rocks $7.45; Pullets $10.45; Cockerels $6.75; White Rocks, Hybrids. New Hampshire Reds $8.26; Pullets $10.95; Cockerels $6.76. Ten day old add two cents, two week old add three cent», three week old add seven cents. Big Egg Quality add one cent. Prompt shipment Baden Electric Chick Hatchery. Limited. Baden. Ont
USED FURNITURE FOR SALH

PL
GOOD USED FURNITURE 8 PJ15CE) Dining Suite $15.1)0; Chesterfield Suites $20.00; CheeterLe.d Bed Suite $39.50; Studio Couciius $10.00 9-piece Dining Suites,!
$49.50; Breakfast 1 I 1 Hundreds of other articles. Write us for your requirement % arranged If necessary.
Furniture Co.. Limited Street Toronto.

LEARN REALTY CULTURE
A ny o
chicken house at night will be found /here next morning/'
found
near my
GIRLS WANTED TO LEARN Beauty Cluture. taught in a school chartered by the Dominion Government, branches from coast to coast hundreds of successful graduates. We prepare you for provincial and state board examinations, rates reasonable. Call or write to Dept. A, Canadian Largest school, Big Marvel. 358 Bloor fitieet W., Toronto.
e new. Suit*» $10.00.
No mere chick
b have
Terms McKenna 526 Bay
been missed.
Poverty and Greatness
BARGAINS IN DAY OLD AND started chicks. Day old Grade A - White Leghorns $7.60; Barred Rocks $7.95; White Rocks, New Hampshire Reds, Hybrids $8.45. Ten day old 90 per cent. Leghorn Pullets $16.95; Barred Rocks Mixed $1.95: Pullets 812.95; Cockerels $6.75. Two week old add one cent three week old add five cents to ten day old prices. Extra Profit Grade add one cent Shipped C O D. promptly. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries, Limited. Fergus, Ontario.
1.—No. If she considers these artificialities to be alluring, she should reserve them for her social engagements. 2.—Yes; a veil may be worn at any wedding unless it is a civil or a second marriage. 3.—No. Say "Mrs. Hudson, this is Mrs. Gibson.” 4.—Yes	It has
Been done by thousands of people. The only way is to forget about one’s self. The self-conscious per In his youthful days Napoleon I sgn i* n|ways thinking aboyt how lived chiefly on dry bread and ms fîànïïs are placed, whether Ms
tie is straight, whether people are looking at him. "Forget yourself” Is îhe 5hly solution.	tRs is
all right at a* picnic, but at the dinner table the knife and fork should be used. 6.—A semi formal frock of organdie, cotton<4ace, or print
Tobacco Worm Control
USED FURNITURE FOR SAUK BUY FROM US WITH ¦ ¦ I ence! Brown enamelled Iron bed, strong resilvered tprinf. and roll-edge. remade cotton fg trees, with new ticking $5.95. “Busy Rest*' matrrill new blue labelled, beaut'fj ed ticking, rolledge. nnr 13-01. Used enamelled w with towel racks, $1.95. £ ©finish» . ed brown metal baby's crib, with brand new, strong, figured, sanf-tary mattress. $4.95. Perfectly r*. c onditioned Singer drophead sew» Ing machines, long shuttle. In golden oak cabinet, compete with fittings snd year's * mirantes, packed and crated complete for $12.39
strong springs. $2.09. R -membfr our money-hack guarantee. Rend
Toronto.
ON FI D-
Rembrandt
At the time of his death Rembrandt’s personal property consisted of his painting materials and a few linen and woollen gar-went*, fa recent years as much $ one-half million îoîlars has been paid fop one of his pictures.
Napoleon
Growers of flue-cured tobacco in southwestern Ontario have been warned that the tobacco worm la likely to be plentiful this season, and are advised by the Dominion Entomological Laboratory at Chatham, Ont., that the most successful control measure is to spray
NEW FURNITURE FOR SALE
(•<1 mitai 1 for m brnr.d col *r* *e. fer
SAVE 20% OR MORE ON NEW Furniture. Our large five-floor warehouse la stocked with complete home furntekiagn. By selling direct from our WAREHOUSE

• we save an average «of 20% and
pete this big saving on to you. Terms arranged. Freight prepaid. Write us to-day. Valuable pram-turns given for sending customers to us. McKenna Furniture Co., Limited. 62# Bey Street, Toronto.
YOU WILL GO SOME TO BEAT these prices for our High Quality Chicles ffofn blood tes ted breeders. Standard Quality Leghorns «He; 90 per cent. Pullets $12.96; Barred
sa;
White Rocks $7 95; Pullet# $10.45: Cockerels IHc. Ten day old add two cents; two week old add threè cents; three week old add seven cents. Large Egg Quality add one cent. Bigger Profit Quality »dd two rents. Prompt delivery. Shipped C.O.D. anywhere. Top Notch Chlckcrlea, Guelph, Ontario.
t; *
with areçnate of 1<;a«l, three to four poflnJs in T5 gallons of water. À
second application is occasionally
No more than the reamount of poison should be used, and rapid driving through tht rows is deprecated because complete coverage of the plants is essential for efficient control	3 I
wore 5hoes with pasteboard soles.
" :	b.h,„
At 14 Berlin sang songs tor pennies in a Bowery saloon, always hoping that he .would take in at least ten cents so he could pay
Imp a
eight. *
arr.
Resllvered auJ sanitized
neccshry.
commended
PERSONAL
/
MARRY—WOULD YOU MARRY IF suited? Hundreds to choose from. Some with means. Many farmers’ daughters end widows with property. Particulars 10c. confidential. Canadian Correspondence Club, Box 12$. Calgary, Alberta.
to sleep in for the
Issue No. 31
"39
###PAGE###7###
the shoots over the sponge, keep ing them in place with hairpin* for the closer the stems are to the sponge the better. Keep the sponge moiet by soaking it in • bowl of water now and again.
Novel Porch Carden
105 Couple» Married In Impressive Montreal Ceremony
IF
*

A pretty hanging garden far a porch can ha made with in aid sponge and some «hoots of Ivy.
Tie a piece of string to the sponge so that if can be suspended, and gat -or aix shoots of ivy s few inches Jong and push the cut ends of thèse' into holes in the sponge. Trail the other pad#
ft
te v


' *;#
%


v *v


KB

» V

The ivy shoots will send ont roots into the sponge, and soon after many new leaves will appear making the ball s mass of
1

A ,«

9
& 4
of
cry.

i

r-i
V VI
| This Curious World j
BEES

K

¦*4
m $
ru:
HAVE A

TENDENiO^


BECÛMEi
EXCITED!


â
r






M
OF
R

4, I
L3#
j

Tr o scenes following the mass marriage at Montreal Stadium show, LEFT, Henri Lepage, one of the grooms, saluting his bride and UIGHT, 0 happy couples grouped together following the ceremonies. The founder and chaplain of the Jeunesse Ouvrière Catholique, sponsors of the me a mar rlsi* is	Henri
'
WEARING
4
T*
f
2t>:

- v
*>;


i

L
<
!
The doom of the false prophets, the life of Elijah, the future of Israel, and the honor of God are all involved in what should happen following Elijah's prayer. This miraculous and supernatural fire falling from the heaven convinced the people that Jehovah was the true God.
39. And when all the people saw It, they fell on their faces; and they said, Jehovah, he is God; Jehovah, he if God.
Thus the greet fire was the emblem of Jehovah, and the sign of his acceptance of his people's service. And so priests of Baal put to death, not so much from revenge as queen Jezebel had murdered the prophets of the true God, but to carry out the fundamental law of the Old Testament kingdom of God, which prohibted idolatry on pain of death.
40-46: When the last priest of Baal had been put to death Elijah turned to the king and told him t# go up to his house and eat and drink for an abundance of rain would soon fall upon the fearfully parched land. But the prophet himself went up to Mount Carmel and cast himself down upon the earth and "put his face between his knees." Thus a solitary man brought back rain to Israel. His prayer was abundantly answered.
There are certain characteristics in Elijah’s prayer, which should form the part of all true prayer. It was based on the promise of God. It was definite. It was earnest, humble and full of expectant faith.
«
\
And the water ran round about the altar; and he filled the trench also with water.
J
I
NOTES
RADIO
¥
Elijah’s Prayer
,And it came to pass at the time of the offering of the evening oblation, that Elijah the prophet came near, and said, O Jehovah, the God of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Israel, let it be known this day that thou art God in Israel, and that I am thy servant, and that 1 have done all these things at thy word.
<3(ANT

NEWS
AND
HAVE BEEN KNOWN
I
By MADGE ARCHER
TO GROW
6 FHâfy Z.OAZC5
The broadcast will last from 4:00 till 6:45 p.m.
Other Lucerne events Include a concert by the choir of Strasbourg Cathedral, on Sunday, August ISth, from 4:50 till 6 p.m. and one by the Staline Chapel Choir under Dom Lorenza Perosi on Sunday, August 27th from 4:00 to 4:30 p.m. All are being broadcast over the NBC-Blue network.
NELSON BODY RETURNS TO
THE AIR
Ttcusands of the admirers of Nel-*ol Eddy In Canada and the United State# will cancel all engagements on 8 nday night, August 13, to welcome the return of the popular baritone and film star to the Chase and Sanborn Hour. Mr. Eddy remîmes his place oil the program after i. prolonged absence on a concert 'our. Donald Dickson, hla substitut*. Is returning to New York to rejoin the Metropolitan Opera
Ctttr ny.
It H difficult to overrate Nelson Bct.v > popularity In the entertain-mfs: world. This year he was nominated “star of stars*’ In more than or.* .*Ldio poll. He Is equally successful in the concert hall and on thf screen as he is on the air.
Eddy is a Rhode Islander and he wa* torn at Providence, In 1901. It was while he was a newspaper reporter In Philadelphia that he discovered thst he had a baritone voice of unusual beauty and masculine strength. He made his debut le } illadelphla with an amateur theatrical group and, later, In local performances of the Gilbert and Sullivan operas. From- these he graduated to the Philadelphia Grand Opera Company and sang roles in French, Italian and German*
IN NEW ZEALAND

Hear me, 0 Jehovah, hear me, that this people may know that thou, Jehovah, art God and that thou hast turned their heart back again.
Elijah had the
OF THE
GUIANA FORESTS CUTS FLOWER BUDS FROM PLANT* STRINGS THEM TOGETHER WITH/
TO BE HEARD
Farm Broadcasts, CFRB, 1:06 p.m. Monday to Fridays; Farm Broadcasts, CBL 1:30 p.m. Mondays to Saturdays. August 4 11:46 i.rn. CBL Actuality broadcast Deep Sea Fishing In Nova Scotia ...Ox p.m. CBS CFRB Raymond Paige . .
. . 9:30 p.m. MBS CBL Take A . Note (new) . . . August 5. 10:30 a m. NBC CBL Bright Idea Club . .
* . 7 p.m. CBC CBL The Little Review . . . 8:16 p.m. CBL Actuality broadcast from Green Island off Nova Scotia coast ... 10 p.m. CBS Benny Goodman . . . August 6th,
. . .2:30 p.m. CBL Devotional Services ... 3 p.m. CBS CFRB Columbia Sym. ... 6 p.m. CBS CFRB Gay Nineties ... 6 p.m. CBL Grenadier Guards Band ... 8 p.m. CBL Chase and Sanborn Hour ... 9 p.m. CBL Appointment With Agostini . . . August 7, 8 p.m. CBS CFRB Accent on Music ... 8:30 p.m. NBC Magic Key . . . 10:30 p.m. NBC CBL Chicago Symphony . . . August 8, 8 p.m. CBS CFRB Human Adventure . . . 8:30 p m. NBC CBL Information Please ... 8 p.m. CBS CFRB We, The People . . . 10:30 p.m. CBL My Home Town . . . August 9, 8 p.m. NBC CBL Ransom Sherman . . . 9:00 p.m. CBL Songs of the World .. . 10 p.m. CBL Roy Shield s Orch-. estra . . . August 10, 8:30 p.m. CBL CFI^B Serenade for Strings ....
9 p.m. CBC CBL Toronto Prom. . .
. . . 10 p.m. CBS CFRB Columbia Workshop ... 10 p.m. NBC CBL Kraft Music Hall.
In this solemn and earnest invocation of God—the name Jehovah" describing God as he i# himself—the one eternal, self-existent Being—is united with the name which shows his special covenant with Abraham and Isaac and Israel. In his own nature incomprehensible to finite beings, he yet reveals himself in moral aand spiritual relations with his people, through which they "know that which is past knowledge." prominence of the name Jehovah, thrice repeated in this prayer of Elijah, is significant of the special mission, symbolized in this very name, so also of his immediate
He desires to efface

SILK. AND ATTACHES THEM f
TO ms OWN BOOT/ SPINES.
I
INSECTS of the tropics have many curious ways of making i themselves inconspicuous. The caterpillar holds flower buds m 'Its front legs while covering them with silk, then twists its he## around and attaches them to its body.


WORK OF ART
The
16 Negative word 20 It was painted as a
22 Sun god.
24	Furnace basket
25	Morass.
26	To handle.
29 Sloth.
______30 Youth.
PTO 31 This painting ,	““ hangs in the
Answer I# Previous Tussle
HORIZONTAL
1.9 Famous painting pictured here.
5 The pictured lady’s ¦¦ makes % outstanding.
12 Sailor.
14 Yèllow-skinned fruit.
16	North Britain.
17	Digit of the
til-llIJIÎIti.ïlH WMls!
3 Hll WX
ilm wmm	m
;u!ÿiîi Hs;y@(aidH y[«iy
yiyrditi n i;iai3 »j umkis1
PONCE
PE LEON
purpose.
himself. The God of Israel is to show himself as the true worker, not only in the outer sphere by miracle, but in the inner sphere by the conversion of the hearts of the people.	,
:ll
y s is iswuwi
slyiiiii nun minify
üBiee 0!i&m Mflas
sum tiiinju eh sBiiiiiaiS!
"REQUIEM" DIRECTED BY TOSCANINI
The nest Important Toscanini da;e ft set for Wednesday, August 16th. when a performance of Ver-d!’t "Requiem" directed by the great Maestro will be broadcast from Lucerne, Switzerland. Three of the four soloists will be familiar to those who listen to the Metro polltta Opera broadcasts during the winter. They are Zinka Mllan-ov, soprano; Kerstin Thorborg. con-traite; and Nicola Moscona, bass. The tenor has not yet been named.
The Sign
38: Then the fire of Jehovah fell, and consumed the burnt-offering, and the wood, and the stones, and the dust, and licked up the water that was in the trench.
33 Child’s gam* 35 Wings.
37	Throng.
38	Sun.
41 To make
mean.
44 Ragout of game.
46	Stepped upe*
47	Ovule.
48	Cravat
49	Stir.
50	Cognizance.-
8	Artist’s frame. 52 Indian.
9	To loiter.
19 Within.
11 Long-beaked 55 Morindin dy*
56	Hour.
57	Musical not* 59 Liliaceous
foot
After using paint brushes, soak them in turpentine for an hour. Then wipe with a soft cloth and waah in warm water and soapsuds.
18	To sink.
19	Above.
21 Over.
23 To scold.
25	Encountered. « * Powerful
26	Professional snake, golfer.
27	Snare.
28	Native African village.
30 God of the
40 To skip.
VERTICAL
2 Umbrette (bird).
42	Oo on (music) 3 North Africa.
43	Perennial plant
45 To soak flax. 5 Prying spy.
47	To emit vapor 6 Myself.
48	to grasp.
51 Fish eggs.
53 Pretense.
55	Officer’s assistant
56	Inn.
58 Market 60 Artist who
painted It
4 Work of genius.
Descendants of “Fathers of Confederation”

7 Pound.
32	Ozone.
33	Reddish-brown.
34	Grain.
36 Wore shoes.
38	Senior.
39	Rubber tree.
54 Part ct •
circle.

These priests were bitter
fish.
Baal.
opponents of such a prophet of God as Elijah was known to be. And so Elijah commanded the king to bring the prophets of Baal before him at Mount Carmel where Elijah faced them.
%
13 Electrified particle.
15 Wood demon. tree.
Sunday
School
Lesson
31-37: And Elijah took twelve stones, according to the number of tribes of the sons of Jacob, unto whom the word of Jehovah came, saying, Israel shall be thy name.
And with the stones he built an altar in the name of Jehovah; and he made a trench about the altar, as great as would contain two measures of seed.
And he put the wood in order, and cut the bullock in pieces, and laid it on the wood.
Fill four jars with water, and pour it on the burnt-offering, and on the wood.
And he said, Do it the second time; and they did it the second time. A
time; eand they did it the third time.
ELIJAH: A LIFE OF COURAGE.
1 Kings 18:1-46
Go]hen Text.—Jehovah is far from the wicked; but he heareth the prayer of the righteous. Prov.
15:21*.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—The exact year when these events took place we cannot determine; the late Dr. Willis J. Beecher suggests the year 909 or 908 B.C., and this is near enough.
Place.—Mount Carmel is that great mountain range midway along* the Mediterranean shor of Palestine and Syria, * rising from the. western side of the plain of E&draelon. The river Kishon flows past the northern base of Mount Carmel, emptying into the Mediterranean near the city of Haifa.
1-30: And Elijah said unto all the people, Come near unto me; and all the people came near unto him. And he repaired the altar of Jehovah that was thrown down.
Without a word of previous information regarding Elijah, we are simply told that “Elijah the Tiehbite, who was of the sojourners of Gilead, said unto Ahab, As Jehovah, the God of Israel, liveth, before whom I stand, there shall not be dew nor rain these years, but according to my word.” Ahab, King of Israel, was married to one of the most Ticked women of hia-tory, Jezebel; She had brought every abomination and idolatrous practice from her native home in Syria along with all the priests of
m
8

%
mm
And he said,
This group pictured at Charlottetown, P.E.1., on the occasion of the 75th anniversary of the first meeting on the island of the Fathers of Confederation, is comprised of three direct descendants of that distinguished group who conceived the idea^ of^ a u^jfred Canada. Frog)^
Sir Leonard Tilley, who was the New Brunswick delegate at the Confederation meeting; Hon. Wm. J. Tapper, lieutenant-governor of Manitoba, son of Sir Charles Tupper; Hon Geo. D. De Blois, lieutenant-governor of Prince Edward Island; and P. C. Johnson, of Moncton, son of Hon. J. M. Johnson.
T
j he said, Do it the third
Ik#
Prepared to Break Duration Record
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP
YES !
WE'RE GOING OUT TO BREAK THE DURATION
record/
r
i
a
WWAT ARE- YOU
TAKING
HIM FOR?
TO CARRY OKI WHEN I GET
TOO OLD '
I
l


li
à
CS

W jp
NX
X
r
z
/
L
'//
V
s

/kÿ 'A

-diL
?//
-JO
MM. ml. The lieu SyeSirale. toe. »
I
###PAGE###8###

mm.
v* -
eg
un


Look Here
In Memorlams
Holt—lu loving memory of our daughter and sister, Beulah, Mrs. ( hns. Holt, who died August 10th, 1987.^
“Too dearly loved to be forgotten
Parents, Brothers and Sister.

,é\*x*\é\*\*\*\*iA*\*,/(/,xv
kf
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost otcL
PEDLAR’S

\

Singer Sewing Machine Company
Wish to Announce
\
o
v
V
ROOMERS WANTED -Three comfort , able room», modern conveniences, salt-able for school students. Apply to M Hknry Dale, Shewvllle.
\
\
\
a
Bradley—In loving memory of a dear husband, M. J. Bradley, who panned away August 11, 1831.
I sigh sometimes to see your face ;
. But know this caunot be,
I I’ll le*ve you in the care of Him Who cares for jou and me.
Metal Roofing
and Siding
X
ROOMS TO HINT- Two comfortable rooms to let with or without board. Apply to Mas. Walter Elliott, King St.. Shaw ville.
V
\
FREE Home Sewing Course and
ft*
Demonstrations by Miss E. Price, of Toronto, at the Women’s Institute Tea Room, in the Agricultural Hall, Shawville,
N
\

v
X
\
\

ROOMER WANTED - Comfortable room to let, eu*table for student* Apply to Mm». Rat M< Tiirraï», Main Street, Shewville.


Lovingly, Wife.
%
X
Barn and Stable Equipment
Corrigan—In fond and loving memory of Mrs. John R Corrigan who paused away August 11th, 1938.
Her pains on earth are all over And she is safe in Hie fold,
Shut in with her Lord and His Angels Walking the streets of go
Sadly missed and lovingly remembered by sister,
Katie Corrigan.
ROOMS TO RENT—Two nice Urge rooms to let. with or without board. Apply to Mrs. Hector Telford, Main Street, Shawvllle.
X
X
X
\
Cl
FOR SALK — Black Gelding Farm Home, will take any kind of farm stock in exchange. Apply to John Wivkens, R. R. No. 3, Shawvllle.
\
\

Id.
August 14th to 18th
We handle everything in these lines
Roofing- Carried in Stock
v
\
MEN i Here le good paying work with a large manufacturing concern of 800 dally, necessities used in every home. Sure and quick repeaters. No experience needed. Good pay every day If active, and permanent bnelnese certain If persevering. Investigate our plan at onoe with-obligation. Catalogue Free. FAM1LBX CO. 670 St. Clement, Mont-
X
X
x
X
<
Everybody Welcome
x
of a dear wife and i B. Corrigan, who
In loving memory a mother, Mrs. John passed away August 11th, 1938,
We are thinking today of you, mother. And of the days of yore,
When we were all together.
Our hearts are crushed and sore.
We are thinking of your smile, mother, Of the welcome each time we met,
For yon were the kind of a mother Your loved ones could never forget. Sadly missed by
Husband and Family
X
x
X
\
x
DEAN BROS.
Stark’s Corners,
Shawvllle R. R. No. 2.
\
out
X


»:

real.
Quebec
Phone 9-19
Cemetery
Donation»
Money Savers
I
Previously acknowledged $77 10
Alf. Armstrong ...
Mrs. W. J. Dagg ..,
Andrew Sly . .....
W. H. Oorri
Melbourne
Station, Ont.....
Mrs. Hudson. Chelsea .
& T. Hodgins ....
Fred Tborras ....
Wesley Hodgins ..
Mrs. James D. Hodgins
Thomas Fades .........
Ed. Cowan............
Arthur Somerville ....
John Caldwell, Caldwell 2 00
John L. Hodgins ........
Dwight McDowell .......|HH
Miss Maria Ann Hodgins i 50 Harold Hodgins Chris Caldwell »...
C. A. L. Tucker...
Clarence Brownlee .
l
Men’s WorK Shirts
Blue Denim, Plaids, Chambray, some with zippers
Regular selling to $1.2»
Everyone a bargain at 79C
Men’s Work Pants
Stripes and Plaids in cottouade—five pocket, roomy
selling from $1,25 tO $1.75 Heavy Quality Pant Overalls
Riveted pockets, Now selling at........
One-finger Work Cloves
Horsehide fronts. Special at........
Fine Quality Work Boots
Leather sole and half rubber, See these boots at $3.49
8 00
Peppermint It Product
Of Pacific Northwest
Most of us like the flavor of peppermint in candies, gum, toothpaste, soft drinks, ice cream and other delicacies. This pleasant, aromatic oil also helps to make some of our medicines more palatable, and has a wide variety of other commercial uses.
Peppermint, known botanically as mentha Piperta, has been grown In the Pacific Northwest for about 2* years, says the Washington Farmer There are now about 3,500 acres of mint under cultivation in this area Good mint produces 40 to 80 pounds of oil per acre and in 1938 it sold for about $1.75 a pound.
Wild mint is found in many moist spots and lowland areas, but it is of no commercial value, as the oil yield is small and of low quality.
Mint requires low, well-watered muck lands, or irrigated soils. Harvest generally comes in August. Mint land should be summe&fal* lowed. The plants are started from selected runners, which may be plowed out from an oil field and transplanted, end to end in rows about 3Ik feet apart. The cost of runners to set a crop is around $15 an acre. Young plants can also be set one foot apart in May or early June. Constant cultivation is required. After the mint is up about six inches it must be weeded several times by hand, as weeds and grass in the hay will discolor and lint the oil.
Cards of Thanks
8 00
Lignin From Corn Cobs Softens Hard City Water
AMES, IOWA.—In their searcl for some practical use for lignin one of the country’s principal waste products, federal chemists have dis covered that recovered lignin is more effective in treating hard water containing iron than commercial compounds now in use.
At the agricultural by-products laboratory in Ames, chemists of the department of agriculture treated hard city water, hard well water, and water containing added ' iron with lignin prepared from com cobs and found this material to be effective as an iron-removal agent
Supplies of lignin are inexpensive because they are almost limitless Roughly, one-fourth of all wood plants, including trees, is lignin. As a waste product of wood pulp mills, where its disposal pollutes streams, it amounts to about 1,500,000 dry-weight-tons each year.
6,000,000 tons a year is available from corn stalks and an equal quantity from wheat straw. Other extensive supplies are cottonseed hulls and sugarcane bagasse—the fiber remaining after the juice has been squeezed from it.	,
The discovery promises the firsrt extensive use for lignin in its original form, because few cities have water sufficiently pure that it does , not require treatment for removing iron, which imparts an unsightly ap-oearance and undesirable taste.
e #
# a
8 00
We wish to extend our sincere thanks and appreciation to our many friends who were so kind and thoughtful with floral offerings and expressions of sympathy during the illnens and death of our beloved husband and father.
Mr*. Q. Allan Smith and Family.
2 00
two pockets, coat styles.
n »i« $ t
Dale, Haley a
# •
1 00
e • •
2 00
• #
1 00
######
1 00
1 00
Î 00
• #
5 00
FOR SALE
8 00
cut, now
2 00
100.000 Sheets "TITK LAP" Galvanised Steele Rooting, Superior and Council Standard brand»,
5 00
Write fcyor list. EASTERN STEELE PRODUCTS Ltd.
1 00
$1.25
1:125 Delorlmler Avenue
Montreal, Quebec
2 00
6 00
9 00
Poor Policy to Have Hoorn Run Loose
.. v.
1 00
69 cts.
It is poor economy to let hens range for themselves. Nutritional authorities of the Dominion Department of Agriculture claim that where hens are not given any cereals or prepared feeds, Grade A eggs can hardly he expected. The difference between the price of Grade A and Grade B and C eggs runs as high as 40 per cent per dozen according to the gsade. Recently there was a glut on the market of lower grade eggs, wiih an increase in the premium for Grade A. More aystematic feeding of laying stock at this time of the year will return more mosey to the producer. The axiom that a product properly produced i* already more than half marketed is particularly applicable in this case.
At least
Morris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher

Fill THIS SPACE
Send donations to D. J, Campbell, Treasurer
t
It’s the Cat’s Whiskers
That Let It Judge Space
There is an old belief that a cat uses its whiskers to determine whether it can squeeze through a small hole or opening. According to this notion, the whiskers are exactly the same width as the animal’s body, and if they touch the sides of the hole the cat will not attempt to enter, writes a corre s pondent to the Indianapolis News
Although not strictly -true, there is a grain of truth in the belief The large facial hairs, known scientifically as “vibrissae," serve as feelers or organs of touch and contribute materially to the cat’s ability to move about in the dark. These hairs themselves, of course, are not sensitive nerve endings. Facial hairs of this type are particularly well developed both in number and size, in those predatory species which hunt chiefly in jungles and other thick undergrowth.
There may be a relationship between the cat’s whiskers and its sense of sight. A naturalist found that cats with their whiskers cut short were unable to judge distances accurately. In experiments, cats without whiskers would repeatedly miss their prey when springing for it. The investigator concluded that the facial hairs aid the animal to fix its eyes on its prey and that it is undoubtedly injurious to remove the whiskers from a cat which must hunt for a living.
Big Lead Deposit On Calumet IslandiHIHiHil
Upwards of 1,000,000 tons of lead and zinc deposits have been indicated by diamond on the property of the Calumet Mines, on Calumet Island, according to reports made to the Department of Mines and Resources.
In addition, Government engineers are conducting experiments upon a little known mineral, bruche, which has been discovered at Bryson and Farm Point, Que., and fintherglen, near Mattawa, Out.
The brucite discovery, made by M. F. Goude, Ottawa mining engineer, has been found to have definite commercial value. Canadian Refractories, Limited, of Montreal. have taken up options on the mineral and plan to develop and market it. It is not a common mineral, and has been found in Nevada, where the deposits differ slightly from those in the Ottawa Valley.
Brucite is a magnesium mineral occurring in crystaline limestone. The Ottawa Valley findings have been found to be pure magnesuim hydroxide. The mineral is described as refactory material and is used all over the world as relining for metallurgical fnrnxnces and other purposes.
t

#.
VR
Mrs. R. G. Hodgins, Pres. Rev. A. F. Fork* Sec'ty
j



à
»
* x






?*>
Used Oars

mi
1935—Chevrolet Sedan 1931-Chevrolet Sedan
1937—	Poetiac Coach
1938-	Willy* Pick-up 1938—Ford Tudor Deluxe 10®—Plymouth Coupe 1937 - Dodge Coach 1931-Buiek
1931—Plymouth Sedan 1931—Dodge Sedan 1930-Ford Sedan All ready to go at reasonable prices.
ht
s


»
flV*
.• r;:

j==
£
S
-W:
i journey, Bella Coula Kock. Pt. .SS Menant on

Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
• •
EXPLORING /« PROFITS
• >4
Rev. E. W. Crane, Former Pastor, OSes in his 90th Year
T.TTCE the intrepid explorers of those early days, enterprising Canadian business men today are seeking and finding new outlets and new profits in export business. They find the services of thin century-old Bank of value in advising regarding new connections and, later, in handling the financial details of shipments. We invite inquiries from those desirous of extending their trade at home or abroad.
World-wide facilities in all departments of banking
Ford Service
ti
Rev. Edward W. Crane passed away at his home in Toronto on Wednesday, Aug. 2nd._ Some years ago, Mr. Crane was superannuated from active minietry, and has lived in Toronto since that time. He was in his 90th year.
During the greater part of his ministry, Mr. Crane was pastor in the Montreal conference of the Methodist Church, and served at Shawvllle. North Augusta, Matilda, Cardinal, Aultsville, Athens, Elgin and Bell street, Ottawa. His son, Rev. Dr. Charles Crane, died some years ago in Chicago.
Mr. Crane was much beloved as pastor, and hie many acts of kindness will be recalled by his former parishoncre. He was a fearless preacher of the Gospel, and his messages were fervent appeals for the dedication of life to highest ideals.
He is survived by his widow, two daughters, Mrs. E. W. Hink-son, of Regina. Sask., and Miss Mollie Crane, of Toronto ; and one son, Richard Norton Crane, of Miami, Florida.
The funeral was held in Toronto, with interment in Pine Hill ceme lery
Shell Sealed Cat & Oils
In Memorlam! One Rabbit

J. P. Wilson
Long before the days of the WPA, back in rural Piedmont, N. C., of Guilford county, legend has it that a construction-minded rabbit that the name to a backwoods
Main Street Shawvllle, Quebec
Phone 40
Sir Alexander Mackenzie
A giant among Canada's action. Partner in the famous Northwest Company, he discovered two of Canada's mighty rivers. In 1793, at the age of 30, he waa the first white man to reach the Pacific Ocean overland by crossing the North American continent north of the
of
gave
crossroad. It seems that the rabbit became so interested in the prog-of the road building, that he
ress
would come out to watch the men at work day after day. The fate of the rabbit is unknown but his mem —v ig revered by the name of the community—Rabbit Crossroads.
Teacher Wanted
One Roman Catholic Teacher, for School No. 3, must be qualified to teach English and French. Salary, Three Hundred Dollars per annum.
I . Apply to .IS ~
EDMUND LOCK MAN,
St. Andre Àvellin, Que.
Papineau County.
ory
Lake Often ‘Vanishes*
“Now you see it and now you might well be said of Ireland's strange Lake of the Eye which has a way of vanishing over night. Although it covers about 40 acres, it completely vanished in IB33, as it also did once in the early 1800s. It is situated in Greevagh County Sligo, and according to local legend, is under a curse. The curse causes it to vanish from the earth 1 once in every 100 years.


SUBANK of
NOVA SCOTIA
don’t"
WSÈÊÈfàI

fer
CM RD
Mrs. George Hodrins desires to WÊ press her thanks to all those who worked so diligently in preventing her home from Meg destroyed \ y fire on Friday,
- .
*@3
1
W
i
ex-
OVER A .CENTURY OF BANKING EXPERIENCE

Ml

<
I



