###PAGE###1###

If
Hiram Strutt,
Mrs.
Shawvi j-le.
i



$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.CO to the United Exelts
1
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE;, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 28	1940
No 23., ô8tu Yea it
GOWLING BUSINESS COLLEGE
Fou» Salb—Under the auspices of Varm Ladies’ Aid. a Food Sale will be held at Mrs. Barbers Store Saturday afternoon, Nov. 30,
at 2.30 o'clock.
Specials in Permanents-^™. 8. E Chamberlain is offering a special in permanents every Thors, from now until Christmas by a Renfrew Hairdresser.
Phone 48—for appointments.
FREE Motion Pictures
14 Die Romance of Fertilizer” natural color all talking motion pictures, sponsored by Shftwville Milling Company, will be shown
at the SbawvilleTheane jm Saturday night, ÿov, 30th. at 8 o clock.
See how the painstaking efforts of soi! scientists are helping the farmers to conserve an the hidden wealth of the soil; how fertilizers are produced in the magic wonderland ot science and industry. These pictures are intensley interesting and facinat-ing the whole family will enjoy them. They are produced by Can adian Industries Limited.
Annual Meeting No. 10 Red Cross Unit
Clarendon No. 10 Red Cross Unit held its annual meeting on lues-day, Nov. 20th. at the home of
Mrs. E. H. Armstrong
Ten ladies were present and the
port was as follows :
Number of members 13; meet ings held 21 ; finished work-socks 83 pair, wristlets 3 pair. 1 scarf, mitts 3 pair, sweaters 0, pyjamas 10 suit-, pillow cases 0 pair, slings 0, quilts 3 Money, raised bv canvass and social evenings, loî.Uô
Officers, all re-elected, Honorary president. Miss Bean ; President, Mrs. line Wilson î ^ l(,e president, Mrs. Fred Dale ; Seme tary treasurer, Mrs. Armstrong i Official delegate, Mrs. (J. 1 aimer.
PERSONAL MENTIOV
ENGAGEMENT

Shawville Hardware
Mr. Cecil Gordon «peut a few fhys with her parents, Mr. and vfrs Geo, B. Dunlop, at Morehe id.
Mrs. (Dr.) John Tweddell, of King-ton, spent the week end with her mother, Mrs, Geo. W. Dale.
Mrs. Win. C. Horsfield. who has spent the past couple of weeks visiting friends in Ottawa, return rd home on Sunday.
Messrs. Willard T. Hodgin®, of Montreal, and S. R. N. Hodgins, of Ottawa, visited their father, Mr. E T. Hodgins, on Sunday.
Mrs. Heman Lester and son, Howard, of Ottawa, visited at the home of the former’s brother. Mr Arthur Turtleff, last week.
Mr. and Mrs C. A. Burnside, Miss Ne ta and Mr. Lloyd Burnside, of Ottawa, were Sunday guests at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Belsher, at Yarm.
on
Byron—Porter
I
Mr. and Mrs. \V. Byron, of Elm' side, wish to announce the engagement of their daughter, Ena Elizabeth, to Corporal Carroll _ _ Porter, R C.A.F., Kingston, Ont, son of Mr. and Mrs. G. Porter, of Digby, N, S.* Marriage will take place latter part of December.
orner Bank and Somerset Streets Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario school with
reputation. Open all year.
R.
Inspect our
NEW 1941 ALLADDIN
Attend a an established
MARRIED
*. E COWIWC, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
Lemay- Mayhew

Kerosene ( Coal Oil )
At Charters. Qnr., on Thursday, Nov. 21 et, by the Rev. A. Downing, of Starks Corners, Gertrude Mayhew, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Harry Mayhew, of Otter Lake, to Mr. Claude Lemay, son of Mr. and Mrs Jacques Lemay, of North Clarendon. The official witnesses were Mr. and Mrs. Warren Horner. North Clarendon
JAMES A. MILLAR
B. A.. L. L. L.
advocate, barrister,
128 Main St.,Hull,Que.
At Moyle’. Hotel, Campbell’. Be, •very Wedne.de,
MANTLE LAMPS
price<l $6e50 Bnd UP
d
restore
etc.
so
morn mg
At Pontiac House, Shawville, Wednesday at Noon
Mi 4. Thomas Burton, of Bay City Mich., U S A , and her three sons, Carrol. Leonard and Clarence, visited at the home of her sister, Mrs. John Draper, at Starks Corners, over the week end.
every
Hynes—Elliott
A pretty wedding ceremony was held in the Zion United Church, Thursday afternoon when Hazel Pearl, eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs Harold Elliott, became the bride of Guardsman Charles Benjamin Hynes, of Camp Borden, son of Mr. and Mrs. Wesley Hynes, of Clarendon, For the occasion the church was decorated with pink and white streamers and bells.
The bride, given away by I her father, entered the church to. the strains ot the Wedding March, played by Miss Lois Hayes, of j Shawville.
The bride's gown was of soldier
cut street length,
The Ideal Gift for Christmas
GARLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Office—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shawville. Que.
“ Lena Rivers ”
To be played at
Shawville Theatre Friday, Dec. 6th
At 7.45 p. m.
re

J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : CampbelTsBay, Que (In Lawn Block)
ave
blue crepe
with blue felt hut mid black accessories. She carried a bouquet of roses and lily •of-the-valley.
She was attended hy her sister.
Miss Viola Elliott, dressed in In- Reception and Presentations
dian earth crepe, with fuchsia- por Tracy Family at Yarm colored accessories. She carried a	—
bouquet of roses and fern. 0 The	supported by his
The ladies of St. Paul’s Church I brother, Mr. Elder Hynes.
needle work. Christmas Gift table, food table and candy table. A cafeteria will provide light refresh ments during the afternoon «nd
ïSéscs'	3
~~	*	¦¦¦¦ pray of mauve chrysanthemum»
. j roses.
.	,	, v __ , A buffet supper was served at
Death occurred Saturday, Nov, t|1H home of the brides parents,
23rd, at his home in Austin Hee‘ wilic.h was prettily decorated with tion, Clarendon, of James Inomas . ^ chrysanthemums and Brown, in his 75th year.
• He was the eldest son of the late Win, Brown and his wife,
Abigail VV ilsou	.	, i moon
Born in Clarendon on the homy ™ta
stead where lie spent all ot ms The bride travelled in a dress of lifetime, Mr. Brown engaged 111 moroon velvet with matching ac farming until about 8 years ago ce88()rje,e
when he retired due to impaired On their return they will reside
health. In May, ISM, he parried in Ottawa.
Sophia Jane Uodgins, u ho sur* Out of town * guests were, Mr. vives with one daughter and three ^ ^rg g Hodgins and son. Bill, sons, namely, (Ada) Mrs Dawson vVindsor i Mr Clarke Hodgins,
Armstrong, Radford; V ern and f yarm ; Mr. and Mrs. A. Thom
S’Ki »¦:: Jïiïïfî	.
1 Golden Woddtns
seven grandchildren.
The funeral was held on Mon; Ml antj Mrs. David Angus, of
day afternoon to Shawville l mted Charteris, weie happy in the cele-
Church and was largely attended. Nation of their ' golden wedding”
Service was conducted by the Kev. Q|1 Tuesday, November 5th.
C. Armstrong Sa!es, ot Bristol, The couple were married in 1890 who was assisted by Kev. A. b. b the uHV Paleston Roberts, who Fokes, pastor, and Rev. T. E. It. h, now living in retirement in Nurse, rector of St Paul s Angir Toronto. The ceremony took can (jhurch. Mr.	PreH,?,,,	place at the home of Mr. Charles
from the text, Rev. 8 : 17 - God McNeill, father of the bride, who shall wipe away all tears. Dun WHH Mi89 Caroline McNiell. ing the service Mrs. Bland Little There were thirty present at the rendered the solo “Looking ditiner in honor of Mr/ and Mrs way."	,	. mm i | Angus, including four children,
Interment was made at	George, Amanda, Olive (Mrs. Leo.
Grove cemetery, the pallbearers 8fceWart) Qroo (Mrs. Thos Horner) being. Messrs. Edison, A vin and I nd 19 grandchildren. Only one J. H. Brown. Roy and Secil SI?, grandchild. Dora, was absent. Mr. and Harold Carey.	j and Mrs Angus have two children
Floral tributes were received | de(.ya8e(jt Norris and Jean, from the following	.
Pillows—Mother aud Qprdon, Mr, and
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B.A., L.L.B..
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC


• 1 •
St Paul a Ladies Guild to hold Bazaar on Dec. 6th.

On Friday evening, November 15, a reception was held at the home of Mr. and Mrs, Robt, Tracy, in honor of their son, Wilson, and his bride, the former Miss Alley Muf-fatt.
Your boys and girls want Miner "Scout” and "Guide" overshoes "Pictures on the soles"
>*
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with byjcorrespondence
*
with the

R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER > 196 MAIN STREET PHONE, 2-2219 HUtiL, QUlübiiii
At Proudfoot's Hotel, Campbell’ Bay every Tuesday at Noon.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday Evening.
A large dumber of the Yarm neighbours, as well as relatives of the bride and groom were present. The young couple were the re pients of many beautiful gifts. During the evening the congregation of Yarm United Church presented Mr. and Mrs. Robert Tracy with a purse of money. The Woman's Association presented Mrs Tracy with a silver flower basket ; Miss Katherine Tracy received a beautiful house coat from her girl friends, and Miss Mona Tracy, a silver plate from her girl friends.
An appropriate address xvas read by the Rev. 11. G. Steers.
Mc Donald -Drew'
The United Church Manse, Wes t-
the scene of a
You can tell Miner fur trim Overshoes by the smooth "Eve-n-Braid " finish — no rough seams
Smart, Satin Finish Rubber Surface Overshoes
et

D. J. CAMBPELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
WARM

For the
i
wet
FLEECE
LINED
. <T\
slushy
(
days
Phone 3 I.

Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
X
v
Edward H. Mee Passes After Lengthy Ilines *
After a long illness Edward Hobbs Mee, died at his residence, Main Stieet, Shawville, on Wednesday, Nov. 20, at the age of 71 years.
For many years Mr. Mee engag-, ed in farming on the 7th line, Clarendon. About a year ago lie retired and had been residing in Shawville. He was born in Liar en don township a son of the late Mr. and Mrs, Edward Mee, pioneer settlers who came from Ireland. In 1805 he was married to Amelia Adelina Hobin, of Clarendon.
Surviving are his widow ; one son. Gordon Mee, of Ransom ville, N. Y ; and three daughters, Mrs. Harold Dean, Niagara Falls, N.Y.; Mrs. Alex. Milne, 273 Bay Street, Ottawa, and Mrs. Allen Judd, of Clarendon. Cne daughter, Iva, predeceased him by some years
Mr, Mee, while of quiet nature, took great interest in community life. Some years ago he served on the Clarendon Council Board. Since youth he had been a mem ber of Knox Orange Lodge, No. 34, and an adherent of the United Church.
The funeral was held on Saturday afternoon from his late residence to Shawville United Church. Services were conducted by Rev. A. F. Fokes. and under the auspices of the Orange society
Interment was made in Maple Grove cemetery The pall-bearers were, Messrs. W. T. McDowell, Harry McDowell, Goorge T. Dagg, Jack Hobbs, Lendon Workman
and Harold Dagg.	_
Floral tributes were received
from the following
Pillow, the Family ; Broken circle, L. O. L. No. 34 ; Baskets, Hopeful Post Lodge, No. 1633 ; Mr. and Mrs. Monford, and Mr. and Mrs. Charles Brown, Niagara Falls ; Mr. Earl Wilson and Miss Nina Hodgins, Niagara Falls. Sprays from Clarendon Womens Institute : Shawville United Church ; Mr. and Mrs. John Hobbs ; Mr. and Mrs. Amey Barnett ; Thipston family. Nia gara halls ; Adams A Myers, Raison*-ville, N. Y.jEdwin Austin, Ransomviile; Misses Grace and Iva Hodgins, Ottawa.

X
609 Drummond Medical Building

Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE. PLATEAU 63 8 8
»
ft H
James T. Brown Passes
ft IH
J
\
You will like these stylish Miner overshoes.
We have your size in stock — Moderately priced.
Dit. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Come in and see our assortment of smart Rubber Footwear.
baby's breath.
Immediately following, Mr. and Mrs McDonald left for a honey trip to Montreal and otliei
A
k
MINER FORM-FIT RUBBER BOOTS
with lace gusset at top
MINER
BELAIR 3 257


H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
ers \
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
KEEP
SNUG
IC
and
THE

WARM
ONT.
OTTAWA,
fl
FEET

PHONE, 2-7961
Vacuum-
Pressure
Cured
DRV
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA. ONTARIO
for
long
wear.
i
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS]
Specialistson all Visual and Muscular Eye Defect
T, T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins
leg. Optometrist
RIMOUSKI
A leather top rubber bottom shoe that we recommend for its all-round reliability.
i
Reg. Optometrist
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
I After dinner the Rev. K. C. Bol------ -	. ,	ton congratulated the couple and
Mrs. Dawson Armstrong and family exDreMSed beat wishes on behalf of Miss Sarah Brown; Mr. and Mrs. Vern H|| tj,OSB present for many years
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d
SKriîsXt	n., , I o,TMr:,z w.h."-pen, m.™«.
Fire Station, Ottawa; Mr. and Mr*. Cliff ing old favourite songs, under the Brown and family; Mr. and Mrs. J. K. leadership of Mrs. Jhs. Armitage, Hodgins Mr. and Mra. David Balharrie. and later neighlmura called to
Iottoris
Quebec
Shawville
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
eon ; family,
t#
###PAGE###2###
ê
Make Two Pounds Butter From One
/J Q**at£*tesuj4f, tfaod,
Travelled by Horse from Vancouver to New York

Saving Ontario’s Natural Resources


To each quarter pound of butter allow a quarter pint of milk (the creamier the better). Warm a large mixing bowl, cut up the butter and allow it to get soft, but not “runny.” Now warm the milk slightly (don’t make it hor) and with a whisk beat the butter until it is quite smooth and creamy and free from lumps. Gradually beat in the milk, creaming each lot in before adding more. Lastly add a little extra salt. Pour the mixture into a dish and leave in as cold a place as possible, until quite set.
This butter is just a little softer than ordinary butter, so keep it as cold as you can. You will not be able to distinguish it from ordinary butter by taste.
<or„

G. C. TONER,
Ontario Federation of Anglers
(NO. 17)
ONE TREE PER ACRE
The Royal Society of Canada has set up a committee to survey the resources oT the country, and as I wrote last week, the first report of the committee has been made by Dr. J. J. O’Neill of McGill University. Dr. O’Neill took for his subject the exhaustion of our minerals and the necessity of providing jobs for the people who will be thrown out out of work by this eventuality, suggesting that a comprehensive plan be adopted to deal with this, after study of the resources has shown the best methods.
The Clay Belt
Agriculture cannot replace mining in our northern areas for much of the soil is useless and the severe climate is a handicap. The Clay Belt of the central north is about 700 miles long and about 60 miles wider. This is good agricultural land but new crops that will not be harmed by early and late frosts must be found and introduced. Even so, considering the whole north it must be realized that the Clay Belt is just a small section of a great sterile desert as far as agriculture is concerned.
It has been estimated that nearly one quarter of Canada is covered by forest growth and that one quarter of this (150,000,000 acres) bears saw timber; the balance being young growth or trees only suitable for wood pulp or firewook. Two thirds of the saw timber is in British Columbia so that the rest of Canada has, on the average, one tree per acre suitable for timber. Over most of the mining district pulp wood is the only forest product.
Lake Fisheries
Canada has > 186,000 square miles of fresh water lakes, other than the Great Lakes, in its interior. Means should be found to utilize the fisheries of these lakes. Fish grow more slowly in the north and it is an easy matter to delete such waters. Before exploitation goes too far we should know how many fish can be taken from a lake in a given# period without harming the stock. .
These are only a few ideas on a vital subject. Dr. O’Neill was speaking to the geologists but his address should be known to every conservationist.
J

1



&4Cclulioe flouàdnç S peut
PS24

El
E
shelter during German air raids. Carrying a Scout haversack full of big blanket pins, he makes » nightly round of one of the London tube shelters, tucking in and pinning sleeping children’s blankets Scout camp fashion.
scouting ..
official
During his recent visit to Quebec City His Excellency, the Governor-General, as Chief Scout for Canada, reviewed the local Boy Scouts, French and English speaking, and attended a campfire sing-song. A feature the singing of some 300 French-Canadian Scouts.



VOICE
“See Canada Now” New Slogan Idea



S
O F THE
1

was

PRESS
“See Canada Now,” is the slogan proposed for Canada’s 1941 tourist promotion campaign /in the United States by Howard A. Fox, of Niagara Falls, president of the Ontario Hotel Association.
If Canadian travel agencies, railways, oil companies, hotels and resorts got behind such a campaign, a tourist trade of $500,000,000 could be developed for 1941, Mr. Fox said last week.
That was equivalent to one-third of the nation’s war budget.
4
Small flags of two countries were exchanged by Canadian and American Boy Scouts at the fourth annual Peace Arch celebration at Blaine, on the British Columbia - Washington border. Some 10,000 children and adults took part in the ceremonies, and joined in the singing of the two national anthems.

SUNDAY IN CANADA
If all the automobiles in Canada were placed end to end, it would be Sunday afternoon.
—Kingston Whig-Standard

i: ¦
1
g


1 f




EVERYBODY BUT HIM
Another who feels that he must be the forgotten man is the one who has never been asked for his views about anything irt a public opinion poll.
Mary Bosanquet and her horse Jonty are shown in New York at the end of a 4,000 miles horseback ride that started in Vancouver, Canada, in May, 1939. She eschewed the highways for the most part and stuck to tne dusty backroads and byways.
#
“Big Chief Blanket Pin” is the name earned by one young Lon don Boy Scout from the simple but thoughtful service rendered by him in a certain big sleeping
Buffalo Evening News.
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events
Insects which livg, in desert areas do not have wings.
CENSORSHIP “JOKE”
One of the biggest jokes of the year is the way in which United States newspapermen who recently toured Eastern Canada are telling their readers all about Halifax and what goes on there, whereas newspapers in Canada, by order of the censor, can only refer to it as an “Eastern Can
’Quake, Italian Defeats Queer Germany’s Plans
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
I-*


\
Z
»
M,
the decisive role in the British Empire's war against aggression.
Bad news came to Adolf Hitler's last week, some of the most
%
A
%
ears
discouraging since he failed In his plans to subjugate Britain by mass air attack. The reported collapse of a full-fledged Italian offensive against Greece, the sinking by the British fleet air arm of half of Italy’s capital ships, the earthquake In Rumania, meant that the big Axis drive to gain control of the eastern Mediterranean was stalling .. . and that, in the meantime with Germ an-conquered peoples growing restive and U. S. aid to Britain increasing daily, a hundred things could happen to spoil forever any chances of Axis dreams coming
adian port.”

Brockville Recorder and
Times.
#

" Sidelights On Main Issues
BRITAIN: Last week Britain sent ail available troops to the Near East ... the Government advanced $26,000,000 to the Greeks . . . reports Indicated the Government of Eire had refused to give Britain the use of naval bases on the Irish coast . . . the London News Chronicle said that Lord Halifax, British foreign secretary, might soon resign and be succeeded by Anthony Eden, secretary of war .
I
/
MIDWAY NOT NEEDED
The International Plowing Match at St. Thomas not only demonstrated the prowess of plowmen but it proved to a great many men who are interested in rural fairs that you can have competition without amusements. In recent years fair boards have had the idea that it was necessary to provide midways and other paid amusements for the patrons. Yet the plowing matches attracted some of the greatest crowds to attend any competitive event in the province and there was not one game of chance, no fancy rides and no barkers or sideshows in evidence.





im
y/

/
z


• •
7
# # *

PRANCE: Rumors had General Maxime Weygand deserting the Vichy Government and helping to unite French colonial forces against the heme government . . . Meantime General DeGaulle's "Free Frenchmen” captured Libreville, chief port of Gabon In French equatorial Africa . . . Vice-Premier Pierre Laval announced to the French nation that peace negotiations between defeated France and victorious Germany would be postponed until the end of the war . .

true.
Balance In the Balance
Although the military situation all over the world remained comparatively stable during the week, diplomatic activity on all fronts reached the frenzied stage. No one knew what might come out of the German-Soviet talks in Berlin; anxious was the kibitzing done by other powers (Britain, U. S., China, Turkey) who feared that Russia might Join the Axis' "new world order" and upset the balance against them.
5>

%
A divorce was granted in New York State to a woman because her husband chewed glass and razor-blades to upset her. He had been a "circus freak.”

Amherstburg Echo.



Consumption of meats in Canada during 1939 is estimated at 118.9 pounds per capita, an increase of slightly more than 2 pounds over the preceding year.

/2-3
as his next embassador . . . Conversations continued during the week between the governments of Gerat Britain, the U. S., and Australia with regard to co-opera l ion In the Pacific . . . Secretary of the U. S. Navy Frank Knox told an Armistice Day audience that the duty of the United States was to defend the whole western hemisphere . . .

ht int. by tru y«h«f
"Say, Pop . . . was Santa Claus re-elected this year?"

RUSSIA: Moscow district Soviet declared for continued Russian neutrality and armed vigilance, sentiments endorsed by President Michael KaUnln of the Supreme Soviet Presidium . . . Defense Commissar Timoshenko told the Red Army to display the "maximum vigilance in exceptionally alarming International situation" ... a source close to the Soviet embassy In London intimated that Premier Molotov's visit to Berlin might result in new Russian-German understanding* “safeguarding Russia's neutrality" . . . During the week Russia withdrew large number of troops from the Turkish-Soviet (Caucasian) border . . .
Japan Awaits Outcome In the Far East Japan awaited the outcome of the Hitler-Molotov conversations before launching a push Into Indo-China. (Shanghai dispatches said there were Indications that the Japs were preparing for a new adventure, possibly an attempt to take the Netherlands East Indies). Commenting editorially on Molotov’s visit to Berlin, the Tokyo newspaper Yo-miuri said that further “Russian-
co-oper a tion	inevitably
CANADIAN MEN, WOMEN JOIN FORCES IN MUNITIONS’ PRODUCTION
N
A




* * *
CANADA: A revamped public finance system for Canada loomed one of the major prospects of the new session of Parliament Just begun . . . From the country, from within the government's own ranks pressure had been growing that action be taken, along the lines of the monumental Si rois report, to straighten out and streamline financial relationships between the Dominion and the provinces . . . Last week Prime Minister King declared the government’s Intention to act on the recommendations of the report now that the co-operation of the provinses had been obtained, and announced that a Dominion-provincial conference had been called for mid-January . . . Thoroughgoing social, economic and financial adjustments would be made In order to prepare for the post-war period . . . Premier Hepburn of Ontario intimated his intention of attending the conference; but would he co-operate in the adoption of the recommendations of this report?

k
¦
an
>¦


a



»?
German
would weaken the British-dominated “old order," and that Japan was driving for the same goal In the
Orient.
»

vWv-Z-A
mm







Can Depend On U. 8.
Embattled Britain fought on bravely. The Ministry of Home Security announced that 6334 civilians had been killed and 8659 Injured in October air raids • on Britain. Even as this news became public it was admitted In London that the submarine was definitely replacing the bombing plane as primary menace, and that loss of •hipping, lose of lives In the merchant marine might soon constitute the war’s greatest problem.
But Britons knew by last week that they could rely absolutely on the United States of America. Half the United States' war material ?utput was already pledged In behalf of Britain — Mr. Roosevelt had lost not a minute after the elections In making himself clear. Britain could expect ships next, then credits, it was believed. The red-hot question In the U. 8. was coming to be: Shall we get into the W'ur, or stay out? But In many fuarters the view was held that America was reelly In already . . . without knowing It. . . War had only to be declared!

><
m
CHINA: Recapture of Yamchow, strategic Kwangtung city, and Pinglochiao, directly to the north, claimed In Chinese reports from Hong Kong . . . further withdrawals of Japanese forces In South CbiiM. took place. . .

f A
h
was
m
i

• i
%
¦hii
Ù


a
UNITED STATES: A sensational shift of American diplomats to which could be attributed the utmost Importance was predicted In Washington last week. It was reported that President Roosevelt might send no lees a personage that bis Under secretary of State, Sumner Welles, to Great Britain

*


/


J?
Precision is essential in the manufacture of munitions which is bvi: g carried on in Canada on a large scale. Draughtsmen of the gauge division of a large munitions plant arc shown, LEFT, discussing a problem in connection with gauge design for anti-aircraft shells. Working side by side with men in the large job of seeing that the hundreds of thousands of parts involved in Canada’s output of war material fit snugly together when they roll off the assembly line, this talented young woman, RIGHT, is a "tracer” in the draughting room.
#
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS — Shy
A THOUSAND f ) OIDN' EVEN WAIT DOLLARS FOP / f TO COLLECT Hi9 HAVIN HIS	MONEY/THEY RE
PICTURE TOOK 1 ADVERTISIN' FOR
x toothpaste.
Z Z K»
PEOPLE WHO POSE FOR ADVERTISIN' PHOTYÇRAFTS MAKE BIG MONEY/ LOTS OF THEM APE _ MILLYUNAIPES/
BUY
mi
*•# • •
# #
/
##«
»*

• •
<

a e t&S
$10,000 sc I	nL V v i
REWARD	a \ ^
fc • • « •— #	Il * I	^|
*## •	•	•• • • I1 ; "/fy ;	^
• • •	I 1	KaU y^/
1	ni /' T y yz
*
k3
I# • » *
Y/


Canada’s Decisive Role
In the Dominion, Prime Minister Mackenzie King told the people of Canada of the staggering cost they Bust pay for the war — our share running at the rate of one
CKitlAMiy
I 5MOKE
&
K.O.
C1GAREETS
SAYS SOCIETY LEADER,
vXV

l






,1
<
was
billion dollars a year in October, he said — and Informed the country bluntly there were darker days ahead. The Dominion of Canada, he declared, would one day play


u



w71






la« U 9. Hk Off .w. A%
S*
f\L_:
X
I
i
.
*
###PAGE###3###
Fashion Flashes
T
T
drying too quickly, do try the syrup recipe.
Another Dark Rich Cake
lVi lbs. butter 2 lb. carrots % lbs. sultana raisins % lb. seeded raisins lb. dates V% lb. almonds
4	cups brown sugar
5	cups flour
1	teaspoon cinnamon and nutmeg
12 eggs
2	tablespoons brandy
1	cup cherries •
Vi teaspoon soda % lb. citron
Vi lb. citron peel
2	rings candied pineapple Cream butter and add sugar;
then well-beaten eggs. Now add prepared fruit (insures much better flavor than when added last). Next add flour into which have been sifted all the dry ingredients; next add the meats and lastly brandy, mixing very thoroughly after each addition. (Nuts, pineapple and dates should be chopped).

READ ABOUT THE
\

A
A
9, <*
FREE
M^Tea;
Among the extravagant fashions that are being promoted in some quarters in New York for winter is the “cream-natural” (an off-white) to wear with brown fur coats, and tortcise-shell colors in buttons, jewelcry, and accessories, or with amber. The white fur or velours hat is another expression of style interest in off-whites for winter.
B
L
Of FER BELOW

L
K
E
S
i'
N *
•3
#•

-	A
x\>

II


By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
SS
EDWARDSBUR6
“YOUR CHRISTMAS CAKE”
Last week in the discussion on overseas parcels and what to send I gave you a recipe for a fruit cake, which is a splendid recipe to use for those at home too, if you wish a rich cake.
In contemplating your cake preparations, you must first decide whether you wish it to be a cake which can be kept for an indefinite period. If so it must have plenty of butter to insure moistness. The fruit also must
be the best type for the same purpose. A little brandy added, if you wish, will prevent any moulding. Many use applesauce or cooked dried apples, which does give a cake a very splendid flavor and is economical, but it is apt to mold and will not “keep” long. I find a little corn syrup added also assists in leaving your cake moist, especially the light fruit cake type. If you have had difficulty in this type of cake
CROWN BRAND
*
*
*
CHANGE
I
I
New among colors featured in sweaters are bright shades. Fashion feeling for orange has led to the recent addition of tangerine. Two other important new additions are sage green sweater color, since it combines well with browns, grays, beiges, naturals, and patterned tweeds of this season
plish navy which can with every other color and is lively enough to wear even with black. The blue appears in classic types of sweaters.
TO

too*
I
a good
• SERIAL STORY
and a bright pur-
be worn
FLYING CO-ED
BY MARY KINNAVEY MOORE
COPYRIGHT. !*«>. NEA SERVICE. '.NO.
/
/
CAST OF CHARACTERS
wealthy college student, looking for thrills, enrolls in CAA flying course.
Georgette Parker friend.
Published bjf the Canada Starch Home See-
I quick temper and impulsiveness was always leading Anne into mistakes. Georgette only hoped it would never lead her into a serious one.
Driving hack toward Midland I University, however, she forgot Anne’s recent behavior in the glow of enthusiasm over flying. That sudden feeling of exhilaration when Dick had taken his hands eff the stick, his feet off the rudders, and she had realized that she herself was flyingÎ It was a moment she would never forget. She could hardly wait to tell Anne all about it I
Her dark eyes shining, she hurried into the house and up | the stairway bursting into their
and stopped short.
The room looked as though a cyclone had passed through it. A drawer of Anne’s dres.se/ was half open, filmy stockings and lingerie littered the bed, a discarded skirt and sweater clothes Anne had worn to the airport — the floor, the loom.
Almost instinctively, the darkhaired girl threw open the closet door. Anne's little travelling case was missing from its accustomed place, Anne’s favorite dresses were gone from their hangers.
Georgette sat down on the edge of the bed, half-stunned. Obviously, Anne was gone. What was she to do? Inform the housemother? No. perhaps it would be best if Anne’s disappearance were not made public. That let out calling up Anne’s uncle, too. Rut how was she to find Anne by herself?
The scrap of notebook paper • stuck in the mirror caught her eye. Quickly she unfolded it and read it.

*
#
Anne Norris
Alligator leather is having an enormous success this season.
/
LÂÆ vice Dept., heeds* wf by Mrs. Aitkea, W famous Cooking Authority, la# valuable Booklet entitled "52 Desserts". Write for your FREE copy now enclosing a Crown Brand UP'-'	*
Canada Starch Home Service Dept. 4Bf g# Wellington Street East, Toronto.
/
Light Fruit Cake
*
6 eggs % lb. butter % lb. fruit sugar Vs cup white corn syrup % lb. sultana raisins % lb. citron peel M lb. candied cherries (leave whole)
2 rings (1 red and 1 green) pineapple
1	teaspoon	vanilla
1	teaspoon	almond
1	teaspoon	nutmeg
4	cups flour
1%	teaspoons	baking powder
Slow oven for 2 hours.
Put together in exactly the same way as the dark fruit cake.
Anne’s
Learning to fly is a serious business with her.
Pigskin is bigger than ever for sports gloves and bags.
Tony Scott son of a gangster, envies Anne's social position.
Captain Dick Douglas structor of the student flying course at Midland University.
*
#
college playboy,
Massive gold link bracelets are worn over gloves in pairs. They have big lockets hanging off, quatre foil or disc dangles, monogram plaques or jewel set Pendants. *
[HE CANADA STARCH COMPANY iIMITTTT
m-
73 West Adelaide Street, Send stamped, self* addressed envelope if you wish a reply.
ers, Toronto.”

Last Week: Saved from death by Dick’s quick action, Anne is angered when the instructor rebukes her for carelessness. She leaves with Tony as Dick and Georgette take off.
Anne to drive to North Point to marry him. She agrees, gets her clothe* from the sorority house, leaving a note for Georgette. In a few minutes, Anne is on her way to North Point and her wedding.
Newest color matching is glove to hat.
Simple Princess Frock With Button Front
#
Memorial Cross For Canadians
The transparent long scarf of net and lace is seen often.
3139 x
Tony begs

4
$
room
Sizes
tb -50
nr
The black top with light-colored skirt is strong favorite.
• • *
Black taffeta is being worn for dinner-dances.


r ->•

Economy Cake



2 eggs
1 Mt cups brown sugar Và cup sour or buttermilk
1	teaspoon soda % teaspoon salt
2	cups seedless raisins cup candied cherries
M cup citron peel
1	cup walnuts
% teaspoon nutmeg
2	cups flour 1 cup butter
Cook 300 to 350 deg. F. for 1 % hours.
Also use the same method for preparing this cake as in the first recipe.


/





#
#
#
the
X'.jiV,


Gabardine suits are worn with a regulation riding blouse.
V
CHAPTER III
ft:
irk *
were in the middle of But Anne was not in

So this
was what real flying was like, Georgette thought happily as she and Captain Douglas landed. It was true that she had .spent weeks learning any number of things about flying, hut mo t of her instruction periods had been on ground work.
She had heard lectures on clouds and cloud formations and what they indicated as to weather conditions. She had read bocks on the theory of flight, the history of flying, and she had thought of instruments until she saw them in her .deep. But this learning to handle the controls of the ship herself and putting it through various maneuvers was different.
%


r
*
New Sweaters Are Versatile
I
I





Smart Models For Evening As Well As All Daytime Occasions



• <
*

P
t .
There’s infinite variety in sweaters for every occasion, for every hour this season.
The new sweaters for evening are dazzlingly beautiful. Jet, the darling of the season, glistens in sequins and beads from strawberry pink sweaters. Whole yokes of jet highlight black woolknit jerkins or short sleeved sweaters. Jet appears as a border for bottom and neck of a sleeveless jerkin of wool chenille with a long skirt and balloon sleeved blouse of chiffon.
New stitches have been devised to make lovely textures of the knits. One fabric is a fine wale knit made of a soft yarn—beautiful in white with elaborate gold embroidery. Another is tricot-cord, a smooth, closely knit fabric with body to it for the more tailored sweaters. Wool chenille has a. fine nubby surface which gives texture interest to. the sweater for evening.
Pinks, blues, white, red, and black are the loveliest and most important colors for these evening sweaters.
Classics go on for college and country wear — with violet tones gold, clear light blues, and orange-red leading the field of colors.
Soft sweaters are now appearing for wear with town suits. Smocking, drawn work, drawstring necks with little bows and buttons, high square and scalloped necklines are some of the details which distinguished these garments.
11/

N.
The widow or mother of every Canadian killed in the war is entitled to a memorial cross like the ABOVE. If he was killed while serving with the Canadian forces, she will receive it automatically, but if he was with the British forces and was a resident of Canada on Sept. 10, 1930, she should apply to Ottawa.
*
1 «

Miss Chambers welcomes persona! letters • from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and is even ready to listen to your “pet peeves.” Requests for recipes or special menus are in order. Address your letters to “Miss Sadie B. Cham-
)
y
â\ t
M.I *
>â
I
ft
S

It was real. It
I
y
X
was thrilling. “You’ll uphold
• i
the family’s flying honor,” Dick Douglas told her. “Mow’d you like it?”
She grinned hack at him, “You might have known I’d be about it.”
V
i
s.
» v
smart

x ‘t
“Georgette darling don’t care what anyone says about Tony's background
to be married. Don’t tell, PLEASE, until I give the word, Love—Anne.”
She stared at the note fur a moment, thinking fast. Anne and Tony must be on their way to North Point, the marriage mill, some three hours driving distance from Midland. Somehow she must get there in time to stop Anne. But the elopers must be half-way there by now. If she could only fly. Fly—!
An amazingly short time later she stood earnestly talking with Dick Douglas.
“If you think,” he was saying coldly, “that I have time to go chasing after that rattlebrained co-ed and her good-for-nothing young—”
Georgette interrupted him, her voice desperate. “Dick, you must. Annv doesn’t know what she’s doing. If I could only talk to her, I know she’d change her mind.”
“But what can I—”
(To Be Continued)
I
Mr. Caffeine-Nerves Does a Disappearing Act
crazy
%
we're on our way
“i suspected it,” Dick told her. He frowned, and added, “Too bad your red-4eaded friend quit us.”
on
By LOUISE LENNOX
Your morning dress is as trimly efficient as a clothespin — and it’s clothes-pin-slim, too. Very flattering to your figure are its long princess lines and the button-front that’s as slenderizing as it is practical. Made up in a print to match your kitchen curtains or the chintz on your kitchen table, it makes a charming housedress. With long sleeves in wool or rayon, it makes a trim frock for all occasions. The tailored collar is convertible. Why not make up both versions of this good-looking design?
Style No. 3139 is designed for sizes 16, 36, 38, 40, 42, 44, 46, 48 and 50.
yards of 39-inch material, 3-8 yd. contrasting, dress.
Georgette’s face clouded. “Site hasn’t really quit,” she protested. “Anne’s quick-tempered, a n d she’s impulsive, but she’ll he here with me tomorrow.”
she’ll huvp another chance,” the tall, fair-haired pilot said quietly. “But you might tell her this is no place for prima donnas.”
“Don’t
»
out
W
“Well,
X

z
«.r rt	, .	,	. .	I MR. CAFFEINE-NERVES: j
SHE: If you could make your bad temper dis- I Leave him alone, |
appear you’d really be doing a trick !	j Lady—He’s a sick 1
! man !
worry about Anne ” Georgette said confidently.
THE OVERTURNED ROOM As she drove away from the airport, however, she felt a little less sure. That combination of
I
\
I
i
_ J
4
©
Sniffling, sneez in*, aore, . tated noafrils 8ft reliefinnlant-ly with Mentho-latum. Jar» and tube», 30c.
?
s>
Size 36 requires 4%
• »
V
t
i
/
for short sleeved
*
urn
j MR. CAFFEINE-NERVES:
| Tell her you’ll I I ask for advice ! j when you want it !
--^
l
l
Send Twenty Cents (Coin is preferred) to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., To. onto.
Buying Four Pair Of Shoes Yearly
I
SHE- Easy trick to do, too. Just stop drinking tea and coffee all the time. Switch to Postum instead. You’ve got caffeine-nerves!
I
Write plainly your name, address and style number. Be sure to state size you wish.
I
6
I
I
$
30 pays {Are# K7l
m
A
Average Girl in Canadian City Say A Comfortable Fit Most Desirable — Boys Buy Three Pairs, Survey Shows
I

i


A

3%
10
A
C PER SCENE
KEYSTONE MOVIES
For
Christmas
The Ideal Gift For The Family
We Carry a Complete Line of Keystone Camera», Projector» & Equipment
8MM. Cunicr/i—3 speeds r 3.
033.75
16MM. Cameras from - #17.30 up.
H or 16MM. Projectors from—
1*3».75 up.
MpuiIsnI * v r e v ii k . Projcrtlou l.nni'iM - I'»is Head*. Tripod* -KJIllujc Outfit*, etc.
Pictograph for showing Post <*.irds. etc
MAIL ORDER MOVIES Box 494, Toronto, Can.
AH Shipping Charges Paid
L
m

An average Toronto family buys 14.8 pairs of shoes according to
V


W
i
a year,
a survey made among 700 pupils if the Eastern • High School of Commerce. The I survey was made in co-operation with the National Shoe Retailers’ association.
\
!

\
I I



c	MR. CAFFEINE NERVES: *
HE; Say—you re some magician ! My headaches # Ring down the 1
and indigestion sure did a disappearing act { curtain! My act’s ! when I switched to Postum. I fejel fine! j over when Pos- }
I turn comes on! |

Canadians Serving in Imperial forces
>1.25 SENDS 300

"BRITISH CONSOLS”, "EXPORT",
"MACDONALD’S MENTHOL", ....	.	.
"SCOTCH BLENDS" or "LEGION” I HOW tO tCCSIVC theft)
Cigarettes ‘	™”
Advertising appeals ranked as follows: Store windows, paper, friends’ suggestion and dio, said the pupil*.
HIGH HEELS FATIGUE MANY
Thu average girl bought 4.2 pain of shoes a year and the average boy 3.6 pairs a year.
A very large majority of the girls decided that a comfortable fit was the most desirable characteristic.
Thirty per cent answered that high «chocl girls suffered from fatigue caused by high heels. These girls, aged 16 to 18, voted 3 to 1 in favor of having their shoes fitted by men.
nows-
Many people can safely drink tea and coffee. Many others—and all children—should drink them. If
---J
ra
never
you are one of these, try Postum’s 30-day test. Buy Postum and drink it instead of tea and coffee for one month. Then, il you do not feel better, return the container top to General Foods, Limited. Cobourg, Ontario, and we ll gladly refund full purchase price, plus postage. Postum is delicious, economical, easy to prepare, and contains caffeine.
A recent ruling cf V.:3 Mik.'i
Authorities now permits gifts of cigarettes anti tobaccos to be sent to Ccncdlcns serving in the United Kingdom forces duty free.
or 1 lb. Tobacco — BRIER SMOKING or any MACDONALD'S FINE CUTS (with papou) 0U0 DAILY MAIL CIGARETTE TOBACCO Postpaid to Canadian Soldiers OVERSEAS In the CA.S.F. ard CANADIANS IN uHiïÉITKÎR
Mall Order end Remittance let— OVERSEAS DEPARTMENT
G DOM FORCES.
I»
l

W. C. MACDONALD INC.
mm
P.O. Box 1929, Place d'Armet, Montreal, Canada
This Olla subject Is any changsln Qitiinmeol ReiJitien,
525# SENDS lOfiO CIGARETTES
to iBy *ÎR*le «Hilary Address Overseas
no



m
«
ISSUE 47—'40

:«•
i
B
t

###PAGE###4###

?
raanm.
'Kl/ixiyj/iyi/i/i
GDI

saGannncnuanns
WM
5
X
S
THE EQUITY
Carried.
Motion by Dr. S. E. McDowell to adjourn
N
X
55
A Word About Feeding Hogs
X
Hodgins Garage
X
%
*

X
SHAWVILLE, NOV. 28. 1940
X
H. E. Elliott Secretary.
5
S

\

\
V
S
lu order to conclusively demonstrate that theie h still money to be made in raiding hogs at P rev ai mg prices of Feeds and Fork, when the proper Feeds and Feeding Methods are used, CANADA F ACKERS, in cooperation with the many mills which manufacture Shur Gain Feeds for them, are making a drive to
attract the attention of every feeder in betteiing his own lot by showing him how to raise hogs for less money. With this object in view, we offer the following completely balanced Shvr-Gain Feeds at prices that mean real savings and give genuine value to you
21 per cent. Pig Starter, $2.50 per bag
To be fed without milk
17 per cent. Pig Starter. $2,10 per bag
To be fed with milk
16 per cent. Hog Grower, $1.95 per bag
13 per cent. Hog Fattener, $1.75 per bag 15 per cent. Sow Ration, $1.95 per bag
Special lower prices on lots of
Half Ton or over.
K

Bristol School Board

CANADAS WAR EFFORT
i
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service

Chevrolet
Sales

A Weekly Review of Develop mente on the Home Front : Nov 14-21.
\
»
x
Nov. 12th, 1240
Bristol School Commissioners met on above date. Present : Chairman Woods and Commissioners Beattie. Graham and Stewart.
The minutes of the last meeting were read, and on motion of Com**. Graham were adopted.
Motion by Comr. Beattie that the following tenders for wood be accepted : No. 1 School, Peter Doherty at $3.00 per cord.
No. 2 School, Peter Doherty at 33.00 a cord.
No. 4 School, W W. McCleary at $2 25 per cord.
No. 5 School, Cecil Gordon, at 3.50 per cord.
No. 6 school, Harvey Ross, at 32.50 Ji cord.	•
No. 7 School, Kenneth Beattie at $3.25 per cord.
No. 9 School, Cecil Gordon, at $3.50 per cord.
No. 10 School, Wm. Orr, at $3.14 per cord.
Motion by Comr. Stewart that a stove and outside windows be ordered for No. 10 school.
Motion by Comr. Graham that the following bills be approved and paid : Renouf Publishing Co., books $11 11
Moyer Scnool Supplies.........
Boys of No. 10 School, piling
wood in Shed........»
Dalton Dods, piling wood in shed
at No. 2...................
L. R. Keon supplies to schools..
H. I. Smith taking census ----
Stamps..................
Supplies to Schools..,.
Motion by Comr. Beattie that all parties in arrears of school taxes be notified to settle same before Dec. 7th, 1940, or their property may be sold at the land sales On motion of Comr. Stewart the meeting adjourned.
H. I. Smith, Sec.-Treas.
X
X
X
\
59
1—	Canada s diplomatic service to be extended by sending Ministers to Argentine and Brazil. Brazil and Argentine will respond by sending Ministers to Canada
Canada now bas Ministers to the United States, France, Japan, Belguim, Netherlands with High Commissioners in the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Ireland and a permanent delegate at the League of Nations,
2—	Hon James A. MacKinnon, Minister of Trade and Commerce, to head Canadian Trade Mission to the West Indies and South America.
3_Agreement was reached with the British Food Ministry for purchasing during 1941 at least $105,741,000 worth of Canadian Fish and Agricultural products, exclusive of wheat.
4—	Bacon Board announces price of $12,95 per 100 pound for Grade A, No. 1, sizeable Wiltshire sides, delivered at Canadian Seaboard, on all export product put into cure on and after Monday, November, 18
New bacon agreement between British and French Governments calls for delivery in next twelve months of 425. 000,000 pounds Wiltshire sides and cuts. For this bussiness Canada will receive $69,300,000.
5—	Canada’s Army further democratized
commissions to serve first as private soldiers.
6—	Strength Canadian Army, active and reserve, exceeded 300,000 on Oct.
Active Army consists of Canadian Active Service Force which includes Veteran Gaurd of Canada. Reserve Army consists of Non-Permanent Ac tivc militia which includes veterans reserve companies and recruits called for training under the Mobilization
7—	Under consideration : Extension to four months of military training for men called up under mobilization Act. Their training period now 30 days.
8—	No. 112 (City of Winnipeg ) Army Co operation Squadron, Canad-
Air Force, now in the United Kingdom, to be converted to Fighter Squad-Alongside No. 1 Fighter Squadron, it will be second Canadian Air Squadron to take part in battle of London. Canada has three air squadrons
x
x

X
X
3
Miss these real
Buys in Dependable
Used Gars
x
and Trucks
new
One—1938 —Chevrolet Sedan
One—1939—Pontiac Sedan
One—1934—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
Demonstrations Gladly Given on Request Call today and beat the high price

Ask about other Shur-Gain Feeds
%
6 98
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., BEG’O
2 00
»
2 00
.3 25 10 00 19 02 11 72
All further canditates for
J. L. HODGINS
Cemetery Memorials
29
Phone 64-J.
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble
Get Our Prices Before Buying- Elsewhere
Act
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
A large and distinctive Stock to choose from
ESTABLISHED 1883
Phone, 278
November 20tb, 1940
Clarendon School Board met on the above date. Present : Chairman Hod-gins and a full Board of Commissioners.
Minutes of last meeting were read and approved on motion of Comr. Hobbs.
Motion— Comr.' Hobbs that Chairman Hodgins be authorized to sign any distress warrants necessary.—Carried.
Motion — Comr. Wilson, that the Secretary procure half dozen copies of the School Law.—Carried.
The Secretary was instructed to write for prices on slate blackboard.
Motion— Comr. Walsh, that the Secretary notify Inspector Diekson that on the advice of Dr. Percival, that he inspect the school sites in No. 10 and No. 13 districts for the purpose of building new schools, and also procure from him plans and specifications for same.— Carried.
Motion — Comr. Wilson, that the Schools close for the Christmas holidays on Friday, December, 20th, 1940, and re-open January 2nd, 1941.—Carried.
The Secretary was instructed to procure all text books for Schools Nos. 9, 10, ll, 12a, 12b, 13 and 14, as taken from the books of the Commissioners at the completion of their semi-annual visit to the Schools today.
Motion—Comr. Nurse, to adjourn.— Carried.
INVALID
COACH
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
tan
ton
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Lesson of The Flag
AFRICA ANSWERS HITLER
Directors of Funeral Service
overseas.
9—	Extensive re organization of R. C. A. F. headquarters. Purpose of te-organization : to decentralize administration of British Commonwealth Air Training Plan.
10—	Naval College to be re-established. By end of March 1942, 255 naval units with 23,000 personnel planned for Canadian Navy.
Number of units now 155 ; personnel, including Naval Volunteer Reserve, 13.
Hon. Angus L. Macdonald, Minister
of National Defence for Naval Services, said in the House of Commons recently:—
“The whole of Britain is now under attack but in our time she and her Dominions will take the offensive. They are on the offensive even now, for our gallant air-men are carrying the war to the very heart of the enemy countries, and to the territories which Germany has conquered, and our incomparable fleet still controls the seas. Her soldiers have proven their worth at Dun kerque. We shall see Britain trium phant, and long after the name of Hitler has been nothing but an unpleasant memory, the same flag which now waves over crumbled heaps of bricks and stone and mortar, will be flying freely and proudly in the airs of Heaven, sheltering liberty and justice and freedom in its benevolent shade. This is the lesson of the flag flying over the ruins of British homes.
The Governor of Nigeria has received the following letter from Abu-bakar, Sultan of Tokoto, spiritual head of the Muslins of the Northern Provinces of Nigeria :
“We heard that the German wireless has said that the slave-driven natives of the English Colonies are compelled by force to win the War fund.
“That is a lie, and I would like to ask Hitler whether it is by force also that we gather in our mosques schools and offer up prayers from our hearts, day and night, for the success of the British arms and for the downfall of his Majesty’s enemies.
I have the honour to inform your Excellency that £6,216.11.1. has been collected.
“This spontaneous contribution from the people of the Sokota Emirate is a token of their loyal prayers for victory.”
Shawville, Que.
Phone 83
NOTICE
273
11—	Since war began 3,500 ships have eft Canada under convoy, carrying car* oes totalling 21,800,000 tons.
12—	War orders placed or in hand total $849,000,000 of which $540,000,
000 on Brilish account, $309,000,000 on Canadian account,
13—	Eighteen merchant ships to be built in Canada for Britain.
14—	Substantial tank production will start in 1941, except for engines which must be imported.
15—	Shell production is increased to 2,000,000 a month.
16—	New models of radios, vehicles and many household appliances prohibited. Pnrpose : to conserve, machine tool a for war orders.
17—	Victor W. Sifton, General Manager, Winnipeg Free Press, appointed General Manager of Ordanance.
18—	Farm cost of living index ad-
Tanced from 87.2 to 89 8 between Spring «Jumpy> Type Should Not and t all seasons of 1940.	"	*r
19—	Employable persons on relief Smoke, Says Medical Group
September 30 were 52,500 decrease of Little heat reaches smoker’s 58.1 per cent again it figure for last, mouth if he smokes slowly and
throws away that last third, but if he puffs away like a blast furnace
and burns the fag right down to the Pontiac Rural Telephone, cork tip, the heat may reach 14C
degrees or even 190 degrees on a cigar stub—and that, considering that 212 degrees is boiling, is hot. Such heat is more injurious to the tongue, mouth and lips than the •chemicals in the smoke, according to summary of recent European and American medical observations.
The study relates that smoking increases blood pressure in some inMinutes of last meeting were read I dividuals and lowers it in others,
is harmful to persons with stomach ulcers because it increases acid con-
Motion by S. W. McKechnie and Ira tent of digestive fluids, and is a Hanna that six shares of stock be trans handicap to recovery in heart-arteri-ferred from Geo. W. Craig to Fred T. al diseases and bronchial affections. Thomas ;Six shares from the late Ë. H.
Armstrong to Mrs. Iso bel Armstrong -8ix shares, ( New Stock ) to Verner Reuckwald, and six shares, ( New Stock ) to John McCauley.—Carried.
Motion—Ira Hanna and A. Sly, that the Secretary notify all parties in arrears of the amount of their indebtedness and, if not paid by Dec. 10th, their telephone erill be disconnected —Carried.
Motion by Robt Sheppard and S. W. üacKechnie. that tenders be called for a quantity of good body hardwood. 22 ins long, suitable for furnace ; also a quan tity of good cedar poles, 22 and 25 feet long. 7 ins. at top end Must be good green cedar. Tenders to be in the baodf of the Pres, or Secretary by Dec. 12 —
I, William Blair, of Portage du Fort, Que, do hereby publicly apologize to Miss Eleanor E Dagg, of Shawville, Que., daughter of Mr. and Mrs, John K, Dagg, for statements made by me which were detrimental to her character, and I do hereby acknowledge that the statements so made were false and untrue and without any foundation in fact.
Dated at Shawville, Que., this 25th November,' 1940.
and our
WILLIAM BLAIR
County Meeting* L. O. L.
Arsenic From Tobacco
Dr. Edwin E. Barksdale of Danville, Va., advises persons unusually sensitive to arsenic not to smoke. Some persons, he reports, develop itching and inflammation of the skin if they absorb any appreciable amount of arsenic. After studying several persons afflicted in this way, he discovered they got their irsenic from tobacco, and could rec->mmend no cure except to stop tmoking. The arsenic in tobacco •omes from the arsenate of lead vith which farmers spray the grow-in plant to prevent horn worms rem destroying it, Dr. Barksdale j eported. No other insecticide -.erves the farmer's purpose so well, le said, because the arsenate of •ead has the property of adhering :o the tobacco leaf. There is no known way of removing the arse-iote of lead during the curing or manufacturing processes, he added. But only the hypersensitive and allergic suffer.
Bush Lots Fop Sale
John A. Dean, Sec Treas
Substitute for Old Chores “Various factors in modern lif
vv made it more and mure u! u!t for crowing children to ta!
important part in family activ p," ?Prof Ernest Osborne *
; umb o Teachers college. ‘Chores in a city apartment < en n a suburban home are a i.r-t nonexistent j! ihat children are given lilt ar.ee to share in the remarn r nnsibilit es of the home or « f» planning of home activit és ‘ît is necessary for pare its i r.!:c conscious efforts from ll
Offers will be received frr south half of Lots 1 and 2, Range 7, in the T»»wn whip of Onslow. 215 acres more or less. A good stand of timber and wood.
Apply to
W. F. PRITCHARD,
Wyman, Que
The annual County Meeting of the Orange Lodge will be held at the Sliawville Lodge room oil Tuesday, Dec. 3rd, at 10 00 a. in.
Rkx, Wilson,
Co. Master.
N. Kii.oour,
Co. Secretary,
It is only ns
NOTICE
Wooden Railroad Ties
No substitute has been found for wooden railroad ties more than 2,600 patents have been ,'ranted for non-wooden railroad ties n the past 50 years, railway traffic n general still moves on a wooden oundation
year.
Although
To WHOM IT MAY CONCERN
I hereby give notice that I will not be responsible for any debts contracted in my name without my permission.
JOSEPH BELANGER,
Camp bell’s Bay, Que.
arl'tsf years of the child’s life i ivlucie him in the planning of fan v activities and to allow h m 1 srume certain responsibilities f< h c h he is adequate Only as h elf- the fouling or the satis-a *t;f ¦a! conies from help ng to plan -it a* fR or some other prevent. wi e develop the basic pattern of c< ration essential to good citize»
Nov. 21st, 1940
Cheapness, strength, asticity, resistance to shock, ease replacement and electric insulat-g properties are the chief quali-s of wood ties that account for eii continued usage. It has been tinted that more than a billion •oden ties are now in service on 414.000 miles of railroads in the rod Spates—about 3.000 ties to the However, because three-irths of ail wooden ties now used e treated chemically to preserve m, the average annual replacent is only about 75 to 100 ties per ue of track.
The Directors of the Pontiac Rural Telephone Co. met in the Telephone Office on above date.
Present : This. Eades, President ; R. J. Tracy, Vice Pres, and Directors, A 8ly, Robt. Sheppard, Ira Hanna, S. VV. MocKehnie and Dr. S. E, McDowell.
Nov. 21st, 1940
FOR SERVICE
For Service—Yorkshire purebred hog Apply to Russell Elliott, Charteris Phone 30—31.
and approved on motion of A. Sly and
R J. Tracy.
lioV
Traffic Nerves
What makes a person a “Jekyl and Hyde" once he sits in the driver’s seal of an automobile? In other words why do persons, who are normal, kind and pleasant on most occasions become regular “Hydes" when they sit behind the wheel of an 1 automobile?
Dr George H Mount, a psychologist, recently made "at-the-wheel" tests of drivers' reactions using various gauges and apparatus and has reached the conclusion that “jitters" incidental to motor car operation is caused by the sudden shocks plus irritation that increases as traffic thickens The sudden shocks arise from failure to make a signal, sudden cutting in front of driver, failure to pick up enough speed in an emergency and the sudden swerving nec-to avoid a pedestrian
le
How President Resigns
A President or vice president o the United States may resign b; signing a written statement of resj*. nation and forwarding it to the de partment of state—not to the legi? lative or judicial branch of the go\ err.ment. This procedure is se forth in a federal law adopted h 1792 and still in effect. The law say in part:	“A resignation of the oî
flee of President or Vice Pres den shall be an instrument in wntin declaring the same livered into the office of the Sec re tary of State." No President ha ever resigned, but one vice pres dent has—John C. Calhoun of Soul Carolina. He quit the vice pres dency in 1832 in order to become ; senator.
Purebred Yorkshire Boar, young imported. Service fee $1 00.
Apply to
The statement also is made that although there is no evidence to indicate that use of tobacco actually starts any diseases, it may be responsible for many cases of cancer of the lip and tongue where there already was predisposition toward cancer.
The nervous, "jumpy" type, whose heart beats faster at the slightest excitement or stimulation, will often have a runup in pulse rate to as high as 90 on one cigarette, the study states. This type is advised not to smoke, but pessimistically informed that they -arc exactly the temperament which fills the ranks oJ chain smokers.
B* Li L< 1GIN Shaw ville, Que
Purebred Tam worth Hog, Serv ice Fee $1 00. Apply to
Kknnkth Firik,
R. 1 Sbawville, Que
Guessed Wrong
Charles Laughton and Clark Ga-e battled to get out of "Mutiny the Bounty," both of them telling •rector Frank Lloyd that the story ridiculous and unbelievable. It as one of the great pictures of the >st five years, and Laughton’s Caplin Bligh will go down in : story
"oung and Cary Grant were the appiest trio in the world during the naking of "Topper." It was one of he loudest howls of the season.
Service
Registered Yorkshire Hog
fee $1.00. Apply to
and df
Hrrb. Mitch km, Hodgins. Que
screen
Connie Bennett, Roland
Pure bred Yorkshire Hog, Service fee $l.oo,
un
Qamukl Knox,
McKee, Que
'Wiirv
i

###PAGE###5###
3
I
4
See The New Washers { Raw Furs wanted
nr
rjr
Yr
Cat Teaches Her Kittens Like Any Human Mother
A cat will play with her kittens i like any human mother with her ‘ babies. She will teach them how to catch mice. She will teach them to take care of themselves when sick ; to dip a feverish foot in cold water; to lie before a warm fire if they have a cold. And just as American Indians learned from the wolves that a sulphur spring cures rheumatism; from the bear that a red-clay bath will heal wounds ; from deer that fresh ferns will cure fever; from dogs that “dog-grass” will make well a sick stomach; so Europeans first learned the virtues of catnip, or mint, from watching sick cats.
An old Fifteenth century herb-doctor wrote:	“Cat-mint is of a
sharp smell and pierceth into the head. It hath a hot taste, with a certaine bitterness. Nevertheless this pungent mint is a present help for them that are bursteen inwardly by means of some fall received from a very high place, and that are very much brused, if the iuyee is given with wine or meade.”

%
Why not deal in that old washing I I wish to announce to the public that machine for a new one ] A fair I am in the market for all kinds of allowance made on old machines. ; Seasonable Raw Fur and assure highest New ones priced as low as $09.95. | market prices
CLIFFORD CONE
Agent for Gilson Snow Bird Washers Centre St., Shaw ville.
NOVEMBER BARGAINS I
The Equity

é
9
9

Bitflblluhed 1883
PUB MAH 8D IfiVKHY THURSDAY AT
SUAWVILLB, QUEBEC
9

NORRIS R. HORNER,
Licensed Fur Dealer, Shaw ville, Que.

*
B
Colored and Patterned Marquisette
Very good quality dotted pastels and white ground ; also colored dots and figures on white
November special at 19c per yd.
Phone, 43
annual subscription
$1.60
I
Anywhere in Canada To United States
2.00
• #
• • •
Ours !
KNOW
YOUR
COUNTRY
ground
All arrears must be paid in full before any paper 1» discontinue
W
Grey Cotton Special
Better quality grey cotton featuring satin-like finish, 36 inches wide.
0
VV. O. COWAN, PUBLISHER
smooth,
a


Only 10c per yard
Robin Hood Mythical
r Symbol or Real Man
The gallant Robin Hood, unsurpassed in archery, skilled in swordplay, romantic and gay and full of the milk of human kindness, is as well-known and living a figure to us of today as he was to Sir Walter Scott, Washington Irving and untold thousands of the years gone by. In fact, he may be more of a moving and breathing being today than ever before, for Douglas Fairbanks and Errol Flynn contributed to make him a dynamic and lovable figure on the screen.
But did the stalwart champion of the common people ever really live? The fact is there is no actually conclusive historical proof that the beloved robber ever lived Outside ballads and story books. J. Stacye is of the conviction that Robin Hood was a real man, but he adds, “A clever analytical critic might, perhaps, very easily cut up any theory that has been given on the subject.”
The first known mention of Robin Hood is in William Langland's poem, “Vision of Piers the Plowman,” published about 1377. He is next mentioned in Wyntown’s “Scottish Chronicle.” After that the legends and anecdotes of the stout-hearted woodsman and his merry men grew thick and fast. In Sir Walter Scott's romance, Ivanhoe, Robin Hood plays a prominent part, and appears under the names of Diccon-Bend-the-Bow, Locksley the Archer, and finally under his traditional name of Robin Hood.
Some historians and fiction writers incline to feel that “merrie Robin” was a man of flesh and blood, though they realize the want of historical data to support them.
Until
%

OH

Lustrous Finish Velveteen
Extra fine quality velveteen. Colors—navy, green, wine, black and brown. 36 inches wide.
November special, 55c per yard
in bbU )
•=»
auction
'• ^ R ™-
g##
gchcmc)*
(pro
19^3
1929
1932
Reversible Wool Smyrna Rugs
A truly outstanding special in first grade all wool reversible Smyrna Rugs
25 x 48 $3.95 ; 50 x 60 $5.95
1939
no
Brain Tumor Detected
With Electric ‘Brain*
An electrical “brain” that analyzes the human brain—determining whether the owner is mentally ill and the nature of the illness, and detecting the presence and defining the location of a brain tumor—recently attracted the attention of doctors at the scientific exhibition of the American Medical association in Seattle.
The device, technically known as an clectro-encephalograph, was exhibited by its designers, Dr. Frederic A. Gibbs. W. G. Lennox and A. M. Grass of the Boston City hospital.
The electrical brain detects and records the waves that are generated by millions of tiny “dynamos” in the human brain, sorts them out according to wave length and energy and draws a spectrum of them so that the scientists can analyze the contents of a brain.
Discovery of the method of analysis was announced a year ago by the Boston City hospital scientists and since they have studied thousands of brains, ill and normal, and have discovered that the principal peak in the spectrum curve gives an index of the mental state of the individual. Schizophrenia, the disease of split personality, has a principal wave frequency of 10 per second, and the epileptic, when a shock is approaching, moves the principal wave frequency to 9 per second.
The normal person, Dr. Gibbs explained, has a brain wave spectrum ranging from 1 to 50 waves per second, with the greater amounts of energy in the lower frequencies. When abnormal conditions arise the energy shifts from the higher to the lower frequencies.
“The brain can be likened to a great electrical network into which a great many powerhouses are conducting electricity, each one at a different frequency. Some of them are up to great strength and others die down. We can’t see the powerhouses, but by measuring the voltage of each frequency we can tell at which powerhouse there has been some change in activity and, perhaps, what caused it.
Wool Gloves
Plain and fancy wool gloves, assorted colors.
November special, 49c
Army Flannelette Work Shirts
An excellent value in medium-weight army flannelette work shirts in grey or blue.
November special 89c
# REAL SAVINGS are the excess of earnings over expenditures.
BY SAVING NOW you build present security and make provision for future needs when your earnings may be lower.
THRIFT is a symbol of responsibility.
For your convenience there is a SAVINGS DEPARTMENT at each of our branches in Canada.
Know Your Bank—it can be helpful to you.
Doeskin Work Shirts
Made of high quality “Abitibi" heavy doeskin in brightly colored checks. Full cut, triple stitched, open front style, double yoke, two breart pockets
November special, $1.39
Mens’ Work Sweaters
Dark brown heather, assorted sizes.
November special, $1.59
The BANK of
NOVA SCOTIA
Boys’ Fancy Brushed Wool Sweaters
Colors, blue and green, with zipper,
November special, $1.39
4
EST. f 832 — OVER A CENTURY OF BANKING EXPERIENCE
Original American Flag Made in 1775 by Hulbert
This business about Betsy Ross and the first American flag is being stirred u\> all over again.
Betsy, says the Suffolk County Historical society of Long Island, missed putting together the first American flag by a full year. The organization has a flag to prove it.
Thousands of visitors to the New York World's fair, it was disclosed, have gone away startled after seeing an inscription beneath a tattered banner in the Long Island Regional exhibit of the New York State building there.
It reads:
“The John Hulbert Flag—Original Stars and Stripes—1775.”
The banner, says the plate, was carried by John Hulbert*» company of the Third regiment of New York, from Fort Ticonderoga to Philadelphia in the fall of 1775 crews are said to have found the flag in the walls of a house owned by Hulbert in 1775.
Its six-pointed stars are arranged in the form of the crosses of St. George and St. Andrew, set on a blue field which ends at the sixth stripe.
The New York group makes the implication that it was from the Hulbert flag that George Washington got the idea for the banner he had Betsy Ross make.
Hulbert's flag, says the Suffolk County Historical society, was seen by members of the Continental congress in Philadelphia in the latter months of 1775.
Girls* Fancy Brushed Wool Sweaters
Colors, wine and royal blue, buttoned. .
November special, $1.49
iziziz'ziziziziz'zziz'ziziztz'ziz'zizi/ /'z,
xiziZ'ZizizizTzizizixizixiz*zl/
ziziz
i XI
The Hedging Lumber Co.
Boys' Fancy Windbreakers
Fancy checks and plain colors,
§
$1.98 to $2 25
>
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
\
Men’s All Wool Windbreakers
A large assortment to choose from. Neva Wet quality.
X
X
Acme
From $3.00 up.
Grocery Specials
Repair
25c
Fen Bars Castila Soap .............................
Arctic Dubbin, guaranteed to waterproof leather ..
Mixed Biscuits, two pounds..........................
diant-six Box Soap Chips ...........................
ghirritFs Fruit Pudding, a real treat ..............
Fresh-ground Coffee, per pound .....................
Phone 27
Being Secret Agent Not Life of Immaculate Ease
Spy . . . secret agent . . . espionage . . .
We have to admit that there is about these words something which, for want of a better name, we must call glamour.
Much of that glamour, of course, is false—built up by books, films and plays in which the secret agent is shown leading a life of immaculate ease in a luxury hotel, or shooting his way to freedom in ‘a sinister-looking street.
Fiction never shows the spy as he really is—a lone wolf, working in surroundings where no man can be called his friend; working for a government which, ready to reward his services if successful, must entirely disown him if he is discovered and sentenced to death—or worse.
In the quarter of a century that has elapsed since the last war, much has been revealed about the workings of the secret service; the ways in which vital information has been transmitted. Clever, ingenious—yet . how old-fashioned many of those methods seem nowl Modern warfare is a matter of lightning decisions, swift moves, and the message written in the hem of a handkerchief or concealed on a coin definitely has its limits.
The man who stops his bicycle
near a harbor and gets out his pump to pump up the tires may actually be getting out his camera. The camera spy today can be more subtle and less suspect than ever before, because of the amazing development in lenses and film emulsions which has taken place in recent years.
One of the biggest shocks we administered to Germany when the last war was over was the revelation that we had been possessed of a large number of her very secret codes, and that thousands of “confidential” messages were translated for our own advantage.
15c
29c
THE HODCINS LUMBER COMPANY
25c
25c
Quebec
Shawville,
39c
MacLean’s
RED 6 WHITE STORE
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
I 4
New 1941 Model
Cub Candid Camera
SI.OO Value
For only
15 Cents and one cartoon
From any Pepsodent
Product
OS3S3SJSJSS0S3OS3SSSJSS3S3S3S%3SSOS3S3SSS3S3OS3l3S3S3S3SSSSJSS3fSSSSSSSS3SSSSS3S3S3RSSS8S8SSS
Christmas Photos
At the same pre-war prices
»»
ht
65c
Hursley Blend Black Tea, per pound
Coffee, fresh ground, per pound....
Prunes, fresh crop, two pounds ....
Maple Leaf Lard, pure, per pound Germ Meal, dark, five pounds ... Washington Coffee, three tubes.
Condensed for soldier box
39c
21c
10c
23c
Our SPECIAL CHRISTMAS OFFER Two Extra Photos with each dozen
Plus Provincial Tax of Two per cent. Many up-to-date Folders to choose from
10c
Christmas Cake Ingredients
II. IMISON
PHOTO ARTIST
Seeded Raisin*. Seedier Raisins, Bleached Sultana Raisiné. Currant* (bulk and pkg.), Orange. Lemon and Citron Peel, G laced Cherries (red and green). Marischino Cherries, Glaced Pineapple. Crystalieed Ginger, Walnut*. Almond*. Wintergreen, Mince Meat, Silver and Carroway Trimmings, Flavorings. Spices and Molasses,
THE CORNER STORE
All finishing dsns Enlargements, all
Amateur finishing a Specialty, on Velo* double weight paper, sises and colored, It required.
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre fits SHAWVILLE. QUE.

###PAGE###6###

vO -
v




“YOUR OVERSEAS FRUIT CAKE"
If made In coffee tins It will be ready for packing. Be sure and grease well and use plenty of waxed paper;
Vz lb. pitted dûtes % lb. table figs '
% lb. seeded raisins % lb. Sultana raisins 1 lb. currants 1 lb. chopped citron peel H lb. chopped candled pineapple % lb. chopped candled cherries % lb. halved blanched almonds % lb. halved filberts 4 cups sifted pastry flour 1 teaspoon baking powder H teaspoon baking soda
1	teaspoon salt
2	teaspoons cinnamon 2/3 teaspoon mace
1/3 teaspoon all spice Ginger and nutmeg 1 lb. butter 1 lb. brown sugar 9 eggs
1/3 cup grape jelly
Method:
Prepare all fruits and combine peels, pineapple and nuts.
Measure flour and sift 3 times with baking powder, baking soda and salt and spices.
Cream butter and blend in sugar. Beat eggs well and add to sugar and butter, beating together well. Now add fruits and nuts, then add dry ingredients and lastly add the jelly. Grease pans with 3 layers of paper. Bake about 3 hours in slow oven 275. This make 2 sqares (8”) or 4 pound coffee tins.
SHORTBREAD
New Matron Goes Overseas
T
laid it open on the bed, filled it with clothes snatched from dresser drawers and closet hangers. She snapped it shut, slipped out of the skirt and sweater that she had worn to the airport, and into a smartly simple, green dress that she realized brought out golden lights in her hair, and somehow, she seemed to think, made her eyes look mysterious. .She glanced at the reflection in the mirror.
T
• SERIAL STORY
A
A
%
FLYING CO-ED
; %
L
B
3

BY MARY KINNAVEY MOORE
COPYRIGHT.
NBA SERVICE. '.Ntt
K
L
â
> .j
)
%:
S

£
!f
And in another moment they were in the air.
CAST OF CHARACTERS ANNE NORRIS—wealthy college student, looking for thrills, enrolls in CAA flying course.
GEORGETTE PARKER —


M

*

By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
a
F
“LET'S GET MARRIED*'




<
Tony and Anne went to Tony’s car. As they slid in under the wheel, he put one hand over Anne’s.
“They’re not worth bothering about,” he gloated, “we’ll show them they can’t run you. Come on, Sweetheart, let’s do like I’ve said, go on over to North Point come back married.”
“Oh, Tony, no. I just can’t.”
“Why not? Do you want to stay here and be pushed around by that flying guy, and have your uncle tell you ‘do this, and do that, and don't do this and don’t you dare do that'?”
Anne's vanishing anger was whipped into a flame by Tony’s words and, quick to see her indecision, he went on:
“They treat you like a baby, protecting you from this and from that. Seems like they don’t want you to grow up. I bet if that Captain Douglas could have reached for a 'dunce cap he’d have tried to put it on you.”
Anne made a quick decision. “All right, Tony, I’ll go.”
“That's it, Sweetheart,” Tony exulted, “we’ll hit the bright pots, and show all these people that Tony Scott and his wife don’t need to go bowing to anybody.”
“But I want to get some of my
Drive me I'll be only a minute.” Anne was already hoping that she could go in and out of the house unseen.
“Don’t park, Tony.
«ü
“His Party Overseas”
This party must be planned with exceptional wisdom and care. The guest of honor of course will b* “Your” soldier overseas. The place, —somewhere in England or may be in Iceland or maybe In British Columbia. And the time of the party will have to be. immediately upon arrival.
Begin preparations for this box at your local post office. Get the printed rules; you wilt readily learn the advantages of following them very closely. In packing your box sentiment will have to be subdued somewhat and common sense followed as your guide.
Some of “his” favorite goodies will neither carry well nor keep. Do not enclose such things as soap, toothpaste and pomades with eatables no matter how well rolled and packed. The box may be packed for clays In a very cold place or in a very warm one. A blending of favours may become very unpleasant tastes. Cellophane, wax paper are all boons and everything should be well wrapped. If your box for packing is not tin, procure the strongest corrugated box made for the purpose. Wrap in strong cotton or sheeting rather than paper, sew up with strong twine and a darning needle. Lastly the plain printed address. Anything knitted always make a fine pad between layers. What to send,—? Shortbread and fruit cake have always been favorites and of course fudge. Fruit cake should always have the best of fruits — they keep moist and are preservatives, —do not use applesauce in your cake, it will mould. Corn syrup helps a cake to be moist and also should be used in fudge for mail-


“ Well, Anne, you cl:n’t look like the happy about-to-be bride, but I guess you’ll do.”
She put on a green hat, with the dull gold feather, drew on fleshly white doeskin gloves. Then, picking up her topcoat and bag, she opened the door a crack, peered into the hall, listening intently. Suddenly, as if a demanding thought had come to her, she hastily closed the door, set down the bag and coat and went to the study table. She tore a page from her notebook and wrote a short message, tucked it into the corner of the dressing table mirror.
Once again, she picked up her things and went to the door, opening it cautiously. After a moment of intent listening, she tiptoed into the hall and down the stairway. The distance to the hall doorway seemed endless, but she managed it, unheard and unseen, and was out of doors headed away from the • direction from which students might come.
HEADED FOR THE LICENSE
Tony’s too conspicuous car was at the curb in front of the book store, and Anne had a moment of ardently wishing he had not bought a car that no one could possibly fail to see.
He leaned over from his driver’s seat and opened the door for her, urging:
“Come on, Sweetheart, that marriage license bureau will be closed.”
And they headed the car out toward the highway that led to North Point.

I
Anne’s friend. Learning to fly is a serious business with her.
college playboy, son of a gangster, envies Anne’s social position.
P
:
TONY SCOTT

CAPTAIN DICK DOUGLAS—
-,
ate

instructor of the student flying course at Midland University.
*
*
and
Anne ^ib4, Georgette enroll for flying instruction in CAA sponsored college courses. Anne is more interested in Tony than in flying. But she promises to be a headache to Instructor Dick Douglas. Forgetting all about flying as she sees Tony's car approaching, Anne walks toward a spinning propeller. Georgette screams.
Chapter 1

Dorothy MacRae, of Gould, Que., has been appointed matron of the No. 1 Canadian General hospital, C.A.S.F., in England. She will leave Canada in the near future to assume her new duties.
, ten to your “pet peeves.” Requests for recipes or special menus are in order. Address your letters to “Miss Sadie B. Chaîner», 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto." Send stamped, self-addressed envelope if you wish a reply.
CHAPTER II
There was a split second that was horror for that small group of people, Georgette, Dick Douglas, Bob Davis, and Anne. Then Dick was racing toward the girl, roughly snatching her back from the whirling metal blade. Anne hardly realized that he had saved hey life.
“Of all the boneheaded stunts, than wins the prize." Dick’s slow voice was full of anger and of sarcasm. “You’re just the type who thinks ‘stop, look and listen’ was meant for everybody else.”
“You needn’t use all your sarcasm on me,” Anne flared. “I probably wouldn’t have walked clear into that prop anyway. But thanks for saving my life.”
“THANKS,
GALLANT KNIGHT!”
“Listen, Miss Norris, don’t thank me. We’re training thousands of students all over this country, and we’re not interested in fatalities. I just didn’t want our safety record spoiled.” Dick’s cool voice added to Anne’s rage. In a moment she would have been in tears, but Tony’s hand on her arm brought her attention to him.
“I saw you, as I parked my car,” he told her. “Are you all right?” He put one arm a bit too solicitously about her shoulder.
One-piece Shoe
Is Unique Model
% lb. butter 2/3 cup brown sugar 2 cups sifted flour Candied cherries Nutmeats
Have butter soft and cream until fluffy—gradually add sugar, then flour sifted with salt, Turn out an board and knead in flour until cracks appear on surface. Put into a thick layer In ungreased panflute edges, prick with fork, decorate with nuts and fruits. Bake In slow oven.
A revolutionary new shoe for women, with the sole and the upper molded from one piece of leather, is being shown in New York.
Jodel, the designer, says him shoe is based on the theory that since a foot is a continuous series of curves, it should be encased in softly curved leather, rather than in a shoe with a stiff sole tacked on the bottom.
The new design is rain-resist-there’s no seam for water to seep through. Three steps in the soft-soled shoe’s evolution are exhibited in the shops.
things at the house, there.
Drive
around and I’ll be down by the student book shop in 15 minutes. There probably won’t be many there now.” Anne hopped from his car as he slowed down at the end of sorority now.
Mies Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased t0 receive suggestions on topics for her column, and is even ready to lie
(To Be Continued)
ant
Bronze shoes are back in
UNHAPPY BRIDE-TO-BE Walking as fast as she could without attracting attention of the few students who were on their way to late afternoon classes, Anne reached the house. She could hear the voices of some of the girls down in the chapter room, but there was no one on the first «floor, and she dashed up the stairs and into the room she shared with Georgette.
Quickly she took her traveling case from the corner of the closet,
ing.
style.


/
A
f
at a a
/

/
i



“She’s great,” Dick Douglas spoke again, “with a whole field to stroll in, site walks Tight at a whirling prop.”
l*l already have said ‘thank you,’ Mr. Gallant Knight.” Anne’s anger had brought color back into her cheeks, and her eyes were snapping. “It must be grand to be a hero.”
Tony, still with his arm about Anr.e, cautioned Dick, “You’d probably be a little nicer to this girl if you knew who she is — Arnold Dwight’s her uncle and her guardian.” Ho stopped impressively.
“Thanks, I know all that,” Dirk started toward the cockpit of the ship, “but she’s just a glamor gir’ with a rotogravure complex.” *
Anne stared at him in angry hatred, puiled herself free from Tony’s arm, moved quickly after Dick, stopped him with a shaken, almost sobbing voice. “You’re not going to have me as a student just to add to your glory.”
“Come on, Anne,” came Tony’s urging plea, “let’s get out of this.”
“All right, let’s,” she agreed shakliy, “I'm tired of being always in the wrong.
Tony took Anne’s arm possessively and together they crossed to his car, while Dick Douglr.s reassured Georgette.
“Forget it. Yqu were scheduled fcr advanced maneuvers this next half hour, so come on and see hbw it feels. You’d better be good or that airline pilot brother of yours will hold it against me.”

99
.

r


f

/

l
GOOD COMPANIONS
For Fall and Winter




to
v»toT ‘

Thanks to R.C.C. Course and Placement Bureau
n
*7
SB:
«0
A career in Wireless offers a great future to any ambitious man— there may never be such opportunities again as there are today! Big-pay civilian and government positions are NOW WAITING for trained men, and promotions are rapid. You do not have to give up your present job or leave home to start training—many other men like you have learned successfully through our unique system of Home-Study.
But you must choose the right school for your training, since it effects your whole future in Wireless, and how much money you can earn for the rest of your life.
Radio College of Canada has for over twelve years been recognized as a leader. Our courses are PROVEN by the rapid promotions given our graduates, and the money they now earn. We honestly believe that every student who enrolls NOW will be able to secure immediate, profitable employment on graduation. Don’t HUNT for a job. TRAIN for one! If you are over 18, have at least two years of High School, and are willing to study hard for a few short months, ACT NOW I Fill in the foupon below and mail it TODAY!

U
z
k»
-u

m
m
%


on
y/A
/

!
&

1
A











W/



ê
A

h ( u

t
The original of this letter may be seen on file at Radio College of Canada. Its writer is only one of a number of R.C.C. graduates now earning big money, each selected from the cream of wireless operators in Canada.


3QE
i

3212
SIZES 12-AO
/1

Practical Radio Course
Broadcasting Stations and Recording Studios, many of Canada’s leading Radio Manufacturers, Radio Jobbers and Dealers NOW employ operators, inspectors, testers and service men who were technically trained by R.C.C. Other graduates of this course start in business for themselves on small capital outlay. Learn Applied Radio, Electronics, Talking Pictures, Electric Eye, Frequency Modulation, Public Address Systems, etc. Course may be taken by Home Study, or in Day or Night Classes at College. Easy terms granted.
Wireless Operator Course
Trained Radio Operators are urgently needed in civil and fascinating work on Lakes boats, in Air-Porta, Forestry Services, R.C.M.P., and Land, Sea and Air Communications. Wonderful future, too. Train by Home Study, or in our modern Toronto College in Day or
Easy terms granted.
ere'; MORE Proof !
When the last class in Practical Radio (Home Study) graduated on Friday, Sept. 20th, 1940, our Placement Bureau had joba waiting

tïSâ
yfcw
ili
3y LOUISE LENNOX
Good companions for Fall and Winter are this trimly tailored Jacket and well-cut skirt. You’ll wear them together or slip the Jacket cn over your wool frocks, top the skirt with your new swearers and blouses. Mix plaid with plain for an interesting combination, but if you would appear taller, make both pieces of one material. The pattern may also be developed in silk or sheer wool to make a good-looking alloccasion frock with short sleeves and a small shawl collar.
Stylo No. 3212 is designed for sizes 12, 14, 16, 36, 38 and 40. Size 16 requires 1% yards of 64-inch material for Jacket; 2 yards for bias skirt.
Send Twenty Cents (coin is preferred) for Pattern to Ix>uise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your Name and Address and Style Number. Be sure to state size you wish.
8#:
“Some time ago, when CKCL required an operator in a hurry, you gave us the man—and the man has given us the performance. The operator I refer to is Stuart Brammer, who is now Day Technical Supervisor of CKCL. Stuart has become a permanent part of our organization, having been with going on two years, and has earned himself a substantial increase in salary. Thanking you for your efforts in our behalf, and wishing Radio College every success. Yours very truly (Signed) E. O. Swan, Chief Engineer."
? R.C.C. Graduates Receive Rapid Promotion
for every one of them to
go to, and every graduate started to work on Monday, Sept. 23rd. We offer YOU exactly the same help in finding a well-paid position.

sea™
?
us now
wt
n
i
>
i

X
Why suffer unnecessarily from sniffline, stuffy nostrils...sore membranes...choked, painful air passages? Men tholstum will bring you quick relief or your money refunded. It’s well known the world over for its efficacy in relieving even the worst head cold. Soothes all nasal irritation.. *ftelpa check gathering ol mucus. .. helps clear your head and nose and helps keep them clear.
Ask your druggist today for Mentholatum.
•Jars or Tubes, 30c.	,M
government Ocean!
RADIO COLLEGE OF CANADA, 54 Bloor Street West, Toronto.
and
!
WL-84
X
Send me, FREE end without obligation, full details of how I can train for a well-paid job in W ireleas.
I
!
Evening Cl

»
Name
Radio College of Canada


i
MENTHOLATUM
I
54 Bloor Street West, Toronto
6/ees COMFORT Daily
Address _
I

i
FOR 0 V F R 1? YEARS A LEADER AMONG CANADIAN [RAINING SCHOOLS
ISSUE 46—'40
Age --------Education
f 4#
i...(

i
I

i

###PAGE###7###
REGISTER OGDEN'S!
Our Sturgeon Produce Caviar
"Because I wm called/* he answered.
"James,” said the old lady anxiously, as she looked up from wiping her spectacles, "are you it wasn’t some other noise you heard?”
CANADIAN SAILORS ON “ATLANTIC PATROL”
HEALTH
TOPICS





i

Selling For $1 a Round, It Will Help Swell Canada’s War Coffers
m

sure
i
## ?
Public Health Can Shape A Nation
The prodigal wrote for paternal help, winding up with the confession that he was obliged to sleep in a disused cowshed.
Back came a postcard from
"Dear Oswald, is there room for two?”
Even the sturgeon in Canada’s lakes and rivers have a place in the war effort and this year they will be responsible for purchase of at lçast a piece of a warplane. In other words and according to fisneries department cxperlts, Canada has a good market for caviar in the United States.
If Ontario production is up as production is reported to be in Manitoba, the Dominion will get at least $7,000 in United States money to use for war buying. Caviar usually sells for $1 a lb. and this year prices are rising.
Two factors enter into this tasty situation. First there are the prospects* of a shortage for caviareaters in the J.S. because the war has interfered with importations from Russia. Second, Manitoba expects to ship to the United States this year more than 2,400 pounds of the delectable little fish eggs, 900 pounds more than last year. Last year Manitoba shipped 1,612 pounds and Ontario sent 4,870 pounds to the United States. These two provinces are the big Canadian producers.
ïï'.* sr; FM
Ogden'sFine Cut, touch a light to it and you'll register "real" smoking enjoyment. Ogden’s Is a "star" cigarette tobacco—the feature turn on the pleasure programme of wise roll-your-owners everywhere. Of course they choose the best papers, too—"Chantecler" or "Vogue .
*
m

nr T
Public health has become a dominating factor in determining the destiny of the Individual and the nation, and it is logical that in the midst of war, attention should be directed on the ehaelth conditions of the civil population, Dr. Grant Fleming of Montreal declared in a recent address.
Reviewing the progress in the control, of smallpox, scurvy, cholera and similar diseases which by persistent work had been rendered almost unknown in Canada, Dr. Fleming urged that similar persistence be applied to such present day scourges as tuberculosis.
Go After Tuberculosis
"Infant mortality,” he said, "quoting Sir Arthur Newsholme,” is the most sensitive index we possess of social welfare.” Out of 229,000 babies born alive in Canada in 1939, 13,900 did not live to see their first birthday and of this numbere, 7,000 did not survive for one month. In addition, he said, there had been
6.000	stillbirths and 967 mothers’ lives were lost in childbirth.
These figures, he said, could be Interpreted in two ways, as an encouraging improvement over conditions of former days, or as an Impetus for action to avoid needless waste of life. Without any question,” he added, "Canada can save the lives of 500 mothers and of at least 6,000 babies.
Should Be No Typhoid
"In 1939 we had 109 typhoid fever deaths in this province, which would indicate an incidence of over
1.000	cases, not one of which should have occurred.”
Milk is the most Important single of food used in the home, Dr. Fleming continued, and when contaminated Is "as dangerous to introduce into the family as a live bomb. Nevertheless, it is true that raw milk, which is always potentially dangerous, is regularly used by many people who flatter themselves that they are intelligent.”
rm
the father:

f
>
X
The vacuum cleaner man, having finished his demonstration, turned with a beaming smile and showed the housewife the amount of debris which had been extracted.
"Oh, my goodness, isn’t that awful,” said the woman, have to get rid of that carpet and put down linoleum.”
§
Smokers /-i
Atk A
Z
&
Par
'Til

Ogden'§
Cut

Plug


ft
m

‘Tm glad to meet a man who started at the bottom and worked his way up. Tell me, how did you begin?
"I was a bootblack and now I'm a hairdresser.”


(
I
E '

1 ,
o@


I
Pi
4/ Iy —.
OGDEN'S


Modem
Etiquette
FINE* CUT
from light - colored stocking», made from dark shoes?
A. Add a tablespoon of borax to the water in which the stockings are washed. Put the borax into the suds and let the stockings soak for an hour before washing in the usual way. Rinse well.
BY ROBERTA LEE
Curves and Nerves
Canada's naval men are writing a new chapter of heroism and sacrifice in the present war. Sailors aboard a Canadian destroyer are shown here at tneir stations as their vessel knifes through the swells of the North Atlantic.
1.	When you have received a valuable gift from a friend, sent by mail, and it arrives In a badly damaged condition, what should you do?
2.	What are a few acknowledgments of an introduction that are forbidden by social usage?
3.	When should a guest who has finished eating place his napkin on the table?
4.	Isn't it a mistake for a person in company to be impulsive in what he says, always "speaking his mind” as he calls it without considering its effect?
5.	When a young woman is seated at the table of a public diningroom and another woman stops to chat for a minute, should the young woman rise ?
6.	Is "Yours very truly” an appropriate close for a friendly letter?
"Pick ’em fat, boys,” advises a man who claims to know. "It’s a lot easier to live with 200 pounds of curves than with 100 pounds of nerves.”
POLICY ON NEWSPRINT FAVORS CHICAGO TRIBUNE PAPER MILL
Q. How can I make a good household glue?
A. A good household glue that will stick paper or cloth to metal, wood, or glass, and leave no stain, can be made as fellows: Dissolve 1 tablespoonful of ordinary gelatine in 2 to 2% table-poonfuls of boiling water. Boil a few seconds and then add a little sugar while still hot.
Q. Bow can I remove pencil marks from white woodwork?
A. These marks can be easily removed by rubbing them with a piece of cut lemon, and then with whiting on a damp cloth.
While the question is important as to how, and when, the Abitibi paper company is to be reorganized, another question of great public interest in Ontario
and Quebec is whether or not the governments of those two provinces will continue exemptions from the rule calling for spreading of production equally among all the paper mills in the two provinces.
This spreading of production, or "pro-ration” was instituted by government authority a couple of years ago in order that every mill town would have some business, instead of a few being busy and a number being shut down entirely. The justification for government Interference In this business is that the raw material of the paper mills is derived almost entirely from crown lands leased to the paper companies. Before pro-ration, a suicidal sales policy in the industry was denuding the forests without adequate return to any public or private Interest concerned.
The industry has benefited from pro-ration, according to most authorities, but a grave weakness in the policy is that the Ontario government countenances certain exemptions. Most people
would say that pro-ration should apply to all factors in the industry- /
Exemption was initially claimed by the Ontario Paper Company, which is owned outright by the Chicago Tribune. The excuse for the exemption claim is that the entire output of the Ontario Paper Company goes to the Chicago Tribune and its affiliated New York News. Just what this has to do with spreading employ-
ment among the mill towns of the two provinces will be obscure to most observers.
But the Tribune’s exemption became a fact. And with this exemption In force, cert Lin other mills have had fairly good excuses not to comply with the government’s order.
Thus the granting of one exemption has in some degree nullified a government policy which was designed to help employees of paper mills in towns remote from communities where other work would be normally obtainable.
How Can I?
BY ANNE ASHLEY
?
Î
Q. How can I render fabrics fire-proof?
Soak in a solution of one
A.
pound ammonium phosphate to one gallon of cold water. Or add one ounce of alum or sal ammoniac to the last rinsing water, or to the starch used for wash fabrics. This will prevent the cloth from bursting into flame, although it may smoulder.
Q. How can I make a china cement?
A. Stir freshly-slaked lime into the white of an egg until it becomes the consistency of paate. Apply to the edges of broken china and let dry for at least three days, also be used on marble and glass.
Q. How can I remove stains
Saves Up Pennies For Wedding Day
Answers
1. Take it up with the^post office at once and try to get it replaced. Thank your friend and say nothing about the damage. 2. "Pleased to meet you,” "Delighted to know you,” "Charmed, I am sure,” or any other extravagrant phrase. "How do you do” it the accepted form. 3. Not until his hostess has placed hers there. 4. Yes, it is a fault that should be corrected. The old proverb says, "A wise man reflects before he speaks, and then reflects on what he has uttered.” 5. Not unless the woman who stops is elderly. 6. No. "Yours very truly” ie a formal close, used in business.
THE SPASMS OF
Where there’s a will, there’s a way. A would-be bridegroom from out-of-town saved his pennies, turned up at the office of Miss M. D. Stewart, Sarnia, Ont city clerk, accompanied by his bride-to-be, and planked down 600 of them to get his marriage license.
!
Whoopi nqCouqh
• HAVE • YOU HEARD?

This cement can
The pompous person stalked into the office and demanded to see the manager.
"Pm sorry, sir, but he's not here,” replied the secretary. “Is there anything I can do?”
"No,” snapped the stranger. "I never have my dealings with underlings, manager returns.”
"Very well, take a seat,” said the secretary as she continued with her work.
As the time passed the man grew more impatient.
"How much longer do you think he will be?” the stranger demanded.
"About two weeks,” was the reply. "He’s on a vacation.”
...CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
# # I
?GENTS WANTED
FARMS FOR SALE
OPTICAL
I’ll wait until the
GRAPHOIL CONCENTRATE. BIG profits. Supply farmers, service stations, and motorists hi your area. Exclusive territories. Write Oraphoil, 610 Woburn Avenue, Toronto.
READING GLASSES
12 HAIRS sent to test your eyes. Return them with your order if suited. State age. Price 61.95 up/St. Clair Optical Co,, Dept. W Clair West, Toronto.
SEVERAL CHOICE STOCK FARMS, near London, Ontario. B. Coote, Barrister, 1385 Dundas Street, London, Ontario.
Lost Element Found
1255 St.
•I
What he claims to be the last of +the world’s missing known elements completing the list of ninety-two which science has been trying to fill in since 1789, has been discovered by a Swiss radiologist, Dr. Walter Minder, of the Radium Institute in Berne. He calls it Helvetian:, and says he isolated the element by radium _ disintegration, securing a speck* no bigger than one 10,000th of a milligram.
"The quantity so far," he admitted, "is too small to make practical experiments on possible uses of the new element,” but he suggests that Its properties would perhaps be discovered first in the U.S.A., because larger amounts of radium are available there.
SALT-DALE FARM, 200 ACRES. 76 acres alfalfa, 15 acres grapes, St. Catharines, 4 miles. Alf Hack, Route 1, St. Catharines, Ont.
PROPERTIES WANTED TO IIUY
AUTOMOTIVE PjLRTS
S ACRES UPWARD ON LAKE OR river, with or without buildings, within fifty miles Toronto. Reeves, 646 Palmerston Boulevard. Lakeside 6521.
Car and Tractor Parts
FOR SALE—240 ACRES, DAIRY OR Tobacco farm, belonging to the estate of the late Alex. Anderson; gravel loam, good buildings, quantity of timber. Hydro and water installed, adjacent to the city of St. Thomas. Apply William M. Anderson, 292 Talbot Street, or Warren S. Anderson, R.R. No. 4, St. Thomas, Ontario.___________________
NEW AND USED AT LOWEST prices. Used electric motors all sizes. Satisfaction or money refunded. General Auto Supply, Kitchener.
SHOPPING SERVICE
ATTENTION MOTHERS! WRITE today for full detaila how wo ,n save you 10 to 15% and more on many every day needs for your home by using our Shopping Service. No obligations, Shoup’ng Service Reg’d, 112 Gore Bldg., Hamilton, Ont______________
BABY CHICKS
: "Fish Hook
Pass
that's an odd name for a station! Why do they call It that?”
Conductor:	“Because It’s
the end of the line.”
"THE BRAY CHICK DOES THE Trick." You should order now If you want chicks this year. Still have a few pullets. Read Bray Service Bulletin, and list of Daily Specials — sent free. Bray Hatchery,
Ont.

INVESTMENTS
CAPITAL - EXPANSION LUMBER Manufacturing, war purposes. Fifty years timber supply, mainly White Pine. Experienced manufacturers, new modern mill, capacity ten million, preferred security, repayment guaranteed. Box 19, 73 Adelaide W„ Toronto, Ont.
130 John North, Hamilton,
îml
HAH II IT FURS AND WOOL
MARKET YOUR RABBIT FURS and wool at top prices. Bulletins free. Write, Canadian Small Breeds Association, Box 441, Toronto 2. Ontario.
Elderly Aunt, to her nephew, a poor preacher. “James, why did you enter the ministry?”
ORDER TWEDDLE 1941 CHICKS now. Send for our early order booking price list. Compare our chicks with the most costly on the market and their performance will be at least as good. Yet because of the savings made by volume production Tweddle cost less than most of the cheapest chicks on the market, that's why Tweddle Chicks grow in popularity every year. There were over a hundred thousand more Tweddle chicks sold in 1940 than in 1939. Read the unsolicited testimonials of a few of our 1940 customers In our new circular price list. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
PHOTO FINISHING
STAMP COLLECTORS
Here’s How The Big Ones Bite on Pacific Coast
FREE! You Can Now Own
chicks
STAMP COLLECTORS
Crown Colony Coronation Set to applicants for approvals at third catalogue or better. Pennell, 364 Brock Avenue, Toronto.
FREE
Cfianteel&i ÇfSj
Slow Burning i48v-^
complete set ol heautilul silvei-ware absolutely without cost, manufactured * and guaranteed by International Silver Company. You may have this complete set absolutely fr«e by sending your films to Imperial. Send an order now and receive complete particulars of this amazing offer. Six or . eight exposure films developed and printed 25c, or 8 reprints 26c, plus your choice of a free enlargement In easel mount or free silverware. To get the best In quality and service send your films to Imperial Photo Service. Station J., Toronto.
s



CIGARETTE PAPERS
USED CLOTHING


NONE FINER MADE
WE BUY. SELL AND EXCHANGE Modern Ladles' and Men's second hand clothing, Wholesale and Retail, 327 Queen St. E., Toronto.

DOUBLE
,**y
DETECTIVES
USED CLOTHING FOR SALE
AMBITIOUS MEN SEVENTEEN and over wanted Immediately for secret-service and detective work. Complete training course by correspondence. Free information, write to C. M. Julien, Box 25, Station T. Montreal. _____________________
Nervous Restless
$3, $4, $5, $6
LACE TAULE COVERS
MEN'S WOMEN'S HOYS' GIRLS' fall and winter o'coats. Just released from storage, being sold for chargeBaguinst them. Big saving to people who must have an o'coat and cannot afford the high price of a new one. 355 Yonge, Toronto. Come in and see us when In the City. No mall orders please»
Girls !
Cranky? Restless? Can t sleep? Tire easily? Annoyed by female functional disorders and monthly distress ? Then take Lydia E. Pmkham's Vegetable Compound, famous for over 60 years In helping such rundown, weak, nervous conditions. Made especially for women. WELL WORTH TRYING!

MAKE AN IDEAL CHRISTMAS Gift. Open work Lace, beautiful patterns, sizes about 72" x 90" $2.95 prepaid. Order now as quantity limited. Will refund if not satisfactory.
Reg'd, Room 112, Gore Building, Hamilton.
ELECTRICAL
ELECTRIC WATER SYSTEMS. Pump only, $30.50. Complete system $75.00. Write for folder. Waugh and MacKewn, London. Ont.	_____
General Trading
/
1
LOOK $1.00
LADIES!
NEURITIS SUFFERERS
MEN!

FOR SALE
FRUIT JUICES ARE THE PRIN-clpal Ingredients in Dr. Dixon'» Remedy for neuritis. Sold only at Munro's Drug Store. 335 Elgin, Ottawa. >1.00 postpaid.
XA1AS GIFT PACKAGE! LADIES' lovely silk stockings 50; pair silk bloomers 60c; 6 Dainty handkerchiefs 50c; beautiful pearl necklace 50c. All these exquisite articles for $1.00 plus 10c p Avoid the Christmas rush, now! Thrift Sales, Box 231, Station E. Montreal.
ak	I
rLn&
ICE LOADERS PRACTICAL. WONderful capacity. Order early, John Talt, Iron Bridge. Ontario.
•'<*
mts

os tug#, order
WATCH REPAIR»
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
Protect your BOOKS sad CASH FIRE aad THIEVES. We have • else aad type of Saf>, or Cab!
Prize winners in the October Tyce derby at Port Alberni, Vancouver Island, display their catches. At left is s i xt ce n-y ear-old Tommy Turner, of Port Alberni, who took the first prize fish, weighing 41 and a half pounds, on a borrowed bamboo pole, hall and winter fishm" are leading attractions of the west coast all-year playground^ This season Canadians are more and more taking ad van'age of their own Canadian resort, and the Empress Hotel, Victoria, is again the leading center for fishermen, golfers, and others seeking a mikl climate and • sport facilities when the rest of the Dominion ia deep in snow.
Don Coliman — Canadian Pacific Photo.
SPECIAL—$1.00 REPAIRS YOUR Watch complete, guaranteed two years by expert Jewellers. Old « gold bought, Osnes Jewellers, 654S Clark, Montreal.
f, for say purpose. Visit
MEDICAL
I
1res
New
Used
c.
Dept. W.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED—EVERY sufferer of Rheumatism. Neuritis should try Dr. Dixon’s remedy. Sold at Munro’s Drug Store, 335 Elgin, Ottawa. $1.00 postpaid.
J 6f J.TAYLOR LIMITLD TORONTO SAFE WORKS
SPECIALIZING IN REBUILT MOTORS, POWER-UNIT». Hydraulic H elate.
Starter*. Mageetos,
Mediators — Rxehauge Servlee.
Sat I*fariloe or refued
Levy Auto Perle, UepL A reroute
WOOL YARN
PURE CANADIAN WOOL WHEEL-ink yarn, $1.26 lb., postage paid. Bancroft Woollen Mills, Bancroft, Ont
14% Frost St. K.. Toronto Established tk.V%
ISSUE 47—’40
Glass —
somme i
###PAGE###8###



' A‘t
'

I


Card of Thanks
Service Announcement Cemetery Donations
Look Here
We wish to thank our friends and neighbours for their kindness and sympathy shown in the loss of our dear husband and father. Special thanks to Mrs. Maye Armstrong.
Mrs. E. H, MEE and Family
Shawvillib United Church Rev A. F. Foxes ti. A., B.D. PA3tor
December
FUR COATS
Dr. D. J. Campbell, treasurer of the For Sale, Wants, Found,
Cemetery Fund, acknowledges, with	T t to
thanks, the following donations;— |	IjOSl, etc.
m
Sunday,
11.00 a.m.—Service at Shawville
1.30	p.m.—Service at Zion.
3.00 p in.—Service atStark’sCorners
7.30	p m.—Service at Shawville
1st
Shawville Women’s Institute. $50 00
[: k- ,• • ;...................I FOR RENT—A comfortable bed- room
Mrs. r. F. Corrigan ...........$2.00 for two persons.
John J. Caldwell ........,.	*10 001 Apply t0 Mr8 8‘ E
1 have made arrangements with a reliable Furrier, in Ottawa, to handle their Fur Coats.
To those interested in buying Fur Coats, 1 would suggest that you get in touch with me by phone, by mail, or by coming into the store.
Fur prices are rising rapidly and now is the time to make your buy
Mr and Mbs. Wm. McDonald and family desire to express their sincere thanks to all their neighbours and friends in Shawville for many acts of kindness during the illness and death of their beloved infant daughter, Mildred.
Bristol Unitkd Church 4 Rev C. Armstrong-Sai.is B,D.
FOR SALE—One Dapple Grey Horse, weighs about 1600 lbs., five 3ears old and sound.
Apply to Joseph Dumas, Maryland.
Phone 5—15
Mr. John R. McDowell, Treasurer of Maple Grove Cemetery,* acknowledges with thanks, the following donations.
Mrs. Donald Baker....
December
Service at Service at Service at
Sunday,
St. Andrew’s,
Knox
Austin
1st
.....$2.00 FOR SALE—Baby's Cot. Simons, walnut enamel finish. Apply to Mrs. L. B .....---- Thomson. King Street, Shawville.
11.00
In Memoriam
3.00
7.30
Laughrhn—In fond and loving memory of our loving son and brother, Denzil Laughren, who left us three years ago on Decemaer 2nd.
Peaceful be thy rsst desr Denzil,
’Tis sweet to breathe thy name ;
In life we loved you dearly,
In death we do the same.
Sadly'and fondly remembered by
Father, Mother Brothers and Sister
LOST—Between Hull and Wyman, Highway No. 8, one truok tire and rim 34 x 7, fiom International truck. Finder please return to Roy Elliott, R. R. No. 2 Shawville. Phone 0-20. Reward offered.
ANGLICAN December
St Paul’s
8.00—	Holy Communion.
10.00	a m.—Sunday School
11.00—	Holy Communion
7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity Service Withdrawn
St. Luke’s
2.00	p m.—Holy Communion
! !
Wilson’s Garage
Sunday,
1st
The Same Reliable Serv ce
CHRISTMAS CARDS - Be sure and order your Christmas Cards early, sonal and boxed assortments from $1 up. Would appreciate your order, K Woodley, Shawville,
Buffalo Goats a Specialty
Per-
1.00
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
TO RENT — Four-roomed dwelling house, with shed and outbulldingi* at Yarm. For particulars apply to Mrs. 1. Currik-Mills, Yarm, Que.
Ford Service
Telford—In loving memory of my dear husband, Robert Telford, who died November 25, 1939,
No one knows the heartache,
Only those who have lost can tell,
Of the grief that is borne in silence For the one we loved so well,
Often when the shadows are falling,
And we're sitting all alone,
To our hearts there comes a longiug If he only could come home.
Sadly missed by	i
His Wife and Family
IT orris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils


J. P. Wilson
Phone 27—17.
North Clarendon Parish Rev. K. Bolton, Incumbent Sunday, December 1st
North Onslow, Murning Prayer, 10.30 Thorne Centre, Evening Prayer, 2.30 Cbarteris, Evening Prayer, 7.00
I
Main Street
Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
, FOR SALE or EXCHANGE - One Yorkshire boar 2$ yearn old ; also want to buy quantity of pressed straw. Apply to J. C. Glenn. Secretary Bristol Farmers' Club, Bristol. Que. Pb
one 16—4.
dwelling
house on Main Street. For further particulars apply to Mus. John F. Dale, Shftwyille.
FOR SALE—Comfortable
DALE’S TINSHOP
De Laval Sales and Service
Standard Church Convention

TENDERS WANTED
FOR SALE—Purebred Tam worth Boar ; grade Oxford Breeding Ewes. Apply to CLAUDE Elliot. R. R. 1, Shawville. Phone 6—28.
Orearn Separators, Milkers, Churns, Engines, Oil rings, Discs, etc, We also carry the Junior series at lower prices. Call and see our separators.
CLIFFORD CONE,
Centre St., Shawville. Que.
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS

A five day Union Holiness Convention of the Standard Church of Shawville and Pembroke districts
,	....	.	,,	,	, will be held at the Shawville
Tenders will be received by the under- <jhureb. Dec. 4th to 8th
signed up to Tuesday, December 10th, Rev. j, b. Pi ing, president, will i
for a supply of good body hardwood, be in charge assisted by ministers
22 inches long, suitable for furnace ; of the district. All are welcome.
For Telephone Poles and Wood
Full Stock of
Findlay Heaters and Ranges
Pulpwood Wanted
Farm For Sale
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood, CARD OF THANKS	One hundred acres of Clay Loam Farm ' F 0,B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways,
We wish to express our sincere thanks , W^H fenced, lots of water, fair buildings, or delivered to road side for pick up
to our friends and neighbours for the two miles East of Shawville, Lot 5 on
the 5th Range of Clarendon.
Apply to
also a qnantity of telephone poles, 22 and 25 feet long, 7 inches at top end. Poles must be good, sound, green cedar.
Wood and poles to be delivered in Shawville by March 1st, 1041.
PONTIAC RURAL TELEPHONE COMPANY, LIMITED
H. E. Elliott,
Secretary
U3
by trucks Phone or write,
£
acts of kindness and sympathy during our recent bereavement.
£
J. M. ARGUE, Shawville, Que.
Now is the time to have your Furnace and Pipes checked over.
Phone 7f$
I
)
M rs. James T. Brown and Family
BEN YOUNG, Shawville, Que.
Thos. Eades, President
%
Leslie Dale
Shawville, Quebec

X


a1
Sti/BJBJSB/SEIBJS/SJEE/afBfBISJSJSJSIEJSJSfSJii,
t

Wyman Women’s Institute
wait to hold next meeting at her home was accepted, and each
The November meeting of the member was requested to bring a Wyman Women’s Institute was can of soup to be included in a held at the Graham home, witli Christmas gift basket for a friend, the vice present in the chair and ! Meeting closed with Mrg. Pritchard, the secretary as eisting.
The roll call was answered by “Outstanding Events of the past year,” and after the usual routine of business more Red Cross work was arranged, also Christmas cheer was discussed
Mrs. James Graham and Mrs.
Hudson gave a report of the County Convention, in which a list of articles for the exhibit was presented.
Mrs. MucKechnie gave an interesting reading entitled ‘‘Signs of Winter” by Nina Jamieson Moore.
As it was near Remembrance Day, the hymn, “O God, our help in Ages Past,” was sung. Tea was served and a social hour enjoyed
0
#
p/flA

m
%
the National Vnthem and then the ladies packed boxes for the boys active service in England and Iceland,
A delicious tea was served by the hostess assisted by Mrs. Storie and Mrs. Thacker.
4
on
-
*


Joint Meeting of St. Andrews W. M. S. and Women s Ass n

A joint meeting of the W. M. S. and the Woman's Association of
_ .	__ Church,
Bristol, was held at the home of Mrs. W. J. Murray. The presidents of both associations, Mrs. Murray and Miss Meldrum sided.	*
The meeting opened with a hymn and minutes of previous meetings were read and approved. A wonderful descriptive pro-The regular monthly meeting of gj*™ on the life of Miss Minnie the Elmside Women’s Institute Shipley, was given by Mrs. H. was held on Wednesday, Nov. 13,	Mrs. Hanna, Mrs. Mac-
at the home of Mrs. F. Thomas, Mil Ian and Mrs. S McNeill read with the president, Mrs W. J. several passages of the lesson. Murray, presiding.	V 16	Andrew's concert on
The meeting opened by singing Bnday, Nov. 2Dtb, was arranged the Ode and repeating the creed in unison. Minutes of last meeting were read and approved.
Mrs. Murray discussed the repeating of the Creed asked that
all remember to say it in the true Mary Stewart way.
Mrs. F. Armstrong and Mrs. M.
tt. Bailey, the delegates to the The Bristol Busy Bee Institute semi annual convention, gave a | met at the home of Miss Beatrice repor t of the proceedings. Items in it were discussed and ratified On motion of Miss S. Campbell and Mrs. P Ballantyne, the meeting decided to send cards branches, the aged and shut-ins this Christmas. #
Correspondence was read by the secretary. Mrs. Thomas, regarding the McDonald College Journal.
Roll call was answered b
Miss S. Campbell was in charge of the program : Canadianization and National Events. Mrs. Murray gave a graphic description on the climate and people of Iceland and she also read an item or two of old time stuff from The Equity.
particular was related MacKechnie

v

St. Andrew’s United


i

?


pre-



/
j*w
i

jU
Elmside Women s Institute


for
Let’s look at the facts on the new Ford car for 1941.^
) Body? Entirely new and bigger. Wheelbase? Two inches longer! Seating width? Increased as much as inches! Better vision? 22% more vision in
Meeting closed with prayer, and supper was served by the hostess, assisted by Mrs. M. Stewart and Mrs. H. Fulford.
A BIGGER CAR—A BETTER IDT!
Bristol Busy Bee Institute
seven
sedans, 33% more in coupe. Ride? Completely re-engineered for amazing new comfort: new soft, slow-acting springs; new ride stabilizer. Acceleration? Already famous, now "stepped-uf/' for even faster pick-up.
Add these to new massive beauty and luxury that matches the brilliance of a V-type 8-cylinder engine-plus all-around economy—and you get just one answer.
NEW Big Bodies NEW Massive Beauty • NEW Faster Acceleration * NEW Heavy
Rigid Frame Stabilizer Ride Control Action Springs Vision (glass area increased up to 33%)
e NEW Wider Seats • NEW Longer Wheelbase and Spring base.
YOU CAN BUY A '41 FORD FOR LESS THAN ANY OTHER FULL-SIZE CAR IN CANADA
Armstrong on Thursday evening, Nov. 21st, with the president Mrs. Findlay, presiding The meeting opened by repea t.ng the Creed and singing Ode. Minutes of previous meeting were read and approved.
Roll call was answered by naming an event of the past year.
Boxes were sent to two local buys who are training in Canada and cigarettes to one who is in England.
Plans
i
• NEW Interior Luxury • NEW
• NEW Soft Slower-
to the
. NEW Roominess . NEW

Arrange right now with a Ford-Mercury dealer to inspect and drive this bigger car, this better buy!
CANADIAN CABS FOB CANADA. No cars sold in
Canada utilize a higher percentage of Canadian material and labour than those manufactured by Ford Motor Company of Canada, Limited.
y a pat-
c statement.
were made to hold a Christmas sale at the December meeting. A report of the semiannual convention was given by the secretary.	I
Douglas, principal of the Shawville High School, gave a very interesting talk on some of his experiences in the last year.
A quiz contest was much enjoyed by all, the winner being Mr< Chapman,
Meeting closed by singing the National Anthem, after which refreshments were served by the hostess assisted by Mrs. D. A. |
Macfarlane. Mrs. Grant aud Mrs, j A. Hodgins.
Mr.
One item in Hiram late Jamieson Stewart.
On motion of Mrs. Sales and Mrs. Bailey, the secretary was advised to write a protest regarding the grade of wool supplied for Red Cross woik. Mrs. Sales was ap pointed to interview Red Cross officers at Shawville.
The invitation of Mrs, M. Ste-
and the
FOR
