###PAGE###1###
i
\
No L\ 57th Yeab
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY
-JUNK *20 i !*:!!»
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United States
I
Cedar Shingles—A full stock of New Hi untwick Cedar Shingle» on Imml. It. A. (iHAN’T, Bristol.
Hand Bay has the pleasure of announcing its opening dance,
Friday, June 80th,
July 2nd, at 11 o’clock. All are ,,n Wontrefl* cordially invited.
Zion United Chinch congrega
tion will hold their annual straw berry social on Thursday evening July.0th on the church grounds Admission, 25 and 15 cents.
PERSONAL MENTION
Mis* Myrtle Stevens is visiting relatives in Noranda this week.
Mr. Merville Sereney, of Ottawa, is spending his vacation in town.
BORN
At Shaw ville Community II >*pi-tal on June Mth, I'M), to .Mr. and Mis. Fied Smith, of Campbell’s Bay. (nee Blanche Chamberlain) a son, Frederick George.
At Sliawville Community Hospital, on June 20th, 1M8U, to All*, and Mrs James Tracy, id* Caldwell, Que., (nee Flora Caldwell) n daughter, Elizabeth Jean.
Miss Kena MacNair. of Dannville, I At Sliawville Community Ho«pi-One., is a guest at the home of Hil. on June 24th, HW0* to Mr. and Airs. M. J Turner.	Mrs. Theo. Steinke, of Ladysmith,
The Ladies’Guild of Holy Trin-I Miss 0!a Bretzlnff, of Ladysmith, daughter*	Bietzaff) a
ity Church, Radford, will holti j i* visiting friends and relatives in their annual strawberry social on | North Bay Friday evening, June 80. Suppei d from 6 to 8
gowlixg
BUSINESS
Shawville Hardware
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old relia hie school ha« removed to larger and finer premises. *7 modern in Ontario school with
reputation. Open allyvai
Seasonable
Requirements
i
Mr. and Mrs. .James Gordon, left Tuesday to visit relatives at Maniwaki
The finest and most
Attend a an established
%
5
W. E. COWLING, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE
Principal
Fishing Tackle Fly Repellents
Screen Doors, Window Screens Spring Hinges, Calv’d Screen Wire Garden Spades, Shovels, Hoes, Forks Lawn Mowers, Crass Shears, Broom Rakes
MARRIED
, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Barnes, of Admission, Ottawa, week end guests of their
relatives in town and vicinity.
serve 35 and 15 cents
JAMES A. MILLAR
M A Ré HALL—CA M E RON
Austin United Church will hold Mr. and Mrs T. K Sheppard, of Uhurcli, Fort Cou longe,. Que. on its annual Strawberry Social on Morrisburg, visited their relatives Saturday afternoon, June 21th, the c hurch grounds Wednesday j„ this district for the week end. M*»* Helen Catherine Cameron, ! evening. July 5th. Supper served ,	daughter of the late Ur. and Mrs. 1129 Main St. *
from 0 to 8 o'clock, followed by , **•	Sturgeon and son, William A. Cameron, of Arnprior,
program. Adults, 25c ; children 15c Llayton, ot Noyan, Que., are visit- and granddaughter of the late
Error—In the minutes of Clar-	in thi. district for a Hon. and Mrs George Bryson, of
endou School Board of June 7th,	LpV11	( oulonge, Que
and published last week, an item I Min. Boles, Beg N , of the Otta- Thoma» Henry Marshall, B A ,
in the bills of accounts of $135 35 wa Civic Hospital, is spending her r°urof]t«» °nt- ?>" <>/ Mr. fhos. toJ. M. Argue, belonged to the vacation with her mother, Mrs. Marshall former M.L A., of Dunn.
minutes of clarendon Council.	I J°" Hunt.	I The Rev Herbel tV»,.,u oftHI
B A. , L L.L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc
Hull,Que.
AI Pontisc House, Shswville, every Wednesday sfternoon.
A tMoyle’s Hotel, CempbeH’sBey,
every Wednesdsy morning.
to Mr
HARLAND C. ROWAT
Miss Nancy Poole who has been
High School here re
The Ladies of Wesley United,
Church are holding a strawberry attending
festival In the Orange Hall, Char- turned to her home at Wakefield,
S£sg»haw„ll,
mission,	and 15 cents.	spend the Summer months at their	Mr. and Mrs. William Woods,	0f | Osftck - In the G. F. Hodgins Building
Laige	congregations	attended	I cottage at Sand Bay,	McKee, Que., became the bride	of
the anni versury services in the The Misses Helen MacLean, Lois	Melvin, son of Mr and Mrs.
United Church on Sunday. Inthe R0|Rnd an(j Klaine McDowell were VY,r1,n(îto" Armstrong, of Shaw-morning Rev. Ken Woodwnrk, of week-end guests of Miss M«yfred V,M?	»...	..
Aylmer, was the guest preacher Horner at her home in Charter». The bride entered the pavilion and brought an inspiring message.	erected on the lawn of the brides
Miss Lois Bothwell, of	Ottawa, Misa Jessie Armstrong, of Mer-	home, on the ai m of her father,	to
was the	soloist In the	evening	nckville, Out., is spending her va*	I the strains of the we lding march
Miss Mildred Conuerty, the well- cation at the home of her uncle, from Lohengrin, played by Mr known elocutionist gave Henry Mr. K. H. Armstrong, Green Lake. Richaid Dumas.
Vandyke’s mastei piece, "The Lost I Mr. and Mrs. Geo Eades and She was dressed in a gown of
5X w!f es srï^sst to-	to as* ». *%,'• ssr %
ü3ïl:,nt.bràttwïf "un % si"-	¦*” » ««"	toLsSSr
Edgar Hudgins at the console of	lions. She was attended by her
the electric organ. The pastor, Mrs. (Dr ) Norman Halkett, of sister, Arminta Woods, who wore Rev. A.F. Pokes was in charge of Ottawa, is occupying her cottage a dress of pink sheer, and carried the evening service.	Green Lake Her guest last	pink roses ; while the flower girl
xveek was Miss Carswell, of Pem-	was little Miss Velma Woods,
broke.	garbed in yellow organdie, and
Miss I va Horner, daughtei Qf c,\|^ying white peonies.	,
a,mmuM„ **ItoJ^' DONAT L. GUERRIER
Band, numbering twenty-three, [graduates of Renfrew Victoria A;teil the ceremony, the uumedi-went to Rupert, in Gatineau dis-1 Hospital.	filends of the two families
trict. on Sunday to furnish music I u u v .	e served a wedding dinner,
for the annual decoration service Mr. Brome Pokes, of Gananoque, and in the evening a reception was at the Union cemetery. The	Band,	°ut*; accompanied by Miss Elea	given to more than 150 friends,
was under the direction	of	Mr.	nor (> Bnen, spent the week end	The bridal couple left on a trip by
Win. Ormiston and was well re- with his parente, Rev. A. F. and motor to Montreal and. points east
Mrs. Pokes
ed
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
Armstrong - Woods
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Main Street, Que
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
Mens Summer Sport Wear
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A, LL.B., C.L.
Advocate, Barrister, etc
i
Main Street
Hull, Que
Phone, Slier. 1354
At Puntia House, Shawville, Que e ery Friday evening.

Shawville Boys* Band Play for Decoration Service at Rupert
Cool Outfits for Warm Weather
B.A., LL. B.
i>
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
Young Men’s Sport Pants. Tropical Tweeds, White and Striped Ducks, Flannels, etc., etc.
Smart, Cool Styles ..
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request,
Matters dealt with by correspondence
$1.65 to $3.50
ceived and invited to play at next year's service as well as a concei t later on this season.
Hudark'k -Drummond
Mr. Harwood Argue, returned J ¦¦	¦	¦	¦ I
from St. Patrick’s College, Ottawa, The home of Mr. and Mrs. Motion Saturday to spend the Summer colm Drummond, on the Fifth vacation with his parents, Mr. and Concession of Clarendon, was the
scene of a pretty wedding on
msm mmsimm " ™ ~
under the auspices of Charted*	L nited Church, officiating for the
L. O. L., No 05. and the committee Miss Dorothy lmison spent the service. I he bride entered the | AtlontiacHou.se, Shaw ville, every in charge are putting forth every week-end at the home of lier sister, prettily decorated room to the effort to provide an interesting Mrs. Jim Johnson, in Montreal. L* trains of the wedding march from
A Returning home she was accom- Lohengrin, played by her sister, pan led by her little nephew®, Mise Bessie Drummond, of Ottawa Bobbie and Jackie Johnson.	The bride was dressed in white
iiEli üüiP SI1Ï!
lions are under way to have the Mr. Donald McRae, who has and carried yellow roses, while the Shawville Hoys1 Hand for the liar been teaching at IVestraount, little flower girl was a niece, Mise ade and to play an afternoon con- Que., is visiting his parents, Mr. Norma Black, of Ottawa, whose cert	and Mrs. E. R. McRae, this week dress was of pink organdie trim
A splendid shanty dinner is be- before going to Queen's Univer* med with blue. She carried a ing prepared and a number of re sity, Kingston, to take a special bouquet of sweet peas, fresh ment booths will be set up course.	The bridegroom was attended
on the grounds.	Mi-s Mildred Connerty. of Mer- b)r,lir^eonArd C*rne*,e» ot Pem
“...................IBii iSSS
Dowell while heie.	* following which the young couple
.	.	„ Mrs. Chas. G. Johnson, who has left on a motor tiip to Northern
ÉÉBHraZE EfBgSS
Evelyn Dale, and Mrs. Logan who GEORGES CARON
came with Mrs. Johnson.
Mr. Harry Moffat, of Ma notick, meath, tlie former Phoebus Vic Out, was a week-end guest of his toria Tucker, daughter of the late *uut, Mrs. Thos. Shore. Return Mr. and Mrs. George Tucker, and jng home he was accompanied by lived there all her life. Active in his cousins.. Masters Millar and the work of the Westmeath l nited Clarence Shore, who will spend Church, she was a member of the W.A-, the W.M S, and the W.I.
She and her husband would have.	,	,	_
celebrated the 50th anniversary of The Equity was pleased to| BaillfT Superior Court their marriage in December.	have a friendly call on Friday
Survivors, in addition to her afternoon from two former Ron-husband, aie four daughters, Mrs. tracers, Messrs. Jas. W. Paul, of
J. C. Bradley, of Pembroke ; Mrs. Spokane. Wask., U. 8. A , and ==	' "" "
Percy Swain, of 8t Lambert, Que ; Walter H. Thompson, of Mont- Shawville Stores to Observe Mrs Wesley Clarke, Toronto; Mrs leal Both gentlemen, natives of Monday, July 3, a# Holiday Willis Hawkins, of Cobden, and Portage du Fort district, are re-
one son, Dr. Lloyd Reid, at home : tired, Mr. Paul receiving his super Owners of Shawville stores have two sisters, Mrs J. D. Corkery. of annnation in January last, and decided to remain open on Domin-Renfrew,. and Miss Jessie Tucker, Mr. Thompson about two years ion Day, Saturday Inly 1st, and of Westmeath ; two brothers, J. ago. They will visit their rela- to observe the holiday on Monday,
H. Tucker of Ottawa, and Charles tives in this district for a few July 3rd, when stores will b?
L, Tucker of Shawville.	weeks	closed all day.
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT .. BARRISTER
County Orange Celebration At Workman’s Grove, Charter:# I Mrs. J. M. Argue
Summer Windbreakers
PHONE, 2-22
Summer Windbreakers made up in the latest styles. Fancy backs, zipper fronts, etc. Light weight fawns and heavy weight fancy corduroy brush wool combinations.
See these new windbreakers at
HULL. QUEBEC
At Proud foot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p m
Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m
and enjoyable day’s outing program of sports, which will include softball and baseball is be ing arranged.
The annual "walk ’ will take
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
$1.95, $2.95 and $3.95
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
Young Mens Summer Suits
MONTREAL, .QUE
PLATEAU 83 SS
A good selection of patterns made up in single and double breast models, smartly styled and very pleasing.
D%. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
Sizes 33 to 38
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
$14.50 and $16.50
BELAIR 3 257
Mrs. Norman Reid Dies In Westmeath
The death occurred at her late
D. J. CAMPBELL
Sport Shoes
Straw Hats
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Phone 91,
M L A. for North Renfrew, 100014, on Saturday, June 24th, in her 00th year.
Mr*. Reid wa* born at West-
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
m. a
Advocate, Barrister
At Campbell's Bay Friday, Saturday and Monday
B. C. L
Store Open Saturday, July 1st Closed Monday, July 3rd
Dental Surgeon
\
t
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell's Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer
the Summer vacation with rela tives there.
SHAWVILLE - QUE
W. A. Hodgins, Lt'd
H. K. NtILSON, M.D.
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat Specialist weotcâL aere builoino
Shawville
Quebec
!
OTTAWA. - ONT
MOM. 1-7111
###PAGE###2###







£ •



Bumper Crop
Of Graduates
Finest Iron Ore Is Located Here
King and Queen Take A Look At Their Giant Locomotive
CIGARETT
PAPERS

(mulctic i
L.
r t
/
7TV
l
¦ «
;
Crest De- I Universities of Canada Granted posits Which May Result In Development of New Iron I This Year And Steel Industry in North
Canada P
FINER N
g

none
. V
More Degrees Then Usuel

~ f

*
Canada had a bumper crop of nnlverslty graduates this year, according to the Canadian Press survey of the “Class of '39" In 11 Canadian universities from coast to coast. As the graduating class finally earned the “ '39 ' pin, a cherished hope of from three to seven years, nearly every degree-granting college reported more graduates than In any year since 1935.
Total figure for men and women
ourses in all
land
#2
X V
1
%
1
Investigations of the last few Months have confirmed that Canada possesses one of the finest Iren ore deposits In the world which may be of great significance In the development of a new iron and steel Industry in this country, It was declared at yesterday's session of the Canadian chemical conven-
#2

m




v
rf
x
DOUBLE AUTOMATIC BOOKLET
tlon
branches of higher education this year Is 5,875 compared with 5,525 in 1938. In the years 1936-7 the number was estimated at 6,750 whUe In 1936 an all-time peak of 1,250 was reached.
Below Lake Surface The Question was, however, one of mining. The deposit is located below the surface of a lake, Steep Rock Lake, about 165 miles west of Port Arthur sad about four miles north of the pouth line of the Canadian National Railways. It had yet to be determined whether the ore could be mined In successful competition with the pig-teen and with deposits of Minnesota and neighboring states.
a-
Courage
trlcately draped lady could perch on. And who doesn't recall the obese furniture of the nineteen-twenties when women's clothes amounted to practically nothing. Over-stuffed was the only word for those chairs and sofas JÊÊÊ could never have come Into style except In a time of skimpy dress-

*
• x
Life holds no failure, but to cease to try,
And he gains most who will not see defeat;
Falls, but to rise, with battle in his eye,
To seek again a new path for his feet.
Within a milk-can swam two fr gs of old——
The one could only groan, ©cm-plain and mutter.
He sank. The other swam till (so we’re told )
He saved himself upon a pa: of butter.	>

Vocational Dlplomae Popular
Last year's notable tendency toward vocational diplomas continues and the percentage of “finished" co-eds has risen in some colleges almost to the half-way mark, the survey shows. University authorities trac** the upswing hack to the economic optimism of 1S35-S when most 1939 graduates began their college ireers. Many ofifclals predict an even stronger army will step out Into the business and professional world next spring. .
Upward, Westward Tendency
As usual, larger universities are good barometers of academic trends, McGill, Toronto, Alberta and Dalhouslo registering most obvious Increases. The “upward and westward" tendency most evident In 1935 continues at slackened pace as most western colleges report further swelling of graduate ranks.
jsssstt* srs 2 sitssErS&ransxtfo
1m which they rode from Bea^eirnouth^SUne^ Creek, on the eaet^s^opM
western lines, Canadian Pacific Railway, who accompanied them on their in the lead locomotive of the three used to power the royal over this ecenically beautiful stretch.
they
35,
es.
Without Unnecessary Bulk Wtlh the turn of the decade, the nineteen thirties settled Into more reasonably proportioned cloth not too scant, not too voluminous And so with furniture—fat bulbous pieces went out and in their place came comfortably scaled furniture upholstered enough for ease but without unnecessary bulk.
Which is all a very good argument for keeping your furniture looking like today.
America’s Most Fearsome Beast
Fossils Tell Story of Giant Dragon Which Once lived On This Continent — Crawled Out From Rockies
Mapping Parties Survey Northland
Modern
Etiquette
Ottawa Is Sending Out a Force of 250 Men to Investigate Areas In Every Mineral Pfo-
BY ROBERTA LEE
1.	—When attending a wedding reception should a guest pause for a talk with the bride and bridegroom?
2.	—What would be a good closing for a personal note?
3.	—What is the minimum number of courses that a hostess should serve at a luncheon?
4.	—la it proper for a man to rest his ar mon the back of his eompanion’s chair while watching g picture with her at the theatre?
6.—What is the correct way to place forks on the table?
6.—What is the birthstone for June and its significance?
Answer»
1. No. One should extend congratulations to the bridegroom, best wishes to the bride, make a cordial remark or two, then leave them to the other guests. 2. “With kindest remembrances" or “kindest regards" are both good phrases for closing a social letter. 8. Not less than three courses. 4. No ; he should keep his bands in his lap.
5.	The forks should be placed at the left of the plate, and from left to right in order of their use. €. Pearl or moonstone, signifying health and long life.
during Province
SHE COULD NEITHER
WALK NOR SLEEP
An armored dragon, most fearsome of beasts known to have lived on this continent, crawled down out of the Rockies to the Great Plain—35,000,000 years ago.
Records of these giant lizards, whose bodies were completely covered with bony pistes which overlapped In even rows like tiles on a roof, have been found by scientists of the Smithsonian Institution, Washington, D. C.	.
The appearance of the dragons on the plains probably frightened the earliest pigmy horses and cam-sis, the Institution report said. The species, related to crocodiles and snakes, Is extinct now.
Forty six geological and topographical survey and exploratory ISO men, have been assigned to field work by the Mines and Geology Branch of the Department of Mines Branch of the Department of Mines and Resources, it was announced last week. The parties will map and investigate areas In every mineral producing province and in the Yukon and Northwest Territories.
Thirty-three parties will be engaged In geological surveys and Investigations and 13 in topographical mapping. Of the former, seven are la British Columbia, tour In Alberta, two in Saskatchewan, four in Manitoba, three in Ontario, four In Quebec, two each In New Brunswick and Nova Scotia, one la the Yukon and four In the Northwest Territories.
Six parties are also being placed In the field by the National Museum of Canada. They will be engaged chiefly in gathering new Information on Canadian flora and fauna, native races and In collection of new specimens for the museum.
Few Alcoholics Attempt Suicide
Arms and Feel Swollen with Rheumatism
This woman suffered for many years. Pain sapped her strength until she lost hope of recovery. Many remedies were tried, jut hing broke the grip of her crip-rheumatism. At last her ius-persuaded her to try K.-us-Saits:—
“My arma and feet were swc. en with rheumatism," she writes. “I could not walk nor get regular sleep, and nothing did me Any lasting good. 1 was so hopeles» of ever getting better. 1 lost my g od nature entirely. Then my husband persuaded me to try Kruich-Salts. After two weeks I ue-gan to feel better. 1 persevered, and in six weeks, 1 was d/ag housework. Later, I was able to go for a walk. Now ] am :?ee from pain and I feel grand/ — (Mrs.) F.W.
Rheumatism is commonly c. used by deposits of uric acid crystals, which lodge in- the musu.es and joints. Kruschen helps to break up these deposits of troubling crystals and to convert them into a harmless solution, which is removed through the natural channel—the kidneys.
When They Do Make A Try, They’re Unsuccessful Doctor Declares
Furniture And Gowns Similar
Go Hand in Glove In World of Fashions; Seen First in
Chair
not
H
Alcoholic persons seldom attempt suicide. Dr. Merrill Moore, of the Harvard Medical School, declared last week.
From a study of patients brought to Boston City Hospital for attempted suicide, Dr. Moore found that comparatively few alcoholic persons tried to end their lives and that, when they did. It was later In life than among other persons. Also, he reported, alcoholic persons were much less successful in their suicide attempts.
Only 5 per cent of alcoholic persona succeeded in efforts to hill themselves, he said, aa compared with H per cent of non-alcoholics.
It Is reported that suicide attempt by a woman Is a gesture, a look what you have done to me'," he said.
chen
Frocks and furniture are hand in glove as far as fashion goes. And this affinity has always reflected Itself first In chairs and sofas, though furniture for storage feels the effect of style changes In clothes eventually too. It's easy enough to spot a chair of the hoop skirt period, and the conversation chair, made so a man could alt backward to protect hia expensively elaborate coat-tails, la all right to smirk about.
But more recent furniture has the same tale to tell. Chairs during ths era of bustles dwinded to slim dainty little numbers than an In-
en
Have You Heard
' Two actors who were Jealous cf each other met in a restaurant They exchanged frigid nods.
“How are you getting along?” asked one presently.	".i rj î
“Pretty well," replied the other. “Still keeping alive."
The first man eyed hie rival steadily for a second and then asked casually:—“What’s your motive?”	! f
A flesh-eating plant has been discovered in Seattle, Wash. In summer it feeds on grasshoppers ; in winter it will take meat, preferably sausages. It will save farmers thousands of dollars every year by banishing the grasshopper menace from cornfields. It looks like a cobra about to strike, and ham an open “mouth" full of honey which tempts the grasshoppers inside.

Find Manuscript Of Shakespeare’s
Three Faded, Blotched Pages Thought to Have Been Written By Him — Old Dispute May Be Settled
Classified..
Advertising
ISA BY CHICKS
______mushrooms
160 MONTHLY UPWARDS, GRTWing mushroom* for ue from sad I-ares spawn. Free spawn ant nitrogen. Information free. Service and Instruction* guaranteed to» produce. Georgian Bay Prciuee Co.. Box SIS. Toronto.
•'BRAY CHICKS ARE THE FINEST I've had." may# Francis Gardiner. Launching. P.E.I. "My pullets laid at months. Cockerels I pounds at 6 months." Mr. Gardiner's results can be yours. Order Bray chicks today. Bray Hatchery, 130 John Street North, Hamilton. Ontario.
NOW IS xhe TIME YOU NEED the extra vigor, extra vitality and extra fast growth that Bray Xtra-Proflt chicks seem to have-Don’t delay, order today. Bray Hatchery, 130 John Street North, Hamilton. Ontario.
“Somnambulist said to have rue a mile lu six minutes."
FILMS DEVELOPED
Driving his car over a level crossing, he had been run into by a locomotive.
When his small son was taken in to see him in bed his first words were:—“Daddy, did you see the works of the engine whil you were under it?"
A manuscript expert of the British Museum announced his conviction last week that three faded, blotched and untidy pages belonging to the institution had actually been written by William Shakespeare and were the only extant manuscripts of the dramatist.
The authority. Dr. Robin Flower, deputy keeper of manuscripts in the museum, told the Royal Society of Literature that if his conviction were correct, it would. In bis opinion, end the long standing Iroversy as to whether the plays and poems usually attributed to Shakespeare were written by bim or by some one else, presumably Sir Francis Bacon.
Mystery of Hie Identity
"Tf true, we shall be relieved for over of the wearisome assertion Ibat anybody else bnt Shakespeare wrote Shakespeare."
Flower said If these samples eoaJd be compared with an admitted specimen of handwriting of the poet more extensive than hi# signature. the "mystery of the dramatists Identity would be cleared »p once and for all.”
PAIlf-ADM FOR fttlFFBRklH
AN EXCELLENT KEMJCDY TO AID the eyetem In easing aches ind Pains from Arthritis, Rheums;: «m. Lumbago, Sciatica Neuralgia, and Neurit la. Why suffer any longer. Try Patn-Ade and bs convinced. Price $2.60 per chargea. P.O. or money order only. Shipped prepaid. Address, The Patn-Ade Medicine Co., Hampton, Ontario.
ONE MONTH ONLY. INTRODUCtory offer, 8x10 enlargement, with every order. Roll developed and eight prints. Reprints 10 prints. Send order, advertisement and thirty cente. Mall order department. Graphic Film Servllce. 247*4 Dundee Rt.. London. Ont Established 1320.
What Science
is
ttle plus 16c
BABY CHICKS, PULLET» LARGE TYPE WHITE LEGHORNS. 7c: Pullet*. 15c: Rock lAghorn cross breed*, Sc; Pullets 16c: Bar. red Rock, Sc. 1 weeks old chicks add 4c.
•it
Doing
*
FOR SALE
*
la some ways the modéra
CREPE-TEX BATHING SUITS $2, Caps 36c, postpaid. Red. White, and Canary. Send for catalogue, cape*, rubber sundries. Ray Baldwin. Merlin. Ontario.
man ia very similar to the pri-
PERSONAL
MARRY—HUNDREDS TO CHOuftB from. Many with meant Farmers daughters. . Widows with Property. Particulars lOe. Cob. Odent!ai. Box ll’ti Calgary, AS* berta.
Breed Ckleke
DIET REVIVES HEARING
A 70-year-old San Francisco physician claims that after 20 year» of experiments and study he haa discovered a successful chemical treatment for deafness.
The treatment consists of administering two powerful synthe-tiçally-produced chemicals, nicotinic acid and thiamin. They are believed to restore activity in the hearing nerve.
If his women
milive man.
just the kind you're looking for thl* time of year. Excellent for both egg and meat production.
folk talk too much, ho goo# to his club, while his ancestor just reached f
pullet» Bf. Leg-
(FREE SUIT)
horns and Rock Leghorn crosa Breed*, also day old cockerel# Barred Rocks and Rock leghorn cross breeds.
1M4 MareS lot Hatched Follet».
Large Type Whit# Leghorns raised under Ideal conditions. 4 months old June delivery.
Send your order to—Loketlew Poultry Fa Ont.
it.
"AMAZING OFFER
FREE SUIT Would you like a genuine $35 Retail Value Made to Measure suit absolutely free for only a little of your spare time? Write today for full details. The Hudson Company, La bel I e Bldg. Montreal."
“Have you done anything to check the crime wave in Crimson Gulch?"
“There isn’t any crime wave,” answered Cactus Joe. “When we find we can’t make the citizens •top drinkin’ and gamblin’ we pass a law makin’ both legal."
QUIT TOBACCO SNUFF. EAti^Y, Inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials. Guaranteed. Advice free Bartlett's. Box 1. Winnipeg.
WHY SUFFER FROM ACID INDL geetion. Heartburn, Gae. Take "Arma Antacid Tablet»" for quick relief. 35c box, 1 boxe» $LU Arm» Products, 2169 Oxford Ave., Montreal, Que.
. Welo Il roe., Exeter,
HAIR GOODS
TWEDDLE CHICKS NO DELAYS. NO WAITING WHEN you order from Tweddle. $1.00 per hundred book* your order, balance COD Prices effective June 19th. Grade A Barred Rocks. White Rocks. New Hampshire Reds Hybrids $8.95. 90% Pullets. $12.76; Cockerels. $8 00. White Leghorns, Brown Leghorns $*.46. Pullets $14.75. Cockerels $8.00. Extra Profit Grade the kind that weigh two pounds per hundred more Heavy Breeds 110.95, Pullets $ ft.90. Cockerels $9.00, Leghorns 110.45. Pullets $19.90. Free poultry book.—Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus. Oo-
WIGa TOUPttL TRANSFORMA.
for lllustrsted catalogue. Confidential terms erranged Toronto Htiro-a» Heir RuddIv Co. 628 Rat hurst Toronto
“SILVER STEEL"
Silver steel, a new stainless alloy which resists sea water corrosion, is announced.
The new alloy is made by adding a small amount of silver, never more than two per cent and frequently less than one, to the present stainless steels that contain chromium and nickel.
The precious metal goes into hition in stainless steel. It dissolves like sugar in coffee. The silver forms a film of silver chloride on the surface of the steel.
This film is not soluble in water, hence it protects the steel against rust If the film is knocked off, • new oné immediately replaces It, coming from the silver dissolved in the steel.
IF YOU WANT AN AFFECT CN-ate romantic sweetheart, with money, write: Mary Lee, 4& ; 0, Rolls, Missouri.
44
big
werde," said Uncle Eben, “de
tail feathers. Dey makes am elegant impression, bnt day
Hi-JUfKS — LOOK
PIANOS CHEAP
MORE FUN AT YOUR PARTIES. Book of 101 GAMES and CONTESTS. Suitable for School, Church and Social Gatherings. 26 Page* 25c (coin) per copy. Postpaid. CHAPMAN PUBLICATIONS, 20 Roe hi Bldg.. Bellingham. Wash.
IF YOU ARB INTERESTED IN A good renewed piano at a bargain price write for descriptive liste with prices, forwarded free ol request Helntsman and Co.. Ill Yonge Street. Toronf
The area intended for spring wheat in Canada during 1939 is reported at 25,335,000 acres
compared with 25,188,400 acres sown in 1938.
Lever Brothers’
$300,000 Addition
PUPS FOR SALE
LEARN HARDENING
PURR BRED GREAT DAME
;
PTL Cort, Rydal Bank, Aig.ma, Ontario.
&
BADEN CHICKS_____ I
ORDER DIRECT FROM THIS AD. Save 11 me. money and bother sending for prices. Standard Quality Barred Rocks, New Han p » hi re Reds. White Rork* Hybrids $8.7^ Pullet* $11.96. Cockerels ft. Leghorn* $1.2$. Pullets $15.95, Cockerels $2.0" Big Egg Quality hatched from 25 to W ounce egg# Heavy Breeds 8# 45 Pullets $12.95, Cockerels $9.60. Leghorn# $8.95. Pullets $18.91. Prompt delivery.
START ANYTIME WITH AN UP.
Government lie-
X
to-date Syet eased. Free Information. Modern Barber School. 142 Queen Street Beat, Toronto
? $300,000 addition to the big Taranto plant of Lever Brothers Lfanited, soep manufacturers, is Unit company’s response to ex pending business conditions in deads. H. A. Wilkins, president af the company, declared that con-unoed expansion of business made the addition necessary, leilding, on which work is well way, will consist of three HHlJnf concrete, brick and eleel construction. It will be 140
i
DRINK jèc
SEWING HAOMINKS A SUPPLIES
MEDICAL
FDR HEWING MACHINED. 3-I Pairs, supplies—*, 11 makes, new or trade-in. reconditioned m\cb* Ines In stock — Write A divert A Hon. 85u Vonge HL. Toronto
HOT WATER
-but lease* fie *.*#*## ***###
ft you, dolly cup #4 to wotw. odd ike
dm^9ns4$ sRa , n l a	5b — _ ,.
MAY FEVER. ROSE FEVER SUF. forera. Money Back Remedy. $1.90. Cam.dc Herb Co„ Windsor. On-taste.

Free catalogue.—
CUBES ARTHRITIS
A new treatment for rheumatoid arthritic patients, never before used in North America, is reported to the Ontario Medical Association by Dr. Gordon Gaidar of London, Ont.
Dr. Caider said he had used a
»
The new
•my
HAT FEVER. ROSE FEVER BUF-ferers. Money Back Remedy. $1.00. Canada Herb Co. Windsor, Ontario.
NEWFOUNDLAND STAMPS, 40 LIT-feront «Oc, catalogue value $ !.60; PUre lists furnished.—Ed. 2Lim-roell. Botwood, Newfoundland
FREE
fer*' 1 3B&S
VOL'R OWN BUSIN Every dollar sale brings you rev enty-flva cent# profit. Write Economy Distributing Company, cur tie Avenue, Lea m I in glen. Ontario
HAT-FEv I : !t — Perthshire Medicated Snuff. Pleasant Convenient Relieves all cues. 90c and $i <c Rises. Sole Agente O. B. Products,
ox 115. Toronto.
DS I >» _
feet long and 80 feet wide, and house the company’s general and cafeteria* Air-cpndi-
AdoptecilBhroiSF y latest in effee
USED TIRED AND RETREAD# 7 )R

ere,
say car or truck, 95c and ue.
.r. W.‘S>‘EVr'E	F
T'
tinning will be

FILES
and the very
FREE EDO ary roll film developed end eight klgb glome print* 25c. 9 enlarged prints 21c. Reprint* urn* price», nr'jrhtltitg Studio, 29A Richmond St J'ast, Toronto.
in a number of axes About 70
equipment will be at the services #f the Arm’s employees when they •wore into their new quarter* this
l)ri»«.	S2, I «
Toreoie 9 - Ce
FIL
DEVELOPED. TV/O PRINTS
¦¦ENLARGE.

lira 1 n price Ilete. Order* ruth «4. Buy with coalidencr. from ?	¦ -
ada's largest retreaders. Merrick Tire Company, Boa WL 111-1*9 20*H West, Hamilton. Gats Ma.
Of f m ; h hi'fl & I
per cent of the cases were coso-
M8NT coupon S$e.—-Offset Photo
plete’y cured or showed marked «gravement, Dr. Caider declared.
¦WR Dep. "A". 9 Russell Pt Toronto.
39
Issue No. 25
fais

###PAGE###3###

¦ m*



;
after dark, the Journal of the American Medical Association mends special training of motor iste at night It pointa out that night driving involves a different technique because of the differ.
once in visibility and hi the rear, fions of motorists.
Training For
Queen U Interested In Girl Scout's Medal
Night Driving
Sunday
School
Lesson
Examinations for drive»’ I sss are made in the daylight. Mast motorists learn to drive in tbs daylight. Because daylight ditions differ wo much from those
«
i





¦y WHIiam Ferguson
This Curious world
<

LESSON XU I
PAUL REVIEWS HIS LIFE 1 Cor. 11:16-12:10; Phil. Itl2 24;
3.7-16$ 2 Tim. 4:7, 6.
Printed Teat, Philippian. 1:12-14,
2124$ 3:12-14$ 2 Timothy 4$7, 8
Golden Text.—I have fought the good fight, I have finished the course, I have kept the faith. 2 Tim. 4:7.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—The Second Epistle of Paul to the Corinthians was written about A.D. 57, not long after the writing of the First Epistle. The. Epistle to the Philippians was written while Paul was a prisoner In Rome, perhaps A.D. 62. The Second Epistle to Timothy was written just before his martyrdom, perhaps A.D. 67.
Place.—The Second Epistle to the Corinthians was written from Ephesus; both the Epistle to the - Philippians and the Second Epistle to Timothy wgre written from Rome.
Would you say that the apostle Paul in serving the Lord Jesus Christ had an easy life? Do you find in Paul’s record of his many and severe sufferings any word of complaint, any moan or sob? Do you think that Paul warn a joyous man? What leads yot to believe emphatically that the thorn in Paul’s flesh was not some fierce temptation of the flesh, which would be so abhorrent to God? 1 What do you think of the sufferings which Paul endured did for him as regard*’ his own loyalty to and faith in Jesus Christ?	t
12. Now I would have you know, brethren, that the things which happened unto me have fallen out rather unto the progress of the gospel; 13. so that my bonds became manifest in Christ throughout the whole praetorian guard, and to all the rest; 14. and that most of the brethren in the Lord, being confident through my bonds, are more abundantly bold to speak the word of God without fear. The apostle’s imprisonment was a powerful stimulant to the seal of the Roman Christians; it indicates one particular direction of the apostle’s influence upon the pagans around him.
The “praetorian guard" means the imperial guard. They were ten thousand in number, picked men, originally of Italian birth, but drawn later from Macedonia, Noricom, and Spain.
Life In Christ
21.	For to me to live is Christ. Probably no phase of seven words anywhere in the Bible presents a more perfect, comprehensive, character-molding ideal than these words of Paul, and the man or wo-qian who truly lives them is surely the fullest rounded of all Chris-tions.
Christ must be the origin of our life. Christ must be the essence of our life. Christ must also be the model of our life. Christ must also be the aim of our life. Christ must be the solace of our life. Christ must be the reward of our life.
22.	But If to live in the flesh—
If this shall bring fruit from my work, then what I shall choose I know not. 23. But I am in a strait betwixt the two, having the desire to depart and be with Christ; for it is very far better.
24. Yet to abide in the flesh is more needful for your sake.
Phil. 3:12-14.	12. Not that I
have already obtained, or am already made perfect: but I press on, if so be that I may lay hold on that for which also I was laid on by Christ Jesus. Paul had just set forth the absolute centrality of Christ in his own life, and how he gave up everything, counting all as nothing, that he might really win Christ, be found in Christ, know Christ, and all the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his sufferings. Still, Paul has not satisfied with what he had attained, even though the greater pert of his life was over. Still, Paul was determined to press on for greater knowledge, deeper apprehension of Christ, a closer resemblance to his Master.
13. Brethren I count not myself yet to have laid hold: but one thing I do, forgetting the things which are behind, and stretching forward to the things which are before. 14. 1 press on toowsrd the goal unto the prise of the high calling of God In Christ Jesus.
The truth is, we ought always to be making progress; since not to be going forward is to be losing grownd. These are the twin ae
6ÜS ourjueh-
U
I
DONATI'S COMET
WAS BELIEVED, BV THE PEOPLE
OF FRANCE, TO HAVE BEEN

y ai
W/A/SS PRODUCED IN



# •


• #
EVEN TODAY,


r)
\

«
IÉ
• e
\A/iNÊOS" snu. ARE
IN EXISTENCE, AND ARE USED ONLY ON
• •

V.
<r
s
%
%»
?ni
to attend the garden party at the British Embassy in Washingt
IfSÎSfWA
on.
does not herald a popular return to the pro-war stylo of nightshirt, although that still is adhered to by
some men, haberdashers claim. They say men don’t like pulling It over their heads. But the sleeping jacket has buttons like the shorter coat, and some oven hare a sash to make it look like a short dressing gown.
trunks, comparatively few wear the entire pyjama suit, and many eliminate It altogether, mays a story in the Toronto Globe and Malt
Laundries notice the difference, and Canadian manufacturers of men's apparel have also taken notice of this summer custom. They have produced for this summer n sleeping jacket which is styled after a pyjama coat, but which comes down to the knee like » short nightshirt “It's mors respectable than just a pyjama top," remarked the manager of a Tonga street haberdashery.
GARDENING
\
A suitable destroyer for weeds or grass in driveways is common salt, the cheaper and coarser the better. Not only will a liberal application of this about one or two handfulr to the square foot destroy grass, weeds, poison ivy, etc., but it will also bind gravel together into an even surface, keep down dust and repel frost. In some parts of Canada salt is used on all gravel roads and gives a surface equal to light pavement.
PESTS
Garden insect enemies are divided into two groups—those that eat holes in the foliage and those that suck out the juices. For the first-named, poison is usually applied, while the muckers are attacked with a burning spray which penetrates. Often when both are present, a combination of poison end something that burns, such as lims sulphur and arsenate, gives lime, sulphur and arsenate, gives the biting inserts Is usually quite apparent, but the presence of the other kind is only shown at first by a wilting or withering of the foil-

IN THE EARLV DAVS.
»


responsible tor a belief that exists.
PLINY seems to htviBWBWBW even up to today, that rusty Iron, rotten cloth, objects" In the soil will produce poisonous mushrooms. Equally erroneous Is the belief that a bright coin, dropped In a stew of mushrooms, will turn black ftt-the plants are poisonous, but will remain bright if the species be edible.
Claimed to be the world’s longest locomotive, an engine 100 foot long, with 28 wheels and weighing ISO tons, has been tested near Valenciennes, FYance, and will bo sent to West Africa.
With Buttons and Sash
The new style of sleeping jacket
(
from the
of a
RELIGIOUS LEADER
NOTES
RADIO
13 into. •STo dine. 11 Iron.
I
1,8 A adMUrtr
i
Catholic churdi,
(•His family name.
14 Practical.
16	Antelope.
17	Liquid part of fat
18	Weight
19	Nothing.
20	Axillary.
21	Feudal fea.
22	Trotting bone 29 Genus of
rodents.
27	Gaelic.
28	Vision.
28 Most excellent 48 Small fox.
81	Sea eagle. 54 Sums.
82	Vulgar fellow. 85 Field.
S3 Call for help. 58 Personal 35 Call to pray*, enemy.
87	Musical note. 50 Epoch.
88	Parent.
40	Neuter pronoun.
41	To harden.
42	Bulb flower.
NEWS
AND
ssrac
29	Curse.
30	Venomous snake.
82 Pussy.
! 34 Grain.
! 36 Bullet soundL 137 Normal.
39To insult*
41 Maple
43	You and 069
44	Structural "
By MADGE ARCHER
commentator, has gone oa a two-a-week schedule. He Is now heard over Mutual and CBC on Tuesdayt and Thursdays at 10.11 pjn. — — Jean Marla Beandet directs the Chalet concert broadcast from Montreal over CBC on June 21 at
The Toronto Promenade-concerta start over CBC on Thursday, July 6 TO BE HEARD:—June 23, 8 p.m.,
NBC, CBL 'WKÊÊÊÊKÊ
cart ...» f.10 p.m., CBC, CBL
„ Juna 24, Young Can-
Rumors of a basic chsnga in tha set-up of the Magic Key of RCA program, mooted In this col last week, have been definitely confirmed. Beginning Monday, June 28, from 8.30 to 9.30 p.m., E S T., ovar the Blue network the new schedule will start.
The series will be of a much lighter nature than has been the plan to date. Serious music will be discarded altogether and popular dance bands will be featured. The rest of the program will include novelty acts and dramatic sketches. No direct details have so far been announced but the sponsors are emphatic that they will avoid the set formula #o beloved by those who produce the variety broadcasts at present.
NBC announces its racing broadcasts for the coming month. The Kent Handicap will be described on Saturday, June 24, at 5.15 p.m., the Stars and Stripes Handicap on Tuesday, July 4th, at 8.16 p.m., the Hollywood Derby on Saturday, July 1, and the Massachusetts Handicap on July 12. All will be broadcast over the NBC Blue network.
Four new programs will begin on Mutual on Saturday, June 24. They are “Hawaii Calls" at 8.80 p.m., “Fiesta Time" at 9 p.m., George Fisher's Hollywood Whispers at 9.80 p.m., and Sons of Pioneers, a male singing group, at 9.45 p.m.
age.
For sucking pests, chief ef which are the aphids or plant lice, spray with whale oil soap, a quarter pound of soap to a gallon and s half of water; nicotine sulphate, or “Black Leaf 40,” or any other repellent secured from g reliable seed store.
Cut worms which eat through newly set out plants at the base of the stem, are destroyed by the spreading, of sweetened poisoned bran about the plants, there are only a few plants to protect, the same may be provided with paper collars.

8 30 p.m.
K 1
******

45 Government citric.
47	Turf.
48	To hesitate.
VERTICAL
unit
Cities Services Con-
45 To become exhausted
4# Laughter j sound. i
Bight Musical Maids 730 p.m., CBC, CBL -ada, from Toronto ...... 9 p.m., CBC,
Toronto Symphony Band 9 p m., CBS
• *
cloth.
48 To
t
CBL
Honolulu Bound. June 25, S p.m., CBS, CFRB—Columbia Symphony Orchestra; 7 p.m.
NBC, CBL	mÊÊ/ÊÊÊÊ
casts from his home town, Wau-
Chase and Sanborn Hour ...... 3 p.m.
¦¦I CFRB Hour
Prise-winning play, "White Acacias," from Montreal Z CBC, CBL Vancouver.
June 26, I p.m.
RCA (newj ... .. 8 p.m., CBS, CFRB
9 p.m., C16S
CFRB — Radio Theatre — 10 p.m. ¦K CFRB chestra
June 27, 8 p.m., CBS, CFRB — Edward G. Robinson in "Big Town" 8.30 p.m. NBC, CBL - Infqr
ation Please ..
June 28, 8 p.m. NBC, CBL - One
8.80 p.m. CBC,
»
50 Palm leat
Where
S Sultan’s wife. 51 To soak daft
60	Papal palace. 6 To bellow.
61	He beaded the 10 Every.
II Yoked.
many 12 Lizard Usb
51 Tee.
54 Three.
Jack Benny broad-


a p.m., NBC, CBL
8# Ell.
(PL).
Long Pyjama
Coat Favored
Columbia Dance 9 p.m. CBC, CBL — CBC
******
. 10.80 p.m.,
Ask each man la a small group what he wears while sleeping these warm nights, and there will be a variety of answers.
Some wear only the tops of their pyjamas, others • wear only the
By the Sea From
Magic Key of
Tune-Up Time
******
Guy Lombardo's Or
about to die, he says that the struggle has been a good one, that the course he has run has been one ordained of God, who has allowed him to finish it, and he rejoices in the fact that he has never denied the faith.
8. Henceforth there is laid up for me the crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous Judge, shall give to me at that day; and not to me only, but also to all them that have loved hie appearing. The brilliant sequel of the Greek’s athletic triumph was hie wreath or crown of laurel
*****



• • •

AROUND THE DIAL Mutual's "Musical Steelmakers ' broadcast from the Court of Peace at the New York World’s Fair on Sunday, Juno 26, at 6 p.m. America’s Town Mooting of the Air returns to the air for a single summer visit on Saturday, June 84. at 8 p.m., under the auspices ef the American Library Association ___ Raymond Gram Swing, Mutual

Man’s Family CBL — Chalet Concert from Montreal ___ 9 90 p.m. CBC, CBL —
Percy Faith’s Music.
June 29 • p.m. NBC — Rudy Valles's Varieties CBL — Good News Hour OBS, CFRB itiv Hour
— Bing Crosby's Musical HalL
******
*


.....
w 9 p.m. NBC, *
9 p.m.,
»****#
Major Bowes A 10 p.m„ NBC, CBL
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—A Hot Lead
v

that's him/
*H. MR.MULCAMEY f

( errcHA this will \ ticklbYw on A
AOCOUKTAHt mo*e*LT).
HIVER HAD;TME J
1 (MA* AT ALL f '

MY MOM DONT WANT TO BUY ANY VACUUM CLEANER, BUT I THINK' 1 KNOW WHO MIQHT Vi WANT ONE _
O.K., SONNY, JUST CIMUE

P»
:•

HIS NAME ANO
i
|
r
#
i
IF I SELL HR*
Yu SLIP TÔU
A NICKEL ACX
r
UÔ
j
V*
J
2 %
f
true
- '¦••••



.<
\V
C?»

e
hose things that are before."
2 Tim. 4:7. 7. I have fought the good fight, I have finiahed the course, I have kept the faith. Paul had suffered everything, had endured every conceivable insult, had kept churches from going to pie ces, had labored with souls far into the night, and bow that he is
te t
<

3?
«

flm
1

V


SdB

<>>*.
»
-16
###PAGE###4###
I
S\S\SiSlSis\/lS\S\S'S\S\SlfiS'*
THE EQUITY
Household Pests Methods of Control
i
HODGKINS
GARAGE

We
i
SHAW VILLE, JUNE 29, 1939
Among the enquires for information on household insects received by the Division of Entomology of the Science i Service, Department of Agriculture,1
* V
I
Increase in Births Reported During May
Ottawa, probably the most numerous relate to such common pests as ant»,1 cockroaches, silverfMh, cloths moths, | carpet beetles, house Hies and bedbug-. j Antb are particularly annoying in j kitchen and pantries at this time of the , year, where they are attracted by food-1 stuffs, especially sweet T&nd fatty substances Cock roadies and silverti^h may l>e troublesome all the year round, the former feeding upon practically all kinds of fjodstulfs and the latter pre ferring materials containing glue and starch. ‘These three kinds of insects can be controlled by the same insecticides : namely by a mixture of equal parts of sodium fluoride and pyrethrum powder or by the first-named insecticide alone. The powder, which is a poison and should be used with caution on that account, may be applied with a small dust gin or insecticide puffer, blowing it into the cracks and crevices where the insects occur and ii^ other places which they frequent.
The prevention of damage by clothes moths and carpet beetles is less simple and requires care and forethought.
Clothing and other articles which these insects attack, when no longer in frequent use, should be brushed and beaten and put away in well made trunks or boxes or moth bags, together with h generous supply of napthaleno Makes, about a pound to each trunk, and several ounces to each bag. Maces which may harbour the insects such as floor cracks, baseboards, furnace air shifts, etc , should be cleaned out at intervals.
When available a vacttin cleaner is useful for this purpose and also for prevent-	. .	T
Successful, Alphabetical!, b, p„ cent mg^gv «0 rugs and upboUtvred
iBl**
Charles McDowell. Over 70per cent- the l"oll,lTO"'"1 ul 8*,baf ,h*
Marlene Howard. Promoted on >ear's l'm^r Ire-'ment and disposal of
work—Dora Angus. Two pupils not |ullinu^ g*** snd window» ,.f dwel-promoted	lings should Inr screened, and nies that
Now Stock
The Dominion Bureau of statistics ports births registered in 07 cities and towns in Canada during May numbered 7,601, deaths 4,711 and marriages 7,601, deaths 4,711 and mai liages 3,392 coin-paved with 7,023 births, 4,695 deaths, and 3,223 marriages in May last year. Births registered in the first five months of 19.19 totalled 35,820, deaths 23,715 and marriages 12.719 against 34,304 births, 22,776 deaths and 12,860 mar
the corresponding period of
>
l
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
\
Chevrolet
Sales
9
\
King Bug Killer Acme Bug Killer Paris Green Arsenate Of Lead
t
Arsenate Of Lime
\
i
nages in 1938.
3
Quebec Highest Death Rate in World From Diptheria
The city of Quebec has the highest rate in the world from diptheria at 41.7 persons per 100,000 of population, according to League of Nations statistics made available here Wednesday.
Next to Quebec, the disease causes most deaths in Capetown, South Africa, whose rate is given at 22.4 per 100,000 of population.
Quebec’s diphtheria death rate shows some improvement compared with 1937, when it was 49. but at 41.7 it still is far ahead of the rest of the world.
Corresponding figures for other Canadian cities show a maiked difference. Toronto’s rate is 0.3, Vancouver 0.8. Winnipeg 9.5, and Montreal 3.0,
For Your Fence
Requirements
C. C. C. Cattle Spray
Try Frost Steele and Wire Company’s Famous Tight Look Fencing
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REC'O-
It cost very little more per acre for a good fence that will hold the stock in place while you slumber. We have a good assortment at present.
Appreciative
Tenders Wanted
Sl)awville Ijigh School June Examinations, 1939
Results of
The |K*nple of Stark’s Corner's community desire to express their thanks
Scaled tenders will be received by the undersigned president up to and in eluding July 1st, 1939, for a Secretary-Manager uf Bristol Fanner's Club. Lowest or any tender not necessarily
accepted.
J. L. HODG1N8
ROY MACFARLANE,
President Bristol Farmers’ Club "R. R. No. .3, Shawville, Que
Phone 64 J.
UZÀZA
Household Science Teacher Wanted
Tent Meetings
find their way into houses should he promptly destroyed hy tty swatters.
DALE’S TINSHOP
Promoted in Grade *2
Tent meetings of the Standard Church
Over DO per cent—-James Canty, Ada sticky fiy paper, poisoned tty pads, or congtegation at North Cjaremionstarted Applications will he received up to Horner, Dalton McKay, Phyllis Smart,	pyrethruiu fly spray.	on Sunday evening, June 25th, and will	June 30th, 19.39, for a competent	in-
Margaret Smith, Earl Y or. n g. Over 80 For further information on the life	continue throughout July. The meet-	dividual to teach the class in Household
per cent— Eddie Craig, Sammy Howard,	history and control of these insects, in-	ings are conducted hy Evangelists	Science in the High School during	the
Ralph Lat hem. Absout for examinations	eluding led bug*, write to the Publicity	Mhses Dafoe and Stevenson. Services,	! ter u* 1039 40. Duties, three hours	per
and promoted on year’s work—Nelson	and Extension Division, Department of	week nights at 7.45 ; Sundays at 1100	1 day State salary expected.
Angus, Beverley Bailey, Clifton Camp-	Agriculture, Ottawa, for a mpy of	a. in., and 7.30 p. m. Special music
One pupil not* promoted.	Circular No. 137.	v	and singing. Fveiybody welcome.
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
J. A. DEAN,
Sec. Treaa
BEATTY PUMPS
l>ell
Promoted in Grade 3
Over 00 per cent—Marie Hobbs Lenore Howard, Raymond Rowat. Over 80 per cent—Ann Campbell, Betty Nurse, Norma Wilson. Over 70 per cent—Laura Howard, Erma Kelly, Elizabeth McGregor, Kenneth Murray, Ralph Pequegnat, Dora Smyth, Ethel Young. Over 00 per cent—Harold E Howard, William Laughren for examinations and promoted on y cat's work—Isobel Barber and Harold 1) Howard Five pupils not promoted.
Promoted in Grade 4 "
Over 90 per cent—Beverley Harris, Desmond Hodgins, Claire Ren nick. Over 80 per cent—Roy Judd, Fay McDowell, Jean McKay, Marjorie Smart, William Thomson. Over 70 per cent — Ha Hand Armitage, Clarence Kilgnur, Mazie McTiernan, Grace Swartz, Eckard Way, Junior Young, Norris Young Absent for examinations and promoted on year’s work—Millar Shore. Two pupils not promoted.
Promoted in Grade 5
Over 90 per cent — liuua Howard. Over 80 per cent— Lyndon Walsh, Annal Younge, Shirley Hodgins, Milton Hodgins. Over 70 per cent—Mona Armstrong, Susan Barber, Clayton Corrigan, Clarence Shore, Hubert a Way, Roderick McDowell. Over 00 per cent. Beverley Allan, Clarence Cuthbertson Absent for examinations and promoted on year’s work—Shirley Judd, Dale Thomson. Three pupils not promoted.
Promoted in Grade 0
Over 80 percent — Ruth Hudgins, Betty Peiptegnat, Buddy Rowat, Shirley Sly, Lionel Storey. Over 70 per cent— Shirley Corrigan, Helen Dale, Grant Gibson, Muriel Harris, Dorothy Hobbs, Margaret Horner, Irene Howard, Ronald McCredie, Cedi McTiernan, Dorothy Smith, Jeatt Smith, Eleanor Turrietf. Over 60 per cent—Merle Barber, Elizabeth Cobb, Isabel Corrigan, Onnie Elliott, Belva Hodgins, Hewitt McCredie, Eldon McDowell. Four pupils not promoted.
Promoted in Grade 7
i
We carry a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.
I
Absent
Let us know your requirements • and we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
z



f
%



4
I DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, HUE.



ESTABLISHED 18S8
with the U
Zi
INVALID
COACH


GEORGE HYNES & SON
Directors cf Funeral Service
ÇINCE the Pontiac "Arrow" swept O into the LOW EST PRICE FIELD . . . sales are zooming to record heights. Now you can ow n a top flig car . . . enjoy the distinction of a Pontiac... at a cost to match the low est !
So before you buy any car try out the Pontiac "Arrow" ... or its great companion car, the Pontiac "Chieftain". Pontiac offers you the sparkling beauty . . . the bigness and amazing riding qualities ... feathery handling ease luxurious comfort . . . "penny-pinching" thrift... and an array of fine car features you get in no other lowest-price automobile. Convenient terms may be arranged on the General Motors Instalment Plan.
Shawville, Que.
ht
Phone 8
pt*
9
Beattie’s Eye Service
e • •
Over 90 per cent — Lois Hamilton. Over 80 per cent— William McDowell. Laura Woodley. Over 70 per cent—» Pansy Campbell, John Howard, Norris McDowell, Ronald Rennick, El w ood Storey, Vera Turrieff. Over 60 per cent —Carl Dale, Rachel fafromhcia, Inez Swartz. Absent for examinations and promoted on year's work—Everett McDowell, Meryl Tippins. Four pupils | not promoted
t
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eyi Service, cor. Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
t

P-17*
TWO SERIES
Pupils From Kuril Schools Writing Entrance
To Crade VIII
Successful, alphabetically by per cent.
Over 8f) percent — Alvin Belsher, Jean Smith, Gladys Telford, Doreen Walsh. Over 70 per cent—Shirley Arm strong, Beta Carson, Kenneth Dagg. Jean Draper, Russel Elliott, Eleanor Horner, Marion Smiley, William Smiley. Over 60 per cent — Irene Armstrong, Kenneth Bean, Velina Brownlee, Del-Burton, Viola Elliott, Bertal Grant, Eleanor Hodgins, Manson Little, McCagg. Douglas Wickena. Six pupils not successful.
Scientific Eye Examinations
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects

John L. Hodgins
Quebec
Shawville
T.T. BEATTIE,
KATHLEEN II.ROLLINS Professional Optometrist.
tner
MANENTLY and WEIL
YOUR PONTIAC DEALERS DESIRE IS TO SERVE YOU
PER

m

###PAGE###5###
mSm

Notice to Electors of School Municpality of
Clarendon
The Equity
FLY SPRAYS
Balsbllahei IMI
PDBUSMKI) KVKRY THCRMtlAT AT
SHAW VILLE, QUEBEC
PI
y

M
Km vine# of Quebec,
School Municipality of Clarendon
Public Notice is hereby given that there will be held on Monday, the third clay of July, 1039, nt the hour of ten of the morning at Hynes’ Hall, Shawville, a meeting of the owners of re si estate of this Municipality (Shawville included) entered as such upon the valuation roll to proceed with the Nomination of two School Commissioners in the room and stead of Messrs. Rex ford Wilson and H. T. Argue, whose term of office ex
All kinds of Fly p rays for inside and outside

>

7
annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada .. SUW To United State*
l'
I

\
A
use
r

2.00
a

V
w
1
Al»
Protect your children by keeping thé flies down, and also make more money from your herd by using a dependable
Fly prdy.
A#
All arrears must be paid In full before any paper Is discontinued


¦

iG&A


W. O.ÜOWAN, PUBLISHER
«K
M»
•A

wi. 9%
)
pires.
ShouM there bo more than two
the nomination papers at t an election will same Hall the follow*
Wfc

#4 I**
Heifer Astray



oamea on
eleven o'clock, a. m take place in tiie ing Monday, July 1 Otb, from 8 a. m. to
5 p. m.	.	.
Given at Shaw ville this 15th day of
June, 1930


Louis and Maria Hibart working in thair fia Ida.
•«%
WM
Strayed onto the premises of the undersigned, on or about June 4at, a two-----old heifer all f white with a few
red marking» Owner may have same by proving property and paying penses incurrred.

?

THE CORNER STORE

year
i
*
Estate Mrs. M. G. Howard
Main and Centre Sta
QUE.
J. A. DEAN,
Secretary
ex
SEED TIME a»i HARVEST
thus, mcdowell,
• HAWVILLE
Service Announcement
IN those far-off days Louis Hebert had no
Çbarteris, Que.
1
Shaw ville United Church Rev A. F. Fokes B. A , B.D. Pastor
Sunday, July 2
11.00	a.m. Service at Shawville
1.30	p.m.—Service at Zion
3.00 p.m.—Service at Stark’s Corners
At these services the Pastor will preach
The evening service at Shawville is withdrawn.
Bristol United Church C. Armstrong-Salem, B. D. Sunday, July 2
St. Andrews, Sunday School, 10.00 a.m
11 00 a,m 2.30 p.m «0.30 a.m 8 00 p.m
Clarendon Pastoral Charge
Rev R. G. Newman. M.A.KD
- Sunday, July 2
11.00 a. m.—Service at Y arm
Special service for Orangemen of the district
^ 2.30 p. m —Strvice at Bristol . 7.30 p. m.—Service at Yarm.
ANGLICAN St. Paul's Sunday, July 2
8 00 «1 m.—Holy Communion
10.00	a. m — Sunday School.
11.00	a.m.—Holy Communion
7.30	p m—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
2.30	p m.— Sunday School
3.00	p. in.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s
1.30	p m—Sunday School
2.00	p.m —Evening Prayer
Parish of North Clarendon Mr. A. C. Lawrence, Lay Reader 10.30 a.m.—Thorne V„ Morning Prayer
2.30	p.m.—Chatteris, Evening Prayer
7.30	p.m. —Greer mount, "
Orangemens Service
?\

ment. Today it is different. This Century-old Bank,’^actuated by a genuine desire to promote Canada's basic industry, always ^ welcomes opportunities to serve the agricultural community.
Louis Hébert
Louis Hébert, Canada's first practical farmer, was a member of that little colony at Port Royal (Annapolis Royal) who, in 1603, first attempted to cultivate Canadian soil. Later, in 1616, he settled in Quebec, made a clearing on the heights of Cape Diamond, cultivated it with his own hands, acquired a fief and became, except for Champlain, the leading citizen of Quebec. Above is depicted a monument to his memory which today stands in the City of Quebec.
V
Successor to G. F Hodgins Go. Limited
Coast to Coast in Canada
NEWFOUNDLAND, JAMAICA, CUBA, PUERTO RICO, DOMINICAN RF.Pl BLIC, NEW YORK, CHICAGO, BOSTON, LONDON, ENGLAND.
Tip Top Tailors
Service at
Knox,	'	"
Austin, Sunday School, 16	Service at
r ; Vi
a-:-.


1
ft v,

jg

a Basil

il
‘
NJade-to-Measure Suits
See Our New Samples for Summer 1939
All Tip Top Tailors Fabrics, except otherwise stated, are pure wool, examined for possible defects in their own examining
rooms.
The standard of perfection in cloth is the highest in the British Empire.
Each order received at the factory in Toronto is individually submitted to the designers before work on the garment is begun. Expert supervision is maintained throughout manu-1 1	facture.
Wi

ir'f
w


fx
Is
a





"yf

5

c


MARYLAND
Work (Slothing
Little Bobbie Horigins, of Cornwall, is sending bis holidays wifh bis grand parent», Mr. and Mrs. Murray Smith, Maryland.
Miss Mildred Hannaberry, who is teaching in Aylmer, »i>ent the week-end with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. B.
Hannaberry.
Mrs. Thos Dumas and son, Redmond, of Ottawa, spent the week end with the former’s sister, Mr». Andrew Duma».
Mi. and Mrs. Chat. Male»burg and their children, also Mr. Frank Trudeau, all of Ottawa, were Sunday visitors of Mr. and Mrs. W, J. Trudeau.
Miss Marion Smith, is spending a fjw weeks with her sister, Mrs. It icily Hod-gins, at Cornwall.
Mis» Margaret Dumas, R. N., of Ottawa, is spending her vacation with her mother, Mrs. Peter Dumas.
Soft Ball
Extra Hard Wearing Work Boots, full grain
leather, now at ..
I
/
Z


$2.95
• •
\
Work Shirts, in blue
Cham bray, which you will find very satisfactory 75c
Overalls, good quality
blue denim
X
On Saturday evening Wyman won a soft ball tournament staged at Maryland, Other teams were North Bristol and Maryland. N. Bristol won the first game from Maryland by 15 to 11, and Wyman took the winners by 10 to 6.
The teams were :
Wyman—L. Kehoe, D. Bourgeau, C. Presley, I. Finlan, L. Murray, B FiuUn, O. Angus, C. R«»y, K Greer.
North Bristol — B. Stanton, E. Roy. IVAllen, W. Gibbins, T Gibbins, E McNamara, M. Cain, II. Cain. H. Cooney.
Maryland—E. Hannaberry, J. Smith, V. Manary, G Hannatieriy, M. McKee, i A. Murphy,E. Roy, K Smith, E. Mar-
In Memoriams
$1.50
Grey Drill
Work Trousers
Well made and roomy Special at...
Stephens—In loving memory of our dear son and brother, Sydney Stephens, who passed away, June 16, 1938.
From our happy home and circle,
God has taken one we loved ; j He is bourne from sin and sorrow,
To a noble rest above.
No one knows how much we miss him, None but aching hearts can tell,
In silence many a tear we have shed, God alone knows how much we miss him,
At it ends the first sad year,
| But Jesus does all things well.
Sadly missed by	|
¦¦¦¦ Parents* Sifter, Brother and
G vand mot her.
Straw Hats,
bargain at..
15c
. $1.50
Place Your Order Now !
e # ##
Norris E. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Tip Top Clothes last longer and look better after long ser vice.
A Tip Top suit means that you will be dressed well, not mearly clothed.
tin
Officials, 1st game — V. Gallagher and F. Da Inn ; 2nd game, E. Martin and F. Dolan. Scorer, A. McQuarrie.
1
MacLean’s
Acknowledgment
RED & WHITE STORE
With the closing of the Scholastic year, Clarendon School Board, acknowledge with thanks the followings grants from the Department of Education. Quebec :—
For High School Library. , $ 225 00 Public School Library.. 175 00 41 Building No. 2 School.. 1287 33 14 Ordinary Grant in Fvb'y 550 00 44	44	14 in June 3269 00
Total grants for all purposes.. 5506 33 Pension stoppages
Used Oars
#
11)35—Chevrolet Sedan 1081—Chevrolet Sedan 1037—Pontiac Couch 1068-Willy* Pick up 1068—Ford Tudor Deluxe 1020—Plymouth Coupe 1037-Dodge Coach 1931—H nick 1031—Plymouth Sedan 1031—Dodge Sedan 10:10-Ford Sedan All ready to go at reasonable price*.
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves '
I i
4 4
23 cts.
Alymer Soups, 3 for
Crown Tea, one pound package
Red & White Coffee, per pound
53
e #
Home Furnishings
39 “
457 60
“ Baking Powder per lb. 25 “ Pineapple, Sliced, Crushed, or Cubes 10	“
Mixed Biscuits, two pounds Miracle Whip Salad Dressing 32 oz.
16 “
a a
v*
Grand total
5,963 83
£
25 “
cArtejÿ plating buying new Furniture, Beds, Cfésterfield Suites, Studio Couches, Dining
it will
If you are Bedding,
Suites, Breakfast Suites, Floor Coverings, etc., pay you to visit our Furniture Department, vvTiere you
are always welcome to go up and look around.
I
49 " 35 " 22 " 15 “
Use of Fiery Cross In Scotland
Telegrams may be handier and swifter, but much of the romance of early days died when the fiery cross went out of use as a message in Scotland. The cross was made^tf two sticks of wood and the ends burned in fire, then dipped in goafs blood. In emergencies two runners of the clan were each given a fiery cross and sent out through the countryside, to caU th$ clan slogan an3 give the name of a meeting place. At each village a fresh runner took the cross and continued rallying the clan, for every male had to report to the chieftain at once. The last fiery cross recorded In Scotland was one sent out in 1746.
u
a
a
a
8 “
44
44
44
44
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Fresh Cheese, per pound
Shu-Milk for White Shoes, 15 and 25 “ jj It, for White Shoes, per bottle
Ford Service
a e i v
19 "
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
*

MEAT DEPARTMENT
J. P. Wilson
Canada Packers Sausages, fresh per
Main Street Shawville. Quebec
Phone 40
pound 15 “
Good Assortment of Cooked Meats
Successor to G. F. Horigins Co, Limited
J
###PAGE###6###
1
1
ê
¦
1 tell youse dey wocldu* of found nuttlu' on me?**
Kelly looked at hlm blauàljr.
“nut the guns couldn’t have keen In that box all the time/* she objected. “You had one of them Jammed Into my ribs till I thought It would stab me."
“Dat wux me finger, lady," chortled the Weasel. "Haw! Ilaw!"
Could Have Escaped
Kelly’s white teeth bit Into her lower lip. So escape had been possible all the time. If only she’d had a little nerve. And yet. she couldn’t blame herself too much. The Wasset's finger had fell realistic, terribly realistic.
"I could kill you," she said sav-
Petticoats Frill
Below Hemline | fc
Embroider. J, Rucbed, They
*^Se
It Makes a Nicer Cool Drink
HOUSEHOLD
SCIENCE
w

>
î
low Knee-Length Skirts
A


V
!
PARIS,—The petticoat, tired of playing second Addle—or no (Id- I j die at all for years no#—has at | last decided to appear beneath the dark knee-high skirt and show its frilly edges in a blatant fashion which would have landed its wearer's mother in embarrassed social discard 20 years ago.
Not so today—you meet a petticoat on every corner in the world's fashion capital. The Champs-Elysées, the Bois de Bologne and the Opera corner sees a steady stream of "English" embroidery, handmade lace or dainty rucheing sauntering by. As yet, though many hive turned to take a sixth look, no startled gentleman has mustered the courage to step up and say gallantly, “Lady petticoat is slipping coat !"
!

SSSS> TEA



f
x’ .

V «

By SADIE B. CHAMBERS

£

agely
HOLDUP HOKtYMO
"You would n* do dat, would you?** said the Weasel, iu mock alarm. He gestured at Joe with owe of the An* now. sonny, pass me
SALAD HAT
Of salads, of course, there can be no end, when so vast a medley of delectable combinations can be dressed up under the popular name "salad" helping to grace any menu, and at the same time scoring a distinct triumph for the housekeeper. Many people may excel about ideas for the solid of the salad, but may ruin their concoction by the dressings.
Then as warmer weather is approaching and you are eliminating some of the heavy proteins and yet wish to have a well balanced diet, make good use of cottage cheese. It has so many forms. Probably the simplest is to run it through your potato ricer. Place on cfcsp lettuce, cover with salad dressing of your choice, sprinkle with chopped nuts, top with red currant jelly or any tart jelly. A sparkle of jelly gives life to a salad and charms the eye. Another treatment for this cheese, which is simple and has smartness too: taka jrour fresh cheese, add seasoning —salt, pepper and dash of paprika. Form the cheese into balls an inch or so in diameter. Have ready some dried currants, which have been thoroughly washed and dried. Roll the cheese balls into the currants, which have been spread in an open array on a piece of waxed paper; this will stud the cheese with the currants instead of coating it too thickly. Arrange one or more on salad plate with lettuce and serve with your favorite dressing.
This brings me to dressings. 1 I am giving you my favorite cooked dressing, one mayonnaise, a whipped cream dressing for fruit salads, then a Russian one, and last of all, the ever-popular Thousand Island Dressing.

guns
back me 20 grand Joe jumped. *’
Wh-wbat are you talking about? I
BY EDWIN RUTT Copyright 1938. NEA Service Inc.
Your 20 grand?
haven't got . . .
' Sure, you have," said the XVess-el delightedly. "In yer right hand coat pocket. 1 put It dere nies elf."
Joe reached into his pocket. His fumbling hand touched something alien. In amazement he drew It out. It was a packet of bank notes secured by a rubber band.
"Well, I'll be damned." he said.
The Weasel reached for the
... teeth Êept bright and attractive with the help of WRIGLEY’S GUM.
CAST OF CHARACTERS JOSEPH SANOHAM
he passed a hand over his eyes to stimulate recollection—‘it might have been the Tombs."
"Danzig," t Id St; Trooper Mo reo dangerously, ‘ make up your mind "
hero; he thought he was on top of the world until he smacked into KELLY ARCHER—heroine thought she was headed for the altar until she smacked into ED, the WEASEL—gangster; he thought he was headed somewhere. too, but affairs somehow got mixed up.
your take my
she
Coolness Depends
On Cut and Fit
H

"1 can’t just remember where I've seen him," said State Trooper Danzig, a 'Ittie • vaLl;*. ‘,r* t I kn w it was somewhere*."
"Well, gosh," said State Trooper Me Fee, who was fed to the teeth by now, "that don't get us no place. You’ve sceu him. but you can't remember where. What are we supposed to do, bust out cryin'T For Pete’s sake, Danzig, snap out of it. We can’t stand here all night."
"I know." persisted Mr. Danzig, “that his face is familiar. He’s— he’s a dip of some kind."
"Who, me?" said Ed the Weasel, in a perish the thought tone.
Kelly Archer opened her mouth. That, however, was as far as she got. The hard thing which the Weasel had been pressing against her back shifted suddenly to her side. It remained there, warningly, painfully.
	
«
tv!** ^
It must be remembered that coolness and summer comfort depends on more than mere scantiness it) dress. Even the child's sunsuit needs to be well cut and well fitted.
A brief suit that does not fit, that is made of harsh material, or is roughly or stiffly finished along the seams, may be neither comfortable nor cool. Belts, closefitting bands, and tight elastics make a suit warmer—besides offering a refuge to the chiggers that are a.plague of summer time in some sections. Halter ties that come undone or pull the head forward, shoulder straps that slide off, panties that pull up uncomfortably in the crotch, are other faults of design to be avoided •• much as fussy little sashes and ruffles.
money.
"Dal bull back decs had da dope," he said. "I’m a dip, all right. Least 1 usta wut Tore 1 seen dey • wui more dough in crackin’ cribs."
Joe laughed hand It to you, Weasel. You sure slipped that wad into my pocket neatly."
CHAPTER VII
All during the festivities Slate Trooper Danzig had held his peace. But his eyes, little darting eyes, had been studying the charming countenance of Ed the Weasel. Now. as Mr. Me Fee ordered the Ford to move on, State Trooper Danzig cleared his throat.
"Just a minute Trooper Danzig.
Mr. McFee wheeled upon him. He was anxious to get rid of the occupants of the Ford. They were people who had witnessed his disgrace and degradation at the hands of Mr. Callahan; people who had known his "when." As such, unreasonably, he objected to them.
"Well, what now?" he demanded
GET SOME TODAY I
Well, IT! have to
Millinery That Causes Wrecks
I ain't lost me touch none." said
the Weasel complacently.
"But when did you put It there?"
1 swear 1 never felt
said State
Hats Pulled Down Over Owe
Joe asked
Eye Are Responsible F
it
Many Traffic Blonder»
An Entertaining Evening
"Soon as I lamped dem bulls," explained the Weasel. "An* den 1 dropped me rods in da candy boa. I flggered If dey soirched anybody, it'd be me. T'ought mebbe dey'd leave you alone. 'Cause you got class, young fella. See?"
"Thanks," said Joe dryly.
Kelly was readjusting the blanket behind her shoulders.
"Well," she said, still disgusted at the thought of her lost chance to escape, "if all the chicken chasing and sleight-of-hand and other charades are over, I'll leave you two old pals to pat each other on the back and go back to sleep. But before I do"—her voice scaled the summit of sarcasm—"I must thank you, Mr. Weasel, for a very, very entertaining evening."
The Weasel grinned. He was feeling vastly pleased with himself.
"Don' mention It, lady," he said magnanimously. "Don* mention it."
(To Be Continued)

When a woman driver pulls a traffic boner you can blame it on her hat.
That's the finding of Dr. Lowell S. Selling, eye specialist, who made a study of accidents in the Detroit Recorder^ Court traffic clinic.
“The type of hst which is polled down over one eye is a driving hazard for any woman because it limits her field of vision at the wheel," he declared. “She Is telling the truth when she says, T didn't see it coming'."


State Trooper Me Fee had had about enough, lu his opinion, Mr. Danzig was gibbering.
"C mon," he said. "The devil with all this."
"I think
testily.
State Trooper Danzig, an obstin ate man, pointed to Ed the Weas
#
(drained), 2 tablespoons chopped green pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped pimento, 1 teaspoon fruit THOUSAND ISLAND DRESSING Into the Russian dressing fold 4 tablespoons of whipped cream.
el
*
‘Tve seen that guy before," he stated positively.
"Oh, you have, have you?" said State Trooper Me Fee. "So what?"
State Trooper Danzig scratched his head.
said State Trooper Danzig, ' that wo'd ought to search this guy."
A Law-Abiding Citizen
Upon him Mr. Me Fee bent eyes bright with annoyance.
"Danzig," he said, "you're a fool. Just because you think you've seen a mug in some cooler or other, you want to search him. Why, gee," he spread his hands—"you ain't got no proof. You ain’t got no warrant. You—you ain't got nothin.' You’re just goin' on a hunch. And that"— Mi. McFee pursed his lips severely—"that ain't the way the police had ought to do things."
Ed the Weasel was in complete agreement with this statement.
"’Course it ain't," he said fret-fuly. "I’m a law-abidin' citizen. All I’m doin’ is—is bummin' a ride wid
<
!
Linguist Aged Two
Your Household Problems
Have you fussy eaters in your family? Do you have trouble providing a varied and interesting menu? Do your cakes fall? Then write, enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie B. Chambers, care of this paper, and she will endeavour to solve your problems.
I've Seen Him Somewhere "Was It at Dan ne ni orra?" he said reminiscently. "No. I don’t think It was Dannemorra. Maybe It was Auburn. Or was it Sing Sing? Or •
BOILED DRESSING
1 teaspoon mustard Ie teaspoon salt (small).
% cup brown sugar 4 eggs.
Mix salt, mustard, sugar with a quarter cup water. Then add four well beaten eggs. Mix all together beating for a few minutes with dover beater. Place over boiling water in double boiler stirring until thick. It will require about five minute cooking. Remove from heat beating again until very smooth. Cool, then add whipped cream.
Michael Williams, 2, of Enfield, England, can carry on a conversation in English and French. He began to speak both languages nearly a year ago. His father is English, his mother hslf-French, half-Italian. His grandmother is French, his grandfather Italian. He hopes soon to apeak his grandfather's language.
THREE SMART TOPPERS VACATION ESSENTIALS
<
2857
SIZES Q - 42
«
Shopping Hints
rm
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
i *
Make personal vistis to your grocer occasionally. The telephone is a convenience and a great aid in emergencies, but it pays to shop. No goods can either be described or visualized perfectly over the telephone.
Keep In touch with what is new in groceries, fruit and canned goods. We are living in a wonderful age. We can obtain almost anything we desire for a complete menu, either in cans or cellophane. Try out now goods If you wish, but finding brands in your different requirements, which completely satisfy your recipes and needs, may make you not too hasty to try something "just as good." Unless it proves to be better stay with your old. Many errors and failures in cooking come from too much changing from one product to another. Remember If you insist upou It, everything you buy will be government-tested or tested by some of the many household bureaux for the purpose. They are functioning to serve you because you have demanded It, and your grocer has In turn insisted upon it, that he may give you the best possible service and value for your money.
—wid here."
well, wid me friends
»

"1 only suggested it," said State Trooper Danzig lamely.
"Hereafter," said State Trooper McFee sternly, "don’t make no fool suggestions. When I want suggestions from you, Danzig, I’ll ask for
#
WHIPPED CREAM DRESSING
% cup white sugar 2 tablespoons vinegar
1	lemon (juice) ^
2	egg yolks 2 egg whites
2 cups whipped cream % teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon corn syrup (white) Mix sugar, flour, vinegar, lemon juice, corn syrup and well beaten egg yolks. Cook in double boiler until thick fold in egg whites, which have been beaten stiff. When cool, chill and then add whipped cream.

v
lit
%

<
Ï

em
X
I
“Okay," said State Trooper Danzig. Then, with a flash of the old But he still looks like a dip
«


VB

fire

•V
to me.
Mr. McFee decided to close the meeting. He looked at Joe and extended a portentous finger in the direction of Albany.
"Proceed," he commanded grand*
*1»

»

A
Remove from heat.

tAIlU e
ill
ly
Off Into the Night
Mr. Sandham proceeded. He brought the car neatly back on the road, saluted the constabulary and stepped on the gas. The Ford rattled away into the night.
For a long time there was silence, broken only by one vast sigh of relief from Ed the W easel. That dignitary, aloof in the rear, was mopping his brow with a handkerchief.
Joe Sandham chuckled.

ONE MINUTE MAYONNAISE
1	egg
% teaspoon mustard 1% teaspoon salt
2	tablespoons lemon juice Speck of cayenne
1 pint salad oil
Break egg into a bowl. Add mustard, salt, lemon juice and cayenne. Beat together a few secoua. Add oil slowly (which is the secret) beating constantly.
>
FOR YOUR
The famous Scottish Linars
“LETITIA” and “ATHENIA”
New Features
Hot and cold running water in all Cabin and
Tourist staterooms, and in moat Third Class cabins.
Beds instead of berths.
Controlled ventilation throughout.
Enlarged and rebuilt caFin “Athcnia”. *
New rooms with private bath on the "Atbcnia" following similar improvements made in the Le ti ci a ' '
4M
* Boy," he said, "I'll bet you were sweating picket fences back there."
"Aw," said the Weasel deprecat-tngly, "I wuzn’t scairt much." "No? Suppose they’d searched
*41012
RUSSIAN DRESSING
To one cup of the boiled dressing add 2 tablespoons chili sauce
Railway Nurseries
By LOUISE LENNOX
With Summer vacation plans in full swing and you are going away wither for a week or week-end trip you will certainly need these three toppers. The bolero has a matching belt to completely change • dress into something entirely different. The lumber jacket adds tfiarm and color to your suit for travelling and will be worn with skirts and slacks after you arrive. Th*- halter is for warm days when you are trying to get an even tan and is perfect with shorts and •lacks.
Style No. 2857 is designed for sizes 12, 14, 16. 36, 38, 40 and 42. Size 36 requires 1 % yards of 19-inch material for the bolero and girdle; 1 \ yards for the blouse And 1 % yards for the halter.
Send Fifteen Cents (16c), (coin is preferred ) for pattern to Louis# Lennox, Room 421, 78 West Adelaide St
Plainly Style 1
size you wish
CANBERRA.—Railways of Australia have opened a nursery for children while mothers shop, and are supplying gingham overalls to the iota.
you?’
' De y wouldn* of found nuttlnV
"Not very much. Just a couple of gats and $20,000. Which, forgive me for aayipg so, but which would have looked jvat a little phony on a guy like you."
"Liasen." said the Weasel, "I ain't ao dumb."
"I never said you were," Joe disclaimed hastily.
"An* if you don* believe me," went on the Weasel, developing his point, "stop da car a mlnnit an’ I’ll shoy you somepin."
Wonderiugly, Joe obeyed. He and Kelly turned around on the front seat and watched as, with a magician's air of mystery, the Weasel reached Into the depths of a large, corrugated-paper candy case. Some how he bad managed to break open ! the top of the case surrepltiously and from it he now drew a revolver. Hefting this in hie left hand, he reached down again and produced Its mate.
* Dere be said, with satisfaction. "Now wv>t youse fink? Didn’t
staterooms tn

Wear The Apron

I
These improved and increased facilities.
9
4‘‘««s â fe«
it, represent
I
*
200 married men have joined the Housewives' Association of South Australia.
Makes Its Own Gas
only $545
Note thete Low Rotes
T.urht *118.
&
C»Mn frem *132.
i
Third *91.
\tlili/


MEN LOVE orn
girls with rtr
Kitchen equipment le net cemplete without this handy, one-burner table stove. Cun be used
' "tîàgn
own fu from gasellme. Lights, regelates instantly. Safe, speedy, economical, attractive. Can be moved while burning. Tuel cannot spill Has more fin# features than any other ono-burner stove. At your heals re or write for KRBB literature
fa
DONALDS*
çyrtÊ[miic^j4w,
any where—home. Makes and burns
BUT If you
m
are
t be i
Spit* rS
Sois
gffLIMAI LAMP A STOVE CO., LTO
Dept, wo-.Vii
Ter*##*. Oelarlm
Toronto. Write

your Name, Address and Number. Re sure t# state
(EL-1471)
Issue No. 25 — '39
T
worn*
H
I
r,
B


###PAGE###7###
t
The King and Queen At Niagara
" It DOES M« good in a pipe I"
HAHOT «AL-TMHT POUCH - f S<
r VUB. "LOtC-TOT* UN - 60c f site petted In Ptknt Tins
VOICE
of the
PRESS
NEWS
tSÊm

PARADE


headlines again: After lit of keeping people In darkest
ignorance, )	JÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊ
flanking on us the sudden light of European events. For a month and a half we were scarcely let know that svck a person as Adolf Hitler «listed, so chucked were the pages of Canadian dallies and weeklies with news stories of the royal tour, multitudinous pictures of Their Majesties. Made us uneasy not to bear tbs latest he was up to. But ¦T~] the big streamer headlines back on the front pages, and It's all blood, thundei' and crisis once more. 'Sgreal to be In the again. Much mo* comfort-
D

PACE A RED HERRING
You can recognize a political issue by the way party leaders snort and shy when they pass it on the road.—Windsor Star.
the newspapers are
•lit
t

•It


OVERPOPULATED
With huge throngs meeting them at every place they stopped at, the King and Queen may have gathered the idea Canada is over-
Thomas Times-
Expedition To Indian Village
i
How Can I?
populated.—St. Journal.
now
n r O
BY ANNE ASHLEY
3e ?
l
WE COULD LEAD THE WAY Just as Canada encouraged by her acts the collapse of the League of Nations, so today Canada by vigorous action which would again receive the “approval of all sec tions” of this country could help to lead the way to the only way of peaceful life that offers itself.— Winnipeg Free Press.
The first archeological expedition ever sent out by the University of Weeten Ontario haa pitched camp at an old Indian village site, Clearville, near Morpeth, to spend six weeks investigating the historical evidence found there. Under the leadership of Wilfrid Jury, who with his father, À. H, Jury, is honorary curator of the Indian Museum at the University, the party is conducting an archeological survey of the ancient camp site.
Q.—How can I cut pies so that the meringue will not stick to the knife?
A.—Dip the knife in cold water before cutting each slice of the meringue pie, or the cake, and how neat the slices are, without breaking or sticking.
Q.—How can I clean white milk
lace?
A —It should be washed and rinsed in benzine, dried in the open air, and pressed between sheets of white paper. This same method can also be used on cotton lace. Caution: Benzine is in flam-
know
able.
GAS TAX STRIKE: Although the May returns haven't been figured op yet. It Is expected that gasoline tax revenues In Ontario will show a fall Inf-off from 1838 for the second month since the eight-cent tax went Into effect In April they dropped 146,000. Provincial officials, believe, however, that It was only a temporary decrease, and the Government haa no Intention of rescinding the increase, It inf learned.
IMPREGNABLE ROCK: When one thinks of the solid, unchanging things of this world, the Rock of Gibraltar Is among those that come Mrst to mind (with or without the life Insurance sign on It). But as Fascist boldness In Europe Increases Rock becomes dally less solid, secure. German guns have been trained on It from across the Straits for several years now. I Vs even come to the point that one of Italy’s most Influential newspapers is demanding transfer of the Rock from Britain to Spain. Says II Tele-grafo: "In Spain the question of Gibraltar is essential for the life and Independence of the nation.”
WHAT, NO TITLES?:	In the
King’s Birthday Honors List this year the name of no Canadian is Included (except Sir Harry Oakes’, of course, but he has long since fled to the Bahamas). None Included because no one was recommended. There was no recommendation because the present Premier, who tor the time being does the recçiumending, Is not In favof of title* Neither is anyone else io far as we can discover, except perhaps Ihe people who can see themselves getting one.
see
GONE WITH THE WIND
In St. Thomas a memorial fountain erected years ago for the watering of horses is to be moved to # park and filled with flowers because there are few, if any horses left to use it and because it Interferes wi Like the hitching-post, the watering-trough is today an urban anachronism and it may soon join the cigar-store Indians in the muse-Brockville Recorder and
The Clearville site is on the farm of John Cochrane, of Duart, and Mr. Cochrane gave permission to the archeologists to conduct their survey. They are camping on the spot during the excavation, which must be done very carefully, in order that no bit of evidence, no matter how email, may be damaged.
bit.
Q.—How can I draw an extremely stubborn splinter from the flesh?
A.—Take elder^root and the seed of Jamestown-weed; fry it in lard, and apply. It is claimed that this will draw any splinter from the flesh.
Q.—How can I lubricate the food grinder, juicer, or any other similar kitchen device and avoid any disagreeable taste or smell of
oil?
motor traffic.
1»

11

Times.
es.

CANADAS SHAME
If there is any one thing which the Federal and Provincial Governments have failed in during recent years, it has been in the handling of the single unemployed
me n. WÉÈÊÊÊtÊlÊÊÈtKIÊfÈlÊÊtÈi
CCC camps, and South Africa has
formed semi-military regiments where youths are given a training. However, every effort in Canada to have failed to touch the blems as a whole, ee Press.
BEE HIVE Offer*
«'X Z
1
f
A.—Use a drop or two of glycerine.
Q.—How can I eimplify the task of threading a needle?
A.—The thread can be more easily inserted into the needle eye if it is clipped on the bias. Slipping silk threads through the needle eye twice will prevent their constantly slipping out.
Q.—How can I clean plaster of
Paris ornaments?
A.—Cover with a thick coating a starch and let it become per-
Then brush off and
L
The United States has its

A thousand pictures she had seen of the Falls fell far short of its real beauty declared Queen Elizabeth during the Royal visit to Niagara Falls, pro
Ontario.	Fr<
stems
London
I!
I
PS4
FOR YOUR ^ CONVENIENCE
Neighbors Lend Farmers Grain
Newcomers to Burgessville District, Unused to Canadian Methods, Are Helped By Older Residents
these circumstances, fully than at present? Next year, we propose asking the government for $3,000, justified on the basis of what we have started and will accomplish in this present year 1939.
“Our experience with the present Department of Game and Fisheries has been that they do willingly accept honest, construct-^ ive criticism.”
even more
n
s
NTARIO
UTDOORS
partly dry.gggg**gg| the dirt will come off with it.
Degrees of drunkenness have been listed by an American doctor, who complains of the difficulty in trying to prove that driv-
He gives the six
stages of drunkenness as: (1) Dry and decent. (2) Delighted and devilish. (3) Delinquent and disgusting. (4) Dizzy and delirious. (6) Dazed and dejected. (6) Dead drunk.
By VIC BAKER
tin
%
BASS POSTER
Angler Ernest Grand of Toronto is credited with the idea for the bass poster picturing the legal minimum size, which the Ontario Department of Game and Fisheries is posting throughout the bass resorts of Ontario this year. Twenty-five thousand were printed at a cost of $600 at the recommendation of that active organization, the Ontario Federation of Anglers, we are reliably informed.
International friendship was evidenced when 16 neighbors of John Bossejovsky and Andrew Stentlm-Holbrook. near Burgessvllle, Ont., helped the two “new Can ad Ians” with spring seeding.
The two men are of Hungarian hlrth, but resided in Slovakia until the fear of what might happen In the future caused them to move to Canada In September, 1938, with their wives and Stentlmrey’e fam-
on
era are drunk.
THC WEEK’S QUESTION: Why la the Polish Corridor (which Germany wants surrendered to her) essential to the national life of PolandT Answer: The Corridor Is none other than the province of Pomorse which belonged to the ancient kingdom of Poland. The people of the Corridor have alwaye been predominantly Polish. Some of Poland’s most important industrial areas are located there. The Corridor is the lifeline passageway through which the nation’s économie products are transported to the ocean and the outside world.
Bee Hive a»u»01 Syrup
rey,
Ontario Fruit’s Fine Prospects
There’s Going To Be A Bump-Crop In Sonye Districts This Year—Outlook Bright in Others
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
er
ny.
THE COLONEL
tl
Unfamiliar with Canadian ways of farming they, were far behind with seeding this spring, and had reached the end of their rope In more ways than one.
Paid Back After Harvest One neighbor loaned them sufficient seed grain, to be paid back after harvest, and one day seven tractors and eight teams of horses pulling plows, harrows, etc.,
WE RE ALL FOR IT And speaking of the Ontario Federation of Anglers recalls to mind their current progress report covering the 1938-39 season of their popular and widespread cpn-servation activities. We quote from this report what we think will be interesting information for ev-conservation-minded citizen
Bright prospects for the fruit crop In Ontario are forecast in the first fruit and vegetable crop report of the season Issued by the Ontario Department of Agrlcul-

Rural Health:
Its Conservation
County Health Units Make Valuable Contribution—One of Canada’s Most Important
IVjiKLnn
r rooicms
lure.
Weather conditions have been favorable for growth of fruit In Western Ontario and frost damage has been negligible. Nearly all varieties of fruit trees, plants and vines wintered well and showed good to heavy blossom, with the exception of Spy apples In some areas.

Brl
cry
were
and finally seed drills over 23 acres
of Ontario:
“If politicians, newspaper critics, non-member clubs, conversationalists rather than conservation-•lists, or other individuals or groups of men, feel that they can do more with a $1,000 grant of public money, in a constructive, consistent way, on behalf of conservation and restoration of wild life in Ontario, the Federation would like to hear from them, and the letter will be published in our next bulletin.
“It is our opinion that ovec a period of years our affiliated clubs, through the Federation, have given the Department of Game and Fisheries more constructive help with their many problems than any other voluntary agency. We have had the satisfaction of seeing many of our recommendations accepted and carried out.
“Why should the government not subscribe to our work under
cÿ
of land.
MAGIC CARPET
Attention Is drawn to the value of the county health units by announcement of the swards In the Canadian Rural Health Conservation Contest for 1938. Financed by the W. K. Kellogg Foundation, the contest Is conducted In Canada by the Canadian Public Health Association in co-operation with the American Public Health Association.
For the second time the major award In Canada has been won by
the Bt. Jean-Iberville-Lapralrie-Na-
plervtlle County Health Unit, the headquarters of which are at St. jean, Que., and the mediçal officer,
Dr. J. A. Lapierre, D.P.H.
Judging In the contest Is made by a carefully selected group of # health experts, the communities being appraised on the measures it takes: (1) to provide and safeguard Its water supply; (2) to furnish adequate and safe sewerage disposal; (3) to y educe Infant and
maternal deajpkF JA) to combat | tuberculosis and syphilis; (6) to protect Its citizens against other communicable diseases; (6) to in sure healthy children; (7) to protect and safeguard its milk and other foods; (8) to promote effec Uve co-operation with Its physician « and dentists la furnishing neces-eary services to all those who net*l them; (•) to enlarge and Improve Its lay understanding of ways» an<3 use of preventing sickness and ik sad of maintaining good
They’ve Weathered Well Spies showed average to good in Norfolk County and the Georgian Bay district, but light elsewhere. Trees generally wintered well and rodent Injury to young trees was the only damage reported.
Cherries, peaches, pears plums all showed a heavy yield
to come.
Grape vines are in a healthier and hardier condition than for
some M WÊIÈÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊÉ
plantations are in excellent condition. Raspberry acreage was reduced slightly this year.
Toe Province of Sind, in India, will build 79 new roads before 1941.
It doesn’t matter what you’re thinking of buying—a bar-pin or a baby grand, a new suit for Junior or a set of dining-room furniture—the best place to start your shopping tour-is in an easy-chair, with newspaper.
The turn of a page will carry you as swiftly as the magic carpet of the Arabian Nights, from one end of the shopping district to the other. You can rely on modern advertising as a guide to good values, you can compare prices and styles, fab-finishes, just as though


V
&
7
g
an open
and
\
seasons past. Strawberry
rica and	WÊÊË
you were standing in a store.
Make a habit of reading the
advertisements in this paper
a a*
“I dida’t want a let ef glassy eyes staring at me."
every week. They can save you time, energy and money.
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Beyond Doubt the Bride Thinks of Him
WHATEVER MUST A BRI DC
7,gPT wffinSs
CHURCH
I
- hymn ;
* »» _
• •• • • a * wa
ê •
AISLE
9

€
li

5
k
i

\
c
t
Rural health conservation is|
important arobiems
one
to
62
fte example set by the varions»#^# coaaty health uaiti In the Province t 1 st Quebec will stimulate actloa ta j T maay ether parts of Canada.	I L,


iC
###PAGE###8###

Look Here
Mrs. Johnson Honoured
For Salr, Wants, Found
Lost etc.
Mrs. Leslie Dale was the hostess at a nicely arranged miscellaneous shower at her home on Tuesday afternoon of last week in honour of her sister in-law, Mrs. Chas. U Johnson, of Noranda. the former Miss Muriel Dale, of Shaw ville.
About twenty guests were pre-
b .
Hodglus, of Noian-lvirkpatriek, of
Shawville Beauty
Shoppe

PEDLAR’S
O
Stays Wood Fou Sai.k — In bundles, dry and lull'd etaves, pine limited. Place u>ur order at once. Apply to Horukn Corhiuan. at Stave Mill. Phone
88.
sent mclildin Mrs Kenneth dn, and Mrs. Win.
Ottawa
The hostess was assisted in | serving b> the Misses Nell Imisun and Enel fa Turner.
Metal Roofing
and Siding
Paintino and Whitkwahhinu— AU kinds of painting and white washing, by power machine done at reasonable ptlcee. Apply to M. Kkhok, Wyman. Phone.
>

Permanent Waves from
$1.00 to $7.60
8-9.


F )R SALE—One Tricycle for sale In rood condition. A ; ply to P.O. Box (08) ; Phone 04, Shawvllle. Que.
Barn and Stable Equipment
y
Clarke W Thomson

7
VI
The death occurred at Portage dn Fort on Saturday, June 24th, of Clarke Wallace Thomson, ol 19*2 Hinton avenue, Ottawa, lie was in hi * 47tli year.
Horn at Portage du Fuit, a sun of Bella McLean and her husband, the lute John Thomson, he gained iiis education there.
Mr. Thomson went to Ottawa 19 years ago. He was interested in athletic activities particularly baseball and hockey. He was a Christian Scientist, and was a member of the Mattawa Masonic Lodge.	j
Surviving in addition to his widow, and hi» mother, are four brothers, Daniel, of, Almonte; Kenneth, of North Bay ; Clifford, of Port Neuf, Que., and Farrell, of Flint, Mich , and two sisters, Mrs. Herbert Price, of North Hay. and Mrs Rube. Henderson, Hamilton.
A special Masonic service was held at his late residence in Ottawa on Monday evening and the tnneial service was held Tuesday. Interment was made in Beech wood cemetery.
FOR SALE—One McCormick Manure Spreader in good condition. llARVkY Prownlwl R. R. No. 2, Shaw-ville. Que. Phone <0-28.
Apply to
Finger Waves, Shampoo, - -
25 cents
ROOTING
FOR SALE-1929 Ford Truck, dump
to
one 9-29.
25 cents
and Mtake hod lew.
Elliott. R 2 Shnwvllle.
A,'K
We handle everything in these lines
Roofing- Carried in Stock
COTTAGE FOR RENT - Cottage at Sand Ray for rest during July and August. Apply to .1. A. Ai.kxandek. :K)8 Bell Street, Ottawa.
‘V
Open from
9.00 a.m. to 7.00 p.m. Tuesdays and Saturdays 9.00 a m. to 11.00 p.m.
Sbawvllle Pentecostal Assembly
DEAN BROS.
Miss Vera Klatt
Stark's Corners,
Shawville R. R. No. 2.
Quebec
Phone 9*19
A Water Rtptisnml Service will be held at the Quyon Hiver, (Harris' Bridge) un Sunday afternoon, July 2nd, at two o'clock. This will be n union service of the Pentecostal Assemblies when pastors and members from Portage do Fort, Staik’s Corners, Blstol Ridge, Caldwell and Shawville will take port.
It is exported that many new converts will fulfill this lovely
ordinance %%liidi we believe to be
in obedience to the command and example of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Additional announcements will be made and further information may be obtained at your own Assembly.
Shawville,
PHONE 66-w
Quebec
Strawberries
Property for Sale
Desirable dwelling house on Main Street, West, Shawville. Large property. For further paiticulais, apply
Phone and make arrangments to pick your own strawberries and save delivery and picking charges. Please do not bring small children incapable of picking
clean.	\	-.
Shawville Bakery
Samuel McDowell Passes After Lengthy Illness
After « lengthy illness Samuel McDowell, son of the late Mr. ami Mrs. William R. McDowell, died at his home in Shawville, on Friday, June 23rd, in his 79th year.
He was horn on the 7th concession of Clarendon and 52 years ago was united in marriage to Miss Jemuim McDowell. The deceased was well-known in Clarendon and was an esteemed and re » pec ted resident of Shawville. His kind and sympathetic manner made him many friends. He was ever mindful of God's goodness, and his heart was ever grateful for saving grace and keeping power. While a young man he became a member of the Holiness Movement Church. Almost forty years ago he entered the ministry and served acceptably on the following circuits : Lake Dore, Morin Heights. Roblin, Ramsay ville and South Mountain. In 1912 he retired from the ministry owing to failing eyesight.
Left to mourn are his wife, one daughter, Mrs. A O’Gorman, of Ottawa; two brothers, William T and Harry McDowell, of Shawville, ‘ and three grandchildren, Joan, Hilly and Gerry O'Gorman,
The funeral service was held in the Shawville Holiness Movement Church and was conducted by the Rev. R. Boston. He was assisted by Rev. A. F Fokes, of the Foiled Church, and Rev ds J. E. Cooke and T. Alexander, of the Holiness Movement Church. Mr, and Mis. W. E. N. Hod g ins sang very effectively the “Etstern Gate."
Interment was in Maple Grove cemetery, the pall-bearers being, Messrs. John R., and Dwight McDowell, W. E. N. Hodgins, Bulbe rt Armstrong, Lendon Work man and Wellington Armstrong.
to :
geo. h. McDowell,
1104 Gladstone Ave , Ottawa, Out.
GEO E PALMER,
R. 3, bhawville, Que.
Phone 22—14.
Anniversary and Wedding Cakes A Speciality
Gko. E Deans, Pastor.
*




L
I
Phone 89
field!
hwpnce
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.


0
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
ré
zr:wF'
y
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.

m.

L

WL

Rhone, 278

GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
v
1111

v. v	5 5 v 5 v v v 5

I Everything For
The Builder
Bear Shot at N Clarendon
On Sunday evening Mr. Everett L'lughren, of North Clarendon, shot a black bear. The bear was seen on the roadway by daughters of Mr. Hugh Horner, who were driving to church service. They reported to Mr. Laughren who went to investigate and met up with Mr. Bruin a short distance from where the girls had seen him, and Everett concluded his prow; lings with one shot from his trusty rifle.
Ml
lUustnled—Chevrolet Matter Deluxe Sedan with trunk.
?

It leads in acceleration .. it leads in hill-climbing and it also leads in sales!
B
# #
i
ADVANCED KNEE ACTION RIDING SYSTEM *
Frlctlonleu Coil Springs; DoubleActing Shock Absorbers; Rid# Stabilizer; Shockproof Dual Crow
Steering. (*Avoilablo on Master Deluxe moduli only.)
m
S
Estimates Given on all Types of Buildings
Sash, Doors, Molding,
Ten - Test
1
IN more ways than one, this fleet, handsome ¦ Chevrolet, the ace performer of the low-price field, is the first car of the land!
It’s first in salat, topping all other cars in public demand I It’s first In all the many things which spell vafuel It*» first in acceleration — first in hill-climbing — first In oil-round performance with economy!
And with all these things to recommend it, Chevrolet deserves to be first with you and your family, if you went to get the most for your money when you buy your new car this year. Choose the car that is first in sales and first in valu
low monthly paymonH on tho Conor®/ Motors Inttolmont Mem.




?

R


K5
a
Johnston Motors,
Delco Plants
STEERING COLUMN GEAR-SHIFT v
“Vacuum owisl" supplies 80% of shifting effort. Simple, positive design. Available on all models at only $13 extra.
R
H
R Advertise Regularly
with
R
R
I
Prompt Delivery Let us give you quotations
The merchant who says that he R i doesn't need to advertise régulai I y is confessing that lie has no new merchandise to offer consumers. New merchandise is NEWS and news interest in advertising makes for consumer interest that creates “store traffic.' It is interesting to ' note that the chief benefit from B advertising from sale of non-r advertised goods, the result of at B trading people to the stoie. Cone 8 -istent advertising has been prov R ed time and again to be the best ~ protection against a slump in sales.


R
\
\

X
\
CHEVROLET’S FAMOUS VALVE-IN-HEAD SIX
Volve-in-heod engines hove mod# oil world
water—and In the olr.
SMITH BROS.
X
N
Contractors & Builders CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
X
Phone 25
choose a new 1939 Chevrolet I
1 PERFECTED (Quadro-Act»e#>
I HYDRAULIC BRAKES
r,
5
GB
ynzizizzizi/izizizizizvizizizizizizizizizi
zi/viziziziziZ'ZizizJ/iyizizizizK
\
X
August Rose Dies	fifth concession. He was married
In His 83rd Year	again, this time to Ida Steinke, of
c .	. A D Thorne, in the year 1887, who is
On Sunday evening August Rose, left to mourn his loss, with one a well known resident ol Shaw- SOn, August, of Clarendon Town ville, parsed sway at his home at ship, and three daughters, Mrs. the east ®nd °f the village aftei a Wallace Hynes, Mrs. Harper Ren-brief illness m his 83rd year. He nick and Miss Emma Rose, of was born in Germany, and at the Shawville.
ye of five came to Canada with For more than 65 years he had his parent^ who settled in Lady been a member of the Orange smith, in the Township of Thorne Order minim?
In his twenties he was married at the time of ^°. “I1.19? Bretzlaff, of Ladysmith, * member of Knox Lodge, No 34. who died a few years later. Of under whose auspices the funeral thw mai nage there still survive was held on Tuesday afternoon one son, Fred, of Murrells. Que., from the late residence to St. and one daughter, Mrs. William p*u:', Anglican Church, where Nelligan, of Ottawa.	service was conducted by Rev. T.
Hs later moved to Clarendon B. R. None. Interment was made where he took tip farming on the jn the church cemetery.
The only low-priced car combining •‘ALL THAT'S BEST AT LOWEST COST!"
Maxi
effect
!T,
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
podol preOVre

A
driver's left.
c-im
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations


at Charter!#, and his death he was
John L. Horigins
1
Quebec
Shawville

SHAWVILLE - QUE
BUY FROM A BUSINESS LEADER ... YOUR CHEVROLET DEALER

1

« - /

