###PAGE###1###
No 23, 57th Ye‡b
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:,
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 23. 1939
$1.50 per annum in Advance 2.00 to the United Statee
i
Rev. J H. Dixon Named As Dean of Montreal
PERSONAL MENTION
GEORGES CARON IgOWLING
BUSINESS % COLLEGE
Comer Bank and Somerset Streets
ª. A
Advocate, Barrister
At CempbeT* Bay Friday, Saturday and Monday
m. c. l
¶Me. KniÍst Eudes.
Rev, John Harkness Dixon	tk* week end with friendÆ
Toronto and formerly of Ottawa, Iln town<
´axitfat!ª',ª:	Hull.
SÓiœTTuíw'S ŒSKÔtfK ! yr "ëd"ô j. Wi-fn,.
ïitiSiro ,v by Bishop Arthur Carlisle.
f Ottawa
Shawvill© Hardware
Barn Equipment
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school htv removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and mo*t modern in Ontario. Attend a school with
reputation. Open all year
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
Mr, Kddie Jones, of Blue River
of tsiRce Church on the Hill, To ron to
District ï i PrntUc
Mr mill Mis. VV. U Brown mid SHAWVILLE - QUE
family have returned to Porcupine,1	^
Out., after a two weeksí visit with relatives at Campbellís Bay.
an established
Stable Brooms,
Stable Shovels,
Ensilage Forks Manure Forks,
Straw Forks,
Cow Chains,
Chain Slides,
Curry Combs, Horse Blankets.
Calumet Island Girl Has Foot Badly Damaged

EVELYN M. PALMER, L.D.C.M.
ª. i. cewuiic,
President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
Misses Audrey Fulfnrd. Lucille.T .	Ñ	,
Brough and Shirley Hods, spent |Teaeher ßf *aneí Th^*!f *"* Harmony the week-end at their res fictive homes in town and vicinity.
Mins Blanche Secord, 18. of Calumet Inland, was admitted to Shaw ville Community Hospital on
Saturday evening suffering with Mr Norris Brough, of St. Lim ¶ badly mangled toot by a charge bert, Que., visited at the home of of shot from a 12 guage shotgun his parents. Mr. and Mrs. A. (i.
fired by her little three year old Brough, for the week end, brother.
She is under the car of Dr. S. K
1 wish to inform the public that I will be at Mrs. Lindsay Armstrong's residence, Main Street, Shaw ville, on Tuesday of each week.
>
JAMES A. MILLAR
B A.Ñ IL.Lt,
ADVOCATE, AMU111 F. ttc
1*29 Main St.,
¿tPontiacHouse, Skiwvillt, every Wednesday afternoon.
At Moyleís Hotel, Campbellís Bay, every Wednesday morning.
Phone 21ó14
Hull,Que*
Miss Nobel Boden. of Ottawa. McDowell. One of the toes on her i was a week end guest of Mrs J. foot was severed, and two others H. Bryden, of Guelph, at the home are so badly torn they may have I of her father, Mr. G. A. Howard, to be amputated.	Ñ x ^ ...	_
The accident occurred as the!. Vri*! (Rev.) C. W.P. Baugh, of family were sitting eating their Ltketield, Que., visited her tela-noon day meal. Mr. and Mrs. £lveVn town and district for a Secord, with Blanche and another Idays during the past week, daughter were seated	the tab le. ¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶
The young eon was playing on the floor of the room.
Unnoticed bv any of the others, the lad took the gun from where it was leaninjtÎagainst the wall.
He nmimgt-il to obtain a -bell from I Mr. and Mrs. A U. Brougli, aril window ledge in tde room. He com,mined by Mi-s Irene tilmw then loadÎd and fired the.-gnn as it and Mrs. L. B. Caldwell, are visit-was lying on the floor, pointing ;Ñg relative- and friends in Toron-towards the feet of the assembled to and district this week, family.
The charge first struck Blanche,	"ó	---
seriously hurt, and after removal of the pellets by a physician able to use her limbs.
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE.
PUyTfAU 636 6
EARL AND 0. ROWAT
Messrs. Beverley Howard, of Macdonald College ; Rea and Dean Howard, of Ottawa, were weekend guests at the home of their father. Mr. (*. A. Howard.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGU jUniversity
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
In theG.F.IIodgios Buildi Main Street, Que.
DR. WALLACE J. W, HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Okfio
BELAI* 3 267
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc,
Office : Campbell s Bay, (jit "In Lawn Block)
DIED
FOOTWEAR
Laughren ó At heu late home, ____	North Clarendon. Que., on Mon*
John MvCorrinton, well-known INovember 2|>, 1WI>, Williimina
fanner, died at Cornwall General H04??1?*' beloved wife of the late
Hospital on Saturday afternoon,	Laughren. in her tkitli y eat*.
Nov. 18th. He entered the hospi- The funeral took place from the
late home on Wednesday after
noon for service at Norman United
Church and cemetery.
Clarendon Dies in Cornwall
was
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A, LL.B , C.L.
Advocate, Barrister etc.
Rod Cross Society Organised
ta I ten days ago. stricken with paralysis
iraiysis	rjhat time he
Womenís Institutes. Church enjoyed splendid health.
Societies and Council Hoards of Born in Clarendon township, 72 this district were well represented years ago, June 12 last, he) was a at u meeting in the Theatre	hall	son of Moses McCorrieton and his	H I
on Friday afternoon for the	pur-	wife, Eliza Smith. He	moved	V OUNGóChamberlin
pose of organizing Red Cross work, f1*0ô Quyon to Farran s Point and At the home of Mr. and Mrs. 1).
Mayor G. G. McDowell, of Shaw- had lived there since his retire- A. Rusborongb, (11 Muriel Street, ville presided with Rev. A. F. nient.	'	Ottawa, on Saturday afternoon at
Pokes acting as Secretary.	j Besides his wife, ne leaves six half-past two oíclock, the marriage
The guest speakers were Col. G. *onsand six daughters, William J., of Miss Bertha Belle Chamberlin,
L. Jennings, Mrs Norman Senior Cornwall ; Lloyd, ParmiíÆ Point ; daughter of Mr. and Mrs. G. C. and Mrs. Harold Millar, of Ottawa. Clifford and Mrs. Gordon Harden, Chamberlin, of Pol timorÈ, Que,, to
Jennings outlined the South Porcupine ; Melvin. Portage Mr. Gilbert Lloyd Young, son of method of organization and the	du Fort, Que.;	HillÔª,	Stewart,	B.	Mrs. Edna Young, of Maryland,
aims of the society ; Mrs. Senior	U.; George,	Vancouver ; Mrs.	Stan*	Que., and the late Corporal W. J.
gave a demonstration of knitting Walsh, Quyon; Mrs. Percy G. Young, of Renfrew. Ont, was and sewing garments for hospital Burden, Beach Grove, !Que.; Mrs. solemnized by Rev. W. R. Alp. use and Mrs. Millar lectured on	Archie La fleur andJlMrs.	James	Bronze, yellow and	chrysa	nthe-
home nursing,	Wright. Cobden.Ont.: Mrs.	R H.	mums and tall white	tapers	were
R. W. Hudgins, of Shawville ; Murdock, Franklin, Man.	used to decorate the mantel before
Nelson McLellnn, mayor of Bristol, He also leaves a sister, Mrs. G. I which the marriage took place, and Fred Schwartz, of uadysmith, 8. Aram, Quyon, Que.	The bi ide|wa´ attended by her
also addressed the meeting, and	sister, Mies Catherine Chamberlin,
it was decided that the new Red	--of Poltimore. Sergeant Robert | iso MAIN STREET
Cross society should include the	*	Aiinstrong, of the Cameron Higlv
village of Shawville and the Town- Basil Hobln Killed in	landers, was best man.
ships of Clarendon, Thorne> Bris- Construction Work	A street length frock of |Mui inn
tol and Lower Leitchfield.	aª	v*r	blue crepe was worn by the bride	_	_
The election of officers for the ** isoeepcrs, ay.	I Her bat and accessories were on a | every * uesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p m
coming year was : President, R. P.	Burgundy tone, and she also wore
Fades, of Shawville ; first vice- Many relatives and friends of la corsage bouquet of^Johauna Hill president, R. W. Horigins, Shaw- this district were shocked to learn I roses.
ville, second vice-president, Mrs of the death of Basil Hobin, eldest Miss Catherine Chamberlin wore G. G. McDowell ; secretary, Rev. son of Mr. Thomas Hobin and the a street-length frock of smoke blue I T. E. R. Nurse ; treasurer, Rev. A | late Mrs. Hobin, of Shawville, as crepe, with a navy hat and accËs* |
Wmm W  t t   B W    » MI the result of an accident in oon- sortes. Her shoulder bouqu *t a am Thtibexecutive was to include the strnction work at Rock port, KyÑ of bronze and yellow baby clny-m ay or of Shawville and the on Friday, Nov. 17th.	santhemuns.
mayors of the co operating town- Born 35 years ago in North Clar- A receptioh was held following ships, the delegates appointed by endon, he received most of his I the ceremony and later the bridal the several units and four elected	education in Ottawa Schools.	At	party drove to	the home of the
at large from each towuship. The	the a^e of	19 years he went	to	brideís parents	at Poltimore f or
Shawville members of this execu Detroit, and since that time had the wedding dinner. Mr. and Mrs. live are Mrs. C. H. MacLean, W. spent the greater part of his life Young will reside in Ottawa
A. Horigins, Mrs. R. G. Horigins in the United States.	F	_______
In 1930 be married Betty Ed-	CooneyóPaquettr
mondston, of Detroit, who sur-1 A wedding of much interest to vives, with his father ; two daugh- the people of Quyon and district Mother of Late Father Murray	tors. Joan	and ,Betty Jean,	of	was solemnized	at Our Lady of
Dieª at Pembroke	Rock port ;	two sisters, Mrs.	A.	Perpetual Help Church. Sudbury,
Harnett and Miss Myrtle Hobin, on Saturday, Nov. 11th, when A member of one of Pembrokeís I both of Shawville ; three brothers, Mary Paquette, daughter of Mr. best-known families, Mrs. William Cyril. <>i H ï< kport, and Oleinence and Mrs. Henry Paquette. Otta-Murray, died Sunday, Nav. 12th, and Ray, both of Shawville.	wa, was united in marriage to Mr.
in the Pembroke General Hospital Mr Hobin was well-known in Orval Cooney, of Sudbury, son of She had been in ailing health for this district through his frequent Mr and Mrs. John Cooney, Quyon. the past three yËars and was in visits home, and his death will be R*v. James McCann officiated her e2nd year, ,	keenly regretted by a host of - The bride was charming in a
Widow of a former M. P, for friends.	navy blue and white street length
North Renfrew, Mrs. Murray was The remains arrived in Ottawa dress, and a navy turban with born in Pembroke, March 28th, Saturday night.by train and were shoulder length veil. Her corsage 1858, and lived there all her life: thence conveyed by motor hearse was pink roses and lily of the She was the former Elizabeth to the home of the deceased's valley. She was attended by Miss Louis 0íMeara,daughter of the late sister, Mrs. Amey Barnett, Lang Rennie Grace, Chapeau, as brides Michael OíMeara and the former Street. Shawville, from where the maid- Mr. Robert OíReilly, of Caroline White. Married May funeral was held on Tuesday after- Sudbury, was best ___
11th, 1888, her husband predeceas- noon to Shawville United Churc h. The bridesmaid chose an en ed her July 5th, 1898. Two sons, Service was conducted by the semble of light green, with match Joseph L Murray, of Renfrew, R^v. S. 8, Lindsay, of Foresterís inur accessories. Her corsage was and Captain Rev W. L, Murray, Italie, Ont,, who was assied by of Tea roses.
former parish priest at Campbellís | Rev. A. F. Pokes, pastor of the An Informal reception was held Bay, al´o predeceased her	Church, Rev. J- P. Pring, pastor later, after which the young
In hei younger years, she was of Shawville Standard Church, couple Iª*ft on a short motor trip, very active in the work of St. and Rev. Gerald Burtch, pastor of j They will reside in Sudbury
Columhaís Cathedral and made North Clarendon Standard!-------------------------------------
many friends through her quiet, Church.
charitable nature.	Interment was made m Mi pie 1	on Do-voon
Surviving are two daughters, Grove cemetery, the pall bearers RUgllCaii D&Zaar 8lstrr Mary Ignatfu-, and Mrs. M being Meª*re. Everett and James
JwSUSSVJ aiÔSœœÔt o.∞ 12ZZI´S5S ª*!´;? Friday, December 1st
t*ª*.ªud Mm. J. L Murphy, of The esteem in whk-h the iWª-- ^|e Qf Fancy Work. Fish Quebec,	, 3	ed was held and the sympathy	^
The funeral was held from the felt for the bereaved wa´ manifest Pond. Afte noon Tea, Three
I inX-Sl C& Ac. PUy c.m..Ñd b,ôg
drill, os Tuesday morning	floral tributª* received,	your mendª.
Extremely Smart
M u.< Street
Hull, Que:
Phone, Slier. 1354
MARRIED
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e:sry Friday evening.
n
These new Russian-Type Snow Boots in velvet with wide cuff of sheared fur and a (concealed) zipper down j the side. LadiesóSee these || new overshoes at	l!

I
i
DOtNAT Le GUERRIER
B. A , LL. BÑ
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
ïto-STieeo
h
'
939
Col

Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
$3.50
WIUING
HIDE*
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
;
PHONE, 2-2219
Ladiesí Motor Boots
HULL. QUEBEC
\t Proud footís Hotel, Campbellíª Bay
Ladiesí regular styled Motor Boots, black or brown, well furred velvet boots in four
All sizes, but quantity
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every
Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m
!
sizes of heels, limited at these prices.
D. J. CAMPBELL

F. Fokes
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
$2.25
i
Phone ï 1.

Dr. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Mensí Overshoes
Graduate of McGil University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
, Phone 19
At Campbell s Bay from Friday nigh to Monday nigh of each week.

and Miss Irene Shaw
1
!
I
.
Mensí Two Buckle Overshoes, well-lined, warm and durable
I

7 >
I
h

$2.00
K. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat Specialii
MEDICAL ANTS BUILDING

OTTAWA. - ONT
MMIf, ió7961
Mens' and Boysí Gum Rubbers, Felt Insoles, Gum Rubber Bottoms,
an
Leather Laces.
Gordon T, Paul INSURA .ut
All prices subject to change without notice
/
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Stron s
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations .
in
! W. fl. Hodgins, Lt d
Shawville
Quebec
SHAWVILLE - QUE


###PAGE###2###

King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Pay Visit to South Africa House
/
How Can I ?
ìWORTH COMING DOWN FOR/î
t

ï V ANNE ASM! EV


Talk ´bout ï	ceol imekel
You cent b´´t IrejreM Di*i´ Plu* ó.ïnet you cut lick pipeful [lllJb
Q._How can I mix i good skin tonic T
A.óMix ft pint alcohol, 2 ox. spirits of camphor, 2 ox. spirits of ammonia, 6 ox. sea salt. Add enough boiling water to make 1 quart. Put into a bottle and shake until the salt is dissolved. Always shakt well before using. Rub with this tonic after the bath. It greatly aids in banishing fatigue.
Q.óHow can I clear water that has a milky appearance?
A.óIt can be quickly cleared by dissolving a small piece of rock alum in a pint of boiling water and using this much to a tub of water.
Q.óHow can I prevent the inside of the silver-plated lids of my mustard and horseradish pots from turning green?
A.óCoat thorn with a thin layer of paraffin.
Q.óHow can I prepare a soup that isn't too greasy?
A.óIf a large lettuce leaf ia put into the soup, it will insure a greaseless soup. Put in the leaf when about ready to be taken from the stove, and remove it before you serve. You will And that nearly all the excess grease will collect on the lettuce leaf.
Q.óHow can I make putty?
A.óMix linseed oil with sifted whiting to the proper consistency.
wmKM

X*
m
v ´
. j


ª
4

wh
t it
v

i
4
*
>

?
i
ª
1
#
´

PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO
tV

One of Most Valuable Resources
"The forestry wealth of Canada ranks among the lost valuable of all our natural resources.* Mr. Mao-kensle King said. "The effective conservation of this forest wealth has long been a matter of public policy. Now, more than ever before, It should equally be a matter of public pride.
Prior to the Nazi regime there were several Boy Scout organisa-tiont in Germany. With the advent of Hitler all were suppressed, and the'fcnly youth movement permitted was the Hitler Jugend, the junior branch of the Nasi party, and entirely political and militaristic in character.
One of the teachers in a Rouyn school recently urged all the boys of her classes to become Boy Scouts or Wolf Cubs, stating that a good majorkj of her top-ranking pupils were members either of the Rouyn Wolf Cub Pack or Boy Scout Troop.
All Can Contribute
ìClearly, It Is our duty to ae# that our forest slopes are not rashly denuded, or carelessly desrtoyei by fire, and that depleted areas
are replanted.
ìThe safeguarding of forest ra>
sources,4 adequate
needs
which all can contribute."
A smile familiar to hundreds of thousands of Canadians is that of Her Majesty, the Queen, seen here with t s King as they paid a visit to South Africa House in London. On the same round of visits they also stoppsa at New Zealand House and Canada House. Both the King and Queen have been active in taking a personal interest in the empire's war measures since the outbreak of hostilities.
the country's
towards ï
is the service
Saving Timber Patriotic Duty
Premier King Pleads For Safeguarding Forests of Domin-
SCOUTING
Canadian National Railway Revenues
Modern
Etiquette
m^i
What Science
Five hundred boys trained under him in Scouting was the number credited to Scoutmaster C. F# Kempton, of the 1st Moose Jaw, Sask., Boy Scout Troop, at a farewell banquet prior to his departure from the city. His accomplishments included the building and paying for all material of a fine large troop headquarters by the boys and leaders and members of Group Committee and Ladies' Auxiliary, and the operation at Christmas for many years of a Scout Toy Repair Shop that carried Christmas happiness to many prairie kiddies.
Demonstrations of bandaging for fractures, the carrying of unconscious persons and other first aid work were given by Boy Scouts of the 1st St. Maryís Troop before the local Womenís Institute.
The gross revenues of the all-inclusive Canadian National Railways System for the 10-day period ending October 31, 1939, were $6,852,075 as compared with $6,522,880 for the corresponding period of 1938, an increase of $329,195 or 5.05%.
ion
BY ROBERTA LEE
IS
4
¶rssHi
¶K
´
Safeguarding of forest resources becomes In time of war "a form of patriotism which no nation or pea pie can afford to neglect,î Prime Minister King has said In a statement made through the Canadian Forestry Association.
Doing
1.	óWhen a young man meets a girl who lives in another city, and would like to further the acquaintance by correspondence, may he ask her to write to him?
2.	óWhen a hostess asks a guest to take another helping of some dish, isn't it all right to say, ìI couldn't possibly eat another
bite"?
3.	óIsn't it poor taste to speak frequently of the cost of various things, clothes, food, etc.?
4.	óWhen a woman invites another woman for luncheon in a public place, who should give the order?
5.	óIsn't it nice for a person engaged in any kind of sport or game to praise his opponent when the latter makes an exceptionally good play?
6.	óIs a woman's second wedding as elaborate as her first?
Answers
1.óYes, if he is conceited enough to think she will embrace such a wonderful opportunity. Otherwise, he can tell her that he would like to write to her, and if he possesses the least intuition he tell whether or not she seems pleased with the idea. 2 Merely say, "No, thank you." Such expressions as "I am already too full," or "I feel as though I would never want to eat again," not good form. 3.óYes; it is very poor taste to do so. 4.ó The guest should give her order to her hostess and the latter gives both orders to the waiter. This same rule applies when a girl is dining with a man. 5.óYes. ¿ good sportsman will be quick to do so, and it is a sure way to become popular. 6.óNo. The specific arrangements vary according to the age of the bride and the attitude of family and friends toward the second marriage.	ï
ft
ft

HELPS TRANSPLANT ORGANS
f

It has now been found that the drug heparin by keeping blood fluid and preventing clots, has made possible an operation involving the cutting away of a section of artery, and substituting in the gap a section of veinóan operation which previously had been dangerous because of blood clots.
ó*> \
ÔwNEW
General Gamelin, the supreme n ilitary commander of the French forces, is only five feet four inches in height. In his forty-five years of military service, he has done duty on four continents.
i
Coleman
THE SP
I
RADIANT HEATER
'KUfiwiW
ïIt YOUR DIALER * writs ª ¶
THE COLEMAN LAMP A STOVE CO. LTD.
DepL W0409, TORONTO, ONT.
(940ª)
Moreover, the effectiveness of the substance now establishes "the tremendous possibility" of transplanting organs from one part of an animal's body to another for physiological study.
o
gUCKJLEY g
Have You Heard
0
Classified Advertisments
IMPROVES ADDISON'S DISEASE
Striking evidence that a new synthetic hormone causes remarkable improvement in persons having Addisonís Disease, a disorder of the adrenal gland, usually fatal, is reported.
Hope of finding an effective treatment for the adrenal insufficiency was aroused when research workers isolated crystalline substances from the adrenal gland and then, about two years ago, made the synthetic product. It has the chemical name "esters of des-oxycorticosterone."
Hitler died, and went below. Satan answered his knock, told him to wait a minute, went away, and returned with a box of matches and a bundle of firewood.
He gave both to Hitler, with the remark: "Listen, Adolf, there's a limit to what even we can stand. Take these and start a Hell of your own."
Teacher: "What makes you so late this moroiag?" Pupil: "You see, air, there are im our family." Teach-
"Wslir Pupil: "And the
alarm was set for eight.î
A recruit wearing size 14 shoes enlisted in the army. One day the officer missed him.
Officer: "Has anyone seen that recruit?"
Voice from Rear: ëëYes, sir, he has gone to the cross-roads to turn around."
STOMACH THOLBLK
HA HUY AHI'LÀ TRICES
At* 10VI S WA.NTKU
CORRECTIVE
_ _ STOMACH gives prompt relief and comfort to sufferers from Acid Indlgeatloa, Heartburn. Gastritis. Sour Stomach. etc. A trial will convince you. Twelve ounce package $1.60 postpaid direct from the menufact er. H. J. Woodley. PO. Box #04. Vancouver, B.C.
B-C-M
HARDY APPLE TREES ó 60 CT8. each. Canadaís Lowest Priced Nursery, growing leading varieties Fruit Trees Ornamentals. Write Immediately requesting sensational offerings Tobeía Treery, Nla-gara-on-the-Lake, Ontario.
MEN AND WOMEN! NEW 1NVEN-tlon sells like wild fire:	Start
business of your own In spare time. Send stamp to Economy Distributing Company, Learning-ton Ontario.
can
No
HERE IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY! Sell Special Chrlstip&s Club offers to popular Canadian and American Magazines as local represen-Pleasant, Interesting, protoday. Canadian
MACHINERY
WATCH REPAIRS
WADE PORTABLE DRAG SAWSó Delta woodworking tools ó elecBelting and shop supplies of every description. The A. R. Williams Machinery Co- Ltd.. 64 Front St. W., Toronto.
are
tatlve.
fltable. Write Periodicals, 215 Grace SL, Toronto, Ont.
WATCH MS GLEANED OR MAIN* spring, 76 cent#, other work U necessary at reasonable price*. Kllngíe Jewellery, 401 Tonge SL, Toronto.____________________________
trie motors
er:
ARTICLES FOR SALE
MACHINERY FOR SALE
21 CHRISTMAS CARDS, STICKERS and Tags, 80c. 35 Blades. Safety Razor and style tic pencil, 76c. Postpaid. Moneyback Guaranteed. Heed Sales Regíd. Box P.O. 318, Montreal. Quebec.
I'SRO TIRES FOR SALE
17 BALL BEARING DOUBLE HEAD grain grinder, 1927 White 24 H P. Steam traction engine ó C. A. Holgate, Cannlfton, Ontario.
GOOD USED friRES, ALL 812KP. Lowest prices. Inquiries Invited Brockton Tire, 1611 Dund&i. We#*, Toronto.
No Need To
ARE IOC IN MISERY f
OilUKAL
RUB
LYONS
Trade In Store
478 YONGE ST. TORONTO
A NSW
WHITE OINTMENT
quick relief from Irritating Piles. Highly recommended. Money buck If not satisfactory. 75 cents a Jar. White Manufacturing Company, Box 164, Toronto. Ontario.____
HIGH BLOOD PRESSUREóWRITE for free booklet and full particu. lara regarding our amaiingiy successful hy blood treatment
Saskatoon.
AND
Pedigreed Products Saak.
Huge Bull Elk
Sent Back Home
Then there was the atlas publisher who pulled a boner hie map of Europe and waited for it to come true.
SCRUB
UMOKS
NOVEMBER SPECIALS
OFFER TO INVENTOR*
in
v ART. UNUSUAL BOOKS; SEND A dime for catalogue (refund first order). Roddy's. 265A long# StÑ Toronto.
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full infor-tlon sent free. The Hamaay Co. Registered, Patent Attorneys, 27? Bank Street Ottawa, Canada.
1 K An 8 piece solid oak dining IO rvolI1 suite, buffet, table and ï leather seat chaire.
9 piece solid oak dining suite, perfect condition, buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
Beautiful 9 piece dining suite. In two-tone walnut finish, buffet, table, china cabinet and 6 leather seat chairs, (cost new approximately 1196.).	. Ñ
Smart | piece brown mohair cheeteifield suite, thoroug ly clean, reversible Marshall eprii cushions.
1
Students of Collingwood Collegiate are talking about a great new line p(linger who wasn't eligible for their football team. The high school boys turned out recently to assist Provincial Constable . A. Rowe in the capture ª of a huge bull elk, roaming in the : district. The students formed a \ horseshoe barrier, but several times the elk lowered his antlers . and plunged through. Finally, the youths held the line and the elk was captured.
Later, when he was being tied f and loaded aboard a truck for shipment back to the Bruce pen-iasula game preserve, 100 miles northwest, he attacked Rowe, tossed him from the truck with his antlers. The constable received only slight injuries. ª
A theatre in a small American town had a burglar alarm fitted in the box office. You just had to press a pedal on the floor, and a bell rang at police headquarters.
Two days after it was installed, a gangster through the box office window, and demanded the cash. The girl pressed her foot on the pedal, stalled a bit, then began to hand over the money.
At this point the 'phone rang. The gangster grabbed the receiv-
"What is it?" he asked.
"This is the police station, dam you," said an angry voice. "Say, do you know you've got your foot on the pedal and we can't hear ourselves talk because of that blooming alarm bell !"
45.00
CLOTHING AND FURNITURE
PERSONAL
WE GUARANTEE 100 PER CENT, fit and satisfaction In latest style clothing (slightly used). Gentlemen# suits or ^overcoats, regular to .160.00, speciaf $6.00 to $12.00. ¶Ladies' Winter Coats, $4.00 to $f Postpaid
colours, style. Send money-order. Also write for bargain price lists of reconditioned used Ruskln & Company.
Ontario.	____
69.00
Use a solution* of Gillettís Pure Flake Lye to take the grease off pots and pans. Use it to keep clogged drains running freely. It cuts through heavy dirt of any kind . . . just washes it ïway!	>
ïNever dissolve lye in hot water. The
action of the lye itself
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY,
Home remedy. Guaranteed. Advice
inexpensively Testimonials. free. Bartlett's. Box 1, Winnipeg
poked his gun
12.50
State measurements,
THOMAS' Rheumatism Remedy permanently removes rheumatic poisons. Medically endorsed its quick sc-tlon le positive. Generous half, month'# treatment $2.00 prepaid. Satisfactory or money back. Literature, Testimonials, free. Thom as" Rheumatism Remedy, 21 Yale St., N., London, Ontario. _______
STOP RHEUMATISM
%
furniture
Peterboro
Brown repp chesterfield and
match. Figured spring cushion*
7.50 chair to
reversible Marshall reconditioned.
Lovely blue velour cheater-Z J.JU Held suite, S pieces, completely reconditioned.
1C ru-\ Beautiful large brown silk *tJ.UU mohair chesterfield suite, (cost new $126.). in perfect condition. Reversible Marshall spring cushions, full webb construction.
4 ft Large walnut finish dresser lO.UUw|th Simmons walnut finish bed, complete with sagless spring
educational
STUDENTS NOW ENROLLING FOR Courses In Matriculation, Short Journalism. Advertising.
Story.
Shorthand and Speech Culture. ï Make use of your spare time. Write today. Canadian Correspondence College (established 1902), 229 Yonge Hi.. T
er
KAMBITS FOR HALE
RABBITS. ANGORAS
CH1NCHIL-las, Flemish, New Zealandª, Silver "ox, bred from Canada's finest. Won 72 primes at Ottawa. State your requirement#. Guy D. Martin, m Slater St.. Ottawa. Ont.

oronto.
RLECTklb SHAVER $1J6
Modern bedroom suite . ks two-tone walnut Venetian minors chiffonier and dresser.
AO nn Complete modern ^fV.UU suite, dresser, with Venetian mirror, chiffonier, full sise bed. saglese spring and new matt Completely reftniehed.
CC Lrvfl bedroom suite. With
J J.UU maple overlay dresse fouler, vanity, fell sise bed, prinK and new mattress, co ly refinished.
Large assortment	_ ,	.
stoves, kitchen cabinets, breakfast suites, dressers, beds, bookcase*
rugs, at ridiculously low prices. All merchandise completely rocondltl ed, guaranteed thoroughly clean, and sold with our money back guarantee of satisfaction.
THIS IS THE NEW ELECTRIC ïhaver youíve read about, that ¶having so very, very easy Just plug It in and run the shaver over your face. Thatís all ó ¶oap, water, brush or blades. We suggest you try 1L Over a million were sold I set year. Original price $10. Guaranteed one year. Postpaid. Agente wanted. Bell Sales Co., 10 Gatehouse Bldg., Montreal, Quebec.	_______.________
39.00
´
finish.
RADIO SUPPLY, REPAIES
full site bed.
wm
BOOSTER FOR BATTERIES AND Electric Radio. Improve reception 200 per cent, increase power 1*009 per cent., helps eliminate interfering stations. Reduce batteries' consumption. Satisfaction Ñ guaranteed. $1.00 postpaid. Sweeney Radio Booster. Highgate Saskatchewan.
8
no
I
n, you
e, my
a long time without buying
I
What do you want 7î
t
anoth
i
mpÔete-
9
FARM FOR SALE
reconditioned
SEWING MACHINES ´ SUPPLIES
PRODUCTIVE
NINETY ACRES clay loam adjoining buildingª, spring
thousand cash, balance 4 per cenL William Pearce, Exeter. __________
PARTS AND REPAIRS. ANY make, write for prices on new er recendttloned machines. SO years experience ó A Gilbert, 24$ Yonge IMtreet. Toronto.
71ª
wate
^ScrakhincBi u
sms ï
¶ LÑ
*
i nil MI.K
LYONS FURNITURE CO. Trade In Department
478 YONGE ST. TORONTO
SKATING OUTFITS
by
l.J
MACHINES. WALK-IN Frick York and
store
SUClNtiMJHl itIfrfgertitefw,
Keivlnator Ice nit fas. scales, counters and Lawn dry equipment. Mr l^each. A ilk P Food Stores. 125 Laughton Ave. Toronto. Ontario.
k
SKATING O‹TFIT8. used. 11.76, $2 26. $i.
SLIGHTLY 66. New high
quality, $2.11, $1.16. $4.26, plus 26c postage. Peerless, 111 Dun das W
s
nanchtn

A
luue No. 46 ó *39
###PAGE###3###
/
German U-Boat Crew Enjoys Meal On Deck
France's French population Is
38.600.000,	compared with 37,600,000 in 1861, a gain of only
1.000.	000 in 78 years.
Feeding For
NEWS
VOICE
of the
PRESS
Winter Eggs
% *
r
*
PARADE

Aik fa bee hive
It It common practice with most successful pool try mo n to feed a good commercial laying mash In conjunction with grains. One cannot go wrong when feeding for winter eggs if one sees that the laying maah bra in good proportions all the elements necessary for egg production, then keeps It In plenty before the fowls In shallow troughs so that they may feed at will. Plenty of hopper or trough space should be provided at all times ó about four Inches for each bird.


ìAfter you, Adolf!", ìAfter you, Neville, Edouard !" The chiefs ef Europeís warring powers were still doing the Alphonse-Gas ton set in the ninth week of conflict. Neither side wanted to drop the tot bomb and inaugurate a rain ef terror from the air on civilian centres. So the war, as pictured bs prophetic horror etorlee these many years past, had not yet be-

0
ONTARIO-QUEBEC AXIS?
Well, one thing is certain. That election in Quebec has placed a fearful strain on the Ontario-Que-bec axis which operated so merrily for a number of months. óPeterborough Examiner.
*
ï I
m
V
&
$


NO MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS?
London, Ont., will hold ï plebiscite on the holding of municipal elections in war-time. If all municipalities do this, itís going to prove a bit embarrassing to the provincial authorities.óSt Thomas Timee-Joumal.
gun.
4
Clean Grain Twice A Day
Nevertheless everybody knew that Hitler had to attack sometime er accept alow strangulation from the Allied blockade. Would Me grand offensive begin with an ult on the Maginot Line? with a drive through Belgium? with mass air attacks on British and French cities'? or a smash through the Netherlands? Develop, menu along the diplomatic front seemed to indicate that if Germanyís bug push were scheduled for this autumn, it would come through Hollandóthe easiest land operation, and perhaps the most profitable, yielding submarine bases and airplane bases for heavy raids or England.
Clean grain should be given
a light feed at the
tjrice a day morning feeding and all the birds will clean up at evening, just before they go to roost. Green feeds in some form are necessary and should be made a part of the dally ration. They may be Incorporated In the laying ma alfalfa leaf meal, or clover or soybean leaf meal, or they may be supplied by feeding turnips or legume hay, av'h as alfalfa, soybean, or clover.


ª
HAY, GRAIN RESERVES In district* where feed la abundant farmers need not worry if they have to hold over a stack of hay or a few bushels of grain. Reserves of this kind are often needed the following year.óFarmerís Advocate.
In the form of
ª.

9
See that the fowls get plenty of clean drinking water along with their feeds.

BICYCLES AND LIGHTS
We again call attention to section 9, sub-section 6 of the Highway Traffic Act, which requires that whenever on the highway between dusk and dawn, a bicycle must carry on the front a white er "amber light, and on the rear a red lamp or reflector approved by the department as well aa a white surface at the rear not leas than 10 inches in length and two inches In width.óGuelph Mercury.
profitable~turnips
Turnips are not always given a very warm reception when they appear on Canadian tables but in parts of the United States the same turnips are frequently prised aa a delicacy. The Chicago market thinks so much of them, indeed, that whereas in 1984 Canada shipped there only ten carloads of turnips, these grew to 477 carloads in 1988, and Canadian turnips also fill 87 per cent, ef Bostonís requirements.óBrock-ville Recorder and Times.
%
Worldís Largest Tire Carries 20 Tons
This scene, passed by the German censor, is unusual because it gives for the first time since the beginning of the war a view of a flotilla of German U-boata in an unnamed naval Base. In the foreground the crew of an undersea boat, just returned from a tour of duty at sea, are enjoying the luxury of a meal on the beck of their boat. In the background are at least seven of the undersea craft riding their moorings.
The week brought news of the first British soldier killed in action on the Western Front (William Roper, 28, of Dewsbury, Yorkshire) ; of the massing of 18 German division, on the Netherlands border, from Emden down U Munster; of the Allied pursuit aver several seas of the German pocket battleship Deutschland (which captured the City of Flint) and Admiral Scheer; of air engagements between French and German planes.
Most liatened-to speeches of the week were made by Premier-Foreign Minister Molotov of the Soviet Union who told the world that Russia would not fight on the aide ef Germany ; neither on the side a the Allies whom he accused of seeking new excuses for continuing the war. Premier Mussolini, head of another neutral nation, ïpoke more vaguely laying that Italy is preparing for the future and will ìstrengthen her will and forces for tomorrow.î Were there threats behind those words ?
In north-eastern Europe Fin-slab-Russian negotiations continued to hold the diplomatic spotlight. The-possibility was strong that differences would be settled by Finland agreeing to accept a strip of Russian territory in return for aiding Russia to improve Leningradís defensive positions. In southeastern Europe new combinations of "Balkan powers, with Russia, Turkey, or Italy as sponsor, were looked for to stop German expansion in that direction. The Mediterranean, a quiet spot since the war started, was expected at aLy moment to become a No.
1 trouble zone.



Of a batch of a dozen carp he netted in an abandoned clay-pit, reports the fish expert, all except two underwent a chameleon-like change in two seasons. Some at the start were the usual greenieh-hlack coldur, six were either gold or black and gold, while one was all silver. After a few months two of the black-and-gold ones began to change to silver. Others took on a straw tint. But when the specialist bred from some of these older fish, some of the youngsters were golden-red. It all adds up to a pretty fishy rainbow, donít you think?
Hereís Hew For You Lucky Once
Scrub the plucked and drawn ducks well in salted water. Stuff with sliced onions and apples and place strips of salt pork or bacon over the top. Roast at 400 degrees Fahrenheit, allowing twenty minutes for each pound and basting frequently with fat in pan. Surplus fat may be poured off and orange juice added for basting, giving an excellent flavour. The stuffing is not served, being used only to provide flavour and moisture. Place on hot platter and garnish with orange sections and parsley. Wild rice is always a delicious accompaniment. Of course, this recipe can be saved until next year when we hope you get your share.

ª
NTARIO
UTDOORS
By VIC BAKER
THEY DO CHANGE COLOUR Observing that goldfish nut only go to college these days but also change colour, a well-known specialist in this country has studied recently the rainbow complex of the carpóthat most abundant of all fish species.






M1CKIE SAYSó





British dog owners with ìwar
EXTRA! EXTRA II
1W HOME TOM PAPER! NO AdUROERf! NO CRIME! NO SCANOAU JUST# AlL-tH1 NEWS ABOUT OUR PRIENDS ,-nV GOOD OLE HOME 'TOWN POLKS
nervesî are blamed for an out-
break of fighting along the canine front. An official of the Peopleís Dispensary for Sick Animals, London, explained it this way: ìDoga are very sensitive to the state of mind of their owners. You get angry through reading about air raids and your dog goes out and fights the next dog.î
Costs Mere Than Automobile
John W. Thomas, President of the Firestone Tire A Rubber Co., beside the largest tire ever produced by the rubber Industry. These are now being manufactured by Firestone. Weighing more than 2600 pounds each ana capable of carrying a load of more than 36,000 pounds apiece, are in regular and exclusive production by Firestone for use on the latest types of earth moving equipment They stand more than nine feet in height and have a cross section of close to three feet.
Without tires of this size earth moving trailers of the capacity in use today would not be possible and consequently steam shovels with such large capacity would not be advantageous. Pneumatic tires are the only equipment that would float these tremendous loads over rocky, rough ground and wet, soggy
The tube in one of these latest giant tires weighs 160 pounds and protecting flap more than 50 pounds. It has thirty-four plies of gum dipped fabric but surprisingly enough only requires 85 pounds of air. The four tires on each piece of earth moving equipment have a load capacity of 75 tons.
these tirea


gy úrrÊ %
way w#k # a* *i *wa*# G*
terrain.

m
the
S

# lia
Population of
Ottawa 145,183

LIFEíS LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher
Things were happening on this continent too. Repeal of the arms embargo clause of the U. S. Neutrality Act released millions and millions of dollars in British cash for purchase of planes and munitions in the United States. ' Canada, now Great Britainís banker over here, began at once to play a big part in the transactions, with Arthur B. Purvis of Montreal as bead of a British purchasing Commission placing war orders ir the United States.
Further steps were taken during the week to make Canada the air training centre of the Empire. Said an article in the Sunday Times (London): ìThe establishment of Canada as the air training centre for the Empire ia a logical consequence of a number ef factors: First, Canadaís record in the air; second, its industrial capacity; third, its nearness to
American EE##N#EE#EIE
planes and technical experts;
fourth, its comparative isolation from bombing raids.î
Ottawaís population increased I	*" **£**ª´.
by 981 in the past year according I
to figures compiled by Blyth Mac-	^
Donald, City Assessment Com- I	TO
missioned -	I	"´1^_______________
The total population for 1989 is I lljllll KaLuiS?1 145,183, compared with 144,202 for 1988.
U? MODERNJ?
V
28

%
i






Dept CIA
kU>
<
cm
)Z
¶te a Caaada
X

Canadien Navy Keeps Vigilant Patrol of Coastal Waters
am#*'
¶i

A A
G






%




1%
y
Z

/


i##
dV/Z

i
%?

V
%?



xMK'



%
Z


(%*


1 '




%

.
ª


'
y::-K

t x




&

I

<?Y
i<y
supplies of engines,

i



%

,

.
ï1

%

rm-XSÔ

He Registered
14,000 Lb. Touch


71
*
yK
(

1


Have you a light or a heavy touch at the piano ? Scientists say It does not matter how you strike I note, or whether with a finger ªr an umbrella handl eays sound the same. Musicians liffer, and maintain that such sci-mtieta must be tone-deaf. Now i scientist-musician in Chicago, ye Boguslawski, has invented a delicate scale for measuring Me exact strength with which the aotes are hit, and he found that while playing Rubensteinís ìStaccato Etude,î lasting six monutea, his fingers registered a total strik-

I
Immediately upon the outbreak of war the small but efficient Canadian navy commenced its vigilant patrol of Canadian coastal waters. H.M.C.S. Fundy, ABOVE, is one of the minesweepers patrolling Canadaís Atlantic coast to keep them clear of enemy mines.

it will al-
ì1 know itís ï looping ti
> bet 1 canít disappoint a crowd like that.î
REGíLAR FELLERS-The High Hat
By GENE BYRNES
Me

-'VSrlfo&l
PtNHEAD/UDU OUGHT TO HAVE YOUR
LY
r OH,YOU REMEMBER
THE COATS-Of-ARMS
MOW 70 PAINT IT AN' I'LL BE RIGHT IN eTYLE /
[ *8Sk/
(
IN THE MIDDLE . A«I* HAD THEM /
WE
I
wwarli
lag force of 14,000 Iba. Bogus-
t ft
lawaki has a light touch, and with ether players the strength of touch varied, in some cases being almost double.
1Æ

u

(


v

¶ ìSpare your catî is the latest admonition from the British A.R.
1


/
/
m
P.
*s
###PAGE###4###
! point
THE EQUITY
A resolution was accordingly adopted approving establishment of a Red Cross Branch'at Shawville.
A resolution was passed with respect I to a safety deposit box in the Rank ol ! Montreal at Shawville.
A resolution was passed requesting the Provincial Government to take ovei the 6th Line Road.
The Valuation Roll and Collection Roll were examined, approved and duly homologated.
A resolution was passed regarding ssuient for sidewalk* built in 10.19.
Motion by Crs Woodley Coti ad iouvn.
X
SHAWVILLE, NOV. 23, 1939
CORN
New Quebec Appointment
GARAGE
f Quebec
Leopold IVsilets, K.O \as been appointed assistant attorney general for Quebec province in *ªU(
* ion to IíM ward Assvlin, it was amvimc-
. Resignation of A Berlin 1 Friday morning

We have a car of Choice Corn to arrive
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
l
In
f
ISMJ
Monday, December 3rd
!
t
Newfoundland Buys More Canadian Lambs
H arlxxi) C. Row A r
$et\-Tress
Kv ideally Vinadian bred graded ams are proving very satisfactory in Newfoundland. A shipment of 42 irling rams has just been made to the Department of National Resources,
Newfoundland, the third shipment from A meeting to organize a branch in breeder* in Ontario and Quebec in the Shawville of Red Gross was held on
In 1937 two hundred Friday afternoon, Nov. 17th, with n
Price
Shawville and District Branch Canadian Red Cross Society
>ï
SI.60 Per 100 lbs. at the car
(Bag not included)
Just to Remind You . .

past three years
.md fifty sewn were bought for breeding good attendance purposes, and last year 147. This year's I On motion, Mayor (ª purchases included Itª Oxfords, 16 was elected chairman and Rev. A. h Shropshire* and tl Cheviots. Of the Pokes as Secretary for the meeting.
42 bought recently 2S were of the top The meeting was addressed by Col. grade and 14 of the second grade. The 0. L. Jennings, Mrs. Norman Senior went shipment was bought for the and Mrs. Harold Millar, of Ottawa, who Newfoundland Government by Pro- explained methods of organization, duction Service. Dominion Department plans for finances, kind of work done of Agriculture, a* were the others in
G. McDowell
x
Itís time to give your car a complete check-up and put it in shape for quick starts and efficient operation
during cooler days ahead.
\
We believe this to be an exceptionally
good buy.
V
and starting of units for home nursing The meeting was also addressed hy It. W Hodgins. Mayor Nelson Me Lei Ian, of Bristol, and Fred Schwartz representing Thorne.
It was moved by It, W. Horigins and Rev. A. F Pokes, that a Shavville branch the	for
Canadian industry from coast to coast w ith. Curried, last week began to buckle down to the The officers duly elected were as fol ask of doing its part to help Canada lows :	President, R P. Fades ; 1st
win the war. The period of hesitation vice president, R. W. Morigins ; 2nd uni uncertainily had ended : there were vice president, Mrs. G. G. McDowell ; few surprises in Quebec's cabinet an secretary, Rev. T. F R. Nurse ; treas nouncements and business ns a whole urer, Rev A. F. Pokes.
It was moved seconded and carried that the executive be made up as fob
Fx officio, ihe Mayors of
Don't wait until trouble catches up with you. .get your car ready for winter now. Change Oil and Grease. Check Battery. Tune-up Motor. Put in Anti freeze. Let us prepare your car for trouble-free winter driving now
irev ions years
This Week in Canada
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REG'O
(A weekly survey from
Editorial Associates Ltd.)

was rapidly becoming equipped to handle all increased demands.
Vndcr war time legislation limiting lows :	1
profits and restricting dealings in foreign Shawville, Bristol, Clarendon, Thnrnt exchange, exports and imports, business land Litchfield. 2. One delegate up w t> operating efficiently, stepping up pointed by each l nit affiliated w i'li pro ducting and improving distribution. | Shawville Red Gross.
Restrictive legislation was accepted as It was moved seconded and carried, necessary war time action on the put of that this branch seek to have the hearty the government and industry was ready co operation in our work of the people
sacrifices required in the of the township* of Shawville, Vlarvu-
1 ¶11
usines* indices throughout the that we seek to work to the best ad itry continued to display marked vantage with other similar branches inprovemvnt despite the fact that few that may be formed adjacent to us.
>f them are tip to date enough to reflect The Shawville delegates elected, and any gains resulting from war time con- announced as their delegates at large : dit inns. That further betterment of the Mrs. G. II .Mae Lean. W. A Horigins, Vanadian business situation is in sight Mrs. R G. Horigins and Miss Irene vas indicated by a statement issued by Shaw.
the National Industrial Conference After votes of thanks to the visitors, Bureau, a research organization princi- I the meeting adjourned.
firms,
that i sharp industrial spurt is likely t<>
v>e experienced in Canada. This view |	Monday, Nov 20th, 1939
was based on three factors :	.	The officers anil the executive of
Dominion s geographical position is n ! Shitwville Hed Cross Society, met on
.íaluable asset And plants could ,healsoedateat llie home of Mr. K. I built which would be immune from at
*ack by enemy nil planes veil supplied with many raw materials ;
ëhegrowth in industry since the l ist war has increased Canada s supply of skilled
J. Lh. HODGIN8
Rs
!

LONDON
PARIS
ROME
BERLIN
0%
\
1
%
Phone 64 J,
N
%
N
\
P
to mak
national effort

DALEíS TINSHOP
R
The Capitals of Europe
#
at Your Finger-Tips
With this amazing* new
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
I
Findlay Super Oval Range
The finest range that money can buy
3 sizes and 5 different k colour schemes
\. F. Fokes, Sec ty pro tern
??
BATTERY RADIO
World Wide Push Button Tuning
P. Haile#. Tlie president xvas in the chair.
Minutis of previous meeting were
¶ Findlay Furnaces
Insures Your Heating QH Comfort for the Winter Months.
Let us quote you prices
Canada is
G8
read
.	, .	,	,	,	Motion Mayor G G. McDowell and
i ft hour and her supply of capable man w Hodgins, minutes be adopted.
...	i	Discussion arose regarding the min
Not all Canadian industries, however,	B> Ñrdvr frnm ,hc chairman the
are dependent upon war orders. ( ne niinules were ensiiended for clarification Montreal marine hardware firm, for Ñf certain reading and to lie taken up nst a nee, reports that business is so at a later point in the meeting, active the firm could not even consider T,|t. chairman then took up the mat entering tenders for war orders unless ;, r of a book-keeping recording system -U assistance is rerpured. On the j Motion li. W Hudgins and Mrs. other band was the annoimccment from q q M, | i.twell
system Ik- used,óCarried.
Motion Mayor O. O. McDowell and R, \Y HudginsóThat Mrs, (i. G. McDowell and Miss Shaw, he in charge of the knitting, with Mrs li. G. Horigins and Mrs. C. H. MacLean in charge of
the sewing óCarried.
Motion - - Rev. A. F. Fokes and R, W. IlodginsóThat we appoint a financial committee to select canvassers in all sections to secure memberships and donations for the Red Cross fund ó Carried.
Motion ó lier. A. F. Fokes and R. W HoriginsóThat we have each municipality canvassed, credits for all funds received to l>e given to the several municipalities concerned.óCarried.
The following were appointed to
Rev. - A. F. Fokes, McDowell, Mr. Clifton Wood ley and Dr. D. J. Campbell, with power to add.
The following were appointed as an organization committee Ilodgins, Rev. T. E. li. Nurse, Mrs C II. MacLean, Mr R. W. Hudgins, The regular meeting of the Municipal Mrs. I). J. Campbell and Mrs. G. G Council was held at Hynes Hall on the McDowell above date. Present :	His Worship,
Mayor G. G. McDowell, and Councillors V>tiv, Woodley and R. I\ Hades.
The minutes of the last meeting were present think of a possible place for a ï ead and adopted on motion of Hades central receiving and distributing room
W    M	and advi>v at once the president and
The following accounts were piesent- secretary what they know of The do-to the	approval :|
ïTatineau Power Co., electric
lights..................
ëTatineau Power Vo., water works.........................
BC Stark......................
Labour, Water Works...........
Labour, Streets..............
W A Horigins Store, Limited..
Wilsonís Garage...............
R P Eades,... .
Pontiac House
J B Judd......
J M Argue. . .
G G McDowell,
Mrs. Richard Howard
History-mu king broadcastsóDIRECT from Europe, at tlie touch of a button. No guessing, no waiting, no tuning. This nmazing new W estinghouse gives automatic tuning of Shortwavi: as well as standard broadcasts.. with all the latest 1940 advancements ó encased in the smartest, richest compact cabinet it's ever been our
pleasure to offer. Huy now___while pi(´*nt stock lasts
... .at this sensational low price.
ALSO. Phonograph Pickup, Automatic Tone Compensation, Automatic Volume Control and all new 1940 features
s
r
DALE'S TINSHOP
I
That the suggested
Shawville Quebec
Ottawa that aircraft, anti-submarine boats, ammunition and gun barrel Is will form the basis of initial orders to be placed in Canada by the British Ministry of Supply. Much of this business vill come to Quebec Province and it is apparent that war supplies will form a background for increased industrial activity along all fronts.
As war time orders are placed and the ïinportance of Canada's industrial structure become more evident the value of i soundly developed business basis in Dcace time becomes more apparent. During the past 20 years of peace Canadian business has developed beyond anticipations of the most optimisÈe Canadians and at the conclusion of. he present conflict, with restrictive measures, necessary in war time, re-

While they last
$74.50


Buy now before prices advance
Ask To See This Amazing Achievement
For Yourself
ESTABLISHED 1883
INVALID
GEORGE HYNES Sc SON
Wilmer H. Hodgins
Directors of Funeral Service
Quebec
Shawville,
,	,	Ñ	select canvas>crs
uoved, development will continue at an \|avor (; Á;
ïven greater pact
Shawville, Que.
Phone, 20-18
Phone 80
Shawville Council
Mrs. It. O
let on the executive of this branch of the lied Cross, to be asked to appoint ;
an alternative.
Motion
NOTICE
Shawville, Nov (>, 1939
ª	an<l	of Quebec,
Nominations closed by the chairman. \Y. Hodgins -That the minutes of these .School Municipality of Clarendon MotionóH. VV. Hodgins and Mayor meetings lx- published in The Equity.ó
McDowell ó That the members here
Beattieís Eye Service
ITblu Notice is hereby given to
it, 0. Hodgins and proprietors of real estate and mid-
ent householders of this School Municipality, that owing to the heavy demands the School Treasury all School Taxes in arrears of two years or over must be paid into the Treasurer's office by Dec-j ember 1st, 1939. If after that date there arc still such arrears outstanding it will be found necessary to hand same 11Ñ the pro|*r authorities for collection.
KMILY VlSlILAY,'uf	.....*
Timmins, in the District of Cochrane, j in the Province of Ontario, married ¶¶ | ¶ will apply to the Parliament of
ion thereof, for
Carried,
Motion ó Mrs McDowell--To ad lour n,
md Woodley
T. K. IL Nfirst, Secretary
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattieís Eye Service, cor. Gladstone md Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see as you should see you will see
Beattie s Lye Service
Scientifi' Eye Examinations
on
riding to be left with the president and *ee ret ary. óCarried.
i Minutes of previous meeting now put j i and adopted.
Home nursing discussed
notice -
Of Application For Divorce
#C2 83
Mrs. S K.
52 95
25 00 McDowell and Mrs. Reuben Smith to G 80 - be asked to take charge of this work.
39 Mm    K t       tK      M
Ir50 i McDowelló That authority be given 3 50 the prÈsident and treasurer to open an I 93 account to carry on the business of the 12 00 Shawville blanch of the Red Cross, 10 00 and that cheques be issued in the name 38 98 j of the president and treasurer.óCarried.
Motionó Mrs. R. 0. Hodgins and
__________ ______ _____ 5 00 Mrs. G. G. McDowellóThat this organ-
ilored by Cr Cotie seconded by Cr fixation be known as Shawville and Dis Woodley, that the foregoing bills bejrrict Branch of the Red Cross Society. ó ¶¶¶¶ The Secretary Treasurer read a letter from the Canadian Red Cross Society Mrs. R 0 HodginsóThat the Mayors asking that a branch be, established in j >ï( the various municipalities be notified Uns district with Shawville as central of their appointment and if unable to
MotionóRev. A. F. Fokes and Mayor
J. A. DEAN
Secretyy Treasurer
women
Canada, at the next a Kill of Divorce from her husband,
JAMES VEKNKR FINDLAY, of the Village of Shawville, in the Province of Quebec, retired farmer, on the ground of adultery.
Farm For Sale
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
(hoys suppers)
1 30
Being Lots 11 and 12, on the Ifrii N00NNI	Range of the Township of Clarendon,
Dated at Timmins, Ontario, the 15th | |f>0 acres in all, fairly well improved.
70 acres in bush. For farther psrticu i Iwrs apply to
Carried.
Motion-Mrs. G. G. McDowell and
CHARLES H. KERR,
Timmins, Ontario.
Solicitor for Emily Findlay, Applicant. |
KATHLEEN M. ROLLINS
T.T. BEATTIE, Prefesaieeat Opt well ist
I
(HAS WORKMAN.
Charter is, Que
###PAGE###5###
I
Service Announcement
Founding of Carnegie
The Carnegie institution of Wash-Shauvilik United Cii¸rc ii ington was founded on January 28,
Rea A F. Poem B. A., B.D. Pastor 1902´ b>* Andrew Carnegie, when he
gave to a board of trustees an endowment of registered bonds of the 11.00 a.m.óService at Shawvillc with Par value of $10,000,000. To this
Rev. T. A Wood* preaching fund he added $2,000,000 on Decem-
The Factor will preach at tdc afternoon ber 1S07, and $10,000,000 on January 19, 1911. In addition, the in-
4 - Evangelistic service at come of a reserve fund of about Shaw ville.	$3,000,000, accumulated in accord-
age of Rev. T. A. Woods, for ´ice with the founderís specifics-many years Evangelist at l uge of uons in 1911, is now available for * the Presbyterian Church.	general use, and there has been a
Fleamk Note - Rev, Mr. Woods i* ^cent addition of $5,000,000 to the preaching Wednesday, Thursday endowment fund by grant from the and Friday of this week in thi, Carnegie corporation of New York. Church at 7.4A p. m.	rhe institution was originally or-
ganized as the Carnegie institution but was reincorporated as the Car negie Institution of Washington by an act of congress approved April 28, 1904.
The Equity
To Improve Bacon And Ha
Exports
Cold Weather Requirements
I
The Agriculture Department in a statement Friday night appealed to hfªg growers to bend every effort to improve the average quality of Canadian bacon and bam exports in order to hatisfy a growing wartime demand.
! Export* of Canadian bacon and ha ma to Great Britain average 5,039,5X0 pounds a week for the past six weeks as compared with ft weekly average 3,0S6,d«0 before the war started.
Frein Ocr. 1, to Nov. 15, 30,193,301 pounds of bacon and bams were exported to Britain from Canada, the equivalent of 250,000 live hogs and of these shipments 67 per cent, were Wiltshire sides, 15 |>er cent, hami and 17.5 per cent, other cuts.
PUBLISHED EVERY TltVRBDAT AT
SIIAWV1LLE, QUEBEC
Sunday, November 20
S White Flannelette Blankets
|	$1.75 to $2.49
|8 (irey Flannelette Blankets
9 Large size. $2.25 to $2.49
3 ìEsmond Cortex Pelage 8	Blanketî the	warmest
8	blanket made, size 60 x 80 fl Now selling at .
9	All-wool Coloured	Blankets
00 x 80 priced at....$4.50
Fancy Coloured Indian Blankets 54 x 79....
White All-wool Blankets, all sizes,
All-wool Grey Blankets,.............
Fancy Bed Comforters, satin trimmed
?
ANNUAL SOUSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Cnuada .. #1 f>0
To United Stntee
services
7.30 p. in.
IS
2.00
Final

f
All arrears must be paid in full before nny paper U discontinued
\
W. G. COWAN, PUBLISHER
$2.00
Hog Fop Service
Regiitercd Yorkshire hog. Service H fee, 11.00 ; Club members free. Apply Jfj*
n J TRACY,
Yarn, Que
Bristol United Church C. Armstrong-Salem, B. Iª Sunday, November 2G
m
$1.98
$7.00 and up
$3.50 and up ....... $2.50
Fattening Turkey#
to
St Andrews Sunday School 10.00 a. m
St. Andrews, ServiceH|HHj|feHH Knox
%
11.00 a. m
*
Turkeys thrive best in the open, even
Turkey gives the lie to the old [during the fattening period, and the
fattening period should start a month
Beautiful Turkish Prison
Sunday School 2 00 p. m.
3.00 p. m.
Service
Registered Tam wort h hog, bacon type. Service fee $1.00. Also for sale u number of young Tam worth pig#, both sex. Apply to
saying that ìthere never was a
7.30 p m | beautiful prison.î Its most famous I before it is intended to sell them. Fat-
prison, a little island, Imrali, in the tuning should be commenced gradually Sea of Marmora, is an Eden on with mashes in the morning and at noon, earth. This tract of green hills cov- and whole grain in the evening. When ered with flowers is jail to 750 men turkeys are shut up in pens they very but so idyllic is the life there that often go off their feed and frequently only two warders are needed. The die.
men are paid about 25 cents a day A recommended mash for turkeys is and put to work farming and mak- made up of equal parts of ground oat, ing roads. The prison, founded in barley meal, cornmeal and wheat bran. 1935, tries to restore its inmates to Buckwheat may take the place of barley, society as useful and peaceful citi- | Mix thoroughly and moisten the math
with water or skim milk about two hours before feeding. Enough liquid should be used ro make the feed crumbly, and not sticky or sloppy. The mash Peuple who visit Bali may observe [should be given in thoroughly-cleaned these facts: The pig supplies meat. ìVí shaped troughs and no more feed the cow being sacred; rice is the should be served than the turkey can staple food; girls are being ordered clean up. The same mash may be used to wear more clothing, but are not for the morning and noon feeds. Whole obeying; dancing is the national [corn is the best grain for fattening but pastime; no beggars, no child marriages: none but natives may own real estate, and Bali rhymes with tolly.
Austin,
Service
ANGLICAN
St. Pai'lím
Sunday, November 2*. 10.00 a. m.óSunday School Morning Service withdrawn 7.BO p. m.óEvening Prayer
Holy Trinity 11.00 a.uª.óHoly Communion
Dawn Pillows
All chicken feathers [Simmons] steam sterilized and covered in attractiveLœeather-proof ticking per pair
R. J. WOODS,
Cbartcns, Quo
Purebred Yorkshire registered Hog, trom prize winning stock. Service fee, 81.00. Apply to
$2.49

ï ï ï
WlLMKR H. HolXilNS,
R. R. No. 1, Shaw ville
zens
The New Luxury Sleep Value
The Slumber Kingî Spring Filled Mattress
$19.95
Parish of North Clarendon Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge
New Reg. Pure bred Yorkshire Hog ´ëor service. Fee 11.00. Apply to
MANSON McCAGG
R. 2, tihawville, Que.
Purebred Yorkshire Hog, select type. Service fee, $1.00. Apply to
W. S KNOX. McKee, Quo.
Bali Customs
Sunday, November 20 North Onslow,- Morning Prayer 10.30 Thorne Centre. Evening Prayer 2.30 Charier is,
Extra value
Evening Prayer, 7.00
Rexolum & Barroleum Mats 10 and 15 cts. Fancy Axminster Mats, size 27x45 $3.98
it should not be fed heavily if the weather is warm regular feeds, the turkeys should have plenty of fresh water and grit.
Christmas Photos The Perfect Gift Thereís no gift quite so personal and friendly as your photograph, be cause itís you. Two extra photos with each dozen.
Along with the
Cedar Chests
The Very Latest Styles, $15.50 to $21.50
London Holds Fish Fights
Bottles to the death between Siamese fighting fish offer a new craze in London society. The gaudy three-inch tropical enemies meet in a tank ;md bets are decided on points or a ìknockout by 30 persons $2,500 was at stake on one contest. The fish are being imported in hundreds by tropical fish dealers. The fighters are kept In tanks separated by glass partitions and betters study form as in horse races. The partition is removed and a powerful light thrown on them to increase their vitality. The combatants dart to deliver vicious bites, the fins and gorgeous tails soon becoming bedraggled by repeated assaults. Fights sometimes last two hours.
H. iMbON* Photo Studio
Fancy End Tables, Telephone Sets, Magazine and Radio Tables new in
Stock
PRINTING
Balloons Aid in Checking On Center of Hurricane
A tiny instrument, weighing about one and one-quarter ounces and suspended beneath a small baboon, is science's latest device for finding the whys and wherefores of South Atlantic and Gulf coast hurricanes. According to W. R. Gregg, chief of the United States weather bureau conducting tests of the equipment, the data obtained will add immeasurably to what is already known about hurricanes. The instruments are sent out from three stationsó located near Montgomery, Ala.; Jackson, Miss.; and Augusta. Ga. óoperated by the Massachusetts institute of technology, co-operating with the government in this study.
Signals for release of the instrument-carrying balloons are given by Lhe weather bureauís eastern district forecaster at Washington. D. C., who also sets their schedules, says Scientific American. From his daily charts of weather conditions all over the wor.d, the forecaster follows every tropical disturbance from the time it appears far out on southern seas, until it has blown a path across the land or has veered to spend its fury over the w*tcr.
The instrument consists essentially of three recording elements, three small penpoints, and a piece of smoked glass about lhe size of a postage stamp. Fitted into a small aluminum or doped fabric gondola, it is carried on a hydrogen-inflalod balloon to a height 10 to 20 miles above the earth at a rate of climb of 650 to 800 feet per minute.
Five pieces of red cloth are attached to the bamboo framework to attract attention of passersby to the fallen instrument. A tag offering a reward for return of the device to the United States weather bureau station at Boston is also attached. There the glass plate will be examined and read under a microscope and tabulations from the recordings will tell an interesting story of what goes on in the heart Df a hurricane.
At one party attended
9 f
1
Call and see the several new Marvel
Chesterfield Suites
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
Royal Purple Stock Remedies
Owing to many requasts from our customers to stock Royal Purple Remedies, we are pleased to announce that we now carry a fujl line of this famous brand.
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
i	Holland Well-Housed
Francis O. Wilcox, in Current History, soys:	ìOne of the brightest
feathers in the Dutch cap is the fact that perhaps no other people in the world'ore housed quite so well as the people of Holland.î From the hum b'est farmhouse to the apartment houses of the larger municipalities there is an air of neatness and permanence about Dutch homes that is refreshing. One can search in vain for slums comparable to those found in the United States. Furthermore, there ax* plenty of homes to go around for, as the chief inspector of stale housing assured me, ìPractically every working class fan *:!y i an have, as a rule, four rooms and a kitchen in which to live.î	k
Grocery Specials

15c
Robin Hood Wafer Flakes, per pkg.........
Robin Hood Rolled Oats, with Silverware or China, per package....................
29c
1
We have everything for your Christmas Baking needsóMaraschino Cherries, Peel of all kinds, Cake Candies, and Icing, Nuts, Currents, Raisins, Dates, etc.
Ideal Hog Grower, per 100 lbs. $2.00 Ideal Laying Mash, ì
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
*
India Motor Militia
In India private passenger cars may be converted into fighting units on almost o moment's notice according to inform‚t "on received from that country. Members of the Auxiliary force of India, an organization similar to the nat onal guard in America, are called upon for service in times of riot or serious civil commotion. Upon such occasions members put their private cars at the disposition of lhe organisation
men, two armed with i if es. driver has a service revolt# uni the fourt.i o ipant mini pun.
ì	$1.45
44
MacLeanís
RED & WHITE STORE
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Go, Limited
Each car < ai r es iour
m»» »»     KKm
ï i
The Owner ServesóThe Buyer Seves
´ I
r
Old Steamship Ticket
Tells of Life at Sea
Ground Directs Lightning Not only the height of a building or of a tree, but also the nature of
the ground on which it rests, is of	_ _	.	0	.
prime importance - in determining museum of Gothenburg, Sweden, is
whether it will be struck by light- a steamship ticket issued in 1853, ning. Science Service says. That giving a menu which is quite starlightning chooses the path of 4east tling when contrasted with mea s on
luxury liners today. The regulations
$2.15 19 cts.
Full-O-Pep, Fattening Feed
Catsup, 20 07. bottle.........
G.M. Coffee, 1 lb. tin .......
G.M. Coffee. A lb. tin .......
Crown Black Tea, 1 lb. pkg
4 ì
Among the most interesting objects to be seen at the Maritijne
Golds..
Roy G. Fraser
45
44
Break up that cold before it gets you down by
remedies.
Gifts, Novelties
25
44
Flowers,
electrical resistance is the conten
tion of L. N. Bogoiavlensky, Soviet i printed on it are I scientist, in a letter to Nature, the ìEach passenger will be furnished British scientific journal. The re the following rations.weekly: Seven sistance of the air, he explains, is , pounds of ship's bread two pounds influenced by the radioactivity of salt P∞[k, two and one-fourth the rocks below it, ìSince radioac- pounds of flour, one pound of salt live materials constantly give off | herring and a daily ration of one
can of water for drinking and wash-
These rations are
RENFREW, ONT.
ªOK 880
53
44
using our
We have a good supply of Cough Syrup Cough Drops, Aspirin, Acetophen, Quinnine. etc.
Phone 160
27
44
44
44
44
44
25
44
Fine Salt. 14 lb. big............
G.M. Oranfcc Marmalade, per jar
Apple & Strawberry Jam Catelliís Cooked Macaroni, large tin
G.M. Pumpkin, per tin..............
Soap Flakes, 5 lb. box.............
Apples, Spyís No. 1, per barrel 1	....
Starks No. 1,| **
Starks No. 2, 44
Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our business. We in
25
44
radiation which increases the ioni zation and the electrical conduct!v ity of the air. '
ing purposes furnished from the ship ^stores, but each passenger must furnish his own butter, sugar, mustard, sirup, pepper and vinegar. Each passen-
25
4 4
44	44
On
vite your patronage orders of $1.00 or over, phone
On orders of
18
44

Southamptoní* Thirteen	,	,	. .	. JPP
Southampton, England, ia haunted	Is responsible for bringing his
by the number 13. At the municipal own bed clothing and tin dishes for elections there were 13 fights be eating, drinking and washing pur-
tween rate payers and Labor part) I	Th* 8hëp 8 ,naster has
candidates ; 13 hours were allower n*bt to withhold writer rations until
for voting and the thirteenth contef the promenade deck has been swept
was won by a woman. A few day j *nd cleaned each day by the Nft
later a Southampton-bound plant sengers." with 13 passengers crasled-a fe\ Many other items of interest to minutes after taking off. All wen ocean-going travelers are exhibited ,IIpd	|at the Gothenburg museum.
$6.00 or over phone us collect
10
44
33
44
and we shall prepay
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mr# M. C. Howard
. $4.50
I
$4.00
44
44

Main and Centre Sts SHAWVILLE. - qUE.
Pho
1
$3.50
44
44
and 11 p.*.
##*#####

###PAGE###6###
pose, having them well greased (It la best to use three layers of TT I greased paper). Steam for 4 a 1 hours and dry in slow oven for two hours or bake In slow oven 4 to 6 hours.

Without more ado she herded Bob and Dan Dallas out of the room and up the steps.
Pat And Claire
Pat caught Claire's hand and drew her back for a minute. "You mean you didn't love him, Claire?" he asked eagerly.
"How could I after 1 met you, Pat? Oh, do I have to throw myself at you?"
Pat's arms closed about her, and his lips crushed hers. Hut In a minute he reminded her, "I'm poor and you're rich now ttjat you've got the mine."
ïRut the mine won't buy me hap plnoaa, and If l haven't that. Iíd rattier the old tree was still making It the House of Long Shadows, with Uncle Lyman's Jewel hidden under Its roots. Please, Pat, don't stand there and say you won't have me. just because I've got something that was aim
She smiled and added," l never thought I'd have to do the. proposing when 1 got a husband."
Pat grinned.
They walked out through the cellar and, as they came slowly up the steps, a shaft of moonlight touched the cupola of the old house with a silvery glow. Claire looked up at It with a smile.
"See. Pat. dear, the 'Óadows have gone. From now on It's going to bo the house of long life and happiness."
Quality 1$ Superb
K

T

A

A

L
B

n
WHITE FRUIT CAKE
1 cup white sugar (fruit sugar) M cup corn syrup (white)
1 cup butter
3 eggs
1 lb. raisins (sultanas)
M lb. mixed peel M cup fine coconut
1	small bottle of cherries
2	teaspoons vanilla
1	teaspoon nutmeg and almond
flavouring
2	slices colored pineapple, chop-
ped fine
teaspoons baking powder
3	cups sifted flour
Cream butter welt, add sugar and corn syrup, then well beaten eggs. Next comes the flour, which ha: been sifted with the spices. \dd the fruit last, mixing all very thoroughly. If steamed, cook for two hours, drying in a slow oven for H hour. If baking cook for 1 hours in very slow oven.
FRUIT CAKE


A

K
L

j


A
s
E
4
J
14
r..
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
CHRISTMAS CAKES
With the lato Autumn days and their delightful crisp air, there is wafted to us in the breexes the suggestion that Christmas is just around the corner. One of the first things to be decided^ in this early preparation is the making of the Christmas cake. "To those interested in the culinary art falls the decision of the recipe for this traditional cake. To help solve your problems 1 am offering to you three recipes. The first is quite a rich cake originating in England. It has been many times tested and is quite the favorite. The second one is for the light fruit cake and to those who have found trouble with this type of cake becoming dry, I recommend "trying the addition of the syrup. 1 am sure you will be very enthusiastic about the discovery. The last recipe is also very old, but very reliable and does fill the requirement for those who wish a cheaper and simpler cake and one which must be made within a week or so before the holiday season.
ENGLISH CHRISTMAS CAKE
1 lb. flour (browned in oven. This is best done in shallow pan).
1 lb. sugar hi teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon of cloves, cinnamon and nutmeg.
1 lb. currants (washed and dried)
1 lb. raisins (washed and dried) tt lb. mixed peel (stew for ten minutes)
% lb. butter .ij……gg.
M lb. chopped dates M lb. mixed glaced fruit M lb. blanched almonds ii lb. chopped pecans 8 eggs
cup corn syrup ft teaspoon soda Mix and sift the browned flour, sugar, spices and salt. Add the prepared fruits and nuts, then add the syrup (preferably the light) dissolving the soda in the syrup. Next add the melted butter and the well beaten eggs. Add the wet ingredients to the flour very gradually, mixing very thoroughly. Turn into pans for the pur-
aa
HOUSE OF SHADOWS
k**
by Ida R. Gleason
<$) If36 NtA S#m<e. I*c.
The Games Up
Claire shuddered as she looked at Nick's dark face which had lost all Its handsome charm. "Now see how youíve messed things up!" he snarled at Susie. ìYou ami your talk about the damned jewel. If it hadn't been for you. 1 never would have come back, andó"
"Nicky!" Susie's cry was desperate. heart-broken. "1 only wanted It for you Nicky."
But he turned his back upon her and addressed Dan Dallas.' "All right, let's get going, since the game's up. 1 suppose youíve got handcuffs and all the trimmings."
He held out his hands, but as Dallas moved toward him there was a sudden brief skirmish, a sharp report, and the confessed criminal dropped to the floor in a twisted heap. The gun he had tried to fire at Dallas fell between them.
Dan bent over him while the echo ïf the shot seemed to circle upward with the smoke to the high ceiling.
"Dead." Dan's lone had the finality of a curtain line.
Susie gave one agonized cry. Claire looked at her half curiously. Of course Susie would scream like that. Claire herself was only conscious of a strange feeling of re-
side. This second door was concealed by an old fashioned safe which stood in front of it, and so close that only an opening wide enough to admit a person could be made.
"Um, this connection with the library is evidently one thing Susie did not know about,' Dallas decided.
"No, she came through the cellar. Ix)ok at that, will you laa threw the ray from his electric torch on the opposite wall.
The shock of the tree's fall had wrenched Ohe big, wooden cupboard In the cellar room from its place, disclosing the solid back of the shelves, hinged to swing open to make another entrance Into the secret room. _
the end of us all."
teeth kept bright and attractive with the help of WRIOLEY'S GUM.
see
ïN

Dal-
2 eggs
1H cups light brown sugar
1	teaspoon soda "* && teaspoon ^oda
2	cups raisins
H cup glazed cherries cut fine 1 cup walnuts
1	teaspoon cinnamon H teaspoon nutmeg
2	cups flour 1 cup butter
Cream butter, add the sugar and eggs well beaten ; then flour which has been sifted with the spices. Add in fruit and nuts last, being sure all is thoroughly mixed. Cook 300" to 360", 1\ hours.




THE END
GET SOME TOOAY1
He Left a Girf But Didn't
Lose Her
Iodine In Food
For Hair Health
A Gold Mine
"The old boy went in for hidden doors in a big way, didnít he?" remarked Pat. "This place must have been built when the house was, and that safe let down before the library floor was In place."
"But there's nothing in the safe now! Even the door is unlocked/* said Claire, disappointedly. "It might make a fine prison for Eb, butó"
ï Ho said he heard me In the tunnel." Pat took the torch and went over to inspect the outside.
* Why, of course he didósee here!"
Only a thin wall of earth separate^ the secret room from the other cut where Pat had dug his way out of the old mine.
"And we're still directly under the house, the library and the cupola side," Pat went on.
"Do you suppose this is where he hid his wonderful Jewel?" Claire looked about her rather blankly.
"Yes," Bob Steele answered positively. He had been examining one of the walls. "See here, and there? There's no telling how pure this stuff will run. Your uncle's jewel was a gold mine, (Taire, and what a mine!"
Oysters, clams, lobsters, pineapple and cod liver oil are rich in
iodine which is important to hail health. Whole barley, wild rice, horseradish, whole wheat, asparagus, cabbage and lettuce do, according to food experts, contain quantities of silicon, also important to the health of your hair. And horseradish, cabbage, radishes, apples, turnips, and onions contain sulphurógood for your complexion as well as your hair.
YOUR HOUSEHOLD PROBLEMS
Have you fussy estera In your family? Do you have trouble providing s varied and interesting menu? Do your cakes fall? Then write, enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie B. Chambers, care of
this paper, and she will endeavour to solve vour oroblema.
*

lief

Later, with the remembrance of Susie's agonized weeping still ringing in her ears, Claire stood in the library of the House of Long Shadows where Pat and Bob and Dan Dallas were grouped about the fireplace that bore the sign of the broken arrow.
"Uncle Lyman must have known about Nick,î Claire said in a low voice. "Maybe that was why he suspected Susie would not be satisfied with the money he left her, and might try to find this last treasure. He knew, too, that she would never look in books. So he left them specifically to me."
Dan Dallas walked to the book case and looked at it closely. "Has It always stood out from the wall like this?" he asked.
"Why, no!" Claire answered. ìIt must have mov∞d. Maybe when 1 was fussing with itó"
She did not finish, for at the pressure of Dan's fingers, the bookcase swung slowly forward, showing a doorway- wiih a flight of ¶arrow stairs leading downward.
"To the secret room, I'll bet! Come on!" Pat said excitedly, and started down.
Another very low door at the bottom opened directly into the balf-ruined place Eb had described, with the gaping hole which the tree roots had torn open at one

Ask
*
Handy Hints
4^r

Custards may be prevented from burning by adding a teaspoon of cornstarch. Half a teaspoon of salt improves the flavor and keeps it moist. Warm the milk before adding the eggs to prevent water settling in the bottom of the baking dish/-

EDWARDSBUR*

OHVMBUa
ttgf*
'
fi
Scuffed brown shoes nuy be improved by painting the scuffed portion with iodine, applied with a small brush or applicator, after which they should be polished in the regular way.

Derek Manthon expected love to wait. He didn't realize it's bound to catch up sometime. That is, not until Cpnnie \ Maidwell caught up and / under the most extraordinary
Her story is one of the most appealing ever written. Follow it in the new smash serial
The Tapping Noise
Hannah sniffed. "Your Undo Lyman would be sure to go at it Just that way. Gettiní us all most killed!î
"Thereíf still one thing that hasnít been explained,î (Taire remarked. "The tapping noise I hoard that night I was up in Unde Lymanís room.î
ìIt was probably either Susie or Nick doing a little investigating on their own, Miss Fosdick,î said Dan Dallas. "Your party arriving unexpectedly must have added an extra spur to the!.' efforts. Baum was undoubtedly the one who put the log across the road to block your way. Didnít he leave before you did?î
"I suppose he did,î she answered. *T stopped to talk to Hannah and change my clothes. Yes, he would have had plenty of time to be quite a way ahead of me. And he knew 1 was coming.î
"One thing I still canít understand Claire,î insisted Pat. "It he as going to marry you, why did he bother to pull all this stuff, with
He looked at her closely as he put the question.
For a minute she did not reply. Then she looked straight back at him. "Nick knew he would never marry me. I think, Pat."
"Well, this is no place for a sick man. Mr. Steele, you better be getting back where Itís warm,î Hannahís practical ifcicti broke In.
TUCK WAIST

Mattering Waistline Frock
Meringue may be cut without tearing or pulling if you will use a wet knife. A wet knife should also be used in cutting rubber.
<
Z
circumstances. !
z

I
I
HI
I
I
I
When using ground herbs to flavor soups and stews, tie them into a small cheesecloth bag. Remove from the kettle when sufficient flavor has been absorbed from the herbs.
F

1

LOVE LAUGHS AT THE DOCTOR
\ !
II!
ï 1111

I
Milk will retain its sweetness, even though slightly tinged, if a level teaspoon of soda is added to each quart and stirred in thoroughly. A little grated horseradish, boracic acid, or a teaspoon of table salt to the quart may also be used.
STARTS NEXT WEEK !

´


1939 Schoolmarm Not Old-Maidish
ASPIRIN
Now less than 1< a Tablet




i
i
Questionnaire Reveals Todayís Teachers Are Full of Life, Intensely Human, Practical, Looking For Marriage
NERVES HELPED
Girl Cuts Tongue
To Stop Chatter
I
f
;•
:

/kNE of the beet ^ things a woman can take for nervousness is Dr. Pierceís Favorite Prescription, prescribed by a phy-fsician who specialised in women's ailments. Mrs. James Johnson of 17 Wil-
I



e

?!
Explaining ìI talk too much/í Leona Hudock, of San Francisco, tried to cut out her tongue last week. She succeeded in cutting o.7 two small sections.
Police were called to the nurse's apartment by her roommate, Barbara Taylor. Miss Taylor told them her companion produced a pair of scissors and said, "I talk too muchóI'm going to end it all/' Miss Taylor fled to call help.
Doctors said the severed tongue sections could not he replaced, but Miss Hudock would talk again.
danger of getting caught?î

m

I
1
The modern elementary teacher is full of life, Intensely human, practical and In 73 cases out of 100 keeping a weather .eye open for marriage to a man earning a reasonable income.
Dr. Ralph Bedell, head of the University of Nebraska Teachers' college, worked out a prototype of the present grade teacher by asking 400 questions of 238 "expert" teachers in Nebraska, Iowa, Kansas, Missouri and Colorado.
The Composite Teacher
OccupationóMore interested in teaching than any other profession; thumbs down on the Hollywood glamor girl as well as movie acting or becoming an artist's model; 66 per cent in favor of be- coming educational directors; mdb * preferred to women as employers.
AmusementsóOutdoor activities
=:


Get Safest Fast Relief for headaches, neuritic and rheumatic pain today without thought of price
Œ00 tablets 98<

l

llem St.. Celt. 0*1.. mjti ì1 bed bed beedecbea

feted with feminine appetite. The 1
end bad m*
little noise completely
1 could berdly sleep and 1_________
k I could scarcely get about. After lab-lag Dr. Pierce'ª Favorite Prescription I felt like

I 2968
34ZES 12. -4
Get Dr. Pierce*ª Favorite Prescription from yonª druggist.

lit 1 o. we Lcnnot
% i
Fullness front for a new outlook on a new season. We must plan for the winter months, but we want clothes we can wear now in perfect chic. The soft fulln at the shoulder line is most flat-e r i.g. |||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
in the lead; 75 per cent like danc-	make it appear inches smaller
ing. but the majority would choose	and ** very smart. Front skirt
a good play over a dance if the	fullness is pretty and graceful
alternative were offered.; 50 per	whe*! you walk. All the requirement go for bridge; 13 per cent for	menls you need tor a smart hut
poker; blanket approval for mov*	practical dress to see you through
les; symphonies are good but form- 1 the late fall and the holidays that
will soon be here. A deep, rich red adds s gay note to any gathering and black is always smart when accented by a bright gold necklace.
No need to take chances on taking strong, dangerous H ó
recognized as the	IfTfl
fastest relief you
m
‡
i

li
>
O'rin
¿
I
I
I
1

I
‚
I
I
¶ m
is
z



Fucks at the waistline
I
I
NOSE
1
I 'l
I
r pain safely,
can use for
and colds Jar less than 1 cent a tablet!
Remember ó Aspiriil does not harm the heart. For great speed plus safety, don't take anything else. Get the economy sise bottle at your druggist's today 100 Aspirin tablets for only 961. It's a bargain you can t miss.
3
RUNNING

7
a

mm tell
jCAUS* \
always
5*ª
ª
!
B
0
diecom-
aeee and b ! u tfin#eª in Ut# ªo ª r n 1 ª, membrane.? Get quick relief, ir noee with Menthol.tum the
a! teas are not.
Reading ó Newspaper editorials
and books, preferred; romantic stories and womenís pages strong; only three per cent In favor of the ´ true revelation type of story.
People ó Landslide for progrËs sive, energetic, but not overly con fldent people; "natural" leaders, religious and Witty persons preferred types; ìmannish" women, gum chewers, nervous Individuals and men who drink are In the doghouse
irritated
4
IT'S

WARNING! 1st ifcii Cross!
!
halm Wife the
4
If every tablet is not stamped with the word "Bayer" in the form of a
0.
Gm Ment hole
FULL
ï hi
Style No. 2968 is designed for sixes 12, 14, T6, 36, 38 and 40. Size 36 requires 3*4 yards of 39 inch material.	J *	^
Send fifteen cents 415cI (coin is preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 78 West Adelaide St., Toronto.
!
MENTH0LATUM
cross, it is NOT Aspirin. Don't let anybody tell you it
&ªªrt
COMFORT O.ti/y
II TIE ‡lITIIIT MAPPER
Issue No. 46
'39
Ins lot larm the Heart
B
\

###PAGE###7###
/
ham estate. Since the outbreak of
w&r |||L_	I flpflHpBHHHH
been, or are about to be, plough" ed. In addition, the acreage of arable land on the estate was 1ª creased by 30 acres early in IMS. To Increase Domestic Output Additional land will be placet under plough at Balmoral, but Hi extent has not yet been decided. Permission has been given for ## acres of grassland at Norfolk Far# Windsor Park, to be ploughed.
The Royal gardens of all The King's estates will plant a considerable area In vegetables.
Royal Estates Become Farms
How To Fatten Up Your Turkeys
1st Canadian Division Commander Visits Toronto
an additional 60 acres have
Sunday
School
Lesson
:
¶m
.'ï ï'*	;> v

ear


Start A Month Before Selling Them ó Birds Thrive Best In Open
iip:
∆ m
r-
Measures approved by The King for Increasing production of food on bis private estates have been announced by the Bfltish Ministry of Agriculture.
Early this year, in response to the Government's appeal for Increased domestic food production. 50 acres of grassland were put under plough at the King's Sandring*
m

Turnkey# thrive best In the open, even during the fattening period, and the fattening period should start a month before it Is intended to sell them. Fattening should be commenced gradually with mashes In the morning and at noon, aud whole grain In the evening. When turkeys are shut up In pens they very often go off their feed and frequently die.
LESSON VIII
WARNINGS AND PROMISES
Matthew 7
Printed Text, Matt. 7*1 14
Golden Text.óAs ye would that mai. should do to you, do ye also to them likewise. Luke 6:31, THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
>
By William Ferguson
Recommended Mash
A recommended mash for turkeys Is made up of equal parts of ground oats, barley meal, cornmeel and wheat bran, take the place of barley. Mix thoroughly and moisten the mash with water or skimmilk abo 't two hours before feeding Enough should be used to make the feed crumbly and not sticky or sloppy. The mash should be given In thoroughly-cleaned "Vî shaped troughs and no more feed should be served than the turkeys can clean up. The mash may be used for the
Time.óSpring, A.D. 27.
Place.óOn a mountain, the exact location of which is not known.
1. Judge not, that ye be nut judged. The strict meaning of the word ìjudgeî is to distinguish, decide.î The Lord forbids any of his subjects making final judgment about any 'tuman being. 2. For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged: and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured unto you. On the day of judgment those critics who have neglected to judge themselves will be found to be full of sins and short-comings which at last receive ïtheir just punishment.
. 3. And why be boldest thou the mo* that is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye? 4. Or how wilt thou say to thy brother. Let me cast out the mote out of thine eye; and lo, the beam is in thine own eye? 6. Thou hypocrite, cast out first the beam out of thine own eye; and then shalt thou see clearly to cast out the mote out of thy brother's eye. By ìbeamî here is meant a beam of wood used often in holding up the roof of a house; a ìmoteî is a speck of dual. We aie all prone to suspect in the conduct of others precisely those failings of which we are frequently guilty ourselves.
6. Give not that which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast your pearls before the swine, lest haply they trample them under their feet, and turn and rtnd you. Here is a caution against the opposite extreme to what Christ has just been rebuking. We must not judge others, but we must not heedlessly expose sacred things to persons wholly wanting in appreciation and sure to reject them. ìPearlsî here may be taken as precious truths which have become
Nevertheless we can
MOANS OF THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN! 5HEEP SHOW THE ANIMAL'S AGE THROUGH THEIR ANNUAL. GROWTH RINGS.
Buckwheat may

¶
7
Sí

liquid


ß>;

•



%


same
morning and noon teds, corn Is the best grain tor fattening hut it should not be fed heavily If the weather is warm. Along with regular feeds, the turkeys should have plenty of fresh water and

WRfTE
BLACKBIRDS
frequently
OCCUR.
THE
RESULT OF ALBINISM.
Major-General A. G. L. McNaughton, general officer commanding the 1st Canadian Division C.A.S.P., is shown here taking thÈ salute as the 48th Highlanders marched past him during his visit to Toronto, where he inspected various units of the 1st division.


grit.
ï ï e ï
How To Select The Best Hens
NOTES
RADIO
4r	*
ïMES /UOREAVLEAGC
IN CANADA THAN IN THE
r.
How cen the best laying hene be selected in culling? ThU qu tion was asked of C. E. Rohde, of the Missouri College of Agriculture recently. He answered as follows :
At this season of the year, early-molting hens of the yellowskinned variety will be observed as Having much yellow color in their beaks and shanks. The amount of yellow coloring indicates the length of time these individuals have been on a vacation. The deepest colorings denote the longest vacations, and usually the
poorest-producing hens.
Good, profitable hens present quite a contrasting appearance at this time of the year. These individuals have a rugged, rough
Their feathers are
m

NEWS
AND

UNMTED STATES/
By MADGE ARCHER
Canada, can hear on our network.
On the whole we have little to complain about. The CBC ' makes every effort to bring us the great programs of the American networks *nd, barring a few sponsors of products without markets in this country, we hear Just about everything wfvorth while there Is to hear.
THE PUBLIC DICTATES Canadians and Americans are the most radio-spoiled people In the world. They are like precocious children who cry for wh&t they want, and again when they cannot get what they want. No thought Is given to the hundreds of millions spent every year on their entertainment and the catering to their wishes. For In America It is the public that dictates the type of programs that are broadcast. Where else in the world can 150,000,000 people depend upon a consistent season of complete operatic broadcasts? For this is what we get from the Metropolitan each Saturday afternoon during the winter months. Through these broadcasts we are becoming familiar with the whole treasure of operatic masterpieces.
Finest Symphony, Drama Every week we are treated to two concerts respectively by two of the finest symphony orchestras In the world, oneTof these directed by the greatest living conductor. Needless to say this refers ot the NBC Symphony Orchestra and the New York Philharmonic. In drama, too, we are treated very generous-
4
0
a


f
animal 1
growth ring. A
NOTES AND NEWS
Nov. 17, 9:00 p.m., CBL Actuality broadcast of a day with the Air Force ... 9:30 p.m., CBL Ballet Music program . . . Nov. 18, at 2:15, CBL, Football ... 9:00 p.m., CBL, Hockey, Detroit Red Wings vs. Toronto Maple Leafs In Toronto .. . 10:00 p.m., CBY, NBC Symphony conducted by Toscanini . . . Nov. 19, 2:30 p.m., CFRB, "So You Think You Know Musicî . . . 3:00 p.m., CFRB. N.Y. Philharmonic . . . 6:30 p.m., CBL, Review of week's new* . . . 8:00 p.m., CBL, Chase A Sanborn Hour .. .Nov. 20, 8:00 p.m. CBL, Richard Crooks, guest on the Firestone Hour . . . 9:00	p.m.,
CFRB, Cecil B. DeMUle's Radio Theatre . . . Nov. 21, 8:00 p.m., on CFRB, Ed. G. Robinson in "Big Townî ... 9:00 p.m., CBL, Malcolm and Godden . . . Nov. 22, 8:30 p.m., CBL, Serenade for Strings . .
. . 9:00 p.m., CBL. Discussion on Labour Relations . . . 10:00 p.m., CBL, Chamber Music Concert from Toronto
Edward Arnold m.c.ís Good News . ï . ; 10:00 p.m.,
Workshop.

COAT OF ARMS
appearance, dry and inclined to he brittle. Quite frequently the main tail and wing feathers have been worn of broken off. The short feathers st the base of the comb are frequently missing, giving a bald appearance, and the beak and shanks of birds of yellow-skinned varieties practically devoid of any yellow color. They appear bleached, because these individuals have been producing eggs at a rate which resulted in the placing of all the yellow pigment, obtained from their feed, in egg yolks rather than in storing it under the skin on visible body surfaces.
Handling and examination of these individuals will also reveal the desirable characteristics of width and depth of body, bright, clear eyes, and heads which have a clean-cut appearance and with beaks which are short, slightly curved, and strong.
9	Midday.
10	To love to excess.
11	Eternal.
13 Southeast 15 This land's
president 17 Wine vesset
HORIZONTAL
I Pictured is the gpp coat of arms lnFfr
our own.
talk to the worst of human creatures about the Lord Christ without casting before them the holy things of our uWn experiences.
7. Ask, and it stfail be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, snu it shall be opened unto you: 8. for every one that asketh received! ; and he that seeketh flndeth; and to him that knocked) it shall be opened. For a parallel passage Luke 11:9-18. Our Lord does not, however, guarantee to us anything at first asking. God does not open his treasury to the tap of a careless hand which just touches the door and then passes Prayer is not a momentary wish " or a transitory whim. It is the utterance of a confirmed and persistent and unwearying longing. If you want a prayer answered, you must go on praying. The Gospel is full of the kind of prayer God yields to.
9. Or what man is there of you, who, if his son shall ask him a loaf, will give him ‚ itone; 10. or if he shall ask for a fish, will give him a serpent? 11. If ye then, 0 being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much shall your Father who is in
a ¶ isim m * =3
¶awiiy ins yyine
laswid mu cueii c w
M6K MM.5! W¸l¸ Mltia
ªje aar .awi* :II3:
.ui8iiflisi=issti:ªj warn n
;´ui>]!2' :tiª: wu Mg
mail an: woisiaia'se
IIS IflMIS.UWJS m ´Hi yuª:3S ÔiwMÓi yus ties
¶ii>::iin3 -in
:<eWJBieiª>:ia´M
Of
;ijh
5 This country's capital.
S Mountains in this land.
12 Slave.
14 To implant deep.
1$ Wattle tree.
16 Gibbon.
18 Clan pole.
20	Pieces out.
21	Popular report
22	Roman emperor.
23	Compass point.
24	Incarnation of Vishnu.
25	Chaos.
26	Like a donkey. 48 Onager.
29	Monetary unit 49 Battering of Japan. gggMNMN#
30	Simpleton.
32	Slothful.
33	Myself.
are
19 It
are
rich in minerals.
SEMI ´s**ª
disturbers.
27 Frozen desserts.
34	Narrow inlet. meters.	28 Water wheel
35	Midday sleep. 53 Diversity.	29 36 inches.
37 And.	54 Animals raised 31 Nutlike seed.
39	Branch.	in this land. 33 Mountain.
40	Ribbon tie.	At	36 Clever-
42	Indefinite	VERTICAL	38 Law.
article.	3	Calls out	40 Gong.
43	Drunkard.	3 Unusual.	41 Alleged	force.
45 Greeted.	4	Employs.	42 Toward	sea..
5	Note In scale. 44 Sailor.
6	To enlighten. 46 Unprofessional
7	Pertaining to 47 Beverage.
48 Circle part 50 Musical note. 52 Lava.
HOUR
lee
V-
Thousands upon, thousands of dollars are spent weekly to give us variety entertainment, spare no expense to engage talent like that of Edgar Bergen, Jack Benny, Rudy Vallee and a host of others whose names you know as well as I do. Most of them we In
Sponsors
Nov. 23, 9:00 p.m. CBL,
on.
ï ï
CFRB, Columbia
ian of the period before 1839, where deaths of older citizens were recorded gave an average age of 32.
A large percentage of these people died of tuberculosis, he said, according to a doctor who reed accounts of their deaths. Many appeared happy and cried out on their death beds.
Too Much Salt Pork
ìPeople didnít thrive on the diet of those days,î Dr. Talman continued. ìWhat did they die of? You -caftífc raise a child on salt pork and potatoes and those were the main items of the dic£ of that period.î
Pioneer Deaths Occurred Early
Marriages In September Up
68V2 Per Cent
machine.
51	Mustelline mammal.
52	100 square
air.
8 Work of genius. ï
Our First Settlers Didnít Live To A Ripe OU AgeóTheory About Their Healthful Diet Exploded
First Month of War In Canada Showed Cupid A Busy Man
2.
PH#ó _	___
heaven give good things to them that ask him. More and more as life advances we perceive, as we cling to our ideals, how God has all the while been bringing them to a larger and nobler realization than we ever imagined.
12. All things therefore what-would that men should
Popular belief that pioneer settlers of this country lived to a ripe old age in spite of the meagre diet on which they subsisted
has been exploded by Dr. J. J. Talman, Ph D., assistant librarian at the Univei sity of Western Ontario.
Cupid and his bow and arrow did a land office business during the first month of the war, the
Dominoin disclosed at Ottawa.
"The first month of war quite evidently plunged many Canadian young people into the sea of matrimony in advance of their original intentions,î said the bureau. ìDuring September the number of marriages throughout Canada was 7,966 which was 68% per cent, more than the September
total a year ago.î
Births registered in 66 cities and towns having populations of 10,000 or more numbered 7,458 in September. Deaths were 3,935. In September, 1938, births were 7,226, deaths 4,016* and riagee 4,729;
Bureau of Statistics
Few Reached 90
ìMost deaths in pioneer days recorded at the age of one
He Avoids Dots
30
soever ye do unto you, even so do ye also unto them* for this is the law and the prophets. As Jesus came toward the close of his Sermon on the Mount, he gathered together all the social teachings of the ser-and all the social teachings of the Bible, and bound them together into the Golden Rule. The Rule is applicable to every relationship of life. Jesus expects to live by it in the home, in the school, in the community, in the social circle, in the church, in business, in industrial life, and in aational and international affairs. He expects us to practise toward all men of all classes, all races,
all creeds.
18. Enter ye in by the narrow gste: for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadwth to deatruction, and many are they that enter . in thereby. 14. h or marrow is the gate, and straightened the way, that leadest unto life, and few are they that find it Man baa the freedom to choose whether he will take the road bhat >a<L´ to everlasting life or the road that leads to destruction. The broad way is the way of our own selfish, sinful doing; the narrow way is the way that] God provided, sad in that way is Jesus Christ.
d his redeeming delivering work
for us.
were
year or leaa and the next cycle of high mortality came at the age of 18, very few reached the age of 90|î he declares.
Opinions given by the Western librarian based on findings he had made from searching of old parish registers and an average reached by pioneers was 27, he said. The same result was obtained from thre* different registers A search of the Christian Guwrd-
Eligah Sansom, 49, of Charleston, W.Va., believes in spelling names according to your handwriting ability.
Held for federal grand Jury action on a charge of operating a still, he was asked by officers if his name were not spelled ìEli-
mon
us
ìI
ìNope,î replied Sansom,
¶pell it with a V because it's easier to write."
n nr
By J. MILLAR WATT
POPóPop Shouldíve Bet
r
TELL VOU THE SCORE-
n BEFORE TT
X STARTS
I CAN
nothing-,
NOTHING !
I
I

m

l
%
L*
ill
9
I
\


ï4
z





#
AX

###PAGE###8###

mmm
Look Here
ëGreat Wall' of China
May Be Seen on Mara
The Great Wall of China is the largest defense structure Tn the world, forming a part of the northern boundary of China, and dividing , _____ fc_	^	,	#
tossLAem sr s$?$3S$Sk
is visible from Mars. It stretches | Phono 4 2. from f*|nhai)rwan (latitude 40 de-
(trees north; longitude 118 degrees, I FOR RUNT Comfortable dwelling 44 minutes east) to Kia Yu Kwan house, ´.Hunted In eaftt end Shawvllle, (longitude 98 degrees, 14 minutes modern convenienceª end garden. Apply
overlooking1 ^tee^rert NortTrihS
near Tibet. Erected by Emperor _ _______
<lrsl	B; C)\ *ho FOR SALEóOne Gelding Blood Colt
united and strengthened existing rising two year old sired by Brownie
walls, it was effective against the I Apply to Kldrid Mlk, B R. No, 9, Shaw, arrows, spears and lances of early | v,ë,e*
I times. It was, however, entered by the enemyóby Mongols in 1280 and by the Manchus in 1644. It was repaired and added to in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth centuries.
Perhaps through ignorance of China's civilization the wall was not named among the seven wonders of the ancient world, yet it surpassed them in size and significance. The Great Wall proper is about 1,700 miles long, including sinuosities; about 2,500 miles long including reinforcing arms and loops. The long- , _____ _ . _ _ ^ ,
SfML-SVLM	SSE
the largest loops are just north of ohurchcª. Apply to Mrs. Kdna Yobwc. Peiping and north of Lanchow. It | Maryland. Que. Phone 8~Ù Sbaw ville, averages 20 feet in height. It is 25 feet wide at the base; 15 feet on the pavement above, and in places level enough for motoring. A heavily tamped earthcore is faced with stone and brick within and without. The mortar still holds.
There are towers 40 feet high and spaced eight to ten to a mile from which archers could sweep the bases of adjoining walls. There are solitary watch towers at irregular
intervals outside the wall. The | FOR SA LBóGentleman's Otter Cost parapet is surmounted by merlons in good condition, size 42. Apply to and crenelles for observation.	|Mns. F. If. Muluuax, Wyman, Que.

Stanfieldís Underwear
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost ole:
EATING ami COOKING
O
This Yearís Stock at
one
%
IT#*-
. I aIUP
Last Yearís Prices
*
lied Label Combinations .
Gold Label Combinations .
Gold Label Sliiits and drawers, each $1.60 Stanfieldís All-wool Combinations...
Stanfield's All-wool Shirts and Drawers
each...........................
Heavy Fleece Combination............
We also carry a full stock of "Woodstockî and "Gutla Perchaî rubbers at lowest prices.
$3.50
$2.75

H
$

?


A
?
I
$2.00
?
?
ROOMERS WANTED - Comfortable
´mi* In central part of town. Apply R*. Hahomi Jvdu, Shaw ville, Que.
a
LOSTóSoWwhere in Shaw ville from Edgar llodglns house to Rades Store a yellow gold locket with two photos Inside on Saturday night, Nov. 11th. please leave at this office.
FOR SALEóOne rising 5 years. ,
McKee, Qnebtc.
t
to
$1.15
$1.65
?

?
;
;
Findei
ne good driving Apply to L. R.
horse.
Keon,
is the time to order your supply of these 1 í delightful, tree-ripened Canadian apples!Theyíre FRESH from Canadaís orchards . . . and theyíre at their bestótheyíre tastiestófor eating and cooking!
Serve Canadian apples often ó for the whole family to enjoy ó with meals and between meals. Theyíre rawy to cook ï ï ï simple to serve , * # and mighty appetizing. Watch everyone ask for more!
Order your Canadian apples today grade ó with confidence!
Morris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
WANTED-One
Saw. Apply to smith. Que.
good second hand Draw All bn Woods. Lady
S
buy them by
FOR SALE ó Good Yorkshire Boar,
ï ï ï
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
''N*. l,f Includes sound, handpicked apples of rood colour
*	^rrr /rom. |^aec^ pests and practically free
from disease and
ïceordlaele variety.
íëDOMESTIC*9 Include, sound. handpicked apples of fair colour for the variety end practically free from dUca.r and utber injury. The apple# are timed
>
. LOST-Lkensc Plate No. 37tiNl C ami
tall light /tnd bracket. Finder please leave at this office. Reward offered.
ml
ª
} .
I
?
according to variety.
Marketing Serrica
DOMINION DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE. OTTAWA
Monuments in Marble and Granite
S7E
BUY BY GRADE-BUY WITH CONFIDENCE
FARM WANTED to rent or work on share*. With or without stock. Applv to Wilfred Lauohrkv, Charterl* Que
Write for information on special
#
designs and prices.
Manís Scientific Studies
Offer Strange Contrasts
he seems to develop lethal weapons Shaw ville, and the desire to use them on his
mates, whilst, at the same time, he . F0R REX‡T - Comfortable dwelling
danger of death due to disease. On -----------ó________________________
the medical front of late a group of Sell What Every encouraging developments can be Household Needs !
reported, possibly as a partial offset You will earn more than a decent lir* at least to some of the gloom sur-	you join ìFamidix.î QUICK
fronts!"** thC P∞IitiCal 3nd eC∞n0miC PKAT ORDKRsT B Begtiearn .
Thf versatility of sulfanilamide catalogue jto^day.*** FAMILEX^ PRC)1 may, it appears, experience further DVCT8, 570 St. Clement, Montreal, extension through the fact that in 31 combination with a fat component of j I coconut oil it has been found to prevent the growth of tuberculosis germs in test tubes, says Technology Review. Moreover, it checks the disease from developing in guinea pigs innoculated with large doses of a human strain of the baciJ-
i< 5 ^	5 5 s £

Phone. 278
I
13
Donít Let Winter Catch You
Unprepard
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
y
a

I Jå
was a help to lier whil* she was ^ able to go. Through fuiling'henlth |D and hick ness in the tainily she had ]5 not been able to attend lately.
Elmside Women's Institute Make Presentations
Install a New
and
O
The Elmside Womenís Institute held their November meeting at the home of Mrs. James Campbell.
The meeting was an open one and several men were present. Papers were read by Miss S. I
*
RE

13
BEACH RAHCE HOW !
X
\
C
X
s
Dies When Struck By Failing Tree
x
g
ß
Here is the new "Beau-chefî,
range, the finest money can buy.
aKtw &r*. i
from a fractured skull, suffered when he was struck by the branch of a falling tree Wedne?day£at Schyan, Que.
Laporie was working at the lumber camp of Thomas Me Cool.
He was rushed miles to the Pembroke hospital were he was treated by Dr. W. L. iHigginson.
He never regained consciousness lie was bom at Campbell's Hay, son of Mrs. G Gallon and the late Maxine Laporie, and lived there all bis life. He is survived by his wife and his mother.
The body was taken to Camp
bell s Hay, where the funeral was | Rainbow's Phenomenon held from his late home to St John the Evangelist church. Hev.
Father McNally sang requiem high The Indians of the Southwest are | mas?. Himal was made in the *aid to hold the rainbow in abher-parish cemetery.	cr.ee because U is supposed to be
responsible for drouths. Local traditions ascribe other misdeeds to the rainbow. It is said to blight the rrops it touches and to bring misA large attendance has been pre- fortune to the inmates of a house sent each night of last week and	over which it is seen.	Another idea
the beginning of this week at the	s that if one points	at a rainbow,
preaching mission in the United	his finger will be cut	off or he will
Church.	oe struck by lightning. In France
I-ast week Rgv. A. b. Pokes and elsewhere children have rhymes
cttton ^f Firstël'nit ed^Church >and charms for driving aWay rain' ... I t	,	... spoke Thursday and Friday. The
¶¶W e wish yon to accept these small j pastor was the preacher on Mon tokens of our appreciation of your active day and Tuesday ; but on Wed-interest in the Association both as nesday. Friday and Sunday nights President for many years and as workers,	the message will be given by Rev.	.	_	__
willing to	do	anything	to	"further	the	T. A. Woods, of Ashton, Ont, for	***>'; the Norwegians,	a jug and a
work of the cause.	many years travelling evangelist sP∞on- ëRainbow gold is not whol-
In closing we all wish you many years of t ha Presbyterian Church.	jy mythical. In Germany the wash-
of happiness in the new home to which K*ch service begins at 7.45 with *n6 ∞f the soil by a rainstorm some* you arc going.	´ bright song service, using as a times has brought to light curious
Signed on behalf of the W.A. hymnal "Redemption Songi.î An gold and silver coins of pre-Roman
Mrs A A Rose i '"citation is extend to all the origin, known as "Regenbogen-1=	*	í community to attend these in schusselchen" (rainbow dishes)
Mrs. Carson and Ruby booh spirittional services.	which popular tradition has identi-
thanked the ladies in a very fitting	?	ó	fied with the buried rainbow treas-
manner and spoke of their regret	Old Shells Recovered	ure. There are two distinct explana-
at leaving but hoped they would Unexploded shells are still being tions of the old proverb rainbow
uiamautia sss
Mrs. Alfred Armstrong presented them is still actively operating with mg or depositing the ram are oppo-Mre. J. P. Carson with * beautiful Quarters in Coucy-le-Chateau near site to the sun; in the evening the wool blanket on behalf of the the emplacement pf the "Big Ber- rainbow is in the east and in the Sunday School accompanied by tha,î which shelled Paris. Besides I morning in the west, and as our the following addiess :	j doing its own hunting, the company heavy rains are usually brought by
is informed of the accidental finding the westerly wind, a rainbow in the of shells. It sends its special trucks, west indicates that the bad weather
c .	0 .	, .	...	. .. , fitted for handling explosives, and is on the road by the wind to us;
Sunday School, learn with regret that ghejj ig	exploding	whereas the rainbow in the east
you are about to move fiom our midst, gj.oun<j has responded to 4,320 proves that the rain in these clouds
we ask you to accept th.s email gift as rcp0I^8 0f found shells, which have is passing from us. The other ex
our appreciation of the work you havt* Jed to its trucks bringing in 1,450,000 planation is:	A morning rainbpw
done in oar Sunday acbool m the past ^ns of "duds." During the same means that the air is rather humid
ir4fíe‚re-	_	I period it has destroyed where they and a continuance of ram during
Austin Sunday School were found over 167,000 tons of the day is likely, since the small
Although completely taken by shells considered non-transportable, amount of diurnal convection that t surprise Hr* Carton thanked th m And still undestroyed at its two could have occurred so early in the all end aaid *h* wlwnyn loved the fields are 236,794 tons of shells. The (day has sufficed to produce a Stinday school Work and felt it company has not lost a man.
ß
an outstanding
o
Wilsonís Garage
D Campbell to Mrs Murray and Miss S. I. Campbell for services rendered the branch, A purse containing a silver dollar was given Miss Campbell by Mrs. Angus, and a portfolio to Mrs. Murray by Mrs. H. I. Smith. Both ladies acknowledged their gifts in suitable terms.
Tea was set ved by the hostess, assisted by Mrs. W. 1). Campbell and Mrs. Fred Thomas.
?
The Same Reliable Service
*3
X
X
Let Us Fill Your Requirements
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
lus.
X
i
Drs. M. L. Crossley, E. H. North* ty and M. E. Hultquist, reporting their work to the American Chemical society, emphasized the fact that thus far they have been cerned only with animals and that no conclusion is as yet permissible regarding the efficacy of the compound in the treatment of disease in man. The tubercle bacillus wears a wax armor plate which the new drug is able to penetrate. The bacillus of leprosy likewise is sheathed in a waxy coating; it is hoped that the new chemical may prove efficacious against this foe also.
Wilmer H. Hodgins
s
Ford Service
con-
Phone, 20-18.
Shawville, Que.
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
Presentation Made Mrs. J. P. Carson And Miss Ruby Carson
/I/,/,z
To
new
J. P. x Wilson
Poultry Wanted
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
The Austin Women's Associa tion met at the home of Mrs. J. P. Carson for the November meeting, after the devotional exercises and the business meeting the Sec re ta ry, Mrs. A. A. Rose read the following address to Mrs. Carson and Miss Ruby Carson and presented Mrs. Carson with a substantial sum of money and Ruby with a pair of pillow cases :
Dear Mrs. Carson and Ruby
We, the members of the Austin Women's Astociation, arc taking this opportunity of expressing our heartfelt regret at your leaving our immediate community.
Basis for Many Legends
Shawville Egg and Poultry As fiociation will receive live dressed poultry on Tuesday of each week until 4.00 p m. particulars apply to
and
For further
United Church Preaching Mission
Tenders Wanted
B T. STARK
Tenders will be received by the undersigned Secretary-Treasurer up until December Mb, 1930, for body hardwood for all Rural Schools. Wood to consist of hard maple, yellow birch and beech,
2	feet long ; also wood for Shawville High School to be of the same quality,
3	feet long.
The lowest or any tender will net
Phone, 9 7
Manager.
Fur Pelts Wanted
b
?
\
I wish to announce to the public that I am in the market for all kinds of Seasonable Fur Pelts and
FOR SALE
. For immediate shipment only and subject to prior sale 1 .GOOsheeU *
Galvanised Steel Roofing.
EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd. 1335 Delorlmler Avenue
Montreal, Quebec
Various things besides the proverbial pot of gold are said to be found at the foot of the rainbow. The Irish say a gold watch is buried there; the Greeks, a gold
bows.
TITE LAP í
assure highest market prices.
NORRIS R. HORNER, | neccwarily be accepted. Licensed Fur Dealer,
J. A. DEAN, Secretary-Treasurer
Phone 43.
Shawville, Que.
NOTICE
?
From ibis date all accounts outstanding in connection with the service of the Hackney Stallion, Dainty Prince Gªorge, mnst be paid to the owner. Other person* are not authorized to make collections.
By order of the owner,
W. H tBROWN, !œi8*il…Sll Ont.
©UR"NEEDS... YOUR OBLIGATIONS

ï ïï
Near the close of the year there are hundreds of subscriptions due The Equity, and it is a time also when the publisher is called upon to meet the heaviest ' demands of the twelve month period. We have been anticipating that with the harvest returns this money would come in, and have not finked for it sooner. At this time we ap|>eal to all subscribers in arrears to give a little thought to their obligations in this respect, and earnestly request them to meet without delay the whole or part of their indebtedness, hundreds of these small accounts and the aggregate amount, if received, would be of much service to Please resolve to Pay Today, we can't somehow get along without the use of money.
November 15, 1939.

Cemetery Donations
Dr. D. J Campbell, treasurer of the Cemetery Improvement Fund, acknowledges with thanks the following additional contributions :ó
'Shawville Womenís Institute
David T. Hod gins,.....
Frank McCleary
Dear Mrs. Carson :
We, the members of the Austin
>'
ï10 00
We have
8 00
8 00
I 8 ï #######
n*.
Photographe of the children become increasingly precious with passing years. They, too, in later years, will appreciate ibe record of their childhood. The ap-nmpriate gift. Christmas special ó´ two extra photos with each dozen
THE EQUITY

shower.










