###PAGE###1###


r - ,

m wm
w
* /.
w


9*\

£

n
No 4, 57m Ykab
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC
COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY,
JULY 13, 1939
fl.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United States
I
sasssrw ssr
GEORGES CARON |GOWLING
BUSINESS COLLEGE

#. A., », C. L.
Shawville Hardware
Advocate, Barrister
||pî$ Al Campbell9* Bay
F,U”-	¦“	|Corner Bulk and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
Clarendon Women’* Institute The anniversary will hold their regular meeting at Hiistol Memorial Presbyterian the home of Mrs. W. D. Hodgine Church will be held on Sunday, on Wednesday afternoon, July July lttth. Services at 11 a. m..
19th, at 2 80 o'clock. Program and 8 00 p. m. Special soloist*,
Rev. A. P Pokes will give an ad Mr*. W. M. Drummond, of Guelph,	W# G. CHISNELL
dress on National Éventa. Roll and Mr. Joe. Russell, of Montreal. n ...	.
call—A Canadian beauty spot.	The annual social will be held Public Auctioneer
cCaCaftA	Bm"m Superior Court
program. Admission, 85 and 25
cents.
service* of
Seasonable
Requirements
Tins old reliable school ha* removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
Elk Hotel at Bryson Destroyed by Fire
District Ptnt&te
a
SHAWVILL B _ QUE.
The Elk Hotel at Bryson was com
with I Election et School Commissioner*
jiletely destroyed ^by
morning. The exact cause of the fire is unknown. Mr. T. J. Mooi-beed, the owner was absent at the
tesi«tfSMsrtsi5S3S3ecBg
the only occupant J
W. E. COWUSC, Rrsetdest
DIED
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
all
Fishing Tackle Fly Repellents
Screen Doors, Window Screens Spring Hinges, Calv’d Screen Wire Garden Spades, Shovels, Hoes, Forks Lawn Mowers, Grass Shears, Broom Rakes
Only 61 ballots were poled in Smart — At her late reeldencr,
Monday, election for Commission- Stark's Corner*, Que., on Tnea-.	___
esrd Si. VSSïïJSiï'Si 881 JAMBa *• MILLAR
I year.— Funeral on Thursday afternoon, 13tb lout * at two Smiley. While the ballot paper o’clock, from the late home to called for the election of two, Shaw ville United Church and | *29 Main St., several votes were cast for one I Village cemetery, candidate only, The result of the poll was.	Ill
Rev. T. E. R Nurse.
Rex ford Wilson....
Vertel Smiley..
iFSÉSæeBSks
»
B. A
LL.L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
e e
covered by insurance.
Hull,Que.
AlPoetâacHouse, Shawville,
Wednesday afternoon.
At Moyle’» Hotel, Cempbell’sBey, every Wednesday morning.
every

MARRIED
The monthly meeting of1 St.
Andrew's W.M.S., Bristol, was held in the church, July 5th, with seven members and four visitors
by singing of Hymn, ' Stand Up Bervioe At United Choreh
Scripture^ lesson, Romans 8.1:17 Pontiac Orangemen held their took place at 2 80 o clock was read responsively, this was *Boaa! chmyh parade on Sunday Margaret <»ille*i)ie Brough, da»igh
gtïE3	&£%&.1teg	»h*w»iu«. .««.
read and approved.	where service was conducted by Simons, of Thetford Mines, Que.. |Oepicr - in the G. F. Hodgins Building
Mrs. Murray reported receiving the pastor, Rev. A. F. Pokes, who J9.n °*	i\ °£ on*I Main Street^Qae.
a letter of appreciation from Mrs delivered an appropriate and ira-	*nd. the late I). A Simons.
Curtis for donations sent toward pwjs*ive address.	Tbe1lMtar9 **ev# ^	** Nnrse
the Bale, also that one of the quilts I The parade was under the dir °HjC *?» n s * ^ v a had been sold. It was the wish of ection of county marshall, Harold ,^r P*	Verdun,
the meeting, that the other quilt Reyes, and the county director of P1*^1 .^be wedding music and be left with Mrs. Bally at the Post ceremonies, Edison Brown, and dur<DfiAe	the register.
Office, Norway Bay, to be sold and was headed by Shawville Boys’ Mis. yf. E N. Hodgins, ot Ottawa,
that the August meeting be die- B*nd, conducted by Mr. W. Orrais- 9aJip* Rwcamw?. pen*ed with	ton.	The bride was given in marriage
Mrs Pallia then gave an inter All County L O. L., O Y. B , ^	*nd «a attended
eating and vivid picture of the *nd L. O. B. A. lodges were repie ÿ her sisters,* Mia Florian Refugee Problem, and Mbs Grace ted, including Shawville Black Brough, ol OtUwa, and Miss Lu-McKechnle read an article entitled Prec®Ptory, and O Y. B., No. 99,	Brough, ot Shawville, as
“What can we do about	the pro	I °f Wakefield, with their pipe bridesmaids. Mr. Stanley J.
blem ? '	band,	Briggs, of Thetford Mines, was
The roll call was in the form of I _ During the service Mrs. Edgar ‘“An. the n8*?e!£. a queetionaire on the Refugee Hodgins presided at the organ and JJr Me» mt iharo. ot Thetford Problem, with Mrs. Murray as Mbs Kathleen Woodley sang a Mines, and Mr. Norris Brough, a leader.	leolo.. Grand Chaplain, Rev. L. brother of the bride
In reporting the Sectional meet Emard, of Otter Lake, rea l the White silk net over taffeta was
K&'B.KSjKUSaJSS!.
speakers, Miss,. Lindsay from gonr, acted as ushers and took np and fis 11 d very full at the hemline,
Japan, and Mr*. NicboJ, formally the collection.	wMtnmmed with a wide niclnn*
of Indiii	Reforming after e-rvice the par- of. *» red net. The same trim
Meeting closed by singing of «de continued for	several blocks	mlng outlined the bodice of the
hymn, “In Christ there is no East before returning	to the lodge	*own» which was held In. place
or West," and	with	prayer by	room.	over the shoulders with tiny
Mrs Pm ill w	taffeta shoulder straps. She wore
a fitted jacket, the mgSTneckline
of which had a narrow roll collar Matters dealt with by correspondence of taffeta, finished with three perk taffeta bows. The short sleeves were full and puffed. A head-,	mewe
MÊÊHÊÊKÊÊÊÊK^ÊKÊÊ -,	dre*s of sweep peas with a finger H MILLER WALLACE
The death occurred on Sunday I. Longratiijations	are being ex-	tip length veil was worn, and she	AVorxT	n.DD.CTrD
morning, July 9th, of Mr George tended to Miss Lois	Hnyes, daugh-	carried a bouquet of sweet peas	avulat - BARRISTER
Allan Smith, head of Smith Bros, of Mr and Mrs. W. J. Hayes, and lily of-the-valley.	1SS MAIN STREET	phone •..##
Lumber Firm, at his home in was successful in passing with The bridesmaids’ gowns . were	„TT1 T	_
Campbell's Bay. Mr. Smith was h,**J standing the advanced senior) fashioned alike. Miss Florian was	HULL,	QUEBEC
Born at Yarm, in the township **”5*™°° Conservatory of Music, allegro bine silk net over taffeta. I eve,7 Tuesday from	2.00 to 4 30 p m.
iKoSSafthTi-B.-'jjf &Mite	of pijssakTSd ssî. s I a. *....= Hw. s....,».
the late Mary Ebert Mr, Smith,	-----?----- lines. The short puffed
with his father and brothers, first L,.	.	_	__	and the waistlines were tiimined
moved to Lawless Lake, Que., and Thunderstorms Cause Much with insets of Chantilly lace jnd
operated a sawmill. After this I Damage in District	the full floor-length skirts were
they moved to Long Lake, in the	—	banded with mohair. Miss Florian
township of Litchfield, where they Thunderstorms passing over this wore a wide brimmed blue Imt carried on their lumber business district Friday and Sunday even* and Miss Lucille’s hat was a pic for many years Moving to Camp iugs caused much damage and dis- tu re hat in pastel pink. Bouquets bell's Bay 28 years ago, they pur- | rupted telephone and electric ser- °f delphinium and roses were chased the mill and business of I vice.	carried.
McMaster and Wallace and have In Thorne towpship on Friday Mrs, Brough, mother of the operated it ever since, under the « f«rm dwelling owned by Mr. F. bride, was wearing a Queen's blue . firm name of Smith Bros.	W. Schwartz, of Ladysmith, and	sheer dress, a navy blue model	hat
The late Mr. Smith was interest-	occupied by a Mr. Fleury	and his	and a coi nage of roses,
ed in the affairs of the village, family, was struck by lightning | Mrs. Simons, mother of the For 26 years he was a member of	*nd completely destroyed	with all	groom, had chosen a gown	of
the village council and for many	its contents. Mrs. Fleury	and her	Regina blue crepe, with which	she
years he acted as pro mayor but two children, who were in the wore a smart navy blue hat and a never aspired to the mayors ofti te. house escaped injury, but were corsage of roses. .
He was for many years president unable to summon aid soon enough Following the ceremony a recep of the (JampbelVs Bay Rural Tele U'O check the fire, which spread tion was held at the home of the phone Co., and of the Campbell's quickly from the roof. The dam brides parents. Later Mr. and Bay Water Co. For several terms age is estimated at $1,800 with no Mrs. Simons left on a short motor
he wa9 a member of the Protestant insurance. Wra. Thrun, of Thorne, trip and will sail from Montreal
School Board. He was also « lost a horse during this storm. to New York on the Dutchess of member of the Canadian Lumber In Clarendon township about Atholl. For travelling the bride men's Association and a devoted the same time a straw stack own- wore a beige light wool suit, a member of the Holiness Movement ed by Thomas Harris, of Starks green suede hat and green suede church.	Corners, was struck and	destroy»	accessories
He is survived by his	wife,	for	%d. Mr. Harris succeeded in sav They will reside	at	Thetford
raerly Caroline Ebert,	.one	son,	in* his granary and its	contents	Mines, Quebec.
Hillis Smith, one daughter,	Mrs.	by pulling it away from	the fire Out-of-town guests	included	Mr.
Allan Carey, both of Campbell's with a tractor. A strong wind ac *nd Mrs. A. 8. Johnson and family.
Bay ; three sisters. Mrs. John eompanying the storm blew over Mr. and Mrs 8. J. Briggs, Mr and Brown of Smiths Falls, Ont ; Mrs. » feilo on the farm of fas McCredie Mrs L. C. Pbaro. all of Thetford George Ebert and Mrs. Robert in Bristol, and displaced silos at Mines ; Miss Edith Belyea, of Hawthorne, both of Vancouver, Harold Hudgins* and Hazelwood Ayers Cliff ; Mrs. A. Elliott, of B.C ; one brother, Matthew Smith Elliott’s near Shawville.	Potsdam, N Y ; Mr Claude Shaw,
of Campbell's Bay.	Sunday evening's storm, which Mrs. H. Cole, Miss Isabel Kenney,
The funeral was held from the reached cyclonic proportions, no- Mis* Helen Campbell, Mi*s Eleanor late residence of the deceased on Icompanied by hail and rain, blew Farquharaon, Mr, and Mrs. A. C I Tuesday afternoon, and warn one over a barn owned by Vincent Farqnhirson, Mr. and Mrs. C E. of the largest ever witnessed in Hudgins, displaced the summer McMonagle, Mr. ami Mrs. John G. the district. Service was conduct* kitchen at Geo. Brown’s about 200 Elliott and daughter. Helen, Miss ed by the pastor, Rev. M. U. Prit feet, *nd collapsed a machine shed Esther Skuce, all of Ottawa ; Miss chard, who was assisted by Rev. on the farm of Thomas Harris, Phyllis Laing, of Montreal; Mr.
A. Moore, of Carle ton Place, and smashed windows of the home of and Mrs. Cedric Shaw, of Brant-several ministers of this district. m. Welch, the driveshed at the ford, Ont.
During the service a duet wa9 Baptist Bhurch was toppled over sung by Mrs Asa Smith and Miss causing slight damage to a motor Edna Chisnell.	truck. In this Starks Cor
Interment was* made in the net s section also many trees were Union cemetery.	T blown across the road and tele-
The pall bearers were, Messrs, phone lines, and Wesley Palmer Geo. M. Smith, Allan Smith. Cha#. lost ft number of young apple Ouelette, George Wilson, Prosper 1 trees Crop damage was reported . Asselin and Percy F Smith.	&s slight.

54
• 9 •
88

• • • •
17

Simons—Brough
####*#
A profusion of delphinium, glad-
Z'LX	harland o. rowat
afternoon, when the marriage
of Miss
i
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGillVnleereity
||| Est. C. J. Caldwell
r
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Barrister. Solicitor, etc,
Officb : Campbell’s Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
Advocate.
Ladies’ Cool Togs
Sportwear
CLINTON H. DOWD
LL. B. 0 C.L. Advocate, Barrister, etc.
Main Street . -
Phone, Sher. 1354
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e ery Friday evening.
Hull, Que.
ing
mention
ONAT Le GUERRIER
v ¦•A., LL. I,.
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Branch et Quyon ; will call any Monday on request.
SLACKS
#
A >
New smart patterns, colour combinations, Navy andj White Brown and Orange. Cool Comfortable wear Ladies’ sizes, 14 to 20 Childrens,
Mine Loin Haye»
Take» High Mark» I» Senior Grade Pianoforte
Mr George Allan Smith
Smith Brothers
$1.00
8 to 14
{
SHORTS
Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m
sleeves
New Broadcloth Shorts. Snapy Navy and White and all White Styles, per pair
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
>
4
85 cts. and $1.00
I»
MONTREAL, ;QUE.
i
PLATEAU 63 8 •

DQ. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
SPECIAL STREET FROCKS

1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE
Voils and Prints. New Floral Patterns, Paisleys, Stripes and	j
Checks.”[See the new sensa-	I
tion.. "Gone with The Wind ’ I
BELAID 3*|7
D. J. CAMPBELL
i
•i
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
$1.49 and $1.95
Phone SI.
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
f
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University
Post Graduate Work in Detroit and
New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC Phone 19
At Campbell's Bay from Friday night to Monday nigh of each week.
Bathing Suits - Head Ties - Sport Hats
Halter Tops
t
:c

in
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
Cedar SHINGLES-A full stoc k of I Eye, Ear, Noe# e»d Threat Specialist
EaNew BruiMMËflMiBBbiHHHHlHHÜHiHi
on hand. R. A. GRANT, Bristol.
| , •	. g \ri >‘i	^ i" - ¦'	.
Good time anenred to everybody »t St. Edward's Gaiden Party,
Bristol, Wednesday, July 2kh.
mydical »»re euiLOiwe
Shawville
Quebec
OTTAWA. - ONT.
www, 1-7M1

T
###PAGE###2###

SCOUTING
" Il DOES lilt, good in e pipe I "
“White Rajah” Holds Family Reunion In London
J HANOr «EAL-TIOHT POUCH .1U
r V44.I. "LOK-TOP- TIN - Me •bojMcIrtd in Potktt Tins
The establishment of Boy Scout Troops in the elementary schools of Ontario, and a recognition of them Nas an integral part of the educational development of out boys" is suggested in a resolution at the recent convention of Urban School Trustees in Ottawa.
The construction of a stout bicycle out of the parts of three old wheels, and the cycling of 620 miles in l] days, was the example of ingenuity and stamina given by Scout Bill Moncur, of Thorp-dale, Gippeland, Australia. His purpose was to attend the Scout Jamboree at Sydney. The hardy Scout cyclist carried full Scout hiking kit, including blankets and Scout staves and most of his grub. On the return journey he was delayed two days by bush fires, so required 8 days to cover the COO miles back home.




h
b
m
?
k
A
D
A






Fi


ffi

«
e
rn


X

Provide For Pels When On Holiday
slonately fond of horses they spend all their out-of-school time hanging about a livery stable, they earn a dime for helping clean up the place. They salvaged a rusty mower and a pair of old shears from a rubbish heap and, according to the N.W.À. worker, they spend
many WÊÊlÊÊÊtÊtÊltÊÊÊÊtÊÊÊM
door trying to earn enough money
to buy a trip to the country.
"Please don't send us to a town. We want to go to a farm where we can help gather the eggs and look after the horses," they insisted. All the workers at the Country Home office could do was to take their names
them first chance if an Invitation arrived from a kindly farmer's wife within a radius of 150 miles from Toronto. •
Tom and Joe are only two on the long list of youngsters who are all longing for the chance to see green fields, cows, flowers and the scores of sights never witnessed in the crowded downtown areas. Letters of Invitation should state clearly how many children are Invited, the ages and sex desired and complete travelling directions. Transportation is paid by the N.W.A. and the children are medically examined before leaving town, should be sent to the Neighbourhood Workers' Association, 22 Wellesley Street, Toron o.
big


Sometimes



Abandoning a cat or dog or any other pet la a criminal offence punishable with a fine of $500 and possible imprisonment, J. M. Wilson, Toronto Humane Society official, said last week. Wilson condemned "unfeeling citizens who abandon their pete when they go away for the summer." '
Toronto Humane Society has obtained convictions against such
"and if we find the owner we make it our business to sei he pays the penalty."

f »


m
hours going from door to




Canadian Indian boys like to be Scouts.
young "braves" have been registered in Ontario. They are the 1st Spanish Troop, composed of lads of the Indian Residential School at Spanish, on the north channel of Georgian Bay, and the 1st Tyendinaga Troop of boys from several Indian day schools of the Tyendinaga Reservation on the Bay of Quinte. The two leaders of the Tyendinaga Troop are young Mohawk Indians.
The planting of the first 50,000 trees of a new "King's Forest" near Holly, Ont, was one of the important Boy Scout events of May 20th, the King's official birthday. The trees were planted under the direction of Arthur Herbert Richardson of the Ontario Forestry Branch, as part of the programme of the Tenth Annual Scout Forestry Camp at Angus. Some 45,000 trees also were planted in the now well established Boy Scout Forest at Angus, bringing the total stand of trees in this project to some 750,000. The work was done by 147 selected Scouts coming from all parts of the province. There is keen competition to attend the camps, notwithstanding that each young forester must cover his own expenses, including the week-end camp fee.


Two new troops of
For the first time in many months, the colorful family of Sir Charles Vyner Brooke, white rajah of Sarawak, lea a get-together and the camera duly records the event for posterity. LEFT to RIGHT are Mrs. Bob Gregory, better known in the U S. as Princess Baba, daughter; Mrs. Harry Roy, another daughter: the white rajah Mueelf; Lady Vyner Brooke, his wife, and Lady Inchcape, daughter. They were reunited at the annual dine of the Sarawak association in London recently.

V3
Mr. Wilson said, adding,
and address and promise
"The same as yours," replied the man in the chair."
"But how do you know my opinion T" inquired the startled barber.
“I don't," admitted the man, "but you have the razor.”
Modern Ideas For Cupboards
What Science
Have You Heaid
m
IS
If You’re Linen Proud, Try Out A Few of These Suggestions
Doing
"Are you a good carpenter?”
"Yes."
"Then how do yon make m Venetian blind T*'
"Stick your finger in
*
*
For anybody who has inherited a real linen pride there are soma revolutionary ideas for linen cupboards that will make it all much worth being proud of!
Most of the usual old linen cupboards have plain rows of slatted shelves, with no division or distinction for the different pieces of linen. it was only the patience ac 1 the of the old-fashioned house-
TO EXPLORE OCEAN Scientists seeking to learn how seas and continents are formed will start exploring 4,600,000 square miles of the Pacific Ocean in September.
The expedition, formed by the National Geographic Society and the University of Virginia will explore the area that lies between the Hawallian Islands and Australia and New Zealand.
A lady went into a butcher's mmd asked for a pound of filet of
beef
his
Inquiries
•ye."
The butcher cut it off. "There yen are, ma’am, just 14 ounces."
But the lady said, "No, I want a pound exactly. It's for an important dish at an important luncheon."
The butcher cut off a bigger •hunk "Eighteen ounces. That all right, ma’am?"
"No," said the lady—and she was a rich and valued customer— "No, I want you to cut me off a pound, no more and no less.”
"Oh," groaned the butcher, aa ho took up his knife again, “you aad your pound of flesh! Why, yem’re a regular Shylock Holmes."
Modern
Etiquette
How Can I?
care
wives that kept the linen cupboard from complete disorder, longer have so much time to spare, so the slatted shelves hare partitions, And there are little name discs on the front of each partition to show what Is to bf kept 1» them.
Painted Cempietely White Instead of having to «U.ggle with drawer papers on the shelves have the entire inside of the cupboard, shelves and all, pa nted with white enamel paint. then there need be nt> aggravating pap-pers that get crumpled or fall down when the bottom sheet Is pulled out. And the shelves can be kept clean with a sponge and warm
BY ROBERTA LEE
We no
BV ANNE ASHI EV
1.	—When a girl has been introduced to a young man, and is leaving him, may she say that she ia glad to have met him?
2.	—When playing tennis, should the receiver run after the first ball served, if it is wide, or await the second ball?
3.	—Does a bridegroom usually give his bride a wedding gift?
4.	—What should a hostess do if one of her guests brings up a subject that she believes should not be discussed for some certain reason?
5.	—When a woman stops at a restaurant table where a girl is dining with some friends, is it necessary for her to introduce this woman to her companions?
6.	—Isn't it poor taste for adults to wear shorts on a city street?
NEW DRUG SMOTHERS GERMS
It has now been discovered the new drug, sulfanilamide, smothers disease germs In the human body.
Sulfanilamide, made from a red dye and first used as a medicine in 1936. has been this century's chief medical sensation. Successively It has become the best medicine for blood-poisoning, pneumonia, meningitis, erysipelas and a dozen other diseases.
Q.—How can I launder a garment of brush wool?
A.—Make a suds of pure flakes and warm water. Squeeze the garment in the sods, changing the water frequently. Rinse thoroughly, adding a few soap flakes to the last rinsing. Spread out flat to dry, turning the garment when one side is dry.
Q.—How. can I add a few pounds when slightly underweight?
A.—Olive oil is excellent for this purpose; and to make it more palatable try adding a pinch of salt to a wine-glass of the oil.
Q.—How can I make a flaky piecrust?
A.—Pie crust, in which a half teaspoonful of baking powder is added to every cup of flour, will be unusually light and flaky.
Invite A Child From The City
wo
"Professor! Professor !" "Well, what is itr*
"There is a burglar ii the library."
"Deer kg?"
To Holiday With You On The
From
The Slum Districts Are Dying to Get A Taste of The Country
F
Youngsters
. What ie he reed-
A RAY THAT SPLITS ATOMS
An extremely high power atom smashing ray which may bring science closer to the mastery of boundless energy was put Into use last week at the University of California.
The machine produces a 19,000,000-volt Deuteron beam, the ‘most powerful ever made by man.
One of the recent advances In this field has been the disintegration of a form of uranium, the heaviest stable element, with a resultant terrific release of atomic power. By using relatively low voltage rays, sometimes not more than 400,000, experimenters have been able to cause uranium atoms to explode with energies as ‘high as 200,000.00 volte.
4

soapy water.
"On our honor we'll be good if you'll send us to a farm!” was the solemn declaration made by two young brothers around the ten year mark, as they stood in the office of the Country Home Department of the Neighborhood Workers Association, pleading to be sent to the country for a vacation.
The lads live on a narrow downtown street. Because they are pas-
"Ah me,” sighed the gossipy female boarder, "one half of the Id does not know how the other half lives."
"Oh, well, don't worry about growled the old bachelor at the foot of the table. "It isn’t year fault if it doesn’t know."
This
uZZrsecf
Stop*Itch
ËH
sed ether
It is the man’s place to say "I hope 1 shall see you again," or some such expression, to which she may reply, "Thank
mmmmm
standing, and await the second ball. 3.—Yes; it is customary for him to give her a gift of jewelry. 4.—Adroitly change the subject as quickly as possible, without doing so too abruptly. 6.— No, it is not necessary. 6.—Yes, it is decidedly poor taste.
1.—No.
i trh i dm. Ue trial bottle p rear dnittwt today for
O. D.
"Why did you
fellow back for cold cream? He’ll never
Me:
2.—He should remain
Classified..
Advertising
1

H Alt V CHICKS
She: "I only wanted to got
MAItltY—HtJNDItKDS TO CHUU8S Many with means. Farm-
Widows with Particular» 10a Contins 128 Calgary. Al-
QUALITY
breeders.
JULY SALE OF HIGH Chicks from bloodtested White Leghorns «He; 90% Pullets 13c: Barred Rocks $3 95;	90%
Pullets $9.96:	New Hampshire
Reds $7.96: 90% Pullets $10.45: Cockerels Leghorns Sc:	Barred
Rocks, New Hampshire Reds 6Wc. Large Egg Quality add lc per chick. Bigger Profit Quality add 2c. Will ship C.O.D. Prompt delivery. Top Notch Chlckerles. Guelph
from, era' daughters. Property, fldentlal btrta.
o
The barber was dark and swarthy, his eyes black and sparkling. It was evident that he was descended from Latin stock.
"What do you think of the Italian situation ?” he inquired of the easterner. "What is your opinion sf Mussolini?”
News More Vital Than Ever Before
People Living in World of Today Turn to Newspaper For Interpretation, Advice, Entertainment
QUIT niUAOXJ HNUKK. EAtolLÏ. Ineapensively. Home remedy. Tea-
Guaranteed.	...
FILMS DEVELOPED
One of the chief items which Nazi Germany markets by the carload to the other barter states is aspirin tablets.
Advice
tlmoulalMBMBi ¦ free Bari lei r# no* I. Winnipeg
ONE MONTH ONLY. INTRODUCtory offer, 8x10 enlargement, with every order. Roll developed and eight prints. Reprints 10 prints. Send order, advertisement and thirty cents. Mail order department, Graphic Film Servllce. 247V6 Dun d a a St.. London. Ont. Established 1920
WHY SUFFER FROM ACID INDIgestion. Heartburn. Oaa. Take "Arma Antacid Tablet»" for quick relief. 35c box. 3 boxes $1.00.— Arms Product», 2159 Oxford Ave., Montreal. Que.
CHICKS SUPPLIED COD. ANYwhere on one day's notice. Phone, wire or write your order. Grade A Barred Rocks, White Rocks, New Hampshire Reds.
90% Pullets $8.00
leghorns $8.45;
Cockerels $3.00.
Grade the kind that weigh two pounds per hundred more Heavy Breeds $10.96:	Pullets
Cockerels $9.00. Leghorns $10.46; Pullets $19.90. Four week old pullets and older. Three week old capons. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries, Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
These Three Stole The Show At Big Palace Wedding
Hybrids $8.95;
lll||||||||||||||||||||$ 12.7 5 ; Cockerels
Brown Leghorns, White
Pullets $16.76; Extra Profit
IF YOU WANT AN AFFECTIONate romantic sweetheart, with money, write:	Mary Lee, 445-0,
Rolla, Missouri.___________________
FOR SALE
k
f.
The constant "hunger for news” Is part of North America’s history, T. G. Vacher, National representative of the Canadian Daily Newspapers’ Association Bureau of Advertising, told a group of advertising men at Montreal recently.
Mr. Vacher said that today news Is more vital than ever before and affects everyone in the nation but people turn to their newspapers for than the bare news of the day. They turn to it for Interpretation, for pictures, for advice, entertainment and Instruction.

»
CREPE-TEX BATHING SUITS $2. Caps 36c, postpaid. Red. White, and Canary. Send for catalogue, capes, rubber sundries. Ray Baldwin. Merlin. Ontario.

x
PIANOS CHEAP
1
$15.90;
IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN A good renewed piano at a bargain price write for descriptive Hats with prices, forwarded free on request. Helntxman and C).	196
Yonge Street, Toronto. ____________
(FREE SUIT)
"AMAZING OFFER —.FREE SUIT Would you like a genuine $35 Retail Value Made to Measure suit absolutely free for only a little of your spare time? Write today for full details. The Hudson Company, Libella Bldg- Montreal."
ibt
IjOOK AT THESE PRICES FOR Government Approved Chicks from blood-tested breeders. Standard Quality Leghorn# $6.95: Barred Rocks $7.45; New Hampshire Reds, White Rocks, Hybrids $8.25; 90% Pullets. Leghorns $13.90; Barred Rocks $10.45: Reds. White Rocks, Hybrida $10.95; Cockerels, Leghorn» $3.00; Heavy Breeds at 644c. Big Egg Quality add one cent. Extra Select, add two cents. Prompt delivery. Baden Electric r*h!ck Hatchery. Limited. Baden, Ontario.
f
PLANT# FOlt SALE
DANISH HALLHEAO, GLORY CABbage Plants 1.000	$2.50;	10.008
$20.00; Snowball Cauliflower, l.Oto $3.25; 10,000 $27.50. Prepaid Peter Lugtlgheld, Blenheim. Ontarto.
t
:C
more
6
)
LEARN II Alt BERING
i/C
PRESERVING
START ANYTIME WITH AN UP. to-date System. Government licensed. Free information. Modern Barber School. 142 Queen Street East, Toronto.
ANTI-SPOIL PRESERVING TABlets. Keep fruits, pickles, etc., without air tight jars. Economical and reliable. Used for eight _ Package 28c postpaid, protect II quarts. Good commission agents. K. E. Sexton. 'Kectvllle, N.S.



Siam Prohibits Cosmetics’ Use

BABY rim KM
BUY BRAY COCKEREL CHICKS. The kind of chicks that make the Ideal broilers for tourist trade; plump, well-finished roasters for Thanksgiving or Christmas. Bray Hatchery, ISO John Street North, Hamilton. Ontario.
MACHINERY A SHOP SUPPLIES
for


NEW AND REBUILT MACHINERY of every description—boiler# and engine#—electric	motors—mech- -
anlc’s tools—belting. Canada's largest machinery house. Write or call The A. R Williams Machinery Company, Limited. 64 Front St., West, Toronto.

STAMP* _____
NEWFOUNDLAND STAMPS, 40 DIF* feront $@r, catalogue value $-«*•• Price lists furnished.— — mail, Botwood. Newfouudl&rd. _
USED TIRES M RETREAD* P*>*
SALE
That schoolgirl complexion must be natural or not at all In Slam, where the Mlnllstry of Public Instruction is launching a campaign against the “indulgence by girl students in artificial aids to beauty.”
Regulations are being drafted which according to a Bangkok vernacular newspaper, will ensure tbit “wasteful and dangerous beauty methods of creating artificial beauty be thoroughly suppressed.”
Among the prohibitions are:
Students’ hair must not be permanently waved.
IJpstick and rouge are banned.
The use of falsa eyebrows and other artificial aids to beauty” may j lead to punishment.	?
ir
LIMITED NUMBER OF
BRAY
Started Pullet Chicks available. Lay plans now for next winter's egg supply. Order at once. Hatchery, ISO John Street North. Hamilton, Ontario.	*_______
Ed. Scam-

Bray
medical
HAY FEVER — Perthshire Medicated Snuff. Pleasant. Convenient Relieves all cases. 60c and $LOO mises. Sole Agents O. B. Products, Importers, Box 116. Toronto.
FOR
USED TIRES AND RETREADS any car or truck, 05c bl Every tire guaranteed. O gallon and up. Batteries, etc. era wanted. Write for frei gain price llata. Orders r w Buy with confidence, from Cased &'» largest ret reader». Me nick Tire Company. Box WL 111-161
Kin* Went. Hamilton. OrÇnrlo.
DEVELOPING
;n
BEST RESULTS—ROLLS DÈVEL-oped with htglose deckled edged prints—25c. Reprints 3c. Beautiful enlargement free. Prompt service. Excel Photo».
Ave. Toronto.
Deal-
baiw

MUSHROOMS
136 6 I^insdowne
j

$60 MONTHLY UPWARDS, GROW-log mushrooms for us from pedigree spawn. Free spawn and ml igen. Information free. Service d instructions guaranteed to produce. Georgian Bay Produce Co.. Box 516. Toron ta

E
EXCHANGE OF OLD HOOKS

tro
I t RED CORRESPONDENCE OR
Home Study Courses bought and •old: Canada's Largest dealer; big
sagas am BÉRÉÉÉHMii
WANTED
an
tired in court uniform, even to the swords, this little lady seems to have stolen the show at the wedding of Miss Pamela Se ymour to Lieut. Bryan Durant of the royal navy, at Hampton Court Palmee. London, England.
JNGI
AMAZING PROFIT! SO SEi Operate SILVER KING vendora ¦61.26
vnatlc 24250..
With hei

prices paid for old book», ten cent» stamp» or coin foor list. Economy Distributing Company, I^smlngton. Ontario.
Free instructions. AuUr
1mm No. 27
39
Fullerton. Vh

###PAGE###3###
m
* t'
/
m. # » **
more than 1,000 rats. Not one ng died of natural causes, althosgf each animal was kept until the ret equivalent of 40 to 60 human years. No rat became 111.
are among the finest specimens of mankind.
flour, unleavened bread lightly smeared with fresh butter; sprouted Bengal gram, a legume; fresh raw carrots and cabbage In large quantities, unboiled whole and a snuli ration of raw meat and bones once a week.
These foods Sir Robert fed te
Dominion Leads British Market
Flowers For the Ocean Grave of Submarine “Thetis’ ” Victims
They eat whole-wheat

•i


w
Canada Holds First Place In Supplying Wheat and Onto to United Kingdom

Pulp wood continues to be | most important forest product la Canada, having a value in 1987 el mors than $63,000,000.
ilk,
*
? m
# m

FI
Canada held first place In supplying several leading commodities to the United Kingdom market In the month of April, according to a trade report released by the Dominion Bureau of Statistics.
Canada was first in the British market with wheat, supplying 496,811 cwt. and oats with 69,001 cwt., and also led In wheat meal and flower, contributing 324,821 cwt.
I This Curious World
*

By WiUiam Ferguson
* «
v
FLOWER.
NAMES

>
OFTEN VARy IN
8
DIFFERENT
Several Leading Commodities Canada was the leading contributor Of several metals, Including aluminum and aluminum alloys with 40,802 cwt., electrolytic copper with 8,686 tons, unwrought nickel with 6,009 cwt. The Dominion also led In supplying patent leather of which 1,019 cwt. were contrlbut-
THE YELLOW DOG-TOOTH VIOLET #5 KNOWN IN SOME PLACES AS YELLOW ADDER'S TONGUE, TROUT ULY AND FAWN ULV/ ALSO, ONE NAME FREQUENTLY IS APPLIED TO
D/FFERJEATT
FLOWERS.
f,

r v Aim
&
.»v i
V
¦H

a
i »

;
ed
Among Canadian commodities In second place were barley with 253,472 cwt., bacon 88,538 cwt., hams 17,693 cwt., unstripped manufactured tobacco 2,584,160 pounds, lead 9,425 tons, and unwrought sine it 7,182 tons.
I
%*à.4



<0 in* iv «A scevicc, me.
IN PATRICK. COUNTY,
V/RC3USHA,
THE SOIL OF THE COUNTRVSlOE IS UTTERED WITH THOUSANDS OF TINY, NATURAL STONE CROSSES, KNOWN AS
»
Scientific
to the ear. We should notice la —	** U/*ll
Ahijah's / message the following rCCQlllff Will undamental ideas: (1) The sin of ^	g	, , i n__
Solomon Is definitely specified. UFOW OUpeiTTieil (2) The piety of David Is remembered. (S) The necessity for the fulfillment of the Scriptures is emphasised. (4) Not much Is made of any goodness In Jeroboam. In respect to his service God gave Jeroboam a glorious opportunity by goodness to make himself great like David.
40. Solomon sought therefore to kill Jeroboam; but Jeroboam arose, and fled into Egypt, unto Shishak king of Egypt, and was in Egypt until the death of Solomon. Shishak Is the first Egyptian king whose exact name is recorded In the Old Testament. The Egyptian's Invasion of Judah in the fifth year of Rehoboam (see 14: 26) Is chronicled In the monuments as belonging to the twentieth year of his own reign. He was, therefore, king for the last fifteen years of Solomon’s reign; and his favorable reception of the rebel Jeroboam Indicates a natural change of attitude towards the Israelites* power.
• Canada’s gold production during the first quarter of the current year totalled 1,216,608 oun-compared with 1,077,947 ounces in the corresponding period of 1938.
dustrlous, and he gave him charge over all the labor of the house of Joseph. The labor here spoken of Is that compulsory work which the Israelites did by turns for parts of the year, and which the tributary subject population were constantly employed upon. It Is not difficult to conceive circumstances under which such duty might become very distasteful to the northern section of the kingdom. For between them and the people of Judah there was A pronounced opposition even In David's time. The compulsory labor on the walla of Jerusalem was Just the sort of occupation to aggravate this old enmity. Jeroboam saw this, and took advantage of It.
Jeroboam’s outstanding talents In public affairs, his skilful management of men, his great Industry, and his great loyalty, as was thought, all combined to bring the son of Nebat under Solomon’s royal eye, till there was no trust too important and no promotion too high for young Jeroboam. And then, to crown It all as time went on, Sgtan more and more entered Into Jetoboam’s heart.
The Prophet's Message
29. And It came to pass at that time, when Jeroboam went out of Jerusalem, that the prophet Ahijah the ShUonlte found him in the way; now Ahijah had clad himaelA with a new garment; and they two were alone in the field.
We find In Ahijah the first of the line of the prophets, who resumed a paramount Influence, like that of Samuel or Nathan, protecting the spirituality of the land and the worship of God, and demanding both from king and people submission to the authority of the I/>rd
Sunday
School
Lesson

Right Use of Common Foods

Produce Future Leaders of
AS fAANV
World
IN THE UNITED STATES
Production by some scientifically minded nation of a superior race of men, who will be leaders of the world, was predicted to the American Association for the Advancement of Science by Dr. Victor G. Helser of the Rockefeller Found»-
LESSON II.
JEROBOAM: A MAN WITH A GREAT OPPORTUNITY 1 Kings II: 26-43 Printed Text, 1 Kings 11: 26-31,
37-40.
GOLDEN TEXT
In all thy ways acknowledge him,
And he will direct thy paths.
---Prov. 3: 6.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time—Jeroboam began to reign in 937 B.C., and the events recorded In this chapter took place some time before his accession, exactly when we cannot determine.
Place.—Jerusalem.,
26.	And Jeroboam the son of Ne-bat. This la the first reference In the Old Testament te the first king of Israel after the division of the kingdom. An Ephraimite of Zere-dab. Zeredah must have been near or in the hill country of Ephraim. A servant of Solomon, whose mother's name was Zeruab, a widow, he also lifted up his hand against the king. Jeroboam was one of Solomon's own people, whose hand might be expected to be with him and not against him.
27.	And this was the reason why he lifted up his hand against the king: Solomon built Millo, and repaired the breach of the city of David hie father. Wherever the word "Millo" occurs In the Old Testament, it Is In connection with the walls or fortifications of Jerusalem (see, for example, 2 Chron-32: 6).
28.	And the man Jeroboam was a mighty man of valor; and Solomon saw the young man that he was In-
Mvse
THE "fairy crosses,” found so generously sprinkled through the soil of portions of Virginia, are known, technically, es "complet silicate of hydrated Iron-aluminum crystallized In the orthorhombic system " They go by the general name of "staurollte."
lion.
It will be done, he said, by the scientific use of food. The miracle, furthermore, will come from foods so common and ordinary that the cost of eating may be less than
OUTLINE MAP
that of present menus.
This first step Is to stamp out the diseases which largely attack man from within. How to start this has been discovered, he said, only In the present generation, In tissue changes which come from choice of food.
He cited laboratory evidence.
Finest Specimens of Mankind
Foremost was the experiment of Sir Robert McCarrlson In India. Sir Robert selected a diet eaten by some North Indian peoples who
15 Postscript
18 Aside.
20 Church pathway.
HORIZONTAL
1 Pictured is the map of
eistiyp ssMti «BUM l^lkV f a " Mldlÿiiü !,:*id x •:vi* iswms iîi
un lîiy	yy
« iswisk cinaiiiflidfflw
iüii
i y
21 Its
7 Its political leader.
12	Constellation.
13	Eighth sign of the Zodiac.
18	Expert flyer. 17 Kava.
19	Meeting.
20	Reverence.
21	Hill side 23 Indian
vernacular.
25	Beam.
26	Onager.
27	Soul.
29	Musical note.
30	Plural.
31	Idant.
32	Ejects.
34 Hidden.
36	To soak flax.
37	Affirmative.
38	Within.
39	Insect which consumes wool.
Asia.
22	Sight.
23	Comes to pass.
124 All------Is
state owned. 28 Last word Of a prayer.
31 Thought 33 Neuter VERTICAL	pronoun.
1	Great Egyp- 35 Railway, tian god. 39 Insane.
2	Russian 40 Mohammedan)
mountains.	nymph.
3	Flavor. 41 To besiege.
4	Form of “be.” 42 Large cask.
5	Part of a play. 44 Microbe.
6	To cook In fat. 46 Frees.
7	To roost Toward.
9 Plots of grass. 51 Gat.
10	Covered with 52 Half an frosting.
11	Northeast.
14 Either.
iiHWdn m
mk
c es
JOHNSON
¦ II II1MH
»jii piiii aaii
.' ¦II a : Mfl iUHIOM =1 tieHIlilMlllift
I
NOTES
RADIO
41 To butt
43	Preposition.
44	Gun.
45	Native metal. 47 Solar disc.
49 To require.
51 Semblance.
53 Fleet of ships
55	Grain.
56	Loads. 583.1416.
59	It is a land.
60	Fold.
NEWS
AND
By MADGE ARCHER
Jehovah.
30. And Ahijah laid hold of the new garment that was on him, and rent It in twelve pieces. 31. And he said to Jeroboam, Take thee ten pieces; for thus eaith Jehovah, the God of Israel, Behold, I will rend, the kingdom out of the hand of Solomon, and will give ten tribes to thee. The ten tribes of which the prophet here speaks are what was known after the death of Solomon as the klndom of Israel, whereas the other two tribes, Judah and Benjamin, formed the kingdom of Judah.
37. And I will take thee, and thou shall reign according to all that thy soul deslreth, and sh&lt be king Israel. 38. And it shall be, If
King's. Tommy Dorsey is voted the best Instrumentalist on the air. Seventeen of the winners are heard over NBC, six over Columbia.
TO BE HEARD
July 7, 9:30 p.m., CBC-CBL Ten Musical Maids . . . 10:16 p.m. CBC -LBL Talk by the Old Gardener . . . . July 8, 3 p.m. BBC-CBL, Music Hall . . . 7:00 p.m., CBC-CBL, The Little Review ... 9 p.m. CBC-CBL Toronto Symphony Band . . . July 9, 12 noon Radio City M. H. . . . 3 p.m. CBS-CFRB, George Gershwin Memorial Concert . . . 6:30 p.m., CBC-CBL, The World To-day from Toronto ... 7 p.m., NBC The Aid-rich Family (new) ... 8 p.m. NBC CBL Chase and Sanborn Hour . . r 9 p.m. CBS-CFRB Ellery Queen detective dramas . . . July 10, 8 p.m., CBS-CFRB Warnow’s Orchestra . . . . 8:30.. NBC, Magic Key . . . 9 p.m., CBS-CFRB Lux Radio Theatre .. . 10 p.m., CBS-CFRB, Guy Lombardo . . . July 11, 8 p.m., NBC, Order of Adventurers ... 8:30 p.m. NBC-CBL Information Please . . . 9:30 p.m.. NBC-CBL Alec Templeton .. . July 12, 8 p.m. CBS, Phil Baker ... 9 to 10:45 p.m., CBS-CFRB Stadium Concert p.m. CBC-CBL Percy Faith's Music . . . July 13, 8 p.m. CBS, Columbia Show Case . . . 9.00 p.m. CBC-CBL Toronto Promenade.
1939 RADIO FAVORITES
Popularity polls may not be sure but they Indicate which way the wind is blowing. In radio, for example, all polls conducted this year list the same people at the top. They may argue about first and second place but the Identical stare are usually disputed.
Radio Guide's sixth annual poll conducted among radio editors of the continent gives the palm of ‘‘Star of Stars" to Nelson Eddy. •
Don Ameche wins as best actor and best master of ceremonies, and Claire Trevore as the best actress. Nelson Eddy and Margaret Speaks best singers of classical songs, Bing Crosby and Kate Smith best popular singers and Bea Wain best swing singer. The McCarthy-Bergen combine wins first comedian's place. Lowell Thomas and Dorothy Thompson are best commentators and Don Wilson best announcer.
Best programs are the Ford Sunday Evening Hour for music, Lux Radio Theatre, for drama, One Man's Family as serial, Chase and Sanborn Hour for variety. The Lone Ranger for children, Kay Ky-ser't Klass for audience participation (beating Information Please) and American School of the Air for education. Best band for swing Is Artie Shaw's, for dancing Wayne
43 Back of neck, 50 Self.
54 By way of.
56	Bushel.
57	Spain.
Grease stains on wood, which will not respond to scrubbing with hot soapy water with plenty of soda, can be removed by applying ammonia to the spots, scrubbing in the ufual way when it has soaked into the wood.
A
4

P>*
r
I
1.
over
thou wilt hearken unto all that I command thee, and wilt walk In my ways, and do that which is right In mine eyes, to keep my statutes and my commandments, am David my servant did; that I will be with thee, and will build thee a sure house, as I built for David, and will give Israel unto thee. 39. And 1 will for this aflict the seed of David, but not for ever. What the prophet had acted out In tearing this garment Into twelve pieces, he now more fully expounds, thus bringing to Jeroboam's mind the truth God would have him know, both by an appeal to the eye and
I .

FOR THE COUNTRY WEEK-END
I
&



X-%

m
'

. . 9:30




By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS
The Wise Guy
i
&
O.K. MERES WHERE I MAKE money/now
ANSWER THIS/what AM t ÇONNA QET IN THE ZAMI NATION AT SCHOOL TOMORRER ?
THOU ART ÇONMA SET NO LESS THAN ' ONE AN' NO MORE THAN A HUNDRED AN* IF THAT AIN’T THE TRUTH YOU CAN SUE. ME /
Ml
SAHIB OUFv Y / PAY ME A PENNY
IN ADVANCE,
AN'IF 1 don't
ANSWER YOUR QUESTION TRUTHFULLY ILL ÇIVE- YOU BACK TWO CENTS/
DO YOU MEAN
EVERY V/OIO YOU SAY ON THAT THERE SIÇN ?

4.
'I
w.
/
1
i

V
\
6»
JW
I
ON


'6
It.. . V

w« y * m


• .«///><
i
t




“?.e,e,eonnd.;'ï^.e,£K Î5Ï" *1
\\
>•
21)
R-lto
• M»*
ug# baa
###PAGE###4###
•y vvvvviz

3 c
roAtl tnx.......................
Th >> Tracey, 4 ihy* U hour ..
“	"	562 line.tl feet c*f
THE EQUITY

HODG-INS
GARAGE
h IK.)
We
•22 Oh
cedar ...................
Ned Sheehan, mad t »x 1‘atrick
i M
Andrew Daley, to V uni'Ml s
SHAWVILLE, JULY 13, 1939
V
ner
Bristol School Board
2 (
Bay
Now Stock
Vndrvw Daley, telephone call..
Thos Philippe, t *l ijra labour..
Bristol School Comuik'ioners met on i)tllvvw Martine in, l day 1 hour above date, Present, Chairman Woods Oodfrey Ptoulx, team à day. . and ii full b'utrd of Commissioners. !	“	“ half days labor
f 1 t't meeting were Elei Gauthier 39 loads of gray
4 loads of
1
June 29th, 1031)
8 <
1 fih
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
1
Chevrolet,
Sales
l 0
t ii
minutes
read and on motion of Comr Stew trt | Magloire Joannisse were adopted.	I gravel ....
Motion by Comr Glenn, that J. 1>. Jerme Coderee, 3 cedars 16 fett Moorhead be appointed to audit the b ><>ks after July 1st.
Motion by Cot	_ . _
Board hold regular meetings in the , \AVier Robert, road tax D. L>er Town Hall on the second Monday of each month
February and August when n
meetings will be held.
Motion by Comr Beattie,
Board advertise for a teacher for No. 5
school.
King Bug Killer Acme Bug Killer
Paris Green Arsenate Of Lead Arsenate Of Lime
5 4
2 4
long ...............
Patrick R«>se, supplies t L Bel isle..............
Mr
nr Graham, that this
<> 5
t> 60
wn
with the exception
t
M uirice Cain, I 4 days with team regular ; j^n McGuff 4 daxs labour ...
Jas Dougherty, I j days ......
11 w feed for John
4 5
Fence
Requirements
For Your
4
that th
2
Diggs horses..............
Walter Vallillee. 1 dà| 8 Ubotif
Motion by Comr. Heat tie, that No. 1 p j McG dT, labour ...............
uul No. 2 Schools be painted on the Arnold Trudeau, labour ..............
inside and also No. 1 School be stripped y\n s V. McGotf, 50 Ids gravel >ver the seams of the gyproc and that patrii k M id den. (» days labour
Comr. Glenn attend to No. t and Comr Arnold Vallillee, labour............
Stewart to No. 2 School.	Stanley Walsh, 2s loads gravel
Motion by Comr Stewart, that the (';Crald Armitage on |200O grint
following bills be approved and paid John Davis,
R. A. Grant, supplies to schools $ ?> 42 Wm O’Reilly 14	44	11
Leo R. Keen, ................ h J’1 Lionel Grimes
The Montreal Rook Room, Ltd.	Russell Young
for books..........'...... H9 62	\
R. G. Fletcher, work and supplies fur No. 3............
J. Millar, work and supplies tor
1	:>o
2	40 I
t 2

:> ot
\
) 00
\
C. C. C. Cattle Spray
X
2 4 2 8
Try Frost Steele and Wire Company’s Famous Tight Lock Fencing
It cost very little more per acre for n good fence that will hold the stock in place while you slumber. We have a good assortment at present.
4 8
15
it 85
1 to
3 40
3 00
7 00
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REC'D.
ung
“ • “	road tax.......
M	“	A lbs spikes
Patrick M ij r, 1 load gravel
21 00
#0
10
21 05
—Carried.
Letter of South Onslow presented, IB 50 | action deferred until further information ! procured.
Motion by Crs Dagg-Farrell, that the ,N n<' Sec-Treas. l>e instructed to tor w aid to ^ i>u H. I. Smith, Sec Tie is. of Bristol, accounts of expenditures by this township on Bristol < >ns!ow North townline for the years 1937, 1938 and 1939, and 11 00 tsk them f**r a like list of their expendi ttires that they may be compared for said years—Carried.
Motion by Crs Young-M irtineau. tint Mrs. L. Bel isle be allowed #0.50 worth '*1 grocerirs at Patrick Rost dit ion that there he family be living or 1 dence—Carried
No
Stratification Process
Of Maturing Some Seeds
Rev. C. A. Sales, 5| days as
deputy examiner..........
Josephine Mousseau and Helen Armstrong, sweeping No. 1 Grave Sharpe, sweeping No. 10 Jean Cuthbertson. “
Napoleon Chabot, mowing No.
5 school grounds ........
The Equity for publishing
minutes etc . ..
Kenouf Publishing C
New World’s Oldest Book
Rests in Texas Library
Seeds of many plants require from A copy of “Doctrina Breve/' old- six months to two years in order est book printed in America, rests to germinate. Most of the Alpines, in the University of Texas library, primroses, wildflowers, stone fruits
and trees and shrubs in the wild state drop their seeds into the soil during the summer or late fall. There they lie all winter undergoing freezing and thawing, an experience that bursts the outer coverings and Zumarraga had prepares the inmost vital germ to
start into life. This process is known as stratification, writes Ruth Mosher Place in the Detroit News.
8 00
The volume, which the librarian says is one of three in the United States, is a catechism printed in Mexico in 1543 and 1544 by Bishop Juan de Zumarraga, whose printing press was the first brought to the New World printed books in America three years earlier, but none of those are known to exist now.
The Spanish volume, bound in heavy Spanish leather decorated with gold tooling, is in an excellent state of preservation, according to the l.atin-American librarian at the
.1. Ij. IIODtilNS
2 Of
I
Phone 64-J.
ex mi
12
papers etc.........
Jas Marks, cleaning No. (>....	3 <K
Motion by Comr. Glenn, that the
it. 9 «uni U

teachers of N
schools receive a bonus of #35.00 each.
Motion by Comr Glenn, that thi
B ird advertise foi tenders for convey
ing the pupils from No. 1 district t- Motion by Crs Farrell-D*gg, that this No. 9 school by motor bus when the O'ttnci! -idj urn until August 7th, 1939.
"> tivl by tl one o’clock in d • ,?: moon.
1, 2, 4
n con-nly her immediate ardii-g at her re>i-
CStaEISMlMTOIBMB
SJcL -Uù*£.	h. lu LuÙjZa«211 ii 2^ if3jiiSiCilJ«
The word is used loosely to describe any method of burying seeds indoors or out by which they arc subjected to low temperatures and allowed to remain in darkness and moisture until they have reached the proper stage cf maturity. Whether the actual freezing of the
i
DALE’S TINSHOP
roads are open for motor tr-itfi horse drawn bus when the roads are | blocked. Tenders to he in by July 14th. .
On motion of Comr Stewart the meet-1 ing adjourned.	|
Am*kkw h arrkll, Sw fiea>
university.
“Doctrina Breve" is included in a collection of 160 volumes and 50.000 pages of manuscripts obtained by seeds completes this process is not purchase from heirs of Joaquin definitely known. Freezing seems Garcia Icazbalceta. noted Mexican necessary to the germination of
and collector
Among the manuscripts is a let- of woody plants and apparently is a tor from Hernando Cortez to Em- part of the process under natural peror Charles V of Spain, written conditions.
October 15. 1545	, According to the old method of
stratifying seeds, they were buried in layers of sawdust. Nursery practice consists in planting slow germi-
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
White Sands' Not Sand;
Large Dunes Are Gypsum
The “white sards* that give their name to White Sands National monument. New Mexico, are r.ot sands
Minutes Of Council Ons-lat all, according to strict scientific
definition, says the interior department.
H. 1. Smith. Sec.-Treas
BEATTY PUMPS
many Alpines and for many species
low North
We carry a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.
Most sand is composed of very
,	, x, • • i fine particles of quartz and other
1 tegular meeting of the Mumcipa har(j rock, worn round and smooth C >uoei! held nu above d ite. Present I) miel Farrell Pro Mayor and Council
July 8rd, 1939
Egyptian Tombs of Notables
King Chephren, builder of the Sec- rating seeds in boxes of pure sand, ond Pyramid of Giza, lived in 2650 which are put six inches deep in the B. C. He was the son of Cheops, ground. Sometimes wire cages arc who built the Great Pyramid, and put around the seeds to prevent the pyramid he built is almost as j damage from rodents. Large seeds, large as that of his father. The such as peach stones, are otter tomb of his wife. Ka Ouvert, has planted directly in the ground been discovered, as also the tomb Very fine, choice specimens r..uy be of the superintendent of his pal- kept in small flats under cover, ace, Khort-Maat, who is represented by a statue whose body is carved from the rock but whose head is made of white Turah limestone and fitted on to the shoulders. The tomb of Chephren’s “Purification Superintendent" was also found, as well as that of his secretary. Nofor-Hotop, and also the tomb of Ka-Hor-ist-of. the “man who purified the king.*'
by the action of wind and water
,	„	__	Tx New Mexico’s white dunes are made
l->ri \ oung, \ ttllillee, Arnntage, D.igg up small fragments of gypsum,
and Martineau.	blown by the wind. Geologists be
Motion hy Crs. \ oung-Arnntage, tbit |jeve ^is gypsum is formed partly minutes of June 5th, 1939, as read be -n 3^311 lakes, and partly from wail lopted— Carried.	ter which “sweats up" from the
M*yor Andrew Daley took las seat ground among the dunes. The gyp-Fro Mayor Daniel Farrell took his gum comes t0 the surface in soiu-seat as Councillor.
Motion by Crs Farrell-Dagg, that the following accounts be approved and paid :
Albert Jeronx, trucking logs..
Garnis Arnntage, part of Herb
Reivers road tax..........
Andrew Alexander, 40 loads of
gravel.....................
Peter Knox, 22 loads of gravel Wm Campbell, 8 “	14	44
Let us know your requirements and we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
lion
Afghan Hounds Depend on
Sight Rather Than Scent
When the water evaporates the gypsum is left as snow-white crystals. Wind piles them up in rippled dunes, sometimes 100 feet in height. The entire body of sand dunes along a 30-mile front is moving at the rate of approximately eight inches a year toward the town of Alamogordo, some 18 miles away.
DALE’S TIHSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
The Afghan breed, one of the purest and most ancient, is the product of natural development. But little known in this country, it belongs to the greyhound family. It has a long, silky coat with especially heavy feathering on the ear-tips, tail. legs, and top of the head, where it forms a kind of top-knot.
Early information on the breed is very meager and the Afghans themselves seem to have little knowledge of its origin. They claim with all seriousness, however, that Noah took a pair of these dogs on the
8 4 00
3 00
mttmammMWSm
4 00 2 20
80
44	44 Peter Knox road
tax, also Mrs. C. Howard Carmen Ireland, 39 loads gravel
44	44	6J days labour 13 OU
E>t. C. J. Caldwell, spikes and
ESTABLISHED 1883
Nautical Terms
The following are some nautical terms: A fathom is 6 feet. Knot— A nautical mile—commonly called a knot—is 6,080 feet, or I 1-7 land miles Formerly, a ship's speed was measured in miles per hour, by the number of log-line knots—50 feet apart —passing a given point in 30 seconds. Log : (a) An instrument towed by a vessel at the end of a long line, recording approximate distance traveled, (b) Official daily record of a voyage, including weather, wind, direction and velocity, distance traveled, etc. Port:	As one
aboard ship faces the bow, the port side is on the left Starboard:	As
one aboard ship faces the bow, the starboard is on his right.
3 00
Crowded Inns Gave Us Purses
There’s an odd little story behind that purse we dip into so frequently. It is linked up with the origin of the word Bourse, generally applied to foreign stock exchanges. In the Fourteenth century, says Pearson’s London Weekly, the Venetians used to venture up from the Mediterranean in their stout little ships to take cargoes of spices to Bruges. Quarters were pretty crowded in the inns, so for the transaction of their business they established their headquarters in the house of a rich Dutchman named Van den Purse. It was after extensive British transactions with this Dutchman that we dropped the good old English word “money-bag" and adopted “purse." Purse, mispronounced, came to be spoken in Venice and elsewhere as gggggand that name was given to markets where important montransactions occurred.
3 9
COACH
INVALID
55
cup grease Patrick Sheehan, 64 days labour 13 00 44	44 j day with team 1 50
Edward Benoit, 2 days labour 3 00 Alex Lepierre, 1 day with team 3 00 Austin Dagg, 540 feet B.M. 6x6
cedar ...................
Albert Young, 7 days labour...
44	44 timber...........
J >hn Armitage, P. Majors road
GB0RŒB HYNES St SON
ark
This statement is, perhaps, not as fantastic as one might suppose, asserts P. Hamilton Goodsell in the Detroit News, for the breed is undoubtedly closely related to the Saluki, or gazelle hound, of Egypt, Syria and Persia which, in turn, is known to have flourished in the Near East from time immemorial.
It is difficult to determine which breed is the older, or whether the Afghan found its way west to become the Saluki or vice versa.
Suffice it to say that the type of the Afghan hound has not changed within the memory of man. They have been used in their native land for hunting for centuries, depending on sight rather than scent. They are used in couples, the male attacking the quarry at the throat, and the female, the hinder part. Their game, consists of deer, jackal, fox, etc., and they have been known to bring down and kill leopards.
Directors of Funeral Service
10 80
14 00
Shawville, Que.
1 50
Phone
4 80
Patrick Major, 65 loads gravel 6 50 Robert McRae, 6	41	44
Wm Westbrook, 87	44	44
Hirvey Steele, 46	44	44
Geo. Steele, time tr date as road
foreman...................
Geo Steele, L. and E. Steele
road tax..................
Robt McRae, road tax Lennord
Hill .....................
A. Farrell, trip to Campbell's
Bay.......................
A. Farrell, trip to Quyon C P.R 1 50
Mrs. R. N. Code, spikes.......
Patrick O’Hearne, 24 days team 1 50
6 75
tax
69
8 70 4 60
20 00
Beattie’s Eye Service
Marriage Custom From Zulus
South Africa’s strangest marriage custom for Englishmen dwelling there is taken from the Zulus. The custom is that of presenting the bride’s father with a bride payment, or “lobola sists of cattle among the Zulu people, residents of South Africa, who practice the custom present the father with tiny replicas of cattle, dogs and other animals and these are displayed in the bride’s old home.
4 50
burse
1 80
ey
5 00
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see as you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
Famous Whirlpool
The maelstrom is a famous, but overrated whirlpool off the northwest coast of Norway between Mos-kenas and Mosken, two of the Lofo-den islands. Tt is more properly a strong current than a whirlpool. This current flows alternately six hours from north to south and six hours from south to north, and especially at the changes produces angry whirls, which may sometimes be heard for several miles. The strait is navigable under ordinary weather conditions, either at low or high
passage becomes exceedingly dangerous, and few craft attempt to cross it then, since the currents are then strong enough to inundate a small vessel or toss a larger one against the rocks the water, once supposed to be ton great for soundings, is only a little more than a hundred feet.
Since the “lobola" con
11
4
30 c?dar 12
4
and 16 feet long...........
Nicholas O’Hear ne, 1 days labor
<J. P. Railroad, freight.......
The Canada Ingot Iron Co., 2
scrapers...................
Francis Dolan, 8 days labour. .
44	44 trip to Daggs..
Bernard Armitage, time re warble fly........................
Edward Robert, 30 hours as
Constable .................
Edward Robert, sawing 2000 ft.
B.M. plank................
Solomon Philippe road tax John
Roach’s Heirs.............
Peter Philippe, road tax Theo
Valliant ................
Paul Phillippe. 1 day with teem *	44	2$ days labour ..
Ferdenand Phillippe, McLaren’s
8 00
2 00
1 26
>
Witchcraft in Mexico
The practice of witchcraft occurs in Mexico with some local flavor, but follows the universal ancient formulas—powders, skulls, magic, destroying the images of enemies, charms, curses, cures, incantations. The "doctors" who practice it have their credulous clients sit for hours in darkened adobe huts, with doors and windows barred, while they mumble strange words, burn herbs and candles. Usually the client is asked to bring along a personal be Longing, such as a photograph or handkerchief, of the person oil whom he wishes tu work magic.
23 00 16 00
First Oil Well In America
The first oil well in America, the Old ' American
1 00
Scientific Eye Examinations
was probably drilled about March, 1829, on Little Renox creek, near Burkesville, Ky. The oil was sold as a "cure-all" for years, both in America and Europe. The modern petroleum industry its origin to an oil well
3 00
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
9 oo
During a northwest .wind the
10 00
owes
“drilled” by Col. Edwin L. Drake, near Titusville, Pa. It came into production on August 27, 1859, a date now generally observed as that of the start of commercial production of oil in the United State*. __
1 80
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS
Prof essional Optometrist.
T.T. BEATTIE,
Professional Opt omet ust
1 50
The depth of
3 00 5 00

###PAGE###5###
—





r

Wm

Service Announcement
SHAWVILLB UWITKD CHURC H
Res A. F. Fokes B. A, B.D. PA^tor
Sunday, July 10 11.00 tun. Service at Shaw ville 1.30 J» in.—Service at Zion 3.00 p.m.—Service at Stark’* Corner» Evening nervice ut Sh iwville is with drawn.
The Equity
:
PRINTING
B
FLY SPRAYS
I
KVKBY TIIVRHUAY at
PVRLIRHED
SHAW VILLE, QUEBEC
ilklïllillElîll
All kinds of Fly Sprays for inside and outside
use.
Protect your children by keeping the flies down, and also make more money from your herd by using a dependable
Fly Spray
o
ANNUAL subscription
Canada
WRITE
B 0
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside
firms.
Let us do your :
NOW
SI GO
Anywhere
To United States
in
• •
Mir,
2.00
BawTf.L United Church C. Abmhtrono Salih, B, D. Sunday, July l<*
St. Andrew*, Sunday School, 10.00
HBHfii	11 00 a.m.
2 36 pm. 10.30 a.m. 8.00 p.m
measure- *
Ir1*
roofing lee sound, permanent inve^m.-nL


muat be paid In full 1» discontinued
rc-
All arrears before any paper
/ / /
%
ye
etal
m.m
“ • Service At
(
Absolutely weather-tight. Greatly reduces
%%'OM A 28 YEA* g™»" GUARANTEE
Knox,	'	' ,
Austin, Sunday School, 14	Service at
w. O. OWAN. PUBLISHER


Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
Property for Sale
r)e*ir»blc dwelling Inuse on Main West, Shnwville. Large proFor further particulars, apply
geo. h. McDowell,
1164 tibdstone Ave, Ottawa,

ANGLICAN . St. PavlN Sunday, July 16
10.00	a. m — Sunday School.
11.00	a.m.—Holy Communion
7.30	p in—Evening Frayer
St. Luke’s
1.00 p m.—Sunday School
1.30	p m —Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
2.30	p m—Sunday School 3 00 p. m.—Evening Prayer
I
THE CORNER STORE
Eastern Steel Products
/itmtcd
Street
perty.
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts
QUE.
Vrrn-
to :
SHAWVILLE,
Ont.
South Onslow Council
I
A regular meeting of the Municipal Council held on above date at the usual
place of meeting. HHH WÊ Ambrose Kennedy Mayor and Councillors Clarke, Smiley, Weetbrooke, Mul-doon.
On motion of Crs Muldoon Smiley, the minutes of last meeting were confirmed as read.
Mrs Helena Moore appeared re John Murphy. No action taken by council.
Hector Bronson reported the covering on Meadow Creek Bridge broken, and on motion of Crs Muhioon-Smiley, the Sec-Treas. was authorized to order | . covering from J. M# Argue, and Mr. Bronson to repair said bridge.
Councillor Young then took his seat
at the Board
A letter from Foran re Terrence | Mulligan was read. Motion by Ors | Young.Smiley, that Mr. 1 oran’s letter l>e handed over to Ste. Marie & Ste. | Marie—Carried.
A letter from Thomas Denning read No action taken by council.
Motion by Crs Clarkc-Westbmok, the following bills were ordered paid :
\\ Bronson, B& O town line $ 82 55 F H Cornu, , road list..
Victor Young, “
W J Fleming, board of council V. J. O’Hara, road list ...
Jas Kilroy,
Basil Stanton A, Wiggins A Meridith G A Murphy J Bolder V Me Bane W Draper A Inglee S Martineau Quyon Hardware
M Chevrier, ditch...........
Tbos Daly, cedar............
Wright & Rontiac Telephone Harold Poole, Health Officer
J M Argue, timber......... •
W Draper, re warble Hy......
Jos Steele, travelling expenses A Clarke A Kennedy J as Thomas,
M Hamilton
Whereas W F Pritchard, J H Mender-1 sou, W Campbell. S W MacKechnie, appeared re Bristol portion of town line.
It was moved by Crs Smiley Clarke, that whereas this Council has spent $250.00 on south end of town line, that Council request Bristol Council to spend a like amount as per agreement— Carried. ,
Motion by Crs Muldoon-Young. that this Council notify the C P R that this Council is ready to open crossing at M. 32.26 Waltham S. D.—Carried.
Motion by Crs Young Muldoon, that Win Draper be allowed to spend $20 to remove fill on road and cover rocks. —Carried.
Motion
brook'—That F. Cornu be granted $35. to complete culverts.—Carried.
A letter from the Tourist Bureau was read. No action taken.
Motion—Smiley and Young — That John Biehler be granted $75 00 to spend on new road at H. Bronson’s—t arried
Motion—Crs. Muldoon and Clarke—


Parish of North Clarendon Mr Hugh Mortimer, in charge
10 30 a.m —Greermount Morning Prayer
Charter!*, Evening Prayer
Evening Prayer
Members present,
•2 30 p m —
7.30 p.ui.—Thorne,
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
Successor to G. F Hodgins Co. Limited
Roy G. Fraser
Gifu,
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 888
Novelties
Mid-Summer Sale
Flowers,
Phone 180
Clearing lines of Woman’s White Shoes
Shawville Bakery
Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our business.
We in
was
Oxfords, Sandals and Pumps
On
vite your patronage, orders of $1.00 or over, phone
On orders of
Anniversary and Wedding Cakes A Speciality

«.Or
:x

us collect.
$:, 00 or over phone us collect
Only odd sizes left
is here
...	101 70
73 80 7 50 40 65 67 37 67 60 44 30 50 45 22 00 164 00
...	267 50
.	137 70
...	17050
164 40 124 81 12 50 25 32
n

m
and we shall prepay.
4:1
If your size they are extra value
#
4S

44
44

Phone 89
I
44
44

44
4.
Phone anytime between 7 a m.
and II p.m.
$1.49
44
at
44
44
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
44
44
44
44
Sand and White Oxfords, with crepe sole
44
44
Women's
. $1.79
44
44
$30,000 Offered In Prises by Ottawa Exhibition
• • •
A Special Table of Women’s Oxford*, Sandals, Pumps and Straps, m black
74 to clear at $1.49 to $1.98
..$1.65
... $1.39
...- $1.25
$2.25 to $2.95
With almost	offered as
most or
2 44
premiums and prizes, which will go to farmers and stock
breeders, Ottawa Exhibition is almost ready with its 1690 Dates this year are August ^1 toZn with pure bred entries closing July 20; Junior Agriculture, Foul try, Agriculture, and Dairy Entries on August 5 ; XVomeu s Institutes ou August U and Handicraft
on Augusts	- ,
The big prize list is off the press
and will be sent to anyone interested who drops a postal card to H. H. McElroy. Manager, Central Canada Exhibition, Journal Building. Ottawa- There are many changes this year, some new classes and more generous prize money In other classes. For instance foOU. has been added to the prize money for horses. There are some interclasses tor farmers and grade agricultural
6 00
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
77 36
10 50
or brown, sizes to
6 00
3 00
Women’s Black and Brown Campers
(I
6 00
44
240 68 62 00
road list
u
it
44
44
44
Monuments in Marble and Granite
special
44
Boys’
Youths’ Campers...........
Heavy Work Boots
Youths’ Sweat 'Shirts, Short
colours gold and white.......
d Coloured Polos
information on designs and prices.
Write for
Mens’
Penman’s
sleeves,
Phone. 278
... 40 cts.
geo. h. FROATS & SONS
284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
49 to 69 cts.
eating new
team» i
horses.	.	. .	.
Ottawa Exhibition is certain to
be more interesting than ever to
the visitor from outride the city.
1 One new departure is a big show
of i he la teat in faun implements
and machinery in the fine exhibi-
building formerly used for
automobiles, now known »» tlie Industrial & Machinery Building.
So the best building on the grounds will be turned over to the implement manufacture:s who have
promised an outstanding display., That Athol Inglee be instructed to put Practically all space in the build-" railing on new till — tarried.
Inga ha» been sold. The amuse- Motion-Cra Muldoon and Smiley--ruent end of the fair will be q|iat ^is Council approve of Austin
blighter than ever this year ant C|arke and the . Secretary Treasurer
as a special attraction the Unite:	having paid Mrs. Mary Gibbons $ >0.00
States Navy Band, one of the Du ^ & portion of land for widening and est musical organizations in Amer- gtrajJltening Gf road on 6th concession, lea and one often heard over the ¦ . ,
tnre will be a huge tent with a adiouroed. special floor for dancing and a well known swing band to play the latest tunes.
Boys' White an
5^^eaandB,.ePo,o.Mat6gcts_

Crs. Muldoon and West-
, Sizes 35, 36
Men’s Grey Flannel Trouser
and 3H to clear at......
MacLean’s
tiou
$2.69
• see
• • • e •
RED & WHITE STORE
Brown Sport Pants, Sizes 32, 36, 38
i»t ...
Men’s
.... $2.49
and 10 to clear
• e • •
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
I I
Pants, Sizes 32, 34, 30 $2.49
Men s Grey Sport
23 cts.
Alymer Soups, 3 for Crown Tea, one pound package
Red & White Coffee. per pound
“ Baking Powder per lb. 25 4
Pineapple, Sliced, Crushed, or Cubes 10	4
Mixed Biscuits, two pounds	25
Miracle Whip Salad Dressing 32 oz.
• •
• •
grocery department
53
• •
39 4
R1NSO SPECIAL
•¦TvSS'ïST.'îic.AL
while they last, two for— Libby» fork & Bean». 8 can*
, mustard, c herkius
The two for 26 eta
t< it
Large
Jos. A. Steels
Sec-Treas
15 “
Large Cuke 10 et»
Covu. Peas. Tomatoes Large Bottle Pickles, sweet, sour
StoSilT«*k V‘.“	u „
t wo psckAf^ for........
KILLERS :-King-Arsenate of Lime-Lead-Puris Green
25 " 25 “
49 4
16 “ 35 4
22 4 15 4
15 and 25 «
bottle 19 “
10 "
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
Hot Springs National Park Mankind has bathed at spas for better health, particularly in Europe, down through the ages. More than a century ago the United States government set aside Hot Springs, Ark., as a place ordained to special-in spa treatments and recrea-for the people of the nation for all time. American aborigines told of marvelous cures. These same springs were so famous to the Indians that in the long ago they be iisved the Great Spirit actually lived in them. There is a tale that the various tribes battled from time to time for control of the hot waters. Finally a truce was declared under which all tribes were extended the privilege of using the waters.
44
44
44
44
8 "
44
4
44
44
44
Fresh Cheese, per pound Shu-Milk for White Shoes, It, for White Shoes, per
e •
BUG
• •
>

Binder Twine in now, big reduction
in prices this year
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
Hay Fork Rope ;
ue
t:cn
meat department
Canada Packers Sausages, fresh per
<
pound 15	44
Good Assortment of Cooked Meats.
3HAWVILLE - QUE
Successor to 0. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
###PAGE###6###






->

«

*Y IT THE "SALADA" WAV
Joe slid In the clutch. He winked flagrantly at the girl of the refreshment stand. The Ford roared away.
Turning Out the Car Mid-afternoon found them nearing Niagara Falls and the Canadian border. In a deserted piece of/oad
a few
*toppe# INh BÉÉ.-j_________________
You and I," he Said to the Weasel. “have got to have a conference.”
The Weasel exhibited impatience at the unexpected delay. He was anxious to get across the border. He growled: "Wet we gotta talk about? Ting la to git Into Canada.”
Fold in whipping cream. Pour Into tray and freeze, agitating twice during freexlng time.
FRESH RASPBERRY CAKE

B
unfuse 6 Keeping teaspoons of Salade Black Tea In e pint of fresh, boiling water. After 6 minutes strain liquid Into 8-quart container; while hot, add 1 to 1H cups of sugar end juice of 8 lemons, strained; stir until sugar is dissolved; All container with cold water. Do not allow tea to cool before adding cold water or liquid will become cloudy. Serve with chipped kt. The above makes 7 tall glasses.
7
T
THE
i
A
A
• V» cup butter
1	cup fine granulated sugar
2	eggs, well beaten
2 tablespoons milk
2 cups pastry flour .
2 teaspoons baking powder 44 teaspoon salt
1 cup fresh raspberries
Creak together butter, sugar. Cream well together. Add the eggs, then the milk and the dry ingredients alternately. Add the raspberries last. Bake in a square pan 7 inches by 7 inches at 350* for 45 minutes.
This is delicious with a fluffy icing or served as a ddesert with whipped cream or lemon sauce.
RASPBERRY JAM WITH LEMON JUICE
4 cups raspberries 6 cups granulated sugar 44 cup lemon juice
Mix berries and sugar together and let stand overnight. Next day bring to full boil for 6 minutes. Add lemon juice and boil 8 minutes at full boil. Bottle and seal. Yields 2 quarts. This is not a thick jam, but many prefer it
L
B
M


i


e town, Joe
m

K
L
!
L
L




s
E
J
&
i
By SADIE CHAMBERS
BE SB TEA
"RASPBERRY PICKIN’ TIME"
Each fruit, as it appears in its I season, brings its own appeal and demands attention, each with its own attractive display.
Raspberries have always been a favorite especially to the home-I maker of the family, W&en seeking variety for her menu and seeking a fruit with refreshing and lasting flavor.
1	There are so many things to do with this luscious fruit, but here are a few favorites.—
MINTED RASPBERRY BEVERAGE
I 2 cups fresh raspberries.
144 cups sugar
Few sprigs mint 2 lemons 2 oranges Water
Crush the berries and heat slowly to extract the juice, adding a little water if necessary. Strain the juice through cheese cloth. Add sugar and crushed mint. Cool apd add juice of lemons and orange*. Chill. To serve, add twice the amount of cold water and pour over cracked ice in tall glasses. Garnish with a sprig of mint.
A few drops of spearmint may j be used to replace fresh mint.
RASPBERRY COCKTAIL
5	cups chilled raspberries
C tablespoons granulated sugar
2	teaspoons bottled lime Juice
2 tablespoons finely chopped mint I leaves
Arrange chilled raspberries in
6	sherbet glasses and sprinkle
with lime juice. Chill.	I
Just before serving, combine granulated sugar with chopped mint leaves and sprinkle one tablespoonful on each glass.
. RASPBERRY CREAM
1 pint red raspberries 44 cup granulated sugar 1/16 teaspoon salt 44 cup coffee cream 1 cup whipping cream Crush raspberries, add sugar. Cook 6 minutes and strain. Add salt and cool. Add coffee cream.

•’Sure/' said Joe. “But we’ll never do It with all this Junk In the
car."
merchandise which loomed around the Weasel. “The customs officials will want to know why we're going to Canada with enough candy to make a herd of elephants sick. There’ll be questions and delay.”
’Gee. dal's right/ said the Weasel thoughtfully.
Kelly looked at Joe in exasperation.
"You would bring that up,” she said. ’You certainly do alj you can to smooth the way for our amiable jailer here, don’t you?”
"I figure it a romantic touch," Joe told her, “for you and me to be married In a foreign land.”
If a pretty girl can snort, Kelly snorted. “Married? You know darn well whom I’m going to marry. And he doesn't look anything like you."
"I'll bet I'm handsomer," said Joe. He turned to the Weasel: “We’ve got to throw the cargo overboard, that's all.
“Totn off some place, den," said the Weasel. "An’ we’ll t row it.”
A side road offered a convenient spot. At the point of the Weasel’s gun, Kelly and Joe exacuated the car. The Weasel took up a position favored by overseers.
“Okay,” he said to Joe. “Chuck da stuff out.”
His hand swept over the
HOLDUP HONEYMOON
BY EDWIN RUTT Copyright 1938. NE A Servie. Inc
teeth kept bright end attractive with the help of WRIGLEY’S GUM.
• e e
CAST OF CHARACTERS
JOSEPH SANOHAM — hero; he thought he was on top of the world until he smacked Into KELLY ARCHER—heroine:	she
thought she warn headed for the altar until she smacked into ED, the WEASEL—gangster; he thought he was headed somewhere, too, but affairs somehow got mixed up.
Yesterday that he led kidnapping Kelly an then under cover of darkness he begins to do things In the Ford.
“Take all you want,” Joe Inwlt-
Bi
*T got enough,” said the Weasel. "I don’t go fer sweets much.” “Guess i’ll have one myself,” Joe
a

said
•5*
v»e
The Weasel handed him back the box. His fingers dove Into it. After that, he replaced the lid and left the box on the seat beside him. Time For Breakfast Kelly Archer awoke with the first gray streaks of dawn. She stretched luxuriously, with her eyes closed. Then she opened them, perceived that Joe still held the wheel and screwed her around to take in the rugged outlines of Ed the Weasel still infesting the car's Interior.
“Well, well,” she said. “So the happy little family is still together. Where are we, anyhow? Moose Jaw or Medicine Hat?”
“We're still in the land of the free,” Joe told her. “Somewhere in Western New York State.”
“How ducky,” said Kelly.
The Weasel spoke:
“Stop at da foist refreshment stand dat comes along." he directed Joe. “We gotta have some kawfee an’ hot cakes.”
“Take your belt In a notch,” said Joe. “and keep your chin up. We’ll get ’em.”
They did. a mile further on. Joe pulled up before a likely-looking refreshment stand whose environs were devoid of other vehicles black-haired girl was polishing the counter Inside. At Joe’s signal she Issued forth.
“Kawfee,” said the Weasel lu a hoarse voice, from the depths of the Ford. “An’ hot cakes. Fer free. We’ll have 'em out here in da car.”
In a short time the black-haired girl returned, bearing sustenance. The hot cakes were huge, brown and indigestible. Kelly and Joe ate of them sparingly. Ed the Weasel, however, was no weak sister. He cut his allotment Into great segments, drowned them In syrup and masticated with audible satisfac-

Y our Household Problems
GET SOME TODAY!
Have you fussy eaters In your family? Do you have trouble providing a varied and Interesting menu? Do your cakes fall? Then write, enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie B. Chambers, care of
this paper, and she will endeavour to solve your problems.
Joe convinces Ed
Princesses’ Visit Still Unscheduled
head
CHAPTER IX
Yes, under cover of darkness, Mr. Sandham moved into action. First his left hand stole surreptitiously into his inside coat pocket while his right continued to guide the car. From the pocket he drew a small oblong object which he placed In his lap. Then the hand went back into the pocket and came out with a smaller thinner object. And after that, for the space of five minutes, both hands rested innocuously on the wheel.
In the back of the car the head
If The King’s Daughters Are Te Come to C sands It Won't
Y
Do They Invite You Back Again?
Canada will unquestionably be fished by the Royal Princesses, Elisabeth and Margaret Rose, according to the promise of Her Majesty as she and the King said goodbye to the newspapermen whs accompanied them on their trip all through Canada and the United States.
Some of the newspapers present at the interview were of the Impression that Her Majesty actually said that the two Royal Princesses would be coming to Canada next year.
But a check-up made with Rt. Hon. W. L. Mackenxle King indicates that this la not the Intention.
Will Come Eventually "I’ve certainly not heard anything from Their Majesties to this effect," the Prime Minister said when questioned. "1 believe that they will come to Canada eventually, as all members of the Royal family do. But I cannot may when."
From another news source close to the British Royal family cornea the word that the two Princesses will not travel, unaccompanied by the King and Queen until they are at least 17 years old. Princess Elisabeth is now IS years old, heace It must be at least four years before she alone can come to this cous
Breakaway
Joe opened the back doors of the car and started in. Confections of all descriptions were dragged out and dumped carelessly at the roadside. And as he worked Mr. Sand-ham sang, raucously. He broke off suddenly and addressed the Weasel. "Give me a hand with this, will you? It's heavy as lead."
Obligingly the Weasel shuffled over, placed a hairy paw on a huge box and jerked. Joe jerked In unison. The recalcitrant box of chocolate dipped nougats began to vacate the Ford.
Then,, all at once, the Weasel dropped It as If it had been a puff adder.
"Hey,” he roared. "Come back here, you
him gun hand whipped out.
Joe raised his head. Miss Kelly Arched had converted the distraction of the Weasel’s attention. She was fleeing down the road toward the main highway like a species of red beaded deer.
(To Be Continued)
Requisites Of the Perfect
Guest
That girl Is starred as a perfect guest, who seldom changes her plana, always makes clear the date of her arrival and the date of her departure.
She la always cheerful and considerate, ready to fall In with any plans her hostess has made for entertaining her.
She doesn’t behave like a convalescent the first few days just because she had a tiring journey; she helps with the housework, but never Interferes or criticises her hostess’s methods.
She doesn’t spoil the children, although It's very easy for “Aunty” to amuse the "little darlings" and forget that her life (and their mother's must go on when she’s gone.
She doesn’t make numerous long distance telephone calls and forget to pay before leaving.
She doesn’t suggest outings that host and hostess can’t afford ; nor use the house as a centre of rest In between her own outside amusements.
She realises that even a one-day stay Is worth a little note of "Safely arrived and thank you for a lovely time." For which thought alone she deserves to be starred as the guest her hostess wants to Invite again.	g	'
of Ed the Weasel nodded slightly: He was by no means asleep. But the steady purr of the motor had lulled his sensibilities. Joe half-turned in his seat and stole a look at him out of the corner of his eye.
"Getting sleepy?" he asked.
"Naw," said the Weasel, blinking through the darkness.
Joe drove for another mile In an orthodox fashion. Then, very carefully, his right hand slipped from the wheel, groped in his lap for the slender thing which he had taken from his pocket, found it. The oblong object lay flat on his knee. And for a short time the thumb and first finger of his right hand were tortuously busy, while with his left hand he controlled the destinies of the Ford.
Finally he ceased his labors.
“Want some candy?" he said suddenly to Ed the Weasel. "This car is lousy with it."
"Don’t care if I do,” said the Weasel, yawning. "I ain’t et much today."
e
A
»»»
At the same instant
Vacation Hats Are
Pretty and Sleek



SP1



Silver Fox Fur Goes To Queen
At Gift From People of Canada—Queen Mary, the Two Princesses Also Are Present-
m
lion

"Dat hits da spot," he stated, between bites.
“Do enjoy yourself," said Kelly. Presently the girl returned with coffee in thick China mugs. When they had finished drinking Joe handed her a bill.
"Keep the change," he said very grandly.
She flashed him a smile. "Many thanks."
"And just as a token of our esteem,” said Joe, evidently made mellow by the coffee, “accept these chocolate peppermints fine-flavored, a boon to the digestion. Here you are. On the house.” He picked up the box of chocolate peppermints and thrust them at


try

1

Eating Peppermints
Joe reached down to a cardboard packing case under the seat and fumbled in it. He extracted a small
Vegetable Food Values



<


flat box.
“Try these," he said, passing It back to the Weasel. “Chocolate covered peppermints."
The Weasel took the box and he tore at the cellophane wrapper with his fingernail. It came off and presently he was rustling the wax-paper Inside, fighting his way toward the peppermints. For a second the noise of paper rattling filled the back of the car. Under cover of it came a thinner rending sound that was barely audible. And then Joe slipped the oblong object back in his pocket.
"Dese is okay," said the Weasel, with his mouth full of peppermints.

ed

1.	Supply minetal salts to regulate the body.
2.	Supply water to the system.
3.	Supply bulk to the intestins.
4.	Source of heat and energy. 6. Dried vegetable source of tissue building food.
1

For the people of Canada, Prime Minister Mackenzie King presented Queen Elizabeth before her sailing with a twin silver fox stole trimmed with white gold clasps.
At tho private presentation, the prime minister also sent the Queen Mother Mary, through Queen Elizabeth, an Arctic white stole. For the Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret Rose, who stayed at home, there were sets of Marten scarves and muffs.
Chiefs Borrow Wives’ Lipstick
Indians Don “War Paint” to
rip '
Wives Stay Home In Tepee


Delicious.



m

According to Biographer Emil Ludwig, Americans never will suffer under a dictator because of their sense of humor.





her
Gorgeous In feather headdress and beaded costumes, five Indian chieftains met Their Majesties at Kitchener during the Royalfltour, but they had to borrow their war paint from their wives, who stayed at home.
Big Chief Little Valley. Chief Split Water, Chief William Sky, Chief Black Cloud and Chief Red Water, all of Six Nations and the Cayuga tribe, came up from Brantford in f 11 regalia. '	%
Each of the redskins wore hori-sontal ed marks across his fore-
IB^ HPÜjmPH head and several marks across Great Grandmother wore a sun- each cheek. All were of different bonnet and here is the new version shades. Chief Little Valley owned of this old picturesque style. Now . tp that they had to borrow their we wear them in the modern way, j wives’ lipstick. His wife, Mrs. "',y-as a frame for a young face and I log Star, went In for the orange with Jhe oack open. This one is j variety he found most becoming, merely a, well shaped brim held But I left her behind.” he said, on bg„a buttoned or tied band and Evidently when war paint Is worn therefore very easy to make. by braves, a woman’s place Is In the Choose pique, linen or other cot- tepee, ton fabric .. . printed or plain to match or contrast with your summer frocks. For more sophisticated moments you must have r. turban to wind about your curls.
Print or plain silks, cottons or rayons to match sport dresses, fishnet and linen are all perfect fabrics.
Style No. 2667 is designed for one size only. The sunbonnet requires % yard of 36 or 39-inch | material ; the turban requires 2 yards of 36 or 39-inch material. ,
Send Fifteen Cents (16c) (coin preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Tore ni your Name, Ad Natcl
The girl hesitated held hers.
•‘Come on," he said Plenty more where they from.”
She reached for the box then.
Joe’s eyes
,

t
"Take ’em. came
y«r^
PORT CARLING
Sheer white chiffon evening frocks are most popular.
\
i

Important Indian Discoveries Are Being Made In Ontario

leul


16 lo 24 ft Motor Boats
A Fisherman Model at $270.00









By LOUi^C LENNOX
\| fivà J*fLTwi

F

«

The Port Carling Boat Works
Port Carling, Ontario
t!.
¦	• H	- a

f *


w

\



How Women in Their 40's Can Attract Men

Romantic Canadian
Travels Far For Love


(


A Canadian airman, Douglas Lindsay, has arrived In Johannesburg, South Africa, on his honeymoon after a romantic love affair that took him to Australia. * At Prince Albert, Sask., Lindsay saw a film “Woman Alone." He was fascinated by one of the singers, and saw it again. After that, whenever he felt lonely he thought of the tune "Black Eyes" and the singer, Lilian Gray.
Seven months ago he went to Australia where he met Miee Gray and married her.	"

fa#
«

€ -
MfSTi ™ HebU^WO it ÀNT5 "
*


\z
It
Added to the list of discoveries of Indian relics in Canada can be two made recently in Ontario, one of a minor nature <.l skeletons, and another that has created much interest of a Huron village. Edna Assiz holds aloft a skull at the LEFT, part of the discovery of seven skeletons, said to be those of Huron Indiana, and seme coins near Trenton. At the RIGHT two young ladies scrape through material dug up near Ridgetown, site • f tht' ancient Clearvili Indian village, where many important finds have been made. No articles made by white men were discovered, indicating the village, strategically located upon a hill, enjoyed prosperity befoic-th«* coming of explorers. Professor T. F. McIIwraith of the department of anthropology at the Univers! of Toronto and Dr. Philleo Nash, associate keeper of the Royal Ontario museum, are examining the ruins
i

thst of Un fiikka'i is
Write plainly b and Style l e sure to sta e size
Issue No. 27
39
you w .sit
B

#

ML
mk
4

VAt*

* A* /



* 'h r. •


/
A* ^




::

###PAGE###7###


CANADA PACKERS LIMITED
It cannot too often be repeated that the chief condition of health for the Canadian Lire Stock Industry is the securing of satisfactory markets abroad for the Canadian surplus. To secure such markets is a function of Governments, and no one will deny that in this matter, both the present Government and its predecessor have been zealous, and successful.
Under the direction of the Federal Department of Agriculture, a small but interesting experiment has been carried on through the pest year, of shipping Dressed Beef to England. Weekly shipments have been made of
with a good reception. For the	1 _
sold igjJtÊÊÊ
^«=HKsæ@6$a»3 mmsmsmi
probably take ###T* 1,060 carcasses weekly of this type of Beef. If so, the trade might become most useful as a stabilizing influence upon Cattle prices in Canada. To develop it, would require close co-opt, ation between Producers, Government agencies, and Packers. For in connection with it many problems must bo worked out, particularly that of regular deliveries.
REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
om the beginning these ship first time Dressed Beef fr
mente have met rom Canada has
The twelfth fiieal year of Canada Packers Limited ended March 30th.
It Is a conservative estimate that this outlet has been worth 40 million dollars per year to Canadian Pig Producers.
) 939.
Vroftt, after Depreciation, Bond Interest, and Income Tax is $1,288,786.81
Equivalent, on 200,000 Shares, to .........*6.19 per Share. '
Out of this sum it has been decided to distribu in. the current flscel year, aa regular Dividend
that is, —.....*3.00 per Share.
Canada Packers was formed (in 1927) through the merging of four mpanlee. The cnuee for the merger was that for several years three of »e Companies had euffered severe Loesee. By reason of these Losses, Working Capita! was much reduced, and when Canada Packers wss form, td Common Shareholder* were informed It would be necessary for a num-of years to retain Profits, for the purpose of building up Working Capital. In pursuance of this policy, no Dividend was paid on the Common Share* for 8 years,—that la until 18
Since then, Dividends have been paid at the rate of ....*3.00 per Share
**r ^Working Capital la now such that Directors feel Justified year's Profits (....*6.19 per Share) in declaring, In addition to the regular Dividend, an extra Dividend, payable July 3rd, 1989, of.. .*1.00 per Share.
V
ute, dur-
. $ 600,000.00
lack of feed.
###**•*•>n
1937.
The Intimate connection between quantity of feed and Hog production is brought home by the following two tables:—	| ¦	¦
(a)	Grain production for the last 3 years.
(b)	Hog marketings for the last 2 years
.	| ;	GRAIN PRODUCTION
(000,000 omitted)
Wheat	Bari
1936 1937 1938	1936 1987 1938	1936 1937 1988
Co
her
• • • •

• ¦ •
Every new Live Stock problem, and indeed every old one, lends emphasis to the importance of this co-operation between Producers, Government, and Packers. To promote such co-operation should be the constant objective of all groups engaged In the Live Stock Industry.
As a step towards this end, Canada Packers would welcome the appointment, bv representative organizations of Producers, of a Director to the Board of the Company. The duty of this Director would be to study operations of the Packing Industry from the Producers’ standpoint. He would have access to all the records of the Company, and would informed in detail ef Its operations.
It ia felt that this would lead towards a fuller recognition of the unity of interest between Producer end Packer, and that from it might emerge a broader plan which would embrace the whole Industry. If such a plan is to be brought about it must first be tried with a single Company and the Directors feel that Canada Packers, the largest unit in the Industry, should be the one to take the initiative.
At the approaching Annual Meeting, Shareholders will be asked to authorize the plan.	•
Another recommendation, equally Annual Meeting for the approval ox Director who will represent the 1
Canada Packers has
Oats
ey
35.
Alberta . Saskatchewan Manitoba
66	76	143
..	110	36	132
26	45	51
17	22	29
17	5	20
19	36	31
60	77	101
66	22	90
20	48	41
•¦••••••«••«A
ont of this
• •••••
Total West
202 157 326	68	62. 80
185	142 232
be kept

During the year an important replacement has been made in the Company'# Bonds. At the end of the previous fiscal year, (March 81st, 1938) there were outstanding the following Bonds:—	| .gl •
$ 760,000.00 due January 2nd, 1939, Interest rate
760,000.00 "	1940,	“	“ 3%%
¦^¦914 miiia
e
Ontario Quebec
Total Canada___ 219	180 850	72	83
HOG MARKETINGS ( By Province of origin )
14	20	21	14	16 a 17
111	444
67	74	82
47	36	88


102
272	268 371
" 1946,
Total $4,800,000.00
On January 2nd, 1939, the Serial Bond of... $750,000.00 was, duly
Notice has now beam given to call the $3,000,000.00 of 4% Bonds on July 3rd, 1989. These will be replaced by Serial Collateral Trust Debentures, hi the same sum, as follows:—
$760,000.00 due January 2nd,	1941, Interest rate	2	%
750.000.	00	*	"	1942,	"	"	2*%i«|
760.000.	00	...............  1943,	*	u	2*%
760,000.00	“	1944,	-	"	2%%
Issue has been entirely placed By this transaction, after payment of all charges, including the call premium, a saving in Interest will be effected of ... $ 110,000.00 After He completion, the Bonded Indebtedness of the Company will be .......................—......................$3,750,000.00
repayable in amounts of....$760,000.00 on the 2nd dey of January each year from 1940 to 1944 inclusive.
The average rate of Interest of the new Serial Debentures is 2.47
MOO,000.00 "
1937
1938
Decrease
782,857
217,162
280,055
1,631,497
283,087
80,887
àMmÊimKÊÊKM
Saskatchewan _ Manitoba —-Ontario Quebec
Maritimes
986,206
669,728
265,646
1,758,361
342,912
73,559
20.6%
61.9 .
*****
** » •
-
important, will be submitted at the Shareholders. This ie to appoint a Company's Employees.
approximately 5,600 Employees. Of these 8,800 are hourly paid, and 2,000 straight time men (and women). Whatever
«SflÉÈEffi ISBSagg
The Bonus distribution for the past 6 years has been as follows:—
[3fe sE-pid ed ###0%934!^|^MgMg#Ê#MÊ8Ê#8gg2ggg
“	"	1935 .
“	1930..
2.2
7.2
***** *******
17.4
*******
10.0 (increase)
in advance.
of Profit-en Profits
fo
HMpipBHpHRHBH
failures are most serious.
Bonus.
By the same reasoning, the much larger crop of 1938 should be followed by heavijy Increased Hog deliveries in 1989. This increase is not yet in evidence, fliers has not been time. For the sows were bred after the bar* $77.226,732.66	I vest ( August /September), and the early litters are not due to reach market
*~... 800,768,592 lbs. until May /June.
equivalent to:—	| For the first 6 months of 1939, Hog marketings (compared to 1938)
been as follows:—
...$254,500 ... 291,825 , ... 413,275 511,572 192,490 215,905
************
per cent
il
Total Sales for the year were Total Ten nage
The Net Prefit, ( .. $1,238,786.81
1987
44
44
44
44
****************
* « *
¦¦Bp, therefore, |
1.6% ef Sales,
16c per 100 lbs. of product sold
1939_____
61
44
...
***************************
Decrease
1938
1939
ar le (approximately)
products deriving immediately from Live Stock, are Meets and By Product#. These constitute the main volume of the Company’s business. But many other products are dealt in,—for example Canned Goode, Vegetable Oil products. Butter, Eggs, Poultry, Fish, Soap, etc.
Because of the special interest of the Producer, a separate accounting fa kept of purely Live Stock products.
Ou these for the year under review, Profit was..	12c per 100 lbs.
Profit on Cattle (average approximately 1000 lbs.)	$1.20 per head
“	“ Hogs (	“	“	200 “ )	24c “	“
$1,879,567 -
The appointment of an “Employee” Director is a natural development of this Profit-sharing policy. In addition to conceding Employees a logical right, the Directors feel it will further promote the sense of partnership which is the true relation between Shareholders and Employees, and from which the success of this business has to such an extent derived.
A copy of this Report is forwarded to each Employee. As in previous years, the Directors wish to thank Employees of all ranks, on behalf of Shareholders, for work well done.	_
During the year quality of products has improved and cost of production has declined. These steps forward have contributed substantially to the satisfactory result of the year, and are the best evidence of the loyalty and efficiency with which the Comjjanjns served.
President.
##**
25.8%
281,684
284,888
840,717
262,865
861,197
216,864
252,643
389,748
266,067
312,713
January February March
tffz
6 months ....	1,377,625	1,480,291	7.0%
It ia expected that from June forward the increase will be substantial.
exporta of Wiltshire Sides should show
Expressed in relation to Shareholders’ investment. Profits are as fol-	la marked increase,	compared	to the	previous year, and if	Canada harvests
fai	another large crop	in 1989,	Bacon	shipments in 1940 might for the first
approximate the British Quota of ....280,000,000 lbs.
This would be	a notable	event	in the Canadian Pig	Industry, but it
would immediately	introduce	a new	problem. For there	is no reason to
Pig production will stabilise at that exact basis. And if it gees on increasing, an enlarged export Quota would be necessary to keep the Canadian Pig Industry sound. C ^	Cl _	¦ J
This consideration lends special significance to the discussion for the renewal of the Ottawa Agreement, which must be held before August,
It fa important to remember that in these discussions, British ne tors have in mind chiefly the interest of their own Country. The clauses which, in the past 7 years, have proved so helpful to Canadian Pig Producers, were conceived chiefly for the purpose of stimulating Pig pro-1989 | duetion in England. It was realised those clauses would also help the Cana-80 5% I dian Farmer. But for this a quid pro quo was expected. Mutual advantage warn the keynote of the Ottawa Conference, and the discussions were conducted in an atmosphere of goodwill. But nevertheless, there was at the time, and there has continued, a feeling that Canada drove a hard bargain, .2 land in fact got the better of the deal. This is a fact which Canadians should
yffr-lilatp const a
A proposal vitally affecting the Ottawa Agreement has recently been made in the Canadian Parliament;—vis. to impose an Excise Tax upon Vegetable Oils entering Canada from Great Britain.
Canada imports large quantities of Vegetable Oils. She does so be? —— cause she needs them. They are used in the manufacture of two products.
Live Block prices during 1988 were high.	, _ • ,	The demand for a Tax on Vegetable Oils dates back 2 years. At that
Ac fallowing graph sets forth market prices of Hogs and Cattle since	an application was made to the Canadian Government. The reason
assigned was that such a Tax, by advancing the price of Vegetable Oils, would bring about a corresponding advance in the price of Animal Fats,— Butter, Tallow, Lard,—and so the Farmer would be benefltted.
The application was referred to the Canadian Tariff Board, and the finding of this Board was tabled recently in the House of Commons. It recommended an Excise Tax of ... 3c per lb. on Vegetable Oil used in Shortening, and ... 2c per lb. on Vegetable Oil used in Soap. A tentative clause to implement this recommendation was included in the Budget (submitted April 25th, 1939), but subject to the acquiescence of the British
Government	'
The British Government demurred on the following grounds:
(a)	That British shipments to Canada of Vegetable Oil are 1 important.
(b)	That Britain buys annually from Canada... £60,000,000 to ...A60,-000,000 more than Canada buys from Britain.
That in view of this heavy adverse balance, the British Government could not “contemplate with equanimity” a further loss of
(d)	That the imposition of an Excise Tax would have the same effect as a protective Duty, and would therefore be contrary to the Ottawa Agreement which granted FREE entry to Vegetable Oils.
(e)	That the Tax, if imposed, would result in a serious reduction of imports of Vegetable Oil, and the substitution therefor of imports of American Lard.
(f)	That for this reason (because American Lard would flow in) the advance of the price of Canadian Lard would be very slight, and therefore “the proposed Excise Tax would seem to involve a great risk that United Kingdom would be deprived of a large and important export trade to Canada, and that foreign Lard would be substituted with little benefit to Canadian Producers of Lard.”
The memorandum concludes as follows :—
“Attention should perhaps be called to the special advantages afforded to Canadian Pig Producers in respect to Bacon and Ham ky Article V of the United Kingdom-Canada Trade Agreement. These advantages are obviously very much greater than those which the present proposal* arc designed to secure in respect to Lard, which is a relatively unimportant rig By-Product., It should, moreover, not be overlooked that if United Kingdom exports to Canada are substantially reduced, the ability of the United Kingdom to buy Canadian Produce, including Bacon and Ham, might well be affected.”
In view of this demur, the tentative .clause in the Budget imposing the was not implemented, and a serious threat to live stock producers thereby averted.	. /.
The

11.2
.3
2.4
'***
3.8 (increase)

••• *



g.


time
Shareholders* Investment approximately —$18,000,000.00
— ¦—
...$ 800,000.00




Profits
Toronto, 20th June, 1089.


• • •
-
Equivalent to 6.8%


- U 7
*	* > —
r
k Canadian
a
Dividend ....
4,li

Equivalent to 4.4%
Shorelines should be carefully studied by the anglers, remind the guides. As the summer progresses, the shoreline will drop and shallower shore waters develop. Look for inlets of small cold streams or springs. Usually small coves lying close to deep channels are the best productive spots. Do not give up if the lake itself is murky. Too many fishermen, It seems, take one look at the muddy water and turn away. They forget that there are many arms that lead back from the moat lakes and If followed, lead to good fishing grounds. But all the guides agree on this one point, that too much time cannot be spent on examining the lake. The average fisherman goes according to where It looks good and not where it is real good.
These guides should knew what they are talking about for, after all, they do get a chance to meet every type of angler from the least expert to* the mastermind fisherman; and the questionnaire replies came from guides experienced in all types of fishing for all types of Ontario fish. Now that you’ve reached this far, It might be a good Idea to read the above facts over once again!
NOTE—Mr. Baker will be glad

••
Books And You
$
The following is an analysis of Sales, expressed in terms of "v -iRaw materials, •
> - v ' Expenses, '
Profita.

1940.



*ji / v
BY

ELIZABETH EEDY
Year Ended
Average 4 years to March March. 1938 1988 [ 79.2%	81.2%
March
Cost of raw materials, principally Live Stock
Cost ef materials and packages-----------------
Waxes and Salaries, including Bonus
“BURDEN ON DISPLAY”
By Christopher Hale A first-rate yarn of murder mystery in a small town la to be found in “Murder en Display” by Christopher Hale. Mr. Hale knows hie small town types quite intimately, and he has given us here a story which will be enjoyed the more because It Is not only the tale of a
2.6
3.1
2.7
8.6
8.9
8.8
*****
4.4
4.5
6.2
.2
.2
Internet ou Bonds Taxes
.6
.7
****
97.2
97.3
97.8
Tetul Cost of Product, plus Expenses....
Depreciation on Fixed Asset#------
Frofit from operations
1.1
1.0
1.1
*****
1.6
1.2
1.7
•••••¦••**¦••*•••*****
***********
100. % 100. %
.2
.1
Income from Investments |
Total Profit, including Income from
•• •••••••• ******
1.3%
1.9%
ts
*#*###»*** ********************* * *#
murdvred woman was the town gossip, and naturally, therefore, a good many people breathed easier when they heard that she was dead.
Those who have read “Stormy Night” will doubtless remember Bill French, the attractive lieutenant of the State Homicide Squad, who was the hero of the earlier hook by Mr. Hale. To Bill falls the task of solving the murder of Mrs. Ivy Sanders, and believe it or not, it was not Bill, but a blind woman, who discovered the murderer! This Is lively reading from cover to cover.
1931
Bacon Hogs, f.o.b. Ontario Country points. Good Steers, 1060 lbe. down, Toronto market.
u
e

*
«
I
large and


diseuse say particular subject you wish.
I
Î
X
“Murder on Display” ... by Christopher Hale . . . Toronto: Doubleday, Doran A Co., Ltd $2.25.
I
I
*,
•i • • •
».

v
I
I
“We know that the path of least resistance leads to ruin os surely as does the path of conquering force.”—Albert Einstein.
4
I
I
NTARIO
UTDOORS
fcU
Ul
rm
in
4.U
SB____IB
SB____IH
AikU bee hi
4M
447
in
The two early years depicted in the graph, were the low period of the depression. Since then a great advance in prices has occurred, and it is m-
By VIC BAKER
«tractive to examine the causes.	.	. ..	. ,_____
TV graph reveals that the Cattle price dragged on bottom much longer
than did the Hog price, and that the advance when it did come was less than
GUIDES TELL ALL
Recently a questionnaire waa circulated among a large number of guides In Ontario and the results concerning lake fishing should be of interest to most fishermen, especially those of us who have our troubles rousing the big fellows.
Most anglers, according to the guides, dreg their lures too fast for lake fishing; the slower the action the better. Many use too large plugs; smaller ones should be tried but don't forget to slow down the action.
?11 disturbances must be eliminated, even more than the majority of anglers realise, caution the guides. Fly fishermen should use at least a S-0 spinner for baas and work the shaded shorelines when using artificial baits. Only rarely will the fishermen get a strike from shadeless deep water when using artificials. Early morning or late evening are the best times to fish the lake* although over 79 per cent, of the guides Indicate they prefer the dawn hours.
As reason is well known. Prices for both had been extremely low be-« a use Canada produces a surplus of Cattle and of Hogs, and in 1931, and 1932, no markets abroad could be found for those surpluses.	n
In the case of Hogs the situation was relieved by the Bacon Quota clauses of the Ottawa Agreement That Agreement was August, 1932. In Canada the Bacon clauses became effective March, 1938.
(At the expiry of the first 6-year term,-in August, 1987,-Ahty were re-1 Tax i #¦ w('d for 3 years. That renewal expires August 20th, 1940.)
In the case of Cattle, relief also came from the re opening of a market
H0CS.	. ^tSSSSP’.i «£•£»¦. b« b, «b. .... »« Ü»
«uS	5“i£	n
«inrie trsdeconceaiion ever accorded Canada has compared with it. in im- porta of Cottle to United State: for the year to date, ma compared to last
cas îtsstfS .'ïBî.îe&tsïSï.T: sft sgH - -	«-ga
into effect, the price had advanced to . 9c per lb. And since that tin -¦ the
average price, year by year, has been as follows —
r	(Bacon Hogs, f o b.
..	$7.86 per 100 lbs.
8.21 * « " m •*
8.60 “ *
916 -	*
iÆ
H


X* i

«

FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
*• # •

4,462
3.04*
10,171
4,271
4,869
29.6: X 9,276
UM .
26 >40 22,775*
January .. February March ....

• ••
Z
1C, .
1984

* #

• e - •

1987 EE
• • * *#

41
44
••••••••
26.319
«.««•••a»

“2 nu..
Total
#4

'# a ### *****

•••»
64
•Estimated
1938 ...

• •


###PAGE###8###

Look Here
Mrs. Wm Dean Dies In Her 78tb Year
Shawville Beauty
Shoppe
For Salp, Wants, Found
Lost ole.
PEDLAR’S
The death occurred on Saturday, I July 8th. at the home of her mom, jlletbert Dean, at Norway Hay, of Mrs. Win, Demi, in her year.
The late Mrs. Dean, was formerly Emily Smart, adopted daughter of the late Mr. ami Mrs. Thomas Smart, of Stark's Corners, and wn* mat t ied to Win. Dean, about 55 rears ago and predeceased her by our years. She was a member of the Presbytciian church.
The funeral service was held at her late residence, Stark's Corners, on Tuesday afternoon, 11th hist . with Rev. A. Downing, Pentecostal minister in chaige, assisted bv Rev. 1). K. Andrews, Pastor of Bristol Memorial Presbyterian church.
Pall bearers were, Messrs Herb. Elliott, Erwin Smart, Harvey Wilson, Harry Hobbs, John Sal-way and Fred Smart.
Left to mourn are four sons, | Eiutuerson, of Hiistol Mines, Que Arthur, of Malartie, Ont ; James, of Stal k's Corners, Que ; and Herbert, of Norway Bay, Que.
O
78th
ROOMS TO RENT—Two nice largo room* to let, with or without board. Apply to Mm. Hecron Telford, Main Street, Shaw ville.
Metal Roofing
and Siding
FOUND—On Saturday morning on Centre Street, at the Bank of Montreal, a fountain pen. Owner may have same calling at this office and paying for ad.


Permanent Waves from
$1.00 to $7.50
/
FOR SALE—One ten foot Moodle hay rake, In good condition ; one dark grey , two years old and one aged horse, quiet and sound. Apply to Gkorok Cami’Iiki.l, R. R. No,:) Shaw ville. Phone <9».
L W
colt
%
Barn and Stable Equipment
i
r
à
j
WANTED — At once, car load of Holstein heifers, to freshen on or about August 15th ; also can handle a number grade Holstein heifers or backward cow». Apply to Leonard Bklshkr, Shaw ville. Phone .‘W.
Finger Waves Shampoo, -
25 cents
;
ROOl ING
25 cents
Stavk Wood For Salk — In bundles, dry and culled staves, pine limited. Place your order at once. Apply to Borden Corrigan. at Stave Mill. Phone
We handle everything in these lines
Roofing Carried in Stock
f
•I
*».
Open from
....	9.00 a.m. to 7.00p.m.
Tuesdays and Saturdays 9.00 a.m. to 11.00 p.
Painting and Whitewashing—All
kind# of painting and white washing, by power machine done at reasonable pi Ice». Apply to M. Kkiioe, Wyman. Phone.
m.
DEAN BROS.
8$).
An Appeal
Miss Vera Klatt
FOR SALE — Special bargains — It Window Frame* with vcntelatlng shutter* ; 8 Window Screens copper wire In metal frames, large ; Laying Hens, one-year old ; Cream Separator, farm sire Apply to R. W. Hoduins, Shawvllle.
Stark’s Corners,
Shawvllle R. R. No. 2.
Quebec
Phone 9-19
The Shawville Cemetery Renovation Board call attention to the following facts in regard to the cemeteries of the Anglican and
United churches, on Main street. I ""war—war- ¦¦ v>r—.tli—	_u WE'VE GOT IT !—Vroaneroua Mr-
uifgsMMtiMas -—_____________________________________________________________fiMBUK ëi
the past nve yean.	maRW ivn	I.	be sold direct from factory to consumer#.
Jnd-That the cost of renovation I	mAKYLAND	ity of expressing our sincere apprécia- SU CCESS ASSURED. Write today
for labour, tools, etc., is about I	—	lion of your ever-willing and kind no- for Free Particular*. FA MI LEX PRO
which most of our money is le Mrs. Erhen Sa in mon, in North Bay. couragement have been an incentive to !
pzjss su“ m jara.
4th—That this venr less than I relatives in thi? vicinity.	ship and may it always *erve to remind world has a “Monkey Wrench cor-
riVi become in for the work ! Mr. and Mrs. .Io„Th Murphy, daugb-	,
which the committee, trusting in ter, June, and son, Kenny, spent the Our love that ever deepens the people s goodwill, has continu past week the guests of Mr. and Mre.	With the passing of the days
3SSEL.
installing the water system i *	the day and many, many more barmy I r<
through the cemeteries that grass Mra. W. J. Trudeau, daughters Hath- , birthdays, we are,	1 “
and flowers may be properly cared leen and Mildred, and non, Vincent, of for.
Shawvllle,
PHONE 66-w
Quebec
Work Clothing
Extra Hard Wearing
ner,M a street intersection near the docks where sailors congregate to exchange news and stories, spot ist so named, says Collier's Weekly, because it is usually crowded with unemployed seamen, “monkeys," who wait there to borrow money from, or put the - wrench" on, those in better circumstances.
Work Boots, full grain
leather, now at
The
$2.95

\<
v'~\
or
/
x
/
\
Work Shirts,
C'hambray, which you will find very satisfactory 753
in blue
\ our devoted friend*, the member* Toronto, are sending the Summer vac*- of the Ladies’ Auxiliary.
So we ask, all interested in the
.	.	.	.	, tion with Mrs. Trudeau s mother. Mrs
U.™” toV the”'fund™ by1" Ending I)an McCaffre>’. Marylaud,
amounts to Dr. D. J. Campbell treasurer.
The Editor of The Equity haejish on Thursday afternoon, July C. donated the space below in which subscriptions will (edged.
blank space below can l
Ci\!> U'taeM buy
Mrs. Jos Manary, President Miss Beatrice Martin, Sec’ty
, Miss Lena Moyle was hostess to the I Ladies' Auxiliary of St. Edward’s Par
y
Mrs. Gallagher thanked everyone for their kindness in a few appropriate voids.	ggg
The evening was spent in playing bridge and euchre. Dainty refreshments were served by Mrs Thomas Gallagher and Mrs. Thos Martin, as-aisled by M Martin.
Overalls,
blue denim
good quality
$1.50
On Thursday evening the members of
Let us see how #oon%IlDhe.L.adie«' Auxiliary of St. Edward’s
Parish and several friends assembled at
the home of Mrs. Patrick Gallagher to honor her on her birthday. During the evening the guest of honor was presented with a beautiful statue and an address was read by Mias Zita Martin, as follows :
Dear Mrs. Gallagher This evening we, your friends and the members of the Ladies’ Auxiliary, are very happy to
greet you and to congratulate you on church grounds. Monday even-the occasion of your birthday.	lug» July 17th, Good program.
We would like to take this opportun- Admission, 85 and 85 cents.
• • •
tilled.
•ii
Grey Drill
Work Trousers
Well made aud roomy Special at
isses M. Hannaberry and B.
Straw Hats,
bargain at..
Cemetery
Donations
Yvu can still get Bray Chick# In most breeds. But last regular 198J hatches are now in incubators. Act quickly If jou want July chick* of famous Biay quality—sturdy, fs*t growing, early laying. Augest hatches to order only.
15c
$1.50
The annual lawn social of Bristol Memorial Church will be held on
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
G. HAROLD BOULTON
Bristol Egg â Poultry Assooiatioa BRISTOL. OUB
PERSONAL MENTION
Mr. Mason Thorpe, of Williamsburg, Out, is spending a few days Mr. and Mrs Goldie Swartz leit at the Parsonage a guest of Hev. last week to take up residence in A. F. Pokes.
South Porcupine.

mi
%
*
r


% av
• % V"'1x*


’ \
M
>/
s\
<4


J
Mrs. M. M. Ross, ]{. N , of Mont real, is spending her vacation with her sister, Mrs. C H. Mac-Lum, and othei relatives.
x x



M
Mrs. W. J. Dagg, of Ottawa, is visiting at the home of Mrs. Alf. Draper this week.
Mr. and Mrs. Ha Hand Row at and children, visited relatives Atholstan, Que., this week.
xVxv


\


>s
K
#
ml
v ét


v;
0 V
J
t

Jm

Mrs. H. Millar and daughter. Miss Marjorie, have ietuined to tlieir home in Ottawa, after a two Mr. Win. Stanton, of Noranda, weeks* vi>it with their relatives in is visiting relatives in town and at town.
Quyon this week.

at


/
>
s*sc.
'v v\
%
^	Mrs. Geo. Hyei lay and children,
Mi-. S. Moffat, of Ottawa, was a Gladwyn and Anita, of Engleharf, recent guest at the home of her ; Ont, visited at the home of her sister, Mrs. John F Dale.	! brother, Mr. Allan M-K «y. during
the past week.

i
V
V

Miss Elaine McDowell is visiting at the home of her shier, Mrs. A. Olmsted, in Aylmer.


Miss Margaret McKillop, of Ottawa is spending a vacation at the Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Whitman, of home of her grandparents Mr. and London, Out, arrived in town Mrs. J. H. McKillop in Bristol.
Tuesday to visit friends for a few Messrs. Frank Kirkpatrick. Wily	I fred Dittle and Geo. W Bedes, of
Carleton Place, visited friends and relatives in town and vicinity dmlng the past week
m

Mrs. R G. Hodgins, Pres. Rev. A. F. Pokes, Sec’ty


Tha RMS. Britannia, Canada'• first gleam packet, which made its first Atlantic crowing in July. 1840.

-•>

Mr. ('hris Langford, of Almonte, Ont-, is «pending a vacation at the
S. Lang-
a •
&¦ JCi
home of his mother, Mrs. ford.
Used Cars
LEADERSHIP
Mr. and Mrs. Math McKell and little son, Wayne, of Aubrey, Que , were recent visitors «t the home of Mrs. Me Kell's parent®, Mr. and Mrs. \V. 11. Corrigan.
Mr. and Mrs. Geo Heliner and granddaughter, Muriel, of South Porcupine, Out, are visiting at the home of her father, Mr. Andrew Piiie, Murrells.
Misses Edna Fades and Marjorie rranee, of Carleton Place, were
week guests of Miss Lorna Hodgins.
1985—Chevrolet Sedan 1931 —Chevrolet Sedan
1937—	Pontiac Coach
1938-	Will y s Pick-up 1938—Ford Tudor Deluxe 1920—Plymouth Coupe 1937- Dodge Coach
1931 —Buick •
1931—Plymouth Sedan 1931 — Dodge Sedan 1930-Ford Sedan All ready to goat reasonable prices.
z
IN an era of sails it took real courage and vision to inaugurate an "ocean railway". Today the hazard and experiment in new undertakings is greatly lessened by the up-to-date facilities of modern banks, one hundred years we have had experience with almost every conceivable type of business problem. We welcome opportunities to place this experience at yoùr disposal.
Coast to Coast in Canada
NEWFOUNDLAND, JAMAICA, CUBA» PUERTO RICO, DOMINICAN REPUBLIC, NEW YORK, CHICAGO, BOSTON, LONDON, ENGLAND.
'/

Mrs. Matt Owens and children. (d South Porcupine, are occupying the Alexander cottage at Sand Bay.
Sir Samuel Cunard
Born in Halifax in 1787, Sir SomuelCanord woe the founder of the Cunard Steamship Line and the pioneer of regular ocean navigation. Hie was the dream of "on ocean railway", as he termed it, with steam oper-
il! over
Miss Myrtle E. Dunlop has left
tor Halifax, where she will attend Mr. and Mrs. Ken Phillips and Summer School at Dalhousie Uni* daughter. Margaret, of Ottawa,
are spending their vacation et the heme of Mrs. Phillips parents, Mr. and Mrs. Austin McDowell.
Mies Leona Judd, of Ottawa ;
Mis. K Titus and daughter, Win-nifred, of Lakewood, N J., are
spending a few weeks’vacation at .s ^	^	~ .
the home of Mr. and Mrs. John ;| UOdg© 8.110 D© oOtO Lester.
versity.
Misses Gwen W illiams and Marion Hurd, of Ogdensburg, N. Y were recent guests of tne former’s sister, Mrs. Asa Smart
Dr. Wallace Hodgins, of Mont-roal. is spending his vacation the home of his pm rents Mr. and Mrs. John L Hodgins.
Mr. and Mrs. Win. Devenny and daughter. Sybil, of Swastika, Ont., were recent guests at the home of Mr. and Mrs. W E. Shaw.
Mr. and Mrs. liobt. McKinnon, of Schumacher, Ont., are guests at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Herbert C. Hodgins, this week.
Miss Dorothy Hayes, Reg. N., of Toronto, is spending a vacation at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mis. W. J. Hayes.
railway* on land.
This dream was realised exactly 100 years
bon of the "British and North American Mail Steam
ago—in 1839—with the f
at
Packet Company.” The next year, R M S.
"Britannia" arrived in Halifax, July 16th, 1840.
Sales and Service
Mr. J. Hudson and daughter, Helen, of Hudson Heights ; J Ariel Kemp, of Blackburn; Messrs. H. and C. Vi pond, of Aylmer, were week end guests at the home of Mr. Hazelwood Elliott.
Mr. and Mrs. R. T. Williams, of Cardinal, Ont, were guests of their daughter, Mrs. Asa Smart, for a few days of last week, turning home they were accom panied by their grandchildren, Marjorie and Phyllis Smart.
Miss
Ford Service
mm





% BANK .1
'& NOVA SCOTIA
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
<

6




J. P. Wilson


Main Street Shawvllle, Quebec
Phone 40
Re
OVER A CENTURY OF BANKING EXPERIENCE
:
:
I
