###PAGE###1###
^kauiTY
A
pen annum In Advance U to the United States

TIIUItSDAY. JAKUA11Y 1>. 1040
tiHAVVVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
No. 31. ù7tii ï ea it
GEORGES CARON GOWLING
BUSINESS COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
PERSONAL MENTION
f
The liminal meeting of tin* Slmwville I ni ted congregation postponed on Monday l^cmse ot inclement wentln i\ “ ;M 1	' " ' '
Shaw ville Hardware
B. C. L
0. A
Advocate, Barrister
At CampbeTs Bay Friday, Saturday and Monday
, Mrs Man son McDowell visited will be held velatives in Montreal lor thejweek-Thursday evening of this week, vlui.
Jim. 18th, at * o’clock, in the Sim-j M|lf| ('|nrelu.e Farrell returned !&rtï”ldnd”tto,, S SSS-J'-t week from vUitiug Mend, at followed by refreshments*.
on
Pratts Food and Poultry Tonic
Sudbury.
mil, at 2 30 o'clock. Program : - Mrs. A. O. hades returned this Paper on Canadian Industries, by week from visiting relatives and Mrs. Gilbert Carmichael. Roll | friends at Orillia, Ont call — Name Canadian Industry and where carried on.
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer
The finest and most
Attend a e<ta Wished
premises
modern in Ontario school with an reputation. Open all year
Cuts Feed Bill : Get Some Today
r K V II RS C N TIN O COM PA N1 ES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
Miss Myrtle Stephens, of quyon, was a guest ¦ of Miss Barbara Woodley for a) few; Jays of the past week.
Mr. Gilraonr Ilmlgins, R C AT., Ottawa, spent the past week-end .	, with his parents, Mr.'fand Mrs
Although inclement weather I |]nr(at Hudgins, at Yarm. conditions prevailed a good number of the members of the Church	,
attended the Annual Meeting on Carle ton 1 lace, Ont, «pent the Monday morning.	week end at the home of In *
The Rector, Rev. T. IC. R. Nurse, ents, Mr. and Mrs. Ilaro.d II. Hod-
acted ns chairman, with Dr. U F. | gins.
C l’owles, secretary of the Vestry, recording the minutes.
Various member* of the church organizations were present and reports of their year's work were given by the following : Ladies Guilds senior by Mrs. W. K. Shaw; junior guild, Mrs. II. Judd ; A V.
I* A. by Herbert Wickens. These organizations showed a year of activity with each reporting credit balances at Dee. 31st.
The report of the cemetery committee w *s presented by Mr. Thus.
Hades and lend by the chairman.
Mr. Alton Stark reported for the Sunday School The co-operation of parents was sought in this portant w ork of the church. I he average attendance, he stated, at weekly classes wan only about fifty per cent, of the total enroll
ment. Hope was expressed that parents would lend their support to the officer- an 1 teachers of the Sunday School in thi- vital matter of their childrens spii itual welfare.
The financial statement of the larish was given by Di.C. F. Ç.
There was a credit balance in the parochial •account, but a deficit in contributions to Missions. Some members felt a reduction in the Mission a^ess. ment should be sought, others, however, felt we should keep the
to Missions at the same
One member of
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
W. E. COWUIIC President
Poultry Regulator and Egg Producer Hog Worm Powder and Tonic Heave Cough and Cold Remedy Poultry Worm Tablets Animal Regulator,
Roup Remedy Lice Killer
Members of St. Paul s Congregation Hear Report of Year's Work at Annual Meeting
JAMES A. MILLAR
B A. L L. L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
Hodgins, of
Mr. Wilmer H

BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
465 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA, ONTARIO
Wednesday morning]
*
Many Shawville friends will be pieced to learn that Miss Catherine Hodgins, who ha° completed her probation period, has been accepted ai nurse in training at Renfrew Victoria Hospital.
HARLAND 0. ROW AT
NOTARY PUBLIC
6CiENTIHC £Y£ EXAMINATIONS
Specialists on ai! Visual and Muscular E,e Defects
t. t. mm«. u. m»«,
attended the semi annual meeting R Optometrist of the Provincial Womens Institute in the V.W.C.A. building in Montreal on Saturday last -.—Mis.
W. J. Murray, County President ;
Mis- A. I: Prin hard. Provincial Treasurer, and Mrs R. W. Hod* gins, County Convener of Agriculture.
Graduate of McGill University
Est. C. J. Caldwell
SHAWVILLE, QUE
Reg. Optometrist
Oi M< E—In the G. F. Ilodgms Building Main Street, Shawville. Que.
ENGAGEMENT
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
ClIISNELI.— UH K80N
Mi*, and Mrs. W, G. Chi-nell, Shawville, Que , wish to announce the engagement of their daughter, Edna Maude, to Reverend William A Dickson, -on of Mrs. A<hi Dick-1, Newcastle on Tyne, England. Marriage to take place quietly the latter part of this month.
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Quo (In Lawn Block)
un
Severe Storm Caused “Black out” in Shawville
-on
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A, LL.B , C.L.
Advocate, Barrister etc.
A heavy -now fall, accompanied by strong winds of blizzard like proportions prevailed in thi- district on Sunday blocking all mad-aml doing serious damage to electric and telephone lines. The electric current was off in town from late Sunday afternoon until Monday afternoon.
On Sunday night short circuits along the power lines caused weird
light lla-hes and many of the senior Hockey League street lamps and some trails- j^e organized formers exploded with loud reports.	Mr. Jus Quinn, of Campbell s
The telephone exchange report- ;*,*y was elected president ot the ed that half the rural lines were polltiac Senior Hockey League, at out of order. Travel out ot town a re organization meeting held at by any mean- was almost im|>ossi- Campbell’s Bay, on W edit e-day of hie and the few who attempted , |flst week. Hugh Proud foot, of the going found themselves in ! Campbells Bay, will be the sec re difficulty when their horses refus- turv
ed to face the terrific blast, got. The three competing teams are stranded in deep drifts, or when shawville, Campbell 9 Bay and cutters overturned. All church Fort Coulonge.
services on Sunday evening were. jn the first game played at cancelled.	. j Campbells Bay on Friday night,
The wind and snow continued p\)rt Coulonge defeated the home throughout Monday although the team j,y 3—0 All goals were scor weather was mild. On Tuesday it I eij \u the overtime peiiod. cleared and became extremely Due to inclement weather. Fort cold, the mercury dropping sever- Coulonge was unable to travel to al degrees below zero.	Shawville tor a scheduled game on
?	—	Monday night.
The dates for the remaining
Mr G F. Hodgins Dies Aged 74 Years
I
Hull, Que
As Tub Equity goes to press it ¦;innouneed that MrhG. F.
Maim Street
Special Bargains
Phone, Slier. 1354
was _ _	.
Hudgins died at an Ottaw i Ho-pi Ht three foclock this morning, Wednesday.
!
*o\vle-
Xt Pontiac House, Shawville, Que every Friday evening
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B.A., L.L.B.,
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
givings
mark of $365.00
the Vestry then offered to contribute the amount that this fund may be short at the end of 1040 extra Missionary Contribution With thi- offer the amount
left at JO.
The Hector gave a report ot parish conditions, the number of families, confirmed members, vices taken and marriages performed.	.
Attention was drawn to parish records showing that in the -pritig of 1810 the first Anglican Church building was begun. The building was completed in 1841. In that year the Rev. I) Falcon became the first resident clergyman of the church. It was pointed out this did not imply that no Anglican services had been held in the district before this date. Anglican Missionaries had covered the district many years before a resident clergyman was stationed in the parish. '
Thus next year theevntenery ot the parish would be observed.
Reference was also made to the twenty five years of service
caretaker performed by Mr. and
The report
referred to the faithful manner in which their duties had been performed.	,	. ee
Mrs. C. F. C Powles and Mr. R. W. Hodgins also spoke of the excellent manner in which their duties were being carried out. Mr. C W. Schwartz, peoples warden, then read an address ot ap.
predation to Mr. and Mrs. Storey after which he presented them with a sum of money contributed by the members of the congregation.
as
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with by correspondence
an
Boys' Windbreakers
Heavy Weight, Black frize, Buttoned, pleated back straps, etc., Special
was
«ei
R. MILLER WALLACE
BARRISTER PHONE, 2-2219
$1.49
AVOCAT
189 NAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay
++++++++++++++++++++++++ ++++++++++++++++++++++++
every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p in.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
Boys’ Coat Sweaters
Close-knitted, Heavy-weight, Mottled Colored Coat Sweaters. Extra value
Municipal Nominations
games are:—
Jan 17—Campbells Ray at Ft Coulonge “ 19—Shawville at Campbell's Bay 41 22—Campbell’s Bay at Shawville 44 24—Shawville at Fort Coulonge “ . 2#}—Fort Coulonge at Shawville 41 31 —Campbell’s Bay ac Ft. Coulonge Feb 2—Shawville at Campbell’s Bay 44	f>—Campbell’s Bay at Shawville
44	7 -Shawville" at Fort Coulonge
Officers of Shawville team ate : President, Krskine Hodgins ; svere tary, il. C. Rowat.
Harold Walker; manager, Kemnns
Elliott.
Nominations of councillors for the Councils Boards in this district took place on Wednesday of last week with most of the retiring members being returned without opposition.
In Shawville J. M. Argue was returned and Milaiu Strutt and J. J. Caldwell replaced the other retiring councillors, R. P. Fades and C N. Woodley.
Ira Hanna, Jas. Judd and Jas. VVHelen, retiring councillors of Clarendon township, were each given second term* in office.
In Bristol Thos. A. Orr defeated Frank K Murdock 56 votes to 17, for seat No. ?>,- in that Council. Robfc. Fitzsimmons and Milton Henderson, the other retiring councillors were given acclama
w —
D. J. CAMBPELL i
$1.49
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
Phone 8 I.

as
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
Mrs. John Storey
Children’s Coat Sweaters
treasure:
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of MeGilf University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell s Bay from h riday night to Monday night of each week
Sizes 2,4, 6, only, guaranteed dollar value Limited quantity at
Agricultural Society Notes
The Secretary wishes to acknowledge the inadvertently omitted name of the Estate C J Caldwell, Shawville Hardware, as donor of $5.00 on the printed list of donors before the Fair.
Tuesday, Jan. 23rd, at 2,00 p. m. is the time set for the annual meeting of members of the Society We ask for a good attendance.
R. W. Hodgins.
Secretary.
49cts.
++++++++++++++++++++++++ ++++++++++++++++++++++++
turns.	„ .	1$
The Councils of Leslie and Thorne townships and of the village of Bryson will remain as in 1939.
In a few words Mrs, Storey told the gathering she was taken by
and at this time could say
Dr. R. E. DAGG
Men’s Camelhair Coats
Three Coats Only, Regular $25.00
surpris»» no more than “thank you .
General church matters were then discussed and expression of thanks extended to all for their work during the past year.
The following were then appointed to office :
Rectors w arden. Thomas hades ; peoples warden, Herbert W ickens; sidesman, R. W. Hodgins, convener, Gordon Brownlee, assistant convener, Keith Hodgins, John Howard, Bordon Hodgins, Keith Brownlee, Irvine Brownlee, Eric Judd, Flvin Corrigan, John Hod gTiis, Llewelyn Hodgins and Lloyd I)agg ; finance committee, Thos. Fades. A G. Brough, Dr. Towles, R. G. Hodgins, Rector, Wardens, Mrs. L Strutt and Mrs Smyth ;
John L. Gordon
SURGEON DENTIST
Interesting Demonstration In Art and Handicrafts
Under the sponsorship of the Women's Institutes of FI inside and Wyman, a meeting largely attended by the ladies of the community was held in the Parish Hall, St. Edward’s Church, Bristol.
The meeting was given over to Mrs. A. K. Phipps, Kensington Ave., Ottawa, who lectured and demonstrated on Art and Handicrafts, with especial reference to handmade hooked rugs. Splendid specimens of work were seen in rugs, chair-seats, small pictures, Work was started by some of those in attendance, and it is hoped that this may be the start of a class in handicrafts.
The instructions given by Mrs. Phipps were found very helpful I thorough, and the class spoke
highly of them. JHÏHHifl
Lunch was served
which time thanks was extended to Rev. Father Sullivan for the of the Hall, and to the ladies who assisted in serving.
609 Drummond Medic» 1 Building
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE PLATEAU 63 8 8
War Loan Left Open For Small Subscribers
(Special)
Ottawa, Jan. 17 — The Bank of Canada announce today oil be halt of the Minister of Finance, that at the close of business last tug ht, cash subscriptions to the hirst War Loan had been received to the amount of $218.804,550 As the amount ot the loan to he issued for cash is hunted to <200,000,00U subscriptions not already confirm cu cannot be allotted in full. In ex BELAIR 3 257 pressing extreme satisfaction at	—
the response to the offering, ofli*	AAU m# r>
, H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
scribers, pavtlcnlat ly those in more , distant parts of the country may have a further opportunity to enter their applications. Such subscriptions, however, can only be taken subject to allotment.— j
National Publicity Committee.
$19.95
Out they go at
0%. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
etc
cemetery committee.
Hodgins, Geo. Hynes,
Brownlee. L H y lies, W. H. Corrigan, A. G. Brough, W. E. Shaw, A. Sly, Wardens of St. Paul’s and Wardens of Holy Trinity; auditors R. G Hodgins and A. Sly.
Refreshments were served at the close of the meeting by mem» bers of the Ladies' Guild.
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL A STS BUILDING
180 METCALFE STREET
an
Quebec
Shawville
at noon, at
- ONT
OTTAWA

PHONE, 2-7961
use
. *

v
###PAGE###2###
w -
ccipts over expenditure of $28.-for the fisenl year ll>39. Thi* for 1Ü38 was $8,613.
Ontario Village
Shows Surplus
“Hunchbacks" of Finland Terrify Russian Troops
excess
Receipts this year were $ 140,792 and* expenditures



Sunday
School
Lesson
«-.-'.-.TV
¦et

%

$112,624

belter and
Things are getting
the village of Rock cl i< lc

in» vu*es of il liciti-î«n<l during the increased 126 to
There were pl.tyment relief year population • 1,302.
better in Park, near Ottawa.
The annual report of the council showed an actual excess of re-
ù *
rt M
1
»


t
l
H
i This Curious World
A
By William Ferguson
/
LESSON H
THE PROBLEM OF FORGIVENESS Matthew 18:15—19:30
m
>



THERE ARE NO
/
'
ICEBERGS
IN THE NORTHERN
PAC/FfC.
OCEAN
Golden Text — "Forgive us our debts, as we also forgive our debtors.'* Matt. 6:12.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time — The teaching recorded In chapter 18 was given in the autumn of A.D. 29. All that is recorded in chapter 19 occurred in February and March of the following year, A.D. 30.
Place — All the teaching here recorded in chapter 18 was given in Capernaum. The nineteenth chapter opens in Galilee, but the events pt the rest of the chapter are in Peraea.
ft
«
i
/


A

\
\
\


i

i

'i
i
The Law of Forgiveness 21. Then came Peter and said unto him, Lord, how oft shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him? until seven times? Peter's query indicated that he still regarded forgiveness as something eutward and quantitative rather than something inward and spiritual. 22. Jcsue saith unto him, I say mot unto thee, Until seven times; hut, Until seventy times seven. Jesus clearly means unlimited forgiveness here. 23. Therefore is the kingdom of heaven likened unto a certain king, who would make a reckoning with his servants. This Is the first of the parables in which God appears as king. We are the servants with whom he takes account.
THE COMMON CURE FOR HEADACHES IS A
c&ushe:c> o/v/oa/,
MASSAGED ON "THE FOREHEA.D
»*?*, O

wraiths, leaving confusion, terror and death in their wake.
>
Y>u
C’

r'VfO
giving the birds a thorough cull-
room will be available.
king was angry, and this is the main less'n of the parable. An unforgiving spirit is sure to provoke the anger of '^J. When sinners offend again, it revives the guilt of their otherwise forgiven sins. 35. So shall also my heavenly Father do unto you, if ye forgive not every one his brother from your hearts. Is not the great message here one concerning the attitude ot Christ toward those who have sinned against him? "As God has forgiven my brother who has sinned against me."
lings; and he laid hold on him, and took him by the throat, saying, Pay what thou oweet. (“shilling” amounted to about 17c or about ten times that much in comparative value today). According to Roman law a creditor was allowed to drag his debtor by the throat before the tribunal. The harsh form in which he demanded payment demanded special attention. His address to the fellow servant implied his own condemnation. 29. So his fellow-servant fell down and besought him, saying, Have patience with me, and I will pay thee. 30. And he would not: but went and cast him Into prison, till he should pay that which was due. Such is man, so harsh and hard, when he walks otherwise than in a constant sense of forgiveness received from God. ignorance or forgetfulness of his own guilt makes him unforgiving and cruel with others.
The Wicked Servant Condemned II. So when his fellow-servants saw what was done, they were exceeding sorry, and came and told unto their Lord all that was done. 32. Then his lord called unto him, and saith to him, thou wicked servant, I forgave thee all that debt, because thou besoughtest me: 33. shouldest not thou also have had mercy on thy fellow-servant, even as I had mercy on thee? 34. And his lord was wroth, and delivered him to the tormentors, should pay all that was due. For the first time we are told that the
mg more Then, too, it never pays to keep the “star-boarders” in the flock, the undersized birds as they are sure to decrease the income from the flock in more than one
¦
nor

7003 ISLANDS
COMPOSING THE
PHIL. /PP/hJElS
have a total area
NO GREATER. THAN THE STATE OF
A&/Z.ONA.

/
way.
—o—
ROOTS AS FEED
While roots are from 80 to 90 percent water, they are a great help in keeping the cow's digestive tract well supplied with this necessity. Chemists have termed them “watered concentrates,” because they have in the water present in their natural state some elusive tonic agent that has yet no laboratory label on it. They are food and drink combined. They make just such an appeal to the cow’s taste as apples, pears, peaches and other juicy fruits make to the taste of the human being.
A root cellar is just as necessary an equipment of the dairy farm as a silo. Root crops are a benefit to the land, a silage saver, a most excellent cattle feed, and a dairy safety valve.
the
24. And when he had begun to reckon, one was brought unto him, that owed him ten thousand talents. (A talent was about a thousand dollars). 25. But forasmuch as he had not wherewith to pay, his tord commanded him to be sold, and his wife, and children, and all that he had, and payment to be made.
2# The servant therefore fell down and worshipped him, saying, Lord, have patience with me, and I will pay thee all. 27. And the lord of that servant, being moved with a compassion, released him, and forgave him the debt. The servant apparently had no indication of the enormity of bis debt, which as a servant he would never be able to pay. The extent of the Lord's compassion is here Indirectly compared with the vastness of God's forgiveness of sinners.
Towards One's Inferiors 28. But that servant went out, and found one of his 'allow-servants who owed him a hundred shil-
COM 1917 B> MA MfiviCTlNC
SINCE the organization of the ice patrol, aftci the sinking of the
s	sss
throughout the berg season.
: What formed the covering of Hie first rigid airship?
4-28
FARM...
COLUMN
An area
NEXT
KEEP CULLING POULTRY
Cull and sill. This process will not only make more room but will also remove a profit destroyer from the poultry flock. There will probably be several pullets that undersize and not as thrifty as they should be. The surest thing to do is to cull these out with the early molter. As a rule the average farm flock is too crowded and by
A LATE KING
Answer to Previous Puzzle
21 Feverish.
I 24 Tennis poin*
Pj 26 To tear Q| stitches.
VI 27 Some.
EJ 28 Plunders
HI 29 Epilepsy JJ symptom.
pi 30 Custom.
Ç1 32 Walking
through water
35 Rain.
37	Unit of electrical capacity
38	One plus one.
39	Wrath.
40	Tubular sheath
42 Smell.
44	Song for one voice.
45	Devoured.
46	Box.
48 Age.
50	To do wrong.
51	Hurrah!
53 Into.
56 Right.
HORIZONTAL
1,5 Ruler of I England dur- If ing World War 1 10 Torpid.
12	Owing.
13	Cavity.
14	To make a surgical incision.
17	Father.
18	Grain food.
19	Male.
20	Persian coin.
22	Neuter pronoun.
23	Genus of frogs 25 Pertaining to
the iris.
28 To extol.
31	He was a quiet 54 Falsehood.
55 To rub out.
32	To fuse metals 57 He was Queen
33	To peep.	Victoria’s----
34	Metallic rocks. 58 He was the
38	Opposed to right.
39	Particle.
41 To suffice.
43 Simpletons.
45	Circle parts
46	Company.
are

m
H

S
4
M

This Turkish City One of Many Hit By Terrible ’Quakes
Ht*
ir FOSTER


83
l»J
I
i - i JNl
ï
till he

L

AID EM IS



E
NiAT
h
** Æ
MU
A
3	Tennis fence
4	Grain.
6	Paradise.
7	Plural pronoun.
8	Quantity of paper.
9	Occurrence.
11 Law.
47 Fish.
49 Male fowl.
51	Uncooked.
52	Water wheel.
I
%
I *
1
NOTES

RADIO
Si
r
ruler.

wr.

t


NEWS

AND
A
» ¦. V
By MADGE ARCHER
----of two
English kings. 15 Overpowering
fright.
16 Infection.
1	Male salmon. 18 Stigmatized.
2	Doiphine-like 20 Little round creature.
WUl&v*if#
with putting the Canadian symphony orchestras on the map. The summer series of Toronto Promenade Symphony concerts were broadcast not only across Canada but also in the United Sta.es over the NBC. The present series by the Montreal Orchestra, Les Concerts Symphoniques de Montreal and the Toronto Symphony Orchestra are being heard over the Mutual network as well as the Canadian.
DRAMA MORE POPULAR
Dramatic broadcasts increased their lead over other individual classes of programs during 1939. This conclusion was reached after a study of the annual reports mailed this week by NBC and the Columbia Broadcasting System.
NBC reports, for instance, that the output of radio drama has doubled during the past seven years. CBS lists no fewer than 1,131 dramatic broadcasts for the year. And these occupy about 20 per cent, of all broadcasting time.
The interesting point is that all other forms of popular entertainment when lumped together total only 30 per cent, of all air time, which amounts to about 10,000 hours for each individual network. And it must be remembered that popular entertainment includes the quiz and interview programs and
of se-mi classical music
m
m
\ ERTICAL
l

hill.
5
3
4
2
I
%
/

2
10

VAZ- Æ 'ü
16
Ï4
4 W
5
19
PROGRAM FOR THE WINTER
It Is doubtfut if there will he very much change in programs during the next four or five months, generally speaking. On Saturdays the broadcasts of the Metropolitan Opera Company and the NHC Symphony Orchestra are the programs watched for most keenly by music-lovers. On Sundays there is the Philharmonic from New York in the afternoon at 3 o’clock. And in the evening there is Jack Penny’s
rhe new st roam lined
>
j 4j
n
¦

*
21
W
•A
*3
¦>

2b
23 24
S;A

*.
I
Vs
Wi*ê, /
6
&

36
V
4 =45
programs
as well as those given over to var
-V
3
I
%
V»
; w
program,
Chase and Sanborn Hour, and, if you can pick It up, the Ford Hour. “One Man's Family,” paired with the Chase aud Sanborn program, and Orson Welles’ theatre and the Silver Theatre offer the principal
let y.
»
Street scene in tho city of Urdu, on the Black Sea, uitoi* t. «• earthquake that spread death and terror through A natch a, JuiKoy. du is one of the sufferers in the 'quake that is reporte I to have killed or injured 100,000 people. Cities, ranging in population Ironi 12,000 o 40,000, besides many small villages, were reported m runs. V hen this photo was made, children were lining up at a relief stall hi. Similar nations were set up as rapidly as possible in the stricken area.
There seems on the face of it to be a distinct decline in the variety type of program. Of course, the serial story takes up most of the time allotted to drama. According to the CBS report, about 90 per cent, of drama time is devoted to programs like ‘One Man’s Family.”
Review of The Year As a matter of record, the following is a rough percentage of time the three principal American networks have given to the various branches of radio broadcasting dur ing the past year: Popular Entertainment, 30 per cent; Drama 20; National and International Affairs 17; Education, 7; Fine Music, 7; Dance Music, 7; News and Sports. 7; Children’s programs, 5.
In Canada the Canadian Broad-casting Corporation has reason to be proud of its handling of the Royal tour, one of the greater feats In the history of broadcasting. The visit lasted thirty days and included the relaying of the Empire Day
with its complicated
<)/
54
53
«
dramatic fare
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP— Reformed

vOU USED TO STEAL
kisses prom me
9EPORE Wt WERE MARRIED
A MAN WMO STEALS ANYTHING WILL LIVE TO
REGRET
(V
4%
I
I
IT
y
\
£4
v'r
&
(5

•	9
1
c

i
O

X
ry,
m
_
mm
DO
it
y
=2
If-

-

/ i

à
y
•âl
’
•V- \
|H«| el


* Cc.
broadcast pick-ups from different parts of the
world.
The CRC also must be credited
F» t




« Il I
###PAGE###3###
surface, as when a person is taking
violent exercise red from the expanding of the
smallest arteries; when the skin is exposed to severe cold the opposite happens. The arteries contract and contain less red blood, and the veins expand and contain
..... of the purplish, impure blood.
Further as the veins of the hands and limbs are nearer the surface than the arteries they arc more easily seen, and the bluish color of the blood shows through and the skin when it is cold. If
Cr>
the skin appears
Leafc’ Brilliant Centre Temporarily Out of Running j Contest For
i h
Maple
Can I ?
Music Lovers
GW
**
>
i
r
BY ANNE ASH’ EY
THE RICHER FLAVOUR
Young Canadians From Every Province Will Compete For Scholarships And Also Cash Awards Given for Original Musical Composition
ran a chimney five he
Q. How extinguished quickly?
*><
OF
M,
more
handful of Sli
\. B.v true;wing a
the fiie and closing Hi
of the su
r
I
phur on
bottom draft. The fan
will ascend the chimney ami the flame almost immed-Wheve possible clanger ot
f s
i
phm put out
lately.	-	,, ,
such a five exists it wou.cl he well
to keep a can ft I of snip’*.
to meet the emergency.
Q. How can I make a
whHening the skin ?
A. Mix two tablespoonf
meal. % tablespoonful of powdered
borax, and pint ol ljet stand fo
then strain well and add 1
of alcohol.
q. How can I prevent fish from
sticking to tie pan while frying?
A. Put a tea spoonful of salt into and rub thoroughly with
Stating that within the last two years upwards of 75 Canadians from c very province in the Dominion have competed for the scholarships and cash awards given by the
Right Hoc-


tints
the hands are vigorously rubbed,
taken to stimulate cir-the blood assumes ills
!
ir nea*. i»>

FREE!
or exercise culation.
normal course cncc more and the
lotion i
|»er for ming
es of
Canadian
\!t pound and tfllf-pound peckag I ...ton’s Tea contain coupons wh'C you
EiiSSSHS
Limited. Lipton B!dg., I oronto.
las
pres Men
lety. II T. Jamitsor week at Toronto nunmme to offer similar ;
blueness disappears
d the d
of out
f

Wm
ir
Mk
i wards n
clsdoi 1910.

rose w a rev. three days.
ounce
Car Lessons
For Children?
I
Bly
/
Hr. slated that the competition
lo Canadian) of e
tWO OT
would be Open	U U
ther »ex under 22 years of age ami
would close on March 1st. 1940. Applications for entry must be obtain-a from the Society, Koy.il Bank
Essex County Automobile Club Appoints Committee to Discuss Driving Education — To Recommend It As Safety Measure

(
1
V-'- Y
»
Building. Toronto.
Ten Awards Made -During rho pa El two years, ten awards havo been made: X in British Columbia; 2 in Ontario; 1 in 1 In Manitoba; 1 in New and 1 in Prince Ed-• Mr. Jamieson 'aid.
the pan wax paper
17
\
#
l make g od pan hoi
Q. flow can
den?	, ,. „
A. Instead of making I»an holdei8 in the usual way, why not make them in the form of thick pockets? Tho hands will then be thorough y protected against 1.0th the hot vessel and the steam. q How can f cream butter more
quickly?
A. Heat scalding water the butter. It will cream
quickly than when mixed m
i
\ K \
1
A

\
i
The advisability of recommend the Ontario Department of
Quebec
Brunswick;
ward Island
The Hoard of Adjudicators be composed this year of Sir Km* MacMillan, Mrs. Doc., and Leo - or the University
Captain J. J. Oagnler, Montreal ; Godfrey Hew-Ottawa
1
FULL FLAVOURED T|A
(SMALL LEAF)	¦	™
mg to
Education that driving fundamont-bA taught children of pre-driv-
part of their public discussed by
N
N
will
YELLOW
LABEL
ORANGE
LABEL
als
RED
ing age as a school training was directors of the Essex County Automobile Club, at its December meeting in Windsor.
Training In Safety The gist of a proposed resolution to be submitted is that young people should have a thorough grounding in driving fundamentals by the time they are ready to learn to drive. Safety would be greatly enhanced if this were done, it con-
LABEL
t

\
est
J
Smith. Mus. Bac of Toronto
1
mostly of grain, coal, oil and automobiles.
hast ships went through the at. falls canal from Lake Sup-

the mixing bowl with Wipe, and put in
much
lx

up
X
?

Mus. Doc


Hector
F.R.c.0	, „ T
Charlesworth, Toronto, and H. i ; _ i, president of the Canad Performing Right Societ).
%
itt
Mary’s erior December 14th.
Tremendous Grain Movement At Buffalo a 15-year record top
elevators unloaded 16,
ÉÉËBS*
more a cold howl
Jamieson
ian
Why Cold Makes Our Hands Blue
pled when 808.GH8 bushels of grain In a seven-
period. A total of 11,150.640 sent to the eastern
day
o
bushels was seaboard in the same period.
of the largest grain move-the history of the lake trade was shipped
tends
,	» -The thought in mind, ' comments
The Color of the Skin Depends	^ regolutioD| ..lg the importance
On The Kind and Amount ot	Qf gafety training for the younger
Blood Circulating In It	generation and through the child-
to the adults. When the child-old enough to drive cars
Prophesies Bind Of
The War In 1940
Have You Heard
One
in en l s in
transportation out of Fort William and Port Arthur in the week ending December
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
ren
we no-
Old “Moore's Almanac" Popular Old Country Annual On Astrology Predicts Hitler’s Health Soon To Break Down
Even in a healthy person tice that the color varies a good deal. The same person is sometimes red in the face as well as the hands, and at other
the other.
ren are
they should know full well the responsibility attached to the driving
of a car.”
2nd
Canadian and United States ves-
26.84,1,599 bushels of
than 1,250,-
3 els loaded
wheat, as well as more
bushels each of oats and bar-
Three men were sitting in a German cafe.
The first was reading a new spa-Suddenly he pointed to an art-shook his head, and exclaimed
"Tut, tut!"
The second fellow looked over his shoulder and exclaimed: tut, tut.
The third man jumped to nis feet. “If you two fellows are going to talk politics, I’m going home.'
Writers have so far shown remarkable restraint in avoiding cracks about carrying on the fight to the Finnish.
has not been going very long, and
Q. If a K with a young man his folks invite her to have dinner.
should she accept or refuse?
A. There is no reason why she should not accept, unless the young is becoming too serious in his i, which she does not and she thinks it might be
blue m
times neither one So we might extend this question
and ask : Why does the same percha nge color in different circumstances?
Rub Them Vigorously
The answer is that the color of the skin at any given moment depends upon the kind and amount of blood circulating in the skin at moment. The blood is the of all the color we notice
000
nor
Lakes Traffic
Neared Record
ley
canal remained midnight, Dec. 12 and
The 1940 edition of one of the versions of the popular Old Moore's Almanac predicts that the Kurop-will end in 1940 and that
pei
The Welland
icle
open until coal moved through the waterwa>
right up to the
son
man
attentions
to Canadian ports dead line.
can war
Hermann Cloering will succeed Adolf Hitler as head of the German
Tut,
Heavy Shipments of Grain, Oil, Coal and Automobiles All Through the Great Lakes System This Season

want.
inferred that she too was serious.
have been dining
state.
Hitler's health may fail entirely during the year, according to Foul-sham’s version of the almanac which originally was started In 1047 by Dr. Francis Moore and which sometimes Is uncannily correct.
Q. When )0» with a friend, and your hostess has ... maid, is it all right for you to help her clean off the table, stack dishes, gather crumbs, and the
Feathers Bought
no
that
source ------
in people. In the absence of enough blood the face and lips look white or pale. When there is a rush of bright red blood to the
Canadian Feather & Mat.re..
Great Lakes shipping circles report that the month of December has seen the largest fleet sailing Sailings were heavy, being made
Co
41-47 SPRUCE ST., TORONTO
like?
to do this link's»
L*. It is not ac the hostess has asked you, or >ou
intimate
Began in 1647
The Foulsham edition boast* that it exclusively predicted the Munich crisis and the annexation
A traveller in a Pullman in doubt the amount of the tip he
very
w* a
happen to friend.
g. isn't their an old proverb that
compares a gossip to a frog /
A. Yes. “Gossips and frogs drink
about '__
should give the Negro attendant.
so he said to him:
“What is l
Classified Advertisements
of Austria.
For 1940, the almanac, in typically quaint astrological language predicts that “there will be a tendency favoring the strengthening of the monarchies which will be more or less worldwide, a “possibility that the re-establish ment of at least one kindgom can not be excluded.”
the average tip that
and talk.”
Q. What should one
relates something that is
you get?'
“Two dollars, sah.*
The traveller gave lars. whereupon l his hands delightedly
“What's the idea?" asked the
traveller.	„
"Well, sah,” said the Negro, you
ti the first man dat ever came up to the average.
do when
him two dol-the Negro clapped
nil 1 K I'AI&T*
wgifH
FUK-NITtillM FOII * % 1 I
someone* very disagreeable?
A Gall upon your self-controi
and do not allow it to upset you
LSlfill CAR AM)
ITIEK9
H \ Il I) Y A I I Cl
II.1MV CHECK*
iWii
in January.
HARDY APPLE TREES — 6U CTia each. Canada’s Lowest Priced Nur growing leading Trees. Ornamentals
gara-ou-ttie-Lake. Ontario»
MILKING MACHINES___________
-A" MILKER MILKS TWO at once into web^rate con-
liam E. ]B@ w cl en, 21 Quebec Ave., Toronto. _______________________
and that there is
leading varieties
then
bange the subject as soon as possible, then proceed to forget it. Bu: above all. do not repeat it to someone else. Only the pleasant things nfe are worth remembering and
pooling.
q. Wheû there i* a pencil bowl at the party, and a gi-1 «"d
which one should
aery,
Fruit Trees.
t
ables us to
LYONS
hit
What Science.
Little Ted was saying
in a very low
i
GRADE cows
478 Yonge St., loronto
CLKAUAACK SALE :.COA IHTION ED Ft 11 >ITl UK
y nr 2 piece Chesterfield Suite, re-O SO veraible Marshall spring-
filled cushions, brown repp.
Brown mohair Luo
reversible Murs hall
QO-to-bed prayer* voice.
i
hi*
“I can't hear you, dear,
mother whispered.
“Wasn't talking to you, small one answered firmly
escort approach till the glasses?
A. The man
lor the girl, then one q. How far in advance of a tliear
party should the invitations be
x tended?
A. Not late:* than a
mm
hi sitskss ono.iTt.MTV __
'¦msSMM
III
IS
should fill a glass foR himself.
the
UFFEll TO 1AV EMUH*
Doing
icefield
18.50
Registered. Patent Attorneys. 2. Bank Street. Ottawa. Canada.
Suite.
3p5.oovZrI.u»torrie?u a
ured reversible Marshall 8PI,U*
A spinster living iu a London suburb was shocked at the language
used by two men 'ePalrl“g t*‘*' graph wires close to her home^ she wrote to the company on the matter, and the foreman was asked to report. This he did in the follow-
tre
SOLID WATER — NOT ICE
“Solid” or vitrified water can be produced by science by an ingenious arrangement of two steel plungers, a child's toy pistol and a medicine dropper. Tho steel plungers are dipped in liquid air which has a temperature of 200 degree*
week in ad
va net
nmmm
bottles. 53 00. Johnston Products Postal Station C, Vancouver, B.C
Corn Syrup Use Is More Popular
repp
rever-
and mohair covers
TAAMSG
in g way
LTSTOM
aud Bill Fairweather were
- ‘“•J.ISTÆ
Bill. It went down his
You really
Me
pkivatk hospital________
DUFFERIN NURSING HOME, 73'j Dufferin Street, Toronto. Corny, licensed frivale Hospital. All case» taken. Maternity Specialist — bock “arly Waiting mothers ac-eommodated. Registered nurses. Moderate cash charges, ielepnoue MElrose 4355. ___ .. .
-esüâss
below zero.
The solid water is not ice. but a form which does not exist iu nat-l^has none of eht crystalline structure or other features of froz* j water. It retains all the crystal | j ure transparent qualities of water. I yet is about as hard as steel.	i
ORIGIN OF CELLULOSE The discovery of • how plant* manufacture cellulose, the major part of their structure, has just been made.
Tho finding shows that the cellulose is manufactured lu a round living factory so tiny that when magnified 4,500 times it is no bigger than a 25 cent pioce. This microscopical factory floats about in the living protoplasm Inside the cells uf plant tissues. The discoverer is. a woman scientist Dr. Wanda K. Farr. Her discovery Is h step toward artificial creation of this very great raw material by machines and chemical reactions.
GERMS GROW ON VITAMINS Most disease germs, like human need vitamins to grow and scientists now be-
30.00	br,^.
with new mat-
pole. uud lead (all on neck. Then he said
Valuable in Preparation of Baby
Is Digestible;
mohair.
Swi.
walnut finish, vanity, full bed, chiffonier, spring find new
dale. Unt.
lire
careful, Harry
Formulas Sweetens Cereals
EDUCATION Al
must be move
24.00
we
en
size mattress
Province Will
Help Farmers
iTKSOmi
Modern Bedroom Suite ,1a
bleached walnut rin-
full size
39.00
few food
During recent years products have gained more quickly ,n popularity than has corn syrup;
justifiable popularity it
is. that corn syrup enjoys.
choose to use the rich
or the

49.00
Toronto
Suite.
aa&aSËRSîj*
verv large dresser, chirr-
r0l>*'sprin#S‘fUlead'
p lately ^%.DInin. room Suit*
extension table an 1
and A very
electric MOTORH
RELIEF, witli
ARE YOU rlbtured
or undei straps or steel. Smith Manufacturing Co 219, Preston. Ontario. _
States Minister Dewan ; Ontario Government to Aid Agriculture to Produce Necessary
Crops
There will be few legislative changes in agriculture because of war conditions. Hou. P. M. Dewan said Wednesday, speaking at the Oxtord County Warden's banquet.
Mr. Dewan said there would be little government control of agriculture through the province but rather au attempt to aid the fai tu-produce what crops are necessary at this time.
The minister also said there would be provincial control of the farmer»' credit unions which, he believed, were meeting a re# 1 need.
?.. ALSO Jones & Adelaide St.
Moore Electric, \V., Toronto.
You max
gulden-toned corn syrup «lightly less-familiar white kind
01 porliups both, suiting each to Ils
case, it is
65.00
our
Write
Dept.
tnd
17.50
FOU MALE
nn
l „VUOlMI' FOR HALF
WSKSi
special purpose. In any
excellent food, full of genuine
Irom the
(RAINED DETECT IVEH
buffet.
« 1«athersoB.ldtoahkm„lnK Suite, buf-
extension table, and 9 leather upholutoi ed chairs, completely reflnlnhcd
an
17 AND OVER
VMV.ITIOVS MEN wanted immediately for secret-service and detective work, complete training couree by correspondence. Free information. Write M. Julien, Box 26. Station T.
24.00
enjoyment, that pours corn avrilp tin.
fet
Factory sample (new) Din-
69.00HEh“V,,,„rwnut "g?
extonaion table, . ltd « leather uphol-•oinpletely rcflnlah-
For Children and Adults
59.00
to C Montreal
Anthortile* all over the country
cognise the value of corn syrup
the preparation of baby formal-
nip is
* ?
hblioion
INSPIRED POEMS Ol
truths — the most needed book on earth today. It will bring new life to a spiritually dying world.
« It shows what has gone yrong with the world and how to lift It out of the deplorable condition It is In. Price $3.00. postpaid. Send to Thro. Stone, Box 7. Station K. Toronto, 12, Ontario, Canada
i
131BLE
ua. This is because corn lich in dextrose mid ma I tost
desirable form of carhohy food, for the modification ol milk. And there is a further reason for urging the use of corn syrup m infant diets — and in the diets et growing children and adults, too, because It is so easily digestible; and provides quickly available
¦)terial (a serious considéra-whore this angle of the diet
lsh, large buffet china cabinet stored chairs.
- a
ers
most
bolngs
1 keep ' healthy
ad.
Solid walnut Dining Suite,
extemdop
Urute
79.00
large buffet table, china cabinet, and • genuine leather upholstered chairs, completely refiniehod.
Lante awoitment of odd Huffete, China Cabinet*, Table», Dresners, i'hiffonlers and Bed*. Brand new oi v bhmplcM to clear at wliole-
lievo.
Somo disease g earns, it is found, manufacture all but one or two of the vitamins or the parts of an Çiizyme they need, but are unable to multiply or grow effectively unies* these all-important substances are given to them.
FERRETS fob sale
iisSiE
oan
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
f
e.l
^ScralchinfiB
mm
siili) price**.
ill *vo«l* « artfully «-ruled for Immediate nlilimirnl	receipt •*
FI N AM « Al
ergy ma tion.
requires supplementing, us well us for regular use).
New
Used
,.nd »old wllli Lyeae*
n»on«‘> -order ¦---- ,	. ____
Ktinr;inlfr of %ullnfne-
Ull AGREEMENTS baaed for cuHh. prompt
Really Co.
|> Il FUI I IT MO-
ll>draullc
sl-IM 1 Vl.l.T M ro»s
MORTGAGES of sale puri attention. North >nore Ltd.. Ouhriwa. I’lioni- XI
money
lion.
I'OXX I It I NIT*
U InvUvM, l.cac-rnior». Start iirliorelor*. Radial
I loi» I*
erw. Rnxneioo.
— i:\rliauac Service, t 'ana —
I.cry Auto
Denmark can claim the senior national flag as their Royal Standard, the oldest national flag in existence.
LYONS FURNITURE CO.
478 Ycmgc St., Toronto
line corn syrup to * cetbii cereals. fruits tyou’d like what it does to the morning Orange or grapefruit)! beverages and eo on.
or*
*»llmfM« lion or re! uml I'nrlw, loronlo.
:
ISSUE NO. 2—'40
F«*if
.

#
###PAGE###4###

1 hodgins
garage
ZIZ
zizv
X
! fitcc on the main street at Norway Bay,
, a distance of about three-quarters of a ! mile.—Carried.
Motion by Crs Beattie and Orr, that I this'Council apply to the Department " ! of Colonization for a grant of $300. to i he spent on the Colonization Kaad,
1 known as the Pickannck Road leading 1 to Phillips Lake.—Carried.
•c a	Motion by Crs Fitzsimmons and Hen-
Quality must not be sacrificed _m tue	tbat F. E. Murdock be appoint-
ntcrests of quantity in Canada s a	j foreman of division No. 38.—
time agricultural production, Dr. U Carried,
Archibald of Ottawa, stated at t.uelpn, Motion by Crs Beattie and Firzsim -m Wednesday of last week in an address ^ ^at the Mayor receive a dona to the Ontario Agricultural and fcxpcri- ^	^ 500.OO for expenses during the
mental Union.	,	.	n . Da3t year.—Carried.
... Archibald, director of the Domin- P Motion by Crs Duf and Henderson, ion Experimental Farm, warned agains t	Qoimcji advertise for cedar
the lowering of barriers or grades m an	^cs and plank and offer the follow
ittempt to take advantage of market . 1	^ (or ,a|ne . J18 00 per M. for
conditions created by the war. He -.am g an(j $-20 00 per M. for 8x8 and that “any surplus of a goodI product is a ^	,ank tf) be delivered at the
splendid hank account for Great Britain	Hall by May lst, 1940.- Carried,
ind the Allies” and‘such a surplus may ^ motion of Cr Henderson the
ïk in *>¦	•»«***¦
dS£s S&Se1* -tK tiü
V
THE EQUITY^
SHAWVlLLE, JAN. 18. 1940
5
Not Only Flour

N


\
Urges Quality in Production
but any article of quality is always judged by its worth rather than by its
That is why we suggest that
K
K
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
i
price.
the next time you bake, you use

X


Golden West Flour
$2,35 Per 98 lb. Bag
Dr
s

\
Now is the Time for
Your Car Inspection
If, after a fair trial, you are not satisfied with this flour, return the unused portion of the bag and we will replace it with a bag of Ivory, Harvest Queen, Keynote, Three Stars or any other flour of similar quality.
H. I. Smith,
Sec-Treas

campaign cannot become more severe than it is and we must not forget that
11,000,000 tons of British
shipping at sea.
“Britain did the right thing
ing price on Sept. 1. -	. A
ip in relation to supply and demand ather than through manipulation.
Through the shipping of inferior products during the First Great \\ ai the British market for Canadian bacon be ¦time almost non existent, Dr. Archibald declared, and it took nearly 20 years to
rebuild it.
You had that Heater installed
now,
Have
your Car yet ? If not, do so and drive in comfort.
X
X
there are
N
Phoebe, ‘Wild* Redbird,


in

in pegg-Prices have gone
Adopts Foster Family
A redbird that eats at the table, ! sleeps in the kitchen and makes itself as much at home as any puppy is the family pet 02 Mr. and Mrs.
^rank Detwiler of Marion, Ohio.
For some time now the Detwiler has been brightened by the : hirping of the bird.	'
Students of birdlore say the red-ird is by nature one of the “wild-st" of native songbirds. Cases of edbird pets are said to be of great arity.
Although thousands of women start phoebe, as Mrs. Detwiler has •d knitting as soon as war was declared, .arneci hers, just “adopted' the Detit took the arrival of wintry blasts to vilers one night, fluttering up to Det- , , . n	1 nnapr
>nake thousands more realize how much viler as he sat on the back porch As Uays Urow Longer ^
’lie fighting forces needed the articles ;tepg Ils mother apparently had !	Cold Grows Stronger
r rt. ,ssrr-
Red Cross olfacwls and so juat m case ^ dropper. Now she eats anything grows stronger." Alter December there are women who would	<	|,e Detwilers eat.	21 the days lengthen and the sun,
^ ass :	'
sà 25r*45.” «*,n.wD.,i« v,
LLtr' srs.ïr.vs • ssst^s. \ crw.., !**»«»>»
nd always to tiy the number vi	.	; faslçned t0 the back door and The Far North, during its long win- Successful experiments have just
0	the inch to have the tvn.x o c • cbirp5 until someone lets her in.	ter night receiving no heat directly been made in Berkeley, Calif., of a
This is what ^ach force nceu^. ^	^	1	from the sun. cools oft the air above mechanical rogues’ gallery for the
Socks may be any suit» •	1 •	-	-	jt> ancj this* accumulated cold air instant identification of criminals.
1	be new regulation leng 1 i> '	,	Light Waves ‘Ruler’	overflows into mpre southerly re-:
Sweaters are acceptable », all Mass production of automobiles , gions. A few day, after December | H •mitahie colours.	•	thèparts'so that they will be inter- I 2. the earth receives the most heat expected eventually to be a valuable
ScarSTAnZ'wil.ld	aShSdZf 5 SwtÆ
i inimüffnr al I tW articles ^	' nary measuring instruments are not does not. however, get the ful ad- | ,a$t three years. It is designed to
Sssps : USSsl1IFH21M1 senses
length as those for the arm}, m	\Vith light wave instruments, : the ground, the sunshine we do get
Aero cap., ,	. as interferometers, it is pos- j \s largely lest by reflection, and the
heat that is absorbed is used up in
X

Why not have your car overhauled , so that you can drive in safety
IH
now
this winter, no matter what the tern-
iome
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REÇU
perature goes to.
Quebec Division Canadian Red Cross
Drive in today
NOTICE
Regarding Estate of the late John Wesley Horner in his lifetime of the Township of Clarendon, in the County of Pontiac, Farmer.
All persons having claims against the ibow Estate arc requested to file the -un.t with the undersigned within ten days front this date.
LEONARD HORNER Shaw ville. Que.
MO l)C ¦ 1 NS
* I
J. I
A .
à 3h one 64-J.
G55B&©5MCfiSSfiQ3i5QM5ûD

is.^sœsisiasia
,&Sfâi3i3iSfë

DALE’S TINSHOP
•1
I
H
V "tli. 10 10
3
m

As
L’!
2J
E
:S
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
g
g
3
a
I
:•]
Tin and Agateware
•)
?a
a
I
a
Light Waves ‘Ruler
Mass production oî automobiles j g ion s
requires i
The invention is that of Anthony
_____ .	«.	... Bledsoe, statistician for the
requires great precision in making 21. or to be more exact, on January ; Berkeley police department, and is the parts so that they will be inter- 2. the earth changeable. Some parts must be j from the sun
Maximum
i tmcnt et' K it eh vu I
rnbinatii n>.
il) :i laiRO Usât
il :he lin-liional‘1
\\
îeel
1
i>:< ia
i
L
of Vails for every purpose.
ill at
Also a lari:»* st et our own inn ut;u tare or facterv

lam
\ t r\
Hides Wanted
Highest market prices paid for all kinds of hides
would require hours under the present system of manual examination.
The machine, similar to the automatic card files used by the federal bureau of investigation, selects pictures bv a svstem of holes punched
¦si*
scribed.
Some -idea of the size of the field i which is open for the use of such a machine is indicated by the fact that the police department of Berkeley, with a population of only 100.000 has an album of 160.000 criminal
same
»r force blue or grey -loves and wristlets, all air force blue Seamens stockings and scarves ceded badly. The stockings, which re worn over regular socks, are from H\ inches to inches from top of
These should
g
r?
knov
si b le to measure with the accuracy of a five-millionth of an inch. These j melting and evaporating the snow instruments function through their ability to bring together two rays of light in such a way as tc produce darkness. With them standard
aie made.
<2.
are
*
LESLIE DALE
iutt* to under heel, grey.
Ik; loosely ribbed at top for the stock-sugs are drawn up over the trousers.
» Scarves, in navy blue or grey, 14 •ichcs wide and 00 inches to «2 inches
N>ng. Tbew .round the sailor’s bodies and are some-iuics put over their heads to act as helmets. Ordinary socks for the sailors re needed in grey. Sweaters, navy
-lue or grey.
Wristlets fur all forces -honld be cast n or off vei y loosely. All sweaters
Socks should be washed
Quebec	g»
Shawville
measuring gauge
&3i£3iaaffiasTia

Suns of Tomorrow
Alfred P. Sloan Jr., chairman of
the Gene
-cording to an article in the current manufacture, taking a greater tor. f Amazing Stories, predicts suns will light the city
wrapped
scarves an
Motors corporal
ac
ESTABLISHED 1333
nage even than the combined railroads of the country or the nation's Among the scientific building requirements. American
High ; can producers'now make more than f 12,000,000,000 containers annually, 60 n per cent of whic :	canning of food and 40 per cent a
containers for tobacco, paint, oil and ; photographs.
other commodities. Laid end to end A somewhat similar system is ard side bv side, this number of , used, by one of the casting directors cans Would cover ar. 80-foot high- at Hollywood and it was from this from New York to San Fran idea that Bledsoe developed his machine for police purposes.
issue
that artifiei; in the futur
9
COACH
INVALID
predicts are: r*r containing h
niarve
ftre
- leevcless.
und pressed or washed and stretched f t in ad vi sab la to attach sizes in socks
nre used for the ,
red net
cctr
1 from s ! of dus1
-
diesi’
c
GrEOEGrE HYNES » SON
t
I
id sweaters
Directors cf Funeral Service
Bristol Council
I
way
cisco
i
Shawville, Que.
mar.} otr.er
Inn. 12. 1V4
Mai y land, Qrn The Municipal Council of tb •lip of Bristol in ft on January 2nd., Yescnt • Mayor MeLt !Ian and <» lull
Phone 80
town
toard of Councillors.
The minutes of last regul were read and on motion ot L r tnd McNeill were adopted Motion Crs Fitzsimmon: that this Couru*! pay North <1 ns low $r>0.Hl to balance our labor on the downline for the years 1311 •, R'*LS ami 15)31), and also that in future we en-
settle townline accourt*

v meeting
< >rr

S

| The Hedging' Lumber G<M

tl Beattie
your way to
d
8
d

SAW - LOGS
WANTED
i leaver to yearly.—Carried.
Letters were read from Mr. N ann ul Hrownlee and Mrs. Put Murdock.
Motion by Crs Duff and Henderson r hat the following bills be approved o»<
laid : -	, .	•
Wm McQuaig, brushing river,
i’ontiac Rural Telephone Corent and messages
.1. N. McLellan attending Com t
N. McLellan, searches of n.
P

J :
P


P
P
INVÏÎT IM CANADAS FIRST WA» LOAN
Midland Securities
r—1 1 ‘ L I MIT E D	—I
d
l
P
$ 4
g We are now in the market for ali kinds of
Cash paid on delivery :

;ti
Saw Logs
and have a special market for Elm Logs in 6. S and 11 foot lengths.
k1
8

8
3
1	30
2	00 7 0& to 00
2 CO ",4 2C C 30 S 65
guilty............. •••*
M Henderson, labor on road ..
V Elliott, labor on road.....
U A Grant, supplies..........
Gatineau Power Co. lights to Thott M Gallagher, labor, tile,
H I Smith, stamps............
H 1 Smith, incidentals.......
Wm Russell, services rendered L Thomas, per NVm Russell . p W Bowie, searches Registry Provincial Blank Forms supPs I Also that bills from A Arhic be held
over for examination.
Motion by Crs Henderson and r itz
simmons that this (Council apply to the Department of Roads for a hard S':r
8
r=3
m
Phone 27
TORONTO
§
LONDON
| THE HOGGINS' LUMBER COMPANY
Quebec
W. Dean
Clarence
1 60
P
< 10
Shawville
§
p
21 3 5
Shawville» Que
Phone 71
B



###PAGE###5###
Service Announcement

The Equity
k
PRINTING
Shaw ville United Church Hkv A. F. Fokks }\. A., HI). Va it or
Sunday, January i\
11.00 a.m.—Service at Shawville
January Specials
m
Betabllehed I8S3
PVtlMMIKt) KVKRY TIM ItMDAY AT
SHAWVILI.K, QUEBEC
*
€
6
%

1.30 p m.—Service at Zion
Service at Stark's turner
annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
3.00 p.m
Sermon subject—The Problem of Self
Mastery.
Service at Sliawville.
\ Surprising Pact.'
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside
firms.
Let us do your :
$1 so
2.00
Mens All-Wool Socks

7.30 p.m Sermon subject
A large assortment of plain white or fancy colours, out they go from
AU arrears muet he paid in full before any paper U discontinued
25cts. to 60cts.
\V. (i. COWAN, PUBLISHER
Bristol United Church
Rev. C. Armstrono Sales, B. L>
Sunday, January 21
- - Blankets - -
Communication Systems Revamped by Mussolini
Benito Mussolini's conviction that highly developed communications ere indispensable in time of peace or war has spurred Italian engineers to prepare for eithci eventuality by building machinery and technical equipment probably unmatched by any other nation Italian engineering gu-dus has given to Italy the world’s fastest electric locomotives and the most powerful radio shortwave station in existence, and is engaged in plans for laying down a telephone cable l>etween Sicily and Africa which will be the world’s largest.
Over a network of 4,000 miles of track—the largest network of electric railway yet built by any nation —Italian locomotives pull passenger trains at speeds varying between GO and 100 miles an hour.
On a test run between Naples tmd Rome recently an electrically powered passenger train averaged 103 miles an hour, attaining a top speed of 125 miles. When these electric behemoths whiz through the quiet Italian countryside watchmen close the gates at road crossings five minutes before the train is due lest any peasant with his horse drawn cart be caught on the track Electricity, generated from Italy’s only major natural resource—water power—is gradually coming to be the most used fuel in Italy's transportation system. Italy's first subway train, which will transport 92,000 passengers an hour to the site of Rome's 1942 World’s fair, will be perated by electricity. Already almost a third of the capital's busses arc electrically run.
Mussolini’s prophecy that Italy’s destiny “always has been and always will be on the sea." has been anticipated by the construction of , a merchant marine the equal of any 1 possessed by the great nations of j the world. Twenty-five new motor ships to engage in world trade, each capable of cruising speeds of 16 knots, are being built in Italian shipyards
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements,
Posters
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
St. Andrews Sunday School 10.00 a. m St. Andrews, Service.
Service
Service
11.00 a. m 2.30 p. m
Fancy Flanclletto Blankets, asserted checks size 70x80 ....................................
Knox
7.30 p. m
Austin
9
$1.98
ANGLICAN
St. Fail’s Sunday, January 21
10.00	a. m.-Sunday School
11.00	a. m Holy Cemraunioi 7.30 p. m.- Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity Service Withdrawn Sr. Lvkr’s
2 00 p.m.—Evening Prayer
plain White Flannelette Blankets from $1.79 to $2.49
..... $1.98
$3.50 and up
..... $2.50
Fancy Coloured Blankets Heavy Grey Wool Blankets
Fancy lied Comforters...
Dawn Pillows " all chicken feathers by “Simmons” pen pair

l
9
i
it
$2.49
• #
Parish of North Clarendon
Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge
the equity
PHONE, 75
A large assortment of Simmons’ Beds Mattresses and Springs now
Mattresses from................
Inner Spiing Mattress..........
Mens Heavy Wool Sweaters ......
Clearing lines in Mens and Do)
Windbreakvrs—Special prices
Mens Leather Coats with Fur Collar-
40 and 41 - To Clear at a Special Price
,n|v Mackinaw Coat with Fur Collai
At a Special Price
> only iu Mens Heavy Wool Combinations
To Clear at a Special Price

Sunday, January 21
stock
$5.95 ami up $14.50 and up $2.50 and up
North Onslow, Morning Prayer 10.20
Evening Prayer
«
u-
A
7 00
Charters
«
«
€

Curling*
«
We loved him, ah ! perhaps too much, j But Jesus loved him more.
Home to Jeeua, home to Glory,
Free from sorrow, free from care,
Vp among the happy Angels,
He is waiting for us there.
Sadly missed by parents, Mr and Mrs. Emerson Smiley
Annual County Meeting Loyal Orange Lodge
ft

%
First draw of the Men h Cm ling
list week
Club got under way with the following teams com
s 15reeks and
The County of Pontiac L.O.L will
hold its annual meeting in the Orange
nnmencing at 10 Masters and
pettng
i - Leslie Dale, Arthur Hodgi Cr. A. McDougall, 4L 0 Hodgi,
i
Hall, fShawvillo clock, a m.„
t her Lodge delegates are requested t attend this meeting.
Rf.xfoku Wilson, Co. Master Norval Kiloouu, Co. Sect y.
Ft-b. Gth
Skip
•J unh

2-N. It. Horner, W. R. Cochrane,
H. M. Turner
Tenders Wanted
X. W. Vequegnat

Tenders will be received by the under signed Secretary-Treasurer up to Jan. 30tb, fora 15.000 feet of good cedar f, x 6 and 9 x 8, to be V2 and
H\r>
Ski |

3 .1 A. Dean, V M Vo mg 1. Swartz

Pl/e
In Memoriams
( )m
W. K. Shaw
(

squares.
10 feet long, three quarters of these V
Skip
n In loving memory of our dear Merline Smiley, who entered into
S.M

4	Willard Klli. tt, II. M. Mc-l)..well I. Ii. Wilson,’ Gordon T. Paul
5	X A. Drummond, Andy Tayl<
T. W. Corrigan, G. A Spence
be g x *
.son,
rest. January 20th, 1937. We had a little treasure once He was our joy and pride,
J. A. DEAN,
Secretary-Treasurer, Township of Clarendon

Oiltl >iz
Skii
€

Skip
o
Another way to HELP
Buy Canada's
FIRST WAR LOAN
6 K. F, Hodgi ns, Mae Blakely,
\. D. McCredi
Royal Purple Stock Foods and
Remedies
B. C. Horn
Skif
M
l
James Gordon. B. Foreman, K. C. Hodgi ns, A. G. Brough
7
Sheepdogs Given Tests
For Herding Efficiency
Sheep dogs of Scotland, Wales, and England have their day once each year when the International Trials are held in Edinburgh.
The trials are held to test efficiency in finding, driving and guiding sheep. As one of the simpler tests, a single sheep dog is sent out by his master to locate three sheep which are out of sight behind a small hill or rise In the ground. The dog must calm them, keep them together and drive them to
designated place.
As a further test, each dog must drive his sheep to a hurdle, pass it, guide the dock to the center of the field and circle unothci hurdle
with them separate one sheep from n flock and to drive a group of sheep into a small pen. His master mov signal him with whistles, signs or the but usually the dog under-
Skip
Now is the time to get your requirements ot this popular brand package.
V. S. Douglas, .1. M. Argue
8 CLas Kittc, H. C. Uowat
convenient size ct
in anv
Skip
Rate 3}i%—Price Par (Redeemable 1948-1952 ) Denominations $50—$ 100	$500	$ 1000
Emerson Cut if, fi. (i McDowell
9 Win. Uib»c U. A. Fide
Poultry Specific or Conditioner 1 log Tonic and NXorm Remo\ Worm Remover for Horses Cough Powder for Horses Stock Conditioner Sweat Linement Roup Specific Lice Killer Calf Meal
Skip
S. F. McDowell, J F. Cowan, W. A. Hodgins. C. H. MacLean.
Tiie guiles will be played on the folk wing dates:—
cr
s
You con borrow a port of the money from
if you wish.
Apply for particulars at
us
4
nearest branch.
our
5 4
l
Jan VS.Ov p m
T. -
Wed
a
The BANK of
NOVA SCOTIA
ft —J
10
2 -3
1—9
11. 7 1
TV. nr
i
l —
f).UC
1—3
8—9
12. s.Of
Fr
1
1
M< i
He must he able to
f
10
Tuts
Wed
1-4 ft — 9 3 — S
A CENTURY OF BANKING SERVICE —1942
1
1332-OVER
IS, 7 K» 9.00 19, > 0C
Thnr
5
1
voice,	,	R
stands the task" ahead fully as well
as does his owner.
A good sheep dog never bites the sheep, for that would bruise their flesh and make it less valuable when sold. He seldom if ever barks and he has what is known as “the
ability to hold the attention of sheep by looking at them.
5,“™Se„c.c 31»	1
sessed of all the qualities which in men are known ns tact.
9
4 -t
1>V

)____
1—9
Moi

4—7
3—<
23
Tue
MacLean’s
3-9
3—s
Wed.
Thar
24
3-7
4 — S 1—6
2f>. 7.1
—9
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited 5
9.90
RED & WHITE STORE
G
1
26, S.0C
eye, an
fr 11
He
—s
1-9
•29
Mon
2-4
l 3
30
Tues
Wed
Serves—The Buyer Saves
9
The Owner
31
— 6
1-4
•2-9
8-9
Fbv.r. Fub 1,7
\
3—7
9.0C
: I Apples, No. 1 Spys, per barrel $4.50 \~l 1	“ No. I Starks, “	“	400
* — J =]
| Sugar, raw old fashioned, per lb.
; I Prunes, large size, 2 lbs. for Figs, fresh, 2 lbs. for Crown Syrup, 10 lb. pail - Crown Syrup, 5 lb. pail Ivory Flour, 24 lb. bag Herrings Salt, per dozen White Beans, 5 lbs. for Ful-O-Pep Laying Mash $2.75
Oyster Shell, per bag
Wampole's Extract \ Cod Liver Oil
2. 9.00
French Complete Work
On Observatory in Alps
Work has beer, completed on the r.ew French National observatory, located in Provence, which is declared to be the largest in Europe and second in size only to Mount Wilson observatory in California.
For more than a decade, a com mittee of French astronomers and physicists had been seeking an appropriate site to build this observatory. Forcalquicr was chosen le cause of its altitude, because of the unusual clarity of the atmosphere and because of the excellent weather which the region enjoys virtually every day of the year.
The French scientists who supervised its construction say it will be tic “most favored observatory in the world” because 250 observation nights will be available every year
Three years were required to build the new observatory %glts equipment is as modern ns science and money can make it. Its 80-inch reflecting telescope is the largest in Europe and ranks third"in size in the world The observatory cost $10,000,000.
Fri
î- l
Mon. T ucs
Wed
Tbur

(
:
«
Roy 6. Fraser
t
7
7c
%
i
S, 7.1
t
Novelties
Gifts
Flowers
%
?5-9
4—6
3—9
Î).(X
25c
1
The all year round tonie | for both children and
Tones up the whole system general!) and good tasting too.
I, N.tK
RENFREW, ONT
Bow 880
l’ri
12
Moi
25c
Phone 100
4 7
t
13
Tues
Wed.
Thar
4—9
1-8
14
75c
3-:>
15, 7.1
adults
1-6
9.0C
40c
Dibtim tivv Flower Sty ling that’s our bnsfhess
5-9 1 8
16, 9.00
Fri
We in
19
75c
Mon
On
vite your patronage orders of $1.00 or over, phone
On orders cf
40c
us collect $5.00 or over phene ns collect
and w e shall prepay.
Pelts and Hides Wanted
27c
1 wish to announce that l am in the market for all kinds of raw pelts—cow hides, horse hides, sheep and calf skins. Highest market prices paid. Tbit* week we are pa) -ing 10 cents alb. for cow hides.
NORRIS R. HORNER,
Shaw ville, Que.
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
110

Main and Centre Sts
SHAWVILLE
>
S

4
Phone anytime between 7 * ro
and 11 pm.
QUE.
4
<
<
Vhoue 43
:
1

###PAGE###6###
y


World Wheat King Keeps At Studies
Visit All-Canadian Air Squadron In England
Canadian Ministers
VOICE
of the
PRESS
NEWS
Lloyd Rigby of Wembley, Alta Expects to Graduate From University With Bachelor of Science Degree in Agriculture
Francis Lloyd Itlgby. L'l yeur old University of Alberta agricultural student twice crowned world wheat champion, said recently he will not embark oil u series of la mra-
determine the milling
w h (Mit un-
•f

PARADE

?
BE
Before the year IflSfl drew to a close the war with Germany had already begun to be overshadowed in "significance by the war in Finland. Events of the first week of 11)40 threw it still further in Ihe.shade. World attention then was
concentrating more

HOW THEY FEEL ABOUT IT
The Ottawa Journal carried an editorial headed. “The great Vanau-lan hog comes into the picture, wasn't a story about Toronto Timmins Press.
;*jT


m

4<

4
tory tests to qualities of Pence Hiver lil after he has graduated
The Wembley. Alt i.. youth, who decided to test the quality of grain grown in his own district after lie I,is parotid championship a»
and Grain Show
more



r
?
am
/ t
f
and more
VIGILANT CITIZENS
the Ilusso-Finnish conit the beginning of
Armagcddcn in
closely on flict, seeing in
town which dice force.
Otterville.'Ont., is a
* doesn't seem to need a |>
who robbed the local
the Hoy a l Hank of ('uneasily taken in hand by of citizens who
chase
which all would be
a new the Western powers
The gunman branch of ada was a vigilant group caught the bandit utter a down the main street. • Courier • Express.
won
the Chicago Hay ecently. must study two
before graduating with a
combined Rus-
fighting against a
sia and Germany.
Wty not Germany on against Russia? Not at all likely. Four mouths of watching the Eur-conflict have led us to the
r

years	.	,
Hsr's;
at that time will
a
uur side
He


Buffalo
thinks
........
present.
opean
belief that Russia and Germany cannot be separated by mere wishful thinking on our part; that these two nations are united in a common purpose; a ad that to defeat one. the Allies may have to defeat both. It appeared last week to be only a question of time before England and France would be involved in wars (all part of the same war) on new and far-flung fronts — in Finland, in the Balkans, in Iraq (300,000 Allied troops were centrated in nearby Syria), in Afghanistan (intense border concentrations reported on both sides).
In Germany Hitler was seen to be swinging more and more to the left, prophesying in his New \ear speech that “the Jewish capitalistic world will not survive the *0th
century" ...	, 4 1fllA
So, turning the corner into 1940,
the world came face to face with the prospect of a long-drawn conflict, with outcome unpredictable.
place for the K.C..
There is a place for the distinction of K.C. If it is to have meaning. the number in the province should be limited. New K.C/s should be limited. New K.C/s also should be created only when death makes a vacancy. And the distinction should be conferred only on recommendation of a représentât
Winnipeg
mg

The Value of a Word

• ¦





I
little thing,

A word's very But it may have a friendly ring Or it may bear n poisoned sting! Be thoughtful ore you give it wing.

ive non-political body Tribune.
1
con-

very precious thing;
word may
A word's a
And, oh, what joy a
- bring
When, from the heart, you let it
spring!	.	..
Be thoughtful ere you give u
wing.
-4L

-
%
really not pennies
a million United States nies” were reported shipped to Tor*
the Christmas
¦

1

“pen
1
Hi
3»

m
l

*
i i






1

A'
onto to make up cent-shovtage here. The happy relations existing between the two
illustration in
a#

v



«





FW


countries finds an this free circulation of small coins
accepted without
or,
which everyone question. But they cease to he called “pennies” when they enter C'a nada. To Canadians a penny is still two cents, not one, although oui own pennies are nearly all out of
circulation now, and have not been
many years. - -
I
1
during debate on his ministry s budget. De Monzie said the French government had obtained a promise of support “in principle” for the scheme from “a high British peri sonage.”
Construction Started Once Before
Construction of such an underwater artery actually was started more than 60 years ago. but was halted by the protests of Victorian isolationists, who feared a French invasion.
April 13, has been set as the open-date for the C.A.H.A. annual
meeting in Montreal.
In the tentative Allan Cup Playoff dates for Eastern Canada for series “A” Ottawa plays at Maritimes on March IS and 20. return games in Ottawa. March 23. 25 and 27. Series “B” presents he winner “A” against the O. H. A. with the first game in Ot-March 30th. and the two real Toronto. April
The Book Shelf
But cheer up! In Canada that same week the Dionne Quintuplets announced that they would shortly be reunited with their parents.
In Ontario: the Legislature prt-
. to Introduce en-

ing
coined for many,
Toronto Star Weekly.
•f

.
-AMERICAN SKI ING"
By Otto Eugen Schniebs
Otto Eugen Schniebs, America's foremost authority on ski ing, in presenting this new skiers on this continent, has written the first comprehensive book of skiing devoted entirely, in word and picture, to American techniques and American terrain. A large book, it has some of the most beautiful illustrations we have ever seen, Including many action shots and movie strips. It is the bes work available for beginners as well as experts.
Note: Schniebs has developed a School of Skiing which is neither Swiss, Austrian, Norwegian, nor of any foreign school, but rather combines the best features of all.
-American Ski-ing" ... by Otto Eugene Schniebs . . there & Bonelli, 170 Bay St $3.50.

of Sioux Lookout, to Lake St.	*.
pared to open . . abling legislation for the St. Lawwaterway project . . . and reintroduce the amusement tax . . . \ plebiscite held in Toronto showed that its citizens were in line •with people in a half-dozen other centres (Hamilton, London. Kitchener, Brantford, Chatham, Iuger-soil) who voted against suspending municipal elections for the duration of the war.
cast u- _
Joseph, approximately 100 miles.
Study Aerial Photographs
With aerial photographs of tha. whole area of muskeg, lake, rock and bush on file in the Department of Mines and Resources, f * „ sible to plot the route of the road
through rocky hills, od valleys, around lakes and muskeg bogs in the comfort of Government offices.
i
V
method for

rence
of series

Here is the *v Sweetener I to Use
winners
/

tawa
maining games 1 and 3. The final series in East-Canada winners of A and "B" series meet the Quebec Association winner with definite dates to be arranged later.
it is pos-
Fieiich transport
Raoul Dautry. specialist, and former director of the French state railways, appoint-
for armaments last
:u l oss wooci-
ern
I
ïi ; I
ed minister j September, emphasized the strategic wartime value of such a tunnel in an article in the Spectator, British Conservative review, In the
He listed the fol-

I
»
for
a study of the photo-
>
After
graphs, however, it may be nece.--to fly over the [
order to settle the best of traversing or getting ar-
obstac!e;.
Highlights-ot the war-week: safe landing of the second contingent of Canadian troops on British soil . the unprecedented toll of earthquake victims in Turkey . - • al) Anglo-Swedish trade agreement was signed . . . Britain and France , armed aid to Finland . . a whole Russian division was 'reported by the Finns to have been cut to pieces . . . Japan and Russia reached a new accord . . . Kmg Georgo VI signed a proclamation making 2,000.000 men liable to service within the next few months m
Great Britain's army, navy or air
threatened
i
m
\
M1CK1E SAYS
propose 1
Easy
X
fall of last )wallowing arguments in its favoi.
Arguments In Its Favor
of the subsoil
sary

route in
NYüîvi
)
Piystibility
^---- rsu

way
our.d some of the man)
WHEN YOU BFunGr AU ORPER, FEE PRINTING
-TO US, YOU ARE MELPIU’ US TO PUT OUT A SETTER. NEWSPAPER-WITCH HELPS OUR,
Puck Chasers
1. The nature would make Its construction relut

. Toronto: Smi-
Canada".** domestic exports in ti e months of J939 totalled
ively easy.
^ Its cost estimated at fluout 000.000,900 francs (about $150,000.000). would be less than the money
build three ships of the
*
sent more
Bee Hive Syrup

first ten
$726,711.805 compared with $08 716,79!» in the corresponding period of 1938.

41
I
• t
I
I
«
needed to
line.	,	..
;; In case of war, 150 trains con d
daily, transwit h full

1
By Fred Naher
through each
way division
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
go
- e:
porting two equipment.
&
k" 7
TOPICS OF THE CURRENT HOCKEY SEASON
4

force . . . Germany mew to make disastrous air raids
on England.

0 -
e- d


Patricia Road
Being Mapped

m
MEMORIAL CUP DATES
Play-off dates have been set by the C.A.H.A. for the eastern Junior hockey finals before he win-
lea vee for the West and
Series
Scapa Flow Said Large Enough to
Hold All Navies
Raying^j
Dominion Government Survey- , Are Working Out a Mot- | Road Through One Of Ontario’s Most Isolated Ar-

Paving 5
nmg team
the Memorial Cup finals.
“A” will have Maritimes at Ottawa on March 19, 21 and 23. Sorica TT presents the winners of series “A" at Quebec with the first game at
March 26th, and remain-
or 3

%»
or
lïc
L
i
Z

/
k
cas
>:
Of World, And Room to -pare
___100 Square-Mile Area of
Deep Water Admirable Base ___Usually Calm in Autumn

(
Dominion Government surveyor ale poring over aerial photograph* of the Rocky Lake country m North-western Ontario in an endeavor to lay out a motor ro;,; .... of Canada’s most north-and isolated gold mining Patricia district of
Ottawa on ing games in the Quebec branch
The
/
%




7
March 20 and April Dr Eastern Junior finals will ed at either Ottawa or Quebec on April 3, with following g Toronto on April 5 and S. S a Maritime team reach the
will then be Ida}
X
on
P'ay
i
*
&SS&
/
When that gallant ship the Koval Oak went to the bottom of Scapa Flow and speculation was rife About what had become of the Ger-submarinc and its audacious an armchair critic sitting
among his smoke-room vested that the harbor should be combed: He would have been stag-
learn that there are hundred square miles that marvelous
Xi

A
am'- aî
t
into one erly areas,
Northwestern Ontario.
Under Mining Road Program
If built, the road will be the b'g-
far undertaken un-
did


Channel Tunnel Again Proposed
final
the
v
>
,
round, all games

man
crew.
ed in Toronto.
ALLAN CUP DATES
Arrangements this year tor the Allan Cvp play-downs in Eastern Canada will follow along the successful lines set last spring. i O.H.A. (including the N.O.HA.i
must have a winner by -larch -<1 h
Association has the
v>
friends sug-
L

?;
gest project so
der the mining road program augurated by the Dominion Government two years ago under which Dominion and Provincial Governments jointly finance the construction of roads into othoi-wise inaccessible mining areas.
The Patricia district contains il producing gold properties and the proposed road would from a point in the main line of the Canadian National Railways,
Planned For After the War — British Support Is Pledged to France in Long-Mooted Pro-
in

o
-s
r.i


gered to about one of deep water in
anchorage.
I hr

ect
and the Queoec first of April as their deadline. Gland District and Maritimes their championship teams on Allan Cup fame by 18th
V
Construction of the long-discussed tunnel under the English channel is likely to be one of the first big allied post-war undertakings.
The French public works minister. Anatole de Monzie. disclosed to the chamber of deputies
Fifteen Miles Long
All .the navies in the world could be accommodated there, and
it would still be possible for a de-
out fir-
in a corn-
taw» start
the road to of March. An effort will be made to
start the Allan Cup final series on
April 12. or April 13. as Saturday,
seven
run
(Cuprr./u. tthTb? fre
?her)
flotilla to carry
stroyer
ing or torpedo practice e - kept clear for the manoeuvre.
There is nothing in these facD which gives away official secret-; any reliable guide-book or encyclopedia will reveal to the inquire» that the Flow is about It* mi.es . long from north to south and a mean eight miles broad. The Ger-
must know every inch I they know their ;
fold Me lo Stop Biting Quarters.”
“My DcnlLl
! this
I
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS The Proper Spirit


Dim Lie uDumr

•\
i’m sorry, pinhead,
HERE S A FINE
DETECTIVE STOPf , FOR YOU /
Mt
\
/



nun r-av\ of it as well as own anchorages, and who can
in the guise of
Vz
X
\

§ ii

m
Z
say
v


à
\
\
Low many spies holiday-makers have made those
the autumn

g



ic
, - x
(A
m

f
h

/
delightful sea trips in [/> Strom ness and Kirkwall.
Cyclone Area
Why autumn particularly? A considerable experience of Orkney weather revealed that that is the best time of all the year to visit those islands. Summer conditions ive tardily there, and pitiless

€
z>
,
• 0.
?. f m
m


v.
Ki

y

m

x »
n
•i*


7
III
i
-I*
CJ
II
V
i I
TV"
I
,o
/


$>
V»
v:

- A
Liz
» •
v

• «

a
hail as late as July is quite a com-juom experience. It is cyclonic are*
__one of the worst in the British
AM firm» r#«M
P Pa? Offua
*•1

C fpf Laws *

Me
t
###PAGE###7###
The Horse Seems To Like
Him
Achievements of Canadian Women During Year 1939
Pistol Champion California Girl

T
r
T
They’re So Convenient
?
A
A
t
L

B

New World’s Record Made By 17-Year-Old Gloria Jacobs, Who Scores 299 Out of Pos-sib le 300

M

Review
of Events During Rail Year Contains Interesting Data in Feminine Accomplishments
y
L

9km
À

s
E
«
k
The U. S. National Rifle Association announces that 17-year-old Gloria Jacobs of Woodland, Calif., has set a new world pistol record, besting by one point the mark established two years ago by G-Man Walter Walsh.
The Fir»» Women
The Association said that Miss Jacobs, who scored 2iK) out of % possible 300 points over the difficult 30-shot Camp Perry course, is the first girl or woman to hold a world pistol record. She is the daughter of a California State Police officer.
Miss Jacobs fired the new record on the range of the San Fran-Traffic Police at Fort Fun-
Bv SADIE B. CHAMBERS

4
Smiling Queen KMzh'jc graciousness and charm lions of hearts and left, memories in tlie mountains, plains, woodlands, cities and towns of thv Dominion, earned an outstanding place in the achieve men's of women in Canada in the past year.
Lady Twe^dsmuir. wife of Causent Governor-General, in
Il)
I
TEA BAGS
bread and custard
DESSERTS
von mil-her is hod
i r
f
Of special importance just, lowing the holiday season are the simple, nourishing desserts, foi reasons
m
wo
Firstly, they are inexpen secondly, they are excellen
HOVE LAUGHS
AT THE DOCTOR
S1VP
food value incorporating milk and eggi aa they do. thirdly, this tn>»> of dish is a much needed change from the rich foods of tradition of

ada's i)
turn is pulling the weight of hoi-exceptional abilities in leadership of Canadian women In the present
*:
Robert Montgomery Is the well-dressed horseman as he give» .hj* horse Its daily workout on the bridle paths near his home.
the Yuletide season
Copyright, IÇ36, NEA Service, Inc
stress of war
BY ELINORE COWAN STONE
CHOCOLATE BREAD PUDDING
1 cup dry bread crumbs
1	square of chocolate (unsweeten
ed) shaved
2	cups of milk scalded 1 tablespoon butter
1 cup sugar teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon vanilla 1 egg well beaten Mix crumbs with shaved chocolate and add to scalded milk in saucepan
chocolate melts. Add butter and cool slightly. Add the remaining ingredients and mix thoroughly. Pour into buttered casserole and bake one hour in oven 375 with silver knife to see if it comes out clean (which is the best test for all custards). Serve hot with sweetened whipped cream, sprinkled with chocolate shot.
In War Service
o coast more than
with the candid which could be at the
Fashion Evolves Through Ages
CAST OF CHARACTERS CONSTANCE MAI DWELL—her the stand-in.
DEREK MANTHON— an artist who loved money first.
HILDEGARDE THORV ALD-Dtrek painted her portrait.
DR. ROGERS—-he met his most
difficult case.
young woman
green eyes name time so piercing and so kind
From coast
200.000 women rallied to tlif for service through the channels ot the Voluntary Registration of Canadian Women under the chairmanship of Miss Margaret Hyndman, K.C., of Toronto.
all
CISCO
ston, Dec. J7
une
That order at your store was a
large
large one, Miss O'Dare enough to swallow up my whole
Well, Mrs. Major
Evergreens

Development of Clothes Traced From 1100 B.C. to Present Day — Byzantine Emp-Once Style Centre

bank account didn't turn up. 1 was Just beginning to realize that that job was definitely out when Mr. Anton mistook me for one of your models. And — well, I thought, * Why not, If I can get away with It?"
The evergreens,
The cedar, pine, Conservative in their design,
balance the loss And rearrange The gain to match A season's change
Luxuriantly Other trees Expend a year's Gratuities,
Discarding all
The leaves they grow. To flaunt their flames A week or so.
In The Air
Canadian women look to ilie air also in 1939. Twenty trim just-over-five-foot girls donned navy blue uniforms and became stewardesses at the inauguration of a trans-Gin-ada air line schedule. In another angle from the air, Mrs. Erua Wat-of Montreal distinguished herself oy keeping pilot Captain And-afloat until rescued when the flying boat Cavalier fell Into the route from New York to
/
ire
Last week: The strange query ¦bout the price of her dress turns put to be a stand-in modeling job for Connie. But she is not to hear rhe last of this.
The evolution of clothing from early days down to the beginning of modern times last week was sketched by Miss Ruth Dingle, of the drama department of McGill University, Montreal.
Ahe First Petticoats The only example of women that wove as a regular piece of apparel bifurcated garment, before 1870, the lecturer said, was in the Min-period, and down to 1100 B.C. The first “petticoats" were worn by Egyptian women, late Egyptian art indicating a thick petticoat under a stiff transparent dress. The German lady added to costume a brassiere and continued the waist
Stir over low heat until
Bleo O'1 hi re sat for a mom en' digesting this. Then she threw her head back and burst into peal upon peal of unrestrained mirth.
“Well!" she gasped finally, wiping her eyes. “I imagine advertising is about the insanest business any woman can be mixed up fn; but my wildest experience never 1 repared me for anything like this. . . . Well, I'm certainly not going to shed anytmore tears over it. Of course you did put us in a spot about that coat. On the other hand, wo could also have sold the other costumes you modeled several limes over . . . You want a job?"
son
l’est
CHAINER VIII
riio smartly tailored young wo who had talked with Papa An
ereou
uiaji
ton was in the dressing room when Constance went down to change into her last costume.
sea en Bermuda In January.
In Literature
A Toronto woman and * Montrealer now living in Toronto, upheld the feminine place in literary fields. Gwetbalyn Grain# awarded one of the Governor-General's prizes for her novo! ‘Swiss
Joyce Marshall formerly
a
uan
One of the other girl* — the red haired one with the sultry eye lash ea and sulky mouth to her, “How should 1 know? We thought you'd sent her hh a stand in for Lucille.”
As Constance hesitated at the entrance, the newcomer turned and said with quiet authority, "Oh here you are! I am Elsa O'Dare, Mr. Anton's assistant in here for a few minutes."
inside the small office beyond, Miss O'Dare shut the door ami faced Constance curiously. At close she seemed older than she
a little tired; bu*
BUTTERSCOTCH PUDDING
Combine two tablespoons of uut-and three-fourths cup .of brown the top of a double boiler
was saying
was
ter
Praise evergreens The Winter long, Unfound in Spring Or Autumn song.
sugar jn
and cook over direct heat, "until well blended, about one minute. Add two cups milk and place over hot water to scald. Add slowly two well-beaten eggs and season with a pinch of salt and Va teaspoon o’* vanilla. Arrange one ami vne-'-iair of buttered broad cubes In a greased baking dish and add the oust-
Jlave oven 330 debaking until firm in tUe Cover with a
Sonata
of Montreal, won the Canadian Wo-Press Club award for
And the Hilltop Was
with a "zone.
From the fifth to the twelfth century the Byzantine Empire, the cen-of the civilized world, was the , all -that was original in fa-
rm
Keith Thomas in the New York
men s
“Like the very devil," Constance told her.
short story Elizabeth."
Sun
tie
Suppose we step
seat. _
sliion 2nd culture. Costume design took salient features of the culture of both East and West, the ^mingling of t-he emotional color of the East with the intellectual line and
form of the West."
Learning From Orient
Miss Dingle traced various in that affected dress for
Elsa O Dare got up with one of her characteristically clean-cut, decisive movements. “Lucille won't be out of the hospital for weeks. You've bought it ... . Now you've got one more outfit to model today, haven't you? Better
All right
Canadians, well known-in welfare and nursing circles, Miss
Charlotte Whitton Miss Edith Kathleen Russell, were called to King's College, Halifax, to receive the honorary degree of Doctor of Law.
Women were accepted in many roles heretofore confined to men. From the Maritimes Molly Kool of Alma. N.B.. became Canada's first
mariner. Dr. Jossie
Two
background from most of our girls there."
O.B.E., and
“I think I'd like to try stance Insisted.
She went homo with instructions to report at Bartlett's at 8:39 Tomorrow'.
Her first day in the store left her a little giddy with all she had seen and experienced.
After leaving her bus a: the corner, she almost ran the half block to the apartment, house, hungry for the letter from Derek that she hoped would be waiting for her.
« To Be Continued)
Con
ard mixture grees, centre
made of two egg whites, ouofourtb of brown sugar and vanilla ro flavor. Return to oven to brown.
range
had upstairs
much alive and sure of her
meringue
very
self, and exquisitely groomed to the last detail. Her eyes, which
cup
Everything But the Groom
She broke on, her green eyes suddenly dubious.
' 1 suppose you know that y oui final display is a wedding outfit don't you?" she asked.
"1 know," Constance nodded.
Elsa O’Dare said with the nearest approach to hesitation Constance had seen in her manner
fluences
both men and women in European countries. In the Plantagenet period, the crusades and Other travels further familiarized t: with Eastern cultures md affected the dress of the times ftforics and profuse made garments highly decorative. In the fourteenth century women's dress showed the 1 princess" line, fitted at the waist and with wide, gored skirts and long fitted sleeves
with cuff over the hand. At this
became
were a clear, cool green, were pen etratlng. but not entirely unfriend
CREAM PIE
This simple basic pie is one which should bo cultivated in every family. It lends itself to many interesting variations. Mix one third cup flour and two-thirds cup su.^ar and *4 teaspoon salt. Add two cups scalded milk, stirring constantly. Cook over hot water, stirring until thick about 15 minutes. Add Two tablespoons butter. Pour mixture over
ring constantly. Cook two minutes longer. Cool and add l * teaspoon of vanilla extract.
VARIATIONS FOR CREAM PIE
Fill a baked shell with alternate layers of cream filling and sliced bananas and top with whipped cream. Or this: Increase the sugar
to one cup bitter chocolate to the scalded milk top the dessert with wb*p-and chocolate shot.
If a butterscotch flavor is desired. substitute one cup of brown su-for tho granulated In the basic recipe. Or still another surprise: Serve a date dessert by adding *4 lb chopped fruit and one teaspoon grated lemon rind to the milk m<x-befove thickening. And still again, add one cvp shredded cocoa-nut to tho filling and sprinkle an additional half cup over the meringue before browning dessert.

woman master
of Toronto, was the first wo
iy
lie English
Gray
man to receive the degree of Mast er of Surgery. Elsie Gregory Mac Gill, first woman in Canada to re ceive a master's degrto in aero nautical engineering, lias .become
to design
A Fantastic Situation
“Now," she begun quietly, "perhaps you had better begin by telling me who you are. and just what you think you're doing here. 1 happen to remembei "although Mr. Anton did not know it, that gray coat you wore in here could not. possibly have been listed for the show today, because it was sold several days ago. It was the only one of Its kind, and it has not been returned to the store."
Gorgeous
embroidery
This
she went on
build
show is really Important to me. We are staging it rather elaborately, you know
wedding march — all the trim mlngs—
"I know
the first woman and test her own airplane
Dr. Mary Wong
Chinese restaurateur Ont. was appointed to the staff of rbe Medical Research. Banting ln-stitu'e. University of Toronto.
DAINTY NIGHTGOWN
laughter of a of London.
bridesmaids, pages
three beaten egg yolks, sti


plucked eyebrows
The reign of Henry
time
Constance said dryly. Everything but the groom."
“You wouldn’t let me down would
»
"the fashion
y ill showed unparalleled magnificence in dress both ! or men and The women added to their way of garments the hoop or the farthingale” as it was called in England. It was a wide "tiff petticoat mounted on hoops of iron, wood or whalebone. The time of Elizabeth Tudor was the ago of uff. of perfume and wigs, of
ZL
4
*
continued to
When Constance bold her silence before the utter fcbswdity of any explanation she :ould offer. Elsa O’Dare went on. "I shall have to insist on your tell-
ame to here dis-
V
you? It may be a little — 1 mean—' "Don't worry. If I'm tempted to hysteria, 1 shall remind myself that my telephone bill is due *o-
\\ omen
Politeness In
i
i
Hand-shake
4 /'
3117
morrow.
Constance did not know that as
ng me how you Way in g a coat we had sold "You sold i
and add two squa-cs of
Him But Not Tight, and Never Fishy, Not Pumphandle

she passed, a little pale in her white velvet and gossamer veil, the sentimental old ladies wiped their young girls dreamed, and men looked thoughtful.
Her thoughts, if It were possible to report them coherently, might have run something like this wonder if 1 ought to walk a little
What would Derek think
i 'on stance

yes
to mel
the i
padded sleeves, spreading farthing ale. peaked bodice — of every arti five that human nature could d->
laid. "To me
X
Of cours»
ped
"Do 1 understand same of our competitors have used Inspired tactics from time to time Deform
like green ice -you representing?
"Myself."
Tho situation was so Incredibly fantastic that Constance was be ginning to enjoy It. Miss O'Dare's beautifully manicured hands moved in a gesture of complete frustration.
"Well," she said with something almost like unwilling amusement, -after all, this Is our show you know. Do you mean to tell me —
Her eyes narrow-
cam
4
Dump-handle handshakes are ev than "fishy” handshakes
eyes
1
en worse
pump-handles are often painlul.
polite hand-shaker will hand firmly, but not too tightly. He won’t shake up and down ; he won't squeeze so hard that finger rings cut the p« rson whose hand he is shaking, says the Associated Press.
It's a woman’s place to offer her hand to a man. That is especially true if she is being hostess in her own home. Most men, however, arc so used to shaking hands they are likely to take it for granted they should shake hands with women.
Four persons shouldn't shake hands all at once
Elsa O'Dare's eyes were just whom are
VLSI-
gar
The

1
grasp a
Girls, Wear More In Cold Weather
/

faster ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
if lie knew 1 was having a wedding
and a fashionable
/
/
turo
all by myself one, too? . . .
Bur 1 must not think . . The bridesmaids

Worn-
And Have Long Life
of 105 Celebrates 105th
Birthday at Her Heme in
Morewood, Ontario
î
l
about Derek look marvelous in those posy-gar-
Derek
for am mil
an
§
deu frocks and bonnets would liavo liked a big wedding . . . . 1 mustn't think about IXerek . . . Now if the pages don't forget to lift my train when I turn dev what Derek about Derek. 1 promised Miss O-Thtnk about my telephone
6
READERS. WRITE IN! Chamber»
welcome»
*
Mis»
personal letter» from interested reader». She i» pleased to receive suggestion» ou topic» for her column, a»d »s even
A little white-haired woman who lived under the reigns of six British sovereigns looked back on
of life last month and
1 won
1
wait a minute *d “That coat was sold as part ot a trousseau. 1 remember because It was part of a rather large order
ao htise Gia a ho bandied it was quite set up
. And the customer who w;,s to he married to
I must not think

X
in wheel-fash-that has nothing to do with
I 03 years opined that girls could do wit.i
more respect for cold weather.
"If they dressed warmly, the way I do, girls would be healthier and live a good deal longer," said Mrs. May Jane Bogart, of More-wood, Ontario, who was celebrating her lOûth birthday annivei>
Darc
Oh, Derek dear, It was to liavo been about this time!"
What Your Getting Into
When it was over, and Constance had taken off her wedding finery, she found Elsa O'Dare waiting for her in the little office off the dress
ion
bill
s
Mia saleswoman
pet
ready to listen to yovr
Request» for recipe»
order. "Mis»
V
superstition; it simply saves everybody from feeling awkward.
When two men arid two women it usually works out to
men
peeves
or special menu» are in Address your letter» tu Sadie B. Chamber», 73 West

about It . bought 1
meet
everybody’s advantage if the shake hands and the women greet each other verbally and with a ndd or a smile.
day
1 was
Constance said
"Yos
to have been married today. But
Xdelaide Street, Toronlo
ins room.
: Before you decide# to go into this. Miss Maldwell,” she said
understand, exactly
I
*e
Somewhere Before
By LOUISE LENNOX
ary
Hunter Borrows
Wife’s Corsets
Mrs. Bogart came to Canada in 1845 as a little girl when her par-
Fermanagh
1
somewhere ue
I’ve aevn you
Eisa O'Dare was studying a meditative attentive* You were wearing blue . . .
Here’s something luxurious . . . a hand made nightgown and bed jacket. So inexpensive when you them yourself. Pastel blue lingerie crepe or satin, trimmed with dainty lace straps makes the prettiest nightie we've seen. The jacket is lovely, too, with its lace collar and tiny pockets. Make a pre-1 sent for yourself of it, to wear 1 when you want to read in bed at night.
Style No. 3117 is designed for sixes 12, 14, 10, 30, 38, 40, 42, 44 and 40. Kize 30 requires 3% yards of 30 inch material, L* yard lace fur nightgown; 1 % yards material, with 'I yard 27 inch lace fbr jacket.
Send FIFTEEN CENTS 115c). (Coin is preferred) for PA I PE UN to Louise I.ennox. Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your nam style number. Be sure to state si 'e
you
want you to what you’re getting into. The publicity department of an establish ment like ours Is no placo for people with te il dor sensibilities. We tuned to a pretty high tension; and people who are hurried seldom havo time or Inclination to consider other people's feelings very ten*
You. like everyone else will be a con-fault-
fore
Letter Mailed In
Last War Returns
from
moved
eut»
County, Eire. She has yet to suffer a serious illness, another point in her argument for more winter
for Canadian woman
hor with
nos»
just th* shade of your eyes
The Portrait of a Uidy in . And there was it squib olumn hi the Dis
The new streamlined corsets a»e lacing canine figures now.
A Fulton, Mo., sportsman tried adhesive tape to protect stitches in the side of his wounded hunting dog but when that failed to stick he borrowed a. corset from hie vs ite.
or
sew
rou rse Blue .
In Danforth> patch
Emma Williams, of Spokane, Wash., one day last week opened her mail box, took out a letter, then wept softly. It was one she had mailed 21 years ago to her brother, Oscar Birkland, soldier with the American army in France. He died several months after returning home. Clues to its journeys mostly were undecipherable. There was a purple notation
18 Tours,” several illegible red ink marks and Miss Williams’ return address. “He must have been in a hospital when the letter got to France," she said
garments
hood.
art;
:
Mrs. Bogun can recall many incidents during the sailboat trip of weeks and four days across
?metking ahoul your en-Dt-rek M ant lion. The
gagcinent to girl* iu my department thought it terrifically romantic. And still" ~ perhaps noticing Constance's pit-attempt at self-control, she biohi off and finished swiftly, Sup-let this drop for the pro-
derly
in ilit ilfpartnien étant target for cvltlclsu finding, hack passing, and back bit from other departments all
seven
the Atlantic Ocean 04 years ago
Laced in, little could be seen of the deg except his head and tail. Results of the hunt, 10 birds.
eons
ing
“MIDDLE AGE"
over tho plant."
"I suppose tho only answer to
take It," Con-
pose we
lent. You —"
"No." Constancy said move stead
i could have believed I think* we'd better cleai
"trying lime" by taking I'inkham V well known
.voundod 10
that la that I can stance said.
My than she
possible.	HHI
this up here and now, Miss O Bare. I came here to meet a Mrs Major lor lunch and talk about a job. Anti
wedding had to he
rfiolarstjip
Sometimes it's
‘ You'll have to
like living in a psychotic ward Personally I rather enjoy It" -Elsa O'Dare grinned a surprisingly
"perhaps because 1
with it. Perhaps be-
LŸDIA E. PINKHAM’S
uiti iiMMrÜM for incrltorloua
wild
iimwlvNl voies iiowltlonw offered to fisiuidtHn* of either »e* iieder i'l >e««rw of nue. The t omfeot elooeo
tit hi; entry form* nod
A
and
VEGETABLE COMPOUND
i
and they didn't find I don’t even remember in the tetter. I'd like :o
boyish grin hare grown up cauHO lui Irish and likf* a t'Rhi. . • • telling, you this because you to h:ive had a rather different
>1 urvti I
detailed information may he «*• eared from The t itnndliin I'er-formlMi! IllKht Soviet y, I Imite#* Itovi,l liunk lliilldlr*. Torowto.
ii i m
since my
postponed, I wanted something t"
do for a few weeks."
Constance was finding it sirange-y (wsmy to explain >o this qui«‘t

my
ISSUE NO. 2—'40
wha
knew - in a way. But I'm never going to upvn it.”
address ami
8
I iii
ialL
à
seem
###PAGE###8###
Look Here
A Word to Subscribers
Ideua Brownlee ; May	Miss
‘ Amy Corrigan.
Refreshments were served by 1 Miss Mattie Cochrane assisted by I Mrs. W. Way.
Wilson’s Garage
At this particular period of the year wo are very desirous of having nil subscription accounts paid in full, and thus make a special request to those of our readers in a near.® to attend to this little duty at Although the amount
Fop Saif, Wants, Found
Lost etc.
January Clearing’s
The Same Reliable Service
O
FOR SALE—One «hiving horse, font years-old. Apply to Per# \ It am. ax ivm Mai)laud. Que. Phone H—II.
we
Annual Meeting ot St. Paul s Ladies Guild
The LiuluNk Guild of St. Paul's Church met on Thursday alter-noon at the home ul Mis. A. tj.
Now is the time to purchase J w
organization, was largely attend-
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Made-to-Measure Suits
rcm SALE or EXCHANGE- On Marc rising two years old, will sell ft reasonable cash price or exchange ft work horse. Apply to llrssKt.L Elliot Chatteris, Que. Phone HO--Ml.
once
may be small to each individual subscriber yet the aggregate
l
Ford Service
i
amount represents a targe sum
Ml subscriptions not
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
tO. V:«
paid by February 1st, may be listed for other means of cob
FOR SALK—Dwelling house hit untcl at Stark's Corners, includes Lot IL'U feet by 2(H) feet, six room house, H.C. flv finish, woodshed, summei kitchen and tiled well. For further particulars apply to, j C. H. Fui.fohi», Cowansville, Que.
suit tailored by the
1 i'(l
a new
Baker Tailoring’ Company of Hamilton, Ont.
J. P. Wilson
fi
The meeting was conducted by the rector, who thanked the ladies -;j behalf of the officers and members of the congregation for the support which they had rendered
to the parish in the past year. |
The financial statement was read , by Mrs. W. K. Shaw, treasurer of the guild. The statement showed | a substantial credit balance at the I end of the year.
Discussing general business followed after which the election of officers was proceeded with. The results of elections were as follows :	President, Mrs. T. E. R.
Nurse ; vice president, Mrs. C. F. C. Powles, and secretary treasurer Mrs. \V. E Shaw
mittee, Mrs. L. Kelly, Mrs. James Caldwell, Mrs. Brough, Mrs, L. Strutt, Mrs. G. (i. McDowell and Mrs. Nurse, as convener.
Visiting committee, Mrs. G. G. McDowell and Mrs. Andrew Rod
lection
Main Street Shaw ville, Quebec
Phone 40
on
In Mcmoriam
Morrison — In mcrtioty of our dear father, Jan.es Morrison, who God called home Jan. 17, 11)37.
Three years have passed and gone, Since one we loved so well,
Was taken from our home on earth With Jesus Christ to dwell.
The pearly gates gates were opened,
A gentle voice said “come
And with farewells unspoken,
God called our lovgd one home.
Lovingly remembered by
Jack and Mary
Morrison—In loving memory of our dear husband and father, James Morrison, who passed away January 17th, 1937.
In our hearts your memory lingers Sweetly, tender fond and true,
There is not a day dear,
That we do not think of you.
Not dead to those who loved you Not lost, but gone before,
He lives with us in memory still And will forevermore
Sadly missed by WiFK and Fvmii.y
WM NI) CHARGER- Harness the wind uni turn il into clevtridly l*y ha'inr -i • wind charged made and installed ai a very small cost, and terms if desired. All work fully guaranteed. Apply hi now Aim BROWN, It. -* Shaw villi Phone IMS.
V
new
We are giving a 10 per cent, discount on all orders in January.

NOTICE
'
/
Fur Pelts Wanted
Notice Regarding Annual Meeting of C. P A S. No 1
I wish to announce to the public tlut I am in the market for all kinds of Seasonable Fur lVlts and assure highest market prices.
NORRIS It. HORN El Licensed Fur Dealer Shaw ville, Que.
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
The Annual Meeting of the members of the County of Pontiac Agricultural Society (Division A) No. 1 will be held in the Agricultural Society hall, Shaw ville, on Tuesday, January 23rd, 1910, at 2.00 p m. to consider the Annual Report .and general business of the Society, etc., and for the purpose of electing a Hoard Directors.
L. Armstrong,
President
Buying com
Phone 43
Phone, 43
Annual Meeting of Bristol Farmers’ Club
Rim
The annual meeting of Bristol
Club will he belli at
Propelty committee, Mrs. More- I land Hod gins, Mrs. C. J. Caldwell and Miss I va Cowan.	j
Auditor®, Mrs Andrew Hod gins , and Mrs. 11. A. Hodgins.
Farmers
Bristol Corners on Wednesday January 21th urgently requested to be present. To have the privilege to vote members must have their lees paid before the meeting.
J. C tii.h.xx, Secretary.
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
All members ant
erved by
Refreshments were Mrs Brough, assisted by Mrs b
C. Smyth,
R. W. Holm ins
Sec.'Treas.
Monuments in Marble and Granite
information on special designs and prices.
Write for
Phone. 278


GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
W
m
Davis
Mi
A brother. Andrew
DOMINION OF CANADA
the Parish hall, on Friday evening. January 19th, at 8 o’clock.
township Davis resides at Campbell s Hay
Death of Miss W. Armstrong Widely Regretted Here
Shawville United Woman s Assoiation Postal New Officers
The Woman's Association of Shawville United Church met on
FIRST WAR LOAN
Many relatives and friends in Shawville and the surrounding
mmm
«B ÉWSI
of socks, 2 sweaters, 4 pair wrist lets and 4 pair of mitts finished with goods purchased by the ladies of the church and sent to the headquarters in Ottawa of the Red Cross. She read a letter of thanks for the goods received in which there was a note congratulating the ladies on how beauti fully the work had been done.
At the close of the meeting refreshments were served by the hostesses Mrs. J R. McDowell, Mrs. P. J. Masson and Mrs. D. J. Campbell.
«200.000.000
The Bank of Canada is authorized by the Minister of Finance to receive subscriptions for a loan to be issued for rash
3 Vi l*or On I Bonds
To be Redeemed by Annual Drawing* by Lot
as foliotes:
20% of the Loan on February /, 1918 at 100*00
February /, 1919 at 100.00 February /, 1950 at 100.00 February 1. 1951 at 100.50 February 19 1952 at 101.00
Issue Prlee: 100% ami a# erm «I interest.
the following terms:
m
Mrs. Weaver Bereaved
Mrs. Weaver, wife of Rev. Jacob Weaver, pastor of Shawville Wesleyan Methodist Church, was called away last week by the death ol her mother, Mrs. Catherine A. Cavil, which occurred at Williamsburg,Ont-, on Tuesday.
The funeral was held at the residence of her son, Jack Cavil, 32S Snnuyside Avenue, Ottawa, with Canon Robert Turley, conducting the service Beech wood cemetery.
Chief mourners and survivors are a son, Jack, well known in Ottawa musical circles ; two daughters, Mrs. J. Weaver, Shawville, and Mrs. George Hodgkin-on, Ottawa, and a sister, Mrs. Maud Boyer, in England.
Among the many floral tributes were those from the Shawville and Campbell's Bay Wesleyan Methodist Church ami the staff C.B.O.
20 r
20%
20%
46
20%
Interment was in
Junior Guild of St. Paul s Review Work of Past Year
The proceeds will be used by the Government to finance expenditures for war purposes.
Payment is to be made in full against delivery of interim certificates on or after February 1, 1940.
. Principal and interest will be payable in lawful money of Canada. Interest will be payable without charge semi-annually at any branch in Canada of any chartered bank. The Bonds will Ik dated February 1, 1940.
Denomination of Hearer Hands:
The Minister of Finance may, at his discretion, authorize the Bank of Canada to accept applications to convert Dominion of Canada VA Bonds maturing March 1, 1940, into an equal par value of additional bonds of the above issue. The 3% Bonds accepted for conversion will be valued at 100.17% and accrued interest to date of delivery.
Cash subscriptions and conversion applications may be made to tbc Bank of Canada, Ottawa, through any branch in Canada of any chartered bank or through any approved investment dealer or stock broker from whom copies of the official prospectus con* taming complete details of the issue may he obtained.
The Minister of Finance reserves the right to allot cash subscriptions in full or in part.
Subscription lists evill ope n at 9 tun.,	on January 15, 1940, and will remain
open thereafter for not longer than two weeks, hot may be closed at any Urne at the discretion of the Minister of Finance, with or without notice.
The Junior Guild of St Paul's Church met at the borne of Miss Mattie Cochrane on Thursday evening, Jan. 11th, to review the work of the past year and diaw up plans for the present season. The rector, Rev. T. E. K Nurse, presided over the meeting.
In the absence of the treasurer, the financial report was read by Miss Melba Hudgins.
Extensive repairs and changes had been made on the rectory building, sponsored by the organization The report showed that over 90 per cent of the co*t of this work had been met by the end of the year.
After the discussion of the report and the general business, the young ladies were thanked by the rector for their continued support and interest. Officers were then
of
Funeral of Henry M. Davis Former Resident of Bristol
Sclnieber. Ont. 29 -The funeral of the late Hem y McMahon Davis, who died Satur day, was held Tuesday afternoon at 2 o’clock from the family residence to St. Andrew's United Church. Rev. A.
Lavender officiated.-The church was filled to overflowing by the many friend- of the f amily. Miss Helen Wilson chosen for the new year which re presided at the organ. The inner- suited in the follow ing being sel al was under the auspices of the eefied :
Brotherhood of Railway Train
men with Fred Hiller in charge. j president, Miss L. WiUon Burial was in Union cemetery. tar y, Miss M. Strutt The pallbearers were : Allan Jaf- Miss Sophia Hudgins fray, Ansen MeCuaig, Arthur M. committee, Miss Shaw, Mrs. Henry Brown, James Carmichael, W. J. Hudgins, Mrs. \V. Way and Mis* Scott and Charles Paske.	Mattie Cochrane.
Mr. Davis had been a resident of Meetings for the present sea-Sehrieber for the last 31 years and son were arranged as follows : -was
lover of sports and attended most Miss L. Wilson of the hockey, baseball and tennis Nurse ; March 7. Miss Melba Hod games.	gins ; March 28. Miss I. Sliaw ;
Among those attending the April 11, Mi*s Strutt : April 2*>, f uneral were, Mr». 'Sutherland, of j Mies Sophia Hudgins ; May 9, Miss
*50, *100, $500, $1,000
Pi evident, Mrs. II. Judd ; vice
secre-treasurer. Buying
Jan. 23th, Mrs. If. Judd
Feb. 8 Feb. 22, Mrs
e was a
Ottawa, January 12, 1910
;
V
>
