###PAGE###1###

'>
X
f '>•

%
m
H
51.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the Unite estates
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE;, THURSDAY, MAY 23. 1940
I
No. 48, 57tu Tear
1
V
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
BORN,
Mrs. Stinson, hairdresser, of Renfrew, will be at the home of Mrs. James Allen, Centre Street,
Phone
A Call to Prayer and Intercession, Sunday, May 20
Shawville Hardware
At Lsurentide Hospital, Grand-mere, Que., (Ai Monday, May 20, 1940, to Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Bradley, (nee Lottie McDowell) of Three Rivers, Que, a son—still born.
on Tuesday, Mu y 28th 7—22, or 28 for appointments Special prices on all permanents
It has been announced in England that IIin Majesty the King has expressed the wish that Sunday, May 20th, he set aside as a day of National Prayer in the United Kingdom on behalf of our Nation and Umpire, our Allies and of the cause in which we are united.
In Canada, Ills Excellency, the Administrator of t he Government, has called upon the people of all religious denominations to set this same day apart with the United Kingdom as a day of mble prayer and intercession to Almighty God on behalf of the same just cause. This call to prayer issued by national and im peri a I leaders has been re enforced by a similar call from our church leaders of the various church bodies of the British Empire.
Accordingly, we, the pastors and ministers ot the various church bodies of Shawville and surrounding district, call on all people to gather in their respective churches on Sunday, May 20th, to make appropriate observance of this day of Immble prayer and intercession. In this time of our need there shall be emphasized our “need for Divine guidance in the prosecution of this war which has been forced upon us by those powers seeking to overthrow the great fundamental principles of freedom, justice, mercy and goodwill. ’
(Rev'ds) A. Fr Pokes,
T. E. R. Nurse,
Robt. Boston, Jacob Weaver, Frank Harvey.
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest.and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
The Junior Girl's Guild of St Paul's Church, Shawville, are presenting two short phiys at Radford Parish hall on Thursday evening. May 23rd, and again at Shawville Theatre hall on Thursday evening, May 80th. Titles of the plays are, “No Men Admitted” and “The Little Bluffei
FISHING * TACKLE
Mr and Mrs A. S Smart Celebrate Their 58th Wedding Anniversary
See Our Stock Of
On Wednesday, May 15th, Mr.
A S. Smart of this
and Mis village, celebrated the 58th anniversary of their marriage quietly at their home, and a special dinner at the Clarendon Hotel, with Mis. Smart's 'brother. Mr. John A. Dean and his wife as guests.
Mr. and Mrs. Smart received the best wishes of many relatives and friends during the day.	f
They were married at Foresters Falls, Ont, by the Rev, M. D. M. Blakeley.
Mr. Smart is in his 84th year and Mrs. Smart is in her 83rd year. Both are enjoying fair health.
High Grade Fishing Tackle
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
W. E. COWLING President
Dr. R O. Docks With Dental Corps
Having secured a commission as Lieutenant in the Canadian Army Dental Corps, Dr. R. G. Docks has closed out his dental practice in Shawville and at Campbell's Bay during the past week.
Equipment in both offices is intact and the Doctor intends to dispose of his practice. He regrets that army orders did not allow him to complete all work at hand before his departure.
hu
Hooks, Lines, Rods, Reels,
Metal Lines, Fly Hooks, Bate Boxes, Artificial Bates, Fly Repellants, Landing Nets, Baskets, etc.
JAMES A. MILLAR
8. A. L L. L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’. Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
lK
ir

V


National Cement Always in Stock
GET OUR PRICES
<
Annual Convention of Pontiac Womens Institute

HARLAND C. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Bristol Farmers' Club Sponsoring Farm Garden Contest
Bristol Farmers’ Club propose conduct in g a farm garden for members of the organization. Ten prizes in money will be offered and all entries must be received by the Secretary.Treasurer. J. C.
Glenn, not later than Monday, July 1st.
The Club will donate special prizes for a calf contest in dairy and beef breeds in connection with Bristol School Fair, open to mem hers sons, with one entry to each family.
Women’s Institute members of Pontiac County were entertained by the membeisof Fort Coulonge branch at the Annual Convention, held Wednesday, May 8th. Repre sen tail ves were present from Shawville, Clarendon, Elmsule, Stark's Corners and Wyman. The County President, Mrs. W. J Murray, presided, assisted by the Secretary•Treasuief, Miss Abbie
Pritchard.	.	, .
The year’s work was reviewed in
reports from the Secretaries and Conveners. Mrs. J. A Hobbs, Home Economics convener, was in charge of a “Thrift Article dis-
The May meeting of the Elmside ^ *unmmktee elected the P|>est Women’s Institute met at the Hrticles to be sent; to the Provinci home ol Miss Margaret Hoy on Li (jotiveiltion to be held at Mac Tuesday the 14th, with a large
attendance of both members and
The President, Mrs. W.
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgina Building Main Street,' Shawville, Que.

Est. C. J. Caldwell
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Campbell’s Bay, Que
(In Lawn Block)
Office

Elmside Women's Institute
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B.A., L.L.B..
Notary

Men’s Suits
Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC

Pontiac House Sold
¦
donalii College in .June.
The Farm and Home BeautiUca-,
...	, _	. lion Contest is to be continued i
Murray i>resided and the meet. t|1|- year alld branch exhibits will
ing opened by singing the Ode be entered at Shaw ville Fair, end repeating the Institute Greed a grant was made to the Agri |
Minutes of last meeting read and j ‘honorarium “to ''* Miss Êdey, 1 ing our Bed Cross work through , t ijllllK m.D , of the Canadian 189 MAIN STREET
ISI;#5r : ElEfEi isEEEEr
aOlacdonaldin JurTe ahmg'with | meeting, there m October was by Mr. Neil Drummond. County Lnn„M n for her address, and to
SüS=éS1I1
Angus and Mrs. M. Kchoe.	Armstrong.
Officers elected for the coming
XV • J.

will call any
During tlm pf\*t week Mr. W. J. Ci. Gibson became owner of the Pontine House, which has been ned and operated for the past
...years by H II. Cochrane and
Son, who enme to Shawville from Prescott, Ont.
Some months ago Messrs. Cochrane acquired a large lintel bust ness in the city of London, Ont.
Mr. OîbAôii intend- taking over the business this week but will continue to operate his transport
business.
High grade English Cloths are becoming very scarce and before ‘long will be almost impossible to procure.
visitors
Branch at Quyon
Monday on request
dealt with bytcorrespondence
!
I
J
m

Matters
o\v
m
k
nine

$
!
R. MILLER WALLACE
barrister
PHONE, 2—2219
0
&
h
avocat
<w#f'
v.viv-l liv
>
i
We have about fifty very nice samples — Limited quantity—which we can offer for a short time only —made up by an excellent clothier.
4
*n

i
mm
w


i

y*.
i

Rev. Thos Edgar Armstrong
!
D. J. CAMBPELL
O

>
Veterinary Surgeon
i
9
Many relatives and friends in this district were shocked on Saturday evening, May lltli, when word was received that Rev. Thos Edgar Armstrong, HA, BA, had pissed away on that date at the United Church parsonage in VVninwright, Alberta.
Tom, as he was familiarly known in this his native community, was well known and loved born in Clarendon, near Green Lake, on January 23rd, 1881, a son of the late John G. Armstrong and his wife Jane Ann Hudgins. He
ve children, three me brother, all of Ised him. The last Rev. Heman Arm-
'>
SHAWVILLE
O
$23.50
1	Part Suits
2	Pant Suits $27.50
Phone 8 I.
l
/
Dp. R E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL. QUE. PLATEAU 63 SS
4
jL,
t

11
>
He was
Semi Ready Tailoring
A
%
4
y»ar were : President, Mi Murray. Maryland dents, Mrs. C. J. Caldwell, Shawville ; Mrs. J. G. Bryson, Fort Con longe ; Mrs. D A. Mactavlane, Bristol , secretary treasurer, Mis-Abbio 8. Pritchard, Wyman. Conveners of Committees—A g ri.
culture, Mrs. R. W. Hodgins Canadian Industries — Mrs
Canadianizatioo and National Events—Mrs. Clifford
Child Welfare and Public
Ed iv
-f
X
s
United Y P U. Play Draws Large Crowd
vice presi
was one sisteis whom pj to pass o
strong, who died in 1018 Armstrong received his early education at No. 10 School. Clarendon, and at Shawville High School. In 1011 he graduated from McGill University, Montreal, and was ordained as a minister of the Methodist Church. A short time later he went to Western Canada where he has held several important pastorates. For the past live six years he was in charge of the United Church congregation at Wainwright, Alberta»
Three years ago, when attending the general assembly of the United Church in Canada in ses at Ottawa, as the Alberta delegate, Mr. and Mrs. Armstrong renewed acquaintances in this dis trict and lie was selected as the special speaker tor the annual memorial service at the village ce mete i
0%. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.

With an audience that crowded the Theatre hall to capacity Friday night, the Shawville United Y.P.U. presented their ninth annual play “West the Medicine Man”. The bright dialogue and interesting plot held the audience until the close of the play with deep interest. The title role of the Medicine Man was taken by Wendell Wilson in his usual flamboyant style ; while other humorous parts were taken by Kay Woodley, as a darkey scrub woman ; Lsobel Sly as a spinster lady of rather uncertain years, yet still hoping, and Jessie Armstrong as a simple country girl. More set ions characterization wer given by Geo. Fades, as a rather grumpy business man, Thomas Flack ; Rob Hodgins, as the Medicine Man’s nephew, Dave Bragg, and Helen MacLean as his niece Rose Flack A slick city gunman was pictured by Walter Kilgour. as Ed. No^le ; a truculant and a traitorous bank clerk, Booth Fawcett, by Clarence Dean ; a bright up to date «laugh
ter of Flack, Clara, by Marion Lester ; while Mrs. Ross Swartz represented Madam Zink, a small town woman sheriff. Those with leaser supporting parts were Ben Midlige, Ebert Horner, Elaine Horner, Ross Swartz, I va Cotie. Bert "Swartz, Margaret Young avd Ina McDowell During the medi. cine show in the third scene some clever slight of hand tricks were given by Helen MacLean. In the intermissions, choice music was furnished by an orchestra consist i g of trumpets, Ken Smyth and Geo. Reid ; guitar, Ted Reid ; piano, Vic Swartz ; drums. Ray. murid Lynch ; violin, and leader Lindsay Judd, The United Y.P.U. is very grateful to the Anglic* t young men who gave such choice hell» in the orchestra.
*
Mr
on
«*
4
4
«c
Ira
BELAIR 3 267
Whelan
a

'N
Taber „
Health-Mrs. Karl Findlay . cation and Better Schools —Mrs. Kenneth Smiley; Home Economics — Mrs J. & Hobbs; Immigration-Miss Emma Me Id rum ; Legislation —Mrs. D. A. Russell ; Publicity-Miss K M, Kdey ; Tea Room—Mrs Jas. A. Graham.
H. K. NEILSON, Nl.D.
W
Collegiate Suits
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDIC
180 METCALFE STREET
- ONT
or

ILDING
J
z

OTTAWA.
Young Men’s Collegiate Suits made in the latest styles, smart double breasted models.
%
PHONE, 2-7861

sion
Shawville and District Branoh Canadian Red Cross Society
The third shipment of knitted articles from the units of this branch were forwarded to Ottawa last week
were	...
official Canadian Red Cross labels. Following the forwarding of these garments and hospital supplies a detailed statement of the full shipment will be published.
T: E. R Nursb,
Secretary.
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
ONTARIO

%


y, where he met a groat Id friends from far and
<
. Hospital garments held for the attaching of
OTTAWA
SCIENTIfIC
Specialists all Visual and Muscular Eye Defect,
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Beg. Optometrist	Reg. Optometrist
many o
Surviving are hi - < or rowing wife and two children, XVilletta, a graduate of Kd mon ton University and Brock, at present a medical student in the same institution ; a half-sister, Mrs. XV. J. Gayer, of Ottawa, and many other relatives who deeply regret his passing.
i
eye EXAMINATIONS

2 Pant Suits $17.50
i-i

Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
Since the above was put into type, Thk Equity has received a copy of the VVninxvright Star con taming the account of Rev. Mr. Armstrong's death, and we learn that he was injured in a car accident a couple of months ago, and had been under medical care since that time. His death, however, occurred suddenly and as a great shock to the whole town and community.
The funeral was held at XVain-wright cn Monday with several ministers of his Presbytery taking part in the service.
Bicycle' Agency
*
¦
l wish to announce that I have received the agency for C U M Bicycles and am in a do all kinds of Bicy< re string tennis racquets, general repair work, at reason able prices.
New Bicycles from $32.50 to $38.75 HERB 8 PER BERG,
King Street, Shawville, Que,
REIllOMl'AMES
Strone
E x Fir i i reed
Dependable

W. A. Hodgins. 1 t'd
t
«itiou to
repairs, and



I routh
Shawville
Quebec

(i
nr»

!l

J!
SHAWVILLE - QUE.


y
»

> ;
*

###PAGE###2###
X
learns promptly whether her mate mails her letter*. In every letter
she encloses a self-addressed postal card. If the card is returned, she knows the letter was delivered. If not—
These British "Sub-men” Stung A Pocket Battleship
How To Torture
A Luckless Mate
Improve Rural School Grounds
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
9#





I

One Kansas City wife — identity secret because her husband doesn't know how she does it—
m

Only One-Quarter of Schools In Rural Ontario Have Lawns Mowed, end Trees, Shrubs, Flowers Cared For, Department of Education Says

m.

LESSON VH
JEREMIAH DENOUNCES FALSE PROPHETS — Jeremiah 23 Printed Text, Jer. 23:21-32 Golden Text — “Prove all things;
hold fast that which Is good/
1 These. 5:21.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time — During the reign of Je-hoiachin, 598 B.C.
Place — Jerusalem.
The twenty-third chapter of Jeremiah provides us with a mirror In which we see reflected many conditions originally existing In Israel, but surely again prevailing in our own day. In our own land are many men and women who make pretense of being mouthpieces of God, who are deluding thousands of people. Inevitably the hour comes when a false prophet Is exposed, when ultimately he dies, and all those that followed him not only know that they have been deceived — but that they are indeed lost souls. A person who deals in spiritual truth and pretends to be what h# Is not is a terrible liar and deceiver.
THE PROPHET JEREMIAH
The prophet Jeremiah was one ol the greatest of all.the prophets who ever appeared In Israel. He belonged to the village called Anathoth, northeast of Jerusalem, and was called to the office of prophet when about twenty years of age, in the thirteenth year of King Jos lab, of 628 B.C., In which sacred work he continued actively until the destruction of Jerusalem In 586 B.C. After the capture of Jerusalem he was treated with great consideration by the Babylonians, who gave him the choice of going to Babylon or of remaining In his native land. He decided for the latter, but subsequently In bis old age he was compelled by the rebellious Jews remaining in the land to go to lower Egypt, where he still continued to preach the word of God to his fellow Israelites (chaps. 43,44).
In contrast to optimistic prophets who had hoped to remedy matters in Israel, Jeremiah from the beginning predicted the destruction of the city and the sanctuary, as also the end of the Jewish nation and the exile of the people. What characterizes this prophet is the spiritual Inwardness of his religion. The external temple will be destroyed; external sacrifices have no value, because those who offer them are lacking in spirituality.
BETTER DAY TO COME In the twenty-third chapter the prophet brings a message from the Lord regarding a better day to come, when Israel, scattered by her false rulers, brought into such disobedience against God, that they became the prey of. foreign Gentile nations, will be as a flock brought back again into the fold, i.e. to the land of Israel, where they will enjoy fruitfulness and prosperity and peace. Over them will be set faithful shepherds who will truly lead the people of God in the ways of righteousness.
21. I sent not these prophets, yet they ran: I spake not unto them, yet they prophesied. 22. But if they had stood in my council, then had they caused my people to hear my words, and had turned them from their evil way. and from the evil of their doings. 23. Am I a God at hand saitli Jehova1*, and not a God afar off? 24. Can any hide himself in secret places so that I shall not see him? waitb Jehovah. l>o not T fill heaven and earth? smith Jehovah.
25. I have heaid what the prophets have said, that prophesy lies in my name: saying. I have dreamed. I have dreamed. 2G. How long shall this be in the heart of the prophets that prophesy lies, even the prophets of the deceit of their own heart? 27. that think to cause my people to forget my name by their dreams which they (ell every man to his neighbor, as their fathers forgat my name for Baal. The false prophets acted as if God were far away out of their sight, not knowing nor caring what men did; the true prophet feels that he is equal- : iy near God in all places.
THE WORD OF GOD
L’S. The prophet that hath a 'dream, let him tell a dream; and tie that hath my word, let him also | •peak my word faithfully What is the straw to the wheat? smith Jehovah. 29. Is not my word like fire? faith Jehovah; and like a hammer that breaketh the rock In pieces?
10. Therefore, behold. I am against the prophets, saitli Jehovah, that steal my word* every one from his neighbor. 31. Hehold. I am against the prophets, saitli Jehovah, that use their tongues, and say, He saitli 32. Behold. I am against them that prophesy lying dreams, smith Jehovah, and do tell them, and cause my people to err by their lies, anu by their vain boasting; yet I sent them not, nor commanded them; neither do they profit this people st all, saitli Jehovah.
The word of God is like a fire In that whenever It is received Into the human mind it burns up the false ideas which men have of God. of sin, of righteousness, and of heaven. The word of God when preached powerfully and believed means the destruction of every Iniquitous (Mlluelinn

By William Ferguson
This Curious World
/
'4
>

The Provincial Department of Education is urging a special drive this Spring for improvement in the appearance of rural school grounds. A survey made by Chief Inspector V. K. Greer and Norman Davies, inspector of agricultural classes shows that of 5.722 schools only 1.438 have lawns mowed and trees, shrubs and flower beds cared for; 2,500 have trees and shrubs partially cared for and the grass cut only several times a year with a farm mower; 1,784 with grass and weeds seldom cut and shrubs and trees, if planted, neglected.
WORK DONE BY PUPILS While the School Act and regulations make the school board responsible for the size and general care of the grounds, Mr. Davies points out that the Regulations provide for a $15 to $30 range for the flowers, shrubs and bulbs which must be planted by the pupils, under the direction of the teacher, and may be included in the agricultural report as expenditure on which the grant is paid. This is in schools where agriculture is taught. It is emphasized the work must be done by the pupils. No school can hire outside help and get the grant.
Il*
i


/ -
*3
•:a r

i

X

f

IF THE
HVOROGEN
IN A SINGLE DROP fcjfl OF WATER. I
* >
W.
V
SRS
I.
•V
i *
i M
WERE MADE
INTO
4M
X
\
HELIUM
ATOMS,

\

ALL AT ONCE,
$8
tT WOULD EXPLODE WITH THE FORCE OF A



#



TWO-POUND ST/CAC
of ovnam/te:/




ü\ IM’ ev NE* SERVICE. INC



*

FLOWERING DOGWOOD
WON OUT AS STATE FLOWER. OF VIRGINIA BECAUSE A RIVAL, THE V/PGINiA
ceesMExe, is a
CL/NI3/AAS PLANT/
VOTERS ARGUED THAT IT WAS




Il
r
a
m
The officers and crew of the British submarine “Spearfish” art ahowii on the deck of their “pig boat” as they arrived at an unnamed
English port from their assignment in Norwegian waters, during which, ¦ ^	-	- - -
the “Spearfish” hit the German pocket battleship Admiral Scheer with I C,fl|îi2|na. HOTlOFft one torpedo, and maybe more. Members of the crew are looking at the Spearfish insignia on the side of the craft.
.

NOT APPROPRIATE, SINCE THE
PJSOPUE OF VIRGINIA ARE NOT CUMBERS.
Native Artists
7%e-
ment at a low wage scale. Because of this small income any effective method of increasing it through producers* co-operative# or saving it through consumers* co-operatives is a welcome amd necessary factor.**
INCREASE INCOME
The value of co-operation goes beyond the economic sphere and has educational and cultural value. “No one will deny that in recent years farmers have become more class-conscious and more self-assertive,*' Mr. Dewan continued.
“One thing is obvious: That gradually they are showing a determination to obtain due consideration as a class and to receive the rewards for their labors to which they are entitled.”
Bronze Tablets Erected to Memory of Singer and Sculptor — Albanl and Hebert
Form Motes ..
IS THE SPE3CIES USED CH I ER.V
FOR. DISSECTION IN UNIVERSITIES, COLLEGES AND HIGH SCHOOLS.
«7-/9
Says Co-operation Promotes Security
Canada has paid tribute to two of her outstanding artists, Madame Albani and Louis Philipps Hebert, with erection since their deaths of bronze tablets at their birthplaces.
Madame Albani, who was Marie Louis Emma Lajeunesse Gye in private life, was born at Cham-bly, Que., November 1, 1847, educated there at the conventt of the Sacred Heart and later studied singing a Paris and Milan.
Using the name “Albani” she made her operatic debut in Messina, Sicily, in 1870. Her success there led to engagements in Florence, London and Paris.
SANG BEFORE QUEEN VICTORIA
A command to sing at Windsor Castle irf 1874 brought her to the attention of Queen Victoria. Madame Albani died in London May 3, 1930, and the bronze tablet was erected in the garden of her birthplace at Chambly. September 14, 1939.
Hebert, sculptor and designer of monuments, was born January 27, 1850, at Sainte-Sophie d'Hal fax. Que. He studied art in Montreal and Fiance and was elected a member of the Royal Canadian Academy in 1883. He died at Westmount, Que., on June 13, 1917.
IT IS a simple matter to liberate hydrogen atoms by the use of electrical current, but they will be able to unite only in two-by-two combinations So far, man has not learned to unite them in the four-by-four combinations which form helium atoms.
NEXT? Whal is the chief cause of hay fever In the spring?
Co-operation provides one of the means “by which farmers by united effort can attain a fair measure of economic security/* Agriculture Minister P. M. Dew-an of Ontario said in a recent ad* dress at Thorold.
“It seems the lot of the farmer that over a period of years he must submit to limited margins of profit on his operations/' the minister stated. “His income is steady but it is low. We may look
upon him as having reglar employ-
| SOUTH AFRICAN STATESMAN |
• ' ' ¦¦¦¦¦-' »   .... - ¦¦¦¦¦¦ *
HORIZONTAL
1,5 English statesman in South Africa.
10	Stepped upon.
11	Piece of sculpture.
12	Smoke.
14 Genus of
slugs.
16	Toward.
17	Tone B.
18	Upright shaft.
19	Noun termination.
21 Period of time
23	Neuter pronoun.
24	Tg-ce.
25	His will established educational
Answer le Previous Punie 20
was
named after him.
22 Cravat.
24 Plant louse. 26 Food container.
r 27 Alleged force. L [US}I 28 Meadow. L-'®" 29 With great
ability fAingl -10 Inlet.
IP II 31 Distinctive
EAO ,hcorv-
-lUfRldl ^ First ,cttev of
a name.
36 Those who
is =*«¦ ihiimiiisimb : mmi« BsieiMflH i»j mm i nais ¦wisam MWis mb mi*
iâ=M lllBItillM ti 3< IN!
as bb u a* file s atiaigi mum a«sa m
lau^e
u
RADIO REPORTER
mi Miaa
ItiBH UBS
£| LITTLE

By DAVE ROBBINS
RED
RIDING
iaai
ROYAL VISIT IN RETROSPECT A year ago, all Canada was in a* holiday mood; from coast to coast there was an air of happy Excitement as towns, cities and country-aide welcomed Their Majesties King George and Queen Elizabeth to the Dominion. As pure pageantry, the Royal Tour provided a spectacle without parallel In our history; as a spontaneous display of esteem and affection, it impressed not Canadians alone, but the whole world.
Today, in a world at war, it seems as if an interval of years, rather than twelve short months, separates us from that memorable May of 1939. If the grim reality of the moment has to some extent dimmed our memories of happier days at peace, it is fortunate that through the medium of radio the atmosphere of the Royal Visit can be recaptured. rJ he Canadian Broadcasting Corporation is presenting a series of four feature broadcasts to commemorate the Royal Tour; the first, entitled "A Year Ago Today,' will be presented on Friday, at 8:30 p.m. It will be a sound story in retrospect of the first day of the Royal Tour — the arrival and activities at Quebec.
This series should ue of unusual interest to Canadians — and will emphasize how swiftly the world of today moves from phase to phase.
gument — bu* IVs good entertainment.
otdrfl HOOD

oOo
The silliest story of the week comes from Green Bay. Wisconsin, where the merchants have filled a big swimming pool with milk, and hired Marathon swimmers to trudge back and forth until they've churned it into butter. The whole affair to be broadcast from WTAQ Qvlck. Clarence, the net!
oOo
NÇWSY NOTES
Jottings Off the Cuff . . . J!. V. Hal ten born will pinch-hit for Walter Winchell when the Broadway oracle vacations this August . . . The Metropolitan Opera Company has quietly placed Deanna Durbin, the Winnipeg gal who made good in the flickers, under contract . . Fied Jteto. the gravel-throated bad man on the J.oue Ranger Series, has retired . . . ami Eddie Cantor will replace Pied Allen come the Pall.
property.
46	Preposition.
47	Region.
19 Grand-
Da rental.
51	3.1416.
52	Falsifier.
54 Speedily.
56 Toward sea. 58 He was the
English -----
who helped develop South Africa
61	Silk fibers.
62	Mineral spring.
63	Failing in duty.
VERTICAL
1	Court.
2	Mistake.
3	Mine shaft hut.
4	Day in Roman month.
5	Adherent of realism.
6	Death notice.
7	Duct.
8	Domestic slaves.
9	Street.
run away.
38 Ever 40 Ocean.
43	Average.
44	Above.
47	Weapons.
48	Egyptian , sacred bull.
49	Things done.
50	Convulsive tic 53 Bustle.
55 Venomous
snake.
57 Stcoi>ed morsel.
13 Acquaintances 59 Form, of ••ly*
15	Fortified hill. fiOIndi;
16	Extremity.
1 •
£>•
32 Isinglass.
31 Opposite of credit.
35 Lean-to.
37 To unite.
39	Wing.
40	Expression of amusement.
41	Insect's egg.
42	Type standard
44	Whirlwind.
45	Dower
Men Are Turning To Gayer Styles
• %
I Women's partiality to bright col-I ors ha s definitely influenced the I breadwinner's taste in spring suits I and accessories, a canvass of leading New York men’s shops showed last week.
While caul foiling the well-dressed male to shun the more bizarre oui i fits, the men's wear department lias come i p this spring with the wedge canvas shoe, the light green hat (againi and many other sartorial steal from the distaff side. And the sales are brisk.
BKIG1IT COLORS FAVORED
Once again. following ' spring's lead, women are proving successful in urging upon their Ims bands and friends the odd spring combinations for country and town wear alike.
" Smart and conservative is the grey flannel jacket worn with navy blue flannel trousers.
Another popular combination is the grey tono glen plaid jacket with tan gabardine trousers . . . the mog: popular suit for early spring wear is the slate blue unfinished worsted. particularly for the young busi ness man.

mu)
I
£
4
6
f i
rm
# av4
13
oOo
RADIO HIGHLIGHTS
Wednesday . . . Over tho .Top
Ben Bernie and the lads on Columbia at Eight . . . Crip, Radio Drama. CRC chain at ten . . . Phil Harris' Orchestra on Mutual Chain at 1:00 a.m. . . . Friday . . . Family Doctor on CROC at Eight ... A Year Ago Today. the Royal Visit in retrospect, on CBL at 8:30 . . . Grand Central Station from CBS at Ten . . . Wood house and Hawkins on CBC from Winnipeg at 11:30 . . . Saturday . . . the King's Plate at Wood-, bine, via CBL at 3:15 . . . Mozart Opera series from the Mutual chain at 9:30 . . . Lei's Go To the Music Hall at CBL at 10:30 . . . Make. Mine Music from CROC at 11:30.
Note: All times Eastern Daylight.

a
16
20
ib
A
23
i
22
with CBC al 7:45
/
28
30
?5
26
27
29
last
33
34
36
Kf

TO
59
37
40

144

4
4b
oOo
The universal appeal of the supernatural is the basis for one of
41
sa-

the most unusual programs on the air — “Who Knows?”, which Dr. Herr
e

3
6
D
-d Carrington presents on the Mutual network each Monday night at 10:15. It's a program that will give you much to think about — and no dull lit cause plenty r nr-
^55
FT
62
)3
POP - The Catch in It
By J. MILLAR WATT
NUX
Vi
I
WMERE DID YOU FIRST MEET VOUP WIFE ?
I DIONT MEET M9P -
- SNE OVERTOOK
M

I
ME

A
i
1
r
«
%

n
&

7i
PS
•>
y
FT
\

\
c
r

/

//
X
i
m
X .
w /
(V
2 2
###PAGE###3###

Focal Points of Danger in Southeastern Europe

r

SS'"-
What Science; Is Doing |
How Can I?


L
>
f
¦ AUliS {% ITALIAN
II
GERMANY

USSR
BY ANNE ASHLEY
i
k
?
î
L

RUMANIA
O. How oan I make a good cleaning compound for washing painted
walls?
A. Dissolve one ounce of soap flakes In 16 ounces (one pint) of water, and add about three ounces of turpehtlne. Stir the mixture rapidly, and apply with a brush or a sponge.
Q. How can I prepare potatoes for boiling so that the skins will come off easily?
A. When preparing the potatoes for boiling, instead of peeling the whole potato, Just peel a narrow •trip entirely around the middle of each potato, lengthwise. When it Is cooked, the skin will slip off eas-
/

4
A

f$3L +
O.
VITAMIN E AIDS DEAF
It has recently been discovered that deafness and roaring noises in the ears may be corrected by eating large amounts of Vitamin E, the fertility vitamin.
%

Y



&

y f IULGARI
y

W-
<
. •
L V
mm
«v»;
5

that'
DANUL£S\
wx

DEFIES GRAVITY LAW
A large metal cylinder which spins with stellar velocity In vacuum chamber without visible means of support Is being used at the University of Virginia In the study of new chemicals and the preparation of vaccines to fight disease.
w

r? ;


TURKEY

r



ICI
a

tA


1
c
V
to
%

&9

'Z
p
WÊfam*
:wT
¦ x
fy^TMPOL
TA&UIC,
AltXAHDRIA
E Cuhp
w*
uy.
B

GERMS VS. GERMS
Germs which feed on other germs and destroy them are described by two scientists of the New Jersey Agricultural Experiment Station.
Bacteria which commonly are found in the soil are natural antagonists of germs causing several human diseases, they say, and exert a natural'preventive effect against the spread of epidemics.
Q. How can 1 bleach a faded wash dress entirely white?
A. Dissolve a half cup of cream of tartar In two gallons of water, and boll the dress.
Q. How can I relieve tired feet?
A. Add a tablespoonful of baking eoda to a pint of common bran and put Into a basin, dampening with sufficient warm water to form a thin paste. Put the feet Into this for ten or fifteen minutes. It affords great relief and will not blister.
Q. How can I remove a fresh grease spot from a rug?
A. Cover the spot with blotting paper and press with a hot iron. Then cover the spot with magnesia, let remain for twenty-four hours and brush off.
L 1
I

i
Extension of the war to the Mediterranean last week, appeared more imminent as Allied and Italian naval forces gathered at strategic points prepared for instant action. The above map shows the danger points in Europe’s uneasy southeast corner. Turkish troops were reported to be massing on the Greek and Bulgarian frontiers (1) while Nazi forces were reported marching near Yugoslavia and Hungary (2), and shipping tanks into Slovakia. Italian troops were also on the move (H) and had their fleet stationed off the Dodecanese Islands (4), Russian troops were reported near Hungary (5). Allied fleets had taken up stations in the Aegean (6). Hungary was busy rounding up spies (7).
I he PERFECT Chewing Tobacco
Waterpower development in
Canada has increased from 173,000 horse-power in 1000 to more than 8,100,000 horse-power in 1939; the latter figure representing an estimated capital investment of $1,040,000,000 in development, transmission and distribution.
OPPORTUNITY
r
«10. PARTICIPATES in author. Iced syndicate for *rrub-atttkln*r proapertor; exceptional allowing; being: readily nuhncrlhedt no walewmcni no commlw«ilon«t no liability.
For particulars write* Watklna, New tonlirook, Ontario
ê
v y
ARTIFICIAL ECLIPSE
Plans îo erect the world’s highest astronomical observatory to house r new Instrument for creating artificial solar eclipses and possibly forecasting electrical disturbances like the one which crippled the world's communication services on Easter Sunday were announced last week by Harvard University.
Called a "Coronagraph” it will allow scientists at any time to study solar prominences and the halo-like < "corona” which have neen observ-F iller - Able hitherto only during total eclipses of the sun.

Wiggins had been doing elegantly. All were present now but the guest of honor. He should arrive almost any time.
All eyes focused on Wiggins as he paused to announce the guest of honor. A hush fell over the big reception room. This was the great moment of Mrs. Can Ritzer’s most formal affair.
Wiggins cleared bis throat and called in a firm voice:
"Mister Yeagley, the Brush Man.”
<
S
• HAVE • YOU HEARD?
z
<
z
>
V*
A METAL Roof is FIREPROOF!
4
V
Metal has never yet started à fire! Protect your valuable stock and crops with PEDLAR1B — made in the famous "Council Sun dard" Brand.
"Good for a Lifetime — Sold with a 25 Yeoi Guarantor"
PEDLAR IB is stormproof and fireproof. Send dimensions of your building for our Free estirr to of complete roofing job, including trimmings.
THE PEDLAR PEOPLE LIMITED
Established 1861
Heod Office - Oshawo, Ont.
Montreal.Ottawa.Toronto.Winnipeg.Cilgary.Vancouver^B
¦fc-1.
p
It was with considerable concern that the fishing club noticed that Smith, their champion teller of the best fishing stories, seemed to have forgotten his old habit after bis marriage.
At their annual dinner they confidently expected to hear once more the story of his three-foot trout, hut never a word came from Smith.
The chairman decided to get to the bottom of the mystery./‘Smith, old boy," he said, "tell us about the trout."
Smith shook his bead. "I’ve given up telling fishing stories," he said.
"Whatever for?"
"It's like this," said Smith, with an air of gloom. "Every time I started to tell one at home my wife gave me some wool to hold."
i
HEALTH
TOPICS
i
a
so
§ É

n


Nil1
llllL-^
»
I
« < 4
"You
know what it is to be old and bent."
Grandson: "No, but I know what It Is to be young and broke."
Grandfather:
don’t
Retail sales of new motor vehicles in Canada during 1939 amounted to 114,474 units valued at $125,967,521.

PEDimi •
A PEDLAR ROOFING

Thousands of Lives Saved by Education
Canada gains thousands of new citizens each year through a public health campaign. Children live now who would have died In their first year of life had they been born a few years ago, vital statistics Just published reveal.
Some idea of the strength of the lost generations" of former years Is gained from a study of pensions and national health department efa^ lieflce. In 1926, out of every 1,000 Canadian children, 101 died In their first year of life. The latest figures available show that in 1938 the rate had been cut to 63 deaths for every 1,000 births.
HEALTH EDUCATION
"Interpreted In round figures," eald Dr. Ernest Couture, the de-ent’a director of maternal and child hygiene, "the foregoing rates signify that In 1938 we lost 10,916 babies, including those stillborn. Aa to the reduction from 101 to 69 in the mortality rate, it also •howe that each year we have saved 13,000 lives."
Improved public health facilities and public education to the need of proper medical care and sound hygiene are partly reeponsible for the vast improvement, the department believe#. Prenatal care of the mother, proper attention at birth, and protection from disease after birth bare played Important role# in saving thousands of very young Canadians.
COUNCIL STANDARD

.. CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS..
What Makes Up The Human Body
AGENT» WANTED
PERSONAL
CHEAP CHICKS
CHEAP CHICKS ARE NOT Airways profitable, buy quality chicks at no higher price and be assured <rf profits from our blood-tested, government approved White Leghorns. Elmview Poultry Farm, Norham, Ontario.
jULT TU13AOU. SNUFF. EASILY.
Home
LIGHTNING ROD AGENT WANTed to sell Phillips Lightnln tectlve System. B. Phillips any Limited. 32 Osborne Avenue. Toronto.

inexpensively.
Testimonials. Guaranteed. AJvtce free. Bartlett's Box 1. Winn I peg.
remedy.
Pro-

omp-
Here is the chemical composition of the human body by percentages: Oxygen, 65%; Carbon 18%; Hydrogen 10%; Nitrogen 8%; Calcium 1.5%; Phosphorus 1%; Potassium 0.35%; Sulphur 0.26%; Sodium 0.15%; Chlorine 0.16%; Magnesium 0.05%; Iron 0.004%; Maganese 0.0003%; Iodine 0.00004%.
PHOTOGRAPHY
Fair Young Mise — "Officer, these men are trying to flirt with me. Make the little one etop.

TOWN AND RURAL REPRESENT-stives wanted. Increase your earnings by handling one of the finest lines of oils, greases, tires, batteries, spark plugs, Insecticides, electric fence controllers, house paints and roof coating materials. Write Warco Grease & OH Limited. Toronto.
MAY special: trial roll or
eight reprints, 15c, with advertisement. London Photo Service, Box 651, London, Ontario.
LARGE TYPE S. C. WHITE LEGhorns. LE.S. Barred Rocks Rock x Leghorn Hybrids. Heavy Breed cockerels, Barred Rocks $6.50 per 100, Rock x Leghorn Hybrids $3.60 per 100. Send for catalogue and prices. Lakeview Poultry Farm, Wein Bros., Exeter, Ontario.
QUILT PATCHES
The honeymoon wae on the wane, and he thought It wae time to get down to earth. Am they faced eeoh other acrosfl the supportable, he ¦aid:
"Darling, this steak tea tee Just like burnt leather. ’
"Sweetheart." she murmured In a soft voice, "what strange things you’ve eaten in your life!"
QUILTING PATCHES 5 LBS. $1.10. postpaid. Washfast cotton print and broadcloth, 3 x 6 up. Textile Jobbers. 20 Maud Street, Toronto.
EARLY JUNE BRAY CHICKS should be ordered now. Immediate shipment New Hampshires, Leghorns. Barred Rocks, L8. x N. H., Black Mlnorcas. Real bargains started cockerels. Capons. Turkeys. Bray’s will Pay. Bray Hatchery, 130 John North, Hamilton, Ontario.
AGENTS — EXCLUSIVE TERRItory — selling Hand Cleaner, Floor Wax. Automobile Polishes. Fly Spray — Big Profits, Waverly Company. Toronto.
NEED OATS
in
FOUR THOUSAND BUSHELS OF Early Seed Oats, O.A.C. No. 3 Variety, 4th prize Winter Seed Show. Toronto. First prize Provincial Seed Exhibition. Chatham. First prize Lambton County Seed Show. Alvlnston. 75c. Robert MacDonald, Brlgden, Ontario.
CREAM
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS
WANTED
HANGER LIMB CO.. 124 WELLINGton Street West. Toronto. Improved Limbs without shoulder straps. Free catalogue.
GOATS FOR SALE
We are paying a real high price fer cream FO B , Toronto. Write for particulars
Friend: "How's business?" Scissors Grinder: “Flnel I've never seen things eo dull!"
END MILK BILLS — BUY TWO flaanen goats. Milkers, fresh fifteen up: yearlings fifteen, kids five, arrange appointment. E. G. McKean. Box 89, Thornhill, Ont.
1,600 BUSHELS ERBAN VARIETY, 2nd prize Provincial Seed Exhibition, Chatham; 2nd prize, Lambton County Seed Show, Alvlnston. Grade 1. All seed prepared with Government approved cleaner and Carter Disc Grader, 86c. MacDonald, Brigden, Ontario.________
BAKERY EQUIPMENT
and came
BAKERS' OVENS AND MACHINery, also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terme arranged. Correspondence invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co.. 103 Bathurst St.. Toronto.
Although It was Wiggins* first reception his buttling wss perfect.
"Stand erect end announce the name of every person who comes to the door during the sfternoon." Mrs. Van Ritzer had instructed him.
The Toronto Creamery The United Farmers Co-operative Co. Ltd.
Duke and George Streets
TORONTO,
BICYCLES, MOTORCYCLES
Robert
FREE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE New rebuilt Bicycles $10 up. Used Motorcycles. Duke’s. 625A Queen W.. Toronto.
SPRINGER SPANIELS
SPRINGER SPANIEL DOGS AND Puppies; registered, guaranteed the finest breeding. I can supply the best. W. L Beaton, North Augusta. Ontario.
BABY CHICKS
Ontario.
ELECTRIC MOTORS
HERE'S WHY I THINK YOU should buy Baden chicks this year. They are all high quality Government Approved chicks from bloodtested breeders and the prices are reasonable. Standard Quality White Leghorns $8.95, Barred Rocks, New Hamps $9.45. White Rocks. White Wyandotte#, Hybrids Barred Rocks x New Hamps, New Hamps x Barred Rocks. White Leghorns x Barred Rocks $10.45. Big Egg Quality slightly higher. Day old cockerels, pullets, started chicks, capons, lower prices after May 22nd. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited. Baden, Ontario.
ELECTRIC MOTORS OF EVERY description, also V Belts and Pulleys. Jones & Moore Electric, 296 Adelaide West, Toronto. _______________
<
STAMMERING


».
CORRECTED — guaranteed if Instructions followed. New scientific method. Twenty years' experience. References. H. W. Hogue. 220 McDermot Winnipeg. ______________________________
PERMANENTLY

Canadian National . Railway» Revenue»
EXTERMINATOR
s

"DERPO" BUG KILLER. 85c, exterminates bedbugs, moths, cockroaches, crickets, fleas, lice, ticks.
"DERAT" Rat and Mouse Killer 60c. harmless to humans, animals, fowl.
At Eatons. Simpsons, Tamhlyns, local dealers, or Derpo Products. Toronto.
3

4

The gross revenue» of the ell-inclusive Canadian National Railways System for the 9-day period ending April 30, 1940,
were .............
as compared with for the corresponding period of 1939, an increase of
TURKEY EGGS

%
PUREBRED BRONZE TURKEY Eggs, free booklet raising: 1.1 — 12.75. Wm. Campbell, Corn-vnü. Ontario. Route 1.
*
\

$6,620,860
4,207,472
FURNITURE FOR SALK
BARRED ROCK STARTED COCKerels bargains while they last, two week old $7.95, three week old $9.96, three to four week old $10.95. four to five week old $11.95, five to six week old $12.96. Capons specials five week old Barre* Rocks 25c, leghorns 20c, Rhode Island Reds 25c. Five week old New Hamps mixed 25c. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited, Baden, Ontario.
'Harp,
I
//// ,
FURNITURE BARGAINS.
FREE
catalogue of new and used furniture bargains sent on request All goods sold on money-back guarantee. Wholesale Furniture. 466 Bathurst Street. Toronto. __
• • ••
LYONS’

WHU
RECONDITIONED FURNITURE
(
..$1,413,878 or 33.6%
BARGAINS!
i

r
$49. Beautiful living room outfit. Large 3 piece Chesterfield Suite, upholstered In brown mohair with figured reversible Marshall spring cushions, bridge lamp and silk shade, walnut end table, silk cushions table lamp and silk shade, and modern smoker, a real outstanding value.
$24. Solid oak Dining Room Suite, large buffet, extension table and 6 leather upholstered chairs, completely refinished.
$69. Modern solid oak dining room suite, large buffet, extension table china cabinet and 6 leather upholstered chairs, completely refinIshed.	. .
$89. Beautiful solid walnut dining room suite, completely reflnlshed, large buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather seat chairs.
$29. Chesterfield Suite. 3 pieces, upholstered in repp material, rust shade, reversible Marshall spring cushions, perfect condition.
$49. Kroehler Chesterfield Bed Suite 3 pieces, upholstered in brown mohair figured reversible spring cushions, thoroughly reconditioned. Complete with new mattress.
$59. Modern Bed Room Suite, floor sample. In the new bleached walnut finish with round Venetian mirrors, dresser or vanity, chiffonier. full size bed, sagless spring ana new mattress.
$29. Smart Breakfast Suite In walnut finish, buffet with cabinet top, extension Jack-knife leaf table, and 4 chairs. Like new.
$12.95 Hoosier Kitchen Cabinet, sliding porcelain top.
Large assortment of dressers, beds.
stoves, odd chairs, chesterfields at
ridiculously low prices to clear.
*
iXjtW
HORSES FOR SALE
Copper exports from Canada during the first two months of 1940 . amounted to 87,926,000 pounds compared with 74,957,800 pounds in the corresponding period of 1939.
Uu
FOR SALE, REGISTERED CLYDE8-dales, matched team black maree In foal, match bay team fillies, rising three and four. Two roan stallions, rising two. Peter Hattie, Route 1, Mount Forest, Ontario.
W/
SUSUR!
DON'T RISK QUALITY TOP NOTCH offers you high quality chicks from carefully culled bloodtested breeders at rock bottom prices. Standard Quality White Leghorns $8.60. 90 per cent. Pullets $16.96, Barred Rocks $8.95, Pullets $14.76, New Hamps $8.95 Pullets $15.75. White Rocks Hybrids Rock» x New Hamps. New Hamps X Barred Rocks $9.95, Pullets $16.76. Large Egg Quality and Bigger Profit Quality slightly er. Cockerels, started chick at these specials on Barred Rock cockerels while they last, two week old $8.90, three week old 11.90. 4 to 6 week old $12.90, 6 to week old $13.90. Top Notch Chlckerles, Guelph, Ontario.

y



MEN WANTED
I

I*
i
A GOOD BUSINESS PAYING GOOD income and with future possibilities. Selling Famflex Products men and women all over Canada have found the secret of success. Why don't you get in on it too? NO OBLIGATION. Ask for FREE catalogue describing 200 necessity products and plan. FAMILBX Products. 670 St. Clement St MONTREAL
Barred

Drive out ACHES
L Wofc
hlgh-s look
/

y
u

Just when you would expect tire prices to go up, along comes Firestone and reduces prices three popular lines of tires to the point where it would be absurd to look any further for tire bargains- Now everybody can afford F^/estone quality. When you need tires some in to end see the genuine bargains we can offer you.
• •
/

:
V
»
NURSERY STOCK
s
STRAWBERRY PLANTS. PREMIER 15.00 thousand. Burrlll,
Mary, Parson's Beauty $4.00 per thousand. Darwin Crtpps, No. I. Acton.
<>
-1*
IT 18 DANGEROUS
chicks on price alone, on the oth-. er hand It Is wasting your hard-earned money if you pay too much for high Quality chicks, you buy any chicks send for our fre*- catalogue and price list. Compare our prices. Double QüMlty Leghorns and New Hampshire# $9.70, Barred Rocks $10.20. li pure bred#, 6 Hybrids to choose from, capons, started chicks and turkey poults. Free catalogue. Twed(U$ Çhlck Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
TO BUY
Glen
<

s
'0*
Before
X.
BIGGEST $1.00 GARDEN! 20 DIFferent Perennial Plants (Delphinium. Pyrethrum, Sweetrockst, etc.) Barberry. Nlnebark. Japonlca Shrubs; Evergreen: Weeping Willow: 260 Seeds: Gayfeather Bulbs. Prepaid. Two orders $1.80. Dollar Nurseries. Fonthlll. Ontario.

ft»
AA
%
>
1
IM» HIM

Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
r
fat
%
BABY CRICKS ARE CHEAPER IF
m w Km
the A-large grade, puts EXTRA MONEY In your pocket. Trent Chicks are bred to do this for . and fill the basket too. Our 14th season, producing 7,000 chick* weekly In ONE GOOD GRADE. You get our BEST Barred Rock*, White I-eghorns, New Hampshire*. Hybrid*. For better results become a "Trent f'hlck Customer." Writ» to Trent Electric Hatchery, Box 839W., Trenton, Ontario.
38 to 52 years old. Women who are restless, moody, NERVOUS—who
fear hot flashes, dizzy spella-to taka Lydia S. Plnkham'a Vegetable Compound. Ptnkham's la famous for helping women during these "trying IVnte" due to functional lrregularl-fiee. Get • bottle today from your druaglet! WORTH TBTPfQl
Used
New
LYONS FURNITURE CO. 478 Yonge St — Toronto
SPECIALIZING IN REIIITII.T MOTORS, POWER. UNIT 9. Hydraulic Helele. Wise has. Ge ere. Magnetos. Carburetor# Radiators — Exchange Service, Ol Satisfaction er refend, levy Ante Perl# Toronto.
you
rntore. Stnrt-
Whenever you need new lire» firat go to your
nearest Firestone Dealer. He has a tire in every price class to suit every purse . . a tire that will serve you better and save you money.
Retail sales of gasoline in Canada during 1939 amounted to 807,686,000 gallon» compared with 762,740,000 «gallons in 1988
ISSUE NO. 20—’40
###PAGE###4###
m •>



iZiZlZl/'XI/lXlZlZIZiZ
pointed & Councillor for Scat No. 5.—
Councillor Eraser then left the Board.
James Cleary appeared regarding water on property and Eugene Martineau appeared regarding a culvert on the 5th Concession. The Council decided to notify James Kilroy about these matters.
On motion of Crs Young* Muldoon, the following bills were ordered paid
THE EQUITY
Horigins Garage
SHAWV1LLE. MAY 23,1940
SEED CORN
Bristol Counol.
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
. Sales
May 6, 1940
Regular session of the municipal council held on above date, present,
Mayor McLellan and Councillors Duff,
Beattie, Fitzsimmons and McNeill.
The minutes of last regular meeting read and on motion of Beattie and McNeill, were adopted.
Councillor Orr took his seat at the
Board.	'
Chas. Russell appeared at the Board
and requested that Council lease him Thomas 14	......
part of Craig Street, at Bristol Village ; Wm D	119$ hrs. at 30c
Motion by Henderson and Beattie, that lt t< road ,|8t..............
this Council lease part of Craig Street Fied Fraser, 1131 brs. at 1.75
opposite Lots 40, 41 and 42, to Mr. mith truck ....................
Bussell for one dollar per year with a	Young! list . . ......
clause m tlus resolution that Mr. nus p ^ CTfara, 2 lists .........
sell vacate this part of street at any time Kennedy Me Bane, Repairs to
this Council requests it—Carried.	grader	...........
Ebert Beattie appeared at the Board re Ambroge Kennedy,' Steele for the bridge and hills on the deviated portion of the 9th Concession opposite Lot 9 ; Motion by Fitzsimmons-Orr,
# that the labour of building this bridge ahd cutting down the hills be auctioned May 27th, by Wm. H. Beattie, who will also draw up plans of same.—
Carried.
Motion by Duff-Henderson, that the Sec.-Treas. draw up a process verbal of this deviated portion of road.
Motion by McNeill Orr, that this Council pay their note for S3,000 to the Bank of Montreal—Carried.
Motion by Henderson-Beattie, that this Council borrow $2,600 from the Bank of Montreal to meet our bills for this year.—Carried.
Motion by Fiizsimmons-Henderson, that a new No, 3 Road Ross Grader be purchased.—Carried.
Motion by Orr Beattie,
Mayor and Secretary-Treasurer, be appointed to interview the Gatineau Power Company and if necessary the Provincial Electricity Board re rates for street lights at Norway Bay —Carried.
Motion by Fitzsimmons Orr, that Thos. Telford be appointed road foreman of division No. 31.
A statement was read from Thos.
Gallagher giving a price for moving a portion of road at the top of his hill, also fencing and gravelling same, with price of land by July 1st, 1940—Carried. _
Motion by Henderson-Duff, that a letter of appreciation be tent to Mr. E.
Lawn, M L.A. for his services re. grant McKee-Weirstead Road.—Carried.
A number of ratepayers from Maryland district appeared and requested a grant to gravel the road from the highway to Maryland station. Motion by Fitzsimmons Orr, that a grant of $30.00 be given to this load division to be spent hauling gravel with trucks.—
Carried.
Motion by McNeill Duff, that mootin No. 7 passed on Sept. 5th, 1939 be recinded and that in future this Council pay 10 cents per yard for gravel and 5 cents per yard for sand and fill, this is to take effect as from January 1st, 1940, and that the pit owners keep their pits in shape.—Carried.
Motion by Beattie Henderson, that the Sec-Treas. advertize for tenders for a constable for Norway Bay, duties to
June 29th, 1940, and end
We have recently unloaded a car of Rennies Choice No. 1 Seed Corn, containing the
following varieties :
VIZ
W. J. Fleming, board of Council $ 10 00
83 80
89 85
S. Martineau, road list......
J. Biehler, 2 lists..........
Bristol-Onslow Town Line (H
Bronson) ...............
Arthur Wiggins, list........
F. H. Cornu, list... .
were
50 45 12 75 77 38
44 snow plowing 21 40
22 60 35 85 29 20
Golden Glow Early Bailey White Cap
Compton’s Early
Improved Learning, Pride of Nishna, Wisconsin No. 7, Canadian Sweepstakes, Long Fellow.
A Choice Lot to Choose From
Change your old model and get a better one
198 63 57 05 114 80
1 00
1930—Pontiac Sedan 1929—Chevrolet Sedan 1937—Chevrolet Sedan 1937—Chevrolet Coach no Trunk
1937—	Chevrolet Coach with Trunk
1938—	Chevrolet Coach with Trunk, four of them 1938—Chevrolet Sedan, two of them
1934—Chevrolet 1£ ton truck with stake body 1936—Maple Leaf 2£ ton truck with stake body
Prices Range From
50
snow-plow
Robt. Gordon, repairs Snow Plow and Wing
Motion by Os Young-Muldoon. that each Road Master be notified that all paid for winter work be retained fto each ratepayers labor for summer work.—Carried.
Motion by Crs. Muldoon-Westbrook, that this Council purchase 7,000 feet Tamarac from J. M. Argue at $25.00 ner M.—Carried.
Harry Tomlinson appeared regarding portion of road and the Council decided to notify Allan Meredith about this complaint.—Carried.
A letter from Leonard Newton re. a No action taken by Council.
Motion by Crs Mu Moon-Young, that Special Superintendent, Harvey Steele, inspect water courses at Thomas Dalys, Henry Mulligans and St urges Cochranes —Carried.
By-Law No. 33 imposing a dog tax on all dogs, male and female, in this Municipality, was read and adopted on motion of Crs. Muldoon-Young-Carried.
Motion by Crs. Muldoon-Westbrook, that Ch as. Jay be appointed appraiser of sheep killed by dogs in this Municipality.—Carried.-
Motion by Crs. Westbrook Young, that 4^ mills of our 7 mill levy be applied as road tax for 1940.—Carried.
On motion of Cr. Muldoon the meeting then adjourned.
26 75 366 00
$1.30 to $1.65
Per Bushel
on
monies
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REG'D.
a

road

i/i/i/i/i/i/i/i/t/i/

The Hodgins Lumber Go.
that the
J. L. HODGINS


%
Phone 64 J.

a
zlvizjziyizizixiy i/l/l/
It
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
B
b


ESTABLISHED 1883
B
COACH
INVALID
B
Jos. A. Steele Sec. Treas
8
B
B
B
B
on
GEORGE HYNES & SON
§
g
B
1
Shawville Council
B
| Phone 27
Directors of Funeral Service
B
May 6, 1940
The regular meeting of the Municipal Council was held at Hynes HaU on the above d ite Present
B
g
B
B
1 THE HODGINS LUMBER COMPANY §
Shawville, Que.
Phone 8D
g
i
Mayor G. G. McDowell in the chair and Councillors A O. Eades, J. E. Coîie, J. J. Caldwell and Hiram Strutt.
The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved on motion of Crs. Cotie and Caldwell.
The following bills were presented to the Council for approval :
Gatineau Power Company
44	44	U
Quebec
Shawville,
L
zi/izizizizi/i/izi/izi/izizi/tzy
OBGBBBnB
ZI/l/IZZ
ZIZIZI
Growing Field Beans For Military Rations
The Alluvial well drained, sandy, gravelly and clay loams soil areas in the vicinity of Lake Erie and Lake Huron, have long been recognized as ideal bean land ; but in war time the bean crop takes on a new significance, and an extension of acreage to new districts is a natural if not a wise development.
Beans are not the “poor soil” crop that the old saying : “This land is too poor to grow even beans”, might lead many to believe. They are, in fact, a crop that requires a carefully prepared, well fertilized seed bed. Also, the o\ er.itions of seeding and cultivating require a high degree of skill on the part of the farmer, remarks G. R. Snyder, soil chemist.
Early plowing and thorough fitting of the seed bed, to ensure comparative freedom from weeds, greatly lessens the cost of after cultivation and provides for a suitable soil moisture supply. Shallow seeding, so that the young plants will come up quickly and uniformly, is very desirable, but the seed must be covered. Thus a fairly finely worked seed bed is necessary.
Bean diseases, blight, ant brae nose, mosait and root ror, carried on the seed, may greatly reduce the yield and cause a high “pick” of the harvested crop due to the large number of darkened and malformed beans. Thus, good seed, carefully treated with organic mercury dust disinfectant, is of first importance.
Fertilizers high in phosphate, 2-12-6 or 2 16 6 provide for strong root growth, well tilled seed pods, and the early and uniform maturing of the crop. Care is necessary, however, in the application, for bean seeds, like corn and peas, are easily injured by direct contact with fertilizer. Unless special equipment is available, the safest policy is to sow the fertilizer ah‘-ad of the bean planting For quick operating, two drills may be used, one going ahead sowing the fertilizer, and the other following in the same tracks, sowing the beans.
War Saving» Committee
Plans for the sale of War Savings Certificates and the widespread acceptance of individual thrift programs as a
war effort are now being organized. Hon. J. L. Ralston, Minister of Finance, has announced the appointment of W. H. Somerville, of Waterloo, Ont., and de Gaspe Beaubien, of Montreal, as national chairmen of the National War
Savings Committee.
Nepaleon Charest, of Montreal, has been appointed Quebec chairman of the Wat Savings Committee. Provincial committees, to be announced in the near future, will be representative of agriculture, labour, industry, finance, education and the professions. ?
War Savings Certificates, to be sold
in multiples of 15.00 are designed to give everyone, including school children, opportunity to share in the war effort m Canada’s tight for freedom. In addition to making a very effective contribution to the mobilization of Canadian resources, War Savings Certificates provide an opportunity by which every anadian, old and young, may build up a reserve of purchasing power.
The
$62 83 44 35 73 65
FORD V-8
Labour (streets) ..
Mrs. R. Howard ...
Mrs. L E. Thomson Harold Beckett
Moved by Cr. Eades seconded by Or. Strutt, that the foregoing bills be paid, —Carried unanimously.
Motion by Crs. Caldwell Cotie, and carried unamiously that this Council endorse the resolutions of the Fort Cou longe Board of Trade dated the 1st of May, 1940, re completion of surfacing of Highway No. 8, Aylmer to Chapeau, during the summer of 1940.
Motion by Crs. A. O. Eades Strutt, to adjourn until the 20th of May, 1940, at 8 00 p m.—Carried.
commence on September 3rd, 1940—Carried.
Motion by Duff McNeill, that Geo. Henderson be given the garbage collection at Norway Bay for this season at the same salary.—Carried.
Motion by Beat tie-Duff, that the following bills be approved and paid :—
It. J. Lucas, cedars .........$70 89
A. Chabot, labor on road......	2 00
W. MeQuaig, services rendered E. Pirie, balance on 110 yds of
gravel........... ......
Gatineau Power Co., lights for
Bristol two months .....
J N McLellan, expenses to Hull 3 trips to Bristol, 1 trip to
Quyon ................ •
Hiram Beattie, donation for
re warble fly
5 00
5 00
20 00
r-
26 50

5 50
i


24 00
f
I
The lower-priced Ford V 8, with a character of its own, is definitely modern in every detail of design evident in the deep hood, the low grille, the long, smooth lines and the accent upon size and roominess.
5 00
H ARLAN D C. ROW AT
Sec.-Treas
an
This is
expenses
treatment 2 years ......
John Duff, donation for expenses re warble fly treatment
5 00
Are Dreams Real?
5 00
2 year .............. •
Robt. Fitzsimmons, donation for expenses re warble fly treatment 2 years ......
Milton Henderson, donation for expenses re warble fly
treatment 2 years ......
Thos McNeill, donation for expenses re warble fly treatment 2 years . ............
Thos. A. Orr, donation^for expenses re warble fly treatment 2 years ...............
Labor on Bristol-South Onslow
Townline................ 14 38
Also that a bill from Dr. R. M. Hudson be held over.
On motion of Cr. Henderson the
meeting adjourned.
Like the De Luxe Ford, it has advanced in value
When you dream that a big, baa man is chasing you, do you really see the man? Some scientists say that you do, holding that visual images can originate in the brain, says the Better Vision institute. In hours of wakefulness people normally see by light waves falling upon the eye, which telegraphs to the brain through the optic nerve that it is being bombarded by light waves. Upon receipt of such a message the brain creates an appropriate visual In dreams there is no mes-that light waves are falling
(
all along the line, with a great number of important features. It has the same extra inches of leg room, Finger-Tip Gearshift, Controlled Ventilation, Sealed-Beam Head-lamps, and the same quiet, easy-shifting transmission. The improved shock absorbers, and the flexible springs and new torsion bar ride-stabilizer,
Its big hydraulic
5 00
new
Sheriff Sales
5 00
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given that the undermentioned LANDS and TENEMENTS have been seized, and will be sold at the respective times and places mentioned below.
5 00
more
give it an outstandingly level ride brakes give straight, quick stops.
5 00
Canada
Province of Quebec District of Pontiac No. 3827
Superior Court—Pontiac
Dame T H Smiley, widow of the late T. H. Smiley, merchant and trader of the township of Waltham, said district, plaintiff ; va. Frank Gilbeau, of Kapuskasing, in the Province of Ontario, farmer and labourer, defendant.
The south part of lot 22, range, Waltham, bounded as follows : on the north by the Aylmer-Chspeau Provincial highway ; on the east by lot 21 ; on the south by the Ottawa river, and on
the west by lot 23.
To be sold at the Registrar s Office in the village of Campbell’s Bay, said district, on the EIGHTEENTH day of JUNE, 1940, at TEN of the clock in
the forenoon
image
sage	_
upon the eye, but the brain creates
picture from memory of past events. Thus the people and things in dreams would be real, although faint visual pictures in the brain.
The 85 horse power Ford V-8 engine gives un* usual operating economy, with outstanding perfor-
Many owners report 22 to 27 miles per gallon
a
mance of gasoline.
Whether you choose the Ford V-8 or the De Luxe Ford V-8, you know that the matchless experience and manufacturing facilities of the Ford Motor Company assure you of the best possible value for the money you
H. I Smith
Sec.-Treas
Blind Spot Discovery
A French clergyman, Marriotte iiscovered the blind spot in the hu
Pursuing studies in anat
South Onslow Council
May 6th, 1940
A regular meeting of the Municipal Council held on above date at the usual place of meeting. Members present A. Kennedy, mayor, and Councillors Westbrook, Fraser, Young, Muldoon.
On motion of Crs. Fraser-Westbrook, the minutes of last regular and special meetings were adopted as read—Carried
James Thomas tendered bis resignation as Road Master and on motion of Crs Muldoon-Westbrook, Garvin Steele was appointed in his stead—Carried.
A petition was presented regarding the appointing of a Councillor fur Seat No. 6, and motion of Crs. Muldoon and Westbrook, Fred Hutchison was ap
For Sale
man eye
>my in the Seventeenth century, he lisected animal eyes and, noting the spot where the optic nerve enters it the back of the eye, thought that should be sharpest at that Experiments disclosed that he opposite was true, and that there s no sight at that spot on the eye's etina. Marriotte was invited by Charles II of France to demonstrate .is remarkable discovery. He placed wo courtiers of the same stature >efore the king. Charles looked at he left-hand man with the right ye and because of the eye's blind pot. saw the right-hind man with lut a head.
1—DeFry Movie Camera 16 M M.
1—De Fry Movie 200 Watt Projector 16 MM
1—De Laval 1 h bp. Gas Engine.
I—Set Matched Golf Clubs, 3 woods and 6 irons, also a few other clubs. 1 — 10 gallon Spray with Force Pump I 1—22 Winchester Automatic 4 1—22 long Enitield 6 shot rifle
Al>p1y to
G. H. BOULTON,
Bristol, Que
invest
zision
>oint.
Horses and cattle taken in part payment
G. A. Howard & Son
DOMINIC SLOAN
Quebec
Shawville
Sheriff
Sheriff's Office,
Campbell’s Bay, Que., May i4tb, 1940 [First publication, Dec. 18, 1940]
Phone, Shawville 4-9
###PAGE###5###

Announcement did not pass unnoticed, but he was not
immediately "disciplined' by the Methodist authorities. And, on the advice of the Reverend Edwin Gould, Montreal, he took a correspondence Sunday, May 20	course in Theology with Professor
11.00	a.m.—At Shawville service of Frost of the New Church Theological prayer and intercession "in the face School, Cambridge, Mass. "Thus it
of great peril caused by the German came to pass," he writes, "that while
thrust”. Sermon Subject :	"A	preaching from a Methodist pulpit, I
Civilization Under Attack”. . was at the same time, a student of a
1.30	p.m.—Communion Service at Zion New Church Theological School, and
3.00	p m.—Communion Service at this, with the entire sanction of those
Stark’s Corners.	in authority over mo !”
7.30	p.m.—Service at Shawville, with This continued for a year. He re-
fourth in a series of young people’s signed the Methodist ministry in June, messages, "A Bride’s Wooing”	1895, and attended the Theological
School in Cambridge» In 1897, he Wai baptized into the faith of the New Church and ordained, his first charga being at Providence, R. I In 1901, he became pastor at Abington, Mass., and while there a copy of New Church Life sent him by the Rev. W. L. Gladtsh was the means of leading him to a belief in the Academy views, he joined the General Church, continuing pastor in Abington until 1915, when he accepted a call to Arbutus, Md. Here he remained for nineteen years, but visited the circles in Abington and iu ; Meriden, Conn, during the summer
months.
At the funeral service Bryn Athyn Cathedral, Rev. Elmo Action spoke of Mr. Harris as one who had given his life to the service of his fellow men.
"He followed the truth as he saw it, wherever it led. willingly giving up much of the comforts of the world, that he might perform a genuine use to his fellow men. His use was a high one, that of keeping alive with men the knowledge of spiritual life, and thereby
He preached fearlessly what he saw to be true, never compromising with principle, but being cfy to abide the consequences. This led him out of the Methodist Church into the General Church, of which he had been a faithful and loyal priest. We think of him therefore as a lover of truth.
an honest searcher for truth, remarkable to find in one so old a mind that was ever searching for more light. It would be an inspiration to us all to try to acquire a like love of Truth, the willingness to lay down our lives for it. Mr. Harris once said that he disliked more than all else to be inconsistent, because in inconsistency there must be something of falsity. Thus he feared to do injury to the truth.” .
S erv ice
The Equity
re
ShawvrLLB United Church Rev. A. F. Pokes B. A., B.D. PAstor
Furniture Department
Simmon’s Bed Outfit
Bitebllebed 1883
POBLIHHKD KVHItY TF1URHDAT AT
SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC
f
r annual subscription
$1.50
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
e #
2.00
leading them to good


«33(11
must be paid In full la discontinued

m

All arrears before any paper
rea


W. G. COWAN, PUBLISHER
glliitl

ANGLICAN St.. Paul’s

t

To the end of his life, he was
It was

8



Sunday, May 26


n
m
'¦¦¦ >,

10.00	a. m.—Sunday School Morning Service Withdrawn!
7.30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
11.00	a. m —Holy Communion
St. Luke’s Evening Prayer
Roÿ 6. Fraser
Gift», Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886


m
îJpèffi*
In 1908
Flowers,

i

$
Phone 100
\
t
11

2.00 p.m

mmmm
?
U1M§
Teacher Wanted

Distinctive Flower Styling,
business. We in
vJft.
• -

J cil	SJô-i"5M5MS/S15M5MSM cJSjr^iSjCif2fSISfS15TG
Teacher with elementary diploma wanted to teach in Lower Litchfield School. Applicants please state salary expected. Applications to be in the hands of the undersigned Secretary on or before June 1st, 1940.
that's our
vite your patronage, orders of $100 or over, phone
collect.
$5.00 or over phone us collect and we shall prepay.
Specially Priced $15.50
DALE’S TIMSHOP
On
On orders of
/
us
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Cedar Chests at $15.50 and up
>
GEORGE STEWART,
Secretary Treasurer, Bryson, Quebec
«
Phone anytime between 7 » and 11 P'm*
Chairs
P-U-M-P-S
. $1.10 . $1.35 . $1.45 . $2.75 ... $1.90 .... $2.75
Straight Back Kitchen Chairs Unpainted Bent Back Rocking Chairs Childrens Rocking Chairs
Childrens High Chairs....
Childrens High Chairs with aluminum trav .............................
a
• •
• e
a


5
i «
H
>/> _
DOES THE TRICK./
a
«
We are carrying a large stock of Beatty
a
a
<<
a
a
a
Pumps and Parts for every purpose, all
Call in and see
a
a
Spring Tonies
at a price to suit you. this stock and save money.
# # #
# #
Ask your neighbors wh*t Bray Chicks did tor them. Then see me for prices and delivery dates.
C. Harold Boulton
Bristol Egg & Poultry Association BRISTOL - QUEBEC
Nation Blood Purifier Rational Beef Iron & Wine
Burdock Blood Bitters Ironized Yeast Tanlac
And many other notable
Spring remedies
• • •
• #
LESLIE DALE
$3.85
Quebec
Shawville,
Ï

ByjgjgjgjgjgjgjgjgjgjgiSJaJBJaJajaJBJBJBISJajaJïiJBISfSJÿ,
Wilson’s Garage

Boot and Shoe Dept.
¦
The Same Reliable Service
Farmers’ Attention
i
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Men’s White Tennis Shoes
Brown
Women s White
Brown Misses White
Brown
Women’s White Sport Oxfords
Kid Shoes Buck Shoes
We want to meet a limited number of progressive faarmers who wish to increase their income by several hundres dollars, growing one acre of a large variety of Red Raspberry. The berries to be shipped to a large Montreal dealer for store and miscellaneous use.
Government certified root systems furnished for Fall planting on attractive terms. With ordinary csre the berry to be planted will yield over 8,000 pint boxes per acre.
Mail reply to Box 145 Shawville, Que., on or before May 29th.
A personal visit will be made at your home showing business in detail. Farm owners only considered.
44
44
44
THE CORNER STORE
44
44
Ford Service
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
E
44
44
44
Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
Main and Centre Sts
SHAWVILLE
à
44
44
QUE.
fc
J. P. Wilson
44
44
44

Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
44
44
Look Here
44
44
For Saif, Wants, Found
Lost otc
Rev. T. S. Harris
Men s Work Boots $2.75 and up
4	(From New Church, April, 1940)
5	The passing of the Rev. Thomas 3 Stark Harris has removed to the Ï spiritual world one who actively engag-9 ed in the ministerial uses of the New d Church for nearly forty years. Since he =4 retired from the pastorate at-Arbutus,
2	Maryland, in 1934, he has been living 7 with his daughter and son-in law, Mr.
3	and Mrs. Francis Frost, at Westfield,
4	N T., where he departed this life on 3 February 19, in his eighty-third year.
SI Born at Stark’s Corners, Que., in
2	1858. early home influences inspired a
5	delight in the Word of God which led
3	him eventually into the Methodist
S ministry .!¦¦¦¦¦
3 Ont., he married Eva Maria Bradley, S who preceded him to the spiritual world 5 in 1937. They are survived by one son, S Emery, and three daughters, Bessie,
» (Mrs. Leonard K Bchlert), Elsie, (Mrs.
¦ Francis L. Frost), and Eva, (Mrs. Jas. W. Stockbam).
In November, 1908, Mr. Harris came from Abington, Mass., to pay his first visit to Bryn Athyn, where he addressed the Philadelphia District Assembly and was enthusiastically welcomed. (New Church Life, 1909, p. 116). At that time also he was received by the Bishop as a member of the Council of the Clergy of the General Church (Ibid p. 35), and during the ensuing thirty years, be took active part in its deliberations. His last address to the Council in 1938 on the subject of "Spirtual Influx” was published in New Church Life in 1938 p 344. And in that journal from 1919 to 1931 we find many articles and sermons from his pen. A pape toning” (1923) served to recall in that art, for intoned in an impressive manner when conducting a service.
His description of "How I was Brought to the Light” (1929) gives a vivid and dramatic account of his gradual reception of the teachings of the New Church. At the age of twenty-four, while attending the Theological College of the Metholist Church in Ontario, he first heard Swedenborg’s mentioned, and this led him to read the writings, ordained into the ministry of Methodist Church, Swedenborgian ideas began to appear in his sermons.
o
Shawville. Phone 15 — -2^_______________
K. 2, Shawville. Phone, 22-21.
Men’s Fine Oxfords $2.50 and up
FOR SALE—Certified Green Mountain Potatoes. Apply to .J. It. McDowell, Shawville. Phone 11-27
PASTURAGE — Largo pasturaging An*M OT RO N u ?	' Î .S h aw v M k>.

\
MacLean’s
/&OR SALK-A Quantity Potatoes (Green Mountain)
Kvkhktt T.auohhrn, Charter!». Phone, Shawville 30 27.
of good Seed Apply to
In 1887, at Lansdowne,
RED & WHITE STORE
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
FOR SALE-A quantity of Vanguard rust resistant oats, government Inspected No. I, certified seed One 14 disc hrost-Wood llirrow. Apply to R. J. Cuth HKRT80N, Maryland, Que. Phone 23 v.
I*V)R SALE-A quantity of good quality loose hay • two Percheron Mfires, rifting four years. Apply to Clifford Hornku, It R. 1, Shawville. Phone 15 *10.
FOR SALE—One 13 Disc McCormick Seed Drill. Will exchange for Cow or Young Cattle. Apply to Norman Dodds Maryland. Que.

The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves"
TTélTjrW<* it
11
Tariff of Tolls to be Collected During
Season 1940, by
Have you received the
The Quinze Rapids Improvement Co., Ltd.
For Use of Improvements
benefit of our Sale of
FOR S VLB-Well'-matched team, geldings, weighing about 3,000 I ha. four years old, well-broken. Apply to Wm. Graham
Phone 23- 21.
an
Maryland, Que.
.	5 cents
Sawlogs, 17 feet and under, per 1,000-feet Board Measure..
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, per 1,000 feet Board Measure .. .7..........................
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock, and all other woods, ronnd or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet Board Measure .
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, square or waney board, per 1,000 Cubic beet .
Pulp wood, per Cord
FOR SALK — A number of Viking Rasberry Canes, suitable for setting out this spring, at 25 cents per dc sen. Apply to Pktkr L. Thompson, R. R. 3, Shawville, Que.
r on "In-fa is gift
Quaker Flour & Feed
cents
of Banner
CTHBKRTSON,
FOR SALE— A quantity Seed Oats. Apply to Jas. Cl Shawville.
H
. ...	7J cents
#•••••
¦¦¦for sale
, Tile Lap " Sheets Galvanised Steel Roofing ordinary and Council Standard. Send rlige and rafter lengths for estimate,
EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltu 1335 Delorimter Avenue
Montreal, Quebec
...	75 cents
• •
If not, do so NOW
«
5 censt
i < «
name
After he had been
E. C. WOOLSEV,
Secretary
the
This
###PAGE###6###

Eskimo Fashion Show Attractive

PERKY WHITE STRAW FOR SPRING
NT AR10 ÜTD00BS
0
*Xv


No Evening Gowns, But Plenty of Smart Arctic Hoods, Cape, Mittens and Coats

BY VIC BAKER

Lake Simcoe To Be Angler*s Paradise
Among grains, wheat stands high in nourishment value. Shredded Wheat is 100% whole wheat in its most delicious, most digestible form. This famous cereal with milk and fruit, contains these eight essential food elements: Three Vitamins (A, Bt and C), Proteins, Iron, Calcium, Phosphorus and Carbohydrates.
Here's vital nourishment to meet wartime demands on your vitality, in one simple breakfast that’s mighty good to taste. Order two or three packages of Shredded Wheat from your grocer—it's equally nutritious for lunch or as a bedtime snack.
THE CANADIAN SHREDDED WHEAT COMPANY, LTD., Niagara Fall., Canada
Vivid pageantry of the North was staged, unaware, during the recent annual spring Fur Rendezvous In Anchorage, Alaska, says the Christian Science Monitor. Day and night snowy streets were thronged with Alaskans in furs Women in sealskin coats covering modish creations rubbed elbows with Eskimo girls In squirrel parkas, reindeer mukluks and wolfskin mitts dangling at the ends of bright wool neck harnesses.
CHARMING ESKIMO MODEL
There the question of “what Miss Eskimo will wear this spring” was definitely answered. Fur buyers from New York, Seattle, St. Louis, looked as if they had stepped out of a smart advertisement, stood side by side In the crowd with a salty trader from the Arctic In mukluks (fur boots) that cost $16; fur pants at $50, and a parka worth anywhere from $100 to $600.
One large-eyed, round-faced Eskimo beauty modeled a short parka packet made of otter, trimmed with wolverine. Proudly she displayed the satin lining, and the zippers for the front opening and for the pockets where she kept cosmetics that had been brought by slow malls from the “Outside.” Gracefully she demonstrated how the Hood tightened around the face, and shyly she told that it was just the thing for skiing or sports wear. She wore lynx mittens.
*
Lake Slmcoe Is destined to be the greatest lake In Ontario from an angling standpoint. That's the plan of the department of game and fisheries, D. J. Taylor, deputy minister stated. Five million white fish fry are being released there and bass, lake trout, rainbow trout, herring, pickerel and perhaps musk-lnonge will be added later.
“The fact the lake Is so close to Toronto and already produces good fishing Is encouraging us to restock heavily,” he said. “Lake trout trolling has been particularly good In recent years and this year we expect It to he better than ever.”
At the same time, he said, efforts would be redoubled to prevent Illegal netting and county authorities have been asked to co-operate against poaching.
U'X*

à







.
«

shhedd
f




WV
mm
“!Hïw

&




to
Rita Johnson selects a minute bonnet in which straw brim rests jauntily ever the eye. The trimming is of bright green grosgrain.
É
fâSS»
à
<£$>:

%
a
m#
I
fy




y

THE WAR-WEEK—Commentary on Current Events
X
Si

X»
&
f

New Zero Hour Approaches For Europe’s Small Neutrals

•Je.
f
Sc




ÏV


#1#
Since the outbreak of armed conflict between Germany and the Allies, September 1, 1980, three distinct wars have been fought in Europe Finland, and in Norway Germany has won two of them. Last week, the signs were unmistakable that a fourth was about to begin, with Germany launching attacks against Britain on two or three fronts, possibly aided In the Mediterranean Sea by Italian armed action. Every country in Europe had a No. 1 case of the jitters.
6RÉÀT BRITAIN. Assailed by public opinion, the press, Opposition leaders, critics within Conservative ranks for having “missed the bus” in the Norwegian campaign, Prime Minister Chamberlain’s administration wa pending îa*t weçk çn he-man Winston Churchill t6 pull its chestnuts out of the fire. The question was, would the British House of Commons, press, public, be satisfied with promises henceforth to wage the war against Germany in more vigorous fashion, or would they demand a change of governments "so that the same thing may not happen again next week in any one of a half-dozen other countries of Europe.” (Hugh Dalton, Labor M.P.).
David Low, Britain’s great cartoonist, pictured Prime Minister Chamberlain and his colleagues digging themselves in for a last stand behind the barricaded doors #f the cabinet room at 10 Downing St. Mr. Chamberlain, armed
with an umbrella, Sir John Simon and Sir Samuel Hoare, with inkpots for ammunition, were seen crouching at the end of the cabinet table jammed against the door. Scattered on the floor were papers marked “eight years of dithering.” The caption says:
“One position that isn’t going to be evacuated!”
columns were reported advancing upon Holland from Bremen and Duesseldorf, with objectives apparently in the south and in the north. If attacking it would appear the German High Command had a "scissors” movement in view
ill
il Hi
I
ill
i
1
à
t
Gardening
I
io work 10
mployment, r work Dr.
political freedom and 1 political servitude and e the majority would p*« \ Wallace believed.
Governor-General’s award for the best Canadian book, in the General Literature class.
“Confessions” is the chronicle of a child of Vikings. It is the story, seen through the eyes of a growing girl, of how her mother and father, members of old Icelandic families, married and emigrated to Canada, met the new conditions here, and brought up a family of North Americans, imbued with Icelandic Ideas of culture, but indistinguishable and proud citizens of Canada.
“Confessions of an Immigrant's Daughter” ... by Laura Goodman Salverson . . . Toronto: Ryerson Press . . . $2.50.
Task of Citizen To Keep Freedom
in Poland,
¦ Il»
and
REPLACEMENT
It Is a good plan, old gardeners state, to use started annual flowers for planting among tulips and other Spring flowering bulbs that will be past their best in a few more weeks. Something Is needed to hide dying foliage. Then again, quick growing annuals will always be useful for filling In any blind spots In the perennial beds where Winter has been unusually severe.
FIRST VEGETABLES
First of the garden peas, leaf lettuce, radish and spinach will be among the earliest vegetables that are sown. These may be planted as soon as the ground Is fit to work. All of the sçeds should be sown at feast three times at Intervals of ten days so that there will be succession of vegetables. The second sowing will be carrots, beets, onions, potatoes, etc.-, which can stand a little frost, and then beans, corn and tomato, cabbage and cauliflower plants, etc., which are tender.
SHORT CUTS
To get started in a hurry one is advised to purchase a certain quantity of started plants of both flowers and vegetables. It Is important to get the varieties wanted, and on this account it is an excellent idea to consult a good Canadian seed catalogue before placing the order. The gardener can look over the various varieties in the catalogue and should make sure that the particular ones wanted are in the boxes of plants bought.
After setting out these new plants, the ground about should be soaked with water and kept soaked for a week or so. It is good plan to add some commercial fertilizer dissolved in water and in the case of small things to protect from sun for a day or two.
to spread out sidewise to occupy intervening territory after reaching their first objectives. Object in invading Holland: to seize submarine and air bases for attacks on England; to endeavor bo outflank the Maginot Line through Belgium. It was the sixth war @csre in the Jsetherlands since September, and by far tn
War Responsibility to Preserve Liberty at Home — Strengthen Democracy, Urges Principal of Queen's University
Il'J
I

/
Individual responsibility is necessary for the preservation of freedom, Dr. K. C. Wallace, principal and vice-chancellor of Queen's University, Kingston, Ont., told a recent meeting of the Ottawa Women's Club.
"If tihe forces against us are victorious, the growth of personality, which is the important thing in life, will not be allowed,” he said.
If all individuals did their best to strengthen the system existing today, they would be helping to ensure its continuation, Dr. Wallace declared. He urged persons with minority views to be courageous enough to express them.
The fact that there is no unemployment in dictator countries is due to military enlistments, he said. If the men under a dictatorship were asked whether they preferred
e most
potent, but it was believed in many quarters that the German moves in this direction might again be just a feint to draw a;-^ntiop away from action in the Balkans.
ITALY. Still on the fence last week was II Du ce Mussolini, enjoying his position while he could. Influences restraining him from participation in the war on the side of Germany (if such were his intention) :	Pressure by the
United States; the presence in the Mediterranean of the largest Allied fleet on record ; the attitude of the Pope; the manifest desire of the Italian people for peace; the bad state of his Country’s finances — not really able to afford a war; the pro-Ally feeling of the Italian royal family.
No. 1 Rumor of the week: that Hitler and Mussollniwould shortly meet again and confer in Innsbruck, or perhaps in Munich.
THE BALKANS. A German-Italian coup in the Balkans was feared by all the small neutrals of southeastern Europe last week. It was indeed the threat of Germany that such a blow might fall. Should “Allied tropes violate any of the Balkan countries’ frontiers,” the Reich declared it would send an ultimatum to that country demanding it choose immediately one or the other belligerent camp. Meantime Britain redoubled her efforts to line up Yugoslavia, Rumania, Bulgaria, Greece and Turkey into a “defensive” alliance. Extension of the war to southeastern Europe seemed imminent, since any excuse could be the cause for action, (Turkish troops were lining
the Greek and Bulgarian frontiers and Nazi formations were noted along the Yugoslav and Hungarian frontiers. German tank shipments into eastern Slovakia were also reported. The Italians were busy near the Yugoslav border and the Dodecanese Islands. Russian reinforcements appeared near the border of Ruthenia. Rumors were current that the Allies were about to land troops at Salonika in Greece).
CANADA: With the Parliament j
about to open at Ottawa, political observers in the Dominion were
GO


X
s de-
e
k-
VOICE
OF THE
$2.50 SENDS 1,00C
PRESS
cigarettes to any Single Military Addreu 0« etieei
A FARM PER ISSUE
To print the New York Times for a single week-end edition means that the pulp wood has been stripped off 225 Canadian acres. — Peterborough Examiner.
Mall Order and * eminence It —¦»
OVERSEAS DEPARTMENT
W. C. MACDONALD INC.,
Bex 1929, Place d'Armes. Manlreal, Canada
TMs disc saèÿact » *y do*|t Is 6sn, SOtft P-N‘Mlsei
WHAT, NO RADIO?
The last war was easier to endure because we didn't have to listen to all the would-be experts commenting upon the significance of rumors that hadn’t been verified. — Chatham News.
i
i
LIFE'S LIKE THAT
By Fred Nt.her
•WV? /K" // * <	5 /«/
THE NEXT CENSUS
The census is expected to show something else: that the Canadian people are growing older. A generation ago, Canada was known as the young man's country. It is not so much that, now, because the years have piled on the shoulders of the young people of the early days of the century, and new young people, from abroad and the native-born, are not coming in such numbers as formerly. So the average age of the population will be greater. The school statistics have been showing the trend for some years. — Vancouver Daily Province.
O

Vff/
•;\* >*/*
t
K
(
NORWAY. With Central and Southern Norway abandoned to the Germans, it remained to the Allés, aided by the Norwegians, to capture the port of Narvik from a garrison of 4,000 Germans, and seize the railway leading from Narvik to the vital Swedish Iron mines at Kiruna. Prime Minister Chamberlain declared that the government was keeping in mind the fact that British forces at Narvik were open to grave risks until Allied aerial supremacy in the area could be established.
SWEDEN. The effect on Sweden of the Allied reverse in Norway was acknowledged in London te be greater than on any other European neutral. Encircled, the “middle nation” faced starvation through strangulation of trade with the Allies, unless she came directly within the German-Soviet trade orbit.
HOLLAND. Aside from the Balkan countries, the Netherlands last week were possibly in a worse spot than any other European nation. "Increasing uncertainties ef the international situation” caused all army, navy and air force leaves to be cancelled in the Netherlands, cities to be blacked out, traffic to be halted on rivers and canals, and communications with the outside world to be cut off overnight. Two enemy

The Book Shell..
)TO
CONFESSIONS OF AN IMMIGRANT'S DAUGHTER By Laura G. Salverson
With her new book, Confessions of an Immigrant's Daughter, Laura Goodman Salverson has for the second time in her career won the
v
//
\
V
DON’T HANDICAP THE POOR
The war should not be a means of maintaining the status quo in which the well-to-do have so much and others have so little. There are standards of living which should Improve whether the country is at war or at peace. The financial sacrifice of war should be borne by those who are able to bear it, and to the greatest degree by those who are best equipped to hear It. All war taxation should be framed with that in view. Those who are struggling upwards from the financial depths should not be handicapped by war burdenswhlch others are better able to shoulder.

A O


looking for early reorganization in the Mackenzie King Cabinet, with Hon. Pierre Casgrain, former Speaker, a distinct possibility in any shake-up ... it was expected also thta Norman Rogers, Minister of Defence, would be given complete control of the three defence services and air force — of chairman of the war supervisory council.



w •
I
— army, navy in the capacity

K*«.
Toronto Star.
“Sorry, but I got five bucks on the Other team.”
REG’LAR FELLERS-A Gentle Hint
By GENE BYRNES
#3^
Bl

H-

l\
THIS IS TOO.
*LL fall off ?
I SAID IF ONE OF US WOULD GET OFF
I C OU 1-0 moc
TOM»/

WHAT
DIDJA
JAY?
/y


7
II
I

THIS 13 NO FUN THIS WAY/
/

l
© DIN AKA DU MV

Ej||f
^ 7



UA
*
(/
/
!
?
zr
i




?
(^Aa/nleeleïi



I

i


x
f
K
fife'.
%
S/ow Burning

I V
fr PATfRS
%
I
A

Ioubl7$W*wc?


AS
###PAGE###7###
K
very rich syrup, but the proportions given will be found to be a very good all-round syrup.
Pineapple Short Cake
Pineapple provides us with the inspiration and the material for some very attractive desserts. Here is a shortcake of the sweet variety, which has won high favor. It offers quite a novelty and is used frequently as a party dessert.
A medium sized pineapple well ripened.
through the food chopper. Add sugar in proportion half as much sugar as fruit. Have this prepared several hours before baking the cake. When ready to bake, drain the juice from the pineapple.
One-third cup butter Vt cup sugar 4 egg yolks 1 cup flour
% teaspoon baking powder % teaspoon salt % cup pineapple juice One-third teaspoon lemon ex-
7
the sand as he reached for it. It was not until late the next afternoon that Joe Kirby, a weatherbeaten little desert rat who even thon looked almost any age, had caught sight of something far ahead of him, crawling erratically on all fours, rising and hobbling, crawling again, without air or direction. And they were long miles from the nearest waterhole, and Matt was twice Joey’s size and unconscious part of the way, but somehow, coaxing, cursing, pulling, dragging, with a grudging help from a small and resentful burro the wiry little prospector had staggered through with him to water and safety. And from that day what was Matt Blair’* was Joey's.
And so, drifting one time to the Valley of the Sun, Joey had stayed. Inevtcrate old prospector that he was, he had at once begun pottering around for gold. Joey had located a fairly promising streak in the ravine.
7
(b M $
pUR^X
i
A

Tea At Its Best
A
A
L
B
w



K
L
V




S
E
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS

Shred very fine or put
JtJ.

PINEAPPLE CHAT
The season for canning pineapple is now with us again. It is rather a difficult matter to be sure when pineapples will be at their best,—always there seems to be a diversity of opinion. My best advice to you is, “Be a canny buyer and watch for the best pineapple a* well as the best price.” By all means “shop” and do not telephone.
I have been requested to repeat the canning methods of last year so I shall give you the method for first the cooked, and then the uncooked, which I hope will be meeting all requirements. The uncooked is ever a favorite, and if properly done keeps indefinitely and is the ideal way for fruit cups and cocktails.
The acid content of fruits plays a considerable part in the keeping qualities of fruit when canned. Pineapple has a high acid content and as a result does not require the long cooking given to other fruits. Canned pineapple when reported as having too strong a tang or being hard on the throat is usually fruit overly cooked.
I am giving the oven-cooked method (which so many of you wrote me about last year saying you were delighted with the results.)
•Is
#
HILLS of DESTINY
7

by Agnes Louise Provost



SYNOPSIS
Lee Holinter. returning from a trip abroad to the Circle V ranch, owned by Matt Blair, who for twenty years had been like a father to Lee, decides to surprise the family. He sends them no word of his coming and rides over the hills to the ranch on horseback. When he finally sees the wide rinchland before him, he Is astonished at the unusual aspect of the place. He Is troubled too, when he meets Slanty Cano on Matt's land. Then Joey pector befriended by Matt — tells him Matt is dead by his own hand.
mm m- They's nobody left of the old crowd but Curly and Darrell. I was hopin’ slie’d come back, but Curly . told me yestlddy he’d heard somebody was goln’ to buy It and turn it Into one of these here gentlemen’s fancy ranches.
On the edge of Joey’s bunk I/ee sat very still.
"Ye don’t «’pose Honey would let anybody jump my claim, do ye, Lee?"
"No," said Lee flatly. "This Is your claim as long as you want to keep It. You'll not be disturbed."
As far back as his memory of the Circle V went, that ravine had been Joey’s. No cattle were ever driven through there, no timber was cut save for Joey's use. Years ago, so small a thing as a gopher hole had left Matt Blair In the middle of the desert ' with a badly wrenched ankle and two broken ribs, a horse that had to be shot and a water supply whose last drop trickled into

IT'S ALL JOEY'S "It’s yours," said Matt Blair. "So you stake your claim anywhere around here that you want to."
mm
tract.

Method—Cream shortening and mix in sugar very gradually. Beac egg yolks and add, combining and beating well. Mix and sift flour, baking powder and salt, and add to the first mixture alternately with the pineapple juice and lemon extract. Spread in two greased and floured cake pans and cover with meringue.
/V
i
SEND FOR THIS USEFUL BOOKLET
Write now for FREE IV*-kid» "52 Baking Secret»" failed by the L unada Starch Home Service I )ep|^, directed bv Mrs Aitken. famous Cooking Authority Write, enclosing a label from any Canada Starch product, to Canada Starch Home Service Dept .1 .49 Wellington St E, Toronto a
So Joey had staked his claim, carefully and conscientiously, giving Matt a painstaking diagram of iU limits, but the whole ravine had been Joey's from that day.
Lee turned back to Joey abrupt-

THE CANADA STARCH COMPANY LIMITED
iy.
old pros-
"Nobody's going to jump your claim, Joey. If anybody tries It, you let me know and I'll take him apart. And the Circle V isn't going to Le sold east to bring Virginia back."
"Now, Lee, you be careful!" Joey eat up suddenly and fixed a worried eye on him.
A brief grin twitched the corner of liee's mouth. Both he and Joey remembered the biasing temper of the waif Matt had brought to the Circle V years before. The temper was still there, but, as Joey said, it knew who was boss.
Meringue
4 egg whites Vt cup sugar % teaspoon salt % teaspoon lemon extract 1 cup fine moist shredded co-coanut.
and employers were more exacting in their demands, with the result that greater maturity and better training was required for those starting work.
EDUCATE UP TO 17
Child labor was rapidly disappearing because of this need of more maturity and better training, and school authorities had to so arrange the curriculum as to keep the boys and girls in training until they were suited for employment. Industry had little use for untrained boys and girls, and the community must make up its mind to educate children up to 17.
“If pupils leave the elementary schools at 13 and cannot find work until they are 17 something must be done for them during the intervening four years to prevent them from running around idle if they are not to qualify as inmates of our penal institutions,” said Mr. Darragh.
CHAPTER II
Joey told. Hard times had hit Matt heavily, aud one disaster after another had piled on shouders al-eady burdened. Cattle had stampeded over a cliff, grazing privileges which he had rented for years from old Don Luis Cebalios had been refused by a new owner; there vs ere notes ia hank and the bank had unexpectedly pressed for payment; rumors also Of disastrous *pe< ulatlona
"He must have been figgerin’ on some deal that didn’t pan out," said Joey. "He hinted at somethin’ to me; come down here one night 1er a pipe with me — ye know how he did. Three days later be was dead, with a letter from the Assay Office fellin’ him that some ore samples he'd sent 'em didn’t assay high enovgli to be wuth what it would cost to get it out."
"Not the old Bonanza?"
"No, they ain’t nothin’ there but cave-ins. We found a place down in one of the old claims where they had been some fresh diggin'.’’
"H'm. Did anybody hear the
not yet. I’m going
Beat the egg whites stiff but not dry. Gradually beat in sugar, beating after each addition until whites stand in peaks. Add salt and lemon extract and fold in % cup of the cocoanut. Spread this mixture evenly over the two unbaked cake layers. Sprinkle with the remaining cocoanut and bake in rather slow oven 325 degrees Fahrenheit until meringue is brown and cake done. Cool and put this filling between the lay-
i
Oven-Canned Pineapple
Always test jars for leakage. Place in kettle and sterilize thoroughly. Prepare fruit either in dices or thin half slices, whichever you desire. Omit any soft or over-ripe fruit. Place fruit in hot sterilized jars. Fill with boiling
syrup to within V% inch of the top. Place on rubbers, being sure they are new and sterile, next the glass tops and then screw tops. Screws down tightly to be sure it
fits properly, then loosen one turn back to allow for expansion. Place on rack in oven about 1% inches apart. Process at 275 deg. Fahrenheit for 35 minutes for pints; 60 minutes for quarts. If possible allow jars to cool in oven until easy to handle, then screw tops down tightly; leave inverted for 24 hrs. Store in a dry and cool place. Under no circumstances reopen jars to fill with syrup.
Points to Remember
If using an electric oven do not use top element at all, not even for preheating. If your oven has no heat control use the same slow oven you would for a fruit cake.
The fruit should never boil rapidly in the jars. Use a very slow boil (an odd bubble will be noticed travelling to the top). If the fruit boils over, the oven is too hot: then place a pan of cold water in the oven to cool it down.
Syrup for Canning Pineapple
2 cups sugar 2 cups water.
Combine ingredients and bring to the boil. Boil five minutes; remove any scum, which may form. This amount yields enough for four pints.
THE NEW LONGER
UNE
I He stood looking toward I head of the ravine where the trail I was still greyly visible running up I and out. It would be nearly dark In I that great grassy bowl, with the I sun dropping like a plummet behind the bills.
A match rasped in the cabin, the lamplight wavered and grew very steady, a stove lid rattled. Joey's voice came out to him.
"Ye goin* up to the house, Lee?**
"No." The monosyllable was clipped. "I was going up to look things over, but that will have to keep.
*	You needn't tell anybody I've been here. Joey. I’ll turn up again before
*	long."
the

ers.
1 cup whipped cream and the cup of drained pineapple previously prepared. Add to this 1 V% tablespoons fruit sugar and % teaspoon lemon extract, ten marshmallows cut in quarters.
Place one layer cake meringue-side down on serving plate. Whip
cream until stiff. Add sugar, pineapple, lemon extract and marshmallows and fold in lightly. Spread between layers. Place the second layer meringue-side up on top of filling. Cut in squares or wedge shapes for serving. •
A


V
*1

ENJOY ITS GENUINE
x*
MINT
MS
A 4JM/
shot?"
"So. He all alone. Looks like he'd fixed It up that way. He'd let the boys off to a barbecue. It was Ling that found him, just about sun-up. sagged down in his chair, like I told ye, with his gun on the floor, where hto fingers."
‘ I suppose," said Lee sharply, "iliat. the whole outfit had pawed the gun over before anybody had thought of fingerprints?"
"I ilessay they did handle It. but they ain’t any use in try In’ to figger it out that way. It was Matt's own gun, and they was powder marks on him where it had been fired up
close.”
"Mind! Don’t you dast go anywhere else. Lee Hollister. Now I'll have supper ready in two shakes."
Lee nodded acceptance.
"This Lawler business." he said slowly. "1 don’t get it yet. Who was it picked him, with good men like Curly and Darrell already on the place? Who is winding up Matt's affairs? The bank? Judge Harvey?"
"Neither of 'em. Honey is."
"Honey! Not all alone
"Why — yes." Joey sounded apologetic. "That's the way Matt fixed it in his will. 1 guess Matt kinds counted on the Judge bein' here to advise her anyway, and you around to help her run things, but now that she's back east, it don't seem to work out that way."
Joey's voice trailed off on a discouraged note; but picked up very quickly in defense of Matt’s mistaken judgment.
«a>
FLAVOR

/
READERS, WRITE IN.»
Miss Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and is even ready to listen to your “pet peeves.” Requests for recipes or special menus are in order. Address your letters to “Miss Sadie B. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto.”
>1
y
V

had slipped out of
1 *

%
¦

lr
• Every day millions find real enjoyment in the cooling, long-lasting flavor of WRIGLEY’S SPEARMINT GUM — blended from fresh i garden mint.
It’s good for you, too— S helps keep teeth bright B and attractive. Dentists I recommend it.
•Mi
y

i
Children Need More T raining
s
“SHE WENT EAST”
Silence fell heavily beleen tin m. L*e Droke It presently.
“Is Virginia at the house?"
“No, she only stayed for a little while. She said the place was so full of memories plie couldn't aeem to stand it. Her aunt kep’ coatin' her to come back east and live with them, and so she went. They’s a manager here now, Lawler, his name is. Things U kind» minin’ down. It ain’t the old Circle V any
L
r
f

3272
i

School Superintendent Dis cusses Modern Methods of Fitting Them for the World — Require Longer Period
%IZf S l?-'C:
AN OLD WILL
“Ye see. it was an old will. Matt was aimin' to make a new one but lie never got around to it.”
Joey smothered a sigh and went back to his pans. Lee stayed for a moment longer in the doorway, «taring ofit at the thickening dusk with thoughtfully uarrowed ryes. Yes, it was pretty clear that the shrewd old judge was not advising Virginia. Maybe he'd better drop in and see the Judge himself, lie did full justice to Joey's meal.
An hour later the last crumb was finished, the dishes were washed, and I*ee had saddled the buckskin again. His movements were light and quiet, his voice low'. Voices carried on these still nights.
“By the way, Joey, w hat's Slant y Gano up to now ?"
“Slanty? Where'd ye see him Joey peered back suspiciously.
“Just outside Valley Pass. First time I’ve seen him on Circle V land I* since Matt ordered hiiu off and told I him to stay off. He offered me a job I and « a I ill he was looking for strays. I 1 persuaded him that he wouldn't j find any here and he sidled off." I “I he I ye did? " Joey snorted glee I fully. ‘ Slanty s had a run of luck I lately, and it's-swelled his Imt size I somethin’ outrageous. He s manag I er for the old Ceballos place — I .veah. manager! Ye know it was I took over for the mortgages when I old Don Luis died. Some company's I got it now. i disremember the name I but Slanty’s been put in charge.” I From tlie cabin door Joey watch- I od Lee go. tall, upstanding, strong. I An upturned universe was grinding I slowly back to its foundations. Matt I was gone and that was irreparable, I but the rest would come right some- I how. Lee was home.	I
Lee topped the rise from Joey's I ravine into the Valley of the Sun I and kept going. Tonight, by plane I if he could get one, he was starting I east.	,	!
Makes a Trim Waist
By LOUISE LENNOX
The very new longer torso line has been modified for you. Soit, becoming shirring sets off this charming frock, and is repeated in the short sleeves. Notice the lingerie touches, the heart shaped neckline and sleeves trimmed with snowy white. A swirling skirt and smooth hips all add un to make that million dollar look, but if you make it yourself tins dress is destined to help your budget stretch.
Style No. 3272 is designed for sizes 32, 14, 16, 36, 38, 40 and 42. Size 36 requires 3% yards of 39 inch material, with J !4 yards of ruffling.
Send Fifteen Cents ( 15c), (coin is preferred) for PATTERN to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly YOUR NAME. ADDRESS and STYLE NUMBER. BE SURE TO STATE SIZE YOU WISH.


\
Uncooked Pineapple
12 cups diced pineapple 7 cups fine granulated sugar Combine ingredients and mix well together in a large crock. Cover; slit frequently and leave standing overnight. Place in sterile jars. Seal tightly. Store in cool dry place. Some prefer this swee> er so Jhe sugar can be increased. Some even like it equal quantities of fruit and sugar, which makes a

With life faster and more complex, children need a more extended period of training to fit them for the world, H. J. C. Dar-ragh, superintendent of Montreal Protestant Schools last week told members of the Montreal-West-mount Rotary Club. The standards of employment were constantly rising, the speaker said,
;
> »>-
v
1
a
MAKE UP WITH OGDEN’S
à ¦
GET SOME TODAY !
gn
L' n
'#& Û
This breakfast


%
1
......

9”
SPEAKS FOR ITSELF!
-.\y.\v,
Ogdon’s Fine Cut heads the c ast in the production of a smoother, milder, meIloue* cigarette. Roll yourowners who make up with Ogden’s agree that this fragrant cigarette [tobacco plays the feature “role'Vi smoking enjoyment.
Only the beit cigarette pape n—“C ban ftc/tr" 09 "I ef//r"— an goad enough /#/ ItgJeo'i.
ftp*'
Snmkfrt /—J
Aik A
For
OfJen’t
Cut
Plug
am
VJ





dad LINDS AN IAKI The moment he pours on the milk or cream, he hears Rice Krispie* chattering to him with their merry crackle-pop-snap. They just beg to be eaten. So downright crisp—and they stay crisp to the very last spoonful!
• IS




I
iTtj !

r
i ii

JBE

k

New thousands now demand
l-S
7.
on a
SO

Sî
POP-CRACKIE-SNAP chorus daily!

fbleman	I ron
8Æ

i
All over Canada, children atid grownups listen tmy morning to the cheery song of crispness. Break lasts are gayer when golden-brown Rice Krispies tumble into family cereal bowls! Tests show that Rice Krispies stay floating for hours in milk or créant. Rice Krispies” is the trade-mark of the Kellogg Company of Canada, Limited, for its delicious brand of oven-popped rice. Order several packages tomorrow. Made by Kellogg's in London, Canada.
r


I
Hardware dealers ere authorised to allow you II.«0 ue any old Iron toward Ihe purchase of a new Coleman. It make* and burnt own gat. No tords, wire# Lights instantly.
SEE voua DEALER or wilt# M v.
far deiailij
The Coleman Lamp A Stove Co
l.ld., Dept. WO. WT. Tnninli», Ont.
(»327#
•**
OGDEN’S
M
Bl
v
i *tls
4 «
FINE CUT
— V

ISSUE NO. 20—’40
(To He Continued)
P

###PAGE###8###


e

* * u

Australian Nelghborliness
Seventy neighbors of Arthur Brain, veteran of the Camel Corps in the World war, joined in a working bee to plow his 200 acres in the Mallee wheat district of Australia when he was rendered helpless by arthritis, it is reported at Sydney. He sat in a wheel chair with the youngest of his four children on his knee and watched. The bee was organized by two neighbors who could not bear to see him lose his farm. Fifteen tractors completed the work in a single day. By seven o’clock the whole area was plowed ready to be sown. Among the workers were two pioneers, one 70 years old and the other 84 years old. His neighbors also sowed for Brain an adjoining field with wheat and oats.
PERSONAL MENTION
Mrs. W. E. 81mw visited relatives in Montreal for the week-end.
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Work Supplies for
MEN
Mrs. Allan Sparling spent the
week end with relatives in Ottawa.
Mrs. It. A. Foley, of Linsdowne, Ont... is visiting her daughter, Mrs. A. F Pokes.
Mrs. Jhs. Sparling, of Campbell's Bay, is visiting at the home of her son, Mr, Allan Sparling.
Mr. and Mrs. G. G McDowell spent the past week end with relatives in Montreal and St John, Que.
Mr*. Walter Elliott was a weekend guest of her daughter, Mrs. Mrs. Fred Martin, at Campbells
Bay.
Mr. Maillon Hayes, of Toronto,
was a week end guest at the home of his parents, Mr and Mrs W. J. Hayes.
Mrs. A. G. Brough returned Sunday after a two week’s visit with her daughter. Mrs. Onn Simons, at Thetford Mines, Que.
Miss Florian Brough, Reg. N.of Ottawa, is spending her vacation at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Brough.
' in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
Work Shirts—:fawn and blue covert
cloth, sizes 144 to 17.......
Pant Overalls—blue denim, copper rivets, good quality......
Work Boots -
choose from.
Balbriggan Combinations
36 to 41...............
95 cts.
Phone, 278
$1.35
geo. h. FROATS & SONS
284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Several makes to
$2.95 to $5.00
Doctor Busy for 60 Years
Dr. Hugh Watson Stephenson, now in his sixtieth year of practice, is Alabama's outstanding example of the vanishing country doctor. Dr. Stephenson, in his late eighties, still is active, practicing in three counties but has “just about given up night practice.” He has brought into the world three generations in many of the families around this tiny Alabama town. When local citizens recently presented Dr. Stephenson with a loving cup in appreciation of his “long service,” the aged doctor exclaimed modestly : “I don't de-Mrs A F. Pokes Accompanied j serve that. People are too good to her son, Harold, to Kingston on me."
Friday last, where he received the degree of Bachelor ot Arts at the annual convocation of Queen 9 University.
Sizes
Clarendon Women m Institute
Clarendon Womens Institute held the meeting for May on Wednesday evening at the home of Mrs. Vincent Hudgins.
To extend the area in grain production After routine business was dis-many acres of old sod, notably in the cussed the meeting was devoted to Maritime Provinces were broken up last an agricultural program, fall For success, and especially with A paper, “hi m Women and the barley, says B. Leslie K.nslie, a fine seed War", was given bv the convener.
inisias^
to make a firm seed bed,	tion at Fort Coulonge, was pre-
The growing of barley should be spnte(j by the delegate, Mrs. limited usually to land cultivated in the I Vincent Hudgins, rotation, where a fine seed bed for this Refreshments were served by shallow rooted, quick growing cereal , the hostess at the close of the can be more easily procured. Oats or meeting, spring wheat are likely to thrive ( __ well on the newly broken sod, and these are sown earlier than barley.
may be largely overcome by a fairly Ej ,, Room H„U8e will) electric light»
liberal use nf the fertilizer "Inch wi a[)(1 Wllter . sumrm.r kitchen and large
promote rapid vigorous growth of the ^^ed. 3 8ta|| «table and hen bouae. The choice of the fertilizer will 3 Town Us No , ,4 , 15 ftn(1 U6.
in the Village of Campbell's Bay.
Apply to
MRS. ED. GIBSON,
Cropping Old Sod In A Late Spring
75 cts.
25 cts.
Work Socks
Renfrew Dry Cleaners call here every Wednesday
and Saturday
Right
Norris Rr. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43

recent conven-

Picturesque Pioneer’s Grave
Near Newberg, in Yamhill county, Oregon, a great oak marks the Mrs. B. T. Stark and Miss Bat grave of the picturesque pioneer bara woodley were official dele- Ewing Young, who died in 1841. The gates from Adina Rebekah Lodge tree< so tbe story goes, was planted attending the sessions of Grand Qn a bright May day in 1846, when Lodge held at Sherbrooke, Que., Sidney Smith (in whose arms Voting during the past week.	died) strolled with his sweetheart
mmàÊSB
, to Dr. Gladstone Win. Fiddes. American Revolution.
MARRIED
Pulpwood Wanted
Fiddes—W ilson
A lovely early summer wedding was solemnized in Princess Street United Church, Kingston, Out at eleven o’clock, Saturday morn ing, May I8th, when Dorothy Pearl, daughter of Mrs. Mildred Wilson and the late Rev. W. G. A. Wilson, of Kingston, became the bride of Dr. Gladstone William J. Fiddes, son of Rev. W. J. Fiddes, pastor of Princess Street United Church, and Mrs Fiddes The ceremony was performed by the groom's father, Rev. W. J. Fiddes. a-*Lt»d by his brother, Rev. H.S Fiddes. of Bronte, Ont Miss Norma Redmond played the —11» wedding mu-iv. playing the Bridal
rain chorus from Lohengrin as the
I'-idieL' wedding party entered the church and Mendelssohn's Wedding March at the conclusion of the ceremony. As the register was signed the I choir of Princess Street Church sang ' O Perfect Love.”
The bride, who was given in marriage by her uncle. Mr. T. C. Wilson, of Shaw ville, Que , was a lovely figure in her wedding gown j of classic white satin made on princess lines. Her bodice length veil was caught with gardenia and she carriedshower bouquet of ' red roses and lily of the valley.
The bride was attended by her sister, Miss Ruth Wilson, ns maid of honor and by Miss Anna Mc-Cullft and Miss Margaret Mills, both of North Gower, as bridesmaids. The maid of honor wore a dainty frock of ice blue taffeta and the bridesmaids wore frocks of pastel pink and mauve over taffeta and little white flowered hats.
Guelph, was best man and Mr. D. Murphy and Mi. R Spence, of Kingston, were ushers.
After the ceremony a reception was held at the home of the bride's mother at 20 Nelson Street. Mrs. Wilson received her guests wearing a smart jacket dress of heaven blue sheer with navy accessories, and Mrs. Fiddes, mother of the groom, wore a handsome gown of old rose sheer with accessories to match.
Later the bride and groom left for Lake Placid. N. Y , and will travel in' New York State. The bride chose for travelling a yellow coat over a printed silk dress with accessories to match. U^ion their return they will reside in Ottawa, where Dr. Fiddes will assume the position of house surgeon at Strathcona Hospital.
Among the out-of-town guests were, Mr and Mrs. J. A Pritchard, of North Gower, Ont.; Mr«. H. M. Cuthbertson and Mrs. A. N. Golden of Montreal, and Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Wilson, of Shaw ville.
House and Lots For Sale
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood, F.O,B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick-up by trucks Phone or write,
J. M. ARGUE, Shawville, Que.

crop T	....
depend on conditions, but it should con-1
tain ample phosphate and potash and an . amount of readily available nitrogen sufficient to give the crop a smart kick-
I
Campbell's Bay, Que.
off.
Phone 7G
son


lilt)

m
wm
•••

%
Va


6
t

Va
si

/ \
^ ‘r J
ÜÜ
>
r,
vmtk

U\ \

m
%
GUTTAPERCHA
100% CANADIAN
/


/

%



¦ ;

- .«

OVER 57 YEARS EXPERIENCE

mt

¦ -
4 3
I

l

z

cm
>
â

-4
t;


For
»>


\
y
More
Smiling Miles


J A


THE GREATEST ADUARCE
in mATTRESS DEsiGn in
THE PAST TEA YEARS...
See
Mr. Got don Con ling, of
J. L. Hodgins
Shawville, Que.
. this new Simmons
It Has Everything!
Beautyrest Mattress—a new “plain edge that provides a uidrr sleeping sur j art* and gives the bed a smarter, more trim appearance; extra pocketed
ever before;
à



a


M





coils for greater buoyancy than smart new two-tone panel damask coverings;
ventilators to permit free air circulation; bandies
ami convert-

V
P
Wl SUHOtiW
for easy turning—every improvement ience that Simmons craftsmen have developed.
I

T-IO
An exclusive Simmons feature :	The new
tuner roll, attached to p re-built border and outer row of springs, ensures a 8traifjht-edue mattress and prevents the edges from saut/inj.
dealer’s, have
See this gorgeous new mattress at your Compare it with any other mattress you
And remember . . . you spend four
bed! Dollar for dollar sincerely believe, the
make. Look
y

ever seen.
months of the year in good mattress is, we finest investment in comfort you can at it this way; Over its lifetime this new Simmons Beautyrest will cost you about 1 cent extra per night! Yes, you can afford it. Why not go and
see it . . . today?
t-
I

7
¦ SP
U
a
¦
E|i
)
t
a;.
«a
V
i
Report of the May Meeting ot The Wyman Women's Institute

*

THE NEW SIMMONS


»

M

mm
d
M
Now 837 individually pocketed coM springs :
These highly tempered, sensitive coil springs create a sensation like floating on air ! Try it I
The May meeting of4he Wyman Women’s institute was held at the honig, of Mis. 8. W, MacKeclmie, taking the form of a social evening. with a large attendance Report of the County meeting, j recently held at Fort Cot 1 lunge, was presented.
The Shawville Women’s Institute . Interesting features were a seed met at the home of Mrs. C. J. contest and the presentation of an Caldwell, on Monday evening. May I autograph quilt to Mrs. Finlan, 18 with the President, Miss Irene who lost her home by tire.
Shaw, in the chair.	. VT Add'esses were given by Mr J
The meeting opened by repeating N. McLellan and Mr. S. W. Mac in unison the Institute Creed and Kechnie, also readings by Mrs the singing of The Maple Leaf for Lusk, of Qtiyou.
Ever*	:	Instrumental music was much
Miss Winnifred McDowell and enjoyed and the program closed Mrs Lawson Corrigan, delegates with a singsong Refreshments * to the County Convention at Fort were served.
Cou longe gave a report of the proceedings.
Mrs. Win. Murray gave splendid talk to the members which wa-enjoyed by all.
Âir. X. A. Drummond, county agronomist, gave an interesting address on perennials and the care of lawns and hedges.
The hostesses were, Mrs Caldwell and Miss Irene Shaw.
m
m

i
V3a


MATTRESS

Shawville Womens Institute

v






ïï\

t

0*

¦M
Mr*
1
I
¦
“Jlffy-Joln” tufting of the Beeutyrest
creates a smooth sleeping surface. No buttons to annoy you or come loose I Supreme comfort.

&
,


...
Y/


¦


e
Wool Shipping
o(
eA«f


Canadian* Cooperative Wool Growers will receive wool at Quyon Station on Monday moi n-lug, June 3rd, and at Shawville O. J. j C l\K. freight shed all day Til j day, June ilh.
te
%

tbe
¦
<
(
894
