###PAGE###1###
«N*..


%



.1
<
- 4

$1.50 pep annum in Advance 2.00 to the UnltedStates
I
PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, MARCH 21. 1940
SHAWVILLE
Nu. o(t, 57th Year
I
<
G0WL1NG BUSINESS COLLEGE •
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
Rushing the Seison
Although with more snow than !it any other time during the winter. Spring must he ju-t «round the corner, As pro >f of this our friend, Bob Sheppard, brought to this office the other day a tiny ripe tomato which grew from a stray seed in a geranium pot at his home, McKee section. Bob said that this tomato was the second one to ripen on the same plant.
PERSONAL MENTION
Mixed Dance — Under the of Adina Rebekah Lodge,
Shawville Hardware
Auspices
a mixed d mce will be held in the Theatre Hall, Ranter Monday night, March 25th.
Refreshments served
Mr. and Mis, J, M. Argue v er in Toronto for a few days dm in^
| the past week.
Mr. Wilfred Mod gin g of Dorn*
„ ,	g 04. d r remy, 9ask , visited relatives in
The Ladies Guild ui St. I nul s town during pa-t week.
IeSShShe s.eeekeh,s
lowing the supper Mr-. Percy During Holy Week. Rev. K. C Powles, wife of Rev. Percy Powles. Holton will he in Montreal con-will addresM the gathering on the ducting services at St. Aldan's costumes and eustoniH of the Church.
JiijiHnese people.	Sergt Fred Elliott. R C A , JI*li-
fax. N. N , visited his parents, Mr and Mrs. Alf. Elliott, during the past week.
Mr. Arthur Hayes left Sunday night to attend the funeral of Miss Lillian Hopper, at Chapleau, Ont., on Wednesday.
Miss Lucille Brough, of Macdonald College, is spending the Easter vacation with her parent-, Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Hrough.
Pte A. R. C. Ol instead, of the R.C.A.M.C., Ottawa, visited his parents and friends in Austin district during the past week.
Mrs. Robt. Carswell and Miss Eunice Whelen, Calumet Island, were week end guests at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Alf Draper.
Good music
k Ml
~the Çenuine

0!
This old reliable school has removed to laiger and finer premises. The finest and most modem in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year

Sherwim - Williams Ê	Z
emijustre
%

BORN
BlESENTHAL — At Sensenbrenner Hospital, Kapu-kasing, Ont, on Sunday. March 10th, 1040, to Mr. and Mrs. C. G. Biesentlial, (nee Erma Hodgins, R.N.) a daughter—both well.
DIED
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal .
W. E. COWLING President
SATIN - ENAMEL
Product*
Elmside Women s Institute
The sensational washable satin enamel for walls, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other stains wash off with soap and water. We have a full selection of the lovely pastel shades.
15
-n
JAMES A. MILLAR
The annual meeting of Elmside Womens institute was held at the home of Mr< H. I Smith, on Wednesday afternoon, March hi, with the president, Mrs. W. J. Murray, in the chair.
Several visitors and thirteen members were present and answer ed the roll call by paying their fees and repeating an original poem telling how they had been beuetitted by the Institute during the past year
Very interesting and timely was a paper given by Mrs. W. J. Murray, entitled “I am a Canadian.’	,
Good work in all departments
was shown in the conveners’ reports.	,
Officers for 1039 are : -President, Mrs. \V. J. Murray ; vice president, Mr- F. Thomas and Mrs. L
Angus ; treasurer, Mrs. B. Balia n tyne ; secretary, Mrs. J. Campbell Conveners are : — Agriculture, Mr-. M. Bailey ; Child Welfare, Mrs. L. Angus; Education and Better Schools, Mrs. H. Walsh ; Home Economics. Mrs. W, D. Campbell ; Canadianization and National Events, Mi-s S Campbell ; Legislation, Mrs. H. I Smith; Canadian Industries, Miss Mar jorie Drummond ;
Emma Meld rum.	.
Each member telling an Irish joke and the singing of Irish song-brought the meeting to a close.
Refreshments were served by the hoste«s assisted by Mrs. H. Fulford and Mrs. Thacker.
B.A. L L L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que,
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
T
At the home of lier son, Crawford Carson, Austin section. Clarendon, on Saturday, March 10, 1940, Theresa Jane Sly, beloved wife of the late John Carson aged 76 yeais. The funeral took place at two o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, March 19th, from the home of her son, to Austin United Church and Cemetery.
Miss Jessie Smith Dies at Community Hospital
See our distinctive Wall Papers
GARLAND C. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hedging Building Main Street, Shaw ville. Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
P tes Borden Corrigan and Car Morrison, Cameron High

men _ . landers, Ottawa, spent the weekend at their respective home* in to w n.
Miss Jessie Louisa Smith, a lifelong resident of Bristol Township, died Thursday evening at the Pontiac Community Hospital,
Shaw ville, after a lengthly illness.
Miss Smith was born at Caldwell 68years ago, the daughter of the late Matthew and Eliza Jane Smith, and had lived all her life on the homestead member of North Bristol United Church and for several years was secretary of its board.
Surviving are three sisters, Mrs.
\V. B. Cow per, of Temiskaming,
Que.; Mrs. Thomas Alexander, of Onslow Corners, Que.; Mrs. J. H.
Emmerson, of Br istol Ridge. Que., and four brothers, James T., of
i>re<idJnt,teMi»sbE \m! Edey 'and Springs Out.; and Geo. W. and
attended.
A tribute was read to the mem- Shawvilie, to North Br istol l nited cry of the late Lord Tweedemnir, Church, with interment in the ad-
and a minute s silence observed. joining cemetery	«
The year’s work was reviewed conducted by Rev. H. G. Steel .,
eSS3e§2
“Th.œ’will “ponaov ,	.«.I	w„. A, P-U-
taking the Red Cross Home Nnrs- received.	Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
ing Course.	----*•*
The officers and conveners le ; piay Presented at turned by acclamation were ; St. Andrews, Bristol President. Miss Abbie Pritchard ; vice-presidents, Miss E. M, Edey and Mrs. S. XV. MrfcKechnie treasurer, Mrs. XV F. Pritchard assistant, Mrs. Roland Graham.
Conveners of committees Agriculture, Mrs. R. Graham: Can adian Industries, Mrs. XV. G; Hud Canadianization and Nation nl Events, Mrs. A Cleary ;
Welfare and Public Health S. XV. MacKechnie and Better Schools, Mrs XV. F Pritchard ; Home Economics, Mrs
Jas. A	t^ÊÊÊÊÊÊÊlÊÊÊÊÊË
Mrs. XV. L. Sharpe ; Legislation,
Mrs. Hanlan Y’oung ; Publicity,
E M. Edey ; Talent Basket. Mrs.
J. Hilliard Bronson ; Good Cheer,
Miss A. Pritchard ; Red Cross,
Mrs. S XV. MacKechnie.
Mrs. Jas. A. Graham. Mrs. J. H.
Bronson and Mrs. Fred Hutchison, were appointed delegates to the county convention to be held at Fort Coulonge on May 8th, and Mrs. A. Cleary will represent the branch at the annual provincial convention to be held at Macdonald College, June 24—28
During the social hour that followed, tea was served by the hostess, aswDted by Mrs. Roland and Miss K. Graham.
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
Starks Corneis Women's Insti tute will meet at the home of Mrs Jessie Stark, on Thursday even ing, March 21st. Program — An nual repo11 and election of officers
She was a
Wyman Women's Institute
Young Mens Suits
DONAT Le GUERRIER
L.L.B..
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S. BAY, QUEBEC
The regular monthly meeting of Wyman Women’s Institute, which was also the annual meeting, was held at the home ot Mrs. J N. _	. The president. Miss
Abbie Pritchard presided, and was
B. A
Immigration, Miss
Mr Lei lan
Fashion Craft Clothes
Always
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with bylcorrespondence
Rev. W. F , of Oil
Satisfaction
R. MILLER WALLACE
BARRISTER PHONE, 2-2219
Second Shipment from Local Branch Red Cross Society
’
avocat
189 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
At Prouifoot’s Hotel, Campbell s Bay


bervice was
The second shipment of finished work, received from Units working with this branch of the Cana dian Red Cross, was forwarded to Ottawa on Wednesday, March
13th.	e —	* ,
The shipment consisted of the following :—311 pairs ot socks, 75 pairs of wristlets, 3 pairs of kneecaps, 46 sweaters, 32 scarfs, 33 pairs of mitts, 40 abdominal binder®, 108 slings, 32 suits of pyjamas. 00 pillow cases and 6 hospital gowns.	,	_ .
Units contributing to this ship ment were
Austin-2 sweaters:
Bristol-24 pairs of socks pairs ot wristlets, 2 pairs of knee caps, 2 sweaters, 7 scarfs, 1 suit pyjamas and 9 pillow cases.
Charteris - 13 pairs socks, 8 pairs wristlets and 1 pail mitts.
Green Lake — 12 pair socks, 2 wristlet®, 1 sweater, 1 scarf,

%
Young Mens Double Breast
Drape Models
Single Breast and Regular
Models
| New Browns, Greens, Blues j Snappy Spring Patterns
/
i
I

D. J. CAMBPELL
• -<
I

/
K
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
On Friday last the Y. P. U., of sec- St. Andrew’s t ni ted Church, Bristol, presented the three act serio comic play “Where's Grandma?” A good audience, in spite of exceedingly bad roads, gathered to enjoy a very tine presentation. The young people had worked hard and the result was good acting- The play was ably directed by Mrs. H. H. Walsh, assisted by Mr. Andrews.
The cast was as follows
Graham ; Immigration, Grandma, Mrs. W. J. Murray ;
Bob, Wilmer Graham ; Gretchen, Miss Todd
tyne .	I HHHH
Dahlia, Mrs. H. Fill ford Miss Louise Bailey E. Du IT ; Lucy, Mrs, Wilmer Gra ham.
The part of Grandma was played very efficiently, upon short notice, by Mrs. Murray, owing to the indisposition of Miss Tonne Grandma visits her grandchildren, whom she had previously met and is at pains to be very popular. To this end she acts, lipstick paint and all, like a sweet young thing, but it doesn't work. She finds her place in their hearts when she is really Grandma, a nice old lady. Comic interludes combined with touches of pathos and love interest make a well balanced entertainment.
At the close of the play a presentation of an address and an electric clock was made to Mrs. H. H Walsh, in appreciation of her veiy tine help given the young |)eople in presenting the play.
Between acts piano selections were given by Mrs. Walsh and Miss Evelyn Duff. Rev. C. Armstrong Sales was chairman,
\
Phone 31
Hi
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
/
Dental Surgeon
on
\
Child | Mis.
Education
Graduate of MeGill University
Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell’s Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week
\

\J
(Vslings 1 suit pyjamas, 12 pillow also two suit® of pyjamas
$23.50
cases
forwarded in the first shipment, but accidently omitted from the
last report. ^	. ,	,	.
Greermnunt — 20 parr® sock®, 4 wvLtlets, 1 scarf, 7 pairs
Jack, Gordon Ballan-Midnight, Alex Murray ;
Carol, EUeen, Miss
/

parrs
mitts and 24 slings.
Ladysmith — 10 pairs socks, 7 pairs wristlets, 2sweaters, 6 scarfs, 15 pairs mitts, 20 slings, 0 suits pyjamas and 24 pillow case®.
Litchfield—0 pair s sock®, 1 pair wristlets, 1 sweater, 2 si'arfs, 2 mitts and a donation of 0 pair
Dr. R.E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE PLATEAU 63 8 8
pair
socks iNid 1 sweater-
North Clarendon—5 pair socks, 3 pair wristlet® and 2 pair mitts.
Portage du Fort—45 pair socks, 4 sweaters and 5 suits pyjamas. Radford, Line 13-15 pair socks.
3	pair wristlets, 0 sweaters, 1 scarf
4	pair mitts and 1 suit pyjamas. Radford, Line 15-13 pair socks,
2 pair wristlets, 4 abdominal bin der®, 8 slings, 4 suits pyjamas and 12 pillow cases.
Schwartz—28 pairs socks, 4 pan wristlets, 2 sweaters. 5 scarfs, 2 pair mitts, 24 slings d suits pyjamas and 23 pillow cases. Shawville :
St. Paul’s Church—35 parrs sock®, 0 pair wri®tlets, 1 pair knee caps, 4 sweaters, 2 scarfs, 4 abdominal binders, 20 slings, 1 suit uy 7 pillow case®, 0 hospital gowns, and a donation of 1 pair of socks and 2 scarfs
United Church-30 parrs socks, 4 pairs wristlets, 20 sweaters, 5 scarfs, 32 abdominal binders, 7 suits pyjamas, 12 pillow cases and a donation of 5 pairs socks, 3 pair wristlets and 1 sweater.
Starks Corners—12 pairs socks. Zion-11 pair socks.
Y arm—13 pair socks, 4 pairs of wristlets ana a donation of 1 pair socks and 5 sweaters.
Acknowledgment of the above stated articles is hereby made.
T. E R. Nursb,
Secretary.
Young Mens Topcoats
DQ. WALLACE J. W. KODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Death of Miss Hopper Deeply Regretted Here
Smart New Models in Latest Coatings
Many friends in Shawville learned with deep regr et on Sunday of the passing at a Toronto hospital of Miss Lillian Hopper, professional nurse.
Shortly after her graduation, three years ago, Miss Hopper came to Shawville and engaged in her profession and while here became well-known and very highly esteemed by a host of friends who sincerely mourn her death.
Miss Hopper, who was in her 28th year, became seriously ill about a year ago, and had since been a patient in hospitals at Ot tawa and Toronto.
Surviving are her sorrowing par. ents, Mr. and Mrs. R. J. Hopper, of Ciiapleau, Ont., and two sisters, Mrs. Fred Matters and Miss Lela, of Chapleau, two brothers, Ivan, of Sanlt Ste Marie R.C. A.F , St. Thonra®, Ont.
Fuliteral was held from the home of her parents at Chapleau on Wednesday afternoon to St John’s Anglican Church and Municipal cemetery
Blues, Greys, Browns, etc.
BELAIR 3 257
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
$16.50
$13.50
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
1 80 METCALFE STREET
tunas
. ONT
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
OTTAWA
PHONE, 2-7961
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
OTTAWA. ONTARIO
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
i
and Verne, of

Quebec
Shawville
scientific ere examinations
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular Eye Defects
T, T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins, |
Reg. Optometrist	*#g« Optometr.it ' s


SHAWVILLE - QUE.











r
###PAGE###2###
P N P Rpv^n.u».	I iU8 area north of the trans-contin
o/% i^nUe8	I ental railway line, says the Chris
Up 36 Per Cent I tlan Science Monitor.
Aerial transport operators report one of their best years, and now tractor trains are running across the frozen lakes, freighting thousands of tons of mining machinery to properties which have proven to be worthy of development.
Hudson, Sioux Lookout, and Ken-ora on the railway line in northern Ontario aro the starting points of the air and tractor freight trains.
MACHINERY FLOWN IN
Here the heavy machinery and hundreds of tons of other supplies needed at mining camps are unloaded from the freight cars onto heavy sleds, and powerful tractors hitch the sleds together into strings or three or more, then tie on in front, and start their run of several hundred miles over frozen lake ami suowcovered buslila *.
Airplanes are ;;r—i riylng in considerable freight, mail and express, as well as passengers, to the camps which remain in operation all winter. Northern Canada is seeing a busy winter, with the transport companies busiest of all.
Eastern Snowbirds Entrain For Western Ski ing
¦ mmm
i
NEWS
The gioss revenues of the all-inclusive Canadian National Railways System for the 8-day period, ending February 29,
1940, were ...........
as compared with .....
for the corresponding period of 1939, an increase of ............
PARADE
i
«


$4,854,995
3,547,323

Aa the seventh month of the war between Germany and the Alllee got under way, the long-awaited spring offensive was still In the effing
tag up, and the lines of conflict tautening reported massing along the Swiss border, men poured into the West-
the Belgian-German, the Dutch-German frontiers were ordered closed Ivity stepped up Allied vigilance on the Western Front HHHH flights of German planes took place over all parts of France when Sumner Welles, U. S. Undersecretary of State, calling on Hitler and von Rlbbentrop in Berlin, he was told (we heard semiofficially) that the German army was already poised for a decisive blow “that will put in the shade all previous Ideas of military penetration and power.”
*
1,307,672
or 36.9 Ve
MAPLE LEAFS • CANADIENS RANGERS.BRUINS* AMERICANS BLACK HAWKS • RED WINGS
but events were speed
German troops were
Tractor Trains, Planes Serve Gold Fields
7 N.U.L. crests liko the 7 big-time hockey trame wear—they're durable— the colors are fast I They look smart on a jacket or sweater. You rail own as many na you liko absolutely free. Hero • all you do:—Bond one Bee Hive Syrup label along with one Durham or Ivory Starch label for each crest desired pccify crest or crests wanted, your name and address, enelore necessary labels
addrvsb on the labels.
Will
I

Increased patrol act
m)
mass
New Gold-Mining Area North of Transcontinental Railway Gets Freight by Modern Method»
and
kiH.v
f- M
Montreal pinned its Ski hopes on tms representative group of
Eastern Snowbirds, shown above in Windsor Station just before entraining for Banff, Alberta, where they successfully competed in the Dominion Ski Championships. They were joined en route by a group of Toronto participants.
The above group includes: (L to R) Loraa Meagher, Jimmy Houghton, Dorothy Michaels, Punch Bott, Madeleine St. Amour, Frank Reiffenstein* Alex. Casgrain, Walter Houghton..
Miss Dorothy Michaels was crowned queen of the Senior Ladies* division while "Punch" Bott fmished second in "combined" results, and third in men's open downhill.

fV

mail to the
This winter is proving to be a bumper season for the freighting business in Canada’s new gold-min-
PSlfl
BEE HIVE SYRUP
whence the blow
Whether the blow would come in the form of crushing military action (in the West, in Scandinavia •r the Near East); of bombing raids on civilian centres; or an unrestricted air and submarine campaign -against Allied shipping, we were still In Ignorance at week’s
C.P.R. Photo.
¦
VOICE n
OF T11L	I
PRESS
NTARIO
UÏD00RS


#ud
Not on Accident
but on Achievement
The fate of Finland continued to he In doubt ... it was reliably reported that Russia had submitted definite terms for ending the undeclared war respondent, E. Mowrer, cabled that heavy German pressure on Finland had blocked Allied plans to send an expedition via Norway . . Germany, he reported, threatened to assist Russia in conquering Finland, should the Finns make formal application to Britain and France for the dispatch of troops.
WHITHER ITALY?
A showdown on German coal exports to Italy came during the week with what future results, it remained a matter for conjecture . most serious, of course, would be the antagonizing of Mussolini to the extent that .he might enter the war on the side of Germany .... Virgin k) Gayda, frequently the Duce's mouthpiece, said in an interview that Italy would enter the war If it spread to the Balkans.
During the same week, France began rationing oil, alcohol, and sertain foodstuffs
Jemacy made gestures showing willingness to come to an understanding with Britain and France . . . rumors of an early shake-up in the British Cabinet gained credence . .
. . Norway protested to Germany the sinking of 50 merchant vessels
since the war began IHHHI made a new plea for peace British steamer Domala was bombed by a German Helnkel flying over the Channel .
from Russia to Germany passed through- Bulgaria withdrew to new defensive positions
s non-aggression pact with Ruman-the “Queen Elizabeth made B suprise crossing of the Atlantic.
BY VIC BAKER
CRACK RIFLEMEN
Chicago News cor-
Only a small number of expert rifle shooters in Canada have ever accomplished the feat of scoring the required number of points to attain the coveted Dominion Marksmen Expert Shield Award, but Ontario can boast having 23 crack riflemen who have captured this prized award in the last year.
WORTH POLITICALLY 14c
Chemically a man’s body is worth 10 cents. Politically it is rated at 14 cents, seven cents for each of the enumerators. — Kitchener Record.
The REALITY of Canada’s unity in this day of great national effort is a source of dismay to our enemy
Canadians should realize most fully is that their national unity does not exist through
and a factor of strength to ourselves and to our Allies
What
• e
accident... It is the direct consequence of resourceful, determined and painstaking administration during recent years by an experienced and nationally-minded federal government. . . During the past five years the peacetime policies of the Mackenzie
with respect to both domestic and external affairs
WASTED SCHOOL DAYS
Nowadays, we wish we had spent more time learning geography and lose throwing wads around the school-room. — Quebec Chronicle-Teegraph.
It requires outstanding marksmanship to post a score better than 5860 points out of a possible 6000 in this competition in which each marksman must shoot 20 targets from each of the standing, sitting and prone positions. To gain the expert shield the shooter must shoot twenty possibles, that is a perfect score, in the prone position, and twenty 98*s or better in the kneeling or sitting position, and twenty 95*s or better in the standing offhand stance. This is no easy job under the best of circumstances, yet all 23 Ontario marksmen shot above 5900 in the competition and the highest scorer only dropped 53 points to end with 5947 out of a possible 6000.
The honour of the highest individual score went to the well-known Ontario rifleman, Ellwood Epps of the Clinton Rifle Club of Clinton while the largest number of expert awards was won by shooters from Toronto.
King Government designed and executed with one main purpose in view
have been the strengthening of Can-
ada’s bonds of nationhood .. .-Because those policies were sound; because they increased the measure of contentment throughout Canada; because they avoided clashes between provinces and races and creeds; because they were equally considerate of agriculture, industry and labour. . . . because those policies have been truly
national in scope, Canada is today putting forth a great, united, national war effort.
the
THE ONLY INDEPENDENT
The farmer is the only independ •nt worker in Canada today may not have a great deal of cash to show for his labor, but he does not have to call any man his boss, nor go through his days with an inferiority complex — Bowmanvllle Canadian Statesman.
He
These are the sort of things which have contributed to unifying our nation :—
A Program of Trade Treaties — lowering Canada’s tariff barriers and opening new market opportunities for citizens of every province . . . achieved by the Liberal administration in spite of the opposition of Conservatives, and the indifference of C C. F. and Social Credit.
Parliament’s Right to Decide on War —
Mackenzie King promised the people of all Canada that the country would not be committed to war without the sanction of parliament
honorably and steadfastly, in spite of the personal abuse which was heaped upon him and his government by hot-heads who did not represent the collective views of Canadian people.
No Prior Commitments — the k'ng Government — wisely interpreting the wishes of the Canadian people — refused to commit this country, in advance, to a policy of fighting wars at unpredictable times, at unknown places and for undetermined causes.
The Quebec Election
political opportunists in the province of Quebec attempted to disrupt Canadian unity and seriously halt our national war effort the men of the Mackenzie king Government were the ones who went in and
fought to preserve national solidarity . . .
The Conservative national leader remained silent during this crisis voice should have rung out on behalf of national unity ... action of Mackenzie King and h ministers helped the electors only true issue clearly in mind was able to reaffirm "her proud position . . . . squarely and loyally an behind Canada’s national
On March 26th show your faith in Canad-Unity; Vote for the candidate supporting Mackenzie King and make sure there can be no break in Canada’s Steadfast
stand.

WHAT PEOPLE WANT
Possibly some day our politicians will discover that what the people are longing for in public men who will keep closely in touch with public feeling and public interests — not merely public as centres about party questions, but public feeling towards matters that have no reference to party politics whatever. — Guelph Mercury.
Japanese dip-
lie held to that pledge

Development of the Trans-Canada Airbringing the people of East and
Pope Plus
the
ways
West into over-night contact . . . created by the Mackenzie King Government from the ashes of the first airway attempt — sabotaged by the Conservatives.
Support for the Canadian National Railways System
fast in standing behind this great national enterprise of the Canadian people . . . while Conservatives have worked assiduously for destruction of the system.
A National Agricultural Policy
conception of federal encouragement for the farm families of every province.
Publicly Owned Central Bank—the Bank
of Canada, focal point of our national financial problems, was changed to public ownership by the Mackenzie King Government
DOGS AND SHEEP
There are several obvious reasons why sheep-raising has not so great an appeal for the Canadian farmer as the raising of swiue. One reason was stressed recently by the department of agriculture. It is the menace of the prowling dog.
Many sheep breeders in Canada are of the opinion that it is practically Impossible to raise sheep profitably on account of the large number of dogs which are allowed to run at large..
As a result of the menace from dogs there has been a reduction of 76 per cent, in the number of sheep raised in one district in which the sheep are regarded as the best paying class of livestock.
a shipment of oil
the Finns
The Only Woman
The only woman among the 23 expert winners was Miss M. J. S. Aldham of the Ormond Marksmen Club of Ormond. She not only placed fourth in scoring among the men but is the only woman in the province of Ontario to have captured this coveted prize which means so much to the outstanding shooter.
Windsor and Port Hope had the next largest representation among the group of experts, each of them claiming three winners.
Russia prepared to sign
Liberals have been stead-
hen certain
to
In Ontario, movie-going residents woke up to the fact that they would have to travel down to Quebec province, or out to Manitoba to see the lUrch of Time" film on Canada’s war effort.
a new
\ hen his
Exhibition Will Emphasize Music
reversing the Conservative policy of a central bank owned by private stockholders.
Because the courageous
ils Quebec
Drury Asks Right To ‘Shoo’ Hunters
31 Nations Plan
Showing At Fair
i Keep the Quebec
Co-operative Action on Unemployment
Problem — the Mackenzie King Government has co-operated willingly and continuously with the provincial governments in efforts to overcome the unemployment problem policy of denying^all federal responsibility in this matter was rejected bv the Liber-
C. N. E. This Year Will Award The Sum of $1,500 In Cash In Vocal,- Violin and Plano Competitions
rmly
Thirty-one nations, including Finland, have accepted President Roosevelt's invitation to participate in the 1940 New York World’s Fair, Grover Whalen, President of the Fair, has announced. Last year there were 61.
An acceptance also has been received from the Czechoslovakian Minister in Washington.
Participation of Turkey, Lithuania, Siam, and the French Mandate, Lebanon, is doubtful, he said. Argentinia, Albania, Chile, Denmark, the Netherlands, Russia, and Jugoslavia have withdrawn.
A private property owner should be given complete jurisdiction over his property so far as wild life and fish arc concerned. So E. C. Drury, former Ontario premier, told the Ontario Anglers’ Association convention in Toronto recently.
Under the present system, he said, a property owner could "shoo any ordinary person off or sue him for trespassing. But," he added, "if the ‘trespasser’ carried a gun or fishing rod he could eay ‘go chase yourself’ if cold there were no placards up—and you couldn’t do a thing about it."
war vti
the Conservative
Cultural and educational phases of the Canadian National Exhibition will be given further emphasis this year especially in the music competitions. The Exhibition management has decided to award the sum of $1,500 in cash in vocal, violin and piano classes.
$500 EACH
In each of the aforementioned elans es the sum of $500 will be awarded to the most outstanding •ontestant. The tuition for those scholarships may be secured from any accredited teacher approved bj the Canadian National Exhibition. Competitors for tte scholarships shall be selected in the •ourse of the ordinary competitions aad the tests for the respective $•00 awards will be conducted at tb* conclusion of the regular class-Special outside adjudicators wlU be engaged for the scholarship*. Of the total of each of the $•00 awards the Canadian National exhibition may allocate an amount not exceeding $150 for living and ##har expense* while securing the tuition provided for the winners.
Gold medallists of former years to voice, violin and piano at the Exhibition will be eligible to compete for the scholarships but they must compete in the regular classes in the general competit'onx to receive consideration as scholarship ceodi* *ates.
ran
ils
FORWARD WITH
MACKENZIE KING

fhi* .\a
Liberal
ioration of Canada, Ottnw
j* i
REG’LAR FELLERS—Enough Said
By GENE BYRNES
r
sirTir
A8 SEE WHAT HB KNOWS/
*K -rs


1
ILL GO N THE HOUSE AH' FIND
our?
f L BUSTED, HEINBOCKLES WINDER AN* l THINK HE TOLD MOM BUT I'M < NOT SURE /

(
rM

t
§L
I
«r.
I fi
^ ms»

V.
I
?

Û


A* u r*
l
###PAGE###3###
1

Lady in Blue. Said his mother liked It/'
So it was Derek's studio Mark Rogers had been coming from that day when ho had nearly knocked her down on the steps.
"Of course I told him pretty flatly that the portrait wasn't for sale," Derek was going on. "But I thought then — do you know, I don't altogether like your flying out with him alone, Connie — a man you
* They're So Convenient
SWELL CEREAL IS BETTER AIE THAN MEDICINE l
THIS

W
TOR

L
i

mm
T* ,tm* *• I wv J
%
*i: m
hardly know.' -
"He gave the best of references; and his circle of acquaintances did seem to be absolutely gilt-edged — J>r. Ardmore, for instance — not to speak of the Thorvalds, whose opinion," Constance added demurely, "you don't seem to think too badly of, yourself."
• Yes, I know. But you can't always judge from that."
Coiyiie smiled
. . This from Derek, who
TEA BAGS

“| couldn’t make up my mind which was worse — to endure constipation or try to cure it with harsh purgatives. Now I do neither. I prevent it by eating Kellogg’s All-Bran. It’s a lack of intestinal bulk that causes this common type of constipation. All-Bran supplies the needed bulk and also the intestinal tonic vitamin Bi. I eat it as a cereal or in delicious muffins. It's great to be ‘regular’ again.” You can get All-Bran from any grocer. Made by Kellogg’s in London, Canada.

Mi
s.

11
IOVT. LAUGHS
AT THE DOCTOR
X

Xi


s
little secret
a

smilo
had never considered any unconventional prank in his own company too indiscreet — even from the
BY ELINORE COWAN STONE
Copyright, 1936, NEA Service, loc. I
Sin, couldn't hear him say it often enough.
"Weren't they for you?" he asked reproachfully into her hair.
‘ Oh, so hideously empty, Derek.”
And in the end it was she who had to reassure him, to tell him over and over again how desperately lonely she had been.
"When 1 walked in there this evening and saw you, Connie, it almost floored mo. All the time I was making those silly marks on your face, 1 had the strangest sense of unreality — of not actually being there and seeing it all happen, if you understand what I mean, hardly dared speak for f^r you’d vanish.”
Of course! That was why he had seemed so strangely silent.
‘ I know," Constance murmured. "I’ve been feeling that, too.”
They sat down on the low stone wall, his arms around her.
‘ You see, all they had told me was that the doctor was bringing on some one to double for the Camilla Wynne person. Even when the nurse came to get me, she did not remember your name ... Of course, if I had known Rogers knew you, I might have guessed. You are like the Wynne . . . How did he come to find you?”
When Constance had told him about her three meetings with Mark Rogers, Derek frowned and said somewhat sulkily, "There's something about all this I don't exactly like seems to have been following you around, for one thing, ever since I came away. That day he came to the studio wanting to buy your portrait, I — ”
Constance sat up very straight.
“The day he — what?"
‘‘Oh. didn’t I tell you that? Well, everythiug was In such a muddle thou . . . Just a few minutes before you came in the day 1 left with the Thor va his, he came barging into the studio, wanting to buy the

4
CAS I UP CHARACTERS CONSTANCE MAIDWELL—her oine; the stand-in.
DEREK MANTHON—an artist who loved money first.
HILDEGARDE THORVALD-Derek painted her portrait.
DR ROGERS—he met his most difficult cose.
first.

i
"You needn’t worry,” she said. "Even if I were Interested, I don’t to bo having a startling sue-with the gentleman. In fact,
ci

/<z'

ALL-BRAN
seem

>*
cess
this evening he very emphatically washed his hands of me."
"Washed his hands of you?" Derek echoed blankly. ‘ You mean ho — but.T say, he can't do that, you
-
GET YOUR OUNCE OF PREVENTION EVERY DAY
Last week: Seeing Derek alone for the first time since arrival at the Thorvalds, Connie forgets everything else in the joy of his nearness.
know."
"Oh, can he? You don't know the
man."
ped cream and serve as dessert
for the next meal.
For your shamrock rolls, make rolls in the ordinary way, then cut three pieces; place them in a muffin pan, shaping. Leave to rise and cook in the ordinary way.
Honeyed Sweet Potato Slices
6 medium-size sweet potatoes.
% cup honey 1 teaspoon salt
1	cup Kellogg's Corn Flake crumbs
2	tablespoons butter
Scrub potatoes thoroughly and cook in boiling water until tender. * Peel and cut into slices %-inch thick. Dip in warmed honey and roll in salted Corn Flake crumbs. Place in greased baking pan and dot with pieces of butter. Bake in moderately hot oven (425 degrees F.) about 25 minutes.
Yield; 6 servings.
T
T
Most Girls Say “Eyes Make Man”
SUCCESSFUL EXPERIMENT "But I definitely heard him tell Mr. Thorvald this evening after you were in George's room that the e (périment was surprisingly successful, and that he hoped you could bo persuaded to stay until the Wynne menace is up and able to stage her own act . . . Camilla Wynne, by the way, is the family thorn in the flesh I wrote you all
A
A
I
CHAPTER XVU
Derek, had evidently just returned from one of the moonlight gallops about which he had written, for he was wearing jodhpurs and a soft white shirt, open at the throat. As Constance came up, ho was standing, his bright head bare to tho moonlight, with one booted foot on a low atone wall that ran along the edge of the grove, flicking idly at a weed with his riding crop.
At some faint sound she made, ho turned, flung aside his whip, and cried softly. "Connie, darling!" and springing toward her, oaugbt her in his arms. The whole movement was as beautiful as a well-rehearsed dance.
Some perverse imp in the back of her mind raised ita head and murmured maliciously, ‘‘Very good thoatie — what?"
But Constance put the thought angrily from her. Derek was not really theatrical. Even if he did dramatize himself a little soinu-times, it fcas all part of his exuberant need for self-expression — and like his painting and his loving to play the piano.
Now he was holding her from him, laughing down at her like a delighted boy.
"Darling," he cried, "I can't believe 3 et that you're actually hero, after these terrible, empty weeks."
"W"ro they empty, Derek?"
L
B
It's the First Thing They Notice About Member of Opposite Sex, Newspaper Poll Shows

K
L
mi
S
E
%
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Hats off to the girls, gentlemen— so they can see your pretty eyes. Whether they are blue, brown, green or grey makes little difference. Regardless of color, the “eyes" have it with the ladies, writes Pence James in the Chicago Daily News. ,
From one sweet thing to another, a reporter went with the question:
‘ What, is the first thing you notice about a man when you meet him?"
They were all quick to answer.
The man will be glad to know that for the most part it's whether lie’s been a good boy or a bad boy that counts with the girls; not whether he shows signs of prosperity or is as handsome as Adonis.
And the way the girls tell whether you are naughty or nice is by a peek through the little windows right under your forehead and on either side of your nose. A home girl, a nurse, an air-line stewardess, a department store clerk, a coed, a waitress and a receptionist were asked the question, said “eyes make the man" definitely. and another included eyes with facial expression. One said clothes. The sixth was in favour of poise. The seventh went for neatness.
Ann Osgard, a waitress, said:
“Everything is revealed in the eyes — the whole p2rsonality of a man. and you can even tell at a glance what mood he is in by looking at h!s eyes. I always take in the eyes first."
about."
“She isn’t now.” Constance laughed reminiscently. 4 She was properly jilted this evening, in my person. The heir of the Thorvalds told me In good set phrases that he was sorry, but he didn’t love me any more . . . That’s the second time in twenty-four hours that a personable gentleman has told me he was all through with me, Derek."
“Just what," Derek bristled, “did that ass of doctor say to you? By thunder, I'll — "
“In exact words" — Constance giggled; out here, safe in Derek’s arms, the whole episode seemed to be childishly ridiculous — “ he told me to go to bed when I got damn good and ready . . . And that, from a gentleman of his single-track turn of mind, was equivalent to telling mo to go to the devil."
“Well," Derek said, “he can’t let you go for a while, anyhow. Now that I've got you here, I’m going to hang on to you."
Constance couldn't help wondering if it had never occurred to Derek that, after all his own eager promises, it had taken Mark Rogers to get he r here.
“It's going to be perfect, darling," he was going on gayly. ‘ The nights are marvelous now. We can spend hours together
ST. PATRICK’S DAY
No matter what nationality of host or guests or just plan family, St. Patrick's Day has always been a day anticipated by all interested in appetizing and appealing menus. A jolly aura seems to surround the 17th of March. As we observe such attractive accessories, everyone with that sense of hospitality will wish to join with Erin's own sons and daughters in celebrating. This year we have the unique combination of Palm Sunday and St. Patrick's Day and there will likely be a desire for a family dinner party. So then "Top of the Morning"!
READERS. WRITE IN!
welcom
Mis.
Chambers personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and is even ready to listen to your ‘pel peeves.” Requests for recipes or special menus are in order. Address your letters to "Miss Sadie B. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto."
the way this fellow
ST. PATRICK'S DAY DINNER
Cream of Spinach Soup Fried Chicken Southern style Dublin Potato Nests - Green Peas Mint Fruit Salad Shamrock Rolls
i
Celery
Olives
More Bookcases
In Living-rooms
Lemon Chiffon Pie Green Tea
Green and White Mints
Dublin Potato Nests
Boil potatoes in the usual way for mashing. When cooked and mashed mix to the proper consistency with cream or rich milk, adding salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon of fruit sugar and 2 teaspoons chopped chives. Form into nests either with pastry tube or spoon, fill with buttered green peas.
Thied
More bookcases are being fitted into the American living room. Manufacturers don’t make things year after year unless they are selling, and the number of open-shelf types exhibited at wholesale markets proves a heavy demand.
The new cases are low, with open shelves, used in combination with other cabinet units chests of drawers the same size as the bookcases; with cabinets whose doors open on linen trays; with a combination desk and chest. Ail these fit together to make the living room more convenient and livable.
Mr. Caffeine-Nerves Gels Erased
like this — and
•<i

MR CAFFEINE NERVES:
7 bis office would drive anybody to the nut house!
“Derek," she said suddenly, "1 can't help wondering just what you mrxn by Tlko this.' "
“Mean? Why. just what I said." Derek seemed puzzled and a little irritated. ‘Alone together, where no one can bother us, and — where we won't disturb the family, of course.”
“Derek," Constance began again, “if 1 were your wife — as I should have been now, I suppose if — if none of this had ever happened — if you had never seen the Thor-valds — would it have occurred to you to wonder whether, at any time or in any place we cnose — our being together could possibly be anyone's business?"
“Nov/, Connie—" Derek's voice took on a hurt, startled note. He had picked up his riding crop again and was flicking restlessly at a bush beside him. “Don't you think you're being a little — well difficult about this? I mean .— well, after all, I am a guest here; ami so are you, oï course," he added hast-
OFFICE MANAGER: Sorry I lost my temper, Miss Jones—I don’t know why my nerves arc so jitter)' lately!
%
with
Mint Fruit Salad
Toss together 1 cup diced grapefruit, 1 cup diced pineapple, 1 cup chopped celery, mix well with boiled salad dressing which has been thinned and tinted with syrup from green cherries. Lastly add % cup after-dinner mints. Serve ou chopped watercress (lettuce will do) and garnish with green cherries.
Fried Chicken (Southern Style)
1 medium sized chicken Salt, and pepper Flour
U cup cooking oil
1 cup rich milk.
Cut lue chicken into four or six pieces. Dip eacn pi°ce quickly in coid water, thei^, sprinkle with salt and pepper and roil In flour. Have oil re-auy very hot in frying pau. Saute the# caicken until eacn piece is brown on both sides. Drain the pieces well and arrange on a platter (do sure platter is1 warm). Set in a warm place wnlie making tne gravy, t our all out of pan, leaving tv%u uuie&yuoiiu ut tue iai auu mix evtiiiy wim 2 tablespoons Hour; then add the milk. Season with sait and pepper; pour over the chicken. Add a little cnopped parsley to the gravy before pouring.

/,
\
Summer Gloves
Slightly Longer
V

v»W

X«
-------
œ.... \ mi
PARIS—Glows are extremely important in the Paris style picture for spring, llda, who creates glove fashions for all the leading couturiers, is sponsoring daytime gloves in two or three button lengths. They are slightly longer than they were last summer. Evening gloves must be long—from fourteen to twenty buttons—so that they wrinkle over the forearms in the new accepted manner. Ilia’s newest gloves are cut in one piece, achieving a marvel of glove “couture.”
SECRETARY: 1 think I know your trouble—too much tea or coffee ! You’ve got caffcine-nerves and the thing that will fix that is to drink Postum instead.
The gross value of agriculture production in Canada during 11)89 is estimated at $1,133,545,000 compared with $1,030,530,000 in 1988.
V



e
**xx
'A
i
#
z Z
wf
/
V
MR. CAFFEINE NERVES
Hush up, meddler! — stick to your shorthand!
t <
w

§?w
flh
i


;
4
? f/
!

iiy.
&
‘Bi t you ’don't mean to suggest. 1 suppose," Constance asked, “tnat thu Thorvaldg could have auy objection to their guests meeting and talking quite openly, especially when they had known each other— rather.well — for some time?"
“Of course not." Derek moved impatiently. “But just now the family arc in the deepest trouble. If you had he-:n here, as I was, when—"
• Do I understand," Constance interrupted, trying to keep her voice very even, “that you have been worried for fear that I might seize this opportunity to — to force our relationship on Mr. and Mrs. Thor*
vahir
“Connie, darling !” Derek took her swiftly into his arms again; but a real annoyance tinged bis voice. “You can't imagine I meant any such thing. You didn’t used to be s i unfair. What 1 had In mind was - well, here we are, after the dlsmrl weeks, with tho key to happiness literally thrown into our laps. Sooner or later things are bound to work out the way we both want them to, but In tho mc-antime
so pays /Are#

i
/.

Miss Jones,
OFFICE MANAGER:
you’re psychic! I’ve been drinking Postum for a month and now I can’t figure out why I w as always so upset !
¦> ?
sSwi
Lrad
>
I
The Refrigerator that’s Almost All Food Storage Space. An Extra
Shelf — at No Extra Cost.

Lemon Chmon Pie
1 package lime Jell-0 1 Ys cups boiling water ¦1 eggs
% cup granulated sugar cup lemon juice 1 baked pad try shell.
Dissolve Jell u in boiling water and add salt. Beat egg yolks well; add the sugar slowly; add the gelatine mixture. Beat the white# of eggs stiff and l'old into gelatine mixture. Turn into baked pie shell and chill. Whip % pint ot cream; place around the edges, leaving the centre uncovered. Make shamrocks
MR. CAFFEINE-NERVES:
I'm always erased when they switch to Postum!
' R’


*
#¦
/
//
i - #
«



« V
¥
i
Z

g
# Many people can safely drink tea and coffee. Many others—and all children—should never drink them. If you arc one of these, try Postum’s 30-day test. Buy Postum and drink it instead of tea and teffee for one month. Then, if you do not feel better, return the container top to.Gcneral Foods, Limited, Cobourg, Out., and we'll gladly refund full purchase price, plus postage. Postum is delicious, economical, easy to prepare, and contains no caffeine.
•dviM boys amlwlnm I Bf.nd daily
tramera of sport to eat Crown
à

PI60
bend tot Crown Brand 'Beak of Riddlte”. Book jf Mu^ia
1 Aira MS
tiVur " tri
m

¦¦am

k
)
* i
for the centre decoration by using pistachio jelly powder made in the usual way, but after adding the bulling water, place in a shallow pan until firmly set. With a culte1 (shamrock shape) cut the shamrocks. The not be wa
Crowr Brand a be! ot
ff
FREE
m
ola; <

r
)
> *
THE CANADA STARCH COMPANY LIMITE
?t
I
“Yes?" Constance breathed when • seemed to find difficulty in go on. “in the meantim
(To Be Continued)
SEE THE NEW NORGE AT YOUR LOCAL DEALER’S
of this jolly need
.... ...........lit tittup or put it
through thu ricci, mix with whip-

I
ISSUE NO. il—'40

« %

1
B
4 UNft
###PAGE###4###
i
t

t
X
was seconded by Councillor Kennedy and is as follows : That the resolution relative to the hospitalization of the
;>
THE EQUITY
QDQQG2Z

Short Course in AGRICULTURE
B
>
>
Hodgins Garage
SHAWVILLE, MAR. 21, 1940 SSSjTîZAtiSÏÏ»
s
a
r
g
by the Council of the County of Stan stead, be herewith adopted by the Council of the County of Pontiac, and the Secretary is herewith instructed to Minutes of proceedings of the Muni- forward copies of the same to the parties ci pal Council of the County of Pontiac indicated in the communication from at a regular, general, quarterly session, the Secretary of the County of Stan-held in the Council hall, village of stead—Carried.
Campbell’s Cay on Wednesday, the At this point Council decides to hear thirteenth day of March, nineteen hun some gentlemen present who have tired and forty, at the hour of ten business before the Council ; whereupon o’clock in the forenoon, at which session Mr. R. W. Hodgins, Secretary of the are present The Warden, Robert B County of Pontiac Agricultural Society Carswell, mayor of Bryson, and County No. 1, submits a communication to lay Councillors Andrew Judd, mayor of the before the Council, requesting grants United Townships of Waltham and towards the various proposed activities Bryson ; G. G. McDowell, mayor of of the said Society for the coining year. Shawville ; J. Berta! McConnell, mayor Council -then requires submission of all of the United Townships of Alleyneand correspondence of like nature, received Cawood ; Raoul Poisson, mayor of Fort from different County organizations Cou longe ; Ambrose Kennedy, mayor of who plan various worthy public enter South Onslow ; Eugare Pleau, mayor of prises contemplated for the benefit of Chapeau; P. H. McCann, mayor of agriculture, during the coming season, (juyon ; Simon Downey, mayor of the Mr. N A Drummond, senior agricul-United Townships of Sheen, Esher, turalist of the county, then addressed Malftkoff and Aberdeen ; James H. Council concerning these said various Peever, mayor of Litchfield; Francois agricultural projects and the beneficial X. Rouleau, mayor of Grand Calumet ; results that are yearly to be seen and
which are directly due to the assistance given by this Council in past years, which have greatly assisted in making the different agricultural assistance projects possible, he also requests council to consider his office in Shawville, when Lawn, M.L.A., mayor of Campbell’s contemplating grants towards defraying
part of the salaries of the secretaries to the Agronomist’s office. Mr. Lome Armstrong, president of C P.A S. No. 1. takes the opportunity to thank Council for its past generous donations to his Society and he is followed by Mr. R. W. Hodgins, who explains to Council, the methods adopted by his Society in using the grants received from Council, in such manner that their benefits may be as general and widespread as possible; following Mr. Hodgins address, Council on motion of Crs. Rouleau and Pleau, adjourns until one o’clock p m.
Council re assembles at one o'clock with the same members present and with the addition of Councillor Ferdin- ^ and Racine, mayor of the United Townships of Leslie, Claphaui and Hudders field.

COUNTY COUNCIL MINUTES
§
>
Under the auspices of C P A S. Division 1
Exhibition Hall, Shawville, Que.
Monday to Friday
April 1, 2, 3. 4 and 5, 1940	•
s
1
1
?
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet
Sales
l
!

s

Monday, April 1st
y
§
n
1 15 p.hi.—Opening of the Course
1	M
2	15
-	General Agriculture, N. A Drummond
—Fat m Management Problems the Young Farmer should consider by C. B. Dalton
—	Should we produce more veal by E. Boudreau -Meeting to Reorganize Call Feeding Club
A Choice Lot to Choose From
1 Change your old model and get a better one
1934 V-8 Ford Coupe with E.S.
1937 Chevrolet Coach with Trunk
1937	Pontiac Sedan model 224 Deluxe
1938	Dodge Coach with sedan seat in front 1938 Chevrolet Coach with sedan seat H D. Tires
1938 Chevrolet Coach with 4-ply tires 1936 Maple Leaf Truck Stake Body Dial Wheels |
Why not have your car overhauled now, so that you can drive in safety
Drive in today
J 15
X
\

I 15

I
a
Tuesday, April 2nd
X


- -1

x
10 .*U) a m.—Meeting re Better Farming Competition ami re
\
6H
Junior Agriculture
1 15 |>.in. —Instruction in Seed Judging by It. A Derick 1 M “ —Seed Judging and Weed Identification Competitions : Red Clover, Alfalfa, Oats, and Wheat and weed for identification — Why Sow Good Seed ? by U A. Derick
—Some Important Factors to Consider in Successful Live Stock Breeding by E. Boudreau
— In the Theatre Public Speaking Contest Round Table Discussion — Subject, “Should our Annual Exhibition be held in June or September >" Six local young tnen taking part. Musical entertainment, etc.
x
X
Charles S. Brinksworth, mayor of Portage du Fort ; William H. Barr, mayor of Clarendon ; Thomas J. McGuire, mayor of Allumette Island ; James Poupore, mayor of Chichester ; J. Nelson McLellan, mayor of Bristol ; E. C

B

X
X
X
&
3 00 "
B i
1 15

a
Bay ; Thomas Burke, mayor of Allumette Island, forming a quorum of the Council, the Warden presiding and the Secretary-treasurer being also present.
The minutes of the regular quarterly session held on 13th December, 1939, were read, when it was moved by Crs Pleau and Poisson, that the mihutes of the session of Dec. 13th, 1939, as now read, be adopted as correct and signed without amendment.—Carried.
The Warden then advised the Council that the term of office for which he had been appointed in March, 1939, was now expired and that it was the duty of Council to appoint another in his place, whereupon it was moved by Crs. McCann and Rouleau, that Mr.
Robert Carswell, mayor of Bryson, be herewith re-elected as Warden of the County of Pontiac for the ensuing term, 1940-41 and the said motion was unanimously adopted.
Cr. J. Nelson McLellan rises to suggest that this Council put itself on record as approving a resolution of regret at the sudden and untimely demise of our late Governor-General ; Crs. Poisson and Brinksworth moved, that the County Council of the County of Pontiac, Province of Quebec, in session at its first quarterly session rf 1940, respectfully wishes to express its regret at the untimely demise of His Excellency, the late Lord Tweedsmuir, Baron Elsfield, Governor General of Canada, and that these their condolences, be conveyed to Her Excellency, The Lady Tweedsmuir, by the Secretary-Treasurer of this Municipal Council.—Carried.
Council next proceeds to the appointment of County delegates for the current year, it was moved by Crs Poisson	...	J
and Downey, the Messrs. Ambrose I the Mudicipalities through which the Kennedy and P. H. McCann, be re highway passes and with the co-opera-elected County Delegates for this tion of the local member, t-o devise some Council in conjunction with the War- means of providing for the keeping open den, for the ensuing term.—Carried.	during W inter months, of the Highway,
The secretary next submits the cor- No. 8. Mr. Lawn advises Council that respondence in connection with the ap- he has taken this matter up with the point ment, by the Warden, of Mr. Minister of Roads who suggests tint if Arthur Libelle, of Waltham, Que., as his budget permits, he will advocate a Auditor, following the sudden and un- policy of advancing grants to local expected death in January, of the Audit- Municipalities for the purpose of purer appointed in March, 1939, the late chasing and maintaining snow fences as John D. Moorhead, and the Warden one effective method of keeping Winter personally relates to Council the cir- roads open, no further action in this . cuinstances which guided him in making j matter is then.taken by Council.	Sessional Expenses f'»r 1949. .
the said above appointment. It was The secretary read a communication Grant* to Agiiciiltural rair.s.. then moved by Crs. McGuire and Pois- from H. T. Hurd man, M. D, former Grants to Societies for short son, that Mr. Arthur Libelle, of Walth Secretary-Treasures of the County , course^ in agriculture ..
j Que., be herewith appointed Audit- Municipality, who requests Council to Grants to . ¦ h*-o, l airs ....
or of this Municipal Corporation for releive him of further responsibility of Secret ary I re isurer s salary . .
the obligations he formerly did assume IGntal of Secretary s m;e
Premium on Secretary » bond Rent of council chamber .... Rental of phone in Registrar’s
office..................
Audit Fee ...................
Grant to Pontiac Community Hospital, Shawville Grant t<» Pontiac Plowmen’s
Association ............
Grants to Agronomists, re.
Secretary's salaries . .. Grants to Women’s Institutes re Home Improvement.. Postage, printing, stationary,
Sundry expenditures..........
Total..................

8 00
x
M
s


\
X
BÇ
x

X]
B
X
Wednesday, April 3rd

—Dairy Cattle Judging Demonstration, by Dr. C. D
1 15

Mackenzie.
Dairy Cattle Judging Competition Pasture Improvement by C B. Dalton
Feeding for Economical Milk Production by Dr C. D Mackenzie,
1 30 1
J. Li. HODGINS

X
3 15
I 00
Phone 64-J.


Z1Z1ZU

Thursday, April 4th
Mr. E. C. Lawn, M.L A., mayor of Campbell’s Bay rises to report to Council on the progress he had thus far with the different matter which Council had previously brought to his attention for disposal, tie mentions that Colonization Grants will be made to poor Municipalities as in the past, enumerates sevtral local connecting roads which he hopes to receive moneys for their improvement and explains >hat has been dune towards expediting progress in both the Teiuiskaming and Kazabazua road projects ; following Mr. Lawn’s remarks, it was moved by Crs McLellan and Racine, that the Municipal Council of the County of Pontiac, urge upon the Minister of Hoads, Quebec, to give his very-best assistance to the road projects in the County of Pontiac which Mr. Lawn lias for action in the near future.
Cr. Kennedy, of South Onslow, presses for a concerted action on the part of
matter is referred back tu the discussion ni'u‘‘j * > ^rs- Pj’^son and Ponpoie. on the sune subject, had at the Decern- th/lt tl,e ^cretary he herewith authoriz-her session of Council, when, in a re- ™ to pay Arthur Label le, auditor, lus solution, duly adopted, council with- |et‘ .r,l le 1 !>,*!> an,hr, viz $15.00.— drew and cancelled all and any connec- bymed.	.
tion it may have h id with the sud h r> Kennedy and R.irine nv ved that
Tourist Bureau, and wherein also, the -ol grants votei. in the present year’s
levy, destined for agricultural fairs, short courses in agriculture, garden
1 13 1
Sheep Judging Demonstration by It K Bennett —Sheep Judging Competition.
—Swine Judging Demonstration.
—Swine Competition
—Lecture on Swine Production by It. K Dennett.
1 3U
2 15 “
2 :3C
3 .‘30 “
Warden is instructed to seek legal ad
vise on this matter if found necessary,	. .	,	,
in view of the present correspondence, C0.n!^tVVons,an' P-owing m itches, be
Council deems it advisable for the	J ^ e secretary for payment
until after the actual holding cf these
said various events.—Carried.
Vr. Kennedy again takes up the matter of providing snow fe winter roads and invite-» further discussion by Council and moves seconded by McLellan, that it is the intention of several of the Municipalities through which Highway No. h passes t certain measures whereby a concerted eff at will le made towards keeping the said highway open fur winter months and in connection with the said effort, the council of the county r.f Pontiac herewith concurs and requests the 1 representative in the Legislature, Mr Lawn, to obtain whatever information he can and secure whatever assistance may he available fur such% such a project of keeping winter roads open and th it a copy of this resolution be forwarded Mr. Lawn and the v tv/v
Friday, April 5th
. —Lecture—Power and Tillage Kquipitfent for the Young Man Starting Fanning Illustrated by Slides by Prof. L. (J Heim pel. -Laboratory Period Gasoline Engine*.
—	Lecture—Farm Electrification by L. U. Hcimpel
—	Di*cu-s:on-Speaker to be announced.
—	Pub'ic Address—Speaket to be announced.
De bat
1 30 p.m
Warden tn now consult competent legal counsel to determine Council* position.
Pursuant to the motion made by Councillor Pleau at the last quarterly session, Council now takes up the matter of levying a rate of taxation for the year, 1940. Various estimates to cover requests before Council are discussed and included in the dr.ifc of the tax bylaw, it is moved by Crs Pleau and McLellan, that By-law No. si of this Municipality to levy the County rate for the current year, 1940, be now introduced and read a first time—
Carried.
It is resolved, enacted and ordained by By-law of this Council, as follows:—
A By-law to levy by assessment the sum of three thousand two hundred and sixty six dollars and eighty five cents, to defray the rrfces.sary expenses
and outlay of this municipal council of council the county of I
carried.
The Warden advises Council that e-rS9- during the past few minutes, life
deliberation* of theVouncil have been jA UL followed with interest by Mr. Jos. K Piclie, of Tetnisk lining. Indépendant Liberal candidate in the present Federal Election and with councils permission he invites Mr. Piclie tn come forward j and address the council ; Mr. Piclie came forward and in a few words thank l ed the Warden and Council for their greeting, assured them of the pleasure in again meeting many o’d acquainted anccs, sketched the present political campaign in this county, and withdrew with expressions of goodwill t> the unty of Pontiac from the county of Temiskammg.
Motion by McCann and Pleau, that this meeting do now adjourn.
L S. McNally
2	15
3	15

ccs for
\ 15
i
8 00
Resolved that a regular Truck and Hus Sy-tem <houh) be Substituted ill Pontiac by the Canadian Pacific Railway for the existing branch railway line Cups Trophies and Prize*.
initiate
Awarding of Conclusion of
Cum *
c i
Subjects for Five minute Speeches
Contestants. 14 years and under
?
»
?
fur
1T« .)
1 - My Im prenions of thj? Royal Tram 2-My Favorite Farm Animal.
> — Vegetable Gardening.
Farm (

4—Ti 5 —My Hobby.
0 -The Farm Poultry Flock
ntiac
ore*
the County of Pontiac for the current year, 1940, to wit
Contestants 15 to 20 years, inclusive
1—	The Royal Vi*it of 1930.
2— Rural Recreation.	*
3 - Song Birds
4—	Farm Bookkeeping.
•V Keeping our Main Roads Open in the Wintei
0—	'The Rural Problem.
Contestants 21 to 25, inclusive
1—	How i Cmn Help Win the War.
2—	Adult Education.
•*>-Exploiting out Agricultural Possibilities,
1 -What I Expect from the Farm.
5—	Efficiency on the Farm, fl—Bacon Hog Production.
t
300 00 150 00
400 OU 20 00 10 oo
35 OO
am,
S
<
:
the ensuing year, 1040.—Carried
The Sec-Treas. then submits the I Secretary-Treasurer of this Council.
It was moved by l is Poisson and
Brinksworth, that the Municipal Coun-
1
financial statement of the former Sec.
Treas, Dr. H. T, Hardman and th.	n ,
Auditor’s report for the same period, the Y ° the County of 1 ontiac have taken
financial year ending Dec. 31st, 1939, I due cognizance of the report audit
which showed total receipts of $3714.48 I !!,e.	Municipa.ity as
and total disbursements of $3110.26, a I administered by 11 r. Hurdman, M.l>. cash balance of 8604 22 and uncollected 1 f°ru'er Secrelai)-- Treasurer, and in view taxes, $317.43 ; assets of 821:2.1', ; ?f «*« ^tisfactory stMe of aff.irs there-
liabilities oif 8120.00, all as at the 31m I1"	|lcre"1!,1 ,r.e e'ses Hie mud
Dec., 1039: when it was moved bv f. Hurdman, M. L>, from	all and
Crs Kennedy-Poisson, that the report of an>’of ,hc responsibilities lie	had as
audit for the year, 1939, prepared and secretary-treasurer of this Municipal submitted by Mr. Arthur Libel I, audit | Corporation throughout an honorable or, be herewith approved and accepted ' lfrm thirty-five )ears as Secretary of as read-Carried.	the County and that a copy of this
Council next takes up the correspon- %,d resolution be forwarded to Dr. \\ hereas it.. exped,en and necessary deuce received since the last quarterly Hurdman-Carried	to levy the said sunt of three thousand
session, amongst which is advise from Lr. McLellan rises to remind Council two hundred and s.xty-six dollars and the Provincial Department of Health, ! tlhat m his opimon i becomes almost a	e.ghty-hve cents	to defray the necessary
of the final disposition by the Attorney du,y of this Council to fittingly	express	expense	and	outlay	nf	the	Municipal
General, of the levying of the cost of ' !°fD,r' «"rdman, the appreciation tha Council of the County of Pontiac for maintenance of one Wn, Beyore, insane. »? .fel*. b>' ,t,lle, '"dividual members of the current year, 1940 ; the said sum of in the hospital at Bordeaux, against the '!"* Council, for the services so eft.- three thousand two hundred and sixty-Municipality of Sheen, Esher, etc.; a ««"«>* and carefully rendered the six dollars and eighty dive cents is rpni y from P () Goulet MLA Tem-1 County by Dr. Hurdman throughout hereby levied by a rate of one-third of Lkaming to a cômmüni^Uon tn hin, his long years of service in the employ one mil. on the dollar, on each and from the former secretary. H. T. Hurd . "‘c County Crs McLellan and every dollar of taxable property men-man. in connection with the proposed ^'»»on m°ved ,hllt Uar the, tinned and a,sessed in the valuation Pontiae-Temiskaming road; a com Secretary-1 reasurer the Mayor of roll, of <ach of the several rural end munication from: L. H. Hamilton Campbell s Bay the Mayor of Litch- village mimic palmes comprising this Director of Diploma Courses, Macdun ^eld, be and are herewith appointed a County Corporation of Lmtiac as aid College, enclosing receipt for gran, commit ee to arrange a suitable test,- revised equalized homologated and in from this Council to Pontiac students,	10 Dr. Hurdman, former secre- force for County purposes, for the
enrolled in Diploma course in Agricnl- 'arydreasurer.-Carried.	purposes above set forth and mentioned.
dis6 ofTnTlowCSoutnh and' Campbell’s munication from Dr dean Louis Faille, The By Law No 81, as set forth, was
SSSTwFs	iSpHis
No. S, open for traffic during winter "*'-ft for future consideration ; -Hows time.-Carried.
ESiSSs S::
rtedhs:*r£rt &	1 ;....
16 00 15 00
500 00
v<>
100 00
200 00
:
25 00 100 00 197 60 $3266 85
PRIZES
Sec -Tre is
i
1st—Silver Trophy, donated by the Agronomist, to the student with the highest aggregate score in the course.
(For Annual Competition.)
2nd—Silver Cup, donated by Shawville Creamery, to the student with the highest aggregate score in Livestock Judging. (For Annual Competitions).
3rd—Silver Cup, donated by Shawville Milling Company to
the student with the highest aggregate score in Seed Judging. (For Annual Competition.)
4th-Two Entrance and Grand Stand Admission Ticket# offered by the Central Canada Exhibition, to the two highest students in the course.
5th-Silver Comport, donated by the T. Eaton Co , Ltd., to
the student with the second highest aggregate standing in the course.
Wilson’s Garage
The Same Reliable Service
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Ford Service
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
J. P. Wilson
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
Oth-Parker Fountain Pen, donated by the Robeit Simpson
Co., Ltd,, to the student with the third highest aggre-
gate standing in the course.
Till — Usual Cash Prizes will be paid
FOR SALE
For further particulars apply to
M Tile-Lap " Sheets G vanlzed Steel i Roofing or<* In ary and Council Standard I ri lg. and rafter lengths for esti
N. A, DRUMMOND, Agronomist LORNE ARMSRONG,
President
rhe By J.*wt 81 was duly read a third id adopted. .	|
The secretary then presents the Bill This ' of Arthur La be lie, auditor, and it is
e.
i
R W. HODGINS, Sec.-Treas.
STEPN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd
Util» Delorlmler Avenue
Montreal. Quebec:




/
###PAGE###5###

I
jM* " T	*f * ¦a- %aêA VLÉAÈjLJLâà 4^ * * *¦,Ti ** * * * ff ^	ScrvicG Announce in 6 n t

i The Equity
March Specials
SîfAW V1U,K U SITED C/lUmCH
Rev A. F. Fokks H. A., B.D. PasU»
Sunday, March 24
Easter Sunday
Service at Shaw ville
DALE’S TINSHOP
Established 1883
PUUMSHKD EVERYTHURHDAY AT
dHAWVILLE, QUEBEC
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
annual subscription
$1.50
11.00 a. m 1.30 p.m.—Service at Zion
3 30 p.m.—Service at Stark’s Corners
Sermon Subject : “The Conquering
Christ”.
Anywhere in Ciuiadft To United States..

Men’s Fancy Socks
2.00
i
Maple Syrup Requirements

All arrears must be paid In full before any paper Is discontinued
Assorted Colours
Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment ? If not, do so now ! we can supply you with ;
Sap Cans,
Maple Syrup Cans Spoils,
7.30 p.m —Service at Shawville.
Sermon Subject : “If Christ be not
Risen”.

VV. 0. COW AN, PUBLISHER
and Designs
19e
Bristol United Church Rkv. C. Armstrong-Sa les, B. D
Farm For Sale

Pans, all sizes Evaporators Iron Coolers
(7W
m
w
w
Sunday, March 24 Special Easter Day Service Sr. Andrews
100 acres of good clay loam, all in hay, fair building*, good water, clone to school, butter and cheese factory. Easy Tcimx. AlhO a quantity of pressed hay.
Apyly to
PETER WILSON, Cobden, Ont.
A

Misses and Childrens School Hose
Colours, Sand & Camel Sizes, 5 to 84
Service at Sunday School Service at Service at
fiie Victory of the Cross
10 30 11.30
¥
Knox,
Austin

2.30

7.30
19c
z
LESLIE DALE

Misses and Childrens Silk and Wool Hose
Colours, Sand & Camel Sizes, 5 to
Shawville,
Quebec

ANGLICAN St. Paul’s
Sunday, March 24 8.00 a m.—Holy Communion
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m —Holy Communion 7 30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Week Servk fs
Each evening at 8.00 o'clock ex cept Friday and Saturday.
Good Friday
Three hour service from 12 noon ‘	to 3.0o p m,
St. Lukb’h Easter Day
9.00	a m. —Holy Communion
Holy Trinity Easter Day
2 00 p m—Holy Communion Good Friday, Service at 8.00 p m.

BRAY CHICKS

jifSJSJSJSfiOfSlS/SJBlSIBIBJBlSiSJSJSJSiSiS/SJSJ 2d5I5JBJ5jfE/B."SJ5JSJ5J9/BJ5j5j5/51BfSJSf5«S
*

25c
pn^.
a
Certified Chicks
Girls’ Silk Hose
Light Shades Special .........
Why write letters and send money orders? Order your Bray Chicks through m prompt delivery
Shawville Co-operative Hatchery
B. T. STARK, Manager
personal attention,
25c
C. Harold Boulton
g Women’s Slips, Pink snd White, Good
*	...	.____c,_______
Bristol Egg & Poultry Association BRISTOL . QUEBEC
Shawville,
Quebec
75c
quality. Assorted Sizes
3
All the flocks are blood-tested and under the Quebec Government Inspection.
Eggs must weigh at least 2 ounces each.
Our chicks are issued from vigorous birds of standard size and selected for egg production
3
1	Women’s Silk Panties Assorted Colors
I
2	and Sizes. Special ................
H
I l--
j	Easter Draperies
$ Curtain Scrim, 40 inches wide, Green
and Yellow Dots, Special per yard
1	White Dotted Curtain Muslin, 40 inches
5 wide, Special per yard ..................
; Silk Curtain Material, 36 inches wide
3	Ecru Shade, per yard ..............«..
2	Drapery Chints, 36 inches- wide, Fancy
Colours, per yard....................
IS ,__
2	Dress Good Department
English Prints, first quality goods only, 36 5	wide. Special per yard ..........
3	Fancy Colored Broadcloth, 36 ins. wide per yard
H Plain Colored Broadcloths, 36 ins. wide, assorted colours, per yard ..................
3 Plain Blue, Brown and Black Silk Crepe g	wide. Special per yard
3 Black Silk Crepe, good quality, 44 inches wide
IS

25c
Cooper’s Concentrated fj Warble Fly Powder
Par ran of North Clarendon Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge
Sunday, March 24
E i? ter Day Chartei is, Holy Communion 10.30
2.30
BREEDS
Barred-Plymouth Rock — White Leghorn — New Hampshire
19c



For the destruction of warble maggots in cattle
Chicks will be available on the
following Dates.

Greer mo tint *
19c E
25c fi
Thorne Centre. Evensong in Ladysmith Hall at......
6
7 00
$12.00 per 100 12 00 “ " 11.00 “ “ 10 00 “ “
March. 25 and 28..............
April 1, 4, 8, 11, 15, L8, 22, 25, 21)
May 2. 6, 9..................
13, 16, 20. 23 .........
27 and 30...............
June 3, (3, 10, 13, 17, 20, 24, 27..
For White Leghorns $1.00 less per 100 than above prices
Order Early—Many hatches already partly ordered. To avoid
Disappointment Order Today
Robert H E. Smith
Cooper s Dry Kill for
vermin
&
The death occurred at Shawville. Que , on Feb. 12th, of Robert Hugh Edmund Smith, youngest son of the late Robert Smith and hD wife, Maria Erwin.
The deceased was in his 08th year and was born in Thorne town-hip where lie resided until a few months previous to his death, which was due to natural causes.
He leaves to mourn his loss, one sister and one brother, Mrs. Ida Anderson, Shawville, and William 19C t4 John Smith, of Fort William, Ont., El also a number of nieces and neph H|ew«.	:
CE- Hi Tiie funeral service was held on ODw/ g Feb 14th, at the funeral home of W. J, Hayes & Son, and was con •50 g ducted by Rev. K (_\ Holton
Jj! ferment was made fn the family E plot in St Matthew’s Church cem-E etery at Chartevi-, Que. The pall-g bearers were, Messrs. R. A. Hod-E i gins, James McCord. John Judd, g Gerald Ling, Clifford Schwartz g : and Neil Snarling As Floral tributes were received E from the following : — Mrs. Ida E Anderson, Mr. and Mrs. Harold N Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Mer I Cleary. Mi-s Ruby Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Kyle Smiley and the family jy of the late Mr. and Mrs. George 2 Smith.
;
25c k
9.00
44
£
3
3 00
E
THE CORNER STORE
ins
19c g 25c È
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and CentreSts
SHAWVILLE. - QUE.
È
ft

, 36 ins
ESTABLISHED 1883
• • •
• •
• • • •
COACH
111
INVALID
3
Rog 6. Fraser
;
GROCERY DEPARTMENT
;
GEORGE HYNES & SON
.07
Giant Gar Laundry Soap ............
Dundurn Plum .Tam large size bottle
Newport Fluffs with tumbler........
Boxes Com Flakes with bowl........
Robin Hood Wafer Flakes.............
White Swan Wheat Flakes............
I
Flowers, Gifts, Novelties
.25
Directors of Funeral Service
RENFREW. ONT.
.25
Box 886
.25
Phone 160
:
.15
Shawville, Que.

M
*
)
.25
5
Phone 80
E
Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our business. We in vite your patronage orders of $1.00 or over, phone us collect $5.00 or over phene us collect and-we shall prepay.


Un
In Memoriam
V

On orders of
In loving memory of our dear daughter, Freida, Mrs. Emery Benedict, who died March 20tb, 1932.
Eight years have passed since Freida died, and though time swiftly Mies, Loves sweetest memory never dies.
___________________________________________ , There’s a sad but sweet remembrence,
—	®	—---- -	i There’s s memory fond and true,
333333333333333353533553333533353533333333333333333% | There's a token of affection:
j And heartache still for you.
Always remembered by
Father and Mother Sister and Brothers.
MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
; Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited g
Phone anytime between 7am
and 11 p.m.
# •
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
I •
The Hodgins’ Lumber Co.
25c
Pure Lard, 2 pounds White Beans, 5 pounds Rolled Oats, 5 pounds
Black Tea, ^ pound....
Soap Chips, 3 pounds..
Jelly Powders, 5 for ..
Ivory Flour, 7 pounds,., lied & White Biking Powder, per tin
Prunes, 2 pounds..............
Soda Biscuits, 2 pounds.......
Pickles, sweet, per jar.......
Figs, 2 pounds................
Tapioco, 2 pounds ............
Sago, 2 pounds R ie, choice quality, 3 pounds
Corn meal, 5 pounds......
Health Bran, 2 packages
Oranges, per dozen ......
Grapefruit. 6 for
• e •
••••••
25c
25c
Look Here
.	25c
In loving memory of a dear mother, Mrs. James Wilson, who departed this life March 18, 1939,
Deep in our hearts you are fondly remembered,
Sweet happy memories cling around your name ;
True hearts that loved you with deepest affection ;
Always will love you ic death the same
Ever remembered by
Hartwell and Elsie
CUSTOM SAWING
25c
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost ole.
••••••••
25c
We are now delivering Mill Wood. Place your order now.
25c
O
25c
FOR SALE—Six Rend Good Cattle One Young Horse. J as. J. Graham Wyinan. Que
25c
Saw-Logs Wanted
25c
WANTED—Ward maid for mornings Apply at Pontiac Community Hospital Shawville.
25c
We are now in the market for all kinds of Saw Logs. Cash paid on delivery ; and have a special market for Elm Logs in 6, 8 and 11 foot lengths.
Phone 27
&
25c
V
FARM FOR SALB-Lot No. 0 1). on the 4th Range of the Township of Clarendon, containing 00 acres, more or less. Eight-roomed brick house. New barn. Apply to n#NAi.D Fraser, 304 Wa verity Street, Ottawa. Ont. %
N
25c
\
I
House For Sale
\
25c
i
\
*»»#*#######
• •

25c
Comfortable dwelling house on Young Street, Shawville, East of Exhibition | | I‘ark. Building nine years old. full Si interior finished, semi bungalo type, six | large rooms w ith summer kitchen and j out buildings
j i <* price for cash. Apply to,
A.
Shawville, Que.
X
FOR RENT—Well improved farm, 4 miles south of Shawville. near School and C N R. Station. Apply to CLAlfpK IIornkr, Box USl, Noranda, Que.
25c
• • e
25c
THE HODiilNS’ LUMBER COMPANY
25c
Will be sold at reason
FOR SALE or RENT-Bftke Shop and Dwr11lug for rent or sale, or would ex change for suitable far*) property. For r terms and particulars apply to the owner. HENRY S. DALE, opposite High School, ShawvMJe. Que.
25c
Quebec
Shawville,
5 31 rA 3 3 fjQP5 !
*# » *
«
VLone—24- j

ZiZZiZi/fZIZV - z« Z ' z
izizizizizwiziyizizizi/
ziziz^ziziy.zi/t/
###PAGE###6###


Terrier Carries
Phone Number
Boys don’t appreciate waiting too long for a girl when they call date. They generally arc not impressed by that long wait which is supposed to impress.
The girl should be able to talk intelligently about civic affairs or affairs of the campus—at least say “yes” and “no” with some understanding.
FARM
NOTES
American Peace Envoy Sumner Welles Arrives In Berlin
Sunday
School
Lesson

on n
â
An animal-lover of Houston, Texas, has painted his telephone number on the sides of his fox-terrier, which has developed straying habits.
/
Soil Lacking
In Chemicals
t
s
:

80 Per Cent Deficient in Phosphate» and 50 Per Cent In Potash York County Survey Shows—6G4 Farms Tested
P
By William Ferguson
This Curious World
York County Agricultural committee has just disclosed that the recently conducted soil survey of f»Gl farms throughout the' county had uncovered a deficiency in phosphates in 80 per cent of them and petash in 50 per cent.
Council adopted a resolution to continue the survey in 1040 and commended Ontario Agricultural College surveyors for the excellent work accomplished. From the G64 farms some 2.700 samples were taken and examined at the college.
WILL REPLENISH LIME "Interim reports showed that most of the samples contained sufficient lime,” declared Reeve W. H. Pugsley of Sutton ‘‘while 80 per cent showed a deficiency of phosphates. This is to bt^ expected in a milk producing area.”
Plans were discussed to replenish the lands with phosphates and potash, the work to commence within the very near future.
Council also gave approval ?<> a continuance of the potato pro gramme begun in 1030. The plan is to provide better potato crops for York County to compete with the maritime potato crop.
LESSON XI


\%
THROUGH SACRIFICE, thew 26: 57
PRINTED TEXT, Matt. 27: 33-50.
GOLDEN TEXT.—He wa» despised, and rejected of men; a man of sorrow», and acquainted with grief. I»a. 53: 3.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time.—From very early Friday morning, April 7, perhaps as early as 1 a.m., to 3 p.m. the same afternoon, when Christ expired.
Place—All these events took place in or immediately adjacent to Jerusalem: the first trial was in the palace of the high priest, where also the denial of Peter occurred; the trial before Pilate took place in the palace of the governor; whereas the crucifixion itself occurred at a place called Golgotha, which must have been outside the city wall.
Pilate made many attempts to escape from the crime of condemning Christ, but eventually allowed the mob choice to rule.
Mat-
Vx

27: 56.

\
Z
z
I
i 9	\AvS
£

i


Zy
as


1

«
/
a
HAWK'S-BILL
•


FREQUENTLY ARE.
RELEASED AFTER THE
PLATES, KNOWN ON THE MARKET AS
32T
/Ste
BLOOD
"7TDf5.ro/SE -SHEi-U“ ARE REMOVED/ THEORY HAS IT THAT THE TURTLE GROWS A NEW SET OF SHIELDS TO REPLACE THOSE
<
OF

INSECTS
IS EITHER, C?Æ£i£7V

OR
IT HAS LOST.
yELLOM
9
o
COPR. 1937 •Y NEA ttftVlCK. MC
> •»
/
Sumner Welles, LEFT, President Roosevelt’s emissary to the warring nations of Europe is shown as he arrived in Berlin for a conference with Chancellor Hitler, Foreign Minister Von Ribbentrop and Field Goering. Welles was greeted upon his arrival by Baron Ernest Von Weizseecker, secretary of etste in the Nazi foreign office. Von Ribbentrop is reported to have bluntly told Welles that Germany is determined to continue the war until British “plutocracy” is broken.
On Calvary
Before Christ was crucified on Calvary, he was mistreated by Roman soldiers. Matt. 27: 88. And when they were come unto » place called Golgotha, that is te say, The place of a skull 84. They gave him wine to drink mingled with gall; and when he had tasted it, he would not drink. The bitter gall had a narcotic and stupefying effect, deadening the sense of pain. Jesus desired to drink to the full “the cup” from his Father’s hands. 35. And when they had crucified him, they parted his garments among them, casting lots; 36. and they sat and watched him there. The victim died a slow, agonizing death. His garments were the perquisites of the crucifiers. The soldiers, keeping up the sport, divided out the various articles by casting lots grim spectacle.




Gardening
¦GARTH'S CRUST
RISES AND FALLS ABOUT AWE" /AJCHE& WITH THE GRAVITATIONAL A
PULL OF THE
MOON.
MPpi
v>. ,jdL.
i*
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
MOST FOR MONEY Every foot of space must count in the small vegetable plot. Rows are narrow, and as one vegetable is used another takes its place. Only the most productive things are planted, like beans, radish, lettuce and spinach, and also those which have a flavor all their own when taken from the garden at the door. In this category will be peas and corn, never as sweet and fresh as when picked, cooked and eaten within an hour.
Small vegetables like lettuce and radish require rows oqly 12 inches apart. Beets, beans, carrots, peas and spinach need at least 16 inches between, while potatoes, corn and staked tomatoes must have a couple cf feet to thirty inches. Space may be saved with the latter type if something quickmaturing such as lettuce and spinach are planted in between. The bigger things will not need the full room at first, and by the time they do the early crops will be out of the way. Tender vegetables are those which are grown quickly, therefore the experts force theirs along with chemical fertilizer, cultivation and, if possible, water.
HANDLE WITH CARE
Nursery stock, which is the technical name for shrubbery, fruit trees, roses and vines should be secured from a reputable source and one that is familiar with and caters to Canadian conditions. Good stock is pliable, green and shows plenty of live buds. Roots are moist and well wrapped to exclude the air.
Nursery stock should be planted as soon as the soil is fit to work and if purchased before this time or if inconvenient to plant, roots should be temporarily covered with moist earth or plants should be stored in a cool, dark cellai and roots kept moist.
days, save thyself: if thou art the Son of God, come down from the cross. 41. In like manner also the chief priests mocking him, with the scribes and elders, said, 42. He saved others ; himself he cannot save. He is the King of Israel; let him now come down from the cross, and we will believe on him. 43. He trusteth on God; let him deliver him now, if he desireth him: for he said, I am the Son of God. 44. And the robbers also that were crucified with him cast upon him the same reproach. Perhaps this is Satan’s last temptation of Christ ; but no evidence would have convinced the hearts of these railers, hardened in their unbelief.
head his accusation written, THIS IS THE KING OF THE JEWS. This inscription, as John informs us, was written in Hebrew, Latin and Greek. Every criminal at that time had nailed over the cross on which he was crucified a brief phrase indicating the charge for which he was put to death. 38. Then are there crucified with him two robbers, one on the right hand and one on the left. The two robbers may have been connected in crime with Barabbas; they were impenitent. 39. And they that passed by railed on him, wagging their heads, 40. and saying, Thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three
L<
COMMERCIAL “tortoise-shell” is removed from the hawk's-bill turtle's shell by heating it, which causes it to peel. The theory that the material will grow hack Is not entirely correct, since the new growth is only a thin veneer, and of no commercial value,
NEXT: Can trees manufacture starch In the dark?
FLYING MAMMAL

a
Answer to Previous Puzzle
On The Cross
HORIZONTAL
1 Pictured flying mammal.
4 It is the only mammal of true flight.
9 Rootstock,
11	Before.
12	Cavity.
13	Fertilizers.
15	Writing fluids.
16	Exalted with confidence.
12 It
s in
W s Er
37. And they set up over his
A
AiG
W I

itiaiti Wi
At The Ninth Hour 45. Now from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land until the ninth hour. The dense darkness could not have been an eclipse of the sun. Rather it preceded the earthquake which came very shortly. 4G. And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is, My God, my God, why hast thou forsake me? There were seven short sentences uttered at different times by the Lord as he hung upon the cross, generally known as the seven words from the cross. Matthew mentions only one of them, the fourth. This is one of the pro-foundest, most mysterious passages in all of the New Testament; and no exposition of it can ever be thought to be complete and final. It was the cry of a soul at the uttermost of sin, and the uttermost of sorrow, and a «oui in the presence of mystery.
47. And some of them that stood there, when they heard it, said, this man callcth Elijah. 48. And straightway one of them ran, and took a sponge, and filled it with vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him to drink. 49. And the rest said, Let be; let us see whether Elijah comvth to save him. The giand figure which Elijah made in history, and the promise of his coming in Mai. 4: 5, caused him to stand out in the Jewish mind as the greatest of the prophets. 50. And Jesus cried again with a loud voice, and yielded up his spirit.
19 Tailor's tool,
21	To degrade.
22	Wagers.
*23 Yellowish*
(N
RADIO REPORTER
A
FRANCIS
TEDjÂi
I C O NgTA
oorjfmXQ
ilw i uy
SCOTT
i
gray.
24 Marine
_ mammal,
Mf(j 25 Every.
26 To ogle.
By DAVE ROBBINS
L

r
and slapped it on the strains of "You Grow Sweeter as the Years Rolls By,” followed the Hitler barrage. Now they call it Hitler's theme song!
* • •
The Week's Entertainment Mar. 16, 2 p m. CBL Metropli-tan Opera . . 7.30 p.m. CFRB Dominion Election Broad. . . 9 p.m. CBL Hockey, Toronto Maple Leafs vs. New York Americans . . . 10 p.m. CBY Toscanini conducts his first concert Spring series with NBC orchestra ... 11 p.m. CFRB Dominion Election Broadcast . . . March 17, CFRB, 3 p.m. N. Y. Phil. Orch. . . . 4.30 p.m. CFRB Pursuit of Happiness . . .
6.30	p.m. CBL R. K. Sandwell reviews the week's news . . . 6.50 p.m. CBL "St. Patrick was a Gentleman” . . . 8.00 p.m. CBL Chase and Sanborn Hour . . .
8.30	p.m. CBL "One Man’s Family” . . . March 18, 12.30 p.m. CBL Ontario Farm Broadcast . . . 4.15 p.m. CBL Dominion Election Broadcast ... 9 p.m. CBI. With the Troops in England . . . 10.45 p.m. CBL Dominion Election Broadcast . . . March 19, 8.30 p.m. CBL Information Please p.m. CBL Fibber McGee and Molly ... 10 p.m. CBL Toronto Mendelssohn Choir . . . 10.30 p.m. CBL Dom Election Broadcast . . . March 20, 4.15 p.m. CBL Dominion Election Broadcast ... 9 p.m. CBL Dom. Election Broadcast . .
. . . 10.45 p.m. CBL Dominion Election Broadcast . . . March 21, 9.00 p.m. CBL Dominion Election Broadcast ... 10 p.m. CRT, Kraft Music Hal! . . .
and suddenly
ONTARIO TOWNS ON AIR
A new departure in radio programs was made last Thura. night at 6:46 over CROC, Hamilton, when the small towns of Ontario went on the air . . . one each week. Announced by the "Town Crier”, they pass before the mike in newsy review . . . happenings of interest as seen through the local newspaper, choice bits of information about the locality in question . . . Here’s your chance to learn more about “Main Street” Ontario, or hear your own town achieve radio fame.
rs
L
S
27 It
its
SURU
largest size in warm climates.
29 Dyestuff.
31 Black vulture. 33 To ascend.
39	To leave out
40	To choose.
43 Back of foot 45 Pitcher.
48 Three.
50	Not (prefix),
51	Fabulous bird 53 Hastened,
55 Court.
57 Runic.
Y
17	To exist.
18	Being.
20 Paid publicity 42 Palm lily tree.
43	Dress edge.
44	Sheltered place.
46	Tone B.
47	Grafted.
41 Inlet.
59 it is--in
habit.
VERTICAL
2 To make amends.
»
»
22 Food.
24 To rob.
28 Administrative officer.
30 To regret.
32 To cry like a 49 To habituate. 4 Company.
5	Bell sound.
6	Tapestry.
7	Girdle.
8	Sound of . inquiry.
10 Modesty.
3 To chatter.
sheep.
34	Famous.
35	Constellation.
36	Vigilant.
37	Onager.
38	Small lobes.
52 Small bird. 54 Right-hand page.
56 Tubular sheath.
58 Culpability.

*
CRAZY ABOUT QUIZZES
According to the wavering weathervane of public appeal, those patriarchal programs known aa “quizz shows” are losing none of their glamour with the passage of the years. At the moment quizz programs are heard from every station and the public certainly likes them. At the moment, in our opinion there are four outstanding quizz programs that are worth your time win a dollar or two. There’s Information Please and WEAF-Red on Tuesday nights at 8.30 also Tuesdays CFRB offers Treasure Trail at 9.30 . . . then Kay Kyser’a College of Musical Knowledge on Wednesday nights at ten from the national chain is smartly done ... Dr. Query from CROC on Fridays at 8.30 brings the lad to the air who originated the idea in Western Canada.
2
7
>

I
X -
I

2

1


A
5
16
E-1

;
I
Some Pet Peeves Of College Boys

23
24
25
26
27
and you might even

29
3
- •
W' *w
35
Alfred (N.Y.) University boys disapprove of girls with “sloppy” hair and very brilliant fingernails, according to a discussion held at the college.	,
A girl’s dress and poise make the first impression on a boy, the round-table discussion revealed. Other suggestions were:
A “good personality” means more than “good dancing.” Boys seem to think that dancing can be learned.
9.30
and
38 39
4
F
2
3
15
46
49
7
46
5I
52
xNazi tourist posters of a few months ago reading “Visit Mediaeval Germany” are being cherished by London patriots who declare the message to be “mere truthful than intended.”
54
56
6S
L
Queen Wilbelmina of Holland and President Roosevelt join in praise of Church*and missionaries during an hour-and-a-half program dedicated to the cause of world peace and broadcast throughout the world over Columbia’s nationwide network and its international shortwave stations Saturday, March 16, from 2.00 to
3.30 p.m. EST.
* * <
NEW THEME SONG The laugh of the week in the radio world came from an NBC station the other Saturday after friend Adolf Hitler had just finished one of his noisy harangues. Der Fuehrer had been louder and more vulgar than usual . . . but he unexpectedly finished two minutes ahead of schedule, and the station in question had to put on a record for a fill. The operator grabbed the first record at hand
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP — The Fire-Eater

;
fmS	----^
9 y ¦ * >
{ XxV
YOU MUST Bl- PUTTING TH& WRONG END IN YOUR MOUTH/

A—
NEVER BURN MY "TONGUE !
CIGARETTES
Jk

%

?
«
r
• •

/p

i


¦imm
N
0 m
K


mam
m

6%
1


mm


>nr
/v.
ÉÊmM1
r«w6v.


*v
mz.

J


WMa
%




3 L


I.- Hr'l HyUical*. Itr.iM’i
* 'A
A V,
#A#**• *****
###PAGE###7###
* #
Q. Should the silver be placed with the ends about three or four Inches from the edge of the table?
A. No. The ends of the silver should be only a half Inch to an Inch from the edge of the table.
Q. When a man la introduced to a girl at a dance, Is he supposed to ask her to dance?
A. Yes.
••
• .it*
• •
Modern
Etiquette
HEALT TOPICS
*
i :
ai
WHAT CHEW HAS THE MOST FLAVOUR?
11111
I
R#
I
I
?


8 V RUB h K I A Lfc.tr
?
EAT DOMESTIC FRUfT A perfect diet, rich in all the protective foods, Is obtainable in Canada at all seasons without resort to Imported fruits or vegetables. This is the finding of leading Canadian nutritionists and is being cited by those concerned with the increasing consumption of American fresh fruits.
Canned Canadian veg been proven to li and mineral content t etables Imported long from the southern state
Q. If a girl who is to be married has no father, but would like to have her mother take some part In the ceremony, couldn't she have her for maid of honor or a brides-ir * id ?
A. No; but she ran have her mother "give her away".
Q. Isn't it rude to unwrap a box of candy, while at the theatre and the show Is in progress?
A. Yes, it is not only rude, but in-e, as the rustling of the paper cannot fall to annoy others.
Q. At a buffet meal should the
Ives or wait

ï*
Gold production in Canada during the first ten months of 1939 amounted to 4,235,880 ounces compared with 3,877,239 ounces in the corresponding period of 1938, and 3,380,735 ounces in 1937.
»•
5éé
\

THAT'S EASY

y
-s


«nr

BIG BEN!
aides have
or vitamin veg-(11 tances

1V0 illj
Exports of planks and boards from Canada during the first eleven months of 1939 amounted to 1,903 million feet, a gain of 30 per cent over the same period of 1938.
null Li *
consul
/ y
%
/
tl
GOOD COLD REMEDY Hot drinks, warm clothing and hot applications Lave been found to be most effective in overcoming the ravages of the cold germ. That is no doubt why the mustard foot bath is so favor'd. Two or three tablespoons of dry mustard, mixed with a little cold water, and then added to the bathwater has been found to be efficacious in helping anyone to overcome a cold. If, apter remaining in the bath until the shin begins to tingle pleasantly, une takes a good rub-down and them id-lira to bod, there is usually a good deal of relief in the morning.
women
for their escorts to bring them their plates?
A. The women should serve them •elves.
MÈNTHOLATUM

»
ftWs COMFORT Daily
I
I

. mthaa
Itch Fast
____________ __________^ -wNoiiyBà
For quick relief from itching of ecsema, pimple», »tb-lste's foot, Kale», scabies, raabes and other eifcernally award skin trouble», une world-famous, coding, antiseptic, liquid D. D. D. Prescription. Greaeeless, stainless. Soothes irritation end quickly stops in" itching. 35e trial bottle proves it, or money back, yoor druggist today for D. 0. 0. PRESCRIPTION.
^Scratching
MIDDLE AGE WOlhut
Q. When planning to make Informal call on a friend, to It per-missable to telephone first, to be sure that she Is at home?
A. Yes, this Is all right, and is a wise thing to do If the friend lives quite a distance aMray.
The PERFECT Chewing Tobacco
an
ThouMiids go thru this 'trying time* by taking I i’inkham's well known for bel ping female functional troubles Try ill
LYDIA E. PINKHAM’S
VEGETABLE COMPOUND

*
See Shand Dam Ready This Fall

AVE
i
I
.. CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS..
YOU HEARD?!
$1,700,000 Wall Main Unit of Grand River Control Project, Is Expected To Be Complete Then
FLHNirLRB FOB SALE
WF3 ARE OFFERING OUR SPLENdid bargain,g in all kinds of used furniture. Every article carries a complete money-back guarantee. Also every article polished and safely pa jked for shipment to any part of Canada. Buy now! Save Money.
AGENTS WANTED
l,KRSIHI AI
MILKER MEN WANTED — INVEST 350.00 and be your own boss; one sale per week beats working for someone else; capable, hard workers earn 33,000 up; amazing new machine by old-established company. State sales experience in full. Address Room FA2, Anker-Holth Manufacturing Company, Sarnia, Ontario.	_________
An Irish truck driver was charg ed with reckless driving and with having stopped his truck so suddenly that a car behind him smashed into him. The Judge asked him why he had not held out his hand.
Pat Indignantly answersd:	Tf
the poor fool couldn't see ms truck, hew In Hlvln's name could he see me hand?"
QUIT fUUAt < U SNliKK EA31LÏ, Inexpensively Home remedy. Testimonials Guaranteed Advice free Rarfletf'*» Rox I Winnipeg.
WARNS AGAINST T. B.
"Tuberculosis Is the most important single disease facing us in the problem of national health," Prof. E. G. D. Murray, of the department of bacteriology and immunity, McGill University, said In a recent radio talk.
Tuberculosis as a disease had not inspired a state of terror in the human race, as would the mere mention of plague, smallpox, poliomylo ils and typhoid fever "yet In the literature of the subject it has deserved the opprobrious epithet cf 'the White Plague' " he said.
At the annual meeting of tbs Grand River Conservation Commission, held. In Brantford, Ont., Dr. G. Acres, Niagara Falls, chief «engineer to the commission, gave assurance the vital construction of the $1,700,000 Shan-l dam, main unit of the rlver-controljing project, would be conpleted before the autumn frosts of 1910.
COULD DO MORE Dr. Acres also said the supplementary Luther Marsh dam could be completed by the end of this year should the commission so direct. All necessary and scheduled work In connection with the Shand dam In 1939 had been completed, be •aid.
FALSE TEETH LOOSENESS AND annoyance banished cheaply home by dentist's wonderful covery for building up old plate to fit Users amazed. Free Information without obligation. Randolph Laboratory. 22 Whitehall Road Toronto
at
dis-
$5.95—Bedroom outfit, consisting walnut enamelled Iron bedstead, used resilvered spring and Government inspected felt mattress, any size. $7.95 — Used refinished Simmons walnut metal beds, plain type, used sagless spring and Government inspected felt mattress. 54" width. $3.95 — Same type of bed outfit with large centre panel, used sagless spring, "blue labelled" felt mattress. $2.00 — Used springs, all kinds, any size. $4.76 brand new ' blue labelled" felt-blown mattresses, easy rest any size. $3.75 — "yellow labelled* felt-blown mattresses, luxury, any size. $9.35. strong cable dropback couches with arms and back new cretonne mattress, two pillows. $6.00 — used oak dressers, square or oval mirror, three drawers, refinished like new.
CHESTERFIELD SUITE, 22.35
We are offering a beautiful three piece genuine brown silk mohair chesterfield suite, all matched pieces, Marshall construction, reversible spring cushions, silk corded trim, piped centre back, reconditioned and fully guaranteed.
Send money order or deposit balance on delivery to Furniture Sales Company, 539 King Street West Toronto.
BABY CHICKS
LOGICALLY POULTRY FARM Bred chicks are better value than hatchery chicks. Five breeds selection. 7 cents and up, farm raised pullets. Circular on request. Highway Poultry Farm, R.R. No. 1, Waterloo, Ontario.
POULTRY FARM FOR SALK AT
LOW PRICK
"Did they put stitches In?" esksd ths friend after the operation.
"No, I Just pulled myeelf together," was the reply.
TWO MILES FROM OTTAWA. 8 large poultry houses. Fully mod-dwelling. Other buildings. Reason for selling, retiring. Full particulars write: Russell Poultry, Farm, Hurdman’s Bridge, Ontario.
ern
CHICKS, WHITE LEGHORNS, 9c, Barred Rocks and • New Hamp-ehires 10c, from Government approved. blood-tested stock. Write for catalogue, Brucedale Poultry Farm, St. Thomas.
RELIGIOUS
Counsel (cross-examining a f&r-): “Now don't quibble! Do you understand a simple problem or
mot?"
Witness: "I do."
"Then tell the court this: If 16 en ploughed a field In five hours, hew long will 30 men take to plow the seine field ?"
They couldn't do It."
"Why not?"
“Because the 16 men have already ploughed It!"
Out of 11 kinds of milk listed by the United States department of agriculture, reindeer milk is richest—it has 22 per cent butter-
ont
‘ELIJAH COMING
- BEFORE Christ" Wonderful book sent free. Meglddo Mission, H., Rochester. New York.
and
JOHN.SO.V3 CLICKS ARE ONE grade, the beet we can produce, all breeders are bloodtested and culled. Bred to Lay Barred Rocks and large S. C. White Leghorns. Barron strain. Prices March and Apiil, Rocks 10 cents, 90 per cent pullets 17 cents, cockerels 8 cents. Leghorns 10 cents, 90 per cent pullets 20 cents, cockerels t cents. Safe arrival guaranteed. 10 per cent books your order. Circular on request J. D. Johnson, Fergus. Ontario.
SALESMEN WANTED
fat.
MAKE A DECENT LIVING SELL-lng 200 Famllex every day necessities. Guaranteed quality, price. 900 Famllex salesmen live with this agency. Company’s success depends on salesmen's. 12 years of increased business prove the possibilities buying In Famllex Plan. For free details and catalogue: Famllex, 570 St. Clement, Montreal.
Russian Contribution To Finnish Defence
Low
a

9m

ORDER BABY CHICKS NOW. ATtractive prices on well bred Barred Rocks, White Leghorns, Hamp-shires, rices.
am, Ontario.
jkf- %% f ¦ ¦> '
W	Vi-
“I have heard," said the pro-feeaor, "that Babylon fell, and Nineveh was destroyed, and" Someone In the class: "Tyre was punctured."
Fl)K SALK
x
*
Austrolorps. Write for Wingham Hatchery, Wing-
W*
WRITE FOR OU R FREE 1940 SEED-catalogue, containing most complete list flower and vegetable seeds. Priced for market gardeners and garden lovers.
Seed Company, Waterloo, Ont.
I
FILMS — PRINTS

MORE FOR YOUR MONEY. Gigantic production enables us to •ell better quality chick* for less. Don’t buy your chicks until you compare Tweddle Quality and Tweddle prices. 18 varieties to ehoose from. Day-old pullets, eockerels, non-sexed, started •hicks, three-week-old capons, older pullets, non-sexed chick
$9.45. 90 per cent, pullets $15.90. ee catalogue. Tweddle Chick atcheries Limited, Fergus. Ont.
FREE ENLARGEMENT IN STUDIO. Folder with each order. Films developed and printed by experts, 36c; reprints 10 for 26c. Nu-Way Photo Service. Station "A" Toronto.
rm
Ontario
m
A. teacher was Instructing her •lass In the use of antonyms. “Now •Mldren/' she said, "what ie the opposite of sorrowÎ”
“Joy," shrieked the class in ent-

CLOVER, GRASS SEEDS AND SEED Grain, government tested, buy until you have our list. C. E Bishop & Son, Seedsmen, Belleville, Ontario.
1

Don't
M

*
t
1
HORSES FOR SALE
a am low
STAMPS WANTED
E


NUMBER GOOD HORSES. MATCHed teams, one Percheron stallion colt, grey. J. McAninch, Route 4, Guelph. _____ ______________
%


STAMPS UN ENVELOPES.
“And what is the opposite ef
NOTH-
log after 1870. Will buy for cash. • R G. Purdy. .110 Glen Manor Drive Toronto
»,

AFTER ALL IT’S QUALITY THAT counts. Baden chicks are high quality chick# mold to you at lo prices made possible by large •alee at low operating costa. Do delay, get our price list today. We have Barred Rocks, New Hampshire# as low as $9.45, White ^ghorns $8.95.
White Rocks. 1 Light Sussex, Hybrids
“Glddap!
I ••
i
MEDICAL

*
TLHKKYSt FOR SALK
•he: “It Ie disgraceful! Yesterday you kleeed me egalnet my will and todsy you try to repeat the offence."
He: "Well, a criminal alwaye returna to the scene of hla own erlme."
a

not
A GOOD SPRING TONIC. KIPP’S Herb Tablets. Twenty-five cents. All Drug Stores or Maltby'e. onto Ten.
WHITE HOLLAND TURKEYS, Government approved and utility stock. Prices on application Uert Irwin, Seaforth. Ontario.
m
Tor-
We also have White Wyandottes,
... ------- —, —.-j, Barred
ksX New Hamps, New Hamps rred Rocks. Free circular. Ba-Electric Chick Hatchery, Limited. Baden, Ontario.
l!»KI> AND NEW PLLMISIM.

HEPATOLA RELIEVES STOMACH and Liver troubles. Symptoms: Pains in right side, under shoulder blades and across hips. Indigestion. gas, constipation, gall trouble. Formula of doctor. Re. suits in one day! Price $5.00. Mrs. Geo. S. Almas. Box 107SW Saskatoon. Sask.
s

? v*:
m
BATHS. SINKS, TOILETS, SOIL Pipe, boilers, furnaces, radiators, etc. Lowest prices, guaranteed. Catalogue furnished. Main Plumbing Supplies. 921 St, Lawrence. Montreal.
m
«

Fi
BUY THE RIGHT CHICKS AND
Order
ray’s now. Immediate shipment, ineteen varieties. Pullets, cockerels. capons and 2-3 week chicks to order. Turkeys. Bray Hatchery. ISO John N . Hamilton.

atch the right markets.
!
*
<1

f
What Science: Is Doing
H

!
LYONS
478 Yonge St., Toronto
CLEARANCE SALE RECONDITIONED FURNITURE
All Used Furniture is completely reconditioned, guaranteed thoroughly clean, and sold with positive money-back guarantee of satisfaction.
$14.00 KROEHLKR	CHEST ER-
field bed, reversible spring-filled cushions.
$19.50 CHESTERFIELD SUITE, 3 pieces brown repp material, Marshall construction.
$29.00 3-PIECE CHESTERFIELD Suite, upholstered in English tap-entry, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$37.50 BEAUTIFUL BROWN
hair Chesterfield Suite, 3 pieces, figured reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$35.00 10-PIECE LIVING ROOM Outfit, comprising 3 piece velour chesterfield suite, bridge lamp and shade, walnut end table, table lamp and shade, silk cushion and modern smoker.
$24.00 SOLID OAK DINING ROOM suite, buffet, extension table, six leather upholstered chairs. Perfect.
$35.00 9-PIECE OAK DINING ROOM suite, large buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather seat chairs.
$69.00 BEAUTIFUL 3-PIECE DINing Suite, rich walnut finish, large buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather upholstered chaire.
$85.00 SOLID WALNUT DINING suite, (cost new approximately $225), large buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather seat chairs.
$49.00 MODERN OAK DINETTE suite, buffet, extension table, and 4 chairs with embossed leather .seats. Perfect.
$35.00 SMART BEDROOM SUITE, In rich, two-tone walnut finish. Dresser, chiffonier and full else bed. Like new.
$43.00 COMPLETE BEDROOM suite, dresser, chiffonier, full alee bed, sugless spring and new mattress.
$53.00 FLOOR SAMPLE MODERN bedroom suite In bleached walnut finish, with Venetian mirrors. Dresser, chiffonier, full size bed, magless spring and mattress. All brand new.
$9.50 KITCHEN CABINETS IN ALL finishes.
$15.95 6 PIECE BREAKFAST SUITE buffet, table and 4 chairs, enamel. All merchandise carefully crated for safe shlpmept on receipt of money-order and sold with a definite money-back guarantee of satisfaction.
BCZEMAID. RELIEF FOR BABIES or adults, from dry or weeping eczema. Testimonials from hundreds for over 35 years. Two weeks’ treatment, one dollar. Write Hy-gela Products, London, Ontario.

*
*
m
«
a#
LARGE TOM BARRON LEGHORNS mated to cockerels from R. O. P. and contest winning flock, 8c; pullets 16c; Collins Poultry Farm, (Osnabrück Centre), Wales, Ont.

w
L.
i

f '





< «
v • e v %
ASTHMA — TRY LATEST MOST effective remedies; Asthma-Tone for milder Asthma. Asthm-Lax for severe Asthma. Bottle, $1.00. Guaranteed. Write Asthma-Tone Laboratories, 410 Barton. Hamilton, Ontario.
wm'wmm
JAUNDICE CURE Experiments at the Mayo Clinic have proved that patients suffering irom "obstructive Jaundice" could be cured by an operation after they bad been given Injections of Vitamin K.
Vitamin K. built. up In the blood a substance called prothrombin, the lack of which resulted In bleeding to death of persons operated on for the disease.
WIGS, TOUPES, tiens. Switches, types of finest quality Hair Goods. Write for Illustrated catalogue. Confidential, terms arranged. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co., 528 Bathurst Street, Toronto.
TRANSFORMA-Curls, and all
The contribution was not made voluntarily,	to say, bat it is
very acceptable just the same. The white-clad Finn is examining a multiple machine gun used for anti-aircraft work, particularly against diving bombers or hedge-hopping planes. It was part of the equipment captured by the Finns and later used against the former owners.
‘•REACH'S pidly, kills hair, itch-
BALD? GOING BALD?
Formula'* grows hair ra dandruff, stops falling log S'-alp. Hundreds of testimonials. Boxes $1.00, postpaid, half contents, if not satisfied, return the unused portion — your money refunded Instantly. L. and B. Beach, B2362, North Vancouver, B.C. Scalp specialists for 13 years. Our reputation protects you.
IttKKHY EQUIPMENT
Use
BAKERS' OVENS AND MACHIN-•ry. also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co., 103 Bathurst St Toronto.
MU-
of equal parts of witch hazel and pure alcohol.
Q. How can I remove shiny spots from serge suits?
A. Try sponging the shiny spots with hot vinegar and then amnion*
•s
How Can I?
CARS, NEW AND USED
TO RELIEVE INDIGESTION
Dr. Otto Dounlth, of Vancouver, reports he has found a way to relieve indigestion and gastric aliments that rest, diet aud medication will not cure. Since 1933 he has successfully used the technique of severing the sphincter of oddl, which rings the inside of a duct leading from the pancreas, liver and gall bladder to the small Intestines.
WINK# FOlt SALE
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS. LTD Toronto's oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers: three locations, 632 Mount Pleasant Road, 2040 Yonge Street. 1225 Danforth Ave. used cars make ns many friends
PURE QUEBEC», CHOICE. LARGE kltts. Dark, silky, densely furred. Few bred females, $27.50. Ramona Mink Ran h, Markstay, Ontario.
c$Y ANKc 45>H* h„Y
la.
Our
Q. How can I Improve the appearance of soiled russet shoes?
A. The soiled russet shoes can be made to look like new if they are cleaned with lemon juice and then polished with a solution of beeswax dissolved In turpentine.
Q. How can I treat a tough steak?
A. Mix a small quantity of vinegar aud olive oil thoroughly, rub It on both sides of the steak and allow it to stand for about two hoirs before cooking.
Q. How can 1 keep the kitchen sink clean and purified?
A. Pour a strong solution of washing soda in boiling water clown the sink at night.
Q. How can 1 peel oranges more easily?
A. Pour boiling water over the oranges and let thorn stand for about five minutes. When they are peeled, the white lining will come away with the skin, thing can be done with grapefruit.
Q. How can I treat an Inflamed nose?
A. It Ih sali! that one of ihe best for l'iis Is ! he application
MU#FRY STOC K
EDUCATIONAL
HARDIEST FRUITS. RARE ORNAmentals. Request Illustrated catalogue and planting guide; 600 varieties. trees, shrubs, perennial flowers, tested and grown at Dropmoie. Order early for free booklet on new fruit recipes, also premium with order. .strong plants; expert packing, guaranteed delivery anywhere. The Manitoba Hardy Plant Nursery. Drop-more. Manitoba.
STUDENTS NOW ENROLLING FUR courses in Matriculation, Short Story. Journalism. Shorthand and Speech Culture Make use of your ¦pare time. Write today. Canadian Correspondence College, (established 1902) 229 Yonge Street Toronto.
MODERN PIONEER Among the sage elders of science a young man not yet 30 takes rank today a* one of 13 upon whom the title "modern pioneer" has beeu bestowed in recognition of his Inventive genius.
He is Edwin H. Land, of Boston, who invented "Polaroid," a crystal substance made of Iodine and quinine which "polarizes" rays of light, in effect lining them up by blocking out vibrations at right angles to the beam, thus eliminating glare.
FILM#
JEST RESULTS — ROLLS DE VKL-oped with higloss deckled edged prints — 25c. Reprints 3c. Beautiful enlargement free. Prompt service. Excel Photos. 1266 l^ane-downe Ave., Toronto.
OFFER TO IWFNTOH*
This same
AN OFFER TU EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions aud full Infor-matlou sent free. The Ramsay Registered, Patent Attorney* Rank Street. Ottawa, Canada.
%

SEND NBGA-tlve, this advertisement and 10c for three pilots and 5x7 enlargement, or roll and 25c for eight prints 5x7 enlargement London Photo Service, Box 651, London, Ont. Established 1919.
TRIAL SPECIAL
rem<

ONION# FOlt SALE
;
MULTIPLIERS TWELVE GREEN Onions from each. Six quarts, dollar with order. Express customer's expense. This week's offer, P. Harvey, Waterdown. Ontario.

a
THE SPASMS OF
Guaranteed
JUST*!* **
WwopinqW*
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
OPPORTUNITIES FOB MEN
Owing to lack of refrigerator space, the government has forbidden Australians to include butter in hampers shipped to Great Britain. No restriction were placed on etinnr rational goods (hams, baron and sugar).
ARDS
of
»
Used
New
¦PECMI.lZlNfi IN IIRitl'ILT MOTOR#. FUW Fit. UNIT#. Hydraulic Hotel- YV lev he*, Generators, Starters, Yluuerlos, wurlMirviors Radlat-Fivhuuge Service, Glees — Satie taction or refund Levy, Auto Part*. Tomato.
PREPARE FOR THE FUTURE. INdustry urgently requires trained men. Learn electric welding now. General Welding Works, 100 Jar-
vtw. Toronto.____________________
I


LYONS FURNITURE CO. 478 Yonge St. Toronto
ISSUE NO. 11—'40
I
###PAGE###8###
1



] 11

Vote for Joseph E. Plche
Step Out In Style
To the Electors
1
of Pontiac
71
Official Liberal Candidate in last General Dominion Elections and Former Provincial Member for Temiskaming County.
I Mr. Piche will be in favour of
a
With a New Spring Hat
All new Shades and Styles
Priced from
On your decision, at the Poll, on March 26th, will depend the maintenance of our own integrity and
shattered world, to which
a new hope to
X
Continuation of Highway No. 8, from Sheen boro to Ternis kaming ;
Bridge across river, Allumette Island to Pembroke ;
Continuation of road from Otter Lake to Gatineau High way ;
Establishment of Landing Fields in Pontiac ;
Co-operation in War Effort.
unity as a nation, in a a united Canada may well bring
a
Q
$1.95 and
up

mankind
/
n
<.
There is only one SURE way to Keep Canada’s
War Effort United
New Suits--------Popular Single and Double
Breasted Styles, New Patterns. All with
2 trousers. Priced $19.50 to $27.50

Forsyth make. Famous for
Vote For
Mens Shirts
their wearing quality, all sizes, white
or
To Meet Your Needs In Flour and Feeds
$1.65 to $2,00
W. R. McDonald
coloured. Priced from
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
The Official Candidate, who is endorsed by the Government and Rt. Hon. W. L. Mackenzie King*.
I
<
Atlas Moulee (oat hulls and ground screenings) Wheat, Barley, and Ground Oat Feed Feed Flour .....
Shur-Gain Hatching Match .
Fades’ Eggslent Laying Mash
Scratch Feed Blatchford's Laying Mash .
Shur-Gain Laying Mash .
“ Pig Starter .
“ Hog Grower .
1.25 cwt
1.45	" 1.95 “ 2.85 “ 2.35 “
1.90 “ 2.75 “
2.45	“ 2.35 “ 2.00 “
Money Bach Guarantee $2.50 per bag
2.65 “ “ 3.15 “ “
Free cook-book and chances to win valuable Barometer ; and other prizes still given with Cream of the West Flour.
JCi
To the Electors of the
County of Pontiac :
that no action be taken.
Letters were read from Mr. N. A. Drummond addressed to the Mayor and Councillors re treatment of the warble
S
dietetic*?.	. ,	,	«
Mr. R. P. Eadee. president of the local Red Cross Branch, spoke of the work done by the nursing Hass and also woik done by ladies the district in forwarding supplies. Mis. G. G. McDowell a!«o moved a vote ot thanks to the nurses who so successfully carried on these classes.
A special vote of thanks was tended to the School Board, tor use of the school, and to Mr. Norman Smith : to Mrs. Boa re and the Hospital ; Mr. XV. A. Hudgins and to The Equity for advertising and to the others who assisted in the
success of these classes.
Meeting closed with singing “God Save the King’* and refreshments were served.
\
V

X
a
u
X
fly
\
Motion by Orr-Henderson that $90.00 worth of this material be ordered through Mr. Drummond.
Messrs. Michael Sam mon and Ebert Beattie appeared and requeted that the hills on the diverson of the nineth concession opposite Lot 9, be cut down and the bridge raised. This was left over till next meeting.
Geo. A. Russell appeared at the Board and requested that some arrangement be made to keep the road between Lot 3 and 4, Range 3 open for traffic during winter months. Motion by Henderson-Fitzsimmons, that sufficient snow fence be purchased for this road. —Carried.
Chas Russell appeared at the Board and endeavored V) settle a dispute regarding purchase of part of Lot 4 Range 1, by Mr. Russell. He also presented a bill for $100 for extra labor done by him on Macfarlane’s bridge ; motion by Orr-Beattie, that this bill be paid.
A letter was read from Mr. D. Robil-
of
S
Owing to the sudden and high-handed manner with which Prime Minister Mackenzie King dissolved Parliament and precipitated a general election at a season when travelling is almost impossible in an immense county such as Pontiac, I find myself unable to visit all the electors of the county and I am therefore compelled to solicit the support of many of you by the public press, by mail and thiough the friends, who will speak to ><>u ovei the radio and from the public platforms.
I must assure you, however, that as soon as possible nft^r my election, 1 will make it my duty to visit you a'l so that I may study your needs personally and so th it we m »y get better acquainted.
The Federal riding of Pontiac has become so enlarged both in area and in population that a redistribution or division of the county has become imperative and I pledge myself to see that for the next election the County is divided on a fairer and more equitable basis. <
I have been chosen as a Conservative candidate supporting National Government and as such I am in full accord with the platform and policies of my leader the Honourable Dr. R. J. Manion, a veteran of the Great War, both as to the effective and vigorous prosection of the war as to the policies kid down by him for the betterment of the living conditions of the farmer, the workingman and the employer.
As to the war, I repeat with my Leader, that our country must contribute to the fullest possible extent of its ability and resources to ensure the victory of Great Britain and her allies.
For those who do not know me personally, I may say that all my life I have been a supporter of the Conservative Party, 1 am an accountant, and for many years have lived at Rouyn, in Northern Pontiac, where I have had occasion to participate in public activities which have given me a first-hand knowledge of the needs of the County as a whole, and I believe I can add that I have deservedly earned the confidence and esteem of all those with whom I have come into contact.
May I ask you to bear in mind that while the Conservatives of Pontiac are united behind me, our opponents of the Liberal Party are a house divided among themselves for so great was the dissension in the Liberal ranks and the dissatisfaction with the King government and with Mr. W. R. McDonald, that there are two Liberal candidates in the field ; Mr. McDonald, the outgoing and self-styled official Liberal Candidate chosen by the Liberals of St. James Street, Montreal, and Mr. J. A. Piche, who is in the field as a straight Liberal
vote was to a great extent split up by the fact that a Reconstructionist candidate was in the field, while this year the leader of that party, the Honourable H. H. Stevens, together with his supporters are solidly behind Dr. Manion and his candidates.
Believing that I possess the necessary qualifications to fill the responsible position of Member of Parliament and again pledging myself to devote all my time and energy to the advancement of the County of Pontiac and the welfaie of my electors, i respectfully solicit your vote and influence in the coining election to assure my victory at the polls and thereby assure the triumph of the policies for which I stand, I remain.
Yours faithully,
s
s
S
u
\
ex
s
44
X
s
Winnipeg Flour, Golden West Flour. Cream of the West,
s
s
44
44
44
X
44
44
44
BRISTOL NEWS
Miss Marion Smith, who is at-
Immaculate Business
C
tending —
School, Ottawa, spent the weekend with her parents.
Miss Mildred Hannaberry is visiting her brothers, Arthur and Phil, in Noranda, Que.
Mrs. John McCann and children, Marilyn and Murray, spent a few days of last week with her par ents Mr. and Mrs. Murray Smith.
Miss Beatrice Martin left on Thursday for Bourlamaque, where she will visit her sister. Mrs. Harry Roy.
Miss Mildred McCann is spend ing a week in Ottawa, the guest of Mr. and Mrs. John McCann.
Miss Norma Dods. of Eardley, «pent the week-end with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Norman Dods.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REC’D-
!
lard

Motion by Fitzsimmons-Duff, that this Council renew their note for $3,000 with the Bank of Montreal for a period of 12 months.—Carried.
A letter was read from the Childrens Aid Society of Ottawa re Cecil Dumas. It was agreed that the Mayor attend to this matter.
Motion (>y Henderson-Duff, that the following bills be approved and paid :— Gatineau Power Co., lights to
Bristol..............
Dalton Russell refund of taxes G. T. Paul, premium on Guar-
Ladies' Auxiliary Meeting I	an tee Policy.	—
SIM I w r IS'
ward’s Parish, was held at the ^ad?r ;* ..................
home of Mrs. Murray Smith on I H* Smith, stamps...........
Thursday afternoon. Nine members and nine visiters were present.	.	_ ,
The meeting wa* opened by a prayer for peace led by the vicepresident, Mrs. B. Hannaberry.
The secretary gave a report of the last meeting and read a letter from Mrs. Hoare, matron of the
Community Hospital, acknowledging receipt of a sick-call set which was donated by the Auxiliary.
A surprise box, on which tickets had been sold by the members, drawn for and won by Mrs.
Fabian Trudeau.
Refreshments were served by the hostess assisted by Misses Rita Hannaberry and Kathleen Bean. During the evening forty 9 | five was played, Mr. Murray Smith winning the prize for highest score.
Mrs. Andrew Dumas invited the the members to her home for their next meeting to be held on April 11th.
POLITICAL MEETING
In the interest of the Liberal Party and
W. R. McDonald
$ 24 00
2 35
Official Liberal Candidate
Shawville Theatre Saturday Evening, March 23rd
Meeting* to commence at 8.00 o’clock
15 00 150 00
75


10 50
“	“ trips to Shawville
and Ottawa ..
A. Arbic, labour on road ...
A further bill from Mr on the Bristol-Norway Bay mad was refused.
Motion by Henderson that this Council agree to work the south part of the Bristol South Onslow townline for a term of two year and that W. A. Mac-kay be appointed foreman over this work. No seconder.
Motion by Henderson that this Council appoint two special superintendants : Jas. C. Glenn South of the highway and Thos Beattie, North of the highway, and that the superintendants be instructed to travel every mile of road in their districts and leport on each road division.
Earth roads with a smooth hard surface to be classed as No. 1, rough roads with ruts, stones, etc., to be classed as No. 2; and rough roads without ditches and with stumps and brush to be classed as No. 3. That he estimate cost, in each division of bringing standard of No. 2 and No. 3 up to the standard of No. 1. That these men be paid 12 cents per mile for inspection reports. No seconder.
Motion by Beattie McNeill, that the Regular session of the Municipal rate for labour remain at five mills on Council of Bristol, held on above date, ' the dollar for the year 1940. present, Mayor McLellan and a full :	Motion by Duff-Fitzsimmons, that
Board of Councillors.	j road divisions Nos. (5 and 7, be put to-
The minutes of last regular meeting ; getber and that Percy Cruickshanks be H , were read. Motion by Henderson and | appointed foreman over same.
I Fitzsimmons, that the minutes. be On motion of Beattie the meeting adopted with the following change ; adjourned
_	.	—______ .	.	.That Henderson Fitzsimmons names
First Classes in Red Cross cent, of Attendance were present Appear as mover and seconder on motion
SSSH	, Teaeher^Wanted
meeting took the form of a ques | The mini of	w a-forwarded 1Mot,0,‘ by Beattie-Dull, that tins report | One Intel mediate Teacher as
tionnaire, in which members of from the class to the Central Red ^ accepted and adopted—Lamed. Principal for Quyon Intel mediate the class answered questions, re- ! Cross Society. The classes were U K McCaffrey appeared and re- School ; also one Hlementary viewing work taken up by the j under the direction of Mrs. Earl Minted a change in the location of the teacher for Junior Room. Appli-clasfe.	McDowell. Reg. N . Mrs G. A. Me- road at the top of Gallagher’s hill. This cantb P*eftBe	experience and
The attendance was good Dougall, Reg. N , and Mrs. Reuben was left over till next meeting.	‘¦ami y expected. Apply to
throughout the entire course.	Smith, Reg. N . assisted by -Drs.	Letters were read from E. Mackay re	VV. F. BRONSON,
There were 05 members enrolled	Howies and McDowell and Docks,	I knd xalea* It was agreed that as this !	Secretary Treasurer
and all members having #5 per	and Miss Everett, who spoke on	property has been advertized for sale j	Quyon - Quebec
4 50 6 50 Arbic for labor
.SPEAKERS:
W. R. McDonald, E. C. Lawn, M.L.A., H. C. Rowat, N.P., B. Wardlaw, and others.
Pontiac

In the last Federal election our Conservative
Everybody Welcome
God Save The King
was
X
X
<
<
X
Public Meeting
X
X
X
so as
X
In the Interest of
X
1
'

X
Ernest Carrier
National Government Candidate
Wilson’s Hall
Bristol Counci.
I
X
l
X
I
c
ERNEST CARRIER,
Conservative and National Government Candidate for the County of Pontiac.
March 7th, 1940
X

Shawville, Que.
X
J
s
Monday, Marcli 25th, 1940
s
At 8.15 p in.
H. I. Smith,
Sec-Treas
I
Several Prominent Speakers Will Be Present
\
I
God Save the King
Everybody Welcome
. •
G. G. McDowell, Sec’ty
A. II. Hohner, Pres.
