###PAGE###1###
-
No 27, 37t
Year
ft.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United State*
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 21. 10516
!
l
^eæssw SK»»»»» assasssaswswagj
1
*
fc
?
?
t
4

I
X
fcW>

Cwv

0
eV>\

EX




a


»
N*

%
l
May you find among your gifts on Christmas morning, the priceless gifts of Health, Happiness and Contentment.
(Smttnna


To Our Friends and Customers :
Our wish is that your Christmas may be bright and cheerful and that the New Year will bring you and yours Health, Happiness and Prosperity.
THE EQUITY
*
m
rr
vrr*


sSl: •
¦
MARRIED
Anglican Christmas Trees
Est. 6. J. Caldwell
Shawville,
Stark’s Corners United Christ*
mmmm
will hold therr annual Christmas Lntfl, Mr. and Mrs. Robt. Judd. The arrival of Santa Claus at Ottawa.
Tree and Entertainment on Fri-	M«*I)ow.*ll has re. the close of the concert to distri-
the Shawville Curling Club wifi of Touraine. The pageant 1 be- charge of their teachers, who Its pioneer families, being born 81 dly iihone the President, Mrs. *n<t presented by H^.out	were assisted by Miss Amy Corri- years ago, the son of Mr. and Mrs.
Edgar llodgins, or the Secretary, people assisted by the chon. and -„0# Miss Helen Corrigan was i Thomas Dale, who took an active i. James Gordon* before Jairy [h based on an old r renew legend vl|Ht for the evening.	] pin t in the early development of
of centuries ago.	, The rector, Rev T. E R. Nurse, the village. Until retiring some
œpppspessB
Monday night, Prices at 25 and cand_ gifts to the children. Mary Hall, of Wakefield, widow of 15 cents. -	.	the late Robert Moffat.
and Mervyn Dale; of Shawville ; three sisters, Mrs Selina Millar, of Ottaiva ; Mrs. E. T Brownlee and Mrs. Wellington Armstrong, of Shawville.
The funeral, which was largely attended, was held on Sunday afternoon from the late residence of the deceased, Main Street, to Shawville Wesleyan Methodist church. Service was conducted by the Pastor, Rey. Jacob Weaver, who was- as-dated b Boston, Puvtor of ness Movement church the service, Mr. and Mrs. Weaver sang as a special selection, “The Home of the Soul.”	'	/
Interment was made in the Vil lage Cemetery, the pall-bearers being, Athol and Clifton Dale, Gordon and Clarence Brownlee. Melvin Armstrong, ut phews, and Dr. D. J. Campbell.
PERSONAL MENTION
Quebec


111
sæaæ sæxæxæ sæzææzæz s&x&vqg

John Francia Dale Passes in His 82ud Year
g
g
g
g
paused away at the Community Hospital following a lengthy illness.
Mr. Dale was a life long resident of Shawville, a member of one of
g
ri
g

km
g
Mrs
3rd,
g
I
g
HQ
g
Ira McKnight Dies at Ottawa Civic Hospital
Many friends and relatives in	n—— nr a
this district regretted to learn of Starks corners w.A
ehIeIBs ESiSSf
Mr. McKnight had been in ill Mr*. Herb. Brown, president, had versary on the 11th of Dewmber
sgsHs-s mmsB wmm0
«ÉEi m
electric power plant and was see- officers, resulting as follows tneir retary of Waltham School. In Hon president, Mrs. Herb Brown ;
1926 he married Miss Ruby Black, president, Mrs. Leslie Dean ; vice of Waltham, who is left to mourn president, Mrs. Sec il Sly ; see re-with four children, Glenn, Shirley, tary, Mrs. B. P. Pulford, re-elect Jean and Lois, at home; his mo' ed ; treasurer. Mrs. Harvey Wither ; five sisters, Verna and Grace, son, re-elected, professional nurses, of Albany and A vote of thankh was extended New Rochelle, *L Y ; Marjorie and to the retiring officers and the Gladys (Mrs. Martin yBlack) of past president, Mrs. Brown, thank
„Ae«)°of*Ihek" coT^atiou during" her H%%w'J' the
mBSSffite&gare asSESSC:
Sudbury, and Elgin, of Ottawa ments were served.	^ evening and Shawville on
The funeral wan held on Monday	--- I Thursday evening.
a.» «lsrT-‘sr ‘•>T »	a.^	î-ï
Radford, to Shawville United Eloet office *	R. McDowell was re-elected preM-
Churcfi, and was attended by a ,	. dent, with Mrs. A. D. McCredie
large number of friends represent- The election and installation of an(| Mrs !Walter Harris, vice presi ing the entire district Service officers for the'coming year of dent8 ; Milw Alva Turner, secty ; was in charge of Rev. A. Spear- Shawville L.O.Y.B. No. 801, took I fc y MacLean, treasurer ; man, pastor of the Wesleyan place at their annual meeting on Members of committees are : Up
ssdr.»*#»	ssriaaw-iitvras#
ilSlm mon 'wmm p^cbed by * ‘ The etotion resulted hs follows : j J® "• £ r8° T ' Dr» ,',#n M % T.^ ho Î" *vter of Scrooge was tn ken by
s&zssem ers® ksss«s sstens
sa® Ææfeæbsâïs ssæjs
get to the end of the way/	Lawson Corrigan was appointed McKinley	i *t the piano for the musical mim-
Intel meut was made at Maple chairman of the first^ conmuttee At Zion Mrs. C. Thompson was her*.
say. sssra^fiShp ;,k k°.*ss.3 -s.-js5saur«i %
5sSsrf«ssr«L,BS, "asm w***...... - &s?jss7 uv ” &
and Wm J. Biowulee.of R uifuid. | thanks were give»; the retiring Thompson, Red Cross represents- trre and handing out over #0 Many beautiful floral tributes officers, and several short speeches J,«	candy	bag*» to the children present,
were received.	| delivered by members, g
g
m
g

wi
g
*
À Seal (Eanaîiian
(Hhriatmas to
iy Rev. Robert Shawville Holi-Durmg
fou î
Christmas in Canada, and throughout the British Commonwealth, will be celebrated with none the less sincerity because of the dark and troubled international background.
parents
Young has been a Sunday School Superintendent for forty years, secretary for the school for thirty six years, and has been a member of North Onslow Municipal Council for almost a decade.
Mi
g
United Sunday School Christmas Tree

g
Shawville W.A
A capacity audience filled the Theatre on Friday night for the annual Christmas tree and gram of the United Chureh day School. A very fine program was presented, the opening numbers being a Christmas parade and chorus by the primaries led by Mrs. Harold Hayes and Miss Mar. garet Dagg ; two boys'drill*, pre pared by Miss Curran, and two quartettes of girls prepared by Miss Lois Hayes Recitations were given by Don McDowell and L Bolshoi*.
The chief item in the program was Dickens “Chiistmas Carol in three scenes, presented by over 50 children in costume. The char-
r
Canadians believe that the spirit of Christmas — the spirit of kindness and goodwill—can best be preserved in the free demoracy which is the & heritage of the British people, say, to one and all, a real Canadian Christmas Best Wishes and a Happy New Year.
&
ro
mi
The
Therefore, we

The W. A. Hodgins Stores Ltd.
J
«.cesse «e«ese«e
###PAGE###2###

she just couldn’t
mUrlrint*^ ^ ÿ,# ltuf«nf
where It belonged.
With all tii© ingenuity of â young June bride, Mrs. I tnffen-bach sewed a slide fastener into the bird, Inserted the stuffing and sipped.
What fun when the unxipping performed before the dinner
Bride Sew* Zipper Into Roast Turkey
ty of God. It spreads from Christ to the Twelve, and from the Twelve to the infant church, and
so on ¦ reached and transformed.” “Leaven” here may imply an evil influence — worldliness, hypocrisy— which is weakening the church in the world today. In that case, the meaning of the parable is entirely the opposite of the usual interpretation.
Famed Symphony Conductor Visit* Government House
TRYIW' TO WRITE ALL TH' MEWS TO YOUR OVSTAUT TRIEUD IS QUITE ATASK-WUY NOT SUBSCRIBE T1 THIS "LETTER TROW HOME TOR WERt
until the whole mass ii
The stuffing didn’t pop out of
pf^ffenbach’s
Mrs. Norbert A. turkey as it roasted last wesk.
The young Albany, N.Y., housewife tackled preliminary treatment of the bird wtth certain
was
guests !
*
I
I This Curious World Î
Hidden Treasur#



44. The kingdom of heaven is like unto a treasure hidden in the field ; which a man found, and hid; and in his joy he goeth and selleth all that he hath, and huy-eth that field. 45. Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto that is a merchant seeking goodly pearls:	46. and having
found one pearl of great price, he went out and sold all that he had, and bought it. The man of these two parables may be the same
the man of the prcced- .
Lord. J
V
ïvj
! 4

IK

I
l
1
TWICE - BLOOMING
?

m
HAVE BEEN DEVELOPED DUSiNcS THE
PA

I'M

L-
a man
#
$
1
I




m



a
t



person as
ing parables, namely the Jesus Christ ; and we believe that the treasure hid in a field, which take to be the world, as in previous parables of this chapter, Igi his treasure (Edox. 19: 6). Let us think of the church as the pearl precious to the Lord, which has grown as a small grain of sand has, in the side of an oyster. This pearl is still forming in the world today.
/
r/u
ê

V

OF THE
Homui
we
\\


fi
MAY BE ALMOST
lives, and of the tragic, inescapable destiny awaiting all those at the end of this age who are not truly the children of God. The more we study this Gospel of Matthew, the more we realize how tremendously serious this matter is, of our relationship to Jesus Christ, and our eternal destinies.
is Israel,

V.»
t


Z.OAZO,
WEIGH ONLY A FEW OUNCES. DUE ID ns AIR-FILLED

ft whirl-


If we direct our attention to the beauty of our Lord's parables, we shall find them the most complete and finished models, “apples of gold in pictures of silver.”
If this lesson is properly understood, we find in it a most solemn presentation of the wide and deep prevalence of evil throughout the Kingdom during this age, of the need of constant watchfulness that the word of God should not become unfruitful in our
r>
M
Clock-Clock

when the sun was risen, they were scorched; and because they had root, they withered away. 7. And others fell upon the thorns; and the thorns grew up and choked them: 8. and others fell upon the ground, and yielded fruit, some a hundredfold, some sixty, some thirty. There are three forces at work in this parable: tho soil, which is of four different kinds; the seed, and the same kind of seed is used in each of the four soils; and the sower. Here in these few clauses is enough truth to occupy us for hours and hours, so rich hre the words of Lord. The seed is the word of God, and the different soils are the various types of people it is sown to.
The Kingdom of Heaven
81. Another parable set he before them, saying, The Kingdom of heaven is like unto a grain of mustard seed, which a man took and sowed in his field: 32. which indeed is less than all seeds; but when it is grown, it is greater than the herbs, and becometh a tree, so that the bird*, of the heaven come and lodge in the branches thereof.
33. Another parable spake he unto them; The Kingdom of Heaven is like unto leaven, which a woman took, and hid in three measures of meal, till it was all leavened. Generally this parable is said to teach that “the kingdom spreads from soul to soul until all are brought under the sovereign-

A Yorkshire hen has laid an egg bearing an image of a clock face with hands pointing to 10 past 10. The hen run is opposite the church, and a naturalist's theory is that the church clock may
the phenomenon.
Sunday
School
Lesson
no
S
t
H


16 /WADE FROM THE SECRETION
have had some influence on

JLACCA) AND Evœy POUND REPRESENTS SIX AAONTHS WORK
More Than Twenty Operations Every Day Keep Hospital Surgeons Busy!
cam. wav au
$49
LESSON XII
THE tiny insect that makes shellac Is shaped like an apple seed. During its life, It secrete# a substance known as lac gum, which ferns a body covering. Later, the covering Is discarded, and la aallected by man for the making of shellac.
PARABLES OF THE KINGDOM Matthew 13% 1-53.
Printed Text, Matt. 13: 3-8, 31-33, 44-46 TEXT—Incline
our
GOLDEN
your
end come unto me; hear, and soul shall live. Ism. 53: 3.
¦
1
One of America’. Great™
Hospitals Treats Children |	&
bundling the little chap up end leaving for home. They could never HHHH ¦	begin to pay for that much treat-
During a visit to Toronto recently. menli the# said, 'We had hoped It your reporter called at the Hospital might be just a week or so’.
in news reporta many. m.ny “gS; finally convinced the parents Uiit
wÆmïmm
and let us worry about the cost of the treatment.
"The boy is going home next I Interviewed Mr. Joseph Bower. I week after almost two years of cun-tho Superintendent of this busy In- Unuous hospital care, many opera-stitution. He told me that during lions, several X-Rays, special diets, * the twenty-four hour period pre- orthopaedic equipment, etc. He's ceding my visit, nineteen operations feeling pretty fit now and his par-had been performed . . . fifty-two ents have been able to pay out a X-ray photographs taken ... two little toward this wonderful treat-hundred and eighty individual pre- ment. When a sick child needs ht>s-scriptions filled in a completely- pity care, he gets It regardless of equipped dispensary . . . twenty- race, creed or financial clrcum-eight bed patients were admitted stance."
. . . thirty-three children discharged This led to a discussion on the as cured . . . more than fourteen operating costs of the hospital. I hundred meals served . . . ten cnil» W1J gjven information which la tn-dren had extensive dental work teresting and well worth passing on. done ... 95% of the beds were oc* %% round figures, the operating cupied, leaving only 19 beds free for expenses of the Hospital fur the past emergency cases.	year amounted to more than $313.000.
And. according to the Superinten- The operating revenue—from Pri-dent, the twenty-four hour period vate. Semi-private patients and the wrs an average one. insofar as typi- comparatively few Public e Ward cal hospital activity was concerned. | patients who are able to pay. grants
from Toronto, other Municipalities ..	.. .	, and the Provincial Government—
After this chat on Hospital acti- amounted to lust a little more than vity, I was kindly shown through $394.000. This means that the Hos-thv* Institution. We visited the p;**; although run on the most ef-Public Wards, the kitchens, swim- bcient and economical basis, snffer-mirg pool (necessary in the treat- ed an operating loss of over SH9.000. ment of Polio and other cases*, the Part of this deficit is met by the in-orthopedic workshop, the dispen- come from Investments made with sary and operating rooms. It struck moneys bequeathed or endowed over me as being a completely-equipped a sixty-veor period. There ts still hospital with much special equip-|a deficit of $90.000. m?nt
BOY RULER
your
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING TIME—Autumn, A.D. 28. PLACE—At the Sea of Galilee. 3. And he spake to them many things in parables, saying. Invariably in the teaching of Jesus a parable was a picture of things seen, intended to reveal and explain things unseen. Teaching by parables aroused attention; caused lessons to remain longer in the
Only
HORIZONTAL Answer to Previous Pussle 13 Negative
; K? i— ' P»k-
9 His father	|	unit of
was ---- in ,	exchange.
France.	23 On.
14Goddess of	I	f ..... j 24 A very little,
peace.	ZflNA 25 To plop.
15	Eucharist I	J 27 The skull.
vessel. I	QflLE I 28 Opposie
16	All gone.	I	I J aweather.
17	College honor 1	29 Suture,
book award. [	H 30 His mother,
18	Edge.	n___________________ Queen
19	Deputy.	1 ‘ " "	' ------------------ Mother
20	Accumulating. 49 Mythical	VERTICAL	34 Wheel pad.
~ 22 Dump cart.	ancient legend 1 Young	goat.	35 Sincere.
26 Paroxysm.	50 Soft fine	2 Rage.
31 Timber tree.	down	3	Tennis fence. 40 To bail.
II Eft,	;;	4
spots.	54 Image	of a	5 Blue.
36	Audible.	divinity.	6	Rootstock.
37	Inability to 55 Surgical	7	Turkish
speak.	machine.	official.
38	Fragrant	56 Wrcn	8 Branches.
oleoresin. „	In 9Broken teeth. 48Action.
39	Railroad. 57 ™le in 10 To saunter.
40	Dormant.	his stead.	11 To mimic.
44 Foolish old person.
no rea-
memory.
3b. Behold, the sower went forth to sow ; 4. and as he sowed, some seeds fell by the way aide, and the birds came and devoured them : 5. and others fel' upon the rocky places, where they had not much earth: and straightway they sprang up, because they had no deepness of enrth: (>. and
news.
WHAT HAPPENS EVERY TWENTY-FOUR HOURS
36 Penny.
41	Eager.
42	Story.
43	Twitching.
44	To erase.
45	Verbal.
46	To affirm.
47	Fissure.
NOTES
RADIO
49 Title of courtesy.
58 Capital of his 12 Electrified 51 Any flatfish.
53 Owed.
NEWS
AND
N
particle.
land.
Bv MADGE ARCHER
Company.....9 p.m., CBL Hockey
from Maple Leaf Garden* -------
10 p.m., CBY, Desire Defauw conducts NBC Symphony Orches-.. Dec. 17, 3 p.m.. iFRB, N. Y. Philharmonic ...
CFRB. Silver Theatre .
CBY, Culley and Claudette -----
9	p.m., CFRB, Radio Theatre ...
10	p.m., CBY. I.en Hopkins Orchestra from Ottawa
KING SPEAKS CHRISTMAS
DAY
Most important radio news to date is that His Majesty the King is expected to deliver his annual message to the Empire at 10 a.m. E.S.T., on Christmas Day. CBC will undoubtedly carry it on the Canadian network. It will also be heard over the networks of the United States. His Majesty is now an experienced broadcaster and his voice is becoming as familiar to the millions living on this continent as was that of his beloved father.
Other important Christmas events, a preview of which will be given next week, include a CBS broadcast from Vatican City, Trans-Atlantic /conversations with children evacuated from the capitals of war-torn Europe, and the traditional singing of “Silent Night" as Christmas dawns, this year by the Australian soprano, Marjorie Lawrence.
VISIT TO PUBLIC WARDS
1
tra
( p.m., 8 p.m.,
•• •
2
M
-	J _	, And that is why this Hospital can-
Every Ward we visited Mr. Bower ducts an annual appeal at this time W'juld say: This is a Public Ward. f0 secure enough funds to offset this I was quite surprised to learn that j operating loss.
95% of the patients treated here are in Public Wards.
Dec. 19,
51
#*••••
Information
C BL
.. 9 p.m., CBL, Malcolm
and Godden ..... 10 p.m., CBL,
Berlioz’s Childhood of Christ, conducted by Jean Marie Beaudefc from Montreal
8.30 p.m Please
•l
m
• • •
. . If everyone who reads this Item
..T*1® V05?1.^1 11 could Visit the Hospital for Sick taxed to capacity with little children Children and see. as 1 did. what la
whose parents are unable to pay done here for Ontario's little ones, even the low Public Ward rates.
m
then they would do as I did. Dig The case history of one little chap I down deco into the pocket for a do-I had chatted with, while walking nation to help continue the splendid through the Ward, was very Inter- work.
eating and quite typical. "He was If you are able to send a gift olease brought here one cold Winter day do so now. Send your donation to In 1937. His parents had driven the Hoar Hal for Sick Children, 17 more than a hundred miles In the College Street. Toronto, old farm truck so their little child You'll enjoy a certain satisfaction might have hospital treatment. by supportInr this cause You’ll “After examining the little fellow, have helped give the greatest gift our doctors told the parents that he | one can give to children—GOOD needed attention Immediately . .
Dec. 20, CBL, Serenade for
8.30 p.m
Strings ... 9.30 p.m., CBL, Han-
del’s “Messiah" with Mendelssohn Choir and Toronto Symphony Orchestra . ,... Dec. 21, 8.30 p.m., CBL. On Parade with Grenadier
10 p.m., CFRB,
••
x
Guard* Band .
Columbia Workshop -----
Dec. 16, CBL Metropolitan Opera
HEALTH.
1939 RADIO FAVORITES
NBC programs won 15 out of 18 classifications in the annual radio poll conducted by the Cleveland Plain Dealer. Charlie McCarthy was voted the favorite radio character and the Chase and Sanborn Hour the favorite radio program. Alec Templeton, Bing Crosby and Don Ameche came next in that order. Jack Benny was named the most popular comedian. “One Man's Family" was declared the favorite dramatic serial. Nelson Eddy and Lucille Manners were the best liken lingers of classical songs.
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Pop’s Little Joke on the Barber
don’t cry! your daddy
WILL SOON
I don't know who he is ! .
HE MET ME IN THE STREET / AND SAID/>COM6 ON/
LET’S GO AND GET OUR
-TURNED OUT a*. NICE AGAIN • £ 9
YES.//jL$!
CUT MY HAIR FIRST
r% and THE BOYS,
j -1 afterwards1
BE-
!»
I
HE ISN'T MY DADDY-
BACK
\
# —
V

sw ! r,
t

%
*
y
r
1

¦
/v

¥

December
TO BE HEARD 15, 7.46 p.m., CBL, Hector Char-leaworth talk* on Old Time Min-otreh ...... 11.30 p.m., CBL, CBC.
¦¦¦¦¦to fgr Nor.h
4r
I

4-29

4.
. 1S3I.
II rjradif’‘A lt|f •
I»
4Copy vu
</
rie* mewages
PS
m
7

ID


Lu
ui A

USÏIJL
SBC

5S
?
Wm
SSG

ii
B0
11

G52ZG




It

u iQu Es

ÏÏÏVÎÏ
uSmG

elTTTf m
SBmÿj J0S3S
¦s»
K5BG
iiSuG Guis. G
3CG
###PAGE###3###
K I
¦

i
Hi# Majesty King George In Field Marshal's Uniform
Canada Marks Steep Drop In Infant Deaths
LOVE LAUGHS AT THE DOCTOR
T
T
A
A

L
B


Big Decline Recorded Here During Pest 17 Years
K
L

BY ELINORE COWAN STONE Co^yrigkt, W3S, NEA Service, lec.

£
S
like » spoiled brat, cutting off her own nose to spite her face.
“Without Seeing You Again” She had late for a half hour or so when the telephone rang very rfbrttly "beside her. Constance had
CAST OF CHARACTERS CONSTANCE MAIQWELL—herein#; the etend-ln.
DEREK MANTHON
In recent years a greet part of the energy devoted by the medical profession and sanitarians to effect a decline In the death rate has gone to reduce Infantile mortality and In this field * large measure of success has been attained, says the Kitchener Record.
In Canada, the Dominion, provincial and municipal health authorities have all taken part in the struggle, and usually, In the absence of epidemics, each year Is showing an Improvement. In the 17 years for which the figures are available there Is evident a very cbnslderable decline In infantile mortality, although the rate for 1937 showed an increase over 1936. In 1921 the death rate for Canada (using figures from provincial cources for Quebec) was 102 per 1,000 live births. This rate has been reduced to 76 In 1937.
Improvement In Quebec
Infantile mortality In Quebec, which has exceeded that of any ether province in the past, was below that of ,\ew Brunswick In 1937. A study of Quebec rates shows that steady Improvement has been made in the 11-year period during which the province has been Included in the registration area. In Canada as a whole almost 7,000 Infant lives were preserved In 1937 which, under conditions prevailing in 1926, would prn*~bly have been lost.
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
n artist
who loved money first.
HILDEQARDE THORV ALD—
Plan, Purchase, Prepare For Holiday
Once Again the Busy Housewives and Homemakers Are Planning for That Great Climax of all Cooking, The Christmas Dinner
Derek painted her portrait DR. ROGERS—he met hie meet difficult ceee.
only to reach to a table at her el-
bow to pick up the receiver.
“The County Airport Is calling Mies Constance Maldwejl," a voice •add.
“This is Miss Maid well/’ Constance choked.
“Just a minute, Mbs Maid well . . .. Here's your party, sir,” the voice said again.
Then Derek spoke, hurriedly, In lowered tones: “Darling, you did waitî I felt sure you would."
Constance swallowed twice and •aid, "Of course, Derek ... Of course I waited.”
“It's all been utterly Incredible," Derok rushed on. ' Connie, It does not seem possible that 1 have to go without seeing you again. I — you are there, aren't you, darling?"
“Yes,” Constance breathed. “Tes, Derek, I'm here."
“What must you have been thinking all this time? But It's amazing how many things turned up that we simply had to attend to . . . You do
understand, don't you?"
' Yea, of course," Constance said. “Of course 1 understand.
That sounded reasonable, must, send him off happy and pleased with her.
“I can't b.'gln to explain now. We’re taking off in a minute. But I’ll be sending for you in a week or so. And in the meantime, I want you to take u real vacation, Connie. I remember you told me you had saved a good deal; but if you need money, you must promise to let me know at once . . . Yea, Mias T'aorvatd, I'm coming ait once . . . It’s a promise, then? You’re to — oh, dan:n! " Over the wire came the roar of a powerful motor. "Goodby, darling!"
# #
i
Yesterday: So Derek says a harried goodby and Connie Is left all ¦lone In hi# etudlo things over. The dcor rattlee.
to think

CHAPTDR IV
But It wasn’t Derek at the door. It was a young man for the pic-\ lures Derek was leaving with Louie Paul, a local art dealer.
Constance had often met the young man when she hod {.one with Derek to the Paul gallery.
“1 hear you are going to California for the honeymoon," he offered m he handed Constance the receipt for the paintings. “Rather sudden, Isn't It?"
» “Rather." Constance smiled very brightly and watched him carry tfce canvases out of the studio. 9
It was hard to sit quietly waiting while the clock on the mantelpiece ticked off the precious seconds. To Constance, the passing of each minute was like the loss of a preclou*
Synonymous with this dinner 1» Tuikey, Cranberry Sauce and Plum Pudding. However, It le the cocktails, garnishes, sauces and relishes, which make it different.
These preparations might be divided into three classes; firstly, the purchasing, secondly, the prépara» tion and cooking, and thirdly, the garnishing.
In choosing your fowl, no matter what your choice may be, do not leave this Important item until the last minute. Nor will one who wishes to have a perfect dinner order her fowl over the telephone, but rather will make the choice of It personally.
If H is to be a turkey, you should know there Is much difference In turkeys. First, it should be young according to feathers (we are told young turkeys with black feathers have black feet and legs and young ones with white feet; In the second year of both kind* the legs and feet turn pink. After the third year the feet take on that grayish dull hue, and if you can detect this color you may be sure the birds have done some travelling).
In drawing the bird, do not make the slit in the breast, remove the crop through the neck. When trimming the neck leave an Inch of the skin at top to fold over on the back after the breast has been filled with stuffing. The giblets also should be saved after washing and cleaning, and stewed with water and salt and saved for the gravy. After removing the pin feathers rub the skin with salt and soda to cleanse and whiten it. In cleaning the inside, It is a good plan to allow the water to run through being sure to remove all bits of lung tissue, etc. Some prefer to clean the Inside with a cloth, but in any case never set the fowl directly In water. Season the inside with salt. The size of the bird will be ac-rding to the number of your family and guests but a small or medium size Is preferable. 8 to 10 lbs. is considered Ideal.
The average time for cooking Is 20 to 25 minutes per pound.
For garnishing the favorites are cinnamon apples or halves of orange shells filled with spiced applesauce or with jelly.
For the stuffing, recipes are legion, but I am giving you two, one will be for the Christmas and New Year's dinners^ which will follow this article.

fSÜ
*
'


I







m
v.


pearl.
There was so much she and Derek ought to say to each other . . . . She tried to rehearse qulet.y the things she must say to Derek^ Sho must be quite sane and matter-of-fact about his going without her. Because, of course, Derok was in a spot. It might be embarrassing for s young man Invited Into the home »f strangers In a purely business relationship to say out of a clear iky:
She
à

mStmz	W&k.,
This photo of King George in his field marshal’s service-uniform has just been released by the British ministry of information.
Wife it ôet
le bygone days tuberculosis was a hopeless disease and death
white feather» have
IV
is plentiful in fish oils, milk and yeast. There are abundant resources for the maintenance of a high standard of nutrition without recourse to the drug store or laboratory for synthetic vitamins.
“The use of herbs by primitive people . . . worked/* he said, "because the herbs, roots or bark brought health to a sick individual merely by supplying ‘hat which the body lacked.”
was expected, but for the pad thirty years better diagnostic procedures and better medical care has been restoring many to health so that tuberculosis has come to be considered * curable. To-day health workers have gone a step farther and claim that tuberculosis is preventable, their object now is to prevent infection entirely and wipe out the disease. The funds raised by Christmas Seals are dedicated to this purpose and will be spent entirely in the districts ie which the money Is
Pockets, Yokes Feature Mode
LI
Derek Is Adroit
“But look here! 1 was getting married tomorrow. How about putting tlie wife up, too?" . . . Later, when Derek had become better acquainted with the Thorv&lds, he could pave the way more adroitly. Derek knew bow to be adroit when he pleased.
When, the next time the door opened, It was only the expressmwi for the trunk and boxes, Confiance prepared for the disappointment. She watched him carry them out of the room with a chill linking of the heart. Only the bags that Derek was to take with him remained now as tangible evidence that Derek had ever been here . . . Thoce and the wood fire on the hearth — an<2 the fire was reduced again to smoldering ashes.
“I muetn't go on like this/' Constance thought. “I must be waiting, quiet and reasonable when he does come. Because be has got to come back. His bags are still here."
When, at last, quick purposeful steps sounded In the corridor outside. Constance stood up, her hands pressed against her throat to stifle her sob of relief . . . Only five or ten minutes, perhaps, for all the things left unsaid; but It would be something.
The door opened, and Constance's hands dropped limply to
They’re Everywhere In The Newest, Smartest Fashions
Pockets, pockets, everywhere, and in the new clothes, they do so much more than required.
In.coats, the pockets that are cut in one with set-in-belts are fine features in construction. You’ll find them in feminized trench coats.
In Coat* and Dresse*
“Look to your pockets." This is a slogan for the resort season, for pockets have become the designer’s delight, and not only are they utilitarian, but they are also decorative and have a clever knack of providing shaping for a drt;,s or jacket. Vertical pockets gvie a slimming line, while horizontal pockets at the bustline give an impression of width. Pockets of draped skirts are numerous and suggest width that calls attention to the smallness of waistlines, and to the pegtop silhouette which has been continued by some houses ever since Piguet introduced it.
Take Inches Off Waist
A favorite trick in jackets is to scoop out the pocket between hip-bone and waist, caning a few inches off the waist and enhancing the hip curve. Large-pockets posed on coats give swagger bulk to the front or side face position, they invite a hand-in-pocket silhouette as indicated by the mannequins who show them.
Yokes in coats get all kinds of close attention. A favorite yoke is shallow, subtle in a scalloped dip at the hipline or adding a bracelet at the shoulder.
A Lone Ten-Dollar Bill
The receiver clicked and went
dead.
Constance stood for a moment staring Into the extent Instrument. Then sho laughed a Uttlf wildly. A good rest!
She had just remembered that lone ten-doliar bill In her bag at home — the bag she was to have carried cm her honeymoon.
Aloue In her own rooms that af , Constance was compelled
Use Moderate Heat When Cooking Fowl
Cooking poultry In the modern way, food specialists stress, ie cooking with moderate heat. This holds true for young tender birds as well as older birds that are not so Under. Poultry, they point out, is a protein just like cheese, eggs, and other meats. Rapid cooking with intense heat hardens and toughens the tissues. Moderate heat, hdwever, cooks poultry slowly and evenly so that there is little shrinkage. As a result the meat is juicy and full of flavor, and for every pound raised or purchased there is more left to serve on the tabic.
War Will Change Styles In Shoes

1
to give some serious thought to the problan presented by that lone ten-dollar bill.
The rent for her apartment was paid until the end of the month. She was not, she reflected with a faint tinea of Irony, likely to be In serious need of clothes for some time. But there was the question of food, carfare, and laundry . . . Ten dollars would net go far. She must find some work again until — until Derek had arranged comettkig . . . “A week or so," Derek had said.
The logical step, of course, would be to go back to the Museum. 9he had stayed there, getting her desk ready for her successor till late last week; and wh
her e’des. A uniformed chauffeur | ^ca^r had appeared, not even stood In the doorway, cap in hand.
'Miss Maid well?” he asked; and
Ided silent-
coi
Parisiennes Want Warm, Comfortable Low-heeled Footwear
&
i
That the war will
PARIS,
bring about big changes In women's footwear fashions Is the opinion expressed by Charles Ritx, the head of the Maison Enzel. He says women no longer want shoes that merely look sportsy, but require them solid, comfortable and yet not he vy. Warmth Is also requisite In this winter's footwear.
Bootees Are Popular Heels are lower, and platform soles tend to be half an Inch or lees In thickness. Success Is reported already with such styles as a tie of reversed calf which has a platform sole barely half an inch thick composed of cork and crepe rubber a: weight. -In general, ties Just covering the instep are as high a shoe as the Parisienne wants for street wear, but more orders than usual at this time.of the year for afterski bootee types, leads M. Rite to believe w men are wearing these warm bootees with slacks in their country houses.
Quick Safe Action
she left, no
FOR

SORE THROAT FROM COLDS!
OYSTER STUFFING
3 cups stale brëad crumbs % cup melted butter H teaspoon salt 14 teaspoon pepper 1 teaspoon-of grated onion L-pinWoyrfers.
Mix Ingredients In order given, add oysters cleaned and drained from their 1) or.	,
RICE AND APRICOT STUFFING
If the bird weighs 5 lbs. use:
3 cups flaky cooked rice <
*4 lb. dried apricots 3 tablespoons butter.
1 cup chopped celery and tops 1 small onion
1 sprig of 'irsley chopped % teaspoon poultry seasoning.
Thé rice will expand more while oooklng, so leave plenty ef room. Wash the apricots and dry them, snip into strips with the srisscs, then mix with rice and seasonings.
a passably eligible candidate. Going back would be a bitter pill after her hIgh-hearte^le-ave-teking, but .
when Constance only ly, be went on. “Mr. Thor va Id sent me for Mr. Manthon’s bags, Miss. The time was getting short; so Mr. and Miss Thorvald and Mr. Manth-on have gone ahead In another oar. But Mfcs Thcrvald asked me to say if you were still here, that If you wish to come to the airport to see them off, I am t* drive you out and bring you home later."
Mise Thorvald asked me to say —do hint that Derek had suggested
or even wished It.
'•Please thanl: MVsa Thorvald - -"
amazed to hear her
il'Il
e •
Walking rapidly to get to the Ijjyi* jMoblng time, she strjr nnoommuzloative an-
Amazing relief of painful symptoms in 3 minutes when you use Aspirin this way

—Museum
framed i
ewers to t*e barrage of friendly banter that slie knew would greet her when she asked to be rrinatat-
hence . very light

>
ed.
Get Vitamins
From Garden
Doctor Explains Why Herbs Brought Health to Primitive j People
Putting On A11 Act Sh3 managed to carry It off with Just Ue light touch cbe had striven
Follow these 3 steps as pictured:
for:

Yes, they had decided to postpone tàe wedding for a few weeks ... Of course the girls had heard about the marvelous opportunity that liad come to Derek? ... Yes, the Hlldegarde Thorvald . . . “Jealous? My dear, have you seen her? Who wouldn’t be? But of course 1H have to get used to that if Derek will go on painting pretty women ... Of course I am going to *'« lonely with nothing to do but jus* count my naw stockings and step-ins. That's why I thought needed someone to fill In for a week or
. But when Miss Taft, Constance's superior, and she were alone. Miss Taft said regretfully. “Sorry. Con stance. Tho now girl checks in to morrow — Cod help us! .. . Now If you are be here In a month or six weeks. I expect another vac aacy then."
“Thanks Jost the same," Constance sariled with what she hoped was Just the casual indifference of one who, after all, had merely been toying with Fie Idea of going back I» work — “After all, I suppose, what I ought to do Is to take a few weeks of complete reel as Derek begged roe to do. I Just thought— if you needed someone to mark
J5 /~ -> 1» Fotsorttbrest from cold, *4 ' & l dissolve 3 Aspirin Tablets
a > ziA,
i-k
fll
of water and
Constance was ewn volse, clear and steady in spite of the tears that clutched at her throat. ' Tell her that I appreciate her courtesy, but that 1 have an wgsgemer.t ... Oh. yes — «id wish them tU » pleasant flight for
Fashion Flashes
The best source for vitamins is the garden and market—not the drug store Collum of Johns Hopkins University told Boston University students.

Turquoise has been turning up in millinery. Accompanying black costumes these turquoise hats call for the complement of turquoise jewelry.
A year ago, "surprise" colors for undercoat dressés were fuchia and chartreuse. This year they are copper-rose^ ar 1 deep aqua. Both Look well with brown, black, wine and dark green accessories, and with brown and black furs.
Dr. Elmer V. Me
2» To quick)? relieve
dis+on-	y-z —	3
_ bus of	___, A
1 (
— 10 quâouv r btéübubt. k Jr à fort and mibtr,
2 Aspirin Tablets and drink a full glass of
When he had gone, she locked and flung herself face the couch, sobbing out her
All Except Vitamin ' D "
All essential nutrients except Vitamin D may be found in the garden, he said, and that vitamin
the door
READERS, WRITE IN!
Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased *o receive suggestions on topics for her colu ready te listen to your "pot peeves." Requests I W/fÊÊÊ or special menus are in order Address ye Sadie B. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto.'
down on
despair at the desolation her per-reree anger had wrought for her. She bed meant to be so reasonable and adult, and she bad behaved
Miss
5=
if you

lure s
not go down—if throat pain is not
99
r
|ckly relieved. JW doctor.
call
C.Ul
, and is even

Bath *ks aatf raw throat quickly rdiered without dangerous, strong dings
revipce

DEAFENED
Greens include hunter and sage shades, appearing both in woollens and in crepes, and especially attractive combined with wine. This alliance is noted in plaids occasionally and often, too, green costumes are worn with wine color hats. Green and wine mixture ; woollen coats are also worn over green dresses.
MAIL COUPON TODAY
letters te “Miss
The ACOUSTICON
provides dear effortless hearing. Prove It to yourself ... no obligation.
cold follow the directions in the pictures above — the safest fast way vou at home for wonderful relief.

business
SCHOOLS
r
The
¦¦¦Aspirin gargle ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I easing throat rawness almost immediately. And the Aspirin taken internally quickly relieves the other painful cold symptoms.
Try this safe way. i
frequently, Anpirin does not harm the heart. So don’t risk drugs your
@
will amaze
Address coupon to teewal-Inwtlmie at your nearest city.
Haielltea — 66 King St. EL Kitchener—142 Victoria St 8.
— 194 Kim wood Ave. Ottawa — 241 Nepean 8L remote — 3S0 Bay Kt.
IVIndeer — 408 Harriet Bldg.
EXCELLENTTRAINING BY CORRESPONDENCE
TiXss sr:
n ROYAL CONNAUGHT
*-3 H 0 *M ! I t 0 N O N T
CVS
GENERAL BROCK
Ml
. frees
6 D fi R FALLS 0 NT
HereeresfeweftUSHAW
GOOSE AND DUCK FEATHERS WANTED
ACOUSTICOK INSTITUTE!
Please send full Information ACOVST1CON—no obligation.
Vame
It
99
PRINCE EOUJRRU

ASPIRIN
44

She tfcoctM VfAl I did put on a good cot — but, what, 1M like to know, in l going to use for money?
Paid.
Hlghent Pel
P . 0 N T
CwaTÜS!
Immediate Kemllineee
e e e e e

-ISSUE NO. 50— 39
CANADA UUWFOHTKH 4M». Telephone A Delaide 1421
Address
Fawn

• •
e o • o
a t :

Write for Catalogue. Show Bel
Dept. TP.
Bay and t'harlee Rtf.. Torento.
In
¦

u
,To Be Continued)
Of t
I
###PAGE###4###
t, should they r ad visa bk\ a ad
THE EOUlTV_
SHAWVILLE, DEC. 21, 1939
l Tourist Bureau
1
find it necewry govern their actions thereby.
On motion of Kennedy and t oisson,
authorized
A MERRY CHRISTMAS and a HAPPY HEW YEAR 11
the secretary treasurer	....
to iMix.aU the before mentioned bill* excent that of “Le Droit for •34*04 an I | any claim that may be made by or on with the friendly behalf of the Ottawa \ alley Onirlil wish for a Merry bureau, and that he be also auth«>ri/.ei
have to pay any other bills for sessional ex-
from members of this council
xud reft*
Merry Christmas
¦MS
Since last we met handshake and sincere Christmas, dark cloud# of war
ITT: i iS3w „., ,w. ««.
Q	""	I •" w‘S'fo, 1..»*
We in Canada have much to be thank motion on McConnell and McGuire, and
3TSS 5 !%%%&«%%, >»¦
hv world.	.	amounting to •'*04.C»0
%rT., K.li,;:'':m,:rid;:"ihe'-w
-S5SSH:1 sisSH =3.3
piiS'lIIll
" WOr '	McCann and Daley, this Bond gjjp
cepted as surety for the new secretary treasurer ; and he was authorized to pay the premium of flOXK) thereon before 1st March next.
adoption by the powers that lie", stated Pontiac bushmen was reft< ; :in,‘ ' e leorg.. A Savoy, of St. Johns, chairman secretary treasurer tendered h resigrn
gggSESB tSSSsSwra
u, ...psists £ v, I-..
XC" ïrr • KliS°SÆSï 5C*-i
s&s ","£¦*;?= Hi,” ! sœt'f A ISS&
ulc was intended merely to annoy Pontiac student enrolling in the t>i » -armers and would be of value solely to ma Agricultural Course at Macdonald notariat*. he declared These claims or Oka was road and the ^re^ry-
fact1that' 'in'mos*night' accidents oTthis fî?tïK to I. H. Hamilton to cover •ype the rig owner is the worst sufferer, said bonus for four lontu. students An antomoble will stand for much ban! attending MaikhmaUl this year,
¦i punishment than a horse drawn ' motion ot McCann and Kennedy chicle. Usually the latter is battered Councillor Plcan gave; verbal notice
O shreds, the horse is put out of use, that a by-law would l«e introduced next
,ud the occupants are seriously if n-t sessioni to levy the county iate 1 e, iatally injured.	, and a letter Iront J. C. Mi C uaig was
“1 have before me a clipping describe read concerning the finances "f tlie risu ng such an accident which took place and Game Protective Association at
evently, concluded Mr. Savoy, and I . Hull on which no action was akem ind that an adult and a baby lost their Councillors McConnell and Dowcey lives, that an elderly man suffered a moved that this Council, through h l
fractured skull and two other people Lawn, M L A . urge tlieVue^ Govern-
verc very badly hurt. These five victims ment to complete the unfinished l'ont ion vere all seated in the horse drawn, tin- of the Campbell > Bay kazabazua road, lighted farm wagon while the party in and also undertake the construction of
lie colliding automobile were not even tlu Sheen-Tenuteaming highway •raised.’	soon as [sisstble, and Pleau and l oissoc
X
I

i

I
>

on
X
X
x
X
To all with whom we have had the
4V
x
In the profound belief that the spirit of "On Barth Peace, Goodwill Toward Men" will ultimately prevail, the management and
staff of the J. L. Hodgins Garage wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
k
privilege of doing business, whether
sellers we extend

K
as buyers or as

most cordial greetings and sincere
and
iK'AM
X
wishes for their prosperity welfare in the year that he> ai^ead
x
& as sc
Safety League Want Lights.on All Vehicles
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REDO.

iiaWH
Iflrrvvi
!
01

Nrut year
(fhrisimaa


T
To All
Our Customers
We Wish You
And Yours
m
friends and custom-
o greet many
the district with the hope you

ers in
will enjoy good cheer at Christmas and throughout . the New ^ ear.
moved that the secretary-treasurer urge ! the Tern beaming County L nnncil to cooperate in the endeavor to get the latter | highway started, both of whit* carried
I At the regular <|untlerly "eesien i'f the |, n h	2S
î % sâ sTsarrssfirœs
Poupore, Burke, McGuire l leau, presa to Ur. H. T Hardman, its retiring
111
jor 1939, •36.M) ; from the Corporation they are divisible by 400. This is ^r..d people “ ** 1 * v‘ ' * I	December U 1930
of iiimpbeira Bay for rent of the hall why 1900 was not a leap year and ta* ; 113 S!‘e*	x	The icguUr meeting of the Shawville
for 1939, |36.; from H. T. Ilurdman the year 2000 will be. All this is in-Municipal Council'was held at Hynes’
or salary as secret ary-treasurer, rent of accordance with the calendar ar-	Hinred Bill	Hall on the above date. Present :
)fee, postage, telephoning, etc., during rangement worked out by astrono-	woodcock has u hinged bill. Mayor G. G. McDowell in the chair,
¦Bsssstii! à~i£SSE: %sSi: ™ "
mm iFÜmsilSÜiiSEr"
Tourist Bureau.	act age of this tree is not known.	--- The Shawvitle Milling Co
Moved by McCann and Barr, that but it is believed o be nearly 1.200	Oroust Called Pheasant	William McCuaig 
this Council withdraws and cancels any years old. * «	There is really no native Ameri- Harry McDowell.
and all connections it may i irmerly ha ve	—- ..an pheasant, although the ruffed Mrv. R. Howard .
Hill ######%
f6ch time the man yanked the ies. have been introduced into this to adjourr And that drew a crowd	jountry with any wide success. |	§
COUNTY COUNCIL MINUTES
A Merry Christmas
and a
Happy New Year
LESLIE DALE
Shawville, Quebec
Wilmer Hodgins

Shawville,
Quebec
NOTICE
Of Application For Divorce
Notice b hereby given that EMILY FINDLAY, of the'Town of
Timmins, in the District of Cochrane, in the Province of Ontario, married woman, will apply to the Parliament of Canada, at the next session thereof, for a Bill of Divorce from her husband, JAMES VEUNEY FINDLAY, of the Village of Shawville, in the Province of Quebec, retired farmer, on the ground of adultery.
Dated afTimmins. Ontario, the 15th day of November, A D., 1939.
CHARLES H. KERR.
Timmins, Ontario.
Solicitor for Emily Findlay, Applicant.

ESTABLISHED 1383
COACH
INVALID
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
Shawville Council
,
Phone 80
Beattie’s Eye Service
$62 S3 48 19 21 66 6-) 83 33 76
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beatties Eye Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
will see
7 60
10 00 16 00
16 22
If you want to see is you should see you
Beattie s Eye Service
7 40
60
60

Scientific Eye Examinations
91
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
V
said Bureau to th tt

effect by registered letter, and the War- j den and Secretary-Treasurer he author j tied to procure legal advice ft* t»/th»‘ financial responsibility of this Council
on to the financial obligations of pole
s on
ne
KATHLEEN M ROLUN3
T.T. BEATTIE

I
Hàeland C. Row at
Sec-Treas
¦I ( t

###PAGE###5###
*e
m ,
VV"
SR
W- ’V

. - t;

Service Announcement

The Equity
PRINTING
811 au vu te United ( mm H
I^w^CIKFokm B. A 1-- 1> I’k'tur
Beedey, Deceit- -
Service at Shftwviild Si-rvice at Zion	1
3.00 |*b&.—Service at Stark i Corners
Sermon at morning and afternoon l»y t},9 Paste i I v Triple
5 Wtfl W • '
I
Bslibllehet 18S3
pnni.mmm kvrbt tni n*»*t at SBAWVILLE, QUEBEC
annual subscription
Anywhere in Cnnntln To United State*.....
11.00 a. in to $ m
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all y out printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside
firms.
Let us do your :
$1.50
Christmas
• #

2.00

Service at Bbawvillo.
The Pastor will preach on ihe •ohjeet :
‘Ti e Greatest Christina^ Gift .
At nil appointment! Rpeci.il < hristu k : At Slmwvillc, the choir will lead in many old time Christman carols And render several special ts numbers.
AU arrears must be paid in full before any paper is discontinued
w. o. convan; publisher
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements,
Posters Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
Healîhfui Antarctic That the Antarctic Is 6 health Utopia, where gcrir*» have tittle •hance tu thrive, is the discovery of )r Helmuth Husserl, sc entist, of Vienna, who is sUiytns m Capetown. South Afr < •» mid wlo advances the theory that earth ray# may Le the cause of cancer He returned from 'die Antarctic in the whaling factory ship. Suderoy. and .suggested that los pit a I ships should be sent to the South Polar reg ons with patients He Is of the opinion that in the Antarctic oir, full of curative proper -ies, the patients would have the greatest chance of recovery He las reported to a German society that those who spend their lives at
contract cancer. He holds

ri am I	m> CiugcH
C. ARM.-tTitOMiJ-ÔAl fc»
H. D.
P.FV
It
f
Sunday. December 24
St Audre** Sunday School 10.Cm» a. aa.
St. Andrews, Service. ---U-00 a. in,
Knox.	Service	2.30 pm.
Austin, Service	7.30 p. m
Christ me# Message at nil appointments
Everybody Welcome

I



ANGLICAN ,	St. Pacl’s
Sunday, December 24
• il?"J iv> ..	# ^	•; jc7 T*' /. jj.il V’bul
10.00	a. m — Sunday School Morning Service Withdrawn
7.30	p. m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
11.00	a.m.—Holy Communion
St. Lvkeh
g.OO p.m —Holy Communion
Christmas Day Sr. Paul's
8.00 a.m.—Holy Communion
10.30	am.—Holy Communion
v
sea never his strong evidence that the gene
us of cancer are the earth rays.
the equity
PHONE, 75
We appreciate the hearty co-operation you
have shown us in the years past, and we
of Christmas Seasons, and that will bring .the Peace and all so ardently hope for.
Printing Paper Money All the paper money and postage ¦tamps used by the population of •he United States is printed at the bureau of printing and engraving Here 5.000 expert employees turn iut a daily overage of 3,360,000 currency notes In this institution one -alsc* slip of a workman's tool or a miscalculation of a width or depth of line may destroy the merit of months of labor nnd cause n grave business tragedy. Tip burer.u has since 1352. when it occupied
room in the a»Uc of the trees-¦¦¦	si/e. covering 15
Vis torn ure
wish
z
a
you the merriest New Year
Prosperty we are


A

f
Parish of North Clarendon Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge
Sunday, December 24
North Onslow, Holy Communion" 10.30 Thorne Centre, Holy Communion 2 30
Charter»,
grown
one
ary, tn its present
acres of t »r spa encouraged to a k quest or* ir. this
tuilding. tuiich cairses on n labor
nost far.ciratn.e pot ho;	.i!i
functions of government
Evening Prayer ClIRfbT.MA3 Day
7 00
m
Holy Communion 8.30 a.m.
Grcermount, Evening Prayer 7,30 p m.
Christmas Photos — The Perfect Gift There’s no gift quite so personal and friendly as your photograph, because it’s you.. Two extra photos with
each dozenT
H. lME3ostf Photo Studio
todtitga
S8S36K

Hog For Service
Purebred Yorkshire Hog for Service,
Service fee flW
Donald Sbabpf, Caldwell, Qnc.
for service.
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co,
To all those we have been privileged to
serve and to our many friends throughout the district we extend out heartiest wishes for a bright and joyous Christmas, and a Prosperous 1940..
ROYCE J. PRENDERGAST
,	Shawville,	e
( ihort nose type). Apply to

Astronomer Describes
Movement of Tiny Stars
J. J. Nassau, director of a Cleveland observatory, is able to describe how two stars whirl around each
other 6,000.000,000,000,000 miles away.	. .
ProfessoL Nassau and his assistants, diligCTit skies scanners, have kept watch over 100,000 stars for the last six years recording their ob-
little three-inch
I’ueeUcU Vwkuhirç Bog
F",m A&E CLARKK
Moorehead, Que

Que,
Registered Yorkshire hog. Service
fee 11.00. Apply to,
CLIVE SMART,
R. R 2, Shawville, Que.
In Memorinms
Alfalfa for Poultry WÊÊÊÊÊÊM
It ia a common practice ft r poultry • men to give their hem dry alfalfa hay a » green feed in winter, but it Is not so common to chop and steep the 'alfalfa before feeding. However, for several years, chopper steeped alfalfa has been fed to the hens at the Dominion Expen mental Station at Harrow, Ontario, and it has been the sole means of supplying them with roughage and green feed for winter egg production,
Cards of Thanks	When properly prepared it may be
wmm
^ r\
Mm. John Frvncih Dale.
‘hone If) l

servations with a photographic telescope.
The stars, discernible only as a single black pin point on a photographic plate, have been measured ^y^en da,8 arv jgpk and friend* are few, and gauged by the astronomers. ^ear father, bow we long for you. They have determined their dis- Friends are fnends if they are true, lances from the earth, the circum-	we |ost onr best friend, when wc
;each,Ctlie0 in Sty of" I ighf andThcfr '	,ost >'on-
respective masses.
The stars are in the region of the
This is one of two
Fee
to w*®»
* Registered Yorkshire hog Service tee, f 1.00 i Club members free Apply
to
B. J. TRACY,
Yarn. Que
Wife and Family.
Registered T*m worth hog, haeon
ype. Service fee 11.00. Alw for rale i number of young Temworth P'g,. “,'h sex, pnrebredd. $ 00 each, or IMM*
-gietered. -Apply to ,	•
Charter!*, Que.
Purebred Yorkshire registered Hog, prize-winning stock. Service fee,
Apply to
WlLMEfi H. Hoixiis-s 9 R. H. No, *, Shawvitle.
New Beg. Pare bred Yorkshire Hog
"IfflSJïa»
\\ 2, Nhawvillr, Qui
purebred Yorkshire H-g, selrd type
*"*»'"¦ 81	1,% KNOX.
McKee, Que.
Northern Cross. ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ sections of the sky the Case astron have been watching for the
omers six years.
Sometimes they are |	M
their vigilance by the appearance of star or the explosion of a They have discovered
nesse<
rewarded for | ing the illness a
husband
away
a new
known one. ¦ _	¦¦	¦¦
unusual pair of stars called an
eclipsing binary.
Each photographic negative is scanned with a microscope to determine whether any of the specks have changed size or whether a new dot has appeared.
rom SI.06.
an
MacLean’s
\
RED & WHITE STORE
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
C I
1
In the Spirit of the Season
Serry (titfristmas

Rojf 6. Fraser
l
o our many friends we extend our Heartiest Wishes
for a very
Merry Christmas
and
Novelties
Gift»,
Flower»,
(Ehristmae
(Greeting*
To all our frieeds we extend Best Wishes fer a right Merry Christmas and a Happy Hew

RENFREW, ONT.
Phono 160
\
Box 666
m

Flower Styling,
We is
that's our business
Just an expression of appreciation for. your business and courtesies of the past year, and a sincere wish for a Merry Christmas and a most Pros-
New Year for you and yours.
M!
Year.
A Happy New Year
C. H. MacLean
On
vite your patrontgejjMJi
orders of 11.00 or over, phone
$6.00 or over phone us collect and wt .all prepay.
With the passing of 1939 1st
Ieoh confidently to the j » ey coming year at one of in- « "r * creased prosperity fer w all.
1
Ob orders of
MS
r Z
perous

THE CORNER STORE
Shawville Bakery
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
SMAWVILLE.
1
1 e. ¦
Shawville, Quebec.
- QUE.
:
e.d 11 ».«•
? / Z / Z / z / Z
/ z z /

#
•j m

2
###PAGE###6###
f *
«
Seed Potatoes Become Famous
Submarine Escape Device b Tested By British Sailor»
Appreciation
Of Farm Life Can Be Taught
VOICE
of the
PRESS
.• -
NEWS


In Ontario This Year — B.C and Argentine * Are Heavy Buyers
PARADE
Provincial Minister of Agriculture De wan Commends Women’s Institutes’ Objective of Building Up a Rural Peo-
J. T. Cassia, potato expert, Ontario Department of Agriculture, says that Ontario normally grows 150,000 acres of potatoes. With every farmer using certified seed the same number of acres would yield much larger crops. In some cases certified seed has been known to increase yields 100 bushels per acre ocer nou-certtfled seed.
Purchase Requirements Now
Mr. Cassln reports 200.000 bushels of Ontario potatoes have passed Inspection for certification this Fall. He points out that dealers can hardly be blamed for purchasing these potatoes for table use, and advises that farmers should purchase seed requirements now, while they may be obtained at reasonable prices.
Ontario seed potatoes have become quite famous with a 500-bag carload being shipped to British Columbia recently. The Argentine has also been a large buyer this Fall. In the neighborhood of 800.000 crates of potatoes, each crate weighing 110 pounds, have been shipped from the Maritimes to the South American republic In recent weeks. -	%
THE WAR:
Week by Week
BY DECREE — UNDEMOCRATIC
There Is nothing undemocratic about two-year terms for municipal councils, stites Hon.
Cross. Certainly not, but the moth-of making the change may be. The war urgency does not Justify government by decree In Ontario. — For Brie Tlmes-Hevlew.
MORE FARM HORSES
There has been small comfort In recent years for those who sigh for the good old horse and buggy days, but at long last here Is a crumb. It Is officially reported that there are more horses on Canadian farms this year than last. The total for 1939 Is 2,824,340. as compared with 2.820,700 In 1938, an increase of 3,640. — Kingston Whig-Standard.
CLOUD OVER THE HOLIDAYS
Every year safety officials look with apprehension at the approach of December. They call this month _ , of the three "killing” months of the year. Of all the week-ends In the year, those of Christmas, and New Year’s are the most sorrowful and tragic because of traffic accidents. These are caused chiefly
by persons m/ÊKIÊKKÊfKÊHSÊ
siderate and drunk while driving.
— Toronto Star.
pie
The Allies’ quarrel with Germany took a back seat last week
when Russia Newspapers, radio, politicians of all continents, dropped the war on the Western Front in favor of the more sensational developments In the Baltic. Everybody condemned the Russian mov @||||||||||||||||||| Is, everybody but Nazi Germany and George Bernard Shaw, (who said that the Finnish Government was very foolish; it should have known better).
Startling as were the actual facts of the Soviet Union’s invasion of Its neighbor’s territory, even more Interesting to the wide-awake public in all lands were the implications in this aggressive move, and the question it raised; Would the Allies declare war on Russia? Would the Scandinavian countries contribute more than moral support to Finland? Would Russia resign from the League of Nations? Did this move on the part of Russia presage joint action between Germany and the Soviet in Scandinavia, in the Balkans? To students of International politics one thing appeared obvious: there was in tho Finnish affair than met the eye. Why otherwise should Russia have risked antagonizing the whole world?* Was Stalin playing for enormous stakes, yet undisclosed? wadJi^^HIBH the Soviet position in preparation
for a coming war with the rest of civilization? The world will henceforth watch Russia, rather than Germany, to learn the outcome of the present European conflict.
Eric W.
v

Hon. P. M. De wan, provincial minister of agriculture, endorsed tho teaching of appreciation of farm life In an address to' the 33th annual convention of the Central Ontario area of Women’s Institutes.
invaded Finland.

that
“I am glad to note that the central theme of your program continues to be of an educational nature.” Mr. Dow an said. “I can think of no loftier objective than that of building up a rural people, healthy in body and mind, and of Instilling in them a fitting perspective and appreciation of country life.
"Fight Own Battles”
"In order that such an objective may be attained, it Is necessary to make life on the farm attractive In every possible manner. Conditions about the farm homo must not only be attractive, but farming must be remunerative also. And security our farms will come only when folk are qualified to fight their own battles and when they have effectively impressed upon people in other occupations the Importance of pro périt y for the farmer.
Tho minister made a plea to tho women’s organization for aid to rural beautification through weed eradication.
/
s*

cne
on
„a.iuts oi Lie British nay's “pig boat fleet" learn how to use the Davis submarine escape apparatus in special diving tank at a British naval school. The device, similar to the U.S. Momsen lung, wi11 prove a life-saver in case their undersea fighter should be disabled aim sent
to the bottom.
GET
our copy

who are careless, incon-
more
i
Have Tallest Men
Slight Decrease Municipal Debt
o
NTARIO
UTDOORS
Honors for the tallest men in the Canadian Active Service Force are claimed by the 107th Field Battery, R.C.A., with three recruits from Cranbrook, B.C., six feet six, seven and 10 inches tall respectively.
he consolidating
The Book Shelf
Gross Total Bonded Indebted-
of Canada’s 4,317
By VIC BAKER
•'THE SEA TOWER"
ness
Municipalities Dropped in
1937
by Hugh Walpole
RECORD ARCHERY MEET
The largest bow and arrow field shoot on record wns held recently by the Canadian Archery Associa- ]*rs and cents because, from the lion in the vicinity of Klelnburg, I educational standpoint, to know Ontario, and reported a complete I the migration routes of these birds success. So rapidly has the inter- I M to where they are each season est in field shooting developed that 0f the year, where they nest, and a committee was formed at Klein- where they spend the winter is burg to take over the organization extremely important knowledge, and arrangements for future field ân(j records are given to the
Department of Natural Resources at Ottawa for safe-keeping.
•With the liberation of his 20,000th tagged Canada goose, Jack Miner has set up a record for all conservationists to aim at, to say nothing of the thousands of ducks, ' robins, and mourning doves he has banded since 1909.
72
In his new book. "The Sea Tower," Hugh Walpole, one of the greatest masters in English of the psychological novel, brings us a study of strange and violent human relationships, of a mind warped by a single dominating idea. An
of fear fills the
#
Paget
Some intimation of the wide spread intrigue, plotting, counterplotting. that is going on under the surface of European politics given last week in a news despatch from Rome, which hinted that Conservative British circles would be pleased if high-up Ger-' moderates" were to succeed
Gross total bonded Indebtedness of the 4.317 municipalities in Canada declined to $1,337,207.189 in 1937 from $1,353,124,228 the previous year, according to a report from the Dominion Bureau of Statistics. The net Indebtedness was placed at $1,065.947,020 after deduction of $271.260,163 for sinking funds.
#
HERE'S HOW I
n#
71 •
was
Time Hockey Statistics
uncanny sense story. The tenant of the Sea Tower ia Christina, a young girl from the teeming streets of London. She has married a man from Cornwall, in London for a three months' visit, and at the end of that time is taken hack 'to the old tower standing by the sea, to meet the mother who has exercised absolute domination over her sons and proposes to brook no interference in her conduct of their lives. Her hate for Christina deepens and spreads until her mind Itself is affected by
man
in ousting Hitler and Ribbentrop . . . making Goering the head of a new German government story tied up with the kitdnapping by the Gestapo of two British agents who were whisked away from an inn on the Belgian border and accused of complicity in the Mun-
Syrvp lobWj or two 24b. I la bolt, or two Ivory or C
shoots.
And while were on the subject of archery Its worth mentioning that just the other day down on the Telllco Plains of Tennesee the
member of a party of
Durham
Sc So*
Where The Money Went
While the gross indebtedness in 1919 was only $729,000,000. it was explained the large increase In following years was due chiefly to the growing demand for local improvements. the Increase In educational facilities, the expansion of public and social services and the municipal charges to provide for unemployment and relief problems.
Including arrears and penalties, total tax receipts from all municipalities during 1937 amounted to $255,866,004. compared with $263,305.402 the prAious fear. Total assessment of taxable real property was placed at $7,648,427,488.
This
lone woman eleven hunting wild Russian boars with bow and arrows in the Cherokee National Forest drove a steel-tipped arrow through a 200-pound tusker — the largest to be killed
Bee Hive Syrup
loh bombing.
The thirteenth week of the war also saw Premier Dal adieu become virtual dictator of France for the duration .... renewed activity on the Western Front, Rhin e-Moselle sector . . . more neutral ships were sunk" on the sea . . . the Admiralty announced that Great Britain had lost 4 per cent, of her total naval tonnage in three months of
this season.
How Russia’s Move Into Finland Affected Europe
the struggle for power.
Rising, first slowly ami then by swift degrees the story comes to a stormy and brilliant climax.
‘Tlie Sea Tower" ... by Hugh Walpole . . . Toronto: Doubleday, Doran and Co., 215 Victoria St. . . . $2.75.
BAGGED BOARS
Buck Allison, athletic director of Nashville University, also bagged a boar, making but one shot from his bow to kill a 100-pounder. Roger Raymo, president of the Knoxville Archers Club, drove an arrow into the heart of a 170-pound boar to make the first kill of the three-day hunt. He was barred from further hunting because of the bag limit of one.
Game Warden Earl said Ray mo's tusker was almost a perfect sped-of the wild, boar brought to
m
Riga JIUSSM DifiANM 4U ***** SitltD ÔY A/SM PUB DOflfNATlO Ay Qt/SS* i
Ë23 Autio to &u$M fi/
|==3 ANTI9NAZI AWES
n»*ur*ALS /
war.
4

First Capture
A Porcupine
North Country Chef Gives Recipe for “Delicacy", Roast Porcupine -
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
4
V
i-t»
°.h
r
s\s
jGrtk. f*
©
men
the forest In 1914 from the Ural Mountains by British sportsmen.
Sea,
n LC
a



/
/
i
Obie Wile, cook at a mining property in the north country who is famous for his cooking, claims
delic-
JACK MINER TAGS 20.000th
GOOSE
Jack Miner, internationally famous as the owner of the Jack Miner Bird Sanctuary at Kingsville, Ontario, is the first pioneer bird-bander ever to get a complete record of where a bird was tagged and when and where it was shot. He tagged his first bird, which was a duck, in August 1909 and later received a report that it had been shot in January 1910 at Anderson, South Carolina. This constitutes the first complete bird-banding record.
Research Work In Nature
In 1916 Jack Miner invented a net to catch Canada geese and placed his first band on a goose leg in 1915. Since then he has build his net over 20 or more times to perfect it with the result that up to last spring—over a period of 25 years—he has caught, banded and liberated 20,000 of these largest of waterfowl game- birds.
This research work in the realm of nature cannot be valued in dol-
\


VIV

ïr

O
s
:¦
/
• •


• •
that roast porcupine is a
?

ary.
The recipe is passed on for the benefit of the gastronomically inclined connoisseurs of the unus-
i.
• •
illp
&V
Î





ua:.

Roll It In Clay
First catch a porcupine. Then, after the due rites of execution and cleaning have been observed, make a large fire. Now secure about 50 pounds of clean clay into which roll the late Mr. Porcupine. The ‘ball of clay' is then placed on the centre of the fire and left for three hours. When the time has elapsed the clay is very hard and must be split down the centre with an axe. The quilli and t.':e hide stick to the clay. The pink meat is ready to eat. Delicious, they say.
Miners say porcupine tastes similar to rattlesnake, which Is considered a delicacy in New York.
If MAM IA
%
4»

».
f
%
m
».
BJocJv.
• •
FAIN



I

A
Uu

ii*
*>
e
As *<•
Westward sweep of Russia into Finland brought repercussions from most of Europe's neutrals. Soviet planes dropped bombs on Hel-(1) and Hango (2). Red naval forces seized and held Hogland, La van sari and Seiskari islands (3), threatened Aland island (4) and from former Estonian islands of Osel and Dago (6) sent out sea and air raiders. Finland (A) has nickel, vital for Russia and Germany. They need high grade iron ore from Northern Sweden (B). Finland, Sweden and Norway (C) are linked in loose treaty of defence. Netherlands (D), Belgium (E) and Switzerland (F) fesr attack by Germany while Russia diverts world attention. Italy's (G) position is still further aggravated by Russian move, fearing Soviets' next move will be into the Balkans. Hungary (H) is afraid to antagonize Germany, but still is anti-Russian.	•
• I %
//
h
sink!
msm

e-H-
Took Only Movie
Films Of Meteor
“Wasn't He Supposed to Salute You, Edgar?"
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Inside Information
Rev. A. W. Bamfield of Toronto has taken what is believed to be the only moving picture in full colors in existence of a meteor flashing across the sky, it was announced at a meeting of the Toronto Amateur Movie Club. Duplicates of the film will be sent to scientists and amateur astronomers all over the world by the David Dunlap Observatory there. The picture was taken by Mr. Bamfield duriag a fishing trip in Northern British Columbia



/ V
r

DIDtf T THE DUMBBELL KNOW THAT THE.
. ICE WAS THIN» ^
*
HE'S THE QUT THAT JUS PUT
THE

j
¦ i

*
P^

OANCLR

;

T -=

4*.

’ /
Vs


m
m

< 9
4
O
<
n
Jungle Ways
f
P *t
gjj#
il
i
I
l!
I

i
Of the big cat family, leopards and jaguars will attack man, but pumas never.
HJJaL
\

###PAGE###7###
Bankers Confident of Canada’s
Capacity to Meet War Needs
BANK OF MONTREAL'S 122nd ANNUAL MEETING
!
DOUBLE AUTOMATIC BOOKLET
PALS
HaveYonHeird

While emphasising the gravity ef the present world situation In Its bearing on Canada, Huntly R. Drummond, president of the Rank of Montreal, at the 122nd annual meeting of shareholders voiced his belief in the essential unity of the Canadian people and confidence In their ability to weather the storms that might lie ahead.
“We stand a united country in our war effort,” declared Mr. Drummond. “It remains for us to bring the full strength of a united Canada to the work of prosecuting the war to a successful conclusion while at the same time keeping our affairs so in hand that we may enter the readjustments of post-war conditions ns free of inflation as possible. with debts at the minimum possible and with morale unimpaired.
“I am confident that just as we have entered as a unified Canada into the fiery ordeal of war, so we shall emerge, a nation one at heart but more mature in thought and aspiration, ready to go forward as a member of the British Commonwealth of Nations to the great destiny which undoubtedly awaits this country.”
Government Control#
Among the subjects of public interest he discussed, Mr. Drummond referred to the government' el measures for the stabilisation of supply and prices for “the more efficient prosecution of the
he recognised their necessity and •pointed out that business institutions, including his bank, were co-operating to the fullest extent with the government, he made it clear to his hearers that these regulations were a restricting influence on business. As soon as the conditions which made them necessary no longer existed, they should, he said, be abolished.
In the matter of taxation and public finance, the president urged adherence, as far as was practicable, to a “pay-as-you-go” pol-
Speaking at the meeting also was Jackson Dodds, who presented on behalf of himself and his fellow general manager, 0. W. Spinney, a financial statement which revealed new high figures In the history of the institution.
Assets Over Billion Mark
Touchirg upon the fact that fer the first time in the bank’s history the items on the balance sheet amounted to over a thousand million dollars, he said these figures were a measure of the bank’s responsibility to the public, and as the problems which this responsibility entailed were so widely misunderstood, it was perhaps permissable to sav a few words on the subject.
Nothing could be further from th truth, he proceeded, than the claim frequently made that the banks were reluctant to risk their money in loans to business, preferring the supposedly easier course of holding securities. “Our deposit liabilities do indeed require us always to hold a due proportion of high grade securities as a supplementary reserve against them.” he said. “But beyond such requirements we would prefer in all circumstances to use our lendable funds in sound advances to foster industry, trade and commerce. Our organisation, with its net ion-wide system of branches, has been developed with this purpose particularly in view. In consideration both of service to the-country and of profitable business tc ourselves, we naturally wish to see our facilities fulfilling their purpose to the fullest possible extent
“Unfortunate!) our readiness to lend to creditworthy borrowers does not affect their disposition to apply for loans, for the demand for commercial loans depends upon the state of trade and the prospects of profitable use of borrowed money. The fact that the condition of the markets for many of Canada's principal products has in recent years prevented anything like a full recovery of business activity or of commodity prices has therefore limited the inducement to borrow, and has confronted us with the problem of finding other use for our funds. The possibility of seeking a way out of this situation by relaxing our standard of safety in lending money is of course precluded by our obligations to depositors.”
a

ll]
a
%
The liner quivered from stem te •tern, and then, with a harsh, grating sound, k came to a full atop, Suddenly a man In a long, flowing white nightshirt was seen to appear from the direction of the cabins and make tor the captain's bridge.
“Oh, Captain, Captain," he cried; “what’» happened; have we struck an iceberg? Shall I get Into my life belt? Won’t you please lower the boats ?"
“Too late," replied the captain; “we’ve done all we can for you, and you’ll have to look out tor yourself now. You see, we’ve Just tied up In dock."
Si

%
mm
9
\
M
s
•Jâli
à
il»
e

Canadian National Railways Revenues
The gross revenues of the all-inclusive Canadian National Railways for the period ending November 80, 1989, were $6,606,197, as compared with $5,111,222 for the corresponding period of 1988, an increase of $1,898,976, or 27.8 per cent.
“An alarm clock? Whatever do you want an alarm clock for?”
“Well, I've been late coming home from work these last three mornings," said the night watchman.
at?
Goerlng: “It seems, my Leader, that many of the old German nobility are dying off."
Hitler: “Ja! Von by Von.”
The postman on a country rout# called Jim out and bonded him a block-edged envelope.
“Looks like somebody died,"— he said.
“Y'yee," answered Jim In a worried tens. “It's my brother Joe. I recognize hie handwriting."

The dainty little wife went to a lawyer to seek a divorce.
Lawyer:	"Have you weighty
grounds for divorce?”
Wife: "Yea, desertion.”
Lawyer: "That la a good r When did your husband desert your
Wife: “Yesterday afternoon. I was looking In the window of a milliner’s shop and ho Just went
Robert Taylor can't resist a dog and he baa a down different breeds in hlsJtennel. Here are two of his favorites, Princess, a Boxer, and Champ, a terrier. This picture — •napped 'at Bob’s San Fernanda» Valley ranch.
That the mole Is sightless?
The mole can see. For protection, its eyes are set so deep in the fur they are almost invisible.
Relief from
Of
catarrh? Get relief
on.”
COLDS
Oea
How Can I?
^The toast of the town just naturally burns up when she la neglected.
"Are you going shopping today?” said a night watchman to his wife.
"Yea, do you want anything?”
abe asked.
”1 want an alarm clock.”
war." While
ii
Awe
ev ANNE ASHLEY
Nasal Catarrh

Gives
Q. How can I make shoes waterproof?
A, Melt two parts of tallow wtth one part of resin. Warm the soles of the shoes, and while the mixture Is also warm apply It to the soles as long as the leather will absorb It.
Q. How can I re finish the edges of rugs when they havo become worn?
A. Buttonhole the edges with a heavy yarn of the proper color. This Is a method practiced by repairers of fine Oriental rugs.
Q. How can I revive lemons that have become old and dry?
A. Put the lemons into a pan of hot water and keep at an ev temperature, without boiling, for about two hours.
Q. How can I simplify the task of measuring dark or light brown sugar?
A. Heat the sugar In the oven and measure It quickly while soft. If the sugar Is kept In the refrigerator or bread box, It will remain
COMFORT
$
Daffy
MENTHOLATUM v
Classified Advertisements
icy.
“But it is in reducing expenditure in non-essentials,” Mr. Drummond declared, “that our Government can give a lead to Canadians. Sectional needs should no longer be given first place, nor should our railway problem, with Its cost to the country of a hundred million dollars per annum, be left unsolved.”
AGENT# WANTED
VIKU TIRES FOR SALE
MEDICAL
A GOOD SALES AGENT SHOULD represent & good company. we want good representatives for unoccupied territories now. Our nursery stock le the best that money and experience can produce. Six-hundred-acre nure fifty years' business. Write ! ham Nursery Co., Toronto.
GOOD USED TIRES. ALL SIZER Lowest prices. Inquiries Invited Brockton Tire, 1111 Dundee West, Toronto.	*
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—WRITE for free booklet and full particulars regarding our amaslngly successful hyblood treatment Pedigreed Products. Seek a toon. Sask.
FURNITURES FOB SALE

THIS IS WHAT MRS. NBILSON. OF Tecumseh, Ontario, says: for It years I suffered with swollen legs end broken veins. Could not wear shoe» or stockings. For months I could not leave my home. After using Crouchman's Uniment, I can go out and enjoy life where It left off II years ago. Demand It from your druggist or write J. R. Crouchman Co., Ltd,. Windsor, Ontario.	-	_
LYONS
478 Yongc St., Toronto
FAST-SELLING REPEATER, NO competition. New disposable tissue duster. Big commission. “ADE3 . T - KLEEN" (Ontario) Red'd. 616 Tonga Street Toronto.
BARGAIN»!
ask this question. When refused, the majority of employers, If busy, sill Ignore the caller.
Q. What does It indicate when a man, leaving the dinner table, leaves his napkin in his chair?
A. It would seem to Indicate that this man Is from the timber lands.
Q. What la a good definition of Jealousy?
A Shens tone's definition is, "Jealousy is the apprehension of superiority.” For example, If a young man Is Jealous of a rival's favor in the eyes of a girl, It Is an admission that this rival Is superior In some way.
Q. Should one cut buttered potatoes with a knife?
A. No; the fork should be used.
Q. What Is the most popular boutonniere for ushers at a church wedding?
A. A whits tarnation.
RECONDITIONED
FURNITURE
\ C zxr. S piece oak Dining Room ,JeVV Suites, buffet. extension table and 6 leather seat chairs.
Solid oak Dining Room Suite, completely reconditioned. buffet, extension table and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
AC (u\ Beautiful 9 piece oak Din-
‘tj.vv tag Room Suite, perfect
condition, buffet, china cabinet, extension table, and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
CO nn Dining Room Suite In rick jy.VAJ walnut finish, large buffet, extension table, china cabinet and I leather seat chairs. qq nfx Colld walnut Dining Room oy.VU t;uue (cost new $275) completely refinished, buffet, china cabinet, table and 6 leather upholstered chairs.	_ .
zxfx Complete Bedroom Suite I» ^l.UU rjch Walnut finish, vanity, chiffonier, full sise bed, eagles# spring and new mattress.
Modern Suite In two-tone walnut finish, vanity with Venetian mirror, chiffonier and full sise bed. completely refinished.
Beautiful modern Bedroom Suite, with Venetian mirror, dresser, chiffonier, full elss bed. sagless spring and new mattress.
CARS, NEW AND USED
Modern
Etiquette
soft.
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS, LTD., Toronto's oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers:	three locations.
Ill Mount Pleasant Road, 2046 Yonge Street, 1226 Danforth Ava Our used care make us many friends.	___________
Q How can I bleach a scorcbsd
spot on white goods?
A. Rub ths spot Immediately with a cloth dipped In diluted peroxide. Then run the Iron over it and It will -be a» whits as origin-
al u sic a L INSTRUMENTS
24.00
BY ROBERTA LEE
FOR SALE AT SPECIAL PRICES, new and used piano accordians, alto, tenor and baritone saxophones. clarionets, trumpets, trombones, dru
EDUCATIONAL
Q. When a person with whom one Is talking mispronounces a word, Is It all right to use the same word a minute later and pronounce It correctly?
A. NO. Unless the person is very stupid it is Obvious to him that you are making a correction. It Is better to avoid using that particular word.
Q. When the secretary of a business man asks a caller to please state his business with her employer, should the caller comply?
A. Yes, because the secretary has no doubt been Instructed to
ms. guitars, etc. BatKürs. Write for particulars, ShelTon-Sherwood Co., 366A Tenge Street. Toronto.	_______
ally.
STUDENTS NOW ENROIJJNO FOR courses in Matriculation, Short Story. Journalism, Shorthand and Speech Culture. Make use of your spare time. Write today. Canadian Correspondence College, (established 1902), 229 Yonge Street, Toronto. „	_______________
Q. How can I dry wet bedel >thes quickly?
A. There Is w better wey to dry wet bedclothing quickly than with a hot water bottle, placed between the bed covers.
OFFER TO INVENTORS
INVENTOR full Infor-
AN OFFER TO EVERY List of Inventions and matlon sent free The Ramsay Co Registered. Patent Attorneys, rtr Bank Street, Ottawa, Canada.
FARM FOP SALE
PRODUCTIVE
NINETY ACRES
clay loam adjoining village, good buildings, spring watered. Two thousand cash, balance 4 per cent William Pearce, Exeter.
Plan To Cease
Use Of "Oyez”
PERSONAL
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY. Inexpensively. Home „ remedy. Testimonials. Guaranteed. Advice free. Bartlett's. Box 1, Winnipeg.
GARAGE AND SHOW ROOM
39.00
British Columbia will drop a quaint old ceremony which had its origin in the days of Norman rule over Britain if the provincial Legislature approves amendments to the Elections Act now being prepared by a special committee of the House.
The ceremony is that In which the returning officer at an election reads a proclamation beginning with the words, “Oyez, oyez, oyez,” at the close of nominations. The phrase, meaning “hear ye,” was first used by persons making proclamations for Britain’s Norman kings in the 11th century.
FOR SALE. NORTH TORONTO, one of the best business locations —building 66 x 110. For full particulars. E. C. Bastsdo A Co., SSI Egllnton West. Toronto.
RAW FURS WANTED
49.00
SHIP YOUR FURS TO US FOR full market prices L A Jones, 189 Talbot St, St Thomas. Ont
HARDY APPLE TREES
High Men In Beef Cattle Judging At Chicago
Solid walnut Bedroom Suite (cost new
RANCHERS AND TRAPPERS
65.00
HARDY APPLE TREES — 60 CTS. each. Canada's Low eut Priced Nur-growlng leading varieties
_____Trees. Ornamentals. Write
Immediately requesting sensational offerings. Tobe'e Treery, Nla-gara-on-the-Lake. Ontario.
1185.) massive dresser, chlffrobe. full else bed. sagless springs and spring-filled mattress. completely refinished, r QC AND UP. Large assortment of Dressers In various fln-
ALL PRICES ON RAW FURS ARE low. Why not get the most for your fox pelts by having them tanned and made into attractive and sell them direct?
eery,
Fruit
scarves
Workmanship guaranteed. Silvere $8.50. red» $8.50. Thoe. Emack. Taxidermist Queen St. E., Toronto.
lshes and sizes.
Brand new Mattresses, all
sizes, well filled and tufted with roll edge and strong durable covers.
4.50
FEATHERS WANTED
and Furrier, 1872
HIGHEST PRICE FOR NEW AND used feathers. Robinson's, 281 Brock Avenue Toronto. Write for quotations.
Chesterfield suite. 2 pieces upholstered In brown mohair. Marshall spring cushions.
Chesterfield Suite. I pieces, upholstered in velour, rose shade, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
14.50
POULTRY BREEDER#
HAVE YOU ANY POULTRY-MAR-keting problems? Get our circular with valuable hints on how to get the best markets. Bray Hatchery, 130 John St. N., Hamilton, Ontario.
< %
22.50
HAIR GOODS
t>
WIGS, TOUPE8. TRANSFORMA-tlons, Switches. Curls, and all types of finest quality Hair Goode. Write for Illustrated catalogue. Confidential terms arranged. To- rooto Human Hair Supply Co., 528 Bathurst Street, Toronto.__________
Beautiful large t piece Chesterfield Suite, atered In rust repp, reversible shall spring cushions.	¦
¦j ç zxft Large brown mohair Ches-terfleld Suite. 1 pieces (cost approximately 8185) beautiful e<f reversible Marshall spring
reconditioned
That sponges are aquatic planta?
Sponges belong to the animal kingdom.
29.00
uphoL
ar-
CHICKS OF POPULAR BREEDS for immediate shipment around December 12th and 18th. Put that empty brooder and colony house to work making extra money. Write for further information. Bray Hatchery. 180 John St N., Hamilton, Ontario.__________________
new
cushlone^complete^y^ (groehler)
upholstered In brown Jacquard velour, reversible spring filled cushions.	_ .
Odd Chesterfield, brown mohair, reversible spring
INCREASE YOUR EARNINGS
14:0
ITÇHgai
Bess
D
EARN DOLLARS READING YOUR newspapers! Dime and stamp brings Information and surprises! K. Rem be, 627 King SL W.. Hamilton. Ontario. _________________
PUPS FOR SALE
ck
7 50
NEWFOUNDIAND PUPS, REGI8T-ered, children's guards and companions, priced to clear. D. R. Oliver. St pm y», Ontario._
ÜSldàaTStiT
luTtnd D. D
cushions.
FURNITURE FOR SALE
Singer drophead Sewing Machine. In oak cabinet
12.50

&

CHESTERFIELDS $\ WEEKLY
guaranjeed^ Cab|neti |n oak with
sliding porcelain top. Co pletelr reconditioned.
RUT WITH CONFIDENCE
with a |M»ltl ¦tee ef eatlsf
RHUAR PAD#
*¦&
RHEUMATISM
9.95
GIVE SPEEDY RELIEF FROM ALL the aches and pains of Rheumatism. Arthritis. Sciatica, and other kindred alimenta Simple, a fa sure, economical. Not a drag — no nauseating medicine to take. No upset stomach. Don't delay. For convincing proof send one dollar to-day for SO days treat-
Remedtes. Room Street Toronto,
S-PIBCK CHESTERFIELD SUITES In velours and repp covers, factory reconditioned, originally expensive suites, better than a cheap, new one. S pieces complete. $14.10. Three piece chesterfield suites, newly recovered In choice repp fabrics. Just like new. at half the prica Three piece
$19.06 $6.66 down, $1.00 per
freight to your r„ Roval Chester-U" Richmond

cy & w
All
rji



LYONS
FURNITURE CO. 478 Yonge St., Toronto
ment to Rh lOOt, ISO Bay Ontario.
Plate
t W acturere.
station. Dep field Manufi Sr. K Toronto
SCHOOL BOOK#
w
HOME STUDY COURSES—BOUGHT •old, rented. Educational books, etc.. Canada’s largest dealer. Lowest pricea send for list Economy Distributing, Leamington, Ont
MACHINERY
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
WADE PORTABLE DRAG SAWS— Delta woodworking tools — electric motora Belting and shop supplies of every description. The A R Williams Machinery Co. Ltd 64 Front St. W.. Toronto
New
TOR#, POWER-UNITS, Hyd
SKATING OUTFITS
IN REBUILT MO-

SKATING OUTFITS.
used. $176. $2 25. $2.65 I quality. $2 61, $8.85. $4.25. plue poetega Pterlesa 111 Dundee W Toronto.
SLIGHTLY New high

free:
i
ISSUE NO. 50—*39
Wef cattle judging and was a XHtario Agricultural College, (»uelpn.
Deni. CIA


###PAGE###8###
OOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Look Here
Bryson Defeat Shawville In Badminton
Photographs of the children become increasingly precious with passing years. They, too, in later years, will appreciate the record of their childhood. The appropriate gift. Christmas special two extra photos with each dozen
If. Nison’ii Photo Studio
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost etc.
After defeating Shawville B id min ton Club at Bryson Monday night by a large margin, Bryson played a return game at Shawville on Wednesday night and again defeated Shawville eight games to
Fur Pelts Wanted
and L. Dale, Shawville, def. Mas, aud Wm Carswell, 11 — 0, 11—« ; J.
Betmivk and B Mi Tier nan, Bryson def. ( has. Kitts and D. McDowell,
11 3,11-1; Art Smyth and B Foreman. Shawville, def. J Ben nick and A. Gorasaoti, 11—0, 11—8 ;
.lame* Cordon aud Harold Pokes,
Shawville. del. L. Luth a le and J.
Carswell, 11—0, 3—11, 11—0.
Ladies’ Doubles—E. Migneault ami Mrs. A. tiornsson, Bryson, del
Sophia Hod-11—3, Il 1 ; lva Carswell and
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa. Ontario
This old reliable Fcdiool bas removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario school with
reputation. Open all year
o


FOB SALK— One driving hoi.se, four
cv iJallantt:- r
8-11.
years old. Apply to Per Maryland. Que. J'hone
•Mr
»
St

FOR SALE or EXCHANGE Mure rising two years old, will {sell for reasonable cash price or exchange for work horse. Apply to Hvm«icll Elliott, Charter!*, Que. Rhone -ML-31.
Ont
I wish to announce to the public that I am in the market for all kinds of Seasonable Fur Pelts and assure highest market prices.
KOUltlS It, HORN EH, Licensed Fur Dealer,
Shawville, Que.
Attend a an established
Srrru (Christmas
LOST—One Shock Absorber (aiiuplauo type). Finder please leave at The Equity Orooe or Rhone 71,
w. I, COWUMC President
w. w. BRAITHWAITE
Principal
FI
!
HAY FOR SALK — Quantity of well saved hay for Male. Apply Fraakr, ;I54 WaveiIcy St.,
To you, whose friendship means much, we wish it were posssible for us, to call and wish you and your loved ones: “Every Happiness— not only on Christmas—but always.
to Donald Ottawa.
JAMES A. MILLAR
L L .L.
advocate, barrister
Mr*. .1. Gordon ami
Tiny Animal Aids Study ! Of Cell's Regeneration
A new discovery in cell regenera- »
gins	¦ ¦
Mrs. J H mvvk, Bryson, def Elaln Homer and Marion Smyth. 11-8,
(ioMMOivltryson!^!! Owe”Shaw I ,io»« a >g-making factory in a small |129 MalnSt., and Ethel Smart. 11-7, 11-1. animal which grows 12 or more legs Mixed Doubles James ami l va every,lime onc 18 cut °ff, »as re-
Carswell, Bryson, def. Mr. and Mrs. ported recently at the American As-J. Gordon, 11-4, 11—8; Mrs. <>. sociation for the Advancement of Fades and Jm. Tollmrst, Shawville Science.
def. Mr. and Mrs. J. Kennick, 11—0 The leg-making was described by
Iso bel Sly and B. Foreman, William Balamuth of the University
Shawville, def. Mr. and Mrs. A. of California. He found it in a very
Gorasson, 11—8, 3-11. 11—5 ; Mrs. complex, tiny animal, named sty-
C. Walls and B. MeTiernan. Bry- lonychia. It has many legs, usual-
son. def. C. Kitts and Sophia hy about a dozen, all primitively
Hodgin*. 11-0, #-11* 11—1 ; L* formed by combination of Cilia,
Migneault and L Lut bale, Bry- which are hairs of living proto-def. B. Midledge and Edith plasm
ip® gaË:'
¦	*	*	~	'system to inhibit overproduction.
The '‘factory’1 produces the materials for new legs. These substances seem to migrate to the sites of legs. There the old limbs dry up and the new ones sprout. The same “factory1* docs the same thing for the lashing hairs which the animal uses to sweep food into his mouth.
The discovery shows there probably is only one mechanism capable of doing this kind of work and scientists do not know hew to cre-
B A
fOR 6ALFÎ—Dwelling house xituatc! at Stark * Cornera. Includes Lot 1ÜÜ feet, by Mil feet, six room house, B.C.flr flnlsh, u ii zx woodshed, sunmici kitchen and tiled H Ull| QUO, ! well, for further particulars apply to,
1 O..B. Fui.io*n, Cowansville, Quv.
etc
A tPontiacHouse, Shawville,
Wednesday afternoon
every
ROOMERS—Several large comfortable rooms, furnished. Apply
Howard. Shawville. Phone 99
to G. A.
A t Moyle's Hotel, Campbell'eBay, every Wednesday morning.
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
cfsifs. sfussssœ, r
y overhauled and painted, also ouo
S	AS;
11
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
23 0
Phone, 43
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGll University
SHAWVILLE. QUE.
Okfive — In Lhe G. F.Hodgin* Build Main Street, Que.
FOB SALK- One Driving Sleigh Cutter and one Set of Smple Harness
Apply to Ciian. Bvasei.u Bristol, Que Phone 4 -2.	•
one
son
FOR RENT
Comfortable dwelling house, situated in east end Shawville, modern conveniences and garden. Apply io Mrs. Clifton Corriuan, Shuwvlfle. or M ns, Tnoe. Kkm.t. Ilreckenrldge, Que.
The
!
Enroll Now
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Person* desiring to enroll in the Red Cross Nursing Class will be received up to Decent ber 28th, 1030. Apply to
Mrs. Reuben Smith, R. N.,
or
Mrs. Earl McDowell. R N
9
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc,
: Campbell’* Bay, Que In Lawn Block )
J
TOR SALE—One Gelding Bleed Colt rising two year-hid sired by Apply to Klphji) Mlk, R R N
Orrici:
Drown i. o. 3, Shf w
Greetings

FOR SALE—One pood driving ho: -r, rising 5 years. Apply to L. R. Kkon, McKee, Qncbcv.
CLINTON H. POWD
B. A. LL.B , C. L.
Advocate, Barrister
Main Street
O EACH and every one of our good friends and customers we send our Best Wishes for a Very Merry Christmas and a Prosperous and Happy New Year.
Wisconsin Excavators
Uncover Coral Fossils late one
FOIl SALE OR EXCHANGE - One Wood gelding, live yearold, will exchange foi heavy volt, or sell go reason able terms. Apply to Hknry McOobu (. hartcrl*. Que. Phone. .KK 26.
etc
In an Indian grave near Racine.
Wis., excavators found an oddly-marked stone. Though not shaped for any use. it must have been pre-
to the early chief with whose a period of 20 years by Capt. John
Siam per ius, visited Seattle aboard
IIi’LL, Qvr.
Phone, Slier. 1364
Seagoing Aviary
A seagoing aviary, built up over
Vi Pnntia 11
Shaw\ il h-, Qnv
?ry Friday evening
i>e
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
CIOUS
spears and arrows it was buried That stone was a fossil coral mass tnotorship Delftdyk of Rctter-
:i dam. The 40 specimens in the cages
that line the walls of the lower bridge were rescued from probable death by the kind-hearted captain after they tired while flying over the sea and alighted on the ship. Normally they would have starved to death or died from exhaustion. The collection includes Japanese thrush, saffron finches from Colombia, a Holland blackbird that is a fine singer, two Cuban doves, several kinds of canaries, two Clarke’s crows and other species. The crows are a puzzle to ornithologists as well as the captain. They landed on the Delftdyk in the middle of the Gulf of Tehuantepec, off Lower California, where the weather is trop-
FOIt SALK—Dwelling house nnd outbuildings with 3 acres uf land, on highway to Norway B*jr. close to school nnd
churches. Apply to Mrs. Edna Young, Maryland. Que. Phone Shaw ville
that lived in a late Devonian 300.000,000 year's ago, writes Cat roll Lane Fenton in Nature Maga
a home of clustered
DONAT Le GUERRIER
¦ A.. LL. ¦„
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
WIND ('HAIUiKIt—llanic** the wind and turu it into electricity, by having a new wind charger made and installed at, a very rmall cost, and terms If desired. All work fully guaranteed HOWARD BROWN Phone 0
+#e+2

It \\
zinc
translucent polyps whose bases built it up in lacy details that were revealed when the fossil was polished. Though discovered in a Wisconsin mound, both its species and its preservation show that this coral originally came from a hillside in northern Iowa.
1E>
Apply to H. 2, Shawville.
Branch at Quyon Monday on
Matters dealt with bt
"ill call any
request, correspondence
î
\	* Or MPa

Men and Women Wanted
Xo bigger line of household nccewitie^ ny where. Price* get business. 1 Quality assures repeat*. High Commission and plenty of advantages. Season at its ¦ height. If you are Interested in a permanent work, steady pay an I a good PHONE, 2--22191 future, investigate onr Plan at once without obligation Montreal.
r
;
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT
1»9 MAIN STRICT
HULL.
That Iowa hillside
j of a long-vanished sea. There also | are banks of fossil sponges and j countless thousands of early shells.
| Farmers turn corals up with their plows ; sponge banks are blasted,
! crushed into bits and burned to form I the cement from which buildings and pavements are made built from fossils often cross streams whose beds are filled with corals, sponges and shells weathered from } near-by beds of stone.
The richest fossil beds arc shales that weather into yellowish clay. There the Indian's coral is found, along with many that are shaped like horns
single pit on the specimen from the old chief’s grave; at .its top we find a deep, ribbed cup in which the delicate polyp sat with its tentacles stretched forth in search of food.
h in corals
Merry Christmas
and a
Happy New Year
4
this*
BARRISTER
FA MI I,EX, :,70 St
QUEBEC
At Proud foot's Hotel, Campbell’* Bay every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 j, m At Pontiac House, .Shawville Tuesday from û.OOto 8.00 p.m
ical
Roads
o
Wilson’s Garage
Meanings of Colors
Each of us has a preference for some particular color, but not all of us know why.. A slight knowledge of the meaning of color will help us analyze our likes and dislikes. It is wise to consider the characteristic properties of individual colors before we proceed to change the color combinations in our homes. Red, for instance, symbolizes vitality, energy, power. It is highly stimulating. Blue signifies tranquillity. Psychologically, its influence is quieting. Yellow symbolizes light, cheerfulness. Green soothes, yet exhilarates.
every
We hope that Christmas 1939 will be a memorable one for the joys it brings you—one of those old Christmases when all men seem by one consent to enter into the spirit of good will and rejoicing. May 1910 bring you good health and success.
The Same Reliable Service
D. J. CAMPBELL
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
Each horn matches a
Phone 8 I
Ford Service
GRAHAM SPENCE
BARBER

Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
On the sides of the “horns'* many animals lived, just as they live on corals today. There were worms with tubes like tiny snails, from which red plumes appeared when nothing was near to cause alarm.
Delicate structures that looked like moss were the homes of branching In loving memory of a dear husband bryozoans—creatures whose closest	and father, George G. Hodgina, who
cousins were shells living on the	departed this life, December 17, 1937.
mud near by. Indeed, some shells Deep in our hearts you are fondly re-come closer than that, cementing	membered,
themselves to the coral masses Sweet, happy memories cling round among their tiny relatives. Corals,	your name ;
in turn, grew upon shells: for they True hearts that loved you with deepest had to have a solid base on which to	affection
begin their curving horns. How they Alwiys wiu lovc yo„j in dcath thp managed to keep upright, even then, |	,ainc
is a problem no one has solved.
Dental Surgeon
Shawville, Quebec
J. P. Wilson
0
mduateof McGi) lTDiversity P)it Graduate Work ib Detroit and New York Hospitals SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC ,	Phone ]0*
Vr. Campbell* Bay from Friday night to Monday nigh of each week.
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
In Memopiam
in charge
There wns a good attendance of members and several visitors.
After the routine of business dealt with, the tea at Government House was reported by Murray.
Mrs. Hailey read a very interesting out line.of the work of Mrs.
Watt, associate president of the Countrywomen of the*.World.
Plans were made to hold a rug making demonstration during January.
A paper was read describing the recent visit of the Scotch Women to Canada.
The convener of Child Welfare and Public Health, Mrs. Leonard
Angus, reported having attended Pennsylvania is rich in historical a meeting in Shawville, where an associations that date from earliest I The family of the late John W. attempt is being made to organize colonial times, fort Necessity Na- Horner desire to express their sincere a school for Health Leaders.	tional Battlefield site, administered thanks to many friends and neighbours
An exchange of Christmas gifts by the National Park service, me- for their great kindness and expressions took place of the usual roll call. ! morializes a battle in which George of sympathy during their recent her nieetmg closed by singing I Washington, then a major of the Vir- ! cavement.
ssws szz."
Campbell, Mrs. H. FnJford and Mrs. Thacker.
Wyman Women s Institute
The members oi Wyman Women's Institute met at the home of Mrs. J. B Amm for their monthly meeting. The vice president, Miss Edith M. Edey presided, as misted by the secretary, Mrs. W. F. Pritchard. The roll call was answered with “some ways in which we have spoiled Christmas.”
Mrs 8. W. MacKechnieand Mrs. W. F. Pritchard told of the Tea at Government House which they had attended.
As a branch of the Red Cross Society has been organized at Quyon, Wyman W. I. will do work through it, and Mrs S. XV MacKechnie was appointed representative. Some sewing was given out. A donation of money will be given to the Red Cross Society.
In co operation with the El inside XV. I. it was arranged to have a rug demonstration. This will be held in the basement of St. Edward’s Church on January 10th.
“A Christmas Story by Nellie McClung, and a reading entitled “ChristmasSongs and Anthems,” were followed with singing «of Christmas carols. An exchange of gifts was a feature of the meeting. The National Anthem was sung in honor of the King’s Birth day. Tea was served by the hostess, and a social hour followed.
was
Horses For Sale
Mrs
Three Colts, coming three years Three Co
H. K. WILSON, M.D
Its, coming two-years
Three Foal\ coming one year-old
Three good drivers and good work horses.
Eye, Ear, Nose end Throat Special»
Payments accepted on good securities on 6 to 12 months time.
Ever remembered by
Wife and Daughters
OTTAWA, - ONT mut, Î--7M1
Apply to
O. A. HOWARD <k SONS
Frost & Wood, Cockshutt Im* Ford Cars and Trucks, Shawville, Que.
Pennsylvania Is Rich
In Colonial Era Data
CARD or THANKS
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building
nd St root MONTREAL, QUE.
PLATEAU 6 3 tt
¦ ^Tenders Wanted
Tenders will be received for a quantity of good body hardwood. 22 inches long, suitable for furnace. Tenders to be in the hands of the President or Secretary not later than Dec. 23rd, 1939.
H E. ELLIOTT,
Sec. Treaa.
Dru
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
Washington, advancing upon the French forts in western Pennsylvania with a force of 300 men, learned that a large detachment of the French was approaching. Hastily throwing up crude entrenchments which he grimly called Fort Necessity, he awaited the superior forces.
For nine hours the French and I j their Indian allies unremittingly at- * tacked the makeshift fort. Then a parley was called, as a result of which Washington with his little garrison was permitted to retreat, in order and with the honors of war, on condition that he surrender the J prisoners he had previously taken. I
DU. WALLACE J. W. HOOCINS Surgeon Dentist
Sail 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West
MONTREAL, QUE.
Poultry Wanted
REPRESENTING. COMPANIES
ft^Strong
Pelts and Hides Wanted
Shawville Egg and Poultry Association will receive live and dressed poultry on Tuesday of each week until 4.00 p.tn. For further particulars apply to	A
Experienced
BILAIR 6 267
J
El inside Women’s Institute
An interesting and enjoable meeting of Klmaide Women’s In stitute was held at the home of Mrs. Ruby Armstrong, on Wednesday afternoon, Dec. 13th, with _ the president, Mrs. XV J. Murray I Phone, 9 7
I wish to announce that I am in the market for all kinds of pells—cow hides, horse hides, sheep and calf skins. Highest market prices paid.
Dependable Through Generations
raw
GEORGES CARON
B. A
Advocate, Barrister
B. T. SÇARK,
Anager
NORRIS R, HORNER,
Phone 43. Shawville, (joe.
SHAWVILLE - QUE
Friday, Saturday and Mat da y
A
%
i

-A
1 i
