###PAGE###1###
Clarence T. Brownlee R 1 Shawvilie
ac
\
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2 00 to the United States
I
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, MARCH SO, 1A3»
No 40, 56th Year
Cowling
PERSONAL MENTION
Senator R. B. Horner «pent the week end in town and vicinity.
Mr*. C. F. sisters, Mr»
Thompson, in Perth, Out t dining the past week
Messrs Lloyd Fill ford and R W. Smiley, of Ottawa, attended the funeral of Mr». John Smiley on Thursday of last week.
Mr- and Mrs Rupert L Smiley, of Ofiniston, Sank., attended the obsequies of the former's mother, Mrs. John Smiley, at Starks Cornels, last week.
Mr. Thoe. XVyatt, inspector of
immigration at Sa tilt Ste Marie, Ont., has been a guest of Mr. B. H. Cochrane at the Pontiac House during the past week.
Mrs. Donald McLaren, of Am prior. Ont, attended the funeral of her step father, Mr. James Crick, at Stark's Corners, on Saturday afternoon.
Mr. and Mrs. R. J. Hopper, of Chapleau, Ont., have been visiting their daughter, Miss L Hopper. Reg N. Mr. Hopper returned to Cha pleau on Monday, and Mrs. Hopper is remaining for a tiim
BORN
HonoiNfl—At Charter!*. Que., on _
wwiiMMiny. Maid. 22,71, 1930. Business College
to Mr ami Mrs. Lawrence Hod-	0
gin*, a daughter.	~~
The guessing contest for an eight dty Mantle Clock and other prizes closes March 31st. Please have your tags in by then
Shawvillk M ii'.linv Co
Shawville Hardware
C. Powles visited het . n Dunn and Mis.
Food Sale-Zion Women’s Association will hold m food sale in Mrs. Hunt's building (opposite Pontiac House) on Saturday, April 8th, at 2.80 p. m.
Omission—In the list of floral tributes to the late Mrs. James Wilson, published last week, the following names were omitted Mr. and Mrs. Harold Hodges, Sudbury. Oct., and the Misses Guys, Ottawa.
Auction Sale —Geo. Blewett will hold an auction sale of live stock, farm implements and household ertects on Wednesday afternoon, April 12th, at one odock, at the home of Edward H. Mee, 7th Line, Claiendon.
38 Bank Street Ottawa, Canada
The only business school in this district that measure# up to the standard set by the Business Educators Association of Canada— the highest in the Dominion.
Enter any time. Individual instruction

the Çenuine
DIED
Shmrwin - Williams a	w
emHustre
>
CONOLLY—At her lute residence, 7th Line, Clarendon, Que., on Monday, March 27th, 1089, Mary Elizabeth Strutt, beloved wife of the lute John Conolly, in her 79th year. The funeral was held at 1 30 o clock on Wednesday afternoon, 29th hint., from the late residence of the deceased, to the United Church and Maple Grove Cemetery, Shawville.
#3 r
3a
SATIN-INANE!
$1.50
W. I. COWLING, President
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
The sensational washable satin enamel for walla, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other stains
Per
H	wash off with soap and water. We have
QUart • Ml selection of the lovely pastel shades.
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
Mrs. John Smiley Die* After Lengthy Illness
After a length period of dines*, the death occurred at the home of her son, Vertel Smiley, nt Stark*# Corners, on Tuesday, March 21st, of Eliza Jane Smith, widow of Johu Smiley, in her 70th year.
The late Mrs. Smiley was bom in the township of Thorne, a daughter of the late Mr and Mrs. Robert Smith. She was married in 1890 to John Smiley, who predeceased her four years ago.
Left to mourn her loss are three sons, Vertel and Kyle, of Stark's Corners, and Rupert, of Ormiston, Sank.; one daughter, Mrs. Vivian Rose, of Stark’s Corners ; two brothers, Robert Smith, of Greer-mount, Que., William John Smith of Fort William, Out, and sister, Mrs. Ida Anderson, of Stark s Corners.
She was a member of St. Alban’s Anglican church for years her and past officer ot the Women's Guild, and a past president of the Stark's Corners Women’s Institute.
The funeral was l*dd on Thursday afternoon from her late home at Stark’s Corners, to St. Paul’s f Anglican Church in Shaw ville, land was attended by a large number of friends of the district Service was conducted by Rev. T. Leggit, of Portage du Fort, assisted by the rector, Rev. T. E R. Nurse. Interment was made in the Shawville cemetery.
Pall-bearers were, Messrs. R. A. Hodgips. William Adam Hodgins, Lloyd Fnlford, Robert Cartman, W. C. Schwartz and H. I Smith.
Floral tributes were received from, the Family ; lut. Nickel Co.; St. Alban’s Ladies’ Guild ; the Jay. Smith family
family ; Grade IX Shawville High School ; Mrs. John Brown. Forester’s Falls ; Friends at Regina Sask.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Oefk K — In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street. Que.
Car of Rennie’s No 1 Seed Corn to arrive latter part ot April. This car was bought to compete with the lowest price that anyone will offer. May we have your order now ?
Call and see our new 1939
Wallpaper Samples
Shawville Milling Co
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
Mr. James Crick Aged Resident ol Stark s Corners Passes
Dog Tax By-Law Sanctioned By Clarendon Ratepayers
By-law No. 93. imposing a tax of one dollar on all dogs within the Municipality of Clarendon, was sanctioned by the ratepayers on Monday. 27th. the vote being 55 for the By law, 46 against.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Stricken with a heart attack shortly after supper on Thursday evening, March 23rd, James Crick, died before medical aid could be secured, at the home of his son-inlaw, Mr. Cecil Elliott Corners, at the age of 88 years Mr. Crick had not been in his customary good health for several days and Thursday afternoon reretired to his room.
Mr. Click was born in Linton, in North Devon, England, and at 88 years of age emigrated to this country, taking up residence in Clarendon township He carried on for years the occnption of a drainage expert, from which lie retired 20 |>ears ago. He was twice mai ritd, first to Mrs. Katie Little Stark, and of this marriage there survive* one daughter. Mrs. Wm. Welsh, of Stark second wife was Lizzie Stark, of Clarendon, who predeceased him
Two sons, William and Henderson, and one daughter, Mrs T. C. Elliott, all of Stark’s Corners, of this union survive.
„For many years Mr. Crick was a leader in religious movements of the community ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I her of the Stark s Corners Baptist Church,-and since it was closed had attended the United Church He held for years the position of local secretary of the Bible Society and was renowned for his ability as a Bible class teacher.
The funeral was held on Saturday afternoon from the residence of nis son in law, Mr Cecil Eliott, to Stark’s Corners United Church and Cemetery, and was attended by a large number of relatives and triends. Service was conducted
CLINTON H. DOWD
B A. LL.B , C.L.
Advocate, Barrister, etc.
Stark s
Hull, Que
>1 six Street

Phone, Slier. 1354
'
Shawville United W. M. 8.
The March meeting of the United W. M. S was held in the Sunday School room on Thursday last, with Mrs. C N Woodley in the chair and Mrs. 8. E. McDowell taking the minutes.
The meeting was in charge of Mrs. Langford's group. Mrs L Hodgins led in prayer and Mrs. Reuben Smith dealt with the second chapter of the study book. Mrs. S E. McDowell sang as a solo, "Ride on, ride on in majesty.”
A special Easter service followed with readings by the president.
Spring Housecleaning
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e sry Friday evening.
a mem
DONAT Le GUERRIER
• .A., LL. B.,
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC

You will require some new Curtains See the new spring patterns
I
JBianch at Quyon ; will call any .Monday on request.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
I
s Corners. Hi*
à
Marquisettes —
Dr. R. E. DAGG
- SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building ‘ Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE.
in 1905
r „ v
New cross bar—dot patterns Green, Gold, Rose, Red, etc.
All 36 inches wide at 25c per yard

I
cïsïïi soSMUriïL*.

The closing meeting of the Shawville Ladies’ Curling Club was held in the club room ou Monday afternoon with a large attendance of members.
The officers elected for the year 1939 - 40 are as follows .—
Hon. president, Mrs J. H. Stewart ; president, Mrs. Edgar Hod-gins ; vice president, Mrs El wood Cameron; sec-treasurer, Mrs. J. C. Gordon.
Executive—Mrs. R. G. Hudgins Mrs. C. H. MacLean and Miss I. Shaw.
Social committee —Mrs. W. Gibson. con ; Mrs. T. Shore, Miss M. Cochrane, Mis. N. Drummond. Mis
L.	Caldwell and Mrs. M. Hodgins. Match committee — Mrs. A. D.
McCredie, Mis. G. Paul, Mrs. W, Harris.
Holders of the Erskine Cup are, Misses V. Klatt, I. Shaw, A. Turner. Mrs. R. G. Hodgins. skip.
Winners of the Club pins—Mrs. W. Gibson, Mrs. E. Hodgins, Miss
M.	Strutt, Mrs. E. Cameron, skip. Prizes donated by the Club for
the Club schedule weie won by Misses Evelyn Dale, Vera Klatt, Muriel Strutt, Alva Turner, skip.
Consolation prizes were won by Miss Hazel Hodgins, Mrs. J. C. Gordon, Mrs. W. Harris, Mrs, \V. Gibson, skip.
Prizes for sudden death games donated by the president, Mrs. R. G. Hodgins, were won by Mrs. W Way, Mrs. N. Drummond, Mrs. G. Paul, Mrs. A. McKay, skip Prizes donated by Mrs. H. Cochrane, were won by Mrs. J. Horner, Mrs. H. Stark. Mrs. P. J. Wilson, Mrs. E. Hodgins, skip.
Winners of prizes donated by Mrs. L. Armstrong were, Mrs. A. D. McCredie, Mrs. E Hodgins, Mrs. E. Cameron, Mrs. P. J. Wil-
He was a mem
the Geo. Smith
PLATEAU 638S
0%. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.

Special Plain Scrim —
All white 34 inches wide at
2 yards for 25c
Ronald McO redie Defeats Brother In Juvenile Curling
One of the most exciting con tests of the local curling season was staged at the rink on XVed
mm
Elliott, William and Lewis Welah. | % ,,nk. ftnd 6Cores .
BILAIR 3 267
D. J. CAMPBELL
Rayon (lets —
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Mesh patterns, etc
Phone 81
35c to 65c per yard
Dr. R. G. DOCKS

pn


Dental Surgeon
E3C
rn

LJ


LJ
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell's Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week.
Special in Mats and Rugs
Bedroom Mats —
Yellow, Rose, Brown, Blue,
Green, and Mauve, nicely finished with fringed ends.
Sizes, 27 by 48 inches
Limited quantity..........
Grant Gibson Roland Ren nick
Kingsley Smyth Allan Black Urquhart Campbell Cameron Rowat Hewett McCredie .Ronald McCredie
Skip-11
Shawville A. Y. P. Discuss The Church and Youth

At a largely attended meeting of the young people on Monday evening, three shott paper* were delivered by members of their group;
The subjects were, "The Contribution of Youth to the Church", which war given by Miss Myrtle Stevens. "The Need of Reverence __ __ . in Worship" by Miss Lucille |	9 Main St.9
Brough, and "Worship in the Church of England", by Miss Lois Boland
Following each paper the gathering was invited to ask questions.
The three papers, which were excellently rendered, were greatly appreciated by the young people.
At the close of this part of the program, a letter was read from the Dominion Council, regarding the Conference of the A.Y.P. to be I U8 MAIN STREET, held in early June at Vancouver.
The Secretary was instructed to write for further information. The I At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay
ïrsa'sK:1 -a; I.....
number attend the
The Spring Flay, "Silas Smidge from Turnip Ridge" was discussed and arrangement for its presentation made.
After seveveral games the meeting came to a close.
Skip—7
All
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
JAMES A. MILLAR
Eye, Ear, Note and Throat Specialist
Extra value,
B. A
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
Hull,Que.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
AtMoyle’s Hotel, Campbell*!Bay,
every Wednesday morning.
ISO METCALFE STREET,
OTTAWA, -
PHONE, 2-7961
ONT
98c
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer
Bailiff Superior Court
«
QUE
son
Borderless Rugs —
Heavy Vel-Felt. Four nice patterns to choose from, sizes 6 feet iby 9 feet
Special Vatue
Frizes donated by Mrs. Edgar Hodgins. for doubled, were won by Miss I. Baskin, Mrs. F. J. Wilson, Mr*. M. Hodgins, Mrs. E.
Cameron. *
Single prizes, donated by Mrs.
A. D. McCredie, were won by M«\s.
R G. Hodgins, Mrs. E Hodgins,
Misses Melba Hodgins and Idena Brownlee.
Winners of spoons donated by the Club were. Misses M. Cochrane,
L. Brough. F. Brough, I. Shaw,
Mrs. A. D. McCredie, Mrs. T. Shore,
Mrs. L Dale, Mrs. A. Brough. Mrs.
C. H. MacLean, Mrs. Art Hodgins,
Mrs. L. Caldwell, Mrs L Kelly.
Winners of prizes for the mixed bonspiel, donated by W. A. Hod gins, were, Rueben Smith, Mrs. J C. Gordon, C. H. MacLean, Mrs E. Cameron, skip. W. A Hodgins, Mrs L. Armstrong, Graham Mr. W. J. Hayes wishes to make Spence, Mrs. W. Gibson, skip public thanks to Mr. Allan Judd
After the distribution of the for the return of a sum of money prizes tea was served by the social1 which he lost on Centie Street committee.	Monday of this week.
V
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT » BARRISTER
PHONE, 2 -22
SHAWVILLE
$1.59
Gordon T% Paul INSURANCE
HULL, QUEBEC
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
representing ompanies
Strong
Experienced
.Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d
CLARENCE T. BROWNLEE
REPRESENTING
MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE Co.
OF CANADA
Phone 18--7, R. I, Shawville, Que
Shawville
Quebec
SHAWVILLE - QUE
on

###PAGE###2###
Wt,


Lieutenant-Governor Matthews inspects Guards as Ontario Legislature Opens
CIGARETTE
PAPERS
Cfianlcdci
What Science * Is Doing *



[
NONE FINER M AI





v; j

sSÊT*HÜ
s\*

ANTIDOTE FOR SILICOSIS Three Toronto doctors have reported definite advance In attack-in* silicosis—dreaded lung disease of miners—by using metallic aluminum as a direct preventive antidote tie lea count
conducted extent!v« expérimenta at Toronto and In the McIntyre Porcupine mines.
REPAIR HUMAN BONES
Use of animal bonea as pegs, patches and fillings in human limb-mending operations are described in The Lancet by Dr. E. W. Hey Groves, emeritus profes-of surgery at the University of
Bristol, England.
He explains how he used a wal-tooth to fill a hole made near the head of a thigh bone by scraping out diseased bone, use of a peg made of stag s antler to pin the head of a thigh bone to the shaft after it had been broken off, use of beef bone to fill a groove in an upper arm bone after an operation f»r disease.
F



\ ÿll jA9)l



i
x
l
it


•gainst deadly quarts par-inhaled by miners in the of their work. They have
J
«?’* *
fi
elNN#
$
4

DOUBLE AUTOMATIC BOOKLET
1
}
\
ü
V
at forty miles per hour, until the jack was run down.
The animal weighed eleven pounds and dressed a little better than six pounds.
Run» Down Jack;
Pie For Dinner
i


\

t
"1

•or
\
¦tt.
Although Jaelt rabbits are quite
in that section of the
1
rus
uncommon country, Jack Brinklow of Hastings, Ont., chased one in his car night last week and eventually
The next day, the

I
err quick

COLDS
|tbe fin* sign of soold, rub a little Mentholatum in the Doetrik. See bow this healing balm quickly penetrates to the nasal passages... fight# germs... inflamed membranes
RELIEF

one

ran over it rabbit was served as a delicious
morsel for dinner.
Jack explained that he waa motoring to Campbellford, and about half way on his journey the rabbit appeared in front of the car and kept running ahead of it The race kept up for a quarter mile
<f>
At

in*
clears
soothes
• It
jar of Mentholatum today. Relief
ENERGY TO RUN THE EARTH
Recent advances in atom-smash-inf have started scientists on a now and apparently narrowing hunt for the secret by which, they say, a few pounds of uranium may bo made to run mil the light, heat and power plants on earth. Dr. G. Hahn of Berlin is reported to have found an energy of 200,000,000 volts in an exploding atom of uranium.
If every atom in one gram could be exploded with a discharge of 200,000,000 volts it would produce energy amounting to 10,000,000 kilowatt hours.
That much energy looms large beside the 1,400,000 kilowatt capacity of Boulder Dam, which cost $116,000,000 and will have a power capacity of 1,890,000 kilowatts.
Man Has Skunks
In His Basement
Eastern Canada Grows Soybean
How Can I?
BY ANNE ASHLEY
After months of suspicion, Val. S. Snow of Salt Lake City knows the horrible truth—he has skunks in his basement.
While firing the furnace he onto two of them at too
New Variety Has Been Developed With Early Maturity, High Yield
Classified Advertising
I
Q.—How can I relieve an irritating cough?
A.—Prepare a mixture .of the juice of two lemons, one teaspoon of water, and one tablespoon of granulated sugar spoon of this mixture every half
hour.
After seven years of careful study and selection by the Division of Forage Plants. Central Experimental Farm. Ottawa, a soybean progeny has been obtained which possesses In a marked degree the desired characteristics of early maturity, high yield, desirable plant type, and yellow seed eolor. This progeny has Just been licensed as a soybean variety under the name of Pagoda.
Pagoda is as early In maturity as Manitoba Brown, has been found superior to this variety in plant type and yielding ability, and has yellow seed. Pagoda ripens at Ottawa in 100 to 105 days, as compared with 120 to 125 days for
Mandarin	tt^ÊKfÊÊÊÊÊ
tore, that Pagoda le adapted to a
much wider area than Mandarin and can be used In districts where Mandarin could not be expected to mature.
came
close range. He laid his problem before Biological Survey and received the comforting information skunks are excellent mousers and harmless except when annoyed.
Snow's immediate concern is how to keep the furnace in coal until the animals get the spring wanderlust—if they do.
HIGH BMMÜ) mWIUM___________
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—W HIT» for free booklet and full panicu-lare regarding our amusingly »uo csaeful byblood treatment Pedigreed Products, tieekatoon. Heek.
AGENTS wanted
Take a tea
Office. JBÊÊÊÊÊKÊÊKI^Ê
"SSSiStl
Q.—How can I make a sandwich that is “different?”
A.—Why not try g chocolate sandwich? Mash one large banana to a cream, work in two tablespoons of cocoa, add mayonnaise, and place between buttered bread.
Q.—How can I make labela stick to tin cans?
A.—Gummed labels placed on tin cans will adhere readily and securely if they are first moistened with glycerine.
Q.—How can I mend a largo hole in a sweater?
A.—Try basting a piece of material on the wrong side and then darning through the patch. It will make the darn stronger 4*4 will keep the shape of the garment.
HOGS FOR SALE
FOUR YEAR OLD
FOR SALE
Yorkshire Sire. Beet Market Pen Royal Winter Fair and other Boar Winners; Yearling boar airs, Orandelre, and two nearest Oran-dams in Advanced Registry. Four months boars and sows, Shade-land Farme. Eden, Ont.
Toronto.
asthma, bronchitis
I Gardening j
'em
Druggists at SOo and 11.00. —
1939 Chick Show*
Are Very Popular
ÜSraS'&n W'Æ
Fair and other Boar Winners; Yearling boar sirs. Orandelre, and two nearest Orandam* In Advanced Registry. Four months boars and aowa bhadeland Farms, Eden
ROOM ESSENTIAL Most common mistake made by the new gardener is that of crowding things too close together. In planning layouts it is essential that the mature height and width of the flower or shrub or tree be kept in mind and sufficient
space be allowed.
In every reputable • seed catalogue and in most special government bulletins there will be found along with descriptions of various plants the height when full grown.
^ This can be used as a guide in the "planning. Roughly, space between
plants should equal mature height. .	.
Thus a shrub like the ordinary Wrecker! K&Zed
I ww* Bwww
parts of Canada, should have G-7 feet between it and its neighbor and be this far away from walks and almost as far from fence or wall.
A great deal of interest has boen aroused among poultry brooders throughout Ontario by the spring program now being car-dad out by the Hatchery Approval Association of Ontario which has sponsored four baby chick shows in the province since the beginning of this month. The last show is being held at the Ottawa Valley Seed Pair, Amprior, Ontario, the last throe days of March.
It is obvious, there*
baby chicks
'sers ss
Ola nr or d Station. Ont
Ontario,
MEDICAL SUPPLIES
FROM tiURH OR
Manufacturing, 101 Alexander SU Toronto.	_____
pmia
”i:i£ «BrXft
231U.ha&. SKffi!
1/ higher. Free Catalogue. Tweed le Chick Hatcherlee Limited, Fergue, Ontario.
Q.—How can I renew the metal tope of salt and pepper shakere
that have corroded?
A.—Give them a coat of enamel, allow it to dry thoroughly, then follow with a second teal
HAVE
monograms__________
APPLY GOLD INITIALS ON AUTO-mobtlee.
Samples
Pethick's onto.
XrD
Profitable opportunity.
Oe. Proportion ÿ..;
H
IS
I
onogra
HEALTHY
CHILDREN
HE
KO FILM HBdVIHKti
«rsa. tÂrt
Blrke Building- Montreal.
ORNAMENTALS
a/141
Unpfyy
An embarrassed relief project wrecking crew set out for the sec-and time to raie a three-storey frame tenement in Brooklyn. À bank which owned the building asked the city housing authority to tear it down as part of a shun clearance program
dispatched. Later bank officials called up to Inquire why the build* ing had not been tom down as promised. Investigation disclosed the crew had raxed the building next door.
red Rock chicks last year. Cockerels welshed pounds at IM months; 6% pounds at 4% months, •frothing like Bray chicks", he. You won't find anything them, either. Order your Bray chicks now. Bray Hatchery, 110 John Street North. Hamilton, Ontario.
A very henpecked husband reached the end of his patience, and, after a final row with his wife took his bowler hat from the peg and said; “I’m going.''
Three years later he returned and his wife greeted him: “Where the dickens have you been?”
“Out,” he replied, and hung his hat on the same peg.
An Arctic explorer record» that he actually found an airlock in the possesion of am Eskimo. How wonderful il must be to turn in, say, in October, and set the alarm for about April.
The following was the verdict by an Iowa jury in a suit against
a railroad company:
“If the train had run as it should have run; if the bell had rung as it should have rung; if the whistle had Mowed as it should have blew both of which it did neither, the cow would not have been injured when she was killed.”
“Mabel, you really ought to a bat when you go out •
CHILDREN
f
HOT BEDS
When a large number of early plants are needed, these can be started from seed in a hot bed. The latter consists of a bed of fresh horse manure, which supplies the heat, about 18 inches deep. On this two or three inches of fine soil is placed and after the bed has heated up and then cooled down again (a matter of three four days) the seed is sown in _ „ a few inches apart. The bed is protected by rough boarding along the side and on top and sloping toward the south about 10 to 18 inches above the bed is placed a window sash well glassed.
When the plants have developed their second set of leaves they are thinned out and before being trans-plan ted outside they hardened in a cold frame which is simply a hot bed without any heating material.
•ays
like
UNUSUAL ORNAMBN.
Hardy Plant Nursery. Dropmore. Manitoba.
RARE AND
C MoB
BRAND*! CORN SYRUP.
ixatoww JKûwü
CORN SYRUP • meet wtl*-lactory carbohydrate to nee aa a milk modifia? In the Bed ing of tiny Infanta and aa an energy producing food for growing children.
ne FAMOUS
cr -
MMITED NUMBER BRAY STARTed chicks for sale. Also : week old “ready-made" capon». Wonderful meat birds. Order early. Write for further details. Bray Hatchery, ISO John Street North, Hamilton, Ontario.
over
t'lTKKTV
A drop of honey eatchee more

COCKEREL BARGAINS WHILE they last All from Government Approved blood tested breeders. Two week old Barred Rocks .01c; New Hampshire Reds ,01c. Three week old Barred Rocks, .lie; Reds .lie. Big Egg Quality %c more. Order at once If you want these. Baden Electric Chick Limited.
or
rows
English Proverb
PERSONAL__________
MARRY-jHUND^EDS ^TOg CHOOBB
berta.
A NEW FEATURE “Parliamentary Doings”
Celumn ef Comment on Evente
and Personalities around the Ontario Legislature
eh. Will replace " for Âo dura
Hatchery
DOGS
V
IDX, DEER AND COON HOUNDS one to seven years old,
, also Bird dogs and
Write I
from
guar-purs John B.
In
_______PHOTOGRAPHY
FRBB ENLARGEMENT WITH Sg
,ri,ou.=îf?;.rM “«*
Brlghtllng Studio. Toronto. _
are
teed
ant
Scotch Collies.
Wilson. Merrfckville, Ont

starts this
ery roll film
“New# Parade
%
%
FARM FOR SALE
Note:	If reader# have any
lfl
WITH OR WITHOUT Implements, fair buildings and good sugar bush.
41, Angus, OnL
.a™
USE GOOD SEED
It is impossible to over-empha-_*l j the importance of good seed. Other factors are practically all beyond control but the gardener has absolute check oyer this foundation. Weather, soil and location may be ideal but without good seed, specially selected to suit Canadian conditions, the garden is going to be a failure.
<*
if suggestions re
________ this col uni» please
forward these t# the editor ef
quest.one, to rial for

PERSONAL
«58*31
Box
%
tle>
X
size
CANADA STANCH COMPANY UsM
FILMS DEVELOPED
“But, mother, I mm wearing a hat. It's on the other side."
ROLL FILMS DEVELOPED WITH two print# of each and FREE ENLARGEMENT coupon 16c. OFFSET COMMERCIAL PHOTOGRAPHY, 2 RUSSELL ST., TOR ONTO.
POPPING CORN

Fred was. showing his sweetheart the old family album, and pointed out a particular photograph of which he was very proud. H depicted him as a small boy dressed in a sailor suit, sitting on his uncle's knee.
“There, what do you think of
that one ?” he said.
“Very nice,” his sweetheart “But who is the ventrilo-
YMenna, Ontario
Canadian Securities
HAIR GOOD#
RADIO__________
T r.B.w
write for copy. Please 'Pacify whether dealer, amateur, ••'viceman or set owner. Radio Trace Supply Co- Ltd.. 617 Ÿunge SU
TgK^^MMMMgjMjgggMgMgN#
RUSKS FOR YOUll GARDEN
KTOUPB8, TRANSFORMA-
rains»?*» OMd". ass
for Illustrated catalogs. Confidential terms arranged. Toronto Hum-
Co. f.2| Bit bunt
WIGS,
Dominion and Provincial Government Bonds
Municipal Bonds
Public Utility
an Hair Supply Toronto
HELP WANTED MALE
cup#
said
BECOME A DETECTIVE. MEN over II wanted everywhere. Detectives earn good wmk ? ward». Work home or travel. Correspondence training course, write for free information to Box 25, Station T, Montreal
quistr
aumuD Tim
NEW ROSES for your garden from
a".8 “bedrid1 b;a,iè
weather’s Famous Roses, comply cultural directions. Write today• Canadian agent Brush’s Nurseries. Bov 140 RidrevUle Ont
Re
KEEP CLEAN INSIDE)
The wise question is not, "Is Christ Divine?” but “What is God like?”—William Temple.
and
You’ll like the wny it mnap# you back, overnight to the feeling of
rfeanllnessî ^HelpV^eUmlnate ”\he left-over wastes that hold you back, cauee headaches. Indigestion, etc.
SS'ïooSlTI PATIOH 'KSSÏÏÏ.
It will certainly “do wondew IF
Avenue, Toronto I, Canaan.
Industrial Financing
SEEDS
HIGH GRADE SEED OATS AND CLOVERS
WRITE FOR OUR PRICE UGT tÿ all kinds of grass ami r*ov|J seeds. Highest quality and lew* price#, we supply bags and
Brown Bros., Arkona.^OW-
^Itching
1 ALASKA. BANNER. VICTOAT.
I####
No. 1 W.B Æweet at .05 lb. ¦ othy .Of, lb. f ob. Chatham, free; Cash with order. Kent Esrpx Reed Growers, P.0
Chatham. Oufa^!oir
Domini on Securities
CORPORATION LDUTED_
%
an
pay
rio
TORTURE /* A Minute
TANNING
P
bags	ifltPKRT TANNING OF HIDES
apd I Harness Lace A Robes. Iff.	UFEP Etc. Free Met and
5F» Ft Tow ne A Bone, MerrlUcn, Ont
TOWONTO MONTREAL. WINNIPKO
SS6
ra To. amSSVn&i
I
i
maths Ifce imu^' lew d <, fwt »
OV
###PAGE###3###

When hii automobile dived over a cliff of deep Chaula River gorge of Kenya County, and etock on a ledge, 80 feet below, ML Maloney ascertained that the machine lodged fast, then went te eleep in ft until morning.
cent, which In other dlotrlete has produced crops ranging from $M to $76 per acre and ------------
reaching the $100
growers are guaranteed at least
$86 per acre for the poorest of
crops.
King Map* Out Route Of Canadian Trip
Modem
E tiquette
Sunday School Letton
Th»
BY ROBERTA LEE
f

i This Curious World
By William
Ferguson
1.	—Is It permissible for • gueat to use his own fork or spoon te help himself from some dish?
2.	—Should s girl of sixteen offer her seat in e street car or bos to m man of fifty who Is standing?
3.	—Should one ask permission of the one referred to, when furnishing a reference ?
4.	—When a young man has been introduced to a girl, would it be all right for him to say, “I am pleased to meet you” ?
6—When a single man is invited for dinner to the home of married friends, should ha take the hostess a box of candles or flowers?	______'
m



LESSON XIII
PEI .R INTERPRETS CHRISTS S . KERINGS AND DEATH I Peler Iil7-S3| 2t20-2S
Guides Text.—Christ also suf-fert.i for sin* once, the righteous
for the unrighteousness, that be
I Pet.

* *-1



m
9 v


fm
FI

- ••
m.vi


¦
.: W
fa
Mlm
miglt bring us to God.
ES
r



8:1

y
F.
'

i •
^ i

^#x 'Ttl
IT. And if ye call on him as
Fill ,r. Of course this has re-
we to prayer, and to prayer
as <• raged in by Christians Who
will A respect of persons. “To
havp respect of persons/’ i.e., “to
another.
'f'.m
*

& * -

'<: ' ' 1
: %
r
-,
f if
feri
• >. »



I
be | rtial” to one or Jud _th according to each man s The Father will judge our not according to our great ach. .emcnts, nor according to ret! 4 as the world estimates result. but according to our faiths in the task ho assigns us in rtton to the ability which he
Pass the time of
*1
6.—If it an right to OM sealing wax on the envelope of a cial or a business letterT
ANSWERS
No. If the dish does not contain a fork or spoon, it is an indication that whatever is on it is to be taken with the Angers. It _	...	, is rather grotesque to see a guest
permission of the individual whoa# nam-i is given as reference. 4. No. Such phrases as “I am pleased to meet you” and “I am glad to make your acquaintance” are not in good taste. The accepted acknowledgment is “How do you do?" 6. This is a thoughtful thing to do, particularly if the man is not in i* position to return the invita» tion. 6. It is all right to use it on a social letter, but not on a business letter.


wor


woi








HAVE THE MOST
VALUABLE

lull

IN
r
pro
ML**
GERMANY,
WORDS OF FOREIGN DERIVATION! ARE TO BE
FORMS, iN ORDER. TO PURjFV THE LANGUAGE/
FOR. EXAMPLE THE WORD *RELAT/V/TAE7S THEOR/E" (THBD&y OP pelatpy/ty) WILL BE CHANGED TO *B£ZU£GUCHK£rrSAN-
SCHA (JUNG 5 eJESE TZ.
ha- given ui.
sojourning. In fear. While ar" expresses love, we should nber that we are not only to love God, but to fear God, as the Lor:'Jesus Christ taught (Luke 12 : » ; and both can certainly exist m this life in the same heart wh< a speaking of our relationship
to < od.
IM THE WORl-O.
yoi
uf
ren
\
%
%
press indignation when it was presented to them at the table end wave it away with an Imprecation.
Dut our humble turnip is a real delicacy to many of our international neighbors who prize It highly and who, apparently unable to grow it as we grow it, buy It by the carload each year. They call the turnip a "rutabaga" and aome restaurants In the South feature It their menus as we would feature an exotic fruit imported from a tropical clime.
Western Ontario seems to have captured the bulk of this turnip export trade, and the counties of Middlesex, Huron, Perth, Oxford, Waterloo and Wellington have been proflttlng from It for years. Now Bruce county is beginning to develop a similar trade with the country to the south and it la expected that from that new district alone fully 300 carloads will be shipped to the United States before the waxing season Is ended.
Humble Turnip Goes Highbrow

Our Redemption
18. Knowing that ye were re-dec .ted.	The primary meaning
of Lie term “redeemed” is to deliver from slavery, or captivity the power of enemies, by the payment of a ransom. The tvwi ideas of ransom and sacrifice into each other. What was
«
%
Canadian Product Is A Real Delicacy To Our Southern
They Call It
A
un cr
Neighbors
DRAWN ACROSS THE	vr mi ^	¦
MOON ALWAYS IS PERPENDiCuuAR. *TO A UNE DRAWN FROM THE MOON TO THE SUN.
____________WML ##*#?"%&	* a
ONLY a pitiful remnant of the once glorious ranks of sea-otters Is left today The coastline of the west, from California to Kamchatka, was the home of millions of these animals, but their fur was too beautiful In 1785 e sea-otter fur sold for seven dollars. Today, when they can be had at all, they command prices of several thousand dollars apiece.
NEXTs Which Is farther west, Nome, Alaska, or Hcnohslef
“Rutabaga”
effected by the ancient sacrifice was the removal of a threatening penalty. A man was considered a capute or prisoner to a divine retribution if this was not rendered. In the death of Christ his blood Is thus a ransom, and the atonement accomplished by him is a redemption. Not with corruptible things, with silver or gold. From your vain manner of life handed down from your fathers. The apostle Peter is probably referring to the emptiness of the life of pagan people in the Roman world, before they were redeemed by the l ord Jesus Christ.
19.	But with precious blood, as of a lamb. Without blemish and spot, even the blood of Christ In the Scriptures it is always the blood that makes atonement for the soul, because the blood represents lift, and in sacrifice bl ‘J implies life given up, life sacrificed, in other words, death.
The blood of Christ is worth an infinite price, first of ail, because it is sinless blood, the only sinless blood this world has ever known.
20.	Who was foreknown indeed before the foundation of world. Nothing that God undertakes is the result of some sudden decision on his part; he knows all things from the beginning, and he knows from the beginning what he is going to do throughout all the
ages.	_ * _
Canadians habitually regard the turnip, even when It Is offered for sale with its seal-coat of wax, as rather a despised root, says the Brockville Recorder and Times, and we have seen some people ex
on
Broom Corn Found A Profitable Crop
Added to the already great activity in tobacco growing in the Strathroy (Ont.) district, local farmers have, during the last few weeks, been contracting for the growing of broom corn, a product that is entirely new for that area.
It is claimed that the district is ideal for the growing of broom
fered from the night of his betrayal to the hour of his death on the cross (see Matt. 26:47—27:
I Creator of Crusoe
50).
24. Who his own self bare our sins in his body. By saying that Christ bore our sins in his body do not mean to indicate in any that Christ was sinful, but
U And.
16 His ship-
we
HORIZONTAL
1, 7 Man who wrote the story of ••Robinson Crusoe.”
12	A wise answer
13	Approximately.
14	Inclosed field.
15	Fountain.
17	Small Insect
18	Grazed.
20 Cuckoo.
12 Northeast 23 Gibbon.
25 To shed
feathers.
way
that he took to himself all our sins, and therefore took our place as a sinner, and bore the penalty for those sins. Upon the tree. That we, having died unto sins, might live unto righteousness. By whose stripes ye were healed.
25. For ye were going astray like sheep. But are now returned unto the Shepherd. The word “shepherd” includes all that Christ does for our souls—loving care,
government. And Bishop of your souls. The word here translated “bishop” refers fundamentally to “an overseer.”
nfj'j jjfllffl
Sî" 'i HI ? 1 H M Kjh
wgwwm ana
nurucuisiM ¦
NOTES
RADIO
to still 19 Crusoe's companion.
21 Nay.
24 Measure of

NEWS
AND
X
mil
By MADGE ARCHER
26 Beret 26 You.
6» far has Just made use ot twoway conversations between the Him capital and Broadway.

AMOS 'N' ANDY
In moving from NBC to Columbia on April 3, Amos and Andy have now been heard on every major network on this continent They have been broadcasting for the past eleven years, undoubtedly creating a record in radio.
They must have made aV these move# for the purpose ot seeking new audiences, something broadcasters have to do no matter how popular they are. It is a question of what the blackface team
29 Legal iHtofc 130 Footlike pttt, 32 Glass bottle.
1 34 Merriment tame with	36 Unexpected
adventure	36 Showed
stories (pL).
VERTICAL
instruction, guidance,
Mutual will continue Its practice of streamlining grand opera by condensing each work into an hour's performance, be so treated on April 24, at 10.30
p.m. MllMMBIIIPMI
cuts ont unnecessary action, puts the work into English and brings the language up to date. Dramatic passages are spoken, but the chief musical numbers remain Intact.
cards*
48	Dutch measure.
49	Toilet box. 51 To prepare
for publication.
the
mercy to.
39	Squadron.
40	Mariner.
ITo accomplish 42 Person.
2	Circle part 44 Organ of
3	Tobacco	hearing,
smoker’s tube 45 Zest.
47 Preposition.
50	Note in seal
51	Female
52	Barley spikelet
53	Ye.
55 Being.
57 Lava.
10 Opposite of in 59 Street
"Faust” will
27 Regal.
30	Fairy.
31	Edge of a
1

Henry Weber, who directs,
The
roof.
52 TO clothe.
54 Small Island.
56	Tumor.
57	Reverence.
33 Epochs.
35 You and me.
37 Russian villages.
3» Shoemakers* 58 Dower pro»-tools.	erty.
40	South America 60 2000 pounds.
41	Substitute. 61 His native 43 To slander.
45	Merry.
46	To apportion
BOOK SHELF

4 Portrait statue.
But was manifested at the end of the times for your sake. Peter •peaks of the time of our Lord s appearing as at the “end of the times,” by which he probably means the end of the long Jewish dispensation, brought to a close.
21.	Who through him arc believers in God, that raised him from the dead, and gave him glory; so that your faith and hope-
might be in God.
Love For Oee Another
22.	Seeing ye have purified your souls in your obedience to the
The instrument by which

By ELIZABETH EEDY
novn—imnpum
will do following the Columbia stint, which, after all, must end sometime.
Will they go back to Mutual and start the rounds again?
i
5	Elflike.
6	Those who letter.
7	Crazy.
• Tree.


TO BE HEARD— March 23, Tune Up Time, Grace Moore, guest, 10 p.m., CBS. . . Calgary Symphony, 8 p.m., OBC. . . March 24, Grand National Steeplechase from BBC about 10 a.m.; Dr. Stidger, "Singing in the Storm”, 11.46 a m., NBC. CBC. . , Miss Trent e Children 8.30 Campbell Playhouse, •
FOR THE GARDEN LOVER
Now that the season has advanced far enough to permit the gardener's Interest to range beyond the seed catalogue stage, we begin to think of planting things and doing something about the garden in a
big way.	%	-
Musson’s have just brought out
two new books, very instructive as well as attractive, that will tell you Just about everything you want to know. “Canadian Home Gardening the Year ’Round” deals with the subject in all Its branches, indoors and out—fruits, flowers and vegetables; roses, shrubbery, beds and borders. •'Gardening as a Hobby” has excellent charts and photographs, uses tables to supply the reader at a glance with information on planting methods tor annuals, perennials, roses, bulbs and lawns. Here in quickly available form, Is the necessary data about grafting, fertilizers, cold frames, insects, plant diseases and the like.
••Canadian Home Gardening The Year ’Round” by A. B. Cutting, B.8.A., and “Gardening me a Hobby” by A. W. Edmlnstor. ,
Mutton Book Co .. 62.00 and $1.75
t
I
land-
which was then
62 This popular
•"RAVELLING PROGRAMS The latest and most expensive hobby to be taken up by broadcasters, is that ot the travelling program. So far the circuit has Just Included Hollywood and New York, with occasional Chicago stop-overs. Rudy Vallee, prime radio originator, was one of the first to start shuttling back and forth. The latest travellers were Charlie McCarthy and his Chase and Sanborn company, who have Just spent two weeks in New York and will return to their home studios in Hollywood on Sunday, March 26. This triy is their first venture. Bob Bench-ley will move his show to Hollywood on April 3. Lawrence Tibbet spent the winter commuting back and forth to appear on the “Circle" in Hollywood and at the same time had to keep his scheduled appointments with the Met. In New lorL Rudy Vallee is hack In Hollywood for eight weeks. Jack Benny has been back and forth this year, as has Fred Allen. “Tune Up Time”

#
CBC; —	_ ———
p.m. CBS. . . March 25, Bruno
Walter conducting NBC Symphony in Beethoven’s 1st Symphony, and music by Corelli, Mason and Richard Strauss. March 26, Metropolitan Auditions finals, 6 p.m. NBC; The World Today, 6.30 p.m., CBC; Charlie McCarthy back in Hollywood, 8 p.m., NBC and CBC. . . Exchange producer from BBC Lance Sievking's production, “No. 29834, Airman Harry Hawks”, • p.m., CBC. . . March 27, Firestone Hour with Richard Crooks, 8 30 p.m., NBC. . . True or False, touring quis program, 10 p.m., NBC . March 28, Streamlined version
“Iolanthe”, 8 p.m., NBC . .	D**
Rockwell’s Brain Trust from NBC Toronto Symphony, CBS, 9.30 . . March 29, Paul Whiteman #
Concert, 8.80 p.m., CBS. . . Edgar
“It Can Be Done” 10.30
2
truth.	¦¦¦¦¦I
this work of purification is to be
accomplished is found in “obedience to the truth”, the truth standing here for the sum and substance of the revelation of God in Christ. Unto unfeigned love of the brethren, love one another from the heart fervently. So often people who are supposedly holy in life seem to be aloof from common humanity, to be cold and indifferent to life about them, in such a way that no one is ever conscious of any love in their hearts. How important real love is in winning others to the Lord!
23. Having been begotten again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, through the word of Cod, which liveth and abideth. As the first creation was through him, so is the new creation.
20.	For what glory is it, if, when ye sin, and are buffeted for it, ye shall take it patiently, this 4s acceptable with God. Any one who does evil should expect to be punished for it, and in patiently bearing such punishment there is absolutely nothing to be proud of, aothing in which one might glory.
Fellow Christ's
21.	For hereunto were ye called: because Christ also suffered fer you, leaving you an example, that ye should follow his steps: ft. who did no sin, neither was guile found in his mouth: 23. who, when he was reviled, reviled not again; when he suffered, threatened not; but committed himself to him that judgeth righteously. The particular experiences te which tbs apostle Peter here refers are those which our Lord sttf-
lawns,
I
e #
or
A. Guest,
. Toronto:
p.m., CBS.
By GENE BYRNES
REG LAR FELLERS—The Right Answer
BUT IT V/OULDV OF DONE ME ANY qOOOTO FIND IT TEN YEARS Aqo, ON ACCOUNTA
L i wasn't even
I BORN .
l/il then/
you're out of
LUCK MY BOY/
that ticket
IS ALL OF .
TEN YEARS OLD/
IT »S/ LOOK WHAT IT SAYS-
ADMIT ONE
TO THE TROCAOERO THEATRE/
W
that looks
LIKE A
TICKET
TO SOMETHIN, AN I SAW IT FOIST/
U
.4
• »
)


\
j ll-%
%




i
i

\

»
-r

###PAGE###4###
/, Z Z'ZiAt/
ziz z'ziziz
ZîZlZlZV ZiZiZIZ
The English and
First Aid circles French secretaries of the school are respectively W. D. Simpson and Nolle Trudeau
THE EQUITY
HODG-INS
GARAGE
Spring Time is
X
\
Courses will be given weekly and will begin in a few week» will be complete, graduate first aiders in the province hue
been issued to enroll in classes.
The establishment of the school has Wen rendered necessary, it is felt by the St. John Ambulance Association, duo to the enormous increase in the number of students currently following in First Aid. From an annual total of a few hundred, the number of First Aid awards in 1938 has, in four years, ped to more than 11,000 and the iber of instructors available has be
SHAWVILLE, MAR. 30,1939
Baby-Chick Time
, when registration Invitation to all
N
\
X
Issue of Air Mail Stamp Critised by Quebec
Lively protests are reaching Ottawa from Quebec ami the Maritime Provinces over the Post Office Department s new airmail stamp. The stamp carries the legend, “Trans-Canada Airmail, Vancouver-Toronto.” Quebec and the Maritimes object to being left out of the Trans Canada picture. The stamp, it is understood, will not be continued in circulation.
make Chick time profitable and pleasant instead of unprofitable drudgery, we advise that you purchase good chicks from Blood Tested Flock*, and 1 *'cd them a Baby Chick Feed that is dependable as well as economical
And to
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
V
instruction
Imve been manufacturing
For move than five years we WL
and constantly improving the quality Fades Rggslent Chick Mash Starter, until now we believe it to be equal
X
nun

num come insufficient
to any on the market.
Below we list several of many reasons why we do not hesitate to ask that this year you stick to this teed for your chicks.
1st—11 is manufactured in compliance with the Federal Feeding Stuffs Act of 1937. and registered under this act, bearing Registration No. 1094. Every pound Is uniform-aly mixed and must comply with the following guaran teed analysis ; Protein 17 per cent., Fat 4 percent, Fibre (Max.) 7 per cent. Total Digestable Nutrients 83.7 per
2nd—It is composed of Ground Corn, Wheat, Bailey, Oat Groat, Bran, Middlings, Wheat Germ, Alfalfa Leaf Meal, Fish Meal, Meat Meal. Feeding Bone Meal, Fine Oyster shells, Powdered Buttermilk, Oil Cake Meal, Cod Liver Oil, and Iodized Salt
famous St. Bernard Dogs
Have Saved Many Lives
The original St. Bernard, raised many centuries ago, was a cross be-ween a Swiss mountain mastiff nr.i i Danish female bulldog. This stock urned out a progeny of magnificent creatures strong enough to carry a man a considerable distance.
The breeding of these dogs was ‘Degun by the monks at the hospice ounded by St. Bernard of Menthon n the early Ninth century, notes a writer in the Chicago American.
The monastery is 8.000 feet above sea level, near the path, or pass, across the Pennine Alps. This pass s covered with perpetual snow from seven to eight feet deep, and drifts sometimes accumulate to the height af forty feet. This piss is used by
Drive a Better Car
This Summer
Quebec to Spend $2,000.000 For Youth Training
A measure tor expenditure of $2,000, 000 for youth training in Quebec approved last week by the Legislative
Assembly
Trade Minister Bilodeau told the Assembly the Provincial Government 1037 bad spent more than $500,000 training 18,000 youth in mining, forestry work, farming and household
WAS
Look These Models Over
1938 Chevrolet Special Sedan, with trunk 1937 Chevrolet Standard Coach 1937 Pontiac Special Sedan, with trunk 1935 Ford V-8 Sedan, with trunk 1931 Pontiac Coupe, with rumble seat.
The best car value is a good used car
since
science.
In 300 rural parishes, 12,000 boys and girls had followed courses, while 6,000 others had been trained in technical schools, the Northern Mine school at Val D’Or and the Forestry school at Duchesnay.
Premier Duplessis said he had discussed youth training recently with a Federal Government expert and had suggested in Quebec the youth aid pro- French and German pilgrims on
gram should concentrate on “special I their way to Rome. For the con-fields such as mining, forestry and farm- L enience and protection of the trav rather than on general training fiers St. Bernard founded the nos
lice.
<
feed that is
This combination of ingredients assure* a
rich in Vitamins A, B, 1), E, and B 2 or G, as well as being amply fortified with Calcium for Bone building, Lactic Acid for addided resistance to disease ; Phosphorous and Chlorine for proper assimilation of the Calcium and Iodine for general health of the baby chick.
<
X
ing
3rd—It is mixed fresh and kept fresh, and this is a most important factor in preserving the quality of a feed. Cod Liver Oil loses it's Vitamin Men ley on being exposed
to the air for any length of time m NjH become rancid when mixed with ground grains and h ft
Buttermilk Powder, because of
courses”
It is estimated by students of history that the St. Bernard dogs, named after St. Bernard, have -saved more than 2,500 lives in the more than 250 years they have been used by the monks.
At the first sign of the storm, the animals become restless breaks, they are turned loose, and scatter in all directions, noses high n the air, seeking the scent of some stray traveler. They carry a cask of brandy suspended under their necks.
Often when they arrive, the lost man is covered with snow, uncon-
The dogs are trained to
J. L. HODGINS
Birth Rate Higher in First Nine Months of 1938
\
Meat and Fish Meals
x
Phone 64 J.
Canada's birth rate in the first nine months of 1938 was higher than in the same period of 1937, but the rate ot deaths and marriages was lower the Dominion Bureau <>t Statistics reported.
Live births totalled 172,573 with a rate of 2'>.6 per 1,000 population compared with 169,021 and a rate of 20.3 in the same period of 1937. Deaths totalled 79,529 with a rate of 9.5 against 86,514 and 10.4 and tnimages 62,925 with a rate of 7.5 against 63,114 and 7.6.
\
standing for any time the drying process that it undergoes, has a marked affinity for moisture, and when mixed with ground grains it
combines with the moisture in them and ferments in a
short time, losing all of it* feeding value Fades’ Eggslent Chick Mssh is never shipped from the mill if it has been mixed for more than ten day*. We absolutely guarantee that it i* always delivered perfectly fresh only.
0
When it
/ * / / / / / /'* / / /
No bug of
DALE’S TINSHOP
SClOUS ¦¦
scratch away the snow that, may have drifted upon the unfortunate traveler. They warm him with their bodies, and lick his face.
4th — When you purchase this feed the largest percentage of your, dollar i< spent for fond value obtained no salesman's commission- or travelling expenses to pay for; no freight charges or ndverti-ing overhead to meet. We levy one charge paly and that is a profit that is as small as that of any Feed Manufacturer, and often smaller than the profit Feed Dealers usually levy on feeds manufactured outside yotir own community.
Yon have
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Deaths under one year of age numbered 3,285 and the infant mortality rate was 57 per 1,000 live births. These figures compared with 4,517 deaths and a rate of 79 in the s une period of 1937. There were 251 maternal deaths compared with 230 and the rate was 4.3 against 4.0
Word Spider May Be a
Corruption of “Spinther”
Maple Syrup Equipment

The word “spider” may be a corruption of “spinther,” the spinning creature, for our garden spider's web is a wonderful piece of weaving. writes Oliver G. Pike, F. Z. S., in London Tit-Bits Magazine. In coloring the garden spider is a mixture of beautiful browns and grays, and . if we examine one with a pocket lens the eyes are fascinating. for they resemble tiny red jewels, but to the creature on which the spider preys they must be fearsome.
The web, with its symmetrical lines and circles, is one of Nature's wonders
5th_\Vhen yon buy and feed this feed you are helping your
Community, and leafing your money at home. We
Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment ? If not, do so now ! as this is the time of year we make up supplies. Give us your order now ! we can supply you with :
Pans, all sizes
Bristol School Board
own
buy all the supplies tlmt we can use from you or your neighbour,
March 17, 1939
Bristol School Commissioners met on above date, present, Chairman Woods and a full Board of Commissioners.
The minutes of last meeting were read and on motion of Comr Glenn were adopted.
Motion by Comr Graham, that this Board advertise for. ten teachers for next term. Applications to be in by April 5th.
Motion by Comr Stewart, that this Board build a new school in No. 5 district and apply to the Department of E i neat ion for plans for same.
Messrs. Walton and Everett McCorriston appeared at the Board and resqt tested further assistance towards conveyance of a pupil to No 9 school. It was decided to abide by the resolution passed on Nov. 30th, 1938, allowing $1.00 per month for ten months for the conveyance of this pupil.
Motion by Comr Beattie, that"Mervin Henderson be appointed caretaker of No. 5 school.
Motion by Comr Graham, that the following bills be approved and paid :— The Montreal Book Room Ltd ,
for books...............
E. A Pritchard, books ......
Moyer School Supplies Ltd
supplies................
Koran & Koran, legal advice..
Hodgins Lumber Co, supplies "	8 60
A letter was read from the Department of Education stating that a grant of $50 00 had been given to Elmside school for the purchase of books. Motion by Comr Stewart that books to the amount of the grant be purchased.
Motion by Comr Glenn, that Smith Brothers be notified to attend to the floors of No. 9 school.
Motion by Comr Stewart tint this Board now adjourn to meet again^oo April 6th.
6th—We use only new cotton bags for putting this feed up
These bags are not returnable, and you can be certain that they are never contaminated with any Poultry Disease.
7th -This excellent feed sell* for only $2.50 per 100 pounds with special discount to users of large amount*.
And lastly you will always find us more than ready to help and co operate with you in any way that we feel will be to your advantage. This year all we ask is that you give this feed a fair Dial in comparison with any other feed on the market, and we feel that yon will find as others have, that EadeV Eggslent Chick Ma*h is really better value in every way.
in
Sap Cans,
Maple Syrup Cans, Evaporators
The spider selects the site, fixes a few stays and guy-ropes, then constructs from 20 to 20 radial lines, all proceeding from a common center like the spokes of wheel. Working from the center, she goes round and round, fixing circles of web to the spokes until she reaches the outside. A line is made from the center where she sometimes remains to sun herself, to her lair, which may be two feet
Iron Cpolers,
Spoils,
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
a
I
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., RED’D.
fvf

or more away.
This line will carry a message to her as she remains out of sight; no matter where an insect settles on the large web, the vibrations are recorded on her telephone. With the exception of one'or two spiral lines in the center of the web, all are covered with a sticky fluid which will hold any insect that settles.
Hog* for Service
Shawville Bakery
Confectioner's Store of 79 B. C.
Some years ago, when the town of lerculaneum was excavated after laving laid hidden for 1,900 years leneath ashes and lava that Mt. Vesuvius poured upon it in 79 B. C., me of the shops disclosed was a •onfectioner’s factory and store, 'he most surprising thing about it vas that the tools, apparatus, molds .nd other equipment were similar o those in use by later-day candy nakers.
Reg!8>ied Yorkshire Hog Fee $1.00 ; Clarendon Club member* free
Service
SI59 46 2 80
K. J. TRACY, Yarm, Que
22 35
5 00
FOR SALE
9
Having chosen selects from a number of litter* for uniformity of type and disposition, have a few that could be entered as brood sows Feel sure these would give good satisfaction placing your order you might be pleased to see these.
Where Men Wear Veils
In the Tuareg tribes of the Sahara desert men wear veils until only the eyes are exposed, but for no religious or stylish purpose. The custom is founded in necessity—to keep blowing sand from lungs, says a writer in the Washington Post. So firmly is the custom established, the refuse to appear—sand or no sand—in any public spot without the lower folds of their turbans hiding their features. Even Paris was surprised when a ccuple of visiting tribesmen appeared fully veiled. Of obscure origin, Tauregs are ta41 and well built. Their skin is reddish-yellow, deeply browned by posure. They call themselves I mo shagh, “the noble people.” Arabs call them “People of the Veil.”
For a tasty loaf try
Before
Shawville Bread
PETER L. THOMPSON,
R R. 3, Shawville, Que
Origin of the National Grange
On January 13, 1866, Oliver H.
Kelley started on a trip through
the South during which he conceived	Names in South America
the idea of a fraternity of farmers Lucky is the tourist on a South to restore agriculture and unite American safari who finds it easy North and South. The first meeting pronounce the unfamiliar names 3f the founders was held on Novein- 0f piaces along his route, ber 15, 1867, for the purpose of or- cu|t for the stranger are some of ganizing an order of agriculture in these Indian and Spanish words the United States. On December 4, that travel companies distribute a 1867, a formal session was held at ^Cy to the pronunciation of towns, Washington and the National takes and fails which tourists usually Grange was organized and ofi is visit in a journey round the southern
continent. Magallanqs, for instance, a town near the Magellan straits, is pronounced Mah-gal-yea-nayes, H	and Llanquihue, a lake in Chile's
A most profitable transaction in ’ vacatlonland, sounds like Yankee the World war was the purchase of - Way. Arica (Ah-ree-ka), Asuncion _ German register by the British (ah-soon-see-own), Bahia (Baa-ee-Secret Service in Belgium in 1917. yah), Barranquilla (Bare-ran-keel-It contained far more information ^ Buenos Aires (Bwa-knows-eye-I about the German military forces , race)f Cartagena (Car-tay-hayna) j than had been secured in the pre- * Iguazu Falls (Ee-qua-soo), Iquitos I vious three years from an army of
The seller, says Collier's
men
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
H. I. Smith, Sec-Treas
So ciiflft-
Courses in First Aid
The formation of a normal school for First Aid instructors *as announced recently at the head quarters of the Quebec Provincial Council of the St.
John Ambulance Association English principal of the new school, which will
comprise both English and French sec	Placer Mining
lions, will be Dr. J. C. Mackenzie, |n placer mining from alluvial de general superintendent of the Montreal posits the gold-bearing gravel is General Hospital, while the French ^rst shoveled down a sluice whose principal will be Major Dr. C\ P. ztair-hke arrangement of uniform Gaboury, provincial surgeon of the St. wooden blocks about an inch high John Ambulance Brigade.	jatch particles of gold dust and al-
The staff of the institution will be ;ow the lighter sands to pass over composed of well-known First Aid in them. The gravel is then taken structors and will include professors of from the sluice and washed in a elocution who will instruct the candi- prospector’s pan
tes in the art of teaching. Member* easily picked out, but the dust is the staff will comprise S. S. Bardsley amalgamated in mercury and later Dr. John Corrigan, John Phillips and , separated, usually, by straining thf Armand Cote, all widely known in mixture through a chamois
ex
ESTABLISHED 1888
elected
INVALID
COACH
Profitable World War Deal
ŒBOROB. HYNES & SON
a
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
(Ee-key-toes), Lima (Lee-mah), . J I . .	...	, Llama (Yah-mah), Liao Liao (Yow
Weekly, accepted $j0 for ,t w en Yow), Rio de Janeiro (Ree-oh-day he could have successfully demand- • jaiah-nay-row), and Toquilla (Towed several hundred times as much
spies
Large flakes are
Phone 80
di
• >f
keel-ya)
money
###PAGE###5###
Service Announcement
Shawville United Church Rev. A. F. Fokes B. A., B.D. Pxstor
Sunday, April 2nd
11.00 %.m , Service at Sbawvilk 1.30 p.m.t Service at Zion 300 p in., Service at Starke Corners.
Sermon Subject : With Palms in their
Hands’",
7 30 p in ., Service at Shawville
Monthly picture service. Subject— “The story of David and Solomon.” Special illustrated hymns.
BRMToL United Church C. Armhtrono-Salkh, B, D
Sunday, April 2nd
St Andrew’s, Service at 1C.30 el 11 Sunday School 11.30 Knox, Service at Austin, Service at
Sermon Subject : “For Sinners Only”

The Equity
PRINTING
'** established III!
PUBLISHED RVERY THURSDAY AT ^
SHAWVILLB. QUEBEC
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside
firms.
Let us do your :
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices,
Statements,
Posters,
Labels,
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
Successor to 0. F Hodgins Go. Limited
• 1.60
2.00
All arrears "muet be paid In full before any paper
ANNOUNCING
Is discontinued
W. O. COWAN. PUBLISHER
The Arrival of Further (lew Spring
Furniture and Bedding
2 30
7.30
Roy 6. Fra8er
Gift*,
RENFREW, ONT.
¦OK ...
$ 2.25
Natural Wood Rocking Chairs.................
Walnut Arm Chairs, Special make.............
Extra Special Gold Oak Rocker, padded bottom
Heavy Gold Oak Rocker.........
Walnut Chairs, with round back High Chairs, with aluminum tray, natural wood
Living Room Chairs, upholstered for occasional use, also Sofa Bed Chairs and upholstered Bedroom Chairs from
Novelties
4.50
Clarendon Pastoral Charge Rev R. O. Newman, M.A..BD
Sunday, April 2nd
11.00	a. m.— Seivice at Radford 2 30 p. m,—Service at Norman
7.00	p. m.—Service at Yarm
ANGLICAN
Sunday, April 2nd
6th Sunday in Lent St. Paul’s
8.00	a. m.—Holy Communion
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m.—Holy Communion 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity Service Withdrawn
St. Luke’s
2.00	p. m.—Holy Communion
8.00 p.m.—Thursday evening, March 30
Week day Services St. Paul’s
Wednesday
7.45 p.m.—Evening Prayer
Friday
8.00	p.m.—Evening Player
Parish of North Clarendon Mr. A. C. Lawrence, Lay Reader Sunday, April 2nd
10.30	a.m., Morning Prayer at Thorne
2.30	p.m., Evening Prayer at Charteris
Flowers,
3.95
phone 160
3.25
• MUM
# e
e #
3.00
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in vite your patronage orders of #1.00 or over, phone
us collect $6.00 or over, phone us collect
and we shall prepay.
3.75
On
On orders of
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
$7.50 to $0.50
e e# •••••
Extra Special Dining Boom Suites
Nine Pieces including China Cabinet $82.50 Eight Pieces, without cabinet..
Studio Couches
A French Provincial Design, featuring the new pattented “Hide-Away” bed section
# between 7 e. n.,
end 11 p.m.
a!__«
Phene «V
64.00
e e
Beattie’s Eye Service
lOideV^otVi
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eve Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Lye Service
$48.50
e e
mm emus
licit!
Natural Maple Breakfast Suites
The very new modern style six piece suite highly
polished, natural wood with clock on cabinet $55.00
...$49.50
% as. Mrs™::
100% live delivery guaranteed.
C. HAROLD BOULTON Bristol Egg ft Poultry A «eolation BRISTOL, OOB.
Scientific Eye Examinationi
Six piçce, smaller size, Natural wood
In Memoriam
Specialists on all Visual and Musci iar
Eye Defects
(tight In and Night Out
Restful Sleep on Simmon’s Beds
Built for Sleep
Mullin—In loving memory of a dear wife and mother, Mr*. James Mullin. ee Pearl Dean) who passed away arch 28, 1937.
Surrounded by friends, we are lonely,
In the midst of our joy we arc sad ; With a smile on our face, we’ve a heait ache,
Longing dear mother of you.
Sadly missed by
Husband and Family
¦IN
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS
Professional Optometrist.
T.T. BEATTIE,
Professional Optometiist

>
..$5.75 up to $30.00
...$5.50 up to $12.50
Mattresses, Springs,...
Dri-Kil
Cooper’s Farm Insect Powder
For Destroying Lice
»
3
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
GROCERY SPECIALS
Farm For Sale
25 ote 25 •'
Three Tins Tomato Juice, 25 ounces Two Tins (irn|>e Fruit Juice, 20
Five Pound Tin Amber Honey Robin Hood Quaker Cooking Oats, per pkg
Clark's Soups, complete range, 3 for .....
Colgate!»Toilet Soaps, assorted, six bare..
onuces
One of the most desirable Farms in
Beautiful
38 "
the Township of Fitzroy brown stone house, good large outbuildings good fences and very heavy rich soil. Situated on Highway 17 4	Apply to
J. A ARMSTRONG,
12 “
on
Monuments in Marble and Granite
for information on special designs and prices.
25 “ 25 “
3
3
Hogs, Cattle, Horses and Poultry
75 cents
For Two Pound Tin
3
3
Write
3
Insurance & Real Estate, Arnprior, Ont.
9
Blatchfords Feeds are Better
3
3
Phone. 278
3
Dairy Menl Gulf Meal, Fig Starter Hog Grower
Hen Scratch.
Bran,
Middlings,
»
Kgg Mash,
Egg Concentrate, Hatching Mash,
9
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Look Here
9

3
«
For Salr, Wants, Four,a
Lost etc.
»
»
THE CORNER STORE
o-
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre 8ts
QUE.
FOR SALE-One Set Platform Scales, capacity. 700 pmnds ; One Set Counter | Stales, capacity 200 pounds. Apply to John B. Armstrong, Shawville
MacLeans
SHAWVILLE.
RED & WHITE STORE
FOR RENT — Comfortable dwelling, house with modern conveniences, good garden. Apply to Mrs. Clip.Corrigan, Shawville or Mrs. Thomas Kelly, Breckenrltlge, Que.
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co., Limited
“The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
1
FOR SALE — Certified Coronation
Passing field and
Reductions on
Memorials
Wheat, Grade No. 1.	-¦ .
bag inspection and sealed in bag* >>> Government inspector.^ OlWW earl^V M supply is limited : J
Arriving This Week - Carload of -Quaker Ful-O-Pep Starter
Chick Starter Chick Developer Growing Mash Egg Mash
Scratch Feed, course
fine
Order early as _ J ; also one purebred Holstein Bui I Calf, priced right. Apply to Norval Kilgour, Shawville. Phone
11-81.
Tariff of Tolls to be Collected During
Season 1939 by
in
FOR SALE—One grey Work Honte, weight 1350. sound in every way. Apply to JC H. Strutt, Shawville
Marble and Granite
Ltd
The Quinze Rapids Improvement Co
. For Use of Improvements
Saw logs, 17 feet and under, per 1,000 feet Board Measure,. .
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long per 1,000 feet Board Measure.................
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock, and all other woodK-round or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet Board Measure.....................
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, square or waney board, per 1,000 Cubic teet.
Pulpwood per Coïd..................
•t
It is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory of a loved one.
We believe that out years
of experience in the manufacture of memorials, enables us to produce a suitable memorial at all prices.
We offer on any order placed between now and May 1st, a discount of 10 percent.
FOR SA LE-Matched Pair Clydesdale Colts, two and three yeor* old. Apply to Harry Corrigan, R.R. No. 1, Shaw-ville. Phone 20- 5.
5 cents
FOP SALE-Fra,Her8ut* IncuWor,
150 egg capacity 1 K. H AIee. Shawville
6J cents
FOR SALE-A quantity of pressed ha)
a
H
7$ cents
open every door. No experience required. Pleasant woik. Steady .epeat order*, from old and new customer». A small amount put» you in business for yourself. NO RISK, Excellent opportunity to
ssreii..st 'ss-mS. s±a
Montreal.
Turkey Meal Calf Meal Pig Starter
75 cents
Shawville
Marble & Granite Works Main Street, Shawville, Que.
5 cents
K. C. WOOL8EY,
Secretary.

j
###PAGE###6###
lag, add 4 teaspoons capers. Makes atout X eup eases.
SALMON PATTI•#
I cups flaked salmon 1/4 cop salmon liquid and water
I bouillon eûtes (etloken flavor)
4 tablespoons quick-coot ' n* tapioca
1/4 teaspoon salt Dash of pepper 1/1 teaspoon minced onion Sifted bread or cracker crumbs
1 egg, beaten with I tablespoon i milk and dash of salt.
Drain llflflld from salmon and add water to make 8/4 cup. Combine salmon liquid and water, bouillon cubes, tapioca, salt, pepper, and onion In saucepan and mix well. Bring mixture quickly to a full boil over direct heat, stirring constantly. Remove from Are. Add salmon and mix thoroughly. Chill. Shape Into patties. Roll In crumbs, dip in egg mixture, then roll again la crumbs. Fry In skillet In a small amount of hot fat, turning patties to brown both sides. Drain. Garnish with sliced cucumber. Makes 11 small patties.
SALMON SAVORIES
TIE WORLD'S
LAMEST SELUM
Yes, as the police around the court »o aptly put It, the heat was There must be action, and Tom
___the one to teach the public
that headless driving would result la severe punishment. Today warn bis, and today he must start os a hard lesson.
Yet as the pattarfl was woven
there In the court Pat could fbel am uneasiness on Tom's part After the first details had been all gone through and they were down to the serious business of questioning witnesses, the girl could see Just how clever Church was Quietly he would talk to the man or woman the stand, then suddenly break In with a sharp question that broke their certain answers, them as to distance, degree of light and dark, condition of the pavement, how far ahead they themselves could see.
Already two men who had appeared positive In their testimony that the killer # car was a blue coupe had left the stand with their stories broken and tangled. Tom's forehead wan furrowed, and he was taking voluminous notes while ha was conferring with the two detectives from the Accident Inveetl-gallon Bureau. She knew he was worried, and she could sense the amusement on Church's face.
Stab of Jealousy
She looked up with relief when Shells dropped in to visit that afternoon. For last week she had been so completely cut off from the outside world, living fearfully, shut within the secrecy of her own
te
# SERIAL STORY
OU
WM
1
HIT-RUN LOVE
BV MARGUERITEGAHASAH
TEA
UeW.
Gooalooks
K PMKEI IRBEI
I BISTIICTIVE LABELS
Bhe wavered back and forth a» the week aped by. Surely Lorry would find a way out for himself. Church wouldn't permit him to run the risk of perjury when the case came to trial As for that how much did Church actually know? How much did anyone other than she know about the true facteT And what would Tom think of bet if he ever did find out?
The Trial Date
Each day his kindness, his gentleness reminded her of that. Each day she became more confident of his caring, and to her own desire
to live up to his belief.
Too quickly the trial date came. She moved In a world without order. She felt frozen. Insensitive to life. She clung blindly to the hope that Larry would clear himself, but with no knowledge of how he could do It and save his honour.
Hope and fear came on each oth-heels In rapid succession after
Tom In-
Cast of Characters:
Patricia MoOraw—heroine. She a choice between the lew and
•v
sr
A wUct blead dl
Upton’»
RED
ss«Auib. cay:
Llpton't KJSÛToS;
0RRD6E 5% ÏTUÏÏ:
LABIL •“i*AVV! 'V
SSetitt.
¦Ü^L ito —
UE lin III mtern.Uoaal Mead**
ber*use lu eepwier LAML devour, quaiit/ and
40c Vi Ib.	^
Larry Kent—hiro. Ha faced an gvm greater decision.
Tom Sweeney — prosecutor. H# flwaited the processee of the law.
Last week: Pat noticed a broken fender on Larry's car. He urges her te “fix" a traffic ticket for her brothers to see Just how much fcpuir she has In court.
Yesterday: Larry is arrested me
Pat calls him
fythWhtt.
MsadWCegrloaead India Teas the world's
wtv
grown fas finest tee
on
DON'T NEGLECT THE LITTLE THINGS!
There are some little worries that often among readers' let-
confuse
crop up _ ter*. It does not pay to neglect even
apparent trivialities, because they
can so quickly become big and tire-
the hit-run driver.
him the faith and love he
to give-----	. .
needs now more than ever before.
some.
A frequent problem concerns finger nail, that break or flak, ofi e, toon as they grow fairly long. This Is usually caused by lack or calcium and Insufficient fat In the sv9tem. Include more butter and in your diet, and start tak-
i-llver oil. !¦ nails with a
# # #
CHAPTER XI
It >\as different being with Tom. ghe felt freer, more able to express herself, she decided, sitting across from him in the hotel dining room where he insisted upon taking her.
‘•A first time should be done in fltyle,” he explained, when she suggested a smaller place. “After all this is quite an event for me. Maybe you don’t know that. '
There was no need for pretense with Tom. Sometimes in the olden days with Larry she had had to play up. Larry had a way of belittling the time-accustomed ways and all the crowd she had with did things. Larry
I
1 cup corn flakes 1 cup flaked canned salmon
1/8 teaspoon salt Dash of pepper 1/4 teaspoon Worcestershire
sauce
1/4 teaspoon scraped onion 1 tablespoon cream Corn flakes
1 egg, beaten with 8 table spoons milk and dash of salt.
flakes. Add
t
cream
lng calcium and addition, paint your little colorless Iodine, meanwhile avoiding the use of nail varnish for
a few weeks.
Tired feet take half the Joy from when you suffer give them
KHI
tfs
that. The trial started, structed the jurors in their duty. Sitting at her table staring at the faces of the men and women In the jury box she couldn't believe that affairs had progressed to this very point That these people had been called to decide upon Larry's guilt or Innocence lu an
manslaughter case. 11
Going To Get Action
Taking down the testimony of police called to the scene of the accident, she tried to get her own
thoughts in order, away Larry sat with his attorney and in the background were the usual courtroom sitters: relatives, friends, witnesses, curiosity seek and around the bench itself
reporters came and went.
Papers carried the story on the front page again that morning. The headlines stood out. ‘Kent trial starts—” Pat leaned over Sergeant O'Shea’s shoulder to read quick sentences. The defense would attempt to show Kent was on the other side of town at the time of the accident, Church declared. Circumstantial evidence alone would weak case for the prosecu-
' T*U •Tbunund TEA
"Fir roe A eiao”
BO !¦¦¦
this little treat. Soak them In very hot water to which you've added bit her bath salts or a handful of ordinary salt. Dry with a soft towel, then massage with warm olive oil. Follow up by rubbing the soles with methylated spirits, finally dusting with talcum.
For corns, there is only one remedy. Get a good corn plaster and remove the corns.
the muscles of your chin starting to sag? Use an astringent lotion and pat it briskly in.
Have you any personal beauty
line and I'll
Indispensable. Color scheme laites of large stone Jewelry are being worn, comprising necklet, bracelet
and brooch.
Speaking generally, the tendency is for heavier pieces with more boldness In coloring. Bracelets may be very wide, and necklace» are repeating the heavy chains and cables of the Victorian period.
involuntary
world.
"I've wanted to come here and see you for ages," her cousin said, her big childish brown eyes shining with Interest. “And then along whole half day free. If I'd know'll before I'd have had some plan for the afternoon, but as It 1 thought I'd have to go with fifth graders to this music festival. Miss Gordon was grand. She said to forgot work, that the kids could go with the eighth grade teacher, and so here 1 am. Now tell me who
is, and what all these
Crush 1 cup corn
seasonings, onion, and . mixing well. Shape Into I-
ehe
salmon
grown up	,
liked to pretend ami she loved him
for it; laughed and played with him. Like playfcig grown-up sometimes she thought. She remembered how he always insisted on
for his lapel, how his hat
must always be at angle and never Just put on, and
lie took when buying a
another thing
cream ¦***— Inch cakes. Roll In additional corn
flakes, slightly crushed, then In
mixture, then roll again on
flakes. Fry In skillet In small
comes a
egg
Not ten feet
corn
amount of fat, tjrownlng both sides. Serve with celery sauce or creamed peas. Makes 6 savories.
a
was
flower
Little Lamps
Are
the correct
My friends are little lamps to me. Their radiance warms and cheers
ers
the care
scarf. Tipping was he emphasized.
“Wo can’t afford to go places where we must tip so much,” she had once argued. “There are ao many things to plan for, Lau>, that we shouldn’t spend money like
this.”	,	.
And he had shrugged his shoulders, looking at her with that why-
can't-you-understand expression.
“It's the thing to do. Other people tip that much.”
“But we cau't afford it, sue would repeat, and then give In be-he seemed to enjoy his role.
Square Dance
Coming Back
In Many Parts Of Ontario — Old-Time Fiddlers’ Contests Are Returning To Favor,
Too.
problems? Drop me a gladly write you, confidentially. And you may obtain detailed leaflets on the following subjects for a
each: Face; Eyes; Hair; ... Feet ; Bust; Superfluous ; Underweight; Slimming; Re-
my ways,
And all my pathway, dark and
lone, | v ‘rnmmmé
Is brightened by their rays.
I try to keep them bright by faith, And never let them dim with doubt.
For every time I lose a friend A little lamp goes out.
everyone people are doing.”
Pat made a place for her at her table below the Judge’s bench and pointed out the familiar procedure. Sheila was thrilled over such simple things — meeting the police sergeants and some of the attorneys who were always on hand when a pretty girl appeared.
Not Her Right
And then she Introduced Tom. “He’s assistant prosecutor,” l\ explained, watching the sudden flush stain her cousin’s face. “You
3c stamp Hands;
Hair ducing in Spots.
Please write direct to: Barbara Lynn, Room 421 West Adelaide,
Toronto, Ont.
own
In many parts of Ontario and Indeed throughout Canada there has been more or less reversion to old-time square dancing and oldtime fiddlers' contests In prefer-to the ultra-modern “Jitterbug” and “rug cutter” with swing music accompaniment.
W. E. Hinton, of Glenavon, Saak., called at the office of the Canadian for the Advancement of
prove a
tor. Two more deaths had been added again yesterday to the toll of the year in the traffic war, and the police commissioner demanded action.
she
Household
Science
KATHERINE BAKER
cause
ence

Fun To Let Down
routines
wanted to know some big shots, so of course you must meet Tom.
Sheila’s naive excitement would ordinarily have only amused her, but now she watched the brown eyes sparkle and her face grow all animated as she talked with Tom. pat felt a stab of Jealousy. It also frightened her, made her ashamed and glad of an excuse to go in her own office. There she looked at herself in her tiny mirror. Hard to believe that such a horrible weakness should show up in herself. And toward Sheila of all people In
the world: near and dear as a sister, the same
girl with whom she had played and dreamed through school years, the same girl whom she had first confided her love for Larry, the girl
be her bridesmaid
old-fash*
And her sentiments — ioned ones, such as a preference for old songs, and her clinging to friendships with people who "did not matter.”
“Sure, she's all right, Pat," Larry had said about one of the girls with whom she had gone to school and still saw occasionally. "But she never goes to tho right places,
she doesn't know anyone.”
He was right, she insisted to herself. He was ambitious, eager to get ahead, while she herself was inclined to get in a rut, travel in path of least resistance. And
i fun to let down admit that hearing
Three Smart Blouse»
. . . Spring Tonic!

Bureau
Music under whose supervision the old-time dancing and fiddlers' contests are held at the Canadian National Exhibition. Mr. Hinton is
of the municipality of
Meatless Meals During Lent
The problem of meatless meals during the Lenten season can be
faced without fear If a g ~J ply of canned salmon Is kept on hand. Here are three ways to make delicious salmon dishes.



1^9
sup-
•HI*
secretary	.
Glenavon which proposes to hold
competitions In May. If It can be arranged to do so the winners will to the Exhibition contests
6
I sweeten my morning cereal with
(
SALMON PASTE WITH CAPER SAUCE
« / v
come
a
this year.
Capt. Atkinson of the Canadian has been advised that
2 cups sifted cake flour % teaspoon salt 1/3 cup cold butter or other
shortening
4 to 4% tablespoons Ice water
Salmon	NÊNNNjNÈÊN
Caper Sauce.
Sift ' flour once, salt, and sift again. Cut in shortening until Pieces are about the sixe of small peas. Add water, a small amount at a time, mixing lightly with fork. Handle as little as possible. Wrap In waxed paper, chill thoroughly. Roll 1/8 In. thick on slightly floured board and cut in 4-lnch circles. Place 1%
ns filling on half of each
circle, Vs Inch from edge. Moisten
water; fold oth-

Sheila Mho was as
the
Bureau
square dance and fiddlers' competitions have been held in numerous communities which were

yet now it was
with Tom, to l baud music stirred her as It had when she followed a parade in the grammar school days, that she eu-joved hearing all about Sergeant Lewoski's home life and the different kinds of trouble he had with the twins. Silly, inconsequential things that Larry had listened to with tolerance and boredom.
Facing A Blank Wall For a little while she forgot that Ilf* was changed. The time was passed quickly, too quickly, (or she still faced a blank wall. She felt that knowing Tom better had not offered a way out. Could she turn to him now and tell him about Larry? One moment he seemed so very kind, so competent, that ask* his advice should be easy, and remark reminded her that
BEE HIVE Syrap
because It Is better 1 forme.
rural
snowbound in recent weeks. In
children's square dance held in which
a

Caledon
competition jvas school pupils between the ages of nine and thirteen years showed mraked aptitude in the dance routines popularized by their grandfathers and great grandfathers. The “caller" was a boy of twelve
who was to when the wedding took place.
She didn’t have any right to think of Tom as her own. She
measure, add

# H'v

0>
even —
belonged to Larry, and now of all times she should think of him and what she could do to help him. But when she went back to her table she could feel a little pulse
in her throat and a dull
o
4

««ms#.
%
9
4

years.
hammer
•beat deafen her ears as she watched Tom lean toward Sheila while he explained some statute in a law
Jewellery With Every Ensemble
Fiery, Itching Toes and Feet
/
tablesp
inn
edge with milk or er half over filling and press edges together with floured fork. Place baking sheet and brush with
with mixture of
book.
(To Be Continued)
IV» Right For Any Time Of Day This Season—No Outfit Complete Without Fascinating Ornaments.
Jewelry Is right for any time of the day and for all occasions, in tact the modern woman, in order to be fashionable, should sparkle all day long. No ensemble Is complete without the fascinating ornaments now being shown, and IP rings, necklaces, bracelets, rings, to say nothing of the popular clip which can be placed anywhere, either in pairs or singly, to add a note of gaiety to a quiet frock, are
on
ing
melted butter or
yolk and milk. Bake in hot
(450 degrees F.) 16 to 20 minutes, or until delicately browned. Serve with Caper Sauce. Makes \2 pasties.
Onion Placed High On Epicure’s List
55
tr0,MViylhJ.n>,«r7u.r,r%e5*'l"i
r. fcTr A MjerLd
then u
be was still nil prosecutor.
Still trying to find the courage, him look at his watch, and
egg
oven

7a
she saw
take the bill and put down his nap-
The New York state agricultural department believes that the aver-American consumes 10 pounds of onions every year in his quest for seasonings.
The onion, the department says, is *“high on epicures' lists at the moment.”
Housewives in buying onions are advised to avoid: '.Those that have begun to sprout or in which tht seed stem has developed, or that show signs of rot, especially if they are moist at the neck.”
%
•ome fiery eczema. The same ta tree of
flSta
2525
F
Salmon Filling Cook 3 tablespoons ery in 1% tablespoons tender. Add 1 Vs cups flaked salmon, 3 teaspoons flour, Vs teaspoon salt, dash of pepper, 1 Vs teaspoons chopped parsley, 6 tablespoons milk, and cook until thickened, stirring constantly. Add 1% tablespoons lemon Juice. Cool and use \Vs tablespoons filling to each
4-inch circle of pastry.
Caper Sauce
Melt 2 tablespoons
and stir in 4 teaspoons
kin.
“I'm
•T have to run," ho said, supposed to be at headquarters to
details. Maybe there
Xo
size 12 To
ed eel-r until
age
t*
go over some will be a time when one of us will
not always be iu a liurry. Coming with me tonight was kind of you. Will there be other times?”
She nodded. "I hope ao." felt ashamed. She had enjoyed befog with him, but she didn't want him to know the reason that had prompted her acceptance of his invitation. if only she knew what to
of uncertainly still
ALL-IN-ONE PATTERN!
By Louise Lennox
Here’s a spring tonic in three
. for
COUGHS
She
smart new blouses .	.
your suit or toppers for gored or pleated skirts. These blouses are all included in today’s pattern. The snug-fitting tailored button down the front jacket blouse is perfect in vibrant or pastel colored wool as aqua, royal, chartreuse, cyclamen, mustard, fuchsia, etc. The becoming square-neck basque blouse in rayon taffeta print in navy and white has navy bows and white ruffling. The classic shirt blouse of striped washable crepe “must have” for y our suit. It’s lingerie type, too, in
DUE 10
COLDS
HOW IS YOUR
DIGESTION?
butter In
Distressing cold in cheat or throat , never safe to neglect, quickly ewe up when soothing, wanning Mas-
“’Better*1tEanSi murtKd ptater.
Mueterole get» action became rt»
îîrttJir - rtimuùting;*penetrating, and helpful in overcoming local <*»-
"by 'minions for 80 years.
Bssssrf
ream All druggist*, 4<* each.
Ho. That sense held her in Its grasp.
saucepan flour. Add 1 cup milk and cook
until thickened, stirring constantly.
with % teaspoon salt and
Just before serv-
Largest and most vicious coyote of Kedleston, Sask., district was shot by Arthur Thompson, a trap, per. The 45-pound brute was shot after he had broken loose from a trap.	A
TF you are troubled * with gas, sour stomach, or heartburn, your digestion probably needs assistance. A tonic that tends to improve the digestion is Dr. Pierce’s Golden Medical Discovery. It stimulates the appe-
Season
dash of pepper.

WATCH
the Specials
is a
IF YOU FEEL SUNK
as
batiste or organdie.
Style No. 2625 is désigné^for sizes 12, 14, 16, 18, 20 years, 30, 32, 34, 86, 38 and 40-inches bust. Size 16 requires 1% yards of 30-inch material with 1% yards of ruffling for square neck blouse.
Sen Fifteen Cents (16c), (coin is preferred) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 W. Adelaide St., Toronto.
Write plainly your Name, Address
Be sure to
>
too, and aa a re-
tite
You can depend on the special sale» the merchant» of town ammomnee la the column» of this paper. They money saving to our It always pay» to merchant»
•uli ree leel ¦ Berkley T
. Oat., eeyei “Dr. Fleree'e
; or common
liriegi Do «ry.-etet
BÜN»
Is greet
our
throat
O»
*
m
i
jutl
' &7h
555 5SS
" Bey Dr. Mere#'# GeUee Medici f le llgeld * uklete el year drag
1
readers, patronize who advertise.
afraid of their mer-
the
M*ILuSn8 <5

They are

Iwue No. 12—'39

the

on tnie V
%
ge "¦¦Bill
1
B
and Style Number, state sise.
thru"!
###PAGE###7###
Yule Tree Cutting In Ontario Probed
Lakes Much Below Their Usual Level
more cigarettes
FOR YOUR MONEY
VOICE OF THE PRESS
Piiliementuy
Deinss
Hon. Peter Heenan, provincial minister of lands and forests, said last week that promiscuous cutting of Christmas trees during the Yuletide season and theft of trees from private property was under investigation by his department and might lead to legislative action.
Water la Low In The St. Law-
Too, According To

*
rence,
Dominion Hydrographic Service.
SOMEBODY’S KEPT BUSY.
It is estimated that there are 1,218,000 milch cows in On tarie. Think of what they mean in terms of human labor at milking-tlme.— Brockville Recorder and Times.
ONION ORCHARD
A Baltimore magistrate has ruled that an onion may be classed as a fruit. What a fine time Mitch Hepburn will have next summer in his onion orchard.
With Oelurltâ'e I.e«lelatere, Fprlne, I#»
IIV I3KIIV
<
Level of the SU Lawrence River In Montreal harbor during February was 20 3/4 Inches lower than January, 7 1/2 Inches lower thau February. 1938, and 60 3/4 Inches lower than the average level of February for the last 79 years, the Hydrographic Service of Canada reports.
Lake Superior at Port Arthur W£s two Inches lower than January, one Inch higher than February, 1938; and 5 1/4 Inches higher than the average level of February for the last 79 years.
Below Average For 79 Years
Lake Huron at Goderich was the same am January, 9 1/4 Ins. higher than February, 1938; and 18 Inches lower than the average level of February for the last 79 years.
Lake Erie at Port Colborne was 8/4 of an Inch higher than January, three Inches higher than February, 1938, and 9 1/4 Inches lower than the average level of February for the last 79 years.
Lake Ontario at Kingston was a half Inch higher than January, five inches lower than February, 1938; and 13 1/4 inches lower than the average level of February for the last 79 years.
P
With a Premier fresh back from Australia and a brand new Conservative leader all rarliT to go, proceedings In Ontario's Legislature at Queen's Park got of! to a lively atari March 8, and are likely te continue at slightly less than boiling point throughout tho 1939 session. . .
First off. when Mitchell Frederick Hepburn twitted George Alexander Drew about the frequency with which the Ontario Conservative Party has changed leaders of late, the latter bristled, made no reply; he was saving hla fire for the more dramatic occasion during the Throne Address debate when he hurled tradition overboard . . . hy limiting all Tory contribution to the debate to hla own speech. . . no more. . . It warn an unprecedented move made (he said ) to expedite the business of the Legislature and save the taxpayer money
*1olaoc&
EXTRA MILD_
Either the federal government would be asked to amend the Criminal Code to deal with the situation, or tho province would bring down a bill of Its own, ho said. A decision will be made in the near future.
PACKAGE
Vi LB. TIN S3<
“UNITY” A LA CANADA
This new trans-Cenad» air line do something for Canadian . After all, it only takes
may
unity ¦
about twenty hours now to get a complaint from the Pacific coast to Ottawa.—Hamilton Spectator.

WE’RE KICKING PLENTY, TOO.
It U said that 37 per cent, of the Nazi forces are flatfooted from too much walking and parading. We’re getting that way in this country from keeping the foot the gas.—Peterborough Examine
JOBS, TRAINING FOR YOUTH
Governments make substantial
grants of which prizes are paid for the improvement of cows, horses, pigs, shflep, chickens and all kinds of livestock. Perhaps it would not be bad policy to spend more money providing a training for youth and opportunities for employment.—Farmer’s Advocate.
NOT A PUPPET
, . . In short, the Member of
Parliament is not intended to be the tool, puppet or rubber stamp of his constituents and still less of any group among them. But it is hi# function before everything else to represent them and to promote their legitimate interests by all means in his power.—Quebec Chronicle-Telegraph.
&
looks af
/CABLES which Gregory Clark is ^ sending to The Toronto Daily Star from Rome make interesting reading. "Greg," as he is best
known to hundreds of thousands of readers of The Star
Weekly, hopped a boat for Italy to see
the coronation of Pope Pius XII. The papal coronation over, "Greg” is browsing around the country—sampling its delights, ancient and modern. In more than 20 years of newspaper writing, “Greg” has been in many exciting and interesting places, but no experience of his career has furnished such wealth of fluent pen. He will marble palazzos, inspect basilicas and campaniles; appraise famous works of art and architecture, and take a squint at Italian industry. He will tour cities, country and villages; mingle with princes and peasants, blackshirts and officials; ride in Venetian gondolas, sniff the air of sunny Sicily and sample foods that have made Italian chefs famed the world over. He
on
# #
Highlights of the Speech from
The Government will
the ThroPsWHP^HWPilPI
Introduce legislation to enable Ontario to enter Into an unemploy-Insurance agreement with
¦m	, mi
Ottawa; a new method of equalizing municipal assessments; all elected municipal officials to take the oath of allegiance; relief costs to be hlgbei than 1938 s $22,000,000 forecast, “unless there Is marked Industrial Improvement"; the Dominion to be asked to repeal the Canada Temperance Act as it applies to Ontario; steps to bo taken toward "uniformity and co-ordlnar tion in municipal policing"; financial relief to be provided for northmining municipalities. . .
Says Emotions Cause Fatigue

/
Marie Bey non Ray, whose flight from a job rut baa led her through careers as teacher, editor, srlfe, mother and author, says she has never been tired In her life and that she can tell other women how to become "inhuman dynamos" of energy and Interest.
“It Is not the work we do but the emotional factors operating while we work that causes fatigue," she said In an interview at New York last week.
“Women tire of housework not because their chores are too hard for them “but because they consider housework an Inferior occupation," according to Mrs. Ray.
“Find Interesting Vocation"
"If they cannot escape housework, the thing for them to do !• to find some other Intensely interesting avocation — perhaps the beautifying of their homes, politics, •port, voice culture—anything to substitute a healthful, vitalizing emotion for boredom and depres-•oln."

*
ern
Looks like a new deal for On-
maybe. . . •
tar to'» unemployed. .
It Premier Hepburn carries out his announced Intention to co-operate with the Federal Government In Introducing unemployment Insurance (We should have said Ontario's future unemployed. . . hose at present out-of-work would not be aided by the scheme). . .
HOCKEY IN THE OLD DAYS
Hockey players in some centres _ not what they used to be. It is not so many years ago that puck chasers were sixty-minute men and played every game without relief. Recent snow storms have made motor travel impossible for visiting hockey teams and rather than drive by horse and sleigh as their
time,
material for his wander through
are
lémo
B

A host of government bills was Introduced the second day of the session covering a number of minor auestions, such as amendments to the Cemetery Act, the Pharmacy Act, the Public Hospitals Act the business of dealing with these measures cannot begin to
in interest with the de-
Pfl
predecessors did many a
-----, have been cancelled.—Pe-
trolia Advertiser-Topic.
Ü1PD
utt
games
I
Officials in Italy have reported that the careful selection of seed and use of chemical fertilizers are greatly increasing grain crops.
hut
S:
compare
bate on the state of affairs so frequently seen In the House. . .
By Fred Neher
Tho Budget is likely to he brought down within a week. . . . administrative expenses may be pared. . . car licenses may go up . . . and a two-cent jump in the six-cent gasoline tax is be announced (Ontario
LIFE'S LIKE THAT
will be more Roman than Mussolini. “Greg’s” Italian rambles are already shaping into the most fascinating travelogue ever printed in a Canadian newspaper. It breathes that magic of humor and humanism which “Greg" infuses into every subject he touches. Writers are many, but there is only one “Greg” Clark, and in his stories from Italy he is at his best, and revel in his articles which appear every day m
present
sure to
towns want to share In the rev. Questions: what will this
____	> the tourist trade?
what will It mean to the average torlst driving 10,000 miles a
who has already contributed an extra $16 annually since the fax went up from three to six coppers? . . . However, we may be getting
ahead of ourself. . .
•(Ijjl
* I
i
•BUS)
e e

F
e e
m
jt
0
1
\:f>
¥
e »
k
*
year
0*
v,
?
!

K\
The Const, /stives want ‘more what the Government do with the Abitibi
k
Read
?

light" on proposes to Power and Paper Company, a $125,000,000 property now in process of reorganization. . . a fierce light Is raging around that. . . Mr. Hepburn thl-’ti Col. Drew Is un-
and quibbles too

k/
(f;

1
).
>


duly suspicious much. ..
They've appointed a bachelor as Speaker of the House for the Art time In Ontario’s history. Girls, we give you Major Clark The Dionne Quintuplets have accepted an Invitation to come-see the King and Queen on May 22. Oh, what a day for Toronto that
will be! . . .	u .
Thieves have attempted to breaa
vault in the Treasury Deinquiry by the audit reveals shortages of defalcation* of • funds In
THE TORONTO


I,
III
MRS. PIP'S DtARY.
1-16
o
Into a
partment.. an department l
, dear, ee 1 eewed up Ike buttonhole."
“I couldn't find the belt
By L. Frank Baum
money, _ mmmmm ¦ _	_
several branches of the Government's business. . . there's been dirty work at the crossroads. . •
WONDERLAND OF OZ
k
i
Don’t Look Man
Straight In Eye
r
¦


4
«s
Girls, said M. Do no Edmond in interview at New York last
unfortunate habit
A
an
V
week, have an ¦ of looking men straight in the eye.
“It is not alluring,” said Edmond, former court beauty adviser to the late Queen Marie of Rumania. “It makes a man feel in-He feels you’re trying to
m

• #
ass
• •

&
o
••

si
!
&

tenor
Prpar better it is to look at him
fleetingly, and then look away,
continued Edmond.
“Yes, 1 believe women should he
somewhat coy," he said, ‘‘but I don’t mean baby talk. That s terrible! K annoys a man’s nerves.
“Women should learn how to blush. It can be done by exhaling a little longer than they are customed.” f* f
o e
Î.Ÿ.V
V.
1 the
mm HP Wm ¦
xt
the
wit
ac-
###PAGE###8###
Teachers Wanted	NOTICE	1	, _
% ,.w „MTà‘T5&ry!e I Men ! Dress up
Secretary Treasurer of the Bristol Municipality of Clarendon, held at School Commissioners until Wednesday, Hynes’Half on March 27th, 1039, as April 6th, 1939. for nine Qualified r notice duly given according to law,
Teachers. ANo one with an Intermediate	No. 03, re. Dog Tax, was up-
diploma for principal of No. 9, school. hvld by a majority of fitty-five votes for Applicants please state qualifications, Hnd forty six against, experience and church of choice.	Given at Shawville this 27th day ol
H. I SMITH,	March, 1639
Secretary Treasurer Maryland. Que
s
Knox W
FUtOPEP
lÿyaswftH
I Maryland, with the president, Mrs Duff iu the chair, and seven
. U1 Mrî^üarth * G raham and Miss
were rend and approved, also the treasurer’s report, given oy • is.
Fop Spring
Two Trouser Suites in Worsteds that stress the new spring shades

$22.50 and $25.00
!§•••••
J. A. DEAN,
Secretary-Treasurer
-
Spring Shirts
By Forsyth
Teachers Wanted
NOTICE
\V Marks.
The business part of the meet
"gisii
of Shuwville, and eom prising lUCh other duties as the Council may re* quire, particulars of which may he obtained from the undesigned. The lowest or any tender not necessarily
accepted
l

L
\

Vs
K

Plain White and Colours Forfused Collar
Get More "Quick Cash" Profits
Sec ret ary-Très smer Ladysmith, Quebec

r 4 « y
v sjcra
$1.55 and $2.00
This Season
There's always a ready market for	& SCrVlCC
quality eggs. They are the "Quick Cash*’crop for farmers and poultry keepers. Get more quality eggs and more cash from your hens and feed costs. Feed vour flock
Henry Clay Was Known as
the “Great Pacificator”
___	. with Webster and Calhoun, Henry
MAIN STREET	clay formed the great triumvirate
SHAWVILLB, QUE
Shell Sealed Gas iLbS'liShïï.V™. m^»:
nnri Oils	ism. helped to make him more pop-
“I1U	1 ular with the people as a whole
Anninc I than any of his contemporaries dur-
General Repairs	his lifetime.
This balanced ration of liberal oat- j	---- Though born in Virginia, on April
meal content pro-	Same Reliable Service] 12, 1777, Clay moved to Kentucky
vides the elements	,	^	he was twenty-one, and his
hens need for pro- WllSOliS tarage point of view during his pohtlcal
dueiug eggs— ,lume 40____________________ %%	of protection of
plenty oi fgp ;-------- ------—	-----------” home manufactures, writes Leslie
and good profits |	.	___________ Hartley in the Washington Star, his
name is inseparably linked with what he made known as the “American system.'*
Clay entered public life early, was secretary of state under Adams and served for many years in congress. His long service as speaker of the house is a conspicuous part in his career; he was the first to develop the possibilities of that position.
On the question of slavery Clay took the middle ground, pleasing neither side. While he regarded slavery as grievously wrong in principle, he disliked and distrusted the abolitionists and their propaganda. His position between the two extremes, however, enabled him to play a part as mediator and he became known as the “great pacificator."
Though he sought the presidency of his country many times, Clay is remembered not so much for his long and unsuccessful struggle as for his important services in congress. When he died in 1852 h.s body lay in state in the rotunda bf the Capitol building.
HARLANI> C. ROWAT,
Sec.-Trea*. Shawville. Que.
$1.75 and $2.95
The “Morgan” Hat,
and Neckwear
Gloves, Hose
Maguey Plant Source of
Powerful Alcoholic Sap
Morris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
save on
Siphoning out the sop of the maguey plant is one of the first steps in the making of pulque—that potent drink which puts pep into native fiestas in South America. The ma-guev plant is a form of cactus and when full grown is an upside-downlooking affair with ten-foot leaves massed in artichoke formation near the ground, giving rise to a Mower stalk which often grows to a height of 25 feet and bears thousands of flowers. Plants such as this are among the strange sights in Mexico City, writes a correspondent in the New York World-Telegram.
When the plant is ready for harvesting—just before the (lowers are born—the tlachiqucros cut off the newly formed flower stalk and dig out the heart. In the hollow pocket thus formed the sap gathers, which in the normal course of events would the flower stalk and feed As this honey water
F°fc-°"ZFP
.vw\
L Quaker %
gru-o*p\
3 t“MASH \
Special Services
Cards of Thanks
“	You are invited to attend a five-day
The family of the late James Crick Holiness Convention in the Standard desire to express their sincerest thanks Qhurcb, Shawville, from March 29th to to friends and neighbours for kindness \^r\\ 2nd, inclusive. Rev. E. H.Thomp-and expressions of sympathy extended gorii who laboured fifteen years as during their recent bereavement.	Missionary in Egypt, will be in charge
thr.'iigh nit the convention. Hours of
pi
for you. Sec me today.
“Black Sheep” Hawk Is
General Trouble-Maker
black sheep” species of blame for the bad
)
<
Ss aw*sJ?iia|8Sr-«i s/s
thanks and appreciation to their many i	Rev. S. S. Lindsay, 1 astor
friends and neighbours for their acts of kindness and expressions of sympathy received at the time of the death of their beloved mother.
A few
C. H. MacLean
Red & White Store
Shawville,
hawks are to
reputation of the whole family Most hawks are moderate in their
Quebec
their other activities, according to a monograph on North American birds of prey by Arthur Cleveland Bent, issued by the Smithsonian institution.
A few hawks appear to he unmitigated scoundrels who kill w a rial most for sport. Others only
Teacher Wanted
Applications will be received by the undersigned Secretary for a qualified teacher for Lower Litchfield School,
April 29th, 1939.
rise in the flowers
collects in the hollow the tlachiqucr-niake the rounds, two or three day, and siphon out the fluid. The siphons, or acocotes, as they are called, are in the form of long gourds with a small pipe at each end. One end is placed in the sap pocket, the other in the mouth of the tlachiquero, and the sap drawn by suction into the gourd and from there emptied into the keg. These kegs are then taken to the hacienda, and the honey water is placed in large vats to ferment. The resulting pulque has a 6 per cent alcohol content and is very powe; ful.
Seed Testing
Big Massacre Blamed
Smell of Baking Bread
An Indian who wouldn't take no I salary expected
when he wanted I
In the seed laboratoiies ot the Plant Products Division, Dominion Department of Agriculture, S.Loo utility tests and 9,010 germination tests were made during the month tonly
Lr £ s " ,?H B
Stuffs Act ; 53 under the Fertilizers (0wn sake and will play with a vie Act, and 157 under the Agncul- tim much as a cat plays with tural Pests' Control Act. In the mouse. Thus one case was reported district offices, 0,808 trade and where a marsh hawk was observed 2,958 custom samples were recely- t0 drop a horned lark which it had ed for analysis during the month. captured seven or eight times and
each time pounce on it again.
This particular bird is very pugnacious and does not hesitate to at-The home should be regarded as tack a man who ventures close to the first centre of beauty. With nest. “1 have had them dash at beautiful surroundings a home is my head repeatedly," says Bent, not only ft delight to those in tim- ,.and keep Up as long as I was ately connected with it but also anywbere near the nest." Ore case to those who travel the adjacent	tcd where such a hawk at-
roads and by-ways. hot those	k d a man a mile away. The
Horticultural Council,	* eastern United States ano sou., ern
ington St., Ottawa, at a nominal Canada.
price of 10 cents.	Among all the birds of prey. Bent
The booklet has chapters on says> it is the great home lover, landscape architecture, how to pairs presumably are mated for life, make a lawn, the flower garden, 0ne such couple will appropriate a furniture, rock gardens, pools, the ceT^ain territory, such as a small kinds of shrubs, plants, and trees . woodland fight off zealously any that may ba grown in the various t sr)assers and build their nests parts of the Dominion, with plans ^	spring for nearly half a
and illustrations . The tune atV*™" y V the year is approaching when the cemury. best of all pursuits—gardening — will be in full swing.
on
up to Saturday,
Applicants please state experience
os
and
times a
GEO. STEWART, Bryson, Que
for an answer!	-
bread and could smell it baking, precipitated one of the bloodiest Indian massacres in Michigan's his-
SÆÆÆ’U	| Tattooing^ Poultry
i«|üi
The Indians refused to harm . l0 lbe Secretary for particulars Smith because he had taken one of i their chiefs who was severely injured into his home and cared for him until he recovered.
The massacre resulted when the husband of the woman who refused
to give bread to the Indian walked	,	,
into the house and shot him dead. Applications will be received by the The Indians demanded immediately undersigned up to six oclock p.m that the killer be turned over to ! Friday, March 24tb, 1939, for teachers them for punishment. They threat- for Clarendon Rural Schools and for ened to kill and scalp every settler tbe Elementary Grades in the Sbawville and burn their homes unless this | High School
were done.	, 1A .
In general the settlers felt that-
the killing had not been justified, but they stubbornly refused to submit one of their members to the
They sent a
a

Beautify Home Surroundings
s
CLAUDE ELLIOTT,
Word Eisteddfod Means
“Sitting” or “Session”
Cock-of-the-Woods, the
Secretary Treasurer
Largest of Woodpeckers
The eisteddfod, an annual Welsh I The pileated woodpecker, com-
ssasrt irssfis ssrmss vp**.
WÈÊÈ
recognized by foresters for d.gging out destructive tree insect larvae. It is able with its strong, chisellike bill, to penetrate the hardest
There are many legends around the pileated wood-one of the guardian
The Me-
Teachers Wanted
on
mg
JOHN A DEAN,
Secretary-Treasurer
/
Indians for torture runner to get a company of soldiers from the fort at Detroit.
That night, Smith, who had been confined to bed because of an illness, heard guns fired, piercing cries of agony and the roar of flames consuming his neighbors’ log cabins. He rushed from bed to
A blanketed Indian told
â
\X
teifi
In that century the eisteddfod appears also to have been a regularly constituted court of a sort, its func-
lEIPi =
1


the door him to go back to bed.
Smith attempted to go to the help of his friends through a back wm-Another Indian barred his way. Imprisoned in his cabin he watched the destruction of the village.
Province of Quebec Tourist Bureau
mine “honor, orine,
Quebec's 1939 highway and tour- ored.”
ist map is now available to the11
I

dow
i
as
SUSS.,"	rSShkSi	I !«:*^JÜ!2'JSrî£ÏÏ& |5» Çm^S-VS Sïw -
searching out forest insects, there
KEEP YOUR HERD AT MAXIMUM MILK PRODUCTION . . .
tion by the Province of Quebec	syllables, writes Florence A. Cowles	, but it was revived in the Nineteentn	Learching out forest insects, th
Tourist Bureau already started.	^ lhc Cleveland Plain Dealer.	St.	century, and restored to Ms lmpor-	iuld he find g00d deer hunting
it was announced recently by K	Honora 0f the Sixth century	was	tance in Welsh life. The.Tels;^aai0^	As our virgin timber disappears,
1). Baril, director general oi tour	?h doughter of a British king	and	; is held every year, in North ana	1 does lhe Cock-of-the-woods. The
ist activities for the province.	there was also a St. Honoria in early i South Wales alternately.	tw0 g0 hand in hand and there is
As in former years, the 193» map . § Honore, Comte de Mirabeau Music competitions of a similar Q0 separating them.
secondary road., this including French caricaturist, pa.nter and
w:	,	„ — I	Dog-Own........
highways in the province and a BANI> CoNCERT-l nde' the aits- Jugn de Nova is in the Me zem-list of information bureaus. On pices ot Shaw ville .Bo>\	I bique channel, nearly a hurdred
M	Teachers_Wanted ££' *. ...
Province of Quebec Tourist Bur- protesUnt Intermediate Teacher for line. Large and ^an8*roJJs	—------------------- -------—
eau, Parliament Buildings, Que School Xo. 1, Calumet Island, Que, them roam the island, hunt in he	TEiv- .	In MemOPlam
ass 255i,afSv4B I « tsfirtsv1 lh‘" »«.
The next day a -squad of soldiers arrived. They found the village reduced to piles of charred logs, and heaps of hot ashes covered by the bodies of the victims, with Smith s family the only living beings.
Yet Rsise Strong, Heelthy Profit-iUe Stock on Qusker Cell Meet
Shrine Founded in 710
Entering the deer park of Nara, you pass through a great torn, or front gate, of red wood and stroll past many stone lanterns and wistaria-festooned trees. Finally you reach the vermilion-painted Ka-suga-no-Miya, a Shinto shrine which Fujiwara Fuhito founded in 710. It is dedicated to the original ancestor of the Fujiwara family, who was not far removed from the sun goddess, and is one of Japan’s most ancient, venerated sanctuaries. A good example of primitive Japanese architecture, the Kasuga shrine has often been rebuilt like most Shinto temples.
Quaker Calf Meal » a
balanced ration, scientifically compounded to take the place of whole milk after the first month. Thousands of alert Canadian dairymen have proved that Quaker ¦¦Meal costs less to feed, gives results that compare most favourably with natural whole milk feeding, and permits selling the maximum of milk from the herd while raising the calves into strong, lusty heifers.
Order your chick early from Shaw ville Hatchery.
Il W. Horn*ins, Proprietor
Teacher Wanted
One Teacher holding _ E'ementary Diploma. Applicant please state experience and salary expected. Ten month term. School known as “Acres
Calf
m

Quaker
Calf Meal


bee
Farm for Sale
Being Lot 5 on the 7th Range of the Township of Clarendon, containing 250 acres, more or less ; about 100 acres in bush. For further particulars apply to
E. H. MEE, Sbawville, Que,
C. H. MacLean
Red & White Store
Shawville
Que.
JAS. CARSWELL,
Secretary-T reasurer, Box 66, CampbelVe Bay, Que
-—
ZZ
