###PAGE###1###
ft
U
?

JUNE 22, mu/
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2 00 to the United State®
I
8HAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY
No 1, 57th Y BAB
GOWLING
BUSINESS
Ckdah Shingle»—A full stock of New Brunswick Cedar Shingle*
< on lmnd. R. A. GRANT, Hriefbl.
Shaw ville United W.M.S. will meet ill the Sunday School room on Thin «day of this week and will ho led by Mr# I). J. Campbell* group.	; ¦ ¦ ¦Hg
St^rkS# /Comer* wncial I# being held mi the chirn
ground* on Friday, June 2#rd Ex cell dit tripper and program mission, 85 and 20 cents. _
Zion United Chinch congregation will hold their annual strawberry social o# Thursday evening,
July Otli on the church grounds.
Admission, 25 and 13 rents.
The Ladies Guild of Holy Trinity Church, Rad fold, will hold their annual strawberry social on Friday evening, June#). Supper nerved from 0 to 8. Admission,
.85 and 15 cents.
Liberal Meeting — A meeting of the Liberal Association of Pontiac Co, will be held at the Town Hal), Campbell's Bay, on Thursday evening, June 29th, at 7 80 o’clock The speakers will indude the Hon. Adelavd God bout and the two local Members and other prominent Liberals All are welcome.
Camp Meeting—Shawville Wes-
hoyidntmeSn* it	Mr. and Mm. Ted MtGh.ire of
the Exhibition Hall, from Sunday. 1	lu' * ™e,e	xV. After the ceremony a wedding
June 25th to Sunday, July 9th.	m-?* ol .bH,ent,,,e ^r. supper was sewed at the home of
The evangelist will be Rev. Rolla and Mrs. Milton Mcunire.	the bride’s parent#, and later in
D. Wise, of Wabash, Ind , and	Mr. and Mrs. 9am Hodgin# who	the evening a reception was held Gefick — In the G. F. Hodgin* BuiMmg
and Mr# Erwin Eu tv, ot.	Ji^ve been spending the past two I	in the Onslow Orange hall. The I	Main	Street, Que.
Houghton, N Y , will be in charge	weeks with friends in this district	young couple were the recipients
of music and children’s work. For	returned to Ottawa on Saturday,	of many beautiful and costly gifts,
further paiticulars see posters.	They will reside on the groom s
Dr. and Mrs. Kinsman and Dr. | farm at Onslow Corners, and Mrs. Barry, of South Porcupine, Ont., were week end guests at the home of Mr. and Mrs. John B. Judd.
PERSONAL MENTION
ENGAGEMENT
Shawvllle Hardware
NJr< Af MvKnight, of Almonte. Ont., ri ni ted lier relatives heie un Sunday last.
COTIK—iMISON
Mr. ami Mrs. W. H. Cotio. o
^rnfn* )„t	'
I	l c-» w w m «mu
ta wa relatives this week.	| Lovis Armstrong, only son oi Mt.
v .	.	.. ,. , , ami Mrs. H. liaison, ol 9h iwville,
, Mr. rvluani W illiams, or Gard A,##. The marriage to take place
•n*1» Ont.tto vWting hie uUtw, Lbout the middle or July
Mr*. Asa Smart, this week.
f
COLLEGE
/
Seasonable
Requirements
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school in-removed to larger and finer j premises. The finest and most \ modern in Ontario. Attend a ' school with an established reputation. Open all year.
a nn I versa i
II
Ail
Miss Gwen Hudgins, of Ottawa
spent the week-end with her par ents, Mr. and Mrs R. \V. Hudgins
MARRIED
in
A II M IT AG K- T V BM A N
__ Paul’s Anglican Church,
ville, N. Y., is visiting her tela- Shawville, was the scene of a tives in town gnd vicinity this pretty wedding ceremony on week.	I Wednesday afternoon, June 14, at
2 30 o’clock, when Miss Lily AI«ce
O.'evnt Tu unau, daughter of Mi., y . *» • m . T\ar t t t a n ami Mrs. Matthew Henry Tubman, U A1V1 r<S A# M1LLAK
;
Mrs Floyd Walter-, of Glovers
St
Fishing Tackle Fly Repellents
Screen Doors, Window Screens v Spring Hinges, Calv’d Screen Wire Carden Spades, Shovels, Hoes, Forks Lawn Mowers, Crass Shears, Broom Rakes
w. e. comme,
President
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
Mrs Mae Quinn, of Toronto, is a g no Ft at the home of her brother, Mr. Thou, llobin, for the Summer
mon the.
of Weirateari. Que, became the bride of Hilliard Armitage, son of Miss .Muriel Webb, of Ottawa, Mr. and Mr*. George Armitage of wan a week-end guest of her uncle Onslow Corners. Que. Rev. T R and aunt, Mr. and Mr*. Walter [{. Nurse officiated.	if
Harris.	I Given in marriage by her father,
the bride was becomingly attired in a white satin gown, white hat and other accessories to match. -*he carried an arm bouquet of pink rose.
Mi*s Gwen Tubman warn brides
B A
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
29 Main St., Hull, Que.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
AtMoyle’s Hotel, Campbell'sBay,
every Wednesday morning .
Miss Louise Booth, of Brandon, Virginia, is spending a few day- at the home of her grandmother, Mi8. J. Fairfield.
Mrs. M L. Wells, of Manassas,
Virginia, is spending several weeks! maid and wore a pink sheer gown, at the home of her parents, Mr. w ith white accessories, she carried and Mrs L. J. Fairfield.	|rt bouquet of ro*es.
Mr. George Tubman was best
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC

Est. C. J. Caldwell
Graduate of McGill University
SHÀWVILLE QUE
Mi
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Okpick : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
Orange Parade, July 9
On Sunday afternoon, July 9th, Orange Lodges of the district will meet at the Shawville lodge room to parade to the United Church where the pastor, Rev. A F. Pokes, will deliver a special address at three o’clock. Everybody invited to attend the service. Slmwville Hoys* Rand will lead the pat fide.
Clement—Atkinson
St. Stephen's Church, Greer mount, Que., wai the scene of a Mrs. Alex Milne and children, I pretty wedding on Wednesday have returned to their home in afternoon, June 14t!i, 1939, when Ottawa after a few days visit at Eliza Adeline, daughter of Mr» the home of her parents, Mr, and Atkinson and tlie late James Mrs. E. H. Mee.	; Atkinson, of Greeimount, became
the bride of John Lester Clement, son of Mrs. Clement and the late Mr. J. Clement, of South Porcupine, Ont Rev. Donald Andrews, of Campbell * Hay, officiated.
The bride wa* given in marriage by her brother-in-law, Mr. Allan Smith, of Charter is. Que., and was attended by Mi-s Jean Smith, as bridesmaid. The groom was supported by the bride’s.brother, Mr. Lloyd Atkinson. Mrs. Gordon Smith officiated at the organ, and during the signing of the register the congregation sang, O God of Bethel”.
The bride was lovely in a becoming costume of white silk net over satin, with satin hat and face veil and matching accessories. She carried a boor;net of Sweetheart roses and lify of the valley.
Miss Smith, bridesmaid, was becomingly attired in a beautiful gown of mauve silk over satin, with white liât and matching accessories, and carried Ophilia roses and for get me nuts.
Following the ceremony an afternoon tea was seived by the bride’s mother, who was becom ingly attired in a gown of navy sheer.
After a honeymoon trip to the Thousand Island# and Western Ontario. Mr. and Mrs. Clement wjll take up tesidence in South Porcupine, Out.
On Friday evening following their man iage, Mr. and Mrs. Clement were the guests of honour at a miscellaneous diower, tendered by their many frit mis of the district at the home of Mr and Mrs. David Tubman, uncle and aunt of the bride. The young couple weie the recipients of
many beautiful gift*, which testi-
CLINTON H. DOWD
B, A, LL, B, f C, L •
Advocate. Barrister, etc
Mrs L. B Brown, of California, arrived here this week to spend the summer months with her sister, Mrs. E H. Mae, and her brother, Mr Thos. Hobin.
Mi*s Lorraine Pokes, miree intraining at Ottawa Civic Hospital, is recuperating after a recent ill ness at the home of her parent*, Rev. A. F. and Mrs. Poke*.
Mr. and Mrs. Herb Jussup and family, of North Bay, Ont., visited at the home of Mrs. Jessup’s parents, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Ren nick, for a few days last week.
Hull, Qvk
Main Street
Phone, Sber. 1354
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e *2ry Friday evening.
United Y. P. U. Field Day Wednesday, June 28th
Pontiac County United Y.P.U.e
will have their annual field day oil Wednesday, June 28th at Craig Hand*, near Bristol. A fine program is being worked out and all young people are invited to come.
The program will run as follows: 2 to 4 p m., soft ball on grounds near club house ; 4 to 5, swimming and group games ; 5 to tl 30 supper (basket picnic style ) Soft drinks ou ground*: *130 to 7 15, rest period; 7 15 to 7 50 Vesper service on Look out Point, led by Quyon society ; 8teU, Campfire, addresses by district and Presbytery officers The special speaker, it is exuected, will be Rev. A O. Floyd, Ottawa Sing song and closing exercises.
DONAT Le GUERRIER

Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
I/a
S
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
Messrs. A. H. Kilgour, of North Buy, accompanied by Bert McDowell and son*, and Frank Caldwell, of Massey, Ont., visited their lelative* in town and district for a day or two last week.
Mrs. Wesley Coburn, of Watertown, N Y., visited Iihi parents, and Mrs. Fred Richardson, in town last week. Mrs. Coburn came also to visit her aunt, Mrs. 1). McCulloch, of Calgary, Alta., who is visiting relatives in this district.
Mr and Mr*. Harold Dean, who have been visiting the latter’s parent*, Mr. and Mr* E. H Mee, for the past two week-, left on Wednesday for their home in Niagara Falls, X.YMHÈÉjMtaM accompanied by Hudgins, of OttaxVa
f
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE. 2-22

A
189 MAIN STREET,

HULL, QUEBEC
At Proud foot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay, every, Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p in. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m.
i
Mi
L
i
Mayor W B. Barr has Leg Fractured When Hit by Car
?/
r
Mayor W. H. Barr, of Clarendon, had his right leg fractured below the knee and was badly bruised about the head and shoulder* when hit by a car driven by Mr.
Lawrence Tl .JÊÊÊÊÊtÊtÊIÊÊÊ
he was crossing Main Street opposite R. P. Eudes’ store on Saturday morning la*t.
Mr. Thomas was diking west at a moderate rate of speed when Mr. Barr stepped off the hide walk and, apparently, did not notice the approaching car which swerved to the right and up on the walk in an effort to avoid hitting him.
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
ioiuh*. of. Bristol, m#
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
Bemberg, Rayon Crepes, Sheers, etc. Costly Print Designs, New Bright Colours, Everyone Distinctive, Plenty of
Thrilling Styles to Choose From. Revelation in Smartness and Economy.
Wide Range of Sizes Plenty of Large Sizes
And the prices are
They were Miss Grave
New
MONTREAL, 1QUE
Mr* W. Bedford and Master Bubble Parr, of Saskatoon, Sa*k.,
Mi** Marion Parr and Mr James McGuire of Montreal, Mm. K McGuire, of Ottawa, and Mis. M J.
McGuire, of Cliaplean, Oat., were	,
Sunday guest*' at the home of Mr. | hed to their pupn.mity
and Mrs. Milton McGuire.	*
PLATEAU 63 8 8
A
Off. WALLACE J. W. HOGGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL. QUE.
(
Mr Barr was almost immediate ly attended by Dr. Powles and was taken to the local hospital where the fracture was reduced. He was sufficiently recovered on Monday to. be removed to his home.
14 to 20 38 to 44
Mr. and Mix. It O. Hudgins and | Green i.ake, July 3rd *oo, Melvin, returned this week from an extended motor trip
At a meeting of representatives through the Western States and (lf the Anglican and United Sun-Canada. They attended the ()rty Schools held last week, it was World Fair at San Francisco and decided to hold the annual union visited many former Shawville i picnic on Monday, July 3rd, at people in British Columbia and the (;,.Pen Lake It was also decided Prairie Provinces travelling in all to have the cars leave for the about nine thousand mile*.	I grounds after an early dinner at
am
the convocation at Western Uni- *ft 10 ** Sl,cce *• versity on Wednesday, June 7th.
Mrs Hayes attended the graduation exercises.
3ELAIR 3 267
D. J. CAMPBELL
105th Anniversary ot Organised Preaching
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Shawville United Church wil^ % fittingly celebrate the 105th anni-1 versary of organized preaching in * this district and thd. 40th of the build mg of the present Church on Sunday and Monday, June 25 and 2B Oil Sunday the choir will furnish special music at. both morn-w . ing and evening services Miss Lois Both well, of Ottawa, will he tit sçloiHt and Rev. Ken Wood* wsrk, of Aylmer, will be the guest preacher at the morning service In the evening Miss Mildred Connerty, an outstanding Canadian elocutionist will give a sacred recital from a well-known author. Miss Connerty comes very highly recommended.
On Monday evening the lawn social will be held
$3.95
$2.95 and
Phone 81
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19

GEORGES CARON
x
B.Ah I. C. L
Advocate, Barrister
Mrs. Jas McArthur, of Edmon ton, Alberta, spent the week-end with Mr. and Mrs. A. 9. Smart, in town. Before moving to Edmonton in 1906, Mr. and Mrs. McArthur lived for some years in Shawville.
Mie. McArthur is president of the Women's Christian Temperance Union of Alberta, and came East to attend the National Convention recentlyheWI in Ottawa. On her I Bailiff Superior Court
return she will tour the province1	^
in the interest of the temperance cause.
At Campbell1* Bay from Friday night, Monday night of each week
to
t
I
Friday, Saturday and Monday
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
* *
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d


on the Church rounds with supper served from _ p. m., after which a program will be given which will include music ... d singing and Miss Connerty in a number of humorous and dramatic sketches. The prices for supper and program are 35 and 20 cents.
W. G. CHISNELL
Eye, Ear. Nose and Threat Specialist
WEOICAL ARTS BUILDINO
/ 1»
6
Quebec
Shawville

Public Auctioneer
an
ONT
OTTAWA.

PHONE, 1—7861
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
3
V
i


###PAGE###2###
Fail To Rescue 99 Men Trapped In Sunken Submarine

Farm Forum j
"WORTH REACHING IN FOR/1*



(0
•x.
-1

J.
S
\
gam
/
Q.—Would you please tell me If it would do any good to put hardwood ashes (sifted) on my ! lawn, at the grass is rather poor owing to sandy soil, also would it do to put around dahlia roots?— K.W.—York County.
A.—As to applying Hardwood Ashes to your laxvn, this will mean an application of Potash and Lime. If you like a fair amount of ('lover in your lawn, it will be quite good, however, if the soil is slightly acid which I surmise it might be from your description, an application of Hardwood Ashes would sweeten it up and make it a more desirable location for valuable grasses and clover.
As to putting hardwood a hes around dahlia bulbs, records show that dahlias thrive in a slightly acid to neutral toil. If your fo:1 is slightly acid, then the addition of hardwood ashes wîll correct this condition since they carry 30% lime. The potash in wood ashes will help the formation of starch in dahlia roots wheih is also desirable.
Q.—Could you please tell me if old sawdust is useful as a fertilizer? 1 have a large quantity of it rotten and would use it on the land if it would be of any value to the land.—S.H.—Leeds County.
A.—In reply to your inquiry of the 12th instant, which has been unfortunately mislaid until now,
I wish to say that sawdust is not looked upon as a very high grade fertilizer. I have one analysis of it which shows a content of about .1% Nitrogen, ,
Acid, .4% Potash compares with Oat Straw, the latter is 6.2% Nitrogen, .2% Phosphoric Acid and 1.04% Potash. I presume that a light dressing of this material on a heavy soil would tend to open the soil up. On light soil it would tend to bind the soil together and give it body.
Sawdust does not rot very quickly, but applied in moderate quantities would be of some benefit to the soil.
i
i
X
i;
F 7
Your first pipeful of Disit Plug convince you I hit it goes further end lilts longer too.

I
will
Ll^

i
rQ

A










1



PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO




/

i
;
L
4k

was 16, so the cwr wa* sent to the Juvenile Court. There mugia-t rat es had to wait until the police officer in the case changed into civilian clothes. By that time ;he >outh could not be found, ao the policeman had to change back into uniform and go in m arch of k.m. Kventually he turned up, and the policeman having put on civilian clothes once more the rase went on and the lad was fined 60c.
/
Ham L. Allen, Chicago. Omit the street address. 3.—About twenty minutes, never later than ten
Thank you. I hope
I
1

-3
minutes. 4 I shall see you again, too.” 5.— He should ask the driver the approximate amount the fare will be and pay him, adding enough for a tip. 6.—No. One should butter a small piece at a time.
4
X
iStf
>


»
x

i
M
\

«


Quick Change Police

À youth, summoned for riding s bicycle past traffic lights in London, England, told the Court he
A new British.liner l*aa a room exclusively for the playing 0/ darts.
T^ia composite photograph, made up of an artist's drawing and an actual photograph of rescue vessels, gra-pèdcaily ’.Hurtrates the desperate, but vain, attempts of salvage crews to rescue the 99 men entombed in the «oaken British submarine, Thetis, which sank to the bottom of the Irish Sea while on a trial run. Four mc« aboard the ill-fated craft succeeded in escaping by using the Davis lung.
Schools Compete At Exhibition
What Science
\
2% Phosphoric This is how it
HaveYouHeaid

Every Province In Dominion Will Have Entries By Scholars In C. N. E. Competitions This Year
IS
SAFETY PROVED AGAIN
Doing
*
m
IN INDIANAPOLIS SPEEDWAY RACE!
ft rttveet rats have ken the
CHOICE Of THE WINNING DRYERS ro* 20 CONSECUTIVE YEARS!
An old darky approached the minister cautiously and very lightly tapped his shoulder.
“Parson, sub,” he said, "Ah done wants you all to pray for me. Ah s to a bad way, sub.”
•'Well, Rastus, what's wrong with you?”
"Sub, Ah s got & floating kidney, Ah has. sub."
“But, Rastus,'* replied the minister. "I can’t pray for physical things like that; I only pray for spiritual things."
“You all can't pray for a floating kidney? Then how come you ml) prayed last Sunday for the loose Brers ?"
Slim Types Safest The slim, "asthentic" type of person is likely to go through life with normal, or even low. blood pressure, but the "pyknic" type, characterized by short, broad body structure, is suceptible to high blood pressure, a medical surrey shows,
Civilization causes many degenerative diseases, and many of these are accompanied by overweight. We are victims of both hurry and Inactivity.
That so-called “new Canadians'* sre quick to take advantage of the facilities provided by the Ontario system of education Is strikingly reflected in the extraordinary nurn-oer of foreign names in the more than nineteen hundred entries already received in the school exhibits and competitions at the Canadian National Exhibition this year.
Northern On tail mining and agricultural areas will be represented n a very large way. In the Ktrk-acd !*ake district alone five schools hat e sent 800 entries and there are more to follow. Entries embrace writing, drawing, modelling In soap, clay and other materials. and all the wide variety of work covered in the Exhibition's
Marked innumber of exhibits

>*
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
W ' ' ' \ k ,
X
v
«
e>
X X X
V X X
X X
V
‘‘Dynamite" In Bugs "The “hidden dynamite," carried by some of the smallest bugs which infest men is declared today to be a potent cause of disease and of death during the summer months.
This “dynamite" Is the virus of Rocky Mountain spotted fever, carried by dog ticks and transmitted to man when an infected tick bites a human being. It is so powerful that the amount which could be picked up on a pin point can cause death.
t
\ V, ' I

1.	—When a person has finished eating, isn’t it helpful if he will •tack the empty dishes?
2.	—Should a man and wife register at a hotel as "William L. Allen and wife"?
3.	—How long before the hour for the church wedding ceremony should guests arrive ?
4.	—When you have been introduced to a person, and upon leaving, this person says “I hope I ¦hall see you again before long," what should the response be?
6.— When a man is forced by circumstances to send a girl whom he has been accompanying, home In a taxi, should be pay the taxi fare?
6.—Should a person butter the entire slice of bread at one time ?
Answers
1.—He may consider it helpful, but it is certainly not good form to do so. The dishes should remain as they are until tbt waiter removes them. 2.—No.^ The man should register, Mr. and Mrs. Wil-
FIE
A» a direct result of their experience gained on the speedways of the world, Firestone engineers now offer you the sensational new Champion Tiro. Built with the new Safety Loch cords and a new and advanced method of Gum Dipping, this tire is 35% stronger Gear-Grip tread, with thousands of •harp-edge angles, is a marvel for long mileage, non-skid safety and for sura, quick stops. Drive in today to your nearest Firestone Dealer
1st Kangaroo — where's the oabyT tnd Kangaroo—My goodness I've had my pocket picked!
Annabelle
educational section
crease in t
from all parts of Canada has necessitated shifting the location of the
m to the mezz.ni.
educational !ne of the Automotive Building.
Every province in the Dominion will have more o: less rc :esenta-ie school competitions this year. Ontario representatives already have arrived from Sault Ste. Marie. Picton. Amherstburg. Kitch-Owen Sound, Slmcoe, Walk-Engiehart, Brighton. Dry
The new
II
X X v Y'V<V
\ \ \ \ \ % ;
Progress of romance in the wheat belt, deduced from the Regina (Sask.) Leader-Post classified
columns:
Teacher Wanted, Protestant; salary, $550; 11 pupils; English-speaking district; nine teachers married from school In last 19 years. Possibilities not exhausted. Give phone numbers when replying. Address, Teacher, Box 175. Hanley, Sask.
Rate of Fingernail Growth Two doctors from Queen’s University, Kingston, have# Informed the Royal Society of Canada, that they are studying the rate of the growth of the human fingernail In hopes of illuminating phases of cancer research
ton In
(
end put on Champion»—the only

\ <
tire that is proved on the speedway for your safety ou the highway.
<
ener, erton
den, Stuyner and elsewhere
\ ^ V
«*
4
\ X \ S \	<
certain
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ s
1
Emaciation’s
Out Of Fashion
1
restons
S.
Selecting Your Child’s Clothes
It makes me sad To think that we Can never see Our Vertebrae.
Wilson
Mise Katherine Krug College’s dietitian, is not certain whether "émaciation" has ceased to be fashionable, but she does know that girls under her care "eat far more sensibly than they
See That Thev Are Well Made So They Will Stand Wear and Washing
I wish you woutdn t ai
rathe
ways keep asking questions. Didn't yea over hear that curiosity killed
the cat?"
Little Arthur: “What did the cat want to know, Father?"
Classified...
Advertising..
used to.’’
Although there is no college rule on the subject, Miss Krug said, :ne girls gularly—even breakfast."
"The consumption of milk has almost trebled in 10 years/’ she said.
Children's clothes should be well made. They get hard wear and frequent trips to the tub, and if they are to stand up under this and at the same time be comfortable to wear, seams and finishes should be narrow, smooth and pliable. The kind of construction is determined by the particular garment, the material and the kind of wear it will be given, but, in general, thread should always match the fabric in strength and color. Stitching needs to be close and properly adjusted and reinforcements are a protection for places likely to be strained.
Consider Likes And Dislikes Parents should also bear In mind that children begin to develop color preferences and standards of taste and quality very early. Some children are very sensitive to colors and their likes and dislikes should never be ignored or ridiculed. By letting a child have what he enjoys, so far as It is possible, parents can encourage a wholesome pride in appea ranee.
Il 4 11 V CHICKS
LEARN HA II II EU I R<5
TO I* HOT VII i MICKS
TOP NOTCH QUALITY AT ROCK Bottom prices all from blood tested breeders. Prices effective June 26th. Standard Quality Barred Rocks. White Itocka, New Hampshire Reds, Hybrids 18.25: 90‘b Pullets $11.76:	Cockerels #8.00.
Large Egg Qiiallty Heavy Breeds $8.25; Pullets, $13.75; Cockerels, $9.00. Bigger Profit Quality slightly higher. Free circular.—Top Notch Chlckeries, Guelph. Ont.
START ANYTIME WITH AN VI». fo-date System. Government lie# *ns<d. Free Information^ Modern Barber School. 142 Queen Stitet East, Toronto.
“attend meals re
Cupid may be a good shot but he makes some awful Mrs.
MEDICAL
THIS IS MY FIRST EXPERIENCE with a brooder stove, but I still have as many chicks es I paid for after 7 weeks,” sa> s Mrs. A. E. Hell of Apohaqul, N. R. Bray chicks arrive alive and keep on living. Order Hatchery, 130 Hamilton, Ontario
HAY FEVER. ROSE FEVER SUIT ferers. Money Rack Remedy. $< »0 Canada Herb Co., Windsor,
•arlo.
IV
Hysteria Reigns As Refugees’ Ship Driven From Cuba
yours now. Brny John Street North,
FILMS l)E\ ELOrUD
BALE OF LEGHORN PAY OLD chicks from blood-tested breeders at rock bottom prives while they last. Standard 90% Pullets,
Egg Quality add .01c. Rigger Profit Quality add .02c. Shipped CO D. anywhere.—Top Notch Chick-erles, Guelph. Ont.
rm
LC-
%
&
4
FILMS DEVELOPED. TWO PHI NTH <»f each and FREE ENLARJIfl. MENT coupon 25c.—Offset Photography Dep. “A*. 2 Russell 3U Toronto.
%

%
In


?
«USINES* UITOIU I MO
*
Quality 6V cents: 13% cents:	Large

START YOUR OWN BUSINESS. Every dollar sale brings you rev-enty-five cents profit. Write Economy Distributing Company, Curtis Avenue. Leamington. Ontario.


I*EIDMIN h L


9
MARRY—HIJN DR EPS lo CH<><
Parai*
W Ido We wttb
urs Hie. Cob» , Cm Ige ry. A.-

IIA DEN CHICKS
NEW LOW PRICES AFTER JUNE 21st. Standard Quality Barred Rocks. White Rocks. New Hampshire Reds. Hybrids 18.75, 90% Pullets 111.95 Leghorns Big Egg Quality hatched from 26 to 30 ounce eggs Heavy Breeds 11.46. Pullets 113.95, Cockerels 19.00, Leghorns $8.95. Pullet* $18. 90. Free catalogue.—Baden Electric ('hick Hatchery, Limited, Baden, Ontario.
from. Many with menus ere
'Property fldentlal oerta.
daughters
FILMS DEVELOPED
Part leu h Box 1:8
m

9
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH Every roll film developed and eight high gloss prints 23c. 8 enlarged prints 25c. Reprints same prices. Rrighttlng Studio. 29A Richmond St. East. Toronto.
a
'A
X
4sr
Cockerels $8.00 $8.25. Pullets $15.95


QUIT TOBACCO 8NUFF. EASILY, lues pensively Home remedy. TA-tlmoniMie. Guaranteed. Adv‘ce free Beilietl’e Mo* I. Winnipeg.



v :

F
«FIIEE sum
WHY SUFFER FROM ACID INL.1* gestion. Heartburn, Gas. Tike ••Arm» Antacid Tab ets" for <t«..ek relief. 35c box. 3 boxes f l.t. -• „ . Anna Products Montreal. Que.
/
AMAZING OFFER —.FREE Would you like a genuine $35 Retail Value Made to Measure suit absolutely free for only a little of your spare tlmef Write today for full details. The Hudson Company. libelle Bldg, Montreal.”
SUIT
'
How You May Reduce Varicose or Swollen Veins-Heal Ulcers
» fet'd A
TWEDDLE CHICK*
TWEDDLE HIGH QUALITY Government Approved Chicks In the low price field for June. Grade A Barred Rocks. New Hampshire Reds. White Rocks. Hybrids $9.45. 90% Pullets $14.75. Cockerels $8. Brown Leghorns, White Leghorn* IS.$5. Pullets $18.75. Extra Profit Grade the kind that weigh two pounds per hundred more Heavy Breeds $11.45. Pullets $18.50. Leghorns $10.95. Pullets $21.95. Prompt dollv e i	!¦
Tweddlo Chick Hatcheries Limit ed. Fergus. Ontario.
...,

*
FOII Vila)

M
Fur SALK—STURDY. IJVKU A. 3 white Springer Spaniel I up- 8 months old. Regbtoisd Zppl) *.L II. Oaburn, 14 I Guelph.
j
2 oSM FRBK MO VIE CAMERAS!
4
V'
BOYS! GIRLS! Well GIVE YOU A a genuine Moving Picture Machine (complete with films:—Pop-eye. Charlie Chaplin. Buck Jones, Laurel A Hardy, etc., etc.) ABSOLUTELY FREE for selling only I packages Shampoo! Rush name and address today—we trust you! Charm Studio, Box 144. Victoria. B. C.
ty A‘te
kV
I
A Simple Home Treatment
«GIVING MACHINE» M «11*1*1.131
A
The world progresses. Today many minor
Free poultry book-
ailments that took weeks to overcome can
FOR SEWING MACHINES, pairs, supplies—all make* or trade-in. reconditioned m .chins* lo stock — Write A A Son. .160 Yonge s
2-
be helped much more quickly. If you have varicose veine or bunches, start today lo bring them back to normal mise and if you
fsr
t
are wise you will do so
Tmuiilu
HH A Y CHICKS
CHICK BUYERS SAY MY BRAY
Chicks are the biggest, healthiest chicks they've ever seen.” writes _____SL	Dundalk.
Ontario. R. I: 2. <3et your order In for sturdy, fast-growing Bray chicks today. Brmy Hatchery, 130 John Street North, Hamilton, Ontario.
Ha
Just get an original bottle of Moone'e Emerald» Oil at any dispensing pharmacist
* apply it Wirtt and morning to tbs en gca veins. In s short time the veins
grow smaller and by regular
ose soon approach normal.
People who want to reduce varicose veins or swellings, should not hesitate to try a bottle at once. It is so penetrating and eco nooical that a small bottle lasts a long time.
Refused pern.Wen to land 015 Jewish refugees from Germany at
vans, Cuba, the Hamburg-America liner StL Leu is sailed j^omtuba to
cruise in the Carribbean until some other port was made available for llw landing of the refugees. Failing this the liner sailed back to Germany with its cargo of human misery. Many of the women refugees became hysterical as the St. Louis sailed from Havana and had to h< restrained from throwing themselves overboard. They would rather jump nto the sea than return to Germany	kg
H A III GOOD*
STAMPS

Ur
W1UM
lions, Switch*» furls sod all typos it finest quality Hoir floods write for Illustrated cetelo Hal terms arranged, am Hair Supply Co.
Toronto.
TOUPEA. TRANSFORMA
NEWFOUNDLAND KTAM PM. 40 I» ferent Slk*. catalogue vaju* Price lists furnished.—K4. m«ll. Hot wood. Newfoundland
PS
kue. Confiden
Toronto Hum 621 Balhurei
Issue No. 24 — 39
I
,

/

U
###PAGE###3###
photograph and description of • crude petroglyph which shows twe warriors returning from a raid lag party carrying a human head.
Utah’s petroglyphs, or rock pictures, are remarkably well preserved Beckwith found. Cut In the rook wale and cliffs with a sharp instrument, their age has been var 1 ou#f estimated as 600 to 1,200 years. They served the ancient tribe# es guides and records.
Head Hunters
Roamed West
Their Majesties Worshipped at Hyde Park, N.Y., On Sunday
Sunday
School
Lesson

L
f.

Evidence that a tribe of head hunting Indians once roamed Utah has been compiled by Frank Beckwith, Delta, Utah, newspaperman and historian, after 25 years' study of Indian rock pictures.
Included in bis manuscript la a

«
>
a ;





J+
e


j J^gmqusWqrld °cr I

LESSON XII
PAUL WRITES PERSONAL
LETTERS
1 Timothy I-1-1; 6:11-16; 2 Timothy 1:1-14; Titus 1:1-6; Philemon
2 Timothy 1:1-16; Philenvm 1-7, 21, 22
Golden Text—Give diligence to present thyself approved unto ¦ workman that needeth not to*Be asnamed, handling a-rfght the word of truth. 2 Timothy 2:15.
m
SAWDUST
At
A
Printed Tei
VVMlCJ-1 OCX A ES FROAA THE SAW NO OP* A
diamond
IS
BLACK


God
*
N ITS SETTING The First Epistle to Tl
THE LKSSO Time
Diothy anti the Epistle to '1 itus
were written md second Imprisonments in Home about A.t). 61*66. The Second Epistle to Timothy was written just shortly before Paul's martyrdom, U.67. We are not quite sure of
ote the Epistle to
,
I

veen Paul’s first
!Jli»



THE WALLS Or THE	?
<5<AMT CACTUS
Roosevelt at Hyde Park, the King and Queen attended Rev. Frank It. Wilson, pastor of the church, is shown,
Duiing their visit with President and Mrs. Franklin D divine service at St. Janies Episcopal church, RIGHT.
LEFT, jwinting to the pew that was occupied by Iheir Majesties
what time ho Philemon, probably about A.I). C2.
Plane — All these epistles were written from Rome. The Epistles to
probably sent to ilstle to Titus was te Epistle to Phil#-) Colossae.
are. pleated
UkE am ACCORD,ON.
WHICH ALLOWS THEM TO EXPAND AND ACCOMMODATE. ANV AMOUNT or WATER. THAT IS AVAILABLE.
000 British unemployed had ob
talned work through the settlement of about 12,000 refugees. There had been a similar creation of new work for unemployed people in the Netherlands by refugees who had settled In that country.
much sooner. There is still plenty of time to plant Dahlia, Gladiolus and Ganna bulbs or cornu among the flowers.
GARDENING
at Jobs created
Timothy wore Ephesus; the sent to Crets; mon was sent
CULTIVATION
Cultivation not only kills weeds, which disfigure beds of flowers and vegetables and rob these respectable things of moisture and food, hut it also keeps soil open so that it will remain sweet and absorb
chemicals from the air.
Young $o*dier of Christ
I>fore considering some of the verre P* Paul's two letters to Timothy it will ne profitable for us to recall
girding the life and work of this young soldier of Christ, it seems probable that Timothy was boru it Derbe or Lystra, his father being a Greek, Uis mother Eunice a Cbristlon Jewess. It would appear
that Paul on ary journey fourni In Lystra, somewhat to his s jrprise, this highly
and. discerning
Refugees Help Adopted Lands
f
Use Canadian Raw Materials
I can't see why that Is not pos-
she said. Refer-
nstanding facts re-
slble In Canada ring to the large amount of manufactured goods that had been imported into Canada from Germany last year, she suggested that many of these articles could be made here from Canadian raw materials If refugees who could start these industries were brought Into the and at the same time demand for labor.
SOME SPBDES
Start New Industries, Cutting Unemployment In Friendly
Nations	y
1
OF DEEP - SEA
m
necessary Bacterial action beneath is also as
STARFISHES
misted.
While a small hoe is almost an essentia! implement there are today other things which will relieve much of the drudgery which the hoe still represents in the eye of the growing country boy. A little three fingered wire cultivator will work wonders around and under growing flowers and vegetables. A Dutch hoe which is shoved along about an inch under the soil will cultivate a hundred feet or so of perennial bed in thirty minutes.
For vegetable rows, there are small cultivators pushed by hand which will cultivate a plot 100 by fiO in well under an hour and *hese be procured in larger size for horse or tractor.
CAN START YET
Even in the warmer sections of Canada it is still possible to have a splendid garden. There are plenty of things to plant which will
quickly. Experienced gardeners in recent years have been purposely holding back a portion of lettuce, spinach, carrot and other vegetable seeds so that the harvesting season may be extended just that much longer.
Early June is the ideal time in most of Canada to plant seed of those hot weather things like melon, cucumber, medium or late corn and beans. It is not safe in many districts to set out celery, tomato, cabbage and pepper plants
UJMtMOUS/
Economic advantages that would to Canada through the ad-
is second mission
accrue
mission of carefully selected groupe of refugees from Greater Germany outlined last week by Miss
GO?* 1*7 IV MM ******
~^THOUGHThTdiamond is among the clearest of all know# substances, when ground fine It resembles the powder from • lea# pencil. The beauty of the diamond is due to the reflection and refraction of light entering the stone
NEXT: What was the etilf means »f defense of the stegosaw dinosaur?	_________
& 4
esteemed belie e
In him and a -Isfng helper, be had him set apart
by the presby of an evangel s:.
The three mos: powerful Incentives to holy li.ii g which can exercise a Christian are those which Pan1, continues to emphasize to Timothy as he writes him this urgent, tender the fact that l Urist has come and saved us from our sins, the fact that we are appointed by him to be men and women of God, and the fact that Christ :s coming back ng-
of a finished re-
vere
Constance Hayward, executive sec-of 'the Canadian National
country create a
»upil and a prom
retary .
Committee on Refugees and > Ic-tlms of Political Persecution.
>A.;uld Bring Capital Along Many of the refugees from Ger-Czecho-Slovakia and Aui-
for the labour
p r v
Because they cannot afford a raid warning siren, vil-
proper air	.	. .
lagers of Wighton, England, have
provided their chief Air Raid Precautions warden with a hunting horn whose call can be heard than a mile.
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
| Versatile Actress
#	" *	"
many.
tria, were skilled artisans, she stated, and many were able to bring a derable amount of capital with . She told of how some 17,-
>f;v letter, namely
cons.
them
more
12	Lion’s home.
13	Year
20 She acta Us comedies Us
Answer te Previous Puzzle
HORIZONTAL
1,9 Motion
picture actress
6 Knock.
14	Competitor.
15	Self.
16	Impetuous.
17	Leopard.
18	To peruse.
19	Soon.
21 Party in lawsuit
¦¦3003
any ¦q na mas n
00009
osa ? ¦0 an
0HB
ham ¦
anara
UCDE12
can

HE
I
L
N I ÔInMAB AJUW
¦s 0 tMait 0 M sp w mm k ÊTA Uli
i tBaTpeSHH

NOTES
RADIO
aln; the powe demptlon, the w>wer of a holy calling. and the power of a glorious of Christ Jesus through the will of
22	Not many.
23	She acted in -------on the
P
sgasHEHaH
NEWS
ciBonnB
AND
llig pa
come on
stage
25 Christmas carol.
hope!
L\ Timothy God, according to the promise of Ufe which is in Christ Jesus. 3. to Timothy, ray beloved child: Grace.
from Cod the Father
Paul, an apostle
I
By MADGE ARCHER
P
E T
Arch Oboler s
days at 7.15 p m Plays have been switched from to 9.30 p.m. on Saturday evenings, beginning June 24.
TO BE HEARD
NBC, CBL, Cities Services
... 8 30 p.m., CBC, CBI
Trent’s Children ... ! _
CFRB — Tune Up Time p.m., CBC, CBL — My Home Town ___ June 17, 7 p m., CBC, CBL —
The Little Review MBS — Johnny Presents CBS — Honolulu Bund .
NBC. CBL — Arch Oboler s Plays
... June 18, 2 p.m., NBC — Magic
3 p.m.. CBS, CFRB — Columbia Symphony CBS — International Polo Matches ... 8 p.m.. NBC. CBI
Sanborn Hour .....
CFRB — Ford Summer Hour
9 p.m., CBC, CBI Play Produced ..
CBS. CFRB — Tune Up Time ..
8	p.m., NBC. CBL — Al Pearce ..
9	p.m..
Theatre
—Columbia Workshop 8 p.m., CBS, CFRB -
26 Elm.
28	Merchandise.
29	To eject.
36	Made of sleet
37	Fierce wind.
38	Low soft hat 40 Railroad.
42	Manufactured.
43	Forehead.
44	Wine vessel.
45	Pretense
46	To pull a Ions
47	Tardy.
50	Noah’s boat
51	Distinctive theory.
53 Within.
56 Senior.
SUMMER HOURS
More than one radio program has gone completely popular for the summer months. The Ford Sunday Evening Hour has been changed to the Ford Summer Hour. Same day and 'same time, but will feature James Melton, Francia White, Don Voorhees Orchestra and “Rouge Reporter.” Rumor has it now that Magic Key is likely to switch from Sunday to Monday from 8.00 to 9 p.m. beginning June 26, and instead of Dr. Frank Black and his symphony, a Metropolitan singer and a Broadway player, we are to hear, Rudy Vallee, Sonia Henie and Tyrone Power.
T
I
¦JAR Else
skan*E
24 Buried 27 Pitcher.
30	Heavy string
31	You and I. 49 Indian race area.
32	Incarnation of 52 English coin 2 Part of mouth
Vishnu.	53 Heathen god. 3 Bugle plant.
4 Combed with
a card.
SO
10 p.m
mercy, peace tnd Christ Jesut our Lord. 3. I do thank God, whom 1 serve from my forefathers In a pure conscience, bow unceasing is my remembrance af thee In my supplications, ni ind day 4. longing to see thee, remembering thy tears, that 1 may be filled with joy. “This is a beautiful and pathetic thauskgiving.
5.	Having been reminded of the unfeigned faith that Is in thee; and which dwelt first in thy grandmother Lois, and thy mother Eunice; and, 1 am persuaded, in thee also.
Guard The Truth
6.	For which cause I put thee in remembrance that thou stir up the gift of God. which Is In thee all through the laying on of my hands. Paul directs liii pen to the very heart of Timothy. What Paul urges Timothy to do Is to hold fast and never swerve from the great,
unchangeable
GIG
UBnHIlHH
June 16, at
8 p.m
Miss
9 p.m., CBS, 10.16
54	To rub out
55	Rodents.
33	Golf device
34	Equipage.	.
35	Rubber trees. 57 She was born 5 Senior
37	Before Christ in
38	Festival.
39	Genuine.
41 Smoldering
coals.
45 Full of puddles.
48 Form of "be."
6 Recession 58 She is the 7 Prize contest daughter of a g Tiny lake, famous theatrical
8 p.m., CBS . 9 p.m. 10 p.m.
5.	Hearing of thy love, and of the faith which thou hast toward the Lord Jesus, and toward all the saints. The love was displayed towards the Christian congregation, the faith towards the Lord Jesus Christ; but they are so knit together where they truly exist that St. Paul #peaks of them both as exhibited alike towards Christ and towards his church.
6.	That the fellowship of thy own faith may become effectual, in the knowledge of every good thing that is In you, unto Christ.
7.	For I had much joy and comfort In thy love, because the very hearts of the saints have been refreshed through thee, brother.
The apostle now proceeds to ask his friend to take back Into hie household the slave Onesimus. He asks Philemon to do this for a num-
9 Leguminous plant.
10 One who VERTICAL rants.
1 Measure of 11 Since.
Key
4.30 p.m
U
0
— Chase and 9 p.m., CBS,
I
The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation is doing Itself well la the matter of summer symphony. Two series have been added to the network, the Chalet concerts from Montreal on Wednesdays from 8.30 to 9.30 p.m. and the Summer Symphony from Winnipeg on Wednesdays from 11.30 to midnight. Also plans have already been made to broadcast the popular Toronto Promenade Concerts again this year, definite plans seem to have been made for any dramatic series, except that series which will Include the production of the prize winning plays of the past season's CB C dramatic contest.
AROUND THE DIAL ... Effective June 16. the WOR Symphony shifts
Jack
- Prize Winning June 19, 8 p.m..
19
K
I
Radio
10.S0 p.m., CBS. CFRB
.. June 20.
Ed. O. Rob-
CBS, CFRB
undeniable
deei
truths concerning Christ and his salvation. We may allow differences in secondary matters
6
I
but we
8.30 p.m.. NBC, CBL -
9 p.m
e from the founda
inson
must never mo lion truths of our faith.
Titus aud Timothy were closely associated as companions and help-of Paul. Timothy was sensitive ind affectionate, also sympathetic end dependent. Thus reveals more of energy, vigor, of discretion, and of decision. Titus appears first in Gal. 2:1, where Paul remarks that when he went up to Jerusalem with Barnabas from Antioch, together with his adopted son, Timothy, and that Titus remained with him during his three years of ministry In Kpbesus. It was he whom Paul sent la Corinth wlHi the First Epistle to the Corinthian*. j
All that wo know of Philemon know from the short letter. Wo fairlv assume that he.was a
*
Information Please
CBS, CFRB — We. the People ......
9.30 p.m., NBC, CBL — Fibber Me
June 21, NBC

7
<o
Gee and Molly CBL — One Man's Family
— Alfred Wallenstein, guest
conductor Montreal Symphony .....
CBC, CBI
June 22, 8 p.m
era
8.30
0
ber of reasons.
21. Having confidence In thins obedience I write unto thee, knowing that thou wilt do even beyond what 1 say. 22. But withal prepare also a lodging; for I hope that
I shall be
p.m
7
6
4)
Percy
9.30 p.m Faith's Music NBC — Rudy Valiee ...
NBC, CBL — Good News CBS. CFRB — Major Bowes Am
10 p.m., NBC. CRI
51
to Fridays at 8.30 p.m Benny broadcasts from his famous home town, Waukegan, 111., on Sun-
Klliott Roosevelt,
9 p.m. . 9 p.m
me
through your prayers granted unto you. These words indicate Paul's hope that he would
day, June 2» son of President Roosevelt, is com inentating over Mutual on Satur
ateur Hour ..
—Bing Crosby
soon be set free again
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Public Enemy
%
I, A
mtixe and Inhabitant of Colossae, where his eon lived and labored; that he was brought to Christ by gt. pan I (v. 191. The object of the litter to Philemon Is explained by
Oneslmus, a slave of Philemon, had run away from hie and found his way to the
WHAT ON EARTH DO YOU WANT TO KNOW WHAT JAIL IS LIKE FOR, PINHEAD? YOU DONT EXPECT TO •
qe there, do you?
I WOULD N BE A BIT SURPRISED ' I'm TAKIN BACK A LIBRARY BOOK AN ITS TWO WEEKS OVERDUE'
WHAT A QUESTION, PINHEAD.' ITS LIKE1
WHATS BE IN IN JAIL LIKE, DAISYBE LLE ?
Z
YOU SEE IT IN THE MOVIES \YOUjwE AR
À" striped"suit"ano YOU LIVE BEHIND
Var*,Vano'>u
IAT NOTHIN* BUT
WATER.'
r
(
# #
)
Its contents
k
I


master
dty of Rome.	- jv
1. Paul, a prisoner of Christ Je-_- i, and Timothy, aour brother, te piilemon, our beloved and fellow-worker, 2. and to Appbta oui staler. and to Archlppus our fellow-• tidier, and to the church In thy fettise: 3 Grace to you and peace irem God, our Father and the Lord issus Christ. 4 I thank my God sF making mention of thee In
*
t
*
V
A
I
//
4
ene
I
I
Tv
i


v
r*
/
4%
i

âji:
«

1 LfifiSs*
were
mv prayers
U S Fm

###PAGE###4###
ü



%*



—
-


aOSKSMOOBOB
|>j/V
THE EQUITY

this Board wish toaccet>t their titter.— Carried.
The following hills were presented f««
vplU \ <t : —-
J. M. Argue .................
W. A. Hotlgitia .	..........
Hurs* HoJginx, visit g schools
Rex Wilson,
H. T. Argue,
Garrett Walsh Hilliard Hobbs
i

HODQ-INS
GARAGE

We
SHAWVILLE. JUNE 22,1939
$i 35 n
9 7<$
Î
I
COUNTY COUNCIL MINUTES.
H (H#
Si
% %
Now Stock
* »
SS
8 0
Regular quarterly session held at Campbells Bay, Wednesday, 14th of June, 1939. Members present: Warden Robert B. Carswell, and Councillors Simon Downey, James Pott pore, Thos Burke, Thos. J. McGuire, Eugare Pleau,
Andrew Judd, Rand Poisson, Jas. H.
Peever. Edward C. Lawn, Charles 8.
Brink worth, Ferdinand Racine, Win. D.
McCleary, Wm. H Barr, G. 0 McDowell, J. Nelson McLellan, Ambrose Kennedy, P. H McCann, Andrew Daley,
Eugene Charron, J. B. McConnell and Hosanna Bedard.
All members who had not yet subscribed to their oath of office now did so and the minutes of last session were then read and adopted on motion of Crs. Pleau-Downey.
An extensive correspondence arising from last session was read, and owing to an amendment to Article 163 of the Municipal Code made at last session of the local Legislature, Councillor James H. Peever was empowered to sign any or all cheques with the Secretary Treasurer at any time should the Warden be absent or unable to do so, on motion of Crs. McCann-Poisson,
It being discovered that an error had been made in the tax sale of Lot 4,
Range 11, Clarendon, in 1937, and all the interested parties having given their consent to the cancellation of said sale the council agreed to such cancellation on motion of Crs. Peever-Poisson.
Rills from the C.P.R. $2.41 for cleaning snow from the crossing at the Bristol-Clarendon town line, and from The Equity for $7.30 for printing notices of By-Law No. 80, were ordered to be paid on motion of Crs McCleary Daley.
The Council of D >rion & Church petitioned the County Council to aid in endeavor to secure grants from the Provincial Government for the improvement of their public roads in order to assist their unemployed residents, and HHIBB	M.L A , was requested
to endavor to secure such grant on j and Percy Burden, also clean out ditch
to drain culverts, v<.ik to be done at

n
8 On | 8 00 8 00
' *
V

uæ of car
Motion—Coma Argue — Tint these I
—Carried. S||
That thisj
Board i dverttse in Ths Equity for a I
competent.individual to teach the class in Household Science in the High School during the term 1939 40, three hours a day.—Carried.
Motion—Comr Argue—That an Ad he also inserted in the Daily Star.— Carried.
Motion— Comr Wilson—That Comr Hobbs preside over the nomination of Commissioners on Monday, July 3rd, 1939 —Carried
Motion—Comr Walsh, to adjourn.— Carried.
%•
it
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
• bills be approved and paid, ' Motion—Comr Walsh -
King Bug Killer Acme Bug Killer Paris Green Arsenate Of Lead Arsenate Of Lime
j
For Your Fence

#. «
I
Requirements
J A Dkan,
Sec.-Treas
G. C. C. Cattle Spray
Try Frost Steele and Wire Company’s Famous Tight Lock Fencing
South Onslow Council
X
X
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., RECO.
June 5, 1939
S
I
X
A regular meeting of the Municipal Council held on above date at the usual ' place of meeting. Members present, i Ambrose Kennedy, Mayor and Councillors Westbrook, Young, Clarke, Mul* d')on,
Ou motion of Crs. Clarke-West brook, the minutes of last meeting were confirmed as read
Miss A Pritchard and Miss E. Edey representatives of the Women’s Institutes for Pontiac County re a contest for beautifying homes and surroundings, and on motion of Crs Young and Westbrook, that th;s Council donate $10.00 towards this cause—Carried.
Motion by Cis Muldoon Young, that Frank Cornu be notified to put culverts on new road between properties of Wes
It cost very little more per acre for a good fence that will hold the stock in place while you slumber. We have a good assortment at present.
\
\

X
line	• •. •
M. Hamilton, road list. ...
W. I Fleming hoard of Council A. Kennedy, travelling.......
Hr Warble Fly
.. . SlO SO | g,une — Carried.
. . 80 00
c
X
Motion by Crs Muldoon Westbrook, 9 *01 that the Mayor get legal advice on com 6 00 pensât ion pipers of Terrence Mulligan. —Carried
Henry Mulligan made application re.
I
X
\
X
\
X
\
\

X
v
H. Young ......
W, Westbrook .
H. Lu-»k........
A. Smiley .. . . L Kennedy .... F. Mu Moon . .v
A. Clarke *....
I* O'Hara .....
0, O'Reilly ....
13 00 | a ditch. 12 00
X
X
Motion by Crs. Muldoon-Young that
.....	2 00 Harvey Steele inspect h w«ter course at 0
.....	9	00	side road bttve *n L Us 16 and 17, be-	9
• • -	1-	0 >	-tween Rungt.s 6 and 7.—Carried.	E_
.....	12	00	Motion hy Crs Clarice Smiley, that E.	9
. .	15	00 I	Keon Ik* granted $50. to spend on road
....	9 no j at No l *cL< pi—-Carried
The Valuation Roll was examined and Councillor Arthur Smiley then to« k | homologated without change, on motion his seat.	|of Crs Muldoon Young.
Motion	Muldoon-Westbrook,
that North Onslow Council lie notified to cut brush and build two culverts on Town Lir e opposite L is 22 and 24 — Carried.
J. L, HODG1NS
X
3 Phone 64*J.
*
» i
zizizizizi/iy ziZziz
x
Mr. E. C. Lawn,
3 00
motion of Crs Posson-Racine A communication from M. J. Coghlun once.—Carried, re. Pembroke Bridge was read and	On motion of Crs. Choke Young,
action thereon deferred until after I that Geo Murphy spread vital gravel is dinner, when the Council adjourned at John Clarkes Corner on the side-road until 1.30 p.m., on motion of Crs leading to Hector Bronsons, and t be Poisson-McConnell, and on re assembly ; culvert at Bronsons be lepaiicd and not a letter from Miss A. 8. Pritchard, ; paid for untill 1940.—Canied. Secretary of the Pontiac Women’s	On motion of Cm Young C’a;ke, the
Institute, requesting a grant to its foil wing bills were mdered pnid xiz :— Home Beautification Scheme for 1939. Hector Bronson. B and O town-was read, and Cr. McLellan moved that $15 be voted for that purpose, but failed to get a seconder.
A request from the Council of Alley ne & Cay wood, that delegates be sent to urge the completion of the road be tween Campbell’s Bay and Kuzabazuu, connecting highways No. 8 and 11. was read and Crs Lc.wn, Downey, McConnell and Mr. G. A. Howard, of Shaw ville were appointed delegates for that purpose with instructions to also advocate and urge the construction of the Sheen-Temiscaming road, on motion of Crs Poisson-Racine.
The Pembroke Bridge matter was then resumed and Crs Burke Poupore %?9fe a appointed delegates in this matter to replace Crs Brennan and Allard on delegation appointed at last session on motion of Crs. Pleau and Kennedy.
Mrs. E Bergeron appeared with n complaint about difficulty she was having with re-possesion of her Lots in Allumette Island East which were sold for taxes in March, 1938, and redeemed by her in May, 1939, but as the Council regarded the matter as being entirely between her and the purchaser, no action was taken by tie Council.
Mr. T. J. Moorhead, Secretary of the Ottawa Tourist Bureau handed every member of the Council a copy of the " booklet issued by said Bureau with an I outline of its activities and projets up I to date.
The Secretary Treasurer informed the !
Council, that he wished to resign from | his position as on the 31st December j next, and was instructed to call for l applications for the office by public1 notice published in the usual manner j until 1st September next, applicants to | state experience and salary expected, , no application necessarily to be accept- I ed, on motion of Crs. Kennedy-Poisson.
Outlines of "work done and in pros- I pect by the two Tourist Bureaus at Hull from J. T. Grimes and Janies C McCuaig were read, but no action taken thereon, and the Council adjourned on motion of Crs. Poisson-Kennedy.
jg^ISJSJBjaJSJaJBj'SEJSJSfS
Motion by Vis. West brook* Muldoon, tlmt Wm. Dis per lie gr-mted $40. to «pend on North t*nd of new road, and Frank Cornu $35. on South end — Carried.
Motion by Crs Smiley Young, tint James Kilroy be appointed road master on new road between Lots 2 and 3. Range 4, and he given $50. grant on
DALE’S TINSHOP
On motion of Cr Clarke the Council adjourned.
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Jos. A. Steele Sec-Trees
BEATTY PUMPS
X
A

/
We carry a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.


Let us know your requirements and we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
?
5BÜK.
C ¦

i

m
Éfy

m
%
i
7

>
m
A

DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, DUE.



\

-
\

//
Sfl

ESTABLISHED 1883
INVALID
/

COACH
èy


m


%\
GEORGE HYNES & SON
«I
l


m
$

Directors of Funeral Service
&
i

¦¦¦
Shawville, Que.
Phone 8
t
Buyers are now realizing PONTIAC is right in the lowest-Price Field!
RESULT—sales are soaring to new high records l


Pontiac bas stepped up the horsepower of your new car dollar! Here's beauty that stands out like a glowing debutante visiting an old maids' home. And a price away down uith the lowest. . . down as much as $100 compared with last year! A Pontiac neered still better . .. packed with features. Never before was there such value !
Big ... sleek room for six
so lazily restful. Lots of
better
# # e
Beattie’s Eye Service
4
"humpless" floors
vision all around. Nimble as a cat in traffic lithe and steely powerful as a panther, on the stretch. Yet instantly obedient to the effortless controls. And the grand "New-rest” Ride levels every road! Get the full story back of the wheel, today !
Convenient terms on tbe General Motors Instalment Plan
4
e e e
• • •
<
# # e
H T. Hi human. SecTreaa.
Bryson, Que., 17th June, 1939.
*
cngi-
i
• • •
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie's Ey£ Service, cor. Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service

.1
V
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
U69P
two semis
Shawville, Que., June 7th, 1939 Clarendon School Board met on the j above date. Present : Chairman Hod i gins, and Commissioners Wilson, Argue, H : i Walsh.
Minute# of la netting wad and on motion of Comr Argue were approved A letter wait read from the Depart-1 ment of Education regarding a promis ed gr.mt not to exceed>$500.00 for luipment and fr	to $à 'X)
¦¦¦¦¦tHiit indivi l ;tl or specialist
* »>


Jr
Scienlifit Eye Examinations
Specialists on all Visual an<l Muscular
4
Eye Defects
L. Hodg-lns
John
C«
for i compe
in th** High SchoSI during the term of
40. mm
Motion -
Quebec
Shawville
KATHLEEN M.ROLUNS
hold
T. T. BEATTIE, ProfuiiMil Optomatmt
•CWfiCt

i IHW
Secretary advise the Department that
That tbi
_ r
111
YOUR PONTIAC DEALERS DESIRE IS TO SERVE YOU PERMANENTLY und WE11



-
_
###PAGE###5###

Notice to Electors of School Municpality of Clarendon
The Equity’
O/uleï lJuuh.
MaeLean’s
FLY SPRAYS
isiabllshe* INS3
PU»LI«M1MD EVERY T1IVMHUAY AT
SHAWVILLE, QUEBEC
anmcum
Jit'll!

RED & WHITE STORE
Province o» Qnelwc, - f School Municipality of Clarendon z.
Public Notice is hereby given tbit there will be held on Monday, the third clay of July, 1930, at the hour of ten of ....	, .the morning at Hynes’ Hall, Shawrille,
Protect your children by ( | I meeting of the owners of reit v
of this Municipality (Shawvilleincluded) entered as such upon the valuation roll to proceed with the Nomination of two School Commissioners in the room and ,	L J l I stead of Messrs. Rexford Wilson and
money from your nerd j | h. T. Argue, whose term of office ex-
by using a dependable
Fly Spray.
All kinds of My Sprays for inside and outside
»
annual subscription
Any where in Canada .. Si W To United States... 2.00
'The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves '
use
No writing. No money orders. , No bother. Just call or phone. 100% live delivery guaranteed.
C. HAROLD BOULTON Bristol Egg A Poultry Association BRISTOL. OLE
23 cts.
Alytuer Sou pa, 3 for Crown Ted, one pound package Red & White Coffee, per pound
“ Baking Powder per lb. 25 “ Pineapple, Sliced, Crushed, or Cubes 10 “ Mixed Biscuits, two pounds Miracle Whip Salad Dressing 32 os. 49 “
16 “ 35 “
22 “ 15 « 15 and 25 “
19 “
Alt arrears muet be paid in full before any paper Is discontinued
keeping the flies down, and also make more
53
• #
39 “
a a
W. G.OOWAN, PUBLISHER

pires.
Shou’d there be more than two names on the nomination papers at eleven o’clock, a. m, an election will take place in the same Hall the follow-
THE CORNER STORE ||S'2ZZZ
25 “
Heifer Astray
Roy 6. F™ser
Striked onto the premises^! the under signed, on orahoty June tat, a two
yesr old heifer ail white with a few
red markings. Owner may bave sa
by proving property andv paying ei
penses incurrred

44
44
44
44
Kl
Flowers, Gifts, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886 Phone 160
8 “
44
44
44
44
Fresh Cheese, per pound
Shu-Milk for White Shoes,
It, for White Shoes, per bottle
June, 193»
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts • HAWVILLE. - QUE.
J. A. DEAN.
Secretary
%
»
thos. McDowell,
Minutes of South Onslow School Board
Charter!», Que
MEAT DEPARTMENT
Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our business. We invite your patronage orders of g 1.00 or over, phone us collect $5.00 or over, phene us collect and we shall prepay.
Quyon, Que., June 14, 1939 A meeting of South Onslow School Commissioners was held on the above date at the usual placo of meeting. Members present : J. H. Henderson, chairman, and Commissioners Aram, Burden and Poole.
On motion of Conor Poole the minutes of last meeting were adopted as read.
Canada Packers Sausages, fresh per
On
pound 15 “
Good Assortment of Cooked Meats
On orders of
7
• Motion—Comr Burden—That Schools close on June 88th.—Carried.
On motion of Comr Amm. the following bills were ordered paid :
0. Bonrgoise, pine.........
G. Burden, work at No. 3 <fc 4,
E Hamilton, work at No. 3,
The Equity, publishing minuses Sec-Treas , salary and postage 110 00 Motion—Comr Burden, that Harold Poole send a sample of water from No. 3 School to the Provincial Health to be
On motion of Comr Amm, the meet-1 pared with which the white elephant of .Siam or Burma hardly ranks for holiness It is venerated by nearly all tribes of the Plains Indians. In times past, before the Sioux, Crow and other tribes had made much progress in accepting the ways of the white man, the hide of the creature was so valued that an Indian would trade his best horses for one, although he would not part with them for any other consideration whatsoever, according to ethnologists of the Smithsonian insti-
Successor to G. F Hodgins Co. Limited
ii
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Ph»ne anytime between 7 a. m.,
and 11 p. m.
JUNE SPECIALS
|12 00
7 00
4 00
10 00
White Bison Venerated
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
By Most °lains Indians
One of the most sacred animals in the world is a white bison, com-
Boy’s White Polo Shirts, Carleton Knit
Sizes 28 to 34...................
Mens’ White Polo Shirts, Siz>s 30 to 38
______
Mens’ White Sport Shirts,
49 cts
ipg adjourned
59 44
Jos A. Steel*, See.-Trees
Phone. 278
69 44
Service Announcement
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
75 to 98 “
Mens' Fine White Sport Shirts,
Shawvillb United Church Ren A. F. Foxes B. A , B.D.^pAMor
Sunday, June 23
Shawville Anniversary lLOO rt.iu. Service at Shawville
Gueat Preacher : Rev. Ken. Woodvvark, [ tution
of Aylmer, Que. Soloist, Misa Loi# Among many primitive peoples Botbwell, of Ottawa.	(white animals* albinos and other-
7.30 p m., Service at Shawville	«fW, have been endowed with su-
'toe Part.* will be ... eU uge oWb# ApuiUtial virtues The animal se-service. Miss Mildred ConnertyH lected for this reverence is usually outstanding elocutionist will give a ane closely associated with the life sacred recital from a great author. °f the people, like the elephant in Special music by the choir.	I Bhuddist countries The ordinary
bison was the Plains Indian's source of livelihood. It provided him with food and clothing and, with the hides used for making tents, shelter.
Long before the Indians had guns and horses they killed the bison by driving them into pens, or over the brinks of high embankments. Ac-co ling to a story from the Atsina Indians, the meat and hide of a herd thus slaughtered was not touched if a white bison was among the carcasses. It was skinned and the hide preserved as a religious article. .
Among the Teton Sioux, according to another legend, the white bison was believed to have taken the form of a beautiful supernatural
woman.
75 “
Sizes 36 to 38
Mens' Plain Red Polos,
Plain Green, Blue, and Yellow Polos

75 “
Boy's Silk and Cotton Mesh Polos
Siz-s 30 to 32
Shawville Bakery
59 "
Fancy Stripe,
Kiddies Play Suits, Red Trimmed, 2 to 6 years ................. ............
Kiddies Wash Suits, Odd sizes only 49 to 59 “
49 to 59 “
35 “
3.00 p m , Service at Stark's Cowers. The Pastor will preach on, ‘True estimates of human values."
The service at Zion is withdrawn on account of the Shawville Anniversary.
Anniversary and Wedding Cakes A Speciality
r
Kiddies Overalls,
Girl's Brown Slacks, Yellow trimmed Sizes, 8 to 10	.............
Bristol United Church C. Armstrono-Sales, B, D. Sunday, June 25
St. Andrew’s, Sunday School 10 00a.m “	“ Service at 11.00 a.m

Phone 89
79 “
Knox, Service withÿawn Decoration Service at Norway Bay Cemetery
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
Girl's Blue Slacks, White trimmed, U to 18 98 “
35 “
2.30 p.m
7.36 p.m
Clarendon Pastoral Charge Rev R. U. Newman, M.A.,BD Sunday, June 25 11.00 ft m , Service at Radford
2.30	pim., Servie* at Norman
7.30	p. m., Service at Yarm
Service at
Austin,
All sizes
Girl’s Fancy Coloured Shorts,
Special Sale in Boot & Shoe Dept.
Clearing Lines of Womens White and Black Oxfords and Sandals, Values up to #3.00 now selling at Come and pick your
i Property for Sale
PRINTING
Desirable dwelling house on Main Street, West, Shawville. Large pro party. For further particulars, apply
geo. h. McDowell,
1164 Gladstone Ave, Ottawa, Ont
$1.49 13 $1.98
ANGLICAN W.'\ v St Hvl’s Sun lay, June 25 10.00 a. m — Sunday School.
Morning Service Withdrawn
7.30	p m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
I l.oo a m —Holy Communion
St. Luke’s
1.30	p m—Sunday School 2.00 p m —Evening Prayer ;
Parish of North Clarendon Mr. A. C. Liwrence, Lay Reader 10 30—North On4>w, Morning Prayer 2.30—Charteria, evening Prayer
while they last
to
size

SPECIAL
Dr. McCann & Security Arch Shoes, brown and Black, High Quality,
Values np to #6 00, while they last fur
Odd sizes only
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside
firms.
Let us do your :
BLOCK OF LAND FOR SALE
$1.98
Desirable block of land containing onetnd a half acres, situated in the township of Clarendon, just south ot Shawville village limits. i house and outbuildings on property For further particulars apply to,
P.O. Box 134,
Shawville, Que.
Dwelling
GROCERY SPECIALS
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices Statements,
Posters Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
29 cts
49 "
2 pound Tin Aylmer Pure Jam 4 .« ................. 11
25 “ 25 “ 5 M
Tenders, Wanted
Sealed tenders will be received by the undersigned president up to and in eluding July 1 st,. 1939, for a Secretary-Manager of Bris» id Fit filler’s Club. .Lowest or any tender not necessarily
KO Y MACFARLANE,
President Bristol Farmers’ Club R. R. No. 3, Shawville, Que
Pea# or Corn
3 Tins Tomatoes,	¦¦¦¦
Tins Pork & Beans, 20 ounce size
eneb.^.........
f
i
3
Fresh
w
10 “ 10 ••
. P# st Bran Flakes
Jv/v/
B ounce size............
unie (Mixed Pens, Cm
2
25 ••
)
accepted
rots
I
ilk, the new milk pudding.
Sales & Service
MAIN STREET
SHAWVILLE, QUE
Shell Sealed Gas and Oils
General Repairs
2 Packages
gjKpnr.
A handy Tea Strainer free with each pound of Salada
Fifty only while they last
19 "
f
* I»
Tea at regular price
i
Household Science Teacher Wanted

il
t
Applications will be received up to June 30th, 1939, for a Competent individual to teach the class in Household j|| ce in the High School during the I •!
Duties, three hours per !
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
The Same Reliable Service j";

Successor to C. F. Hodgins Go, Limited

term 1939 4 State
Wilson’s Garage

lay

J A. DEAN, Sec.-Tress
Phone 40
F


###PAGE###6###



V



DELICIOUS REFRESHING

Style Leaders
Praise Queen
BSr* -sgi?

Household
Science
1
r .


z-JW
\/%4
Her Clothes On Tour Win
Smart
milk
Z

Si;
Fashion’s Applause Hats, Chic Gowns, Pastel
Colors
i






'

t—





1
When the Duke of York ascgnd ed to the throne of RngUml, the clothes of his Queen became matters of first Importance. Queen Elisabeth faced difficult fashion problems. The simple little block frocks which other women wore with such distinction were not for her. Trained In the tradition of Queen Mary, she had to choose clothes tight and distinctive enough in color to make them stand out front the crowd.
Moreover, she faced figure problems, ns every woman does, ller’s was shortness of stature. The fashion demands of her position had to be grafted on the demands of
her silhouette.


«

Fresh, cris&
delic'ous
nutritious-o
well-balanced
meal.




m
%








V'

i
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
%
X


J
x
STRAWBERRY TIME
Here are some move delicious strawberry recipes:
Strawberry Salad 2 cups ripe strawberries 1 cup celery diced Heart leaves of lettuce Nut meats whole cup pecan nuts chopped cup salad dressing Whipped Cream.
Combine strawberries, chopped nut meats and celery cubes. Marinate in dressing, arrange on lettuce. Top with whipped cream and whole nut meats. Serves C. Salad dressing of yodr choice, a special fruit salad dressing. Makes a splendid combination and such m salad will be delighted to carry the honors of a dessert as well as that of a salad course. If used as a salad cheese wafers or small cheese sandwiches make an excellent addition.
I

$à I
\
by one over whom he had long been accustomed to lord It.
"Why, you poor sap." he said, and thought to have settled the mutter.
Hut he hadn't.
"I've still got a dollar," persisted State Trooper Callahan, "that says I can."
State Trooper Me Fee glared at him. Then, with ominous calm, he dismounted from his motorcycle, wheeled It across the road and parked it against the stone wall.
"Okay." he said gratingly. "You asked for it. Vtl just take that dol-
$
HOLDUP HONEYMOON
I
*
“Elizabethan” Mode Working with one of London’s leading d.essmakers, she took up the difficult problem and so began the development and evolution of the wardrobe of a Queen. Soft powder blues, lilacs, grays and dusty rose supplemented the beige she had worn so much before. Flounces and draped effects gave



BY EDWIN RUTT Copyright 1938. NEA Service Inc.
WJk Enjoy
the genuine peppermint flavor of
DOUBLEMINT GUM I
Oof some today!
To Mr. Antonio Giuseppe Tarantino the advent of the constabulary had been as the coming of Blucher to the Duke of Wellington. Just a moment ago he had watched helplessly as the Ford backed off the telegraph pole preparatory to resuming speed. Now it appeared that all operations would be halted.
CAST OF CHARACTERS JOSEPH SANDHAM—hero; he thought he was on top of the world until he smacked into KELLY ARCHER—heroine; she thought she was headed for the altar until she smacked into ED, the WEASEL—gangster:	he
thought he was headed somewhere, too, but affairs somehow got mixed up.
Yesterday; Joe smacks into a chicken peddler and at the moment when they arc backing away, the state troopers come zooming down the highway.

way to simple smart cuts.
Fluffy fox collars were pruned to reveal that short graceful of her throat, and the fur
lar.M
away
"The hell you will," said State Trooper Callahan, rubbing his bauds expectantly. He. too. parked his motorcycle.
curve
was placed on other parts of her costumes to retain the richness
the gelatin completely In the bo liquid and chill with occasions: stirring until the mixture Is ai thick as honey. Beat until frothy Fold in the cream and the sliced berries. Turn Into a tray of thi mechanical refrigerator and freest until firm.
Have you ever thought of making a relish with strawberries? It li quite unusual and makes a very nice fruit relish to serve with cold meats.
they demand.
Gradually a new •'Elizabethan mode" evolved, but not one costume sacrificed the personality of a woman who was feminine to the crown of her head.
On her first overseas lour her clothes are winning fashion applause. A slimmed figure has given an appearance of height; smart hats have added • - her chic.
began Mr. Tar*
“Deesa guy . antluo. pointing at Joe.
He got no further.
"Shut up." commanded State Trooper McKee. "I'll do the talkin' here."
Strawberry Moues#
% tablespoon gelatine 2 tablespoons cold water % cup fresh strawberries 2-3 cup sugar
2 cups whipped cream ^
23 cup sliced fresh strawberries.
Soften the gelatin In cold water. Crush the berries atv* stir and cook to boiling with the sugar. Dissolve
After the Poultry
a second the contestants
For
stood at the roadside, with the chickens ebbing and flowing around their feet.
barked
? ••
"One, two, three—go!
State Trooper McFee, and they dived simultaneously Into the poultry.
Followed a great to-do upon the Albany Post Road. Consternation reigned amid the ranks of the Rhode Island Reds. They flitted hither and yon about the district, in a symphony of alarmed duckings, crowing» and wing flappings. And State. Troopers McFee and Callahan, guided by their flashlights, plunged after them, clutching and grabbing, just two boys trying to make good.
Mr. Callahan beat Mr. McFee to the first punch by capturing three hens as against one and a rooster for his opponent. These were handed to Mr. Tarantino who pushed them into one of the damaged crates as best he could.
A moment later Mr. McFee evened the count when State Trooper Calahan, pursuing a likely-looking broiler over the low stone wall, tripped and fell Into a ditch, flut Mr. Callahan, aroused by this bad break, forsook the ditch hurriedly and got back into the fight. Then, for 10 minutes, a bitter, drawn struggle ensued. It was anybody • ball game.
From the front seat of the Ford Kelly Archer looked on, exasperated.
What Happened Here?
Before beginning he studied the assemblage. He was a little nonplussed by it. Antonio Giuseppe Tarantino looked what he was. an excitable Italian. Kelly and Joe looked collegiate. Ed the Weasel looked like nothing on earth. State Trooper McFee scratched his head in perplexity, trying to reconcile the association of the three in the
CHAPTER VI
State Troopers McFee, Callahan and Danzig were returing to headquarters from having quelled a riot In a roadhouse. But perceiving two apparently disabled trucks, a flock ef chickens littering up the highway and what looked like a heated argument, they paused in their homeward flight. Halting their pnotorcycles in the middle of the road but still straddling them, they gazed upon the recent debaters with interest. State Trooper Me Fee, undeniably the strongest personality of the trio, spoke first.
"Now then." inquired State Trooper McFee, "What's go In* on here?"
Pickled Strawberries 3 quarts ripe strawberries 1 cup vinegar 3 cups vinegar 1 tablespoon cinnamon 14 tablespoon cloves.
Pick the strawberries place a layer in a stone jar. then sprinkle In a little cinnamon and cloves, then a layer of berries then spices until all are used. Bring the vinegar and sugar to boiling point, and skim and pour over berries. Lei stand over night, in the morning drain off syrup and bring tc the boll. Pour over the berries as before. allow to stand ovor night. In the morning boll syrup and berries together twenty minutes. Seal Is jars.
Thousands of Christian Scientists Meet In Mother Church
¦sm.
Fç • WH?;
i%A ns»1*
Ford.
"You," he said at last, indicating Joe. "What happened here?"
Briefly Joe told him.
••And," he finished, "this fellow expects us to pay for his chickens when the accident was his fault."
•Hell," said State Trooper Callahan, who hated being left out of a discussion, "what's the sense of payin’ for ’em? They’re here,
ain’t they?"
"That’s more or less what we
told him." said Joe.
State Trooper McFee made up his mind to brook no interference with his cross-examination. He indicated State Troopers Callahan and Danzig.
"Examine that truck over there."
he ordered frigidly.
Coerced by Mr. McKee’s forcefulness, State Troopers Callahan and Danzig did as bidden. They returned presently to report the truck in fair conditon, save for a slightly-dented radiator.
"IVll run, won’t It?" asked State Trooper McFee.
"Sure. Ain’t nothin' wrong with


0

^___ J


htil
én&****** ******* "
IBS'
Summer Nightgown
Easy To Make For Yourself



I*
»
r I
Strawberry Conserve „ * ?
1 quart ripe strawberries *4 pound seeded raisins
1	lemon
2	oranges
% pound chopped walnut meats
1 quart sugar
Wash and drain the berries then put in preserving kettle with the raisins, sugar grated rinds and tbs pulp of lemon and oranges. Cook slowly for 30 mlntes, then add walnuts and cook for 10 minutes long er. Place In tumblers and cover with melted paraffin, v "
/
f

>

)
he

l
k
L
A great gathering of followers of Mary Baker Eddy met in the Mother Church, The First Church of Christ Scientist, in Boston, Massachusetts, last week, for the annual meeting. The Church was filled at an early hour right up to the centre balcony under the very dome of the great edifive. The meeting challenged a troubled world to change its perspective from a material to a spiritual basis in its search for release from pressing economic and political problème.
«
!
k
“Well, isn't this something?" she said, in a low voice. “Here we are being forced to Canada at the point of a gun and the law spends the golden hours chasing chickens. No wonder things are upset in this
country."
Something hard struck the small of her back.
"Shut up," hissed the Weasel hoarsely. "Less you wants stop a bullet.”
His tones were the tones of a
Kelly subsided.




*

the engine.”
"Then take it away/
McFee to Antonio Giuseppe Tar-•‘We can’t have no such

V
Your Household Problems
Have you fussy eaters in your family? Do you have trouble providing a varied and interesting menu? Do your cakes fall? Then write, enclosing a stamp-
said Mr.
/
•
onally: Pour a tablespoonful of milk of magnesia into a saucer and stir in teaspoonful of lemon juice. Apply thickly over neck (and face), leave on for 30 minutes, then wash off with tepid water. Rinse with cold water.
Write me direct for confidential beauty advice, enclosing 8c stamp for my reply. And detailed leaflets on various beauty subjects are available for 3c stamp each. Address: Miss Barbara Lynn, 73 West Adelaide St., Room 421, Toronto, Ont.
**.£*\i
t

antino
thing blockin’ up the road." Catching Chickens Antonio Giuseppe Tarantino his hands. Things were not
&

a
wrung
going to his liking. It looked as if he were going to have to pay for the wandering chickens out of his own pocket.
"But da chicks?" he remonstrat-
The Secrets
'1
desperate man.
Cornered, such as the Weasel
would doubtless stop at nothing.
The chicken-catching contest was ending. A number of the fowls had taken wing and fled to parts unknown where, presumably, there would be peace and quiet. Only a few remained, darting and fluttering about the road. State Troopers McFee and Callahan swooped upon these. And In a whirlwind finish Mr. Callahan nosed out Mr. McFee by a pullet and stood forth triumphant.
"Pay me," he said, flushed with

ed, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie B. Chambers, care of this paper, and she will endeavour to solve your problems.

*
Good Looks
B
i


ed
"Cluck cluck." said a kibitzing hen. as if to help remind Mr. McFee that feathered folk were preState Trooper McFee gazed dis approvingly down at the heu. Then, with a sudden movement, he Lent and scooped her up. much as Mr. Frank Crosetti is wont to scoop up a grounder.
"There you are," he said triumphantly, presenting the hen to Mr. Tarantino. "That’s the way to catch a chicken. Why, gee, he added disgustedly, "1 could catch these here chickens myself in five minutes.
At this juncture State Trooper Callahan took umbrage. For a long time State Trooper Callahan had been fed up with the overbearing deportment of State Trooper Me Fee. After all, he and State Troop er McFee were of equal rank in the force. And he was getting a bit sick of Mr. McFee’e domination mod general braggadocio. It was all right, he thought, as long as State Trooper McFee confined his dictatorship to police matters catching chickens was something else. And Stale Trooper Callahan had caught chickens on a farm, man and boy, tor 22 years
Wherefore State ban insinuated himself into the pic

! t-T*
A-n
nw
DELICIOUS f
MEALS "
aNYWHeR^ 'll

e •
\
?

?
sent

u*
Tireless Hunt For New Taste Thrills
SAVE YOUR NECK!
Summer time is unmerciful to our necks—because they are out in the open! Whatever defects they possess will stand out for all to see, and a pretty face will never offset a wrinkled, sagging or discoloured throat! it’s not t to save your neck, if you will start at once.
First, whenever you cream or massage the face, extend the treatment to your neck.
Wash your neck and face twice a day with warm water and gentle palmolive soap, because it both cleanses and youthifies the skin. Rinse with cold water.
Next, stimulate the skin with à good astringent lotion. Apply k on a pad of cotton-wool, and press lightly over the neck.
Now to erase those lines and discolouration#. Get some Three-Purpose cream, and smooth it all over your neck. Take the thumb and index finger of and, starting under the chin, pinch the flesh as hard as possible, Do this until every part of your neck has been covered.
Finally, use this bleach occasi-
, A t
K
à


a#
t
victory,
State Trooper McFee paid, but with very bad grace. Hi# demeanor a* he again approached the Ford was notably devoid of sweetness
and light.	e
“Well, what are you stick!*
around for?" he growled Irritably to Joe Sandham. "Get goin*."
"Didn’t know you were letting us go." said Joe. starting the mo-
$
Food Manufacturers Employ Scientists to Search Out New Kinds of Edibles
m-
>	2794
SIZES 12-44
late

•I»
£6
By LOUISE LENNOX
Here is a simple little nightie that you will have fun making for yourself or for a birthday gift. We all love dainty hand made lingerie and when it is as easy to make as this gown, we can have all wc want for so little, one version with the low V-neck trimmed with ruffled lace for a charmingly simple gown, from the same pattern make the neck model with the tiny
Nearly 30.000 scientist employes of United States food manufacturers conduct a constant search In 1,600 industrial laboratories throughout the country for new taste thrills and better balanced diets to enhance the family menu.
During 1938 these workers sought a cabbage with a higher vitamin C content, more palatable soy beans, way» to Improve the color of egg yolks, Improved vitamin content, color and preservabillty of foods and the preservation of foods by
carbon dioxide and by quick trees-	,	m^_____, ...	,	_a--------
log. Almost 60 type# of fish and	j	UNI	MM
Æ5
ivu
Without makln’ all this
Fart
a* *• I
e*«
i or
*Tm tollin' you to scram, ain't
I?" roe red Mr. McFee.
State Trooper Callahan was Inclined to savor his triumph.
"Catchin* thickens." he began, to the world In general. "Is just sort of second nsture to me. 1 mind a time up In Vermont when . . .*
He ceased abruptly. Stale Trooper McFee was gating at him with terrible eyes.
"Another word out of you," said State Trooper McFee, in a voice like a file, "and 1" hang one on your jaw."
"Boys, boys." said Kelly. Instinct- I
ively a peacemaker.
Mr. Callahan decided to abandon his savoring. In the force Mr.
McFee was a noted hanger-of-ones on-the-jaw. And Mr. Callahan had	"l'm tollin' you for the laet time, '
a fondness for hie jaw a* It was. | be shouted. Get out» here."
He wanted nothing hung on It. He	And then, nncx.iecledly, another
eloaked himself In atomy silence, j station tuned In
McKee, goaded.	(To Be Continued)
XVI I
I »* I•«
Make
Iron
Polerr.an
>fc Lr -
fc ATIKC
f
Then

IF YOU FEEL SUNK
square
shoulder caps. Softly flowered or plain bLtiste or crept sewed with dainty stitches delights a friend and gives you lots of enjoyment.
Style No. 2794 is designed for sixes 12, 14, 16, 86, 88, 40, 42 and
But
meat are available In canned form.
. Canned Goods Very Popular
Grape juice was available 70 years ago, but In bottles: most of the canned juices have arrived since 1929. In 1933 a total of almost 1.MB,00*.900 rnlts of fruit juices , were produced. Chocolate pudding, rice pudding, fig and plum puddings come ready to serve. Macaroni, potato salad and baked app some In cans now. floors for waffles, pan nuts and cakes save housewives many hours each week

both hands
Ml wwi
SUNK7

44
w
SL3-


r Calia
Send Fifteen Cents (16c), (coin is preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 78 West Adelaide St., Toronto.
Ready for Summer! Styles for all occasions, for everybody, old and young, slim and stout, vacationer and stay at home. They’re all included in our new full-color Summer Fashion your ropy to-day! just 15 cents.
tarn*
rarsrttiy


Hire
ISSSSStir
Trooper Callahan, eyeing Mr. McFee evenly, "that 1 can catch more •f these chickens than you can "
You A Dollar
State Trooper McFee looked at him pityingly, then with mounting His states as a chicken
Impugned. And
"I'll bet you a dollar.

%
swung on the occupants of the


Ford
s also


Ready-mixed
dough

Issue No. 24
'39
Book. Order The price is

B
6
anger
catch<
Troop
Stat

had beer





I







###PAGE###7###
V


A House Should Look Like Home
Don’t Plead Too Hard For Work
Where The Ill-Fated British Submarine Sank
VOICE
of the
PRESS
NEWS
Architect Jay: That b The Prime Requisite la House Building—Have It "Clow to
Ground”
PARADE
Prof
Graduating Student» Urg
z
FORECASTS There’s that election sgain. We’re talking about it a little prematurely perhaps, but aow that the King and Queen are m their way back to England, the prospect of an autumn trip to the polls la No. 1 topic of conversation in Canadian politics.
We believe in getting our guess hi early, too ... on whst the House of Commons is going to look like after the battle. It's our opinion that the Government will have lost a number of seats to the Conservatives (in Ontario chiefly); that the Left-Wing group of C.C.F., Socred, Armer-Labor, etc., will be there in larger numbers— the West may never again vote, enthusiastically for Liberals • or Conservatives—to hold a very effective balance of power between the two old-line parties. We can see both Liberals and Conservatives toadying to the Left-Wingers in order to gain their voting support in the House. Or are we crazy?
William C. Ludlow, veteran architect and chairman of the committee on public Information of the American Institute of Architects, explained what, In his opinion, constituted a good-looking house. He
said:/	A J &K _
"First of all, a home must look
like a home, and I mean, of course, It must look like a home to the average man. If It is a rectangular box, with a flat roof and plain wall surfaces, It reminds the average of a factory, a building where
"Don't take rudeneae from say one," Mrs. Alys Dwyer Vergara, associate professor of speech, at the College of New Rochelle, N. Y., advised the graduating class on Job hunting.
The most difficult thing to get accustomed to after you leave college," she said, "la the different attitude people have toward you. On campus every one is Interested In your welfare; In business, nobody cares whether you make good
or not.

THE MORNING AFTER
What we are afraid of now is that after the King and Queen have gone our Canadian problems going to look dingier than Toronto Saturday Night.

t a
V'
are
VS
%
ever.
FROSTY OUTLOOK
A local political argument ended abruptly when a Tory asked a Liberal what was going to happen in September or November. "It's going to snow," replied the Grit. —Kitchener Record.



man	,p—¦¦¦¦¦¦
economy la the first consideration, a place where the occupants stay as abort a time as possible, and gladly leave when the whistle
blows.
You’ll Be Beaten Down "With this In mind, I caution you, don’t plead for work and don’t take rudeness from any one. If you too docile you'll be beaten down In salary, your talents will be questioned and If you are hired at all, It will be for pity rather than ability.’'


PICNIC INDISPENSABLE With the picnic season approaching rapidly, it is interesting to note that some natives in Borneo red ants for seasoning pur-Over here they're often
Thomas
m

are
Muet Be A Good Neighbor "Second In Importance perhaps to good value, a house must be appropriate In appearance to its environment; It must be a good neighbor to the other houses of Its community, and look suitable to the climate. A modernistic or Medlter-house la Just ss much out


4%.

use
poses.
used unknowingly.—St. Times-Journal.


How Can I?
GIVE IT PATRONAGE
Residents of a Western Ontario district are said to have experienced "tugging at the heartstrings" when their branch railway line was closed. That might have been prevented if the people In question had had enough foresight to give the line decent pat-
Brockville Recorder and
ranean
of the place on Cape Cod as a Cape Cod or Colonial house Is In Miami
or T*s Angeles.
"A third requirement for the . good looking house is thst It shall fit Its site; a tall house #n a knoll la Just as bad aa a squatty house In a hollow. For homelike feeling, most houses should be as ‘close to the ground' as possible.”
BV ANNE ASHLEY
With a buoy in the foreground marking the exact spot where the British submarine, Thetis, lies under 130 feet of water, the naval air compressor ship, Camel, is shown lashed to the salvage tu% from which divers went down to determine what best methods to use m a new attempt to raise the ill-fated submarine. All hope of saving any of the 99 Posons trapped aboard the Thetis was abandoned when experts declared that chlorine and carbon monoxide gases must long since have killed all on
board.
TOPS TODAY: The French General Staff have been heard in recent weeks to brag that the Army of the Republic is now at its greatest efficiency since Napoleon, could tick the Germany Army with one hand tied behind its back.
Major George Fielding Eliot, American military expert, agrees. Baya he: "It is the French army, met the German which is pre-eminent in Europe today. This remain# # towering fact. But," he warns, "with every year that passée, the conditions are likely to niter in favor of Germany, as her military machine improves, enlarges, gains experience and train-
Q.—How can I make a loose nail firm in a plastered wall?
A.—Saturate a small piece ef wadding with glue; wrap as much possible around the nail and reinsert into the hole, pressing in firmly. Remove the exceu glue with a wet cloth. When dry the nail will be rigid. Any loose chunk of plaster can be fastened in place with the glue.
Q.—How can I freshen rancid butter? .
A.—It can be freshened if brok-up and put into fresh milk. Allow it to-absorb the milk, drain thoroughly, then wash in cold salted water and work it again into
the desired form.
Q.—How can I bleach a faded
wash dress entirely white?
A.—Boil the drees in two gallon» of water, in which has been dissolved a half cup of cream of tartar.
Q.—How can I remove tobacco ¦tains from ash trays of brass, nickel, or antimony?
A.—They can be cleaned by applying denatured alcohol with an old toothbrush and then washing in hot vinegar and salt.
Q.—How can I treat perspiring
ronage.
Times.
live Graciously I	....
Wrifov Arlvitfc thought of in term, of the human
Yv allCi	low;» g*## god human suffering involved.
o
NTARIO
UTDOORS
r >,

That is natural enough, and right enough, for they are the first considération. But there is another aide to it, and one not usually so easily grasped. That is the tremendous economic loss involved. More than 100,000 people are killed, and 376,000 crippled for life every year, and the annual economic loss is not less than three billion dollars, according to D. D. Fennell, president of the National Safety Council of the United Regina Leader-Post.
Especially In Tiroes of Crisis— Don’t Fall Below Standard of Mother’s Hospitality, Bride Broder Asks
By VIC BAKER
• n
1
A NEW FLY DOPE
The time it drawing near when black flies, mosquitoes and other insects will sgain plague the quiet and peace of the angler while he peacefully enjoys his early summer fishing. But it may be a consolation to some to know that, at last, a powerful and effective lotion ham been invented which will forever protect the fisherman from his annual trials and tribulations.
The new lotion, which repels the mosquitoes, black flies and other insects and at the same time has a pleasant odour, is the latest discovery of a group of scientists that working In colfaboration with Industrial company. The work the part of the research specialists wa| not any too pleasant according to reports. They spent a great many hours In mosquito-infested swamps, trying many varieties of existing Insect repellents and many new formulae. They finally discovered that. In every case. It wasn't the smell which kept the mosquitoes and black flies from biting. They finally invented a new formula and when they used It cm their arms and face. It kept the in-
Drip-Cut
SYS UP
lag."
Okk
Bride Broder (Miss Mary White), Toronto woman Journalist, speaking at Plcton last month, asserted that it was in times of peace that it was essential that people live graciously. *By gracious living, the popular columnist explained, she meant "living simply, unhurriedly, calm, hospitable snd without ostentatious display.'*
"That we have fallen far below the standard of hospitality of our mothers and grandmothers," was the opinion of Bride Broder. She attributed the so-called depravity among the younger generation to mothers who did not have the time to make a .proper home for their children.
Deplores Hurried Atmosphere •‘Waste is the opposite to gracious living, as opposite as the poles. There cannot be gracious living in a hurried atmosphere," she said, and quoted Earl Baldwin of Bewd-ley who, while in Toronto, charged that "acceleration today Is tak-the manifestation of civil-
POST-CONFESSIONALi When Colonel T. E. Lawrence’s "Seven Pillars of Wisdom" was published, the world thought that in it, the great British leader of the Arabs (during: the Greet War) had made hie last confessions. Now new Hght is being thrown on the mystery-hero’s actions aftei the War with the publication of a chapter previously omitted from the book. lUa chapter reveals that the Col-dael knew all along that the Arabs old be double-crosseu by Britain. The Colonel had consistently refused money and decorations from the British Government, reputedly as a protest against Britain's welching on territorial promises made to buy up the Arabs for the Allies.
JUG
rsepwil
Click
At Big Saving
States.
A^eœooih alumin
ft's closed i
%
Immigration To Dominion On Upswing
dfip. If is a grand img
tout 9-lb. Bc< Hive
am & a
90c) for the 12-oa. tarn
£S2££
Et%E
eue sells retail st |S» Mail reqaests to the ¦aeafaciBier—the
are
feet?
A.—Shake tome boracic acid into the stockings each morning, and this will not only act a# a deodorant but gives the feet comfort.
an
Per Cent Higher Last Nova Scotia Wage Stu-Year, With Increase In
Ni
on
Sight
Escaping from the zoo in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, a leopard ate a lamb, a cat and a few chickens before being shot
(2ediwe&i>uip-
Canadian immigration is on the upswing after striking Its lowest known, a report released by the Department of Immigration re-
?sals.
An increase of nine per cent for Ik# fiscal year ended last March was noted in the report. Last year 17,128 Immigrants arrived in the Dominion compared with 16,648 for Ik# year previous. British immigrants totalled 3,876, United States g ggg and from other countries, I,-
728, It aald.
Refugees Now Coming in The figures will be considerably higher for the coming year It was understood, due to an Influx of German refugees from Czeeho Slovakia. The first of these arrived recently and It la expected when the migration la complete nearly
On Stomachs	T-CL"'" "
THE WEEK'S QUESTION; Why llllllllllllllHitler mad when the story was recently circulated that three new typewriters had been delivered to hie Berlin office? Answer: The Fuehrer’s eyesight is giving him suck a deal of trouble his
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
en as ¦Bpp—
isation.” Bride Broder frankly added that hurry was a manifestation of empty-headedneis, and showed a disordered mind and nature.
Gracious living Included the elements of living one’s dally life as If visitors were always present. When visitors did arrive there was bo ' need of rush and confusion. Gracious living Is simple living and not trying "to live up to the Joneses.”
sects away.
To this formula, a pleasant perfume was added. Further testa then proved the new lotion to be absolutely harmless for even the most tender skin. So It seems that this summer Canadians enjoying their favourite sport on rivers, lakes and
successfully fight off
secretaries have to type hie
speeches on machines that have extra-large sized letters. Hitler refuses to appear in public with glasses and can’t read ordinary printed matter without them.
<ÎX;ÔAY
BICYCLE
RACE*.
«r- G
streams can pBUmPHMiP biting insects without having to lotion with a strong unpleas-

National Forestry Program's Started
o
usei,a
ant odour and without fear of e\en harming the most sensitive skin.
And THAT is ggggg ¦¦
HERE’S MORE DOPE
One of our druggist friends, a dabbler In chemicals and
Armies March
i news!
inn
e • #
% «
¦«V.
Enrolment In the National Forestry Program la now under way. according to the Dominion Forest Service of the Department of Mines and Resources, Ottawa. Selection ef youths la being made from applicants who are between the ages of eighteen and twenty-five, resl-dents of cities, towns or villages, and who are certified by a municipal or relief authority as being unemployed and in necessitous circumstances.	5$ > r
mmm\m . phl . -
anxious to help fellow anglers, has also claimed the following to be the "real stiff":
Oil of cltronella — 1 ounce ^ Camphorated oil — 1*3 ox
Oil of tar	¦
Oil pennyroyal — one dra.
Cam tor oil This will make a package easy to be obtained at any drug-

Vitamins may decide the outcome of the next war, according to Dr. Harold J. Jeghers, assistant professor at Boston University school of medicine.
And he believes that the democracies hold the advantage In this
WATCH
the Specials
13 ounce
H?
W
« .
four oms.

respect.
Dr. Jeghers said that nightblindness, caused by Vitamin A. deficiency, prevented thousands ef German soldiers from fighting In the trenches at night during the World War.
Among many other conditions possible from vitamin deficiencies are akin diseases, exopthalmla, Infections, rickets, scurvy, pellagra, beriberi, excessive bleeding, osteomalacia, nervous disorders and
V
m
carry, can etore, stays on longer and Is easier
to wash off. And ’ they" don't like
Y»u can depend on the special sales Ike merchants ef
la the
Thousands Enrolled Between 800 and 1,000 youths will be given training In camps under the control of the Dominion and another 8,000 will be enrolled In provincial projects.
' Dominion operations will be carried out In the following forest experiment etntions: Acadia in New Brunswick; Valcartier In.Quebec; Petawawa la Ontario, and Kanan-
&
town announce
It!
A
columns of this paper. They


money saving to ear
It is said that all the Roosevelts, F. D. R. is proudest of, fa young John for the way he's kept plugging away in that Boston store and avoiding headlines. And the family thinks John is more like bia mother than any of the other
children.

readers. It always pays ta
patronise	JHH
who advertise. 1 heiy are
afraid af their mar-
fk

rchants
the
i •

* *
x
«
..mu
ask is le Alberta.
By J. MILLAR WATT
end Warden» m Include construc-
lines.
SX
POP—The Answer
The
tien of lookout
/

required 1er development.
SOUGHT THEM A SILVER BLflTER DISH p©R THEIR WEDDING PRESENT
VMAT SHALL I PUT
ON THE CARD?
I
iajrest protect lea
A number of the
be detailed as sas g _ J
era and park wardens. Other es of work will Include the treatment of timber stands to increase growth. Improve timber quality and favour species of high commercial value by thinnings, release cut» Hags, red similar operations. Attention will be paid to forest recreational developments by the provip-of facilities for ?ourlst campsites, fire-places and wells. Pro-Is at jo being made for the
l
- 2 ? W ORSE J
TER - 1
pi
J .1
: >
>%¦
*>
» •

U
y
i
y

^ _

to *M fUlrln* facta to aielit wild lit.
6-1


s. m»
i
Mon.
###PAGE###8###
V

Ft '*¦«

Look Here
tin* |M't three years was in his
lie was a Mill of Ml*.
Zutiijue LifitMiv, of
ti
i »Ju«t y vat. and Min.
Lam rat 1' O., Que.
Left tn mourn besides hi* parents (late ix brothers, Oswald, Htftftld, lien.. Mat il, .John at home; Charles I at Kn)mska»ing ; four -i-tei-s Mi-1t\ Lre-tley, Otter Lake ;
Hanford Lake;
Vinton, Miss
j Shawville Beauty
Shoppe
Fur Salr, Wants, Found i	Lost clc.
FOR $ A LE—One Trleyclv for Mile I* gooil comlitlon, Apply to 1\0 Box i'honv IH, Shawville, Que.	y
PEDLAR’S
Mt *. A Mis. A Eileen, at

u
Ma yet. Leroux home.
FOR SALE—One McCormick Manure
Apply to
Metal Roofing
and Siding
Spreader In good condition.
Harvey Prow.ni.ke, R. It. No. if, Shaw* ville* Que. Phone ZU ifd.
N
Tobias Stnftoid, of Vintou, Dies Aged 71 Years
Till tit<» to tliv in* mwy i*f Mr pc Tobi is S.ilVtotii at his fmiet aVheld I I'muii Ins la te re-idenc«\ Vinton, Quebec, In St. Kliz ibelli *lv Frank ! tovMi Ü V. Church, on T ic-day »>i l.i-t week. Very How J. Kimpton,
I* I* . celebrated -oleum hkh mn-s. |
Mr. Stafford was born in Vinton | k 71 yeai s ag<» and lias been a rc-i * tient of that di-trict all his life lb* was ;i M»n of the late Mr. and ÂIis. T* bias StalVonl. Many Moial uml -piritil'll *>ITei ings were received by tiie bereaved Family.
Intel ment was in the family plot at Vinton cemetery.
Surviving ate three daughters,
Mi--e- Hi iget and Annie Stafford, at home ; Mis. Gerald Belanger, of Campbell’s Bay ; three sons, Jas , Andrew and Patrick, all at home Hi* wife predcvei>vd him two years ago.
1 Permanent Waves from
$1.00 to $7.60
FOB SALR-liRU For,I Truck, «lump
Apply to Roy Km.ioit. H. -, Slmwvlllti, Phone n—'ill.

in<l Make hndl,*M.
il

4K
Barn and Stable Equipment
BOOM TO LET—A nice bright sunny room to let , Alert nil kinds of sewing done nt rvn none hie pi 1res. Apply to Xian. Jak.Ali.kn, Centre St., Shawvllle.

Finger Waves, 25 cents
FOB SALE—One Bang" for wood or coni ; one three-burner Coal-oil Store; one DhIsv Churn ; one Cronin Separator ; also n number of Barred Beck Coekvrel*
t<l B. VV. IIoihiinh,
ROOFING
25 cents
Shampoo,
mix week**old. Apply 81m w ville.	*'
¦ 9
ft
-S'
We handle everything in these lines
Roofing- Carried in Stock
Vj
COTTAGE FOR RENT - Cottage nt Sand Bay for rent «Hiring July and i August. Apply to J. A. Alexander, :tOS Hell Street, Ottawa.
Open from
Tuesdays and Saturdays 9.00 a.m. to 11.00 p.m.
9.00 a.m. to 7.00 p.m.
DEAN BROS.
Sbawville Pentecostal
Assembly
Miss Vera Klatt
Stark's Corners,
Sbawville R. R. No. 2.
Quebec
Phone 9-19
\
A Water Baptismal Service will he held lit the Qtiyon Hiver,
I (Hai t i*' Bridge) on Sunday afternoon, July 2nd, at two o'clock. This will he a union service of the Pentecostal Assemblies when pastors and members from Portage du Port. Stalk's (Vonet**, Pistol Ridge, Caldwell and Sliawville'will take part.
It i* expected that many new converts will fulfill this lovely ordinance which we believe to he in obedience to tlm command and example of" our Lord Jesus Christ.
Additional announcements will be made mid further information
may he obtained at your own
Assembly,	gr
Geo. E Deans, Pastor.

i
Sbawville,
PHONE 66-w
Quebec
MARRIED
=X
A N PER Si >N — BaMFORI)
The Pi e*byterian manse Fort Coulonge wa* the scene of a quiet but pretty wedding on June 7th, when Agues Lillian, daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Bam ford, of Fort Coulonge, Que became the bride of Milton Daniel Anderson, Fnn of Mrs. John Ander-' -on and the late Mr. Anderson, of Fort Coulonge. Rev. 11 F Daim I pei foi med the ceremony.
The bride was attired in a floor-length gown of white satin and lave, fa-hioned on Pi nues* line* with high neckline, flared skirt and long fitted sleeve*. She wore a white turban hat with shoulder length veil.
gloves completed her cost nine She i anied an arm bouquet of Talisman roses and lily of the valley.
Mi-» Muriel Smith, cou-in of the briile, acted a* bridesmaid. Her dre** wa* a floor-length model of hyacinthe rose chiffon over a t $lïeta -lip with matching bolero She also wore a white turban hat and veil, w hite shoes and gloves She earned an aim bouquet of lb i u clitle rose* and lily of the-
x alley.
Archibald Anderson,ot Malaitic. Que., wa* best min and the wedding music was played by Mrs Logie Phillip.
Following the ceremony, the happy couple left on a honeymoon trip to Ottawa and Montreal. 'On their i etui n they were guest* at a dinner served to the immediate i datives at the bridegroom'* home, followed by a reception.
friend* and a delightful evening was spent. Mi-* Drummond wa* presented with a lovely bouquet of lilies of the valley. Delicious refreshments were served by the hostess and friend-.
Miss Drummond wa- similarly honoured at a miscellaneous shower tendered by the young people of Bethel Chmell at tlie home of Mrs. Gordon Selkirk, Irving Ave.
Miss Drummond Honoured
Before leaving Ottawa, pi ior to hoi marriage, a number of f riends gathered at the home of Mrs. Geo. Sloan, to honor the bride elect. Miss Olive M Drummond with a kitchen -bower. Many useful and lovely gifts were received.
Although taken hy surprise the guest of honor kindly thanked her
Work Slothing
• i
F™^r
Extra Hard Wearing
Work Boots, full grain leather, now at

l
Sales Leader..
Performance Leader
Value Leader-
$2.95
_ \

White shoes ami
!
/
/
Work Shirts, in blue Chambrav, which you will
S» 9	V
find very satisfactory.. .75c
\
'


t
\
)
Overalls, good quality blue denim
M
$1.50

Grey Drill
Work Trousers
Well made and roomy Special at
Straw Hats,
bargain at .
15c
• •
$1.50

#
Tà
Uorris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Horseshoe for Luck
i One day the devil, who had heard of St. Dunstan’s skill at shoeing horses, appeared and asked him to shoe his “single hoof." Recognizing his customer, the Saint agreed and after tying him up securely caused him so much pain that the devil roared for mercy. St. Dunstan refused to release him until the devil promised never to enter a building where a horseshoe was nailed up. So today we hang up a horseshoe served by *or luck—taking care to put the lio-tess and % social hour enjoyed, points upwards lest luck run out at
'the opening, says London Tit-Bits magazine. Horseshoes were long considered a protection against witches, and lucky was the man or woman who in the course of h:s daily round picked up such a charm. The early Christians used to nail li**Icl the shoe sideways, adding to its powers of luck the significance of the sacred letter “C."
/
Mr Langford Strutt Fractures Leg
ulmit Refugee» , -ome considéra
rimi» and argument* mi bin it ted
......	. .	...	, for the consideration of the people
XV hilt- repairing a «mall dam on by the	National Cora-
the creek .it In-* tariu, about a mittee on Refugees, unie ami a halt northwest <>t the Interesting facts were related of village on Monday morning, Mr. some old time shill iu Bristol Langtord btrutt slnmed off a wet township. The mil call was relog and fractured Ins right leg ,p„u,led to by, -Jews or not a* near the hip. He was working immigrant?.”
. « .	J.	Kef re-ii ment* were
I he accident occurred about ten
o’clock but was not discovered j
until about one o'clock when Mr*. ; _	Æ e „
Strutt became alarmed when lier Funeral of T. A. Somerville, husband had not returned home Kamloops, B. C. for the dinner hour, and die sent
hr daughter and nephew, Mr. Kail way men from both Tran*
Hiram Strutt, to the farm to in- continental line» and a large ntuir
b i of friends of the deceis« d it tended the funeral -n vice» l_ „ „ on Sunday, June 4th, in McDier »on * Funeral Chap h K unloop».
. in memory of flioma» A1
veteran loco
! motive engineer who «lied in	Having Faith
Smithet* Hospital, \\ * due-day. If man has in all ages had enough May ol-t, from injtuie* leveivvd to encounter, there has, in most civi when he wa* »truck by a moving | ilized ages, been an inward force flatcar. Rev. Malcolm S. Black- vouchsafed him, whereby the pres-bind, of St. Andrew * lYt sbyterian sure of things outward might be
f Iplf 1| ###:% WÊÊÊ1
able for »uch an event, a goodly Me.' xiie flower banked ca»ket back SaI;C° Wlth bearing, but the number u*ed the opportunity to *V||JI borne to the hear*e by brother heart within him was peaceable and enjoy a meal under the maple*, engineinen and the floral wreath» resolved . . . Faith gave him an in-( >ther* however, who de*ired to	and sprays, numbering over sixty,	ward willingness;	a world	of
be under cover, found table* »et	atte*ted to the high c-tecm in	strength wherewith	to confront a
up in the rectory tor their accom wliicli the deceased wa* held • world of difficulty. The true wretch-mod at ion.	Chief mourners were the widow, edness is here; that the difficulty reA program under the direction	Hie former Daisy Dale; small	main and the strength be lost;	that
of Mrs. v. r.L rowles, followed	daughter and six brothers, namely	we have the labor	and want	the
the Slipper. Those assisting m the Hnrry, Fred and Clifford, of Win willingness.-Carlyle. entertainment .included, Misses ^ipeg ; Lee, of Sioux Lookout.
Dorothy Ï mi son, Lucille Brough, Diit., and Harvey and Colin, of iya Cowan, Claire Ren nick. Betty Detroit, Mich , V.S.A.
Nurse, Marjorie Smart, Eleanor The ,ate Mr. Somerville was Tnrneff, \ic Swartz and Dom fo(),.n in Clarendon, a son of the Smyth, also Messrs. Lindsay Judd. ,ate Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Somerville.
George and Ted Reid
Elmside Women's Institute
!

/
4
r
/
3,
V



¦
v.'XvAV.yy
Z




^. ¦

»v
V:
i
<y

I


ve*tigate.
Following the accident Mr.
Strutt had managed to crawl ac the dam to dry ground where hi* daughter and nephew fourni B. < liiin. They manag'd to get him fred Somerville, 11. into the car and to hi* liomi where he wa* attended by Dr. S E. McDowell.






li
toss
m
i

i
Lawn Social Held at Rectory
a#S
w
Illustrated—Chevrolet Hatter Deluxe Sedan with trunk.
just cs it’s first in acceleration . . . first
in all-round value!
Of course, it’s the sales leader! Of course, the demand is steadily increasing ! Because people everywhere definitely know that Chevrolet is the style leader—the performance leader—the value leader among all cars in its price range !
They know it s the style leader because it's the only low-priced caçjyith th* enviable beauty and luxury ?bloody by Fisher! They know it's the performance leader because they've watched it out-accelerate, out-climb and out perform all other low-prired cars ! And they know it's the value leaded because comparison proves it’s the only low-priced car combining "all that's best at lowest cost!"
Visit our showrooms today. See, drive and buy the car that's first in sales and first
in value—a new 1939 Chevrolet I
It’s first in sales .
in hill-climbing * . . first
NO OTHER CAR COMBINES ALL THESE
FAMOUS FEATURES:
1.	EXCLUSIVE STEERING-COLUMN GEARSHIFT WITH “VACUUM ASSIST” lovoiloble on ail models at only $13 extra).
2.	NEW AERO-STREAM STYLING, NEW BODIES BY FISHER.
3.	85 HORSEPOWER VALVE IN HEAD SIX. 4. PERFECTED (QUADRO ACTION) HYDRAULIC BRAKES. 5. NEW “OBSERVATION CAR” VISIBILITY. 6. ADVANCED KNEE-ACTION RIDING SYSTEM WITH SHOCKPROOF, DUAL CROSS STEERING (available on Master Deluxe models only.) 7. REINFORCED ALL-STEEL TURRET TOP BODY BY FISHER. S. FRONT END STABILIZER. ». FISHER NO-DRAFT VENTILATION.
10.	EMERGENCY BRAKE MOUNTED UNDER DASH AT LEFT.
11.	SYNCRO-MESH TRANSMISSION. 12. TIPTOE-MAT 1C CLUTCH. 13. EXCLUSIVE BOX GIRDER CHASSIS FRAME. 14. HYPO ID-GEAR REAR AXLE. IB. DELCO-REMY STARTING, LIGHTING, IGNITION ... ond scores of other important features.
Low monthly payments on the General Motors Instalment Mon.

Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
His widow whs a daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. Edward Dale, of Clarendon, latterly of Haley * Station, Ont.
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
A well attended meeting of the
Elmside Women’s Institute was|Ear, E Lafleur of Otter Lake held at the home of Mrs. Leonard Dles Alter Lengthy Illness Angus on Wednesday afternoon. , ]y tended. the fimer*| „f
XT3U w...........
c-im
John L. Hodgkins
Sbawville
Quebec
BUY FROM A BUSINESS LEADER ... YOUR CHEVROLET DEALER
SHAWVILLE - QUE


/
!L

f
t*
'
" «
w
k


Lc#

&*¦¦¦

»

