###PAGE###1###

No ô, 57th Yeak
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE;, THURSDAY*,
J U IA' 20, 1939
fi.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United State»
I
Bristol Bnny Bees Institute will meet ut tbe hopie of Mis® B. Arm Mtrong oil Friday afternoon, July 21 »t, at 2 80 o'clock. Program— “Paper on Immigration ’ by Mrs, Geo. Drummond, Jr. iRull Call— Bing, Say or Pay.
GEORGES CARON IGOWLING
BUSINESS COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Entertains Relatives
A very enjoyable evening was spent at the home of Mr. and Mr*. Halbert Armstrong, on Tuesday of last week, when they entertained about 35 of their relatives in honor of her uncles and aunt. Mi. Richard F. Brownlee, of Red Willow, Alta , and Mr. and Mrs. I). H. Brownlee,, of Englehnrt, Ont,, who have been visiting here for the past two weeks.
I. C. L.
Advocate, Barrister
At Campbell's Bay Friday, Saturday and Monday
m. a
Shawville Hardware
Seasonable
Requirements
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school ha® removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario school with
reputation. Open all year
Memorial Service Sunday, Jnly 30
The annual Memorial Service of the community is to be held in the Anglican and United cemeteries on Sunday afternoon, July 90tli. Worship service is being arranged nnd the Hands of the district camping at Green Lake are to furnish a program of music and lead the singing. An offering will be taken In behalf of the cemetery renovation fund.
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
Attend h h n established
f
SHAWVILLE - QUE
Many Attend County Orange Celebration
BORN
W. I. COWLING, President
Fishing Tackle Fly Repellents
Screen Doors, Window Screens Spring Hinges, Calv’d ScreenlWire Carden Spades, Shovels, Hoes, Forks Lawn Mowers, Crass Shears, Broom Rakes
N. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
A very large crowd attended the Pier< E—At the Poictipine Gener Annual County Orange Célébra- Hl Hospital on Saturday, July
tloDHt Workmens Grove, Char- 15th. to Mr. and Mrs Cyril. - .	. t.„ ,
terl«. on Wednesdiy la-t.-the Pierce, (nee Dorothy Farrell). of JAMES A.^MILLAR
Glorious 12th	South Porcupine, a eon-Donald1
Ideal weather prevailed for the Cyril, occasion. Ever lodge in the County was represented and a «tumbled on the grounds at an early hour. The customary “walk" took, place at
!..30 o’clock and the the parade of I	Mac kay — Kinmonii
15 lodges was headed by Shaw ville I Mr. and Mrs. Ell wood C. Mackay,
Boya* Band under the direction of of Phillip’s Lake, Que , announce Mr. W. Ormiston.	the fengagenient of their eldest
Doling the afternoon addresses daughter. Clarissa Edna Mackay, on the principles of the order were of Toronto, to Mr. William Kin-delivered by the Grand Chaplain moud, son of Mr. and Mrs J. M. for Quebec Rev. L Enmid, Pan- Kinmond, of Uxbridge. Ontario, tor of Otter Lake Baptist Church ; The marriage will take place in Rev. A. F. Pokes, Pastor of Shaxv-1 September at Toronto, ville United Church, and Mr. R. P.
Rades, of Shawville. The Boys’
during the pi ogra m.	I Mr. and Mrs. Alex Davis, of I SH AW VILLE • QUE.
Meals were served on the grounds Qnyon, Que announce the en- Oefi< k- In theO. F. Horigin# Building
I kTol*5,i smras ssrKM sta
home of hie	_?«hiîd ! The team- were as follows :	I early in August
strong Sales, pastor ot St. An drew s United .Church, Bristol. _ _
Mr. Wm Barber Celebrates 77th Birthday
B. A
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129MainSt.,
At Pontiac House, Shawvillc, every Wednesday afternoon.
AI Moyle's Hotel, Campbell's Bay, every Wednesday morning.
• e
ENGAGEMENT
Mr. Wm Barber, life long resident of Clarendon, celebrated bis
77th birthday on Sunday last, July 16th, when a birthday dinner served at the boiue of hie
7 (Harris, of Six of his eight
Hull,Que-
was_______ .	_
daughter, Mrs. Thos Stark’s Corners.	.
children and twenty-four grand, children were present to extend birthday greetings.
HARLAND 0. ROW AT
Wyman Man Killed in Northern Ontario Mine
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Davis—Horner
While working in the Ilitch Gold Mines, near Beard more, in Northwestern Ontario, Gordon Henderson Lucas, 23 year-old son at Mr and Mrs. man, H
Main Street, Que
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc,
: Campbell’s Bay, Que In Lawn Block)
OrricB
Ladies’ Cool Togs
Sportwear
on
MARRIED
inson 3b, If. Frost If, S. Moorhead
James, of Dnpirqtiet, Que., and	sou ot Dr m ni Mrs. Armstrong, of
Earl and Clifford at home.	Winners in the field sports were: Outrera out, Quebec, took place
16 lb Shot Put. open—Jas. Hannon, quietly on June 80th, at Christ Lindsay Tugman, Jack Barr.	Church Cathedral, Montreal, the
Æas»”-1! op SMttwSiirss : " "P.—
pected citizens on Saturday 1 ;llmcr\	Mr9* William Smart
night, July 15th, when Mr. John Throwing 60 lb weight, open—Lindsay Dies in Her 95th Year Horner, passed away at his home Tugman, Norval Kilgour, Jack Barr.	—
in Radford section, following a Girls’ Race— Lillian Howard, Jean The death occurred on Tuesday, short illness.	Clarke, Helen Howard.	July 11th, at the old homestead,
Mr. Horner was in his 8otb year	Boys’ Race—G. Howard,	T.	Mooie,	Stark’s Corners section, of Mrs.
and was a son of the late Mr. and	B. McDowell.	Win Smart, in her 95th year. - She
Mrs. Wm. Horner, pioneer settlers	200 Yard Dash—Donald	McDowell,	was the oldest pioneer settler of
ot Radford section, where he spent Gilbert Emard, Fred Rose, T. Moore. that district.
!'i!,ï:ïïï3Cs?;i b ‘ffi.ïsrE "»*A- ^
wi-"	Srs,oi*-L H...,*
and J. Clarke 1st, T. Howard and H. tended High School.
Howard 2nd.	Mrs. Smart was a gieat reader
Broad Jump—Donald McDowell, F. and was always iuteiested in
Church work and specialized as a Sunday School teacher.
I The family consisted of four tevested in municipal and com Wyman womens Institute sons and two daughters : A-a XV ,
mumty affaira, and was a member	....... ,. and Herbert A., of Renfrew ; Ur
of Pontiac Agricultural Society. Wyman Women s Institute held C, of Ottawa ; Wellington, on No 1. In politics Mr. Horner was 11” J nly meeting at the home of the farm; Lilly; deceased, and a conservative and in religion n Mrs. Alex Davis, when twenty five Amelia, Mrs David Russell, of member of the Methodist (now members and visitors answered Clarendon Front ; six grand United) Church.	the roll call with un impression of children, three boys and three
He was twice married, his first Royal Visit. Routine business girls, and seven great grand
wife being Elizabeth Anne Find- was discussed and the conveners children	,	^ ,
lav who died 46 years ago. Sur °* committees contributed items Service was conducted by the viv'ing this union are two sons and 0,1 *llle	Announce- llev. A. F. Pokes, assisted by Rev.
one daughter, Earl, of Shaxvville ; ment was made that the annual Emard, in the United Church. Arthur of Radford and Mrs. F provincial convention, usually held Shaw ville. The text chosen was
WWWCSsaSSSBi*& f. MSL 3
Miss Lola Mc Lei lan, R. N.. home Woodley, and a solo by Mr. Pent-on vacation from the Children's land, of Ottawa.
Hospital, Albany, NY, gave an - Interment took place in the interesting talk on a recent trip United village cemetery, the pall to Bermuda.	bearers were three grandsons and
Under the convenership of Mrs. three nephews.
H. J. Young, a programme was The floral contributions were put on with Mrs. Hudson, and the numerou® and beautiful and were Misses Hilda Young and Edith | received Irom friends in Ottawa,
Renfrew and home.
Armstrong-Gallant
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A, LL.B , C.L. Advocate, Barrister, etc
Main Street
i
Hull, Que
Phone, Sher. 1354
At Puntia House, Shawville, Que e ?ry Friday evening.
f
SLACKS
DONAT Le GUERRIER
¦ -A.. LL. ¦„
Notary Public
CAMPBELL S BAY, QUEBEC
New smart patterns, colour combinations, Navy and White Brown and Orange. Cool Comfortable wear.
Ladies’ sizes, 14 to 20 Childrens,
res
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT .. BARRISTER
$1.00
8 to 14
189 MAIN STREET
PHONE, 2—22
A
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay, every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.

on «billions	¦¦¦	¦
ojierations were extensive and the main occupation of farmers during the winter months, Mr. Horner contracted for the forwarding of supplies to the camps of the larger | u* "WO
employing many men , He was greatly in
at
SHORTS
companies, and horses
New Broadcloth Shorts. Snappy Navy and White and all White Styles, per pair
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
85 cts. and $1.00
MONTREAL, ;QUE
PLATEAU 63 8 8

Off. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL. QUE.
SPECIAL STREET FROCKS
Hie second wife was ¦ ¦¦
Caldwell, who is left to mourn with five daughters and two eons, namely, Mrs. C. N. Woodley and Mrs. Clifford Hobbs, of Shawville ;
Mrs. Frank Finuigan, of Ottawa ;
Mrs. H. Putman, of Johnstown,
N. Y , and Miss Elsie Horner, of Gloversville, N. Y , Bert C, of Shawville. and Lloyd, at home.
One brother, Henry Horner, also survives.
The esteem in which the late Mr. Horner was held was exempli fled on Tuesday afternoon by the very large number of relatives and friends attending the funeral, the cortege being one of the largest ever witnessed in this district.
Service was held in Shawville United Church and was in charge cf Rev. H G. Steers, recently ap pointed minister of Clarendon United Churches, assisted by the pastor, Rev. A. F. Fokes, who delivered the funeral address, and Rev. S. 8. Lindsay, pastor of the Shawville Standard Church. During the servjce Rev. J, Weaver, pastor of Shawville Wesleyan Methodist Churchy and Mrs. Wea 1Ut() 8
‘bsbsîssb	r T""vz «
The floral tributes, which were Quyon—L, Diotte, Manary, Coyle, Judd, El va Holmes, Noreen Shore, numerous and benutifnl, included Lepine, Boland. Derouin, Burke, Lois Gurrity, 1 e*rl Kilgour ami a blanket from ttie family.	McC’olgan and Bronson.	Myrtle Hobm.
Veils and Prints. New Floral Patterns, Paisleys, Stripes and Checks. See the new sensation.. “Gone with The^Wind"
BELAID 3 257
D. J. CAMPBELL
Pritchard, taking part.
The opportunity was taken of presenting a gift to Miss Gladys IMvis, whose marriage takes place early next month.
Tea was served by the hostess,
assisted by Mrs. Woods, Miss Mar The C.G I.T. groups of the dis-garet Amm and Miss Davis, and a triet are holding a camp for a social hour followed	week at Sand Bay in the cottage
of Mrs H. Horner. A program of worship, bible study, first aid, handicraft, singing and recreation is being enjoyed. The leaders are, Mrs. A. Draper, dean of the camp ;
During the past week Shawville Mrs L. Armstrong and Mrs. Thos. won two scheduled games, in as Shore, handicrafts ; Mrs. Reuben many starts, in the Pontiac Soft Smith, first aid and nursing ; Lor-Ball League, winning from Elm- raine Fokes, worship services ; side on the local diamond on Beth Tabor, recreation and camp Friday evening by 24 to 18. and at fires; Rev. A F Fokes, Bible Qnyon on Monday evening by study ; Helen MacLean, swimming.
Girls attendance besides those
Shirley
Horner, Chesley Horner, Bel va
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
G. G. I. T in Camp At Sand Bay
$1.49 and $1.95
PhoneSI.
Dr. R. G. DOCKS



Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New Yosk Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
PHOltS 19
At Campbell's Bay from Friday night to Monday nigh of each week.
Bathing Suits -- Head Ties -- Sport Hats
Halter Tops
Shawville Win Two Games In Soft Ball

W. A. Hodgins, Lt d
H. K. NtILSON, M.D.
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat Specialist
Shawville
Quebec
medical sere building
OTTAWA. -
PHONE, 8-7061
ONT
###PAGE###2###
Picturesque Display Will Advertise Canada At World's Poultry Congress
Says Office Calls Should Be Brief

/
"WORTH COMING DOWN TOR!"
When the seventh world’s poultry congress gets under way at Cleveland on July 28, Canada will be represented by the exhibit shown BELOW, a display prepared by the department of agriculture of the Dominion government. Also shown is F. C. Elford, who has been representing Canada in connection with the arrangements for the congress, F. C. Nunnick will be in charge of the exhibit and Hon. J. G. Gardiner, minister of agriculture for the Dominion will be one of the principal speakers on Canada Day, July 31. The congress runs until August 7.

That's One of the First Rules to Learn in Business



i

Talk about a grand, cool imokcl You can't beat fragrant Dixie Plug — and you cut each pipeful fresh when you want it.
Office calls, whether they’re for business or pleasure, should be brief, is a first rule for business offices.
If you find the person, on who* you are calling, is busy, let him finish what he’s doing.
When you converse, make your remarks brief and to the point. Do not rush through the interview as if you had to make a train, but state your case quickjy and plain-
Other don’ts for the office call-
I
i%r
m
/¦

mmmmm
or;*’*"1*

fc-ir
CANADA
mâ'
w

I

)y.





KM

PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO
. *


er:



K;
i; ' #
Don’t hesitate to shake hands. That’s an old office custom.
Don’t try to bluff your way past the reception desk. If you have a legitimate reason to get into an office you’ll be admitted. Once you’ve tried to bluff, however, you have closed the door against future calls. For receptionists, like elephants, never forget.
Hint to the man who has a woman caller: Rise when she enters the room, just as you would at home.



SO* w



111!

running through the province and only 10 per cent of the highways wore receiving this treatment.
It warn because of this constantly Increasing coat that the government has been looking toward cheaper methods of weed eradlca-
tlon and experiment hat no onatrated that chemical we-! ! killer applied by a sprayer mvihlne not only exterminate# the growth but does It at a coat repress lting m saving over the lees ef. tient practice of weed cutting.
Jem-




f/5
:

i

at. w
I
. MAHKIT1NC
VtMrtAVMù'.v. •,AX\«*2s

X"




Wsfc
X

8Rs#e»t *


1


wïwemikx
!»
*
COMPARE
Tirestone
CHAMPION TIRES
fO^ (Jaùie!'f(faux !
I I Huge New Liner
tt nat Science I Sails Next April
Eye Defects Blamed On Scenic Change»
Modern
Etiquette
is
An expert in visual diseases told his colleagues last week that “modern man is living at the end of his nos
BY ROBERTA LEE
R. M. S. Queen Elizabeth, Largest Ship Ever Constructed, Will Set Out On Her Maiden Voyage
Doing
*
*
1.	Is the host as much responsible for the entertainment of guests as the hostess?
2.	When one enters a restaurant, carrying several packages, where should these bundles be placed ?
3.	Should a woman ever wear a beautiful gown when it is not appropriate for the occasion?
4.	Should the best man and the in he is stand in the receiving line at a wedding reception?
6. What is the correct pronunciation of “negligee”?
6. Where should the napkin be laid if the first course of a dinner is placed on the table before the guests are seated?
Answer*
1. Yes. Of course his duties are entirely different, but it is just as important that he do his part in being hospitable. 2. If there is no check room, place them on a vacant chair. If the restaurant is crowded, place the packages under your chair. 3. Never; it always makes her very conspicuous, and calls forth
among her friends. 4. No; the bride and groom, maid of honor, and bridesmaids are the only ones to stand in the receiving line» 5. Pronounce neg-li-zha, e as in egg, i as in it unstressed, a as in day, principal accent on last syllable. 6. At the left of the forks.
and his eyes object."
Dr. Charles Sheard, director and professor of biophysical research at the Rochester, Minn., Mayo Foundation, told the American Academy of Optometry many eye faults were due to the movement of persons from farms into cities.
“The duties of man’s eyes thus have been increased from merely seeing a large piece of farm equipment or an animal at the end of the pasture, to seeing minute objects within arm’s length.”
LENSES FOR NEAR-BLIND
A new type of spectacle lens with a magnification of 300 per rent., brings new hope to the partly blind. Dr. William Feinbloom, of New York, said that seven chil-dred in institutions for the blind bad already been returned to public schools through use of the Jens.
Largest ship ever constructed, the R M S. Queen Elizabeth, will ¦all from Southampton April 24, of 1840, on her maiden voyage to New York, It is announced from the London offices of Cunard White Star Line.

sssa-sair
TllâS
ms
rtsfeat
>
me
Tonnage 85000
The 1,031-foot liner, of an estimated 85,000 gross tonnage, will be put into regular service between New York, Cherbourg and Southampton along with the liner Queen Mary.
At present, the Queen Mary holds all records for speedy transatlantic crossings but expected to be even greater is the speed of the Queen Elizabeth, named after and christened by Queen Elizabeth at Clydebank, Scotland, last September
The line plans to use only the two liners on the weekly run instead of the present three ships necessary to maintain the schedule.

DROTECT your life and A the lives of your family by equipping your car with a set of Champion Tires. Only in the new Firestone Champion Tires do you get all these exclusive construction features.
pr SAFETY-LOCK CORD BODY
ia 33% stronger — extra
# extra safety. An exclusive Fireetone safety
/


\ \ \ \ I
ACID CHECKS MOLD
The problem of bread mold, enhanced in the last two decades by development of the sliced, wrapped loaf and the demand for a moist
through discovery that propionic acid in salt form delays mold formation from two clays to weeks. The acid does not adversely affect the flavor or texture of She bread.

w Firestone
Weed Killer
t

Costs Little
i
1
i
loaf,
has been solved

Ontario Government Official Claims Use of Chemicals Means Big Saving
strength
I
two
\ \ \ \ x\ \ \ \ \ \ \
K NEW GUM-DIPPING PROCESS
mrt the be>t 1 have dr/vec,
WOrni Shaw, winner eif the 1V31» race at
\ \ N \ '
Dr. W. J. Stephen of the crop weeds and seeds branch of the Ontario Government, stated at Kitchener recently that the purchase of $700 chemical weed killer would definitely establish weed control in Waterloo County.
It was costing Ontario about $300,000 annually for cutting weeds along the sides of the highways
\ \ \ X X
iX X X X \
blovtauti.
Firestone
«'gainst
exclusive
feeture.
safety
JELLY, SECRET OF STRENGTH
Vibration of a protoplasmic jelly inside the “sinews” of muscles is the secret of strength.
This discovery was described to the American Association for the Advancement of Science by Dr. Eben J. Carey, a recognized authority on muscles, nerves and tones.
The protoplasmic jelly fills the thread-shaped cells that link together to form the “sinews” or bundles of muscles. This jelly vibrates to cause the well-known eontraction and expansion of muscles in action. Dr. Carey has mapped on 25,000 slices of muscles, about 1/1,000th of an inch thick.
f 2 EXTRA CORD PLIES
unkind comments
uduii'd safely
f GEAR GRIP TREAD baa thousands at sharp-edge angle* hr quick,
feature.
O
r MOVED ON THE SPEEDWAY-fnr 20 consecutive year. Fimtom Tires have been on the winning care In the annual 600-mile Jndmnwpel,,
exclusive Firestone safety feature.

Have You Heard
These «mart, new, streamlined Champion Tires will give your car an entirely maw appearance. Have the nearest Finetone Dealer put on a set today.
ITCH
For quirk relief from itchii
STOPPED
?or Money B«ck
# , e


Five Top Bands Coming To Ex.
THE ONLY TIRES MADE THAT ARE SAFETY PROVED ON THE SPEEDWAY FOR YOUR PROTECTION ON THE HIGHWAY
The teacher wrote on the blackboard: “The horse and the cow is in the stable.”
“Now,” she said to a little boy, “what is wrong with that sentence ?”
Little Boy—“I think you should say, ‘The cow and the horse is in the stable’.”
Teacher—“Why?”
Little Boy—“Ladies first.”
Five of America's foremost dance bands, "swing” and “sweet”, have been announced for the Canadian National Exhibition by General Manager El wood A. Hughes. If the dance 'ans want to "go Jittery” or If they prefer the more stately and measured tread they may make their selection between Artie Shaw, Benny Goodman, Glen Gray, Tommy Dorsey and Guy Lombardo's stage • screen radio ensembles.
Horace Heldt had been engaged, too, but Mr. Hughes released him from his contract when he later arranged a long-term lucrative engagement in Hollywood. The Exhibition promises some Innovations In the dance rivillon this year.
Classified..
Advertising
BABY CHICKS
l»KHSll!S%L
MARRY—HUNDREDS TO CKLU8E
Farm-widow; with Particulars 10c. Con-Box 128 Calgarr. AI-
DAT OLD AND STARTED CHICK ! bargains Standard Quality Leghorn Pullets 10 day old 115.90; two week old $16.90; three weeks $20.90. Barred Rock Mixed ten day old $9.45; two week old $10.45; three week old $14.45. Barred Rock Pullets 10 day old $12.46; two week old $13.45; three week old $17.45. Barred Rock Cockerels ten day old $8.75; two week old $9.75; three week old $13.76. Day Old Leghorns $6.95; Barred Rocks $7.45. New Hampshire Reds $8.25 Big Egg Quality add one cent. Extra Select add two cents. Prompt delivery. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery, Limited, Baden, Ont
from. Many with means, ere* daughters.
Property, fldeutlal. berta.
How Can I?
BV ANNE ASHLEY
FILMS DEVELOPED
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY, Inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials. Guaranteed. Advice * free. Bartlett ». Uof l. Wiuolpeg.
ONE MONTH ONLY. INTRODUC-lory offer, 8x10 enlargement, with every order. Roll developed eight prints. Reprints 10 prints. Send order, advertisement and thirty cents. Mall order department, Graphic Film Servile*. 347* Dundas St.. London. Ont. Established 1920.
r
“That fellow,” said a college professor of a certain student, “puts up a good bluff but there ie nothing to him. Open the Front door and you in hi* hack-yard '
Q.—How can I make an indelible stencil ink?
A.—Mix two parts sulphate of manganese, one part lampblack, four parts sugar (all in powder form). Then make a paste by adding a little water.
Q.—How can I keep the flavor had vitamins in vegetables?
A.—Don’t cook them in too much water. Cauliflower, cabbage, spinach, and string beans need no more than a fourth to a half cup of water to start steam-hag and releasing their juices.
Q.—What are some of the starch substitutes?
À.—Borax water in place of starch for stiffening voiles, dimity, and sheer, fine collars and jabots. Dee three tablespoonfuls of sugar &a a gallon of water for organdie, weak gum arabic solution for silk and crepe, and bran water or rice water for cretonne and figured sottons or linens.
Q.—How can I prolong the wear ef shoes?
A.—Apply several coats of copal varnish to the soles and vamps. Bboes treated in this way will seldom have to be half-soled. This b particularly good for children’s shoes that receive such hard wear.
Q.—How can I clean a white-painted article effectively?
A.—Try using water in which two or three onions have been Wiled, and see how readily the Jfrt is removed.
Q.—How can 1 fatten thin
hands?
A.—Wash the hands in hot water, dry, and rub a little olive •0 into them. Make the application before retiring so that the oil ran remain on as long as possible.
and
IF YOU WANT AN AFFECTION, ate romantic sweetheart, with money, write: Mary Lee, 4*6-0, Holla, Missouri.
FLl/MItlNV
FUR SALE
SUMMER SALE OF TWEDDLE Chicks. Grade A Leghorns $7.60; Barred Rocks $7.95; Reds, White Rocks, Hybrids $8.45. 90 per cent. Pullets Barred Rocks $10.95; Reds, White Racks, Hybrids $11.75; Leghorns $14.95; Cockerels, Leghorns $3.00. Heavy breeds $6.75. Extra Profit Grade add one cent Prompt delivery. Will ship CO D. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus, Ontario.
600 SLIGHTLY USED BATHS, Sinks, Closets, Pipes, Basil Extinguishers, also new. < Plumbing, 62 Craig West, real.
The amateur gardener was showing the beauties of his greenhouse.
“This,” he said, pointing to a flower, “belongs to the petunia family.”
“Does it?” said the sweet young thing. “I suppose you’re minding it while they’re away.”
CREPE-TEX BATHING SUITS $2, Capa 15c, postpaid. Red, White, and Canary. Send for catalogue, capes, rubber sundries Ray Bald, win. Merlin. Ontario.
Firs
oral
ont
Music Increases
Milk Production
PIANOS CHEAP
HOUNDS FOR SALE
IF ÏOU ARE INTERESTED good renewed piano at a ta .-gala price write for descriptive let* with prices, forwarded free oa request. Heintxman and C)
Yonge Street. Toronto.
4 A
CROSSBRED. FOXHOUND. BLOODhound, make best Fox, Coon, Lynx and Bear dogs.
months. $5.00; Males, $7.00.' Trained Fox and Deer Hounds, gi teed No. 1, Jack Reasbeck, kleek Hill, Ontario.
a .
Females, three
Domei, Japanese news agency, seasoned its report of events in China last week with an account of how a Japanese dairywoman increased her herd’s milk output.
Mrs Shiina”, the Domei despatch said, “has succeeded in increasing by from 10 to 20 percent, the milk given by her cows by playing to them music while milking. Japanese experts, delihted by Mrs. Shiina’# discovery, advise the 186 stock farmers in Tokyo to instal radio sets.”
END OF THE SEASON SALE OF High Quality Chicks from blood-tested breeders. Standard Quality White Leghorns 6*c; 90% Pullets lie; Barred Rocks $6.96; Pullets $9.95; Cockerels 6*c; New Hampshire Reds $7.95; Pullets $10.45; Cockerels 6*c. Large Egg Quality hatched from big eggs, add one cent Bigger Profit, add two cents. Prompt delivery. Will ship COD. Top Notch Chickerics, Guelph, Ontario.
if!
uaran-
, Van-
“Waiter, never bring me m steak like this again.”
“Why not, air?”
“V. ell, it simply isn't done.”

SALE OF MINK
MACHINERY A SHOP SUPPLIES
MINK OF HIGH GRADE QL\i-*TY. Special sale during July anj August at prices fur below r.ijlar. Every animal will be per:.mlly x selected. Orders filled as r*: lived. Write to-day, L. A. Jones, 1S> Talbot Street, St Thomas.
NEW AND REBUILT MACHINERY of every description—boilers and engines—electric	motors—mech-
anlc’e tools—belting.	Canada’s
largest machinery house. Write or call The A. R. Williams Machinery Company. Limited. 64 Front 8L, West. Toronto.

A patient, escaped from an insane asylum, was at last discovered in earnest conversation with a coloured guard at a military encampment. By means of signs behind the maniac’s back, the attendants were at last able to capture him. Then one of them happened to glance toward the guard and demanded in astonishment:
“Why, man, what’s, the matter with you? You're trembling and the sweat is pouring off your face.”
“Yassir,” gulped the negro. “Boss, after dat feller been talkin’ to me five minutes I knowed one of us was crazy, and now I’ve found out it’s him. I’se so relieved—so relieved !”
A
BUY BRAY CHICKS—THE KIND with the vitality to live well, grow fast, lay early and make fine, meaty broilers and roasters. Better order right away. Hatchery, 130 John Street North, Hamilton. Ontario.
TIRES AND MIL 11 LES FOR
V»
V
$2.00 UP, GUARANTEED Tires; Bicycles. $10.0U up. for bargain price Hat. : Tire, 196 Dundas West, Toi
SBC
frit#
nito
MEDICAL
Bray
HAY FEVER — Perthshire Medicated Snuff. Pleasant Convenient Helleve* all caaea. 60c and $1,00 else». Sole Agente U. B. Products. Importera. Box 616. Toronto.

»

USED FURMTI RE I OR 9AL3
Fiery, Itching Toes and Feel
THERE'S MONEY IN OFF-SEASON Broilers. Bray	Leghorn-Wyan-
dotte cross will do the trick for you. White feathered, quick growing. premium finish. Order well In advance. Write for prices. • Bray Hatchery, 110 John Street North, Hamilton, Ontario.__	_______
GOOD USED FURNITURE: 8 > ZCH Dining Suite $15.0U; suites $2o.oo*eeeP8P8*H| Suite $39.50; Studio Vouch- * 5.V.0# 9-piece Dining Suites, like $41.60; Breakfast Suites Hundreds of other articles, frits us for your requirements. >:mi arranged If necessary.	M:K«?rmn
Furniture Co., Limited. &•<< Jay Street, Toronto.
Cheat Cheslerflet
Mid
MUSHROOM8
:ed
$60 MONTHLY UPWARDS, GROW-lng mushrooms for us from pedigree spawn. Free spawn and nl-trogen. Information free. Service and Instruction# guaranteed to produce. Georgian Bay Co.. Box 115. Toronto.
?
DEVELOPING
Produce
Halekee antiseptic oO
Here la a
BEST RESULTS—ROLLS DBVEL-oped with hlgloe# deckled edged prints—25c. Reprints Sc. Beautiful enlargement free. Prompt service. Excel Photos, 12$S Lansdowne Ave., Toronto.	______

I
that
!
NEW FURNITURE FOR SALE
X yuu>e ever used.
USED TIRES A RETREAD» FOR
SALE
Its action is so
that the itching is
SAVE 20% OR MORE ON NEW Furniture. Our large five-floor warehouse Is stocked with complete home furnishings. By selling direct from our WAREHOUSE
. The
is tree of
EStrTltS^nCSr Ilchin^oesiS
Past—other irritating unsightly akin traehl— ^^^¦obtain Mcone's Emerald Oil ir
USED TIRES AND RET REAL 3 FUR any car or truck. 95c a-Every tire guaranteed. L gallon and up. Batteries, etc. whalers wanted. Write for fra* gain price lists. Orders Buy with confidence, from Canada's largest retreaders. kl#ertch Tire Comps n King West.
EXCHANGE OF OLD BOOKS
IN
You
Old Hen:
"I'M give you •
CORRESPONDENCE Home Study Courses bought end sold; Canada's Largest dealer; big prices paid for old books. Sen*! ten cents stamps or coin foor list Economy Distributing Company. Leamington. Ontario.
OR
I SBD
we save an average of 20% and pass this big saving on to Terms arranged. Freight Writs us to-day. Valuable premiums given for sending customers to us. McKenna Furniture Co., Limited, 52$ Bay Street, Toronto.
you. prepaid.
failure la tn> is rare -ruler,f
of the
Yeung Hen: “What is it?" Old Hem "Am egg e slay keeps the batcher away!”
Box WL llVlli
mlltcn, Onttr,..
Issue No. 28
'39
&
###PAGE###3###
*
by a dream in which he is about to walk on a stage to perform a part of which he doesn’t know a word, or to sing an operatic role without knowing a note of it.
Sir Oliver Lodge dreamt of crime plots; Osbert Sitwell, literary so-centric, dreams of Nebuchad nezzar’s palace adorned with curt-words; Herbert Palmer, poet, often dreams of the “cold drab
ness	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦	_
ley’s fessays are literal records o#
•vents seen In sleep.
Do You Dream As Famous Do?
British Concession In Tientsin
Japanese Almost Starved Out the
4M
»,

Sunday
School
Lesson
*
ir*i
; tîfe
Perhaps you have something In common with great people
* *'
#

more
than a name. Check your dreams and see. R. L. Megroz of London, England, has compiled the nocturnal flights of fancy of the great. Here are somr examples:
George Bernard Shaw told Mr. Megroz he was frequently visited

K V
1

ou»
I

h;
t

of Hell." Three of J. B. PrleeV
v:
%

LESSON 111
REHOBOAM: A MAN WHO MADE A FOOLISH CHOICE 1 Kings 12:1-20 Printed T#il, 1 Kings 12:1-5,
12-17, 20.
¦
| This Curious World

By William Ferguson
i


= i

¦*
\
A man’s pride Prov. 20:23.
A
Go.den Text, shall bring him low.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Rehoboam was born in
ssm v
BEAM
of
LIGHT
HAS
W&GHr
X

?
# i : %#»
•Tin e.
978 B.C., ascended the throne of Israel in 037 B.C., at the age of forty-one, and died in 920 B.C.
Shcchem, a city in the hill country of Ephraim between Mt. Ebal and Mt. Gorizim, and today known as the city of Nablus, Rehoboam, so far as appears, grew :o manhood as a mere hang-
the court, the center
X

V< •.
* *

•m»
*
H
-r*.

V"
ji .miijtfnti
IT:, s
Place.

M
¦, m
%


>
IMH* war	-

*



er-or, upon of a group of young men brought up with him (I Kings 12:8) and eager to flatter his foibles.
1. And Rehoboam went to Sachem: for all Israel were come to Shechem to make him king, though Rehoboam was acknowledged as the rightful successor to
a desire
\
6
r.
ID. Learn what foods are graded and what each grade represents. Do not demand the fanciest grades, the food value of the standard grades Is just the same. Buy the grade that fits the family's, needs’ and purse.
11.	Price Is not an Indication of food value. The cheapest food le often the most nourishing.
12.	Never throw away any food: (a) Use left-over cereals, vegetables and meat, in soups, stews
casserole dishes; (b) Save water In which vegetables, rice, etc., have been cooked to use In soups, stews and creamed dishes. When-posslble cook vegetables In
their Jackets.
On Marketing
Al-
Intelligence Is Not Primary
his father, there was
among the people to modify the I C.*** »@* Furl'nP character of the government. Da- | JULLC55 I €*VIV1
vid had ruled as a conqueror, and the fame and wealth and great
undertakings cf gratified the people and made them submit to many severities in his reign. Rehoboam had none of the recommendation* of his father or grandfather, and
persons in the nation availed them, selves of the solemn enthroniza-tion at Shoe hem to put forward
their desires.
The People’s Complaint
2. And it came to pass, when Jeroboam the son of Nebat heard of it (for he was yet in Egypt, whither he had fled from the pres-of king Solomon, and Jero-
How to Be Economical, Selective—Twelve Suggestions
• • •
Ability To Get Along With People It Rated as More Important, Psychologist Declares
AOQDR&MCm TO OOURTT RUUNGS. BELONS TO THE OWNER. OF '
1. Buy wisely.
I. Plan meals at least two days ahead. Check foods on hand. Make out list of tczU needed.
1, Buy foods In season.
4. Watch for sales, and specials, shop around to get the best values.
6.	Buy In bulk In as large quantities as practicable as It is usually cheaper.
C. Ready prepared foods are more expensive than home cooked.
7.	Do as much home canning and preserving as possible when fruits and vegtables are plentiful. Commercially canned vegetables are excellent In food vàlue and may be used for variety when cheaper than
fresh.
8.	Read labels on cans or packages
quality and content in them. Comparison of standard prciucts is an important item of economy.
9.	Buy by weight rather than by am or bottle. It Is cheaper to buy one large can rather than two small ones.
Solomon had
THE LAND ON WHICH THEY
ARE FOUND
Wj
25,000
TVAHdO G6RM6
The ability to get along with people is relatively more important than superior intelligence in the quest for success. Dr. Lewis M. Terman, scientific godfather to 1,400 “geniuses,” at Palo
Cal.

or
the Influential
OOULD UE
UNCROWDED, S3 DE
ever
BY SIDE, IN A ONE
Alto,
INCH SPACE.
The main determinants of sue-
intellectually gifted
wîrta & isnswunrsTAn
w^tflfh one ounce
GUIDE BOOK to GOOD VALUES
cess among	mBj
people, he told the Western Psychological Association, are social adjustment, emotional stability and “the drive to accomplish.”
Seventeen years ago Dr. Terman singled out the 1,400 youngsters from California schools because they had intelligence quotients of 140 or better, meaning they ranged from the intellectual superior
to the genius.
His current report dealt with about 600 of the boys, particularly the 167 who became the most successful and the 146 lease successful of the group.
Same Intellectual Qualities
The intellectual qualities of the least successful and most successful groups were nearly the same. However, the most successful had
salary of $210 a month
ence
boam dwelt in Egypt, 3. and they sent and called him), that Jeroboam and all the assembly of Israel came, and spake unto Rehoboam, raying, 4. Thy father made our yoke grievous: now therefore make thou the grievous service of thy father, and his heavy yoke -which he put upon us, lighter, and we will serve thee. With every new administration in government new hopes are born in the hearts of the subjects of that govern-The people’s chief griev-the forced labor to which they had bey subjected.
5. And he said unto them, Depart yet for three days, then come
And the people de-
•	When you plan • trip abroad, you can taka a guide book, and figure out exactly where you want to go, how long you can stay, and what it will cost you.
#	The advertisements in paper are really a guide book to good values. If you make a habi of reading them carefully, yon
plan your shopping trips and eavo yourself time, energy end
WELL-KNOWN STATESMAN
and determine the amount.
this
Answer t# Previous Puzzle 18 Pair.
19 To percolate.
21 He was a member of
HORIZONTAL
1,7 Pictured political figure of Canada.
13	To elude.
14	Bustle.
16 Greaser.

the
money.
House of Commons also
22 Accusations.
MAP Of

RUSSIA
ment, ance was
23 Feather 25 He recently
as leader. 27 Liquid part of fat.
29 To perch 31 To total.
33 Work of skill. 37 Sea gull.
39 To veer.
42 To prevent 44 Bitter herb.
46 Booty.
5	Advertisement 47 Ever.
6	To defy, title, 7 Prows.
prime minister 8 Nay.
9 Frost bite.
Conservative 10 Enthusiasm.
----for years. 11 Singing voice. 56 Doctor o*
medicine.
58 Measure of area.
NOTES
17	Kiln.
18	Ships’ bows.
20	To yield gold
21	To sob.
22	Fire basket. 24 Neither.
26	Affirmative vote.
27	Exclamation.
28	Ever.
RADIO
NEWS
again to me. narted.
I Kings 12:12-15.	12. So Jero-
beam and all the people came to Rehoboam the third day, as the king bade, saying. Come to me the third day. 13. And the

AND
a mean
at the age of 23 and their pay rose I to a level of $500 monthly when |. they reached 35.
The least successful were earning a mean of $96 monthly at 23, and the figure rose to $162 at the age of 35. Their mean salary never exceeded $162.
VERTICAL
1	Son god.
2	Elephant’s tusk.
_ A	3 Snug.
51 Egyptian river 4 To strikc
53	Kingdom.
54	Frosted.
55	His----
By MADGE ARCHER
43 Sound of surprise.
45 Particular.
30	Note in scale. 50 Hail!
31	Room recess.
32	Canoe.
34	Snake.
35	Japanese gateway. .
36	To excavate.
37	Stay of
proceedings
38	Subsists.
40	Compass point 59 To move
41	To sup.	steadily.
42	Form of “a.”	60 Wrenches
as with interesting (liver-
well
slons. “The Bright Ideas Club” will be conducted by Madeliene Gray, of '“Dear Teacher” fame, and will present not only Information about hobbies, handicrafts and ways to earn money, but a schedule of activities for its listeners for each day of the following week, will be invited to send in suggestions for the broadcast and the two best "Bright Ideas” each week will win awards of five dollars.
will be heard over the
NEW RADIO HEADLINES
As with stage and screen, rise of a new radio star is news. Another of Rudy Vallee’s discoveries is In the process of becoming a headliner in radio. This is Alec Templeton, the pianist and corned-, Ian who began his own programs Tuesday. July 4tb, and will be heard from now on from 9:80 to 10:00 p.m. EDST., on this day. over NBC and CBL. replacing Fibber
McGee and Molly.
Templeton Is to have grouped around him a master of ceremonies, a singer and an orchestra. But Mr. Templeton will be very much the star of the show. He is the only entertainer who has been able to fill in the odd comedy act against Charlie McCarthy on the Chase and Sanborn Hour and not sound like an anti-climax. The strength of Templeton's work lies in his smart satire, his gentle yet forceful man, and his gifts as a musician. He take off anything in terms of music and he is a master of the art
i
the
again
king answered roughly, and forsook the counsel of the old men which they had given him. and spake to them after the counsel of the young men, saying, My father made your yoke heavy, but I will add to your yoke: my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions. If Rehoboam had wished to split the kingdom, he could have found no better wedge than this blustering promise of tyranny.
15.	So the king hearkened not unto the people; for it was a thing brought about of Jehovah, that he might establish his word, which Jehovah spake by Ahijah the Shil-onitc to Jeroboam the son of Ne-
Rehobeam’s folly and arrogance worked out the ordained Judgment of God; but they folly and arrogance still.
The Kingdom Divided
16.	And when all Israel saw that the king hearkened net unto them, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in David? neither have we inheritance in the son of Jesse: to your^ents, U Israel: now see to thine own house, David. So Israel departed unto their tents. This is the hour of Israel’s tragedy. Israel and Judah now become two separate kingdom?, and are never cne again in the Old Testament. The separation lasted for two hundred and fifty-three years, until Israel’s
14.
48	Calcium.
49	Indisposed.
50	Tennis points. 52 Epocfr.
54 Fish.
Arctic Outposts Quickly Visited
Listeners
57 He was the
on
12 Transposed 15 Dower property.
Hudson’s Bay Company Gov-
Flies 5,000 Miles in
The
er nor Week
program
NBC (red) and CBC networks on Saturdays at 10:30 a m. EDST.
TO BE HEARD
July 14. CFRB, 8:00 p.m., Seven Questioners . . .9:30 p.m. CBC-CBL Ten Musical Maids . . . July 15, at 10:30 a.m.. NBC CBL “Bright Ideas
Club” ... 12:30 p.m. l Let’s Pretend ... 3 p.m.. MBS-CBL
“Blackpool" .
Radio City Music Hall .
CBS CFRB Columbia Symphony .
. CBS CFRB Hour of Musi-
I
After a flight of 5,000 miles ever Canada’s northlands in less than seven days, Patrick Ashley Cooper of London, governor of the Hudson’s Bay Company, returned to Winnipeg the last weekend in June, pany posts as far north as Akla-
vik.
3
CBS CFRB.
He inspected com-
bat.
. . July 16. 12 noon,
. 3 p.m.
were

“We covered 1,000 miles in one day and inspected nine posts,” he said. “It would have taken Sir George Simpson, the first governor, from break-up to freeze-up to have made this trip.”
Mr. Cooper is the first governor of the ancient company to visit both Eastern and Western Arctic His Eastern trip was made
ner
. . 4 p.m
cal Fun ... 6 p.m. CBS CFRB Gay
Magic Key .
Lux Radio Theatre ... at 10 p.m. CBS-CFRB Guy Lombardo . . pm. NBC-CBL Information Please
NBC CBL Alec
m
can
tm
. July 17, 8:30 p.m. NBC . . 9 p.m. CBS-CFRB,
in a serious sense.
“BRIGHT IDEAS”
Every week a new novelty pro makes its appearance on the
. 8:30
i
gram
airwaves. Certainly American networks are not afraid to try anything once. If a program is good and the public likes it, it stays on the air. If the idea is a failure and the public does not like the program, It is discarded. The latest innovation is the "Bright Ideas Club” designed to keep youngsters on vacation occupied with instructive M
44
. . . 9:30 p m.
Templeton . . . 10:30 p.m. CBC-CBL My Home Town . . . July 19, 8 p.m. NBC CBL Ransom Sherman
CBS Phil Baker ... 9 to
in 1934 aboard the S.S. Nascopie.
During the flight piloted by H. Winny, company pilot, the govern-the midnight sun at Akla-vik, sweltered in 90 degree temperatures at Fort Simpson and flew low over thick ice on Great Bear Lake.
. at
8 p.m.
10 45 CBS-CFRB Stadium Concert
CBC-CBL
or saw
...July 20, 6:45 p.m.
Paul de Marky ... 9:00 p.m. CBC-CBL Toronto Symphony.
A
kingdom fell.
17. But as for the children of Israel that dwelt in the cities of Judah, licit:boam relfened
them ü WÊfffÊtÊIÊÊÊÊ H
when all Israel heard that Jeroboam was returned, that they sent and called him unto the congregation, and made him king over all Israel: there was none that followed the house of David, but the tribe of Judah only.
By J. MILLAR WATT
u
POP—Bored of Education
V
over
20. Art it came to pass.
i
a
?
AND VHAT DO VOU CALL THE ENGLISH ROOM?
WE CALL THIS THE BOARD OF , education ;
THE
chamber of
COMMAS !
%
r
# •
u
9
i
Q

Walnut or oak furniture which has been dented will sometimes respond to the following treat-Wet a sheet of brown pa-fold it several times, place the dent, and press with a
•/
ment
over
very hot iron.
/
\
\
Dark oak can be cleaned by rubbing with cold tea, and pure linseed oil as a preservative and also brings up a good gloss when polished with furniture cream.
/
514
l»r. I
:ki. * ; l#. hr I- 11
|Ol*» •
y
a
6





1
IS




. v


lii

III1

4ft

*
u3lu»«
###PAGE###4###

VHK ¦

culvert at the foot of Todd’s hill on the Ragged Chute Hoard.
A complaint came in regarding the condition of the sideroad between Lots •20 and il, Range 2 and the aideroad between Lots 14 and 15, Range 8. It was a
notified of these complaints. >:	1	*|
Motion by Beattie Henderson, that the following bills be approved and paid :
Edwin Virie, 272 yards of gravel $27 ÎU Karl Dods, 164 u u “	1« 4«>
THE EQUITY
new
HODGTN S GARAGE
We
SHAWVILLE, JULY 20, 1939
greed that the Hoad Foreman be
Danger ot War Passed Says Quebec Cardinal
Rodrigue Cardinal Villeneuve, Arch bishop of Quebec who has just returned after seven weeks’ visit abroad, said last Friday in an interview he believed Wmt “the danger of war has passed.
He added : “A spark or an idiotic development might start war but that h only a remote possibility.”
Now Stock
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet Sales
I
S hours with tractor 12 00
1 80 4 AO 0 96
King Bug Killer Acme Bug Killer Paris Green Arsenate Of Lead
%
Arsenate Of Lime 0. 0. 0. Cattle Spray
K. W. Emerson, 8 ash poles...
K. W. Nicholson, labor on ditch Stephen Smith, spikes .......
Division No. 20 grant for bridge 27 50 J. Miller, supplies to Frank Roy 26 02 44 "	"	“ Jas. Mac-
12 01 18 03 6 30
Quebec Allows Reduced Rental On Mining Claims
donald ....................
R. Keen,	...........
A law passed during the last session q T. VauI, insurance on cottage if the Legislature gives the Minister of provjnce of Quebec, Indigents 74 79 Mines and Fisheries with the approval p j irejrtnd, 90 yards of gravel 9 00 of the Lieutenant-Governor in Council, patrick Major, 38	“ “	11	3 SO
the power to reduce from July 1st, 1939, Labor on Pontiac R. ad....... 18 75
t > 83 cents an acre the exigible r*nt tor A jeller wag	from Herridge,
the issuance and renewal of Develop- Q0Xvling, Mactavish and Watt ment Licensee ; and according to an ^lotion by Orr Henderson, that this order in council dated June 2nd, 1939, pl)ant appoint Robt Russett for the part this reduction is authorized for one i 0f t^e Township South of the Hull-y ?ar dating from July 1st, 1939.	Cbajieau road and Henry Smiley for the
To have the right to this reduction 0f t)ie Township North of the said the owner of claims or the bearer of a roa^ t0 vj8jt every home and make a license must have done, within the de- rep0rl jn writing as to the number and lay fixed by law which is \2 months 3ex 0f ap jogy that they may find with preceding the expiration uf the claims in the limits of the Municipality and license, the bona tied work required ^ey be instructed to collect the by law ; and have advised the Minister, ^0g (AXe8 where possible.—Carried, within fifteen days of the commence Qn motion of Vr Duff the meeting ment of work of the date when he will ac|journeti be on location with his workmen to carry it out.
8
Fence
Requirements
For Your
:<
\
s
Try Frost Steele and Wire Company’s Famous Tight Look Fencing
THE SHAWVILLE MILUNCICO.. RECTI-
or
It cost very little more per acre for n good fence that will hold the stock in place while you slumber. We have a good assortment at present.
H. I. Smith, Sec-Treas
Greek Letters on Brick
Near Two Centuries Old
In one of the museums of Rome there is preserved a “brick” which was discovered on the island of Sicily some years ago. This vs a very interesting brick, however, foi it is more than 1,700 years old and was made out of soft clay by brick-makers who lived during the time of the old Roman empire, relates a correspondent in the Boston Her-
Tenders Wanted
Warning to Bathers To Swim In Groups
Bloodhounds Not Bloody;
Tenders will be received by the undersigned up to six o'clock, Wednesday, July 26th, f »r the following :—
All outside woodwork, doors included, also the walls from wainscotting up ot three rooms inside of Shaw ville High School.
All outside woodwork and roof of No. 3 School.
Inside ceiling and walls of No. 7
School. .	ï
Specifications as to quality and color of paint to be seen at the Secretary’s
Office.	e	A --
Tenders for supplying and installing a Pipeless Furnace in basement of No. A
School.
Lowest or any tender not necessarily
accepted.
Are Not Attacking Dogs
ti’oodhounds aren’t bloody or at-
Warning to bathers to swim m groups j. rather than single or two together was given last week by Norman Holland, tacking dogs. They do not, contrary Vice President for public safety of the to common belief, leap upon their Provinca of Quebec Safety League, who prey and savagely tear it to pieces, expressed his dismay at the terrific Vhey hold their quarry, particuarly accident toll of a recent week eud when a man; by barking furiously. They 24 persons were drowned in Eastern seldom bite or attack him.
Canada.	They originated, so far as is
Study of this accident record shows, known, in the Ardennes of France, stated Sir. Holland, "that there were and tradition has it that St. Hubert eight double fatalities in this total, brought the breed from the south of Which is proof enough that two is not Qau] to his “Abbey of St. Hubert/* •i sufficient number for safety when :n the Andennes. There they were swimming .	known as the St. Hubert hounds and
Mr. Holland advises bathers to rather were used for hunting deer and swim in groups, or near places where fox, a use common for the breed Acre are groups of people, so that there jntil recent times, writes George will be a third person to retrieve the Berner in the Washington Post, couple in case of an emergency. He recalled that in mort cases, the person with enough courage to dive down to save a drowning companion did not possess sufficient knowledge and experience to avoid being grasped by the nervous victim and was often pulled to the bottom.
“Such accidents could be avoided with the help of a third or fourth party whose added strength would often mean the difference between life and death for the two grappling swimmers,' added Mr.
Holland who advised all swimmers to learn the elements of artificial respira-
j. h. hoik;ins
Phone 64-J.
aid
It is interesting for another reason, though, and that is for the curious letters scratched upon its surface. These were placed there with a sharp stick by some schoolboys who passed the brickyard at the ’time when this particular brick, with many others, was stiU soft and drying in the sun. The letters are in Greek.

DALE’S TINSHOP
JOHN A. DEAN,
The St. Hubert in later years be-	Secretary , . The top line was madê by a child
came the Flemish hound, and in re- i—	---------=	' -i=aBa who was still learning to make capi-
N.Wh..,.i„ïï&ü&SSZXiïSZ
to be bred pure and kept of pure	Town of Single Street Then beneath these, he wrote 10
Mood, thanks to the excellent work Clovelly is a street on the English times the letter K (Greek Kappa), if the monks of St. Hubert abbey coast of North Devonshire, strag Then he wrote at the end of the
introduced the gling from top to bottom of a 400- ffrst line the Greek word XELONA, breed into England after the Con-	foot cliff. The town consists literal-	meaning turtle,	and	at the end of
quest of 1066, where they were	ly of one street.	the second line	the	words MYLA
known as the Tablot hound and were Clovelly is one of the places which (mill) and KADOS (turtle). Then the ranking hound favorites during have almost robbed the word quaint an older boy, who could write mdre the Twelfth to Sixteenth centuries 'of its meaning through overuse Yet than mere capitals, pushed the Indolent, lazy to the nth degree Clovelly is so different that it mer little chap to one side ând wrote when he has nothing to do, he can its less well-worn characteriza- two lines just beneath the first two, oe action personified when or. a trail	tiens, states a writer in	the Los	and he wrote a	tongue-twister,
)r in play. Not easily provoked to	Angeles Times.	which reads:	‘	Nai	neai nea naia
oite and tolerant to the extreme of	There has never been a	wheeled	neoi temon, hos	neoi ha naus, or
children, he is a fine companion,	vehicle	in Clovelly.	the slope is too	in	English, * Boys cut new	planks
)et, hound and watchdog.	steep.	Provisions and baggage are	for	a new ship that the ship might
dragged down from.the New Road float.”
Gate on small sledges Patient This old brick shows that boys Surface Water Does Not	little	donkeys are used by anyone	played pranks 1.700 years ago as
Boil in Uniform Motion	who	wishes to	trust his reck to	they do now; and it shows also that
Chemistry.	[vines, the purple of fuchsias, the
Geysers boil up and subside. Surg- | flame of geraniums. The mild cli ing waves swing from side to side ,mate of Clovelly allows the growth	Cope mica n System of Astronomy
and are broken up by geysers. Large ,of fuchsias and honeysuckle even in Copernicus, whose Polish name bubbles of steam or vapor break midwinter, and the tiny gardens	was Nikolaus Koppernigk, was born
through the surface and explode,	wedged	behind the	closely packed	at	Thurn, Prussian Poland,	in 1473.
throwing large, small, and infinite-	houses,	are massed	with bloom	He	studied astronomy at the	Univer-
ly minute drops of liquid into the I No two houses are auke. Tney are shy of Krakow, then spent a num-vapor space.	built of stones brought up from the ber 0f years in Italy, studying medi-
Large and small drops of liquid beach hundreds of years ago by the cine and canon law. About 1500 he are projected from the surface,	ancestors of the	present inhabitants	lectured in Rome on mathematics
arching upward two, three, or more	 _________and astronomy, then in 1512 he set-
feet. Drops strike and combine,	n	_	tied in Frauenberg, East Prussia,
and are frequently broken into a How Average Person Lives where he entered holy orders and mixture of small and large drops by H all the time you ve spent, and became canon of the cathedral. He the impact. Particles dance about are going to spend eating was is said to have been devoted to the in space invisibly supported, finally | lumped together—you d be at the performance of his duties and to to fall or be carried away.	table five years! That s w.iat some have practiced medicine, giving his
With increasing concentration of British statistical experts figured services free to the poor, but it was the liquor there is change of condi- after a detailed investigation into his discovery of the Copernican sys-tions. Foam may be seen collecting how the average person lives n tem 0f astronomy that made him along the outer edges of the liquid person who reaches 70 has spent famous after his death. His great surface. Eventually this may build aome 450,000 hours—or about five work was probably completed in up to a deep rolling viscous blanket years—at the table, states a vuuer 1530 but was not published until
or it may have the appearance of an in the Washing* i	I
unstable tenuous frothy mass.	years spent on ea^ng seems hkv a
At the surface of this blanket bub- think of all the food that s put bles burst, spraying droplets and away during a lifetime. An adu« minute bubbles into the vapor space. , averages 1^355 pounds of x ictuals A strong light projected through annually. Over 50 yeais thats a the observation window shows that mere matter of some 3d tons. Add few of these smaller particles fall the fact you 11 spend about 23 >ear>
back to the foam or liquid. They sleeping-if you live to 70-and
you*ll see you re not so busy.
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
BEATTY PUMPS
The Normans
4
We carry a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.	*
Let us know your requirements and we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
tion
“A few short lessons are sufficient to master this indispensable form of lifesaving’, said Mr. Holland. Experience h is shown that most persons will have at least once in the course of their lives, the occasion of using this unvaluable knowledge to revive an apparently dead person whom only prompt assistance can bring back to life.”
DALE'S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Bristol Council
July 3rd, 1939
Regular session held on above date, present, Mayor McLeiian and Councillors Beattie, Duff, Henderson, McNeill, Orr.

ESTABLISHED 1883
The minutes of last regular meeting were read, and on motion of Henderson and McNeill were adopted.
Messrs. John Mackay and Hilliard Bronson appeared and complained about the division of labour on the Bristol-South Onslow townline. Action defered.
John Mackay also requested a grant to be spent on the third concession.
Motion by McNeill Orr, that this division receive a grant of $11.00 for this work.
Frank Roy requested a grant of $10.00 to build a culvert on the second con cession, opposite Lot 23 furnish material. Motion by Henderson and Beattie, that this request be granted.
Exevia Chabot asked the Council to purchase 35 yards of gravel from him.
Motion by Beattie-Duff, that this Council allow Mr. Chabot 60 cts. per yard for this gravel spread on the road on divisions No. 4 and 5.
Leo Keen again appeared and asked for an explanation of the refusal of the titreet light at his door. It was explained to Mr. Keon, that Bristol and Norway Bay are more thickly populated
centres.	_
McLean
Horner appeared and requested a grant	----------------- <	Cobweb and Spiderweb
for the Shawville fair.	Why‘John Bull’Represents England i “Cobweb" means spiderweb, cob
By-Law No. 1*7 giving the Gatineau ^ ^ie personification of the Eng- being an old English word signify-Power Company certain right» regard	nation "John Bull" originated tog spider. It !• the common name
ing tree triniing and tree cutting was	fn s	satjre published tn 1712 by	given	to the more or less formless
proposed, submitted and accepted by	John	Arbuthnot. a Scottish humor-	iwebs	spun in buildings by certain
the Board	,	dst.	The work is	entitled ‘The His-	species of spiders end larvae of
Hugh Roes requested a grant to gravel	t	cf John Bul|	•• an(j was intend-	eome insect# Most of the tangled
a portion of the road in hie division	, 8atire on the duke of Marl	webe	which annoy housewives are
Motion by Beattie-Duff, that Mr. Rose	and the war of thc Spanish produced by the Utile house spider
be allowed to haul «0 yards of gravel on iucce„ion At first It was attribut- Theridion tepidanorum Cobwebs or.
bit road.	ed to Swift, but ArbuthnoVs author- the ceilings and in the corners o.
Motion by Orr Henderson that the ; aW was ]ater proved beyond doubt, houses are usually not noticed un Mayor be appointed to sign all cheque* %n the satire John is a good til they become covered with dust along with the Sec.-Trea*-, and in ‘ hufnored, bluff, portly and bull- s circumstance which probably gave absence of the Mayor that the Ooeicil-	hesded fjliow of	the country-gentle-	rise to the popular belief that cob
lor of Seat No. I be appointed to sign	man	type Uwis	Baboon, a French-	webs consist merely of dust The
in hi* etcad—Carried.	man Nicholas Frog, a Dutchman, impression was strengthened by L.c
Motion by Render.on-Duff, that as wey as others. figure in the sat,1 fact that the house spiuer is se ion division No. 35 receive a grant of $33 ire The	fastened thc name ' Observed at work,
to widen the road six fe.*t and put in a 1	gull" on the Englisli people.
INVALID
COACH
GEORGE HY2TBS & SON
Directors of Funeral Service
ShawviMe, Que.
Phone
Council to
y
1543 when he lay dying. Dedicated to the pope, it described the sun as the center of a great system, with the earth one of the planets revolving about it. Modern astronomy was built on the foundation laid down by Copernicus.
Beattie’s Eye Service
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to BeAttib’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see as you should see you will tee
Beattie s Eye Service
f
Habits of Ant-Eaters
In tropical countries there are large mammals known as ant-eaters. To thrive in the ant-eating line it is necessary that the creature should be armed with powerful limbs for tearing open the nests, and also be immune from the bites and stings. So Nature has provided it with a long, worm-like tongue,
are swept away tn the vapor passing to the outlet.
Scientist Eye Examinations
coated with a sticky substance with
which it is able to lick up large numbers of insects about In the wreckage of their home. Some species of ant-eaters have no teeth, states a writer in London TitBits Magazine. In their place they have long, tubular juws, for ants are small and need no biting; the length of the jaw assists them m ?heir work, for they are able to stick it into crevices and holes in which the ants attempt to escape.
they run
V
Specialists on all Visnal and Muscular
Eye Defects
l

T.T. BEATTIE,
Professional Opt omet list
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS
###PAGE###5###


Service Announcement
Sh aw ville United Church net A F. Forks B A, B.D. PAitor
Sunday, July 2.3
11.00	A m. Service at Sbawville 1 30 p in.—Service at Zion
3.00	pm.—Service at Stark e Corners Evening service at 8h twville is with
drawn.
CARD OF THANKS
The Equity
PRINTING
The family of the late Mrs William Smart wish to thunk the friends and neighbours for their many and varied expressions of sympathy and kindness shown in the loss of their beloved mother.
FLY SPRAYS
established IMI
PVBLlMIKh KVRKY THVBSUAY AT
SHAW VILLE, QUEBEC
All kinds of Fly Sprays for inside and outside
ANNUAL-SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Cnniuln To United States.
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
Lower Pontiac Soft Ball League Schedule, let Hall
Thursday, July 20 { Bristol at Norway Bay
Friday, July 21 Wyman at Shawville Elmside at (juyon
Monday, July 24 Shawville at Norway Bay (juyon at Bristol Wyman at Elmside
Thursday, July 27 Bristol at Shawville
Friday, July 28 Norway Bay at Quyon Elmside at Wyman
*150
• #
use
2.00
Bristol United Church C. Arm.stromo-Salkh, B. D. Sunday, July 23
8t. Andrews, Sunday School, 10.00 a.m.
¦HHl 11 00 a,m.
2.30 p m 50.30 a.m. 8.00 p m
as
Protect your children by keeping the flies down, and also make more money from your herd by using a dependable
Fly Spray
All arrears must be paid In full before any paper Is discontinued
Service at
Knox,	*	"
Austin, Sunday School,
"	Service at
"anglican
St. Paul’*
Sunday, July 23
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School Morning Service Withdrawn
7.30	p m.—Evening Prayer
* Holy Trinity
11.00	a m.—Holy Comnuinion
gppiOil St. Liras’*
1.00 p.m — Sunday School
1.30	p m «-Evening Prayer
W. O. COWAN, PUBLISHER
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices,
Statements,
Posters Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
Property for Sale
*
Desirable dwelling Ir-tuae on Main Street, West, Shawville. Large proFor furtheT particular», apply
:<
THE CORNER STORE
\
perly
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard Main and Centre Sts SHAWVILLE, - QUE.
to
geo. h. McDowell,
1164 Gladstone Ave, Ottawa, Ont
I
Scent Boxes Once Used
I
By Both Women and Men
Small silver scent boxes and vinaigrettes came into fashion late in the Eighteenth century. They were considered an indispensable part of a lady's toilet a century and more ago. Every lady carried one in het pocket or reticule or suspended from her chatelaine. It was the fashion to sniff at it delicately whenever the opportune time came, for the of tamer a lady of those times çame to swooning, the more highly was she regarded. The ladies, however, according to Alice R. Rollins In the Los Angeles Times, were not alone in using these small trifles.
* Those for the men were larger and more masculine in taste. They Included such designs as a skull, e fish or fruit. They were worn suspended from the watch chain or carried in the pocket.
Vinaigrettes were usually made of silver but a few of gold and ivory pre known. One of the latter is described as being egg-shaped, pierced all over and unscrewing in the middle for the insertion of the sponge soaked in aromatic vinegar. The silver ones are of many shapes and sizes. As a general rule the earlier ones are plain and have detached lids. On the inside of the box was a grilled compartment that held spices, musk or a tiny sponge that had been moistened with sweetsmelling liquids.
In shape they were round, oval, convex and fiat. Sometimes in the form of tiny books, pocketbooks, letter wallets or shells, ftome of those made in the shape of books are beautifully chased in imitation of tooled’binding. Fish-shaped scent-bottles and vinaigrettes from Holland are not uncommon.
Parish or North Clarkndon Mr Hugh Mortimer, in charge
Morning Prayer,
, Evening Prayer, Evening Prayer,
10.30
N. Onslow, Oreermount
Charter is,
2 30
7.30
American Mining Magasine Features Quebec Prospecting
An interesting picture on the front cover of the July issue of Mining and Metallurgy, the official organ of the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineer.*, draws attention Quebec prospecting. It portrays a pros pector, with full loaded pack, standing beside bis canoe and is appropriately named "Off to the* bush in Quebec".
The Quebec Bureau of Mines notes an improvement in prospecting this year. While it may not yet be great it is of a very serious nature. The men in life field this summer are of high Oalibre,
prospector# who have been successful in the past. This augurs well f'T the present and future of mining in Quebec and the Province is pleased to have men of this type attracted to its mineral
fields.	m • • t
The continuance of the Mining Industry rests with the prospector for without his pioneer work the industry would eventually collapse. The Quebec Government has recently enacted legislation with regard to these men which should allow to reap more substantial returns for their arduous work
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
Successor to G. F Hedging Co. Limited
Mid-Summer Sale
USED CARS
Clearing lines of Woman's White Shoes
1938—Ford V-8, Small Mileage 1938—Plymouth,
1935—Ford Truck, stake body
These are all in good running order and can be bought on easy terms over a period of 18 months. Horses and cattle taken in exchange.
Call and look them over.
41
4t
Oxfords, Sandals and Pumps
Only odd sizes left
If your size is here they are extra value
.... $1.49
)


iv\l
i

G. A. Howard & Son
%
at
.
Ford Dealers
Women’. Sand and White Oxfords, with
crepe sole...
Quebec
Shawville,
Roy G. Fraser
.. $1.79
# #e #
• e
Gift», Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 888 Phone 180
Flower»,
of Women’s Oxfords,
black
A Special Table
Sandals, Pumps and Straps, m
or brown, sizes 3& to 74 to clear at $1.49 to $1.98
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Praying Mantis Perfect
In Its Stalking Manner
$1.65
Some wild creatures are immune from destruction by human beings, because legends have caused them to be looked upon as sacred. Robin Redbreast is an example, for it is considered unlucky to kill a robin or destroy its nest. Some think it unlucky to kill a spider, but the most fortunate creature is the praying mantis, writes Oliver G. Pike, F. Z. S., in London Tit-Bits Magazine.
The mantis preys upon other insects; it requires a lot of food and there is an unlimited supply all around, it will often kill, eat a small portion of its victim, cast it
When
Women’s Black and Brown Campers
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in vite your patronage, orders of $1.00 or over, phone
us collect $5 00 or over phene us collect and we shall prepay.
I
$1.39
$1.25
<4
44
44
44
• • •
e# #
Boys’
Monuments in Marble and Granite
On
Youths’ Campers.............
Mens' Heavy Work Boots......
Penman's
sleeves, colours gold and white
Boys’ White and Coloured Polos 49 to 69 cts.
Men’s OreenÏRed and Blue Polos
To clear at 6) cts.
, Sizes 3-\ 36
On orders of
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
$2.25 to $2.95
*s Youths’ Sweat Shirts, Short
Phone, 278
40 Ct8.
as
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Rhone anytime between 7 am,
and 11 p. m
aside, and capture more. ¦ _ wanting a meal it sits among the I green vegetation looking exactly i | like the surroundings and it takes a ~ j trained observer to detect it as it stands motionless, body erect, foreTable Furnishings Used legs raised. In this position it ap-
Dutch East 1 pears to be in an attitude of prayer.
Sometimes it waits until an in-
Chinaware Among Later
Men’s Grey Flannel Trousers
and 38 to clear at ¦¦¦¦
Men’s Brown Sport Pants, Sizes 3%, 36, 38
and tO to clear at ..................
It was not uni
India company began trading wit!	,
the Orient that chma was introduced sect comes within striking distance,
into the western world	| at other times it will stalk the prey,
¦I*
Delft ware was produced by the s;dered a creature favored by heav-Italians in the Fifteenth and Six efi and if a person is fortunate
teenth centuries.	enough to have one settle upon him
The method of covering a col- he ig bought to be a saint. In all ored body with a white glaze, how partg of lhe world it is either con-
ever, was not unknown to the Ara- sidered sacred, or legends protect biana and Persians, relates Alice R , n	¦¦#¦¦¦¦¦
Rollins in the Los Angeles Times |A’
The Dutch followed the method of
the Italians and in turn the English ,	—	—*	.
copied the technique of the Dutch. G O TO 011	1 • r dill
Holland produced a delft ware from 1630 to 1710, in imitation of the importations from China by the Dutch East India company, which maintained a port at Delft.
The Dutch potters themselves exported their products to all parts of the world opened to them by trade %pd many potters migrated to foreign countries including Eng-
ine
MacLean’s
I
$2.69
• •
RED & WHITE STORE
$2.49
“The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
Sizes 32, 34, 36 $2.49
Men’s Grey Sport Pants,
grocery department
RINSO SPECIAL
»—***“? 70.7,«CAL	I
Handy size bottle# Jam. all Savors.. - -	-
jelto Milk Quick Ptulding. New-appetizmg-handy
two packages for........ I J
Blfo KILLERS ;-Ktug-Ar»«uate of Lime-Lead Pari# Green
Hay Fork Rope :	Binder Twine in now, big reduction
20 cts.
Kraft Dinner, per package
Serviettes. 100 to a package
Salted Sodas, 2 lbs. for
Grapefruit Juice,
Pineapple Juice,
Orange	•
Tomato Juice, large tins, 2 for ..........
Pears with heavy syrup	........
Apricots or Peaches, choice quality, per tm
C LT Pilchards, per tin ..................
Salmon, pink. 2 for	••••
Macaroni, with Cheese & Cream Sauce
Wax Paper, per roll
Paper Towels, 150 to a roll
Fancy Free Deserts, assorted flavors, 3 for
Lush us Jelly Powders, “	“	3 for
Jello Freezing Mix, for Ice Cream
Oglivies Flakes, Puffed Wheat or Grapenut
Flakes .........................
Rice Krispits, Pep, Bran Flakes, All Wheat
or Post Bran Flakes, 2 pkgs. for
15
25
10
per tin
The two for 28 cts
15
44	44
18
44	44
15 11
25
25 "
$
13
15
15
1» “
25
INSURANCE
18
IS
25
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
25
25
10
Isnd
C
10
It was the desire.to create a white ware that led to the production of delft. The colored clay body was first fired, then dipped in a white glaze or enamel derived from binoxide of tin or stannic acid.
25
SHAWVILLE - QUE
Successor to G. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
###PAGE###6###

T:J
CT




¦s'ffi'ÿ'-. V
#
gloom- With difficulty he discerned the outlines of a small clapboard house, set back at some distance from the road. From where the car was parked no light was visible. The place seemed as dark and lonely as the road down which they'd just come.
"So this Is your hideaway. Is It?" Kelly said to the Weasel. “What a delightful place. It looks like a deserted grave.'*
vAin't so deserted as It looks." said the Weasel. “Cissy'll be waitin' fer me Inside, sure.*'
Z
It Makes a Nicer Cool Drink
>Æ/

////^/
i
è
z
r /¦—v <£,
MP*# flFl

Shredded Wheat lives yountsten all the energy of 100% who#e wheat. Children love Its nutty flavor and crunchy crispness . , . with milk or cream and berries ... In dozens of t appealing tedded Wh
H
\

k


combinations.
different
iiM aUPBHHHHHH
Inf. 12 big biscuits in every box.
A

eat every morn*

¦



m
EEEW TEA
Niagara Falls • Canada


wReat
-

shréô^E
P
"Cissy ?“
"His girl," Joe explained. ‘ The place does seem dark though, Weasel. Maybe Cissy took a run-out powder."
"Not a chauct," said the Weasel. And said It almost reluctantly, Joe thought.

AI

%

PÜ
HOLDUP HONEYMOON


Pt

$
¦

?
m

Cissy Listens
Leaving the ear they stole quietly around the house. A light was shining from a kitchen window and* the shade was only half-drawn. They peered in and perceived a blond girl ploying solitaire at the kitchen table.
y\
A
BY EDWIN RUTT Copyright 1930.NEA Service Inc.

»
1
or

KS
lues, however, Kelly fourni her speech again,
"Look here," said Kelly, in perplexity, "what is this anyway?"
"Shall we tell her? ' Joe asked the Weasel.
•Why not?" said the great man. "We're almost dere."
"Well then. Miss Archer." said Joe,, "let me inform you that you are being kidnapped."
Kelly jumped. "Kidnapped?"
For a moment Kelly looked very grave. Then she gave a light laugh.
"That," she said, "is the most outlandish thing I've ever heard of"
A
CAST OF CHARACTERS JOSEPH SANOHAM —hero; he thought he was on top of world until he smacked Into KELLY ARCHER—heroine; she thought she was headed for the altar until she smacked into ED, the WEASEL—gangster; he thought he was headed somewhere, too. but affairs somehow got mixed up.

the

whlspefod the
• •
Oat's Cissy.
Weasel.
A modulated whisper from Ed the Weasel might have been likened lo steam escaping. Inside, the blond girl raised her head, sat for a second alert and suspicions, like a snake listening.
The Weasel tapped three times on the window pane. Suddenly the blond girl was out of her chair and darting catlike across the room. The light went out. A moment of silence passed. Then through the keyhole of the kitchen door, a voice rasped: ' Who's thereV
The Weasel cleared his throat.
"Just me, baby," he said loudly.

MADE IN CANADA - OF CANADIAN WHEAT
Wear Your Skirl At Right Length
|o soup. Now fold In theTlaked fish mixing well, then tbf salad dressing. and lastly pimento, salt end pepper. Place In mold and chill.
A , This makes a very lovely platter y\	dish, unmould on lettuce (crisp)
and surround with the cottage cheese ball salad I told you about mm m a few weeks ago. Decorate platter J with salad dressing and top with currant Jelly (red).
a
Yesterday: Joe stops to unload the candy before entering Canada and Kelly flees down the highway like a red headed deer. The Weasel raises his hand to shoot.
T
T
Hemlines Now Are Between M and 18 Inches From the
A
L
B
Some Easy Dough
Joe spoke now at length.
"For a long time now I’ve been looking around for a way to make some easy dough. Well, 1 ran Into you by chance. And when that business of going to Boston came up, it gave me an idea. I thought you came from a pretty well-to-do family, probably. Your uncle's house wa# quite hotsy-totsy, anyhow. And I . . . well, I decided to make a killing. I never, my dear young lady, had the slightest intention of taking you to Boston. I was waiting for a convenient opportunity to slug you over the head, toss you In the back of the car and hit for the camp of a friend of mine up in Ver-moU. He Isn't using it now and It would have been an ideal place to keep you until I could have gotten iu touch with your folks.
4 Unfortunately for me, the Weasel got into the picture and I have to split with him. But so what? My cut of the dough we'll get from your father will keep me In clover for a long time. And as for this cussed candy truck,” he stated viciously, Til run it into the first river once I’ve got the money."
"What utter rot," said Kelly. "Beyond my name, you know practically nothing about me."
•Don't 1? I've already told you that I suspected you came from a wealthy family. Well" — he reached into a pocket on the inside of the door and drew out the paper that the Weasel had obtained from the filling station attendant—"this confirmed it. Plenty."
Wonderingly, Kelly took It. For a moment she stared wild-eyed at her own likeness. Finally she spoke defiantly.
"If you think you can scare my father, you’re crazy. He knows 1 can take care of myself."
"Maybe so. But he’ll come right through to keep your mother from worrying. She's probably hysterical by now."
Kelly's eyes narrowed to bright
Floor
CHAPTER X
L
Extreme versions of the schoolgirl silhouette are not tor very short women. Nor tor tall girls who have flat, straight-hipped, boyish figures. The forme; type will find most becoming costs that hang straight from the shoulders and those which are easy fitting through the middle with a smal' auiti^U of hemline fullness.
Not For Short Women Wide, swirling skirts should to worn slightly shorter than straight ones. However, don't let all the current discussion of skirts getting shorter make you forget the right skirt length for every pair of legs. Hemlines now are between Id and 18 Inches from the floor. If yon are young and your legs are beau tiful. wear your clothes 18 Inches from the floor If you like. If your legs aren't exactly beautiful wear your skirts longer—without any trace of self-consctousness whatse ever.
A quick glance was enough to show Mr. Saudham what to do. And with a lightning-like movement he knocked the Weasel's hand toward the ground.
"Don't shoot, for Pete's sake.' he shouted, "i'll get her." Then he was off, speeding after the flying Kelley. He overhauled her within 40 yards.
The Weasel lumbered up. puffing.
"I—I could kill you both," Kelly
said savagely.
"Hoity-toity." said the Weasel. He grasped her arm.
Joe’s right fist clenched. If this big baboou attempted to maul Kelly he was going to take a pop at him, gun or no gun. But the Weasel didn’t. He escorted Kelly back to the car in genteel fashion.
"Now, me gal," he said. "Don't try dat again."
"I'll try the first chance 1 get," stormed Kelly viciously. "Why did you not shoot if you're so tough about everything."
The Weasel pointed to Joe. "Him —he got in the way."
"In other words," put in Joe, "I saved your life. Our grandchildren will hear about that."
"Well why didn’t you shoot him too?" Kelly said to the Weasel. "It would have been a service to humanity."
The Weasel grinned. "Him an’ me s pals."
"Two of a kind." snapped Kelly.
Joe eiimbed into the car.
"Well," he said, "if the abuse session is over, let's go. Time’s a was tin' "


s
E
;
"Open up."
(To Be Continued)
Your Household Problems
SADIE CHAMBERS
By
Musical Hats
Have you fussy eaters in your family ? Do you have trouble providing a varied and interesting menu? Do your cakes fall? Then write, enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie B. Chambers, care of this paper, and she will endeavour to solve your problems.
A FISH CHAT
Summer days should be good Jay: for the serving of fish. Too often is this choice food listed for Fridays and Lenten dishes only. In warm weather as the family loses their appetite for your ordinary meat course, try your tactics on fish dishes. This of course is the best season for fresh fish. Fresh fish is divided Into two classifications "white" and "oily". In white fish the oil Is In the liver, but in ealmon it is all in the body.
The flesh or good fish should be firm and elastic, eyes bright, full, round and bulging. The tail should not be drooping and the gills should be red and full of blood.
Gowns and hats that play tunes the latest from Paris. Handbags tinkle out faint tunes when opened, hats wheeze bars of music from time to time. From evening gowns come spritely or sentimental songs, when the wearer puts her hand on her heart. Musical boxes are hidden in bouquets, buckles, bows and belts.
are
Household Pests:
Their Control
Printer’» Passion
Found unconscious in the street a young Hungarian printer stated that, jilted by his girl, he had set her full name and address in large type and swallowed the lot.
Houseflies Are Near the Top of the List of Home En-
Different Treatment
e
For Each
A Simple Dressing
Baked fish or steamed is much better for the digestion than the fried, and serving this way calls for a dressing. Here Is a simple dressing:
1 cup cracker or bread crumbs
1 tablespoon salt
1 teaspoon chopped onion
1	teaspoon chopped parsley 1/8 teaspoon pepper
2	tablespoons butter
Clean, wipe and dry fish. Rub with salt. Fill cavity with stuffing, then sew cavity, rub all over with butter and salt and pepper, and a little flour. Place In hot oven to bake. If steaming, prepare In the same manner.
Among the enquiries for Inform ation on household Insects received by the Division of Entomology, of the Science Service. Department of Agriculture, Ottawa, probably the most numerous relate to such common pests as ants, cockroaches, silverfish, clothes moths, carpet beetles, house files, and bedbugs. Ante, cockroaches and silverfish can be controlled by the same Insecticides: namely, by a mixture of equal parts of sodium fluoride and pyrethrum powder, or by the first-named Insecticide alone. The powder, which is a poison and should be used with caution on that account, may be applied with a small dust gun or Insecticide puffer, blowing it into the cracks and crevices where the Insects occur and In other places which they frequent.
The prevention of damage by clothes moths and carpet beetles Is less simple and requires special care and forethought. ,
For further information on the life-history and control of these Insects, including houseflies and bedbugs, write to the Publicity and Extension Division. Department of Agriculture, Ottawa, for a copy of Circular No. 187.
FOR YOUR VACATION!
Young Jumper Frock
For Town or Travel This Summer
2887
sues ii-is
DEFOREST, MAJESTIC OR ROGERS

h

« ***
V
"You're Being Kidnapped"
The Weasel helped Kelly in. She resumed her seat with bad grace.
"I wish 1 had that gun for two minutes,” she said spitefully. “I’d make the fur fly around here.”
"Dis dame," said the Weasel jovially, "is damn near as tough as Cissy."
The crossing of the border was uneventful. A preoccupied customs official took a sweeping glance at the empty car, Joe filled out the necessary papers and they were in. Through the ceremony the Weasel sat on the front seat with Kelly, his gun pressed against her side.
Once on the road for St. Father-
/
For those who find it difficult to obtain fresh fish, do not think unkindly of canned fish, goods to-day are under very rigid supervision and are thus prepared in a very scientific manner. Insist upon a good brand—it does not pay to buy cheap ones, and In so doing you will be protected. Any pantry
canned

i
Canned

:

•in
slits
With Batterie»
Just Lies
"I’ve never known anyone. ' she said, "that i detested as much as I
do you."
"That's perfectly okay with me," said Joe. "Your opinion is immaterial. I’m after money and nothing more."
"You said it," put in the Weasel, who had liitened to all this with approving ears.
For a short time there was silence. Finally Kelly said: "Listen Joe."
"Hello ’
"All those —those thinjs you told me, then? They were" — her voice dropped
Joe laughed, an unnecessarily loud laugh. "You mean about falling for you? Wanting to marry you and all that? Gee, women are all dumb. I never knew one yet who didn't turn out to be a sucker directly a man told her he loved her. Of course, they were lies. You do not think I d be dope enough to want to get married, do you!"
Kelly's face twisted.
"Now I know," she said, her little month tight, "that you’re the rot tenest person I've ever tatlf
The Hideaway
Twilight drew around Ontario. Thickened into darkness. The car droned on. And presently the lights of 8t. Catherines winked ahead of
them.
"Right t rough da town," the Weasel directed.
A half mile out of St. Catharines, the Weasel ordered Joe to turn off on a dirt road which led In the general direction of Lake Ontario. And down this the car plunged through shadows for ten minute# Then, suddenly, the Weasel’s left hand gripped Joe's shoulder,
Stop here," be commanded la a] terse voice.
Joe strained his eyes through the
LOW-PRICED PORTABLE RADIO
I
lacking these valuable goods in summer Is only running three cylinders. We have two special favorites, salmon and tuna. There are two valuable points to remember about canned salmon. Firstly the liquid In the tin should be retained, for It Is rich in Iodine. Secondly, while we discard the bones of home cooked salmon the canned should be kept and crushed. These bones contain valuable minerals. Tuna, the "chicken of the sea" Is the fish we should automatically turn to as an alternative to the faithful bird from the poultry farm. There are few things we do with chicken serving either hot or cold, which are not equally good v. ban mtds with tuna.
L
on
PLAYS ANYWHERE
#	No AerisL Ground Plug-in Needed
#	Door Prelect» Control» While Carrying
#	Rugged Compact Waterproof Finieh.
#	Light Weight.	' I
#	Long Battery Life.
#	New, Handy Shape.
«
Common Sense Toothbrush Use
DELICIOUS...
REFRESHING
1


Proper Care of Mouth and The Teeth Should Be Taught In Childhood




' just lies?"

So much has been published and so much has been said over the radio and In other ways about the care of the mouth and teeth that it would seem hardly likely that anyone could have missed the nec-information. Nevertheless.
WITHOUT DOORS
Long and Short-Wave Model
S44.es
$34.95
By LOUISE LENNOX
A jumper frock is one of the old-fashioned styles that have
new
been modernised to make us prettier. A clean cut, simple little dress with a full gathered skirt and a sheer blouse with perky puff
to hot weather, to Fair visiting, to party going, all summer long. For practical wear this summer a tiny checked novelty rayon or the popular, fashionable gingham with a batiste or white blouse is a wise and smart choice. Make the bolero to match the skirt for a complete costume suit that will be just u much at home in town as in the
Style No. 2887 is de

Baked Salmon Loaf
FREE demonstration at
essary
It Is still important. If we can judge by what we see around us. to emphasise that the mouth and the teeth are important for health and that their proper care means that they will remain useful longer than they would otherwise.
Brushing of the teeth should begin just as soou as a child is given a mixed diet and even before this If there Is any sign that material Is collecting on and around- the teeth. .
put oue cup milk Into a double
bread

any DeFOREST, MAJES-
boiler and add enough crumbs to make a smooth paste. Cook until thick, stirring constantly, add m can of salmon chopped, cup of cream, salt and pepper to season, 3 eggs beaten separately, folding In the stiffly beaten whites last Mix thoroughly, pour into a buttered mold. Bet into a pan of hot water and bake until firm In a
A young girl's solution
TIC or ROGERS dealer

a



IF YOU FEEL SUNK


worth
ffKia
moderate oven.


#
country. ¦¦¦¦(¦¦¦¦I
signed for sixes 11, 18, 15, 17 and 19 years. Sise 16 requires 8% yards of 89-inch material for the bolero and jumper; 1% yards of 39-inch material for the blouse. Send Fifteen Cents (16c), (coin is preferred) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West j Adelaide St., Toronto. WÊÊ plainly your Name, Address and I Style Number. Da sure to state Size.

Method For Brushing Much has also been written about the motion to be used In brushing teeth. Since the whole purpose of the tooth brushing is merely to get the debris and the material on the teeth and on the edges of the gums out of the mouth, the person who Is using the toothbrush with • reasonable amount of Intelligence n find out for himself the

Jellied Tuna
ox. tin of cream of spinach soup i/3 cup thick boiled salad dressing l package (pint) plain gelatine *4 cup boiling water I cup flaked tuna fish '3	>
«4 .teaspoon salt l|S teaspoon pepper -fr S tablespoons chopped pimento
Heat the soup Soak gelatine In two tablespoons cold a. ter. boiling water, stir thoroughly, add
. crus*"


WfJ	Enjoy
the genuine peppermint flavor.of
DOUBLEMINT GUM!
G#f same today I
ot
V.
s;<r-
CO
Write
'39
Add
best method

###PAGE###7###


m


¦
Dr. Lamb emphasized that physical measures were accessary to offset the “tremendous gait at which we travel" aad the high tension'* which he said was hound to have later effects.
He said governments and ether groups had made efforts to check ill health “but many governments fall to realise the body ef the child must go to school with the child's mind. Teachers must recognise this."	.	f:	2
Fanner’s Son Makes New Fast Craft for Slow and Water Transportation
NEWS
Books And You


BY

PARADE
ELIZABETH EEDY
"PATRICIA**
By Grace Livingston Hill
Curl up in a hammock with this one: The well-loved Iin. Hill, author of "The Seventh Hour/* "Loi Michael,” Etc., has written a delightful and intensely human story of Patricia's struggle for and attainment of, in spite of her socialclimbing mother, a way pi life that brings happiness, satisfaction and inspiration. May the Fifth of the year Patricia Prentiss was twenty-four had become a day of dread because she must give Thorny Bellingham his final answer to his many proposals of marriage, instead of the gala day of years before when she had seen the Worth family, united and warmly happy.
Each year Patricia had kept May the Fifth sacred and the memory green, aided by the lovely bed of Mhes-of-the-valley young John Worth had planted at her gate on that memorable day. John returned on this crucial anniversary to Pat, through the fragrance of the few lilies he had picked on his way to the house, of all her childhood and young womanhood. The devoted followers of Grace Livingston Hill's charming novels will take John Worth and Patricia to their hearts.
"HIS FATE 19 SCALED" On# of the wisest women of our time, Genevieve Taboulé, French newspaperwoman, declares Hitler's hour has struck. His day ef destiny arrived, she mays, the day his soldiers entered Prague On that day democracy woke up in Britain and France. It was like a bugle call. It was Hitler’s greatest triumph — and It spelled his doom.**
M
that
mb added that both social omlc planning were necessary to put over physical education, which must have government support in Canada.
•can
Dr
UDd
The Pieced Quilt And Patchwork
MOUE UNEMPLOYED: Canada la among the countries of the world reporting an Increase of unemployment during the second quarter of list. Royal visit or no royal visit, there are nom fewer Canadians whfi are working In steady jobs than at this time last year. (Business, generally, during this period upped 3 per cent., nevertheless).
Nobody knows exactly how many jobless there are In the Dominion, ployment figures the Govern-come from several thousand representative firms across Canada who carry a fair number of on their payroll. Nobody knows Low many jobless young people are living at home with their parents, how many transients there are, or how large is the number of unemployed who have not applied for relief.
- Quilt-Making U An Old Art On
_ Ü ti^MgCoUectjr.K
1
Specimens An Interesting
Hobby
It la not so much the objects collected as the interests they bring with them that provide the thrills for the collector. Qnllta collected by Mrs. Fulton Lewis, of Washington, DC, are witnesses to the hardy spirit of the pioneer women who followed their husbands to carve out homes In the wilderness.
James K. Lawrence, farmer's son of Myrtle, Ont, built this novel craft in his spare time. He claims that it is capable of travelling on snow and water end would ba ideal for travel in the north country. It is driven by a propeller and has air conditionings a radio and is equipped with electricity. The department of transport has inspected and approved the craft
For more than 20 years she has
gathered fine specimens of the art of women of early days, with such names as
Chamberlain,
Roosevelt Kin
Designs
VOICE
of the
PRESS
NTARIO
UTDOORS
'Kansas
Log Cabin" and “Whig
i# •«
Troubles,
Rose" tell of days when men and women were making a nation.
“Quilt-making can be divided Into two classes," says Mrs. Lewis, “the first the pieced quilt and then the patchwork one. The pieced quilts were the ones used every day, so they are now rarer than the patchwork or appllqued ones, which were put away for best '
By VIC BAKER
MIMING BOTTLES: York County milk from the producer to the con-Council la urging a Provincial investigation into the price spread of semer. Farmers of Southern and Western Ontario are paid on the average of 3 1/3 cents per quart for their milk while city people are charged 12 cents per quart. The producers complain that the tremendous wastage In milk bottles Is responsible to some extent for the 12 cep)t price, but why charge these again t the consumer? If we had to pay a cash deposit on each one, fewer bottles would be used as flow*? vases, jam containers, or thrown In the garbage can, and incidentally, there would be much less excuse for charging the present price for milk.
Says; Queen Related to Washington, Lee
CARE OF WORMS
Despite the extensive campaign carried on during the past few years by the advocates of artificial baits to have every angler use flies, spinners, plugs snd similar artificial lures, we will always have with us the old dyed-in-the-wool fisherman who prefers worms first, last and always. To these fishermen we direct the following advice.
To have the pleasure of good worm fishing in August and September, the experienced angler
his bait during this The trouble is, however.
Toroeto: J. B. Lippincott, 218 Victoria Street . . . $2.25.
Hill
• mm
A high British authority on genealogies has announced his conclusion that Queen Elizabeth • is related to George Washington and Robert E. Lee and that President Roosevelt and Prime Minister Chamberlain are eighth cousins three times removed, with King Edward I of England as a common ancestor.
King Edward 1 Their Ancestor
Those ore findings of Anthony Wagner, holder of the 500-year-old title of Portcullis Pursuivant at the College of Arms, home of British heraldry.
Wagner has just completed a genealogical table showing that Roosevelt and Chamberlain descended from a daughter and a son of William Coytmore, an Englishman who lived in the 16th century.
Queen Elizabeth's relationship to Washington was discovered accidentally when Wagner was working on Washington's family tree for the British pavilion at the New York World's fair.
EDUCATIONAL TOUR Since the Royal tour las been on the people in Canada have had opportunity to learn the names of the premiers of our o*n sarious provinces, iner.
Aik fa BEE HIVE
Potato Digger»

Peterborough Exam-
Digging potatoes in a long flat field
is part of summer, the midsummer sun
A corn-silk color, forks nudge out the yield,
Hilling from one row to a farther one.
Watching the bent brown backs, the flashing curve Of tines above the damply tousled head,
Modernity is lost between the swerve
Of muscla* spilling out the earth's sweet bread.
Here in the tide of summer, under the sky
Of summer, the potato digger» stand
Leaning on forks; the mammoth golden eye
Of sun adds bronze to back and arm and hand;
Resting, they gaze across a waving sea
• I Of light above the nuggets they
will free.
#
. I
WE WASTE THE RAIN
As a rule, we get enough precipitation in Ontario, but we don’t hang on to it. Because of denuded land, bare hillsides and drained swamps we run it all off to the sea.—Farmer’s Advocate.	.
ni
prepares month.
that the majority of fishermen find it difficult to keep worms
tough and im HR _ RBHRHI throughout the summer months.
There is one sure way of maintaining a large supply of worms so that they will snap back at the trou and this is it!
#
a fighting spirit
ONCE WAS ENOUGH
Ontario’s motor license plates are being printed—black on canary yellow. Apparently the Highways Department’s one experience with fancy color schemes was enough.—Owen Sound Sun-Times.
HISTORY AND THE MOVIES
History in the movies is all right, but future youngsters may j say Don Amecbe discovered the telephone, Clark Gable the Mississippi and Raymond Massey invented Lincoln. They saw them do it. | —Branoon Sun.
RUMOR DEPARTMENT: It Is reported by grapevine tele:r'ph that the National Association ot Manufacturers In the United States Is out to “get" President Roosevelt; that they have sunk $750;000 In a campaign to see that he isn't relumed for a third .term.

All In A Box
Construct a box about six by four by three feet deep of one inch lumber. Cover the inside with several layers of gunny sack or paint with pitch. Sink all but about four inches of the box in the ground in some shady spot, then fill to within eight inches of the top with leaf mould and good rich soil. About once a week sprinkle some
powdered milk or commeal lightly over the surface of your worm cache. During very warm weatnei sprinkle with a little water, being careful not to use too much or will sink to the bottom and sour the soil and the worms will die within 48 hours.
During the real hot days, place a couple of sacks over the top of . | the box to keep out some of the
This box should take care
%
THE WEEK'S QUESTION: And while we are on the subject of American politics (which, like it or not, are tremendously important to Canadians), what regrettable effect is the House of Representatives’ refusal to chsnge the Neutrality Act likely to have on aggressor nations In Europe? Answer: The House’s refusal to make it possible to sell arms to non-aggres§orÉJ(jJH| (France or England, for Instance), may be construed throughout Europe as evidence that a majority of Americans are not behind the President's efforts to deter further warlike action by Hitler and Mns-eolinL
».

Nicotine Sulphate Controls Aphids
»
coffee grounds,
REAPING THE WILD VOTES
Letter from John M. Robb, Conservative organizer, is asking the party organizations in all constituencies to welcome back returning Reconstructionists. They will just be regarded as prodigals who have come back after sowing their wild votes.—Toronto Star.
Catch These Plant Lice At the Beginning of an Outbreak
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
nations
%

Aphids or plant lice are soft bodied insects which are frequently found feeding in clusters on a wide variety of plants. They vary in colour; white, green, blue, red and black forms being the most common. Aphids can be controlled much more easily at the beginning of an outbreak than later in the season when their numbers have increased and the leaves on which they are feeding have curled up in such a way as to protect them from sprays and dusts.
Spraying the plants with nicotine sulphate 40 per cent, and wa' ter, to which has been added a small amount of laundry scap, is the easiest and best method of control. Nicotine should be used at the rate of three-eighths of a pint to 40 gallons of water with 2/3 pound of soap added. In small amounts of the spray, use 2 spoonsful of nicotine in a gallon of soapy water. Apply the material on a hot, calm day and drench both the upper and lower surfaces of the leaves so as to actually hit all the insects.

%
98%

%

m
DRESSES.

y

;
THEATRICALS FOR ALL
There is no substitute for the theatre, in its true sense. It gives a scope to the average individual, with latent or developed artistic sense, that no other medium can supply. Its popularity only stresses its effectiveness. And in a day when synthetic forms of entertainment hold such a large part of the spotlight, there is an increasing need foi more activity in the field of amateur theatricals.—Hamilton Spectator.

/

heat.pjPIBPHiPIlBWWPilWi
of at least a thousand wof.r.t and will keep most of them through the entire summer.
%
Benjamin Britten
B
%

y
r
2**

•:
i
< ••
/
2

%

**
'/

Stair* Are Vital
In Home Layout
#*

* %
»*
» IÎ
Old homes may be greatly improved in appearance with modern stairways. Several treatments to beautify the home and remove a menace to safety, are:
1.	Replacing worn-out treads on
stairs.
2.	Giving attention to creaking stairs.
3.	Giving additional support to ridkety cellar steps.
4.	Installing railing on cellar stairs to prevent accidents.
6. Transforming closed stairways into open stairways by removing one or more walls.
6.	Replacing old posts and railings with modern types.
7.	Installing disappearing stairs to attic.

<Te*
•• •:
V se

%

se

;
%
Training For
Health Urged
A •:

#r
V
V
.*
»*

•f
»*
m
Dr. A. S. Lamb, bead of the department of physical culture at McGill University and president of the Canadian Physical Education Association. recently told the association Its duty was to protect and promote health rather than to carry on the “mistaken notion of exercise—speed, strength and sweat.”
5*
Gypsum production in Canada during the first quarter of 1939 totalled 36,781 tons compared with 18,579 tons during the corresponding period of 1938.

Famous young English musical composer who is seeking fresh musical inspiration in Canada, tees a great future for young < a nadian composers, especially those In small communities where the chief facility for instruction is radie broadcasts . of symphonic musk.	^
"New you can see bow it will look on you, madam."
By GENE BYRNES
The Legal Mind
REG’LAR FELLERS
t CANT PAY YOU A NICKEL f I CAN'T EVEN PAY YOU TWO CENTS/iM SO BUSTED I CAN'T EVEN PAY YOU
A PENNY-
WELL, AS A SPECIAL FAVOR. ILL HANDLE YOUR CASE, IF YOULL FORK OVER HAFFA BUMP'S MARBLES f
NATCHERLY, MISTER DUFFY, IF YOU WAS MY CLIENT I COULD PROVE YOU ABSOTIVELY INNERCENT, BUT YOU CANT BE MY CLIENT. UNTIL YOU RAY ME A NICKEL IN ADVANCE
\> 1 • •
BUMP HUDSON SAYS I SWIPED TWENNY MARBLES OFFN HIM-CAN I SUE HIM?
:
Canary Is Back
After Year Away
i
*
4
\

X
m

The old adage, “leave ’em alone and they’ll come home,” holds good ever in the case of missing canaries, according to Mrs. Charles Lance, of Marion, 111. Her canary escaped in June, 1988, when a cat, springing against the cage, knocked open the small door. The bird disappeared. After an absence of 11 n: on lbs, the canary returned and perched on the fence in front of the Lr.net ho . irs. Lance said she hr.d no trouble at ail in coaxing It baV: into I s cage.



11
I
fa
/'

<
t
r,
'




•I
<tVtFN%
onucrow

i


Z
#
@fv

DutiAN
AVVVIR.

,///


'//
X
\
Ma1»
<r-f5
###PAGE###8###
nd
\
4
Look Here
Qiiyon.
Mr. and Mrs. D. H Brownlee, daughter, Mrs. Lhiney, ot Kngle-hart, Ont., and son. V ertel. a!
Kirkland Lake, have returned to their homes after-a two weeks visit with their relatives in this district,
Kn route to Dannville, Que » to visit relatives, Mr. and Mrs U H.
Metal Roofing
here Saturday evening. Mr. n	°
Hodge was the County Agrono_ I	j
mUt here nineteen yeaia ago and II	8/110.	OldlDÊT
ot recent years has been on the V	w
editoi ial staff of the Canadian | /	• 5• F £
Farmer. Following his vacation
connection wfthVhe aettVe'i'ncu* of 11 Bam BUd Stable
European refugees in that country. |
Equipment %
For Salr, Wants, Found
Lost etcL
1
teauty
Shawville
PEDLAR’S
d
o
ROOMS TO RENT—Two nloe largo room» to let. with or without board. Apply to Mr». Hector Tklkord. Main Street, Shawville.
Shoppe
Stave Wood For Sale — In bundle», dry and culled & tavern, pine limited. Place roiir order at once. Apply to Bordez? Corrioan. at Stave Mill. Ph
one
&

as.
Permanent Waves from
$1.00 to $7.50
PAiKTixa and Whitewash!*»— All kind» of painting and while washing, by power machine don* at reasonable p*Ices. Apply to M. Kknob, Wyman. Phone.
V
*1

8-9
FOR SALE — Special bargains — 11 Window Flame» with ventelatlng *hut-term ; 8 Window Screen* copper wire In metal frames, large : Laying Hen», one-year old ; Cream Separator, farm else. Apply to IL W. Hoixiin*. Shawville.
Take yonr family and frien^ji to toi, Wednesday, July 26th.
Finger Waves, Shampoo, - -
25 cents


nom iNc
25 cents
Stress Importance of Getting Entries In for Exhibition
AGENTS WANTED! Familkx wtu, «TART TOtJ in a prod table business like hundreds of others ihrou shout Canada. No experience rvouirel. We train you. Liberal Commission for wiling 900 guaranteed necessities. Meet all compel iUon successfully. Ambitious salesmen, write for free catalogue and plan without obligation, FAMILRX Co., St. Clement 8t., Montreal.	_____
We handle everything in these lines
Roofing Carried in Stock
Exhibitors and those intending to enter the various sections of the great program planned for this year's Central Canada Exhibition August 21—26 inclusive, are reminded of the importance of getting their entries in on or be fore the closing dates set for the reception of these entries in order that confusion and disappointment might be avoided.
Entries have been coming into the Exhibition Office steadily and there isn't any doubt that patrons of the big show will be more than satisfied with the calibre of the 1*89 Fair. It is pointed out that entries must be in the hands of the Manager, accompanied by the required fees on the dates set for closing or must bear the postmark of the date. Entries for which fees are not received before the
closing date, or entries which are late will not be accepted, but will be returned to the sender. Entiles close at 9.00, daylight saving time, on the dates specified.
Horses, classes 1 to 88, July 29 ; Horse Show, classes 80 to 156, Augusta ;-Trials of Speed, August 17 ; Cattle, Sheep and Swine, July 29; Junior Agriculture, Poultry, Agriculture, Horticulture, Dairy and other Food Products, Handicraft*, August 5 ; Women s Institutes, Hobby Show, School Children's Dept, Dog Show, Baby Show, Athletic Meet and Highland Dancing, August 12
All exhibits and placed in their proper departments by the opening day of the Exhibition or at a* time stated in the rules and regulations of each department.
Karakul Lambs Black at
Birth; Some Brown, White
Most Karakul lambs are black at birth. Still, it is not usual for them to be brown, white or spotted. Regardless of the colcfr the hair always is curly when the lamb comes into the world. The same lack of. color uniformity also I prevails in the matured herd, writes Addis Kelley in the Los Angeles Times.
The Karakul is the only sheep that produces four different types of fur: the broadtail, Persian lamb. Karakul and Astrakhan. In addition to the sale of the fur product, which requires no feed, always taken from the nursing young, the Karakul produces ten or more pounds of “hair” each year for each matured animal.
The “hair” is clipped each spring.
It is used in making Bokhara, Afghan, Persian and other oriental rugs. Fabric is also made from the “hair.” Manufacturers of the United States make Indian rugs and blankets. Great volumes of yarn are spun annually for domestic use in repairing and edging oriental products.
Karakuls are active, alert and particularly adapted to cleaning up noxious weeJs and brush. They are the hardiest variety of sheep in the world. In fact they average double the age of other breeds.
Open from
Tuesdays and Saturdays 9.00 a.m. to 11.00 p.m.
9.00 a.m. to 7.00 p.m.
DEAN BROS.
Miss Vera Klatt
Z'/i	i4//
Stark’s Corners,
Shawville R. R. No. 2.
Quebec
Phone 9-19

Shawville,
PHONE 66-w
Quebec
of Sturgeon Full», and one brother, Abe Sheppard, of Thorne.
The funeral attended by a great many old friend* of the district, was held ou Tuesday afternoon to St. Jam**' Anglican Church, where service was conducted by Rev. Donald Andrews. Interment was made in the church cemetery.
Mr. John Sheppard
You ran still get Bray Chicks In most breed*. But la»t regulir lftiU hatches are now in Incubators. Act quickly if jou want July chicks of famous fliay quality-sturdy, fast growing, early laying. Augcst hatches to order only.
Work (Clothing
The death occurred at hie late residence, Thorne township, on Sunday, July 16th, of Mr. John Sheppard, in his 74th year.
The deceased was born on the Sheppard homestead, near Otter Lake Village, and resided there practically all of his life time. He was a member of St James* Anglican Church,
Surviving are his wife, five daughters, Florence, of Ottawa ; Margaret, Beulah, Doris and Jean, At home ; six sons, Edmund and
G. HAROLD BOULTON
Bristol Egg A Poultry Association BRISTOL. OUB
Extra Hard Wearing Work Boots, full grain
leather, now at
Z
Quebec Has 309 Forest Fires
Quebec Forest Protection service announced on Friday that there
Robert, of NonmdH, James Wl|. | h»d been 8U0 f°re.t ^«thi ham, Denzil and Kenneth at home; *°ll *n(* l*,eF swePfc 1 «.,000 acres of two sisters, Mrs. J. H. Brownlee, woodlands. Only 1400 acres of of Shawville ; Mrs. Fiank Young, marketable timber was destroyed.
4 I
$2.95


\
Cemetery
Donations
Work Shirts, in blue
Chambray, which you will find very satisfactory 75c

Knox LO.L...
Mathew Sinclair Harold Wilson .
I 1 00
2 00
must be on hand
3 00
Financial Statement School Municipality of Clarendon
Year ending June 30th, 1939
Walter Fletcher, Waltham
County L.O.L...............
Mrs. Alex Elliott, Potsdam,
5 00
2 00
Overalls, good quality blue denim
V
NY
S 00
$1.50
Mrs R. G. Hodgins Mrs. James Wilson V. J. Wilson.....
5 00
Grey Drill
Work Trousers
Well made and roomy Special at
6 oo
6 oo
*
Straw Hats,
bargain at..
ASSETS
15c
Capital
Buildings and Land .. Furniture and Fixtures
• •
$1.50
$66,000 00
6,500 00
Norris B. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
101,600 00
Total......
Revenue
Cash on hand....
General Assessment
Fees.............
Arrears..........
FILL THIS SPACE
Send donations to D. J, Campbell, Treasurer
12,294 88 3,631 22 1,079 45 4,340 06
PERSONAL MENTION
Mrs. Raymond Biehler and Mr. Keith Howard, of l)nparquet. Que., are visiting at the home of tlieir mother, Mrs. Henry Howard in town.
Mr. and Mrs. Jim Johnson and children, of Mohtreal, are spending a vacation at the home of Mrs. Johnson s parent*, Mr. and Mrs. H. Imison, in town.
Mr. and Mrs. James Brown and sons, have returned to their home in South Porcupine, alter spending a two weeks’ vacation with relatives in this district.
Miss Eleanor Beckott nurse-intraining at Renfrew Victoria Hospital, is spending her vacation at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Harold Beckett.
Mr. and Mrs. Allan Callodine, daughter Lois, and Miss Mildred Baker, returned -to Toronto on Saturday after a two weeks' visit at the home of Mr and Mrs. W. J. Hayes.
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Sperrell and family, of Verdun, Que., accompanied by Mrs. Stuart Hack well, of Valcourt, Que, arrived this week to spend a vacation at the Rectory.
Mr. and Mrs Marvin Pinan, Messrs. Edwin and William Pman and the Misses Minerva and Wilma Pinan, of South Porcupine, Out., visited relatives in this district for a few weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Hamel and children, of Montreal, arrived Saturday to visit their relatives in this district. Mr. Hamel returned home Tuesday and the family will remain for two weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Kirkpatrick, of Ottawa, accompanied by the former's mother, Mra. A. Kiik Patrick, and Miss Norma Roe, are spending a vacation at Green
Lake. Kw&r
Mr David Anderson, of Youngstown, Ohio, is visiting relatives in town and vicinity.
Miss Zella Strutt, of Brock, Sask , is visiting her relatives in this district
Mr. John Howaid and sister, Rona. visited friends in Ottawa, for a few days last week.
Mrs. Wellington Howard is visiting at the home of her parents in Petawawa.
Mrs. Len Wood, of Montreal, visited her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jas. P. Connelly, during the past week.
Miss Muriel Watkins, of Montreal, is spending a three weeks’ vaca tion with Mrs. Leslie Dean, Stark’s Corners.
Miss Eftie Wilson, of Vankleek Hill, Oot, was a guest at the home of Mrs. K. H Elliott, ¦¦ past week.
Mrs. William Elliott is visiting her sister. Mrs. Andrew Carroll, at Brooklyn, N.Y., and will attend the World’s Fair.
Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Hodgins returned to Noranda on Sunday, after visiting their respective parents here.
Mr. and Mrs Geo. Giles and son, Cliff, returned to Noranda on Friday, after spending two week» with relatives here.
Mr. Richard F. Brownlee, of Red Willow, Alta., is visiting him relatives in this district after an absence of 23 years;
Mr. Mahlon Hayes, of Toronto, is spending a two weeks' vacation at the home of his parents' Mr. and Mrs. W J. Hayes.
Mr. and Mrs. Dan Brown, Mrs. Winston Hodgins and children, of South Porcupine, visited relatives In town and vicinity recently.
111,946*61
Total
LIABILITIES
$13,400 00 48,100 00
Bonds.
Surplus
61,600 00 11,945 61
Total
Mrs. R G. Hodgins, Pres. Rkv. A. F. Fokeh, Sec'ty
Surplus
$11,945 61 $48,100 00 11,945 61
Total....
Surplus^Capital Surplus Revenue

Used Cars
$60,045 61
Total
1935—Chevrolet Sedan | 1931 —Chevrolet Sedan
1937—	Pontiac Coach
1938—	Willys Pick tip 1988- Ford Tudor Deluxe 1029-Plymouth Coupe 1937-Dodge Coach
1931 — Bnick 1931 —Plymouth Sedan 1931—Dodge Sedan 1930-Ford Sedan All ready to go at reasonable prices.
RECEIPTS -
$ 2,269 16 11,889 70 4,370 79 16 16 3,024 30 206 25
7,000 00 6,506 33 457 50 114 79
Cash on hand................
Tax Collected...............
Arrears Collected...........
Intercst^on Arrears Collected
Fees H igh j School.........
Fees Clarendon ............
Loans.......................
Grants.....................
Teachers Pensions]..........
Miscellaneous.. ...........
Street Trading Custom
in Early N. Y. Market
The New York Curb exchange, second largest securities market in the United States, acquired its name from the fact that it originated as an outdoor security market. Brokers stood in the streets and on the curbs in the New York financial district while trading in stocks And bonds, says a writer in the Chicago Tribune.
The “curb” market began functioning before the Civil war. It was without forma) organization in the early days. Trading usually itarted about 8 o'clock in the morning and continued until there was no more business. After dark brokers frequently continued business in hotel lobbies.
during the
DISBURSEMENTS
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
$ 670 90 18,111 50 2,826 24 1,486 $7 1,092 65 738 18 700 00 708 51 3,000 00 98 91 1,016 22 1,200 00 2,294 88
Secretary-Treasurer.......
Teachers..................
C%reteking,;Heat and Light Furniture and Repairs.....
Supplies...............
Books .............".....
Bonds.....................
Interest on «Bonds.......
Loans.....................
Interest on Loans
Miscellaneous ... .......
New Bchod................
On Hand...................
Ford Service
Shell Sealed Oai & Oils
J. P. Wilson
One of the favorite evening meeting places for "curb” brokers was the old Fifth Avenue hotel at Twenty-third street. The corridors of the hotel eventually became known as “Gallagher's Exchange,” and trading often continued far into the night. Sf- • " •
Most of the business, however, was conducted outdoors
tl ......	.	! kers were driven frt
.Mrs, Harold Judd and son», meeting places several-times by in-Kenneth and Roy, went to Nor* I creaking traffic in the-financial die-«..da on Monday, accompanied by , The market d.d not move
¦—.......-
visit with relatives here and at
Wain Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
Miss Clarissa Mackav, of Toron accompanied by Mr. William Mr. Gilbert Armstrong returned Kinmond, returned Saturday after to Montreal on Sunday after spending a vacation at the home spending part of his vacation wiCb of her parents, Mr. and Mrs his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Welling- El I wood Maekuy, at Phillip’s Lake.
$33,843 96
$33,843 96
The balance (of $262.60 paid on New School ia included in Furnitere and Re i »iii i
Total
The bro-thei r favorite
Cedar Shingles -A full stock of
New Brunswick Cedar Shingle*#
hand R. A. GRANT, Bristol.
Good time assured to everybody at St. Edward’s Garden Party, j Bristol, Wednesday, July 20th.

on

Morley Jewell and Miss Florence White, of Montreal, were week-end guests of the former s ster, Mrs. Leslie Dean, Stark’s irners.
Mr
JOHN A. DEAN
à	Secret ary-Treasurer,	f
School Municipality of Clarendon
a definite ad ?ion was func


