###PAGE###1###
$1.50 pep annum In Advance 2.00 to the United States
I
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, JANUARY 6, 1939
No. 28, 50th Y«ak
Cowling
BORN
PERSONAL MENTION
Tho mnnnal Ventry Meeting of St. Paul’* Church will bn held In tho Guild room on Monthly evening. Jan’y Oth. at 8 o’clock.
Kim*ide Women’s Institute will meet nt tho home ot" Mrs. Hugh Rows, on Wednesday, Jnn llth, at 200 p. m. Program - A paper on Canadian Industries.
«
.	,	__ . ,	.	..	At Sh'ixvvilld Community IIospi-
Mr. Clem Ilobin, ot Ottawa, iHl, on Tlmrediy, Dei. 20tli, If08, spent Christmas at his home In ftl m,.# and Mia. Ewart llmjgitu, town.	j of Charte* is. Que., a d * lighter -
Misa Edith Blllott vixitod filends Kdmi Ro-e. in Ottawa for the Christmas vacation.
Shawvllle Hardware
; Business College
!
38 Bank Street Ottawa, Canada
The only business school in thi» district tint measures up to the standard set by the Busin Educators Association uf Canada tin? highest in tho Dominion.
Enter any time. Individual instruction
Bush Supplies
Mr, and Mrs. J. D. Russell
Mr. R. J. MuCredie, of Ottawa, Celebrate Fiftieth Wedding whs it recent guest of his sister, Anniversary ShtiWflllf Women s Institute] Mm. Donald RakerJ######*#### t WgQÊgM M
i	|
your childhood picture. Roll call Mrs. Ernest Telford and children I tiona and best wishes ol tlieii —My idea of a pood Institute meiu (,r South Porcupine, are visiting family and many relatives and her. Assisting hostesses are, Mrs. tlieir relatives in this district.	friends.
™	u""" L	EE
r. B. R. Nuise, at the Rectory. that all were home at the sime

Axes
Swede Saws Cross Cut Saws
Axe,jj Saw and Splitting Wedges
Axe and Saw Handles
Coil Chain Hooks
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
w. e. cowtmc,
President
I
i
HARLAND C. ROWAT
Miss Bessie Kelly, of Sherbrooke, | time, wain gue*t of her sister, Mis* Jean Kelley, during Christmas week.
Two Pontiac Priests Honoured '
Mr. and Mrs. Russell were miv-rind in Qnyon, December 22nd,
SHxSBr KpH-rSteH||SESil’
broke Roman Oiitholic diocesei in "rt,rth*	n pioneer home, a short distance
the recent Christmas honor? list. Mins Arlene Kilgour, teacher of from his present spacious and Also named in the list is Rev John Rupert, Que., has been visiting well-appointed residence, and cele Kimpton, parish priest of Vinton, ||er relatives for tho ChtistroasI brateu his 73rd birthday last who nas been made a Dean of the vacation.	October.
diocese.	,	. The union was blest with six
Mrs. O. A. Jewell, Montreal, is gone and three daughters, namely, visiting at the home of her datigh- Joseph, of Montreal ; Harry, of 1er, Mrs. Leslie . Dean, Stark's Toron to ; Charles, George. Roland Corners.	and Robert, of Bristol; .Mrs. Mc. ..	tx, ...	, Kay and Mrs. Osborne, of Toronto,
Pontiac County lost one of its Ottawa, spent New VearV day at^^Q %%^%y fandly at-moat prominent and revered citi-	the home of the latter s father,	tended l)ivil)e service at Bristol
zens on Tuesday night of laat	Mr. W. A Hodgins.	Memorial Church,	and this,	pro-
mm
life at Portage dll Fort, and bU	Mrjl Robt. Carswell, of Dan-	and Mm. Huewll	received	fifty
wife, Margaret Clark. At th	raven< Cal. Island, visited at the	beantifnl rones,
early age of 23 yearn, he waa elect home of Mr. and Mra. Alf Draper, l Both Mr. and Mra. Russell are ed mayor ot Portage du rort. lie during holiday week.	[enjoying fairly good health.
“"SH3
much of the municipal leghdaUon Hodgins. P. 1). F. road.	|	WÊÊÊÊÊÊfÊÊÊKKÊÊÊ^
fonndwtion1 for^theconnty'. pnwentI The Mieeee Kvelyo nnd Jennie Installation ot Otteera
He we, the l Wh^rrey. of Ottawe, were gue*t. PeBtlse Lodge A. t. * A M
at the home of Mm. Wra. Hors-Held, for the New Year holiday.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
In Lhe G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Que.
Oepick
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc,
: Campbell’? Bayt Que (In Lawn Block)
Office
Gerald H. Brab&son, ex M. P Dies in Ottawa
Est. C. J. Caldwell
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A. LL. B., C L
Advocate, Barrister, etc.
M ais Street . • Hull, Que. Phone, Sher. 1354
At Pontiac House, Shaw ville, Que 1 e ery Friday evening.
STOiCKTAjKING - SPECIALS -
DONAT Le GUERRIER
®e A.S LLf 0##
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on .request.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
Some Real Bargains Quantities Limited -
I First Here
Hurry
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SUROEOM DENTIST
Medical Building
Street
MONTREAL QUE.
solidity and worth.
role surviving member of the
Pontiac county council of him day.
He war one of those who nego. tiated fur the railway service that opened np the county ; and it was Mr. Brabason who was accorded the honor of burning the liquidât ed bonds when »e la*t instalment was paid, at m celebration at Bryson, In July. 1088 marking the county's freedom from bonded indebtedness.	¦	J
Like kis father, he bad for years commanded a place of constructive leadership in the councils of the Conservative party, and he was the logical choice as standard, bearerfor Pontiac in 19(H. Hew on the seat, and from then to 1917, be continued to represent Pontiac at Ottawa, except for a period of four years
He served on many of the more mportant Parliamentary commit* tees. He became superintendent of Government Reservoirs in the
Upper Ottawa, a position that suited his early training admirably and from which lie retired in 1084
When rebellion broke out in 1885, be enlisted and served as first lieutenant in the Volunteer Signal Corps, and setoff on the journey to the Par West serving under Lient.-Col. Jno Stoughton Dennis.
His wife, the former Miss Eleanor Prances Murphy, ««deceased him in 1918. 7	» F . t
Surviving are one brother, A. J.
Brabazon, and a sister. Miss Mary Brabazon, both of Portage dn Fort; three sons, Clarence L. Brabazon, of Humboldt, Saak,; Claude H. Bra bazoo, of Ottawa, and E. A. Brabazon, of Westlock, Alta.; and ten grandchildren.
Funeral services were conducted at the home or his son on Thursday evening by Rev. Bedford-Jones* of St. Georges Anglican Church, Ottawa. On Friday morn-
y was conveyed to Fort, where service held at 2.30 p. m. in St. George's Church. The officiating clergymen were, the rector. Rev. Tho*. Legget, and Canon W. n. Quartermal ne, of Renfrew.
T A large number were present to pay their last tribute of repeat to m beloved citizen. These included friends of long standing from Renfrew, Pembroke, Fort Con lunge, Campbeh's Bay, Bryson, Shaw-ville and Bristol.
Honorary pall bearers were, Dr. H. T Hurdman, of Bry*on : Dr. S. J. McNally and Mr. Paul McNally- of Campbell's Bay ; Messrs. H. T. Argue, O. A Howard and G. L. Hynes, of Shaw ville.
Active pall-bearers were, Messrs. Allan Cameron, Alignât Hougier, Oswald McDonald, Gordon Gib bons. Paul Tanguay and James Fraser, all of Portage du Fort.
Interment was made in the family plot In the pailbh cemetery.
were received nizations and
Rt. Wor. Bro H, Imisoo. was
season.	Officers invested and installed
HoUglD9	Treas. -Wor. Bru, J M. Argue
Sec’ty- Rt. Wor. Bro. H. Imtson 9. D.—Bro Geo A. Russell J. D Bro. Leslie Poole Stewards—Bros, C Walls and G. Science.
1. O.—Bro. A. Hamilton Tyler—Bro. David T. Hodgin**.
After the ceremony of installation, a chicken supper was ser ved in the banquet hall.
First Served Hurry -- Hurry
PLATE
OR. WALLACE J, W. HODGINS Surgeon Dentist
Sail 503,
1224 St. Catherin* Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
:
Canadian Wheeling Yarn
1,000 Skeins Canadian Wheeling Yarn AU three-ply, mostly grey, some grey
and white, j pound lianks 2 Hanks for 25c
Mr. and Mm. Lon is Moore and children, of Drummond ville, Que,, guest* at the home of Mr. and Mrs G. G. McDowell during Christmas week.
Misses Muriel Watkins and Ruth Jewell, of Montreal, spent the New Year's week-end at the home of the latter’s sister, Mrs. Leslie Dean, of Stark's Corners.
Miss Ernbyle Eades, Reg. N.. returned to New York on Wednesday after spending the Christmas vacation with her father, Mr. Tho» Eudes and other relatives.
Mr. and Mrs. Ba*il Robin and family and Mr. Cyril Robin, returned Friday after visiting their relatives in town Returning they were accompanied by their ®i®ter, Mrs. Amy Barnett
were
BELAI* 3 >57
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon -
SHAW VILLE
1
Phone 81,
JAMES A. MILLAR
Cards of Buttons
500 Cards Buttons—all kinds—Specal
1 cent per Card
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
I.L.L.
ADVOCATE. BARRISTER, etc.
Hull,Que.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
At Moyle's Hotel, Campbell's Bay, every Wednesday morning.
B. A
• •
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
129 MainSt.,
Clearing lot
• • • • • • •
Ladies Winter Goats
12 Only Ladies Winter Coats, Regular $19.95 to (27.50 Out they go at $13.50 Up
At Campbell's Bey from Friday night to Monday night of each week.
Shawville Seniors Defeat Fort Coulonge
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHJ E, 2 -2219
H. K. NEIL80N, M.D.
The	hockey game of the
season played at Shawville arena
night, the local team
e by a score game
189 MAIM STREET,
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat Specialist
MEDICAL AHTS BUILDING
ton pi Frida
defeated HHH of 4 to 2 in an
y nigiu, u:
Foct Coulonge oy exhibition The goal* were scored for Shaw ville bv Hubert Dale, Lindsay Dale, Kemmie Elliott, Lawrence Young and for Fort Coulonge by R Davis and M. Dempsey.
The lineups were :
Shawville—Goal, Rouleau, defence, H. Dale .and D McRae; centre, HynJman ; wing*, L Dale and Langford ; sub-s D. Pokes, Elliott, Storey Young.
Fort Coulonge — Goal. Morel ; defence, T Davis and E. Davie ; centre, Neville ; wings, Demp^y and B Smith ; Fiibs, Doyle, G Smith, Gervais, Ladmicenr.
Mr. Morland Hodgin® handled the game.
on
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proud foot’s Hotel, Campbell# Hay, every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p.m. At Poutiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m.
ONT.
OTTAWA, -
PHONE, 2-7961
Men’s Goat Sweaters
25 Only Men's Coat Sweaters, Some with zippers etc., Regular $4.00 value
ing the bod Portage du
was HHMI
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
3Dletrlet of Poaatiac
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
CLARENCE T. BROWNLEE
RW’RBSKNTINO
MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE Co.
OF CANADA
Phone20-7, R. 1, Shawville, Que.
$2.95
for
w#
REMXAXTS-—Yes all kinds of them
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
Instructions in Music
Change in Cede For Nominations
REPRESENTING COMPANIES i
Strong
Experienced ;
Dependable Through Generations
PHYLLIS CAVILL WEAVER, L.M.M.
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
Teacher of Piano and Theory of Music. Pupils prepared for examinations. Aleo lessons given in Spanish and Hawaiian Guitar.	I I
According to a change in the new Municipal Code, nomination* for Mayors and Councillors for Quebec municipalitirs will be held on the *e mud Wednesday in January, 11 tb Inst., instead of the second Monday, as was the custom hetaiofnre
Voting will be held on Monday, January 16ih,
Quebec
Shawville
Wesleyan Parsonage Shawville Que.
SHAWVILLE - QUE
tçtibUtes
Floral
ïmL»

###PAGE###2###
New Year’s Dinner Menu Contest Winners
Second Krite Goes to Miss Janet Whftelew, R.R. 1, Elora, Ontario
out to her Louse In order to watch over her. What h* saw had awakened in him a great anger, but he could not make up his mind what to do about It until Inspiration came from his reading. He was Jacob, and Jacob, so he read, slew the son of Hamor for the same tin that Ethridge had done. As a mark of approval. God had revealed Himself to the slayer and had made him great. Once the doorman had realised that this was a divine command. peace came to his soul and he calmly prepared to obey. He bought a revolver — Jacob told where and when—and on the Thursday night Ethridge had called on Hazel he took the trolley, rode to the end of the line, and laid In wait at a spot where nothing could intervene to prevent him from doing the will of God. But he wore no robe and no disguise. When he had killed Ethridge he laid a cross upon the body aud prayed over It, then he trudged all the way back to tow n—the electric cars had ceased running by that time. At the first bridge on the way back he had dropped his revolver into the stream. Jacob described the exact spot and said the weapon could easily be recovered.
. That was about all. He voiced no regrets; on the contrary, he was genuinely exalted and it was plain that he anticipated no punishment whatever for having done God's bidding.
(To be concluded next week)
The Goose Woman
by REX BEACH
*
\
cool When the mixture begin» to set. fold In the dried beets end the cut celery snd turn Into cold wet molds Serve un molded ©ft lettuce with mayonnaise, garnished with celery rurls
“PLAN OP MENU"
FRUIT UUP
ROAST TURKEY jEH OYSTER STUFFING FI CRANBERRY SAUCE MASHKO POTATOES GLAZED CARROTS MOLDED BEKT AND CELERY
SALAD
PLUM PUDUINU FRUITS AND NUTS GREEN PEAS PICKLES AND OLIVES STERLING SAUCE CANDY	I
COFFEE •
OYSTER STUFFING
U cupful bacon fat.
3 tablespoonsful chopped onions 2 quarts of bresd cubes 2 cupfuls of milk In which 1% cupfuls of oysters have been cooked. Salt and Pepper to taste
to cupful of water taken from that In which 2 cupfuls of celery, cut Into small pieces, were cooked.
(The quantities given are for a small turkey 1.	W
Scald the milk, add the oysters and cook until the edges curl. Remove the oysters and cut Into small pieces. Cut the celery Into small pieces and cook In a little boiling water until tender.
Melt the bacon fat and add the chopped onion, and fry until golden brown. Add the bread cubes, the milk from the oysters, and the liquid from the celery.
The bread should be moist but not soggy. More or less liquid may be needed depending on the dryness of the bread. Add the cooked 'oysters and celery, season to taste with salt and pepper, cover and cook, stirring constantly for about 7 minutes until there are no hard bits of bread left In the stuffing.
Either fish or canned oysters may be used.
MOLDED BEET AND CELERY
SALAD
to tablespoon of gelatine 2 tablespoonfuls of cold water % cupful of boiling water to teaspoonful of salt tablespoonful of sugar to teaspoonful of prepared mustard
2 tablespoonfuls of mild vinegar 2 tablespoonfuls of chopped onion 2 cupfuls of cooked beets, diced to cup of finely cut celery Soak the gelatine In cold water for 6 minutes, add the boiling water and the salt and the sugar and stir until dissolved. Add the mustard, vinegar and onion and set aside to
"Æ

â
Hamel Inquired sharply.
"I'm Jacob!" The old man's answer was broadcast to all his
llstenerdHpl crept into his voice as he quoted: 44 'Break thou the arm of the evil man'!
with Jacob's daughter and I slew him—"
CHAPTER XXI
There was a chorus of assent and Mrs. Holmes read In the faces before her a unanimity of opinion that dismayed her.
“But I'll swear to It," she faltered. “You've sworn to one story—"
Dimly the woman realised that the promptings of that mother love which had finally assumed shape within her, Instead of saving her eon had merely served to completely discredit her, and if anything to lessen her chance of assisting him. Again she experienced that wretched feeling of impotence, of frustration. With this feeling the animal in her came to life, blazed Into fury.
“You—you fools!
•he stammered shrilly. "You're doing your best to make a murderess of me. So Is Vogel •han't. He's my boy! woman. I've been a bad mother to him, but he's fine and clean—you shan’t hurt him. He's a genius; he has my talents and his father's. It's not his fault that I'm a vain, ¦elfish old—He didn’t send me to the dogs! Publish my story, every word of it! D you hear? It's the truth and I'll fight you. I’ll fight Vogel. You shan’t hurt him. You •han't! He’s mine— mine." Her voice, which had risen steadily, cracked, became an incoherent cry of anguish. With her clenched fists •he pounded weakly at the arms of her chair and her face was horribly distorted.
•TERUMO SAUCE
to cupful of butter 1 cupful of brown sugar 4 tablespoonfuIs of cream I teaspoon fu I of vanilla Cream the butter until light, add the brown sugar and continue the creaming until the mixture la very light and fluffy. Add the cream very gradually, stir In the vsniUa end serve with plum pudding. — Mise Janet Whltelaw. R.R, 1, Flora, Out-arlo.
A \ peculiar resonance
A vi
He wrought folly in lying

A Religious Fanatic
“Jacob!" the girl walled. She hid her face In her trembling hands, for now she understood. To think that even he believed her guilty!
The others were slower, but they, too, finally grasped what It was the old doorman was trying to tell them. They shot questions at him; they scribbled down his answers. Some one dashed to the telephone and put in a call for Vogel. Mary Holmes strained forward, clutching at Jacob's arm; her lips were moving, her eyes were riveted upon bis face.
Stripped of Its garbled Biblical quotations, the old fellow's story was simple and easy to follow, and It bespoke a mind deranged but not wholly unhinged— the mind of a religious fanatic hearers doubted the truth of his words.
x
&


X


I

»
MRS. S. T. JORDAN, CHURCH ST. MARKHAM, ONT., WINS THE THIRD PRIZE
$
SB
GRAPEFRUIT JUICE ROAST GOOSE BROWN GRAVY p| PLAIN BOILED POTATOES . TURNIPS (MASHED)gMl BEETS PIQUANTE CELERY APPLE SAUCE PICKLED WALNUTS é ..PLUM PUDDING WITH HARD..
SAUCE
GRAPES - RAISINS NUTS - CANDIES
You idiots!"


1
I
But you I'm a bad





i
5868

% •,

<
295Ô
Not one of his
Winter Season Dangerous For Home Mishaps
More Fatal Injuries Occur in the Home During Winter Months Than at Any Other Time of Year
TEA
BEETS PIQUANTE
3 medium beets cooked in sailed water till tender
to cup water beets were took# fu, cut beets Into cubes, reheat is the following sauce 2 tablespoons butter 2 tablespoons Corn Starch to cup vinegar to cup cream 1 teaspoon sugar to teaspoon salt
Few grains cayenne pepper. Good!
FROZEN PLUM PUDDING Mix one tablespoonful corn starch, two tablespoonfuls of sugar, half teaspoonful salt Pour over this stirring all the time, one plmi hot milk, with two tablespoonfule of corn syrup. Cook over hot water till well done. Add two eggs slightly beaten. Let cook three or four minutes. Remove from stove. Adi half cup Sultana raisins (which bave been soaked In boiling water (er 10 minutes) also add half cup of almonds, flavour with one tablespoonful vanilla, when cold add one pint cream and freexe as usdal. — Mrs. S. T. Jordan, Markham, Ontario.
The New Moulded-Line Slip With Fitted Waistline
No Regrets
He loved Hazel and he had mistrusted Ethridge; he had moved
By LOUISE LENNOX
A perfect costume slip with beautifully smooth line to flatter your new frocks. The low-cut brassiere top, moulds the bosom. It has a slim diaphragm—fitted to give the “nipped-in” waistline. The slim supple skirt, with snug hips, flares for walking comfort. Just a few easy steps to sew it. The cost is so moderate! Choose from the dark street shades of washable silk crepes and crepe satin as well as from the pastels. They’re smart this season!
Style No. 2958 is designed fôr sizes 14, 16, 18, 20 years, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40, 42 and 44 inches bust Size 36 requires 2to yards of 39-inch material.
Send fifteen cents (15c), (coin is preferred) for pattern, to Peerless Patterns, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your name, address and style number. Be i:ure to state site you wish.
Smiles Sold Him Short,
Nobody Will Believe Her Efforts to calm her hysteria were futile. Somebody hurried for a glass of water. One of the attorneys drew Hazel aside and tried to tell her something, but she understood nothing of what he said, for her own agitation equaled that of Gerald's mother. She clung to the old doorman at her side, sobbing.
“Jacob! Jacob! It's too late. Nobody’s going to believe her.”
The confusion abated somewhat. A man was telephoning for the bouse doctor and the reporters were preparing to leave, when Jacob Riggs stepped forward and spoke to Mrs. Holmes.
“Don't take on so, Miz' Holmes. Jerry's innocent and I ain't going to let anything happen to hlm. I know how you feel. It's the same with me and Hazel. She was given to me as a daughter, and according to Ruth, ‘a daughter is better than •even sons
Miss Woods turned her tear-stained face towards the speaker; men who were leaving paused to listen.
“The Lord struck down Amos Ethridge, for he was an evil-doer and he delighted in his wickedness. But Jerry wasn't His instrument. He used Jacob, the son of Isaac. Ethridge was a prince of the eountry like Shechem, the son of Hamor. He saw Jacob's daughter and he took her and his soul clave •nto her. The Bible tells you what Jacob done. Jacob slew him and the Lord was ;%!eased and He told Jacob to arise and go up to— to somewhere and build an altar. If Vogel and the policemen had read Ibeir Bibles they'd know who killed Amos Ethridge, the son of Hamor, for It's all written down. The proof’s there. They can’t blame Jerry."	*
“What are you talking about ?”
Fatal injuries In the borne occur more frequently In the winter than In any other season of the year, according to the statisticians 6f the Mertopolltan Life Insurance Company. They explain that a large proportion of the Injuries result from accidents associated with home heating plants and various heating appliances, although the higher mortality Is also attributable In some degree to the fact that during cold weather people spend a greater part of their time Indoors, thereby increasing their exposure to the hazards of the home.
The statisticians enumerate some of the factors causing the fatal Injuries as follows:
1
m
ipyiE ,
Suffocation, Burns Burns and suffocations suffered In home conflagrations Jt/j| one third of the deaths from these causes occur In December and In
about
Every 10th Child Said In Poverty
with these subjects. You can obtain any of them by sending a 3c stamp for each one required: Red seing In Spots; How to Slim; Bust Development; Superfluous Hair; Bye Beauty; Hand Beauty; Your Hair; Feet Care; Underweight; Face Care. Ask about your own beauty problems, at the same time.
Please mention this paper, and write to; Barbara Lynn, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto.
• M

January.
Burns, exclusive of those suffered In burning structures — nearly cm e-half of these fatalities from these causes take place during December, January. February and March.
Inhaling Illuminating and other poisonous gas — more than one-half of these deaths occur during the four months of December-March inclusive. One of the particular hazards Is inadequate ventilation caused by persons sleeping with windows closed.

Canadian Welfare Council Estimates 350,000 Little Folks Are in Want Throughout the Dominion
The Secrets
Smiles, rich friends, Influence In high places. Handsome Larry Kent never missed an opportunity to utilize all of these in the business of salesmanship. And then Larry found a time when no power daunted. Facing the crisis of his life, he was utterly helpless. His smiles had sold him short, told in the dramatic serial spotlighting the heartache trail of the careless driver®.

Good Looks

One child in every 12 in Canada lived in the poverty of insecurity of a home dependent upon public aid or charity for the bare essentials of food and shelter. Close to 40,000 more were without the security of normal family life which even the poorest home could give. This was the estimate given last week at Ottawa by the Canadian Welfare Council, national clearing house for welfare work in Canada.
## In Ho

h


She Won Renown
Ae Truck Driver
fyoAvlrOHû.

What happened Is
HENSALL, Ont.—A quarter of a million miles is a lot of driving for anyone, hut when a woman drives a truck that far withodt an accident she merits recognition, according to officials of the Aftn* motive Transport Associât!##. So last month when the association met in Toronto, Mrs. Irene Harvey, of Hensall, was made a member of the Legion of Safety.
The Legion of Safety is an honorary organisation of truckmen who have driven five years without an accident Mrs. Harvey, to the 10 years since she fired an incompetent driver from her husband’s truck and took over the controls herself, has driven about 250,000 miles without even a dented fender.
FOOD FOR BEAUTY
To moat of us, dieting Is synonymous with redoing! However, the food has much to do with the quality of our skin, teeth, hair and our eyes.
The first axiom of beauty, aa U !• of good health, Is to maintain the system clear. Fresh fruit and vegetables should be taken regularly. Dried prunes and figs are excellent too, and bran will supply necessary roughage.
MUk Is a good aid to beauty, and raw eggs will make teeth strong and help to prevent decay, as well aa Improve the texture and growth of the hair.
Some foods are definitely harmful to the looks and should either be avoided or eaten but rarely. And highly seasoned dishes, rich sauces, fried foods — all spell danger to beauty. Too much meat la unwise, and pastries and confections need to be taken only sparingly.
If you have an oily skin, avoid fried and rich foods; take lota of bran, fruit and salads Instead.
Women with dry skin# will benefit considerably by eating plenty of butter and cream. Almond and hraail out# are good. too. V J
Vegetables such aa spinach, car-rota. turnips and leaf lettuce bring extra sparkle to the eyes. Liver and klndney are helpful, too.
The following leaflets are very Informative and deal completely
Fashion Flashes
Hit-Run Love
In fur garments, walstlength slim but not fitted boleros look newest, done In black Persian and more occasionally, black, ermine, or seal, and worn with black wool dresses. Similar shapes are seen In mink. Most are collarless or with very small shawl or band neckline, and simple sleeves, wrist or bracelet length.
!¦¦¦|	On Relief
“In our child population of approximately 3,400,000, the tragic total of children in need of some form of social care numbers 350,-000—one in 10 of all the children in our land’/ Mrs. C. H. Thori burn, member of the council’* board of governors, said. “Of these, 250,000 are in homes on relief, and 12,000 are children of war pensioners receiving similar aid. There are 40,000 in fatherless homes supported by mothers* allowances, and 9,000 are born annually to unmarried mothers,’*
Appeal to Help
To alleviate the lot of these handicapped children whose homes have been broken or unduly strained by tragedy and despair, the Welfare Council has launched an appeal to Canadian women in a nation-wide effort to stimulate and strengthen needed services for children through the council’s own Division of Child Care and Protec-
COMING . . .
Watch for It in this paper
Spanish Women and Children Were Killed By These Bombs


!
Fox or skunk combined with felt or fabric and the fur used so that it Juts forward over the forehead are already well established in millinery fashion.



6*$



Silver fox wraps are still numerous. Many muffs are predicted for later, but so far not carried In town.







l


Pleats are a feature In the Lelong collection, with several blouses In tiny box pleats and youthful suits with short fitted 'jackets and pleated skirts, suggesting a continuation of this silhouette In jacket and-skirt “matchmates."


*

i\

t
ion.




Schoolgirl blouse types of white dimity are among the many blouses reported on the Malnbocher collection. Fitted afternoon chiffons in gathered and draped Ideas are also mentioned.	8 •' v
g
Just Harried!

%

"Please don't shoot—we’re just married/* was chalked on the back of the car in which Mr. Charles Tunatall Evans, Birmingham-bora senior British official, left Jerusalem for his honeymoon.



- -


Dressed Mutton
World’s most unusual wardrobe L tiat maintained by Sir Frederick McMaster, New South Wales sheep rancher—for his sheep! He “temper the wind to t.he shorn lamb” by clothing his flocks In cotton duck coats or rugs after they have been dipped, and finds that by done gets longer, cleaner, and tipless fleece, and also better mutton. iiSRsSp-''. I 8
Yes, Sir
EE RIVE SyripJ
Is my ^
BB morning
cereal
9 sweetener.
KOHOL
in the great struggle life, everything depends on the

ht
NERVOUS?


s*e you appear to be; bet don't

i
*


II natural
KO
I
ow you went to imisf irritable? Du you eeeid
II»
Are

shades, etas
hack to hair Its lost youth. Bold
I
cv-.
6
II your ***** are ee edge, try HNKHAfti’S VEGETABLE CO It eftea helps Meters sake quivering serves.
For three geeermlioee see wo mam has told another how to go ¦ m, :	through** with
Lydia t: Piakhaml Vegt-tahi# < .rn|» ,un<i It Wp* Matiure toes op the system, thu*
Int the dncemfwtii free* the feaetiemml dfe-. « whi-h	n meet rndure
LYDIA
MPOUW


II A III III K,
at all d r u


I
ing so
#41# niaeley
MSS
bombing plane, showing ngwHpl aerial armada,

stores an
beauty parlors.


A picture made from an accompanying two bombers of General Francisco Franco’s

Issue No. S3—*38
t hr


•i:i:


ABLE i
VI
B
k

###PAGE###3###


V
Germany now leads the worlJ in the number of bicycle ownei », there being 16,000,000, while Britain has 10,000,000, France 7,500,000, Japan 6,000,000, and Italy 4,000,000.	W
Cancer Cauie* Must Recapture
Every Ninth	World Markets When ^ *3cotch
n - u	I	___ Her owned by Dare Doney, b
l/e&tlt Mere | «------A—I. I the rabbit goe# after Mm
and Sandy doaan’t stop to argue.
boats, far out in the lake, and thorn dragged ashore.
8. And he entered one of the
boats, which was Simon's, and Mb ed him to put out a little from the land. And he sat down and taught the multitudes out of the boat
“Master”!
4. And when be had left speaklag he said unto Simon, Put out late the deep, and let down your nets for a draught. 8. And Simon answered and said, Master, we tolled all night, end took nothing; but at thy word I will let down the nets. It was all right for our Lord to take the leading place that day when it came to the mater of the preaching and teaching, but Peter was not quite so keen about the Lord's making suggestions regarding the fishing business, in which Peter had spent all of his working life, and about which, humanly speaking, Jesus was supposed to know very little.
8. And when they had done this, they Inclosed a great multitude of fishes; and their nets were breaking; 7. and they beckoned eat# their partners in the other beat, that they should come and help them. And they came, and filled both the boats, so that they began to sink, everything here turns upon the revelation of a mastery of nature claimed by Jesus.
8 But Simon Peter, when he saw
Sunday School

Lesson
culture Will Have to
• Stage •
ment is to ba Achieved in

Was Second Highest Cause of



Y
By William F§r&*on
This Curious World
LESSON I
Peler Called to Serve -
42; Luke 8:1-11
Bolden Text — "Come ye after me, and ! will make you to become fish-are of men.” Mark 1:17.	- ;
the lesson in its setting
Time — The conversation of Je* with the three disciples took place la February, À.D. 27. The late Professer David Smith says that the Interview with John and Andrew took place on the Sabbath day, and the Interview with Simon Peter on the day following. The miracle of the phenomenal draught of fishes occurred In April, A.D., 28.
Plaee — The interview of Jesus with the three disciple# was at ofr near Bethany, beyond Jordan, near whera Christ had been * baptized.
The miracle of the great draught of fishes occurred on the Sea of Galilee, not far from the city of Os-


John 1:88-
TORONTO.—-One ont of every nine people who died is Cased* last year was a victim of can which is now the second highest cause of death in this country.
This toll of nearly 1,000 a month could be cut to 600 according to Dr. C. C. Rose, Executive Secretary of the Canadian Society for the Control of Cancer, the new organisation that has been established under the sponsorship of the Canadian Medical Association and with the co-operation of prominent medical men and laymen in every province.
Half of the present deaths could be prevented if people would see thier medical advisers for early diagnosis of the slightest symptom, submit to a periodic health examination and obtain adequate treatment In the early stages.
View Lumps With Suspicion
Cancer of the lip, he said, emrred mainly in men and usually among pipe smokers. If a pip* smoker developed a soreness, hard •pot, crack or ulcer on his which would not heal, he sho at once see a doctor. C sneer of the mouth occurred among people who did not keep their mouths clean, he said.
Lumps, swellings or masses appearing anywhere onQthe body should be viewed with suspicion. Perhaps not at first cancerous, they might change In time and become cancers. Warts, moles sad birthmarks were harmless uni they suddenly started te grow. Sudden indigestion in people past forty, who had had healthy stomachs all their lives, was the commonest symptom of cancer in the food passages.
Full* employment will not likely bo achieved Is Canada until pralr lo agriculture baa once more a profitable relationship to world markets, Dr, W. A. Mackintosh, profqp-eor of economics at Queen's University, Kingston, Ont„ said in an address at Winnipeg last week.
Relative importance of the west in the Canadian economy bad been lessened since tbs war by expansion of the plup and paper and mining industries in Ontario, Quebec and British Columbia, he said In a paper delivered before the prairie markets conference.
Our Dependence on West
ft?
NORTH
AMERICA
8
I
MORE THAN
•Five
HUNDRED
DIFFERENT
•us

OF
nat/k/e:
I
!
It was unlikely, he added, that the west would resume its former dominant position, the west continued to hold a vital relationship to the national economy.
“Whole sections of manufacturing Industry, transportation and of a great many other Industries are dependent tor substantia! portions of their markets oa western Caw
*
0.
Nevertheless,
IS a NOUN;
perneua.
Tbe lesson opens st the very outset ol the public ministry of the Lord Jesus Christ. Is this first eh spier of John's Gospel we here recorded the eerly ministry of Jobs the Bsplist end the bsptlsm of J»

Lv %
mNTRAR/
TO
POPULAR
OPfNON,
It fell down at Jesus' knees, ear
Inf, Depart from ma; for I am a sinful mam, 0 Lord. I. For he was amazed, and all that were with him, at the draught of the fishes which they had taken; 16. and so ware also James and John, sons of Zeba-dee, who were partners with Simon. As with Peter, so with all believers. The hour of the revelation of Jesus' grace and love are the tl of the deepest abasement, those times are for the most part not at the beginning, but in the later progress of the life of faith.
Flshere of Men
10. And Jesus said unto Simon, Fear not; from henceforth thou •halt catch men. The Lord speaks of the unknown la terms of the known. He uses their Intimate ae* qualntance with their dally occupation to unfold to them the nature of the work to which he was calling
3
ada,” he said.
sus.
Now occurs an event of the greatest significance. Two followers of Jehm the Baptist, as soon as they heard what their master said about Jesus, turned from the forerunner ef Christ to Christ himself.
40.	Cue of the two that heard John speak, and followed him, was Andrew, Simon Peter's brother.
Me Brought Hie Brother
41.	Be flndeth first his own brother Simon. Andrew In a few hours' fellowship with Jesus had become persuaded that this person Jesus was nene other than the Messiah, Of whom all the Old Testament writers prephesled.
41. Aid smith unto him, We have found the Messiah (which la, being Interpreted, Christ
41 He brought him unto Jesus. This was the greatest thing that Andrew ever did. Andrew was not a great man, but he brought one of the greatest of the apostles to the feet of Jesus.
41 Jesus looked unto him. The face of Jesus searched men and discovered the secrets of their hearts. And said, Thou are Simon the son of John. The apostle John In this very Gespel says of Jesus, "He needed not that any one should bear witness concerning man; for he himself knew what was In man.” (2:26).

Electrification
Of Rural Areas In Nova Scotia
!

y
ifj* tv MCA envicf. me.
THEBK&iCFht fSSvettFa BEESS77MSEG
/-if
b Bamg Provided at a Cost Lew Than Thai fa Any Other
from PUNCTURING ONES skin.
Rural electrification services in Neva Scotia are being provided at a cost less than that in any other* Canadian province, J. J. Doolan, general superintendent of the light and power division of the Nova Scotia Light and Power Company told the Halifax branch of the Engineering Institute of Canada.
Contrasting the amount and method of Government aid to utilities companies of Ontario and and Nova Scotia, Doolan said that Ontario gave a grant-in-aid of 50 per cent, of the cost of the completed line. And needed addition to the service charge also was assumed and loans for wiring made fanners.
THE word anthracite Is derived from the Greek anthrax, meaning "coaL" Since It le a noun, it is incorrect to say “anthracite coal.” When referring to hard coal, the word anthracite to, sufficient Bituminous, however, being an adjective, should be followed by the word coeL
King Will Speak Very Little Here
t
11. And when they had brought their boats to land, they left all, and followed him. Jeeus would have every Christian be a fisher of men.
Public Addresses to be Reduced To Minimum During
Tdur
Illustrious Jurist
Canadian Authoress Dies
10 Male ances-
King George is desirous of cutting his speech-making on his Canadian tour to the irreducible minimum, it Is understood.
Presumably, when tbs King does •peak, briefly, for five or ten minutes on occasion, arrangements will be made by the C B C. for carrying his words across the Dominion, to the United Kingdom, to the British Dominions and possibly also to other parts of the world.
The King will likely make at least four short speeches, at Quebec when he lands, at some function at Ottawa, at some point In the West and at Halifax before he sails with Queen Elisabeth for home.
Queen Elizabeth, It Is recalled, made a favorable impression In both the United Kingdom and other parts of the Commonwealth with her speech in substituting (or King George during tho Chechoclovakian crisis at the launching of the Qu Elisabeth, sister ship of the Qneam Mary, in Scotland this fall. Possibly an opportunity will be afforded Queen Elizabeth also to speak over the air while In Canada.
HORIZONTAL I. 6 Famous American Judge.
11	Street car.
12	CHrus fruit.
14 Related by
blood.
16	Large stringed Instrument.
17	Sheaves.
18	Fairy.
18 Kind.
20 Spinning ' machine.
22	Measure.
23	Northeast
24	His father
' was the fa-

tors.
(îlHSO
iiMbira
11 He was a Ub-
I N
•n
oral
his life (pi.). 13 Males.
13 He was In
r.'ti
$2.50 Per Kilowatt Hoar By the Nova Scotia Rural Electrification Act, domestic service charges over $1.25 were bonused and the Provincial Treasury paid extra costs in servicing any district where there were three customers per mile and a potential of six customers.
Rates in Nova Scotia were "particularly good." In Ontario the coat for a small farm was about I2.S0 a kilowatt hour. In Nova Beotia the small farm could get the same service for $2.10.
LORD
L

when
his
he died.
20	To classify.
21	Reckless.
24 Compacts.
26 Covered stall 28 Mortise tooth. 30 Engraver's
ma
Tibi
A New Name
42. Thou shall be called Cephas (which is by interpretation, Peter). Our Lord, In giving Simon a new name, gave him a new hope.
1. Now it came to pass while the multitude pressed upon him and heard the word of Ood, that he was standing by the lake of Gennesar-et; 2. and he saw two boats standing by the lake; but the fishermen had gene out of them, and were washing their nets.	4
The principal industry in Jesus' time was fishing. The nets most commonly used by the Galilean fishermen, when boats were available, were what were called dragnets, each net being hung in a semicircle between two or more



kTj

o



tool.

32 Classical language.
34 To pot again.
38	Theater platform.
39	Linked necklace.
42	Sloths.
43	Nominal value
44	Male cat
45	Provided.
46	Frozen water.
47	To bow.
49 Sick.
30 Spain.
52 Compass point

Court 54 His middle name.
VERTICAL
36	Oak.
37	Opposed to
M
lee.
mous
of the same 39 Fragments
l l l lllllllll wood.
40 Within.

«
1	Pope's scarf.
2	Small bird. „ 3 Little devil.
name.
35 To pierce HHHHH T with a knife. 41 Nay.
27	Southeast 23 Sailor.
28	To weep.
31 To choose by 50 Starch.
51 Plant shoot.
33 Mohammedan 53 He was Jus-
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦Mke of the
U. S. A.
Making Probe
Of Marketing
A writer of wide renown, Lady WWilson died suddenly st her Toronto home. She was widely known throughout Canada and recognised as one of the Dominion's foremost literary critics.
42 Form of "a.
# Aristocratic.	¦¦¦
48 Musical note. 5 To relax.
6	Comets. ##
7	Assault.*
8	Geographical drawing.
9	Pieces out.
4 To run away.
ballot.
m 3 Preparation for the Coming Season of Parliament
i t
nymph.
35 To declaim.
May Learn Even Better at Forty
Are You Listening?
Canadian agricultural marketing problems are now being specially studied by leading offloèale of the Dominion Agricultural Department at the request of Hon. James O. Gardiner, Minister.
Gardiner receives the report of hi# officiale he will consider whether a general marketing act is to be Introduced at the coming session of Parliament.
While It was ruled ultra vires of the Federal Parliament by the Privy Council the Natural Products Marketing Act Is still on the Dominion statute books.
Livestock a Problem
One agricultural marketing problem which Is engaging the special attention of departmental officials Is that with regard to livestock shout which there has been eo much talk In recent years, problem is of special interest to the Prairie Provinces, as well as Ontario.
By FREDDIE TEE
Dr. B. A. Corbett, of Toronto, director of the Canadian Association tor Adult Education, speaking last week before the Women's Canadian Club of Sudbury, said he believes that "adult education Is as old as the wisdom of man, but It is a term that has been in use for only ten or fifeen years."
Sweeping the World Dr. Corbett declared that adult education "Is a movement whleh is sweeping the world, and a movement that Is most urgent In the Dominion of Canada." The speaker traced the movement from Its conception In Scotland as s modern school about 110 years ago, adding: "We know now that education Is not static, but progressive, that a man may be better able to learn a! 40 than at 20."
After Mr.
Slant» Here and There
Old Country Station»
The new interest created, la listening to foreign radio reception over short-wave, is really amazing. This is the result of the new Deforest Crosley Spread-Band dial which has six individual spread-bands "stretched" out to approximately 9" wide (five ef these devoted to each of the short-wave channels). This of course, makes foreign stations as easy to tune in w New York er Chicago. Owners of these new 1989 "Music Master Series" Deforest Crosley Radios are getting a renewed tick eut of range" reception.
Anthony Eden was an interested spectator at Sophie Tucker's recent broadcast. La Tucker became acquainted with Eden while she was playing in Europe and the meeting was in the nature of a re-union.
Elsie Thompson, CBS organist, has been bitten with the composing urge and spends her spare time turning out aitties. < ;• NBC Conductor frank Black is an ardent worshipper of the classics, but one of his novel quar-— let arrangements of "Dinah," which he created for The Revelers in 1924, made Tlie Revelers famous the world over.
Rosemary Stuart Lambright, 19-year-old NBC actress who has just been added to the cast of Kitty Keene, IncgBjMR Wtt descendent of Mary, Queen of Scotland. Only 19, she has been on the air for two years.
- . p	Fanny Brice	'
Fanny Brice, the Baby Snooks I ef NBC* Good News of 1989 program, Is intensely interested if Interior decoration and supervised the ftmishing of her ww home hs titi Air, California, in her
s&s iczr *
All the batons in radio are net swung by men. Out in fort Wayne, Indiana, a pretty girl In her early twenties is music director of Station WOWO, NBC affiliate. Her name ia Jeanne Brown and she’s been boss of music at WOWO since the station opened Be new studios.
7

ï
The
"long
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—A Matter of Change
ii REDUCE |
is a direct
•>
w
to
' vs
REDUCED TO WALKING*

NO !
T

J


«6

ête

*
z
nil »

/
i

v>
ze-a.
i
!r



###PAGE###4###
i*e that in tour of slightly more than liree weeks it could not be expee'ed hey would be able to meet much re quests.
The two main objectives, the Prime dimater said, would be to permit as many people as possible, especial y children to see the Kmg and Queen, and to permit Their Majesties to see us much if Canada as time permits.
THE EQUITY
HODGINS
GARAGE
Where to Buy Flour
SHAWVILLE, JAN 5.1938
Quebec provincial police announce» List week that mat ructions had bee: received from the Attorney General * Department to halt all “bingo game* operating in Montreal district, both b> hutches and private individuals'.
\>Xt time you want a ht^ of Good FtoVtt, Ht a t>asonablo price, w« suggest that you bin it from anyone of the following dealers, who happens to be nearest to you .
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
Cocaïne Produced From
Dried Leaves of Shrub
tained from the dried leaves of . oca, a shrub that grows most com-
Fort Ooulonge
Ladysmith
Olarendon
Bristol
Weirstead
Otter Lake
Blmside
Amyotte Bros.
V. W. Brntziaff Clarendon Roller Mills R A. Grant Leo McCaffrey M. Richard H. I. Smith
foreign souvenirs
likely to be popular during the visit of
l =r œïs
ulant, like very strong tea or coffee, *nd afterward narcotic. Its principal mediçal use is as a local anesthetic, writes Guy Murchie, Jr., According to figures released at the jn Chicago Tribune. In surface nd of December by Royal Canadian application on mucuous membrane. Mounted Police, more than 2,200 especially on the inside of the nose, panons applied in Quebec for naturalisa-	is particularly effective, and
lion papers during 1938, almost doubling aVery one j5 familiar with its syn-he figures of 1934.	hetic derivative, novocain, which is
videly used by dentists In extract-ng teeth.
The great danger in cocaine, of Old age pensioners have drawn on course, is the fact that it is habit-public funds to the tune of $52,958.564, forming, though in a different way since the inception of the Pensions Act than is opium, for, unlike opium, •n August, 1936. Since the pension for cocaine does not cause bodily agony blind persons was passed in October, and violent sickness in its addicts 1937, $341,515 has been paid out to *ho fail to take their accustomed hose eligible.	dose. Instead it grips the addict
with an intense mental craving and a nervous restlessness that few can stand for long. And as the addict continues his habit of snuffing up cocaine (or, worse still, injecting it) “Viewed as a whole, our 1938 business he increasingly develops insomnia, vas generally satisfactory, despite un- decaying moral and mental power, tiled conditions in many parts of the and emaciation until he dies.
-vorld,’ declared Wallace R Campbell, Narcotic agents call cocaine the president of the tord Motor Company m08t dangerous of all dopes, be-tf Canada Limited, when asked hr * cause its initial stimulating effects year end comment, at Windsor, Ont., ^ 0jten distort the addict s mind, last week. “In Canada we are forlun- fading him to commit murder, or ite to be m a position to enter upon a âny 0||,er horrible crime without a lew year with confidence. Marring m !ernational complications beyond our control, there are reasonable indications :hat Canadian business will show renewed impetus in 1939 Campbell.
AH
PREVENT DAMAGE
2,200 Are Naturalised
Prevent damage to your Oar by having ub fill your radiator with
EVE READY PRESTONS It is the most reliable.
Enjoy comfortable Winter driving by installing Hot Water Heatçr and Defroster.
Drop in and ask for information.
Our stock of Heaters, Defrosters, Batteries and Anti freeze is complete.
Th**v stock flour f the lnyh est quality
manufactured by
Quebec Old Age Pensions
The Maple Leaf Milling Co., Limited
distributed by
fHt SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REC'D-
Look® to 1939 for Better Business In Canada
Our Obligations
Correspondence
To discharge our financial obligations before the end of the year, again we remind subscribers in arrears to send in the amounts due without
The add rose
An Apology
l want to assure my Dagg friends that m
no slurs or innuendoes of any kind were intended and I am very sorry that some of the relatives are annoyed and offended. The *t ry as told me was full of
. and gives an insight ito the difficulties of the early settlers, nd l regiet my information^ was n<>i
«•e
O .1
J. L, HODG1NS
further delay
each p*i|ier includes the xpiration date and at a glance' subscribers may see exactly how they stand. A prompt response will be greatly appreciated.
Phone 64 J.
mi
UIH
quaver of conscience
«
Island of Orleans Once
Called Isle of Bacchus
For my offence in writing the story and foi the annoyance and diatre*# caused the irieuda, 1 sincerely ask their pardon.
said Mr
The picturesque island of Oi lcans set down in the St. Lawrence river near the'fortressed city of Quebec— was called isle of Bacchus by
Canada will have a credit balance on | deques Cartier 400 years ago because of the grape vines that covered it. It has long since lost its bacchanalian air, however, and is settled down to agricultural sobriety like all other rural districts of the province of Quebec.
THE EQUITY
The Beach Manor
Canada's World Trade Balance is $280,000,000
W. A. HoDonrs
Canada Greets New Years Without One. Motor Death
Crusoe, Word "Tobacco,"	¦¦¦I
Made Tobago hie Famous Canadians observed the coming <f
aras
Th, „„ connection be,«c=n To- I
la world trade for 1938 of approximately $280,000,000, according to estimates based on Bureau of Statistics returns for 11 months and interim reports for December.
Last year the excess of the value of vporth over imports was $21C,000,000.
Canada’s exports this year of domestic I writes a correspondent in the Bos-.Toducts will total around $922,000,000 Mon Globe. It was in the channel ind foreign goods re exported around I between it and Levis, on the south $44,000,000. The imports will bu ap- shore of the river St. Lawrence, that jjroxiniately $686,000,000. Last year th* British fleet in the year of the the exi>orto were $1,110,000,000, foreign conquest, 1759,«first dropped anchor ¦	¦ and it was here that the British sol-
diers first set foot on the land they were to camp uport and conquer.
The people of the island village of St. Laurent had fled at the approach of the enemy fleet, but the parish priest pinned a note to the church door addressed to the English commander, imploring him not to demolish the church or burp the village, adding naively,* “I would
a. . .	....	. -.have hoped that you might nave
ifficials early this year. They explained I arrived earlier so that you could
hat the six weeks notice of the agree- have tasted the vegetables, such as
nent had slowed up business between asparagus, radishes, etc., that grow
‘he two countries.	in my garden and which now have
It was pointed out that Lulled ^States gore scccj »•
>oods of a character quickly consumed, | Gen. James Wolfe granted the old md been imported since the signing of man's request and the church went be treaty on November 17. Canadian | unmolested 'jnsinesstnen had allowed their stocks to un down to avoid the higher tariff rates.
The treaty reduced tariff rates by Junada on agricultural machinery,
The Bench Manor is a Range of outstanding quality and proven merit. Although it does not possess the symme-11 Ica I proportions of the more elaborate Bcatichef. It has many features in common, consequently may be depend* ed upon at all times to render service of the highest quality with minimum fuel consumption. It is particularly designed for the average sized family where quality is a paramount essential. It is optional with coal or wood burning grates and available in cither the Standard Finish or the Full Enamel Finish.
«y
The island is steeped in history,
bago and the outside world is by a government steamer of uncertain habits.	,
The name Tobago is said to have been bestowed upon the island by
Christopher Columbus, who saw in ..	. ,	....	,
its shape the resemblance to the Unadas revenue collections foi , 938 smoking pipe used by the Caribbean 'vl11 not much short of 1937, in spite Indians and localiy called a ‘ to- of dHin.-» in cu.inms and ww. bago, from which word, inciclon- , While there will be a decrease from tally, we acquired the word tobacco. , lutyear, that drop may not exceed As to the Robinson Crusoe legend $5,000,000. The Nat tcmal Re venue and its connection with Tobago. Department collected $4.*»,860,231 f<»i many garbled and misleading ver- the 19.)< calendar >ear. The likely sions of it may be heard here1. estimate for I93fi, ns tho fllr. close» is The inhabitants of Tobago feel I " lhe neighborhood of $133.000,000. proud of the distinction of the is A gw in of about $24,000,000. in income land's connection with' the sojourn t««x collections offsets in large measure of Robinson Crusoe. They lead the *',iat ,1RS hcen 1,181 ,n customs and excise visitor to the cave whore Crusoe duties and excise taxes. In 1937 the dwelt with his man Friday, or point "icomc tax paid in to the Government out the very beach where the ini- I totalled 118,000,000 in round figures, mortal footprints were found.	This year a total of $112.000,000 will be
The statement that Tobago is the reached, if the trend of the preceding i real Robinson Crusoe's island may ' ' months has been maintained in : be disputed by some, as the island | December.
of Juan Fernandez, off the toa-t of Customs revenues last year amounted Chile, has also been identified with to $93,772.334. The best estimate for Defoe's hero. Any doubter may 1938 places this figure $12,500,000 lower,
compare the descriptions in the sto- 'bout $91,250,000 ry with this Caribbean island in or- j der to set all skepticism at rest.
i
in
Small Dec National Revenue
40ods re exported $ 15,000,000 and im :»orts $809.000,000.
r
Trade Treaty With! United States Came into Effect January 1st, 1939
c
Canada’s new trade treaty wirh^the Suited States came into effect last Sun-lay, and heavy buying of American goojs is anticipated by Government
fcTAXOAlUi-Blnek with nickeled door frames ami trimmings, ivory enamelled clout panel?, closet back splash and mantel, linking oven interior constructed of rust resisting iron. Warming own interior finished in black baked enamel.
Fvu. Rxamel Finish—Exterior full porcelain enamel in two tone ivory, with tnn or green panels. Baking oven and warming oven interiors finished In blue—white mottled enamel. Oven flue* fini-i-hed in j creels in enamel.
What Makes Popcorn Pop
rll	I-M	,M „	. Several theories have been offered
nming, lumbering, sawmill and fishing I tu explain popping in corn. The ex nachmery and implements, building and ponction accepted by the United instruction items, and multifarious states Department of Agriculture is -teins covering the Canadian home and a8 follows: Popping in com is an Jiin tduin public.	explosion due to the expansion un-
Fhe United States makes concessions der pressure of moisture in the Hr ,	,
tn Canada on a wide range of agricnl- starch grains. Until the instant ot	‘L!at Ninety Six Lose Lives in
ural produce, fish lumber, minerals, the explosion the expansion is pre- Ï - ‘ it	«îJjîuL8". Ottawa District In 1938
iota toes, dairy products, hon-y, horses, vented by the material in which the	a "e 6 eat -sland °* I
ggs and poultstarch grains are imbedded. Ac-
to thfe’department pMBMHM air nor volatile oil, as was formerly supposed, is concerned with the process. The wall of the kernel of
_ .	. .	,	w popcorn is harder than that of or-
During their tour of Canada .next dinary field corn, a fact which
Summer King George and Queen causes the entire kernel to explode Elizabeth will not accept any private when heated, throwing out the white invitations but will be guests of the interior. Long before the arrival of people of Canada as a whole, Frime white men on this continent the Minister Mackenzie King announced American Indians cultivated a vari-Friday night.	ety of corn similar to our popcorn.
The Prime Minister also stated ftbat [n the Southwest the natives called virileJTheir Majesties are in Canadafthe this grain “little corn." It is doubt-ule with respect to gifts will he (the ful, however, that they used it for same as when the King and Queen arc popping purposes, although it is in the Uoited Kingdom. They are not probable that our popcorn was orig-to be expected to accept gifts from in- inally developed from the Indian lividuals, organizations or public bodies, variety.
While not yet in a position to so ¦¦	¦
lounce the detailed whliary of the ‘
Royal visit which opens in May, the	Unee Ocean, Once Desert
Prime Minister revealed that the origin- In prehistoric ages the mysterious d plan was that Their Majesties would region of Imperial Valley, Calif., isit only the Dominion Capital.	was the floor of a great arm of
The tour was extended to cover every the Gulf of Mexico. Gradually the province due to the decision of the King lake dried up, leaving the valley jimself. By this gracious act the King covered with a bed of silt whose placed the people of Canada under depth and potential richness comm obligation that can only be met by a pares inited effort to see that the burdens of Nile. 1
this long and arduous journey are re county include the Sal ton sea, with laced to a minimum", Mr. Mackenzie geysers and mud pots; oyster beds,
King said. "	- I	shell deposits and remnants of ma-
Members of the Government and the rine life scattered along the an-oramittees arranging the tour have dent beach lines; and petrified for-been deluged with requests for special est said to have been carried down appearances of Their Majesties at in the heart of a prehistoric glacier, function# throughout Canada The as it slowly moved from Canada Prime M mister asked the people to real- countless centuries ago.	'*
Recommended and sold b>
Wilmer H. Hodglns
Shawville, Que.
Phone, 20 îti
Trinidad, on the north point of the mouth of the Oroonoque" (Orinoco).
Besides Robinson Crusoe, Tobago ..	.	...... .-j
once sheltered another famous accidents in Ottawa and district during
character, a hero of real flesh and ***** according to news carried in The
Ottawa	during the
This was a *barp decrease in fatalities I	NOTICE
as compared with the previous year
when there were 149 deaths. In 1937	-	---- r Cl a g al T -Le
-----j there were 705 persons injured and 509	Factors of the Township	^ect°rs °* the lOWfiShip
------eccidenta	1	,	,	of Shawville
of Clarendon	____
Ninety-six person lost their lives, and <88 were injured in 484 motor vehicle
King and Queen Will Be Quests of Canada as a Whole
blood—John Paul Jones, “father" of the United States navy, who made his residence here during
NOTICE
1802
The figures include 13 fatalities within the city limits a decrease of four as compared with 1937. City and immediate suburbs accounted for 28 of the total fatalities.
Rotf G. Fraser
ClfU, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Rhone ISO
Province of Quebec, :Jj Municipal; Corporation .of Sh-iwville J
____________ Province of QuaMEq.;
August was the heaviest month for I Municipal Corporation
total crashes, 15 persons losing their 1	r'« Clarendon
lives. July came next with 18, October.	.	.
11 sod April 10.	1 “>,lc Not'» » hereby grreu that a
The area under survey, in addition to I ™etuP1g ?f ‘jl*	wl
the city and suburbs, included a section b* held in Hynee Hall, Shawville on
of Eastern Ontario bordered by Hawkea- Wednesday, the 11th day of January for
bury, the Sr. Lawrence River, Smiths «£• P*n*"«%*nominating a Mayor and
Falk a section of Northern Ontario «, three Councillor. The meeting will
far as Sudbury, and the Pontiac and «pen at ten o clock and clow at noon
Gatineau districts of Western Quebec. “ et the honr °f n°°n ‘here are more
"than one nomination for- Mayor and
three for Councillors an election
take plane io the same hall on the fol
lowing Monday, January 16th, from
eight* o'clock am. to six o'clock im
The retiring! Mayor is W/H. Barr.
The rètirlrii Councillors are ; Roy Mac
farlane, James Connolly mud William
Grant.
Given under my hand at Shawville, this ITth day of December, 1938.
!
Flowers
Public Notice is hereby given that a meeting of the raten^yers'of this Municipality will be held on Wednesday, the eleventh day of January, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, at Hyr* Hall, in the Village of Shaw^Ula, between the hours of ten o'clock in the morning and twelve o'clock noon, for the purpose of nominating councillors to replace the retiring Councillors, J. E Cotie, A. O. Eades and John L Hodgins and in order to receive nominations for Mayor of the Village of Shawville.
ja tr
hundred and thirty-nine, at Hynes’ Hail, aforesaid, between the hours of eight À. M. and six P. M , in case vot
Shawville, Que., December 27, 1938
HARLAND C. ROWAT, Secretary T Vi liege of Shawvtiit
Distinctive Flower Styling that's our business. We in vite your patronage orders of #1.00 or over, phone us dollegt S5.Q9 or over, phone us collect and we shall prepay.
On
will
On orders of
¦Tenders Wanted
Tfendu « fer Manager and Secretary of Bristol Farmers' Club will be received the undersigned President up to onday, January 9th, 1939. Tenders can be made for both positions separately or collectively. Lowest or any tender
JOHN A. STURGEON, R.R. No. 3, Shawville, Que

only, with the valley of the Olher phenomena dflmperial
2
aad 11 pa
J. A. DEAN, Secretary Treasurer

VÏ
###PAGE###5###
,1 .





Copper Used for Tools
Before Birth of Christ
Copper was the earliest metal used by man. About 8,000 years be-
beaten into tools. Two thousand years later men had learned to extract It from ores and use it. It took another 3,000 years for men to learn the value of combining It with tin to make bronze. When they learned that, the use of copper became so important in that early culture that the whole period was named the Age of Bronze.
About two-thirds of all the copper produced in the world comes from the United States, says a writer in the Washington Star. Pure copper is found in Michigan around Lake Superior, in nuggets and strands and irregular masses sometimes weighing several hundred tons, and sometimes in irregular fantastic shapes which look like weir* and fancy plants.
I Copper is a brilliant metal of golden reddish color. It weighs eight times as much as water does, melts at the high temperature of something like 2,000»degrees Fahrenheit, and tarnishes green in damp air.
Practically all important deposits of copper ore are believed to have been caused by volcanic activity. Among the chief copper ores are cuprite, melaconite, malachite and chessylite. The sulphur ores are, from the economic point of view, the most valuable because they yield the richest proportion of pure copper.
Compared with other metals, there is little copper in the earth's crust. There is much more aluminum, and nickel. But even so, we manage to produce 1.3 pounds of copper annually for each person on earth.
We use all this copper for such things as electric wires, in telephones and automobiles, in ships and ammunition, for coins and Are extinguishers. Compounds of copper are used in paints and dyes, medicines and in poisons for insects and molds.

The Equity
PRINTING
BeieHleM IMS
1-UbMKHll) 8T*RV THOItllVAT AT
SHAWVILL*. QUEBEC
birth of Christ It was
annual subscription
$150
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
Successor to G. F Hedging Co. Limited
Anywhere in CunnUn To United Stnte*.
s #
2.00
AU arrenr» must be paid In fall before any paper le dlscontlnned
W. 0. COWAN, PUBLISHER
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements,
Posters,
Labels,
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
f
VvZ
Sales & Service
WAIN STREET
SHAW VILLE, QTTS
Shell Sealed Gae and Oils
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
General Repaire
liable Service
Wilson’s Garage
Phone 40
Watch this space
next issue for important announcement of January Clearing Sale of
m

Beattie’s Eye Service
Look Here
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost oLC.
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor, Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
O
Hawaiian Lei Serves at
Expression of Good Will
The Hawaiian lei is an inexpensive ornament in general, but it may be made magnificent with rare and exotic blooms serving as the background of the wreath of fragrance, most of the flowers of which may.be plucked from any garden. Some of the leis are made by florists but those worn by the residents are usually made at home, and much imagination and ingenuity are employed in the construction of the designs.
Some blossoms are placed in their natural state in the floral rope while others are opened wide and spread over the background of soft ferns, all being laced together and strung to the thread that supports the wreath. The design may be a graciously formal one or a haphazard riot of color.
The lei, as a garland of flowers, had its origin in the welcome to the spring and serves as a token of friendship and general goodwill. It is appropriate to almost any occasion and is often used as a table decoration, replacing the customary vases of dinner flowers. Its spirit is that of hospitality ar.d its widespread use Is one of the most delightful customs of the Hawaiian».
Hawaii as a meeting place of Hast and West, where the races of the Orient and the Occident have formed a unique civilization, has
lung held a fascination for world travelers.
L09T—Somewhere on Centre Street,
SS®®fir
Reward offered.
ge,
LOST—On Saturday, December 24th, ualr snap on Olaiwwa. Finder kindly call Mb*. O. P. C. Powleh. Phone 17.
FOR SALK-A few Hampshire Pullet*.
to IIULBERT ARM8TKONO. Shnw-
Scientist' Eye Examinations
Stock-taking’ Specials

Specialists on all Visual and Muse, lar
Eye Defects
POP SALE-Man'» Beaver Coat. ala. *1, In good condition. Apply to Percy Somerville, Bryaon, Que.
FOR SALR-One single cutter in good repair. An pi y to Donald Me-l)odual, Bristol, Que. Phone 4-6.
KATHLEEN M.ROLUNS,
Professional Optometrist.
T.T. BEATTIE,
ProfessioealOpt
fist
FOR SALE
Comforter Bits, Spinning Rolls and Ytun, made from pure virgin wool, given in exchange for good wool.
ARMSTRONG WOOLEN MILL
. Shawville, Qu<\
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Manufactures of and Dealers in
Monuments in Marble and Granite
We have just received a large consignment of stones and will be pleased to show them at any time.
Phone. 278	»
For Sale
t- Set Single Hornet* I - ('utter Pole Apply to
AU' DRAPER
Shawville, Que
Phone .*td
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Maritime History Exploited Gfcpat Britain's maritime history fully exploited in the National Maritime museum at Greenwich. It occupies the famous Queen's house, designed in 1618 as a country home Anne of Denmark, the queen of James I. The work of the royal navy, the merchant navy and the fishing fleets, and every department of maritime affairs, and all that has to do with the lives and activities of seamen are represented. Together with an extensive library of bocks and manuscripts, charts, maps, globes, and navigation instruments, is the admiralty's cob lection of ship models, portraits of seamen, representations of battles at sea, and relics of Admiral Nelson.

13
Fur Pelts Wanted
1 with to announce to the public that I am in the market for all kind*- of seasonable fur pelt* and assure highest market prices.
NO IRIS II. HORNER,
Licensed Fur Dtttbtg giÜl ü - Shawville, Que.
for
MacLeans
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co., Limited
BED & WHITE STORE
t »
••The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
Bridges Get "Tired Feeling '
Bridges may become tired and
Lire in Chalk Caves
¦¦¦¦	Jewish cave dwellers of Matmata,
lose their strength, just >as human who live in an underground city, in beings do when overtaxed, states a chalk caves in the Tunisian desert report made to the American Son- near Tunis, carry on as have their ety of Civil Engineers. The bridges ancestors for centuries, according affected by “fatigue* are those to a distinguished writer, who visit-composed of huge steel framework, ed them. The entrances to their The steel may lose from half to city are hardly noticeable, but they two-thirds of its strength. But fcad down through tunnels into a there's no need to worry Luads white town with streets, stores %nd sufficient to cause “that tired #tel- little squares. Hemes and funding" are unusual, and occur, ac	ture are cut out of the chalky
cording to the report, only a “few rock. - .•*" thousand times” in the life of a bridge. It's only when they occur millions of times JhpL any bad effects result.	\ T"
Wampole’s Extract Cod Liver Oil
6 cts
Raw SugaA per pound..........
Swan Down Cake Flour, per pkg
Black Tea, bulk, per pound........
HealthfMeal, Coarse, per pound
Apples, 6 pounds .................
Prunes, 3 pounds .................
Mollasses, fancy bulk, per pound Honey. Clover, 4 pounds Honey, Amber, 4 pounds . .. Peanut Butter, bulk 2 pounds Walker’s Soda Biscuits, 2 pounds ....
Macaroni, bulk 4 pounds Soup Peas, per pound Corn meal, per pound
28 “ 45 " 5 “ 25 “
_>V Man-Made God
While many Britons have been canonized abroad, only one attaired the eminent position of a k amongst a civilized people. This was William Murdoch of Ayrshire, the discoverer of coal-gas for lighting purposes, says London Tit-Bits Magazine. When Naser-cd-Din, Shah of Persia, visited London in 1873 he was struck with wonder at the gas illumination in his hotel suite and asked to be allowed to visit the gasworks where It was gen crated. There, to Ms ama/< -ont,
.learned that 4he inventor of gas .as a man named Murdoch, for “Merdoch" is the qapne of the ancient Cod of Light of the Assyrians, Babylonians and Persians. He was positive that the Scot was a reincar | g nation of the Persian god and had a portrait of him enshriaed in the royal palaces of Teheran and Kasr Kadjar,
figured as a diety in the religion of the Suffi sect of Persia.
The all year round tonie for both children and adults.
up the whole
system generally, and good tMting too.
IS “
7 “
Ton
Perry’s Burial Place Commodore Perry h buried m Newport, R. I., which was his home. ji 1818 Perry was sent with a small squadron to the West Indies to protect American commerce againit
on his thirty fourth
35 “
29 “ 25 V 25 “
23 “
5 « 5 “
Debating Clock Dials It was not until late in the Sc teenth century that cast figures and chased work appeared on clock dials. The engraving on clock faces andlttt brass plates on the back was beautiful and artists were fre quently employed to decorate them Early in the Eighteenth century the makers began to inscribe their names on the dials, and it is at this time that Latin proverbs began to appear.	? Ï ;
• • • •
• s
pirates. He fever and died birthday, August 23, 1819. He was buried with military honors at Port of Spain, Trinidad, but in 1826. by direction of congress, his body was removed fin the sloop of war Lexington and reinterred at Newport. The state of Rhode Island erected a monument to him.
• e
THE CORNER STORE
• #
# # # e
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Ufa In and Centre Ste •MAWVILLE. - QV1.
from that period he
* •

e#«a
###PAGE###6###
Wvrr ’. r - "T








ra • y
1
Trouble Spot On The Baltic, Memel Is A Quiet Town
Lone White Man Rules 9 Islands
VOICE OF THE PRESS
.. »
******
News
Parade
By Elizabeth Eedy
eggs s jeâgMMHI

.





il
Eight Degrees _ South of the Equator A British Administrative Officer. Is In Charge of 4,300 Subjects
#5


&

.*<•
THEY WEAR BIG HATS
There are lots of people In this world we can see through. But we never get them in front of us at the movies.—Montreal Star,

1
>X; ¦:¦¦¦
HAPPY NEW YEAR: We are no
slmist by nature, but the out-k tor Canada in 1939 doesn’t ex-ttly cause our spirit to rise up and the Incoming New Year with Unqualified enthusiasm. A million people on relief; 400.000 young people without Jobs in a land of plenty; ill-feeling and non-co-operation between governments.
What’s to be thankful for? one might ask. Lots. For these things, that we really have a wonderful country, of boundless potentialities: that wo still are a free people; and that it is possible to turn our backs ou our mistakes and start anew.


If you look at a map of the Pacific Ocean, somewhere near the meridian of 180 decrees, "where time ceases to be,” and about eight degrees south of the Equator, you will ere the Ellice Islande marked thereon. There are nine islands in the group of coral atolls —Nanumea, Nanumaga, Niutao, Nui, Valtupu, Nukufetau, Funafuti, Nukulaelae and Nurukita, all quite unpronounceable to English folk.
t
eer
THAT CERTAIN UNITY	>
Those people who say there it lack of unity in Canada are not wholly correct. They overlook the fact that we are all Agreed something should be done about it.— Toronto Saturday Night.
NO LULL
Canadian politics is never without a certain liveliness. No sooner Is the rift in the Ontario Conservative lute mended than Federal andv Provincial Liberal leaders begin to exchange fraternal amenities. —London Freo Press.
Mail Thrice a Year
But this little kingdom of 4,300 South Sea Islanders, remote, isolated and far removed from the world's activities, is ruled by one white man, Mr. Donald G. Kennedy, the British Administrative Officer. He is the only white man there, and he says that he speaks English so seldom that he finds difficulty in becoming fluent again on returning to civilisation.
Mr. Kennedy has under his care the entire population of 4,300 scattered over the nine islands. The mail boat calls three times a year, when he has a chance to talk with the captain. Once a year, a naval sloop from New Zealand looks in. This is Mr. Kennedy's great occasion.
[
LATVIA
ZTfZ/tZ
SPREAD IT ON THiCK: Canadians are being asked by he National Dairy Council, please, please to put more butter on their bread, and to slap It thick In the pan when frying things. Use it up for goodness sake, because the country's butter surplus has reached unprecedented proportions.
"This has been a year of abundance in butter production in Canada. United States, and in almost all butter-producing countries the entire world over.” says Mr. A. C. Fraser, Secretary of the Council. "We have in Canada, as they have In the United States açd Britain, larger stocks than wo ordinarily require. In Canada we have upward of 15.000.000 pounds we would like to remove from the country if we ! could find a buyer. The buyer is not available. If our 2.000.000-odd families in Canada would cook with butter this winter . our situation would be rectified by spring.”
^KAUNAS
1
WILD LIFE IN THE NORTH Yes, there is still plenty of wild life in the Northland. A train of the Hudson Bay Railway was held up for hours by • herd of 10.000 caribou which moved a.ross the line in front of the loeomotive.-Brockville Recorder and Tlmea.

»
Memel, object of German ambitions to expand alony the Baltic,	Prussia
once again takes the news spotlight following the smashing pro-Nasi »	, (lekmanv) *
victory in the Diet election in Memel territory. Kaunas, capital of	^ w '
Lithuania, and Kaunas province were put under a state or emergency. What lies in store for Memel territory, taken from Germany P O L A N after the world war and handed to Lithuania, is uncertain,*Hgeig***Me|ig
NO ONE TO BLAME
Coroner’s juries perform a very useful service to the state by investigating the circumstances leading up to fatalities of one sort and another, and more particularly with respect to motor accidents on railway level crossings. But not infrequently they bring in the formal verdict, "No one blame”. We have no quarrel with such a verdict. But in nine times out of ten the man who is to blame Is the driver of the car whore fatal ending is the subject of the inquiry.—Guelph Mercury
Kings Liable
To Nicknames
History Provides Many Examples, Some Are Most Unflattering
ed the continent across the Bering Straits either before or after glaciers swept over this continent.
Location Still a Secret The archaeologist said that the exact location of the mountain caves would remain a secret until he returns to them next year to make a more thorough examination.
PUCK
CHASERS
More Chickens Fewer Turkeys
NEWS OF O.H.A. DOINGS
Secretary W, A. Hewitt, of the O.H.A., along with other hockey officials, assisted the N.O.H.À. in the grand opening of the new rink in Schumacher, Ont
Bill Grant is back in the Goodyear's line-up after being out three weeks with a broken toe. Goodyears have lost Teddy Man oryk for at least three weeks; he is out with a broken arm suffered during the exhibition game with Toronto Varsity.
Regina Tisdall, of O&hawa's G. M. men ran into a broken nose injury during one of the many scrambles in their tie game with Goodyears.	:
Referee Gordon "Beef" McKay of Hamilton, ran into a cut lip over in Niagara Falls. Two stitches were necessary to close the wound.
Army Armstrong, of Oahawa, has handled two games in Toronto and made a fine impression on
each occasion.
St Catharines will be without Roust, their centre-star, for several weeks. He is suffering from a spine injury.
Brantford Indians make the Eastern Hockey League tour opening in Baltimore on Wednesday, January 4. They play in Hershey and Atlantic City on Thursday and Friday nights and then meet the New York Rovers in Madison Square Gardens on the Sunday afternoon. Coach Leo Reis# will take along about 16 players for the test Sherbrooke!s failure to accept the C.A.H.A. invitation paved the way for Brantford's chance to travel. Here's hoping they have better luck on the trip than did Goodyears.

to
l
Not even kings are Immune from nicknames, and history provides a great many examples—unkind as well as flattering. The various Kings diaries, especially of France seem to have been particularly liable, and lead the way In the royal nickname parade.
There was Charles the Bald, son of the second wife of Louis the Kind; Charles the Simple, son of Louis the Stammerer; Charles the Handsome, son of Philip the Handsome; and Charles the Wise, who was fond of books, rather a rare distinction In his day. He Inherited the library of twenty volumes which had satisfied the literary yearnings of his father, but left, at his death In 1380. some 900, pretty well all there were then.
Charles the Fat was King of S*a bla and Italy. Charles the Bad misgoverned Navarre. Charles the Bold reigned
Charles the Warrior over Savoy.
Valuable relics found by the expedition in caves and other formations will be shipped to the University of New Mexico. They include roughly - chipped stone weapons and cooking utensils and a precious fragment of an aged basket weave.
Elephant's Tooth Found Dr. Bliss found a preserved elephant tooth on the rim of the Arctic Ocean. He said elephants and other mammoth animals undoubtedly roamed that region at one time.
Went to the Old Country From Canada for Christmas—The Dominion’s Birds Are Rated
Tops
WHO KILLED HIM?; Something that the newspapers on this continent haven’t featured very big Is the Story emanating from London, England. that the German Government arranged for the killing of their own embassy official at Paris, von Rath, whose death was the signal for the outbreak of terrific pogroms against Jews Inside Germany. (Young Polish Jew Grynszpan was merely the catspaw, the story goes). The Paris secret police declare there Is no doubt whatever that the German government planned it all. In London, even the proNazi daily. The Observer, concedes that the possibility of a deep-laid German plot Is interesting ti say the least.
More Canadian chickens graced the Christmas tables of British householders this year, but Canadian turkeys were fewer in number in the British Christmas trade than a year ago.
Total About Same
The total amount of Canadian poultry shipped to the United Kingdom for the Christmas trade is about the same as a year ago, approximately 500,000 • pounds. Turkeys shipped numbered 20,428 against 24,624 last year, but 80,628 chickens were shipped compared with 62,244 a year ago. Fewer ducks were shipped this year—4,200 against 17,000 and the geese about the same at 4,400.
All Canadian poultry exported must be inspected and graded by Department of Agriculture inspectors and because of its high quality the Canadian turkey and other fowl have made a place for them-aelves on the British market. They command a premium over other imported birds.
Mostly From West
Due probably to the prolonged drought and a shortage of grain for feeding, the turkey crop in the Prairie Provinces was smaller than a year ago and chickens were also fewer.
TO STOP BRAIN EXPORT The only way to stop or lessen the drain (on Canadian brains to the United States) is by providing greater inducements here for Canadians with ability so
that they need not go abroad. That can be done by greater support for research, by better remuneration for those doing valuable work in the technical branches of the public service, and better remuneration for these engaged in higher education. The nations* gain from consistent adherence to such a p< I icy would far outweigh the additional cost, which would really not be verv great.—Winnipeg Free Press.
Farm Relief
Cost Falling
Agriculture Minister Gardiner has indicated Dominion Government expenditures for rural relief in the Prairie Provinces this year might not exceed $9,000,000. This compared with $26,000,000 n year ago.
Burgundy, and
over
THE WEEK S QUESTION: Just what is the significance of the Ukraine in today’s news? Answer: This rich piece of territory extending across south European Russia, eastern Poland and eastern Czechoslovakia is the objective of Hitler’s "Drive to the East”, to obtain possession of which he first had to reduce Czechoslovakia to a state of powerlessness; now must make It possible to march through Rumania. The Russian part of the Ukraine Is a vitally Important unit of the Soviet economic system. Including the black earth belt, the great coalfields of Donetz. the lronfleld of Krivoi Rog. the Important Industrial centres of Kiev and Kharkov; the great electrical generating station of Dneiprostrol; ports on the Black Sea. The Ukraine contains 80 per cent, of the coal In Russia, 70 per cent, of the Iron, 95 per cent, of the manganese, and the greater portion of the wheatl copper, gold and other minerals Germany would like to have.
Morocco has placed the makilfg or importation of gas masks unde? government control.
In one month recently Bombay, India, imported 9,810,648 yards of cotton piece goods.
Better Crops the Reason
The improvement is due to oet-ter crops and a resulting decrease in the areas of total crop failure in which the Dominion pays 100 per cent, of relief costs. Practically all the outlay this year will be in Saskatchewan, as little assistance will be required by Manitoba and Alberta.
In municipalities which have had an average wheat yield of Jess than five bushels an acre for successive years the Dominion assumes the whole cost of farm relief. In other areas with ebtter average crops but still in need of relief the costs are shared between the Dominion, the province and the municipality.
9y Fred Nehe«
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
i
Want Democracy? Then Work For It
4
Caves In Arctic Yield Evidence Of Ancient Life
V.
W:
rxx
Rt Hon. Margaret Bondfield, Former British Cabinet Minister, Visiting Canada, Deplores “Laissem-Faire” Attr
ti
<r
¥
I,
Narrow Room


Needs Carpet
A
tud«
s z z
es
f
Discovery in Canada’s Northwest Hinterland Leads to Belief Primitive Man Migrated There from Asia
4 AT
The long narrow living room is not an easy room to make homelike and every effort should be made to do away with that long look. Instead of using rugs in this type room you will find it will increase the width to carpet the room to the baseboard. Then cut across one of the narrow ends by putting your davenport crosswise with a table in back of it Careful planning of the furniture can do much to get rid of that long narrow appearance.
Rt. Hon. Margaret Bondfield, former Labor Minister in the British cabinet, urged women of Canada to . choose honestly between democracy and totalitarianism. She declared if they earnestly desire democracy they must work for it
Speaking at a meeting of the Women's Canadian Club, Toronto, the first Woman Privy Councillor deplored the "Laissez-faire" attitude which allows people to think one way and act another. She told her listeners "80 per cent, of the Japanese war materials are coming from this continent—Yet your sympathies are witn China".
Preparing For
Arctic Circle
Hudson Bay Train in gn School Qualifies Young Men for Posts in Far North

The discovery of large mountain caves in Canada’s Northwest hinterland, believed to contain evidence of habitation by primitive man thought to have migrated from Asia thousands of years ago, was reported at Edmonton last week by Dr. Wesley L. Bliss, sn American archaeologist.
After a five-month expedition in the N irthwest Territory, Dr. Bliss said his findings add strength to a widely-accepted theory that America's first inhabitants reach-
f
1
&
Fourteen young men are attending the Hudson's Bay Company’s fur trade training school at Winnipeg preparing for tests they must pass to qualify themselves assistants in various trading posts as far north as the Arctic Circle.
In nine weeks they are required to learn the rudiments of fur grading, merchandising, post accounting, first aid, wireless telegraphy, radio mechanics and carpentry. Because they are bachelors, they must also learn to do their own cooking.
.
•. •\-5qp. :•
Excessive summer heat is now ’blamed for the death of fish in some rivers of Germany.
4-13
as
"That's what you get for putting your lunch any oV place."
By L. Frank Baui
WONDERLAND OF OZ
• 1

5T5



(

Necessary Versatility
Such versatility is necessary, said R. H. G. Bonnycastle, acting personnel manager for the com-
9
\
1

7
*
• e
l
l
pany.
"Many of our men arc entirely on their own resources. They can't go to the corner store for a chop for their dinner, or call a man to repair the outboard motor. Very often there's no doctor near by and our .man is called upon to |Wder_ first aid to natives who have met with an accident.”
"Sixty per cent of our post managers are married men. Their like stylish clothes and the native women are great imitators. We sell silk stockings and lingerie
and polo shifts the men. ' It isn’t a sunset-striked blanket
%
>

#*
»


t/
n
r



l
» »
m
r


w
,*
A

c
*
"Many years ago!" exclaimed Aunt n. "Why how old are you chlldT" ket-p track of the years." Cuttencllp, laughtaff. "You
the same as I was when here. Perhaps I'm older
but I won looked fit
with
Cut-
ftSSfr1	ndu*.y m".
tencllp. "but the dolls I made were ¦o thin that I found any breeze
,ou.d blow	K58 s


"I used to live near ths castle of
named G1 In da the
"Do you make all of the paper dollsT" Inquired Dorothy. Tee," ! plied Miss Cuttcnclip. "I cut th out with my scissors and palpt the faces and some of the costumes. It pleasant’‘Work and I'Jluc
iWi&SfS
this
¦never
apld Miss
1:
e great eorce Good, end she saw my dulls apd
I told
1
I don't krow up
said t
wi
them dreadfully.
the
the
st’-we
eVen you
ter it they w
to build a
a lot
day the
say
r


I started the It was
to
to* you*^ pa per*4village \XenR

nr
to
all

JR

.n« .
ve you
2%-
¦ all
any
J




	
###PAGE###7###
«K
Pigmy Race Once Lived in Europe
World Livestock T otal Unknown
Where King and Queen Will Stay While In Ottawa
HA VE
1


*

l
N-

I %

£ays Imperial Economic Conference — Figure Imposeiblc
to Estimate
UrD
4
the Origin of Our Belief in Fairies, Scientists Say

aw

¦

HE

Scienfists tell ui that many years ago a' pigmy race spread all over Europe. They were credited with supernatural powers, and It Is from them that we get our belief In fairies.
JBut apart from scientists pure and simple, there are others who believe that fairies still exist. And years ago the late Sir Arthur Conan Doyle submitted to the world photographs and facts about fairies. In spite of this, most people are still sceptical.
It le Impossible to setImets txitb eny degree of accuracy the number of cattle, sheep, and pigs In the world, elates the Imperial Economie Conference, for in many areas the figures are either incomplete or entirely lacking. At a rough estimate, the number of cattle may be In the region of 600 millions, of which about two-flftbs are In the British Empire. Sheep may number about 760 millions, with between one-third and two-fifths In the Empire, and pigs perhaps total about 250 millions, of which about 6 per cent, are In the Empire countries.
British Empire Owne Two-Fifthe In countries engaged in Intern* tlonal trade for meat products and furnishing reliable data, It appears that cattle numbers tended to decline from 1926 to about 1931-82, but that the numbers of sheep and pigs in these countries expanded during the same period. Cattle and sheep seem to have increased in number In the past few years, but the number of pigs In several of the more Important pig producing countries, especially the United States, has been reduced. In 1938 in Canada, hogs, cattle, and horses on farms showed decreases compared with 1937. Sheep Increased by 76,100. The decreases were, horses, 62,290; cattle, 329,300; hogs, 476,-


r
m


“Why on earth did you buy me pyjamas this size ?"
“Because the salesman was
rather nie WKÊÊÊp/ÊÊÊtlÊliÊM
him to know I'd married such a little whipper-snapper."
tlBF a

&
and 1 didn't want

OF
13	3	3
¦
m,

At a recant sport* meeting
* IM
• well known athlete ran in
the wrong beet of the hundred yards Just another sprinter's error.
wtm

The “Little Ptopl«"
It Is not only In places like the wilds of Eire, the mountains of Wales and on the Cornish coasts that people still believe in the existence of these little people. There Is in Kent a Fairy Investigation Society. to which belong scores of rational members, all sure that the “Little People" are still to be found. l	M -
It.

A Scotsman rushed into hospital bleeding from a cut in the cheek.
“Done while shaving, I suppose?" said the doctor. “You want * me to stop that for you?"
“Not necessarily," replied the Scot. “I was just wonderin' how much you paid for blood transfusions!”
T
1
f*

Ontario Farms Lack Moisture
Early in January steps will be taken to renovate Rideau Hall, Ottawa, official residence of Lord Tweeds-leuir Governor-General of Canada, to put it in readiness to receive the King and Queen when they arrive tn Canada next May. The King’s birthday celebrati on, proclaimed for May 20 so far as Canada is concerned, will occur while their majesties are visiting the Dominion’s capital.
Said the visitor to his host's little girl: “How do you know that it’s the first of the
Serious Shortage of Water Supply for Livestock Reported From Many Districts
month T
Traffic Rules
For Children
Cense all daddy's letters have get front windows in them/' replied the child.
• * 9
The
Modern
Etiquette
BOOK SHELF
Many counties in Western, Central and Eastern Ontario are experiencing a serious shortage of water supply for livestock, the Ontario Department of Agriculture said in a recent crop report.
NA light covering of snow fell last week but soon melted and although this aided thq flow of water Into wells, the quantity was not enough to reduce the shortage of water any appreciable amount"
. Plowing was under way In almost every part of the province. December 15. the ground was said to be free of frost, enabling farmers to make good progress with the work.

“Mary, how is ft the eggs are sometimes boiled soft and sometimes quite hard?"
“Well, mum, I’m sure I don’t know. 1 puts them in regular as the clock strikes eight, and I takes them out without fail when I hears the down train go by."
Ten Regulation# Are Issued By Director of Safety Education
By ELIZABETH EEDY

BY ROBERTA LEE
Light Switches Near Entrances
“OUR BATTLE" by Hendrik Willem van Loon
At last someone has taken up the cudgels for democracy In a big way. Hendrick Willem van Loon, Dutch-American historian of note who la nothing If not liberal-minded, makes a brilliant attack on the principles of dictatorship, sounds the call for democratic action against the menace of Adolf Hitler and all he signifies.
Adolf Hitler In the book which be called “My Battle" (Mein Kampf), told the world what he intended to do with his talents. Encouraged by success In Central Europe, the Fuehrer now turns his eyes toward world domination. Dr. van Loon shows there is no escape for us on this continent from the stranglehold of fascism unless we care enough, do enough to take up the struggle against Hitler’s growing power. And Mussolini's, too .. .
As this “year of our disgrace" 1938 draws to Its close, there la still time for action, Dr, van Loon any:
“Our Battle" by Hendrik Willem van Leon . • . Toronto, 1988: Mue-een Book Company, Ltd. . . . $1.26. j
L How can a bachelor repay his eoclal obligations If he la a man of limited means?
i.	What la the correct way to eat s small apple at the table, when a email silver fruit knife la provtd-
Here are 10 rules for children to observe as their par* In “playing safe." They were Issued recently by Dr. Herbert J. Stack, director of the new National Centre for Safety Education at New York Unlver-
Location Should Be One That Is Most Convenient
v The eld vagrant stood before the magistrate, who boomed:
"What's the matter with yoe? Can't you behove yourself for one week? You've -
Lighting switches In rooms that have/, more than one entrance should be placed near the entrance moat used after dark//
• In living rooms, switches are frequently located near the outside door, whereas they should be placed next to the living-room entrance. The vestibule light or street illumination will provide sufficient light for the living room to prevent danger from Injury when entering from outelde.
In kitchens the switch should be placed near the entrance lnte the epace used for dining. In almost every case where rooms have an ontalde and inside entrance, the meet convenient location for the room light switch Is near the Inside entrance.
elty.
ed?
g. Should children be permitted to converse with visitors?
4. What should a bridegroom provide for his best man and ushers at • church wedding?
9. When carving a turkey should a beet ask the guest which piece he prefers?
1.	Start to school early enough so that you will not have to rush.
2.	Plan the safest trip to and from school, and follow It every

day.
3.	Always cross at the crossing, never In the middle of the block.
4 Cross only with the safe lights.
»	6. Be alert at all times when cros-
sing the streets.
6.	Obey the officer or safety pat-1 rol boy on duty at the crossing.
7.	Don’t hitch rides or dart out onto the street from behind parked cars or hedges.
8.	Play in safe places grounds, play streets, vacant lots — not on dangerous streets.
I. Ride bicycles on the right side of roadways, and obey traffic signals and atop signs.
16. On rural highways always walk on the left, facing traffic.
30 time*. Yw'f* been charged with drunkenness, shoplifting, burglary, assault and
Canadian Fishery Exports Increase
Answers *
L By making himself useful to Me hostess and agreeable to her geests, or by sending flowers to his
special occasions.
1. Cut the apple Into quarters and eel It with the fingers.
1. Net eelees the visitors speak
lag your wife. What have yoa to say for yourself 7" r
“Your Honor," declared the prisoner, “nobody’s perfect."
Sharp Rise of Nearly $3,500,000 Over the Previous Year
Canada’s exports of fish showed a sharp increase this ear. Fisheries Minister Michaud said at Ottawa last week.
The general fisheries situation In Canada has shown steady improvement during the last month, Mr. Michaud stated. “Last year Canada’s fishermen received more money for their total catch than In any other year since 1930." the Minister said.
play-
Aimed at Rabbit, Brings Down Deer
first, and them the child must not
Itted to monopolise the con-
he
4 The ties, gloves, and bouton-
Mores; and he usually gives s gift ef s small piece of jewelry to each
Hunter Clifford Ashton, of Morpeth, Ont., shot at a rabbit and killed a deer. The Morpeth youth stuck to his story and related it in court at St. Thomas, Nov. 30th, when he appeared on a charge under the game and fisheries act. Ashton's story, doubted by Game Overseer Sir Dorland, of Rodney, was that he took aim at a rabbit in an Elgin woodland, near No. 3 highway and just as he fired a deer intercepted the shot and was brought down.
B. It is better merely to ask If he light or dark meat. If there Is bet sea turkey, and six guests would request a leg, It would be
How Can I?
Latvia's Gone In For Penal Reform
What Science * Is Doing *
*
Larger Market Needed “Fisheries export trade In 1937 Increased by nearly $3,600,000 over the total for the year before.’’ The basic problems of the industry he believed, lay In larger markets. Other problems would soon solve themselves If larger markets were available.
BY ANNE ASHLEY
«
Worry Causes '
Tooth Decay
Jails are Being Closed There
*	~------- M*
Q. How can 1 prevent colored handkerchiefs from fading?
A. Soak the colored handkerchiefs In cold water containing a little salt before they are washed.
Q. How can 1 remove obstinate stains from linoleum?
A. When washing linoleum that is stained, try adding a tablespoon» of paraffin to the water. This will also preserve the surface of tho linoleum.
Q. How can 1 treat garden tools whon putting them away for the winter?
A. Clean each one thoroughly ; then rub with kerosene or with grease, and store to a dry place.
Q. How can I keep green peppers from turning brown when baking thorn?
A. Oil the green peppers before baking and they will not turn brown to the o
Q How should lace be sewed limes?
A. When sewing lace on linens or
Unemployment Reported
FISH ARTIFICIALLY HATCHED Artificial spawning and hatching of large-antf-amall-mou th black baas — a feat believed impossible by expert fish culturlsts, has been developed by the fisheries division of the Wisconsin conservation department.
Latvia has been going in for penal reform during the past five years the results already are being in reduction to the number of offenders and tho closing of noms prisons, says the Niagara Falls Review. In that country there le practically no unemployment and ft actually was necessary to Import 10,000 farm laborers from Poland and Lithuania to work In the fields during the past summer.
Commenced in 1934 Prison reform was started In the year 1934 and It has had a beneficial effect. Criminals who have served their terms to prison without showing unmistakable signs of becoming useful citizens are kept to protective custody for from five to ten yen s after their sentences have expired. Vagabonds and beggars who are "work-shy" are kept In workhouses after their release aid In that way the country is kept free of undesirable elements.
Much more Is being done in the war of after-prison care than here, for a semi-official home has been opened for released prisoners where probation officers endeavour to find for them suitable work and Latvian employers are showing a much greater disposition to employ men who have been in prison.
Classified Advertising
would have good, solid,
If
teeth, fall bead-over-
beele to love right away and stay
PIGEONS CARRY MALADY Discovery of sleeping sickness among pigeons is announced by tws scientists of Harvard Medical SchoL
The pigeon sickness Is the same thing as human encephalitis, the highly fatal disease which frequently leaves minds crippled for life when it does not kill. Horses, pheasants apd pigeons can give the disease to humans.
That le the prescription offered
Briggs, a dental ser-
ra rw IM PL
ENTS
PICK SON AL
hy Dr.
IF TOU WANT AN AFFECTIONate romantic sweetheart, with money, write:	Mary Lee. 445-0.
Rolls. Missouri.
FARM IMPLEMENTS — CAN GIVE Immediate delivery on thr
machines, hay presses, root cutters, feed cutters, corn «hellers, rollers.
drag saws, mowers, binders, pors-
POTATO BAGS
to diggers, potato sorters.
Prices lowest In Canada. Ha few demonstration machines et bargain prices. Will sell farmers direct at agents' prices where we have no dealers. Hpeclal: New •** 4-ply Rubber Belt. 82c a foot. Free catalogues on request. Matthew Moody * Sons «’i.mpaoy. Terrebonne. Que. Established lfAf. uT/Æ
etc.
ve a
tribulation and pain. Dr. Brigga
POTATO BAOH FOR KALE each We also pay highest prices for junk. Consolidated Iron and Metal. 5$ Niagara Htreel. Toronto.
Maintain Am Even Kent
*lf a young man Is dtsappolated
to tote, bis teeth may decay in a
1'PIK»I.*TICI«|\4J a Frit NITt HR
tbs," he continued. "If a f woman Is disappointed, her
W^^^KÊKÊÊÊÊMÊÊÊÊÊS^
to bo affected more perhaps because they’re
•TOPS PAIN FOR TWO WEEKS A local anaesthetic, one “shot" of which steps palm for two or three weeks, has been developed at the New York College of Physicians and Surgeons.	'BJr. ¦
While the wounds of operations are healing most of the patients were able to walk arc md without pain. They have not had Jo stay In hospitals, and economic losses have been further reduced by returning them to work earlier.
LYONS # CLEARANCE SALE
RECONDITIONED KLKNITVRE We muet dispose of our tremeni doue stock of reconditioned furniture by January 1st. regardless of coat. Every article le thoroughly cleaned, reconditioned and eold with a definite money-back guarantee of satisfaction. This la a wonderful opportunity to buy that furniture you need at a fraction of It# real value. QC Chesterfield Suites, (S pieces) In a large variety of etylee and covers, all guaranteed thoroughly clean Priced from $1.50 up. 39 Dining Room Suites In oak, walnut and birch, all nine piece suites, buffet, china cabinet and extension table and « leather upholstered chaire, completely finished. Priced from $24.95.
Bed Room Suite», in birch, t, enamel finishes, dree. full else bed. sagieia i and brand new etely refinished. Priced from up.
Chesterfields. $4.9$: Chester-
1S55h@B£HB I BFeSraB-Sl
well-tufted heavy roll edge. Spécial
FREE BART CHICKS
'REE — 1,600 CHICKS. BRAT'S Big Annual Chick Contest. A prise tor ever/ man. woman or child that enters. 20 ears First prise 200 Bray chick». Second >rlse IS# Bray chicks. II other prises ranging ISO Bray chicks. Even if you’re not the first 20 winners you got m credit note entitling you to IS extra chicks on your regular Bray order. There are no strings to thi» contest, nothing to buy or sell. Get In the running for one of those fine For full information and #n
right aide and new the lace over the stitching, material will be neatly finished.
Q. How can I test mushroomsT
A. The healthful parts of the mushrooms can be tested by stirring while cooking with a silver spoon. If there Is any foreign substance in the mushrooms, the stiver will turn color.
BIG prise# for the wln-
The emotions that cause decay
Both sides of the
from 2S to
depress the action of the pam-tkyrold glands which régulât# the calcium metabolism of the body
ns
and establish a balance between
the acidity and alkalinity."

form clip this advert!
t
PREVENTS CLOT FORMATION Heparin, a powerful coagulant, has been definitely established as of gerat value in all openrtions on
met! to Fred W. Bray, Limited, John Street, North. Hamilton, tarlo.
s
Wants Tail-lights For Pedestrians
Dead Minnows Cause Mystery
The value of building rcpreeent-by 'permits taken out in Ûfty-it Canadian cities during the
25
walnu ser. chest.
ed
TWO FARM* ONE OARAGE AND
erne barber shop on highway. Write it H R. Huxtabls, She*bur me, Ont.

venting the formation of clots, Dr. W. E. Gallic, dean of the faculty of medicine and head of tho department of surgery at Toronto University announced last week.
SR
mattress.
Émet ten months of tho present year was $62,896,769 compared wHk $47,962,820 In the
Pedestrians carrying lie plates and tall lights in Ontario
Thousands of dead minnows, covering tho watera of Kincardine, (Ont.) harbor, are a puzzle to Ashot the locality. %
A taw years ago a Ilka aocer-
PATEJTTf
might not be a bad idea Gor-
don Conant, Attorney General of Ontario told • traffic safety conference In Toronto loot
SEARCH "EMBEDDED"STAR
ranee caused considerable coaster-
for the death of
M RE
sun believed to bo hidden behind
.¦MEMBER
:	lyons
Ike minnow, eouM be fonnd. The
Of empowering
le replete pedes e mesne of
eeddents Ce#-
Ike queetion
mddpeMUee
• see

Harvard Observatory, Cambridge,
free booklet sad full
8
¦I t away for analyst!, was thought factory refuse
our
traffic
rtdudng site
ter were

e«d
K'L
• to tke
kdCODifl
iter
FURNITURE CO. 47S Y
T
river, which enters Lake
amt woo asked whether It would
seek, geordlng Is	¦¦¦
explained by Dr. Bart J, Boh. Tho
Heron at the harbor mouth, might have caused the minnows to die by
bo possible to force persons
a certain age" to secure
coal sack la the
jsssmst
ll.lt. Poet Paid With free book ^Animal Alimenta. * Bell A Fo I (Canada) Limited I I af Taterinarr Medicines, Verdun Dept: r
black patch is the Milky Way. Tho sack is located next to the South
licensee to walk on the streets
s
ont
and to carry lights it night.
•The question deserves con eiderstion," Conant said.
I8ND vs TOUR TRACTOR MAOiOL te and Generator Repairs. We you money	Allan nor
ifanfr. t«I Bay 6t To
Gulls, usually avid seekers of the minnows are leaving the deed fish
era Cross, where It stands ont as
VI
an Intensely dark field In a very
bris
Armature
t
r t A
alonr
portion of tho Milky Way
L «
S


.
###PAGE###8###
Service Announcement
Horses For Sale
January ’Savings in Heavy Clothing
Shaw ville Vested Oburcii Rev. A P. Pokes B. A., B.D. Tutor
One Pair Matched Clyde Mares, rising
two and three years.
One Bay Work Horse, weighing IOjO 12 years old.
One Blood Mare, rising two years old. One Driving liursc, well broke», rnsu ^ four years
These horses will bo sold very cheap for cash.
DALE’S TINSHOP
Sunday, Jan. 8
11.00 a m., Service at Shawville 1 30 p in., Service at Zion 3.00 p m , Service at Stark # Corners.
Sermon subject : 'The Tramps of Life*
7.30 pm, Service at Shawville
First of a series on “Littlt Words that
V Two letter Word,
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Students Overcoats fully lined and interlined,
heavy woollen cloth, sizes to 37 priced to clear at................................
Good Quality Doeskin Workshirts, “Deacon make", in navy scarlet and wine, sizes 14 1-2 to 17 1-2.........................
Bob Morris Winter Caps, heavy cloth, with ear bands..............................
Horsehide Pullover Mitts, full welted, with choppers thumb..................................
Woollen Work Socks .............................
Apply to
NORMS it. HORNKll
Shawville, Quo
Count’ 1st But a Hard Word to Buy
m
8
Maple Syrup Equipment
$9.50
Phone 43
llRihToi. United Ciivrch V. ArmstronuSalsm, B, I>

a
Campbell*» Bay Y. P. U.
The an mini meeting of So Andrew’* United Church Y. P. u, wan held on Tuesday evening, of ln>t week at the home ol Mr*. (Jen McLean, with Russell Smith
presiding	....
Reparte showed a splendid year.
Rov. E G. Warren presided lor the election of the enduing term. Russell Smith xvhh re elected as president. Other officers arc Hon. president, Rev. 8 G. Warren ; vice president, Ernest Lun am secretary treasurer, M. R. Hendei son ; convener* : Christian citizen ship and fellowship, Blanche Lui» sin ; missionary, Etta Loken ; re creation, R Smith and Warren Cain ; Christian culture, John Mac Loan y social. Maude Smith ; correspondent, Ernest Liinnm.
The joint hostesses, Mrs. Mac Loan ond Mrs Cain, served re freshinents at the close.
Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment ? If not, do so now ! as this is the time of year we make up supplies. Give us your order
now ! we can supply you with :
Pans, all sizes
Sunday, Jan. 8
St. Andrew’s Service at 10 30 “	“ Sunday School 11.SO
$1.25
g
Servie) at Service at
(Kindly note the change of time Subject : “The Risk of Believing ¦¦¦¦n Jesus Chriet.
Austin
Knox
7.30
some
!
$1.00
ANGLICAN Sunday, January s
St. Pavl’h
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m.- Morning Prayer 7.30 p. m. - Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity Service Withdrawn
St. Lvke'h
1 30 p tu. Evening Prayer
Sap Cans,
Maple Syrup Cans, Evaporators
6Sote.
25 cts.
Iron Coolers,
Spoils,
Norris B. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE,
iflBBiiiiiiMiiiHiPiiiiii mmummamm
Report of North Onslow No. 1 School
December Meeting of Klmatde Women’s Institute
sou, aged 54 year*.
The deceased was born in Clarendon, Que., a son of the late Mr. and Mr*. Thomas Richardson, and had resided in Edmonton for the past thirty year* lie is survived b Mrs. John Foster, and Mrs. Frank Bropby, of Los Angeles, Calif.; also several nieces d nephews.
Interment was made in Edmonton on Dec. 24th. the anniversary of the deceased's birth.
Many Attend Funeral of Mrs, John Ross
Many relatives and friends attendee! the funeral of Margaret Victoria Bennett, beloved wile of John Ross, on Saturday, December 24th, from the home ot her father to St. George’s Anglican Church, Campbell’s Bay. Service was conducted by the rector, Rev. Donald
Interment was made
Grade 1—Over 90 per cent., Ralph Young, Alterna Alexander.
Murray.
Grade 2—Over 80 per cent.
Ireland.
Grade 3 Over 90 per cent
Over 70 per cent, Keith
XV. J. Murray was the
Mr*PIMM- -,	PUPP
hostess for the December meeting of the Blmside Women's Institute. The meeting being an open one. there were a goodly number ot gentlemen as well as a good turn out of members and other lady
visitors	, Al
After the business part ol the
meeting was disposed of, two special speakers were listened to with much interest. They were Miss G L, McKechnie, who gave a very vivid description of her time in Mexico, and especially bow the le of Mexico observe the
season by portraying
the birth of Christ, the ceremony being carried out in a most solemn
manner,	.	.. ..
The second speaker, Mr. Neil Drummond, agronomist, gave a very graphic and instructive address oû the eradication of the warble fly ; how successful the treatments have been elsewhere and why everyone should avail themselves of the opportunity *>f having their stock treated. ^
A vote of thanks was tendered
the speakers. _
The exchange of gifts by the members was a very happy mo* ment for all, so many useful 'gifts being exchanged this year.
The hostess then served refreshment and a social hour brought a very|profitable evening to a dose.
Shawville Bakery
Doris

Hilton
y two sisters, Melfort. Saak ,
Marie
Anmtsgo
Ireland.
Grade 4- Over 90 per cent., XX syne Armitage. Over 80 per cent., Graham Young.
Grade 5-Over 00 per cent., Lawrence Alexander.
Grade 7—Over 80 per cent., Shirley Code. Over 70 per cent., Claude Young.
Grade 8 Over 00 per cent., Jean Armitage. Over 70 per cent., Horace Armitage
an
for a tasty loaf try
Andrews ¦¦
at Charted*	.	.
The late Mr*. Ro*s was in her 30th year, and had resided in the community all her life and was Funeral ol
£* SrcS',ofhr5K.“’ro"*d.Lî
mwm
mm
kivown.
Patrick Moore	Her husband died some years
—	ago and she is survived by two
sa ^ - «. —r>-
SSSt/StS.“*-«? «-W w ” ’	°.f % JwW,*
Interment was made in Pontiac Eleot Officers 	^rs. (hc selizzada dei Corazzieri be-
* Mr.^oore was in his 58th year Shawville United W. M. S. held puster^becaupc oUts spindletnak-
««111
"h.^to hi, many tnend, and	y ^	|or	center of Venice.
esiiBia
gesea üISeS
The" pallbearers were John F.Kadea; Hnanee committee, Mr*.	H. C. ROW AT,
ly secretary, Mrs. P. J. Masson visiting committee. Mis. D. J
Campbell, Mrs C. XVil.son, Mrs. C.	In MemOPlwn
Henry Merrlfleld	Draper; CGI T leader, Mrs. A.	-
A...	«A.dl« Dl~ gggr	,t„t TS I.	of... J... m...»
fpSI SB!
mums
and Matilda Lusk, and had lived recipients. _	_	__
U«t11 of lethe'‘ family,' hh other j Anaual New Years Sapper
brother, Justice, died about on* J Well Patronised
Ho is survived by a
Shawville Bread
people
Christ
as
M. E. Laird, Teacher
H. 1. HOBBS, Prop.
Announcement I
I wish to announce to the people of owvilln and district, that I purl
Shawville and district, that I purpose to conduct a Horse Livery during the XVinter months. Day and night calls will be promptly attended to.
HAROLD HAYES
Shawville, Que.
It Costs Less t j Own a Westinghouse
Battery or Electric
Model B-S-41-A
$69.60
Phoue 13 — 7

Cattle Fop Sale

\—Two-year-old Hobteia Heifer I—Seven-year-old Holstein Cow.
1 —Right-year-old Holstein Cow,
All due to freshen in February 1 -Year-old Holstein Bulk A numbtor of younger females.
All listed and T.B. tested.
Apply to
CLARENCE BROWN LEH, R. R. No. l Shawville, Que.
Street Names Have Meaning
' Venice attempts to preserve everything connected with its his-Its street names may be puz-
04*A«
Its almost too good to be true. This handsome five tube Westinghouse radio uses less batteries than former four
The performance features listed here, show
Thus the Fvczzcrm was so
tube sets
much better thah ordinary values or the amount of the
For a comparatively small sum
Phone 20-7
purchaser's investment generous radio enjoyment is provided
Automatic Volume Control on two tubes. Automatic tone compensation. Ajnstible iron core antenna and I P. coils of design give excellent stability, selectively and tone,
Reductions on
Memorials
son
new
with new freedom front noise, and remarkable battery
in
economy.
Give the family one for Christmas. For a demonstration cifll your loetl dealer.
Marble and Granite
Tenders Wanted
Wilmer H. Hodgins
It is natural for you to wish to erect ft fitting mein orial to the memory of a loved one.
We believe that our years of experience in the manufacture of memorials, enables ui to produce a suitable memorial at all prices.
We ofler on any order placed between now and May
1st. a discount of 10 percent.
Shawville, Que.
Phone, 20-18
Archie Diofcte, ~• Knox and Ernie Keon
Saw Logs Wanted
away
Shawville
Marble & Granite Works Main Street, Shawville, Que.
Highest Cash Prices Paid for
Pine, Spruce, Basswood, Balsam, Poplar, Hemlock,
Oak and Birch
BSTABL1BHBD 1888
COACH
INVALID
number of nephnw*.
Among the beautiful floral offer inga received wan a wreath from 9t Luke’s Guild, Eardley The pallbearer# were ¦¦¦ Clarke, Wru. Merrifleld. Ira Merrl field and Stanley Merrifield.
The annual New Year* supper and entertainment, under the auspice# of St j’atiV# Ladle#’ Guild, at the Theatre hall on Monday evening, came off most *ueee*i»fiillj despite tin favourable weather con
ilitions. j $ £	. a _ __ _
Fur the program the A Y.r.A repeated tneir play "The Fath Aero** the Hill* and Shawville Boys’ Band filled in the inter mi*~ion* with lively selection*.
¦MMeMBHfcJOIb.lBwb
GEORGE HYNES & EON
Walter
Hodgins Lumber Co.
Shawville, Que.
Director! of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
Phone, 27
Phone 80
i
The death occurred at Ed mon ton. Alta., on Wednesday, Dec 21st, of George Eastman. Richard
The rector, Rev presided.
