###PAGE###1###

NO IS, àriU ÏKAB
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY,
OCTOBER 19. 19:9
$1 50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United States
I
Chick fn Sm*Kit - The (Jiris* Cnlld of St. Paillé Anglican church, Shfiwville, will hold a Chicken Supper, Friday evening, October 27th I ¦	¦
Thomas Mc Cool Will Oppose E. C. Lawn in Corning Elections
An Th h Kqvity goe« to pren early Wednesday morning, port from Returning Officer, 0. 0. Me Dowel I, stated that he had re ceived the official » nomination papers of two candidate* for the forthcoming general provincial elections on October 25th. These are Edward C. Lawn, of (jump-Imll a Bay, member of the last Legislature, ns the official Liberal candidate, and Thomas McCool, of Sheen boro, as Union Nationale candidate.
The official sitting of the Re turning Officer is from 12 o'cloc k, noon, to 200 p. m., and further nominations are not expected.
Following nominations a public meeting will beheld in the Town Hall. Campbells Hay, when both candidates and their supporting speakers will address the electors.
GEORGES CARON IGOWLIXG
BUSINESS
». A. ». C. L.
Advocate, Barrister
At Campbell's Bay Friday, Saturday and Monday
Shawville Hardware
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school ha** removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most • modern in Ontario.
3 school with
reputation. Open all year.
Shooting Match — Under the auspices of Ladysmith O. Y. H ,
No. 318, a shooting match for tnr-
&• ratarr w. o. chisnbll
_ pubUq Auctioneer
be held in the hall. Admission, 251 Bailiff Superior Court
cents.
a re*
Aladdin Lamps
Attend a an established
Slttzlet of Fsntlae
Chicken Swren — The Ladle* of Holy Trinty Church Guild,
H idfoid. will hold a Chicken Sup per iu the parish hall on Friday,
. Oct. 20th. Supper served from ti
^vSéral^,“kêrNnf'rom'l,t1if)Union |Teeeher e,,iane- Th*»nf •* Muilo and Mermen,
Nationale anar Liberal Political Group* will address the gathering during tint evening.
SHAWVILLE
QUE.
W. I. cowutic,
President
EVELYN M. PALMER, L.D.C.M.
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
Protect your eyes and use
JAMES A. MILLAR
I wish to inform the public that I will be at Mrs. Lindaiy Armstrong* residence, Main Street, Shaw ville, on Tuesday of each week.
Aladdin Mantle Lamps
$5.50 and up
A# i L L «L#
ADVOCATE, ARRISTER.au.
|28 Main St
Al Pontiac Home, Sh.wrille, Wedne.d.y afternoon
AtMoyle'a Hotel,Campbell’.Bay,
every Wednesday morning.
Cl&r.ndon Women'» Inntltate Held Social Evening
Hull,Que*
•f
Phone 22—14.
The Octobei meeting ot Clarendon Women’s Institute wo# held at the home of Mrs. Wilbur Horner,
Wyman Women’s Institute
The monthly meeting of Wy.i Women’s Institute was held the home of Mia James Kilroy, with the president, Miss Abbi Pritchard, presiding.
This branch took first place in the XV. I. exhibits nt Shaw ville Fair, while one of their members, Mrs. W, F. Pritchard, won the special prie*.
A report Of the semi annual meeting held at Pine Lodge. Bristol, was given by Mrs. Roland Graham, and business arising therefore) was discussed. Work for the Red Crbss Society will be carried on as soon as materials are * available. A paper prepared by Mr A A. McCartney, of the Bank of Montreal, on "Banking for Wo men ’ was read by Miss Edey.
The programme was concluded by community singing. Tea was served by the hostess, assisted by Miss Iris Kilroy.
every
... ,	,	. . Eloquent speeches will be de-
Wednesday evening with livened bv able Statesmen ...
Mrs. Hurry Hodglne in charge. Bristol’* Biggest Baz**rf October «NM.ted by Mi*» Miuerv* Corngnn. 17th, 18th end 10th.
It being social evening quite a	T| 1
number of visitors were present.
During the business session it was decided to .begin Red Cross work required during war time,
in couneetion with other branche;. Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin R. Fee,
of Ottawa, wish to announce the
*n.i l.hytttiMwmev the property thy ,Mtfl 0porge T Horner, of
sarj sssRtkjttr -
Mrs. R. H. Elliott was appointed delegate to the semi annual con vention to be held at Fine Lodge,
Bristol, the following day.
A paper on “Winter Storage of
sœ IPMSi »
tion Council met in the Dunraven Mltn,T	weie witnesses.	s 1 *¦	¦¦¦
United Church, C Unmet island on H*yJf *¥wSi	f	I T,ie blldti "ol* a costume M
ly. Delegate* were present ” "* w* u‘ wooqs	burnt rust «hade with brown ac
ing minsioDiiry interest in the Sun	(^meti-ry. Rev. *.©• the bride, from Fortage d i Fort, | Matters .leak with by correspondence
sarsikist s
Sunday School attendance," Re T Th^ ™II hi-™ w»,.« w<MaM	WhbBLER —Iuvk
I ier„‘3d F&HSRToeâdây	’ J„I
ESSS SISE iSfli
Jack Tolhurst, Shawville ; child- Thn« ‘ w!»iu *nfStJ ifu.nd-«h a colonial bouquet of Rapture ren’s work, Miss Eddie. Wyman ; s«m Wnîrl. nf 1 - kZ ro*** intermingled with pink leadeiship training. Rev. E G. i},!” Wi Lm Wu \ f i hvi bouvardi ahd Sweetheart roses.
Warren, Campbell's Bay.	Wl,,lam VVatson, of David- Miss Benia Kranch wore a gown
at
man
at
Full line of supplies always on hand
e
ENGAGEMENT
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
Frk-Hornkh
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
— In the G. F.Hodgin* Building Main Street, Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
C
OBhn:
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Buy, Que. In Lawn Block)
MARRIED
Good Feeding*
Stkwart- Trudeau
CLINTON H. DOWD
B A. LL. C.L.
Advocate, Barrister Main Street .
,	Phone, Sber. 1354
Large Attendance at Sunday School Convention
etc.
Britain Plans Food Purchases
• f
• IIl'LL, Que.
Que
Therefore it is important that “Good Feeding’’ be the watch word of every farmer in order to produce highest quality foodstuffs.
Britain will look to Canada for Bacon, Hams Lard, Butter, Eggs, Wheat, Cheese, etc etc.
DONAT Le GUERRIER
LL.
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Branch at Quyon ; will cal! any Monday on request,
Monda fiom !
B. A

• #
V
i e
9
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT BARRISTER
PHONE, HI
HULL, QUEBEC
We Stock Royal Purple Products
Calf Meal,
Protein Concentrate, Stock Specific, Poultry Specific,
Hog Tonic,
Laying Mash,
Oyster Shell Iodized Salt Lice Powder Sulpher Saltpetre Cough Powder
every
Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m.
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Phone • I.
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Graduate ot McGil University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals1
* SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
PflONE 19
At Campbell's Bay from Friday night to Monday nigh of each week.
Dr. Bell’s Remedies
(.
Dr. Bells Distemper and Cough Powder
Worm and Indigestion Remedy Extract Lotion Kidney and Blood Powder
it
<<
I of Sunset rose chiffon — shaped bonnet of gossamer chffon in Sunset rose in solid petal effect.
She carried a bouquet of Premier roses and forget me-note.
A reception was held at the home of the bride’s parents and later the bride and bridegroom left on a . motor trip to the Eastern States.
I For travelling, the bride donned a Hunter's green suit with a tweed box coat and green accessories.
Out of-town guests at the wedding included Mr. and Mrs. R J., —	-	—	e
Wheeler Mr and Mr». E»rl| GordOH T. PôUl
j Wheeler, Mr. and Mrs L Barrett,
Miss Evelyn Barrett and Mr. and Mrs. C W. Dickson, all of Mont real; Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Marks, of Wyman, Que; Mr. and Mrs Leslie Dale, of Shawville, Que . and Mr. and Mrs George Tuck, of
Keraptville.
A heart-
n
a
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
i i
• <
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat Specialis t
Jlei ui -plan ifau/i
OTTAWA. -
PHONE. 2 -7061
ONT.
HOME IMPROVEMENT LOAN
Linseed Meal, Oil of Tar, Epsom Salts,
Bitter Aloes
Now is the time to improve or extend your property to make it more useful, more comfortable or more profitable to you. The monthly repayments can be arranged to suit your convenience. Why not talk it over with our Branch Manager today?
-. »	Write or cm!! Jot descriptive booklet
INSURANCE
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong , Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
<6e BANK of NOVA SCOTIA
W. A. Hodgins, Lt*d
Coerusse DANCE-Adina Rebekah Lodge will hr Id a mixed costume dance In the Theatre Hall on ' Monday night, Oct. 30tb. Prizes . I will be awarded for best costumes and there will be a door prize. Costumes optional. Refresh mente served. Good orchestra. Admis Won, 86 cents.
Shawville
Quebec
ICE
IN
U *
SHAWVILLE - QUE
I


###PAGE###2###
_	A *	1	I the University of Californie, Ber.
* *rm Animai*	I ^i]fy- investigations show that
Need Phosphate j p^phorus deficiency not only
fsuiee low of appetite and conee.
quant decrease in beef and milk
production but haa a profoundly depressing effect on the reprodue» tive pew cm of breeding animals.
Trenches And Dugouts Fill This English Schoolyard
Sunday
School
Lesson
/
Deficiency of phosphorus in soils and in crops produced thereon is widely prevalent snd is the chief reason for mineral supplements in the feeding of livestock. At
n


»v W
#
) This Curious World
By WMliam Ferguson
LESSON III
THE TEMPTATION OF JESUS
Matthew 4
Printed Text, Matt. 4:1-11.
Golden Text—For we have . . . one that hath been in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
X
L
#
ON KENTS ISLAND. BAY OF FUNOV,
HERRINS GULLS
TRAMPLE DOWN TREE
»
m
v
\

f
v"
1
-V-
V
TOPS SO SOUOLV
s
Heb. 4:15
THAT A MAN CAN WALK ATOP THE
abnormallv
grown branches
V
7
Time—The spring of A.D. 27 Place

i
- -0#%
l-ilk ' t
A wilderness, though its definite location is not known.

t\ê
w%.*
Vf fi
The greatest temptation in Our Lord’s life occurred immediately after the glorious, exhilirating experience of the baptism, the descent of the Holy Spirit, and the voice from heaven declaring Christ to be God’s beloved Son spiritual excitement comes the re action.

#
*5%
k
V
%
Pupils are shown leaving the air raid precautions trenches and dugouts in the playground of Southall Technical school after the daily air raid drill on the reopening of -school. Southall Was the first school to reopen after the outbreak of war. Trenches and shelters are being constructed in all school playgrounds throughout England. Letters mark the shelters to which certain classes are assigned in the event of a raid.
After
1.	Then was Jesus led up of the Spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil. Why was Jesus tempted? There are sevrai reasons: it gave proof of his true humanity; it»was part of his example to us; it formed part of his personal discipline and of his preparation to be a sympathetic intercessor. Of the devil. “Satan’1 means simply, “adversary.”
2.	And when he had fasted forty days and forty nights, he afterwards hugered.
The Threefold Attack
3.	And the tempter came and •aid unto him. If thou are the Son of God, command that these stones become bread. The first object of the enemy was to destroy the Lords faith. Satan cunningly hinted at the obvious inconsistency of a man in as deplorable a condition as Christ was, claiming to be the Son of God.
4.	But he answered and said, It m written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God. In sum, Christ meant this:
Far be it from me to prescribe to God the mode in which he shall provide me substance. Rather will I trust his omnipotent creative power, which can find means to satisfy my hunger, even in the desert, though it may not be with man's food. Christ had no wish to free himself from the sense of human weakness and dependence.
The Ea«y Way
5.	Then the devil taketh him into the holy city; and he set him on the pinnacle of the temple.
6. And saith unto him, If thou art the Son of God, cast thyself down; for it is written, He shall give his angels charge concerning thee:
and, on their hands they shall bear ,	_
thee up, lest haply thou dash thy I Make Good JudgCS foot against a stone. Satan here |	e	°
At American Meet
ual Judges, Innis of the O. >A. C was seventh in the contest, Ed wards ninth, and Stanaell tenth while In Judging beef alone Ed wards was high man in the con
City Existence Ruining Zulus
Ridicule Becomes
Dangerous
Weapon
In the Hands of the User— Men Tire Quickly Of Girl Who Is Always "Rawing"
MALE
BUMBLEBEES
test
The Zulu Regent, Mshiyem, made an appeal to the Minister of Native Affairs, of South Africa, H. A. Fagan, at a meeting in Natal to consider giving his people “rights and privileges to make them a strong nation,” reports the S.A. Press Association.
Mshiyeni said that in certain cases their traditions had been despoiled. That they did not want. Their wives were running away from them and their girls were being ruined in front of their eyes and they could do nothing.
Not Enough Rights
They felt Zulus were becoming reduced and in time the Zulu would become extinct. He desired the Zulu nation to become a strong people, but he felt they had not the necessary rights and privileg-
He said the authorities had taken over the brewing and selling of beer and the natives were not allowed to make beer in private houses.
In the towns they drank European liquor which went to their he*ls
ter system could be devised
i
The home addresses of these students are as follows:	C. E.
Geen, Thomaeburg, Ontario; G. W. Innis, Woodstock, Ontario; A. R Stansell, Straffordville, Ontario, and E. W. Edwards, Bolton, Ontario.
DO NOT
IN
SURVIVE
THE
WINTER MONTHS
#*32.
MANY

THE EARTH»* COLLISION T! WITH A CCMCr/V THEY SOLD THOR>
belongings t
AND GATHERED1 IN CHURCHES
A lot of girls today are being pretty careless with a dangerous weapon — ridicule — and some of them are going to get hurt.
They use it on each other — and that isn't so dangerous — but some of them turn it onto men. and then wonder why they don't hold the men they meet and attract.
Going To Get Hurt It’s modern — this idea of poking fun at the person you want to impress. And used occasionally and smartly, it adds spice to a girl's personality. It lifts her out of that
pamby
It Isn't Wise
To Rock Baby
*e~
%
•Of* 1WÎ #v MCA 9IRVK( INC.
ONLY the female bumblebees live through the winter. When spring comes, they crawl forth from their hibernating places and locate a building site. During the early part of the season, only workers—imperfect females—are produced. In late summer, males •nd perfect females appear.
It Irritates Rather Than Soothes Infant, Doctors Declare
the ancient
“Rock a Bye, Baby cradle lullaby, should be banned from the modern nursery, according to the Chicago Infant Welfare Society.
The society's doctor declared that sentiment must give way to science; babies must not be rocked. Rocking, the doctors said, irritates rather than soothes the baby, and If he falls asleep, it is onlÿ from general exhaustion.
To support its theories, the society claims it lost only 5.8 babies per 1.000 in 1938 as against 42 per 1,000 in 1911.
such-a-nicegirl
namby class.
But there are times when it is human to resent razzing. Any girl who wants to get a man in lore with her or keep him that way ought to realize those times.
One time, when this line is nope, is when a man wants sympa-

es
MODERN STATESMAN
HORIZONTAL
1,7 Pictured English statesman.
10	To corrode
11	Name.
12	To force.
14 Journey.
16	Booty.
17	To exist.
17 Twice.
20 To scold.
22	To cut grass.
23	Native metal
24	Epoch.
26	Genus of geese.
27	One plus one.
28	Meadow.
30	To make a mistake.
31	Kiln.
35	Valuing.
36	Rabbit
36 Fern seed.


He asked whether a bet
thy

When He Wants Sympathy
Another time is when a man is on the subject of his ambitions and plans for the future. He wants un-“understanding'1 then, and he will not take anything else and like it.
Ridicule is a dangerous indulgence for a woman matter how she “dishes it out,” for the moment she is being the very opposite of feminine.
UKttN
NOTES
RADIO
18	Valiant man
19	Wading bird 21 Soap
substitutes.
25 Palace.
29 More painful. 53 Passage.
54 Composition for nine instruments.
Because no
NEWS
AND
52 Mountain pass 3 Three
collectively*
4	Antagonistic. 40 Mathematical
5	Poem******ig**3*
6	Compass point 42 Singing voice#
43 Nobleman.
enthusiastic. 44 Merriment
8	Walleyed pike. 46 Head of
9	Turkish title	¦¦¦
12 He has a
By MADGE ARCHER
30 Self.
32	More modern
33	Reverence.
34	Apprehends.
37	Elf's child.
38	Heavenly
TO BE HEARD
CBL, Monday right
FOR MUSIC LOVERS
Arturo Toscanini's first program with the NBC Symphony Orchestra on Saturday, October 14th, at 10:00 p.m. over the NBC and CBC, will include Schubert’s Symphony.” Richard Strauss' tone-
poem, “Don Juan”, a Haydn Symphony and Ottorino Respighi's orchestration of Bach’s Passacaglia
term
11:46 a m through to Friday, Getting the Most Out of Life.
October 13th
CFRB, Kate Smith
quotes Psalm 91:11, 12. The devil once more insinuates the doubt about Christ’s being the Son of
God
prove the Messiahship by working a miracle to save himself from being dashed to pieces? It is perhaps a suggestion that Christ should take an easy road to success. Such a prodigious sign or miracle would convince both the priests and the people that he was the Messiah.
7.	Jesus said unto him, Again it is written, Thou shalt not make trial of the Lord thy God. Christ does not deny the correctness of the Satanic quotation but insists that half-truths often form the worst heresies.
8.	Again, the devil taketh him unto an exceeding high mountain, and showeth him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them; 9. and he said unto him, all these will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me. All these things Satan tempted him with Christ would some day have, and more, by his precious death; why not take them now and thereby escape all the suffering and agony and shame that were between this hour and the resurrection ?
65 Arrow poison 7 To become juice.
57	He was secretary of
affairs.
58	To disagree
OA.C. Students Stand Third in International Competition in Judging Dairy Cattle
body
If Christ will not
Catholic church.
personality.	47 Enthusiasm.
13 Copper.	50 Not (prefix).
15 A------career 51 Carmine.
is predicted 53 Provided that, for him
Unfinished
8:00 p.m Hour. 9:30 p.m erne.
39 Chinese
CBL, Symphony Mod
money.
41 Tapping lever 45 To impel.
48	Lion.
49	To habituate.
VERTICAL
2 Roman emperor.
October 14th
— CBL, Weekly Sports
A team of students from the Ontario Agricultural College were successful entrants in the stock and meat judging competitions at * the Eastern States Exposition, Springfield, Mass.
In the competition in Judging dairy cattle there were twelve teams from as many colleges. Maryland States College took first place, Michigan State College second, and , the Ontario Agricultural College third. Considering the different breed competitions, the O A. C. team stood first In judging Jerseys and third in Judging Guernseys and Holsteins.
As individual Judges and in judging all breeds, C. E. Geen of the O. A. C. stood fifth, A. R. Stansell ninth, and G. W. Innis eleventh.
Am individual judges in separate breeds, Stansell was first in Judging Jerseys and Geen first in judging Brown Swiss cattle.
In the dressed meats competi- I tlon there were five teams enter- I ed. The O. A. C. team stood mec- I ond in judging beef and third in I Judging pork and lamb. As Individ- I
8:15 p.m . Parade.
10:00 p.m. — CBL, NBC Orchestra with Toscanini.
and Fugue in C minor.
The following week the Maestro will conduct the world premiere of the Third Symphony of Roy Harris, Principal of the Rochester School of Music. Toscanini begins his six-concert Beethoven cycle on October 28, continuing until December 2. After that Desire De-Bernardino Molinari and
56 Street
October 15th
3:00 p.m. — CFRB, N. Y. Philhar monic Orchestra.
7:00 p.m. — CBL, Jack Benny.
8:00 p.m. — horn Hour
9:00 p.m. -ing Hour.
T
CBL, Chase and San
Fauw
Bruno Walter will fill in until the Maestro returns for eight more concerts beginning March 16.
FROM HAWAII
All three major networks in the United States, the CBC in Canada, and short-wave stations, will be fused into a gigantic network on Sunday, October 16, at 11:00 a m. for a world-wide broadcast of a concert from Hawaii. This is the sixth semi-annual inter continental presentation under the auspices of the International Broadcasting Union. Th $ program from the stations KGU and KGMB Honolulu, will consist exclusively of Hawaiian music by a native chorus and orchestra.
CFRB, Sunday Even
October 16th
— CBL, Tommy Riggs
8:00 p.m and Betty Lou 8:30 p.m. — Please.
32
CBL, Information
CBL, Appointment
9:00 p.m. — with Agostini
October 17th
8:30 p.m. — CBL, Serenade for Strings.
1:30 p.m
and his orchestra.
October 18th »
CBL, One Man's Fam
CBL, Percy Faith
8:00 p.m
«y
CBL, Kraft Music
10:00 p.m
The Rejection
0. Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hence, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve. Here for the first time Christ speaks in his own power, and by the victory he has won this day is able actually to command this evil creature to depart from him. Christ today retains that power, and can command Satan to depart from us when we cry to him for deliverance.
Hall
POP—Too Jubilant
By J. MILLAR WATT
THE COOK AND 1 ’AMES WERE CELEBRAT I NS
OUR SILVER WEDDING v-\
WHAT WAS ALL THAT
NOISc. DOWNSTAIRS,
WELL. Don't LET IT
HAPPEN-
AGAIN !
9

>1

1
11. Then the devil leaveth him and behold, angels came and min ietered unto him.
)


“E” Is Commonest
In all European languages the letter E is the commonest. On an average it has been found that, in 1,000 letters, E occurs 187 times in English, 146 in Spanish, 178 in Germsn, and 184 in French.	#
J
J
o

o

O
o
l

\
i
J
1
\
right use. In las Ball Syme&cat*. i.~.)
2
###PAGE###3###
SCOUTING
“Fire And The Sword" Laid Waste This Polish Village
CIGARETTE
PAPERS
# -- • --
NONE FINER nIaDE
C/uinlctie t
life
Canadian Boy Scoute who are * looking for opportunities of useful non-military wartime service may And inspiration in the various kinds of service being found by their brother Scouts in England under the immediate cloud of war.

&

'



m
In one rural town, during the evacuation of women and children from London, says a summary report just received from Imperial Headquarters of the Boy Scouts Association, 70 blind and infirm people arrived quite unexpectedly. Scouts and Girl Guides immediately went to the rescue. They collected and filled straw mattresses for use in improvised sleeping quarters, arranged for blankets and food, and gave all other possible aid to the helpless persons.



s

DOUBLE AUTOMATIC BOOKLET
4
I

A.—Answering your inquiry of the 26th, as to comparison of chicken manure with Nitrate of Soda. Poultry manure carries to the ton 22 lbs. Nitrogen, 17 of Phosphoric Acid and 11 of Potash. Nitrate of Soda (16% N.) carries to the ton 300 lbs. Nitrogen, no Phosphorus and no Potash. This shows that the Nitrate of Soda is about 14 times as strong in Nitrogen as the chicken manure, but it does not carry the other in-edrents. This will give you a guide as to the rate at which you would apply the Nitrate of Soda to the asparagus and orchard, if you were making a basic application of say, 200 lbs. of Nitrate of Soda per acre. The chicken manure is valuable as a dressing to the orchard, providing the trees need Nitrogen. This you could judge by the twig growth. The asparagus will benefit materially by the Phosphate and Potash if chicken manure is applied to it.
Germans Wear Special Armor
0
The summary gives extracts of sample district roporto received from different parts of England. "For obvious reasons the reports are identified by numbers instead of names of places.”
Report No. 1. Great help was given at evacuation time. Thirty Scouts were on duty at the railway station, and an average of ten Scouts were on duty at 28 schools to assist the teachers Report No. 2

tf
Return to Mediaeval Costume Adopted for Machine Goa


Dispatches from the westers front In Popolo 41 Roma Italiaa newspaper, have described a new kind of armor—reminiscent of horse and buggy days as well aa the age of knighthood—being worm by German soldiers.
The armor consists of streamlined shields, the newspaper said, and of helmets with metal sideboards
blinders for horses—designed ta

til’
Twenty-five Scouts on duty. Jobs include telephoning, supplying messengers, filling sand bags and helping farmers with the harvest.
Report No. 3 tells of Sixty Scouts on sand bag filling.
Report No. 4, apparently from one of the larger areas, tells of all Scout Troop meetings being held on Saturday afternoons, to avoid use of headquarters building after sunset—a bombing precaution. Assistance in day and night shifts is being given by Scouts and Rover Scouts at hospitals and nursing homes.
Winning Plowmen
To Visit Old Land
How Can I ?
imilar in appearance ta
BY ANNE ASHLEY
Have You Heard
Salad# Tea Donates Trips to
protect the face.
Shields And Blinders
The armor, especially designed
as said
Canadian Winners #1 Inter-
Q.—How can I prevent black
boiled

national Plowing Match To Compete wfr1 Plowmen
spots from appearing on potatoes ?
A.—Add a teaspoonful of vine-to the water while they are
British
for sharpshooter units to be of almost Impenetrable alloy. For offensive purposes, It was said, each armored soldier was equipped with a small machine gun firing 120 bullets a minute.
These sharpshooter groups, the reports said, were organized Into small units which saw action oa the western front for the first time late In September.
4#
gar
A young man consulted a doc-He was afraid of a nervous
boiling.
Q.—How can I prevent chair legs from denting the linoleum?
A—Buy rubber crutch tips and place on the bottoms of the chair legs. These will prevent the chair legs from making dents in the linoleum, and also avoid much noise when moving the chairs around.
Q.—How can I relieve cough-
A new feature of the International Plowing Match which will be held at Brockville this year Is the Trans Atlantic Class, sponsored by Salada Tea Company. As a result of the generous contribution of that company, the Plowmen's Association plans for the first time In Its history, to send Canadian representatives overseas to compete in matches In the British Isles. So consequently, much new interest has been aroused among the farmers throughout the Province addition to the trip and Gold and Silver medals to the two Trans-Atlantic winners, Salada Is donating twelve cash prizes for this event totalling $160.00.
Furthermore, branches throughout the Province will each have a Salada Special event, the first prize being $10,000 In cash and the right to compete at the subsequent International Match.
Car of Future
Like A House
tor
breakdown.
"Why?" asked the doctor.
The man replied: "Because H talk to myself all the time/*
"That doesn't prove that you’re going to have a breakdown/* said the doctor.'
"But I*m so boring/' objected the patient.
Farm
Forum
Prediction That It Will Be A
Wheels With
Home on Hardly Any Increase in Size
(Conducted by Professor Henry G. Bell, of the Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph, with the Assistaece of other members of the Staff of the O.A.C.)
Q.—1 would like to have your opinion on using Ammo-Phoe. Fertilizer for Fall Wheat on a medium clay loam soil. I have used a small quantity of manure, and wonder if 60 lbs. per acre would be plenty. I was satisfied with it on Spring Grain last year at 60 ios. per acre. "J. B. V.,—Brant Co."
ing?
The automobile of the future, as described by Edwin L. Allen, a well-known figure in the American auto industry, resembles a home more than the present vehicles that fill city streets.
“In the not too distant future,” he said
car, push a button, and the door will open. We will have the impression of entering a commodious room. It will not be necessary to crawl around stationary seats and trip over bumps and tunnels in the floor. The seats will be light, movable chairs and the floor will be wide and flat.
“A portion of the roof will be made of a curved translucent material which will admit the healthgiving rays of the sun, at the same time removing the glare. A aeries of buttons will regulate the temperature and humidity to any desired condition of air. Pressing another button will unfold a concealed bed from out of the partition between the passenger and engine compartments. Many little passenger conveniences will be installed, such as toilet and lavatory facilities. All of this will be done without increasing the width or the height of the car at all and the length only slightly.”
“As we glide along “we will not be cut off from communication with the outside world, for there will be radio speakers and microphones in the walls, and without removing our eyes from the road we will be able to press a button and carry on a two-way conversation with our home or office."
Good Market For Tobacco Is Seen
A.—In severe cases of coughing, one or two tablespoonfuls of pure glycerine in pure rye whiskey, or hot rich cream will afford almost instant relief.
Q.—How can I keep the coffee pot sweet?
A.—Sprinkle salt in it and rub well around the inside with a damp cloth. Then rinse thoroughly with boiling water.
Q.—How can I prepare a good sandwich filling'
A.—Add to 1 cup of chopped ham enough vinegar to moisten, and 1 tablespoon of peanut butter. Add celery salt and pepper as seasoning. Mix wed before spreading between slices of bread.
Q.—How can I prevent splashing when watering house plants?
A.—Use a small funnel when watering the hoyse plants. Hold the funnel close to the roots when pouring the water, and there will be no splashing.
“Many film actresses are to be pitied rather than an vied." declare# a novelist who has been visiting Hollywood. Why,
In
Ontario Producers Likely T# Benefit By Preference
where their nest husband is coming from.
"My chicken's laid an egg," boasted one little girl at the tea-party.
"Mine laid two eggs,7 said another, not bo be outdone.
But their small hostess had the
last word.
"My daddy laid a corner-stone, she announced.
Confused Passenger:	Let
me off at the neat stop, con dueler; I thought this lunch wagon."
we will walk up to our
Flue-cured tobacco growers of Ontario anticipate a fairly brisk market this fall for their 1939 crop, with announcements made that the British buyers will give preference to the Empire crops. Representatives of the major buying companies, inspecting new crops, confirm these reports. The war la expected to increase rather than decrease the demand for tobacco, particularly cigarette types.
The latest estimate of the IMS flue-cured crop Is from 85,090,0$# to 88,000,000 pounds, or from 4,00#-000 to 6,000,000 pounds under the 1938 record-breaking crop of 9*. 000.000 pounds.
A.—In answer to your inquiry of j the 24th, I wish to say that Animo-Phoe. supplies two essential nutrients for the growth of Fall Wheat, namely. Nitrogen and Phosphate. If tlie clay loam has been fairly well farmed and already produces fairly heavy straw growth, I am of the opinion that straight Ammo-Phos. may supply too much Nitrogen and cause the grain to go down. This would not likely occur at -60 lbs. per acre. Ammo-Phos. of course, carries no Potash. Clay soil is naturally fairly well supplied with Potash unless it is a piece of land which has been heavily cropped for some years. One other point; Ammo-Phos. is a very concentrated form of fertilizer, hence be careful not to apply it too heavily next to the seed.
Q.—Please tell me what is the value of chicken manure (fresh and dry) compared with Nitrate of Soda. I want to use the chick-
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
1.	—Is it permissible to examine the various dishes on a cafeteria oo un ter before selecting a certain one.
2.	—If a party is given for the purpose of announcing an engagement who tells the news?
3.	—Should the telephone number ever be used in formal invitations?
4.	—Is it an indication of being “a man of the world" for a guest to arrive at a party in a state of intoxication, or become intoxicated at the party?
6.—When a guest, invited to dinner, finds that it will be impossible for him to arrive at the appointed hour, what is the best thing for him to do?
6.—When a young man calls at a girl's home to take her out for the evening, which suggests leaving?
Sambo had found a job for the week on a railroad section gang, and was taking leave of his family, when his wife came to the door.
When Turnip
Goes Stylish
w&ùiMteale (fUm cke&tcoâ(i\i£
(hdwahÿ Soie
tAtomt*. A
You hasn’t
"Come back, Sam cut a stick of wood fo* de stove —and you’ll be gone fo* a week !"
Same turned and looked very much aggrieved. "Honey,” he said tone of injured innocence,

Ontario Product For Export Across the Line Is A Fancy Vegetable

/
be said
m a gpe*, ¦
"what's de mattah? You-all talks though Ah was takln' de ax with me."
ni
There are sections of Ontario which export turnips, and the turnip In that trade has become quite a dandy, says the Peterborough Examiner. It is cleaned and waxed and in some cases the shipping station puts its name on the product. The trades takes the turnips to the United States, but the cows do not get them there. They are for table use, and there are plenty of people across the line who are convinced our turnip has a taste all its own. They regard them as many of our folk do the sweet potato from the
A
News note f Gulch: While the circus was playing here last week the bearded lady died amd left a wife and four children.
I
en manure chiefly on asparagus and orchard sex Co.”
J. W. P., Middle
LlNiM[Nf
in August
Heat-waves occur
often than in any other
Classified....
Advertising..
more
month
I'HOTOG H A i*H 1'
AGENTS WANTED
NOW IS THE TIME TO LET U» make reprints from your Summer Snaps, and order your Christmas cards. Prints 3 cts. each. Cards IS
_j l
postal card Resorts. F

1.—Yes, if it can be done with a glance, but one should not finger the saucers, or be conspicuous in selecting one that seems to be the largest. 2.—The girl herself, or her mother, tells the guests as they arrive; or if the party is a dfnner it is told by the father. 8. —No. The telephone number is used only in business correspondence, and in informal notes and letters. 4.—No. With the average Hostess such action is unpardonable, and this particular guest will be "among the missing" at her next party. 6.—Telephone his host or hostess immediately, explain, atid request that they do not wait far him. 6.—Either one may suggest it.
AGENT TO SELL MEN'S NECK ties for 26 cents each. 100 per cent profit Murgatroyd Agencies. Yonge Street Arcade. Toronto.
cents each, 75 cents Special prices for derm for Summer post card enlargement if your order ie over 20 cents. W. A. St aman Company,
Kitchener, Ontario
What Science
South
Gets Twenty Cents A Bushel Right now the export business has commenced. Last year prices ranged from 10 to 12 cents per bushel, but good turnips are now quoted at from 15 to 18 cents per bushel. In addition shipments are always paid for In American funds and that adds at least 10 per cent, to the receipts.
When through demand, taste or favorable exchange turnips get to the position where they enter the sphere of 20 cents per bushel they have joined the aristocracy of agricultural big wigs.
EDUCATION AL
WEAR EVER BRUSH COMPANY
with ay 40
men helping business. P
can use more their built-up per cent, commission on all sales made. We furnish sample case, with restricted territory men earn
Adelaide _____ ________
Weber Street,
#
IS
RETARDED GIRLS' SCHOOL-home.” Helen Badgley Moller. M Port Dalhousie, academics, crafts, speech, recreation.
SEWING MACHINES A StPPliM
A..
Our
$25 to $65 weekly. 73 West. Toronto.
Doing *
PARTS AND REPAIRS.	ANT
make, write for prices on new reconditioned machines. SO ye experience
Yonge Street, Toronto
*
i
HEREFORD CATTLE BOTH SHI
A. Gilbert
ARTICLES FOR SALE
GADGET FIXES F ABIES* JAWS Babies are being trained nowadays to stick out their chins, so that they won't have receding jaws
when they grow up.
A device attached to a nursing
bottle does the trick.
It is simply a small bar-shaped affair attached to a rubber nipple and then fitted to a nursing bottle. The bar presses against the infant’s upper lip, tending to keep the nipple just out of satisfactory range. The baby doesn't get anywhere with his lunch unless he thrusts his lower jaw forward to get a firmer hold on the nipple.
NEW TYPE SUGAR IN BLOOD
Two scientists have reported finding a new type of sugar in the blood of persons with certain infections, a discovery supplying a missing chapter to the story of disease.
It may prove a valuable aid in diagnosis of disease and determination of its progresr
SOUTHDOWN AND SUFFOLK Sheep, both sex. 1 mile east of No. 4 Highway, Lot 14, Concession 15, London Township. Gordon O'Neil. Denfleld, RR No. L
TRUCK FOB SALK
BARGAINS. $4.15 UP;
RADIOS
Stoves $5.85 up: Bicycles $16. up Automobile Tires, guaranteed $1.75 up. Free logue mailed Radio, lfl Dundas West, Toronto
$ EXPRESS. PMR-
37 FORD V feet condition, small mileage, original finish. two - ton. wheels, private owner: will flee 427 Palmerston Blvd.. Toroa-
lllustrated cats Toronto Tlr
.2%
"HOME MEDICINE CHEST"
to
SEND ONE DOLLAR PLUS 15 CTS.
for mailing to L T. Best. Phm.B. Kingston, Ont, and receive thla chest containing nine of the Beet medicines.
DONT MISS . WHITE OINTMENT
USED TIKES
GOOD USED TIRES, ALL S17.MA Lowest prices. Inquiries invited. Brockton Tire. 1611 Dundas W* Toronto.
QUICK RELIEF FROM IRRITA, tlon and Itching caused by piles end hemorrhoids. Highly recommended. Money back If not entirely satisfied. Price 75c a Jar White Mfg. Co.. Box 164, Toronto, Ontario.
In the past two years, 854 wo-students have graduated from
MEDICAL
Urges Farmers
men
Soviet naval engineering colleges.
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—WRITE for free booklet and full particulars regarding our successful hyblood Pedigreed Products
Carry On
Hundreds of
Wireless Operators Needed
DOMINION GOVERNMENT NOW Calling urgently for trained ope tore who can send and receive es in w I raises code, graduates now In responsible positions with R.C.M.P., RCA.F-Trans-Canada Airways, Dept er Transport, Marconi Co- etc.
For full particulars of prove* training course and evening rode classes, write
RADIO COLLEGE OF CANADA 64 BLOOR ST. W
eent
tree
CREAM WANTED
Formally opening Exeter, Out., fall fair, J. A; Carroll, Superintendent of Agricultural Societies for Ontario gave timely advice to agricultural eocieties to carry on during the war. These societies hsve in pesce and in war given leadership since their orgsnisation, he said. During the lsst wsr, agriculture slipped and the quality of bacon was lowered. He appealed to farmers to carry on ns the best help in the present wax.
EDUCATIONAL
NURSERY STOCK FOR SALE
We arc paying a real high price for cream F O B., Toronto. Write for particulars
and cans.
The Toronto Creamery The United Fa Co-Operative C# Lid.
Duke and George Streets . TORONTO, Ontario
4TUDENT8 NOW ENROLLING FOR Courses in Matriculation. Short Story, Journalism. Advertising, Shorthand and Speech Culture.
of your spars time.
HARDY APPLE TREES—6$ CENTS
each. Canada's . Lowest Nursery. Growing leading varieties Fruit Trees, Or rameutais. Writs immediately requesting sensational offerings Tube's Treery, Nlagara-on-the-Lake, Ont
Make use
Write today. Canadian Correepon denes College (established 1802), MS Yonge St.. Toronto__________
e
For over 10 years a leading orgaa#-
STENOURAPH1C
day and
SECRETARIAL
accountancy cours night school: home study or private tuition. United Business School, 8 Atlas Avenue, Toronto.
QUIT TOBACCO, SNUFF. EASILY.
Home remedy, ala. Guaranteed. Advice lett's. Box 1, Winnipeg.
nation of Its kind in Canada
inexpensively Testknonl
Issue No. 41
t
free. Bart
###PAGE###4###
> ' '



* -

%
Li
X
NOTICE
V
THE EQUITY
SHAW VILLE, OCT. IS, 1939
HODG-INS
GARAGE

X
FEEDS
V
r* Province of Quebec
Muo id polity of	1
i vunuv NOTICE W Uercbjr given :
all proprietors of real v*Utu juul
\
I
\
I
\
I

V
to all I.rovviftors of real y.-Utv ànd ,«v 1 aident householdersof this Mnoi* nm.it>.
that the Collection Roll ot Mimunpaj Paxes, a> established by the Mumetal
Semimonthly W j»	Jf. | Wntul-	1
#5=y =Y.=tÎS-ü'HSSS
:s£Hî^smmmrn.
htKl	it shall come into force and every per-
intervsted, after having taken c-* wxance thereof, if he so desires, shall pay the amount of tuxes to the under-
A M Wiseman, senior trade com- ! days following the said delay t.f thirty . lissi-mer for the United Kingdom in tptyS without further notice.
Cana, la. announced on Sunday he would *	H c, ROW AT,
-stahlish his headquarters in Ottawa.	, Secretary Treasurer,
Premises have been secured at :><i ^piiks M ici j Council Village of Shawville,, and the office will likely open on • *	—-——
X

\
SVe now have the most complete Stock of Mixed Leeds I
hand that we ever g
X
Pay S75.000 For Troops Saturday

\
V
and Feeding Concentrates carried.
Oil
X
V
>
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
> Sales
\
l
>t 9<n
theHHHBH
\ctiw Service F
The money
\
slent, Monarch. Cafetiua, Shur Gain and ltlatchfords Egg and Laving Mashes.
Monarch, Shur Gain and Blotch ford's Hog «rowers, l’ig Starters and Hog Concentrates. .
Shur Gain Fattening Mash for Poultry. Shur Gain Sow Ration for Brood Sows, Dairy Rations and Dairy Concentrates for Dairy Cows.
This atock includes Fades’ K
X

-8
o
?
% •
\
on
X
1
X
X
I
uy.
.nit paymasters, this was
X
\
x
N

X
>Ol)i
X
??m»»*w>*»«*<-**^^****** * *??????? »+********#
V
X
X
X
X
w
X

living
X
N
X
V
low
V
X
X
[X
11
X
X
For Your Fence
V
x

, Shorts,
V
X
Royal Purple and Purina Calf Moal, Bran
Middlings, Feed Flour, Provender, Moulee, W hite, and Yellow Hottiiny, Gluteti Feed, Soy Bean Meal, Oil Cake Meal. Feeding Bone Meal, Tankage, Meat
Charcoal, Sol-Min,: Oyster Shell, Ground
Mineral Supplements,
N
\
X
X
• will
Senior Trade Commissioner
Moves to Ottawa
X
X

Requirements
x
X
X
X

X

Meal,
Limestone, Iodized Salt Alfalfa Meal, Cod Liver Oil, Molasses, etc etc . for
all classes of Live Stock.
N
I
X

X
Try Frost Steele and Wire Company’s Famous Tight Lock Fencing
S It cost very little more per acre tor a good" fence that
place while you slumber.
good assortment at present.

\

\

street Monday next.
Opening of an Seen under 1
\

notice
Ottawa has
<eu um.c, consideration for eome time
s the senior trade commissioner remures ; Province of Quebec
with official» of Municipality of Sh*wville, I
Its immedi-
I
office in
i
1
H Feed for Every Need a Price to Fit Every Purse
1
X
I

IV
n be in close contact	.
rhe Federal Government. Its nmne.li- PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given
necessitated by the t|mt t|lP Municipal Council of the X ill*
age of Shaw ville, at its Regular Meeting held on the Second day of < October, i" 15139, passed its Hy Law, No. 12X levy.
The ing the tax rate in this Municipality f >r the year 19.10, the said By-Law reads as follows	•
By Law. No 125	i
Whereas it is necessary and expedient ,
! that a tax rate be levied to meet the I necessary ex|>ense of the Municipality ^	Canada
1 of Sim «ville. It » hereby reived «ml Provinee „f
rdainvtl Kv Hy I.«w. N"	“ I»i>trict of Pontine
tax rate of fen (10) Mills on the u .In	>s,l> 477 j
Superior Court—Pontiac
roll of t»»t* Village of Shan ville, for the HOSAXX\ P.KDA1U». trader. < f tl-yvax IP30. Three mills l'..r < i dinary Village vf W Cayamoot, district
and seven mills for water works, and (Vtituc.— Plaintiff.
gggggggÉgÊBÈf	l e allow-
te opening was ttbreak of war.
Previously the headquarters
* Montreal, with offices
\
will hold the stock in We have a
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REC'O.
x
\
V
\
icated in
Toronto, Winnipeg sn<l X ancouver. tire in Montreal will be maintained.
Wiseman will be assisted in Ottawa by XV. Bratinan, who has been
distant to the trade commissioner at Winnipeg for the past 12 years.
1
*
• #



Mr
x
Look Here

NOTICE
X
X
J. L,. HOlKjiiNS
For Saif, Wants, Found
Lost etc.
X
I


X
Bristol School Board
X
Phone 64 J.
o
t »
X
FOR SALK-Pair of 2 year old Perch• M vron>, mart* and gelding ;	•» and 1 >«*;u j 9
old Percheront», geldings. All dark grey
and well matched. Apply 10 . L j n * t smart. R. i. Shawvfïle. Phone 10 -1.
Sept. 11th, 10:W
P>ristol School Commissioners n et on . date. Present : Chairman Woo^f .nd Commissioners Graham, Stewart*
vul Walsh.
• The newly elected School ( nintnis
• having subscribed to his Oath of
at at the Board, of last meeting wen of Corn: Graham



, )()Vt
i
FOR SALK-A few registered Ayrshire ¦ vowhand heifers, due to freshen this f , Fall, (accredited and free listed! :	n so
Percheron foal, six months old
aV# 1 *
I


that n discount of 3 pet ed on all taxes pu l bet ore the ldh , I December next.
Given at I
vs
t
DALE’S TINSHOP
•met
tttice took his The minutes *ad and on motion were adopted.
Jack McKay again appeared re the mveyance of his child to No. 3 |
.. hoof. No action taken.
Motion by Cornr Stewart, that the f illowing bills be approved and paid :	_
: I ^-™$x^
teachers	•••••••;:	1 *’ i can be installed in nhv battery set and
The Sherbrooke Record, ad for	wilt cut down the e<M of operation.
|:|RS2=EMr«=
H. Sharpe, work at No. 10-
). Vruickshanks, work at No. :>
J. Millar, work and supplies at
No. ..............
R. C. Fletcher, work at No. *2
G.	Ballant y ne,
H.	1 Smith, paint, varnish and
supplies to schools.. •.
wood in shed at
(t
X. p. MARTIN, of the Vit y Ottawa, Province of Ontario. Defend,it.t
The defendant is ordered to appear within one month.
Campbells Biy, October 10th. 1*39.
ALPHONSE MAKT1NKAI
P S C.
District of Pontiac

I f
s?
one
Apply to Gordon Rii hardsok, Slinw- ville. Phone 13-30.

Shawville, this third day of
t
October. 193!*

i
(Signed)	Mcl R DX ELL,
^	M ay or.
IL V. HOW AT,
Secretary Treasurer.
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Findlay Super Oval Range
The finest range that money can buy
L S sizes and 5 different
colour schemes
FOR SALE - One Blood Foal, four months old. hnv. Sired by Brownie. Apply to H. I. Smith. Maryland, Que.
Phone >13.
f

1
FARM WANTED to rent or wot With or without stock. J
on
uply
shares. .	-¦¦¦pi	¦i, I
to Wilfred LAvonrkx. (.hatter!*
ue.

FOR SALE—One Bell Piano in good condition, will sell cheap. Apply to Mrs.
A. M< Knight, Almonte, Om.
i
NOTICE
/
the ladies of Shaw- :
I wish tci inform ville and Community that I have : moved my Beauty Shoppe from the t Hayes’Block to the Turner Store | Property on Main Street, where 1 hope for a contimianve o! the splendid patronage accorde I me
to Slmwville.
>
FOR RENT — Com fort aide dwelling house, on the Oth Line. Siuth of the village limits. For further particulars apply to .1. C. or W. ,T. Have*, Shawvdle.
??
00
0
I
Women Wanted
Capable women wanted— lut ween the ;»gvs of 20-to. Sell a lin.* of daily nece . si ties that bring* REPEAT and ml way* H 00 increasing ordets Product* known 4 00 through,ut Canada. Profitable district' now available No experience needed No ii*k Icuuiie without obligation. Free Catalegue. F AM ILEX PRODVCTS 570 St C km* lit, Mont teal.
- Findlay Furnaces
Insures Tour Heating Comfort for the Winter Months.
Let us quote you prices
¦2 00
9
9 25
FOR SAI.E-One pair Belgian fail»; three colts, rising two years, one dark grey mare, rising four years ; one eight year old mare. Apply to Ci.irroRt» It or NK R, R. it No. 1, Shnwville. Phone 15 Id.
i, .. o
since coming
(
i
NORA MVRBMV,
Successor to Miss Klatt

.... Ill 19
l
Sharps, piling
N<‘. io...JH IMBPPIpi
Motion by Uomr Graham, that Miss Lucille Stanley be employed as teacher No :> school at a salary of $43 00 per
month.
The auditors report was rea l, and on motion of Comr Walsh was adopted.
Motion by Comr Stewart, that the tax rate for the school year 1939-40 <et at 9 mills on the dollar, fees for Elementary School 10 cents per month Mr ratepayers children and $1.00 per month for others, and $1.50 per month Intermediate school, also that interest be added to all after October 31st, next and
discount be allowed
i
2 00
DALE’S TIMSHOP,

V ‘S

AS

Shawville Quebec
iIff
i V
,l\
A

!4Maxmums3ÊKm


rw
u


v
*-•»

W-
5
u

>XN
%
X



m








r

vN

. « •.
-

I
a
n
;


\V\
m
f g our f> per cent rrears i m_
gt 5 per	pHBHHHH
School taxes paid before January
ESTABLISHED 1833
A

«


!
INVALID
COACH
'T



1 rom

»»V4

X

l<t next.
Motion by Comr.
Bjard accept an Insurance Rond, No. f 29 -39408 from the Employers Liability Assurance Corporation as security Sec-Treas.
•iufc..
¦m

* «a.
•••«V»
Walsh, tliit this



GEORGE HYNES & SON
Y '
Ct* » *
f
«Z
* •
r.



%.
H m

Eire:::rs cf Funeral Service
>



î >r our
Motion by Comr Graham that a grant ->f $25.00 be given to the Hi inside Women’s Institute to assist in paying ihe prizes for the School hair.
Motion by Comr Stewart, that this School Board visit the schools under ? b*ir care in a body in the near future.
Motion by Comr Stewart, the Chair-min and Sec.-Treas. borrow $500 from the Bank of Montreal for four months to help pay our teachers salaries.
On motion of Comr Graham*
meeting adjourned.

h -

M.

Lout* and Mari* Hubert working in th*ir Md*.
.*--*&*SÈW*
% J
pi
MU*
O an
fl

'W
y
\
iV>
Shawville, Que.
#%»
WJé
Phone 80
SEED TIME uni HARVEST

\
ï
IN those far off days Louis Hébert had no bank to give him assistance or encouragement. Today it is different. This Century-old Bank, actuated by a genuine desire to promote Canada's basic industry, always welcomes opportunities to serve the agricultural community/
Coast to Coast in Canada
1
I -
:
Beattie’s Eye Service
\
H. I. Smith,
Sec.-Trefts.

Louis Hébert
Louis Hébert, Canada's first practical farmer, was a member of that colony at Port Royal (Annapolis Royal) who, in 1605, first attempted to cultivate Canadian soil. Later, la 1616, he settled in Quebec, made a clearing on the heights of Cape Diamond, cultivated it with his own hands, acquired a fief and became, except for Champlain, the leading citisen of Quebec. Above is depicted a monument to his memory whi h today stands in the City o< Quebec
CARD OF THANKS
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone pad Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see as you should see you will see
Beattie s Lye Service
Mr. Win. Wood* and family wink to express their heartfelt thanks to friends and neighbour* for many acts of kind neaa extended to them during the illness sod death of a beloved wife and mother.
In Memoriams
In loving memory of a dear girl friend. Mrs. George H. McIntosh, who paused away October IS, 19S8
I am thinking today of yon Amy,
And of the day* of yore When we were all together ;
My heart is crushed and eoie Î am thinking of your smile, Amy,
Of the welcome each time we met,
For you were the kind of a pal,
That one who loved you could never forget.
rvtrro nco. eostinicAW Loneon. xwclakb.
NEWFOUNDLAND JAMAICA, CUBA,
NEW TORE, CHICAGO. BOSTON,
B»*! BMC,
Scientifi' Eye Examinations

4V
BANK ol
NOVA SCOTIA

wm
Specialists on nil Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects



t k4
t




- - %



x


ms>
, A CENTURY OF BAN KING, EX
*/
KATHLEEN M. ROLLINS froftiiioMlOplDMtriii.

T.T. BEATTIE,
Professional Optometrist

TEN CE
i&i* mL *4


1 1
J1__

mil
nv


{ John
Bki
% If











#
?
tAA*
V V*> \»

»
a
V ax





###PAGE###5###

Poultry Wanted
Quality Shoes
The Equity
Election Manifesto of Thomas McCool
^.Bhaw ville Egg and Poultry Am-«Delation will receive live and dressed poultry on Tuesday of each
Fur further
I
II
Y ou’l Admire
l.rnUMIKD KVKRY TIIVHHDAT AT
SIIAWVILLit, QUEBEC
week until 4.00 p.m particulars apply to
1
Dr. Still’s Selected Calf Oxfords with btsflt steel arch, and solid leather soles. Extra value nt $3.75
in
Ü T STARK,
Manager
1
Mr. Duplessis has given us the following ;
Old Age Pensions
Provincial Farm Loans
Mothers* Allowances
Assistance to the blind
Increased salaries to the working man
Increased salaries for rural school teachers	j
Colonization Grants
Grants for establishing of farmers’ sons on the land
Better living conditions for the lumber Return to the provincial treasury of moneys illegally taken by the former regime from the
taxpayers of this province.
Increased agriculiural grants for exhibitions Giving the worker choice of physician in case Compensations
Increased Grants to public schools.
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Canada To United State#.
$1 50
NOTICE
A fav< nte style with men
$3.95
2.00'
Brown Calf Brogue’s
Good Year Solid Leather Sole
Other lines from $1.95 to $6.00
Work Boots—Brown full-grain leather with leather soles. Special
I wUh to inform the public that I hive opened a I leant y Kalon in thf Haÿt I Block, under tin* capable diit< tion «•!
Miss Jeen O'Neil
.Licensed operator, rf Ottawa. Vhop 73 for appointment».
MAIUOUIE 11 AY to*.
Manager
.	81iawvil|e, (jue
All arrear* must be paid In full before any paper ts dlaeontlnued
Government
W. 0. COWAN. PUBLISHER
Hog- For Service
$2.95
I nrebred Yorkshire reg 1 11 -> from prize-winning stock.^ Service fee
»1.00, Apply to
WtLMLü H. HubulNS
It IV No, >, Shaxrville
No Trespassing:
See our line of Gloves, Shirts, Socks, etc.
For both dress and work
men
Hunters and Tr**pftt«er» are strictly forbidden on the following properties Lots 14, 15 and 16, H inge 0 ; Lot 13, Range 10, of the township of Clarendon
By order of the owners, j ¦	W. H. Howard
Percy Bblshkr Jah. Kelley
New Reg. Pu re bred Yorkshire Hog fci t i vice. Fee SI 00. Apply to
M ANSON M.CAGG
- R. 2, Hhawville, Que
Agents for Renfrew Dry Cleaners
Phone 43
of
Morris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher

Kaufman's Life Buoy
RUBBERS
the
The head of any government who f\as done so much for well-being of the citizens of his province cannot rightfully be accused of disloyality to the British Crown.
When I am elected iqeiqber for Pontiac oq October 25tf|. I want to tell you this . .1 shall reserve the unqualified rig^t to oppose aqy and all measures that iqig^t be considered in aqy light of disloyalty.

MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
For Fall and Winter of 1939-40
THOS. E. McCOOL,
Union Nationale Candidate for Pontiac
The Buyer Saves
The Owner Serves
The last few days were a gentle reminder to us that cold and wet days are now with us for a few months..
Are You Prepared For It ?	, g	K"mer
Keep witb
C ¦ to the civil'farm pincement ' the ym, their hulls shattered, their
Considering the big advance in rubber foot- 1	wSÆ^h^iofthe *’e
wear you wilt find our prices more than g	There u m.t no.,ice,i.egt while tlw iirittoh «-
reaeonaw------------------- I SSSgg
Boy’s anti Youth's, from .. $1.25 to $1.69 I thlF* ftvi'^VenTto die orUies * berefthut Germany lias
B e.Nei* *‘ll,u *	been the decisive loser ol round
.	1 .is f 1> •	?«.	B vlly*	.	?	__ one of tlie second Great War—
Wonieil's Misses and Childrens namettCh	& R h t J Hodgin» Dies	losing on land. nea and air and
-	g1 suddenly at Brockvllle	,,l«mg the vitally .mportnnt divlo
Mm'., Women's, Misses' and Children's Plain Rubbers g k	1
IlitiSIsiiSS
ESStiSff 5 EgElSl
8l,prtor 'to going to Hiockville he M.ïjngate the Folee. __
Imd resided at Russell, Ont .and	¦	¦¦¦¦¦T]
Brandon, Man. lie i;a<l n n i gei»vice Announcement continuous resident of Hrockvi id	- ¦
C Surviving are Ids wife, the for-	Sunday, October 22
ore,thelM|«teR,,^m2' MatLoH. 'of. 11.00 a m.-Service at Shawvilk. j Shaw ville and Russell; a son.; 1.30 \> m.-Service at Ztor.
Donald K Hudgins, nt home, and 800 p.m.—Service at titark’s Corners, j
wi
1 «
SPECIALS
Q
OL
49 Cts.
Black Tea, per lb Wheatena,
Honey, clover,
Three German Submarines Sent to Bottom by British
5 “
a a
65 “ 35 “ 19 “
25 “ 49 “ 39 “ 25 “ 25 “
8 lb tin
4 <«	“
6} 14 tt
1
I
<4
44
44
44
2 for
Silted Sodas. 1 lb. pkg. G. M. Coffee, T lb. tin
Toddv
1 lb. tin............
& “ “ ...............
Ovaltine, 4 oz. tin ..........
G. M. Orange Marmalade, 4 lb
Corn Syrup, 10 lb. tin .......
V »
44
50 “
tin
75 “ 40 “ 25 “
44	44
44
44
O
Fine Sait, 14 lb. bag
••
- SPECIAL

• The Kippen” L> inch top rot full grain leather......
“Tie Kippen" 12 inch top .
Monster
$3.25
$3.00
LIBERAL RALLY
Dry Goods Department
In The
Underwear, Sweaters, Windbreakers,
Men’s and Boy s Pullovers, etc.
Men’s Heavy Women’s and Children’s Sweaters of every
Theatre Hall Shawville, Quebec
Friday, Oct. 20th
30 p.m —Service at Shawville. Sormor* subject—The Thief that Steals Everything in Sight. ’
Cohts with Fur Collar Neva-m-t Cloth
scriptioii KI
No Trespassing
All pcrw r,« "tire strictly forbidden lu irespes'. butt < r camp on the follow-itig pro per tie» in the Township or Calumet Island, County of Pontiac.
^ Lots' 16, 17, 1«, P< 19, 20, 21, 22.
w*r«4. io.. pt 8<y
... .t »	»
1 Yc!ts 7%, 10. 11. 12, 13, 14. 13, 10
17. IS and pt 20, on 9th Range.
B> EKXKST G. MURRAY.
ii®F®	For the Owners
Bristol United Chvri h
C. Armstrong-Sa le», F>, D
Sunday, Octolier 22
Sr Andrews Sunday School 10/< “ s ; vice
White Blankets,
ft. nt
11.00 a. m
Grey Blankets,
Flannelette Blankets, Fancy Indian Blankets
Horse Blankets
Sunday School 2 00 p. m
3.00 p. in
Sunday School 10.30 a. ui ¦ÈttnÉM 7.30 p. m
Knox
Service
Auati
17 u
Service
Subject :—“The Christian Highway
Grocery Specials
Commencing at 8.00 o’clock p.m
ANGLICAN St. Pal l’h
Sunday, October 22
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
Moining Service Withdrawn 7.30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
St 1a ki*h
1.00 p. m.—Sunday School 1 30 J», m.--Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
11.00	a.m.—Holy Cvmmunv n
chest of green tea left at tha old prices ÊN Beach customer $1.00
There is still one
While it lasts 3 lbs to
SPEAKERS :
No Trespassing
All persons are strictly cautioned against trespassing or hunting on Lots 14. 15, 16, 17, 18 and 19, Range 10 ; 17, 18, on Range 11: 16 B, Range 9, of
the Township of Clarendon
By order.
stock Ideal Feeds and Mashes processed by the Pembroke Milling Co.
A few tons only of Ideal Hog Grower at $2.00 per cwt.
$2.55 *4“
Pontiac
E. C. Lawn, M L.A.,
W. R. McDonald, M.P., Pontiac
Major U. Bell, of Montreal James Cleary, of Montreal Senator A. K Hugessenjof Ottawa
( Representing Pontiac in The Senate, Ottawa )
We now
A H. HORNER R. RICHARDSON
y. A HORNER W. J. OREER.
Ideal Laying Mash at
NOTICE
Ail persons are forbidden tf> trespss
or hunt on Lot 13 a Range 9.
-, By order,	„
NORRIS BROWNLEE
Parish or North Clarenh-n Rev. K C. Bolton in charge
Sunday, October 22
Greerraour.t, Holy Commun! Thorne Centre. Evening Prayer
Evening Prayer,
10.30
All Are Welcome
g©d save the king
2.30
7.00
Charte ns
l
FOR SALE

nlf and tab T1TE IrAP*
For immediate shipment
1
'"SŒiTS
Mont Quebec
Chicken Supp-r every evening m .».*) until IO.uO p.rq . ft Rigce^t Bazaar, October I i tb,
i and I Ml.
Iron
C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
Successor to
t

###PAGE###6###
1
I
Stick Becomes Tree
Why the French Army Feel» Confident
Change With
The Seasons
NEWS
VOICE
of the
PRESS
f— "
»
/
Fifty year# ego a young man, walking in the country near Ufa-mingham, England, cut himself ashplant. Arriving home he stuck the stick into the soil in his back garden. Now that stick Is a fias, tail tree.
snwasrk*
%
PARADE
% w
z
%

S
Wherever we live, whether Fall approaches In a blaze of color or with brown hill# awaiting the rains, we know the season has changed. Shop windows echo the mood of a new season—rich purples, reds, greens and blues dot every window. The first velvet hat or tweed coat sets our mood until the enow flies. The temperature has nothing to do with the exhilaration we all line v when October rolls around.
We look Iti the mirror to see a slightly faded tan and wonder at the speed with which days In the mountains or seashore in golden sunshine, have passed.
So many of us go on staying the same year after year, season after season—why should you try to sell your same old self to your friends, season after season?
If you always wanted to wear a red hat, by all means get one? If you wanted to roller •* te o bicycle why not take up either sport this fall?
Don't let the seasons change without changing too. Make each new season a new lease on life for yourself.
Liste
THE WAR:
v3
T<HVft
WEEK BY WEEK By Elizabeth Eedy
As the European war drew toward the close of its fifth week, events on the military, the diplomatic and the propaganda fronts hinged upon the acceptance or rejection by Great Britain and France oS Adolf Hitler’s projected peace. Could the Fuehrer, with the help of Mussolini and the implied backing of the Soviet Union, swing it? What it* he should olTer to abdicate as head of the German state ? Would the war develop from a gigantic “shadow-boxing” affair (as many people believed it to be) on the Western Front, into a hideous conflict involving most of the world, or would hostilities cease for the present to be followed perhaps in a few short months by worse crises, more horrible war?
m
ONE SAFE PLACE
Admiral llyrd feels he will be safe in carrying on with his South Pole expedition. So far no penguins have reported sighting submarines in Antarctic waters.— Stratford Beacon-Herald.
• •
.
HANNHCiM
>


V4
Z
fniowue fc

\\ \
^-4 -:: :
VCROUN
t

yt
MC'


'7.''Wîs lir a.oCo
/
o
WAi? BRINGS INTOLERANCE
Idle rumors and vicious gossip arc pcor contributions to our country’s cause. Loyal Canadian citizens ate being cruelly slandered by gossip mongers in Timmins and Kirkland Lake>— Timmins Preys.

fKCNCH
AOVAHCt
//vro
re/?/?zro?v


i THtRTV OONf'OM
rose
**LO IN
I *cu**t
!
/
<c
/
NArtC,V

r
1
LUNtVikVt
o
'


4
6
MINIMUM W? ATTACK THAOOQ* NCUTAAL ÎV/T2CW-LANO
'


zZ


Chaumont
WETE SOME EXAMPLE!
In Asia, the yellow races of the world at each other’s throats. In Europe the white races are involved in what promises to be a bloody And we still send missionar-
r
Jr
c-
r Ah-It Is a grand Idea sweetening


war.
ies to the black folk of Africa. Lindsay Post.
vctou
Peace Strategy
Major factors in the situation then as we saw it were Russia’s diplomatic moves, the attitude of the British Government, the temper of the British and French peoples, the fate of the Neutrality Act in the United States, Italy’s reluctance to be involved in war, Germany’s serious internal economic condition. (The Fourth Partition of Poland handed twenty million or so Poles to Germany without a proportionate amount of agricultural products to feed them; to Russia went the greater part of Poland’s wheat, barley, oat, sugar-beet-producing areas, and most of the cattle and sheep 1.
We know what Germany’s strategy was—to force a peace on the Allies following the swift conquest of Poland, and if peace were not acceptable, to commence air attacks on all British shipping, raids over French and British industrial centres. Allied strategy was to hem Germany in behind the Maginot line while endeavoring to keep all supplies of raw material from the Reich, by means of a stringent naval blockade.
Balance of Power Shifts
The biggest diplomatic developments of the past few weeks have come as a result of the shifting of the balance of power in Europe from Great Britain (who has held j it for over a century) to Russia. Such a drastic change meant, among other things, that the contingency has to be left out of the present picture that Germany and Russia might go to war against one another and clean up on each I other, leaving the rest of the world in peace. It could now happen instead that Germany and the Allies | might enter upon a long and hausting war, the conclusion of which would find Russia sitting top of the pile.
What Friendship Accomplished
Taking advantage of the non-aggressio" pact with Germany, the Soviety Union has been able to make herself impregnable in the west. Poland's eastern fortifications have fallen into Russian hands; the Baltic Sea has come under Russian control; the Balkan states have been brought within Russia’s orbit. But of special importance at the moment is the fact that Hitler’s way to the Ukraine has been blocked, couldn’t do in this case, friendship has accomplished. Hitler has been stopped in the east, but not by the means or methods the world pected.
An interesting sidelight into the death (or murder) of General Werner von Fritsch: He represented the one element in Germany who could seize power from the Nazis—the powerful old Junker “Reichswehr”
was. His death removed the ” sibility of the early formation of a more liberal, more more honorable German ment, with whom the Allies declared they would be happy to negotiate.
my


cereal
POLITICIANS AND BABIES
Reading of Dr. Dafoe’s recommendation of a law against baby-kissing, a law, he says, “against uncles, aunts and grandparents fondling an infant and particularly kissing it/' prompts the New York World-Telegram to ask if politicians mightn’t be included in the ban.—Ottawa Journal.

This map, drawn from figures supplied by French authorities, reveals -why France believes Germany must tight a defensive battle on tho western front. Odds are against Nazis' chances of breaking through territory already taken by French (shaded area) and the mighty Maginot line beyond. To flank the defences through Belgium 07 Holland would require at least 15 divisions, but Germany needs at least mated 115 divisions to man her Westwall defences. The balance would leave too small a force to police Poland, watch her Russian ally and put down possible revolts in conquered Czechoslovakia, Austria or the Reich itself.
HIVE.
Shrimps which live in the sand turn dark brown when boiled. Those which turn pink have lived in the sea

91 of her esti-
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher
AMERICAN GIRLS PRETTIER?
Are United States girls more beautiful than Canadian girls? The girls chosen as first and second prize-winners at Orangeville Rotary Club's recent carnival were from Detroit, Mich., and Evanston, 111., both of whom were visiting Orangeville relatives at the time the contest was held. On the whole we do not believe the girls from the U S A. are as good looking as Canadian girls. We always thought the girls from across the border overdid the application of lipstick and their complexions too often are those secured in a drug store. Certainly the Canadian girls’ complexions are fresher and more natural than their sisters across the border. The news from Orangeville is nevertheless disquieting.—Dundalk Herald.
Saskatchewan’s
Wheat Crop
Chemical Change Every Six Years

0
%

z
z//
Vs


14,233,000 Acre* Expected to Yield 218,000,000 BwheU
/W.
All of the Calcium in the Human Body Is Replaced During That Time



/
Saskatchewan's 1939 wheat crop is estimated by the Agriculture Department’s Statistics Branch at 218,000,000 bushels produced on 14,233.000 acres.
Production estimates of coarse grains with estimated acreage in brackets: Oats 114,789.000 (4,144,000); barley 25,623.000 (1.149.000); fall rye 7,728.000 (436.700); spring rye 1,864.000 (110.300) flaxseed 1.273.000 (187,200).
No. 1 to No. 3 Northern Although there is a considerable proportion of low grade grain In Southeastern Saskatchewan and on higher land In the Regina Wey-burn district, the quality of the crop elsewhere in the Province Is proving satisfactory, most going No. 1 to 3 northern.

V*''
v
' Every part of the body is completely changed every years."
That was one of the basic principles taught In the physiology of old high school days.
Chemically this may be true, but not otherwise. The nucleus of the nerve cells remains and functions always the same.
There Is no atuhoritf, we think, for putting the period of oar complete chemical change at seven years.
In the cast of certain chemical parts of our body, however, we are told on good authority that there Is a complete replacemeot every six years. These are the minerals. particularly calcium.
“All of our calcium," according to Drs. C. C. and S. M. Furnas, (in Man, Bread and Destiny) “Is completely replaced about every six years, and th) only way to maintain the balance in the body is to take in a sufficient quantity in the food. If there is insufficient intake, the body tries to make adjustment but is never completely successful. It goes on excreting calcium. taking it from the bones and teeth.

%
a
%

#


k

%

%

%

<$7 ;
Five Steps Save
A Teacher's Life
Five steps at the right time saved her life, Miss Beatrice Me Coleman, public school teacher of Sturgeon Falls, Ont.
She was peeling rhubarb at the kitchen table in the home of Mrs. George Ramsey when she stepped bo the sink to get some water.
Just then a blast from a shotgun crashed through the kitchen door, passed directly over the spot where she had been standing.
)


Vegetable Care: Storing Methods


ex-
9-3
on
It's Difficult Problem m OffSeasons tures Held Preferable in the Majority of Cases
"Guess he coulda’t wait!"
Cool Tempera-
new
History Repeats Itself In Annals Of Submarine Warfare
It is difficult to give any definite method of storing vegetables because of the many types of cellars. Some cellars could be changed to meet the varying temperature conditions required by different vegetables. As a general rule, cool storages are preferable, states J. Gallagher, Head Gardener, Experimental Station. Kent-ville. N. S.

¦I

Calcium At Death Fleeting and transitory as may be Its habitation in your body during life, your chemical preservation on this earth depends on the calcium In your body at death. It alone survives "the drums and trampling»” of the centuries.
I

r-y

m i


%
¦







¦





1





What war

Only 10 Gallons Gas Per Month


Correct Temperature
Squash, pumpkin, vegetable marrow and citron must be stored in a warm, dry place, between 40 and 50 degrees Fahrenheit. When large quantities are stored they should be piled in single layers on slatted shelves. Fruit should be handled very carefully at all times and should be thoroughly matured before removing from the plants.
Carrots, Parsnips, Beets To have nice young carrots for storing, the seed should be sown the middle of June; the roots will not be too large nor as likely to be injured by the rust fly maggot, which Is the cause of many roots rotting in storage. Where the cellar is very dry it is best to store In sand or hardwood sawdust. If the cellar is cool and damp, they will keep well If placed In slatted bins without covering, or In barrels If ventilation Is provided. This applies to parsnips and beets also.


vt*
ex-
is-?»»






Allowed to Each Car-Owner In Great Britain ; Restriction Nearly Drives Taxis Off Streets

¦m
\
whose leader he
Rationing of gasoline has §we#t motor traffic from the streets of London and other British cities and threatened an acute shortage of taxicabs.
Only 200 Miles A Month For the ordinary motorist, the new regulations meant a driving range of from 100 to 200 miles a month. For Instance, the owner of a small, popular Canadian car of 60 horsepower Is allowed 10 gallons a month.

pos-


democratic,



govern-
«

i


-v







;
Potato Crops Show Promise




X"


The drivers of London’s high antique-looking taxis are all but dee-

Potato harvesting was general throughout Ontario the last week of September, with a larger and better quality crop than last year’s Indicated, according to reports ceived by the provincial department of agriculture.
An authoritative but unofficial estimate was that the current crop would total 2,600,000 ¦¦¦¦ weight, which is about 10 per cent, below normal for the province, but considerably above 1238’s yield of 7,428,662 hundredweight.
Last year much of Ontario's potato yield was destroyed by late blight. Reports show the infestation is not so extensive thin year.
Derate.
$
RLG LAR FELLERS—The Sure Cure
re-
By GENE BYRNES
r
alEF
f
I
CAR: RAIN.
WEIL, C
OF COURSE,EVERY >
COT THE " U4EO TO
CO TO THE CAME/ IT LOOKS SWELL >
«1-r cak s NO RA4N.
Ol
CAR POLI
hundred-
•1
&r.
\
j
jp
«

g
I
w

II
t'M
6
I
I
Y
ik <¦


“Mister, don’t tell the policeman,” pleaded four-year-old Earl Shotts to Constable David Plots, at Kingston, Ont. The officer, ia plain clothes, had saved the boy from drowning when he fell f a dock.
i
k

U
%
V
1
u
?
T
r
<



###PAGE###7###



Best Bird Dog*
Go Into Action
Setter Che»p»en WUI Compete In Ontario Field Triele
HOUSE OF SHADOWS
SYNOPSIS
CLAIRE P080ICK sets out to drive to the lonely mountain homo left her by her eccentric uncle, LYMAN F080ICK. Claire le trying to decide whether to marry NICK BAUM, to whom she owe# money. She aleo hope# to find a valuable end myeterloue jewel owned by her uncle and believed to be hidden In Ihe house.
Her car la wrecked by a log gg the road. PAT MAGAN, an old friend, and BOB STEELE, a young engineer, arrive on the scene and take Claire to the mountain houee where EB SPRATT and hie eleter, SUSIE, are the caretek-
In Annual Fall FkU Trial. Al
hi the cool «Jr struck It. She was certain It had not been there when she first saw the pa** Then she remembered that she bad left the book on the radiator shelf. Had the warmth brought out the mark? She’d heard that certain kinds of Invisible Ink are affected by heat. Claire walked to the window and looked again at the giant pine. >Vas there Something concealed beneath It or did Its branches serve as a hiding place?
She eyed the bookcase with new interest. The arrow pointed that way, and the arrow on the wall of Lyman Fosdiek’s bedroom also Indicated the bookcase there, remembered now that another copy of this same book was on those shelves. “Jewels of Verse." Could there be some connection between the poems and the lost Jewel?
Half amused at her own Imagination, she examined the bookcase, moving each volume and running her hands tellingly along the sides of the case Itself. Once she fancied she heard a faint click, but could not be sure, and at last she gave up her search and started upstairs to find Hannah.
THE RICHER FLAVOUR

14th and 16th
\
OF
r
»
à
Pointera Will Compete
v-.t
e
#

Dog lovers and hunters are promised two days' good sport on October 14th and 16th, when the Ontario Bird Dog Association holds its annual Fall field trials for setters and pointers at Niagara-on-the-Lake.
As usual, a large entry is expected from neighbouring .States and spectators will have an opportunity to see some of the best bird dogs on the continent in action.
Spectators Will So# Plenty
Evidence of the growing popularity of the Ontario trials is the necessity of limiting the stake for members’ shooting dogs to 20 dogs. In all, five trials will be run: Members’ Shooting Dog Stake; Puppy Stake; Derby; Open all Age and the Ontario Championship. The latter is limited to dogs owned in the Province of Ontario.
Pheasants are plentiful in the country surrounding Niagara-on-the-Lake, this year, and the dogs should show at good advantage. Headquarters for the trials will be the Prince of Wales Hotel and all roads will be marked to enable spectators to locate the various events with ease.
Fred Jeffries, London, and Don Crawford, Kingsville, will judge the events.

à
A
. m
p^FREE vB rSILVERPLÂTE! 1
S*&EEF JKSSJy
Silverplate Wiiee for premium book to Thos J.LiptooUd .LptooBlde .Torooio.


¦







BC
î<t><





f * >
'7*


l

*


1

She
MU
•re.

v
Claire sees a curious arrow carved en the wall of an upstaire bedroom and, lamp in hand, follows the arrow to the cupola. A noiseless bullet shatters the lamp.
Next morning Eb Spratt disappears. Bob Steele seta out for the village and it found seriously Injured.
HANNAH, Claire’s housekeeper arrives. Pat, trying to solve the mysteries, wanders into a deserted mine. An unseen opponent attacks him and Pat falls. When he regains consciousness he hears a tapping nolee which he follows.
Nick Baum arrives at the old
P
¦
i

w-*
1


him with a few of his field trophies.
i
I
k
lull -lUu/mutd TEA
very sound of his own voice helping a little.
Claire's image swam from the blackness of the yawning hole. My how utterly lovely she was!
“Fifty, fifty-one. fifty-two,
“Fifty, fifty-one, flty-two. Dear Claire, I'm comfng to you, dearest! I’m coming — to. tell you — why 1 —I—"
T
T
YELLOW
LABEL
/ ORANGÉ
RED
' *6Ll
LABEL
A
L M
A
Acquainted With Susie
As she passed a small window half-way up the stairway, she then glanced out, tkeu stopped abruptly and looked again. Down the sloping hillside behind a big hush she could see Nick Baum talking to Susie. Had the woman watched and followed him away from the house, or had he just happened to meet her? Claire was not aware that Nick knew the housekeeper.
Susie's hand rested familiarly on Nick’s arm, and he was looking down at her, apparently absorbed In what she was saying. As Claire watched, Nick glanced at his watch and evidently told Susie the tlme.\ Then to Claire's untold amazement he took the woman tenderly Into his arms and kissed her. The girl felt her cheeks redden at the remembrance of a similar kiss given her such a short time ago.
Evidently Susie and Nick Baum did know each other—very well Indeed. There was nothing casual or new about this meeting, Claire was sure of that.
Susie again. At every turn of the way the baby-faced housekeeper seemed to appear. Claire decided it was time to discuss matters openly with Susie and find out what, she knew about several things — Eb, Dan Dallas, her unexplained appearance from the apparently 4 empty root cellar, and now; Nick Baum. Where could the woman possibly have known him? Nick had said he b*<* been at the House of Long Shadows only once before. Claire had never had occasion to doubt his word on anything. Was he not almost her accepted suitor?
Almost — but not quite. Various thoughts of Pat came crowding up into her mind as she went upstairs to talk to Hannah.
The Tapping Noise
As though Claire’s need of him penetrated even to the dark tunnel where be lay sleeping, Pat roused up, shook himself like a dog and more lighted a wooden flare. His muscles felt increasingly stiff and sore. If he ever expected to dig his way out of this infernal place, he'd better be at it — although. for all he knew, he might be excavating Into the side of the mountain.
Yet there had been that tapping noise which had led him in this direction. He hadn’t heard the sound for some time now. Experimentally he tapped the wall at regular intervals, as nearly as possible like the noise he had heard. At first he did hear anything. Then, to his i answer came back. Some-had heard him. But who could
L
B
Afternoon Dress Holds Spotlight
K
L
CHAPTER IX
Claire looked at Nick earnestly. -1 wasn't hiding from you," she assured him. "I Just wanted a good chance to think things out, and get my equilibrium, and —
"1 hope 1 came In for a passing thought, Claire."
"Lots of them," she answered. "But I’m worried about so many
things."
He slipped an arm about her little shoulders, and drew her to him. "Poor little girl. If you could put sse on the list of things you are aaxlous about!"
Claire gently pulled herself away and forced a light laugh. “Maybe you're there already, Nick." Then she added, “Of course you'll stay
for supper?"
"Sorry, but I'm on my way to the tillage. 1 stopped here for some Information and hoping to find the sweetest girl in all the world. I thought Spratt might be able to tell me something about this fellow I'm after."
“Rb’s not here Just now." A shadow passed over Claire's face. “But maybe Susie would know."
"IVs not important enough to bother her." He waved the suggestion aside. “Interesting old place you've got here. Your father told me whit a collector his brother
“You're Glad I Came?
“Yes. Uncle L^man went in for books and all sorts of things. You can see his library was quite ex tensive for those days." She walked to the radiator and picked up the little red volume of poems.
But Nick Baum was plainly not interested in books. Instead he eyed the big mahogany desk that stood near the window. That was why he did not notice the expression on Claires face when she glanced down at the book she held. She had opooe.U It to the place where Lymaû Fôsdlck had written bln original itaesa. Quickly she closed the volume and put It under her arm as she crossed to the big bay window.
"Uncle was very fond of this old place — and no wonder," she said softly. "It's very beautiful, Isn’t
nr
Nick gathered her, book and nil, Into hi* arms, and kissed her. “Not half so beautiful as you are, my darling," he whispered. "Say you •re glad I came, for I’ve got to go now."
She smiled at hlm. "I think I'm always glad to see you, Nick."
The broken Arrow
After she had waved goodby to him from the doorway and watched him start off down the winding road she closed the door carefully and again opened the little book she a till carried.
On the page on which Lyman Fbsdlck had written the verse, the outline of a broken arrow could be seen, It's outlines already fading
s
E
“That Gal’s A Reamer"
At that very moment Claire was standing outside the root cellar, wondering what she should do next. Susie had not reappeared after her interview with Nick Baum, although it was now near 'supper

Every Well-Planned Wardrob# This Season Should Have
Two
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Should Cultivate Interesting Talk
VARIETY WITH MEATS
I am sure all cooks have uttered the same expression some time during the year’s cooking or preparing those thousand mean or more, that it is more difficult to provide variety in the meat course than in any other part of routine meals.
Meats with their high protein contents and muscle-building properties should form a place of
It is true
This is going to be a season where a minimum of two afternoon dresses, one very simple and the other more formal, must be considered in every well-planned wardrobe, even though you have to face the winter in last year’s coat.
Starting with the simplest wool dress, good for everyday wear generally and sometimes promoted to the afternoon class, your choice lies among wool or angora Jersey, duvetyne and wool crepes. Duve-tyne is flattering but less practical, perhaps, than the two others. Broadcloth is not so new, but Jersey is always good.
Wool Models Simple
Styles in wools are necessarily simple. Draped hips, bustle effects, and skirt fullness should all be treated with restraint. The style pointers, include Iront fastenings to simple, fitted, sometimes seamed, bodices; sleeves almost always long and slender or else with the hint of a leg-of-mutton top; waisV lines are nipped In and skirts feature fullness front, or back, but mainly back, in a number of different ways.
time.
When
nab with her breathless story of finding the broken arrow mark In the book. Hannah had listened rather skeptically. Since by that time the sign was no longer visible the older woman was Inclined to dismiss the whole thing as another fantastic whim of Lyman Fos-dlck'e.
But the report about Nick Baum and Susie enlisted her liveliest interest.
“So," Hannah snorted. “Maybe you’ll see now what kind of a rattlesnake that woman is. I always said she'd do anything. But where in time could she have met up with Nick Baum?"
Claire had rushed to 1ian-
Good Conversation Has a Tonic Effect on People’s Lives —Aid to Health and Happi-
What difference to health and happiness can good conversation make In the home! How many people have suffered from family Jars and disagreements—followed by Indigestion or headache—which might have been avoided by a tactful turn to the conversation?
A Social Asset?
. The cultivation of interesting talk is worth while tor one’s own eake. ) Every woman wants to be popular a* home and In her social world; and the gift of talking well, and, better still, of making other people converse, is a social asset.
Talleyrand once said that language was given us to conceal our thoughts. But it Is in silence that misunderstanding grows; and a happy word, a good laugh, and a vivid story of the day's doings serve to keep married people congenial.
honor on most menus, in disease, meatless meals are often prescribed, but in health, in a general mixed diet meat does hold an important place. Families tire o fthe same old kind even if they like it. Therefore, when mother presents an attractive meat dish as of her repertoire she ia readily voted a good cook.
one
Liver Patti#*
1	pound beef liver
2	or 3 slices bacon
1	cup breadcrumbs
2	beaten eggs
2 teaspoons grated or chopped *? r onion % teaspoon mace
Pepper and salt to taste A few grains dry mustard Flour for coating Wash and cut up the liver, then drop into boiling water for a few minutes. Take it out and put it through the meat chopper along with the bacon. Mix these with the bread crumbs thoroughly and the seasonings, and moisten with the well beaten eggs. Shape. Dredge very lightly with flour.
Have the frying pan hot and plenty of bacon dripping in it. Saute the cakes and sene them very hot. A garnish of watercress adds greatly to appearance and taste. Another delightful accompaniment is a tomato sauce.
(To Be Continued)
Brother and Sister Costumes

Shared Interests
There Is little brightness in most matrimonial conversations, average wife takes herself unnecessarily seriously; and one of the best preservations of comradeship in marriage is to cultivate mutual interests and talk about them. There is nothing like a * bby shared, a game which both enjoy, a book read together and discussed, to encourage conversation of the right sort between husband and
wife.
Compressed History
The
f,
Bath, England, has no few# than 240 houses associated with the lives of celebrities, including Wordsworth, Shelley, Gainsborough, Pitt, Dr. Johnson, and Dickens.
once
<vt
KILLS
What Are Germans Eating In Wartime?
\
S
ODORS
Stuffed Beef Heart
% teaspoon poultry dressing 1 teaspoon salt 1 small sized onion chopped
Nazi newspapers have recommended the following menu to war-pinched German housewives: Breakfast—Potato tea, bread and marmalade, curdled milk. Dinner —Soup, lard stew, tomatoes and string beans, fruit. Supper—Soup made from the remainder of the mid-day stew, sausage sandwich.
AS IT CLEANS !
hi teaspoon pepper Wash the heart thoroughly and ren&ove the muscle portions. Make the dressing by . pouring boiling water through breadcrumbs and draining well. Add seasonings and when cool fill the heart or hearts. Cover with water and cook in moderate oven or in fireless cooker until tender. Drain off liquid and thicken for gravy. Sprinkle heart with buttered crumbs with salt and
Put in hot oven for a few
Time in oven
2026
not
:
joy, an
Keep your outhouse clean with Gillett’s ! Just sprinkle half a tin of Gillett’s Pure Flake Lye over contents of the closet once a week. It quickly banishes odors . . . destroys the contents and saves having them removed.
one
it be?
Speculations raced through Pats mind as he put every ounce of his strength into the task before him. Again and again, mechanically, hie swung the pick, though ea- h time it was with lessening effort Strange visions began to swim before his eyes and obscure his sight. Impatiently he brushed his hand across his forehead. He took to counting the strokes aloud, the
the meat with the onion juice, salt, pepper, parsley and milk. Add to the first mixture, mould into a loaf and place in a baking pan. Pour the bouillon around, place pieces of suet on top of loaf. Cover and bake in a moderate oven from 1 to 1% hours, basting often.
YOUR HOUSEHOLD PROBLEMS
Have you fussy eaters in your family? Do you have trouble providing a varied%and interesting menu? Do your cakes fail? Then write, enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope to Mias Sadie B. Chambers, care of this paper, and she will endeavour to solve vour problems.
k I */
o
E6I5Ê-Ï
pepper.
minutes to brown. HH from 3 to 4 hours according to type of oven. Temperature moderate. Servings six.
arm #-•

. Thé
Casserole of Veal
1	pound veal
% pound salt pork 6 medium sized potatoes (sliced)
2	onions sliced.
Chop veal and salt pork.
and sear. Arrange in layers with the potato and onion in a casserole dish.* Cover with water and
Time
in oven 3 hours. Temperature moderate. Servings six.
By LOUISE LENNOX Why not dress brother and sis
J ter alike this year for school ? It’s I so practical when you consider the I economy of cutting both costumes

mare better bread
WITH ROYAL ^
Mix
from one piece of cloth. The little girl’s dress is grand for romping and tumbling because of the wide two pleat skirt.
Embroidery Style No. 815 sold separately.
Style No. 2026 is designed for sizes 2, 4, and 6 years. Size 4 require* 1% yards of 89-inch material for boy’s suit and 1hi yards of 39-inch for girl’s dress. You can have brother and sister pattern for price of one if you order both in same size, but if ordered in different sizes, the patterns are 16 cents each.
Send Fifteen Cents (16c) (coin is preferred) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide Bt., Toronto, plainly your Name, Address and Style Number. Be sure to state sise you wish.
bake in a moderate oven.
Hi,
POOR DIGESTION
5
r
Veal Loaf
IM cups chopped raw veal 1 teaspoon onion juice % teaspoon pepper # cup milk 1 teaspoon parsley 1 teaspoon chopped onion hi teaspoon celery salt % teaspoon mace M cup chopped pork 1% teaspoons salt 1 cup breadcrumbs 1 beaten egg
1 can bouillon (or two bouillon cubes) or two teaspoons ; meat extract dissolved in 2 cups water.
Soak breadcrumbs in milk. Mix
" YOUR digee- T - lion is bad, your J food will not nour- M ish your body. Dr. W Pierce’s Golden \ Medical Discovery stimulates the digee- ' \ tive juices sad helps < | the stomach digest jgfe food properly so that H the entire !*><iy Is Wm
FINER FLAVORED
UOHTER
TEXTURED
* MORE
DIGESTIBLE
r
ê*
UP
Roy


41

• •
by
h

• • •
C4/(£

5
•eye : *1 weeld i*l scM
| etc little.
dlde’t elm* wit. eed felt ...
St..
wm.ld belch
Write
Issue No. 41 — 39
i
¦7.
B



###PAGE###8###

5T
¦ *¦


t

with
j
t
m
sags
tl
I
\\\
nt \
s,u»st^S \
10,
vo,'0*'15'
/ f i
4 '

a
i
>
! /17 6
1
Ï
«
fs
?
su
#
s
4SI;
CAPITA DEBT
Debt per caPito
in 1936..*
^ Debt per capita L» in 1939...'
ot
y
Y
a935-«
A931•• •
l a938 -“
L A939""
• •
i‘ I
t'
•>'*»
\
W»
//

t
Un
^*7 Mr'
1*
$$6.97


A
• •
ft

E:
^
m
Vi
/•
t
98.68
%
e%
fi
•<V ‘J
*4
»

k V
:

1 A V •
JÉ

<

Z-r
X
«


3V
;
X.
/
b
4*
+ •
r
/y
F v


• %
i
V. d
%
/
r,
ft\?
ft-t
4
r*
.
Ab‘

tfr'
0


ft*»
#
f i

ft
iv
\4

ftv" **«
b°'


\
m
,'i

ftb'

/
/
r
1
f
\9
TV
\
X,*
'
(
-i
ftA
>

/
\*

3®

S ">¦
3»



\9
r
41
»
v:
71%
•A

a
.1


Iter



'FSjS
ï
i <
!

I
••
x
t
..'•65
» >

fi
s

M-s
41mÊâ*.<
V I
/
I
6 7
I
!
t
/
7
I
(
I
I
a
i
:
y
«

r
6 6
>12


v
<v

C
«

L>
i
>








^ What is the word of Mr. Duplessis worth? . .. Instead of reducing taxes, as he had promised, he has increased them to an unbearable load How has he used these revenues?
A In three year*, an increase of $41.65 per capita $208.25 for every familyl
5 The last two loans of the province have cost the phenomenal of $1,384,000 in commissions and brokerage charges — that is, an average of 2.35%. The charges on the total number of loans amount
to $5,569,500
£ Surpluses"? Yes, a "surplus" of failure I Mr. Duplessis himself admitted this in the prospectus filed at Washington when he obtained hi* big loan in the United States.
73%l About
2 An increase of. $73,1 84,430 — just 200%! But it doesn't seem to worry Mr. Duplessis. At Sherbrooke, he said; "Yes, we hove spent millions of dollars, and we will continue to do so, even though our children will have to pay for it!"
J And that's not all! . . . What about the 23,000 cheques issued by the Government and which had to be honoured by the banks although ne provisions had been made?
sum
a complete loss to the province!
IT’S RUIN!
SAVE THE CREDIT AND HONOUR OF OUR PROVINCE
>
Central Liberal Committee, 17 Notre Dame Street East. Montreal
Kay, of Wawanesa. Man , are visit
PERSONAL MENTION
PsPP^iiSÉ«=i ëmiMi
Mr. and Mrs. Emerson Paul and] |MIHt week*	.	'	.	'	tutMof Pontiac Co., was held at
JzsztxvMr.r'si? i dÆ	±.ix ssss &:	,be «
wa ment the week VAd « t tl. their home in Sis we, Que., after *(ty mM it was not known ironie Copiea of the Provincial Annual
i±to7b"	i	r«:is	i tervr".t;. °,v.
by Messrs Russell Lucas nnd <>e issued as soon as possible.	Provincial Board meetings were
Mrs. A. McKnigbt has returned I HüJT* 1 Hodgxus who will visit The huge warship, which took read, and business arising there from New York where she spent m ®,,coe «or a short time.	part in the historic battle of	Jut* from was discussed.
the Summer months with her !	-------~	land in the Mrat Great War.	was Money donations were granted
daughters. Verna, of Albany and More Tourists	built, in (he early years of that to the Provincial Funds, and to
Grace, of New Rochelle	Came to Onada this Year	at a cost of 4*2,4Q8.2dM. the Red Cross Society. Knitting
H I 1_ I HI ¦ ¦ I	  I	—	Tile	announcement of Britain's	and «owing will be done for the
A number of local ladies, mem-,	Tourists	entering	Canada from	fw>ud	big loss of the war came	Red Cross Society through the in
.1 bers of Adina Bebekah Lodge, the United States during the Ârst	f** hours after the Adtnir dividual branches
Shaw ville, paid a friendly visit to fight months of 1689 totalled 11,	proudly told how British gun# Greeting* were given by Mrs
• Rosemount Lodge, Ottawa, on !*tK,9u5, compared with 11,838,376 i* and pent three German submarines .Mar shall, and Miss Annie Rose.
Friday night of last week.	j the	same	period last	year,	the	to the	bottom of the sea The	while addresses weie given by
M u n	¦	.	Mines and Resources	Department flrst !***&? British loss wm«	the! Mi** Laura Pepper. Dept, of	Agrf I	Bristol's Biggest Bazaar	will	be
Mrs. Geo. Murray and daughter, reported last Friday.	torpedoed unxiaft carrier Cour-., < ulitire, and Mns Laura	Ro*e j held on	Tuesday,	Wednesday and
fiï*«aî 1ÏWft z '	wlt" * H	HL1 sszi..««Jar** °rt"b*r ,8,h *»d
Mr. and Mis. Silas Hudson, of Ottawa, were recent guests at the home of Mr. and Mrs. J as. Allen.
Mr. David Sinclair, of Brock, Sask., arrived last week to visit his parents, Mi. and Mrs. Samuel Sinclair.
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special • 11- designs and prices.
Phone, 278
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle 8 treat, Renfrew, Ont.
Bristol Busy Bees Institute will H.f fît at the home of Mrs. Earl Findlay, on Friday afternoon, Oct. 2°th, at 8 oYlock. Program:—Talk y on Municipal Law by the Mayor, d Boll call—Premiers of Canada since Confederation.
3KZ
for this meeting and luncheon and tea were served by the members under the presidency of Miss L#more Grant J ,	I
Votes of thanks were neartil given to the special speakers an to the hostesses.
ill# Fair Carling - Brading Breweries $18» Thomas McCool
j
5


