###PAGE###1###
*V <"4



V* * -V
V
#


SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, AUGUST 3. 18.1»
91.50 pep annum In Advance 2.00 to the United States
No 7, 57th Ykab
J
GEORGES CARON iGOWLING
BUSINESS COLLEGE
PERSONAL MENTION
The August meeting of Clmen-don Women’» Institute will be held on Wednesday afternoon* Aug. 0, at 2 30, at the home of Mrs. John A. Hobbs. Paper by Mr# Wilbei Horner, "The Importance of Rayon”. Roll call—An Important Canadian Industry.
The Elmsido Women’s Institute will meet at the home of Mrs Wm. Graham, on Wednesday afternoon. August 0th at two o'clock. Roll call-' How merabeis can help the School Pair.
Showery weather prevailing in thia district from Friday evening until Monday evening, has been of inestimable value to garden and field crops which were in a serious condition from drough Some of the showers were the heaviest for a number of years and in most cases accompanied electric storms.
Shawville Hardware
B. A.
Advocate, Barrister
At Ctapbclfi Bay
Friday, Saturday a»d Monday | Comer Bank and Somerset Streets
Mr. F. A. Davis, of Quyon, •pent Sunday with friends at Green Like.
Miss Melba McBain, of Quebec City, is a guest of Miss Dora Hanna, at Radford.
Mis* Beth Taber, of Beech g rove, spent a few days of the past week with ft lends in town.
Mrs Gerald Horner, of Noranda, is visiting at the of her parents, Mr, and Mrs. W H. Barr.
Wits Connie Williams, of Cardinal. Ont, is a guest at the home of her sister. Mm. Asa Smart.
ÜF Wm
was a week	HH
of Mr. and Mrs. Ira Hanna.
Seasonable
Requirements
Ottawa. Ontario
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
I
QUE.
This old reliable school ha« removed to larger and finer preroiaea. The finest and moat modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year
2Di»txict of Pontiae
SHAWVILLB
W. E. COWUMC,
President
Fishing Tackle Fly Repellents
Screen Doors, Window Screens Spring Hinges, Calv’d Screen Wire Carden Spades, Shovels, Hoes, Forks Lawn Mowers, Crass Shears, BroomlRakes
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
ENGAGEMENT
Millar, of Montreal, end guest at the home
McDowell—'Willard
"bSSXtK-SSSSStfl JAMES A.IMILLAR
engagement of their daughter,
Margaret, to Dr. Jack C. Willard, of Kirkland Lake, Ont, only son
of Mr. and Mr. E. Willard. <f|128MftinSt
Toronto. Marriage to take place quietly early in August.
Mr. and Mrs. Garnie Sinclair and eon, of Noranda, are visiting their relatives in town and vicinity.
Rev Stanley Andrews, of Mont real, is spending a vacation at Silver Maple hotel, Lady*
Miss Nita Burnside, of Ottawa, was a week-end guest of Mies Iva Cowan.
Mrs. James Beleher, ofYarm, is visiting at the home of Mr. and Mrs, Frank Strutt, at Winchester, Ont.
Mr. and Mrs Chat*. Dsgg, of Ottawa, visited their relative# in town and vicinity over the weekend.
B.A., L L . L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
I
Hull,Que.
•9
ith
Fire of undetermined origin, believed to have started in a large sawdust, pile, destroyed the lumber yard of W. J. Bushaman Lumber Company, at the north west end of Westmeath, on the Ottawa liver, early Thursday morning.
The flames consumed a half million feet of newly cut lumber and a half million or new shingles.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
AtMoylo’s Hotel, CampbeH’sBay, •very Wednesdny morning.
John Campbell Perishes In Dwelling House Fire
d/nfof ctioaV^-burned to| HARLAND 0. ROWAT
morning of last week, when his home, on the Shawville-Otter Lake road, near Clarendon and Thorne town line, was completely destroy ed in a tire which lasted only i short time.
He was a son of Mr. and Mrs.
Norman Campbell, of Clarendon, and was in hi* 57th year.
The exact cause of the fire is not known. Campbell’s mother, and hi* niece, Jessie, aged 1<$, having started a tire m the kitchen stove before they went out to do the milking, leaving Campbell, who had retired at a unusually latej — hour, upstairs sleeping
When they had finished milking,
Mrs. Campbell noticed flames pouring from the two-storey frame building and lushed toward it in effort to rescue her son. . attempted to prevent her grandmother from entering the burning building, holding her by the waist until Mr. Ernest Lamb, a traveller from Ottawa, who was passing at.Jfche time, came to libg assistance. Mrs, Campbell was taken to the home of Mrs William Emerson, where she was fonnd to lie badly burned about the bead, feet and hands. Later she was removed to Shawville Community Hospital.
L The house destroyed was owned
by the I .ternational Cooperage j Matters dealt with by correspondence Comp my,
the former home of Mr. Edward Stein kie.
He is survived by his pi rent#, two sisters, Mis. Hollis Barber, of Clarendon, and Mrs. Thos. Sullivan, of Pennant, 9ask.; four brothers, Hu-well, of G.iMingertown,
George and Fred, of Bristol, and Norman, in the United States.
The funeral, largely attended,,
was held on Thursday afternoon | every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 3U p in from the funeral parlors of W. J.
Hayes & Son, Shawville, to the deceased’s parents, and was under direction of L U. L. No 05,
Chat tel is. Service was conducted by Rev. Thou. Leggit, of Portage du Fort, and Rev. T. E. R Nuise, of Shawville.
Interment was made in Norway Bay Cemetery, the pall bearers being members of the Orange Order, Messrs. Harry McDowell,
Alex Hazzard, W H Corrigan,
John Rennick, Jay McCord, Chas.
Workman.,
-Thé damage is estimated at between $18,000 and $20,000, is partly covered by insurance.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate <Jf McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
a | Oefick — In the G. F. Hodgin* Building Main Street, Que.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Mr, Brome Pokes, of Gananoque, Ont-, i* spending a vacation with his parents, Rev. A. F and Mrs. Pokes.
Mr. and Mr*. Richard Gill and family, of Fa Icon bridge. Out, are guest* at the Scobie House, Norway Bay.
Dr. Stanton Smnile, of Montreal, was a guest at the home of Mr. and Mrs. John L Hod gins, during the past week.
Mr. Ronald Masson returned on Monday from Montreal, where be has spent the past week with relative*.
Mr. Jim Johnson, has returned to Montreal, after a two weeks’ visit at the home of Mr. and Mrs. H. Imison.	»
Mrs. Win. Fleming, of Nuranda, Que., is visiting her mother. Mrs. Jos. Sly, who is in ill health and confined to her home.
Mr. and Mrs. Ad Armstrong and family and Mr. Wni. Johnson, of Ottawa, were guests last week of Mr. and Mrs. H. Iinison.
Mr. Thos. Wilson, of Toronto, visited at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Alex Hazzard and other relatives during the past week.
Mies Ruth Wilson returned to her home in Kingston on Monday, after spending a vacation at the home of her uncle, Mr. Clifford Wilson. «
Rev. A. F Pokes and sons* Brome and Harold, and Mr. Wesley Palmer, of Stark’s Corners, left on Tuesday to visit New York World’s Fair.
Mr. and Mrs. Nellis Hodginm and family. Mr. and Mrs. A G Brough and family, and Mr. and Mrs. Alex Horner and family, are enjoying a vacation at Lake Dumont Fish & Game Club, this week.
Mr. Mahlon Bave* and sister. Miss Dorothy Haves. Reg. N . have returned to Toronto, after spending a two weeks* vacation with their parent*, Mr. and Mrs. W. J, Hayes.
Sunday guests at the home of Miss Bella Carson and Mrs. .1. Sheppard were, Mr. and Mr*. T C. Sheppard, of Morrisbtirg ; Mr. and Mrs. Benne Grant and llttl* son, Roger, and Mr. and Mrs Henry Warner, of Cornwall.
Mrs. S. E Hiidsith, of Chelsea, Que. was a recent guest of her relatives in Clarendon and Bristol, and wa* among the large number from a distance attending the Memorial Service in Shawville cemetery on Sunday last.
St. Andrew's Anniversary Services and Lawn Social
Anniversary services of St. Andrew's United Church, Bristol, will be held on Sunday, Aug. 6th. At the morning service at 11 o’clock, Rev. F. W. Taylor, B.A., B 1), of Wakefield, will preach and at the evening service. 7 80 o'clock, Rev. A. F. Pokes, H A., B D , will preach. Special music at both services
The lawn social will be held on Monday, Aug. 7th, on the church grounds. Supper served from 5.30 to 8 00 p, m. (standard time) followed by good program provided by members of Grace St. Andrew’# Choir, of Arnprior Admission, adults, 85 cts ; children 25 cts.
=
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME =
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell'» Bay, Que.
(In Lawn Block)
f
\
Preserving Time
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A, LL. B., C.L.
Advocate, Barrister, etc.
Main Street
Hull, Que
Jessie
Phone, Sher. 1354
What About Your — - Preserving Equipment ?
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e *»ry Friday evening.
East end Residence Dam Aged by F&re
The residence of Mrs. George C. Hod gins, in the east end of the village, and occupied by Mr. and Mrs A sa Wilson, was considerably damaged by fire at mid night on Friday, when fire started in the summer kitchen.
Mr. and Mrs. Wilson were awakened by the cries of their children when smoke entered the window of their room, at about the same time a passing motorist noticed the blaze and gave the ahum which was quickly responded to by volunteer tire lighter, who soon bad the blaze under control.
Most of the contents of the main dwelling was removed, but the stove, washer and all kitchen equipment was destroyed.
The damage is covered by in» su ranee.
DONAT Le GUERRIER
¦ ;"*V	B. A., LL. B„
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request.
SEALERS
(Screw Top )
Pints, per dozen $1.15 Quarts,
Half Gallons “
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER 169 MAIN STREET
PHONE, 2-22
1.25

<<
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’* Bay,
1.75 •
<<

At Pontiac House, Shawville, every
Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m
the
Rubber Rings, 6Jcts. per pkg. Zinc Rings, 25 cts. per doz. Glass Tops, 25 cts.
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
Many Cases Heard at Magistrate’s Court Campbell’s Bay
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, [QUE.
<<
u
Charged with breaking and entering two camps owned by Don Etlard and Dr. Ste. Marie at Lac Cayamont, Arthur Gauthier, on Wednesday ot last week in Magistrates Court, Campbell’s Bay. He was found guilty and given one month suspended tence from date of arrest, by Judge Roland Millar, of Hull.
Walter Piche, of Bryson, appeared on two charges, one stealing gasoline from a motor boat owned by the Upper Ottawa Improvement Company on June 21st and July 2nd, as well as a five-gallon can of gasoline. The second, that of breaking and entering an Upper Ottawa Improvement Company building and stealing 150 • gallons of gasoline valued at $53. He pleaded not guilty to both charges and elected to be tried by a judge. His trial was set for August ft / -
Orner Le pi tie, alias Black Omer. of Bryson, appeared on a charge of entering an Upper Ottawa Improvement Company building and stealing 150 gallons of gasoline valued at $58. He pleaded not guilty and elected to be tried by a jury. His preliminary bearing was set for August 9.
Edward La verdure, of Fort Conge. was charged by Simon Molean, constable of Fort Coin longe, with being drunk and causing a disturbance in a cafe. He was find $10. and costs or one month in jail
Stephen MacKay, alias Steve, of Phillip's Lake, appeared on two charges, one of forging an endorsement on a cheque of the Shawville Creamery, made payable to 8. R. Sly, dated April 80, 1988, for $22.59; the second of issuing a cheque which had a forged endorsement He was found guilty add remanded till August 9th for aentence.

PLATE
Dty. WALLACE «f. W. HODCINS \ Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
New Improved Canning Racks
75 cts.
men
Field Meeting on Farm ot L. A Smart
Despite a heavy rainfall, which began about 5 30 aod ceased about 6 90 rn Friday evening last, the Field Meeting on the farm of Mr. L. A. Smart warn well attended. The group was late in assembling, but by 7.80 the attandance had reached 150. The rain, which was badly needed, did not dampen the enthusiasm of those attending, in fact, it seemed to be just what warn wanted by most of them.
The démonstration plots were inspected before dark fell. There were eight varieties of wheat, eight varieties of oats and eight varieties ot barley. The experiments are being conducted by the Cereal Division of the C. E. Farm, Ottawa, to test out the suitability of varieties to.the district The officials stated, that despite the dry season, the local plot* were decidedly superior to any they had set out this year. • This must have proved very gratifying to Mr. Smart.
After the field inspection, a house meeting was held under the chairmanship of N. A Drummond. Agronomist. Addresses on Agn •mituraI subjects were delivered by Dr 5 MacGregor ; Mr, R. A. Derrick ; Mr, Conner* ; all of the Central Experimental Farm, Ot interesting addressee were
To Fit Inside Boiler
BEUUi 3 267

D. J. CAMPBELL
Celebrates 79th Birthday
Mr Alex. 9. Elliott, of Austin section, was the recinient of the. best wishes of hi* family and friends, when hia 79th birthday wa« celebrated on Sunday. July 23rd. Tables were set on the lawn and dinner was served to over fifty guests, which included seven of his nine ehildren. twenty-seven grandchildren and one greatgrandchild.
Parawax, Certo, Airtight Memba Seal
Aluminum Preserving Pots Labels and Spices Bedpath Sugar
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Phone S I.
Dr. R. G DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
Shawville W. M S.
•The Julv meeting of the United IV.MS, Shawville. was held in the Sunday school room on Thursday evening, at eight o’clock. In the absence of the President, the chair was taken by Mrs. R P Rades The minutes were read bv Mr* 8. R. McDowell ami Mrs. J K.
McKinley offered prayer, study book was presented by Mrs Harold Hodgins in a most interest Ing way, and Mrs James Gordon
-"/r sm'!
was In charge of Mrs. Norrie	Howard and Mr. H A.j
Horner’s group.	_	McIntosh.
Ion
At Campbell's Bay from Friday night Monday nigh of each week
to
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
The
Eye, Ear, Nose ead Throat Specialist medical ears building

Quebec
Shawville
OTTAWA. - ONT.
f PBMI, t~MI H
*


###PAGE###2###
/
Buffalo Stop Necessary Before Botwood
Perfect Grooming
Essential

ami where will you marry mo
“That's a cinch. Any time you want. In Buffalo, Rochester, Syracuse, Schenectady, Albany, Yonkers, New York and all points north, south, cast and west."
“Buffalo,” Joe bellowed.
“Why not?"
“Why not, Is right. Except" — he had one fleeting moment of doubt — “excert that you're a big this and that In society and I'm a candy salesman earning 50 bucks a week and ..."
r
'
Beauty and Intelligence Lest If a Woman Neglects Groom-
&
BY EDWIN RUTT Copyright 1936. NEA Service Inc
ing
Woman's attractiveness, to men at least, depends on two things: The physical characteristics, and the woman herself. Of the two, as the latter Is capable of so much more variability. It must necessarily bo considered the more Important. It can add. or detract, so sharply.
Where Did Her
Unde Hide the
CHAPTER XII
The police officer in charge came Toward shepherding the black-eyed girl of the refreshment stand "Sorry to interrupt, folks said. “Hut wo've got a bit more bus iness
you Identify this young man as the one who gave you the box of candy. Misa M
Kelly s lips, dangerously close, silenced him.
‘‘We're 111 the chip.;, darling." she
MISS.rtG JEWEL?
he
%
To the girl, he said
l)o

said
1
41
I
f
/
Joe started the car tightened around her. Then, sud druly, he began to whistle.
The tune was "Shuffle Off to Huf
lli 4 arm
To Look Attractive
Perfect grooming is the most important single characteristic any woman can possess, and It Is one within the reach of everyone. It consists of conspicuous cleanliness and infinite attention even to the most seemingly insignificant detail. It is the thing which sets a woman apart, and marks her as a finished person. This quality, coupled with a modest amount of good taste, can make anyone look attractive.
:
n?
ited at Joe
the girl I “That’s him. all light. The note I gave you was just inside the box. And I’d have railed the police sooner onlv I didn’t open tho candy till
hurt
1
-
fale
.
A
(The End)
«nMM|
»
?
#
this afternoon.
"Well.” said the police officer, •'that is all. then. Come on boys."
The constabulary faded. The black-eyed girl faded with 4hem. Sho was a sticker for a uniform.
The A alone.
New High Shoes Are Like Bootees
«r*
4
\
1 Paris Is Promoting Type That Fit Over the Instep Like a Glove and Flare Above The Ankle
lor and (lilbert stood
F
To Be Attractive Thos% things will make a person look attractive, but it takes still more to be attractive, for a keen, active mind enters here. An Interesting person is an interested person. a person who possesses skills, a person who likes some tilings for themselves and is capable of losing herself completely in something. These interests should not be the management of a home, nor the roaring of children, however important this job may be. Everyone, man
needs keen Interests
aiïrrAZ
•‘Mr. Sand h a in," said Kelly, suddenly remembering the social amenities. “my father and mother. And Mr. Mallow.
Mother and father ackowledged the introduction properly. Mr. Mallow did not. Mr. Mallow mumbled something.
“And now.” said Kelly, “what's all this about a note?”
“I wrote one
order blank of the Chandler & Sand ha m Confectionery Company and shoved it in that candy box. You saw me give the box to the
Over there in Paris, the shoemakers are still trying to get fair feet back into high shoes. There are amazing examples of footgear. High soft bootees that fit the foot like a glove over the Instep and flare above the ankle. Already models have footed their way over to this country and soon the American shoemakers revamped edition of them will make a public bow. The great question is whether slim-ankled girls accustomed to open toed open heeled sandals will take to them. The autumn will tell.
Others Soft Like Moccasins Meanwhile, there’s an Interesting development taking place In


8 k

BjSvfe


On its wav to Felixstowe, Kngland, for delivery to the British sir min istrv, this 15-ton flying boat built in San Diego, Calif., is being ** fueled st Buffalo, N.Y. Original plans called for only a stop at Botwood, Nfld.. but heavy headwinds encountered in the transcontinental hop delayed the fliers and made the Buffalo stop necessary. After leaving Bot wood, the machine will cross the Atlantic and fly over Ireland toward its destination. Pilot Russell K. Rogers is in charge
This is beautiful Claire Fosdick who inherits an ancient mountain house, a ‘jewel’ no one can find, and, along with these, a great deal of excitement.
her story House of Shadows
Starts Next Week
Jot* told her. "on
an
or woman outside the Job.
Finally, an objective point of view, participation in sports and cheerful unaffectedness are all splendid, but were one thing to be placed at the head of the list, It would be perfect grooming.
girl
Kelly looked at him in surprise. “I don’t believe it. How could you have written it?"
"I did, all right." Joe pulled an oblong book of order blanks from his pocket. “And if you don’t b? lieve it, here's the carbon. At least, it ought to be here. I haven't had a chance to look."
It was there on a pink sheet all smeary from carbon paper. It read:
Notify police. Caroline Archer in Chandler & Sa ml ham Ford delivery truck License No. N Y. 131857 being taken shack near St. Catharines. Out., by North Collision Conn, bank robber. J. H. Sandham.
Kelly’s sea-blue eyes widener.
-But all that stuff about kidnap-
alternately with the milk to the first mixture. Add vanilla and dm namon. Spread In a shallow baking well rubbed with shortening. Sprinkle top with nuts, half cup brown sugar and one and one fourth teaspoons of cinnamon well mixed. Bake 30 minutes In a moderate oven.
i

T
T

i
new
shoes. For some time past shoe have been warning women
pan
A
A
Pageboy Hair
Style Revived I B
men
against wearing open-toed shoes In spite of the fact that they have sold them In unexpected quantities. Feet they said would grow longer. Will due consideration for sensitive digits accustomed to summer freedom. one designer has constructed shoes, with ample toe space, of the moccasin type, the sides being walled to hold them in place and keep the toes from pressing.

f
L
r
K
all gone and then go to a hotel in St. Catharines. He was feeling pretty sunk. Kelly Archer? Gilbert? Gee, it would be his luck to go gaga about a girl who was engaged to somebody else.
Joe approached his Ford In the roadway, lie climbed in. turned it around and started back to St. Catharines.
"And I was (be guy,” he murmured audibly, "who talked about Kismet. Gee, what a dope."
"Kismet’s pretty darned uncomfortable back here." said a voice like silver and raindrops just behind his left ear. "How about missing a few of those bumps?"
Joe jumped, then slammed on the brakes so suddenly that they fairly shrieked in protest.
"Kelly." he shouted.
"Ssssli!" said Kelly Archer. "You might wake up the Premier of Ontario. Can I come up in front?"
"Can you?" roared Joe, loudly. "Whoops!” He swung around and practically dragged her over the back of the seat. "Now what is this and how the devil did you get here? Where's the oilcan with the toothbrushes under his nose? And where, how when
"Hold it, Horace," said Kelly. "If you mean Gilbert, that's all washed up."
L
A
Crumb Coffee Cake
2 cups brown sugar Vi cup shortening 2% cups flour
1 egg
1 cup sweet milk
1	teaspoon cinnamon Vi teaspoon cloves
2	teaspoons baking powder
Mix the sugar, shortening mod flour together. Measure out one cup of crumbs and set aside. (Use pie pastry blender if possible). To (he remainder In the mixing bowl add the egg beaten well, the sweet milk, cinnamon, cloves and baking powder. Mix thoroughly.
Pour Into shallow baking pan rubbed with shortening. Sprinkle the top with a cup of crumbs. Press lightly into the surface of the cake with a spatula. Bake thirty to forty-five minutes In a moderate oven.
It’s Shorter Than Before, Just Covering Nape of Neck
S
E
J
Millinery buyers in Paris com-the revived popularity
hairfix, but
SADIE CHAMBERS
By
ment on
of the pageboy it is a revival with a difference because it Is shorter and stops behind the ears, so it Just covers the nape of the neck; at front the hair is brushed up In rolls or little pompadour over the temples, says Wo-Wear Daily. This coiffure is
Which
Muffins or Coffee Cake
Will You Have?
The Ideal hostess is one. who caught unawares can with little effort and no fussing make her meals appealing, bring honors to lierself and satisfy the appetites of her guests. Then for the folks at home too something wholesome must be prepared on summer days with little labor and In as short a time as possible. I am giving three favorites, which should fill these requirements.
she began.
Greed Was His Undoing
said Joe. ‘T had i<> get the Weasel's confidence enough to find out where he was taking us. And you may have noticed that (he Weasel isn't very bright. He fell for it when I mentioned a hundred thousand dollar ransom. His greed got the better of his judgment.”
Mr. Archer explained
that note
In g
Multi-mother
Just hooey
Madame Josephine Rissard, 30-year-old Luxemburg housewife, has given birth to her fourth pair of twins in 4 years. She now has 1) children, all under 6.
men s
indicative of the general trend in hair silhouettes. Very similar are other roll or curl arrangements which "furnish” the nape, as the French say, expose the ears, and give little width at the temples, In outline rather reminiscent of the crinoline epoch, as Is the revised style of mesh snoods over the back of the hair. Still another way of covering the back of the neck is by a thick knot of hair drawn smoothly down at back; the Duchess of Windsor has been wearing her hair this way lately. Cado-bows and barrettes are still
Day and Night Fashions
You see
to the company at large made it easy. The police weren' t able to catch up with you unit you'd crossed the border. Hut there was record of the car there and the St. Catharines' authorities were notified. They were on the watch and spotted you as you went through the town. They thought it best to follow along to this hangout and take in the whole gang, if any. And I want to thank you, Mr. Sandham, for — er — for taking care of my daughter. I know how you met her. Found It out from the caretaker of my brother s house. And you seem to be an intelligent young That's rare nowadays."
Kiss him on both cheeks. Path' Kelly advised French do to heroes '
"My daughter,” said Mr. Archer,
. No doubt He looked a
Whole Wheat Muffins
2 cups wholewheat flour
V4 cup butter 1 cup brown sugar
1 egg
1 cup buttermilk or sour milk 1 level teaspoon soda V4 teaspoon nutmeg 1 teaspoon vanilla Cream butter; add the sugar then add egg and beat well together. Add the soda dissolved In the buttermilk or sour milk until It reaches the effervescent stage and add to the first mixture. Mix together thoroughly, and add gradually the whole wheat flour and last of all the seasoning. Bake In hot oven. This recipe will make a do: en muffins.
Smart Sunback or Evening Frock
I
a
Your Household Problems
Have you fussy eaters in youi family? Do you have trouble providing a varied and interesting menu? Do your cakes fall? Then write, enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope to Miss Sadie H. Chambers, care of this paper, and she will endeavour to solve your problems.

I
gan
being used to catch the hair together just at the nape in other arrangements.


M


Fewer “Brushed-up”
There are still a number of smart who brush their hair up at
women
back, but the mode is not so genii was. The so-called wherein one aide Is
One Minute to Explain
Joe's heart did an outside loop and made a three-point landing iu the back of his throat.
"Woman,” he said recklessly, "you've got just one minute to explain this. Then I'm going to kiss you within an inch of your life.”
"Joe.” said Kelly softly, "do you love me?"
"Do I love you?” barked Joe. "Are there Chinks In China? The blemish, Gilbert? What happened to It? Quick.”
"It,” said Kelly, "is out. The family found out from my uncle's caretaker that we’d stayed at my Uncle Tyler s place that night and Gilbert chose to make an issue of it. He would hardly believe that we'd had an automobile crash. He hardly believes that we were forced to come to Canada. Said it was all fantastic. And he practically moused me of—of ousness. And he was just so nasty and rotten that I got sore. So I told him It was all off . He's sulking back to Buffalo with the family.”
"Swell,” said Joe. "It’s a great night for sulking. And. anyhow, you didn’t want to marry a guy who just lives underground like a mole, did you? But tell me! How come your father let you ...”
Kelly grinned and interrupted. "I can twist father around my finger. 1 Just told him I was riding back with you. He fussed, of course but much good It did him."
well
eral as
“French roll folded over the other up centre back is also seen usually with another roll at either side above the temple. As previously reported, quite a few young girls have revived plaits of hair around the head, coronet style. All of these up arrangements, however, are far less numerous than the down-at-back ones.
s
man
Oldest Paper
In Dominion
Like the

er
Pecan Muffins
2	cups bread flour
3	teaspoons baking powder % teaspoon salt
1 egg
% cup milk % cup butter % cup brown sugar % cup corn syrup % cup chopped or rolled pecans % cup raisins % teaspoon nutmeg Cream butter, add sugar and syrup mixing well. Add egg and milk and mix again. Have ready the dry ingredients all sifted together and add gradually to the first mixture. Lastly add the raisins and pecans. Bave pans well greased. Oven temperature 400. This will make 12 muffins.
Coffee Cake (Cinnamon) Coffee cake has the virtue of bread and the delight of cake and ie ever a summer favorite.
% cup shortening
1	cup sugar % cup milk
1% cups flour
2	teaspoons baking powder 1 teaspoon vanilla
% teaspoon cinnamon % cup chopped walnuts Vfc cup brown sugar 1% teaspoons additional cinnamon for top
Cream the shortening and the sugar together and add the eggs well beaten. Mix well. Sift baking powder and flour together and add
1
"is somewhat flippant
\\
you found that out bit more closely at Joe anything to my friend Charlie Sandham, by chance?"
Joe grinned bum salesman for the New England territory. To me he's Uncle Char-
2091
•âztsiz-l
Is the Quebec Chronicle-Telegraph, Which Has Begun lb 176th Year of Publication
Are you
\
To him I'm just a
V
Statu ami business leaders attended a dinner early In July commemorating the 175th anniversary of the Quebec Chronicle-Telegraph, Canada's oldest newspaper.
History of the paper from Its foundation. Juno 21, 1764, as the bilingual Quebec Gazette was reviewed by-spcaker who commended Its role In the life of the old capital of Freach-Canada.
They told how William Brown, a Scotsman trained in the printing trade In Philadelphia by a brother-in-law of Benjamin Franklin, had come to Quebec In 1763 and the following year started publication of the Gazette.
The Gazette became the Chroa-Icle-Telegraph through amalgamations with the Morn'ug Chronicle Telegraph In 1925.
t
AU-White Dress Is Summer "Must"
lie
Services No Longer Needed
Mr Archer com Well, come on, all of you
Small world
mented
We're driving back to Buffalo to spend the night." He took Mrs. Archer's arm and went out.
Joe followed. He supposed that Kelly and that twerp-like archaeologist Gilbert were just behind him. He was wrong. When he arrived at the road, he discovered that they had not left the house as yet.
The polite were waiting about to close the place. Mr. Archer got Into his hired car.
"YoWU be my guest at the hotel In Buffalo?” he asked Joe.
Joe shook his head. He'd better, he thought, be on his way. His services were no longer required. No doubt Kelly and Gilbert were Inside locked in each other's arms. Lovers' reunion. Tears of joy, perhaps. Embraces. Kisses. And for him. the little idyl was over. He bit his lip.
"Thanks all the same,” he said to
But I'd better drive
Monotone Ensemble Carries Off the Honors In Paris’ Grand Week of Fashion

i1
well, promiscu-
Street-length dresses outshine trailing, sweeping skirts. White Is by far the first choice. Elegant simplicity behind which lurks all the Intricacies of flawless cut and fit, over shadow frills and fussy details. All In all. Paris' greatest social week of the year—la Grande
was a fabulous pageant

By LOUISE LENNOX
Night and day you will simply live in this attractive frock that you can make for yourself in the equally smart sport and evening versions. The sunbsck has a charm all its own that makes you feel as well dressed on the tennis court as on the street. Pique, sharkskin or novelty cottons make a dress that always looks fresh and crisp. This same pattern makes an entirely different, glamorous evening frock for summer nights under the stars.
Style No. 2891 is designed for sises 12, 14, 16, 18 and 20 years. Size 16 requires 3 yards of 39-inch material for the sun back dress; 1% yards for the bolero and 3 \ yards material for evening dress.
Send Fiteen Cents (16c) (coin is j preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaida St., Toronto. Write plainly youf Name, Address and Style No Be sure to state site.
Berna I n
of fashion to come.
Le Grande Semaine Is the week of all weeks where you can see the season's styles worn by the most beautiful women who make up the International smart set.
Lower Neckline, Softer Sleeves The most frequently seen style was that which massed more or less circular fullness In front, leaving the back plain, or again, skirts which flared slightly toward the hem. Bodices, while still clinging to the body, were softly draped over the bosom; sleeves, too, showed e new softness, and necklines were inclined to be slightly less high.
Monotone ensembles carried off first honors In all of the important êTents of the week. All-white out-lit» made their appear# nee on | Derby Day at Ciantllly and every woman In the "best-dressers” list has ordered at least one all-white dress.
Fiery, Itching Skin Sets Speedy Relief
Joe a I Id an arm around her.
“Just In the Interest of science,” he said, "when did you decide to fade out on the prospective archeologist and go for me?”
Off To Buffalo
"Do you really want to know? I sort of began to toy wkh the Idea when you woke up In Uncle Tyler’s bed with your hair all rumpled and that funny look on your face. And then, what with one little tiling and another. It Just seemed to grow and grow. Great oaks, you know."
“Great okiedoekeV said Joe deliriously. “Next question. When
Mr. Archer along as far as I can tonight. Got to get back on the job as soon as
Here is ¦ clean stainless p, n -t aii-v anti septic now dispensed by cVmists a! I» tiling cost, tbit will bring you sn-edy rtlie: from *bc itebing end distress of Kvretna. Itching and reel. Rashes and akiv trouble*
Not only does Ibis grp#; k*flinf antiseptie oil promote rapid en,I healthy beaVn* ta open seres and wounds, hut boils aod eiwe-ple ulcers are quickly teiie«*«| end cleanly healed, in akin dimes#*»—*he itching ei r.cxema is instantly stopped; the eruptions and stale off in a very lew days, ie true of Darter's ^¦Esther skin eruptions.
You can obtain Ho me s Kmeral l OU <!•*
I oa n
Mr. Archer held out hie hand. "Well, suit yourself. But come and
We're lm." Then he
CASA LOMA
see us in New York, mensely grateful to you became aware of Kelly’s absence and began to fume, loudly. "Caroline! Gilbert! Where the devil is that darn girl?"
Over 24000 visitors this Summer. One hour s tour with guide. See this Castle and get new Ideas of architecture, fae< inating exhibits, picture* decorations, and Toronto, from highest point Refreshments souvenirs.
Admission 16 ets. Children 16 cents (except Sundry, when 26 eta). Free parking.
dry
The
s Itch. Salt
and
Kiemstl
Joe waadered down ths dark road. He was dead for sleep, but he thought he'd wait until they had
Issue No. 30 — '39
r
###PAGE###3###
T
4
Archbishop of Quebec Inspects Quebec Exhibit at New York Fair
O
HEWS
NTARIO
UTDOORS
Books And You
BY
PARADE
ELIZABETH EEDY
By VIC BAKER
>
t
FISHING FANS BY THE MILLIONS
There is little doubt among Canadian sportsmen that the sport of fishing Is about the most popular outdoor pastime in the Dominion, and this is very true of the Province of Ontario in particular, where it leads most sports by a large margin of popularity.
REACHING FOR THE STARS By Nora Wain
One of the most enjoyable books which continues to enjoy great popularity Is this story of Miss Wain's four-year sojourn In Germany. From the time she motored across the Belgium border In June of 1934 with her English husband who was to study music In Germany. she devoted a great part of her time In an attempt to understand the German people and their country under Hitler’s rule.
Her strange experiences wore many and when she left the country four years later, It was with a wealth of knowledge of the people with whom she had associated for so many months. She says that conditions exist everywhere which outlaw freedom — make unguarded speech Impossible and throw terror snd horror across the daily lives of oppressor and oppressed alike.
"I wrote my book," says Miss Wain, "to make the world love— that Is, understand—the German people—a people who, taking theii virtues with their vices, and their wisdom with their follies, are not more wicked or more stupid than the remainder of mankind."
ENOUGH FOR ALL: Thanks to the methods employed by Herr Hitler, millions of dollars have been pouring into Canada In the past few months to the extent of |60,-OM.OOO or $60,000,000. It Is capital from Europe. Despite an organised outcry of local Industrialists against U>e admission of new industries or new branches of Industries already established In Canada, It Is indicated In despatches from Ottawa that the Department of Immigration has been quite reasonable In its attitude toward European Industrial leaders who have been driven to Invest their capital and brains beyond the war-worried countries.
And why shouldn't we be reasonable! New capital, new manufacturing and new brains will create new employment and should be encouraged. Not only will a manufacturing boom create work for hundreds of artisans who sre unemployed st present, but It will result In a great consumption of raw materials. It Is truly a good thing for Canada.
t ¦'
¥
I
t

I
7 ;1
i r
«
i
HI
*

#
PREMIER FISHERMAN
And speaking of the popularity of fishing, Ontario’s active Premier Mitchell Hepburn is quite an enthusiastic fisherman when politics and government matters spare him the odd few moments. But recently the pressure of business forced the province’s government leader to decline an invitation to go pickerel fishing on Lake Nipis-aing with a fishing party arranged by Hon. Harry C. Nixon, Ontario Games and Fisheries Minister. Instead, Premier Hepburn angled with government problems while the others went fishing. The party included:	Leopold Macaulay
(Con. York South) and*his wife; Mrs Nixon; Lionel Conacher (Lib. Toronto-Bracondale), former hockey star of the National Hockey League, and Mrs. Conacher.

, »

i
> i

tm





l«

/
N
(p
On his way home from France, where he officiated in various ceremonies, His Eminence, Cardinal Rodrigue Villeneuve, archbishop of Quebec, and primate of the Romsn Catholic church in Canada, finds much to interest him as he inspects the Quebec exhibit at the world’s fair in New York. With him is His Grace Msgr. Vachon, rector of Laval University, Montreal.
Newest Police Methods Used
Pruning Trees Requires Care
Must Be Done Properly To Insure Right Development
VOICE
of the
PRESS
ANGLO-POLISH FLARE-UP: Just when we thought sffnlre between Britain and Poland were being Ironed out, while General Sir Edmund Ironside conferred at Warsaw with Polish Military leaders on co ordination of the British, French and Polish forces, in Anglo Polish money quarrel flared up in London. It concerned where and how the $25,000,000 British loan to the Poles was to be spent. The British insist that Britain's manufacturers must reap the benefits but the Poles want a free hand to buy equipment and machinery where they like, even In the United States.
R. C M. P. Follow Technique of Studying How Criminals
Operate
À clock built by a famous Bel. gian watchmaker has ninety-three dials, is sixteen feet in height, and weighs 4,500 lbs.
BIG HUNTING
A huge bald eagle was seen flying over Meaford, Ontario, the other day and so rare is this sight in this part of Canada that the whole Meaford Natural History Club turned out in goodly numbers to spend the week-end covering this Georgian Bay district to find if the large bird had decided to nest in these parts of Ontario.
To insure proper development end vigorous growth of the tree, pruning must be carefully and properly done. All dead, bruised and broken roots are removed with sf sharp knife or pruning shears. Clean cuts will heal rapidly, while ragged cuts heal slowly and may provide an entrance place for infection. The top of the tree is cut back to balance the root system; that is, enough of the branches are cut back or entirely removed to compensate for the loss of roots when the tree was dug. Thus the loss of moisture by transpiration through the leaves is kept in proportion to the intake of moisture through the roots, preventing a too-rapid drying out of the top of the plant. The centre stem of the tree, known as the leader, is retained, but if the tree Is too tall for the number of side branches it may be topped a little. From one-third to one-half of the length of the side branches is cut back. In pruning, it is kept in mind that the completed tree should present a pyramldlal shape.
Corporal John Timmerman of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police announced here recently police Identification methods throughout Canada have been changed materially through adoption of an elaborate new system, the modus operand! system.
German Customs officers have a daily "bag" of between forty and fifty people trying to smuggle things out of Germany.
CANADA’S CHANCE
Canada is an attractive place to European industrialists at present because it is removed from the trouble centres, because It la midway between European and Asiatic markets and because it has great stores of resources awaiting development. It is reported that industrialists with something like 30 million dollars to invest are considering this country. That would make it appear all the move Important to welcome the Bata shoe company, icle.

Gives Clue To Identity Corp. Timmerman said the new system deals largely with the way criminals operate. Most criminals specialise and use a definite technique in their crimes, which under this system of co-relating police Information would provide a clue to the criminal’s Identity when a crime Is committeed In a certain way.
The new system provided also for cooperation of police forces throughout the country, so that municipal, provincial and federal police can work in unison.
London Called Museum Piece
OUR HERITAGE: For the first five months of this year Canada was third among the gold producing countries of the world.
t
It Is a challenge to the Imagination to try and forecast the metal wealth which remains to be taken out of he ground In the Dominion. There has been a remarkable increase In recent years in the mining industry and today It Is one of the biggest props of the whole Canadian economy.
Where forests stood not so long •go we see new modern communities; we see wages, purchase of supplies, production and transportation. What will the conditions be 25 or 50 years from now? The Canadian youth of the day has a great heritage!
7/s
<


T
London, in the view of Architect Frank Lloyd Wright, is a museum piece, and as a modern city is "not fit for human habitation."
Mr. Wright designed Tokio’s Imperial Hotel, only earthquake proof structure in the city in the 1923 disaster.
Said Wright (in London last week): "Your government is making plans to evacuate the city. Why not evacuate it for good? There is plenty of room on this green earth for everybody."
"If statesmen cannot solve the problem at its source, civilization ir hardly worth saving. People should be allowed to live above earth—they will be under it soon enough."
Wright said he liked London’s green pa-ks, hated sky-scrapers. But "in England I have found the greatest cultural lag outside of Russia and the United States."
Halifax Chron-


».
V
TURN THE DIAL
Radios, left on late at night and allowed to blare out are not demonstrations of neighborliness. — Niagara Falls Review.
\







PEDESTRIAN AND MOTORISTS
Vancouver has embarked upon a second "Hundred Deathless Days” campaign. The first campaign ended after two days in a tiagedy. A pedestrian was killed by a motorist, and the coroner’s jury which investigated the affair decided that the pedestrian, not the motorist, was to blame.
The unfortunate incident underlines the truth that traffic safety depends not on motorists alone or on pedestrians alone but on the co-operation of all who use the streets and highways.—Vancouver Province.
0#
The Duke of Windsor’s private chauffeur for eighteen years, George Ladbrook, the same one who whizzed Mrs. Simpson across France immediately after the abdication, is now a doorman for a swank London night club.

ON
EVERY TIN
A faultfinder is sure of recompense in kind.
THE TROUBLES OF THE
Exclusive to
WORLD: We heard about a visitor in Italy who related an illuminating incident of his holiday. It was about a visit he made to a famous shrine in the mountains not far from Rome. He was Just going to sign his name in the visitor's book, when he noticed that the last signature was Hermann Goering. "So Goering s been herf," he said to the priest. "Yes, he caue here." "Did he say anything?" "Yes. he said that this place was so lonely and remote from the troubles of the world that he would like to stay here forever."
Without another word the priest bowed and withdrew.
P6J
U. S. War Relic Viewed By R.C.M.P.
BEE HIVE
.0^ SYRUP


#7

- -H*
i -TS
jfc


«f

*
y
V. V
S
fc"

I
BUT ARE THERE SUCH?
A boy who wins a spelling bee may grow up and become a business man who doesn’t have to depend on his stenographer, ilton Spectator.


LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher
'//A

te
z


%
BUBBLES

Zz/zz,
Ham-




7.

7
7,

7
h.

7
DEMOCRACY!
There it is, just one word. But it is not a word; it is a concept of life, it is a concept that is rooted, not in the mind alone, but in the heart of man. It is the difference between men who stoop in subservience to a ruler from above, and men who walk straight and are themselves the rulers. It
W'' *


/.%
/

Right-Of-Way Is Dead Letter
//
/v
o Ml


z


z //
>

a
Revision of Traffic Laws Urged by Head of Motor League
4
is the right for men and women to think and speak for themselves, to have faith in themselves and in each other, and to make known their wills without fear or indulg-Democracy is a way of

Ninety per cent of highway accident prevention depends on greater care being taken by the motorist, W. Gilbert Robertson, general manager of the Ontario Motor League declared recently.
The chief cause of bad collisions was the drivers’ tendency to forget to stop at atop streets after *'z ing at a high speed” through less important thoroughfares.
Not Properly Obeyed Anyway
"The rlgh-of-way Is a dead letter and should be removed from the statute books," he said. “This section of the Highway Traffic Act Is not properly obeyed by any motorist and should be made to conform with actual motoring conditions.
"This means legally that any driver coming up to a through highway can dart through the traffic after he hag stopped. The law should not give him the right-of-way over the driver travelling on the through street."

i /
()
/
ence.
life for which men have always struggled and for which they will continue to struggle.
Star.
\
Cj
O
Toronto
o
" «

m-
til
%
BEAVER SEASON Ontario’s Deputy Minister of Game and Fisheries, D. J. "Jim” Taylor, reported recently that his department is well pleased with the results of the short season on beaver this year. "We estimate between $100,000 to $150,000 was put into circulation throughout the north during the season," Mr. Taylor stated.
%




c
tv
% *




X
XX
Members of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police are seen here at West Point, N.Y., as their guide shows them a periscope used by the German crown prince at the battle of Verdun and captured by American soldiers later in the war.


l»M. Ij frW
* I'mmm .... Darned if 1 don’t believe 1 prefer my wife!”
REG’LAR FELLERS—Net Results
By GENE BRYNES

WELL, WE RE X COIN' FISH IN'UP
stayVere AN'
__HO-HO-NO/ >
HAW / HAW / 100KIT PINHEAD'S FISHIN’ LINE / ITS ALL KNOTTED AN' TANGLED/
HECK.NO/ I JUS \ DROP IT IN AN'	<
THE FISH GET	X
TRAPPED IN , J
THE DARN THING/ A
WELL. WELL/ PINHEAD DID YOU FINALLY GET YOUR LINE
Unraveled ?
IW
K

.
To inaugurate a new service, South Africans were allowed to •end a free 12-word social telegram to anywhere in the British Empire, with a few exceptions, on the first day.
y
/
A
J >
• »

_
# e

# #
&

A
• J
• #
ZX
i
In the twenty-five years since It built the ÿaol building at Port Moresby, Papua, reserved for
11 '!
rill'
m
M
*4
/
white prisoners, has had only two
?
wn
///

occupants—the last more than
\

i I' kTV	,1 r *i'*
r



M
###PAGE###4###
I

*"6

rs\/'1 / / ^ /

zïÿr>iÿf/izlz
Z'yiZ'ZIZiZlXtZlZ’
<lis" or grey trout, or (e) ô sturgeon,
(f) 5 maskinonges ;
2. No one snail have the right to bring with him, outside the territory above mentioned, more than two day»
1 *3. The stuff at the gates is authorised 4o inspect the vehicles when they deem it necessary and to confiscate the h>u and fishing tackle of any who has not complied with the present regulation ;
4. The bosses of timber operations, the foremen, jobbers or sub jobbers <t forestry operations, operators of mines as well* as their employees are not allowed to fish or permit others to h>h, within the limits of this reserve, without having first obtained a permit.
CERTIFIED
(Signed) A. Moris set,
Clerk of the Executive Council.
or
hqdg-ins
garage
THE EQUITY
SHAW VILLE, AUG. 3, 1939
Shur-Gain Balanced Feeds
i
Ernest Lapointe Made Acting Secretary of State
l
We have become members of Canada Packers Shut*
amifactur
Gain Feed Service and are now the exclusive of Shur-Guin Balanced Feeds In this district.
Our complete list of Shur-U iln Balanced Feeds fut Hogs, Poultry and Cattle are made from scientifically prepared formulae, designed to give maximum production and growth a» well as keep all farm stock in excellent health. All Shur Oain Balanced Feeds have been tested and proved in every way to give outstanding results and manufactured only by members of the Shur Gam
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
J notice Miniver Ernest Lapointe has jointed Acting Secretary of replace the late Hon. Fernand
Minister Mackenzie Wednesday night
Chevrolet,
Sales
been app State to
era
Prime
Ui n fret
King announced ¦¦Hi t. of last week following a cabinet meet* Since Mr. Rintret died suddenly
holiday in Los
on
mg
July 12th while on a Angeles, the Secretary of States portfolio has remained unfilled and considerable routine h us accumulated.
Mr Lapointe will continue as Justice Minister, holding the two portfolios until a permanent successor to Mr. Riufret is named.
h re
tVA
Feed Service Plan.
This Shur Gain Feed Service is a plan of co-operation between our mill end the manufacturers of Shur Gain Concentrates with the following objectives
1st—To supply at a reasonable pi ice a complete balanced feed for Live Stock and Poultry to the feeders in this die trict who need a complete feed. Part of thia-.teed ¦ U manufactured in Montreal. It is completed at our null
and sold under Shur Gain brand
plied by Canada Packers Limited who guarantee the
analysis. By adding grains and grain by products at our mill, we are in ft position to make a balanced feed at a lower cost than other popular brands of feed
2nd—To add to your grains a concentrate to make a
balanced feed for your Poultry and Livestock. We can grind your grains, sell you Concentrate and mix these together so that you can take home a balanced mixed Most of which you supply yourself.

Fence
Requirements
For Your
New Architecture Seen
For Buildings of Future
Prof. Sherley W. Morgan, head of the school of architecture at Prince ton university, says that “blind buildings are contrary to the modern trend in architecture. “There may be some special cases," Pro lessor Morgan says, “in which such building would serve a particular
location, but the archi-

Canadians Taking Prominent Part in Poultry Congress
X
Cleveland, Ohio, July 88 —Hundreds of Canadians representing every phase of the Dominion's 150,000,000 poultry industry converged on Cleveland today for the opening of the seventh Worlds Poultry Congress. Canada is one ot 44
countries participating.
Some awards were announced by
judges of the live bird exhibits and two
Canadian entries made good showings, j use 0f daylight."
Donalda Farms, Todmorden, Ont., owned by Mrs. D. A. Dunlap, took	four	saySf are
first prizes out ot a total of six in	the | 0pened to	them by recent	develop-
single comb White Leghorn class	and	ments in	structural and	architec-
William R. Brown, of Sarnia, Ont.,	took	tural uses	for glass—“and these stu-
tirst award for a White Leghorn hen. ] dents are the architects who will
design our homes and buildings of tomorrow," he added. “Architecture today must conform to the demand for health and cleanliness.
plenty of light and sun-
\
\
The formulae are sup
Try Frost Steele and Wire Company’s Famous Tight Lock Fencing
a
purpose or ¦¦¦¦¦¦ lecture of today and tomorrow is decidedly on the other track, toward the more liberal and wiser
v
<
X
j It cost very little yiore per acre for tt good fence that
slumber.
Students of architecture, Morgan fascinated by the realms
will hold the stock in place while you
We have a good assortment at present.
feed
3rd -To give ndviceon your feeding problems
cost of producing Eggs, Pork.
We can hIiow you bow to get better
X
Balanced
X
Bicyclists Safety Code
feeding will lower your Beef and Milk.
production at a saving to > on.
Over C,'X»0 c ipies of the final printed edition of the Province of Quebec Safety i This
and’ an order has been | the architect to design his structures so that there will be no b.ank
means
x
J. Li. HOLKilNS
’ * i. A trial Shut Gain Feeds
We shall be glad to have your inquiries
order will convince you of the saving •:--
can make for you.
Phone 64-J.


THE 8HAWVILLE MILLING GO., RECO.
copies
Levis Police, 200 Police, 2,000 ; l._
EeHCiF' 51 rsu	, t—;
Chief W. Gouph. of the West mount he says, “is being dictated in the Police Department, in a letter to the mam by the demand for 1-ght and Safety League states that he thinks this fresh air; by demands for health-
fSSUtoSKS MJ 53»
of their structures.
lannnMttBnNUffiSfliisjw
DALE’S TINSHOP
How to Keep* Butter Fresh in the Home
Tenders Wanted
'% ! z sar&t!:
1939, for the following .	U0 retain its sweet, delicious flavour.
Painting Fire Hall	Butter should be stored ir. a cool, dry
New Roof on Water Tank	J place away from any foods which have
Painting Water Tank and Frame ' a distinct odor or flavor as it really ab-work	sorbs foreign flavour. It should be
chased	.	.
The best place to keep butter is io
-----*	.	.	the refrigerator. If one is not available
Specifications may be obtained at tut butter should be stored in as cool a
office of the undersigned. lhe ,oxye8t i place as possible. Butter melts quickly or any tender not necessnly accepted • ^ ^igh temperature and during the hot
HA BLAND C. ROW AT,	weather, in the absence of a refrigerator,
the suggestion is given to tie a cord securely around each print of wrapped Village of Sh iwville	butter to keep the wrapper in place.
Then put the prints in a crock or other container and cover with a plate, Diabetes on Increase	weighted down with a stone or brick.
Deaths among Americans from The next step ts to make a brime of diabetes have increased by 400 per salt and water, used in the proportion cent since 1900; over 30,000 deaths of 2 cups of salt to 1 gallon of boiling
Cover the butter with the cold
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
BEATTY PUMPS
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
materials supplied submitted separately for each work, or
for all three.
Military Drill Is Gaining In American Universities
Although only 139 out of a total of 1,706 American colleges and universities offer military drill, and a still smaller percentage of public high schools provide such instruction, 135,794 college and high school students received military instruction under United States army officers in the 1937-38 school year, as compared with 35,091 such students who received army-supervised military instruction in 1916 Another 18,729 young men received such instruction in eight military colleges and 46 military academies qualifying under war department reserve officers training corps standards, making a total of 154.523 R. O. T. C. trainees in the year
1937-	38. A small increase in these totals is expected in the school year
1938-	39. The training is generally approved by the vast majority of students, and as a result of its effectiveness, the U. S. now has a reserve of competent commissioned officers numbering just short of 100.000 men
universities offering military training, 72 require attendance at military courses for two years by ablebodied male students, and offer an additional two years of training as an elective course; 67 schools offer either two or four years of military training purely on a voluntary basis.
We carry a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.
Let us know your requirements and we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
July 26th, 1939.
Clarendon School Board met on the above date, present, Chairman Hodgms. and Commissioners, Wilson, Hobbs, Nurse and Walsh.
Minutes of last meeting read and approved on motion of Comr Hobbs.
Tenders for painting were opened and considered and the following were awarded on motion of Comr Walsh.
Harold Beckett—Painting of all outside woodwork, and three rooms inside, from wainscot tin and trim of the 1 -r the sum of 8210.00. inside of No. 7 School ceiling walls and wainscot ting, windows and trim, including porch, for the sum of 855.00,.
Clarence Farrell—Nailing and painting the roof of No. 3 School with Alumincx, 838 00 Painting all outside woodwork of No. 3 School, 818.
All paint to be first quality and all woodwork and walls to have two coats with colours according to specifications at Secretary’s office and to stand inspection of the Board. This applies tr all tenders. All work to completed in time f >r the opening of the schools.
Motion by Comr Nurse that a copy of this resolution he sent to the successful tenderers—Carried.
Motion by Comr. Hobbs, that the tender of Leslie Dale to install a pipe less furnace, of a size mentioned in his tender, in the basement of No. 5 school at a price of 8112.00—Carried.
?Motion by Comr Wilson, that the Secretary call for tenders for the caretaking of Sbawville High School and the 14 Rural Schools. Caretaking to include firing when necessary. Tenders to be in the hands of the Secretary by-six p.m, August 83rd.
¦ Motion by Comr. Nurse, that J. D. Moorhead be appointed to audit the books of this School Board for the year 1939-40.—Carried.
Motion by Comr Walsh to adjourn.
J. A Dean, Sec.-Treas.
Secretary Treasurer
g up including windows Sbawville High School,
Painting the
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
in the U. S. estimated from this dis-1938. The American death
water
brime and place the crock in a cool Add more brime if necessary
ease in
rate from diabetes was 9.7 per 100.* room.	, —	. _____
000 population in 1900; estimated to from time to time, to keep the but ter I KalfSfœaf3iafSiaiBJS.r3IBrSi,SJaiaf3ia/3fa JS12J
exceed 23 per 100,000 in 1938 The covered with the salt solution. Another	_______________________________
U. S. has more cases of diabetes suggestion for storing a few prints of j and more deaths from this cause j butter for a short time is to wrap the per 100,000 of population than any I paper-covered prints in cloths wrung other nation because diabetes is es- ' out of a salt and water solution and sentially a “prosperity" disease, keep the buter in a cool place. Butter flourishing in countries where liv- may also be stored satisfactorily by ing standards are highest. The packing it in a well scalded crock or death rate varies widely among the jar, covering the butter in clean white different states, but parallels per cloth wrung out of boiling water, then capita income with surprising ex- ‘spreading a thin layer of salt over the actress. Alabama with a per capita cloth, income of $189 in 1935, 56 per cent below the national average of $432, had a diabetes death rate of 9.1, 59 per cent below the 1935 national average of 22.2.
ESTABLISHED 1883
COACH
INVALID
Of the 139 colleges and
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Directors 'of Funeral Service
Keep Eggs Cool
I
Recently an experimental shipment of 401 cases of eggs in a refrigerator car from London, Ont., to Montreal was
Atmosphere Affects Tea	| ctoeoly obserted hy offleia^the Mark-
mm#:##
uct might have that certain some- as possible alter they are laid pro J*
^bainkdet!st0ries.8teC,'rnm	5	brought the
best price in Montreal. The eggs that
had not been pre cooled before being
Literary Medicine	[shipped suffered. .
The lamas in the Choni monas- Egg inspectors concluded tery in Tibet are sometimes called ping under refrigeration is not enoug upon to give spiritual solace to a sick They say that it is as important to ge man through reading the 108 large the natural heat out of eggs as quickly volumes of the Kandjur, the Tibetan as dairymen cool milk to get nd of classics, declares Collier’s. If the animal beat They recommend frequent gentleman can pay $200 and wants gathering of eggs in wire baskets and quick results, the biggest hall is immediate cooling in a cell ir. Eggs opened and 50Q lamas, chanting to- should be as cool as cucuipbers and just gether, complete the work in a | as fresh.	•
day
Shawville, Que.
Phone 80
Old French Custom
Absence may make the heart fonder in other lands, but not southwestern France
there does not show
grow so in
When
Beattie’s Eye Service
a young man
to kiss the waters of a famous ..veil with his sweetheart the match
According to custom, be-
up
is off
trothed couples often take themselves to the well in the La Double forest near Riviera, kissing the water as a symbol of their future union. If the young woman in the case becomes impatient at not being invited to the forest, she can test her sweetheart by suggesting the ex
Should he fail to come, she knows that the match
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to oee as you should see you will see
Beattie a Eye Service

that shi
ph
Order in Council Creating Fish and Game Reserve

:urs;on. however s definitely off
That the territory situated at ten from each side of the Mont
Dives
Laurier-Sen net erre Highway, from the rate erected, near the "Couenne" stream .<> the one to be erected on the north, at the Louvicourt River, be created into a hunting and fishing reserve, under the name of the Mont Laurier Senne terre Highway Reserve, and that fishing be subject, to assure its permanency, to certain conditions smilar to those which exist in the Luirentide Park, and more particularly, to the following conditions, independent of those already fixed by the Act or the regulations :
1. No one shall have the right to take, per fishing day, more than (a) 40 trout, or 15 pounds, plus one fish, or(b) 10 dores, or (c) 10 pike, or (d) 5 “touia-
Scientist Eye Examinations
Cricket vs. Baseball
Tliis is “cricket"
In baseball one swings the bat horizontally, in cricket vertically; in baseball one drops the bat when running, in cricket one carries it; n baseball the ball comes on the ;y, in cricket it hits the ground heure reaching the batter; in baseball he ball is pitched with bent elbow, n cricket it is bowled with a stiff in baseball the players steady line of “chatter,*
nd baseball!
Tenders Wanted
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
Ministère Cathedral
Thomas Jacobsen, a cement tin-
magnifying glass, a 3*-foot replica 1 caretakers for Sbswnlle High School of famed Rheims cathedral out of kt d |be fourteen Rural Schools, care-
"U., »	TT
miniature contains more than 259 I	JOHN A DEAN,
statues.
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS
T.T. BEATTIE,
Professional Optometiiel
ilbow .eep up a m cricket
to keep reasonably quiet.

Secretary-Treasurer
tf
iyers are e$

###PAGE###5###
't
5
CARD or THANKS
Service Announcement

The Equity
PRINTING
Shawvillb United Church Rk\ a. F. Fokkh B. A., B.D. Pastor
Sunday, August 0 Service at Khawville —Service at Zion
Mr. and Mrs. Asa Wilson wish to ex Vrt# their thanks and appreciation for the help rendered by neighbours and the very prompt response and great work of the volunteer fire department, when their home WM endangered by fire on Friday night last.
FLY SPRAYS
¦itikllthH IW*
PVBLISHKD BVKHY THVll*t>AT
SHAWVILLB, QUEBEC
AT
11.00 n.m
1.30 p.m _ WÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ
3.00 p.m —Service at Stark’s Corners
The evening «entice is withdrawn At all church services the Pastor will preach.
All kinds of Fly Sprays for inside and outside
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position do practically all your printing as tly and at a lower cost than outside
annual subscription
$1.50
Starfish Digest* Food
By ‘Reverse’ Process
The starfish reverses the usual gustatory and digestive procedure of fish and even humans, since instead of taking food into his stomach, he wraps his stomach around the food and digests it. When he gets through eating, he pulls his stomach back into his body and starts looking for another meal. Incidentally, oysters are his favorite meat.
"When a starfish finds a cluster of oysters, he wraps himself around it, with his star-like legs clutching the base of the cluster and the underside of his body, where his stomach is located,, next to the tip of the oyster,’* said Dr. H. F. Pryt-• Kerch, director of the United States 'biological laboratory on Fiver's island, North Carolina. “The starfish I then exudes a fluid that has the effect of anestizing the oyster so that the main muscle will relax and the shell open.
Parish ok North Clarendon	“After the anesthetic takes effect
Mn Hugh Mortimer, in charge an(j thc ,hell opens, the starfish
Sund.y. August 0	'
Thorne Centre, Morning Prayer, 10.»u around the oyster, leaving it there
Evening Prayer, 2 30	he has digested it Complete-
Evening Prayer, 7.301 ly. Then he repeats the process on
another oyster.”
In the northern oyster beds, and down as far js Chesapeake bay, starfish are among the worst enemies of the oystermen and eat up more than *1.000,000 worth of oysters a year, according to Dr. Pryt-But starfish are not very
in Canada
Anywhere
To United States.
use
to
2 ,d0
Protect your children by keeping the flies down, and also make more money from your herd by using a dependable
Fly Spray
Bristol United Church C. Armstrong-Sale*, B, D.
Sunday, August 6
Anniversary Service* at St. Andrew»
11.00 a.nv—Preacher, Rew F. W. Taylor
of Wakefield
7.30 p m.—Preacher, Rev. A F, t oken, of Shawville
. ANGLICAN St. Paul*
Sunday, August fl 11.00 a.m.—Morning Prayer 7.30 p in.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity .
300 pm.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’h . \
1.00 p.m.—Childrens Service
Service Withdrawn
nea firms.
Let us do your :
must be paid In full
t» discontinued
All arrears before any paper
COWAN. PUBLISHER
W. O
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
Farm for Sale
>
rSS-B p
For further particulars apply to,
MRS. JAS. P ÇARSON,
R. R. No. 8,
Shawville, Que.

the corner store
»
Î
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Ste
•hawville,
- QUE.
I
Phone 88- 23
August Specials
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
N. Onslow,
Charter».
3 Great Values !
Rexoleum Floor Mats
Hand decorated Table Covers, made in America
36 x 36 .....
A cheap way to brighten up floors and door en-
made of good qality felt, assorted eol-£$r,dsome designs;
Ro>/ G. Fraser
Gifu, Noveltiee
RENFREW, ONT.
83% 888
....39c
76c
trances
Flowers,
Kerch. —	. ^
numerous as yet in North Carolina
waters and oyster beds, so that they
are not yet doing much damage.
Dr. Prytherch is trying to work out
method of getting rid of starfish
without injuring the oysters.
To show how voracious starfish
and the rate at which they eat
oysters, Dr. Prytherch has had
nine starfish in a laboratory tank
for slightly more than four months,
during which time they have
opened and digested more than 1,400
oysters.
USED CARS
ts I 4* .
Ik
1938—Ford V-8, Small Mileage
1938—Plymouth,
1935—Ford Truck, stake body
These are all in good running order and can be bought on easy terms over a period of 18 months. Horses and cattle
taken in exchange.
Call and look them over.
our,
Phone 160
Hayon Covers
2 for 26 cts. 2 for 36 cts,
... 49c
a
44
4H x 4S
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’» our business
are
Dresser Scarfs
Beautiful assorted colors and designs, 5 pieces 75c
We in
Tickings
On
vite your patronage orders of Si.00 or over, phone
On orders of
Extra strong ticking for mattresses, pillows, etc
Feather proof, striped and floral designs ..
us collect |3.00 or over phene us collect
and we shall prepay.
Unbleached Cotton
35c
Use of Colored Glasses
May Be Habit Forming
Many colored eyeglasses are habit forming and should be used only professional prescription, particularly by children. Few adults and féwer children have “supersensi-" eyes; normal eyes need the protection of tinted glasses only in
Family Tradition Survives I ^n^mountafn combing, or driv-In the days when the Venetians	over long stretches of white
held the secret of fine glass mak- pavement. Free wearing of colored ing and kept it under penalty of lasses y liabie to render eyes ab-death, the skill of the glass blowers normally sensitive, and dependent was passed from father to son for ofi artiftcial protection. Other generations. The death penalty v. as I vacation hints :	Avoiding crowded
repealed a thousand years ago and bathjng beaches may also avoid in-the glass blowers gave way to mod- fa[Uile paralysis and other dread machinery early in the present dlseages Summer can be harder century. But the skill of the plate children than winter, early sunglass polishers continues as a ram- I ige and extended evenings making ily tradition in the big glass plants ^ active hours unduly long. Chil-of Toledo, Ohio. For example, on K 0ften lose weight in summer, 1,700-foot polishing line in the - reach school time browned but Libbey-Owens-Ford plant here there ervQUS ancj (ar from rested. Spe-are seven father-and-son combina- I care ^ needed to see that they lions. Turhnical developments have . adequate sleep; nine hours per given them a 350-ton machine, elec-	"
tricaily controlled, with which to grind off a paper-thin layer of glass
to give the plate its crystal polish.	fish, etc., which they
Nevertheless, the perfected product j necd ^ a much greater degree than depends largely on their skill to grading and handling more than 30 different sands and polishing materials, some of it so fine that it could itmost be used to brush your teeth !
G. A. Howard & Son
"Mac’s Marvel” our best quality unbleached cotton
brand every-
BlankeflX
"The Spirit of Sleep” Blanket
beautiful colours and
and light-
x 76	$1.9*
Ford Dealers
Phone anytime between 7 • m
end H p n*.
a popular where. Ideal for sheets,
mattress
Quebec
Shawrville,
on
pillow slips, cases, etc., 30 inches wide per yard
designs, warm weight, 54
...\15c
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Cheese Cloth
Mosquito Netting
Indispensible during the Summer, per yard.... _
Handy package Bleached
Cheese Cloth
Hygiene
10c
3 yards for 15c
Monuments in Marble and Granite
special
ern
- - seIæ
information on designs and prices.
Write for
the
cloth.
table with lustrous new modernistic designs.
45 inches wide, per fard
54	“	“	“	“
Phone. 278
night should be a minimum. Summer meals should be planned to as the children their necessary
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
. 35 cts. 45 “
desk-working adults
Motor Rugs
Motor Rugs 60 x 72 with
$1.90
Farm Land Loses Food More than 54,700,000 tons of nitrogen, phosphorus and potash—the three major plant foods which make the production of crops possible— are removed from the soil of American farms every year by erosion, harvested crops, leaching, burning and other causes. Commercial fer tilizers and manures are believed to restore only 18 per cent of the nitrogen loss, 44* per cent of the phosphorus loss and about 6 per cent of the potash loss. While pro grams to promote soil conservation are being effectively supported by the U. S. department of agriculture, soil scientists, teachers, agricultural colleges and county agents, the need for a more universal use of fertilizer is shown by the fact that the consumption of fertilizers in the United States annually is at the rate of a little more than a ton per farm.
Very good quality fringed ends........
MacLean’s
Gas Tells Age of Rock
A new method of measuring small amounts of gases extracted from rocks has been developed by Dr. Alfred C. Lane, professor emeritus of geology at Tufts college. It will measure a volume as small as a grain of wheat extracted from a ton of rock or very much smaller amounts taken from smaller samples. It is a vacuum tube containing a fine wire whose resistance is altered by the impact of the gas molecules which reduce its temper-It is used in measuring the
•••••••
#»#
RED & WHITE STORE
grocery department
Here
“The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
n re ft
25 cts 25 " 15 " 15 "
hi, ken, 3 cans
nil flavors except
Soups
Sandwich Meat	„n
Beef, Haiu and Tongue.......... I
Irish Stew, just a» the name suggests __	_
Boiled Dinner, its delicious
Lu ndi Spiead 3 cans
20 cts. 15 “ 25 “ 10 “ 15 “ 18 “ 25 “ 13 “ 15 “ 15 “ 25 “ 18 “ IS “
Kraft Dinner, per package Serviettes. 100 to a package Salted Sodas, 2 lbs. for ....
Grapefruit Juice, per tin Pineapple Juice, “	“
Orange Juice
Tomato Juice, large tins, 2 for
Pears with heavy syrup	...
Apricots or Peaches, choice quality,
C. L. Pilchards, per tin
Salmon, pink, 2 for	—	„
Macaroni, with Cheese & ^ream Sauce
Wax Paper, per roll	••••
Paper Towels, 150 to a roll ....
Fancy Free Deserts, assorted flavors, 3 for
Lush us Jelly Powders, “	3 for
Jello Freezing Mix, for Ice Cream
Oglivies Flakes, Puffed Wheat or Grapenut
.	Flakes
1 Bi“ Krirp«t*C‘mt%A^ f“‘
20 "
3ture
amount of helium produced by the breakdown of radium in rocks. The imount of this gas gives an index of rhe length of time the radium has 3ccn disintegrating in the rock and this gives the rock’s age and that in turn gives an index of the earth's The more accurate determination made by this device gives the earth’s age as 2,000,000,000 years or I Btsays Professor Lane.
20
Lamb Stew..
Hee*fr«k with mushrooms or onions
Ox Tongue ..
Asparagus Asparagus Tips
per pound 30
a a
33 44
33 “
15 14 22 44

Cuttings
per tin
ige
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
mere
of International Twine
Ball, Sack or Ton
Complete Stock
By the
*
Ember Day Adaptation
ETiber days, which were institut by Pope Gregory as days of anting and prayer, are the Wednes ¦y» Fr day and Saturday after the -st Sunday in Lent, after Whitsun • after the fourteenth of Septem-c- and after the thirteenth of De ember They were an adaptation ,f a Roman season of prayer and iting with petitions to the Roman .cities for success in the spring -edmg the June bountiful harvest. September rich vintage and December winter seeding.
25 “
25 “
REPRESENTING companies
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
25 “ 10 “
t
10 “
25 “
C. F. Horigins Co, Limited
SHAWVILLE - QUE
Successor to

###PAGE###6###

X
Grand Snow Car To Be “Home” For Antarctic Scientists
SCOUTING
C/i ante de t
CIGARETTE - PAPERS
!


Boy Scouts camps are in full swing in nil parts of the Dominion. The total number of camps and of beys attending premises to set a new high record.

1


' %





NONE FINER MADE
a


Bas




111

a
Ni



i=V
The camping season for Windsor district was opened this year by a Saturday afternoon demonstration vamp set up by a Troop of 32 Scouts picked from different groups of the city for their knowledge of good camping methods. A Wolf Cub camp and several types of Scout camp lay-outs were show n. with complete cooking and sanitary arrangements. The demonstration was attended by a large number of local and outside Scoutors.
* &
«8
6tS
%

%






«


21






w



%

F
X,

tI
1
au
4
l

DOUBLE AUTOMATIC BOOKLET
V
A practical rural good turn carried out by some CO Windsor, Ont., Scouts was the collection ami burning of old cornstalks on an Essex County farm infested with the corn borer. The work was done under the guidance of the county agricultural representative and a corn borer inspector. The Scouts made 30 large bonfires of the stalks, and incidentally used them for roasting hot dogs.
#5
il
ely large and well above th»* previous five-year average" in the al* exporting countries—Rumania, Bulgaria, Hungary, Jugoslavia, Lithuania and Poland,
The institute also reported prospects for large crops in Soviet Russia, Korea, Palestine, Japan, the Near East and a 40 per cent increase in the French zone of North Africa.
World Wheat Crops Less Than 1938'*


*

<*
S




International institute of Agriculture Forecasts 1939 Crop Will Be Slightly Smaller Than Last Years, But A Big One Just the same




V»


• *

*
The wheat production forecast of the International Institute of Agriculture indicated today that the world s crop would be slightly less than last year's bumper crop but •till a big one. The European forecast was for 1,640,000.000 bushel*. Last year's production was 1,841.»
000,000 bushels.
Exporting Land# Cain
The forecast Indicated the European crop would be about normal In Importing countries but "estrem»
One of the four members of the special bodyguard for Queen Elisabeth by the R.C.M.P. at Regina was formerly Scout James Coughlin of the 9th Winnipeg Troop. He at one time hejd the Dominion amateur middleweight boxing championship.
Record time for* swimming the English Channel was set up by (». Michel in 1926. He did it in eleven hours five minutes.
When Admiral Richard Byrd leads his new expedition to the Antarctic this fall, an expedition backed by the
U.	S government to claim for it large areas of the Antarctic continent, one of the new modes of transportation U be used, it is expected, is the snow cruiser, a model of which is shown ABOVE, with its builder, Dr. Thos.
V.	I odlter, of C hivago. Dr. Poulter is now directing construction of this new machine, which carries with it a five-passenger airplane, as shown. It will cost approximately $150,000, and will be practically a moving
gome for four scientists in the barren region of their explorations. It will be 55 feet long, have 10-foot rubber lires and a range of 5,000 miles.
ITCH SSK
Fer quick relief from ittkiu of enema. timnbm. aik.
The playgrounds of the new Central Park at St. Thomas, Ont., are being supervised this summer by Rover Scouts. In return for the service the Rovers will have the use of a park building as a meeting place, or “Rover den/'
ht*'a font,
¦I
•optic, liquid D. D u. rtiemption Un •Imelom. Poolheeimlaliae sod quiekly itepo
¦â- Me trial bottle prone it. ©r mwwy heck Aafc drveset today for D. D. 0. MtESCRIPTIO#k
6,000 Norge Refrigerators
use world-famous, aootint. sat-
Sold
O
n
What Science
Itahi
Nearly 6,900 Norge Electric
Refrigerators are : stalled by the New York City Housing Authority in the enormous Red Hook and Qucensbridgc Projects which are now under construction by the V. S. Housing Authority in the New York City tropolitan area.
The kitchens of every one of the 5,710 apartments in these two projects will be fitted with a Norge 4 cu. ft
Have Yon Heard
#
IS
now being in-
NC^HKifxru can buy iAe
Doing
Cbm Lome
*
*

New exhibits at Casa Loma include model of S.S. Queen Mary. Furniture in Sir Henry Pcllat’a bedroom including canopy bed Decorations, shields and coats of Arms used at City Hall and Parliament Buildings, during visit of their Majesties, King George and Queen Elizabeth.
%
»
»
Isn't It The Truth
A boy, in the dock in a Polish criminal court was being tested as to his mental magistrate said to him: 'How many States arc there in Europe ?”
Immediately the boy’s counsel got up and, turning to the magistrate, said: “Sir, my client hasn’t yet had time to read the morning papers and cannot, therefore, give a reliable reply.’'
NEW GLASS RESISTS TEMPERATURE CHANGES
The housewife who has seen cold drinking glasses shatter when they were filled with hot liquids or washed with hot water would be surprised to see the punishment a new kind of glass will stand. This new glass is so résistent to temperature change that the scientists in the research laboratories of the Corning Glass Works, where It was developed, were able to chill a dish made of it by embedding It In a cake of Ice and then fill the dish with molten iron without a sign of a crack developing. Its remarkable properties are due to the fact that it expands and contracts, under heat and cold, only one-tenth as much as ordinary glass.
me-
I
powers. The
$C95
or 6 cu. ft. refrigerator equipped with the famous Mighty Midget Kollator mechanism, so named because it packs the power of a giant cm the rations of a dwarf.


i

1
.
Best Detectives Ordinary People
Scotland Yard Finds Its Top Crime Experts Rise From The Ranks
Firestone Tires, with all their extra features, do not cost one cent than ordinary 6res. You can buy them at prices to suit every purse. And on the basis of cost-per-mile, they are by far the most economical tires you can buy.
Getting Ripe Now men have a reason For joy and for laughter-The cherry pie season
Comes shortly hereafter.
How Can I ?
more
91
BY ANNE ASHLEY
9—Hew can I quicken the task of preparing lemonade?
Dissolve the sugar in a little hot water before adding to the lemonade; it will sweeten quickly and will not sink to the bottom. A little seltzer in a glass of lemonade improves it and is very re-
Q.—How can I treat case of sunburn?
Mix two parts of 1 i me water to one part of linseed oil; beat this to the consistency of and apply.
9-—How can I clean a fountain
After a comparatively short trial, Scotland Yard has abolished the experiment of getting young men from Rugby, Harrow, Charterhouse and other famous schools where the sons of wealthy people •re prepared for the universities, and putting them on crime detection. They had high-powered cars of their own, capable of speeds up to 100 miles an hour, and were turned on to manhunts whenever fast action was required. But although they proved themselves expert drivers they were just that; a* detectives they were no good.
Experience has shown that the best detective is the man who has risen from the patrols. Nearly every Scotland Yard man was an ordinary policeman first of all. The most noted men the Yard ever had, men like Wensley, Gough, Carling and many others who solved the worst crimes in modern annals, rose from the ranks.
After all, in any occupation, there is no more reliable servant than the man who has been trained from the ground up and gon through the mill.
O
The Motion Not the Ocean
The two land lubbers were in a row-boat in the middle of the ocean. One handled the
%
A.
/./ >
j
«

GLAND LIVES OUTSIDE BODY
Dr. Alexis Carroll reports In the Journal of Experimental Medicine the unique feat of keeping a human thyroid gland alive for 63 days outside the body. This was done with the Carrell • Lindbergh artificial heart, and with some new substitutes for human blood and serum, which are one step towards discovery of some artificial fluid which will keep human organs alive Indefinitely in glass containers. The purpose Is to be able to study them to reproduce exactly what happens to a man’s organa Hi health and in disease.
oars,
rowing away for all he was worth. The second sat in the stern steering the rowboat by means of a makeshift rudder.
Suddenly, a passenger liner came into view. The man at the oars kept rowing frantically, pausing only when the liner crossed the path of the rowboat. Then he cupped his hands.
“Hey there, on board !” he shouted. “Is this the Atlantic or the Pacific?”
/


Be smart and get the most tire value for your money. Ask for the sensational Firestone Champion. If you want lower priced tires, ask for the Firestone Standard or the Firestone Sentinel. See the nearest Firestone Dealer and
put
\
'
4
a severe
ms
A.
new
'THE NEW'
nrtifoiie
CHAMPION
cream
pen?
A.—Dip the pen in vinegar, and then rime with lukewarm water.
Q—flow can I treat hives?
A.—Try taking a teaspoonful of milk of magnesia two times a day.
teaspoonful cream of tartar in a half glass of water and take before each meal.
Q-—How can I prevent a thin skin from forming on the top of custard while it is cooling?
A.—This will not cloth or sheet of paper is placed over the top of the receptacle while the custard is cooling.
Q—How can I easily remove dog hair, fuzz, and lint from woollen clothing?
i
A
A sailor aboard the big vessel gazed down at the rowboat.
“This is the Pacific,” he shouted back.
The rudder-man waved his fist at the oarsman. “You hear that, you dope!” he howled. “I told you not to row so fast!”
Firestone Tires your car today.
or three Or, dissolve one
on
•Stntinel JOmJK. Other
- - #
end typti et proportionetely low prices.
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE

o
Growled a surly old farmer of Shoreham:
'When people trespass, I ignore 'em.
But my bull, who runs free, Has instructions from me To pursue the intruders and gore ’em.”


occur if a
j MOST MILES PER DOLLAR
Â
i
1.	—When an affair is given in honor of a debutante, in her home, should she receive with her mother?
2.	—When invited to a dinner party in a restaurant or hotel, does one have the privilege of choosing his own meal?
S.—Should children be allowed to wear nail polish?
4.—Just how should a man lift a stiff hat when tipping K to a
Classified Advertising
BABY CHICK*
YOU CAN HAVE BROILERS TO •«11 when there are mighty few on the market by starting Bray special broiler hybrids In the off-eea-•on. Order well In advance. Write for prices.—Bray Hatchery, 116 John Street North. Hamilton, Ontario.
rt.l lHIlING M ri’LlES
A.
Wet a rubber sponge, and squeeze almost dry, then rub the clothing.
SO
s
SLIGHTLY
Comparisons
A Communist, a Fascist and a British worker were in a boat which capsized, and they started swimming for the shore. The Communist, accustomed to shouting, forgot to close his mouth, swallowed a lot of water and sank.
The Fascist swam for some time, but as he was keeping one arm outstretched in the customary position he soon tired and he, too, disappeared.
The British worker swam on. He was in sight of the shore when a whistle blew and he automatically mocked off work.
i£M8SK: sS‘3
Plumbing, 62 Craig Weet. Mont-
• SSI#
over
Excellent Year For Hatcheries
Poultry men in Ontario Had Good Season
BRAY CHICKS FOR SALE
PLENTY OF BRAY CHICKS OF the same famous Bray quality Still available In most breeds. Also limited number of started pallets. Write for prices. Bray Hstlh-•fy, ISO John Street North, Hamilton, Ontario.
SALE OF MINK
HIGH QUALITY DAY OLD AND started chicks from blood-tested breeders. Day Old Standard Quality Leghorns 6Vic; 90% Pullets. 112.96; Cockerels, three cents; Barred Rocks, $f..95; Pullets, $9. 95: Cockerels. 6Vic, New Hampshire Reds. $7.95; Pullets, $10.4»; Cockerels. 6Vic; Ten day old Leghorn Pullets, S14.95; Barred Rock Mixed. $8.95: Pullets. $11.95: Cockerels. 8Vic. Two week old add one cent, three week old add five rents to ten day old prices. Large Egg Quality add one cent, nigger Profit add two cents. Prompt delivery shipped C. O. TX—Top Notch Chlckcrles. Guelph. Ontario.
UIÜK PF HIGH GRADE QUALIT Y. Special sale during July and August at prices far below regular. Every animal will be personally selected. Orders filled as received,' Write to-day, L. A. Jones. 189 Talbot Street. SL Thomas.
wqman ?
L—XV h
en one is smoking at the table, in a public diningroom, and there u no ash tray, is it all right to use his plate or a saucer for his ashes?
6.—How should a woman write her name after the death of her husband ?
COWS FOR SALE
The optimistic spirit of the nual meeting of the Hatchery Approval Association of Ontario Indicated that poultrymen have had a good year. The report of T. A. Benson—Inspection In Western Ontario. alone proved it. The 120 approved hatcheries In him territory, with an egg capacity of 2,836,000, turned out 6,390,000 chicks, an average hatch of 66.6 per cent and an Increase in numbers over last
TIRES AND U It Y CLES FOU SALE
•TX EXCELLENT YOUNG JERSEY Cows In full milk. Also well bred Bull calf.—H. L Hutt, Georgetown. Ontario.
M-00 UP, GUARANTEED USED Tires; Bicycles. $10.00 up. Writ* for bargain price list.
Tire, 195 Dundee West.
_	-,	-j Toronto
Dundee West, Toronto.
HELP WANTED
1. Yes. She should join her friends until all guests have arrived, unless one or two are particularly late. Then she should be watchful and ready at all times be	a late guest,
Still Cautiou. -	1 Wt V# A» m c«Lf. But or thl. I n .p«»k U> one who U loavjag.
An Aberdonian, whil.t bathing. WW'	tcYuebac ttd l Noj Ü>e ho«{ y hoitcu erdtf.
got into difficulties and a lifebuoy	WariTlmea. The p! latcWTas the meal In advance, and fta
was	at	last thrown	in	to	him.	He	that furnished complete data .old	gue.U eat what ia placed before
had	already been	down	twice and	VJV6Î ÿtlW #ks, 116J#J	tW 4» »me aa atj dymer In
was	about to	sink	for	the	third I R-OP.-elred chicks afed 3,442 RO.	aomèone’s home. S. No. Such in-
P. chicks. Albert Selling, Elmira,	dications of vanity at an early age
who presided, warned that a poor	should be discouraged. 4. A*
yey ia apt to follow a good one	hat should be taken by the brim,
and that hatenerymen will be %jll	j|irectly i# front, lifte^ enpugh to
advised to exercise special caution	escape the head slightly, then
in their sets in 1940. He also aug-	brought forward a few inches. 6.
geeted that hatcherymen will have	It ia much better to ask the wnit-
to ask more for early pullets of the	er or an ash tray. 6.—The same
heavy breeds as the demand for	aa always, Mrs. Paul Wilson, #r
early cockerels has been alow. Martha Brown Wilson.
PI«P FURNITURE FOR SALE
GOOD USED FURNITURE: 8 PIECE Dining Suite $15.00; Chesterfield flu tee $20.00; Chesterfield Red Suite $39.50; Studio Couches $10.00 gining Suite», like new, $49.60; Breakfast Suites $20.00. Hundreds of other articles. Write us for your requirement», arranged If necessary.
Furniture Co.. Limited. 62C Street, Toronto.
USED TIRES A ItKTHEADtl FOI
•ALB
o
MEN AND WOMEN WANTED TO do easy work In their own home In spare time—Write Economy Distributing Company, Leamington, Ontario.
Cure or Sleeplessness
the edge of the Led as possible, and you may
drop #ff.
Lie
DAY OLD AND STARTED CHICKS.
Day Old White Leghorn» $7.10;
Barred Pock», $7.96: White Rocks,
New Hampshire Reds. Hybrids. $8.
48. Ten day old 90% Leghorn Pul-
lililfil pBISlf
'g#### i
bride. $8.25": Ten dày old. 10% Leghorn Pullets. $15.90: Barred Rock Pullets, $12.45: Non sexed $9.41:
Cockerels, $8.75. Two week old add one cent, three week old add five rente to ten day old price*. Big Egr Quality add one cent Prompt delivery C. O. D —Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited, Baden.
Ontario.
NEW FURNITURE FOR SALE
i
Terms Me Ken
m\a
Ba>
» \
el
«
::
time when he shouted to the onlooker.*, “Is there any charge for the u»e of this?”
USED TIRES AND RETREAD# Pdj any car or truck. 15c and g Every lira guaranteed. Oil jl gallon and up. Batteries, etc. DeaL §N wanted. Write for free bS. gain price lists. Orders rushed-Buy with confidence, from CaZ ad a s largest retreadera Merrlrk Tire Company, Box XV L. lii-rfl King West. Hamilton. Ontario.
:
PERSONAL
Believed to be the smallest in the world, a donkey belonging to a Bristol, England, breeder ia two feet six inches high and weighs only twenty pounds.
MARRY—WOULD YOU MARRY IF suited? Hundreds to choose from, gome with means. Many farmers' dü iphters and widows with proparty. Particulars lOe, confidential Canadian Correspondence vlub. Box 111, Calgary, Alberta.
Issue No. 30 — 939
?






*

M

i

###PAGE###7###
>
public their advantages as residents of a British democracy.
The campaign was authorized at the annual meeting of the national chapter.
It was reported 10,000 copies of the booklet “Canada Within the Empire” had been distributed to Canadian schools and the balance of the 40,000 printed will be plae-ed in September.
Would Teach
Rosie’s Fourth Fit of Temper
Empire Value
Sunday
School
Lesson
7*

i
¦tih


V.
m


t

The national executive committee of the Imperial Order of the
Daughters of the Empire have empowered a special committee to investigate and report on the sentials of a campaign to call to the attention of the Canadian


?¦

'&-A lOr

¦PT

LESSON V
JEHOSHAPHAT: A LIFE OF OBEDIENCE
2 Chronicles 17:1-19
Printed Test
\
¦r
By William Ferguson
This Curious World
2 Chronicles
I
£i
17:1 6; 9-12


Scek ye finit hi* kingdom, and hi* rigditeouenes*. Matt. G:33.
THK LKSSON IN ITS SKTTINO Time.—.Mioshaphat warn born in 908 B.C.; he ascended the throne at the age of thirty-five in 878 R.C., and died in 849 B.C.
Principally the city of
Golden Text

BEAVER.
*
ill
ONE OF THE. MOST
INT£LLtGENT
OF ALL ANIMALS, IS Ak

«r-1


Rosie, bad actor of the elephant troupe in the Kingling Bros, circus touring eastern Canada recently, didn't like the tasks assigned to her when the big tent was being pitched in Toronto. She seized an attendant in her trunk, tossed him to the ground and injured him so badly that he was rushed to hospital for attention. This picture, taken just as the pachyderm's temper flared, shows keepers driving back Rosie while the injured man crawls to safety (arrow). According to reports this is Rosie’s fourth At of temper ending in injury to her keepers in the current season.
\

-4L
m
Place.-
Jerusalem
Prosperity of Jehoshaphat's
Reign
A FAMILY

NOTED FOR. ITS
AATA/TAZ./TV'/
%
3-2. And Jehoshaphat his son reigned in his stead, and strengthened himself against Israel. And he placed forces in all the fortified cities of Judah, and set garrisons in the land of Judah, and in the cities of Ephraim, which Asa his father had taken. Jehoshaphat ascended the throne of Judah upon the death of his father, in 873 B.C., at the age of thirty-five, and reigned for a quarter of a century. Jehoshaphat was fortunate in being the son of a father who had himself left the kingdom of Judah stronger than he found It,
sons come into a
I
Canadian Cedar Camps
Y outh Camps
Plan Rejected
Silo Is Needed For Dairy Herd
PS
EjLOP anKjual.
England and Wales Utiliae Canadian Wood
N
Federal Minister of Labor Rogers Gives Reasons For Turning Down Idea of Corps Association
a
Silage Supplies the Bulk Element In A Cow’s Feed
/(.
GROWtH
I
N


w
Camps built of Canadian cedar, to be used for schools in peacetime and as refuges shelters In war-time, are under construction in England and Wales. The first will be completed by the end of August.
The camps are being built In standardized units. All buildings are of Canadian cedar with cedar ahingle roofs. Each camp will be laid out on the site by an architect.
»
INC
Silage U valuable for the dairy herd because It stimulates the appetite and practically everything depends upon the dairy cow's appetite. It also furnishes the bulky element, which Is necessary in every ration. A cow cannot safely eat enough feed to make her flow of milk unless she haa a ration that Is bulky and furnishes her with material for rumination. Silage Is an all year feed. It replaces the elements of pasture In Winter and It supplements pasture in Summer. If the pasture dries up a# Is too often the case, sl'age over. If the cows are heavy milkers silage can profitably be fed with good pasture for the variety of succulence encourages the cow to eat more.
Hon. Norman McL. Rogers, Minister of Labor, listed nine reasons why the Federal Government rejected the plan of the Canadian Corps Association to place 50,000 unemployed youths in vocational training camps similar to the C.C. C. camps in the United States, for a two-year period.
Mr. Rogers said that the prohibitive cost, estimated at $50,000,000, was the primary reason for the rejection. In addition, the Federal Administration objected to the inference “regimentation” which might be drawn from such action, he said.	»
The other reasons Mr. Rogers listed as: Opposition of labor and youth organizations; the detrimental effect of the output of the camps on private industry; attraction of youths from farms; interference with defence plans; duplication of existing vocational facilities; the undesirability of removing young men from normal contact for two years, and climatic conditions preventing economic operation of the camps during winter months.

1
’!
I,

A CHANGE OF
fJtjjy Pidte cjen
IN THÉ HEAT OF 1
VAOULD BE
just as many large inheritance or fall heir to a well-established business because of the faithfulness and wisdom and of a good father. Jehos-
i
%
SUFFICIENT TO DESTROY ALL LIFE UPON fbE EARTH.
energy
haphat was an ideal son to sit up-tbe throne cf Judah in that he determined to carry on the com-mcmiablc work that engaged his father’s attention during hi#
Jehoshaphat was wise

on


Construction has begun on four It is hoped that seven
7-xt
camps
more will be started almost imme
/one little change in two bttton years.
rt.pn
enough to know that a nation s permanent security and true welfare can rest only upon the solid rock of genuine religious convie-
des one
diately
A normal snuff-taker will use about one ounce, costing to 50c, in a week.
m 25c
tk'n*
3-4. And Jehovah was with Jehoshaphat, because he walked in the first ways of his father David and sought not unto the Baalim. But sought to the God of his father, and walked in his commandments, and not after the doings of Israel. His father’s previous life incentive to Jehoshaphat
SEARCHER FOR YOUTH
NOTES
RADIO
Answer to Previous Puzzle 13 Water holes.
15 Genus of pines.
17 More spactou* 19 Fancier.
23 Eye.
25	Not cold.
26	At what Uns
27	Since.
28	Farm.
30 Fiber knots.
32	Lower parle of dr
33	Era.
35 One who
drones.
VERTICAL 37 Deed 1 He sought the 39 To dine, fountain of	40 At this time,
youth.	43 Opposed to on.
44	Stir.
45	Mineral spring
46	Aye.
48	Three.
49	To strew with ashes.
51	Dye.
52	Advertisement
53	Spain.
55 Electrical unit
HORIZONTAL
1 Pictured E discoverer of a U. S. A.	If
state.	b
10	Bad.	ft
11	Bridle straps, fl
12	To sow again 14 To rent 16 Those who
prune.
18 To recede.
20	Fodder vat.
21	Rhode Island
22	Toward.
24 Floodgate.
26 Obnoxious
plant.
vas an
to follow the God who alone could redeem and bless his people; no doubt there was a longing in this young man’s righteousness, first in his own life, and then in the lives of his people. On the other hand, the idolatrous practices of the Israelites to the north and the constant pressure of multitudes of people, who found it much easier to yield to the desires of the flesh than to follow the Lord, to offer the shallow worship which was sufficient when bowing down before dead idols than to bring to an all-wise and holy God a true spirit of conviction and a desire to do his will, would tend to draw him away from Hie holy resolves.
5-6. Therefore Jehovah established the kingdom in his hand; and all Judah brought to Jehoshaphat tribute; and he had riches and .honor in abundance his heart was lifted up in the ways of Jehovah.
NEWS
AND
By MADGE ARCHER
HAND
heart for true
Compromise Between Radio and
Screen
Sometime In April news loaked out that great arguments were going on between the networks and the studios in Hollywood. The studios claimed that people stayed home to listen to their screen favorites for nothing, rather than pay to see and hear them at the theatres. The networks on the contrary maintained that radio engagements were valuable advertising for the stars. The matter ended in a compromise. >
Had matters come to a showdown, there would have been plenty of fire-works. Cecil B. de Milles Radio Theatre would have been pulled off the air; Likewise Good News. Programs like the Chase and Sanborn Hour and Bing Crosby's Hour would have bad to fish elsewhere for their guests. And Bing Crosby himself would probably have had to make the supreme choice between being a star of the air or a star of the screen.
TO BE HEARD: Farm Broadcasts. CFRB 1.05 p.m. Mondays to
Fridays... Farm Broadcasts, CBL,
130 p.m., Mondays to Saturdays ..
Ontario Kitchen of the Air, CFRB, 2.45 p.m. Tuesdays and Thursdays ... July 28, 2.30 p.m., CBL Canadian Henley.... 6 p.m. CBL, Canadian Amateur Golf ..... 10 p.m,
NBC Robin Hood Dell, Sir Ernest
MacMillan, conductor ... July 20,
4 p.m , CBL, Can. Amateur Golf...
4.15 p.m. CBL, Can. Henley ......
446 pm, CBL, Can. Amateur Golf
... July 30, 2.30 p.m., CBS, CFRB,
Goodwill Court .... 8 p.m. NBC,
CBL, Chase and Sanborn Hour, July 31. 8.30 pm, NBC, Magic Key
___ 9.10 p.m., CBS, CFRB. Guy
Lombardo .... August 1, 8.30 p.m.,
NBC, CBL, Information Please 9 p.m., CBS, CFRB, We, the
People .... August 2, 8.30 p.m.,
CBS, CBL, Goodman Band ..........
9 p.m., CBC, CBL, Songs of the
World ... 10 p.m., NBC, CBL. Roy
Shield s Orch..... August 3, 9.30
p.m., CBC, CBL, Serenade for Strings; 9 p.m., CBC, CBL, Toronto Prom.......	10 p.m., CBS,
CFRB, Columbia Workshop .... 10
p.m....BC, CBL, Kraft Music Hall.
Canadian Sports to be Broadcast During the beginning of the week of July 24, special broadcasts will be given of the actual events taking place during the playing of the Canadian Amateur Golf Championships at the Mount Bruno Golf Club. However on Frl., July 28, two broadcasts will be heard over CBL and the coast to coast network, one at 11.45 a m. and the other at 6 p.m. On Saturday the broadcast will begin at 4 p.m. There will be a fifteen minute interruption from 4.15 to
4.30	p.m. when the CBC will turn to St. Catharines, Ont., for the Canadian Henley Regatta. At 4.30 p.m. the broadcast from the Mount Bruno Golf Club will be resumed and It is hoped to be able to give the final matches of the afternoon and the presenting of the Championship Cup and other prizes. The broadcasts will be handled by Gerry Wll-mot. Special Events commentator. The other big sporting event to be featured by the CBC will be the Canadian Henley Regatta at St. Catharines. This feature will be heard on Friday, July 28. from
2.30	to 2.45 p.m. and on Saturday, July 29, from 4.15 to 4.30 p.m. Rumor has it that negotiations are going forward also to bring to listeners the playing of the semifinals of the Davis Cup Matches during the month of August.
••
Dionne Home
Plans Shelved
M
Pending Solution of Legal Difficulties—Would House The Quintuplets and All the Fam-
41	Rowing tool.
42	To decay.
44 Social insect.
27 Morindin dye. 45 Pig pen.
29 Pitcher.
31 Wrecks.
33	Turkish officer.
34	In bed.
36	Annoyed
37	Contest for a 56 He discovered prize
38	Superiority in 57 He was
by birth.
ily
Plans for a new home to house the Dionne quintuplets, their parents and their numerous brothers and sisters have been shelved, pending solution of the legal difficulties between Oliva Dionne and Dr. Allan Roy Dafoe, their physic-
2	Above.
3	An effort.
4	Having a spasmodic motion.
5	Doctor.
6	Snaky ftsh
7	Falsehood.
8	Grafted.
9	Bone.
47 Humor.
50 To grow dim. 52 Church parts 54 Rocks containing metals.
Ian
Dionne also has pending a suit In which he claims damages from Dafoe because the doctor joined the Saints and Sinners Club of New York as a "Doctor of Litters."
The quintuplets’ guardians are refraining for the first time Im months from discussing plans for the new home. The plana, which have been the main subject for consideration at the meetings since they were first introduced, have been plaved in the unfinished business files until the litigation i• settled.
rank.
And
<
l
Religious Revival Under Jehoshaphat
As Jehoshaphat proceeded to cleanse the land of Judah of its idols and groves where pagan practices were carried on, he came to realize that the destruction of these- iniquitous devices was not enough. The people’s hearts needed changing. Unless light came into their souls, and they saw Jehovah as the only true and living God, they would sooner or later go back to the same practices, and again make images like unto those that he had destroyed. So the king with greatest wisdom undertook a vast program of religious teaching throughout all the cities of his kingdom.. He sent forth 14 men to teach the people.
9. And they taught in Judah, having the book of the law of Jehovah with them; and they went about throughout all the cities of Judah, and taught among tw* peo-
fulfilled to
through Moses was
Jehoshaphat’» power and goodness were expressed in peace and public works and buildings of L He saw great benefit alliance with Israel rather
Accordingly, the
them
greatness in an l. than civil war old feud between the two kingdoms was dropped and Jehoshaphat made peace with Israel and cemeted the political union by marrying his son Jehoram to Ath-aliah, the daughter of Ahab.
I
pie
By J. MILLAR WATT
*
POP—Overdone
Jehoshaphat did not think It enough to leave things to be done by existing institutions. Like a wise and an earnest man, he cast about for additional methods, he looked in all directions for competent men to extend his pious pur-
10-11-12. And the fear of Jehovah fell upon all the kingdoms oi the lands that were round about Judah, so that they made no war against Jehoshaphat. And some of the Philistines brought Jehoshaphat presents, and silver tribute; the Arabians also brought him flocks, seven thousand and seven hundred rams, and seven thousand and seven hundred he-goats. And Jehcshaphat waxed great exceedingly. And he built in Judah cashes and cities of store.
Thus the promise of
A
vzaiteR/SIR, WMO WAS BEEN LEFT* 250,000 DOLLARS?
l/T THE-
DID YOU READ A
I CALL IT OVERDOING THE-TIPPING BUSINESS
IM
•)
i
i -i.


YES :
pose
6

i

Ç»
/
\

»
ti
c
i
dir
f!
P
/
3
\\
J
//
I
!
#*r<
/
3-9
k:
NS
.1
»#»«. 11*1, Th* Hull

<
ref#. Per
God



1


t


z/
»/

/
>1

"
/

i



/
S.I
F I


f
/


i

11


a

5QB
a b
êp
ÏSiViSSC

re
EgBBQ
bg5»z@5ïhc2 nas
G SKuii
¦u


###PAGE###8###


rrr---map '

»

W

c


)






.5$
*3!


%
rit»

• ?


Look Here
ment wnn in Pontiac cemetery.
Miss Kilroy was boni in Wyman, 86 years ngo. a daughter of tue late John Kilroy ami Margaret O’Donnell, and lived there all her life. Although she had been In ill health for a number of years, her death on Monday, July 23rd, came as a shock to her many friends.
Left to mourn her lose is one brother, William Kilroy, of Wyman,


For Salp, Wants, Found
Lost ole;
PEDLAR’S
Singer Sewing Machine Company
Wish to Announce
o
ROOMER WANTED - Comfortable room to let, suitable for student. Apply to Mum, Ray MvTikknan, Main Street, Shawvllle.
g
Metal Roofing
and Siding
Barn and Stable
Equipment
\
ROOMS TO RENT—Two nice large room» to let, with or without board. Apply to Mue. Hkctuk Telford, Main Street, Shawrille.
\
FREE Home Sewing Course and Demonstrations by Miss B. Price, of Toronto, at the Women’s Institute Tea Room, in the Agricultural Hall, Shawville,

X
\
More Camels Than Frenchmen
One large and useful population group in Tunisia is made up of camels. There are more camels in Tunisia than either Frenchmen or Italians, points out the National Geographic society. Over 160,000 strong, these camels, alive, are valuable as beasts of burden; dead, their hair is made into tents, coats, and shoes; their skins into water containers that serve in the desert with almost thermos bottle efficiency. Though motor transport has to some degree replaced the traditional and odoriferous denizen of the desert, the camel is still a highly useful means of transport. Easily covering 100 miles a day, it rivals the horse in speed. Except in the hot summer months, it can go comfortably up to 10 days without drinking. Its endurance is proverbial.
x
a
FOR SALE — Black Gelding Farm Horse, will take any kind of farm tdoek In exchange Apply to John Wit kin a, R K. No, 3, Shaw ville.
ssr was
for Free Particular* FAMILBX PRODUCTS COMPANY. 570 SL Clement Street, Montieal, Que.
\
\
X
X
V
NOOI I N O
\
X
t
X
August 14th to 18th
x
We handle everything in these lines
Roofing- Carried in Stock
x
\
X
Everybody Welcome
x
Cemetery
Donations
\
\
\
DEAN BROS.
Previously acknowledged f 34 00
Alf. Armstrong W. J. Dagg ..
Andrew Sly ..
W. H.Corri Melbourne Station, Ont Mr». Hudson. Chelsea
E T. Hodgins.......
Fred Thomas........
I Wesley Hodgins .. .
I Mrs. James D Thomas Bade*
Ed. Ccwan ..,
Arthur Somerville .....
John Caldwell, Caldwell
John L. Hodgins........
Dwight McDowell ......
Miss Maria Ann Hodgins Harold Hodgins Chris Caldwell Plate Collection

J,jZiZ|ZiZlZ.ZLZ|ZiZi/|ZiZlZlZlZ!/IX,ZlZ|Zly,i/lZ.ZlZiZ|ZiZ|ZlZ|ZjZiZV]Z>ZlZlZiZiZ|Z ZIZIZIZ
8 00
Starks Corners,
2 00
Quebec
Phone 9-19
8 00
8 00

Money Savers
Shawville R. R. No. 2.
Haley’s
The Language of Christ
1 00
The language used by Christ was the Aramaic, a dialect of northern Syria The Israelites were much ! in contact with Aramaean populations, and some words from that | tongue became incorporated into the Hebrew at an early date. At the time of Hezekiah, Aramaic had become the official language of both The following have received High Judea and Assyria : that is. the Ian- School Leaving Certificates
sus? a, srirss ga&w* ": a? ix v&xx 5s ;-srjsr-trsr-xrxs sssx1: : %	•
! s-s;
ira
Hebrew, though still the language By Supplemental Examination» 1939
ar-« Mr
8 00
• • •
1 00
I
Men’s WorK Shirts
Blue Denim, Plaids, Chambray, some with zippers two pockets, coat styles. Regular selling to $1 25
Everyone a bargain at 79c
Men’s Work Pants
Stripes and Plaids in cottonade—five pocket, roomy
cut, now selling from
Heavy Quality Pant Overalls
Riveted pockets, Now selling at
One-finger Work Cloves
Ilorsehide fronts. Special at.......
Fine Quality Work Boots
Leather sole and half rubber. See these boots at $3.49
i oo
1 00
Weigh the Lamb*
Results of Grade II June Exams
Hodgins
2 00
ft 00
Now is the time of. the year when lambs should bo weight'd In see if they have reached desirable market weights, lambs are deciving to uitny farmers as to rapidity of growth and actual weight. A farmer, asked to guess the weight of a lamb, put it it 80 lbs. or over, scales showed a weight of 103 lbs . There is a market outlet for all well finished lambs between 80 and 100 lbs. on pasture at a good price. Nothing tends to lower lamb prices more than f)78 the marketing of light, unfinished lambs. 653 ! The months of July and August are profitable for the si le of good lambs. Sheep rainera will find it tu their advantage to use the scales regularly so thst the finished lambs can be market-054 fd fr°ni week to week when good lamb is in demand.
2 00
2 00
2 00
ft 00
1 00
781
2 60
.	780
The
2 00
083
ft 00
072
$1.25 to $1.75
.	43 10
043
• •
043
028
024
$1.25
• • e ••••••
648
i
704
69 cts.
600
3
FILL THIS SPACE
Send donations to D. J. Campbell, Treasurer


Norris E. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
A-
25th
Hospital Report for July
k
Shawville Community Hospital ed Ht the hum of S \V M vKectm ie reports 34 admissions totalling 202 at Wyman, during the morning hospital days for the month of the judging demonstration „
July. There were three deaths given by Dr. C. D MacKenzie and four births during the month, the Central Expelimental Farm
D L»{>ch«ni	at
Heai'li nt noon. During the after noon discussions were held in dairy classes and Dr. MacKenzie
Despite unfavourable weather ed VwatS%'rts%"foll°'V' there was ft huge attendance at In the ev#min the memorial service held in the
tews
I
being
of
t
»
Used Cars
Large Attendance at Memorial Service
1035—Chevrolet Sedan 1031—Chevrolet Sedan
1037—	Por.tiae Coach
1038—	Willyt Pick-up 1938—Ford Tudor Deluxe 1920—Plymouth Coupe 1937- Dodge Coach
1931 —Buick 1931—Plymouth Sedan 1931—Dodge Sedan 1930-Ford Sedan	|
All ready to go at reasonable prices.
, .soft ball, ng the prize winners
¦fpSiiwES ieilSSS
EsSisiiSP
and impressive address.
Singing was led by the Provincial Boys' Band from Camp Melody.
Green Lake, under thedirection of Mr. A. B Ciighton and Mr. Wm.
Ormiston.
A substantial collection and several individual donations were received by Dr. D. J. Campbell, treasurer.
i


J'û




UNITED STATES NAVY BAND Two Em Concert* Daily
VAN ALEXANDERS ORCHESTRA Compo-4 r. “A Ti>kel-A Twket" Management. M«»k i or portion of America
Darning Nightly
WORLD S FAIR REVUE Glamorou- Girls — (.orgeou*- Spectacle
A MILE OF SMILES New Midway Ride- and Show*
WORLD'S GREATEST VAUDEVILLE Eury Night Before The Grandstand
5 DAYS HORSE RACING BIG FARM MACHINERY EXHIBIT HORSE SHOW


6$


Michael Andrew McGoff
The funeral of the late Miohnel Andrew McGoff was held from hi* hjte residence, Quyon. Q„e, on l- nday morning, July 28th, to St. Mary s chinch, for requiem nm.s, ."anted by Rev. FVher McDonald Interment was in Pontiac
<5
BiSi
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service

*

Ford Service
<•
H RE FOOD SHOW BABY SHOW


Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
cerne
tei
dog show
¦«¦¦¦immÊÊmmmm
Mr. McGoff was born in North
SS&SGBrtS/ ÆV%
Wen-, and married Mary Ellen Dolan, and had lived in Quyon for the past 1j years. He xva*a black-huith by trade, but for the past couple of years had been operating
a	t*01* !n Qiiyoii.
His death, which occurred at the Ottawa General Hospital on Wednesday following a 11 operation, caused deep regret to all mentis and

t:
Garden Party Largely Attended
LIVE STOCK POULTRY AM) PETS GOVERNMENTAL. INDUSTRIAL. CIVIC. MLR< HANTS’ DISPLAYS SCHOOL EXHIBITS FLOWERS AND FRUITS BOYS AND GIRLS COMPETITIONS WOMEN S INSTITUTE DISPLAYS— HANDICRAFTS HIGHLAND AND TAP DANCING - ATHLETIC MEET
BOYS BAND COMPETITIONS .
FIREWORKS
J. P. Wilson
AC
The Garden Party held on the ' grounds of St. Edward the Con lessor’s Church, Bristol, was largely attended, about 400 being pres-
Main Street
Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40

h


ent


The Indies of the parish served supper from 5.00 p.m. until all xvere served.
The soft ball game between Elm-side and Qnynn, was won by El inside, th< score being 20 to 15.
Following the supper the guests enjoyed a urogramme of music, songs, tavelancing aud comedy sketches. Those taking part Mere; Misses Louise Dumas, Doreen Storey, Francis McKee. Marion Smith. Betty Strang and Margaret McCaffrey and Messrs. Kenneth and Richard Dumas, Herb Mullins, Lindsay Judd, Arthur Mmphy and Merlin Smith.
The holder of the lucky ticket winning the quilt donated by the Ladies’ Auxiliary, was Mrs R. P. Eades, Shawville.
Mrs. Daly, of Ottawa, won the quilt donated by Mrs, Paul Chabot.
^ COUPON TICKETS
OtotSIQO
ADMISSION
Cards of Thanks
i
hi-
il Ail fiUKffl w l« «* Mil MTU
Mr. and Mrs. Norman Campbell and family desire to thank many friends of ibis district for their kindness and pressions of sympathy at the time of fbe tragic* death of their son and brother, John Campbell.
beautiful floral and^iritual offer
family8''’0 reCeived by t,ie bereaved
Surviving besides hi* wife are one daughter, Anne McGuff. at
Onslow ; Mrs. Daniel Teeven-, of
Ovo brothers. Thomas
ïKïîsti:.10-"



ex-


% ^


¦
¦





4
it

Ah
>
<
V
< i;
T S*
I

The family of the late Joseph Devine wish to thank their many friends and relatives for their kindness and sympathy and floral offerings received during our recent sad bereavement.
>


AUGUST
\







#

Vi

#


¦ Teacher Wanted
One Roman Catholic Teacher, for School No. 3, must he qualified to teach English and French. Salary, Three Hundred Dollars per annum.
Apply to
EDMUND LOCKMAN,
St. Andre Avril in, Que. Papineau County.
*
Mise Minnie Kilroy Dies at Wyman	WKÊÊÊÊÊWÊÊ
Final tribute was paid the memory of Mins Minnie Kilroy, at her funeral Jield Tuesday from the residence of her brother, at Wyman, Que., to St Mary's church, Quyon, for requiem mass, chanted by Kev. Father McDonald. Inter-
7hi Hoyd Iftcn oft ftoycJZ &nUntc*Hmbnt

Renfrew and Pontiac Calf Clubs Hold field Day in Bristol



PRIZE LIST. BOOKLETS AND ALL INFORMATION ON REQUEST.
A joint field day of Renfrew and Pontiac County Calf Clubs was
held in Bristol, on Tuesday, July


H STANLEY H1GM
rtûdewi
,-v
»

> #

v


•-4>
i




