###PAGE###1###
rfcÆ
'
ri Si mm I





s.#



"93",


4 :
Ho 49, 50th SfBAB
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE, THURSDAY,
$1.50 ptp annum In Advance 2.00 to the United Statee
JUNE 1,	1939
I
PERSONAL MENTION
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
ENGAGEMENT
Any person willing to dbpottf or
»ell their copy of Mffi.lBiproO.	*
Renting their comedy of rural fife, . Mii;. W. A. Smith, of Renfrew, engagement of their daughter.
•‘Hardscrabble Fatin'* in Murrell'» ** ydtlng at the home of hereon Annie, to Mr. Ja«on Howard, of Community Hall, on Friday even- daughterin-law, Mr. and Mrs. Mo rebead. Que. The mairiage to| ing, June 9th, at 8 15 o'clock. All Heuben Smithtake P,a<* *»r!y 1,1 Ju,ie enjoyable comedy. Prices, 25 and Miss Minerva Sparling, of Ot 15 cents.	V* tawa, was a week-end guest of her
A three act comedy, entitled, mother, Mrs. Geo. Sparling at “Aunt Tilly Goes to Town” will Murrell*.
be presented in St. Andrew's Mr Elmer Telford of Virginie.	Splaine -Tblford
under the auspice» of St. Andrews	1	Mr. McIntosh, Mary Evelyn, only
Woman's Association. Admission, Mr and Mrs. Gordon Hobbs and daughter of Mr. and Mm, Hector 25 and II cent*.	little daughter, of. Ottawa, weie Telford, of Shawville, Que , U> Mr.
a. noon .ti&Mîl; Fata?*» at ¦* Brsrsnsasr Adius!HARLAND row at
i=L
on the lawn after hmeh and die- Mr. FredW. Schwnrtz. of “P residence InnsmbroKe.	Main Street, Que.
Mr* Wyman Meeî&nVof W y- SndJd'vKt W reh&1ve% Britî-h	Dalb-Shrppard	OSC A R L A F L A M M F
man, who was visiting Dr. and jColumbia, and 8an Francisco, Uni.. I A pretty wedding took place *• OSCAR LAFLAMME
Mr». McDowell at the time, hurried [J.3.A. Mr. Schwartz warn In quietly on Saturday evening, Mav	Advoeate. Barrister ¦
to the upper deck and witlj bue- Vancouver for the Royal visit.	)S)th. in the rectory of St. George s	Solicitor. #to
».	Wdb.,.	Omet : Campbell', Bey, Que.
ssy'^asff 2&? ss Kg	w? 58	* u-"
5!ff a .Arm	^ MS* SK^rSÎSÏBl
only for the qnick reeponee of the week end.	Clifton Dale, eon of Mr. and Mrs
volunteer brigade eerfoue damage Ctu,,table Wm. Condie. R.C M.P.. Sana Dale, of Shawville. * would have resulted to this l®-1 nephew of Mr. David T. Hodgins, The bride wore a charming dree* posing and apamone home.	I of town, le travelling with the of jrie bine with na vy accessories,
Royal train. Constable Condie, *nd tae brideemaid, Mies Pan,y le formerly of Edmonton and wae Sheppard, sister of the bride, wore transferred to Ottawa a few row beige and laponica. Mr. E. months ago, when he visited hie Horner attended the bridegroom
Stark's Corners Y.F.V prerented unJ,e	reeideoce In Shawv'illê, Que. #
their four-act comedy drama. Mr. and Mr*. A G. Brough, of
“Haidecrabble Farm" to m good Shawville, Quebec, announce the
crowd In the church hall, on Frl engagement of their daughter,
suss* .ïs JïirA» &sr.»0 Ms.s„„;.
WMSlëë. ! i mSÉEE
Isggsss ebbs*-	m^mwÊÊÊi
mm
veaDe	cents.
Shawville Hardware
as f,
Seasonable
Requirements

Ottawa, Ontario
: This old reliable school ha* removed to larger and finer premise*. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a !
^j
reputation. Open all year.

MARRIED
established
HU
Fishing Tackle Fly Repellents MÉ Screen Doors, Winder Soraens Spring Hinges, Calv'd Screen Wire Carden Spades, Shovels, Hoes, Forks
#» Ftk	! -5» W,	•/ V .* '‘x’S. )h’*- jt «. f' <’ »	i Cj r - * t ' ' «I v***l'^1
Lawn Mowers, Crass Shears, Broom Rakes
i
W. I. COWUHC, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE
Principal


J Est. C. J. Caldwell
CLINTON H. DOWD
». A. LL. B
¦¦¦¦¦peippigiL. i
Advocate, Barrister, etc.
Main Street .
• #
- Hull, Que.
Phone, Sher. 1354
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que
e 7»rj Friday evening.
DONAT Le GUERRIER
»• A.» LL. B„
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
DI BD
Copper Bearing
FENCING
Branch at Qoyon ; will call any , Monday on request, '
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
\ \ vs N VVVS.VVVV WV N svsvs
Johnston — At Shawville Com
ar? eh
Fort, Que., in her 70th. year 'h^TUS es St The funeral was held at two	'¦
o'clock on Wednesday afternoon from the home of her daughter,
Mrs. Lawrence Stewart to St.
Georges Anglican Church. Interment was made In Horton
cenieterfF Ont. WÊtÊÊÈÊKÊtÊA
conducted by the Rector, Rev.
Thoe. Leggct. t
After the crop is in will be the time to make
new and repair the old fences
0*. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
Campbell's Bay Store Robbed Early «Sunday
Morning
The Red * White store owned Arrangement, are being romand operated by W., J. Deronln, pleted for the Sports Day. spon-of Campbell’s Buy, was the scene gored by local business men at the of a daring robbery on Sunday Shawville Fair grounds, on Fri morning. Mr. Deronln. whose real day afternoon, June 0th. de nee is next door to the store, a full programme
¦n ieup
Hamel or Campbell*» Hay and negotiating a check for that amount.
Jam# 9th
We have just received a new shipment of
Sei vice Was
MONTREAL, QUE.
PACE WIRE
BELAI* 31ST
IeselBg Worthless .Cheeks
of athletics
and our prices are right
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
s
Heavy Weight Stelco Standard Gage
7—40 Seven Strands 40 inches high 44 cts. per rod
>
Phone SI,
Dr. R. Q. DOCKS
email safe.
Provincial Detective R. French investigated
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
42
55 44 e44 44
8—42 Eight
«4
44
44
D DX* M Pays Official Visit
T»**
, Poor Young *»eeple Plunge z To Death off Cornwall Bridge
7—26 Hog Fence, uprights 12 inches 36
of Hg|] DlrtygJBggs !
kiUed ea^^^Mo^hty morn?ng[ 7i ro«de hi* official visit to Pontiac I Ottawa—On© matter giving con_____________________________________________
when tber automobile	in which	Lodge, A F. & A.M.,	at Its regular	triderable concern	in the quantity] At	Campbell’s	Bay from	Friday	night
they .were riding plunged through	***>n on Friday night last. The	of low grade eggs	being offered sol	to	Monday	night of each week.
Rooseve/t*^nternatlon»T *Bridy filled bv several officer.	d^y^tlie weather has
and crashed 60 feet to the embank- home and neighboring lodge,, waelnot been such as to cause determent between Cornwall Canal and introduced to the Shawville lodge, ioratloo. Reports indicate a lot
the 8fc Lawrence River. The car by Past D.D.OM s, Nellis Hod gin- of trouble with dirty eggs, morel Eye> Ear.No.e.nd Thro.i Sp.ci.li.t landed upside down and was so «ud H. linisoD, and was welcomed particularly ‘«i the Western Pro-^^^—^ badly crushed the bodies were by.W-H W. C. Schwartz.	vinces It is unfoi tunite that the
removed from the wreckage with Following the lodge room ex-1 grade appearance of high quality great difficulty	erciaes, the deputy grand master	[eggs should be spoiled by careless
The dead are -	gave an address and also spoke at	ness in production and it would
Lawrence J. Currier,	24, driver,	the banquet, which	was presided	appear as if some	really effective
of the car, son of the	late Fred	over by the Master.	The toast 1st	extension work in	producing areas
Currier and Mrs- Currier, of Max- deluded speeches by the following could be undertaken to the end of ville Ont	F «i	Pe»t Mm ter», Alex Anderson and avoiding dirty eggs. The eon
Lawrence "Collie"	Coleman,	26.	Howard Wright, of Hull ; Wm.	si,ming public aieliecouiing more
son of Mr. and Mrs.	Daniel	Cole-	Gnmei. of Aylmer ; Geo Bchford,	fastidious in the matter of egg
man ot Maxvllle	Lganville ; wot Newton, of appearance and egg quality aim if
Miss Wincey ' MaCDonell, 21. Montreal ; R.P. Fades, 8hawville ; the current demand is to be main < l»m g liter of Mr Angun MacDon- *n(* Rev. A. F. Pokes, Shawville. ta ined more care in this direction
nell aud the late Mrs [itecDonneil,	----------- on the part of producers will have
Of Kirkland Lake.	Part, Held fer	to be taken - Dominion Agru-ul-
Miss Agnes O'Brien, 23, daughter Newly weds	I tarai Bulletin,
of ,Sf*
Sid concession of Kenyon town Mr and Mrs. Clifton Dale, were ship, Glengarry.	;	the guests of honor at a largely
R°th b<*y8 were members of the attended party in the Theatre MaxvUle Millionaires hockey team, gall on Friday evening, when thrice winners of the Ottawa and over two hundred gathered to ex
I?1.etrkL Jntermedbite champion- tend their best wishes for a happy ship. The young people bad gone	¦	¦*—	¦ - -
to northern New York state on
Sunday evening and were return Hod gins* made
6
44
39	“ 44	“
44
44
7—26
44
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Poultry Fencing
MEDICAL AST# BUILDING
ISO METCALFE STREET,
18 Strands, 48 inches high, 5» cts per rod
18-48
OTTAWA, -
PHONE, 1-7161
ONT.
Poultry Netting

JAMES A. MILLAR
Four feet high, two inch mesh, 6 cts; per foot
U.L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
Hull,Que»
B. A
• *
7 “
44	44
44
44
44
Six
4.
44
l29MainSt
•t
AtPoBtiacHouse, Shawville, every
AtMoyle’s Hotel ^Cempbell's Bey,
GEORGES CARON
Steeples, Nails, Spikes, Brace Wire
• e
Advocate, Barrister
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRI STE*
and prosperous married life Dario# the evening Mr.
1 th , .........................................................
r. Lee e ad-while
%
y
ISS MAIM S PEET,
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proadfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay, every Tuesday from Î.00 to 4.30 p m At Rootiac House, Shawville, every | Tuesday from 0.00 to 8.00 p m. J
S:f-f.ry“3 apsSrs ;s.îSr.,p±! Wp'u°!cAucI«f=n«^L
Kdiiû.ï'.ï. 'KV b?,d££;	B*"1" Su»-/i«1 Co“r*
open for the passage of a steamer dainty refreshments were served	D1*trtet * *
through the canal.	by the ladies.
Shawville
Quebec
SHAWVILLE - QUE.


###PAGE###2###
King and Queen See “Kings Plate”—Oldest Race (Run Continuously) On This Continent
DOUBLE AUTOMATIC BOOKLET

Li
u




t
A
7
A
/

/
?


F
,T>

SLAUGHTti
SCISMIO
MANDARIN BELLI MAHONIf SFRINGSIDE
s
FLOWERFUL YOUNG KITTY KINO O'CONNOR SALLY FULLER
rsa
190S
I9M
III!
1917
• IIS
1123
1939
ISIS
1933
N
fp£

(t

itfcSïfl
mi
S


u-

%
uaL
*
site

%&
N J
Cfianteefeh,
4
$


I


LA

'


iti


i


1
CIGARETTE PAPERS
NONE FINER MADE

b.

i
m
m
«
*1
ip

P
&
*
Higher Mines Tax To Benefit North
HI

m
$
V
'v
i

I
vb 1
*



f
ni S •
ave Yon Heard
t
I
*
•>
>
¦

Municipal Revenues Increased By $175,000 or More
The Town of Timmins this year should receive $25,000 to $30,00# added tax revenues because of s measure to amend the Assessment Act, which came before the O* tario Legislature, Mines Minister Paul Leduc estimated.
Mr. Leduc predicted Tlramln* Teck Township and Tisdale Tow» ship, in which are located most ct Ontario’s profit making gold mines, would together receive $176,001 more this year from the tax oi mine profits.
"The bill is an effort to help ths municipalities, and It will affect only mines with profits, determi* ed by the mine assessors under the Mining Tax Act, of $2,333,00# or more," said the Minister.
M

V

Ws
V
»>•:/#
è
y
mu
10

11
Two boys were teaching a friend to ride a bicycle. After helping him on to the saddle they pushed him off downhill. As he did not return they went in search of him. Meeting an old lady, they asked her if she had seen a boy on a bicycle.
"No," was the reply. "I've not seen anyone except a boy sitting in a ditch mending umbrellas. '

f
a

w
v
J
7


f
N:



Sw





c
.


&
f
kw#Ks»
V
\A
1Xx>
i7
\
T>
Sf w

y
& f
i I
One rather admires the ingenuity of the Persian husband, who, when told by his wife to help with the springcleaning, got hold of the household magic carpet and beat it.
•vX

iLlVHttMV» i NIIMI

V» 1 MAIttUl
— t Mitt

M.llfc'tM* .
iz*:
“v.r
There is no more glamorous name associated with the King's Plate, oldest race run continuously on the North American continent, and which ,	\ ' * Mtieth running at Woodbine, Toronto, on May 22, than that of Seagram. And this year, Their Majesties the King and Queen,
watched the famous race. Tales of Seagram triumphs in this race reach back to the storied past and to the more leisurely age of Victorian times, an age of fair women, fast horses and the placid contentment of the countryside. Since 1891 when Victorious, the aptly named Seagram steed, set the family star in the ascendant, Seagrams have won the Plate 20 times. Twenty winners under the colors of one family is a truly remarkable record and one that is expected to endure for all time. In the above photograph are seen the 20 victors, and inset, Saragossa (left)
rawm (right) entries in the Plate this year. At the top, under the circled heads is a reproduction of 60 guineas annually donated by the King to the winning owner.
ARMS USELESS ON A WET DAY
A young officer returning from leave abroad was about to take his I place in an air-liner when a girl r ran up and asked the passengers if any #ne of them would be kind enough to sell her his seat as her mother was dangerously ill and the liner was full up.
The young officer gave up his •eat and wired his C.O.: "Given berth to girl. Returning by next ’plane."
The reply he received ran: "Corgratulations. Your next confinement will be in barracks."
Here is a noteworthy instance of the manner in which dame weather can affect the joints od one pains.
"1 had been suffering from rheumatism very badly," writes, "and had such pains in joints that I could hardly heal it, on a wet day especially. II pained me terribly to use my arma and I was hardly able to work. I tried two different remedies, but I was still as bad after the treatment.
"Then I was told to try Krus-chcn Salts, which quickly brought relief. So of course 1 have kept on with it, and I am now much better and have never felt so fit for years. 1 used to feel so miserable and sluggish, but now it is a pleasure to be able to work."—
S.B.	,	. .
The pains and stiffness of rheumatism are often caused by urie acid crystals in the muscles and joints. The numerous salts in Kruschen assist in stimulating the internal organs to healthy, regular activity, and help- them to eliminate excess uric acid.
fanilamide—so successfully that disfigurement was prevented In three or four case in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Four persons treated with the drug "recovered immediately after the subsidence of the fever and the symptoms of the initial phase." Three suffered only passing skin eruptions and these disapeared rapidly. The fourth had only three pock marks.
SCOUTING
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
who is subject to rheumati*
What Science
is reported
One of the outstanding events at the big annual Parents’ Night of the 1st Merritton, Ont., Scout Group held at the Merritton Town Hall, was the investing of the Troop's two first King's Scouts. The impressive reaffirmation of the Scout Promise and the "knighting" of the two young candidates with a stroke of the Scout staff.
a mai
is
my
Doing
1. How can a person
overcome the habit of saying tactless things Without thinking?
*
*
1. Is it considered good form for a bridegroom to kiss his bride, following the ceremony at a church?
S. When a girl of eighteen is introduced to a woman of forty, or older, Is it necessary for the girl
to rise?
4 When one has been invited to a party, or other affair, and after accepting he contracts a severe •old, what should he do?
I. Shouldn’t a motorist be Just as eourteous on the road as he is at some social function?
# What is the difference between the formal and informal tea?
MIND'S CLOCK TURNED BACK
Brain specialists can now turn the mental clock back to childhood to treat mental disease.
The effect of the treatment, which is carried on under hypnosis, is to put the mind in reverse, re-orient it from the time it began going bad, and start it over again in normal channels.
Hubby (ariving at 3.00 am ): "Bet you don't know where I've been? "
Wife: "1 do, but go ahead with your story."
The mountains they are silent folk, -	*
They stand afar—alone,
And the clouds that kiss their brows at night
Hear neither sigh nor groan.
Each bears him in his ordered ordered place
As soldiers do, and bold and high
They fold their forest» around their feet
And bolster up the sky.
A Boy Scout Day at the New York World’s Fair has been announced for Thursday, June 29. All Scouts and Scouters in uniform will throughout that day be admitted to the fair at the special admission of 25 cents. A great gathering of Scouts is expected similar to the record attendance of Scout Day at Chicago's Century of Progress Exposition in 1933.
College Student (writing home) : "Say, how do you spell ‘financially’?"
Room-mate: "Financial-
1 y’ and there are two r's in ‘embarrassed'."
SHORT WAVES POP CORN
Short radio waves can be used to pop corn, as well as to send messages and treat persons who are ill, Charles Milliken, graduate electrical engineer at the California Institute of Technology, proved in a demonstration.
Milliken popped the com right in the bag, but used a transparent one of cellulose so the popping process would be visible.
DRUG PREVENTS POCKS
Treatment of smallpox with sul-
"Our cviilization, with its democratic ideal, is based on ideologies of the eighteenth century."—Alexis Carrel.
Hamlin Garland.
The world'» largest Boy Scout, Iread Levendusky, of Force, Pa., Is dead. He weighed 627 pounds.
ANSWERS
1 Think twice before you speak. "A word and a stone once let go cannot be recalled," and a person with this habit should train himself to hesitate before speaking, until this practice is broken.
Î. No. But it Is alt right at a borne wedding.
1. Yes, It Is the courteous thing
to do.
4 Phone the hostess and express bow sorry you are that you cannot tome, but do not go.
I. If there Is any distinction, he should be more alert and courteous ae safety is a factor.
I. The decorations of the informal tea are not so elaborate and the refreshments are more simple. The hostess at an informal affair also mingles with her guests and does mot remain at the door to greet each newcomer.
Classified..
Advertising
AGENTS WANTED
LIGHTNING ROD AGENT WANTED *o sell Phillips Lightning Protective System. B. Phillips Company Limited. Osborne Avenue. Toronto.
rnoKM.it 4riM .
Twelve years ago Scoutmaster Irving Hart organized a Scout Troop among the boys of the Leper Colony of San Lazaro, Philippine Islands. Today there are seven Troops, a Wolf Cub Pack and a Sea Scout "ship", and the Scoutmaster has become the District Field Commissioner. Not only has Scouting greatly Improved the whole tone of the leper community, but has contributed to the complete recovery of a number cf the young patients. This was achieved through the development of a new, cheerful attitude. In place of depression, and a Scout's readiness to follow the prescribed course of treatment.
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH Every roll film developed and 8 high gloss prints 26c. 8 enlarged print» 25c. Reprints same price. Bright-ling Studio, 29A Richmond Street East, Toronto.
AGENTS! STOREKEEPERS! Make big profits selling our over 250 lines of Drygoods and Small-wares. Write today for free Price Liât General Outfitters Reg’d. Box 985, Place D'Armes, Montreal.
BUSINESS CHANCES
FILMS DEVELOPED
FILMS DEVELOPED. TWO PRINTS of each and FREE ENLARGE#. MENT coupon 25c.—Offset Photography Dep. "A", 2 Russell St* Toronto.	___
HEUMATIC
ACHES

OUR PRINCIPALS OFFER PROS-parity. Independence. Security, within reach of all. Write "Home With Income" Agency. North Hatley. Que.
ARTICLES FOR SALE

FLAGS. BUNTING, PLAIN AND Waterproof Truck Covers and Tents. Prices and samples on request John Leckle Ltd..
PERSONAL
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY
Toronto.
MARRY—HUNDREDS TO-CHOOSE from. Many with means. Farmers' daughters. Widows with Property. Particulars 10c. Cob» fldentlal. Box 128 Calgary. Alberta.
have been curbed by
URICONES
START YOUR OWN BUSINESS. Every dollar sale brings you seventy-five cents profit. Write Economy Distributing Company, Curtis Avenue, Leamington. Ontario.
JEWELRY SPECIALS—WALTHAM Pocket Watches. $4 up. Wrist-watches, Rings, etc.. Violins, Saxa-phonee. Unredeemed Pawnbrokers pledges. Catalogue. McTamney’a, Toronto.
Sufferers who have taken a few doses of "Uricones" have been gratified as the relief secured. Rheumatic Aches, Arthritis, Lumbago, Gout, Sciatica, Neuritis, Fibrositis and similar complaints—all have been helped "Uricones", a reliable remedy Rheumatic sufferiBBggggg in the pain zones in _ çated in the diagram.
Excess acid in the system is very frequently the cause of suffering.
•‘Uricones" help S 1 free the blood- strea of these pain-causing excess acids, working to rectify a condition that is so frequently the cause of rheumatic aches and pains.
The results secured with “Uricones" have won for them the confidence of many Rheumatic sufferers. Now you are invited to try "Uricones" without cost or obligation.
DEVELOPING
Ouït tobacco, snuff, easily,
Inexpensively. Home remedy. Tea-
Guaranteed. Advice
ROLLS DEVELOPED, ETCHCRAFT enlargement — 8 prints 28c. Reprints 8c. Photoart Service. Trenton. Ontario. Drawer 80S.
tlmonlals.	¦
free. Bartlett'». Box 1. Winnipeg.
Il A II V CHICKS
&
BRAY CHICKS FOR SALE
"WE ONLY LOST THREE OF 114 Bray New Hampshire chicks. For growth, wo have never seen the like," says Harold Swanson. Williams Point. Nova Scotia. You ran have faat-growlng. early-laying pullet* too. Order Bray chick* today. Bray Hatchery, 130 John Street North. Hamilton, Ontario.
IF YOU WANT AN AFFECTION-
with
Eloquence is the child of knowledge. When a mind is full, like a wholesome river, it is also clear. —Beaconsfield.
af.
ate romantic sweetheart, money, write: Mary Lee. 445-1, Holla. Missouri.
FOI1 SALE

Royalty T astes Buffalo Steaks
PURE MAPLE SYRUP, first quality. Write for prices. Order early. John M. Gillespie. Abbotsford. Que.

sewing Machines a supplies
'#3 1
FUR SEWING MACHINES. REpairs, supplies—all makes, new or trade-in, reconditioned machines In stock — Write A. Gilbert & Son. 33u Yoiige SL. Toronto.
RASPBERRIES. LATHAM. CHIEF, Viking. Fifteen for dollar, hund-our Dollars. Strawberries, Dollar per hundred, prepaid.
Tye, Brigden, Ontario.
I

• i
PORT PERRY, ONTARIO—MRS. A. Steer reports Bray Barred Rock pullets laying at 4% months old. Early layers bring in bigger Fall profits. Start your Bray chick* right away. Bray Hatchery. ISO John Street North, Hamilton, Ontario.
red
Used Trucks
K.
Choice Dish Is Served At One of the Meals on the Royal
Train.
I HIP JOIN I
STAMPS
"5*
FEMALE IIELI* WANTED
See our large assortment of various makes and models at our Showroom.
$950. G.M.C. ’35 T23 B. Stoke Body Duals.
$550. G.M.C ’37 % Ton Pickup.
$525. G.M.C. ’36 % Ton Panel Truck.
$475. Ford ’36 % Ton Panel Truck.
$275. Chevrolet ’33 % Ton Panel Truck.
General Motors Products
Of Canada Ltd.
G. M. C. Truck Retail Branch
208 Spadina Ave.,
T oronto
WA 1831
i
NEWFOUNDLAND STAMPS, 40 different 60c, catalogue value $2.60; Price list* furnished. Ed. Scham-rnell, Botwood, Newfoundland.
SPARE TIME INCOME
IS OFFERED TO RESPONSIBLE woman with good local contacts. Leading magazine publisher seeks neighborhood subscription worker. Experience unnecessary, commissions liberal, generous bonuses. State age. Give references. Box SO, Room 421. 78 Adelaide St. W. Toronto.
TWEDDLE ( HECK* FOR SALE
NEW LOW PRICES FOR TWEDDLE High Quality Chicks. Effective May 18th. Grade A Heavy Breeds 110.45. Pullets $16.75. Cockerels •Me. Legti Extra Pi chick* Heavy Breed* $11.95, Pullets $18.90. Cockerels .09c, Leghorns $11.45, Pullet* $28.45. Started Chick* two weeks old add to day old price*. Cockerels 6c. Non sexed 5He. Pullets .06c. Three week* old add Cockerels .09c, Non sexed 10c, Pullet* 11c. Free calendar and Poultry guide. Prompt delivery.—Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus. Ontario.
The meat of the buffalo, once the principal fare of pioneer plainsmen, Is a popular repast with many Canadians who like extra flavor amd novelty in their meals. Tasty buffalo steaks were served at one ef the meals on the Royal train according to the Department of Resources, Ottawa, which maintains great herds of these animals In two tlonal parks In Western Canada.
Described as the noblest ruminant that ever trod the earth, the buffalo was at one time nearly extinct, but the establishment of herds In Buffalo and Elk Island National Parks saved them from this fate. To-day It Is necessary to reduce the herds at regular Intervals to keep them within the carrying capacity of the park pastures, and from time to time periodic slaughters are carried out by contract under government supervision.
STRAWBERRY PLANTS
IMPROVED SENATOR DUNLAP, Strawberry plants, very hardy, thousand $3 25; $1.75 for 500; 3,00# for $9.00. Mail orders promptly, sent parcel poet. Ralph Shaver, Moulinette, Ontario.
« r
orn* $9.95, Pullets $20.75. roflt the big over-elxe
nil awaæe
m ' Uricooes !U Î^wUmo theiswt Rl àe aad
r-sasrüIë&s
Il AIN <20(111*
WIGS. TUI 1P ES. TRANSFORMA-lions. Switches Curls, end ell types of finest quality Hair Goods. Write for Illustrated catalogue. Confidential terms arranged Toronto Human Hair ttuoDlv Co. 628 RathunL Toronto
TRACTOR MAGNETO AND GENERATOR TftKPAIK»
SEND US YOUR TRACTOR MAGNE, to and Generator Repair#. We save you money. Allaneon Armature Manfr., 855 Bay SL, Toronto.
To HAEOLD A. SMAILMAN,	^
MACHINERY
BADEN CHICK* FOR *ALE
BADEN HIGH QUALITY GOVERNment
HHI
New Hampshire Rocks. Hybrids. Standard 89.25. Cockerel# 88 00. 90%
814.96, Leghorn* $8.75, Cockerels $1.00, Pullets $18.46. Big Egg Quality hatched from 25 to 80 ounce eggs. Heavy Breed# $10.76. Pullets $18.95. Cockerel# $9.00, leghorn* $10.25. Pullets $80.90. Prompt shipment.—Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited. Baden, Ontario.
WHY GO GREYf
«Mar
Rheumatic and allied aumeacs.
Approved Chicks that are r low prices. Barred Rocks.
Rede. Whl*e Quality Pullets
HANDY GREASE CONTAINER AND G.m Iz>-der, Guaranteed. Clean one minute job. Write G. E. A. Malchow. Stavely. Alberta.
~ DEVELOPUfoTa” rmiNTIRG
THOSE GREY STREAKS IN YOU* hair are dead against you. U doubtedly the finest remedy for grey hair Is Morgan’s Pom .«de. This Is not a dye, but scientifically prepared treatment which revitalises the hair. 2 ounce Sl.Ofl large four ounce ft.60, postage prepaid. Order from—R. A. Tuthtll <Canadian Agent) 911 Bloor 8t. West, Toronto. Made and sold 1» England for 60 years.
'***
15c PER ROLL DEVELOPED AND printed on Velox, Reprints 2c each. Our modem equipment assures you beautiful Ht-gloss prints that will never fade or discolour. Barrow Photo Service, 28 Everett Crescent, Toronto 13.
y
(
'39
loue No. 21
###PAGE###3###
ey a» protection from torture thefts of lunches, and branding. They told of "torture sessions" boy gangsters punished squealers and those who failed to pay tribute to the racket. Teach-said to have been "*e# frightened to do anything abeefc
Scholar Gangster»
GARDENING
Queen Mary Looks AfhjphHer Grandchildren
Sunday
School
Lesson
1
when
A big Philadelphia school In which boy gangsters rob pupils and terrorize teachers has been placed under police protection. Whimpering pupils told how • gang of older boys demanded mon-



a
r m
ftv.
(By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
For a real glamour of health and color schome, planning your gar-gen with care will pay the biggest dividends In the Autumn. First see to it, that your rhubarb bed is In good condition. Spring spells more than spring bonnets, new clothes and budding trees. Whisper In tb? gardener’s ear, that yo*r wish to have Just oo#bs of mint, parsley - ànd other lovely greens. Tell him to get ready hii hoe, sharpen his spade and to be most liberal in the planting of spinach, lettuce and all leafy vegetables. Do not forget, that beets and carrots are Just running over with Iron, calcium and phosphorous and many other things we humans are supposed to have. These roots are meant for more than Just to put away In the Fall. Of course have enough to store away too, but ever keep In mind they have an important value for Immediate use. If your space is limited, cut down on the potato patch a bit; potatoes will be easier to purchase. Never miss an opportunity to buy watercress on the market, or best of all, try and make at least one picnic a day searching for It. You will be amply repaid for your effort. This sprightly little product has more than a decorative quality. Its vitamin content is Invaluable.
era are
r
IL"
/
*

j This Curious World *Ær

LESSON IX
PAUL THINKS IN WORLD
TERMS
Romans 1: 1-17; 3:21-30; 6:1-111 10:1116.
Printed Text, Romans 1:1-11 Bolden Text: "I am not ashamed of the gospel; for It Is the power of God unto salvation to every one that belleveth.” Rom. 1:16.
The Lesson In Its Setting Early In A.D. 68.
Paul wrote this letter to the capital of the world from the city of Corinth where he was etaylng In the home of a wealthy Christian named 16:23).
1. Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ tailed to bo an apostle, separated unto the gospel of God. Paul was a freed man as far as his political relation to the Roman Empire was concerned, but Paul proudly boasted that he would ask for nothing than to be a slave of the Lord

%

JAWS OF A
SHARK.
THAT UIVEg Ml LLtONs
)

J
!
r YEARS A OxO (
this'
OP



Time
Épi
mmm
PREHISTORIC CREATURJE COULD HAVE. DEVOURED
s

Place

x -
W'l*
z


E
I


Gains (Rom.
1

w


5Ü

t
SINGLE
ZWDUTHF=UL/
to
%
i

U
L
'







COTS. 1M7IYIHA SCRWCK, M*
^	OF A SLUG***	( SHELLES3 MOLLU3É.)
RESEMBLE A	-
PEARL NECKLACE f
IV
trl


more Jesus.
2. Which ho promised afore ana through his prophets in the holy



i

a..
'v' * V' > X> . V
M
•SS’kSISsSS
miniature village at Beaconsfield, Bucks, England.
SPREAD OUT SOWINGS
Experts not only caution against too early sowing of vegetables, but they also advise not to stop too soon. There is no reason why the plantings cannot be continued In most parts of Canada right through until July. This will spread the harvesting season over an equally long period with vegetables always fresh just coming to maturity.
Beginners are advised to divide their seed into at least three parts, sowing a third as soon as weather permits, a third a little later, and the balance at the very tail-end of the planting season. In this way If frost does cut down the first batch there will be more seedlings coming on.
scriptures.
8. Concerning hi» Son. No cult or religion on the earth today has any message from (iod for man less It honours and exalts and recognizes as supreme In every way the Son of Cod. Who was born of the seed of David according to the flesh. Christ existed from eternity, but he came in a body of our flesh, In the line of David, that Is. In a familv that could trace Its ancestry back to David (Matt. 1:1; 2 Tim. 2:8; Rev. 22:16). Coming In our flesh, Christ became true man.
True Son of Cod
4. Who was declared to be the Son of God with power, according to the spirit of holiness, by the resurrection from the dead; even Jesus Christ our Lord. Christ always the Son of God, but In the body of flesh which he took to himself the Jewish people for the most part refused to recognize him as the Son of God. His rising from the dead set him forth indisputably without any possibility of contradiction, as G
o
a

v
un-
FAHRENHEIT
OF temperature.
BUT SCIENCE NEVER. WILL BK ABLE TO PRODUCE IT/ A FRACTION OF A DEGREE WILL, REMAIN ALWAYS BETWEEN MAN AND THIS GOAL.
NOTES
V
RADIO

O

NEWS
AND
Royal Visit to Banff ..... May 28,
2 p.m
Hour
Barlow’s Columbia Symphony Or-
Helen
SOOTH BROADCAST
An event happened last week which deserves to be recorded as a milestone in radio history. Rudy Vallee did the 500th broadcast of his Varieties and made a reunion of it. In this he was aided by Lionel Barrymore and two of his distinguished graduates, Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy.
Vallee instituted his Varieties on October 24, 1929. The following week ne Introduced his first guest, the Grand Duchess Marie of Russia whom he questioned In an improvised studio located in the base meut of the Paramount Theatre in Brooklyn,
Vallee aNo discovered Frances Langford, one of the more successful popular singers on the air. And then there was Bob Burns who first trundled his bazooka and his homely philosophy to Valles's Hour.
BELOW the temperature of -459.4 Fahrenheit, all molecular mo-
Science has been able to approach within a fraction
NBC and CBC—Magic Key S p.m. CKAC—Howard
Hon ceases, of a degree of this point
••••••
NEXT: What type el voices do the most beautiful birds ha vet
6 p in., CBS
cheetra
Hayes starred in the Silver Thoar 8 p.m. NBC & CBC—Charlie McCarthy and the Chase and Sanborn Hour ..
• When a Girl Marries,” new ser-9 p.m., CBS and CBC—Cecil B. Do Milles Radio Theatre May 30, C p.m., CBC—His Majesty the King speaking from Victoria 10 p.m.. CBS—“Young Mr.
June 1,
******
******
tre
******
| Organ of Hearing
m
A GREEN OR BROWN WINDOW
BOX
Such a box overflowing with the gaily blooming flowers is within the range of almost every person. Lack of ground space does not matter. Even the lofty apartment dweller is able to satisfy a gardening ambition. Success is easily obtained provided two or three points are kept in mind. This sort of gardening is highly Intensive with many plants to the square foot than would be grown under ordinary conditions. This means that very rich soil should be used and, in addition, a fairly frequent application of chemical fertilizer during the season. Being exposed on all sides to drying winds, a thorough watering once a day of the window box is advised.
was
May 29, CBS—
• ••
ial
******
******
13 The internal ear is called
Answer fa Previous Puzzle
HORIZONTAL
< Organ o* nearing, pictured here.
4 Its drum ia called ------
10	To accomplish
11	Masculine pronoun.
12	Kiln.
13	Quantity.
14	Ancient 16 Devours.
18	Striped fabric. ]DjE|L
19	To slide.
20	Cravat
21	Wager.
22	Era.
23	To assist
24	Roof edges.
28 Broader.
30 Note in scale. 49 Scatters.
32	Iniquity.
33	Convent worker.
34	Transposed.
35	God of war. 58 Malicious
37 Queer.
39	Epoch.
40	Eon.
A
M
a n
B 0 OHB
the
L
BC.
LE
s Son and none
A
R
l •
******
-, , , __. 1Ai_ 15 Eating.
riGlOlTBPII QI- 17Divided.
CITISI 23 Female fowL
25	Like.
26	String instrument,
27	Finale. g1 29 One who
fights duels. 31.Silk worm.
34 Three.
. iri 36Stir.
38 Doctor.
41 Pertaining to 61 The external 39 Preposition.
ear is the 40 Type
standards.
62 The hammer 42 Excuse, of the ear.	44 Possesses.
VERTICAL	46 Perfect
50 Pronoun.	2 Clay house.	48 Land right
52 Indentation.	3 To revolve.	49 Prickly pear*
55	Paid publicity. 4 Plural of that. 51 Mooley applA,,
56	Crowd.	5	Color.	53 Before.
6 Italian river. 54 Male cat
55 God of sky#
57 Either.
60. You and L
E
O G

p rem le-e
Lincoln”
8 p.m., CBS—N. Y. Group Theatre on Kate Smith’s Hour NBC & CBC—Good News of 1939 10 p.m., NBC & CBC—Bing Crosby and Bob Burni jHHHHl
••••••••
other.
5. Through whom we received and upostleshlp, unto obefl-
N
E
PR
9 p.m.,
••••••
PC
E
grace
fence of faith among all the nations, for his name’s sake. The design of the apostleship was to bring all nations so to believe in Christ, the Son of God. that they should be entirely devoted to his service.
C. Among whom are ye also, called to be Jesus Christ’s: 7. to all-that are In Rome, beloved of God, called to be saints; Grace to you and peace from God our Father and
Lord Jesus Christ.
The apostle Paul now assumes a more personal tone, and addresses himself In an Intimate way to the Christians who made up thé holy
church at Rome.
Early Christian Faith
8. First, I thank my God through Jesus Christ for you all, that your , faith is proclaimed throughout the whole world. 9. For God is my witness, whom 1 serve in my spirit *u the gospel of his Son, how unceasingly I make mention of you, always in my prayers 10. making request. if by any means now at length I may be prospered by the will of God to come unto you. 11. For 1 long to see you, that I may Impart unto you some spiritual girt to the end ye may be established.
12.	that is, that 1 with you may be comforted in you, each of us by the other’s faith, both yours and mine.
13.	And 1 would not have you ignorant, brethren, that oftentimes I purposed to come unto you (and
hindered hitherto), that I may have some fruit in you also, even as in the rest of the Gentiles. The Christian faith in the early days% of Its propagation wa# carried by the apostles and their disciples first to the great cities of the Ko-Empire. From Rome lines of communication radiated to every place of importance in the entire known world. If a strong church could be established in this great city, the apostle knew that the heart of the empire would be later pumping the life-
mmmJ 111
VALTER
###**#
S F r IK
mere
••••••
E R
H
I
SE
AC ElR
AP
How Can I?
V
O
E
N
MS
MBDE
ADEE
8Y ANNE. ASHLEY
Y

COMING EVENTS
Gale Page and Jim Ameche replace Charles Boyer for 13 weeks the ‘Hollywood Playhouse” beginning July 2 ris, famous novelist, is writing the scripts for Phillips H. Lord s new series, ‘ Women in Love,” which begins on June 6 temporarily leaves the Contented Hour ou May 28 for a vacation in New York and Europe.
Heidi’s new NBC show begins on
Q.—How can 1 induce sleep?
A.—Try eating a thin slice of bread and butter with a little cayenne pepper sprinkled on it. Have plenty of fresh air in the room, and make a genuine effort to relax every muscle of the bogy.
Q—How can I clean linen shades?
a nidus.
43 To decay.
45 Boundary.
47 Hodgepodge.
on
Kathleen Nor-
IN USING FERTILIZER Care should be taken in the use of any commercial fertilizer that It does not actually touch roots or foliage. In the dry state it is liable to burn. Authorities usually play safe and diecolve the fertilizer in water before applying.
Marek Weber

Horace
They should be laid flat over a table and washed with warm suds and a sponge. Wipe off with clear, clean water; then hang unrolled until dry.
Q.—How can I prevent meringue from falling?
A.—Meringue will fall if the oven is too hot. To be successful when making it, have a very moderate oven.
Q—How can I remove scratchee from wood that have been made by striking matches?
A.—First rub the marks with a cut lemon, and then with a damp cloth and a little whiting. Rinse and polish with a soft cloth.
Q.—How can I mafce a good padding for the Ironing board?
A—An old discarded blanket tacked securely to the Ironing board, then covered with a piece of unbleached muslin, makes an excellent ironing surface.
••••••
7	Hail!
8	Tidier.
9	Up to.
burning. 59 Barley spikelet
A.
J1111C u
Broadcasting world premieres of films continues popular. The
Ma!
4
new
latest to be treated thus U Young Mr. Lincoln” starring Henry Fonda. The opening will be described the air on May 30 at 10 p.m.
t
¦¦.
2
I got my name in the
u
10
I
paper :
Only Newspapers bring the
news of vital interest to you
Headlines may scream of death and disaster without causing to raise an eyebrow. But if
gets his name in the paper— that’s real news!
It isn’t by accident that this
many stories
3
over —g—apfPHf from Springfield, 111. where the hero born. Marlon Anderson will

Vi
Wk
9
was
sing and Lowell Thomas speak.

will
2
I
you
your

TO BE HEARD:—May 26, 2 p.m., CBS and CBC—“Life and Love of
Doctor Susan” cille Manners and Ross Graham in
concert ..
Welles riayHHHIHHi^H CBC at 10 p.m—Arch Oholer play 10.30 CBC—Description of
son
. 8 p.m. NBC—Lu-
I
• • • •
paper prints so I which vitally interest you and your neighbors. News of remote places is stated briefly and interpreted. Local news is covered fully, because all good editors know that the news which interests the readers most is news about themselves.
Now is a good time to learn more about this newspaper which is made especially for you. Just for fun ask yourself this question: How could we get along without newspapers?
. 9 p.m. CBS—Orson May 27, NBC, and
was

I
••••••
Rome never knew of a power that would deliver men from death into the glory of the resurrection. This is what Paul longed to bring to this great metropolis, a gospel which was the very power of God to save men from ein.
to dust: but until the gospel came
man
'‘Character-building must be made to fit the day of the automobile and the radio.”—Alfred M. Land cm.
KNOW YOUR NEWSPAPER
very
sooner or blood of the gospel into the veins
x>f the whole body of Roman civil!-
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS
aation.
debtor both to Greeks
14.	I am ¦ ¦ ¦ mM jj
and to Barbarians, both to the wise
and to the foolish.
15.	So, as much as in me is. I am ready to preach the gospel to you
also that are in Rome.
A Message For Rome
16.	For 1 am not ashamed of the gospel; for It is the power of God unto salvation to every one that be jleveth; to the Jew first, and also io the Greek. 17. For therein Is revealed a righteousness of God from faith unto faith; as it is written. But the righteous shall live by the faith. Rome knew the power of
to enslave men, buLuntil
W
I WONDER IF HEIFETZ CAN REALLY PLAY BETTER^ THIS
WHY DIDNTCHA
+ TELL
; ME PINHEAD WAS
' practicin'/for the
LAST FIFTEEN MIN ITS IVE.BEEN Ol LIN' THE CATE !


(i



/

V.
£
\
5T
t
« I
>>
tâte

4

/
X
IL.
<<
à.
(((
5f

a
*
>
WSs.
i
<4

mm
O




z
I
«e
r


jileasure
the gospel came she never knew of
that would set men free
>
%
<
a power
from sin. Rome knew the power of death which brought even the very greatest men down to a grave and
dS
V-7
A#
w &
###PAGE###4###
4»
1
It
Experiments With Pasteurised Milk
Dr McCullough of the Department of Health writes ;
There is a disposition among the opponents of the pasteurization of milk to assert without proof that pasteurized milk has lees nutritive prop##**# than the
Pasteurized milk has lost none of its nutritive qualities in the process. Th has time and again been shown by experiments in Great Britain, l nited States and Canada.
The third rep >rt on this subject from the National Institute for Research in dairying at Heading supplements the proof of previous ones. The former reports from the Institute all were to the effect that not only was pasteurized milk quite equal in nutritive qualities to raw milk, but also that calves fed on the former thrived better. Invariable in every experiment, some of the calves fed on raw milk develojted tuberculosis and died.
THE EQUITY
X
HODGINS
GARAGE
DISCOVERED
\
\
SHAWVILLE, JUNE 1st, 1939
V
\
V
X
X
Urges Expansion oi Post Office Bank
X
How to Avoid Losses from
x
>
\
This is a delusion
\l
Extension of the Post Olfice savings bank service to communities I eking ordinary banking service was seriously urged Thursday night by Joseph Need-barn (S. C., The Battlefurds) during debate on Post Office estimates.
The chartered banks had withdrawn from hundreds of places in the last few years, offering a real opportunity to the Post Office bank, he submitted.
He voiced regret that this particular
little known by the
V
Buick, Oidsmobile, Service
is
COCCIDIOSIS
\
Chevrolet,
Sales
x
x
<
\
X
\
X
X
V
X
Announcing
C'Ka'Gene
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
service was so public.
X
x
Drive à Better Car
This Summer
A New Compound That Helps Poultrymen
Avoid Heavy Losses From
\
X
U. S. Submarine Disaster One of the Worst in History
X
Bloody Coccldlosls
Portsmouth, N. H , May 25.— The United States navy completed early today a major epic of the sea—the perdions rescue of 33 men trapped since Tuesday on the ocean Hoot aboard the submarine Squalis—and the sunken craft was left peopled only by its 26 dead.
Under the giant searchlights of a fleet ot mercy vessels, a rescue chamber bearing the last eight men finally was brought to the surface at 12 20 a.m. E.D.T., but only after an escape from near-tragedy.	HHHflHB
X
X
X
The most common and deadly form of poultry coccldlosls is probably the greatest single source of mortality atnoung growing stock. In some sections it is estimated coccidiosn kills nearly fifty per cent, of the chicks started. All "cures" and •‘preventives" have failed to stop huge losses, buttermilk or Epsom salts,... .spraying the litter with costly
litter sprays...have possibly helped some. However, poultry»
men have continued to lose their birds.
Entirely New Methed Discovered
But in recent years certain scientists and institutions, |: investigating along new and different lines, have made startling and encouraging discoveries
Pratt laboratory workers have completed and perfected this work into a new scientific compound that positively helps poultrymen avoid heavy losses.
This new product is called Pratts C Ka Gene
“Coffee Shop" Clearing
Plan Used-in the 1600s
The earliest ancestor of the clearing house was the crude “coffee shop" clearing system used during the 1600s by London banks. From each of the London banks, employees known as “walk clerks" would start on a tour of all other banks every day with bundles of checks drawn upon each. At each bank the clerks would deposit the checks drawn there and collect cash.
X
Look These Models Over
X
V
X
X
X
'
1938 Chevrolet Special Sedan, with trunk 1937 Chevrolet Standard Coach 1937 Pontiac Special Sedan, with trunk 1935 Ford V-8 Sedan, with trunk 1931 Pontiac Coupe, with rumble seat.
Flushing with
V
X
\
<
X
V
Quebec to Build New Mine Roads
I
One day two clerks from different

sue
ow%	bank executives, discovering this,
became interested. Thus was the original London clearing house begun.
On October 11, 1853, representatives of 52 New York banks met in a basement at 14 Wall street to settle claims against their institutions at a central clearing house for the first time. Clearings for that first day were less than $23,000,000 and balances were less than $1,300,000. By contrast, it may be noted that a single check for $146,000,000 went through the New York bearing house in 1925 and that clearings for 1929 totaled $457,000,000,000.
X

The best car value
\
is a good used car
Works by * New Principle
Pratts C Km Gene is neither a “cure ’ nor a "preventive"! It attacks coccidiosis by a new and totally different principle.
principle is mummed up in one word "IMMUNITY ’ meaning "permanently protected from ‘coccidiosis... The secret of establishing immunity lies not in preventing coccidiosis but rather in allowing a very light attack. Few, if any, deaths occur and the attack is so unnoticed chick» continue to make splendid gains.
J. L. HODGIN8
Phone 64*J.
During 1938, the expenditure for mine roads was $375,000 made up by the two Governments in the same proportions.
The program of mine-road construction, in the past three years has gone a long way towards improving economic conditions of the mines, as it is absolutely necessary to them to have satisfactory and low cost transportation. Since 1936, there have been more than 285 miles of mine-roads built in the Province of Quebec.
This new
c
rA
XV X'XiX XlXi/tX*/'X,/.XlX|X!X|X;XlX|XI/'/)X*XlX|X|/l/iXlX|XlX-XVlXV WiXiXiX XIX X X XV X ? X X X
When this harmless attack subsides, the chicks have established a natural and specific “immunity** to blood coccidiosis that protects them from the disease thereafter.
Saves Labor, Money and Chicks
This new method makes all other so called “cures’* and 4 preventives" unnecessary.
There's no expensive flushing or spraying of the litter. Much litter is saved because droppings are more normal and dry. Less labor is required.
DALE’S TINSHOP
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Foothill Tribes Proud to Acclaim Their Majesties
Calgary, May 26.—Two thousand Indian braves and squaws danced and whooped around an old lithograph picture of Queen Victoria today and their colorful tee|>ee encampment echoed the wild welcome to the great-grandson of the “White Mother” and his beautiful Queen.
The tom toms throbbed. Riders of the Black foot. Blood, Teigau, Sarcee and Stony Tribes dashed their horses in mad disorder as Kihg George and Queen Elizabeth stopped to acknowledge the greeting of the Indian child-
BEATTY PUMPS
You Save Chicks ! You Save Money I
Largest, Heaviest Fruit
Is Found on Two Islands
Eades* Eggslent Mashes now contain this new Ingredient at a slight additional cost.
*1
We carry a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.
Let us know your requirements .and we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
The coco-de-mer is to be found on only two islands in the world, Pras-lin island and Curieuse island, in the Seychelles (Indian ocean). Portuguese adventurers of the Fifteenth century were the first to dis cover the nut, floating on the sea hundreds of miles from land. The fact that it was a “double" nut, different from the ordinary coconut with which the sailors were already familiar, suggested that it was something new, according to a writer in London Tit-Bits Magazine.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REÇU
The

casting the bait at the rate of 15 - 20 lb. per aere a few nights before transplanting. One application should be suffi and cient but if the cutworms are numerit! the ous, S second application should be
ren.
Cutworm Control in Eastern Canada
Duck Chief, 75-year-old son of Running Rabbit, aignator of the 1877 treaty that made Canadian Indians wards of Queen Victoria, give His Majesty a message that Foothills’ tribes were proud to see the “Great White Father” from across the waters.
White Head Chief, medicine man of the Black foot tribe, Chief Shot on both	. . ,	.	,
Hides of the Bloods, Yellow Horn of the Portuguese sought or its home;
Peigans, David Bearspaw of the Stonies ^ut u was not ""til 1/89 that white and Dave Crow Child of the Sarcees men first set eyes on the lovely fan grunted agreement	palms which bear the fruit The
Two children of the tribes, “Holy «"I specimens winch reached Eng-
Spring" a boy, and “First Snake;” a >and were sold tor aP!ace- and girl, excitedly presented a beaded for ™an-v >;ears afterwards £100
medicine bag to the Queen.	was the usual Pnce'
Their Majesties took great delight in the beaded beauty of the Indian regalia, the coloring of the ?0 foot wigwams.
Cutworms are usually active
fteding before most crops	...
ground Hence it is important to be . made two or three days after the first.
prepared for their attack at	the begin-	! Always spread bait in the evening	just
nine of the season, states	Allan C.	before dusk, and if possible,	choose	a
[install Entomological Division, Do-, warm still night for this work minion Department of Agriculture, in If the outbreak is unexpected and eharge of vegetable insect investigations, the [liants are aiready in the field, the Bran bait has given most effective con- bait should be applied around the base trol for many years in Ontario, Quebec, of each plant, using about half a tea and the Maritime piovinces. x The bait spoonful per plant. Should one appii-is made up of bran, Ï0 lbs.; Paris green cation not kill all the cutworms, a I A lb molasses I quart ; water, about second treatment should be applied . g.t||lin,_	two or three nights later.
In making the bait, the dry ingie-
dients should dirst be mixed thoroughly;
then stir the molasses into	the water,	Deaths and Marriages
and add them to the bran	and Baris	Lower Last Month
green. Ill mixing the bait add only
enough water to make the mixture the. Deaths and marriages were lower in consistency of wet saw dust. Do not (jiin;UjA ]rt8t month compared with make it sloppy but have it so, that it	1938, while births were higher,
will crumble easily and slip through the lhe Dominion Bureau of Statistics re
fingers.	. .	, . porta. Deaths totalled 4,401 against
Land that was heavily infested last	ao,i marriages 2,931 compared
year should be treated before the plants wilh 2 933 whi|e birth9 jumped to
This is done by broad-
are
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, HUE.
A foot long, of a black-brown color, the coco-de-mer is the largest and heaviest fruit in the world—and the

ESTABLISHED 1883
The reason? These nuts, which hang in clusters of three to six, take seven years to ripen, and weigh often as much as 50 pounds, were supposed to be the forbidden fruit of the Garden of Eden and to have medicinal virtues. Indian princes pay big prices for the nuts, which they take as medicine, believing them to be a remedy for senility.
INVALID
COACH
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Quebec Mining Industry
The annual reporta of the Quebec bureau of Mines have been published up to the present time, in several parts : the first which contained a general review of the mineral industry and statistics of the previous year, constituted part A. The sections B, C, D, and E consisted of volumes cerabiniog several geological reports with accompanying
* Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
Phone 80
are set out.
7,375 from 6,813.
Sheriff Sales
I
(
'
i
3
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given that the undermentioned LANDS and TENEMENTS have been seized, and will be sold at the respective times and places mentioned below.
Superior Court—Pontiac



tztz
maps.
Beginning with W37 the Bureau of Mines has adopted a new metlmd of publication An annual report will be published in one volume entitled “Mining Industry and .Statistics. A new series of publications designated “Geological Report*,” each with a serial number, will be issued separately, with accompanying maps, presenting the field work of the geological staff. This series will also include any special reports on mineral resources, metallurgy, laboratory work and allied subjects.
The 1937 annual report has been pub lished by this new method ; its distribution commenced a short while ago. Those who aie interested in mines will find in it all the information they desire on the mineral industry in the pro vince including all production figures of each minerai and a complete analysis of the exploitation work of metals, indus il n ala and construction material A review of the mining industry in Western Quebec, showing the amount of work dene at each mine or important 1
Abitibi and Nortl
COD$t I
X
Everything For
The Builder
\
X
\
\
X
Beattie’s Eye Service
m
\
\
4
\
X
X

Canada
Province of Quebec District of Pontiac No. 47*4
Edward R McColoan, gentleman, of the village of Qnyon, district of Pontiac, plaintiff ; vs Arthur R Smiley. of the Township of Onslow, district of Pontiac, defendant All that property known and designated according to the official plan and book of reference for the Township of Onslow, as lot number four “A” (4 “A”) on the fourth (4th) rangj, of said town'! ship, containing one hundred acres of land superfine*, more or less, with all !
XÜNHÉ*
x
\
x
X
X
t-«
\
X
Thirty.five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa. '
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
Estimates Given on all Types of Buildings
hÆbÉKM 7*	* H v %
Molding, H
*
X
X
Doors,
Ten - Test
Sash,
X
X

V

Deleo Plants
Johnston Motors,
Prompt Delivery Let us give you quotations
Scientific Eye Examinations
t
thereon erected.	'
To be mold at the Registrar'* Office, j for the county of Pontiac, in the village |
IPs
. lone thousand nine hundred and thirty I nine, at TKN of the clock in the fore Standard time.
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects

SMITH BROS.
.ay, on WEDNESDAY, EIGHTH day of Jl
NE
development, in Temmcamingue, ing section of this v« is terminated hy a h.-t
and mine*
k
1 I
Contractors & Builders CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
i ii tarifât
in
i
Th

111
KATHLEEN M.ROLUN3
Profession*I Opt
T.T. BEATTIE, £ Professional Optometrist



CHARLES BELKC
md
companies,
< in tl AH publient
fjiisrry
e	¦ LJ
Phone 26
f o

xi
8 I
VIII
ID
II 1
t t

»»>
May 23
Qac, a lion, May



PO

1
m
ft

t • - • •

i i
[First,
*9J
to, 1
V I

Lit
< >
• »
I ¦
-
—- *

###PAGE###5###
>
Service Announcement
Shawvillk Ukitkd Church Rev A. F. Fokks B. A, B.D Piâtor
Sumlay, June 4
Il 00a. n».— Service at Shawville.
^1.001> in—Service at Zion a00 p. m.—Service at Stark’* Corners 7.30 p. ro —Service at Shawville
The Equity
PRINTING
1
v. Betsbll
PtrBLIIlHKD KVKRY THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
i
tr
annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada .
To United States..
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically âll your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
Successor to G. F Hodgins Go. Limited
, . $1 50
.... 2.00
Bristol United Church
C. ARMSTRONG SALES, B. D
must be paid In full
Is discontinued

All arrears before any paper
Sunday, June 4
8t. Andrew’s Sunday School, 10.00 a. m
Knox Austin
Color in Smart Footwear For Summer 1939
W. 0.COWAN, PUBLISHER
Service
11.00 a.m
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices,
Statements,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
Service Service j Sunday School
Sermon Subject '‘Fence the top of
.the Precipice’
2 30 p m. 7.30 p.m. 10.30 a.m.
Roy 6. fraser
Nov«ltli^p|
RENFREW, ONT.
Phone ieo
Gifu.
Flswers,
ANGLICAN St. Paul’s
Sunday, June 4
8 00 a m.—Holy Communion
10.00	a. m.— Sunday School. |
11.00	a m.—Holy Communion
7.30	p m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s
1.00	p.m—Sunday School
1.30	p.m —Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
t 30 p.m.—Sunday School
3.00	p.m —Evening Prayer
Ladies White Sport Oxfords and Sandals
j
Starring value and style in a breezy new version of Summer time Classic
Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our
vite your patronage orders of #100 or over, phone
$5.00 or over,phone ua collect and we shall prepay.
business. We in
On
The Sandal for Women and Growing Girls
Fancy cut-outs in white, rust and black
On orders of
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
Parish of North Clarendon Mr. A. C. Lawrence, Lay Reader
10.30—Oreermount, Morning Prayer 2.30—Thorne Centre, Evening Prayer
Ladies White and Sand Crepe Sole Oxfords
Mens Sturdy Camp Shoes Boys and Youths Camp Shots
7 #
RhoBe anytime betw
and 11 IP S**
Washington a Horseman i
Liked Attractive Teams
Shawville Bakery
Womens Tennis * Shoes in white ami brown
Misses Boys
Childrens
"He (Washington) was so attentive as to give me the horse the day of my arrival, which I had highly commended. I found the horse to be as good as he was handsome, but above all, perfectly well broke and well trained . . . It is the General himself who breaks all his own horses; and he is a very excellent and bold horseman, leaping the highest fences and going extremely quick without standing upon his stirrups, bearing on the bridle, or letting his horse run wild."
So runs part of the minute account of the Marquis de Castellux, one of the French generals who aided our country in Revolutionary days, in his memoirs as to the horsemanship of Washington, writes Norman C. Schlichter In Our Dumb Animals.
It is not hard to believe that Washington was a riding master with few equals when we recall his many early years of training in riding horseback through the vast wilderness land of his youthful period.
Reductions on
Memorials
# 4
Anniversary and Wedding Cakes A Speciality

in
Marble and Granite
Style and Comfort for Women
Dr. Clicks Shoe in widths e-ee and eee
t
It is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory loved one.
Phone 89
of a
Mens White Buck Oxford, heavy cup sole
leather sole
crep sole, barge style
We believe that our year,
io the manu
H. 1. HOBBS, Prop.

of experience facture of memorial*, enables
suitable
n-1
• •
*#
|H to produce a memorial at all prices.
us
« •

order
placed between now and May 1st, a discount of 10 per cent.
We ufler on any
$2.25 and up
Mens Heavy Work Boots
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
• ••
Shawville
Marble & Granite Works Main Street, Shawville, Que.
Think of one wilderness ride, with his nephew. Bushrod Washington, of )80 miles, and of 34 days in the saddle! There was nothing Washington didn’t know about the hardships of travel on horseback.
During his presidency Washington's horses were the talk of the-
torses were awaited with the greatest eagerness everywhere.
“The night before they were used," Gen. William H. Carter tells js, “they werè covered with a paste yf which whiting was the principal ngredient; then they were swathed in body clothes and bedded with
mÊ^^^ÈfÊÊÊtÊlÊtlÊÊÊt0ÊÊÊIItÊÊ
when the paste had dried it was well rubbed and brushed and gave the horses a glossy and satin-like
Even their hoofs were
Mens Dressy Oxfords, black $2.95 to $5.25
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
Old Mans Dongola Kid Bals, ee width About the most comfortable boot, you could find for
tired, tender feet..
His coach teams of white
O *ui e*1J cu*t
«
$3.75
Phone, 278
mm/m
Jlefte!
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
The next morning
£
No writing. No money orders. , No bother. Just call or ptooe. 100% live delivery guerenteed.
G. HAROLD BOULTON Bristel Egg * Poultry Aneoletiw
BRISTOL, OUB
appearance polished and their mouths were
washed.”
MacLean’s
Successor to G. F. Hodgins Go, Limited
RED & WHITE STORE
Bering Strait Thought Way
Indians Reached America
It is possible to walk between North America and Asia.
The authenticated fact that one man actually has crossed the 54-mile-w'de Bering strait on foot within the last 25 years throws new tight on the long-debated problem jf- how the original inhabitants of the New World, the ancestors of the American Indians, arrived here, according to John P. Harrington, Smithsonian Institution ethnologist, who confirmed the accomplishment, Smithsonian Institution Bui-
# I
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
l
Kansas and Arkansask
(owa is pronounced eye-o-woh. with accent on first syllable. Arkansas, used as the name of the state, river and city in Arkansas, is pronounced ar-kan-saw, with çjriof accent on first syllable. The name of Arkansas City, Kan., is pro tounced ar-kan-zas, with accent on second syllable. Au Sable is pronounced o-say-bl, with apeent on Msay.” G. E. Shankles book on state names says that the similarity of the sound of the word “Kansas" with the syllable “arc" prefixed, and of the word “Arkansas/' Éa probably accidental, and the
Th„ .am. Reliable	S
Wilson's Garage-
WÊÊI^ÊlÊIÊÊÊÊtÊÊÊÊÈÊÊKÊÊÉBUmnMÊ

Ten Gent Table
$2.39 per cwt
Full-O-Pep Egg Mash
Sales & Service
MAIN STREET
SHAWVILLE, QUE
Shell Sealed Gaa fj and Oils
General Repairs
2.95
Turkey Starter,
Chick Started,
Growing Mash,
Starter & Crowing Mash 2.39
2.55
Containing several favourite remedies, Creams, Tooth Paste, Soaps, £• T oilet Articles,
2.35
Cold
says a
That the Indians came originally from Asia is generally admitted. How they got here has been a much more difficult question to answer. The strait is never completely
There has remained
2.10
Developing Mash Scratch Grain, fine 1.79
etc
coarse 1.69
Calf Meal 24 lb. bag .79 cents
frpzan MUKWIPIPil the possibility of crossing in open
boats during the summer, a perilous
ng. But some of the early
Dr. Harrington says,
came on foot, regardless
in ice and long stretches
very Article a
fieal Bargain
ere
h
ar,.
u
forms of
That there were two groups of Indians, the Kansa and the Akansa, with similar sounding names, is a!h! by Marquette's mention of I this In 1673. According to various ties, the name Arkansas MM Gallicized form of the Indian name Qua paw. and appears in over 70
Phone 40
"Arkansas’ ’
IF the
of open water
BwffiSBBÊÊÊÊM
t says, it is reason an that Indians could lu. the closing days of the when, it is pass; ¦ thicker thah it is today
Seed Corn
Pride of Niehna, Learning, Golden Olo*, Bailey, Sweepstake and Longfellow
Fur Pelts Wanted
THE CORNER STORE
an coold do it in 1913 le to suppos< e d
Spring Muskrat Skins Wanted High? ioea paid.
NORRIS R HORNER
' Licensed fur Dealer Shawville Que
he
one it m i I f- age
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main end Centre Sts SHAWVILLE.
is a
icc wa
Phase 43
QUE.
variations
###PAGE###6###


PVT

Si"

i
Must Stand Tall
For Good Posture
DELICIOUS REFRESHING
It wes Kelly wlw l»wed Uie
Orange Pekoe Blend
sandwich. The colossus thrust am# of the guns into his coat pocket, pounced upon the viand and wolfed it at a gulp. Then he wiped his mouth with the hack of hie hand. '
“Got any more ?" he inquired.
“Sorry," said Kelly, who td to have recovered her poise in miraculous fashion. “There's a tot of milk, though, for mamma’s little boy " i
Joe glanced at her admiringly out of the corner of one eye. What presence of mind! What nerve! Generally speaking, what a woman Î .	.


Poor Poeture I» Responsible For A Greet Many Ills
H
floodtoofcf

À
Digestive disturbances, constipation, strain and nervousness may be caused by poor poeture, Dr. Edwsrd S. Godfrey, Jr., New York State Health Commissioner, mays
“Most posture defects creep up on us slowly without notice/' 0?» Godfrey said, ^curvsturè of the spine, round shoulders, protruding stomach, bulging diaphragm and rear protuberance, strangely enough induce other and worse ille which we little suspect. Faith in yourself, courage and self-respect may bp crested through good posture by sitting and standing erect so as to get the fullest amount of oxygen into your lungs."
Five Points To Remember
Dr. Godfrey recommended five “tall" points to help the individual improve his posture. They were: Stand tall fdraw in abdomen pulling it upward and backward) ; walk tall, sit tall, and straight; think tall (imagine your back from head to heels touching a wall), and rest tall, stretched out.
à


>


to
with gentle palmollve soap, to help cleanse, smooth and youthify your skin. And It you adopt the ' six minute make-up", using Three Purpose cream, It will solve your make up problem.
You simply cannot neglect your hands; they need extra attention. Rub them at odd moments with Italian balm to help keep them smooth and white. Here Is a point should not overlook, either;
lotion into your el-
HOLDUP HONEYMOON
ne


' y. f
BY EDWIN RUTT Copyright 1936.NEA Service Inc.


“But I
“You spoke," said Joe. doubt if the bird geta clear. According to the barber, who is a veritable gold mine of information, he’s just about two jumps ahead of the state troopers. They found his car abandoned with a flat tire and they think he’s taken to the tall timbers. Excitement, ch, what?"
“Plenty. Wç may hear the bloodhounds baying any minute But, listen here, Josephus.
I’ve a date in
away .. —————NI
liter the bottle of milk was just
a bottle, nothing more. The gun-minded man tossed it away.
“Ha!" he said, with satisfaction. “I feel better. I ain’t et since
CAST OF CHARACTERS
hero; he
JOSEPH SANDHAM
thought he was on top of the world until he smacked into
KELLY ARCHER — heroine; she thought she was headed for the altar until she smacked into ED, the WEASEL — gangster; he thought he was headed somewhere, too, but affairs somehow got mixed up.
Yesterday: Immediately Joe lays down the ultimatum that Kelly is
Eating, he com* “This guy Gilbert would
En/oy the genuine peppermint flavor of
DOUBLEMINT OUMI
Get some todeiyl
dis momin’."
Joe thought it was time that he got in a word. He tried agsin along the same lines.
“Who arc you?" he demanded.
The behemoth reached in his vest pocket, brought forth a quill toothpick and set to work on the left upper molars in the back of the house.
“Me?" he said, looking at Joe sternly. Evidently he wished to get things straight.
“You," confirmed Joe.
An expression of pride seemed to cross the weak blue eyes of the behemoth.
“I'm Ed the Weasel," he announced.
Then it was that any lingering doubts as to the true worth of Miss Kelly Archer passed from Joe SandhanVs mind forever.
“Why, how nice," said Kelly. “We’re all in the animal kingdom together. I’m Kelly the Kangaroo and this gentleman is Joe the Jaguar. Welcome to our city.
Ed the Weasel peered at
suspiciously.
“Hey," he said at last, got time to stand here ribbin’ wid
He brandished his gun.
Hoods and Snoods To Match Sweaters
now.
Step on it a little, the distant city of Boston."
The road was good and practically devoid of traffic. Despite its external injuries, the Ford purred along like an outsize in contented cats. An hour passed. Then Kelly came out of a
you
pat cream or bows. It takes the roughness away, aud you'll appreciate this when you 3 wearing a sleeveless dress.
Two other little duties that add so much to feminine charm—clean teeth morning and night, and
to marry him.
shape with a spoon. Bake In a moderate oven until lightly browned. Fill with seasoned peas — canned ones wilt do, If out of green pea season.	y
ment»,
have lived high if 1 hadn’t come
We’ve had parkas, babushkas and bonnets to match ski jackets and sweaters so why not open mesh headgear to go with cardigans and pullovers for spring and summer? One New York shop puts a mesh hood on a V-neck cardigan and a ribbed pullover, while another has just introduced the snood to match the sweater. A crocheted mesh scarf that can al-be twisted about the head into a turban is another idea for summer. The fishnet turban dyed to match cotton sweaters promises to be a big favorite.
along.”
are
CHAPTER III
“Conceited thing,” said Kelly. “Your coming has nothing what-to do with Gilbert or how
high he’ll live. More cream?”
And it isn’t a question
of conceit. Pm a stickler for facts, that’s all. And I repeat ...” “Skip it,” said Kelly. “How docs
your head feel?”
“1 haven’t known I had a head
for the last half hour.”
“In that case.” Kelly said, “we’re starting for Boston right after breakfast.” She stopped and regarded him. “Anything against shaving? You look like a
neglected grave.”
“My razor was out in the car, mumbled Joe, through the last of
“I’ll get a shave in the
after meals, and look to your
Two.ppMPH . BIBUmil
doze to announce: “We’re stopping for lunch soon. Pull off on the first side road, Joseph. I crave to eat in some blade or dell. It’s
the poetess in me."
He looked at her in surprise. “Eat? What arc we going to eat, Chandler & Sandham’a Assorted Jelly Beans?”
“Fool,” said Kelly. “Would I suggest lunch unless there was food? While you were getting shaved I bought some sandwiches and two quarts of milk, practically gormandize.”
“Whoops,” said Joe, and aimed the Ford at a lane that ran off f^om the main road.
Kelly found a glade in no time, sat with their backs against the same tree and began consuming the sandwiches and milk. Then, as the sandwiches diminished, it developed that Kelly had brought an extra one for Joe. The discovery smote his sense of justice.
“Nothing doing,” he said vehemently, lion. I 'even Stephen/ be on a share-ai.d-share basis ...
“Were Not Married”
“Shut up.” interrupted Kelly. “We’re not married. Eat the sand-
ROYAL PIE
nails.
This schedule Is for a fairly normal woman and doesn't cover cases which require special treatment. You can write for my confidential advice In your personal beauty problems. And detailed leaflets on the following subjects are available for 3c stamp each:
Hair, Hands, Bust, Feet, Superflull a 1 r, Underweight, Reducing
In Spots, Slimming.
Please write direct to: Miss Barbara Lynn. 73 West Adelaide St.. Room 421, Toronto, Ont.
% cup sugar.
M cup flour.
% teaspoon baking powder.
6 egg whites.
5 egg yolks.
Beat the egg yolks and add tea sugar, mix smoothly. Then add the flour mixed with baking powder. Fold In the stiffly beaten egg whites, stirring as lightly as possible. Rub two cake pans (round, nine inch) with shortening, dust with flour, pour the mixture into these. Moderate oven Is needed and time for baking twenty minutes.
ever
“Sure.
so
Face, Eyes,
ous
her
We can
Household
Science
“I ain’t
FILLING
To make the filling use one cup milk, one egg yolk, one-fourth cup sugar, one tablespoon flour, two teaspoons vanilla, one cup butter and one-half cup sugar additional Cook the egg yolk, milk and one-fourth sugar, which has been mixed well together with the flour, using the egg beater to mix thoroughly. Cook in double boiler, stirring constantly until It thickens. Let it cool, add vanilla. Then cream the butter and remaining sugar together, and stir in the cooked filling a little at a time. Mix smoothly. And spread between layers, whipped cream sprinkled with red and blue sugar crystals.
Sadie B. Chambers
youse.”
“Git up.”	JBHH
It was clear that he meant
Kelly and Joe trot up.
(To Be Continued)
New Cottons Are Bright as Awning
the eggs, first town.”
“All right,” said Kelly, while you’re doing that, I'll wire Gilbert to meet us at the Copley-Plaza. I should have telegraphed him earlier, but I haven’t had the time.”
“Too busy nursing grinned.
“Yes, unfortunately.”
He spread his hands. “Well, there you have it. You can’t go against Fate. Directly you met I made you forget all about
likely-looking
They got out,
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
“And
business
A ROYAL DINNER As everything and everybody tends to have a "Royal" air this month, why not our menu? when Canadians In general are having their first opportunity to express their own loyalty and devotion to the King and Queen let us celebrate with a dinner In their
Blossom Forth Stimulating Coland Pattern; Interesting
in Texture.
Now
New Brassiere Slip
or
# e e
Ruffled Petticoat
me?” Joe
Cottons are blossoming forth in florid beauty, responding like the silks to the demand for color which is so strong this year. They come tu brilliant stripes, as bold as awn-
i skirts and beach Patterned in dainty
«3*
“Life is a 50-50 proposi-There is such a thing as
Marriage should

honour.
1 have chosen roast lamb for the meat course for In spite of the fact that we think of roast beef and of
synonymously.

m
ings for gypsy
play togs, flowers they breathe of the romantic South. Bright with checks they recall the sophistication of woolens. In plaids they flash the brilliant colorings for many years associated with ginghams.
For some time past cottons have been knocking at the door; gradually they have been Inching their into summer popularity. This they are being definitely in-
me,
1
Gilbert.”	_ 4
“Yop,” said JOelly, “are fast
establishing a new all-time record
for self-confidence.
coffee.”
Top with
§
English dinners those of you who have visited in the Motherland will remember a frequent serving of lamb, does seem somehow to be more suited to spring appetites for a special dinner.
ss

wich.”
“I flatly refuse. Unless you 11
cat half of it.”	,	.
“I will not eat half of it. You’re
bigger than I am.
more.”	.
Joe grabbed the sandwich, a
thing of ham and pickles.
• “Never shall it be said,' ’he proclaimed, “that Joseph Herendeen Sandham outeats his women. Since have arrived at an impasse, will toss this sandwich to the beasts of the field and the birds of prey. We will ...” And right there Mr. Joseph Herendeen Sandham stopped talking, very, very suddenly.
“Save that sangwidge,” manded a rasping voice from behind a bystanding thicket, “fer me.”
Finish your
SW
Lamb

I

Boston or Bust
The sun fell on Connecticut stars are wont to fall on


A
You need

9
Li-
even as
Alabama. The result was a honey of a day, very grpen-and-gold, very warm. Kelly came out of the house carrying a suitcase.
“I had the presence of mind to get this out of my own car last night,” she said. “What I laughingly call my trousseau is in it.”
Joe took the suitcase and parked it in the back of the Ford
among	.
“What about your car? he inquired.	.	.
She waved her hand. “I asked
Simmons to see to it. He will. He’s very reliable.”
“Okay,” said Joe.
Boston or bust.”	HI
They stopped in a village a mile from Tyler Archer’s house. Their paths diverged, temporarily. Joe sought a barber shop, Kelly the
When Joe got
was


F
DINNER MENU
Pineapple Juice Cocktail topped
with cherry
m

f
A
wgHSS
way
.. BHHjHHPmPHW
vited M take their place <n the social whirl. They will be graciously received at luncheons; they will be belles at balls and—no question about It—they will be frequent visitors at the World's Fair.
It is nil very simple to explain— the cottons are particularly beautiful; they are stimulating in color, entertaining in pattern and interesting in texture. They inspire designers to take them in hand and fashion them into styles worthy of distinguished recognition.
" XV

Mint Sauce
Roast Lamb Potato Nests filled with Green
Pe%s
Royal Pie topped with whipped cream sprinkled with red and
blue crystals Beverage of Choice The table decorations can be carried out according to your individual tastes, either in flowers, flags crepe paper, or as a combination. Then commencing with your ctvVitail, the red cherry starts you off on your colour scheme. On the serving plate of your cocktail drop a few small blue flowers. I am sure will find some if you search
L
7/

/
we
H

we
'/

the confections.

!

If
I
\
i

I
com-
I
FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
or
2827
A
“Hop in
M.I
Something In The Shrubbery
If people can jump a foot in the
air from sitting positions, Kelly
Their heads
7.
SIZES 12-4
/
y M
and Joe jumped it. went, up simultaneously. Then it v;i_, that they perceived that which would have given pause to Attila the Hun.
Half-hidden by the thicket stood an individual with elephantine shoulders and a jaw like the facade of the Chrysler Building. The jaw and the granite chin that seemed to go free with it were a tasteful shade of blue. And two grappling-hook hands, thrust out of the foliage, trained twin automatics upon Kelly Archer and Joseph Sandham. The automatics gleamed wickedly in the noonday light.
As Kelly and Joe stared aghast the presence came all the way out
The full effect
%
Ginghams Make
Tailored Suits

you
in your garden. 1 found some tiny ones this morning huddled away from the cold May wind so glad to be rescued. If using finger bowls drop a few petals there too, which Is a very colorful and artistic scheme.
1 have named the dessert "Royal


telegraph office. | back, neatly shaved, Kelly calmly smoking a cigarette and reading a New York paper.
“Wanted to see if the family had kicked up any dust yet,” she explained.
“Expect a dust storm?”
was
f
NEW YORK.—So many are the attractive washable cottons made up for daytime that it is impossible to name them all. There are yinghams in tailored suits; dotted Swisscs in lace-frilled country frocks; voiles in well-styled dres-that can easily take the place of crepe ones on hot days. Some of the pigment-printed organdies, as chilly to the eye as the outside of a frosted julep glass, can walk where sheers do not fear to tread.
Most comforting of all the about cottons is that with
y
/


•y*
I


«,
t
said
Pie.”
¦
Joe.
Made With One Pattern By LOUISE LENNOX
Old-fashioned lingerie prettiness stages a "come-back.” surer slip with its dainty lace beading with ribbon, is enchanting ’neath your sheer blouse or frock. There isn’t anything more divinely feminine than a petticoat with lace or cmhroidury ruffle with beading and ribbon, t itement cost mo little, brassiere slip and the r u If I e cl petticoat are made with the same path’s such delightful sewing,
I
“And how. My family are probably raising the roof.
I walked out cold.” ¦
“They they don’t know that you
to the arms of this
POTATO NESTS
3 cups hot mashed potatoes.
2	tablespoons butter.
3	well-beaten eggs.
Salt and pepper.
Beat together. Add % cup hot milk gradually. Add 2 tablespoons chopped chives. Beat until light and fluffy. Form nests on greased baking sheet with pastry bag or
ses
You see,

The bras-
1
DELICIOUS
MEALS
afjyWHEUI
were going
wastrel?”
“They don’t know anything. BeI told them exactly nothing.
call
Therefore I am picturing consternation, the colossal kind, in the
old Archer homestead.
“But won’t they get in touch
with this twerp Gilbert?”
Kelly pursed her lips. Evidently that possibility had not occurred to her. She reached for Joe’s arm and dragged him into the car.
“That’s a thought,” she said. “And it makes it all the more important to get to Boston quickly. Come on, James. In and drive.”
Bank Hold-up
“There’s consternation in these hyar hills as well,” Joe said conversationally, as they got under way. “It seems that some yegg held up the bank at North Collis-
each summer an increasing number are made color-fast and shrink-proof. Now the voiles are being so treated that they are crush-resistant.
of the thicket.
horrifying in the extreme.
And yet the sinister mien of the behemoth was mitigated somewhat by a pair of weak watery-blue nr, Judging from his eyes alone he loked like the kind of a guy who might drill his aged maiden aunt full of holes and then weep hysterically over a slushy movie.
Mr. Joseph Sandham had been brought up in the tradition of the Light Brigade. He knew that you had to make a pass of some kind when cannon were in front of you.
“Wh-who are y-you?” he stut-

All this ex Both the
was
eyes.
lern.^ particularly for the charming result gained.	L Fdùj
Style No. 2827 is designed for
hues 12, 14, 16, 18, 20 years, 80. 32, 34, 36, 38 and 40-inches bust. Size 16 requires 2% yards of 39: inch material with 4Vi yards cl ! hce for slip; and 2 yards of 39 | inch material with 1 % yards of ; lace for petticoat.
Bend Fifteen Cents (15c), (com 1 is preferred ) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 Wes Adelaide St., Toronto. Write I plainly your Name, Address and i Style Number. Be sure to state
size you wish
in
MU##/
cup#

MEN LOVE -i GIRLS WITH
!•
sïftS
PEP
KEEP CLEAN INSIDE!
Dtrfll yee
You'll like the way It snaps you back, overnight, to Ihl ###'• ng of
‘ fit n es» and I


a
"farin' to go cleanliness! Hel
»• 11 m I n « * «»
that hold you
Readaches. Indlgeatlon. He.
It will certainly "do wonders' 10c and Me of drugstore*—or WRIT», FOR FREE 8AMPLJM of Oarfletd Tea and Garfield Headache Powders to: GARFIELD TEA CO 1 CldR Avenue, Toronto 1. Called a
I »epi
WO-27
left-over waste# t
ri
la

tered.
The behemoth attended to the 'Inner man before pampering curl-
“Pass me dat dere sangwidge," he ordered in Ms beautifully-toned At the same time he wig. g)ed the right-hand gun.
for
anno Iron
Coleman

y ü
M I
early this morning w about it at the barber shop. Got «V with $20,000 in cash, they

low* No. 21

aw


my
B
said Kelly, “that's a lot man's league."
voice
Well,

f money •
any



¦fenagH^*


###PAGE###7###
Secrets of the world’s greatest
munitions factory were revealed to
King George when he made a tour
of the $60,000,000 plant in Exton, England, recently, including a trip into the subterranean bombproof chambers.	|	¦
Cherry, the Shorthorn of Ames-bury, England, which recently * wen the world’s twenty-four hour record, by producing 14 gallons of milk, drinks 88 gallons of water daily, more than twice the low amount consumed by an ordinary
New U.S. Envoy Arrives In Canada
VOICE
of the
PRESS
NEWS
PARADE


jJEEfci^V.T

NEW ZEALAND’S EXAMPLES There’s only one country in the British Empire with next to no unemployment problem—New Zealand. The Savage administration down under has set up a system of registration of unemployed and job placement, conducted by a department of the government. Older people are looked after by social security legislation which brings benefits to all citizens over 60 years of age. Hence each individual when the time comes for him (or her) to retire, steps out willingly, leaving the way open tor the younger fry to secure employment.
Canada might well take a leaf from the book of her Antipodean sister. After all, a million people relief in the Dominion I» Just one million too many.
CANADA
m
PEACE AT A PRICE
The world has battled through another week of peace. How long it stand the strain Î—Stratford Beacon-Herald.
F
SILK HAT SHORTAGE Are there enough «ilk hats to meet all the exigencies here for the Royal visit June 7Î The fun-makers in the English pr deploring the reported Canadian deficiency in this regard. — St Catharines Standard.
THE NORTH IS SAFE
Canadians worrying about defence may find some comfort In this telegram received by The Globe and Mail from Temagami: "Fear of invasion of the North by enemy tanks and machinery completely stopped by war meaa-aure taken by the Minister of Highways to leave the Feguson Highway in its present condition.* —The Toronto Globe and Mail.
BUY FROM LOCAL STORES Buying from local stores is the wise way of purchasing. When goods are bought at the door from strangers, there ia no guarantee either of quality or of quantity. Local store keepers must guard their reputations, while a door-to-door salesman may bo In another town ere the defects are found in the goods.—Niagara Falls Review.
HARMLESS HITCH-HIKERS There are many harmless and deserving hitch-hikers. Among them are thousands of students and other worthy boys who depend
__the motorists to carry them
from place to place. It is a misfortune for such that criminals are converting the well-intentioned drivers Into hard-boiled disbelievers In human nature.—Woodstock Sentinel-Review.



'v
are
/SR
OSÉAI
A
mu e
on
FOBS YOUR
TURNING-POINT! Has it occurred to anybody but us to wonder why it suddenly became important to Britain and France to form a “stop Hitler” front. tog allowed Austria, then Czechoslovakia to fall under the sign of the swastika without a murmur?
ind the new Franco-Britiah moves are linked directly with the Nazis’ abandonment of the “drive to the east” (the Ukraine and Russia) in favor of a drive (maybe) on the west which means Britain, France and us.
You will ask how come we know Hitler has given up thoughts of the eastward march for the pressât . WÊfÊÊlÊKÊÊKStÊÊtttM in March when the Fuehrer allowed Hungary to annex Carpatho-Ukraine, to form a common boundary with Poland. That barred his way to the Ukraine. ’Twas on that day that France and Britain sat up, startled, «realized for the first time that they, not Russia, might be the next victims of Nazi aggression.
WESTERN REVOLT: Chances of a federal election late this summer or early this fall are decreased, parliamentary wiseacres believe, by the revolt of the West-Liberal M.P.’a over the issue of the Government’s wheat policy. The “prairies were set on fire,* it ia said, by the abandonment of the 80-cent wheat price, and now the Government cannot afford to go to the people until the West-electorate has been placed in * more propitiatory frame of mind.


fater hav-
The famous Scottish Liners
“LETITIA” and "ATHENIAN
New Features
#	Hot and cold running water in all Cabin and Tourist staterooms, and in most Third Class
cabins.
#	Beds instead of berths.
#	Controlled ventilation throughout.
#	Enlarged and rebuilt cabin staterooms i "Athenia".
• •
To our

Hon.. Daniel C. Roper, LEFT, former secretary of commerce in the Roosevelt administration, arrives in Ottawa with Mrs. Roper to be greeted by Premier Mackenzie King, as he officially assumes the post of envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary from United States to Canada'
in
"The future lies in the small centres; the moment the towns, villages and communities die, the cities begin to die, although they don't know It."
Beck-Fence Chats Important She believed conversations that took place on the back doorstep In a email town community, or neighborly comments when the women were "hanging out their washing In their yards," equalled the thoughts exchanged in the highest Intellectual gatherings in urban centres.
Sleep Affects Child’s Stature
• New rooms with private bath on the 4 4 Athenia’ ’
made in the
Think back to that day late
e e
following similar improvements
“Letitia*
Thee* improved end increased facilities, plus s famous cuisine, personal service end entertainment, represent an
. _________a__•__ _____ -----<
A Two - Hour Nap May Add Half-An-Inch To His Height
Note these Low Rates
CaMn front >132. Tourist >118. Third >91.
on
A two-hour nap may add as much as half an inch to a child’s stature. This phenomenon, demonstrating the aemi-elasticity of the human body, is reported to the Society for Child Development of the National Research Council by Drs. Janet M. Redfield and Howard V. Meredith, of the State University of Iowa. They made exact measurements on 22 children, 4 and 5 years old.
The children had a rest period every afternoon. Some fell asleep regularly, while others lay awake on their cota. Both groups showed increases in stature, with the sleepers far in the lead. The average gain for the slumberers, they report, was a trifle less than half an inch, and almost 90 per cent of this gain was between the hips and top of the head. Those who did not sleep gained about a quarter inch during each of these rest periods.
The phenomenon is explained, they believe, by the constant pres-the tissues of the body. The ribs constantly are being pressed closer together by the weight above them. This is especially true during vigorous play when the tissues are ".shaken down." When the body is recumbent all this pressure is released, and the naturally elastic body returns to its greatest length. The explanation for the increased growth during sleep is that there is almost complete relaxation and hence no muscular resistance to the snap back.
Weekly sailings from Montreal to Belfast, Liverpool and '** in conjunction with the Cunard White Star liners b” and "Antonia”.
JteidLa.
Ithmia.\
THE EMPIRE
NTARIO
UTDOORS
•OilALDfON
ç-pitÊuüicjhw,
HITLER AND FERDINAND Herr Hitler has one of the endearing characteristics of Ferdinand the Bull. Just when the crowds expect him to be moat violent he stops and smells the flower». Our policy should be to courage him to go on developing the aesthetic aide of his nature.— Beverley Nichols in (London, England) Sunday Graphic.

By VIC BAKER
en-
A FEW KINKS
Talking about your bait casting line. Hava you ever lost a big fellow because the line parted down near the end? Many expert anglers believe that it is just at this point that the heaviest wear comes on the line, so It is a good idea to break off six or more Inches of the halt casting lin* each time you go fishing. It la better to lose a little line than a big fish.
T
to
but the men to tee it your loctl Trevel Agent.
em
Fred Neher
By
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
Students Prefer Commercial Jobs
STRATEGIC TURKEY: weight has been thrown behind the British-French security bloc In Europe with the conclusion of a British military agreement with Turkey. Once the “sick man of Europe,” this ancient country situated strategically (for the democracies’ purposes) at the eastern end of the Mediterranean, has been transformed into a modern republic by the late dictator, Atatürk. Turkey now has a land army of nearly 200,000 men, a trained reserve, an air force with an estimated 600 planes, shortly to be increased to 1,000, and she long has been et work remilitarizing the Dardanelles.
i
:

dm*
Little Desire to Enter the Learned Professions Is Shown By
Av
sure on
1
FISHING AND THE MOON
The old man in the moon Is blamed for many dark deeds and now a new one is added to the list. Mr. C. McMotley has a carefully prepared article in the Transactions of The American Fisheries' Society in which he concludes, after much experimentation with rainbow trout, that fishing la very adversely affected by the moon, especially during an August full moon.
This paper was previously read before the Society and was published along with a table of lengthy and Impressive statistics to prove the point. We have space only for Mr. McMotley’s conclusions: "From the foregoing data It may be concluded that some factor associated with the full moon does affect rainbow trout fishing.”
Whether our Ontario troùt would be affected in the same way we do not know, but if any of our sportsmen happen to be trout fishing during a summer full moon and have poor success, be sure to blame It on the moon! There ia nothing like a g
NOTE: Vic Baker will be glad t#
dents
m
mm
Little desire to enter the learned professions was shown by more than 200 Kings County Academy students at Kentvllie, N. 8., questioned in an occupational survey. Commercial occupations led a list of IS groups with 41 expressing their wish to go into business and secretarial work.
' One student named law as his chosen profession, another the ministry. Ten hoped to become doctors while four chose engineering. To become airline stewardesses was the goal of seven gins. Twenty-five more chose nursing.
All but eight of the 26 who chose teaching were girls. Prospective aviators numbered eight. Four students Including one girl hoped to become specialized farmers.
Many of the students are from surrounding rural districts of the Annapolis Valley.
1
o>.

v»%
I

f >
THE WEEK'S QUESTION: How does the Federal Government's new Acreage Bonus bill operate? Answer: One of the basic measures in the Government’s farm program, this piece of legislation awards special assistance to farmers in Western areas where there has been complete crop failure (this includes damage from any cause other than hail).
4
Says Future Lies -In Small Centres
Neighbourly Friendships of Small Towns Preferred by Woman M.P.

7a
new
¦H
3*
Vv
r
V;-

Mias Agnes Macphail, U.F.O.-Labor, Grey Bruce, last week decried city life, urging people to get from artificiality and back to

Australia Aids
away
reality.
Speaking to a group of newspaper women, she said	de-
spised cities."
answer any queation or discuss problems which readers may have. Write him In care of this
Immigration
i alibi, eh, what! ! !
Mil
“S., "mk'Iir
6,000 Britisli Immifr—ti Were Admitted
T
By L. Frank Baum
WONDERLAND OF OZ
Assisted passages to Australia of nearly 4,#00 British immigrants were approved during the first 11 months of the federal government’s new assisted migration policy. •
A report covering the first year's operation of the new policy issued by Interior Minister McEwen shows 1,171 assisted passages to Australia for British migrants were Approved and that a rapid increase in the flow of British migration has occurred in recent months.
The report says among the IS •killed British industrial workers for specialised industries wete 16 special artisans for paper pulp works in Tasmania. 34 skilled op-#natives tor manufacture of condenser yarns and tire-cord yarns In Melbourne, and U skilled arils-ins for steeftube manufacture In
Adelaide.
Japanese activity In China has increased the number of newsreels screened in Japan, many of them showing the military exploits of the Japanese.
I
Z
I
i
i
j
v
i
%
5
\
0
nn

S*'/,
/

V
1

l
\
4
> X

: :
C-
O*
•This.’* said the WIsard, pointing to the

m one end Aunt
first teat, "la for the accommodation of
the ladles Dorothy you and j our aunt may step Inside.” Everyone hiiide the tent end they se-
ras to look
w two pretty
white bed* and a silver roost for Billina.
Ruga were spread upon the floor end - ime camp chairs and a table completed chiefs became tiny tente, end me the trav-	the furniture. "Well, well, well, this beets
•1ère looked at them they grew blaster	anything I ever saw or heard of," eland bigger, until each one was large	claimed Aunt Km, and she glanced at
enough to contain the entire party.	the Wlsard almost fe n fully. ST
mumbled some magic
words Then lo’ and behold, the hendker-
###PAGE###8###
Look Here
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost otc.
PEDLAR’S
Shawville -Beauty
Shoppe
o
FOB SALK—One three yrar old gelding -ml one four*few-old mare. Apply to nald Me Paw. Maryland, Que. Phoned 10, Shaw ville.	*
COTTAGE FOB BENT - Cottage at Sand Bay for rent during July and August. Apply to J. A. Alexander, m Bell Street. Ottawa.
FOR sale—Two hundred pound* of Seed Barley. Apply to Sam Hamilton. Shawville.
IK
RBPItBSBNTlNU COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
Metal Roofing
and Siding
%
, '
Permanent Waves from
$1.00 to $7.50
i V\

Barn and Stable Equipment
SHAWVILLE - QUE
FOR SALE—A dark grey Percheron Colt, Hyeaw-old. Apply to Hkrman Hallantvns, Maryland, Qm. Phone, 2H H, Shawville.

ï
a*
Blossom», Leaves, Bark,
Roots Used as Medicine
Since ancient times, man has had a high regard for flowers, leaves, tree-bark and roots of all kinds as curatives for human ills. Medieval doctors were firmly convinced—as some Chinese doctors still are—that if any section of a plant resembled a part of the human body, it had a medicinal value for that part. Any heart-shaped leaf, therefore, was part of a brew for heart trouble, and liverwort became a standard part of the treatment for diseases of the liver, notes a writer in Pathfinder Magazine.
America’s herb boom started almost with the first settlers. Those who lived near Indian tribes found them using various plants for a riety of diseases, and they adopted the native usage. Until about 50 years ago, for instance, catnip was regarded as an aid to treat female disorders and to treat fevers of almost any description; many Americans chew it for toothaches. A concoction from larkspur seed was thought to cure asthma; later it was recognized merely as an insecticide.
Between 1860 end 1880, the peak of the boom, the New England members of a religious sect known as the “Shakers" had a virtual monopoly on the botanical drug business, shipping their products all over America and to foreign countries. At about the same time, shrewd promotion led ignorant Chinese to believe that ginseng, e common plant in the eastern United States and Canada, was a remarkable healer, apd ginseng seeds literally became worth their weight in gold in northern China.
Some herbs are fragrant and sweet, and preparations of them are commonly used to coat pills. Others are mildly laxative in their effect, although herbs are not as widely used for diuretics as they once were. Many of them provide o:> necessary to the preparation cf hq uid medicine. Further, the leave? and roots of many plants are poisonous and with a doctor’s adv pe few of them may be used t emetics.
FOR SA LB-A quantity of Irish Cob hier Seed Potatoes. Apply to ALP Elliott, Shawville. Pohne SO IS
25 cents
Finger Waves Shampoo, -
J
ROOTING

FOR SALE — Itn» Pontine De Lux Coupe, with four practical Iv new tire*. For further particulars vpply to Percy Ballantynk, Maryland. Phone, K~10.
25 cents
We handle everything in these lines
Roofing Carried in Stock
FOR SALE— A quantity of Banner Seed Oat*, from registered seed. Apply to Jam» T. Cvthbzrtson, R. R No. 3, Shawville.
9.00 a.m. to 7.00 p.m
Open from
Tuesdays and Saturdays 9.00 a m. to 11.00 p.m
DEAN BROS.
PIGS FOR SALE — Young Pig* for sale, ready to take May 5th.
Paul Pe*RY, Barry River, ----------
Island, Que.
Apply to Calumet
Miss Vera Klatt
Quebec
Phone 9-19
Stark’s Corners,
Shawville R. R No. 2.
Semi-Annual Meeting Pontiac L.O.L.
Quebec

Shawville,
PHONE 66-w
va
In Memoriams
«*
••Roll the Cotton Down , The chantey Down
1
Roll the Cotton of negro origin, was originally sung by those loading cotton aboard the river boats for shipment down the river. Often tired of servitude, the negro made his escape from plantations by hiding aboard ships engaged in the cotton trade. Forced from his hiding place by
I)a«o—In loving memory of a dear husband and father, Wm. J. Dagg, who passed away, May 30, 1938.
Days of sadness still come o’er us Tears in silence often flow,
For our loved one gone before us Just one year ago.
m -a

Summer Clothing
«
»
Mens Sport Trousers, grey, fawn and blue Sizes 30 to 38...............................
Wife and Family
sr sr swvs r : i	s1*
plantation to the rhythm of his work, the songs were quickly picked up by the cbanteymen and later, in varying versions, sung by the crews.
$2.95
1473 Lodge Room, Stark’s Corner?, on Tuesday, June 6th, commencing at one o’clf ck in the afternoon. All members welcome.
Herbs Long to Use
It is impossible to trace accurately the origin of the use of herbs. Decades before written records were made, varieties of herbs were grown both for their healing powers and food value. Manuscripts written in the First century refer to the flavoring and medicinal qualities of herbs, notes a writer in the Detroit News. During the reign of Charlemagne, the French monarch ordered his subjects to raise certain herbs to their gardens. At that time, and for many years afterwards, people depended upon herbaceous plants as remedies for their sicknesses. In spite of the fact that many commercial preparations are Dn the market, herbs are used as cures There are scores of synthetic perfumes and flavorings but herbs ere used to some extent for his purpose.
Mens Sanforized Cotton Outing T.outers in check and stripped patterns ...............
Rexford Wilson, Norval Kilooub, Co. Master .
$1.95
Co. Secretary
Reindeer Is Essential
to Existence of Lapps
New Jewellery
The reindeer is absolutely essential to the existence of the nomad Lapp. His herd supplies him with food, clothing, and shelter, according to an authority in the Chicago Tribune.
The people eat reindeer meat all the year ’round—the fresh meat in autumn and winter, smoked and salted in spring and summer. Their winter garments, their blankets and bedding are reindeer skins and furs.
The tents or tepees are hung with
reindeer skins for warmth. Most of The §sw M1I, at Braeside, Got, the Lapps’ simple and limited owned And operated by Gillies household gear is made from rein- Bi others Limited, started work deer hide, horn, and bone. Coarse on Monday. The mill is late in thread, string, and heavy cord opening this year due to the are manipulated out of the sinews, general quietnf*** of the lumber The babies' cradles and the pul- indu*try. but Mr. D A. Gillies_ ex-kas are made with reindeer hides, pressed the hope that it wOQld The pulkas are the odd-looking lit- ^mne runnmg for % longer tie sleds or sleighs without runners period than last season.
that rest flat on the snow. They
are shaped like the front end of a Four Hundred Chicks Perish small canoe cut in half, pointed in In Fire at Campbell s Hay
g### ë$SBS
The Lapp cannot live without the <m Sunday morning, May 21st. reindeer; the reindeer cannot live ^he Are was caused by the ex-without the Lapp.	plosion of a brooder lamp.
The Lapp is not adaptable to any Billy Flood, aged 18. prevented other mode of living. City or in- the blaze from spreading to the dustrial life in the factory or office house by using the garden hose is impossible to him. These vast until the arrival of the volunteer
iSpïü fesbsüp »
endure. The Lapp is hardy despite	„
hie small stature and light weight. Shawville United W.M.S
Stanfields Shirts and Shorts, each
50c
Presenting the new Catalogue of Jewellery, featuring Bridal Wreath Ring*, Wedding Presents, etc. Any order filled within 3 days.
1039
Extra Value in Sweat Shirts, white and coloured Regular $1.25 to clear at......................
ROY E. CONE, Jeweller Opposite Poetise Mouse Sbswville, Que.
59c
Cotton Caps
25c
Norris R. Homer
Clothier and Haberdasher
Coventry*» Peeping Tom
Shares Honor With Lady
Coventry, England, not only hon-its most famous woman, Lady
The French Poodle
Originated sometime in the Fii teenth century, the French poodle
dog has been used as a hunting dog I Godiva, but also “Peeping Tom,” for centuries and can not be sur who was supposed to have been passed as a retriever. They are very struck blind for peeping on her fa-intelligent and possess an uncanny m0us ride through the city’s streets, ability to make themselves under- Lady Godiva herself has two They are very gentle, af statues in Coventry, one in the fectionate, splendid watchdogs and Guildhall, the other in the Great good companions for the children | hall. Hundreds of tourists visit
them. ^Peeping Tom” is also im-
mmm
commercial quarters it never £1- «truck blind, caches a depth of moreI thani a mile	Both Lady Godiva and “Peeping
ind stretches in a long line along TomM have come in for their share .he shores of the Mediterranean. N Chunking in recent years. It Like an arrowhead, ^ith gréa y ttorng out that the legend of “Peep-elongated arms, with a thickened, \. Tom” did not appear in the first shortened stem, it stretches out on gtory 0f the ride, but was added each side of the central point years later as an afterthought, he harbor and Rasel-Tm the Head ^ for Lady Godiva, a Benedictine of Figs” on which His Majesty s ahbey founded by her in 1043, once summer palace is constructed. Lave pr00f 0f existence. That, un-Alexandria is noted for its gorgeous fortunately, was destroyed by Henry gardens, the Greco-Roman rau- yjjj and while most people still ad-¦ J with its unique collection Of mjt that she was a real person, they tanagra figures, the Catacombs, x |doubt she ever made the ride. No Pompey's Pillar, and its famous zoo. documentary evidence of it turned The city if, the setting of Cleo- ip ^til 150 years after her death patra's versatile charm and the cen- and such rides, detractors say, are ter of knowledge and philosophy be- commorl in 0]d folk traditions. Lady fore the Christian era.	JGodiva’s name, the de bunkers say,
was attached to such a legend to honor to her piety and goodness.
ors
Dealing editorially with the royal visit, the London Times, under the headline “The King of Canada*’, remarks upon the extraordinary variety of the Domin ion and says the remarkable enthusiasm evoked among all classes and sections of the Canadian people gives good ground for confidence that the King’s hope that Canada may have a deeper conception of her unity as a nation may be realized. “The King is a living symbol of that unity,” adds the Times, “and his visit to Canada may well help, not Canada alone, but the whole Empire to a deeper conception of its unity
ci ses a banquet was held in the Sunday School room of the United Church
stood
W. D. Gibbons
The funeral was held in Cobden on Wednesday afternoon of a former resident in the person of Mr, Wm. D. Gibbous, whose death occurred in Calgary, May 17th, in his 83rd year.
Born and raised in the vicinity of Portage du Fort, he as a young man married Miss Phoebe B of Clarendon, Early in their married life they took up lesi dence in Cobden, where he con ducted a shoe business also a carpenter and cabinet maker by trade and donated and built the fine pulpit in St Paul's Anglican church, Cobden. He was very active in the work of the church and was a chief mover and a foremost worker and contributor in the building of the tower on St. Paul’s chtych.
In 1904 the family left Cobden for the west where he followed the pen ter and cabinet making trade in the growing city of Cal Some fifteen years ago he
was predeceased by his wife Left	R| and snlritnals
is sjs:oTfic"i:.° ~b.r•=,
McKay, and Mrs. Simpson, all of cording to an aulhor1^»
Calgary, and one sister, Mrs. Mary cousins. ‘ Bom out of group flMBV”
Cullen of Montreal.

i own
He we?
Local Bankers Attend Golf Tournament
and Mrs. G. A. McDougall Mr. and FMrs. A W. Pequegnat Messrs. B. G. Foreman and A. W
e t <) ri||lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
annual golf tournament of the Ottawa V a 11 e y Bankers at Renfrew Golf Club on Wednesday, May 24th.
Mr. G. A. McDougall won low net for first nine holes ; while high gross for eighteen boles was won by Mr. A W. Newton. Main prizes wenc to Mr. Errol Jordon, of Renfrew and E. J. Winslow, of A r il prior.
Adina Rebekah Lodge At Home to Hasel Lodge, Ottawa
Shawville Adina Rebekah Lodge were at home to about fifty members of Hazel Lodge, Ottawa, at its regular session on Monday night.
The visitois, who came to town by motor bus and cars, were introduced to the local lodge by former members, Mrs. H. Millar and Mr. Trueman Tuck, now of Ottawa, and Mrs. U. Farrell, dis triet deputy president, and were officially welcomed by the presiding Nobel Grand, Miss Amelia Smart.
During the evening degrees were exemplified by the degree staff of the visiting lodge, and the work carried out in a most praiseworthy and proficient manner. At the conclusion of the session interesting addresses were given by|Grand officers, visiting and local members of the Order.
Following the lodge room exer-
Shawville United W.M.3. met _	n , ,	, in the Sunday whoot room on
Bell i Phone Preceded	Thursday evening, with Mrs C- N.
by Many Other Attempts Woodley in the chair, and Mrs. R
mwm üssü
and effective instruments were final- Ad Hodgins, Mrs. Wv Smart, Mrs.
ly found by different men at so near- j g|y and Mrs. Kennedy. A sofo
ly the same time that there are dis- was sling by Mrs. 8 E. McDowell,
putes over priority.	and the study book was reviewed
a The Popular History of American by Mrs. C H. MacLean The guest
Inventions says that no other pat- speaker was w. A Hodgins. who*
an interesting address on
M
attended the second
seum
cai
gar y
Longest Bridges
I l , _	.	.	. The Golden Gate bridge at San
1 he says, ‘‘the spirituals give prancigC0 has the longest single
voice to the slave s song of a better gpan a 4,200-foot sweep over the world to come. The blues, also I
ent has ever been more bitterly con- gave tested and no claim to a great in-, Stewardship .
vention more clearly proved than	-—? 
that of Bell. Elisha Gray, whose John Mnnroe Rons claims are preferred by some au- Dies, Aged 79 Years thoritiee, filed caveat for his inven
tion just a few hours after Bell	M
These claims were threshed out in	^ec6* Mrs. A If. Armstrong
8gSag«M*_* rE&ELr.is 5
Other early inventors of the tele- the late Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Ross, phone whose claims to priority He had resided in Bristol for the have been advanced include Antonio poet thirty years and was a mem-Meucci, an Italian immigrant to this her of 8L Andrew's United church, country; Dr. George B. Richmond, EarHr in life and before trains he of Lansing, Mich., whose original carried the mail from Aylmer to instrument is In the state museum Portage du Fort. He was un« at Lansing; William Humans, of married
FF=m mmm
of this country.	Rev. 3. Armstrong Sales. H ¦ !
tng
Tbf remains came by early C P.R. train to Cobden Wednesday morning and rested at the Fraser Funeral Parlours until 1.30 o'clock in the afternoon, when service was held in St. Paul’s Anglican church with Rev. R. E. Osborne, the rector, conducting. Interment was made in Cobden cemetery.
Among those from a distance at the funeral were : Mr. and Mrs. Roy McDowell, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Barnes, Mr. and Mrs. John Cowley, Mr. Arthur Bennett, all of Ottawa ; Mr. and Mrs. John Brown, of Forester’s Falls ; Mrs Gordon Gibbins. Portage dn Port ; and from Shawville and Clarendon district, Mr. Joseph Brown, brother-in-law of the deceased, Mrs. John Hobbs, Mm. Alfred Elliott, Mrs. Lindsay Armstrong, Mr. and Mrs. Herb. Brown, Mrs.
¦¦LI I	entrance to San Francisco bay. The
rising from a cauldron of pain and overan length of the bridge is 9,200 misery, are the expression of an feet% 0r approximately two miles, individual singer, and bear the The bridge having the longest wa-hope that although today is filled ter gpan in the world is the San with unhappiness, tomorrow’s sun | Francisco - Oakland bay bridge will bring a new, happier day, right
here on earth.”	*
The death occurred at the home
which is eight and a quarter miles long, f This bridge is both suspension and cantilever. The west bay crossing between San Francisco .	and Yerba Buena island, is 10,450
For centuries emeralds have been* long and has two suspension the favorite gems of beautiful worn- span8 Df 2,310 feet each. The east
__. Cleopatra was among the first bay cr08sing, from Yerba Buena
to show her preference. She owned jai*nd to Oakland, large emerald mines and gave large jever 8pan 1,400 f emeralds engraved with her por-	heaviest in the wor
trait	to her friends. Later on, his-	crosaing from the island	to the	toll
tory	reveals that Napoleon s only	plaza on the Oakland mole Is	19.400
gifts	of jewels to the Empress Jo-	fe€t length. The east	bay	e
Mij rare emeralds and ^ng is connected with the west bay pearls. Catherine the Great of Hus- crossing by a tunnel through Yerba sia owned a large collection of em- Buena js]and	I ¦ ¦ |
ernld jewelry.	1
en
includes a canti-in length, the The east bay
X
Archie Johnston, Mr. Alfred Hodgins and Mr. Frank Corrigan. —Cobden Snn.
