###PAGE###1###
Bibliothèque et Archives nationales
E9 E9 Q E3
Québec
The Equity
Pages 1 à 2 manquantes
###PAGE###2###
X
Household Hints
Queen Suffers Cold Hands
T
the student flying course she begged Anne to join her. For a time, Anne would not agree, but finally she signed for the course.
Today was to be her first in-sti notion in the air, but her mind was far from aviation. Her eyes were watching the highway for Tony Scott’s flashing, bright blue roadster.
She was impatient with Georgette, as with all others who v ere objecting to Tony. It was true that his father was a rich man; true, too, that the source of his money was questionable, and that many, of Tony’s companions were far from desirable.
HE WAS SO DIFFERENT
But Tony was so different from any of the men she had ever known in her life. He did exciting, daring things, and she liked him. That was enough for her.
“If you see Tony, ask him to wait for me,” she called to Ge< r-gette, walking away before the other girl could answer.
Absorbed in conversation, Dick and Bob failed to notice the redhaired girl had left her companion. They didn’t notice, either, a long, high-powered, bright blue roadster scaring down the highway toward the airport. Anne raw it, however.
Watching it, and its driver, aa she walked absentmindedly out into the field, she forgot the flying lesson ahead of her, forgot her uncle’s ultimatum about Tony Scott, forgot Georgette too, the whirling prop of the plane that had been warming up forr her first flight.
The first warning of her danger came when suddenly Georgette screamed:
"Anne—Anne—the prop!”
(To Be Continued)
T
M
x"


A
A

Cocoa stains should be soaked in cold water and then dipped in boiling water containing borax, on r.o account use soap for them. Coffee stains, on the other hand, should be covered with a little egg yolk mixed with glycerine end then washed in warm water. Tar stains on washable things can be smeared with lard, scraped oft and then washed, use ether for any non-washable material except artificial silk.
T

L
B

%
3t\
L
K
Z
F

Ç*.
"%

s
S
£


â

I
ü
Bv SADIE B. CHAMBERS

%
>-r i

BOWX
“RAREBITS”
Rarebits are always tasty bin and are always popular with the men folk. Cheese too is a traditional fare with the majority of people.
Rarebits are served on crackers or toast.

I
I
éJÔ
X
Try using a spoonful of vinegar in the water you soak your greens in instead of salt, it not only kills the inhabitants, but makes them drop to the bottom of the bowl instead of just dying	inside	the	leaves.	Apply	a
little	ammonia	to	your	chromin-
uni-plated articles if they get discolored in bad weather, then
polish with a duster.
*	* *
Save any accidents by tacking strips of emery paper to the seeps of your household step-ladder, it gives you a firm, good grip for the feet.
*	<i	*
Rut your new pair of stocking? on, and draw a line with colorless nail varnish just under the suspender top and over the toe joint —the two most vulnerable places. But if you have to darn a toe or heel, darn on the cross so that the bias threads take the strain and the stockings won’t pull away from the darn. Tiny pinhole leaks in pots and pans can be mended w.'ti; snap fasteners—clip through the hole and there you are!
¦


I
Sardine Rarebit
2 tablespoons butter 1 tablespoon flour hi teaspoon salt 1 cup rich milk Sardines
lhi teaspoons mustard hi teaspoon paprika 1 cup grated cheese.
Toast.
Make a cream sauce with butter, flour, salt and milk. Add other ingredients. Place sardines on toast and heat either in oven or under broiler. Place on plate and pour on sauce. Garnish with parsley or mint.
Tomato Rarebit
% cup grated cheese 1 can tomato soup hi tsp. mustard Combine all ingredients in the tep of double boiler and ccok together until the cheese is melted. Serve on toasted crackers and toast.
• SERIAL STORY
1


FLYING CO ED
i
%
BY MARY K INNAVE Y MOORE
COPYPÎGHT
NEA b£RVICf. .NO,
Apparently feeling the nip of autumn cold during a visit to a community feeding centre in South London, Queen Elizabeth warms her hands over a cook stove. Approach of winter presents London with the problem of keeping warm the thousands who have lost their homes in oor. ibngs.
1 wanted you to go into it_ because 1 did and I didn’t want to do it alone.”
“That’s nonsense.” Anne told her with a short laugh. “You talked me into taking a student flying course because you thought it would take my mind off Tony ScytL You can’t fool me!” She laughed again and linked her arm affectionately through the other girl’s.
TWO GIRLS IN CONTRAST The two girls made a striking pair as they stood in the sun, dressed almost alike in smartly colorful sport clothes, Georgette's cool, brunet beauty a charming contrast to Anne's more radian appearance. Two men coming out the door of the administration building were immediately conscious of this, although deep in conversation.
“Of our 50 Civil Aeronautics Authority flying students here, five of them, or 10 per cent, arc girls,” the tall, broad-shouldered, blond man was saying. “They’ll he given the same courses of training as the men, and the same physical and mental requirements are necessary for enrollment.”
“And if those girls are sample-, we should have a gorgeous flying reserve.” The other man nodded toward Anne and Georgette. “But it seems you have all the luck. Dick. The red-haired girl is THE Anne Norris. With thousands of student pilots in the country, you would draw the numker one glamor girl.”
Capt. Dick Douglas scowled. “You can call it luck if you want to, Bob. I don’t.”
Bob Davis grinned. “Beautiful debutante learns to fly,” he said, as if quoting newspaper headlines. “Wlm’s more, beautiful debutante is the niece of Arnold Dwight, head of Dwight Aircraft. And you say it isn’t luck.”
“Arnold Dwight is a swell guy,” Dick said tersely, “I’d give my left arm to work for him. But as far as I’m concerned, that niece is just another spoiled darling looking for a new thrill more likely, for a new way to make the headlines.” Hit eyes were like blue ice. “Talk about movie stars craving publicity. They aren’t in it with these society debs. Well, I’ll show her there’s more to flying than having your picture taken in a helmet.”	/
“Her black-haired girl friend isn’t so bad.”
“Georgette
blue eyes softened. “She’s entirely different. I used to room with her brother at Randolph Field. He’s one of the best friends I have. And his sister’s cut from the same cloth.’ ’
For a few minutes, the two men stood discussing details of the CAA program of flight training and its part in the life of Midland 'University.
“The University authorities here are giving us every help possible,” Dick said. “Professors in many departments arc giving hours and hours outside of regular class work to student instruction. it’s all pretty encouraging.”
“These preliminary familiarization flights should help you to dispel a lot of bad flying lore,” Davis suggested.
“Yes, it does,” Douglas agreed. “A good many of these students have flown on passenger air lino.? and developed their own theories of flight ...”
HER MINI) WASN’T ON IT Anne Norris and GecrgeUe Parker were still in earnest conversation. Lcvel-hea led, serious Georgette had been Anne’s roommate ever since they had started to Midland. When she finished u fashionable preparatory school, Anne’s uncle and guardian had decided thaï et -educational Midland would be better for Anne than the exclusive finishing school that they had at first considered. A line’s bonert friendliness and impulsive, affectionate nature hud made her a favorite among the ghh, while her charm and spirit and golden red-haired beauty made her one of the mo t popular girls eu the campus.
When Georgette enrolled for
CHPATER ONE
Anne Norris pulled her leather flying helmet down over her long bobbed, golden-red hair. Above the roar of the “revving up” motor and the whirling prop, she raised her voice to call to a darkeyed girl standing noth* the hangar door.
“Tony said he’d drive out to watch me take my first flying lesson. Keep an eye out for him. won’t you?”
The dark-eyed girl, Georgette Parker, frowned and walked over to join Anne. “I thought you weren't going to see Tony again? After all, your unqje insisted you wvS^n’t to have anything more to do with him.”
“I’m old enough to know my own mind,” Anne tuld her crisply. “Uncle Harold’s my guardian, but I don’t have to do everything lie says.”
“I can’t understand what you see in Tony.” Georgette went on, a little anxiously. “His father' practically a gangster.”
A dangerous light flickered in Anne’s green eyes. “I’ve heard all that so many times 1 know it by heart.” She mimicked Georgette’s concerned tones. “Tony’s father this. Tony’s father that. Well, what of it? Tony is exciting, and he's been as nice to me as any man I know.”
“Men like Tony are not nice to anyone unless they have a good reason to be.” Georgette sad stubbornly.
A GANGSTER’S SON ?
“Anyway,” Anne replied coldly, “he isn't one of the men who wants to marry me because I’m the Norris heiress.” She set her lovely mouth in a firm determined line.
“Perhaps not because you're an heiress, but because yoifre a Norris,” Georgette reminded her. “But at least, put him out of your mind while you’re learning to fly.”
Anne made a face at her. “I don’t know why on earth I let you talk me into this. Why should I take up my time on a student flying course—when l don't car? two whoops about it!”
“Oh Anne,” Georgette was obviously exasperated, “to hear 5ou talk, you’d think there wasn’t anything thrilling about learning to fly.”
“Is there?”
“Of course,” Georgette said enthusiastically. “Just the adventure of it is something - and the sense of power and of achievement—” She broke off at the expression of mischievous amusement on Anne’s face. “You know
How To Address
Mail To R.C.A.F.
forgot,
Letters to Canadian 8a If Mailing Overseas, Sen* Post Office at Ottawa
Welsh Rarebit
L tablespoon butter 1 teaspoon cornstarch hi cup thin cream l/j lb. soft mild cheese % tsp. salt % tsp. mustard
Few grains cayenne Toast
Melt butter, add cornstarch and stir until well mixed; then add cream gradually, while stirring constantly and cook two minutes. Add cheese and stir until cheese is melted. Season, then serve oil toast.
Much of the success of rarebit depends upon the quality of the cheese. A rarebit should always be smooth and of a creamy consistency.
Nuns Come Out First Time in 47 Years
. The air ministry, correcting a previous announcement regarding addressing of mail to Canadians serving in the Air Force overseas, said in a recent statement that mail for men of the Royal Canadian Air Force overseas should be addressed to the Canadian base post office at Ottawa. From there it will be promptly forwarded.
In a previous announcement the ministry said erroneously that mall for R.C.A.F. overseas should be handled the same as for Canadians serving in the Royal Air Force.
FOR CANADIANS IN R A F.
Mail for Canadians serving with the R A F. should be addressed te R.A.F. Records Office, Ruislip, Middlesex, England. In the case of officers the number and name should be given and the letter sent in care of S. Seven D., Air Ministry, Adastral House, Kings way, London. W.C. 2.
Apple Peelings Will Clean Your Brass
Nuns of the Good Shepherd left their cloister in’ St. John, N.B. one day in October, for the first time in 47 years to assist at the opening of a triduum for St. Mary Euphrasia, foundress of the order.
The triduum — three days of was started in the Ca-
To save apple peelings, bring them to the boil with a little water and let them stew for five minutes. When the liquid is cool put your small brass ornaments into it—the sort that have engraving or modelling on them and which invariably get verdigris into the grooves and inter-sties. The larger ones wash with the liquid, using a rag, and scrub the grooves. When dry and rubbed with a soft cloth, the ornaments shine like gold and keen clean for ages.
prayer
thedral -of the Immaculate Conception in connection with the recent canonization of the sain:.
Soldiers Writing
Plenty Letters
Oyster Rarebit
Never let it be said the soldiers don’t write home. Figures compiled by the auxiliary services branch of the defence department show 140,168 envelopes, 276,226 sheets of stationery and 842 postcards are distributed weekly among soldiers in camps and barracks in Canada and Newfoundland.
1	cup oysters
2	tablespoons butter % lb. soft mild cheese
Cut in small pieces tt teasp. salt
Few grains cayenne
Young Girl’s Blouse and Suspender Skirt Classroom Indispensables
Arresed on a charge of burg-larly in Los Angeles, a young man said he was doing it in order to pay his way through college.
2 eggs
Clean, parboil and drain oysters, reserving liquor. Remove oysters and discard any tough portions. Melt batter, add cheese and seasonings; as cheese melts, add gradually oyster liquor and eggs slightly beaten. As soon as mixture is smooth add soft pait of oysters. Serve on toast (bread toasted on one side only). Serve on untoasted side of bread.
#
3192
SIZES 4- - 14.
R

Mr. Caffeine-Nerves Gets Erased


(

k>
<3
OFFICE MANAGER: Sorry 1 lost my temper, Miss Jones—l don’t know why my nerves are so jittery lately!
f MR. CAFFEINE-NERVES:
This office would drive anybody to \ the nut-house!
vX
or

And now for a request:


A3
VV'.w •
it
I	Graham Cracker Cake
I *4 cup butter I \ cup granulated sugar 2 eggs
. I 3 teaspoons baking powder 4 teaspoon cinnamon 2\ cups Graham Cracker I	Crumbs
I (30 Graham crackers)
I 1 cup milk I H teaspoon vanilla I Cream the butter, add sugar 1 gradually and cream together well. Add the beaten egg-yolks. Mix the baking powder and cinnamon with the cracker crumbs rolled finely and add this alternately with the milk. Lastly fold in the stiffly beaten egg whites and add vanilla. Bake in a buttered loaf-pan ' in a moderate I oven for 35 to 40 min.


I

ê •
t •• •
V

-4

k.
1 think l know
SECRETARY:
your trouble—too much tea or coffee ! You've got caffeine-nerves and the thing that will fix that is to drink Postum instead.

Parker?”
Dick's
%
»
I
ÙS
U ‘


MY JOB IS TO 1 HEIR YOU IN YOUR j COOKING PROBLEMS
m
F
/ MR. CAFFEINE-NERVES
\ Hush up, meddler! I stick to your^\ \ shorthand!	1

m
/

M
}

Miss Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested renders. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, end is even ready to listen to your “pet peeves " Requests for recipes or special menus are in order. Address your letters to “Miss Sadie B. Chaîner»,	73 West Adelaide Street,
Toronto.” Send stamped, self-addressed envelope if you wish a reply.
K v
II

K
ê
m



NS


m
30 PAYS tATO/t

k
By LOUISE LENNOX
For school or play, there's nothing like a blouse and skirt. It'» not only a smart combination, but a practical one as well . . economical, too, for the blouse will top any skirt in your daughter’s wardrobe, and the skirt makes an ideal complement for her other shirts and sweaters. The blouse may have either long or short sleeves, and can be made with or without the Peter Fan collar. Why not make both versions and be assured of always having a clean one on hand ? The skirt would be attractive in either » mt notone wool or a dashing clan plaid.
Style No. 3192 is designed for size 4, 6, 8, 10, 12 and 14. Sise 8 requires 1 3-8 yards of 39-in.-h material for blouse ; 1 % yards 64-inch for jumper.
Send Twenty Cents (Coin Is Preferred) for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto.
Write plainly yNir name, address and style number. Be sine to state size you wish.
Miss Jones,
OFFICE MANAGER:
you’re psychic ! I’ve been drinking Postum for a month and now I can’t figure out why I was always so upset!
*
NfM

W MR. CAFFEINE NERVE*
\ Vm always erased \ when they switch \ to Postum!
Weeping Statue

A
fe
12
*n the ruins of Arbroath Abbey, in Scotland, is the headless statue of a Scottish king, and at his feet lies a lion similarly defaced.
This is William the First, called William the Lion. He founded the abbey in memory of his friend, Thomas Btcket. Here the king was buried, and during the Reformation his statue and that of the lion were beheaded.
It is a strange fact that, if the weather is going to be wet, the stone over the region of the kings heart always becomes shiny and moist, and sometimes water actually trickles down.
That is why it is called “The Weeping Statue.”

VA
fim

A
ltd* $
# Many people can safely drink lea and coffee Many others—and all children—should never drink them. If you are one of these, try Postum's 30-day test. Buy Postum and drink it instead of tea and coffee for one	Then.
if you do not feel belter, return the container top to General Foods, Limited, Cobourg, Ont., and we'll gladly refund full purchase price, plus postage. Postum is delicious, economical, easy to prepare, and contains no caffeine.
MHS. AIT KEN, famous Cooiiiàg Authority, direr I » the Canada Starch Home Service De*
fût
PS*
urn
partaient, a helj. fui service offering

3
a wide range
______	valuable cooking
and other Booklets FREE. Write now for the booklet "82 Pie*"—a pie-recipe for every week in the year. Enclose a Crown Brand label r d mend to: ('anada Starch Home Service Dept " N 49 Wellington Street East, Toronto.

fHI CANADA STARCH COMPANY LIMITED
ISSUE 45—'40
it
IAANI
###PAGE###3###
ZcWW Es
zi
I
X
\
58 00 16 25 25 00 13 9o 3 95 13 lu 1C> 4" 95 OU
On motion of Cr. Duff the meeting adjourned.
THE EQUITY
SHAWVILLE, NOV. 21. 1940
VV. L Cassell», surveying.
T. H. Dagg. plank etc---
Road division No. 40 Leo. R. Keon, spikes etc.. H. Sharpe. 79 loads of fill
M rs. S Wooda ..........
Peter Moyles, gravel....
J. H. Brown, cedars.....
X
Hodgins Garage
X
Winter Egg Production
X
x
X


Kl
H
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
Buick, Oldsmobile, Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
K


k"
November Gtli, 1940
H. I. Smith,
Sec.-Treas
Clarendon School Hoard met on the
Chairman Hod-
-f
k'
X
above date. Present
and Commissioners Nurse, Walsh
v
. « ?
%
B
x

B
1
SI
gins and Hobbs.
Minutes of last meeting were read and approved on motion of Coinr. Nurse.
The resignation of Mr. Midlege, French Specialist was read. •
Motion Coinr. Hobbs, that this School Board release Mr. Mid lege, for the 30 days military Training, andexpress the hope that after his training is completed that, if he is not going on Activa Service that he will return and fill his contract. —Carried.
Motion Comr. Nur*e, that the Tender of W. R. Beckett, for Painting the Household Science Room and Equipment as per his specifications be accepted at a price of $60.00.—Carried.
The following bills were presented for approval :
L. A. Reeves, Supplies.......
W. A. Hodgins, ” Sept, and
October..................
Hodgins Lumber Co.. .....
Marvin Thompson, repairing
Schools...............; •
Norman Smith, work done in
August................ •
James Clarke, 9 posts to r*o.
11 School .... ......
Graham Thompson, Pine to
No. ...................
John T. Dagg, 10 cords pine to
No. 2 3 5 and 8........
Edmond Hodgins, 5$ cords of wood to High School ...
Robert Havelin, 10 cords of
wood to No. 12 B .......
Richardson, cords Pine to
^ o. 11................
Renouf Publishing Co........
Motion by Coinr. Walsh that Bills be paid.—Carried.
Correspondence and Inspection Re poit of Inspector Dickson was read, in which he stressed the need of New Schools in No. 10 and 13 districts. The secretary was instructed to write I)r. Percival in regard to Grants : these Schools.
The meeting was then adjourned.
x
: a***************************'
ta******************
Minutes of Council Ons
low North

Winter egg production can easily
K
x
t
X
9
be maintained by starting y°UT
Eades* Eggslent
5
November 4, 1940
A regular meeting of the Municipal Council of the Township of Onslow North was held on the above date. Present :	Mayor, Andrew Dajey, and
Conncillors Young, Fan ell ana Martin-
x
birds on
laying
Shur-Gain Laying Mash now and
X
V
Miss these real
Buys in Dependable
Laying Mash or feeding to your bird untill Spring
\
\
eau
For those who have an abundance of grains and wish to mix their own Laying Mash, we carry a complete stock of Shut Gain Protein Concentrates
for laying hens.
Motion—Crs. Young and Martineau, that minutes of October 7th, 1940, as read be adopted.—Carried.
Cr. Dagg took his seat at the Board. Motion, Crs. Farrell and Young, that forty dollars paid by Miss Nora Gavan to this township’s account in full of burial of her brother, the late Hugh Gavan, be acknowledged with thanks.
Carried.
Letter of Ste Marie and Ste Mane
Used ears
v
and Trucks
—'
$ 2 00
fattening poultry for market, Shur
birds that
If you are
Gain Fattening March will give your milk fed grade a finish at a surprisingly low cost.
68 87 28 82
One—1938—Chevrolet Sedan
One—1939—Pontiac Sedan
1934—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
read
Motion, Crs. Young and Dagg, that
the Secretary Treasurer be authorized to forward ten dollars to the Honourable Minister of Municipal Affairs fee to have the Municipal seats numbered in this Township ; also a certified copy of resolution October 7th, 1940, apply* - for said numbering of scats.— Mr. John J. O’Donnell appeared at the Board stating ditch and culvsrt at his yard was in bad condition as the water runs into his yard and stable. f Motion—Crs Farrell and Dagg, that Frank Curley, road foreman, be instructed to have said culvert and ditch opened in a proper way to carry any water coming there.—Carried.
Motion—Crs Young and Martineau, that the following accounts be approved and paid :—
M. Gorman, 5 days, 1 honr..
P. O’Hearne, 3 days .	.
P. Gorman, 2 dtys, 2 hours..
Building and J nry Fund ...
Insane Acct. to June 30, 1640
100 87
15 00
One
Demonstrations Gladly Given on Request Call today and beat the high price
V
\
THE SHmiLLE MILLING GO., BEC'D
1 80
x
5 00
a

mg
\
x
20 00
X
s
x
21 00
8
Sheriff Sales
J. L. HODGINS
X
x
20 00

x
X
In all fields o! sc Vnve no tool is more commonly used ^ar the ordinary optical microscope, which can give magnifications up to 2.500 diameters. Yet, despite the magnifying power of these instruments, they have not been developed to the point where scientists can see everything they want to see; as a result, inhabitants of the smallest world, such as viruses that pass through the finest grain filters, have escaped detection and analysis.
For years, scientists have believed these sub-microscopic organisms would be forever closed to them. But lately they learned otherwise. Described at the meeting of the American Philosophical society in Philadelphia was a radically new kind of microscope that would open up a realm of knowledge heretofore hidden.
Developed over a several-year period in the RCA laboratories at Philadelphia under the direction of Dr. Vladimir K. Zworykin, noted for his contributions to television, the new instrument is an electron microscope. Between it and the ordinary microscope there is no resemblance. Looking more like a large telescope than the ordinary microscope, it uses electrons (electrified particles) instead of light to detect the previously invisible organisms.
The instrument is capable of magnifying extremely small objects
100.000	times their actual size. With this power, scientists may be expected to throw light on the mystery of how viruses and proteins reproduce themselves, and also on the structure of proteins.
Before its demonstration at the A. P. S. meeting, the electron microscope already had demonstrated its worth. In tests, during which enlargements were made up to
25.000	diameters, the $18,000 device disclosed why streptococci have always been seen in chain formation, like beads on a string, and it revealed for the first time how threadlike growths connect each individual organism with its neighbor.
V
4 50 53 87 these
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given that the undermentioned LANDS and TENEMENTS have been seized, and will be sold at the respective times and places mentioned below.
Canada
Province of Quebec District of Pontiac No. 4796
\
x
•hone 64-Je
S
X
8
v
$10 95 4 50 12 00 30 45 129 59 Carried.
Motion, Crs, Farrell and Martineau, that this Council grant $10.00 to be pended under the supervision of Geo. Steele, road foreman, to be spent draging the 7th concession by a tuck.— Carried,
Motion—Crs Martineau and Farrell, that Rural Inspector M. Joannissee be instructed to lay out a winter road for Arthur Pellerin to have wood and logs from Lot 25, Range 10 to pablic road Lot 28, Onslow North and Masham Townline,—Carried,
Motion, Crs Farrell and Martineau, that this Council adjourn until December 2nd, 1940, at one o’clock in the afternoon.—Carried.
for
SUPERIOR COURT
ESTABLISHED 1883
John A. Dean, Se>Treas
Donat Leguerrierk, practising No* of the place called Campbell’s
ex
tary,	.	#
Ray, district of Pontiac, plaintiff ; vs.
Ambroise Leclair, farmer, of the Township of Mansfield, district of Pontiac, and Dame Elizabeth widow of the late Clement Lelair, sr# in his lifetime farmer, of the sAne place, defendants.
Lots five-one and five-two (5-1 and 5-2) of the fourth range of the township of Mansfield, cadastre thereof, and lot three (3) in the sixth range of the cadastre, same township, with the buildings thereon erected.
To be sold at the Registrar’s Office for the County of Pontiac, in the village nf Campbell’s Bay, on the third day of December, 1940, at ten of the clock in the forenoon.
COACH
INVALID

Bristol Council
GEORGE HYNES & SON
VlL LEM A RIE,
Nov. 1, 1940
Directors of Funeral Service
Regular meeting of the Municipal Council of the township of Bristol held above date, present Mayor McLellan and a full board of Councillors.
The minutes of the last regular meeting were read and on motion of Duff aud Orr were adopted.
The process verbal of the road leading from the front road to Ross point was read. Cr. Henderson made a verbal statement that Wm. Kilroy has documents to prove this road belongs to him. Motion by Beattie and Orr that action be deffered until Cr. Henderson interview Mr Kilroy, and, if -possible secure the loan of the above mentioned documents for next meeting.—Carried
A complaint came to the board re. water lyiug on the road between lots 4 and 5, Rauge 8. This matter was left with Cr. Orr and the road foreman.
A letter was read from Thos. Telford re. brush on the road on Concession 7. This matter was left with Cr. Beattie.
A report was read re. auctioning of road at Norway Bay, also agreement re. work : Motion by Fitzsimmons and Henderson that this report be accepted. —Carried.
Letters were read from Mrs. Joseph Manary and from the Department of Pnblic Health, The Sec-Treas was instructed to answer this letter.
Motion by Henderson and Fitzsimons that the expenditure of $434.25 on the Mckee—Wierstead Road be accepted and approved.—Carried.
It is moved by Cr. Orr, seconded by Cr. Beattie, and resolved : That this Corporation requests the Government of toe Province of Quebec to maintain and repair in the future, at its own expense. in conformity with the Roads Act, the following improved roads. Viz :
Gravel—7100 ft.
on
Shawville, Que.
Phone 83
Andrew Farrell, Sec-Treas.
ASTRAY
DOMINIC SLOAN.
Burglars Know When
Stay home around nine o'clock in the evening if you don't want your house entered by a burglar This is the advice of an insurance company which recently made a survey as to what part of the day the most burglaries occur
The survey disclosed that the hours between 8 and 12 midnight the busiest for hnuce thieves, with 9 p. m. the most popular hour.
Burglars, no doubt, are familiar with that fact that most people leave their homes around nine o’clock to go to a movie, or to visit friends, or play bridge—and do not return until midnight
Safety for Bike Riders
Until recently very little attention was paid to safeguarding and educating cyclists but with an ever-increasing toll of fatal accidents occurring to bicycle riders, automobile clubs in many cities are campaigning to cut down these accidents.
Some of the safety rules suggested by these organizations include the following:
Ride in a straight line and do not change direction suddenly; keep close to the right side of the roadway; obey officers, stop and go signals and stop signs as motorists do; ride in single file on busy streets and never more than two abreast an any street; avoid riding too fast an hills and slippery or rough roads.
Never hitch on to moving vehicle; never carry anyone on the handlebars; cross all street car and railroad tracks at right angles; ke«tp the bicycle in good operating condition with a suitable boll and an effective brake, and for night driving have a properly operating headlight and a taillight or good reflector; be sure seat and handlebars are properly adjusted. Wearing light or white clothing at night will help prevent accidents.
One black and white (mostly black) heifer, 1$ year old garding whereabouts thankfully re ccived by
Sheriff
Sheriff’s Office,
Campbell’s Bay, October 28th, 1940. [First pubication, November 2nd, 1940^
Information re
WM. G. CORRIGAN, IV 2, Shawville, Que.
Phone 18—14
~ -	or Wounds,
Says it raska Paysicia
.npp.es may nave been dealt blow by the European war. a ¦ krupt nat.ons can't afford fru >i their people, but the apple :i uhtrv can well restrain its tears a aiding to Dr James E. M r.umson, Nebraska surgeon \t a recent convent on of thr
Medical assoc a lion it. the surgeon d.scusseu pectin therapy," an essence the' alls Pectin, he said, is indicate, n treating compound fractuies anr all superficial open wounds and may rove to be valuable in treating wai wounds.
Other authorities advocate its use in dressing poison gas burns, shrapnel wounds and shell fractures Housewives have found that when some other fruit juice won’t achieve the consistency they desire in thcii jellymaking operations, apples will provide the essence in abundance.
t
are
Bush Lots Fop Sale
Offers will be received ft r south half of Lots 1 and 2, Range 7, in the Township of Onslow. 215 acres more or less. A good stand of timber and wood.
Apply to
W. F. PRITCHARD,
Wyman, Que
• encan w York
Horatius and Br'dçe Contrary to legend, Horatius never defended the bridge story manufactured bv the same Roman historian who put forth that >ther fabrication of history that Vfucius Sc a e vola put his hand in he fire.
It was a
NOTICE
Philadelphia Lawyer
Needed for Radio License
If you ever get the idea that you would like to get a license from the government to operate a radio station—don’t do it—unless you are prepared to answer hundreds of questions, intimate ones and other kinds and be prepared to place on exhibit scores of confidential papers ranging from your birth certificate to when your Aunt Mamie had her last operation. The Federal Communications commission requires the applicants to fill out a 41-page questionnaire.
If you or your wife has ever received a parking tag. you must so state; you must answer the question as to whether you or any person identified with the proposed radio station has ever been sued or any proceedings brought against you.
Was your dog ever picked up by a cop for letting him run loose? Are you divorced and if so, attach a copy of the divorce decree together with a complete record of the status of all your alimony payments. Other questions include “from what source did the fund for this investment come? what kind of programs are to be broadcast and how many sustaining programs will you have?"
According to one writer, the questionnaire appears to have been confected by a genius with a high sense of responsibility but who was not everlooking any bets.
To WHOM IT MAY CONCERN
I hereby give notice that I will not be responsible for any debts contracted in my name without my permission.
JOSEPH BELANGER, Campbell’s Bay, Que.
Predict Drouths
Prediction that the worst drouths in 20 centuries are about to start has been made.
The evidence for them is in the ..trata of rocks, which are easily <een layers, one over the other, in what are called sedimentary rocks.
The report was made by Halbert R. Gillette, of Chicago. These rock layers were once mud and sand, which in time were pressed into rock.
Each layer depended for its thick-Mr. Gillette claims, on rainfall. Thick layers depict lush cycles, thin ones drouths.
The rock layers resemble the tree rings and the layers of clay known js varves, both of which have been ised by scientists to make reliable jnd proven predictions about recurrence of weather cycles.
However, tree rings and clay varves cover only a few centuries of the past at most. Mr. Gillette declares that the rock layers are a permanent record of the earth’s whole ,%st since rain first descended.
Studying them for the last 15 years, and checking them against what is known of tree rings and clay varves, he finds many cycles, tome long, others short. Dry cycles, he says, are now about to superimpose.
McKee—Wierstead —Carried.
Motion by Beattie and McNeill that the Sec-Treas. secure deeds for the t wo properties that the Municipality has purchased at the land sales.—Carried
Letters were road from Mrs Anne Tucker re. land repaired for road purposes on Lot 10, Range 1.
A delegation from Sonth-Onslow visited the Board re. the Bristol-South Onslow Townline : Lengthy discussion took place on same. Motion by McNeil and Duff that the mayor and Ora. Fitzirnmons and Henderson be appointed a committee to divide the Townline, with South Onslow Council to have their choice of ends.—Carried.
Motion by Henderson and Orr that Alex Chabot be appointed road foreman of Division No. 12.—Carried.
Motion by Henderson and Fraser that all road foremen be notified to lay out their winter roads before Dec. 1st, 1940. —Carried.
Motion by Beattie and Duff that the Board purchase 2000 ft. of snow fence and 130 steel posts.—Carried.
Motion by Henderson and Orr that the following bills be approved aim
Nov, 21st, 1940
FOR SERVICE
Natural Resources
Science has merely scratched the surface so far in utilizing natural sources, according to Watson Davis, director of Science Service. He suggests that the government lend part of its gold accumulation to be used in studying atomic breakdown. It is his belief that an investigation should be made in the utilization of natural resources, from commercial production of diamonds, to obtaining power from the breaking down of atoms.
Dental Bridges Ancient
Many people have thought that the
1 crowns and was introduced to man-
For Service—Yorkshire purebred hog Apply to Russell Elliott, Charteris
Phone 30—31.
making of dental
“bridges" ____
kind by an American, but in various
of ancient Greece and Rome are to be seen excellent examples of gold bridges and artificial teeth, such as were probably used by the plutocracy, if not by the aristocracy, of those early days.
The ancient Etruscans appear to have been highly skilled in dentistry and many specimens have been found in tombs in Eturia of gold dental bridges and similar appli-em played to replace lost teeth. In the villa of Pope Julius III in Rome, now used as an Etruscan museum, is to be seen an excellent specimen of a gold dental bridge in actual position in a skull which was found in an Etruscan comb at Civita Castellana, a town in Eruria formerly known as Falerii.
Crown and bridge work was again “invented" in the United States in
Yorkshire Boar, young imported. Service fee $1 00.
Apply to
Purebred
museums
Bert Hodginh, Shawville, Que
ness
Purebred Tamworth Hog, Service
Fee $1 00. Apply to
Kenneth Pi bib,
R. 1 Shawville, Que,
Bad Pickers
Jack Dempsey, when he was heavyweight champion of the world, picked Gene Tunney as an opponent, instead of Harry Wills. Sharkey proved Dempsey could have flattened Wills. He lost his championship to Tunney. Spencer Tracy never has been happy with any role given to him. He is certain always that the role is bad. If M.-G.-M. »ver heard Tracy say that he liked i part, they’d call off the picture.
ances
Service
Registered Yorkshire Hog fee $ 1.00. Apply to
Herb. Mitchem, Hodgins. Que
Pure bred Yorkshire Hog, Service fee $1.00,
Samuel Knox, McKee, Que
K1
Provincial Treasurer
Insane Bill...........
Gatineau Power Company..
he sixties
$223 77 130 66
###PAGE###4###
Honoured
ItflTlT





.

NOVEMBER BARGAINS!
mm
On Friday evening, Nov. 1st,
the friends, neighbours, members of Radford Ladies' Aid and the United Church congregation met at the home of Mr and .Mrs. Lome
A r met tong,
Muriel Armstrong, whose marriage took place Nov. 7th.
Upon the arrival of Miss Armstrong she was ushered into the living room, and following a social time Miss Muriel Horner entered and stood beside the bride elect and read the following address : —
Dear Muriel We, your neighbours and friends, take this opportunity to tender you our best wishes for your future happiness in view of your ap preaching marriage.
We will miss you from our neighbourhood and especially from Church vices where for several years you performed duties as organist, thus contributing much to our worship services.
That these duties have been cheerfully and faithfully performed, often at the cost of much personal sacrifice, have enhanced their value and your going will eave a vacancy not easily tilled.
We will also miss your presence at the Aid, of which you have been a faithful member and worker, since your girlhood days.
We trust that as you make your new home you will speedily find Church home and carry on as you nave opportunity. We trust that the ex erience you have gained at home may be of service to you elsewhere.
We ask you to accept these gifts as tokens of our esteem and affection and _ hope that as you use them in your new hume that they will recall memories of old friends and happy days at Radford.	....
May God’s richest blessing be on
all future
MSSBftÿSgS
The Equity
;.y.
Bitabllibcd INN3
FUBlJflll*l> KVBHY THURSDAY AT
SIIAWVILLR, QUKBKC

in honour of Miss
FRESH FROM
CANADA'S WORLD FAMOUS ORCHARDS.
Colored and Patterned Marquisette
Very good quality dotted pastels and white ground ; also colored dots and figures on white
ground. November special at 19c per ya.
annual subscription
si.no
. 2.1)0
VS/*.
in (hi mid a
m
Anywhen To United States

These I>ig, rosy apples arc ripe
good en ting either fresh or cooked! Order a generous quantity jt’Sfc. from your fruit market TO-DAY.
Marketing Service
'’MfBL	DOMINION
DFVARTMF.NT OF AGMCIiLTVRK,
OTTAWA
I'	Ilonou ruble
W Jamro G. Gardiner,
Minister
\|1 erreur» must, he paid in full before any p iper i* discontinue
and clvlirions
Grey Cotton Special
Better quality grey cotton featuring a smooth, satin-like finish, 36 inches wide.
*/
w. c. COWAN. IMim.ISIIKK
i
Only 10c per yard
Rich Deposits in Alaska
Still, Scientists Think
The word “Klondike” has become synonymous in the public mind with such wealth-descriptive words as Midas and Croesus. No one really knows who discovered the first gold there, and the world first heard about it when the steamer, Excelsior, came into San Francisco harbor with $750,000 in gold in her hold. The city went wild—but forgot all about that when four days later the wooden steamer, Portland, steamed into the same port with a $2,000,000 cargo of gold I
The name “Klondike” derives from the Klondike river, a tributary of the Yukon, which flows through the Yukon territory in central Alaska and northwest Canada. “Klondike” is an Indian word, meaning “a river of fish.”
! While the Klondike gold lasted, lots in the business district of Dawson City, Alaska, sold for $1,000 per front folTt. Lumber was $250 per thousand board feet. Nails were $5 a pound. Despite this spectacular beginning, Dawson City today has a population of less than 1,000—in other words, it is not much more than a large village.
Food was held in high premium in Klondike days. Ham and eggs were $2.50 an order. Black coffee sold at 25 cents a cup; with cream, it was 50 cents. Soup cost “one buck a bowl.” Champagne was $20 a pint. A “special” was beans—$1 a plate. The rule at all the eating-houses was “No gold, no grub.” ¦
According to popular belief, the gold resources of Alaska have for the most part been exhausted. But a great many scientists believe that rich deposits of copper and other minerals remain to be discovered in the Alaskan interior.
ser
XJl
Ihetf'Ju GOOD and GOOD FOR YOU
Lustrous Finish Velveteen
Extra fine quality velveteen. ,, Colors —navy,
, black and brown, 36 inches wide.
November special, 55c per y&iu
green, wine
m-
ivX-
Reversible Wool Smyrna Rugs
A truly outstanding special in first grade all wool reveisible W»	M $5.65
The Hedging Lumber Go.
a new
Wool Gloves
P!,i„ and fancy wool
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
we
Army Flannelette Work Shirts
An excellent value in medium-weight army flannelette work .him in Sabine.gg.
kir
your marriage and bring you
happiness.
Signed on behalf of your neighbours, friends and fellow wot ken in the
Church.
Doeskin Work Shirts
Made of high quality “Abitibi’’ heavy doeskin in brightly colored clerks. Full cut. triple stitched open front style, double yoke, two
brea t pockets
Mrs. Gordon Richardson, Mrs. Lome Armstrong,
Mrs. Harry Hobbs,
Mrs. Walter Moffatt, Kenneth Brownlee,
Clinton Palmer,
The Misses Lois Laughren, Eleanor Horner and Gertrude Whalen made the presentation which included a mantle clock from the friend and neighbours ; a silver bread tray from the congregation organist, and a pyrex casserole, ilver stand, from tbe Ladies
Phone 27
November special, $1.39
THE HODGINS LUMBER COMPANY
Mens’ Work Sweaters
Dark brown heather, assorted sizes.	_Q
November special, Spi.ow
Quebec
Shawville,
rt-
111 s
Aid	,
Miss Armstrong, very much taken by miii prise, thanked all in befitting terms.
The lenminder of the evening was spent in music, after which dainty refreshments were served.
Boys’ Fancy Brushed Wool Sweaters
Colors, blue and green, with zipper,	Q
November special, «pl.oy
Less German Studied
educators generally
Cemetery Memorials
Girls’ Fancy Brushed Wool Sweaters Colors, wine and royal$1.49
American have assumed that Nazi Germany has had few supporters among U. S. students. Recently figures showing the enrollment of New York city high school students in foreign language courses indicated this opinion was well founded. The figures r»ve*1»d that for the sixth consecutive year—ever since Adolf Hitler rose to power in Germany—the number of students of German had declined. In fact, during the last six years enrollment in German classes has decreased 50 per cent—from 22 550 in 1934 to 11,517 this year.
Officials of the city school system’s foreign language department pointed out that during the World war—another period when Germany was generally disliked in the United States—a similar situation had developed. In 1917, 23,898 out of 62.000 high school students were studying German. But by 1920, the number studying German had plummeted down to a mere 60, the lowest ever recorded.

In Memoriam
McDowell—In loving memory of dear husband and father, Thoa. E. McDowell, who entered into rest November 24, 1939.
He sleeps in God’s beautiful garden,
In the sunshine of heavenly peace ; Midst the sweetest of treasured memories,
And love that will never cease.
Wife and Family,
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble
our
Boys’ Fancy Windbreakers
Fancy checks and plain colors.
Get Our Prices Before Buying Elsewhere
$1.98 to $2 25
A large and distinctive Stock to choose from
Phone, 278
Men’s All Wool Windbreakers a:—' Ch00SC From	up.
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
Laughren—In loving memory of my dear mother, Mrs W. H Laughren, who died November 20, 1939,
One year has passed, my heart still sore, As time goes on I miss her more ;
Loving and kind in all her ways,
Sweet and true to the end of har days.
One precious to my heart is gone,
A voice I loved is stilled ;
A place made vacant in my home Which never can be filled.
Son, Asa Laughren
Grocery Specials
25c
MacLean’s
Ttn Bars Castila Soap ................................
Arctic Dubbin, guaranteed to waterproof leather. ..
Mixed Biscuits, two pounds............................
Giant-six Box Soap Chips .............................
ijhirriff’s Fruit Pudding, a real treat ..............
resh-ground Coffee, per pound ......................
15c
RED & WHITE STORE
•29c

25c
Fish Fly
Literally speaking, even fish have the air. Last year, thou-
MgCorriston—In loving memory of uur dear husband and father, John McCorriston, who died Nov. 18. 1939.
We loved him, yes ! we loved him ;
Bnt Jesus loved him more,
And He has sweetly called him, j To yonder shining shore.
The golden gates were open,
| A gentle voice said come,
And with farewell’s unspoken Father calmly entered home.
25c
Saves"
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer
taken to	....
sands of fish traveled by plane to
their new homes in the Sawtooth mountain range in Idaho, it was recently reported by the bureau of fish-
39c
b
10c
per pound
Lard,
Peanut Butter, 2 pounds Pork and Beans, sand baked Tomatoes, large, 2 tins Libby’s Tomato Juice, gallon Soup Peas, 4 pounds Corn Meal, package Quaker Cornflakes, 3 pakg’s Mixed Biscuits, fresh 2 lbs.
Smoked Bacon, sliced, per lb.
Cocoa Bulk, package
Red & White Baking Powder pk. 25c
OIThey rode in specially constructed cockpit tanks, aerated by windmills. These thousands of fish bailed out reaching the lakes, which accessible, in an unusual stocking riment carried on under the na
25c
are in
12c
a
on
Lovingly,
25c
Wife and Family
expe
tionol conservation program
39c
Reducing Weight
Women, here is your chance for slimming without much trouble or expense, according to the advice given to girls in Finland. When climbing stairs always take two or three at a time; tear a newspaper into small bits and throw them all the room, then pick them up
25c
Christmas Photos
At the same pre-war prices
New 1941 Model
Cub
Candid
Camera
81.00 Value
For only
15 Cents and one cartoon
From any Pepsodent
Product
5c
>»
it
21=
25=
i
over
without bending your knees; keep about while drying yourself
I
29=
moving
after the morning shower, and last, when getting up from an easy chair, without holding onto the chair Do this ten times in succès-
Our SPECIAL CHRISTMAS OFFER Two Extra Photos with each dozen
Plus Provincial Tax of Two per cent. Many up-to-date Folders to choose from
15=
I
arise arms sion
Pictures Neglected
Two Cigarettes in the Dark, Isle of Capri, The Last Roundup, Underneath the Harlem Moon and Just a .
I Gigolo all were neglected for years QRq Tho fJeW WâSlWrS ür by Tin Pan Alley music publishers. 1 Si m G. M. eliminated Blue Moon from P l a flicker on the grounds it was a : ! ' bad song De Svlva. Brown and Henderson refused to put their
the title sheets of Sonny
H. IMISON
PHOTO ARTIST
Raw Furs Wanted
I wish to announce to the public that I am in the market for all kinds of Seasonable Raw Fur and assure highest market prices.
Why not deal in that old w ishing machine for a new one.'l A fair allowance made on old machines. New ones priced as low as $69.95.
CLIFFORD CONE,
Agent for Gilson Snow Bird Washers Centre St., Sh*wviHe.
All finishing done Enlargements, all
Amateur finishing a Specialty, on Velox double weight paper eliee and colored, it required
i
THE CORNER STORE
NORRIS R. HORNER, Licensed Fur Dealer, Shawville, Que.
names on
Boy, because they were ashamed of I its weepy sentiment. The song sold * , 2,000,000 copies. Writers of Bei Mir Bist du Schoen sold it for $50

Estate Mrs. M. G. Howard
Main and CentreSte
QUE.
Phone, 43.
• HAWVILLE.
/
z
/
/
/

/
*
J

/
/
/
/
X
z

f
iZ
*
9
x
V
x
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
V
\
X
X
s
X
\
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
%
A

A


"A
A
A
A
a
A
A
i A
a
a
a
a
A i
A
A
A
a
A1
A
a
A
a
a
A
A
A
-At
At
A*

%
*
"9
A
A
K



•j



ei «I ê »
» â J j> é * ê

\
\
V

V
SERVE
A OPUS DAItV
AND
VOU SERVE 1 Y0UP COUNTRY
TOO
1
1

•'ixixiyzizi
###PAGE###5###
n
First Air Gunners Trained in Canada
Australia Boasts Population Increase
-arm Notes..
statistics released the middle of October.
It is fifteen years since the population reached the 6,000,000 mark, and at the present rate of increase it is estimated It will take thirteen years to reach the 8,000,000 mark. *
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON


iÜ


“Ladies and gentlemen.", said June 30 was 7,031,000, an increase of 33,833 since the beginning of the . year, according to
* l
Balance Manure With Phosphate
(By B. Leslie Emslie)


m






LESSON VI
.THE GOLDEN RULE (Armistice Sunday).—Luke 6 PRINTED TEXT, Luke 6: 27-38. GOLDEN TEXT—“As ye would that men should do to you, do ye also to them likewise.* Luke 6: 31. THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time.—All the events of this chapter occurred in the early summer of A.D. 28.
Place.—The plucking of grain occurred near the city of Capernaum; the heeding of the man with the withered hand occurred In Galilee, though we do not know exactly where. The choice ol the Twelve and the Sermon on the Mount both occurred near Capernaum.
This lesson speaks primarily of personal enemies. We are living in a time when the hearts of men are being made sour and corrupt by brooding over what they think are crimes of other peoples until the whole life is filled with bitterness. Such a stream of pollution can be washed out only the life of which Christ here speaks.
At the very beginning of this lesson we have clearly revealed the mysterious and yet continually emphasized fact that men in Palestine, for the most part, and especially those high in religious circles among the Hebrew people, not only did not sympathize with the work and teachings of Christ, but did everything they could to find fault with the ministry of the Master, to oppose him, and to bring the disapproval of others ui
Emphasis On Levs In this sixth chapter of Luke we have Christ teaching the true meaning of the Sabbath in relation to mt*n; choosing the twelve disciples ; revealing the characteristics of a life which God can fully approve. After Jesus had chosen the twelve apostles on the summit of the mountain where he had spent the night, ha descended to a level place on the mountain-side, and there met the multitude and delivered the sermon which holds first place among all the discourses in the world. It this address is the same as the Sermon on the Mount, (found In Matthew), it is to be noted that each account begins with the main body of the discourse, differs only in the aspect of truth emphasized by the two writers. In Matthew the essence of the Christian life is described as true righteousness in distinction from the formalism of the Pharisee. In Luke the essence of righteousness is found in love. Matthew was wilting with Jewish Christians in mind. Luke was writing for the world.
Five-Fold Way of Love Luke 6: 27. But I say unto you that hear, Love your enemies, do good to them that hate you,
28. Bless them that curse you, pray for them that despdtefully use


j This Curious World j
*


I Superphosphate forms the base I of nearly all commercial fertiliz-I er mixtures and supplies the I much needed phosphorus in which j most soils are naturally deficient. I Turnips and corn are heavy I phosphate feeders and when givI en a fairly liberal application of I manure may require only super-I phosphate as a supplement. Farm! yard manure contains notable I amounts of nitrogen and potash but very little phosphorus, for the reason that animals retain and utilize this subsanee in the building of their bony structure, and phosphorus is also an important constituent cf milk and muscle.
Superphosphate in Stable Inspecting a series of turn.p plots on the Dominion Experimental Farm, Nappan, N.S., during a field day in September, visitors were told by Mr. Smith Hilton that 100 lbs. of 20% perphosphate is worth one ton of turnips, meaning that with the addition of 500 lbs. of superphosphate per acre the yield was increased by five tons over manure alone. On this occasion a shrewd farmer from Pictou County stepped forward and stated his conviction that the proper place to start the use of superphosphate is in the stable.
Now, this farmer was not talking through his hat but knew whereof he spoke, having like many others proved the merits of granular superphosphate in the stable. The practice has been preached for years but may be new to some. It consists of spreading the phosphate in and on both sides of the gutter, at the rate of one or one and a half pounds per animal per day, after cleaning out the stable.
The superphosphate, when used in this

1



¦
*
-fi
A

m

is not a
CHESTNUT; GRAPEFRUIT IS NOT RELATED 70 GRAPES;


%
m
t
;
ÏA

IS NOT A

a LILIES ARE NOT Pjj LIUES . A PINE* * j APPLE is NETHER U A PINE NOR





1
J ASPARAGUS jjf FERN IS NOr A-
¦	FERN, AND
¦	A LU GATOR.
FI PEARS. HAVE BJ NO AFFINITY a WITH EITHER SI PEARS OR ALLIGATORS.
su-
•Xn
Î


4*
A
n
¦

REQUIRES ABOUT AN HOUR TO EAT ENOUGH GRASS. AND REGRIND IT SUITABLE FOR ASSIMILATION I TO PRODUCE I


*
:



gifc
him.

O
I
I 6
'

OF AMLAf.
: #%.
.
COW. 193# IV NEA SEAVICE. I4C.


i-n

%

COMMON names are very misleading in the plarit woVld. Dog. wood is one thing in North America, but in England it is an entirely different plant, and still another in the tropics. Although some of the Latin names are difficult to pronounce, they are exact They classify a plant as well as name it

way, performs several functions. Not only does it add the phosphorus which ordinary manure lacks but absorbs and holds
NEXT: How quickly can a cat right itsd/ when dropped upsid* down?
what measure ye meet it shall be measured to you again. Here we have a further development of the principle of Christian love. It Is only those who can see the boundless possibilities in their fellow men who can be moral leaders or teachers. He who does not look with love cannot see faults blind our consciences until we do not see them at all. Jesus’
admonition to us is to proceed to conquer our own faults first.
In all his teachings Christ is seeking to get at the character of men. Of course he continually talks about conduct, but he never fails
to emphasize the truth, one way
or another, that conduct Is only
the natural, Inevitable outcome of
character.
valuable nitrogen that would otherwise be lost, thus enriching the these plant food substances. Further, phosphate in the stable, shed, pen or poultry house reduces flies, absorbs malodorous gases and disinfects the premises.


'
EMINENT REFORMER
manure in both


HORIZONTAL
Answer to Previous Poule
_____________	17 Clay deposit
1 Head of the ELEIXlAJNIBlRlH fïïi ilMIAIgl 18 Sun go*.
17Grinding	iiour-c-MI	|f 1 fcO I 28 Aquatic bird.
21 Hops kiln.	—BS-jUtiB I ¦Lp-V L EjSLZ 34 Funeral song.
„„ mammal. 49 Puddle. • VERTICAL value.
24 Hn„rUrrehv., t 50 Indigo.	2 Spanish 39 Fuses metal.
32	Poppy drug.	of the	5	Grain.	43 Completed.
33	You and I,	Salvation	g a noose.	45 Demonstrative
« **rt; v ,	Amy-	7	Insertion.
38 Dispatched. 54 She is an	g Close.
«	..	exceptional 9 Exclamation.
38 Affirmative ------- or	10 Eyes
^ot^-	po speaker (pi.). 11 Olive shrub.
«rain.	trainer.	songs.	55 Senflfr.
Our own


IDIfl
More Pork, Veal Less Beef Eaten
IflHl


V
RADIO REPORTER
<1
m
By DAVE ROBBINS
In Canada During 1939 — Increase In Total Meat Consumption Here Last Year Was Two Per Cent
Canadian Musicians
One of the better programs offered by the CBC, Serenade for Strings, will feature the charming vocalist Ana Malenfant this Winter. The Serenade program is heard on the CBC network each Wednesday evening at 8.80 (daylight), when Jean Deslauriers, French-Canada's youngest maestro directs. In Deslauriers 17-piece string ensemble are such outstanding artists as Maurice Onderet, concert master of the Montreal orchestra, Lucien Robert, Madame Lasalle - Leduc and Roland Leduc these musicians being members of the nationally-known Jean Lallemand string quartet.
With îhis outstanding musical group, and the vocal offering of Mlle. Malenfant, Serenade for Strings will be one of the outstanding classic programs on the air this season.
Headlines program each weekday evening at 7.15.


Around The Dial
Katharine Cornell, one of the greatest actresses of the American stage, makes her radio debut on Sunday, November 10th, when the mutual chain presents the Red Cross Roll Call, nell has decided to break her rule against appearing on air shows, for a good reason reason is the Red Cross. The talented actress will appear on a program which will also include Leopold Stokowski, Clifton Fadi-man and other big names raise funds for the greatest humanitarian organization on earth.
This will be a show you will enjoy.
Consumption of meats in Canada in 1039 per head of population is officailly estimated at
an increase of more
you.
29. To him that smiteth the® on the one cheek offer also the other; and from him that taketh away thy cloak withhold not thy coat also.
118.9 lb., than two lb. per head over the 1938 consumption. With reference to individual commodities, more pork, veal and lard and less beef were consumed in 1939 than in 1938.
Miss Cor-
30.	Give to every one that asketh thee; and of him that taketh away thy goods ask them not again.
31.	And ua yet would that men should do to you, do ye also to them likewise.
32.	And If ye love them that love you, what thank have ye? for even winners love those that love them.
33.	And If ye do good to them that do good to you, what thank have ye? for even sinners do the same.
34.	And If ye lend to them of whom ye hope to receive, what thank have ye? even sinner# lend to sinners, to receive again as much.
35.	But love your enemies, and do them good, and lend, never de: spalrlng; and your reward shall be
• great, and ye shall be sons of the Most High: for he is kind toward the unthankful and evil.
This law or principle of Christian love 1# enforced in a fivefold Wky: first, Jesus gives various striking modes In which this love manifests Itself (vs. 27-30); he then shows what common definition can be gathered from these instances ' (T. 31), and how this love Is distinct from other kinds (vs. 32-35); he explains that It is a love akiu to God's way of loving (vs. 32-35); to God’s w»y of loving (vs. 35, 36); and lastly, he shows that this principle of love should influence all our judgments. "Love * here denotes the love full of intelligence, com prehension, an corresponding pur pose; It sees all the malevolence and wickedness of the enemy, feels his stab» and blows, but tills only fills the loving heart with the one desire and aim to free its enemy from his hate, to rescue him from b*e sin, and to save his soul.
The Measure of Men 16. Be ys merciful, even ls your Father is merciful. 17. And Judge not. and ys shall not be Judged: and condemn not, and ye shall not be condemned:	release, and ye
shall not bt released; S3, give, and II shall be given unto to you; good assure, pressed down, shaken together, running over, shall they #iv# isnto your bosom. For with
pronoun.
and that
The consumption of mutton and lamb remained unchanged. The consumption of pork per head of population in 1939 is placed at 52 lb., crease of 4.2 lb. on the previous year; veal‘consumption rose from 11.8 lb. in 1938 to 12.1 lb. per head in 1939, and lard at 5.8 lb. per head showed an increase of nearly 1% lb. over 1938.
consumption
from 51.6 lb. per head of population in 1938 to 49 lb. per head in 1939. Although the total output of cattle in Canada in 1939 showed an increase over that of 1938, exports of cattle during 1939 were almost double those of 1938.
46	Polynesian chestnut.
47	Particle.
48	Existed. •

I
i
all*four of
an in-
to
Ait '


7
I

5
Wes McKnight, one of eastern Canada’s best sportscasters, wiil be back on his Saturday night spot
about the rugby and hockey prospects. This is a spot all the sport
fans should make a point to hear.
#
Trivia: Chico Marx (of the screwball Marx brothers) is forming his own orchestra . . . The Jad who invented the submarine engine was on the radio the other day
vented it . . . The Duchess of Windsor turned down a hundred thousand dollars to appear on a soap program . . . Dinah Shore is one of the outstanding entertainers on the Eddie Cantor show . . . Broadcasting the world series cost that razor company a quarter million — dough ain’t hay!
Beef
declined
119
at 7.15
to tell the folks
3
News Services
The news service being offered from CROC now to Canadian listeners is considered by many the best in the country. The regular daily newscasts heard at 6.15 and 7.45 each morning
%
4
9
26 27
9
31
The consumption of mutton and lamb at 5.8 lb. per head of population was the same 1938, which in turn was one lb. less than in 1937. It is expected, says the official report, that during the next three or four years consumption of beef will continue to decline. While the numbers of cattle are continuing to increase on Canadian farms, the present tendency is
from market for the purpose of building up herds. Pork consumption during 1940 will probably be even greater than in 1939.

3

tail
as m
12.15 noon —and 6.15 and 10.45 each evening, are now augmented by the BBC news at 6.45 p.m. every day but Sunday. Then, too, the BBC Newsreel is heard from CROC every night except Saturday at 11.30.
he says he’s sorry he in-

11 M2
43
In addition to this excellent news service, CROC offers the well-known commentator lessor E. T. Salmon — heard in his News Behind the
to withhold stock
Pro-
who is
and that kinda
POP — Snappy Returns
By J. MILLAR WATT
DOES POP REMEMBER THE ANNIVERSARY OF YOUR
t*. WEDDING
/Tr day o
wo!

SO I REMIND HIM ABOUT THREE TIMES
A YEAR
•AMO GET A PRESENT E ACM TIME
I
f?
n
i
\

1/
ft

X .
fz
I
%rs
u
Jl-17
"j k/ Tn )1'1|	lu |
###PAGE###6###
Bibliothèque et Archives nationales
E9 E9 Q E3
Québec
The Equity
Pages 7 à 8 manquantes
