###PAGE###1###
$1.50 pep annum In Advance 2.00 to the UnitcdStates
I
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE , THURSDAY, MARCH 7. 1940
No. 37, 57tu Year
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer
The finest/and most
Attend a
PERSONAL MENTION
MARRIED
To Our Subscribers
Shawville Hardware
Mr w. Donald Maker % Mted reinlives and friends in Ottawa during the past week.
Miss i va Cowan is visiting at the home of her brother, Mr. Clarke Cowan, in Toronto, this week.
Mr. Charlie Saunders of the Royal Navy, Ottawa, spent the week-end with friends in this district.	»
Mrs. Dwight McDowell and little son, Neil, returned Saturday after a two weeks' visit with relatives
in Ottawa.
Harwood Argue, RC.A.M.C, of Ottawa, spent the week end at the home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Argue.
Pte. Ned Stark, Cameron High landers, Ottawa, was a week-end guest at the florae of his mother, Mrs. Stewart Stark, at Stark's Corners,
Pte Gilbert L. Young, of the Cahieron Highlanders, Ottawa, and-Mrs. Young, were week end guests of the former's mother, Mrs. Edna Young, in town.
Latbbr-Sharpb
Mi*s Louisa Sharpe, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. Sharpe, of Hamburg. N. J , became the bride of Mr. John La tee r, jr., son of Mr. and Mrs. John La tee r. sr., of Hamburg. N. J , on Saturday evening, | Feb'y 24th. Rev. H J. Allsup, pastor of the Presbyte:inn Church, Franklin, N J.. officiated.
The bride was attended by the groom's sister, Mi ¦». Sam Hutto, of Sussex. N. J., and Mr. Ernest W. Sharpe, brother of the bride was bestman.
A wedding dinner was served Sunday at the home of the bride’s parents.
It would be a great favour to us if our subscribers would kindly look at the date label on their papers and, il they are in arrears or dated further back than 19*39, send us the price of the time due Unfor unately, paper, ink and wages have to be paid for spot cash and if we do not get the money in. it is hard to pay it out. Look at the label on your paper and if any thing is due u«, please remit at once.

ike (famine
SHERWIN - WilI/AMS #	W
emi -lustre
118

9%


premises
modern in Ontario school with an established reputation. Open all year.
f,
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
W. E. COWLIHC President
Mixkd Dance — Under the auspices of Adina Rebekah Lodge, a mixed dance will be held in the Theatre Hal), Easter Monday night, March 23th. Good, music.
Refreshments served
SATIN • ENAMEL
The sensational washable satin titanic! tot walls, woodwork, furniture, etc, fid-ger marks, grease, ink attd othèTilalû wash off with soap and Water. #o na% a fbll selection of the lovèïy pastel shades.
JAMES A. MILLAR
DIED
B A. L. L.L -
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
c
El rapide Women’s Institute will meet at the home of Mrs. H. I. Smith on Wednesday afternoon.
ProRoll
After a short illness the death occurred at Pontiac Community Hospital, Shawville, Que., on Tuesday morning, March 5th, 1940, of Leonard Zimmerling, son of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Zim met ling, at the age of 13 years.
March 13th, at two o’clock — Election of Officers
gram
call—Payment of dues, and tell in an original poem how the Institute has benefited in the past year.
See our distinctive
Wall Papers
Shawville Women’s Institute will hold their annual meeting at the home of Mrs. Clifford Wilson on Monday evening, March lltli. at 7 30 o’clock. Roll call — “An Irish Recipe Mrs. Hulbert Armstrong will be the assisting hoste**
Mrs. James Riley Celebrates 90th Birthday
HARLAND G. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
On Saturday last, March 2nd, Mrs. James Riley, of Shaw ville, celebrated her 90th birthday. Many relatives and friends called at her home to extend best wishes and the aged lady was the recipient of several beautiful gifts.
The guests included a sifter, Mrs. E. Havlin and her niece, Mrs. Jack Frederick, both of We-tboro, Out.
Mrs. Riley, who is recovering from a cold, possesses all her facilities and attends to her own household duties.
She was bereaved a month ago bv the death of her husband.
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office— In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shawville. Que.
Y.P U. Take Services In Shawville United Church Circuit
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Second Shipment of Red Cross Work to be Forwarded Soon
Because of the illness of the Pastor, the services in the United Churches in the morning and afternoon were taken mos'tacceptably by Mr. Leslie Dean of Stark s Corners. At the evening service which was taken by the Y.P.U., in charge of Mr. John Tolhurst and Mr. Clarence Dean interesting missionary address on ••Building the Church in Korea , was ably given by Mr. Geo. Fades, who illustrated hie talk by a bo _ 5U colored slides of scenes in that country.
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
The second shipment of finished work will be forwarded toDttawa next week.
Units working with this branch and who desire to have any finish d work on hand included in this shipment, are hereby advised that the work should reach the Committee Room, by Tuesday evening. March 12th.
Rkv. T K. R Nursr
Secretary.
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
<
h very
DONAT Le GUERRIER
Mrs. Ross Swartz Honoured
ut
B.A., L.L.B,
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
A very pretty shower was given Tuesday evening in honour oI Mrs. Ross Swartz (nee Muriel Chamberlain) at the home of Mrs. Alfred Draper. The joint hostesses were Mrs. Draper and Mrs. Lind-( From Ottawa Journal )	say Armstrong. Mrs. Clifford
Ma notick district mourned the Wilson and Mrs. C. H. MacLean death of a beloved resident, Mrs. presided over the tea cups David Brown, when her funeral The room looked very attractive was held Tuesday afternoon, Feb. with pink and white streamers 27th, from her late residence to and bouquets of sweet peas and St. James’ Anglican Church. Rev. tulips.
L J. F. MacMorine conducted the Later the bride was presented service, assisted by Rev. H. A. with apsilvei tea service, drawn in Irwin of Metcalfe, and the choir, a very attractively decorated The body w** placed in Rideau- wagon by litr e Fay McDowell vale vault at Kars for interment and Ann Campbell in the Anglican cemetery in the Refreshments were served by Spiing.	the hostesses.
Chief mourners were her husband. and a nephew, Harry Mof-fatt, both at home; a biother,
Robert Sheppard, McKee, Bristol.
Que., and two sisters, Mrs. Barry Stevens, of Hamilton, and Mrs.
Thomas Shore, Shawville. Among the floral tributes leceived were pieces from the \V. A., Ladies’
Guild and Sunday School of St.
James’ Church, and Manotick
L. O. L.
Mrs. Brown's death at her home on Sunday came as a «-hock to many friends here and in Shaw ville district.
Born at Bristol 57 years ago, she was formerly Mabel Sheppard, daughter of the late William Sheppard and his wife, Eliza Jane Miller. She was a devout Chris,	tian, always helping someone in
ville nets, turned in a brilliant | the neighborhood. Her passing is performance, and team clicked on a ]os* not only to her immediate several good passing plays with family but to the community. She every player assisting in the point- settled on a farm heie after her getting. M. Pilkington scored marriage 34 years ago Aylmer's lone counter and played Be: of St. Janies’ Church, she was an outstanding game for his team.	interested in the W. A. for
The line-ups were:—	years and president this year.
Aylmer— Goal, G. Beaton ; tie- she was also secretary of the fence, T Brackens and C Sheahan; Ladies Guild and member of Man-centre, D. Sheahan ; wings, M. otick Women’s institute.
Pilkington and B. Smith ; subs,
M Smith, R. Kidder. D. Pink and D. Kelley.	„ .	.
Shawville—Goal, G. Kilgour ; defence, J. McLean and J Knox ; centre, W. Shore ; wings. R Hobin and I). Pokes ;.subs, R. Lynch, J Brough, K Hodgins, R. Findlay and E Garrety.
Referee—K Elliott, Shawville
Overseas Men Go To School
Passing is Regretted of Mrs. David Brown.
will call any
Branch at Quyon
Monday on request
Every opportunity will be given officers and soldiers of the C. A S P to avail themselves of educational facilities provided by the Canadian Legion War Services, Inc , and the Canadian Association for Adult Education with the stipulation. however, that their military duties must not be interfered with.
Courses are divided into two
those continuing
Matters dealt with byîcorrespondence
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT — BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-2219
Announcement
189 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’j Hotel, Campbell’s Bay
y Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p in.
At Pontiac Houses Shawville, every Tuesday from 5 00 to 8.00 p.m.
main groups normal education and leading to entry into university and those of vocational nature for civil life Courses are divided into periods of four weeks. At the end of each period credits arc given far permission to complete the course. Certificates of matriculation or proficiency will be given success ful candidates and will be kept in the Records Office of the Defence Department in Ottawa will be available on discharge
ever

Death of a Child
D. J. CAMBPELL
An Invitation to the Ladies of Shawville and surrounding district to attend a
Roy Thompson McCoriUton, horn in Clarendon, Que., on Nov 10. 1930, departed this life Feb. 27, 1940, at the Pontiac Community Hospital, Shawville. He was the only child of Mr. and Mrs. Walton T. McCorriston, of Wyman, Que.
He lived his short, but happy and pleasant life in Bristol township. attending the Elmside Intermediate School, and this present term at No. 3, Wyman, Miss V. Sutherland being his teacher. He always enjoyed ruddy boyhood health until December when he became ill.
The funeral service was held at the residence, Wyman, on Thursday at 2 p. m. Rev. C. Armstrong Sales, officiating, chose for his text. ’’Suffer the little children.” The boy’s favourite hymns, “Jesus Bids Us Shine,” and Jewels." were sung, and the duet “We Shall Sleep but not Forever.” was rendered by Mrs. Win. Murray and Mrs. J. A. Graham.
Interment was made at Norway Hay cemetery, the pall bearers being, Masters Eldon LeRoy, Willie Pirie, Nelson Roy and Lloyd Hudson.
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
They
Phone 3 I.
«
Shawville Students Defeat Aylmer High by 12 to 1
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Special Pre-Easter Fashion Event
Shawville student* handed out a 12 to 1 trouncing to the Aylmer High School in an exhibition hockey game played at Shawville Arena on Friday night.
The teams appeared to be evenly matched in mid-ice play, but Aylmer was very weak defensive-Gillie’ Kilgcur, in the Shaw-
Graduate of MeGill University
Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
'	Phone 19
At Campbell’s Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week
In Our Store
March 14th, 15th, 16th
iy
Several Manufacturers are sending us for these three days only, complete showings of the latest styles in medium priced Ladies
Dr. R E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
A mem
609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE PLATEAU 63 8 8
Hats - Coats - Dresses
Body of Gerald Davidson and Companions Found
St JuhnV, NHd., Mar. 3.— Three Quebec province men found dead in the Labrador woods after a plane crash apparently lived until Dec. 8, about three months after they became lost on a flight.
The day were marked off on the door of a cabin at which the bodies were found Wednesday, and the dates ran up to Dec. 8, according to word received here today from the Labrador interior A letter found beside the bodies, giving instructions for their dis position, was dated Nov. 20
There was no announcement here as to what would be the next step in bringing out the bodies of Pilot Joseph Fecteau. G. II. David son and J. C Cote. They remained at the cabin 13 miles from the out post of Little Harbor.
Authorities attempted to get in touch with Ranger J. Bragg at Hopedale, but he had started off into the timber to make an inves tigation on the spot.
The Mr. Davidsom mentioned is a member of the well-known Davidson family, who operate the large saw mille at Davidson, in Pontiac County.
Floral tributes were received from relatives and also from Knox United Church.
0%. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Don’t miss this opportunity to see what’s being shown for spring.
Government Receives More Contributions
In the course of a day last week voluntary contributions amounting to $1,378 were received by the Canadian Government in Ottawa Eight of these were from Japanese firms and associations in Vancouver and British Columbia. All contributors said they wanted to help the Government carry on War Effort successfully
Cobden Man Fatally Injured Jumping From Train
Fatally injured when he jumped from a moving train at Cobden early Saturday morning, Aloysius Ryan, aged 25, of that village, died the same afternoon following an operation in the Pembroke General Hospital.
It is stated that Ryan and two other young men had been in Pembroke Friday evening and jumped a train to return to their homes, riding on the engine tender. The train did not stop at Cobden and the three men jtimiwd. Two of them escaped uninjured, but Ryan fell heavily and suffered a badly mangled left leg and severe head injuries.
The injured man was attended at Cobden by Dr. J. E. Ritchie and Dr D. A MacKcrcher and was later taken to the Pembroke hospital where an operation was performed for the amputation of bis leg, from which he did not rally.
BELAIR 3 257
H. K. NEILSON, KI.D.
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
the
ONT
OTTAWA.
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
PHONE, 2-7961
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone OTTAWA. ONTARIO
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
»
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d

SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Quebec
Shawville
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular Eye Defects
| T.T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Reg. Optometrist

SHAWVILLE - QUE.
Reg. Optometrist

V

, -.V'i
»

, -V

xAA


n
###PAGE###2###
vear. Several new branches were formed, including Chelmsford in Sudbury district, Collingwcod township and Munitoulin.
After considerable discussion by the executive, Mr. Carroll said, it was decided to hold the international plowing match in 1940 despite the war.
plowing as usual
act, like the feet-washing in John 13: 4-20.
Await Lord Tweedsmuir’s Funeral Cortege
High State Dignitaries
and activity was not-
He Took A Cup
27. And he took a cup, and thanks, and gave to them, Drink ye all of it. This the third cup in the pas-










% <-



gave saying, cup was
chal meal—four cups of wine were drunk by everyone. The Lord partook of the third cup or “cup of blessing’' as the last part of the supper, and then proceeded to the institution of his supper by blessing the bread and giving the sacramental cup. 28. l'or this is my blood of the covenant, which is poured out for many unto remission of sins. Remission of sins means blotting out, or forgiveneses of sins. 29. Rut I say unto you, I shall not drink henceforth of this fruit of the vine, until that day when I drink it new with you in my Father’s kingdom. In less than twenty-four hours the Ix>rd's body would be in the tomb; but the Lord knew that, though he would be put to death, he was
over death.
There are three things we need to remember concerning the Lord's Supper. It is a commemoration; it is a communion — spiritual communion with Him; it is a covenant, pledging of loyalty to Him.
30. And when they had sung a hymn, they went out into the mount of Olives. (Hymn here, a song of praise).





a*
**

ing interest cd throughout the province

last



l
1

By William
Ferguson
World
MM
I This Curious

m

THERE IS
NO POWER.
BEING
exerted
TO KEEP THE
¦EARTH-
ROTATING ON ITS
axis/


r






m
victor

\
an oak tree
z^/A/. AT A POINT F1PTV
from the GROUND. ,

l
a
k.

means

r
rKï\ Wj
CÜOTHES-MOTH LARVAE tfl) (

s
FARM
NOTES
.
_____ ####
ifSfEsS@ssll5'Si





X




••
WEED CONTROL
One of the chief causes of weedy pastures is the killing out of the desirable species of pasture plants leaving bare ground in which weeds can easily take root and flourish without competition, writes N. J. Thomas, Pasture Research, O. A. C., Guelph. This is brought about largely by poor pasture management such as overgrazing in the early spring and late autumn, combined with low levels of soil fertility or poor surface drainage. Continued overgrazing results in the depletion of plant food from the roots of the pasture plants. This causes them to kill out very easily in periods of extreme winter conditions or summer drought.
It is advisable, where possible, and often more economical, to plough up and re-seed thin weedy pastures with a desirable pasture mixture to increase the productivity of the soil. For further information on pasture management see Ontario Agricultural College Circular No. 28 on “Pastures and Their Improvement.” Increasing soil fertility by top-dressing in the early autumn or spring with lime (where needed,) manures, and fertilizers, combined with good grazing management and the use of the mower will encourage the development of desirable grasses and clovers to such an extent that all but the most hardy weeds will be completely smothered out.
L
NOT only feed upo-' the ¦
WOOL FABRIC OF* OuR CLOTHES, 3UT USE FRAGMENTS Oc iT*
IN MAKING THEIR
i' 'W#

PUPAL cases
place; and that that, again, was in the house of Mary, the mother of John Mark (Acts 12: 12). Others believe the room was within the precincts of the mosque of the Tomb of David (on the hill called Mount Zion).
The passovcr, of course, that feast celebrated in commemoration of the night when the Israelites were redeemed from their Egyptian bondage by the passing of the angel of death, who slew the first-born of every family, except those on whose doorposts was the mark of the blood. Our Lord is here about to accomplish a greater exodus than the one commemorated by the feast, for his was for all men who would believe in him; his redemption is deliverance from the bondage of sin and ultimately from death itself.
occurred on Thursday night of that week, April 6.
Place.—
COM. 1fl7 «Y N2A SERVICE. INC
1-b
on its axis is
•£~ bH55£SSBwupsis
is minute	_
JS5MjSrS5S SJ£ eoecled L
The anointing by Mary took place in Bethany, a village just over the ridge on the eastern side of the Mount of Olives; the in the rest of the chapter
Sunday
School
Lesson
200-inch telescope, under
scenes occurred in Jerusalem.
was
The Lord's Supper
Matt. 26: 17. Now on the first day of unleavened bread the disciples came to Jesus, saying, Where wilt thou that we make ready for thee to eat the passover? 18. And he said, Go into the city to such a man, and say unto him, The Teacher saith, My time is at hand ; I keep the passover at thy house with my disciples. 19. And the disciples did as Jesus appointed them; and they made ready the passover. It is possible that the in an unspecified house in Jerusalem where the disciples met after the resurrection, and the
upper
abiding after the ascension, were the same aa the upper room in which the Lord's Supper took
LEGENDARY SIREN
over
e
her rocks.
31 Carmine.
23	Diocesan center.
24	To make a slave of.
26 Preposition.
28 Sound of pleasure.
30	Adult male
31	Monkey.
32	Bom.
34 To drink dog-fashion.
38	Suffix forming nouns.
39	To discover.
40	Sloping channels
44	Ireland.
45	Insect which feeds on wool.
46	Mental image.
Answer to Previous Punie
horizontal
1A legandary |
German vampire.
7 She was famous for her beauty
LESSON IX
IN THE UPPER ROOM, thew 26: 1-30.
PRINTED TEXT, Matt. 26: 17-
HP
Bits
Mat-
SO.
EE
GOLDEN TEXT—ThU da « remembrance of ma. 1 Cor. 11: 24.
the lesson in its setting
Time—The plotting of the Jewish authorities and the selling of the Master by Judas took place Tuesday, April 4, A.D. 30. The and the Lord's Supper
and
GOEES
room
13	To smear.
14	Grotesque trick.
16	Passage.
17	Circular wall.
18	She haunted a rock on the
River.
19	Meadow.
20	Requirements.
22	Rubber tree.
23	To mention.
25 Eccentric
wheel.
27 Grief.
29 To originate. 33 Money.
35	A prank.
36	Indian mulberry.
»37 Rested on the knees.
41	Parent.
42	Sooner than.
Hi, Word, at the Table
20. Now when even was come, he was sitting at meat with the twelve disciples; 21. and as they eating, he said, Verily I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me. 22. And they were exceeding sorrowful, and began to say unto him every one, Is it I, Lord? 28. And he answered and said, He that dipped his hand with me in the dish, the same shall be-
24. The Son of Man it is written of unto that man
chamber where they were
TE

I
L
MW'âiiaiiiâii«a<iw¥Maigiag
on
passover
were
2	Jar.
3	Destruction.
4	Formerly.
5	Organ of hearing.
43 To abdicate. 47 Greek letter.
49	Myself.
50	Wand.
51	Examination.
52	Minute object.
53	Spasmodic pains.
55 Boat deck.
58	To dwell.
59	She enticed
NOTES
RADIO
6	To bury.
7	Tendons.
8	Frozen water. 48 Tree.
9	Gold paint.
10	Virginia willow.
11	Tidy.
to their 12 Grain, destruction. 15 Sesame.
20 Sailors boats 56 Hawaii: r bird
on 57 Postscript.
Wrote “Sinews of War”
NEWS
tray me. goeth, even as him:	but woe
through whom the Son of Man is betrayed! good were it for that if he had not been born. In
49 Heath.
51	Japanese fish.
52	Musical note.
54	South America.
55	Plural.
AND
By MADGE ARCHER
I
cast . . . 10:00 p.m., CBL, CBY, NBG Symphony conducted by Bruno Walter . . . March 3rd, 2:30 p.m., CFRB, “And So You Think You Know Music" . . . 3:00 p.m., CFRB, N. Y. Philharmonic Orch . . .
8:00 p.m born Hour ... 9:00 p.m., CBS Ford
Symphony Hour . pointment With Agostini . . . March 4th, 12:30 p.m., CBL, Ontario Farm Broadcast ... 4:15 p.m., CBL, CBY, Dominion Election broadcast . . . 8:30 p.m., CBL, With the Troops in England ... 10:45, CBL, CBY, Dominion Election Cast . . . March 5.
CBL, “War Fashions”
. 8:80
FOR THE CHILDREN
man
the East, men eat by dipping their hands into the common dish. This does not tell who is the traitor, for they all dip their hands in the dish. It emphasizes rather the heinousness of the treachery. For to share a common meal in the East constituted the most sacred bond of friendship. 25. And Judas, who betrayed him, answered, and said, Is it I, Rabbi? He saith unto him, Thou hast said. It is enough to tell Judas, who knows the fact,'that Jesus knows it, but not enough to create in the minds of the others more than a sus-
CBC's “Children's Scrapbook" delisteners and
VERTICAL
1 Pound.
signed for young heard every Saturday from 12:30 to 1:00 p.m. is the latest Canadian program to be Invited to become international exchange feature the Mutual Broadcasting System. Canadian boys and girls will be joined by their American cousins in opening the pages of the big book to which a new chapter is added every week by Authoress Mary Granuan. Then begins a half hour of adventure, music, nature study and on-the-spot broadcasts arlth commentator Austin Willis •peaking direct from the point at which the actuality is to be presented.
Much to everybody's regret Good News leaves the Canadian airwaves February 29th. On Thursday, the 7th of March, the CBC will replace the 9 to 10 show with a Dominion Election broadcast from 9:00 to 9:30 and "Entertainment for the Troops" from 9:30 to 10:00.
were
U
8
2
4
CBL, Chase and San-
a
common
li
ib

n
an
13
. 9:30 p.m., Ap-
on

19
17
&
now
2
22
T
20
V.
MV
2
26
25

4
35
1
3
2'
4:15 p.m
talk by Doreen Day, Stylist . .
CBL, Information Please . . . 9:00 p.m., CBL, Top Flight Tunes (new) . . . 10:00 p.m., CBL, Toronto Symphony Orch . . . March 6th, 4:15 p.m., CBL, CBY, Dominion Election Broadcast . . . 9:00 p.m. and
10:46 p.m., CBL,
Election Broadcast . . . March 7, 4:16 p.m., CBL, Leacock sketch . ;; 8:30 p.m., CBL, On Parade .
CBL, CBY, Dominion Election


p.m
picion.
ME
?
37
26. And as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and blessed, and break it; and he gave to the disciples, and said, Take, eat; this is my body. In Jesus' present act, there is a consecrating of the corn-meal according to Jewish custom; but more than
—Howard Coster.
G. Crowther, author of “The Sinews of War" (Oxford Pamphlets on World Affairs), became editor of “The Economist" in 1938. He held a Commonwealth Fund Fellowship in the United States from 1929 to 1931 and visited the U. S. A. again in 1933 on behalf of “The Economist" to study the progress of the Recovery Plan.
42
on
48
47
46
CRY, Dominion
143 m 45
mr

50
I
mon
passover	,
that there is a sacramental symbolism, the meaning of which may be, This broken bread represents my body, as it will be when it is broken by death ; It is a parable in
9:00
# #
55
54
53
p.m.f
Broadcast . . . March 8tb, All Amer lean networks, 10:00 to 10:30 p.m. President Roosevelt in a special address to farmers.
NOTES AND NEWS
£Ç
56
Brian Ahern© will Le the guest the Kate Smith Hour on
star on
March 1, over CFRB at 8 o’clock . .
There will be three famous crooners on the NBC network, in a -ow on Thursday nights. Dick Row-oil on the Good News series at 9:00 o’clock; Rudy Valle© in his new series beginning at 9:30; and BJ)g Orosby at 10. Only Bing Crosby will be heard on the Canadian network . . . Sunday and Tuesday nights, according to the latest official surveys, are currently radios 3set listening nights, Thursdays and Friday’s take third and fourth
By J. MILLAR WATT
Pop - Fireproof
- you've 60 r TO
LEAVE IT BEHIND
that's
fJO USE
i've thought of a good
idea ! - I'VE WRITTEN MV
WLL ON A SHEET OF
ASBESTOS
Lt
!






place

A •
/
/
TO B1 HEARD
\
W
1

M*roh 1, I P*-, CFRB, Kate
, 8:00 pm., CBY,
Y >:
HHi

£
9osUk Hour . .
Canada’s Merchantmen . .
9.m., CBL, Walts Time . . yrn , CBL, CBY, Dominion Election
dread cast . . . March 1, 1:00 p.m., dU., OBT, Metropolitan Optra Co.
. »:W prs, car,, itockey Broad
%

9:00
zz


1
. 10:41
EÆ

5-19

The Bell B/ndicste, In
Z/.1
###PAGE###3###
Voyage of “Slave Ship” Ended In Chase and Capture
Coal Output
HEALTH j TOPICS ;
sSSStf.
:
i

On Increase
r



CGttNL AN0> mm




y

J J 1939 Production In Canada Tops
Previous Year; Coke Tonnage Lower
s

t
M
BRITISH WAR^MIP>V DRIVEHAVE>HIP> A5H0RE. RESCUE F
400 PRISONER* Ë
/
?

O'i
t* /

/
SUGAR AND DECAY I Vs the sugar you eat that causes teeth to decay, Dr. Leonard Fosdick of the Northwestern University (Chicago) dental school is convinced.
Sugar taken into the mouth produces an acid which, with bacteria normally present, causes tooth decay, he reported to the midwinter meeting of the Chicago Dental Society.
“The only method known at present to control dental decay, which has good scientific evidence to support it, is to avoid the intake of sugar into the mouth,” he said.
PLEADS FOR POOR MOTHERS
A plea that maternity clinics be established for the poor was made by Dr. Allan Roy Dafoe, doctor to the famed Dionne quintuplets who spoke before several hun-Spcaking before several hundred women gathered for the Minneapolis Tribune newspaper women’s press conference, Dr. Dafoe said the lessons learned as a result of the quintuplets’ care might be made the basis for a broader movement.
He urged participation in movements for establishment of clinics for the proper care of mothers and babies “so that all children may have the same chance»”
PNEUMONIA CONQUERED?
Statisticians of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company are inclined to believe that pneumonia as a death-dealing disease is well on the way to being conquered. They point out that, coincident with new methods of treating the disease, such outstanding declines in pneumonia mortality have taken place among the insurance company’s millions of industrial policyholders in Canada and the United States, that in 1939, as well as in 1938, a new low record death rate was established for the disease. And this improvement has continued into 1940, when a pneumonia death rate of 51.7 per 100,000 was established during the first four weeks of January, a rate representing a decline of 33 per cent as compared with that of the corresponding weeks of 1939.


Canadian coal production during 1939 totalled 15.460.897 tons, compared with 14,294,718 the previous year, the Dominion Bureau of Statistics reports. Imports totalled to 13,884.816 tons, compared with 13,461,614 and exports 376,203 against 363,181.
Coke production amounted to 2,388,027 tons, compared with 2,362,003 In 1938. During 1939, 1,104,371 tons of Canadian coal and 2,207,707 tons of imported coal were charged to coke ovens.
Coal production during December, 1939, was 1,457,825 tons, compared with 1,350,986 tons in December, 1938. Bituminous coal output was 1,059,055 tons, sub-bituminous, 63,166 and lignite 345,604.
IS
9*

—	mi
K
tÇUROPÆ
0Ci
/l fl/
t>
fl
m
O'

&
(>oc
PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO
%


Â f & / C4
The total production of gold in
the world since the discovery of
America has been estimated at 1,294,935,511 fine ounces.
Reindeer, so much used in the
northern European countries, are
the only domesticated species of deer in the world.
*
y.

r
jot/r//
.. CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS..
i
SEED FOR SALE
FILMS — PRINTS
AGENTS WANTED
F\ AFTER GRAF fPEE'f
|| SCUTTLING, ALT MARK S HEAP* FOR HOME
GOVERNMENT TESTED SEEDS from (grower to sower) shipped in sealed bags, properly mixed for a wonderful Hay or pasture crop. Red Clover, Alslke, Timothy, mixture. 113.26 per 100 lbs. Freight paid, bags free, Mlsner Seeds, Port Dover. Ontario.
SELL WHAT EVERY HOUSEHOLD Needs! Familex salesmen live selling guaranteed Familex Products. Quick and Sure Sales — Fair Profits — Repeat Orders. Get facts and catalogues today:	Familex
Products, 6,0 St. Clement, Montreal.
FREE ENLARGEMENT IN STUDIO. Folder with each order. Films developed and printed by experts. 36c: reprints 10 for 25c. Nu-Way Photo Service. Station "A ' Toronto.

M
FOR SALE

SEED FOR SALE
APPLY GOLD INITIALS ON AÜTO-m obi 1 es. Profitable opportunity. Samples 10c. Proposition free. Pe-thlck> Monograms, 867F. Toronto.
HEAVY SIX BUICK MOTOR, Vessot grinder, speed Jack belts. George Kelso, Markdale, Ontario.
10*


and
GOV’T INSPECTED. REGISTERED No. 1 and No. 1 Seeds. Oats — Cartier, Banner and Lasalle. Barley— O.A.C. 21. Clover Timothy. R. Bruce Ness, Howlck, Quebec.
#
Obtaining false clearance papers at Bergen, the Graf Spec’s supply ¦hip Altmark was spotted by two British patrol planes as it attempted to dodge along the Norwegian coast in a dash for Germany with hundreds of captive British seamen in its hold. British naval vessels, swiftly summoned to the scene by the patrol planes, overhauled the Altmark and forced it aground, rescuing the captive Britishers and killing a number of the Altmark’s crew.
Alfalfa and
HAHV CHICKS
HORSES FOR SALE
BABY CHICKS, ALL $9 PER HUNDred. Barred Rocks. White Leghorns. R. I. Reds, Wyandottes. New Hampshlres. February and March delivery. Carlton Hatchery, Britannia Heights, Ont.
NUMBER GOOD HORSES. MATCHed teams, one Percheron stallion colt, grey. J. McAnlnch, Route 4, Guelph.________	_________
SEED POTATOES
BUYING, SELLING, CAR LOTS, Truckloads, Table. Certified seed. Ontarlos, Islands. Ask Hlseye, the largest potato dealers In Ontario, 64 Front St. E.. Toronto.
LEGHORNS FOR SALE
BIO. HUSKY. QUALITY CHICKS, buy from a breeder who has a reputation for liveability. We honestly believe our stock the beat obtainable. White Leghorn». Barred Rocks. Hampshire», low prices, Niagara Poultry Farm, Nlagara-on-the-Lake. Ontario.
BECKER STRAIN. SINGLE COMB dark brown Leghorns, males $8.00, trios $6.00. Henry Becker. Waterloo. Ontario. ______
How Can I?
HAVE
STAMPS WANTED
STAMPS ON ENVEI»PES.
Ing after 1870. Will buy for cash. R. G. Purdy, 310 Glen Manor Drive Toronto.
NOTH-
YOU HEARD
MACHINERY FOR SALE
BY AN Nt AbH* EY
CLEARANCE
TWO ONLY — Brand New Whltte Portable Sawing outfits, steel frame, * steel wheels with tongue, swinging steel saw frame takes 24” or 26” circular saws — 6 H.P. Hopper cooled horizontal gasoline engine, fitted with magneto, can be used as portable price. $285.
Machinery ¦
West, Toronto
FARM
POULTRY Bred chicks are better value than hatchery chicks. Five breeds selection. 7'cents and up, farm raised pullets. Circular on request Highway Poultry Farm, R.R. No. 1. Waterloo. Ontario.
LOGICALLY
Q. How can I sew snaps on garments most efficiently?
A. Sew the half of the snap with the projecting point on first.
Then press this part down firmly on the material in the place where the corresponding snap is to be sewed. This will leave a distinct impression in the goods to show just where to sew the snap.
Q. How can I prevent gravy from becoming lumpy i
A. Add a pinch of salt to the flour that is used for thickening, before mixing it with water.
Q. How can I preserve the paint in a half-used open can?
A. Sealing it with paraffin is proof against its hardening.
Q. How can I prevent moths | The gross revenues of the all-from attacking fur?	{ inclusive Canadian National Rail-
A. Moths will not attack the j wayS for the week ending Feb-fur if plentifully sprinkled with ruary 14f 1940 were: $4,355,727
pepper or tobacco, which leaves u compared with ............... 3,185,937
no unpleasant odor and can easily for the corresponding be shaken out before wearing.	week of 1939, an in-
Q. How can I remove coffee crease of and tea stains from linen?
A. Soak the spots in glycerine.
Allow to stand for several hours.
Then wash in the usual way.
TURKEYS FOR SALE
The pilot had taken great pains to explain all about his airplane So the pretty young visitor at the airport—its mechanical features, purpose of this and that, what pilote did to meet actual flying conditions, etc. He looked at the girl and smiled, “Now, you understand, don’t you?”
“All but one thing,” replied the girl
“And what is that?” he asked.
“What makes the thing stay up?”
WHITE HOLLAND TURKEY 8. Government approved and utility stock. Prices on application. Bert Irwin, Sea forth. Ontario.
power plant — sale The A. R Williams Co. Ltd., <4 Front SL
WHITE LEGHORNS. Sc. Rocks and New Hamp-shires 10c, from Government approved. blood-tested stock. Write for catalogue, Brucedale Poultry Farm, SL Thomas. Ont.
CHICKS.
Barred
USED AND NEW PLUMRING
BATHS. SINKS. TOILETS, SOIL pipe, boilers, furnaces, radiators, etc. Lowest prices,
Catalogue furnished, lng Supplies. 921 St. Lawrence, Montreal.
MACHINERY FOR SALE
guaranteed. Main PIiimb-
WADE PORTABLE DRAG SAWS, reasonably priced, easy to operate, a money-maker wherever there are logs to be cut Write for free descriptive bulletin. The A. R.
- Williams Machinery Co., Ltd., 64 Front St. West. Toronto.
MORE FOR YOUR MONEY IN THE new 1940 Tweddle Chicks, more __ breeding, more egg laying ability,^ ore meat producing ability, and more chicks for your money. You can buy Tweddle chicks as low as " $9.45 per hundred. 11 varieties to choose from. Send for free cat a-logue and price list.
Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus Ontario.
WANTED
ONE 1914-15-16 RU1IELY STEAM Engine Catalogue wanted; might consider others. Walter Gerling, Tola. Alberta.
MEDICAL
Tweddle
SUCCESSFUL SCIENTIFIC STOMach Remedy healed many obstinate cases. User states: For years I was troubled with below breastbone, and bloating. I tried many remedies, but my only relief was soda, and that for short time only. After meals It didn’t bother me for a few hours: then If I ate something it stopped coming again after some time. The pain bothered me worse at night. After taking three bottles of Dr. McLeod’s Stomachic I was free from pain. I kept on improving and have now been well for six years and enjoying meals without medicine. If you cannot buy Stomachic at Drug Store write Dr. McLeod’s Stomachic Co.. 558 Bathurst, Toronto.
Canadian National Railways Revenues
WATCHMAKING
We are informed that a hu-Toronto druggist ex
CUSTOMERS best advertisement Read customers say in our When you buy Baden chicks you get quality chicks at a Standard quality White $1.95. Barred Rocks. New shires. Hybrids $9.45, White Rocks and White Wyandottes $10.45. Heavy breed pullets 90 $16.90, Leghorn pullets $1 old cockerels, three week old capons. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited, Baden. Ontario.
OUR hat our booklet
SATISFIED
gnawing pain It causes gas
LEARN WATCHMAKING AT HOME
outfits from $5. Nation-Reglna, Bask.
Beginners al Watch.
poses a ease of soap la his
rice
low
S
•hop window bearing the pertinent inscription, “Cheaper than dirt"
Le
H
orne
LYONS
February Clearance Sale New & Reconditioned FURNITURE
All used furniture Is completely reconditioned, guaranteed thoroughly clean and sold with positive money-back guarantee of satisfaction. $19.50 THREE PIECE CHESTER, field Suite, upholstered In novelty repp, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$24.50 SMART. 3 PIECE CHESTERfield Suite, upholstered in blue shade velour, reversible Marshal! spring cushions.
$35.00 BEAUTIFUL DROWN MOhair Chesterfield Suite, (3 pcs.), figured reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$32.00 10 PIECE LIVING ROOM Outfit, comprising 3 piece Chesterfield Suite, Bridge Lamp, Silk Shade, End Table, Silk Cushion, Table Lamp, Silk Shade. Metal Smoking Stand.
$12.50 STUDIO COUCH, SPRING filled mattress, makes into double or two single beds.
$17.50 8 PIECE SOLID OAK DINING room Suite, buffet, extension table and 6 leather upholstered chairs. $24.00 SOLID OAK
amp.
per cent 8.95. Day
Sam had Just passed through a hair-raising experience. He'd just seen a ghost!
“Yes, auh," the Negro said. "Ah*d Jea' come outer the cowshed with a pail o' milk in mah hand. Den Ah hears a noise an' de ghost rushes out."
"Was you skeered?" asked one of his listeners. “Did you shake with fright?"
“Ah dont know what Ah shook with," replied Sam solemnly. “Ah sain t say I shook at all ; but when Ah got in de house, there warn't no milk in de pail, only two pounds o' butter !"
my
1,169,790 or 36.7%
JOHNSON’S CHICKS ARE ONE grade, the best we can produce, all breeders are bloodtested and culled. Bred to Lay Barred Rocks and large S. C. White Leghorn*. Barron strain. Prices March and Apt 11. Rocks 10 cents. 90 per cent pullets 17 cents, cockerels 8 cents. Leghorns 10 cents, 90 per cent pullets 20 cents, cockerels 2 cents. Safa arrival guaranteed. 10 per cent books your order. Circular on request. J. D. Johnson, Fergus. Ontario.
KIPP’S
A GOOD SPRING TONIC
Herb Tablets. Twenty-«five cents. All Drug Stores or Maitby's. Toronto Ten.	_________ ______
Cigarettes released for consumption in Canada daring the first nine months of the current year amounted to 5,275,000.
NURSERY STOCK

# 4» «
What Science! Is Doing i
HARDIEST FRUITS, RARE ORNA, mentals. Request illustrated catalogue and planting guide: 600 varieties. trees, shrubs, perennial flowers, tested and grown at Dropmore. Order early for free booklet on nexv fruit recipes, also premium with order. Strong plants; expert packing, guaranteed delivery anywhere. The Manitoba Hardy Plant Nursery. Drop-more. Manitoba.
ORDER BABY CHICKS NOW. AT-tractlve prices on well bred Barred Rocks, White Leghorns. Hamp-
prices. Wintrham Hatchery. Wlng-nsm. Ontario.
I
£
Austrolorps. Write for
•w #	## %
SLOW LIGHTNING
Discovery that there are two distinct types of lightning, one the explosive, smashing stroke familiar to everyone, and the other a hitherto unrecognized slow and burning stroke, is announced in tho magazine Electrical World. One kind blows a tree apart, the other acta it afire.
CARS. NEW AND USED
A film star was being examined fer a new divorce. He bad been married six limes
gave
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS. LTD.. Toronto's oldest Chrysler. Plymouth dealers: three locations, 632 Mount Pleasant Road. 2040 Yonge Street. 1225 Danforth Ave u*ed pats mn ke us many friends
IS
Z
BY ALL MEANS PLANT NUT
DINING ROOM Suite, buffet, extension table ana 6 leather spat chairs. Perfect.
$39.00 COMPLETE 9 - PIECE DIN. ing room Suite, solid oak. buffet, china cabinet, extension table 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$63.00
Trees. Beautiful ornamentals, producing food and wood. Or g your present stock. For hed foundation planting berts or Winkler h George Hebden Corsan, Islington Ontario.
YOUR
raft
already and el bim • very bad character.
“Don't pay any heed to their stories, ' he told the Judge. “They're only old wives' tales.”
ges, s. etc: use fll-azels. Write
Our
NOSE
3
EDUCATIONAL
RUNNING
LARGE DINING ROOM Suite, In rich walnut finish, buffet, cabinet, extension table and leather upholstered chairs.
$69.00 MODERN 9 PIECE DINING room suite, In beautiful 2-tone walnut. Buffet, china cabinet, extension table, and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$109.00 BEAUTIFUL SOLID WALnut Dining Room Suite (cost new approximately $375). large buffet, extension table, china cubinet 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$59.00 FLOOR SAMPLE. MODERN Chesterfield Suite (3 pieces), reg. $79. Upholstered in novelty repp. In brown, green or rust shades bullet type, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$69.00 MODERN BEDROOM SUITE (factory sample). In bleached walnut finish, waterfall design. Venetian mirror, dresser or vanity, chiffonier, full size bed. sagless spring and new mattress.
$89.00 SOLID WALNUT DINING room Suite, (cost new approximately $250), largo buffet, extension table, china cubinet and six leather upholstered chairs.
$19.50 SIMMONS
walnut finish, sagIess spring, new mattress and large dresser lu walnut finish.
$39.00 MODERN BEDROOM SUITS In two-tone walnut finish. Dresser, chiffonier, full size bed and angles* spring.
$45.00 COMPLETE Suite, In two-tone walnut finish, dresser, chiffonier, full size bed, sagless spring, and new mattress.
$59.00 FLOOR SAMPLE BEDROOM Suite In tho new bleached walnut finish with waterfall fronts a Venetian mirrors. Dresser, chiffonier. full size bed, sagless spring and new mattress.
$39.00 CUNNINGHAM PIANO IN mahogany case. Wonderful condition.
$8.95 HOUSIER KITCHEN CABINet with sliding porcelain top.
BREAKFAST SU
STUDENTS NOW EN KOI,1JNO FUR courses m Matriculation. Short Story Journalism. Shorthand and Speech Culture Make use of your spare time. Write today. Canadian Correspondence College, (established 1902) 229 Yonge Street Toronto
Does your nose tell
OFFER TO INVENTORS
?
e
the pain
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of Inventions and full Infor* mation sent free. The Ramsay Co Registered. Patent Attorneys. 273 Bank Street. Ottawa. Canada.
fal story your discomfort-soreness and stuffiness in the nos Irritated membranes? Get quick :
Treat your nose with Mentholatum. the balm with the money-back guarantee 1 Mentholatum acts instantly—penetrates every nasal passage — soothes Inflamed membranes—helps clear head and no##.
Get Mentholatum today from your druggist. In Jars and tubes— 3#c.
O
They were having a board meeting of a firm in the city, when the secretary ran in and said the office boy had pinched half the petty cash.
“Disgrace/ul !" and “Shocking 1" and “Disgusting!” some of the members said.
But the chairman said, “Remember, gentlemen, we all had to aUrt in a email way."
SEES OIL UNDERGROUND
A pint of earth, dug from within a few feet of the surface, can be made to give direct signs of oil fields that may be buried 10,000 feet below. This is done with the mass spectrograph, a new scientific instrument which outdoes the tricks of magicians and which never before has been put to commercial use.
—O—
VENOMS STOP PAIN
A combination of venoms from two poisonous southern snakes has been found effective in relieving intense pain from cancer and arthritis and stopping spasms of epilepsy. The reptiles are the rare coral snake ai)d the common cotton-mouth water moccasin.
etrilfc
relief.
OPPORTUNITIES FOR MEN
ELECTRIC MOTORS
PREPARE FOR THE FUTURE. IN dustry urgently requires trained men. Learn, electric welding now. General Welding Works, 100 Jarvis. Toronto.
ELECTRIC MOTORS
for every purpose. Jones & Moore Electric. 296 Adelaide Street W. Toronto.
SUITABLE
MENTHOLATUM
FISHING TACKLE OP SPORTING
GOODS
PERSONAI
QUIT I'UUAiVU SNUFF EASILY inexpensively Home remedy. Testimonials Guaranteed Advice free Barlleif's Rox I Winnipeg
FISHERMEN
new, larger, 1940 FIs h I n catalogue, out March Manls, 171 Craig St W.. Montreal Quebec.
Gives COMFORT D*,/y
SEND FOR OUR
g Tackle 20th. R
X.
“Thanbe very much for the birthday cake. But what # the Idea ef the electric bulb en
nr
«
HBPATOLA RELIEVES STOMACH and Liver troubles. Symptoms: Pains In right side, under shoulder blades and across hips. Indigestion, gas, constipation, gall trouble. Formula of doctor. Results In one day! Price $5.00. Mrs. Geo. S. Almas. Box 1073W Saskatoon. Sask.
ITCH .VO!
Pergdek relief free itchi* ef enema, pimple, atb-leok eeelea semble# reehee and other externally! ¦ ™ kwblee. use world-famous, cooling, ants etek liquid D. D. D. Prescription. Greeeelese, Pd»i—¦ Boothes irritation and quickly stops inteneJ Itching Me trial bottle prvreeit, or money beck** reii druggist today for D. D. D. PRESCRIPTION]
;
FARM EQUIPMENT
FANNING MILL (KLINE) FARM-•re nay best seed grader: wild oat separator, also screening repairs. Testimonials. Kline Manufacturing. Islington. Ontario.
<
v
“lt'a forty candle-power.
Mi's f
STEEL BED IN

«
FALSE TEETH LOOSENESS AND annoyance banished chea home by dentist's wonder covery for building up old plate to fit Users amazed. Free Information without obligation. Randolph Laboratory. 22 Whitehall Road. Toronto.
FILMS
The poultry ailment known as fowl paralysis ia believed so common that it takes nearly 26 per tent of the birds in average farm flacks.
fu‘f at
BEST RESULTS — ROLLS DEVEL-
FOR WOMEN ONLY! I «S-BpBb
downe Ave., Toronto.
dis
BEDROOM
instantea&e flow ckatfcoââ. cfofwahÿlete
tAtoati. A
If fidgety nervee, restless nights and dle-treee from female functional “Irregular-roer seep you from having fun In life— lake Lydia 1 Pinkhem’e Vegetable Com-
TRIAL SPECIAL — SEND NBOA-
advertisement and 10c prints and 6 x4 enlarge-roll and 28c for eight
London London,
KILL HAIR ROOT PERMANENTLY. Safely, privately. Remove superfluous hair from face, arms, legs, forever. Treatment $1.00 postpaid, lain wrapper. Canadian Chemls-, Wilkie, Saak
Mi*
ment, or prints. 8x7 enlargement. Photo Service, Box 851, Ont. Established 1919.
rASTHMA ' BRONCHITIS
’T'
%
nd, made eapedally to help such lewn, weak, ailing women, fry iU
l

Co

PROPERTY FOR SALE
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
HI
A* 7 OWN, MM M
YOIIU no NOT HAVE TO SMOKE 'HOW CAN 1 STOP SMOKING"? The number and urgency of peals from people who wished to ne quit of the habit
s
SEALED TENDERS RECEIVED till March 12th for two separate square Hundreds. 4 acres bush, no waste, creek, stone bouse, bank barn on Highway, Wellington County. Not encumbered. Five housand. Apply Mrs. John Place, 435 Woolwich St.. Guelph, Ont
14.50 6 PIECE In ivory enamel trimmed black, buffet, table and 4 chairs.
All merchandise carefully crated for safe shipment on receipt of money, order and sold with a positive money-hack guarantee of satisfaction.
Lyons Furniture Co.
478 Yonge St.
TORONTO
1TH1
COUGHS “COLDS
„ mo mat toj
ap-
il
Used
New
prompted the writing of a 16-page booklet giving practical answers that have worked. The cost? Just the cost of a pack of cigarettes! Order direct from the author, George A. Little. 112 Lytton Blvd.. Toronto. 25 cents with order, or 6 copies fur $1.00. Postage prepaid.

SPECIALIZING IN REBUILT MOTOR*. POWF.IM! NIT*. Hydraulic lloUtn. tt Invite*. GenernCorw. Starter*. Mmwncto*. Pnrhuretora Redfnf-ore — Exebunite Service, Glsm — Satisfaction or refuBd. Levy Aule Parts, Toron lu.
I
DUCKLEYP
D M IXTURC Q
ISSUE NO. 9—'40
I

/
1
###PAGE###4###
W-
I
i


date. Present, Mayor Birr, and Councillors Grant, W Helen, Hanna, Smart and Macfarlane.
Minutes of last meeting were read ! II md on moti n of Cr> Sin irt-M icfarl me,1 ¦' were confirmed.
Councillor Judd entered and took his seat at the Board.
The following bills were presented for approval :
W. A. Hudgins Store, supplies $ 'f> 0f>
Ben Young, gravel---------
School Tax, James Kennedy
*•	“ John Kennedy.
Motion by Crs. Hanna-Whelen, that these bills be paid.—Carried.
Mr. N. A. Drummond, appeared at the Board to discuss the merits of the treatment f<»r the eradication of the Warble Fly.
Motion by Crs Grant-Judd, that Mr. Drummond order 200 packages of this treatment, which will be available at the Secretar> s Office free of charge in a few days. Any treatment not taken out by Polling Day, March 26th, will be available at the different Polls from the
THE EQUITY
i
Hodgins Garage
FREE—Fine Barometer
SHAWVILLE, MAR. 7, 1940
Quebec Protestant S<bool Boards to be Rearranged
Combined with Accurate Thermometer
To be Given Away in Our New
1
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
\
Chevrolet,
Sales
S
The Protestant committee of Quebec’s Education Council announced Friday it would seek authority from the legislature to set up 18 central county school boards “in the areas of the province of Quebec most populated by Protestants in order that greatei benefits shall accrue to Protestant education.”
Each board would consist of “five ratepayers professing the Protestant religion and residing within the territory over which the county central school board exercises its authority.”
The committee said it planned establishment of the boards in the following areas :
Argenteuil-Two Mountains, Brome,
SSS <255 tins: hz;%.,
:: : $ ;
Levis,	Richmond-Drummond-Art ht-	u u	tt
^ Sbeford, Sherbrooke and	^ by 'cr,M°Lüne Whelen,W
The committee listed as “chief bene- adjourn.—Carried, tits” of the proposal “more equitable distribution of government grants ; the adjustment of property assessments ; tax rates and school fees over wider areas ; giving increasing opportunities to children in rural and remote areas to receive the fullest benefits possible of education ; and increasing the general level of education in the Protestant schools of the province”.
a
26 80 21 40
g
Weather Prophet
\
a
9 05
I
CONTEST
a
6
Wliafc will the Thermometer read and what will the weather be like at 12 o’clock (noon) on the Monday following closing date of this contest?
A Choice Lot to Choose From
1 Change your old model and get a better one
1934 V-8 Ford Coupe with R.S.
1937 Chevrolet Coach with Trunk
1937	Pontiac Sedan model 224 Deluxe
1938	Dodge Coach with sedan seat in front 1938 Chevrolet Coach with sedan seat H O. Tires
1938 Chevrolet Coach with 4-ply tires 1936 Maple Leaf Truck Stake Body Dual Wheels
Why not have your car overhauled now, so that you can drive in safety
Drive in today

S
MAPLE LEAF
Cream of the West "
((
i
FLOUR

g
S
i j
a
8
\
g
John A. Dkan, Sec-Treas

Offers Free
e
§

to the one who comes nearest to naming the Thermome-and Barometer readings for the Monday (12 oclock noon) following the closing date of the contest, this magnificent, accuratecombination. •
x
§
CORRESPONDENCE
Hull, Que., Feb. 28, 1940
ter

\
8
S
'
The Equity, Shawville, (jue
Barometer—Thermometer
V
X

Mr. Editor
And Additional Prizes as stated below for others who nearest to being correct.

Safety on the Highway
May we be permitted space m your columns to give a much needed reply to a group of Municipal Councillors from the Counties of Gatineau and Pontiac who recently visited this office for the express purpose- of wreaking their long pent up wrath on this As
It has taken a long time to out and I doubt if it would have
a
come
B
A report just issued by the Province Quebec Safety League in co-operation th the bureau of statistics of the Provincial Revenue Department shows that a substantial reduction in fatal highway mishaps took place in 1939 persons lost their lives in automobile accidents in 1938, only 358 were killed in 1939, a decrease of more than 10 per Last year’s toll was also considerably less than 1937 when 376 met with accidental death in traffic smash-
S
of
B
s
It is all so easy—You merely fill in the blank which we supply with purchase of Maple Leaf Flour.
B
wit
J. L. HODCilNS
While 402
s
sociation
B
come
come out without some SPIRITUAL'I
For many years there has ! I been in each of the County Councils of l| Gatineau, Pontiac and Papineau a small I group who have never been very much I ups.	*_	impressed with ti e program of our j :
Aneot this reduction, Arthur Gaboury, Association in stamping out the illegal I secretary of the league, declared recent- s|allgilter 0f G une and Wild Fowl. I ly that it should not be taken too has been a matter of record at this I enthusiastically, since the Quebec death ^ce that the Boot légers of Fish, G une |j rate was still much too high when based a|ul partridge, enjoyed much better pro- | on the number of cars in use and tectjon (ban did the Fish and Game gasoline consumption.	Q1ir efforts in many cases has brought a I
The figures published by the League very uncomfortable ct ncern to s .me of i point out that while there had been an' lhe would-be dictators of our counties, improvement during 1939, as regards with the result we are ru t on their t all fatalities, there had occurred a greater |l8t, but definitely on their black list, number of traffic accidents :	9.989, as anj these gentlemen have never lost
compared wiih 9,568 in 1938, and 8,979 opportunity when our correspondence in 1937. Injuries had also increased, 0r programme is presented to their 6,114 happening in 1939, 350 more than (jouncjjs t0 a<» their stuff' the previous year.	- This Association gets the full
A definite improvement could not be blame for the c»nditnn ot the roads, the effected, the secretary added, until such weather and about the only thing we time as measures recently recommended jmve nnt been blamed for is dynamiting by the League had been adopted by the j>jue £ea anc| other lakes in that im-Government; tho.<e include financial me(jiate district and shipping the ti-h responsibility legislation, strict examina- to Hitler. '
tion of all drivers, compulsory vehicle inspection and other means of elimination from the highway, irresponsible and incompetent drivers, as well as antiquated and dilapidated automobiles which were a menace to the safety of all road
Phone 64-J.
*«GCd2S3EEG02QQCEC;
S
I With 24 pound Bag
)
CGBCQEEBi


assistance
Blanks Supplied As Follows :
cent
2 “ - 49 4 “ 98
<4
44
)


44
44
a
DALE’S TINSHOR
Your Alternative Opinion May be the Winner !
dJ
a
a
2)
You will be proud to own this Beautiful
Barometer-Thermometer
Get Your %ple Leaf (Cream of The West) Flour at
I!
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
1

.j
l«
Maple Syrup Requirements
e
£
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REG'O.
an
£
Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment? If not, do so now ! we can supply you with :
Sap Cans;
Maple Syrup Cans Spoils,
li
Contest Closes Saturday evening-,
March 30th, 1940
One Barometer and 24 Saucepans will be given away
I
-
Pans, all sizes Evaporators Iron Coolers
a
I
e-

£
This groin» accuse us< f diverting all the Sportsmen and Tourist from Gatineau county to Papineau and Pontiac Counties, while Papir.eau and Pontiac blame us fur sending them all to Gatineau
E
E
IBS! lilp5
Hon. Secretary
Fish it Game Protective Association Laurentian Sportsmens and Tourist Office., I95j Main St., Hull, Qie.
a
a
a
LESLIE DALE
That these counties have and are losing the major share of their once lucrative Tourist ard Sportsmen trade is not mere guess words, this Association knew years ago and so notified the business people and Municipal and
County Councils as to what was taking place, but these people were and are still lumber and agricultural minded, and now that the axe has fallen they arc* 1 -sing a few million dollars per year, and the Tourists and particularly the Sportsmen have g<me elsewhere, they
on anything but the receiving end of Game Fish. Increase 21.	... politic and corporate, duly incorporated
the dollar, and nothing to show where j 1926 to 1937—Quebec Pantedl m having its principal place of business in
or how they have ever done anything to	all inland waters C4,14.»,-¦	1 , ut*	|	the	Township	of	Sheen, Pryson	and	in
help improve conditions, but there is	No facilities for raising other game Ush	,	the	unorganized	territory of the County
records to show that they have known 1926 to 1937—Ontario planted m nf Pontiac, Province of Quebec, Canada,
sasf& x ci %:a “s
,	, „	ÜS ÏS5-SSÎXWÆW
appreciate that, in the first instance, financially or otherwise, toward, lhe ed approximately 3,000,000 Speckled there has been	some	lack of	comprehen-	worl$ „f reclaiming the Fish ana Game	Trout, of which over 40 percent
sion	at	the	ligidity	of the inspection	, tiu,ir district whereas this association	planted by this Association qr private
But we know that all workers will hM done niurl,. and considering that Fish and Game Clubs at their own exunderstand that hospital supp les, for *,e|i over seventy five, per cent, of the pense, instance, must be correct and w ell madt
users
Shavvville
Quebec
Canadian Red Cross Quebec Provincial Division
oil friends may read and inwardly digest, the following taken from the annual lortsof the Fish and Game Department* of Quebec and Ontario :
In 1912 Quebec Province had 0
Fish Hatcheries for restocking inland waters, all trout hatcheries. In 1939 Quebec has f> trout hatcheries and no I facilities for raising Hass, Pickerel, !


re I
Inspection of the 116,767 articles made for Red Cross by volunteers all the Province shows that lc.-s than
t
over
A per cent, required alterations, and the Provincial War Work Committee at Red Cross House, Montreal, reports' gratification at “the speedy and constant improvement of the work.”
“The quality of the work we are now getting is really splendid” says a statement issued by Mrs. Andrew Fleming and Madame Francois Faure, joint chairmen of the War Work Committee. “Hospital supplies, bandages, and knitting are all revealing excellent workmanship. We hasten to congratulate the workers throughout the Province on this showing ; and we believe they will be interested in learning that the National Committee of Red Cross at Toronto has just issued a bulletin remarking upon the uniform fineness of volunteers’ work.	k
“At Provincial headquarters, we
>
ESTABLISHED 1883
NOTICE
Increase
INVALID
Lunge or other Game Fish
NIL
COACH
Superior Court - Pontiac
t
C mad i
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Directors cf Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
Phone 80
district of Pontiac.—Plaintiff
vs
PHILIP SCHLOSSER, of Bryavn	________
Shore. Port Chester, New York, one of
the United States of America, and # _.	Ill*	II	¦
"" | The Hodgins Lumber Co. I
1
were
The Defendant is ordered to appear within one month.
ALPHONSE MARTINEAU
P. S. C.
District of Pontiac
Campbell’s Bay, March 4th, 1949.
B
£
S3
Results—
Quebec—In 1926 Quebec sold m fishing and Hunting Licenses, , figures not available in report form.
In 1937 Quebec sold in Fishing
Licensee..............
In 1937 Quebec sold Hunting Licenses....................
.	. t ... . f. .	monies spent on programs in their dis-
otherwise they will fail of their pur) os‘‘ trjct came from businessmen, sportsmen in actual use, and the sufferer will belj guminer residents living outside aome wounded soldier just the man we thig province anj many outside of
are all working to hid.	Canada, it is for these councillors to
“We take this opportunity, especially, c lajrt
to thank our workers for endnring-that ,	To ,,|^e the blame for present
is the word—the coarse word which is editions on anyone individual or	.. Â .
supplied for soldiers socks. As many	, wou]j t>e unfair, and there is Ontario— In 1926, Ontario	‘Maryland, My Maryland’
of us now know, the sock wool must be	?>08gjb|y a reason why some tolerance	sold in Fishing Licenses	145.913 50	The song “Maryland, My Mary-
coarse in order to stand war service,	^ould be shown but we feel that the	In	1937, Ontario sold in	land” was written by James Ryder
Only recently, we have received from	fo||owing statistics taken from the	Fishing Licenses .....	331,430.45	Randall. While teaching in New Or-
EngUnd a notice from Red Cross head-	arinuaj Statements of the Fish and	In	1926, Ontario sold in	leans he read of the attack on Balti-
quarters, telling us that, according to	Qamfc Departments of the Quebec and	Hunting Licenses ....	182,005.85	m0re, his native city, in April, 1861.
officers in contact with the men, socks	()|ltarj0 gjves t|lP true picture and	In	1937, Ontario sold in	He was deeply stirred and was unmade of soft w'ool will not stand up	p|aceH t|,e blame where it rightfully	Hunting Licenses ...	245,049.92	a^le to sleep. He arose at midnight
under a single day’s march.	belongs add tr this the lack of respect In addition to this wonderful program lo jot down the lines of the poem
“The handling of coarse wool is for tj,e Game Laws and the interference of improvement in her Fish and Game "Maryland, My Maryland.” The difficult ; the knitting is hard ; but we . Member» of Parliament with the resources, Ontario has raised thousands |jncs appeared in the April 26 issue know that our women will put up with pjsb and Game Officers, who are just as of Pheasants and Wild Ducks, and re- 0f the New. Orleans Delta. They this little hardship for the sake of the (il elsewhere, if properly supported, claimed the feeding and breeding , were immediately reprinted through-
Their comfort comes *n(j wi)l have the answer to the grounds of wild water fowl, whereas,, out the South. The Mis''s Jenny
mont deplorable condition of affairs our province is still thinking it over,, and Hetty Cary of Bah Fish and Game matters to he found and our County friends wondering w i> .	* rds t ^
on this continent, and if our residents j Ont»*- » enjoys seventy per cent, ol the 3err ,n SOnb and sang it with such and political father» think that Tourist* Spoilsmen ard Tourist business ol îff( M»at «t became the battle and Sportsmen, can be fooled more than j Canada.	.	, torn the l >uth.
Clarendon Cvuncil met un the above cnee, then we are from Missouri, and The '—gram of reclaiming the™
C USTOM SAWING
B
B
B
B
B
B
g We are now delivering Mill Wood. Place your order now.
40,146.00
B
B
1
$0,651.00
B
Saw-Log’s Wanted
£
s
S We are now in the market for all kinds of Saw Logs. Cash paid on delivery ; and have a special market for Elm Logs in 6, 8 and 11 foot lengths.
Phone 27
\
\
\
\


\
men oversea»1 first.”
ore set the music of an old
| THE HODCINS’ LUMBER COMPANY
nn
Clarendon Council

SI. aw ville,
Quebec
ODETTE
March *th, 1940



zîzvîzîzi/vizïy v
###PAGE###5###



Service Announcement

The Equity

‘City That Never Was’
Has Really Vanished
Sixty years ago Frog Point, the "city that never was,” at the head of navigation of the Red river in North Dakota, was a gathering place for hundreds of teamsters, flat boatmen, hunters, trappers, Indian traders, travelers and the representatives of eastern business firms. It was a sort of wilderness metropolis, whose inhabitants were chiefly transients, dwelling in shacks, frame hotels ana, sometimes, in tents.
Yet, the reputation of this crossroads of the backwoods spread '.o every part of the American continent and to Europe. Britons thought of Frog Point as a thriving city with broad avenues, tall spires and humming industries, outranked only by Liverpool there. To speak of Frog Point in the cities along the Atlantic seaboard or abroad summoned before the imagination pictures of marching armies, boundary police and all the goings and comings of a great commercial mart. This reputation made it a mecca for foreign travelers, but their disillusionment failed to dim its reputation while its importance continued.
Writers for the American Guide, the government’s forthcoming travel handbook, have been preparing an article on the forest city with the aid of the old timers. In contrast to the spectacular "boom" towns of the mining districts, Frog Point owed its burst of affluence to a low water period which made navigation above it impossible. Freight hauled over land made connections here with the Hudson’s Bay company boat, the International, and with the Selkirk, of which James J. Hill, the "Empire Builder," was past owner. A Hudson’s Bay company trading post was established at Frog Point in 1871 with A. H. Morgan as agent. He remained in charge until 1875, when the post was leased to Robert Ray. Hill was one of the famous figures frequently seen at Frog i Point. On one occasion, while traveling from Duluth to Georgetown, he broke through the ice not far from the-Point and came near drowning. ,
Finally, navigation conditions changed. Robert Ray discontinued the trading post, fire wiped out many of the buildings where the back- ; woodsmen had assembled and held high carnival, the hotel and store keepers closed up and, within a relatively short time, the metropolis of the wilderness had dissipated into a mist of memories as impalpable as the phantom city once reared on the site by the imagination of distant peoples. Today, the old Hudson’s Bay company buildings, in which the Alfred Torgerson agency is located, survive as the one representative of its ancient glory. Its population has dwindled to 33 people. Even its name has gone—changed to Belmont.
QQOWQWWC)
Shawvillb United Church Rkv A. F. Forks B. A., B.D. Pxstor
Sunday, March 10 Service at Shawville
Implements
On or Off
in less than
Men’s Work Boots
The Biggest Worl\ Boot Value in
Canada
established 1883
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY AT
SIIAWVILLP, QUEBEC
5:
*

( 1.00 a. m
1.30	p.m.—Service at Zion
3 30 p.m.—Service at Stark’s Corners
7.30	p.m —Service at Shawville.
annual subscription
ÀnyVhere in Cumula .. $1.50 To United States.
2.00
All arrears must be paid in full before any paper U discontinued
a minute
Men's Heavy Black Solid Leather Blucher $2.75 Men’s Heavy Black Solid Leather Blucher Heel Plate and Toe Plate—Special ........
Men’s Tan Military Blucher, solid leather heels with steel plate
Men’s Black and Brown Blucher, outside counter leather sole and heel, moccasin
style
Men’s 14 inch Black and Brown outside counter, moccasin style..................
Bristol United Church Rev. C. Arm.strong-Salks, B, D
\V. O. COWAN, PUBLISHER
Sunday, March 10 St. An Irews and Knox uniting to partake of “The Lord’s Supper’ 10 30 Austin,
Subject
$2.98
Custom of Bridal Veil
1 Traced to Ancient Rite
The ancient custom of veiling a bride was once a trick to mislead mischievous demons
Thus Professor Ludwig Doubner, of the Berlin university, explains bridal veils, which in ancient times were more enveloping and mysterious than the airy veil of a modern bride
Fear of demons, it appears, plagued the ancient Greeks in a fashion reminiscent of the fairy tale fear of the wicked fairy who always turned up for trouble at weddings and christenings.
Describing lengths to which wedding- parties would go to foil demons. It is said that brides in Sparta were dressed in men's clothing. The Sparta maid, dressed like a man and with her hair shorn, was shut up in a dark room to await her bridegroom’s arrival and a dra-malic rescue.
Professor Deubncr finds evidence that Greek marriage customs are related to customs of other Indo-Germanic Aryan peoples, and some can still be found surviving in parts of Greece.
Describing ancient Greek weddings, Professor Doubner stated that as marriages were arranged by the parents, the cuuple-to-be .were not consulted and often became acquainted only after they were wed
The popular month for weddings corresponded to late January and early February in our calendar. The bride sacrificed her hair, her girdle and her toys at the altar of Artemis.
Corresponding to a modern church wedding was a sacrifice rite to the goddess Hera. During the wedding banquet the bridegroom removed the ] bride's veil. Wedding gifts went by a name meaning unveiling, because they were received after the removal of the veil.	i
Guests accompanied the couple 3 to their home and threw old shoes , B to ward off. evil. • The groom lifted , N his bride from the cart in which B they rode, and she—like ancient
walked thrice | around the hearth-fire in token of her 3 entrance to o new family.	B
“The Lord'd Supper”
Who may take Communion
Friday, March 8th
Preparatory Service at St. Andrew’s Church at.....
i
7.3-
»
$3.98
;
%
*#*#**#
• • • e •
a
a

kU



?
. 8.00 p.m. “The Heart of The Gospel”
• v
*
7
%
Subject
. $3.25
• •

ANGLICAN St. Paul’s
Sunday, March 10
10.00 a. m.—Sunday School 11 00 a. in —Morning Prayei 7 30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
Weekday Services 7.45—Wednesday Evening
8.00---Friday Evening '
Holy Trinity 3.00 p.m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s Service Withdrawn
with
$4.59
t
FORD TRACTOR
Ferguson System
Mens Marlborough Oxfords
A distinguished shoe for an exacting clientele. With fashion in mind
and twice the
• With the new Ford tractor, Ferguson system, you waste no time in making lengthy implement changeover». For Ferguson wheel-less implements, including the row -cultivator, may be attached or detached by one man in less than a minute without the use of tools. Front and rear-wheel tread adjustments also a simple, one-man operation.
There are other things about the new Ford tractor with Ferguson system of hvdraulically controlled wheel-fess implements that will amaze you. Come in and see it. Demonstrations miss
really new mechanized farm equipment.

wear in every pair.
Mens Calf Blucher Oxfords—Leather
heel, a classy and stylish shoe ..
Mens Brown Brogue Oxfords -
Leather heel and sole, damp proof.
Mens Black Calf Oxfords—Blucher style. A smart style in the modern price
range...........................
Mens Medium Priced Oxfords .......
Mens Black Oxfords-Special Value
Youth’s Black Side Oxfords-Sizes
12 and 13.......... $1.75 to $1.95
Boys Black and Brown Kip Oxfords
Sizes I to 5
$5.50
F<Ri.iir op North Clarendon Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge Sunday, Mar h 10
Thorne Centre, Morning Prayer 10 30 Greer n > 1 n Cinrterifl,
$5.50
S '; i if P i f ;
Evening Prayer
2.30
7 00
$4.95
gladly arranged. Don’t this chance to see the
Mid Week Serviosh Wednesday Evening Evening Prayer
$3.25
$2.50
7 30
Char ter id.


&
8
t Hawaii’s ‘Barking Sands’ j* Puzzle Natural Scientists
The world-famed "Barking Sands," E which were discovered in 1350, are on the Island of Kauai, in the Ha-Jj warian group. . W. A. Bryan, in his £ Natural History of Hawaii, describes ! them as consisting of a series of i wind-blown sand-hills, a half-mile or 2 more in length, along the shore at Nahili. The bank is nearly 60 feet high, and through the action of the wind the mound is constantly advancing on the land. The front wall is quite steep. The white sand, which is composed of coral, shells, and particles of lava, has the pecu-% liar property, when very dry, of to emitting a sound when two hand-g .'uls are clapped together, that, to to the imaginative mind, seems to re-r semble the barking of a dog. When E a horse is rushed down the steep
(i.M-	Wax Bears (Fancy)	2	can. for	25:	fi i ïfïV&l&ïï!? SZSTtoSlS
Standard Wax Bean» per	can.......	10:	| tag _ „„rlE! ,he dsgr„
Q Diced Carrots per can...............	10' fibf heat, the dryness of the sand.
%	1Q	Clmd the amount of friction em-
G M.	Whole lîeets per call	.... lo-	H ployed; so that sounds varying from
.g	to j 3 faint rustle to a deep rumble may
SiUieikraut	Per can.	 tjj'je produced. Attempts at explain.	^...0r	to! ng this rare natural phenomenon
Macedoine ( \ e^etable Mixture) L cans	r iave left much of the mystery still
, _	i o. it, iilt1j	p unsolved. However, the dry sand
lVas, Corn and Tomatoes, raucy amt ot-anuait	l joqbtiess has a resonant quality that
trf	.	¦_	.. to s the basis of the peculiar mani-
2 carry a wide assortment of Fresh fruits h, estatten, which disappears when “	and Vegetables at all times	u he sand 1S wet
G. A. Howard & Son Shawville, Que.
$2.50
g
• •••
• •

E See Table of clearing lines of Ladies Shoes î
y

r r-
Dr. Click's Shoe for Women-Widths
All sizes......
$2.50
$ Y S T I M
e-ee-eee.
a
ü
German brides
WHEEL-LESS IMPLEMENTS
Mens, Womens and Childrens
Life-Buoy Rubbers
a

Human Eyes Work Best 'When at 15-Foot Focus
Norma! * eyes are in a state of rest when viewing objects 15 or 20 feet away. When looking at nearer objects, the muscular effort of the eyes increases, and the closer the focus, the harder the eyes work. The ciliary muscle tenses to contract the pupil to cut out rays of light about the circumference of the eye’s lens, and the eye muscles contract to cause the eyes to converge and focus on the object. The eyes will do four times as much work in reading a book at six inches as they would if the book were held at a distance of 12 inches from the eyes.
Because the type of a book is larger and more easily perceived when close to the eyes, some children fall into the bad habit of reading with a book held too near the eyes. They do not realize that great strain is placed upon the eye muscles by reading at too close a focus.
Mothers should realize, according to the Better Vision institute, that the importance of good reading habits to conservation of their children’s eyesight cannot be over-emphasize
every five children graduating from grammar school has defective vision.
department
grocery
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
Phone. 278
9
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
That the Barking Sands are found n only a couple of the dryest locaii-it*s in the group is also significant uch of the shoreline of Kauai, for example, is hned with old coral evfs that have partly disintegrated nto sand that forms the beaches.

% f


MacLean’s
Model Eagle
A bald eagle which served for 28 /ears as model for the emblem of he United States on coins, currency, jur.ds and other official federal doc-trnents now adorns a wall in the Tampa. Fla., post office. The big mounted bird, whose picture was re-jruduced on billions of dollars of money and certificates, was presented to post office officials by Col. frank Burke, former Tampan and executive aid to the chief of the United States secret service. A plaque giving a history of the eagle uar.gs beneath the cypress roost on which the bird now rests in the post jffice. It relates that the eagle was .raptured on Prince William sound, Alaska, and presented to the National Zoological park in Washington. It died in 1911 and was stuffed.
RED & WHITE STORE
Successor to G. F. Hedging Co, Limited k
rrrEri-zrztîEEEEE'
&
pointing out that one in


tmmmnnH!

• I
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
I <
As a result of 'investigations of ( soil testing and sampling methods now under way, it is the belief of the Engineering foundation of New York, engineers will be able to plan building foundations with greater assurance and economy than at present.

25c
Pure Lard. 2 pounds ..
White Beans, 5 pounds Polled Oats, ô pounds
Black Tea, 4 pound.....
Soap Chips, 3 pounds.....
Jelly Powders, 5 for ....
Ivory Flour, 7 pounds....
Red & White Biking Powder, per tin
Prunes, 2 pounds.....................
Soda Biscuits, 2 pounds..............
Pickles, sweet, per jar.......:......
Figs, 2 pounds....
Tapioco, 2 pounds Sago, 2 pounds ..
Rive, choice quality, 3 pounds.
Coinmeal, 5 pounds.............
Health Bran, 2 packages .......
Oranges, per dozen ............
Grapefruit, 6 PT ..............
t
Cooper’s Concentrated Warble Fly Powder
25c


• #
• • • •
••••••••
• • • •

25c
Rog 6. Fraser
25c
Flowers, Gifts, Novelties
25c
A comprehensive research project designed to further engineering knowledge of load capacity and settlement resulting under load is being conducted by the committee on sampling and testing of the soil mechanics and foundation division of the American Society of Civil Engineers in co-operation with other engineering bodies, including United States army engineers.
Sampling methods employed by engineers throughout the world are being studied and collated under the direction of Dr. M. Juul Hvorslev, school of engineering of Harvard university; as the initial step in the program, it is pointed out in the report fo the foundation, which is sponsoring the studies.
The "science of foundations" is vi*-'1 o mi* :ons of people who in-tnr '.heir lives daily to the validity of ? uigr mt of engineers in planning e foi dations of Jams, sky-9 scr'pers, T.iaye piers, tunnv . or hi*,*! lining7* vails, ,r L
à
*#**##*#
• • • • ••••
• •
25c
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886
25c
For the destruction of warble maggots in cattle
Phone 160

25c

25c

Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in vite your patronage orders of $1.00 or over, phone us collect
25c
Home Color Schemes
Home owners faced with the problem of making old houses look younger may try coloring them with "youthful" colors. This can be done with almost any type of construction. Side walls of wood, brick or stucco may be painted with paints specially prepared for each surface. Roofs may be covered with one of several different types of factory-colored shingles, and color accents may be provided in window blinds and front doors
)f ¦¦mHpip
sralc reen roof and a flame-col- | )red front door.
25c

Cooper s Dry Kill for
vermin
On
25c
• see * e

25c
On orders of $5.00 or over phone us collect and we shall prepay.
25c

« ««t
25c
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and CentreSts
SHAWVILLE, - QUE.
25c
f ^
li
25c
Phone anytime between 7 a. m
and 11 p.m.
25c
ii
BHHIH A popular new r color combination consists 4 salmon-colored tfalls, em-
2*c
to
1





f



9




I


###PAGE###6###



More Home Loans Made In Ontario
Oil Shortage
Seoul Flag Presented to Polish Consul-General
Is Envisaged
VOICE
OF THE
PRESS
NEWS
sas

$19,320,774 Total I January Increase In Dominion 12 Per Cent.
Above 1939
_______ •	e
Home Improvement loans, fo-January totaling $514,578 are shown in figures released by the Hon. J. L. Ralston, minister of finance.
This represents an increase of 12 per cent, over the volume reported to the department during the cm responding month last year. The number of loans in January. 194'). 1,350, against 1,173 in January
An increase of $272.029 in Out arlo brings loans in this prov to $19,320,774; Quebec is second with an increase of $77,010, and A * berta and British Columbia share third place, Alberta showing the larger increase in volume of loans and British Columbia the larger number of neW advances.
Curtailment In Canada

Expert Says
May Be Dictated By War Rationing May Come
PARADE


m


Householders with oil-burning
back to
furnaces may have to go coal if the war lasts long enough. Oil-burning locomotives may uo replaced by coal burners and other oil-burning devices may likewise be affected. Gas for motor fuel may be rationed, and some buses
and trucks stop running.
These radical changes were envisioned in a paper by G. A. Ga-herty, M.E.t.C., president of the Montreal Engineering Company, dealing with the Dominion s economic wartime front, and presented before the Engineering Institute of Canada assembled
FOR*°MECHANIZED WARFARE
“The need of exchange for purposes may make it desirable to curtail domestic consumption ol petroleum products as the war proceeds,’’ stated Mr. Gahcrty.
“As we tffcome adjusted to a
war basis gasoline for private auto-
have to be rationed
11*
6
The inspired Turkish newspaper "Son Telegraf” last week sounded 8 warning note: “Toward the end ef March or the beginning of April events are going to precipitate themselves." At the same time the entire Turkish press turned its attention to Russia’s rich Caucasian •il fields across the border, openly hinting thta the British-French-Tnrk armies in the Near East, numbering nearly 1,000,000, might he considering an attac/k on that
region.
TWIXT DEVIL AND DEEP But while the world audience waited for the curtain to go up on the war in the Near East., sign if i-cant events in other quarters were ijpe with dramatic interest. In the twenty-fourth week after the Allies’ declaration of war on Germ-say, we saw Sweden, a powerful aetion long neutral, squirming on the horns of a dilemma. As ths
Jtussian campaign in Finland entered a new and more successful phase, the Swedes appeared to be STperil whichever course they weuld choose to pursue. In an extraordinary message, King Gustav V declared that Sweden must refan to send military aid to Fin-hmd because of the danger of being drawn into both the Finnish-war and the western European conflict. (In addition, passage was refused to foreign troops who wished to cross Sweden on Aeir way to Finland). Sweden’s eheke lay between accepting a
Russian-dominated Baltic; or dar-
tag ah,—to be attacked then by Germany, or Germany and Russia
hath.
EASIER TO PREDICT
The difference between a movie plot and a garden plot is that in the former, one can usually tell
what is going to come up.
—Edmonton Journal.
—o—
A WINDY CAMPAIGN
Ottawa despatch:
will be
*

XT
*

t
was
1939
:ice
Says an
“Whirlwind campaign launched by all major parties within a fortnight." With the accent ~ on the “wind," no doubt.
—Owen Sound Sun-Times
in con-

AMPLE MACHINERY
Lord Riverdale says Canada easily do with 40,000,000
war
“can
people." At any rate this country would have enough governmental machinery and railways to take
care of that number.
Kitchener Record.
Men Can Change
Their Minds Too

seldom exercise* their
Women
traditional privilege “to change their minds," according to Kar. Robinson, director of debate at Northern University, Chicago.
mobiles may as in England, and the use of buses and trucks may have to be stopped altogether where passengers and goods can be transported by rail. This all would reduce the
the sources of supply
NO INCREASE NEEDED
The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation reports a net operating surplus of $367,454 for the fiscal year. Owners of radios will see in the profit an assurance that their licenses will not again be increas-
Montreal Gazette.
SMALL TOWN LIFE
One hears, “What do you people do living in a small town?" There’s plenty to do in a small town if one wants to do it, and if « city resident became actively interested in the many forms of activities that are at his or her dis, sal we’ll wager that it would keep them so busy that there would be no time whatever left to think about what a tough break life has handed them, or something. “What do you people do living in a small town?" Next time you hear that kind of supercilious talk open up with both barrels and convince the city speaker they’re just kidding themselves but not others. Although we have had Huntingdon in mind when writing the answer to this question, all the other towns are alike.
—Huntingdon (Que.) Gleaner.



Robinson, who completed a two-year study to determine whether or not there was any relationship
and willingness to
I



\<A->
pressure on and release tanker capacity for transport of oil from North and South America ports to the theatre of war, and so make available additional supplies of oil and gasoline vital to the successful conduct of mechanized warfare.”
mÊÊÊ30SÊm
land when that country has been restored.
between sex change opinions, discovered that tend to cling tenaciously to their attitudes and opinions.”
ed.
“women
“Personal factors," Robinson “seem to be of greater im-
than facts in
said
portance to women solving problems."
contain quantities of Iodine which remedy this condition.
THEY FLY HIGH
In answer to an inquiry about how high birds fly, we have this to say, it all depends entirely up-the bird, of course. Storks and have been seen flying some 20,000 feet above sea level over the Himalayas in India. A vulture has been seen 25,000 feet above -, level around Mount Everest, which is also in the Himalayas.
1
)
Probe Grouches Of Customers
NTARIO
UTD00RS
»
Faults Found by Householders Are
Discourteous
Clerks Top List

Analyzed
BY VIC BAKER
A verbal war broke out in the week between Great Britain and Norway over the “Alt-nark" Incident — when 826 British sailors were taken off a Ger-“slave ship" in a Norwegian Hard . . . Britain announced the taking of the 60th German subnarine since the war started . • «-Satense cold on the Western Front lamlyxed almost all military so fhity ... the Bulgarian Cabinet
saderwent a shake-up; the new premier was seen to be more fav-erable to Russia than his predeces-an . . • Britain received a note ef assurance from Bucharest that Rumania had no intention of increasing its supply of oil to Ger-
Italy’s supreme defense eauncil met for seven successive days, showing concern over the ¦rission of British-French military fere es in the Near East . . •
IT COSTS MONEY
In Canada, Dominion Finance Minister Ralston warned that it to going to be a long and costly war, defense contributions for the mart fiscal year to total half a MHion dollars. In Ontario, the deficit for the fiscal year ending next March 81 was revealed as $4,444,929 ... the surplus forecast for the next fiscal year is $166,239, to be achieved in the pamim by reducing the provincial subsidy to municipalities; by cut-ig unemployment relief by 40 per cent, and Department of Education costs by $1,000,000 (Middle School examinations to be a^ ' tohed) ; and by undertaking a minimum of road construction in the
province.
on
even
cranes
Elmer P. Resseguie, of the Bcripps-Howard newspapers, told a recent meeting of the Toronto Ad-Tertlslng and Sales Club the results of a recent home Inventory conducted by Bcripps-Howard, delivered a penetrating analysis of the buying trends of the average man
and woman.
FISH WITH GOITRE
While we’re not ceratin as yet whether members of the finny tribe suffer from gout and similar , ailments, we have it on good authority that fish, in common with human beings, are suffer-
sea
many _
era from the ravages of goitre, bo next time you make a catch that is wearing a good-sized bump under its chin, don’t forget it might not be something it ate but just the visible effects of goitre.
The medicos blame this condition on iodine deficiency and for treatment prescribe this liquid as medicine. It seems that the agriculture experts have also discovered this condition of goitre in cattle, sheep and hogs as well with the result that iodine is now recommended in the food as a preventive measure.BflH and salt mixed in the animal’s food
MAPLE LEAFS • CANADIENS HANGERS. BRUINS* AMERICANS BLACK HAWKS • RED WINGS
You esn own the fineet Collection of greet hockey player# pictures ever offered—Picture# of all the player# in #11 the N.H.L. teams. All measure 6'x7#
Rat Bites Baby
Then Gets Father
RETAIL FAILINGS About the only "constant factor
business, said Mr.
'v
In the grocery Resseguie, was the finding that Saturday was by far the best sales day. An analysis of retail failI°** revealed that faults were divided Into the following percentages:
Discourteous clerks, 36 per cent; poor values, 9; Insufficient help, 8; misrepresentation, 8; poor	•
arrangement, 6; alteration and exchange trouble, 4; credit practices. 4; out-of-date, 3; and delays In delivery, 2.
These, said Mr. Resseguie, were the pet grouches of householders questioned during the survey, that made In 52,000 homes of 16 clt-
Pierre Englehart of Ellis Bay, Que., was bitten by a vicious rat when he fell asleep while watching for the rodent, which had bit-the face of his 8-months-old daughter the previous night.
Mrs. Englehart was awakened by the cries of the infant and she saw the rat in the bab/a cradle. The child’s face was bitten severely in several places.
Ellis Bay is on Anticosti Island in the Gulf of Lawrence.
f
711
Til
Gardening....
ten
mil are suitable for framing and they’re free I For each picture desired send one Bee Hive Syrup label or two Durham or Ivory Starch labels along with
• e
Spring may not really start with the first day of March next week but, regardless of the weather, the real gardener is already planning what is going to be done this season. Experts admit that it is possible to make some sort of a garden without a plan, in fact they usually point scornfully to many examples. But for r^al satisfaction, actual results and fun, they strongly advocate a little planning before field operations begin. There are seed catalogues and bulletins to be pored over, flower beds to be sketched on paper, varieties new and old to be selected.
Dreams In Packets When we buy a packet of seeds we are literally buying a dream which will come true. Unlike almost any other purchase this is only the beginning of our pleasure but the end of the expense. It is something that will grow into beauty or usefulness.
Sweet Peas Soon
Sweet Peas must be planted early. This plant develops its extensive root growth and upper vine structure when the weather is cool. If it does not get its feet well down into the soil then, when the days turn hot, it is liable to wither and cease furnishing 'ts daily quota of color and frag-
Bpeci/y N H L. players wanted. Rend requests to the address on every label.
The salt licks
PS1»
BEE HIVE SYRUP
He Wu Responsible For The AHmerk Incident *
wag
les.
US
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
m

5

t* »



%

%

//
%


%
22%
%
zZ
%
1



Wu 1 EE.


1
%
%



%


r
• •

*

A


c
1-

#2
%
%


; A


y

z

\
/
o
Winter

f\
Winter has more disguises than any April:
Today he is a bright-cloaked knave with bells,
Tomorrow an old man crouched in some dim corner While the wind a sorry tale of dead days tells.
Q
i
v
»
i

l

r
%
\t
3
ranee.	.	,
Planting directions are simple
but important. Successful gardeners advise a trench, dug at least a foot deep, filled within two inches, of the top with rich soil mixed with well rotted manure or old leaves. Seed is planted about an inch or two deep and just as soon as the soil can be worked. Rains will wash more soU into the trench filling it up gradually and thus adding further to root growth.

L
M

a

MICKIE SAYS—
X
/

»S*#pi
even If it meant going into Norwegian territory to do eo.
IF YA KIU SELL Akf/ MORE GOODS BV KJOT "TELVlW "FOLKS BOUT, -THEM, THEM IT POUT PAY TO ADVERTISE /

0 -IO
. . the Men Arc Beginning to Count Their Change."
“She’s Slipping . .
By GENE BRYNES
#
REG’LAR FELLERS—Pinhead’s Broke

I HAD THE BAD
, «ÿSSF
x MACHINE /
TH»'H
l BROKE MIRROR/
OH, MY/ SEE THE BROKEN
”AieAS6S?’
NY
1 «a&ii
3^3 •*.


n
\

\
1

«
* r
i
L
0
rx
v
M
O
¦¦1

V.

m



IV
RH Vlht	AU figto#


1
###PAGE###7###


Trained Youths Find Positions
What, In heaven’s name was she | T saying, she thought In the voice of that woman the hoy thought her to
the greater
T
»v •
T
yinest You Can Wuy
NORGE

A
A
be?
She went on, “I’d have told you that night if we hadn’t gone over the bank ... I don't blame you. No one tan help — not loving some one any linger. It’» —" she broke off, startled by the ironic truth of her own childish phrase.
Suppose it had been she, in her rson, who had had to speak
L
99 Per Cent, of 2,395 Boys And Girls Enrolled in Ontario Youth Training Courses April 1 to December 1, 1939, Are Now in Jobs
B
nUKUn
FOR 1940
W


:>
K
m
vS-
L
S
New Norge Refrigerators have an
Extra Shelf, Plus Extra "Cellaret"
No Extra Cost I
E

Compartment—at
Norman Hipel, Ontario
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Hon.
Labor Minister, has announced that 99 per cent of 2,395 of the boys and girls enrolled in Ontario in the Dominion-Provincial Youth Training Scheme from April 1 to Dee. 31, 1939, have been either placed in employment or hace positions to take when their courses are finished.
SOME AVIATION MECHANICS
Included in those placed are some' 200 boys who have enrolled in the Galt Air School where the province is contributing 50 per cent of the cost of training students as avaition mechanics. The students will graduate into the Royal Canadian Air Force on April 1. The Minister said his Department is beginning now to select a new class for aviation training and is studying possibility of increase the enrollment of the Galt school. Selection of students is made by a committee representing the Departments of Education and Labor.
Applicants for machine shop and welding courses must file with their applications an assurance that they have been promised a job on graduation, he said.
own i
those words — to Derek?
The boy made a drowsy motion as If to pat the hand that rested
so close to his own.
'That's swell," he said. "Because I really can't help it . . . But it was _ nasty — thinking I’d killed you . . . Now I think, If you don’t mind, I won’t talk any more — just now."
m
molasses an essential
FOOD
At this season of the year the wise homemaker takes a careful inventory of daily menus and a register of the various members of the family as to their reactions and requirements of the different food constituents. All find it nectary no doubt to Increase the leafy vegetables and the salads. Not a few of in this rigid climate are lacking the Iron requirements. Molasses, good old-fashioned black strap, is of the most important items in all diets for anemias of all types. It should be used at least three times a week, better still, every day in some form. I have a whole medley of things about which I should like to write you, but what could have a better reception from all mambers of the family than gingerbread, — that versatile cake
concoction?
a
t


¦
rf
LOVE LAUGHS
AT THE DOa »K
Ü

z
NOT PLAY - ACTING
Mark Rogers opened the door, and as the nurse came quietly forward, Constance slipped outside the room. In the corridor he overtook her.
"That's more like It,” he said with a relief that lifted the words from the. proslac. "He may really sleep now.”.
Then when he saw that her lash-wet, his eyes danced wick-


us
Copyright, IÇ3B, NEA Sorvke, lec.
BY ELINORS COWAN STONE
m
“Cloze r.
He’s had an opiate, and can't see very clearly.”
Constance leaned forward, clasped her hands together on the edge of the bed, and breathed. "Yes. I’m here, Jo-jo.”
The boy turned dark pain-hazed toward the sound of her voice,
Dr. Rogers murmured,
CAST OF CHARACTERS CONSTANCE MAI DWELL—her olne; the stand-in.
DEREK MANTHON—an artist
who loved money first.
HILDEGARDE THORVALD-Dtreh painted her portrait.
DR ROGERS—he met his most
difficult cose.
one

SEE THE NEW NORGE AT YOUR LOCAL DEALER’S
es were edly for a moment.
"You're not spilling perfectly good tears over being Jilted by proxy, are you? Don't you take your
play-acting too seriously?"
wondered what he
would say if She told him that for a moment she had almost forgotten that it was play-acting . . . Look at her probably, in that twinkling, quizzical way of hers, as if she something new and interest-
slide, as if he
eyes
shut them, shook his head slightly, and said incredulously, "They told you’d be here, but I didn't believe them."
*
Light Pillows
Claimed Best
Last week: So Connie starts on her strange stand-in assignment and meets Derek through the nurse
Ironically.
GINGERBREAD
me
Constance
2 eggs
1 cup molasses 1 cup sour milk
1	cup brown sugar
2	cups flovr (scant)
% cup butter
2 teaspoons ginger 2 teaspoons soda 2 teaspoons cinnamon Cream the butter and sugar, being sure that the sugar lumps. Add beaten eggs and beat well together. Have sifted the flour with spices. Add the soda to the milk to which add the mol as-(mixing well the sour milk and soda first». Add this last mixture to butter and sugar; mix well, adding gradually the flour. Place In
well-greased pan. 8” x 11". U
have at least two layers of
who Introduces them,
The nurse forgets Connie’s name !
Constance reached out a warm hand and placed It over the restless fingers near her on the spread. And Mark Rogers motioned the nurse away, and stepped back into the shadow.
The boy looked from the hand cn him fingers to Constance’s face and back again, peering as If through
Quality of Feathers Usually
Highest
CHAPTER XV
After a pause that seemed like a timeless void In which all sound and motion were suspended, Con-said, smiling with bright,
were
When a good home manager Is checking he»r stock of pillow slips, she should inspect the pillows as well. Not even a glossy new slip rejuvenate a pillow that is gone limp and flabby with age. Putting fifteen-year-old pillows in brand
is like slip-covering a
lug. wriggling on a
wondering just why the speci-wriggled the way it did; and what combination of clrcum-mtght make It wriggle dif-
Doll’s Mansion

were
men
stance
unblinking cycm Into Iterek's white, blank face, “Greetings you, Derek?" and Derek wet his iipB and Stammered with feverish cordiality, "Why, I'm — well, this im a surprise! Where did you drop
from?"
Miss Wilcox’s black eyes darted awiftly from one to the other of them; and Dr. Rogers’ voice sounded unnaturally loud when he said,
**Well — we’d better get down to business, hadn’t wo? I understand your going to re-decorate our leading lady. Mr. Manthon."
Constance knew that hands were shaking as he worked, frowning, glancing from her to the pictured Image of Camilla Wynne and back again — Dr. Rogers suggesting from time to time, ' A little more of that black stuff on her lashes, don't you think, Manthon?" ... "I wonder If the mouth's full , enough?" And Miss Wilcox. "Of her eyebrows should be all
haven't got all
A motor driver of Wood Green, London, England, Mr. W. R. Clat> worthy, has spent three years making a doll’s house. It has 1,000 tiles, glass windows, electric light and french-polished furniture. His only tools were a pen-knife and a sixpenny
just
has no
How are
a fog.
“Rut I killed you,” ho protested In a bewildered whisper. ' You were — dead ... I saw you — lying there — in the light of the car . . . 1 called you. but you didn’t move or speak . . . Then someone came —
and took you away."
“Rut you silly boy,” Constance
said, making her voice sing, caressing each syllable with her lips as
watched Camilla
stances
ferently ... He was doing it now.
Sho was casting around for some*
to him when
can
thing scathing to say he anticipated her.
(To Bo Continued)
now cases broken chair.
sour
In buying new pillows, keep in mind that the lightest eues are the
they contain a maxi-
ses
drill.
best because .	.
mum of feathers. Goose and duck
feathers make the best filling not
only because they are lighter than
chicken or turkey feathers, but also
because they are naturally springy
and resilient.
Brains Won t Slim
Race fans bet almost twenty-million dollars at Canadian horse racing tracks in 1939.
beat to
oiled paper well oiled or greased fitting neatly to all corners of the pan. Bake in a very moderate oven for 45 minutes. If baking too quickly on the top, cover with paper.
perhaps no icing Is as popular ps the plain sweetened whip cream. This makes a perfect dessert. My
FOR NORTH OR SOUTH ,| next faTorite is the following:
1	cup of cream cheese
2	tablespoons icing sugar (all level
measurements)
1 teaspoon grated orange rind
3	tablespoons orange juice 1 tablespoon grated candied ginger
iwo
The grain and bone-marrow in the human body are the only parts not affected by lack of food. Starvation, or slimming diets, may reduce the weight of every part of the body except theee two.
she had often Wynne read her lines in a closo-up.
"I'm here now, aren't I?"
"Why — yes. You seem to be
right here." The boy spoke slowly. "But you have before . . . Only you always went away when 1 woke up . . . And those times your face was — bleeding — the way it was that . . And never in that dress
Derek’s
salt and cook until thick and clear. Stir in lemon juice and serve hot over pudding.
SOFT AND FIRM The softness or firmness of a pillow is determined by the mixture of feathers used. Down (which is the soft undercoating that grows beneath feathers of water fowl) makes the softest, lightest and the most luxurious pillows. Many people, however, find all down pillows too soft. Down mixed in varying amounts with waterfowl feathers will give light pillows that have
enough firmness to suit the aver»
READERS. WRITE IN! Miss Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers She is pleased to suggestions on topics
night .
I've never s6:n you in that
ilress before anywhere.”
‘‘YOU’RE NOT DREAMING
providentially handed her from one of Camilla Wynne s most popular roles; and the proper
tripping to Constance’s
Two-piece Match-Maker
MAT-INCLUDED
receive
for her column, and *• oven ready to listen to your “pet peeves ” Requests for recipes
or special menus are l_ Address your letters to Sadie B. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto.”
%
It was a cue
40ur.se plucked, but day.”
we
r
in order.
the way Ik?rek had
. That
ROLLED GINGER COOKIES
/
"Miss
lino came
So that was
looked when he saw her . .
what she had said to Derek . .
what Derek had said

tongue.
"But, Jo-Jo, dear" -
remembered to laugh in that soft, caressing way that was one of Mias
most effective manner____ "don’t you suppose I ever
need a new dress? .. . And I wasn't hurt badly that night 7- Just stunned for a few minutes" — she then glanced for encouragement toward Dr. Rogers, who nodded from the background. "You can see for yourself that I’m all right, darling . . .
must rest. We'll talk
1 cup butter % cup lard 1% cup molasses
1	egg
2	teaspoons ginger % teaspoon nutmeg
1 teaspoon cinnamon 1 teaspoon allspice 5 cups flour 14 teaspoon salt i£ cup boiling water 4 teaspoons baking soda Cream shortening and sugar together. Add molasses and egg and beet well. Sift 2 cups of flour and spices and mix into creamed mix: ture. Add the boiling water and „»%t, one more cup of flour, thoroughly, and stand in a coot place for 30 minutes. Next sift the remaining two cups of flour with the soda and salt. Add to the mixture and place in refrigerator or a very cold place for 1 hour. Part of the dough may be kept over night In the cold place, If you do not wish to make all the cookies at one time. Roll out small portions of the dough at once, about % inch thick, using as little flour as possible. Do not roll these cookies thin as ordinary ginger oakes or snaps. Cook on greased pan or cooky sheets in a very moderate oveu! Cover with paper if inclined to burn. When cool, frost with your favorite cookie icing. Place in an earthen container. These will keep for a long time. This makes about
y
she even
age taste.
was And that was
\
3
to her.
Finally Dr. Rogers "Well I guess that Just about rings
the bell ... GO grab yourself some
sleep. Miss Wilcox. You may have
a difficult day ahead of you . . •
MaUlwell, if you are all
exclaimed,
MR. CAFFEINE-NERVES IS BLUE-PENCILLED
Wynne’s isms

.0
)

EDITOR: (to reporter) Never knew it to fail — my nerves as jumpy as a kangaroo and along comes the biggest story of the year !
'1

Now, Miss
ready —N
With a swift, veiled glance at
Derek's fair head, bent over the
cosmetics he was replacing in the
box, Constance followed the doctor
into the corridor.
Just outside the sick room door
he pauaM U> say with a wry little smile, “By the way. you d trotter call him Mo-Jo- If yon can bring vourself to It. it was Miss Wynne* playful little name for him. I understand . . . Aside from that, you II be guided by whatever It Is when they talk about
*
;

iV
ll
l.
But now you some other time. I’ll just sit here,
very quietly now, while you go to sleep."
Ho s<*emed to think that over, frowning with the effort of concentration. His hand fumbled for
m


I#
Mix
\
! MR. CAFFEINE NERVES:
\ No wonder you’re I jittery—the way j they work you!
t
z

her fingers. "Yes.

•• he said slowly. “I guess | all right-'this time. Your :
m
«

It's you .. -	-	.	,, _
hand is warm—and you smell so
sweet. You never touched mo any
of those other times you came.’
"That’s because I never did come
not really," Constance
"You dreamed all
know. But this time you
i1

have to people mean Intuition.” Then they

REPORTER: Sounds like you ve gpt a cast of
caffeine-nerves—too much tea or coffee.
Why not switch to Postum for a while.
went into & large, cool.
Z
before —
told him noftly.
shadowy room
"I'M HERE JO-JO’’
i was hovering which lay a slight
that, you __	___.
not going to dream — not about
me. nor anything else — just sleep.’
He sighed, a quivering little, sigh,
child who has cried himself
Tho second nurse
are
over a bed on
(ieorgo Thorvald, Constance
saw, was hardly taller than hi* slater, and not at all like her. Where H il egard e wan generously, if exquisitely made — all gulden tints, with blood coursing warmly — close under the skin — her brother was dark and slight, with crisp, black hair, a pale olive akin, and
sensitive, delicately chiseled feat-
wife,


figure.
\
/ tea*. -
/'
/ 3157
/ / SIZES 12 40
Vi
llkp a out.
/

“You were nice to come.’’ he said
the other night.

¦i
Mi
drowsily, “after —
But you were always a lot sweeter
to mo than I — deserved .. . That a
— trying to tell you
- mot the truck — that


-<
By LOUISE LENNOX
This smart style with its perky fitted jacket and neatly gored skirt will mix and match with your other sweaters, skirts and blouses to make several new costumes. For the south or spring vacations, striped cotton, such as chambray or pique, is ideal, b or towti wear striped sheer wool or one of the lovely rayon stripes or dots will make the nicest dress ever.
The pattern for the knotted top turban is included in the dress
1
MR. CAFFEINE NERVES:
Go way, Cub — befs a sick man!
what 1 was -
40 cookies.

§r
when wo -
didn’t deserve it, I mean —
don't seem to love you
_ not the way 1 used to %" — he frowned faintly didn't put it very well, 1 guess . . . Men shouldn’t have to — say things like that to — women . . . Women ought to — see it coming, and -
make it eauy/
be-
FIG PUDDING
LBS
1
. . Ernest Thorvald #
lires .
Derek had written, had been a Spanish lady.
As the boy stirred restlessly, Dr. Rogers sal<l In a swift undertone, "Sit here, please,” and Constance
chair by the side of
cause 1 -any more
1-	3 cup shortening % cup sugar
1 egg
% cup Kellogg's All-Bran
2-	3 cup milk
1 teaspoon Vanilla extract
1	cup flour
2	teaspoons baking powder % teaspoon salt
12 canned figs
Blend shortening and sugar thor
and beat until it
EDITOR: Say —you really had something there! I've been drinking Postum for a month and I feel so good 1 should he in the Sports Department !	_______
"1
MR. CAFFEINE-NERVES:
It's deadline for me when Postum comes on the scene!
dropped into a
the bed.	. t
The boy moaned, cried out sharp*
Cam, dear? . » . .


Con-
I did understand,”
said sitttly. "And you must bout that any more” . .
"But stance not worry a
> 4
jS_
ly, "Camilla
Can't you move? Oil, no — ami seemed about to open his eyes
» "
pattern.	.	•
Style No. 3157 Is designed for
sizes 12, 14, 16, 36, 38 and 40. Size 16 requires 4% yards of 39 inch material for dress and hat.
Send Fifteen Cents (15c), (coin is preferred) for Pattern, to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plain-
address and styl*
no, no:
oughly; add egg is light and fluffy. Soak All-Bran In milk; add flavoring. Sift flour, baking powder and salt together an<! add to first mixture alternately with All-Bran and milk. Put one drained fig in bottom of each greased muffin pan and fill 1-3 full With batter. Bake In moderate oven (357 degrees F.) about 26 minutes. Serve hot with fig sauce.
Yield: 12 servings (3 inches In
in
k
m
^31
m
Vi

' 4


i
r
¦P


FISC
i
I
S“”jsts
drink them. If you are one of these, try Postum s 30-day test. Buy Postum and drink it instead of lea and coffee for one month. Then, *1 you do not ful better, return the container top to General Foods, Limited, Cpbourg, Ontario, and we'll gladly refund full purchase price* plus postage. Postum is delicious, economical, easy ¦ i Ml and contains no caffeine.
U I
ly your name, number. Be sure to state size you
I
I
I
»
wish.
The New Spring Fashion Book is a "must" for a smart wardrobe. The full color illustrations of over hundred styles will help you select your clothes for all occasions. Send for your copy today. The price is 15 cents.
¥
»
I
!
1
I
diameter).
m
a

FIG SAUCE
.. „ i
to prepare,
P e-REE ¦
«as?
1 cup fig sirup	f
1 tablespoon cornstarch 1-3 teaspoon salt 3 tablespoons lemon Juice Add fig sirup gradually to corn starch, stirring until smooth. Add



#
ISSUE NO. 9—*40


....

.N
It

###PAGE###8###
7~-m?
F
S
i

?
l
Look Here
Teachers Wanted

I
will be rpcoived by ttie I For Salr, Wants, Found
Lost otc.
Certified Chicks
Applications ¦
undersigned Secretary-Treasurer until March 9, 1940, for 10 Teachers, holding Intermediate or Elementary Diplom
g2S2a3jfei«ssasasiE*
state experience and salary expected.
H. I. SMITH,
Secretary Treasurer,
. Maryland, Que.
Overcoats
Still at
Low Prices

\
o
i
Shawville Co-operative Hatchery
B. T. STARK, Manager
<
®s W iw
s !
< :
HOUSES FOR SALB-One span black colt«
Quebec
*. rising 2 years, mare And gelding ; Work Team. 7 and 8years. Apply to NORRIS HORNER, Shaw ville. Phone
Shawville,
All the flocks are blood-tested and under the
QuebeeJGovernment Inspection.
Eggs must weigh at least 2 ounces each.
Our chicks are issued from vigorous birds
of standard size and selected for egg production
3
one
\
13
i
1
!
FOR SALE —About fifteen tons of loose hay. Apply to W. F. Phitchard, Wyman, Que.
Vehicles and Horses For Sale
A fine range to choose from, all shades and sizes.
Priced from $15.00 to $25.00
Wealthy gentleman’s highclass vehi-
T'S:
slightly used, cost $300.00. Sale price Apply to Donald Fraser, for pair $76.00. ' Choice young- Marea I Street, Ottawa. Ont.
and Geldings, special bargain*. Middle-age Driving Mare, extra good roade&
$60.00
<
FARM FOR SALE—Lot No. 0 1). on
New barn.
331 Waverley
BREEDS
Barred-Plymoilth Rock — White Leghorn — New Hampshire
Chicks will be available on the
following Dates.
t
>
FOR SALK — Matched pair of black horses. French Canadian, mare and gelding. 3 and 4 years old ; also a number of grade Durham milch cows, some already freshened. Apply to Hilliard Bkattik, Onslow Corners, Que. Phone, ShawvIHe, 12-0.
Apply to W. J. SMITH
Renfrew, Ont. Reference, Reuben Smith, Shawville
x
DRY CLEANING
We send dry cleaning to Renfrew once a week, so bring your suits or dresses and* leave them here.
$12.00 per 100 12 00 41 4
11.00	44	"
10 00	44	44
9.00	44	“
March, 25 and 28..............
April 1, 4, 8, 11, 15, 18, 22, 25, 20
May 2. 0, 9...............
44	13, 16, 20, 23 .........
44	27 and 30...............
June 3, 0, 10, 13, 17, 20, 24, 27..
For White Leghorns $1.00 less per 100 than above prices
Order Early—Many hatches already partly ordered. To avoid
Disappointment Order Today

FOR RENT—Well Improved farm, I miles south of ShaW ville, near School and C N R. Station. Apply Horner, Box 196, Norandn, Que

to Claudk
Farm For Sale

Norris R Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
FOR SALE—A number of Pure bred
school, butter and cheese factory. Easy |shawvllle 30 31. Terms. Also a quantity of pressed hay
Apply to
PETER WILSON,
Cobdcn, Ont.
8 00 “ 1
> i
S Î
Phone, 43
FOR SALE—One blood horse, gelding 6 years old. 1150 lbs., suitable for work or drive. Will exchange for black mare. 2 or 3 years old. Apply to Kami. Doom. Maryland. Que. Phone 23 0.

%
tv
of grass on low lands along the south shore of the St. Lawrence— possibly onè of the earliest .'records of an army worm outbreak.
Mechanized or Motorized? .
Mechanized and motorized are military terms meaning two different things, though many who use the words do so interchangeably. Mechanized units are those with vehicles built to travel over all but the most difficult terrain—tanks, combat troop carriers and gun carriages moving on caterpillars or multiple axle arrangements. Motorized units a re simply units equipped with enough trucks to transport the entire ozganization. In the case of motorized artillery, guns usually are
The supply of registered seed in jls rolling stock oil highways except Canada is rapidly growing less by *n the limited wav that any truck feeding and by sale through the may be operated off a prepared grain trade. This is particularly road. Military timetables, inciden-true of the rust résistent varieties tally, give 150 miles as the av- j of wheat and oats, says the Agri- erage day's march for a mechanized I cultural supply Board and urges division and 175 miles as the av-that it is important that orders erage day's march for a motorized be placed without delay for any division.	I
registered seed required for spring planting.
Registered seed is variety, practically weed seeds and high tion. It therefore gives better returns in yield, quality and grade.
Good seed reduces risks, and is the first requirement for bigger and better returns to the fanner. A product properly produced is already more than half marketed
Registered seed is sold only in sealed containers, government-tagged and government inspected, and does not require cleaning.
' In wartime nothing is more important than food. The best products come from the best seed and it was never more essential to produce the best than now.
Fur Pelts Wanted
FOR SALE — Two brooder houses in good condition. 10 x 12 and 12 x 12. Apply to Foster Johkioan, It. 3. ShawvlJle. Phone 29—2.
February Hospital Report
Pontiac Community Hospital reports 20 admissions duiing the month of February with a total of 261 hospital days, deaths and 4 births
M
y
Old Style Seismograph

I wish to announce to the public that I am in the market for all kinds of Seasonable Fur Pelts and assure highest market prices.
NORRIS R. HORNER
Licensed Fur Dealer, Shawville, Que.
I c •» d •	L Airplanes Prove Value
I	%jraBena I ^	z
! 30 years ago is still recording earth- men and supplies to fires has helped quakes in Mobile, Ala., and doing ! to, simplify many of the problems
of the newer .nd c.tlier	«ghjm^d Ws^co,
On two occasions recently the old ice- u; s- department of agriculture instrument at Spring Hill college sports. Days once were required was the first in the nation to record l0 transport fire crews and equip-
earthquakes, according to Rev. A. nf?ent mt0 the back. country J. Westland, S. J., physicist and vice : airplane does the job ,n minutes
'"“r % '? r
Father. Westland said the Ideal “™al	• .klT,d
¦
The^machine .drkse, the same
machine move, but the needle re-	and searching crews in guid-
mains stationary, recording the os- . fi	^ t0 f ot fires back of : in which the nerve and muscles of
cillaticn on smoked paper. Ink is ^ "hich can £e seen from the the body are crdonologically weak too smeary to leave a clear record. . , and ^ „jving other emer- I and almost useless yet, when exam-
gency messages.	I^ah^be^reatmen^is9he^
ministration by mouth of guanidine, a common drug closely related to urea, which is widely used as a farm fertilizer. Dr. Ann Minot, chemist at Vanderbilt university, Nashville, Tenn., declared in an interview that while the drug is not a cure for the disease, it has benefited the seven patienus on whom it has been tried and has given them relief sufficient that they are able to take care of themselves.
;
FOR SALE — Diningroom extension Table ; 1 Chinn Cabinet ; 1 Cabinet mil 1 Portable Vfctrola both in good working order ; 1 Dash Churn ; 1 Iron Bed ; I Dresser ; 1 Fire Extinguisher in good condition. Applly to Amky Barnktt, Shawville.
There were 2
>
Mr E C. Lawn Named Liberal Whip
Quebec, Feb. 28 —Felix Mes-ier, of Veroheres; Charles Delagrave, of Quebec West ; E.*C. Lawn, of Pontiac, and J. A. Francoer, of Montreal-Mercier, were chosen at a caucus tonight as Liberal party whips in the Legislative Assembly.
Phone 43
Vitamin From Molasses
May Prevent Gray Hair
In sugar cane may lie the cure for graying hair. Scientists at the University of California revealed recently an improved method of extracting an "anti-graying” vitamin from cane molasses. They reported the vitamin effective on animals, but said they were not yet ready to try it on human beings.
Drs. Oliver and Gladys Emerson, Herbert Evans and Ali Mohammad, all on the staff of the university’s institute of experimental biology, reported on the progress of experiments inspired by Dr. Agnes Fay Morgan’s discovery of the presence of the potent vitamin in the "Vitamin B complex’’ last year.
Dr. Morgan split the complex vitamin into several groups, one of which prevented beri-beri in man, another pellagra, a third a skin disease in chicks. She determined that if one of these fractions was omitted from the diet of experimental rats the hair began to fade to gray. Fed the missing substance the rats regained their original color.
Dr. Emerson, his wife, Dr. Mohammad and Dr. Evans thereupon undertook to isolate the vitamin fraction which affected hair color.
Pulpwood Wanted
:>
The
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balaam pulpwood, F.O.B. cars on C. N. or V. P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick-up by trucks Phone or write,
/ >
2
v>
<s
1
?
J. M. ARGUE, Shawville, Que
1
Phone 76
FOR SALE
** 25 000 " Sheets Galvanized Steel Roofing ordinary and Council Standard. Sen!» ridge and rafter lengths for estimate. EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd. 1335 Delorlmler Avenue
Montreal, Quebec

pure to free from in germiria-
Tuberculosis Cure Seen
The eventual eradication of tuberculosis—with or without a chemical cure—now seems assured, believes Dr. Henry D. Chadwick of the National Tuberculosis association. ‘‘There has been an average annual decline of 4.3 tuberculosis deaths per 100,000 population since the association was founded in 1904,” he stated recently. “I see no reason why the decline shouldn’t persist until the disease is eradicated. The improvement continued right through the depression, too.” Dr. Chadwick, who is president of the association, said that he took this to indicate that living conditions in this country have been kept up. Meanwhile, medicine is looking hopefully to chemistry for a specific cure. Most of the progress has been through understanding of the disease and the treatment of it.
V
7


z'
Z
m
?
SA
r

DOES TH
fire
A-k your neighbors what Bray Chicks did for them. Then see me for prices and delivery date-*.
C. Harold Boulton
Bristol Egg & Poultry Association BRISTOL - QUEBEC
Muscle-Disease Treatment
A new treatment for a rare muscle-destroying disease which makes its victims so weak that they cannot swallow food was reported recently in Memphis, Tenn. The disease is .known as myasthenia gravis,
Improved Cattle Quality
There was an encouraging improvement in the quality of cattle arriving in 1990 at public yards in Canada. According to the Animal Review of the Market Information Service, Dominion Department of Agriculture, choice and good grades of cattle substantially increased in the various weight ranges and classifications while the percentage of medium and
marketings for Canada exceeded
those of 1938 by about 20,000 head, the heavier weights of steers showing a decline, This is believed to be due to the fact that, under the beneficial terms of the Canada-United States Agreement, the heavier weights are finding their way to the United States where there is a demand for them, whereas in Canada the tendency appears to be toward smaller roasts and cuts of beef, reflected in a greater demand for lighter weights of live cattle.


/
Wilson’s Garage
SAVE THE TUBES !
Children all over the Province of Quebec are hunting and collecting empty toothpaste, shaving cream, vaseline and medicine tubes and turning them in either to the school teacher, the Junior Red Cross or to the local branch of the Senior Red Cross. Why ?
These tubes are worth money—lots of it. They are nearly all tin and the value of tin is going up Red Cross House, in Montreal, will sell these ipty tubes which will be melted down d become tubes again. The money the Red Cross receives from this will go toward paying the cost of the Travelling Medical and Dental Clinics, which move through the Province and help the sick who are a long way from doctors and dentists. If there is sufficient money, some of it will be used to obtain woollies and all kinds of warm things for little refugees in ^inland and Poland who have been turned out of their homes in winter because of the war.
Her Excellency, Lady Tweedsmuir, the wife of the late Governor General, when she was at Red Cross House, Montreal, early in February, dropped the first empty toothpaste tube into a special box. Now, school children in and around Montreal are turning in tubes. Gradually the collecting is spreading through the province.
When a collection of tubes has been made, contact a branch of the Senior Red Cross. Do not try to mail or express the tubes direct to Montreal b** cause they are heavy and the expense would be high. The local branches of Red Cross will do that.
There are other things to remember. If the cap on a tube is made of Bakelite or plastic stuff—anything that does not look like the rest of the tube—take off the cap because that makes unnecessary
The Same Reliable Service
30
b
b
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Shawville Agricultural Short Course
April 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 1940
Total cattle
Ford Service
0
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
em
)
Subjects for five-minute speeches Public Speaking Contest
an
J. P. Wilson
Fireplace Heating
Fall and spring heating costs can be reduced by an efficient fireplace, and in extremely mild climates it is often found that no other heating equipment is needed. Factory-made fireplace units, designed to circulate heat throughout the entire room and even into adjoining rooms, are being manufactured and may be installed in the home. Fireplaces are also growing in popularity as a source of heat for basement recreation rooms.
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
j
B
Contestants, 14 years and under •
1 - My Impressions of the Royal Train 2—My Favorite Farm Animal.
3 —Vegetable Gardening.
4—	The Farm Chores.
5—	My Hobby.
6—	The Farm Poultry Flock.
Contestants 15 to 20 years, inclusive
1—	The Royal Visit of 10*.
2—	Rural Recreation.
3—	Song Birds
4—	Farm Bookkeeping.
5—	Keeping our Main Roads Open in the Winter
0—	The Rural Problem.
Contestants 21 to 25, inclusive
1—	How I Can Help Win the War.
2—	Adult Education.
3—	Exploiting our Agricultural Possibilities.
4—	What I Expect from the Farm.
5—	Efficiency on the Farm.
0—Bacon Hog Production.
Insects In History g
Cutworms in Canada have caused injury in the fields for a long time, in the report of M. Tibiei ge on the state of agriculture in Acadia in 1066. At a period when there were only eight farms in the valley of the Saint John River, mention was made that one colonist had sowed a considerable quantity of wheat but had harvested no crop because the "worm* had eaten the seed in the ground."
The location of that farm is well known. Wire worms are uncommon there at present but cutworms are usually abundant, so the inference is that cutworms were responsible for the damage.
Almost a century later in 1791, a paper was published in the Quebec Gazette on the possible cultural prevention of damage by cutworms, one of the earliest Canadian references to economic eu-, . . -	,	___. ,	..
tomology in Canada. Incidentally *^&bt and cannot be sold anyway, it mentioned in that year cater- hilver paper is NOT being collec.ed pillars had destroyed a quantity J now.
French Specialist Wanted
Applications will be received by the undersigned Secretary up until March 8th, 1940, for A Protestant French Specialist holding a first class certificate to teach in the Shawville High School. Applicant to state age, experience and salary expected
In Memoriam
J. A. DEAN, . Secretary Tresurer,
Shawville, Que.
In loving memory of a dear wife and mother, Mrs. Abe Sheppard, who passed away March 7, 1937.
Ever remembered.
Husband and Family.
Teachers Wanted
Applications will be received by the undersigned Secretary up until March 8th, 1940, for Protestant Teachers to teach in the Clarendon Rural Schools and the elementary grades in the Shawville High School.
CARD OF THANKS
'j
We wish to express our heartfelt thanks and appreciation for the acts of kindness, and tender sympathies expressed in our recent sad bereavement in the loss of our only child, Roy,
Mr. and Mrs. Walton McCorriston.
g
J. A. DEAN,
Secretary Treasurer, Shawville, Que.
Où
u rr
