###PAGE###1###

«



» f
No. -0, j7tu Year
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United States
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THU BSD A Y, DECEMBER 14 10:Mi
1
A Christmas Concei t will be held	at ( ampbei. * Bay
In No. 5 School, Clarendon, on 9t. Paul's A.Y.P.À. will present Thursday, Dev. 21st, at 7 80. The their three net play “He's My Pal" proceeds of which are in aid at Campbell's Bay town hall, on of the Red Cross Society. Admis- Friday night, Dec. 15tb, under the elon. 25 and 1% vents.	auspices of St. George's Young
the Red Cruse. H I I wM I
Mr. Benj. Hines Honoured en
Eighty eeventb Birthday
GEORGES CARON |COWLING
BUSINESS
». A., S, C. L.
Advocate, Barrister
Shawville Hardware
At Campbell's Bey Friday. Saturday and Monday
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
Proceeds In aid of
Bristol Memorial Sunday School will hold their annual Christmas Tree and Entertainment on Friday evening, Dec. 22nd, at eight dock. All children will be ad' mi tied free ; adulte, 20 cents.
r
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
ibis old reliable school ha*
removed to larger and finer premise*. The finest and most modern in Ontario.) school with
reputation. Open all year.


Gift Suggestions for Christmas 11939
<f<
On Sunday last, 10th Inst., Mr.
Benjamin Hines, of Zion section,
Clarendon, was the guest of hon«| SHAW VILLE ' our at a birthday dinner at the home of his daughter, Mrs. Garrett Walsh, the occasion being his 87th birthday. The guests included his wife and helpmate of 57 years and their children and grand* ren.
t	rFeaatl.ee
Attend a an established
St. .Matthew’s Church, Cbarteris. will present a Christmas Tree and Concert on December 10th. The programme will include sketches, dialogues, etc., by children and adults. Admission, 26 and 10 cts.
QUE.
Dp. R. E. DAGG .
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medico I Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL. QUE. PlATIAf I3SS
». I. COWLING, Preilleift
». ». WAIT»*AIT I
FrinelHl
Sleds,
Brier Pipes,
Flash Lights,
Pocket Knives,
Hockey Sticks,
Aladdin Mantle Lamps, Chrome Plated Sauce Pans
Oven Glass Wear "Pyrex”,
Rolls Razors, Electric Irons,
The annual Christina* Tree of
st. Phura
school will
fflican Church Sunday HBHHH be held on Monday night, December 18th. A program will be provided. Everybody welcome. A box will be placed at the door for anyone desiring to make a donation.	- %
The annual Christmas tree and program of Shawville United Sunday School is being held in the Theatre hall on Friday, Dec. 17th, at 7 80 p. in. An, excellent program has been prepared including a play with about 50 characters taken from Dickens' “Christinas Cm roll. ' Admission, adults 15 cts ; all children of the community free.
JAMBS A. MILLAR
Mr. Hines, we are pleased to state, i* enjoying fair health.
». A
advocate, barrister.
l29 Main St
Leather Bill Folds
• 9
Sunday School 0 losing of St. Alban s Church
etc:
Skiis and Ski Poles
Hull,Que-
DR. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Sait 503
1224 St. Catherine Street? West MONTREAL, QUE.
», s
The annual Sunday School Ulos ingof St Alban * Church, Park-man, was held in the United Church Hall, Stark's Comers, Friday evening, Dec. 8th.
Rev. T. Ligget acted as chairman for the programme. Miss Rebecca Hobbs directed the games and contests. Refreshments were served by the Ladies Guild At the close of the evening Santa Claus arrived and distributed gifts, candy and apples to the scholars. An enjoyable evening was «pent by young and old.
A(PontiacHoute, Shewville,
Wednesday afternoon.
Hockey Boots and Skates
every
A t Moyle's Hotel, Campbell's Bey, every Wednesday morning.
BtLAIR 3ffi7
HARLAMDO. ROWAT 1 a«SKSto8SÎ9S58£
N0TA"V ,UBUC Est. C. J. Caldwell
MARRIED
Kirkpatrick—Hades
At Ottawa 'on Saturday, I Nov,
25th, VJ'tth bv Rev. John McKay,
Helen Winnifred, eldest daughter I Obf^ i of Mr. and Mrs Geo. Eades, to Kphriam Frank, youngest son of| __ Mrs. Geo M. Kirkpatrick and the;
Lm | late Mr. Kirkpatrick,%all of Carle-ton Place, Ont.
Graduate of McGil University •
8HAWVILLE. QUE.
c — In the G. F. HoUgiris RuiJd j|,p
Main Street, Que.
Shaw ville and District Branch Red Cross Society
A meeting of the officers and the executive of the Shawvillo and
District Branch of the Red Cross,	,
was held in the committee room Un Tuesday evening oi last on Friday evening, Dec 8th.	week, member* of Sliawville Bad
It was decided by the meeting min ton Club assembled in the that a summary only of the blub room to honour Misa Jean minutes of their meetings need be Kelly, a member oi the staff of published in The Equity. The the local office of the Bank oi Rev. A. F. Pokes, treasurer, gave Montreal, who lia.® been trans- gi1AWV;|ie
Tot»)........ ». iggSf-g'..Af'SSnS'Z	5
on, Mr. G. T. Paul and Mr. G A |	I The marriage of Miss Morna Ade,
sss±?."i& p£Js:d”dH“<s ÈS.ïi.'teriiSïK*—
gins and Mrs. Harold Hayes.	---- Ottawa, son of Mr. and Mr*. J. II.
Mrs. R G. Hodgms reported for Many friends in this community Brown, of Onslow, Que., took the organization committee. The j we|:e shocked to learn of the sou- place recently in St. John’s Angli-report showed visits made and ideu passing of Mr. John W. Hor- can Church, Quyon. Rev. Liddon units formed in the Townships of ner- at hi, home near MvKee Nobitt officiated.
Clarendon, Bristol and Thorne. Station, on Friday mo ning.	I <The bride wore a teal blue crepe
The meeting expressed apprécia-j Mr Horner died in the early frock, smartly trimmed with tiny tion of the efforts which have been , morn\ng while still in lied. He pearl buttons, with black accès-made to date.	had spoken to his wife at about sortes and a corsage of Talisman
A motion, dealing with the ^ 0’clock, and when be did not roses. "W ^ WM r M 1 following was passed : That apph ttrj9e at the usual hour, the family Miss Alice Brown, sister of the
cations of units formed in the	alarmed and went to his bridegroom, attended the bride,	JP* Ç ™ -,
various Municipalities and apply-1 mm ^ that jja^ passed wearing a maroon taffeta trimmed At Pontiac House, Sbawville,
aua-asrjyto s	^ in Bl.i!tol	rrcs **»*»*».
placed on file, and that material#	township ($0 years ago, the son of	roses. Mr. Clarence	Brady	acted
lie given as desired and when	the late Ralph Horner and his	as best man.
possiple, ....... wife, the former Jane Smiley. In Mr. and Mrs. Brown have taken
The 1 resident reported that the ^997 he married Amelia E. Smiley, up residence in Kingston, Ont.
Rev. I). Andrew», of Campbell e who ,„rvive,.	'
mittee be sent to Cnmpl>ell e Bay engaged in farming and for St. Mary s Chtirchf Quyon, was on Monday evening for . the pur- HOme ypHn, inducted a general	the scene of a pretty wedding
pose of forming a unit. Several 9tore. jn 1923 he became a resident	Tuesday morning, Dec. 5th, when
of the Committee were lie** to K° of Clarendon, extending his farm-	Miss Iona Ann Brennan, daughter
on that date.	ing operations to the raising of of Mr*. Charles Brennan and the
of to£ïïif£i 5,.1'îbS?"^	S,t'5^< JerMy *“» Ho'“el”	Sf "h„	3*E	0»d«.!.of MeOil
still a number of ladies in the	Mr. *Horner was keenly interest*	Mrs. John Trudeau.	Quyon.	Rev.	Post Graduate Work in Detroit and
ai,dÆ Fïtriï°z'S^:&T:,ir,
two units already formed. The matters/ While a resident of	at the organ, playing the bridal	SHAWV1LLE.	QUEBEC
Organization vommirtee placed Bristol he served for many years	march from Lohengrin. During	Phone	10
SsSSiS iSEFer
assistance which they ma> desire, coming a resident of Clarendon he ist rendered Meditation and The meeting passed a resolution, Ithe township in the capa. "Stabat Mater.” ^
of chairman of the School The bride was given in marriage He was a past president by her uncle, Mr. P. J O Ham, and
w*» attended by Mia, Blanche E„( E.r,N... ..d Thro.tApeei.il, Trudeau, Ottawa, sister of the	\
Miss Jean Kelly Honoured

J. OSCAR LAFLAMME

Our Store is Loaded With Gifts
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc,
: Campbell * Bay, i (In Lawn Block)
Bki.l— Stewart
«Jr kick
The United Church parsonage,
was the scene of a
Here Are A Few Specials
CLINTON H. DOWD
B A LL B
Advocate, Barrister
Main Street . -
Phone, Slier. 1304
' At Pontia House, Shawvillt. u
e :sry Friday evening.
C.L.
• #
Cash in bank Cash on hand In hands ot Cm uvaser*
# •
etc
H
• • •
/
IIl.LL, yi K.
• 7
522 40
Total —
Pledges 11900 per month for 12 mouths 228 00


ue
Ladies’ Overnight Bags and Week End Cases
DONAT Le GUERRIER
LL. e..
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
Made in Fine Alligator Leather, black or brown, nice Brush, Comb and Mirror Set*
Fitted with
m.A
• #
$8.50 and 12.00

Brown-Adb
Branch at Quyon; will call any Monday on request.
5* * J)

New Angora Parka and Clove Sets,
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT .. BARRISTER
US MAIM STRUT
HULL, QUEBEC
$5.00
per set___
PHONE, *..221»
z
At Proadfoot’* Hotel, Campbell» Bay every . Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p m.
Bath Robes
$2.95 and $3.25
every
Ski Jackets
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAW VILLE
... $6.00
Girlish style* warm Mackinaw Cloth_
• • •
Gloves, Purses, Cosmetic Sets, etc.
Phone#:.
o
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
Men’s Fancy Pyjamas
Dental Surgeon
$1.95
Warm Y'ama Cloth in new colours
• • • • •

Brush snd Comb Sets
Smart Leather Case. A gift most men realy cere about
$1.50 each
The meeting pawed a resolution, wrv that all delegate» appointed by city
the various imite of the municipal. Boar(j ...__ „ __ ____________
ltitiH and whose names have been 0f Agricultural Society No. 1, and registered with this branch of the Mt thy time of him death RedCroms, would be notitied of the vice president. ™ meetings of the Central Body by vative in politic*, and
religion. «¦¦¦ years he issued motor v license* for Pontiac County. JHH -W-*
I m - ¦	, flL	Surviving, in addition to his over taffeta
and Sons, of Ottawa,the name ^ are an only 90Df Leonard, on - • •
m « I the farm < two daughters, Mrs, L.J------------- —
of the I gjwood (Jameron and Mrs. Sidney pleted the costume. Her hat nch of 1 Dniner. of Shawville. and one “off-the face** in navy blue
Men’s Romeo Slippers
H. K. NEILSON, M.D

New Style Zipper, etc.
$1.95 to $2.95
• i • i •
__t_ was a
He was a Conter* I bridegroom, a* bridesmaid. Mr.
Anglican Edmund Trudeau, brother of the For the past two bridegroom, acted it* beat
otor vehicle I The bride wn- attired in a street
length gown of n* vy blue sheer wo. »nUw,^, made with short puffed sleeve*, fitted bodice, white face	and HHliillHHi
M CO I CAL ARTS RUILOINR
I
c
an
Tobaccos, Ties, Socks, Handkerchiefs, etc.
post card.
The President and Secretary were authorized to open an account with ijuhn M. Garland
an
OTTAWA, - ONT.
’NONE, 2--79C1
Toys For The Kiddies
Dolls
¦MHÉMill of the Red Cross.
The Committee Room m JElwood Cameron and Mrs Sidney pieted the costume. Her nat wa* Shawville and District Branch of |Draper, of Shawville, and one “off-the face” in navy blue f It. the Red Cross will be open on the brother, Albert, of Sturgeon Falls, with matching aeee**o?iea. following days and hours oi each The funeral on Sunday afternoon corsage wa* Sunset nwe* week as stated below :	was attended by a large number The bridesmaid wore a frock of
Tuesday....... 8 00 to 9 iO pm. of fives and friends from all streetdength style in tropu-al b»un
Satuniay, .... 8 00 U> o.OU	p.iu.	over the district with many from	crepe,	embroidered bodice and
Saturday, .... 8 U0 to 9.00	p. ru.	distant points Service was con	bustle	back. Her hat w%* bustle
•follywing ladies have been	^^ted at St. Paul’s Church,	hat in	navy, as were her other a#*
appointed in charge of the	room	:	Shawville, by Rev T E R. Nurse,	cessories Her cordage was Prem
Knitting, Mr-* G G. McDowell and Interment was made in Maple 1er rosea
Miss Irene Shaw. Sewing, Mrs Grove cemetery, the pall.bearers After the ceremony a reception R. G Hodgins and Mrs. L H. being, Messrs. 6. A. Howard, John was held at the home of the hrid«* MacLean.	, \A	Caldwell, Lome Armstrong, John mother, after which tha young
The room will b« closed for the ^ Hodgins, Norval Kilgour and couple left on a hut motor trip. Christma* holiday, Dec 28rd to a. H. Horner.	j For travelling th** hnd* donne*# *
Jan y 2nd.	A large number of beautiful teal blue c at " ith g*ey fur e**llar
floral tribute* were received by over her wwidoig gown. Tney
will reside in Quyon,
«mall button* com
Gordon T. Paul
INSURANCE
Zee our special at
.. $1.00
Her
########
# # #
• • • •
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
The
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
Shawville
Quebec
T B. B. Nurse,
Swer«rt*ry.
SHAWVILLE - QUE
the bci va\od family.
X
###PAGE###2###
X

therefore compelled to safegaari themselvee end as a result Issued
marine insurance policies subject
to warranties whloh stipulated that ships should not take part la certain defined trades where.lt was deemed the >lek was greater. Such warranties, however, were open te suspension upon payment of additional premiums. Aa shippers wets indisposed to pay these, and derwrlters hesitant over quoting rates, the development of the route was handicapped.
port the Committee has issued on this subject, but It is the first in which it has stated that the Hudson Bay route may now be deemed no more dangerous than the 8t. Lawrence.
Fag, Ice, Magnetic Disturbance#
It will be recalled that when the Committee issued Its first report on this matter, nine years ago, it held that navigation In the Hudson Bay was more hazardous than In other parts of the world, due to the dangers from fog, Ice and magnetic disturbances, Underwriters wore
medicine children have developed two or three years beyond the cur rently accepted average.
Bigger At University Dr. Frederick F. Tladall. Associate of Paediatrics at the University of Toronto, credits the Increased robustness of youth to the "more widespread and liberal use of milk, cheese, fruits and vegetables." __	,
Dr. George I). Porter, veteran dir ecto-r of the Men Students* Health -Service, at the Toronto University, says from his measuring and weighing experience of freshmen classes since 1920 that th« average height has jumped W inches — from five feet eight inches to five fee Inches
has increased C’i pounds — from 138 to 144V*.	'
Seen From A Bombing Plane, Ocean-Going Ships Are Like Toys



: #
-¦ '

k#



W*#'
i
I

SttoA
.V

W

«
By William
Ferguson
This Curious World

I t

iie
m
"SwSrQGËI

n
and the average weight

; 4;
»
KVS v' v ,

< x
x?l
m

AMERICAN
INDIANS

% <

ml
' •


i
Eskimos Hit By War Price Rise.
m

JB
if &
s
i
KNEW THE
----ACT O
\ MAKING
(A
I
lÉfe

m


m
n


VI
High Cost of Tea and Tobacco Bcarj Heavily on Arctic Nat-Trade in Furs Lapses
IS




Z
an
1VCS

5
The economic stringencies of the war are being felt by the Eskimo inhabitants of Canada s vast Arctic wilderness, according to Rev. Geo. L. Net Ison, Anglican Church missionary who has returned to civilisation after six years of continuous work in the Far North.
When “Adolf Hitler drove German Jews to cover,” Eskimo finances suffered adversely, Mr. Nelleon said. The Jew* in Germany were heavy buyers of furs and when they were robbed of their fortunes they were no longer able to trade In furs which the Eskimo hunter and trapper sent to the markets.
German Jews Were Big Buyer#
In addition, the Eskimos, notoriously fond of tea and tobacco, will be affected by the war which has brought additional taxes on these two commodities. In some cases the Increased prices for tea and tobacco will put them beyond the reach of the limited financial resources of the Eskimo.
THE
GOAAINCI
1
%
$
N
*
*
THE
WHITE
MAN.
r

jj
Released by the German censor, this photograph was alleged to have been taken through the bomb bay ef a Nazi bomber on a reconnaissance flight across the North Sea to England. A few ships may be seen, like toys on the smooth sea. From this picture you may get an idea of just how small a ta!get a snip is tor a bomber. In order to be reasonably certain of a hit, the German bombers must dive down on their target It is during this diving manoeuvre that the anti-aircraft batteries get in much of their dead.y work.
r
R
Young Canada’s Growing Taller
Children “Bigger and Better” Today, Experts Reveal After Survey of Toronto School Pupils
Pre-eminent Christ
25. At that season Jesus answered and said, I thank thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, than thou didst hide these things from the wise and understand-and did'st reveal them unto
Sunday
School
Lesson
I
\
mg,
babes: 26. yea, Father for so it was well-pleasing in thy sight. The heart, not the head, is the home of the gospel, and the condition of receiving it is lowlin of spirit, not strength of brain. “These things” are the things about whidh Christ has been speaking for some days, the things that concern himself, his Messiah-ship, his kingdom, the principles of life which he had set down, the judgment to come.
27. All things have been delivered unto me of my Father; and
save the Father; neither doth any know the Father, save the Son, and unto whomsoever the Son willeth to reveal him. The Son’s
A
REMAIN* COOL
WHETHER. THE TEMPERATU
Young Canada is growing taller and heavier, according to the recording of weight and measuring machines In Toronto schools..
For the first time in 17 years, 90,000 school children have been weighed and measured In a man survey to prove the belief of expert paediatricians that children of this generation are bigger than their predecessors.
Not only will the medical profession and the children benefit by the extensive survey but manufacturera will have a new set of measurements to use when sizing children's clothing.
STARS OF THE
LESSON XI
REACTIONS TO THE GOOD
NEWS—Matthew 11 and 12. Printed Text, Matt. 11: 16 • 30
GOLDEN TEXT.—Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and 1 will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn of roe; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden U light. Matt. It: 28—30.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time—The teaching in chapter lli 20—30 was given in November or December of A.D. 29.
The teaching found in chapter 11: 20—30 was given in Peraea.
In chapters eleven and twelve of his gospel, Matthew reveals the increasing hostility to Christ shown by his enemies. It is more and more obvious that the King ia to be rejected. On the other hand, Jesus is here making with ever-increasing clearness h I a claims to be the Messiah, the King of Israel, the predicted Savior of the world.
big dipper could have
BURNED
Hudson Bay Route Less Perilous Now
Navigational Aids Make It Much Safer; Reduction of Marine Insurance Rates Expected
THE seven stars of the Big Dipper are about 70 light-years away. Light, which travels at a speed of 186,000 miles per second, would he TO years in reaching our eyes from these stars.
L
no one knoweth the Son,
POPULAR NOVELIST
The recent report issued by the Imperial Shipping Committee
Hudson	wÊÊÊÊfÊtÈÊÈ^^Ê
rates should give great satisfaction
to those who have championed the cause of the Hudson Bay route in season and out of season, says the Montreal Star. It Is the ninth re-
HORIZONTAL 1,5 Pictured authoress.
9 She wrote novels and
Answer to Previous Puasle
17 She won the prize.
20 Organ of sight 22 Profoundly earnest 24 She was a
in belief.
on
2-3 Years Above Average
Children are "bigger and better” today Dr. Alan Brown chief physician of the Hospital for Sick Child-said. Due to proper feeding and good general care and preventive
Bay marine insurance
peculiar knowledge of the Father i* the truth which rings all through the Fourth Gospel. It is the intimate revelation of Christianity and the power he has to reveal the Father to men.
;«i *wiriwisiaQi *6*eoa!5 m
y sail Bios smmixiii
mm ismisih hmmist >'
m ajoitifi =iu y :i am wzwm s'wao a^u
pyiiiyaa dii u watiaa in "a tirayis ifyu lirMe ish
ml idaasaa aiyy a lay msm m*
[sjMifl did
ren
13	Rent seam.
14	Larval stage.
16	Fish.
17	Brains.
18	Knot.
19	Snout.
21 Hill slopes.
23 Wapiti.
25 Legal rule.
28	New England.
29	Japanese fish. 44 Door knocker.
30	Honey gatherer.
31	Goddess of
26 Surface
“I Will Give You Reel”
28. Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. This invitation is so broad, it includes all humanity, for all men are heavy laden, if it be by nothing more than the gratification of their pleasures. 29. Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls. 30. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light. These words are addressed to the whole human race through all time, and he who understands them has found his way into the heart of Christianity.
measure.
27 Opposite of • cold.
29 Tepee.
33	Persia.
34	Chum.
36 South
America.
40 Beast 42 God of love.
45	Mischievous.
46	Pyrogallic acid.

GEORGE
NOTES
RADIO
smisMMnMi
N E W S’
AND
ized in stories.
48 To become bankrupt.
50 Black bread.
By MADGE ARCHER
VERTICAL
Royal Brussels and is particularly well-known for his presentation of works by Belgian composers.
NOTES AND NEWS .......... Dec.
9, 1.55 CBY, Metropolitan Opera Matinee
Football Championship Final ....
7.46 CBL, Raymond Gram Swing
... 9 p.m. CBL Hockey from
Maple Leaf Gardens CBY, CBL, NBC, orchestra conducted by Desire De fa in w ....
3 p.m. CFRB, N. Y. Philharmonic Orchestra . view of week’s News by Gratton O’Leary er Symphony . and Sanborn Hour CBL, Canada at War talk by Dr. Sidney Smith
p.m., CBL, Ontario Farm program
___ 7 p.m., CBL, Interview with
Duff Cooper ..... 9 p.m., CFRB,
Radio Theatre from Hollywood Dec. 12, 8 p.m., CFRB, Big Town
...9.16	p.m., CBL, Canada’s
Fighting Forces Concerts Symphoniques 13, 7.45, CBL, Talk under auspices Canadian Medical Association ___ 8.30 p.m., CBL Serenade for Strings _____ 9.80 p.m.,
CBL, Music by Faith ...... Dec. 14,
7.46, CBL "Broadcasting and the War" talk by Hon. C. D. Howe
____ 9 p.m., Good News _________
10 p.m., Bob Burns back on K. M.
NORTHERN MESSENGER
CBC’s Northern Messenger Service begins on December 16 ita welcome broadcasts to such far northern points as Craig Harbor, Pond Inlet, Baffin Land and Fort Rose where lonely men and wo-
2	English coin.
3	Insect s egg. 47 Nobleman.
4	Monkeys.
A Generation Upbraided
1C. But whereunto shall I liken this generation? It is like unto children sitting in the marketplaces, who call unto their followers 17. and say, We piped unto you, and ye did not dance; we wailed, and ye did not mourn. 18. For John came neither eating nor drinking, and they say, He hath a demon. 19. The Son of man came eating and drinking, and they say, Behold, a gluttonous man and a winebibber, a friend of publications and sinners! And wisdom is justified by her works. The critics of John and Jesus are childishly whimsical in rejecting both John and his gloomy asceticism and Jesus with his joyous freedom. They do not know what they want.
20. Then began he to upbraid the cities wherein most of his mighty works were done, because they repented not 21. Woe unto thee, Chorazin! woe unto thee, Bethsaida ! for if the mighty works had been done in Tyre and Bidon which were done in you, they would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes. At Bethsaida occurred the miracle of the feeding of the five thousand. Near here Christ walked on the tea, and in its vicinity he healed the blind. Tyre and Bidon were great commercial cities of Syria •n the Mediterranean. 22. But I say unto you, it shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon in the day of judgment, than for you. 23. And thou, Capernaum, ehalt thou be exalted unto heaven? thou shalt go down unto Hades: for if the mighty works had been done in Sodom which were done in thee, it would have remained until this day. 24. But I say unto you that it shall be more tolerable for the land ef Sodom tn the day of judgment, than for thee. The sin of th flourishing places was not violence or sensuality, but indifference, self-satisfied complacency.
A life that externally is eminently respectable may be more fatally anti-Christian than one that Is openly
. war.
32 Part of stomach of
51 Poppy drug.
53 Liable.
56 Land measure 5 Male goose.
6	Bitter herb.
7	Covers.
8	Ratite bird. HHHHKI10 Chain part, journalist* for 11 Bustle.
time. 12 Aye.
61 She special- 15 Toward sea.
48	Partnership.
49	Epilepsy symptom.
52	Footlike part
53	Astern,
54	In behalf of.
55	To pull along
56	Like.
59 Guinea.
an ox.
35 Concise.
37	Hastened.
38	The rain tree. 58 Amphibian.
39	Pulpit block. 60 She was a 41 Measure.
43 North
America.
57 Sawlike
2.16 CBL, Canadian
• ele
organ.
••
~	I men will hear personal news of
No Advance Made S,S J In Seaway Plans 1 E s T
10 p.m.
a
The audience of the Northern Messenger includes traders, trappers, doctors, nurses, miners, missionaries, district agents and R.C.M.P. Those who wish to make use of the Northern Messenger are asked to address their mess-
"The CBC Northern
6.30 p.m., CBL, Re-
There Have Been No Negotiations Between Ottawa and Washington Re St. Lawrence Waterway
**#*«
f*
13
. 7.30 CBL, Vancouv-8 p.m., Chase 9 p.m.,
••
-
St. Lawrence seaway plans bave not advanced to any extent at Ottawa authoritative sources said in answering Premier Mitchell Hepburn’s statement that arrange monts were progressing steadily.
There have been no new negotiations between Ottawa and Washington.
Officials said Premier Hepburn evidently referred to negotiations between the Ontario Government and the Dominion.
Since the advent of war, when the Ontario Premier withdrew his objections to an international plan to deepen the St. Lawrence waterways, Ottawa and Washington have been preparing to get together on the question onene more but nothing definite has begun yet.
ages to Messenger Service, Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, Toron-
Dec. 11, 12.30
iî
to.”
NOTED BELGIAN CONDUCTOR
The famous Belgian conductor. Desire Defauw, will make his American debut with the NBC Symphony Orchestra on Saturday, December 9, replacing Arturo Toscanini who concluded his series of broadcasts with that organization last Saturday night and will not return until the broadcast of March 16. Defauw is scheduled to conduct the broadcast concerts of December 9 to 80 inclusive. He is the Director of Concerts of the Conservatoire
• Ml
10 p.m., Les _ Dec.
• • • •
r.l
H.
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—A Hole in One
KNOCK IT OUT OF THERE.
-YOU'LL WAVE A JOB TO
GOSH, GUVNOR -
XV
«
#
#
\
$

X
I
/

z
/

m


W
• •••
%
it
WW
-i


r
scandalous
»
###PAGE###3###
e#ain«t bars, ‘ under the circus» stances, 4t's bound to take me a little time to hunt H, isn't It, darling?"
Suddenly Constance remembered H tide garde Thor v aid’s brief hesitation as she paused to collect her belongings flicker of a smile in her eyes. . . . And In that moment she bated the other girl for the Impulsive klnd-of the gesture that had sent Derek back to her,
"You needn't bunt at all," she id clearly. "The glove la right there on the table.
"Oh, eUl” Derek released her reluctantly. "The sooner I run along, the sooner I can get back. . . . Walt here for me, darling." v r
When Derek had gone, Constance stood staring at the door, the back of her hand beating against her
Fashion Favors Costume Jewelry
the Bigger the Better Is The Rule for Necklaces, Bracelets and Brooches
JOIN THE
T
T
Ft
National health is Unlay, more than ever, a matter of paramount
importance, and it as well to bear in mind that tuberculosis kills more young people between Use ages of 16 and 45 than wars or pestilence



A
A
A


B
L
that amused, secret
L
K


E
S

Costume Jewelry showy kind — becomes more important by the minute in the season's fashion picture.
Massive necklaces and bracelets, set with glittering'stones, encircle the smartest throats and wrists. With women who have sumptuous wardrobes as well as with girls who try to make a basic dress do the work of five, collars of semiprecious stones, sparkling earrings and huge, unusual clips are finding widespread favor.
Yellow gold Jewelry outshines all other types. There are platinum and silver finishes available, but gold Is highlighted.
the big,

STAMP CLUB
Bt SADIE B. CHAMBERS
Local
tuberculosis programs must be im-tenwfied under present conditions in order to counteract the rise in this death rate which has been the inevitable sequel to previous Christmas Seals provide the sinews of this war against disease. Our local campaig be supported generously if to do our community's share hs fighting this battle.
• Fo# ten cents end the label end. showing the teapot trademark, from any packet of SA LADA TEA we will send s Beelnner's Outfit of % 1—64 page Stamp Album, el I-different stamps. 3 Big Iht of thousends of stamps offered F roe In exchange for SA LA DA leSels.
SAL ADA STAMP CLUB - 4*1 King St. W.# Toronto
ICING THE CAKE
Holiday suggestions*—
Now that the Christmas season is coming apace and every 3ay and in every way we are busier, it is time we were decorating the cake or at least laying all plans for just what It is to be like and when it is to be done. As this icing of the case is quite an important function we give more care and thought to it than to an ordinary cake. There are quite a few recipes I might pass on to you but I think you will find this a general favorite.
CHRISTMAS FROSTING 2 tablespoons butter *4 cup sweetened condensed milk
1*4 cups confectioners sugar 1 teaspoon vanilla % teaspoon almond flavoring (if using almond paste omit this flavoring)
Cream the better and the condensed milk very thoroughly. Add very, gradual the confectioner's sugar and beat until the frosting is very smooth. Add the flavoring. Other flavoring may be sed and coloring (food) it can be made very effective always keeping red and green in mind as the holiday colors.
Another interesting addition is to drain and chop Vi cup of maraschino cherries in red and green or a combination. The cherries must be finely chopped.
• For those of you who like the almond' paste and would like to try an economical substitute use the f< Mowing:
1 cup hot sweet potato which has been mashed and put through the colander to be sure no lumps remain. Add 1 cup icing sugar and 1 teaspoon almond flavoring.
HOLIDAY TARTS
Make a custard of 1 pint of thin cream, 4 beaten eggs and 6 tablespoons sugar. Stir constantly making in the double boiler; remove from heat when thick; give a tew turns with the egg beater to insure smoothness. Add a tea-

wars
must
* i

LOVE LAUGHS AT THE DOCTOR
lips
, So Derek had come back only because another woman had sent him back to find her glove. It was a hateful thought. But try as she might. Constance could not entirely hate the tall girl Thorvald, she told herself, was kind
and natural as that of the aun that mellowed her father's fruit. "
Women Can Make Or Break Nation
Executive Says “Powderpufi Financiers of U. S. Own 70 Per Cent of Country'# Wealth
Rings, Earrings Catch On
Earrings — forever reported as
never seeming quite
BY ELINORS COWAN STONE
“coming In to make the grade — really have caught on this season. Chic women actually are having their ears now pierced again. For those who would not dream of having their ears pierced, screw-on and the newer clip earrings come In all types of finishes and in a variety of interesting stoees as well as amusing settings. Little flower-like enamel clips with a compartment for perfume In the centre of each flower
Copyright, IÇJS, N6A Service, Uc.
HUdegarde
CAST OF CHARACTERS CONSTANCE MAI DWELL—heroine; the stand-in.
DEREK MANTHON—an artist who loved money first, HILDEOARDE T H O R V ALD— Derek painted her portrait.
DR. ROGERS—he met hla most difficult case.
am ordering eomq fixtures to be sent ou at once. Perhaps you'll look over the list now since I see you are practically all packed, perhaps you had better run along In the car with wi and make a few selections yourself will have time before we go to the airport."
with a kindness as warm
or better still.
Someone at the Door
And of course Derek must think of his future — their future. Derek did not want to go away from her. She did not need to hear him say that to kuoW It she had wfoted to hear him!
Nervously she be;an wandering about the denuded studio, righting with deft fingers the disorder Derek had left after his hasty packing —closing drawers, dusting a little, and carefully covering several Canvases Derek had set out for transfer to the gallery of a local art dealer — even setting the nails in the boxes Derek had packed for shipment.
Finally she went over to lier former seat before the fireplace. She threw more wood upon the dying f-mbers. swept the hearth, and then — because there was nothing else tof she sat dow n to w ait.
She had hardly settled herself Into her chair beforo someone rattled at the. floor.
A man's world?
Well, hardly — in the opinion ol Henry W. Stanley, executive seer* tary of the Hdt Springs (Ark.) J Chamber of Commerce.
| According to Stanley, the women + of the United Stales, or "Powder-puff Financiers," as he calls them, own 70 per cent, of the country’s private wealth, buy 85 per cent, ol I all the merchandise sold through J retail outlets, have $10,000,000,000, or 66 per cent, of ail savings bank I deposits, possess titles to 48 per ! cent of all the homes and comprise 49 per cent, of the 15.000,000 stock-j holders.
I "The American woman," us claimed, "has It In her hands to make or break this nation.
I "I wouldn't say the gentlemen J are hiding behind the women's skirts, but there may be something to It."
American women, ho said, even buy 65 per cent, of the men's underwear.
"And/’ he added, with a touch ol bitterness, "the men wear it."
We
But, oh, how
Deck's eyes flew to Constance's face lu a Ueaparate appeal for patience and understanding, but here perversely refused to meet them. This could not be happening— 111
Reese
Yesterday: Derek breaks the news that he la to leave for California to paint a portrait of HI I de garde Thorvald. A knock Is heard just then at the door.
aro lovely.
Kings of huge, semiprecious stones aro worn again. The amethyst in a simple gold ring U as large as an acorn and the stone In the matching bracelet is almost twice that size.
. . . But If It were, «he If produly, she would not influence Derek by the flicker of an eyelash.
not
told
CHAPTER 111
Derek muttered something Impatient, and called, "Come In!"
At sight of his guests, however, his manner altered as if by magic, (n an tap boyish deference.
"Why, good morning, sir :rled. * It was nice of you to drop In again
raid." -WÊÊtKKtÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ
As the tall golden girl in the rich
fur wrap moved forward. Constance was unpleasantly conscious of her jwn faded tweeds and khabby hat.
"Miss Thorvald, may I present Miss Maid well?" Derek was raur-tnuring. "Miss Maid well 0 Thorvald."
There was In his gesture the manner of one presenting Constance to royalty.
Brneat Thorvald bowed, smiled
‘ Aren’t you being particularly Impossible, Dad?" Hildegarde Thor-raid's ey%s * flicked her father’s face with leisurely amusement. "Perhaps Mr. Manthon could use this hist bom’s In his own Interests. . . . This Is what living with Dad Is like." she explained to Constance — "when an idea gets hold of him, he can’t sleep or eat or talk about ^anything else till It’s an accomplished fact — and neither can anyone around him . . . Dad, Mr. Manthon was going to tell ns something abort The Lady in Blue."
"Plenty of time for that after we get aboard the plane," Ernest Thorvald maid. ‘ Coming. Manthon?"
Derek tore his eyes from Constance’s face to say Thorvald
trunk, and everything’s ready. The janitor will nail up the boxes and take rare of the expressman."
Mr. Thorvald said agreeably, but quite as if Derek's acquiescence HHHHPI had bee it “a foregone conclusion, Perhaps you 1 "Fine. That will simplify matters .
. . , Ntye to have met you Miss Maid well," and started briskly out of the room.
* A Smile on Her Llpe
Hildegarde Thorvald lifted one eyebrow as If occupied with some secret amusement of her own, rose with supple, long-limbed grace, and
strolled toward the door.
«
Derek seized the moment to mutter swiftly with a pleading smile, "It wouldn't have done to force it, darling — tactless and aw kward . .
. . Please wait here. I’ll bo back for a few minutes at least. They can’t do this to us."
"They seem to — with effortless ease," said Constance through lips tense wdth the strain of smiling.
As Derek followed Mr. Thorvald down Lbe corridor, Hildegarde lingered to put her baud into that of Constance and ask Impulsively, "Can’t we take you somewhere? It seems the least we can do after —
1 mean it will give us a great deal of pleasure . . . Or—perhaps you and L might drive around while , these madmen pick up their gadgets, and then we can all go to the airport together."
"Why, thank you," Constance answered, her smdle very bright, her tone clear and brittle as ice. "But I — I’ll have to run along . . .
So glad to have met you.*
"Oh, dear," breathed the ball girl, "aren’t we all being rather — oh, well —- sorry you won’t come."
She turned to collect her belongings from a table, heedlatlug for a perceptible moment over the business as If caught by an amusing Idea; and then with a nod and a to | smile she went out and down the
corridor.	-	I
So that was Hildegarde Thorvald —the girl Derek was to spend a number of weeks with In the exact- I lag intimacy of artist and, model. I Derek had said that Ernest Thor-vald was of Scandinavian origin. This daughter of his, though tall and lithe as a Valkyrie, was tawny rather than blond, with eyes and hair of light brown shot with deep I golden lights, and a golden skin, pulsing with a warm, rich glow — fragrant and lovely as a sun-ripened peach , . . Most definitely she j did nôt bave a hare lip, it	I
Chicken Pie
Like Granny’s
Good Old-fashioned Canadian Dish Serves Six People
faut he was all charming
t »•
be
D» sit here, Miss Thor
Chicken pie runs right through Canadian history. Here’s one authentic recipe of the kind "Grandma used to make."
One largo fowl, hot water, % pound salt pork, salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 1*4 cups chicken stock, biscuit dough.
Clean fowl, cover with hot water, add one-quarter pound salt pork and simmer until nearly tender. Add salt and cook until done. Cool. Remove skin, discard bones and cut meat in rather large pieces. In the meantime, simpler thy broth until It is strong and reduced one-half. Melt butter, add flour and cook until crumbly. Add one and one-half cups chicken broth, cook until thick and season to taste. If more gravy Is reeded, increase the butter, flour and broth.
Roll lighixbiscuit dough one-dalf Inch thick, cut around to fit your baking dish. Bake biscuit top in separate pan. Place chicken covered with gravy in baking dish, heat, and when biscuit Is cooked place on top. Cooked separately the crust Is always crisp and perfect. Now you tell us about the way your grandmother used to do it.
(To Be Continued)
Mr
Ironing Tip *
London Women
Don Trousera
Slacks Are Ousted As Everyday Wear In English Cities
When ironing artificial silk undies or frocks slip a double sheet of tissue paper between the iron and the garment and there will be no shine at all. Also, you.won’t cause the material to shrivel if the iron is a little too hot by using the paper method.
Right, Mr. 1*11 Just shut this big
briefly but pleasantly, said come-thing Inconsequential, and began scribbling In a notebook he took from his pocket.
Hildegarde Thorvald said 1n a alow, warm voice, "H-ow nice to moot one e- Mr. Man thou a friends —¦ since we are to see a great deal sf him for a while . are an artist,
e>Oh. no!" smiled Constance. My artistic effect# are achieved solely on the typewriter."
"Oh, you write then?"
Mise Thorvald'* manner was very simple and friendly.
"If you can call it writing." , . . They would chat for a while, like this, about nothing; and then Derek would tell them . heard her own voice running on lightly, My best literary effort* sound something like this: Man-thon, Derek; American gallery. Born, Worcester, Massachusetts,
Honorable Mention, 1935. First Prise Winner, 1937. Pictures exhibited: Old Man Resting. Italian Boy, Lady In Blue catalog for the Museum."
"The Lady In Blue?" Mis* Thorvald'* eyes were suddenly Interested. "Of course. I thought I had seen you somewhere before. The portrait to really lovely. Z-I could not help feeling that there was a
ntory behind It."
spoon of vanilla. When cool, add to tart shells. This recipe will make six. Whip 1 cup of cream, add a little cochineal for coloring. Cover the tails; add to top green mints.
Fashions are changing fast in England, and the "slacks" of the beaches are giving way to trfltsers for everyday wear for women tn the cities now. "Lots of women are wearing them in London, and they are calling them trousers, too. not slacks," Mis* C. S. Lowry, recently told a Montreal Star reporter.
Miss Lowry said that she was impressed with the new styles that have been evolved since the outbreak of hostilities. "They are based on war motifs," she sold, "and are very economical. The air raid suits, designed for warmth, comfort and utility and which are*slipped oa as soon as the air raid warning is given, are particularly smart."
DOLL WARDROBE
i
Just like • Little Girl’s
SALTED ALMONDS
Shell the almonds, then blanch them by covering the kernels with boiling water for ten minutes. Diajn off boiling water and add cold water to cool the nuts. Rub off the brown skins, dry the almonds on a clean towel. When perfectly dry, place in a flat baking dish (for every % lb. of nuts use three tablespoons of salt and 1 tablespoon of cooking oil). Pour the oil over the nuts, sprinkle with the salt and put in a moderate oven. Shake the dish occasionally ; bake until a light brown. Drain on paper towelling.
CARROT PUDDING 1-6 cups flour .
*6 teaspoon salt % teaspoon baking powder 1 cup of brown sûgar, chopped suet and seedless raisins 1 oz. citron peel shaved fine 1 cup of grated carrot and 1 tup grated potato (raw)
!4 cup milk
.Mix dry ingredients, then add in order given. Steam 2Vg hours in well greased mould. Serves 8, serve with hard sauce.
HARD SAUCE

1
rc
Constance
Eat Carrots And Find Vitamin A
1906
Bargain Event!
Less than Y a Tablet for
ASPIRIN
You see, I
They Are A Most Healthful
— Contain Important in Cure of Hilary and
Food
lie
11
‘S3
Liver Ills
Why are carrots considered a very healthy food?
"Live for a fortnight on boiled carrots only if you would cure yourself of asthma," wrote John Wesley In his book. An Easy and Natural Method for Curing Most Diseases, 1769.
The reverend gentleman’s opinion may not be scientifically exact So far as asthma is concerned, but it seems to indicate that carrots have dietetic virtues.
They contain, like other yellow vegetables — com, for Instance — carotene, which Is the base out of which the body manufactures vitamin A.
At Vichy, thes famous French health resort, carrots have been fashionable for many years. Vichy Is know as a resort for derange ments of biliary digestion and liver aliments. Carrots form an important part of the cure, and are served In some form or another at every meal.
Telling Them
Constance glanced at Derek under veiled llde. He was smiling and flushed with pleasure would tell them now.
"Well, you see, Miss Thorvald,"

He
I
«	' i •
0 1
% lb. butter % cup powdered sugar Mix butter and sugar until mixture becomes very white; add a few drops of lemon extract. Roll ic waxed paper, chill until hard. Cat in slices.
Canadian Druggists ovary-where now faatart aeanamy batik of Snfast Fast Relltf hr Pains and Colds at prka my -
he began, "that canvas has a spe-
7 •
eial significance for me. It was finished the day —"	\
' "Hello!" Ernest Thorvald, who bad finished writing In his notebook, glanced at his watch and stood up decisively. "Guess we’d hotter get down to the business
that brought ua."
Constance knew a moment of shocked unbelief as Derek broke eg, his sentence unfinished,
+ I • # :
body tan afford
2969
READERS, WRITE IN!
Mis* Chambers welco
good news for There’s no
Here is
millions. _¦____
need to take chances on taking strong, dangerous drugs.
Dominion druggists are now featuring Aspi- , rin, recognized i as the fastest / you can /i use for pain and //vlJ colds safely, /or rti n Zesr /Aon i cm/ a tablet !	^
Remember—Aspirin does not harm the heart. For great speed plus safety, don’t take anything else.
Get the economy size bottle at your druggist’s today —100 A pirin tablets for only 98/. It’s a bargain you cant b. But be sure you get Aspirin.
Be sure it’s ASPIRIN!
personal Utters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics

By LOUISE LENNOX
Doll clothes are fun to make, especially when you know some little girl will be delighted with them. A dress, snow suit, pajama* and dainty underthings just like a little girl’s own, are included in the pattern. Bits of bright colored cotton prints from the Wrap bag, make sweet frock* to put under the Christmas tree for Dolly. Other dresses, hat and coat and combination undies, are included in another pattern, No. 2966, for the same sises to make a complete outfit.
Doll pattern No. 2969 is designer 14, 16, 18 and 20 Inch lis. For material requirements see pattern envelope.
X

for her column, and is eve»
"Now about the arrangement* tor your workshop att he ranch." Thorvald was going on. “J
ready to listen to your “pot
peeves.” Requests for recipes
special menus are in order. Addrese your letters to “Miss Sadi# B. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, T
it

re
LH
y
Canada’s Royal Family Of
Hotels
Notice Of All lelere.t T*J
Intel est on ell outstanding FIRST Mortgages having been provided for, cn presentation and surrend' r of coupons due December 1st, lilt:
TUB ROYAL CONNAUGHT «OTAN T LIMITED will pay
to.”
w
Removing Hairs
From Woollens
uts
FOR HANG-ON
COUGHS COLDS
ASTHMA, lAONCHmS
As some time or other many people have been annoyed by dogs’ or cat’s hairs weaving themselves inti* one's clothes. A clothes-brush is unsatisfactory for remow» hit them, but the rough rubber side of a table-tennis racquet takes them off beautifully.
DUE
TO
BL COMP interest du Fifteen Year
THE priW
Another Women Sent Hlm I , The door burst open, and Derek i r*
Sinking Fupd
_________<96 EDWARD fiOTBU
(WINDSOR) 1JMITBD WlllW Interest due on it* Second îioyfgâge Debentures,
6B>
If every tablet does not show the word yer’’ on it in form of a croie, it is not Don’t let tell you it h.
100 tablets 98<
hurried In.
"A bit of luck at last,” he cried catching Constance to him and Ipugbtog like a mischievous school* boy. “Mis* Thorvald left one of her glove*, and I didn’t waste any time offering to come back for H . . . She couldn't say just where It And.” be finished, hfa cheek
“Be
Send Fifteen Cento (16c),
the
THE GENERAL BROCK HOTEL COMPANY LIMITED will pay Inter-t due on	lta Second Mortgage
(Coin is preferred ) for PATTERN, to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 78 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your NAME, ADDRESS and STYLE NUMBER. Be sure bo state size you wish.
Aspirin.
anybody
Non-Listeners
Bonds,
CANADA* ROÏAl/TAUit.T
VERNON O. CARDY.
President. .
Hamilton. Out.. November Itth, lilt
Only 1 per cent of Singapore’s half-million inhabitants have wire-lets receiving sets.	8 \
ISSUE NO. 48 —'39
«

l
###PAGE###4###
f=



THE EQUITY
Dougherty ou road Lots 25 and 20, Range 12, presented.
Motion by Crs Yallillee, that report of Jas, H .Dougherty» Rural Inspector be accepted and left over until further information is procured. —Carried.
Letter of the Minister of Health, Quebec, regarding .Mrs. Hormidas Drouin presented.
Motion by Crs. Dagg Farrell, that
Members present î)ru4l,i now conlined in an asylum of4tl.is |
11, j province—tamed.
v ' Insane account from January to June,
Ipresented No action taken. Letter of J. Nelson Me Lallan present-
HODG-INS
GARAGE
SHAW VILLE, DEC. 14, 1939
SPECIAL
Pontiac Rural Telephone
Company

Dec. 1039
!
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales

in tht Telephone <.
>n the above date
Tin»*. Hide*, president
I Diri-i • i V Sly
favlaue and Kobt
WINNIPEG FLOUR
xx i • re
Tracy, Y ice-Pres., < Ira H uina, Roy M
i
i

es of last meeting were read and I on motion of Roy MacfarUne nd R Jt Tracy.
Motion by Robert Sheppard, seconded y Ira H arma, that six shares of Telehone Stock be transferred from the late
Edward Hodgi
M
Motion by Crs. Young Farrell, that the following accounts be approved and
Mid :
Phellp Form, legal a hive .. vs Hr win labour Geo. Steel
m
$2.15
Per Bag
I 2 00
s
\
193
90
to Oi villi
Wu
Just to Remind You
J as Cain,
ia> McO fr, * "
1 X,,wubvr .Ins Doherty, i................
Francis Dolan, I “	“	“
Cain Line ................
Francis Dolan, 1 day with team	2	00
M J Cain, labour with F, Dolan	1	50
A ret. tide Hubert, \ day with team	1	60
Thos Philippe, J day at f2 00	l	00
Quyon Hardware Co., account
touate ...... .	..........
The Equity, Shaw ville, publishing minutes ..................
Jas H. Dougherty, services as
Rural Inspector...........
John J. O'Donnell, meals and
hay Mate.................. 4 00
A. Farrell, trips for legal advice 5 00 4‘	11 tri|»s with Rural Inspt 5 00
81 registered notices 28 35 Jurors list 40 names 2 00
0 day with team
1 50
I
Woolsey ¦¦
The bills for October m i id Mot
f
ii r
1 50 3 00
#
This Flour is Milled From Manitoba Hard Wheat in the Largest Mill in the British Empire.
by lbiy Macfarlanc and limit. Sheppard, that the bills as rv\d be Hissed - Carried.
Motion by R J. Tracy seconded by tî.ibt Sheppard, that the traffic agree nent between the Campbell’s Ray Telephone C thone (]
»c accepted by this Company signed by President and Secretary—Carried.
Motion by A. Sly, seconded by In Hanna, that this Company call for <cutlers for a quantity of good body hardwood, 2*2 inches long, suitable for f urnace. Tenders to be in the hands of he President or Secretary not later than Dec. 23rd, 1030.
Motion by A. Sly to adjourn.
H E Elliott,
Secretary.
V
2 00
It s time to give your car a complete check-up and put it in shape for quick starts and efficient operation during cooler days ahead.
\
\
\
and The Pontiac Rural Tele Ltd, dated Nov. 2nd, 1939
37 38
j
Don't wait until trouble catches up with you. .get
your car ready for winter now. Change Oil and
Grease. Check Battery. Tune-up Motor
Anti freeze. Let us prepare your car for trouble-free winter driving now
10 00
1 00
Put in
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., RECD-
u
x
- -Curried	*
Motion by Crs Farrrell and Young, that Rural Inspector Jos. II. Dougherty he instructed to auction rolling road from Rristol Onslow townline, concea-
Sqgtb Onslow townlinc, lots — ~v 7, from side road, lots r> ncession 9, to connect with nine road ; also instruct rural inspector, Maglf'irv Joannissce, to auction rolling >f road from Onslow and Aldfield town-ine and that said rolling be charged to
uteres ted pu ties in said roads.— Carried
Motion by Crs. Young and Armitago? liât upon application uf Mrs. J. d.
Illllllllllllllllllllllllll l a ir r i
\
\
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
J. !.. HOOtilNS
ion 9. t
X
h and 9, rang and fi
Here’s the
V
X
X
Phone 64 J
X
1 icccm oor h, 1939
The Clarendon School Hoard met
Present
X
Value Leader
Chairnmr
he rbove dat lodgins and a full board of Con
S 5S VUDTi rjn n ttrinririfinrifiri kk nnrp^rmrmr.
/ / Z ZV iZ / / /
^XiyiytXiX Viz
m oner a.
Minutes of last regular meeting an meeting were read and aj roved on motion of Comr W alsli.
— Comr Hobt Holidays extend from D 1940. both days
f

i
>*!
You’ve Been
DALE’S TINSHOP
Looking For
that tl
Mot
Yvur.g and* Parrel I, * authorized
M otiou by Crs. h it Secretary Treasurer be
ie warrants for all tax accounts of no year and send to the land tales, March 1940, all properties as perilled to by a Bailiff as not having any noveablcs to seize.—Carried.
Motion by Crs Dagg and Young, that his Council adjourn until January 2nd,
k in the afternoon.—
Iirist	¦
3, 1939, to Jan. lusive —Carried
>v
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
|
Findlay Super Oval Range
Hie finest range that money can buy
L 3 sizes and 5 different
colour schemes
¦f Findlay Furnaces
WM Insures Your Heating
nil Comfort for the Winter ^ Months.
Let us quote you prices
pcncd and following were
f Conn
Tenders for \v«»o»l wei o ns i do red and tl warded contracts on nmti Vi Ison : -
Only
$49.95
10 cord
X
Arthur Etdy,
3	—Arthur Eady,
4	—Sydney Draper,	10
7	—Joseph Stanley,	10
8	—Ernest Qua tie,
9	—Milton Morrison,	10
10	—Joseph Stanley,	10
11	—Geo. Clarke,
12a—Lawrence Hodgins, 10
12b—Seymour Harris,
12b—Robt Havelin,
13	—Mrs. Sam Towel 1	10
14	—Ernest Stevenson	10
ir Shaw ville High School Mervin Dale,
Wm. Nedeau,
John Sly,
Wm McCleary,
XVm Roberts,
Sam Harris,
Lawrence Hodgins,
Fred Tippibs,
Stirling Hodgins,
Warnie Richardson Wilbur Chapeau,
0
1940, a
arncd
For This Brand New 1940 Model
\m>rfw Farrell.
See Trcas

10
10
Westinghouse 5-Tube Battery Set
r
Andros Notable Figure
In Early Boston History
Sir Edmund Andros, who was born on the island of Guernsey, in the Channel islands, on December 6, 1637, and who died in London in February. 1714, left his marks on American history
the duke of York, brother of the king, went to New York as governor in 1674, remaining there until 1681, writes a correspondent to the Detroit News. Five years later he returned to the Colonies, to carry out
^ , L VV . Hodgtns expressed t<> he Ntw England colonies into one roval i>oard the thanks of the Committee foi province
T he us? of the School in connection when they heard of the landing
lrn, 1 Ie ,	• rf.*n	» , William of Orange ir. England in
The following bills were presented tor|i689i the people of Bosion rose and • jiproval : —
Ftenonf Publishing Cu .. ..
Mac Lean’s Grocery.......
XV A Hodgins.............
Pontiac House............
H M Turner...............
Hodgins Lumber Co........
K P E ides...............
•J P Lipincott ..........
LA Reeves................
XV J Gage <fc Co..........
K Wallace Burry..........
Moyer School Supplies ...
Charles Ogilvy Supplies .. .
Emnierson Cotie........
Leslie Dale'.............
Supplies for Household Sc ..
Henderson Harris, wood ..
Wm Olmstead, wood.........
Clarence Carson...........
Mrs Wilbur Horner ........
Hurst Hodgins, administation
Garrett Walsh ............
Hurst Hodgins, visiting sch'ls Garrett Walsh. 11	"
H I Hobbs,
Hex ford Wilson, “
Rev. T.KR. Nurse u
10
i
1
The Brat production of the*e reasonable *et* wn

immediately purchased for equipping Traci mg Posts in the far North
s cor, I
20
Thi* model was cho^eu because of its
9
4
amazing sensitivity on both standard and short wave bands, mainly due to the use of a three gang condenser and one stage of radio frequency amplification outstanding feature is (inique in such nn inexpensive rxdio. The low purchase price and astonishing battery economy assures the purchaser continued satisfac tion both in economy and performance.
Cabinet
4
As a friend of
4
4
DALE’S TINSHOP
This
10
I
10
10
Shawvilfe Quebec
H
—Carried

American walnut with *pt»«iker band ot matched -fcriped Oriental walnut
A real Christmu
seized the royal officers, including 9 11 G Andrts himself He was returned to ' -n 'England for trial*but acquitted, and in 1692 was appointed governor of Virginia, where for five years he H9 72 hiad considerable success. From. s 94 1704 to 1706 he was Lieu ten ant-go v":> Urnor of Guernsey. “Thé Dictionary '* A American Biography** says that <» oo I Though not popular with advocates 23 411 »f democratic government, neverthe-* I less, he was one of the ablest Eng-[> 99 I üsh colonial governors of the Seyen-Is 4f> I '.eenth century." He was essentially a soldier, and where soldierly quaj-¦H 49 I ities were needed his rule was ex l»i 6S cellent; but he lacked understand fj-00 mg of business affairs ar.d of Puri-4 09 tan psvchoîcgv.
II 23 15 50
present for the family
83 18 15 ,0
INVALID
COACH
I
Wilmer H. Hodgins
GEORGE HYNES St SON
i
%
Shawville,
Directors of Funeral Service
Quebec
Phone, 20-18
Shawville,Que.
A 2)
Phone 80
Farm For Sale
Origin oi Siren
Sirens were invented to measure sound vibrations, but it was found that by altering the mechanism St. Patrick’s Life	I slightly, they could be turned into
Of the real l tie cf St Patrick, no terrific squawkers. Now they warn 8 00 great amount is known, and it is of danger through their shrieking •k 90 somewhat difficult to separate the tones. Police cars, ambulances and 8 00 facts of his career from the body cf fire trucks have made them familiar.
8 00	tradition which has grown up around	j Sweet but deadly music character-	i
8 00	his name. He was the son of a	ized the sirens from which these	I
8 00	churchman, born about the year 387,	present-day instruments get their
tlratj t'icsc	and the place cf his birth has been	| names. In Greek mythology sirens
variously ascribed to Scotland, Erg- j were sea nymphs who lured sailors land, and France In ids youth he to destruction by their beautiful
the Piets, sold | singing.	WÊjj^KÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊjjKÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ^M
as a slave into Ireland. After six	5	^	\ Notuk is hereby ai yen that
years Patrick escaped from Ireland,	EMILY FINDLAY, of the Town of
and set about preparing himself for	Serieos Monkey Business	Timmins, in the District of Cochrane,
the priesthood, determined to con- Monkey business means real bus*- in the Province of Ontario, married vert the Irish to Christianity. About	r.ess in the Straits settlements. It	woman, will apply to the Parliament of
125 he returned to the country and	is reposted that two monkeys here	Canada, at the next session thereof, for
began his work, which continued un-	are regularly employed to gather	a Bill of Divorce from her husband,
til his death, probably in the year	valuable botanical specimens. They	JAMES VERNEY FINDLAY, of the
A regular session	of	the	Municipal!493- In 441 he was consecrated bish-	understand 12 words in Malay, and	Village of Shawville, in the Province of
Council held on above	date.	Members	op- Patrick thus became the	tied to a string 180 feet long, are	Quebec, retired farmer, on the ground
present,	Andrew	D.lef,	rntyor,	4od	patron satot cf Ireland, and because	. sent Into high tree tops for flower,	of adultery.
Councillors	Young.	Far/ell, V.llillee,	‘raddion has U that his death oc-	eaf and twig specimens. Many of	Duted	at Timmins. Ontario, the Iftth
253J» fespp pi#-™™
Report’of Rural Inspector Jam». H. j	tiled SuSi* *** ^ I ^natlveS here tor *athertn* «*»- Solicitor for Emily Findlay, A pH
Deing Lots 11 and 12, on the I2ih Range of the Township of Clarendon, 150 acres in all, fairly well improved, 70 acres in bush. For further particulars apply to
3 00
Beattie’s Eye Service
4 00
CHA6 WORKMAN,
Charteria, Que
*	44	“ car hire
Motion — Comr Wilson, bills be paid.—Carried.	WÊ//ÊM
Meeting adjourned to call of the
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, con Gladstone rnd Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see as you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
NOTICE
Of Application For Divorce
c.oair
J. A Dean, Sec Treas
Minutes of Council Ons
low North
Scientific Eye Examinations
Dec. 4, 1939
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
T.T. BEATTIE
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS

I.


###PAGE###5###

,ræ


?




j The Equity
Service Announcement
Shaw vim.k United Ciivrch
I»k> A. T. FoKK' B. A, B.I>. iVutor
Sunday, December 17
11 00 a ir. -Service at Shawville
1.30 p m. St i vice At /;r>n
3 00 p.m.—‘Servioe At Stark\ Cuirais
7.3" p n -Service at Shawville.
I The 1'Mtor will preach at all these service».
i
Christmas 1939
PRINTING
! Belabllsbet 1883
PUm.lAHED EVERY TOVRSDAY AT
SHAWVILLE,. QUEBEC


ANNVAIt SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Canada
To United States.
Only Eighteen More Shopping Days
$1.50 . 2.0(1
e •
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
All Arrears must he paid In full before any paper Is discontinued
Do Your Christmas shopping now, as present selections are best, because our stocks
are complete. .
Give her something she can use
Modern Furniture Parlor, you will find many articles of furniture for the home. Cedar Chests, End Tables, Magazine Racks, Telephone Sets, Writing Desks, Radio Tables, etc.
Bristol United Cut m h C. Abmhtbono-Sâles, B. I).
Sunday, December 17
St. Andrews Sunday-School 10.00 a. m SL Andrews, Service
Knox
W O. COWAN. PUBLI9Hr.lt
• 11 "" a- H).
Sunday School 2.00 p. in.
3.00 p. to.
Ice Treatment for D.im A giant artificial ic e pack clapped onto a 200.000-cub c yard earth slide in the excavation area of the Grand Coulee dam, stopped the slide and i aved the government over $1004)03 ' When the dam, the largest in the world, commenced it# unnnficipat-« d, menacing activity, federal eng* ueers met the emergency tr, brilliant scientific measures. Experts of the bureau of reclamation nf the lepartment of the interior fro i the earth's surface, as o surgecn sometimes freezes flesh during a treat ment. They were thus successful in immobilizing the loosened, pulverized earth, and rendered harmless the underlying rock, as well.
Service
Envelopes, Invoices
Letterheads Billheads
In our
Austit
Service

7.30 p m
f

ANGLICAN
Sr. Pam. ' Sunday, December it
10.00	a, in.—Sunday School
11.00	&m,—Holy Communion 7.30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
St. LukeV
1.30 p m. - Evening Prayer \
Holy Trinity
3.00	p.m -*Evening Prayer
>
f
Statements,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
I
f
f*
*
N Silk Hosiery, Uulusiies, Pyjamas,
%
Dressing Gowns, Bedspreads,
2 Bath Towell Sets, Fancy Boxed Handkerchiefs, Slippers, etc.
Parish oy North Clabindon Rer. K. C. Bolton fn charge
Marked Resemblance
The mourning dove looks so much like the extinct passenger pigeon that reports are constantly being circulated that the vanished -l irda have been seen. In color and contour there is a marked resemblance.
The extinct pigeon and the mourning dove look very much alike in one respect—they are the only native American doves "with long, .pointed tails. All others have square tails.
For many years the t' S. bio-ogical survey sen# ornithologists to investigate reports of the extinct passenger pigeon having been seen Nothing ever came of these investigations
Sunday, December 17 Thorne Centre, Morning Prayer 10.30 Greermount,
Charter»,
\
Evening Prayer 8.30 Evening Prayer 7 00
THE EQUITY
PHONE. 75
A
Ch i tsTMas Photos — The Perfect Gift There’s no gift quite so personal and friendly, as your photograph, because it’s you. Two extra photos with each dflwen.
. South Onslow Council
Quyou Hardware, bill.........
Austin Clarke, list..........
H Cochrane, " ............:.
F Clarke, road list..... . . .
J Thomas,' “ “ ..........
W J Fleming, board;of Council Ambrose Kennedy, travel Jos. A Steele, postage.......
Motion by Crs F raser Westbrook, that if both the Village of Guyon and and the Municipality of North Onslow will impose a dog tax, this Council will do likewise -Carried
Motion by Crs. Fraser Westbrook, that P. J. O'Hafa spend $35.00 to repair the 5th Concession opposite property of Thos Daly -Carried.
Allan Meredith apf&md asking to l>e entered as owner of Lot 18 a. Range 4, and Wm Meredith as owner of 18 to, with the small house, and Arthur „ Wiggins asked to be entered as owner of Lot 19, Range 6 known as Lonsdalew Est., their requests were granted on motion of Crs Young- M uldoor. -Carrie d.
On motion of Cr Fraser to adjourn.
:>3 88 . 00
10 50 . 39 80 37 ^0 .. « 60 3 00 25 00
H. Imisons Photo Studio
Dec. 4th, 1939
A regular meeting of South Onslow Council held on al-ove date at the usual
And Railway Differences ! place of meeting. Members present, When engineer? started, to build j Ambrose Kennedy, mayor, and Council-modern highways, they hod before j lors Westbrook, N oung, Muldooo, Fraser them the example of several gen ' ami Smiley.
orations of railway builders which | Gn motion of Crs. Muldoon-nett-they followed with suitable modi brock, the minutes of last meeting nere locations, F. H. Holmes of the Unit I adopted as read, ed States department of agriculture , Motion by Crs Muluoon-Young, that notes in a recent issue of Public Fred Clark benotined to remove culvert Roads. The railway example was at MacKcchideS cottage.—Curried, generally helpful as applied to lizni- Motion by Crs hmi.ey-rraser, that talion of grades and curves, econoin- Allan Meredith repair to a passable conical balance in cutting and filling, dition the road leading to Mosleys and to some other features.	property—Carried
More recently, however, the road	9n P0*1*??. 0	^ rti ^rjil eî *,r^?er'	t“e
builders have been paying more at-	flowing bills were ordered paid viz :
tention to differences rather than * Cornu, ¦	|
similarities between railroad and ^	i u u
j highway problems. Railroads were A Meredith, j ¦
|	built for planned movement and	J	Me Bane,
I	close control oi traffic. The trail:	£	Wiggia* 2
I dispatcher was boss, and directed	'^naud, spikes
passings and meetings of trains On ^ %raper, road ist. the highway, it is every driver for I The Equity, publishing minutes
himself, with only minor checks.
Traffic engineers have found that It does not help much to know that a certain stretch of highway would or could accommodate a certain number of cars if the .drivers used it more efficiently.
I To solve highway traffic problems the engineers find that what they need to know is actual facts such as:	how driver*, really do use a
similar stretch of road; how the fast drivers pass the slow ones, and how much straightaway is needed for a safe passing; how many vehicles use the road in rush hours and in off hours ; how traffic in the opposite direction cuts down chances of passing; and how hills and curves prevent passing or make it-dangerous.
I Such facts can be gathered only on the highway. Current highway research is turning toward the invention and improvement of mechanical and electrical equipment for counting traffic, measurng for counting traffic, measuring the actual use that drivers make of representative sections of road.
Several new devices are already in use and the engineers are using actual experience as a guide to planning safer and more efficient highways.
Fancy China Department
Engineers Study Highway
A wonderful selection of Fancy China has been added to our stock for this Christmas
Trade.
articles that are very Christmas Gifts.
4»
Four in a Row
Bang! Bang! dang! Bang | blowouts in about that rapidity so disgusted an Omaha motorist that he abandoned his automobile, left o
note addressed to ¦¦¦¦I •rolmcn telling lu> *•* hitch-hiked home
This selection comprises many
appropriate for
Four
11 ! ft I
X U
ay pa
aid

liamlkvr-
Mon’s Fine Linen chiefs.
I

English Flannelette Scarves,
New Silk Neckwear,
Hog1 For Service
road list ..
. $125 20 72 75 44 75 39 00 .	80 70
1C 00 .	33 20
10 00
tot
Wool
Pyjamas,
Hose,
Shirts, Windbreakers, Fancy Boxed Braces, Shaving*Sets in Gift Boxes. Cigars. Fancy Boxed Handkerchiefs. Belts, A special selection in Cedar
/
Purebred Yorkshire Hog for service. Fee $1 00 Apply to
GEORGE CLARKE
Moorehead, Que.
it
*4
< A
4»
'
Jos. A. Stbslk Sec.-Trets.

u*.
/
Registered Yorkshire hug. Service fee $1.00. Apply to,
. CLIVE SMART,
)‘hone IB 1 R. R. 2. Shawville, Que.

\

."v m
Mac Lean’s
t h-'sffc.
lteg. Yoik*hire Hog, for sei vice. Fee 41.00 Apply to THOS. BEATTIE,
Weirstead, Que.
Registered Yorkshire hog. Service
lee, $1.00 ; Club members free. Apply
0
R. J. TRACY. Vans* Que
RED & WHITE STORE
Grocery Specials
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
• I
• I
to
25c
Gold Medal Coffee, L2 pound tins Blue Ribbon Coffee, 1 lb glass jars
Pitted Dates, 2 lbs. for............
Old Hickery Smoke Salt, 10 lb. tins Rubin Hood Wafer Flakes, per package 15c
h
• • I
9 • • •
49c
Christmas Cake Spec fal
All Fresh Stock
Registered Tam worth hog. bacon type. Service fee $1.00. Also for sale a number of young Ta in worth pigs, both -sex, pnrebredd, $7 00 each, or $8.00 rtgisteretl. Apply to
K J. \N ( OPS. Vhartens. Que.
. 29c
$1.10
Icing Sugar, 3 lbs Figs. 2 lbs.........
Seedless Raisins, per pound Seeded Raisins, per package Sulphur Bleached Raisins, per pound 18c Candied Pineapple, per pound . Walnuts, choice quality halves, per pound 45c Almonds, per pound ..
Currants, per package Pineapple Slices, red or green, each.
V*
G laced Cherries, red or green, 3 oz pkg. 10c Bulk Candied Cherries, per pound.
Saxonia Red Cherries, i pound tin.
"Ready Cut Mixed Peal, { pound tin Orange, Lemon or Citron Peal, per lb. 30c Wintergreen Berries, per pound
Silver Beads, per tube ........
Molasses, per tin
Molasses, fancy quality, per pound Alspice, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg 1-1 lb. 10c Cow-Brand Soda, one pound package
rwr	^J- .
Flavoring—A knond, Vanilla, Orange,
Lemon, -Cochinial, Pineapple, Maple 10c
Rose Water, per bottle
Food Coloring, assorted colors, per bottle 10c
Mincemeat, two pounds
Eatmore Cranberries, per pound
25c
,
• • f •
• • • •
• •
• • •
L
25c
Purebred Yorkshire registered Hog, irom prize winning stock Service fee, $1.00. Apply lb
VVii.mEli H Hoix.ins,
R. R. No, 1, Shawville
14c
#########
# # # #
18c
l
¦ i
New Reg. Pure-bred Yorkshire Hog
l ee 11.00. Apply to MANSON McCAGG . R. 2, Shawville, Que.
Purebred Yorkshire Hog, select type ! Service fee, $1.00. Apply to	i
W. S. KNOX.
& e.	McKee, Que. I
. 55c
r>r service
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
..	60c
16c
• •
• •
Sc
• •
4 56
1
u a re a
Bristol Council
Sullivan, for services
R*v
rendered...............
f’trcy P'ilkntyne, labor perform /	9# •
The Equity, publishing minutes
etc ................ •
Jos. Twclan, one‘sheep killed
¦¦ ûhy dogs ................
J. W. OâtnpMI, valueing sheep Hugh Ross, damages to sheep
by dogs .............. /
M. J. Kehoe, 5 speed signs .. Mrs A Uerwah, land used for
17 00
45c
I)
Il	;; Dec. ilk, 1939
Il Regular session held on above Uuf ,
I present Mayor McLell&n and »%fuH I board of Oouncthore.
| The minutes cl last meeting wen*
I	read and on motion of Henderson-Duff.
| were adopted
pre Motion by Henderson Fitzsimmons,
| that Lot 21 a, Range 4, be valued at | $160 00 and Lot 22 a Rangd' 4, be valued | at $1,850.00—Carried.
ÆiUivïst kk	98 a
"1 '*«• ¦> 'k	»>'*	•" MotiZb, Si
P*“J at the land sal*» unless taxes are t. t (| the ro(Mj foremlo jQ division N<%
paid before Dee. l*th, 103.	80ns not qualified to act that Norman
Lota i of 14 a and 16 a. Range 5 , y, appointed forenun in his stead. Lot 17 b, Range 8 ; Lot 4 a, Range 11 ; . Q^r^
Lots, 1,4 b and i'L 3 t>, R^nge 12	Motion by HenderaonDufL that J. D.
-Carried.	Moorhead be apponted to audit the
Motion by Cr. Henderaon-Orr^ that boofct lfter j./ut-Carried.	I
the following bills be approved and Qn motion of Cr*. Fitziimmons the]
ÛDivision No35,grant. #5 00	adj°UrCed- ¦{¦
II	Austin Gibbons, 70	yards gravel	1	00
« I Jne Keorv, 10	"	I	00
1 Thos Stephens. 80	"
I Rev. A. Russell, ih	*	"
'I Frank McKee, 18	"	"
Geo. E. Lucas, it8 ft. of cedar
4 00
Roÿ 6. Fraser
25c
• 1

il 50
15c
Flowers, Gifts, Novelties
6 OO
RENFREW, ONT.
Phone 160
C
1 00
30c
BOX 88G
CEhrintman Céifta
3For Ettrrgbodg
4 00
10c
7 60
10c
an
6 00


Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our business. We invite your patronage, orders of $1.00 or over, phone us collect.
8c
Compacts. ,
Chocolates,	| E,
Fountain Pens,
Toilet Articles, Fancy StatidKery, Cigars & Cigarettes
9 70
On
9c
Oo orders of

shall prepay
20c
THE CORNER STORE
Citât. Mri. M. C. Reward
H I. Burra,
Sec-Treai.

25c
• •
8 00
end 11 p.m.
20 o
Colour and creed do not enter into the work of the Red Cros« Society.
2 60
Main and Centre Sts SHAWVILLE, - QUE.
1 MO
###PAGE###6###
t»

ï


K-

Twenty-Seven Young Canadian Fliers Receive "Wings" In Colorful
Ceremony
The Book Shelf I Canine Bellhop, ^
VOICE
of the
PRESS
“CANADA. EUROPE AND
HITLER"
By Wat ion Kirkcennell
What two and a half million European - Canadians hare bean reading and tanking about the pre-war crises and the issues of the war itself is here analysed by one who has an uniivailed knowledge of their press. For several years Watson Kirkconnell has followed closely the editorial opinion of the forty foreign - language newspapers in Canada ; he travelled most extensively in Balkans and in the Baltics in recent years, and has more intimate knowledge of languages, local customs and history than most Canadians.
The author was born in Port Hope, Ontario, in 1895. He was educated at Queen's Universty, Kingston, and at Oxford University. Since 1922 he has lived in Winnipeg, where he la Professor of Classics in United College, University of Manitoba.
"Canada, Europe and Hitler".... by Watson Kirkconel! ......Toron-
to Oxford University Press
•»jo.
"Mark/I a big black Labrador dog, which delighted in his dytiea of a bell boy in the LaSalle Hotel, Regina, Saak., it dead of old age Mark used to meat guests a# they came in and carry their keys ox parcels to their rooms. He even learned to pick up quarters. He trained himself not to bother customers at the lunch counters, and at regular periods went to the kitchen for his meals.

L1MBURGER LOSES GLAMOUR
Limburger cheese is losing some of its aroma through new manufacturing processes. It will soon be refined enough to appear in decent company—Kitchener Record.
£
pkdd My I Praise fa I Tour 1 Grand ! Testing Syrup
TWO-YEAR LICENSES
Next year's motor licenses are black on yellow, "the most arresting color combination known to science." Why not save money by maknig them good for two years or the duration of the war?—Toronto Telegram.


UNPASTEURIZED MILK
Compulsory pasteurization of milk is again under attack by producers in Western Ontario. It may be assumed that none of them has ever visited the wards of a sanatorium and seen the small and perhaps crippled sufferers from those forms ot* tuberculosis which sometimes originate, with other diseases, in unpasteurized milk.—Brockville Recorder and Times.

'

40% •** w
*#







m
town by German parachutes In the Thames estuary, and stories •f "magnetic mines" were denied er affirmed daily. Question was: would the Allies be able to administer to Germany the beating they were taking themselves on the
ri N



PRESERVE COUNTY HISTORY
Canadians is much to the fore these days, and it is desirable that the history of eacll county in the prvoinee should be preserved. At a recent Women's Institute convention it was proposed that every member should write down the history of their parents, and, if possible, their grandparents. This would accomplish a great deal in preserving data, and we would add that some of the tales that have been told us of the deeds done
by our forebears should also be Incorporated. Our recent pioneer story competition brought forth a great deal of interesting lore of early days on the Bruce Peninsula, which is now available for the files of historians.—Canadian Echo (Wiarton).
sea?
« mv r >
S s>"‘

Eyeing Rumania

Rumania waa the cynosure of all eyes turned Balkanwards in the twelfth week of the war. Resignation of the Argetoianu Cabinet resulted in the accession to the premiership of pro-Ally Georges Tatarescu. Rich Rumanij has to wacth all bar territory carefully since so much of it was taken from other countries at the close of the first World War arabia from Russia, Dobruja from Bulgaria, Transylvania from Hungary. (Germany, too, is interested in King Carol's domain; last week 700,000 Reich troops, fully equpiped for action were reported missing for an attack on Rumania through Hungary). In the same week Italy’s efforts to create a neutral Balkin bloc under her leadership virtually collapsed. Hun
$
Bee Hive Syrep
Role Of Music:
To Give Respite

It was a proud day for 27 young fliers of the R.C.A.F. when they received the coveted "Wings" of the R.C.A.F. at a special ceremony at the Trenton air station. Group Captain L. F. Stevenson is pictured, TOP. pinning the "wings" on one of Canada's future aces. Eleven hundred officers and men, BOTTOM, witnessed the ceremony, which will send the 27 youthful fliers high into the air to learn the art of aerial warfare.
B ess-
port issued by the Dominion Bureau of Statistics. These figures do not include trade in gold.
Exports in September rose to $82,456,482 from $76,475,742 in August and $73,109,154 in September, 1938, while imports totalled $73,564,271 compared with $62,708,079 and $56,411,727.
Canada’s favorable balance of trade in September was $8,892,313 compared with $13,767,663 in August and $16,697,427 in September, 1938.
The musician's Job in wartime must always be to make music — "the stuff of dreams" ¦	¦
NEWS
Puck Chasers
swell
above the roar of guns, says Ellen Ballon, noted Canadian pianist.
PARADE
Topics of the Ontario Hockey Season
•‘War," she adds, "la but an Incident In our struggle for a better world
spring of spiritual strength to keep our dreams alive."
music a never-falling
Farm Column
'	— PERSONALITIES—
Frank O’Brien, new captain of the Toronto Goodyears, has been in Senior hockey for seven winters. He started with Consols of the old T and Y Mercantile League. O’Brien until last season was a good left-winger. He now plays the defence.	*
Referee "Beef" McKay of the O. H. A. Senior staff was one of the hardest hitting defence players to come out of Hamilton. Teamed with the famous "Red” Farrell, now a tobacco salesman around Barrie, McKay rounded out Tigers' blue line threat.
Cooney McGowan, of Port Col-borne Sailors, is the oldest player, for service, in the Senior 0. H. A. "A” ranks. He played many winters for Hamilton before moving to the Canal town. .
Bobby Laurent, young defence player with Goodyears, was a blueline partner for Johnny Crawford, now with Boston Bruins, with the Junior West Toronto Nationals who won the Memorial Cup in 1936.
Paul Mundrick, Winnipeg lad playing centre for Goodyears, is just 20 years of age. This is his first Senior year.
Vincent Upper, veteran Port Colbome defence star, is one of those double-effective members playing in the Senior 0. H. A. "A” series. During the summer Upper plays a rattling good game at second base and even takes his turn on the mound for the Port Colbome Senior club of the Niagara Baseball League.
F. W. "Dinty" Moore. O. H. A. vice-president and referee, played goal for Canada's last Olympic team.
THE WAR
(Conducted by Professor Henry G. Bell of the Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph, assisted by various members of the faculty of
the O.A.C.)
Q.—Would you kindly tell me wlat chemicals contain the greatest amounts of available nitrogen, phosphoric acid and potash, to be used in a fertilizer?—"K.K. —Perth Co."
Answering yours of reeeht date which has been referred to my attention, I would say that as to nitrogen carriers, urea contains the largest amount of available nitrogen, 45% in all. It takes up moisture very rapidly and tends to form a sticky mass. It is neutral in reaction.
Sulphate of ammonia is the next highest nitrogen carrier, earying about 20.5% nitrogen. This is definitely acid in its reaction.
There is a combined concentrate known as ammo-phos which carries 11% nitrogen and 48% phosphoric acid.
Nitrate of soda carries about 15% nitrogen.
As to phosphoric acid there are 16% and 20% grades which carry 16 or 20% available- phosphoric acid respectively. The combined form ammo-phos to which I referred above, carries 48% available phosphoric acid.
As to potash, a common form, muriate, carries 50 to 52% potash and sulphate carrying 48 to 50% potassium.
Potassium nitrate carrying approximately 44% potash and 16% nitrogen was on the market some time ago. Since this is used in the manufacture of explosives, I doubt if it will be available for use in fertilizer under present conditions.
Last year some potash salts carrying 60% potash were offered, but I do not know whether this will be on the market this year or not.
Week by Week
Cheer up! It may be a dull war now, but think what wonderful reading it’a going to make when the facts come out. They’re start-
now. We’ve learned, tor
Mise Ballon, who made her musical debut In her native Montreal at the age of 3%. went back there November 28 to make what she likes to call her "second debut". She appeared ae soloist In her first concert since she broke her foot in a London taxicab accident last year and almost gave up her career.
Miss Ballon has volunteered for Red Cross work. "I hope my Job Is to play and play and play. My career has taken me away from Canada a lot, but now I am so happy to be back, so that In my own way I might help during these bad days."
refused to join with oth-nations until Trans-
WT p Balkan
er
sylvania was restored
Air-Training Schools At home m Canada engineers and aviators were busy selecting sites for the new air training schools on which work would shortly commence. Forty were expected to be opened during the winter, the total raised to 100 during the summer months. Some fifteen of the training centres are in Ontario.
Footnote
o
NTARIO
UTDOORS
ing, even instance, that the first air raid alarm in Grebt Britain this year sdhnded when a British of-
was
ficial flew over London on his home from a visit to the
By VIC BAKER
way
Duke of Windsor — his plane was mistaken for en /'unidentified" enemy airship. We know now, too, why the German invasion of Holland didn't take place the weekend of Nov. at the last moment to heed the advice of his generals and call it off (because Belgium would support the Netherlands). The inside story's the thing! Be patient and you'll get it, eventually.
As tho third month of the war drew to a close the sound of tongues wagging could still be heard above the noise of battle strife. Diplomatic interchange had it ail over military action. Russia and Finland "dared'* each other; Hungary and Rumania; Germany slammed England; England slammed Germany; Holland protested, Italy railed.
FROM A WATCHMAKER'S
BENCH
From a watchmaker's bench and an optometrist's assistance came a fishing lure this year which startled fishingdom and brought keen satisfaction to two ardent anglers who had created their own lures.
The watchmaker, E. Hensler, with the able assistance of the optometrist, Dr. C. Ingwersen, perfected a spoon that swims like a fish and has been used by great numbers of fishermen this last season with excellent results. The two amateur fishing lure inventors started the spoon making for their own use, but found it so effective and so popular that they had to make some for fishermen friends. They are made of stainless monel metal heads and tails with flexible bodies.
Why don't you try making your own artificial fishing lures and baits this year and see what satisfaction you get when one of your own creations hooks into and lands one of. those big ones?
TOUGH RABBITS A pugnacious white rabbit with a grudge against humanity claimed two more victims recently at Arnprior, Ontario, according to reports just reaching this corner. Jack Johnson, son of the Editor of the Arnprior Chronicle, told his father that he had been attacked by a rabbit. The editor went out to the yard to see for himself and the rabbit charged without warning and bit him on the leg. The rabbit was finally repulsed with a broom. Other residents have also reported similar assaults from the white rabbit. It certainly sounds hare-raising!	/
The Nobel Peace Prise for 1939 has gone beg-¦¦¦ for lack of a candidate.
Hitler decided
King
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neher
%


US MODERN5*
%

%

%
A
%
%
"'/////
V
'/////'S"-
/
#
X//
/

V*
z
f *
{-

r
K
4
c *
\
m f 'x
?h
%
A
?

* Protest Export Seizure .
The Allies' announced plan to seize German exports was responsible for a great deal of the talk. Amcng neutral countries, the Netherlands wore pe; haps hardest hit since, during the first nine months of this year, ten million tons of German exports were traashipped through Dutch territory to points abroad. Other nations chiefly to be affected were Belgium, Italy. Japan. Sweden, Denmark, Russia,¦MMÉÈMHI States.
Meanwhile the damage done by German mines, submarines to Allied and neutral shipping was terrific. Biggest sea disasters were the sinking of the British liner Rawalpindi which went down with all but 17 officers and men; ti$e torpedoing cf the Polish^ liner Pil-sudski. Rumois flew of mines
«I
W3*
y

L


;
y
»
g
- 9

%

%
z
&


the United
Canada’s Foreign
Trade Increases
%
A sharp rise occurred in Canada's external trade in September when the total was $166.020,853 compared with $139,183,821 in August and $129,620,881 in September, 1938, according to a re-
“Shell Shock"
Is Misnomer
/s

“I'm the only man here
I feel like a bull in a china thop! !"
REG’LAR FELLERS-Must Be the Climate
By GENE BYRNES
Cornell Neurologist Suggests Calling War Neuroses by Different Names |H| “Hero” Complex
Avoid

/ THESE ÇOLE.FISH ARE " r BOTH THE SAME ME/ LET'S HAVE A RACE AN' SEE WHICH ONE OF THEM GROWS THE BIGGEST/ y

WHEN I LEFT
NY QOLEFiSH Vd*
* v.
WHY SHOULDN Y IT BE ? YOU LEFT YOUR HOUSE X»
LATER	J
THAN I DID/ J
Substitution of the term "nervousness" for that of "shell shock" was advocated by Dr. Foster Kennedy. professor of clinical neurology at Cornell University Medical College. New York. In an address at Montreal recently.
Shell shock. Dr. Kennedy said, had a • pitifully romantic sound." Actually it covered a variety of the neurotic
which would better be described aa nervousness. This would avo making tbe man who was suffering a neurosis feel that he was a
1
1 I
z

Z
•«

p/

Cvi
/*
i>


£
In wartime

$
(
l
I

///
/'/S

> i
L
###PAGE###7###
,x>
%
*
i
A Weather Calendar
FORGET INSIPID TEAS!
How Can I?
"k DOES iMte good In e pipe!"
January snowy, February flowy, March blowy,
April showery,
May flowery,
June bowery,
July moppy,
August croppy, September poppy, % October breezy. November wheezy, December freezy.
Have You Heard
• V ANNS ASH1 tv
V^LB. "LOK-TOPM UN . 60*
aim pacM la Rachat Thu

Q. How can I make an economical, but delicious, fudge? »
A. Add 1 cup water to 2 cupa sugar, 8 tablespoons cocoa, and a small pinch of salt. Boil until it makes a soft ball in water. Add %-teaspoon vanilla flavouring, stirring until creamy, and pour on a buttered dish.
Q. flow can 1 impart a brilliant polish to ebony toilet articles?
A. Hub a little white vaseline into them with a soft cloth. It Is necessary to keep rubbing until the wood has absorbed all the vaseline.
Q. How can I prevent the ink from spreading when marking linen?
A. First put the initials on with * a soft lead pencil. Then trace with the marking ink.
Q. How can I make a smelling salts ?
A Secure a wide-mouthed bottle with a glass stopper and fill it almost to the top with subcarbonate of ammonia iri coarse powder form. Then pour over this just enough oil of lavender to cover the contents.
Q. How can I utilize orange peeliqgs?
A. Scald the peelings and dry thoroughly. Use a coarse grinder for grinding, and keep in a tightly covered jar in the refrigerator between usings. Their use will give an excellent flavor ta cakes or puddinga.
Many African natives believe that' apes, gorillas, ehimpansaes j and orang-outang# have the power of speech ; but that they won't talk : for fear men might put them to work.
f
D
"I reckon," said the farmer, "that I get up earlier than anybody else in the neighborhood. I am often up before 8 o'clock in the morning."
The second farmer said he was always up before then and had part of the chores done.
The first farmer thought he was fibbing and decided to find out. A few mornings later, he get up at 2 o'clock and went to his neighbor's house. He rapped on the back door, and the woman of the house opened it
"Where is gpour husband?" asked the farmer, expecting to find his neighbor in bed.
"He was around here early in the morning," answered his wife, "but I don't know where he ia now."

THE RICHER. MORE SATISFYING TEA
SO
•I •let
•It
#
•. Revenues from the manufacture and sale of liquor collected by the Dominion' Government in the fiscal year 1939 amounted to $26,166,450, exclusive of sales tax revenue.
fv ¦ x -
/FBEE
¦'tëàïM
about the same position with r» srard to growth as any of the othef cities of this Country, as all are plodding slowly.
Ottawa, as the seat of the federal government, has one advantage over the others in that it has am assured industry that is not affected by the vicissitudes of commerce. The civil service payroll provides e foundation of prosperity that is always stable in good times and bad. That is a fortunate circumstance since Ottawa has suffered some Industrial setbacks in the gradual subsidence of lumbering that for many years was centred there.
e Canada generally would stand te benefit substantially if growth of population were more rapid. This country hag slightly more than IV 000.000 people. Many of its national services have been developed far beyond the normal requirements #f that number of people.
Beys "Well, since they put euflage paint mm the
that
’IllUJlr
EtZE
:5a
end weal straight by
A little Scottish boy, evacuated to • border farm, cam# marling up to the farmer’s wife one day, all out of breath.
"Hey, missus," he gasped, "I've been chased by a big white cock.”
"Fancy a great lad like you running away from a cock,” aha said, "Why, you ate a bit of one for your dinner yesterday."
"That’s all very well,” said the boy, "but this one wasn't cooked."
Jk
.5
Modern
Etiquette
for
to
BY ROBERTA LEE
1.	If you have some extra Ana , wine that you wish to serve at
your Thanksgiving or Christmas dinner, should it be served as an appetizer or with the dessert?
2.	When a* man invites another * man to luncheon or dinner, should the host allow his guest to order,
should he do so for both?
8. Should the word "yours* follow such closes to a letter as "Sincerely," "Lovingly," and "Devotedly” ?
4. Is it a sign of good breeding
wLen a person has a studied and *ef a Negro congregation noticed artificial manner of speaking? ~	Sat an old face had reappeared
6. When # man is dining with a	among his flock, and after the
girl in a restaurant and another	sermon made It a point to wel-
man stops at the table to chat for	come the supposedly repentant
a minute, what should the girl's	backslider.
escort do?	"This is the first time I have
6. Is it improper for two girls	seen you at church for a long
tni their escorts to go on an all-	time," ha said. "I'm sho’ly glad
1
i
k
'lull-lliurrurexl TEA
Lady (heading ever deg to a In baggage car): "New,
give jjpbjra^ his , I waal yea to may, 'Bidden, Diakie want eo’ dim-
before y
F
or
Our Population Increase Slow
net quit# ready for him meal
yet."

What Science
One Sunday morning the pastor
Canada Would Stand to
fit If Growth Wore More
e
is
Rapid
Doing *
FREE
The assessment commissioner of Ottawa has given out the figures In a compilation of population statistics which show that the capital of the Dominion now has 141,111 people, which la a gain of 111 for one year. That does not show a rapid Increase* say# the Sarnia Canadian-0 bserver, but Ottawa le la
$
Map of Porcupine
Geology m Colours
Show, PRESTON'S ... beu.«L ¦¦I show# Hollingor, McIntyre, Pamour, Dome, as well
MAY CAUSE HAY FEVER .
Tiny micro-organisms which make soil fertile are described am great potential agents in causing^ hay fever. When dust storms sweep over large areas of the Western United States and Canada they carry with them millions of microscopic mould particles, similar to those which are found in yeast, which are now believed to cause the sniffles and violent sneezing characteristic of hay fev-
aries
"Ah dons had to come," explained Raetus. "Ah needs strengthening Fee got a job whitewash in' a chicken coop an' buildin' a fence roun' a watermelon patch.”
Churchill And “The Tiger” Get Together In France
rty.
No obligation. We are glad to •end It to you.
Take a minute now to fill out and mall the coupon
GOOSE AND DUCK FEATHERS WANTED
New Aagarlta Pereaplee Ml
Limited
IMS Nerlfcere Oelarie Bld*.,
T
te
\
Send, Geological Map of Porcupine
eernig work# “«omewher# $¦
r
England.”
A boy arrived later than
NAME ADDRESS .
CANADA COMFORTER CO.
•r.
•••••••••••••
Tele phene ADrlelde 1421
«seal and the foreman naked
¦a at. E.
78S O

TRIP TO MOON HELD UP
Just when preparations were coming along nicely for a flight to the moon, the project has been deferred because of the war. The British Interplanetary Society decided—at an emergency meeting, to cease activities for ^he present.
VITAMIN HALTS BLEEDING
A vitamin originally extracted from fish meal and alfalfa hay is today saving the lives of hundreds of mothers and babies.
The substance, known as vitamin K, and now made synthetically, is essential in the body's manufacture of prothrombin, a chemical which breaks down to form thrombin, the essential element in the formation of blood clots. Without it persons bleed to death despite all efforts of physicians to clore a wound by artificial means.
him tho reason.

; W
Û	¥ '
Classified Advertisements
r
f it
V
> r
MAGAZINE AGENTS
AGENTS WANTED
FURNITURE FOR SALE
TIME IS SHORT — SELL SPECIAL Christmas Club offers to popular Canadian and American Magazines as local representative. Highest commissions paid. Don't delay. Write — Canadian Periodical#, 245 Grace St., Toronto, OnL__________
A GOOD SALES AGENT SHOULD
represent want
occup
nursery stock Is the best that money and experience can pronursery. Pel-

LYONS
478 Yonge St., Toronto
CLEARANCE SALE RECONDITIONED FURNITURE
w.
a good company, good representatives for unled territories now. Our
l
l
f
dues
fifty years' business. Write ham Nursery Co., Toronto.
Slx-hundrod-acre
f
MACHINERY
FAST-SELLING REPEATER, NO competition. New disposable tie-
commission. (Ontario)
Reg d. 616 Yonge Street Toronto.

WADE PORTABLE DRAG SAWS— Delta woodworking tool# — elee-motora Belting and shop sup j of every description. The A. Williams Machinery Co- Ltd-64 Front SL W., Toronto.
fiÛN 3-piece Chesterfield Suit* reversible Marshall spring filled cushions, brown repp.
10 Cn Brown mohair Chesterflelg 10eJV Suite, reversible Marshall spring cushions, S pieces.
Id nn Smart apartment else Chee-terfleld Suite, 1 pieces, rust repp material, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
3C nn Beautiful large brown JJ.W hair Chesterfield Suite, figured reversible Marshall spring* cushions, perfect condition.
7 Cfx Odd Chesterfields, In z.uv mohair cover», spring filled cushions.
Odd Chesterfield
duster. Big “ADBS - T - KLEE.N”
sue


trie

lies
&
%

I


¦
CARS, NEW AND USED


P}

4T

MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS. LTD., Toronto’s oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers:	three locations,
•12 Mount Pleasant Road, 2040 x Yonge Street, 1225 Dan forth Ave. Our used cars make us many friends.	____

"'em
MEDICAL
t.
HlUti BLOOD PRESSURE—WRITE for free booklet and full particulars regarding successful hyb Pedigreed Saak.

our amaslngly lood treatment. Products. Saskatoon.
aSLwSisKr SSp a
quarters — somewhere in France — on the occasion of the visit to the fighting forces.
ENERGY ySES AFFECT BRAIN Comparison of Equipoise, one of the famous racehorses of all tv tes, with a white whale has shorn that training for high, _ steady energy t makes the brain grow large but training for quick bursts of energy leaves it small. Equipoise had the latter.
HIGH GASOLINE MILEAGE
An automotive scientist asserted last week that experiments foreshadow developments which would give the motorist £>0 per cent more mileage to a gallon of gasoline. The experiments have been carried out to determine the possibilities of increasing compression ratio under conditions in which rbe anti-knock value of the fuel ^war no longer the limiting
factor.	r
CLOTHING AND FURNITURE
repp
reversible
sea lord’s
WE GUARANTEE 100 PER CENT, fit and satisfaction In latest style clothing (slightly used). Gentlemen’s suits or overcoats, regular to $10.00, special $6.00 to $12.00. Ladies’ winter Coats. $4.00 to $7. Postpaid. State measurements, colours, style. Send money-order. Also write for bargain price lists of reconditioned used furniture. Ruskin A Company. Peterboro. Ontario
OFFER TO INVENTORS
Chair*
spring filled cushions, assort*
5.95
AN UPPER TU EVERY INVENTOR Uet of inventions end full Information sent free. The Ramsay Co. Registered. Patent Attorneys, :7" Bank Street, Ottawa, Canada.
ed covers.
day motor trip without » chaperone? .
Kroehler Chesterfield Bad Suits, upholstered In brows slble spring cushion* S pieces, complets with new mat* tress, perfect condition.
'jA nn Complete Bedroom Suits, Is Zf.W walnut finish. Vanity, fatt six# bed. chiffonier, spring and new mattress.
39 00
SCiXi IING
mohair, rever
Answers
1. It would be preferable to serve the wine with ydur afterdinner coffee, along with nuts and fruits. 2. He should allow his guest to give his order first, and directly to the waiter. When dining with a girl, she gives her order to him and he orders for both. 3. Yes. That is the preferred form. 4.* Not in the least. This manner is easily detected oy those with whom the person is conversing, who know that it is affectation. It has been said, "We are never so ridiculous from the habita we have than from those we affect to have.” 6. He should rise and remain standing until the other man leaves. 6. This is all right provided they do not stay awe- overnight
The old Niagara Falls, St. Catharines and Toronto radial railway station at Merritton, given to the local Boy Scouts for a meeting place, was -moved by them to a site, and turned into an attractive Scout headquarters.
PERSONAL
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY, Inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonial». Guaranteed. Advice free. Bartlett’s. Box 1. Winnipeg.
Modern Bedroom Suite I*
W— finis*
chiffonier, dresser with round V etlan mirror and full else bed.
Beautiful modern Bedroom Suite, bleached walnut flm» lab, dresser, chiffonier, full else bed and eagles» spring. Perfect.
Solid walnut Bedroom Suite
EDUCATIONAL
39.00
two-tone walnut
STUDENTS NOW ENROLLING FOR courses in Matriculation. Short Story. Journalism, Shorthand and Speech Culture. Make use of your spare time Write today. Canadian Correspondence College, (established 1802), 229 Yonge Street, Toronto.	___________________
POULTRY
new
49.00
LET US HELP YOU SELL YOUR Poultry. Write for Bray’s circular Markets; a real selling eld to Poultrykeepere. Valuable for your own customers too. Bray Hatchery, ISO John St North, Hamllto* Ontario.	______
Two alert Sudbury, Ont., Boy
a cord hanging
on
65.00 very large dresser, chlft-robe, full else bed. eagleee spring, and spring filled mettreea Com*
Scouts out hunting
father noticed ¦ .	|
from the limb of a tree. Investigating, they found a meteor-graph released from Baltimore. The instruments had recorded moisture, temperature and the height to %hich the meteorgraph had ascended. It was returned to Balt ip ore.
FARM FOR SALK
pletely refinished.
i 7 Cn * piece Dining room Suit* I /. JV buffet, extension tabla, am# six leather seat chairs.
Solid oak Dining Suits, bed*
table and •
NINETY ACRES PRODUCTIVE clay loam adjoining village, g< buildings, spring watered. T thousand cash, balance 4 per cant William Pearce. Exeter.
RADIO SUPPLIES
ood
wo
GET PERFECT RECEPTION OF Holiday Broadcasts with new,
BSSSt&l
Allied Radio, Box - t. STA #4<r\ Montreal.
24.00 fet, extension
leather upholstered pletely reflnlshsd.
Factory sample (new)
FARM TEAM WANTED
59.00
WANTED — WELL . MANNERED heavy farm team, under eight preferably mares. Give description and pries. A. Q. Ramsay, Oormlcy, Ontario __________________
etts Suits In English oah, buffet extension table with Jsdb knife leaf, and 4 chairs upholstered In red leather. Regular ft*.06_
69.00 *•*"”“
DO YOU OWN
X
Mining Stocks?
Dining
Suita In 1-tone walnut fld-
extension t S leather ui completely reflnli walnut Dining fl buffet
at the famous
As sign	—HH
Cromer coastguard station at %rimingham, England, Norfolk Sea Scouts have been rendering vslusble wartime service. When the Greek steamship Mount Ida Wrecked off the Norfolk coast they aided in the rescue work by transmitting messages to the lifeboat, by lamp and radio. They regularly assist in petroling the shore, and signal the police word of washed-up mines.
large buffet, china cabinet and stared chairs,
79.00
table, china cabinet and 1 _ leather upholstered chairs, pletely
SHIP YOUR FURS TO US FOR full market prices. L A. James, 111 Talbot St, St Tho
Ish.
^Scratching xx
HARDY APPLE TREES — SO ÇT& each. Canada's Lowest Priced Nur eery, growing leading varieties Fruit Trees. Ornamental*. Write immediately requesting sensational offerlnga Tobe'e Treery. Nta-gara-on-the-Lake, Ontario.
extensiem 0 genuine
If yen ewm any miming stocks and want to receive the latest information about them, emr alatiatUn! depart-meal
provide | hi • information without any obligation te
RANCHERS AND T
urn’s
ALL PRICKS ON RAW FURS ARE
was
odd
low. Why not get the moi your fox pelts by having
id made Into attr
sss.
a&æsr,sryKrï»
factory sample# to clear at who.#-
S553

would % be glad to
money-back guarantee of eatlefbs-
HE
Workmanship gu It.SO, rede $$.#. Taxidenniet
HIGHEST PRICK FOR NEW AND
____feathers. Robinson’s,
Brock Avenue Toronto. Writs quotations. @	___-_
$•*
and Furrier, Queen	Toronto.
for
THECljffEA-ClIP THAT FIGHTS
CONSTIPATION
7
tlon.
SCHOOL HOOKS
We would be pleated to
HAIS GOODS
¦ LYONS FURNITURE CO. 478 Yonge St., Toronto
One of the unanticipated results of the moving of English childien from the large cities, to rural areas has been the application of evacuated boys to join Scout troops. In north Wales one new troop of forty members has been started. Two large boys’ schools with an enrolment of nearly 1,260 boys have launched into Scouting as a major school activity. One of the reasons has been observation of the numerous ac of wartime public service rendered by Boy Stouts.
STUDY COURSES—BOUGHT rented. Mducational been*
ig>w
etc. Canada’s large# ¦ _ ¦ eat prices, send for list Economy Distributing. Leam/ngton, Out
provide any ether informa
WIGS. TOUPE8. TRANSFORMA-
Gsréeld Tea is not a “cure-all,’ but if 1 typ## o?7\naat*?ua^HMr°Goods.
SÎ5ES5Ï5 fesSt**
grant, 10-herb tea. Acts thoroughly |	======================
23t-lOc *S ti xgt*m.
iug miming l«
tie»
L
ral u
g
Your enquiry will reeeire
SKATING OUTFITS
Outfits. slightly
Peerless, 111 Dundee W«,
¦LATINO
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
3&
Toronto.
Lakewood
INVESTMENTS
WArerley 3039
DOLLARS READING YOUR newspaper#! Lime and stamp
U«-d
fee
I
:ai ILT MB
SPECIALIZING IN
UNITS
GARFIELD TEA
lltoW Ontario. *
GOOD USED TIRES. ALL
X
inquiries * laHbdd Brockton Tire, 1111 Dundee West Toronto.
A .to
1 Close Ave., Toronto 3, Canada
Dept. C2A
ISSUE NO. 4» —’3#


###PAGE###8###
"W '


^ f


*> .


,1-
k
Mexican Shrub Yields
Vegetable ‘Whale Oil*
Look Here
Wm Kelly, Early Hotelkeeper At Campbell's Bay, Dies
Enroll Now
Shop at Horner's
For Him
Person» desiring to enroll in the Ked Cross Nursing Class will be received np to Decern-
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost ole:
LOST—One Shock Abeoiber Oiiroplane . Finder plcatc leave at The Equity __ce or Phone 71.
HAY FOR SALK —Quantity of well saved hay for Hale. Apply
Fraskr, m Waver ley 5t..
William Kelly, aged 88, pioneer hotelkeeper and lumberman of Pontiac County, died Monday at his residence, «$77 Nelaon street, after being confirmed to his bed for the past two months,
" Born at Bryson, Que, in 1861, son of the late Mathew Kelly and the former Mary Delaney, who came to Canada from Ireland, lie was educated in Calumet Maud, near the place of his With. Familiar with the old fashioned methods of lumbering, he hewed square timber which was driven to bcc and shipped to England.
Kelly also helped to construct the I hobs.
Bryson Bridge, an old landmark • It is a distant relative of the bet-in the Bryson district He con* Iter-known and thickly branched box-stnictod one uf the first buildings wood, although it is dioecious—that iu Campbell'* Bay, a hotel which hSt the male and female flowers are lie operated fui a number of years. Lome on separate plants. Only felt was the first hotel in the dis
trict.
- He then moved to Vinton, Que ; wheie he married the former Cecilia Mnrtagh in 1892. He and his wife remained in Vinton until 1011 when lie retired and they moved to Ottawa.
Nature sometimes turns up surprising things for the researcher, and when one needed product becomes scarce a substitute often is found.
This is strangely true in the matter of whale oil. An oil similar to whole oil now is produced from the seed of a shrub found in Arizona, the lower part of California and Mexico* It is known by a variety of names, the wild hazelnut, the sheep nut and the goat nut. The Mexicans know it as the jojoba, which is pronounced much more softly as ho-


lier 2KtU, mm A ppl y t o
Mrs, Rkvbkn Smith, R. N.,
or
Mrs Rari. McDowki.l. R N
m

iflS
Pelts and Hides Wanted
to Doxai.ii Ottawa.
A complete stock of practical gifts including .
Slippers,
Watches,
Toilet Sets,
Di easing Gowns
and priced from 25 cents up
For The Ladies
See the lovely gifts we have for them
Dress Up For Christmas
Buy a New Suit and look your best holiday festival.
1 wish to announce that I am in the market for all kinds of raw pelts cow hides, horse hides, sheep and call* skins. Highest market prices paid.
FOR SALK Dwelling house Situated at Stark s Cornera, includes Lot'120 feet by 3600 feet, six room house, B.C. flr finish, woodshed, sumtuci kitchen and tiled well. For further particulars apply to, C..B, Fülîorî), Co wans ville,-Quv.
Scarfs,
(i loves
%
A
Sweaters,
Shirts and Ties
NORRIS R, HORNER
'Shiwville, Que.
FhoUe 43
ROOMERS- Several large comfortable looms, furnished.
Howard, Shawvllle
MS, »
to 0. A
Poultry Wanted
FOR SALK Oil EXCHANGE FOR CATTLE—One McLaughlin Jut ter y overhauled and painted, also one
tesK ssySTSsa1- akî;
male plants bear the nuts from which the liquid wax comes.
The nut itself is not rare. For centuries it has been relished by the Indian tribes inhabiting the area, and even the oil, which had not previously been analyzed, has been
A devout Catholic, he attended [used commercially as a hair tonic. St. Joseph s Church and was a The seed is egg-shaped and ridged, member of the Holy Name Society, and as a rule is about one-half inch Although confined to his bed long and three-eighths-of* an inch latterly, lie never lost hie facilities thick.
and eagerly spoke of the old pion* Twenty-five pounds of the nuts
~	. [were gathered in Sonora, Mexico,
new
Shawvillc Egg and Poultry Association will receive live and drc<sod poultry onsii.iesday of each week until 4.00 p m. For further particulars apply to
K)R SALE—One Driving Sleigh ; Cutter nn<l one Set of Single Haroeet.
Apply to Chah. Resell, l. Hrlstol, Que, Phone 4 2.
l'OR RENT — Comfortable dwelling hou ho, situated In east end Shaw ville, uiorlern conveniences and garden. Apply to Mes. Vi irroN Coiuiîoan, Sbawvlflc. or Mus. Thos. Kelly, Brcckcnrldge, Que.	•
ont*
B. T STARK,
Manager
Rhone, U T
for the
Newspaper Soup
Newspaper soup! That’s what a eering days in Pontiac County band of 15 surveyors, lost in Cana* Chief mourners and survivors I and shipped to a commercial feed da’s wilderness, tried to live on un- besides his widow are three sons, Arm in St. Louis. Then they were til they were rescued. For 39 days William, Dillion and J, H. Kelly, sent to the bureau of chemistry, the men had eaten nothing but 14 all <rf < Hta wn ; one daughter, Miss where the oil was extracted from rabbits; they tried to make soup Marietta Kelly, also of JBtawa;|tIlc see(| from newspapers as a change, one sister, Mrs. John Mullin Vin*
When reduced to desperate plight, % &nd three grandchildren.
out of provisions near the end of the luent was	at Vinton Catlio-|as in soapmaking. Vegetable oils
journey. His crew was reduced to |ic eemeteiy.-Ottawa Journal. under this treatment yield
boiling leather for food. Explorers « ¦¦ ¦ ...	. ..........¦ ¦¦.— and glycerin, but jojoba oil
in the tropics, when pressed for r_,	__	t ..	j only about 50 per cent of soap and
food, use the monkey as a guide. Ill0 Red Crosn heal« the wounds about 50 per cent of a yellow oil.
Any tiling it will eat, they will eat—	?n< ):ings com tort v « tie IGadoleic or eicosenoic acid, the prin-
can get	¦
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
FOR SALE—One Gelding Blood Col rising two year old sired by Brow oh A^ply to Hunt in AIES, R R. No. :i, Shnv
It was found that these seeds yielded 51.2 per cent of a light yellow oil.
The testing of this oil started in the usual way. First they treated the oil with a strong alkali solution
FOR SALE-One good driving horse, rising 5 years. Apply uf L. R. Ebon,
McKee, Quebec.
Phone, 43
FOB SALK on EXCHANGE - 0n«
blood gelding, lire years old, will exchange for heavy colt, or sell on reason, able terms. Apply to Henry McCori»,
Charte!Is. Que. Phone, :XF2I$.
a soap yielded
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
FOR SALE—Dwelling house and outbuildings with 3 acres of land, on highway to Norw ay Hay. close to school and churches. Apply to Mrs Edna Yovno, Maryland. Que. Phone M-3 Shaw ville.
__ ciple acid present in this soap, has = I never before been found, except per-Bristol Busy Bees Institute will haps in very small amounts, in any Goats Go to Work	meet at Pine Lodge, on Friday vegetable oil. As its name indt-
It is a far cry from Angora goats afternoon, Dec. 15th, at 2 30 gates, it is closely related to oleic to automobiles, yet this species of o’clock. Program — A talk on acid, which is a usual constituent goat provides the raw material for Christmas, by Rev. J. W. Smith, 0f vegetable oils, but gadoleic acid the mohair upholstery found in so of Bristol. Roll call - A Christmas has 20 carbon atoms in its molecule, manx motor cars. One goat must thought.	[while oleic acid has only 18 carbons
thrive and produce for 10 years to ¦¦	¦	....... in its molecule. The results of these
provide enough mohair to upholster	Tr4 M h xmrh	tests, in which the component parts
§3 &HbHKîiH3 ISCsEfsr<nd ¦"
hair fabric, the raising of Angora L h jehan at Agra, near Delhi, goats has become a major industry, [ndja „s a tomb for h$l favorite
wife. To build it a vast army of Hindu workmen labored for 22 years, and with its neighboring pal-and mosque, the cost is reck-
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and pi ices.
\\ IND IIIAUGER—Harness the wind
and turn it into electricity, by having a new wind charger ana de and Installed at a very small cost, and terms If desired. All work fully guaranteed HOWARD BROWN Phone 9-15.
Apply to R. 2, Slmwvllle.
Are You The Man ?
Phone,278
^ OU will make amazing protits every hour selling 200 guaranteed neoeaelbes used in every home. You can have a solid business established within three months. Ifjeu arc tired of working to earn profits for someone else Ow n Your Business and enjoy all the profits Obligation. Get details and ratal FREE. He First. FAMILEX ]_
Dl CTS, 570 St. Clement. Montreal.
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Americans Require 25%
Of World’s Meat Supply
especially in Texas which produced in 1937, 14.000,000 cf the 10,558,000 pounds produced in the seven leading producing states.
No
r$e
The people of the United States, oned to have been between $20,000,- I although comprising less than 6 per 000 and $50,000,000. It is of white Lent of the world's population and marble, 130 feet long and wide, and I awning less than a fifth of its hogs nearly 200 feet high to the top of the and only a tenth of its cattle, cat huge dome, which surmounts the perhaps a fourth of its beef and a eight-sided building. This is sup- fourth of its pork, according to the ported on each side by two slender institute of American Meat Pack-minarets aijd is surrounded by Per ers< By contrast, in British India, sian gardens. The walls of the in- L-here the Hindus hold some cattle ¦¦¦are covered. With floral de- Lacred, beef production and consigns, loved by the Persians, picked sumption are relatively low, al-out in onyx, jasper, carnelian and though India boasts twice as many rthçr semi-precious stones.	(cattle, including water buffalo, as
do€S tjic
In general, the countries and the continents with the largest human
ace
Photographs of the children become increasingly prenons w ith passing years. They, too, in later years, will appreciate
The ap
| Christmas ial -
wo extra j hot os with each dozen
H Imisons Photo Studio
PERSONAL MENTION
Patrick Quinn Well known Resident of Vinton Passes
Vinton community lost one of its most highly respected residents in the death on Monday morning, Dec, Ith, of Patrick Quinn.
Mr. Quinn was born in Vinton, sou of the late Patrick Quinn and his wife, the late Isabelle MacDonald, and was in his 79th year.
Surviving are his wife, the former Mary Ann Daley ; six sons, Harry, Harvey and Clare, of Timmins ; Emmett, of Little Long uac ; Charles, of Ottawa ; Joseph, at home; two daughters, Mrs. Thomas O'Brien and Mrs. Bartley Sloan, of Vinton : one sister, Mrs. James Quinn, Campbell a Bay ; four brothers, William, of North Bay ; Hugh, of Ottawa ; Harry, of St. Louis, and Alex J., of Campbell's Hay.
The funeral xvas held from his late residence morning to St Elizabeth de Frank town Church where solemn requiem high chanted by Very Rev. J
Mrs. XV. E, Shaw was a recent guest of her sister, Mrs. Waiter Derrick, in Montreal.
Mrs. Thos. Shore was a week-end guest of Mrs. A. G Ptoudfoot. at Campbell s Bay.
the record of their childhood i pi annate gift
Wilson’s Garage
The Same Reliable Service
! -
Red Cross Units
tenor
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Mr. Dean Howard, R.C,M.l\, of, Formed Ottawa, spent the weekend with his father, Mr- G. A. Howard.
The following Units have re ported their formation to the cential headquarters of the Shaw ville and District Branch of the Red Cross. Units and officers are
¦¦¦^
Bristol-Committee, in charge of township : Mayor J.J Nelson McLellan.
Mr. and Mrs. George E.ides, of van. Rev C. Armstrong Sales, Cafleton Place, Ont, were Sunday Mrs. Murray Smith, Mrs. W. J. guests of their relatives in town. Murray, Mrs. Macfarlane, Miss L.
mm	Mrs. Austin Gibbon- and
Miss Dorothy Wilson and Mr. j Mr. Hilliard Beatty.
Victor Fiddes, of Kingston, were | Litchfield UNIT-Reports Mrs week end guests at the home of Harold A. Smith, as delegate Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Wilson.	| Harford Unit 2— President,
_ ,, „	, . . Mrs. H. H. Horner ; v. pres., Mrs.
Constable W. R. Condie, of the j R. \% Hod gins ; sec tn as, Miss M. R. C. M. P-, of Ottawa, visited at Brownlee ; delegate, Mrs. Gordon the home of his uncle, Mr. David. Richardson ; finance committee, T. Hodgins, for the week end. Messrs. Russell Mee and Ira Hanna.
¦¦¦¦{^¦¦I Radford Unit—President, Mrs
Clifford Horner; v pres. Mrs. W. S. Hanna ; sec treas., Mrs. K Smiley : delegate to be appointed ; finance committee, Messrs, Garfield Hodgins and \V. S. Hanna.
Charters Unit 13 —President, Mrs. K. Bolton ; v. pres., Mrs. Crawford ; sec treas.. Miss Hilda Harris; delegate, Mrs. Russell Elliott ; finance committee, Rev. K. Bolton and Mr. Milton Morn-
Mr and Mrs. Titiemau Tuck, oi Ottawa, were week end visitors with relatives m this district.
Ford Service
Giants’ Causeway
There is no natural phenomenon populations are also those with the anywhere to compare to the Giants’ largest numbers of cattle and hogs. Causeway, on the northern coast of Asia, for example, with half the hu-Ireland, with its piled masses of man population of the globe, also hexagonal rocks, a gigantic and fan- numbers at least a third of the cat-tastic honeycomb in stone. It is one tie and about a third of the hogs, of the wonders of the world. No And China, which enjoyed sausage highway by the sea surpasses in and perhaps also roast pork thou-grandeur the magnificent coast road sands of years ago, recently pos-which leads to it.	Jsessed practically twice as many
hogs as this country had. Europe, with about a fourth of the world s people, has perhaps a fifth of its cattle and a fourth of its hogs.
It is now more than 400 years since Columbus crossed the Atlantic, but with all our modern growth, the cembined population of North and South America today is still less than half of that of Europe and only about a fifth of that of Asia. In live stock numbers, however, or in the amount of meat consumed, the United States alone apparently stands much higher, although outranked by several nations in meat consumption per capita.
Shell Sealed Cas A Oils
lifted below
Misses Edna and Mabel Chisnell, of Ottawa, are visiting their parents, Mr. and Mrs. XVm Chisnell.

J. P. Wilson
Main Street
Shawvllle, Quebec
Phone 40
t
mass was Kimpton.
NOTICE
Salem’s Lesson
One hundred years ago Salem faced a severe problem. Trade embargoes, the opening of the Erie panai, which diverted shipping lines to New York, and other factors had made her port a second-rate harbor along the New England coast. For years Salem had been our chief mercantile gateway to the Orient. It appeared in 1839 that Salem was definitely to remain a fofgotten city. But Salem turned from its shipping to manufacturing had just come to the attention of New Englanders and a courageous group of citizens turned the power of steam into its development of the New England tektile industry. Salem soon boasted of the founding of the first cotton mill in the United States run by steam. It is a fine example of New England ingenuity. The example of 100 years ago is a lesson for us.
Many Attend Funeral of Mrs James H. Lang
The death occurred at the home of lier son, Mr. Russell Lang, South Porcupine, Out, on Sunday evening, Dec. 3rd, of Matilda Premier-dergnst, beloved wife of the late James H. Lang
Mis. Lang had only resided in Northern Ontario for a few years, having lived moat of her life in this district. Born 75 years ago in Clarendon township, she was a daughter of the late John C. Pren-dergast and Matilda Campbell,
Ladysmith—Officers in charge both of Thorne township :* president, tion.
Rev. K. Sobbe ; v. pres., Mr Fred Lang, and lived for many years in Schwartz ; sec treas., Mr. Verner Thorne township and later in BretzlafT. ITn it—President, Mrs. Litchfield. Mr. Lang died in 1931 K. Sobbe; v. pres,, Mrs. E C. Left to mourn the loss of a lov-Dahms ; sec treas , Mrs. Theo. ing mother are four sons, Karl, of BretzlafT; delegate, Mrs. K. A. Litchfield; Russell, Ivan and Bor-
At the »nn.m. meeting of	.	3::'^,
8t. Georges VVomenii Auxi lary	Unit-President. Mrs. R W. North Bay and Mrs. Howard
Thorne Centre, held recently at Hodgins ; 1st v. pres., Miss Minerva Moore, Lusk ville ; one sister. Mrs. the home of Mrs Robert Holt Corrigan ; 2nd v. pi es , Sirs. Pow William Anderson, of Essex June Ladysmith, the following oftkei* |es . sec treas., Mrs. O. Fades; tion, Vt.; four brothers, Forest J., were elected	delegate, Mrs. W. E ShaW.	of Ottawa ; Robert H., of Condor,
Bon. Piwdent,_ 1rs. K. v Bol-	Unit-Officers not yet received. Alberta ; George, of Seattle,
ir- ’	1! u r'Ti	iiifc!	UNIT—Offic ers not yet re Wash , and Samuel, of Sioux Look
Vice president, Mrs Thos. Smith ; ceived.	out. Ont
Secietary,	' !,! ! STARK8 Corners Unit-Dele- The funeral was held on Wed-
Treasurer, Mrs. Ij* d rhwarlz , g^te, Mrs. Jessie Stark.	nesday afternoon from the home
Dorcas secretary, Mrs. F McLagg. Y ARM Unit - President, Mrs of her son, Earl. Litchfield, to .The financial repoi t disclosed	Tracy	; v. pres,, Mrs. Steers ;	Campbell’s Bay United Church,
that after *11 obligations had ><*en sec’ty. Mrs. Hurst Hodgins ; treas,	Service was conducted by the
lyet and a gmnt made to the . is	G*met Hodgins; delegate, Pastor, Rev. E G -Warren, who
sionary Budget appeal, an un-	reported ; finance committee, was assisted hv Rev. Mr. Andrews
usually large surplus was on hand. Messrs. Elliott Hodgins and Or- and Rev. Harry Moore, the latter ¦...	1 —	" ¦-- — " m I val Woolsey.	a nephew of the deceased. Inter
-	j We understand there are other m.-nt ofaa made in the Union
Stark’s Corners United Sunday Units formed in the various muni Cemetery.
School will hold their annual cipalities, butas the names of their The large attendance at the fun*
Christina- Tree and program in offieeis have not yet been received, era) and the up nierons floral tri the chinch hall on Thursday even- they will appear in a later issue of tributes received were evidence of ing, Dec 2I*t, at 8 00 oclock. A The Equity.	the esteem in which the deceased
splendid pr gram is being nrrang-	R	P. Fades. President	was held hv a host of friends in	supplies	and	efficient	medical aerv
ed. Aduii-Hon, 15 cents.	T.	E. R. Nurse, Secretary, j	Northern Ontario and this district	lice have	had	their	effect.
From this date all accounts outstanding in connection with the service of the Hackney Stallion, Dainty Prince George, must be paid to the owner. Other persons are not authorized to make collections.
By order of the owner,
XV. H. BKOXVN, Porcupine, Ont.
Mr. and Mrs. David Brown, oi Manotick, Out, spent.a couple of days of last week the guest of Mrs. Thus, Shore in town.
Mr. and Mrs. A. G, Brough visit ed at the home of their daughter, Mrs. Orin Simons, at Thetford Mines, Que , during the past week.
Rev. K. C. and Mrs. Bolton, of Charteris, motored to Montreal last week. Their infant daughter, Margaret Edith, was baptized at St Aldan’s Church, Montreal, on Monday afternoon by the Rev. W. J. Ellis.
November 15, 1939
-i
Steam power
Horses For Sale
Three Colts, coming three-years
Three Colts, coming two-years
Thrÿe Foals, coming one year-old
Three good drivers and good work homes.
Payments accepted on good securities on 0 to 12 months time.
Apply to
O. A. HOWARD & SONS Frost & Wood, Cockshutt Imp. Ford Cars and Trucks, Sbawville, Qee.*
son
Sam Hill Mansion
After 22 years of lonely and un* completed grandeur, the “Prairie Palace” Sam Hill built in 1917 on the hills above the Columbia river near Goldendale, Wash., is being completed, renovated and converted into a museum. When the legendary railroad builder died in 1931, he left a trust fund providing for completion of the massive “Hill house,” and for its organization as a public 2 museum about two years ago under the direction of Zollo O Brooks, a lifelong friend and intimate of Hill. Not since 1926, when Queen Marie of Rumania held court in the gigantic “Throne room,” has the strange monument seen such activity.
pioneer settlers in this sec-In 1891, she married Mr,
I
Annual Meeting St. George’s W. A

Typhoid Loses Ground
Only a few decades ago typhoid fever was orte of the most common and dreaded scourges. Every summer it gathered its large toll of victims, and some communities were decimated by it. Cities and isolated sections alike felt its terror. A visit to old country churchyards will reveal many pathetic little tombstones, where are buried the child victims of this disease, which was no respecter of age. Fortunately sustained effort has almost eradicated this disease. One seldom hears of it these days. A report made by the American Medical association reveals that last year there were only 341 deaths in 78 large cities. In 1916 the number was 4,637. Improved sanitary conditions, guarded water
Work began
FOR SALE
ton
For immediate shipment only and «abject to prior sale l.GfO sheets “TITE-LAF* Galvanised Steel Pooling, . ' ¦
EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd
1335 Delorimier Avenue
Montreal, Quebec
t
Fur Pelts Wanted
I I wi^i to announce to the pu that I am in the market for all kinds of Seasonable Fnr Pelts and assure highesi market prices.
NORRIS R. HORNER,
Licensed Fnr Dealer, Shawville, Que.
P
Tenders Wanted
Tenders will be received for a quantity of good body hardwood, 22 inches long, suitable for furnace. Tenders to be in ilie hands of the President or Secretary not later than Dec. 23rd, 1939
H. E. ELLIOTT,
See. Tiens,
blit*


IS






i hone 43
1



s
