###PAGE###1###
]
: vT



s
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United State»
1
8HAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY
AUGUST 24. l$m
N.> 10, 57th Yeah
GEORGES CARON .GOWLING
# BUS: NESS^P#
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
PERSONAL MENTION
Soft Bill Note»
Sbawville Softbatiers were defeated lu n regular league game at Wyman on Wednesday of la*t week, the score being 11-9.
Wyman defeated Norway Bay at Norway Jtiay on Monday night, (be score being 14—13.
Shawville Hardware
». A., », C L.
Advocate, Barrister
Al Campbell'# Fey Friday, Saturday and Monday
Min* H l isola 9trelief, of Ottawa, is visiting friends in town this week.
Miss Lorn a Macartney, of Ottawa, spent the week-end with friends in tOWÛ.
Mr. Gilmour Hod g in*, of Ottawa, spent the week end at his parental home at Yarns.	- I-; g. ’
Mrs. E. Nelson, of Ottawa, Is a guest at the home of her sieter, Mrs. R. H. Elliott
• Mrs. XV. J. Connelly, of Cobden, was a guest of Mrs. A If Draper, for a few days last week.
Misses Isobel Sly and Lorna Wilson are attending Girls* Camp at L’Original this week.
Miss Vera Klatt was a guest at the home of Mr and Mrs. J. Alex Armstrong, for the week-end.
Mr. and Mrs. A T. Brown, of Timmins, Out., visited relatives m this district during the past week.
Seasonable
Requirements
Ottawa, Ontario
Tills old reliable school ha« removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
I
QUE.
Wyman United Sunday School Observe 60th Anniversary
The Wyman United Church was taxed to capacity on Sunday morning, the occasion being the observance of the fiftieth annivar-nary of the Sunday School. Rev. W H. Day. the Pastor, was in charge. Special music was render
Rev. Kdey Martineau, a former pupil, now minister of the united Church at St. Tberese, Que., gave an interesting address. A. hintprl-cal sketch was read by S. \V. Mac Ketchnie covering items of note during tne period.
Two members were present who had been in attendance since the school" was founded. Gifts presented these to Miss Edith Rdey, a Church Hymnary, and to w. F, Pritchard, a Bible.
Oil Monday a picnic was held at Old Pontiac, at which a number of former pupils from outside points were present.
SHAWVILLE
Fishing Tackle Fly Repellents
Screen Doors, Window Screens Spring Hinges, Calv’d Screen Wire Carden Spades, Shovels, Hoes, Forks Lawn Mowers, Crass Shears, Srccm’Rakes
w. i. comme
President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
BORN
At Shawvllle Community Hoepi-til, on Tuesday. Aug. 22nd. 16W,
S2r/82k BSiaPSMI JAMES A.i MILLAR
twin boya.	|	B.A., LL.L.
ADVOCATE. BARRISTER, etc.
189 Main St

ENGAGEMENT
Poole—McLean:
Mrs. Geo. Poole, of Beech Grove, Que, announces the engagement of lier only daughter. Marion Edith Jane, to William Henry Carl, son of Mrs. McLean, of Em id ley, Que. Marriage to take place Thursday, Avgust 24, 1930.
Hull,Que-
•t
At Pontiac House, Shawvillo, every Wednesday afternoon.
A t Moyle's Hotel, Campbell’s Bay, every Wednesday morning.
Mr. Claire "Casey" Hyndman, of Beachbnrg, Ont., »DMit the week-end with friends at Greenf Lake.	V
Mits Luella MacLean, of Granby, Que , was a week end guest at the
home of her cousin, Mr. Harland C Rowat.
Mr. and Mr#. Alex Kllgonr. of North Ray. visited their relatives in town and vicinity during the past week.
Mrs. Carroll Horner, of Nôjraiidn, Que., is visiting her parents In law
Mr nnd Mrs. Henry Homer, at Sand Hay.
Mr. and Mrs. Alviu Smiley and daughter, of Niagara halls, S.Y , visiting their relatives in this
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
MARRIED
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
Est. C. J. Caldwell
Willard—McDowsll
The marriage of Miss Margaret	l._
McDowell, of Kirkland Lake, Oefivk — In the G. F.Hodgins Building daughter of Mr and Mrs. Austin McDowell, of Sbnwville. Que., to Dr. Jack C. Willard, of Toronto,
was solemnized' Friday. August J. OSCAR LAFLAMME 4th at Dominion United church.
Rev. George Stafford
•HAWV1LLE. QUE.
Sen. M. L Anger Visits Pontiac
Main Street, Que
Hou. H. L. Aiiger, Quebec Minister of Colonisation, accompanied by Inspector H. Lisalle and For-estvy Inspector Hector H Belec. visited the colonization sections of Pontiac County from North Ou,. dist|.jct
oompauied him that he would sub Mr and Mrs, T. E Farrell, of mit them to his Cabinet colleagues gonth Porcupine, visited their While ex preening his admiration re|af| ve» in town and district dur-for the many beautiful places he $ the past week,
!
trade while olao serving the needs U(. Henry Argue, of Mount
of the* citizens.	Foreet. Ont., visited at the home
Mr. Auger’s confidence m colon- 0f brother, Mi. J. M- Argue, fora isatloo, as a remedy to some eco- f v dliyg dming the past week noraic is shown by the faett that a party of engineers is already cruising a section along the
hi

Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell's Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
Ottawa.
officiated
PREPARE FOR SCHOOL
are
Carty—SMITH
A pretty wedding was noleroniz-ed on Saturday evening, August 12th. at the manse of St, Andrew e Presbyterian church, Fimt Street, Kirkland Lake, Ont., where Rev. C. J. MacKay conducted the cere luony which united in marriage Mias Velma Catherie Smith, second daughter of Mr. and Mr*. Robert Smith, of Port Sydney, Ont., and William Charles Carty, of Kirkland Lake, son of Mr. and Mrs. Angus Carty, of Campbell s Bay, One. Present at the wedding were Mr. and Mrs Melvin Young, of
Kirkland Lake	-
The bride who was given In marriage by her sister, Mrs. Gordon Smith, wore n becoming gown of white sheer chiffon, made street-length, with puff sieves and tiny orchid flowers painted on the bodice. .A lovely white picture lmt and a corsage of Johanna mil rose» completed the ensemble. She whs attended by Miss iva Mitchell, who wore a two piece dress of
yellow crepe, white hat and corsage of various votant ed sweet pea*. Mrs. Smith was gowned in Amen
with hat and
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A, LL. B , C L.
Advocate, Barrister, etc.
Main Street . - Hull, Que. Phone, Sher. 1304
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e:sry Friday evening. —
Just another few days - and - Back to School
School Togs
DONAT Le GUERRIER
LL. B..
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
Boys’ Sweaters
Made by Warrens. Good colour schemes
V -Neck Pullovers $1.00 Zipper Neck “
mmmKÊ
I####
*
Mr and Mr*. Wiu. E, Millions, of South Porcupine, Ont. are vijoMng ot the borne of Mm, Million a father Mr. John Cunningham, Starke
Corners.
Mis. Richard Pent land and little daughter, of Uttau visited at the home of her parents, Mr- and Mrs. Wellington Smart, during the
week.	*
Miss Evelyn Dahms training at Ottawa Civic Hospital, is spending her vacation at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mr*. E C. Dahms
Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Grace and children, of Pembroke, Out, spending part of their vacation with Mrs. Grace’s parents, Mr. and Mrs. Was. J Horner


'$ Branch at Quyon • will call any ,	1 Monday on request,
Matters dealt with by correspondence

river ,
Shawville Hatchery Ranks First In Quebec Province
lY

$1.25
With about 75 members and guests present, Shawville Co-operative Hatchery held their ntst annual banquet at the agriciiltur h! hall in the exhibition ground on
Thursday evening Mr. N. 1>. Kilgour, president, was in the chair, and introduced W. A Brown chief of the federal poultry division, Ottawa. Other speakers and . guests attending were R P Sparks, president ol the Hull Co operative Hatchery ; H. Robi taille, HullI; R W. Hod-gins, secretary of Pontiac Agricultural Society, No. L and N. A. Driimmond. agronomist.
' Hertal Stailt, secretary and manager of the Shawville Hatch-wry gave the tinanciul report, which » bowed a surplus for the year of $270.00. He also explained that out of 43 hatcheries in the province of Quebec, ’Shawville ranked first with a hatchability of eggs set of 83 7 percent. After the report definite plans were made for progressive moves in the future, and it was decidwi to pur chase superior male stock for the 1940 breeding season.
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER 119 MAM STRUT
I
nuv«e*m
PHONE, 2-22
Boys’School Pants-Sturdy Tweeds etc.
New Brown Shades in longs at $1.95 per pair
75 ctS. to $1.00 “ “ .
cm Beauty crepe accessories of white H Mr. James Hornell was grooms
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proud foot’s Hotel, Campbell** Bay, every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m.
man.	,
Following the ceremony, a delightful party was held at the new home uf The young couple, 11 Me-
The groom i* a Kirkland Lake
Shorts at
are
Kelvie Ave. member of the police force.

Boys’ School Oxfords ^
Strong well made shoes for boys that will stand plenty of wear, Black or Brown.
$1.95 to $2.50

r
Mi** Amy Corrigan returned home Monday evening after spend-three weeks' vacation at the
i. Matt
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
v

mg h	tl
home of her sister, Mrs
McKell, at Aubrey, Que.
The Late Mr. George Elliott
I
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
A large assemblage of relatives Mis* Ina Murray, nurse in train- and friend* of long standing h »n mg at Homoepathic Hospital, ored the memory of Mr. George Montreal, i* spending her vacation Elliott, Clarendon * grand old with her parent*, Mr. and Mr*, man, at bis funeral on Friday
John Murray, «S.nd B.y,	gggg.
Recent guest* at the home of ^ United Church where service Ml. and Mr*. Clarence Hayes, were WA*conducted by the pastor, Rev.
Mrs. J. Lowrey, *r., Mr*. J. Low r q. Warren Interment was in rey, jr., and the latter * daughter. Union Cemetery, the pal 1-Viola, of Richmond, Que.	bearer* being, Messrs. Angus
mmmgrnS:
mmwmmrn
authorities «t Quebec regarding » Mi*a Amelia Dale, A N., will of bis life in the township special grant for tbie Society.	accompany Mr,. G. Henry ami engaged in farming out his ser
I was unable to accompany the ^fant daughter, Marlee, to New vice* were much in dcmg^yjfcj two above named »^ir^tor8 to York on September 1st. for the carpenter. For more than Quebec about the end of February winter ra0nth*, Miss Dale is a years lie was a member ot th„ and a suitable letter was prepared	t graduate of the Montreal Methodigt Church and after
zïïïTJ ïsTs.n'.£
irate* w© are very pleased to state Mis* Bernice Campbell, Mrs. disposition, a good neigh uoui and
that some time ago the secretary yy E. Baldwin, and the Misse* one whose memory wilt be revered
wan advised that the Honorable Kuth Bardouche and Marguerite by many in this district	. ¦	w
the Minister of Agriculture had looney, have returned to their He is survived by lus wire, wl»l At Campbell** Hav from Friday nigh rmide a special grant of «oOO.OO home, in Green B.y, Wt«„ after former Mary Connelly ; four eons. to Monday nigh of each week, available to this society for mi- spending a vacation with friends Lloyd, oi Clarendon ; Boland, of nrovement tr exhibition building*. ind relatives in Bristol. „	Vampbell* Bay ; George, ot . a I-,
‘«.¦arirr —--------------—
BSSbÜ	—.............
the Directors who successfully Soft ball game Wednesday even- Mr* Peter Lunam, jr* wo»
Sp"“S» *ïïïS».x a. r'A Sto è» asrite.
President, U.P.A S. No. 1 o'clock.	hiliott, Cbm tens.
MONTREAL. IQUE.
PLATEAU 631»
Dg. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West
MONTREAL, QUE.
Boys’HGolf Socks
All Wool, fine quality, one colour only. Special 29 cts.

Girls’ School Dresses
Gocd styles—Dirindl—Flared etc., 6 to 12 years $1.00
Special Grant to CPA 8. No. 1 From the Department of Agriculture, Quebec
BELAI» 3 267
f
D. J. CAMPBELL

Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
New Pullover Sweaters for Grown up Girls
Ten new shades in smart styles, sizes 14 to 20	$1.00
Phone! 1.
He
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Pencils, [Scribblers, Note Books, Ink
Loose Leaf Refills
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospital*
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
union
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
H. K. NEILSON, M.O.
outage
Quebec
Shawville
MEOlCâL ANT# BUILDINO

ONT.
OTTAWA. -
^ • PNOWE, *-79#1
I



;
i leaeiMeyBiEP*
4 I.
###PAGE###2###
Casa Loma
WORTH COMING UP FOR!”
Postal Figures
Point Upward
ARMS USELESS ON WET DAY
What Science
Casa Loma ia one of the greatest attractions in Ontario, hundreds of people visit it daily, and take an hour's tour through the vast le, including the tunnel stables. There are many interesting and valuable exhibits, one of the most recent being one of the most valuable collection of butterflies in the world. The colors of these are amazing and it is worth while for any student to see. There is no charge to see these exhibits. The castle itself has many of the features of Kuropean castles, and everv ** Ini* rnd child should study its architecture and enjoy its beauty. The ensile is operated by the K i wan is Club of Toronto, and the proceeds are used to assist sick, and erinpled children. Tourists from all over the world come to this castle.
»
IS
Figures For June Show Continued Increase
Foi Inti — fleveuf — fitshneu —
economy —Dixie Plug hss every, thing I Cut it ** you went it, ¦ ¦¦Mâle, long or short.
and
Rheumatic Pains Relieved by Kruschen
Here is a noteworthy instance of the manner in which damp weather can affect the joints of one who is subject to rheumatic pains.
“I had been suffering from rheumatism very badly," a man writes, “and had such pains in my Joints that I could hardly bear it, in a wet day especially. It pained me terribly to use my arms, and I was hardly able to work. I tried two different remedies, but I was ¦till as bad after the treatment.
"Then I was told to try Krus-ehen Salts, which quickly brought telief. So of course I have kept -an with it, and I am now much better and have never felt so At fox years. I used to feol so ble and sluggish, but now leasure to be able to work
D
Doing
V
#
m
Post Office revenues. Index of Canadian business conditions, again point upward. Figures for June show that the increase reported in May is continued, according to a statement released lately by the Hon. N. A. McLarty, K.C., M F., the Postmaster General.
Postage sales for June showed a total of $3.317,783 16 an Increase of $130,338.04. or nearly six percent, over June, 1988.
Money Orders, Postal Notes UP Other cheering signs of improvement are also noticed. An increase of 1461,192.28 or nearly five per seat, is revealed In the statement of postage sales for the first quh 1er of the present fiscal year. Postal note business Is also higher, and In June money orders paid were up by 1.7 per cent, and postal note* paM by 3 6 per cent, as well.
coarse or

NEW DIPHTHERIA ANTITOXIN
Development in England of • new, highly purified diphtheria antitoxin, said to be more rapidly and completely absorbed from subcutaneous tissues than the American product, is described in a recent issue of The Journal of the erican Medical Association. i new antitoxin is the result of the development by the Wellcome Laboratories, England, of a method for large scale purification based on the fractional action of enzymes (ferments). The possibility that such enzyme purification may be generally applicable to antiserums demands prompt investigation, the Journal declares editorially.
PLUG SMOKING TOBACCO
£
New Hats Are Of Three Periods
smuts, including covered smut of wheat and also the root-rots. Considering that it is inexpeeive and easy to apply, there seems little reason for nrglectin gthis added protection.
This mcrcuriJUBMMHimj may be applied days or even weeks ahead of seeding time and aids rather than injures germination. This treatment is the result of long experimentation and has been submitted to the most critical field tests. Today it stands far abend of all other seed treatments.
Swimming
With Eyes Open

11
The pains and stiffness of rheumatism are often caused by uric add crystals in the muscles and joints. The numerous salts in Eruschen assist in stimulating the internal organs to healthy, regular activity, and help them to eliminate excess uric acid.
Bustle Age, Charlotte Corday’a Bonnet — Postilion
dust treatment
The tiC-vt ity of tho season, at
Z
Cannes are mono-goggles, which provides young and old with no end of fun. They are heavy lenses set in a deep rubber casing and s» cured to the head hy a strap Equipped with them, the swlminor can become a deep-sea diver, swimming under water with eyes open spying on the life of the creatures at the bottom of the sea. They are by fishermen who use a slim
At the end of a long sartorial drought, the now fall hats are now flooding the town. Even If you adore silly ones you’ll scarcely resent these, they’re so becoming, not to say flattering. Generaly speaking, they fall Into three periods amusing 18S0 typo to set off your bustle; Charlotte Cordny’s revolutionary — in more ways than one —bonnet, and the charming little , postilion with a jockey brim guaranteed to do something for you.
Must Let Hair Grow Again But if you’re now cool and com-
th a very
Throwing tacks on a highway le Again at the law in 29 states of the American Union.
DEBUT OF AN ALLOY
A new metal alloy that contains only 7 per cent, iron but is claimed to be stronger than any known ateel was reported by the Westinghouse research laboratories at East Pittsburgh, Pa. The new allow is composed of nickel, cobalt, chromium, titanium, iron manganese, aluminum, silicon and carbon, and Is tentatively known as K-42-B.
Comedian Jack Benny At Banff
the
I
Vf'
a


The government cotton
and weaving plant in the
to be enlarged.
spin-
X
worn
metal gun to shoot their qnurry
nmggl^g
Philippines is


6
;S

GERM CULTURE
Success for the first time in the growing of disease-producing bacteria of the family of hemolytic streptococci on a medium containing only pure chemical compounds, a step expected to be very helpful in the study of the nature of these enemies of man, is reported in a recent issue of Science by Drs. Brian L. Hutchings and D. W. Woolley of the University of Wis-Until now these bacteria
*#


fortable and sensible short summer hair-do, It's high time to start letting it grow. The new hats are all at their best with curls or a thick knot Duchess of Windsor's at the nape of the neck. As a rule, they call for hair drawn off the ears, generally with little curls or rolls tucked away under the hat. The rharlotte Corday bonnet am outfits
bunches of curls on the forehead — and if you don't want to have to resort to* false hair revivals, you'd better start growing something for the barber to play with.
ô
m


%
*

like the

&
f

1
\

V

z.
r
«


%
#
the crinoline call out for cute little
m
co ns m
have been grown only in complex media containing tissue extracts the constituents of which were not
*
%
t
r % x x v
V x i k
' \ t X X to

#
fully known
' \
$ w*
A

AGE OF ROCKS RECALCULATED
The geological strata of the surface of the earth are only about half as old as was formerly believed. This change has been made as the result of recalculation of the age of rocks based on a re-examination of their content of radioactive material by newer methods and a new check-up on standards made at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology by a group of scientists earth remains about the same, 2,-
000.000,000 years, but the relatively recently laid down strata, post Devonian, which was supposed to have been formed about 210,000,000 years ago proves to be much younger, about 130,000,000 years.
t

4
FARM COLUMN
V

AVE on tire get more miles, more safety from Firestone Tires—they do not cost one cent more than ordinary tires.
If you want low priced tires ask for the Firestone Sentinel or Standard Tires them you low-cost dependable mileage.
S
I
\

FIGHTING FOES OF FALL WHEAT
The protection of seed wheat from its invisible enemies, the spores of smut and the root rot organisms that lie concealed on or in the surface layer of the seed, is of the reasonable precautions farmer should take against
u
I
of
Oniv Chief Jacob Two-Young-Man is impressed with the the situation when he’s photographed with comedian Jack Benny, LtM, and Murray Adaskin, of Toronto, RIGHT, on the golf course at the
seriousness
V ,•<
Firestone — with
VA v\ \ \
\
one
Y\
d
Banff Springs hotel
every
possible failure with his fall wheat
W. A. McKenzie, soils
The total age of the

* A
Well-Considered
crop, says chemist, Chatham, Ont.
Everyone is acquainted with In the summer it becomes
Be sure to compere the sensational new Firestone Champion
O
V
\ X X s < >NN N N V
new hind
At the age of ninety a man is still likely to be rather rash given to hasty, immature judgments. Ask such a fellow how he has happened to live so long, and he will tell you is it due to his habit of early rising. But at the age of 104 a man’s judgment is ripe and full. And so we hail the sound words of Dr. William E. Thompson of Bethel, Ohio, who is beginning him 105th year his longevity? haven’t died," says Dr. Thompson.
of tire—the only
smut
visible, and the damage it does can to some extent be estimated. But few people seem to realize, as yet,
the serious annual toll taken by
These
one
built with the new Safety-Loch Cords, Gear-Grip Tread and 2 Extra Gum-Dipped cord plies under the tread.
Have You Heard
'THE HEW^
Tire stone CHAMPION
<7lu.	SêtiicMoH
Jûj itu
r
the root-rot work underground, reducing the stand and sapping the vitality of much of the grain which does survive. Even on farms where this has not yet become séri-
er ga n ism F
Available with black or white sidewalls, these smart,
Champion Tires give your an entirely new Have the
Asking Too Much
••Those new people across the read seem very devoted," said Mrs. Jones wistfully to the newspaper which hid her husband.
A rustle of the sheet was all the reply she got, but she was used to that.
How Can I ?
appearance nearest Firestone Dealer put them on your car
menace
ous it is good business to use preventive measures.
Ethyl Mercury Phosphate
It is fortunate that modern methods of control for both smut and root-rot have been so improved as to be very highly effective. The potent substance, ethyl mercury phosphate, now on the market, controls most of the grain
BY ANNE ASHI.EY
The reason for It's because I
• Sentinel 30 x 3 % Other sizes and types at proportionately low prices.
mow
Q.—How can I remedy perspiring feet?
A.—One of the best remedies is to powder the stockings with one part of chlorinated lime, one part prepared chalk, and one part of powdered starch. Also bathe the feet daliy in cold water.
Q,—How can I remove screws that are obstinate or rusty?
A.—Apply a heated poker to the heads of the screws. When the screws have become hot, they can be removed very easily.
Q.—How can I clean soiled eggs?
A.—Soiled eggs can be cleaned by washing them in a solution of baking soda and water.
Q.—How can I thicken fruit or terry pies, other than by the use of cornstarch or flour?
A.—Try using a scant tablespoonful of quick-cooking tapioca. This not only adds flavor to the pie, but absorbs the excess juice.
Q.—How can I remove mildew from white clothes?
A.—Rub the clothes with the juice of a raw tomato, sprinkle with salt, and lay in the sun to dry. Repeat several times if necessary.
The new crinoline fashion, sponsored by the Queen, has captured English women.

“Every time he goes out he kisses her, and goes on throwing kisses all down the road. Edward, why don’t you do that?"
“Me


LES PER DOL
snorted the man behind *1 don’t know her!"
V»
Modern
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
the news
o
In The Fashion A collier's wife, wishing to appear in the fashion during a holiday by the sea, decided to buy something up-to-date.
She entered a local shop, and the young assistant who served her was astounded at the following request waant a nighty wi' legs on.”
—O—
Chairman (addressing county council meeting) : “Gentlemen, wc have had the trouble and expense of sending our lunatics to Dotty-field Asylum for a long time past. I am pleased to tell you that we have now built an asylum for ourselves."
Classified...
Advertising..
ONTARIO
AG KBITS WANTED
RURAL MAN WiraCABH^SgU;
LAKE SHORE PROPERTY FOR sale on Skeleton Lake, good Hind beach, good rond to beach. Char-lea Stroud. Aspdin. Ont. _
1.	—Is it permissible for one's calling cards to have any kind of decorations on them?
2.	—Whm a man is dining with a woman, should he give his own or the woman's order to the waiter first?
3.	—When is a guest privileged to leave a wedding reception?
4.	—Should the dessert spoon and fork be placed on the table with the rest of the implements that are necessary for a meal?
6.—Isn’t it very poor taste to wear “dressy" clothes when travelling?
6.—Shouldn’t a boy of sixteen rise when an elderly person enters the room?
1.—No. The cards should be plain white, of good quality, engraved in black, and without decorations of any kind should consult his companion and give her order first, followed by his own. 3.—One may leave any time desired after speaking to the
bride and bridegroom
they are brought in on the dessert plate after the other dishes are removed from the table. 5.—Yes; it is entirely out of place and immediately stamps one as not knowing wKat is proper. 6.—Yes; a well-trained youth will do so.
oil among _ _
Truckers. Splendid opportunity. Write British Lu bo I Company, 671 Bay Street, Toronto.____________
SHOTTING
AItTllLEÜ : OK SALE______
QUILTING BATCHES, FINEST Assortment five pounds for one dollar, postage paid. E. Tullun Ltd., 480 Adelaide Street Went, Toronto.
------AHTICl'g wanted
OLD BOOKS. PAINTINGS, PRINTS, Glass. China, Silver, Antiques, and Furniture. Absolutely best prices. Write description or call 8. Wen-roth 68 King Street, East, Toron-
BICYCLES AND MOTORCYCLES
WITHOUT CHARGE ELIZABETH Kent will shop for you In Toronto scores. Send for description of tree Service. 46 Richmond St. W., Toronto.
44 Aa
FREE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE. New rebuilt Bicycles, $10 up. Used Motorcycles. Dukes, 625 Queen St. West. Toronto.
Till EH AND H «CYCLES I Oil HALE
>! AI It DRESSING SCHOOL
12 UP, GUARANTEED USED TIRES; Bicycles, $10 up. Write for bargain price list. Toronto Tire, 195 Du ml as West, Toronto.
GIRLS WANTED TO LEARN Beauty Cluture, taught In a school chartered by the Dominion Government, branches from coast to coast, hundreds of successful grad-nates. We prepare you for provincial and state board examinations, rates reasonable. Call or write to Dept. A, Canadian Largest school, Big Marvel. 358 Bloor Stieet, W„ Toronto.
to
USED I'L ItIVITCItE FOII HALE
HAH Y CHICKS
GOOD USED FURNITURE: 8 I'lECE Dining Suits 115.00; Chesterfield Suites $20.00; Chesterfield Bed Suite $39.60; Studio Couches $10.00 9-piece Dining Suites, like new, $49.50; Breakfast Suites $20.00, Hundreds of other articles. Write us for your requirements. Terms arranged if necessary. McKenna Furniture Co., Limited. 626 Bay Street. Toronto
MISS THESE STARTED
DON’T
Chick Bargains. Ten day old Barred Rock*, New Hampshire Red. White Rocks $9.45. Cockerels $8.76 90% pullets $12.46. Two week old add lc, three week old add 6c, four week old add 10c. Big Egg Quality add lc. Prompt delivery. Write for prices on older pullets. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery, Limited, Baden, Ontario.
Reminder
“Nothing is more important than breathing deeply." Continuously breathing matters also.
COLORED AND MOUNTED
ENLARGEMENT IN PORTRAIT easel mount. Free with each order. Films developed, printed 25c. Reprints 10 for 25c. Our never fade process and one day service assures you satisfaction. Best Photo Service, Adelaide tit. Station. Toronto.
Geraniums picked in New Zeeland were delivered in London by airmail in 15 days.
o—
2— He
Critic At The Hearth
As a schoolgirl, Mrs. Peter Carnal et was more helpful than most daughters who criticise their parents.
WANTED
CHICK BUYERS l»OK AT THESE
Ten day old Barred
SHETLAND COLLIE DOG, OR ENG-
ï age, Must be
Rock. New Hampshire Reds $8.95, 90% pullets $11.95, cockerels $8.60. Two week old add lc, 3 week old add 5c, four week old add 10c. Large Egg Quality add lc. Prompt delivery. Also older pullets. Top Notch Chtckeries, Guelph, Ontario.
llsh or Scotch Collie weight and markings, thoroughbred. L A Talbot til., tit. Thomas. Ontirl

TIRED FEET
189
Jonei
4.—No;
EDI CATION A L
Her father, P. G. Wcdehouse, ycd to try out his jokes on her. If she said "Not funny," thought aga n.
One of his earlier books had a dedication acknowledging her as
It ran like this: "To my


ENROLL NOW FOR YOUR FALL course of study. Ask us about our Practical Advertising course. Complete your Matriculation “The CCC .Way." Canadian Correspondence College, 501 Ryrie Bldg. Toronto. Ont. Established 1902.
he

TIRES

PULLETS. 8.C. WHITE LEGHORNS and B. P. Rocks, ready to lay, at $1.25 each. Dan McKinnon, Brussels, Ont., n.R. No. 8.
siatance	MMUjjipWBMI
daughter Leonora, without whose
constant aid and encouragement this book would have been written in half the time."
ni
Standard Make Fully Guaranteed Write for Special Price#
MAYALL’S TIRE SERVICE
NEW FI It MTU It R FOR SALE
STARTED CHICK BARGAINS. TEN day old Barred Rock, White Rock, New Hampshire Reds $9.95, 90% Pullets $12.95. Cockerels $8.76. Two week old odd one cent to ten day old prices, three week old add five cents. Extra Profit Grade the big over-size chick*, the kind that weight two pounds per hundred more when h *• bed niM t ne <*ent. Promt»! deli' • ry anvwhere. Also fre* r 'r *c older pullets nil ares. Twiddle Chick Hatcheries, Limited. Fergus, Ont
m
i
SAVE 20% OR MORE ON NEW Furniture. Our large five-floor warehouse Is stocked with complete home furnishings. By selling direct from our WAREHÜUKE we save an average of 20% and pass this big saving on to you. Terms arranged. Freight prepaid Write us to-day. Valuable prem-lumi given for sending customers to us. McKenna Furniture Co., lino led, 626 Bay Street, Toronto.
Yu6,Kit

For Many People A Motoring Correspondent •ays life without cars would be dull and uninteresting a» pedestrians point out, there would be more of It.
mi
LlNiMtNÎ
TORONTO When writing, please state »!*•.
6 ELM ST.

Shipped CO D
t
But,
’39
issue No. 33
Ifer
###PAGE###3###
0

Forests Stripped Sometime Ago
So brisk was the business of cutting the trees and shipping the wood to China and other distant parts of the world that the forests were denuded of them long agOh with the exception of a scatters* few stately reminders of the time when they were the supr source of wealth to adventuresome traders.
Thousands of Seedlings Plants* In the recent reforesting of the Hawaiian Islands thousands of dal wood seedlings have been pleat ed and are flourishing. This pr» gram Of restoring the valuable tlw ber will be continued until ‘he trees are me numerous as they west before their extermination bogey more than 100 years ago, Charly 6. Judd, of Honolulu, territorial W ester, said reeently.
Reforestation
In Hawaii
learned of this, invited Alice to tea and said: “I hear you do a wonderful impersonation of me. Plaaae do it for me.” Mrs. Long-worth wanted to oblige, but could not muster enough courage—because the impersonation is such a bitter one. And so she compromised. She gave Eleanor an impersonation of Mrs. Coolidge.-— Leonard Lyons in New York Poet.
Indian Prince Stops To Dance
VOICE
of the
PRESS
Sandalwood Trees To Grow Once More In The Hawaiien
Isles
Sandalwood trees, whose burning wood has perfumed wlUi In cenae the far-flung temples of the Orient since time Immemorial, are on their way to becoming again a commercial product of the Hawaiian Islands. It was the glamorous lure of fortunes to be made la the sandalwood trade of the tropical islands of the Pacific that brought many Yankee clipper ships to the shores of those romantic archipel ago# In the early part of the last century.


EXILED MONEY There are millions upon millions ef hidden Alberta money—hidden In banks outside Alberta. If that money were brought back and put to work, many of Alberta’s present troubles would disappear. But the credit house threat against the banks will merely result In keeping: that money out of Alberta—in aha/t*r sd banks elsewhere. — I^ttibridge Herald.

MODERN WAY
Many a family eat* three time# a day in the breakfast nook—un-there is company. — Quebec Chronicle-Tele graph.
m
*


m
1

mu
m
tr
*
1
M
v


USE OF THE DICTIONARY
In the course of study in English for Grades IX, X, and XI in Ontario schools, juert issued, particular stress will be placed on the proper use of a dictionary. Teachers are instructed to interest their pupils in the Uudy of words, so that the boys and girL. will keep g dictionary handy while reading in order to find the proper spelling, pronunciation and meaning of every new term they run across in their books.
Awaken a proper interest in a boy or girl as to the use of a dictionary, and that interest seldom wanes. The study of a lexicon is not only useful, but to many people it is fascinating. It is not something that can be completed in a few months or even a few years. There are few, if any, mortals who know, offhand, the exact meaning of every word in the English language. There le always something new to learn.
The present instructions are good, but they are an admission of a laxity in this regard in the past. No boy T girl can become a real scholar without intensive and intelligent use of a dictionary.—Windsor Daily Star. •

N


V



. ^ T' % '

M
TALKING BIRD
IMPERSONATION Alloe Roosevelt Longworth testai ns her friends at private pari by doing an impersonation of sen or Roosevelt. Mrs. Roosevelt
mm
• $
Æ
Answer le Préviens Pnssle 23 Penalnlçg
a septum.
25	To be indebted.
26	Sooner
27	Dirty d
30	Emblems o* royalty.
31	Unity.
32	Respiratory . sounds.
property.
38 It bas a * d a hooks#
HORIZONTAL
l Pictured talking bird 6 It belongs, to the genus
13 Surface .measurement
Hid.
16	Pertaining to wings.
17	Lukewarm.
19	Application.
20	Roomy.
21	Not any.
29 Dined.
23	Roosted.	¦¦¦
24	It is a brightly 50 « live* In the 6 Minister.'
ür
me
%#

1
iicim ^irjy.E'sieiaiiejiia:»; ji
¦KBS ISKHtiB ISOIae
ul:)ll Mil yiefl HEiStii* HMeMSH IS MIIMBHIW
[¦w iSisiM Bmei tin
müriitiiio tiisii
s yiflti [»::•][?! lean m
flMWfl ItifJ'îllIW IBliGFS
fflfllilWIS lltiwl Ü SB HMK'BI etilti
t
Faith In Action, 25 29
Christ's faith waa not a mood or a pose. It was a basis for action. He healed the aick boy. Emotion waa never an end in itself with dhr*t. It was a spur to redemptive action. The disciples asked wby they could not heal the boy and Christ told them that they lacked prayer and discipline. Christ had won his power to heal through faith, prayer and discipline. The Golden Text states, “All things are possible to him that be-lleveth.” Is this the. secret of our weakness? Is it the explanation of the relative impotence of the Christian Church? Is apostolic power waiting for us as soon as we attain apostolic faith? “Wherever poverty, seikness. or any outward circumstance makes life hard social religion has its chance. It ia social religion that founds hospitals, support# schools, fathers and cares for orphans, fights alcohol, demolishes slums, stands for economic justice for the oppressed, cultivates world friendship, seeks to supply a healthful social environment for all the brotherhood of man.”
tbaA
isortkr
i
.

EDISON
4 siaiHiiiMiMiirsro

an

bill.
bird.
39 Sandpiper.
41	One that raoetf
42	Street. ^
44	Numbered cubes.
45	Rail (bird)»
48 Malignant
spirit.
#9 Mouth part
51	Cooking utensil.
52	Fish.
53	Mountain.
55 Doctor of
science.

7	To gibe.
8	Neuter pronoun.
9	Beret

27 Stomach. 53 it is a fine 26 Rhode Island.
29 Haughtier. 54 Co
33	Velvet-black 56 Machine parts, mineral.
34	Rigid.
35	Bustle. WÊÊ^M
37	Becomes old.	VERTICAL
38	Head blow.
40 Battles.
43	Musical note.	center.
44	Gowns.
46	Preposition. 4 Rainfall.
47	Easter flowers 5 Note in scale.


¦rt*'

- (Pi), rroded.
I


a 1
10	High mountain.
11	Wolframite.
12	Fury.
1	Butter lump. 15 Consisting of
2	Amphitheater two.
18 Ten years.
3	To pot again. 20 Final
67 Those who skate.
WOMEN IN OVERALLS.
The fad of women wearing overalls is much too sensible to laet long.—Brandon Sun.
»
statements of account.
Seen here with his sister, the Princess of Barim, as he paused for the photographer in the middle of a dance, is the 30-year-old maharajah of Tripura, wealthy Indian potentate, who was visiting a Toronto night club during a world tour. After watching some “jitterbugs” in action, the maharajah joined the dance and displayed more than passing knowledge of the fox trot and rhumba. The Indian prince rules millions ¦ I subjects.
I
The diminutive chain of habit is scarcely heavy enough to be felt, till it is too strong to be broken.—Dr. Johnson.
of
Prayer Becomes Real When Soul's Desire Expressed. 20-22.
Real prayer often begins through trouble. One very experienced observer of religious life states that in the majority of cases prayer is learned through trouble. Often we pray much more earnestly facing some acute issue affecting ourselves than we do for others in sorrow or difficulty. A very great scholar prayed all night for his boy whose life was hanging in the balance-after an operation in a hospital. His prayer was born out of love to his boy and need of help rather than from a reasoned faith in prayer. The father of the epileptic boy told Jesus about the suffering of his lad and then with an outburst of tears said: “If Thou canst do anything, have compassion on us, and help us.” Prayer becomes real when it expresses the soul's sincere desire. Prayer that is an art form, or rhetoric or scripture quotation may be beautiful, but effectual prayer is a matter of sincere and earnest desire. Our real prayer is what in our heart of hearts we are constantly desiring. This is what is controlling our action more than the words we say when we say our prayers. Answers to prayer become possible when we free ourselves of self-deception, the attempt to deceive others, or to deceive God.
Belief, 23-24
Christ asked for belief. He told the father of the sick boy that all things are possible to those who believe. Doubt paralyzes. Unbelief breaks the contact between the soul and God. One man who has reached great assurance of faith says that results follow with almost mathematical precision according to his faith. This father burst into tears and ejaculated: “Lord, I believe; help thou mine unbelief.”
live of the faith of many religious people. They believe so far, and doubt beyond a given point. They believe at certain times and at other times are torn by grievous doubts. The secret of Christ's healing power was his unlimited faith in God.

%
Sunday
School
Lesson
NOTES
j
RADIO


v *

%

NEWS
AND
B81
f
By MADGE ARCHER

i
broadcasts. CBL, 1:30 p.m. Mondays to Saturdays . . . August 18th at 9:00 p m., CBL, Weekly Song Sheet . . . 10:30 p.m. CBL Clement Williams .... and on August 19th 4 p.m. NBC CBL Club Matinee . . .
9:00 p.m. CBS Your Hit Parade ... 10:16 p.m. CBS CFRB The West Remembers . . .August 20, 12:30 pm. CBS CFRB Salt Lake City Tabernacle Choir ... 3 p.m . . 6 p.m. CBS CFRB Gay Nineties . 8 pm. NBC CBL Chase and Sanborn Hour ... and on the 21st of August, 8 p.m. CBS CFRB Tune Up Time (new) .... 9:30 p.m., CBS CFRB Guy Lombardo Oorcheatra . . . Aug. 22, 8:30 p.m. MBS CBL Information Please . . . and at hour of 9:30 p.m. CFRB Treasure Trail . . . August 23 ... 9:00 p.m. CBL Songs of the World . . .9:30 p.m. CBL Percy Faith's Music . . . August 24, 8:30 p.m. CBL CFRB Serenade for the Strings ... 10 p.m. CBL CFRB Columbia Workshop.
FALL FORECAST Here are a few notes on the coming Fall season: Tune Up Time will return to the CBS network with Andre Kostelanetz on Monday, Aug. 21st, and will be heard at 8 p.m. . .
. . Professor Quiz will begin a new program under commercial sponsorship over CBS on Friday, Sept. 8th .. . Beginning September 10th, the Orsen Welles program will emanate from Hollywood in the CBS spot opposite Charlie McCarthy . .
. . CBS will add another five times weekly serial to its network when "Donna Curtis” debuts at 11:16 a.in. on Monday, September 11 . . . Walter O'Keefe has been signed to handle the Tuesday Night Party replacing Dick Powell when that program resumes Its broadcasts on September 19th . . . Sept. 24th. Burns and Allen will be heard on Wednesday nights, at 7:30 p.m. over CBS starting October 4th.
FIGHT BROADCASTS
What is claimed as the most ex tensive series of fight broadcasts ever undertaken has been arranged by the National Broadcasting Co., and Mike Jacobs, promoter of the Twentieth Century Sporting Club. The series starting this month will be presented over the coast to coast NBC Blue network. NBC Blue. Incidentally, attained the “highest listener” rating ever reached by a single network with Its broadcast of the title fight between Joe Louis and Tony Galento.
The entire Fall-Winter series of Madison Square Garden fights, and the championship bouts in every division will be covered in the series which will be Inaugurated with the Henry Armstrong • Lou Ambers lightweight title contest at Yankee Stadium. New York, on Tuesday, August 22nd. At least sixteen major encounters will be broadcast from the Garden, beginning with the middleweight contest between Fred Apostoll and Ceferina Garcia on September 12th.
Sam Taub and Bill Stern will be In charge of the broadcasts and will handle the ringside assignments.. Taub will do the blow-by-blow descriptions while Stern will comment between the rounds.
Among the outstanding contests to be broadcast will be e return match between the world's heavyweight champion, Joe Louis, and Bob Pastor, who went the full limit with Louis In their last meeting. The series is also expected to include a heavyweight bout between Tony Galento and Lou Nova, who recently beat former champion Max Baer. Complete ’etalls will be announced in the near future when the schedule is completed.
TO BE HEARD
Farm broadcasts, (	3,	1:05
p.m. Mondays to Fridays; Farm
45
PRAYER, FAITH AND SINCERITY OF THE HEART
Mark 9:14-29 Golden Text:	All things
possible to him that believeth.” Mark 9:23.


* #
Lesson Passage: Mark 9:14-29.
Run the straight race through God's good grace;
Lift up thine eyes, and seek His face.
Life with its path before us lies, Christ is the way, and Christ the prize.
• »
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
'///

/A

Vl

/«

—John S. B. Monsell.
Some Rules of Christ's Teachiag
14-16
Much of our conversation is in the form of questions and answers. Questions call forth answers. We may be either surprised that we know the answer or humiliated when we discover that we do not have the answer. The scribes questioned the disciples, but they did not have the answer. When Christ came down from the Mount of Transfiguration he asked the scribes why they were questioning the disciples. He was ready to give the answer the disciples could not give. All through his public ministry we see his unique power to satisfy seekers and give them bigger views of truth, duty and God. One of the basic rules of good teaching is always to try to give a satisfactory answer to a question, if not immediately, as soon M possible. Christian people who have had experience in dealing with religious difficulties should be prepared to answer honestly and effectively the questions that arise.
Christ did not regard his power as a monopoly. He sought to teach hie disciples to do what he did. He even predicted that they would do greater works than Tiimself. After the Day of Pentecost this predicts nwas fulfilled, but at the time of this incident the disciples had not learned the secret. The question is frequently asked. Why have we not Christ's healing power? It is beside the mark to answer that the medical profession carries on the work of the Great Physician. Christ gave a demonstration of the power of mind over body which his followers ought to bo able to exercise in a greater degree than they now do. Progress Is being made through a study of the laws of the mind, the pbwer of faith, reaction to suggestion and the working of the human will. Right living, obedience to the will of God, earnest faith may be used to the benefit of our own health and in aid to sick people.

%

%


/f/

wm i
$
.0
> »

V


Ifj
2
as
MU

a

&
%



His words are descrip.

k
W. 9- ,2eVr
(Oop,r*m. IMS. ky
I
It'll only haunt you if yea don't pay your rant."
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—In the Bag
&
i
QUID! ,
GIG WTO CLOCK V. AT YOOR	It
WOOSE-
VILL YE DING—Wl' ME
TO- MORROW
fr3 NICWT, SANDY?
‘

i
A-WILL!
AYE!
9
I
I
vz
«
y

9
I
t

. e
/A
fi
L
%

N
It?
n
. *
%
i
z
/
ui
y
3
z
l
?

5-12
(Copyright. 1)3#. hy Thu Crll Sym#h ale. Ur
###PAGE###4###

paid—Carried
Motion by A O Kades-Woodley, that water service to anyone to arrears over months be discontinued forthwith
until settled—Carried
Motion by Crs. Cotie K P. hides
that the Secretary Treasurer be authorised to borrow from the Bank of Montreal a sum not exceeding $ 1,000.00 for current construction, repairs, etc., to be repaid not later than December 31st,
1039—Carried.	.	.	.
Motion by Crs Woodley-Cot te, that | Wednesday, August 83rd, 1039, be declared aeivic holiday for the Municipality of Shawville—Carried.
Motion by Crs. A. <>. Hades K. I.
Hides, that the undertaking of the
o be fulfilled N
for the
THE EQUITY
HODGINS
GARAGE
Here They Are, Our First
Shur-Cain Feeds
six
\
SHAWV1LLE, AUG. 24. 1939
2^000 To Be Spent On <Queneo Roads
*4
\t a total cost of *4,225,000 the Que
will cum
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
X
Vvc government this summer l>lete the paving of about 900 miles of road and highway in various parts of
Roads Minister Anatole
X
the province Carighsn anoounaed on Friday.
“This program is the most widespread undertaken in the province,” he “It affects all counties and practically all main roads. Our object is elimination of the great mconvom* vnce of dust on abeut 900 miles of our
principal arteries
In addition to the *4,225,000 » con lerable amount of money also will be spent on preparatory work, the minister
said.
X
$2.10
Fattening Mash For chicken* Hog Grower, . . . . Pig Starter, ....
ever
Mild.
Council some years a g supplying water and Shawvllle cemetery.—Carried.
The following tenders re painting r ire
Hall were considered :
H. Beckett, as per specifications,
luminex on hose tower extra •	00
Smith Bros , as per specifications 76 23 W. K. Beckett, as per specifications and hose tower extra 83 00 M. J. Kehoe, as per specifications CO 00
Tender of H. Beckett including extras
accepted on motion of Crs. Cotie and
H. P. Eudes—Carried.
Replacing boards and new roof, and
painting water tank :—
Smith Bros , job complete with
piping
x
190
X
Fence
Requirements
For Your
2.25
1
S
X
X

0
Dominion Government Handieuffed
RECO.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO
•1
Geneva Park, Lake Couch idling, Ont., \ug. 18—The Dominion Government is “handcuffed” in its efforts to deal with national problems by the powers of the provinces, sustained by decisions of the judicial committee of the Privy Council in London, Agnes C. Macphail declared today.
Discussing proposed reforms in the Canadian Parliamentary system to make democracy effective, Miss Macphail, U F O. Labor member of Parliament for Grey Bruce, told the Canadian Institute on Economics and Politics •
“The intentions of the Fathers of Confederation to set up a strong central government are being defeated by judicial decisions in London. The British judges have handed down rulings on the Canadian constitution that tend to set up separate sovereign states in Canada at the expense of the Federal Government."	.
The conflict of authority between the
Dominion and provinces was a major defect in the Canadian system of democracy. if democracy is to work in Canada, we must have power to amend the constitution in any way necessary to make it work. We must have power to reverse the wrong decisions of the Privy Council and strengthen the power of the Federal Government.”
As other defects of the Canadian system, she listed inadequate education of voters, lack of a serious attitude toward politics and the election of Parliaments geographical rather than economic
Try Frost Steele and Wire Company’s Famous Tight Lock Fencing
#300 00
iron roof Smith Bros
20 Different Elements
Used in Making Steel
lete with
job comp composition roof H. Beckett, job complete with
composition r«>of .......
W. R. Beckett, painting only Leslie Dale, iron roof only--
Motion by Crs A. O. Eader Woodley, that tenders of W. U Beckett painting at #83.00 and Leslie Dale, roofing at $117.00 be accepted. —Carried.
Motion by Crs Woodley Cotte, that a cement sidewalk be constructed on the side street along John Caldwell’s property between King and Main Streets — Carried.
Motion by R V. Eadea Woodiey, that sunken and broken sections of cement sidewalk on Main Street be repaired,— Carried
Motion by Crs. Cotie A. O. hades, to adjourn.—Carried.
Correspondence
248 00
170 00 83 00 117 0O
About 20 different elements, ranging alphabetically from aluminum Dear Sir i	j to zirconium, are used today in va-
Some idea of the abundance of fish in rjous combinations and proportions the lakes and streams in Pontiac, I *n the manufacture of both plain Gatineau and Papineau counties a few -arbon and alloy steels, years ago may be realized when it v Some are used because of the spe considered that an average of approx, :lfic properties which they impart mutely ten tons of fish reached this .Q steel when they alloy with it, tha. district weekly from the above counties. 9 dissolve in the iron, or whet This quantity Ins dropped to about hey combine with carbon, who..3 four tons per week. Exch week there _ in parl, to form compounds
is offered for sale on the Hull and .alled carbides, says Steel Facts Ottawa markets approximately two Others are used because of their tons of fish. What is offered on the >er.eflcial effects in ridding the stec. market is surplus after the hotels, mpurities or in rendering im pu rarest tirants, hospitals and religious in- jes harmless. A third group is usee
stitutions have been supplied, and ship- 0 .counteract harmful oxides o:
ments to Montreal and New York made. 4a5es in the steel. The element
this slaughter was q this latter group are mcrelj
luxes or scavengers and do not rein the steel to any great ex
Editor of the Equity
It cost very little more per acre for a good fence that will hold the stock in place while you We have a good assortment at present
slumber.
J. Li. hodoiins
Phone 64 J.
Hxm. and C. Row at
Sec.-Treas
The answer to 1 received this year by the people of tbi above counties who all of a sudden have become tourist minded. The loss t«. this district in sportsmen and tourist trade are filling off in the number ot summer h mes erected is enormous. With our fish and game resources sadly depleted and little effort on behalf of the Government to either restock cur lakes or protect the few fish left, what hope is there to reclaim our sportsmen
and tourist trade ?
The unrestricted sale of illegal fish
on wide

nam ...	p—pg—
eat after the steel solidifies. Some elements fall into more than one of •he aforementioned groups.
Most of the elements are intro 3uced into steel in the form of ferroalloys, alloys of iron and some other element or elements (carbon excepted! made especially for use as material in the manufacture of Ferro-alloys are used be many of the pure metals are costly to obtain, there is no necessity for iron-free metals when they are to be added to steel, and some elements, such as manganese and titanium, are difficult to extract from their ores without the presence of some helpful agent such as iron. The part played by iron in the ferro-alloy, therefore, is primarily that of a vehicle for carrying the desired elements.
U. S. Divorces on Increase As World War Aftermath
Divorces in the United Sta*.« -
a loNNNNNNNNN
aftermath of the World war. ma n lained a high level during the pros perous years following 1922 and. foi some unexplained reason sharp turn upward to unprecedented heights beginning with 1934. sta tisticians of the Metropol ian Life Insurance company have discovered.
They base their conclusions on a study of the divorce trend in New England, the only section of the country for which data covering a tong period are available. In these states, the ratio of divorces in 1937 to the annual average of marriages for the preceding decade was lfif ^er cent greater than the corre spending ratio for 1890.
Many of the post-war divorces Drobably resulted from disillusionnent after hasty marriages with oldiers bound for the front, the statisticians point out, while others vere the result of opportunity presented by prevailing high wages ind war profits, which furnished the '.ecessary funds that would other-vise have been lacking
The increase in divorces occur-ing in the prosperous period after 922 ran true to form, it is ex Rained, because it is well known hat the incidence of divorces usual-y follows the business cycle closely, fhe record rise that started in 1934, lowever, is not so easily explained, a “no data are at present avail-ble which offer an authoritative in-erpretation of this remarkable development.M
The statisticians suggest, howev-r, that many of these recent di-orccs may have been “poor men’s .vorces,” instituted on the grounds f nonsupport and abandonment, in i:s connection it is significant that îe chief statutory cause of the re-er.t rise was “cruelty/* a conver •nt designation for concealing a va ety of actual causes.
DALE’S TINSHOP
as
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
took r
raw steel cause
on
lines
BEATTY PUMPS
and game in this district g*s	.
open, everybody sella it but those pxht to see and stop it. Residents of the above counties hollering for tourist and sportsmen’s business, with nothing but fresh air to offer them when they arrive in their district. If all the tish raised in Quebec hatcheries were planted year Iv in the waters of this district, under present conditions no improvement would be noticed Ontario has planted more fish in the twelve counties nearest to Renfrew this year than Quebec has planted in her province in the past ten years. Where does the remedy for this this deplorable condition lie I This Association have mapped out a program to correct this situation which can only be successfully carried out by public
Prettier Duplessis Speaks at Canadian Bar Association Annual Meeting
Speaking at the opening of the 24th annual meeting of the Canadian Bar Association at Quebec City on Wednesday of last week. Premier Duplessis said, unity of Canada can be achieved by co-operation and collaboration but
never by assimilation.
Joining with Hon. E. L P.ttemxud?,
Lieutenant-Governor of the Province, and Mayor Borne of Quebec in welcoming the assembly of lawyers and judges from all parts of Canada the Premier commented briefly on criticism sometimes directed to certain Quebec legislate pass the laws we think we should pass in this province and this is nobody’s business but ours,” he said. 4,The Province of Quebec is loyal. It is loyal to the Throne and loyal to Canada. But loyalty begins at home and best start by being loyal to ourselves.”
Mr. Duplessis told the visitors not to believe stories that Quebec was filled Nazism, Fascism or Bolshevism. Quebec was the cradle of the white man’s law and the cradle of civilization in North America.
where Parliamentary institutions were most respected and cared for.
“We hear some people, even members of the Canadian Bar Association, now and then talking about unity’ he said. “But unity, if it is going to produce assimilation and legislation union, consider an unbearable modern law
We carry a full range of BEATTY PUMPS for all purposes.
Let us know your requirements and we will be glad to quote you prices, with or without installation.
One Inch of Rainfall
Is a Lot of Water
Rainfall is measured in inches, j know. But exactly what does inch of rain represent? Doesn't sound like much, does it?
Here are some comparative figures: One gallon of water weighs !0 pounds and would cover about two square feet of surface with a layer one inch thick. To cover a mile of the earth’s surface
as we
an
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, HUE.
lion
support.	,	.
If conditions in our local counties are
to be improved and the district inide
attractive to visitors, a decided change of heart must take phice politcuns and oar public. The public will g»l what they ask for, considering that this district supplies the major part of the revenue to the rish and Game Department, hardly one dollar of that money has been spent in this district and what has been spent, has had so many strings attched, it did little good. Quebec has no facilities to raise bass or pickerel and very little equipment to raise speckled trout. What suckled trout are planted in one end ot a lake or stream are netted out at the other* when they are strong enough to
swim that far.	.
The number of merchants engaged m
the commercial sale of fbh and game and the utter disregard of fish and game laws by hotel keepers, butchers and resturant proprietors is unbelievable. Little wonder Ontario gets seventy per of the tourist trade of Canada.
time when local
with our
we can
with a layer of rain one inch thick needs 120,000,000 pounds of water, or 12,000.000 gallons—which is a lot of water.
A good thunderstorm which pelts water down on the earth all night long will result in perhaps a halfinch of rain. If the storm covers a hundred thousand square miles before it wears itself out it will therefore deliver to the earth 600,000,000,000 gallons of water.
Lest this seem a considerable amount let us think of the Khasia hills in India, which is reputed to receive the heaviest rainfall in the world. The average is over 600 inches of rain per year, or 7,000.000 gallons of water per square mile.
ESTABLISHED 1883
It was the place
COACH
INVALID
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Siiestors of Funeral Service
we
Shawville, Que.
Shawville Council
Phone 80
August 7th, 1939
The regular meeting of the Municipal Council to be held at Hynes Hall on the above date was adjourned for lack of
there were present only
cent
There never was a politicians could rise to such heights as to correct present Fish and Came conditions in this district. It will never be done as the cure will certainly not be
a vote catching one.
Ancient Colo vs Described
An ancient book concerning painting which was published approximately 250 years ago, refers in quaint language and spelling to colors used in that day. Among these, the author says of “Spanish Brown, the best is of a deep bright Colour and free from Stones; it grinds well with pains, and is the only colour used in priming all manner of Timber-work, 1. because it is cheap 2. because it drys kindly, yet gives the oyl sufficient time to pierce into the Wood. 3. because it freely receives all other Colours which are laid upon it. This of it self is a perfect horseflesh, colour, and a natural shadow for Vermilion :	being mix! with
white, it gives sundry* varieties, according to the various proportions.”
Madison First President To Always Use Long Pants
James Madison was the first President of the United States who habitually dressed in long trousers while he was Chief Executive. Washington, the elder Adams and Jefferson wore knee breeches during their administrations, says the Rocky Mountain Herald.
Trousers, or long pants, were adopted in France in 1789 by the supporters the revolution. For that reason the revolutionists were as sans culottes, which lit-
a quorum ; i Mayor McDowell and Councillors A. U. Eades and Cotie, who adjourned the meeting to Tuesday, August 8th, at 4 >>.m
Beattie’s Eye Service
Yours very truly,
J. C. McCUAIG,
Hon. Secretary
Fiab & Game Protective Association Laurentian Sportsmens and Tourist Office., 195* Main Sl, Hull, Que.
Harland C. Row at.
Sec.-Treas
August 8th, 1939.
The adjourned meeting of the 7th of August, was held at Hynes Hall on the above date. Present : Mayor McDowell and Councillors Cotie, Woodley, A. O. Eades and R. P. Eades.
The minutes of the Iasi meeting read and approved on motion of A. O. Eades-Woodley.
The following bills were presented to
the council for approval
* R. P. Eades ..........
Est. C. J. Caldwell Labour on sidewalks ..
Marvin Murray........
Mrs H. Craig-----
Building and Jury j General Supply Co ...
H. C. Rowat .........
-Hodgins Lumber Co .
Amos Armitage......
JUoyd Dagg .... .. • •
Bordao Corrigan .....
R W. Hodgins ......
Moved by Cr. Coüa seconded by Cr. R P. Eades, that the foregoing bills be
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see as you should see you will see
Beattie a Eye Service
Scientific Eye Examinations
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular
Eye Defects
An Apology
wvre
Crs.
<nown
crally means “without breeches"; that is, without knee breeches worn by the royalists.
Many, Americans adopted long pants in token of their sympathy with the French revolution. Between 1790 and 1800 trousers graduaUy i came Into vogue among the common people in America, but it was not until 10 or 12 years later that they were substituted for breeches on dress occasions. Although the • duke of Wellington is said to have trousers in England after the
Mr. Asa Laughren,
Shawville, P Qoe.
Dear Sir L I HT JJ
what I did at the Village of Shawvule, during the AsWog of Saturdur*
1 Sth instant, when I did assault you.	Nobleaw’s Club
without any provocation.	Baron Suriani, of New York,
I am very sorry for what I nave ^ y founded the Noblemen's club done. You are hereby authorized to for lhe purpose of establishing the have this letter published in the news authenticity of all titled folk now
¦mi Eqmty, at shawsmMwggmgmmmwmr s mmmm
I wish to apologize for
8	2 50
123 33 103 40 1 70
10	40 12 00
11	37 10 00
12	70
Fund,
living in this country, says ^ the American Magazine. The club now has as members 150 bona fide counts, lakes, princes, barons, marquises ••ho have virtually scared prelend-rs out of existence.
paper
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS
4 00
Yours very truly,
Mosik Havslin
T.T. BEATTIE, Professional Opt
Peninsular campaign. Beau Brum-meil is usually credited with having popularized trousers in that
country.
3 60
at
2 60
60 401
Campbell’s Bay, Que, Aug. 2Wt, 1039
###PAGE###5###
-
NOTICE
Service Announcement
Shaw ville United Church Rev A. F. Fokem B. A., B.D. VAstor
Sunday, August 87
I LOO mm. Service at Shaw ville
Ouest preacher, Rev. James PjtJJop of Morrisburg, Got.
3.00	p.m.—Service at Stark’s Corners
8.00	p.m —Evening Service mt /ton
Tbe evening service at Shawville.is with drawn.
At all church services the Pastor w preach.
To Whom It May Concern-! here-	I	El <^P I	El
by give notice that I will not be re- |||	EW	Ee I	N1 I I	nl	1 ¦
8|K>nsible for any debt contracted io||y	g	Ell	le 1 1	mm
%my name by Stewart L Crawforfci.	^
Mam. Ro*b Crawford, :
Wife of the late Samuel Crawford#
Thorne, Que., August 7, 1939.
The Equity
FLY SPRAYS
¦•isbilelieë mea
rOBLIUHlD «VBRT THVIWUAT At
SHAWVILLK. QUEBEC

All kinds of Fly Sprays for inside and outside

annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
All arrears must be pa lit In full before any paper Is discontinued
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside
firms.
Let us do your :
91.30
use
e •
2.00
• • • • • •
Protect your children by keeping the flies down, and also make more money from your herd by using a dependable
Fly Spray l&B
No Changes in Hog ll' I Grading Regulations
No changes have been made recently
ho far
in Hog Oracling Regulations in as they affect carneau grading of hog*, according to a statement issued by the Dominion Department of Agriculture, is continuing to provide a Hog Grading service bn live as well as on careens grading standards, according to the basis of sale.
The Dominion Department of Agriculture is responsible for the grading of hogs, but the question as to w hether hogs are to be sold on a live or dressed weight bails is not subject to departmental regulations.
ANGLICAN St. Pauls
Sunday, August 27 Mr. A. C. Lawrence in charge
11.00 a.m.—Morning Prayer 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
' r Holy Trinity Service Withdrawn
,# St. Luke’s
2 00 p m.—Evening Prayer

W. O. COWAN. PUBLISHER
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements,
Posters Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
Farm for Sale
1
Well improved Kurin. being W 11 the 4th Range of the Township of Clarendon, containing 60 acres more or less, finir milts south of Shawville For further particulars apply to,
MRS. JAS. P CARSON,
R. R. No. 2,
Shawville, Que.
the corner store
on
1
Estate Mrs. M. G. Howard Main and Centre Its
SHAWVILLE. - QUE.
0

Parish or North Clarkmdon Mr. Hvuh MoRTIMKR, in charge
Pasture Tor The Fall
Phone 22 23
Sunday, August 27	I Here is a suggestion from the Forage I
BBSS 'ElEHîsSë
10th to September 10th, depending on 11 Callander is enjoying a prosperous I district and season, will usually supply For July 23,748 motor cars good feeding for cattle until well on registered at the quintuplets’ nur- t0 ward winter. Early plowing helps in i eery, compared with 20,200 in the preparing the seed bed, and once rye corresponding month of last year,e and has made a firm start, cattle may be 11 the number of visitors increased from turned into the fields, but not sheep 71,172 to 72,208. August is doing even because they nibble to closely. If not better and figures for the early days of pastured too closely, the rye will winter the month were “far in excess of the | we!l f>nc| there will be early pasture
next spring lasting till the end of June. Then it may be ploughed under and the plants make excellent green manure.
I
MID-SUMMER
SPECIALS
season were 1
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
corresponding dates ajrear ago.
Boot & Shoe Department
Honey Bee Was Imported
To America 300 Y ears Ago ! xhe Grading of Wool
The honey bee ts not native to the | Improves the Quality United States, but was introduced here 300 years ago. There was no word for honey bee in the American Indian language, and bees became known to the Indians as the white man’s fly.
Authorities say that honey bees were introduced into New England in 1633, and that they probably were brought from Holland, writes a correspondent to the Chicago Tribune.
These first bees were of the small type, commonly called black bees.
They are. common, but are not so popular among beekeepers as the larger kinds, such as Italian bees.
The fact that wild honey bees have been found in hollow trees and
USED CARS
Clearing lines of all womens’ white sandals oxfords, etc., only odd sizes left, if your size is here, come in for a bargain.
«$$%%%*%%?
1938—Ford V-8, Small Mileage 1938—Plymouth,
1935—Ford Truck, stake body
These are all in good running order and can be bought on easy terms over a period of 18 months. Horses and cattle taken in exchange.
Call and look them over.
Fora period of 25 years the Dominion Department of Agriculture has as simted in the improvement of Canadian Wool through its wool grading policy. This service is applied to wool clips from ranchers and farmers alike who _ | désirions of having their wool grad ed and mold on the basis of the official
grade. Each year approximately 4,000,000 pounds of Canadian wool signed for grading at the warehouse of j the Canadian .'Cooperative Wool Grow I ers Ltd., Weston, Ont., wbo.are affiliated with Wool Growers Associations Canada and owned and operated
U
i
School Girls’ Special
Growing Girls’ brown suede and brown leather
combination oxfords, the very latest for
School Girls ; Also black suede and black
$1.98
are
is con
leather combinations
across
by producers.-	£
During the 25 year period tfwre'has
mm mm
Beekeepers refer to the different wilh' tbe Canadian mills so that pur-kinds of honey bees as races rather (.haaeg of grade or gmfje8 of wool can than breeds or varieties. There are ^ Degotiated any week of the year, many races and they are divided u ad(jition filing agents have been roughly into three groups the East- e8tab|iabed at Boston. U.SA.. and Lon-ern. the European and the African. d^ EnK,and _ and 8ample sacks and
bales, representative of tbeir respective grades, are available for inspection at any time. Thus Canadian wool has come to be well known on these markets and extensive sales are made annually to British as well as foreign buyers.
G. A. Howard & Son
The Lady Princess
Special string oxfords for -growing girls, light tan ruat with removable front...............
Ford Dealers
or
Quebec
Shawiville,
$1.98
Dr. Click’s Special
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
eee $2.50
Worn with a smile. In 3 widths e—
EE
The Monte Carlo
Black Suede Oou Sandal, tbe shoe with an
reputation ......................
international
.....	$2.75
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
Italy-ta-Jugoslavia
Citizens of Ancona, on the east coast of Italy, face another bit of Italian soil just across the Adriatic the west coast of Jugoslavia. Called Zara, this seaport, with its environs, was ceded to Italy by Jugoslavia in the treaty of Rapallo in 1920. Once the capital of Dalmatia, the Zara area comprises 42 square miles of territory and includes some 19,000 people. Its Italian population and historic association were arguments for its assignment to Italy. Protected by a group of small islands which almost surround the promontory on which it lies, Zara is strategically located as a potential base for naval opera-The technical geographic name for such a region is "enclave,” which means an area enclosed by alien territory.
Men’s Black Oxfords
Special for Ordinary Wear.....
Phone, 278
$2.25
on
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
Roy 6. Fraser
The' Beaverbrook Shoe
man who wants a
......... $2.95
Gifts, Novelties
Flowers,
A good sturdy oxford for any medium priced shoe..............
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886
Phone 160
The Marlborough Oxford
MacLean’s
Tie favorite shoe for men, $4.00, $4.75, $5.25
Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our business. We in-
lions
RED 6 WHITE STORE
On
vite your patronage orders of $1.00 or over, phone
On orders of
GROCERY DEPARTMENT
I
253
Pork & Beans. 20 ounce cans. 3 for
Boiled Dinner, can 20c
us
$5.00 or over phene us collect
tf
K
“The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
Rat-Proof Houses
Rat-proof houses are built in the island of Formosa, where these destructive rodents are a fearsome pest. To a stranger, a native hut at the first glance presents the appearance of being built upon four enormous mushrooms. In reality, the structure is lodged upon four posts, each of which is surmounted by an umbrella-shaped wooden shield. The rats can’t get past that.
The houses of the better-to-do natives are sometimes supported on posts upon which the owner has placed inverted biscuit tins or old tin pails, but the wooden shields are by far the more prevalent throughout the island.	_
Clarks Lamb Stew Clarks Irish Stew, Fancy Keta Salmon,
Prepared Mustard,
or
and we shall prepay
15c
20 cts. 15 “ 25 “ 10 “ 15 “ 18 “ 25 “ 13 “ 15 “ IS “ 25 “ 18 “ 15 “ 25 “ 25 “ 25 “ 10 “
per can ....
tall cans 16 ounces
Kraft Dinner, per package Serviettes. 100 to a package Salted Sodas, 2 lbs. for ....
Grapefruit Juice,
Pineapple Juice,
Orange Juice Tomato Juice, large tins, 2 for ..........
Pears with heavy syrup
Apricots or Peaches, choice quality, per tin
C. L. Pilchards, per tin ....	.........
Salmon, pink. 2 for ....	••••	--
Macaroni, with Cheese & Cream Sauce
Wax Paper, per roll ......................
Paper Towels, 1Ô0 to a roll	....	....
Fancy Free Deserts, assorted flavors, 3 for
Lushas Jelly Powders, 44	s<	^°r
Jello Freezing Mix, for Ice Cream
Oglivies Flakes, Puffed Wheat or Grapenut
Flakes .........................
Rice Krispies, Pep. Bran Flakes, All Wheat
Post Bran Flakes, 2 pkgs. for
10c
12C
Rhone anytime between 7 am.
and II 'p.m.
per tin
20c
44
32
44	44
44
44
95c
in gallon glass jar
44	44
44
44
19c
10 Bars Castile Soap
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
Everything for Pickling
XXX
Heinz Special Pickling
Vinegar, per gallon 40c
Pure
rkpbbsbnting companies
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
60c
«<
44
Sea of Galilee
The Sea of Galilee, a body of fresh water 13 milea long by seven miles wide, or approximately the size of Staten Island in New York bay, Is 700 feet below the level of he sea The Jordan carries its overflow to the Dead sea, a body of salt water. 1 300 feet below sea level, from which there is no overflow. The distance between the two seaa la about 200 miles. .
*
10 “
25 “
SHAWVILLE - QUE
or
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
###PAGE###6###
the handsomest. Hit manner was everything a woman could desire^
too.
Claire shivered a little as the coolness of the mountains crept about her. Resolutely she closed ^her eye# and determined to go to gjpeep.
^ But the next Instant she was ÈgMt upright In bed, every nerve ? straining to hear something—she was not sure what. Had some spirit of the long ago come into the room? Or had it been merely the sound of the slight wind In the old pine tree? Could It be that she had been aroused by fancy of her own?
She listened Intently and finally lay down again, feeling a little foolish. Then it came again. This time the tapping noise from the wall near the head of her bed could not be explained away. Gently, regularly, the muffled sound pierced the stillness. Once—twice. She caught herself numbering the beats as though she were counting a pulse. All power of movement seemed drained from her, except the ability to mark the sounds.
With an effort she got out of bed and fumbled for the lamp. Her fingers shaking, she touched m light to the wick. The feeble yellow gleam that cut an arc In the shadows brought a feeling of relief. The noise had stopped now. She pulled on her boots, wondering If after all there wasn’t some commonplace explanation. Anyway, she would look behind the bed—that Is,
If she could budge It out from the
wall. She eyed its majestic bulk doubtfully.
Putting her shoulder to the nearest post, she exerted all her healthy young strength. After one or two attempts, she managed to widen. a space from the wall through to SQueeae her slender body, tarrying the lamp, she carefully IttYytgated everything within the circle of light. The ornately figured paper was less faded than on the other walls, but there was no mark of any kind or any sign that the wall was not of the same solidity as the rest of the room.
Feeling somewhat disappointed, Claire backed out of the narrow space and set the lamp on the floor so that she could move the bed hack. The light fell on the baseboard and she saw a sign In the shape of a broken arrow, a facsimile of the carving on the mantel In the library. The arrow pointed toward the hall outside the room. Here a narrow stairway led to the cupola above. It must mean those stairs, Claire reasoned, since nothing else broke the expanse of that wall except a small bookcase.
Excitedly she put on her coat, and. lamp in hand, climbed the creaky steps to the cold, drafty cupola. It was a rouud, open structure with a conical roof, boasting an imposing weather vane. The cupola made a fine lookout whee the owner of the House of Long Shadows had wished to view the country around. Claire had been up there many times, and, even in the darkness, had the sensation of long vistas of far valleys and roads, though she could not actually see them now.
The wind whipped sharply about her and a bat swooped past her In the darkness. With a shiver, Claire began to look along the wall and floor for another sign. The old cupola lu the dead of night had lost al its fascinating daylight charm.
It was a place of sinister menace.
Her search was unrewarded and she decided to go back to bed. But first she walked to the railing that edged the lookout. As she stood peering down into the darkness suddenly, without warning, the glass lamp In her hand was shattered Into bits, putting out the light. The girl stood, stunned in frozen terror. The menace that hung over the place had struck again—this time at her.
She fumbled her way to the door and raced down the stairs, one thought only in her mind. Someone had tried to shoot her. Just as Trigger had been shot.
Panic-stricken, Claire ran down the hall. Pat’s door Jerked open and ho rushed to her. Afterward she remembered he, too, was fully dressed.
“What Is It. Claire? What’s happened?’ He caught her and held her close with one arm when she stumbled against him, while he struck at match with the other hand and lighted a lamp that was on a table.	I
Gasping, she told him, clinging to I him like a frightened child.	I
'‘Shot at you?” His mouth set in a hard line.	J
"Yes,, and there wasn't any I sound.”	I
"Probably a gun with a silencer. I We didn’t hear the shot that got I the dog either. I’m going to get I that devil or know the reason why! I Claire, If anything had happened I to you— He looked down at her I in a way that sent a warm thrill I through her. For an Instant she I forgot her danger.	I
By this time the rest of the I household had been,aroused and I Susie came running toward them, I her face pale.	I
“Claire—your hand!” she acres m- I ed, pointing to an ugly dripping I gash on the girl’s wrist.	I
(To Be Continued)	I
The Perfect Thirst Quencher
‘ •“¦B»
lI
T
T
A
A
»

B
L
à
i

L
K
E
S
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
S SiWM TEA
HOySEOF SHADOWS


Piceic Days and Snndwkli
Demanda
Summer days are passing all too swiftly and no one wishes to miss any opportunity for the picnic or the lawn and porch supper—or any other repast which will take one to the glorious outdoors. Immediately arises a necessity for the simplest hospitality for the homemaker and the hostess, thing is more popular than sandwich, whether for the functions just named or for the school lunch box which mother will soon be packing once more. With these thoughts in mind I offer you the following suggestions hoping they will be practical and add to your variety.
Cheese and Pimente Filling
% cup butter placed in double boiler
<<
CLAIRE FOSDICK sets out to drive to the lonely mountain home left her by her eccentric uncle, LYMAN FOSDICK. Claire Is trying to decide whether to marry NICK BAUM, to whom she owes money. She also hopes to find a valuable and mysterious jewel owned by her uncle and believed to be hidden in the house.
Her car is wrecked by a log across the road. PAT MAGAN, an old friend, and BOB STEELE, young engineer, arrive on the scene and take Claire to the mountain house where ES SPRATT and his sister, SUSIE, are the caretakers.
DAN DALLAS, the hired man, reports that the watchdog has been •hot.
since she was a very young girl, except three years when she worked in the city. We’ve always trusted her Implicitly/'
t
Pat laughed. "Pull
up, Bob. Faithful family retainers and all that stuff. No good trying to work up any case against them. Come on. let’s shove off.”
• • • teeth kept bright and attractive with the help of WRIOLEY’S GUM.
|	An Unseen Force
The next hour was spent in going over every inch of the old house, much to Eb Spratt’s disgust. In his opinion, night was the time for sleeping, not prowling up and down stairs.
“It’s bad for my rheumatii/' he I grumbled to Susie In the privacy of the kitchen, “this stayin’ up til all hours Just because a lot o' youngsters don’t know enough to I go to bed. Why do they want to pick this time o' night to look the I place over?”
I The tall old clock In the library was striking midnight when finally the three young people decided to I call a halt in the unsuccessful search.
I Pat threw himself Into a big chair and wiped Ills forehead. “Whew! I’ll begin to sprout sideburns ray-aelf if I stay here long. All this old-fashioned grandeur. I’ll bet If anyone should try to horn in here,
I it would be some nut on the track of a carved walnut bedstead or something."
“Probably It’s too dark to make it worth yhile looking around,outside tonight, isn’t It?” asked Boh. "Goodness, yes.” answered Claire. We’d better call It a day and get a fresh start in the morning.”
Accordingly, rooms were assigned to the young men and. after bidding them goodnight. Claire lighted a glass lamp and made her way up the gloomy stairway to the bedroom directly under the cupola. This was a large room and had been Lyman Fosdick’s. Everything In It remained as he had left it.
Wearily pulling off her riding boots, the girl climbed up on the high four poster bed and threw herself down. Tired as she was, the thought of the mysterious shot that had found its mark in the dog. still persisted, carrying with it a subtle warning.
What was this unseen force that seemed to be closing about her? She stirred restlessly. Nick Baum and his hold on her father. These two young men whose path had crossed hers so curiously. What did she really know about them, anyway? Pat had said the dog was alive when they went around to the barn—but was it still alive when they came back into the house? Susie and Eb. And where did Dan Dallas fit into the picture?
The Noise In The Night Claire’s mind swung back to Pat Magan, and she smiled In the darkness. Again came the remembrsnee of strong arms lifting her in the darkness. Had It been Pat? She hoped so, though she did not ask herself why. A rollicking, care-free newspaper man with an impish smile and Irish blue eyes shaded by very black lasbes—well, what of it? Bob Steele had blue eyes, too, very nice eyes, and he had looked at her with the same admiration that many men had given her.
They were both very different from Nick Baum, though Nick was
H
viw


3 eggs
I % cup sugar
I 3 level teaspoons mustard
I 1 teaspoon salt
I 1 tablespoon cornstarch
I 1 cup vinegar
I 1 package crean cheese
I 2 green peppers and 1 pimento
I % cup sour cream
I % teaspoon cayenne
Beat eggs well, add sugai, musI tard, salt, cornstarch and cayenne. I Mil very thoroughly with egg beat! er, add to the melted butter in ? double boiler. Stir constantly until the mixture thickens then add the cream cheese cut up in pieces, stirring until cheese is evenly mixed. Remove from heat; add the sour cram whipped, the peppers and pimento. If not for immediate use add the cream just before using. This will keep indefinitely. For variation add chopped mint or parsley instead of pimento and pepper. Parsley and mint are also better added to the filling just before using.
Peanut Butter Sandwich Filling 1 cup peanut butter 1 cup black currant jam 1 cup chopped dates (chopped • very fine)
1 cup blanched almonds chopped fine.
Mix first three ingredients very thoroughly, then add nuts. Cncumher Sandwich Filling 1 cup chopped cucumber % cup onion
3 tablespoons sweet pepper H teaspoon cayenne 1 tablespoon thick salad dress-
GH SOflE TODAY!
CHAPTER III Inexplicable Terror A menacing chill seemed to grip the room, focusing upon Dan Dallas who held the dead dog in his arms. Why should anyone kill the watch dog? The answer suddenly seemed closely connected with the log across the road. Evidently someone else was interested in the House of Long Shadows. Why?
In spite of Claire's effort to shake off the sinister Impression, «she felt a shudder of Inexplicable ter-
New Old Fashioned Lingerie
cottage cheese, 2 cups cheese, % cup pineapple mixed well, chopped nuts, almonds being preferred.
To add to attractiveness cut sandwiches in various shades. In single or open sandwiches, which are best spread with a paste-like filling garnishing is very important. Have ready on squares of waxed paper, chopped parsley, mint, nuts and chopped egg yolk. If garnish desired for a complete covering place the whole piece on the chopped garnish desired, if just edges dip the edges turning as it is garnished. A dot of red currant or any jelly to the centre of the open sandwich adds much to attractiveness and appetising appeal.
Add
*wn# 4 SUAS
3335
/
¦•fx
mn it-*o
»
>
X
%
ror.
Bob Steele looked at her anxiously and then said, “I think we'd better give things the once over, and the sooner we start the better."
Susie was sobbing softly. “Poor Trigger! The poor old dog!" Then she wiped her eyes. “Come on, Dan. Get a lantern and help me bury him. We'll dig a grave down in the aspen grove."
“If you don't mind, Miss Spratt, | I think you'd better not do anything about the dog tonight. It might be just as well for you to stay inside until tomorrow," suggested Pat.
The woman turned with a surprised expression. “What do you mean? Of course it was an accident, just like the log falling down on the road. Probably some hunter took the dog for a wild animal."
“We're not so sure of that, Susie." answered Claire.
For a minute a look of fear showed on Susie's tear-streaked face. Then she shook her curl-papers unbelievingly. “Go on now, Claire. You’ll be sayin' next that Eb and • me ain't very good caretakers. You haven’t found anything wrong, have you?"
“Not a thing, Susie, and I don't expect to," Claire assured her. “But 1 agree with Mr. Magan. You'd better not go out to bury the dog until i morning."
“Just as yoi) say, Claire. " Susie's tone showed she was still unconvinced. ' But that log just happened to fall down and it must have been a mistake about Trigger. I’m sure of that."
As the door closed behind Susie and the man, Bob Steele turned to Claire. “This dame with the compelling eyes—you don’t figure she’d lie to you, do you, Claire? She rather overdoes the protesting act."
"I’ve never known her to lie," Claire answered. “Susies inclined to be flighty at times, but her brother keeps a firm hand on her.
She’s been with the family ever
/
y
Your Household ... Problems. . .
Hare you fussy esters In yoei family? Do you have trouble providing a varied and interesting menu? Do your cake* fall? Then write, enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope :o Miss Sadie B. Chambers, care of
this paper, and she will endeavour to solve vour problems.
i

i
f
Faults
ing.
V
!
Chop the cucumber and onion and drain well. Add the seasoning and dressing
if
All men have their frailties, and whoever looks for a friend without imperfection will never fiad what he seeks. We love ourse! notwithstanding our faults, and we ought to love our friends ia like manner.—Cyrus.
Orders for six cargo vessels hove put thousands of idle men at work at West Hartlepool, England.
a#

i
\

*~ottage Cheese Filliags
Cucumber and cottage cheese, 3 parts cottage cheese to one of cucumber.
Strawberry jam and cottage cheese, 2 cups cheese to % cup jam.
1/	/	SUIF
I «	2958
7 V» mu i4-
By LOUISE LENNOX
Make your own “undies'* in the new beruffled manner, trimmed with lace or eyelet embroidery. Cotton batiste or lingerie crepe makes panties and petticoats with camisole tops like grandmother wore . . . like you want to . . . run with dainty pink or blue ribbons. Hand made, lace trimmed lingerie need no longer be a luxury when you can make it yourself with so much enjoyment.
Style No. 2958 is designed for sixes 14, 16, 36, 38, 40, 42 and 44. Size 36 requires 2% yards of 39-inch material. Style No. 3335 is designed for sizes 12, 14, 16, 36, 38 and 40.|flHpg|
H4 yards of 39 inch material.
Send fifteen cents (15c) (coin is preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto.
Pineapple (shredded) nuts and
LOWWw'tlB
^EUROPE
wear

r'
Children Like Simple Clothes
Size 16 requires
FH
(4(‘l
Oct

A
V 4 y

Suwsuits and Jacket» Good For
Hot Weather
ImwI Trif Fans to Butolm Till» $
CU..J
T0UI1IT $
cuts
i
136
SI
In picking playtime garments for hot weather, the aunsuit remains the most comfortable choice for little children. For other everyday purposes the sun ensemble Is equally a summer stand-by. The matching dress or jacket to go over the aunsuit is useful when afternoons turn cool and for dress-up occasions as dinner, or going visiting with mother.
Clothes designers and home economics watch children it play to learn how new patterns look and fit. how materials and workman ship stand up in this normal wear and-tear and how they launder, for they certainly must launder!
For Children Who Dress Themselves
Raglan shoulders, plenty of length and spread, looseness or fullness In all garments, rather than clothes Just too big. all are desirable from the standpoint , of the clothes authorities. Too big ; clothes can be as uncomfortable f as too-small garments. For children ' beginning to do things for them selves. It is wise to have garments j that cannot be put on blndslde-fore-most, that have plackets In front and easy to manage fastenings. j
/
V
y
////jr/
177
oo
ilü
"WE LIKE Shredded Wheat


I
(4
1»
)
Mother says it's good for us."
Shredded Wheat contains all the energy of 100% who/e wheat When served with milk and fruit. Shredded Wheat Is tasty, balanced .nourishment. Start the daily Shredded Wheat habit-now!


$
(RaUi iHghtly

#

O Vy^umn days in Europe are delightful - make
v!haV°ng defcrrcd visit while these low fares are available For variety travel one way by our newly
renovated Canadian Service steamers and the other
via New York, with a range of up-to-date ships headed
gOÊ^m^g^g by the “Queen Mary”, the World's
fastest ship.

z~
*r
m
m
1 w*

way
«
#


TH I CANADIAN SHREDDED WHEAT COMPANY,
LTD.
rfce ATLANTIC’S LARGEST FLEET
Niagara Falls

Bttwet* Montreal and Glasgow. Belfast, Liverpool Plymouth, Havre. London.
Beheetn New York and Cherbourg, a ampton, Plymouth. Havre, London, way, Cobh. Liverpool
Book now and take advantage of the
low fares and Cunard White Star’s “Choice of Routes' .

with
seats
Wm NEW YORK
"OUfEM MARY •AOUITANIA
WH^I
W


Mm
MAVRtTANIA* •GE0R6IC-CARINTHIA ’
South-
SH*

Ga!

i

1
F LOOK foe
V'-up*-
!FS
K
A#
i
0 0
from MONTREAL
ASCAMA
See
%
CUNARD WHITE star
i — L I N4 I T f
athenia
ANTONIA
••IX7TTU
"ANDANIA



OONALIMON ATLANTIC LINE
-I
MADE IN CANADA - OF CANADIAN WHEAT
Issue No. J3
if>
«a V
217 Cay St. (£!. 2471) Toronto
ti
IMP
###PAGE###7###
1


V A



THE CANADIAN NATIONAL EXHIBITION
Music In The
Modern Manned
<
The World’s Largest
Annual Exposition
Opens August 25th
Largest Teat Tube In World
Glen Grey
Glen Gray who brings his Casa Loma orchestra to the Canadian National Exhibition aa one of the five famous modern-music aggregations to be beard this year, began his climb to International radio fame In Ontario. When the famous Pellstt castle on Toronto's hill was first turned into a public building and became, briefly, a hotel, a group of youngsters arrived to provide the music. This same group, now older, now celebrated as smooth experts in slippery tempo, come back again carrying the Caaa Loma name still, souvenir of the engagement that started them to the heights.


A
7
transportation and communications year
This J«’| Canadian National Exhibition will look to the future a. well a# the past and present. In the National Industries’ Building there will be both a complete television studio in operation and demonstrations of facsimile broadcasting. In a completely new Pavilion of Industrial Chemistry there will be puppet shows staged tell-
.,,ar^	w*y ¦* which scientists of today may use agri-
cultural products of today to create scores of new materials not yet


Glen Gray who returns to Toronto with his Casa Loma Orchestra and "King of Swing” Goodman with his clarinet.



Tandem Canoe Marathon

Canada, Argentina, and Australia provide the bulk of the wheat entering world trade. Exports from the United States, the Soviet Union, and the Danubian countries show wide fluctuations but are often substantial.
The Canadian Fifteen Mile Tandem Canoe Marathon Championship will be contested on Saturday afternoon, August 26, at the Water Front at the Canadian National Exhibition.
Last year, seventy pairs of canoeists made a most imposing sight as they paddled fifteen miles in front of the Water Front Grand Stand at Exhibition Park.
The Canadian Champions, Aubrey Ireland, Jr. and Terry Evans will attempt to make it three Canadian Championships by winning.
INDUSTRY
Action in displays, with a definite trend towards exhibits which tell the story behind a product, appears to be the picture which visitors to the Canadian National Exhibition will see this year, according to officials who have been close to the preparations being made by many industries.
The old style exhibit, with a counter and a definite impression that something was being offered for sale, has been displaced, advertising experts state, by displays which have plenty of movement, and which reveal what the modern producer does to provide better products at lower prices. For this reason, they state, this year's exhibition will offer a more intriguing and interesting study for visitors who look over the commercial, ae well as the feature, exhibits.
NEW FARM EQUIPMENT
Feasibility that the mueh-dis-cuased new farm tractors, which have intrigued automotive and agricultural interests recently, may be unveiled publicly at the Canadian National Exhibition, has been indicated by rumours prevalent as the opening date of the exhibition nears.
Following private previews of the new low-priced models, which are reported to embody revolution-
ary advancements in design which permit very close small-scale operations, one manufacturer at least has reserved much larger space than in previous years. Recently, it has been stated, one other manufacturer also plans to present the new model produced by his firm.
LUCKY TETER AND HIS
DRIVING DAREDEVILS
#3#

'


Canada’s Leading Machinery
and Suppy House
Invites you to see them at their Toronto showrooms, directly opposite New Union Station
South Bend Precision Lathes Delta Motor-Driven Tools Ideal Lavmmower Sharpeners Higgs Motors
Belting, Pulleys, Vises, Electric Drills, Lathe Tools, Chucks, Wrenches, Machinist’s Tools —
EVERYTHING FOR THE MILL —SHOP — OR FACTORY
New and Rebuilt Machinery
Large Stocks - Prompt Shipment
THE A. R. WILLIAMS MACHINERY CO., LTD.
me FRONT ST. WEST, TORONTO



For a longer visit than they have ever paid to Canada before,
Lucky Teter and his Congress of Daredevils will come to the Canadian National Exhibition this year to stage their sensational display of hoir-raising driving of motorcars and motorcycles. The show will, be staged daily in front of I The page shown in front of the National Industries Building is carrying the grandstand, with a two-hour	largest test tube yet produced, six feet in length, for installation
program of stunts.	| I® the new Pavilion of Industrial Chemistry.
yipBttr, who has starred in several movies built around his show and who lectures on safe driving, will repeat his demonstrations of one-hand driving of a <ar which plunges over obstacles, driving a car over a ramp which is wreathed in flames, jumping a car over s truck and rolling a car end-over-end a half dozen times. His show will include the full of 58 drivers and mechanics who carry with them a fully-equipped repair shop, body-straightening equipment and welding shop.
<
BEE HIVE Offer,

ROYAL CANADIAN MOUNTED POLICE TO PARADE For the first time in its lengthy history, Canada’s famous police force, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, will stage the first parade of a full detachment through the streets of Toronto when they inaugurate the opening of the Canadian National Exhibition by riding to the City Hall. The detachment will be made up of the men who acted as special guard of honour to the King and Queen during Their Majesties’ visit to the New York World’s Fair.
The detachment will be accompanied by the first brigade of pipers ever assembled in Canada. This brigade will be made up of the Toronto Scottish, the 48th Highlanders, the Royal Irish Regiment, the Seaforth Highlanders, the Saskatoon Girls’ and the famous Dagenham (England) Girls’ pipe bands. The parade will be held at noon, August 24, the day before the Exhibition opens, and will introduce the guest band of honour, His Majesty’s Royal Marines of Plymouth who will deposit a wreath on the civic cenotaph.
Canadian Weight Lifting Championship,
e%
*
The Canadian Weight Lifting Championships will be contested at the Canadian National Exhibition on Saturday, September 2nd and Monday, Labor Day, Sept. 4th. Outstanding United States’ Champions will again make an attempt to retain for the United United States the majority of the Canadian titles.
ELgin 2381
(
roe voue ^
CONVENIENCE
Farmers Attention!
WHEN IN TORONTO
Call To See (br
HARNESS AND COLLARS
FOR FALL PLOUGHING
The goods are right, and so are out prices. We manufacture in our factories—Harness, Horse Collars, Sweat Pads. Horse Blankets, and Leather Travelling Goods. Staco Brand gives satisfaction.
>nly by
Samuel Trees Company, Ltd.
Factory and Showroom
WRITE FOR CATALOGUE
42 Wellington St. East, Toronto
crew
PROGRAM, CANADIAN NATIONAL EXHIBITION, 1939
.— Opening Day —Warriors’ Day Children’s Day ....Automotive Day Food Products and Merchants’ Day ....Women's, Music and Art Day
WKK^ÊKÊIÊIÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ Press Day
Manufacturers’, Athletic and Floral Day
..............International Day
........Agriculturists’	Day
& Commercial Travellers’ Day
......Live Stock Review Day
..Citizens’ Day
Friday, August 25th Saturday, August 26th ..
Monday, August 28th .
Tuesday, August 29th Wednesday, August 30th Thursday, August 81st ...
Friday, September 1st______
Saturday, September 2nd Monday, September 4th
Tuesday, September 5th ...............
Wednesday, September 6th..............
Thursday, September 7th, Transportation
Friday, September 8th ..................
.Saturday, September
Wkea la Toroale, Visit

*••••••••*••*•••**•••••
	
Gross Machinery & Supplies USED MACHINERY AND ELECTRICAL EQUIPMENT Agents for new Amtca rump*, including- Sump-centrifugal, geared, piston, etc.

*••••••
•• ••
**#**##

Made
i# •••••••••••*«• ••
• -
• • • #
Bee Hive ***** Syjrup
• ••
*****
********
146-112 Front St. East
* * * * *#######
- - • • -
• -
• •

a little east of St. Lawrence Mkt
******************
REAL BARGAINS
1 N
9th .
********* ********** **************
RECONDITIONED
USED TRUCKS
On Saturday, Sept. 9th, the Wrigley Trophy Races for the Ontario One Mile Swimming Championships for men and women will be the feature.
For the first time in the history of the Canadian National Exhibition, a team of swimmers will compete from the Bahama Islands. A group of thirteen is scheduled to leave Nassau soon, arriving in Toronto in sufficient time to permit them to become acclimatized to the fresh water. At Nassau they swim in warm salt water.
Swimming and Diving
I
I
I
Amateur swimming and diving will play a very prominent part in the Sport Programme at the Canadian National Exhibition. Several Ontario Championships will be decided on Saturday, Sept 2nd together with the Barker Gold Trophy Races for the One Mile Amateur Championship for women and the Two Mile Amateur Swimming Championship for men.
On Labor Day, Monday, Sept. 4th, the Canadian National Exhibition Junior Championships, for boys and girls under seventeen years of age, are expected to draw capacity entries as these races afford an opportunity for swimmers of every grade to win.
1937 maple leaf j*
base, 14 foot «take CTQC body, 34*7 tire*, dual rear f
X
X
m
tiling!
Softness is the keynote of the new millinery. Many hats have semi-fitted high crowns which are softly draped or manipulated. Turbans are intricately wrapped. Berets, which shoot high, arc tucked or shirred. Brims are narrow or visor-like. Tiny ostrich plumes and flat wings are the most popular ornamentation.
1937 FORD 2 (OB loas wbeel-ba»e, 12 foot stake E72S 0*4/, 82*6 tire, dual rear. f
I

1939 CHEVROLET % torn efc ¦Is aad cab, with 6 f
t x
less tkaa 5,000 $725
1936 33f
LEAF, short w V plat, tires


r
$650
Nft
A

mm1
v < *
il
1938 CHEVROLET Sedan dellv. ery. This track la $595 I value ..	f
While ia Toronto Call at
\
O’Donnell-Mackie, Ltd.
Archer» To Compete
ssssstssee

Distributors for
1935 MAPLE
wheelbase, V feet
32 z 6 «1res, deal $495
LEAF
¦kart
stake
NEW STUDEBÀKER CARS
Archery, for years a very attractive sport, will again be included at the Canadian National Exhibition. The Canadian Championships being scheduled for Aug. 28, 29, SO, 81 and Sept. 1. The Archery range at the Exhibition is to the West of the Government Building near the Rose Gardens.
Archers from all over the United States and Canada will compete.
And the very best Used Cars 1009 BAY ST.
WHEN IN TORONTO
SEE CASA LOMA
t

1937 FORD Sedan delivery, like
Ml. 3571


?
In
•ver* $495


Sir Henry Pellatt million dollar C tie-on-the-HI 11, Spadlna Road. Toronto. Hour's tour thro' Castle, tower, tunnel, stables, art galleries, and coronation room spec souvenirs. Bee The voh." (the king and his wives), painted by order of late Emperor Joseph of Austria—has 29 life size figures on a canvas, 28 foetxlS feet, and the Vimy Memorial.
•ray
*


sm'-ÆS

1936 WILLYS Panel for real
economy In dellv- $325

f -T

Heintzman & Co.
An invitation to visit Us At the Exhibition

ial exhibits and Fall of Nine-
m*:
i
the
1934 RKO 2 ton, 12 t
body, 7:50x20 tires, $295 rear..............T
t stake

% : ,
till 9 pm. Adults, 25c—Children lie. Sundays, 25 cents.
1934 CHEVROLET % tea p
bar,.!. $275
Our display at the Canadian National Exhibition la of unusual Interest to many thousands of music lovers.
We would like you to come and visit us. The acceptance of this Invitation Involves no obligation whatever. May we look forward to seeing you?
Turn right. Main entrance (opp. Fountain), to Manufacturers' Building.
I




real


t








When la Toros to. Visit
y Others of Eqaal Val Fall teak ef gas with each sale

SaJaDEW

I
Donald Maclean's
SPECIALTY SHOP 233 Yonge SL


>>

TORONTO MOTOR CAR


ARTIFICIAL limbs, trusses
AHo ABDOMINAL BELTS.
/JM cMtmcMsr TotoMTo 9721
North of Queen St.

LINENS, BLANKET#, TARTANS
Downtown Dealers for 28 years Ford, Mercury, Lincoln, Zephyr

Formerly the John Catto Co., Ltd.



Duplicate Stock at our
129 ADELAIDE SL, at Jarvle
u

c*
BLgia 7384—TORONTO
Ware Rooms
A i
m
(Let) 8SO MAY ST., at Groove
S*
196 Yonge St, Toronto
Maple Leaf Stadium
• TORONTO • EXHIBITION VISITORS
BASEBALL

>

1
Jt

%

WHILE IN TORONTO
Visit our Showrooms
14$ FRONT ST. EAST
J.&J.TAYLOR LIMITED TORONTO SAFE WORKS
ALL SIZES NEW AND USED SAFES
AATIOMAI
have a chance to see the Maple Leafs in the following Internation-

hi
League games:
' AUGUST 17, 18, 18-19*
AUGUST IS, 28*
AUGUST 31 —
SEPTEMBER 1, 2*
Ï SEPTEMBER 7, 8, 9* -
NIGHT GAMES EVERY DAY EXCEPT LABOR DAY

JERSEY CITY BUFFALO f MONTREAL
— MONTREAL
- ROCHESTER BUFFALO
I

t
t

*
l
OlVKBtf
1
1
SEPTEMBER 4-4
>










###PAGE###8###
Look Here
Assails kiyebrow-Shaving As Detrimental to Vision
Don't shave your eyebrows ladies, if you would see better ot well as look better. This bit ol beauty advice is offered by no lost authority than Mr. Perc West more, famous Hollywood make up expert. According to Mr. Westrnore. when too much of the eyebrow if plucked away, the eye is deprived of one method of protection against excess light from the sun or artificial illumination. It is thus mon subject to eyestrain and defective sight due to glare.
It is interesting to note the number of protective devices which have been provided for the eyes, ob serves Better Vision institute. The efficiency of each is nature’s way of proving the importance of our seeing apparatus. * For example, the eye, seeing an object approaching, closes almost instantaneously Then, too, nature has provided the deep, bony socket into which the eye is fitted and the covering of lashes and eyebrows to protect the precious organ. Other forms ol nervous protective development are the extreme sensitiveness of the surface of the eyeball and the expan sien and contraction of the pupil in order to control the amount ol light entering the eye.
For Salr, Wants, Found
Lost etc.
WANTED AT ONCE - Bimerlenoed dining room girl. Apply to Clarendon Hotel, Shaw ville.
WANTED Laundres». experienced. Apply lu person to tihawville Community
Money Savers
PEDLAR’S
Men’s WorK Shirts
Blue Denim, Plaids, Chambray two pockets, coat styles
an
with zippers Regular selling to I1.2S
Everyone a bargain at 79c
some
Metal Roofing
and Siding
FOR SALK- Renfrew Washing Ma-
chine with wringer altsvbed. i go, DnuMMOMPi Oaraui, Phone 4- Z7.
Men’s Work Rants
Stripes and Plaids in cottonade—five pocket, roomy
cut, now selling from !
Heavy Quality Pant Overalls
Riveted pockets, Now selling at........
One-finger Work Cloves
Horsehide fronts. Special at.......
Fine Quality Workj’Boots
Leather sole and half rubber, See these boots at $3.49
WANTED—Man with Car to act a# Sales & Servke Representative In Shaw-ville district. Apply to Sinukh Dsmon-htratoh. Agricultural Bldg., 9b aw ville, or Singer Sewing Machine Co., 1U7 Main
mrni^wmMmSmltÊÊiÊÊÊIÊiÊÊm
%
Barn and Stable Equipment
$1.25 to $1.75
ROOI INC
ROOMERS WANTED—Three com fort -able looms, modern convenience*, suitable for school students. Apply to Mbs. Hknry Da lb Shawvllle.i
$1.25
We handle everything in these lines
Roofing Carried in Stock
ROOMS TO RENT— Two comfortable rooms to let with or without board. Applr to Mrs. Walter Elliott, King St.. Shawville
69 cts.
WANTED — Girl for general house work; willtug to go to Monueal. Apply to Mrs* Dic kson. Box 208, Shawvllle.
DEAN BROS.
FOR SALE—A nomder New Hamsbire Red Laying Follets, some year-old White Leghorn hena ; pair of Clyde colt# well matched and broken. Apply to Robt. Tract, Yarin. Que. Phone 26-21.
Quebec
Phone 9-19
Stark’s Corners,
Shawville R. R No. 2.
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher

'Scientific' Baseball is Yellow
The astonished batter who sees yellow spots before his eyes will not be the victim of a hallucination. He will simply be looking at one of the latest examples of Twentieth century progress—the “scientific" baseball, which is a bright, lemon-yellow in colof According to its sponsors, this new baseball has greater visibility when soaring through the
FOR SALK—1930 Ford Sedan, newly ' overhauled and painted, llienaed : aleo llltfODe Foremt Croeley Battery Radio, nix tubes long and short wave with 0
The Wisconsin conservation de- «InA^VcondlUon1^Wiiî^lVaîmoethîîf oartment estimates, from tabulation price. Apply to Rev. W. O. Bubtch, of the catch on a typical lake, that Charter!?, Que. Phone, Shawville H0--17.
SSSV &SrtJWi	“ - S
Future ••Caseys." they claim. Uking to include firing when nerewary. ^ consider It ion .^\pp°y in g't^ es" will be in a better position to get	JOHN A DEAN, tlmate to the total acreage of inland
lthe first...WLiaCk ?lean °* bein*	Secretary-Treasurer lakes in Wisconsin, the season’s fish
whacked ' by speed bolls. A yel- __________________:------—. crop would be 18,000,000 pounds.
low object moving through the air	___i Eastern Ontario estimates that a
FOR_S ALB j	SStiS
ment of the ball clubs.	1835 Delorlmler Avenue	1 *
Shawville Split Honors With Beachbnrg In Soit Ball
Shawville split honors with Beachbutg in home and home games of soft ball during the past week. Shawville won their home game by 14-11, and Heachburg captured their home game 14-0, A disastrous first inning at Beach-burg when the locals scored 10 gave the home team too great a margin for the visitors to
Tenders Wanted
Quyon United Church Marks 80th Year
CD
Tenders will be received by the under
On Sunday, the United churches of* the Quyon charge, celebrated their 90th anniversary of organized preaching with Rev. G. \V. Goth a former preacher in vhaige.
Rev. Mr. Goth, who began his ordained ministry at Qnvon, is at present at St. James Church, (>t ta xv a. His home is in Bran don, Man.
Religions activity in this district dates back to 1832, worship being carried on in private homes and school limits, according to the presbyte I i in church records, while the >f«*iln»iRst church was founded in 1811. w i h Rev Alexander i)retnian. aiu)oi«it**d the first pastor, slim 11 y alter that date »
The earliest chinch erected in
Quyon wa- bniit hi 1873. ami during 1937 the '.Mine vliuii-n was provided with a baMMiient for the Young People a woerk and social activities.
On Monday evening a supper was served in the basement of the Quyon church by the ladies of the congregation. Rev. W. H. Day, Quyon minister was in charge ol the various events
ALL YEAR INCOME selling Urge Une spices, extract*, toilet requisites, stock and other farm products. Our combination offers open ever door. No experience needed. Pleasant work. Steady repeat order# from old and new customers. A small amount puts you in business for yourself. No risk. Excellent opportunity to right party. For free details and catalogue without obligation, Famîi.ix, 5<U St. Clement. Montreal.
National Wildlife federation reports
air
runs
Co
overcome.
The Teams ;
Heachburg -S. Bingham, c ; A May. p ; B, Ross lb ; A Collins,
2b ; D. Bttrdie, :3b ; C Hyndman. ss ; G. Condic, cf ; A. Hell, If ; H Davidson, i f Shawville Elliott If, A Smyth c. W. Shore 3b, L. Dale ss, C. Dean cf, S. Langford 2b, G. Hades rf, L. Hudgins p M. ChiIderhose played for R Sxvaitz at Heachburg
Umpires — Plate, Ralph Jarvis, Heachburg ; bases, R McTiernan, of Shawville.
Cemetery
Donations
Previously acknowledged | 77 10
Alf. Armstrong Mr*. W. Jw Dagg Andrew Sly ...
W. H. Corrigan .
Melbourne Dale,
Station, Ont.
Mr*. Hudson. Chelsea
ET. Hodgins ........
Fred Th liras ......
Wesley Hudgins . . . . ITT ¦I Jiium 1). Hodgins..
Thomas Hides .......
Ed. Com ................
Arthur Somerville ......
John Caldwell, Caldwell
John L. Hodgine ........
Dwight McDowell ......
Miss Maria Ann Hodgins Harold Hodgins ......
Chris (’aidwell .. .....
A. L. Tucker........
Clarence Brownlee.......
Miss Clara Strutt ......
0. A. Howard ...........
B. F. Smith ...... .....
0, W. Hodgins, Timmins,.
Jno. J. Caldwell, Shawville 5 00 Viande K. Shaw, Ottawa
• t
R. Swartz lb, B
is enormous
2 00
2 00
2 00
2 00
• Haley’s
1 00
2 00
1 00
1 00
T. B Death Rate In Quebec Lower
“The death rate from tuberculosis in Quebec province during 1938 dropped from 88 per 100,000 to 82, which is the lowest ever
record edJHQBHIHHH
ret ary of the Canadian Tuber culosis Association, told tlie Ro
Z" 'SZ.r «"".rZ	Scotland
NenilyliN*) death- * ‘yea v auT '30.' act abolishing clandestine 000 ill and incapacitated with riages went into .orce. ; tuberculosis was a heavy burden that time eloping ccup.es were usu-foi the province to bear and the«e ally married in the old Fleet prison could be prevented by preventive in London. Gretna Green, as t..e measures if they van be more nearest village on the Scotch side, speedily adopted.	e became notorious as the place
The fall that had taken place in where such couples in England went the death rate from the disease t0 taj<e advantage of the greater 1900 had been remarkable. ea£e with which ceremonies could It was one of the greatest public be performed under the laws of he 11 til phenomena of modern scot]an<j. The law required merely times
1 00
2 00
Mr*
5 00
2 00
2 00
A
2 00
Gretna Green Marriage?
Here’s Origin of Phrase
Gretna Green is a village in Durn-
near the English
In 1754 Lord Hardwicke’s
> mar-Previous to
Dr. G. J. Wherrett
6 00
k
1 00
ser
2 SO
2 00
1
6 00
2 00
#
1 00
»
5 00
2 00
1 00
5 00
#
<>
4
6 00

since

A
4
i
m
.
that the parties declare in the presence of witnesses their desire to
Most of the ceremonies at

x




McKEE NOTES
marry	uppuippu^i
Mrs. Harry Roy has returned to Gretna Green were performed by her home in Botirlamaqne, Que., the blacksmith, although the toll-after spending the past three man, the ferryman, and in fact al-weeks with her parents. Mr. and most anybody, might officiate. More Mrs. Thomas Martin, of McKee. than 200 couples were married in
Fitzgerald and Miss 1 one year at the tollhouse alone. Thus Catlmiine Furlong, of Killaloe, Gretna Green became, as one writ-Ont., are spending a few days the er puts it, .the resort of all “amor-guests of Mr. and Mrs. W. J. ous couples whose union the prudence of parents guardians Misses Margaret and Theresa hibited." Gretna Green ceased to McCaffrey, of Ottawa, are spend- function as a marriage mill in 1856, ing a vacation with their aunt, when a law was passed making a Mrs. Andrew Dumas, of Maryland, marriage invalid unless one of the Mr. Edward Martin, of McKee, is parties had resided in Scotland at visiting Mr. and Mrs Harry Roy least three weeks. But the term in Bourlamatpie, Que.	“Gretna Green marriage," meaning
Miss Margaret Dumas of Ottawa, a runaway marriage, still survives, is spending a vacation at her home in Maryland,
Mr. and Mrs. Francis McKee, of McKee, have returned to their home after visiting in Noranda,
North Hay, Port Arthur and Nesa,
Out.
s
UNITED STATES NAVY BAND Two Free Concert* Daily
VAN ALEXANDER’S ORCHESTRA C empoter. “A Tleket-A Tatket"
Manage ment. Mu tie Corporation of America
Dancing Nightly
WORLD S FAIR REVUE
C.lamorou* <.irlt — Corfou* Spectacle
A MILE OF SMILES New Midway Ride» and Show*
WORLD’S GREATEST VAUDEVILLE
Etcrjr Night Before The Grandstand
FILL THIS SPACE
Send donations to D. J. Campbell, Treasurer
tZ





Mrs. K



Trudeau, Maryland



>.,
DAYS HORSE RACING
MR8. R. G. Hodgins, Pres. Rev. A. F. Fokkb, Sec’ty
PI RE FOOD SHOW
BIC, FARM MACHINERY EXHIBIT
DOC SHOW


BABY SHOW
HORSE SHOW
%

6
live stock poultry and pets
GOVERNMENTAL. INDUSTRIAL. CIVIC. MERCHANTS’ DISPLAYS SCHOOL EXHIBITS. FLOWERS AND FRUITS BOYS AND GIRLS COMPETITIONS WOMEN’S INSTITUTE DISPLAYS—HANDICRAFTS HIGHLAND AND TAP DANCING — ATHLETIC MEET
BOYS BAND COMPETITIONS FIREWORKS
Used Cars
I
Ji
1035—Chevrolet Sedan 1031—Chevrolet Sedan 1037—Pontiac Coach 1938-Willye Pick np 1088-Ford Tudor Deluxe 1020—Plymouth Coupe 1037 - Dodge Coach 1081 - Bull k 1031—Plymouth Sedan 1031—Dodge Sedan 1030-Ford Sedan All ready to go at reasonable prices.
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Ford Service Shell Sealed Cas & Oils
Pacific Trees Famous
The trees of Oregon have been used not only in the construction of great edifices and in the building of ships, but in counsels of war, in treaties, in judiciary proceedings, in courtships, in death; they even have been used as safety deposit vaults. Romance attaches to the ornamental and orchard trees, brought to Oregon by the saga-making pioneers in covered-wagon days. Science has been interested in Oregon's age-old trees, prehistoric giants, submerged beneath the waters of lakes and rivers ; the fossilized trees of primordial forests.




* COUPON TICKETS
O?o & moo
ADMISSION
Misse* Olive and Anna Trudeau, of Ottawa, are visiting friends in the Maryland district.
Mr. Paul McDonald of Chapleau, Que , is spending a few days in Maryland, the guest of Mr. Stephen Smith.
Miss El va Sharpe, nurse in training in Cornwall Hospital has been spending her vacation with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Sharpe, at Caldwell.

4

w
o. i*e o. i;*i seen
AT HI




/ 6'.
:


/
or;

N


'W
*

• v
I
V
; ¦sfr*
•5 :. h Æ	\
A
¥

à
¦ WA
I
w.
1
f
Mrs. Thomas Dumas si>ent the week-end with her siitei Dumas, Maryland.
Mr. Edmund O'Rielly, of Snd
Mrs. A

em

*

Petrified Trees
9
trees are numerouF bury, spent a few da>8 the guest | throughout Oregon, being found in ot hie si*ter, Mrs. Peter Moyle, at the Columbia river gorge, along the McKee.	*•	John Day, the Deschutes ] |
Mias Mary Smith is vuiting her Qchoco rivers. The fossil remains si-ter, Mrs. John McCann of Ot- j 0f a gjnko, popular as a temple tree
S	' in northern China, have been found
Lacey and ncar Tanner creek, which empties
into the Columbia gorge. Within & few miles of the town of Prinevil trifled forest of giant sequ< that, according to some sci< were overthrow of nature in bygone ages
Z
%
I t)
%

J. P. Wilson
ÈÉ

Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40

jj Mr<i ami Mr< W ¦ family of Detroit, Mich., haVe been v ni ting relative* in Caldwell.
;
<\LL INFORMATION ON REQUEST V
H. H. McELROY, A1 onager anét Sea
4 PRIZE LIST. BOOKLETS H. STANLEY HICMAN Piesafcn/
XND
Moyle, of Maryland,
$ weeks vacation with tree Leonard McCaffrey, u5ti
Miss Lens
8pent a thre her niater, M In Montreal.


I
ysn
-6



M Si*
