###PAGE###1###

P.
B
V

o.
No 37, 56th Year
($1.50 per annum In Advance I 2.00 to the United States
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE , THURSDAY, MARCH 9, 18.16
Order yntir thick early from Shaw ville Hatchery.
R W. Hodoins, Proprietor
Cowling
BORN
PERSONAL MENTION
Mr. Ellis Horigins, of Sema ns, Rushktt— At Sha wville Commun-Adina Rebekah Lodge purpose arrived this week to visit relatives Ity Hospital, on Friday. March holding a bencht dance on the in this district	/	3rd. 1080, to Mr. and Mrs. Gordon
evening01	Monday, April y T 8hore , nt the week- •	of	"
1Uthl	end « gupftt of Mro. A. 0 Proud- d*l,*htel -
Auction Sam — On Tuesday, I foot, at Campbell'* Hay.
ISSSp	ürass
of Mrs. W. J. Sheppard, at McKee. I Mrs M. G, Smith, of Ft. William. Shawville, Que. on Saturday,
«ata jraw & I	. „
stave wood at 75 cents per load r)asl wee^	C. Hodgin«, of Clarendon, and | Enter any time. Individual instruction
(approximately H cords) delivered Mr. and Mrs. Harry BUney and ^AL®1^ w‘dotv ot Benjamin Judd, in the village ; also order* taken son, Neil, of Maniwaki, Que., are re ^ | Thorne, Que. The funeral takes for rural district.	week-end	guests of Mr. and Mre. R/ace. Wednesday afternoon.
Borden Corrigan, Shawville James C. Gordon.	| March 8th, from the late home of
Shawville Hardware
Business College
38 Bank Street Ottawa, Canada

"the Çenuine
Smkwin ¦ Williams Ê	w
emi/ustre
The only business school in this district that measures up to the standard set by the Business Educators Association of Canada— the highest in the Dominion.
ft,
2#

2%

SATIN - ENAMEL

$1.60
as
a

W. I. COWUMC, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
%
The sensational wauhsble satin enamel for walls, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease ink and other stains

Per
,	«	,01	.,	.	„ f% ,	. , .	.the deceased, to St. Paul's Uhurih
The animal meeting of Shawville Mrs Le*he Dale and infant s >n, and Village cemecery.
Womens Institute will be held in | visited at the home of her parents, | the Teachers' room at the High Mr. and Mrs. \. G Proudfoot, at	?
School on Monday evening. March (Campbell's Bay, for the week-end. | Mr#. Fokea Father Diea 18th. Program : — Election officers ; Spelling match. Roll call -An Irish superstition.
<

C
H . wash off with soap and water. We have yU3rt # full selection of the lovely pastel shades.
HARLAND 0. ROWAT

NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Obfk e — In the G. F. Horigins Building Main Street, Que.
Mrs Patrick Gallagher returned to her home at Caldwell on Tuesday after spending the Winter I were called to lvtnadowne, Ont. months with relatives at North on Saturday owing to the death Bay.	I of Mrs. Pokes' father, Mr. R. A.
Foley.
Rev A. F. Pokes and Mrs. Pokes
• t
Prohibit Broadcast for Beer and Wine
Call and see our new 1939
Wallpaper Samples
Mr*. Rae Beihlev and daughter,
After the end of March, the Marsha, left last week for their
%%%%%% $»" at	u, % i
the Province of Quebec, L. XV. mother to Ottawa, where she was
Hrockington, chairman of the met by her husband.	.,	.	, , ,
liiilllil
SSrSKS g srsasa- - - Us,
vincH, The brondcast advertising	A	~ ,	well up in the lut. The boya ex
of “hard" liquor* has not been Celebrate» 89th Birthday	pressed them.elve. as being high
permitted	—	ly pleased with the benefits they
Ou Thursday last. March 2nd, "«rived from the Course.
SSSSYiKS?“ R“'"- *»»	orhitbï“K .a«WSBSeSshii
wishes of lier family and other ï Burns Russell, Bristol; Judge Mulcahy in declaring the was served, the gue.ts being the Kennedy, Heachgrove.
election of Mayor Wade and Reeve aged lady* daughter Miss tier-
Flaunt, of Renfrew, void, was trude Riley, her sou, Thomas served on the realtor, James Fen Riley, several grandchildren and nessey, last week by M. S. Chown, immediate friends, of Renfrew, solicitor for the mayor Mrs. Riley is still in possession and the reeve. Walter F. Schroe-M all her faculties and able to do der, K.C.. of Ottawa, is counsel her own house work.
for Mr. YYadeand Mr. Flaunt.	-*—
The motion i* returnable before Mrs Geo. Hodgins a judge of the Supreme Court of [Bereaved
Ontario in Oagoode Hall, Toronto, _
on Tuesday, March 7, but it is un- Mrs. George Hodgi likely the motion will be heard on Portage du Fort Road, that date as it will take some time ed by the death of her sister, Mrs. to transcribe the evidence heard Francis Crozier, which occurred at at Pembroke during the motion to her home in Ross township on unseat the mayor and the reeve. Sunday, Feby 20, after an illness In a judgment handed down of several weeks, earlier in the week. Judge Mill* Mrs. Crozier is survived by two cahy upheld the motion of James daughters and one son, and two Fennessey to set aside the election sisters. Her husband predeceased of the mayor and the reeve on the her seven years ago. grounds of certain irregularities in The funeral was held on VVed-the conduct of the election,	| nesday afternoon of last week.
Shawville Eliminated In District Play-Downs
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office: Campbell’*Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
i
The Course at Macdonald Col-
Est. C. J. Caldwell
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A, Lt.B , o.L.
Advocate, Barrister, etc.
Main Street - - Hull, Que.
Phone, Sher. 1354
At Pontiac House, Shawville, Que e sty Friday evening.

LADIES’ SHOES P
Clearing Special
Straps--TieS"0uts--0xford8"Etc.
About 100 pairs
Regular $2.95 to $4.00
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
LL. B„
• e
Mossop Cap Winner#
Guests at Banquet
Bristol intermediate hockey champions were guests of honor at a banquet held at Pine Lodge.
The Mossop Cup, won by Bristol players after their play off with the Quyon team, 1087-38 title-holders. centered the table decor-* a ted with the club colors. This is the first time Bristol has won the trophy which has been hotly com peltd for by Quyon, Bristol and Shawville for several years.
Members and officers of the Bristol Hockey Club attending were. Dr. David Macfarlane, manager ; Geo. Drummond, Russell Hanna, Herbie Russell, Gordon Workman, executive ; Clarence Roy, captain ; Maynard Russell, Emerson Roy, Ernie Langford, Bob and Keith Hanna, Lloyd Black, B. Smiley, Bert Johnson, Irvine Russell, Ken Dean, Ben Thompson, Bruce Findley and Walter Reilly.
Dr. Macfarlane moved the vote of thanks to the host and hostess, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Russell.
{Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE.
ins, of the i? bereav-
• I
PLATEAU 638 8
•V
L
Out they go at
DFV WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
$1.95
I

Father and Son Week
• •-
• •
• 0
• #
if
_	A	.	.	u 1 The Eagle Tuxis Square and
Scoring two goals in the 1 Wolverine Trail Ranger Camp, period and another one in the two |oeft| boys’ groups, are second frame, Bonneehere AIHce)ebratjng March 12 to March 19.
Stars turned back Shawville R8 Father and Son Week. Seveial
Wednesday night, by 3 0, w.in' features have been planned for ning the round 3 to 2, and earning the week.
the riaht to advance against West- On Sunday, March 12, the Trail Motor Operator»’ Licensee boro in the next round of the Ranger class of the United Church Reduced Ottawa and District Intermediate y,lu3ay School will conduct the
MB SB
Buffered » painful cut ln the the W. A Hodgins’ store.	=~"'.¦	. .
S ^egmne waBheldu^fur	JAMES A. MILLAR
20 minutes while he received medi- teatures wre DelDf maae'	B A
ial attention. He finished the ^ |>ean Carlisle Elected	ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
Bi.h.p or Mo.tra.l	,28M.l»St.. Hall,Que.
At Pontiac House, Shswville, every Wednesday afternoon.
At Moyle’s Hotel, CempbelVsBay,
BUAIR 3 267
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville

NEW HOUSE
Phone 81.
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
DentaJ Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
r
At Campbell’s Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week.
Have just arrived
H. K. NEILSON, IW.D.
See them
• e
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat Specialist
game.
The teams :
Bonneehere — Goal, J. Neville ; defence, R. Forest and R McNabjb; centre, M McNabb .
ILDI
1C
If you want Colour, Spirit, Dash or just plain lines, you’ll find it right here.
Tubfast and Unshrinkable All expertly made
wt| At the special session of the centre, «. McNabb. wiug*, E. Montreal Bynod. held in that city Beach and K. McCormick ; subs, on Tuesday, the Very Rev. A. A. Johnson. J. Barr, K Briscoe, Cat lisle was elected to the See of C. McGillis. B. Johnson, XV. Maas. | Montreal, to succeed the Rt. Rev.
Shawville—Goal, A. Hayes fence, C. Hyndman and centre, R Dal
OTTAWA, - ONT.
PHONE, 2-7961

de IJ C, Farthing, who retired in insry. The Dean was elected the first ballot, receiving 152 of

w. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
yes ; ae J v.
L Dale Jannar
centre, R Dale ; wings. H. Dale on the first ballot, receiving and 9 Langford ; subs, L. Young, the 213 votes cast.
The vote was follows
Clerical vote— Ven. Archdeacon J. M. Almond 3 ; Rev. C. H Boni, 1; Very Rev. Dean Carlisle, 82; Rev. Bishop Carrington 1; Rev. »».	» .uuuui .. , , en. A. P.
GowerReea. 9 ; Rev Canon J. F. Morris, 1 ; Rev. R. K. Naylor, 2; ¦¦ Ber.F. P1. P,lm
Mc^bb! Jobawn? L. |C.B.R0lly, 1; Rev. F. H
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
Pnom, 2-M
E. Judd, D. Clemens.
Referee, Hairy Fleming, Otta-
Fjrst Period
Boonecliere, McCormick.
Bonneehere, Briscoe.J
Penalties—Briscoe. H. Dale Second Period
Bonneehere, McCormick
D*“ SST .tiS.tX'T.'KS-lK: j: i:-----------------------------------------—
d.i. ..a îftffiXSÏÏiî”; CLARENCE T. BROWNLEE
McCormick.	Rev. W. H. Davidson, 11 ; Ven. A.
I Bonneehere were eliminated by R. Gower Reee, 6 ; Rev. R K Nay-	REPRESENTING
BtiaitiSKffi&££,% p8h”"«”-|
sextet winning both games ; in Delegates attending the session
oaa.tlac
You must see them
IIS MAIN SHEET,
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
wa.
HULL, QUEBEC
den
1200 Rt. Rev. Bishop Car ring t< 10 00 W ** Davidson, 11; v
$1.00 $1.49 $1.95
At Proud foot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay,
9 #
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE

every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 6.00 to 8.00 p m.
er, 2 ; Very Rev.
ery itev . Wilkin
16 00
son, 1.
REPRESENTING OMPANICS
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hedging, Lt d
Shawville
Quebec
MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE Co.
°F CANADA	cuAWUil I E
Phone 20-7, *. I, Shawville, Quoi SHAWflLLt
SBSSâÆ? ù lisHHgyf
' Hanna.
QUE
8 to 2.
###PAGE###2###
pointment, but she said I could come out late. ! can’t drive thought, and it puts me in a nice | mess. She’s pretty swell about it,
1 must say. Said she'd come down to the salesroom and drive the car heràclf, while I go along to point out the new features.”
41 Yes,” Pat said slowly, 4,that is nice of her. She’s very considerate.”
44WelI,” he was walking up and down the room nervously. “Suppose I'll see you tomorrow at court. 1 hear that your bright boy Sweeney is going to run for prosecutor in the primaries. What's the feeling about his chances?''
“He's well liked, and he's very capable.” She thought of Tom standing beside the witness chair, firing questions, breaking alibis, opening pitfalls for lying witnesses.
“Capable — ” Larry repeated slowly. “Sure, and pretty darn anxious to get the nomination, too. Probably running his legs off to get to the right people to back him. I guess he'd like to know some of the guys I do. Old man Haines, for instance. He’s a big shot in banking circles here in town, and can put money on the line when a campaign comes along.”
Very Finest Quality
Household
Science
Dy DOROTHY HIGGINS
• SERIAL STORY
COPYRIGHT. I NE A SERVICE. INw
HIT-RUN LOVE

w

BY MARGUERITE GAHAGAN


A
WINTER DESSERTS
There is no dessert problem in the summertime with fresh fruits available but it sometimes does assume the proportions of n problem during the winter. Because the main courses of winter meals are usually heavier and take time to prepare, let the desserts be light, simple and easily digested. For this purpose, a tin of coconut, tender, fresh and meaty— preferably “southern style” can be kept on hand. The following recipes will show how easy and delicious coconut desserts can be.
COCONUT TUMDLE
3	bananas, diced
Juice of 1 orange
Juice of 1 lemon
!» can coconut, southern style
4	tablespoons sugar
Combine bananas, fruit juices,
Pile in sher-Chill. Serves 4.
HOT PINEAPPLE AMBROSIA
3 slices canned pineapple, diced
9 halves canned apricots, diced
1	can coconut, southern style U cup maple flavoured syrup
2	tablespoons lemon juice
Arrange layer of pineapple and
apricot in baking dish, sprinkle with coconut; repeat until all fruit is used. Pour on syrup and lemon juice and top with last of coconut. Bake in moderate oven (350 deg. F.) 20 minutes, or until mixture is heated and delicately browned. Serve hot. Serves C.
COCONUT APRICOT FLUFF
Add % cup powdered sugar to 2 cups stewed apricots, cut in quarters; fold in % cup cream, whipped, and M can coconut, southern style. Chill. Serve in sherbet glasses and sprinkle with another U can coconut. This may also be used as filling for tart shells. Serves 6.
COCONUT BANANA SNOW
Combine 3 bananas, cut in small pieces, % cup powdered sugar, and 2 teaspoons lemon juice. Force through sieve and chill. Fold in chilled fruit mixture into stiffly beaten egg white; then fold in % cup cream, whipped, and % can coconut, southern style. Serves 6.
left word for him to call me. After all my place is now with him. I'll have to stand by and give him a chance to tell his side of the story.”
Her mother nodded. “Yes, be fair, Fat. Only I hope my boys never get mixed up in such a thing. If they get in an accident I want them to be honest; not run away.”
Cast of Characters:
Patricia McGraw—heroine. She faced a choice between the law and
•4
love.
Larry Kent—hero. He faced an even greater decision.
Tom Sweeney — prosecutor. He awaited the processes of the law.
Last week: Pat noticed a broken fender on Larry’s car. He urges her to “fix” a traffic ticket for her brothers to see Just how much “pull” she has in court.
Yesterday: Larry is arrested as the hit-run driver. Pat calls him to g*ve him the faith and love he needs now more than ever before.
more
Urges Canada To Create Its Own Fashions
J^/kYOU
-	A Denial
The minutes dragged, but finally the phone rang. It was Larry, and her heart leaped at the calmness of his voice. No tremble, no
“The boys said you I was pretty busy all
I sup-


The Secrets
of
Good Looks lj
Former Designer For Reville Sees Opportunity For Die-
Canadien
i
quaver, called, Pat.
day, as you can imagine, pose you read the papers?”
“Yes, this morning. Larry. Are you all right? 1 mean, things aren’t as bad as they say in the newspapers, are they?”
“They’ll have a hard time pinning anyth’ >{ on me,” he declared quietly. “Just because 1 had to have a dented fender, and because some dumb cluck said he saw me driving there at that time isn’t going to make me guilty.”
The burning question flamed before her, danced on the tip of her tongue. She must know. Perhaps he couldn’t be proven guilty, but had his car been the one?
Larry’s voice was humming over the wire again. “I can’t talk to you like this. PH come over. We can’t go out because the police have taken my license away. Maybe we can have a little time together alone, though, at your house.”
»
tinctive Styles Women Very Clotbes-C

CHAPTER VIII
Cooped up in the stuffy, dingy phone booth in the court lobby Pat felt the rush of blood in her ears, heard the heavy beat of her heart, wiped the nervous perspiration from the palms of her hands. Four phone calls and still she had not located Larry. She called his salesroom again and managed to talk to one of the men she knew.
“He’ll be here in an hour.” he said. “Can I have him call you back?”
“Please. I’ll be at home. Tell him I must see him.”
She hated going home yet she hurried lest he call before she arrived. The boys weren’t home yet, but Mrs. McGraw had heard the news.
“It’s a terrible thing, Pat. For the life of rr. i -T—cnn’t understand a nice boy like Larry doing such a thing.” She sank down in her favorite chair and watched Pat toss her hat on the table and sit down on the sofa to read the evening papers.
“Being in an accident was a horrible experience,” she continued, “and I can feel sorry for the boy. It might have happened to anyone, but driving away; leaving that poor woman and child i nthe street, gets roe, Pat. Do you s’pose he didn't know he hit them?”
The lump in Pat’s throat made her answer hesitant. She tried to force a ring of sincerity to her words. “It must be so, Mom. I can’t think he’d try to hide the fact. It doesn’t seem like him. I
f

h
SCIOUS.
Canada suffers an Inferiority complex as far as leadership la fashions Is concerned, according to Charles Hayden, until recently designer for Revllle, English dressmakers for Queen Mary and Princess Helene Victoria. Mr. Hayden recently visited Toronto.
«'Canadian women are immeasurably clothes conscious.” he said. “I don’t know that I have ever been In any city of comparable size Is which women were so clothes conscious. You are bang up to the moment, but why, oh why, do you follow London, Paris, New York?"
Canada has a marvellous oppor tunity of developing a distinctive fashion centre of its own, he «aid.
Why Follow Paris, New York?
“You are situated next door to n new country and in your blood yon have British conservatism and m you should be able to produce some thing entirely acceptable,” he maid. “A combination of two Ideas — the conservatism of Britain and the smart novelty and dress of America. Why don’t you start at least with designing and manufacturing your own accessories? You are so well dressed It's a great pity yot yourselves do not create.”
fyoAvlrOHft.
coconut, and sugar, bet glasses.
w*v
PERFUME STRESSES PERSONALITY
Perfume has been called the royal road to Glamour. It gives pleasure to the wearer (and those around), and it also gives you a potent “lift.”
Perfume is most enchanting when it suggests its presence in a subtle and unobtrusive way, and the secret is to scatter many light applications, instead of one heavy application in one place.
Start with your lingerie; spray your undergarments after laundering, because the scent lingers. And so with your dresses. Spray it un hour or two before wearing. When you’re dressed, add a drop or two, if you desire.
It was the fashion in Elizabethan days to wear perfumed gloves, and smart moderns follow suit. A mere drop on gloves will leave your hands fragrant. And don’t despise a hint of perfume on your hair. You can add a few drops in the last rinse, after washing the hair.
Asking Your Help
His bragging was so obvious, so like a small boy’s, that Pat’s pale lips curved in a tremulous smile. “I didn’t know you knew Mr. Barnes so well, Larry.”
“Oh, I’ve met him, and I know his daughter. I helped her out of a jam once. She banged up a new model she was trying out last fall. She was afraid her old man would hear about it and not buy her the car she wanted, smooth things over so he never learned. She hasn’t forgotten, either. In fact she was mighty nice when I called and told her 1 couldn’t come out today. Said she hoped I’d get along, and that maybe she could help.”
Help— Pat stared at the pool of light made by the lamp on the old walnut table. Help—a lot of help Lottie Barnes would give if it meant embarrassment or publicity. How could Larry be so gullible, so naive?
"And by the way, Pat,” he added, “you are in a position to offer some help, too. 1 notice you haven’t made any move yet, but I suppose you want to help me, don't you?”
She looked at him soberly. “You know I do, Larry. We’re to be married. I love you, I don’t want to see an innocent man suffer. What can I do, though?”
He dropped his gaze before her steady appraisal, and shrugged his shoulders as he moved to put on his coat. “Oh, I don’t know. Maybe as a character witness. Tell Sweeney I’m not a cheap crook, or a hold-up man. think highly of me and plan to marry me.”
“I’m not ashamed of you, Larry. If my serving as a character witness wil help, you know I’ll do it. Only the men you work with would serve the purpose much better. As your girl, my opinion would naturally be colored in your favor. And Sweeney won’t think of you as a criminal, unless —unless—”
As her voice trailed off the silence was pregnant with unspoken thought. “Unless what?” Larry demanded quietly.
She drew herself together and stood up beside him, smiling into his eyes. “Why, unie?', he feels he has an iron-bound ise against you. And he can’t have then, can he, when you’re an innocent man?”
I managed to
She agreed wearily. She wanted to have a talk, too, but it was unlike him to stress the need of privacy. She felt her thoughts go off on tangents again and got up to find relief in busying herself in the kitchen.
She noticed a change in the boys’ manner when they discussed I.arry at dinner. Bill brought up the subject, trying with the awkward embarrassment of youth to express sympathy and yet unable to conceal the puzzled wonder they all felt.
“Tough, all right. Doesn’t seem like Larry to pull a tyit-run trick. ’Course this guy that said he saw him may be all wet. But again it’s sorta tough if Larry’s innocent to have a bumped fender. You were in the car that Saturday night, Pat. Did you notice anything wrong ?”
She didn’t dare look into his honest young eyes, nor meet Joe’s anxious glance. She toyed with her dessert. All three of them had been brought up to believe in the justice of the law. It had been their father’s creed and he had passed it on to his children. The boys had taken pride in Pat’s own work because it placed her in the reflected glory of a law-enforcing agency. Now doubt was in their minds.
That’s what
What perfume should you use? Get one with a well-known name; it is cheaper in the end.
In selecting a perfume, you should strive either to express your own personality, or the personality you desire. For instance, if you are shy, you can use a flowery fragrance like “Jasmine de course” or “le nouveau Gardenia”; but to make the people you meet sit up and notice you, try a stimulating perfume like “!’Aimant” (the magnet).
1 will have more to say on this fascinating subject shortly. Do not hesitate to write me for confidential advice in your personal beauty problems. The following leaflets may be obtained by sending a 3c stamp for each one required: Facial Care; Bust .Development; Superfluous Hair; Glamorous Hair; Fascinating Eyes; Feet Care; Slimming; Underweight; Reducing in Spots; Hand Beauty.
Please address your letter to: Barbara Lynn, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide, Toronto, Ont.
Fiery, Itching Skin Gets Speedy Relief
Queen Of Sheba Meant Business
Here ft e clean stain lew penetrating an#» septic now dispensed by chemists at trifling cost, that will bring you speedy relief from the itching and distress of Ecsema, Itching Toes and Feet. Rashes and skin troubles.
Not only does this greet healing antisrptlg oil promote rapid and healthy Dealing in open sores and wounds, but boils and simple ulcers are quickly relieved and cleanly healed. In akin diseases—the itching of Eczema is instantly stopped; the eruptions dry up and scale off in a very few days. The same is true of Barber # Itch, Ss* Rheum and other akin eruptions.
You can obtain Moone'a Emerald Oil (fug strength) at any modern drug store.
A Figure-Fitting Slip For Your New Spring Dress
Visit To King Solomon Was Prompted,
Say, By Desire To Protect Her Country’s Trade.
Archaeologists
3>
i mm
That you
Everybody knows the Queen of Sheba’s typically feminine explanation of her famous visit, points out an article by Emily C. Davies from Science Service, Washington.
She had heard so much about King Solomon’s wisdom, that she had to see such a wonderful man for herself. It was a fine publicity statement.

v.
»
(1
CHEST COLDS
Here’s Quick Relief free Their DISTRESS!
Rub soothing, warming Musterole well into your chest and throat.
Musterole is NOT just a salve. It's a 44counter-Irritant09 containing old-fashioned cold remedies* oil of mustard, and other valuable ingredi-ts, in a clean white ointment That’s why it gets such fine result# —better than the old-fashioned mus* ' tard plaster. Musterole penetrate* stimulates, warms and soothe* help* ful in quickly relieving local I tion and pain. Used by millions for 80 years. Recommended by many dec-tors and nurses. Made in Canida, in three strengths: Regular Strength* Children's (mild), and Extra Strong. All druggists, 40? each.	'	"
U
cing
“I—I just thought you might have noticed the fender if it had been loosened,” Bill stammered again.
“Yes—on the way it banged a little. I.arry said it must have been hit when we were parked at the club. It could have, of course. He said he was over near High Hill at 5 that evening. He couldn’t have been there and at the scene of the accident, too.” The words were unconvincing, though. The boys tried to help her.
“Sure—they park those cars close at clubs. Some drunk probably backed into Larry's machine.”
Fine Publicity
But really, now, would a royal lady come all the way from southwest Arabia—it was a 1,500-mile jaunt on a camel—just for the ride and to satisfy her curiosity? What do you think?
Archaeologists who are unearthing the ruins of Solomon’s seaport have strengthened their belief that the Queen of Sheba’s mission was business. Big Business. It seems likely that she was tremendously worried over an international storm she saw brewing. Her country's prosperity depended on its rich trade. And here was the Hebrew Empire launching out into foreign shipping, with a seaport on the Red Sea, and a fleet of ships built there by the good help of Hiram, King of Tyre.
Trade With India
Why, Solomon’s fleet would sail right past Sheba on its way to India or South Africa or whatever lands it would choose, for spices, fine woods, jewels and other imports! And how much of her caravan trade would it take?
In such circumstances, there is strong reason to think the historic meeting of Solomon and Sheba’s queen was as businesslike, under all the pomp, as the Hitler and Mussolini exchange of visits. For public hearing, she and Solomon conversed brilliantly about nothing vital. The real discussions were private.
en

Keeps Firemen Out Until Feet Clean
a I
Keeping the floors clean while her house burned was the self-imposed task of a little 70-year, old Orillia woman.
She stood guard on her verandah with a broom in her hands and watched the big red truck come roaring up the hill.
Excited people were running toward the house, but the little lady, like Horatio at the bridge, stood her ground and was cool. Each fireman’s feet got an efficient and unhurried whisking before he entered the house.
#
Firemen were thankful it was only a minor chimney fire, but they left no tracks ii the house that’s certain.
(To Be Continued)
Joy

A Sale To Clinch
Yet when Larry arrived the boys departed after a few brief words of greeting. She could feel their embarrassment, their uncertainty.
“I thought I’d be able to stay a while,” he said, “but my lawyer wants to see me again. We go to court in the morning. Have to arrange things before then. I just wanted you to know everything is going to be all right.”
“It has to be, Larry.” She put her hands over his, wanting to comfort him, wanting to believe.
“The police haven’t â thing on me. You know that fender was jammed at the club. Remember? And you know I was at High Hill. I told you about it, remember?”
She nodded slowly. “Yes, you toi» me you Were there—”
“Well, you believe me, don’t you? And you know about the fender, too.”
She pressed her hands to her head. “I thought I heard it rattle on the way out to the club,
Sc much in this quiet room is dear to me,
Gathered out of a world’s complexity;
The books we chose, the colors in rug and wall,
The bittersweet we gathered in the fall.
Looking up from a well-loved page I mark
All these; I think of the wide and fertile dark
Beyond the walls -hills and field
Oh, lovely, inexhaustible that yields
Even to my clumsy touch and sight
This subtle, chosen pattern of delight.
—Anita Laurie Cushing in The Christian Science Monitor.

<?
1
3357
t J



iizta
12-40
t.110)1

M \ 11





By LOUISE LENNOX
With spring just ahead, you’ll want to make several slips with today’s pattern. This figure-fit-
iere top slip is essential-
à

I
é
the cities,
t.
wm
earth,

1v smart ’neath your new frocks. Cut along princess lines, it makes |he waist and hipline smooth fitting. The hem flares in the new ing manner. /ouTl enjoy sew-1 it, for the shaped one-piece are quickly joined. The Pleasingly low price will stretch your budget. Popular fabrics are rrepv silk, satin crepe, rayon fcrepe, taffeta, etc. The monogram embroidery is nice for a tailored * feet without lace trim. Style No. >357 is designed for sizes 12, 14, 16, 18, 20 years, 30, 32, 34, 36, and 40-inches bust. Size 16 Requires 2% yards of 39-inch ma-lei ial with 1% yards of lace for bodice and 2% yards of lace for lower edge. Embroidery pattern Ko. E-11012—cost 15 cents extra.
Send Fifteen Cents (15c) (coin Is preferred), for Pattern, to Lou-Lennox, Koo delaide St., Toronto, inly your Name, Address and rle Number _ _i you wish.
r
p
YOUR
BABY
BEE HIVE Syrip
\ Is the Ideal ÿ sweetener on J I your morning * I cereal because
It Is easier inffl to digest,
s

res
Over 1,500,000 new houses have ! been built in Britain in about six years.
at
EXPECTANT MOTHERS
m Teething
El Tim.»
ssaass
world over for «or# than 100 years—
end ether trouble#
EXPECTANT ^ mothers who are nauseated, weak, nervous, can’t sleep or eat, should take Dr. Pierce’s Favorite Prescription. It tones the female organs, calms the vea, improves diion and stimuli the appetite.

\tt i///

MEN LOVE <ï GIRLS WITH
but—”
PEP
“Good heavens, Pat, you’re letting your imagination run away with you,” he broke in harshly. “Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to snap like that. I’m worried over this, of course. It’s been a hell of a day; questions, explanations, a regular life-history to give those cops, and I was to clinch a sale today, to9. Dottie Barnes is going to buy a new car. She mentioned it at the dance, and I’d promised to take her out in one of the new models. Had to break that sp-


if ou ^Ppy^aadjfuUo^fun,
BUT if you are
For FREE sample and booklet
Jr
M
gesU
Fates
•‘Unit# to Mothers** write John Mteedman # Co.. Dept. 18. U2 ML Onhriel ML Montreal.
Mn. Sftdie Fverht. IS M,Dee«ld St.. St. Ce the-
her for
G8N
‘JX
eelrr ”Bef, iag well et mil.
» my baby my stomach troubled me sad
not feel*
I
Mfiiiizirii
^STEEDMAN'S
%2Z,d& POWDERS

i
421, 73 West Write
T.
was e heavy feeling ec
LIS
my keck, and I felt tired ret. Af I Pierre's Favorite Prescript!» i I felt like a dif
Dr.
Issue No. 9—39
£
I had no farther discomfort.”
wôiïy&æ-’' Co-»~d
firent MMA Ask your tiro*
Prc».
Be sure to state
gi t today for Dr. Pierce's Favorite le liquid ec tablets.
B
###PAGE###3###
suffer, along with his family, but production suffers as well/' Dr. MacLennan said.
Means of improving prompt treatment waa outlined by Dr. A. J. MacLennan, of the Chryaler Corp. of Canada, to approximately 100 members of the Western Ontario division of the Industrial Accident Prevention Associations meeting in London last week.
"When a workman loses time through injury, not only does he
Synchronize Fairs With Agriculture
Rural Fair Boards In Ontario
had sagged between fifteen and twenty feet one day In February.
From the Canadian side, however, a sag in the Island is plainly visible. The opinion was expressed by Canadian residents that If the island drops off Into the river the American Falls will be extended to the Bridal Veil Falls.
W. Robertson, manager of the Clifton Gate House souvenir store on the Canadian side of the river, said George James, a local cameraman, photographed the spot one week and took another ‘‘shot" the next week. A comparison of the prints showed an uninietaklable dip in the fence around tha front of the Island, he said.
Canada’s Black Spruce Supply
Unsurpassed As Source of Wood Pulp — Grows And Thrives Under Unfavorable Conditions.
Sunday School Lesson
London Zoo’s famous leopard, Ruby, Is dead. Good-tempered and friendly, she was stroked by more visitors than any other leopard the
soo had.
â I
Service To Communities, Editor Declares.
LESSON X
PETER PREACHES TO GENTILES Acte lGil-48
Golden Text-Look unto me, and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth; for I am God, and there la none else. Isa. 46:22.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—A.D. 41.
Place.—Caesarea, about seventy miles from Jerusalem.	,
This wonderful chapter demands a whole book for Its adequate Interpretation. It presents more varied and profound truths than and teacher can hope to bring before a class in any half-hour peri-
Continuity of future supplies of black spruce !i the subject of investigations being conducted by the Dominion Forest Service of the Department of Mines and Resou. :a St the Petawawa Forest Experimental Station. Black spruce is unsurpassed as a source of wood pulp and la In constant demand as a raw material for u?e In the production of sulphite pulp for newsprint, rayon, and other materials.
Black spruce has the ability to grow and thrive on areas where, owing to excessive moisture and unfavorable soil conditions, other commercial tree species will not grow. It la foum across Canada on the vast areas of swamps and muskegs that otherwise would be waste lands. Studies show that black spruce may reproduco either from seed or from basal branches which, when co.ered with moss, 'requently take root, sending up shoota that develop Into trees.
Because of the Imp rtance of black spruce to the economic life of Canada, it la extremely necessary that studies be made of its habits and of Its growth with a view to the better understanding of the species In order to utilize Its benefits to the full extent and to assure a permanent supply of the species.
By William Ferguson
This Curious World
times In expressing the rural view* Joint through the medium of their agricultural organisations and fall fairs, leaving It to outside groupe and organisations, W. H. Porter, managing editor of the Farmers’ Advocate, told executives of Elgin county agricultural societies, when he addressed them on the subject of “Synchronising the Fall Fairs.”
Reflect Character of District Mr. Porter submitted that fall fairs should be more than a place where people congregate once » year and chat or look at the same type and class of exhibits. A fall fair should reflect the character of the farming areas It serves and should have a real practical value to those attending. He told of what Denmark has been doing for years In the conduct of Its fall fairs and agricultural societies. The Danes build on record of performan e, the ability of breed and the marketing of values of exhibits. Mr. Porter suggested that Elgin agricultural societies In planhing their fall fairs might give more attention to such matters. He did not advocate an adoption of the Danish plan, stating that he realized that was not practicable In Ontario at the present time, but Ontario farmers might work toward that objective.
3072 COUNTIES
UNITED states/
Trail Hockeyists World Champions

»
SAN BERNARDINO
M
COUNTV, CAUR.
I <
« Z6 T/MÆS as
“Smoke Eater»’* From British Columbia Clinch World Amateur Title at Basle, Switzerland.
JZHODE /SLA/VO
?


%
ed.
Joppa was approximately thirty miles south of Caesarea. The messenger from the house of Cornelius had travelled all of one day and one half of the next, arriving at Joppa at about the noon hour, just when Peter went up to the housetop to pray, the second of especially designated hours for prayer observed by most Jews of that day. As God revealed his will for Cornelius through a vision, so God at this time likewise reveals his \/ill for Peter in a vision, or literally a “trance."
Messengers Arrive
The messengers from Cornelius
arrived at Peter’s house the second
day after leaving Caesarea; they polls Island stayed there that night; the next » rdlW lMttllU
morning they left for Caesarea, spent the night somewhere on the way, possibly at Apollonia, and arrived at the house of Cornelius the day after. Entering into the house, where he found quite a multitude of people gathered together, Peter frankly told these Gentiles that everything he was doing seemed to be contrary to a Jew’s conception of right, and yet he believed that God had clearly shown him that no man could be rightly called common or unclean, and for this reason, not without hesitation, he had come to Caesarea at the command of God and by the request of Cornelius. Even yet Peter did not know for what rea-acn he had been sent for. vision did not tell him everything; the messengers did not fully inform him; in fact, they did not know why Peter was sent for. This was for Cornelius to tell.
30. And Cornelius said, Four days ago, until vhis hour, I was keeping the ninth hour of prayer in my house; and behold, a man stood before me in bright apparel,
81. and saith, Cornelius, thy prayer is heard, and thine alms are had in remembrance in the sight of God. 82. Send therefore to Joppa, who is surnamed Peter; he lodgeth in the house of Simon a tanner, by the sea side.
Forthwith therefore I sent to thee; and thou hast well done that thou art come.

Canada renewed Its lease on the world amateur hockey championship in February, while Trail Smoke Eater*, the uncanny crew from British Columbia, relaxed at the end of a trail of triumphs.
The Allan Cup holders defeated the United States 4 - 0 and clinched the world title at the tournament at Basle, Switzerland, in which 14 nations engaged in play on the pool system.
The victory kept for the Dominion the supremacy It established last year through the Sudbury Wolves and the year before with Kimberley Dynamiters.
Dominion Won Last Year
The Smoke Eaters warmed up for the tourney with a 22-game exhibition series In The Netherlands. Germany, Czechoslovakia, Poland and Germany, winning all games and scoring 147 goals to 17 by the opposition. They then breezed through the wor’ ’ tourney, scoring 38 times to a single counter from the competition.
&

?v

CONDITIONS OF LIFE.
'y'EA/ZS THAN TWEV D'D IN r/FVV
A1/LUON \'£AÆS DURING twe EARl-V
MISTORV OF OUR.

ON CASTER. SUNDAY . .IQI4»
x
SsH't.W
# #
First Aid Training Needed In Business
AT THE LONDON
Said Sagging

\W ?
. -X r -
' 1
a 65^ OUNCE KIWI
LAID AN EGG THAT WEIGHED)
//£ OUNCES.

Luna Island, joining the American and Bridal Veil Falls, is In no danger of sinking out of sight into the river, the authorities on the United States side branding as "fantastic” reports that the island
fa
Competent men trained in first aid, and employees impressed with the need for immediate attention of the most trivial-seeming injuries was urged upon Ontario industry as “good business."
o

A FULL-GROWN kiwi weighs considerably less than a domestic hen. Yet, # hen’s egg will average about 21* ounces, while kiwis have been known to lay -ounce eggs. A newly-hatchcd kiwi Is an exact miniature of the adult, and has no immature plum-
God to be the Judge of the living and the dead.
43.	To him bear all the prophets witness, that through his name every one that believeth on him shall receive remission of sins. Peter earnestly declares to this household that their sins could be forgiven only by believing in the Lord Jesus Christ.
44.	While Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Spirit fell on all them that heard the word. 45. And they of the circumcision that believed were amazed, as many as came with Peter, because that on the Gentiles also was poured out the gift of the Holy Spirit. 46. Fo • they heard them speak with tongues.
46b. And magnify God. Then answered Peter. This miraculous endowment of Cornelius and his friends with the Holy Ghost served three purposes: it certified the truth of Peter’s words; it proved to Peter and to those who were with him the genuineness of the faith of the Gentile converts; as it was bestowed through no apostolic intervention, but directly and immediately by the Lord, it indicated his will that they who had received it should be then and there admitted to the membership of the church.
47. Can any man forbid the water, that these should not be baptized, who have received the Holy Spirit as well as we? 48. And he commanded them to be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. Then prayed they him to tarry certain days.
NOTES
RADIO
NEXT: How lent ire wis the solar system formedT
I
NEWS
AND
St. Valentine’s Day
By MADGE ARTHUR
The
»
probably know the name of the new Pope before It Is announced from the balcony of St. Peter's In Rome.
WHEN THE KING COMES Radio history will be made when the King and Queen of England visit this continent In May and June. For the first time all North American networks will become as one giant network covering not only this continent but also the whole of the British Empire.
7	Northeast.
8	Related.
9	Ancient.
10	Measure.
11	Magistrate of a nome.
Answer to Previous Puzzle
HORIZONTAL
1 Pictured missive.
STtois — is in honor of St. Valentine’s day.
12	To broil.
13	Knife.
44 Exists.
26 Metric weight 17Yellow metal —i|
16 Part of "be." Ta [
16Form of "no." Ri\
21	Doctor.
22	Small nail.
23	Tiny vegetable.
24	Sins.
26 Concerning.
28 Drone bee.
28 This
was a Christian martyr.
31 Dutch measure.
*32----missives 46 Myself.
47 Subsisted.
anonymously. 48 Monkey.
33	Sullen looks. 48 Epilepsy
34	To bum.
I

A

Bruno Walter, famous European conductor and friend of Toscanini, will take the latter’s place as director cf the NBC Symphony on Saturday, March 11, at 10 p.m. Hans Steinberg, director of the Palestine Symphony Orchestra, will be the conductor on Saturday, Mar. 4. Other guest conductors are to be announced In due course for the broadcasts which are heard over the NBC and CBC networks.
T
T
I

W 13 Steamship.
15 Rail (bird). 51 17 To growl. / y| 18 Pertaining L3| to air.


I
UNO
NIP A N
The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation will feed the National Broadcasting, Columbia and Mutual systems with detail descriptions of all that happens In Canada. The American networks will reciprocate while their Majesties are over the border. CBC and NBC will hook-up by short wave with the BBC and other systems within the Empire.
It will be unquestionably the biggest hook-up in the history of broadcasting.
Historical moments to be broadcast include the landing at Quebec on May 16 of the first British monarch to set foot on this continent, his crossing of the border at Niagara Falls on June 7 or 8, another Royal first, the first meeting of an English King and an American President on American soil, and the farewell which comes from Halifax on June 16.
A
20 Three united.
22	Feather scarf.
23	Fleshy fruits. '
25	Nose.
27 Fortification.
26	To nap.
51 Most of these 30 To pulL
32 Auto.
35	Certain.
37 Little devil.
39	Elderly matrons.
AN
60 Assam silkworm.
33a.
35	Air gun bullet.
36	Sesame.
38 To slumber. missives arc 38 Composition for two.
40 Ten-cent	. _.
pieces.	1 Most con-
42 Work of skill. ceited>
2 Pound.
Darryl Zanuck, President of 20th Century Fox, is making a determined move to take his stars off the air. It is understood that Zanuck will try to buy off the privilege of doing eight radio shows a year which Is written Into Alice Faye’s contract. It Is also said that Zanuck will try to persuade Don Ameche to retire as master of ceremonies of the Chase 6 Sanborn Hour. This would seem to be part of a concentrated drive by the film industry against picture personalities broadcasting. It Is believed due to protests of motion picture exhibitors who find radio a severe competitor.
Ready for God’s Orders
83b. Now therefore we are all here present in the sight of God, to hear all things that have been ecmmanded thee of the Lord. Cornelius is ready for orders fron the Lord.
84. And Peter opened his mouth, ana said, Of a truth I perceive that God is no respecter of persons. God is interested in every mum because he is a man.
86. But in every nation be that feareth him, and worketh righteousness, is acceptable tv hnn.
Peter has been led to see that a man like Cornelius is acceptable in God’s sight to hear the gospel. He is eligible to the kingdom. The fear of God and works of righteousness have not taken the place of Christ, but the place of Moses. If Peter had thought that none but Jews were acceptable candidates for the kingdom, he now sees that this company of Gentiles is also acceptable. Therefore he proceeds to offer them the gospel and the forgiveness of sins in Christ.
86. The word which he sent unto the children of Israel, preaching good tidings of peace by Jesus Christ (he is Lord of all). 37. That saying ye yourselves know, which was published throughout all Judaea, beginning from Galilee, after the baptism which John preached. Peter now begins to summarize, with extreme brevity, the fundamental points in the early life of our Lord.
"We Are Witnesses"
38.	Even Jesus of Nazareth, how God anointed him with the Holy Spirit and with power. (Mark 1:10, 11; Matt. 3:16, 17). Who went about doing good, and healing all that were oppressed of the devil; for God was with him.
39.	And we are witnesses of all things -which he did both in the country of the Jews, and in Jerusalem; whom also they slew, hanging him on a tree, fl-'rl*
40.	Him God raised up the third day, and gave him to be made manifest, 41. not to all the people, nut unto witnesses that were cho-«en before of God, even to us, who ate and drank with him after
VERTICAL
40	Vision.
41	Cuttle fish.
43	To support.
44	Type standard 3 Unit of work. 43 Fairy.
4	Matgrass.	45 Dinner.
5	pair oma*	47 Still,
ment.	48 Work of	skill.
6	Distinctive	49 Article,
theory.	50 Half an	em.
are sent
symptom.

I
Bob Trout, of | the Columbia Broadcasting System, is the first commentator to
be assigned to the Royal party. Trout Invariably follows the U. S. President when he goes on tour.
Representatives of all networks will be at Quebec on May 15th.
m
l
Canada's Second Woman Mayor
TO BE HEARD
President Roosevelt speaks to Congress on 150th anniversary of first U. S. Congress, March 4, 12 noon NBC and OBC Hawks vs. Toronto Maple Leafs, Commentator Foster Hewitt, Mar. 4, 9 p.m. CBC Band on Band Wagon, March 6, 7.30 p.m. NBC noted translator of Hans Andersen fairy tales, March 9, 11.15 p.m. CBC — R. J. Burns, Pres. Burns International Detective Agency, on "It Can Be Done," March 15, 10.30 p.m. CBS — 27th Anniversary broadcast of Girl Scouts of America, March 16, 4.30 p.m. CBS. Robert "Believe It Or Not" Ripley returns to air middle of March — Doc Rockwell's new «‘Brain Trust" program, Tuesdays, 9.30 p.m. NBC.


vein
Mrs. Florence M. Fraser, elected mayor of Stavely, Alberta, last week, by acclamation, is the first woman mayor in Alberta and the second woman in Canada to win such honor.
Mrs. Barbara Hanley, mayor of Webbwood, in Northern On-taria, was the first woman to become chief magistrate in Canada.
Mrs. Fraser, widow of the late J. F. Fraser, former Canadian Bank of Commerce manager there, was the first woman Councillor in Stavely, 70 miles South of Calgary. She was councillor for four years.
Black
»
éV7
4
#**#
l
Jimmy D’Orsay's
Paul Leyssac,

rout
. */'; * «
AROUND THE DIAL Short waves from the Vatican Radio Station will flash the name of the successor of Pope Plue XI round the world immediately the result of the Roman conclave Is known. Canadian listeners will

<4
i
7

%


I
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS
A Bad Investment

/vr ^
Zl LL qiVE YOU A NICKEL'An'-
i'lL qiVE YtxJI A NICKEL" AN' MY PET "TURTLE, AN TAKE XXJR COO LIVER Ol L :
NOTHIN ' DOIN'/
who's WINN in'? i'll qiVE you
A NICKEL IF YOU LET ME LOO< THROUGH THAV
< KNOT HOLE/ y
OK.
THATSA
COME
AQAIN
LTAKE YOUR ,
COD LIVER OIL
si- TOR.YA-Vy^
/ /.barqain'

THIS PARK WIU OPEN IN TWO WEEKS

O

A
)
%
I
l
I
l

Ü
r>

r
IN

o

Gfc'-
1
9

o
I!
1
s
i
& «
kf
%

ï 1
V

u
'I///

/
10

-m
'/
Q
//
g
/
r
r
%
/-
1

/
it

A


«
s.
he rose from the dead.	i
. And he charged us to preach jHfwIj i into the people, and to testify	“
gag
42
K
v


?

ill

###PAGE###4###

Correspondence

THE EQUITY
Hurry I Hurry I
Shawvilte, , March 1st, 1939
Short Course In Agriculture
# I An oucn letter t» pxrente :
§ 1 A second report of the work in the % Hign School has just^been issued. 1 he purpose of these repris is to show the fi I progress of the pupils in their wor k at 8 school since the beginning of the school y j year.	The examinations have been
& I carefully planned after the work had % been well taughN You will see by the ÿ I marks taken that there is a decided $ weakness in some subjects. I nless 4 there is considerable improvement in § the work done in these subjects from O now to June some pupils will n< t gvt
g the year at School.
$ It is the earnest desire of the
> teachers to have the pupils direct their
§ undivided attention towards the work
6	at school so that the greatest measure
4	of success may be attained. If pupil*
5	find that they Lave misstd a part of the A work or need extra help with any sub
7	ject or any part of a subject the teachers « will be only too glad to help after school
or in the morning. It will not be long until June and th_
work must be done now in order to take advantage of the review work that
will go on.
So, we trust that you will give us, teachers, all the help you can by encouraging the pupils to try to do a little better in order that the school
be the success that means so
SHAW VILLE, MAR. 9, 1939
Great War Veterans Pensions
To get your tickets on a beautiful eight-day, Two-Tone Chimes,.
ManteJ Clock.
<f W '
Tickets are given away with every bag of
Maple Leaf Cream of tlje West Flour.
All you have to do is to guess how long the Cloch will run after being wound up and sealed.
Twenty-four other prizes of Bake Rite Pans
Pensions paid to veterans of the Great War totalled $780,128,003 from April 1, 1016 to December 31st, 1928. according to a return tabled in the House ot Commons last week for G. H. neon, (Con , Argenteuil). On January 31st, 1939, there were 80,186 war veterans receiving disability pensions.
Birks-Eliis-Ryrie
Under tlje auspices of C.P.A.S., Div. A
Exhibition Hall Shawvllle, Quebec
Monday to Friday March 27, 28, 29, 30 and 31
s
New Pontiff Please# Quebec
Vows of "res;*ct and attachment” to Pope Pius XII were spoken in the Quebec Legislature on Thursday by Premier Duplessis and Opposition Leaders.
At the start of the Legislative Assembly sitting, Premier Duplessis rose to express the “pleasure” of “Canadas Roman Catholic province Government and Legislature” in the election of Cardinal Pacedi to succeed Pius XI.
Liberal Leader T D. Bouchard and Dr. Philippe Hamel, leader of the five-National party in the Lower House, also expressed wishes for a “long and peaceful reign” for the new Pope.
Quebec Provides Director Of Purchasing
en it is too late. The
Monday, March 27th
man
l.W p m.—Opening of the Course
¦Lecture on General Agriculture by N. A. Drummond
Lecture on Live Stock by EL Boudreau Lecture on Pasture Improvement by C. B. Dalton Meeting regirding Cilf Feeding Club
1.30	41
2.15	11
3.30	41
4 30	41
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REDO
year may much to all concerned.
Yours respectfully,
C. 8. DOUGLAS.
».
A bill to establish a general purchasing service to control buying by all the, provincial government departments was approved recently by the Legislative
Assembly.	.	,	_	,	.
The measure, which Premier Duplessis
said would turn over to a special officer
“absolute control” of all government
purchasing and save “millions received
three quick readings.
Liberal Leader Bouchard opposed the bill on the ground it would bring “too much centralization” of government buying which lie held should be handled by the government dopait menu individual
The proposed service would be established under the Attorney-General’s Department and managed by a “general purchasing director. The Premier said the director would be Alfred Paul.
The service, besides having “supervision, direction and control of all buy* would administer contracts for
NOTICE
Tuesday, March 28th

i
Province of Quebec Municipality of Clarendon
BY-LAW No. 93
At a regular meeting of the Municipal Council of the Township of jClaren-don, held in Hynes’ Hall, on March 6th, 1939, at which were present, Mayor Barr and Councillors Grant, Judd, Macfarlane and Whelen, forming a qitorom under the presidency of the Mayor, proceeding upon the resolution to pass a By lay for the establishment of an annual compensation fund, for the benefit of owner or possessors of sheep
for damage done to sheep, out of the proceeds of an annual tax to be imposed on each dog, male and female, kept within the Municipality of the Township of Clarendon, for the imposition of such annual Tax ; notice of such,motion having been duty given, as required by lav, at a regular meeting ot this Council held at the said Hall on
February 6th, 1939.
It was ordained and resolved by Bylaw No. 93 of th:s Council as follows :
(1)	That an annual compensation fund for the benefit of owners and possessors of sheep in this Municipality for damage done to their sheep be established in the Municipality, consisting of the proceeds of an annual Tax of $1.00 to be imposed on each dog, male and female, kept within this Municipality.
(2)	That an annual tax of $1.00 or each male and female be and is hereby imposed and levied on inexigible and payable by the possessor of any dog, male or female, kept within the Municipality
(3)	That all owners or possessors of any dog, male or female, in this Municipality shall be compelled each year, in the month of November, to declare to the Secretary Treasurer of this Municipality, ihe number of dogs, male or female, under his care, uuder a |*enaly of a fine of Ten ($10.) dollars recover able by th:G Municipality for the benefit of the said Compensation Fund.
(4)	That this Council shall appoint one or more competent assessors whose duties it shall be to examine without delay any sheep which have been injured by dogs, male or female, in this Municipality, and to fix the amount of
damage	. .	.	.
(5)	That out of a special fund, so
created by this present By law, this Council shall pay a compensation equal to two thirds of the damage done to the sheep, by dogs, according to the report of the aseessors, provided that the Haim of the owneiwbe made within 48 hours to the Valuator or Secretary and to be reckoned from the date that the damage was caused. Nevertheless this Council shall not allow compensation of more than $15.00 for any one sheep.
(6)	That from or after the coming into force of the present By-law no per son or persons shall keep or harbour any dog, male or female, within this Municipality without first having paid the annual te/ ** imposed and levied by the presXtt By law. Penalty or contravention By-law shall be a fine of $10.00 recoveXble by this Municipality for the benefit rd said compensation fund so established by this present By law. In the event of this said fine not being paid within eight days after the officer shall have given notice to the
that they are liahlé for said fine all non licensed dogs shall he destroyed by the officer appointed, for thAt purpose, by this Council.
(7)	That the annual Tax so imposed and levied By the present By law shall be payable at the same time as the regular land tax is due. z
(6) That at the end of each annual tax to wit :	on the thirtieth day of
November of each year, the balance of the Compensation Fund of the preceding
i well as the
1.15 11 —Instructions in Seed Judging by George Gilbert
" —Seed Judging Competition, Alfalfa, Red Clover, Oats and Barley.
—Lecture on Value of Better Seed by George Gilbert —Lecture on Farm Accounting —Lecture on Soil Chemistry
—Public Speaking Contest —Musical entertainment etc.
HODGINS
GARAGE
1.30
2	30	14
3	15 44
4.00	14
8 00 41
Wednesday, March 29th
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
iy.
—Poultry Culling and Judging Demonstrations by R. Gervin —Poultry Judging Competition
—Practice in Farm Mechanics, L. O. Heimpel in charge
—Demonstrations of Fitting Poultry for Show and Egg Grading
—Lecture on Farm Machinery by L. G. Heimpel
1.15 41 1.45	14
2.30	44
315	44
%
4.00	“
departmental printing needs and advertising.
PREVENT DAMAGE
Thursday, March 30th
x
V
1.15 41 —Lecture on Animal Diseases by Dr Campbell
14 —Dairy Cattle Judging Demonstration by Dr. MacKenzie —Dairy Cattle Judging Competition —Lecture on Dairy Herd Management by Dr. MacKerz'e —Lecture on Agriculture Policies.
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
9
2.15
*

2.30	44
3	30	44
4	30 41
x
March 1st, 1939
Prevent damage to your Oar by having us fill your radiator with
EVEREADY PRESTONE It is the most reliable.
Enjoy comfortable Winter driving by installing Hot Water Heater and Defroster.
Drop in and ask for information.
Our stock of Heater?, Defrosters, Batteries and Anti freeze is complete.
x
The Clarendon School Board met on the above date. Present :
Hodgins and Commissioners Argue and
Hobbs.
The minutes of last meeting were read and approved on motion of Comr. Hobbs—Carried.
Comi. Walsh then entered and took
his seat at the Board.
Motion by Comr Argue, that whereas this Board finds it ex|>edient to contract a temperary loan of $4,000.00, if needed, that the Secretary write the School Commission at Quebec for authority to contract said loan—Carried.
Commissioner Wilson, entered and took his seat at the Boaid.
Motion by Comr. Walsh, that the following bills be approved and paid :
T. C. Elliott, supplies.......
E. Currie-Mills, books........
Foran & Fvran, legal services..
Moyer School Supplies, supplies 24 20 Tlios Wall, repairing book-cases
R P. Fades, supplies..........
W. A Hodgins. supplies .......
Renouf Publishing Co, books..
Blackie & Son, books........
Thomas Nelson & Son, books..
MacMillan Co., books........
Clarke Irwin & Co., books...
Chairman
Friday, March 31st
—Sheep Judging Demonstration —Sheep Judging Competition —Swine Judging Demonstration by R. K. Bennett 2 i5 11 —Swine Judging Competition
—Live and Rail Grading of Hogs —Lecture on Sheep Breeding —Discussion.
—Public Address. Awarding of Cups, Trophies and prizes
Conclusion of the course. -	- ...•
NOTE—The above programme will be followed as closely as possible
1.15	44
1.30 41 2 00 44
and shall be
\
owner on
3.00	44
4.00	44
4.30	44
8.00	44
x
>
y
\
\
$ 1 05
Subjects for Five-minute Speeches
2 oo
10 00
X
Contestants 14 years and under
1—	How I spend my Winter evening*.
2—	Why I play fftrae*
3—	Interesting things about the Spring season
4—	Electricity on the Farm
5—	My Hobby	~
J. L. HODGINS
6 00
2	45 4h 46
3	78
.	24 80 i
3 45
x
Phone 64 J.
ziziztxizizt,


4 31
3 36
—Carried
Motion, that the Secretary express the thanks of this Board to the Department of Education for the grant received — Carried.
The Secretary was instructed to call for Applications for teachers for all Rural Schools and for Elementary Grades in the High School. Applications to be in the hands of the Secretary by six o’clock on Saturday afternoon, March 25th, 1939.
Motion by Comr Argue to adjourn— Carried.
Contestants 15 to 20 years, inclusive

ESTABLISHED 1883
1-	Farm Life
2-	Should this district have a Community Wood lot?
3-	Why I keep account*
4-	Farm Civil Crops
5-	Care of the Dairy Utensils
Contestants 21 to 25 years, inclusive
1 Should certain Farms he subjected to Reforestation ?
2-	Should Shaw ville have a Tourist Caiup ?
3-	Why Beautify our Fair Grounds ?
4-	Labour-saving Device* for the Modern Kitchen
5-	Care of Farm Machinery
*
COACH
INVALID
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Directors of Fanerai Service
ShawviTc, Que.
J. A Dean,
Sec.-Treas.
Phone 80
Clarendon Farmers’ Club &
PRIZES
Meeting of Board of Directors of Clarendon Farmers’ Club held at the Pontiac House on Saturday, March 4, 1939, with President, Hurst Hodgins, and Directors Harry Belsher, R. J. Tracy and Rex ford Wilson, present.
Motion by Dira. Tracy and Wilson, that the minutes of last meeting as read by the secretary be adopted.— Carried.
Discussion ensued regarding Poultry Tattooing.
Moved by Dirs. Belsher and W ilson, that this Club make a charge of two cents (2c ) per bird for tattooing' :>f Itry for non-members of the Club, and a charge of one cent (lc ) per bird r paid np Club members.—Carried. Moved by Dirs. Tracy and Belsher, that the Secretary be employed to do the work of tattooing poultry for the sum of seventy five tents (75c) per hundred birds and that the balance of the charg be turned into the Club fund.—Carried.
Moved by Director Belsher, that the meeting adjourn to meet on notice from
the President.
Silver Trophy, donated by the Agronomist, to the student with the highest aggregate score in the course. (For annual competition)
• a	’ . v"	« u .¦ v' à	< g"	’*¦•flWfHii	* » »» Ve «!¦	1 * r
2nd—Silver Cup, donated by ShAWville Creamery, to the student with the highest aggregate score in Live Stock Judging. (For annual competition.)
3rd—Silver Cup, donated by Shawville Milling Company,
with the highest aggregate score in Seed Judging. (For annual competition.)
4th—Two Entrance and Grand Stand Admission Tickets offered by the Central Canada Exhibition, to the highest student in the course
3th—Usual Cash Prizes will be paid	I ^
Name Phyllis of Greek Origin The name Phyllis is of Greek origin and has the pretty meaning •*a green bough/* writes Florence A. Cowles in the Cleveland Plain Dealer. Legend says that the first Phyllis was a Thracian princess be trothed to one Demophoon, son of Theseus. Believing he had deserted her, she killed herself and was changed into an almond tree with oare branches. When Demophoon returned and sorrowfully embraced the tree it put forth leaves. Hence he present meaning of the name Phyllis. Phillis Wheatley (ab 1754-84), American negro poet, wa* in Africa. In 1761 she wa?
T
Ut—


owners
Sales & Service
MAIN STREET
SHAWVILLB, QUE
to the student
mil
Shell Sealed Gas and Oils
for
year remaining unused as game OOEpHtd M NwWjl and dam ages collected by this Municipality shall I continue to form a p-irt of the Compen-I sat inn Fund for the following year until this By-law is repealed 1 ^
(9) That this By-law shall remain in
force until repealed, j (10) That this By-law shall
force fifteen days from its *ancti«>o
J A. DEAN Secretary Treasurer.
x>rn
Tought in the Boston slave market b’ iohn Wl.eatley, who treated her lifci •me of his own family and had hei »du ed. Her poems were popu ur -n her time and her exam*!# ir »M<hling by her educational oppor unities has been an inspira her race.
FOR PARTICULARS APPLY TO
General Repairs
N. A. DRUMMOND, Agronomist LORNB ARMSTRONG,
„	President
The Seme Reliable Service
R. W. HODGINS Secretary
mn,
Wilson’s Garage
Phone 40

I into
¦ >

i

Claude Euiott, Secretary Treasurer
/

















###PAGE###5###


w ¦*w -i

Service Announcement
Shawvill* Uwtkd Chorch Rev. A. F. Fokm B. A., B.D. Pastor
Suuday, March IS
11.00 a m , Service at Shawfilk
1.30	p.m., Servie» at Zion
3.00 p.m. Service at Stark'» Cornera.
7.30	p.m, Service at Shawville

The Equity
PRINTING
liUbllsfcei
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY
8HAWVILLB, QUEBEC
AT


Remember THE EQUITY Is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside
firms.
Let us do your :
annual subscription
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
Successor to G. F Hodgins Co. Limited
Bristol United Church
C. ARMSTRONG SALEM, B. D
$1.60
# •
. tm
Sunday, March 12
10.30 a.tn St. Andrew’s and Knox unit ing. Ordination and Induction of
Communion
SPRING and SUMMER
NEW SHOES FOR
All arrears must be paid In fall before any paper Is discontinued
Sermon Subject : “The Eldership £.30 p.m. Communion Service at Austin Sermon Subject : “ Stewardship ”
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices
Statements,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
W. O. COWAN, PUBLISHER
Clarendon Pastoral Charge Rev R. 0. Newman, M.À..BD
Sunday, March 5 11.00 a. m.—Service at Wesley 2.30 p. m.—Service at Bristol 7.00 p. m.—Service at Yarm
9
All the very latest styles In
Women’s and Misses Men’s and Boy's and Children’s
Now on display in our New Boot & Shoe Dept.
Never before in the history of this store has | The ^ Taxii a„d Trail there been a more complete and up-to-date	p‘‘" 10 lttemI •veD,n*
stock.
Now is the time to lay in your supply of
rubbers. The prices are now lower than they have been for years.
Keep your feet dry and comfortable this Spring, by wearing Kaufman Rubbers. You still buy them at the low price, but expect
an advance any day.
(lew Prints and Broadcloths
All the latest patterns and colours
Congoleum Gold Seal Rugs
Oongoleum Gold Seal Rugs and Congoleum Gold Seal by the yard.
Aaron Burr a Busy Man
, in War and in Polities
Aaron Burr, bom In Newark, N. J., February 6, 1756, was educated at the college of New Jersey (later called Princeton university) and was prominent In the war of the Revolution. In 1778 he resigned his commission as colonel, partly on account of ill health and partly through disappointment at not being promoted more rapidly. In 1782 he was admitted to the bar in Albany.
His progress inf politics was rapid. In 1784 he was elected to the state legislature; in 1788 became attorney-general of the state, and was United States senator from 1791 until 1797. His efficiency in the presidential canvass of 1800 caused the friends of Jefferson to bring him forward for the «vice presidency. An equal number of votes having been thrown for Jefferson and Burr, the election went into the house of representatives. On the thirty-sixth ballot Jefferson was chosen President and, in accordance with the constitutional provision, Burr became Vice President, serving from 1801 to
1805.	•.. :
His unethical conduct in trying to defeat the candidate of his party caused him to lose his political influence, observes a writer in the Philadelphia Inquirer. He ran for governor of New York and was defeated. The bitterness of that contest led to a duel, in 1804, between Burr and Alexander Hamilton, in which the latter was killed. Burr later tried for treason on the
¦

4
ANGLICAN
Sunday, March 12
3rd Sunday in Lent St. Paul's

f
10.00	a m.—Sunday-School
11.00	a.m.—Morning Prayer
Evening Prayer
THE EQUITY
PHONE. 75
Holy Trinity 3.00 p.m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luxe's
Service Withdrawn
Week day Services St. Paul’s Wednesday
7.45 p.m.—Evening Prayer
Friday
8.00 p.m.—Evening Prayer
Parish of North Clarendon J Mr. A. C. Lawrence, Lay Reader Sunday, March 12
10.30	a.m , Holy Communion at Thorne
Centre
2.30	p.m., Holy Communion at Charteris
Revival Services
Beattie’s Eye Service
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone cad Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
Scientific Eye Examinations
Specialists on all Visual and Muse. :ar
Eye Defects
can
charge of attempting to establish empire which should embrace of the southwestern states of the Union. He died September 14, 1836.
an
Special revival services will be conducted in the Standard Church, Shaw-ville, during the month of March. The Clark sisters, Saskatchewan, now working in Rosebush, Mich., will be present throughout the month to assist the Pastor. The public cordially invited to
attend.
some
Small Tables for Homes
Used in Ancient Times
In Queen Elizabeth's time, tables for the most part were of the board and hinged-board type supported on trestles. The Elizabethans had little need for small tables in their mode of living, but with the development of printing, the reading of books at night required a readjustment of lighting and the small table
was the result through these small pieces of furniture the influence of the age of Queen Anne, the early Georges, the various French Louis periods and through the empire, writes an authority in the Los Angeles Times.
The small table as a distinct article of furniture came into popularity in England about the midd of the Eighteenth century when the general use of toa, coffee and chocolate required furniture of this type. We find at this time the dropleaf, octagonal, gateleg, triangular dropleaf and tripod base, tile-top. tiny tan* dlcstands. butterfly, lyre-motif and a great .number of other forms. Many of them vere designed with plain or cabriole legs, having spade or claw and ball feet, carved knees
the general type was the tripod.
The small table was an important adjunct in the furnishing of a room and the American craftsmen used considerable ingenuity in fash oh-ing them. A few American cabinetmakers modified the styles of Chippendale. The designs of Bepp e-white and Sheraton were generally copied by our cabinetmakers Sheraton’s designs were very popular. Card tables, work tables and Pern-brokes were common after ISO')
KATHLEEN M.ROLUNS, Professional Optometrist.
T.T. BEATTIE,
Professional Optometi set
New Wall Pacer
and Summer of 1039
Names of the Months
The names of the months Roman in origin. January is nanur I for Janus, the two-faced god, whi stood at the beginning of things looking back over the old year a* « ’ahead to the new, February, fro-“Febru," to purify, for the feast of Purification, held on th« fifteenth of the month; March, iron Mars, the god of war; April, fion "Aperio," to open, signifying tlu opening of the buds; May. foi Ma:a the mother of Mercury, to whom ttv offered sacrifice on the firs
For Spring
Over one
choose from.
- consideration our prices
any Catalogue House in
arc
hundred different patterns to
If you take quality into
are lower than
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
We can trace
I
existance.
Monuments in Marble and Granite
for information on special designs and prices.
Sleep Your Way to Health
on

On Simmmon’s Beds, Springs and Mattresses
pagans =#*##########
day of that month; June, for Jut», considered queen of Olympus «rtc 1 protectress of women ; July, in hoi», or of Julius Caesar, who was ton in this month; August, named tv Augustus Caesar in his own honor September, from "septum,** mcun ing seven, as seventh month in tht old Roman year which began it
, March; October, &jjÊÉÈÊlÊÊÊÊ eight; November, from nine; December, from
ten.	C : : I '-."'
Write
New Spring Furniture
See our new Spring Furniture on display in our Magnificent Furniture Parlor.
Phone, 278
geo. h. froats & SONS
284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
from
•ncto, “nov em/* ••decern/'
p!ain or We can safely say

s
MacLeans
The Indeterminate Sentence The theory of the indeterminate sentence is that it is the prisoner rather than the crime, that is being tried and sentenced, and every per son convicted is permitted and re quired to work out his own salvation by demonstrating his fitness for release. It is based on the Individ ual’s traits and tendencies and on the promise that he apparently has or develops toward adjusting to mal environment and return to so Where a state has such an
RED & WHITE STORE
Successor to G. F. Hodgins Go., Limited
• e
•‘The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
Look Here
.....	15	cts
large 20 1‘ small 10 “
10 “ 15 " 15 "
C. L. Pink Salmon, per tin.....
Spaghetti, cheese tomato sauce
h	"	«	"
Catellie’s Cooked Macaroni, per tin .. Chicken Haddi, per tin
G. L. Pilchards, per tin ...........
Brunswick Sardines, per tin ........
Herrings in tomato sauce, per tin...
Whole Kernel Corn, choice quality, 3
Falcon Peas, 3 for........
Falcon Tomatoes, 3 for ...
Falcon Wax Beans, 3 for
Macaroni, ready-cut, ti pounds....
Aunt Jemima Pancake Flour, pkg Evaporated Apples, 2 pounds ......
r.ur

For Sale, Wants, Found
Roy G. Fraser
Gifu, Novel**##
RENFREW, ONT.
Phono 160
ciety.
indeterminate sentence law, it is the law itself that provides for the t? minimum and maximum sentei s While many prisoners are parub d at the expiration of the minimum sentence, many others are paroled only after serving the recommended maximum.
Wildlife Fears Scent of Man
Of all the scents, that of man Is
Lost ole.
Flowers,
o
##****###eee*######
*#
Bex 388
of course, that throughout the ago* all animals have been pursued by man and hi» smell, therefore, instantly brings to the surface the _
timeless dread of their greatest en- I	SALE-Matebed Pair Otydesdsle
emy. A deer, for instance, will Co,w lw0-BD(i mr*« vrareoM. App y often gaze upon a man in sheer M Habrt Oohbioak. It B. ho curiosity, but will instantly See | ville. Phone	__
“	15Tw fîSfltiïïSSff 5&sg
and heedlessly continues to destroy-
mm*
*1
5 4‘
15 4<
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in
On
25 "
Open Season 1er Beaver In Ontario This ¦)«
25 “
vite your patronage, orders of $1.00 or over, phone
25 4‘
There will be am open season for the trapping of beaver in Ontario this year, Hon. Harry C. Nixon, Acting Premier, announced when be and other members of the Cabinet received #a J»|ation from the Associated Boards of Trade
and hambera of Commerce. One Of the recommendations of [delegation called for immediate action to ‘stock up more and bfafcer game preserves WW the idea in mind that during the next t ws> years at least $6 per cent, of the forest lands in Northern Ontario shall be designated as game preserves
. 25 "
<>n orders of
$5.00 or over, phone us collect
••••••••#
25 "
and we shall prepay.
19 “
25 “

Tish of all kinds
Phone anytime between To,*
so
obligation ¦
and 11 p.m»
###PAGE###6###
!
Doesn’t Believe War Inevitable
Dr. Bents, Former President of Csecho • Slovakia, Says It Won’t Happen If The Democracies Stand Together.
Canadian Dairy Industry Studied
Japs Seize Strategie Hainan bland
ALMOST CRIPPLED WITH RHEUMATISM
THAT REMINDS ME —
OGDEN'S HITS THE SPOT IN SMOKING PLEASURE i
1
China
Ontario And Quebec Liberal MP'm Are Meeting To Devise A Program For Improving Its Condition.
Improved Greatly When He Tried Kruschen
G*"*™ ^C'ZÈA N
CAfgON
V
There has just come to our notice g case of grand relief from severe rheumatic pains. The seriousness ef the man’s condition and the step that led to his ultimate recovery, are described in the following letter:—
"For several years I suffered from rheumatism teeth out, and still suffered vear ago I lay in hospital for fourteen weeks, almost crippled. When I got home I continued to take medicine, but began to go
down again	mttKÊÊM
asked me to try Kruschen Salts, and I am very pleased to be able to say I have been on the mend ever since.”—H P.
Two of the salts in Kruschen are the most effectual solvents of uric acid known to medical science. They swiftly dull the sharp edges of the crystal of pair, and stiffness—and often convert them into a harmless solution, which is then expelled through the natural channels.
V
KOHO
Dr. Eduard Bene», former president at Csecho-Slovakia, said on arriving on this continent last week that he did not consider war in Europe Inevitable.
Asked If he thought the democracies, strongly aligned, could avert war, he answered quickly: "Of course'*.
The statesman, in the United States to lecture at the University of Chicago on the problems of democracy, declined to discuss the Munich pact, the future of Ger* many, or the ambitions of Chancellor Hitler.
As a basis for devising some program to improve the condition of the dairy industry In Canada, a committee of 12 Liberal members of Parliament from Ontario and Quebec dairying districts has begun a detailed study of the place of that Industry In the Canadian economy.
Since the dairy industry now ranks with wheat production as a major branch of ag-fculture—dairy production being worth 1260,000,000 last year—and employs more persons than wheat production, the committee is aiming at a program which will obtain for the Industry a fairer share of the national Income, according to Its chairman, George Wood Bran»
Next to Wheat Farming
After analysing the data being compiled by a sub-committee, the committee will draft a specific and detailed plan which it hopes will help improve the present position of dairying.
More Orderly Marketing
While the whole picture is being examined, one phase being studied is the excess butter supply and of diverting that milk to cheese production. More orderly marketing is another consideration. Then, with the prospect of wheat farmers broadening the bar* of their operatlonr. to Include more general farming, possible increased dairy production from that angle la being studied.
>
aoter
NAN

Mellow — mild —- cool — Ogden's Fine Cut scores on every point Men who "roll their own” find that with Ogden's they hit the target of real smoking pleasure. Particularly when they use "Vogue" or
iiiuw ^ "Chantecler"
papers.
OlQtO
I had all my
v>
A
NGAP0G6
A friend of mine
Hainan island, off the coast of China in the South China Sea, takes the news spotlight in the current Sino-Japanese war as Japanese marines make a new landing on the south coast for military occupation. The Japanese press loudly claimed that the seizure of the island gave Japan control over French, and British and Dutch possessions in the Orient. Hong Kong, Indo-China and the Dutch Hast Indies all have reason to fear should the Japs fortify the strategically placed island.
A$k
I
for
f
OtM,

Hope For Future
A crowd of spectators—many of them children waving flags and young women with bouquets — shouted greetings as Dr. Benes stepped down the gangplank of the United States liner Washington.
Dr. Benes expressed the opinion that his country, in spite of losing Sudetenland to Germany, would consolidate itself «'politically, culturally and educationally”.
'Js
the cause
Big Nickel Said
Curse of Church

us
i
£
What Science * Is Doing *
o


Rev. Robert Simpson of Brook-lin, Ont., formerly of Woodville, enlivened the otherwise solemn induction held in St Andrew’s church, Lindsay, last week.
"The minister is always wrong,” he stated. "If he paya his debts promntly he's got too much money; if he doesn’t he’s a crook; if ho visits the poor he’s playing to the gallery; if he visits the rich he's an aristocrat; if he atays at home to get up his sermons he should be out more.
"The curse of the country today is the big nickel and the little McCarthy,” he added.
OGDEN'S
Grow Uncommon Garden Vegetables
f I N L
47 Nations Keep Consuls in Canada
C l
SPRING IS FEMININE
Men and women are both more feminine in late winter and spring than in the summer and autumn, according to a report on the amount of female hormone found in the blood of both sexes made by Dr. E. V. Shute, of the University of Western Ontario, published in the current issue of "Nature."
Chinese Cabbage, Satisfy, Kohl Rabi Are Seldom Found In The Average Canadian Gar-
"Unless we replace hatred by love, our civilization is bound to be finished, and should be finished.”—Jan Masaryk.
Forty-seven foreign countries assign consuls or consular agents to Canada, according to the annual report of the External Affairs Department at Ottawa.
Approximately 800 of these foreign representatives % are distributed at various ports and inland cities through the Dominion.
The dean of this consular group Is H. I. Mathers, Norwegian consul at Halifax, who received his appointment in 1906. Examination of the list indicates that Norway’s consular service holds the record for long-term agents. C. B. Stahl-Schmidt, Norwegian consul at Vancouver, has been there since 1907, while C. J. Prinx has been vice-consul for Norway in Toronto since 1908.
den.
Worth-while vegetables which are seldom grown In the average garden include Chinese cabbage, salis-fy, celerlac, chives, dandelion and kohl rabi, states J. Gallaher, Head Gardener, Dominion Experimental fltatlon, Kentville, N.S.
Chinese cabbage is one of the easiest vegetables to grow and may be used in a salad, or cooked like cabbage. The seed should be sown early In July as this vegetable does mot do well from spring sowings. Chinese cabbage needs good rich land in order to make large, well-blanched heads. Wong Bok, Pe Tsai and Chihli are good varieties.
"Vegetable Oyster"
Salisfy is known as the "vegetable oyster" because of Its oyster flavour when cooked. The seed should be sown in May and the plants thinned to about 6 inches apart. The seed should not be covered deeply or germination will be
<?bï ùUùuiteaie jflcm ckeétcoâù, ^ chJùiohÿ ide
tAloaü. A
COAL FROM SUGAR
Fairly good soft coal is now being made from sugars, the carbohydrates of farm crops.
In the Carnegie laboratories, whose experts include some of the leading" scientists of the coal fields, the artificial coal is made in two Sugar heated in water at
Skim-Milk Suit Coming For Men
/T
Cow Gave Milk For 200 People
/
m
Well-Dressed Young Man Of The Near Future May Soon Be Stepping Out In One.
À
George Mitchell’s cow was given an extra ration of /odder following its feat of supplying milk to the 200 inhabitants of Black Heath, Ont., for two days.
ways
high • temperature produces a sandy form of coal.
When weak alkali is added to the water, "excellent coking coals" are the result. Adding pressure to the hot sugar water increases the amount of carbon in the manmade coal.
I
The well-dressed young man of the near future may be stepping out on the Easter parades with a nice milk suit it the expected progress Is made In a new discovery exhibited before the luncheon of the Electric Club of Toronto last week.
An Italian discovery, the new material may some day revolutionise the textile Industry.
«The manufacture of this material would provide a useful purpose tor the tons of skim milk each day poured down the sewers by the creameries/’ said Colonel Chappell.
Industry was beginning to realise more and more that It could go farther with the aid of science," said the speaker.
New Artificial Silk
He showed his audience "glass" made from plastic resins and "rubber" made '~om coal, lime and salt.
Another interesting article was a tooth brush with bristles manufactured from synthetic silk.
This material, he said, differed from rayon and artificial silk in that it possessed all the qualities
t. ...a i
-•will undoubtedly suffer as a result	Breada flMI. PulletsJIM».
ot the development of this syn-	horn. jjlLlS. PuM.
and sell direct by mall. No agent». No salesmen. No branches. Free Catalogue. Tweddle Chick Hatch-Limited. Fergus, Ontario.
m
LlNiME nT
Isolated by the early February snow-storm, residents of the village 20 miles south of Hamilton, depended for their fresh milk entirely on Mitchell’s
i
Classified Advertising
THIS LIQUID FLOATS ROCK Fluids now used for fire extinguishers which look like water but float rocks as big as a man’s head are announced as a new aid to mining.
The rocks, broken by blasting power tools, come from the mixed with the minerals in
cow
A huge caterpillar plow finally bucked its way through drifts six to 10 feet high and a motor cavalcade bearing fresh food followed.
HAIR GOODS
6 FRILLED APRONS, Wo
poor
Chives should be in every garden. The leaves have much the flavor tf onion leaves and are used in salads, soups and stews, mixed with mashed potatoes, and so on.
Easy As Radishes Kohl Rabi can be grown as easily as radishes. It Is between a cabbage and a turnip in looks and flavor, and Is cooked and used like
Successlonal
WIGS. TOUPBS. TRANSFORMA» tloum Switches. Curls, and all types of finest quality Hair Goods. Write for illustrated catalogue. Confidential terms arranged. Toronto an Hair Supply Co- 628 Bathurst. Toronto.	___
FIRST QUALITY “CANADIAN" Prints, Broadcloths:	washfast,
newest patterns! Pockets, Ties, organdie-trimmed. Full else 14 -82. “Refund Guaranteed." Canadian Textiles. Dept. LA, Montreal.
Hum-
or
HAV=
mines
such indiscriminate masses that it might take days for one man to separate a truckload by hand.
But dumped into a trough of the liquid, flowing about a mile an hour, the rocks either float while the valuable minerals sink, or the reverse if the minerals are the lighter weight.
FREDS AND FERTILISERS
BABY CHICKS__________
COCKERELS AVERAGED 1 DOLlar each for Mrs. J. H. Byrne. They paid all expenses of raising the entire flock of one hundred Bray White Rock and one hundred Light Sussex chicks. Order Bray chicks early. Bray Hatchery, 130 John Street North, Hamilton, Ont.
CASH IN ON THE SUMMER HOTEL and tourist demand for broilers and light roasters. Bray White Leghorn cockerels Ideal, especially when caponised. Order today. Bray Hatchery. 180 John Street North. Hamilton, Ontario._____
POTASH FERTILIZER (CANADIAN
Write for Free use. George
°° TV
arD
Hardwood Ashes).
Circular explaining Stevens, Peterborough, Ontario
1
mowings
turnips
should be made from early in May until the middle of July. Kohl Rabi ¦hould be used when from 2 to 2Vg Inches in diameter.
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE
HE
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—WRITE for free booklet and full particulars regarding our amaxlngly eue-cessful hyblood treatment. Pedigreed Products. Saskatoon, Sgsk.
The Lie Detector
Manager (to neglected diner): "Can you identify the waiter who atarted serving you, sir?”
Diner (indicating plate) : "Well, we’ve got him finger-prints.”
The Seven Ages of Woman
1.	The baby.
2.	The little girl.
3.	The flapper.
4.	The young lady.
5.	The young lady.
6.	The young lady.
7.	The young lady.
They had grown wealthy suddenly and had purchased a farm, complete with hens, cows, and pigs. Said a visitor one day:
"Do your hens lay eggs?”
"Oh, they can,” was the lofty reply, "but in our position they don’t have to.”
OPPORTUNITY
Modern
Etiquette
"There is actually no lie detector,” says the Journal of the American Medical Association. The present status of the question is controversial. The underlying principles may be sound but these as well as the apparatus in use are exceedingly complicated except to a trained medical psychologist or a forensic medical expert or to an operator skilled in the use of delicate machinery. There are many polygraphs or lie detectors in existence. The best and highest-priced ones are so complicated that they are useless for practical purposes.
FORTUNES HAVE BEEN REAPED from email Investment*. Particulars—D. Mitchell, Room 1121 • * 87 Yonge St., Toronto.____________
BY ROBERTA LEE
PATENTS
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR. List of Inventions and full Information sent free. The Ramsay Company, Registered. Patent Attorneys. 171 iBank SL. Ottawa. Can,__________
Questions
1.	When having personal stationery printed, should the return address be placed on the front of the envelope or on the flap?
2.	May one "ring off” in huai-telephoning without saying
Exports Rise
For Dominion
Canada Opens Year 1939 With Substantial Increase In Domestic Exports.
Canada opened the new year with g substantial increase in her domestic exports, It was disclosed In figures released by the Dominion Burnt Statistics. Exports In Janu-totalled $81.046,000 compared with $69,477,000 In December and $71,022,000 In January, 1938.
Principal items of export with figures for January, 1938, In brackets: newsprint $8,290.258 ($6.816,828); unmanufactured neckel $4,882,265 $5,678,610); wheat $4.646,437 ($8,922,395); furs $4,098,769 ($3,607,379); automobiles and parts $3,737,064 ($2.345.919); partial'/ manufactured copper $3,360,424 ($3,889,641); planks and boards $3,248,707 ($2.487,255» ; meats $3,144,865 ($3,717.385); fish $2.612.486 ($2,637,078); wood pulp $2,227,779 ($2,149,823-; wheat flour $1.172.324 ($1,692,033; cheese $188,381 ($62,857).
•rise
Photography
TAKE NO CHANCE — BUY Government Approved Chick» from blood tested breeders. Save money, lower operating coats enable# __ to sell at these prices. Standard
Free Catalogue. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited. Baden, Ontario.	__________*
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH Every roll film developed and 8 high gloss prints 26c. Reprints asms I 1	8 enlarged prints 25c.
htllng Studio, Toronto._
ness
"Good-by?”
3.	Is it correct to serve a des-jtert with the silver on the plate?
4.	When a woman is introduced to a man, should she offer her
hand?
5.	When travelling in a Pullman car is a passenger expected to pay for the use of a pillow, In daytime?
6.	How should one eat from a
spoon ?
us
price. Brl
PERSONAL
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF, EASILY, Inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials. Guaranteed. Advice free. Bartlett's, Box 1, Winnipeg.
COLDS ARB DANGEROUS
WRITE FOR A TRIAL BOX OF “Old English" Composition Capsules. Brings quick relief. Mall ten cents for S5o box of 15 capsules. Old English Herb Co., Toronto.	____________
How Can I?
POULTRY AND EGGS
Friend: "I bought • copy
WANTED — LIVE AND DRESSED poultry, also feathers. Good prices. Write Stork. St Patrick's Market. Toronto.
WANTED — LIVE AND DRESSED poultry. Pay above market quotation». Write Export Packers. 104 College, Toronto.
BY ANNE ASHLEY
eau
of your book the other day.”
ary
"Ob, •• it was
Author
EDUCATIONAL
Q. How can I separate stamps that have stuck together?
A. Place s thin piece of paper over them and then run a hot iron over this paper very lightly.
Q. How can I clean off grease that has spattered over an painted floor?
A. Pour kerosene over the spots, then scrub thoroughly with a scrubbing brush days, both the grease and the
kerosene will disappear.
Q. How can I prevent the chipping of dishes, caused by striking them against the kitchen sink faucet?
you!”
Answers
1. It should be on the flap, though it is omitted entirely on envelopes used for formal pur-2. No; it is rude to leave
CANADIAN CORRESPONDENCE
COLLEGE	_	_
"Has the laundry made a mistake?” asked Brown. “This shirt is mo tight I can hardly breathe.”
“Yes, it’s your shirt all right,” replied his wife, “but you’ve got your head through a buttonhole.”
“A splendid car! Just start her up, and in two hours you Owen Sound.
“That's no good to me.” “Why not?”
“1 don’t know anybody in Owen Sound.”
SHORTHAND.
MATRICULATION, end bookkeeping. 35 years' experience. You still have time to write two or three papers In June. S07 Kent Bldg., Toronto.________
RADIO
poses.
the other party ignorant that you have rung off. 3. Yes is entirely optional; she may if she wishes, but it is seldom done. And the man should never be the first to extend his hand A pillow will be furnished without extra charge if requested. 6. The food should always be taken from the side of the spoon, and never from the point.
OUR NEW RADIO SALES SHEET is now ready for distribution. Write for copy. Please specify whether dealer, amateur, serviceman or set owner. Radio Trade Supply Co.. Ltd., 587 Yonge St., Toronto.
un-
4. This
ELECTRIC MOTORS
ELECTRIC MOTORS AND MACHIN -bought, sold, exchanged. Ford Machinery. 169 King East. Toronto.
ery
After a few
5. No
HOSES FOR YOUR GARDEN
NEW ROHES for your garden from England. Send for free catalogue, five hundred varieties. Merry-weather's Famous Rowes, complete cultural direction.». Write today. Canadian agent. Brush's Nurseries, Box 140, Kldgevllle, Ont
FARMS FOR SALE
GOOD ONTARIO FARMS FOR SALE. Terms at 4%. No farm sold without reasonable cash payment. Please state your requirements fully, also county or district preferred. Commissioner of Agricultural Loan», Parliament Bldgs. Toronto, OnL
A. This can be prevented if one-inch lengths of garden bore are cut and one of these fastened to
the end of each faucet.
Q. How can I relieve a rfervous
headache?
A. Try drinking a cup of strong black coffee, to which the juice of a lemon has been added.
Q. How can I effect a substitute for soap chips?
A. Tie up a whole cake of white soap in a clean cloth and put it in with the clothes. The soap will soon dissolve.
Q. How can Î freshen s quickly and easily ?
A. Pub them with a little orange juice, or with the orange peel before it haa dried.
Two lady snails were crawling along the top of the wall, when one glanced back.
“Don’t look round, dear,” she said, ’‘there’s a man following us.”
Frozen Vegetables
6 MB#. •‘QUILT REMNANT#"
SURPRISE
OR IS POUNDS $
Package” Frer! Choice of tubfast Cotton Prints, Piques, Broadcloth a. Tapestry, Silks, Eiderdowns. Woollens, Repp, Flannelette, Tweeds. Large! “Refund Guaranteed," 1 pie Bundle 16c. Ph Dept. LE, Montreal
A *
The pack of frozen vegetables in Canada in 1938 increased to 690,000 pounds from 126,000 pounds in 1937, the principal increase being in peas and corn on cob. New factories were opened in British Columbia and in Ontario. and efforts will be made during 1939 to establish freezing units in retail stores. At the present time, the bulk of this product is sold to the hotel and restaurant trade.
GOOD 160-AURE FARM. GOOD brick bouse, big bank barn alio. Apply Gideon Schneider. Moore-field. Ont.__________________________
GUARANTEED RELIEF!
Try tnc active oxygen treatment for tbe relief of bleeding. Itching pile», lu use nearly half a century. half tbe tube and If not satisfied return tube direct to tbe Company end receive tbe
SKI
RECTAL OINTMENT send eev only-five cents by money order and tube (with applicator) will bs mailed to you In plain wrap-oer. postpaid.
Eucozone Laboratories
(Canada) Limited WINDSOR. ONTARIO
8am-oss Textiles.
"I know,” replied her friend. “Is mydfehell on straight?”
FREE KNLARGEMENT
FILMS DEVELOPED, PRINTED 25c Reprints 3c. Carter # Photo Her vice, Victoria St, Brantford. Ont
TRACTOR FOR SALE
40 - HORSEPOWER WATERLOO Tractor for sale, In first class condition, Just the thing 1 mill; bargain for quick ply C. BeilharU, Bruce Station. Ont.
for a saw
ORNAMENTALS
sale. Ap-
RARE AND UNUSUAL URN AMEN-tels, trees, shrub» and perennial flower». Hardy fruit# for colder districts. Plante expertly packed, arrival In good condition guaranteed. Express prepaid. Send for Illustrated catalogue describing over 600 varieties. The Manitoba Hardy Plant Nursery, Dropmore, Manitoba.
IN A MINUTE . . .
with tbe itching tortures of ecseme, rashes, athlete e tout,erupti skin afflictions? For quick md happy rrlirf. use cooling, antiseptic, liquid D. D. D.
...ST
WANTED TO RENT
oe*
A 10-60 ACRE FARM WITH LARGE bank barn about 2100 square feet, within 60 miles of Toronto. State full particulars. Apply U. Hamper, Mlnvco, P.O.
A Burton-on-Trent (England) man who chained a cog ?*• a wall and let it die w*s *.»r*rifOL?d for
22
Stops tbe most Intense Itching ftnstnatly. A 39c trial bottle, el drug stores.
I
Issue No. 9—'39
20
###PAGE###7###
Fewer Tourists Entered Canada
Children Of 14 Eat The Most
Canadian-Born Actress Weds Peer’s Brother
News
Parade
By Elizabeth Ecdy
VOICE OF THE PRESS
I
ff-
r
T
During 1938—Volume of Motor Travel Declined
* y V ci
Being I» Highest At That Age


:

WOLF AT THK DOOR la Sweden, packs of wolves are keeping people away from church. That lsat what's keeping them away over here.—Toronto Star.

mi
KEY TO PACIFIC* The most important island in the world has fallen into the wrong hands. The domination of Hainan by Japan will strike heavily against Great Britain, France and the United States, strategically situated as the island is athwart the British Far Eastern lifeline; menacing France's Indo-Chlna ports; threatening the United States' lines to the Philippines and Hawaii. Should Britain and the U.S. ever decide to act in concert in the East, their movements will now be seriously hampered.
At the present moment the island's chief importance to Japan is as a base from which air attacks cam be launched at China's two remaining communications with the outside world.
Looking at it the long way, how. ever, as Generalissimo Chiang Kai-Shek put it last week, the seizure of Hainan is the first step in a southward expansion of the Japanese Empire. Japan now has an excellent jumping-off place toward the Dutch Indies, rich in oil, and is in a better position than ever before to accomplish the eventual domination of the whole Pacific. CHILDREN, TAKE CARE* Everybody's met Ferdinand the Bull— who loved to smell the flowers— in the movie or in the book or in spng (advt.) and loved him too, we're certain. But for all his charm, his mildness, Ferdinand is yet a menace. Because little chilrren love him too much. *
Tourists visiting Canada In 1981 spent an estimated $269,999,9*8 compared with $290,000,000 In 1987, according to a preliminary report issued by the Dominion Bureau of Statistics, Expenditures of Canadian travellers abroad were estimated at 1120,000,000 against $124,000,000. The favorable balance to Canada on her International tourist account may be placed at about $149,000,000 In 1938 compared with $166,000,000 In 1937.
Though Visitors Spent Millions
Volume of motor travel to Canada declined In 1938, the total number of automobiles entered for touring purposes being 4, 346,646 compared with 4,511,840 In 1937. Estimated expenditures of motor tourists In Canada were $178,000,000 compared with $181,332,000 in 1937.
Tourist entries in Canada by rail, as reported by immigration officers, totalled 757,860 In 1938, a decline of 137,097 from 1937.

The small baby does not require as much energy producing food es the active boy or girl. The baby of one month of age needs about 608 calories In 24 hours; of two months, 610 calories; of 6 months, 760 calories; of 10 months, 900 calories; of 19 months, 1000 and of 14 months, 1200 calories per day. After this time, however, the child begins activities which Increase greatly the demand for energy food because the child Is also at this time growing at an exceedingly rapid rats.
Fewer Calories Needed Thereafter
During the last ffty years attempts have been made to set up standards of food requirement for children of various ages. The calories required increase steadily with age, reaching a peak at the age of 14 after which there li a drop.
It must be remembered that for energy requirement of the body It Is the carbohydrate foods which are chiefly important. In carbohydrate foods we include not only sugar but also all of the cereals like oats, corn, wheat, rye, rice, barley and similar grains. Once children objected seriously to such foods because they werj monotonous, but nowadays ' i lufactur-ere of prepared cereals have developed so many different modifications that any sort of appetite or taste may be met by the foods that are avallat e.
' 6 W*

TH* OLD RELIABLE When we’re moved to speak slightingly of the "horse and buggy days,” we might remember that the horse would always start on a cold morning.—Owen Sound Sun-Tlmea.
m

AXES TO GRIND It Is strange that nearly everyone who protests against Increased debt and increased taxation has his own pet project which, If accepted by the governments, could only mean more debt or more taxation. — Brockville Recorder and Times.


YOU’RE TELLING US!
Addresses to the King are to be as few aa possible, and his Majesty will not be expected to reply. This might be a good policy to follow in regard to all distinguished visitors. A weakness of Canadians Is their tendency toward speechmaking on the slightest provocation.—Toronto Globe and Mail.

I

6»
There are 40 million Ukrainian people, most of them In Russia.
Honeymooning in Hollywood after a surprise marriage in Tucson, Arts., arc Frances D ake, Canadian-born actress, and her husband, Cecil John Arthur Howard. Howard is the brother of the Earl of Suffolk.
GUIDE BOOK to GOOD VALUES
SMALL TOWN EDITORS Editor, ot small town papers meet a lot of people. In spite of the fact that a good 60 per cent of these people want to sell him something, he learns a little about a great many subjects from conversations with callers who find It considerably easier to gain access to the office of a small town editor than the holy of holies occupied by editors of metropolitan ptibllca-tins.—Lindsay Post.
that "In the good old days” people didn’t fuss so much about what they ate and were no worn off for It, Miss Davis quoted an article in the Journal of the American Dietetic Association, which stated that in Charlotte Bronte’s day school children were too weak to take physical training because they were fed inadequately. Many diseases attributed to the wrong diet have been wiped out by modern medics! methods, and now the problem Is how to choose foods which are not deficient In food values.
In this day there are fewer natural foods. Miss Davis said, and more are manufactured. But many of the artificial brands are deficient in nutritive value, even though they are more pleasing to the taste.
"We can’t trust our tastes any more,” the specialist in home economics told the co-eds, “we-ve got to learn what we should eat and why.”
Canada's Greatest Highway Project
# When you plan a trip abroad.
C
a guide book, and
you can ta figure ont exactly where you warn# to go, how long you can stay, and
the
Road Connecting Peace River District With Great Slave Lake Will Soon Be Under Construction Long.
what it will cost you.
' # The advertisements in this paper are really a guide book te good vaines. If ybu make a habit of reading them carefully, y#e cam plan your shopping trips save yourself time, energy and
400 Miles
Supplementary estimates announced by the British Government included an appropriation of $446,560 for participation In the New York World's Fair,
"Not wisely, but too well" . . .
never
Ferdinand, the bull who learned to fight, is giving children a false idea of bulls in general. They see a Ferdinand in every snorting, pawing, tearing bovine. Tell them it’s a dangerous animal, they don’t believe you. They know different, knowing Ferdinand.
So if your little child is gored this summer while proffering flowers to some fierce bull in a pasture field, you can’t say we haven't warned you.
Final sanction was given last week by Federal Resource Minister Crerar to the construction of a winter traction road connecting the Peace River division of the Northern Alberta Railways with Great Slave Lake, almost 400 miles farther north.
This will be the greatest roadway of its kind in Canada. It will serve the purpose of a railway and tractors drawing 10 or more trailers wWl ply along it.
To Radium Mines Departmental officials expect that next year the pitchblende concentrates from Eldorado Mines, gold concentrates from the Yellowknife Mines and the fish from Great Slave Lake will be hauled to the railway over this road.
SAFE DRIVING—JUST BRAINS Safe driving is not a mechanical problem—although the mechanics of safety must be enforced. It la primarily a problem of the human mentality. It is not a question of stronger metals or safety glass or brakes or laws or penalties. It Is purely and simply a matter of brains. Death lurks, not In the mechanism of the automobile nor what we are pleased to Call "dangerous crossings”. Death lurks IS the human Sun.
MORE CIGARETTES FOR YOUR MONEY

mm

PREPARE FOR PEACE: Colonel Tchou, dynamic former secretary to China's Chiang Kai-Shek, speaking in Toronto last week made a significant statement which it would be well for uj Wester* democracies to think o\er. He said: ” - oil'll never achieve peace by preparing for war; you must prepare for peace !”
HELD UP: The British North America Act can become one of greatest barriers to social progress in the Dominion unless *11 the nine Provinces agree to cooperate for th i common good. That, In fine, was the substance of a speech by Hon. Norman Rogers, Minister of Labor, to the House of Commons last week when he announced that the Federal Government is prepared to introduce a bill for instituting unemployment insurance in Canada.
Other countries have unemployment insurance. Why not Canada? Because the B.N.A. Act leaves loopholes open fo: the provinces to set up howls each for their own particular rights. And reform is blocked.
THE WEEK'S QUESTION: Why are automobile insurance rates in Ontario going up the first of this month? Answer: There has been * marked increase in public liability and property damage claims t he past year. The increased speed limit, too, tends to make each __ cident more costly. (Incidentally, fire insurance rates on cars have been substantially reduced).
on
Vancouver
More Orchards Being Planted
<
P
Homemaker Should Understand Drugs
Dean R. 0. Hurst of the Ontario College of Pharmacy recommends pharmacy aa a course of study for girls, especially those contemplating marriage. .
"The course in pharmacy Is of exceptional practical usefulness. No other college course contributes quite so much knowledge useful to the wife and mother. Even In such arts as baking or cookery, understanding of the principles of pharmacy Is invaluable. It is especially valuable to the mother of a growing family, improving her knowledge and judgment in the care of children.”
QUfOtetU
*JoimccA
EXTRA MILD .
Production Of Fruits In Dominion Ha# Been Showing An Upward Trend In Recent Years.
PACKAGE
For the return trip food supplies and construction materials will be hauled north. It will furnish a direct connection between the mining fields and the farm lands around Fort Vermilion in Northern Alberta and the Peace River districts.
Although the distance was less from McMurray to Great Slave Lake, it was decided the Peace River route was preferable because the country over which it would pass is more level.
% IB. TIN SSc
Production of the more Important fruits in Canada have been showing an upward trend in recent years, according to the Agricultural Situation and Outlook for 1939, Issued by the Dominion Departments of Agriculture and Trade and Commerce. In the case of apples production has been Increasing steadily since 1926 and the 1938 crop, while only slightly higher than that of 1937, was more than 15 per cent, above the previous five-year average. Heavy new plantings In recent yean Indicate that the upward trend in production may be expected to continue for some time. The fact that apple production fluctuates greatly from year to year as a result of weather conditions makes it difficult to forecast the price outlook of this product In advance. Shipments of apples both In barrels and In boxes for export were sharply higher In the fall of 1938 than In the previous year.
McIntosh Reds Lead Thirty-three commercial nurseries reported to the Dominion Department of Agriculture on sales of trees during the year ended March 31, 1928. Apple trees led the list at 441,187, two-thirds of which were winter vrrleties. McIntosh continues to lead all other varieties for planting. Other sorts that continue to be popular are Duchess, Mvba. Yellow Transparent, Fameuse, Wealthy, Cortland, Delicious and Spy.
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
\
• H
P
I
Z1
Co-eds Are Told What To Eat, Do
9
9
99
# S.
The

••
Saner Food And Less Cosmetics Urged By Mis. Davis to Class At University of Western Ontario—“Can’t Trust Own Tastes”.
BOOK SHELF
e
By ELIZABETH EEDY
m
\*
"SKI ING FROM A TO Z"
By Walter Amstuts
You don't read this book. You look at the pictures. Each page carries five or six photo illustrations taken with a high-speed camera which analyse for you every ski-ing movement in all essential phases. Individual details can be studied at leisure with the help of the printed explanation at the side of each picture. As a handbook it is excellent.
Mr. Amstutz' book is the result of the careful study of a lifetime spent on skis. Both the beginner and the expert will benefit from what he has to teach.
"Slti-iag from A to 27* ... by Walter Ametuti . . . Toronto: Oxford University Press , • • $1.50.

V
i.
One teaspoonful of cod liver oil contains as much bone-building vitamin D as 1.500 servings of Spinach, Miss L. M. Davis, instructress in home economics, told a class of co-eds at the University of Western Ontario last week.
"Cokes and chocolate ban are the modern adolescent's diet,” she deplored. "There are 30 food elements necessary to a well balanced diet, and we cannot live and retain our health without them. A little less money spent on cosmetics and a little more spent on the right kind of food would mean a lot to the average beauty of th- American woman. "
Diseases Due To Wrong Diet
Refuting the common impression
i
ff
7
a
ft
Testing Cattle For Tuberculosis
£
Ontario Breeders Ask Federal Government to Speed Up the Work — Many Farmers Under Serious Handicap.
>5»>*/£»
H
Many communities In England are limiting dance hours to midnight.
The Dominion Department cf Agriculture was urged in a resolution adopted at the annual meeting of the Ontario Cattle' Breeders' Association to "speed up” the work of testing cattle for tuberculosis.
The resolution, adopted after W. P. Watson of the livestock branch, Ontario Départir3nt of Agriculture, told the meeting that at the present rate It would require 24 years to complete and test "n this province, declaring that many Ontario breeders were under a serious handicap in marketing cattle.
Important To Cattle Business
Mr. Watson, presenting a report on tuberculosis testing in Ontario, said the work k jan 12 years ago as a health measure but now was a • most Important” factor to the entire cattle business. He added that there are 800,000 cattle In areas under test in Canada and l.SOd,-900 In other areas.
Petitions for tuberculosis testing have been circulated fn aU counties In the province except Renfrew and the county council there now le working on the proposal, he said. It was hoped to have all counties la Southern Ontario •! year In fa
"À masquerade ?	•
By L. Frank Baum
WONDERLAND OF OZ

« *

isi



U
;

i
*

;
«*

a
The weather .Is always beautiful
ta Os, and this morning the air waa
cool and the sunshine delightful In
about an hour they came to n place where another road branched off. There wee a sign poet here. too. Oh. here Is where we turn/’ sa»
£s*s? asrs
asked the Captala General. "Tee, thought we would enjoy the ee. They are said to be
M ren’led Dorothy,
Dorothy and her fellow travellers rode away from the Cuttencltp village and follower! the Indistinct path aa far as the sign post Here they took the main road and again proceeded on their Journey. WMZ 7M nlng cam# they stopped at a dwelling and were welcomed and given food and good bode for the night. Early next morning, however, they were up and eager to start, and after n good breakfast they7^^* their host good-bye and climbed Into the red wagon.
The First and Foremost, beautifully arrayed, addressed the others: “It Is time we went into the world
Lmd brought sorrow to Its people. While we have remained here many nations have grown happy and pros-i >roui. It le lucky that the m ;’n;* « a me to remind us to make trouble. We will use the tunnel to conquer Os, then we will destroy the gnomes and their allies and afterward go out to ravage and annoy the whole
Uuph was very glad to be permit-d to go with this promise of me from the First and Fore-Tu« owl-man led him back down the mountain path and ordered the scarlet alligator to crawl away and allow the gnome to cross the bridge In safety. After the visitor had gone, a brilliant and gorge-
n the moun-
M ' il:	f
most
hen eve-
oue city appeared upo ¦ I tsln top. clearly visible to the «
dressed multitmitât lived tl
Osma Fuddl Interesting
very
1 up t
n a
Of
of the gaily Fhanf

I* i • m
of t
n « •

###PAGE###8###
ton, Marion Smytb, 1 ; Helen Wickent, 1. Over 50 per cent—Jean Elliott, 3 ; Bernice Fletcher, 3 : Karl Garret y t 4 ; Lois Hayea, 3 ; Marion Wright, • ;
I Walsh, 8. Under 50 per cent— Veda Beattie., 5 ; Mae Murray, 6 ; Melba Mulligan, 3 ; Noreen Shore, 4 ; Del’s Tippina, 6 ; Relia Young, 5 ; Mirgaret Young, 2 ; Myrtle Stephen, 7.
Grade 1
Over 80 per cent.—William Mulligan, Nancy Boole, Kenneth Wilson. Over 70 per cent— Joyce Findlay, Mayfred Horner, Helen McNeilT, Velma Mcl'hee, Beth Taber. Over 60 per cent—Lois Boland, 1 ; Bert Clem men*, 1 ; Grace Carty, 1 ; Inez Dean 1 ; Shirley Dods, 1; Audrey Fulford, 1 ; Norris Hanna, 2 ; Myrtle Hodgins, 1 ; Shirley Horigins, Eleanor Kilgour, Evelyn Kilgour, Elaine McDowell. Over 50 per cent—Dorothy Caldwell, Helen Corrigan, 8 ; Leslie Dods, 3 ; Elaine Horner 1 ; Raymond Lynch, 1 ; Ronald Masson, 3 ; Under 50 per cent—Helen Mac Lean, 3 ; Lionel Hanna

High School Exam Results for
Third-quarter
son held in the esteem end a lier tion oi hie many friends and acquaintances,
Mies M. MAoNaughton
Miss Margaret MacNaughton, well-known resident of Buckingham, died at her residence there on Wednesday in her 87th year,
tier death will be widely mourned by a host of friends in the district.
Born at Fort Coulonge Miss Mac Na ugh ton lived practically all her life in Buckingham and was an active worker for St. Andrew s Presbyterian Church. She was iatetl with several organizations of the church.
She leaves to mohrn her death sister. Mrs. Lenaghan. and brother, Hector, of Bucking ami several nephews and
Clearing Sale of Stanfield’s
High Quality Underwear

Robert
Figure after name denotes number of failures.
iKBlilQÆUIi
Grade 1
cent—Norah Bailey,
e
Over *90 per	.
Beulah Cotie, Claire Harris, Robert Horner, Charlie McDowell, Joan Mac farlane, Lola Murray, Joan Nurse, Edgar Svhwartz. Over 80 per cent--Dora Angus, Lois Barber, Joseph
Bel she r, Wesley Boston, Marlene How-
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦^¦¦gFay Noung,
#u-
WRITE
B B
NOW
;
atts r#
area to be
roofed, patched or repaired. Council Standard "Tite-Lap” metal roofing is a sound, per- A manent investment. ^
Absolutely weather-tight. Greatly reduces
SOLD ON A 25 YEAR GUARANTEE \
Prices now are lower because of Sslee Tm ment.
Red Label, Pure Wool, Combinations
Regular;$3.50 for 82.96
Over 70 per cent
art!
asset
Gold Label Combinations
Hay Young
Grade 2
Over 90 per cent— Beverley Bailey, Clifton Campbell, James Canty, Eddie Craig, Dalton McKay, Phyllis Smart, Margaret Smith. Over 80 per cent— Sammy Howard, Ralph Lathem, Earle Younge Over 70 per c^nt—Nelson Angus, Ada Horner. Over 60 per cent. —Wayne Telford.
Regular $2.75 for 82.26
one one 1mm,
111V t ‘t1 **
The funeral was held on Friday from her home to St. Andrews cemetery The service ducted by Rev. Donald Nicholson

Gold Label Shirts and Drawers
Regular $1.60 for 81.26
Green Label, Pure Wool, Shirts and Drawers
Regular $1.15 for 95 cts.
was con
Eastern Steel Products
Grade 3
Teachers Wanted
Floating Islands Made ggggggPlaited Stick Rafts
Most of us are familiar with that phenomenon, the Hanging Gardens of Babylon. Less famous, but still spectacular, are the Floating Gardens of Mexico City.
According to an article in Horticulture, a tribe of Indians attempted to establish themselves on land already occupied. This happened many decades before the Spaniards came to Mexico. The ancient band, unable to settle among the unfriendly natives, decided to make their home on a neighboring island
To accommodate their growing people, they constructed other islands that floated about on the lake. The “floating islands" were made plaited rafts of sticks and vines. The interlacing twigs formed a mat, which they covered with a layer of earth. Thus, their home became a green, growing craft which could be moved about at will with the aid of poles.
The new settlers planted their trees and crops and built up a civilization of their own. As time passed, the tree roots on the moving islands stretched down and anchored themselves.
The islands are stationary. They alive with colorful flowers and green plantings. Tall trees make a striking silhouette against the sky. Mexicans row to the islands to gather brilliant blossoms, later to sell them to inland visitors. Although the islands are fixed, they are known by the title of Chinampas or Floating islands.
Over 90 percent—Marie Hobbs, Raymond Rowat. Over 80 ver cent— Inabel Barber, Ann Campbell, Lenora Howard, Norma Wilson. Over 70 per cent — Laura Howard, Erma Kelly, Betty Nurse, Ralph Peouegnat. Over 60 per rent—Sterling Hobbs, 1 ; Harold Howard, 2; Harold E. Howard, 1 ; Elizabeth McGregor, 1 ; Kenneth Murray, 1 ; Dora Smyth, 3 ; Ethel Young, 2. Under* 60 per cent—Irene Allan, 2 ; Clayton Lafromboise, 5; Robert Spence, 5 ; Beverley Corrigan.
Grade 4
Fleece Lined Shirts and Drawers
Regular 90 cts. for 69 cts.
Buy Now and Save at These Reduced Prices
r \
on
Factorial #l#u tit Preston ntvi
Applications will be received by the undersigned up to six o'clock p.m , on Saturday, March 25th, 1939, for teachers for Clarendon Rural Schools and for the Elementary Grades in the Shawville High School
Meetings of Ottawa Valley Tourist Bureau Held
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and 'Haberdasher
JOHN A DEAN,
Secretary-Treasurer
During the past week meetings to boost interest in the Ottawa Valley Tourist Bureau were held in several centres in Pontiac
Count
Notice of Meeting
. "Dunrnn W. Johnston, for publicity oflicer for the National Parks Commission, gave addresses on ‘The Romance ot the Upper Ottawa Valley ’ describing in picturesque and vivid language the tourist possibilities which Pontiac and Renfrew counties can
The speaker reviewed in detail many of the incidents which have occurred on the Upper Ottawa
The films, loaned by the Motion Picture Bureau of the Trade and Commerce Department to the Ottawa Valley Tourist Bureau, special approval from tba
audiences in each town.
Mr. Johnston was accompanied on his round by Mi. Thos. J. Moor* head, of Bryson, who outlined the work accomplished by the Bureau to date and plans for the future.
Mr
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given that a Public Meeting of the Electors of the Municipality of Clarendon will be held in Hynes* Hall on Monday, March 27th, 1939, from 9.00 a.m. to 6 00 p.m. for the purpose of approving or disapproving By-law No. 93, a copy of which appears elsewhere in this issue.
J. A. DEAN,
Sec.-Treas.
mei
Over 90 per cent— Beverley Harris. Over 80 per cent—Jean McKay, Claire Ronniek, Marjorie Smart, Desmond Hodgins, William Thompson. Over 70 per cent—Fijf »ilcDowell| Mbeic Me-Tiernan, Roy Judd, Clarence Kilgour, Millar Shore, Junior Young. Over 60 per cent—Harland ArmitAge% 1 ; Eckard Way, 1 ; Norris Young, 1. I nder 60 cent—Melvin Harris, 2 ; Robert McCredie, 4.
Shawville Bakery
on
per
Tattooing Poultry
GRADE 5
Over 80 per cent—Dale Thomson. Over 70 per cent—Shirley Judd, Ron a Howard, Allen Young, Lyndon Walsh, Shirley Hodgins, Roderick McDowell, l ; Clarence Shore. Over 60 per cent— Milton Hodgins, Susie Barber 1 ; Mona Armstrong, 1; Hubert a W ay, 2 L nder 60 per cent— Clarence Cuthbertson, 5; Clayton Corrigan, 2 ; Beverley Allan, 1 ; Roberta Dale, 4.
For a tasty loaf try
The Clarendon Farmers’ Club wish to advise Poultrymen of the district that they are co-operating with local branch of the Provincial Police to curb poultry thieving in the district. A poultry tattoo register is being prepared. Please apply to the Secretary for particulars.
CLAUDE ELLIOTT,
Secretary Treasurer.
won
Shawville Bread
are
St. Andrew's W. M. S
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
Grade 6
Over 80 per cent — Ruth Hodgins Shirley Sly, Dorothy Smith, Lionel St ore v. Over 70 per cent—Isobell Corrigan,*Joan Corrigan, Shirley Corrigan, Grant Gibson, 1 ; Muriel Hams, Dorothy Hobbs, 1 ; Margaret Horner, Irene Howard. Betty Pequegnat, Buddy Rowat, Jean Smith, Eleanor Turned. Over 60 per cent—Merle Barber, 1 ; Helen Dale, 1 ; Ormie Elliott, 2 ; Weldon Hobbs, 2 ; Belva Hodgins, 1 ; Hewett McCredie, 2 ; Ronald McCredie, 1 ; Eldon McDowell, 1 ; Cecil McTiernan. Over 50 per cent- Melvin Strutt, 3; I va Swartz, 3 ; Fern Woolsey 3. Under 50 per cent—Dorothy Way, 7.
Grade 7
The \V. M. S. of Bristol United Church was held iu the Manse on Wednesday, March 1st, with a good attendance. The president. Mrs. W. J. Murray took the chair.
The meeting opened by singing hymn 380 — "Where Cross the Crowded Ways of Life. Silent
were offered, the presi
Farm For Sale
One of the most desirable Farms in
Beautiful
the Township of Fitzroy brown stone house, good large outbuildings, good fences and very heavy rich soil. Situated on Highway 17.
Apply to
J. A ARMSTRONG,
Strip Mining 6f Coal Is
Common in Some Sections
Strip mining is a method of coal ning that is employed extensively in some parts of the country. It de-its name from the manner
prayers
dent leading the thoughts by suggestive sentences.
Mrs. Hailey read the/‘Parable of (beat Surprise found in Mate. 23 : 31—40. Mrs. Murray giving comments on the parable, also “the prayer of a lonely city woman.
Mrs. H H. Walsh gave a most interesting and informing interpretation of the fifth chapter ot the "World iu Canada.”
Mrs. Sales vend a poem "The Greatest Church in all the Land.
Rev. C. A. Sales led in prayer for his congregation that it may fully meet the needs of the community it seeks to serve.
The roll call was answered with cripture verse beginning with
it y| *»
in April the answer to the roll call will bo one our Lord's parables.
Aftei a business period hymn ,300—41Work foi the Night is Com-
Mrs. Murray CiOl
DALE’S TINSH8P
Insurance & Real Estate, Arnprior, Ont.
m.
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
rives
in which the top soil is stripped off the surface to permit excavation of ¦ This method of getting coal out of the ground is used when the
ES
drive a shaft into the ground and ris McDowell, Rachel Lafromboisp, John creek running acroea it. Situated on
Bazaar »dom " -	’o^ïïïUiEto semuffirjg
Technological improvements in Storey, Roland Rennick, 1 ; A era Tur ot Braeaide. An ideal Lean n the equipment used in strip mining ^etf. 2 ; Inez Swartz Over 50 per cent inghoga, chickens, bees and '^etab.es. have given the industry new life in —Kenneth Judd 3. Under 50 ;»cr cent - A beautiful place for a Sommer home recent years. Highly mechanized Allan Black, 6 ; Gerald Strutt, 6 ; [or town nr city dwellers. Should you operations permit the removal of joyce Lathem.	be koking fw a location such aa the
the top soil at relatively small cost,	Grade 8	above, do not fail to look thib me over
after which the coal is excavated 0m go	ccnt—Clara Zuntheimer	Apply to
and loaded into surface cars or Qw|, 80 cent — Claire Draper,	W. G. MacLean,
,he "!h,ne	,2rïJ!S£ - «*• A-r*.°“-
The principal equipment used is j Eileen Campbell, Wbel Currie Mills, an excavating machine for stripping	Carence Dagg, 1 ; Gerald Dagg, 1 ;
the soil off the coal and a smaller	p;nje Farrell, Grace Fletcher, Lois	_
excavator for loading the coal. The	Oarrcty, Mary Griffin, 1; Margaret	\i D
cost of the equipment is relatively	Hanna, Annie Henderson :	Kingsley	Corrigan-- In loving memory	Mr.
high but labor costs are small in Smyth, W. Wilson, Hilda Young. Over frank Corrigan, who passed away proportion.	60 per cent—Edna ArmeUong, 1 ; Vrqiv February 18th, 193*.
-	I	,	.	.	With the proper equipment it is	hart Campbell, 1 ; Nora Corrigan, 1 ;	Loving and kind in all her ways
joined	with	relatives in paying profitabic to go down 50 feet for a	Liu Dagg 1 ; El ma Dale, 2 ; Cedric	Vpnght and just to the end of her
ü'ü?-êrÉ5d i SS53SES'
Tiv»id»y^February0SSthfand was	----------- Tugmsn. 2 . Ma,burn Walsh 1. Over	Sistêrh, of N.aoara Fall.
,rr,5piewss	ksn u°d"^w-**M",h^
rnmm tesii
gssaz
Active in Church affaire, he was	Over 60 per cent—Evelyn Armstrong. 1,
an Elder in the Presbyterian	 ?	Grant Eades, Laura Hama, 2 ; Ray
Church at Campbell Bay and SHAWVILLE CO-OPERATIVE Hobin, Rebecca Hobbs, Elsie Hodgins, after union in Bell Street United	UATPHPPY	Keith Hodgins, 1 ; Lorna Hodgins,
Church, Ottawa.	EBIWWI	Velma Hodgins, Eleanor Horner, Marion
The funeral service was held in	--- Lester, Dora Mayhew, 3 ; Donald Me
the United Church, Campbell a Poultry farmers should buy Dowell 2 : Reta McKay, Orma Smiley,
Bay, by Rev. E. G. Warren, as their chicks at ShawvilleiOo-opera- \yanace, Joyce Young. Ov»r 60 sisted by Rev. Donald Andrews, of tive Hatchery this Spring. The ccnt—Anna Griffin, 2 : John Kooz,
ïnrss g? STdSffS «1 f= Vi”- *-* ‘ « “¦ W”
daughters, Mr. Geo. E. Fumerton, following breeds — Baried Rocks. *•	ni.n, 10
of Fort Vouk)age ; Mrs. Harold «kite Leghorns and New Hamp	. „	n .
Taylor, 14 McDougall Ave., Ottw ,&|re Reds. Foundation stocks Over 80 per cent-Marguerite Grant ; Mrs. Jessie Red ford, 144 Oak are from superior strain». Each Muriel Mnrpby, Ixnbei Sly, Gweneth crest, Toronto; his son, John breeding flock supplying egg. ba« Shew, Gilbert Walsh, Hilda Wallace.
Stevenson, 1417, 9th Street, West, been carefully culled. All female Over 70 per cent— Dora Beattie,
Calgary, Alta., and one brother, bird* in breeding pens are mated Qele0 Bretxlaff, 1 : Clarence Bretihff,
Dngald, Minneapolis, Minn.	to R O P. cockerels, originating , . Helm. Bretxlaff, Brace Findlay,
Pall bearers were. Messrs. Ernest from high producing stock. All	Pokes, Ira Homer, In. Harris,
Stevenson, Joseph Belanger, David breeding flocks supplying eggs are gbirley Horner. Isabelle Smith Over Lnnam, Harold Smith, Delacy blood tested.	A . .	60 per cent—Elisabeth Argue. 1, Irrioe
tribut. Æïi
testified to the pi see Mr. Steven--9
BLOCK OF LAND FOB SALE
coal
A block of land, containing approxi
Maple Syrup Equipment
an
Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment ? If not, do so now I as this is the time of year we make up supplies. Give us your order
now ! we can supply you with :
Pans, all sizes
ft S
m g was sung ed the meeting with prayer.
A happy social hour was spent before leaving for home. The next meeting will be held on April 5th, at 2 o’clock, p. m.
Sap Cans,
Maple Syrup Cans, Evaporators
In Memoriam
Iron Coolers,
Spoils,
Honour Memory of Archibald Stevenson
Old friends and acquaintances
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Reductions on
Memorials
Jergens Lotions
Smooths and Penetrates
in .
Marble and Granite


It is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory of a loved one.
We believe that our yean of experience in the manufacture of memorials, enables us to produce a suitable memorial at all prices.
23 cts.
Per Bottle
2 for 45 cts
BRAY (HICKS
ikt ¥£^f

Made in Canada
We offer on any order
placed between now and May let,jk discount of 10 per cent.
j
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mrs. M. G. Howard


Shawville
Marble â Granite Wtrhe Main Street, ShawvWe, fne.
Main and Centre Eta
SHAWVILLE. - QUI.
G. HAROLD BOULTON

BRISTOL. ODB

>
V
r
