###PAGE###1###
I
I
<
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the UnltcdStatea
i
PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, MARCH It. 1940
SHAWVILLE,
No. 38, 57th Year
COWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
MARRIED
PERSONAL MENTION

The Ladies* Uurling Club will hold a Te » at the club room on Friday afternoon of thi* week at	e
three o'clock, Admission, 15 cent «.visited relatives in town lor a few
days this week.
Shawville Hardware
I
Mrs. Robt. Hammond, of Aylmer
Arthurs Millar
A quiet wedding was solemnized by Hev. F. S. Milliken, at his residence, 238 Argyle avenue, on Saturday, March 9th, 1910, at I o’clock of Mai joiie McKinley Millar, youngest daughter of Mr?. Millar and the late Harry Millar, of Ottawa, formerly of Shawville, to Frederick James Arthurs, only son of Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Arthurs, of Ottawa mon y
trip to Ste. Marguerite in the Laurentians.
384 Maclaren street, Ottawa.
The Ladies’Guild of St. Pauls Church will hold a supper in the Mrs James Sparling, of Camp Theatre Hall; on Tuesday evening, bell’s Hay, is visiting at the home March 26th, from « to 8 o'clock. |of her son, Mr. Allan Sparling Admission, 35 and 20 cents
Corser Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
0g
ihe Çenuine
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest?and modern in Ontario school with an established reputation. Open all year.
Mr. Ken Smyth, of Ottawa, Mixed Danc k - Under the I «pent the- week endI at the home auspices of Adina Rebekah Lodge, oi his mother, Mrs. F. G. Smyth
Th%^	w2r,nd 1ln.rthemihïmePeS her
night, March fctli. Good mime. L|8tere Mrs Albert Morin, at
Refreshments nerved.	Campbell s Bay.
Bristol Busy Bees Institute will Be(.anse of the j|)ne<H 0f the meet at the home of Mrs (#. H. Pa,tor# Mr. John Tolhurst con-H°]t(m on Friday afternoon, l^tih ducted the evening service in the
fees, and an original poem on how Mr? Patrick Gallagher, who the Institute has benefit ted during Upent the Winter months with retire past year.	| latives in North Bay, has return
ed to her home in Caldwell.
Sherw/ai ¦ Williams M	W '
emijustre
most Attend a
r
Following the cere-the couple left on a short
They will reside at
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
W. E. COWLING President
SATIN-ENAMEL
The sensational washable satin enamel for walls, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other stains wash off with soap and water. We have a full selection of the lovely pastel shades.
Mishner-Rosb
A quiet but pretty wedding was solemnized at the home of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mr?. Fred Hose, of Murrells, Que , at the noon hour on Monday, March 4th, 1940, when their daughter. Esther Hannah Ida, became the bride of Jay Gordon Misener, son of Mr. and Mrs. Hubert Misener, of Go-van, Sask. Rev. Thus. Ligget, of Portage Jti Fort, officiated.
The bride, given in marriage by her father, was becomingly dressed in a gown of air force blue miracle crepe.
The bride was attended by her sister, Miss Corenna Rose, who wore a dress of dove-rose crepe, while the bridegroom was attend ed by Mr. Walter Dee ring.
After the ceremony luncheon was served to a tew immediate relatives, after which the happy young couple left by train for their future hume in Westmeath. Ont.
JAMES A. MILLAR

s
r\£P"
B A. L.L L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Mcyle'i Hotel, Campbell*» Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon

School Holidays for Easter March 20th to 27th
Lt. Alex. Newton, R C A S.C., Montreal, formerly of the staff of the local office of the Rank of Montreal, spent the week-end with friends in town.
S See our distinctive
Wall Papers
Shawville High School and the Rural Schools of Clarendon, will close for the Easter holidays on Wednesday evening, March 20th,
%	, Miss Patricia McDowell has re-
nted re-open Wednesday morning, turned from King’s Hall, Corufe* March 27th.	I ton. Que., to spend the Easter va-
cation with her parents. Mr. and Mrs. G. G. McDowell.
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
Three Cornered Fight In Pontiac-Two Liberals and One Conservative in Field
Est. C. J. Caldwell
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Offk s-In the G. F. Hodgms Building Main Street, Shawville. Que.
Mr. Ernest Carrier
Three candidates were officially Conservative Candidate nominated at Ville Marie on Mon- Visited Shawville Last We^k day to content the general election on Tuesday, March 2b. They are :
Ernest Carrier, accountant, of Rouyn, Conservative and National Government Candidate.
Joseph K. Pic he, of Ville Marie, official Liberal Canadidate in the last general Dominion elections and Kx M L A., for Temiskaming County, Straight Liberal Candi date.
VV. R. McDonald, merchant, of Ch»|>eau, member of the last Parliament. Official Libeial Candidate,
j. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Mr. Ernest Carrier, of Rouyn, who was selected as the official Conservative candidate, for Pontiac County, to contest the forthcoming Federal election on March 2bth, was in town last Thursday evening to interview the executive committee for this section of the constituency,
Mr. Carrier, was accompanied by his official agent Mr. Camile Heanlieu, lawyer, of Rouyn. The candidate is about 50 years of age, and was in charge of relief administration in the northern section of the county
been a staunch Conservative and has had much to do with past campaigns. His only son is serving in a branch ot the Canadian Array.
Mr. Carrier expects to visit this
ms— «
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
: Campbell’s Bay, Que
(In Lawn Block)
Office
Mrs Ross Swartz Honoured
The Misses Barbara Wood ley and Idena Brownlee were joint hosieries at a nicely arranged pyrex shower in honour of Mrs, Ross Swartz, (nee Muriel Chamberlain) on Friday evening oi last week.
On Monday evening of this week Mrs. Swartz was the guest of honour at a miscellaneous shower, given by Mrs and Mrs. Bertal Stai k, at the home of the former.
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A., L.L.B..
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with bytcorrespondence
He has always
St. Andrew 8 W. M. S
Eckhardt Elliott
St. Andrew's United Church Women's Missionary Society met at the home of Mrs Russell, Bristol, for their March meeting at which there was a good attendance.
The opening devotional jreiiod meted by the president.
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-2219
(Rev.) A
Announcement
189 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
will not allow him to visit all poll ing divisions in this section.
Sympathie relatives and friends filled Zion Lutheran church, at Schwartz, Que., to capacity on Fi Way afternoon. March 8th, for the funeral of Leonard Ziiumer-ling. who died at Pontiac Community Hospital. Shawville, on Tuesday morning, March 5th, following a brief illne-s. Service wa< conducted by the Pastor, Rev. Kurt Sobbe.
Interment was made in the family plot in the adjacent cemetery. The pall-bearers, all young friends ot the decea-ed, were. Paul and El mus King, Fred and Hilgei t BretzlafT, Clifford Krose and
Wilbert Thoms.
Leonard Zimmerling was born in the township of Leslie 1‘3 years ago. the son of Mr. and Mrs. Vha< G. Zimmerling Possessing a very kindly and pleasing disposition, lie was gieatly beloved by all who knew him. and Ills untimely passing has caused widespread regiet and sorrow in the community in which he resided.
Besides his sorrowing parent», he is survived by five brothers, Theodore and Denzil of K a pu ska sing, Out, who were home for the funeral ; Eldon, Eric and Clarence, at home, and one• sister, (Hilda) Mrs. Ernest Vach, of Ladysmith, and many other relatives residing the district.
was com
Mrs. W J. Murray.
Through the energetic and generous efforts of some of the member-. two quilts are ready to be sent to Ottawa for the bale.
Easter thank offering envelopes were distributed find for the program Mrs. J. Dode gave an interesting chapter from the study book. The word “Rejoice” was chosen for roll call for next meet-
At Proudfout’8 Hotel, Campbell’s Bay
y Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p m.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m.

ever
Stark 8 Corners Woman 8 Association
The monthly meeting ot the Stark s Corners Woman's Association was held in the church hajl on Thursday afternoon, March 7, with the President, Mrs. Leslie Dean, presiding. About 27 mem hers and visitors were present.
The devotional part of the meeting was in charge of Mrs. J. J. Dagg and the hymn 11 What a friend we have in Jesus” was sung and the Lord's Prayer was repeated in unison. A poem “The Changed Life was read.
Of special interest was an apron contest in which 17 contestants took part. I were awarded to Mrs. J A Dean ami Mrs. John Cunningham.
Sunshine envelopes were received and amounted to $<>50. refreshments were served by Mrs. II. Wilson and Mrs. Clifford Fill-
ford.
D. J. CAMBPELL
An Invitation to the Ladies of Shawville and surrounding district to attend a
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
mg
> periods of silent prayer held followed by “The Hymn read in unison, and by Mrs. Murray which
Refreshments were served by the ho-tee-.
Two were of Peace
Phone 3 I,
!
prayer closed the meeting
Dp. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Special Pre-Easter Fashion Event
In Our Store
March 14th, 15th, 16th
Graduate of MeGill University	;
l>.,st Graduate Work in Detroit and j New York Hospitals	j
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell’s Bay from Friday-night to Monday night of each week
Shawville Women s Institute Elect Officers for Current Term
Substantial prizes
The annual meeting of Shawville Women's Institute was held at the home of Mrs. C. T Wilson, Monday evening with the vice president, Miss Irene Shaw, presiding.
The meeting opened by re*, ing the Institute creed and roll call was answered with an Irish recipe.
Gratifying reports were given on the past year’s activities by the treasurer and secretary.
The election of officers resulted
as follows	'
President, Miss Irene Shaw ; l«t vice president, Mrs Lawson Corrigan ; 2nd vice president, Mrs. L.
B.	Caldwell ; secretary, Mrs. A. Draper ; treasurer, Mrs Brough.
Standing committee — Miss W. McDowell, Mrs. C. T. Wilson, Mrs. N. A. Drummond and Mrs.-Jas. Gordon.	e ?
Program committee McDowell, Mrs. Edgar Hod g ms, Mrs C. H. MacLean and Mrs. H.
C.	Horner.
Delegates to p
tion—Mrs. W. E C. T. Wilson.
Dainty
on
>eat
Several Manufacturers are sending us for these three days only, complete showings of the latest styles in medium priced Ladies
the
Dp. R.E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
William Flood
Rev. E. G. Warren conducted service at the funeral of William Flood in St. Andrew’s United church, Campbell’s Hay, on Friday afternoon.
Mr, Flood who was in his 79th year, was a son of the late John Flood and his wife Kate Morbrick. He was born in Thorne, Que,, and years ago moved to the United States, returning about 10 years He had resided with his
609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE
PLATEAU 63 8 8
Peter Boisvert Dies At Bristol Mines
Coats - Dresses
Hats
Following an illness of several weeks, Peter Boisvert, passed away on Tuesday morning, March 5th, at liis home at Bristol Mines, Que
Mr Boisert, who is survived by Ilia wife, was a cook and for many years was employed in lumber camps and hotels of the district.
The funeral was held on Thursday morning to St Edward the Confessor’s Church, Bristol, where mass was chanted by Rev. Father Sullivan. P. P
made in the parish cemetery
D%. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
A. G
Don’t miss this opportunity to see what’s being shown for spring.
ago.
nephew, Albert Cole, lor some time.
Ho leaves besides his widow ; one daughter. Mis. W. Markus, Grand Calumet island; three sons, Henry, Christopher and Albert, at home ; three sisters, Mrs. John Ebert, Calgary, Mrs. Henry Reid. Renfrew; Mrs. Norman Acres, Campbell’s Hay ; one brother, Frank Flood.
Mrs. A
BEIAIR 3 267
>roviucial conven . Shaw and Mrs
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Interment was
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ANTS BUILDING
— C'ONVKNKRS —
Child Welfare and Public Health — Mrs. Hulbert Armstrong. Education and Better Schools—
Mrs. W. E. Shaw. , KW. , Canadianization and National Events—Mrs. A. McDowell. # Immigration and Colonization—
Mins L. Dab ms.	.
Canadian Industries—Mrs. R. A.
Hodgins.	.	. n
Home Economics — Mrs. J. It
McDowell.	,
Agricultural—Mrs. R W. Hod-
gins.
Legislation — Mrs Don gall.
Publicity—Mrs. B. C Horner,
At the close of the meeting re freshments were served by the hostesses, Mrs. Wilson and Mrs. Hulbert Armstrong.
Interment was made in the United church cemetery.
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
ONT
OTTAWA.
»N0NE, 2-7961
To Oar Subscribers
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone,
OTTAWA. ONTARIO
It would he a great favour to us if our subscribers would kindly look at the date label on their papers and, it they are in arrears or dated further back than 1939, send us the price of the time due Unforunately, paper, ink and wages have to be paid for spot cash and if we do not get the money in. it is hard to pay it out Look at the label on your paper and if any thing is due us, please remit at once.
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
i
G. A. Mc
119
SCIENTIFIC EVE EX AM! N AVIONS
Specialists on ail Visual and Muscular Eye Defects
T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
|lg; Optometrist
Quebec
Shawville

SHAWVILLE - QUE.
leg. Optometrist

#

###PAGE###2###
New Wealth In Our Peat Moss
Finland Uses
Two Tongues
“Flowing Gold" Vital to Germany’s War Machine
VOICE
,	OP THE
PRESS
NEWS


MM
'WV,
¦ M# MU
B. C. Diggers Look For Big Year as German Supply Cut Off
Little Swedish Is Spoken But Bilingual Signs Are Common
Despite the fact that less than 10 per cent, of Finland’s 3,800,000 people speak Swedish, the traveler la Suomi — internationally known as Finland—finds bis way pointed out to hint by bilingual signs. If ho has mail from the capital waiting for him in Turku it will bear a postmark with ‘Helsinki” at the top and the Swedish "Helslngfon," at
the bottom. And his outgoing otters will bear both the Finnish “Turku" and the Swedish "Abo."
BOTH NAMES ON STAMPS
Even in Lapland, bilingual signs persist on post offices and stores. Swedish and Danish are spoken In the Diet ki.
Stamps of the country bear the legend “Suomi" at the top anti Finland at the bottom. Maps show cities designated as both Viipurl and Vlborg, Pori and BJorneborg, Ham-eenlinna and Tavastehus, the latter alternatives being Swedish. But in the north place names are marked in Finnish only — Utsjoki, Nautsi, Virtaniemi.





PARADE






There’s a million dollars waiting to be dug up from the rich soil of the Fraser River delta — but don’t grab yotir shovel and start off on a prospecting expedition, warns Stuart Underhill, Canadian Prene staff writer.
Only established companies are expected to enjoy the current demand for North Americas» peat pronets brought about by the fact that the United States’ main sources of supply in Europe have been cut off by the war.

Dr. Nicholas Murray Butler, president of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, last week saw the conflict in Europe assuming a definite shape. As the war came to the end of its sixth month, he was able to predict the developments likely to manifest themselves during the Bext few weeks: "The Allies will Bot attack on the Siegfried line, which is almost impregnable, so long as the present policy lasts.
Neither will they violate the neutrality of Luxembourg, Belgium or Switzerland to turn the German defences on the west. Therefore Hitler will be able to maintain his position in the west with reduced forces, and turn his attention to taking over Hungary and Yugoslavia.” Russia’s next sphere of influence, he opined, would include eastern Rumania,
Bulgaria and Turkey. Should Italy decide to enter this combination as a third party, she would Bave to be satisfied with Dalmatia and some form of protectorate over Greece. To stop the Ger-
port, and maintain in high e	the wells	in	the	hills	(background)	and	refined	and	pumped	into	the
iency, their troops and materials	tank cars	on	the	sidings.	Rumania	has	ordered	her	already	large	military
throughout Albania, Macedonia,	preparations speeded up, following authoritative reports that Germany
Rumania and Asia Minor.	was challenging the government’s ban on export of aviation gasoline
To Spread Or Not To	I	to the Reich.
According to the Ciano family	#	__
newspaper, Italian higher-ups believe that Allied military inaction on the Western Front is all to the advantage of Germany — spread of the conflict would help I ets the Allies. Therefore, this news-theorizes, the Allies are


&
HOPE IT'S COMMON
And next year Canada comes to its census. — Brandon Sun.


g •
Sue*-.-
K

#
FELLOW FEELING
Any Canadian family living over a bowling alley would be able to sympathize with some of the smaller neutral countries in Europe living beside a battlefield that may expand at any moment. — Edmonton Journal.

IP


U S. IMPORTS MUCH
American peat imports m Uu8 exceeded $1,000,000 in value, ttuont f»u cent, of which came from Germany. Now British Columbia peat companies arc expanding production In hopes of cornering tins rich market.
Peat moss is greatly In ue In United States agriculture as * soil conditioner, poultry litter and as a packing for plants and vegetables.

parliament — at Helsiti-
ONTARIO POTATOES
There la one thing Ontario cannot boast about, and that is the yield of potatoes. This Province has the smallest out-turn per acre of any Province in Canada. Surely, it can't be the soil. — Farmer's Advocate.
per
,*<
$
:id
4 A4 4

m
IN BETWEEN ELECTIONS
Most of us show a certain mild interest in public affairs about election time and at other times wo remain indifferent, even though we know our indifference is costing us money. There are so many things to think about besides taxes, and most of the other things are more pleasant. — Vancouver Province.
BIG DEPOSITS IN CANADA Before it is processed, peat is sodden and the extraction of this moisture provides the biggest problem for producers. Digging takes place in lato winter and a wet spring and summer is Just one of the hazards of the business.
British Columbia probably has gone farther than any other province toward development of its peat moss industry. There are largo deposits on the prairies and in the Maritime Provinces, but as yet little headway has been made in th«*:r development.
Hydro’s 13,000
New Customers
Were Added During Past Year Through Development of Northern Mining Industry
KEYS IN CARS
The purpose of requiring drivers to remove their keys from the ignition is not to protect the property of the motorist, but to protect the public from the use of stolen cars in other forms of crime and to remove temptation from youngsters who may graduate from the stealing of cars to more serious offenses. — Toronto Telegram.
Development of the northern mining industry was responsible for an increase of 16 per cent, in the primary load of the Northern Ontario Hydro-Electric Power Commission, Premier Hepburn reported in his-budget speech in the Legislature.
trowel or rake are all the tools necessary. Other equipment consists of a few packets of seeds, perhaps a shrub or two. As our interest develops we can add more plants and flowers. Rules arc simple to master, the ordinary Canadian seed catalogue supplying all the essential data. As we become more experienced we can add to our garden library any of the many excellent government garden bulletins that are available in any province of Canada.
.	—o—
DOOR GARDENS In the garden at the kitchen door it is advisable of course to keep a plentiful supply of salad materials like head and leaf lettuce, onions and possibly celery. The latter is set out in the garden as well started usually after all danger of frost is over.
Trade, last week prepared the British public for further sacrifices in the new drive for world mark. "Frankly,” he said, "there will have to be further restrictions. In many cases they are bound to be drastic . .
• •
Add My Praise to Your à Grand \ Tasting * . Syrup k
paper
seeking a struggle with German forces in Scandinavia or the Near East.
During the fiscal year to end March 31st, more than 13,000 customers were added to existing districts, necessitating construction of 2.300 miles of primary lines. Special attention was also given to the serving of new rural territory in Northern Ontario.
113,000 ALTOGETHER
Tho Premier said the commission's 18,000 miles of rural lints serve about 113,000 customers, more than half of which represent service to individual farms.
For the coming year it was estimated 1.900 miles of primary line will be constructed at au expenditure of about $4,500,000. amount the province will contribute $2,250,000. In addition to the grant-in-aid, the province has advanced to the Hydro Commission $320,000 to enable it to make loans to farmers for wiring premises and obtaining electrical equipment.
t
MARIO
UTD00RS
Puck Chasers
Possibility of a general Europ-conflict spreading to include Scandinavian nevertheless became remote last week when Norand Sweden definitely ruled
can
1
BY VIC BAKER
more
way
out expeditionary aid to the Finns in their death struggle with the Russians . . . they chose to remain neutral at all costs . • . the eternal oil triangle between Rumania, the Allies and Germany remained unsolved last week . • • Rumania ordered military preparedness boosted to the utmost . . . Russia reported the Turkish army fully mobilized . . ? the week’s shipping losses at sea were the heaviest to date of the war; the Germans claimed 496 Allied and neutral vessels sunk in the past five months • . . German warplanes raided Britain’s east coast . the crews of the Exeter and Ajax (who crippled the Graf Spee) were feted and decorated in London . . . Allied warships off the coast near Murmansk, Russia, sank two German vessels . . . Speeches by Chamberlain and Hitler presented the two nations’ contrasting war aims . . . Great Britain advanced a loan to Iran . . •
TOPICS OF THE CURRENT HOCKEY SEASON
*
LUTHER SWAMP
The rivers of Southern Ontario are reported to be drying up partially because the Luther Swamp the natural reservoir of a
OFFICIAL FINAL STANDING fit. Catherines finished the Ontario Senior "A" schedule, this year with two wins over Port Colborne, defeating the Sailors 4-2 in Port Colborne on Monday, February 19, and repeating their success with a 2-1 decision over the Sailors in St. Catherines on Wednesday, Feb. 21. Toronto Goodyears defeated Varsity 4-0 in their all-Toronto challenge game for the Dr. R. G. Jackson Trophy. The game was played in aid of the Finnish Fund, and it drew 11,115 fans, the largest crowd to witness an amateur game in the Maple Leaf Gardens this season. Official final standing follows:
P W L Pts. 29 25	4	60
29 21	8	42
29	19 10 38
30	14 16 28
27	6	21	12
26 0 26 0
ARRANGE FOR PLAY-OFFS As soon as the semi-final series is concluded in both brackets, the final round between the two winning teams will get under way. team with the beet rating in the final standing has the choice of dates and of course the advantage of the extra home game.

area
number of rivers in Southwestern
has been drained. The
Ontario
Ontario Federation of Anglers is vitally interested in this project «nd a committee under the leadership of a well known conservation authority, Dr. Norman K. Douglas, re-
Hanrlc	I cently inspected the marsh and the
Ilallllo UatIVWai U | drainage ditches to see the possible
effect on the wildlife of that part of Ontario. The following is culled from their report.
About a generation ago swamp was drained Into the Grand River for farm lands but the land, being a peat bog, has proven unsatisfactory for agriculture. Hero Nature’s laws and schemes for flood control were interfered with because the swamp state was almost a complete barrier against floods. It actually held water for deep seepage rather than let it go as flood water on a wild rampage down the Grand River in the spring of the year, with its consequent devastation to agriculture, industry and game and fish life. The deep seepage water emerged more slowly and more ub:'irmly into the springs to make cool, even flowing streams the year round and to maintain a higher underground watertable.
WANT AREA REFORESTED
The Grand River Conservation Commission, composed largely of representatives from the municipalities throughout the Grand River Valley, has recently been organized to develop some scheme to prevent the damaging floods of spring, with its consequent water shortage in the summer and fall. Their recommendation was to have two dams built, one below Fergus and another at the main outlet of the swamp to restore the marsh to its natural state. The Fergus dam is already under construction while the provincial government has promised to build the upper dam next h\ miner.
The Ontario Federation of Anglers have also recommended that the Provincial Government nave this area reforested where feasible, and set apart as a wild life sanctuary and Provincial Park.
Of this
•ii
m
Turning Watch
à
I»

'in

Is Not Harmful To Your Timepiece Unless It Has Complicated Attachments
One way for home gardeners to make sure that enough vegetables are grown to meet the family’s needs is to write or sketch plans for the garden in advance of planting.
• •
this
WO
Bee Hive Syrup
Some books and articles state flatly that any watch may be set back as readily and harmlessly as it may be set forward. While this is quite true of a great many watches, there are exceptions to the rule.
For instance, watches with complicated attachment (such as striking, chiming, alarm, or chronograph attachments) should not be set back. Such watches, of course, are quite rare, and the average man-on-the-street would need no cautioning about turning the hands of his watch backward if a certain number of everyday watches were not included in the ban.
Goodyears St. Catherines Port Colborne Hamilton Niagara Falls
Bv Fred Nehev
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
in its natural
Galt
Mystery Mission
An important development during the week was the visit of Sumner Welles, U. S. Under-Sev-retary of State for Foreign Affairs, to Mussolini, Hitler, Chamberlain, Daladier. His journeys were fraught with mystery. Was be in Europe on a peace mission? Whom would he meet and talk with in Switzerland? What was in the personal messages from President Roosevelt that could have a bearing on the immediate future #f Europe?
/
The
\
I
vv.
I

\
*
TH

\
&
4m
Gardening
I
WATCH SECOND-HAND An easy way to tell if your watefc is on the "should not” list is to look at the second hand when you set the watch back. If the second hand hesitates, stops, or (in extreme cases) moves back, yours is a watch the hands of which should not be turned in a counter-clockwise direction.

¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
%
«
y/y/v'
////.77
/
/

ir
Economic War
Declaring that modem war is mo longer a fight merely between armies, but in reality a struggle between manufacturers and shopkeepers on both sides, in which exports were 4<the new British expeditionary force,” R, S. Hudson, British Secretary for Overseas
SIMPLE HOT BEDS
A hot bed for starting garden seeds early is usually prepared in early March. It consists of a bed of fresh manure, which supplies the heat, about 18 inches deep. On this, two or three inches of fine soil is placed and after the bed has heated up and then cooled down again (a matter of three or four days) the seed is sown in rows a few inches apart. The bed is protected by rough boarding along the side and on top, and sloping towards the South about 10 to 18 inches above the bed is placed a window sash well glassed.
Gardening is a universal bobby or recreation open to both sexes, to the old or young. A spade or
:>


"C7
r x
S’ yan
\
‘‘Sitzkrieg" War
\

x
The Royal Air Force last week was poking fun at Germany’s failure to wage a Blitzkrieg-—lightning war—against Britain.
In a memorandum pointing out that the Allies had obtained time to carry out their air development program, the R. A. F., referred to the war as a "Sitzkrieg”, which is translated as "sit-down war.”
MICKIE SAYS—



0
i
im
"BOS# ACE -REP,
violets Are blue, AND so Are vve
WHEN YOU POhTT RENEW,
©
'<v
i
9-/4.
. VsTvÆït.
!
7
; <C#Mrl#U l»V #, fra* Wafer 1
it. »
"Stay where you are, dear......I’ll push the garage over you! !”
> X
By GENE BYRNES
REG LAR FELLERS—Stand-Up Strike
•w
V
ft.
K
•* «%*
It-

m
=-,

X r don't need to
f CO ON a SHIP/THE
fiBBVKS/
HERE LOOKIT - THIS/ .
- r
now What kind
OF A SCREWY IDEA
%
DONT EVER SIT DOWN/ WAS YOU EVER ON A SHIP f
X I don't think^
f Jvruæsi/
1 ri*
% t
m
VHAT >
dope/.
â

7



\\x
i
i
\
Z
«
J&Ctf THE
v


><
ZJ
71

l
i
“ A
VI

7

:. ii


u r

*fz
n

%
Us
k z

•P* r *i* Pi rs»
1 PÜ u/frm
###PAGE###3###
very thoroughly in the cold water. — add to the raisin mixture, cook for several minutes, about five till all trace of raw starch has disappeared. Pour into pastry-lined nan, then sprinkle the top with a little finely grated cheese. Cover with pastry and cook minutes in oven, that is at moderate heat.
INDIVIDUAL CHICKEN PIES 18 small boiled onions.
1 cup cooked, diced carrots
\Vi cups cooked peas 1 i/j cups cooked, diced potatoes 1% cups diced, cooked chicken 3 cups tain, well seasoned chicken gravy or white sauce — salt 20 Christie's Milk Lunch Biscuits
S3
T
i
had the bedtime of the Thorvald serve ta to do with her?
Then she remembered the time Derek had stolen up to her apartment after midnight bring the news of Ernest Thorvald’s first visit to his studio — and some sandwiches and a bottle of Amontillado to celebrate the event about it all, boyishly triumphant having eluded the curiosity of
T

*0»
Blended For Quality
A
A
L
B


FF
£t/g£l

mr
K
L

S



E

?

absurdly secret

over
the second-floor back. . . . Derek was incurably romantic.
Constance laughed, threw an evening wrap over her entirely respectable lounging pajamas, nd slipping slier'' through the sleeping house, hurried toward the
By SADIE B. CHAMBERS
PIES OF FAVOR
Variety in pastry is just great an asset as any other dessert. It would be interesting. If a census really cot Id be taken to know the favorite pie. One part of the world is quite sure it is “Apple Pie", not forgetting the cheese. Then others again are sure that “Lemon Pic satisfies the great majority as the finest that culinary art can execute for the pie kingdom. But there is still a part of the world left, a hose opinion cannot be lightly discredited and these feel that “Raisin °ic" should hold the premium, anyway, here are my favorites:
PUMPKIN PIE
as
CIGARETTE PAPERS
NONE FINER MADE
Vt cup butter % cup water
Into 6 individual baking dishes put a portion each of the vegetables. chicken, seasoning and gravy. Roll biscuits fine and mix with softened butter and water. Spread a portion on top of each dish. Bake in a hot oven (450 degrees F.) until top is lightly browned. 6 pies.
grove.
The moon was high, and unbelievably white, lighting the distant
mountains with mystery and flood-
etch-
LOVE LAUGHS AT THE DOCTOR
AUTOMATIC
BOOKLET
DOUBLE
lug the valley with magic jog the vines about the house fn a dense black lace work against the walls, while each pale f
Active Sport
'JW-
creamy
er stood out in startling relief.
* As Const, nee sped along the fragrant hedge bordering the rear of the grounds, the sense of living In dream that had been with her all throughout the unpredictable happenings of the last twenty-four
hours still held her.
It seemed the result of some very strange miracle, after all these long weeks of hoping and doubting and almost despairing, that within a few minutes she was to be with Derek again — without either of them having lifted a finger to bring It about . . . Without Derek’s having lifted a finger to bring it about, she remembered soberly.
Perhaps it was having to remember that which gave her this very troubling sense of unreality, . s If she had bee- handed a treacherous fairy gift, which might vanish at her first attempt to touch it.
Then she saw Derek waiting for her, and forgot everything else in the joy of his nearness.
Copyright, 1936, NEA Service, Inc.
BY ELINORE COWAN STONE
Helps Figure
"Don’t tell me why. I know already," Constance cut in. her voice rising recklessly In a kind of triumphal chant, "because she’s likely to have a difficult day to-morrow."
She was rolling on now with the rising tide of hysteria, without chance of stopping herself, even If she had cared to try.
Well.
CAST OF CHARACTERS CONSTANCE MAIDWELL—her oine; the stand-in.
DEREK MANTHON—an artist who loved money first,
HILDEOARDE T H O R V ALO— Derek painted her portrait.
DR ROGERS—he met hie most
difficult case.
• * *
Last week: As a stand-in for Camilla Wynne, Connie spends her first day at the Thorvald ranch. Advised by the doctor not to take her acting too seriously, Connie Is about to reply scathingly when he speaks again.
Achieve That Longer Look Through The Middle by Taking The Right Kind of Exercise
READERS. WRITE IN!
Mise Chambers personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and is ready to listen to your pot peeves.” Requests for recipes or special menus are in order. Address your letters to "Miss Sadie B. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto.”
welcomes
a
2 cups canned pumpkin % cup brown sugar 1-8 teaspoon ginger % teaspoon ground cinnamon 1-3 teaspoon mace, nutmeg and cloves
\/% teaspoon salt.
The woman who is determined
“stretched
a
to achieve the new look" from top of hipbones to underneath the arms decides right now to go in for an active sport to revive her interest in one she has learned long ago but hasn't thought about in years.
If she lives in a cold climate she chooses between skiing and skating, both of which are wonderful for improving the posture and stretching the muscles of the
“I suppose,” she rushed on, “that overling when you are all
©very
through playing with your funny little test tubes, you say to the squirmy things in them. "Now just stop wriggling, my dears, and settle down for the night, because — ” "Will you get into your room and keep quiet” — with an apprehensive glance toward the door of the sick room, he advanced swiftly to-
"or am I going to have
2 eggs
IV* cups milk
Separate the yolks and whites of eggs, beat yolk well, add the sugar, milk and pumpkin. Next add the spices, and lastly fold in the well-
whites. Fake In hoi for ten minutes, then reduce
or
Canadian Girl
Air Mechanic
beaten egg
oven
heat to moderate for 30 min. When
with whipped cream
CHAPTER XVI
“You committed Miss Wynne to a rather large slice of humble pie, didn't you?" Dr. Rogers went on, his eyes coolly amused on hers. “I wonder whether she'll accept her dismissal so gracefully In her own person. Her ‘Jo-jo’s’ daddy has a lot of money, you know. However, from what I've heard of the lady's adventures in romance, she should be the last to question on one point at least. ... As you so wisely observed, No one can help not loving some one any longer.' ”
“It’s flattering to know you consider my philosophy sound," Constance said stiffly, and knew before the words were out how childish they sounded.
She was beginning to realize that her hands were cold, and that she tense and shaking with the strain of the past hours.
“I can’t help wondering," he went “whether your conclusions are based on observation or experience."
"Really?" Constance asked, didn't suppose there was anything left about me for you to wonder about. You've bad me under the microscope for quite a while. By this time you ought to know how to take me to pieces and put me together again."
His quizzical look faded, and he said with an abrupt resumption of brisk, professional concern, ‘ You’re terribly tired, aren't you? Now I think you’d better go to your room and let me arrange to have your dinner sent up. Then go right to bed and get a good night’s rest.”
Constance’s lip curled in angry amusement . . . Rest. When, somewhere in the house was Derek. And so much to be said between them.
He was going on. "I shouldn’t be surprised —" hut Constance Interrupted with dangerous smoothness. “You are about to say that you wouldn’t be surprised If I had another difficult day ahead of me?”
HE WAS SO FUNNY
Suddenly all the resentments and frustrations of the day flared up in a need to thrash about and hit out at some one.
“You don’t miss a single detail, do you doctor? Life to you Is an or derly pattern of nurses and obedient patients who trot off to bed when you send them, so that at dawn they may be up and doing — nice and adult, the way you L_ them "
Tearing at her throat she was beginning to feel an Irresistible urge to laugh and laugh and laugh. He was so funny — standing there with that look of Incredulous amazement In his eyes . .. Everything was funny — so funny that it hurt.
* I was about to say," he said very stiffly, “that I shouldn't be surprised if you wondered why Miss Thor-vald hadn’t shown up yet. I have an idea she’s going to be annoyed with ino tomorrow ; but as a matter of fact, I have given orders that she must sleep us long as she can. became —"
torso.
cool, cover sprinkled with chopped pecan nuts.
LEMON PIE
Seventeen-year-old Eleanore Kipp of Ottawa, Is First One to Get Her Hands Grimy at This Particular Job
SWIMMING AND TENNIS If tennis and swimming are quite out of the question, she does exercises which employ similar mo-
ward her to carry you in and hold you down In a tub of warm water?"
\ cup granulated sugar Vi cup Karo corn syrup.
4Vi tablespoons cornstarch (level) V/2 cups boiling water 6 tablespoons lemon juice 2 teaspoons grated rind
Constance brought
9 99
“—because, out on a high, triumphant note before he smothered her hysterical mirth against the shoulder of his coat, “ 'you may have a difficult
tiens.
Seventeen-y e a r-old Kipp, tail, blond, and with a yen for mechanics and flying, is the first woman to roll up her sleeves and get to work as a mechanic in the engineering room of a Canadian airport, according to officials of the Canadian Flying Clubs Association.
Now she is doing it every day at Uplands Airport near Ottawa, getting her hands as grimy other mechanic, her clothes
Eleanore
(To Be Continued!
When poison ivy grows in apple orchards there are apt to be more leafhopper pests, because the hoppers find the poison ivy a congenial host plant.
» 99
day tomorrow.
He picked her up unceremoniously. carried her Into her own room, and closed the door. For a few moments she laughed uncontrollably; then laughter gave way to tears. Wrenching herself free from his she dropped face downward the bed, and sobbed as if try-
3 eggs
1 tablespoon butter Boil the water and place in double boiler. Mix the cornstarch with cold water to make a smooth even paste. Add to boiling water, stirring thoroughly. Cook thoroughly for 15 minutes. Add lemon juice and rind. Beat egg yolks until creamy; add the sugar and jvrn syrup, mixing well. Pour over this the ornstarch and lemon mixture. Return to double boiler and cock for 5 min. Beat a few rounds with dover egg boater to insure perfect smoothness. Place in prepared pie shell. When partly cool, cover with meringue "iade from the egg whites
stiff (to which lias 1 tablespoon o[ Karo and one tablespoon
Roads
a
Roads will find their own way, given time.
Bring one to a climb
And leave it for a year or two, to weather ;
It wanders from the straight way altogether!
Bring one to a corner; let it meet
Another road; define it as street.
It turns aside just short tf crossing over
To tramp a footpath through the grass
hill and make it
NEW HAND-KNIT
STYLES for 1940
arms,
out
upon
Ing to release, In a few brief minute*, the pent-up tears of the last month.
as any
just as dirty and altogether having a whale of a time.
SERVICES ENGINES With four young men about her own age Eleanore is serving her apprenticeship as an air engineer. She spends her time servicing engines, checking individual parts, patching framework and tuning up planes for the eight provisional pilot officers of the Royal Canadian Air Force and civilian pilots who are being trained at the Air Field by Flying

J
THE SEALED LETTER When it was over, she looked up with a defiant, shame-faced stare to find Mark Rogers, standing over her, his eyebrows raised, his hands in his pockets, his lips pursed in a thoughtful whistle.
"Well/’ he said grimly, 'you win. You're a better doctor than I am, Ounga Din . . . You knew what you needed, and you went and did It. . . I wash my hands of you. Go to bed when you get damn good and
ready."
Nevertheless, Constance’s dinner served In her room that night,
-, ^ ?
was nervous
‘ t f
* *•
U w
a
on,
SO"
¦
£
kies

•v Æ


i
"1
m

beaten vor been added corn syrup of cornstarch ». Place in hot oven, watching very closely until an light brown.

and clover!


K

The country road we followed a; a child
Had in it something gentle, something wild,
Yet always kept the wild from growing greater
By ending in a doorway somewhere later.
The traveled road we follow now as men
Runs straight and wfile, and where it ends or when
We never knew, except it meets
oven
STYLE
BOOK No 16
RAISIN PIE
2 cups raisins (which have ueeu cleaned thoroughly and left soaking in hot milk.
1	cup granulated sugar
2	cups water
\t teaspoon salt 2 tablespoons cornstarch
2	tablespoons butter
3	table-spoons lemon juice 1 teaspoon vanilla
Cook raisins for ten minutes, then add the salt, sugar, lemon juice, cooking until the sugar is dissolved. Dissolve the cornstarch, mixing
25c
School instructors.
Miss Kipp is the daughter of a well-known Ottawa newspaperman and her family used to live in Winnipeg. When she left school last October nothing interested her much except airplanes. She found her way to Uplands and joined forces with the engineer-aspiring mechanics. It means getting up early to drive the 20 miles or so to the airport on time, but ever since the first of the year she has been on the job.



Hut t&f *
p s
was
and there she ate it.
She spent the evening hoping at movement in the hall that it

)Q*t	Of	PtV
lIMUtil. MCNIREi
THE Riuifiî KNITTING Mi
every
would be Derek coming to find her. It was very late, however, when a knock sounded at her door. When she opened the door, one of the Mexican servants stood outside
P
%
MX
a town
And still goes on beyond it, up and down.
ISSUE NO. 10—’40
with a note.
The senor Manthon, the man said, had told him that la ami de la casa wished this letter given to the Sen-
—Charles Ma lam. In Chiistian Science Monitor.
B
orlta.
"But I don’t understand, ”
stance said. "Who — ”
"La scnorlta Thorvald, the senor told me," the man explained with a half smile. "In English la ama de la lss meatress off the ouse.’’ Something in his look as he turnsomething furtive —
Con-
casa
fS tr POSSIBLE m/s NICE crisp cereal can do
WNAJ MEDICINES CANT?
ed away — puzzled and irritated Constance. It If he were secretly amused
was as
— tolerantly indulgent Spaniard and a man of the world, at the incredible lack of subtlety of these naive Gringos.
When Constance, glanced down at the sealed envelope in her hand she thought she understood. The envel-ono of the kind Derek babas the servant must
as a
2xv



liko



ope was itually used have known — had used ever since
she had known him.
She thought, How childish of Derek — and how utterly like him. But what possibl difference could It make [t the whol house knew he had written her a note?
“Connie, dear," Derek wrote. "At the back of the house Is a grove of fruit trees. I will be there at eleven. The servants will have gone to
bed by that time."
And what, Constance wondered,
&

It was my doctor who explained to me that common constipation is due to a lack of intestinal bulk. Kellogg’s AllBran supplies this needed bulk and also the intestinal tonic vitamin B . If you suffer, as I did, from this common type of constipation, you’ll find that this daily 'Ounce of Prevention’ is a lot pleasanter and more effective than dosing yourself with harsh cathartics. Just eat it regularly, either as a cereal or in delicious muffins, and drink plenty of water.” All-Bran is made by Kellogg’s in London, Canada, and sold in two convenient sized packages by all grocers.

«

mnu


S
!
*
"* “a

«



u:
pIF
i
i
I

4
<r|y

5-Inch Rom bud., DeRodll. si le/fe e. • eeled —¦ plot*, Hyecinth bloom, over 1 fool Ions,
¦MIL
tupply, just odd o little powder
V
;
Zy
*

VITAMIN N
(A
*mm &


m

W
4

¦Hi
V
ALL-BRAN

*

^Se°?lÜF
sssriAs?S.SBWfeo*w^
ISHINO RESULTS IN SIZE AND R ATE GROWTH.
ftfff—OUR BIO 1940 SEED AND NURSERY BOOK — Uttar Thoa Ivor
LV.
'


new
••Non ol P.ckafS
to tech
It I.
ON
will prepere 1,000 IMPERIAL GALLONS ol
(tpeciel hell pockefe 63c poetpeld). Ofd*< direct bom title edverti.estent.
OF
get your OUNCE OF PREVENTION EVERy DAy
tiEOROETOWN, ONTARIO
DOMINION SEED MOUSE
»

I
1

vAftiW


PMtA

»/ »

¦t
’

e
V

t ## W##4!
?


###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY
S
Mo\ed by Crs. Cotie and Caldwell, that Andrew Daley be appointed auditor for this municipality for the year 1040 —Carried.
a letter from Mr. J. M. Argue, who elected Councillor by acclamation in January last, was read to Council, stating that owing.to his work preventing him attending Council meetings re
,	u gularly, he would request the Council
and why do. wc take such care to run s ' ;nt anolher Councillor in Inin ’ and have regular‘-checkups of our ' I, was decided to request Mr. new cars and farm machinery ! It it, ^ t0 reconsider his decision, and because we want the longest safest and | the6matter was deferred until the next | most efficient service possible for the meet|ng
money spent. ...... I Moved by Crs Caldwell and Strutt.
Have we ever realized that the human thftfc th<# warbie.fly by-law be carried body is the most intricate and wonder- inlo effeet for 1940) md that the Conn-tul machine in the wor.d . Tor long, ^	tbe C03t 0f material as well as
safe and efficient service of these theC08t of app|ication.-Carried. machines, we would do well to act upon , The Counnil examined the Auditor’s The above mentioned principles in the rt fnr the yeftr m9u Moved by health supervision of our Canadian ^ Cotie acd Strutt lhat the Auditor’s
population.	.	report be- approved ar.d accepted.—
Compare the manufacturing process
of machines to the prenatal period of Motion_cN. Cotie and Strutt, to life. If each stage of this development aHjouro._.Carried. is carefully supervised by a competent doctor, assisted by a nurse, the expectant mother will be protected from the health hazards associated with pregnancy and childbirth. The infant, too, will make the most favourable start in
X
Hodgins Garage
To Meet Your Needs In Flour and Feeds
SHAW VILLE, MAR. 14, 1940
s
s
was
&
a
X
Where Should Health Begin ?
O
c

Why are the materials used to manufacture machines so carefully inspected
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
R
\
x
1.25 cwt II g
1.45	“
1.95 “
2.85 “
2.35 “
1.90 “
2.75 “
2.45	“
2.35 «
2.00 “
Money Back Guarantee $2.50 per bag „ ^
2.65 “ “
«
Atlas Moulee (oat hulls and ground screenings)
Wheat, Barley, and Ground Oat Feed Flour ....
Shur-Gain Hatching Match .	.
Fades’ Eggslent Laying Mash .
Scratch Feed .
Blatchford’s Laying Mash .
Shur-Gain Laying Mash .
“ Pig Starter .
“ Hog Grower
Winnipeg Flour,
Golden West Flour,
Cream of the West,
Free cook-book and chances to win valuable Barometer and other prizes still given with Cream of the West Flour.
x
Sales
s

Feed

ki
H

B

Kl
§
S


A Choice Lot to Choose From
1 Change your old model and get a better one
1934 V-8 Ford Coupe with R.S.
1937 Chevrolet Coach with Trunk
1937	Pontiac Sedan model 224 Deluxe
1938	Dodge Coach with sedan seat in front 1938 Chevrolet Coach with sedan seat H O. Tires
1938 Chevrolet Coach with 4-ply tires 1936 Maple Leaf Truck Stake Body Dial Wheels
Why not have your car overhauled now, so that you can drive in safety
Drive in today
<6
ii


hN
v
B
v
B
x
!
U
H.vrland C. Row \r
Sec.-Treas
a
a
\
a
I
<<
n
n
Rice Waste as Coal
Rice wastes are utilized as fuel in Italy in an effort to save coal, says Industrial and Engineering Chemistry. With four pounds of rice byproducts corresponding in heat value to one pound of good coal, it has been estimated that Italy could save 50,000 tons of coal. At present some thousand kilowatt hours of electric energy, obtained through steam engines burning rice byproducts in special furnaces with mobile grates, are being producco, it is reported. Since these plants are costly, they are restricted.
The gasification .of rice byproducts and the use of the resulting gas for driving motors have permitted the installation of 15 plants producing 1,000 horsepower.
life
S
The infant himself may be compared to a new machine which requires careful “running in”.
Regular health supervision by the family physician or, should he recommend it, the child welfare clinic and public health nurse, will prevent the occurrence of certain nutritional diffici-encies and communicable diseases and will detect minor physical defects early At that time, defects are readily correctable at minimal cost in both money and health.
One significant difference between man and manmade machines is that damaged parts of the latter can be replaced whereas, in the former, they can partly repair themselves but can never be replaced. Each illness leaves the human machine just a little less perfect and a little less efficient than it was before.
Now is the time to start building the generation of Canadians who will pos sess healthy bodies and clear thinking minds to meet the troublous times that lie ahead. Now is the time to prevent illness in our infants and pro school children by ensuring for them all a balanced program of health supervision. Aim to secure advise on nutrition, inoculation against smallpox, diphtheria,' scarlet fever and whooping cough, together with facilities to correct any Crirly and remedical health defects among these children.
Why pay large premiums for insurance against death while taking no responsibility for these smaller premiums to ensure a healthy and useful life for your children ]
3.15 “ “
4 4
44
44
a
a
s
$
s
I
l
>
V
\
s
S
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REG’O.

B
B
t
Tenders f„r cedar and oak plank pre-, this Council adj^rn until April lat. aented. Motion by Crs Voting Armiiage,	îlf onc 0 ,n *‘ie Rit^rnooi,
that the tender of Andrew Farrell for Carried •200n feet P> M. of oak pUr k 1<> ft. long,
3 inches thick at $31.00 pvr 1000 ft.
J. I, HODtilNS
Andrkw F-aruku Sec-Trca
A Phone 64-J.
Moon Pelted by Meteorites
The moon, which has no atmosphere, is constantly pelted by millions of meteorites; but for the atmosphere our earth would also be. When meteorites strike our atmosphere, friction makes them incandescent and they burn to dust before reaching the earth. Occasionally one, such as that known as the
which
weighs 36Vz tons, comes all the way through and buries itself in the aarth. It is from studying these .han man gets some idea of what he stars are composed.
ai/wfMyi/f/vn/i/i/i/i/'yi/!/;


7



4


1


Greenland meteorite

m
h
l

S
Original Short Story
The short story as it is now defined, had its beginning in America in the "Sketch Book" of Washington Irving. Before 1819 there had been an abundance of short fiction, but Irving was the first to recog-that it could be molded into a literary form of its own. After Irving, the next important figure in the history of the short story was Nathaniel Hawthorne, who' gave it beauty of style and perfected for it artistry that called forth the
praise of Poe. fined the short story as one that
:ould be read at a sitting.
a* Mtc'.ttr
M tCMNZIE UNO. M
Hi. #1)0 w L
Shawville Council
CAHADlIS um TO wmw WAR!
1rs reasonable rate of > ?
War Contract» toumng ^ ^ 0f Canadian industry.
¦HP
“bîr'isïï* .a-—

k

February 5th, 1940
The regular meeting r.f the Municipal Council was held at Hynes’ H ill on the above date. Present : His Worship, Mayor G. G. McDowell in the chair, and Councillors Cctie, Caldwell, Strutt and Howard.
The minutes of the last meet ini were read and approved Cotie and Strutt.
The following bills were presenttd tr the Council for approval :—
Gatineau Power Cc
/
nize

i
/
i
f
;
/n:1,

on motion of Crs
an
il
It was Poe who de
$62 83 32 25
5	Of
6	88 87 50 20 79 25 92
i io
10 00
Cirdin, Power, sud race
l' waterw’ks
It
îcs, Lapointe
Minutes of Council Ons
low North
Fcdî.' ti Mini
i:- tWO
ill cot forget and
;
Gordon Brownlee .
William Orr.............
Labour, snow removal....
Hudgins Lumber Company The McLean Stationers
I Swartz.................
Norval Kilgour ........
It P. Earles.............
Earl Devine..............
Hurst Hudgins............
Wellington Armstrong....
Lem Hod gins ...........
Mrs. R. Howard ..........
Leslie Dale .............
Mrs. L E. Thomson .......
Moved by Cr. Howard, seconded by O. Cotie,.that the above bills be paid — Carried.
Moved by Cr. Cotie, seconded by Cr. Strutt, that the Council purchase SOOr feet of snow fences for delivery next fall.—Carried.
Motinu—Crs. Howard Strutt, to ad journ.—Carried.
on

i

I
March 4, 1930
A regular meeting of the Municipal Council of Onslow North was held on :he atiove date. Present, Andrew Daley, mayor, and Councillors Young, Farrell, Vallillee and Dagg.
Motion by Crs Farrell-Young, that Gtrvus Ann it age be appointed Councillor for thi< T"xvnship fur the balance of the term of nth -e.—Carried.
Councillor Gerviv Avniitage subscribed his oath of office and took his seat.
Motion by Crs Vallillee-Armitage, that the minutes of F el 'y 5th, 1940, as read be adopted. —Carried.
Account of $20. for funeral expenses nf Mis. Hormidns Dmurn presented. Motion by Crs Young-Dagg, that the Sec-Treas. inform them that the domi rile of her husband is not in this Town-hip as established by his affidavit— Carried.
Auditor’s report for 1939, presented Motion by Crs Young Dagg, that the Auditor’s report for 1939 as presented he accepted.—Carried.
Motion by Crs Farrell Vallillee, that Arthur Label le be appointed auditor for this Township for the year 1940.— Carried.
Motion l y Crs Young Armitage, .that Andrew Daley, Mayor, be authorized to purchase any properties in this Town dnp not sold at the county landsale March, 1940.—Carried.
Lett* r
presented HmHBHIiHiHHH
Motion by Crs Dagg-Arm it age, that this council would consider turning over to the Government for maintenance one mile of the Mine Road stalling at South Onslow townline and that the condition if said road should be on file as reported by the road engineer last year.— Carried.
Letter of P. J. O’Hara presented. Motion by Crs Vallillee-Dagg, that in he disputed account of P J. O’Hara and J. P. Daley they be given an opportunity to perform labour to that amount under the road foreman in charge on that division in the year 1940, failing to do so it he collected in cash.—Carried,
Motion by Cr* Y« ung-Farrell, that Michael Gorman be appointed road foreman on the division formerly in charge of Nicholas O'Hear ne.—Carried.
Motion by Cm Farrell-Vallillee, that
..11
$ f.(
i**SE
¦SB
Exchange Contrée
1 Of-7 5( 5 00 5 0V 5 or 14 17 10 Ov
a a

>



RTF.
->
W
Car
theiw or-
ii
m
m

Mardi 4 tli, 1940
The regular meeting of the Municipal Council was held at Hynes’ Hall on the above date. Present : His Worship. Mayor G. U. McDowell, in the chair, and Councillors Caldwell, Strutt and Cotie.
The minutes of the last meeting wen read and approved on motion of Ci>. Caldwell and Cotie.
The following accounts were present «d for approval :—
Gatineau Power Company...
44	«ft	«ft
'*	61 street lights
gÿaffltsiîKSi*... <—
" ‘¦t.'KLt... H». »¦- “•

>
faith

no
v
«
E
S.

pw
i.
*1
)
$62 83 59 37 36 20 4 -J' 20 00
r
:
f I>. Robillard I. C I


»

NV. A. Hodgius Store..
1». L. Horner ......
Wilfred Way.........
J. T). Horner .......
Gordon T. Paul ......
Mrs. R. Howard . ...
Mrs. L F Thomson ..
Ministry of Health.
Harold Beckett...
Andrew Daley, auditor
Moved by Crs Cotie and Strutt, that the foregoing bills be paid.—Carried. The following committees were ap-
Iminted
Street and dump committee Crs. Howard, Otic and Strutt.
Waterworks committee — Crs. Cald •well, Eadea and Argue.
Health committee—Dr. P wles, A. G Hrough and E Cowan.
Dog-tax collect >r—Harry McDowell.
c. O. l*OWK*
lion
v
Hi
*¦
p« *

6i
ïïmTACARDlN
10 OU

r> o(
5 oi



11 03
50 00 20 00

' »
&
i
f

V %

\
y

t. r É
%
4
a '
/
m
i
5K
«
z

#
A
###PAGE###5###

(
Service Announcement
h
The Equity

Wilson’s Garage
«ri
i
Shaw ville United CHtraun H Rkv A. F. Fokes B. A., B.D. Pa*tor
H	Sunday, March 17
Service at Shawville
March Specials

established 1883
PUBLISHED EVERY THU USD AT AT
SIIAWV1LLE, QUEBEC
The Same Reliable Service
<
f
i
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
P
II.00 a. m
1.30	pm.—Service at Zion
3.30	p.m.— Service at Stark’* Corners
“The coming of the
King”
f

p
annual subscription
Any where in Cumula .. $1.50 To United States

Men’s Fancy Socks
II#
Ford Service
Sermon Subject
r J
2.00
a

A sk you r neighbors wh«t , Bray Chicks did tor them. Then see me for prices and f delivery dates.	;
C. Harold Boulton
Bristol Egg & Poultry Association
BRISTOL - QUEBEC	!
//
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
7.30 p.m —Service at Shawville.
Sermon Subject : “St. Patrick speaki l
our day”
a
All arrears must be paid in full before any paper is discontinued
Jt -O
%
n
Assorted Colours
M
• •
•w;
%
J. P. Wilson
XV. O. COWAN. I’UBLISIIKR
and Désignés
19j
• e.
m
P.RrsToL United Cnvacn Rsv. G. Armstrono-Sai.rh, B. D Sunday, March 17
Main Street
Shaw ville, Quebec
Phone 40
* •#.
Implements
On or Off
in less than
10	Su
11	30
..^ „., Service at *• Sunday School
Service at Service at
“God’s Need of Everyman
A
St. Andrews
• 4
Knox,
Austin,
Subject :
Passion Week Service at St. Andrews H 00 p m, Monday—Subject, The Prayer
for forgiveness Wednesday — Subject, The
Cry of Desolation 8.00 run., Good Friday— Subject, The
Finished Work.
Be sure to attend these meetings for the deepening and strengthening of
Lite.
Misses and Childrens School Hose
Colours, Sand & Camel Sizes, 5 to Q\..... 19c
Misses and Childrens Silk and Wool Hose
Colours, Sand & Camel Sizes, 5 to 8*
2.30
7.30
Reap Buffet, Bette* crops
___	.	__ M	hb ¦¦ ':‘ug±
W/ÊÊÊêA	'il A wX&ÊT-. BHU HjK	Ptia JfP -


9.00 [>.m
N
a minute
v
WJ
i
y-ur
Z

\
25c

'
il
H
anglican
St. Paul’h
Sunday, March 17
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m —Holy Communion 7 30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
Weekday Service* 7.45 - Wednesday Evening 8.00---Friday Evening
St. Luke's
2.00 p.m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity Service Withdrawn

i
i
V
A
Girls’ Silk Hose
Light Shades Special
A
r r
l »
uU
4 /¦> V

# V

41?
i
25c

• •
• • •

• #
# •
vV
#
		
|v«,

A

4Do
Women’s Slips, Pink snd White, Good
quality. Assorted Sizes
g Women’s Silk Panties Assorted colors
N and Sizes. Special .................
Easter Draperies
3 Curtain Scrim, 40 inches wide, Green ; and Yellow Dots, Special per yard
White Dotted Curtain Muslin, 40 inches wide, Special per yard
g Silk Curtain Material, 36 inches wide 3cru Shade, per yard...................
Drapery Chints, 36 inches wide, Fancy
per yard
with



75c
FORD TRACTOR
Ferguson System


• •


B
k
m

25c
m

*3
B
k
Parish of North Clarendon Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge
*

V
g
• With the new Ford tractor, Ferguson system, you waste no time in making lengthy implement changeover*, lor Ferguson wheel-lee» implements, including the row cultivator, may he attached or detached by one man in less than a minute without the use of tools. Front and rear-wheel tread adjustments also a simple, one-man operation.
There are other things about the new Ford tractor with Ferguson system of hydraulically controlled wheel-less implements that wiH amaze you. Come in and sec it. Demonstrations gladly arranged. Don’t miss this chance to sec the refillv new mechanized farm equipment.
i
!
Sunday, March 17
\
4
North Onslow, Morning Prayer
Evening Pi If r
10 30
/
7 00
Ch irteria,
L
(~* OOD seed is the first requirement for bigger, better VT yields. That is why it pays to use Registered Seed.
Registered Seed is pure as to variety and ensures crops of greater yield, higher quality and better grade. Registered Seed is sold only in sealed containers, government-tagged, and government-inspected.
It requires no cleaning.
It pays to use Registered Seed!	. ..
For information regarding sources of supply of approved varieties ) write to;—the District Supervisor, Plant Products Division of the Dominion Department of Agriculture for your district, the nearest Dominion Experimental Farm, the Provincial Department, oi Agriculture, or the nearest Agricultural College.	•	. ; >
193
NOTICE
19c
• • •
Superior Court — Pontiac
Canada j Province of Quebec !
District of Pontiac No. 4781
PONTIAC GAME CLUB, a body olitic and corporate, duly incorporated _aving its principal [ lace of business in the Township of Sheen, Bryson and in the unorganized territory of the County of Pontiac, Province of Quebec, Canada, district of Pontiac.—Plaintiff.
*
*
25c
i
25c
3
Colours
• e
• • •
e • • • •
• •
• • •
?
Food supplies are important in Wartime—
This year, plant and raise only the best! '
Agricultural Supplies Board
DOMINION DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE, OTTAWA
Honourable James G. Gardiner, Minister
K
Dress Good Department
English Prints, first quality goods only. 36 i
Special per yard ................
ins.
110
..	193
wide,
Colored Broadcloth. 36 ins. wide per yard 25c
I
vs
C. A. Howards Son Shawville, Que.
Fancy
Plain Colored Broadcloths. 36 ins. wide, assorted colours, per yard
g Plain Blue. Brown and Black Silk Crepe. 36 ins. g wide. Special per yard
Ü Black Silk Crepe, good quality. 44 inches wide 75c
f Bryam
PHILIP SC H LUSSE R Shore. Port Chester, New York, one of II the United States of America, and I
the City I
O
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
3
19c
having a place of business in of New York, 1 S.A.—Defendant
• •
• • • • •
• •
• • •
• i««
The Defendant is ordered to appear within one month.
ALPHONSE MARTINEAU
. P. S. C.
. District of Pontiac Campbell’s Ray, March 4th, 194).
65s
• •

/
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
M
3
r FERGUSON
DEPARTMENT
GROCERY
SYSTEM
.07
a
(liai t Bar Laundry Soap .........
Dundurn Blum Jam large size bottle
Newport Fluffs with tumbler Boxes Coin Flakes with bowl Robin Hood Wafer Flakes White Swan Wheat Flakes. ..
t
I
.25
E
Muskrat Skins
WHEEt-tESS IMPLEMENTS ^
—— *4
.25
• •it
Phone. 278
.25
3
el
Wanted.
Spring Mil-kiat Skin* Highest market ptices paid
N. li HORNER,
• P
4
.15
i
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
• • • •
• • •
.25
Roy 6. Fraser
• • • •
Shaw ville, Que.
Rhone 43


Gifle, Novelties
Flowers,
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 83(3
French Pramenade
The famous Promenade des Arg a is at Nice on the French Riviera I s really a promenade, a place to stroll or lounge. No self-respecting I visitor
troll there between 11 and 12 in the
the latest worn by
PI:ore ICC
5y25252S2E2525c5252525t252525c5ZSt!5252325yS25252525E5Z5H5E525252525I!
MacLean’s
would dream of failing tc
RED 4 WHITE STORE
Distinctive n«»wei tlitt's our liit'im».
>t \ Imp We in
; Successor to G. F. Hedging Co, Limited $
orning to see the elite passing by.
1 •

( )i
vite y«'ur patn-nage. orders i»| $1.00 «-I over, 11
t>n order*
rjrjr
i •
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
4 4

i
us collect.
$3 on m over pin ne us collect
| The Hodgins’ Lumber Co. |
25c
Pure Lard, 2 pounds ...................
White Beans, 5 pounds .................
Bulled Oats, 5 pounds .................
Black Tea, £ pound.....................
S< ap Chips, 3 pounds..................
Jelly Powders, 5 for ...................
Ivory Flour, 7 pounds..................
Red & White P> .king Powder, per tin....
Prunes, 2 pounds..............
Soda Biscuits, 2 pounds.......
Pickles, sweet, per jar.......
Figs, 2 pounds....
Tapioco, 2 pounds
Sago, 2 pounds ........
Rice, choice quality, 3 pounds
Corn meal, 5 pounds......*....
Health Bran, 2 packages ......
Oranges, per dozen ...........
Grapefruit, ti for ...........
Cooper’s Concentrated Warble Fly Powder
25c
and we shall prepay.
25c
-t

25c
Phone anytime between 7 a. m
and 11 p. m.
CUSTOM SAWING
25c
25c

For the destruction of warble maggots in cattle
We are now delivering Mill Wood. Place your order now.
25c
25c

Look Here
25c
i
25c
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost otc.
Saw-Log's Wanted
25c
Cooper’s Dry Kill for
vermin
J
25c
We are now in the market for all kinds of
Saw Logs, and have a special market for Elm Logs in 6, 8 and 11 foot lengths.
Phone 27
o
25c
FARM FOR SALE-Lot No O IL on the 411» Range of the Townahip of Clarendon. containing 60 acre*. more or lea*. Eight roomed brick house. New bain. Apply to Donald Frahkii, .t>4 XV avcrle>
Street, Ottawa. Ont.
Cash paid on delivery ;
*&*# #*.##**#*##*,#*«*#»#»•••»>««

S25c
• h

X
tti'liVA
• •••
••••••
\
25c
THE CORNER STORE
X
25c

!
X
I
FOR RENT —Well improved farm, miles south of Shaw ville, near School and CN R. Stntiqn. Anply to Ci.avdi: Horner, Box 196, Nornndn, Que
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and CentreSta
SHAW VILLE. - QUE.
25c
X
X

THE HODGINS’ LUMBER COMPANY
25c
X
25c
FOR SAI.Foh RENT—Bake Shop and N Dwelling for rent or sale, or would ex- g change for suitable farm property, ror D term" and particulars apply to the owner, P HENRY S DALE, opposite High School, g2
Shawvllle, Que.
a
Quebec

Shawville,

/i/i/i/i/t/'/
yzizi

###PAGE###6###
tiro world. Canada could also fake some credit for the founding cf me Rockefeller Institute and the Rocko*
feller Foundation, he suggested, "it it was by the rending of Osier's hook and his remarks on the need for greater knowledge of difee «so that Rockefeller was Inspired to establish them.
pertinents greatly develop the knowledge of these processes.
OSLER'8 BOOK IMPORTANT
Sir William Osier, the “bad hey" of the school, who at the ago of 21 came to McGill to study medicine, wrote ‘The Practice of Medicine.” which became the bible of the medical profession throughout th?
Canada’s Sugar Output Speeded
More Than Double What It Was In
Early 1939
< :i*
Judging from a report from the Dominion Bureau of Statistics, Canadian sugar refineries have been pouring out sugar this year at more than double the pace of early 1939. Official report said Canada’s ten sugar refineries manufactured 50,728,000 pounds of sugar during the first four weeks of 1940. Of this, 4/.790,000 pounds were granulated and
6.938.000	pounds were yellow and brown.
Both grades have been produced at more than double the early 1939 pace. Granulated during the first four weeks of 1939 amounted to 15,432,000, and yellow and brown amounted to 3,142,000, or a total of
18.575.000	pounds.
The fl: t four weeks of 1940 turned out more than for the first rigid weeks of 1939, as the second four-week period last year produced 23,004,000 pounds.
By William Ferguson
This Curious World
SPERM WHALES
HAVE A LEFT NOSTfZ.IL.
ONLY/
for. some unaccountable
REASON. THE RIGHT NOSTRJL AND ITS . PASSAGE HAVE 3K. BECOME
SU PPRESSED.
»
v\\V
NX
Si
The first of a shipment of Avro Anson twin-engined bombers to be used to train R.C.A.F. pilots have arrived at the DeHavilland Aircraft plant in Toronto. A continuous stream of Ansons will arrive in Canada until there are more than 1,600 of these fast bombers for use in the commonwealth air training scheme. Nine flat cars were required to bring "the crated planes to siding for unloading in Toronto, where they will
be assembled.	-v
FARM
NOTES
ONEO-h/AL-fr
OF the entire: WEIGHT OF A TERMITE /W BE MADE UP OF TiNV PROTOZOA INSIDE THE BODV, WHICH BENEFIT THE HOST TERMITE BV DIGESTING THE WOOD IT EATS/
• o

i
will; he was asking that God’s will be absolutely carried out, and* if possible, in this carrying out of God’s will that the cup should pass from him.
das, went with the Lord as far as the outer part of the garden. Here Jesus requested eight of them to sit down and wait, but James, Peter, and John, his three most intimate disciples, the only ones who were with him on the mount of transfiguration, he took with him deep into the garden, that these three sympathetic souls might be with him during the time of extreme sorrow and agony that he knew he was at this time entering upon. And began to be sorrowful and sore troubled.
The Agony
38. Then saith he unto them, My soul is exceeding sorrowful, even unto death. Christ here was experiencing the limits of human endurance. Abide ye here, and watch with me. 39. And he went forward a little, and fell on his face, and prayed, saying, My Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass away from me; nevertheless, not as I will, but as thou wilt. The Lord separated himself from his three close companions who had thus far accompanied him, and he goes deep into the garden to pour out his soul to the Father alone. The "cup" is not merely the physical suffering Jesus has to endure; but the whole experience, the betrayal, the trial, the mocking, the scourging, the cross, the grave . . Jesus was not asking that the cup should pass from him regardless of consequences or God’s own
o
?
BUY SEED NOW
The supply of registered seed in Canada is rapidly growing less by feeding and by saje through the grain trade. This is particularly true of the rust risistaut varieties of wheat and oats, says the Agricultural Supplies Board and urges that it is important that orders be placed without delay for any registered seed required for spring planting, v
Sunday
School
Lesson
THE NEW
QOO-INCH TELESCOPE
NOW UNDER CONSTRUCTION AT Mt PALOMAR, CALIF* is EXPECTED TO HAVE A VISION RANGE OP
. /,200,000,000
UGHT-VEAOS.
Watch and Pray
40. And he cometh unto the disciples, and findeth them sleeping and saith unto Peter, What, could ye not watch with me one hour? There is a tone of sad disappointment here. 41. Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation: the spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak. “Watck” refers primarily to keeping awake, but also suggests mental alertness. The flesh here means not simply the body as opposed to the mind, but the body as representing our sinfulness, while the spirit represents what is better in us.
42.	Again a second time he went away, and prayed, saying, My Father, if this cannot pass away, except I drink it, thy will be done.
43.	And he came again and found them sleeping, for their eyes were heavy. 44. And he left them again, and went away, and prayed a third time, saying again the same words. Perhaps nowhere is the true humility of our Lord more manifest in the Gospel records than in his thrice-uttered pe-ition made to his Father this night in the dark of Gethsemane.
Betrayal and Arrest
45. Then cometh he to the disciples and saith unto them, Sleep on now, and take your rest; behold, the hour is at hand, and the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners. 46. Arise, let us be going: behold, he is at hand that betrayed me. Jesus’ mood of pensive reflection gives place to rapid decision. These last words in Gethsemane throb with the willingness to yield himself up, and to empty to its dregs the cup which the Father had given him.
In this lesson we realize that the only absolutely .holy person that ever walked this earth, who never did anything wrong, was forsaken by friends, betrayed by one whom he had continually befriended, all without the slightest justification, and all of this was allowed by God to happen. Just why God allows sorrow, distress, tragedy, to come into our lives we do not always know; but if Jesus endured such experiences as these and never lost faith in God, we, who are sinners, can surely endure any experience he sends, and still trust him through them
%
CATTLE BREEDERS
The Ontario Cattle Breeders’ Association have re-elected H. A. Dol son, Brampton, president; B. B. Warrnica, Barrie, vice-president; and L. E. O’Neill, Toronto, sec re tary.
LESSON X
GETHSEMANE! TRIUMPH THROUGH SURRENDER—Matthew 26: 30-56.
PRINTED TEXT, Matt. 26: 36-46.
GOLDEN TEXT.—Not will but as thou wilt. Matt. 26: 39. THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING. Time.—Thursday, April 6, A.D.
COP* 19371V NtA SERVICE. INC.
7-7
THE new 200-inch telescope will, it is hoped, be able to pene-Irate space for a distance ot 7,200,000,000,000,000,000.000 miles. It will have a seeing range of nearly four times as far as the 100-inch telescope of the Mt. Wilson Observatory.
NEXT: What color is the Mnod of inserts?
FIGHT HOG PLAGUE
1
Experimental areas with a view to obtaining a clearer conception of the livestock disease problem in this province was suggested in a report adopted by the agricultural committee of the Ontario Legislature.
{ PATRIOTIC SONG WRITER j
¦ " ----------------- ' " 1 ----¦
30.
Place.—On the way to Gethsemane and in the garden of Gethsemane.
Matt. 26: 36. Then cometh Jesus with them unto a place called Gethsemane. (This garden was located on the Mount of Olives, beyond the river of the Kidron; the name itself means "oil-press"). And saith unto his disciples, Sit ye here, while I go yonder and pray. 37. And he took with him Peter and the two sons of Zeb-edee. All the disciples, except Ju-
HORIZONTAL
Answer to Previous Puzzle
The report came from a special committee vested with the responsibility of studying recommendations brought to Toronto by Itariy Wilson, Charing Cross farmer, un behalf of the Southwestern Ontario Swine Breeders' Association.
Serious aspects of spread of disease among livestock were cited i«y the committee, particularly in view of the increased production of bacon necessary to meet the weekly supply exported from Canada to Great Britain.
the U. S. A. anthem.
20	To purchase.
21	Elastic.
23 He wrote his song during
1 Author of “The Star-Spangled Banner."
13	Dyeing apparatus.
14	Humor.
15	Chamber.
16	To slash.
17	Soft food.
18	Raven’s cry.
19	Bom.
20	Barking of dogs.
21	Gypsy.	f
22	Eye.	39 uP°n-
24	Paid publicity 40 Quickly.
25	Sable.	4}?,lue-	.
26	Pronoun. 44 No good.
27	To tolerate. 45 Dangles.
28	Twenty-four 47 Wiser,
hours.	48 Twice.
29	Force.	49 Garden tool.
30	Type standard 50 Grudge.
51	Drunkard.
52	He was an 	patriot.
53	He was a
JJ®*"


y
i


I
IN


W
0
the
of
IB1B
SHEKEL
Fort McHenry (PL).
25	Ventilating machine.
26	Minute object.
28	Monastic title,
29	To diversify.
32	Dove’s cry.
33	To shed feathers.
35	To fail to hit,
36	Blasting substance.
38 Cavalry horse,
40	Floating ice field.
41	Ache.
42	Roll of film.
43	Senior.
46	Electrical unit
47	Health spring.
48	Youth.
50	South Carolina.
51	Southwest.
m

C
AL
A
N
W LORELEI m

ITT
E
R
M I
LNiH AiB I
NOTES
RADIO
3	Chill.
4	Fishing bag.
5	Credit.
6	To swing.
7	To drink slowly.
8	Court.
9	Street car.
10	To pull.
11	Chinese
Canada’s Famed Scientific Men
NEWS
AND
Dr. F. B. Gurd, of McGill University Reviews Work of Eminent Medicos of Dominion — Osier, Banting and Best, Collip, Etc.
By MADGE ARCHER
KNOW CANADA FIRST
The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation during the past few months has, through the facilities of Its Features Department, developed a form of broadcast that concerns itself with the life of the individual Canadian and at the same time emphasizes the importance of the life of this individual In the life of. the whole Dominion. With this In mind CBC has planned and broadcast a number of series of programs which brings listeners from coast to coast word pictures of national life in different parts of the Dominion. “Carry On" broadcast on Sundays from 9:00 to 9:30 p.m. is the latest of the series to Join such programs as “This Canada" a series of talks about the customs and economic and social life of various parts of the country and heard on Monday evenings at 10:30 p.m., the Farm Broadcasts heard in each Individual Province with news and market trends pertaining to each, every day at 12:30 p.m., the present Dominion Election Broadcasts, “Canada’s Merchantmen" heard on Fridays at 8:00 p.m., and most interesting of them all to those whose sous and fathers and husbands have gone to England with Canada's First Expeditionary Force, a regular series of broadcasts "With the Troops in England" which often brings to some lonely person the sound of the voice of one of their loved ones.
NOTES AND NEW-,
A message by President Roosevelt to the farmers of the U. S. will be beard over all networks on Friday, March Sth, from 10:00 to 10:30 p.m
quartet will be the featured vocalists on the new Rudy Vallee program which will be heard over the NBC network beginning March 7th, at 9:30 p.m. . . . H. V. KM ten born who brought such prestige to CBS with his coverage of events abroad during the crisis periods, is leaving that chain to join NBC . . .
TO BE HEARD
March 8, 8 pm., CBY, CBC, House of Variety . . . CBL, Cities Service concert.., 10:45 p.m., CBL Dominion Election Broadcast . . . *tlL 8:00 pm., CBL, Metro-
poli tan Opera ... 9:00 p.m., CBL, Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Chicago Blackhawks . . . 10:00 p.m., CBY, and 10:35 CBL, NBC Symphony Orchestra . . . March 10th, 2:00 p.m., CBL, Hart House String Quartet .. . 3:00 p.m., CFRB, N. Y. Phil. Orch. . .	4:30 pm„ CFRB
Pursuit of Happiness . . 5:00 p.m.,
CBL, The World Today Reviewed by Edgar Mclnuis . . . 8:00 p.m., CBL, Chase and Sanborn Hour . . . 9:30 p.m., CBL, Appointment With Agostini . . . March 11, 4:15 p.r\, Dominion Election Cast . . . 8:30 p.m., CBL, With the Troops in England .... 10:45 p.m., CBL, CBY,
Dominion Election Cast . . . March 12, 8:00 p.m., CFRB, Tig Town . . . 8:30 p.m., CBL, Information Please . . . 9:00 p.m., CBL, Top Flight
Tunes ... 10:00 p.m., Les Concerts Symphoniques . . . 10:30 p.m., CBL, Dom. Election Cast . . . March 13, 4:15 p.m., CBL, Dominion Election Cast . . . 8:30 p.m., CBL, Serenade for Strings . . . 9:00	p.m., CBL,
Dom. Election Cast . . . 10:30 p.m CBL, “France This Spring" discussed by Professor Felix Walter . . . 10:45 p.m., CBL, Dominion Election Broadcast . . . March 14, 8:30 p.m., CBL, On Parade ... 9:00 p.m., CBL “The Shadow of the Swastika” (new series) . . . 10:00 p.m., CBL. Bing Crosby and Bob Burns.
31 Portrait statue.
33	Chinese sedge.
34	Uncle.
35	Edible fungus.
36	Musical note.
37	May,
38	Cunning.
measure.
12 To become
,	,	, manifest,
by profession. 17 Nominal
VERTICAL

“Medicine has been an international subject, but the contribution . of Canada to it has been such as we need not be ashamed of," Dr. Fraser B. Curd, associate professor of surgery at McGill University, told a Montreal audience last week. The achievements of Osier. Banting and Best, Col lip, Avchioald, Sheppard, Henri Lafleur and others were detailed as outstanding among the contributions of Canada 10 the science.
OUTSTANDING CON'i -IBUTION
Dr. James B. Collip. who came to McGill in 3928, had bfcen referred to by an eminent American surgeon as the man who had done more for humanity than any other man during the past 20 years his collaboration with Dr. Banting and Dr. Best he had purified the pancreas extract so that it might be used with safety in the treatment of diabetes.
Dr. Gurd cited the famous case of the French-Canadian, Alexis St. Martin, and Dr. William Beaumont, the young American doctor, and told how the gunshot wound in the stomach of St. Martin had enabled Beaumont to watch digestive processes and through a series of ex-
value.
2 Competed in 18 Company.
19 His song is
a race.
;
1
6
9
20
2
23
2
11
all.
2'
30
a
1
33
-1
Live Static
% . "O'
ÆÊÊtrmR
5
136
7
38
39
Screeches and howls in Andrew Ross’ radio set at Rochester, N Y last week, sounded too realistic for sound effects, too piercing for static. .
Ross investigated. A grey cat was sitting on the tubes. He tried to move her, but couldn’t. Police were called and they put the cat out.
I
42 H
m
•9

7
V
I
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Adjustment Necessary

f'^,\ w& can't give-6	you any
MORE CREDIT -
- IP YOU SEND IT IN FOR THE- RIGHT AMOUNT
i'll pay it!
*
The King’s Men
-YOUR BILL'S
MUCH BIGGER NOW
THAN IT OUGHT
TO BE*
1
T KNOW THAT
1



vv //<
W'i *9 * SSSS*

s
s



'SSSSa


)



/rs///


I






\
i
1










r

I

I

a
r


/


ry

iscl



• • !«¦
n 4
- i «
#

>
m
*

m


r* *
t

>
à à D
»


r
(V

r

rt
m

r


1
8 f

«
V








t









. '<!
>
F

«i.
j
m.
v








4
m
%

r

,
t



l

A
fl
T





4»


y» sj


I
m
WP,
K-'Z
m





r
I <


v
<

W <	T
r
*
v*^
1
1
V




El

f


<



\


r
1
<
¥
f
#
# 1
«
$


?





,
;$7

»







V -
r

1

* *#
# >.
^ ¦ •*

\




r -


?

X #




'
’

>
f
V

r


f

¦-•v

f-





f

#

<

4
s
% ^

1
** •








¦
9
###PAGE###7###
death or serious injury by the resourcefulness and bravery of young men and boys Scoutlng-tralned in first aid, resuscitation, etc.

"It DOES Uste good in « pipe!"
HANDY SEAL-TIGHT POUCH
%-LB. "LOK-TOP" TIN . 60* el so picked in Pocket Tins
HEALTH
TOPICS
IT
4
Ü
15*
COSTS NO MORI
Y«t H Is ma fNStHD
It la interesting to note that during the five year period under con sidération — during which time, in ciden tally, membership Scout Movement in Canada was increased from 65,000 to well over 1*0,000 — the Medal Board awarded only five Bronze Crosses, its major award. The Board also issued 20 Silver Crosses, for acts of outstanding gallantry under dangerous cir-
Crosses, for

FREE I
in i he
. Forget insipid teas! Taste Jjj the deep, refreshing plea-# sure of a cup of Iipto fi —the tea that’s always ¦ il full-flavoured.
AS 1 IK sod H lb. pAt'kagn of Upton's contain coupon* which you can care and exchange for |f| Wm. Rogers à Hon Biberplato. || For Premium Book, write K#, Thomas J. Upton Limited, |ft Lip too Phis.. Toronto. ________g*
CANADA’S HEALTH, 1939
The people of Canada enjoyed exceptionally good health in 1939, writes Dr. John W. S. McCullough, of the Health League of Canada. The mortality ite was 9.5 per thousand of population as compared with 10.6 In 1937. In 1939 the record (official figures not yet available) was excellent as indicated by the very low deathrate among approximately 1,250,000 of Canadians who hold policies in the Industrial department of one of the largo insurance companies. Not only were the deathrate^ in 1937 and 1938 the lowest in the history of the company, but these two years, Jointly, had the lowest mortality rate in the Canadian experience of the comp-Moreover, the mortality rates
D
ns

LI
FULL FLAVOURED
Î
I
SMALL 11 Al
riif
58 C
cumstances courageous acts; 45 Certificates of Merit for meritorious acts of an outstanding nature; and 19 Letters of Commendation for outstanding

ni
A
k
UlLOW lABfl
ONAM.t L A : ; l L
HI n LABI l
Stocks of food in storage in Canada at the beginning of 1940 follows: Wheat 348,183,-meata 82,889,123
«ittü
services to others.
Among the deeds of heroism covered by these awards in addition to drowning rescues, were our cases of rescue from fire, nine cases of major first-aid, two cases of rescue from death or Injury by trains, two cases of resuscitation from carbon monoxide poisoning, etc.
are as 288 bushels pounds, fish 37,500,000 pounds, creamery butter 41,679,817 pounds, cheese 25,420,656 pounds, dressed poultry 15,097,031 pounds, fresh apples 6,018,110 bushels, potatoes 302,007. tons.
Ontario Plans Highway Delay
1
iin
How Con I?
S2552SïSS£
BV ANNt ASMl E>
Big Program
Until After War
Then Will Provide Employment
any
for 1939, form a new low for tuberculosis, pneumonia, scarlet fever, the diarrhoeal diseases, and all Vie forms of accident (combined).
Q. How can I obtain various colours for cake icings or candy?
A. For pink color, use red beet Juice; for green, use spinach juice, for yellow, use orange juice or egg yolk; and for lavender, use
blackberry juice.
Q. How can 1 prevent scratches
on hardwood floors from the casters on heavy pieces of furniture?
A. Remove all the casters ami roll pieces of adhesive tape around the outside of each one. This will act as a casing and will not mark the floor.
P.	How can I clean a man’s light felt hat?
A. Make a paste of equal pans of arrowroot and magnesia and cold water, and brush over the hat. Dry thoroughly and then
brush off.
Q.	How can I choose a good broom, and take proper care of it?
A. Choose a broom with green-colored straws, but avoid one with dark reddish straws. Be sure the brush is firm on the handle. Never allow the broom to stand on its bristles, and give it a bath in soapsuds occasionally.
.. CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS..
The Ontario Highways Department is considering a huge three-year program of highway building which will be started after the war is over, Highways Minister T. B. McQuesten told delegates to the annual convention of the Ontario Good Roads Association.
“I think we should prepare at once for the after-war period and as a government we believe highway construction is the type of work that offers the greatest amount of employment with a chance of fair returns,” he said.
EXPENDITURE CUT Mr. McQuesten announced expenditures for the 1940 Ontario highway program had been cut by 16 per cent, compared with last year In the government's economy campaign.
POULTRY FARM FOR SALE AT
LOW PRICE
Tuberculosis Down
Chief interest lies n tuberculosis. Today this disease is number 3 in the list of causes of death of Canadian wage-earners, instead of num-
was nly 11 years a u.
At.KVr* WANTED
FURNITURE FOR SALE
WE ARE OFFERING OUR SPLENdid bargains in all kinds of used furniture. Every article carries a complete money-back guarantee. Also every article polished and safely packed for shipment to any part of Canada. Buy now. Save Money.
$5.95—Bedroom outfit, consisting walnut enamelled iron bedstead, used resilvered spring and Government inspected felt mattress any size. $7.95 — Used refinished Simmon a w;il nut metal beds, pjain type, used sagless spring and Uov-ernment inspected felt mattress. 54" width. $8.95 — Same type of bed outfit with large centre panel, used sagless spring, "blue labelled" felt mattress. $2.00 — Used springs, nil kinds, any size. $4.75 brand new "blue labelled" felt-blown mattresses, easy rest, any size. $3.75 — "yellow labelled felt-blown mattresses, luxury, any size. $8.35. strong cable dropback couches with arms and back and new cretonne mattress, two pillows. $«.00 — used oak dressers, square or oval mirror, three drawers, refinished like new.
CHESTERFIELD SUITE. 22.95
We are offering a beautiful three piece genuine brown silk mohair chesterfield suite, all matched pieces. Marshall construction, reversible spring cushions, silk corded trim, piped centre back, reconditioned and fully guaranteed.
TWO MILES FROM OTTAWA. I large poultry houses. Fully modern dwelling. Other buildings. Reason for selling, retiring. Full particulars write: Russell Poultry. Farm. Hurdman’s Bridge, Ontario. SALESMEN WANTED
BOYS—GIRLS — WOMEN
.Spot and Stain Remover. Many uses. Good profits: repeat business Box 11. Pointe Claire. Quebec._
SELL
It A IIV CHICK*
ber 1, as
The current deathrate is 7 per cent, lower than in 1938 and 45 per cent. loWer than 1929. As a result of this reduction alone, hundreds of Canadian lives have been spared every
LOGICALLY POULTRY FARM Bred chicks are better value than hatchery chicks. Five breeds selection. 7 cents and up. farm raised pullets. Circular on request. Highway Poultry Farm. R.R. No 1, Waterloo. Ontario.
MAKE A DECENT LIVING SELiving 300 Fa in 11 ex every day necessities. Guaranteed quality. price. 900 Fa mi I ex salesmen live with this agency cess depends on salesmen's years of increased business prove the possibilities buying in Familex Plan. For free details and catalogue: Familex, 670 St. Clement, Montreal.
Low
ompany’3 suc
12
year.
The unfavourable side of the report is observed in an increased mortality for cancer of about 35 per cent in 10 years. Diabetes, heart disease, diseases of the coronary arteries and chronic kidney disease show appreciable rises In 10
years
bined, the 1939 deathrate is lower by one quarter than 10 years ago. This is something to be thankful
CHICKS, WHITE LEGHORNS, 9o, Barred Rocks and New Hamp-shlres 10c, from Government approved, blood-tested stock. Write for catalogue, Brucedale Poultry Farm. St. Thomas. Ont.
VISED FOII SALE
GOVERNMENT TESTED SEEDS from (grower to sower) shipped in sealed bugs, properly mixed for a wonderful Hay or pasture crop. Red Clover. Alsike, Timothy, mixture. $18.25 per 100 lbs. Freight paid, bags free, Misner Seeds. Port Dover. Ontario. .
JOHNSONS CHICKS ARE ONE grade, the best we can produce, all breeders are bloodtested and culled. Bred to Lay Barred Rocks snd large S. C. White Leghorns, Barron strain. Prices March and Apiil. Rocks 10 cents, 90 per cent pull« tm 17 cents, cockerels 8 cents. Leghorns 10 cents, 90 per cent, pullets 20 rents, cockerels 2 cents. Safe arrival guaranteed. 10 per cent books your order. Circular on request. J. D. Johns Ontario.
For all causes of death com
fer
REGISTERED SECOND GENERAtion Erban oats, Grade One. Leaf rust resistant. Registered O. A. C. 21 Barley. 2nd generation, Grade 1. Grade 1 Alaska Oats. Grade 1 O. A. C. 21 Barley, Flax Seed, Alsike Clover. Write for prices. Charles A. Bannister, Alisa Craig, Ontario.

* 4-
Child, Enthroned, Rules 3,000,000 Worshippers
What Science; Is Doing
Fergus
j
ORDER BABY CHICKS NOW. ATtractive prices on well bred Barred Rocks, White Leghorns. Hampshire.-». Austrolorps. Write for prices. Wingham Hatchery, Wing-ham. Ontario
!
?
Canadian National Railways Revenues
VRITE FOR OUR FREE 1940 SEED catalogue, containing most complete list flower and vegetable seeds. Priced for market gardeners and garden lovers Seed Company, Waterloo, Ont
:
Send money order or deposit, bal-
to Furniture 539 King Street
* «
+ 4—• •r-w %
anee on delivery Sales Company. West. Toronto.
NEW "DEATH RAY”
Scientists are experimenting with a "death ray” so effective that it may come into wide use.
Unlike most publicized raya,” the newest one will spend its lethal force on germs, not mankind. Already a scientific fact, the ray may be responsible for a new "germless” air in air-conditioned auditoriums and public meeting places.
Tests show the ray killed 99.5 per cent, of all bacteria passing through an air-conditioning duct in a test auditorium.
BADEN ALWAYS GIVE YOU DEpendable, liveable chicks and at a low price, and this year Baden gives you the most competitive prices in eight years. Compare Baden prices and quality with all others. We know you will agree it will cost you less to buy Baden High Quality chicks. Get. our prices today. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery. Limited, Baden. Ontario
Ontario
¦
The gross revenues of the all-inclusive Canadian National Railways for the week ending February 21, 1940 were: $4,141,741
$3,172,819
REGISTERED NUMBER 1 ERBAN Vanguard and Alaska oats, registered number 1 O.A.C. 21 barley, registered number 1 golden glow corn, very early maturing, Gov ernmont grade 1 Erban and Van guard. A limited amount of Gov ernment grade 1 Mandarin soy beans, exceptionally pure alfalfa Government grade 1 price delivered. Alex M. Stewart, Ailsa Craig.
FILMS — PRINTS
free enlargement in studio
Folder with each order. Films de-velopcd and printed by experts, reprints 10 for 25c. Nu-Way ) Service. Station "A" Tor-
death
as compared with ....
for the corresponding week of 1939, an increase of ...........
25c
Photo
onto.

$ 969,922 or 30.6 ‘ b
Write for
BRAY CHICKS FILL THE EGG basket. Buy now for profitable markets. 19 varieties. Capons to order. Turkeys. Bray Hatchery. 130 John N. Hamilton.
HO HS ES FOR SALE
NUMBER GOOD HORSES. MATCHed teams, one Percheron stallion cplt, grey. J. McAninch. Route 4, Gu'loh.
STAMPS WANTED
#-*
1
STAMPS ON ENVELOPES
NOTHing after 1870. Will buy for cash. R. G. Purdy. 310 Glen Manor Drive Toronto
- HAVE YOU HEARD?j
T WE DOLE 90 PER CENT. DAY Old Pullets. White Leghorns, as low as $19.90, Barred Rocks, New Hampshire»;. Rhode Island Reds, White Rocks. White Wyandotte*, light. Sussex, Jersey Black Giants, Black Australorps, Hybrids, four crosses $15.90. Also day old cockerels. non sexed chicks, three wevk old capons, 18 varieties to choose from. Free catalogu Chick Hatcheries. Limited, Fergus Ontario.
;
MACHINERY FOR MALE
TURKEYS FOR SALE
TWO ONLY
CLEARANCJ	L1 u
Brand Now Wbitte Portable Saw ing outfits, steel frame, steel wheels with tongue, swinging steel saw frame takes 24" or 2ti' circular saws — 5 H P. Hopper cooled horizontal gasoline engine, fitted with magneto, can be used as portable power plant — sale price, $285. The A. R. Williams Machinery Co. Ltd.. 64 Front St West. Toronto.
WATCH BRAIN WORK
A glimpse at the chemical operations of the brain, which may help scientists to learn more about what happens physically within that organ wnen it functions, has been obtained through research with radioactive substances at the University of California.
>
WHITE HOLLAND lURKEYS. Government approved and utility stock. Prices on application. Bert Irwin, Sea forth. Ontario.
>
On the roof cf the world in mysterious Tibet sits a six-year-old boy, enthroned civil and religious ruler of 3,000,000 worshippers. Son of a humble herder, the lad is believed by his followers to be the reincarnation of the 13th Dalai Lama who died on Dec. 17, 1933. Bearing the name Ling-ergh La-mu-tan-chu (Divine child), the boy is believed to have been born at the moment the old Dalai Lama died.
The house agent decided to be quite frank with his latest clients.
“Of course,” he began house has one or two drawbacks whic4i I fee 1 I must mention. It is bounded on the north by the gas works, on the south by an india-rubber Works, on the east by a vinegar factory, and on the west is a glue-boiling establishment.”
“Good heavens !” gasped the husband. “Fancy showing us such a place. What a neighborhood!”
“Quite so,” replied the agent. “But there are advantages. The rent is cheap and you can always tell which way the wind is blowing.”
Tweddlti
USED AND NEW PLUMBING
this
BATHS. SINKS, TOILETS, SOIL pipe, boil era, furnaces, radiators, etc. lowest prices, guaranteed. Catalogue furnished. Main Plumbing Supplies. 921 St. Lawrence, Montreal.
CAIlk. NEW AND USED
MOUNT PLEASANT MOTORS. LTD.. Toronto's oldest Chrysler, Plymouth dealers: three locations, 632 Mount Pleasant Road Street. 1225 Oanforth Ave used cars make us many friends
MACHINERY FOR SALE
040 Yonge Our
WADE PORTABLE DRAG SAWS, reasonably priced, easy to operate, a money-maker whercvei there logs to be cut. Write for free descriptive bulletin. The A. R. Williams Machinery Co.. Ltd.. 64 Front St . West. Toronto
FLYING MOTORCYCLE
A secretly developed “flying motorcycle” plane which can take off In cramped space with lightning speed in the air has recently been tested for the United. States at my.
Robert Kerllnger, test pilot, took the manufacturing company’s Y0-51 on a runway, gunned the 426-horsepower engine and the craft charged almost straight up In the air and, at a respectable height, hovered virtually motionless.
Hardly more than 50 feet was required for the takeoff of the high winged, slender fusel aged monoplane.
WATCHMAKING
LEARN WATCHMAKING AT HOME Beginners’ outfits from $5. National Watch. Regina, Saak.
EDUCATION AL
are
STUDENTS NOW ENROLLING FUR courses in Matriculation, Short Story Journalism. Shorthand and Speech Culture Make use of your spare time. Write today. Canadian Correspondence College, (established 1902) 229 Yonge Street. Toronto.
LYONS
478 Yonge St., Toronto
CLEARANCE SALE RECONDITIONED FURNITURE
All Used Furniture is completely reconditioned, guaranteed thoroughly clean, and sold with positive money-back guarantee of satisfaction.
$14.00 KROEHLER CHESTERfield bed, reversible spring-filled
cushions.
$19.50 CHESTERFIELD SUITE, 8 pieces brown repp material, Marshall construction.
$29.00 3-PIECE CHESTERFIELD Suite, upholstered In English tapestry, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$37.50 BEAUTIFUL BROWN MOhair Chesterfield Suite. 3 pieces, figured reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$35.00 10-PIECE LIVING ROOM Outfit, comprising 3 piece velour chesterfield suite, bridge lamp and shade, walnut end table, table lump and shade, allk cushion and modern smoker.
$24.00 SOLID OAK DINING ROOM suite, buffet, extension table, six leather upholstered chaire. Perfect.
$35.00 9-PIECE OAK DINING ROOM suite, large buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather seat chairs.
$69.00 BEAUTIFUL 9-PIECE DINIng Suite, rich walnut finish, large buffet, extension table, china cab lnet and 6 leather upholstered
chair*.
$85.00 SOLID WALNUT DINING suite, (cost new approximately $225), largo buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather sent chairs.
$49.00 MODERN OAK DINETTE suite, buffet, extension table, and 4 chairs with embossed leather seats. Perfect.
$36.00 SMART BEDROOM SUITE, In rich, two-tono walnut finish. Dresser, chiffonier and full sise bed. Like new.
$49.00
suite, dresser bed, sagless spring and new mattress.
$59.00 FLOOR SAMPLE MODERN bedroom suite in bleached walnut finish, with Venetian mirrors. Dresser, chiffonier, full else bed, sag less spring and mattress. All brand new.
$9.50 KITCHEN CABINETS IN ALL finishes.
$15.95 6 PIECE BREAKFAST SUITE buffet, table and 4 chairs, enamel. All merchandise carefully crated for safe shipment on receipt of money-order and
money-back guarantee of satisfac tion.	_________
MELIK AI
SCOUTING...
KIPP'S
A GOOD SPRING TONIC
Herb Tablets. Twenty-five cents. All Drug Stores or Maltby’s. Toronto Ten.
YOUTHFUL COURAGE
Five year record of Canadian Boy Scouts shows saving of 150 persons from death by drowning, fire or serious accident. Three young heroes paid the supreme sacrifice.
Even a cursory examination of the files over the five-year period ending December 31st, 1939, Indicates to what extent the Boy Scouts of Canada have kept their Scout Promise, especially that part of it which obligates them to "help other people at all times.’*
ELECTHU/ MOTORS
HEPATOLA RELIEVES STOMACH and Liver troubles. Symptoms: Pains in right side, under shoulder blades and across hips. Indigestion, gas, constipation, gall trouble. Formula of doctor. Results In one day! Price $5.00. Mrs. Geo. S. Almas. Box 1073W Saskatoon. Sask_____________________________
ELECTRIC MOTORS
SUITABLE for every purpose. Jones & Moore Electric. 296 Adelaide Street VV.. Toronto.
“I read in a book that Apollo was chasing a nymph and eh# turned into a tree.”
“He was lucky. The one l*m chasing always turns into a jewelry shop or a restaur-
IT9HING TACKLE VI* SPOUTING
GOODS
SEND FOR OUR
FISHERMEN
new, larger, 1940 Fishing Tackle catalogue, out March 20th. E. Mania, 171 Craig St VV„ Montreal. Quebec._____
NURSERY STOCK
Prairie Library Scheme Prospers
HARDIEST FRUITS, RARE ORNA, mentals. Request illustrated catalogue and planting guide: 600 varieties, trees, shrubs, perennnl flowers, tested and grown at Dropmoie. Order early for free booklet on new fruit recipes, also premium with order, plants:	expert packing, guaran-
teed delivery anywhere. The Manitoba Hardy Plant Nursery. Drop-more. Manitoba.
O
A man was going along the road holding his hands very rigidly in a sort of bracket shape at a distance of about a couple of feet from his body. He caused considerable surprise to the passers-by, and the explanation of his extraordinary conduct was not discovered until a friend poked him violently in the ribs. Then, as his arms fell to his sides, he exclaimed fiercely—“You silly ass I was keeping the measurement of a wardrobe for an alcove?”
FILMS
BEST RESULTS — RULU3 DEVELoped with hi g I osa deckled edged prints — 25c. Reprints 3c. Beautiful enlargement free. Prompt service. Excel Photos. 1266 Lntis. donne Ave., Toronto.
Continuation of the Lady Tweedi mulr’s Work Is Advocated
Strong
112 Persona Saved From Drowning Awards made indicate that the lives of at least 150 persons have been saved by Boy Scouts during the period referred to. A total of 111 persons were saved from doath by drowning alone. Many others have been saved from possible
Continuation of the Lady Tweeds-muir’e prairie library scheme was advocated In a resolution read at the Ottawa local council of women The resolution, which was forwarded to the National Council of Women, said the National Council was the logical organisation to car-the work and requested local
TRIAL SPEC1AI
SEND NBGA-tlve, this advertisement and 10c for three prints and 6x7 enlargement. or roll and 26c for eight prints. 5x7 enlargement. London Photo Service, Box 551, London, Ont. Established 1919.
OFFER TO INVENTORS
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR List of inventions and full Infor, matlon sent free. The Ramsay Ca. Registered, Patent Attorneys. 273 Bank Street. Ottawa. Canada.
f
SEED FOR SALE
GOV'T INSPECTED. REGISTERED No. 1 and No. 1 Seeds. Oats — Car. tier. Banner and I^asaHe. Barley—
Timothy. R. Bruce Ness, Howick Quebec.	__________
OPPORTUNITIES FOR MEN
TIRED FEET
ry on
councils of women across Canada to assume responsibility for the prairie library scheme In their localities.
The scheme was Inaugurated by The Lady Tweedsmuir and Involved collecting books and reading material to be sent to hard hit prairie
districts.

“In choosing hi# men,” said • Sunday School superintendent, “Gideon did not select these who laid aside their and threw themselves down to drink. He took those whe watched with one eye and drank .with the other!"
PREPARE FUR TUB FUTURE. IN-duatry urgently requires trained men. Learn electric welding General Welding Works, 100 via. Toronto.	______
21. Clover
f,
Alfalfa and

now

Jar

SEED POTATOES
PERSONAI
BUYING, SELLING, CAR LUTS. Truckloads, Table. Certified seed. Ontario», Islands. Ask Hiseys, the largest potato dealers In Ontario, 64 Front Ht. E.. Toronto.
QUIT ruliACCU. SNUFF. EASILY, inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonial». (ïuaruutood. Advice free Bamelt's Box I. Winnipeg.
ni
m
i
COMPLETE BEDROOM hiffonler. full size

The parents of a solemn little bey were perturbed at his morbid •utlook on life. They were sending him off by train to relatives In the country and told him to Write his name and address on à card and put it in his pocket.
The boy did so, beginning with: "In case of accident, this was Johnny Smith.”
There is a man whose leg* te thin that m policeman ran him In because he had no visible means of support.
WANTED
FALSE TEETH LOOSENESS AND annoyance banished cheaply at home by dentist's wonderful covery for building up old plate to fit. Users amazed. Free Information without obligation. Randolph Laboratory, 22 Whitehall Road. Toronto. _______________________
I
FOR MARC-0*
ONE 1914-16-16 HUMBLY STEAM Engine Catalogue wanted; might consider others. Walter Gerling, Iola. Alberta.
dis

COUGHS COLDS
LlNlML n1
tes
DUE
-------------------—----- Guaranteed
NERVOUS RESTLESS !CAR and truck parts
Used — New
*prutsmsinu in kBttrii/r moI OHM, POWER. UNITS, 111 yd r malic Haleta, W lev he». Cernera (ore, Start-era, Maaeeloa, Carbureter». Radiators — Kxebaago Service, Gl %atl»fac4lae or refwad Perte, Toronto.
TO
PEDIGREED DOGS
ASTHMA, BRONCHITIS
PEDIGREED GERMAN SHEPHERD dog», healthy, well developed, excellent guard» and companion», championship stock Kennels. Stratford, Ontario.
end other Kotpkotory Ailmoot* Toko the V OMMoUablo
WOMEN:
Lydia E. Pinkhmm*» Vegetable Compound helps calm jumpy nerves due to female functional distress. Made specially for »contort. Try &#
sold with a definite
Strathurut
pUCKLEYC
D Mix-runc Q
LYONS FURNITURE CO 478 Yonge St. Toronto
ISSUE NO. 10— 40
Levy Aete
###PAGE###8###
/
-
; •. -i?
tyimiinn3imiiHigBiilniliiiliairllpHi3|p!lii!JaiBrg!lB)BIBI3IBI5JBIBIcllBlBiBIBIBlBigi5IB151B15IBtB15131HlBlBIBI5EJBI^
Vote for	|
Joseph E. Piehe	j
DALE’S TINSHOP
Step Out In Style
0
S
E
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
r
Official Liberal Candidate in last General Dominion Elections and Former Provincial Member for
Temiskaming County.
With a New Spring Hat
All new Shades and Styles
Priced from
J7
Maple Syrup Requirements
k
Mr. Piche will be in favour of :
Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment ? If not, do so now ! we can supply you with :
Pans, all sizes Evaporators Iron Coolers
r '
Continuation of Highway No. 8, from Sheenboro to Ternis-kaming ;
Bridge across river, Allumette Island to Pembroke ;
of road from Otter Lake to Gatineau High
$1.95 and up
Continuation
way ;
Establishment of Landing Fields in Pontiac ;

/
Sap Cans,
Maple Syrup Cans
Spoils,
«SW SS
Co-operation in War Effort.
C£
Priced
coloured. Priced from $1.65 to $2.00
2 trousers.
LESLIE DALE
Pulpwood Wanted
FOR SALE
" The Lap " Sheets Galvanized Steel Roofing ordinary nnd Council Standard. Send ridge and rafter lengths for estimate,
• EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd.
1335 Delorimier Avenue
Montreal. Quebec
Quebec
I ' Shawville,
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood, F.O,B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick-up by trucks Phone or write,
J. M. ARGUE,
Shawville, Que.
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
ESTABLISHED 1888
Vehicles and Horses For Sale
Phone 70
Wealthy gentleman’s highclasM vehi-Rubber-tiied buggy, made to
COACH
INVALID
des.	,
order, three lights, storag» battery.
Half Speeder Cutter, highest quality, slightly used, cost $300.00. Sale price for pair $76.00. Choice young Mares and Geldings, special bargains. MiddleDriving Mare, extra good rouler,
Farm For Sale
GEORGE HYNES 55 SON
100 acres of good clay loam, all in hay, fair buildings, good water, close to school, butter and cheese factory. Easy Terms. Also a quantity of pressed hay.
Apply to
PETER WILSON, Cobden, Ont.
Directors of Funeral Service
To the Electors of the
County of Pontiac :
age
$00.00.
Apply to W. J. SMITH
Renfrew, Ont. Reference, Reuben Smith, Shawville.
Shawville, Que.
S
S
Phone 80
X
s
with which Prime

Owing to the sudden and high-handed manner Minister Mackenzie King dissolved Parliament and precipitated
when travelling is almost impossible
\
\
»
cal examiner — Ur. R. M. Hudson.
Pound Keepers—Harold Hammond, W
O’Rielly, R. Dowe, M. Chevier. Special Supt, Harvey Steele. Auditors—Mc-Kechnie and Company. \ aluators—b. W. MacKechnie, J. Me Bane, and Russell
Taber. —Carried.
Councillor Fraser then left the Board. On motion of Crs Young-Westbrook,
bills were ordered paid
S
a general election at a season
in an immense county such as Pontiac, I find myself unab.e to
therefore compelled
by mail
S
s


visit all the electors of the county and I am to solicit the support of many of you by the P'lbl and tbiough the friends, who will speak to y<m
from the public platforms.
X
c press,
the radio and
à

s


JVC I
s
s
X
•as posaib'e aft»*r my 1 so that I may th it we in.y get better

I must assure you, however, that as soon election, 1 will make it my duty to visit y study your needs personally and so
the following
X
•u a
<
viz :
Insurance Company, Secretary
Treasurer's Bond........
Printing, The Equity.....	•
Long distance telephone calls Fred Fraser, 278 hr* and 16 minutes snowplowing..
W. Me Bane. U3 hrs. snow
plowing.................
H. Young, operator on plow
R. Taber, %	.	“
J. Borutfeki, blacksmith work
H. Foran, timber .......
W. Kennedy, poll clerk ..... b 00
A cheque from Quyon Corporation —, to be applied on snow plowing



$ 10 00

acquainted.
The Federal riding of Pontiac has become so enlarged both in
redistribution or division of the
X
i
8 00


X
32
X
area and in population that county has become imperative and I pledge myself to see that Lithe next election the County is divided on a fairer and more
a
486 07
250 25 41 30 29 40 23 80 50 00
equitable basis.
I have been chosen as a Conservative candidate supporting National Government and as -such I am in full accord with th ?
leader the Honourable Dr. R. J.
to the effective and
\
i
X
X
X
platform and policies of my Manion, a veteran of the Great War, both as vigorous prosection of the war as to the policies hid down by him for the betterment of the living conditions of the farmer, the
workingman and the employer.
S
X
for $25
was received	.	,
Motion by Crs. X oung-Westbrook,
that this Council have Neil Drummond
B.S.A. procure the necessary powder for
the treatment of cattle for warbid ny
eradication.—Carried.
On motion of Crs Xoung-Muldoon, that Athol Inglee take charge of side road leading north to Wm. Craigs and that work of Robert McRae be given to Athol Inglee, also that R. J. McKennic work be given to James Thomas, and that James Thomas look after the log line on Proven Lme -Carried.
Motion by Crs. Clarke-Westbropk,
that this Council ask the County Coun-
to bear on the
1!
i
i
A° to the war, I repeat with my Leader, that our country nu>t j contribute to the fullest possible extent of its ability and resources to ensure the victory of Great Britain and her allies.
For those who do not know me personally, I may say that all
my life I have been a supporter of the Conservative Party, 1 am
an accountant, and for many years have lived at Rouyn, in
Northern Pontiac, where I have had occasion to participate in
first-hand knowledge of
s
6,
X



^9
• / •
X



S
f
%
<
I,
X
/ -
%
s

- public activities which have given me a
the-needs of the County as a whole, and I believe I can add that I have deservedly earned the confidence and esteem of all those with whom I have come into contact.
X

X
wtr;

m
V
X
im

At
X
cil to bring pressure Provincial Government to nave JNo. 8 Highway opened in the winter of 1940
and 41—Carried.
Motion by Crs Clarke-Young, that this Council change ends on the Bristol-Onslow Town Line with Bristol Council, the division to be at the line between property of F. Tremblay and E. Ke m, and that J. H. Henderson be appointed Road Master on this Councils portion.
—Carried.
On motion
Council then adjourned.

wrr


Ayv
s

'<

i
£r

May I ask you to bear in mind that while the Conservatives of Pontiac are united behind me, our opponents of the Liberal Party are a.housc divided among themselves for so great was the dissension in the Liberal ranks and the dissatisfaction with the King government and with Mr. W. It. McDonald, that there are ^Liberal candidates in the field ; Mr. McDonald, the outgoing and self-styled official Liberal Candidate chosen by the Liberals of St. James Street, Montreal, and Mr J. A. Picbe, who is in the field as
In the last Federal election our Conservative
vote was to a great extent split up by the fact that a structionist candidate was in the field, while this year the leader
of that party, the Honourable H. H. Stevens, together with his
supporters are solidly behind Dr. Manion and his candidates.




S

¦
as
s



f
m
Z-	v.

«
S


w
"
X


X

X
two
: *•
X
X
X
ilh.'iraud C> t :rolei $ pestai Dv Lux* Iport Stuj'i.
s
MU
Wttlbrook the
jf Cr
X
straight Liberal.
a
X
Recon-
N
J os. A. Steel K Sec.-Trcas

greater
1940 car buyers are looking for greater values — greater sa\ ings assurance of dependability and long life. . . . And they re finding that Chevrolet leads again in all these tokens of "more for the money".
Chevrolet is not only the streamlined beauty leader of this value year also the ablest all-round performer ! In addition to greater l
it brings you new, unequalled features!
this new Chevrolet
s
s
Mrs Jeremiah J Shea Dies at Renfrew Hospital
The Heath occurred Wednesday, March Oth, in Renfrew Hospital, of Mrs Jeremiah J. Shea, ot Grand Calumet Island, Que. Mrs. Shea, who was the former Mary Anne Donnelly, was born on the Island 59 years ago, a daughter of the |;ite William Donnelly anti his wife, the former Sarah McGee.
Mrs. Shea, who had been in Renfrew Hospital with a heut condition since early in December, had been in failing health for many
X
Believing that I possess the necessary qualifications to fill the responsible position of Member of Parliament and again pledging myself to devote all my time and energy to the advancement of the County of Pontiac and the welfate of my electors, I respectfully solicit your vote and influence in the coming election so as to assure my victory at the polls and thereby assure the triumph of the policies for which I stand, I
X
X
size
x
— but it’s
and increased roominess
You and your family will be mighty proud to own and you'll be money ahead. Because only Chevrolet offers you all these
values at the lowest cost in purchase price—gas—oil—and upkeep.
the soundest car investment of the year.
x
X

a
x
remain,
see
X
greater
Eye it, try it and you’ll buy it
Yours faithully,
X
as
x
ERNEST CARRIER,
Conservative and National Government Candidate for the County of Pontiac.
X
£qe It -T/iq It Buy It !
year*.	.	,...	.
Left to mourn, in addition to
her husband, are one daughter,
iv, Irvine
X
NEW “ROYAL CLIPPER" STYLING . . . NEW FULL-VISION BODIES
. IMPROVED
Marion, at home; two and Richard, both at home ; one brother. Charles Donnelly, Grand Calumet Island ; three sisters, Mrs. Michael Seeley, Larder Lake Out ; Mrs Arthur McNally. Mam waki. Que.; Mrs, Charles P. Shea,
Catuphell's Hay.
The funeral was held on Friday
from her late residence to St. Ann’s Roman Catholic Churc h.. In
terment whs made in the family plot in the parish cemetery, Cain met Island.
5fi
BIGGER INSIDE AND OUTSIDE . .
BY FISHER ... NEW SEALED BEAM HEADLIGHTS, WITH SEPARATE PARKING LAMPS .
-THE RIDE ROYAL"-CHEVROLET'S PERFECTED KNEE-ACTION RIDING
. . PERFECTED HYDRAULIC BRAKES . .. TIPTOE-
I
VACUUM POWER SHIFT . .
SYSTEM* . . . SUPER-SILENT VAIVE-4N-HEAD ENGINE .
. . More than 175 Important Modern feature* In AM.
the following Municipal Officers were appointed viz :—
Victor Young, Walter Clarke, John Biehler, James Kilroy. Victor Me Bane. P. J. O’Hara, Milton Hamilton, Jame* Thomas, Athol Inglee, Harold Cochrane, Vvm Draper, Allen Meredith, Fred Clarke, Basil Stanton, Frank Cornu, Arthur Wiggins and John H. Henderson on the Bristol—Onslow Town Line.
Rural Insj>ect jrs— Urban Muldoon. Garvin Steele and Gervase O’Rielly, Board of Health—J. H. Henderson, Walter Clark and Harold Poole. Medi*
•On Specie/ De luxe Mode/s
C-48B
South Onslow Council
March 4th, 1940
A regular meeting of the Municipal Council was held on above date at th-utmal place of meeting. Member, prev
«J
minute* of last meeting were confix.
am read.
On motion
MATK CLUTCH .
JOHN L. HODGINS
Quebec
Shawville
Shawville Short Course Dates, April 1, 2, 3, 4, 6,
of Crs Fraser-Muldoon,
. /

/

Afi?

•vVW^'


Jliv* A*
y
Aaa> AAA/v-/-/y


wPww
mm
Vs



*¦
MIM



¦
w

*

%









*



&


*





4C








