###PAGE###1###
I $1.50 per annum In Advance f 2.00 to the UnltcdStates
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15. 1940
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE;,
No. 34, 57th Year
i ' IGOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE -
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa. Ontario
Bristol Busy Bees Institute meet at the home of Mrs. Bo> Miss Urace Dngg, of Ladysmith, Macfarlane, on Friday afternoon, spent the past two weeks visiting Fehy Bith, at 2 :>0 o’clock I to , I relatives in town and vicinity. | gram-Candy or cookie recipe ana
sample- Roll mil — Sing, ¦,f»y or
IV I
PERSONAL MENTION
The Duncan Campbell farm, advertised in tliis paper. wn« pm-,,based this week by Mr. Hem y Uilpin, of Maryland.
All ladles home in Fort William, Ont., on
Saturday.
I Miss Eleanor Beckett, narse-in-
Victona
i
Shawvllle Hardware
Pratts Food and Poultry Tonic
noon
day of this week, at Admission. 10 cents, welcome.
DIED
This old reliable school has removed to lai ger and finer
The flnest-and most
Attend a
established
Smith—At Shawville, Que, Monday. February 12, 1040, Robert flngh Edmond Smith, youngest son of the late Mr. and Mrs. Robert Smith, of (beer-mount, Que . in his 08th year. Funeral service at the Hayes Funeral Home, Shawville, on Wednesday. February 14, at 1 p. m. Interment at Charteris,
Que. *
on
premises.
modern in Ontario, school with an reputation. Open all year.
training at Renfrew	,
Hospital, iy spending a two weeks vacation with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Harold Beckett
Cuts Feed Bill : Get Some Today
Pontiao Community Hospital Has Successful Year
. SiÉlif§ iSlss
2£HB5£56= BF=™ ~e
U. A MftcDougall, assisting.	noagm .
Treatment was given 700 pa- Hig Exceliei,cy
liSlptfr*
"*• """ êèîsa69£ #«55
seiftai
The Lady Tweed^innir had been To:onto, constantly at the bedside of her
husband during ins illness both at ijewlvweds Tendered Party Rideau Hall and at the hospital m - y
Eml?i=!=Bss:¥E
. SBEHtoZ
SESe^r-
HsSHiir' asas
nr»-* «*•»-«	ZLÜ'" ssk?"s T sm
* Radford Line 15-2 enite of pa- Anglican Church and its various which he closed with the words :
?.sssBrfrtarfcS
fSSISS éheEI
report of amounts received and zens of the community. Service younger ladies of the congrega-
É™,p-	u
organized.	• text, Rev. 7 : 14. paid touching
tribute to the life or the deceased
..	$507 90 as a church member and citizen.
29 41 The choir, augmented by members 2.00 of the United Church, led the con
__gregation in the singing ot three
favourite funeral hymns,
,	Interment was made in the
village cemetery, the pall bearers, all relatives, being, Messrs.Norval Horner, Harry McUlearf, Ira and WiHiam Hanna, Harold and Lee Hudgins.
Many beautiful tloral tributes — Iweie received from relatives,
$599 31	$699 311 church organizations and friends.
H. W. BRAITHWAITE
Principal
W. E. COWLING, President
Poultry Regulator and Egg Producer Hog Worm Powder and Tonic Heave Cough and Cold Remedy Poultry Worm Tablets Animal Regulator,
Roup Remedy Lice Killer
JAMES A. MILLAR
B A L. LL
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc. 129 Main St.,Hull, Que. At Moyle’. Hotel, Campbell’. Bay
Wednesday morning
MARRIED
every
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
HARLAND C. ROW AT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
Est. C. J. Caldwell
SOU
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shawville. Que.
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
well, ' were
members.
A Indie* auxiliary was also formed. Those elected were, Mrs. Alex. Horner, Charteris ; Mr* K. 1-. Fades, Mrs. P. J Ma«aon* Mr*. C. J. Caldwell, Mrs. S. E. McDowell, Mrs. C. F. C. Powles, Mrs.
A. MacDotigall, Mrs. Reuben Smith mid Mrs. D J Campbell, all of 81m wvilie.
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que, (In Lawn Block)
!
Wabasso Prints
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
L.L.B..
• t
New Wabasso Prints For Spring
Shawville and District Branch Canadian Red Cross Sosie ty
Bright and Colorful
pr<
Branch at Quyon ; will call any
Monday on request	j
Matters dealt with bylcorrespondence |
Charming New Patterns Always maintaining WABASSO QUALITY
Three Price Ranges 20, 25 and 30 cts. per yard
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-2219

189 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay y Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p m.
WABASSO, POLIN, PIQUE, SURETTE
of
ever
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m.
V J*
M r. K P.
:

MM
,

iHr

<86
¦1


m



D. J. CAMBPELL

m

fcSS
Ma#
a#

ü

Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
nod are

Si
Phone 8 I.
%
Wi&X

Dr. R. G. DOCKS

A
?
Dental Surgeon
'î
l)f
r'-
Graduate of MeGiU University p,,st Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbells Bay from Friday n,g],t to Monday night of each
L




The World Day of Prayer w,v*
St. Andrew s l lilted
05

uhsei ved ID Church. Bristol. Friday afternoon, Feb. Hth. with Mrs. W. J. Murray, ident of St. Andrew s W.M.S..
A. Armstrong, prcsi-


x
m
>
£
s

!
||g
•Nr IE8,
m
week
k\
»
m
were read
Dr. R E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
d Medical Building

ï


609 Drummon
Drummond Street
MONTREAL, PLATEAU 6388


\




QUE.
<
u
9 X

Dl\. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
Smart new materials for Housecoats, Dresses, Aprons, ancTother fancy articles. Greatly featured at our last Wabasso Demonstration.
40 to 45 cts per yard
BELAIR 3 257
H. K. MEILSON, IW.D.
Hollywood Patterns
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
ILDI
1C
Simple easy-to-follow instruction chart with every Hollywood pattern, 15 and 25 cents
1I0MKTCAI.fi street
- ONT.
OTTAWA,
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
PHONE, 2-7961
RECEIPTS
Shawville . .. Clarendon ..	.
Bristol . .....
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
• • •
• I
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
SHAWVILÜf - QUE.
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA, ONTARIO
SCIENTIFIC CIE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists on all Vioual and Muscular Eye Defects
T, T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
Ng. Optometrist
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d
— EXPENDITURES
To Ottawa Red Cross $222 28 “To Garland à Sons for work and supplies Local Expenses Balance on hand ..
Quebec
Shawville
73 81 41 26 261 96
• #

Reg. Optometrist
Total
• • e
• #

###PAGE###2###
ports of wheat, flour, meats, new*, print and nickel made up a major portion of the remainder of the increase.
Total domestic exports, exclu* ivc of gold, during 1039, amounted to $000,027,83*2 compared witfc $$37,583.017 in 1038.
December compared to
Canada’s National Forestry Program Embarks On Its Second Season
Both Imports,
Exports Rise
ing last November, worth $101,023,250 compared with $68,887,000 in the tortesponding month of l!'"8.
Total experts were
*
'.v.vv,a-. ... ...T"'iXv'vyXXr:•
U.
¦


I

» k
- ^ £
- m
?


I



Wheat exports were valued at $20.041.103, an increase of Sit*,-008,505 over a year ago, while ex-



Canadian Figures Show Big Increases for Last Part of Year 1939
t

:
$
a

The value of Canada’s imports increased by $21,257,000 during last November compared with the corresponding month of 1038 as all nine broad classifications of imports recorded gains the Dominion Bureau ( f Statistics reports. November imports amounted to $84,501,000 compared with $03,804,000.
While the increase occurred chiefly as a result of heavier purchases abroad of textiles and products. fibres, iron and products, non-ferrous metal products and non metallic mineral products, small gains also were shown in agricultural and vegetable products, chemicals and allied products and miscellaneous commodities.
HEAVY SHIPMENTS OF .	WHEAT
Heavy shipments of wheat accounted for about half of the increase of $32,135,585 in the value of Canada's domestic exports dur-
By William Ferguson
This Curious World
4
t

-EARTHQUAKES
14
:


w

ARE KNOWN TO OCCUR. AT DEPTHS OF
/ÔO /MALES'
BELOW THE SURFACE OF THE EARTH
7



a






*
V
EN


O
i





»









V.
\

IS- ISf

<
I
XV «
X


X

3
11

its practical value in building ooys and accomplishing worthwhile projects in woodcraft and forest conservation attested, the National Forestry Program of Canada will this year embark on its second season on a nation-wide basis. Similar in some respects to the C.C.C.—Civilian Conservation Corps—of the United States, the N.F.P., in its two divisions, provincial and federal, enrolled last year 4,000 or more alert young Canadians in units scattered across the country from Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, to Vancouver Island, British Columbia. Some of the boys of the N.F.P. are shown here in their natty khaki drill shirts and trousers, forage caps and frieze windbreakers.


r

poison
o
>
X
\\
s
A

\

CAN BE REGCX3NIZED
Bv ns WHITE BE&Z/ES/
non-foisonous kinds
HAVE fZEO BEB/ZJES.
t
é
XX
x
not only to foretell, but to plead for obedience, and trust, the fruits sought by God. The whole history of the Jewish nation is summed up in this dark picture).
FARM
NOTES
Sunday
School
Lesson
with many poultry men and farmers, especially those near targe towns and cities. Profits received for money invested are very attractive, and the turnover is rapid.
Considerable experimental work with different varieties of ducks, and the use of different feeds fed in different ways have been carried on at the Experimental Farm In Ottawa, states A. Ci. Taylor, Poultry Division. A brief summary of results obtained would indicate that ducklings of the Pekin breed make the best gains with the least amount of feed, handled, ducklings of this breed make one pound gain in weight on 3.5 to 4 pounds of feed consumed. They cau be developed to market age in abt ut ten weeks time when fed on a mixture of equal parts of corn meal, shorts and bran, with ten per cent, beef meal added. It is a good plan to add about uno per cent, fine salt to the mash. Mix thoroi ghly in its dry state before using.
Frequent feeding promotes rapid growth. Feed six tim.j daily from the start until the ducklings are three weeks old, and five hues daily until they are ready for market.

a
ft
WINTER MILK SUPPLY
I
His Beloved Son
37. But afterward he sent unto them his son, saying. They will reverence my son. In the sending of his own Son by the heavenly Father is the last and crowning effort of divine mercy. 38. But the husbandmen, when they saw the son, said among themselves, This is the heir; come, let us kill him, and take his inheritance. 39. And they took him, and cast him forth out of the vineyard, and killed him. 40. When therefore the lord of the vineyard shall come, what will he do unto those husbandmen? 41. They say unto him, He will miser ably destroy those miserable men. and will let out the vineyard unto other husbandmen, who shall render him the fruits in their seasons. The men who put to the death the vineyard owner’s son had foolishly failed to reckon on the wrath of the vineyard-owner himself and the inevitable punishment which he would mete out to them for murdering the heir. The Jews thought that by getting rid of the Lord Jesus they would put an end to his popularity, to the devotion that was being offered to him by an increasing number of people.
Z
The progressive dairy farmer le realizing more and more the value of properly feeding Ills milking herd during the winter months. C. D. MacKenzie. Division of Animal Husbandry, Central Experimental Farm, Ottawa, points out that In winter feeding for milk production, a supply of good hay, silage or roots, or both; a suitable meal mixture, a mineral supplement, salt, and water are required. The most suitable kind of hay for milking cows is alfalfa, followed in order of suitability by clover and mixed bay. Mixed hay, however, should contain a large proportion of alfalfa or clover. Timothy hay is decidedly inferior for milk production. The quality of the-hay used for milking cows is just as important as the kind of hay. It should be cut early, well cured, bright and clean.
Silage or roots should be provided for winter feeding it at all possible.

••
i
z


/
t
XT
ft*
o

I
LESSON VI
THE PERILS OF REJECTING
CHRIST
Matthew 21:17—22:14 Printed Text, Matt. 21:28-43 Golden Text — “I am the way, and the truth, and the life: no one cometh unto the Father, but by me.” John 14:6.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING Time — The cursing of the fig-tree took place previous to the cleansing of the temple, on Monday of Passion Week, April 3. The remarks concerning the withered fig-tree, and all other teachings recorded in this lesson belong to the following day, Tuesday, April 4th.
Place — The withered fig-tree was, of course, standing on the Mount of Olives.
IT IS ESTIMATED THAT TAKE AN ANNUAL TOLL OF -/50,000 HUMAN LIVES	22
t
••


When property
COP* 1M7 *v NCA SERVICE INC
f ?
ALTHOUGH many earthquakes shift the earth at the surface, others leave no visible trace of such movements, since they occur far in the earth’s interior Most of the shallow quakes take place at a depth of about 25 miles
NEXT* What birds dance together during courtship season?
RADIUM DISCOVERER
DUCKS FOR MARKET
Growing ducks for market is a specialized side line in poultry keeping and is becoming popular
All the other
Answer to Previous Punie
21	She and her 	were codiscoverers of radium.
22	Pigeon house.
24	To subsist.
25	She worked all her life to advance
HORIZONTAL
1. 8 Woman who discovered radium 5 Ocean.
12	Wing
13	Director.
16	Hops kiln.
17	To perch.
19	Split.
20	Kimono sash.
21	Drenched with a hose,
23	Writing implement.
24	To extol.
26 Notched.
28	Abounds.
29	Senior.
31	Always.
32	Sloth.
33	Having a back.
35	Form of “be.
36	Black bird.
37	Taxi.
39	Misdemeanor.
40	Public.
43	Moccasin.
44	To perform.
45	Toward.
46	Poem.
teachings and words of our Lord in this lesson were uttered in the temple at Jerusalem.
The cursing of the fig-tree by our Lord in this lesson is intended to be a symbol of the coming judgment upon Israel. Finding no fruit the tree proving itself to have failed in the purpose for which it was grown, Jesus declared that no fruit should grow upon it from henceforth forever. The tree was false also, because Its full-grown leaves promised fruit. This fact suggests the falseness of Israel in that day (outward religious forms without spiritual fruit).
QrflMBin@
Y
YE
AW Ü

u
IQLAiTJEM!A|

42. Jesus saith unto them, Did ye never read in the scriptures, “The stone which the builders rejected, The same was made the head of
This was from the

SIT
m

RADIO B NOTES
UA'TE
6
N
AC!H
I
A
the corner.
Lord, And it is marvellous in our eyes”? The religious leaders of the Jews did not recognize in Christ their promised Messiah. 43. Therefore say I unto you, The kingdom of God shall be taken away from you, and shall be given to a nation bring forth the fruits thereof.
ME TML I iN E AIM
FOwrpKIL A!SL
ïph'RSErmenFu
N
27 Auto body. 30 Genus of frogs.
32 Melody.
34	Fortress.
35	Seeks to
50 Constellation. 4 Type standard 39 One that
5	One who snipes.
6	Roof ege
7	Deputy
8	Credit.
9	Cloaks.
NEWS
AND
NS
s
By MADGE ARCHER
Friday, February 9. over the NBC-Bluc network. Bill Stern and Sam Taub will and the a rid 11 andunu
From statistics made in a recent survey of types of programs on the air, it would seem that drama has jumped into the lead, and that variety is sinking to a low ebb. A closer examination of the situation, however, leads one to believe that such is not really the case. Variety shows like the Chase and Sanborn Hour, Good News, Jack Bent)y and the Kraft Music Hall are still drawing their full quota of listeners.
NEW PROGRAMS There ai e more new pr, grams in the offing. It is rumored that Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, in spite of swearing off radio last year, may return to the Columbia network with a series of shows starring famous film players. Only Greta Garbo and Norma Shearer would be kept off the air, continues the rumor. Fach piogram, it is said, is to cost $21,000.00, no less ! A new quiz show, called “This Amazing America,” is definitely due on the NBC-Blue network on Friday, Feb. Hi. It will be broadcast weekly on that day at 8.00 p.m F ST. Background music will be provided by Royal Shield and the Ranch Boys
will be heard on Fridays EST., in future.
LOUIS vs. GODOY This column may catch you in time to serve as warning for the broadcast of Joe Louis' next fight. The Brown Bomber's match with Arturo Godoy, heavyweight champion from Chile, will be relayed from Madison Square Garden on
47 Royal.
3 To lift up.
Unbelief Condemned
*
52	Indian.
53	Ancient Gallic tribe.
55 Epoch.
57 She was a student
living in Paris 10 Cow-headed
goddess.
bates.
41	Frozen water
42	Science of reasoning.
46	Indian.
47	Hurrah.
48	Tree.
49	Falsehood
51	Branch of learning.
52	Above.
53	Postscript.
54	I am.
56 While.
Matt. 21:28. But what think ye? The chief priests and elders have been demanding that Jesus declare the source of his authority. A man had two sons; and he came to the first, and said, Son, go. work today in the vineyard. 29. And he answered and said, I will not. But afterward he repented himself and he went. 80. And he came to the second, and said likewise. And he answered and said, 1 go, sir: and went not. The second son is like to the scribes and Pharisees who professed zeal for the law. 31. Which of the two did the will of Ills father? They say, the first. Jesus saith unto them, Verily I say unto you, that the publicans and the harlots go into the kingdom of God before you. The application here is to the Jewish rulers and outwardly correct persons who were fartner away from the kingdom of God than were the moral scum of so-
TO BK HEARD . . .. Feb. 9, 8 p.m., CBL, “City Desk,” story of a metropolitan newspaper . . . 9.30 CBL Along the boulevards . . . Feb. 10, 1.55 p.m., CBL Metropolitan Opera .
The United States Today Gram Swing . .
('BY, NBC, Symphony Orchestra conducted by Bruno Walter . . . Feb. 11,3 p.m harmonic . . .
World Today ... 8 p.m.
Chase and Sanborn Hour . .
Student Talks Himself Awake
#'
. 7.45 p.m. CBL,
58 She became a world-famous
R.
Alarm Clock, Phonograph Record Used — Get Good Results Every Morning
11 And.
14	Measure of area.
15	Half an cm. 18 Sandpiper. 20 Salamander.
. 10. p.m., CBL,
---- (pi.).
VERTICAL
1	Mother.
2	Too.
CFRB, N. Y. Phil-6.30 p.m. CBL, The
CBL,
How often have you gone to bed and said to yourself: “Tomorrow Pll really get up on time!” (but just don't.)
Then witness late-slumbering H. William Richter, Jr., Brown University sophomore 1'iom Bridgewater, Mass., who overcomes this common weakness with the help of electric alarm clock and a phonograph.
• t
I
4

6
7
10
L
II
s
V
8.80 p.m., CBL, One Man’s Family . . . Feb. 12, 7.45 p.m. CBL, “Lincoln and Democracy” talk by Raymond Massey .
Tun? Up Time . . . 8.30 p.m CBL With the Troops in England . . . 9.30 p.m. CBL Kathleen Par-low, violinist . .
Little Old Hollywood . . . Feb. 13, 8.30 p.m. CBL Information Please . . . 9.80 p.m. CBL Fibber McGee
. . 10 p.m. CBL Les
2
D
O
. . 8 p.m. CFKB,
BBC,
17
18
19
20
•9
l
is
24
2
i- L
an
26
. 10 p.m. CBL
26
CLOCK STARTS PHONOGRAPH
29
30
31
32
At 7.30 a.m. the alarm goes off, throwing a switch which starts the phonograph. Then William hears himself tell himself a thing or two:
“Get up, Bill, get up.”
The recording of Richter's voice begins gently but persuasively.
“Now, Bill,” it says, “don’t give of that stuff. No, don't

clety.
32. For John came unto you in the way of righteousness, and ye believed him not. Conspicuous in the life and teaching of John the Baptist had been the “righteousness” that the Pharisees themselves recognized, fasting, and prayer. But the publicans aud the harlots believed him. And ye, when ye saw it, did not even repent yourselves afterward, that ye might believe him. hardest man in the world to win to Christ is the religious man, who has regularly gone to church, who r^ads good books, gives to every worthy cause, is externally morally good.
z

33
34
and Molly .
Concerts Symphoniques Concert . . . Feb. 14, 8.80 p.m. CBL Serenade for Strings ... 9 p.m. CBL Co-operation in Western Canada . . . 9.30 p.m. and his orchestra .
m

•>
36
11
70
*1139
“What’s My Name?”
at 9.80
0
A
J
43
I s-
CBL Percy Faith . . 10 p.m. CBL Brahms Liedeslieder . . 10.30 p.m. CBL Talk by Anthony Eden “Britain Today” . . . Feb. 15, 8.30 p.m. CBL “On Paiade” ... 9 p.m. CBL Good News ... 10 p.m. Bing Crosby and Bob Burns . . 10 p.m. CFRB Columbia Workshop . . .
almsgiving,
p.m
•t

45
us any
turn over again. You know what will happen if the dean hears about ' your sleeping through another 8 o’clock class.” Then it roars: “Do you hear me? Hey, hey, get up!”
Obedient and open to conviction, Bill generally does.
6
Ari
AQ
48
50
2
r :
54
55
The
6
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP - War-Minded Pop
The Wicked Husbandmen
Hear another parable: There aas a man that was a householder, who planted a vineyard, and set a a edge about it, and digged a wine» press in it, and built a tower, and et it out to husband) .en, and w ent into another country. The imagery In this parable is taken from Isa. 1.2, where the vineyard represents Israel. 84. And when the season of the fruits drew near, lie sent his serrants to the husbandmen, to receive bis fruits. 35. And the husband m mi took his servants, and beat one, and killed another, and stoned another. 3U. Again he sent ptber servants more than the first; and they did unto them in like man-(These servants were the prophets of Israel, whose office was
•• ••
fio

I HEAR TUAT LAST SUNDAY YOU MAD
A CANON IN THE
PULPIT-
- the choir murdered
THE ANTHEM AND THE ORGANIST
drowned THE Choi R :
ITS GETTING A BIT DANGEROUS IN YOUR
CHURCU,
isn't it:
WHY?

1
z-
I
%


A
;
v J


h



\T
• «
k \\
é
. ^
m
i
N
r»*»'

i

mmm
m-





<v*



ner.

###PAGE###3###
Six-Week Feast
i”
How Can I ?
11 It DOES taste good in a pipe!
. 15*
HAVE YOU HEARD
about the Canada Starch Home ^pf*®** Service Dept., directed by Mrs. H. u Aitken, famoue Cooking Authority ? It offers a wide range ot valuable recipe and other booklet fl 1 h'M

Chinese begin preparing for their New Year (February 18th) a month in advance. The entire bouse is washed down and every corner
mm
HANDY SEAL-TIGHT POUCH
1/2-LB. "LOK.TOPu TIN . 60* also packed in Pocket Tins
8Y ANNE. ASHI EY
WmèM
Q. How can I make a novelty candlestick salad?
A. Use a thick slice of pineapple for the base, place half a banana upright for the candle, and top this with a maraschino cherry. Serve with French dressing.
Q. How can I keep the piano free of moths?
A. Hang a couple of small bags of camphor inside, near the felt.
I
IJ I
I
I
scrubbed. It is decorated the outside with paper which good wishes are written ;
must bathe and women

i
on
I
on

D
everyone
wash their hair. The custom is to completely new outfit and the first day of the year only vegetables like, soya-bean curd, eaten. Real feasting begins the second day when the entire population ceases work. J he feast for fourteen days, the

«

i
I

»
wear a

on

are
rill
I
m

Write now for the Booklet entitled "62 Cake* a Year”. Enclose a label from any Canada Starch Product and address The Canada Starch Home Service Dept. A,
.	49 Wellington St E., y
Toronto.
Z
ri#

on
gum
He sure that the bags do not touch
X
the resoundiug keys.
Q. How can 1 prevent the mattress and bedding from acquiring rust stains?
A. Give the bed springs a coat of white or cream-colored paint.
q. How cau 1 clean aluminum-ware?
A. Try pouring a few ounces of vinegar into each aluminum utensil, heating It and then scouring the surface. The surface will look like new.
Q. How can 1 prevent the iron from sticking to starched goods?
A. A small quantity of turpentine added to the pot of starch will prevent the Iron from sticking to the goods.
Q. How can I remove the odor of ¦tale cigarette smoke from a room?
A. Place a pan of ammonia water In the room overnight.
Canada’s production of automobiles for the eleven months end. ed November 30, 1030, amounted to 138,338 units.
poor
middle-class for three weeks and the rich for six weeks. Even at dinners given by the poor it wou.d be shameful to sit down to fewer than nine dishes, while at more elaborate banquets the least number of courses is twenty-four.
BUSINESS COURSES
BY MAIL
\
...
\
;
- N

T,enrn to earn a good salai Take a Shaw Secretarial. Sten graphic, Accountancy, Ad vert i Ing or Show-card Writing <’ourse. Bept results at reasonable cost from a Canadian school of 40 years' experience. Write for particulars.
ITCH-mÆk
|or quick relief from itching of eez'ma. pimples, athlete's foot, scales, scsbirs, rash's and other externally eaiwd akin troubles, use world-famous, cooling, antw Vptio, liquid D. D. D. Prescription. Oreaaele*. nleas. Soothes irritation and quickly stops intena* ing. 3.5c trial bottle proves it, or money back. Ask four dr'ggist today for D. D. D. PRESCRIPTION.
STOPPED
o -
Canadian National Railways Revenues
The gross revenues of the all-in-clusivo Canadian National Railways for tho week ending January 21st, 1040, were $3,813,320, as compared with $3,127,076 for the corresponding week of 1939, an Increase of $680.244 or 21.9 per cent.
- -

School hours in (Irimsby, England, have been changed so that children may get home before the mid-day traffic rush.
HaveYou Heard
SHAW SCHOOLS Dept. W., lilt! Ray St., Toronto
g
.. CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
• •
LEG non NS FOR SALE
BECKER STRAIN. SINGLE COMB dark brown Leghorns, male* $3.00, trios	Henry Becker, Waterloo. Ontario.	__________
\GENTS WANTED
LYONS
The explorer, , bowing low, approached the eavage chief.
MI come to you from beyond the •unset," the white man began ceremoniously, "from the Great White King — "
"Tell me," interrupted the chief, "why don’t you guys do something •bout the punk radio programs you send over here?"
New Head of CBG
127 HOMEWORK PLANS
PERIMA 11V CLEARANCE SALK NEW AND RECONDITIONED FURNITURE
BE YOUR OWN BUSS. THESE plans can be worked anywhere. Particulars free. Guardian Lx-change. 971 College St., Toronto.
Outstanding Values that will Impel you to buy now for later requirements.
MEN WANTED
YOU CAN
within three months. If you are tired Of working to earn profits for someone else, own your business, and enjoy amazing profit* every hour, selling 200 guaranteed necessities used in every home. No obligation. Get details and catalogue FREE! Familex Products. 570"st. Clement. Montreal.
Free Storage	Open Evening*
DINING ROOM 11ARGAINS
4 q Zc* Solid oak dining room suite.
buffet, extension table and six leather upholstered chairs.
0 « 7- Fumed oak dining suite, Z*t./ J ]arge buffet, extension table and six leather slip-seat chairs, completely reconditioned, on Nine-piece dining suite, hu.fet. •J y china cabinet, extension table and six leather upholstered chairs, perfect condition.
Beautiful large dining suite, In
rich walnut finish, buffet, extension table, china cabinet and four leather upholstered chairs, pletely refinished.
Modern English oak dinette suite, (floor sample), buffet, extension jack-knife leaf tabic, and four chairs, in red leather.
Smart nine-piece walnut timing suite, large buffet, china cabinet, extension table and six leather upholstered chairs; like new.
Modern English oak dining suite (floor sample, regular $139.), beautifully carved buffet extension table, china cabinet and si* cLairs upholstered in red leather.
Beautiful mahogany 18th century period dining suite (a floor sample, regular $275), large buffet, extension table, china cabinet and six chairs upholstered win* I .«shade, loom curl, one only.
s 7- rge assortment of odd bur-O./ J fets, and extension tables, in oak and walnut finishes, in Sn And up, several odd china cabinets, in solid oak, birch and walnut, refinished.
I
GARMENTS.
* Sell Dress and Work Shoes. Sports and Service Boots, also Mew s Working Garments. * rets selling
Step-Lasy Uume
HEALTH
TOPICS
bonuses.
3 Hi 7 Notre
equipment. Shoes. Reg'd., West. Montreal
r
"I am very proud of the way my •on has worked hie way to the
top."
PLANNING A NEW
to home modernizing; easily and quickly applied; attractive color combinations for kitchen, bathroom. Edmund Wind Lumber Ltd, 2579 Danforth Ave.. Toronto, er your Local Lumber Dealer.
"What !s he doing?"
"Well, he started as a shoemaker and finished as a hairdresser."
MILKING MACHINES________
GRADE “A” MILKER MILKS TWO cows at once into separate containers. No pulsatora. No old-fashioned pipelines. Write to-day. William E. Daw den. 21 Quebec Ave., Toronto.
M l( WINERY FOR SALE
DON’T OVERDO EXERCISE
Too much emphasis is placed on exercise as a health factor, Dr. William O'Brien, director of post-graduate medical education at the University of Minnesota believes.
Exercise is beneficial in small doses but there is danger in overdoses. "If you feel In the mood for exercise, the best thing to do is sit down and rest until the mood has passed," he said.
After the 40th birthday more rest and a firmer check on bad habits is necessary, he declared, because the body cannot stand so much punishment.
50.
%
Co
com-
•r
Ruth was a sweet girl. She was reading a book that gave the mean-lag of names. Her mother was watching her, and thinking of all the young men who were attracted to her.
"Mother," says Ruth, "It says FMI ip means lover of horses, and James means beloved. Mother, I wonder what George means?"
"I hope, my dear, that George cans business."
CO
i
\
MA II Y CHICKS


XV A DE PORTABLE DRAG SAWS, reasonably priced, easy to operate, a money-maker wherever there are logs to he cut. Write for free descriptive bulletin, 'the A. K. Williams Machinery Co.. Ltd., o4 Front St.. West. Toronto.
CIO FEATURE OF Tweddle 134‘i Chicks and at new low prices for, 1940 you get famous — .. ———— —	.......
ability, egg laying ability
BRICE IS A
I
Twëddle Chicks noted for 11V-
ana
on
<
s&ssnws sis H.y.
cries, Ltd., Fergus, Ontario._
BRAY CHICKS. QUICK AND HIGH production mean earlier Profits. Get them by ordering u°w. 1 wo hatches weekly. Started immediate shipment 1 - 4 w,eks.
SL N., Hamilton.______________
1
MAGAZINES
169.
Rene Morin, of Montreal, has been appointed chairman of the board of directors of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
Book Exchange, Regina bask. _
In these modern days of radio and propaganda, it la now possible for half the world to learn how the
other half lies.
OFFER TO INVENTORS
an offer to every inventor
List of inventions and full information sent free. The Ramsay Co Registered, Patent Attorneys, 2» 3 B atilt Street. Ott a w_a, Ca n ad a.
DIET FOR COLDS
Complete immunity to infectious canupt be brought about by dietary means, and with many diseases nutrition has no effect, but a tremendous amount can be done to keep resistance at a high level by proper nutrition.
It has been found that a deficiency of any of the necessary food elements tends to increase susceptibility to infections. The foods to emphasize are milk, cheese, eggs, fruits, and vegetables. If you are susceptible to colds take some source of Vitamin D.
Modern E tiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
•t
A man appeared at the gate of s nudist colony, rang the bell and waited.
From inside:	"What de you
want?”
"I want to join."	"
"You can t Join with that blue
eu St on."
"That isn’t a blue suit, sir. 1 am Just cold."
BEDROOM BARGAINS
^ q; 100 mattresses, all sizes, deeply packed with fresh cotton, closely tufted, roll edges 111 good quality floral art ticking. No C.O.D. o rd 0 rs.
</» ni Simmons steel bed outfit*. I— Bi walnut finish, Battle#» steel spring and new cotton-filled mattress.
/r q- and up. large assortment or UU ’ dresFC •* »n walnut, birch and enamel finishes.
Complete bedroom suite. In rich walnut finish, largo dresser, chiffonier, full size bed. Hagless spring and new wi.t. t. •	.
iy refinished.
Beautiful four-pieco bedroom suite, in two-tone walnut finish. dresser, vanity, chiffonier and full size bed, completely refinished. Modern bedroom suite. In the new bleached walnut with Venetian mirror (floor sample), dreader, with round mirror, chiffonier, full size bed. Sugless spring, new. mattress and two pillows.
Beautiful large walnut bedroom suite, completely refinished, dresser, chiffonier, vanity, bench, full size bed. .Sagless spring and a new mattress.
7 r Ultra-modern bedroom suite, / completely refinished, dresser, chiffonier, vanity, bench, full size bed, Sagless spring, new mattress and pair pillows.
(Repossessed), beautiful walnut bed room suite (used one month, cost $199), largo dresser, vanity, chiffonier, full size bed and Sugless spring guaranteed perfect.
CHESTERFIELD II Alt G AIMS .17 07 Comfortable studio lounge, spring-filled mattress, tlin e well-filled cushions, upholstered in figured repp easily converted Into double or two single bed*.
Floor sample, chesterfield bed, upholstered In good quality brown repp, has largo wardrobe compartment for bedding.
Studio suite, three pieces, modern design, in chrome frame, spring-tilled throughout, covered in sturdy repp; your cnoice of colors.
Jompicto living room outfit, JO pieces), 3-piece chesterfield suite, upholstered in brown repp, reversible Marshall spring cushions, bridge lamp and siik shade, walnut end table, silk cushion, table lamp and shade, and modern mutai smoking stand.
3 i Smart 3-ploco chesterfield suite upholstered in novelty repp, figured reversible Marshall spring cushions, pillow arms and curved showwood facings.
ROAi* æE fiwmMbloodte|t-ed stock, also Government Approved and pedigree mated, uur large trapnest breeding farm for over 19 years under Government ILO.P. inspection has specialized In the world famous Tom Barron White Leghorns and O.A.C. Barred Rocks. Send for our nexv early order price list and free poultry book of building plans, feeding directions, treatment of diseases, etc. Special Discounts for chick orders booked by Feb. 15th. Oak Kidge Farm, Box lUti, Port credit. Ont	-
I’EltSUNAL
EASILY,
remedy.
QUIT TUBACCU. SNUFF, inexpensively. Hume Testimonials. Guaranteed. Advice free. Bartlett's. Box 1, Winnipeg.
lf Is a friend who does not possess the least trace of envy worth cultivating? »
2.	Should a pretty girl in an office expect special favors on account of her sex?
3.	What would be a good toast to give at a wedding anniversary?
4.	When one is going away on an extended trip and a friend gives her a "send-off" party, should she write this friend a letter while away ?
5.	When you arc a guest at a small dinner party, and a dish is served that you particularly dislike, what should you do?
(3. How can a man entertain bis friends if his only home is one hotel room ?
GUARANTEED
STUl’S KURT LUE.
Hat, self-adjusting springs, uuaers traps, $4.5u, Free lrial. Fleming, luU'J Granville. Vancouver, JJ.C.
No
39
J
CS •
**Do you enjoy novel reading* Mise Prim?"
"Ob, very much. One can assi-clate with people In fiction that wouldn't dare to speak to In
it-
HEBATOLA RELIEVES STOMACH
troubles. Symptoms:
and
____ Liver
rains in right aide, under shoulder ulades and across nips, indigestion,
trouble, formula of doctor, suits ill one day ! lTleo $5.UU. Mrs. Geo. S. Annas, Box 1U73W, saskatoon. Sasic.
49.
Field Crop Value
Cumoea in l»od
BAP»Y CHICKS, ALL $3 PER HL-\ ID-red. Burred Rocks, White Leghorns. K. 1. Reds, Wyandot tes. New Hampshires. February and March delivery. Carlton Hatchery. Britannia Heights, Out. _________
constipation, gall
Re-
gas,
one
59.
real life."
finish,
STUM.SCH SUFFEREIUS! LET DR.
scientific
Past Year Best for
$634.130.000 in Was Canada s Nearly Decade — 15 Per Cent | Over 1938
What Science
IIL1LIJ a I1IIHK
McLeods successful remedy Stomachic clear up your stoma'h trouble, like it has for so many others. Une user states: "For years 1 was troubled with gnawing pain below breast-bone, it caused gas and bloating, i tried many remedies, but my only relief soda, and that for short time omy. After meals it didn't bother me for a few hours, then if 1 ate something it stopped, coming again alter some time. The pain bothered me worst at night. After taking three bottles oi Dr. McLeod s .Stomachic, 1 was free from pain. 1 kept on improving and nave now been well lor six years, enjoying my meals without medicine." .stomachic is useiul in overcoming gas, bloating, sour stomach wild is especially heipfui for some time inter eating and
65.
5-RUUM BUNGALOWS BUILT ON your lot for $2,ôvu on Govt. Loan. Terms of $250 down — $14.71 per month. York Heights Development 330 Buy Street. Toronto.
IS
Co
value to Canadian farmers or field crops harvested in 1939 was $631,139,001*, some $84,061.000 inure than iu 1933, the Dominion Bureau of Statistics reported in Its third estimate of 1939 yields.
Ths revised 1939 figure an increase of 15 per cent, over 1933 was tho highest since 1930 when tho valuation was $662,040,900.
Valuation ot last year’s produc*
ranked tar Dolow
dross
was
Doing
CHESTER FI ELDS FUlt SA M0
Answers
129.
$1 WEEKLY.
1. Yes, because this friend in nil probability has many other virtues. According to La Rochefoucauld, “The most certain sign of being born with greyt qualities is to be born without envy." 2. Never. Her position depends upon her efficiency, and she is not there to be courted or petted. 3. “May your
anniversaries be out-
CHEST El (FIELDS -
We pay the freight, all you pay is a rock-bottom price for chesiei. fields I rum Toronto's largest d ii -great pieces — chesterfield, 2 chairs and modern stool to match, rebuilt and uphulsieied in brand new repp utid tapes, tapestry coverings, spring filled back, cushions. attractive design, only $49. Another bargain, originally pensive suites, thoroughly recoil-ditiotied. $29.50. Send $ld.U'l now. balance $l.UU weekly. We pay tho freight to your station. Sat.sfac-tion or your money back. Royal Chesterfield Mfgrs.. Vti Richmond East. Toronto.

SLEEPING SICKNESS SECRET?
For six years, Dr. Alma J. Neill, a physiology profe-ssor at the University of Oklahoma, has been working on her theory that the disease of sleeping sickness springs from a toxin carried in grains of corn, possibly other plants.
From the results of her experiments, Dr. Neill believes that the disease is not a contagious one, but rather Is a condition transmitted from plants to animals when the plants are eaten.
ex-
69.
pain _
mg lit indigestion. Ask your druggist or write to Dr. McLeod s stomachic Co., 5u8 Bathurst, Toronto.
tion. now ever,
1919 because higu prices for tue field crops at mat time set an alltime top of $1,237,169,000. Lower farm prices in many instances in 1939 onset increased production in
coming
numbered only by your coming pleasures." 4. Yes, and as soon as possible after leaving, expressing again how much she enjoyed lier thoughtfulness. 5. Tho courteous thing to do is to take a small portion, and pretend to eat it. 6. He can give a dinner or supper at the hotel, also a theater or opera

39.
SEEDS
59.
EDI 4 A t ION A L
SEED DEALERS — GROWERS Secure Highest Market Sample to Hurry r inner, Jarvis Street, Toronto.
priced.
3081$
STL BLN I S NU vv EN BULLING FUR
Mali iculatiuii. Short
many lines.
Value oi the 1939 wheat crop, now estimated at 489,623,000 bushels, was placed at $253,779,000, an increase of $41.514,000 from 1938. Easier prices offset some of the production boost.
Coarse grain prices, however, better for the 1939 crop than
courses iu
Story. Journalism, Shorthand and Speech Cultui e. Make use of your , spare time. Write today. Canadian Correspondence College, (established 1UU2). 229 Youge Street. Toronto.	_______
EASE BATTLE WOUNDS
New method of "spot deadening” of war wounds has been developed to aid in caring for injured soldiers on the battlefield.
The emlmination of pain by applying anaesthetic# directly to a wound or the nerve# near It without deadening the entire body is the secret of this method of treatment.
>ERt> POTATOES
BUYING, SELLING, CAR LUTS, Truckloads, Table. Certltied seed, uutanbs, islands. Ask itiscys, the largest potato dealers in Ontario, ti4 Front St. E., Toronto.
party.
ELEVI'MIU MOTORS
Beautiiui largo three-piece chesterfield suit**, upholstered in figured brown velour. Marshall spring cushions, spring-filled armp, thoroughly clean.
California bed chairs, larfi* assortment of covers, full Marshall spring cushions.
, ALSU Jones &
ELECTRIC MUTUK. 2 11.t'other sixes.
29U Adelaide Si.
Early Edition
wero
for the 1933. Oats were valued at $165,963,009, an increase* of $16.626,000; barley at $33,147,000, an in-of $4,701,000; rye $5,766,000.
an iuciease of $2,619,000.
The total value mixed grain was placed at $18,902,000, an increase of $3,776,000.
Alt the other coarse grains showed increases, especially flax seed at $3,030,000, more than double the year before when the crop valued at $1,420.000.
several Moore Electric. W., Toronto.
frOLDlKIt'* hUivUU MULL AND CERTIFICATE
A level inch of snow last night Has spread a scribbled page of white
Where all who walk in careful shoes
May read the early morning news.
The milkman with a six-foot stride Came here, and from the other
side
The newsboy tossed a folded page Of doings on a wider stage.
34.95
HONOR ROLL UR CERTIFICATE of survive, beautifully designed every province and unit repre% sen ted. Size 16 x 22 iu V colours, suitable ivr framing, space lor pdvtugf ipn and scroll for permanent record. Every soldier’s home needs one. Mailed to any place iu Canada, $1.UU. E. Mackintosh, photugrupiicr and copywriter. 59 Granby street, Toronto.____________
I IMIS — PRINTS
crease
FREE enlargement in studio. Folder with each order. Films developed and printed by experts. 25c: reprints IV for 25c. Nil-Way Photo Service, Station "A”. Toronto.
HUG SPECIALS
Seamless quality, Oriental, modern and conventional patterns, in Ax-minsters, Wiltons, Hroadlooms and tapestries, in most all sizes, at prewar prices.
"INVISIBLE GLASS'*
A method tdr coating the surfaces of lenses for eyeglasses and
cameras
•1st ordinary wear and will transform the lenses Into the so-called Invisible glass by eliminating reflections from Its surface, has been
worked out at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.-
with a. film that will re-
IIAKIM APPLE HIKE*
ODD PIECES
Modern breakfast suites, buffet table and six chairs in water
of color
39.
UAltDY APPLE IRE Ed — 6U Cl 6. each. Canada's Lowest Priced Nur-aery, growing leading varieties Fruit Trees. Ornamentals. Write immediately requesting sensational offerings. Tube's Treery. Nia-gara-on-the-Uike. Ontario. ________
TWELVE UEMXANTS — $1.00
was
fall design; your choice
¦HHHH
o q: and up, gas stoves, 3 and 4 0,sJ burners,thoroughly clean and guaranteed.
Kitchen cabinets In oak and onmnel finishes, with sliding porcelain table lops, completely reconditioned.

•»
ALL WOOL REMNANTS — FINEST meus suiting material, minimum size 9" by 5t>" and larger. Ma led Collect. Money-back Guarantee. Aronoff Bros., Ltd., 274A Demon-tiguy East, Montreal.
v
Hero Towser took his morning run And groveled in the snow for fun . . •
But breakfast calls us; back we go And leave our doings on the snow.
—Gerald Raftery
10.50
I
ICE-LOADERS
»
l
XAJLT ICE-LOADERS. WONDERFUL capacity, strong, practical, durable, easily moved. John Tait, Iron
Bridge, Ontario.	______
FOR HANG ON
id Sn 6-piece breakfast suite, buf-JU ftit, drop-loaf table and 9jf-fet, in good order.
TRAIN ED DE TECT! V ES
COUGHS COLDS
AMBITIOUS MEN 17 AND OVER wanted immediately for secret-service and detective work, complete training course by correspondence. Free Information. Write to C. M. Julien. Box 25. Station T. Montreal.
OVEN EVENINGS
Huy with eon f I dr nee. All goods sold on a poaltlte money-bark guarantee of satisfaction.
/
DUE
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
»
TO
LYONS FURNITURE CO.
478 Yonge St., Toronto
ASTHMA, BRONCHITIS
•If
Feathers Bought
New
Used
IS ED CLOTHING
SENSATIONAL BARGAINS IN USED clothing! Write for big, tree Illustrated catalogue on Men's, Ladles and Children’s used clothing. Dowdy's Mall Order Department, 317 Notre Dame Avenue, Winnipeg, Manitoba.
end elAsf *e«piVolory Ailments foire tie OW AeWoWe
til’ELTAl.lZING IN REBUILT MO-lOKS, POWER-UNITS. Hydraulic I foists. W Inches. Generators. Starters. Magnetos, Carburetors. Radiators — Exchange Service, Glass — ’iatlslMcilon or refund. Lsvy Auto Parts, Toronto.
One Block North of College

Canadian Feather & Mattress
Co.
remits
ISSUE NO. 6— 40
4147 SPRUCE ST., TORONTO

cx* ;
###PAGE###4###
h


s
aaaan
THE EQUITY
Nurse. /	_
Mution by Comr. Wibon, that Kev. A. F. Pokes, Rev. T E R Nurse and Rev. J. Weaver be asked to give a short
_____ addtess to the pupils in the upper
----I grades of the Shawville High School,
and that Comr Nurse be authorized to make arrangements for the carrying out of this resolution—Carried.
The following bills were presented for
approval :
Provincial Blank Forms ....
Ken Hodgins, work at No 5 R. Wallace Hurray, supplies Mover School Supplies.....
>
70 Per Gent. More
t
<
Hodgins Garage


x
s
SHAWVILLE, FEB. 15, 1940
s
K
Pig’s by Feeding the
s
x
x
X
E
s
f
Inadequate Medical Attention In Canada îs Reported
s
SHUR-GAIN

\
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service

Chevrolet,
<
Inadequate medical attention for ail cl a ses of Canadians is reported in a published account of a study of medical and health services completed recently by the National Committee for
According to a study conducted by Dean Clarence Farrell, extra work at
Grant Fleming of Faculty of Medicine No. 3 .. ..	' ,	' " *
at McGill University, there aie 10,031	Renouf Publishing Co., books..	28	33
doctors and 4,039 dentists	in Canada,	T. Wall, flooring No. 10 school	L	6
To ensure adequate services,	it says an	R- P. E ides, supplies ......	-	Sj
additional 4,769 physicians	and 6,323	W. A. Hodgins supplies for Dec.
dentists are needed	ft.nfl January . .........
The report contained in a 184 page Hodgins Lumber Co., flooring. .
volume, says there is a concentration Leslie Dale, supplies ...........
« if health workers in the larger centres Russell Judd, painting .......
of population. Visiting nursing services Bert Swartz,	41	••••••
reach only 79 of 301 Canadian cities Ken Morrison, woik at High
and towns surveyed.	„	_ School ... ---------\........
Dividing the population into three G. G. McDowell, insurance---------
croups, the report says about 25 per G. F. Paul, insurance..............
cent, of the people in Canada cannot P. J. Masson, insurance. ..... pay for medical services. \ The great Est. t. J. Caldwell, supplies, majority of the population cannot prp- j Emmerson Cotie, 3 duzen pairs
perly afford medical attention it says, j of scissors ... .............
while only about 10 per cent, come in The Gray Harvey Co. ... .. the ’’well-to-do” class.	J- M Dent & Sons, books ...
Am.«	wm K"£îd to™?, E,.Tp-«- »W
Arthui Eady, wood to No 2 ' “
44 8
x
$ 4 89 5 95 9 30 j 23 05
Way

Sales
\
care

\
S

If You Feed Hogs on Grains Alone
It will take 1,100 lbs. of grain to produce a 200 lb. Hog or 11,000 lba. of grain to produce 10 Hogs, 200 lbs. each.
If You Feed Hogs The Shur Gain Way

N
S


$
X
<

A Choice Lot to Choose From
| Change your old model and get a better one
|	1934	V-8 Ford Coupe with E.S.
I	1937	Chevrolet Coach with Trunk
1	1937	Pontiac Sedan model 224 Deluxe
|	1938	Dodge Coach with sedan seat in front
|	1938 Chevrolet Coach with sedan seat H O. Tires
I 1938 Chevrolet Coach with 4-ply tires I 1936 Maple Leaf Truck Stake Body Dual Wheels
§ Why not have your car overhauled | now, so that you can drive in safety |	Drive in today
26 43 03 S3 32 60
X

It takes 650 lbs. grain and 50 lbs. Shur-Gain Hog Concentrate to
To produce 10 Hogs, it takes only 6,500

s
s
O
produce a 200 )b Hog lbs. of grain and 500 lbs. of Concentrate
x

2 00

\
2 50
v
S

You Save
4,500 lbs of grain ly using only 500 lbs. of Shur-Qain Hog Concentrate on 10 Hogs.
By adding 350 lbs of Shur Gain Hog Concentrate to the 4,500 of grain saved you can raise 7 more Hogs to 200 lbs. in weight.
The Result is Grains Alone
11,000 lbs. grains make 10 Hogs
s
1 00
k
\
37 50 75 00 37 50 26 00

k
\
«x
\
K
x
k

s

5 40

\
2 95
k
k
The Shur Gain Way
11,000 Grains and 350 ' lbs. Shur Gain Hog Concentrate 41 p.cM make 17 Hogs.
15 20
k
9 52
X
N
(x
k
development in operative plans for medical nursing tien tal and hospitalization service.
(
24	60 22 50
25	00 10 00
v
S
E. Stevenson, “	“
E. Quaile,
Alex Seamen, wood
E. P. Fui ford,	. “ ......... 1 50
Vincent Hodgins - “	........ 33 00
Motion by Cotnr Walsh, that these bills be approved and paid—Carried.
Motion by ComfNurse to adjourn.— Carried.


V
k
u


\
In other words you buy 850 lbs. Shur Gain Hog Concentrate and you get back 7 more Hogs with the same quantity of grains.

Pontiac Rural Telephone
Company
K

k
Shur Gain Feeds are sold in this district by
k
V
Feb 10, 1940
A meeting of the Directors of the Pontiac Rural Telephone Co. Ltd held in the Telephone Office on the above date at 3.00 o’clock. Present, Thos. Fades, president ; R. J. Tracy, vice-president, and Directors, A. Sly. H. Beattie, Robert Sheppard, T. C. Elliott, Ira Hanna, Dr. S. E. McDowell * and Roy Macfarlane.
Minutes of last meeting were read and approved on motion of Tracy and Elliott—Carried.
Bills for December and January read.
Motion by Hilliard Beattie, seconded by Robt Sheppard that the bills as read be passed—Carried.
Motion by A. Sly seconded by Roy Macfarlane that the Secretary write Mr. W. J. Scobie accepting his offer of 8100.00 (one hundred dollars) for all his claims against this Company including his stock. This offer is made for a quick settlement—Carried.
Motion by Roy Macfarlane. seconded by R. J. Tracy that the Annual Share holders Meeting be held Monday, Feb. 19th, 1940, at 1.30 p.m. in the Shaw ville Theatre—Carried.
Motion by Hilliard Beattie, seconded
v
V

\
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., RED'D-
was
J. A Dean, Sec.-Treas
k
\
v


X

ta
$
J. Ij. HODCilNS
Bristol Counci.
\
k

Minutes of Council Ons- g
low North
K
k
§ Phone 64-J.
Feb. 5th, 1940
S
8
Regular session of Municipal Council held on above date, present, Mayor McLelltn and a full Board of Councillors.

Feb. 5, 1940 f the Municipal

Regular meeting Council held on the above date. Present Councillors Yeung, Farrell, Martineau and L>agg.
Councillors Farrell and Dagg subscribed their oaths of office.
Motion by t'rs Young Dagg, that Daniel Farrell be appointed Pro Mayor for this Township.

Tenders For Ferry
e
s
The newly elected Councillors Fitzsimmons, Henderson and Orr, having subscribed to their oaths of office took their seats at the Board.
The minutes of last regular meeting were read and on motion of 1rs. Beattie and Henderson were adopted.
Letters were read from the Department of Roads and the Department of Colonization.
Motion by Htnderson-Orr, that Chas. Yach be appointed R ad Foreman nt Division No. 38.
A letter and bill were read from Ed. Keeler. No action taken.
Wm. J. Trudeau appeared at the by Ira Hanna, that the Financial State-I Board and requested that the road
ment and Auditor’s Report be accepted | labour from lot No. 17 u, Hinge 4, be —Carried
Motion by Roy Macfarlane to adjourn | Motion I y Beattie Henderson, that this
request 1 e g ai ted.
Norman Dods appeared at the Board and requested that one mile of his road division be transferred to division No. 19. Action deferred till next meeting. Motion by
Lawrence Ryan be appointed to audit the books at the earliest possible date— Carried.
A letter w.ts re id from The C P.Pi.
E
s
DALE’S TINSHOP
E
Se .led Tenders addressed to the
Vender h r
E
E
undersigned and endorsed ^	^
Pembroke-Allumette I •‘land Ferry , win be received at the < dice of the undersigned until 12 o’clock noon, Thursday,
February 22r.d. 1940, for a licence to
mmm
Ti;7L.Tr^,^w„, ,w:o.
and from the Pus*-masters at L hapeau,
Que., and Pembroke, Ont. - f Tenders will not be considered unless made on the form supplied by the Department and in accordance with the conditions set forth therein.
Each tender must be accompanied by an accepted bank cheque on a chartered bank in Canada, payable to tie order of the Minister of Public Work-, equal to one-half of the amount of the
annual tender price.	.
The Department does not bind itsel* to accept the highest or any tender.
By order,
J. M. SOMERVILLE,
Secretary.
E
E
E
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
E
E
ffi
Tin and Agateware
>
?
We cam a large assortment d" Kitchen Utensils in all the fashionable colour combinations. Abo a large stuck of Pails for every purpose, of our own manufacture or factory made, all at very reasonable prices.
rep rt.
A letter fivmi X. A. Drummond regarding treatment of stock f >r Warble Fly read. Motion by Crs. Martineau and Dtgg, that Junes S.^ Young be authorized to interview N. A. Drum- § niond, Agronomist, regarding material £ to treat cittle in this Township for g warble tty, and if the price is suitable to | m him, to order ab -ut the same amount j I as furnished last year to this Township. ¦ s
—Carried.	$
Motion by Crs. Young Dagg, that the | following accounts Ye approved and g p lid :
Wiii Chisnell, B S.L, services.
Jus. N Dougherty, services as
Rural Inspector...........
L? Progrès de Hull, 200 ballots Fidelety Insurance Company of Canada,renewal of Bond.
Dick Do we, 1A days...........
Thos. Tracey, 2 days........ .
M. Joannissee, deputy returning < tticer at N
transfers d t • r ad division* Xo. 20
H. E. Elliott,
Secretary
Hides Wanted
Minutes of Clarendon School Board
McXt'iil Orr, that Mr
Highest market prices paid for all kinds of hides
February 7, 1940
Clarendon School Board met on th«
above date. Present, Chairman Hurst I requesting that the Company be per Hodgins and Commissioners Nurse, milted to remove the cattle guards Hobbs, Wilson and Walsh.	from the public crossings in this Muni- ,
Minutes of last meeting were read cipality : Motion by McNeill Orr, that and confirmed on motion of Comr the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Nurse.	be permitted to remove the cattle guards
A discussion took place regarding the from the public crossings in this Munie-taxes collected this year by the Claren- ipality. don School Board which were former!% collected by the Municipality of th» son, that dues t Village of Portage du Fort.	L
The following resolution was present ing to $15 00 be paid.—Carried ed to the Board, viz That any agree Motion by Duff and Henderson, that ment verbally or otherwise which ex | the following bills be approved and isted between the said Clarendon Sc boo paid :
Board and the Portage du Fort Public Ed. Sullivan, brushing river,
School Board, shall from this date b- Hiram Beattie, labor on rrad. considered as no longer in existence. Hiram Beattie, services veil’d and further, that the Clarendon Schoo’ Wm. On, 1081 lbs of hay ...
Board allow as a last and final payment las. \V. Campbell, poll clerk.. of the sum which has been paid yearh | K. A. Pritchard, supplies to to the said Public School Board, a nr further, that in consideration of thi-final payment from this School Board
it shall be necessary before this last and I John Manary, labor on toxvnline final payment shall be handed over, tint \\ m Chisnell, serving warrants
a Commissioner from the Public Schoo' Jas Little, labor on road.....
Board shall appear before the Secretary | The Equity, ballots and euvel-Treasurer of the Clarendon School
Board with authority to cancel any | Province of Quebec, care of in verbal or written agreements whirl existed between the said School Boards
LESLIE DALE
$52 65
1 00
I	Shawville,
Quebec
5 50
Department of Public Wr^iks, Ottawa, February 8th, 1940.
10 00 2 25 4 00
Motion by Fitzsimmons and Header-
The Fish and Game
Air-Conditioning Industry Registers New Advances
Tiiere are more a^-conditioned banks in the United States than air conditioned hospitals, and more atr-conditioned funeral parlors than ei-& '* (M' ther banks or hospitals.
Facts like these—and many more
of far greater significance—abound in the report of a statistical survey of air conditioning installations recently completed. The survey covers 141 electric utility companies of the United States, including virtually all of the larger cities. It includes 40,378 installations totaling 770,525 horsepower.
The report is believed to be the first of its kind to be broken down into analyses of individual companies by detailed business classifications.
ESTABLISHED 1833
2 Poll..........
clt-rk at No. 2 poll
2 <
2 C
T.	Belaire Lionel Grimes,
U.	Kempt ville rent of “ 2
A. Farrell, trip for balloU----
“	“ trip to No. 2 poll .
••	“ 2 trips to Quyon re.
Auditor ............
“	“ trip to Derouins ...
A Lapiere, returning ballot box A. Martineau, trip re. Mrs. Drouin.........................
Association for the year 1940, aim unt
1
2 0
INVALID
COACH
3 (
r> oo r> oo
GEORGE HYNES 8s SON
2 (
3 0
3 00
:3 oo 7 00 :3 ('0
Directors cf Funeral Service
2 (
2 00
—Carried.
Account of expenditures on the townline by North and South Onslow presented. No action taken.
Account of expenditures on townline by Bristol and Onslow for 1937, 1938 and 1939, presented. No action taken.
Account of the Minister of Health, Quebec, for $12.00 presented.
Motion by Crs You ng-Marti ne,m that g the Sec.-Treat. communicate with the ! y Minister of Health, Quebec, and asccr* jg tain who the account is payably for.— 1 Carried.
Letter of P. J. O’Hara presented. No action taken at present
Motion by Crs. Martineau-Young, that the Sec.-Treas. call for tenders for ! g 2,000 feet B.M. of oak plank, 3 inches j 8 thick, 1G feet long, delivered at Bay B Youngs residence ; also 20 cedars 10 ft. iN long, 8 inch tops delivered at Municipal : g hall, Onslow North. Tenders to be in] g the hands of the See-Treaa. not later than March 1st, 1940.—Carried.
Motion by Crs. Dagg-Martineau, that this Council adjourn until March 4th, 1940 at one o’clock in the afternoon.
Andrew' Farrf.ll,
Shawville, Que.
Mrs. Geo hi lint t.......
W. .Sharpe, labor and material on townline..................
2 30
Phone 80
4 63
1 50 25 25 3 00
,555553553555355555535535555355353535553555355333550CC
i
9 00
Op*<S
The Hodgins’ Lumber Go.
digents
Also that hills from Joe Twolan and
And finally, that this allowence l>e not | Gordon Roy be held over.
On motion of Cr Orr, the meeting adjourned.
78 8S
The wide divergence in horsepower required for the operation of air conditioning systems for various types of service is clearly shown by the survey. For example, while there are 45 times as many installations in residences as there are in banks, the total horsepower used by the banks exceeds total horsepower used by all residential instal-
,	,,	n	,	lations. While the number of the-
doesn t carry a flute. His implement ater installations is only about half
is a woven wire trap of his own the number in restaurants, the to-design and it will catch—and hold— taj theater installations use twice up to five rats at a time.	as much horsepower as all the res
Cooper developed the trap after, taurant installations put together
»*¦
made until this resolution lias been complied with.
Motion by Comr Wilson, that tie foregoing resolution be passed as read, and payment made when the condition^ have been fulfilled.—Carried.
Motion by Comr Hobbs, that a copy of this resolution be sent to the Sec’fy of the Public School Board of Portage du Fort and also the following notice be sent to the Secretary of the Sejterate School, of Portage du Fort, end tin various property holders in Clarendon who now pay their School taxes there, that in consideration whereof this Board has been instructed by the Department of Education to collect al School Taxes from its pro|>erty holder-within this Municipality of Clarendon that this Board shall proceed to do *" after the last day of June in Ann'» Domino, nineteen hundred and forty— Carried.
Motion by Comr Walsh, that Andrew Daley be ap|»oii.'ed to audit the book*
of this School M unicipality of Clarendon for the year 19*/) 40—Carried.
The matter of Sch-.. irsl‘‘p« w is di* cussed and the second reading wa* passed unanimously on motion of Comr

CUSTOM SAWING
H. I. Smith, Sec-Trea*
We are now delivering Mill Wood, your order now.
Place
Modern Pied Piper
Sutton Cooper of Evansville, Ind., is » a modern Pied Piper, but he
a
Saw-Logs Wanted
We are now in the market for all kinds of Saw Logs. Cash paid on delivery ; and have a special market for Elm Logs in 6, 8 and 11, foot lengths.
Phone 27
SecTreaa
CARD OF THANKS
Mrs. James Riley and family desire
their sincere thanks to
THE HODGINS’ LUMBER COMPANY
to express neighbours and friends for their kind and expressions of sympathy dur ing their recent here wement.
§ Shawville,
Quebec
ness
j
y]zizj/fzxv izDiyi,
Z'ZViZZZVVViZ-ZlZl/

###PAGE###5###
Service Announcement
Shaw ville United Churc h Rbv, A. F. Pokes B. A., B.D. Pxttor

y

The Equity
HYDRAULIC CONTROLS
Furniture
Department
Chesterfield Suites
Established 1883
PUBLISHED. EVERY THURSDAY AT
SHAW VILLE, QUEBEC

Sunday, February IS 11 00 a m.—Service at Shawville
I
make
r
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
$1.50
1.30 p.m.—Service at Zion
BETTER, EASIER FARMING
Anywhere in Canada To United States.
3 30 p.m —Service at Stark’s Corners
Second in a series on Words from the the Cross will be given, entitled, ‘ He speaks word of compassion’ at the morning and afternoon services.
7.30 p.m —Service at Stiawville.
Sermon subject, “David’s Step-Ladder.
• #
2.00

The lovely hostess who decorates her living room with “The Marvel” furniture gets quality throughout, comfort seasons smartest styles of lasting satisfaction, executed by long experienced master
Craftsmen.
All arrears must be paid in full before any paper Is discontinued
XV. 0. COWAN, PUBLISHER
umr

c





Bristol United Church
Rev. C. ARMSTRONG SALEM, R. D. Sunday, February 18
Home-Building Industry Now Offers ‘Full Value
Strides made in home building during the last decade have done a great deal for the home owner, and, measured on the basis of quality as well os price, the present day home gives the hirer more for less money.
The modern home is planned for exterior and interior beauty and for maximum utility as well, rooms are arranged for easy access and seclusion as desired. They are light and airy. Work rooms, such as kitchen and laundry, are laid out to save steps.
From foundation to root, today’s house is better built, of more durable, yet less costly materials. Upkeep is at' a minimum. It is insulated to keep out winters cold, reduce fuel bills and minimize summer's heat.
Today's house is heated by clean, healthful and convenient automatic heat. The heat output is well-balanced and drafts have been eliminated by the placing of radiators under the windows.
Hot water is always on tap in today’s house. In many cases, it is heated by the same boiler which heats the house. The boiler, being in operation the year around, is not affected by summer corrosion, and thus lasts longer.
Electricity is at arm’s reach in any room. Built-in conveniences are plentiful—mantle, windows, doors, cabinets and cupboards are more attractive, tighter fitting and more economical to buy because of efficient production.
Closets are more accessible, walls are easier cleaned, and basements are dry, cheerful rooms for family recreation.
Bathroom fixtures aie of rare beauty. Tubs are low with a wide, flat rim providing a seat. Lavatories of glistening vitreous china or sturdy enameled cast iron have an integral shelf at the back providing the utmost convenience for the placing of toilet articles. Faucet handles are made of metal for greater beauty and safety. Drain controls act quickly, positively.
Bathrooms are better planned and there are more of them. Glamorous powder rooms have been moved to , convenient locations a* the front of the house.
Despite the fact that the home of today is superior to anything that has ever been offered to the public before, the basic price of many important materials has not increased in recent years. Staple enameled iron plumbing fixtures, such as bathtubs, sinks and lavatories, are today selling at only 65 per cent of the 1926 base price as reported by the United States department of labor.
/
K
t I

You too will revel in their Comfort, Charm,
“Pit for a King” Beautiful

.. 10.30 a. in.
#.
St. Andrews, Service...
St And re va Sunday School 11.30 a. m.
Distinction,
Designs, Solid Comfort, Excellent Proportions.
%
V
m
w*,
Service
2 30 p. m. 7.30 p. m
Knox.
Austin,
Service
To you, the discriminating home-makers of Canada, we present this first Fashion Showing of our beautiful Living Room Furniture, Dining Room Furniture, Bed Room Furniture, Simmons Beds and Mattresses, Breakfast Suites, Chairs, etc.

ANGLICAN
St. Paul’s
Sunday, February IS
10.00	a. m.—Sunday School
11.00	a. m —Holy Communion
7.30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
Weekday Services 7.45—Wednesday Evening
8.00---Friday Evening
St. Luke’s
3.00 p.m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity Service Withdrawn
The
FORD TRACTOR with Ferguson System
personally selected fabrics
Outstanding styles
that lend a luxurious touch of rich beauty to any
traction. This means amazing fuel economy and minimizes packing of sod. And it means you can plow fields full of rocks and at because the new line of draft is tractor’s "safety derice.” When plow strikes a hidden obstruction, weight is transferred to the front wheels, the rear wheels spin.
Those are only a few of the features. Come in. Look the Ford tractor with Ferguson system over. See the hydraulically controlled implements. Chances are you’ll change your mind about a lot of things.
# The Ford tractor with F
system is completely new____
never seen anything like it. Tractor and unit are combined into one compact unit—making possible greater efficiency, control, economy! Hydraulic mechanism for easy, positive control of implements insures not only constant depth while plowing or cultivating, but effortless lifting and lowering of implements.
An outstanding feature is the light weight of the unit. Because the "line of draft” is downward into the ground, there is no longer need of excess weight to secure
Ferguson . You’ve

mi
home.
the
Mattress flews of a Decade!
The Slumber King is here I
Parish of* North Clarendon Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge
_	i
Sunday, February 18



M

K

North Onslow, Holy Communion 10.30 Chirteris,

Evening Prayer
7 00
You Get These Features At No Extra Cost
Ferguson System of Hydraulic Controls • Pneumatic Tires • Self Starter • Power Take-Off • Governor • Battery and Generator • Oil-bath Air Cleaner • Muffler • Independent Brakes on Rear Wheels • Oil Filter • Adjustable Tread on Front and Rear Wheels.
Mid Week Servions Wednesday Evening Charter is.	Evening Prayer


*mrn
7


7.30

H
/
n
IN

K*
iN
$ Y S T i M

i?


South Onslow Council


“Pué
5«
à 4
WHEEL-LESS IMPLEMENTS
!
? it*
»
!
#3"
N	Quyon, Que., Feb. 5, 1940
S A regular meeting of the Municipal £ Council of the Township of South
w. \* held on the above date, at
Members
*

!

! m

VD4
y#
Ml
M;
1^6

G. A. Howard & Son
X
V

£ ! Ons w
B the usual place of meeting
pre.-ent :	Ambrose Kennedy, mayor,
fc and Councillors Smiley, Westbrook, Muldoon, and Young.
g On motion of Crs. Smiley and Young, fcj the minutes of last regular and special g meetings of Jan. 8 and Jan 20th, were K adopted as read.
g Motion—Crs Muldoon and Young— E That the Mayor and Sec-Treas. make g arrangements with the Rank for funds El for redemption of bonds and coupons g maturing February 1st,—Carried.
B A bill from Bristol Council was ren-B dered and the Sec-Treas. was authorized balance accounts for year 1939 ; a’so North Onslow.—Carried.
On motion of Crs. Young and West brooke, the following bills were ordered paid, viz :—
C, P K. railway crossing----	$112 11
18 76
10 15
aw


8

il
Quebec
3
Shawville
nr





mm
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
A new value in sleeping comfort Slumber King Mattress by Simmons
Modern Furniture Department and see this wonderful mattress
$19.95
Visit our

Monuments in Marble and Granite
for information on special designs and prices.
.
IV
Why patronize Catalogue Houses when you can do as well and
even better here
Write
Dept, of Health.............
, Union of Municipalities----
Le Progress, Hull, ballots . .
W. J. Fleming, rent of hall..
' W. J. Fleming, boaftl, etc. ..
Victor Young, road list.....
Allan Meredith, road list---
Carleton Motor Sales .......
Ambrose Kennedy, travelling M. J. Muldoon,
A. Smiley,
; Jos. A. Steele,
Papers from the C< mpensation Board g re Terrence Mulligan were received and R! the Sec-Treas was instructed to write % Ste Marie & Ste Marie and the Board about this matter.
Cr. Muldoon gave notice of motion that at the next regular meeting of Council a By-law would be submitted for the levying of taxation to defray the expenses cf this Council for the current year.
According to requests from ratepayers that snow plowing be done as fast possible for the opening of roads and on I motion of Crs. Young Smiley, that the riTJfrrm j operators b? asked to work longer hours.
—Carried.
The Auditor’» report was examined and accepted on motion of Crs. Muldoon and Westbrook and bill of same be paid —Carried.
On motion of Cr. Young, the Council then adjourned.
Phone. 278
7 50
Feed Prices
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
20 00 21 50
10 40 44 75
302 00
$2.45
Ideal Lay Mash, per cwt... Ideal Hog Grower, per cwt
Moulee, per cwt..........
Middlings per cwt..... ...
Feed Wheat, per cwt......
I
2.00
6 00
3 00
Deep trust in God that all was right, Her joy to make some other bright.
If sick or suffering one she knew,
Some gentle act of love she’d do ;
No thought of self, but of “the other”;
I know He said “well done, dear sister.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Hodgins
and Family
1.25
In Memoriam
V. S. Fur Markets Once the United States had such great fur resources that it created foreign markets mand here is so great that about two-thirds of our furs are imported . . . this is particularly important-at the present . . . because, in the event of a general European war which might cut off the outside supply, our own fur resources would be exhausted within a few years! . and not only that, but because of lack of state co-operation, the U S has no accurate inventory of the amount of wild fur animals being taken each year
known is that more fur animals are being taken than are being replaced . . . which is very bad business from any standpoint.
10 00 10 00
1.65
Mrs. Frank
tn loving memory of
Corrigan, who departed this life, February 18th, 1937 Two dear bright eyes, a tender smile,
A loving heart that knew no guile.
now the do
1.70
«
MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
Successor to C. F. Hodgins Co, Limited
all that is

• I
“The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
Another Space Ship
Designs for the construction of a “space ship" in which scientists hope one day to be able to travel to the moon, are published in a recent issue of the Journal of the British Interplanetary Society. That a lunar voyage will be possible in the not-distant future is the belief of a group of men who are working steadily and unobtrusively toward their goal, states an accompanying article which gives some idea of their progress. The pioneers point out the necessity for extensive ground experiments before the construction of a space ship could be undertaken.
i
19c
Falcon Baking Powder, 16 oz....
Falcon Cocoa, 1 lb. tin........
4 lbs. Rolled Oats.............
4 lbs. Ivory Flour.............
4 lbs. Wheatena ...............
2 Packages of Iodized Salt.....
2 lbs. Clover Honey ...........
1 Large Bottle Sweet Pickles ..
4	lbs. No. 1 Spys Apples.......
1 Large Tins Catelli’s Macoroni
1	Bottle Alymer Chili Sauce....
£ lb* M.L. Rindless Bacon......
5	lbs. Red Onions..............
2	Tins Campbell’s Tomato Soup 2 Tins Alymer Tomato Juice ....
Half Dozen Salt Herrings ......
1 Pkg. Aunt Jemima Pancake Flour 19c 1 lb. Creams or Chocolates Candy 19c
Wampole’s Extract Cod Liver Oil
19c
19c
Rotf G. Fraser
Jos. A. Steelk Sec.-Treas.
19c

19c
Flowers, Gifts, Novelties
19c
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886
The all year round tonic for both children and
Tones up the whole system generally, and good tasting too.
19c
Hints on Home Building
In building a home ample space should be available on all sides of a house in which required windows are located. For detached dwellings, lots 40 feet wide or wider are recommended. In addition, the house should be placed on the lot so that advantage is taken of the best natural features:	Views, slope of
the land, sunlight, prevailing winds, and shade trees. Planting, also, should b^designed to furnish an attractive setting for the 'muse. Other important considerations in planning the plot of a house should be privacy and freed* m from noise, as well as ample light and air. The garage, if any, r'.. ,uld be so located as to fur-;sh isy access from street or al-3 well as from the house itself.
Phone 160
19c
19c
adults.
19c
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in vite your patronage, orders of $1.00 or over, phone us collect.
$5.00 or over phene us collect and we shall prepay.
19c
19c
On
Washington Relic
One of the souvenir hatchets distributed when George Washington was elected President is a proud possession of George Tosh/ grocer and gasoline-station owner of Beards- 1 town, 111. Originally ‘ the hatchet was a Tosh family possession, but in 1789 it passed to the hands of a family named Jordan, which kept it for more than LOO years, the last to own it being Louis Jordan, who put it back in the Tosh family when he gave it to the Beardstownite.
19c
On orders of
19c
19C
THE CORNER STORE
19c
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and CentreSts SH A WVILLE, - QUE.
Phone anytime between 7 a. ro
and 11 p.m.
I
*vy,
l
l
###PAGE###6###
Be Appreciative, Never Critical !
Canada’s Eastern Coast Is Under Constant Guard Of Men, Ships And Planes
3
ggg uggf
t

¦



Dale Carnegie Tells How T More Out of Life
vet
$

i*r








S
*
le

t
ail
Ttyc wag of a puppy <lo£ served as au object lesson i 'he value of appreciation when an ex-Missouri farmer explained “How to Win Friends People*' in an add last week.
.

. m
«
4%






1 Influente at Mont val
t


1

m

« '
1
m


l.o spc
!
Dale
Carnegie maintained that anyone can
out of life by being appree-
ical. Nut/,
mm

more
m
rather than
intiv<.
he said, that clog uahis good Ml
vndcred, hi



t
%
t
not for s rather by friendly, by being j in the presence of a

v wives being
%
exuhern . 11y ¦»usly happy ippreciat -vu

il
K
Z

t
-


x
master.
HOW TO HAND!
If you feel that constructively critical do it in a i< Mr. Carnegie urged, (:h
*1
l'KOi i mu
i
I
?
h
f
a way
the other person does not !o-e fait). He illustrated from the i le of the late Charles Schwab who declared frankly that he was paid a million dollars a year s largely because he knew hew to
Schwa )’s
%
9
:
er. If they do, the guilty ones are automatically suspended from, the game and are to be reported to the OKA.




Y
m-
i

NEWS
1
handle people. It was >1 deeply ingrained philosophy to he anxious to praise, and .oath tc.f ad fault. The way to develop the best in a man, he beliex hearty in appréciât
m
Ice Bridge Said Largest In Years
m
PARADE
¦

was l

mi 11 ’sh
in praise
Solid White Mass Stretches For Three Quarters of A Mile From the Base of Niagara Cataracts
As the fifth month of the war mane to a close, it was difficult to And one military expert on this •ontinent who would venture to predict a “spring offensive" on the Western Front. An Associated Frees biory reported that U.S. military tacticians, analyzing every wrap of information from Europe, said they “couldn’t see" how either She Allies or Germany could launch am offensive, regardless of weather •onditions, with reasonable chances <# breaking through the Maginot
lad UaAfl.
-----
CHANGE OF THEATRE?
An enlightening despatch by H.
». Dll is ton, Christian Science Monitor correspondent, carried this view a step further. Declaring that stalemate on the Western liront was not likely to be broken tor some time, it advanced the op-Imlon that the whole Allied war flan was shifting north to Scandinavia, and south to the Near East. Intervention in Finland, Mr. Ellis-ton said, would take away the initiative from Hitler who right now le thought to be planning a bold of-ive in a region of his own ehoosing — the Balkans or the Low Countries. The correspondent .. tooted from the current number m the London News Letter: “The French have reasoned it out that the northern theatre is in reality
Germany’s vulnerable Banks." Should Scandinavia and the other neutral countries agree to let themselves be used as a springboard, Elliston argued, the Allies would be able to tackle Germans and Russians both.
COUP IN CANADA While Europe last week appeared to be deliberating on where to tarry the war next, events of history - shattering importance were taking place over here. The dissol-atlon of the 18th Parliament of the Dominion after but four hours of session caused the people of Canada to wonder what our parliamentary democracy was coming to. Although it was generally conceded that the Prime Minister had done a very clever thing In so frustrating Me Opposition, many were the questions asked: Why an election at
nobody needed one,
Giant Reservoir
An unceasing vigil on Canada’s eastern coast is being kept by men, ships, guns and airplanes, constantly on the alert for a sign of enemy craft*. ‘Coastal guns such as ABOVE, are trained on every ship entering port until she passes examination. Giant flying boats of the R.C.A.F. make daily patrols out to sea, even though snow and ice must first be cleaned from the wings of the boats, LPPER LEFT. Iatrol \easels, which constantly patrol the coastal waters are shown, UPPER RIGHT.
I ary
Canada is nearly Europe and conta world's fresh water supply
11
The American Falls was reduced to a thin trickling stream, as the thermometer hovered in the vicinity of zero the middle of January, and firmly locked great floes of ice in the Niagara Gorge in one of the biggest ice bridges in many years.
The Horseshoe Falls is about normal in appearance although considerable ice marks its crest near the shore.
MAYBE 40 FEET DEEP
The ice bridge, a solid, white, gleaming mass, stretches for three quarters of a mile from the base of the cataracts down stream beyond the point where the Falls View bridge was swept away Jan. 27, 1938, when heavy damage was caused to the Ontario Power Company plant below the bank in the vicinity of the Horseshoe Falls. Old-timers say the ice bridge is the thickest and largest in many years, being thirty-five to forty feet deep.
To commemorate the 100th anniversary of the issue of the first postage stamp in 1840, a stamp exhibition will be held in Belfast, Northern Ireland, next year.
half
•i
Observer), Flight Lieutenant, Squadron Leader, Wing Commander, Group Captain, Air Commodore, Air Vice-Marshal, Air Marshal, Air Chief Marshal, Marshal of the Royal Air Force.
The Army: — Lieutenant, Capt-Major, Lieutenant-Colonel. Colonel, Brigadier, Major-General, Lt.-General, General, Field Marshal.
The Navy:	Sub-Lieutenant, (or
mate), Lieutenant, Lt. Commander, Commander, Captain, Commodore. Rear-Admiral, Vice-Admiral, Admiral, Admiral of the Fleet.
Commissioned officers of the Royal Marines rank according to seniority with army officers of the same titles.
USE THERMOMETER SCREEN
The proper way to obviate this — although most householders will not want to go to the trouble — Is to use a thermometer screen. This mi a box with downward vents at a 46 degree angle on all four sides, both inside and out, which not only break the wind and keep out snow, sleet or the direct rays of the sun, but at the same time allow free circulation of the air.
FACE IT NORTH
A thermometer should face north and if it is in & screen box, the door should be on the north side that the sun does not get at the instrument when the door is open-
Sweeten
VOICE
of the
PRESS
for
Energy with Bee Hiv
aln
«
GOOD NEWS AND BAD
Boon the same mall carriers who brought the Christmas greetings will be bringing the income tax forms. — Brandon Sun.
A SURPRISING WAR
Those people who said there would be surprises in this war are being justified. A British censor has resigned because he had noth-
Toronto Saturday
80

I
ed
Puck Chasers
m -
'M, m
fc a
o
ing to do Night.
NTARIO
UTDOORS
7/
TOPICS OF THE CURRENT HOCKEY C'SON
WHAT EVERY TOWN NEEDS
What does Fergus need next? What we need and all the people need, is a restoration of confidence in the municipality. We need to regain enthusiasm for the future of the old town, so that people will turn in and help to make it better. — Fergus News-Record.
#ae of
itCim
By VIC BAKER
m
CRACKING DOWN
A new attempt is being made to salvage the treasure of the Grosvenor, the English East India man, which was wrecked off Pondoland, South Africa, in 1782.
AN AGE-OLD QUESTION
Judging by the inquiries reaching thi« corner from time to there
outdoorsmen who
K
The Ontario Hockey Association calls the attention of clubs and players to the power of referees, as expressed in the O.H.A and regulations as follows:
1. A ten-minute penalty shall be imposed on any player, and th cumstances shall be reported to the O.H.A. for further action, who uses foul or abusive language to any official or is guilty of gross misconduct during the progress of a game. In such case a substitute shall be
Bee Hive Syrup
there are many
anxious to learn how to toll
that mis-sha-
rules
are
the age of a moose — pen reminder of prehistoric times which is fairly abundant in Ont-
CHANGED THEIR MINDS
some of
By Fred N
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
»er
Since the elections those civic legislators who opposed Premier Hepburn’s proposed two-year terms have come out very
strongly for the plan they won in the recent polling and naturally want to stay on as long as possible. — St. Thomas Times-Journal.
c
ario
0
The popular belief is that the
10
i
_i of this animal can be told by the number of points on its ant-
for each year of life.
]0
Of course
:
age
N
0
G
0 0
lers	,
ThU is quite untrue because it is
impossible to determine the age of adult or sub-adult in this man-
one
allowed.
2. Any player who touch holds a referee with his hand or his stick or intentionally trips or body-checks any of such officials shall automatically receive a ten-minute penalty for misconduct for the first offence and a match-misconduct for the second offence in the same The use of a substitute for
D Dion
or
f
P
I 7
\
an
ner, age and antler growth bearing no relation. For example, a five-year-old moose may carry seven or eight points on each btado of its antlers, or, on the other hand, it may carry only four. !• urther-
tbe number of points on each

LOOKING AT THE PAST
Things we miss in Western Ontario — cigar store Indians, cracker
barefoot
npo
V
/>
?
J
1
barrels, chestnut trees boys, livery stables, fly nets on horses, peg top pants, two-for-a-nic-
i s |||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||ll||||||||||||
ropes in hotel bedrooms, pigtails on small girls, a natural complexion on the big girls
this time?
•xcept perhaps the MacK^nzie
King government. Did it no longer Mean anything In the life of Canada, what was said and done in the House of Commons?
(
x

%
I
(7 <7
earmuffs, life saver
game
the player so suspended shall be permitted. The offender shall also be reported to the O.H.A. for furth*
u.Ç
more,
antler are not always equal, which would confuse the computation if it had any value. And to add the total of a pair of antlers would of-
N\Mu

I
London Free
In lighter vein: That same week the people of England were told by the Daily Express "think about Hitler at least once Refresh your memory,” the
or action
Press

ten suggest an age beyond the period of normal existence. With re-» ference to young male moose, the is more or less reversed, for
STAY OFF THE ICE
s
London, to
Relative Army Officer Ranks

or coach who
3.	Any manager strikes an official shall be automatically suspended from the game and reported to the O.H.A. for further
action.
4.	The referee may order to the
for the remainder

a day
editorial warned. “You mustn't for get what the nation is fighting for.’
case
a rising two-year-oUl usually riee a pair of spikes, and a rising three-year-old, two crotches with some palmation. The rule, however, is not generally or strictly applicable as sometimes crotches appear as the first growth and a large area of palmation, with points, as the second growth.
A
?Z
car
In the Military Forces of the British Empire
In the military forces of the British Empire a pilot officer — the junior commissioned rank In the air force — ranks with a second or junior lieutenant in the army, or^ a commissioned officer from warrant rank in the navy. In the steps the relative ranking is as fol-
i
Proper Placing Of Thermometer
dressing room of the game any player or manager
guilty of gross misconduct player so dismissed is taking pun in the game, a substitute shall ne permitted.
Coaches and managers are not permitted to go on the ice at any time during a game unless by spe cial permission of the referee anti then only to assist an injured play*
If H
If You Want to Know What The Correct Temperature Is Instrument Should Have A Free Circulation of Air on All Sides
As far as we know, there is no known method of determining the age of moose, male or female, with any degree of satisfaction or accur-Size and appearance give the
#
*=&£&	• 0-At
r*pylfM. K.1. k« rue
t, V/e All Had Impulses lo Chuck the Mail Dcui But You’ll Get Over That. '
up
I »
“At 1.2C it
lows:
Air Force — Flying Officer (or
acy,
only clue
Prof. Albert J. Kelly, of the Me OUI University observatory, last week gave the Montreal Star a few Mete as to how a thermometer afcould be properly placed for ac-
Outdoor thermometers are notoriously variable •w Is amply demonstrated on any particularly cold day In winter or lot day in summer.
Trtie best thermometers are the maximum and minimum thermometers similar to those used In the weather bureau stations.
First of all, Professor Kelly said, there should be tree circulation of elr on all sides. Jhe instrument should not be placed against the wall or too close to the window jane.
Wind ordinarily does not affect a thermometer. It may do so, bow, when moisture on the glass
tabs Is dried by the wind.

By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—In the Bag
V
!

!
1
>«,>
te readings
M STAY IN THIS y) HOUSE,PINHEAD/ / If GET RID OF HIM |

-



I COT RID OF THE CAT AWRI(^T,MOM AN* WAIT LL YOU SEE
/ THE BARQAIN r JUS BOUÇHT FOR X ON£Y TEN CCNT4 .

SAW

3*
*
V'


N#

»

MEOW
g


urn


•AfeOW

H

i

¦
i
z
«
CS




0 0
MEOW
l


»
a

I
æ
%
X


m

Mt
33

/
u it Pet (W ^ii	nmntu

###PAGE###7###
*
MOTHER BTHE BEST THOSE ...SHESAYS
LOVE IAVGHS
ÂT THE DOCTOR
V

-OeMÜ


/ «K


ï
ml

»


BY ELINORE COWAN STONE
Copyright, i?36, NEA Service, Inc
x .
***
ft
f


4
after a bewildered pause. “Hut I never felt inordinately set ti|> about
CAST OF CHARACTERS, CONSTANCY MAIOWELL—her oine ; the stand-in.
DEREK MANTHON—an artist who loved money first.
HILOECARDE THORV ALD-Oeiek pamtetl her portrait.
DR ROGERS—he met his most difficult case.

b :

$

it

on the screen.
Ever seen hei
THEY’RE FLAKIER, TASTIER!
s
1 mean?”
“And heard her."
On a mischievous impulse Constance loaned an elbow laiiguomus-ly on the table, rested her chin on jicr pa Ini, and looking up at him under fluttering lids, said in a throaty, breath leas voice stand. Doctor. You want me to toll
But is it
> 3!>
V

*
CIGARETTE PAPERS
NONE FINER MADE
-I
y

Sr:
The Rogers date brings a reprimand for Constance and the same day she reads that a romance is rumored between* Derek and Hilda. Connie did not read any further.
Last week
I under
AUTOMATIC
BOOKLET
DOUBLE
him a bedtime story really kind? Sometime, you know he's bound to wake up
;
Pour over the jelly
i up point powder, stirring until all dissolved. Add the sugar to the tomato juice before pouring over the powder. After ail thoroughly dissolved ami
cool, add the celery
flat pan which has been rinsed with cold water. Chill. When ready ti serve cut with a heart shaped cutler. Serve on nests of lettuce.
be standing on guard. Similar cupide arc to be the place cards which later arc to serve as tally cards.
Valentine Supper
Tuna Rareoit
Served on hot butter biscuits.
Tomato Jelly moulded in heart shape. Celery Hearts filled with pimento cheese.
Raspberry Tarts topped with whip, ped cream, decorated with small heart shaped candy.
Hot Mocha
Tuna Rarebit
4 tablespoons flour 4 tablespoons butter % teaspoon salt . few grains cayenne
2	cups milk
cup chopped mushroom*
. browned in butter
3	tablespoons chopped green pepper
1 teaspoon chopped onion Melt butter, blend in flour, stir slowly into heated milk. Cook in double boiler until no taste of raw starch remains; then stir in mushrooms and pepper which has been browned in butter rooms
ted or a little chopped pimento may be added as it is removed from the heat. Pimento adds to the color scheme. Serve on hot biscuits or if you wish to change the dessert from tarts to light cake, cut and iced in heart shapes, previously baked tart shells for the tuna rarebit.
i
T
and that
T
Pencilweight
I know. That's” — she
hurts
smiled bravely, brushed away au unshed tear, and finished on a tremulous note — “that's one of the things you have taught me.”
A Fatal Resemblance
>
A
A
CHAPTER XII
Constance did not read beyond lhat first sentence. It seemed to her hours before she was able to look up and say in a voice that sounded reasonably like her own. “I didn't know there was any one naivo enough to buy this comic sheet. Tho last I heard they were drumming up publicity by paying people to sue them for libel.”
Hut she knew they had seven her face in that first moment.
Elsa O’Dare went to New York that week for an important show in g of spring models. And immediately things began to go wrong in the store.	,
It was when Elsa was away that everyone realized how unpredictable and liens' spineless Papa Anton was. Ititru-departmeutal cliff» r-< rices which, binder Elsa's regime, would have been Ironed out swiftly and silently were paraded in public. Pauline was Insolent to every one but Papa Anton, whom she shamelessly wheedled and flattered . . . There had been minors, Constance was given to understand, about Pauline and Papa Anton . . . A luge ink spot appeared mysteriously ou one of the costume3 Constance had been wearing, and Miss Letts openly blamed Constance for it. One of the customers for whom Pauline had often modeled appeared one day asking for Constance — and the fat was in the fire. Paul ine was closeted for an hour vttHf Papa Anton, and 1 merged looking Gertrude said — “like the cat that swallowed the caviar.” .	,
A scientist has recorded that two pencil strokes, drawn by a man across a piece of quarte paper, weigh 30 milligrammes. Drawn by average woman they weigh on. lv 18 milligrammes.
Pour into
L
B
Potato Rolls
K
L
Words, gestures, and intonation were lifted bodily from one of Camilla Wayne's most popular impersonations in “A Doctor's Rest Friend."
The man across the table gave
such a whole-hearted shout of delight that Constance could not help warming toward him.
“I say." tie demanded, “how long could you keep that up?"
"Until you screamed for help. ’ Constance said. “Since my friend* discovered the fatal re-semblance.
;
S
E
an
. J
Hot Mocha
2	cups rich milk a cups hot coffee
3	to 4 tablespoons chocolat# syrup
Fruit sugar
Whipped créa m or marshmallows.
Place milk, chocolate syrup and coffee in double boilei ; scale together. Beat until frothy with * rotary heater. Taste and sweeten as desired. Serve very hot with i spoonful of whipped cream cm marshmallows.
t
tho role of the nurse
Bv SADIE B. CHAMBERS
NEW APRON STYLES
Pretty To Make
1
1
HERE’S TO ST. VALENTINE!
After the frolics of Hallowe’en and the gay festivities of the holiday season just passed we find St. Valentine’s standing at ease ready for the salute and demanding attention. Dan Cupid shoots that day with a little more precision and sureness. Romance is one thing we must keep alive in spite of war and anxiety and sadness.
Unfortunately for some, so oft-this day of days comes in the Lenten season. So I am going to
which
he used for one of those homey family suppers, bat for those who wish, it might be used for a party supper. I peeped into some decorations to be used for Valentine’s day for a Bridge supper and so I am passing it on to you. The supper to be served before the game. A lung table is going to t>e used with a lovely filmy lace cloth, the whole resembling in effect old fashioned valentine. (However a plain white cloth could be used ». The center piece will be two large hearts, concave sides meeting, the points to the outside. Placed on the center will be a low white pottery vase filled with red tulip**. At each end of the points of hearts is a small red cupid to

'V
m
ATI
V 3108
Z\z/ ,	\ SMALL.
///W	.	\ MEDIUM.
//yfef	LARGE
4JJ
it’» been my one and only parlor trick
Why?”
“Because Camilla Wynne got herself knocked out in an automobile ciash this morning. That's just what this is all about."
He had sobered so abruptly that Constance said after a moment of Incredulous silence. “You’re not by any chance suggesting that I act as a double for the U mme fatale, aie you? I thought you wire a physician. not a . . . ”
“If you want to check up on me. go to tho telephone and call the Fort Wayne Hospital,” lie told her with deadly earnestness. “I don’t belong in this part of the country, bi t they know me there con (I thought, perhaps I'd bette'-drive you a round to the hospital. We’ll ju<t about have time."
The Most Incredible Man
I
en
READERS. WRITE IN!
welcome*
Chamber» personal letter» from interested readers She is pleased to receive suggestion» on topics for her column, and is even
Mis»
give a Valentine supper
can
The muah and pepper may be ombit
.-,4
ready to listen to your
Requests for recipes
pet
it®
peeves
or special menus are in order Address your letter* to Sadie B. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto. "
L
\
/
Mis*
m
M

r*
On se-
usc
an

Sleep By Compass
Tomato Jelly
1 pint tomato jelly 1 package strawberry jelly powder
Vi cup chopped celery V* cup granulated sugar Heat the tomato juice to boil-
x
In many Japanese bedrooms Lhi compass points are painted on th« floor. Few Japanese will sleep with the head pointing North, the position in which they are buried.

Constance said weakly the most incredible man l ever met. But I admit. I'm still curious. ’
*Tm a little hazy about some of the details, myself. 1 got them over long distance from California. You see. the driver of the car in which Camilla Wynne was riding was the .*on of a patient of mine. Miss Wynne is not badly hurt. I understand. But the boy aside from other deflpetate injuries. he is on the verge of a complete nervous collapse. You see. lie's in love with Miss Wynne, and he's convinced that ho killed her.
or somc-
You'rc*
k
v
Lucille Gets Back
That was the day Lucille reported for work. As Constance was leaving that evening, she was told to report to Papa Anton the first thing In the morning. That could mV an any one of a number of dit feront things; but did mean. Constance was sure, just one.
When she slipped out of J instore that night, a man stepped parked car, hastily threw


%

V
iu
s
.
c

A
e

*eZhfS*
I
*1. A
J r,
Vf
well.
%
By LOUISE LENNOX
If you are planning your spring wardrobe you certainly want to include an apron or two. Or, as bridge prizes they arc most admired. The bib style is pretty trimmed with ric-rac and bright cherries on the front and pocket. The princess style fits well and has an air of charm that is most welcome in the kitchen.
Style No. 3108 is designed for sizes small, medium and large. Medium size requires 2% yards of 35-inch material for bib style yards for prince a apron.
K-700, churl y embroidery, mu t be ordered separately.
Send fifteen cents (15c) (coin i> preferred » for Pattern to Louise Lennox, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your NAM F STYLE NUMBER. Be sure to statu size you wish.
from
away a cigaret, and stood in her path. Under thn entrance light, his uncover'd load shone- with coppei
Only the sight of her one lie can be persuaded to take for will pull him through the immediate nervous crisis, and give him a chance for his life Miss Wynne is flat on her back for several days at least. That’s where you come iu.’’
"Oh, do I?” Constance wondered if she were dreaming.
"It was so clearly indicated that I had my hotel order reservations for both of us on the 8:3» plane for

lights

ZI
hei
"Are you wee ping on any one e shoulder tonight?” lie asked.
•Go away,” said Constance. "Iiic lost time 1 talked to you 1 got my hands slapped. We do not associate with the male relative's of out eus
Xml
turners
There aren’t any customers m
Dr. Mark Ko
my famll> any mort
said with a brief smile
i
We
g» 'is
spent all our money the other da) —thanks to you.”
Hv held the ear door open. "Please get in.” he suggested. "
would like to talk to you.”
"You Need Protection"
Well, well: Constance then gilt
Hut after all
> i
Ixis Angeles.”
"You’re suggesting that I set out with you
- an almost complete in an hour and a half to
I
stranger fly to California
"Exactly that now shout for the police."
While she was still searching for words, a party of four men passed their table. One of them checked . his steps, turned, and called out pleasantly, "Good evening. Dr. Ko gers. Hi n in and see me again before you leave tow n, won’t you ? 1 have a patient I’d like to — why, good evening. Miss Maidwell I should say
must have seen iu Constance’s lace iie broke off. and finishing a little awkwardly.
XII right
Just like that whn not? I’m as good as fired any-\ml lie probably only wants
make
ADDRESS and
how
to take my temperature oi sure that I’m getting plenty of real
Attractively designed in Muted glass, this utility bowl is decorative, practical. Comes either deep, rich blue or crystal clear. Handy size . . . l*/is inches deep by 4 3/i inches wide. Handles on both sides. Remember—the supply is limited. See your grocer today!
front cAoice,
sound sleep.
As she hesitated, sht) was vastly amused to see him take out his watch and glance at it hastily. "Don't let me keep you
if someone is


ra
or
she
EITHER THE BLUE OR THE CRYSTAL BOWL
at something he
said with malice linking lo death or something. Hut
on a vacation
(
I thought you wire
"Well, glad to have hurried after his coni-
now
lie was
"It’s no vacation now definitely not the philandering i> pe of male, lie looked worried and a
little embarrassed talk about that later. I'm counting good meal to put you into a
seen you panions.
“Know him?
THE RICHER. MORE SATISFYING
You get one glass bow l free with each purchase of three regular size packages.
Mark Rogers ask
WITH THE PURCHASE OF 3 PACKAGES OF
KELLOGG’S CORN FLAKES
OR 2 PACKAGES OF THE NEW LARGE
FAMILY SIZE
f Supply limited ^ K# . Act Now!
but we’ll
ed
l

I ought to. He’s Dr. Ardiuove, physician,” Constance said . . . She thought, "lie started to call me Mrs. Man thon.”
"May we consider that I am properly identified, or shall 1 call him the man opposite her asked. The time. I’ll have to remind you.


x
my

on a
receptive frame of mind Daimler’s, shall we any?" flicker of a smile he finished wryly. ‘‘I want to park you somewhere where you’ll have the protection human beings when you de-
al
. 7 7M IS tv
poll-yAuo*w*
W
With a
back
H
oi sane cido that I’ve gone crazy.
a brief hesitation I on-laughed Iu spite of herself.
h getting' short
(To Re Continued I
Attei


stance
He looked so desperately in earn and at the same time so uu
lit* III i»s
- -
PFi
WWW#"
Divorces Up
est
In England
comfortably aw aie ilia look ridiculous.
"All light not be human if I weren’t curious. Winn they were settled at a
and in. Rogers bad ordered blue points

»rL
Canadian Families 5 to I vote Kelloggs FIRST FOR FLAVOURl
I would
sho said
Kovfr thousand more people petitioned for divorce in lt*38—the Tiist year of the new Divorce Act —than in 11*37. The total number of petitions was 10,360, an increase of about 70 per vent on the previous year. Widening grounds for divorce showed 3,001* petitions for desertion; (»•*>(> for cruelty and 326 for lunacy. Previously adultery was the only ground on which a divorce might be obtained.
••i,
IS
Last summer investigators asked 2(H>0 housewives, "What brand of cereal is the
iji?" Compared s. ihe Vote was
*«/
tab!*

I
planked
sidecars
sloak with mushrooms and fresh
-, salad, an ice, and cof-he said, with a crooked little smile, "Thank God the orchestra the other end of the room. 1
favourite in your ixaub with any other corn flaké Kellogg *, five to one!
Ask your grocer today for three packages of Kellogg's Corn Hakes (or two packages of the new large family size ) and get your first bow l now. You'll want a whole set! Kellogg Company of Canada Limited, London. Canada.

asparagus, a
fee

You gci one glass buM I trie each lime you buy tu<o >1 die big ta*iilf size packages.
FULLFLAVOUREDTgA
(SM At L LEAF)	¦ ¦

•«#
Ig at
couldn’t do this to music without making it sound as melodramatic
a* It unquestionably is
eve;, toil you,” ho demanded that you look like Vain-

«
I
I
pn

bill any

•<##

!l *a.^

one
ah! Uplly ilia Wynne!' ' Why, yes,
*
Up raw ug I *bh < Far
lo which
is bm ii addod.
To
the 'YEAR-ROUND CANADIAN BREAKFAST
ISSUE NO. 6- 40
soak in in i wal lemon jni<
Called mice admitted
B
###PAGE###8###

Look Here
Aeronautical Subjects
Are Popular in College
Increasing demand among the nation’s young men and boys for vocational training courses in aeronautical subjects at schools and colleges was indicated in a study on the place of aviation in education, made public recently by Dr. John W. Stu-debakfr, commissioner of the United States office of education.
65 universities ofTer aeronautical engineer-
Motion Picture ‘News*
Originated in France
It was in 1909 that Charles Rathe, a Frenchman, and his friend. Leon Franconi, hit upon the idea of the motion picture newsreel suggested that the time was ntc for events to be photographed and
The idea
For Saif, Wants, Found
Lost etc.
Wilson’s Garage
The Same Reliable Service
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Overcoats
Still at
Low Prices
HOUSE KEEPER W A NT ED—He 1 Iftblo house keeper wanted immediately. Apply to Mrs. Jos. Hunt, Shawville.
F'rancom
news
shown in the theaters seemed radical,but Pathe was a man ' i, and the more he toyed with the suggestion the better he liked it. Upon his return to Paris, he tried it out. It scored an instant hit, and soon all the capitals of Eu-were showing Pathe Weekly.
Returning to America the following year, Pathe and Franconi started the newsreel in the United States.
The first reel to appear in this country showed, among other features, a parachute* jump from the Statue of Liberty by a daredevil named Rodman Law. He was supposed to be	e
an expert jumper, but something , Scientists Claim Ocean went amiss and Law barely escaped death as he crashed at the water’s edge. The police then went into action, and arrested the photographers for endangering a man’s life; the parachute manufacturers threatened suit for showing their product to disadvantage, and the troubles of the newsreel companies in. filming “stunts’* dated from that day.
But the newsreels soon stepped out of their swaddling clothes, and showed evidence of the vital part they were destined to play in.the movie industry.
FOR SALE-A quantity of good qual-
sunie cows to exchange
Apply to E. C. Daiims,
it y pressed hay for young cattle Shaw ville
Ford Service
of vision
Although courses in
ing, Dr. Studebaker said, rapid developments in the aircraft industry and interest in the current military aviation expansion program have resulted in a wave of enthusiasm for aviation training among students in secondary schools and junior colleges. Reports received from all sections of the country show a grow-activity in mechanics-training programs, in meteorology, aircraft design, radio and other subjects related to the study of aeronautics.
Contains ‘Barren’ Areas j “Preliminary study of aviation in The ocean contains barren areas the schools is of great value, Dr. which correspond to worn out farms Studebaker said. It is the young on land. The fish and other living | people who must eventually assume organisms in the water use its nu- leadership in this important field of
sarsrur ïxü sresrsr sfjsra»
py a depletion of marine life. This designers, manufacturers, Pilots, observation was made by Dr. mechanics, and who must be th Harald U. Sverdrup and Dr. W. E. future patrons of aviation. An inAllen of the University of Califor- telligent realization of the factors nia, in extended cruises on the Pa- entering into successful air tra -cific. The maintenance of marine portation is fundamental to our ni life depends on the process of big ture national progress in ayiat^n» fish eat little fish and at the end of and this can be brought about.only the scale is the diatom, a micro- | by careful planning m education scopic marine plant, which extracts
its nourishment directly from the I Speaks Without Larynx water. The scientists discovered E M otis of Willoughby, Ohio, that “old * water on the surface of Las started his thirty-first year as the ocean contained relatively small superintendent of the Willoughby quantities of diatoms while “new” sch0ols.
water contained abundant supplies. Unusual in itself is his lengthy Old water has been on the surface servjce> but Otis has overcome a a long time, and new water is that physical handicap that threatened which has been drawn up from the the end 0f his teaching career.	or
bottom and comes to the surface Lasl year otis had his larynx re- u near shorelines. This cold bottom moved The operation deprived him water comes from a region where of use 0f his vocal chords and made marine life is very scarce and its breathing possible only through a supplies of the salts necessary for small hole in his throat, marine life are still unused.	Undiscouraged, Otis learned to
_______________ talk through an accomplishment
o	rare in medical circles. He talks
U. S. Unknown Soldier	now by drawing air into his body
The U. S. S. Olympic brought the and expelling it through his throat body of the Unknown Soldier from . use 0f his diaphragm—at the the port of Havre, France, to Lame time forming the words with the United States. Upon its arrival I Hps and teeth.
Male Housekeeping Students	in Washington the body was taken
Two men. students, intrigued by	to the capitol and the catafalque
pots, pans and cook books, have placed in the rotunda, where the i	Three-Year Recess
made a successful invasion of the	Unknown Soldier lay in state on	Rev	p)r	g	Frank	Salmon,	rector
woman’s world on the University of	November 10, 1921. Many organisa- I	f Hojy	yrinjty	Church	of	Philadel-
Minnesota campus in Minneapolis, tions and individuals brought or sent >ia has suggested a three-year The two men, Maynard Anderson, floral offerings to be placed in the moratorium on sermons. “That fig- | an agriculture college freshman,	rotunda at that time. The burial ijre may be exaggerated,'* he said,
and John Case, junior in business	took place at Arlington National	-n	my	opinion there is far too
administration, have “cooked” their cemetery on Armistice day, 1921. mucy1 preaching. It is bad for you.
way through a home economics -	_______ Anybody at least 25 years old should
course ordinarily taken only by	be able to find the way to God by
co-eds. Instructors reported the two |	Being a Slight Error	himself.'* According to Dr. Salmon,
did a good job at “slaving” over The teller of a Mound City, Mo., the p^hora 0f sermons threatens | a hot stove. The boys studied and bank is in the doghouse because he L make congregations “spiritually j fretted over the selection and prep-	misunderstood. Recently a mem-
aration of food, food and food nutri-	ber of the Ladies’ Aid society went
tion, meal planning and prépara-	to the bank to deposit some of the
tion along with tips on bedmaking	society’s funds. She remarked to
and* “how to care for the baby”	Die teller that she was “depositing
thrown in for good measure.	some aid money.” The teller under-
stood her to say “egg money,” and said, “Remarkable, isn’t it, how well Melungeons of Tennessee 1 the old hens are doing these days?”
There is little authentic knowledge	He couldn’t understand why it was
of the Melungeons, a people found in	the woman grabbed up her pass
certain parts of Tennessee and Vir-	book and hurried out of the bank,
ginia. They are about the same
lomrea former provincial grand Captain Amy died on February taxes and ostracism they emigrated	ant station masters and about 10.U0U
Mmol-tin also addressed the dele- fltb in a Montreal hospital, in Ins ^ a body and settled in Hancock	engineers and technicians,
gates. ’	« . 50th year, as the result of T motor countyf Tenn.
It wax decided to hold the July accident several weeks ago. He j mh celebration at Otter Lake, was widely known m the Montreal j -and the semi-annual meeting of district and had many friends in -the county lodges at Charter» m other parts of Canada and in the June.	1 British Isles. Horn at Portage du
Officers elected were County Fort, son oft he late John P. A in y master, Rexfoid Wilson, Claren- and his wife, the former hmnia don; deputy county niastei. H. Seton. Captain Amy served with Young. Wyman: chaplain, [lev. ; distinction .with the Royal Air L Emard, Otter Lake ; recording Force during the first Great War. secretary. N. D. Kilgour, Claren* Surviving aie two brothers, don ; financial secretary, A. Flood, Philip Amy, Edmonton, Alta.,
Campbell’s Bay ; treasurer, Lewis and Harry A., £mith? balls, and j
KTsK&'e ;,eCj" A.1 Dea».	Mr, AMnir! I
Sba'vville. and Win. Corrigan, Detroit, Mich ; the Misses Gertrude
grsü&îiT McC°,'"K>”' " :ti an âæA* «>
liming the past year more than inland, Channel Islands
$100 was contributed to furnish a --------—*-----------
km,	Mtîi».—- *•
Orange ward,
Phone 92-2
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
FOR SALE-A quantity of hay. chiefly Thompson, It. A SnawvHle.
»

J. P. Wilson
rope
A fine range to choose from.
all shades and sizes.
Priced from $15.00 to $25.00
for SALE- Matched pair of black
Percheron Horses, rising % and 4 years. Apply to Alex Lathkm, Caldwell, Que.
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
FOR SALE —Two brooder houses in good condition. 1U x 12 and 12 x 12. Apply to Foster Jokuigan, R. 3, Shawvlfie# Phone 29—2.
mg
LOST-Between Charteiis and Shaw ville, return half of railway ticket be tween Montreal and Winnipeg, with name A. Bryans on it. Finder please notify Rev. K. C. Bolton, Charter!».
dry cleaning
once a week, so dresses andv leave them here.
We send dry cleaning to Renfrew
FOR SALE - Diningroom extension
1 Cabinet and
bring your suits or
Table ; 1 China Cabinet „
1 Portable Victrola both in good working order ; 1 Dash Churn ; 1 Iron Bed ; 1
1 Fire Extinguisher in good Applly to Amky Barnett,
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
Dresser ; condition. Shaw ville
FOR SALE—Several Colic Pups for 1. bhawville, Que.
Famous Italian Dolls
A lonely war mother of Turin, Italy has created one of the world's foremost doll factories. It is managed by Madame Lend in a fashion that would gladden Santa Claus’ Madame Lend s real name
Pulpwood Wanted
Greermount A. Y. P. A
Skating Carnival Largely Attended
The young people of, St. Stephen’s Church, Greermount. met in the fechoolhouse on Wednesday, Jan. 24th, to discuss the formation of a local blanch of the Anglican Young People’s Association, aims and objects of this organization were read and discussed and the meeting agreed unanimously to organize and apply for a char»
I am prepared to purchase green o peeled Spruce and Balaam pulpwood, p.O,B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways delivered to road side for pick-up by trucks Phone or write,
J. M. ARGUE, Shaw ville, Que.
heart	.	«	. .
is Signora Elena Konig di Scavim.
Born an artist, and developing a
for dolls as a child, she
The skating carnival held at
Thursday
SSnütoÆ. »m, off very successfully. There was a large number of skaters in costume ami audience was much larger
than usual for such events.
The prize winners were as to:
lows :
Ladies’ Fancy Costume—Queen of Hearts-Sophia Hodgins.	.
Ladies’ Comic Costume—Aunt Lppie Hogg—Muriel Chamberlain.
Men’s Fancy Costume—Gentleman—
Urquhart Campbell.
Men’s Comic Costume — Beautiful Young Lady—Basil Forman
Girl’s Fancy Costume 10-14—Nurse-Merle Barber.
Girl’s Comic Costume 10-14—Old Lady—Olaire Rennick.
Boy’s Fancy Costume Hood—Douglas Wickens Boy’s Comic ^Costume 10-14—bambo —Junior Young.
Small Girls’ Special, ,two pnzes-Aone Campbell and Joan Macfarlane.
Small Boys’ Special, two pnzes-Melvin Harris and Beverley Corrigan.
Special prizes — Mary McDowell ; Robert McCredie ; Keith Hodgins ; Bride and Groom, Myrtle Hobin and
Marjorie Mnrray.
Boy’s race, 7-10—Millar Shore Boy’s Race, 10-14—Hewett McCredie Comic Race (most ridiculous)— Basil
Foreman.
The judges Everett, Edith Currie-Mills and Messrs. Jack Tolhurst and Ben Midledge, of the teaching staff of the High School.
The
passion
started making them when her husband was killed in the World war. Now her Lenci dolls are made by 360 workers and she maintains a sales exposition in the heart of Turin. Madame Lenci’s ideas come from a big collection of historical and geographic costume designs. Her most famous order was from II Duce for four figures to be used as gifts to Japan. They cost him $100 each.
the
Phone 76
tei
" The following wcie elected to office i—Pi h»idfiit. Pearl Cra w told; vice pre-id ^ur, Roberta Smith ; secretary, Grace Chi ty ; treasurer,
pi tron, Rev.
Ill
j
77!
Lloyd Atkinson
K. C. H ilton, B A., L.Th.
After rlie bn-ine<s meeting, dm*-hieh tr-ntHfîve plans were Valeniive Party, the

mg vx made for balance of the ev« ni,,g wa- given to contests and gaines conducted
Clifford Atkinson and
7
t

by M r* Grace Carty
10-14—Robin
m
The members of St. Stephens A. Y P.A. were the guests of Mr. and Mrs. Allen Smith, on Monday, February 5th, for an early Valentine party.	.	_
Gaily coloured invitations adorned with hearts brought more than two dozen people together for a jolly evening, including a sleigh "load from Charter».	.
Supper partners were fittingly found by matching hearts, and some of the abundance of cakes were fashioned in the traditional
Valentine shape.
A hearty vote of thanks was the host and hostess and the
what
Ask your neighbors Bray Chicks did tor them. Then see me for prices and
delivery date*
G. Harold Boulton
Bristol Egg & Poultry Association BRISTOL - QUEBEC
olase.”
Fur Pelts Wanted
FOR SALE
I wish to announce to the public , that I am in the market for all ! kinds of Seasonable Fur Felts and
assure
" 25 000 " Sheets Galvanized Steel Roofing ordinary and Council Standard. Sen* ri lge and rafter lengths for estimate. EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd. 1335 Delorimier Avenue
Montreal. Quebec
Misses Helen
were
given
evening was declared a success— even by the visitors whose sleigh upset in a snowdrift on the way home. Foitimately nothing was broken except, perhaps, a record for uneventful driving.
highest market prices.
NORRIS R. HORNER
Licensed Fur Dealer, •Shawville, Quo.
Phone 43
District Grand Master Attends County Orange Lodge
Women ‘Railroaders’
Railroading is not strictly a man’s
NOW IS THE TIME VSgtU/
REGISTERED
Ull.[5

J
i
Q
=3

Shawville Agricultural Short Course j
April 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 1940
(16
Ë
k

\
%
3
V
Subjects for five-minute speeches Public Speaking Contest
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
PRODUCTION SERVICE PLANT PRODUCTS
O 1

o
14 years and under
of the Royal Train
Contestants
1—My Impressions 2 —My Favorite Farm Animal
3—	Vegetable Gardening.
4—	The Farm Chores.
5—	My Hobby.
0—The Farm Poultry Flock.
O
i $ %
Among those from a distance attending the funeral oi Mr. Jas. Riley on Tuesday of last week were Mr and Mrs. Del met De-and Messrs. Clifford and
St. Andrew s W M. S.
Mrs Hugh Young was hostess
bers of St. Andrews Womans
™, j-
ray. presided. The business ses sion included making arrangements for the annual World s 1 ay ^ J Watgon DieB in Calgary
msmm
vine
Webster Devine, of Ottawa.
The pall bearers were, Messrs. David T. Hodgins, Benj. Smith, James Horner, Archie Storey, John Gibson and Alex Hazzard The floral tributes included a broken circle from the family and pillow from the Devine family,

B
inclusive
Contestants 15 to 20 years,
1—	The Royal Visit of FDU
2—	Rural Recreation.
3—	Song Birds
' ÎIK eepi ,!g°on r M ai n Roa ds Open in the Winter 0-The Rural Problem
9
resistant varieties
government-impeded.
ItiSlsEFS
a
Contestants 21 to 25, inclusive
I Can Help Win the War
1—	How
2—	Adult Education.
3—	Exploiting our
4—	What I Expect from the harm
the Farm.
Agriculture, or
Food **/,.	yZ"‘PuZand rai» only the »„,/
Agricultural Supplice Board
BOMINION^^ «F Ag^RE. OTTAWA
Agricultural Possibilities.
5-Kfliciency on 0-Bacon Hog Production
1
