###PAGE###1###
PAGE (S) ABIMEE (ô)
;
(

No. 1.^58^
Yéab
SH A W VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, JUNE 20, 1940
$1.50 pep annum In Advance
I
2.00 to the UniltdStatte
MBMSG, rnpmm so.
SKKi&S4S,rklïâ , Mr., cu™» L,„.k, ol New	Ope. .11 ye.e.
28. Programme will include ItheILiskeard, Ont, is At present vi»it-	Dim mm
play—"Ao Men Admitted.” Ad- ln8 her brother» Mr. W. H. Uorri	• . COWUIIC,
mission, 35 and 20 cents.	| pan and sister, Mrs. Thoe. Wallace, At his late home near Campbell’s Bay, President
id this district.	Que., on Saturday, Jane 15th, 1940,
Isac Martin, aged 75 years. An extended reference will appear next week.
Shawvllle Hardware
HAYING AND
GARDENTTOOLS
rv A
Hoes, Rakes, Scythes, Scythe Snaths, Hay Fork Wire Cable and Rope Trip Rope and Hay Loader Rope Rafter Brackets and Hangers Hay Forks and Pulleys Carborundum Files
». W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
Stark's Corners Y P.D. purpose holding an Ice Cream Social at the Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Chisnell have church hall on Monday evening, received word that their second July 1st. Supper served from 6.30 p.°n, Hilliard, of Sudbury, has onto 8 00 o'clock, followed by a good listed in Royal Canadian Air program. Admission 25 and 20 Force, at Toronto.
cents.	aid of the
building fund
JAMES A. MILLAR
B A L LL
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell's Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
MARRIED
Miss Florian Brough, Reg. N., has resumed her nursing duties at Lawn Social — Zion United I Ottawa Civic Hospital, alter a Church and people of the com- month's vacation at the home of inanity will hold a lawn social on parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. G church grounds, in aid of the Red I Brough Cross, on Thursday evening, July
T hompson—Armstrong
Rev. H. G. Steers, of Yarm. officiated at a pretty wedding ceremony on Saturday, June 1§, at the home of Mr. and Mi6?. Lome Arm-
Mrs. H. 9 Barnett, who has been I strong, of Radford, when their, _	___
residing in New York City for the daughter, Ola Mae, became the |HARLAND C. ROWAT Entertainment—Be sure to hear! winter months, has returned to bride ot Mr. Dwight John Thomp-Herbert W. Fiercy, noted Canadi* spend the summer with her son, of Noranda, son of Mr and an reciter at Bristol United daughter, Mrs. N A. Drummond, Mrs. Peter Thompson, ot Claren church, on Wednesday and Thurs- in town and at Norway Bay.	don Fi ont.
Repair Agents For
INTERNATIONAL FARM
4tb
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
day, July 3rd and 4tb, at 7.30 p m. I %« d M p i s,.hwpr nnd I Given in marriage by her father, I SHAWVILLE, QUE. Humourous and Dramatic selec-Lnns yu , d K^nn^th »n ,il the bride wore a dress of white Offke-Id the G. F. Hodgins Building tiens. Admission, 25 and 15 cents. Miss'Irene Smith, of Montreal, and neF over ^ Beta with long white |	Main Street, Shawville, Que.
Mrs Stinson, hairdresser, of Gunner Owen Schwer, from Peta XeV.'	^ai a b°J*9we£
Renfrew, will be at the home of wawa, w ere Sunday guests at the Talisman to-es and maiden hair
Mrs. James Allen, Centre Street, home of Mr. and Mrs. Harvey ‘lern* on Tuesday, June 25. Phone 23, or Walls call personally for appointments.
Special prices on all permanents.
Mrs. Bert Holmes of Renfrew Beauty Salon, will be at the home of Mrs. Sam Hamilton, Centre St , south, Shawville, on Friday of this week.
$100 and up, Manicuring appointments phone 7—22.
Est. C. J. Caldwell
J. OSCAR LAFIAMME, K.C.
Miss Gertrude Armstrong, sister .	of the bride, and Mr Robert
Keith Corrigan and Harwood Thompson, brother of the groom, Argue, who are in training with were witnesses. Mrs Hubert different branches of the Militia Hamilton presided at the organ at Toronto, spent the week end during the signing of the register, with their relatives in town. The and also was accompanist for a latter was accompanied by bis duet rendered by the Misses friend, Harry Campbell, formerly Evelyn and Edna Armstrong, of Winnipeg.	Following a buffet lunch served
Miss May Uuthbertson and her t°riD2mediate friends, the couple Bristol Busy Bees Institute will I mother, Mrs. O. Cuthbertson mo- . *	* s^hort rnotoi trip. For
meet at the home of Mrs. Claude Hored to Buckingham on Sunday travelling the bride wore a pink Young on Friday, June 21st, at to pay their respects to the ('repe dress and white flannel coat 8 o’clock. Program — Paper on family of the late Miss Vera J?/1matching shoes and hat. Child Welfare and Public Health, McDonnell, Reg. N., who died in | ^cy Wl^ re9K*e Noranda. by Mrs. Chas Russell. Roll call— Hollywood, Cal.,
Food as your protection against I The late disease
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
DONAT Le GUERRIER
Summer
Special Permanents '	. For
B. A , L.L.B
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
ZIXI/IZiZlZiZiZiA
Dress’''® i
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with bylcorrespondence
Nearly last week. Miss McDonnell was at one time a private nurse to the children of the famous motion picture actor, Bing Crosby.
Help The Red Cross
These dark days are no time to ** MILLER WALLACE
slacken our efforts and work for AVOCAT — BARRISTER the Red Cross. Soldiers, sailors >§• BAIN STREET PHONE, 1-2210
! and the suffering peoples of lands like Finland. Our motto must be “Carry on. ’
Shawville and district branch of i the Red Cross has done wonderfully well. The people of some parts of the district have given I Phone 81, generously in the drive started last Fall, and we are sure that all sections of the district will do their very best in this time of need.
-,...
IÉSË tolls tlPsisi
Elshailiaii
only two members of that boat'd men of the conference and always wH have Lut in_completed
###	BÈW i ™ «¦ •=««=
S;ii. ¦sap-tt' StSR} ”	& --	*% '
Road, a	county	a
who is now in his 89th year ; °**°™**r	Many Inspect Pontiac
Judge Roland L. Millar, of Hull. ”e8ldent Ordained	Community Hospital
wbd wa§ a neighbour of Dr. and u . D . .TV.	_ ,	-
Airs, Hurd man when he resided in Hm n in Hnstol, the son of the On Friday afternoon, June 7th,
SUn'mpl "if.1»«r iLMr."	or Oka.rVE.	HoîtoîUummûniîy'Hcf-titi' hï.ï T. T. Beattie,
a	.Sc	-—
his compliments in the French ? ordainedDeacon in the chapel this Institution
McNally, on ;*eu£e‘xf iox^ern ' Bishop Renfretv, Campbell’s Bay, Quyon behalf of the council presented of Massachusetts.	and Bryson.
Mrs. Hurdman with a bouquet of . During tins Summer Mr. Armi- The guests were received by American beauty roses and a chest g*®, IH c5,*r*e ot a f arish in Mrs. R. P. Fades, President of the of silver to Dr. Hurdman.	™a8*a®ku»etts,later Ladles’ Auxiliary, and Mrs. C. J.
Expressing his thanks Dr. Hurd iW ;.tRy , A igra{1llat®> coupe Caldwell man said :	!" J*?®lied Re Iligion The guests were shown through
‘T am deeply touched by this evidence !u vincinnati, Ohio, while acting the hospital and tea was served of your appreciation for my humble Î” 10	ll7le Ji9 cm;ate ot a I to about seventy five persons.
mm mwmsm
Attend Graduation of Nurses
Splendid Stock of the latest Summ«
PRINTED SILKS,
CHIFFONS
4 <
RAYON SHEER. SLÜB LINENS,
week to attend the exercises of Cornwal
Hospital, where Miss Charlene (deeply iegret the Hotlgins, daughter of Mr. Cyrus Dahms ranked very high in her Hodgins, of Timmins, was one of course and graduated with
!•_ .	I Intermediate diploma
Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p.m
y
Miss
error
D. J. CAMBPELL
an
Styles to suit everyone
this year’s graduates.	I Intermediate diploma. Her par
Miss Hodgins who delivered the ents, Mr. and Mrs. E C. Dahms, valedictory address at the gradua- and her aunt, Miss Lucy Dahms, tion, won the Margaret Adeline attended her graduation.
and James Brown memorial prizes	____________
for general proficiency, the In
gram and Bell, Limited, Toronto, 105th Anniversary of Methodist prize for medical nursing.	and United Cnurch Activity
Cool and Dainty
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
h to 20 $2.95
Sizes,
Sizes, 38 to 44 $3.95
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building
County Council Express Appreciation of Dr. Hurdman
Drummond Street MONTREAL, QUE
PLATEAU 63 8 8
Ladies’ White Shoes

D%. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
The trend is—White with Luggars Tan trim.
We have several of the best styles and patterns
white and tan—Ties, Pumps, etc. $2.95
in
B EL Al R 3 257
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
Of course all whites are always in style.
Eye. Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ARTS BUILDING
See our range of whites in Ties, Straps, <|| I Oxfords and gore
OTTAWA. - ONT
tHOME, 2--7Î81
\

effects.
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA, ONTARIO
$2.50
and
$1.95
1
k>
SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular Eye Defect
Kathleen M. Rollins
Reg. Optometrist
I
Mens’ White Shoes
i
$2.95
language.
Messrs. James Pou Howard and Paul
Special White Brogues
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
Shawville
Quebec

QUE.

I
6317
###PAGE###2###
PJ6E CS) ABIMEE (S)
1
icen Bookseller! Association,
SjSsffpS
sl rsa srs=
:r.z;z
flpcns u$> understanding.
Group Reading
I» Recommended
mut
of Agriculture, Toronto.
perennial
in new parts
part ment
This Is Yellow Rocket, a weed which appears !_ of the Province each year
ss. r,
damp parts of the fields.
R E S EM BLES M V ST A R &
examination Yellow found to resemble
the colour of the be easily dialing-weed by its dark
ThU Wounded Soldier Land, Safely In Britain
ktt&i--
ish
and
S à
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON

the in*
ou




-•* *


Upon close Rocket will be Mustard only Id flower. U uiav
EFlHH'El":::.,
:=B"2=
rxi of Yellow Rocket is * impurity in clover and allias beeu listed as
noxious seed in the
This weed
By VHIiam
*4
j This Curious World
\

LESSON XI
URGES THE BUILDING OF GOD'S HOUSE
Haoflii
Printed Text. Hag. 1=2"
* Golden Text - “Let us cons der another to provoke unto love good works, not forsaking our own assembling together, as the
Time — About 520 B.C.
Place - The city of Jerusalem. This lesson will be made partie-interesting if the teacher
accurate statu-
0
HAGGAI

À'
A,
f
-> •
A
one

J and
»
S

«3»

The seed
A
absorb ™e
noises
op'
CITY
STREETS
common falfa seed and a secondary -
' ana<UnoSteblSpeArmnted to mature particularly In the clover
ularly
can secure some ¦
concerning church expanses m community, comparing these with the sums of money spent in the same locality

te

tics




the

should

sums
upon pleasure —movies, ball games, racehorses,
-lot machines, smokes, beverages.
""C"" *
automobiles than for of the house of
seed,
it before It he advises
*-:n #
•*» *H. »•
Learn to
ket and eradicate
established,


KS
A.
Mr.
NX
• #
spending more of pleasure _ the maintenance
the Lord?
rebuilding of the temple
Haggai 1:2. Thus speaketh Job» vah of boats, saying. This people ,ay It la not the time for ua to come, the time for Jehovah's own house to be built. The one great event In which Haggai and Zechar-iah took a leading part was the rebuilding of the temple. For the 11» tory of this event read Ezra first six chapters, together with the books of the two prophets themselves. In the second year of Oar lus (520 B.C.), the Jews were suffering from drought, possibly from a drought prolonged over some years. A sense of failure lay upon the people. In a prosperous season a prophet might have spoken In 'vain, but now that the people were softened by adversity, they were
disposed to listen. The time had
. This was Hag-
comes MacLeod.

«•

Most Dangerous
Ages: 16 to 23
IMC
teller #«c> sconce

COP"
OF
"

SEVERAL
y parrots.
ONE- TsVSSSë'S®1
Ml

.
> ,,
Welfare Council Ex-of Post-War De-
ONILV
5S*^55sD STATES,
Canadian
pects Wave imqueno# in Boy. and Girl.
>
-
*


/ > L/
r
IT is BELIEVED
AND
AlCDfOrslAL
The aftermath of war with it. social maladjustments will stu
.? S’yZ,
UEEQHES

#
WERE.
imported
FROM
• a
?
Sr'«“	»Tc«:
Council bold the
Social
(Radio Photo)

executive director adian Welfare L Canadian Conference on
biennial convention
FOR.
&L0OO -LETT'MZ PU^.pOS£S
Z
Work at its
NEXT: How much b ,o«. to A-.tr.ii. .nnu.Uv oo-trol.*-* spread of rabbits*
behind.
111 The ° boy and girl of these ages “will be the highly vulner-
tLss M-; vsr.
ton said in advising the convention that the Canadian Welfare Council “is strengthening its delinquency division" has been consulted recently by two Provinces “on better profor certain types of de-
Form Notes ..
the altar
helped Joshua to set up Of the God of lerael at Jerusalem,
were very
come, and the man
prophet of whose anteced-
nothing 1« known. He declnr-scarcity from which
the Jews were suffering was » <*-from Jehovah to stir them
to consider their ways.
though the circumstances threatening.
People today couragement In Rn courage ment needed as
gai, a ents ed that the
WEED OF THE WEEK: YELLOW ROCKET
A weed may be observed in flow-this particular time of the which resembles Wild Must-and Is often mistaken for It, John D.
need continual en* ChrUtiau work.
never
ami
FAMOUS AUTHOR
minder
er at
before. Are you one of those whn encourage servant# of the Lord, or do you burden their lift, tnd make their existence more difficult Instead of easier?
visions linquents ”
year
up
ard
finish the work
the word of J*
MacLeod, Crops,
Ont. De
THEY’LL BE MOST VULNERABLE Miss Whitton
protection of juvenile im-ass-umes “difficult
sa ye
Seeds and Weeds Branch,
1» To require, 21 Friction match.
23	Still.
24	Introduction.
8. Then came hovah by Haggai the prophet, *»>
lag, 4 Ie It *	ei ^ v
to dwell in your celled bourn
?Ms house lieth waste? 6.
thus saith Jehovah
to Previous Punie
Answer
horizontal
1, 5 Author o( “Pilgrim’s Progress."
10 Drenches.
said the need
ta
time for you your-
snziyia
M s
for
selves
migrante angles" with the possible move-of child refugees to this “It is hoped that continuing negotiate Canadian National Refugees,
will be concluded Canadian Provinces and
of Can-
/1
RADIO REPORTER
re
i
26	Ghastly
27	Organ of hearing
28	He was a by trade.
.30 Sun god.
32 Measure of aiea.
're
m
ill
iaider your ways.
much,' and bring
J
ment continent.
>12 Indian.
13	Ear auricle.
14	Concealed
16	To repent.
17	To feign
20	Type standard
21	Owner of an estate fee.
22	Sheltered place.
23	Unopened flowers.
25 Brink.
29 The shank.
31 Peeled.
34 Branches 36 Abhorred
HELEN
I
sown
eat, but y# hare not ik, but ye are not fil* cloths you, but ; and he that i earneth wages to
it into a bag with hoi sa. 7. So saith Jehovah of hosts: Con-
8. Go up to tbs
By DAVE ROBBINS
the
from tions of
Committee rangements
with the
the child-caring services ada, whereby aid will be as§ur-for these children both over-and in Canada,” she »asd.
AL
«

ar-
bucket of honest to
from New
cn
A
y®
I
him back a gi>odnes.s maple syrup
England.
Meanwhile, Lurene Tuttle, who
played leading roles in the (.»»-
alcade of Drama series, is play-
One
SUMMER MUSIC
With the coming music takes a lighter turn. From outdoor parks, bandstands, and radio studios come melodies designed to mood. Wise radio executives have
taken cognizance of this fact and dot their schedules each evening with music of every type and shade, enough to satisfy the most insatiable musical appetite.
So, in the privacy of his parlour, veranda or garden a man can take his coat off and with his family listen in comfort, while electric fan buzzes an artificial
breeze in his face.
OEO

warm
of summer,
I
vti wages

3.3 And
35 Form of L *
37 Bu.mese knife.
39 Thus.
41 Five ind ttvck
6	Theater guide. 42 parish.
7	To warble.
I
uUS
ed
aider your ways mountain, and bring wood, and then
build the house; and 1 will take pleasure in it, and I will be glorified, salth Jehovah. 9. Ye looked much, and. to, It came to little,
brought it home, I did
4 Convent teacher.
54	Ancient.
55	Dolplunlike creatuie.
57 Afternoon meal.
soothe the summer
the new character in
seas
mg
Man’s Family.
5 To exist.
Th. CBC » otf.ri.6 ''-li.J...:. I Arctic Talk*
K‘vr.r!Srs STJSl I To Antarctic
j__but at the same time
not neglecting the boyt
44	Ireland.
45	Organ of aeri.il flight.
47 Gist.
4ft To melt,
49	Shoe bottom*
50	Scalp covering.
52 Nothing 54 Headgear 56 Sloth.
56 3.1416.
for
58 Sanskrit dialect.
38	To soak flax. 59 He was
39	Vampire.
40	To dine.
42	Dusky.
43	Novel.
46 Pertaining to
the liver.
a In
9 BmvM 11 Possessing flavor.
13 He xvas imprisoned for unlawful 13 N’Hitei pronoun.
18 To grate harshly
• nd when ye _	, .	.
• blow upon it. Why? eslth Jehovah
of my house that
these days
Station. Gossip About
Wireless
Alaskan
Byrd's Aides Weather
of hosts. Because Hath waste, while ye run every man to hU own house. 10. There____________¦ sake the heavens Will
the dew, and the earth
by birth. GO He ranks among the great ---------
they are
in the King’s forces that wear the maple leaf. Records of the Hapnv Gang, Woodhouse an.l
with Agostini aro
fore for your
withhold	.
withholdeth its fruit. 11. And 1 cal-
the laud.
When distinguished scientists excommunication virtually North Pole and South P°,?
an
Appointment made and sent atvoss the win:, along with a specially made-ui.
record of district news from tho
. and how the la is these special
VERTICAL
2	Hatred
3	To Mm14«vil a tazov.
tahlislied between
what, do they talk about?
Why. even as von and I — the
weather.
Stanton D. Bennett, operator ot
IX 4 rt V 11
led for a drought upon and upon the mountains, and upon the grain, and upon the new wine,
the oil, and upon that ground bringeth forth, , and upon cattle, and
49 Pronoun.
51 Broad smile 53 Wall i zczss.
—o—
NOTES AND NEWS
The CBC variety program goes to the air ba.se at Trenton this
eight o’clock a of music, songs
Dominion
and upon which the
there enjoy
over
items.
4
Friday, and at smart program and gags will be presented by
Tune in,
)
and upon men
all the labor of the hands.
wireless station

amateur -----
established contact last month wit i «ration KC4USA at the west base of Little America in the Antarctic members of the Byrd exp*
2
o
0
upon
Here the prophet directly accuses the people of being concerned primarily with their own comfort, and gitifullv neglecting to rebuild the temple where the worship of Jehovah should be resumed. They justified such negligence by saying that the time had not yet come to rebuild the temple, and it was the prophet's purpose to bring them to a realization that they had been
the foundation of a of relative values,

Spotlight Dialing — Sunday Neighbourly News from CBL a’.
I
Royal Air Force men. you will like this one!
g
the
. Silver Strings on
%
ten .
NBC-Red chain at 1.30 .
the Soldiers Sing via L
With Ellery Queen,
Columbia at 7.30 . . A City Mother Pion*
from CBC 5.15 . . - Cats 'n Swing
o
, . Songs CROC at
where dition are encamped.
north. SOUTH pole
a téléphona line three miles from Ervin H.
A
David Sarnoff, an executive of
of America
the tadio corporation offers the opinion that soon little
be carried in
22
5.30 .
Detective on
Zl
M
Speaking over from his home Bennett’s statiou, Dr.
Bramhall. member of Byrd s Antarctic expedition and now fessor of physics at the T Diversity of Alaska, talked with Dr. Alton Wade, in charge of the west base, and his fellow scientists. The con versation went something like this.
it's spring finie In
, flow-
radio pets that can
pocket will be available. Just
advantage that will
be__for it means no longer will
there be squabbling where to set the dial, everyone will have then
own «et !
78
2b 27
25
24
Tuesday
23
your think what an
1933
eers
t
Sessions
via
34 k
53
a 52
Jammers
WOR Mutual at 8.30 . .
House, drama, on NBC-blue network at 10.30 . . - Thursday -The Stamp Man from CROC 5.80 Strange As It Seems from CBS at 8.30 . . . Henry Weber’s Revue from at 10.30
This Wonderful
p r< •
29 30
. Brant
¦)
33
living upon
56
mistaken sense that they had given secondary
should have
con*
2 ’
40
sidération to what
Betty Carter Barbour, in real life Jean Rouveial. is abe®n|t from the "One Man’s h amily circle while she takes a months vacation in the east with her husband. screen-writer Hugo Rouv-eral. Betty, as she is known to millions of radio listeners, persuaded author Carlton Morse to write her out of the story for the time being — by offering to bring
and they were giving
C
+
48
been first first consideration to what should
i secondary. The evil is but It Is disastrous. The
In national and
47
6
43 44 <>
Brahmall —
the Arctic. Trees are green
blooming, and the tempera
t
Concert . . . Saturday
Woild, all about the stars,^ from Mutual chain at 11.45 . . . A Boy. A Girl, A Band from
NBC-Red network at 4.30 . - • Band of the Week from
. , The Music
54
have been common,
55
52
et s are lure ii* around 60 above.
»»•
a.m.
evil consequences
life that had followed such the prophet now vivid-
58
Winter’s approaching
the
C7
56
Wade
rapidly. During the current cold spell the temperature has been hovering around 70 below.
55
social negligence iy depict*, with the implication
that it they would come back to God and give Him first place In their life, such failure and impoverishment and tragedy as they were beholding would pass.
BO
The
CROC at 6.30 .
Hall from CBC at 10.30.
t
Ur-rr!
— •A
By J. MILLAR WATT
4 g •
POP—Breakage Ahead
11
renewed enkrgv
zorubbabel the son of
i
CAN YOU DRV
VGS!
12. Then
Shealtlel. and Joshua the sou of Jehozadak, the high priest, with the remnant# of the people tl!) eyed the voice of Jehovah their God, and the words of Haggai the
Jehovah their God had
1
ci.5-	washLOLwrs.
1
Kf-

V :
?


all
I
È
t
»
r
t>*/. <
X
/
prophet, a* sent him; and the people did fear Jehovah. The prophet had than finished his menthe entire remnant of
£5
e •
\
m
X
(Ayj
>>
before not more
•age, than	,
the people felt the quickening of
n»w courage, and set about at once to rectify the eltuation. Especially wee the spirit of Zerubbabel, th** governor of Judah, stirred up. that the people "came and did worig to the house of the Lord of Hosts, their God. (Zerubbabel wee the leader of the captive# who re^yod ÿ
Mrm, ^« to the decree of 6ym. »•
\
t
v
I

SA



(i

<v

/£
V/

V

m
N. I.
J r
V



###PAGE###3###

! Cheese Factories Work Feverishly
Tommies Had Small Comforts In Midst of Battle
!
+
SPOTLIGHT ON OGDEN’S
HEALT TOPICS
i
Modem
Etiquette
is
IS
f
* (
%
:i
In Eastern Ontario Most of Them Are Working at Crpae-ity to Supply Foreign and Dfc-rr.estic Needs
s.
?
m

? -*
c

BY ROBERTA LEE
PREVENT TOOTH DECAY
' Perha-pe the greatest advance that has beert made in dentistry * in the hundred years of Its existence has been in public education of the necessity for cleaning teeth in order to prevent decay. It is difficult for us to realize that the toothbrush and chedp dentifrices are themselves of fairly modern origin." The first toothbrushes were made of horse hair or pieces of cloth or linen, sometimes of sponge.
SAD STATISTICS '
The. use of the toothbrush is still in its infancy, according to statistics, for It’ is e-slimatfd that 70 per cent, of the population of North America have never had their teeth examined and about €0 per cent, have never brushed their teeth.
The idea of filling teeth artd preserving them instead of pulling them out is also an introduction of the last century. The old dentists used to use coins, gold and silver and lead, wherever 1lyy could get it, for tooth filling; the introduction of plaster and enamel is credited to Laurie of Edinburgh, about 1*54.
FM
I

ÏZ
f V,
Q. If a waiter, a taxi driver, or aomeone similar, asks for a larger tip than offered, what should one do?

m
Ogden's Fine Cut is in the spotlight of popularity with, roli-vour-owners every- ! where, because it nas the fragrance and the • flavour that makes every V cigarette you roll with a smoothier, cooler, more satisfying cigarette.
Omh the hast cSga relte papers—"Chattecle*'' • or "Vogue”— are good momgbfos Ogden &

h

A survey in the Eastern Ontario f titesf-producing district around Jielleville indicated last week that practically all factories are working at capacity. District dairymen expressed belief they would supply at least a portion of the 78,400,000 pound* of cheese recently ordered by the British government, to !be delivered at a set price of 14 cepts n pound, f.o.b. Montreal. .	«
SWITCH TO L’NCOLORED The effect, of British preference for un-colored cheese Is noted .on the Belleville board .A premium; of %-rent was offered ‘for the uncolored variety and this is believed to be- responsible* for many factories switching entirely to making ;un* colored. Domestic trade, however, bas always shown a marked preference for colored.
• Vred Mallory, secretary of the Belleville board, commented the 14-Cf«t price offered little margin of profit for the buyer since last week’s pi îce was 13 9-16 cents, and that left only 7-16 to cover the cost of wiring boxes for shipment, and handling and transportation charg-
f
ïaœ
H

:à*W
,/j ¦

XP
A. Refyise to g>'ve it. The size ol h tip is entrely optional with the one who gives It, and one who Voultl •demand more than offered would deserve nothing.
Q. Isn’t it poor manners for one person to monopolize a conversation?
A. Yes. No matter if. this person is a good conversationalist, he usually develops into a bpre.
Q. When a person is talking and is suddenly forced to sneeze, should he apologize?
A. Merely say, "Excuse me."
Q. isn't it permissible for « young man in love to display any Jealousy when in the company of others?
A. No. A Jealous person is never happy. One person w rote, “It is said that Jealousy is love, but I deny It; for though Jealousy be produc* ed by love, as ashes are by fire, yet jealousy extinguishes love ashes smother the flame."
Q. Is It necessary to introduce a ten-yea-rold child to adults?
A. It is not exactly necessary, hut h. is excellent training for the eh lid.
6. What is the symbolism of gardenias?
A. Refinement.
x

* •
U-




SM
V
* fV
• wh
1

"L* » *
V»
I
9
X
I
A
*
/
ri
Smokeh!—
< r
t
« •
>



#
for


I
#
OiJm**

i

Cut
Pl: +
¦ r
s
V


fc.
M





r
**C



£//v
: à
4*,
I
r
r.i
W
r>
V

OGDEN’S
kt


FINE CUT
A few cloves added to vegetable coup w III give it a delicious flavor.
A mattress and some bits of furniture made this British patrol comfortable a* they rested in a littered Louvain Street. This photo was mode before the Allied troops were withdrawn from the city.
e;
...CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS...
C. N. Passenger
Staff Changes
- HAVE -YOU HEARD?
PHOTO FINISHING
BATTERY SEI.F-f IM RGER
AGENTS HASTED
Change* in the staff of the Canadian National Railways passenger department were announced by H. C. Dour lier, general passenger agent of the National System. The changes were brought, about through the recent death of C. E. Walker, fit y passenger and ticket agent, at Windsor, which post is now filled by G. H. Walker, former city passenger and ticket agent, at St. Catharines. The position made vacant by the promotion of Mr. Walker to Windsor is being filled by K. M. Dyson, who occupied a similar position at Belleville. Announcement of the new city passenger and ticket agent, at Belleville, was expected shortly. All appointments became effective on June 5th.
FREE! YOU CAN NOW OWN A complete set of beautiful silverware absolutely without cost, manufactured and guaranteed by International Silver Company. You may have this complete set absolutely free by sending your films to Imperial. Send an order now and receive complete particulars of this amazing offer. Six or eight exposure films developed and printed 25c, or 8 reprints 25c. ulus your choice of a free enlargement 1n easel mount or free silverware. To get the best in quality and service send your films to Imperial Photo Service. Station J., Toronto
WHY Ri:Y NEW RADIO "B” BAT terirs ‘ Guaranteed to recharge cid ones like new. $1.2.5 brings complete automatic self-charger and fall plan. Minard Monsen, Park-side. Sask.
LIGHTNING ROD AGENT WANT-ec to sell Phillips Lightning Protective System. B. Phillips Comp-an; Limited. 32 Osborne Avenue. Toronto.
How Con I?
Ilia recruit wap disappointed In kla uniform. Tt penned to fit no wLare.
He man it ill trying to make the buttons of hie tunic me+t when he pawted the colonel on the parade groynd And In h' preoccupation. Be forget to salute
XV A N T E D TO RE P h KS -Reliable Font hill
At,ENTS
ent “The Old Nurseries." Exclusive territory ,n town or country, p.iid weekly	_
fits. Stone r.nd Wellington. Tor-
i
BY ANNE ASHLEY
EXTERMINATORS
Liberal teams' Handsome free < ut-
DERPO BUG KILLER 85c, ENTER, minnff s bedbugs. moths, cock, roaches, crickets, flees, lice, ticks.
DERAT RAT AND MOUSE KILLER 50c. Harmless to humans, animals, fowl. At Eaton's. Simpson's, Tam-blyns, local dealers, or Derpo Products, Toronto.
Q How can I remove oil mark*
from wall paper?
A. Apply a pastern a de of roid water and pipe clay, leave It on over night, then brush It off In the morning.
Q. How can I select a good paring knife?
A. Be sure, when buying a paring knife, to select one with the blade running through the center of the handle and held by rivets. It is the stronger kind.
Q. How can I prevent car sick-nees?
A. If one Is inclined to become nauseated when riding on a street car or train, try this preventive: Beat the white of an egg stiff, then add the juice of one lemoi} and a little sugar. Take this before starting the Journey and it will usually prevent any sickness.
Q. How can I remove mud stain# from a garment?
A. If a brisk brushing does no4: entirely remove mud stains from a garment, rub the spots with a raw potato. This seldom fails.
Q. What is a good disinfectant for the kitchen sink?
A. Two tablespoons of ammonia and a gallon of boiling water, poured down the sink while the solution is still very hot, proves a very good disinfectant.
Q. How can I clean a mirror properly, to make the glass beautifully bright?
A. Rub the mirror with a ball of soft paper slightly dampened with methylated spirits; then with a duster, on which a little whiting has been sprinkled, and finally po-lis^ with a clean paper cr a wach leather.
r tiG
AVIATION
URGENTLY REQUIRES TRAINED men. capable of maintaining ar d building aircraft. Canada's largest Aviation Training School offers courses in Flight Training, Air craft Me-hanics and Aircraft W#lding which should assure Intelligent. capable, men of future In an Industry which will develop. Indefinitely; not fade ew ay when the war is over. Look to your future. Full particulars from I>av-ens Brothers. Barker Airport, or Inland Airport. Toronto. Phcr.e K En wood .1831.	________
6.
"Poll yourself together,” said the colonel. "Don’t yon know you’re wearing the King s uniform?"
"Oh, that'e It," §&id the recruit. "1 taiew It wasn't meant for me.”
TURKEY POULT*
ELECTRIC MOTORS
TURKEYS—JUNE IS THE MONTH for turkeys. We can supply you with the best that money will buy. Three breeds, Bronze. Bur-boun Reds, White Holland, "wo grades Extra Profit and Special Mating. Send for prices and free turkey folder, tells you ho\y to feed and raise turkeys. June prices now in effect on ch 'km Grade “A" Leghorns $8.70. New Ramps $8.70, Barred Rocks $*.20. Free Catalogue. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Feigus. Ont.
ATTENTION!
60 or 25 cycle. 15.60, rebuilt guaranteed. Spadina Electric, JG2 Spa-dina. Toronto.
4 H P. MOTORS
4,Whet cause» the flight tf timer'
"If# probably urged on by the spur of the moment.”
FARM EQUIPMENT
SPECIAL BARGAINS WHILE THEY I-aet — all equipment reconditioned and guaranteed. Demonstrating and Rebuilt Melotfe Cream Separators; Electric Grinders: Grinder’s; Hammer Mills Mills; Diesel Engines, all sizes: Gasoline Engines; Electric Lighting Plants: Tine and Link Harrows
and Wood Stoves; Water Pumps and Pressure Systems:	Electric
. . Floor Coolers
Motors: Write me today. S. A. Lister. Stewart St, Toronto.
MAKER Y EQUIPMENT
Tan glad to find you ht you are," •add the old friend. *'Youj great wealth hain't changed you.
"Well,” replied the candid no II-Wonalre. "it has changed roe in one thing I'm now eccentric where I wed to he vulgar, and delightfully wtffy where I used to ht rude."
Letz Roughage;
BAKERS' OVENS AND MACHINery. also rebuilt equipment alwaye on hand. Terms arranged. Correspondence Invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co.. 103 Bathurst St..
-• T onto. ______
T
Who! Science | Is Doing ;
«I
TURKEY POULTS
Washing Machines: Coal
FRAY TURKEYS WILL MAKE YOU money. Fine day-old find started on hand. They'll take little r;ora now that your chicks are on range. Order now. Bray 230 John, Hamilton. Ontario.
Polishers; A :	Fractional
era ted Milk Horsepowe-
HA MY CHICKS
!
YOU RECEIVE THE WORTH OF your money when you buy Johnson’s < hicks, they are bred to lay and are good table fowl. Fricts fcr June and to end of serson. Rocks 8 cents. f»0 per cent Pullets 17 cents, Cockerels 2 rents. All are bleed tested. Rocks bred from O. 1 g. stork. Leghorns The Barron Krrain. Safe arrival guaranteed. 31> per cent, with order. J. D. Juhn-Ftrgus. Ontario.
• • 4
FARMS FOR SALE ONTARIO
WATER WELL#
Teacher:	"Your essay on
T)ur Cat’ Is word for word the •sme as your brother s.”
Jimmy: "Yes, sir, It’s the very same cat.”
BEATS T N T 100 TIMES
The U S Senate naval committee said last week that *’a reputable scientist" had reported discovery of an explosive approximately 100 times more powerful than TNT, most destructive of explosives used lr the first Great War.
I WE GUARANTEE WATER OR NO money. We use screens in all wells where quick sand Is encountered. Special- plan for dug wells needing curbing, saves half. Large screens for dug well with bad quick «and. Wells drilled. Send five dollars for making tests or locating water R. J. Ashton. Port Hope. Ont.
GUELPH DISTRICT: ONE HVND-red acres, excellent farm. Well built on splendid water. Hydro. Ideal location, full equipment. Spring seeding done. Must sell to close * state. Woods Farm Agency. Fergus, Ontario.
wor;.
The ol«l lady Lad made the un-lurtunale young clerk fetch roll iftftea roll of linoleum, until he had <H*pJaye<l everything In the store. "What did you pay It was for, he asked at last In de#
PROMPT DELIVERY ON HIGH quality chicks from carefully culled hloodtested stock Standard Qqtlity White Leghorns $825 i« r c< nt. Pullets $ltM5. Coskerels Barn d Rocks $8.7.*». Pullets $13 95. Cockerels $«1.90. New Hatr.ps $8.75. Pullets $14.95. Cockerels SO.25. White Rocks. Hybrids Barred Rocks x New Hemps. New Ha nips x P.; rrc«l Rocks $9.75. I ul-1. ?„ $14.95. Cockerels $7.9(1. Large Kg g Quality add one cent, Rigger Profit add two cents, started chicks, capons. Free circular. Top Not h rhickcries. Guelph, Ont.
K 1.0W FR I.Vi KHS
6 EXCELLENT VARIETIES LARGE Dahlias, $1.00 postpaid. 100 beautiful. gladiolus. Flowering size albatross — plcardy — other beauties. $2.00. postpaid. F. Walker. SCOT I «AND, Ontario.
LYONS’
90
POISON FOR INSANITY
Insane persons are being restored to normal with one of the deadliest poisons known to man.
The American Prychiatric Association last week heard that curare. used by South American Indians on their spear and arrow heads to kill men r.nd animals within a few minutes, ran now be prescribed safely in medical treatment.
It serves as a preliminary drug in the shock treatment of persons suffering from schizophrenia and other mental diseases.
The treatment came from witch doctors in (he Amazon jungles.
OUTSTANDING BARGAINS
RECONDITIONED FURNITURE
126 Large 3-piece Chesterfield Suite, upholstered in figured rep»). Reversible Marshall spring cush 3ns. Completely reconditioned.
$32 Beautiful brown mohair chesterfield suite, 3 pieces, figured reversible Marshall spring cushions, guaranteed perfectly clean.
$49 Modern 3-piece Chesterfield Suite, floor sample,. upholstered in novelty repp, buffet type, reversible Marshall spring cushions, reg. $89 value.
f 14.50 3-pieee Chesterfield Suite upholstered In figured repp. Reversible Marshall spring cushions. Perfectly clean.
$39 Smart bedroom suite in -felt walnut finish, dresser, chiffonier, full size bed, magies* spring, new? mattress and pair pillows.
$21 Simmons’ walnut finish steel bed, snglesm high riser spring, new roll-edge mattress and Inigo wal-finish dresser with largo :nir-

T»
Wr.
"Ob, didn't I tell you?” replied the customer, brightly. "It's for the bottom of the canary cage ”
FURNITURE FOR SALE
FURNITURE BARGAINS — FREE catalogue of new and used furniture bargains sent on request. All goods sold on money-back gunr. ante*. Wholesale Furniture, 416 Bathurst Street. Toronto.
*1 wonder why rich folks so often marry rich folks?”
•'Because they have so much Itnerest In common.”
"How did you manage to live to tm 107. Mr. Whoeie?”
"Well, you Fee, I refrained from smoking, drinking, took plenty of exorflso and stayed out in the aJr.
"Well, I had an uncle who did all those things, but he died at 67.” "Well, you see, he didn't do them k>ng enough.”
HOLD THAT ORhER UNTIL YOU-check these new low prices effective June 22nd. Standard Qualify White Leghorns $8.25, 90 p*r r.t. Pullets $15.95. Cockerels 1.00, Barred Rock*. New Hampe 8.75. Pullets $11.95. New Ham»
S6.58. Barred Rock $6.75. White Rocks,
GROWERS ATTENTION?
FRUIT GROWERS. GARDENERS. Write to us for prices on your requirements of fruit and vegetable pack? ires. The Oakville Basket Co.. Limited. Oakville. Ontario.
n
l
Cockerels Cœkc re Is White Wyandotte*. Light Sussex Hybrids Barred Rocks % New Humps New Hemps x Barred Rocks, White T>ghorns x Barred Rocks $9.75. Pullets $11.95. Cockerels $7.75. Started chicks, vap-Write for prices on day-old
With several universities affiliated with conservatories of music, Mr. Gibbon argued it would be practical for professors of English and music to co operate in illustrating such lyrics of any period as may have been adapted for e tog tag.
HOTEL* W ANTED
• f
FOR SEWING UP TISSUES
Development of a new method of blood vessel surgery in w hich sugar reds are used as "darning eggs'* in sew ing together the delicate tissues has been announced at the University of Chicago. By this method, the two ends of the ruptured vessel are threaded on to a slender rod of sugar, coated with a thin film of oil to support the tissues. Thus held together, the two ends can he sewn with over and over” stitches.
OUR SUCCESS IN SELLING HOTels Is really phenomenal. We will be pleased to have an opportunity to try to sell yours. We advertise In every paper in Ontario. For our terms write to Et-rt Weir & Sons, Realtors. London. Ontario.
nut
nr.N
and started turkeys. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery. Limited. Baden. Ontario.
ror.
$49 Modern bedroom suite in two-tone walnut finish. Vanity with full length Venetian mirror, chiffonier. full size bed. snglens spring and new mattress. Perfect condition.
$59 Brand new floor sample bedroom suite, in bleached warnut finish, dresser or vanity, chiffonier. full siza bed, eagleea spring and new mattress, i $24 Large solid oak dining r.lte, buffet, extension table and C leather upholstered chairs.
$39 Modern walnut finish dining suite, buffet, extension table and <! leather upholstered chairs. Completely refinished.
$63 Apartment size dining r:om suite, in walnut finish, buffet, extension table, china cabinet and
Re fini Filed. $69 Beautiful English oak dining suite, large buffet, china cabinet, extension table and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$79 Beautiful walnut dining suite, large buffet. extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather upholstered chairs. Perfect.
$119 Large solid walnut dicing suite, (cost new approximately $250), beautiful buffet, extension table, china cabinet, and 6 1 rather upholstered chairs. Completely refinlshcd.
$29.50 Smart 3-piece studio suite, upholstered In stripe homespun material. Studio makes Into twin beds. 2 - hairs to match. Guaranteed perfectly clean.
$17.50 Modern walnut finish breakfast suite. Buffet with cabinet Top and extension table, and 4 chairs. $19.50 Kroehlcr Chesterfield Bed upholstered in figured blue va!?ur with reversible spring-filled cushions and new mattress.
All goods thoroughly reconditioned. guaranteed absolutely clear, «.ml carefully crated for safe shipment on receipt of money-order.
MONTHS. Weighing four and a half to five and a half pounds at 4 months. That's what Bray write. Don't hesitate to buy June Bray chicks. Add to your flocks, or start in with Bray's. Watch them grow. Fine June breeds are Leghorns. Newhampshire L.S. x N. H. Started chicks to order. Jtrr.v Hatchery. 139 John N., Hamilton. Ont.
LAYING AT 4 4%
HARNESS & COLLARS
Most Unflattering Posture Pefects
MACH.. FARR IMPLEMENT*
customers
Con suit
Farmers Attention¦ your nearest Harness Shop about Staco Harness Supplies. We sell our goods only through your local Staco Leather Good* dealer. The goods are right, and *o are rices. We manufacture in
Harness, Horse
Bowman Electric Herder
FULL GUARANTEED. 6 VOLTS. Disk regulator. High-Low switch battery. Insulators, plete
Bowman Electric Herder, Petersburg. Ontario.
r
Fomin inek posture,1 according to Elizabeth MacDonald, lecturer mf New York City, can effectively—if unflatteringly—be divided inlo five classifications.
Any number of college girls, ehe declared, can be pegged as follows: (1) Collapsed skmiach;ji i “Tummy ache” p o * t u r e ;
) Barrel shapes; (4) Stomach wrinkles; (6) swallowed watermelon postures.
Mies MacDonald's college lee-lure* have proved effective. Carefree, co-eds listened in silence while she lifted what's wrong with them.
Price com. $16.00. Dealers wanted.
our factories Collars, Sweat Pads, Horse Blankets, and Leather Travelling Goods. Insist cn Staco Brand Trade Marked Good*, and you get satisfaction Made only by:
our
MUSICAL HEM LT KB MENT*
STARTED CHICK BARGAINS — Large type Pennsylvania Leghorn
old $7.96 per 100. pul-Barred Hocks, Rock x ?>ghorn Hybrids $7.95. pullets $13.00. 2 weeks old pullets 23c. 4 weeks old any breed 30c. .Special mating pullet» 2e per chirk more. 7«akevlew Poultry Farm, Weln Ero*.. Exeter, Ontario.
LET US LOOK AFTER YOUR MUS-lcal requirements. Music, Instruments. accessories. Broadway Mu-ale, 2376 Yonge St.. Toronto.
chicks, day lets $15.00.
SAFES
6 leather seat chairs.
I’rotecr year ROOK* wed CASH from FIRE end THIEVE*. We have * alee wed type of Safe, or Cabinet, for nay purpeee. Visit
us, nr «write fer prices, cte. to Dept. $V,
«
t»KIt**»* 41.
SAMUEL TREES CO , LTD.
WRITE FOR CATALOGUE
tv
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY, inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimonials. Ounronleed. Advice free Rarf left’s Hnx 1 Winnipeg.

LARGE TYPE TOM BARRON IJ2G-horn mixyl chicks 16.95. pullets guaranteed 90 per cent. $14.95 per IOC. Barred Rocks. Rock x Red Hybrids. Rock x Leghorn Hybrids mixed chicks $7.95. pullets $12.96. 5 wcek>ld pullets $6c, 6 weeks oM 35c. Exeter Chick Hatchery. Ex*. • ter; Ontario.
j.gj.TAYLDR UMrrto TMONTO SAFE WORKS
I I
42 Wellington St. E
Toronto
SALESMEN WANTED
l
4
KAMI LEX QUALITY PRODUCTS becoming better known every day — we need more salesmen to insure the best possible service to satisfied customers. Any active and honest man can make a living selling 200 necessities which bring repeat orders by themselves. There Is NO RISK with our sue. cessful plan. Ask for FREE catalogue and information: FAMILBX COMPANY. 670 St. Clement St.. MONTREAL
14f# Frost St. K.* Toronto Established IKft.%
J
«©If

I
BUY QUALITY CHICKS. EAST TO the stand-by of thousands
raise.
of poultry-keepers year after year. Day old and started. Two hatches a week to take care of prompt
Vigorous breeding Farms A Hatchery,
•ms
Y
A STRONG, 25-YEAR ROOFING
m
shipment.
•took. Selling Elmira. Ontario
Why vaste money on wood shinties tbst bum? Roof your budding* with METAt for permanence, protection snd economy. Pedlar s Nu*Roof in the "Council Standard ' Stand, is Guaranteed fcr 25 Years Send dimr?riobS of yovj Redding for cur ficc rrt»m»t of complete cert,	" *“
PtJàn and ft 441 tm tftlUatiom.
iN$ MoiAR T^TTnnvio
£.1 L-hitW lid!
Heed OfVke - Ofhcwe. Oat.
Monti eal Ouaaa 101 on to Winnipeg Calgary Vancouver
Bara Roofing—Granary Lining

Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
ATCH
SITPERT1TE STEEL SHEETS COST le*», cover more, last longer, lay faster, save sheathing. Buy now before war advances prices, direct from factory. Superior Products United. 15 Nelson Street, Sarnia, Ontario.
7*
#1
M
eaelllf CANDID
CAMERA #W ##"«* abasSaSi
1er sslliag eel, *4 kellies • •«luted prices fell
WATCH
XI
Ü
U^d
New
LYONS FURNITURE CO. 478 Yonge St.
RPECIA1.1ZI Y(i 114 I4KIIDII.T MOTORS, row KILL NIT*. Hydreelfe Holsts, W 1er bee, tir Slug eel

BTi
Toronto
m

ruler», Sturt-
Ill 1,1. KOR SALE
4431
PEDLARS NuRoof
à
Carbureters. Iledlel-Fxcbaage Nervine. Cl
Levy Aele
/

1
mm
RHUIRTERED YEARLING RH4IAT Horn Bull. 8. A. Water K.K. L C»nkwjie. Ontario.
ISSUE NO. 24—"40
letlefe**Hue er refw
' .

###PAGE###4###
ordered to pat np notice, that anyone crossing said bridge do so lit their own risk until the new one is built.
Motion by Crs Smart-Grant, that Yfm. Chiaeell be paid $25.00 in Cwn equal payments, towards the work of keeping in shape the war memorial, and that Shawville Council be paid $4.40 being one half cost of lawn mower, purchased for this purpose.—Carried.
Request of Lawn Bros., re. valuation on Lots 27 and 28, Range 2, was discussed. The Secretary was instructed to notify Lawn Bros, that this Council is not familiar with the Lots in question, they sent out valuators in assessed all property in their report was left open for thirty days, in order to deal with any complaints which might come in, at the expiration of this delay the Council accepted their report, the same remaining in force until the next valuation which will take place in 1941. A note of this objection will be taken and at the next valuation if these Lots are found to be overvalued, no doubt an adjustment will be made.
The following bills were presented for approval :
Pontiac House, Board of Councillors for six months. ... the road foreman be notified to lower Ste. Marie à Ste Marie, services
this culvert.	Hodgins Lumber Co.............
Councillor Fitzsimmons took his seat Geo. Robitaille, opening roads
at the Board.	Harry Belsher,................
Ray mo id McCaffrey appeared and Herbert Elliott," cedars............
requested assistance from his road divi- | a. O. Stark, sion.
THE EQUITY
Hodgins Garage
SHAWVILLB, JUNE 20,1846
SEED CORN
Bristol Council
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service • -
; Bristol, June 3, 1940
Regular session held, on above date, present Mayor McLellsn and Councillors Dut Henderson, McNeill and Orr.
The minutes of last regular meeting were read and on motion of Orr-Duff were adopted.
Percy Cruickshanks appeared and re qnogted that he bq allowed to spend the road labour that had been paid in direct tc t^e Council and also be paid for vdiog binders on the ro%d. This request was granted.
Councillor Beattie took his seat at the Board.
Messrs. E. M. Findlay and A S. Meidruai appeared re the road in their road division : Motion by Crs Beattie-Henderson, that a grant of $50.00 be given to this road division —Carried.
A report was read from S. J. Bell re. water on the side road between Lots 20 and 21, Range 2
Chevrolet,
Sales
We have recently unloaded a car of Rennies Choice No. 1 Seed Corn, containing the following varieties :

1938, who Clarendon,
V
v
r
*
Golden Glow Early Bailey White Cap Compton's Early
Improved Learning, Pride of Nishna, Wisconsin No. 7, Canadian Sweepstakes, Long Fellow.
Gars and Thicks
Used
.
V
r * )
»
Prices Range From
Choice Lot to Choose From
A
It was agreed that
$ 32 50
$1.30 to $1.65

5 00
30
Per Bushel
.
4 00
3 20
O ne—1936—Chevrolet Coach One—1938 —Chevrolet Coach Two—1938 —Chevrolet Sedans	t
One—1935—Chevrolet Truck, Dump-body One—1936—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body One—1934—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
48 20 154 10
Motion by Os Macfarlane-Hanna, that these be paid.—Carried.
Discussion regarding sheep killed by ed about water being diverted by the i dogs. It was decided that no sheep or improving of the McKee-Weirstead road lambs would be paid for unless seen by last Fall ; it was agreed that Rural valuator or on affidavit of the owner Inspector J. R. Corrigan be notified to | that they were killed by dogs, inspect this water and report on same

U
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REÇU
No action taken.
Frank McKee appeared and complain
f
v
Councillor Hanna gave notice that at Motion by Fitzsimmons-Henderson, I the next meeting of this Council he that the Sec.-Treas. be instructed to would introduce a By-law levying a sign the application for service for 26 rate on all taxable property in this street lights for Norway Bay when the I Municipality, to defray the expense of plan has been corrected to show the I this Council for the year, 1940. proper location of the lights.—Carried. Motion by Crs Smart-Judd, to aJ-Wellington Smith appeared and re-|journ.—Carried quested a grant to gravel hills in his road division and also tile for same ;
Motion by Crs. Duff Orr, that a grant of $30.00 be given to gravel the hills and also that Mr. Smith purchase 300 tile for same. —Carried.
A letter was read from^J. M. Kilroy regarding a boundary fence. This was left over for future consideration.
A report was read from Wm Beattie re a bridge job auctioned by him on the deviated portion of the ninth concession
x
x
Space Required for Plants
The number of plants required for
planting any given area may be
approximately determined on the
basis of a plant to every square foot
of space. Some require more than
this while others require less; the
average, therefore, will about even
up. Taking a border that is 20 feet
.	,	long by 4 feet wide, for instance,
Night Driving Blindness	lt jg very cjose t0 correct to say
Study of night highway accidents	gQ plants will be needed to fill
indicates that a substantial part of	^g being the number of square
them may result from the inability ^eet ^ contains. Thus, if you like
of drivers to adjust their eyes after kinds 0f flowers, you may pro
the blinding light of headlights, ac- vjde ejg^t of each kind This will
cording to the Better Vision msti- pjant larger sections of some than
*** C. A. 8. Sale. : this WAS left over until a diet rich in vitamin A. The best chanceway for persons with this visual shortcoming to avoid accidents, warns the institute, is to drive as little as possible at night, and when
NOTICE
x

In the Estate of Alfred James Brabazon, deceased.
All persons having claims against the estate of Alfred James Brabazon, late of Portage du Fort in the County of Pontiac, and Province of Quebec, deceased, are required to send same, with particulars of security held, if any, and verified by statutory declaration, to the undesigned on or before the 10th day of July, A D , 1940, after which date the assets of the estate may be distributed among the parties entitled thereto, having regard only to the claims of which the undersigned shall then have notice.
Dated at Shawville, Que., this 10th day of June, 1940.
MISS MARY A. BRABAZON,
Executor Estate Alfred James Brabazon,
Portage du Fort, Quebec.
J. Ij. HUDGINS

John A. Dkan, Sec-Treas

Phone 64 J.
s


ESTABLISHED 1883
INVALID
COACH
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Directors of Funeral Service
next meeting.
Motion by Crs Henderson Orr, that the following bills be approved and
Serbert Elliott, plank_________j
Minutes of South Onslow#
Pectin From Sweet Potatoes	School Board
If the method of making it '‘jells'*	-----
.	, economically, pectin from sweet po-	*	Quyon, June 14, 1940
night	driving	is	necessary,	to	op-	tatoes	may be on the market inewf	- A regular meeting of South	Onslow
erate	the car slowly	and	cautiously. |	^ese	days. Chemists have' long	j School Board was held on the above
known	that the sweet potato contains	date at the usual place of	meeting,
about	2 per cent of pectin, along	| Members present were, J. H.	Hender-
with its 20 per cent of starch, but j son, chairman, and Commissioners Bur-there were no practical possibili- den, Amm and Poole, ties in the extraction of this dab j On motion of Conir Poole the minutes of material until the development of of last, meeting were adopted as read.
feasible process of making a white j On motion of Comr. Burden the fol-starch from the sweet potato put lowing bills were ordered paid ; most of the pectin in the byprod- j R. Hamilton, work at No. 3.. $ 9 42 uct pulp The present commercial Ottawa Pnblic School Board
sources of pectin are also byprod- for seats.....................
nets—apple pomace at the vinegar Arthur Smiley, work at No. 1
factories and citrus peel at the juice | Donation to Red Cross...
and fiAiit canning plants. Pectin | W. 0. Cowan, publishing from beet pulp—also a byproduct—
Shawville, Que.
Phone 8 3
squares and
$ 97 28
P. Cruicksbanks, labor on roads 38 75 Canada Ingot Iron Co, grader 180 00 Canadian National Railways Notices of assessment were read from the Canadian National Railway Co. and the Canadian Pacific Railway Co.
Motion by Henderson Beattie, that the following changes be made in the Valuation Roll.
Est. of Miss V. Bridgcman to Miss Grace McKecbnie, Pt. Lot 10, Range 1,
Valuation $500.
A E. Lamb Lot 10-38, Range 1, to Mrs. Geo. Hermans.
Est. Hugh O’Donell to Ed. McColgan Lot 16 a, Range 8, Valuation $800.
Est. J as. A. Graham Lots 17 A, 17 c, i 18-a, i 19 A, Range 5, to Mrs. Maye
^LeoKehoe Lot Pt 23 JUn e 5 to !	Ancient Roman Brick"
* T ,	4	1» .	. V passed the brick yard at the time	'
i	JhomP*oa 10 Herbert Youn8 when this particular brick, with
1/Ot 19d, Itange 6.	many others, was still soft and dry-
i	Ti^nsmission Co., on Lots ing ^ ^e sun The letters are in
1 to21, ^an^8A) an^ 40 8teel t‘)Wer8 Greek. The top line was made by raised from $500 Lo $1000 on each and a ^hild who was still learning to every one °f the 40 steel towers.	make capitals and he practiced by
Gatineau Power Co., on Lots 1 to 21, making "S ' (Greek Sigma) ten Range 5, 258 wooden posts, valuation times
raised from $20. to $25 on each and wrote ten times the letter *'KM every one of the 258 wooden posts. (Greek Kappa). Then he wrote at Gatineau Power Co., on Lots f to 13, the end of the first line the Greek Ranges 1 and 2, and also on sideroad WOrd Xelona. meaning turtle, and qptweeb 3 and 4, Ranges 1 to 5, at the end of the second line the aod on the sideroad between Lots 8 and words myla (mill) and kados (tur-9, Ranges 1 and 2, 251 wooden posts at tiP)
$25. each.	'*
10 50
Prefabricated Stairs
Prefabricated stairs designed for installation in houses provide low-cost, fire-safe stairways and are particularly adaptable as a modernization device to replace units worn and unsafe. The average unit weighs about 380 pounds and may he installed by two men prefabricated stairs are designed so the supports permit the installation jf the unit in any type of floor fram-If desired, treads may be of •iteel. with linoleum or asphalt tile.
The
a
FORD V-8
These
15 00 14 40 I 10 00
ng
10 00
minutes
has comparatively low jellying | Sec.-Treas. salary and postage 110 00
J. H. Henderson, travel Jos. A. Steele,
W. J, Fleming, light and heat
for hall................
Motion by Cornr Poole, that this Board give the schools the usual
3 00
power
U
3 00
10 00
The lower-priced ford V 8, with a character of its is definitely modern in every detail of design, evident
smooth lines and the accent upon size and roominess.
own.
This is
the deep hood, the low grille, the long.
in
Like the De Luxe Ford, it has advanced in value all along the line, with a great number of important new features.
7os. A Steele, Sec.-Treas
yawning depths of which lies one of the world's most famous and lovely lakes. Three to five stops were made to permit photographic studies. A helpful feature was the exhibition of photographs taken on previous trips at these stopping places. Both good and bad results were shown and discussed. makes of camera were employed very jealous of their reputation of by the group, from inexpensive box making what they call the real cameras to expensive, up-to-date Cheddar They complain bitterly equipment	that the cheesemakers of the Unit-
It has the same extra inchc^of leg Finger-Tip Gearshift, Controlled Ventilation, Sealed-Beam Head-lamps, and the same'quiç^, easy-shifting
The improved shock àbèorb^-s, and the more flexible springs and new torsion bar ride-stabilizer, give it an outstandingly level ride, brakes give straight, quick stops.
room.
Real' Cheddar Cheese
Originated in England
The natives of the little Somerset
Then beneath these, he
transmission.
AH village of Cheddar. England, are
Its big hydraulic
*d States. Australia, and Canada have copied their product and that each of these countries now claim
J
The 85 horse power Ford V-8
Laminated Building Arch
Although European builders for I H as their own although it was pro the last 30 or 40 years have made duced in Somerset 800 years ago use of the glued laminated wooden and was patronized by King John arch for supporting the roofs of when on his hunting expeditions large buildings, this device is only They also claim that "real" Ched beginning to be made use of in this dar can only be produced in that country. The glued, laminated arch district owing to “the sweet lime is constructed by bending a . one- stone pastures, their finer grasses inch board into a curve and then and clovers, and springs of pure wa bending and gluing other similar | ter." boards to it, lengthwise and one by one, by means of pressure ap- I for Cheddar at the London and oth-plied with clamps. These built-up er dairy shows generally find their wooden arches are being used in | way north of the Tweed, hundreds of spans of 100 feet or more. The arches are capable of being built up to larger cross sections and greater lengths than usually are employed in wood construction and make possible the utilization of material that is too small to be structurally useful otherwise. Even such structures as vehicular bridges have been constructed with this type of arch for support.
engine gives unusual operating economy, with outstanding performance. Many owners report 22 to 27 miles per gallon of gasoline.	.	-,	1.
— Carried.
On motion of Crs. Duff the meeting adjourned.
{
Foreign Language Studies
The National Federation of Modern Language Teachers has started a campaign to encourage more general study in the United States of languages used by the other American republics—Spanish, Portuguese and French. Taking into account the close relations of the American republics, and the ties of commerce Clarendon Council met on the above | and culture, the federation will is-date. present. Mayor Barr, and Council- | SUe a series of “Language Leaflets’* lora Smart, Grant, Hanna, Macfarlane edited by Dean Henry Grattan Doyle and Whelen.	0f the George Washington university
Minutes of last meeting were read and at Washington. The first of these on motion of Crs. Macfarlane-Whelen, pamphlets was written by Under-were approved as read	secretary of State Sumner Welles,
Councillor Judd entered and took his who pointed out that knowledge of seat at the Board.	modern foreign languages is partie-
A delegation was present asking for ularly appropriate at present when a bridge op Lot 17-18, Hinge 11 The international relations assume an road foreman, Mosie Murphy was in- even greater importance in the lives structed to build this bridge using as I and interests of all peoples, much road labour as possible, and was
%
H. I. Smith
Sec.-Treas,
Whether you choose tkt Ford V-8 or the De Luxe I Ford V-8. you know that the matchless experience and H manufacturing facilities of the Ford Motor Company fl assure you of the best possible value for the invest.
Clarendon Council
4
Yet strange to say, the first prizes
June 3rd, 1940
money you
miles away from Cheddar. However, the Cheddar people have one consolation, they can still boast that in the neighboring (village or) city of Wells at the United Dairies cheese factory is situated the largest cheese-maturing chamber in the world, which has a capacity of 100,000 cheeses, and there it is a common sight to see ar many as 70,000 ?o 80,000 cheeses at one time.
Horses and cattle taken in part payment
G. A. Howard & Son
Shawville
Quebec
terpnie to the Iwh of épr*. A I
###PAGE###5###
Service Announcement! .criai War With Insecte
Carde of Than lee
The Equity
>ing Fought by Science
The United States is carrying on in aerial war less spectacular than Europe’s, but vitally important-to 11.00 a.m —Rev. J. McKay, of Ottawa, I this country's welfare, guest speaker, for 105th anniversary of Government planes have captured the founding of the circuit at Shawville. thousands of “enemies" nearly 7.30 p m.—The Pastôr will preach in \ three miles off the ground. These continuance of the anniversary. "enemies" and their kind annually 3 00 p ,n.-Service at Starks Corners, cause million# of dollars' damage
7.30 p.m.-Service at Zion.	to growing crop*
The agriculture department has
Bristol United Church I *	°* Planes that searches the
D ,, .	0 on skies for plant insects. Some of the
Rev. C. Armstrong-Saleh, B. D.	pianes are in the air almost every
Sunday, June 16	day of the year trapping the pests.
Sunday School 10.00 From the captured insects en-
8ei vice at 11.00 tomologists are able to gather vaiu-
Sunday School 2.00	able new information on the habits,
Service at	3 00	and particulary on the spread, of
Sunday School 10.301 some of ^ destructive crop pests
Service at
Sermon Subject—"Worthwhile People”
Shawvillb United Church
Rev A. F. Foeas B. A., B.D. Pastor
Sfr. and Mrs. Robert John Woods àid family deaiiwioe*pC6skheir sincere appreciation and thanks to their neighbors and friends for their many acts of k'ndness during their recent sad bereavement.
Furniture Department
Special June Sale of Mattress
Betakllsüed 188*
pn»i.nm*D ivsbt thurhdat at SHAWV1LLB, QUBBBC
Sunday, June 16
r
annual subscription
II 50
Anywhere in Oaoads To United States.
• •
2.00
Words fail us when we attempt to express our gratitude to neighbours and friends for deeds and words of kindness, to the clergy for messages of encouragement-, to the choir for its hymn of comfort, to those who gave flowers would thank all who are so kind to us in our time of sorrow.
Mrs. Eiwin Armstrong and Jessie
Eclipse Mattress, Sizes 39, 48, 54,
Made with all Sanitary New Material.
Simmons Special Sundown Mattress
Sizes 39, 48 and 54 inches
Simmons Challenge Mattress
Simmons White Swan Mattress
Simmons Mount Royal Mattress
Special Canadian Mattress, Encased in Finest Quality Sanitary Layer Felt, Inner Spring, Sizes 39, 48 and 54 inches
The Royal Canadian Inner Spring Mattress, Special
Simmons Inner Spring Mattress
• • • •
$6.25
All arrears must be paid In full before any paper is discontinued
W. O.OOWAN, PUBLISHER
'‘Selective' Tree Cutting
Aids U.‘ S. Conservation
$6.95
We
St. Andrews,
U	41
Knox,
II
Austin,
$8.50
$8.50
The problem of perpetuating the nation's forest reserves apparently lis being solved in the southern states, at least. Lumbermen in that section say that a new method of selective cutting which they have pioneered guarantees a perpetual supply of good timber 1f universally adopted.
Already they foresee steady em-%9&#ment for communities which otherwise would be abandoned, as many have been in the past; conservation of rich top soil; preservation of game; prevention of climatic changes resulting from denudation of large forest areas.
Formerly the companies built logging roads into forests and used steam skidders to drag logs to the tracks. Skidders are steam-powered drums which drag in the logs by cables. The method is not only expensive but highly destructive. Little of value is left after a stand is logged in this fashion.
The new method depends on the use of modern low-priced trucks, inexpensive logging roads, easily and cheaply built with modern road machinery, and log loaders of the drag line shovel type. With this equipment loads of from 2,500 to 4,500 board feet are economically and speedily handled.
The trucks go into the woods and get as close as possible to the spot where trees are being felled. Logging with trucks, road machinery and log loaders is so much cheaper than with earlier methods that logging companies can take only the larger trees, leaving the smaller ones to mature later. A continuous yield results.
Before placing the new method in operation, the companies make a survey in which trees are classified as to size and condition. The larger ones and those in unsound condition are marked and logging crews take only the marked trees. Removal of unsound trees along with good ones helps in eradicating disease and at the same time aids the development of younger trees.
Southern companies * employing» the new method proudly display “before and after" photographs of timbered areas in which selective tutting has been practiced.
$11.50
Many insects fly long ^distances and thus spread infestation over large areas. Others soar high and then let the prevailing wind carry them. By learning their direction and approximate numbers, the department is able to chart their spread and take action against them in new areas.
7.30
Mrs. Benjamin Hines and family desire to express their heartfelt thanks to friends and neighbours for many acts of kindness and expressions of sympathy extended them in the loss of a beloved husband and father.
ANGLICAN St. Paul’s Sunday, June 23
8.00	a m —Holy Communion
10.00	a. m —Sunday School
7 30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity
10.00	p m.— Sunday School
11.00	a. m —Holy Communion
St. Luke’s
1.30 p.m.—Sunday School
2.00	p.m.—Evening Prayer
$14.50
)
$15.75


The Hodgins Lumber Co.
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
Experiment» Yield Tips
On Beating Father Time
Keep thin if you want to add to your lifé.
That conclusion is drawn from 10 years of research on the prolonging of life and the arresting of old age, which was conducted in the animal nutrition laboratories at Cornell university of Ithaca, N. Y.
The subjects for the long experi ments were white rats. In 700 day? they live the equivalent of 70 yeart in the life of a man. They shov changes with age similar to those of human beings. Hair, eyes, size, bones, organs, all are affected.
When the experiments started 10 years ago the rats were divided into three groups. One group was permitted to grow normally by being fed unlimited quantities of a balanced ration.
A second group had its growth retarded by being fed a limited diet. The third group first was allowed to grow normally and then was retarded. All rats were given diets complete and adequate in all such essentials as vitamins, minerals and protein. Food limitation was only in calories.
All animals on unlimited diet were. dead after about 700 days, while the other two groups survived longer. The Methuselah of the lot was an animal that lived 1,400 days, the equivalent of 140 years in man. This rat had been fed a limited diet; in fact, it never had a "square meal."
Another experiment lasting four years confirmed the conclusion that life can be prolonged, and scientists then turned to studying the diseases of old age. They found that animals whose growth was retarded showed fewer tumors than those which grew normally.
X-ray and chemical analysis were used to study the degree of calcification of eyes and other organs. The rate at which bones became brittle with old age was likewise recorded.
Other experiments were directed toward determining whether the middle-aged animal should take exercise and what food it should eat. Rats were kept on a liberal diet | until middle age. They were then divided into 16 groups. Some were kept thin by daily exercise and others by restricted calories; some were given high-protein diets and some low.
In these experiments, the animals : forced to remain thin had the longer life. Other factors were of minor ! importance. Fat animals had short-
Exercise was beneficial
il


g

Phone 27
>-v

THE HODGINS LUMBER COMPANY

g
Quebec
Shawville,
et
/
$14.85
$19.95
$22.50
$25.00
$30.00
$39.50
U;
Health Rest.... Slumber Deep Slumber Ring Deep Sleep
Ostermoor Beauty Rest
DALE’S TINSHOP
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Simmons Sliding Couches
For your homo or Suuunor Cottago $12*50
Couch Covers
Good Quality Mattress and Cover _____
If you take Quality into consideration the prices quoted here are less than any Catalogue House.
f X
P-U-M-P-S
$6.95
Wooden Railroad Ties
Still Rated as Superior
More than 2,500 patents have been granted in the last 50 years for railroad-tie materials other than wood, says a booklet issued by the United States department of agriculture. But in general, railway traffic continues to move on a wood foundation. The forest products laboratory estimates that about a billion wooden ties are in service.
There is an annual renewal of about 10(7 ties to the mile, on the average, but several important railroads get along with yearly renewals of 50 to 75 ties a mile. This longer life of the tie results from better roadbed, better construction methods, and chemical treatments with preservatives. In recent years railroads have been buying about 50,000,000 ties a year, compared with nearly 150,000,000 30 years ago. Three-quarters of the ties are now treated before they are laid.
Cheapness, strength, elasticity, resistance to shock, ease of replacement, and electric insulating properties are qualities of wood ties that account for the demand that g promises a continuing market for
product of American
We are carrying a large stock of Beatty Pumps and Parts for every purpose, all at a price $o suit you. this stock and save money.
Call in and see
GROCERY DEPARTMENT
8-Hurry Horne's Jelly, (25c value) and Plate .
a ..	*»	»*	“	“	“ Sherbet ....
23c
Sherbet Minute Tapioca and Tumbler.
23c
LESLIE DALE
Shawville,
3—
13c
44
4 4
1-
25c
4—Supreme Jelly and Tumbler Prepared Mustard, « os. Tumblers »• *« 16 •• ...................
Quebec
10c
14c
17c
44
24
44
41
99c
gallons ..
44
44
MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
er lives
to healthy animals and disastrous to those with organic weaknesses.
“The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
Traffic Safety Campaign I» Under Way in South
A new Confederacy is being formed in the South—not to flight and kill in battle,. but to end the ever-growing menace of death on the highways.
Hundreds of tourists are killed and other thousands are injured every year through the lack of uniform speed and safety laws and incomplete enforcement of existing regulations.
To curb this toll of motorists, Georgia Safety Commissioner Lon E. Sullivan has sought and found the co-operation of other state law-enforcement officers in a drive on highway fatalities.
The southwide safety movement is directed especially toward Alabama, Tennessee, South Carolina, North Carolina, Virginia and Kentucky which catch the bulk of the annual migration to and exodu* from southern seasonal resorts.
In Georgia, uniformed patrolmen stationed throughout the day and night where U. S. highways 1, 17 and 41 enter the state, stopping tourist car to acquaint the with state traffic laws Each
'ÏMT
FOR SALE
25c
Sweet Mixed Pickles, 27 oz bottle Dill Pickles,
Tomato Catsup,
Oak-Leaf Tomato Juice, 28 oz can Apple and Raspberry Jam, per jar
Plum Jam, per jar....................
Jelly Powders, all flavors, per pkg..
Coffee, fresh ground, per pound......
Black Tea, bulk, per pound Map-0 Spread, 26 oz tin....
G M Peanut Butter, 20 oz ice box jar
11 "
Grapefruit Juice, 50 oz tin ,,
Red & White Baking Powder per tin
Dates, pitted, per pound.....	......
Pure Lard, 2 pounds..................

" Tile Lap " Sheets Galvanized Steel Roofing ordinary and Council Standard. Send ridge and rafter lengths for estimate.
EYSTSRM STEEL PRODUCTS 'Ltd 1333 Delorimier Avenue
' Montreal, Quebec
A.G.F.A.
KODAK
FILMS
15c
17
S •
I •
Roÿ A. fraser
Flowers, < ft», Novelties
17c
25
II
6 I
10c
y
25c
l* RENFREW, ONT.
I Box 886
25c
$
Phone 160
Wilson’s Garage
%
5c
The Same Reliable Service
39c
ALL SIZES
• #
Distinctive Flower ' Styling, that's our business. We in vite your patronsge orders of #1.00 or over, phone us collect $5.00 or over phone us collect and we shall prepay.

60c
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
$•••••••
»
25c
On
e #
4
GUARANTEED
25c
On orders of
Ford Service
15c
# 6
J
« 6
25c
Shell Sealed Ca$ & Oils
• #.#*######
e e e
THE CORNER STORE
25c
V
J. P. Wilson
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
15c
are
Phone anytime between 7am
and 11 p. in.
Main and Centre eta SHAWVILLE. - QUE.
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
23c
every
driver
tourist is sent on his way with a booklet on accident prevention.
###PAGE###6###
strategic Dardanelles, is allied to | Britain and Fiance b>;. a mutual ^ aid phctf operating against all ft
-Soviet dtuatiaK. »nA r
the Turkish general staff finished mapping their final defense pjans ; (f	had it .that general
Fran bo, of Spain, would shortly his countrymen into • the fight against the Allies; dispatches from Madrid, told t>( growing in-, sisfegre t'haï the Brifièh retitiqdhh their hold on Gibraltar . %tT|
Tension Subsides
Canad»*" Active Service Corpe Go To Summer Camp
th it
7
v>
y
Hi
Are We Likely To Be Invaded?
///<

<1
I
V
% 9



l
»


»
3
We Are Not Inaccessible — Far >rohi';lt Says Jean-Chae.
Harvey," Editor of Le Jour

order
WH THE
2!sr CONSECUTIVE YEAH
At a time when the real war session of the King Government la eltting and when Germany la hurling all her forces of destruction against our allies, France and England, after having violated the neutrality of all the small nations along the Baltic and the North Sen, we believe we express the wish of an immense majority "of ' Canadians ithett we ask the leaders of the noun try to,, take all the necessary
in order to ensure the
Balkan

BALKANS! 'TheUBalkan pot dropped from boiling-point to just plain hot' during tho.xvwk, Soviet Russia, in a southeastern peace niovt', withdrew troop* ,fjom the Hungarian frontier an I •Hungary in return vsuspended pjans to call more reserves to the aïmy; at the pattux lime*. Russia opened the way to Rumania for out-of-court settlement * of the Bessarabian question (Bessarabia,
& Rumanian Province, was it pait of Czarist Russia seized by Rumania in 1918). A Soviet nounccmcnt in; -London ho ip* d further to dissipate the Balkan
that Russia views her
measures security of our people and our Institutions, writes Jean-Charles Harvey, editor of Le Jour (Montreal).
Last year, in these very columns we*wrote that Canada was not exempt from the danger of Invasion. 6<une sceptics laughed In our faces sud held us up to ridicule. Days and months have passed. September came with the declaration of Even then, our pacifist know-

éh
t


K

* »
w *
<
Into the gruelling 500 miles, over a rough, hot, brick track at the Indianapolis Speedway, are packed all the strains and wear of 50,000 miles of ordinary driving. Tires have to withstand quarter-ton blows, not only once but hundreds vf titties per minute!
•*-w
mm

an*



Tension
interests in the Black Sea and the eastern Mediterranean as part ahel with those of the Allies. (Russian sou ce s' also hinted that in particular view of Italian I pressure there was at least a good possibility of diplomatic co-opei-I ation between the Kremlin and I the Allied in the Near East).
I FAR EAST: A Foreign OffUv I authority, in a radio speech to I his country last week told the I Japanese people, and incidentally I let the world know, that Japan's I policy of non-involvement in the I war between Germany and the I Allies might soon become one of I involvement “in the sense of pre-I venting the spread of the Euroin the
HHthat Japan would grab the rich Netherlands Fast Indies; ar-d possibly Singapore and French Indo-China if and when they be-weak enough to need ‘'pro-
war
n-alTs declared that Canada would atfrbe directly concerned with the bloody adventure. Ev»n the most ardent supporters of participation dW not dream for a second of the possibility of the invasion of Canada by the Nazi forces. The Government, the very one that declared war, did not seem to be aware of the immediate peril that the country might run. It believed in the danger, yes, but like millions of Canadians, it did not imagine that the day would come when our shores, our cities, our Industrial
might be attacked and
I

With this proof there can no longer be
of which tire is sajist.
*ny question
4
the ex

€to„rc safety features to withstand pun ièhment of this kind—Fir est on tire that has been on the winning care ¦| Indianapolis jo r 21 conunitive year si Have the nearest Firestone Dealer put Firestone Champion tires on your now. Specify Firestone when buying yosr new car.
the
X
! '
mm«
again in the fall.
en
Jlifoe 'Depend.* on ^afoetij-
it> TjrcSfOM*
m
centres blood spilled

A WARNING TO US
pean war to Asia,” i.e sense
That which is now happening, in Europe should nevertheless be a tragic warning to db. What will the bring? Nobody knows. And
Canada’s Apathy Towards Poetry
eiLiutnt. Twice, he declared. Lie First Canadian Division overseas had been ready to embark tor service on Ihe Continent, but hail been recalled by the Allied general staff. He announced that a contingent of Canadian troops had taken over
Indies; that destroyers of the Canadian Navy were operating in United Kingdom waters in co-operation with the Royal Navy; that a fighter squadron of the R C' A F. was ready for overseas.
morrow
what we do know is that we have to do with an implacable enemy, who has already laid to waste a portion of Europe, an enemy who respects nothing and who was, at least In the beginning, infinitely better prepared to destroy and to Jonquer than any other country In the world, an enemy who baa shown clearly enough his determination to dominate the universe. President Roosevelt himsflt; no, in a moving speech ritfeimf bP fore the Members of the Pan-Amer-
tpn Scientific Congress. And for
She first time in th* history of thle
Continent, a President of the great-
eel American power expressed the
•ear of an invasion of the two
came lection
W A R - W E E K—Commentary on Current Events
THE
South ef the Border
f Moi ircal, « ;ii niian Society of linn apathy
J. Murray Gibbon, pleaded “the case of ballad*1 before the R<
Canada, deplored Ca towards poetry and sugrmM fuller appreciation coulil l* pairod If its teaching were allier particularly in high mi lvereitiee.
Mr. Gibbon, prominent and rt-search worker in and music, suggested authorities in charge o' teachers could specify teaching of English ill* r utur study of lyric poetry an should be coordinated study of the music the lyrics aud the bi ll; «>.
SHOULD COM Bib E TW
UNITER STATES: A veritable war hysteria was seen sweeping the V. S. during the week, follow, ing a wave of reports of Nazi fifth column activity In South America
fears of a Nazi
to*
New Western Front Battle Is Deciding France’s Fate
garrison duties in the West
ith munis U HT 1 un
t
and In Mexico uprising south of the border gave rise to the belief that the United States might have a war on her doorstep shortly, before she
not for a moment believe, this Island or a large part of It were subjugated and starving, then our Empire beyond the seas, armed and guarded by the British fleet, will carry on its struggle until. In God's
the New World with all
"On June 4 Dunkirk fell after bitfighting. The first chapter of
(Official
author fi «More du« ailona! • bools for but In the
that
Heard during the week thousands of European refugee children were coming to make their homes in Canada; that the British Government might ship Nazi prisoners of war over here to be interned; that the possibility of evacuating British children to Canada and Australia was under urgent consideration by the British government;
agreement
1er
own
had a chance to jump in on the side of the Allies in Europe, or stop Italy from participating.
Following by fifteen days his original emergency request for H,-182,000,000 for expansion of the na-armed forces
this campaign Is ended communique of the German High
Command).
On June 5 the second chapter in the war to the death between Germany and the Allies began. Evidently having decided to seule the score with France first before attempting invasion of Britain, the German army on that date launched e terrific offensive against the Weygand line, throwing 600,' into the fight, supported by dive-bombefs. artillery and motorized vehicles were in the background. The issues at stake ¦were tremendous — the fate of 7.	, of Britain, of the whole of
Europe was to be decided. But Hitler was evidently gambling everything that be and Germany had in a bid dor a quick-crushing victory. (Hitler had told his troops that he would rather lose 1,000,001 now in & short war than fewer in a w hr dragged out over many months. He bad told them they * ould be “home
by August").
the
good time Ue power and might sets forth to
the liberation and rescue of the
I he ballad
with the deni.ificci with
Americas.
Our prophets declared, at the Beginning of last summer, when the conflict appeared imminent, ibat there was no danger whatsoever for Canada, it being understood that, should a defeat of the allies take place, the United States would defend us; but this large republic would have to look after ite own defence and we know that if we wanted to save ourselves, we would also have to look out for our-aelvef. After what has happened in the Netherlands and hi Belgium, we know that the United States, with its present armaments alone, eannot, by itself, fight to advantage against the combined forces of an all powerful Germany and an aggressive and war like Japan.
FORESIGHT IS NECESSARY
That Is our position. No one can deny tbia disconcerting reality. We not inaccessible, far from it!
To govern is to foresee. If ever there were a time when foresight was tragically necessary, now im that time. We shall need every ounce of our intelligence, our courage and our energy to perform acts essential to the safety of our institutions, our peace, our culture and out liberties.
President
tion s
Roosevelt submitted to Congress e supplementary program boosting defense expenditures to nearly *4,-
Old
Although the commencement of m new battle on the Western Front removed for the time being from British hearts the fear of an imminent invasion by Germany, the people of the Old Land nevertheless ygrSined prepared. If it came, they did not expect the invasion via the Channel ports, but from Dutch knd Belgian ports, from Norwegian
and perhaps from
Eire. Experts expected landing parties to concentrate on the southeast lowlands of England — Kent, the Thames valley, Essex. Suffolk
and Norfolk the Scottish lowlands and in Wales, for the Germans’ piain target would doubtless be the munitions making Midlands.
with the
that
U. S. was shortly to be reached regarding the St. Lawrence seaway (whether the project could be proceeded with during the war had not been decided).	,
an
He ta;d such a course might not work out in Great Britain Canada te a pioneering id entitled to make it dents."
600,000,000.
This latest enlargement of the
hut
nut 17 a il 1 wn prc$co-
new 000 men
military program was necessitated Mr. Roosevelt said, because o.‘ "al
tanks
incredible events” in the past
most
two weeks of Europe's war — particularly as a result of the use .of Aviation and mechanized equipment. The ore most obvious lesson taught by the conflict raging
declared Mr. Roosevelt, “is
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
France
beach-heads
over
seas.
the value of the factor of speed He asked for action v.itho
delay
with diversions in
and got it
V OOo
Parlismcntary Battit e
v o
0
GOG
C o
° V
CANADA: The war-week in Can-featured by the attempted
of the un Prime
OQO
CCO CO O
00
C 0
O Q
ada was
"blitzkrieg” on the par Conservative party to :
Minister Mackenzie King out of office. Fierce political battles were waged on the floor of the House at Ottawa as every verbal weapon permitted by parliamentary procedure used against the King admin-
stration. accused of ‘compineenc)
effort. In the midst of
OO
Invasion Doubted
M
Gambling All
The outcome of this super-bat tie nevertheless was seen last week to depend upon the entry of Italy into the war Were Mussolini to attack from the south. France would be
ground between.,ap upper and lower millstone ; should he strike a in the Mediterranean, the scope of the conflict would be increased to Include possibly the whole world.
BRITAIN: In an epic speech before a hushed House of Commons. Prime Minister Churchill of Great Britain declared that Britain “will fight on, if necessary for years —
to final victory. despite the “colossal” defeat In Flanders in which be said the British suffered 30 000 casualties, rescued 335,000.
m

Hope for the frightened Britons came from a voice in the V. S. Admiral Harry Yarnell. retired, expressed scepticism tha could invade England, mirai Yarnell: “They can bomb points and drop parachu-
if
A


À

Germans Said Ad-
A
V
A
was
various
lists, but you need infantry for an invasion. And infantry can only be transported by surface ships. The British fleet will never permit
axe

in the war
uproar that had dozens of M.P. h ‘ j accusations. Hon. C. G. Power, minister of national defence for air. charged Rodney Adamson West York) across the floor
with "sabotage of Mr. Power at
an

shouting
m ,
è
that

- MEDITERRANEAN: Events ir
the Mediterranean H ¦ fast during the week. The Allied fleet units off Alexandria were further Increased defense measures, closed museums (the mummy of 3.000-year-old King Tutankhamen, snugly wrapped in cotton wool was removed to the basement of the Cairo Museum, to a secret, bombproof tomb) premier of Turkey warned hie people that they might be compelled
to “take up arms Fnt to defend themselves against attack «Turkey, guardian of the
*„
1
ftlM
basin moved
(Con
of the Commons Canada's war effort white heat declared Rt. Hon. Ernest Lapointe, minister of justice.
intern that fifth column

s
tom
w

If necessary alone
Egypt sped new
O
o
should
over there.
Prime Minister King made an of-statement to the House, after
MICKIE SAYS:
“We Will Fight On"
Moving words were his: stall defend our island whatever the cost may be Wt shall fight on
the beaches and grounds, in the fields, in the streets and on the bills. We shall never surrender. And even If, which I do
/
ficia
the atmosphere had calmed (.own. on Canada's part in the strugg e abroad. Steps had been taken, he said, to place Canadian military, naval and air forces at the complete disposal of the British Gov-
We
%
the
x +4t/7 aAr	^ *
%
LEAVIN' HAND BILLS OR. Al/VERTISIUq- SHEETS' AT TOLKSES DOORS IS JEST DISTRIBUTION» KJU7HIM’ ELSE*WMILE CIRCULATION IS VWAT YOU <r1T BY ADVERTlSIkl IKJ THIS NEWSPAPER .
r»*a
the landing
at any mom
the fence, d ya mind if I run ftom ihiril
"If 1 hit the next one over	,	.
to «ecoisd to first base and then home, just to break the	touy
%

By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS -Take Your Choice
I
i
mm*.
1

11

YE*
ï£r
WELL,MR.DUFFY, 80 YOU'RE BACK, EH? DID YOU GET YOUR DAMAGES?
I
yr J
c. • ;
I
CERTAINS1, MR. DUFFY.' IF B«; FIST RILEY RAN WTO YOU YOU ARE ENTITLED TO
CAM ACM AH' YOU
ORTER COLLECT EM. .
MAKE HIM . _
(S3- r t


i

f
S
jm
I
&

l
I
• •

«
J

t
t

0



(

wmâ

Û
mm





f.
Æ

i'll
###PAGE###7###
*»¦»¦»4Usp
m I CHRISr/c
Sf\c"™*
m%Æ. V'S-'+Jm»*«ff.
w
f*E$#
New Millinery
More Extreme

HILLS of DESTINY
Art Vary


Hats
Smartest Large or Very Small
by Agnes Louise Provost
' E)
mriMAUM co mum*
*
m
t

/
s
g


newest
and
The smartest
hats fall into tW *eP-and distinct Categories--




and drew a telephone from ifi de* coruttvtf hiding place.
“V think." she said thoughtfully,
telephone Stanley

c
summer
Z
3/NOPSIS

'~k>-

œm
arate
enormous ‘or tiny.	'
chic woman will have ' a
cartwheel to
)
1» z
Lcf Hoi h’lter, return mg orcter y e> ti*e Circle V r,nch, hi. home from childhood, I» troubled or1 neglect. Freah from a la worried
une*-

%
L
m
\
"that INI better about oui plans. Ho bas been really dleeonsolat» since Virginia left/' Stanley Pridish, since the evening when V irginia had left him flif, h»«l been In a bad humor and dis-
The


with

wear
huge
her day prints and sheers ana a diminutive be-flowered or he-ribboned calot or minute cloche for afternoon and evening. J'» ‘ will search in vain among ner
hats with medium ribbon • hows
m
by •If1» trip » tread. he when he meet* Slinty Gano, a troube ma <er. Slanty had been run of( ,re land previously by Matt Blair Lee"! f ilter father and owner Of th, ran: ,. 3lanty is now manse er ot the old Cebellos place. Joey, nroapictor befriended by Matt, telle . e tou Matt has killed him-
,eif,' t-obaJiy discouraged by hard
"	- to ruin
too,
ne

tinctly sulky
#
BAVKBDHOPPKR
belonging for brim®, medium-size or flowers, medium-length veils.
take her hat shapê*
call
Mrs. Archer's telephone found him at home and in a ?tato of bored restlessness. He Iwtened warily, but presently with a livelier Interest. Why not? K very thing was fearfully stale here,
• Awfully good of you to pmk me. M i>-. Archer. Are you sure Virginia won't think Vm a nuisance trailing . . That's fine; I'll take the train If you don’t mind . . •
] cup butter X eggs 1 lb. raisins % lb. mixed peel 14 cup fine coconut
1	small bottle of cherries
2	teaspoons vanilla
1	teaspoon ,
-meg flavoring *
2	slices candied pineapple
1 tablespoon finely chopped candied ginger
2% teaspoons baking powder X cups sifted flour Cream butter well. Add sugar and corn syrup, then well beaten . Next come* the flour, which
7
Mb
She does not in moderation.
One well-known milliner plae-white marguerites with
T
Woman Chosen Church Leader
At Annual Meeting of Th< First Church of Christ, Scientist, at Boston Mrs. Matters Outlines Influence
r
A

Tha ranch Is going
A
times
under Lawler, manager appomted by Mitt's daughter, Virginia, who with her aunt ahd uncle in — the Archers. Lee goes
tt> ru-
es .frosty	. . -	» ,	. ..
pale, yellow centres along me place of wide brim and <»f a bleqk
L
B
meeting
.shallow crown	i
wheel of linen straw. On anoth-
blue straw, ahe pos-
with un-and
K
is living New York east i turn te
L
i.
almond and nub*
along? .
•am a.
Count on me."
Ne hung up the receiver with i knowing smile. He went downstair* Imiter plugged with life than ho haxl Imen for some day#, to be informed that hi# father was closeted with a caller. Stanley strolled outside.
to him He caught
the word Blair. He moved nearer to the window through which those subdued sound# drifted. He waited.
,nd persuades Virginia th ? rmch td save it
S
E
er, of navy es a -
believably
cluster of roses
realistic leaves the blooms.
chapter VI
A relier entered hi# abruptly tbau
Bv SADIE B. CHAMBERS
buds among
Most exciting i* a
model with fine white
Mi T. K'l so i
wide-brim*
Mrs. Margaret Gleuii Matters. C.S.B. of New York, daughter of the late Major General Edwin F. Glenn, was elected president of the mother church at the annual meeting of The Eirst Church of Christ,
Boston, last week. Mrs. succeeds George
room more habit. The real estate mar
wife'*
£?*1 had receded and left hint high
and dry. J'-V now he wm »»ld to "connected" In some way with paille a Interests, and at this precise moniont was prickling with impleMant apprehension Wt should be Abruptly disconnected.
heard from Virginia
med navy Une covering the brim and end-
pleated heading which the crown. This
The Bride’s Requests
This week's column is written in honor of the brides of this incomparable month. of Jutys. I have had requests from brides themselves, then again from their families,—from those who are responsible for the breakfast or luncheon or whatever it may be. So “Here is to the brides, all of them” and hoping these recipes may meet all of the requirements Of my loyal and interested readers.
ing in a partially covers would be a bonnet for împort-
of course—a gar-
Voices came
eggs
has been sifted with the spices.
mixing all
be
Add the fruit last, very thoroughly. If steamed, cool for two hours, drying in a slow for % hour. Baking
t he
ant occasions, den wedding, a special luncheon
at which you must speak, a hign
Scientist, in
Shaw
Matters
rook. (’ S B., of Brookline, Mass. Edward L. Ripley, of Brookline, and
of Marsh fiel l,
listening.
Milton Bradisli always knew just what he wanted, and w»*nt after It with about as much regard for obstacles a# an army tank. It was his capacity for iutlilessness which had brought Rradish where ho was. In-Mentally It had brought Gideon Morse, the lawyer, where lie waa at this moment, traveling twenty-five hundred miles for a few brief comments which might not prove
altogether discreet on r
“The only obstacle," lie said iu
Ills curiously mild voice, I* this
ra
oven
quires 1 Ms hours in oven. ..	x ,
Cheese and Pineapple Sandwich >»	Filling
tea.
very slow
“Have you
Ezra W. Palmer,
re-elected treasurer aud clerk.
APPEAL FOR FAITH This year's meeting was by the appeal of speakers for calm and more faith in the omni-of God in the face of pre-
y*d, m>* dear
r the telegram saying that
Paris Hair-Dos
Sleek and Smooth
were
••Only
the had arrived safely. Why? Has
anything happened?" ^
“Well, not exactly.”
feat ir-
cup almonds 2 tablespoon# butter
ed
Mr. A relier •‘But 1 ban* just
<
The latent hair-dos of Paris
11 for sleek, clean . and small, smooth, shape-
looked uneasy. fl*en Mr. BradUh. In fact, ho sent
and lie was quite annoyed.
rather bluntly
crushed pine*
Firstly for a very simple wedding breakfast,—
Orange sections .served in or halves (sprinkled with chop-
straw
1 to two cups apple
12 olives finely chopped Vg cup cream cheese Pineapple juice Salt and paprika Blanch the ajmond$ and brown in the butter. Chop finely. Drain crushed pineapple and add to the nuts. Add chopped olives. Work the cream ' cheese into the mixture until a soft paste is formed;
with pineapple juice if . Season with salt and
potence sent world turmoil.
Mrs. Matters held that Christian Science revealed the power of individual man to meet, and overcome the hordes of mesmeric suggestions and subtle influences claiming to induce discouragement and apathy.
The retiring president, Mr. Cook, pointed out that the effort of one individual or nation to dominate others, or to exploit them by means of force, coercion.
coiffcuis L-a
napes u~
ly headlines, but they must be achieved without shingling or shaving. Demi-long hair may
combed on the bias. It is
, its symmetrical-
nape, the meshes
curl or a
for me
He put it up to me a, If Virginia',	weie !liy l>WH
por.

• 4
ange . ... ped mint, topped with
berry ) .
This of course has been previously prepared, orange removed carefully, sections placed in dish and sprinkled lightly with fruit , Chili. When ready to , place fruit in halves of
be
fault."
Hut Î don’t have prevail toil it
how wo could ! Wo have done make Virginia happy
even
man Hollister.
“Get rid of him."
"Not so easy." said Morse mildly. "And dangerous.
‘Tin not suggesting homicide,
retort«*1 his chief brusquely. For
ways of getting rid
than knocking him over
newer to cross ly oh the I being finished with a twist held flat at tlje sides with hippen combs or hairpins. Fore-
must be bare, are long and
everything to here.'
HE'S INFLUENCING HKK
Brad I ah feels-" her bus
sugar, serve
oranges, which have been removed carefully and put away. Sprinkle with chopped mint and top with fresh strawberry.
Air. —
band returned nervously to the subject uppermost 1» his mind— "that young Hollistor is trying'to influence Virginia to keep the ranch.
.Before hki wife’s inquiring eye Mr. Archer ae^iu *1 to feel that fut * tger explanations were necessary.
“Mr Bradisli said that lie had felt'so certain that the place would belong to him in a short time that he had asked the manager to keep him in touch with matters there.
He paused and cleared his throat
It will be very unfor-if this Hollister does any-
head and ears
Waves, if any, _ have a smooth rtiythni like that
of sea rollets, over the bro-7.
Flat curls appear over the can
or temples. A “square coiffure" shows front hair parted in the centre,
aide, and combed being twisted
, dishonesty, or appear temporarily
there are more
of a man the head. Tow about bringing him
moisten
deception, may to succeed, but it could not permanently prosper for the simple that evil had no divine pria
necessary
paprika.
Strawberry and Marshmallow
Whip ,
1 package strawberry flavored jelly powder 1 cup boiling water 1 cup cold water . or preferably strawberry juice 6 marshmallows finely cut Dissolve prepared jelly powder in boiling water. Add cold water fruit juice. Chill; stir occasionally until of honey-like consistency. Place container in cool place and when chilled, whip with beater until fluffy and thick. Fold in cut marshmallows. Pile lightly in sherbet glasses. Garnish with whole berries, when after chilling. Also usa
in?"
Wouldn’t come,’’ said Morse la-He's like a hound pup
reason
clple.
so-called
new
Creamed Tuna Fish—served in
patty shells
Hot potato chips
Parkerhouse rolls
Orange, lemon, grapefruit marmalade
conically
with hi* nose 10 a trail. Probably thinks he ha* a mission to reclaim the Circle V. You see, he and Matt pretty close. You might *ay that he was brought up on the Circle V. Matt picked him up year* ago in some dingy hole and brought him home because he was a likely
sud hadn't any follra of You know Matt always had
the
Greens High In Vitamins
or st one
the end*
back.
into cunning little horns/ recalling the curls on the statuettes of Pan, god of the shepherds.
were
Bride’s Caka Wedding Punch
Them As 3»on As Pos-Or Keep Them in Cold
Ice Cream Coffee
Use
•ible Place
nervously.
• s
or
tunate	„
thing to interfere with the sale.
11**1 Lee Hollister,* «aid
I never
youngster his own.
a lot of pensioner* around. Anybody could go to him with a hard luck story and get a grubstake or
HAND-MADE PYJAMAS Cool For Summer Wear
“l never
Wedding Punch
Archer positively.
the first First
Mrs	.
could understand Matthews action
in bringing a child like that botter than a foundling —
Into his own home. But there’s only one thing to do now, and that la to get. out there and bring Virginia
back if 1 can '
Mi, Archer ti«>«lded a relieved ** sent, secretly envying a power of decision that he had never posses k*1 His wife went over to hen desk
Marly vegetables are food harbingers of spring.
the wild greens, dandelions
and
4 'ft cups sugar
2 cups orange juice 2 cups lemon juice
1	cup grapefruit juice
2	cups pineapple juice
1 pint maraschino cherries
rotary
• no
3303
*
come
end sorrel, also watercress
poke weed and milk-
purslane,
right
a Job."
“OKT SOMETHING ON HIM" Millon Bradish could remember with whom Matt Blair hal
grxe.% i2 -«40,Ze
-

cowslip, or weed
field cress and many others appeal the list of greens in some local
firm
whipped cream as garnish.
I .a mb’s quarter.

v
éh
a man
shared his own grubstake many before. There are some things
.4
B
Ice

on
2 quarts charged water Combine sugar and fruit juices; let stand until sugar dissolved. Add cherries and ice and just
add the effer-Garnisb with
READERS. WRITE IN!
Mis* Chambers welcomes personal letters from interested readers. She is pleased to receive suggestions on topics for her column, mod •* evee ready to listen to your "pet ” Requests tor recipes
or special menus are in Address your letters to Sadie B. Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto.’
year*
of which It is not pleasant to he ra-
llies
%\m
If the greens have roots or any
these off. Wash

minded.
"About this young Hollister. Just
how is it that he turns up now ?”
He and the girt
f.
wilted leaves, cut the greens thiougU several changes of water. Always lift the greens from the water to let the sand fall
1
lit:
before serving vescing water, slices of orange, grapefruit and lemon. A few fresh strawberries added makes it very colorful.
•Hs’ii been away are together a great deal. Rides —
moon light — romantic
And
X
• /
ENJOY ITS 8EMIHI
>> -a
V/-
CA
to the bottom.
When vegetables are served raw salad, use them as soon

scenery
stuff. Good looking Chap, too no fool.
/
vet.
P
'
order.
"Mies
MINI
iu a green M possible. They gradually lose
when held
I
Fruit PunA

who meant to have the Circle V pushed hack Ills chair.
“Break it up." lie said shortly. “lt<M something oh him. There emu always be the other woman.
Principal and agent looked at other steadily. Morse nodded.
r
Pja
—i. &
ÇU l ,
Tlia man

some of their vitamins
¦¦ Keeping them in the
other cold place will
FLAVOR
1 pint water 4 cups white sugar 2 Vi tablespoons tea 1 quart boiling water 1 pint orange jukv 1 pint lemon juice 1 pint grape juice 4 quarts ice water 1 pint fresh crushed pineapple 1 cup thin orange slices 1 cup sliced strawberries Boil water and white sugar for
tea with a
of boiling water. Combine

iu storage refrigerator or cut down this loss.
t
(
Canada amounted to as against February
totalled
Flour production in during February 1,246,798 barrels 1,037,466 barrels in 1939. while exports 559,338 barrels compared with 290,766 barrels.
When greens are ustxl raw. wash quickly and put them in • become crisp. Don’t
C
A

h
them
V
each _	_ __
Outside Stanley moved away from
¦4
¥
cold place, to let them stand in water.
If the greens are „ #
them in a covered saucepan.
thick enough for


\
tVYJvL
the window.
* That old dump must he worth
a lot." he reflected shrewdly.
wonder what’s up?
Whew!" He grinned
to he cooked.
7
a # Kvery day millions find w real enjoyment in the
I b°.°v»rn<of wrI'cIky"!
f SPEARMINT <; V M-blended from fresh i garden mint. r. It’s good for you, t«H>— helps keep teeth bright d attractive. Dentists recommend it.
r «V 1
i

put
».#
If the saucepan is them to cook slowly, use just the that clings to the leaves and low fire under the pan.
The other wo-

“This
mail
is beginning to look like a pleasant little visit."

water
have a very Cook until just tende»
à
5 minutes, lntuse
l

//A
&
*
quart	.
cooled tea and syrup. Add fruit
water and crushed
• To Re Continued)
t


juices, ice pineapple. Garnish with thin oi -ange slices. If this is to be poured over a large block of ice. use less water. This recipe serves 50.
à
il -fl K
Americans Are Growing Taller
The Good Things Of
an

U11
z.
©£l
Life
wa
Z

8
L i / s
/

Light Fruit Cake
This is for the request for a fruit cake, that does not have to be made weeks ahead and for a
light one:—
1 cup fruit sugar !4 cup Bee Hive corn syrup
These are the things 1 prize.
And hold of deepest worth; Light of the sapphire skies, Peace of the silent hills.— Shelter of forest—comfort of the
Architecture
Furniture and Will Require Readjustment
!V


'UlLv'\
X
PeF

Because of It


and architecture must , hoc a use man 1* cording to Arthur
By LOUISE LENNOX
with lux-
Kuril it m e
bo readjusted soon
growing taller, ac p. Little, lue., chemical and industrial research concern, of Gam-
#
R
grass,—
of clouds that swiftly
yourself hand-made pajamas—or
friend’s

Pamper
Shadow

unous
make them for a
They’re inexpensive
" them yourself—and pleasant hand-work for your spare time. The pattern includes two versions . . . one tailored for everyday, the other trimmed with dainty beading and ribbons for overnight visits and vacation trips . . very old-fashioned, feminine. The blouse may bv •ither in or out; the trous-cut wide for comfort as j
\
pa>s;—
And, after showers,
The smell of flowers And of the good brown earth;— And best of all. along the way, Friendship and mirth.
birth*
ft*
when

day.
you sew they’re
DIUC/OV*:
ME A L f
X
bridge, Mass. Statistics on

the height of col— hotli men and wo-
m
%

i
' student
¦jj^-show that Americans are
the rate of omr inch a
whose au
È
rV
1
I
men
growing at
generation. Only persons eestovs hare been in the United
H. Van Dyke.

;





I
k
Simplicity

were exam
States two generations ined.
K
l
%

simple than
very worn c
A?
Nothing is more greatness ; indeed, to be simple
is to be great.	^ "

pi eduction in t anada totalled 28,856,100
pounds compared with age of 26,860,000 pounds in the J ;
preceding five years..

Hon vy in 1939
evs are
well as for chic.	.
Style No. 3303 is designed tor ; sizes 12, 14, 16, 36, 38 and 40. Size 16 requires 4Vs yards of 39-inch material?, 2 yards of law, i yards beading.
Send FIFTEEN CENTS (150,
prefei red » c"
Lennox, Uoo Adclaid
?>
m
Ufiegt dun. quttk. tsi* v<u cook in. xrrlca io toi home anywhen-.
'n	;
,
fm!
--Kmwswi.
There is a majesty m simplic-which is far above the quaintness of wit.
an aver-
18 to 52 years old. Women who are I restless, moody. NERVOUS-who 1 fear hot flashes, dizzy spells-to take I Lydia E. Pinkhsm'a Vegetable Com- I pound. Plnkhanx’s Is famous for I * helping women during these “trying I tunes" due to functional Irregularl- I ties. Get a bottle today from your I druggist 1 WORTH TRYING I	J

•
JL,
SEND NOW FOR THIS

ity

rtolw lew
GREAT RECIFE BOOK
Vuel
¦ itiM a dar. Scierai modelt. Including hot ola'ee See the Cole man Heeler near you or wilte
«
Mu!ta K'.m.of yaur copy ol
**U ^klas Secrets".
O

—Pope.
the
Simplicity of character is ural*result of profound coun-; of the inspired writer.
Mary Baker Eddy, and simplicity
CJumteel&i


ms
11
i
bread?*.
Write i-nt-losItiH t'jiuud i Star»1 It ] a<la Starch Hum <!• We lliii
I ?
>ui
The Coleman Lame an*
Steve Company,. US.
PAT-
nat
ook imH i n p‘ if. a label from any product to the ( an -»• Service.	l»l ,
t no.
fa imm
(Coin ia
TERN, to Louise 421, 73 West i onto. Write plainly V
and Sty 1
Slow Burning
ll
(•272)

r
St
CIGARETTE PAPERS

ate
i:.. i
Goodness
lubly united.
Ml
Na
111
ft l# l
NONl fINfK MA Of
ISSUE NO. 24—’40
I!
N
>u
DOUBLE *“J,o«fiic 5
\<id
— TOKO MO,
— Martineau.
llrpl. w o u;g
I «
B
V
###PAGE###8###

House and Lots For Sale
Martian Life ‘Possible’
-, ..	*? S®le”î1St Eight Room House with electric lights
Studied obséhrations by Dr. Theo- and water ; summer kitchen and large
dore Dunham Jr., Mt. Wilson, Calif., woodshed, 3 stall stable and hen house.
astronomer, lend credence,te one of U Town Lota, No. U4, 1.1ft and 1.16.
Mtronwny» most ir.triguingpossi- jn the Village of Campbell’s Bay. bilitiea—that some form of life ex- 1 lets on the planet Mars.
MOur present knowledge of the planet does not justify claims that Mars is devoid of living creatures,"
Dr. Dunham emphasizes.
The noted astronomer used the presence of Mars’ mysterious white polar caps to substantiate his con-
Cemetery Memorials
Work Supplies for
MEN
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble
Apply to
MRS. ED. GIBSON, Campbell’s Bay, Que
Work Shirts—fawn and blue covert
cloth, sizes 144 to 17
Pant Overalls—blue denim, copper rivets, good quality.....
Work Boots
choose from
Balbriggan Combinations
'	36 to 41...............
Get Our Prices Before Buying Elsewhere
95 cts.
••••ess
M
Solom
Wooleey
A large and distinctive Stock to choose from
After a short illness the death
...	......	...	.occurred at the home of her (laugh*
tention that it is possible some sort ter, Mrs. Carmen Ireland, North
of life could exist on the earth-like Onslow, on Wednesday, June 12,
I Mrs. Solomon Woolsey, widow of
“We are almost certain," he said, [the late Robert Woolsey, in her
"that these white polar caps are BOth year.
composed of ice and snow formed She was the eldest daughter of by water vapor. The ozone tern- the late J. S. and Mrs. Rutledge, perature.on the planet is too high of Onslow.
to permit carbon dioxide to remain , Surviving in addition to her |m „ky .«« ,„r	SfilrÆSShÏÏ:
"Thua despite epectroscopk tvP Woolsey! u^MsIford," Sssk’*'one dence showing little or no oxygen brother, J. J. Rutledge, of Alberta; on Mars today, it is more likely one daughter, Myrtle, of Onslow, that it has existed at some previous and six sons, Robert, Vancouver ; time and has combined with metal- Joe and William, Regina ; Ebert, lie compounds on the planet to form Hulbertand Solomon, of Penzance, oxides. It is unwise to contend that I Bask. There are 44 grandchildren there is not enough life-supporting and 10 great grandchildren, atmosphere to maintain some state The funeral was held Friday of life on Mars."	| afternoon from her late home to
lenïhy^^L SSutSTliB in	I PulpwOOd Wanted
adapted itself to the rigorous coJ | Ireland^Gurvus^^PeixiT' Gendd |	1 prepared to purchase green 0f|C6îl!6t6Py Donations
ditions-which are known to exist on Hilliard and Harold Armitage. * ^led Spruce and Balsam pulpwood,	Acknowledged
the distant planet.	| Among the beautiful floral offer- F.O,B. cars on C. N. dr C. P. railways, •
The variations in size of the polar ings were pieces from the family, or delivered to road side for pick-up caps are attributed to climatic i sons, the United Ladies’Aid and by (rucks Phone or write, changes by the astronomer.	| Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Ireland. |	J. M. ARGUE,
Shawville, Que
$1.35
Phone, 278
Several makes to
planet.
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
$2.95 to $5.00
Sizes
75 cts.
NOTICE
Bicycle » Agency
Work Socks
Information that will lead to the apprehension of certain parties, entering, damaging and removing articles from the vacant dwelling house on Lot pt. 20, on the 4th Range, Township of Clarendon, will be thankfully received and rewarded by the undersigned owner.
ROBERT HARRIS
Shawville, Que.
25 cts.
I wish to announce that I have received the agency for C.O.M. Bicycles and am in a position .to do all kinds of Bicycle repairs, re string tennis racquets, and general repair work, at reasonable prices.
New Bicycles from $32.60 to $38.75.
HERB SFERBERG,
King Street, Shawville, Que,
Renfrew Dry Cleaners call here every Wednesday
and Saturday
Norris R. Homer
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
Bishop of the Dioceses of Montreal Pays First Official Visit to Clarendon District
—	As a result of injuries received
üüS EUE! ### irjSSk
mation was also administered in tal a few hours following the aeei-	m ^arm ^ eat lcr and reforms in Boston, New York, Chicago,
St. Paul’s Church, Shawville, on dent	m col<1,	, Washington or any one of many
Sunday evening. Both services The victim of the accident had “Perhaps when we have the new other cities in thfi country or were largely attended.	been using the land roller in a Hale telescope on Palomar moun- abroad there is one interesting tree
On Monday morning, the Bishop 1 grain field, and when leading the tain placed at our disposal, we will that is continually cropping up in was the preacher at the morning horses through the gateway, the be able to throw more light on 'the most unexpected places. It can servjcein St. Luke s Church, Cald* end of the steel cylinder collided Mars, its canals and the possibility grow between cement blocks; it well. The Bishop was accompanied with u gate-post frightening the of life existing on the planet," he seems to thrive on nothing but
'mm ümm
the parish were given the oppor- l pard was dragged 200 yards over I Race Track 'Electric Eye* fincV This is the tree of heaven, a ---
tunity of meeting with his Lord- ! the rough ground.	Installation of the so-called elec- native of northern China, which I HOUSE FOR SALE-Large well built
ship. Refreshments were served [ Found in a semiconscious con- trie eye to photograph finishes on grows better under city conditions Brick dwelling beside Community Hospl on the rectory grounds by the ! dition by Mrs. Moffett, he was race tracks has produced an inter- hi this country than any other tree, tai and High School. All modern con ladies of St. Paul’s and Holy j carried into the home by neigh- esting picture of the past, when , native or exotic.	Will sell with one lot only or
Trinity Church Guilds.	| bors, and first-aid treatment whs | judging them by eye was rampant, L« was first taken to England by [ for su!tkbie farm proaenv“ Ann!“" u,
«hi.iin.	. j rendered by Dr. C. F. C. Powles, or worse. Statistics show that pre- ! Peter Coilinsin in 1751 and prob- Hknrt S. Dane, Victoria AvcTShaw
Shawville Women a Institute , who immediately made arrange- Lious to the camera business an i ably reached the United States late ville, Que
m.	,	..	., meats for his admission to hospital. Lvpra«e total of ten dead heats ree hi the same century, writes Donald --
read by Mrs. B. C. Horner in the I and no inquest was held Imme- tween 70 and 80 a year. This either propagate, either by seeds or root work. Must be able to milk absence of the secretary, Mrs. A. diate causesjof death were fractur- shows how many dead heats the cuttinp and because of its vigorous , wages Apply to fc a hi. Dods, Maryland Draper.	Ld skull and internal injuries. judges used to miss or that horses growth has made itself at home in l^ue- 1 hone^-«.
Mrs. G. A. McDougal read a letter Born at Otter Lake, Que., he are more evenly matched since the niany out-of-the-way places, and a proposed programme for a I attended district schools and had camera’s introduction.	The tree of heaven is also called
health project to be held in the been engaged in farming since	*	ailanthus.
Agricultural hall, Shawville, on early youth. He was married 10
July 8, 9 and 10, from Dr. Janet, months ago to Miss Mary Fitzger- I Under-Ocean Mountains
sssss-was „„ „ ,h. h b _
*®W«STtÈSBBSfflffl*--.
Wilson and seconded by Mrs. W. The funeral attended by many highest peaks of this submarine ,administration, he has been rc
E. Shaw, that each member of the sympathie friends wa« held on mountain range project above the [appointed every four years. Fen- The Starks Corners Womans Institute give $2 00.	Saturday afternoon from the res:- water, forming, the islands of the ^11 has served under eight Presi- Association met on Thursday
Mrs, Rueben Smith spoke on the deuce of the deceased’s sisters Azores group, as well as St. Paul. dePts~M,cKl!iie,y’ Theodore Boose- afternoon, June Mth, in the hall, care a|id culture of children.	Main Street, Shawville, to St! Ascension and Tristan da Cunha. D^lt, Taft, Wilson Harding Coo- The devotional period was open-
The Roll Call was answered by James’ Anglican Church, Otter	jhdge, Hoover and Franklin D b>. Ringing, Work for the
55 SB" MB» BRH *§*¦
longe, was the organist «t both rtiount ; four daughters, Mrs Geo their first anniversary. But the re- member of the British Columbia Hoggins
8eThe™ W«rn ,i,	Sparling of Murrelln ; Mr< j„m^ quest could not be granted. Room Mountaineering club, described During the evening bingo and
renrf.Rf.1itf<1	81 An,1 r2w\	Yann ; Sirs. John B 238 is now the office of the League how, with a fellow member, he had other games were played, prizes
repweniea, oc. Aoarew s ana Judd and Mrs. Henry Dale, of of Women Voters, an organization been caught in a thunderstorm being won by Mrs R J. Hamilton.
Ottawa Sh»wVille <wZK Shawville. The.e are 32 grand not existing when Mrs. Marette’s while scaling an 8,000-foot peak. Mis. Freddie Coughlin, Mrs. H. lj *	'	children and 7 great grand grandparents were honeymooning, Chatwin said that his partner, who Halstead, Mrs. Gercld Horner, and
/#r	- " * children. -•.*	*•	--- *  I had warts, lost them a week later. Mies Margaret Caldwell,
fWm. Sheppard Dies from Injuries Received in Runaway
The Treasurer of the Cemetery Committee, Dr. D. J. Campbell, acknowledges with thanks the following donations :
Shawville Women’s Institute.. $10 00 Estate of Mrs. George Findlay, donated by 0. A. Howard
Miss Sarah Brown ..............
Mrs. Florence M. Halkvtt .. .
Mrs. Lillian Walters, Cobbles
Kill, N. V................
Wr. S. Hudgins, Dorn re my, Sask.
G. A. Howard, ................
Phone 76
Look Here
10 00 I on
3 00
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost otc'.
2 00 2 00 2 00
2 00
O
WANTED-A Cook
for Clarendon . le Hotel; also a girl for upstairs work. Mrs. Wm. Horsfield, Apply at Clarendon Hotel, Shawville Que

a CM A
TTA
THE St,
For Topmost Tiro Volvo,
See
J. L. Hodgins
Shawville, Que.
Good

b^T-ii
*15»
FOR SALE—1 Underwood Typ in good condition, will be sold ch cash. Apply at Tne Equity Office
ewriter cap for
FOR SALE— No. lô De Laval Cream Separator, power device attachment Geo. Meldrvm. Wjrnan. Phone 1 11,
Record Postmaster Term
James Fennell of Salina, Pa., still
PASTURAGE FOR RENT-125 acres of good pasture, well fenced and lots of water. Apply to T. J. Kearns, Quyon,

5$
'>y

AUCTION SALE
SIX
W,M S. Rally at Bristol
k
'i
i >
, CARD OF THANKS
gaily decorated drawn by little Alex
The Sheppard family desire to express their heartfelt thanks to friends and neighbours for their many acts of kindness and words of sympathy extended them in the sudden death of their brother, Wm. Sheppard. Special thanks to Mrs Lindsay Armstrong,
