###PAGE###1###
$1.50 pen annum In Advance 2.CO to the United States
?
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 7. 1940
No 21., 58th Year
COWLING
BUSINESS
BORN
Smith—At Pontiac Community Hospital, Stmwville, on Sunday, Nov. 3rd, 1940, to Mr. and Mr?. Munson Smith—a son.
NO PAPER NEXT WEEK
Remembrance Day School Holiday
il
Shawville Hardware
COLLEGE
In accordance with the custom of weekly paper» to allow for a brief holiday, The Equity will not he published next week
will remain open for general business, payments on subscription arrears and renewals.
Chairman Hurst Hod gins lias proclaimed that Remembrance Day, Monday, Nov. 11th, be ob served as a Holiday in the Schools of Shaw ville and District.
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern In Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
MARRIED
HARDWARE AND BUILDING SUPPLIES
The office, however,
Hobbs—Arnold
Brock, Sask. — A wedding was solemnized on October 23, at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Arnold, of D’Arcy, Sank., when their daughter, Dorothy Evelyn May, became the bride of Franklin Warren Hobbs, non of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Hobbs, of Brock. The Rev. L, A. Muttett, of Rose town, performed the ceremony.
Miss Eleanor Osborne was the bridesmaid, while Mr. Earl Klviss attended the groom,
After a short honeymoon trip to Saskatoon and other points, Mr. and Mrs, Hobbs will reside on the groom's farm near Brock.
PERSONAL MENTION
Mrs. Chas. Chamberlain, has returned from visiting her daughter Mr?. Elson Barr, at Norand a Que.
W. E. COWLING, President
H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
The Ladies* Guild of Bark man Church will hold then annual Sale of Fancy Goods and Home Cooking at Mr. Andrew Sly’s Store on Saturday afternoon, November 10.
Mr. Malilon Hayes, of Ottawa, visited his parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. J, Hayes for the week end.
Mips Florian Brough, Reg. N., of Ottawa, was a recent guest at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. A G Brough.
Pte’s Billy Shore, Bruce Elliott, Lawrence Young. Fred Way, Douglas McDowell, spent Sunday at their homes in town.
JAMES A. MILLAR
Hand Saws,
Nail Hammers, Aluminum Levels, Ready Roofing Sheeting Papers Wire Screening,
Cement
Nails
Paint
Putty
Glass
Locks
B A. L L L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay
Wednesch
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday at Noon

The Klinside Women's Institute will meet at the home of Mr?. Fred Thomas, jr , on Wednesday afternoon, Nov. 13th, at two o'clock. Program Canada a United Nation. Roll call : - A patriotic quotation. Boxes for overseas will be packed at this meeting.
every
ay morning
Hodgins—McDowtfu
Me=srs George Reid, of Ottawa, — „	,	,,	_
and Ted Reid, of Pamham, Que..	r '	^	’
spent the week end at the home of HARLAND C. ROWAT
tlieir mother, Mr-». B. Reid, in
Rev. A. F. Pokes officiated at the wedding ceremony Monday afternoon, Oct. 28th, when their only daughter, Gladys Mi ye, became the bride Mr. Richard Eason, son of Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Hudgins, of Ottawa.
The bride, given in marriage by her father, wore a dress of heaven blue crepe, with black accessories, and a shoulder knot of Briarcliffe The bridesmaid, Miss Lorn a Wilson, of £hawville, wore a dress of moss green crepe with brown accessories and a shoulder knot of Jolmnna Hill roses.
The groomsman was Mr. Glenn f lodging, of Shawville. Miss Muriel Armstrong presided at the , rgan for the playing of the wedding march and Mr, Norman Reid sang during the signing of the register.
After the ceremony a wedding ^¦¦¦¦^^¦gerved to about
The November meeting of the Shawville Women’s Institute will meet at the home ot Mrs. James Gordon, on Monday evening. Nov.
Miss Dahms will be in charge of the program Boll vail—“One Country I would like to see, and why-’* Assisting hostess will be Mrs It. A. Hudgins.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office—In the G. F. Hodgins Building Main Street, Shaw ville. Que.
town.
Musician Chas. Hines, of the Grenadier Guards' Band, (active service section)Camp Borden visit ed at the home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Wesley Hines, for the week end.
11th. at 7.30 o’clock
Est. C. J. Caldwell
rose*
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
Mrs. John McGuire, Mrs. E. Telford, of Ottawa, and the former's son. Mr. James McGuire, of Montreal, were Sunday guests at the home of Mr and Mrs. John Caldwell, at Caldwell, Que.
Mrs L. B. Caldwell, is in Montreal this week with her daughter. Miss Dorothy Caldwell, student of Macdonald College, who underwent an at the R
Annual Red Cross Meeting1
Advocate Barrister, Solicitor, etc,
Office : Campbell's Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)
The general annual meeting of the Shawville and District Group of the Canadian Bed Crons Society is to be held at the Theatre Hall, Friday afternoon 2.30 o'clock. The speaker will be Col. VV. F. Hadley, of Hull, Que. Following the address the election of officers for 1941 will he held. Reports from various committees will begiven i
LADIES’ SHOES
DONAT Le GUERRIER
Nov. 15th at
B.A., L.L.B
operation for appendicitis lyalVictoiin Hospital
Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
supper was
guests at the home of the bride's Relatives in this district recieved parents, and in the evening a word on Friday of the death of largely attended reception was Mrs. W. B, Sturgeon, at Noyan. held in the Iheatie Hall, Shaw- Q„e Mr. John A. Stmgeon, of
vihf.	, , ,	,	,	, rx , Zion section, left Saturday to
Ihe couple left for Levack Ont îlttend the funeral on Sunday, on Tuesday night, where they
will reside.
!
Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with bylcorrespondence
A SPECIAL SALE of LADIES’ SHOES
#
Hospital Meeting-
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER 196 MAIN STREET ' PHONE, 2-2219 HULL, QUEBEC
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell’ Bay every Tuesday at Noon.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday Evening.
A sewing and work meeting in
the Interest# of the Routine Community Hospital will he held Tuesday afternoon, Nov. 12,at the Hos pital.
All ladies interested in this worthy endeavour are strongly urged to attend this meeting.
A special shipment of shoes which have arrived from six to eight weeks late and we are putting them out at a price—A very low price.
Plenty of growing girls’ and good school oxfords — a good time to stock up with two or three pairs and SAVE MONEY.
Pontiac Teachers' Meet At JPunraven, Calumet Island
Carnegie—Drummond
lna pretty wedding ceremony solemnized at the United Church Parsonage on Saturday afternoon, Nov. 2nd, Marjorie Agnes Drummond, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Malcolm Drummond, of Zion sec» tion, Clarendon, became the bride of Mr. James Leonard Carnegie, of Pembroke, son of the late Sir. and Mrs, Archibald Carnegie. Rev. A F. Pokes officiated.
Pontiac Teachers Association held a meeting in the Dunraven School on Saturday, November. 2nd.	_
There was an attendance of 40 members.
The meeting opened at 2 00 p m with the president. Miss Helen Bronson, in the chair. The busi ness session consisted of the reading of the minutes of the previous | meeting and a report of the Pro viucial Association of Protestant|
Teachers’ Convention held at Montreal in October. This was given by Mr. C. S. Douglas A committee for the selection of books for the McGill Travelling Librairies was tumid
ed to select a committee to write tests on the Literature books in the elementary grades and to have these duplicated and distributed to the rural teachers. The printing and distributing of songs for children was also suggested.
An address was given by Mr.
Woodley, Special Offices, Dept, of Education, Quebec. In Ins address he discussed the New Mem manda and some of the aspects of Teaching with regard to the atti tude of the teachers towards the pupil in olden times as compared with present times.
The invitation of Mr. Baugh, to	_	-- n
| H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
The meeting
social hour, tea being served by the Dunraven C.G.I.T. under the leadership of Miss Eunice Whelen This was followed by the singing of the National Anthem.
Annual Meeting of Clarendon Dairy Company
D. J. CAMBPELL
The annual meeting of Claren*
was held in s Comei s on
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
The bride wore a street-length dress of soldier blue ciepe with a small turban hat with veil and a shoulder knot of American Beauty rôses.
The bridesmaid, Miss Bessie Drummond, of Ottawa, a sister of the bride, wore a dress of Indian earth crepe with felt hat and other accessories to match and a shoulder knot of Talisman roses.
The groomsman was Mr. John Carnegie, of Pembroke.
Following the ceremony a wed ding supper was served to about 00 guests at the home of the brides parents after which the couple left for a trip to Timmins and other parts of Northern Ontario. They will up residence in Pembroke,
Among the out-of town guests were, Mr. and Mrs. T. E. Black, Mrs A. Knox, Mr. and Mrs. Thus. Manary, Mr and Mrs. W. Hanlon and Mr It Draper, of Ottawa Mr. and Mrs. John Carnegie, Mrs. G. Wisenberg, Mrs. M Carnegie. Messrs. Archie and Fred Carnegie, of Pembroke; Mis. Gordon Schultz, XVestiuenth and Mr. and Mrs. P. Btidarick, ol Palmer’s Rapids.
don Dairy Company the factory at Stark Thursday evening.
Over 00 tons of cheese and 2,000 pounds of whey butter were mam ufactured in 1010 according to reports given and higher prices prevailed than at any other place in
There
were 43 patrons during the past year.
Officers for 1011 are President, L. A Smart, re-elected aident. D Armstrong; directors. Lenni- Barr, Fred Smart, Vertel Smiley, William Corrigan, Cecil Elliott and Harvey Wilson.
Phone 3 I
I
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building
Drummond Street. MONTREAL, QUE.
PLATEAU 63 8 8
the Province of Quebec
It was also decid
Black Brogues Brown Brogues Black TiejOxfords
With Shawl Tongues
Snappy Suede Combinations
All good numbers
One price $1.95 per pair
vice pre
0%. WALLACE J. W. HOGGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.1
Prizes Presented to Winners of Farm and Home Seautifi cation At Banquet at Pine Lodge
3 EL Al R 3 257
As a finale to the Farm ami Home Improvement Endeavor, sponsored by the Women's Institutes of Pontiac County, ami the Farmeis* Magazine, Toronto, a banquet was held at Pine Lodge, Biistol. with about fifty in attendance. Tne county president, Mrs. W. J. Murray, presided.
Seated with Mrs Murray, at the head table were, Mr. W. R. McDonald. M.P., and Mrs. McDonald, Mr. C. H. Hodge, Editor Farmers' Magazine	JJHHpl
Mayor of Bristol, and Mrs. Me-Leilan, Mr. N. Drummond. B.S.A , and Mrs. Drummond.
The toast to the King was responded to with the singing of the National Anthem MacKechnie proposed the toast to the Women's Institutes and Miss Abide Pritchard responded ; the toast to Our Countsy was given by Mr. McLellan with Mr. McDonald replying ; the toast to Farm and Home Improvement proposed by Mr. Drummond was replied to by Mr. Hodge, whose address was illustrated with colored views.
Prizes of money and commercial articles weie presented to tlm following : W. H. Corrigan & Son, Roy Elliott, Claude Elliott. Harry Hod g ins, Geo. Meldrnm, Lawson Corrigan, W. J. Murray, S. W. MacKechnie, Mrs. W D. Campbell, Win, Graham, J N. McCredie and D. Armstrong. In addition, three will be given gate signs by the Farmers’ Magazine. .
A vote of thanks to the speakers was moved by Mr. R W. Hudgins, and the programme closed with God Save the King.

Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
IL DiN ®
MEDIC
ONT
OTTAWA
Former Resident of Beech Grove Dies at Victoria. B. C.
Word has been received oi the death of James Burden, resident of Victoria, B. C., and formerly of Beech Grove. Que , who died oil Sunday, Oct. 20, at St. Joseph's Hospital, Victoria, after a short illness.
Mr. Burden had been manager oi the Victoria grain elevator since its erection 11 years ago. Before going to Victoria he had been in the grain business in Port Arthur. Vancouver, and South Africa, He was a past master of Port Arthur lodge, A. F. and A. M. and was a member of the Uplands Golf Club, Victoria.
Surviving in addition So his widow area daughter, Mrs. C W. Iving, a sou. Kenneth J.. and two grandchildren, all of Victoria ; seven brothers, Fred, of Saskatchewan, Tom and Gordon of Ontario, and George, Percy. Wesley and John of Beech Grove, Que, txvo sisters, Mrs. D. F. Far is. of Breckon ridge, and Mrs. Fred Fra of Beech Grove.
The funeral was held from Hayward's funeral Chapel with Rev. O. L JiilU officiating Interment was in Royal Oak cemetery.
PHO E, 2-7961
United Y.P. U to Present Renowned Elocutionist
Mr. J. N. McLellan
BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
The Y. P. U, of the United	¦
«h. SSïïi 14M 8m.o. Aw., ter. Cladston.,
ed elocutionist and interpretive reader, Herbert W. Piercy, in a series of programs to be given in Wilson’s Hall on Tuesday. Wed
nesday, Thursday and Frida y I speciaiistson all Vissai and Muscular Eye Defect evenings, November 19th to 22od.	.	...	* ,« • y „
Each evening will be a full pro f, T, BôattlO* KathlÔOn M. KollinS,
gram of a humorous and serious g 0 tom§tr|ft Reg. optometrist character, and will include such '
Goodbye Mr , “Jean Va I Keeping up
¦¦¦iS
OTTAWA. ONTARIO
Mr. S. VV
See our Show Windows
i
SCIENTIFIC ETE EXAMINATIONS
-f
stories as Billon ?
Chips” ; Victor Hugo’s Jean” ; Bachellor’s “ with Lizzie” ; P ShortStop” Herrick, “ The Master of the Inn” and numbers from O Henry, Van Dyke and others This i„ going to be one of the most enjoyable series that Shawvilh has had and is being presented during these 5 weeks by chtirche-in Ottawa and other Urge centres.
That the series may be a valla bh to all, the prices for a course ticket has been fixed far adults at 50 cents, and special rates for the young people in the schools. Fur tber information later
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
Zane Grey,
REPRESENTING CQMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
- Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
Quebec
Shawville
ser
SHAWVILLE - QUE.

###PAGE###2###
covers a waterfront beat, has fished the same man out of the Patapsco river three times. The last time Parke charged the habitual faller-in with-vagrancy.
Rescuer Is Bored Saving Same Man
“Suffer Little Children . .
Form Notes ..
SUNDAY
SCHOOL
LESSON
M*
¦68
Need for Lime On Many Soils
K ¥

Patrolman George Parker of Baltimore does playing a role in a rescue act, but hé* would like a change in the cast once in a while. In little more than a month, Parke, who


not object to
Beween 1380 and 1900, the Crown of Norway was Joined first with that of Denmark and then with Sweden.

(By 0. R. Snyder, Soil Chemist) Profitable production of milk, the derivatives of which form Canada’s most favored war time agricultural exports, depends very largely on an abundance of high quality homegrown protein feed, such as Is produced by good crops of clover and alfalfa.
LESSON V
JESUS DECLARES HIS MISSION
Luke 4, 5
PRINTED TEXT, Luke 4: 16-30.
GOLDEN TEXT —For the Son of men came to seek and to save that which was lost.—Luke 19: 10. THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—The temptation of our Lord occurred probably in February A D. 27. All the subsequent events recorded in chapters 6 and 6 occurred In the summer or fall of A.D. 28. The temptation occurred In the wilderness, not far from the barren faille rising from the Jordan River; practically all the other events of these two chapters occurred either generally In Galilee, or In the two cities of Nazareth and Capernaum, both located in Galilee, Capernaum being at the north end of the Sea of Galilee.
The temptation of our Lord is also recorded in Matt. 4: 1-11 and Mark 1: 12, 18. Though other temptations must previously have been experienced by Christ, at this time Satan made one supreme attempt to bring Christ under his control, on the very threshold of hi# great public ministry. The temptation followed a great spiritual experience, a time of precious fellowship with God: It Is after such exalted experiences as these that temptation often come# In Its greatest power. Temptation In Itself is not sinful; yielding Is sinful. The temptations we three, and we can see that they are typical of every human temptation: to yield to the flesh, to compromise with evil, and to avoid the hard work assigned to us to achieve God's purposes through us. Over each of these temptations Christ triumphed.
Jesus* Early Ministry Luke 4: 16. And he came to Nazareth, where he had been brought up: and he entered, as his custom was, into the synagogue on the sabbath day, and stood up to read.
17. And there was delivered unto him the book of the prophet Isaiah. And he opened the book, and found the place where it was writ-
;


t
¦
e
1 This Curious World

By William Ferguson


Apply Fine Limestone
Tests indicate that the soil of fields where these crops thrive best Is high in lime; likewise, that many failures of these crops ar#' due to strongly -acid soli conditions, re suiting from a deficiency of this mineral substance. Crops take considerable lime from the soil, but very heavy losses are due also to run-off and leaching during seasons of heavy rainfall.
After-Harvest Fertilizing
Finely ground limestone is the most economical liming material for general application on the farm.
Now, after the crops have been harvested, and before or during after-harvest cultivation is the moat suitable time to apply limestone. Thoroughly mixed with the soil, It acts more rapidly than It does If left on the surface. Generally, sufficient limestone should be added to bring the soil reaction up to pH 6.5. Potatoes, however, may scab badly when the soli is eo dose to neutral. A pH of 5.8 or lower is better for this crop, and the limestone, if used, should be very finely ground. On permanent pasture lands, it seldom pays to lime soils which have a reaction of over pH 6.0. The approximate amount required per acre can be determined quickly by a soil test.
TOTEM POLE.
A
9
A NEW TYPE, RTŒNTLY D/5QDVERED
IM LOVXÆR. GALIFDRNIA.
RESEMBLES A POORLY- CARVED


i


y»


Z

/



4
î
1
1
I
:
ONTKEMOON,
WATELR-
WOUUD BOIL. IN
FULL. SUNUGHT.


fl
/T-


I»» BV NIA BIBVICt, INC.
a?	.
/
9
I


This is a nightly scene in the deep underground crypt of a London church as babies and small children are tucked away each evening to keep them safe from bombs. A shelter attendant is tucking these little ones away for the night
£

\

¦ i
<?


y*



^ ••• »
ing as interruptions of his preaching mission, but rather an essential part of it.

and led him unto the brow of the hill whereon their city was built, that they might throw him down headlong. 30. But he passing through the midst of them went his way. By these illustrations from the Old Testament Jesus declared to the congregation that the benefits and blessings of the divine
kingdom were come in answer to faith, and not in answer to racial relationship. Then they were filled with wrath, and excluded him from the city. They took him to the brow of the hill to cast him headlong. Hostility thus broke out there at the beginning; but hostility has absolutely no power, and he, passing through the midst of them, went his way.
Luke Is fond of recording the eagerness of the people to come to Christ (6: 1, 19; 6: 19; 8: 19, 40; 12: 1; 21: 38). And there is no evidence that our Lord ever regarded his works of mercy and heal-


HOME MADE
BREAD
AGES MORE IN F OV£ Dk4Vz THAN WHOLESALERS BREAD

Jyidrl ¦ -.
M
Far North Produces Gasoline for Flying
Ronald W. MacKinnon of the Northwest Company, Limited, said in a recent interview at Edmonton, that production of 87 octane gasoline at Fort Norman, N.W.T., oil wells, 1,270 miles north of Edmonton, is a complete success.
The company, a subsidiary of Imperial Oil, Limited, installed a refinery plant last fall and went into production this summer, MacKinnon said. The gasoline sells at Fort Norman cheaper than aviation fuel shipped from Vancouver. Previously heavy diesel and motor gasoline were the only products of the subArctic refinery.
o*

i
0
Light-Honey Crop
HOMEMADE bread makes up only 10 per cent of the total consumed in the United States today. Fifteen years ago, 40 per cent was baked at home. Dextrine, plus properly balanced ingredient*, keeps the wholesaler’s bread soft and fresh
NEXT: How long does it take a cow to eat enoogh grass and re# grind It suitably for assimilation to produce one quart of milk?
A preliminary estimate places the probable production of light-honey in Canada for 1940 at 20 per cent lower than the crop of 1939. Decreases in production are evident in four of the main producing provinces, Quebec, Ontario, and Alberta. In Saskatchewan, the average production per hive was lower than in 1939 but this was offset by an increase in the number of producing colonies, with the result that the total crop is likely to be slightly higher than in the previous year. The British Columbia crop is expected to be about 18 per cent larger than in 1939. Similarly* in the Maritime Provinces, production is reported to be higher than in 1939, particularly in New Brunswick and Prince Edward Island where the crop is practically double that of 1939.
18.	The Spirit of the Lord is upon me. Because he anointed me to preach good tidings to the poor: He hath sent me to proclaim release to the captives, And recovering of eight to the blind, To set at liberty them that are bruised,
19.	To proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord.
The entire passage here is to be understood Messianically, that Is, •s a prophecy that referred directly and explicitly to the Redeemer of Israel who was to come. It declares five great tasks which the . Messiah was to accomplish when he came, none of which could fully take place until he came, and all of them revealing his wonderful love for me, who needed him, and •till need him, so profoundly.
20.	And he closed the book, and save It back to the attendant, and eat down: and the eyee of all In the synagogue were fastened on him. 21. And he began to say unto them, To-day hath this scripture been fulfilled In your ears.
The momentous scene was tar " above what any in Nazareth realized. The Word himself had read the word to them. The Messiah, with the Spirit upon him, was present In their midst and doing all that Isaiah In "this •clripture*' foretold of him.
¦
I

WELL-KNOWN AUTHOR
Answer to Previous Puzzle
21-Elec trifled particle.
23 To espouse.
25 Soft-spoken,
27	Turkish officer.
28	Not bright
30	Monkey.
31	To soften leather.
35 Aurora.
HORIZONTAL
1,9 Author of "The Three Musketeers.”
12	Idant.
13	Piazza.
14	Negative prefix.
15	Flight of a golf ball.
16	Hops kiln.
17	Citizen’s dress
19	Rodent.
20	Pincers.
22	Marsh.
23	Since.
24	Type standard.
26 To enrage.
29 Rental contract.
32	Money changing.
33	Armadillo.
34	Driven in.
37	Oleoresin.
38	Pedal digit.
39	Railway (abbr.).
40	Roosted.
«¦[•jiîietiNmii&eiajiiiw
4MHÏÏ! ti 4M titiMMliai*
Dll::! M4 15) OO WJII

(I BIIII6I sail 4WM il
lirMwno piii bio
tillMti tilflll'ej
n itiwm iitiàv
RADIO DEPORTER
lira
1611 ss
IIM6! t
I Mi
By DAVE ROBBINS
(All Canadian Stations oper* ate on daylight saving time) "CAPTAINS OF INDUSTRY” The dynamic story of our greet Industries Is the thrilling theme of • new radio series titled "Captains of Industry" that la heard from CKOC each Monday evening at seven (Daylight Time). The story of steel, the building of a steamship line, railway pioneers, the development of the electric light. Inventions that brought ue all the modem comforts that a home has today
up an Interesting tale of pioneers of the manufacturing and Industrial world.
"Captains of Industry" brings to radio listeners the lives of men they have heard of, but never knew. You will enjoy this series by tuning in 1129 on the dial at seven Monday nights.
and her Escorts are on the air Monday and Wednesday nights at 12.16 (Standard). This program Is offered by a unique five-member orchestra now playing in the Hotel Stabler. Wanda, the sparkling girl leader, presents an unusual musical combination In the accordlan, piano, violin, bass, and guitar. They are worth a listen.
LION
36	To leave.
37	Epoch.
41 Pertaining to
6
F Salads Make for Healthy Foods

U'S
air.
43 Palette knife. 4 To retaliate. 48 Poem.
50 Golf devices.
52	Imbecile.
53	Amidst.
54	Hearsay.
56 Birds of prey. 9 Girl.
58	He wrote novels.
59	He was by birth.
42 To abound.
44	Person opposed.
45	Seventh note in scale.
46	Rubber tree, 10 Fur cover for 47 Book part
48 Prognostic*»
5	Compass point.
6	To let fall.
7	Coarse file.
8	Grafted.
$ #
At ten daylight time on Wednesday night you can tune in Fred Allen, Kenny Baker, Portland Hoffs and the Mighty Allen Art Players when this troupe of top notch comics takes the air. Fred and his gang are as funny as ever.
You can catch them In this part of Ontario from MJR.
hands.
11 Poker stake. tion.
15 He was fiction 49 Fiat plate, writer and 51 Health spring,
53 Malt drink.
55 Upon.
his ability. 57 Grain (abbr.)
all of these go to make
VERTICAL
2	Italian coin. 18 His son
3	To redact.



j
In The Synoguge
A word her# might be said about the book Jesus read from. The law was written on a parchment between two rollers, and was always left unrolled at the column for the day’s lesson; but the books of the prophets were on single rollers, and the right place had to be found by the reader. Our Lord, turning to Isa. 61: 1, 2, must have read the passage In Hebrew; and then either by himself or by an interpreter it must have been translated to the congregation in Aramaic or Greek, since Hebrew at that time was a dead and learned language.
Prophet In Hie Own Country 12. And all bare him witness, and wondered at the words of grace which proceeded out of his mouth: and they said, Is not this Joseph’s son?
23.	And he said unto them. Doubb lee# ye will say unto me this parable, Physician, heal thyself: whatsoever we have heard done at Capernaum, do also here in thine own country.
24.	And he said, Verily 1 say unto you, No prophet is acceptable in
hie own
26. But of a truth I say unto you. There were many widows In Israel In the days of Elijah, when the heaven was shut up three years aad six months, when there came a great famlnlne over all the land;
26 And unto none of them was Elijah sent, but only to Zarephath,
In the land of Bidon, unto a woman that was a widow. 27. And there were many lepers In Israel la the time of Elisha the prophet: and none of them was cleansed, but only Naaman the Syrian. 28. And they were all filled with wrath la the synagogue, as they heard these things; 26. And they rose up, aad oust him forth out of the city,
5
Ô
* $
I
Trivia: Latest dance craze Is the
a creation

Plymouth Rock dreamed up by Horace Heidt . . . Will Osborne’s band Is now in Minneapolis . . Carmen Lomhurdo has Just written a tune that shoulld be a hit, titled Silver Threads and Golden Dreams . . . Fred Utal, favorite of the Big Sister cast, has Just taken unto himself a wife.
t

AROUND THE DIAL
If you like to hear hair-raising thrillers on the Ur, you can’t do better than to dial In CFRB on Tuesday nights at 8.30 (daylight time), when The Shadow will scare you out of your comfortable armchair. This character has been on the air for seven years — and le still good!
20
I
m

I
m
% if
2
¦a!
I



1
M

P-
$
I
2

"THE TOWN CRIER"
The small towns of Ontario are going on the air over CKOC, Hamilton, every Friday night at 7.30 p.m. Standard Time (8.30 Daylight) . . . Each week a different community in the province is featured, a brief outline of its history given together with a review of recent events taken from the local newspaper presented before the mike . . . This Friday night, tune In on Jarvis.
!
J
t
%
see
Don't forget on Friday night the new CBC drama series — Canadian Theatre of the Air — heard from CBL and CBO every Friday evening at 10.30. These programs are worthwhile entertainment, done
by capable casts.
• e e
A new feature for the dancers Is heard over WHEN when Wanda
.y

m
1
B
41
3
46
8
It’s salad for lunch for Judy Car» land when she finds time to relax at home after competing her role in “Strike Up the Band,” in which •he co-stars with Mickey Rooney. The young star lunches in the gar-dan of her home between games of badminton and dips in the pool.
50
52
I
I
54
One Way of Silencing a Radio
POP
By J. MILLAR WATT
E?m W&Y8U „LENO
PLEASE ?
untry.

V0&
• WANT TO WEAR TUG
/ LATEST news V
no!
.-v
WANT TO , OErT TO SLCGP? V
* .
;

rrr*
1
&r
V!
r
el
I

XX
I
«
t
a


%
/

c
J

f;
••

A
\
e e
lt-w
»#
?Th.!.*»! 1 Ttf


Mictu. lari
###PAGE###3###

Canada Grows More Potatoes
WIN MEDALS AND FREE TRIP
HEALTH
TOPICS
r"K

m
mm
\
&
Slight Increase In Crop This Year—Sugar Beet Production Up 33 Per Cent
m
%

Vegetables Are • Very Important
Do yon eat enough vegetables? Valuable as they are in minerals and vitamins, vegetables must be Included in the things we eat. So
states an	f
issue of the magazine “Health/ prepared by the nutrition committee of the Health League of Can-
*
'
VT
YOU CUT
i
wm
/
Zvja
HK
In its first estimate of production of late crops the Dominion Bureau of Statistics estimated 1940 potato production *t 40,-
859,000	hundredweight, an increase of 12 per cent or 4,469,000 hundredweight over the 1939 yield.

%


%


1



article in the current




m

i
ÉÉÜ
#

h




Xy.
nda
>:

Not all vegetables are equally valuable from a nutritive point of view, the article points out. Some vegetables supply iron, others do not. We get Vitamin A from one kind of vegetable and vitamin C from another.
Cabbage, spinach and carrots are good sources of vitamin A, which is necessary to maintain normal vision and to prevent disease. Green cabbage Is much richer in vitamin A than white cabbage. The outer leaves of cabbage are more valuable Vhan the inner heart.
Serve Two Per Day
Without vegetables and fruit, people would be deprived of the Important vitamin C, which safeguards us against scurvy. Tomatoes, cabbage, turnips and potatoes are chief sources of this vitamin. Orange Juice and tomato Juice also
are good.
Cabbage and green leaved vegetables are valuable in their iron, content, needed to prevent anaemia. Dried beans are also good iron pro-At least two vegetables
f
&
Commercial sugar beet production is estimated at 807,000 ton*, an increase of 33 per cent, over last year’s 605,000 tons increase, according to the Bureau of Statistics, is due largely to introduction of commercial sugar beet production in the Fort Garry area of Manitoba.
Production of turnips, mangolds is estimated at 37,346.000
hundredweight, compared with
37.636.000	hundredweight in 1939 while fodder corn is estimated at 3,836,000 tons against
4.514.000	tons in 1939.
-

•I ifi
#

* •

aJM
The
fanllamJde Is mixed with ordinary salt in solution, and applied either in packs directly on a wound, or by irrigation.

t
What Science j
Is.Hoinn

Wayne Long, 13, of Herrin, ill, crossed the street to borrow an egg from a neighbor. Then he started home, but ran Into the side of a moving automobile and knocked down. The car ran leg, breaking his ankle.
HAROLD PICKET
JOHN LISTER
An outstanding feature at the International Plowing Match, held at St Thomas this year, was the event sponsored by Salada Tea Company.
The big "Salada" Special class, open to all plowmen who had qualified at branch matches and to all winners of first prizes in the open Jointer classes at International Matches from and including 1927, brought together the top rank plowmen of the Province and attracted wide attention. The first and second prizes are gold and silver medals and an extensive trip to include areas of agricultural interest. Twelve cash prizes ranging from >25.00 to $5.00 were also awarded for this event. Top honours went to John Lister and Harold Picket, both from Hornby, Ontario.

HOLDS KEY TO GROWTH
Evidence th-wt there to a specific substance which controls the growth of human and animal bodies is reported from the University of California's Institute of Experimental Biology.
It was found In the pituitary gland, a potent little organ at the base of the brain, which secrete# hormones that affect other glands.
was
over one The egg in his pocket wasn't even
cracked.	»
Artillery Commander Third Division
New General Freight Mgr.
I
killing yourself by
You’re
degrees.”
How Con I?
MILE-A-MINUTE GERMS The germs and viruses of the common cold, influenza, infantile paralysis and other disease travel at mile-a-minute speed from person to another.
In a report before the American Public Health Association, three scientists of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology demonstrated in pictures that the droplet# of a sneeze or a cough speed through the air at the rate of more than a mile per minute and have a range of SO feet or more.
e
#

docers
should be served every day.
Among the necessary body materials are: proteins, certain min-•rail and vitamins. Proteins ma> be obtained from many sources, but not all are of equal value as body building material. Those obtained from meat and vegetables e superior to those we get from grain, vegetables and nuts, for example. Meat and fish, therefore, are advisable in our regular diet.
The average man 70 grams of proteins a day. Experts agree that a large portion of these should be drawn from milk, cheese, aggs and meat or fish. The following table shows the quantity derivable from each:
1 glasses of milk 1 one-lnoh cube of cheese * grams

heard
m

A woman’s voice from the steps of a crowded car: ««Oh get in, deart someone will give* you a seat.” The next moment two young women entered.
The men in the car ré ad papers sternly. Those who had none pretended to be asleep. The too-cer-tain woman glared in vain The car went on for half a mile, then a man got off.
"There’s a seat for one,” said the conductor.
“Don’t take it, dear,” said one
“some man will
was
BY ANNE ASHLEY

!

%


Q. How can I make a good
mending cement?
A. Mix 1 quart of wood aah-H cup table salt, and #n-ough water to give proper consistency
at first will afterwards turn almost white.
Q. How can I whiten the face and hands, and keep the skin
soft and smooth?
A. One method is to wash the face and hands ones a day with pure white soap and warm water, then wash again in warm (not hot) buttermilk, or sour milk. Wipe lightly with a soft cloth. Q. How can I clean grease
from stone steps?
A. Pour on a strong solution of washing soda In boiling water. Then cover the stain thickly with a paste of fuller’s earth and hot hot water, and allow to remain
overnight
Q. How can I remedy rancid
butter?
A. Soak the rancid butter for two hours in cold water, to which a large pinch of carbonate of soda ha* been added. Work the butter thoroughly, and then form into the desired roll.
Q. How can I prevent silk thread from slipping in the needle while sewing?
A. This slipping can be prevented, if after threading the needle as usual, one end of the thread is brought through the eye of the needle a second time.
iHi
»
a#
m
es,
4


a
fv
%
The dark appearance
y
'

&


needs about

i
NEW TREATMENT FOR WOUNDS
A new use for sulfanilamide, as antiseptic for wounds and Infections, is reported in the proceedings of the Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minn.
To make an antiseptic, the sul-
young woman,
want it.”
In the moment of defeat see
triumphed.
The Canadian National Railways' Vice-president in charge of traffic has announced the appointment of George R. Fairhead, above, as the new General Freight Traffic Manager, Montreal, succeeding the late R. J. Foreman.
t
Brigadier H. O. Brownfield will eommand the artillery of the Third Division which is currently slated for the defence of Canada's east coast.
un
18 grama
#
e
A email boy, eittrag meat haughty lady la a
1 normal slice beef ... 8 giame
to a very •treat car, kept sniffing. “Boy, haven't you m handkerchief?” she asked severely.
The bey regarded her silently for n moment and plied: “Yes, 1 have, but I don’t lend it to strangers."
38 grams
Total
The other 32 grams will be obtained from others of our daisy foods.
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS
e e i
S 6 6
Repeat If necessary
He Confounded the Experts
r-porr /uâttttn	r ]
MEN WANTED
USED TIRES FOR SALE
AGENTS WANTED
F AM ILEX KEEPS 900 DEALERS AT WORK! Our assortment of over 200 daily necessities, needed in every home, sells to relatives and established clientele. With or without experience you can succeed if you arc honest and a willing worker. Every sale of $1.00 brings you profit—who can't sell for at least $2.00 an hour? This means that you earn about 90c per hour! WITHOUT OBLIGATION write at once to F AMI LEX PRODUCTS. 670 St. Clement Street. Montreal.
GOOD USED TIRES. ALL SIZES. Lowest prices. Inquiries Invited. Brockton Tire. 1611 Dundaa West. Toronto.	___________
NEW WORLD ILLUSTRATED — Canada’s newest pictorial magasine has an opening in your town for a part time representative, le or female. No experience necessary. Just mail a P^sJ-card listing a reference and full particulars will follow by return mail Address to G. Dunne, Suite 611 Sterling Towers, Toronto.
!
Modern
Etiquette
HAIR GOODS

II
1
TOUPES, TRANSFORMA-Switches. Curls, and all
WIGS.
tions.BT	.	„
types of finest quality Hair Goods. Write for illustrated catalogue. Confidential, terms arranged. Toronto Human Hair Supply Co., 628 Bathurst Street, Toronto.
.1

i

AGENTS SELL A PATENTED necktie, direct to the customers. Write Station K Box 23, Toronto.
ATTENTION BOYS AND GIRLS
BY ROBERTA LEE
m
HORSES FOR SALE
1.	Can a friendly letter be too
PERSONAL
BLACK PERCHERON, BAY Clydesdale geldings, 3 and 4 year»; bay Clydesdale mare, 3 years, all
Burnett, n.R.
"iSÆM
Hamilton, Ont._____;_________
long?
2.	What is the proper thin* to say when entering a strange office and you wish to see Mr.
Carter, an executive?
3.	When giving an informal dinner, how should the invitations be issued?
4.	When an forced upon you, and you know, from things you have heard, that
will not like this person, show here feelings by
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR SAFELY, Privately removed. Face, Arms, Legs; Treatment $2.00 postpaid, plain wrapper. Guaranteed to KILL roots with one application. Canadian Chemistry Co., Wilkie, Sask.__________________________________
sound. Mrs. Alex. 3, Belwood, Ont
!
PHOTO FINISHING

BABY CHICKS
BRAY CHICKS—ORDER NOW FOR later delivery. Some copies still left of valuable Bray Fall Service Bulletin. Limited quantity pullets. Bray Hatchery. 130 John North, Hamilton, Ont. ______
BOOKS, MAGAZINES
HAVE • YOU HEARD?
FREE! You Can Now Own
complete set ol beautiful silverware absolutely without cost, manufactured and guaranteed by International Silver Company. You may have this complete set absolutely free by sending your films to Imperial. Send an order now and receive complete particulars of this amazing offer. Six or
films developed
PULLETS, CHICKS
SEND FOR PRICES AND UAT-alogue of Free Range Ready-to-lay and laying pullets, also day; old chicks in all popular breeds. Free catalogue. ' Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited. Fergus. Ont.
introduction is
The veteran fishermen were all present, equipped with expensive tackle and tbe latest word in rods. In fact, the annual “big fish” competition of the Port Alberni, B.C., Tyee Club was in full swing. Then along came 16-year o!d Tommy Turner with a cheap, borrowed bamboo rod and annexed the silverware with a 41 pound salmon. He also won himself a very nice fishing boat, and the congratulations oî the veter- ans, who being good fishermen are sportsmen to the core. Fish like the one landed by Tommy Turner are all in the day’s sport, summer, fall or winter, on Canada’s west coast. The Empress Hotel, Victoria, social centre of Canada’s Evergreen Playground, is the headquarters for fishermen, golfers and outdoor enthusiasts generally.
An Eastern potentate, who wanted to know how many men were afraid of their wives, sent for all hie married male subjects and commanded those who always obeyed their wives to stand on one side.
Seeing to his surprise, that a very small man was the only one who did not do so, he asked him why such a puny individual as himself had a mind of his own.
“When I left home, your Majesty,” explained the man, “I promised my wife I would not go in any crowd.”
you
SPECIAL:	13 DIFFERENT USED
Magazines, mostly Western, only 60c postpaid. “Rex” Stamp Co., Wlmborne, Alberta.__________
eight exposure and printed 25c, or 8 reprints plus your choice of a free enlargement In easel mount or free silverware. To get the best In quality and service send .your films to Imperial Photo Service. Station J.. Toronto.	_________
can one
the manner of acknowledgment?
5. When a husband makes frequent business trips, should his wife, in her letters to him, be cheerful instead of relating little thing that has gone
POULTRY FOR SALE
PULLETS 2000 WHITE LEGHORN farm range, grown very uniiorm. Laying or ready to lay $1.10 f o b. Galt, I. K. Martin, Galt, y Ontario.
ENCYCLOPAEDIA FOR SALE
SPECIAL INTRODUCTORY OFFER —thirty dollars discount for this advertisement, on purchasing the new revised edition of the FJn-cyclopaedia Britannica — balance payable monthly. Clip, and ma l to 505 Federal Building. Toronto, for full details.	_____
RABBIT FURS AND WOOL
MEDICAL
every wrong?
6. When a woman is dinnerdancing at a hotel, should she check her wrap?
YOUR RABBIT FURS
MARKET _______ ,	„ „ 4i
and wool at top prices. Bulletins free. Write, Canadian Small Breeds Association, Box 441, Toronto 2, Ontario.	___
IT’S PROVEN EVERY SUFFERER of Rheumatism or Neuritis should try Dr. Nixon's Remedy. Munro’a Drug Store, 335 Elgin, Ottawa, Postpaid $1.00.

ELECTRIC A1
Answer»
1. That all depends upon the contents of the letter. Between intimate friends, a long, newsy interesting letter is always wel-A letter relating troubles, aches, ills, and accidents is always too long, whether three pages or ten. 2. “I should like to see
Mr. Carter of the Walker Manufacturing Company, Chicago.” 3. One may write brief notes, or extend invitations by phone. 4. Never. An introduction will not obligate you to further recognition. 5. Yes. The helpful wife will make her
and cheerful.
)
PAYNESE TABLETS FOR RELIEF of Rheumatic Pains, Headaches, Toothache and Neuralgia, • $1.00 per hundred. Postpaid. Satisfaction guaranteed. Domestic Drug Co.. Box 343, Winnipeg.
USED BAGS
WATBR SYSTEMS.
ELECTRIC
Pump only. $30.50. Complete sys
tem $75.00. Write .for folder Waugh and MacKewn. London
Ont.	______
BAKERS,
FARMERS. DAIRYMEN Merchants and Others are making extra money by shipping urn all kinds of used empty bugs. You can do the same. Write us and we will send you full
tags. Highest Sendel .. Mon-

PEOPLE ARE TALKING ABOUT the wonderful results after taking Dr. Nixon’s Remedy for Rheumatism and Neuritis — Postpaid $1.00. Munro’s Drug Store, 335 Elgin, Ottawa.__________________
Ram Roofing—Granary Lining
SUPEHTITE STEEL. SHEETS DOST
Inst longer lav
come
Even if money grew on trees, it would still be the smart birds who would get it.
now
particulars and shipping Ship freight collect, prices paid.—Sendel & Ltd.. 709-711 Common St treal, Que.______________
le>s. cover more faster, save sheathing Buy now before war advances prices, direct from factory. Superior Product# Limited. 15 Nelmn Street. Sarnia
Ontario	___________


I am Mr. Marshall,
The Highlander saw a puff of anti-aircraft smoke in the distance and thought it was ^parachutist.
and men turned out to search.
^ They found nothing, so his officer aaked if he was sure of what he’d seen. “Have you no doubt at all in your mind?” he demand-

MECHANIC WANTED
USED CLOTHING
AUTO MECHANIC WANTED. MUST be experienced on all makes of cars. Capable of taking charge of repair shop. Wonderful opportunity for right man. Present retiring shortly. Give experience, salary expected. Affleck's Garage, Lanark, Ontario._______
__ .	_	|	,	-	—	.	— - i ¦ ————»
MACHINERY FOR SALE
Canadian Pacific Photo
FARMS FOR SALE
WE BUY, SELL AND EXCHANGE Modern Ladies’ and Men’s second hand clothing. Wholesale and Retail. 327 Queen St. B., Toronto.
He gave the alarm
SEVERAL CHOICE STOCK FARMS
Ontario. R. Foote 1385 Dundns Street
WIMWÂR
near I/widen Barrister London. Ontario
owner
WATCH REPAIRS
FOOT REMEDY_______
SOLDIERS TRAINING FIND FOOT Bits# great comfort for tired, not, swollen feet. Send 25c for full Size package, prepaid. Dept. F. 155 George Street. Toronto._
SOLDIERS TRAINING FIND FOOT Bliss great comfort for tired, hot, swollen feet. Send 25ç for full size package, prepaid. Dept. F, 165 George Street, Toronto.
SPECIAL—$1.00 REPAIRS YOUR Watch complete, guaranteed two years by expert Jewellers. Old gold bought, Osncs Jewellers, 6548 Clark, Montreal.
WANTED* HATCHING KGÜ»
bright
letters
6. She may leave it on the back of her chair if she wishes.
WADE PORTABLE DRAG SAWS, easy to operate, a money-maker wherever there are logs to be cut. Write for free descriptive
The A R. Williams Ltd., 64 Front
ed
he replied, “I
“Aweel, sir, had nane till I saw him gaun’ up
*
bulletin Machinery Co St.. West Toronto
B
again.”
STAMPS

Drive oui ACHES
WANTED — BY A RELIABLE
Hatching Eggs from
A laddie from college named
Brooxo
Weighed down by R.A.’e and M.D.’s,
Hatchery. following breeds: Black Minorca#, White Minorca», Rhode Island Reds, White Wyandotte». Columbia Wyandotte», Buff Orphlngt. Brown Leghorns. Jersey B1 Giants, Jersey White Giant», Black Australorpe. Large premium paid. Box Number 66, 73 Adelaide W, Toronto.
LACE TABLE COVERS
On»1
&
a
MAKE AN IDEAL CHRISTMAS Gift. Open work Lace, beautiful patterns, sizes about 72” x 10’ $2.96 prepaid
tlty limited. Will refund satisfactory. General Trading Reg’d. Room 112, Gore Building, Hamilton.

Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
one,
ack
x W uan-
Order now as
.?
9.

not
SPECIALIZING IN REBUILT MOTORS. POWER-UNITS. Hydraulic
H S l S I •
Used
Cooling, soothing Mnit HoUtuin hp
ss&sirjgi
for heed cog
¦burns I Jars
riM
via

Aieo
Ge
OPTICAL____________
BEADING GLASSES — 12 pairs sent to test your eyes. Return t8em with your order If suited. State age. Prices $1.95 up. St. Clair Optical Co.. 1255 St. Clair West. Toronto.
Ids
Apple growing is the mainstay of the fruit industry of Canada, the value of commercial production averaging about $10,000,00(1 annually.
Cerfceretere,
chapping, and bruises! and tubes, 30c
Radlatere

— Satlafactloa er I#rr 4ufo Part*. Peat J.
Gl
im


MENTH0LATUM
ISSUE 44—’40
COM I OH l bmh
f// 4 € ' S
###PAGE###4###
•Hrrff
«mtü
i'.-*





lEmBHraQBBsroefflHBseaaraanmanQBaBBaanmroi
had no way of getting out. He offered to supply the stringers at a price ot |f>.00. each. The Council dicided to give him this amount lot any they could not supply, and authorized him to pro ceed to rebuild the bridge using what-rcadwoik he has left of his allow
N
THE EQUITY
SHAWVILLE. NOV. 7. 1940
\
Horigins Garage

Egg Production
\
Winter


\
x

CANADAS WAR EFFORT
a
ever ance.
The following bills were presented for approver!.
Ministry of Health.......	167 08
Geo. L. Hynes & Son, Funeral late Jas. Kennedy . ..
Percy Elliott, 4,650 ft. of cedar at
814.00 end 818 00.......
James Stewart, 143 yds. gravel.
J. Ed, Hodgins ”	"
Pontiac Agricultural Society.
Motion Cr. Wheten and Hanna, that these bills be paid,—Carried.
Motion Crs. Whelen and Hanna to adjourn.—Carried^


Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
A Weekly Review of Develop
Front :
Chevrolet
Sales
meats on the Home October 24—31
I
1
65 00
“ Margaret’
1—	Canadian destroyer hut in collision with large merchant vessel in North Atlantic ocean during night hours of October 22nd. One hundred and forty-two men and officers lost, including Commander Joseph W.
Roy of Ottawa.
This is the second Canadian destroyer lost during the war and reduces Canada’s destroyer strength to 12
2—	Second class of recruits under Mobilization Act summoned for 30 days com pulsar y training, starting November 22. Class numbers 29,600.
3—	Bel gain government in London decrees conscription for all Belgain between ages of 19 and 35, residents in
Canada.	Qnyon, Novembea 4, 1940
4—	0. j1. R. Higsh'.p “Empress of j A regular meeting.of the Municipal
Britain” sunk by enemy action west of Council of South Onslow was held on the Irish coast. Casualties placed at the above date at 4he*usual place ot 45 missing ; 598 rescued.	I meeting. Members present : Ambrose
5—	Huge plant for production of 500- Kennedy, Mayor, and Councillors nest-pound aerial bomdsnears completion in brook, Clarke, Eraser and MacKechnie. Quebec Province. Normal oetput es- On motion Crs. Westbrook-r raser, timated at well over 100,000 bombs a the minutes of last meeting were adopt-year. Production due to begin in Feb- ed as read.
rairy.	-	A committee having been named at
q—Freewill contribution to Canada’s general meeting held at Quyon on Mun-a War Effort total $933,000. This total day, Oct. 28, under the proposal of '	'	doe* not include $2,000,000 contributed opening highway for Winter driving
to the Air Ministry for research.	from Fort Coulonge to Aylmer and cer-
7—Wholesale price index of Domin- tain plans for financial purposes iou Bureau of Statistics was 83.5 in discussed.
week ended October 25 compared with Russell Taber being a member of 83 3 in previous week and 79.0 in corres- this oemmittee appeared at the Board ponding week last year.	for permission to keep the Highway
8__The ‘St. Malo’, taken over by Can- 0j>en, and on motion of Crs. MacKechnie
adian Goverment after capitulation of and Clarke, this Council grants France, sunk by enemy action. Twenty- permission to said Committee to keep eight of her crew, moàt of whom Can- Highway open through this mnmcipal-adians, reported missing.	ty.—Carried.
10—	Govermentcommities on factor- Motion —
ies and plant extensions total $250,000, Council spend $100. in excess of amount 000.	named at adjourned meeting of Oct. 11.
11—	Provisions of consolated régulât-1 —Carried,
ions respecting trading with the enemy made applicable to Kumaina as from Oct. 12. This was the day German I ordered paid, viz: troops entered Rumaina.	| Jas. Kilroy,
12—	Canadian minesweeper Bras d’Or J. H. Biehler, reported overbue %t Sydney, N. S. Bras W. J. Clarke, dOr has 30 officers and men aboard. | p. J. O’Hara,
W, J. Fleming, bd of council,
11. E. Elliott, cement tile,
Ambrose Kennedy, travel,
A registered letter from A. McMullen received and Mr. McMullen and Moses Erwin appeared at the Board re. water course and on motion of Fraser The regular meeting of the Mun-1 and Westbrook, the seeretary-treasurer icipal Council was held at Hynes Hall was instructed to notify the special on f he above date. Present : His Woi-I supt., to visit this watercourse and reship, Mayor G. G. McDowell, in the port to Council.—Carried.
Chair ; Councillors Caldwell, Hades and Motion — Fraser-Clarke, that this Strutt.	I Council purchase 4000 feet snow fence
The minutes of the last meeting wer i from Quyon Hardwaie at 7 cents per read and approved upon motion of Crs foot.—Carried.
Caldwell—Strutt.	Motion, Crs. Clarke-Westbrook, that
The following bills were presented to Jas Kilroy spend $150. repairing and the Council for approval:—	sanding side road between Lots 2 and 3,
Gatineau Power Company. . $64 99 R 5. This work to apply on 1941 ”	”	...	49 09 taxes.—Carried.
Labour, Streets............. 77 28 I
Bail Hudgins.. . .......
Building & Jury Fund .
L Swartz.......
J. P. Wilson .. .
Ministry of Health.......
Mrs. L. E. Thomson ...
Mrs. II. Howard ........
Harold Beckett...........
ti Sparling............. G 15 Four years ago an American
Moved by Cr. Eades. seconded by Or. named Berry Pink took the afeer-Caldwell tbat	the	foregoing bills	be	noon off from his work and strolled
paid —Carried	«	disconsolately through the city. He
Henry Dale	and	Sam Hamilton	ap-	was fed up with his work, and was
paired before the	Council and made	trying desperately to think of some-
complaints regarding damage to their thing new to do.	,
properly by rioters on Hallowe'en As he walked he noticed refuse.
wSLifrbenTfortm^TdZ.'"" they lipped the rubbish into a cart.
j,!t ssfitt s %% -5 srsratirsM
taKe ¦	¦	¦	he had
%
» *
80 31 14 30 14 30 175 00
%

g

production can easily be maintained by starting your laying birds on Eades Rggslent Laying Mash or Shur-Gain Laying Mash now and feeding to your bird until I Spring
X
Winter egg
s
J
<

9
X
N
X
\
\
Miss these real
Buys in Dependable
n
x
J. A Dean,
Sec.-Treat
k'i
abundance of grains and
For those who have an wish to mix their own Laying Mash, we carry a complete stock of Shut Gain Protein Concentrates
for laying hens.
South Onslow Council
men
Used Gars
§
a
and Trucks
x

poultry for market, Sliuv
birds that
If you are fattening Gain Fattening March will give your milk fed grade a finish at a surprisingly low cost.
One—1938 —Chevrolet Sedan
One—1939—Pontiac Sedan
One—1934—Chevrolet Truck, Stake-body
Demonstrations Gladly Given on Request Call today and beat the high price
\
N
a
\
x
X
X
X
\
X
\
S
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING DO., RED'D,
\
X
X


were
s

x

V



X
s.
\
x
x
\
X
_jprosy iViisccncsplion
Dcmo'ichscl by Author
x
‘One Husband, Inc./ fcr
But Single Marriage
Under the leadership of Mary Rogers, daughter of tlie late Will Rogers, “One Husband, Inc recently organized in Hollywood It is the * nucleus of a nation-wide movement of members pledging themselves to a single marriage each.
husbands and wives switching in our divorce courts at the rate of hundreds of thousands each year.
One Husband, Inc., is facing th. fact that more than 900,000 women were divorced in America last yea* and that in Hollywood alone, thi ratio fcr 1939 was 21 marriage, and 25 divorces.
Hollywood beauties are not th< only women given to changing bus bands frequently. Virginia Cogs well, an Atlanta, Ga., girl, a “Mis.-America,
*the marriage game. B
ican record for multiple marr age undoubtedly is held by Mrs Walker Truxler Smith 3arr.es er Crow Whitney Porter, Swanson Vat es La Fcigo, a woman of St. Lou s. Mo.
x
J. I,. HUDGINS
4
x
\
X
x
\
X
Public opinion concerning leprosy s about where it was in the Middle , the department of public

N
X
\
Phone 64 -J.
x
i
Fraser-Clarke, that this
x
' ages
health has said, when it struck the coldest kind of terror to the hearts
a
was
• »
TirinnnTmYifirATmnrmTÆÀ
\A
of men. •
In an article by Emory Ross many of the current misconceptions anent leprosy are demolished. The article states that the disease is not highly contagious. Contrary to gen oral thought, early cases of leprosy are not sent away, but are allowed to remain at home, to hold jobs, to mingle with the public, since the
disease in permanently cured, vanced cases are sent to the only hospital for leprosy in the United States, at Carville, La
The specific mode of infection is not yet known. The lepra bacili is bèhcvcd to breed in poverty-stricken and unsanitary places After ex-the disease dots net mari-
of Crs. Westbrook-
On raotiou MacKechnie, the following bills were
According to this association,
have been
$31.50 24.80 40 00 90.00
road list,
%4
• •
44
44
44
44
ESTABLISHED 1883
6.50
3G.00
its early stages can be
Only the ad-
5.00
COACH
INVALID
Shawville Council
was
GEORGE HYNES & SON
November 4,1940.
a
Directors of Funeral Service

has had rune ventures i
t the Amei
• *
t •
posure
fest itself for th£ following six years
Shawville, Que.
Vo
Proper nutrition, fresh air and exercise are the important elements in ti e treatment of lepra patients. Psychology also plays an important cart, as in many cases prog less tr arrested coses results from restot ing the patient’s feeling cf impc: as a human being.
i •
Buùei
Phone 83
LI!
t*
soc.cl
• «.
\ slight rr.L
One of those absurd ph ants'* which aie uccasu built by governments at a t: i dous expenditure u! pubt c n was Fort Jefferson, in wh• ; h a who innocently helped	:!
his flight after the ac. ass r.ut u:i imprisoned for years The fort was built on rn z: the Gulf of Mexico with the id* a protecting the Un. ted Sla'es c« line from foreign invasion foot walls enclose acres—and 50.00r).G',Q or.ins used in its construct.on. it is said, of a doKar ap.ei e to tin
coiossa
500 guns were
On motion of Cr. Fraser, the meeting
Cemetery Memorials
r»	^
. . . - I k.
22 50 adjourned. 12 00
Jos. A. Steele Sec.-Treas
Voice of Abe Linco'n All disputes and argument, and con, as to the quality and style of voice Abraham Lincoln possessed can now be ended, according to the Chicago Tribune of March 11. 1851 On that date, the Tribune printed the following article:
His voice was as soft and sympathetic as a girl's. Altho not lifted above the tone of average conversation, it was distinctly audible thruout the entire hall. When after avowing his devotion to peace and conciliation, he said. ‘But yet I fear shall have to put the foot down firmly/ he spoke with deliberation and with a subdued intensity of tone, lifted his foot lightly, and pressed it with a quick but not violent gesture the floor. He evidently meant
80
41
Pr:
» * * *
Attractive New Designs in Granite and Marble
..	4 37
5 00
..	5 oo Succeeds in Turning
Refuse Into Gold Mine
iv :
...	20	00
...	22	00
Get Our Prices Before Buying Elsewhere
as
» 4
It* 5l
an area of 1
A large and distinctive Stock to choose from
•'ft
at a cost
Phone, 278
American public. On tins
structure nearly
mounted.
Truly a terrible and inaccessible
structure you say?
You may be right, but the trouble that Fort Jefferson’s designers had overlooked the fact that the waters round the islet were so shallow that no ships could approach to within anything like the range of the guns, even if they wanted to.
So the magnificent fort, pride ol a nation, was turned into a prison!
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 248 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont
we
was
upon
it. The hall rang long and loud with acclamations. It was some min utcs before Mr. Lincoln was able to proceed
assemblage more thoroly captivated and entranced by a speaker than were his listeners yesterday by the grim and Stalwart Illinoisan.”
ASTRAY
A Serious Mistake
Halliday Sutherland, in a book called “Lapland Journey” published by Dodd, Mead, N. Y., draws attention to the fact that the Encyclopedia Brittanica is a “mine of misinformation on the Finns.” The revered compendium of knowledge, he quickly observed, has them mixed up with the Lapps, who are 400 miles to the north and have no racial connection with nor physical resemblance to their southern neigh-The Finns are tall, light in
I have never seen an
From the premises of the undersigned on Friday night, Oct. 25th, two calves, one white and one black and white. Information regarding their whereabouts will be thankfully received by
* THOS. MURPHY,
Charter!», Quo.
action be
that such
against those found responsible as council may advise, and that legal ad-1 placed in
aÈ§mj*É!
Moved by Cr. Eades. penned by Cr. botlles cn!d-cream jars and bits of Cotie that this Council go on record , ^ hc could lay his hands on, and as being in favour of having the high- converting them all into marbles, ways in this Municipally snow plough- Ho aIso instituted a campaign to ed and kept f pen for motor vehicle | make America thoroughly “marble-traffic during the Winter months.
(Carried unanimously.
Motion—Crs. Fades Cotie, to adjourn.
the i he remembered a game
his youth, and, in a flash to him—marbles—
Phone 30—17.
/
É
I


FOR SERVICE
bors.
complexion, possess a fine culture and live in a civilization that needs no apology, and' dark, with the
l
4
i
For Service—Yorkshire purebred hog. Apply to Russell Elliott, Charteris. Phone 30—31.
The Lapps are short Broadest heads They live in a state of

of any race, primitive culture, dwell in tents and in no way related to any of the Scandinavian peoples.
—and he succeeded be-
Pu rebred Yorkshire Roar, young imported. Service fea $1 00.
Apply to
9 9
conscious yond his wildest dreams.
Today Berry Pink is known all America as “The Marbles King,” and, thanks to his efforts, nore than 5,000,000 people in the . S. play the game.
arc

Hah land C. Row at,
Secretary-Treasurer
It fut Hodginh, Shawville, Que.
over
v
Gibraltar Pregnable
Gibraltar is no longer impregnable, says Lieut. Coin. Charles Moran of the U. S. Naval Reserve. The exposed position of Gibraltar, because of the great range of modern artillery, is well known to miliary men, he states.
In the event of a war against Spain, siege guns could subject the Rock of Gibraltar to a continuous bombardment and airplanes could oambard^it from Algeria and Morocco, a British* war admiral recently -:lated. The rock, he continued, is intenable in a war against Spam dub would be exceedingly unpleasant to live on in the event of a war with France.
1
yVAV
Purebred Turn worth Hog, Service Fee #1 UO. Apply to


Clarendon Council



Good Old Days?
Pc:: .c Chief J. A. Grady, Pueblo, November 4th, 19W Colo., says that present-day bar flies Clarendon Council met on the above aren’t nearly as clever as some of dite Present : Mayor Barr end Cuun- the old timers. “For instance.” he cillors, Smart, Wladen and Macfirlane. says, “the old time saloon keepers Minutes of last meeting were read didn t like to have drunks dozing and approved on motion of Counc. ; in their places. Unless a man showed
McK.irlane and Smart.	I	of betnJ awake was hus-
Motion Count M.cfarl.ne and Whelen ; tied «way Many of those fellows
„	?	«winging, like a clock pendulum,
Mr.' Porey Elliott, appeared stating *ven if the chair sitter was sound
that the Bridge across Birch’s Creek islevp been broken iu by a truck, and he

Kknnkth Pirik,
R. 1 Shaw ville, Que.
</.
A*

*****



s'*



mmwm




Bush Lots For Sale
».
99m


KÜ

PPPWvr*-'*






«

ww
Offer» will he received frr south half of Lots 1 and 2, Range 7, in the Township of Onslow. 215 acres more or less. A good stand of timber and wood.
Apply to
W. F. PRITCHARD,
Wyman, Que.
'
»•>


fy--C M


British Planes Fire Great German Forests
The bombs go «board one of the Biiti-di nirc-rnft th it attacked German forest». In the raids the fnin-ts w.-re fired and concealed ammunition dumps were destroyed.
I
###PAGE###5###
Strayed
FOR SALE
Enlarge Sheep Flocks To Meet War Needs
Stressihg the responsibility of farmers in building up their flocks to meet the needs of the country in war time, Dr. E. 8. Archibald, Director of Dominion Experimental Farms Service, addressed the Ottawa Valley Sheep Breeders' Association at the opening of the third annual sale of rams and selected bieeding ewes at the Expérimenta’ Farm, Ottawa, recently.
Dr Archibald said the sheep breeders Dad f \ery reason building up the sheep industry, because C nada at present was a heavy importer of wool and lamb. He spoke of the responsibility of the sheen farmers tods meeting the war-time needs for Eastern one-half breed type wood which is in the greatest demand for war purposes.
Although the situation was not urgent at present with regard to meat supplies, said Dr. Archibald, all available meat would be required when Great Britain could import in larger quantities. The aoparênt trend of : bought in Canadian towns aiyi cities was illustrated by the increasing number of city people who were buying farms and live stock as a sound investment. Surely, if the urban population had confidence in farming, fanners, themselves should be keener than to improve both the soil and their live stock. The best way to improve their live stock was through the use of good sires.
About 150 district farmers attended the sale at the Central Experimental Farm and purchased about 90 rams and 00 ewes. All the rams entered in the sale were government graded, prices ran from $15 each to a top of $32. and the ewes were sold at price ranging from 610. to $18.
On to the premises of the undersigned about Oct 1st, one aged brown mare. Owner may have same by proving
incurred.
One Spring and Fall Overcoat One Buffalo Robe One Buggy and Cutter and a number of good books.
MRS. O. R. HORNER,
Main Street, Shawv illc, Que
99
>* KAUFMAN Life Buoy Rubbers
The Equity
property ard paying ex pences
KltlC BROWN, Campbell’s Bay Que.
Bslebllshed IN83
POBMHHKU aveilY THURSDAY AT
SHAW VILLE, QUEBEC
Phone 3f>—f»
Standard of Quality”
Made With Care — For Extra Wear
!
ANNUAL SUHSCRU’TION
$i no
Anywhere in Cnnndn To United States.
!
k Orn !
2.00
KNOW
YOUR
COUNTRY
to be confident m
All arrears must lie paid in full I,vfore any paper Is discontinue
0
The Inrgest selection of Men's, Women's, Boys Youths’ and Children's High G rule Bobbers, ever shown in the history of this store. Our Boot and Shoe Department has been greatly enlarged for the convenience of our customers. Space >vill not permit us to enumerate all the different lines, suffice to say that taking quality into consideration, our prices are within reach of everyone.
XV. G. COWAN. PUBLISHER

Wd
GO»-0
Innocent Suspects Freed After Lie Detector Tests

000,0°°
AO,000, 000,000 000.000
$ '7
Oi*'
Lie detector tests were recently described as of primary importance to innocent persons, as well as extremely valuable in the disclosure of those with guilty consciences.
Dctective-Lieut. Harold Mulbar, lie detector expert for the state police in Michigan, revealed that the polygraph tests lost year Cleared half of the suspects who submitted
to them.	?
“Of 222 suspects, 111 were cleared, 98 were found to indicate deception, 49 made confessions and the other 13 were of a mentality which could not be tested adequately,” he said.
Fin»
803,0°°
: 918,000
; 3,044,00° . 5,095'**
1913	' '
71
1&4,
A 939
1931	" '
1939	' "
OwtoS
even
chid
halt
and a of 1913-
“Men’s Gavar"
two
to 1939 w»" » 11 »
and over in price.
Gold P
that aine h»«
odiucuoo
1929 i-
times
dollar v
s\iov.n
si*
1 he super-quality Leather Toy for. tose who demand the best. Selected full grain chrome tanned waterproof leather. 12 and 15 inch tops.
ot pf
than increase
%ir*S'b *
Vain® greater
to the larger source»
of *e
the
one
ever
nsion.
one
“ Men’s Bruno ”
l ull-grain leather top, 12 and 15 inch top.
Mulbar confirmed an International City Managers’ association report that the lie detector is an economical device. He estimated that it eliminated $25,000 worth of police
investigation in 1938.
The association report declared that lie detectors are standard police equipment now in 15 cities, seven states including Michigan and the federal bureau of identification.
In Evanston, 111., and Wichita, Kan., all applicants for police jobs must take the tests. In East Cleveland, tests are given all applicants fur civil service positions.
Ham
# REAL SAVINGS are the excess of earnings over expenditures. Wartime destruction of Capital can be offset only by INTENSIVE SAVINGS. Have you disciplined yourself by saving regularly some proportion of your
earnings?
Each of our Branches has a Savings Department where your account will receive careful attention.
Know Your Bank—it can be helpful to you.
“ Men’s Moose ”
Sneeze by Stroboscope
Studied by Scientists
That respiratory diseases may be spread through the expulsion of germs in a sneeze or cough is fairly generally known. With the aid of a comparatively new photographic process, which can take 600 pictures a second, an investigation was underway to determine how widely and rapidly the droplets in a sneeze spread. The investigators hoped their findings would be of some help in the battle against respiratory dis-
A leather top boot that is rapidly becoming a firm favourite.
“ Men’s Triton ”
t
Black balmoral-cut lumberman with leather top attached. 15 inch top.
Pronunciations Differ
In Quebec they spell it Jolictte. Most of the towners call it Jollyet hut a few ritzed it to Zholy-aye. In Wisconsin there is a burg spelled Allouez. Natives say Al-o-weez. Purists claim it should be Al-o-way.
In Egypt, one would say Ky-ro; but the division point on the Illinois Central is Kay row buying a ticket in Peoria to the adjacent Mason county town you ask for a ducat to San Joz. If the transaction is made at San Francis-for transportation to the main town of Santa Clara county the pronunciation is San Mosey.
Layfee-et might horrify an alum-of the Sorbonne, but it’ll get where you want to go if you headed for the Wabash settlement. Perhaps lexicographers would hold out for Terra Hole but most Vigo county folk still call it Terry Ilut.
The BANK of
NOVA SCOTIA
“ The Kippen ”
eases.
The photographic process ^ used that invented by Dr. Harold Edgerton of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Called stroboscopic photography, the* process differs from ordinary photography in that the camera shutter is left open and the light (supplied by a gas-filled tube, or stroboscope) is broken into 36,000 flashes a minute. Impressions are left on the photographic plate each time the light flashes; in ordinary photography the light remains constant and the camera shutter opens and closes.
Heading the research into the
was one of Dr. Ed-
Black bottom moccasin vamp, solid heel, tan leather top, beaded bottom, Mens in 12 and 15 inch tops ; Boys’ in lO inch tops.
was
If you are
CENTURY OF BANKING EXPERIENCE
EST; 1S32 —OVER A
“ The Trent ”
co
The Hodgins Lumber Go.
Black upper. Balmoral cut. red sole, solid heel, 7 inch tops, in men’s, boys’ and youth’s.
»
nus
you
are

“The Chippewa”
I
common sneeze gerton’s colleagues at M. I. T., Prof. k. Marshall W. Jennison of the depart- q ment of biology and public health. B Using Edgerton's technique, Pro- ^ fessor Jennison made several photo- ^ graphs of the effect of a sneeze. Among his early findings:
Near the end of a sneeze, the mouth closes involuntarily and propels at high speed (two miles a minute) a great number of droplets through the restricted opening.
In a single spasm, thousands of droplets ranging down to one two-hundred-and-fiftieth of an inch in diameter are expelled.
The smallest of these drops evaporate but others are left floating in
These particles may be
CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
Women’s, Misses’ and Child’s black upper, bright • finish.
Kodiak Doubles Population
While most cities in the United States ot America are shedding bitter tears because the recent census did not show any. or but little in-!~i their population, the little of Kodiak, in western Alaska,
GROCERY SPECIALS
crease in
town l_ -doubled jts population. But the increase has produced an embarrassing obstacle to future expansion, according to VV. J. Erskipe, president of the Kodiak Chamber of Commerce. It seems that most of the land adjoining present city limits is owned by squatters who won't give up their property. Kodiak is probably one df the busiest towns in the North American continent because of the hundreds of workers employed on the construction of the «Jn'ted States naval base.
Old Hickory Salt. 10 pounds.........
Velveeta C'b 'esc, family size, .7..
Kraft Dinner........................
Choice Salt Pork Short Cuts, per lb.
Choice Quality Mincemeat, 2 lbs.....
Peanut Butter, 2 lbs................
Old English Liquid Wax..............
$1 00
Phone 27
59c
y
21c
THE HODGINS LUMBER COMPANY
17&c
the air
distributed to other persons.
Compared with the number of drops issuing from the mouth, those coming from the nose are insignificant.
In general, coughing gives forth fewer but larger droplets than sneezing.
2Hc
Quebec
Shawville,
29c
§2BF2
49c

I
1
Loaded Guns
Firearms are the third most important cause of male mortalities. Deaths due to cleaning guns or careless handling of loaded guns cause 1 2 deaths per 1,000,000 male persons but onlv 0.2 oer 1.000.000 females.
MacLean’s
Summers Getting Hotter, Claims Weather Bureau
au I Many of us incline to grin indul-^ I gently when the old folks dash the perspiration from their brows and grumblingly assert that when they were young the weather was pleasant in»the summertime and not tor-
»	| ^ 'not, say \o ourselves that
distant things seem pleasantest, and the only reason why Dad and Granddad imagine those long-gone sum-to have been more mild is be-they are victims of the very
RED & WHITE STORE

iN


i •
Saves
The Owner Serves—The Buyer
I I
Break Up That
«
10c
per pound
Christmas Photos
At the same pre-war prices
Lard,
Peanut Butter, 2 pounds Pork and Beans, -sand baked Tomatoes, large, 2 tins Libby’s Tomato Juice, gallon Soup Peas, 4 pounds Corn Meal, package Quaker Cornflakes, 3 pakg’s Mixed Biscuits, fresh 2 lbs. Smoked Bacon, sliced, per lb.

25c
Cold With
mers cause
human tendency to forget the unpleasant and recall only the serene ;.nd balmy days.
However, we are wrong and the old folks are right. The summers ire hotter now than they were when the horseless buggy was an object jt which to gape any doubt about it, Jhere are the ¦statistics of the weather bureau as ineluctable proof of the fact.
According to the bureau's charts the average summer temperature jumped by at least three degrees during the last 20 years. This is really a phenomenal advance, and a rise of an average of three degrees means but one thing—that there have been a good many searching hot days.
The weather bureau is quite frank ip admitting that it does not know to account for this rise in general summer temperature.
12c
acetophln
TABLETS
25c
Our SPECIAL CHRISTMAS OFFER Two Extra Photos with each dozen
Plus Provincial Tax of Two per cent. Many up to-date Folders to choose from
39c
25c
And if you have
Three Sizes
5c
Costs less than one • cent a tablet
2|c
H. IM ISON
PHOTO ARTIST
25c
nas
29=
15c
Cocoa Bulk, package Red 4 White Baking Powder Pk. 25c
THE CORNER STORE
All finishing done Enlargements, all
Amateur finishing a Specialty.
Velox double weight paper, siiea and colored, if reQuired.
on
Estate Mrs. M. C. Howard
Main and CentreSts
SHAWVILLE.
.OW

QUE.
VVVVxXVXXX
HtsaewssssMso»*
###PAGE###6###
"ed Is 43,800 feet.
THICKEST ONES ARB LOWEST The middle clouds, otdled cirro-cumulus, move at heights between 10,000 and 23,000 feet, while the lower and heavier clouds are us- e ually between 3,000 and 7,000 feet The thickest clouds are the great cumulus or thunder clouds, which usually have a flattish base and towering, mountaln-like summits. The lower part of such a cloud may be only 4,000 feet above earth's surface, but the top Is 16,000 feet, giving a thickness of about two and a half miles. Rain cloud hangs low, its average height above the sea being only a couple of thousand feet. The height of clouds is easily obtained by means of photography, two cameras being vised at once.
How Do You Cough?
Canada’s Prime Minister Congratulates The Navy
Saving Ontario's Natural Resources
\

Nature intended the cough as a means of expelling congestion from the breathing system, and there is a right and a wrong way "to cough, a medical authority tells us. The correct way .is to fill the lungs with air, then suddenly expel it. The air should be drawn through the nose, filling the stomach and then the chest. If it is admitted through the mouht, it is not pre-warmed, and may therefore contract the passage and drag the obstruction deeper into the lungs. To cough correctly, take a full, deep breath through the nose and then cough with great force. That this method is effective was demonstrated by a medical man who, with one correct effort, expelled a pea which had lodged in his lung.

frv


s
h
%
I**..

1 /

T
%

»
(No. 14)
By G. C. TONER
Ootarie Federation of Anglers
TWO VITAL LESSONS
The conservation of Ontario’s natural resources is a vital matter to the people of the Province but it is as well to remember that other regions of the country and the world have jsven more pressing problems caused by depletion. Professor P. B. Sears, an authority on land erosion, speaking at Philadelphia, mentioned some of these prob-Highly developed civilizations in all regions of the world have depleted their resources until m time the civilization itself disappeared. Floods in China, deserts in the lands around the Mediterranean, reversion to jungles of the central villages of Mexico are in part traceable to bad management just as our western Dustbowl was caused by the rancher, the sod of the short grass prairie.
GET TOGETHER ON IT
An important point brought out by Professor Sears is the in which separate small
9-
M


$
*

«5#

¦Hk*

a we
i *

v A
*
New Car Markers Ready December 1
#


ft '
I


lems.

A
\
Some Clouds Are Nine Miles High
Production of Ontario motor markers for 1941 is being slightly delayed due to a shortage of sheet metal, officials of the provincial secretary’s department said last week. The markers, however, will be ready for issuance about December 1, or before.


A
Wi





Cirrus, Tiny Fleecy Clouds, Float at Average Height of 30,000 Feet
9»







ms
g



•W-
.. -m
Steel mills are giving priority to war orders, resulting in the work at the Ontario Reformatory being delayed, but officials said there will be sufficient material to complete the markers on time.
-Vi
Until the Invention of the aero plane few people troubled their heads about clouds except in so far as they affected the weather. Today they are studied with the utmost care, their size, density, and height. Cirrus, the tiny fleecy clouds seen only in fine weather
and often known as mare’s tails, float at an average height of 30.000 feet. The greatest height at which they have ever been measur-




n". a*
Visitiitr eastern defence stations, Prime Minister King took the opportunity to congratulate the officer, and men of Canada’s navy on their splendid work. He is shown here inspecting the officers of a
destroyer at anchor in an eastern port.
way
groups, attacking sectors of the conservation problem, are now coming together in a unified effort to stop depletion and restore the countryside. The anglers were only concerned with restoring their fishing. Hunters wanted more game. Foresters were protecting the woods and planting the trees. But each group has found that the limits of their work passed over into other
phases of conservation, fishermen now realize that they cannot protect the fish unless they stop soil erosion and pollution; the forester and hunter are finding that wild life and forests are linked together.
These two lessons are important to all naturalists and conservationists. We must know the history of other regions and of ether times so that we can avoid their mistakes. We must unite eur efforts ; the farmer and the eity dweller, the naturalist, the hunter and the angler, attacking depletion as a whole and restoring the woods, the waters, the soil and the wildlife, If our civilisation is not to vanish as did Rome and Greece.
Japan's reaction to growing Bri-tlsh-American solidarity In the Far East Indicated that the Japanese felt they had lost the Initiative In the Pacific, at least for the time being, and would delay any plans they might have had for early action in the Netherlands East Indies and elsewhere In Southeast Asia. At the same time, German agents all over the Bast were reported to be working to foment an open cash between Japan and Britain and the United States . . . and the Burma Road, China’s lifeline, Just re-opened by Britain, was bombed repeatedly. . .
Gandhi’s “Last Campaign”
In India, the 72-year-old wizened Gandhi, leader of millions, inaugurated an Indian Nationalist disobedience campaign which he hoped would effect a reconciliation “not only between Britain and India but also between the warring nations of the earth.” (Reconciliation between Britain and India to come, In hie eyes, only when the Independence of India Is granted). Describing it as the “last campaign” of his life, Gandha stated that he did not expect it to result In his arrest, since the Imprisonment of such a popular Idol would embarrass the authorities.
Election Race Hot On this side of the globe, the#. 8. elections retained top position In the news. The race was getting hotter, the margin between Roosevelt and Wilkie narrowing hourly, as the big day was only half-a-week away. For the first time, this column considered the election of Wlllkle as a possibility worthy of serious consideration. Was President Roosevelt scared when he took the stump for the last rounds of the 1940 political battle?
The contest to the south of us doubtless drew a great deal more attention than It was worth. The outcome could not matter very mato Canada — nor to Great
The longest period of world peace since the beginning of the eighteenth century was the thirty-nine years following the defeat of Napoleon in 1816.
THE WAR-WEE K—Commentary on Current Events
IS THE TIDE TURNING IN BATTLE OF BRITAIN?
C. N. RAILWAY REVENUES
SHOW BIG INCREASE
chine off the map? Would It wait until France, Belgium, Rolland, Norway, countries full of grave unrest and widespread sabotage, turned against their masters and tried to throw off the Nazi yoke? Would It begin with large-scale military operations In the Axis rear — the eastern Mediterranean?
Crisis Nears In Mediterranean
Events appeared to be shaping that way In the Near East last week. A British diplomatic offensive was suggested by the meeting In Istanbul of the British Ministers to Yugoslavia, Turkey and Bulgaria, considered as a prelude to forming a new Balkan bloc to stop an Axis drive southward; the London Times urged in an editorial that Britain seize Greek naval bases and strengthen her position at the enemy’s expense; the visit of British War Secretary Anthony Eden to the Near East, seen as part of an attempt to promote Egypt's Intervention In the conflict against Italy and create a Balkan-Arabic bloc against the Axis, obviously was worrying Germany and Italy.
Turkey’s Attitude Vital
The crux of the Balkan-Medi-terranean situation lay In the attitude of Turkey, and by reversion, to the attitude of the Soviet diplomats from whom Turkish leaders appeared to be taking their cue. The trend seemed unmistakably to be towards stiff resistance by Turkey to the demands of Germany and Italy. With Turkey In the war, Axis plans In the Mediterranean could very easily go sour.
Gibraltar and Dakar
But Hitler, as we have all learned by now, Is a master of the feint. With everyone’s attention concentrated on the eastern Mediterranean, he could hardly choose a better moment In which to make a thrust through Spain (a whole Ger-divlsion was reported to be poised there) to blitzkrieg Gibraltar and close the door of the weet-, Mediterranean with the help of the Vichy government, once France was persuaded to re-enter the war. Thence on to Dakar onel Frank Knox, Secretary of the U. S. Navy, envisioned such a possibility when he declared last week that the fall of Gibraltar would be of “immeasurable” Importance to the United States If it should result In a German move dotai the west coast of Africa to the vicinity of Dakar, which Is only 1,600 miles from American shores.
Japan Backing Down?
The Far Eastern situation appeared to have quieted down somewhat Several high diplomats In Tokio, Informants said, told tlielr home governments last week that
The coming winter will not see the defeat of Great Britain, Sir Norman Angell, well-known English economist declared In an Interview at Boston last week. The destruction caused by air raids on Great Britain during the winter, he felt would be offset by assistance from oversees — from Canada, the United States, Australia and India.
Britain Wins First Round That the defending forces had the first round in the Battle
The
In First Nine Months of 1940 of $21,315,962, Net, Over The
Corresponding Period Last Year
Net revenue of $3,927,467 for the month of September and of $27,968,816 for the nine months period, January to September inclusive is shown in the monthly statement of operating revenues, operating expenses and net revenues of the Canadian National Railways all-inclusive system issued at headquarters last week.
Operating revenues in September of this year were $21,119,220 and operating expenses $17,191,768.
For the nine months of the present year, operating revenues were $178,416,991, an increase of $36,170,054 over the corresponding period of last year. Operating expenses up to September 30 of this year were $160,447,675, an increase of $14,854,092 over the similar period of 1939. The net revenue of $27.968,316 for the first nine months of 1940 represents an increase of $21,315,962 over the corresponding period of last year.
The summaries follow:
lu
woo
of Britain was becoming Increasingly evident last week. The R. ?. F., while maintaining mastery of the home skies was carrying the with steadily mounting strength to enemy territory; the Royal Navy controlled the Channel and ocmflnued to enforce a strict blockade of Axis-held countries fronting on the North Sea, the Atlantic and the Mediterranean; the British people were resisting the savage attacks of the Luftwaffe with magnificent spirit; North America was feeding Great Britain endless stream of planes, ammunition and other war material.
Even the Russians admitted that the British were more than holding their own. Red Star, official organ of the Soviet Army, declared that Germany's air offensive against Britain had failed. The paper said that not only were the British continuing to defend themselves but were able “effectively” to carry the battle to Germany.
No Invasion Till Spring?
Vincent S h e e a n, world-famed foreign correspondent who wrote “Personal History,” though frank in an opinion that Great Britain would have to have more help In materials, said that he believed
Month of September
Increase of Decrease
1939
1940
Operating Revenues $ 21,119,220 $ 22,645,303 Decrease $ 1,526,083
17,191,753	16,340,661 Increase
Ships built of iron have been recorded ss lssting for nearly 100 years, and still in use has engines dating from 1869.
861,092
Operating Expenses
$	8,927,467 $	6,304,642 Decrease $ 2,377,175
Aggregate to September 30
$178,415,#! $142,245,937 Increase $36,170,054 150,447,676	135,593,583 Increase 14,864,092
$ 27,968,316 $	0,652,354 Increase $21,316,962
One built in 1848
Net Revenue
Operating Revenues Operating Expenses
Net Revenue
an
VOICE
OF THE
PRESS
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
/



CHECK-UP NEEDED “Most Canadians would welcome a Parliamentary check-up at this crucial time,” opines the Financial Poet Any objections?—St. Thomas Thnee-Journal.
us /Moderns

\
tertallv
Britainr since both candidates were pledged to give her all aid, short of war. Nevertheless the presidential race was an exciting thing for anybody to watch.
Toward the end of the week the Dominion was becoming more and more concerned with the business of Parliament just about to convene, prorogue and reconvene. All parties made ready to jump into the debate on the address In reply to the Throne Speech . . . Defense Minister Ralston postponed a trip overseas, War Services Minister Gardiner hurried back from Britain for the opening.
Mr. Gardiner’s filling of the post of Minister of Agriculture, as well M the war Services Ministry, was viewed as * unsatisfactory in many quarters of the Dominion. Farm conferences meeting In the west called for his removal, citing his failure to do anything In the face of the drastic wheat situation . . . When asked If Premier God bout of Quebec might be named to succeed Gardiner, Prime Minister King smiled last week, and did not commit himself.
BOTH EARS TO GROUND
Premier Hepburn, as Ontario treasurer, says there will be no mew provincial taxes this year. He must have had BOTH ears to the
v/

/
r /
9
war
actual invasion of England would not occur until spring and that the people could withstand the air bar-
Z
i>

ground this time.

'j
—London Free Press.
/
?
rage.
Reports of three separate invasion attempts by the Germans which had been beaten off by the R A F. appeared in all the newspapers last week. Featured most prominently was the story of a big attempt on Sept. 16th, the day after Goerlng flew over London.
Big Offensive Planned Talk of a coming “great offensive” by the British was heard last week from Prime Minister Churchill and three Cabinet Ministers, (Lord Lloyd, the Colonial Secretary, A. V. Alexander, First Lord of the Admiralty, Aircraft Production Minister Lord Beaverfcrook). This raised questions In everyone’s mind: Would the offensive come land, in the air, or by see? Would it involve reconquering the entire continent of Europe by fighting Hitler and the Nazi war ma-
LONG ARM OF LAW
Ontario has a lawyer as minister of health, and now it has another lawyer as minister of mines. Thus the law reaches everywhere and perhaps that is what is meant by the long arm of the law.
man
r
em
V
Col-

• •
—Toronto Star.
n
n,
I
WE RE HELPING JAPAN
Wherefore prompt action at Ottawa seems to be demanded. It would be the height of foolishness tor Canada to continue to feed Japan with material which might be used against her.
—Owen Sound Sun-Times.
Z
%
%
PS


7/
z
X

“MIXED FARMING” IN WEST?
"Why are you such improvident wheat miners,” the Lethbridge Herald says that the East asks In effect of the Western prattle farmers, “and why don't you raise more stock and why generally don’t you go in more for mixed farming?” The answer of the Lethbridge paper is that the Alberta farmer, at any rate, is not merely pot an excluelve wheat man but that be actually, In proportion, raises far more hogs than Ontario docs. The relevant comparison is that Alberta, with a population of 100,000, raised 1,371,000 hogs last year while Ontario, with a population of 3,000,000, raised 1,997,000. The Lethbridge Herald insists that It is hasty assumption that Alberta eould relieve the present glut of Canadian wheat by feeding 100 million bushels of wheat to hogs and raising 6,000,000 hogs. The trouble is that It would be Just as hard for Canada to market 6,000,000 hogs as it is for Canada to market 600 million bushels of wheat.
—Vancouver Province.

// - 7
. by
on
“Let's put it this way, then . . . Make believe we’re sitting in the
up jumps a goblin, an’ you’re scared !”
park
By GENE BYRNES
100% 14-Carat
REG’LAR FELLERS
1
R
WUi
G WAN / IF THEY WERE
I THE GLASS HART AIN'T SOLE BUT THE
_ IRONWORK r-
7
r MY POP JUS* l ÛOUQHT A PAIR OF
4000 COLE
7®!
%
HOW COULD HE SEE THROUGH THEM f
/
MUD COLE
8*


is/
y*
EYEGLASSES /

examination
FREE
7

/

/
3 „ Lf
I s

1
*
A

EST
4
4>0±
+ 0
r
4
r
1
Am

îj
I
###PAGE###7###
ly back. Virginia was beside him, wanting him to lean on her shoulder.
Joey lingered for a moment, with a gulp of emotion, and then he went out on tiptoe.
“it’s over.” Lee said in a tired voice. "Thank God. We're starting again with a clean slate . . . Honey
She came blindly, shaking under the release from days of intolerable strain . dear, my dear!”
The last whisper of the closing door left them alone.
THE END
HILLS of DESTINY
Jlfi
7
/
fe
/r7/
A
fi

by Agnes Louise Provost
*
A
come here P'
CHAPTER XXVI
Leo came in, hollow-eyed and bandaged, moving slowly.
‘I’ve asked you all to come here because there’s something that I want to say to you.”
“That’s all right, young man, but you’re in no shape to do it yet.” Bradish was briskly solicitous. “Give yourself a day or two to recover.”
“I’m obliged for your consideration, late.”
Bradish reddened. Steady eyes held him as Lee began.
“Three days ago a man who has been acting as your agent shot me, rifled my pockets of the deed to this ranch and carried into Number One tunnel of the Bonanza mine, where he had set a blast to bury me safely until he could levy blackmail on you for a big sum and make his escape. He had you where he wanted you . . . No, you wait until I’m through.
“I came to before he left and heard the last things he said, giving away some matters that you already know and that I needed to. One of them was that he had dropped me down beside Matt Blair’s real samples the stolen ones that never got to the Assay Office. When he had gone I had just sense enough and time enough to crawl away from the blast, taking a chunk of that ore with me.”
JUST A BUSINESS MATTER
He held out a rough, pale yellowish lump.
“Carnotite,” he said briefly. “I don’t need to tell you that.”
“Yes,” Bradish admitted calmly, “I was after the Bonanza, but you’re wrong about my knowledge of the methods that Lawler and Gano used. It was purely a business matter. The gold pocket that started the rush years
found on Matt’s claim, divided according to


711 FIv. or ils»'

. . "Oh my

By a special ruling of the Post Office Dept
CHRISTMAS CARD, not to exceed 6Vi inches in width and 4Vi inches in
depth. MAY HE SENT WITH YOUR OVERSEAS gift parcel.
$1°° SENDS 300
"BRITISH CONSOLS" — "EXPORT"
or "LEGION" CIGARETTES \
•
Of 1 lb Tobotce -BRIER SMOKING « ony MACDONALDS FINE CUTS (wi* pop#,) oli« DAILY MAIL, to SoHlprs OVERSEAS In C A S E Ueiti only (Postpoié).


YOUR PERSONAL
%
• 9
What Most Men Think of Women
xéM
*
I
0
'/
L
little
y
but it comes a
r*
m
4
Ol
a
/

They All Believe Women Have Certain Traits Can’t Shake ’Em Out of It
m si.
i
I hope they send more dgarettes for Christmas/
You
Eat Crown Brand dolly. IPs Canada's greatest energy



tr
w
Come on, let’# face it Not in our lifetime—rand perhaps never—are mên going to see women as they are.
Educate a girl, teach her to take care of herself and to think for herself. Encourage her to be a* independent as a man, so that she is as logical and makes as much sense as any human being. Then try to convince a man that of these things is true of
i
coach## and athletes.
The Crown Brand Motto— printed i n colour» ; Crown i* Brand "Book of Magic". Æ^|> “Book of Riddles and many Sport Books. ALL FREE. Send in a Crown mg Brand or any Canada Starch Wj Label. One LABELfor EACH W. ITEM. Address: The Canada Y Starch Company limited, Dept. 1 I.N 19 Wellington St E., Toronto, ^
me
r	j
*2?° SENDS 1000 CIGARETTES
to any Single Military Address Overseas

f
m
CHRISTMAS ORDERS SHOULD BE IN BY NOV. 10th
Once Anne made a decision, she stuck to it. No wonder she kept her instructor up in the air. You’ll love—you’ll hate this spoiled, pampered heiress who wanted to be famous as a
THE CANADA STARCH COMPANY LIMITED
MAIL ORDER AND REMITTANCE TO Overseas Department, W. C. MACDONALD INC. P.O. Box 1929, Place d'Armes, Montreal, Canada
none her:
WON’T CHANGE THEIR MINDS That she is more jealous of other women than men ere jealous of other men.
That she can’t drive a car as well as a man.
That she is by nature catty. That she does not make a good
Simple Lines For Larger Sizes

Safi
TA* &oyl untf -t/i&ttA you /
(LYING CUD
m




LS
boss.
/
Thrilling New Serial
STARTS NEXT WEEK
That she really doesn’t like women.
That she can't tell a story without telling the point first, or getting it all mixed up.
That she talks more than a

%
I
m
/
5m
m


FI
I'm not

not Matt Blair’s son.
Virginia’s brother, and Slanty knew it. I happen bo be—yours. And I’m not proud of it.”
A chair rasped. Bradish leaped forward, staring at Lee.
“My mother,” said Lee steadily, looking straight at Bradish this time, “was Anita Ceballos Don Luis’ daughter, the girl you married secretly when you were down and out and deserted when
better fortune within
i

%
/
man.
That she is more vain about her looks than a man Is of hie.
That she is illogical.
That if she takes an interest in anything outside her home she is thwarted.
That it is unnatural for her to prefer office work to house work.
That she is less honest than a
m
w.
t
ago was and we
agreement. All that I struck on my claim was a lot of rubble and then a vein of stuff that cropped up all over. But we were looking for gold and it didn’t mean anything to. us. Years later, looking over some samples of radio-active ores, I remembered those deposits and suspected their value.”
Bradish talked crisply and directly now, a man sure of himself and his methods.
“And it never occurred to you to go to Matt Blair and offer to finance him on a «partnership basis?”
“Certainly not!” Bradish snap-ned it back impatiently. “Matt had lived with the thing under his nose for twenty-eight years without wakening up to it. It was his property but my find. I made him an offer for the whole
through an agent, of and got the answer
At his

9

you saw your reach.”
“I didn’t know,” Bradish said heavily. “She never told me that there was a child. I give you my word of honor—”
“I’d rather you didn’t. Honor didn’t count when you deserted my mother. You don’t have to explain any circumstances. They’re all there.”
He pointed to the papers under his hand. They lay in a time-yellow drift on the desk.
Bradish rose. It was the slow, heavy move of a beaten man.
“All right,” he said, his voice expressionless. “I suppose I had it coming to me.”
Joey’s voice cut in: “An’ now ye kin go, Milt Bradish, because Lee lets ye go. There’s yore car. Get in it quick, for if ye stay here another five minutes I’ll throw a gun cn ye myself!”
ALONE TOGETHER
It was a silent going. Stanley reached the car first and slipped hurriedly into the driver’s seat. Bradish followed his son only son he dared own.
The engine throbbed, the car shot forward.
Silence came, and then the stir of relaxed tension. Lee raised his head, bent moodily as he watched the fleeting car. Ling stood before him, looking like a benevolent old idol in weathered ivory.
“Bleakfas’, Lee?”
“That sounds good to me, Ling. Breakfast for everybody, the best you ever get.. Maria will help you.”
He waved a friendly hand to the men outside and walked slow-
man.

That she takes everything personally.
That a man can’t tell a woman the truth about anything must always treat her like a cute little girl who can’t be expected to understand.
You won’t convince a man these points might possibly be a lot of bunk when applied to the modern woman. Men made up their minds about women thousands of years ago don’t intend to change them.

w
.v
but



m


¦
Hallowe’en Party Entertainment
267?
and they
SIZES
36-50
J
kid gloves stuffed with wet bran should be placed where guests will come in contact with them, while skulls and long bony hands may be cut from black paper and hung from walls and chandeliers. Paper cloth and napkins with appropriate designs may be bought in the shops, also inexpensive favors, as
four-leaf clover, witches, brooms and wishbones.
FORTUNE TELLING
Among all the Hallowe’en games the following will afford much merriment: Fortune Telling by Saucers — seven small saucers are placed in a row, their contents respectively a bit of scarlet cloth, a handful of moss, a scrap of blue cloth, a branch of thorn, a cord tied in a double knot, some clean water and a twig with forked ends. The person whose fortune is to be told is blindfolded and touches a saucer with the left hand. If he pulls out a handful of moss, a life of luxury! Thorn, unhappy life; red cloth, the army, military husband; blue cloth, the navy, a naval husband ; forked stick, marry a widow or widower; clean water, single blessedness; double icnot, marriage near.
Another game not so time honored as many others, is played with a tin dipper and a washtub filled with water. The hostess sprinkles a handful of soup paste letters on the surface of the water. The player closes his eyes and scoops up some water. If he or she gathers in any letters they are the initials of the future life mate.
Here Are Some Ideas: Bobbing For Apples, Reading Your Fate In the Fire and Other Traditional Games
By LOUISE LENNOX
The smart matron instinctively chooses, simple dignified flocks, restrained in detail, well-bred in cut. This go-cverywhere dress for larger sizes incorporates these features in a flattering design, suitable for either silk or wool If you’re the tailored type, you'll choose the trim pointed collar. If you like a softer look about your face, the little shawl collar will be more suitable. Either version is right for morning or afternoon. You’ll welcome the graceful bodice treatment and the smooth-lying, “easy” skirt.
Style No. 2679 is designed for sizes 36, 38, 40, 42, 44, 46, 48 and 50. Size 36 requires 4 yards of 39-inch material for dress with inted collar.
Send 20 cents (coin is preferred) for pattern to Louise Lennox, Ro
aide St., Toronto. Write plainly your name, address and style number. Be sure to state size yon wish.
Continent Under Female Influence
Uf all the festivals of the year there is none more enjoyed by young people than All Hallow Eve, because it is an informal frolic where best clothes and company manners have been left at home.
The invitations should be n little out of the ordinary—telephone messages or jolly little notes, and the more wierd the better.
witches, black cats or owls, bearing the words “come and learn your fate on Hallowe’en at the home of—” are appropriate. The following verse may also be used: “At our house on Hallowe’en your presence is requested. There signs and omens will be seen, and fortunes will be tested.”
Very often a big kitchen is the scene of the festivity as here all the apples and fleur and water tricks can be played without much damage to the surroundings. The room may be decorated in the usual Harvest Home style with pumpkins, strings of corn, dried red peppers, autumn leaves or any spoils of garden or woodland. Candles stuck in bottles may have black eat shades. Black
ranch
Dr. Dafoe Be evea North America la In the Clutch of Feminiam — Everything Catering to Women?
course
that it wasn’t for sale, death I repeated my offer to his daughter. In the meantime, by way of being on the ground, and because it runs right up to the Circle V line along Turkey Gulch, I bought in the Rancho Ceballos when the old man died and installed an agent there.”
“Why,” Lee’s voice demanded, “when you put in your manager, did you pick out a crock like Slanty Gano?”
“We took Gano on,” said Bradish crisply, “because he knew too much. He found us in Number Three tunnel, using picks and putting samples in our grub sacks, if couldn’t be helped but it was a bad move. Gano was a quarrelsome loafer who turned out to be a scoundrel and I murdered.. Nobody regrets that more than I do, but I’m not responsible for his actions.”
Lee was looking at Stanley and slowly opening a little sheaf of
horseshoes, rabbit-fobs,
black cats,
Dr. Allan Roy Dafoe, physician to the Dionne quintuplets, was In New York on a business trip, early in October, but he had time to tell an interviewer he believed North America is in the clutch of feminism.
"See how the newspapers and magazine advertisements cater to women?” he said, and went on to list a number of other evidences of increasing feminine influence.
Dr. Dafoe passed the week-end at Ithaca, N.Y., where he spoke informally about the Quints at the Newspaper Institute, conducted by Prof. Bristow Adams of Cornell University.
the
adorned with
Cards
»?
om 421, 73 West Adel-
»? **r-
^ 1 START THE
DAY
RIGHT
o
papers.
“There is one thing more. A few days ago you made accusations which no man can overlook. You got your information from Slanty Gano. There was a thousand dollar bill in his pocket when he was caught and we know where it came from. But there was also something else which Slanty had stolen from Matt Blair’s desK the night he killed him.”
“He told me of his own accord.” said Stanley, angrily, “that you were Blair’s son and that he could prove it.”
“If you showed him your money first, he’d tell you anything you wanted to hear. I’m

m
rntiiS
m.
For Breoltfosf—Eat KELLOGG’S ALL-BRAN in Golden-Brown Muffins WMm X or os a Flavourful Cereal
Try getting rid of that early morning grouch by keeping "regular”. It can be so simple when you start the day right, eating Kellogg’s All-Bran (in muffins or as a cereal) for breakfast every morning! Your doctor will tell you common constipation is usually due to lack of intestinal bulk. Kellogg’s All-Bran supplies this needed bulk and also the intestinal tonic vitamin Bt. Order a package today. At your grocer’s, in two convenient sizes. Made by Kellogg’s in London, Canada.
"Sorro by Smringt Buy Wmr Saving» Certificat—"
m
a#
FATE IN FIRE
An open fire adds much to the success of the Hallowe’en party, beoause the nut test can be tried. Two hickory nuts, one named for
I
wo i


r ON TNE 1 PURCHASE OF A NEW
«

m
\
f.h
¦
Coleman

m

m

PRESSURE MANTLE
. LAMP \
, -
tm
$
X

r

A Radio Sensation!

B

mm
St# FI!
mk
the maiden and the other for the lover, are laid in the fire side by side. If they burn quickly a happy courtship and marriage is assured, but if they fly apart there is trouble ahead. Another nut test determines the faithfulness of A lover. Three nuts are named and placed side by side in the ashes. The nut that cracks stands for an unfaithful lover, the one that blazes bespeaks a high regard for the maiden, but the one that burns steadily she will wed.




FsdL.
S3
•«AX'


RoGtRS
QipORIST
'Upp&c
ASK YOUR DEALER

Th—’m m Muffin rocipa printed ( on orery pack eg» of Kellogg ê All-Boa*.

fxc/uJive wifh . . .
Coleman I.hiiii» A Stove Co., Ltd.
Toronto. Cumula

Dept. WO-ll
cer YOUR OUNCE OF PREVENTION tvrRr day
ISSUE 44—’40
Listen to London DIRECT
H
###PAGE###8###
B













i









h -#

Look Here
Servie© Announcement (Cemetery Donations
Dr. D. J. Campbell, treasurer of the Cemetery Fund, acknowledges, with thanks, the following donations;—
Shaw ville Women’s Institute. @50 00
C. L. Dale .......
Mrs. F. F. Corrigan...
Hospital Donations
Shawvillb United Church
Rev A. F. Foxes B. A., B.D. PA3tor
Sunday, November 10
11.00 a.m.—Service at Shawville . 1.30 p.tn.—Service at Zion.
3.00 p.m.—Service at Starks Corners
For Sale, Wants, Found,
Lost, etc.
FUR GOATS
The Board of Managers of the Po n-tiac Community Hospital thank the following people for donations to the hospital :—
« ' .
JdS. Caldwell—1 bag carrots, 4 cab ¦¦¦ e ¦ bage ; Melvin Armstrong—2 bags car- Sermon subject : rots, 1 bag turnips, 1 bag beets ; Rev. | “A modern s.n—passing the buck
Sobbc—cabWge and tergips ; Alf,
Armstrong—1 bag potatoes, 2 citrons.	¦
1 basket carrots : Jas. Judd — 2 bags “Funeral Pyres for Dictators potatoes ; Rev. Carrie-Mills —#1 bag ” carrots ; Mrs A. Horner—jelly and relish ; Miss E. Macfarlane, 5 jars relish;
James Quinn and E. T. Leahy representatives of Dept, of Game and Fisheries, Que be;, 1 lot of fish.
o
... @2.00
. . .@2.00
Wan ted—A good boy to help with chores through the winter. Apply to H. J. CuTHBeitson.
• •
Mr. John R. McDowell, Treasurer of Maple Grove Cemetery, acknowledges with thanks, the following donations.
Mrs. Donald Baker---
a reliable
I have made arrangements with Furrier, in Ottawa, to handle their Fur Coats.
For Sale - One ¥ horse power engine and one saw carriage In excellent condition, Cattle taken as payment. Apply to Kenneth Pi tie.
7.30 p.m.—Service at Shaw ville
To those interested in buying Fur Coats, 1
would suggest that you get in by phone, by mail, or
.. ..@2.00
touch with
LOST—Between Bristol Corners and the Elliot Pump Factory a double Iron pulley. Finder please call Roy Elliott Reward offered.
by coming into the
Bristol United Church Rev. C. Armstrono-Sai.e B.D.
Sunday, November 10
Service at Service at Service at
Mr. Leslie Dean will be the preacher.
me
\
store.
Fur prices are rising rapidly and now is the time to make your buy !
I
Wilson’s Garage.
FOR SALE—One Short Horn Bui Calf and two Shoit Horn Heifers, all red anb eligible for registration. Apply to Hulbkrt Armstrong,' Box 00. Shaw ville Que.
\

The Same Reliable Serv'ce
11.00
St. Andrew's, Knox Austin
!
r‘ T
3.00

7.30
OARD OF THANKS

Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service

CHRISTMAS CARDS-lie sure and order your Christmas Cards early. Personal and boxed assortments from $1.00 Would appreciate your order, Kay OODLEY, Shaw ville.
We wish to express our sincere thanks toourmxny friends, neighbors and relatives for kindness, sympathy and beautiful floral offerings during the loss of our dear mother.
Buffalo Coats a Specialty


ANGLICAN
Ford Service
Sunday, November 10
FUR SALE-Yorkshlre Boar, 2A year old. Will exchange for quantity of pressed straw Apply to J. C. Glenn, Bristol, Que. Phone 10—4.
FOR SALK—One Scotch Diamond Harrow ; one disc seed drill ; one Deer ing Binder ; one McCormick harrow ; one disc harrow. Apply to W. C. Yovnu, Maryland, *
The Taber Family.
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
St Paul’s
8.00 a. m.—Holy Communion 10.00 a.m.—Sunday School
Holy Communion
Revolutionary Method

Norris E. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
J. P. Wilson
For Treating of Cancer
Classic experimental subjects of cancer investigators are mice. On mice are tested serums, diets, i X-rays, poultices—all manner of remedy and theory—before the treatment is made available for use on humans.
i Two investigators who reversed this process are Drs. Temple Fay and Lawrence Smith of Philadelphia. They announced a revolutionary new method of treating cancer— the so-called “frozen sleep” treatment.
Working on the theory that cold would kill the growth of cancer cells in the human body, they packed I Greerirount cancer patients in cracked ice un- Cbarteris, til their temperature dropped be-	Grecrmount and Cbarteris there
low 90—previously thought to be Xvill be a Missionary Service with the the lowest body temperature at | j>ev f. E. R. Nurse, as special preacher. Which life could be sustained. Though the cold did not kil^them, it put the
patients to sleep, with their normal IHHHHHMViV body processes dropping to a point I \\e wish to take this opportunity of near death. The patients were kept thanking all our kind neighbours and in their cold coma for five days. I friends for their many kind and thought-The result of this treatment, de- j fu| j^ds during our recent bereave-clared Drs. Fay and Smith, was check tissue damage caused by cancer and to promote healing in a number of cases.
Other successes were reported.
Meanwhile, three cancer researchers in Santa Monica, Calif., decided to apply the treatment to cancerous mice. The report of Fritz Bis-choff, Louisa Long and J. Jerome Rupp to the International Cancer Research foundation in Philadelphia disclosed that so far as mice were concerned, “frozen sleep” was a failure.	t
After subjecting mice to the cold coma (24 hours), it was discovered
11.00 a.m.
7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
Holy Trinity -Evening Prayer St. Luke’s
Service Withdrawn
The Rev. K. C. Bolton will be in charge of the afternoon and evening service.
FOR SALE—Floor oilcloth and furn iture. Apply to Mrs. Reid, Main Street. Shawville.
3.00 p. m.
P
FOH SALE—Comfortable dwelling house on Main Street. For further na:-titulars apply to Mrs. John F. Dalk, Shawyille.
Pulpwood Wanted
R

DALE’S TINSHOP
I am prepared to purchase green of peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood, F.O,B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways, or delivered to road side for pick up ^y trucks Phone or write,
J M. ARGUE,
Shawville, Que.
FOR SALE—Purebred Tam worth Boar ; g rade Oxford Breeding Ewes. Apply to vLAUDK Elliot, It. R. I, Shawville. Phone 6—2H.
North Clarendon Parish
Rev. K. Pol ton, Incumbent
Sunday, November 10
North Onslf w, Morning Prayer, 10.30
, Evening Prayer,
Evening Prayer,
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS _

Farm For Sale or Rent
3*00
7.00
Phone 76
2<>0 acres—125 acres of bush well-timbered, stave wood and lumber acres tillable land, with lots of water ;
2	saw mills ready to use ; planing mill ; shingle saw ; five head horses, three
3	year old two 5 year-old ; two cows ; three heifers ; barn with season's
Will rent or sell. For further particulars apply to
WALTER ELLIOTT,
Shawville, Quebec
Full Stock of
Findlay Heaters and Ranges
75
Farm For Sale
Ll
One hundred acres of Clay Loam Farm well fenced, lots of water, fair buildings, two miles East of Shawville, Lot 5 on the 5th Range of Clarendon.
Apply to
Card of Thanks
milk
m
crop in, not threshed.
BEN YOUNG,
Now is the timpto have your Furnace and’!; Pipes checked
over.
ment
Shawville, Que.
Phone 11G
Harper Emmerson and Sisters
j
3

re
Leslie Dale
Shawville, Quebec

,NXXxx'v XX\vX^V
I
r
ternment in the church cemetery.
The pall bearers were, Messrs. ,
XVesley Nicholson, Harry Creigh-	fhe size of the malignant growths
ton, Kobt. Fitzsimmons, Harold	in the mice had decreased, but only
Poole, Russell and Clifford Tuber.	I	about as much as would have been
Mrs. James	Moffatt announces	the j A number of beautiful floral tri-1	expected by reducing the amount
engagement	of	her	youngest	butes were received,	of food eaten. Most important, aft-
daughter, Alley Esther Florence,	------• ¦ ¦ -	| cr a short time the cancer tumors
to Robert Wilson and Mrs R. J. Tracy, to take place shortly.

ENGAGEMENT
T
%
v\\\\W^XYX
Swlw» *%%% »%%M
Moffatt—Tracy
, son of Mr. i Mai riage

regained their growth, thus proving the freezing had no permanent effect on the mice.
Cecil Victor Emmerson
A feeling of sorrow, accompanied with sympathy for the bereaved, prevaded the district of North Bristol, Nov. lit, when it became known that Victor Emmerson had | Dairy Industry to Make I passed away after a prolonged ill. ness. He was taken to Pontiac Community* Hospital, Shawville, on Sunday, Oct. 20th where death

NEW SIXES AND EIGHTS
W
Deaths
America Milk Conscious

Mrs. Thomas Darrell
Dairymen of America have awak-to	they
The funeral of Mrs, Thomas ; ensued-	I getting their share of the nation's
Darrell, who died Thursday, Oct. j The late Mr.	.u"a:i food dollar and they are going to
31st, at her home in Bryson, was |	May loth, JSJu, at Bristol advertise their product nationally,
held on Saturday afternoon to Ridge, where he,en gaged in farm- Details of the campaign to make Bryson United Church and ce me- mg until he became ill.	. America a* nation of milk drinkers
ïsssiepsi
time	The funeral took place on Sun- | As a result, dairying is suffering
Surviving are three con» :	Art- day afternoon with many neigh from under consumption, he added,
thur, of Calumet Island. Que.;	hours and friends attending to	Surveys	show	that	only 25 per	cent
Herbert of Sudbury • Clifford of	tender their last tribute of respect	of	the	adult	population drinks	milk
Minnow’ Lake, Ont,;’ two daugh Following a private service at the | steadily, ters, Maude, of Ottawa, and Gei home of the deceased s sister, Mrs. tlm, at home ; two sisters, Mrs Gordon Smith, a service was con-Thus. Wilson, of Westmeath, and	ducted at the Penecostal Church
Mrs. John Warren, of Kendal,	by Rev. b. Routley During the
Sask ; two brothers, James and	service a duet ‘‘There8 no dis
Arthur Olmstead, of Saskatche* appointment in Heaven was ren wan.	de red by Rev. and Mrs. Routley.
After	the 23rd
Routley spoke from the text Matt.
9. 24—“He is not dead; but sleep eth.”
. . tud
Bn.UA her maiden „.m, j	Z.tTL'
n,rai irib"te" S”d.ssTw isa-sr z
Annie MeCorriston. She was Among those from a distance at university's 1,000-acre ranch for mai ned Jo years ago and took up tending the funeral was the de* Uheir laboratory and live stock
t'SirJ *,S	NOTICE	S* ZJT&JSZ hifch ’and
Wyman Women's Institute.	-- I how to choose beefsteak on the hoof.
2 “S§I3. :
warren, Man ; Mrs. Alex Smith ofJ Hr?1jr8 Magazine, Joronto, will he But before a student can qualify Moohomm, Saak. ; Mrs. John B. carrl , on ^or fnot«er year- All entries for this course, he must have a good Duff, of Maryland. Que., and Mrs. nmH ^ sent in to the secretary, Missj general education in farm manage-George Nesbitt at home Her bus Ah hie I richard, Wyman, by November ment. The students wear regular band died seven years ago.	H»th, ** the first judging will be done COwboy clothes and Warn the lingo
The funeral was held from her this Fall and the second in the late Sum- ! ^ *be cowboys, late home on Friday afternoon to mer of next year. The entry fee is fifty 1 Quyon Anglican Church with in' ; cents,	i

'--4
¦

!
1!



A-A


t









*v.a

tt >41 i(Lj



V
A*-fr»:
m
A like percentage drinks it occasionally and 50 per cent are nonusers, ^ie declared.
Dr. Prior is secretary of the Washington State Dairy Products commission.
The recently organized American Dairy association of which he is vice president proposes to raise a national advertising fund.
m.


t


/
Ith

.WI



un

niuttrateti—Spccia l Four-Door Sedan
¦
m

4
lIF
JSn
W/A
With all flags flying, Oldsmobile swings into 1941 with a new, low-priced Special a stunning new Dynamic Cruiser Six...and a magnificent Custom Cruiser Eight! And that ^ not all! The 1941
Oldsinobiles are bigger—with long wheelbase and wider tread. They re
with wider rear seats.They’re
an improved

s«
r6duce<l
Six
ft»"*
Mrs. Charles Taber
• • •
Sky


ca*-9
Dude Ranching in College
Dude ranching being one of Wyoming’s biggest industries, Wy-

er
»
in
roomier
more powerful — with 100 h.p. Olds Engine in all six-cylinder models. They’re more comfortable— with a finer Rhythmic Ride. And all Oldsmobile models for 1941 are offered with Hydra Malic Drive! See Olds-mobile at our showrooms—today!
0-141B
John L. Hodglns,
Quebec
Shawville
