###PAGE###1###





&
A; »*- Z


4
• « ¦
N.. So, 50th Year
SHAWVILLE,
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United States
PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1939
i
Bristol Busy Bees Institute will meet et the home of Miss Lenore
Omni, Friday af ter noon, January I Mrs. Merviti Fades spent the liiOth, at three o’clock. Program:-” week end with relatives in Hunt An address by Miss Grace Me real. Êggg
Kecbnle.	Senator H, B. Horner, of Blaln
Shawvllle United Y. P. U. are Uke, Saak.. spent the week end présenté»!g their morality play, m town and vicinity.
feSSSteîââSflgsrmss
as It win given at Shaw ville, The Miss Dorothy [raison spent the] Little, of Çhkwville, a son. entire proceeds will go to the new week-end atthe home of herds ter. hall fund, as the Y. V U. are giv Mrs. Jim Johnson, In Montreal.
log the presentation to help Mrs. R W. Hod gins spent the Starks Corners hall. Prices jG ana week-end with her daughter, Miss 15 cents.	Owen Hod gins, in Ottawa.
PERSONAL MENTION
BORN
Cowling
LADIGUR*-At Shswville Com munit y Hospital on Saturday, January 14th, 1980. to Mr. and Mrs Emile Ladig ier, of Bristol, a daughter, France"
Shawville Hardware
Business College

38 Bank Street Ottawa, Canada
The only business school in this district that measures up to the standard set by the Business Educators1 Association of Canada— the highest in the Dominion.
Enter any time. Individual instruction
•t

Bush Supplies
Axes
MARRIED
Lauohrbn-Greer
CORRECTION—In the reference to Mr. end Mm. W. J. Hayes visited I St. Matthew’s Anglican Rectory, the funeral of Jame* r. Carson their daughter, Dorothy, end aon, Schumacher, Ont, at five o'clock published last week, one of the Mahloo, in Toronto, foi the week-K»n Tuesday. Dec 17, 1986, when
taut* aggssn B9iB5@
Bristol this week.	I aon of Mrs Langhren and the late
*	Mm. Gordon Maxwell of South Mr Wm. Laugh ten. of Charter!*,
MÊÈ	Hull, Que, «pent the week-end at Que. Rev. Gonon R 8. Cushing
the home of her grandmother, Mrs. officiated.
Wm. Elliott, In town.	I The bride was becomingly attlr-
¦Bp
sttdhsi5&	',d*
Mrs. G. A Howard, the retiring R°P°rt Successful Year
Swede Sawe Gross Cut Sawe
Axe, Saw and Splitting Wedgee
Axe and Saw Handlea
Coil Chain Hooka
W. E. COWUMC, President
M. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
HARLAND 0. ROWAT
and
% NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
•HAWVILLE, QUE.
Oarici — In the G. F. Uodglns Building Main Street, Que.
•t Peel's Gelid
J. OSCAR LAFLAM1HE
Solicitor, oto.
Ornes : Campbell's Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
Est. C. J. Caldwell
CLINTON H. DOWD
i. A, LL. B., C.L. Advocate, Barrister, etc.
Mam Street . • Hull, Que. Phone, Sher. 1364
At Pontiac House, Shawville, Que e eery Friday evening.

in
1
STOCKTAKING
- SPECIALS
Rev. W J. H. Lummis Well-known Here
¦¦e
hostess.
DONAT Le GUERRIER
¦.a., ll. a..
Notary Public
CAWBEU’S IAY, QUEBEC
Branch at Qoyon ; will call any Monday on request.
Matters dealt with by correspondence
Some Real Bargains Quantities Limited
First Here Hurry
Dp. R. E. DAQG
SURGEON DENTIST
of
the
Street MONTREAL. QUE.
First Served
F14TEAU ISM
Hurry
Hurry
Arrangements have h*nn «•nm.
BPS
singing of hymn. After a bnef hand *11 t ie wap.	event._______________
business period the roll wan celled Ebert Richardson netted Shew. | ^==v	-	----
and answered by *11 present with ville s only counter. Qnyons a verse ronteing either “prelee" < r worera were, J. Murphy, who “prayer." The scripture, Luke 15: pl-tyed *o on.tsndin* game, with 1-W| was read by tira. Sale». 5 : LBoyer. T. Quigg. M Lemne Mrs. Andrew Russel! and Mrs. and Doug. Boland with one each.
Rales led in nraver The third The teams were :	Under the »n-p w ,.f <j a
chanter of the study book, “The Qnyon—Goal. W. Smith; defence, Howard * Sons, local dealers of Church Reache. Out" was given ; U> Boland and J. Trudeau ; wings, Frost & Wood Farm Impliments, Mrs. Bailey asking the questions Boyer and Knox ; centre, Murphy; an ii.Verw.uiiK and Mrs. W. J. Murray replying "“be, Lepine, Quigg, Manary, pictures will be screened .at th.
tee S
Mrs. Sales thanked»the members	Dagg, Elliott, E. Richardson, manufacture into operation 1
for their kindness in presenting F Way, K. Hodgins, W. Howard, a great deal of valuable informa her with a life membership before *nd J. Richardson.	tlon wlll be gained.
Christmas	___m	# »	Admission is absolutely tree and
Mint Grace McKechnie read n „	4 .	all are cordially invited to attend
most Interesting. letter she had I Mr^NAlton K. Smpy
* * m
S	AlMojrl.’» Hol.l, CampbcH'.B.y,
Rev. and Mre. J. Weaver of Shaw- every Wednesday aeriiai. ville, sang as* a duet, f'Htoodatebt and Good morning/*	Interment
was made j|p Map|$Grove United In the opening game of Pontiac I cemetery, Shaw ville :± Rev. A. F County senior hockey league, on Pokes, conducted the committal Wednesday night of last week, service. Many beautiful floral played at Shawville arena, Fort tributes testified of the respect
Coulonge defeated Shawville in held for her, among them being a	HULL QUEBEC
a fast and rather rough game by a wreath from Bethel Pentecostal	¦
score of 2 to 1. Both goals for Fort assembly of Ottawa. i-	At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell'# Bay,
Dale and Hyndmnn.	the late Mr. and Mrs. Henry At Pontiac House, Sbewfille, every
The t* >ims were :	Smiley. After her marriage she
Fort Oonlonge—Goal, Shea ; de-1 lived at Davidson, Que., for 20 fence, Baron and B. Davis ; centre, years, and the last 15 years in La port: wings, Dempsey and Reon; Bristol.	?
subs, Neville, Doyle, Ladouceur, Left to mourn her loss besides! il%P4lll. — mkeufui »¦»
T'8ï:ï:flr.d-K” ir	I clarence t. brownlee
H Dale and Langford ; centre, daughters, Mrs. Harvey Pilgrim,
Hyndman ; wings, Clemente and of Haley s Station ; Mrs Melvin,	.........
Red Dale : sntn, Young, Elliott, L Stanley, Charteris, amd Mrs Earl | MUTUAL LIFE ASSUIANCI Co.
Dale, Judd, Gibsoo* jr	IQaflsgher of Winchester Springs ;
Referees, M. Mulligan, of Fort also one brother, Robert Smiley,
and À. Newton, of » of Ottawa and one slater Mrs. R. J.
f,	Cartman of Stark’s Corners,
DQ. WALUCE J. W. HODGINS
Surgeon Dentist
Ml 503
Canadian Wheeling Yarn
1,000 Skeins Canadian Wheeling Tarn All three-ply, mostly grey, some grey
and white, \ pound Hanb 2 Haiiks for 26c
1224 St. CtllioriM Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
on
The
HUM 3217
Free Educational Pictures
D. J. CAMPBELL
Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
Yard Goods
700 Yards of Dry Goods, assorted yard goods some broadcloth, shirting, curtain nets, cottons, etc., etc.
Special at 2 yards for 25 CtS,
¦
Phone SI,
.IUWtlt.il
s $
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone
At Campbell s Bay from Friday right Monday night of each wee*.'
nn«
Ladles Silk Stockings
500 Pairs Ladies Silk Stockings. Regular $1.00, Mercury Chiffon and Service weights, mostly dark shades.
Out they go at 69 cts. per pair
to
H. K. NEILSON, WI.D.*
Eye, Ear, Nose a mi Threat Specialist
MKDICAL AST» BUILDING
ISO METCALFE STREET.
OTTAWA, - ONT.
MOM, 1-7M1
Ladles Dresses
25 Only Ladies Dresses taken from the regular stock values to $5.95.
; i	Out they go at $2.49
Fort Coaleeg# Takes First
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
Xdwtxict of Pentlsc
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
O
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
MOM, Î--M19
1SI MAIN SHEET,
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
Remnants--Yes all kinds of them
Tuesday from 6.00 to 6.00 p.m.
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
REPRKSfcNTINO
Shawville
Quebec
OF CANADA,
hsaetl- 7,1. 1, Shawriile Que. SHAWVILLE
Cou longe, Shawville.
QUE
###PAGE###2###
/
Marmora Factory
100 Per Cent. No. 1
Says Five Basic Elements Make Up Personality
Physique, Intelligence, Emotion and Instinct, Also Habit — First Four Inherited, Declares British Columbia Psychiatrist
Ontario’s “Main Street” Looked Like This
VOICE OF THE PRESS
News
Parade
By Elizabeth Eedy
r
»
A provincial record U believed to have been established by Cook's cheese factory, Marmora, Ontario, this season as records reveal that every cheese made by the factory during the past year received a No. 1 grade.
Hugh Moloney Is president and Roy Colby Is chcesemaker.
Average Price 13.9c A Pound
Tho amount of milk received and the number of cheeses produced this year is lower than many of the other factories of Hastings county, but records of the grading office at Belleville show that grading percentage Is believed unequalled by any other county factory.
Average price for cheese last season was 13.9 cents; 11.4 pounds of milk were required to make one pound of cheese.
k
ONCE IN A LIFETIME Something's wrong! Hogs went up 60 cents Just when taxes were due. — Farmer's Advocate.
THE LAST SESSION: Eyes
focus on Ottawa this week as the 1939 session of Parliament opens. It may be the last session before
and
i
OUR FAVORITE ROBBER
A snooty bandit refused to take $100 from him Intended victim, declaring that It wasn't enough to bother with. If this thing keeps up. most of us will be quite safe. — Chatham News.
the next general election important things are happening in Canada. There are sure to he fireworks in the House when the Dominion's attitude toward the Empire during the Czecho slovak cris-
fov discussion; and

5*
In these days when so many people place responsibility for character on other things than the home, it is interesting to read the opinion of a British Columbia psychiatrist on “Personality Development of the Pre-School Child.” Writing in the December issue of the Canadian Nurse, Dr. Arthur M. Gee of the Provincial Mental Hospital, Essondale, says that personality is derived from five basic elements — physique, intelligence, emotion, instinct and habit. The first four are inherited, the fifth acquired.
As to habit, he says: “We are born without habits and we spend the greater part of our lives acquiring habits, good or bad. The baby spends his first years learning habits of nursing, habits of hygiene, walking and talking. Slowly the personality begins to unfold as the child begins to feel his security and realizes he is an individual within the family constellation. With increasing emotional maturity, he is gradually weaned away from his complete physcal and emotional dependence upon his mother. The day comes when he must step out from his home and its security to enter a new world at school, where he is thrown more or less on his own resources. Here he learns new habit patterns. The foundation that he has received during his pre-school life will to a great extent form the pattern to which his later life will conform.
Give Opportunity For Learning
"The problem of personality formation and character building is not a matter of specific teaching but of offering children at each level of their development

i
4:.
WM
f
>





n comes up when C.C.F. members start asking questions of the government. Hon. Dr. R. J. Manion will appear for the first time as Conservative leader. The session may have to adjourn, if work is not completed in time, to make way for the Royal visit in May.


LET THE MOTHS HAVE IT James Brown, a weather prophet of Port Stanley, says we will have nothing more than ten below this winter, eo It's hardly worth dusting off the heavy underwear. — Peterborough Examiner.
&

<4
I m
ST#

*
V.w
(

»

0

Ignorance Still
Rampant T~d?.y
SHEPHERDS AND THEIR CROOKS
Quoth the Woodstock Sentinel-Review: “It had nothing to do with the festive season that political shepherds In Ontario are watching their flocks by night." Rut keeping one eye on the falling stars. — Stratford Beacon Herald.
SOCIETY NOTE: From a Canadian Press dispatch we learn that Ottawa debutante can be launched for a top cost of about $1,500 compared with the $50,000 spent on some New York debbies’ coming-out parties. And you can’t tell us that the New York girls have $48,500 worth more fun! On the contrary. This year Canadian debs may even be presented to royalty, a privilege that their American cousins can’t buy.

*

i
an

There is a boy in Great Britain who thinks Queen Victoria is still on the Throne; boys who cannot tell the time, name more than two or three months in the year, or even give the year in which they live. The Governor of Feltham Borstal Institution says: “The abysmal depth of ignorance from which 7 or 8 years of State education has failed to rescue many of the lads received here—or to which they have reverted after two or three years of complete mental vacuity—would be inconceivable and probably incredible to anyone not in touch with tira problem.”




Scores of Ontario towns were completely isolated following the worst blizzard to hit the province in recent years. Hundreds of citizens began digging themselves out from under the blanket of snow which, driven by heavy gales formed drifts similar to these in the main street of Orangeville. In isolated sections of the province highways were impassable and train service disrupted.
WHY NOT BAN THEM 7
Has it occurred to the Dominion Government that some good might he done by prohibiting the Importation or manufacture of pistols and revolvers except by special permit and for certain specified purposes? There would, admittedly, be some smuggling and some "bootlegging” done; but close watch at border customs offices and strict inspection of manufacturing plants would keep breaches of the law to a minimum. — Owen Sound Sun-Times.
—O—
EUROPE, 1939:	One British
official in London this week look-forward to another critical international politics said:
Start Northern Highways Soon
More Canadians Use Electricity
It Plays An Important Part in Our Home Life and Cities Enjoy Most Bene-
mg
year in
"If we can get through 1939 without war, I think the danger will be over for several years.”
Right you are, sir thing in a nutshell. But how to get through 1939. that is the question, without a major war breaking out in Europe.
There are two ways to stop a (brewed by Hitler, Mussolini). One way is to give them all they ask for and let them go ahead (that’s been the method followed to date). The other is for the "have” countries (Great Britain, France, the U.S., etc.) who hold the money-bags to refuse financial aid to Germany, Italy. We know the regimes of Hitler and Mussolini arc perennially near collapse. A little less support from the democracies would cause them to
Construction Projects To Be Carried Out With Aid of Dominion and Provincial Governments
Towns
The whole
fit
A tenth of the $2.000.00 recently appropriated by the Dominion and Ontario Governments for highway construction In Northern Ontario will be spent In the Sudbury area. James M. Cooper. Liberal member of the Ontario Legislature for Sud-
Low-cost electricity, developed principally from abundant waterpower, plays an important part in Canadian home life. Apart from bringing relief and convenience to the housewife, this widespread and substantial use of electricity has created a large and comparatively stable market for electrical power and appliances which is of marked benefit to producer and consumer alike. The domestic service consumption or the electricity used in residences in Canada has Increased steadily, even during the worst years of the depression.
Our Water-Power Resource»
This general use of electricity is not confined to urban areas, as electric transmission lines now range far and wide bringing current to the farms of rural districts where water pumps, feed choppers, cream separators, and other such machinery is electrically operated.
Electric power is cheaper in some parts of Canada than elsewhere in North America, as the Dominion is richly endowed with water-power resources which supply about 98 per cent, of the electrical energy produced.
appropriate opportunity for learning. through direct participation and experience. Parents cannot hope to live one way and instruct their children in another. Children, in their personality formation, will reflect their home and their parents in spite of every effort to teach them better.”
AND SPORT
Is sport sport any more?
This is a question that not a few Sooltes who have Interested themselves In the promotion of sport are beginning to ask themselves.
What Is the use of providing playing fields and rinks, they ask, if in order to get teams to use them it Is necessary for a business concern or a few private Individuals to put up the money to outfit them?
There is growing feeling that the youthful players In a variety of sports, not only In the Sault, but elsewhere, are being spoiled by the attention that is being lavished oil them and that all to often sport for sport's sake Is being lost In sport for advertising's sake. There are even stories of a Toronto amateur football team whose members would not turn out for practise unless a motor car was sent around lo to pick them up. — Sault Ste. Marie Star.
SPORT
war
bury, maya
Cooper paid a visit last month to Toronto, where a tentative list of the projects was discussed by officials of the Ontario Department of
He said most of the
Highways money would be spent on the section of the Trans Canada highway between Sudbury and Hagar, about 20 miles east of Sudbury.

topple over
e
o

Y
THE YEAR JUST PAST: Interest taken by Canadians in Canadian politics rose to its peak in 1938 with the international crisis, fell with the approach of Christmas and the New Year festive sea-Now we’re looking about us again to see what is happening in the Dominion.
It’s worthwhile, however, to check up what has gone before. During the year just past, the chief interest on the Canadian political front was furnished by activity in the Conservative Party (retirement of Rt. Hon. R. B. Bennett, choice of his successor, selection of a new Conservative leader in Ontario); the controversy between Prime Minister King and Ontario’s Mitchell F. Hepburn came to a head at year’s end; the visit of President Roosevelt to Canada during the summer was a milestone in the history of Canadian - American relations (“the United States will not stand idly by”) ; during 1938 Canada decided to go in for defense (army, navy, air) in a bigger way; the Royal Commission on Dominion-Provincial relations completed its investigations, early in the spring to make its report.
In the foregoing events of the past year are contained the seeds of political happenings, trends in Canada during 1939.
THE WEEK’S QUESTION:
Why is Poland important at the present moment? Answer: German ambitions to penetrate the Ukraine—repeated of late in Nazi newspapers—would have a grave effect on Poland, which includes 3,000.000 Ukrainians in the region adjoining the Soviet Ukraine. Poland is beginning to believe that co-operation with Russia is the best safeguard of her interests, and is turning a cold shoulder on Germany (who needs Poland’s aid if further expansion eastward is to be made). Last week Poland and Russia signed a trade treaty which is expected to multiply thirty-fold the trade between the twv nations.
Conserving The Trumpeter Swan
4
4
i
I
i
Canada Maintains A Special Winter Garden Service for the Protection of North America’s Largest Waterfowl
son
m
i

I
*
t
Canada maintains
OTTAWA a special winter garden service for the protection of the trumpeter swan, the largest waterfowl in North America. Sometimes, when the wintering grounds are frozen over, the duties of these officers include the feeding of the swans. To prevent the starvation of the birds in severe weather, it is necessary to supply them with barley or other grain, and at one wintering ground in British Columbia a supply of grain is taken in by pack-horse from tne nearest settlement, a distance of seventy-five miles.
I
Indians May Make King Their Chief
%
i
Less Music Being Played on Radio
Six Nations Indians Plan to Confer Chieftainship on King George V During His Visit Here
i
Canadian Broadcasting Corporation Test Shows 45.12 Per Cent, of Programs Are of Other Types
King George VI may be initiated into a lineage of rulers older even than the monarchy of England when he visits Canada next summer. Plans to confer a chieftainship in Canada's Six Nations Indian tribe upon the King are being considered by the Toronto Indian Council.
Dr. J. J. Sussmuth. assistant sachem of the council, said the honor will be conferred upon King George if the royal itinerary permits. If possible, the ceremony will be held on the Six Nations Reserve at Ghswekcn, near Brantford. If not, the Indians will come to Toronto and go through the ancien1 ritual.
The ceremony will be identical with that by which the Indians honored their rulers long before white man ever set foot in Canada. The procedure was almost universal among them, and varied but little among the different tribes. Dr. Sussmuth said.

Brew Upton’s as weak as yon please, you’ll never find it insipid. For Upton’s is a $mall leaf blend of the finest teas grown and richness linger in every exhilarating cupful. Buy Upton’s today. Three distinctive grades : Red label. Orange label, Yellow label (Upton’s Finest).
%
3
Time devoted to broadcasting music Is dimlnshlng, and "popular” music Is also giving way before the classical productions, Brooke Clax-ton, Montreal lawyer and counsel for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, told the Copyright Appeal Board at Ottawa last week.
A test undertaken during the first week of November by the eight stations of the CGC showed that of the total broadcasting time 65.88 per cent, was devoted to music. This represented 7,425 hours out of a 13.7 hour broadcasting day.
its flavour
• es
Mostly In B.C.
At one time this magnificent bird was common from the Pacific Coast to the Middle West, but it now has disappeared from all excep; the most westerly part of its former range in Canada. At present most of the trumpeter swans in existence in Canada are found in British Columbia, and the number which assemble on the more important wintering grounds is estimated to be about five hundred.
Provided Swansdown
In the early days the trumpeter swan was hunted for its plumage. which helped provide the valuable swansdown of commerce, but now both the trumpeter and the whistling swan are protected at all times by the Migratory Birds Treaty.
FREE !
package». They art rxehune tablt far Wm. Rogwt A Son 8iher plate. Write for premium book to That. J. Uplan Limited. Upton Bldg., Toronto.
IHA
I
Holland's partial mobilization in the recent war crisis cost $55.000,:
Tull •'kaitoured¥ E

000
i
A London expert estimates that there are more than 32.000 different coins in the world.

By L. Frank Baum
WONDERLAND OF OZ


vk

I

VJ

m

fa
f
A
i
Bottled History |
\
it I'kX
*/•


v
Workmen engaged in excavations for a new building in South Melbourne came across a bottle of Dublin stout, believed to be eighty years old. How it got there is a mystery. The River Yarra once flowed over the area. Its historical value is greater if left unopened.
k
* *

• #
V
\

4
X

3%
1
?%»
v
Â
• •
s.-z

lie went nn hi» wh> unir In- %vn«
across Ripple Mnd. when
On leaving the lirowleywoge General Ouph had to recross the Ripple Wand, and he did not find It m plena-nnt thing to do. Perhaps having him whiskers pulled out one hy one and being uaed am a pin cushion for the Innocent amusement of a good-natured Jailer had not Improved the collection of the wrong» he had gnome raved and raged at the re-collectlonn of the wrong» he had auffared and vowed to take reng-up oa the Orowleywoge after d uaed them for hie purpose Os had been conquered.
he became seasick and the reel of the way thle naughty gnome whp almost aa miserable aa he deserved to be. But when he reached the plains again and the ground warn firm under hla feet, he felt belter and Instead of going home he turned directly to the west. A squirrel pen-bed la • tree saw him take this r«o.d and cabled to him ”!x>ok out!" buf he paid bo attention. A bird paused in Its flight to look at him wonderlng-ly and eay "Look out!" but on he
Hut flrat they thanked Mie# fut-trnrlip for hep courteay. "Any friend of Princess Osma la welcome here unless he sneezes. ' said the queen with a severe look at Uncle Henry. "I like to have visitors admire my village and I hope you will c*’’ on us again." Mica Cuttencllp h. «elf led them to the door In the wall, and as they passed along the street the |	at them half
doors and wlnd-
"Why
that sneeze warn am hmd na a Kansas cyclone." and then she helped Ml*s Cuttencllp rescue the paper folk and stand them on their feet again. Two of the cardboard houses had also had their porchea damaged and the little queen mild she would have to repair them and paste them together be for they could be lived In again. And now fearing they might do more damage to the flimsy pie, they decided to go away.
So little/' Dorothy said
The British territorial army will make its anti-aircraft units 90.000 strong within a year, v V -,
Because no wolves are known to exist in South Africa, the game authorities are investigating reports that the animals have ap-d in the Nambi Desert.
paper dolls peeped fearfully from the owe. Perhaps they will never forget Uncle Henry's powerful sneeze.
he he endn 1
r
###PAGE###3###
%
Trapping Goes “Streamlined”
Canada’s Mud May Have Great Value
zpected to
, Worth Mil-
First Tests
New High-Altitude Land Plane P
What Science * Is Doing *
Southern Lakes Yield Pure Silica lions of Dollars
Canada’s Oldest Business Has Been Transformed Bv Plane and Radio

M

Mud worth millions of dollar# has been discovered In the northern United States by Paul Conger, of the U. S. National Museum.
The mud looks like ordinary ipuck, but really Is made mostly of dfatoms, microscopic marine animal shells which are pure sfl-
Dr. Conger said he found this kind of mud in 64 lake bottoms and bogs in Northern Wisconsin. When the mud was dried and the organic matter burned off, the residue was commercially valuable “diatomecious earth.” This earth Is used for fine filters, such as sugars and fruits, for heat insulation, tile-making and many other purposes.
Study of the Wisconsin lakes, Mr. Conger said, shows that similar diatomaceous muds will be found in lakes of Southern Canada as well as Minnesota, Michigan, New York and New England.
SEE THROUGH STEEL
Blx Inches of steel or two or three feet of aluminum alloy are is transparent as plate glass to the mew X ray equipment developed at the National Research Council laboratories, Ottawa.
The new X-ray apparatus takes an electric current at 600,000 volte through the biggest X-ray tube used for Industrial radiography In North America.
î
Canada's oldest business — trapping—baa been through use of the aeroplane and wireless. The swift drama of modern methods has replaced the picturesqueness of the canoe and the portage.
The majority of the estimated •00 to 400 trappers operating in the Northwest Territories and remote Northern regions of British Columbia, Alberta and Saskatchewan now take full advantage of commercial aviation and widespread radio facilities of the Royal Canadian Corps of Signals.
To Civilization In Few Hours
Each fall Edmontoi> commercial aviation firms carry north nearly 160 trappers, their dogs traps and provisionaH the winter aeroplanes call at the trappers’ cabins or the nearest post and freight the furs to market. In the spring the modern Coureur de Bois are whisked from the loneliness of their trap lines to civilization in a few hours.
Besides eliminating many weeks on the trail to and from the trapping ground, the aeroplane enables trappers to locate new ground quickly after old lines have been "trapped out.”
"streamlined'*
¦*; ,



lea
:


i
MAKING GLASS INVISIBLE
Discovery of a coating that makes glasa Invisible Is announced by Dr. Katharine B. Blodgett, noted woman scientist in Schenectedy,
The glass never reflects light from any angle whatever dial face and show case glass and windows appear not to exist. An in-eredibly thin film on both surfaces el glass Is the secret of this scientific mirais. The film is about 41 1,000,OOOths of an Inch, or tuarter the wave length of light, to thickness.

«

HW»
N.Y
|
canoes. Throughout
Clock,
Flying Mail-Van
Modem
Etiquette
BY ROBERTA LEE
How Can I?
one-
Hydro System
In Northland
A “flying mail-van” that picks and delivers mail at 90 miles hour is to start operation in Pennsylvania.
Watching a demonstration of the new service post office officials pilot cut down his plane’s speed to 90 m.p.h. as he flew towards two 23 ft. poles linked with Attached to the rope was
up
an
*
COBRA VENOM A TONIC Cobra venom Is a mental tonic. The venom Is Injected Into the muscles, once a day or less. Its effects are slower than morphine, but last longer and are not habit-form-
Will Be Extended With Help from Ottawa Government in Patricia District
BY ANNE ASHLEY
1.	What are some of the luck pieces that are put in the bride’s wedding cake?
2.	la it all right to introduce two persons by saying,
Jones, meet Mr. Smith” ?
3.	When one has accepted an invitation for luncheon, specified at one o’clock, at what time should one arrive?
4.	When an established resident of a neighborhood extends an invitation to luncheon or tea, to a new neighbor, doesn’t this take the place of a first call?
5.	When checking out of a hotel is it all right to phone the desk and ask that your bill be ready, In order to save time?
6.	Should a girl wear an evening dress to a dance when she knows th**- her trcort is going to wear a business suit?
Answers
1. A shining dime for riches, a thimble for the old maid, a tiny ring for the first to oe married, a very small wishbone for the luckiest girl, a button for the old bachelor, and miniature dice for the lucky man not use an imperative form. Merely aay, “Mr. Jones, this is Mr. Smith.” 8. About ten minutes before one. 4. It does not. The call should be made first, before extending any kind of invitation. 6. Yes; by doing this fifteen minutes before leaving your room it will save time. 6. No; her costume should correspond with that of her escort.
MW a
Q.—How can I detect a leak in a gas pipe?
A.—At the point where a leak in the gas pipe is suspected, apply a paste of soap and water. If there is a leak, bubbles will appear. Never use matches or a flame of any kind when looking for a gas leak.
Q,—How can I remove hot pans .	«
from the oven easily and without Important I CBr danger of burning the hands?	*1	_ ..	#
A.—A small, short, tin shovel	Jj| HlStOry Of
can be purchased for about ten	.	,	_ _
cents. Flatten out the sides of the	AViatlOn Here
shovel and it will make an excel-	_____
Are E.-
______	peeled to Carry Passengers
Q.—What is a home remedy for	Early This Spring — Signifi-
neuralgia?	,	can ce of 1939 In T ranaoc-
A.—The eating of a good quan-	^ Flights
ttty of celery is often an effective
remedy.
Q.—How can I add just the right amount of stiffening to organdie trimmings, such as collar and cuff sets?
A.—Try dipping them into water in which rice has been boiled.
Q.—How can I give fingernail
polish a higher gloss?
A.—When polishing the fingernails, put on the pink or red polish, but leave the tips uncovered, and whiten underneath. Then go
over	_
coat of colorless polish. It will give a higher gloss, a neater finish, and will last longer.
Hon. W. L. Houck, acting chairman of the Ontario Hydro-Electric Power Commission, announced last week the Ontario Government had approved by order in-council the construction of a new 113-mlle power transmission line in the Pickle Lake district of Northern Ontario.
Work For Unemployed
The line is being built particularly to meet Increasing requirements of the Pickle Crow and Central Patricia gold mines. It will be extension of a line being built from Earl Falls to supply power to the Ucbl gold mines. Estimated cost Is placed at $937.000 and the line will be constructed to operate at 68,000 volts.
The project will be undertaken under an agreement reached between the Ontario government and the federal government In respect to aid of Northern Ontario unemployment. Federal government will contribute 50 percent, of labor costs and approximately 500 men will be engaged in cutting the right-of-way for the line.
a rope
a dummy sack of mail. The pilot manoeuvred the ’plane downward, picked up the mail sack and dropped another.
The route to be covered by the new “flying mail-van” includes 27 towns and cities.
log
“Mr.
After an X-ray revealed a stolen ring in his stomach, William Thompson, of Glasgow, Scotland, was sentenced to prison.
Direct mental stimulation is also shown, that la. not merely psychic affects due to relief from pain. In addition two other Improved faculties were noted : Wider angle vision and better muscular co-ordlna-
"MAKE TRACKS FOR OGDENS!"'
lion
GAS QUICKLY LIQUEFIED
Professor Peter Kapltza, former director of the Royal Society’s Mond Laboratory at Cambridge, head of the Soviet Govern-

BOW
ment’s new laboratory at Moscow, has perfected a now method of 11q-nefylng gases. It Is announced that this discovery will have great scientific and Industrial Importance.
Only a few details have been made known, but a vital part of the Invention la maid to be a turbine of eompletely original design. It Is no larger than a match-box and weighs about half a pound, but has far greater efficiency than the machines heretofore used.
A

4<x	^
Hit the trail right now to more enjoyment from the cigarettes you roll yourself I Slip into any tobacco store and get yourself a package of Ogden's Fine Cut. Then—roll a cigarette with
this fragrant, mellow tobacco, touch a light to it and—man ! You're there!— you've found the Fine Cut that does roll 'em smoother, sweeter, better. And don't forget—Ogden's rolls best with "Chantée 1er" or "Vogue" papers.
The most important year In the history of the aviation industry In Toronto and Canada as a whole Is indicated with the beginning of
2. No. One should
193»
During 1938, tremendous strides were made in Canadian aviation and It Is during 1939 that these steps are expected to bring the Industry in this country to a destination that will be the culmination of much planning and effort.
km!
tk
1938 Field Crops
i

HAV=
gdtn’t
mi
First Official Estimate Places Gross Value of Canadian Output of 6 Per Cent. Lower Than 1937
5ft
ÈARD
Experiments Completed
Before the last leaf of 1939 has dropped from the calendar, great liners of the sky are expected to be shuttling back and forth between this country and Europe, winging passengers and mall across the Atlantic. The long process of experiment Is practically completed and the whims of wind and the weather above the restless Atlantic now well known to the men who will pilot the air-giants on their long Journeys.
Groundwork Laid From present signs. It is indicated that 1939 will be no more than nicely on Its way before the big metal ships of Trans Canada Airlines will be opening their doors to passengers. The groundwork has been laid, beacons 'flash along the air routes, radio beams are at this moment beeping away across Canada’s bushland, landing fields have been made ready and. last but not least, T. C. A. pilots have become familiar with their routes.
H
The first official estimate of the gross value of the principal field crops grown In Canada In 1938 Is 1527,149.000, which Is $30,968,000 6 per cent, below the estimated value of the 1937 production, and $84,881.400 below that of 1936. The value of the 1936 harvest was the highest since 1930 when the value $662.040.900. Low yields In 1937 and sharply reduced prices In 1938 have resulted in successive reductions In value for the past two years.
These estimates are subject to revision and do not represent cash income
gross values of farm production. Several of the crops, such as mixed grains, turnips, and fodder corn, almost wholly utilized on the farms on which they were grown.
While the 1938 wheat production is nearly double that of 1937, the average farm price is only 67 cents as compared with $1.02 In 1937. Thus the value of the crop is only about twelve million dollars greater. Increases In the production of oats, barley and rye in 1938 failed to offset declines in prices and the combined value of these crops is $35.694,000 less than in 1937.
the whole fingernail with a

*!*
Says New World Was “Civilized” Before Old One
9«

A woman entered the butcher’s shop and asked him to cut off ten pounds of beef. He did so.
“Shall I send it, madam?” he
asked.
“Oh, no, thanks,” she replied* "Tve been reducing and have lost ten pounds, and I wanted to see what it looked like.”
There was an old man of
Colquhoum Who belli
balquhoun.
To his utter surprise It rose to the skies And nearly bumped into
the raquhoun.
The golf novice had not made much progress, but he was a man •f iron determination.
“I'll move heaven and earth to play this game properly,” he said, for the fifth stroke in succession he palled up the turf.
The caddie smiled. "Well,” he said, “you haven’t much farther te go. You've only heaven to move
99
C/if ^
or
OGDEN'S
English Know Little About Empire Life
FINE CUT
Scientist Claims Plants Were Domesticated and Cultivated In America Before Dawn of European Civilization
Human civilization, as measured by agricultural development, is older in the “new world” than in the “old world,” Dr. Donald D. Brand, the University of New Mexico, anthropologist, contended this week. Evidence Found by Botanists “If the beginnings of agriculture mark the dawn of civilization, then evidence collected by botanists and anthropologists Indicates an earlier civilization in the new world than In the old,” he said.
Dr* Brand said tnat ''unlike the wheat, and most other domesticated plants, maize (Indian corn) requires cultivation for Its propagation and scarcely an old world species of plant can compare with the maize, field pumpkins and kidney beans In the area of Its spread at the time of Columbus.”
In Mexico and Central America “The greater variety of squashes, maize, kidney beans, manioc, potatoes and other cultivated plants cannot be matched In Eurasia or in Africa.”
“The prehistoric Inhabitants of Mexico and Central America domesticated more plants thae the inhabitants of any comparable area In the world,” be said.
was
^Scratching
^ RELIEVE ITCHING In A Minute
Bvw the meet stubborn itching of ecsemn, blotches» pimp!», athletes foot, rashes and other akin emp-ttowL quickly yield» to Dr Dennis' cooling, an tier p-iülquld a d D. PRESCRIPTION. Its gentle otte seethe the irritated skin. Clear, greaseless and stain-IB»—dr r- fast Stops the most intense itching la-Wantiy. A 85c trial bottle, at drug stores, prove» it--#money back. Ask for D. D. D. PRESCRIPTION. »
Canadian Woman Complains That People of England Are Ignorant of the Geography, Politics, Economics of The Countries in the Empire
received from sales, but are
an enormous
are
A letter to the editor of the Dally Telegraph (Conservative) of London's leading papers, from an unnamed Canadian woman who complained that the people of England know too little about the Empire drew an editorial admission from the newspaper last week that her allegation is well founded.
The editorial follows:
“There Is still too much Justification for the friendly remon-
which a correspondent
one
INVENTIONS
WANTED
We have been ¦HI successfully Ing Inventions, patented and unpatented, since 1924. If you have a sound, practical Invention for sale, write us Immediately.
Chartered foNfltnte of Americas
levenlore.
Dept. 37 R, Wnwhlmgtom. D. C.
World’s Shortest Railway’s Here
Between Huntsville, Ont., and Lake of Bays
row-Gauge Road • for Winter Months
¦trance ¦¦ ¦ —— from Canada makes in our columns today that the English people do not know the countries of the Empire and they should.
Characteristics of Nationhood
“She is not the only visitor from the Dominions who has found us Ill-Informed about their geography, their politics, and economics, and— the worst defect of all—about the distinctive characteristics of their nationhood.
“Our educational system Is still guilty of neglect of the significance of the Empire. Fortunately, however, there are now expanding efforts to send young people of all classes on Empire tours, and Interchanges are arranged which may well progressively Increase.”
One Mile, Nar-Closed
“Have yarn much roem in
l
Classified Advertising
your mew flat?”
me. My kitchen
“H
•e small
that I have te live em corn-
ice and snow cover the North Muskoka lakes and the two dinkey engines and other rolling stock of the Huntsville and Lake of Bays Railway Company, the shortest rairoad in the world, are laid up in the roundhouse awaiting the opening of the 1939 navigation and tourist season.
The automobile has wrought great changes In the transportation picture of Ontario’s playground. _ Passengers no longer travel hi large number over the steep portage from Lake of Bays to Peninsula Lake. But the little trahi, once known as the “cork-limited,” makes daily trips
denied milk and shortbread '*
MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS
HAIM GOODS
A Negro boy was taking a stroll ¦rough a cemetery and reading the inscriptions on the tombstones. Ho came to one which dernier ed: “Not dead, but sleeping”.
After contemplating the phrase ¦r a moment, and scratching his head, the Negro exclaimed: “He ain't foolin’ no one body but
LOAN YOUR SURPLUS FUNDS ON Guaranteed First Mortgages on Improved city homes at 6 and 7 per cent, interest. Write us for full details. Mortgages purchased. Established 20 years. A. M. Greenaway & Co.. 169 Yonge Street. Toronto.__
TRANSFORMA-

for
an
Toronto
PATENTS
HIGH HMMIH PH EMMURE
Of the 620 drug addicts in the United Kingdom known to the government, 132 are members of the medical profession, a report to the League of Nations sho
AN OFFER TO EVENT INVENTOR. List of Inventions and full Infor-mallon sent free* The Ramsay Company. Registered Patent Attorneys. Its Rank St Ottawa. Can.____________
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—WRITE for free booklet and full particulars regarding our a ma «Ingly successful Kyblood treatment. Pedigreed Products. Saskatoon Seek
If."
PUPPIES
HORSES WITH HEAVES
day do if she suddenly found herself hi the Middle Age.?”
essayist. Ce eu
ST. BERNARDS AND SCOTTIES. OF outstanding quality. Fifteen dollars and upward. Egbert Healy, Richmond. Que._____________________
isSî-Sm
11.IS. Poet Paid With free book on “Animal Ailments." Bell & Sons. (Canada) Limited. Manufacturera
Medicines. Verdun
When Knives Were Used For Eating
WAITING FOR YOU!
screw
each summer over the one-mile, narrow-gauge road.
Built lu 1906
Built in 1906 at a cost of $40,000, the road winds around huge rocks and hills, skirts a small lake and climbs an elevation of 180 ft in a half-mile from Peninsula Lake to Late of Bays. It runs over an Indian trail that for 100 year# was used by the Algonquin Indiana in trading throughout the area.
TRACTOR MAGNETO AND GENERATOR REPAIR*
Z
V
of Veterinary Que. Dept.? E
SEND US THUN TRACTOR M AGNE-to and Generator Repairs. We save you money. Allaneon Armature tfenfr.. 8SS Ray St.. Toronto.
“Hair cut, sir7” inquired a bar-of a customer whose head almost bereft of hair. . “No,” was the sarcastic retort n want It done up in a bun and dbetened with a pink ribbon.”
Pocket picking is increasing in new that the population
Before the advent of table forks, eating with one’s knife was the vogue among society people. Before this it was quite proper to eat with one’s fingers. The table knife came into general popularity some time after the seventeenth eemtury and was the correct thing for eating as well as for cutting.
Stef
r
fc
PERMONAL
>
Weekly
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. EASILY, Inexpensively. Home Remedy. Testimonial». Guaranteed. Advice Free. Bartlett's. Box 1. Winnipeg.
WESTERN CANADA
IMPROVED EQUIPPED SECTION Farm In Central Eastern Alberta park area, railway village one mile best abundant water, clear title, all cash large discount; no agents; retiring. Box 14, Amish, Alberta.
IF YOU WANT AN AFFECTIONATE
Unie No. 2 - ’39
eeurL
sc*.
###PAGE###4###
%

THE EQUITY
Oetaron Hmn* at Octagon house. # fine example Of late Georgian architecture, was the Washington home of Cot John Tay* loe, wealthy V’rg nia planter and friend of George Wet Kington, Dr. William Thornton, original design#* of the United States cepHot, made the plans for the houee to Ttit. Built of English brick. It to, to spite of the name, actually hexagonal in . . „ .	. form. After the burning of the fix*
12th mat., with all the customary pomp I ecutive Mansion in 1814, President
md display and with a Ouveromem I	established the temporary
program packed with promise of long white House there and with Dolly and interesting debate.	I Madison as hostess Octagon house
For the fourth time since he wap 1 reached its height of sociel power, appointed Governor General of Canada, I proclamation Ijord Tweedsmttir was the centre of a I ^ treaty 0f q brilliantly clad assembly as he read the by Pregldent Madison in one 8petch from the Throne rfflcially °Pen'I upper rooms. The houee was pur-ing Parliament and outlining m brief I ^Kased and restored by the AmerF the work of the Government facing can Inst,tute of Architects to ISM members of the Senate and House l|*nd Is occupied by that organisa-Commons during the months ahead Few sessions of recent years have opened with more important developments before it and seldom have there
been so many members present on the | jyj Jeas Classified ha
Three General Divisions
HODGINS
GARAGE
We Recommend

SHAWVtLLB, JAN. 19,1939
Parliament Opening
$1.80 Nr lbs
Monarch 18 per cait, Daii v K »tn»n
'
Canada's Parliament am* launched upon it* 193# eeaaion on Thursday,
$2.00 " $2.15 " $1.75 • $1.55 -$1.80 "
Monarch 42 per cent H»g uppl- ment $3.00 “
Pig Starter Hog Grower
94 *’ '*
82 ** “
• •
Buick, Oldemobile, Service
êl

Chevrolet, 1
Sales

• I
II
4l
.. .. n
m
Big 4 Dairy Feed
Milkmaker 16 pel cent hairy Kwd
24 "
4#
II
giving hent i
the terms
Krthun
is
II
IS

k e
1
PREVENT DAMAGE
$2.15
«t
$1.90 " "
##
tl
Uun.
Theme Feeds are all made by The Maple Leaf Milling Company on the open formula basis. The kind and amount of each ingredient is printed on every bag. You can see and know exactly what you are paying for.
Prevent damage to your Oar by baring us HU your radiator with
EVE READY PRESTONE It is the most reliable.
Enjoy comfortable Winter driving by installing Hot Water Heater and Defroster.
Drop in and ask for information.
Our stock of Heaters, Defrosters, Batteries and Anti-freeze is complete.
v
first day or so many spectators.
In the House of Commons after the colourful opening ceremonies, there was
,i brief but interesting session when tour general divisons—the black or fully nv.v menibers were introduced, including I fermented ; the green or unferment-Hon. K. J. Manion, successor to Kt. Hon. od; and the oo’on ( or semi-ferment-R. B. Bennett as Conservative Chieftain | ed Usually the tea drinker prefers
and Leader of the Official Opposition SI
Dr Manion, who was a member of the ticeable difference in the flavor and
House tor nearly 20 years before being! aroma of each, defeated in 1936 general elections, was I Some black teas are erased oc-returned in a byelection in London last! cording to leaf sires After pick-November. A basket of rosea from his ing, the leaves are separated into constituents waited him on hie desk, five grades* Flowerv Orange Pekoe, lending almost the only note of colour Orange Pekoe. Pekoe. Pekoe Sou-to the Commons chamber.	chong. and Souchong. Flower Or-
Prime Minister Mackenzie King cross- ange Pekow is made up of the most Snoek Is Fish Caught With ed the floor of the chamber to congratu tender leaves taken from the tip late the new leader as soon as he took end of the tea plant Souchong rep-
ids seat and a little later paid Dr. resents the coarsest leaf used for i The unfamiliar name, snoek. is Manion a warm tribute in welcoming tea. These terms do not have any that of a fish found off the west him back to the House as Leader of the specific reference to the cup quality coast of Africa in the vicinity of Opposition.	°* tea* nor do indicate that the Walvis bay. It is a delicacy among
The Prime Minister said it was a scent or flavor of oranges is pres- the colored people of South Africa pleasure to all members of all parties to ®nt.	and large consignments are alsc
welcome Dr. Manion back to the House Next to black teas; observes an sent to Mauritius, says London of Commons. He assured him he would authority in the St Louis Post-Dis- j TiUBits Magazine
have “the understanding and goodwill patch, the green or un fermented Snoek-ftshing is rather remark of all members of the House of Com leas are most numerous m the Unit- abIe
nions” in his responsible task as leader ed States. These come to us chiefly perjenced fishermen know for cer
of his party and of the Official Opposi- yom China and Japan. Green teas tain wbere they will find the snoek tjUQ	have a sharper, more astringent 1
Dr Manion brought a rich experience I taste than black ones
SI Oolong tea. or the seml-fermented
I type resembles a blend of black
________H __________ u It comes WÊKIKÊ
leep appreciation” of the welcome I from the island of Formosa anc*
dud to him by Mr. King and bis from China Oolongs are in-
be tweens in flavor as well as color.
v
S
All teas are classified into three
\
one of these kinds. There is a no-
x
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING 00., REC’O.
Roy G. Fraser
Flowers, Gifts, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Bo* 886 Phone 180
Smooth Shark-Skin Bait
J. L,. HODGINS
Phone 64-Je
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. Wo in vite your patronage. On orders of 11.00 or over, phone us collect. On orders of #5.00 or over, phone us collect and we shall prepay.
Not even the most ex
In Memoplara
Farm For Sale
shoals or if or when they will bite when found. Thousands of snoek may be seen passing beneath the ship, but unless they rise to the surface it is futile to try to catch any of them. So the fishermen just wait—and when at last the snoek
_	,	- do rise, unbarbed hooks, with shark-
m HIHHHHHIHHHHLHil I Tannin, caffeine, and the volatile skin bait, are dropped overboard Mr. King'd actions were always oils are the most important constitu- The sharkskin must be put on the courteous in the amenities of parliamen- ents of tea.	hook in such a way that the grain is
tary life. Although he had crossed Tannin gives to tea a brisk, pun- smooth between the teeth of the swords often with the Prime Minister gent flavor. Caffeine provides mild snoek, which will not take rough in debate they had remained good stimulation. And many persons | hait, friends. He felt Mr. King might have think that the volatile oils make more to forgive than he For the future the most difference in tea flavor, he hoped to live up to the traditions of The “body" of a cup of tea depends courtesy and fair play established in [ upon the soluble materials that Parliament.	[come out into the liquid as the tea
Smith—In loving memory of a dear mother, Mrs. James Smith, who entered into rest January Slat, 1938.
Th* Family.
Thompson—In loving memory of my dear husband, Thomas Thompson, who died January 11th, 1938.
Gone but not forgotten
m/m	* WlF£
Harris—In loving memory of my parents. Mr. Wm. J. Harris, who died Feb’y 11, 1937, and his wife who died Jan> 16, 1938.
“Fondly remembered"
By daughter,	•
Mas. Amos Arwtaoi
Morrison—In fond and loving memory of James Morrison, who died Jan y 17th, 1937.	f* - ft
What would we give to clasp hi* hand, His happy face to see ;
To hear his voice and see his smile, That meant so much to us.
é Daughter and son-in-law,
Margaret and Tom
Part Lot 4, Range 8, of the township of Onslow, North, 100 acres, more or lew, 70 acres cleared ; Part Lot 13, Range 8, all bush, containing 60 acres. Will be sold very reasonable for cash.
Apply to
HARVEY STEELE,
Quyon, Que
ur. Manion brougnt a nen experience and high ability to his new duties, Mr King said.	.	-
Dr. Manion expressed his “very sincere | green tea
and d
exten
thanks to the House for its kind recep-
Phone 10—3, Quyon
lion
Phone anytime between 7 a, m
and 11 p.m.
Narrow Escape for Family at Klsbey, Sask.
Kisbey, Sask., Jan. 4.— Four people, all members of Joseph H. Lynch family here, narrowly escaped death New
The snoek fishers know but a few	overcame Mr. Lynch, his son, Lioyd, and
things about the habits of the snoek*	Grasshoppers and Locusts	partially overcame tho mother and
They know that the first shoals are Grasshopper plagues are often as daughter
seen off Walvis bay; that they mi- $ociated with vegetation destruction j s DavkUon, C.PRagent, was the FvnrMiiAn “fl K " Cm:,#	grate down coast and by late by the insect commonly referred tn firat to notice the absence of any activity
^^8 I m ^ ^8 I . ,	,	**	D T‘ . u . . summer have disappeared off the as the 17-ycar locust, a name that around the Lynch home. However.be
All chiefs of municipal provincial and	to Be Traced to Haiti	Cape of Good Hope: that the snoek	'» mcorroct in at least two partie-	made n0 altempt to arouse anyone until
n*deraI police departments m the Fro-	Among the explanations for the	hates cold water and that sunrise is	ulars, according to an	authority in	he returned from church an hour later,
vmce of Quebec have been made ad-	expression “O. K.," meaning "all	the best time for fishing.. For the	the Washington Star:	(1) It is not	(>n bis return, with the assistance of
visory members of the Irovmce of Que-	right/’ one is that it is derived	rest, it is largely a matter of luck.	a locust at all, that	nan,ôx being	a neighbour, W. It. Irwin, the door was
bee Safety League, it was announced from a seaport on the southern__________forced open and the father and son
,aS«	u l I	.	, . coast of Haiti, which was a famous	nP n	dit • ' ' found unconscious and the mother
MMRP
League feels, that the police are eager to familiar with the real meaning, it Half Dol. California Gold." Some ,iodical cieadi however is the onlv ¦Jo their best for the welfare of the is said.	have on the reverse the date and	«Utotiv Bto ’	^
public, and their new participation in Another theory is that the initials the legend “California Gold Half D.M	1	I	Mobkiaon—In loving memory of oar
be League will afford them greater O. R., meaning "ordered recorded,” Later issues, says a writer in the	8 --- L» R ,	, A .	,	dear father, James Morrison, whode-
>Pportunity to help towards the preven- being carelessly written on docu- Cleveland Plain Dealer, show vari-	Nansen, the Explorer	Animals	parted this life January 17tb, 1937.
"ion of acccidenta.	I ments, were misread as O. K. and °us numbers of stars as well as Fridtjof Nansen. Norwegian ex-	Were Given Their Names The blow was great, the shock severe,
came to stand for a symbol of change in design, some portraying piorer# statesman and humanitari- If an animal, cr any phenomenon We little thought the end was near, II	lift *s also asserted	an India; *« ,<( instead	"f i >vrty	^ was the first scientist success-	I new	to us, aLracts our attention, we	And only those who have	lost can tell,
that O.	K., as an abbreviation for	and octagonal in shape.	Miy to exploit the idea of a float-	(immediately wonder whether other	The pain of parting without farewell
Artemus Ward's spelling of “all cor- These half and quarter dollars	^ig observation station amid the	persons have seen and labeled it.	You are not forgotten father dear,
root.” first gained currency among j were issued by private	companies	p0iar ice; and his station—that im-	and	if so we seek to know #hat it » Nor ever shall you be;	kRSI |
Rev. E J. McCorkell, CJ3.R, M.A., I oldtime	telegraph operators.	or individuals connected with the	mortal ship, the Fram—drifted	has	been called by those well-in-	As long as life shall last,
superior of 8t. Michael’s College, Torou- As a verb, an	authority says-,	the	gold-mining interests and in nearly	three years in	the great ice-pack,	formed on the subject; meanwhile	We «1 I! remember you.
o, has given a further proof of bis last- expression should be written O. K.’d	every case reached the standard of	deliberately driven into à region	we invent a name for ourselves as	* Lovingly remembered by	11
ng affection for the late Captain the or O. K.'ing.	valut», weight and fineness claimed which no rescue vessel could ever an aid to memory and conversation,	Mary and Jack,
Rev. -William Leo Murray, B.A, M.C,	____________ for them. While hot considered le- hope to reach. Nartsen was the observes! a writer in the Montreal, j. _	South Porcupine, Ont.
rf ÆK,%!	£ Snowflake Real Entity of Art wc/acccpted at /time when there axiôrTIhai ln'%x^ditfo"n° musf n“ | Now that seems to be precisely	wZltaÆ
llev J L. Enright, Calumet Island,	that melts into water on the cheek;	ever, were later prevented by laws ^ He knew that once he entered	prehistoric ages as primitive men	()h h	, won.	rfal,
due Kev A J Hurley Oxnard Cali-	it is a miniature design as truly Souvenir pieces resembling the the ice no question of retreat could	scattered and explored new regions t k	id	„
ornia, Capt. the Rev. J R. O'Gorman, ruled, as symmetrically assembled, gold half dollars were also issued arise.	,	they met strange animals, gave R , h ; th g • ,r '
I’immins, Right Rev Michael O’Gorman,	as conscientiously ornamented as	during this period. They were made	_ each a name, and	later taught it to	p from gi	lnd iD
Edmonton and the Murray family,	though a skilled draftsman with	of composition metal, gold plated,	newcomers. The	words of these	And	Mi.„ ?,
“sysrs ssu ? ssé ïïsjs «"-.rr,.01 stz ^ s.°' a"n"wort" """	a -
M J Mulvihill of Pembroke and duplicates exactly! another's pat-	Origin af “Bed Tape"	ting. To elongate the ear the rim same wherever primitive men set- Harris—Id fond and loving memory of
Mr J. L. Murray of	Renfrew have l*rn- There may be billions	of bil- Red tape, as the popular name	was sliced around from the top to	lied Not only would the most fa-	Mr Wm. Jas. Harris who died Feb>
listributed cooies	of	the	book	to	Rev	lions of patterns made day after	for official and legal formality	and	the bottom, leaving the sliced portion	miliar or more numerous species	19th, 1937, and	Mrs.	Wm. Jaa. Harris
^ther Murray’s friends	* day in the heavens!”	delay, originated in England during	attached at the lobe. Then a weight	encountered in any locality be first	who died Jan> 16tb, 1938.
jgea	the Eighteenth century and arose	was fastened onto the end of the	I noted and named by the primitive	When a father and mother breathe the ir
from the custbm of tying documents rim, as it hung down, so as to adventurer, but in each case the last farewell.
Sicily Filled With Baisa	in red tape. The custom of tying up	stretch it while	the ear healed. This	name given it would indicate its	The stroke means, more than	words
At the very tip of Italy lies Sicily papers in such tape dates back sev- was supposed to beautify the ears, (most striking feature, such as its can tell,
Tender» will be received up to noon,	which at one time or another since	Cral centuries, reference being	Just	as	Up	sketching among the	predominant color,	or a distinctive	The world seems quite another place,
Vedneedsv Jan’y 1UB for a ouan-	1800 B- c- ws8 ruled over by pho#e	made to it in an advertisement	ÜbangU	of	Africa	is supposed to	voice, or some noticeable manner	Without the	smile of	a	father	I
itv of amd cedar Telephone Poles. SS nidan*, Greeks, Carthaginians, Ro- printed in a London paper published beautify the lips.	I of flight, or peculiarity in feeding, mother.
nd Sifeet not lees tSafi inches at mans, Saracens, Norman, Span- in 1W. Sidney Smith did much to	- -	nesting and other habits. In all What would we give their hand» to clasp
lards, mod finally	the people of Italy,	popularize It in the satirical sense.	__ IImu'L.. _	countries, and expressed in various	Their patient faces to see,
Sicily is filled with the ruins of old Such a word was Just what the	Elements Little lam	languages, you may hear of red- To bear their voices and see their smtiea
^Tenders are also asked	for	a supply of	temples, lying in state,	in fields of	common people wanted with which (	*	elements, 17 or	birds, blackbirds, bluebirds. Like-	As	io the days	that used to be,
reals. Palermo is the	capital and	cule the tying and untying of	red	atomic weights determined, yet	notes that may easily be turned into
chief port of the island,	while Taor-	tape which bound the dispatch	and	very little is known about this group	hun ,n words in the language of
aina is its moat famous fesort. 3 document cases.	of	"I.	%	'their listeners.	s
The snoek weighs, often enough, seven pounds, and lie fights to the bitter end.	•><.
Quebec Safety League
Smiley—In loving memory of our dear son, Meriine Smiley, who entered into rest, January tOtb, 1937.
Whyi the evening ehades are drawn, And we are sitting all alone.
In our hearts there comes a longing,
If he could only come homeu Oft and oft our thoughts do wonder,
To a grave not far away,
Where we laid our dear Meriine,
Just two years ago today.
Sadly missed by parents,
Mr. and Mrs. Emerson Bmil y
lion
the late Mr
The (and Mrs. Andrew Lynch, former resi
dents of Stark s Corners.
so
correctness
Book Stands as Tribute to L^e Father W. L Murray
» *
Mrs
Tenders Wanted
and
Poles must be good sound grain
op

In heaven that 1 tppy home above
Soo and daughter in-laW Sam and Myrtle and grandson, Wilder.'
ïlgmj THOMAS KADE8 v President Pontiac Rural Teleph
Ltd
A##
###PAGE###5###


k


m.


&

m
; The Equity
PRINTING
Here's « cook’s dictioesry of

*


l*U
f- >
ally put Into a mu»Un hag la aaaaoa
stew*, etc.; Betne-Marie—an open vessel with a loose bottom tor bet water, to keep saw*, etc., very hot without reduction. Canadians call It a double boiler, observes a writer in the Montreal Herald. Consomme trong, clear gravy obtained by , stewing meat a long time. Also used to mean soup. Croquettes— mince of fish, fowl, or meat, seasoned, rolled in egg and breadcrumbs and fried crisp. Croustades—fried terms of bread toasted ¦¦¦	garnish or
dropped Into soup just before serving. Cheudfrold—• cold entree or a sauce for masking cold meats. Cart-auger boiled with a little we—. to a daep brown, or burnt. Espagnole—a rich, brown Spanish
annual subscription
; Anywhere in Canada To United State*..
Remember THE EQUITY is in » position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside
firms.
Let us do your :
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices,
Statements,
Posters Labels,
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
Suootssor to G. F Hodgins Co. Limited
Annual January Sale of Stocktaking Specials
BLANKETS
•150
# #
2.00
l
AU aman au( be paid In full before any paper la dlecontlnued
W. O. COWAN. PUBLISHER
or fried, uaad
All Wool Whit* fllanket «ize 72x90 $10.00 for $7.71
k . 72x90 $t.S0 '• $7.50
amt
##
n
M
72x84 $8.00 " $6.80 64x84 $7.80 " $8.98
10 per cent, off White and Grey Flannelette Blanket» 10 per cent, off
• I
• frult-open-tart with ''Jellied” Juice. Fritter—fruit encased tn batter and fried. Faroe—a forcemeat or stuffing. Glaze—stock boiled down to jelly thickness, made brown, and used to improve appearance of cold boiled meats, tongues, etc. Lard— to fasten pieces of bacon over anything for basting purposes. Mask— to cover with any rich sauces or cream. Puree—anything reduced to pulp by cooking, and passed through a sieve.
3
es
• s
Sales & Service
MAIN STREET
shawvxllb, qtjb
* Shell Sealed Gas
and Oils
General Repairs
Reliable Service
Wilson's Garage
Phone 40
f
• *
i fl
14
• 4
Grey Blankets, all sizes
KNITTING YARN
The Famous De Luxe Hand Knitting Yarn, all colours. Formerly sold at 15 cents a skein.
lÆ;	To clear at 10 cents a skein.
¦ THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
Budgerigar, Bird Clown,
imitator, Like a Parrot
"Budgerigar11 is the Australian buahman’s name for the naturalist’s Melopeittacus undulatus, an Australian ground parrakeet which is sometimes called the shell parrakeet, and also the undulated grass parrakeet, though it does not belong to the group of typical Australian grass parrakeets, which are all much larger birds, writes J. I. Lawrence in the New York Sun.
The "budgie,” as it'-is affectionately known in London, is one of the monkeys of the bird world; a clown, an acrobat, a droll humorist, and a creature of exceptional intelligence and personality—when it has room for .the expansion and development of personality. Though it is smaller than some canaries it acquires impressive vocal accomplishments and often imitates the human voice and speech like the large parrots.
The orthodox aviculturist usually holds all domestic cage birds in contempt, as of doubtful scientific value, but the breeders of canaries, budgerigars, white Java sparrows, Bengalese mannikins, and some other domesticated birds find comfort in the assurance that their pets are happy and Contented in confinement. No one can question the blithe spirit of a budgerigar, as it frolics and performs outlandish antics in its cage the whole day long.
The Same
TOQUES and CAPS
Childrens and Misses Woollen Toques, all sizes and
Half price.
colours to clear at Childs White Wool and Silk and Wool Caps
To Clear at 25 cents.
Beattie’s Eye Service
Look Here
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost otc.
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie's Eye Service, cor. Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
WINDBREAKERS
o
Fish
gUpas
H. B, No. 1. ShswTlUe.
Odd Windbreakers, sizes 34 -36—38 to clear at $1.98 Mens Wind breakers, assorted colors, sizes 34 to 42
To Clear at $1.59.
DEERSKIN MITTS
Scientist Eye Examinations
Mens Genuine Deerskin Mitts,

To Clear at $1.19.
Apply to ville,
Specialists on all Visual and Muscular .
Eye Defects
ftlxe
SB 3'-
ppüftÀü mm**
sE^BSSL..
ville, Que.
UNDERWEAR
XT
Mens Shirts and Drawers, odd sizes
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS
Professional Optometrist.
To Clear at 98 cents.
T.T. BEATTIE,
Professional Optometfist
SLIPPERS and SHOES
one
con-
Mens, Womens and Childrens Slippers
10 per cent off regular prices.
THE RENFREW
MARRLE and GRANITE WORKS

Visitor» Walk Safely on
Island of Trinidad Lake
All lakes aren't filled with water. On the island of Trinidad, off the coast of South America, there is an asphalt lake covering more than a HT '	The surface is
Womens Shoes, odd sizes
To Clear at $1.49
Manufactures of and Dealers in
Monuments in Marble and Granite
We have jugt received a large consignment of stones and will be pleased to show them at any time.
Phone. 278
gum rubbers
ViHlributlcm of
ailles In select
hundred g acres. brownish-black and wrinkled, like an old piece of leather. People can walk on the lake without sinking, their feet leaving only faint prints. Men work on the lake digging out the asphalt to ship to all parts of the
A railroad track is, laid
$1.59
Mens Good Gum Rubbers Boys
Youths “
Womens
ISiSii
Element, Montreal.
. $1.35
• »
«I
99c
• I
VaflpH
across the surface to the place where the digging is going on Each morning the hole made the day before is filled up. and the railroad track sunken and twisted from the movement of the asphalt during the night.
For a long time, says a writer in the Washington Star, it was thought that there was no end to the supply of asphalt, but during the last 50 years, when 5,000,000 tons of asphalt have been removed, the surface of the lake has dropped 50 feet. It will take many, many years to use up the supply, but some day in the far distant future mankind may have to think up some new substance with which to surface his streets.
Black and Brown Velvet Goloshes $1.95
100 Fancy Brown Plates to dear at 8 for 25 cts.
Annual Meeting of Pontiac County Orange Lodge
The annual meeting of the County of Pontiac-L. O. L will be held m No. 27 Lodge room. Shawrille, Feb y 7th, 1939, starting at 10 o'clock a Members and especially officer» of the primary Lodge» are requested to bv present so aejtll business may be transacted m a satisfactory manner
RtiroKb Wijson,
County Master
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle 8 Greet, Renfrew, Ont.
MacLeans
Successor to 0. F. Hodgins Co., Limited
RED 6 WHITE STORE
XoWAL KlLuOtJ*
Co. Secretary
11
"The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
Shawville Penecostal Assembly
Wampole’s Extract Cod Liver Oil
Hospital Donations
Recent donations to SliawvHle Community Hospital are :
K. J. Barber
C. G. I.T. ..
6 cts
Raw Sugar, per pound ..
Swan Down Cake Flour, per pkg Z: Black Tea. bulk, per pound. .
HecJth Meal, Coarse, per pound Apples, 6 pounds Prunes, 3 pounds ggM@ g I I Mollasses, fancy bulk, per pound Honey, Clover. 4 pounds Honey. Amber, 4 pounds Peanut Butter, bulk 2 pounds Walker's Soda Biscuits, 2 pounds
Macarorfi, bulk 4 pounds Soup Peas, per pound
Cornmeal. per pound

Brother George Deans is still actio* Pastor of Shawville Assembly,’ conducting the regular Tuesday night and Thursday night services at 7.30 with Sunday School at 10 ar-m ; morning worship at 11, and evening service at 7.30 on Sundays.
A Rally of the Assemblies is planned -for Friday night. Jan y 80, at Portage
.
# # 1»

., jjfc Ambassador, Minister
An ambassador is head of an embassy and a minister is head of a legation. Under international law and usage an ambassador is the personal representative of the sovereign or head of a state and is accredited directly to the sovereign or head of another state. A minister is, under international law and usage, the representative of the government (as distinct from the head of the state) and is accredited to the government as distinct from the head. An ambassador * has the right to converse directly with the sovereign or the head of the state to which he is accredited, and likewise may correspond directly tiWl the sovereign or head of his own country. A minister, on the other hand, in theory, carries on his correspondence with the minister of foreign affairs of the state to which he is accredited, and similarly corresponds with his own government through the minister of foreign affairs of his own country. In practice the duties of an ambassador and a minister are the same.
28 '

45 4
. i 2.0b
# ** »
» • » •
• • •
• •
• s e
2.00
5 4
• •
The all year round tonic for both children and adulte. Tones up the whole
system generally, and
25 4
* * «
#*»*
• +%#
Cards of Thanks
25“ H
i

• III
#•••
7 4
Mr. sad Mrs. Clinton Palmer wish to express their eiooere appreciation and gratitude for many acta of kindness, expressions of sympathy and floral offer-logs during their recent bereavement.
Mr. Walton Smiley and family desire to express their thanks to friends and neighbours for many acts of kindneas extended them during the illneee and death of Mrs. Smiley,
Intermediate Schedule
• • • •
35 ‘
Jan. 10, Bristol at Shawville

# » » *
F riday,
Wednesday. “ 89 Shawville at Quyon
“ 87 Bristol at Quyon “ 30 Shawville at Bristol
29 4

i
Friday.
Monday,
Wednesday, Feb l Bristol at Quyon
25 4
e t • •
• 0
25 4
* » » S
# e
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Un. M. 6. Howard
“ 3 Bristol at Shawville “ C Quyon at Bristol “ B Shawville at Quyoo 10 Quyon at Shawville ** 13 Shawville at Bristol
Friday,
Monday,
Wednesday,
23 1


S • e •
The family of the late James P.
Carton desire to express their sincere thanks to friends and neighbours for many kindnesses and expressions of uon(jay sympathy during jj heir recent bereave jjjj V menK, f'<
& »
• •

Main end Centre Sta SHAWVILLE, - QUE.
Friday,

e • » •
Wednesday, " 16 Quyoo at Bristol







' ¦ <


m


4?.

###PAGE###6###
*>
- •
I
Orange Pekoe Blend
with diamond flakes melting on her > eyelashes and roses in her cheeks.”
Her breath caught in her throat, and she clasped her hands tighter I In her muff to stop a little tremble j of happiness that went over her.
“Sillyr. she said. “A coach and ' four, imagine. If Î stay much long-| er. I'll miss my coach; the green and yellow one that collects people ovér on that corner. And then I’ll bave to watt for the next one and stand UP all the way home. %he ' crôwds Will be on the street In another five mindtes.” But the look in k her eyes belted her words. She did i not want to hurry, and yet she cbhldn't atkiul there indulging In a passing flirtation with a strange
'tiro. ;
The presence of others had broken the magic of the moment. She tqcked her hair In place and then turned to the door. He was beside
Household
• SERIAL STORY
Science
By DOROTHY HIGGINS

SOPYRIONT. IMS NIA SUIVIS*, tt*
HIT-RUN LOVE
rr

BY MARGUERITE GAHAGAN

i
VEGETABLE DISHES FOR
WINTER
Attractive Ways to Serve Canned Tomatoes and Corn
By KaU&arlm# Baker
Canned vegetables have to form a large part of our diet during the winter months. No matter how good they arc, they can't, of course, compare in flavor and color with fresh ones. That often makes one hesitate to use them except as a necessity. However, they need not be a hardship a treat in fact—if new and interesting ways to serve them are employed.
Tomatoes and corn are more appetizing whbn fixed up in the following ways than right out of the can.
ed his gase waver over the court and then focus on the scene outside. Thinking of a possible golf game that afternoon, she knew.
A New Meaning to Life
Her own eye* followed the line of the river while the cale was held up for a moment. Not so many months ago It had been locked in Ice,; the ferries, blunt nosfid and puffing heavy black smoke, breaking a path between the shores. So, too, had hèr heârt been locked in ice, she thought. And then Larry had come: Larry with his eyes like blue,* clear ice, his mouth twisting in that lop-sided grin, his blond hair like sunshine. And so, too, had be broken a path to her heart freeing it of lee. making it beat with a new rhythm.	;
Life had been so empty before that, she told herself again. Not that it had seemed so at the time. There had been the hafcpy, carefree years of high school with life at home a casual, comfortable affair. With Bill and Joe filling the house with their young friends, their balls, and bats, bicycles, books, marbles. With her mother, easygoing, busy keeping the house running smoothly and pleasantly for big Dennis McGraw, an officer in the police department.
Tilings had changed swiftly then —had assumed a kaleidoscopic aspect. Her father’s death in the line of duty, a rearranged life to fit a widows pension, her own plans for college changed to a course.
CHAPTER I
The hot spring sun slid suddenly behind the oncoming gray clouds, throwing the traffic court into too-early shadows.
Not even the threat of rain could dampen the spirits of Patricia Me-Or?w. While her pencil raced over the whiteness of her pad, covering It with her curlicues of shorthand motes, and the voices of witnesses, Judge, and attorneys occupied one side of her mind, the real Pat continued dreaming of the evening's date with Larry Kent.
For many weeks now life had been something vivid, magical, and quickened with the glamour of love. Before Larry had come with his blond hair so smooth and clean-lined over his broad brow, the days bad been a succession of routine tasks familiar to any court stenographer.
Even now, the ordinary run of event! continued, but overshadowing them was the knowledge that Larry loved her, that soon they would be married, that soon all the linens she was buying, the china she had but yesterday selected, the bargains her alert eyes found during lunch time, would take their rightful places In an apartment all hers and Larry’s.
When Pat realized the nearness of that marriage the scene around her took on a strangeness. For over a year it had been her work aday world; now she saw it ns a stranger: loving it, yet eager to be away to that still dearer world of her own home.
A flush crept into her cheeks when she found she had lost part of a testimony. She thrust her day dreams back into their secret place and concentrated on the work before her.
"I didn’t get that. Was it vour right fender orThe defendant’» thaZ was hit?” she asked mechanically.
The case continued. Up on the wall over Judge Michael Kelly's bench the hands of the old clock moved slowly. Sergt. Herman Le-woski switched on the lights chasing the shadows. Desk Officer Tim O’Shea sought frantically over the desk for a mislaid file. Pat sighed and looked at the clock again.
Drunken Driver
It was a heavy docket for Saturday. A drunken driving case was on with a woman as the defendant. It was being held up until the reporters got there. Drunken drivers were no rarity, but this was a blond—pretty despite her tear-reddened eyes, and disheveled hair.
Photographers and reporters from the Journal. Bee and Gazette went into a huddle with court attendants. Cameras were focused over Pat’s shoulder on the blond. Bulbs flashed as the woman raised her hand to swear the truth, the whole truth, and nothing else, so kelp me.
The arresting officer, with his eyes heavy with need for sleep after a night’s patrol duty, told in terse sentences the facts of the case. Speeding on a main thoroughfare, cutting in and out of traffic, a man's car hit, the odor of intoxicants on the woman’s breath, admission of drinking, and a none-too-¦teady walking of the line at the precinct station. Familiar routine, et fascinating as the pulse of a
ig city.
'Only two bottles of beer, your honour,” the woman declared. “The lights at night bother me. I didn't ¦ee the car.”
Worn alibis, weak excuses, objections by the defense attorney, and catch questions by young Tom Sweeney, the assistant prosecutor, mewly assigned to the court in an effort to check reckless and dangerous driving.
The woman waived a jury trial to be tried by the judge. Pat smiled a little. The judge was having a hard time trying to give the case bis undivided attention. She watch-
te
“If our Christian heritage still moves us, we shall restore, the prestige of democracy and civilization by coming to the aid o( a bitterly oppressed people.1'—Will Durant.	' "¦¦¦
Curing Y ourself Of Sleeplessness
are
Learn to Relax and Give Up Fear of insomnia
her.
Therq goes the bus and I'm to blame. That means I'm In luck. I'll pqt the paper in Mr. Abbot's office, and turn Boy Scout. Never let It u be s»ld that Larry Kent wasn't a gentleman. The first rule of salesmanship around here Is service. And so J'll drive you home.”
(To Be Continued)
NO FB$$
The value of muscular relaxation In health and sickness was stressed In a recent address by a. physician.
People should prepare for sleep by ridding themselves as far possible of all contractions and tensions. Rest is more important than sleep. If we have to have one or the other It Is better to rest without sleep than to sleep without rest. *
"Insomnia Is largely due to the fear of not sleeping,” said the authority, "whereas if you make up your mind to rest and give up the Idea of sleep, you will be asleep in a short while.”
CORN,.PUDDING
1-S cup quick-cooking tapioca 14 teaspoons fait Dash of Cayenne 2 cups milk 2 eggs, slightly beaten 2 cups canned yellow corn
1	teaspoon onion, finely chopped
2	tablespoons parsley, chopped Combine quick cooking tapioca,
salt, Cayenne and milk in top of double boiler. Place over rapidly boiling water, bring to scalding point (allow 3 to 5 minutes) and cook 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Remove from boiling water. Pour slowly over eggs, stirring vigorously. Add corn, onion, and parsley, and mix well. Pour into greased baking dish. Place in pan of hot water; bake in moderate oven (360 degrees F.) 1 hour and 15 minutes. Serves 5.
ESCALLOPED CELERY AND
TOMATOES
2 tablespoons onion, finely chop-
¦ELIEVIH6 COL# ilSCOMFOIT TUS W*ï!
Just Follow Simple Directions Below—and Use Fist-Acting "Aspirin" Tablets
The World’s Only W oman • Dictator


She Rules on Sark, A Feudal Isle Close to the French
Coast WtfÊÈÊ^M There, Movies or Cars

fmr take 2 MA*MT _ __ TiMfts—drinkagtosi Çf U of witor. Hopeit #m 2 hours.
No Unemployment
Get Rid of Tension
The excess tension from which we suffer so much today results In frayed nerves, fatigue, loss of confidence and self-respect.
Regarding the practical application of relaxation, the most difficult areas to relax are the neck, spine and eyes. For curative relaxation, Just lying back In a chair with a book is not considered sufficient, but one has to lie flat on one's back with the eyes shut and a complete “let go” of every muscle In the body.
Mental relaxation Is obtained through physical relaxation. It is impossible to make one's mind a blank, but after a considerable amount of muscular relaxation a sense of case will pervade the entire mind.
The world's only women dictator, acknowledged chief of a tiny feudal state which is part of the British Empire and remains immersed in the atmosphere of the ICth century, is a visitor to this Continent this month.
Gray-haired and very gentlelooking for an autocrat, the Dame de Serk, interviewed on her arrival here, said there never has been a murder or a divorce among hr people, who number 600. Nor is there any sign of poverty or unemployment. What is more, on the Island of Sark there are no movies, politics, paved roads, billboards, motor cars, local newspa- * pers, or labor unions.
Queen Elizabeth Gave It Away
The island is 22 miles from France and 75 miles from England. William the Conqueror filched it from Normandy for the British. For a collection of pirate's heads in 1565 Queen Elizabeth gave it to Sir Holier de Carteret as an independent feudal state with its lordship invested in Sir Helier and the first-born among his descendants for a!l time.
' /
2. If throat Is nw from cold, crush ond dissolve 3 "Aspirin" Tablets In % glass o# water ^
business

V
Meeting With Larry
Somehow, though, as time went a new pattern was formed. She took a job in a lawyer's office. The boys went into high school. In two years they would be finished.
ou,
more
Last year she herself, aided by her father's old friends, had secured a position as court stenographer with opportunity to make a little money on the side typing testimony for attorneys.
ped
It’s the Way Thousands Know to
Ease Pain and Discomfort of Colds
and Sore Throat Accompanying
Colds—Easy to Do
The simple way pictured above often brings amazingly fast relief from discomfort and sore throat accompanying colds.
Try it Then — m your doctor. He probably will tell you to continue with "Aspirin” because it acta so fast to relieve discomforts of a cold. And to reduce fever.
This simple way, backed by scientific authority, has largely supplanted the use of strong medicines m easing cold symptoms. Perhaps the easiest, most effective way yet discovered.
2 tablespoons butter 2 cups canned tomatoes 2 tablespoons quick cooking tapioca
1 tablespoon sugar % teaspoon salt % teaspoon pepper 1 cup celery, sliced % cup buttered crumbs
Brown onion in butter. Place tomatoes in top of double boiler and bring to a boil. Combine dry ingredients; add gradually to tomatoes and bring to a brisk boil, stirring constantly. Place immediately over rapidly boiling water and cook 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add onion. Place % of tapioca mixture in greased baking dish and cover with layer of celery; repeat, using remaining tapioca and celery. Cover with crumbs. Bake, covered, in moderate oven (350 degres F.) 30 minutes, or until celery is tender. Uncover and bake 5 minutes longer, or until crumbs are browned. Serves 6.
an
Her days had not been drab or unpleasant. Only she had drifted along too settled for her years, too serious, too conscious of responsibilities. Now the burdens were also lightened, and Larry had come.
There was nothing about Larry that she had forgotten. She could close her eyes now and remember their first meeting. It had been just after Christmas on a day filled with huge, feathery snow flakes that slipped gently past her cheeks and clung on her thick lashes.
Judge Kelly had asked her to deliver a paper over to the Paramount Auto Sales during the afternoon. Before going in the big impressive salesrooms, she had stood , outside in the frosty cold, pressing her nose against the big glistening pane of glass to look at the limousines. glistening and elaborate, at the sporty little roadster. She snuggled closer in her coat, pulling the big soft collar up around her soft cheeks, holding the absurdly tiny muff against her face to stop the wind, wiggling her toes in the new j high-heeled pumps, sensibly protected by the velvet fur-topped carriage boots the boys had given her at Christmas.
There was a Christmas tree in the big salon; a modernistic tree all white and blue. Beside it stood Larry, his yellow hatr shining In the dim light like a burnished cap of gold. And then he had looked at her, at the eager face pressed up against the glass, at the curling dark hair escaping from the silly peaked hat that made her look like an Alpine maid. His mouth had broken into that twisted smile, his blue eyes absorbing the blue from the Christmas tree lights.
After a long second she broke the spell, and drawing up In all her dignity entered through the heavy grill doors.
“I would like to see Mr. Abbot,” she had said with as much composure as she could gather. “I'm from Judge Kelly’s office.”
But not even that dignified name could erase the smile from his lips.
"Mr. Abbot’s out,” he said, his eyes still on hers. "Can't you give me the message? I might fill the
bill.”
Women Voters' Apathy Scored
Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt Says Women Waste Their Energies on Other Things Than Politics
lemand and Bet
ASPIRIN
Roosevelt
Mrs. Franklin D. blames general apathy of women for the numerical decrease in women legislators and congress w omen. In the U. S. The same holds true of the Canadian political picture.
There are plenty of capable women to hold legislative positions, Mrs. Roosevelt told her press conference one day last week. The big trouble Is, she said, women as a whole do not back feminine candi-
For Baby Or For Baby Doll
TRADt-MAIK M#
tr,

i

Seven Ways To • Bore A Husband
*



#
i
dates.
Should Support Own Candidates As soon as women generally demand representation of their point of view, Mrs. Roosevelt said, they will find plenty of women to run for office.
V
nt
ML: • K
How to Get Him Yawning— Fair Play Should Be Conver •ation Slogan
r
O#
%

S'?
it
Seven sure ways .for wives . to bore husbands, or any other man, conversationally, have been compiled by Margaret "Your Life as a to Make the Most ot It.”
The seven guaranteed methods of making a man yawn Instead of "hanging on your every word,” she says, are;
Be ever alert to tWp up your male conversational partner and thus be classified as a checker-upper.
Pounce on the topic a man starts to talk about and "run away with the ball." If you employ this tactic you are a topic-snatcher.
Always insist on having the last words, which puts you In the bitterender class.
Convince yourself, (if you are not convinced already) that other peo- -pie never have nice things happen to them. This definitely makes you
a boaster.
Pattern your conversation along the lines of a lecturer and become a one man audience lecturer.
Talk on and on and on — In other words, be a self-winder.
But the deadly egoist is the very worst of the seven bores — or perhaps he Is Just all seven at once.
BEE HIVE Syrip
\ Is the Ideal É sweetener on
/
f't
4»
1
• v.
7 \
$
Spider Spins Web Inside Light Bulb
%
vereux, author of oman and How
.t;
E
!

Edmund Sollows, manager of the Western Nova Scotia Electric Company, at Yarmouth, N.S., came out last week with electric light bulb with a spider—now dead—and part of his web inside.
The bulb is in perfect condition and still lights. The filament is unbroken. Sollows said he would send it on to the manufacturers with a view to solving the mystery.

• •••
I your morning 1 1 cereal because
It Is easier j to digest. /
( (V :
t
an



SEE HlVt
Ô
1



TRY ‘IT TOMORROW
V:
X
COUGHS
\

«£781
RELIEVE
DUE 10
COLDS
A COMPLETE WARDROBE
By Louise Lennox
A darling new layette designed for baby's comfort to keep him happy. It's also a perfect little wardrobe for the baby doll. All the tiny garments illustrated are included n the pattern. The sleeping bag ties at the lower edge to keep him coxy and warm. The buttoned-at-the-shoulder slip is easily slippei on. The sack and wrapper have comfortable kimona type sleeves and vee neck with miniature revers. The smart tailored coat boasts a very flat collar and a soft French bonnet with fitted back.
Style No. 2781 is designed in sise only. For material requirements see pattern envelope.
Send fifteen cents (16c), (coin is preferred), for pattern to Peerless Patterns, Room 421, 78 West Adelaide St., Toronto. Write plainly your name, address and style number. Be sure to state
The Spell Unbroken
She had hesitated a second and then her own lips broke Into a smile. He had that infectious quality of making others at ease. "It was just to deliver this paper." she said. "If you'll aee that he gets it, please.”
That should have been all, but the warmth, the luxury of the big room, Larry's smile, his nearness, his poise and Sophistication held her. His voice went on uttering the trite nohsense of a young man who wants to continue a meeting with a pretty girl, and she hadn’t tried to break the spell.
“Better stay and thaw out s bit. Too cold to go out In that snow at once." He maneuvered her over to the big care. "Let's pretend that you’re Mrs. Ipswitch from New York and I'm selling you a car. And must the color scheme be orchid, madam Î Wouldn’t this hyacinth do Jest as wall? What you should have la a coach and four-white and gold
— CLOStOl
"•free Breathing f
AND
Distressing cold in chest or throat, never safe to neglect, quickly up when soothing, warming Mus-
NASAL
CATARRH
pplied. than!
a mustard (Hester,
Better	,
Musterole gets action because its NOT just a salve. It's a -couwtor-tntimwtr— stimulating, penetrating, and helpful in overcoming
Weak? Thin?
Are
local con-
Clear those blocked Nasal Passages before they become the breeding place for millions
of dangerous germs.
you
Deed by a illions for 80 years.
WOMEN who ** weak, thin, nervous, have no appetite, need Dr# Pierce's Favorite Prescription. This tonic stimulates the appetite, improves nutrition, calms the
are
P
Mad* in Canada, in three
_____: Regular Strength, Chil-
____a (mild), and Extra Strong. Ap-


i,9
rs ol
world over. The antiseptic vapou Mentbolatum quickly penetrate air
fight the lurking germ* retard the gathering of mucus clear the clogged nostrils and promote healthy breathing again. Get a 30 cent tube or jar of Mentbolatum today. Insert a little up the Dost rile e very night and rooming. That simple routine has relieved even chronic catarrh in thousands of grateful
women It will brine you rditj or your vtonty will bi unconditionally rtJunJed
Catarrh Is stealing your enjoy----1
ping Into your throet. You can't


see

m
• *
e • •
m
the fa-
une
Mis.
male organs. C, Parkins,


292
Ilona of germs thriveand multiply
Don't wait a day longer. Act NOW , . . before your condition develop»
" ent Start
the healing
aid
me feel
I
1er
ny. My
to
see
39
I rai-r
I fell Use •

terley.
you
B



I
###PAGE###7###
Doctors of Bandana, Anatolia, are puzzled over the three-year-old son of Abbas Kayseri. The child weigh# 88 pounds and is still putting on weight rapidly. He has gained 42 pounds in the last year.
To conserve paper Japan will » not issue special holiday stamps for use on New Year greeting cards as in former years, and the restriction will cause a revenue lose to the government of nearly $8,000,000.
Propaganda Minuter Rumored A “Love Thief"
His Hobby Was To Hoard Steel
Sunday School Lesson

“Bruce Steel Kin*’.” 30 T of Steel Blocks Have Cope Under the Hammer
LESSON III
PETER SEES CHRIST'S GLORY Matt. 17l 1-lSl 2 Peter It 16-18
Golden Text, glory, glory as of the only begot from the Father. John li 14.
j This Curious World
More then 10 tom iOf steel In blocks end bars offered for sale near Walkerton recently at the auction of the effects of the late Joseph Schmidt, known as the ‘'Bruce Steel King* through his eccentricities In buying thle commodity lu large quantities remains unsold as a result of bide ranging no higher than $7 per ton.
By William Ferguson

We behold hi.
3PS.
tee
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Autumn, A.D. 29. The Second Epistle of Peter was written somewhere near A.D. 65,
Almost certainly on Mt. Herman, In the northern part of Palestine. We do nofknow where the Second Epistle was written.
1. And after six days. This six days after the great
BATS
Time.

Refused High Price
One block of steel, purchased by Schmidt two years ago, weighing It Is estimated, eight tons and for which the deceased paid, It is stated, 12,000, was put up for sale and drew a bid of only $25. In all It la believed that Schmidt had purchased more than $5,000 worth of steel, Including saws, hammers, sledges, bars and blocks from earnings accumulated from his labors as a farm helper and bushman.
The amount received by the estate apart from the blocks unsold would amount possibly to $100. Schmidt, who died less than a year ago at the age of 75, had made a hobby of buying steel and In war time refused a high figure for what he then had on hand.

TAILS
Place.
parachutes
WHEN STOPPING '
SUDDENLY.
Li
V
means
confession of Peter, and the rebuke that Peter received immediately afterward. Jesus taketh with him Peter, and James, and John his brother. Those three of his disciples who were most closely linked to him in heart and thought. And bringeth them up into a high mountain apart. That the transfiguration took place at night is the opinion of most students.
%
•A


Jé.

P
ORI3INALLS' ROUND ONiy ON THE AAAEPjCAN GONT1NBJNTS, HAS
;

Th# Transfiguration
2. And he was transfigured before them. No one can say exactly what the word here translated “transfigured” meant in the life of Christ, figuratively or spiritually. And his face did shine as the sun, and his garments became white as the light. The light around was more than a »obe put on from the outside. It was an emanation from the fountain of light within. These were raya that streamed forth from his own nature; and herein is the difference. In the case of Mores and the dying Stephen.
8. And behold, there appeared unto them Moses and Elijah talking with him. T hese two men were tht representative leaders of the Hebrew theocracy. Moses was the embodiment of the law, Elijah of thr prophets.
4 And Peter answered, and said unto Jesus, Lord, it is good for us to be here: if thou wilt, I wit make here three tabernacles; for thee, and one for Moses,
Chancellor Hitler, his Propaganda Minister Goebbell and Frau Goebbels, who acts as Hitler’s oflcial hostess, were pictured here in happier days, Goebbels is reported under a cloud as the result of e horse-whipping given him by friends of Actor Gustav Froelich, who objected to him forcing his attention on Froelich’s beautiful wife, Actress Lida Baarova. Hitler is reported to be angered by the scandal Frau Goebbels is perhaps Germany’s most influential woman.
Handling Cream After Separation
Remove to Clean, Sweet-Srael-lmg, Well Ventilated Place, And Cool Thoroughly
WORLD
f

THAT THE FARTHER FROM HOME MOTORISTS ARE,
Ê
Japan’s search for war-time substitutes has led to 4,000 inv tions, ranging from porcelain telephones t* waterproof cens and buckets. Celluloid razor blades and summer hats were among articles displayed at a Tokio exhibit
People Nowadays Harder To Please
Winnipeg Barber Claims That Old-Time Customers Were More Easily Satisfied

The fact that the separator Is kept clean and runs properly, does not necessarily prove that good cream will be on hand at churning time or that good butter can be made from it. The proper care and handling of the cream Is an important phase of the question, milk must have been produced from clean cows, in a clean barn, Into clean palls and by clean and careful milkers. It must have been removed from the barn Immediately after milking to the separator. Remove cream immediately after separation to a clean, sweet *mellingJ|M[ ventilated place and cool thorough-The cooling prevents the growth of bacteria that are in the milk and therefore keeps it flavor and condition good. It should be cooled to below 60 degrees Fahrenheit and held at that temperature until ripening time or delivery.
Public Roads and the Highway Department, showed that native cars average 38.2 miles per hour; cars from neighboring Massachusetts, 40.3 miles; those from Mew York, 41.3 miles; and ars from four mid western states averaged 44.9 miles an hour.
"The way to be happy is to get a cause that is worth while and identify your 'life with it.”—Upton Sinclair.
The
Edgar Doerr, barber la Winnipeg for 60 years, claims customers of the early days were more easily satisfied than those of the present day—excepting of course, the old-timer with the handle-bar moustache, which had to be trimmed Just so—or else.
Back in 1888. when he came from Perryvllle, Missouri, where he was born In 1870, It was Just ordinary hard clippers for a haircut and a straight razor for a shave. Now the customer has to be swathed In hot towels before and after a shave. The speedy electric cltpprs have made the old-time hand clippers almost obsolete.	,
Most notable of his customers around the turn of the century included the late Sir Hugh John Macdonald,’Sid Rod moud P. Roblin, Hon. Thomas Greenway, all former premiers of Manitoba, and Henry M. Stanley, explorer who searched for Doctor David Livingstone, lost In South Africa.
Mailing Of Skunk Skins Is Protested
Queen of the Nile
well
and one for Elijah. Peter makes the great mistake here in, ns it |, classifying the Lord Jesus among the great characters of Israel, as if the Lord was to have more glory on that mount than Moses and Elijah were to have. He certainly does not give any pre-eminent place to Christ.
member of
Medicine Hat post office employees are protesting against skunk skins being shipped through the mail. The smell of the packages is unbearable, they say.	\
Answer to Previous Puzzle
HORIZONTAL
1 Famous siren queen pictured here.
9 She was queen bf
13	Measure.
14	Incarnation Of Vishnu.
16 Lion.
18 Law.
20 Tadpole.
23 Toward. .
25 Serrated tools.
27	Measure bf paper.
28	Plural
29	Kimono sash
31 Gas aperture.
34 Ladies’
underwear.
36 To soften leather.
38	Aquatic mammal
39	Parent
40	Golf teacher.	¦¦
41	To leave out. 65 God of war
43 Courtesy
i y.
the
BrflHBBimnnne [ïiHnranura nnm
¦ 30E fluffin'!]
ÏMB! MNïiMCüti
tara g™ [a >] TinilflM a BBUBis Euan nnaras ani:i[i oemeib aEsra
uhb QBflaaafl
u	mbijib
dnna a ¦ flflii ¦ nsiriffiifl
family.
19 Pitchff,
21	Musical note. ,
22	She was the ,
most------
woman ot her ,. times.
24 Death notice,
26 To clip.
30 In.
32	Those driv- u * ing teams.
33	Venomous snakes!
35 Jewels.
37 Dry.
42 Stonemason chisel.
45 Rust fungi sort
47 Not tp depart
50 Not to win.
53	Preposition.
54	Secular.
55	Pale brown
57 Aurora.	-
59 Tone B	9
61 Spigot.
63	Mother.	*
64	Company.
It
were
OF
CHINA
no
uia a
Words From Heaven
HfflS
(•J 4
Are You Listening?
5. While he was yet speaking, behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them. And behold, a voice out of the cloud, saying, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased. On two other occasions a supernatural voie, brought testimony to the Lord Je*us: at him baptism (Matt. 3: 17), and to-the close of his life, on Sun-
EILTSIE
By FREDDIE TEE
CIMEM3W
aHHMti
46 Winter rains. VERTICAL 46 To accomplish 2 Behold.
£ 49 Snaky fish.
* 51 Hollow-homed ruminant
School and entered the Juiiliard School of Music. She was in her third year there and had won success with her violin joined the Spitalny band where she has been ever since. "Evelyn, and her magic violin” is a featured number.
Del King, whose voice is heard on \/« W’s "Avalon Time” broadcasts for an NBC network Saturdays at p. m., EST, is a veteran of 11 years in radio, but he hasn’t been annuonc i n g all those years.
Like many other present-day announc ers, King’s career started as a vocalist He made his professional debut over KMBC,
Kansas City, after
thrtc Atwater Kent auditions for vocalists. Before that he sang with the Kansas City Light Opera Company.
HERE AND THERE
Tommy Riggs, one of the most skillful skaters in radio, spends his time between rehearsals and broadcasts skating on the Radio City rink.
Frank Munn, who, is heard on NBC’s Waltz Time series, entered radio in 1923 and has never sung on an unsponsored show in all that time.
Evelyn is the only girl in Phil Spitalny’s all-girl Hour of Charm orchestra who is a true New Yorker. Brought up in the city, attending the New York schools finished the Julia Richman High
3	To sin.
4	Burden.
5	Employing flattery.
6	Transposed.
7	Knock.
8	Cupid.
10	A glance.
11	Taxaceous
when she
ware
day before the passover (John 12: 28) Three apostles could never agree that they heard certain words, at the same time, and in tho same place, unless such words actually uttcre:1. Thirty after this Simon Peter still
will be forgiven, he will receive God’s gift of eternal life, and he will be made a child of God at
62 Cavity.
56 Black haw. 58 Falsehoods. 60 Data.
62 Regular or cubic.
once.
2 Pet. 1: 16-18. 16. For we did not follow cunningly devised fables, when we made known unto you the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, but we were eyewitnesses of his majesty. 17. For he received from God the Father honor ano glory, when there was borne such a voice to him by the Majestic Glory. This is my beloved Son in whom I am well pleased: 18. and this voice we ourselves heard borne out of heaven, when we were with him in the holy mount. The apostle Peter, after having preached Christ for more than thirty years, is writing this second letter to other Christians, presumably Hebrew Christians, scattered throughout the world, to encourage and strengthen them in the faith, and to con-vi :ce those possibly in danger, of departing from the faith, through persecution, that there is no life, no hope, no power, and no future glory, outside of Christ. Peter is now an old man. The remem brance of the transfiguration was one of those things which helped Peter in every hour of temptation and trial to keep him unswervingly persuaded that Christ was the true Redeemer and the Son of God.

Angelina Orr
Charming Angelina Orr is regularly heard in leading feminine roles on Edgar Guest’s "It Can Be Done” programs over the Columbia network on Wednesday evenings. (WABC-CBS, 10.00 to 10.30 p.m., EST). Miss Orr began
É her radio career
0	as a singer over | Station WRVA
¦	in Richmond, Va.
1	in 1930, when
¦	she was attend-
¦	ing nearby Black-Q stone College. >\
¦	stunning brunI ette, Miss Orr in
¦	much sought as a ______________§ style and photo-
Angelin. Orr graphic model.
Tnke. Fully Warranted
The Rogers-Majestic Corporation announce that all Rogers Radio Tubes (which were the first successful A/C tubes made) are now covered by an unconditional warranty against defects, including ALL the tubes in the new 1939 DeForest Crosley, Rogers and Majestic
with Rogers Tubes, purchasers naturally get the benefit of this unconditional warranty.
were
tire.
remembers that he heard a voice on the mountain. The voice was none other than the voice of God the Father. The voice added, Hear ye him.
C. And when the disciples heard it, they fell on their face, and were sore afraid. 7. And Jesus came and touched them and said, Arise, and be not afraid. 8. And lifting up their eyes, they saw no one. save Jesus only.
The disciples needed to learn that Christ’s true glory was in suffering. They saw nothing in the cross but shame and defeat. This vision was to teach them that the cross was his throne.^
12 Deck above the spar.
15 Beer.
17 She was a
66	Julius-----
and Antony loved her.
67	To reside.
title.
44 Neuter pronoun.
«Ml
ii
IF
Del Kino
a

«

i

Back To The Multitude
Matt 17: 9-13. 9. And as they were coming down from the mountain, Jesus commanded them, saying. Tell the vision to no man, until the Son of man be risen from the dead. Any report on the part of these three disciples of what they had seen, Christ transfigured, would at that tike have been rejected on the part of those to whom the story was told, and would not in any way enhance the name of Chript, or convince anyone of his Messiahihip.
14. And when they were come to the multitude, there came to him a man. kneeling to him. and ¦¦¦15. Lord, have mercy on | my son; for he is epileptic, and suffering grievously; for oft-times he fnlleth into the fire, and oft-times into the water. 16. And 1 brought him to thy disciples, and they could not cure him. 17. And Jesus answered and said, O faith-leas and perverse generation, how long shall 1 be with you? how long shall I bear with you? bring him hither to me. The disciples had little faith; the father believed, and did not believe. This prevalence of perverse unbelief made it painful to live amid such a generation, and to suffer or bear with them. 18.2 And Jesus rebuked him; and the demon went out of m: and the boy waw cured from that hour. No sinner can ever sincerely come to Christ hut 1
IPffI
«V wj*
I

lels. When re-tubing
If kiXf
she
By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—The Extremity of Sobriety
nojVe
IT GIVES ME A PAIN EVEN IF MV SHOES ARE TIGHT/
BEEN VERY SOBER LATELY, POP/
say:ng.
v-

/
Yes—
U

9=
, IS
r
x
/

i
id
%
am

M2

^7
r
i
T
r
-12
Syndicate. Inc.
U,
ia

###PAGE###8###
Service Announcement
Defmv
ill» by 10 Points
Two rinks # Shu were delvnteil in •• fi i^ndly |k>u-| spiel Ht RenIIr* w o » FiMny night by h «core of 20 to 10.
The rinks w * re follow** :
Shaw v ili.e Art Hoxigin»
D..S.E McDowell K\ I ni ta in 0. O. McDowell
Sha
January Savings in Heavy Clothing
Shawvill* United Church
H tv. A. F. Foies B. A, IU>. Pastor
Sunday, Jan. 42
11.00 a m , Service at Shawville 1.30 p.ra.t Service at Zion 3.00 p.m.. Service at Stark’s Corners.
Sermon subject
4lWorshii
iHe Curlew
% %
DALE’S TINSHOP
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Ken fr rw
S.	Williams,
J. T. Anderson*
W. Henshaw,
G. Scott,
Skip
M. K. Lindany, Dr. K, McDowell*
T.	Bar»,
F. O. Dench,
Skip.......
i and WOT*.
7.30 p.m., Service at Shuwville Sermon subject t—
M A four-letter word, favored by God ”j
Student# Overcoats fully lined and interlined, in hi-avy woollen cloth, sizes to 37 priced to clear at
Good Quality Doeskin Workshirts, “Deacon make", in navy scarlet and wire, sizes 14 1-2 to 17 1-2
Bob Morris Winter Caps, heavy cloth, some with ear bands...
Horsehide Pullover Mitts, full welted, with choppers thumb..
Woollen Work Socks
Ski
8
17
Maple Syrup Equipment
Win. t Whrane
A P qnaguat O S|**n<r U H. MacLean
Skip ....
. $9.50
Brirtvl United Church
C. Armstronu-Salkk, K D.
Sunday, Jan. 42
St. Andrew’s Service at 10.30 “	11 Sunday School 11.30
Service at 2 30 Service at 7.30
• ••
• see
Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment ? If not, do so now ! as this is the time of year we make up supplies. Give us your order now I we can supply you with :
Pans, all sizes
8
9
Si. Alban** Vestry Meeting
$1.25
Austin i Knox
Subject : “A Tragedy of the Hour.
#####
Meeting of St Alban’s
The Annual Ve-try the Ooiign gation of Church, HmikniHii, *\*h held on Tuesday, .laMiaiy 10th, with the Incumbent in the chair There was a good attendance. The peoples w Milieu, Mr. Thomas Benii, read the financial statement which showed a gain over the previous year with all apportionments paid in full.
The financial report of the Ladles Guild was react by the treasurer Mrs. Harry Hough*-, which showed a fair balance on hand. The Incumbent, Rev Thomss Liggett, expressed a vote of thank- to the Guild for their help in the past year
The following officers were appointed for 1989 : Minister’s warden Garland Hodgioa ; people'* warden Thomas Kean ; delegate to Synod,
Fred Smart and Kyle Smiley.
The Incumbent expressed a vote ¦¦	of thank* to the congregation for
Mrs. Hugh Ross was the hostess the new roof on the church, which to the Elmside Women's Institute was put on in the fall, for the January meeting. Mrs.
W. 1. Murray, the president, was Mrs. Thomas Knox. Aged in the chair and 11 member» and Resident ef Quyon Passes 11 visitors were present.
Business being disposed of the Tribute to the memory program was on the Industries of Thomas Knox was paid Canada.	funeral held on Friday from her
A paper prepared by Miss Mar* late residence to St. Mary’s church jorie Drummond, was graciously for rtqtiiem high mass, chanted by
taken by Miss Grace McKechnie, Rev. Father McDonald. _________
who gave a wonderful description was in Pontiac cemetery, and detailed account of the fishing The pallbearers were her two industries on both the Atlantic eons, Peter and Dan Knox ; three and Pacific coasts.	grandsons. Thomas, Leo and J. J.
At the close refreshments were Knox and her son-in-law, Percy served by the hostess	Moyle.
The next meeting will be held at Mrs Knox was the former Sabina the home of Mrs. P. Armstrong
$1.00
ANGLICAN
Sunday, Jao> 82
St. Paul's
10.00	a. in.—Sunday School
7.30	p. ro.—Evening Prayer Morning Service With brawn
Holy Trinity
11.00	a. m.—Holy Communion
St. Luxefc
1.30	p. m.—-Evening Prayer
Thursday, Jan. 19 8.00 p. m.—Evening Prayer
MIMMI
•••••
Sap Cans,
Maple Syrup Cans, Evaporators
65 ota.
########
25 ota.
Iron Coolers,
Spoils,
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
DALE’S TIHSHOP, SHAWVILLE, DUE.
Fur Pelts Wanted
I wish to announce to the that I am in the market kinds of seasonable fur pelts and assure highest market prices.
NORRIS R. HORNER, .Licensed Fur Dealei* Shawville, Que.
public for all
NOTICE
January Meeting of Elmeâde W. I
Annual Meeting of Pontiac Agricultural Society Tuesday, January 24th
The annual meeting of County of Pontiac Agi (cultural Society, No. 1, (Div. A.) will be held in the Society Dining Hall, Shawville, Que., at 1.80 o’clock on Tuesday afternoon, January 24th, for the consideration of the annual financial statement, the election of Directors aud all general business of this annual meeting.
Shawville, Que., Jan. 9th, 1939. A.G. Brough,
President.
Shawville Bakery
of Mrs. Shawville Win
at her
National Grocers Cup
For a tasty loaf try
Shawville Curlers came into possession of the National Grocers challenge cup on Monday night by defeating two rinks of Pembroke curlers, on Shawville ice, b> a score of 34 to 14 The rinks and scores :
Pembroke—A. Box, D. J. Man-deville. 0. Chisholm, A. B. Part-skin 8.
Shawville — G. T. Paul. H. C Rowat, R G. Hodgins, J. M. Argue, skip 15,
Pembroke — C. Matthews, W. J La bow, B Ives, A. Storie, skip 6.
a.sHcdS!15*b.o î£££iï: a:	«—"i
M. Turner, skip 19.	Meeungs ________
Interment
Shawville Bread
R. XV Hodgins, Sec.-Treas.
rid
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
Morin, and wa- born in Quyon 83 years ago. She married Thomas Knox about 55 years ago and lived in Masham for 20 years when she moved to Quyon,
Mrs Knox had been ill for a ViVHPUHHHHHHHi couple of weeks, and although her The annual congregational sup death was not unexpected ht came per preceded the Vestry meeting as a shock to her many friends and of Holy Trinity Chinch, Radford, relatives
on Friday evening ia the parish Surviving in addition to her hall	husband are five sons, John, of
Following the supper the rector Calgary, James, of Peace River, called the meeting to order and Daniel, of Noranda ; Peter, of the regular business of the parish Quyon ; Michael, of Detroit ; one was discussed	daughter, Miss Catherine Knox,
Mr. J. B Horner, people s war- of Noranda, Another daughter, den, presented the financial stand (Mary) Mrs, Percy Moyle, died ingof the congregation, showing three years ago. One sister, Mrs. a credit balance at the end of the Margaret McGee, of Ottawa, also year.
Following the general business, arrangements were made to point the outside of the church this year.
Mr. Ira Hanna was appointed in charge of this work. Plans were also made for the erection of a kitchen to the parish hall, with The death occurred early Friday the men of the congregation ar. of Mrs. Robert Mullen, well-known ranging to take out sufficient him resident of Horton township, who ber this winter for this purpose. passed away at her home on the Officers were then elected as the Portoge du Fort road. For-follows : People’s warden, Mr. J. merly Mary Scobie, she was a K Horner ; Rector’s warden, Mr. native of Lanark township, and Wm. Hanna.	married Robert Mullen several
Delegates to the Diocesan Synod, years ago in Horton, where she bad Messrs. Lauris Brownlee and Ira resided since,
Hanna
Results of Municipal Elections
Shawville Village
Holy Trinity Church Vestry Held Annual Meeting
For three Councillors
Ormiston Eades, re-elected.......
G A Howard, new..................
Emerson Cotie, re-elected........
El wood Dale,....................
John J Caldwell............ ..	•
G G McDowell elected mayor by
acclamation
101
Reductions on
Memorials
98
The annual congregational meetings of the United Churches of the Shawville field are being held
The Annual Vestry meeting of **TneSsy* Jan. 17. Starke Cornera, St. George s Church. Campbell a in the ball.
Bay. was held in the Parsonage on xhuraday, Jan. 19, Shawville, in the evening of January 5th at 880. y*, Sunday School room.
The wardens submitted a favour- py-iday, Jan 20. Zion, in the Sun able financial report of the year s dey gg^ool
work considering the expenses *t all these meeting» reports of land for the Anglican Cemetery 1988 will be given with the election
Lionel Martin the Treasurer which Ap members, adherents and at showed a substantial balance on tendants are invited to these im
Reports from the À.Y.P.A. and ******* meetings.
Sunday School indicated satisfactory progress.
The attendance at the services of the chuich for the year showed a
definite increase.	The members of St. George s I
The election of officers for the Women’» Auxiliary, Campbell's I year resulted as follows: Minister's Bay. held their annual meeting at I Warden, Mr. E. Gillis ; People's the Parsonage on Thursday, Jan. | Warden. Mr. H. Martin ; Delegates 5th. After the reports were given, to Synod, Mr. A. Flood and Mr. F. which showed a successful year,
Miss Leona the election of officers took place
with Rev D Andrews presiding.
Officers elected were as follows : Honorary president. Mrs D. Andrews ; president. Mrs. G. Wilson; vice president, Mrs. J. Carty ; secretary, Mrs. A. Flood ; treasurer, Mrs. L Martin : Dorcas sec retary, Mrs. Herbert Martin ; Little Helpers, Mrs. 1). Andrews ; Secretary. Mrs. G. Murphy.
80
Meeting C
pbelTs Bay
71
50
I
In
Clarendon Township
For Mayor
W H Barr, re-elected ..
G A Howard............
Lome Armstrong.........
Councillors elected by acclamation Roy Macfarlane, returned ; L A Smart, new ; Ezra Grant, new.
Bristol Township
For Councillor. Seat No. 2
Marble and Granite
roo
124
It ie natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory of a loved one.
We believe that our years of experience in the manufacture of memorials, enables us to produce a suitable memorial at all prices.
We offer on any order placed between now and May l6ts a discount of 10 percent.
119
survives.
39
at
Mrs. Robert Mullen
the
78
John B Duff ..
David W Grant
Retiring Coucillors in Seats Nos. 1 and 3, Thus McNeill and Hiram Beattie were respectively, elected by acclamation. A former mayor Nelson J McLellan was returned without opposition.
Thorne Township
Mayor W D McCleary and Councillors, A Sheppard, Allan Smith and Otto Hahn re-elected by acclamation.
Annual Meeting St. George’s
16
Women’s Auxiliary
»
Surviving are six none, Robert of Braeside; Hugh, of Arnprior; John, of Horton; Stephen, of Stark’s Corners and Daniel and Henry at home.
Shawville
Marble & Granite Works Main Street, Shawville, Qua.
Frost ; Organist,
Martin.
After the business session re fresbmeuts were Reived.
Junior Guild Elect Officers
Litchfield Township
The Junior Guild of St. Paul’s church met at the home of Miss Idena Brownlee on Thursday evening last, to select their officers for 1939. The Rector conducted the meêting and Miss Amy Corrigan read the financial report. The Treasurer reported over four hundred dollars had been raided during the year After all obliga tions had been met, |the Guild still had a credit balance business session report after which the meeting proceeded to the election of officers. The following were then chosen President, Mi
Mayor James Peeve? and Councillors Gerald Kavanagh, W T Burns and Thomas Wrenn all received acclamation.
To the Electors of Clarendon
and Shawville
Tenders Wanted
Campbell's Bay Village
Mayor E C Lawn, ML A., returned unopposed. Election results for Coun-
David Lunam, ....
Asa Smith ........
Jack Derouin........
Ernie Gillis. ......
Michael St Germain
Charles P Shea,-----
Thomas H Mousseau J. Derouin was elected on the pre siding officer’s vote
Tenders will be received, by the undersigned, until Friday, January 201b, 1939, for the following cedar squares :
8x8 and 6x6, three quarters to be 8 x 8 ; length, 12 and 16 feet, five per cent may be 8 feet.
First Draw In Men’s Curling Club
145
I wish to express my sincere thanks to many citizens of the Township of Clarendon and the Village of Shawville for their handsome support in Monday's elections for Mayor of Clarendon and Councillor for Shawville.
I wish to congratulate Mayor W. H. Barr on hid success in Clarendon, and I assure the people of Shaw* ville that I will serve on their Council in what 1 believe to be the best interests of all.
105
A general followed the
Wed Jan 18, 7.30 Tkur
2-6
1—6
87
87
19, 7.30
1—8
2-5
J A. DEAN,
Secretary Treasurer, Municipality of Clarendon
42
4—9
3—7
9.00
32
4-t7
3-6 2—8
Fri
20, 7.30 ' " 9.00 ' 23, 7.30 " 9.00 1
20
Melba Hodgins; vice president, Miss Mattie Cochrane ; treasurer, Miss Amy Corrigan ; secretary, Miss Muriel Strutt; Buying committee, Misses Lucille Brough, Lorna Wilson, Irene Shaw.
Refreshments were served at the close of the meeting by Mies Idena Brownlee.
1S8
1-9
6-9
1-7
Mon
Announcement !
3—8
4—5
Bryson Village
2-7
3—9
Wed. M 25, 7.30
Mayor Robert Carswell returned up opposed. Election results for Council lors were :
Clarence Wall, re-elected.......
J Alphonse Migneault re-elected
Leslie A Poole, re-elected.....
J M Gardiner....................
Joseph Derouin..................
Would the children, or young people interested in singing please get in touch with me at Mrs. Lindsay Armstrongs.
1 -have planned a very interesting course, especially suited to young people. This will take the form of private lessons at $3.00 for eight half-hour lessons.
Also piano lessons at the same price. Have had considerable experience in both departments, so feel sure I can give complete satisfaction.
4—6	5—8
9 00
1—R. Smith, James Gordon,
E. Hodgins, G. G, McDowell, skip g C. W. Schwartz, M. Blakley,
F Corrigan, R. G. Hodgins, skip 3 - Aw Wilsoi?, B. Foreman,
L R. Wilson, W. E Shaw, skip 4—N. Drummond, W. E. Cochrane,
G. A. Spence, A G. Brough, skip 3 0. Lindsay, C. S. Douglas,
C. Iraieon, A. D. McCredie, skip 6—J. A. Dean, W. A. Hodgins,
W. McKinley, C. H. MacLean, skip 7 - Allan McKay, W R. Beckett,
M. E. Hodgins, 0. T. Paul, skip •—Chow Dewah, Dr. Campbell,
Art. Hodgins, B. C. Horner, skip 3 R. Fairfield, D. A. McDougall,
Dr. McDowell, H. M Turner, skip
Sparks -Dr. Docks, J. M. Argue,
Rev. Nurse, A. W. Pequcgnat, H. C. Rowat, J. E. Cowan.
Sincerely and thankfully,
60
G. A. Howard
49
43
37
Shawville Woman's Institute
36
Calumet Island Township
Frank Rouleau, mayor by acclamation. Wm Murphy, Leon Hamelin and A. Dumouchel elected Councillors.
Fort Coulonge Village
Raoul Poisson defeated Wm Kenney for mayor by a majority of 41 votes. No election for councillors.
Quyon, North and South Onslow
The Councils of Quyon village, North and South Onslow remain the same as last year.
Shawville Womens Institute met at the home of Mre. B H Cochrane on Tuesday night of last week with Mrs. L Corrigan and Mrs R. G. Hodgins assisting Cochrane. The president, Mrs. L Corrigan was in the chair and Miss Wimrifred McDowell took the
minutes.
It was decided that the Institute exhibit articles at the 1939 Shaw ville Fair, and plans were made for different articles to be made by that time.
A report was given on the good cheer baskets sent ont at Christmas time. The contest of childhood pictures was much enjoyed by
At the close, refreshments were j served by the hostesses,
ESTABLISHED 1888
C. TRICKEY
Mrs
INVALID
COACH
FOR SALE
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Comforter Bats, Spinning Bolls and Yarn, made frem pure virgin wool, given in exchange for good wool.
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
Leelie, Clapfcam and" Huddersfield
Mayor F. Racine, re elected; councillor* Jos Lance and E Schwarts, re-elected.
all
ARMSTRONG WOOLEN MILL
Shawville, Qu«,
Phone 80
Orilla Csrrivean, new
