###PAGE###1###
1 $1.50 per annum In Advance } 2.00 to the United States
AVRIL 6. 1
8HAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY
No 41, 56th Ybar
Cowling
BORN
Pirib — At Shawville Community Ho*pibil. on Wednesday, March 20th, 1 m, to Mr. and Mr- Edwin Pirie, of Maryland, (jne., a daughter-Joy Patricia
W oolhky— At Y aim. Qu*, on Tuesday» March 28th, 1W90, to Mr. and Mrs. Heman Woolsley, (nee Ida Hod gin»), a son.
PERSONAL MENTION
Dr. R. G. Docks will be anmy from hie office from Thursday morning, April tUh, to Wednesday morning, April 12tn.
Shawville Hardware
Mies Phillis Hamilton, Reg. N ,
spent the week end with her mother in Ottawa.
Mr. Glenn Hodgins has returned
: a courue at ege, Ottawa.
Business College
Foon Salk-Zion Womens Association will hold a food sale in
Mrs. Hunt's building (opposite home after completing Pontiac House) on Saturday, Cowling Business Loll*
April 8th, at 2.80 p. m.	Mrs. Leu Wood, of Montreal.
ÆVîarAW BU-va* ?vh Æ
stock, farm Implements and house- ne,,y*
hold ehecte on Wednesday after* Mr. H C. Rowat was in Mont-noon, April 12th, at one o'clock, at real last week to attend the funer-the home of Edward H. Mee, 7th aj of his nephew, the late Willard
Line, Clarendon.	Rowat.	SMITH-HbaTIIERINOTON
day evening, April 12. Games Brough.	Annie Letitia Heatherington. of
X?jK&	fit B'n„Mr IMS: | HABLAND 0. ROWAT
to attend. Admission, 15 cents. visiting their relatives in town for Heatherington. of Breckenridge,
aaes#	iSliSF
iæsEËi 'ëse&s&* i|sa?ss
--....... bt % aeflSfat—*
An onenng win oe Mf8 Woolsey Clark, of West
lock. Alta , arrived last week to visit her sister. Mrs. W. J. Eades, who is a patient in Ottawa Civic Hospital.
Mrs. Wm. A McAllister and daughters, the Misses Arlene and Lois, of Ottawa, spent the weekend at the home of her sister, Mrs
The Shawville Agricultural David T. Hodgins.
Short Course, after a very success Mr. Douglas McDowell, who refill week, came to a close Friday cently completed a business course evening. The course is held under jn Ottawa has taken a position in the auspices of the local Agricnl- the local office of the Hank of tarai Society with the co opéra- Nova Scotia.	Band Concert
îr ?LAhe A	attendance Miss Marjorie Wilson, who is Successful Event
ssi BMvrEEEEi j» aa ssytïsaç
"CÆ™.- Monday .nd	*
the following officers were elected: ivuson, at i«riu.	The entire program was under
President, David Belanger, Camp- Miss Kathleen Graham, who is the direction of Bandmaster, C. belle Bay ; Vice-president, Burns attend ng Macdonald College for fvïokey..who leaves this week to Bussell, Biistol ; Sec Treas. Lee the Intermediate Teachers Course, undertake similar duties in con Hodgins, Shawville.	is spending the Easter vacation nection with Boys’ Bands in Port
Lectures were given on Monday with her mother, Mrs. James [>OVer district, by N. A Drummond, E. Boudreau Graham, Wyman.	The program consisted of a
in the old town.	numbers. Two local juvenile
soloists, the little Misses Marjorie Smart and Dora Smyth, con11 lbut ed several selections which were well received.
Piano accompanists were Mr».
Edgar Hodgins and Mr. Ti n-key

38 Bank Street Ottawa, Canada
The only business school in this district that measures up to the standard set by the Business Educators. Association of Canada— the highest in the Dominion.
Enter any time. Individual instruction
the Çenuine
Shirw/n ¦ Williams #	w
emijustre
I


MARRIED

%
SATIN-ENAMEL
$1.50

W. I. COWLING, President
M. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
The sensational witfimble satin enamel for walla, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other stain# wash off with soap and water. We have a full selection of the lovely pastel shades.
Per
lies
C
Quart
NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE. QUE.
Call and see our new 1939
Wallpaper Samples
Main Street, Que
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc,
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que (In Lawn Block)

Est. C. J. Caldwell
CLINTON H. DOWD
B. A, LL B , C.L.
Advocate, Barrister, etc.
Easter time received.
Mr. and Mr». Samuel Sinclair Celebrate 55th Wedding Anniversary
Maik Street
Hull, Que
Short Course Most
Successful

Phone, Sher. 1354
Mr. and Mr». Samuel Sinclair of King Street, Shawville, celebrated their fifty-fifth wedding anniversary on Sunday, April 2nd. The
b%6mifTaod%%| DONAT Le GUERRIER
MMMNEMSMMm&ome to extend
MEN’S
FOOTWEAR
At Pontia House, Shawville, Que e -»ry Friday evening.
who called at theit congratulations and best wishes
B.A., LL. B


Notary Public
CAMPBELL’S BAY, QUEBEC
{Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request,
Matters dealt with by correspondence
Our new Spring lines are complete, we have shoes and work boots made by the following high class manufacturers
Dp. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
609 Drummond Medical Building Drummond Street
MONTREAL, QUE.
F
I
John Palmer Co. Palmer McLellan Co. Williams Shoe Co.
Eudore Fournier Creb Shoe Co. Sisman’s Hartt Shoe Co.
0 7
PLATEAU 63 8 8
l
X
DU. WALLACE J. W. HODGINS Surgeon Dentist
—Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
counting.
contest wdsUPHi J ¦ I which ten young men took part The speeches, in almost every case,
were very well delivered, and the Miss Kathrine Tracy who id at-
young men are to be congiatulnt tending Macdonald College, . is
ed on their efforts, fudges on the 8penc||n« the Easter vacation with contest were. Ref. A. F. Fokest R her parents, Mr. and Mrs. R J. Alex. Sim, Montreal, and E. Bund- p . at yHr,n. Miss Tracy i* reati, Ottawa. Miss Grace Mac- aoc<>iiipanied by her friend. Miss Kechnie gave an interesting ad- Vivian McLellan, of Caplin, Uaspé, dress on “harming m China, q Brief addresses were given by A. ^
G. Brough, vice president ol the
WW Women ¦ I.Bti.ote
Eudes. N. A Drummond, agrono-	---- ... . u w
mist, whs chairman for the even- Wyman Women s Institute held inu A four piece orchestra com- the March meeting at the home of
posed of Harvey McArthur. James Mrs. XV. J. Thompson with an
Uean, Gilbert Kilgour and Gordon attendance of thirteen members Armstrong furnished a number of and three visitors. On account ol musical selections.	. much sickness, the meeting had
The poultry judging competition not been held on the usual day was held on Wednesday with Mr. earlier in the month.
R Wilson, Ottawa, in charge. Mr. The president. Miss Abbie Prit-Wilson later gave an interesting chard presided, assisted by the lecture on “Poultry " This was tirst vice president, Miss Edey, followed by R. A. Sim on “Adult and the secretary, Mrs. W. F. Education '' Wednesday evening Pritchard. The Roll Call was Mr Sim delivered a second address answered with a reason tor being which was illustrated by a three- an Institute member and payment reel film on the co-operative move- of fees. As this was the Annual ment in Nova Scotia. Prof. L G. Meeting, the year’s work was re-Heimple also spoke on “Education viewed in the reports or the for Farm Youth.” Thursday, Dr. secretary, the treasurer, and the Campbell, Dr, MacKenzie, Prof, conveners of committees. These, pel spoke. Dr. MacKenzie with the report of the programme conducted live stock judging com- committee, were accepted, petitions in Ayrshire and Holstein The following were elected
vat tie.	officers for the -coming year
Sheep and swine judging took President, Miss Abbie Pntehaid ; place on Friday with Mr. F. F. Vice-Presidents, Miss Edith Prit-Baird in charge. The competition chard and Mrs. S. W. MacKechnie ; was followed by lectures on live Sec.-Treae., Mrs XV. F. Pritchard ; stock subjects Iu the evening Assistant, Mrs. Roland Graham * Mr. George Robertson, Dominion Conveners of Committees, Agricul-Poultry Husbandman, gave an ture, Mrs. R Graham ; Canadian illustrated lecture on his recent Industries, Mrs. XV. G. Hudson: trip to Hawaii. Brief addresses Canadianizition and National were given by R. P Fades, who Events, Mrs. A. Cleary ; Education represented the local council, A. G. anJ Better Schools, Mrs. XV F. Brough, vice president of the So- Pritchard; Child XVelfare and ciety J. R McDowell and David Public Health, Mr-. 8. W. .Mac Belanger, president of the Course. Kechnie ; Home Economics, Mrs. Cups and prizes were then pre j. a. Graham ; Immigration, Mrs. aented to the winner». The Agron- \V L Sharpe ; Legislation, omist'H cup for the highest aggre- H. J. Young ; Publicity, Miss E gate score in the course, and the jj. Edey ; Talent Basket, Mrs. J. Shawville Creamery cap for the Hilliard Bronson ; Delegates to highest aggregate score in live the County Convention. Mrs. J. N. stock and poultry judging were McLellan, .Mrs Roland Graham, both won by Lee Hodgins. The and Mrs. H. J. Young ; Delegates
Shawville Milling Co. cup for seed to Provincial Convention, Mrs. W. judging was won by Oliver Bean, q, Hudson.
Shawville Boys’ Band and Dumas An exhibit of articles made out orchestra supplied music for the Qf something that would otherwise evening	,	^ be cast aside was on display.
Standing of contestants in the During the social hour that different contests appears else- followed refreshments were served
where In this issue.	by the hostess.
*9
W I
^ Zi
X
û /
A Ai
O
B EL AIR 3 257
a
i
D. J. CAMPBELL
i
Well known Traveller Dies Suddenly,at Campbell's Bay

Veterinary Surgeon
SHAWVILLE
\
Percy Arthur Frappier, wall known traveller for the Lake of Woods Milling Company, died suddenly in Campbell e Bay Monday while making a.;business
î
y pa i
Street, Lanreutain View, Ont. He ie survived by him wife, the for iner.Miss Ilubyi A molt, of Ottawa, four sons and three daughters all at home ; two brothers, and four sisters.
The funeral will |be held from the parlors of Boise and Playfair, Ottawa, on Thursday afternoon
i
Phone 81
Z
i
Dp. R. G. DOCKS

on
Dental Surgeon
Frappier was in hi« 48:h His home was at Wesley
Mr
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell’s Bay from Friday night to Monday night of each week.
Work Boots and Fine Shoes from
SI.95 up to SIO.OO
- h.
-I
Special—See our special Heavy Duty Arch
A real good work boot for men
Men with foot trouble
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
JAMES A. MILLAR
Boot.
made by Greb. should see this boot.
Eye, fier, No.e and Throat Spaciali.t
B. A.. LL.L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
Hull,Que.
MioicaL «ara building
He!
1,0 METCALFE STREET,
ONT
OTTAWA. -
PHONE, 1-7961
l29 Main St.,
AtPoatiacHouia, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
At Moyle’. Hotel, Campbell',Bey,
every Wednesday morning.
boys special
w. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
QUE
A new ShOBpack—A special work or play toot for boys, that will stand good hard wear. Made by Fournier, a good snappy
looking boot.
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT .. BARRISTER
PHONE, 2 22
SHAWVILLE
169 MAIN STRICT,
HULL, QUEBEC
At Proud foot’» Hotel, Campbell's Bay, every Tuesday from 2.00 to 4 30 p m. At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.00 to 8.00 p m.
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
$2.50
Mrs

m
REPRESENTING OMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins. Lt’d
CLARENCE T. BROWNLEE
REPRESENTING
MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE Co.
OF CANADA
Phone 20-7, R. 1, Shawville, Que
Quebec
Shawville
SHAWVILLE - QUE
###PAGE###2###

e. No. It if extremely rude and ill-bred to do so, as it is sure to disturb other persons nearby who are listening to the play. 6. Dr. and Mrs. William Young.
WGWT nits #*Y WNUTÉ
HowDoYoufoel?
then Arm the soil with a heavy roller or pounder.
REMOVE WEEDS
Unless the ground I has been thoroughly cultivated and then allpwed to lie idle the year before there is bound to be a good deal of weed seed in the soil. Some of this will germinate after the lawn is sown. Such weeds should be removed constantly, especially In the earlier stages.
Afterwards a good lawn fertiliser every year will push the grass along sufficiently to choke out most of these offenders. The Arst cutting of the grass is made when about three inches high and should be done with a very sharp mower. Frequent rolling when the ground is soft and regular mowing are advised.
nerve Abre of the brain running from the pre-frontal lobes which direct activity of the rest of the brain by electral nerve impulses. Many and sometimes most of these fibres are cut, thus interrupting the electoral circuits. Then the brain covering is sewed together, the bone plugs are replaced in the skull and the scalp stitched over.
MEASURE LIGHT VELOCITY
A Harvard scientist has rigged a speedometer to measure velocity in the neighborhood of 186,000 miles a second, it's the latest apparatus for "the Arst completely automatic measurement" of the velocity of light.
BOILED KETTLE WITH OLD CRUTCHES
What Science * Is Doing *

Tired? Writable? No ambition? Look at your watch —note the time. The same
time tomorrow, compare how you feel then with the way you do right now I In the meantime, etoo at your drug store *nd. tonight, drink a cup of Garfield Tea.
Tonight — "Clean Up Inside" — Peel Different Tomorrow!
Lose that let-down feeling. Let Oar-field Tea clean away undigested waste#
----- ••ieft.overe.M Acts gently,
promptly, thoroughly. Drink Ilk# ordinary tea lOe — z5e«
iBÊÊÊÊiÊÊI^ Write for Free Sa roll pie of Garfield Head-V ache Powder — ale# W Garfield Tea, used
O for constipation, acid Indigestion, and to
keep clean Inside." Writ#: Garfield Tea Co., Dept. SI, 1 Close Avenue, To* ronto I. Canada.
Because the nearest white
man's law is 80 bltssard^swept
miles away at Nenana, natives of
the interior Alaska Indian village of Minto, have petitioned Uncle Sam to make every man his own policeman. The main purpose, they say, Is to curb intoxication.
Ralph J. Rivers, district attorney at Fairbanks, told the Indians the law stated any citisen could make an arrest under certain conditions.
The Indians said they were going to try it.
Once Used Them Because Of Rheumatism
CAUSE OF EPILEPSY
Scientists are close to the threshold of learning the exact causes of the dread malady, epilepsy, the disease once ascribed to visitations of the devil. By use of an electro encephalograph machine it has been discovered that epilepsy is marked by abornmal-ities in the "electric" rhythm of the brain cells.
The machine also has enables investigators to predict convulsions "sometimes a day ahead, and thus make peparation possible."
He was not wrong, either—this who concluded that he would
in. Writ-
mot need his crutches aga ing of his experiences, ne says:
"For five years I suffered terribly from rheumatic pains, and 1 began to think my case hopeless. I also had a bad stomach, and 1 rarely had a meal without my food repeating on me. One day an old friend told me to try kruschen Salts. So I bought a bottle and gave it a trial.
"After some time I was able to enjoy a good meal and to walk more freely. One morning I got up and lit the fire, and my mother thought I was crazy, because I sawed my old crutches up and boiled the kettle for coffee with them. That was six years ago, and I am now back at my old job as a chef."—H.A.B.
Do you realise what causes a rood deal of rheumatism ? Nothing but sharp-edged uric acid crystals which form as the result of sluggish eliminating organs. Kruschen Salts can always be counted upon to clear those painful crystals from the system.
—Intestinal
ft
PNEUMONIA CURE FOUND Sulfapryidine, a new drug discovered in Great Britain last spring, has been used successfully to fight pneumonia. The dread killer is now declared by the medical profession to be "licked". All patients respond rapidly to the drug irrespective of the type of pneumonia present, a report Bays.
WHEN SOIL !3 READY It is useless, in fact decidedly bad business, to work soil too early. If stirred up when wet it Is liable to cake into hard lumps, that will be hard to break down later on. If when walking over the garden, one's boots become muddy then the time is not yet Soil fit for cultivation should crumble when squeezed gently in the hand, not compact into a ball.
REMOVE SUICIDE IMPULSES
A new operation for correcting extreme mental upsets which cause many suicides is described by Dr. J. G. Lyerly of Jacksonville, Fla.
Dr. Lyerly explained that he makes two holes in the skull, just above and in front of the cars. Then by gradually cutting through the brain covering he reaches the
I
Classified Advertising
HOGS FOR SALE
ARTICLES FOR SALE
Compacts shaped like a telephone dial are a craze in Paris, the places for letters and numbers having men's initials or telephone numbers.
FOR SALE — FOUR
YEAR
Yorkshire Sire. Beet Market Pen Royal Winter Fair and other Boar Winners; Yearling boar elre, Orandslre, and two nearest G run-damn in Advanced Registry. Four months boars and sows. Shade-land Farms, Eden, Ont
OLD
FLAGS. BUNTING, PLAIN AND Waterproof Truck Covers and Tents. Prices and samples on request. John Leckle Ltd,
Toronto.
HAWAIIAN GUITAR WITH ALL fittings and Ten Free Lessons, regular $10.00 value—only $6.46 delivered. Limited number only. Order now. R. S. Williams Company, 4SI King St West. Toronto.
Canada’s Maple Sugar Industry Is Booming This Spring
Modern
Etiquette
MANGEL SEED FOR SALE
MANGEL SEED — GIANT WHITE Feeding; grade one, lb. 30c—4 lbs. $1.00; *0 lbs. $4.00. (Anti-war confession of faith 25c). Prepaid. Ask quantity or .trade price. Menno dauder, Grower, Elmira, Ont,
';VV-

AGENTS WANTED

BY ROBERTA LEE
AGENTS WANTED IN EVERY district to sell a product used In every home. This Is a money maker. Box 81. Toronto Post Office.
X

1.—What is the principal thing for a hostess to consider when selecting guests for a week-end par-
*3
MEDICAL SLWLIE»
s
DON'T SUFFER FROM SORE UR Tired Feet Try the new Andy'» ¦ Salve A Liniment Large Ointment y 11.Ou—60c bottle. Liniment EE—First order only. Your money back If not satisfied. Please write to Andy's Salve & Liniment Manufacturing. 101 Alexander SU Toronto.


BIO SPARE-TIME PROFITS. REPresenting leading Canadian, American, British publications. Dept. A, Fidelity Circulation, Box 100, Toronto.
si v
ty?

i
on I
2.	—Should one ever sip coffee, tea, or water at the table while food is in the mouth?
3.	—Isn't it ill bred for a person to walk along the sidewalk eating candy or fruit?
4.	—When attending a dinner, would a guest be rude if she switched the place cards so that she would be seated next to the persons she desired?
5.	—Isn't it ail right to talk to one's companion while a motion picture is in progress?
6.	—How should the visiting card of a doctor and hie wife read?

FR
i

ASTHMA, BRONCHITIS

NO FILM REQUIRED
IF SUFFERING FROM ASTHMA or chronic bronchitis send 10c today for trial of ASTONE TABLETS. the remarkable British Remedy which Is giving instant relief to many thousands. Literature free. Astone Products, 73 A Adelaide West, Toronto. Sold by lets at 50c and $1.00._______________
Z
SEND US YOUR SNAPSHOTS UR old photos. We specialise In making enlargements direct from print. 6" x 7" enlargements cured 60c; 8" x 10" enlargement coloured 75c. Stamps accepted. Tru Foto Studios Limited, New Birks Building, Montreal.
any
col-
Dru

BABY CHICKS
I'AiNNTI

’
AN OFFER TO EVERY INVENTOR. Lift of Intentions end full Infor» cnatlon sent free. The Ramsay Company, Registered. Patent Altorneye, 87.1 Bank ML Ottawa. Can.
SAVE THE AGENT'S COMMISSION. Buy your chicks direct Tweddle maintains no agents or branches. Large production at Fergus has greatly reduced Tweddle selling price. Compare prices, compare quality. Grade A Heavy Breeds $11.00, Pullets $18.00, Cockerels if.00. Leghorns $10.60, Pullets $22.00, Cockerels $3.00. Extra Profit Grade Heavy Breed $12.46, Pullets $11.90, Cockerels $7.00. leghorns $11.95, Pullets $24.90, Cockerels $4.00. Free Combination Catalogue, Calendar and Poultry Guide. Prompt delivery. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries, Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
* fSS
?>

t;
Em:
Answers
1. The principal thing is to consider the congeniality of each guest. One guest who is not kindred in the tastes and interests of the others can easily spoil the whole party. 2. No; the food should be swallowed before taking the liquid. 8. It is not exactly ill-bred, nor is it good taste. 4. Yes. She would be very rude to do such a thing, and the hostess would be justified in never extending another invitation to her.
PATCHES FOK SALE
Last autumn’s siorm which did such tremendous damage to maple trees in the eastern United States means good fortune for our Canadian maple sugar industry. Here we see pipe lines used at modern maple sugar factories, LEFT, to bring the maple sap from the tree to the boiling house. In these modern sanitary factories maple sap is now boiled and poured into moulds, RIGHT, to form bricks of sugar which break easily, do not attain rock-hard quality, and do not mottle. The suga r can also be ground into icing sugar which will stay in loose granules.
QUILTING PATCHES. WOOLLEN Pieces, colours, good selection, S lbs. $1.25, silks 1 lbs. $1.00. Post- ' paid. Dominion Dress, 609 Markham, Toronto.
PHOTOGRAPHY
FREE ENLARGEMENT WITH Every roll film developed and I high gloss prints 26c. Reprints same price. S enlarged prints 25c. Brlghtllng Studio, 29A Richmond SL East, Toronto.
New Terminal
Is Protested
Gardening j
HAv=
BADEN WEEKLY BARGAINS They will go like hot cakes so don’t delay in ordering; first come first served. Cockerels two weeks old New Hampshire Reds .08c, Barred Rocks .09c. Three week old New Hampshire Reds .11c. Barred Rocks .12c. Big Egg Quality %c more. Baden Electric Chick Hatchery Limited, Baden, Ontario.
FREE FILM AND CAMERA COUpon with every order. Our latest process guarantees higher gr print» and one day service. Your film developed fine grain. Every print enlarged double-sise, or If you prefer, 8 regular else with wide-panelled borders. All for 28c. Reprint» large or regular sise 8c each. Consolidated Photo Service, 146 Catharine SL, Hamilton, Ontario.
«de
arD
Sir Edward Beatty Objects To Spending Of $12,000,000 On Montreal Project For C.N.R. When À Union Terminal Could Be Built
START GRASS EARLY
Grass makes its most rapid growth in cool weather. On this account, lawn work of a new or repair nature should be carried out just as soon as the soil is fit to work.
After digging the ground should be allowed to settle for a few days at least and then levelled again. It is advisable to repeat this process several times. The top soil should then be raked fine and the grass sown at a liberal rate, once across and once lengthwise. This double sowing insures an even distribution. Seed is sown on a day when there is no wind.
For permanent lawns of deep
green color and fine texture, good quality package seed is advisable. In covering, the gardener is advised to rake one way only and
LI FE « fan of i
| grand surprises <
HE
DAILY SPECIALS — A LIMITED number of Bray started Leghorn pullet chicks will be available for Immediate shipment this week. Order today. Bray Hatchery, ISO John Street North, Hamilton, Ont
»
In a letter to the Rt. Honourable W. L. Mackenzie King, Prime Minister, dated January 6 and recently tabled In the house. Sir Edward Beatty, chairman and president, Canadian Pacific Railway, pointed out that, when the Montreal terminal scheme was unveiled to the government and to the public In 1927, It was based on tve conception of a union terminal to provide passenger facilities for all railways serving the City of Montreal.
Less Expensive
"I have read In the | newspapers the announcement of the plans of the Canadian National Railways," said Sir Edward, "with regard to a Montreal passenger terminal, and as representing the 92,000 shareholders of the Canadian Pacific Railway and as a citizen of Canada, I take the liberty of imposing on you an expression of my views.”
"It is stated now that the directors of the Canadian National have authorized the spending of $12,600,000 on a terminal at Dorchester Street, but if the original plan is to be carried to finality further large sums of money will have to be provided In future."
Investigation Needed
"In the light of the above, and having in mind changed conditions, I think It not presumptuous to suggest that before allowing the Canadian National Railways to take this further step towards the completion of their scheme," concluded Sir Edward, "the government might consider It proper to order an investigation of the situation by a body of independent engineers. That body should be asked to advise the government If the passenger terminal requirements of the Canadian National in Montreal could be more economically met by an extension of the present Canadian Pacific terminal than by the construction of a new and independent one at great cost to the Canadian taxpayer."

A suspicious-looking man approached the front door of the suburban house.
"Are the people of the house In?" he asked.
"No, they’re all away," the maid replied.
"Have you renewed your dog license?" he went on.
"We don't keep a dog."
"I see," he continued. ’'ÀrçjAr electric lights In order
"We only burn gas here!* : »
«Then," he said, taking a step forward, "I’ve come to tune your piano."
*
PERCHERONS

THE MEMBERS OF THE ESSEX County Percheron Club offer stallions ready for service; brood mares and a number of promising stud and filly foals at attractive prices. For descriptive lisle and prices, write Ralph McLean, See* Harrow, Ont
e
DON'T FORGET THE SUMMER hotel and tourist trade. Broilers and light roaster# will be In demand. Bray Leghorn cockerels are Ideal—especially when capon-lsed. Write for full particulars today. Bray Hatchery, 110 John Street North, Hamilton, Ontario.
m
i
:
:
e
FOR SALE—TWO OUTSTANDING g three year old dark grey, Usons of Last Hllaet 11249, weight 1955 lbs. A good premium prospect Hirolaet weight I960 lbs. Low down and thick; good
Adam.
e
risin
gran
:
CHESTERFIELD BARGAINS
e

:
s
THREE-PIECE USED CHESTERfield Suite, repp covering, flrat-clase condition, 119.60. Three-piece used English Velour Chesterfield Suite, completely reconditioned, $24.60. Three-piece used chesterfield suite, beet English mohair, In rich brown shade, re throughout, IT Money-back G Freight paid to ;
Royal Chesterfield 61 Richmond Street E., Toronto
I
*
underpinning. Norman North Malden, Ont

9
Joint Term In
:
PERSONAL
:
MARRY—HUNDREDS TO CHOOSE from. Many with means. Farmers' daughters.
Property. fldentlaL berta.
Imagine a real portable j
•	typewriter weighing 9 lbs... } | with back spacer—Swinging J
•	Shift-84 characters, and many % J other helpful features for #
| only	§
j
i It’s tht
: sew
19.00.
uarantee
built
Widows with Particulars 10c. Con-Box 12$ Calgery, Al-
your station Manufacturer»
"Where are all
Harold
those old muge I used to see In your shop?"
Barber
%tüaùmtea&£
flUm
<*$*** *<**
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF, EASILY, inexpensively. Home remedy. Testimoniale. Guaranteed. Advice free. Bartlett's, Box 1, Winnipeg.
DAHLIA» FOR SALE
"They have taken to shaving themselves, sir."
EIGHT
DAHLIAS, for dollar, Bonnie Brae, King Midas, Kathleen Norris, J. Cowal, Jersey Beauty, Jersey Mamfiooth, Jean Trlmber, Golden Sonna Sydney Mode, Vankleek Hill, Ont.
EXHIBITION
I
DON'T SUFFER WITH CONSTIPA-tlon, Stomach or Kidney trouble. Nature's Laxative Tea will greatly benefit you. Postcard brings frèe sample and full particulars.
Sales, 221 Gainsborough

"Oh, Dr. Killem."
"Yea, Dr. Fixera."
« I wish you’d give me something. I've got an awful attack of Indigestion."
"Well, you're a doctor. Why don’t you treat yourself?"
"Not me. 1 charge too much!"
=doRONA , JLephi/r j
EjjN
Tee-vac
Rd., Toronto.
*
FILMS DEVELOPED
A||
2 u? IMITM e COIONA TYPEWaiTEEl 2 --------»<• L4â- 17 Freni St L. T#W
frtt booklet describing this M we're bearing so meek shout.

ROLL FILMS DEVELOPED WITH two prints of each and FREE ENLARGEMENT coupon 26c. OFFSET COMMERCIAL PHOTOGRAPHY. 2 RUSSELL ST.. TORONTO.
g
WHY BE LONELY? LET ME A lira nge a romance for you. Ladles and gentlemen all age# eome with business, homes, money. Cecil Collins, Sll-P, Vancouver. Wash. Free information; sealed envelope.
i
I


l
i

S	nee
"You’ll excuse me," said the kilted native of Aberdeen, «’but were you the gentleman who fetched my laddie out of the river yesterday?"
Replied the embarrassed rescuer —"As a matter of fact, I’m the man. But let’s say nothing about
HAIR GOOD»

• • •
WIGS. TOUPBS. TRANSFORM A-tlons. Switches. Curls, and all types of finest quality Hair Goods write for Illustrated catalogua Conftden-terms arranged. Toronto an Hair Supply Co. 626 Bathurst Toronto
SEED» FOR SALE
HOME GROWN SEEDS, ALL Government grades Alfalfa, red clover, alslke, timothy, sweet clover. Ask for samples and prices delivered to you. The Caledonia Milling Co. Ltd., Caledonia, Ont
Hum-
Hal
GREATEST TOBACCO BARGAIN IN CANADA _
HELP WANTED MALE
It."
«‘Say nothing about It, Indeed! Man, where’s his cap?"
m
WRITE FOR OUR PRICE LIST ON all kinds of grass and clover seeds Highest quality and 1 price#. We supply bags and pro-
Bros.. Arkons, On-
BECOME A DETECTIVE.
MEN
over 18 wanted everywhere. Detectives earn good wages. Rewards.	__
Correspondence training course. Write for free Information to Box 25. Station T, Montreal.

t
lowest

Work home or travel.
i
pay. Brown tarlo.
"I just saw a girl with a glees eye."
"How do you know? Did she tell you ?"
"No, Stupid, it came out In
the conversation.”

SPECIAL TREATMENT



HIGH GRADE SEED OATS AND CLOVERS
$25 REWARD FOR ANY CORN OR Callous which cannot be removed by Lloyd’s Special Treatment, under our supervision. Prevents return. Send 66c for complete treatment, regular 76c. Lloyd's-B, 1*11 St Clair West, Toronto.
«

NO. 1 ALASKA. BANNER. VICTORY. O.A.C. Oats at .66 bus. Erban and Vanguard at $L00 bus. Reg'ater-ed No 1 Grimm Alfalfa at .11 lb.
National
Car 2"»n
Railway Revenues
No. 1 Grima» Al-No. 1 Red Clover et .16 lb. No. 1 Alelke et .11 1b. No. 1 W.B .Sweet at .u& lb. Tlm-othy .06 lb. fob. ( hathem, bage
MILD
CIGARETTE TOBACCO
TANNING
.
EXPERT TANNING (JF HIDES FOR Harness Lace & Robes. Al I DESK. Etc. Free list and tan Towns & Aon * Merrltton. Ontario-
free; Cash with order. Kent and Kasex Seed Growers. P.O. Box 101. Chatham. Ontario.
The gross revenue* of the ail Inclusive Canadian National Rail ways System for the week ending March 14, 1980, were $3,199,849
55<
TOBACCO

Vo LB TIN
4
POUND SAMPLE
ley Simmer, prior leaf, flavoring
VWIK f
and prior lean 1 ear factored. 91 00 poatpa Tobacco Exchange, Ruth van. OpL
PACKAGE BUR
m

Si G PACKAGE OF HOT IRON Transféra, eight eheeta. over two ndred d e* i ane; also value Instruction stitch chart; mail cent* In cash. Needlecraft Guild. S33 College Street, Toronto
A/so n
'atk
im

a decrease of $5,817.



nd 25f Ti
ns
v
O
'39
No. 1
###PAGE###3###
4
as will m the social level of the community has bee» raised, declared CoL Wilfrid Bovey, director of extra-mural relations at McGill University, Montreal, at a luncheon of the Ottawa Canadian Club. "I assure you/' he told the gathering, "that any municipality which invests something In this way will get some astonishing results."
Based On Three Principles
The speaker proposed the formation of a National Education Committee which would consist of provincial officials and other educationists and which might advise not only provinces but the Federal Government, and would come 1» time to be a non-provincial non-Federal but, nevertheless, Canadian authority.
In the meantime he urged support for the development of the system of adult education now active in Canada. It was based on three principles, he pointed out First, that no one had enough education; second, that anyone could learn; and third, that voluntary effort was essential.
Will His Country So Haler's Next Conquest?
Would Abolish TB. Inside Ten Years
How Can I?
Sunday School
•Y ANNE ASMLBY
Encouraging Results Are Noted
Lesson
Q.—How can I roll dough more efficiently?
A.—Fasten » piec smoothly and tigntly rolling pin, and the dough can be rolled just as thin as desired.
Q.—How can I remove grease from the back of a leather chair that has been caused by the tonic or dressing on a person's hair?
A.—Spread over it a paste of fuller's earth end water. Let this dry, and then brash off.
Q.—How can I make candles burn more evenly?
A—Candles will bam more evenly and slowly if tlfty are placed la the refrigerator for several hours before lighting them.
Q.—How can I Improve the flavor of tea?
A.—The flavor of tea will be greatly improved by thoroughly drying the peel of an orange or a lemon, and placing this peel in the tea container.
Q.—How can I clean knife handles of ivory, bone, and pearl?
A.—Ivory handles, that are discolored, can be cleaned with lemon Juice and salt Bone handles should be sandpapered and then polished. Pearl handles can be cleaned with fine salt Wipe them off thoroughly with a chamois to restore their luster.
Q.—How can I utilise left-over cereals?
A—Try using them with cooked tomatoes or creamed vegetables. Cover with grated cheese and bake.
Scheme To
Stamp It Out Is Advanced.
e of muslin around the
LESSON I
SAUL BECOMES A NEW MAN.
Act# 9:1-30.
Printed Teat, Act# 9:1-12, 17-19.
Golden Text—If any man is in Christ, he is a new creature : the old things are passed away; behold, they are . become new. 2 Cor. 6:17.
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—The conversion of Saul . took place in A.D. 86.
Place.—Saul was struck to the ground by a blinding light at the time of his conversion just outside of the city of Damascus, in Syria.
Saul was born in Tarsus, an intellectually and politically famous city of Cilicia (Acts 21:89; 22:8). His father's remote ancestors were Pharisees, and he became a devoted Pharisee himself (Acts 28: 6). He was by birth a Roman citizen (Acta 22:28).
From Tarsus Paul went to Jerusalem to be educated as a rabbi in the school of Gamaliel (Acts 22:3). We have no evidence that he ever saw Jesus in the days of his flesh. It was Saul who held the clothes of his colleagues when they stoned Stephen to death (Acts 8:1; 22:20), and no doubt what he saw in Stephen's face, and heard from his lips, as he was dying, had a tremendous influence in his own life. From this time until his conversion Saul became the leader of the persecutors of the early Christian church. It is here that our lesson begins.
1. But Saul, yet breathing threatening and slaughter against the disciples of the Lord, went unto the high priest. 2. and asked of him letters to Damascus unto the synagogues, that if he found any that were of the Way, whether men or women, he might, bring them bound to Jerusalem. The phrase "the Way" is a beautiful expression of the new life which men were living in the name of Jesus Christ.
Encouraging results In the abolition of clinical tuberculosis by anticipation and control are reported in the March Issue of the Canadian Medical Association Journal by Dr, William Ogden in "collaboration with members of the staff of Toronto Western Hospital cheat clinic.
The report, based on work at the clinic for 16 years, says that to an observed and largely controlled series of 1,300 contacts, the inclr dence of tuberculous disease was four per cent, compared with the usual 20 per cent, to uncontrolled series.




To Keep Thorough History
The scheme by which It Is hoped to abolish the disease consists of a thorough history with particular reference to contact, physical examination, tuberculin test, serological test, and X-ray where Indicated. A simple scheme of semiannual testings of the population with tuberculin and serological tests Is presented.
Dr. Ogden In the article sake "Would It be too optimistic to believe that In ten years' time we might visualize the vanishing point of tuberculosis In Ontario."
Getting The Bird

A fashionable hat, made entirely of feathers, worn by & young woman at the Derby meeting, Melbourne, Australia, attracted much attention when a bird, which had been nestling among the feathers, suddenly took wing.
Wearing service uniform and steel helmet, King Carol of Roumanie, RIGHT, and General Samsanovici study a map during war games of Ro manian army at Suceava. Defying German demands for economic control of the country, Carol will not let his kingdom, rich in oil, wheat and iron, fall under the Swastika without a terrific struggle.
think of ourselves as such and North Americans."
More Education For Quebec French-Canadlane, the speaker concluded, will be able to play their proper role In industry, trade and commerce as soon as they have an educational system which is up to date. The present system, Mr. Harvey added, was now at a high level from certain pointa of view but it had to be adapted to the present time and the conditions of the Dominion.
Dominion Has Ten Baronets
All But One Have Heirs—One Earl Resides In Canada
Divorce Rise
Helps Sleuth
Animals Suffer From Arthritis
With so many divorces com-_ before London (Ont.) courts, between 60 and 100 a James (Dick) Saunders,
mg
Nine of Canada’s ten baronets have living heirs who are in line the title. Joseph Ellsworth Flav-elle now inherits his father's baronetcy.
6ir Hugh Edward Poynter, baronet, of Albert Gate, whose address is given as Sydney, Australia, is listed in the Canadian Almanac as a Canadian baronet. He alone of the list of ten has no present heir. He was married In 1933.
Canada has one earl, Frederick George Moore Percival, Earl of Eg-mont, Calgary, whose son, Viscount Percival, will become earl if he survives his father. The viscount, Thomas Frederick Gerald Percival, Is only five years old.
Another Viscount
Canada has another viscount listed in the Canadian Almanac, Viscount Greenwood of Hoi borne, Hamar Greenwood, of London, England. His son, born in 1914, the Hon. David Henry Hamar Greenwood, is the heir.
Baron de Longueuil holds the only hereditary Canadian title conferred originally by Louis XIV when Canada still belonged to France. The present baron Is John Moore de Bienville Charles Grant, the ninth baron. His son, Ronald Charles Grant, is heir.
This Painful Disease Seems To Be More Frequent With Them Than Among Humans.
Adult Schools Lift Standard Of Community
year,
a former member of the London police department, has opened a private detective agency in London, and will specialise in divorce investigations.
While denying any connection with London's leading divorce attorney, Mr. Saunders has established his office across the hall from Major G. Weekea, who is campaigning for easier divorces, and a Canadian divorce law modelled on the English law.
Wild animals have arthritis In much the same form as human beings and this painful and deforming disease seems to be much more frequent In the animal population. An Investigation made by Dr. Herbert Fox, professor of comparative pathology, University of Pennsylvania, reported in a monograph published by the American Philosophical Society, shows that out of 1,749 wild animals on which autopsies have been performed seventy-seven presented clear-cut evidence in their deformed bones that they had suffered from chronic arthritis. One animal out of about twenty has the disease. Dr. Fox has observed that the smaller animals seem to be free of the complaint.
Uniformity In Daylight Time
Col. Wilfrid Bovey Says Adult
Education Raises Economic
And Social Level of a Municipality
N.
Throughout Canada Is Sought By The Railway Association Which Has Issued Appeals To 87 Municipalities.
Wherever a well-organised plan of adult education has been put Into operation, the whole economic
Saul's Conversion
The conversion of Paul marks not only a turning-point in hüf personal history, but also an important epoch in the history of the apostolic church, and consequently in the history of mankind. It was the most fruitful event since the miracle of Pentecost.
8.	And as he journeyed, it came tp pass that he drew night unto Damascus. The hush of noon was in the city. The sun was burning fiercely in the sky. And suddenly there shone round about him a light out of heaven.
4.	And he fell upon the earth, and heard a voice saying unto him, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me ?
5.	And he said, Who art thou, Lord? We cannot exaggerate the confusion and convulsion of Paul's mind and heart at this time. To be thrown to the ground by any force is, as it were, a confession of one's own weakness, but the physical prostration was only a symbol of the greater blow under which his mind this moment was reeling.
Now Saul suddenly is made to realize that Jesus, instead of being a blasphemer, justly put to death by fellow Jews not long before this in Jerusalem, is truly the Son of God, and that he, Saul, instead of being a defender for God, had been spending his energy and influence in contending against God and his Son! And he said, I am Jesus whom thou persecutest: 6. but rise, and enter into the city, and it shall be told thee what thou must do. 7. And the men that journeyed with him stood speechless, hearing the voice, but beholding no man. 8. And Saul arose from the earth; and when his eyes were opened, he saw nothing; and they led him by the hand, and brought him unto Damascus.
The blindness was proof that something had happened to him, and that it was no hallucination that he had seen the risen Christ.
Saul In Damascus
9.	And he was three days without sight, and did neither eat nor drink. During this time we cannot but think the illumination of his mind was being perfected by the Spirit.
10.	Now there was a certain disciple at Damascus, named Ananias; and the Lord said unto him in a vision, Ananias. And he said, Behold, I am here, Lord. 11. And the Lord said unto him, Arise, and *o to the street which is called Straight, and inquire in the house of Judas for one named Saul, a man of Tarsus; for behold, he prayeth; 12. and he hath seen a man named Ananias coming in, and laying his hands on him, that he might receive his sight. Here is a most remarkable contrast, between the miraculous and the natural. To arrest and overwhelm and convict Saul the Lord miraculously appeared to him; now, however, having s message for Saul, Christ does not continue to speak to him from heaven, but he sends a fellow Christian, a man, not an angel, living in Damascus, to inform Paul concerning the Lord's purpose for him, and to baptise
The Railway Association of Canada has requested that watches and clocks in Toronto and the 86 other Canadian municipalities, which have adopted daylight saving, be moved an hour ahead at midnight, Saturday, April 29, and that they will stay that way until Sunday, Sept. 24. The result is expected to be a lessening of the confusion which each year accompanies the time change, various municipalities fall in line at various dates. Last year, for instance, ten Ontario municipalities switched on April 23, while eight others followed suit on dates ranging all the way from April 24 to June 11.
Many Deviations From Rule
Authorities were not prepared to say how many municipalities in Ontario would act on the Railway Association’s recommendation, but the belief was expressed that the change would be more uniform than In the past. Nevertheless the confusion element has not been entirely eliminated.
Most towns and elites immediately adjacent to Toronto will Join the daylight saving brigade, but in Western Ontario there will be deviations 'rom the rule,
¦ —-	1 ¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦— ¦ ¦ - " -
| National Insignia
HORIZONTAL 1 Coat of arms
41
V. 8. A. ply It with food.
21 Maintains. 23 To flatter.
IEL
pic-
ot
tured here.
7 It is a island colony.
13 Assam silkworm.
DEFOE
Reflecting increased activity in gold mining, receipts of gold at the Royal Canadian Mint during January were greater than in other month in history.
niai
any
26	Wing.
27	Cavity.
23 Night before.
30	To pull along.
31	Three.
32	Snaky fish.
37 Strong pin.
14 Tb follow.
16	Sheaf.
17	Monkey.
18	To love.
19	To imitate.
20	Basement.
22 Growing dim.
25 Back of necks doth.
29 To speak.
33	Swarming.
34	Enticed.
35	Dating device 53 it is a* famous < Chain of
rocks in water.
• Grown-up
to
M
him. Incidentally, it might be interesting to note that the street called Straight, on which the house of Judas was located, is still a principal street in the city of Damascus.
God’s Chose» Instrument
Two things Ananias was instructed to tell Saul—that he was God's chosen instrument for bearing the name of Christ before "the Gentiles and kings, and the children of Israel." In other words, he was to be, although he did not know it then, the greatest missionary of all the Christian centuries, accomplishing more for the spread of the gospel than any other one man who has ever lived. Furthermore, Ananias was to show him how many things he must suffer for the name of the Lord Jesus.
17. And Ananias departed, and entered into the house; and laying his hands on him said, Brother Saul, the Lord, even Jesus, who appeared unto thee in the way which thou earnest, hath sent me, that thou mayest receive thy sight, and be Ailed with the Holy Spirit. 18. And straightway there fell from his eyes as it were scales, and he received his sight; and he arose and was baptized; 19. and he took food and was strengthened. And he was certain days with the disciples that were at Damascus. Forgiven of God, and welcomed by man, Saul rose from his knees. The blindness vanished from his eyes, and a new warmth kindled in his heart. He was Saul no longer. He was a new creation.
Canada's Racial Trouble Soluble
Distinguished French-Canadian Editor Believes Economic Ills Cause Dissension.
5 Costly.
3 Conjunction. 7 Prickly nut covering.
39	Bear con»
53	Stratum.
54	Wren.
55	Boat
stella tion.
40	Healthy.
41	Demure.
42	Valiant mil
43	Always.
44	Half, tadpole. 45 Looks.
10 Kafir warriors 43 Footlike pert
43 Gibbon.
36	Nimble.
37	Tiny broom. 42 Takes notice
VERTICAL
1	To exist
2	Gaelic.
3	French coin. 11 Observed.
4	Correspond- 12 Hour.
15 Drunkard.
Canada’s racial difficulties will disappear when her economic problems have been solved, Jean Charles Harvey, editor of Le Jour, declared last week to a McGill University audience.
Too Few People
Separatism, Mr Harvey said, did not flourish in prosperous times. Quebec was not the only threat to Canada’s unity. The Maritime Provinces did not seo eyo to eye with Central Canada, Ontario and Manitoba were divided, not only in interests but by natural geophysical barriers, and the Prairie Provinces had different views from the rest of Canada. British Columbia had no common interests with the Prairie Provinces. One of the fundamental difficulties, Mr. Harvey stated, was too small a population in too great an area. He pointed out that the United States had more than ten times the population in an area somewhat less than Canada’s.
The Dominion, according to Mr. Harvey, had specific racial problems, but "these are not insurmountable provided we cease to be English, French, Scottish or Jewish and become Canadians, and
of.
46	Needy.
47	Solitary.
50 To shift 52 Measures of
many	HMPIIWWWWI
with Guelph and H: milton the only
cities expected to depart from standard time.
51 Wagon track.
The Government of India has reduced the amount of household goods carried free as baggage by the railways.
Bible Outsells
“Mein Kampf”
The Bible is still the best seller in Germany, having outsold Chancellor Adolf Hitler's “Mein Kampf' by about 200,000 copies yearly in the six years since the Nazis' assumption of power in 1933, according to the Prussian Bible Society.
An annual average of 950,000 Bibles is sold in Germany. Since "Mein Kampf" was first published in 1926,	6,000,000
German copies have been sold, 4,400,000 since 1988.
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS—Worse’n Red Flannels
THATS "THE WAYS J
THEY DRESSED j. IN THOSE DAYS, Wd
pinhead/they N
REALLY OIDNT MIND IT AT ALLyfl
f MAYBE they^
didn' mind it 1
1 IN THE day TIME., DAISY8ELLE, BUT IMAGINE PAJAMAS k MADE OUTA
f HE SURE IS, X 0AISY8ELLE/ )
1 what's HE >
WE APIN' THEM TIN CLOTHES FOR?
f that's an' X
i OLD-TIME KNIÇHT, PINHEAD.
isn't HE
LfiERCE LOOKINq?
m
4

y
that stuff/
mt
<
f
• t


%
\
#
#
> $
Pi


4
\
¥
#
3
###PAGE###4###
ing hills were ordered paid :
E. A. Pritchard, No l .......
Long distance telephone calls Ira Merrifield, No. 4
Motion by Vomr Burden, that this Board charge Oeo. Eraser and Ed Stafford SI.00 per month for fees for outside children —Carried.
On motion of Cotnr. Young the meeting then adiourned.
THE EQUITY
$ 9 OH
HODGINS
GARAGE
Spring1 Time is
25
6 5.1
V
SHAWVILLE, APRIL 6,1939
Baby-Chick Time
Britons Value Liberty
Liverpool, April 3—Britons value liberty, freedom and the rule of law and i list ice among nations “even above peace itself Sir Kingsley Wood, British Air Secretary, said here in an address today. War is not inevitable, Sir Kingsley declared. But he warned that much depends upon Britain. We live in critical days”. In conclusion the Air Secretary declared : “Let no one mistake the meaning and the might of the word of Great Britain. It isn’t lightly given, but once given we honor it
And to make Chick time profitable and pleasant instead of unprofitable drudgery, we advise that you purchase good thicks from Blood Tested Flocks, and feed them a Baby Chick Feed that is dependable as well as economical.
Fot move than five years we have been manufacturing and constantly improving the quality Katies' Eggslent Chick Mash Starter, until now we believe it to be equal
to any on the market.
Below we list several of many reasons why we do not hesitate to ask that this year you stick to this feed for your chicks.
1st—It is manufactured In compliance with the Federal
Feeding Stuffs Act of 1987, and registered under this act,
Every pound is uniform-
aly mixed and must comply with the following guaranteed analysis ; Protein 17 per cent., Fat 4 per cent, Fibre *r(Max.) 7 percent, cent.
2nd—It is composed of Ground Corn,
Oat Groat, Bran, Middlings, Wheat Germ, Alfalfa Leaf Meal, Fish Meal, Meat Meal, Feeding Bone Meal, Fine Oyster shells, Powdered Buttermilk, Oil Cake Meal, Cod Liver Oil, and Iodized Salt-
This combination of ingredients assures a feed that is rich in Vitamins A, B, 1), E, and B 2 or G, as well as being amply fortified with Calcium for Bone building, Lactic Acid for addided resistance to disease ; Phosphorous and Chlorine for proper assimilation of the Calcium and Iodine for general health of the baby chick.
3rd—It is mixed fresh and kept fresh, and this Is n most important factor in preserving the quality of a feed. Cod Liver Oil loses it’s Vitamin Potentcyon being exposed to tbe air for any length of time. Meat and Fish Meals become rancid when mixed with ground grains and left standing for any time. Buttermilk Powder, because of the drying process that it undergoes, has a marked affinity for moisture, and when mixed with ground grains it combines with the moisture in them and ferments in ft short time, losing all of its feeding value No hag of .Ernies’ Eggslent Chick Mssh is never shipped from the mill if it has been mixed for more than ten days. We absolutely guarantee that it is always delivered perfectly fresh only.
4th—When you purchase this feed the largest percentage of your dollar is spent for food value obtained. You have no salesman's commissions or travelling expenses to pay for; no freight charges or advertising overhead to meet. We levy one charge only and that is a profit that is as small as that of any Feed Manufacturer, and often smaller than the profit Feed Dealers usually levy on feeds manufactured outside your own community.
5th-When you buy and feed this feed you are helping your own Community, and leaving your money at home. We buy all the supplies that we can use from you or your neighbour.
6th—We use only new cotton bags tor putting this feed up
These bags are not returnable, and yon can be certain that they are never contaminated with any Poultry Disease.
7th -This excellent feed sells for only $2.50 per 100 pounds with special discount to users of large amounts.
And lastly yon will always find ns more than ready to help and co operate with you in any way that we feel will be to your advantage
give this feed a fair trial in comparison with any other feed on the market, and we feel that you will find as others have, that Fades’ Kggslent Chick Mash is really better value in every way.

Jos. A. Stkklb, Bee.-Trees
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
Chevrolet,
Sales
“Pilgrim’s Progress” Key
to Fame of John Banyan
John Bunyan was born in November, 1628, at Elstow, Bedfordshire, England, the son of a tinker. Ac-bording to his own account, his •arly youth was notoriously ungod-y, judged by his contemporary Puritan standards. He was guilty )f such crimes as "dancing, ringing :he bells of the parish church, Dlaying at tipcat and reading the history of Sir Bevis of Southampton." However, states a writer in .he Indianapolis News, although he fought for a few months as a soldier n the parliamentary army, his marriage to a young woman of religious bharacter when he was nineteen, his subsequent baptism and admission to "church privileges," and the fact that hie "Sighs From Hell" .'a record of spiritual struggle) appeared when he was twenty-two, all point to his having abandoned his so-called evil ways. He began to preach in 1655. In 1656 he wrote
\
Drive a Better Car
This Summer
Veteran Astrologer Predicts No Great War in Eutope
London, April 3.—Hon. Ralph Shirley, veteran astrologer, whose horoscope of the King when a boy of seven suggested His Majesty would be “raised in due time to a higher sphere than that to which he was born' and who year ago predicted the Spanish war would end this April, has now forecast there will be no great European war “though there is still trouble ahead ”.
“The Summer will see this crias develop and I think it will affect Mussolini as well as Hitler, of whose critical positions, as the Summer advances, I gave warning four months ago”. He added European peace may come about 1is “Gospels of Truth Opened," and through the fall of the dictators within a Vindication" of it in 1657, both
iirected against Quakers. He was ndicted for preaching and al-.hough he escaped punishment for tome time, he was convicted in November, 1660, as a "common upholder of several unlawful meetings and conventicles," and was commuted to Bedford jail, where he renamed until 1672.
It has been said that he wrote the 1rs! part of his "Pilgrim's Progress'” during that imprisonment, although some have it that the work *tas done during a second period of incarceration, which lasted six months.
In 1671, the year before his release, he was elected pastor of the Baptist church at Bedford. He died in 1638 at Snow Hill, Holborn, and was buried at Bunhill Fields, London. So great had his fame become, principally through “Pilgrim's Progress," that many deeply religious folk sought to be buried near him.
beat ing Registration No. 1094
Look These Models Over
Total Digestable Nutrients 83.7 per
a
1938 Chevrolet Special Sedan, with trunk 1937 Chevrolet Standard Coach 1937 Pontiac Special Sedan, with trunk 1935 Ford V-8 Sedan, with trunk 1931 Pontiac Coupe, with rumble seat.
The best car
Wheat, Barley.
six months
is a good used car
Anglo French Guarantee To Protect Poland
London, April 3—The Anglo-French
Poland will be followed by
guarantee to similar commitments to other countries which stand in the way of any attempt by Germany to dominate Europe, Prime Minister Chamberlain announced in the House of Commons, today.
Although the Prime Minister did not specify the countries he had in mind, it was expected Rumanian would be the first to be given a guarantee similar to
Poland’s
Great Britain’s new policy of solidifying the nations opposed to German’s expansionist aims could not lx? carried out if the guarantee wer» confirmed to Poland, Mr. Chamberlain said.
Every state lying adjacent t<v Germany, ever since Chancellor Hitler's annexation of Bohemia and Moravia, had be°n unhappy, anxious and uncertain about Germany’s intentions, the Prime Minister declared.
He said that there may be a misunderstanding of German policy, but if Germany had no thoughts of applying force against them “so much the better.
In the event of Germany having no aggressive intentions against her neighbors any agreement to resist her would become inoperative been any threat against Germany “as long as the German remains a good neighbor.’’
It was fantastic, the Prime Minister for Chancellor Hitler in his
J. L. HODGIN8
Shone 64 J.
? xixix'xixixixixixix'xixixlyixtxixixixixtxixixixixixixixtxixixixixix'xtx'x'x'xixixix'x'x x,x ZiZ z z z
DALE’S TINSHOP
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Profitable World War Deal
A most profitable transaction in the World war was the purchase of a German register by the British Secret Service in Belgium in 1917 It contained far more information about the German military forces than had been secured in the previous three years from an army of spies
Weekly, accepted $500 for it when he could have successfully demanded several hundred times as much money.	,
Maple Syrup Equipment
Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment ? If not, do so now I as this is the time of year we make up supplies. Give us your order now I we can supply you with :
Pans, all sizes
There hud never
The seller, says Collier's
in
«aid
Wilhelmshaven speech of Saturday to talk about the encirclement of Get many
Longest Period of Mourning
In 1671 Francis Frankopan, or Frangipani, a descendant of a long line of governors and defenders of Croatia-Slavcmia. was executed for conspiracy against Austria since, says Collier's Weekly, the women of Crkvenica, now in Yugoslavia, have worn black clothes in mourning for him, constituting one of the longest periods in history in which a city has constantly expressed its grief for the death of a secular personage.
Sap Cans,
Maple Syrup Cans, Evaporators
Booklet on Quebsc Mines
The Bureau of Mines, of the Department of Mines and Fisheries is publishing a preliminary account of the Statistics of the Province of Quebec CIt is a 12 page pamphlet in octave, containing an annual production table of each mineral, a table of the individual production of the gold mines of the Province of Quebec and two others showing the production of Asbestos for the years 1937 and 1938
This pamphlet briefly gives some information about onr mines and a short general discussion on each class of minerals.
The total value of the mineral production of the Province of Quebec was $68,259,308 in 1938, against $65,203,-	ÿf SCI*VÎCC
In the metallic group of which gold	Ml AIN STREET
is the principal substance, the pro-	___
duction has jumped from $38,615,175,	WVILLE. QuE
in 1936 to $43,152.345 in 1938, an	-----
mere.*of ii 7 i>e,-cent	Shell Sealed Gas
The value of non metal lies, of which	_
the most important is Asbestos, decreas-	311U OllS
ed slightly from #17,232,860 in 1937#* to $14,946,562 in 1938
Lastly, the value of building materials which is made up of products of stone quarries, clay products, cement, lime, and sand had a small gain of 8| per cent.; from $9,335,941 in 1937 to $10,257,401 in 1939.
Ever
This year all we ask is that you
Iron Coolers,
Spoils,
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO., REÇU
fS

x

Hog for Service
Mast Stop at all Railroad Crossings
At a meeting held last week in the Mount Royal Hotel, Mot real, the Province of Quebec Safety League reaffirmed its stand concerning the value of the law for a compulsory stop at all railroad crossings the necessity thereof has recently been contested by certain
Since 1927, a Quebec provincial bylaw, sponsored by the League compels all vehicles to come to a full stop before a railroad track unprotected by gates or automatic signalling devices and expediences has shown the usefulness of such a ruling, stated Hon Alfred Leduc, president of the League.
Analysis of grade crossing accidents proves that in all cases they could have been avoided if the driver had stopped, added Mr. Leduc, as a pause allows the driver enough time to asertain that there is no train coming towards him.
The meeting expressed the opinion that slowing up was not sufficient as it did not insure careful examination of
Shawvilie Bakery
Purebred Yorkshire Hog for service Fee $1.00. Apply to Arthur Kiloour
Registered Yorkshire Hog Fee 11.00 ; Clarendon Club members free. R. J. TRACY, Yarm, Que.
Service
For a tasty loaf try
I'-s
•23
General Repairs
FOR SALE
Shawvilie Bread
Having chosen selects from a number of litters for uniformity of type and disposition, have a few that could be entered as brood sows Feel sure these would give good satisfaction. Before placing your order you might be pleased to see these.
The Same Reliable Service
Wilson's Garage
Phone 40
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
Minutes of South Onslow
School Board
Private Sale
PETER L. THOMPSON, R. R 3, Shawvilie, Que
Work Team ; 1 Buggy ; 1 Waggon ; Set Double Harness, and other Farm Impliment
Monday, April 17th, 1939. '
HENRI LAFONTAINE, Charteris, Que.
March 31, 1939
A meeting of South Onslow School Board held on above date at the usual place of meeting, board being present
On motion of Comr Poole the minutes of last meeting were adopted as read.
On motion of Comr Burden, the application of Norma Dods as teacher for No. 3 school was accepted.
Motion by Comr Amm, that Miss Florence Young be notified that her services will not be required after June 30th, and that the secretary treasurer write Miss Annie Cooke re No. 4 school. Carried.
Motion by Comr Young, that Miss Millar be notified that her services will not be required after June 3)tb, and that Edna Curran be engaged for No. 1. —Carried.
On motion of Comr. Poole the follow-
All mast be sold before
_____________________________________________________________persons in receipt
khe track at crossings rendered danger- !of old age pensions in Canada in 1938. ous by bushes or other obstructions to The number has almost doubled since vision. Moreover, the compulsory stop , 1935 law, when strictly enforced, guards
drivers against their own recklessne ss	I I ¦	¦	¦ ¦
since they would otherwise take the syrup to the value of three and one half chance of crossing tracks without check- millions of dollars and the output of ing their speed sufficiently.	j maple sugar was valued at $370,600
The League will , sk the Government.
to maintain this by-law in force despite | When the King and Queen step ashore efforts made by some organizations, , *>n Canadian soil at Quebec, May 15 tg who consider this regulation unneces- 4 begm t|$ir tour of the Dominion, lost
„ary and a cause <rf deliy in ibe traffic Office employe*, from comI to coast f.,,w	will place on sale map sheets of new
It was decided to circularize members postage stamps specially issued to com-• of the League 00 this question and So memorate the Royal ttaU warn motorists of their obligation to .General Met arty annmmced Friday the Lffcct a complete stop at every unpro- commemorative stamps would be of tected crossing.	'two and three cent denomination.
There were 174,889
All members of the
¦ STABLI8HED 1888
INVALID
COACH
In 1938 Canada produced maple
Farm for Sale
Part of Lot No. 236, situated in the Village of Shawvilie, North of Main Street, consisting of seventy acres more or less, all tillable and of the best of loam and clay soil, * Several Buildings Lots on Main Street Will sell all or in part at a reasonable price.
For particulars apply to
J. G ELLIOTT,
225 James St.
Ottawa, Ont
GEORGE. HYNES St SON
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawvilie, Que.
Phone 80
or.e,
3
###PAGE###5###
Service Announcement
The Equity
PRINTING
Shawville United Church Rat A. F. Fouit* B. A., B.D. PAitor
Sunday. April 9
11.00	am , Easier service and music at
Shawville
1.30	p m., Service at Zion
3.00	pm. Service at Stark's Corners.
Sermon subject :“A choice that changed the world" An Easter message on the Risen Christ
7.30	p.m , Service at Shawville Sermon subject /Christ is Risen Indeed"
Bristol United Church C. Armstboso-Sales, B. D.
Good Friday
St. Andrew's Devotional Services 8 p m.
Sunday, April 9 Easter Day
10.30	p m.—St. Andrew’s and Knox uniting. Ordination of Elders
11.30	a m. Sunday School & Bible Class
7.30	p.m., Service at Austin. Sermon Subject 14 The Spirit of Life”
Clarendon Pastoral Charge Rev R. O. Newman. M.A..B.D Sunday, April 9 11.00 a. m.—Service at Wesley 8 30 p. m —Service at Bristol 7.00 p. m.—Service at Yarm
established IMS
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC

-\ •
annual subscription
Anywhere in Caned»
To United States.
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing as neatly and at a lower cost than outside firms.
Let us do your :
Successor to G. F Hodgins Go. Limited
«1.50
• e
2.00
• •
• #
I
AU arrears must be paid In full before any paper Is discontinued
ANNOUNCING
H
W. 0.00WAN. PUBLISHER
The Arrival of Further (lew Spring
Furniture and Bedding
Envelopes,
Invoices,
Letterheads, Billheads
Roÿ 6. fraser
Gifts, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Phono 160 IHf
!
$ 2.25
Natural Wood Rocking Chairs......
Walnut Arm Chairs, Special make Extra Special Gold Oak Rocker, padded bottom
Heavy Gold Oak Rocker.......................
Walnut Chairs, with round back .............
High Chairs, with aluminum tray, natural wood
Living Room Chairs, upholstered for occasional use, also Sofa Bed Chairs and upholstered Bedroom Chairs from
• •
Statements,
Posters,
Labels
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
Mower#,
4.50
3.95
Be* see
3.25
3.00
!
Distinctive Flower Styling, that's our business. We in vite your patronage: orders of 11.00 or over, phone
as collect $5.00 or over,phone us collect
and we shall prepay.
3,75
On
ANGLICAN
Sunday, April 9 Easter Day St. Paul's
8.00 a. m.—Holy Communion
10.00	a. m—Sunday School
11.00	a. m.—Holy Communion 7.30 p m.—Evening Prayer
Holy Trinity 8.00 p. m —Holy Communion
St. Luke’h Service Withdrawn
Holy Week Service*
St. Paul’s
Prayer and meditations each evening, except Saturday, at eight o’clock.
Good Friday
10.30—Morning Prayer and Meditations
On orders of
$7.50 to $9.50
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
Extra Special Dining Room Suites
Nine Pieces including China Cabinet $82.50 Bight Pieces, without cabinet
64.00
aed 11 p.«-
Beattie’s Eye Service
Studio Couches
A French Provincial Design, featuring the new pattented “Hide-Away” bed section
Ofutoi
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie’s Eye Service, cor. Gladstone end Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service
$48.50
# e
memos
,1 k te !
• •
Natural Maple Breakfast Suites
Parish of North Clarendon
Mr. A. C. Lawrence, Lay Reader Sunday, April 9
Service» Withdrawn
The very new modern style aix piece suite highly
polished, natural wood with clock on cabinet $55.00
Six piece, smaller size, Natural wood
No writing. No money order». , No bother. Just call or phone. 100% live delivery guaranteed.
C. HAROLD BOULTON ¦Hotel Egg â Poultry Association BRISTOL. OUB.
$49.50
Scientific Eye Examinations
Farm For Sale
Jlight In and Night Out
Restful Sleep on Simmon’s Beds
Built for Sleep
Specialists on all Visual and Muse; iar
Eye Defects
One of the most desirable Farms in
Beautiful
the Township of Fitzroy brown stone house, good large outbuildings, good fences and very heavy rich agit. Situated on Highway 17.
Apply to
J. A ARMSTRONG,
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS
Professional Optometrist.
T.T. BEATTIE,
Professional Optometiist
$5.75 up to $30.00
Mattresses, Springs,...
••••••••
sees#
Dri-Kil
Cooper’s Farm Insect Powder
For Destroying Lice
Insurance & Real Estate,
Ont.
$5.50 up to $12.50
Arnpnor,
••••••
••••SI••••
eessosese.es
GROCERY SPECIALS
Look Here
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
25 cts. 25	‘	"
38 "
12 "
Three Tins Tomato Juice, 25 ounces Two Tins Grape Fruit Juice, 20
Five Pound Tin Amber Honey Robin Hood Quaker Cooking Oats, per pkg
Clark's Soups complete range, 3 for ..
Col gates ToiJet Soaps, assorted, six bars..
For Salr, Wants, Found
Lost otc*.
onuces
o
on
FOR SALK—One Set Platform Softies, capacity. 700 pounds ; One Set Counter Svales, capacity 200 pounds. Apply to John B. Armstrong, Shawville.
25 M 25 "
Monuments in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
Hogs, Cattle, Horses and Poultry
75 cents
For Two Pound Tin
FOR RENT — Comfortable dwelling, house with modern conveniences, good garden. Apply to Mrs. ( lip. CGrrk»a.v, Shawville or Mrs. Thomas Kklly, Breekeurldge, Que.
Blatchfords Feeds are Better
Dairy Meal Calf Meal, Pig Starter Hog Grower
Hen Scratch. Bran,
Middlings, »
Egg Mash,
Egg Concentrate, Hatching Mash,
Phone, 278
FOR SALE - Certified Coronation Wheat, Grade No. 1. Pushing field and bag Inspection and	in 1»	'•>
Government Inspector. Order early a*j Mipply la limited ; also one purebred 1 Holstein Bull Calf, priced right. Apply to Norval KiuiOiTR. Shawville. Phone
11-21.
GEO. K. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
THE CORNER STORE
Estate Mrs. M. G. Howard
Main and Centre tta
QUE.]
FOR SALE-One grey Work Horse, weight ISM, sound in every way. Apply to J. H. Strutt, Shawville
MacLeans
SHAWVILLE,
WANTED-A girl to do general housework. Apply to Mrs. G. G. McDowell, Shawville, Que. Phone 20.
RED & WHITE STORE
Successor to G. F. Hodgins Go., Limited
FOR SALE—One used Electric Ironer guaranteed in first class repair. Apply to John L. Hodgins, Shawville.
• 9
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
I I
Reductions on
Memorials
Arriving This Week - Carload of -Quaker Ful-O-Pep Starter
Chick Starter Chick Developer Growing Mash Egg Mash
Scratch Feed, course
fine
WANTED—Team of Percheron Mares young and sound, with or without foal
Tariff of Tolls to be Collected During
Season 1939 by
in
Marble and Granite
FOR SALE-Prairie .State Incubator, 150 egg capacity. Price $10. Apply to K. H. MBS, Shawville
The Quinze Rapids Improvement Co., Ltd
Fop Use of Improvements
Sawlogs, 17 feet and under, per 1,000 feet Board Measure.. ,
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long per 1,00%* feet Board Measure ...............
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock, and all other woods, round or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per feet Board Measure
Red and White Pine* Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, square or waoey board, per 1,000 Cubic Feet.... »,
Pulpwood per Cord...........................
It is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the memory - of a loved one.
We believe that our years of experience in the manufacture of memorials* enables us to produce a suitable memorial at all prices.
We offer on any order placed between now and May 1st, a discount of 10 percent.
FOR SALE-A quantity of pressed haj mostly Timothy. Apply to Clifford Hornier, R.R. No. 1, Shawville, Phone
13 16.
ft cents
AGRNTTS WANTED- Familex will start you in a profitable business like hundreds of others throughout Canada. No experience required. We train you. Liberal commission for selling 200 guaranteed necessities. Meet all competition successfully. Ambitious salesmen, write
5ij^‘1RSS£sV«lSf?A»K,”‘
St. Clament St., Montreal.
6J cents
570
...	7| cents
<4
44
Fur Pelts Wanted
Turkey Meal Calf Meal Pig Starter

7ft cents

Shawville
Marble & Granite Works Main Street, Shawville, Que.
Spring Muskrat Skins Wanted. Highest prices paid.
NORRIS K HORNER, Licensed Fur Dealer Shawville
ft cents
E. a WOOLSEY, Secretary.
Que
Phone 43
###PAGE###6###
Quality You’ll Enjoy
•rs and slapped him on the hack.
Fat pushed her way to them.
“Bill, dear,- she tugged at him until they were away from the others. "Why are you here? What's happenedr	'"j | $
His tanned young face grew crimson. •'Well, Pat, 1 thought maybe I could help. Larry said It I came down and said that I saw his car before you went to the club and didn't notice any loose fender It would help him."
"But, darling, you didn't see the car," she said.
"Well—I know, but, Pat, he said It would help him. And I know how much you care for him. Gee, you've been looking awful lately. I guess you feel terrible about this. Maybe my saying that to the court would help him. He suggested It and his lawyer asked me to come down. They say I'll go on the stand tomorrow."
(TO BE CONTINUED)
Household
Science
# SERIAL STORY

HIT-RUN LOVE
BY MARGUERITE GAHA6AN .
FLAVOURSOME FISH DISHES For Variety la the Lea tea Meaae By Katharfae Baker
With Ash days coming twice a week during Lent, it's pretty hard to And new and interesting ways to serve Ash after the old stand-by recipes have been used. Actually there are many delicious ways in which to serve it and Ash need never become a tiresome food. Here are some suggestions which will prove useful now.
i
off the table to make room for the dessert of Mrs. McOraw's rich oatmeal cookies and canned red plums. "Yea—he's the one who'll handle Larry's case," she said. The tension In the room was broken by Shelia, her cheeks red with pity for her cousin.
"But honestly, Aunt Aggie," she broke in switching the conversation briskly. "This Tow Sweeney is grand. As I was saying I only met him for a few moments but I'm sunk—"
Pat knew she was talking to save her the embarrassment of explaining more about Larry, but every word of praise for Tom was salt In an open wound. Tom prosecuting Larry. Tom, who as Sheila said, was so grand. Why of all the people In the world, of all the lawyers In the city, should he be the one to go after Larry? And what a fool she was to permit herself to think of Tom as anything but the prosecutor. Why should the sound of Shelia’s voice singing his praise twist her heart in an illogical, shameful way? For all she knew some other girl in town had an actual right to call him wonderful, to call him her own.
Next day during an early recess Pat slipped out Into the hall crowded with traffic violators coming to pay fines for running red lights, parking in prohibited zones, speeding—all the numerous charges that make driving a major problem.
“Let’s Stop Pretending”
She saw Larry leaning against the wall smoking a cigarette and her heart beat faster even as she tried to assume a calm mien. It was hard to say It but she must. He looked so calm, so poised and assured, and through the courtroom door she caught a glimpse of Tom searching through law books, making notes, frowning.
"Larry—” her voice was nearly a whisper, but he turned.
"Well, quite a place you have here, Pat," he said, looking at her as though his visit were merely one of curiosity.
•Larry, let’s stop pretending. Are you going through with this farce? After what you told me do you still Insist upon doing this?" Her face was ,whlte, her eyes large in the shadows of her curling hair.
"Don’t forget where you are," he warned in a low voice. "And as for what 1 told you—I really don’t remember. I think that I told you I was Innocent; that I was on the other side of town, that my fender was knocked loose at the club. Wasn’t that It?"
Still An Innocent Man
The implication was obvious, yet she couldn’t give in. "Larry, you can’t get away from the real facts so easily. You’ve heard them In there tell about the child in the hospital, the grief of the family—"
He interrupted her with bitter sarcasm. "Yes, and you’ve heard how far Sweeney got with his witnesses. No one has anything on me. And they’re not going to have, either. Just remember that. If he does pull some fast ones, ring in a surprise witness that we aren’t prepared for, we can play the same game. Don’t forget that you can get up there and tell that you noticed the loose fender only after we left the club, and that you, too, were near the scene of the accident, and would have noticed my car if it had been there—"
"You can’t call me," she said, completely shaken. "You wouldn’t dare. Not after what I know, Lar-
Caet Of Characters
Patricia McGraw—heroine. She faced a choice between the law and lova.
Larry Kent—hero. He faced an even greater decision.
Tom Sweeney—proeecutor. He awaited the processes of the law.
Larry'e lawyer acoree, at the trial opens, confusing witnesses. When Shelia visits the court, Pat is Jealous of Tom's Interest In her cousin.
as
Last Week:
NOTES
RADIO
MOLDED RAMEKIN OF WHITEFISH
3 tablespoons quick-cooking tap.

NEWS
AND
ioca
CHAPTER XII
% teaspoon salt ; : IB % teaspoon white pepper Dash of Cayenne 2 cups cooked whiteftah, flaked 2 tablespoons melted butter 1 tablespoon parsley, chopped 1 cup milk
H cup buttered crumbs Combine dry ingredients, flab, butter, parsley, and milk. Turn into greased ramekins or custard cups.. Cover with crumbs. Bake in moderate oven (360eF.)	85
minutes. Unmold, if desired. Garnish with parsley. Serves 6. Any left-over, white-meated fish may be substituted for whiteflsh in this recipe, such as halibut, cod, or bass. If desired, a white sauce to which pimiento which has been forced through a sieve has been added, may be served with It.
It was a hard battle trying to control her thoughts. Pat only knew she wished it was her hand that helped hold the big yellow bound law book Tom grasped, and that it was her sleeve that brushed his as he and Shelia crowded together at the table. She prayed for the case to be resumed so that Tom would have to go away, and then when he moved beyond her line ot vision she was miserably conscious of the loss of something intangible but lovely.
“lie's grand, Pat,” Shelia whispered. “It only 1 weren't stuck In a poky school room all day. You don't know how utterly dead It can be. Forty children all doing the wrong thing at the wrong time, all getting on one's nerves at once, and not a single solitary boul to talk with. You're lucky. You always have been. You have so much.”
. . . 10.30 p.m. CBS: Columbia Workshop . . . April 4, 8.10 p.m. NBC: Information Please ...00# p.m. CBS, CBC; We The People . . . 9.80 p.m. CBS: Toronto Symphony . . . April 6, 0 p.m. NBC: Town Hall Tonight ... 10 p.m. CBS, CFRB: Raymond Paige and orchestra.
Columbia network changes will be next week's news.
THROUGH THE SUMMER
The dullest periods In the business of radio seem to be the first three weeks of March and the same In August. Summer plans begin to filter through. Winter programmes are cancelled and other» of less commercial value are shifted Into the better spots which are vacated
changes this Spring appear more numerous than In any previous year. Both NBC and Columbia are trying to turn profitable winter programmes Into all year round programmes. The practice up to the present has been to refuse to guarantee the same hour to a programme In the Fall If it went off the air in the summer. Both networks are adamant that this practice shall be maintained but they are offering their sponsors more attractive contracts if they will continue broadcasting through the summer. It is pointed out, reasonably enough, that the new portable battery radios and the radios installed In cars and In summer homes show that the people still listen during the hot weather as well as when It's cold. NBC Is keeping the Chase and Sanborn Hour and One Man’s Family through the summer.
AROUND THE DIAL
A spring festival of grand opera In tabloid form is being broadcast at noon every Sunday from the Radio City Music Hall. "La Trav-iata” will be sung on April 2. Uncle Walter’s "Dog House,” now on WLW, soon moves to the NBC red network and will be heard on Tuesday at 10.30 p.m. A sponsor is maneuvering the transfer. Geo. Jessel, veteran showman, la making a new career In radio: He has just started his Jeasel s Jamboree and handles, as well, the M.C. Job •Tor Men Only”.
Waking From Winter
The frogs emerge in Winter twice;
The third time it is Spring.
This, like all weatherwise advice,
Is not a certain thing.
When buzzards rise in circling flight,
Spring surely comes to stay,
But I have known, beyond that sight,
Many an icy d*y.
No habitant oY hills will doubt
A sign if it’s his own;
When floods have brought the cypress out,
The Winter is outblown.
—Keith Thomas in the New Yok Sun.
in consequence. The
Tall Girl Should Glory In Height
How to be Chic, Though Five Feet Ten is Something of t , Problem
But Follow the
TUNA AND CELERY SOUFFLE
4 Mi tablespoons quick-cooking tapioca
1% teaspoons salt V* teaspoon pepper
1	cup celery, finely cut
2	cups milk
1 cup tuna fish, flaked
3	egg yolks, beaten until thick
and lemon-colored 3 egg whites, stiffly beaten Combine dry ingredients, celery, and milk in top of double boiler. Place over rapidly boiling water, bring to scalding point (al-Inw 3 to f minutes), cook 5 minutes, stirring frequently, fish and egg yolks. Fold in egg whites. Turn into greased baking dish. Place in pan of hot water; bake in moderate oven (350*F.) 60 minutes. Serves 8.
FINNAN HADD1E DELMONICO
1Y» pounds finnan haddie 3 tablespoons butter 1% tablespoons flour teaspoon salt
1% cups light cream or top milk Dash of Cayenne Dash of nutmeg 3 egg yolks, slightly beaten 6 slices toast
Wash finnan haddie, soak in cold water 1 hour. Drain, cover with boiling water, and cook slowly until tender. Drain, separate into large flakes to measure 1% cups. Prepare sauce by melting butter in top of double boiler. Add flour and stir to a smooth paste. Add cream and seasonings and cook until thickened, stirring constantly. Pour small amount of sauce over egg yolks, stirring
wfcpreiihr.
boiler, place over hot water, and cook 1 minute longer. Add finnan haddie to sauce. Serve on toast with parsley. Serves 6.
Rules
Despite The Heartbreak
Pat's lips were dry as she made an inaudible answer. Lucky, she thought bitterly. It seemed that her world was emptied of luck and happiness. She was a stranger to herself. She couldn't explain the feeling she had for Tom because despite the hearbreak and worry over Larry she still cared for him, wanted to save him, wanted to be near him, to hear him say he needed her. Ties such as those that bound them couldn't be broken or even worn thin In a few weeks. She rubbed a hand over her forehead and made a pretense of working. Her reaction frightened her. Loyalty had too long been a part of her creed. Love and loyalty to Larry when he needed her most. That was what she must remember. This feeling for Tom must simply be the admiration an hon-~est, sincere, &*d man awakened
Triplets have been born to the twenty-eight-year-old wife of en Anatolian farm laborer, and the couple now have a family of 10, including three pairs of twins.
It’s not an easy matter to tura out irreproachably chic If you are a flve-foot-eight or ten girl. The little women think that dressing la all plain sailing for you. with your tall, willowy figure. Actually, It la not so easy as they think. There are many rules to obey, and much to avoid. But you can be chic In a really big way as the small woman never can hope to be. Your height will arreet attention; it Is up to you to hold that alien tlon.
Flared Princess Slip,
Pantec
Add

Flat Heels Unnecessary The basic rule for you la to glory in your height, and never stoop to conceal It. Don’t stick to flat heels unless they really suit you.
Go In for big shoulders, a built up bosom; tiny nipped-in waist and slim hips. Cut your lengths with contrasta—long jackets, abort eklrti. Be careful to avoid elongating lines, V necks, tight sleeves, princes a dresses and vertical stripes are not tor you.
And now, walk out with e regal air. You are tall, therefore, it la easy for you to be dignified and to be chic.
y
1
I

I
\
*
N
In one.
Shelia stayed on until the day's work ended. Pat forced herself to act naturally, to hide the new feeling of possessiveness toward Tom. In an agony of remorse and shame at the sensation that had swept over her when she saw her cousin with him, she invited Shelia home
on
The ABC of NBC will add another programme to those specialising in Interviews. It goes on Fridays 7.30 p.m. Bob Benchley, dramatic critic who turned radio show-moves from CBS to NBC on
I \
man,
May 23. He broadcasts at 9 p.m. directly after "Information Please '.
: %
for dinner.
"You haven't beer over for an evening In a long while. Today's a spree for you anyway, so have dinner with us. Mom will be pleased too. You can give her all the family gossip.”
Mysterious Handsome Man
She was welcome, for Sheila's chatter during the evening meal covered Pat's own silence. Mrs. McGraw loved company, for as her children grew up, tbeir lives became more complete and involved with their own little groups.
“When their father was alive
dull around

NBC will follow the example set by Columbia last year and produce
written exclusively for
*
?
%
i
an opera radio. Gian Carlo-Menotti la the
He was commissioned
2605
SIMS
M-ia
\K*
Return to double
•v
I
compos er. Illllllll|llllll||l||llll|||ll|	lllllllll||| |
by the radio corporation to write
hie tradio work two years ago. In the meantime he has won fame with his one act opera, "Amelia Goes to the Ball.” The network will be heard during the last broadcast tor this season of the NBC symphony orchestra on Saturday, April 22, from 10 to 11.30


¦a

Canine Guards Baby Princess
Oh Boy! Mom lets me sweeten my * cereal with .
BEE HIVE | l Syni. I
things were never here," she said. "When he'd come home he'd have some fine tales to tell. But them were the old days when the police in this town were
two-fisted men.HMHNÊÊHHÊMN were afraid of the men on the beat
tor they stood for no funny business. When the boys would act up the police would take them by the scruff of their necks and bump their heads together—”
The boys loved to have their mother reminisce. They laughed at her, teased her, and egged her on to tell more stories, but their eyes grew tender when she told them of young Dennis McGraw’s experience as a beat man.
"It's nice having Pat down at the court,” she told her niece. "Once In a while she meets some of the old ones—ones that knew and worked with Den. I’m glad she’s there and not in one of them fancy offices like they show In movies with velvet and marble and millionaire bosses. Working in court with members of the force is a respectable Job, and it’ll help her remember her father, God rest
p.m.
TO BE HEARD . . . March 81, 9 p.m. CBS: Orson Welles p.m. NBC: March of Time . . . April 1, 1.30 p.m. NBC, CBS: Ox-ford-Cambrldge Boat Race from BBC . . . 2.10 • 4 p.m. CBC: London Music Hall ... 9 p.m. CBS: Honolulu Bound with Phil Baker . . . 10 p.m. NBC Symphony Or
"La Traviata” from Radio City Music Hall ... 2 p.m. NBC: Magic
Philharmonic Orchestra ... 8 p.m. NBC: Charlie McCarthy from Hollywood ... 9 p.m. CBS: BEC producer Lance Sievking’s production ••The
Circle” . . . April 8. 7 p.m. CBS: Amos n’ Andy ... 8 p.m. CBS: C’est Paris ... F p.m. NBC: Hour of Charm with Dorothy Thompson
POPULAR WITH 4 TO 12
St. Bernard Is “Nurse” For Juliana’s Daughter On Swiss Holiday
. 9.30
By Loeise Lennox
e s
The hoodlums
Little girls of four to twelve will be proud to wear this new flared princess slip. For isn't it just exactly like mother’s new princess slip? It's comfy too.
Flared legged pan tees with elastic at the waistline, make it a complete ensemble. For everyday wear, lawn or nainsook is nice with sturdy narrow lace trim to make it dainty and feminine; will withstand plenty of tubbings. For
pretty.
Only two major parts to the slip ! Two major parts to the panteee.	-rr ^ r
Style No. 2605 is designed for sixes 4, 6, 8, 10 and 12 years. Size 8 requires 1% yards of Sf-inch material with 3% for slip; % yard terial with 1% yards of lace for panties.	m
Send Fifteen -(coin is preferred Write plainly your and Style Number, state size you wish.
ry.”
"Who would have a better right? You're still wearing my engagement ring. Certainly It would be logical for you to come to my aid at a time like this. Even Sweeney would admit that.”
She was too frightened to stay and any second she might be noticed talking to him. She turned and fled back to her table, horribly conscious of Tom’s glance, of his tired but ever-klnd smile.
A Witness For Him
The case was resumed and Pat watched Tom beat futliely at the defense, saw hi# face grow more weary, gray, his voice more harsh and Insistent aa he tried vainly to find something concrete at which to snatch.
She raised her head and looked over the courtroom her eyes widening in surprise as she saw the familiar face of her brother Bill: a sober faced Bill, embarrassed, self-conscious. The words of adjournment came as a welcome break while she tried to Imagine why he should be there. In the confusion of ending the day she stood frozen when Bill slipped over to Larry and spoke to him. Church put his hands on the boy's should-
The St. Bernard who his been acting aa nursemaid to Princess Beatrix, daughter of Princess Juliana of Holland Is the second dog to bring fame to the little "glacier village" of Orlndlewald, Switzerland. Although formidable in alze, he la still a puppy, answers to the name of Inca, and belongs to Herr Jean Fruh, the director of the Bear Grand Hotel.
Another Swiss dog to bring fame to Orlndlewald was Tschingel. who accompanied the late Rev. W. A. B. Collldge on many of his first ascents. Just over 65 years ago, Tschingel broke another record by taking part in the first major winter ascent- up the towering Wet-terhorn. At least, he got as far as the Horn Hut, which was found to be half-filled with snow which had to be dug out.
April 8, 12 Noon, NBC:
e # •
8 p.m. CBS: N. Y.
• e •
•lu ill 21 III
up", crepe de chine is
MUSCULAR
10 p.m. NBC: "The
• e •
RHEUMATIC
PAINS-ACHES
yards of lace of 39-inch
It takes more than “just a salve" ta bring relief. It takes a « Irritent" like good old Musteroli
___)____________:_f__________a._a a -
•YOUR
BABY
$
(16c), Pattern. Address Be sure to
j
1
and
in
his soul.”
"And let me tell you there are nice men working with her,
the
)
\

rubbed on the aching spots.
Muscular lumbago, soreness _ stiffness generally y eld promptly.
Better than the old-fashioned mus tard plaster, Musterole has beer used by millions for 80 years. Recoin mended by many doctors end mimes Modi in Canada, in throe strengths Regular, Children’s (mild), and Ex torn Strong. All druggists, 4Of each
at
CHANGE OF LIFE
some
Aunt Aggie," Shelia said laughing. "I met one today that made me wish I could quit teaching school."
"Well now, that’s interesting. Pst never said anything about a ’specially fine young man,” her mother said. "But then she’s interested in Larry and nobody else,
Who’s the one you met.
anr
Teething
Time?

6
WOMEN in mid** die-life who
. Al'If//,
MEN LOVE opo
girls with rtr
EJTJKr&ïLÿ,
BUT If yon
l


s
tins?

V-
a
of
rafygu
»eei ernro»d» m4>
i
&
•ociated with

Ai
a.
will find Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription beneficial Mrs. Samuel Corbett, 131 Par t St., Toronto,
of life* I fell ee
Business Opportunity
Retired farmer with fifteen
a
Shelia?"
"He’s tall and handsome and Irish, Aunt Aggie. And he’s the prosecutor. I guess I wouldn’t be able to do much work though If I were looking at him all day
"Prosecutor—” Bill said ques-tienlegly "Is he the one who'll—” he slopped suddenly.
Pat continued taking the plates

“Hints to Mothers** write J'.hn Steedmnn & Co„ Dept. II. 442 St. Gabriel SL. Montreal.
of
,eri
SIN
a*
•js
processor of ttle mad pen!-
c^’STEEDMAN'S
æS^powders
MMFfor
feed#. Investigation inert

fsr&SLss
sm maay • dsy 1 ksd le gw Is w , ale sed this From the Dr. t

tb
2
. Be* 15,

h
b
R
i


B
T
te.

*
###PAGE###7###
Seed Catalogues
tta oar*;
•d It wuti to root
Dwarf Fruit Trees Growing In Favor
TU» le the month the
Trudging through snow and rata and fogs,	, „
These early harbingers of Spring's Return—the garden catalogues. Snug by the biasing hearth, I plan A flower-bed woven of a dream Of larkspur and valerian And lilies bending by a stream. Though these frail seedlings may not bloom
In bright profusion, what 1 ses Prefigured in this lamp-lit room Is none the less reality.
Nor frost nor winter storms shall
afraid to introduce progressive legislation for fear of offending some voters.—Kitchener Record.
PeflismenUry
Doing»
,=s
OUR PURCHASING POWER
Practically half the total n her of passenger automobiles sold to customers in Canada In 1988 were sold in Ontario: 47,676 out of the dominion total of 96,972, or 49.6 per cent
Just over half the entire eenger car registration in Canada was in Ontario: 682,212 out of 160,978, or 60.1 per cent
Next to Ontario’s 46,676 now car purchases came Quebec’s 18r 166. Next to Ontario’s registration of 682,212 cams Quebec’s 169,808.
The purchase and possession of motor cars is sn important indie*-
Stales


Dwarf varieties of fruit trees are claiming an Important place in the smaller orchards of New York state. Prof. H. B. Taker. Ph.D., head of the Geneva, N.Y., experimental station, told a gathering of fruit men In the armories, Strath-roy, Ont., last week.
Prof. Taker was the principal speaker at the annual dinner of the II. C. Downham Nurseries of Strath roy attended by 100 firm representatives and agricultural authorities of the district.
For Closer Planting The New York expert told that because of the closer planting in small orchards the dwarf varieties were now favored by the smaller grower. They are no longer a novelty but must be considered an advance In fruit growing.	' “
Prof. Tukey told of the progress in fruit growing In his state where ho said two Canadian originations, the McIntosh Red and the Me-Cowen, the latter coming from the Ottawa experimental station, were the most favored varieties.
v
BY
The Ontario Legislature was a
Cheat* et that Beat Halting* by-•lectloe (December, 1»M> walked
thing* thought long de-eently dead wars aired by Premier Hepbarn and OppoalUoa Leader Drew dariag the meet heated Interchange of the eeeelon . . eomethlng about Colonel Draw# having referred to (eo they laid) the Preaeb-Canadlana a* "a defeat-
pele
• • • •
This pledge of April’s counterpart Nor nil tho winds of heaven assail A garden planted in tho heart!
s o
tion of tho purchasing power of Ontario's people.—Toronto Stof Weekly.
What started these grave-digging operations was a speech by tho Liberal Member for Cochrane North, J. A. Mabel (French-speaking), who rose to the defence of his own people and accused certain "gang" members of trying to promote disunity In this country . ... In the melee which ensued, Insulting words were flung across the floor of the House, and the Speaker had all but to knock the heads of the two party leaders together to restore order.
Speaking of deaths and burials and such, brings us to a serious piece of legislation Just Introduced, a Bill to amend the Coroner’s Act which would give the Attorney-General power to order an Inquest in cases where a body has been removed from Ontario . . This provision is to be retroactive, with the result that Mr. Conant would have power to order an inquest In the sensational Sidley will case.
1 This Curious World
By William
Ferguson


-v'v
l:
w-

# #
J Si
V\
T •


VOICE OF THE PRESS

4
•%
THE MAP OF EUROPE
Publishing an up-to-date atlas la as tricky as getting out s Hollywood fan magazine with all the stars married to the right people. —Winnipeg Tribune.
ONE FOR CANADIAN YOUTH
The 17-year-old Middlesex farmer who was the leading winner at the Middlesex Seed Fair is a pretty good answer to those who deplore the decadence of Canadian youth.—London Free Press.
TRY BATHING BEAUTIES What with the reputation our politicians are getting these days it would be pretty hard to stir up any interest In one of those sea monsters.—Hamilton Spectator.
PLENTY FAST ENOUGH A speaker on traffic safety urges motorists to pledge themselves not to exceed 60 miles per hour. It is good advice. A mile in 72 seconds, even under perfect conditions, ought to be fast enough far anybody using the public roads.—-Ottawa Journal.
FLAW IN DEMOCRACY
One flaw in a democracy is that right after a government is elect-

Erect in his slowly moving automobile this radiophoto shows Adolf Hitler making his triumphant entry into conquered Bruenn, formerly Brno, capital of the “protectorate” of Moravia. “Enthusiastic” inhabitants jam a Swastika decorated balcony to anap into the Nazi salute as the Fuehrer passes on his way to the city hall from the railroad station. The second armored division of the German army which had preceded him into Germany’s new domain was reviewed by Hitler here.
• #
o.
%
FROM THE TOPS OF FUJIYAMA AND MOUNTRAINIER. WERE EXCHANGED 0V THE NATIONAL PARK. I
SERVICES OF JAPAN AND THE UN/TED
M
i
cess of 460 miles an hour, engineers said.
The low-wing, all-metal experimental Lockheed was ' fitted with 1,000 horsepower engines. At cruising power they delivered an average of some 350 miles an hour.
Engine* almost twice aa powerful, which would provide a tremendous Increase in speed, are now under teet.
BETWEEN THE TWO COUNTRIES.
Criticism of the Bill by the Opposition centred around the making of "a Ashing expendition" out of each inquest, designed to injure the good name of deceased persona ,
would reduce the number of apparently needless Inquests, declaring that the average inquest costs about |I0, and that an autopsy adds $16 to $10 to the costa . ... Mr. Croil of Windsor on the other hand considers Inquests “a safety valve", helping to ally the fears of families of deceased people.
The

I
IMITATION
Ac&msz
CM BP MADE FROM
CELLULOID AND CANADIAN BALSAM. U * PUT NEITHER	|
OF THESE	H.
SUBSTANCES WIU- |L_ BECOME £LBZrX/F/ED BY FR/CFtOAJ AS WILL AMBER,.
BOOK SHELF
V* X W

%
By ELIZABETH EEDY
. . . the Attorney-General
“DANGER SIGNAL”
By Phyllis Bottoms
How to prevent a murder . . . . which she feels sure la bound to happen .... is the problem confronting Dr. Sills. Czech psychologist. When the red-haired girl raises her eyes, and lowers them again, shamefacedly, Dr. 8111a knows she will have to act fast
It's a fascinating story of tangled human emotions—a drama in which life and love and death are all mixed up. The author (who wrote “Private Worlds", “Mortal Storm") does a smooth Job of unravelling. The death of Archer olarlfles It all for the distraught heroine.
But we’re not telling you if the murder came off. . . .
“Danger Signal"
Bottom® .
A Stewart, 216 Victoria Street $240.

SPARROWS
MAKE UP
ONE-SGVÆNTH
U.S. Wheat Being Milled In Ontario

OF NORTH AMERICA.
Hospitalisation of mentally U1 persons, the Premier claims, is one of the greatest problems In Ontario at the present time . . . . only one oat of five persons committed to an Institution has a
Ottawa Giving Consideration
to Matter; Makes it Herd for
THE Englbb sparrow Is the only true sparrow In this country.
cbes. Some of the more common of the great g our so-called sparrows Include tbo vesper/ chipping, tree, field. Sox, white-throated, lark, savanna^

r
Trade Minister Baler told the House of Commons at Ottawa last week that the Government was giving consideration to the situation created by the inflow of American wheat Into Eastern Canada, displacing Ontario-grown wheat.
There was no doubt some wheat was coming in from the United States and being milled In Ontario, and possibly some wss being exported, he said. These Importations were coming in under the law as It stands at present.
. “I may admit, however, that the situation is giving some concern to the Government, but at the moment I can only say that It Is receiving consideration," the Minister said.
Conservative Leader Hanlon drew the Government’s attention to the question when he reported Ontario farmers finding It impossible to sell their wheat through usual channels because 600,000 bushels of “subsidized American wheat" had been brought into On-, tarlo for use by certain Ontario flour mills.	- , 1 JPv S
shames to recover, he says . . . .
After Ontario’s three new hospitals
valuable fust
NEXT: WfcaS animal
are completed, we find, they will
serve to relieve only the pressure existing hi the other Institutions, is the average increase in resident "mental" patients In Ontario every fear Is SCO . . . . Insane asylum population increased in the province lfiJ per cent, between 1911 and lilt, or 4 per cent per year til now there ate over II,-tal Institutions . . . . building more hospitals for the tally 111 Is like locking the stable door after the horse is gone . . . . Thus to cstch people Is before they go insane .... Negatively, bund more hospitals; positively,
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
Toronto Boy Missing From
Prague
by Phyllis Toronto: McClelland
L
o e e e
too
I
%
\ Vîô*
Planes To Fly At 500 M.P.H.
0 0 0 #
*0
>jgr
AH'
U. S. Army Officials F
Early Achievement F<4-
*


stble for people to live well-rounded out, saner lives.
Speed of 500 miles an hour in the sir, It developed this week, apparently will be achieved soon.
At Wright Field, the United States Army’s test laboratory for types of warplanes, officers said that Lieutenant Ben Kelsey, the pilot who crashed on -February 11 In a new twin-motor pursuit plant after a near-record transcontinental flight, had "cruised" at 60 per cent of power on his Jaunt.
Kelsey’s actual (lying time for the 2,454 miles from Southern California to New York was Just a shade more than seven hours.
While the use of full throttle would not have given him 40 per cent, more speed—speed does not increase in direct ratio to the amount of power used—his pace for the entire distance indicated a probably top for the ship In ex-
The Liquor Control Board of Ontario paid over to the province at the end of March #10,500,000 on account of profit# and permits . . ¦ total legal pales in Ontario of beer, wine and spirits soared to SSI,-000,001 during the year ending Mar #L am increase of 10.6% over
tho ten and
one-half million dollars Is being used to help balance Ontario's bud-
/

\

• o

M <
\
Dog Days

*0
Fears are felt for the safety of Gordon Skilling, Toronto-born radio commentator for the Czech government in Prague. Mr. Skilling presented the case for the Csech government over the air during the Munich crisis and has not been heard from since Hitler’s forces moved into Prague. Anxiety has also been expressed for the safety of his wife.
• e e e
Leaving his dog locked in the car one day last week, Bob Keith, of Disney, Okla., went about his business. The dog brushed against the emergency brake and released it; the car coasted down an incline, finally smashing into a store. Customers broke down the store door in their rush for freedom—and the dog bit the workman who released him.

get.

Which way the wind blows: public reaction to the suggested raising of the tax on gasoline is universally unfavorable, rural districts being particularly opposed . . Individual farmers could not expect to gain to the same extent as urban residents through a sharing of the increase with municipalities.

# e
By L. Frank Baum
WONDERLAND OF OZ

Aa important amendment to Ontario's Mining Act provides for animal medical inspections to be given to miners engaged in dust occupations .... it also hits at high-grading (boot-legging of gold).
We’ll talk about the new Budget next week.
Sl-A
)
M
'i
TO
a
0

8
aft
m
• e
Wings
O
i
V
# j
o o
\
h
H.we’er unhappy I may be There la mom# beauty left to me! A bird’s wild song, the smell of
o o
s
vca

t

•i
m
K

$
And then my heart leap, up again. ¥nm weeded hills I hear the call
When he wae finished, the cook bowed "We w111," said the Wiser*. “Thank you
^	--------—"	*—* was the
“Oh. this Is lota of fun!" Dorothy ex "Oh, thank you," said Dorothy. “It's lucky ¦ claimed. "Let's find the rest of him and we started you first, for X am hungry and low before th
... ». ».	~ “.ns™tîï; “ WSm
.is' .m «ME
Aunt
and said: *T will go to
first to discover a piece of the Chlgrle-wlts. "ThL matching folks together
the kitchen now and prepare your din-
ner. You will find K hard to get all the ruddles together, se I advise you to begin Lord High Chlgglewlta, whose
Larry. Ha's a fat
foolish to me," she said, mar aa wall get rid of some of this rubbish." They worked eagerly and Billina's

».	ÏÏTÏ
Of him
on the
sharp eyes proved
ZrlL IÎ2U &
e Is
feet alike have
a p»nk vest and brown Is f chief
BSSSSSi™=-¦


###PAGE###8###
I
South Onslow Council
Financial Statement of the Municipal Corporation of the County of Pontiac for the year ended
Slat December, 1939
Men! Dress up
0
April 3rd, 1939
A regular meeting of the Municipal Council of South Onslow held on above date at the usual place of meeting members of Council being present On motion of Crs. Clarke Young, the minutes of last meeting were continued as read.
On motion of Crs. Fraser-West brook, 15 8% I the following bills were ordered paid
36 66 23 30
For Spring
All
Two Trouser Suites in W urstedi that stress the new spring shades,
- RECEIPTS —
Cush in Bunk on 1st January, 193*.................
“ from local municipalities on County Rate, 1938 „	» .i »	»	“	" arrears
WRITE
NOW
5attte
11187 65 2101 84 817 31
B I
$22.50 and $25.00
meaiure
“	44	11	“ interest on	• • •
u “	44	“ special rates..................
" Bank of Nova Scotia, interest on savings account
ÉSss
VIE
1649 97
County Rate ................
Sawyer & Massey, repairs to
grader..................
The Euuity, printing........
John Robinson, ballance re
Mulligan.............
Dr. R. M. Hudson, medical
services.... ........... 12 60
YV. J. Fleming board of council 13 43
li 60
Spring Shirts
By Forsyte
& 44
_ fine Ue sound, permanent investment ^
AbeolubS weàther-
tight <1 really reduce» ire hasard.
SOL» ON A tS YEA* GUARANTEE
roo

11 00
|3581 91

Total Receipts
12 00
EXPENDITURE
/
Plain White and Colours Forfused Collar
$508 25 15 00 10 00 52 80 10 94 21 63 169 18 300 00 102 64 100 00 14 00 100 00 600 00 150 00 100 00 100 00 30 00 35 00 765 00
Sessional expenses of members of Council
Auditor J. D. Moorhead ................
Premium on Sec.-Treas. K Q. Bond........
The Epuity, Printing ...................
James Hope <k Sons, stationery..........
C.P.R. Crossing repairs,
Delegations, Slievn-Temiscaming Road.........
Short Courses in Agriculture (3).............
Provincial Blank Forms, Valuation Rolls....
Drummond, Steonographer’s salary.............
Registrar’s Telephone........................
Shawville Nursing Home.......................
Agricultural Sect’y Annual Fairs, (3).......
School Fairs (3).............................
Restocking lakes etc , with young fish ......
Plowing Match ......................•"'Y'*
Flowers for deceased members of Council.
Rent of Council Hall...........«.............
Secretary Treasurer’s salary, rent and postage
Total expenditures....................
Cash in Bank 31st December, 1938 ............

eiemption.
ManefoctW Trves Barn»
Foster Dowe, trucking etc--	.
Bills in connection with eradication of warble fly.
VV. Westbrook..............
H Boland...................
Oeo Fraser............... • •
C. Mohr....................
A. Clarke..................
H. Young...................
A. Smiley .................
M. Muldoon ................
L Kennedy .................
W. Kennedy, poll clerk 2 years A. Kennedy, travel to Hull ..
A. Clarke..................
Motion—Crs. Clarke and Young — That the motion of Dec. 10th, 1938, appointing a committee and also of Jan. 3rd, 1939, upholding the actions of committee in placing of H Mulligan at John Robinson’s be rescinded.—Carried. The collection roll was then examined 4. |and homologated on motion of Crs.
________Smiley and Young.—Carried
•to? a? Motion —Crs. Clarke and Frasei — *	'That there be levied for road labor two
(2) mills.—Carried.
On motion of Cr. Westbrook, the $1000 00 j Council then adjourned.
250 00
p*
nL
r t
$1.55 and $2.00
Eastern Steel Prod nets
hmitrd
$12 00
6 00
Bristol-Clarendon
12 00 12 00 15 00
$1.75 and $2.95
The "Morgan" Hat,
9 00
Teachers Wanted
Gloves, Hose and Neckwear
9 00
12 00 12 00
Protestant Intermediate Teacher for School No. 1, Calumet Island, Que, duties to commence Sept. 1st, 1939, and conclude June 30. 1940. Please state salary expected. None but Teachers holding diplomas need apply. All applications to be in the hands of the undersigned Secretary Treasurer on or before April 16tb, 1939.
Norris B. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
5 00
3 00
6 00
i
Order your chick early from Snawville Hatchery.
R. W. flonoiNS, Proprietor
Winners of Short Course Competitions
JAS. CARSWELL,
Secretary-Treasurer, Box 66, Campbell’s Bay, Que
13184 44
Farm for Sale
PUBLIC SPEAKING
14	years and under—Tlugal Sharp.
15	to 19 years—Clarence Dean, Benny Killoran, Vernon Gallagher, David Belanger, John McCredie, Oliver Bean.
20 to 25 year*—Ebert Horner, Wilmer Hodgios, Lee H origins.
¦¦¦fell SEEDS
Being Lot 5 on the 7th Range of the Township of Clarendon, containing 850 acres, more or less ; about 100 acres in bush. For further particulars apply to
E. H. MEE,
Sbawville, Que.
Estimates for the Colonization and Municipal Affairs Departments amounting to 11,611,600 were approved Tuesday of last week by the Quebec Legis lative Assembly.
- ASSETS -
Real Estate, Lot 226 Campbell's Bay, assessed value
Furniture and equipment, estimated..............
Cash on hand and in Bank .......................
Arrears of taxes............... ..............
Total Assets.............................
Jos. A. Steele
Sec-Treas
397 47 335 27
Oats—Oliver Bean, Lee A Horigins» (Ivan Rose and Keith E. Bean, equal), Dalton Richardson, Walter Kilgour
David Belanger, Lee
$1982 74
LIABILITIES
Hudgins, Clarence Dean, Oliver Bean, Douglas Fulford, (Wilmer Hodgins and Ivan Rose, equal).
Alfalfa—David Belanger, William Hanna, Ivan R »se, (Dalton Richardson and Clarence Dean, equal), Walter Kilgour.
Clover— David Belanger, Dalton Richardson, Oliver Bean, Gordon Armstrong, Walter Kilgour, (Iverson Harris, Lee Hodgins, Wilmer Hudgins, equal.)
POULTRY and LIVESTOCK
NONE
Examined and found correct January 31st, 1939
[J. D. MOORHEAD, Aduitor
I of the first Sunday School held at i Snipe Lake in the homestead days. Known to all as a real pioneer, she universally respected and be
The onjy low-priced car combining
FULOfEP
was
Mis'. Orr is survived by her husband and four daughters :	Mrs.
Ken Phillips, Rose Isle, Man.; Mrs Russ Phillips. Kairholro, Sask.; Mrs Russell English and Mrs. Herb Frayling, both of Saskatoon.
The funeral was held on wed nesday, March 22, the service being in the Eston United Church. Rev. A. J Waterman officiating. The solo “Face to Face ’ by Mrs. A. J. Andrews.
The pall bearers were T. Warren, W. Warren. A. War , N. Ur vie. J. E. Campbell and
Ray Andrews.
99
All That's Best at Lowest Cost
U
Poultry— Wilmer Hrdgii p, Lee Hodgins, Iverson Hump, Waller gour, David Belanger, Bruce Elliott
Ayrshire—Lee H origin*, Jack Barber, Vernon Gallagher, Basil Elliott, Norris McDowell, Keith Bean.

Kit
i
Lee Hodgins, Dalton
Richardson, Iverson Harris, Keith Bean» Clarence Dean, Carl Dale.
Sw ine—Wilmer Hudgins, Lee Hod-gin*, Benny Killovan, (William Hanna and Jack Barber, equal), (Murray McNeill and Dalton Richardaon, equal).
Sheep—Lee Hodgins, Wilmer Hedging, Iverson Harris, Oliver Beau». ^ Ebert Richardson. Ei nest Dean.
was sung
Mes*i s


ren
\
Mrs. John Conolly Well-Known Resident Of Clarendon Passes
After a brief illness the death occupied at the home of her son, Lloyd Conolly, 7th Line, Clarendon, on Monday morning, March 27th, of Mrs. John Conolly, in her
79th year.	... ,
Mrs. Conolly, was a life-long resident of Clarendon. She was formerly Miss Mary Eliza Strutt, daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. Robert Strutt. Mrs. Conolly was very widely known throughout the district and was particularly noted for her kindly and charit
able disposition. ,,	,	_
She was predeceased by her husband last April and left to mourn the loss of a devoted mother are, five daughters, Mrs. Truman Tuck, Ottawa ; Mrs. Ellis Hodgins, Sea mans, Sask ; Mrs. Win Marks, Wyman ; Mrs. Russell Wallace. Coud en, Ont., and Miss Winnifred Conolly, Ottawa ; and two sons, Cecil, of Ogden, Utah, U.S.A., and Lloyd, on the homestead. There are also four brothers, John Strutt, Clarendon ; George Strutt, Ottawa ; James Strutt, Pembroke and Langford Strutt, of Shawville.
The funeral, largely attended, was held on Wednesday afternoon from the late home to Shawville United Church, where service was conducted by the pastor, Rev. A. ¦sa, F. Pokes, assisted by Rev. Jacob I Weaver and Rev. Mr. Hilton. Dur-mg the service. Miss Kathleen Woodley sang as a special selection, “The Stranger of Galilee."
Interment was made in Maple Grove cemetery, the pall bearers being, Messrs. Geo. T. Dagg. John Caldwell, Hiram La them, Nor va I Kilgour, Andrew Tubman and
A number of beautiful floral tri butes were received.
Get More "Quick Cash" Profits This Season
There’s always a ready market for quality eggs. They are the "Quick Cash” crop for farmers and poultry keepers. Get more quality eggs and more cash from your hens and save on feed costs. Feed your flock
d fl
Teachers Wanted
Illustrated—Chevrolet Master De Luxe Sedan with trunk
It Out-Accelerates All Other Low-Priced Cars
?
*0o*î*y**"
*
fâ
fr

Fufc ° ZFP
It’s faster on the getaway!
It’s more powerful on the hills!

This balanced ration of liberal oat-
p meal content provides the elements hens need for producing eggs— plenty of eggs— and good profits for you. See me today.
39-
I

>
I
V Quaker
^ FULo PEP \
MASH A
It’s the liveliest, most spirited, most flexible of all low-priced
thereby contributing to
v,
KEEP YOUR HERD AT MAXIMUM MILK PRODUCTION . . .
Yet Rtitt Strong, Hesfthy Prolit-eWe Stock on Quaker Caff Meat
>
°U*-Lt
WxV'
•Id
cars
safety.. • also the most economical car to buy, operate
*'0o/*£
I

C. H. MacLean
Red St White Store
Shawville, Quebec
Quaker Calf Meal
balanced ration, scientifically compounded to take the place oi whole milk aftef| the first month. Thousands of alert Canadian dairymen have proved that Quaker Calf Meal costa less to feed» gives results that compare most favourably with .natural whole milk feeding, and permits selling the ¦ I ¦¦ i of milk from the herd
is a
and maintain.
Tip
See it, drive it, at our showrooms today!
Mrs. Alex H. Orr Dies At Snipe Lake, Sask.
(From Eaton (Sask.) Press)
The death took place at E-ton, on Sunday. March 19, of Mrs. Mary Ann Orr, wife of Mr. Alex H. Orr, wife of Mr. Alex. H.‘ Orr, of the Snipe Lake district.
Death came after a long illness, borne with the utmost fortitude
and cheerfulness,	.
• Mrs Orr was born at Bristol. October 8, 1870. a daughter of the late Mr and Mrs. Archibald Mc-Cuaig. Her marriage took place at Bristol, Que,, Nov. 14, 1900. Mr. and Mrs Orr came west 31 years ago, and after a brief stay at Swift Current they came to their homestead in the Snipe Lake district in 1909.
Mrs. Orr was an active worker in the community from thn'pioneer days onward, being particularly interested in the work of the church. She was superintendent

Don’t be satisfied with anything
bet the tsst-BUY A CHEVROLET!
a\ l'-
in um
while raising the calves into strong, lusty heifers.
Car of Rennie’s No. 1 Seed Corn to arrive latter part of April. This was bought to compete with the lowest price that anyone will offer. May we have your order
now ?
Quaker
Calf Meal
'CHEVROLET/;
-m
car
J

Shawville Milling Co.
Elmside Women’s Institute will meet at the home of Mrs. Howard Walsh, on Wednesday afternoon, April 12th, at two o clock. Programme s Extracts from House-Id Treasure «Chest. Roll call-hour saving hints, .	_
John L. Hodgins
G. H. MacLean
Red & White Store
Shawville
y
Quebec
Shawville,
Que.
E
»IIV PROW fl BUSINESS LEADER .-YOUR CHEVROLET DEALER
fi
