###PAGE###1###
$1.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the UnlttdStatea
I
MAY 2 . 1940
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE:, THURSDAY
No. 45, 57tii Year
GOWLING
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
Corner Bank and Somerset Streets
Ottawa, Ontario
MARRIED
aiinwvllJe Badminton Club will
hold n mixed dunce in Wilson’s Misses Kathleen Woolley and Hall, on Friday night, May 3rd. Katie Elliott spent the week ei d
Keep the date in mind.	in Ottawa.	| At Portage du Fort, Que
msssM i	ggiii
and corn.	Gordon Strutt, KC.A.F,, Otta- Mr. G A. Howard, and thn late
The Annual Convention of Wo- Wfli *pant the weekend at the | Mrs. Howard, of Shawville, Que. men s Institutes of Pontiac Countv home of Ida mother, Mrs. Herbert
will be held in the W. I,- Club Strutt.	i	finRixiw—Dcjklop
Auction 9AI.H8 — Auctioneer I ^ of Ottawa, have been visiting i Gordon, of Copper Cliff, Ont., only Arnold O Neill, of Douglas, (hit, H(, the home of her parents, Mr. SOn ot Mrs. Gordon and the late will hold public sales at the farm Ln<1 Mrs w. H. Barr.	Mr Jas. C. Gordon, of Wyman,
ESESK&r	ga
ville, on Saturday, May 4th. Both ter Walsh, Zion section.	fh* bride was attended by Miss
sales will start at one o clock, and Mr £)ean Howard, ot Ottawa, Mabel Bronson, ot Quyon, and Mr. a wide variety ot faim e<L1lPl5en; and sister, Mrs. Jack Bowden, of Gordon Ballantyne. nephew of the and other articles are offered at I Bracebridge, Out, were in town groom, acted as best man.
In Saturday s **^16 Invar t.h« wppk-pnd find attended I The bride chose a heaven blue
_	m - e	. • •   -
Shawville Hardware
Howard—Tonrr
on
• 1


the Çenuine
This old reliable school has removed to larger and finer premises. The finest and most modern in Ontario. Attend a school with an established reputation. Open all year.
Sherwin - Williams M	Z
emHustre
r,


H. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
W. E. COWLING President
SATIN - ENAMEL
4

The sensational washable satin enamel for walls, woodwork, furniture, etc. Finger marks, grease, ink and other stains wash off with soap and water. We have a full selection of the lovely pastel shades.
ZI9II

JAMES A. MILLAR


B A. L L. L
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
129 Main St.,Hull, Que.
At Moyle’s Hotel, Campbell’s Bay every Wednesday morning
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon
iv :
th
TÆ
See our distinctive
Wall Papers
. u ,	,	. Bracebridge, Ont, —~ ......... -
¦ Nnu9. In Srttunmy s saie over the week-end and attended | rue nnue cnose a nenveu vine good cows will be auctioned. J tj|0 Howard-Toner wedding at ^beer dre«s with matching accès-
Portage du Fort on Monday even-1 sotie?. She wore a corsage of pink
carnations and sweet peas.
Mi-s Bronson wore airforce blue
with matching accessories
of sweet peas and

both Farms, some |
See posters.
Shawville United Y. F. U. will | mg. present their three-act comedo-
drama “Meet the Medicine Man Band Concert May 7th Under
in the Theatre on Friday, May 17, patronage of District Musicians
, This drama is	___

GARLAND C. ROW AT
I

NOTARY PUBLIC
Graduate of McGill University
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Office-In the G. F. Hodgina Building Main Street, Shawville. Que.
Z
ere

corsage
an
fern.	,
A wedding luncheon was served
at the home of the groom's sister,
Mrs. A. XV. Nicholson, 066 Bronson
Ave., Ottawa.
A reception in honour ot the young couple was held at Pine Lodge, Bristol, on Friday evening, when about 300 friends gathered
to extend be«t wi-hes.
Mr. and Mrs Gordon left Sunday evening for Copper Cliff, where they will reside.
at 8 o'clock, p. m.
of the best entertainment
Est. C. J. Caldwell
9*
___	__	,	_	Music teachers, organists, choir
vehicles that this group of young |ea,ier}* and others interested in people have used and its humor ,nUj,jc will be guest patrons at the and ludicrous situations aught to Opening Band Concert at Shaw-be highly enjoyed. The play ville Theatre hall, Tuesday even centers around the experiences of	May 7th.
a rather doubtful travelling medi Bandmaster W. H. Finlayson cine show, led by their pompous ftnd members of Shawville Boys' manager, Major Bragg ^et this Hand are arranging a programme date aside for an enjoyable, even- designed to please all, and it is
honed that citizens of this district will make a special effort to attend,
*• °» a,.,.	.ti	Hodoins-McElbov
98th Birthday, May 1st	any community may well be proud A $)retty hou^e wedding was
™¦	.«	, ax	i At	i	ktr solemnized on Saturday afternoon,
Today, (Wednesday, May 1st), Besides the regular numbers b> A , o;th, at the home of the Mr. George »Ilynes, Shawville/ the full Band, the programme w ill biiide^ father, Ottawa, Ontario, grand old man, has reached his include instrumental solos, duets hftlf past one o’clock when Miss P8th birthday and The Equity and trios by members of the Band, Annie E McElroy, daughter of joins many friends in extending and special surprise features by Mr A1)nn McElroy and the late ongratulations and best wishes an Ottawa entertainer.	Mrs. McElroy, became the bride of
to the aged gentleman. Mr. Admissions are, -j and lu cents, caporal Gilmotir C. Hodgin», Hynes, weave pleased to report,	-----*----- H.C A.F., of St. Thomas, Ont,
ÏJÆS-'«ill Kin3itaT1 Bristol Busy gw.
¦	.¦	, , PÜBPP I Rev. Robert Good officiated at
The regular monthly meeting of the wedding and Mr. E. McOuatt Bristol Busy Bees Institute was pjaved the wedding music.
held at the home of Mr». U. A. Given in marriage by her father,
Macfarlane on Friday afternoon, tj,e bride was attended by her April 19th, with the vice president,1 ^ter, Miss Gertrude McElroy. Mrs. Roland Russell presiding. ; Mr sterling Hodgin», brother of Minutes of last meeting were ^ groom, was best man. read and adopted and the îol. call j A flitnply fashioned ensemble in was answered by. “Grandmothers 80ft grey	was worn by the
favourite supper dish.	bride. Her hat was a matching
Correspondence was read and model, styled with a veil, and «he discussed. One pair of wristlets wore a corsage of Talisman roses, and a helmet were received for the ^he bridesmaid had chosen a Red Cross.	.	beige crepe dress and wore brown
Mrs Findlay was appointed dele- accessories. She wore a corsage gate to the County Convention at 0f Token roses.
Fort Coulonge. Plans were made Immediately after the reception, to hold a Euchre Party at Pine Corporal Hudgins and his bride Lodge on May 10th. Eight sick )eft on * motor trip. The biide calls were reported	WOre a black lapin jacket with her
A very interesting paper on Wedding costume for travelling. “Meats', their value and danger in T1 *111 re*ide in Ottawa, the diet, was read by Miss Evelyn Among the out-of-town guests
Duff e .	. -V ;	. were : Mr. and Mrs Hurst Hudgins,
Meeting closed with the sinking sterling Hudgins and Mr. and of God Save the King.	Mr». Heman Elliott, of Shawville,
Dainty refreshments were served ftnd Mr. and Mrs. Melvin McElroy, by the hostess.	of chesterville.
. #
one



J. OSCAR LAFLAMME, K.C.
%
Advocate. Barrister, Solicitor, etc.
: Campbell’s Bay, Que.
(In Lawn Block)
y y
Orne K
E»ri
ing
FENCING
yv
DONAT Le GUERRIER Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
B. A
• #

Branch at Quyon ; will call any Monday on request
Matters dealt with bylcorrespondence
c:
‘Stelco’ Copper Bearing Fencing

R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, 2-2219
Tree Planting and Beautification Effort
119 MAIN STREET
HULL, QUEBEC
i
The Directors of Pontiac Agricultural -Society No. 1, wish to continue tree planting on the grounds again this year and have proposed May 10th, especially in the forenoon as a suitable tune. Persons having trees suitable for the .purpose are requested to advise an Executive or Director and to endeavor to have their trees ready for an early morning rush.
This is the largest public grounds in the' District owned by the people and it should be improved. May we have a large number of
helpers come early.
An effort is being made to secure a practical man to supervise- the planting and later at one o clock to give a general address on beautification of public ground», homes, This address will be tor
ladies and gentlemen,
A special announcement about lunch will be made in next issue of The Equity. R W. Hodgms, Secretary.;
At Proudfoot’s Hotel, Campbell eBay y Tuesday from 2.00 to 4.30 p.m. Pontiac House, Shawville, every Tuesday from 5.T>0tg 8-00 Pm>

ever
Canada’s Best
Limited quantity at these
At
D. J. CAMBPELL
Veterinary Surgeon
shawvijlle
prices

1
8 stands, 42 inches high, 16inch uprights
57 cts. per rod
7 strands, 40 inches high, 22 inch uprights
46 cts. per rod
7 strands, 26 inches high, 6 inch uprights
(hog) 38 cts. per rod
18 strands, 48 inches high, (poultry)
55 cts. per rod
Barb Wire 4 pt. 6 inch $4.25 per roll
Phone 8 I.
f
Dr. R. G. DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
v

Graduate of McGill University
Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals
SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 19
At Campbell’s Bay from Friday mght to Monday night of each week
etc
Rev. F W K. Harris, Former Pastor of St. Andrew's Church, Bristol, Passes
Morehead Red Cross Unit


The Morehead Unit of the Campbell*» Bay Red Cross Branch held a meeting on Tuesday afternoon, April 23rd. The list of work completed and sent in was as follows : §9 sleeveless sweaters ; 3 pneumonia jackets ; 3 hospital gowns ; 0 ladies skirts ; ti children’s skirts ; 2 men’s shirt*; 5 washcloth* (donated.) The Unit was organized the latter part of February.
James Findlay Aged Wyman Resident Passes
this district.
Many friends in particularly in Bristol, learned with deep regret of the death of Rev. F. W. K Harris, at his home in Peterborough, on Wednesday, April 24th.
On account of ill health, Mr Harris had retired from church activities nine years ago. During his ministry in Bristol, as Pastor of St. Andrew’s Church, Mr. Harris gained a wide circle of staunch
friends in all walks of life and in
all religious denominations. He held ministerial charges at Mount Hamilton, Aylmer, Bristol and Maxville.
Besides his wife, he leaves one daughter, Miss Margaret Harris, of West Gilford, Out ; one son, James Harris at home ; and one sister, Miss Lottie Harris, of
Toronto.	|
The funeral service was held at Peterborough, on Saturday morning, while burial was made in Toronto.
Dr. R.E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
!
short illness the
Following a death 6f James Findlay occurred at his home in Wyman section, Bristol township on Wednesday, April 24th.	?
At the advanced age ot 89 years. Mr. Findlay was one of the oldest and best known citizens of the district XVhen four years old he came to Canada with his parents, the late James Findlay and his wife, Sarah McNeill, lie was ed ucated in the schools of Bristol and engaged in farming all ot his life-time He attended St. And rews United Church.
Surviving in addition to his widow, the former Mary Jane Towell, are five daughters, Mrs. Thomas McNeill, of Maryland, tine.; Mrs. B. Wilson and Mrs. Thomas Mac-Eachren Mrs. Robert Laird, of Montreal, and Mrs. John Cuthbertson, of Bristol ; four sous, Edward, at home ; Earl, of Sudbury and
Drummond Medical Building
609
Diummond Street MONTREAL. QUE.
PLATEAU 6 3 8 8
*

War Chanties Grow

. *
Df\. WALLACE J. W. HODCINS
Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503
1224 St. Catherine Street. West MONTREAL, QUE.
The effort of men and women throughout Canada to provide, as far as possible, for the welfare and comfort of enlisted men and their dependents steadfastly continues with enthusiasm, according to XV. Gordon Gunn, Administrator of the War Chartities Act. To date over four hundred separate organizations have registered under the Act. These do nut include branches or chapters of National organizations, which'number in the thou uid».
Re ently a flow of applications have been received from Nor we. Canada or Canadians of won in descent, for registration funds, principally directed to t) <id of refugees fiom the war . l ich has been visited upon thei uneland.
XV Imrities fall into two dis-tinc oups ; those working as a unit ù a national organization and tho* liât work independently for a m r. localized purpose, such as. the ovision of welfare for men enli ied from a particular locality. All liese characters are required by the War Charities Act to make complete returns and submit statements to the Government covering their funds.
j

*

1
BELAI* 3 257
H. K. WILSON, M.D.
X*
, of Ottawa ;
Brace Wire
Nails
Steeples
Eye, Ear, Nose Throat Specialist
MEDICAL ART» BUILDINU 180 METCALFE STREET
home ; Earl, of Sudbury and Bristol, and Basil and Clifford, both of Ottawa, and eleven grandchildren.	. .,	_ , .
The funeral was held on Friday
afternoon and was attended by a
large number of relatives and friends of the district, Service conducted at the late home
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
ian
s
ONT.
OTTAWA.

PHOME, 2-7961

BEATTIE’S EYE SERVICE
462 Bronson Ave., Cor. Gladstone, OTTAWA, ONTARIO
j	SCIENTIFIC ETE EXAMINATIONS
! s,,olâll.t.e*.ll Visual and Muwular Ey.Dui.ct.
j T. T. Beattie, Kathleen M. Rollins,
K»g. Optometrist	*H- Optd*'etrl»t
REPRESENTING COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations

Ai*'
W. A. Hodgins, Lt’d
WM -
by Rev. C, Armstrong Sale», pastor of St Andrew’s Church.
Interment was made at Norway Bay cemetery. The pall bearers were, Messrs. Jas. Campbell, Jas. Davis, Samuel McNeill, Clarence Irwin, Harold Smith and Melvin Stewart.
A large number ot beautiful floral tributes were received.
Quebec
Shawville
SHAWVILLE - QUE.

WËÊÊm



^,.

###PAGE###2###
With Hitler In Denmark, Greenland Presents New Problem for North America
X
OVERSEAS
VOICE
OP THE
PRESS
NEWS

••• \
PARADE
MS

,l\ ; «
\ '
i


- i
y
i
The battle for control of the North Sea and of Europe entered its second week with the fate of Scandinavia still hanging in the balance. The important port and railhead of Narvik was in British hands, and Allied forces were landing at a number of coastal points in northern Norway, but Denmark was gone; southern Norway was fast falling under the ewastika, with the invading Ger->oans using the same blitzkrieg tactics so devastating to Poland —Berlin insisted that the portion •f Norway necessary to assure the success of the German mission was firmly in Nazi hands. Sweden's dilemma meanwhile had achieved the nightmare stage—at the least, the country could expect to be encircled; at the worst, it faced becoming a main battleground in the new and fiercer European conflict.

\ \
k
i
!
SE


»
i
RADIO, PHONE NUISANCES
Why be so particular In shoo-lng peddlars from your door when you let them In on the telephone and radio? — Brandon Sun.
*
BRITISH CONSOLS EXPORT • LEGION
!


i

/
V U*
t

$122 SENDS 300
CIOAMTTIS f
1 ,k ^MACDONALD'S fM CUIS I
Cenedlmi

1 \l\
;
I

I
vV


EXPENSIVE ENDORSEMENT
The election cost Canada $3,000,000. That is a lot of money to pay for getting back what we had before. — Kitchener Record.


ar any
(with pmpwt) »• ««V Seldler *m Oreel Britain ar Fr«n«
Mall Order end Remittance tai— OVERSEA* DEPARTMENT
W. C. MACDONALD INC ,
Nm im Mee# d’Arwies,
Meelreel. Canada
TUi aflat teb)eet to mj »**•*• I» Urn"* *****
WBw
$gi
ONTARIO HOTELS
A survey shows that only 28 out of 1,185 hotels in Ontario are fireproof. Not a very comforting idea for the travelling public. — Kingston Whig-Standard.
V*







»


-%

t
i

t

7ke Sotfj uiïll thajJt ifou

h

i
i
** ^
1

PAMPER YOUR LAWN
This Is the time of year when delivery boys and others on bicycles should keep off lawns. A little carelessness causes a great deal of damage to the wet soli and tender grass blades. — St. Thomas Tlmes-Journal.
!• •
|
\
:


Guard Secrets,
Farmers Urged


v


The Navy la Action The one ray of hope that the tide might be turned against Hitler in Scandinavia was the aggressive new policy of the British War Cabinet. Here was action at last, meeting action. The brilliance of the Royal Navy in the battle of the Skagerrak, when one-third of the German fleet was reported sank; the capture of Narvik; the laying of British mines in the Baltic which could mean the cutting-off of Germany’s supply lines to the army in Norway gave ample reason for belief that Hitler’s latest venture might yet end in frustration.

Quit telling everybody all ye ar business secrets”, farmers were advised by R. A. Stewart, president of the Barrie Tanning Company. He was speaking at the luncheon of the Ontario Chamber of Agriculture.
"If there is overproduction of some farm commodity, everybody has access to the statistics shewing that,” he said. MTho millers and other interests can thus take advantage of the over-production, to the disadvantage of the far»», or. Business doesn't tell everybody what it is doing. Farmer* shouldn’t, either.”
possessions. Wheth-decided at the con-
Neutral countries which throw their lot in with Germany will forfeit their overseas •r the forfeiture will be permanent or only for the duration of the war will have to be elusion of the conflict. The British have already occupied the Faroe Islands, Danish possession north of Scotland and Iceland has announced its secession from Danish rule. Green laiKl^jjJiother Danish possession, will probably be administered under the direction of the Canadian government, Fishing boats are seen here in the harbor of Seoresbysund, Greenland. This immense Arctic province is wealthy with untouched natural resources.
CHEAP BUILDING
Of all the building trades In C m-ada, character-building seems to be the lowest paid. According to figures presented to the Otnario Secondary Schools convention, 13,000 of the 64,000 teachers in the country’s public school systems received less than $10 a week In 1938, with but slight Improvement since. — Ottawa Citizen.
one to keep the hoe going all Summer-far from it. But they do request that the garden be dug once thoroughly first thing in the Spring, then cultivated once or twice afterwards. With proper tools, the work need be no more than healthy exercise. For the purpose there is nothing better than a little three or five fingered cultivator or a Dutch hoe. Either of these implements will make short work of a vegetable or flower garden. Cultivation serves a double purpose, it keeps down weeds and it conserves moisture.
The mines, discovered first last winter at Steep Rock Lake in Northern Ontario, were estimated to contain about 100,000,000 tons of the best ore, containing very little phosphorous and sulphur.
OF THE BEST ORE
Some time ago hematite was found on the south shore of the lake, but the deposit was detached. Then last winter, under the leadership of Dr. A. A. Brant, the scientific party used special instruments which enable the investigator to determine the magnetic properties of rocks, their electrical resistance and their pull of gravity. Operations are carried on during the winter because the ice on the lake makes a steady base for the instruments.
The exact geological structure of the bottom of the lake, to a depth of about 2,000 feet was determined. Dr. Brant indicated where test drills should be made through the ice and hematite was drawn to the surface.
SCOUTING
¦
Boy Scouts of Sudbury, Ont, recently aided in counting traffic on arterial highways leading into the city, in connection with a
town planning survey.
• • •
The Boy Scout junior firemen of Kentville N. S., had their “baptismal fire” when they helped the senior firemen battle a winter blaze that partially destroyed the
Kentville United Church.
+ # $
The Junagadh Boy Scouts Association of India is carrying on a competition to inspire the Scouts of the state to concentrate upon village uplift activities. The competition includes practical work by the different village troops in education, in demonstrating healthy village activities and attacking in a practical way the
problems of village sanitation.
# $ #
Numerous public service activities of the Boy Scouts of India are similar to those of the Scouts of Canada. At the great annual festival at the Mahankali Temple the Secunderabad Scouts gave particular attention to first aid and the finding of lost children. Altogether 16 lost children cases were dealt with and many minor injuries were treated by the Scout Ambulance Division.'
9 0S
The seven boys of a Lone Scout Patrol at Steinbach, Manitoba, are operating a free library for the people of that little country community. The library is located in the home of two of the Scouts who are brothers.
Incan Empire Totalitarian
A Spreading Conflict
The extension of the area of combat to Scandinavia did not necessarily mean that the war would henceforth be confined to the north. On the other hand, last week the conflict gave new evidence of spreading east, west, and south, to bring more neutral nations within its scope . . . The warning speech of a high Italian authority, coupled with Italian naval manoeuvres off the Dodecanese islands in the Mediterranean, presaged that Italy might soon be in the war movements were reported in the vicinity of Salonika, considered a likely spot from which Britain and France might jump off into any Balkan war . . . Th peared to be off in the Balkans, too, with Germany making further economic demands on Rumania, Yugoslavia and Hungary, and seeking to police the Danube region from the Black Sea to the German border . . . Rumors of a Nazi plot to kidnap Queen Wil-helmina and Crown Princess Juliana of Holland linked up with growing fears that the Low Countries were shortly to be invaded by the German armies . . . but in Berlin (wired New York Times’ correspondent Brooks Peters) the belief persisted that the final decision in this war must come on the Western Front, and that steps designed to force it might come very shortly . . .
In Canada the home front was quiet. Prime Minister Mackenzie King was off on a brief holiday in the States, incidentally calling en President Roosevelt ... Ottawa was preparing for the opening of the House May 16, expecting a session which would deal chiefly with the war, secondarily with unemployment insurance . . Spring was coming to Ontario and farmers were getting ready once more to go out on the land. . .
S
To see a totalitarian state from start to finish turn back all the way to prehistory and take a look at America, declares Science Service.
Incan Indians, a comparatively small group, conquered tribe after tribe of Indians over a huge area of South America and set up a rigid system to control life down to such matters as what people might wear, where they might live, whom they might marry, and what they might do for a living. It sounds very modern.
;

Vs'*,
%
2
V *
i vfi
* Here is the
! ^Sweetener
I feUs.
Lakes Expect Busy Season
v
Cargo Ships on Great Lakes Are Moving Out of Their Respective Docks
. Allied fleet
# #
Hundreds of Great Lakes cargo vessels, trim and ready for one of the busiest seasons in their history, are once more riding at their moorings in a score of lake and river ports, free of the ice which has locked them in position during the winter.
Following official opening date for navigation April 15th, they are moving out of their respective docks to take on their heavy loads of wheat and ore, automobiles, coal, package freight, lumber and the various products of factories turning out war materials.
OLD VESSELS MADE TRIM
Every possible step has been taken to insure the maximum number of ships being available and owners have spent large sums and a good part of the winter months reconditioning vessels that have not moved for years.
SPIES UPON SPIES
ïnças moved subject peoples all about, placing new and foreign groups among those of trained loyalty. An official watched every ten households. Higher officials watched them in turn. All true to totalitarian form.
Speaking of this prehistoric Incan Empire — not modern Germany or Russia — Dr. Edwin M. Loeb of the University of California, once said that even an Individual's “expression of Joy or sorrow, nay, his very utterances and thoughs, were deemed matters of importance to the public weal.”
e lid ap-
7
Gardening
• I
• ¦ ¦ •
, i j
I
for
Feed The Lawn
No garden is complete without a lawn and the richer, greener and softer that lawn is, the better
the whole picture. *
The average person forgets that grass is an ordinary garden plant requiring food and care just as much as flowers or vegetables. Seed selection is also just as important. Good lawns are produced from top quality, packaged lawn grass mixtures, which contain proper proportions of the finer permanent grasses. Seed should be sown liberally and the ground fertilised. Rolling in the Spring and watering regularly are also advisable.
Sometimes tree roots work up towards the surface simply because there is water there and beneath. Heavy watering of

r
*
Easy
A
¦Digestibility
Bee Hive Synp
FSI?

LIFE’S LIKE THAT
By Fred Neiier
^^¦sssssr-. .
-Mpy:.^^sp<Apy J
//
/V/
Exams Aren’t Sole Standard

5z
&
TJ

Movies Teach
RAF. Skyhawks


A

a
m:
%
none
lawns once a week rather than light daily sprinkles will prevent this danger and will also be best for the lawn itself.
This treatment will keep grass a rich, dark green and growing fast enough to crowd out the weeds. Patches of the latter in old lawns are usually a sure sign that soil is wearing out and needs fertilizing. In hot weather grass should not be cut as short as often as in the Spring and Fall.
Speedy Vegetables Are Tender
Tender vegetables are quickly grown. A check by dry weather or anything else invariably woodiness. To eliminate such dan-experienced market garden-push their plants along with frequent applications of commercial fertilizer. This must be applied carefully so as to be close to but not actually touching stems
The Test of A School is the Type of Citizens It Produces, Ottawa Educationist Believes
a
%
••




eg
22

Jv
Z
7
They Learn Their Mistakes From Films Shot During Actual Aerial Dog Fights
%
Dr. Florence S. Dunlop, supervisor of auxiliary classes and psychologist of public schools, Ottawa, captivated the large gathering of men and women who attended the 21st banquet of the Ontario Federation Home and School Association. Dr. Dunlop spoke on the "Handicapped Child.”
"Do what you can to break down the false social notion that only children who pass examinations and go on to university are the worthwhile citizens; also to encourage a standard which will appraise a school, not by the scholarships attained, but by the worthwhile citizens it produces,” she urged.
The combined help of good parents and teachers and access to plenty of the right kind of reading material are necessary education factors, stated Mrs. E. E. Reece at a symposium attended by Ontario Home and School Federation delegates.
u

r

%
"S
>
3
i

British fliers are learning fighting tactics from action films taken during dog fights In the air against enemy aircraft.
One such film, taken from the attacking British machine, shows the Interception and shooting down of a German raider.
The device consists of a motion-picture camera lined up with the fighter pilot’s eight guns. It operates automatically when the trigger button sets the eight guns In action. When the pilot takes his finger off the trigger, the guns cease firing — and the camera stops taking pictures. It operates with every burst of fire.
The show only lasts about a minute. But it shows the pilot errors be would otherwise never realize and sometimes reveals mistakes which enabled an enemy to get away.
(I
s
NTARIO
OTDOORS

I
O
!i i
V
*
\7oô
V- 6/7//
ï9 /Min

V0^
gycp^a;-:
t
c#
BV VIC BAKER
v
!

Speckled Trout
Season Extended
causes
mags
* « /9mr.

TV
rer,


era
H
Opening of the Ontario speckled trout season has been advanced from May 1 to April 27, Hon. Harry Nixon, provincial minister of game and fisheries, announc-
“May 1 is on a Wednesday and by advancing the season to the preceding . Saturday, we will be able to give anglers a little break over the week-end,” he said. “We expect it to be an exceptionally good season. There was a tremendous distribution of goodsized trout during the late fall.”
1


or roots.

Cultivation Is Vital
Aside from the planning and planting no early gardening job npares in importance with cul-Authorities do not ask
es.

im. >7 tnù lUfetrj
e-^4 srtfèô
Now Don t Pawn Off All the Big Eaters on Me Ju*t lo Kerp hosa
Your Overhead !”
Zr //>_"/£

on
By GENE BYRNES
REG’LAR FELLERS-A Gift

¦ <
—jut
Bill
THAT TEN CENTS IS FOR A QUART OF MILK HE SWIPED . OUTA THE ICE-BOX / THE CATS THROWN < IN FOR NUTMINV^
WHY DONTCHA MAKE' UP YOUR MIND
WHATCHA COMMA DO ? SELL THAT CAT OR ÇIVE IT AWAY/
%
MAT 3iqN.CAN?CHA T wellTtake IT
OR LEAVE IT /
I
X
v
%

Ontario Iron Being Assayed
%
y

>4*. !


g£
i

/ -
Members of Physics Department U. of T. Are Up At Steep Rock Like Investigating Rich Deposits
VNv$UtC V
KIEV** or fb* SAIL '
FHEC
OKEY 104
;
ms
)
/
m
»
f m


Iron ore deposits which are oe-Jieved to be among the richest in
the world are being investigated by members of the Physics Department of the University of To-

!
s
*&&•* jl
z
1/ v

###PAGE###3###
7

T
. Well, mow, let's
“I hoped mot see” — George's eyes remlnated te-nocently upon the celling — “It couldn't be—”
“If you're through playing 20 questions,” Mark Rogers snapped, “here's Miss Wilcox with your lunch. I’ll come back when you’ve
• •
Blended For Quality
I
A
A
G

r
L
B
raP e.-iv

w


ut$
K
L
/>.


#. L
S
'll

£

à

eaten it.”

MAJOR OPERATION
Constance followed Mark Rogers out of the room.
“Well, she said with a mocking little smile, “it had to be a major operation, after all, didn't it ?"
“I'm sorry,” Mark Rogers said. “Rut when Mother gets under way she —• well, you saw for yourself."
“Of course,” Constance told him. “It didn't matter at all, really — except to Derek.”
“Oh — him! The half-baked Narcissus!” Mark Rogers almost hark-

##•
#


Br SADIE B. CHAMBERS

SPRING TRIFLES
!v*>;|ew
- .
In the early spring days when the appetite seems to be lagging and the homemaker extra busy, there is perhaps a greater demand than ever for attractive desserts. Pineapples are now appearing and they always put up a rigid challenge for an all-season favorite. They have an incomparable flavor and an .aromatic helps them wend their way into the highways and byways of nearly all type of menus, especially when something that is different' is sought. Just one thing about pineapple:	remember that fresh
pineapple cannot be mixed successfully with gelatine unless it has been previously cooked. One of the acids of pineapple, uncooked, destroys proteins,—hence the result. However, do no allow this to discourage you. for fresh pineapple cooked does have a fresher taste, different from the fruit we have stored.
NOW AT THE LOWEST
PRICE IN HISTORY !
LOVE LAUGHS AT THE DOCTOR
ed.
“air,” which
“You mustn’t blame Derek too much,” Constance said swiftly. “It wasn't his fault if I built him up into something lie never was, and probably never could be."
She was, she realized desperately, saying all the wrong things. It wasn’t Derek she wanted to talk about. It wasn’t Derek at all any more. . . .
He said abruptly, “ very fair. It’s an unusu a very lovely trait."
“It's easy to be fair when — well, when things don't hurt any more,” Constance said, and added on a quick breath, “Do you know, that’s almost the first nice thing you ever said to me?”
“Do you know,” he said, with a short laugh, ‘ that you’re not a particularly easy person to say things — nice or otherwise?”
Although he did not move or look at her, It seemed to her that he came nearer as lie went on. his eyes on his doubled fist, “I’ve often Just wondered If it made any difference to you what I said.”
Hilda was right, Constance was thinking. He is shy. Suddenly he looked up, and his eyes were deep iu hers. He began again. “I’ve even wondered sometimes — ” Behind him the door opened abruptly.
(To Be Continued)
BY ELINORS COWAN STONE	Copyright, 191», NE A Scrv*#, Inc.
ottn» QUAVt-mrrs from yovp orocsr rom
CAST OF CHARACTERS CONSTANCE MAIDWELL—oer olne; the etand-in.
DEREK M ANTHON—an artist who loved money first.
HILDEGARDE T H O R V ALD-Dcrek painted her portrait.
DR. ROGERS—he met his most difficult case
Jealousy . . . and murder . . . on a lonely ranch. A traveller unexpectedly returns to find his home going to rack and ruin . . . and sinister influences at work.
Raps Horrible Eating Habits
Handy Hints

Annoying, isn't it, when the bristles of your pet hair brush go all soft and “goosey” on you! Here Is a way of stiffening them up again. Make a strong solution of alum and dip the bristles into it until they are thoroughly soaked and then dry them as quickly as possible. They'll be quite firm and stiff again.
Bookcases built in the corner of a small apartment are convenient and require a small amount of space. If they are topped with wide panels of mirrors, the effect is decorative as well as pleasantly cool, and an impression of added size is given to the room.
To remove burned food from tin j cooking utensils, fill the pan with ! cold water, add soda generously, bring to a boil and continue boiling until the food is softened. Never use a metal scraper or coarse abrasive on the utensils. Harsh cour-ing injures the outer tin scouting
leaving the basic steel exposed.
—— ¦ ¦ *- ——
A soggy, sticky dressing is no compliment to a tender fowl. When making bread stuffing, use stale bread preferably, or dry fresh bread lu the oven before mixing, or toast fresh slices.
u're being and a —
sc
“A Restaurant Is Just A Filling Station to Average American,” Says Chef
Read

“HILLS of DESTINY”

Last week: At the end of her assignment, Connie is surprised one day when Or. Rogers* mother arrives and cads her “Mrs. Manthon.** She assumes Connie is on her honeymoon!
The exclusive Chefs de Cuisine Association of Pennsylvania urge# an educational drive to do something about America’s eating habits.”
“To the average American." says William Springing, president of the newly organized group, “a restaurant is just a filling station. He just wants to drive in and get filled up as fast as possible, there is so much stomach trouble in this country."
EDUCATE TO EATING
Springing, who also is chef at the Germantown Cricket Club, believes program to educate Americans in demanding the finest foods is a patriotic duty.
“A nation of sick people can never be strong.” he contends.
Action - Romance - Suspense
COMING SOON!
Pineapple Souffle
% cup butter ‘
% cup cornstarch 1 cup milk z Pinch nutmeg 1 cup shredded pineapple 3 eggs % cup sugar % teaspoon vanilla Melt butter, add' cornstarch, blend thoroughly. Add milk gradually, stirring constantly. Boil, add pineapple, beat eggs slightly, mix with sugar and add.
Cook until thickened but do not allow mixture to boil. Cool slightly, add flavorings and fold in egg whites beaten until stiff. Bake in a moderate oven. Serve hot with whipped cream Time in oven 45 minutes. Oven moderate. Serves
* #
“horrible”
o
that one or two of the girls In the store had an Idea that your young man here had jilted you to come out here, and were wasting a lot of syn,. pathy on you.”
Well, it’s out now, Constance was thinking. That's all it needed.
Into the silence that followed, Derek began iu a thin, stifled voice, “Of course it's easy to see how this story started. There was — in fact — we — "
Out of sheer pity, Constance broke iu, her voice clear, cool, and just enough amused, “It’s too had to spoil such a pretty romance, Mrs. Rogers; but Mr. Mantlion and I are not married. It is true that we did announce our engagement — there was even something about it in a few of the papers, I believe; but we found
the whole thing was — well, rather a mistake."
She smiled a little pityingly at the gratitude she read in Derek’s hunted eyes.
CHAPTER XXIII
-1
“And of course this is the artist husband!" Mrs. Rogers went on.
Happily unconscious that at her first words all other sound and motion had stopped about her as abruptly as the action of a motion picture when the projection machine-goes wrong, Mrs. Rogers bore cordially down upon Derek.
Seeing Derek’s stricken gray face, Constance felt suddenly sorry for him.
“Of course I asked for you, my dear, when I went hack to Bartlett’s the other day,’’ Mrs. Rogers was rushing blithely on. “I had to go ou back to exchange one of those dresses I bought for my niece . . . The pink on# — too tight. She’s not so slim as you are, my dear. Such • pity, wasn’t it?"
The question was obviously rbfr torlcal, for Mrs. Rogers weut on in the same breath. “As I say, I asked for you at once. One of the models - that lovely blond one — they ca’!
. well.
to
V
No wonder
a
»
Arbor Day Proverbs
Study Vocal Cords With X-Rays Now
c.
Pineapple Parfait
i medium sized pineapple Fruit sugar Vanilla Ice Cream Whipped Cream Maraschino cherries.
Several hours before serving, prepare pineapple, cutting in cubes or shredding (running through the food chopper is a favori e way) Mix one cup of fruit sugar for every cup of pineapple. Place this in refrigerator or cool place until ready to serve. Serving time, drain juice from pineapple and place alternate layers of ice cream and syrup in parfait glasses. Cover with the pineapple, top with whipped cream and maraschino cherry.
» Pineapple Cream Whip l J2 tablespoons gelatine *4 cup water % cup boiling water 1 pint cream ( whipped )
% cup sugar
1 cup cooked grated pineapple 12 marshmallows 1,4 cup chopped blanched almonds
Soak gelatine in cold water. Add boiling water and stir until dissolved. Stir occasionally, while tooling, until it thickens slightly. When the mixture is the consistency of strained honey, fold in stiffly-beaten cream sweetened with sugar, the pineapple and the marshmallows cut fine. Lastly add chopped almonds. Chill until firm.
Tapioca Maple Cream
One- bird c u p quick-cooking tapioca
*4 teaspoon salt 4 cup milk scalded Vt cup sugar
1 or 2 egg yolks slightly beaten
1	teaspoon flavoring
2	egg whites stiffly beaten Add tapioca and salt to milk
and cook 15 minutes in double boiler or until the tapioca is clear. Stir frequently. Add sugar and pour small amount of mixture over egg yolk, stirring vigorously. Return to double boiler over heat, and stir and took until thickened. Remove from heat and add flavoring. Fold a small amount into egg white. Add to the remaining tapioca mixture and fold in. Chill.
Serve with whipped cream to which has been added some maple syrup. To *4 pt. whipped cream, aid 2 tablespoons maple syrup. Sprinkle with chopued pecans.
As the tree so the fruit.
Great trees are uprooted in an hour.
A twig in time becomes a tree. —Latin.
Great trees often give more shade than fruit.
As the twig is bent the tree is inclined.
Good fruit never comes from a bad tree.—Portuguese.
A tree often transplanted never grows nor thrives.
A walnut tree is as good to a poor man as a milch cow.—Italian.
All superfluous branches we lop away that bearing boughs may I'vc*.	" -	*
oh, some time ago — that
Musicians have enlisted the scientific instruments of the X-and the stroboscopic-light camera a professor of music said last week, in new studies of man's complex “vocal cords.”
Harry Seitz, of the Detroit, Mich., school system, told the conference of Music Educationists cf America that motion pictures taken under stroboscopic light, providing 4,000 exposures to the sec-voice membrane in the throat functions.
ray
When baking a rich, dark fruit cake in a metal pan. line the pan with heavy greased brown paper; for a white fruit cake line with greased waxed paper.

NO MISUNDERSTANDING ,
Mark Rogers had strolled to a window, and was standing now, and looking out, his hands in his pockets, whistling inaudtbly.
Derek began again. “Constance,
1 think I ought to — we don't want any misunderstanding about this, of course. I —"
“Really, aren’t we making a mountain out of a mole It 111 ? ’ Hilda Thorvald asked lazily with one of her faint, inscrutable smiles. “After «all. this isn't anyone's* affair but yours and.Connie’s, is it, Derek?”
She smiled companionably at Constance, strolled over to the piano, and sat down, and began to play with complete absorption.
Constance stood for a moment | exactly where she had stood since j Mrs. Rogers bad begun her epochmaking narrative; then she turned and swiftly left the room. As she went, she heard Mrs. Rogers insisting in a voice of amused bewilderment, "And they actually told me at the store that she had bought , the last things for her trousseau only the day before she went away. Mr. Munthon.”
When Constance' went up to the room of George* Thorvald a few minutes later, there.
English.
her ’Gertrude,’ don’t they? an) how, she had had a card from y oil that very day postmarked from California, and they were all wondering If you really had come on to be married after all these weeks of
• •
A “home service” is being organised by an English city's four public libraries. Volunteer messengers will take out books to borrowers too old or infirm to come to the library.
waiting .”
Constance», watching Derek’s face and hoping the others had not seen 1t, began, ’ I think there's — ”
Hut it wa* useless. Mrs. Rogers heard only her own voice.
“Of course they’d all been tram-
rom
PEG-TOP POCKETS
Add Smartness At Home
Mr. Caffeine-Nerves Jumps Off
Â àiü!
r
enodusly Interested In your ance from the time you bought your trousseau there. ’ she. was rushing on. "To think you were goiug to be married the very day Mr. Manthon left to come here and — how could you bear to tear yourself away from her, Mr. Mauthon?”


#4 /

z
I
m
t



«K

y.y
/ V


I
V

m
V A
to
t
/
Æ

r.


m
•et *:¦
V À fi

1
" Mark Rogers b^au;

“Mother -but there was uo stemming that

/;
i
V(
(t



, #


i
&
tide of words.
“And I’m surprised at your not insisting on his bringing her right along with him in the first place. Hilda, with all the rooms In this big house that are simply going to waste ... 1 do not understand. Mark Rogers'' —- the old lady then turned accusingly upon her son — •«why you haven't written me a line of this. If It had been a nice messy typhoid epidemic, now. I'd have had to road all about It.'
3 tV


i
4 « 1$
«


•x t.
G” H
-• A

w*
MIL CAFFEINE-NERVES:
I A job like this » would make j anybody jittery! |
i
/

f
i
i


BILL Why docs the Boss always give me the tough jobs? He knows my nerves are bad!
! MR. CAFFEINE-NERVES: !§
i And don’t let j ! him give you the j | old “high-liv- l I ing” hooey!
^—\ rzk\r


i
l
V
V t Aï
Æ\v* J
»_______
»


J*
I>r. Rogers was


ii
V
9
)

A SPOILED BRAT “Glial's this about your going away, Connie ?" George demanded “Good I xml, Doc! I thought you were one of these strong silent men who know how to handle women ... You brought her here, didn't you? All right, tell her 1 still need her. and put a stop to this nonsense ' “You spoiled brat." Mark Rogers said shortly, “you don't need her any more than 1 do.” and realizing too late how unwary he had been, turned an unprofessional crimson when the hoy went on. his black eyes snapping delightedly in their deep hollows.
“All right, then. For God's suku, tell her how much you need her. Maybe that will hold her if nothing else will ... Oh, very well" — it was only too evident that George Thorvald was enjoying himself ini
“if you, as my physician
t

%
*
g:
aim i if \ 11
» r-
T V;
K
DAMAGE IS DONE Constance started to say, really. Mrs. Rogers, this is all an
absurd mistake.”
But a glance at Derek's face told her that the damage was already done. No one who had seen It could have failed to realize that there was to this than an absurd mis
x
ill

“Rut
/
v/
h
*

\
-¦<
x
r*

14 F }
M
z

ft

I

i'1
L4.1

lS
Uilto
\
5*
BOB: I found'out that too much caffeine made me feel just -like you do ! Why don’t you cut out tea and coffee for awhile and try Postum?
more
take ... And they had all seen Dei

V/

I
i
ek s face.
“The joke about the whole thing
the merry little
%
a
Mrs. Manthon” twinkle in Mrs. Rogers' eyes assumed that Constance would enjoy the
joke os truth »*= fIk* did

I *
I L

»
-j- i
j
*
SIW8»
3153
»j
i

t
*
x

Sizes 14-4-4


\
rf rm
a	- /jL.XSti


By LOUISE LENNOX
Smart style goes into the kitchen and accompanies you at your daily tasks. Peg-top pockets are handy as well as extremely chic additions to this yoke-top house frock. When your family comes to the breakfast table they will ; love to see you in this crisp, flow- j ered cotton, with gay ric-rac trim, j Either the quaint square neckline i or the neat, tailored collar make* a dress that you will enjoy wear- | ing for many months to come.
Style No. 3153 is designed for 1 sizes 14, 16, 36. 38. 40. 42, 44 | ami 4ti. Size Mti requires 3% yards : of 80 inch material with 1 ‘j yards . of braid for short sleeved dress.
Send Fifteen Cents (Inch j (coin is preferred) for Pattern to l.oufcr l.ennox, Room
Adelaide St., Toronto. Wri •• pin nly your name, add re-s anc number. R# sure t siie > ju wish.


I
;



/

me-nsely ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ don’t know how to see to it that I get the kind of cave and nursing my ehle state requires, I’ll have to see hat ran h> done about It for my


READERS WRITE IN*. Mis.


welcome»
Chambers personal letters from interested readers She is pleated to receive suggestions on topics for her column, and •» ready to listen to vo f ‘pet peeves.” Requests for recipes or special menue are in order. Address your letters to “Mise Sadie B Chambers, 73 West Adelaide Street. Toronto.”
/ •


-/ i---N

m
«
I MR. CAFFEINE NERVES: \
! I'm out! It's no ! ¦ place for me when they switch to] Postum.

I
\
Bill: Hi Bob ! That tip about Postum sure did the trick! No more caffeine-nerves for me!
Interrvpt me if I am ai
XE
self .
«11 wrong, but this seems to he (lie only way out of It :
“Connie, darling, will you marry and makfs me laugh for the
t

•s
QtljL
I
• Many people ton safely drink tea and toffee. Many others — and ail children — should never think them. If >ou are one of these, try Postum s 30-day test. Buy Postum and drink it instead of tea and coffee for one mouth. Then, if you do not feci belter, return the container top to General Foods, limited. Cobvutg.Ontarfc), and we'U gladly refund full purchase price, plus postage. Postum is delicious, economical, easy to prepare, and contains no caffeine.
1
I
I
I
me
i

rent of my life? '
“No, Georg» •, Ua&r,"
Constance
' Ami wiiy not?” George effectetl
answ ered
Slow Burning
CIGARETTE PAPERS
NONE FINER MADE
•I will not."
«

luTrt surprise.
"Because, «leur George. I love another,’* Constance said demurely.
‘That Not"
Cooking by Distance
v

V
On the American air routes passengers have a strange way of measuring meal times. On the Pacific Clipper* it take* ah: ut 60 * miles to eai an egg. ami lunch, with coffee to follow-, lake» jus over

"Mm!" George frowned
AUTOMATIC
BOOKLET
DOUBLE
loes complicate the matter hi* eyes lighted with wlekul cun-• not that fair haired hoy in
M
421. 73

W
niiig : lie Studio

vs

1 hope.
“No." she Haiti shortly
hope not
ISSUE NO. 17—40
4 %

1 siiouht
sf it

s: v
100 mil
«
###PAGE###4###
V •
I
E
Red Cross Contributions
Out of monies subscribed by Canadians nf Quebec and the other provinces in the national campaign last autumn, the Canadian Red Cross Society has appropriated 1100,000 for the British Red Cross, and another $100,000 of which 60 per cent, will go to the Navy League of Great Rritian and 40 per cent to other societies providing comforts to men of the mercantile marine.
Appropriation 'of the sum for the British Red Cross fulfils a pledge made during the national drive. Then, it was announced that the Canadian Red Cross would aid in financing the sister service in Great Britain. This was deemed preferable to holding separate appeals in behalf of the British Red Cross such as those organized in the last war, when Canadians subscribed, in all, $6,250,000 to the Red Cross in Britain.
The appropriation for men at sea resulted from a combination of appeals. The Navy League in London made an Empire-wide plea for help in providing of the fleet, and of trawler and. other naval auxiliaries, with warm clothing to supplement apparel official ly issued. Unable to supply articles because wool was not available on this side, the national executive decided t > substitute financial assistance. At the same time, urgent needs of Britain's men of the vast mercantile fleet be came known, and Red Cross in Canada resolved to do its bit.
Result was appropriation of $100,000, to be placed at the disposal of the Overseas Advisory Committee of the Canadian Red Cross in London at the rate of $10,000 a month, and to be distributed 60 per cent, to the Navy League and 40 per cent, to societies servicing men aboard mercantile vessels. With those funds, the Overseas Committee is able to purchase raw materials, to be made up by volunteers in Great Britain working with the organizations helping the men at sea to sustain all weathers. This action of Red Cross obviated organization in Canada of separate appeals in behalf of British seamen.
0
X
0!
THE EQUITY
0
la
X

Hodgins Garage
SHAWVILLE, MAY 2, 1940
B

ï
SEED
and
SEEDS
Consider Forming Quebec Civil Service Commission

s
E
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
\
Chevrolet,
Sales

I
Establishment of a Civil Service Commission is being studied by the Quebec Government, Premier God bout said on April 25th during a meeting with a delegation from .the Junior Board of Trade of Montreal and Quebec districts.
The Premier made the statement after delegates read resolutions . urging the establishment of a commission, the carring of lights on horse-drawn vehicles and a resolution relative to the autoinsurance law also was read.
Mr. God bout told the delegation, headed by Antoine Desmarais of Montreal, that he was in favor of making obligatory the carrying of lights on horse-drawn vehicles, but that he believed public openion must first be prepared for such a move.

S
Ï
x
X
X

;
X
Q

a
<
S

;
A Choice Lot to Choose From
Change your old model and get a better one
We now have Timothy, Red Clover, Alfalfa, Sweet Clover, Alsike, Flax, Red Top, etc in Stock.
Car of No. 1 O.A.C. 21 Seed Barley to be given out on contract.
K
•}

I
men
1934—V 8 Ford Coupe with Rumble Seat 1934—V 8 Ford Coach 1937—Chevrolet Coach with Trunk 1937—Chevrolet Coach no Trunk
1937—	Pontiac Do Luxe Sedan
1938—	Chevrolet with Trunk, four of them
1938—Chevrolet Sedan, two of them 1934—Chevrolet 14 ton truck with stake body 1936—Maple Leaf	ton truck with stake body
May Let Quebec' Children See Censored Films
U
I
We will also have Wheat, Pea», Banner Oats, | Alaska Oats, Victory Oats, Buck Wheat, | and other seed grains as soon as the |j roads are open for trucking.

The Quebec government plans to alter the- law which restricts children under 16 years of age from motion picture theaters of the province, Premier Adelard God bout announced last week. Children under 16 have been banned from theaters for more than ten years.
Mr. God bout said the government intends to create a special censor bureau which * would review certain pictures which might be shown to children. The bureau probably will have at its head the president of the present censor bureau in Montreal and he possibly will be assisted by a representative of the Roman Catholic and Protestant clergy.
“The theater”, the Premier said, “is a powerful instrument of education for youth on the condition it is well supervised.”
5
>
i

Why not come in today and arrange for your seed requirements ?
.
0
1
| Some seeds are going to be scarce, we ? advise that you order yours without delay.
fl
fl

à
J. L. HODGINS
x

Kl
B
g
?
Phone 64 J.
I THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REÇU

E
Là
Mask Wearing Custom Each family of Tami in the Huon gulf, New Guinea, has the right to use one or more masks of a type known as tago. Each tago has a special name and is distinguished by certain definite characteristics. The masks represent spirits supposed to visit the village at the time the masked figures appear. The man wearing the mask is completely covered by a sago leaf dress and under no circumstances may he be seen or recognized by any woman, child or uninitiated person. Should this happen by accident the observer is killed Examples of tago are on exhibition in Joseph N. Field hall at the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago.
[ have been reported to hive been travel 1; ing without railway ticket a and refusing | to pay the fate or have been unable to The Deputment of N itional Defence ' do so. The military authorities point has issued a circular letter to all units , out that if this sort of thing continues, in Canada, containing a sharp warning it might lead to the discontinuance of
railway concessions.
Commanding officers arc ordered to warn all rinks regarding behavior when
The soldiers
went out to nil must he w irned that they must wear for distribution either service diess or battle dress when
• on leave »• nd the only exception made It was learned tli it the department, ' in r-spert to the compulsory wearing of
uniform on a'l occasions i< when the
are at physical ex reise at their
Troops Warned About Behavior When on Leave
Suggests New Roads For Pontiac
E
An extensive road constructionVand improvement program to open up new fishing and hunting areas in the Gatin-e.iu and Pontiac districts is urged by the Fish and Game Protective Association for the counties of Gatineau, Hull, Papineau and Pontiac, in a memorandum which is being forwarded to Hon. T. D. Bouchard, Quebec Minister of Roads. The request is accompanied by petitions signed by the county councils, several municipal councils and prominent residents.
The various projects as outlined by J. C. McCuaig. honorary secretary-treasurer of the association, include the construction of a new road to connect the Upper Pontiac and Gatineau dis-riots, from Fort Coulonge to Gracefield, via Davidson’s Depot.
The association is also requesting the improvement of the road from the Gatineau and Pontiac boundry line at Masham to Campbell’s Bay, and the improvement of the road between Gracefield and Notre Dame du Lius.
oc
?
je:
lai
ZD
ILU L
to soldiers on leavc who fail t<» behave themselves “in the best traditions of the
it was reported on
It is under- in public or mi leave.
i
pointed Canadian High Commissions to Eire, the Irish Catholic representative in the Legislative Council, but when he retired to take over his duties as Canada’s envoy, he was replaced by Hon. Philippe Brais, K C, long a director of Liberal forces in Quebec and | a prominent Montreal lawyer.
“When Mr. Brais
the Upper Hrni^e a protest was voiced by local Irish societies, and Premier Adelard Godbout in a statement nude at Quebec assured the Irish Catholics they would be represented in the very near future.
“Among the members of the Legislative Assembly who h ive been mentioned ! for the post are E V. Lawn, M.L.A. for i Pontiac, and Hon. Frank Connors, M.L.A., for St. Ann. .
“Both Connors and Lawn were first ejected to the Legislative Assembly in I! the general elections of 1935 and both I successfully withstood the onslaught of I the Union Nationale party forces in the'I
general elections of 1936 in which only I 13 Liberals were returned to office. I
Because he is older thin his colleague 1 from St. Ann, many party leaders con -11 Isider Mr. Lawn would be more at h- me I
Canadian army," Wednesday, April 24th stood that the letter commanding officers last week.
Im
&
&

mmm


or commanding «tinera of units, have received complaints of s -Idters travelling met on trains win have caused trouble 1 y st liions, creating disturb«nc»s in the co occupied by other | assergers The letter also cm tains a soldiers going on h ave iti plain riot h^-s and it is pointed f ut that some s .1
appointed to
m
was
m
irhes The letter states. “Individuals creating a disturbance or acting in an ungentlewarning to manly m inner while travelling in trains
is mentioned above will be severely r.s punished”.- Ottawa t.'itizm.


Yesterday’s Strange Baths
In the days before guud soaps were manufactured many strange oreparations were used by beauty seekers in the hopes of improving the complexion. Baths filled with milk and the juices of strange herbs were not unusual.
According to legend, some fastidious Roman gentlemen used to anoint themselves with crushed strawberries while the yolks of ICO eggs went into the bath tub of an early English aesthete. Now. good soaps dc he job, and the beauty doctors rec->mmend soap-and-water cleanliness
m


*
'A
The
wF
FORD V-8
Authentic Data on Discovery of Asbestos


E C. Lawn Favored for Elevation to Quebec's Council
Known from ancient times as the “magic mineral, but possibly the least written about of all Canada's rich natural resources, asbestos now has an attractive and informative booklet all its own.* Just published by Canadian Johns Manville Company, operators of the largest asbestos mine in the world at ; Asbestos, I\Q, the new booklet, which is attractively designed and illustrated, is being widely distributed Canadian public.

„r.t only in P.mtme, Lut in llie Upper House, but the pnrty’
both p'an to introduce young Blood may h
Friends
thm ughmit the Ottawa Valley mi sides <-t ihe liui have had their hopes |a bearing on the selection, raised by discussion of the chances of E. U. Lawn, M L A for Pontiac, for elevation to Quebec’s Legislative Oun-


tvi
a
(•
The problem which the Liberal leaders are most concerned with is finding vacancy in the Upper House.
A job for life at $2,800 a year is a ... . «tv sunnmd up in an ait:<: e by V\ ilbur »fine thing”, as they would en y in politi-
With the LryisUtive Conncil’H con- cal circles, and *cme difficulty may be
p'einvnt of 23 members experienced in convincing one of 4he of the Quebec Liberal Councillors he should retired" party are in a quandary to created a • Added to vacancy to appoint the promised Irish Forms of tender with specifications Catholic icpivsen tat ive to .the Upper and conditions attached can be obtained House, from the Purchasing Agent, Department of Public Works, Ottawa ; the Clerk of Works, 150 St. Paul St West,
Montreal ; and the Clerk of Works,
Customs Building, Quebec, P.Q.
Tenders should be made on the forms I g	¦¦ I •	¦	I
supplied by the Department and in	g	TLa	U n Fl iY I H O	I I IITÏ û l>	H H
accordance with the departmental speci-	§ I f]R	lIQOcmu	LU III UBI	l|Ui
fications and conditions attached thereto. I §	* IIW	Q
years ago.	In the case of tenderers quoting for
Keeping pace with the actual mining one or more place/ or buildings and and processing operations, research when the total of their offer exceeds the workers have steadily pressed on to dis- sum of $5,000.00, they must attach to cover new and more amazing uses for their tender a certified cheque asbestos which is today utilized in the chartered bank in Canada, made paybuilding of homes ; for brake linings ; ;lble to the order of the Honourable the firemen’s suits ; industrial insulations ; Minister of Public Works, equal to. 10 water, flue and sewer pipes and many per cent of the amount of the tender, other purposes.	or Bearer Bonds of the Dominion of
These and a wealth of other interest- Canada or of the Canadian National |j ing facts are chronicled in this interest- Railway Company and its constituent ing booklet which also shows how the companies, unconditionally guaranteed progressive town of Asbestos came into as to principal and interest by the Do-being in Quebec as a result of the dis minion of Canada, or the aforemention- IB covery of this rare mineral in that pd bonds and a certified cheque if re-1 £ province.	qui red to make up an odd amount.
The section of the book which takes The Department also reserves the the reader “inside” Canadian Johns- ! right to demand from any successful Manville at the town of Asbestos tenderer a security deposit, in the form graphically records how a great institu of a certified cheque or bond as above, tion has been built by adherence to equal to 10 per ceut of the amount of policies which have placed employer his bid, to guarantee the proper fulfil employee relations on a basis of mutual ment of the contract, benefit, confidence and goodwill.	By order,
Complimentary copies of “The Story
be obtained from
Tenders for Coal and Coke
a i
Federal Bldgs., Province of Quebec
cil
to the SEALED Tenders addressed to tla-undersigned and endorsed, “Tender for Of interest to Canadians generally— Coal for the Province of Quebec.” old and young alike—this* fascinating story of Canadian pioneering and industrial achievement is interwoven with many delightfully romantic episodes of centuries past, w hen Asbestos was regarded as having a magic power because it could withstand the ravages of fire.
It is a story that shows how Canada came to achieve the distinction uf being the richest of all countries in Asbestos, producing nearly 70 per cent, of the worlds supply. It reveals that even today geologists are at a loss to know ex actly how these mysterous deposits took form, although they agree that the “story of asbestos” started millions of
The arguments in favor of Mr. Lawn
The lower-priced ford V 8, with a character of its own, is definitely modern in every detail of design. This is evident in the deep hood, the low grille, the long, smooth lines and the accent upon size and roominess.
Like the De Luxe Fold, it has advanced in value all along the line, with a great number of important new features. It has the same extra inches of leg room, Finger-Tip Gearshift, Controlled Ventilation, Sealed-Beam Head-lamps, and the same quiet, easy-shifting transmission. The improved shock absorbers, and the more flexible springs and new torsion bar ride-stabilizer, give it an outstandingly level ride. Its big hydraulic brakes give straight, quick stops.
The 85 horse power Ford V-8 engine gives unusual operating economy, with outstanding performance. Many owners report 22 to 27 miles per gallon of gasoline.
Whether you choose the Ford V-8 or the De Luxe Ford V-8, you know that the matchless experience and manufacturing facilities of the Ford Motor Company assure you of the best possible value for the invest.
be received until 12 o’clock noon (day light saving), Wednesday, May 22. 1940,1 stitutiunal for thf supply of coal and coke for the | filled, dir. c:<-ts Federal Buildings in Province of Que bec, except Montreal.
O' in
this argucment i* the “clincher” that none of the members of
the Legislative Council represents a Hon. John Hall Kelly, recently ap- I d istrict west of Montreal.
2522Wa
222222520522


6

CEDAR SHINGLES ROLL ROOFING BUILDING PAPER LIME & CEMENT LUMBER MILL-WORK
on a

x


money you
X
X
X
Phone 27
E
X
Horses and cattle taken in part payment

X
X

X
THE HCDCItiS LUMBER COMPANY
X
G. A. Howard & Son


N
Quebec
Shawville,
J M. SOMERVILLE,
Secretary.
Shawville
Quebec
of Asbestos” may Canadian Johns-Manville Co.,
Toronto 6, Ont.
Ltd , Department of Public Works, I Ottawa, April 2-1, 1940.
U
v\y>*\sx/ssi
9 2t


)

###PAGE###5###
MkPT




*The Equity
Tariff of Tolls to be Collected During
Season 1940, by
S ervice Announcement
DALE’S TINSHOP
Shawvtllb United Church Rev. A. F. Forks B. A., H.D. pAStor
Sunday, May 5
Service at Shawville
Established 1883
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY AT
SHAWVILIÆ, QUERKC
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
i
11.00 a. m
1.30	p.m.—Service at Zion
3.30	p.m.—Service at Stark’s Corners
Sermon Subject : “Triumphing in
Troubles”
7.30 p.m.—Service at Shawville
Sermon Subject : “Snakes among the
Faggots”.
The Quinze Rapids Improvement Co., Ltd.
For Use of Improvements
ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION
Anywhere in Canada ... $1.50 To United States.. 2.00
our
All arrears must be paid In full before any paper Is discontinued
Saw loge, 17 feet and under, per 1,000 feet Board Measure.
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other woods, round or flitted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, per 1,000 feet Board Measure..............................
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock, and all other woods, ronnd or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet Board Measure..................................
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce, Hemlock and all other wood#, square or waney board, per 1,000 Cubic Feet........
Pu Ip wood, per Cord....................................
5 cents
P-U-M-P-S
W.O. COWAN, PUBLISHER
Gj cents
Bristol United Church
Rev. C. Armhtrong-Saleh, B, D. Sunday, May 5
Sunday School 10.00 Service at
Sunday School Service at
Sunday School Service at
We are carrying a large stock of Beatty Pumps and Parts for every purpose, all at a price to suit you. this stock and save money.
Africa Ha» Big Supply
• Of Valuable Chemical»
' The chemical industry is beginning to play an important part in the industrial life of Africa, Dr. W. S.
Landis, New York chemical company official, says in a report to the American Chemical society.
"Africa possesses unlimited chemical raw materials and the gold mines of Johannesburg and other mining industries are enormous consumers of supplies of all kindn,"
Dr. Landis points out.
i "South Africa produces about 15,000,000 ounces of gold per year.
By far the larger proportion is obtained by treatment of the ore with cyanide, followed by precipitation and refining. Approximately 85 per cent of this production comes from the Rand from mines located in a narrow belt about 60 miles long.
This is probably the most concentrated chemical industry in the world with respect to value of production."
The mining problems in the deep mines are complex, first because of enormous rock pressures, and secondly on account of high temperatures encountered so far underground, Dr. Landis explains.
"Probably the greatest copper deposits in the world are located in Cape Province, Northern Transvaal, and on the Northern Rhodesia-Bel-gian Congo border," Dr. Landis continues. "The reserves in the Rhodesian mines, of which three are now in operation and a fourth under construction, arc enormous.
"The Transvaal is an important producer of manganese ore, shipping 750,000 tons annually, and extending from the Transvaal into Southern Rhodesia arc literally mountains of chrome ore. Adjacent thereto in Southern Rhodesia arc great asbestos deposits producing the highest grade fiber known.
"Northern Rhodesia and the Congo both possess lead and zinc .mines.
The Congo produces tin, gold, vanadium, and cobalt. Cobalt is associated with certain of the copper ores, both in the Congo and in Northern Rhodesia.	#
"The great diamond fields extend eastward from the mouth of the Orange river, across the Orange Free State and the Transvaal. Mines have been opened at two points—
Kimberly and Pretoria. The Kim- ! burly pit is the largest man-made
holt m thl world, although there is	^	n i i i n	h
2% I'ZKr&ZK	5	Congoleum Cold	Seal Rugs	{=	Fir.. s«»m ucomo.iv.,
which mny have been even larger. 4 Qongo|eum QqI^ §ea| By-the-VBrd	E Were Real ‘Iron Horse»’
N °	*	4 .	B The "iron horse" followed the cov-
3 Congoleum Cold Seal Hall Runners g;XSIXTHSSU
3	r speed, it rapidly became the com-
5 Odd Seal style leadership hits an all-time $ ™ ”caan=0?ds,r*?tT,vlE,"3 high in the gorgeous new line for 1940. g
Designed by experts in the field of colour 2 ly separated territories into a close-
and home decorating styles, they are in 6 ly kmt nat:on and a common mar" key with the most up-to-the-minute trends.
Look over the new designs carefully. There’s a design for every room in the house.
cents
St. Andrews,
•4	41
Knox,
11.00
Call in and see
2.00
75 cents
44
3.00
Austin,
10.30
5 cent
7.30
LESLIE DALE
Sermon Subject. :
"Why you should be a Christian”
K. C. WOOLSKY,
Secretary
Shawville,
Quebec
ANGLICAN St. Paul’s Sunday, May 5
8.00	a.m.—Holy Communion
10.00	a. m.— Sunday School
11.00	a. m —Holy Communion 7 30 p. m.—Evening Prayer
St. Luke’s
2.00	p.m.—Holy Communion
Holy Trinity Service Withdrawn
/
Certified Chicks
Big Annual Cold Seal Lucky Number Contest
Opens Friday, April 26th, 1940
Shawville Co-operative Hatchery
B. T. STARK, Manager
%
Shawville,

Quebec
Parish of North Clarendon Rev. K. C. Bolton in charge
Snoday, May 5
North Onslow, Morning Prayer 10.30 Charter!*, Evening Prayer 7.30
3
All the flocks are blood-tested and under the Quebec Government Inspection.
Eggs must weigh at least 2 ounces each.
Our chicks are issued from vigorous birds of standard size and selected for egg production
BREEDS
Barred-Plymouth Rock — White Leghorn
Figures released by the British Ministry of Information reveal that Germany has lost in the neighbourhood of 0,000 naval officers and men, through sinkings by the British Navy of U-boats and ships of the German Navy and those scuttled by the Germans themselves. Those figures were compiled before the naval engagement in the Skagerrack where Germany's naval power was dealt such a severe blow.
Canada’s forests are now the largest reservoir of lumber available for Britain since Scandinavian and Baltic shipments have been curtailed through wartime conditions. The forest products industry is organizing for an adequate liaison with the British Timber Con-United Kingdom officials are in Cmada surveying Canadian sources of supply.
When Canada entered the war the Textiles industry immediately pooled j j its resources to meet sudden military demand for peak production. Before November, over 50 Canadian mills were turning out war supplies.
Watch for Window Display
Announcing This Event
New Hampshire
Chicks will be available on the
following Dates.
We have been featuring1 this contest for some years with success
March, 25 tuid 28..............
April 1, 4, 8, 11, 15, 18, 22, 25, 29
May 2. 0, 0...................
13, 16, 20, 23 .........
27 and 30...............
Jane 3, 6, 10, 13, 17, 20, 24, 27..
For White Leghorns $1.00 less per 100 than above prices
Order Early—Many hatches already partly ordered. To avoid
Disappointment Order Tudny
$12.00 per 100 12 00 11.00
10 00 “ “
l 4
Ask the lucky winners
14
44
9.00
8 00 “
4 4
£ trot.
B ! already
%
%

1

*
Congoleum Patterns for 1940
ESTABLISHED 1883
INVALID
COACH
Trees Control Sand Dune
An excellent example of sand-dune control by forest planting is reported by the forest service, United States department of agriculture. At Saugatuck, Mich., Old Bald Head mountain, 300 feet high and with an eroding area of about four acres, is one of the largest and best-known dunes in the state. For some time it had been encroaching on the channel of the Kalamazoo river and threatening cottages near its base. The dune, was planted to trees in April, 1931. Black locust, honey locust, and pondcrosa, white, Norway, jack, and pitch pines were planted, along with large-sized willow and poplar cuttings. Carloads of brush were hauled up by cable and spread over the sand between the seedling trees. The city again planted trees in 1932. A high percentage of the trees survived, natural weed growth has sprung up, and the dune is now considered under control.
GEORGE HYNES & SON
Directors of Funeral Service
>
Shawville, Que.
ket
The "iron horse," as the steam 'locomotive was known in its early days, was originally built of iron.
; Today it is largely constructed of steel. And today, also, it exists in a variety of types.
In addition to steam locomotives there are electric locomotives driven by current transmitted from cen- j tral power stations through trolley wires or third rails. There are Diesel-electric locomotives, which carry their own power stations—internal combustion engines which generate the current used for propul-| sion. There are steam-electric loco' motives in which steam turbines drive generators which supply current,to tne driving motors there are combination locomotive-cars, called "rail motor cars." Some of these are driven directly by internal combustion engines like automobiles. Others are driven by electricity generated by internal combustion engines, or by current supplied by storage battery, third rail or trolley.
Phone 80
3

MacLean’s
RED & WHITE STORE
The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
11
I I
Grocery Specials

And
Buffalo Population
How many buffaloes there were before the white man began a rapid reduction of the animals; no one knows. It is known, however, that the number was almost beyond the imagination. For instance, Colonel Dodge of the United States army reported that in three years from 1872 4,000,000 buffalo were killed for their hides alone. It has been estimated that in 13 years 1% million dollars were paid in the state of Kansas for buffalo hides. This represents the skeletons of around 31,000,000 animals. A conservative estimate of the number originally in this country places the figure at 60,000,000. Today, there are slightly more than 4,000 left in the entire United States.
3 dozen ...
$1.00
Salt Herrings Rinso. large package Oxvdol “	“
Chipso
Soap (Jhips, 3 pound package ........
Bon-Ame, cake or powder.............
G.M. Floor Wax, paste ...............
G.M. Self Polishing Wax, large tin...
Zebra Stove Polish, paste, per tin..
Non Such Stove Polish, liquid, bottle Babbetts Cleanser, per tin..,
Old Dutch Cleanser, per tin O’Cedar Polish, per bottle...
Lemon Oil.
Steel Wool, per package .............
Pearl, Comfort or P & G Soap per bar Lux, large package
Brooms, good quality, each..........
Cooked Macaroni with Cheese large tin Clarks Pork fit Beans, large tin .. Habitant Pea or Vegetable Soup..
Mixed Cookies, per pound
25:
Maypo Spread, large tin Harry Horne’s Pudding Powder, 2 for
Plumb Jam, large jar.................
Pure Strawberry Jam, 2 lb. tin.......
Apple and Strawberry Jam, 4 lb. tin..
Crispie” Sweet Mustard Pickles].....
" Sweet Pickles “ Sour Pickles..!
.23

• •
.23
19c
.23
4 4
a
25c
• ##»••••••••
• •
.25
. 29c
.14
.25
49c
.50
Romantic Southern Town
So haughtily romantic were the builders of Columbus, Miss., that permission to build a railroad through Columbus was refused for years on the grounds that it was unsightly, unnecessary, and would oring the menace of undesirable persons. Not until 1861 did the planters cease to ship on the navigable Tom-bigbee river, and when the railroad was allowed a few die-hards continued to plant their cotton between the rails. Today the beautiful «ornes of Columbus vie with the old campus of Mississippi State College for Women and the site of the first free public school in the state for interest in the annual garden pilgi which in 1940 i« scheduled for April 14 to 16.
125c
.15
< ft
.19
25c
#######
# •
• • •
.05
• •
• •
# e # # #
25c
.10
••••••••
»
.25
.25
• *
ft ft
.10
S
.05
.25
Opera HV Spring
A century ago u i ir .chm n, Antoine Gibus, contributed th< opera hat spring. This is the only successful mechanical device in the hat business and the inventor’s family receives royalties from it** hats are made by hand.
• • •
••••••
.30
B
.18
.15
••
• •
.12
I
# *# *#
Successor to 2. F. Hodgins Go, Limited
igh
age,
.15
#########
# #

###PAGE###6###
4#
9J* '	•
1

X
y
$


Monck, the first vice regal tenant, would rccoguize their former hem# nmid the additional wings, storeys and added chambers which const* lute the Rideau Hall of today.
the site in 1837, Queen Victoria ascending the throne.
LEASKD IN 1863 The modest retreat of the McKay family was leased in 3865 by gov-ernmmt authorities of Upper ( an-ada. in 1867, Confederation year, the property was purchased outright for $82,000 as the official residence of the Governor-General, but neither Mr. McKay cor Viscount
“Devil of Sea” Value To Man
on
R. A. F. Bombers Fly Over Bergen, Norway
was
Sunday
School
Lesson
>

i
Octopus Is Used As Food and Also In the Manufacture of
Gold production in Canada dur ing 1939 totalled 0,092,134 fins ounces compared with 4,725,117 fine ounces in 1938.
Ink
V
;
No mythical monster was that 30-foot octopus recently reported to have been killed off the coast of Oregon after an attack on a 30-foot I fishing boat. ^	I
“One of nature's nightmarish I creations," observes a National Geo- I graphic Society bulletin, ‘ the octo- I pus is as tangible as breakfast kippered herring — and is, in some I parts of the world at least, an equal- I ly familiar dish on the family menu.
“With thd giant squid, chambered nautilus, argonaut and others, this I marine animal is a member of the I class cephalopoda (meaning ‘head- I footed’). Found in deep and shallow I water of most of the world's seas, I its various species range in size I from less than 12 inches in full arm- I spread to a super ‘hoarding house I reach’ of nearly 30 feet.	I
PRODUCES "INDIA INK" I “More conventional, and credible I is the use of the animal’s glandular I product of ink, or sepia, for water- I . color work and dyes. This sepia j was the ancient 'India ink."	I
“The octopus also makes good I fish bait, its main value among the j Western nations. For human con- I sumption, cephalopods have been I prized by various peoples since an- I cient times. The octopus is a favor- I ite oriental dish, and in split and I dried form is frequently found in I
2

i«
By William Ferguson
This Curious World
LESSON IV
ISAIAH COMFORTS AN AFFLICTED PEOPLE—Isaiah 40.
PRINTED TEXT, Isa. 40: 1-11 GOLDEN TEXT—God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Ps. 4b: !•
THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Probably about 701 B.C., although the time cannot definitely be ascertained.
The city of Jerusalem. In this lesson we find a remarkable revelation of some of the fundamental relationships that ought to exist between God and men, and between men and God. On the one hand; God desires to rule men, to reward them, to guide them as a shepherd, to give power and strength to them in weakness ; but on the other hand, if these things are to be bestowed by God, man must open his life to the Lord so that the Lord fill it with his own greatness and goodness.

SOME Kl-ViOS OF
PLANT POLLEN
live only a few days,
WHILE OTHERS WILL LIVE FOR. ~
SBVBfZAL V£4/££fX
I >
't
»*, /


F4
;
f




Time.
r
*
r
¦#
co^ i9j~ evNnsmüt 'sc

»v'»

Place.
i
r v»
Z
/
%

5V
N'
4
>-
$

m
#

• •
&

*



»*Wi

#
K
*
-
#
s&E^gR
f:::
55)t.\\W.V.v • •.• •••• •• • • • ••


• »
* • • •
*
Taken from one of the Royal Air Force bombers participating in the raid, this aerial view shows Nazi seaplanes moored in the harbor of Bergen as R. A. F. bombers roared over the Nazi-held Norwegian city. A German cruiser of the IColn class was believed to have been struck during the raid and sunk. A munitions warehouse was also blown up. This picture was flashed to New York by radio from London.
IN AFRICA,
V THERE ARE LAR£>E f
LAND CRABS THAT
CATCH M/CE/
c
can
J

A Great Prophet Of all Israel's celebrated prophets, Isaiah is the king. The writings which bear hie name are among the profoundest in all literature. One great theme—salvation by faith — stamps them all. Isaiah is the 9t. Paul of the Old
*•
/
main experiments, demonstrations have been conducted on $8 Middlesex farms on one-acre plots with adjacent check plots.
Results obtained on the experimental plots and put into practice on the demonstration plots showed five main factors contributed to more profits from potatoes were:
Certified seed of a suitable var
usaleni are, of course, synonymous; from this city were good tidings to be proclaimed to all the other cities of Judah, calling upon them to look unto God, because he with hie strong arm will rule the nations, and in his infinite tenderness he will feed his flock like a shepherd, carrying the lambs in his bosom.

>

Eastern stores.
f
V
/
More Are Trying To Learn French
I
a
\
awe
k
/


s
r

' Testament.
Isa. 40: 1. Comfort ye, comfort < ye my people, saith your God.
2.	Speak ye comfortably to Jerusalem ; and cry unto her, that her warfare is accomplished, that her iniquity is pardoned, that she hath received of Jehovah's hand double for all her sins. The chapter begins with the voice of God speaking to the children of Israel, who are said to be going to endure great sufferings and 70 years of captivity in Babylon. Isaiah sees beyond the suffering, and beyond the captivity, the infinite tenderness and graciousness of God, an unfailing love for his people, and the final victory and peace which come to them. The pronouncement of this verse may become a glorious reality in the life of any slave to sin, any oppressed or defeated person, if that one will recognize that all of one’s sins have been atoned for in the perfect and precious sacrifice of the Lord Jesus Christ, by which sacrifice we are set free.
John Baptist's Coming
3.	The voice of one that crieth, prepare ye in the wilderness the way of Jehovah; make level in the desert a highway for our God.
4. Every valley shall be exalted, and ever)’ mountain and hill shall be made low; and the uneven shall be made level, and the rough places a plain : 5. and the glory of Jehovah shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it together ; for the mouth of Jehovah hath spoken it. This great passage, where the second of four voices is heard, the voice of the forerunner, is well known to all Bible students, because of its quotation in all the four Gospels in the record of the appearance of John the Baptist, to whom certainly this prophecy points. John the Baptist, however, though the great forerunner, did not exhaust the prophetic implications of this verse, for all true servante of God are to be occupied in preparing the way for the coming of the Lord.
Greatness of His Word 6. The voice of one saying, Cry.
And one said, What shall I cry?
All flesh is grass, and all the goodliness thereof is nr the flower of the field. 7. Th» iss with-* ereth. the flower fa ^ uecause the breath of Jehovu. blowerth upon it; surely the people is grass. The grass withereth, the flower fad et h ; but the word of our God shall stand for ever. A third voice is now heard, of undetermined origin, proclaiming man's frailty and the eternal pow-<tf of God’s word. Man is here likened to the grass of the earth, because he too soon passes away (comparatively speaking). In contrast to the brevity of life allotted to man, Isaiah comforts the hearts of his people by reminding them that (he word of God forever abides.
Revealed In Hi» Work,
9. 0 thou that tejieth govd tidily to Zion, get thee up on a
mountain; O thou that tell-wth good tidings to Jerusalem, lift y,> thy voice with strength; lift it up, be not afraid; say unto the cRien of Judah, Behold, your 0M? 10. Behold, the Lord Jeho-
will come as a mighty one, nM his arm will rule for him: Behold, his reward is with him, and his recompense before him.
II. Hs will feed hie flock like • ib spherd, he will gather the leoibe I» his arm, and carry them in his
and will gently lead thoee |H%c have their young. The fourth rel'jt is now heard, and while U te Sat specifically identified, we may Wi* it to be the voire of the pro-
himself. Here Zion ami Je -
¦»
these
English-Canadians Are Taking Up Sister Language For Cultural Reasons, And Because It is Useful
are very fond of/A/W
3E&GJES/ BY EATiNO THESE, THEY HELP TO SPREAD THE ________PLANTS.
POLLEN grains have the power of spontaneous growth, as if they were seeds in their own light. Pollen of the palms, if kept dry, may retain its life for years. The Arabs save some from their date-palms from year to year to place upon the flowers the following season.
NEXT:
£
let y.
Form Notes ..
»
Plentiful supply of plant food supplied by barnyard manure, and green manure crops and artificial fertilizers.

7-/5
Little by little English Canadians are realizing the error they have committed in the past by neglecting the many opportunities presented to them in this country to learn French, says “Le Canada" (Montreal). They are eager to make up for lost time, we have had occasion to note at the Protestant Board of School Commissioners. It seems now to be spreading across Canada. For some time there has been an exchange of students between Quebec and Ontario during the summer vacation which has given satisfactory results to all concerned. The comment of Ontario newspapers on the movement points to a significant change in the attitude of our English-speaking compatriots. A growing number of them wish to learn French for cultural reasons, strengthen the bonds of unity among our people and, finally, because it is useful. Canada is moving toward the right formula of bilingual-
Bigger Profits From
Potatoes
Four years ago the Ontario and Dominion .Governments commenced experiments on three soil types in Middlesex county at the request of the Caradoc Potato Grow ers' Association. In 1988 similar experiments were begun in the Alliston area, South Simcoe county. Growers in these famous potato growing areas asked investigations into such problems as low yields, and difficulties in producing potatoes of high quality. In addition to the
L
w
Early planting.
Efficient spraying.
Proper methods of harvesting grading, packaging and labelling.
FEWER ACRES. HIGHER QUALITY
Growers should recognize that profits are not necessarily measured by the number of acres grown, but by the yield of good quality tubers produced per acre. The objective of Ontario potato growers should be “More bushels of high quality potatoes from fewer acres."
Dot! a bee recognize other members of its hive?
This is a tendency

¦
l
FLYING HEROINE
¦

J
17 She made many new -------records
Answer to Previous Puzzle
HORIZONTAL
1 Pioneer girl flyer.
12	Long outer garment.
13	To rent.
14	Vigilant.
16	Meat.
17	Wholly.
18	To prick.
19	Unit.
20	Mountain laurel.
21	She first
gained ----
as a plane	„
passenger	39 Court.	VERTICAL
22	To subsist. 40 Concurred 1 To maid-
23	Musical note. 45 To marry.	amends.
24	Silkworm.	46 Summer	2 Greater in
25	To observe.	. residence.	quantity.
26	Pretense.	48 I^ast whole	3 Deer.
27	Fresh tidings. number.	4 Musical note. 40 Style.
29 Slender.	49 Pool.	5 Partner.
31 Angrv.	50 To redact.	6 Snaky fish.
33	Upon.	51 Ireland.	7 Preposition.	43 Nick
34	Palm lily tree. 52 Mohammedan	8 Brought into	44 And.
35	Sound of a bullet.
36	Toward.
37	Sound of a dove.
38	Electric unit
H
HNF3H

18 Father.
20 Fury.
22 She was the —- of the feminine flyers.
24	Tree.
25	To exchange.
26	Brooch.
28 Goddess of discord.
30 Card game.
32 Typhoid fever
34 To work.
36	Ponderous volumes.
37	Raccoon type animal.
39 Tendrils.
k
? f
ABWiI
A
I NeO'K
»
L
V

I
»
RADIO REPORTER
i
MES I
N
MM
f. S

to
By DAVE ROBBINS
N
NÏÏTÎ 1C! AIL
I


Moby Dick, of course, was a great whale that ah the whalers sought to catch. However, after this picture critic in question had watched the preview through, probably
with only one eye open, he went R II ll (A A 111 ri3.ll back to his paper and reported
that Barrymore played the role	St A tel V MoiTlC
of Moby Dick remarkably well. I	*
IPEEBJEJ^Toh

SPRING CHANGES
Well, we have an official communique from the weather* front that Spring is actually here. And Spring is sure to make changes in radio programs just as Spring makes changes everywhere.
For instance the Metropolitan Opera Company leaves the air — and the “mike" goes to the ball diamond every Saturday afternoon. Not only in New York, but everywhere, will the radio bring to millions of listeners the well-
strike three — he’s out.



BN

ism



$
* *
Fine Mansion in Ottawa Awaits New Governor-General and Princess
TALK OF THE TOWN
Ontario towns are going on the at a time, each Thursday
. Tune in the
41	Inferior clog
42	Cetacean.
air, one
night at 8.15 . .
“Town Crier” and learn more about our own rural Ontario. (Note time change for summer months).
The Earl of Athlon», Canada's new Governor-General, will take up his official residence in a stately limestone mansion on the banks of the Ottawa River in a setting of gently rolling lawns and fine o d tree*.
MEMORIAL TO GOVERNORS
Rideau Hall, traditional home tf the vice-regal incumbent, stands as a memorial to the long succession of goveinors-gencral who have lived there since Confederation. Each has added something structurally to the throe-storey residence or its surroundings.
Rideau Hall stands lu the east-part of Ottawa, about l1,* miles from the Houses of Parliament and slightly east of the confluence of the Rideau and Ottawa rivers. An ornamental iron fence sets off the beautiful gardens and green park-lands from the bustle of city traf-
45 Tight.
47 Stir.
49 To pcrir-c
51	Ell.
52	Laughter sound.
accord.
9 Ritter herb
10	Scarlet.
11	Transposed
12	Games.
15 Oak.
nymph.
53 She was a ------- worker
known
In this part of Canada three radio stations will feature baseball very shortly -— CBL and CFRB in Toronto and CHOC in Hamilton.
The two Toronto stations will bring baseball to the front verandah fans from the International Legaue games in Toronto in Hamilton CKOC will bring to Canadians the play-by-play action of the PONY League games.
So ball fans, get ready for a big baseball season
54 She made a
solo ----
flight.
* *
Radio spotlight . . . Sunday . . . And It Came to Pass, from CBL at 1.S0 . . . Glen Gray’s hand from WEAF at four . . . Prof. Salmon analyzes the war from CKOC at five . . . One Man’s Family from WEAF-CBL a; 8.30 . . . Sweet and Low, with Mart Kennedy’s band at Vancouver, via CBC at 11.80 . . . Monday •— Stars Over Hollywood from CKOC at 1.36 . . . With the Troops via CBC at 8.30 . . . Alec Templeton Time from CBC at 9.30 . . . Mammoth Minstrels from WOK Mutual at 10.30 . . .Thursdays
and His Buekaroos from CKOC at 7.30 . . . Session in Swing with Sammy Kaye from WEAF at 7.80 . . . Talk of the Town out of CKOC at 8.36 , . . Stag Party on CBC at 11.30 . . . Friday — Along Gypsy Trails CBL at seven ... 13th Battalion Overseas band at 8.30 from CKOC . . . Woodhouse and HawkIns via CBC at ten . . . Benny Goodman front WEAF Red net» work at midnight.

<)
tO Il
1
i
3
n
1
13
2
while
I
7
16
U
I
20
I
}â
i
W*
?

Gracie Allen can always be depended on for something new m the world of maniacs and crackpots — and this year she is running for president, as a candidate on the surprise party ticket. Gracie will make her nomination speech on Wednesday night. May 16, at 7.30.
* * *
WHALE OF A PART
Word that Bernard Herrmann, the capable composer, has written a dramatic cantata named Moby Dick, reminds us of the funny incident that occurred when John Barrymore made his Canadian debut in the picture by that name.
POP—A UttieService Makes the Heart Grow Fonder
26
F127
6
ern
S
<e
32
i
29 150
Carson RoM-
i
55
34
33
son
1
56
/
3V
fic.
The building dates back to the days when Ottawa was still the little village of Bytown, unthought of the future capital of Canada. The late Hon. Thomas McKay, a lumber magnet, purchased 1 000 of woodlands on which to
4ü
43
I 42

2
a or es
build a family homestead. As the blocks of limestone gradually rose
w
h
By J. MILLAR WATT
h
tv
NONSUNSt?' » .. _
your qcttino,
-OtS-TfcA MAKÊS M6
w
, LETTING MSt”
GET UP TO! -v MAKE- THS X TEA ?
f l don't think you
'love ME SO MUCH, POP
V
1
a
U-
*
l
x 5
v
s

»

à

;i
«it

,;V
i
i j
ri\

— _ 1
T2 ^ f
mm
I W
t .
1-16
i

ë
il
r
/
IT

• y*
v


I
— •
H-
X
###PAGE###7###
I
high heel of a cleverly styled pair | lowing some operations — by using
bicycle pedals — Is announced.
The method was reported last week as an effective aid In minimizing one of the greatest risks of surgery, the danger of post-operative complications.
It consists of elevating tbi foot of the patient’s bed for from 24 to 48 hours after a major operation and then having the patient exercise on ordinary bicycle pedals mounted on the foot of the bed.

m y.;
of shoes shorten the leg muscles and eventually cause pain?"
UNHAPPINESS RUINS IT
Social Illness, a new medical term which describes persons who are sick for no other reason than unhappiness over their environment, was recognized last week by the American College of Physicians.
Dr. Edward Weiss, of Temple University, Philadelphia, said that a third of those who see a doctor do not have any definite bodily disease to account for their illness, and another third s^em to have symptoms that are partly due to emotions.
"The ill-health," he said, ' arises from long-standing dissatisfaction In the business, social or home life of the individual and this failure of adjustment to environment is manifested by a disturbance in some part of the personality, either as bodily symptoms of various kinds. CApAble of mimicking almost any disease, or as affections of the spirit."


ch/u UPTON'S
k# r7 imivimiM.
¦ TEA BAGS

"It DOES teste good in e pipe!11
HANDY SCADT1GHT POUCH . 15f*
%.LB. "LOK-TOP" TIN - 6#
also packed in Pocket Tins
: :




f’c*

%
S,

¦ •:


—


Convenient—economical—easy to dispose of—made of absolutely tasteless filter paper each bag makes two cups of Lipton’s Yellow Label Tea — Upton’s Finest—an Empire Tea 'fit for a king'. Packed in cartons of 20 and 100.

s
/
D

»
V
GLASS "STITCHES"
It soon may be possible to talk about the glass -.inches in your operation.
Glass thread which can be drawn as fine as silk and spun into fibers of any thickness promises to be one of the newest developments in surgery.
It is smooth, easy to handle, easily sterilized and is absorbed slowly by the body when used to close up deep Incisions, says Games Slater, the inventor.
i
i
ilNie
i

Ni
•H liai
1
MED IABl
ien, which is a standard method of relieving hay fever, while the other half swallowed capsules filled with the same polleu.
The results showed the swallowing method is almost as good as Immunization by vaccination.
I
CREAM
son who is sitting between them, to carry on a conversation?
5. What does a la mode mean?
0. .Should a guest at an affair make introductions among the other guests?
Modern
Etiquette
WANTED
We are paying a real high price for cream FO B., Toronto. Write for particulars
and cans.
The Toronto Creamery
The United Farmers Co-operative Co. Ltd.
Duke and George Streets TORONTO, Ontario.
Heavyweight Family
Answer»
1. Yes but when he becomes f ngry, he surely loses all dignity, ft has been truthfully said, "A fit of anger is as fatal to dignity as a dose oi arsenic to life." 2. "Not at all." 3. The mother of the bride. 4. Yes. Jf they persist, the third person may offer to change seats with one of them. 5. According to the fashion. Whein we speak of "pie a la mode," it meftn^served with a mound of ice cream* because that is the fashion. 6. It is better to leave this duty to the hostess, unless the latter has asked one to do so.
POLLEN PILLS FOR ALLERGY
Eating pollen has now been tried as a medical remedy for hay fever and found quite effective.
One hundred and thirty hay fever victims acted as the guinea pigs at the University of Cleveland Allergy Clinic. About half of them took Injection of the ragweed pol-
BY ROGER I A LEE
Eight brothers and sisters of the Jones family of Glamorganshire, Wales, together weigh nearly 15 cwt. Their combined ages total 543. There are two 270-pounders, Caradoe, aged 52, and John, aged 74.
1.	Is a dignified person ever
•n*ry •
2.	When one is eating in a •rowded restaurant and a stranger wants to sit in a vacant chair •t your table, and asks “Do you mind,” what should one reply?
3.	Who should be the last person seated at a church wedding, before the bridal procession starts down the aisle?
4.	Isn’t it poor manners for two persons to lean across a per-
How Can I?
t
8Y ANNE: ASH' fcY
Q. How can I caote butter to stay fresh longer?
A. If the butter is packed in a crock containing charcoal, it will stay fresh much longer than ordinarily.
Q. How can I stiffen the brushes of the sweeper?
A. Take the brushes out of the sweeper, put a little common baking soda into some hot water and dip the brushes into it several times. Allow to dry in the sun.
Q. How can I lubricate the meat chopper and egg beater without allowing any taste of the lubricant to be imparted to the food ?
A. U e glycerine as a lubricant, and this will eliminate the possibility of any taste being imparted to the food.
Q. How can I clean grease-stained overalls?
A. Rub them well with lard, then scrub with a stiff brush, using a little soapsuds.
Q. How can I cause curtains to hang evenly after laundering?
A. Slip curtain rods through the lower hems and leave them there for a few days. They will straighten the curtains.
Q. How can I make use of the spiced vinegar from cans of peaches?
A. This spiced vinegar makes a delicious flavoring for minced meat. It also makes a savory sauce for cabinet pudding.
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS..
* •
Guaranteed
CAR AND TRUCK PARTS
A<.t:.vr* WANTED
ELECTRIC MOTOHH
LIGHTNING ROD AGENT WANTed fo sell Phillips Lijçhmlng Protective .System. R Phillips Company Limited, 32 Osborne Avenue. Toronto.
ELECTRIC MOTORS, NEW AND Rebuilt, also pulleys and V-belts. Jones & Moore Electric. 23<i Adelaide St. W., Toronto.
Used
New
*t*RC|AM%l.\<; IN KKIIIHLT MOTORS, I'OWRIMINITS. Hydraulic* Ifoi*<*. Wlnvhc*, Generator*. Starter*. Hairnet»*. Barbu re for*. Itiirilnt-on — Rifhnnge Service* Gin** — SoflwfncHnn or refund Levy Aille Port*. Toronto.
These Three Kings Made Peace Efforts In Vain
HALF TO 1% HORSE POWER heavy duly new hydro approved Emerald Motor*. 30 per cent, less than any oth*»r motor on 'he market. IT. month guarantee. Hoffman Machinery. 181 It in g East.
AGENTS WANTED FOR UNIQUE, low-priced portable duplicator. Sella Itself in stores, offices, churches, schools, clubs, etc. Dandy proposition fur stationer or a specialty man. Cox 4. 73 Adelaide Street West, Toronto.
1

%
T
F»
K
{
I’lltSHNAI-
?
FILMS
FOR
SWIFT — SURE RESULTS!
ambitious men and women! F«m-llex will show you her cessful dealer* now Inquire for further
m:ki:
Ilex Products Company Clement Street, Mon'trea

QUIT I’UttACCU. SNUFF. EASILY, inexpensively. Home remedy. Tef-Mmonlala. Guaranteed. Advice free Rartlelt'* Hov I. Winnipeg.
APRIL ADVERTISING SPECIAL — dollar value for 30c and advertisement. Roll developed, printed or eight reprint*, with cruft emhoa-
London
Photo Service. Box 551. Tendon, Ontario.
900 siic-n our list! letaila and italogue to-day. The Fam-
57«J St.
i
I"#'
Iv- ;
sed enlargement. 7 x 10

STOP-TOBACCO. Special. Quit smoking, chewing tobacco, snuff, easily, quickly. Complete guaantee treatment. 60c. Reliable Products. Box 251. Regina, Sask.
4
l« CEMiOKIKS
RE INTER-ource of supline of a i 8, tubes, bat-n - - ure you
ALTO Ie WIT'S AW)
TO DEALERS WHO ested In obtaining i s ply for parts, ter les
the lowest possible es; and place you be competitive to logue mall order under no obligations to Inquire. Letter* will h-- k^pt strictly confide» ini. Dandee Auto Stores, 522 Yon g • ¦ Street. Toronto.
FOH SALE
TWO-T XIT MILKERS —
New
low as $99: guaranteed rebuilt.* »•> low as $89: also amazing r.z~ Grade-A <5 part* replace up to 47 parts >n others), free demonstration, get our offer and free Grade-A Guide. Box K. Room X8-4 Sarnia. Ontario.
as
imp
RELIGIOUS
< C

n e \
i 1.4.
w 6
ammonia in warm
p:*	-
i i position to ny lartfe cat a-ouse. You are
n i
"ELIJAH C O M I N Q Christ." Wonderful hook sent free. Mogiddo Mission. H.. Rochester. New York.
BEFORE
'
t *

1
f
U
FOUR POUNDS BURLEY AN!) Virginia r^af $1.00, fifteen pounds $3.00. Four pounds Virginia Leaf Cigarette Tobacco $1.50. Postpaid. G. W. Jeffrey, I^eamington, Ont.
' /
SALESMEN WANTED
I
MILKER DISTRIBUTOR - SALESmen — invest $50.00 and be your own boss; one sale per week beats working for someone else; capable hard workers earn $3,000 up. retail prices"'rs low a $89, also amazing new machine by 36-year-old company. State full experience. Box K. Room 8-4A. Sarnia, Ont.
I* AlvFit Y Ettl IPMK Vr
i
*
BAKERS' OVENS AND MACHINery, also rebuilt equipment always on hand. Term* arranged. Correspondence invited. Hubbard Portable Oven Co.. 103 Bathurst St.. Toronto.	_____
HER II-GROWING
*
*
1
$5.000 CROP FROM HALF ACRE — People everywhere are growing Ginseng and Golden Seal (Medicine herbs). Enormous profits! We supply seed, instructions, buy every pound. Particulars 10c (credited). No trlflers. Associated Herb Growers. Box 27W. St. Norbert. Manitoba.
I



IIA*KETRY — REED WORK
SEED OATS
1
LEARN BASKETRY. INTERESTing, educational, complete instruction. 25c. Free catalogue and reed-work instructions. Dominion Reed Supplies, Department W., Toronto.
ERBAN OATS, REGISTERED AND Commercial, both No. 1 seed, high yielding large grain, prices. R. J. McPherson, R.R. 5, Galt, Ontario.
i

Write for
HOGS FOR SALE
#



What Scieacel Is Doiaa
ORCHARD VALLEY YORKSHIRES —Present offering — Males. Serviceable age and younger. Sows all age*, bred or open. Smm J. Gal-lamrher. Alliston. Ontario.
II All Y C HICKS
STAMMERING

I
ORDER BABY CHICKS NOW. ATtractive prices on well bred Barred Rocks, White Leghorns, llamp-¦hires. Austrolorps. Write for prices. Wingham Hatchery. Wing-ham. Ontario.
PERMANENTLY guaranteed if instructions followed. New scientific method. Twenty years’ experience. References. H. W. Hogue, 220 McDermot, Winnipeg.
CORRECTED —

4
!
?
!
HOTELS WANTED

The desperate efforts of this trio of monarch* to keep Scandinavia «rom becoming involved in the war between Germany and the Allies failed as Germany invaded Denmark and laimc.ied a lightning attack on Norway. The monarch* of the ill-fated Scandinavian countries pictured LEFT to RIGHT, King Christian of Denmark, Kin? Haakon, Norway and King Gustaf, of Sweden.
OCR SUCCESS r.N SELLING HOTels ts really phenomenal. We will be pleased to have an opportunity to try to sell yours. We advertise in every papeaû terms, write w Realtors. London, Ontario.

*	• V V 4
• • «4 «
• 44
POWDERED IRON
Launching of a new industry of a highly promising character Is forecast on the basis of methods perfected at Mellon Institute, Pltthhurgh, for the preparation of electrolytic iron powder.
Designed to do In the field of metallurgy what modern plastics have accomplished for light industry, the new process is believed to make possible economical production, for example, of Iron shapes not ordinarily forgeable.
CHEAP CHICKS
TRACTOR FOR SALK


CHEAP CHICKS ARK NOT ALr ways profitable, buy quality chicks at no higher price and be assured of profits from our blood-tested, government approved White leghorns. Hlmview Poultry Farm. Norham. Ontario.
ALUS CHALMERS 20 - 35 TRACtor in first class condition. Priced to sell. McCormick-Deerlng Agency Galt. Ontario.
n Ontario. For our Bert Weir & Sons.
Of
MEDICAL
LYONS’
BARGAINS!
HEPATOLA RELIEVES STOMACH and Liver troubles. Symptoms: Pains in right side, under shoulder blades and across hlpa. Indigestion. gas. constipation, gall trouble. Formula of doctor, suits In one day! Price $5.00. Mrs. Geo. 8. Almas	1073W Saska-
toon Sack
iron sawed off short with wrinkles around the inside of the hole."
The startled instructor marked that "first class honors."
—o—
There isn't much to bo seen in
what you hear makes up for
EGG TRAYS
MURK MONEY FUR EGGS. KLi.vl-inatc loss from cracks and breaks by packing In Keyes Trays (filler flats). 3v doz. large eggs packed in regular cases. Send for free samples or 25c for enough for one case. Postage paid. Hawley Products Ltd., 79 Elgin Street Brantford. Ontario.
- HAVE • Y8U HEARD?
HIGH CLASS RECONDITIONED
FURNITURE
Every article completely reconditioned. guaranteed absolutely clean and sold with a positive money-back guarantee.
$19.50 3-piece chesterfield suite, English tapestry, reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$24.00 smart Kroehler chesterfield suite, 3 pieces, upholstered In figured velour..
$27.00 large 3-piece chesterfield suite, brown repp material, figured reversible Marshall spring cushions. Perfect.
$35.00 beautiful brown mohair chesterfield suite, large size, figured reversible Marshall spring cushions.
$24.00 solid oak dining suite, buffet, table and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$49.00 English oak dining suite, S pieces, buffet, extension table, binet, and 6 chairs.
$24.00 Dinette suite, fumed oak, buffet, drop leaf table and 4 chairs. $59.00	Floor	sample	dining room
suite. English oak,	buffet,	square
extension table and 6 chairs, upholstered in red mohair.
$69.00	smart	walnut	finish	dining
suite, buffet, extension table, china cabinet and 6 leather uphole'ored chairs.
$89.00	solid	walnut	dining	suite,
largo buffet, extension table, cab-lnet and 6 leather upholstered chairs.
$19.50 Bedroom suite, walnut finish dresser, steel bed. sagless springs and now mattress.
$39.00 smart bedroom suite In rich walnut finish, dresser, chiffonier, full size bed, sagless spring and new mattress.
$49.00 floor sample bedroom suite, modern dresser, with Venetian mirror, chiffonier and full size bed. In new bleached walnut finish.
$59.00 complete nwdci n bedroom suite In waterfall design, bleached walnut finish, dresser, chiffonier, full size bed, sagless spring, new mattress and 2 pillows.
$6.95 large dressers with 8 roomy drawers.
$10.50 walnut finish chiffonier, five drawers.
$12.95 Simmons walnut, steel bed, sagless spring and new mattress, full size.
$8.95 pull-out couches complete with new mattresses.
$14.95 six-piece breakfast suite, buffet. drop leaf table and 4 chairs. $12.50 Singer drop head sewing machine. Perfect condition.
$9.50 kitchen cabinet with sliding porcelain top.
$6.60 good 3 burner gas stove with high back, guaranteed.
Large assortment rugs, nil sizes, in excellent condition at ridiculously low prices.
See us for your summer cottage furniture. We have the largest assortment of good recondltlond furniture at the lowest prices In Toronto.
Re-
a little tows, but
Et'ZEMA. RASHES. PILES. SORE Feet, completely relieved by Der-misoothe, .the clean. powerful household ointment. 25c. at your local druggist, or mailed direct Write for free sample. Twentieth Century Remedies. 107 Hogarth Avenue. Toronto.
SPECIAL COCKEREL BARGAINS, while they last, week old Barred Rock and New Hampshire cockerels, quality $9.95. also lU-day-old non-sexed New Hamps, Barred Rocks $11.45, 90 per cent. Pullets, New Hamps $19.40, Barred Rocks $18.40 Cockerels. New Hamps $5.95. Barred Rocks $6.95, two week old, add one cent, three week old add four cents. Big Egg Quality add one cent. Extra Select add two cents. Immediate delivery. Baden Electric ('hick Hatchery Limited. Baden, Ontario.
5
it.
Three to four
A placid old Indy, who took lifo philosophically, sat knitting in the drawing-room. To her came rushing her ten-year-o!d granddaughter.
"Oh, granny,” cried the girl, "father's just fallen off the roof!"
"I know, my child,” replied the old lady, without even raising her eyes, "I saw him pass the window."
PEDALLING SAVES LIVES
A new way to prevent blood clots and the fatal blocking of veins fol-
S'
¦Of
standard
#4 4 4
• •
?
HEALTH
TOPICS
ECZEMA!D. RELIEF FOR BABIES or adults, from dry or weeping eczema. Testimonials from hundreds for over 35 years. Two weeks treatment, one dollar. Write Hy-geia Products. London. Ont.
Attention!
?
NURSERY STUCK
STRAWBERRIES, CHOICE PLANTS Senator Dunlap 1,000 $4.00, 3,000 $10.00 by express FO B. Iroquois. 100 postpaid 90c. Write for list of shrubs, perennials and other plants. Forward Cardens, Iroquois Ontario.
? #
? «4
• • % • •
USED TRUCK BUYERS
Cft-
FASHION AND HEALTH
Comfort rather than a fashionable figure is recommended as a guide in wearing apparel for women by Dr. D. R. Deyoe, assistant medical advisor of Cornell Unlver-
CASH IN ON THESE STARTED chick bargains. They are all High Quality Chicks from Government Approved blupdtested breeders. Double AA Quality sexed New Hamps, Barred Rocks $13.40. 90 per cent Pullets $19.90. Cockerels $8.95. Three week old add three cents. Extra Profit add 1% cents. Special Mating add 2c. Supply limited. Order to-day. Tweddle Chick Hatcheries Limited, Fergus, Ontario.
"What is the most pathetic picture in the world?”
"A horse fly sitting on a radiator cap. '
Mark Twain once talked of gratitude. He didn't much care, he said, for gratitude of the eoiey, boisterous kind, "Why," he eiclaimed, "when some men discharge an obligation, you can hear the report for miles around.’
men smile in evening,
Some men smile at dawn,
But the man worth while la the man who can smile When his two front teeth are gone.
The identity of the young lady ie withheld, but the memory of her answer lingers on with the oriente Instructor of a large high
school.
On a written quiz he had asked the dass to define a bolt and nut, and explain the difference between them. On her paper the young lady wrote:
MA bolt ia a thing like a stick of hard metal such as iron with a ' square bunch at one end and a let of scratching wound around tihs other end. A nut is similar to the bolt only juet the opposite I Vin* a hole In a little chunk of
two week non-
N1TISKRY STOCK
STRAWBERRY PLANTS. PREMIER $5.00 thousand. Burrill. Glen Mary. Parson's Beauty $4.00 per thousand. Darwin Cripp.s, No. 2. Acton.
It will pay you to see Ontario’s largest assorted stock of good Used Trucks.
s!ty.
"The women of Queen Elizabeth's time," he said, "were not . squeamish; they did not faint at the slightest provocation but from i the pressure of their foundation , garments on the nerve centre, the solar plexls."
Dr. Deyoe said he isn't trying to scare the women, but urged them to look behind women's fashions and to consider their effect on the health. "Will a new fashion bring pressure on the waist and other parts of the body and result in , shortened breathing and nervous , disorders?" he asked.
Write, phone or call at
PUPS FOR SALE
TOP NOTCH CUT PRICES. THIS startling news comes just when you least expect it. All chicks from carefully culled blood-tested breeders Standard Quality non-sexed White Leghorns $8.50, Barred Rocks, New Hamps $8.95, White Rocks, White XVyandottes, Hybrids $9.95, 90 per cent Pullets Leghorns $16.95, Barred Rocks $14.75, New Hamps. White Rocks, Wyandotte*, Hybrids $15.75, Cockerels, Leghorns two cents. New Hamps five cents, Barred Rocks six cents, White Rocks, W y endettes, Hybrids $6.75. Ixirge Egg Quality add one cent, Bigger profit add two cents. Top Notch Chickerles, Guelph, Ontario.
PUREBRED WIREHAIRED FOX-terrier pups, eight weeks old from show winning stock. Reasonable. A. N. Robinson. Stratford, Ont.
G. M. C. TRUCKS
FARR PRODUCE FOR SALK
the

Some
FOR SALE — O.A.C. NO. 3 OATS ripen before sow-thistle, will yield 75 bus. per acre. 45 lbs. per bushel. Very thin hull, rust resistant. Sample on request. Soybeans, early Mandarin 211, equals flaxseed in protein, will yield 30 bus. per acre, grown from registered seed. White blossom Sweet Clover Seed No. 1. $3.00 per bus. Choice Yorkshire pigs. 3 ,to 8 weeks old, eligible for registration, both $8.00 each. Breeding stock picked by Government officials. Also 12 good lengthy Yorkshire bacon rype, thrifty looking pigs, weighing about 70 lbs. each, will sell at He per lb., will be weighed on Government Inspected scales at Meaford. Spring lambs weighing 45 lbs, $11.00, either sex. These are from cross-breds. Leicester and Oxford, which produce the wool the war demands. Fleeces averaged 10 lbs. this year. Lambs are from Suffolk ram, would make reel ewes for somebody. All prices cash on delivery. Freight collect Freight is very reasonable. Can register pigs for $2.00 each. Will hold lambs till grass comes. J. F. Payne, R R. 4, Meaford, Ont. Grey County.__________
Factory Retail Branch
208 Spadina Avc.
Toronto
"Will thf
sex,
UICK ACTION IS WHAT YOU want with chicks now. Bray Is ready with 18 varieties. Started chicks, capons. For egg or meat markets. Immediate shipment But order soon. Bray Hatchery, 130 John N., Hamilton.________________
6$ WHY HAVE
Phone WA. 1831
& ÔX SORE
isFBEV
Open Evenings
BICYCLES, MOTORCYCLES
FREE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE New rebuilt Bicycles $10 up. Used Motorcycles. Duke's, 625A Queen W., Toronto._________________________
jUSTSU* i*
WEARY DESPONDENT
CARDEN SPECIALS
GIRLS: I
Crying spells. Irritable
ASSORTED — SIX FRUIT TREES 15.00. Six Roses $3.00. Three hundred Strawberries $6.00. Fifty Raspberries $4.00. Complete Requirements supplied. Cash with order. Burlington Nursery Co., Burllogtoa, Ontario.
06 Of
--------- -monrhl/'psln should
• real “woman'sfrieng* In Lydia E. F ham's Vegetable Compound. Try til
uS
LYONS FURNITURE CO. 478 Yonge St.
Lydia L Pmkham’sv,etTWU
ISSUE NO. 17—'40
Toronto
###PAGE###8###
<

f
Synthetic Crude Rubber
Developed by Industry
MB II*
be on the grounds for observation A research program costing ap-from 2 to 3 p.ra. At three o’clock proximately $30,000,000 — a small an address by a practical Agricnl-'surn in a wartime budget—would
bring a new compound of coke, limestone and salt called koroseal to a point where it could replace natural rubber, according to an article published in India Rubber World by S. L. Brous, engineer of the B. Ç. I am prepared to purchase green of Goodrich company.
peeled Spruce and Balsam pulpwood, The new substance, which has FO,B. cars on C. N. or C. P. railways, been applied to more than 1,000 inor delivered ,„d rid, to, pi.k
because of its usefulness in protective wearing apparel and fabrics for lighter-and heavier-than-air craft. Also, in tests against mustard gas penetration, koroseal has been found superior to the best rubber compounds, while fabrics treated with it have been proven many times more resistant to hydrogen gas diffusion than rubber coated fabrics, he wrote.
Stallion Show Friday, May 10th
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS
I
Step Out In Style
71
With a New Spring Hat
All new Shades and Styles
Priced from
‘ in Marble and Granite
Write for information on special
designs and prices.
turnl Official
K
Pulpwood Wanted
Phone. 278
GEO. H. FROATS & SONS 284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
$1.95 and up
/

by trucks Phone or write,
New Suits--------Popular Single and Double
Breasted Styles, New Patterns. All with
2 trousers. Priced $19.50 to $27.50
J. M. ARGUE, Shawville, Que
FOR SALE
Phone 76
“ Tile-Lap " Sheets Galvanized Steel Roofing ordinary and Council Standard. Send ridge and rafter lengths for estimate.
EASTERN STEEL PRODUCTS Ltd. 1335 Delorimter Avenue
Montreal, Quebec
Spring Tonics
Forsyth make. Famous for
Mens Shirts	.	..
their wearing quality, all sizes, white or
$1,66 to $2.00
Nation Blood Purifier Rational Beef Iron & Wine Burdock Blood Bitters Ironized Yeast Tanlac
Roy G. Fraser
coloured. Priced from
Norris R. Horner
Clothier and Haberdasher
Phone, 43
It is predicted that other properties of this new synthetic point toward continued use in industry regardless of an emergency since it has been found to have high dielectric strength, complete resistance to ozone and corona cutting and resistance to acids, alkalies and light. It also does not swell in oil or common hydrocarbon solvents as rubber does, the engineer added.
Flowers, Gifts, Novelties
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 886 Phone 160
For Sale

i
1—DeFry Movie Camera J6 M M.
1—DeFry Movie 200 Watt Projector 1G MM
1—DeLaval 1$ h.p. Gas Engine.
1—Set Matched Golf Clubs, 3 woods and G irons, also a few other clubs.
1 —10 gallon Spray with Force Puny) 1—22 Winchester Automatic 1—22 long Enifield G shot rifle
1931 Chevrolet Sport Coupe with rumble seat.
Apply to
G. II. 130ULT0N,
Bristol, Que.
Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in vite your patronage. On orders of $1.00 or over, phone us collect. On orders of $5.00 or over phene us collect and we shall prepay.
And many other notable
Spring remedies
pleasantly spent in music and Mr. and Mrs. Stewart re-
was
games ____
ceived many beautiful gifts in silver along with the best wishes ot a host of friends.
BAND CONCERT
Members of Shawville Boys' Band are busy these days preparing for their opening concert of the season to be held Tuesday, May 7th.
Hospital Report tor April
The matron of Pontiac Community Hospital, Shawville reports 200 hospital days for the month of April, with no deaths and three births.
Clean Utensils Speed
Preparation of Food
Nothing speeds up mealtime preparation so much as spick-and-span cooking utensils. With every &pt and pan clean and shining, cooking seems more like recreation than ever before.
The new cooking utensils do their work so well it's a joy to keep them clean and in good working order. Tight-fitting lids keep flavors and / heat from escaping. Handles shaped to fit the hand are stubbornly resistant to heat. Flat bottoms and straight sides utilize every bit of heat on all kinds of ranges while smooth, seamless joinings do away with food-catching rims and make washing an easy detail.
If utensils are soaked in soapy water immediately after the food has been removed,cleaning them seldom requires exertion is best for eggs, milk, or doughy substances. Hot water acts more quickly on greasy foods. A live lather of suds will ordinarily remove food and grease in a jiffy. If burned or dried particles are inclined to be stubborn, place the utensil on the stove, add more soap, and bring the water slowly to a boil. A quick rub with soap or some other cleanser adds the final polish. After a scalding rinse and thorough-drying with clean dish towels the pots and pans are ready for their special compartment in the kitchen cabinet or their hooks on the wall.
THE CORNER STORE
1

Estate Mrs, M. C. Howard
Main and Centre Sts SHAWVILLE, - QUE.
Phone anytime between 7am
and 11 p. m.
DOESJHBTRICK/ Y
Phone, Shawville 4-9

Clarendon W. I
C, G I. T to Observe iSth Anniversary
TlieC. G. I. T. of the Shawville United Church are observing the 25th anniversary of the Canadian Girls In Training from May 12th to 17th. Please keep in mind the following dates : Tuesday, 14th— Mystery Mothers’ Tea ; Friday. 10th — Mothers’ and Daughters’ Banquet. Special C G I.T vices in the United Church on Sunday night, May 12th. Shirley Sly, Secretary.
Look Here
The Apiil meeting of Clarendon Women's Institute was held on Thursday afternoon in the Agricultural Hall, Shawville.	.
A paper entitled ’‘Meats , their value and danger in the diet, was given by Mrs. J. A Hobbs. The roll call was, “Grandmother’s favourite supper dish.
Several articles were on display for the Provincial Thrift exhibit
Entiies were received for the Connty of Pontiac Home Improvement Contest.
Ask your neighbors what Bray Chicks did for them. Then see me for prices and delivery date-».
C. Harold Boulton
Bristol Egg & Poultry Association BRISTOL - QUEBEC
For Sale, Wants, Found
Lost ole.
Wilson’s Garage
o
WANTED—A Cock Apply at once to Pontiac Community Hospital. Shawville,
The Same Reliable Service
FOR SALE—A quantity of goo6 quality loose hav. Apply to Clifford Horner, R.R. 1. Shawville. Phone 15-16.
ser
Dodge and De Soto Sales and Service
Cold water
Oil Wood Stain
FOR SALE—One 13 Disc McCormick SeH Drill. Will exchange for Cow or Young Cattle. Apply to Norman Donna Maryland, Que.
Scratched and scarred chair and table legs, bumped drawers and other casualties of everyday living that furniture is sure to suffer may be even more evident after housecleaning. There is an oil wood stain on the market, to obliterate marks, that
a variety of colors—dark
Ford Service
$2,850,000 Pay Monthly to Canadian Soldier Dependents
Some $2,850,000 now is going each month into the homes of men on active service with the Canadian forces, according to the Department of National Defence. The number of beneficiaries has reach ed 55,000. These payments comprise assigned pay, allowance to wives, children, parents or other eligible dependents.
Island of Helgoland
Shell Sealed Gas & Oils
_	• it i FOR S\LE—Well-matched team, geld-
Is German Sentinel me*, weighing about 3.000 lb*. four years
Helgoland is Germany’s North sea ; Maryland, Que" Vhone°2?2L(,RAr,Afcl sentinel. Lying 28 miles off shore, it
is a defensive outpost for the vital FOR SA LE-Several good work horses. German ports of Hamburg, Bremen, 1 Apply to Nob va 1. Kiloovr, Shaw ville, and Cuxhaven. This small chunk of i°n« 11-21. red sandstone has an area of less . CâT1, . fi , n
than one square mile; yet there are Government T.2UT'" ApplJ E> JJohvTl Britons who regret that England in Wilson, R.R. 3, Shawville. Phone 7-5. 1890 gave it to Germany for all the -------------
thousand square miles of the Zanzi- j FOp SALK - A number of Viking bar protectorate in Africa, acdord- | Rasherry Vanes, suitable for setting
in g to the National Geographic so- out thin soring, at 25 cents per dozen.
Apply to Peter L. Thompson, R. R. 3, Shaw ville, Que.
J. P. Wilson
comes in
or light mahogany, oak, maple, walnut and cherry. Equip yourself with of the color most usable for
Main Street Shawville, Quebec
Phone 40
a can
your furniture, a pad made from old stockings, and a piece of soft lintless cloth for polishing. Oil stain re-stains the raw wood but can be easily wiped from the varnish or wax along side, so that one need not be an artist to apply it. Because it has an oil base, it is fine to use occasionally as a polish. .
Quebec Gold Production Creates Record
The Quebec Bureau of Mines is issuing the March and first quarterly statistical production bulle-	_	,
tin. The figures in the bulletin	Human Body Mechanism
reveal.some very interesting facts. Every physical action exemplifies The • March production figures a mechanical principle and of all tor gold are the second highest machines the human body is the ever recorded and the quarterly most intricate. The average man figures are the highest in any ea^s drinks about 5% pounds of quarter in the history of that s0\\^s and liquids daily, totaling ap-raetal. The first quarterly figures proximately one ton a year. All this for asbestos show the second high- s ^i0 a stomach of about five est production in the history ot ints» capacity, but which daily de-
¦p mm
Mineral production in the Pro- cubic inches, but which take in and vince is proceeding very satisfac- let out scarcely a pint of air at factor! I y and if it continues each breath in ordinary breathing, throughout the year, new records The heart circulates the blood and will be created.	blood equal to the whole amount in
the body passes the heart every minute. The human frame or skeleton is made up of more than 200 distinct bones and the body func-
SSSH sr=SS
the anniversary of their 25th The skin contains more than 2,000,-wedding day. Many friends and 000 vents for Ai equal number of relatives attended from Ottawa perspiration ducts, each of which is and Montreal.	about one-fourth inch long, but
Married by Rev. D. N. Morden whose combined length is approxi-at Erskine Presbyterian, Ottawa, mately eight miles, now of Perth, Ont., on April
k of Ours I
ciety.
Helgoland as a German base in
rWS
navy. When British ships sailed into In good condition. Will >tll cheap for Helgoland Bight in August, 1914,	«u-h. Apply to Lawhknci: Yopno,
their clash with the Germans was awvuie. the first serious sea battle of the
KNOW
YOUR
COUNTRY
0



TRUC1‘oH
and National
war
FOR SALE— A quantity of Banner
Residents of the island are peace- Seed Oats. Apply to J as. Cuth6krt8on,
Shawville.
IA
ful red-faced sea-going folk, chiefly fishermen. Their small island rock was once headquarters for the North sea herring fisheries, but mysterious eddies of herring migrations swept the fish away ; now the fishermen trap lobsters. Their wives until recently had a summer business of entertaining tourists, for Helgoland had been a popular resort for vacationists from northern Germany.
c O N*
WANTED — Good middle aged work horse for carting. Apply to Irvink Swartz, Shawville.
>
1913 - -1929 - "
1933 - '
1939 -
FOR EXCHANGE- Gelding, 7 years old. around, 17(0, for team. 5 years old weighing around 3000. ari) Bela her, Phone 30 Shawville.
Apply to Leon-
FOR SALE-Ac hay. Apply lo ,	___
No. 2 Shawville—Phone 0 -14
sed
jun nifty of good pressed 'as. P. Connelly, R R
r
increa
The town is huddled on one corner of the triangular island, with an overflow at the base of the little rock's famous cliffs; the town's two parts are joined by steps and elevators instead of streets. A thin stretch of sandy beach projecting into the sea is popular for surf and sun-bathing. Assaults of high winds and crashing waves, however, preserve Helgoland’s atmosphere of sternness, which made early Norsemen think of it as the stronghold of their stern god of justice, and for that reason a Helgo- (Holy) Land.
l»anB
<
WANTED—A few young heifer calves, grade Ayrshire®. MpHpHflMjpB Meldrum, Wyman, Que. Phone 1-11.
Apply to ÜEORU1
Mr. and Mrs Daniel Stewart Celebrate Silver Wedding
F
HAY FOR SALE—A quantity of pressed and loose hay. Apply to Mr. Anthony Armstrong, R. no. 3. Shaw-ville. Phone 10-7.
I
MAID WANTED— For general housework in Ottawa home and at Summer
Apply to Mrs. S. Donald Oamhi.k, 83 Hayswater Ave.. Ottawa, Ont.
S A re you thinking of necessary repairs and provements to your home or other property?
The Home Improvement loon Plan makes it possible to spread the cost of repairs and improvements over a sui tide period at low cost. Any of our Manage s will give you full information.
Know Your Bank—it ca
cottage
ini
:
*
Robert Ingersoll’s Funeral	FOR SALE-One Clyde Gelding. 1500
Col. Robert Ingersoll died at his lbs ; one farmer's driver, gelding 1100 lbs. home at Dobbs Ferry, N. Y., on Apply to John L. Hodoin», Slmwvüle. ' July 21, 1899. His funeral, four days Phone «4. later, was private. The body was laid on a bier with neither casket nor shroud. The services were extremely simple and consisted of three readings from Mr. Ingersoll s works, “The Declaration of the Free," read by Prof. John Clark Ridpath; “My Religion,” by Maj.
Orlando J. Smith, and “A Tribute to E. C. Ingersoll,” by Dr. John Lovejoy Elliott. This last was the oration which Mr. Ingersoll delivered over his brother, who died ^Sliawville Y. P. U. are present-some years before him. He was mg their comedy drama “Met the cremated at Fresh Pond crematory, Medicine Man" a highly Long Island, and in May, 1932, the attraction in the Theatre on Fri-ashes were interred in Arlington Na- day, May 17th. Keep this date in tional cemetery.	mind.
Mrs. Stewart was gowned in	Archers’ Paradise
black sheer georgette trimmed Arizona has announced the crea-
with sheer pink crepe with should- lion ^ an “Archers’ Paradise." It er bouquet of pink orchids, a gut ^ consjst 0f approximately 100
The supper table was centeied ‘ prairie dogs to bears, with American beauty roses and a
SdtiS VliHlne Nelson's M Mi-sps II. and Z Stanton and L Visitors may see Nelson s flagship, Lang : also present were Mr. andJ The Victory,” at Portsmouth, in a Mrs (ieo. Stewart, Mr. and Mrw jry dock built in 1656, oldest dry-tiordon Stewart, Miss C. Argue, jock in the world. Nearby is the Mrs. Geo. Sergeant, of Ottawa, /jctorv museum, with many memo-Mr. H. W. Brown and daughter, ,-ials oi Nelson, Napoleon, the Battle Elsie, of Montreal.	,f Trafalgar and the Napoleonic
On Monday evening follow inr a reception was held. The evening

CHICKS FOR SALE—Started chicks— Barred Rocks, 'mggggMMÊMgÊR
White Loghoins Barred Rock and New Hampshire Cockerels. Apply to B. T, Stark, Shawville.
6
New Hampshircs and . Also four-week old
useful to you.
%e BA.1 IK of
NOVA S vOTIA
FOR SALE—Six Head Good Cattle,
¦MBHI jas.
One Young Horse Wyman. Que
humorous
EST. 1 S 3 2 — 0 V E * A CENTURY JF BANKING EXPERIENCE
wars
182
