###PAGE###1###

fl.50 per annum In Advance 2.00 to the United States
8HAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1930
1
No. 29, 50th Year '

Cowling
PERSONAL MENTION
BORN ¦¦¦¦
Gumming—At 8fc. Mary's Hospital, Montreal, Que., on December til, 1038, to Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Gumming (nee Voua Bad##) ft son.
Arrangement# have been completed by the Y. P. U of the United Church for the holding of a skating party and benn supper on Monday evening, Jan 23. invita tions are being sent out to the various societies of the district to join with them in this annual district event.
Shawvllle Hardware
Mr. Bill Edge, of Ottawa, was a guest of Mr. Harwood Argue, during the past week.
Mrs. Harold Smith, of Campbell’» Bay, viaited friends in town for a few days during the past week.
Miss Lorna Macartney has re turned to Ottawa after spending the holiday season with friends in town.
Arena on Friday night by a score *“d loronto.
of 4 to 1. Goals weie marked up Mr and Mr# T. E. Bai ty, of for Campbell’s Bay by Belaud (32), Sudbury, visited their relatives in Smith and St. Germain ; while this district for a few days during Findlay made the lone counter for the past week.
Nevreau,	Mr. and Mrs. P Philatpr, have
Shaw ville — Goal, Kslgour î de* returned to their home at Stal k’s fence, Storey and Way ; centre, (jorners, aftei a two weeks visit Brough ; wings, token and Clem with relatives at Sudbury, ents 2 subs, Hobin, Howard, Lynch,
Findly, Hodgins, McDowell, Shore
ShAwrille Intermediates Win From Quyon
ShHwville «nd Qnynn l',teh,'™^iv been"a %uènt SîlîirarVtotortè
Œ the hori^m winning by n
score of 8 to 6. The game which was flashy In spots, was handled Mrs. P. J. Connelly ha# returned by Moreland Hodgin*.	home from an Ottawa hospital,
The scorers for Quyon were, where she has been a patient for Diotte with 4 ; Murphy and Boyer several weeks. Mr*. Connelly one each ; for Shawvllle, Bert much improved in health.
|TSSs teL-H-S- HE
HHH Boyer and Lepint* ; Misses Aurllla add Laura Gra-
- ... A,1irtrlr,SM1n	veils, of Hull, spent the Christinas
,«**?)* Goal, I In I lips, defence vacation at the home of their par
W. Hod gin# and K. Walsh ; for» ent8 in Otter Lake, also a couple
waT^1« UlemeiitH, W. Howard, Qf	with their sister, Bliss
Laurenda Oravelle, at Shawvllle.
Billy Shore, Gordon Lindsay, Among those from a distance at-Bruce Findlay, Keith Hudgins and tending the fu nerd I of Mr, Jas. P. Bruce Elliott.	Carson on Friday afternoon of last
M r. i am|T Beattie. Mr. and Mrs. J. Rollins, Miss Kathleen Rollins, Messrs. William and Fred McCagg. all of
g	Ottawa: Mr. and Mrs. Webster
The parishioners ^f SL Ptuls Maitland and Mr. RohL Fraser, of Anglican Chimb held their an- P„kenh(lm and?Mrs. Roy McMillan, nual congregational meeting on of Amprior.
Monday evening, last, inXthe basement of the church. f •
The meeting was con under the chairmanship rector, Rev T E. R. Nurse Mies Irene Shaw, acting as
The rector reported on the yeat'a work. Mention wes also ni idéiln the report of the re alignment of Lower Pontiac Senior League
the parishes in this section of the R* organised »t Campbell's Bay deanery. In which St. Luke s, Caldwell, had now become part of the Parish of Clarendon.
Mrs. W, E. Shaw, of the Senior Guild, and Misa Amy Corrigan, of the Junior Guild, reported for
#####
parish aleoahowed a credit balance and Seldou Langford from Shaw
The reports were followed by the Class, In which the> have in past discussion ot general church mat- years, tere, after which the following officers and committees were ap pointed for the ensuing year.
People's Warden : W. C. Schwartz Rector’s " Thomas Eades.
Treasurer, Dr. C. F. C Powles ;
Envelope Sect’y, Mise Irene Shaw ;
Delegates to Diocesan Synod : Dr.
C. F. C. Powles and Mr Thomas Eades, substitutes, Messrs B G Hodgins and Gordon Brownlee.
Financial Committee. Thos Eades,
A. G. Brough, R G^Hodgins,
Treasurer, Wardens, Dr. C. F. C.
Powles, Mrs. L. Strutt, and Mrs.
Mrs. P. Smyth
Cemetery Committe, Messrs. J, L.
Hodgins, George Hynes, Gordon Brownlee, Lawrence Hynes. W,
H. Corrigan, A. Ü. Brough, W.
R Shaw. A. Sly, Wardens of Holy Trinity and St. Paul e.
Sidesmen : Bordon Hodgins, Keith Brownlee. Eric Judd, El yin Corrigan, John Hodgins. Llewyn Hodgins, Lloyd Dagg, „ John Howard and Keith hodgins.
A vote of thanks to the Rector and Mrs. Nurse for the work of the past year brought the meeting to a close.
Business College
38 Bank Street Ottawa, Canada
Bush Supplies
Kiiuouu-At Shuwville Community Hoe pi ta I, on Thursday, Jan 5th, 1031), to Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Kllgour (nee Mm lui Belnhar) of Yarm, a daughter.—Joyce Tsobel.
The only business school i* this district that measures up to the standard set by the Business Ivlacatora’ Association of Canada— the highest in the Dominion.
Shawvllle Junior* Outecored by Campbell’* Bay 4 to 1.
Axes
Swede Saws Cross Cut Saws
Axe, Saw and Splitting Wedges
Axe and Saw Handles
Coil Chain Hooks
MtConi) At Slmwvilie
ity fln«niul, on Saturday, Jan | Enter any lime. Individual instruction MmmÈW, to Mr. and Mr*.
McCord, of Charter!# a «on —
William Irwin,
W. £. COWLIUC, President
,M. W. BRAITHWAITE Principal
MARRIED
H A RL AND 0. ROWAT
Mi üorriston-Mànary
iÂ"	cT'iffi notary public
Timmins, Ont., Sefrona Nancy, Giaduateot McGill University
O»"'SHAWVILLE. QUE.
Hilliard Fillfm d, son of Mrs E. Oekice - In lhe G. F. Hodgins Building McCorriston and the late Mr. John McCorrlstou, of Maryland, Que.
Main Street, Que.
Mrs, Harold Judd and eons, Kenneth and Roy, returned from Os haw a on Saturday, w here they h pent the Christina* vacation with relatives.
J. OSCAR LAFLAMME
Advocate, Barrister, Solicitor, etc,	>
Office : Campbell’s Bay, Que. (In Lawn Block)
DÏED jyMffW
Smiley —At her late residence, Weirstead, Que, on Tuesday morning, January 10th, 1930,
Sarah Ann Smiley, beloved wife _
of Walton Smiley, in her 65th |-
year. The funeral will take place at 1.30 o clock on Thursday afternoon, 12th in«t., from the late residence of the deceased to the Pentecostal Mission, Bristol Ridge. Interment at Maple Grove Cemetery, Shawvllle,
Est. C. J. Caldwell

CLINTON H. DOWD
O.L.
B A, LL. B
Advocate, Barrister, etc.
M un Street - - Hull, Que.
Phone, Shcr. 1354
At Pontiac House, Shawville, Que
e ’ery Friday evening.
e 0
is
STOCKTAKING
-SPECIALS-
Mr. and Mrs. Heman Elliott Bereaved by Death of Infant Son
The sympathy of this community is extended to Mr and Mr#. H. E. Elliott, who mourn the loss of their twin son, Robert Heman, who died at an Ottawa hospital on Thursday evening of Ia#t week at the age of two and half months.
A twin sister, Betty Lon, survives
The funeral was held on Satur day afternoon. Service was conducted at the late home, Main. Street, Slmwville, by Rev. A. bVf > Pokes, who delivered a comforting address from the text, la. 40 :11 -“He shall gather the lamb# with His arms, and carry them, in Hi#
Interment was made in \Maple Urove cemetery.
DONAT Le GUERRIER
B. A., LL. B
J. Murphy, B. Coyle. M
##
i
Notary Public
CAMPBELL'S BAY, QUEBEC
Branch at Qoyon ; will call any Monday on reqnest, ,
Matter# dealt with by correspondence
Some Real Bargains Quantities Limited
First Served
Hurry
Dr. R. E. DAGG
SURGEON DENTIST
603 Drummead Medical Building
nd Street MONTREAL, QUE. PLATEAU 6311

St. Peul s C burch

D
First Here Hurry -- Hurry
». ». wftii ! '•ec**V
The annual Vestry Meeting for the congregation of Hhly Trinity Church. Radford, will bo held in the parish hall on Friday evening, January 13th.
DU- WALLACE J. W. HODGINS Surgeon Dentist
Suit 503;
1224 St. Catherine Street. West
• I MONTREAL, QUE.
Hr. .and Mrs. Clinton Palmer
Canadian Wheeling Yarn
1,000 Skeins Canadian Wheeling Yarn All three-ply, mostly grey, some grey
and white, i pound h»nb 2 Hanks for 25c
81* Weeks Old Daughter WÊÊ
Mr. and Mrs. Clinton Palmer, of Radford, mourn the low of their irtfant daughter. Alice Elizabeth, aged six weeks, after an illness of two day.
Besides the sorrowing parents, two brothers, Alvin and Webster, survive.
The funeral was held on Saturday from the late home to Yarra United Church and was attended by many sympathie relatives and friends. Service was conducted by the Pastor, Rev. R. G. Newman.
Interment was made in Yarn) United cemetery, the pall bearers being. Masters Alvin Belsher, Harland Muffatr, Edgar Eades and Herbert Howard.
Floral tributes were received from Miss Mary Brownlee ; Pupils of No. 10 School ; Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Sparling ; the family.
BELAI» 3257
D, J. CAMPBELL
The annual meeting for the re-
Pontiac Senior
Veterinary Surgeon
shawville
Yard Goods
700 Yards of Dry Goods, assorted yard goods some broadcloth, shirting, curtain nets, cottons, etc., etc.
Special at 2 yards for 26 CtS.
Phone SI.
Dr. R. G DOCKS
Dental Surgeon
Graduate of McGill University Post Graduate Work in Detroit and New York Hospitals SHAWVILLE. QUEBEC
Phone 10
Ladies Silk Stockings
500 Pairs Ladies Silk Stockings. Regular $1.00, Mercury Chiffon and Service weights, mostly dark shades. *
Out they go at 69 CtS. per pair
At Campbell's Bay from Friday night ¦ to Monday night of each week. |
JAMBS A. MILLAR
IL.L.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, etc.
Hull, Que#
At Pontiac House, Shawville, every Wednesday afternoon.
At Moyle’s Hotel, CsmpbelPsBey, every Wednesday morning.
H. K. NEILSON, M.D.
9 A
ue
• #
Eye, Ear, Nose nod Throat Specialist
129 Main St
WeOICAL A UTS BUIL DIN 4

LEAGUE Schedule Wednesday, January 11th Fort Coulonge at Shawville „
OTTAWA. - ONT.
PHONE, 2- 7061
Ladles Dresses
25 Only Ladies Dresses taken from the regular stock values to $6.95.
Out they go at
Friday, January 12th Shawville at Campbell's Bay
Monday, January 10th Campbell's Bay at Fort Coulonge
Wednesday, January 18th Campbell's Bay at Shawville
Friday, January 20th Fort Coulonge at Campbell s Bay
Monday, January 23rd Shawville at Fort Coulonge
Wednesday, January 25tb • Fort Coulonge at Shawville
Friday, January 27th Shawville at Campbell's Bay
Monday, January 80th Campbell's Bay at Fort Coulonge
Wednesday, February 1st Ciimpbell’s Bay at Shawville
Friday, February 8rd ^ : * j Fort Coulonge at Campbell’s Bay
W. G. CHISNELL
Public Auctioneer Bailiff Superior Court
atUe
SHAWVILLE - QUE.
R. MILLER WALLACE
AVOCAT - BARRISTER
PHONE, MM
$2.49
ISO MAIN 8TNEET,
:| JI HULL, QUEBEC
Al Proudfoot’â Hotel, Jampbclls Bay, every Tuesday from $.00 to 4.80 p.m At Pàotiac House, Sbawvillt, every Toeeday from 5.00 to 6.00 p m.
Gordon T. Paul INSURANCE
Remnants
Yes all kinds of them
RSPBBSBNT1NG COMPANIES
Strong
Experienced
Dependable Through Generations
W. A. Hodgins, Lt d
CLARENCE T. BROWNLEE
RBPRB9KNTJNG
MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE Ce.
OF CANADA
Fhenete- 7,R. Shawville, Que-! SHAWVILLE
Shawville
Quebec
QUE
IL'


###PAGE###2###
King of Sweden Presents Nobel Prise to Pearl Buck
Quality Is Supetb
VOICE OF THE PRESS
News
Parade
By Elizabeth Ecdy



i
i

A
AND WRAPPED IN CELLOPHANE
A new piece of farm machinery Is an electric soil ehredder. Pretty soon when you buy an up-to-date farm you'll get It sliced, like a loaf. — Toronto Star.
¦YES ON INDIA: An added reason
behind Great Britain's deepening anxiety over Germany’s inroads Into Empire trade Is the knowledge that Hitler actually has his eyes British India! Looking east first to the Ukraine, the Fuehrer sees Constantinople beyond Bagdad India. British Board of Trade sources reveal that Germany has worked out a detailed campaign, already, to cut Into the India market, and that the Reich will shortly send Pundit Agnletrl, head of the Ger^ man-India Society of Vienna, with a group of German trade experts on a mission to India.
%
»
on
WATERED
Milk producers in the Brantford district are selling milk below the cost of production. In the old days with pumps. In vogue, they never would have had to do this. — Brantford Expositor.

Duchess Loses
Top Position
$70,000,000 Under
The Atlantic

World's Best Dressed W —Bolivien Princess Is Fash*
ion Queen
The Duchess of Windsor was dethroned as the queen of fashion In the annual poll of the Paris dressmakers when they selected Mme. Antenor Patino, “tin princess” for top position in their list of the world’s 10 best-dressed women.
Mme. Patino Is a daughter-In-law of Simon Patino, the Bolivian “tin millionaire” who Is famous 1a hie own right as one of the world’s richest men.
The Duchess was ranked second,
well ahead of the remainder of the field which Included her royal els-ter-in-law, Marina, Duchess of Kent. The best-dressed women who have the time and money to make an art of dressing themselves and really set the style pace of two continents, as picked by a poll of the French dressmaking trade are:
Mme. Antenor Patino.
The Duchess-of Windsor.
The Duchess of Kent
Baronne Eugene de Rothschild, the former Catherine Wolff, of Philadelphia.
The Begum Aga Khan.
Mrs. Harrison Williams.
The Marquise de Paris.
Mrs. Gilbert Miller.
Senora Martinez de Hoi.
Mme. Jean Dupuy, the former Dorothy Spreckles, of California.
66 Feet Down Off the North Const of the Dominican Republic
REMOVE LOCAL LOAD The Ontario government claims to be ready to pay 40 per cent, of the relief costs In Ontario If the Dominion government will do the same. This would leave 20 per cent for the municipalities — enough to see that the money Is spent wisely. — Chatham News.
THE TRANSIENT QUESTION: In
Canada the problem has become acute. Thousands and thousands of men trekking up and down
There Is a man In the Dominican Republic who knows where he can put his hand on $70,000,000 worth of gold and silver — but It isn’t as easy as “putting your hand" on it The treasure he has discovered Is <5 feet under the sea — and has been since 16321 At least so says Captain Craig, famous deep sea diver and explorer.
Work of Recovery Risky
He has made underwater pictures of two Spanish galleons encrusted in coral, lying off the North coast of Dominica, B.VV.I. It Is believed they sank after being driven there by a hurricane. Previous attempts at salvage have yielded $3,600,000 but efforts to remove the balance of this treasure will be difficult, stated Captain Craig, after months' survey.
Swift currents, coral as hard as cement, and vicious sharks make the divers' work hazardous.
young
the country, back and forth, begging food and shelter. The majority have long since ceased to look for work because they know there Is to be had, save the odd job
Jt
Ï i
MORE SCHOLARSHIPS WANTED
Mr. Paul Martin, M.P., expressed a truth when he said the université lea were full of students who shouldn't be there at all, while the other young people who would make the most of such an opportunity are unable to take advantage of the teaching. There Is a lot of readjusting to be done before there are equal rights to higher education. — Toronto Globe and Mall.
here and there, temporary employment in the summer time.
As the regulations stand now, if a young chap leaves his home locality for a summer job elsewhere, he finds on his return that the municipality no longer recognizes him am a resident. It frequently happens that a young fellow leaves home being told (sometimes officially) that there Is “plenty of work on the farms”, or in the north or In the west. Circumstances lead him down the road from respectability to loss of self-respect, and crime.
To attack this tremendous problem, a conference has been called by the Canadian Welfare Council for January 24th and 25th at Ottawa. The care of non resident and migrant men and families In Canada will be discussed by a representative national committee hope they can do something.
King Gustaf, of Sweden, is shown here as he formally presented the 1938 Notel Prize for Literature to Mrs. Pearl Buck, world famous authoress who wrote “The Good Earth". The prize consisted of a parchment certificate bound in tooled leather, the Nobel medal and a cheque for about $37,976. Mrs. Buck, when first told of the distinction •henad won, was completely taken by surprise.
on
WHEAT AND AUTOS
What good crops and new money for wheat mean to Eastern Canada Is exemplified In a press despatch which tells of Southern Alberta automobile shopping parties to Ontario. Parties of from eight to twenty are being made up bound for the eastern automotive centres to take
Moose Jaw
three
Almanac Sees
Crises Ahead
Electric Fence Controls Herds
Plenty Of Raw
Salt Out West
Periodical Whose Predictions Are Read By Thousands of Britons Has Gone Gloomy On Them
delivery of new cars Times Herald.
One-Wire Type Carrying Low Voltage Current is Approved By O.A.C.
We
LOVELY GIRLS
There may be plenty of beautiful girls in the South. There undoubtedly are. but those people who live in the South or who go down there each Winter, miss something really worth while. They miss the unequalled beauty of a Canadian girl's complexion atfer she comes In from a walk, skate or ski party In the crisp winter air. We aren't an authority on beauty but we’ll match our Canadian red-cheeked girls against the sun tanned southern belles any day in the week and remain reasonably confident of the outcome. There's something about winter winds that adds to the beauty of our women. — Lindsay Post,
Extraction, However, is Quite
Difficult
Europe will experience new crises during April ind June of next year which will lead to a grave threat of war In September but President Roosevelt of the United States will Intervene and prevent the outbreak of a new world conflict. Foulsham's “Old Moore’s Almanac.” predicts.
Walker's edition, known simply as “Old Moore,” also has been Issued with a doleful list of predictions for 1939 but It placed the new European crisis In July and believed the centre of danger will be In the Mediterranean.
Both almanacs have been popular for years and their prediction# are read by thousands of Britons.
Foulsham's sees danger of war In 1939 between the United States and Japan In December- and believes that Russia may be Involved.
More Surrenders
Other predictions Include:
A British cabinet crisis In February., serious labor disturbances In the United States throughout the year, an economic boom In the United States, a “period of decline” for Italian dictator Benito Mussolini, the assassination of ”a m her of the German government” In January, a general election In Britain 1b the spring and a crisis regarding German and Italian demands for colonies during August resulting In the “surrender of some possessions by Britain and alee France.”
IT MATTERS TO US: The average Canadian was thrown into a pretty genuine dither by the Czechoslovak crisis in September when war seemed so close. But he has given little thought to the more important (now) conflict in Spain and what its outcome is going to mean to him.
Far-off and localized, that war In Spain? Not on your life! Don't call it a civil conflict, either. The Spanish government may well symbolize democracy in a struggle to the death with Its powerful epemy, fas-siem (as represented by Mussolini Hitler). A victory for Franco In Spain will mean the fall of Spain's sister democracy, France; then the entire continent of Europe will drop like a ripe plum Into the laps of the Rome Berlin conspirators.
It has been said frequently the past couple of months that “Europe was lost in 1938.” Not altogether we hope. Not yet. But when Europe does go, America comes next. And that means us.
One-wire electrical fences, becoming popular with farmers In Canada and the United States, are approved by two members -of the Faculty of the Ontario Agricultural College whose opinions are given In the current Issue of the O. A. C. monthly magazine.
Dr. O. McConkey, of the Field Husbandry Department, describes the fence, a single strand of wire through which courses low voltage current, as “a cheap, effective, method of controlling grazing, thereby uUlslng feed more effectively and preventing waste and uneven freeing which ocurs when animals are allowed to wander at will over a large field.”
Prof. W. C. Blackwood, head of the department of agricultural engineering, said the fence was “one of the most Interesting and most useful pieces of Ontario farm equipment.” He added that the Ontario Hydro-Elecrlc Power Commission has withheld permission to connect the fences to Its power lines until more detailed tests for safety of operation have been made.
The job of extracting raw salt from alkali lakes of Saskatchewan is a hard one, J. W. Miller, Edmonton farmer, who operates a plant for extracting soda sulphate from one of these lakes at Pala, Bask., said at Winnipeg las; week.
“There are 120,000,000 tons of raw salt in the alkali lakes of Saskatchewan but just try to get some of it. it's the toughest job I ever tried,” he said.
Pump Briiy From Lakes “We pump the brine out ot the lake. It looks simple but it's tricky. If the sun goes under a cloud during the pumping, the brine freezes in the pipe. We have to pump at an Increasing temperature all the time”
Hasten the Work
Of Dish-Washing
There’s no hard and fast rule about dishwashing but, generally speaking, most housewives find the task expedited by washing them in the following order: glasses, silver, cups and saucers, plates, platters and serving dishes; then kitchen cutlery and lastly cooking utensils.
Stacking and storing the leftover food before washing the dishes gives more room in the kitchen to work, and soaking the cooking utensils as soon as they are emptied eliminates a lot of scrubbing and polishing.
Youth : One Crop That Never Fails
By Fred Neher
LIFE’S LIKE THAT
WILl-YUK
Betterment of World Rests on Their Education, Says» Head of Saskatchewan University
A

•• r
THE WEEK'S QUESTION:	Are
Canada's sales to the United States increasing? Answer:	The Domin-
ion's exports to the U. S. In November 1938, totalled 135,584,371; a rise of $4,295,872 over the same month in ii937. Note a big Jump In number of beef cattle (weighing over 700 lbs.) shipped across the border — twelve times as many were exported to the U. 9. In November of 1938.
Saskatchewan has one crop that never fails — the crop of young life — Dr. J. 9. Thompson, president of the University of Saskatch-ewsn, said In an address at York-ton last week.
“There may be some periods of drought and frustration of hopes but the crop of young life never falls,” he said.
Betterment of the ' world could only be looked for through the proper education of the "present crop” of young people. They must be educated in terms of human welfare; not to fhe welfare of the Individual.
Betterment of Human Welfare
He felt “the mess we are in today” might be the result of education — the work of professors In research being misapplied.
Early discoveries had been exploited; stupendous wealth created and power gained by men which in turn had developed a world of selfishness and fear.
More education was the only cure but this would only come through instruction In the use of the “wondrous new gifts for the use of God’s glory and the betterment of human welfare."
•fir
Approve Large North Ontario Works Program
S3
e

$

<
A

A $2,000,000 emergency works program for northern and northwestern Ontario, cost of which Is to be shared equally by the Ontario and Federal Governments has been approved by Labor Minister Rogers.
The program, designed to cope with unemployment caused by a ¦harp drop in pulp-cutting operations In those parts of the province, will provide for highway construction, forestry conservation and other works.

•A
Ottawa Has Eye On Y our Stomach
B
Say North Pole I» Warming Up


* j
)
Dominion Department of Agriculture Inspectors Are Active Keeping Watch on All Food For Canada’s Tables
MOSCOW.—The North Pole is warming up, the Soviet Weather Bureau reported last week.
Ten years of observations la the Arctic, according to the Bureau show that surface water temperature is higher each year and ice correspondingly decreasing.
The Bureau said it was not known whether the trend wan periodic or progressive.
0

•.
a

3$
©
The Dominion Department of Agriculture has an eye on your stomach. Guardians of the public health, the department’s Inspectors keep a close watch on the food that makes Its way to the nation’s dining room table.
White-coated inspectors maintain hawk-eyed vigilance In the slaughterhouses to make sure that victims of the butcher’s knife were healthy animals and birds and free from the taint of tuberculosis or other diseases. The rubber stamp on the flesh, “Canada Approved” Is a gilt-edged guarantee of healthy meat.
The official eye pries ceaselessly Into shipments of fruits and vegetables moving from one province to another or across the Dominion’s borders bound for Canadian markets. The fruits and vegetables must pass rigid tests, and the grade or quality must be clearly marked for all consumer? to read.
Agents of the department In foreign countries scrutinise inspection services there and make their own investigations before such countries are permitted to ship food to Canada. It Is not a matter of red tape but a most thorough system of protection of the health of hungry Canadians.
Canned foods come under rigid Inspection for purity, quality and grading. Jams, for Instance, must contain certain percentages of pure fruit with the pectin, or apple pulp, used to provide bulk.
12,000 Men Now Idle In December representations were made by members of the House of Commons for the Northers Ontario and head of the lakee areas on behalf of some 12,000 mem, now idle, who would normally be employed In pulp-cutting operations at this time of year.
I
V
4-11
T*# J556S
*'J always .take a brisk ride before breakfast.”
By L. Frank Baum
WONDERLAND OF OZ


7
-s


r.
(
y
te
kV
e#

Vi
%

%
X

A
I
!

l
•e
Té
./i

••
/

z




vVv
l
:y.:>XV
At the conclusion of ths son* thsy ran up a handsome flag on a tall flag pole and the people of the rll-lage shouted as loudly as they really could, although, of cour*», their voicea ware not especially strong. Mies Cuttanciip was about to make her subjects a speech in reply to this patriotic song, when Uncle lien-
The paper dolls were mowed down by the dosen, and blew In every direction, tumbling this way and that, and getting wrinkled and bent. A wall of terror c
It was Indeed an amaslng place when one considered that It was all done with aoteeors. and the visitors were full of admiration for the skill
of little Mise Cuttanciip. in one place a group of especially nice paper dolls assembled to greet i>elr queen, whom It was easy to as« they loved dearly. Thane dolls maiched end danced before ths visitors and then they all waved paper flags tend sang In a sweet chorus a song named : "The Flag of Our Native Land "
"It dose net rain here," replied
Misa Cuttanciip. Gtihda k
an
away, no I never
the rain ato
have In worry, about my dolls getting wet But now If you will come
with me, show you over Of course you I
from the
M r n* and Miss Cuttanciip hurried at once to the rescue of her overturned people. ‘Oh. Uncle Hen how Oouid your* asked Dorothy. *1 couldn't help It really 1 couldn't/*
he protested, looking ashamed And 1 had no idea It took so little te upset these paper dolls."

rest*
oat go slow
avoid making any bread#/* 1
3i3*wSF *
sJ
powerful eneeser at any he had tried so hard to hold this sneese that when It suddenly exploded the result was terrible.
loud and
our
Mme and
###PAGE###3###
Husband* Hate
Foolish Habits
Heated Com Crib Checking Your Keeps Seed Well Light System
Eskimo Igloos
Non-Existent
Deer Hu Horn Like a Unicorn
How Can I?
of
Surrey of ¦ Large N
Men Show. IV. the Little
*
Faulty Wiring ». At AU Ti
Dangerous
The heraldic unicom existe, or did. North Sydney (N.S.) resident* were treated to a epe< tacit when they saw the body of a one-horned beast Isshed to Captain Cheeky Anderson's car. By all the laws of nature it shouldn’t even have had one horn.
The doe, for such it was, had a small horn growing from the side of its forehead as if it had started to grow a set of antlers and then gave up the Ides. The branch was only half grown and the points, little more than knobs, were covered with the most usually found on a dear’s antlers early in the year.
Glacier Priest Declares Also the Most Natives Avoid Hollywood System of Wife-Swap-
Kiiijiyllh Farmer Thinks the System Will Pay for Itself
Things That Are Most Irri-
BV ANNE ASHLEY
Careful check should be made of the light and power equipment in a new home or in modernizing an existing house. In the case of old dwellings, such a check is doubly recommended. The original installations may have become worn or damaged. T he services of a competent electrician should be employed to avoid mistakes which might prove costly and hazardous.
A wiring system, if permitted to remain neglected, may prove to be a dangerous fire hazard.
“Life On Mart”
Says Scientist
H. G. Wells, Edgar Rice Burroughs, and Other writers of fantastic tales about adventures among the Martians,. have been vindicated by Dr. Knut Lundmark, director of the Lund Observatory in Sweden.
There is life on Mars, declares Dr. Lundmark—and not only on Mars, but on some of the other planets. "If matter is uniformly distributed,” he says in "Sky”, "and other worlds are built in the same way as ours, then, philosophically speaking, it is inconceivable that ours should be the only one on which there is life.”
fating
To protect hie seed-corn from frost damage during the period It la being oared. Howard R. Sellers, Kingsville, Ont., district farmer, has developed a new type corn crib which quickens the curing by applied heat
The crib, of large and unique stricture, la equipped with air-eon-ditkmlng through two coal furnaces aid electrically fanned sir. structure was planned by Mr. Sellers with the help of W. W. Lennox, head of the department of agriculture seed branch at Toronto.
Protects Against Frost Built last year, the crib warrant-
of $70* for building la the first season by producing the
Pint
A survey was recently made among a largo number of American husbands, says Julia Martin In “Successful Living”. The questions asked were about the habits or traits that irritated and Just what each one would like to have changed in his partner.
One of the questions asked was this: Has your wife any habits to which you objectr Forty-five men said “No" or "Nothing serious, ” while the rest of them made more than a hundred complaints on the subject of various habits.
Those Mannerisms
Eighteen of the men objected to some physical habit or mannerism, or something connected with dressing, washing, and so forth. So of these traits are laughably trivial but somehow their constant repetition at close range gets under the skin. Snoring for example, that's one of the objections; and It can get on a person’s nerves with constant repetition as well as being Ignored by the use of s little will power, or, bettor still, corrected by a slight operation. Several men said the only habit they objected to was the habit of biting the finger-nails when tense or nervous. Others said their wives kept petting their hair to see that It was In order, or kept running their hands through It.
Q. How can 1 soften putty In a window frame?
A. By stirring together two lbs. of sal-soda, one-half pound lime, la one gallon of hot water. Apply while still warm to both sides of the glass and let it remain for 1* hours. The glass can then be removed without cutting. The amount of solution given is sufficient for a number of windows.
Q. How can 1 keep brass articles from tarnishing?
bed or other articles of bras# will not tarnish, and frequent polishing will be avoided, if the brass is lacquered with gum shellac dissolved In alcohol. Apply with a small brush.
Q. How can I have smoother cheese when grating it for sauces?
A. Chese used for sauce or macaroni will be smoother If It Is run through the food chopper Instead of grating it, using a medium knife In the chopper,
Q. How can 1 avoid wringing out cloths used for hot applications?
A. When hot cloths are needed for application to relieve pain, put them in the upper part of a seamer wlh the water boiling underneath. This method will eliminate wringing out the cloths.
Q. How can 1 economize in the of eggs when making custard?
A. When the custard recipe calls for several eggs, one or more eggs
Exploding "misrepresentations of Eskimo life," Bernard Hubbard, the “glacier priest," said the only Igloo In Alaska was a Hollywood Importation, and quoted the Eskimo film actor. Mala, as saying “there Is more wife trading In Hollywood than there Is among the Eskimos."
"I have travelled from the Canadian border to the polar reglops," said the Internationally • known Jesuit explorer, “and the only igloo I found was one erected by Hollywood for a movie.
“There are Igloos In Labrador, but Alaskan Eskimos have to read about them in American geographies."
Films and books depleting the Eskimo sa a “wife-trader,” he said, were ‘‘unfair" to the Eskimo, since the “wife-trader Is the exception and not the rule." .
The Jesuit who described civilisation as “‘cblselixatlon," said he would be glad to get back to the territory of the King Islanders on the Bering Sea, "where for 60 years there never has been a murder, and never a suicide, and where gossip Is unknown, even among the women."
The
ed its
Thirty Years Ago
seed corn that tested 91 per cent
germination. Using the crib for the
y
eecond time, this fall, Mr. Sellers
Cam You Realise That m the “Good Old Days” Nobody Wore a Wrist Watch?
believe# that It will pay for Itself within tea years.
The Kitchener Record has a long list of things that happened or did sot happen thirty years ago and moat of the Items certainly can be Interpreted In terms of progress for the present day. thought provokers:
Nobody wore white shoes.
Most young men had “livery bills."
Farmers came to town for their mall.
The heavens were not full of man-birds.
Nor the seas alive with underwater boats.
The hired girl drew one-fifty a week and was happy.
The butcher "threw in" a chunk of liver.
The merchant “threw In" a pair of suspenders with every suit
Nobody “listened in" on the telephone.
Straw stacks were burned Instead of baled.
Publishing a country newspaper was not a business; It was a dueling game.
The safety razor had not introduced the clean-shaven face.
The radio did not give people the Jitters by broadcasting an invasion by the Martians.
Static was unknown.
And the picture could be drawn with more elaboration and fidelity to conditions. What about the five cent shave, the cast Iron standards for hitching the horses and dust and mud on he streets, the wooden sidewalks, the backyard wells and the nearby outhouses, the horse pump ind trough in the towns?
What Science
* k Doing *
Here are the
SEEDLESS MELON A seedless watermelon has been developed by a 27-year-old Chinese graduate student at Michigan State College. This young scientist explained elimination of the seeds was accomplished by the use of growth-promoting hormones in dilute acids.
Mosquito Weight Champions Stage Exhibition Bout
use
Bxpect Invasion _ _ ^
Of Grasshoppers spoon of cornstarch is added fer
____ I each egg omitted.
Another Plague is Forecast for Saskatchewan for 1939


-
W
<

SEEING IN THE DARK A new use has been found for cod liver oil—drink It and you can see at night like a cat.
At least that is the result of experiments of Dr. Margaret Cam-mak Smith, nutrition chemist of the University of Arizona, in attempting to cure “night blindness,” a peculiar condition that develops in the eye from a lack of regeneration of “pigment purple” a vitamin A substance.
The blindness can be corrected hi children hy use of cod liver oil# Dr. Smith says.



m
V
Students Mock
Italian Claims
A wider and more severe grasshopper plague in Saskatchewan In 1939 is forecast by entomologists. K. M. King, A P. Arnason and Lome Paul, entomologists in charge of the Dominion Entomology Laboratory at Saskatchewan University, said at a university meeting an increase in infestation was probable.
An increase was reported possible in the area likely to be affected by pale western cutworm and wheat stem sawfly, with possible minor invasions of Say's grain bug and the billbug in localized areas.
Mr. Paul, discussing the grasshopper situation, said practically the entire agricultural area of Saskatchewan was now infested with grasshoppers. In only two areas, south of Maple Creek and in the extreme northeast part of the province, was there little or no infestation.




?

W
A group of British students last week staged a burlesque of Italian demands for French territory by marching through Gordon Square in Bloomsbury, London, England, behind a big banner proclaiming “We want America!”
A large crowd was attracted by the students who chanted their slogan in unison and rang bells to attract attention.

1




wm1



%
»
1
Wk


—o—
cow
CARBON, FUEL FOR SUN Discovery that carbon, the stuff that makes coal, is the source of


S

PAINFUL TO BEND
A JOINT
the heat of the sun was announc-

ed at Cornell University, Ithaca, N.Y., last week.
On earth man burns only the eutaide of the carbon atom. In the sun this atom's nucleus “burns”. The nucleus gives many million times more heat than the “outside”.
How the sun can give so much heat without burning up has been one of the great puzzles of science. Scientists find that its size and heat are not even diminishing over millions of years.




I

Hospital Case of Rheumatism
The value of perseverance with Kruschen, in the treatment of some cases of rheumatism, is proved by this man’s experience. He says :—
“I was abroad for over seven years. When 1 returned I began to suffer from rheumatic pains— particularly in the feet and arms, and I was eventually taken into hospital, unable to move without groaning with pain. When 1 left the hospital after two months, I was somewhat better. I was recommended to take Kruschen Salts, have taken them continuously, and until now I am entirely free from pains, i would not be without my Kruschen Salts for anything.” —

>
Eskimos Using Airmail Widely


t p*
i
»
They're Sending Letters to Each Other in the Eastern Arctic —Use Phonetic Characters


Varsity Men
Found Taller
Two of Ottawa’s youngest and gamest pugilists, Leonard Morris, LEFT, and Paul Lapointe, RIGHT, staged an impromptu three rounds bout for the benefit of Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., screen star, during I * first visit to the Csnadian capital, where he was the guest of Lo Tweedsmuir. Both boxers are Just six years old and if they take big breath are just able to tip the beam at 40 pounds.
hie
rd
Canada’s Eskimo population Is making Increasing use of the malls, according to officials of the Sisters Arctic Patrol. Letters ex* Messages between widely separated Eskimo families now form a considerable part of the mail carried by the R. M. fl. Nascople on the annual cruise to posts along Hudson Strait and Bay and on the islands of the Arctic Archipelago.
In the Islands of Arctic Most of the correspondence between the Eskimos is carried on in the syllabarlum which makes use of some sixty phonetic characters, and Is more adaptable to the formation of Eskimo words than the English alphabet which often makes their words long and cumbersome. The natives of the Eastern Arctic are proud of their ability to read and write the syllabarlum, and delight In making use et the postal facilities to communicate with their relatives and friends.
a great
Than Freshmen in Eleven American Universities—U. of T. Has the Highest Average m History
Modern
Etiquette
Hitler Guards
His Eyesight
HAVE
University of Toronto freshmen stand first In height as compared with those of eleven American universities, according to the annual report of Dr. George D. Porter, director of university health services for men, told the Globe and Mall.
“They stand second In weight," he adds. “The general upward trend In height and weight Is very noticeable over the past sixteen years."
BY ROBERTA LEE
MB.
Two of the salts in Kruschen are effectual solvents of uric acid the excess of which is decidedly injurious. They swiftly dull the sharp edges of the painful crvstaln —the cause of pain and stiffness —and convert them into a harmless solution, which is then expelled through the natural channels.
aRD
Now Use Classer, But Does Not Wear Them in Public
1.	On what sized hill when dining. W
“ten per cent.” rule?
2.	Should a man always rise for an Introduction?
5.	Whose name comes first when a man and his wife sign their aames to Christmas cards?
4. la It rude tor a person to begin putting on hie wrspe before the last curtain falls at the theatre?
6.	When a bride has no parens or near relatives, whe should be
supposed to apply the
HE
News pictures recently have acquainted the German public with the fact that Reichsfuehrer Hitler# whe was almost blinded during the World War, now wears glasses on occasion.
His eyes are an important asset ts Hitler and recently he has tak-
res to protect them. Beginning with the pictures of the signing ef the Munich accord ef September 29th he has been
I. War
But the fuehrer stiJi goes without glasses in public. His followers say that much of his influence is based on the almost hypnotic effect of his glance.
Hitler almost lost his vision during the World War, when ho was gassed. The room In a hospital at Pasewalk, Pommern (Pomerania), where his sight gradually returned has become a national shrine visited by many ardent Nazis.
There was a young man of Mauritius
Whe used to get frightfully vit lus Whenever his spouse Walked out of the house And left him to wash up the ditins.
Average Height, 6’ **"
The average height of the first-year students was 6 feet 9% Inches, and the average weight 144% pounds — the highest average in the history of the university.
“Thep hysical condition of a large majority of students is excellent, only nineteen being unfit for physical training. This Is tbs best record we have ever had."
REMEMBER
• • • ?
1
•
C. What should one say when one
A lawyer was asked by a
maw friend what was the difference between a solicitor and
before the others have finished eat-
Weefcly while la
Mg?
Monocles Aren’t
English Custom
ANSWERS
1. Wham the bill amounts to |Uf
“Precisely the earns," he re-
am alligator."
than this, the tip may be 10c, lie.
Although the “traditional Englishman” is always portrayed abroad as wearing a monocle and many Englishmen do, in fact, favour a single eyeglass, the custom M • Continental one rather than ish. Contrary to genera' be-most monocles are not worn merely as ornaments (except by dandies), but are actually single eyeglasses. It was once supposed that a glass for one eye would also reduce the strain on the other eye.
26c, Jest as one wishes.

The vacuum cleaner man, having finished hie demonstration, turned with a beaming smile and showed the housewife the amount of debris which had bedh extracted. HjpM “Oh, my goodness, isn't that awful!" said the woman. <T11 have to get rid of that carpet and put dowi linoleum.”
I
Classified Advertising
2. Tea, regardless of whether he 9s being Introduced to a woman or and regardless of age.
2. Whenever the titles Mr. and
Mrs. are used together as a name the Mr. comes first.
4. Tee, It Is rude and inconsiderate. If It la absolutely necessary to leave before the final curtain, probably to catch a certain train, one should leave aa quickly and quietly I a# possible, and then put on the I wraps at the back of the theatre. ' I
I. Am old friend of he family, per lape a close friend of her father. I
2?
I’ATF.NTS
EXHIBITION GAIDERI
AN OFFER TO EVER? INVENTOR. List of Inventions end full Information sent free. The Ramsay Company, Registered. Patent Attorneys, 271 Rank Ht. Ottawa. Can.
LARGE. PURE BRED. EXHIBITION Toulon*# Gander». $4.69 each. Carl Diehl, Clinton. Ontario.
A Hollywood screen octrees
HAIR GOODS
l»KR#0*AL
Deer Had Silver Filling In Teeth
WIGS. TOUPBS. TRAN8FORMA-tlone. Switches, Curia, and el! types ef finest quality Hair GocJs. Write for Illustrated catalogue. Confidential terms arranged. Toronto H ¦ an Hair Supply Co, 628 Bathurst. Toronto.
HIGH IU.06MtihK*ftvnK
QUIT TOBACCO. SNUFF. FaSJLT, Inexpensively. Home Remedy. Testimoniale. Guaranteed. Advice Bartlett's, Box 1, Winnipeg.
thyet, beryl and chrysolite neck-lace. One theory le that In the Interests ef publicity she la running through her Jewellery In alphabetical order.	1
2 * # d	t awBN^******. .<T	9 T '• '? ' - .5
“How Is roar brother getting ete. Tern know, the on# who a doctor r
Of 268,000,000 coins issued by the British Mint last year 10#,-000,000 were pennies.
DULUTH, Minn.—This story

is
Lloyd C. Dathe’s m, MlniL,T
PURE BRED SCOTCH COLUS Pups nicely marked. Heelers, g anteed. males $9. f- males $4. J Cheeney, Bright, Ontario.


Clean metal candlesticks ' tly by painting them with a lacquev after thoroughly Or, If you like, rub a Utile ©lire oil over them after
tils will keep them time. Treat metal
he’s going to stick to it: Lester Munter, a hunter, shot a four-year-old doe. It had, he told Datho, silver fillings in its teeth. A dentist and a veterinarian said so, too. Probably, Da the theorised, the doe bit into some feed containing silver, and filled its cavities as it ate. No one has advanced an alternative possibility.
HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE—WRITE for tree booklet end full particulars regarding oor amaalngly easeful hyblood treatment, greed Product». Sank»toon.
oumufoi REPAIRS
rvm •••
m
SEND US TOUR TRACTOR MAONB-to and Generator Repaire, vfe save
ins
afford to tell some of his patients that there la nothing wrong with

H
WESTERN CAR ADA
BELL'S HEAVES POWDERS WILL give Immediate relief. Simply mix In Horses* feed. Price 14 Powders 41.11. Poet Paid. With fr^ book on *Aalesal Alimenta." Bell & So##.
ed'fines. Verdun
IMPROVED EQUIPPED SECTION Farm In Central Esetcrn Alberta park area, railway village one mile, beet abundant water, clear title, all f*eh large #i!*count; me agsnte; retiring. Box 14. Amish. Alber t
“What exaetiy happens whan
First of its kind in Ireland, a
will provide non-a!-at country fairs as
warm water?” asks a doctor.

###PAGE###4###
—

Gloves of Long Ago H*«# ,
a Variety of Meaivng*
There is amusement in tracing names of some of our most famh** and necessary articles of dot!) n«* Take gloves, for instance The won gloves is said by some writer* t« be derived from the Belgic ghelnovt (faithfulness) because gloves wet* a testimony of faith, or from g’f* Jove, since gloves were so often gift* of love.
Another ancient writer think* thr word might come from goe hand, plus the Anglo Saxon meaning “ober” meaning over t e cause they were worn over the A mure modern author^ says it is from the Gallic ceil, to cover, and lamb, the hand, pro nounced ceil lav or klav and then glove.
Wherever the name came from the indisputable fact remains that glove à must have been in use when Zngiand was in its infancy, and tvetx> worn either for warmth or pro ‘ection, observes a writer in the Montreal Herald. Once the cere monial of gloves was so elaborate and general that every grade of so viety was in some measure under ;ts rule. Gloves protected the business of merchant or peddler. They were a general pledge of security Gloves conveyed defiance from one ving to another. They had also o order meaning and were chosen as a token of faith between lovers. On he bench, in the court of laws, they ienoted probity. In the church the •love denoted purity. A knight wore dainty glove in his helmet to re nind him of his absent “dearling " Vnd of course Indies of the hautt non Je wore the most entra nr ire ind enchanting gloves imaginab e
THE EQUITY
HODGINS
Gr-A.R-A.GhB
We Recommend
3

SHAW VILLE, JAN. 12.1938
South Onslow Council
January 3rd, 1939
A regular meeting of the Municipal il held on the above date, at the
All member»
$1.80 Per 100 lbs.
Monarch 18 per cent Dairy Ration
$2.00
Buick, Oldsmobile,
Service
M
•24 '*	"
€ *
Chevrolet,
Sales
$2.15
LOUOCI
usual place of meeting
were present.
On motion of Crs Young and Mem M the minute* of last regular and pedal meetings were adopted aa read. The committee appointed to dea with Harkless Mulligan reported that they had placed him at John Robinson1* at the rate of $14. ^r month.
Motion —Cra Clarke and Smiley— That this Council approves of the action •f the committee in placing Harklee* Mulligan at John Robinsons and that Mulligan be notified to that effect. Carried.
On motion of Crs. Smiley and Weat-.r.ooke, the following bills were ordered paid, viz :
VV. F. Fleming, board of Council, $ 7.00 Hard ley Uouncil*~60% County road 185 13 A. Kennedy, travelling W. Westbrooko, travelling M. Muldoon, travelling
On motion of Crs. Smiley the Council
adjourned.
82 *
Big 4 Dairy F.-vd
Milkmaker 18 pci cunt Dairy Feed
Ration
•Monarch 42 per cent Hog Supplement $3.00
Pig starter Ilog Grower
II
tri
X
$1.75
ooe
>
s

$1.65
$1.80
\
Î
and
I 4
24 "
• 4
X
\
X
PREVENT DAMAGE
$2.15 "
X
4 4
$1.90
I#
#**
\
I
These Feeds are all made by The Maple Leaf Milling Company on the open formula basis. The kind and amount of each ingredient is printed on every bag. You can see and know exactly what you arc paying for.
Mr
Prevent damage to your Oar by having us fill your radiator with
B VERB AD Y PRB STONE It is the most reliable.
Enjoy comfortable Winter driving by installing Hot Water Heater and Defroster.
Drop in and ask for information.
Our stock of Heaters, Defrosters, Batteries and Anti freeze is complete.
X
\
6 00
3.00
\
3 00
x
X
x
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO., REC'D.
\
Jos. A. Stbkle
Sec-Treas
x
X
1
Clarendon Council
X
X
Shawville Council
January 3rd, 1030 Regular meeting of Clarendon Coun-il was held on the above date. Tranent: Mayor Barr and Councillors Judd, XVheleu, Macfarlane and Connolly. Minutes of last meeting read and ap-)ved on motion of Crs. Connelly and
s
Roy G. Fraser

V
3rd January, 1935
h
The regular meeting of the Municipal Council y as held at Hynes* Hall on the above date.
Present : Mayor Argue in the chair ; Councillors R. P. Eade*, Cotie, McDowell, A. O. Hides and Woodley.
The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved on motion of Crs.
Flowers, Gifts, Novelties
Sam Houston Spent Years
Among Cherokee Indians
Sam Houston, famed for his role in early Texas history, xvas frequently a champion of the Red Man.
X
RENFREW, ONT.
Box 880
J. L. HODU1NS
l
Judd.
Cr. Hanna entered and took his seat it the Board.
Motion—Crs. Hanna and Macfarlane
—That the following bills be approved and paid :—
» 'orp. of Litchfield .......
John Hodgins, work on Otter
Lake road..............
r rank Bray, milk to Favercau.
Win. Chisnell, serving warrants H. II. Elliott, balance on cedars ‘edlar People, snow fence ....
Adam Elliott, Black Creek bridg Shawville Nursing Home, for Nancy Hollis	¦¦
Phone 180
x

Phone 64 J.
L
As a boy in Tennessee, Houston, upon his father’s death, became , friendly with the Cherokee Indians Cotie-McDowell
and spent several years with them The following bills were submitted to as an adopted sen of Chief Ooloo- Council for consideration teka.	Balance on Sixth line ...
trnor Gibson’s	.....
hay for Mrs

Distinctive Flower Styling, that’s our business. We in vite your patronage. On orders of $1.00 or over, phone us collect. On orders of $5.00 or over, phone us collect we shall prepay.
$141.38
Tenders Wanted
Tenders will bs received up to noon, Wednesday, Jan y IS, 1039, for ft quantity of good cedar Telephone Poles, 2i and 24 feet, not less than (i inches at Volos must be good sound grain
$ 211 15
Minutes of Council Ons
low North
35.80
19.80
0 01
Later, when he x Terrn e, Houston resigned his of- J. M. Arg'-.f
Howard
6.05
G 05
4 00
ficc and returned to live with his Indian friends, writes Leslie Hartley \ Lloyd Dagg
Bruce INfitl
In 1830, and again in 1832, when Elliott he visited the capital to expose Wilson a Garage. • •.	• • ;
frauds practiced upon the Cherokees I ** ^ mo * ^otectixc Ass n
by government agents, Houston’s I Mrs. H. Howard . . . ...........
six-foot-txvo figure in Indian clothes i ^ A. Dagg ........• • • • •
attracted a great deal of attention. | ^aUlv^.	uuJ
Kudos, that the foregoing bills be paid —Carried.
Moved by Crs. McDowell and A. O Hides, that Sydney B. Hodgins be up-1 i pointed auditor for the year 11*38.
Carried.	f
Moved by Crs R. P, H ides and XX cod-f lev, that the Secretary consult counsel
I I ¦	â	, , J , . and obtain legal advice regarding inter-
After the raw troops he led had j ferCnce with town constable.-Carried. | uted Santo Anna's force. Houston Moved by Crs Woodley and Cotie,
-iS o- ^ tvd î ‘resident of the iib- ||IC Council take advantage of thi atvJ 5tjle ana later, xynen Texas 0ffer 0f the local agronomist regarding1
the United bta.es, treatment of cattle within the tnunici-mato: ar.d me n a> 1 pality for the bot-fly or heel fly.—Cur d.
Moved by Crs. McDowell and Cotie, that the Secretary call for tenders for ; snow plowing and rolling for W inter months.—Carried.
Moved by Crs Cotie and McDowell, that the Secretary Treasurer’s salary be increased $50.00 per annum.—Carried.
Motion Crs. Woodley and Cotie, odjfurn.
22.48
January 3rd, 1939 Andrew Daley, Mayor and
184.10
4G.50
4 GO
in the Washington Star
1i1 -- n
Councillors Harrell and Armilage-.
The perseribed time having elapsed and not any quorum it was moved by Crs. Farrell and Armitage that this Council adjourn until Feb. Oth, 1939, nt one o’clock in the afternoon.—Curried
i
top.
cedar
9 HO
1 40
32.00
Tenders are also asked for a supply of good body hardwood—birch, beech or maple—22 inches long, suitable for furnace. Apply to
15 00
*• ui
Motion—Cra. Connelly and Whelen— That Cr. Judd be ap)*oinu-d to preside U the Nomination of Mayor and Conn* illoraon Wednesday, Jan. lltb : also *t Electif non Jan. 16th, it necessary.— Carried.
Messrs. L. A. Smart and Pert y Dagg
00
55 00 8 00
r. r.
Pii3riî an/time between 7 a, m
and 11 pm.
* THOMAS EADE8,
President
Pontiac Rural Telephone Co., Ltd
It was shortly after the latter visit to Washington that President Jack- ; son commissioned him to negotiate treaties with the Indian tribes in ppeared at the Board and complained I Texas. Having decided to remain that there was not enough w'ork in their there. Houston was chosen corn-division t » keep the road in shape. It mander in chief of the Texas army
XX, T. Crick’s I ai	outbreak of the v ar for
work to that I Texan Independence
Asfttew Fabrct.l,
Sec-Tr cas

1939 FORD CARS AND NEW MERCURY 8
1
$ decided
1 Kenneth Brownie Curried.
-Crs. Judd and Hanna—That
division.
Motior
this Board advertise for cedar squares 3 > x S and 6 x 6, three quarters to 8 x 8,
12 and 1G feet iong. Five per cent, may be * feet long. Tenders to l»e in the hands of the Secretary Jan. 20th, 1939.—Carried
Motiuu—Crs. Judd and Macfarlane—
That Mayor Barr be allowed $25.00 fori why voters Must Register ¦¦during the year 1938.—Carried. I xVith the rise of large cities fol-Motion — Crs Mac,«rime and I lowing tiie Civil war and the in-l.vlly—That this Council will not re- crease of immigration, election cognize any bills in future that are over frauds became rampant. As early <no yeai^a^ron^at^f issue.	| as 1800 Massachusetts enacted a
registration law which was designed Motion—Crs XXhelen and Judd to to prevent illegal voting as well as
Mjourm—violence at the polls. The other
New England states followed the lead of Massachusetts within a few years, but outside of this section registration laws were delayed until after the Civil war, when election frauds became so general that reg-
January 3rd, 1939 I Between 1860 and 1890 practically The regular session cn Bristol Munich ill ot the states adopted some form pal Council was held on the above date. | of registration of voters, though in Present : Mayor Woods and Councillors a number of states the requirement Fitzsimmons, Grant, Henderson and I was limited to cities.
Walsh.
The minute» of last meeting were
road and approved on motion of Crs. I Progress of the Steamboat Henderson and Fitzsimmons, with the On August 17. 1807. Robert Fulton following amendment to resolution No. ?ailed the Clermont, the world's 4, passed on Dec. 5th, 1938 :	That first successful steamboat, up the
resolution No. 5, passed on Nov. 7th, Hudson river, and following this the 1988, be rescinded and that the road use of steam in propelling vessels foreman be instructed to lay out an- came into use along the Atlantic
other XVinter road across lot 29, range 2.1 coast. But it remained for the
—Carried.	Savannah to be the first steamship
Motion—Crs XValsli and Henderson— Mo reach european shores, notes a That this Council approve of the ex- writer in the Washington Star. An peuditure of $1,850. on the Bristol—I old sea captain. Moses Rogers, first Norway Bay road.—Carried.	thought of putting the sailing vessel
Cr Orr took his seat at the Board. Savannah into steam. The engine Letters were read from Mrs. E. G. and boiler were placed on her deck, Laird and Harry Lloyd.	while paddle wheels were so ar-
Motion — Crs Henderson and Fit*- ranged that when the engine was
#iinmons—That the following bills be not running and the Savannah was
¦	proceeding under sail the wheels
could be hoisted on deck. But many $ 0 76 years passed after that first voyage of the Savannah, before steamships 9 oo crossed the ocean frequently.

i
&
I
served fit governor.
r before
4








xi

mÈêÊB&ÆÊÊ
.......

WÆ



:


Carried

Harland C. Row a r
See.-Tress.

John A. Dean, See.-Treas
mm

w*


'
Entomologists Foretell
Appearance of Cicadas
The cicada is one of the most interesting insects in the world. The mystery of this insect is the main point of its great interest, for it appears in countless numbers one year, then is not* seen again in such numbers for many years—usually 13 or 17. When it is known that this insect spends the 13 or 17 years in slow development beneath the earth and emerges at almost the same spot where it entered the interest in this creature intensifies. One of the strangest things in nature, writes Frederic J. Haskin in the XX'ashington Star, is that in spite of such extremely slow growth in their subterranean habitat, all the millions of individuals attain maturity and burst from the ground at almost the same moment; Although the adult cicadas take practically no food, the trees in which they lay their eggs, especially pear, apple, and peach trees, are severely pruned and in some cases damaged.
The cicada has been under investigation for more than 200 years, and the appearance of the swarms is foretold by entomologists as accurately as eclipses of the moon are foretold by astronomers. The year 1868 was the greatest locust year in history. Periodically since then the country has been inflicted with these pests, although every year is a locust year in some part of the country.
The insect plague is visited upon nearfy every part of the world, has bêèn known from early Bible times. St John the Baptist is spoken of as having lived on locusts and wild honey. From the earliest times the tribes that dwelt neaf the great deserts of
Bristol Council
'-r
w
m


«
C

RP3^>
W6Z>







mm










a
;


i
¦
r/^K
I
\




#



¦

%
approved and paid :—
Pontiac Rural Telephone Co rent and messages ... Peter Moyles, 40 yds gravel
hay $5,.............
H. O. Young, expenses re put
ting in tile drain.....
P. Cruickakaaks
$4
HI services ren'd 3 80	DisLhed Spirits
John Miller, supplies to James	Distilled spirits, whiskies, Kins*
gSSÜJÜ ” :. *: . »
\ i SlrSSSI
£5“•bm'™*i:“ 2SS.mSbfXFJZSK
journed.	Mil Hr*. This produced IU
PICTURED above are the two Ferd V-8 cars and streamlines, a deep hood unbroken by louvres, m low rthe new Mercury 8 announced by Ford Motor radiator grille in bright metal and wide spaced
efR&ÔEülA&S RB JfrX %%	KSld? ft
Seden; bottom, Mercury 8 Town 8eden. All three entirely .new to the Ferrf-Uncoln line end Alls » ears are individually styled. All have hydraulic piece between the deluxe Ford end the Lincoln-brake». The Ford V-8 Is available in three models. Zephyr. It 1» eMfear with e 116-Inch wheelbase. .
and
y
U
S

Persia, Arabia and Africa have eaten dried locusts as food.
H. I. Smith. | s Treas
of Scotch wtmkf.
»PP»i->W.
S'
^¦1
6^_


###PAGE###5###
Dinner* Credited With
Finding Water With Twig
Many e farm has been saved from ruin by the aid of a man holding In his hands a bent hazel twig or even a thin bar of metal, asserts a writer In Pearson’s London Week-
The Equity
PRINTING
Btublltbeé IUI
VVULIhHKn 1VHT THI7BSD4S
SUAWV1LLK, QUEBEC
iy.
I
Water • courses are continually changing. A farm that was well supplied with water a few years ago may today be facing perpetual drouth. It is then that the diviner is called in. He walks slowly over the ground, the stick held bent into a bow in his hands.
Suddenly the rod twitches like a live thing, almost jumping from the hand of its holder.
"There’s your water,g says the diviner. He also tells you how far down you will have to dig. Boring machinery is obtained, and sure enough, at the depth forecast by the diviner, the precious liquid is struck.
Scientists are baffled by the diviners. Science can find no adequate explanation of their powers, powers which no instrument can imitate. Various theories have been put forward from time to time, but none of them satisfactory.
Magic, telepathy, some sixth sense . . . what is the answer to the riddle?
Remember THE EQUITY is in a position to do practically all your printing neatly and at a lower cost than outside
firms.
Let us do your :
annual subscription
Anywhere m Caimtla
To United States.
Successor to G. F Hodgins Co. Limited
81.50
as
# #
2.00
se*#*
Annual January Sale of Stocktaking Specials
BLANKETS
AU arrears must be paid In full before any paper Is discontinued
Letterheads, Envelopes, Billheads, Invoices,
Statements,
Posters,
Labels,
Counter Check Books, Shipping Tags
W. 0. COWAN. PUBLISHER
U
»
All Wool White Blanket size 72x90 $10.00 for $7.75
-	72x90 $9.60 " $7.50
"	72x84 $8.00 - $6.60

i •
11
# •
# 4
TA# C
• •
I s
11
4 •
Sales & Service
MAIN STRIST
shawvxllb, qtjb
Shell Sealed Gas
and Oils
64x84 $7.50 " $5.95
10 per cent, oft
4 *
Si
• •
IS
€ 4
Grey Blankets, all sizes White and Grey Flannelette Blankets 10 percent, ell
i
KNITTING YARN
Henry Longfellow, Pcet,
Once Harvard Professor
The Famous De Luxe Hand Knitting Yarn, all col* lours. Formerly sold at 15 cents a skein.
To clear at 10 cents a skein.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow was affectionately called the ‘Children’s Poet.” The author of “Hiawatha,” “The Courtship of Miles Standish” and “Evangeline.” with many others, ho was considered the outstanding American poet of h s day and still holds a prominent place in the literary world, writes a correspondent in the Washington Star.
Longfellow, a New Englander, teacher as well as a writer,
THE EQUITY
PHONE, 75
General Repairs
Sellable Service
Wilson's Garage
Phone 40
The Same
TOQUES and CAPS
Childrens and Misses Woollen Toques, all sizes ami
Half price.
colours to clear at...
Childs White Wool and Silk and Wool Caps
To Clear at 25 cents.
Beattie’s Eye Service
Look Here
was a
but he eventually retired from a professorship at Harvard to devote his whole attention to poetry.
His literary career began early. As a boy his prose and verse were published and he once confided in his father that he "aspired after future eminence in literature.”
History records how well this ambition was to be realized. Regarded as a national hero by the public, his home in the famous Craigie house was usually filled with autograph hunters, and all his life honors were heaped upon him.
As popular in England as he was in his own country, Longfellow received honorary degrees from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge. After his death in 1882, England honored him still further by placing his bust in Westminster abbey—the first memorial of its kind erected to an American poet.
For Sale, Wants, Found
Los t G t c •
»
Thirty-five years of successful Optical Practice should guide your footsteps to Beattie's Eye Service, cor. Gladstone and Bronson, Ottawa.
If you want to see a you should see you will see
Beattie s Eye Service ....... ... __ _ ___ _ ___ —--- — -
Sciential Eye Examinations
Specialists on all Visual and Muscidar
Eve Defects

WINDBREAKERS
O
Fish
Cumberland St., Ottawa.
n.R, No. l.ShBWTllle.

Ocld Wind breakers, sizes 34—36—38 to clear at $1.98 Mens Windbreakers, assorted colors, sizes 34 to 42
To Clear at
$1.59.

DEERSKIN MITTS
Mens Genuine Deerskin Mitts,

To Clear at $1.19.
;\e
FOR SALK - Man » Bearer Coat, size II, in good condition. Apply to Pout SouEirviM.it, Bryson. Quo.
*
UNDERWEAR
»
Mens Shirts and Drawers, odd sizes
KATHLEEN M.ROLLINS.
Professional Optometrist.
T.T BEATTIE,
Professional Optometrist
FOR SA LE-One single cutler in Kood repair. Apply to DoNaLi»-Mc-DOÜOAL, Bristol, Quo. Phone
To Clear at 98 cents.

Seedless Fruits
The Spaniards planted orange trees in Brazil at en early date, but it was not until about the year 182(1 that there appeared rear the village of Bahia, Brazil, a form of seedless navel orange, since known as the Bahia navel. The first trees of this kind in the United States sent from Brazil to the gov-
*
*

SLIPPERS and SHOES
Airedale Dog Comes F rom
Aire Valley in England
The airedale, king of terriers originated in the Aire valley In Eng land, as i early as is' known, the result of a mating of the Otter ham and Welch terriers. The breed was developed principally by tea’ miners of this region for the rough and doubtful sport of fighting. They were first* shown in 1870, states a correspondent in the Washington Post.
Truly an all-around c.g—keen, active, possessing great vitality, pluck and endurance—he g ern be trained easily or allowed to rtly or* his own initiative. His uses art manifold, he excels as a guard, is used extensively in the West to hunt bear nnd in Africa to hunt lions, and proved himself one of the most reliable dogs used in the V. orld war. An enduring, affectionate companion. A real man's dog.	*
The coat should be tan with dark

»
Mens, Womens and Childrens Slippers
10 per cent off regular prices.
THE RENFREW
MARBLE and GRANITE WORKS

»
We mens Shoes, odd sizes

To Clear at $1.49
were	¦¦
ernment propagating grounds in
Washington, D. C., in 1870. x he cause of the freakish development ol the navel orange is unknown. Under scientific breeding, the improved fruit has been produced The production of the seedless varieties of grape is the result of centuries of development by growers, through grafting, cross-fertilization selection, etc. These seedless fruits are propagated by the means ol Uud grafting instead of by seeds
Manufactures of and Dealers in
Monuments in Marble and Granite
We have just received a largo consignment of stones and will be pleased to show them at any time.
Phone. 278
GUM RUBBERS
. $1.59 . $1.35 99c
Black and Brown Velvet Goloshes $1.95
Mens Good Gum Rubbers
Boys Youths W omens
100 Fancy Brown Plates to clear at 3 for 25 cts.
4#
1#
4 i
geo. h. FROATS & SONS
284 Argyle Street, Renfrew, Ont.
s
i
Translucent Coal
Specimens of coal, cut so thin that they are transparent, are shown M Field Museum of Natural History under lighting conditions which make them virtually transparent. They illustrate strikingly the fact that when a person bums coal he is really burning wood, for these films of coal arc seen to be composed of massed fragments of wood and vegetation from forests of the coal age, some 250,000,000 years ago. The exhibit is of interest in connection with the museum’s restoration of a carboniferous forest, life size and as it appeared in life.
markings and very ivirey should be from 24 to 26 incites at the shoulder and weigh from 40 to 45 pounds. The legs should be perfectly straight with plenty of bor.e head long and flat with square, powerful jaws. The general appearance should be that of a trim, powerful dog. constantly on the alert.
MacLeans
The
G. F. Hodgins Co., Limited E
RED & WHITE STORE
Successor to
é<4
t I
•The Owner Serves—The Buyer Saves
Across Lake Erie
Lake Erie comes to a point at Toledo, Ohio, but a line drawn in a northeasterly direction from Toledo across to Canada measures approximately 29 miles, according to the office of the T-Ited States Engineers. Also, according to the Engineers' office, the distance across Lake Erie from Cleveland is approximately 54 miles; from Erie, the distance is approximately 36 miles
§KJfir210 feet miles north by east of Erie, off Long Point. The average depth of the lake is about 70 or 75 feet.
The Japanese Spaniel
The Japanese Spaniel has an oriental background, like the Peking-In fact, a more appropriate for the breed might be Jap-
Wampole’s Extract God Liver Oil .
6 cts
Raw Sugar, per pound...........
Swan Down Cake’Flour, per pkg Black Tea. bulk, per pound. .... Health Meal. Coarse, per pound
| Apples, 6 pounds ..............
Prunes. 3 pounds ..............
Mollasses, fancy bulk, per pound Honey. Clover, 4 pounds Honey, Amber, 4 pounds
| Peanut Butter, bulk 2 pounds | Walker’s Soda Biscuits. 2 pounds :
| Macaroni, bulk 4 pounds | Soup Peas, per pound S Cornnusal, per pound

• #
28 “
Lumber Measure Sometimes the lumberman talks a different language than we do. We asked him what he meant by ‘‘board feet," notes a writer in Hoard’s Dairyman. A board foot is one piece of wood one inch thick, ¦ foot long, and a foot wide, we learn. How do you figure the number of board feet In an order of lumber we might leave? It's like this' Multiply the number of pieces by the length in feet; this times the width in Inches, and that multiplied by the thickness in inches. Divide your answer by 13 end the number of "board feet" is the result.
# **#
esc
45 "
name
anese Pekingese. It is not a true spaniel. On the other hand, it is r.ot a variety of Pekingese. The Japanese spaniel is a lively, highbred little dog which may average around seven pounds in weight. It is believed that these dogs originated in China. The story is that a ruler of China gave a pair to the emperor of Japan and they were developed in that country.
• ••#
• •••
5 ‘
25 '
The all year round ton le for both children and adults. Tones up the whole
system generally, and
# # ##
• •M
25 ‘
The deepest place in the ¦M—Hill i is about 25
t • ••
7 ‘
a
• » ••
35 ‘
• •••
a
##»#
29 '
MM
• •ft
Foods Seasoned With Flower* Long centuries ago, in the time of the knights and thy Mormak com quest, England imported no sugar. So¥t«i Ikck of calories and of sweets, tor food had to be supplied in other ways. Foods seasoned with flowers were a feature of medieval fare.
inking mead from honey probably helped out, and meats were flavored with iris, rose, violet or oilier strange methods; Besides this, herbe were much used In cooking
IhtMMtcher Preverb
pitcher goes so often to the JHihat it is broken at last/' This is the form in which the English proverb is generally quoted ft belongs to the common folk sayings of several nations. Its most famous expression in literature is in Cervantes* "Don Quixote**; "So many times the pitcher goes to the tountalnl" Meaning that if gets broken. But the same proverb |0 found four centuries earlier by e J^rsgch writer, Gautier de Colne*,
.4 "The
water
28 •
• »##
• • • s
25 ‘
• «
Admiral Dewey received hie training at Anna polie, tie was appointed to the Naval academy September 13, 1S54, and wee graduated in 1838 He directed the battle of Manila bay from hie flagship, the Olympia, and the Olympia headed the proceaalon of American warships Into the bay.
THE CORNER STORE
2» •
• t ••
• •«•
Estate Mrs. M. 6. Weward
Main and Centre Ste •HAWVILLE, - QUE.
5 '
Dr
-
MM
# #**
S ‘
••u
• M«
* s.y
mm




###PAGE###6###

m
Mother On Relief Hands Over Gift
Portrait of Qu#m Mother to be Exhibited


Household
The Goose Woman
by REX BEACH
9

tvi
Science
By DOROTHY HIGGINS
$50 She Received from Old Country ia Offered to Gen-anoque Relief Board
FISH FOR THE MAN IN YOUR
LIFE!
It*» ¦ F.veurll. Dian.r-di.K With
Tkem!
By Dorothy Higgins
Men like Ash ! In fact, most men like Ash better than women. Whether this is because it brings back to them fond memories of days spent in canoes, or sitting on the bank of a quiet stream, a forgotten pipe in mouth, or the bristling spray of the ocean and the “fight” the big one (that got away) gave them, we can’t tell. But fact it is, men’s eyes gleam when you mention Ash for dinner. So have Ash often, cook it tenderly, with a dash of imagination and an eye on the clock—Ash are better when they are cooked quickly—and serve it up with a smile. It’s a sure passport to meal success.	*
Here are men’s favorite Ash dishes.	1 IT - 1
14You take this money, Mr. Relief Officer; It belongs to you, not to me/* was the statement of a young mother whom the Oananoque relief board has been looking after for some time, when she appeared at the relief office last month. 1;
The mother, who has two children, is appreciative of the kindness she has received. She received a tea-pound note from her uncle in Scotland and Immediately went to the relief officer, Fred Mooney and handed It to him.
Mr. Mooney conferred with the welfare board and It was decided to keep ISO of the mouey and place it in the rent account, which is paid direct by the town, and hand mainder back to the woman with the suggestion that she use it for Chrlsmas cheer. '
CHAPTER XXII
Vogel arrived In due time. He listened attentively to what was told him, then he questioned the eld man search In gly, After a while he and Jerry's lawyers left, taking Jacob with them. The newspaper men had gone some time before.
I they lied and slandered—and they I didn't give me a chance to defend I myself! Even old Jacob believed—" I Jerry's voice rose above her I heart-broken cry and its tone more I than his words quieted her. “I I never believed It. Why, if I hid I doubted you, for an Instant, I don't I think I'd have had the courage to I endure what I went through.”
“Honestly?”
The young man nodded. In a strangled voice the girl cried:
"Then you've got to hear the real | truth. Mr. Ethridge may have been a bad man, but he was good to me. Perhaps he had—Ideas about me at first. I dare say he had, but he learned to know me and tè respect me. Ike said he loved me; anyhow he asked me to marry him, and I can show you his letters to proVe it That wouldn't convince other people, but you know he wasn't the sort of man to marry a girl he couldn't respect. You know that don't you?"
"Yes. But even If It had been— otherwise, it wouldn't have made any great difference so long as you had learned to truly care for me. You taught me something about charity. You proved to me that nothing matters very much if two people really love each other."
Three Derelicts
Mrs. Holmes nodded vigorously. "Good boy, Jerry! I'm glad you're a man! She's a dear, foolish girl. She thinks she oughtn't to marry you—afraid she can't live this down. Put, pshaw! Young people like you can live anything down. The world forgets. It forgot Maria dl Nardi and it will forget the girl in the Ethridge case. Maybe It will even forget the 'goose woman', if she behaves herself. She’s going to behave herself. She’s an old derelict and —But, for that matter, we’re all three derelicts! Isn’t it better for us to drift together than drift apart? Certainly! Afraid she'll ruin your career! Humph! Why. she'll make it—”
$




à
-
rye
:

-


Hamel would have followed them, for she reasoned that Jerry would soon be at liberty and would naturally come directly here, but Mrs. Holmes was wretchedly unstrung and implored her to remain for a while at least. It was Impossible to desert a woman so genuinely in meed of assistance until she had time to pull herself together, so the girl stayed.



Il
y ys


mm
m




s

*Tij / »'w

Mer Soul Cleansed A really noticeable change had come over Gerald’s mother. The

A
'V-,

r j
-
process of voluntarily stripping hare her soul and exposing it to the light had served the purpose of cleansing it and purifying it to some extent. She showed it in her words, her actions, in the apprehension she displayed at the prospect of meeting her son. She wondered if he would be harsh with her. She made pitiful, fluttering attempts to better her appearance, hut her recent ordeal had left her almost helpless and Hazel was compelled to do the work of her hands.
Jerry arrived before the girl could escape—Vogel, it seemed, was capable of cutting red tape when he felt like It. He entered the room, breathless, radiant. Without a word, except the one cry, “Mother!” he ran to Mary Holmes' chair and knelt beside it. Hungrily she put her arms about him, pressed him to her breast. Her face was glorified with an expression it had sever worn before. Its grossness was burned away and in its place shone a suggestion at least of the beauty that had been Maria di Nandi’s. She crooned over her boy, •he patted and she petted him, stroked his hair and kissed it.

*

Beet end Fish Hash
1 cup flaked, cooked flab (canned Canadian salmon, chicken had-die, pilchards are good for this, each individual in flavour).
1	cup chopped, cooked potatoes
2	medium-sized cooked beets, chopped
1 tablespoon minced onion
1	teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
2	to 4 tablespoons top milk
1 tablespoon pork dripping.
Mix fish, potatoes, beets, etc.
Moisten with milk. Saute in pork dripping, stirring until heated, then flatten into a cake and cook until well browned underneath. Fold and turn out like an omelet.
If you fry salt pork, reserve the "crackles” to serve at the side, you will be hcclaimed a woman with a super-sense of men’s pet likes.
With this serve some of those chow chow pickles you put up last summer or fall.
Finnan Haddie Rarebit
6 slices buttered toast
1 Canadian finnan haddie •
1% cups white sauce
3 tablespoons grated cheese
Add cheese to sauce. Cook finnan haddie in water, drain and spread on toast. Cover with sauce, and add a sprinkle of paprika for good looks. A minute under the broiler is not amiss. This dish must be served piping hot.	I

W
HAPPY
*


'V


Ell

9
.
4


until



1
-
* * #
*
Aavtvw

The personal property of the King, this painting of Dowager Queen y, by Simon Elwes, famed British Court painter, has been loaned its first public showing In an exhibition of Elwes’ paintings n New
mi# - ^


Mar




for
m
York.


5x


Mi
Fabrics Of 190#
For New Styles


M59


Colors, Textures, Patleeus of New Materials Are Victoriam Or Edwardian OT i
The Secreb É
^ a
Good Looks Ü


*5*

Not only are many fortkreiring fashions to be based on ideas adapted from the early 1900's, but so are the colors, textures and patterns of silk materials.
Victorian and Edwardian mauves, pale blues, and rose shades are significant color*.
Stripes, plaids, and small weave patterns have been adapted from the French fabrics that were synonymous with the styles of the early 1900’s.
Crisp, rather formal-looking materials are also coming swiftly into fashion, such as taffetas, moire, surahs of many different kinds, stiff duchesse satins, bengaiines, and ottoman, all of these in more pliable modern versions than their Victorian prototypes.
The trend toward laces and ribbons is also strengthened.
Even a number of modern soft materials are harking back to the thin finely crinkled crepan the sort first used after crepes were taken up as dress material during Edward VII's reign.

k1

fyoAvltvta Ajj,

*tw.

a

SECRETS OF SLIMMING
It is comonly supposed that women MUST get fatter as they grow older. This Is not so. You can retain your slim and attractive fig-i ure despite advancing age, IF you are prepared to pay the price!
There are some exceptions, of ; course. Certain glandular and functional changes, peculiar to wpmen. sometimes affect one's weight. And some diseases, too, have a similar tendency. Women who are subjected to these conditions should seek medical advice before attempting drastic reducing.
'However, most cases of overweight — 85 In every hundred — are due to under-exercising and to over eating! A regimen of Increased exercise and reasonable dieting Is, therefore, the answer to the problem of surplus weight.
Here is an exercise which will help to make you more supple: stand erect, feet fairly wide apart, arms otustretebed at the level of the shoulders. Swing the body sideways to a right angle, then bend down. Whilst In that. positon reverse the body, come up and go down on the opposite side. Breathe out while going down; breathe in while coming up. Repeat five times.
My special leaflet on "How to Slim" gives further interesting exercise*, as well as complete dieting advice. You can obtain a copy, and any of the following helpful leaflets, by sending a 3c stamp for each one required: Face Care; Bust Development; Reducing in Spots; Superfluous Hair; Eye Beauty; Your Hair; Hand! Beauty; Feet Care; Underweight. Ask about your personal beauty problems at the same time. All letters are confidential.


f
Hazel looked on through a mist
She resisted blindly
of tears, when, after a while. Jerry rose and took her hands in bis.
"They told me how you stood by as," she heard him saying. "How you hired those lawyers for me and everything." He ran on with something more, something about de mented old Jacob and the necessity of making sure that no punishment was visited upon him, but Hazel understood little because of the
The mother ceased speaking, for she realised that neither Jerry nor Hazel were listening to her. They were standing close together and looking into each other's eyes; they were quite oblivious to her presence.
Overshadowing everything for pretty Pats McGraw was the knowledge that handsome Larry Kent loved her, that soon they would be married. But Pats did not know then how soon that love would he tested, put on acid trial In the very court where she was a reporter. The story of that drama is told in an intensely human new serial coming soon to this paper,
Wbmen Could Work Wonders
If They Would P it Forth a Special Effort to Help the Poor at Other limes Than At Christmas Season
(THE END)
The Best Pelts Seen At Show
roaring in her ears.
Of course Jerry was grateful, she had expected nothing less, assumed, however, that this meeting must be as distressing to him as to her, and she blamed herself for inflicting this unnecessary pain upon them.
She
L. B. Pollock won the grand championship award in silver foxes at the fifth annual Ontario farmers’ pelt show at Toronto. The Keswick, Ont., breeder also took the reserve grand championship and four other championships and three reserve titles.
The Sunglo Cup, awarded to the breeder with the highest aggregate score in open classes, was won by O. W. Thompson, of Kitchener, one of the largest of Ontario's 1,700 breeders and president of the Ontario Fur Farmers’ Association.
Pollock displayed the champion adult silver fox pelt, winning a cup donated by the Ontario Government.
The grand champion mink pelt was displayed by Martin and Stevens, St. Mary's, Ont., mink breeders. A cup donated by the Ontario government went with the grand championship.
In addition to the special efforts at Chrir .mas-time, (says Miss Ruth Milieu, w e 1 Ik n o w ia||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||j|i|j|^^
which should not be forgotten it would be a fine thing If. In the coming year, not too busy women (and there are many) would decide to give a little of their surplus time and energy to help Improve the conditions that make basketgiving to the poor at the festive season necessary.
Lots of women play bridge three and four atferuoons $ week. And wouldn't it be a good Idea for a bridge club, whose members are already a little weary of each other's sc1*1! talk and bidding idiosyncrasies. to put their facial money Into some constructive social service, and assist personally In It a day a week or every two weeks, urges Miss Milieu.
Constructive Thing* to Do Or a not-too-busy woman might get into politics and work for some badly needed reforms. Or enlist her services with some big charitable organisations.
things a fairly Intelligent woman with time on her bauds can do are limitless.
And such a spreading out of the good will that hits many once a year would pay big dividends In her own life. Busy, helpful women who are doing Important work have a glow about them that no beluty parlor has for sale.
Hit-Run Love
columnist).
A Womun Not Guilty
Mary Holmes fathomed the cause of the girl’s peculiar agitation and It indicated the change that had occurred In the older woman when she forgot herself and her own concerns sufficiently to say:
"Jerry, dear, we owe everything to this child. She did as much for me as for you. And yet she wants to run away! me for what I’ve done you can surely forgive her.”
"But he has n-nothlng to forgive,” sobbed the girl "That's Just It You don't understand. Nobody understands. If 1 were guilty I'd deserve punishment, but I'm not. They called me a scarlet woman; they preached sermons about me;
Silence of Hemlocks
Beginning Next Week In This Paper
No quiet on earth is like the hush That these groves of shaggy hemlocks share.
Here beneath a veiled thin silver sun
With a scent of snowfall in the
Flew 5,000 Turkeys
For Xmas in Arctic
air.
If you can forgive
Each bough is poised expectantly As if listening to a far-off call; Each lacy needle waits in utter stillness
For the first white flakes to fall.
Shipped Complete With Cranberry Sauce, By Plane From Edmonton to Gold Fields

Five thousand fat turkeys, cleaned and plucked and complete with "all the trimmings" including the cranberry sauce, were flo ~n from Edmonton the third week in Decern her. They constituted Christmas dinners for pioneer residents of Canada’s northwestern hinterland.
It’s an all-time record turkey total for the northland. and a gain of about 1,000 over last year, according to veteran aviation officials here. More than half the increase is attributed to development recorded within the past year of Yellowknife, sprawling gold-mine town, 700 miles north of Edmonton, and less than 300 miles south of the Arctic circle.
Cost More Than |8 Apiece Right down to the smallest detail, residents of booming Yellowknife this year were able to have* Christmas feasts as elaborate and plentlh 1 as any rich family In Edmonton or Toronto — but they'll pay plenty for It. For example, It *
! costs $8.55 to buy a 15-pound turkey in Edmonton, get it plucked and dressed and equipped with the usual “extras" and delivered In Yellowknife by air express.
Major Waller Hale, superintendent of the Edmonton postal district i said It costa $17 for express chargee alone on a 12-pound turkey that is flown from Edmonton to Akla-vik. 1.500 miles to the north on the Arctic rim. But that doesn't prevent I Aklavik residents from ordering • turkeys by the dozen.
HOW YOU CAN
'AWuutfMN
Laura Wheeler Offers Fluffy, Flattering,
Angora Jiffy Knits
F l
i
The constructive
Please mention this paper, and address your letters to:	Barbara
Lynn, Room 421, 73 West Adelaide St., Toronto, Ontario.
r
i



* ..	3-Vf
SS»Ss
m 1
*Sg

• •
V
I
%

¦

I
%
•if
«M *



# IV


• 11
M

•i i
Net curtains and lace ones, too, do need washing. If you use a little starch and then put them up wet — after squeezing out all the water you can. you'll only have half the work. Pull them Into shape and arrange them and, when they are dry, they'll look as though they have been Ironed.
*

*•
¦itwk
• •
!&j
Mt".
I


ft
• f
V
# *
« /
I /
I
« i:

• #
i •
A
ZXF course, you have no mem friar da V if you’ve let yourself become dull, croea, and nervous. Men like lively, peppy girts-girls with plenty Of mm jy to eo places and enjoy life.
Don t let love and romjuwe pas-4 you by. Help build up your you, too, should have aav
r

i
Ml
I
J

1
ip *

JLa

I found sweetening
I,

t



: J?
i
KOHOL


in the areal
•i niggle r o r
life, everything
depends on the
ige you appear to be; but don't t»e dl*coriraged. KOMUU with •te is natural
n itles give*
Lack to Tiatr lost youth Hold et ell dru etoree eo
ben mi y parlors
l
ti
4,
cereal with
BEE HIVE Bymp
SîSïîr&'s
t hus soothes jumpy nerve» aad given
aasrjÇ.
reminder to ret a bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound TO-DAY without fail.
For over 60 ÿgars
A!* another how to go Smiling thru" distress from female functional dl,orders with Pinkham’s Coe mMjrd. Let it help YOU.
ti
KNITTED ACCESSORIES
PATTERN 1908
aids
its
Li,, They're both entirely in stockinette stitch—the bolero, just the g thing for evening wear—the blouse indispensable for daytime use. I Pattern 1908 contains directions for making blouse and bolero in sizes 12 to 14 and 16 to 18; illustrations of it and of stitches; materials
tMPMir	%	¦ ;J
II SHI Ml K 141# Mw»lr>
8
digestion.
It is estimated that of approxi-lateiy 3,000 persons In Canada nd the United States, killed each car in accidenta with fiiearms, bout a third arm hunters afield.

issue No. 1—'39
Send twenty
its in coins (stamps cannot be accepted) Mttern to Wilson Needlecra/t Dept, 78 West Adelaide St., Write plainly pattern number, your name and address.
f I

d
-








,¦ '

###PAGE###7###
•L.:	...




rm




WfM
The path of Memory, sweet With perfumed petals of a hallowed place.
Sanctuary
Too Little Beef, Too Many Legs
Occupent» of Canada's Most Northerly Outpost
v M i



Sunday School I
ii
There is a land of dreams Wherein soft desire#
Bum fragrant fires,
Where the bright thought gleams.
And the mind can retrace On swift, impassioned feet
There, oh there only, can we wls Our peace at last,
Alone with the Past And dreaming therein.
—Eileen Fifer, in Poetry ad
Lesion
of Agriculture Of-
Department
•IcU Says Ceaidin Cattle
Have Not Been Fed Nor Fattened Up Enough For Market
Today.
LESSON II
PETE* COMMENDED AND
REBUKED r V I
Matthew 16i 13-25 Golden lest—Theu art the Christ, the See of the tiring God. — Matt. 16* 16.
This Curious World
By William Ferguson
Too little beef on too many lege has been on big trouble with the Canadian cattle Industry, In the Judgment of A. M. Shaw, Ottawa director of markets for the Dominion Department of Agriculture.
Thera has been Insufficient grain fed to Canadian cattle to provide “a reasonable level of beef quality or a sufficient regular supply of grain finished cattle to meet the beat demands of the domestic and export trade/' Mr. Shaw declared in a paper before the prairie markets conference.


hi
a

~rY*L
rer-i

THE LESSON IN ITS SETTING
Time.—In the third period of the (XHlean ministry,! autumn, A.D.
Plane.—At or near Caeseres Philippi, in the northern part of Galilee, aeuth of the foot-hills of
Mt. Hfermon.
A year and one half, which is almost one half of the entire period ef our Lord's public ministry, has elapsed between the •vente ef our last lesson and the epochal event which we are about
in this lesson, w when Jesus :&me into the pasts of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his disciples, saying. Who do mes may that the Son of man is? After months spent in teaching the apostles about his person and rnhslen he gives them s choice, a test cencerning the explanation of it all. It has been probably two years Mnee he chose them as apostles. By this time they ought to know their own minds.
14. And they said, Some say John the Baptist; some, Elijah; and others, Jeremiah, or one of ¦Bsfopke
who say ye that I am? This was a decisive moment in whiph the aeparatien of Abe New Testament church from the Old Testament theocracy was to be made.
Peter’s Great Confession
Matt 16: 16. 16. And Simon Peter answered aqd said. Peter was always the spokesman of the twelve disciples. Thou art the Christ ’’Christ”, is the Greek synonym for the Hebrew word “Messiah”. All those of the Old Covenaat knew that when the Messiah would come peace would reign, justice would prevail, the wilderness would be changed into a garden, wars would cease, there would be no darkness or night. The Son of the living God. Peter in these words goes even beyond ascribing Messiahship to Jesus; he considers him to be the very Son of God.


EPBaH
â
A ' I



5-
fcfEI
I b
*





I
-T


m
r

~
"t.
SAILING
THROUGH 7WE
CLOUDS/




I	Feed Them More Grain
I He Informed the conference, that I li studying the lack of markets for I western farm produce, that a gerat I deal more grain could be consumed I by fewer cattle to the advantage of I the Industry. \n Increase in cattle I numbers was not altogether deslr-I able and certainly not necessary to I a substntlal Increase in grain conI sumption, he said.



t m
<•35?,
/a


>¦
FEATHERS
PENGUINS
RESEMBLE i

WVL. ,
X
to St

y "•*
f
• b-:
18
V?

>00,00077Ai£5
/KÆTWX AWAK*




%
sM
1
-6FU


»

M


r
Two R.C.M.P. officers cnioyed a large and appetizing Christmas	—	• v	mw
dinner this year in company with their four fellow-occupants (Eskimos)	ratten UD Y OUI*
of Craig tiarbor, Ellesmere Island, Canada's most northerly outpost	¦	9
Ptarmigan replaced turkey on the menu and all Christmas greetings	'	Fav* Qnlo
arrived by mail Three of the Eskimos appear in the top photo. Below	m&Umoc a Vi JCHC
you see Lance-Corporal R. W. Hamilton, of the R.C.M.P, with the fourth Eskimo. No mail will arrive at Craig Harbor till next summer.
%
vk

l
\
mm
L
It’s a Good Plan to Add a Few Hundred Pounds to the Animal
\

ts.
•¦II
PLANT
or 8 per cent. Total production for the first 11 months of 1988 W now estimated at 88,281,808 lbs., the highest on record, and compares with 77,028,660 pounds in the first 11 months of 1987.
smith unto them, But
his experience for he csme definitely to die for us.
22.	And Peter took him, and began to rebuke him, saying, Be it far from thee, Lord: this shall never be unto thee. This word was a word of love.
23.	But he turned, and said unto Peter, Get thee behind me, Satan: thou art a stumbling-block t| expanding butter production and unto me: for thou mindset not the things of God, but the things of
I In fitting horses for Spring work I It may not be necessary to fatten I them, or burden them, so to speak, I with excessive fat, but when it I comes to courting a sale at a re-I munerative price, It is a good plan I to add a couple of hundred pounds Bio the animal.
I horse will not deter him from enI gaging in heavy work, and it Is I Just as well to have the animal I In a condition that will always com-I mand the beet market.
I	Fetches Better Price
I A highly finished animal may not I always be the fittest for immediate I hard labor, but It is plainly evident, I at horse sales, that horses In full I fleshed condition command better ! prices. Buyers will bid for flesh, I and It la daily demonstrated that It does not pay to offer unfitted animals for sale. Bidders at a sale will run up the price of an animal that is slick and well covered. It Is therefore the business of the seller to prepare his offering to suit the buying public.
AN

The trend in recent years • in Canada has been toward greatly
THE penguin is a bird of paradoxes. Its feathers resemble scales. It has wings, but does not fly, using these appendages for swimming. On land, It walks erect, or slides over the ice on its stomach.
Extra fat on a
reducing the quantity of cheese manufactured. That a lesser decline in cheese output would have been to the advantage of the dairying industry is now generally conceded, and efforts to build up cheese production and regain former export volume are consid ered by many as moat desirable.
men.
les ef native trees has North
NEXT: Haw many different America?
24. Then said Jesus unto his disciples, If any man would coma after me, let him deny himself, and take tip his cross, and follow me. 26. For whosoever would save his life shall lose it: and whosoever shall lose his life for my sake shall find it There is no discipleship without self-denial both in the easier form of starving passions and desires, and in the harder of yielding up the will, and letting his will supplant ours.
-| Chinese Barricade
Germany has fixed a 600,000 pound quota on Quebec eels that will not be filled before next March. To Sweden and Belgium smaller shipments are made, although the Belgians' national dish is a preparation of baked eel.
Small hats with pleated fan effect in front promise to become popular in Paris.
10 Type of fig.
14	Frost bite.
15	It extend*, along the Northern
Answer le Previous Puzzle
HORIZONTAL I, 6 Lengthy man-made barricade,
I
of
of China
Divine Revelation
Matt. 16: 17-20. 17. Anc Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Bar-Jon-ah: for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unLo thee, but my Father who is in heaven. The Lord means that recognition of hia Messiahship and Sonship is not brought about by human logic, but that it is a divine working in the human heart and mind, a work of revelation, by which such an acknowledgment is made.
18. And I also say unto thee, that thou art Peter, and upon this rock. The word “Peter” in Greek is the word “petros,” meaning “the reek” 1 will build my church. We shook' notice that Christ declares he *ill be the one who will build the church. Jesus ia the architect, and the verb suggests the continued activity of the living Christ in giving out his design.
The foundation of the church is made up of the apostles and prophets, Christ tlmself being the chief corner-stone. (Eph. 2: 20). What the Lord really meant is that not upon Peter but upon this confession of Peter concerning the person of Christ he would build his church. And the gates of Hades shall not prevail against it. The passage implies conflict with the kingdom of evil and victory over it; but ita leading thought is the triumph of life over death, of the kingdom of the resurrection over the usurped reign of the king of Hades.
China.
» Less reluctant
11	Intention.
12	Away. jlS Flax
derivative.
US Moor 16 Befalls.
18 Railroad.
J0 Third-rate * actor.
20	Form of "be.
21	It Is 2550
k 16 Bundle.
T 17 Bad soft coal. I] 19 Bees' home.
21	Marvels.
22	Plotters.
23	Sycophant.
[I 24 Chart.
"1 25 Widest. l1 26 It was built
labor
Ontario Cheese Production Up
But Total Cheddar Output For Canada in 1938 a Less Than Previous Year
OLIVER
HOWES
T

Y
HBHHH
I
\
A
I
Are You Listening?
I O
I
by
55	To observe.
56	Fixed courses of study.
VERTICAL
„ 36 To make ready.
40	Circle part.
41	To maintain. 43 Council.
45 Successive
The quantity of Cheddar Cheese manufactured in Ontario in November was reported at 4,998,063 pounds
pounds in November, 1987, a gain of 1,878,000 pounds or 38 per cent. Production for the first 11 months, however, is considerably below the level of a year ago, the total being 88,118,849 pounds this season, as compared with 91,466,962 pounds a year ago.
Creamery butter output totaled 6,108,206 pounds in November, and was again higher than in the corresponding month of 1987. The increase amounted to 398,000 lbs.
28 Ozone.
30 Side bone.
32 Drone bee.
34	Three.
35	Arid.
38	One that pay»
39	To come In. 42 To bail.
5 Musical r.ote. 44 Part of a
shaft.
46 Epoch.
48 Sheltered place.
50 Bom.
By FREDDIE TEE
long.
•gainst 8,626,323
as
23 Vertical 27 Ingenuous.
29 Tea*
31 Slow (musk).
33	Rubber wheel 47 Prophet
pad.\	49	Inclination.
34	It was built 51 Proverb.
52 To soak flax.
ton Is one of the top pianists of hla race. CBS's Walter Gross is considered one of America’s ace classical sad swing keyboard masters. It was Gross who played Gershwin’s difficult “Concerto la F” In Whiteman’s all-Gershwin concert over CBS last summer. If you go back Into musical history,” says Whiteman, "you win find that nearly all composers played the piano. It Is more natural for a pianist to compose than, say a violinist, because the pianist hne to know his harmonies perfectly — and the knowledge of harmony Is the foundation of creative writing.”
1	Grain. vJS
2	To ascribe, relief supply. 3 To merit.
4 Stir.
YEAR’S LEADING NEWS FIGURES
Lowell Thomas, Edwin C. Hill and Walter Wlnchell, NBC news commentators, put their heads together at the National Broadcasting Company to pick the ten leading news personalities of 1938. These three veteran reporters and commentators decided that the ten big news makers of the year were nine men and a horse, Here Is their list:
1.	Adolf Hitler
2.	Neville Chamberlain
3.	Franklin D. Roosevelt
4 Douglas Corrigan
6. Pope Plus
6	Written document.
7	Deposited.
8	Composed of lines.
In .the	,.¦¦¦1
century B. C. 53 Otherwise.
54 Loom slackening bar.
36	Needy.
37	God of war



i


Prognosticator
Sees Cold Spell
OLD COUNTRY PROGRAMS
Owners of Rogers. DeForeet Croe-ley and Majestic radio seta prior to the new "Spread-Band" 1939 models, cannot conceive of the improved and satisfactory reception which these new models bring In from the Old Country. It Is a simple matter now to listen to and enjoy the news broadcast from London, England, just as though It was a nearby station. Every person Interested In hearing programs from the Old Country should be sure to go to their nearest DeForest Crosley, Majestic or Rogers dealer and ash for a demonstration of the marvellous “short-wave" reception on
7.	Seablscult
8.	Alfred P. Sloan, Jr. 9 Walt Disney
10. Henry Armstrong
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦They
scoffed at William Henry Wint-mute, Bertie Township farmer, last September when he predicted that this autumn would be'the mildest in years, but he had the last laugh when he showed the scoffers violets and lilacs blooming on his farm in December.
Spurred on by his success, Farmer Wintmute has now made his prediction for the next three months, which, he said, will be cold. He bases his predictions on the condition and location of milts in hogs— a system he claims is infallible.
FORT ERIE, Ont.

32
PIANO BEST BACKGROUND It you want to be a composer, take up the piano!
‘The pianist has a head start on players of other Instrumenta as far aa composing music Is concerned," says the famous “King of Jess" — Paul Whiteman, whose program Is heard over CBS every Wednesday night To prove It he cites the fob lowing composers: Ferde Orote. tor Instance, earned his first claim to fame as the original pianist in the Whiteman Orchestra. Duke Elllng-

K(fi te the Kingdom
10. I will give un o thee Ibe keys of the kingdom of heaven; and whatsoever thou shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven; and whatsoever thou shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. The keys of the kingdom of heaven are first of all the gospel of salvation through Jesus Christ. By this means men are admitted into the kingdom. He was conferring power for saving and not for bayring from salvation.
20. Then charged he the disciples that they should tell no man that he was the Christ. He now desired that he should move on and finish his work on the earth, dying, rising again from the dead, and ascending Into heaven, before the disciples should go out and preach Christ; then men would fully know what receiving Christ meant
Matt 16: 21-26. From that time began Jesus to show unto his disciples, that he must go unto Jerusalem, and suffer many things of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be killed, and the third day be raised up. Jesus was not, as seme men claim taken unaware# and put to death. He knew from the beginning what would be
I


By J. MILLAR WATT
POP—Fortunately, Pop Hasn’t Many Hairs to Split
I I’M NOT A BARBER ¦ I	At A TOMSORIAL
I	¦	ARTIST/
SPLITTING HAIRS, ARDfT


13

A
k
£‘ V

9


ik ?






>

'2


X
V
i




e
8-//
(Cspprtftt. 1S3S. kp Th# IWI Syndicat». lac.)

###PAGE###8###
| Service Announcement
Shawvillb Unitkd Church Rkv. A. F. Foil» R A., B.D. Pastor
Hungarian Folk Dance The csardae, Hungarian folk dance, la more than 100 years old,
It made its appearance at society balls in 1838 and It took two years	Sunday, J*n. la
for the dance to gain popularity in 11 .00 a.m, Service at Hhawville ' Budapest. At a ball given in 1840	1.30 p.na., Service at Zion
1 in honor of Fran* Liszt a display of	300 p.m, Service at Stark's Corners
I the esardas was given by young 8ermol| object couples. The dance had been popu-	“Come Tarry, Go.”
I	T» p.». Servie,
in two-four tempo to music made Second sermon in senes : — up Hun,.,!.» ............... A
January 'Savings in Heavy Clothing
DALE’S TINSHCP
TINSMITHS and PLUMBERS
Students Overcoats fully lined and interlined, in heavy woollen cloth, sizes to 37 priced to clear at......................................•••
Maple Syrup Equipment
$9.50
1
Bkwtol Ukitkd CausoH
c. Armstrono-Salbh, B. L)
g	Genius Not Recognized
h?i ; Often genius is not recognized for ÿj generations, says Collier’s Weekly, r* ' Spinoza and his philosophy were for-% gotten for 100 years after his death B m 1677. Shakespeare was not con-I1 sidered an exceptional playwright É for 150 years after he died in 1616, 8 El Greco (1542*1614) was not nc-11 knowledged a genius in oils until a 8 few years ago, while Walthcr von g ! iler Vogelweide was not recognized a great lyric poet until almost 600 years af er his death.
“Deacon
Good Quality Doeskin Workshirts,
make”, in navy scarlet and wine, sizes
Have you made an inspection of your Maple Syrup equipment. ? If not* do so now ! as this is the time of year we make up supplies. Give us your order
now ! we can supply you with :
Pans, all sizes
Sunday, Jan. 15
St. Andrew’s Service at 10 30 11	11 Sunday School 11.80
¦¦¦¦I Service at 2 30
Service at	7.30
$1.25
14 1-2 to 17 1-2
• Ml
Austin K nox
Bob Morris Winter Caps, heavy cloth, with ear bands
Horaehide Pullover Mitts, full welted, with choppers thumb.........
Woollen Work Socks ....
sumo
$1.00
Vamsh of North Claukndon Clarendon V’aftoral Charge Kev H. G. Newman, B.X..BD Sunday, January 15
11.00 a. m —Service at. Wesley -M.‘0 p. m.—Service at Bristol 7.00 p. m.-—Service at Yarm.
• e

as
1
Sap Cans,
Maple Syrup Cans, Evaporators
Iron Coolers,
.... 65cts.
••••••
Mr*. Hurry Palmer, of Stark's Cin1-; three sisters, Mrs. William
Miss Bella Carson, n nil Mrs Janies
25 ots.
ners
Slivpimvd and of Clarendon.
McDowell, of Western Canada, and a grandda lighter, Miss Huby Carson, who lived with him Some years ago he was active in municipal affair.*, once being a member of the township council. Ho was also it member of the Ans tin United Church.
The funeral, .which was largely attended, wa* held on Friday afternoon, from the late residence of the deceased, to Austin United
Service was conducted
Spoils,
Ü
e
Is.
Fui* Pelts Wanted
1 wish to announce to die public that 1 am in the market for *W kinds of seasonable fur pelts and assure highest market prices.
NORRIS H. HORNER, Licensed Fur Dealer* Shawville, Que.
Norris B. H orner
Clothier and Haberdasher
L-
B
E
DALE’S TINSHOP, SHAWVILLE, QUE.
s
r
f
*
r
Hi
I

Annual Meeting of Shawville United Sunday School
NOTICE
Shawville Bakery
Annual Meeting of Pontiac Agricultural Society Tuesday, January 24th
The annual mooting of County of Pontiac; Agi icultural Society, No, l,(Div. V,) will beheld in the Society Dining Hall, Shawville, Que., at 1.30 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, January 21th, for the consideration of the annual tin uncial statement, the election of Directors and all general business of this annual meeting.
Shawville, Que., Jan. 9th, 1939.
A.G. Hrough
President
QpMiHHI	¦¦¦
by the pastor, Rev. 0 Armstrong Sales As a special selection, Mrs. S K. McDowell, of Shawville, sang,
“Jesus Lover of My Soul.'
Interment was made in the Austin cemetery, the pall «bearers, all nephews, were, Messrs. Manson. Kenneth, Teeson, Fred, Cecil and William McCagg
The beautiful eluded tributes from the the Family ; Mrs. Win. Sheppard and Miss Bella Carson ; McCagg family ; Austin Woman's Ass n ; Mr and Mrs. Tlios E. Sheppard, Ylorrisburg ; St. Alban's Ladies
Guild ; Mr and Mrs. E. IL Armstrong ; A. S Elliott and family ; Mr. and Mrs. A. G Brough ; Miss Kathleen Rollins, Ottawa.
A most encouraging annual meeting of the Shawville United Sunday School was held on Wednesday in the Sunday School, with Rev. A. F. Pokes in the chair.
In the absence of Glenn Hudgins, the secretary, the report was read by the superintendent, T. Clifford Wilson. This showed that the average attendance in 1988 had increased by 12 per cent, over last year ; that the finances had increased and that $«318 00 had been raised, of which $116. was for Missions
Votes of thanks to the retiring officers aud the superintendent were made and plans made to rai*e the same missionary objective in
\m
The election of officers resulted as follows :—Supt, Jack Tolhurst ; ,	.	.. asst supt.. T. Clifford Wilton ;
The draw ior the seasous pla> in gecretary-treasurer, Glenn Hod the Ladies* Curling Club was com-	as9istant, Dean Pokes : 9. S.
pie ted last week, with the follow-1 Rtewar(j. Raymond Lynch and mg teams competing. I lie scueduk ^onajj Masson; organists, Lois appears below.	Hayes and Blanche Hudgins ;
1—	Melba Horigins Mrs. G. W. Paul, teachers, Mrs. Harold Uagg, Mrs.
(skip.) Mrg c N Woodley. Mrs. M. A
2-	Mr». Art HoJgius Mrs. Edgar McKinley, John R. McDowell, Modgins, Mrs. N. A. Drummond, J*vk Tol hurst, W. A. Hodgins. L.
Mrs. C. II. MacLean
FOR SALE
Comforter Bits, Spinning Rolls and Yarn, made from pure virgin wool, given in exchange for good wool.
For a tasty loaf try
pieces in following,
floral
ARMSTRONG WOOLEN MILL
Shawville, Que.
Shawville Bread
Ringing of Pancake Bell
Ancient English Custom
There are places in Britain wh *re the quaint custom of ringing tie “pancake bell” is observed to cal the local people together to confess their sins, or to be “shriven,” at our forefathers used to say. _
.. .	many people, however, the church
Mr. John Brown, a well known	flt ghrovctide are merely a
ident of North Clarendon, died usefuj reminder to start frying their - hi» residence on Saturday, pancakes states a writer in London
Pnkmw	ship	tices. Among the most popular pus-
Left to mourn his departure times were football, bull-baiting and
5 “ïts,"rtssr- SSTsSSlfrss
very highly respected citizen of	n*nmbell'8 Bay ;	Mrs.	Richard	voice and severely reprimanded its
this district. He was a son of the	Ermitage, of Hodgins. F.O.; Mrs.	cruel tormentors for shying stones
late Mr. and Mrs. John Sheppard. Walter Smith, of Greermount, and at it He is survived by his wife, the Mrg jOBeph Hrnby, of Montieal ; Before the astonished crowd could former Miss Elizabeth Scully, of a|so‘eight grandchildren.	answer this startling but just accu-
Otter Lake, and one sister, Mrs	The fwnerai was	held	Monday	sation, the “human” hen collapsed
Wellington Smith, ot YY eirstead.	afternoon from the	late	home of	an(j died at its master’s feet—or so
Although of a quiet and unas- fhe deceased, to the Standard w are told. -suming disposition, Mr. Sheppard, church, at Chaiteria The service was keenly interested in commun WA9 conducted by the pastor, Rev. ifcy affairs. For a number of years w q Burtch, assisted by the he held the office of warden of St. ReVe M. Frite ha: d. pastor of Roll-Luke s Anglican Church, Caldwell, |ie9S Movement Church, Campbell's and was a faithful member of ga„ Xwo favourite hymns were Knox L O. L, No. 34.	sung by the congregation and two
The funeral was held on Sunday 9Det?ia| selections were rendered afternoon, from the home, and by a quartette : “No Disappoint was attended by a large number ment in Heaven” and “I Will Meet of relatives and friends of the dis vOH in tbe Morning." The text trict. Service was conducted at wa8 token from Deut. 30: 19 — “I St. Paul's Church. Shawville. by |)ave set before thee life and death, the rector. Rev. T. E. R. Nurse choose life that thou aud thy seed Members of Knox L. O. L , attend- .hall live "
ingin a body, paid their last tii- interment was _
bute of respect to a departed standard Cemetery, the brother at the graveside, the « or. hearers being. Messrs. Hugh Master, Wendell Wilson, officiât- |ier pjeü Sparling. John Milliken, ing with the assistance ot the jamea Anderson. Walter Smith other officers.	and Richard Arraitage.
Interment was made in St Paul s The funeral was largely attend-cemetery, the pall bearers were, ^ friends of the district Messrs. Elvin Corrigan, Georgs well as from distant points. Otter Anffus, Harry Campbell, Melvin	Ottawa, Carleton Mace,
Smith, Basil and Lloyd Quaile. Timmins, and Montreal.	e .
'Among the beautiful floral tri- ; butes were noticed a pillow from the family ; spray, Mrs. Joseph Hrnby —Com.
R. W Hudgins Sec.-Ti eas.

?
?
H. I. HOBBS, Prop.
>
?
Draw for Ladies' Curling Club Completed
>
I
?
Mr. John Brown
?
To
»
res
Ht
It Costs Less to Own a Westinghouse
Battery or Electric
Model B-S-41-A
$69.50
ff


1
(Skip)
Jit

I > -	4
Mûrie)
(Skip)
3—	Evelyn Dale, Vera Klatt,
Strutt, Alva Turner.
4—	Isobel Haskin Mattie Cochrane, Irene Shaw. (Skip)
m.


vfr*
Mrs. L. Kelley
MODCl S-WA
Its almost too good to be true. This handsome five-tube Westinghouse radio uses less batteries than former four-
The performance features listed here, show
(Skip)
Wilson
\
6	—Hazel Hodgins, Mrs. J. Gordon, Mrs.
W. Harris, Mrs. W. Gibson. (Skip)
7	- Mrs. James Horner, Mrs. L. Cald-
well, Mrs. El wood Cameron, Mrs. A. McKay
8-Mrs. W. Way, Mrs. L Armstrong, Mrs. L. Dale, Mrs. T. Shore. (Skip)
Spare—Mrs. A. G. Brough.
Social Members— Mrs, A Hodgins, Mrs. M. Baker, Mrs. B. H. Cochrane, Mrs. G. G. McDowell, Mrs G. A. McDougal, Mrs. Moreland Hodgins, Mrs. A. O. Eadcs.
Jan. 5
tube sets
much better than ordinary values or the amount of the
For a comparatively small sum
purchaser's investment generous radio enjoyment is provided
(Skip)
Automatic Volume Control on two tubes Automatic tone compensation. Ajustible iron core antenna and LF coils of
new
with new freedom from noise, and remarkable battery economy.	% % i 3 ;
design give excellent stability, selectively and tone,

Wilmer H. Hodgins
In Memorlam
Shawville, Que.
4-5
2-6
Thursday,
Friday,
Tuesday,
Wednesday
Thursday,
Friday,
Tuesday,
Wednesday
Thursday,
Friday,
Tuesday,
Wednesday
Thursday,
Friday,
Phone, 20-18.
Morrison—In loving memory of our dear father, James Morrison, who died January 17th, 1937.
Father you have gone and left us You have bid us all good bye ;
You hav» reached the heavenly mansions I Tenders Wanted , Where all sorrows .urn to joy.,	^odcr,	* reeeited, by lhc
Tis a prayer to God wc send.	8 ,8 ; |erl,ih, 13 and M feet, five
Heaven now holds our dearest treasure cenl may be 8 feet.
Earth the lovely casket keeps ;	J. A. DEAN,
But the sunshine loves to linger,	Secretary-Treasurer,
Where our darling father sleeps. |	M unicipality of Clarendon
Fare you well thou dearest father j	TT	I H j I
You have your journey over ;
We will meet you up in heaven,
Where we ll never part no more.
Sadly missed by daughters and ( son in law, F lorence, Lorena and Roy
8-3
1—7
6
2-8
6—3
" 10
7—4
1-5
11
8-6
2-3
12
5—7
1—4
13
7—2
5—3
Reductions on
Memorials
17
made in the
4—8
pall
Hor
6-1
18
7—3
'• 19 ...2-5 1 20... 1—8 1 24 ...7-8
per
4—6
in
5—6
Marble and Granite
“ 25
3—1
4—2
as
5-8
26 .. 6-7 27...2-1
Announcement !
It is natural for you to wish to erect a fitting memorial to the meihory of a
loved one.
We believe that our years of experience in the manufacture of memorials, enables us to produce a suitable memorial at all prices.
We offer on any order placed between now and May 1st, a discount of 10 percent.
4-3
James P. Carson. Well-known Cttlsen, Dies in 86th Year
Clarendon township lost a high ly esteemed and well known citizen in the person of James Patterson Carson, who died at his residence in Austin section on Wednesday, Jan'y itb, in his 88th year.
Mr. Carson was injured several year* ago by a falling tree and had not been in good health side*:, but his passing came as a surprise to his many friends. Be was born in Clarendon and spent most of his lifetime engaged in farming in Austin section	ABBB
He was a son of the late Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Carson years ago he was married to Sarah Maria McCagg, who survives, with three sons, Arthur, of Timmins ; Harry, of Ottawa, and Clarence, of Austin, and two daughters, Mr?. George Palmer, of Austin, and
• Would the children, or young people interested in singing please get in touch' with me at Mrs. Lindsay Armstrong]*.
I have planned a very interesting course, especially suited to young people. This will take the form of private lessons at #3.00 for eight half-hour lessons.	MF; *';]• 8	'*
Also piano lessons at the same price. Have had considerable ' experience in both departments, so feel sure 1 can give complete satisfaction.
Stark s Corners Women s Association
The Stark’s Corners Womens Association met in the United Church hall, at Stark’s Corners, on Friday January 6th, with sixteen members and a few visitors present. The president, Mrs. Herb Brown, presided, aessisted by the secretary, Mrs, Earl Fnlford.
The devotional period was in charge of the president, the topic being, “The year 1988 is gone; but God remains”.
It was decided to hold the •meetings in the church hall for the year
The meeting was closed with the Mispah Benediction after which refreshments were served by Mrs. Irwin Smart, Mrs. Earl Fnlford, Mrs. Harvey Wilson and Mrs. Herb Brown. ,	i
ESTABLISHED 1888

COACH
INVALID
0. THICK EY
GEORGE HYNES & SON
the
Annual Meeting ef Clarendon Farmers' Clab, January 17
The annual meeting of Clarendon Farmers’ Club. wilF be held at the Pontiac Bonne, Shawville, at two o’clock on Tuesday afternoon, January 17th.
Shawville
Marble â Granite Works Main Street, Shawville, Que.
Directors of Funeral Service
Shawville, Que.
About 55
Phone 60

